OS
WEATHER
1
VOL. 21, NO. 175.
PiESIOElT WSLS01 KEADS PEUCE IIESSAiE TO GfflliESS
jr i i? i5 5 ijr y
PLEAS FOR UNITED SUPPORT Of
PARTIES IN
Democrat Cheer, but Only Sign of Enthusiasm from Op
position Was Shown When Names of Military and Naval
Heroes Were Mentioned; Wilson Pays Tribute, Not Only
to Men Who Went to Fight Battles of Nation, but Also
to Those Who Remained at Heme and by Their Work and
Contributions Made This Possible; Administration Ready
to Surrender Utilities to Private Owners but Under Im
provement Over Old Conditions, Only
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2 In an address to congress, in
joint session today, Persident Wilson formally announced his
intention to go to Paris, for the peace conference, saying the
allied governments have accepted principles enunciated by
him for peace, and it is his paramount duty to be present.
The president said he will be in close touch by cable and
wireless and that congress will know all that he does on the
other side.
Referring to his announcement that the French and
British governments had removed all restrictions of the trans
mission of news regarding the peace conference to America,
the president said, he had taken over the American cable
. systems on eminent advjee so as to make a unified system
available.
The president said he hoped he would receive the co
operation of the public and of congress, saying through the
cables and wireless constant counsel and advice would be
possible. '
Much of the address was devoted to , g8 , haye u , too goon
the railroad problem, for which the i f
president said he now had no solu-to them; and who stand in the
tion to offer. He recommended care-! midst of them and are part of them
ful study by congress, savin it would , are ie88 qualified than men of an
be a disservice to the country and to, her generation win be t0 8ay wn8t
the railroads to permit a return to ,
old conditions under private manage ; they mean or even .what they have
,1-,, o ,!
readv to release the railroads from j
government control whenever a sat-
lsfactory solution of readjustment
could be worked out.
TVin nfnr .Inmf oolil Vi A hnnorl fft QM
a formal declaration of peace byi"u "
treaty "by the time spring has come." i determine. ,.-010
The new three-year navy building A ear wf 4 ent Hj.918
program was endorsed because, the en e"- slnc then ,w" J"?
president said, it would be unwise to ! si 1.950 513 an average of 162.542
attempt to adjust the American pro-'each raontu- he numb?'-Jn Jact; ns-
gram to a future world policy as yet f
j
undetermined.
Paying tribute to the people's con-!
H,w. in war h nnke nurtir.iiflH v f ;
the work of women and again ap
pealed for woman suffrage by federal
amendment
rwiarWh-hxH nn"r.Hvt thought
or purpose" in going to France, but ; m1 and supplies and carried safely
that he regarded it as his highest -! through extraordinary dangers of at
privilege. the president added: "It "tack dangers wh eh were alike
is now my duty to play mv full part ; strange and infinitely difficult to
In making good what they ( America's 'Puard against. In all this movement,
soldiers) offered their life's blood to;0"1 8 men were lost t.y enemy at
obtain " tacks 660 of whom were upon a
No definite program of reorganiza-' sinSle English transport which was
tion can be outlined now. Mr. Wilson 8Unk near the Orkney is;ands.
said. He expressed the hope that ! "r ned nt tell you what lay back
congress would not object to con-of thU great movement of men and
ferring upon the war trade board or i materlal.
ome other agency the right of fixing , "u not invidious to say that back
with the British upon some method ; ' 11 lay a supporting organization of
of shipping food to starving people :
abroad.
As to taxation, the president
.... ....
proved of the plan of levying six bil
lion dollars in 1919 and for notifica-
tion in advance that the 1920 lew will !
. ...
be four billion dollars.
When the nrenldent roncliidert after
speaking 42 minutes he left the uons which had already been engaged
chamber amidst applause limited to ,or nearly three years in the exigent
the democratic side. Interruptions ofian(1 acting business, their every re
the address for questions which had source and erery executive proficiency
been threatened by some republican I t0 the utmost. We were the pupils.
members of the house did not ma.
terlallze.
THE PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS.
Gentlemen of Congress: The year
that has elapsed since I last stood ,
before you to fulfill my constitutional '
duty to give the congress from t.rne', , equipment and despatch
to time information or. the state of. J '
the Lnion has been so filled with : te and afv he
great events, grea processes an j men we ,ent ovcr Bnd of lhe ,,
great results, that I cannot hope to who k t the an1 th jrt of
give you an adequate picture of -its ; the natlon that 8tood behin:1 tliem. No
transactions or of the far-reaching soldiers or sailors ever proved them
changes which have been wrought in ge,veg , k, d
the life of our nation and of the'
world. You have yourselves witnessed (ConUaued on Fao Two)
9
TROUBLOUS
TIMES
IN SILENCE BY REPUBLICAN
i been. But some great outstanding
facts are unmistakable and constitute
H sense part of the public business
h which it is necessary duly to
'- To state them is to set the
1 action which must grow out of them
. nlitil nrn Ii'iiia i-nt TS o" ! no ann
'"S ! i,o a
to 278.760: in July, to 307.182. and
continuing 10 ream similar ugures ...
August and September in August.
2S9.570 and in September. 257,438.
"No such movement of troops ever
took place before, across 3000 miles
'of sea. followed hy adequate equip-
luo ""usr'r i i"c coumry iuu ui
I its productive activities more com-
ap-IP'ete more thorough in method and
' Afratdvi, in Faanlta m nrn anlviiail
effective in results, more spirited
and unanimous in purpose and effort
than any other great belligerent had
aita KoAn ahta tn affart W't r,rr.f!t aA
greatly by the experience of the na
uui we learnea quicniy anu acieu wun
a promptness and a readiness of co
I operation that justify our great pride
that-we were able to serve the world
with unparalleled energy and quick
; accomplishment.
..
Hut it is not the physical scale
an,
THE BISBEE DAILY
BOTH
HEARD
MEMBERS
CREATOR OF CYRANO DE
BERGERAC EXPIRES AMID
SORROWING FAMILY GROUP
PARISH Dec. 2. Havas.) Ed
mond Rostand, the poet and play
wright, died today. He had been
ill of grippe.
When M. Rostand passed away
Madine Rostand, his sons and
several relatives, were at the bed
side. Commenting on the death of
t!e playwright the Temps says his
loss will be previously felt by
France and her allies as he was
"worthy to celebrate in odes tri-
umphal rijrht and magnificent vie-
11
NEW YORK IS
JUBILANT
ITS GREETING
Four Thousand Airmen
Apprise Gotham of
Their Presence
With Loud
Cheers
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. Dec. 2. New
York, embarkation point of many
hundred thousands of American
troop3 bound for war, heard to
day the first cheers of home-coming
men of the victorious army
more than 4000 of them from al
most every state in the union, who
joined in a shout that carried
across the waters and into the
streets of downtown Manhattan,
when their transport, the Maure
tania, passed the statue of liberty.
With Mayor Hylan and an offi
cial reception committee, accom
panied by the police band, aboard
the soldier-freighted liner steamed
up the bay between lines of har
bor craft with the flags of Ameri
ca and the allies flying and with
whistles shrieking a welcome.
Battery park and piers on Man
hattan and New Jersey shores
were thronged with flag-waving,
cheering multitudes as the Maure
tania moved up to her pier on the
North River.
At the same time, without cheering
or an official welcome of any sort,
1000 wounded soldiers, returned by
way of hospitals in FTance from the
trenches where they gripped with the
foe and helped to crush him, were be
ing moved a?hore from the- troopship
Northern Pacific at Hoboken. They
were hurried to hospitals in Hoboken.
Jersey City and Staten Island.
To safeguard the public against
possible Infectious diseases, the troops
from both transports were Isolated as
they came ashore. Both the well and
the wounded will be denied close con
tact with relatives or friends until
after they liave unCergone medica'
examinations in camp or hospitals.
The units front the Mauretania. all
from training fields in England, will
be mustered out at Camp Mills. Fam
ilies of the wounded will be notified
within a few days or their where
abouts and permitted to see thfm.
Thankfulness at getting home was
the prevailing spirit among the
wounded troops. Many bore more
than one wound, but few would talk
of the incidents of battle that had
sent thrra on stretchers from Euro
pean trenches.
' At the pier, military discipline suc
ceeded the freedom that had brought
I officers and men side by side on the
'rails for the first vkw of "Little Old
'New York." Vnits were quickly
formed, and after hot refreshments
had been served by Red Cross work
ers, the contingents marched aboard
iContlnued on 1'mkc fc'ix
Associated Press Special Leased Wire
REVIEW, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1918.
ITALY WILL HONOR WILSON
ROME, Dec. 2. (By the Associ
ated Press.) Great . preparations
are under way here for the visit
of President Wilson. The presi
dent and Mrs. Wilson will be the
guests of the king and queen at
the Quirinal and thfy will occupy
Sonora Tragedy Now International
L
REQUIRED TO
ENTERGERMANY
Crossing Held Up by Limited
Number of Bridges Across
Sauer and Moselle, Which
Yanks Use
AMERICAN ARMY OF OCCUPA
TION. Sunday, Dec. 1, (Ry the Associ
ated Press.) Three or fouf days will
be required, it is estimated tonight,
for the four first line divisions to com
plete their crossing into German ter
ritory, although the start was made
soon after daylight Sunday.
The advance into uermany was held
up by the limited number of bridges
across the Sauar and AVseile rivers.
The principal bridges used weie those
at Echternach, Hosplert and Wasser
billing on the Sauer a.id Greveiimach
er, Yi ormeldange and Ilemich on the
ilodeKe.
Several small bridges and fords be
tween these villages were utilized by
various units.
In the village of Cordell, north of
Treves, three war-weary German sol
diers arrived home by train from the
north just as the American advance
guard reached the village. A handful
or villagers as at the station to meet
the returning soldiers were in the
the retduruing soiuiers were in the
crowd. 1 he appearance of the march
ing Americans appeared to awe two of
the Germans and their families. This
was not the case, however, with the
third soldier, whose wife took him by
the hand and led him through the.vil
lage street past the columns of Amer
icans. There were co flags or other deco
rations in any of the towns through
which the Americans marched and no
music except that furnished hy the
Americans. Wherever the Americans
asked questions regarding roads they
received courteous replies. In the
restaurants and stores the Germans
sold to the American soldiers any
goods on hand at war time prices.
The natives generally stood or walk
ed as the Americans passed. No emo
tion was shown anywhere excepting
among the children who at some
places appeared to regard the khaki
as strange at first after the weeks of
marching troops in Germun gray.
TREAT YANKS WELL
TREVES, Germany, Sunday, Dec. 1,
(By the Associated Press.) Treves
went to sleep tonight with American
forcea in possession of the city. To all
outward appearances the inhabitants
were pleased, in a way, at the coming
of the Americans. All the cafes and
restaurants and those stores which
were opened did an excellent business
Sunday.
' At first, the populace regarded the
Americans with great curiosity, the
adults staring without being rude and
the children flocking around the
American automobiles wherever they
stopped in the streets. As the day
passed the curiousity wore off and to
night American officers dining in res
taurants attracted only slight atten
tion. Soldiers off duty went about the
streets of the city to the shops and
soldiers' restaurants Just as if they
had been in Treves for weeks instead
(Continued on Page Ptxi
SEVEN
DAYS
HUN WARSHIPS SURRENDER
(Hy Review Lensed wire) tion cf the battleship Koenig.' the ! 122 U-boats have now been delivered
BASEL, Switzerland, Dec. 2, cruiser Dresden and a torpedo boat j to the allies.
(Havas.) It Is reported from Berlin which will be taken to England early I The clearing of mines from the
that the surrender of German war- this month. j Baltic sea has begun. The little belt
ships under the terms of the armistice , The last of the series of submarines and the great belt may now be cross
has been carried out with the excpp-.left Helgoland November 29 so that led without a pilot.
Service
the same apartments as the form
er German emperor and empress
during their visits to Rome, with
the addition of the state suite,
which is being restored and reno
voted. It is proposed that President
Wilson should begin ihe work of
BANDITS' TRAIL
AHA SIDE
AND OFFICERS ARE ALERT
GOVERNMENT SAYS PACKERS
HAVE COMBINATION IN
RESTRAINT OF TRADE
(Hy Review leased V.'ire)
WASHINGTON. Dec 2. The
federal trade commission, in a
supplemental report .submitted to
congress today, charged the five
big meat packing companies of
the country with a combination in
restraint of trade and with con
trolling the sale of livestock and
fresh meat.
Evidence is cited at length to
support the charges. Swift & Co.,
Armour & Co.. Morris a Co.. Wil
son &.' Co., Inc.', and the Cudaby
Packing company are named.
ITS LAST
'SESSIONMONDAV
Many Important Matters Be
fore It, Including Solving of
Questions of Return to
Peace Basis
(By Review Levied Wire)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.The sixty
fifth congress began its third and
final session today with many im
portant matters 'before it. These in
clude solution of the railroad prob
lem, the army and navy programs, re
construction legislation, retrenchment
in government expenditures, war reve
nue legislation, woman suffrage and
the Colombian treaty.
In view of President Wilson's state
ment in his annual address to congress
today, that he does not expect con
clusion of peace until spring, leaders
tonight expressed doubt whether the
present senate, which expires by limi
tation next March 3. would be called
upon to act on the peace treaty.
Chairman Hitchcock of the senate
foreign relations committee said he
expected several treaties would re
sult from the Paris conference a
general treaty ending the war, but
with specific, separate treaties deal
ing with important matters like free
dom of the seas and a league of na
tions. While the peace negotiations are
proceeding, extended debate in ihe
senate on all phases of the questions
involved Is expected by leaders. Sen
ator Hitchcock explained tonight that
In this way the senate's views can be
given to the conference.
Numerous Investigations are in
prospect on both the senate and house
side. The senate judiciary commit
tee's inquiry Into brewers' activities
will be resumed tomorrow and in-
(Continued on Page P(x)
TH
CONGRESS
OPENS
lottos
tearing down the Palazzo Caffe
relli, formerly the home of the
German embassy, where the Ger
man emperor set up a throne for
himself. This palace was built
in 1580. It is located on the Capi
toline hill, above the Temple of
Jupiter.
LEADS TO
OE
FIVE MASKED MEN HOLD UP
AGUA PRIETA CUSTOMS COL
LECTOR, SLAY HIM AND TWO
OTHERS. AND E&CAPE WITH
J125.C0O STOLEN GOLD
TRAIL LEADS NORTH
CROSSED BORDER BETWEEN FOR
REST STATION AND DOUGLAS;
SOLE SURVIVOR OF MEXICAN
OFFICIAL PARTY 13 BADlV
WOUNDED AT NACO
Carlos Caturegll, customs col
lector at Agua Prieta, his chauf
feur, Gilberto Luque, and another
guard, Francisco Bermudez. were
killed, another guard, Kmilio Vid
rio, shot under Uie right eye and is
in a serious condition as the re
sult of a triple murder and rob
bery yesterday morning in Ana
vacacbl Pais, about seven miles
across, the Mexican line from For
rest station on the E. P. &. S. W.
railroad and 12 miles west of
Agua Prieta. Souora. Caiuregli
was taking his monthly collections
from the Agua Prieta customs
house to Naco. lor shipment to
Cananea and had the money in
five sacks, each containing $25,000
American gold. This was taken
by the highwaymen.
The party was traveling iu a Dodge
car and had reached the middle of the
puss when five masked men stepped
out and ordered them to stop. Luque
attempted to speed up the machine
and escape but the robbers opened
fire and killed him. Caturegii and
Burmudez then returned the tire and
were killed and Vidrio shot. The rob
bers then threw tuem out of the car
and made off with it and the money
that was in the car. The atfair hap
pened about 8:. 10. The party had left
Agua Prieta about 6:30.
Found by Stage
Nothing was known ot the robbery
until the regular stage from Agua
I'rieta to Naco came along and found
Vidtio lying beside the road. He was
taken to Naco and placed in the U. S.
Army hospital where he related the
facts as above stated.
The Mexican authorities organized
a posse and accompanied by Deputy
Sheritf John Newell weut to the
Bceue of the crime. They soon found
the three dead men and followed the
trail of the robbers trom where they
hud entered the car to a point about
three miles from the American line
where they lett it. The trail of the
men who had mounted horses as soon
as they abandoned the car was then
followed to where tlu y crossed the
line to Arizona about five miles west
of Douglas. The trail of the horses was
plain to this point. Deputies Percy
Ilowden and O. K. Patterson picked up
the trail from here and followed it
into the main road leading into Doug
las. Virdrio was delirous a majority of
(Continued on Page Six!
BORDER
Tuesday and probably
Wednesday fair; some
what wanner Tuesday
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SENATOR SHERMAN PROPOSES
TO INTRODUCE RESOLUTION TO
DAY DECLARING OFFICE OF
PRESIDENT VACANT WHEN
WILSON LEAVES THE COUNTRY
CUMMINS GETS BUSY
HIS RESOLUTION ASKS APPOINT
MENT OF SENATE COMMITTEE
TO GO TO CONFERENCE; ROD
ENRUBG IN HOUSE WOULD
HAVE VARSHALL TAKE OFFICE
(By Review Leased AVire
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2. Congress
in joint session today heard President
Wilscn announce formally uis purpose
to attend the peace conference and
give his views on the part government
should play in dealing with aft"r the
war problems.
Democrats of the house received the
announcement with cheers in which
some senators joined; the republicans
were silent almost throughout the ad
dress except when the president re
ferred to the valor and efficiency Of
America's soldiers and mentioned the
names of Pershing and Sims. Threat
ened interruptions bf member who
disapproved of the trip and of the
president's failure to include a senator
among the peace delegation, did not
materialize.
During the first hour of the new
session. Senator Cummiua of Iowa,
republican, introduced a resolution to
send a committee of eight senators to
Paris to keep the senate advised cf
the progress of the peace conference
and in the house Representative Rod
enburg of Illinois, republican, had of
fered a resolution proposing that the
vice-president take over the executive
fuactions upon the departure of Mr.
Wilson from the country. Senator
Sherman of Illinois republican, an
nounced later that he would submit to
morrow a resolution similar to that of
Representative Rodenburg. except
that it would declare the office of
president vacant.
The resolution introduced by Sen
ator Cummins proposes:
"It is resolved by the senate that
there be created a committee to be
composed of elht senators one-half
from the majority and one-half from
the minority which shall be charged
with the duty of proceeding to Paris
at the proper time in order to be there
during the said peace conference.
"The committee shall diligently in
quire with respect to all facts pertain
ing to or material for the future con
sideration of the proposed treaties by
the senate and make itself familiar
with all the conditions and circum
stances surrounding the subject and
all the reasons which may exist for
and against the action to be taken. It
shall report to the senate upon all
such matters as often as it may deem
it advisable to do so, and it shall make
final report at or before the time that
the treaties growing out of the con
ference are laid before the senate for
approval, rejection or modification.
"The committee shall be chosen in
the manner provided in the rules of
the senate for the selection of its
standing committees.
"It is authorized to employ such sec
retaries, clerks, stenographers, and
messengers as it may deem necessary
for the discharge of the duties herein
imposed upon it
"AH the expenses incident to its
work in the United States and Europe
shall be paid from the contingent fund
of the senate upon the certificate of
the senator who shall be chosen chair
man of the committee."
The president's annual address was
read before a crowd that filled floors
and galleries. He reviewed at length
the country's accomplishments In the
war, paying tribute to the armed
forces and to loyal workers at home.
Among other things, he disclosed that
he thinks the probretn of readjust
ment is taking care of Itself without
government aid.
Readjustment la Rapid.
"It Is iurprising." be said, "how
fast the process ot return to a peaca
(Continued on Pg9 Four)
MESSAGE IS
RECEIVED BY
THEM COOLLY TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1918.
SUPPORT PLEA
HEARD SILENTLY
BY REPUBLICANS
(Continued from Pnge Onrt
of battle or acquitted themselves with
more splendid achievement when put
to the test.
"Those of us who played some part
in directing the great processes by
which the war was pushed irresistibly
forward to the final triumph may now
forget all that and delight our
thoughts with the story of what our
men did. Their officers understood
the grim and exacting task they haa
undertaken and performed with audac
ity, efficiency and unhesitating cour
age that -touch the story of convoy
and battle with imperishable distinc
tion at every turn, whether the enter
prise were great or small from their
chiefs. Admiral Sims, down to the
youngest lieutenant; and their men
were worthy of them such men as
hardly need to be commanded and
go to their terrible adventure blithely
and with the quick intelligence of
those who know just what It is they
would accomplish, i am proud to be
the fellow countryman of men of such
stuff and valour. Those of us who
stayed at home did our duty; the
war could not have been won or the
gallant men who fought it given their
opportunity to win it otherwise; but
for many a long day we shall think
ourselves "accursed we were not there,
and bold our manhood cheap while
any speaks that fought' with those at
St. Mihiel or Thierry. The memory
of those days of triumphant battle
will go with those fortunate men to
their graves; and each will have his
favorite memory- "Old men forget;
yet all shall be forgot, but he'll re
member with advantages what feats
he did that day!'
"What we all thank God for with
deepest gratitude is that our men
went into the line of battle just at a
critical moment when the whole fate
of the world seemed to hang in the
balance and threw their fresh strength
into the ranks of freedom in time to
turn the whole tide and sweep of the
fateful struggle turn It back, so that
thenceforth it was back, back, back
for their e'nemics, always back, never
again forward, so that it was only a
scant four months before the com
manders of the central empires knew
themselves beaten; and now their
very empires are in liquidation.
"And throughout It all shows the
spirit of the nation; what a steady
purpose, what an untiring zeal, what
elevation of purpose, ran through all
its splendid display of strength, its
untiring accomplishment. I have said
that those of us who stayed at home
to do the work of organization and
supply will always wish that we had
been with the men whom we sus
tained by our labor; but we can never
be ashamed.
"It has been an Inspiring thing to
be here in the midst of fine men who
had turned aside from every private
interest of their own and devoted the
whole of their trained capacity to the
tasks that supplied the sinews of the
whole great undertaking. The patriot
ism, the unselfishness, the .thorough
going devotion and distinguished ca
pacity that marked their toilsome
ife
Acid - Stomach
Dentists tell us that acid mouth causes the eat
ing tway of enamel on the teeth, a substance much
hurder than borie. "Keep the mouth free from acid."
they say. "and there will be little or no danger of
decayed teeth."
Think of this you can at once see what an excess
amount of acid in the stomach acid-mouth means
In tl'.e way of undermining one's health and
strco?th!
Many people make the awful mistake of thinking
l!:at acid-stomach super-acidity as the doctors call
it merely causes an occasional attack of Indigos
tion, bleat, heartburn, belching, sour, gassy stom
ach, and similar troubles that can quickly be reme
died and leaves no serious after effects. As a mat
ter cf fact supcracldity is responsible for a long
trail' 'of serious ailments. It sometimes creates con
ditions which baffle the best medical skill. It is a
wr-ll established fact that meat cases of chronic
f.tni;.(h trouble, anemia, stomatitis, gastritis, rheu
mn'ism, gout, lumbago, intestinal ulcer, many cases
of r?ncer of the stomach, valvular heart trouble and
heart failure find their start in acid-sloniarh.
Ths excess acid must be removed. The stomach
ni's' be kept pure, sweet and strong, free to digest
tr : evil consequences of acid stomach and to enjoy
virpt;us, robust Health.
. wcndcrful preparation now m;ikes it possible to
T'i' kiy remove Rcid-stumai-h. It U called KATONIC
plearaht tasting rompiiund that you can eat like
candy.
KATONIC Jileially wipes out the hurtful cxross
arid and drives the bloat out of the body. You can
fairly feel it work. It is absolutely harmless and n ,
matter how wcai or delicate the Htomar'i nwiy be
KATUNiC wiil not cause distress.
Tbr immediate effects ot KATOMC are nnthlirr
i. ,i t cf marvelous. Almost instant ly it relieves thpi
ni's;-r puffed u feelinit after ntinr. sour. giigxv
wfjiiaeh, heat t Inn n. stops lovl ii al hi-, etc.
labors day after day, month after
month, have made them fit mates and
comrades in the trenches and on the
sea. And not the men here in Wash
ington only. They have but directed
the vast achievements. '- -.
"Throughout Innumerable factories,
upon innumerable farms, in, the depths
of coal mines and Iron mines and cop
per mines, vherever'the stuffs of in
dustry, w in be 'obtained and prepared,
in the shipyards, on the railways, at
the docks, on the sea. In every labor
that was needed to sustain in the bat
tle lines, men have Tied with each oth
ed to do their part and do it well.
"These men can look any man-at-arms
in the face and say, 'we also
Ftrove to win and gave the best that
was in us to make our fleets and
armies sure of their triumph. And
what shall we say of the women of
their inRtant intelligence, quickening
task that they touched; their capacity
for organization and co-operation
which gave them an active discipline
and enhanced the effectiveness of ev
erything they attempted; their abil
ity at tasks to which they had never
before set their bands; their contribu
tion to the great result is beyond ap
praisal. They have added a new lustre
to the annals of American woman
hood. "The least tribute we can pay them
is to make them the equals of men in
political rights as they have proved
themselves their equals in every class
of practical work they have entered,
whether for themselves or for their
country. These great days of com
pleted achievement would be sadly
marred were we to omit that act of
justice. Besides the immense practi
cal services they have rendered, the
women of the country have been the
moving spirits in the systematic man
ner by which our people have volun
tarily assisted to supply the suffering
peoples of the world and the armies
upon every front with food and every
thing else that we had that might
serve the common cause. The details
of such a story can never be fully
written, but we carry them at our
hearts and thank God that we can say
that we are the kinsmen of such.
"And now we are sure of the great
triumph for which every sacrifice was
made. It has come, come in its com
pleteness and with the pride and in
spiration of these days of achievement
quick within us we turn to the tasks
of peace again a peace sure against
the violence of irresponsible monarchs
and ambitious military cohorts and
make ready for a new order of found
ers of justice and fair dealing. We are
about to give order and organization
to this peace not only for ourselves,
but for the other peoples of the world
as well, so far as they will suffer us to
serve them. It is international jus
tice that we seek, not domestic safety
merely. Our thoughts have dwelt of
' Inta .. ...... icln PiirnnAqn A o i n tinnn
laic u nnm, uuivichii 41.11 .1, uj'uu
, the near and the far east, very little
rupon the acts of peace and accommo- i
I dation that wait to be performed at !
jour doors. Whilewe are adjusting our1
I relations with the rest of the world i
' is it not of capital necessity that we
j should clear away all grounds of mis-1
I understanding with our immediate
I neighbors and give proof of the friend-
'ship we really feel. I hope that the ;
'members of the senate will permit me j
: to speak once more of the unratified j
' treaty of friendship and adjustment j
Miserable
For Millions
Makes the stomach feel sweet, cool and comfortable.
Enables you lo eat what you like and digest your
focd in comfort. Aids digestion organs to get full
strength out of every mouthful of food you eat.
And that Is what you must have i order to be
well and strong full strength from your food.
So we say don't let an acid stomach hold you
back and wreck your health. Don't drag out jour
days feeling all in, -down and out, weak and ailing,
lacking in physical power and energy; listless, nerv
ous, irritable and taking only a half hearted interest
in your work. Keep thi vital spark flashing. Let
every organ, muscle and nerve of your body func
tion in perfect harmony with a strong, healthy stom
ach. Eat the things you like but make every mouth
ful count. Then you'll feel fine be fit mentally
alert have pep and punch the power nd will to
do things. That's the kind of health that makes
lifo worth living!
Take EATONIC. Then see how much better you
feel Instantly! You need this help. And you can
get it easy. Your druggist lias EATON K'. (let a
big box today. It Is guaranteed to please you in
every way. You have faith in your druggist and
you can trust him to make this guarantee good. If
KATONIC doesn't please you Just take it back and
the druggist will refund your money. That is our
guarantee.
Within the short rpuce of a year tens of thou
sands or people all over the I'nlted States have
used KATONIC. Kveiywhere they testify to i's mar
velous power to bring quick relief.
If you are sick and ailing and have tried pi!?
and medicine in vain, don't gle up hope of getting
well until you have gone directly to the weat of the
tiouble t'te acid-stomach. Don't let another ln;
go by. Get KATONIC at once. If your nrii53i'!t
(lives not Ueep KATONIC. write lo us and we wil!
sand you a big "(! h. Yon can send ns trie ."().
after yi.U receive it. Addless II. I. Kniine:. l'ri s -dent.
Kalonie Kemcdy Company. Cor. Wabasli Ave.
iMirt 1 1 th St.. Cbieag. . III.
with the republic of Colombia. 1 very
earnestly urge upon them an early
and favorable action upon that matter.
I believe that they will feel, with me,
the present stage of affairs is set for
such action as will be not only just,
but generous and in the spirit of the
new age upon which we must have
just entered.
"Sa far as our domestic affairs are
concerned the problem of the private
ownership of the railroads is a prob
lem of economic and political adjust
ment. That problem is less serious for
us than it may turn out to be for the
nations which have suffered the dis
arrangements and the losses of war
longer than we. Our people, moreover,
do not wait to be led. .They know
their own business, are quick and re
sourceful at every readjustment,
definite in purpose and self-reliant in
action. Any leading strings we might
seek to put them on will become tang
led because they would pay no atten
tion to them and go their own. All
that we can do as their legislative
and executive servants is to mediate
the process of change here, there and
elsewhere as we may. I have heard
much counsel as to the plans that
should be formed and personally con
ducted to a happy consummation, but
from no quarter nave I seen any gen
eral Bcheme of "reconstruction"
emerge which I thought It likely we
could force our spirited business men
and belt reliant laborers to accept with
due pliancy and obedience.
"While the war lasted we set up
many agencies by which to direct the
industries of the country in the serv
ices most necessary for them to ren
der, by which to make sure of an
abundant supply of the materials
needed, by which to check undertak
ings that could for the time be dis
pensed with and stimulate those that
were most serviceable in war, by
which to gain for the purchasing de
partments of the governments a cer
tain control over the prices of essen
tial articles and materials, by which
to restrain trade with alien enemies,
make the most of the available ship
ping and stabilize financial transac
tion both public and private, so that
there would be no unnecessary con
flict or confusion by which, in short,
to put every material energy of the
country in harness to draw the com
mon load and make of us one team in
the accomplishment of a great task.
But now that we know the armistice
to have been signed, we took the
harness off. Raw materials which the
goveinment had kept In its hands for
the industries that supplied the
armies have been released and put
into the general market again. Great
industrial plants whose whole output
and machinery had been taken over
for the uses of the government have
been set free to return to the uses to
which they were put before the war.
It has not been possible to remove
so readily or so quickly the control
of foodstuffs and of shipping, be
cause the world has still to be fed
from our granaries and the ships are
still needed to send supplies to our
men overseas and to bring the men
home as fast as the disturbed condi
tions on the other side will permit.
But even there restraints are being
relaxed as much as possible and more
and more as the weeks go by.
"Never before have there been agen
cies in this country which knew so
lakes
much of the field of supply, of labor
and of industry as tbe war labor
board, the war trades board, tbe fcod
administration and the fuel adminis
tration have known since their labors
became thoroughly systematized; and
they have not been isolated agencies;
they have been directed by men who
represented the permanent depart
ments of the government and so have
been the center of unified and co
operative action. It has been the the
ory of the executive therefore, since
the armistice was assured (which is
in effect a complete submission of the
enemy) to put the knowledge of these
bodies at the disposal of the business
men of the country snd to offer their
intelligent men in every matter which
it is desired. It is surprising how fast
the process of return to a peace foot
ing has moved in the three weeks
since the fighting stopped. It promises
to outrun any inquiry that may be in
stituted and any aid that may be of
fered. It will not be easy to direct it
any better than it will direct itself.
The American business man is quick
initiative.
"The ordinary and normal processes
of private initiative will not, how
ever, give immediate employment for
all the men of our returning armies.
Those who are of trained capacity,
those who are skilled workmen, those
who have acquired familiarity with
established businesses, those who are.
reaay ana witting to go to tne larms.
all those whose abilities are known
will be sought out by employers and
will have no difficulty, it is safe to
say. In finding employment. But
there will be others who will be at a
loss where to gain a livelihood unless
pains are taken to guide them and
put them in the way of work. There
will be a large floating residum of
labor which should not be left wholly
to shift for itself. It seems to me im
portant, therefore, that the develop
ment of public works of every sort
should be promptly resumed in order
that opportunities should be created
for unskilled labor in particular, and
that plans should be made for such
developments of our unused lands and
our natural resources as we have
hitherto lacked stimulation to under
take. "I particularly desire to call atten
tion to the very practical plans the
secretary of Interior has developed in
his annual report and before your
committees for the reclamation of
arid, swamp and cut-over lands which
might, if the states were willing and
able to co-operate, redeem some
300.000.000 acres of land for cultiva
tion. There are said to be 15.000.0d0
or 20.000.000 acres of land in the west,
at present arid, for whose reclamation
water is available. If properly con
served. There are about 20.000,000
acres from which the forests have
been cut, but which have never yet
been cleared for the plow and other
waste and desolate lands. These lie
scattered all over the United States
and there are nearly 80.000.000 acres
of land that lie under swamps yet to
be protected from overflow, and now
unfit for anything but grazing, but it
is feasible to drain anu protect and
redeem them. The congress can at
once direct thousands of the return
ing soldiers to the reclamation of the
arid lands which It has already under
taken, if it' wili but enlarge the plans
and the appropriations which it has
entrusted to the department of the
interior. It is Impossible in dealing
with our unused land to refer to a
great rural and agricultural develop
ment which afford the best sort of
opportunity to men who want to help
themselves; and tbe. secretary of the
interior has thought the possible
methods in a way which is worthy of
your most friendly attention.
"I have spoken of the control which
must yet for a while, perhaps, for a
long while, be exercised over shipping
because priority of servrce to which
our forces overseas are entitled and
which should also e accorded the
shipments which are to save recently
liberated peoples from starvation and
many devastated regions from perma
nent ruin. May I not say a special
word .about the needs of Belgium and
northern France? No sums of money
paid by way of indemnity will serve
of themselves to relieve them of their
disadvantages for years to come.
Something more must be done than
merely find the money. If they had
money and raw materials in abund
ance tomorrow they could not resume
their place In the industry of the
world tomorrow the very importau!
' place they held before the flame of
war swept across them. Many of
J their factories are ruzed to the ground,
j .Much of their machinery has been de
' stroyed or has been taken away. Their
j people are scattered and many of
j their best workmen are dead. Their
markets will be taken by others, if
! they are not In some special way as
sisted to rebuild their factories and
obtain their lost instruments of munu
I facture. They should not be left to
the vicissitudes of the sharp competl-
tion for materials and for industrial
j facilities which will now set in. I
I hope, therefore, that congress will not
! DRIVE AWAY HEADACHE
.
Rub Musterole on Forehead
and Temples
A headache remedy without the dan
, gera of "headache medicine.' Relieves
i headache and that miserable feeling from
I colds or congestion. And it acts at once !
i Musterole is a dean, white ointment,
made with oil of mustard. Better than a
mustard plaster and does not blister.
Used only externally, and in no way can
' it affect stomach and heart; as some in-
temal medicines da
I Excellent for sore throat, bronchitis,
croup, stiff neck, asthma, neuralgia, con
' gestion, pleurisy, rheumatism, lumbago,
; all pains and aches of the back or joints,
i sprains, sore muscles, bruises, chilblains,
frosted feet, colds of the chest (it often
prevents pneumonia).
, 30c and 60c jars; hospital size $2.50
bo unwilling, if it should become
necessary, to grant to some such
agency as the war trade board the
right to establish priorities of export
and supply for the benefit of these
people whom we have been so happy
to assist in saving from the great
terror and whom we must not now
suddenly leav to shift for ourselves
In a competitive market.
"For the steadying and facilitation
of our own domestic business read
justments nothing is more apparent
than the immediate distribution of the
taxes that are to be levied for 1913.
1919 and 1920. As much of the burden
of taxation must be lifted from busi
ness as sound methods of financing
the government will permit and those
who conduct the great essential in
dustries of the country must be told
as exactly as possible what obliga
tions to the government they will be
expected to meet in tbe years imme
diately ahead of them. It will be of
serious consequence to the country to
play relatively at uncertainties in this
matter a single day longer than the
right processes of dPbate Justify. It
is id'e to talk of successful and confi
dent business reconstruction before
those uncertainties are removed. If
the war had continued, it would have
been necessary to raise at least
(8.000.000,000 by taxation, payable in
the year 1919, but the war has ended
and I agree with the secretary of the
treasury that it will be safe to reduce
the amount to (6,000,000,000. An im
mediate decline in the expenses of
the government is not to be looked
for. Contracts for war supplies will,
indeed, be rapidly cancelled and
liquidated, but their immediate liqui
dation will make heavy drains on the
treasury for the months just ahead
of us. The maintenance of our forces
on the other side of the sea present
an immediate necessity. A consider
able proportion of those forces must
remain In Europe during the period
of occupation and those which are
brought home will be transported and
demobilized at heavy expense for
months to come. The interest on our
war debt must, of course, oe paid and
provision made for the re'irenient of
the obligations of tbe government
which represent it. But these de
mands will, of course, fall much below,
what a continuation of military opera
tions would have entailed and $6,000,
000.000 should suffice to supply a
sound foundation for the financial op
erations of the year.
"I entirely concur with the secre
tary of the treasury In recommending
that the (2,000,000.000 needed in addi
tion to (4,000,000.000 provided by ex
isting law be obtained from the profits
which have accrued and shall accrue
from war contracts and distinctively
war business, but that these taxes be
confined to the war profits accruing
in 1918 or In 1919 from msiness orig
inating in war contracts. I urge your
acceptance of his recommendation
that provision be made now, not sub
sequently, that the taxes to be paid
In 1920 should be reduced from six
to four billions. Any arrangements
less definite than these would add
elements of doubt and "onfus'oa to
the critical period of Industrial re
adjustment through which the country
must now immediately pass and which
no true friend of the naton's essential
business Interests can afford to be re
The Itching and Sting
Seems Like the Skin Is on Fire.
There is a harrassing discomfort
caused by Eczema that almost be
comes a torture. The itching- is al
most unbearable, and the skin seems
on fire with the burning- irritation.
A cure from local applications of
salves and ointments is impossible,
because such treatment can only al
lay the pain temporarily. The disease
can only be reached by going; deep
down to its source.
The source of Eczema is in the
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
; to You)
Range Boiler
fiisbee
sponsible for creating or prolonging.
Clearly determined conditions, clearly
and simply charted, are Indispens
able to the economic revival and rapid
industrial development which may
confidently be expected if we act now
and sweep all interrogation points
away.
"I take .t (or granted that congress
will carry out the naval program
which was undertaken before we
entered the war. The secretary of
the navy has submitted to your com
mittee and for your authorization
that part of the program which cov
ers the building plans of the next
three years. These plans have been
prepared along the lines and in ac
cordance with the policy which the
congress established, not under the
exceptional conditions of the war. but
with the Intention of adhering to a
definite method of development for
the navy. I earnestly recommend the
uninterrupted pursuit of that policy.
It would clearly be unwise for us to
attempt to adjust our programs to a
future world policy as yet unde
termined. i "The question which causes me' the
greatest concern is the question of
the policy to be adopted toward the
railroads. I frankly turn to you for
counsel upon it. I have no confident
belief of my own. I do not see how
any thoughtful man can have who
knows anything of the complexity of
the problem. It is a problem which
must be studied, studied immedl-i'.ely
and studied without bias or pr indite.
Nothing can be gained by beco'n.u?
partisans of any pr.iiuUr pi. n of
settlement.
"It was necessary that the adminis
tration of the railways should be taken
over by the government so long as the
war lasted. It would have been im
possible, otherwise, to establish and
carry through under a single direc
tion the necessary priorities of ship
ments. It would have been impos
sible otherwise to combine maximum
production at the factories and mines
and farms with the maximum possible
car supply to take the products to
the ports and markets; impossible to
route troop shipments .and freight
shipments without regard to the ad
vantage or disadvantage of the roads
imployed; impossible to subordinate,
when necessary, all questions of con
venience to the public necessity; im
possible to give the necessary finan
cial support to tlie roads from the
public treasury. But all these neces
sities have now been served and the
question is, what is best for the rail
roads and for the public in the
future?
"Exceptional circumstances and ex
ceptional methods of administration
were not needed to convince us that
the railroads were not equal to the
immense tasks of transportation im
posed upon them by the rapid and
continuous development of the indus
tries of the country.
i
We kneuthat already. And we knew
that they were unequal to it partly be-
cause their full co-operation was ren
dered impossible by law and their
competition made obligatory so that
' it has been impossible to assign to
! them severally the traffic which best
i could be carried by their respective
(Continued on Page Four)
of Blazing, Fiery Eczema
blood, the disease being caused by an
infection which breaks out through
the skin. That is why the most satis
factory treatment for all so-called
skin diseases is S. S. S., for this rem
edy so thoroughly cleanses the blood
that no impurities can remain. Get a
bottle to-day at any drugstore, and
you will see results from the right
treatment. Write for expert meiiccl
advice, which you can get without
cost, by addressing JIdical Dircctc,
21 Swift Laborator., Atlanta. C.
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
AS YOUNG AS
YOUR KIDNEYS
Tha secret of youth is ELIMINA
TION OF POISONS from your body.
This done, you can live to be a hun
dred and enjoy the good things of life
with as much "pep" as you did when
in tbe springtime of youth. Keep
your body in good condition, that's the
secret.
Watch the kidneys. The kidneys and
digestive organs are the main causes.
The kidneys filter and purify the
blood. All the blood passes through
i your kidneys once every three mtn
i utes. They strain or filter ont tha ini
' purities. That Is their work. Keep
them clean and in proper working con
dition and you hare nothing to fear.
Drive the poisonous wastes and dead
ly uric arid accumulations from your
system. Take GOLD MEDAL Haarlem
Oil Capsules at intervals and you will
always be in perfect working order.
You will feel strong and vigorous.
Nerves and muscles will be elastic
and your face will radiate youth and
'health. GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil
Capsules are Imported direct from the
laboratories at Haarlem. Holland.
They are not a patent medicine, but
a guaranteed remedy which has been
used by the sturdy Dutch for over 20
years and which has helped them to
develop into one of the strongest and
healthiest races in the world. Get
them from your druggist Do not take
a substitute. In sealed packages
three sizes.
40 WINTERS, 40
SUMMERS SINCE
THEN HAVE
ROLLED AWAY
Forty winters and forty summers
have rtl'ed away since person wlo
are living and well today firs: took
this pri'scriuim for "Number 40 For
Tne Blood." "Number 40" Is com
pounded from ingredients that are set
down in the tr. S. Dispensatory and
other authoritative m-Mical books as
fol' w "Emploved in uUoaaes of the
glai'dtilar svst-in. In b'ood poison, mer
curial and lead poisoning. scrofuU.
rheumatism, catarrh. constipation,
liver and stomach diseases. Under its
ose, sores ulcers, nodes, tumors and
scrofulous swellings that fcavc with
stood all other treatment disappear as
If by magic.
Sold by Central Pharmacy, Bisbee.
Arizona; Lowell Drug Co Lowell,
Arizona.
Get Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablet3
That is the joyful cry of thousand
since Dr. Edwards produced Olive Tablets,
the substitute for calomel.
Dr. Edwards, a practicing physician far
17 years and calomel's old-time enemy,
discovered the formula for Olive Tablets
while treating patients for chronic con
stipation and torpid livers.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets do not
contain calomel, but a healing, twhm
vegetable' laxative.
No griping is the "keynote" of these
little sugar-coated, olive-colored tablets.
They cause the bowels and liver to act
normally. They never farce them to
unnatural action.
If you have a "dark brown month" now
and then a bad breath a dull, tired
feeling sick headache torpid liver and
are constipated, youH find quick, aura and
only pleasant results from one or two lit
tle Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets at bedtime.
Thousands take one or two every nirfit
j'st to keep right. Try them. 13z aaj
Zjc per bcx All druLts,
Heater
GU1CKRELE
-" I
ij ' 1 'i i
!
3
it ; -s
M $
hi
u t i
S! j j THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1918.
THREE
MORROW QUASHES
i
INDICTMENTS IN
BISBtt CASES
Sustains Demurrer and in Ef
fect, Holds That No Fed
eral Law Was Violated in
Deportation
(Py Review Leased Wire)
TUCSON, Ariz.. Dec. 2. Capt.
Harry "Wheeler, former sheriff of Co
chise couLty, later in service wHh
the American expeditionary forces in
France, and now on duty at Xogales,
Ariz., was relieved of proceedings in
the United States district court here
today, growing out of the so-called
"Bisbee deportation" by which the
Warren mining- district was rid of
11S6 alleged adherents of the I. W. W.
The dicision of Judge William Mor
row, as judge of the United States
district court for the state of Arizona,
was fiied today, having been trans
mitted from San Francisco. In the
"Risbee deportation" case he was sit
ting for Judge William H. Sawtelle
of the Arizona district, who was dis
qualified by reason of having ex
pressed his view of the law of the! held
case. in his cluuv-.e to the grand jury
'which rem ned the indictment.
I Judge Morrow sustained the de
j murrer of Captain W heeler and 24
other prominent citizens of the War
ren district and Cochise county,
which was that the acts charged did
not constitute an offense under fed
eral law. The effect of the decision
is to deny the government the pro
cesses of the United States district
court. Assistant Attorney General
William C. Fitts came on from Wash
Jfjton, D. C, to appear before the
grand Jury which indicted the men,
and he also argued the case for the
government on the demurrer, con
tending that the defendants were in
dictable and liable to prosecution in
the federal court under the old "Force
Hill." a reconstruction measure . of
post-civil-war days. Judge Morrow
held that this law was not applicable
to the acts alleged. In his decision.
Judge Morrow held that the charge
contained in the indictments, con
spiracy to deprive citizens of the
United States of their constitutional
rights, does not constitute a federal
offense.
Judge Morrow criticized the deport
ed men for not submitting their char
acter and conduct to the community
where they resided instead of ap
pealing to the federal courts for pro
tection. He said that if any law was
violated it was the state law against
kidnapping.
Taking up the contention of- the
government that the alleged con
spiracy extended into New Mexico be
cause the deported men were trans
ported into that state and therefore
interstate transportation, ;the 'court
i . . . f
this insufficient M.o bring the ! sessed au equally good moral tharae- nnilTrPT - Lll LII fill
UUI1IL0I riLLU UK
RESULT OF COUNTY
'thp. nimatttnrinn of the United States.
i.s those who had been naturalized. If
case into the federal jurisdiction. Iter; have been equally loyal to the
Remarking upon the fac t that pro--! Rovernn.ent of the United States and
.ii.... . .i. equally attached to the principles of
fendants in the United States court
rutllikr lliun ivi tha ot-jta nurto litilop
Morrow saic' in his decision: 1 thih was the haracter or the per-
, sons agaiust whom the conspiracy was
"Why has this prosecutimi been ! directed, we cannot unclerManl why
brought in the federal court rather i they could not submit their charac
than the state court, which had un-jters and conduct to a tribunal In the
questioned jurisdiction of the offense community where they resided, in
charged? j proceedings against others for an
"The assistant attorney general open violation of the state law. The
stated In the oral argument that it : situation is indeed a lamentable oue
might be because there was such bias ' and one to be greatly deplored, but
and prejudice in the community j it ought- not to influence this court
where the offense was committed . to enlarge the statute to include an
against the-persons complaining of j offense not within its constitutional
the offense that the law of the state ! authority."
could not be enforced against the de-:
fendants. This Is not a legal or con- i GOVERNOR STEPHENS WANTS
stittitional ground of federal jurisdic- DENSMORE TO MAKE REPORT
tion, although frequently
urged as
a ground of federal legislation cover
ing subjects where local authority is
unequal to 4be task of administering
equal and exact justice xa an, but it
is difficult to understand the explana-i
tion in this case, if the large body of
persons against whom the conspiracy
is alleged to have been directed were
in fact bona fide citizens of the
United States as claimed. Those that
were citizens by naturalization pro
ceedings were each required to proe
to the satisfaction of the court by '
two witnesses at the time of naturali-!
zation that for five years prior there-'
to, he had behaved as a man of good
moral character, attached to the prin
ciples of; the constitution of the '
United States and well disposed to
the good order and happiness of the ,
same. Those that were native born dav
citizens should certainly have pos-
(Hv Review I.e;isl Wiie)
SACRAM KXTO. Cal.. Dec. 2 A re
quest that John B. Densmore, director
geueral of the federal employment
service, author of a report containing
"serious statements involving public
officials in San Francisco," be di
rected to "report forthwith" to U. S.
Webb, attorney general of California,
wus forwarded today to William U.
Wilson, secretary of labor, by Gov
ernor William I). Stephens. The re
quest explained that Weld) would
"guide the matter in all its future
legal developments."
KILLED BY AIRPLANE
FT. WORTH. Tex., Dec. 2 Charles
Flores. of Santa Barbara, C:lif., me
chanic at Barron field, was killed to-
when struck by an airplane pro-
pellor as the plane was starting.
m -
jpjlllift
f .......... ......... w i . ... ........... ........ . . -
IM .4.. ........ t .... . ... ..... J
n ' Guaranteed bv '
f-:. - " , -
m iOTitii:i.UKr:4.n-nr.i--.-rr;-!
1NCDKPOHAT r ,t
:;::::.:
.it:
mmmmmi
mi, i. .ui:;4jin:ti:;:::r::m.n:rt.:!i:i-::::::f:t::- ...:H2::H:H::::::H:::U::t:!:Sn!:Uil
SEAT REMOVAL
PETITION FILED YESTERDAY IN
TOMBSTONE ASKS TO HAVE
ALL VOTES ' NO" AND FOR BIS
BEE AS PLACE OF SEAT
THROWN OUT
According to advices received here
yesterday from Tombstone suit has
been filed in the superior court there
by the Douglas citizens to have a re
count made of the county seat election
held at the recent general election.
The case is entitled S. W. AlcCall.
as plaintiff or contestant, vs. the city
of Tombstone, contestee, the petition
alleges that in the election held on
the oth of November us to whether
the county seat should be moved, that ;
a large number of electors voted "No" j
on" the proposition as to whether the
county seat should be moved from :
Tombstone and then voted for Bisbee ;
as a site. It further alleges that since
the electors voted lor Tombstone
when he voted "No" that the vote on j
the ether question is illegal and void j
and asks that the entire vote of the !
county be recounted and these votes
thrown out. and that by such recount
Douglas will then have over 6ti per
cent of the vote for county seat re
moval, and that the county seat forth
with be declared removed to Doug
las. Attorneys Manatt and Stephenson
and D. A. Richardson of Douglas, ap
pear for the plaintiffs in the action.
In the recent election the official re
turns show that there were 381 cast
against county seat removal and 3806
for the removal. The law requires
that to remove the county seat 60 per
cent of the vote must be in favor of it.
The law also provides for the form tc
be used on the ballot and that was the
form that was used on the ballots used
in the general election.
1-1
1 and
M
isoee rue
reed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
Jk. ILd
i
Sisbee
Fuel and
d C
on
ompany
Phone 121
B- low Copper Queen Hotel
J
ANSWERS ARE FILED
IN DAMAGE CASES
AT TOMBSTONE
GENERAL DENIAL FILED IN
CASES BROUGHT IN SUPERIOR
COURT BY STRUCK MEYER AND
CLEARY; NO SERVICE IN OTH
ER CASES SO FAR
On Saturday in the superior court
then? wab filed" iu behalf ; t the Phelps
Dodge corporation, the E. P. & S.W.
Railroad company, the Calumet &
Arizona Mining company and a num
ber of individuals an answer in the
damage actions brought arising from
the deportations on July 32, li)17. The
answers were filed by the tirm of
Ellin wood & Ross and were in 213
cases. These cases cover these that
wera filed by Messrs. Struckmeycr
and Cleary and cover damages in each
instance for $20,000 with the exception
of the case in which W. B. Cleary is
plaintiff in which $75,000 was asked, i
The answer was a general one and :
at the same time there was filed a j
geneial demurrer similar to the one;
that was filed a few months ago and j
which was overruled by Judge Lock- (
wood when the matter was up before !
him. j
No answer has been filed for the ;
Shattuck-Arizona company. There has j
been no service made in the other !
damage cases which were filed by the j
Phoenix attorneys and those from El ,
Paso.
The only CERTAIN way to insure finr.ncia!
success and independence is to save part of what
you earn.
A Bank Account here will care for your funds
conveniently and safely.
Have ycu one?
Bank with us.
0-i.rc--
E 4 I 'K I. F 1
1
Ever-Lastic Roofin.
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August '3. We have a full car in stock.
Bisbee Lumber Co. inc.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
ONE KILLED, ONE HURT.
(Ky Review Leased Wire)
SPRINGFIELD, O., Dec. 2 Second
Lieut. J. U. Brumback of Kansas City.
Mo., was killed nnd Se.-oiiu Lieut. E.
G. Sohme of Connell Wash., was ia-
jured when their airplane crashed to
earth in a cornfield northwest of this
city today. Sohme will recover.
"A SPLENDID TCIilG"!
Sijt IL'iion Lady Who, On Dec-,
tor's Advice, Took Cariui i
And Is Now WelL
r
Klison, Tenn. "About 10 years ag j
I was..." saya Mrs. J. B. Gadd, of!
this place. "I suffered with a pain In
my left side, could cot sleep at night
with this pain, always In the le't
Ide... .
M7 doctor told me to use Card at I
took one bottle, which helped me and
after my baby came, I was stronger
and better, but the fain was still'
there. j
I at first let it go, but began to Bt
weak and In a run-down condition.
o I decided to try some more Cardul,
which I did.
This last Cardul which I took made
me much better. In fact, cured me. It
has been a number of years, still I
have no return of this trouble. I
I . feel It was Cardul that cured me, :
and I recommend it a a splendid fe-
male tonic" i
Don't allow yourself to become ;
weak and run-down from womanly '
troubles. Take Cardul. It should sure- j
ly help you, as It has so many thou-!
sands of other women in the past 40 '
years. Headache, backache, sldeache,
nervousness, sleeplessness, tired-out
feeling, are all signs of womanly trou
ble. Other women get relief by taking
Cardul. Why sot jouf All druggists.
NC-133
REVIEW WANT AOS FOR RESULTS '
Wise Socrates! Venerable Greek Sage!
Condemned to die, about to drink the
deadly hemlock, yet he executed one last
stroke of masterful intellect and Judg
ment to sell his yacht and roadster, he
put an Ad in The Review Classified Columns!
COiTER QUiiKN KViVtl
AND HIGH lUS;
CAFE
Ybc bist ot
A Special (n.
eerytrnna
c k-i-clucx;
at
i
!
nIif
h
carle price
dln.-.rr from
ijfuLr .'.i.-ird by the month, $ tS.CO
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Corretpondents: Paine, Weber & Co.. Boston, Duluth, Calumet
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
ity Dye Works SiS
1
PHONE 739 :-: Opposite Y. W. C. A. FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1918.
Ehc Sisbpr Daily JKruHut
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEX A. CAIX
Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press Is exclusively entitled to the
use for re-publication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not otherwise credited to this paper, and also, the
local news published therein
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches here
in are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
PER MOXTH -75
THREE MONTHS
SIX MOXTHS
TWELVE MOXTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Talon for Less Than 75 Cents
J.25
4.00
7.50
2.50
.75
THE PEACE CONFERENCE
Precisely how the great peace conference
will operate, few persons outside the inner
circles can know. It is possible, however,
to give a rough forecast of its program. A
Washington dispatch to the New York
World, apparently based on dependable in
formation, puts the matter with unusual
clearness.
According to this forcast, the conference
will not hold everything in suspense until
it can work out a complete plan, but will
proceed immediately to announce certain
broad policies in the treatment of Germany
and Austria. Those countries will then be
encouraged to go ahead and work out their
own destinies as well as they can, while the
conference fills in the details, arranges the
map of Europe and rewrites international
law.
The principal things that Germany needs
to know are these: She must be told how
much she will be expected to pay for the
damage done to Belgium and northern
France; how much for the ruin wrought in
her illegal submarine warfare; how much
in general "punitive damages," if the al
lies decide to inflict any such penalty. She
must be told, too, "how much of an army
she will be permitted to maintain for police
purposes, and how little of a navy." It
goes without saying that she will not be
allowed to squander much of her revenue
on any sort of military establishment un
til she has paid her war debts; and after
that, her army and navy will probably be
limited for prudential reasons, whether the
allies agree to limit their own armament or
not." It must be also determined, without
much delay, how much of Germany's ter
ritory is to be held as security for speedy
and honest fulfillment of her financial ob
ligations. Possibly the Rhinelands, now
being occupied by the armistice terms, will
suffice for that purpose.
It seems reasonable to expect that some
such program will be announced soon after
the conference gets down to business. In a
month or two, then, our enemies may
know substantially what their fate is to be,
and the rest of the world may know what
it is to expect in the way of restoration and
reconstruction.
Such promptness in essentials will be of
great benefit to everybody concerned, en
abling business men and statesmen every
where to get their bearings and go ahead
more intelligently with their own recon
struction work.
BRITISH BULLDOG NEVER LETS GO
tV-- (Louisville, Ky.. Herald.)
If the kaiser possessed prescience, or had
read history, he must have shivered as
tradition has it that we do if someone steps
on our grave when he knew for certain
that his spies had lied, and that the stub
born, stick-to-it, bull-dog British had de
cided to live or die with the French. The
British have had a bad record for an am
bitious despot to face. They brought
Philip of Spain to his knees they curbed
the power of Louis the Great of France
they grappled with the mighty Napoleon
and never let him go. That is the gist of
the matter. They never let go. Great
Britain and her dominions have sent over
eight and a half millions of men into the
struggle. When we have sent 1 5,000,000
we will have done as well. And not be
fore, we may add.
Thousands of American lads will come
to us alive and whole because thousands of
our blood-brothers from the British Isles
have been killed and mutilated and have
taught us how to escape. Britain made her
army while France and her own navy held
the gap.
That is a fact America broadly speak
ing is reluctant to admit. But it is so.
What Runnymede did was done for us.
For all this they paid. There is hardly
a home in Great Britain which does not
have its unvisited grave in France or Bel
gium not a street on which the perma
nently maimed do not limp to unaccustom
ed tasks. And the figures show that the
percentage of casualties from the Mother
Country exceeds the percentage from the
overseas dominions, thus disposing of one
of the meanest, most dastardly lies of the
whole satanic German propaganda.
Why do we repeat this: Because Eng
land's contribution is either denied or de
rided; because the fact that her ships have
coaled, fed and munitioned Italians and
French to say nothing of Americans is
neglected; because the fact that she rose
from nothing at all to be a full military
partner of France is mentioned by no one.
British bottoms convoyed by British
warshins took the Americans overseas. If
you think that is an excessive boast we will,
by agreement with Secretary Baker, take
off 1 5 per cent. That is our personal-intimate
phase. It does not stand alone, how
ever. Where have the British fought? The
Suez was in danger. It was the British
that protected it. There were German na
val stations in the Pacific. The British
mopped them up. Russia asked help by
way of the Dardanelles. The British tried
to give it. Intervention was needed on
the Tigris. The British supplied it. The Brit
ish were at Salonika. British ships were in
the Adriatic. The British colonial troops
freed Africa from the Germans. The Brit
ish today are moving south from Archangel
and are at Vladivostok.
It's a true story. England has prolonged
the war, shows no disposition, the slight
est, to curtail it; could, quite easily, mod
ify the terms and soften the way. Won't.
It's the British way, the bull-dog British
way. Not intelligent, some one suggests,
and we are not disposed to defend it as
such. Narrow, rather groovy, angular,
morose. Well and good. But where it
bitas it holds, never fear. That is why
Russia, waking up, finds the Briton at her
elbow. That is why Portugal recalling
that she has leaned on Britain since long
before Napoleon throws in her lot with
the British confidently:
War with all the world
Peace with Britain.
The British are the poorest advertisers
in the world. No one will ever know the
sum of their performance. But they de
liver the goods. Eighty thousand they
sent to France, and they have multiplied it
an hundredfold. And the British, if we
may be permitted to suggest anything as
revolutionary, are a great part possibly a
dominant part: of the Americans. They
have contributed to our make-up, language
and literature ; laws and customs ; faith and
freedom. We are inconceivable, unrealiz
able, impossible without them. Is not that
plain truth?
MESSAGE IS
RECEIVED BY
THEM COOLLY
(Continued from Page One)
THE GERMAN GOAT
Admiral von Tirpitz, the master-pirate,
responsible for U-boat ruthlessness, has
shaved off his Santa Claus whiskers and
gone into hiding. A dispatch from Berlin
says that 90 per cent of the German people
today demand that he be court-martialed.
The storm against him has been growing
for some time. It started before Germany
asked for an armistice. There was a strong
er feeling against him than against the
kaiser.
It would be easy for Americans to mis
take the precise "nature of that feeling. The
Germans have not turned against Tirpitz
because they are horrified by the crimes the
German navy committed under his orders
because they disapprove on principle of
the inhumanity he preached and practiced.
They have turned against him simply be
cause his policy of sea-assassination failed
to win the war.
He inaugurated that policy with their
approval. If it had succeeded, Tirpitz
would have been today a national hero in
stead of a national goat. They see now that
the indiscriminate sinking of enemy and
neutral shipping was destined, from the
first, to bring the United States into the
war, and thereby lose the war for Ger
many. With this -new illumination, driven
into their heads by hard facts, they hold
their thumbs down for Tirpitz.
Germany has changed little. Not in
humanity, but failure, is a crime.
The Germans are sincerely sorry for
their error, which postpones for a long pe .
riod the time when they can make another
war.
Great rejoicing is felt over the prospect
ive return to a peace basis, when we can
all go to work producing things that wc
don't need.
footing has moved in the three weeks
since the fighting stopped. It prom
Isps to outrun any inquiry that may
be instituted and any aid that may
hp offered it will not be easr to di
rect it any better than it will direct
ltsi-lf. The American business man
Is of quick initiative."
Of the railroad question, Mr. Wil
son said he had no solution to offer.
He said he was ready to return the
lines to private control whenever
satisfactory arrangement was offered
to prevent a return to the old sys
tems under private management with
out modification, and asked congress
to study the subject.
Wants Woman Suffrage.
Recommendations included a re
newed appeal for womaa suffrage in
recognition of woman's work In the
war: a request for early and favor
able action on the unratified Colom
bian treaty; and a suggestion that
authority should be given the war
trade board or some other body to
continue control for a time over exports.
The president concluded with the
announcement of his forthcoming
trip overseas. He said that since
the associated governments bad ac
cepted principles enunciated by him
as the basis of peace and reasonably
desired his personal counsel in their
interpretation, he regarded it as his
paramount duty to go. Through
cables and wireless, he added, he
would keep in close touch with aii
that goes on this side "and you will
know all that I do." He appealed for
the encouragement and added
strength of united .support from con
gress.
Little Debate Heard.
There was 'no debate in either house
i the president's trip to France.
The only reference to it in, the house
was made by Representative Mann of
Illinois, the republican leader, after
the president had delivered his an
nual address at the join session in
the house chamber.
"I am not objecting to the presi
dent going abroad," said the republi
can leader, "but I think some wise
gentleman on the majority side of
the house ought to be able to inform
congress what course is to be pur
sued when matters come before us.
Is there any way by w'-h we may
make into law anything put through
congress before the president re
turns'?"
News Article Read.
After the president tpoke. the sen
ate was in session only a short white.
At the opening of its session, however,
Senator Sherman of Illinois asked
that a newspaper article regarding
plans for the personal comfort of
President Wilson and his party on
the trip abroad be read. Senator Fhe
lan of California objected, but on a
viva voce vote the senate ordered the
article read.
to state with confidence is that it
would be a disservice alike to the
country and to the owners of the rail
roads to return to the old conditions
unmodified. These are conditions of
restraint without development. There
is nothing affirmative or helpful about
them. What the country chiefly needs
which until within a fortnight they may have the encouragement and the
had maintained and there ib now no j added strength of your united sup
censorship whatever exercised at this j port? I realize the magnitude and dif
end except upon attempted trade com-1 ficulty of the duty I am undertaking;
munications with enemy countries. It ' I am pregnantly aware cf its grave
has been necessary to keep an open i responsibilities. I am the servant of
wire constantly available between i the nation. I can have Bo private
Paris and the department of state and thought or purpose of my own in per
is that all its means of transportation i another between France and the da- forming such an errand. 1 go to give
should, be developed, its railways, its pariment of war. In order that this the best that is in me to the common
SUPPORT PLEA
HEARD SILENTLY
BY REPUBLICANS
(Continued from Page Two)
lines in the interest of expedition and
national economics.
"We may hope, I believe, for the
formal conclusion of the war by treaty
by the time spring has come. The 21
months to which the present control
of the railways is limited after formal
proclamation of peace shall have been
made will end then, at the farthest, I
lake It for granted, only to the Jan
uary of 1921. The full equipment of
the railways which the federal admin
istration had planned could not be
completed within any such period.
The present law does not permit the
use of the revenues of the several
roads for the execution of such plans
except by formal contract with their
directors, some of whom will consent.
while some will not, and therefore
does not afford sufficient authority to
undertake Improvements upon the
scale upon which it would be neces
sary to undertake them.
"Every approach to the difficult
subject-matter of decision brings us
face to face, therefore, with this un
compromising word: What is right
that we should do with the railroads,
in the interest of the public and in
fairness to their owners? Let me say
at once that I have no answer ready.
The only thing that is perfectly clear
to me is that It is not fair either to
the public or to the owners of the
railroads to leave the question unan
swered and that it will presently be
come my duty to relinquish control
even before thu expiration of the
statutory period, unless there bhould
appear some clear prospect in the
meantime of a legislative solution.
Their release would at least produce
one element of a solution, namely cer
tainty and a quick stimulation of
private initiative.
"I believe that it will be serviceable
for me to set forth explicitly is pos
sible the alternative courses that lie
opea to our choice. We can simply
release the roads and go back to the
old conditions of private manage
ments, unrestricted competition with
its multiform regulation by both state
and federal authorities; or we can go
to the opposite extreme and estiMish
complete government control, if neces
sary by actual government ownership.
Or we can adopt an interdeniediate
course of modified private control, un
der a more unified and definite public
regulation and under such alterations
of the law as will permit wasteful
competition to bo avoided and a con
siderable degree of unification of ad
ininiKt ration to be effected, as for ex
ample, by regiouul corporations under
which the railways cf definable area
would be in effect coinhiued in single
'The one boiulion that I am ready '
waterways, its highways and its
countryside roads. Some new clement
of policy therefore, is absolutely
necessary necessary for the service
of the public, necessary for the re
lease of credit to those who are ad
ministering the railways, necessary
for the protection of their security
holders. The old policy may be
changed much or little, but surely it
cannot wisely be left as it was. I hope
that the congress will have a com
plete and impartial study of the
whole problem instituted at once and
prosecuted as rapidly as possible.
"I stand ready and anxious to re
lease the roads from the present con
trol and I must do so at a very early
date if by waiting until the statutory
limit of time is reached I shall be
merely prolonging the period of doubt
and uncertainty which is hurtful to ev
ery interest concerned.
I welcome this occasion to an
nounce to the congress my purpose to j
meet in Paris the representatives of j
the governments with which we have
been associated In the war against !
the central empires for the purpose
of discussing with them the main fea-!
tures of the treaty of peace. I realize
the great inconveniences that will at-j
tend my leaving the country, partlcu-1
lar'.y at this time but the conclusion I
that it was my paramount duty to go
has been forced upon me by considera
tions which I hope- will seem as con
clusive to you as they have seemed j
to me.
The allied governments have ac
cepted the basis of peace which I out
lined to congress on the 11th of Jan-,
uary last, as the central powers also I
havo, and very reasonabily desire my -personal
counsel in their interpreta-',
tion and application, and it is highly '
desirable that I should give it in order
that the sincere desiie of our gov
ernment to contribute without selfish
purposes of any kind to settlements
that will be common benefit to all the
nations concerned may be made fully
manifest. The peace settlements which
are now to be agreed upon are of tran
scendent importance both to us and to
the rest of the world, and I know of
no business of Interest which should
take precedence of them. The gal
lant men of our American forces on
land and sea have consistently fought
for the ideals which they knew to be
the ideals of their country; I have
thought to express the ideals; they
have accepted my statements of them
as the substance of their own thought
and purpose, as the associated govern
ments have accepted them; I owe to
them to see to it, so far as in me lies,
that no false or mistaken interpreta
tion is put upon them, and no possible
effort omitted to realize them. It is
now my duty to play my full part in
making good what they offered their
life's blood to obtain. I can think of
no .call to service which could tran
scend this.
"I shall be in close touch with you
and with affairs on this side of the
water, and you will know all that I do.
At my request the French and Eng
lish governments have absolutely re
moved the censorship of cable new
might be done with the least possible settlements which I must now assist
interlerence with the other uses of the ' in arriving at in conference with the
cables, 1 have temporarily taken over I other working heads of the associated
control of both cables in order that ' governments. I shall count upon your
they may be used as a single system, j friendly countenance and encourage
I did so at the advice of the most ex-1 ruent I shall not be inaccessable. The
perionced cable officials and 1 hope j cables' and the wireless will render me
that the result will Justify my hope I available for any counsel or service
that the news of the next few months j you may desire of me, and I shall be
may pass with the utmost freedom i happy in the thought that I am con
and with the least possible delay from stantly in touch with the weighty mat
each side of the sea to the other. Iters of domestic policy with which we
"May I not hope, gentlemen of the j shall have to deal. I shall make my
congress, that in the delicate tasks I j absence as brief as possible and shall
shall have to perform on the other i hope to return with the happy assur
side of the sea, in my efforts truly and jance that it has been possible to trans
faithfully to interpret the principles j late into action the great Ideals tor
and purposes of the country we love, 1 1 which America has striven."
IS CANDY
A LUXURY?
i
THE
TRUTH
ABOUT
CANDY
Do you know that candy is a very desirable,
quick fuel foot! so recognized by
physicians and scientific
men generally?
Candy f Jrhishes energy and heat and material for growth, repair and
in sulation of body processes in the form of carbohydrates and protein
foods.
People are coming to know candy
a luxury as many have supposed.
Consider the food value of the chocolate cream! The principal in
gredients are chocolate, milk and sugar. Who fruit or nuts are added
the food value is proportionately increased.
All these ingredients
craves and demands.
iii its true light as a food not
are food products which the human system
"But," someone raises to remark, "candy contains sugar and the
food administration says to save it."
Quite true! If we are to guarantee the soldiers' ration we must
stick by our own.
So t'n U. S. Food Administration has reduced the amount of sugar
allowed the candy manufacturers to half what they used In normal
times.
When you see candy offered for sale you may know it Is made with
sugar set aside for that purpose and part of it is yours. Eat what you
like, but in moderation, in order not to deprive oth irs. That's the
message of the candy industry to you!
THE CANDY INDUSTRY OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA AND ARIZONA
BUY W. S. S.
5
H
easily
facts
are "the
proved
concerning
wo
Oris per fchao. other
com flakes;
Superior "flavor;
More'eatable" hence
mope satisfyiqg
And theyTnake
easy the saving
of wheatu
v.
V1 THE" UlSBEfcT DAILY " Kfc.Vlfc.YV, i ULMJAI, Dt.LfcJVlBtK-.5f
REVIEW WANT ADS
.Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word tor each
Issue, wich a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach
The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion the next morning.
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Woman to take care of six !
children and make her home with
them. Apply Mike Lazovich, Co
chise. 242
WANTED An experienced dining
room girl, also experienced kitchen
woman. Warner Dining room,
Pbone 733. 240
Wanted
WANTED At once, a five room un
furnished house in Warren. Call
Red 477. . 22S
WANTED A four or five room un
furnished house with bath. Per
iivmmiL R N. R.. Review. 1S8
For Rent
FO.l RENT Three well furnished
housekeeping rooms. Mrs. Grace
Williams, Clawson hill. 257
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms.
Mrs. Kenjack, Winwood addition.
245
FOR RENT Two or three furnished
rooms, modern conveniences. 237
Mason hill. Phone Blue 7S6. 189
FOR RENT Two roomed house.
Close in. 31-C O. K. Btreet. Call
Black 571. 278
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished for
housekeeping. South Bisbee. Carl
Pilz. 187
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 151 A Opera Drive.
193
FOR RENT Furnished room, near
Greenway school, Warren. Mrs.
Wittig. 201
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 14 Laundry hill. J.
Shearer. 200
FOR RENT Furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. Clawson hill,
Elliott flats. 20
FOR RENT Five room house, furn
ished; also garage, close to Green
way school. P. W. Dixon. 171
FOR RENT Furnished room in War
ren, Congdon street. Mrs. E. J.
Cook. 16
FOR RENT Good furnished room.
Wilson. 17 Quality hill. 170
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
for housekeeping. No children. 218
High road. Anna Murphy. 994
For Sale
FOR SALE Seven room house in
good condition. Bargain. Califor
nia street. No. 48, Johnson addition.
241
FOR SALE: 160 cres farm land,
artisan water, San Pedro valley. A
bargain to one with the cash. Or
will give terms for half pay to right
party. Can raise large winter crop.
Address, Bisbee, Box 1957. 276
FOR SALE! Several sets ladies' new
furs. 169 Temby avenue. 277
FOR SALE One gas range. 64 Moon
canyon. W. L. Moore. 243
FOR SALE One five passenger hup
niobile in first class condition. Can
be seen at Slag Dump garage. 256
FOR SALE The Samson house, cor
ner G avenue, Fourteenth street,
Douglas, Ariz. For further informa
tion apply to A. J. Applin, 181 Tem
by avenue, or Box 638, Bisbee, Ariz.
196
FOR SALE Gas range and' heater,
cheap. No. 8 Kruger flats, Warren.
197
FOR SALE Four room house, a good
well of water cn five lots. Ben Scott,
77 Moon canyon. 198
FOR SALE Furniture of four room
house, also privilege of renting
house at $20. Call 207 Hazzard
street. Warren. 185
FOR SALE Strictly modern com
pletely furnished four room house
in Warren. Best locality, excellent
hot water equipment. $5ou cash, bal-
ante terms. Box 792 226
FOR SALE On School hill, this week
for $."0J a four room house with
screen porch, also four city lots,
large yard with coop for chickens.
Inquire 173 Naco road, by Holbrook
stop. 167
FOR SALE Piano, $175. Cash or
Liberty bonds. 16 Cowan ridge. 168
FOR SALE New four room bungalow
house, bath room, for $12'J(. Ltav
infi town. Place worth flSuo. Call
96 Laundry hill. 169
FOR SALE Furniture of seven room
hous. Almost new. 11 Tank
hill. 63
FOR SALE -B( ft equipped and host
located bo;irdin house in city,
cheap; 7." strady boarders. Call
at Room 14 Alien block. 94')
TOR SALE iMvme Urns and i;ullets,
an urecuE. write us your require
meuts Phoenix Seed U Feed com
pany, Phoenix, Ariz. 616
FOR SALE The Pressure Cooker.
Phono 734 for cookers or demonstra
tion. Bisbee Mattress Works. 152
FOR SALE Bundles or old paper at
the Review i.ffice. Iarge bundles,
price 25c.
Lost
LOST Bunch of Vvv. between Lock
lin avenue und pnMolticc. Ketuin
10 Bank of Bisbee. Reward. 258
Miscellaneous
BE A MANUFACTURER Get Into
business for yourself. Small capital.
Big profits. Great demand. Manu
facture fire extinguishers for auto
mobiles and homes. Write for par
ticulars. Send $1 for demonstrator.
Refund if not satisfactory. PYRO
LABORATORIES, 4317 Melbourne
avenue, Los Angeles, Calif. 227
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
From $2 up. All corsets
carefully fitted. Ines Warburton,
next Arizona Grocery store, upper
Main. 66
VISIT MADAM CLARK The well
known Ciarivoyant and Palmist.
Are you In trouble of any kind, un
happy, dissatisfied with life, have
domestic, love, or business troubles?
You will be told how to overcome
them all. Whatever your trouble is,
I can help you. Hours 10 a. m. to
8 pm. daily. Lowell Hotel, Rooms
1 and 2, Lowell, Ariz. 88
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. School, Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train for service. 268
SCECOND HAND CLOTHES Bought.
Phone 739, City Dye Works. . 604
AMERICAN HOME MADE BEER
Not a near beer, nor substitute, but
a genuine beer made in the home.
Simple, easy to make. Get the recipe
by America's foremost brewmaster.
Send 10 cents for mailing, E. J.
Weston, 208 1-2 East Ninth street,
Los Angeles. 666
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per
sonal ncte to salaried men and wo
men, also on furniture. Cox Loau
company. Room 7, Sparks Kline
building. 166
Legal Notices
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
019126
Department of the Interior -
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, 191S.
Notice is hereby given that William
Ryan, of Hereford, Arizona, who, on
September 6, 1912, made Desert Land
Entry, No. 019126, for N.E. i S.E. V4,
ii N.E. Sec. 7, N.W. J N.W. U.
Section 8, Township 24-S., Range
22-E., G. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has
filed notice of intention to make final
proof under the Act of March 4, 1915
Purchase Clause to establish claim
to the land above described, before
Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commissioner,
at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 10th day of
December, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Angus Gillis,
JamcB Delaney, both of Bisbee, Ari
zona. Ben Morgan,
' Dayton L. Graham, jr., both of
Garces, Arizona.
608 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
First publication November 9, 191S.
Last publication December 8, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
023275027394
Department of the Interior
U. S. Laud Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, 131S.
Notice is hereby given thit Pearl L.
Voorhees, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on September 5, 1913, made Hume
stead Entry No. 023275 for the S.E. ht.
Sec. 2S, Tp. 22-S., R. 21-E., and on May
11, 1915, made additional Homestead
Entry, No. 027394, for S.E. Vi N.E. ',
Sec. 28. W. Vi N.W. Sec. 27, Town
ship 22-S., Range 21-E.. G. & S. R. B. ii
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make three year proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 11th
day of December, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A. Lyth,
Albert J.- Voorhees, both of Here
ford, Arizona.
John E. Nelson, of Bisbee, Arizona.
Louis A. Boedecker, of Turner,
Arizona.
607 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
First publication November 9, 1918.
Last publication December 8. 1918.
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF
STOCKHOLDERS OF EL PASO &
SOUTHWESTERN RAILROAD
COMPANY,
Notice is hereby given that a spe
cial meeting of stockholders of El
Paso &. Southwestern Railroad com
pany will be held at the principal of
fice of the company in Liable, Cochise
county, Arizona, on Wednesday, the
4th day of December, 1918, at two
o'clock p. in. for the purpose of elect
ing directors to serve until the next
annual meeting of stockholders, or un
til their successors are elected and
qualified, and also for the purpose of
considering and acting upon a resolu
tion to approve all of the acts of the
officers and directors of said company
siiice the last annual meeting thereol.
This meeting Is called by stockhold
ers of record of said El Paso & South
western Railroad company who own
more than one-third of the issued and
outstanding capital stock thereof, said
call duly signed by said stockholders
being on file in my office.
GEO RGB NOTMAN,
Secretary of Ki Paso &. Southwestern
Railroad Company. 599
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
02013 02S826
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Ariz.
November 2, 191S.
Notice is hereby given that Albert
J. Voorhees, of Hereford. Arizona,
who. on March 1".. ISl.'i. mado Home
stead Entry. No. 02K913, for W. N.K
X w.
Kee "fi. S.
N.E.
S E.
, N.W.
,, Section
. and on
November 17, 1915, made additional
Homestead Entry, No. 02S826, for N.E
4 N.W. 14. Section 27. Township 22 S,
Range 21-E., G. & S. R. B. Si Meridian,
has filed notice of intentioa to make
three year proof, to establish claim to
the land above described, before Jared
D. Taylor, U. S. Commisisoner, at Bis
bee, Arizona, on the 11th day of De
cember, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A. Lyth,
Pearl E. Voorhees, both of Heieford,
Arizona.
Louis A. Boedecker, of Turner, Ari
zona. John E. Nelson, of Bisbee, Arizona.
609 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
First publication November 9, 1918.
Last publication December 8, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
012723
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Albert
Gattrell, of Sunny side, Arizona, who,
on December 30, 1910, made Home
stead Entry, No. 012722, for H. E. S.,
No. 203.
A tract of land described by metes
and bounds, as follows: Beginning at
Corner No. 1 from whence U. S. L. M.
No. 00 H. E. S. bears N. 29 degs. 13'
E. 62.09 chains.
Thence S. 49 degs. IS' E. 6.99 chains
to Cor. No. 2.
Thence S. 25 degs. 43' W. 42.24
chains to Cor. No. 3.
Thence S. 73 degs. 19' W. 17.0i
chains to Cor. No. 4. -
Thence N. 20 degs. 58' E. 14.30
chains to Cor. No. 5.
Thence N. 35 degs. 21' E. 41.88
chains to Cor. No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing 53.26 Acres in ap
proximate Sections 15 and 16 (uusur
veyed) Tp. 23-S., R. 19-E-, cf the G. &
S. R. B. & Meridian, Arizona, in the
Coronado National Forest has filed no
tice of intention to make five year
proof, to establish claim to the land
abovs described, before W. A. Fowler,
V. S. Commissioner, at Tombstone,
Arizona, on tts 11th day of Decem
ber, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
George W. Parker, of San Rafael,
Arizona.
Lucy Langford, of Sunnyside, Ari
zona. Lewis K. Mclntyre, of Parker Can
yon, Arizona.
Gustave J. Peterson, of Sunnyside,
Arizona.
610 JOHN L. IUVIN. Register.
First publication November 9, 1918.
Last publication December 8, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
027121
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 9, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Joseph
Hammer, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on July 8, 1915, made Homestead En
try, No. 027121, for S.E. , E. N.W.
E. S.W. , Section 26. Town
ship 23 S., Range 21-E.. G. & S. R. B.
& Meridian, has filed notice of inten
tion to make three year proof, to es
tablish claim to the land above de
scribed, before W. A. Fowler, U. S.
Commissioner, at Tombstone, Arizona,
on the 17th day of December. 191S.
Claimant names as witnesses:
George J. McCabe,
Milton Clark, -
Adolph C. Hinters,
Leslie Wilcox, all of Hereford, Ari
zona. 817 JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION
In the Superior Court of Cochise Coun
ty, State of Arizona.
In tiie matter of the estate of Jennie
C. Wright, deceased.
Notice is hereby given that James
F. Wright has filed in this Court a
certain document purporting to bo the
last Will and Testament of Jennie C.
Wright together with his petition
praying that said document be admit
ted to probate in this Court as the last
Will nnd Testament of said Jennie C.
Wright, deceased, who, said petitioner
alleges, is deceased, and that letters
testamentary issue thereon to said
petitioner, and that same will be
heard on Saturday the 7th day of De
cember, A. D., 1918, at 10 o'clock in
the forenoon of said day, at the court
room of said Court, in the Court
House, in the city of Tombstone,
County of Cochise. State of Arizona,
and " all persons interested in said
estate are notified then and there to
appear and show cause, if any they
have, why the prayer of said petition
er should not be granted.
J. E. JAMES,
By jps. A. IVEY, Clerk.
Deputy Clerk.
Dated, November 23, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Laud Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 19. 1918.
Notice Is hereby given that Manuel
Larranaga, of Garces, Arizona, who,
on September 29, 1915, made Home
stead entry. No. 02S436, for S. ? N.W.
Vt. N. Va S. W. Section 34, Town
ship 2S-S.. Range 21-E., G. & S. R. B.
& Meridian, has filed notice of inten
tion to make Three Year proof, to es
tablish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on
the 20th day of November, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James F. Kelly, of Garces, Arizona.
Charles A. Martin, of Lowell, Ari
zona. William Ryan, cf Hereford, Arizona.
George L. Dunn, of Stark, Arizona.
JOHN L. IKWIN. Register.
A Tonic and
Health Builder
Jtiiov 1 I warm : filial o- coli
v lih i leer'1" h? ei,le;Hin tallt).
They pivh ptrpti,::: " i t.rntmt illness.
M'c- lioxe;. ilriiui: i.--f ! or f'-om
1 K' KMAN I.ADlH. A'l ' i;V. P'. t ;e:c';ihi
M.i.iuructtir r. :-'kin.'Tl'3 Ail' r..llvo.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BP. ING RESULTS
Ir
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NLW YORK. Dec. 2. President
Wilson's address before congress was
the one outstanding feature of today s
stock market, trading evincing no pro
nounced trend prior to tne puDiica
tion of the message on the news
tickers.
Interest ceutered mainly in the
president's earnest plea for a modifi
cation of ante-war conditions respect
ing te railroads and that group made
immediate response, secondary as
well as standard shares advancing 1
to 2' points after an early period of
hesitation.
Wall street chose to interpret this
and other features of the president's
message as a strong indication mat
the administration is in no degree
committed to government ownership
of transportation and utilities.
Bankers expressed themselves in
complete accord with the chief execu
tive's views regarding the importance
of determining without delay the
amount of the tax levies for the next
two years so as to facilitate the coun
try's domestic and foreign commerce.
Apart from the rails, the market
registered few changes of interest.
United States Steel and kindred
issues were steady to firm, motors
and oils denoting conflicting specula
tive sentiment and coppers, leathers
and specialties ended at mixed gains
and losses. Shippings were active
and strong at the beginning, but lost
grouire later to the accompaniment of
the report that the sale of mercantile
marine tonnage to this government
might encounter serious opposition
from British interests. Sales amount
ed to 475.000 shares.
The only feature to bonds was the
activity of a few industrial issues,
the general list easting. Liberty
fourth 4s continued to Rag, breaking
to $96.60. Total sales, par value, ag
gregated $11,950,000. Old United
States bonds were unchanged on call.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Dec. 2. The estimates
that 300.000,000 people in transatlan
tic countries were depending largely
on food conservation in the Uni'ed
States to avert hunger had a bullish
effect here today on grain and pro
visions. Corn closed from 1U to 2Mc
net higher, with December and Janu
ary both $1.2Stt to $1.288. Oats fin
ished 14 off to l$i up and provisions
at an advance of 10c to 60c.
Throughout the day, the dominating
factor in the corn market was the
food administration statement as to
the need of huge supplies to meet the
food shortage in Europe. In this con
nection, traders took particular notice
of the avowal that 200,000,000 persons
had been added to the foreign bread
line which the United States was
begged to serve. A bullish construc
tion was also placed on a statement
by the secretary of agriculture that
he could see no good reason for a drop
in prices. Prediction's that the com
ing United States wheat crop would
be a record-breaker failed to exert
any lasting contrary influences on
the trade.
Oats averaced higher in sympathy
with corn. Receipts were not heavy,
and countrv offerings to arrive were
light.
Firmness in the hog market, to
gether with the strength of corn,
lighted provisions. Packing interests
appeared ta lead the buying.
4
METAL "MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2 Lead Spot,
$7.05.
Spelter vSteady. spot. East St.
Louis delivery, offered at $8.45.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2. January cot
ton contracts broke from 260O and
closed at 2475, with the general list
steady at a net decline of 35 to 55
points.
Closing quctationi December 2,
(L. J. Overlock, Broker )
NEW YORK.
Anaconda
Amn. Car
Aran. Can
Amn. Loco
Amn. Smelters
Amn. Sugar
Baldwin
Beth. B
C. & O
Canadian Pacific
Crucible
Central Leather
Distillers
Erie
General Motors . ,
I lid. Alcohol
lackawanna
Marine
Midvale
Marine pfd
Mexican Petroleum
Northern Pacific
N. . C- ........
Reading
Rubber
Republic Steel
Studebaker
Steel ,
St. Paul
Scut hem Pacific
191S
65 '4
S2
43V
61
111
72
64
59
160
5F,i,4
59'
46 U
i9vi :
125 I
99 i I
687s I
27;
44 I
115',4
157
96 H
79 -'s
K5
72 14
74!3
51 I
95', i
47 !
103's ,
W ,
lS2'i :
VAi-t ;
17
t
lull
IS
4
i::'2
20 1
OTU j
4." 1
4.1 V,
::7' j :
20', I
11
,S0 1
i Sinclair Oil
Texas Oil
Union Pacific
v. a. m
U'.iiied Motors
Wcs:inghou.-ej
COSTON.
Adventure
AIIoik.z
A I i) h ii.l
A. Coml
Butte
C. A. A
('. & 11
I'. Kanti?
Ciiino ..
Chile
K. Rutie
i tir tnhv
; G. Can
; Goidfield
, HuneiH'k
1 Indiana
, lie vi'iit'nn
! Kclihei ott
'S
24
7'2
75
7l:'t
LEASED WIRE
Keweenaw
Lake . . .
La Salle .
Miami ..
Mohawk . .
Mayflower
N. Butte .
Nip
Old Doni.
Osceola . .
1
6
2
24
56
34
13Va
8
40
55
15
Pond Ck.
Quincy 68
Ray Con 22
Shattuck 16
Shannon 4
Superior Boston S'i
!St. Marys 12
Utah Copper 77Ts
Utah Con 9
CURBS.
Ari. Blng 5
C. & A 11
Ariz. Bing 5
Big Ledge 1H
Butte & London 17
Cal. & Jer M
Cornelia I"1,
Con. Copper 6t
Con. Ariz 1"
Curtlss 15
Denn 17
Dundee l
Emma 2
Federal Oil 2U
Gadsden 3
Grand Island 15
Green Monster K
Globe Dom
Hull " 45
Howe Sound 4 s
Hecla 5Vs
J. Verde ,j
J. Victor 9s
Magma Copper '30
Magma Chief It
Miami Con 5
Okmulgee l-
Pitts. Jer 4
Porphyry . . .w ?i
Ray Here 4
Tom Reed 155
Tuclomne 80
V. Eastern 4Va
Verde Ex 37
Verde Combn a
Wol. Ariz I'm
West End l',
White Caps 16
Wright Martin 4
OATMAN.
(By Collins & Bretherton.)
Argo 04
Adams 03 '
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R 0;
Big Jim Con 05
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore 05
Gold Road Bon 02
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 03
Sunnyside 04
Telluride 10
Tom Reed 1.51
United Eastern 4.37 ,
Red Lion
.15
.10
03
.05
0 5
.15
.05
.13
1.55
4.50
.20
3.00
.50
.17
1.12
.04
.40
.50
.12
.17
.12
.50
.18
.75
.05
.35
6.25
.62
.56
.12
I OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden .. 2.50
Green Monster 44
Butte London 16
Dundee 1.00
Venture Hill 02
Pitts-Jerome 36
Jerome Verde 44
Ark-Arizona 10
Jerome-Portland
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper 40
Magma Chief 12
Wolv-Arizona 1.87
Verde Combination ,62
Miami Consolidated 02
Nacozari Consolidated . . .
Con. Cop. Mines 6.12
Porphyry 37
Cat, &. Jerome 50
Feather River
GRIP, INFLUENZA
Hamlin's Wizard Oil a Reliable,
t Antiseptic Preventive m
During influenza epidemics spray
the nose and throat several times a
day with one part Wizard Oil and
two parts water, using; an atomizer.
If you haven't an atomizer, gargle
the throat and snuS the mixture up
the nose. This treatment sets up an
antiseptic wall of defense against
"Flu" germs. -
Chest colds and sore throat lead
to grip. Stop them at once with
Wizard Oil before they can develop
into dangerous influenza.
Get it from druggists for 30c If
not satisfied, return the bottle and
get your money back.
Ever constipated or have sick head
ache? Just try Wizard Liver Whips,
pleasant little pink pills, 30c at drug
fists. Guaranteed.
The city of Prescott has received a
check for J5000, representing the
amount of insurance carried on the j
burucd water plant at Del Rio.
DON'T NEGLECT A
RHEUMATIC PAW
Co after it with Sloan
Liniment before it gets
dangerous
Apply a little, don't ruh, let it ti
trctf, and good-by twinge! Same for
external aches, pains, strains, stiffness
of joints or muscles, lameness, bruises.
Instant relief without ir.ussiness or
soiled clothing. Reliable the biggest
selling liniment year after year. Eco
nomical by reasoa of enormous sales.
Keep a big bottle ready at all times.
Ask your druggist for Sloan's Liniment.
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren Dlstxict; giving tiie essentia
facts of each, their meeting nights, their officer aoi the place of gather
ing will he found under their respective headings in thee columns.
BISBPE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. ivi.
Meets every Friday
night. Moose HalL
Visiting brother cor
dially invited.
R, L G LEA SON,
Dictator
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets e t e r 7
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hail phone 113.
C. A. PLUNKETT. N. O.
LESTER EUSTACE, Sec'y.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially InviteU.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C
Fhone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Box 1475
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175. F. O.
E., meets 1st
,2 , " Zf j I ad 3d Tues
. .Hi i-il days, 8 p. m.,
Cdt-vr Eagles" Hall.
Visitors cor-i
Wf
come.
J. F. WILMOTH, PresdenL
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDMUNDSON, Aerie Physician.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 89!, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vich hall. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
MRS. C. C. FINLAYSON,
Foreman, P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent, Box 1496.
WEEK ENDING DECEMBER 7, 191S.
Monda
Tuesday
Friday
Saturday
W. W. GIDLEY. W M.
B. T. W ATKINS. Sec'y, F. & A. M.
J. W. TOLAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. I. M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADNAUGHT
L. O. U NO. 210.
meets in T. O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
era cordialb
invited to at
tend. WM. T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Eox 426, Bisbee.
Chicken Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED COMFY
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE"
A. OWERS. Mgr., Bakerville
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER.
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
1 swwwWAW(AWAW
I CATARRH : !
yVVrrNA of the -J;
V 'j? sole tvrlleMIOY) 1
, S-j,i'-1' nut f v, i 1
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bona Lodge No. U
Knights of Pythias
meets each Tuesday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:S
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially invited.
H. E. WOOTON. C. U
W. E. McCALLUM. K. of R.
3.
LODGE NO. 671
day of each month. Visiting brothers
Regular meeting first and third Frt
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
WOODMEN 01' THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet eTery
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m., Finnish Hall.
D. C. SAXBY. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
Ail Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
meets In Masonic tt&n
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of aack
montn at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43. Bisbi
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec'y. P. a
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com
Phone 16L
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Mtets in L O O F
Call First and Third
Saturdays. V I s 1 1 U
brothers welcome.
S. F. BENTON. Councillor
M. WILLIAMS. Rec. Sec'y.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. f. a
Bisbee Lodge No
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondayt
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vich Hall. Vis:t
ing membeis cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Box 1821.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Ttihir Bisbee Camp No. 13416
juixv tfeets 1st Saturday "
Uedigovich Hall
L L. MOTZ. Consul
JL F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
r
C H. HOGAN
Office Below '
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS s
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAN
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an rst-.mate
on that job on short notice
V
-i- a j m ' f T
us SIX
THE BISBEfc DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1918.
City Briefs
Has any one visited you? Or have
you entertained? If so, call The
Review after 6 p. m. and tell the
Society Kditor. Phone 39.
ON OFFICIAL BUSINESS.
County Engineer Barker was
in
Tombstone yesterday on business be
fore the board of supervisors.
FROM DOUGLAS.
Mrs. T. A. McDonald and little
daughter, Mary, of Douglas, are spend
ing a few days in this city on a visit
to relatives and friends.
WAS IN CITY.
Deputy Sheriff Charles Cross was in
the city yesterday from Douglas on
his way to the Huachuca mountains
wne,re he was called on official busi
ness. ON RELIEF DUTY.
Engineer H. N. Corner of the E. P.
& S. W. with headquarters at Doug
las, is in the city to relieve Engineer
S. Smith, who is suffering from an at
tack of influenza.
TO ATTEND MEETING.
Dr. C. H. Hunt, county health of
ficer, was in Tombstone yesterday to
attend the meeting of the county
health board. He returned last even
ing. WERE MARRIED.
J. M. Martin and Miss Rockie BesU
were married last evening by Rev.
Compton at the parsonage. The couple
came here from Light and after the
ceremony returned to their home in
the Sulphur Springs valley.
VISITING IN DOUGLAS.
Miss Florence Studley, one of the ef
ficient Bisbee school teachers, is
spending a few days in Douglas as the
guest of her friend, Mrs. H. R. Klien
smith. Miss Studley taught in the
Dcuglas schools last year.
HAVE RETURNED.
Richard Ccnnolly and wife, who was
formerly Miss Helen West, have re
turned from Oregon, where they went
several months apo to make their fu
ture home. They will again make the
Warren' district their home.
INFANT DIES.
The infant son of Sam Berat and
wife of O K street died yesterday aft
ernoon after a short illness. The
funeral services wiil be held this aft
ernoon from the residence under the
auspices of the Hennessy undertaking
parlors.
VISITING IN TOMBSTONE.
Ralph Robertson, a former Bisbee
resident, is in Tombstone for a sev
eral days' visit with relatives. He was
recently discharged from Camp Fun
ston, owir.g to a defective knee, fol
lowing nine months' service.
RETURNED HOME.
Miss Viva Villman, stenographer in
the sheriff's office at Tombstone and
the only woman deputy sheriff in Ari
zona, returned to Tombstone Satur
day afternoon from Yuma, wnere she
had been caled owing to the illness
of .her sister, Mrs. Kellogg, formerly
of Bisbee. While in Yuma, Miss Vill
man was afflicted with influenza, but
has fully recovered.
IS DOING FINE.
Miss Nellie CiochettI, one of the
operators at the Tombstone telephone
office, yesterday received a cable
gram from Cecil Costello, who is in
France. He stated that he was in
good health and expected to be able
to jeturn borne soon. He is in the
340th field artillery, along with a
number of Cochise county boys.
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS.
There are undelivered telegrams at
the Western Union telegraph office
for the following named persons:
Claude Harris, W. C. Sharp, J. N.
Moore, care Ben Wyatt; Nellie Burns,
T. B. Cook, Mrs. M. Prodemer, Charles
Edwards, Mrs. Henry Niinitx. Mrs.
Geo. Mclntyre, P. Shelankin, Canz Par
tida, Luz Jaso, Neil Taylor.
THE SUGAR SITUATION.
No more sugar certificates are need
ed by the merchants but this does not
open the sugar barrel to the general
public, who are supposed to limit
themselves to four pounds per month
for each member of the fanyly. There
Free
M
r I tJS n 3 1 kt EJ ii II K VV I
M I HI UHOiTlft. Llm
Vegetables
RECEIVED DAILY
s.
IS.
PURE FOOD GROCER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-16109
n... . . ...... ...... -.-5 j
H ill Kill IMII M HlHMMI l-l-li II trt S I 111 I I 1 1
I
possibility that the limit may bejstrect. one of the bis ore trucks was
d on the first of January when looming down and turned out to avoid
is a
raises
i tho Cuban sufear crop is to be ready
for the market. It has been reported
iu some papers that the limit had al-
: ready been removed but such is not
' the case.
WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
Vance Johnson, chairman of the
board
stone
of supervisors, was in Tomb-
meeting of the board. He and Super
visor Kocir. were present. Supervisor
Sparks is at present away on a visit
to Idao. The usual business of the
board as transacted.
ON ROAD COMMISSION.
Gerald II. Sherman, consulting engi
neer of the Phelps Dodge corporation,
was yesterday appointed by the board
of supervisors as a member of the
county highway commission to fill the
position made vacant by the resigna
tion of Cpt. J. P. Hodgson, who has
left the county to be a resident of
Morenci.
FURTHER INFORMATION
Further advices have been received
here of the wounding of L. A. Engle.
Jr., an account of which was published
in the Review of Sunday. He was
wounded on November 9, in the thigh,
by a sluapne lsplintcr, cutting a gas!,
six inches long and two inches deep,
severing the main artery, and It will
be many weeks before he will be abl
to leave the hospital.
TO RETURN SOON.
C.-W. Hicks yesterday received a
telegram from his son, Edwin Hicks,
now stationed at Camp Funston, that
he would return home next week. He
left here with one of the first con
tingents and went to Funston where
he was assigned to the headquarters
brigade soon after arrival there and
was made sergeant major. He was
in the office of the P. D. company
when he was called.
HAS RETURNED.
Fred Wallraan, son of Maxie Wall
man and wife of Tombstone Canvon.
returned yesterday from Camp Pike.
w.Vre he has been stationed for a
mimber of months. He V ft here wit"1
one of the early contingents for Fun
ston and was sent from there to Pike
to the officers training camp. He
was mustered out a few days ago. He
states that they are being mustered
out there at the rate of about 200 per
day. He will apaln become a resi
dent of the Warren district.
TO BE BURIED HERE.
Elenor, wife of W. R. Costa, a
former resident of Bisbee, died at
Ajo yesterday morning of an attack
of pneumonia following an attack of
influenza. The remains will be
brought to Eisbee for burial and the
funeral will be held Thursday after
noon at 3'clock from the residence of
her parents. Mr. and MVs. James Hart
iu Upper Lowell. Besides her hus
band, she leaves two small children,
aged 11 months and two and a half
years, respectively; her parents, three
sisters and one brother, all residents
of Warren district. A sister of Mr.
Costa is the wife of Stewart Grant,
who also resides here. Rev. Harsh
man will officiate at the funeral.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
An even unlucky 13 marriage
licenses were issued last week out
of the office of J. E. James of the su
perior court, as follows: Ell worth G.
Wellson to wed Arilda A. Moffett.
Douglas; Victoriano Perez to wed Luz
Rao, Douglas; Jack D. Manes to wel
Lela Hardesty, Douglas; Placido C.
Navarres to wed Casmira Valdez,
Bisbee; Frank O. Beaty to wed Pearl
Banta, Douglas; Alexander Williams
to wed Fannie B. Simmons, Douglas;
Howard Kline to wed Mayme M.
Hundley, Ft. Huachuca; Andres L.
Castro to wed Ccnsolaclon Valenzuela,
Douglas; Walter Edwin Allen to wed
Daisy Lee Johnson. Douglas; William
F. Norton to wed D. U Hobbs, Glee
son; James T. Gardner to wed Kate
McGovern, Douglas; Ramon Mabcilla
to wed Josef a Gonzales, Douglas;
Pet3 Samchez, Lowell, to wed Agnes
Parks, Warren.
HAD NARROW ESCAPE
Mr3. Robert MjiUand, an elderlv
voiuan had a narrow escape from be
."B seriously injured yesterday about
noon, when a Fcrd truck, driven by
J. B. Kimbrough, knocked her through
'he display casein front of tie Fair
Store, breaking the glass. Mr3. Mait
land was walking along the sidewalk
and Kimbrough was driving up the
i
hiJ
.S'j I
n i
L? I
r runs an
i
ANGIUSl
another machine standing in the
stfeet and Kimbrough endeavoring to
dodge the ore truck, lost contrsl of
his machine and went crashing across
the sidewalk and caught Mrs. Mait
lannd in front of the machine and
trew her Into the show case. The
glass flew all about her and she only
Sustained a small scratch on one hand.
had a little girl with her, who
escaped without Injury, having been
pushed out of the way when Mrs.
Maitland saw that she was about to
be stiuck. Mrs. Clint Moon was just
behind Mrs. Maitland, and jumped
back to avoid being struck.
BROTHER IS KILLED.
Russell A. Grimes, a well known
local man, received official notifica
tion from Washington yesterday that
his brother, Lt. Carl A. Grimes, aged
26 years, had been killed in action in
France. Lieutenant Grimes had been
in the army about a year previous to
his death.
HAPPY, HAPPY PAPA.
Charles Schroder of the Review me
chanical force, is celebrating the ar
rival of a son and heir at his home
in Warren yesterday, passing out the
cigars to hia friends. Mr. Schroder
already has arrived at the conclusion
that his son is not to be a printer
but is to be a banker or follow some
other highbrow occupation. "Papa"
is in such a stage of joyous delirium
that a little thing like "pi" lines or
other typographical errors don't count.
He is looking 21 years hence when
young Mr. Schroder will cast his first
vote and is predicting that the young
man will be a democrat.
65TH CONGRESS
OPENS ITS LAST
SESSION MONDAY
-ntinurd from Pairo One)
definite investigation of coal condi
tions is planned by the senate manu
facturers' committee. The senate
military committee tomorrow will
start inquiries into al'eged delayed
transmission of army reports. It took
today an inquiry into the war depart
ment's demobilization plans.
The lirst general legislation to
come up at this session will be the
revenue bill, which the senate finance
committee plans to report Thursday.
Republican members decided today to
file a minority report opposing the
plan to fix 1920 taxes and a fight in
the senate and house which many
members believe will prevent passage
of the measure in its present form
Is forecast.
Work on the major appropriation
bills, including the navy measure,
already is under way in committees,
but none of them is expected to be
ready for report to the house before
the Christmas recess as the commit
tees intend to scrutinize all provisions
and pare down expenses wherever
possible.
Immediate steps are planned by
senate and house leaders to deal with
railroad legislation, probably by a
comprehensive investigation into all
phases of this admittedly complicated
subject. ,
Action on the Colombian treaty,
growing out of the Panama canal con
troversy Is planned at this session.
Senator Hitchcock said he understood
the state department now is negotiat
ing a new treaty to substitute for the
pending convention, which proposes
payment of $15,000,000 to Colombia,
and contains a clause to which repub
licans have objected, expressing re
gret for this nation's course in the
Panama negotiations.
Early action also is planned on the
woman suffiage resolution, passed by
the house last January and its ad
vocates have increased hope fot its
adoption.
.
cnviiriAL. UAI3 .
REQUIRED TO
nrrrn -.TTm im!
VEJVlViAri I
(Continued from Page One)
of hours. Late tonight the doughboys
who speak German intimated they be
lieved they would like Treves better
than they anticipated.
In the best restaurants there was no
noticeable shortage of food except for
the lack of bread, butter and sweets.
Soup cost one mark a plate. Moselle
trout a foot in length, four marks;
rurnp steak with potatoes and
ped cabbage eigtn marks; so-called
"apple sauce" containing apples, tur-j
nips and sugar, two marks, and Mo
selle wins, 22 marks a quart.
In spite of the war-time prices, the
soldiers who went to the cheaper res-
! taurants obtained a meal of soup.
meat ana potatoes tor irom live to six
marks. Coffee was served, but it
cost three marks a cup.
BANDITS' TRAIL LEADS
Tn thic; irF Rnunrp.
OFFICERS ARE ALERT
(Continued from Pape One)
the time and was not able to give
the officers much of a description. He
knew that they were all masked and
were armed with rifles but beyond
that he could not furnish details.
Bandits Knew of Gold
It is the opinion of the officers that
me ueeu waa cimiuiuieu vy ume u.iu
I who was familiar with the fact that
Caturegli was going to take the money
i to Naco and that they returned to
Douglas or Agua Prieta. The men j
i may have crossed back into Sonora '
I after following the Douglas road at j
i a point just west of the C. & A. sinel
' ter where a small ravine runs down '
I rward the Mexican line and it would ;
bring them into Mexico about a milea number of government war aeen
west of Agua Prieta. :cies. estimntes are made for the war
There havo been several robberies
in Agua Prieta within the past few
weeks. About two months ago $30,000
was stolen from a customs guard.
Contract for drilling 30 wells with
in the Salt river valley irrigation pro
ject has been awarded.
t
;i f A Tff9 Q QT1 tH CT? Q f T? C Tft TJ?
ltl JiUUU O O U VLrlJOij IJliij 1 U fiEd
F!y Ri-ti-w Iuoeil Vire)
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2. Pres
ident Wilson did not leave
Washington tonight, and the as
sumption wns that he would de
part some time tomorrow for New
York, wliere he will board the
liner George Washington. on
which he and the other members
of t'le American peace delegation
will make the voyage to France.
After addressing congress today,
the president devoted his time to
clearing away executive affairs in
ES
FALL BUI WILL
PERSIST STILL
WAR
where iie is conrined in jail, that he
, killed Vincent Corado. u very wealthy
Approximately Seven and a Italian of TelluriJe, Colo., on Novem
, , t,.,,. , r wt . . , I "r lfJ- MmiPn captured at St.
nail-rjlllion W 111 De ixeea-i
. . "... .
ed During riSCal, Year Of
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2. War ex
penses, persisting in peace time,
but falling off rapidly, will make
the government's outlay in the fis
cal year of 1920, beginning next
July 1, $7,443,415,838, of which $5.
212,000,000 will go to the war and
navy departments, $S93,000,000 to
pay interest on war debt, and
f579.000.000 for continuing the
building of a merchant marine, ac
cording to departmental estimates,
presented today to congress j
Thesp- expenses, compared with fee
$24,539,000,000 appropriations for the
current year, ending next June 30.
with the $1S,000.000,000 which probab
ly will be actually spent this year, and
with tiie ordinary annual expenses of
about a billion dollars before the war.
The war department wants $2,556,
000,000 next year for bringing the
army heme from Europe, maintaining
part of the force, continuing fortifica
tions, and other purposes, and the
navy department estimates its needs
at $2,565,000,000, even more than tiy.s
year.
The shipping board asks $500,
000,000 for building ships already au
thorized by congress, $60,000,000 fo
operation of vessels, $17,451,000 fot
recruiting and training officers ant" i
crews and $1,453,000 for incidental ad i
ministration purposes.
Tha item cf S93.0U0,OO0 as interest-
on public debt, includes provision fo
meeting the semi-annual paymnts on
Liberty bonds already outstanding
and those to be issued inL'ie near fu
ture.
There is small provision for post-
offices and other public buildings and
for river and harbor improvements
Only $1,567,000 is included in the est!
mates for buildings, mostly for ccn
tinuing construction already unde
way. About half of the $19,R70,000
for rivers and harbors is for main
tenance or continuation of existing
projects; $5,000,000 is asked as a gen
eral fund for use by the secretary of
war, and $4,000,000 for flood control
on the Mississippi river.
For congress, its expenses will be
ri7.955.000: for the president and a
few bureaus revolving about him $5.
981.000; for the state department, $12.
725,000; for the treasury and all fs
leal purposes $1,247,515, 0'JO; Panamn
! canal. $12,216,000; interior depa-t
iment and a number of public work
projects. $270.2S3.000; department of
agriculture Sr.G.2S.00n: dTartment
of cofnmerce $'?9.328,O00; department
of labor. $26,712,000; department of
Justice, $14.1S8.000; federal courts,
$1,410,090: for foreign consular ac
tivities. $12,118,000; for Ind:an affairs
$11.9:10.000; and for pensions arising
out of past wars. $220,000,000, the
usual sum bought.
There is prevision in the estimates
for $2S700',000 for the establishment
of a sinking fund, reported perfune-
chop-ltorily In previous years.
In the face
of tremendous debt, however, it is
regarded as probable that congress
now will provide for a real redemp
tion fund with which to pay bonds
when they fall due in future years.
Tilt estimated total of $7,443,000,000
does not Include this Item, nor $358.
S07.000 for postal service, the need?
of which are cover?d aatomatical'.y
by appropriations, but are met direct
ly from postal revenues.
Thit officials count on tile con
tinued functioning of the war rsk in
surance bureau, to administer soldiers
and sailors Insurance and compensa
tion payment is indicated by the re
ouost for $12,367,000 for administra
tion expenses.
The cost of collecting federal taxes
is put at $27.4fi.000 and t.M-i would
be snent largely in the adnvnistration
of the taxes during the calendar year
11919.
i An nnusual Item In the estimates is
Jt20.onn.000 asked for conducting the
necennla! census
throughout the
t'nlled States.
A little more than $.10,000,000 would
be spent by the department of agri
culture in fightng plant and animal
diseases and educational work. For
the tariff commission $400,000 is ask
ed, or twice as much as the appropri
ation for this year.
i iiesniie tie uncertainly oi me ior
trade board. $2.4fi5.0P0; war Indust
rie hoard. $1,000,000: food a:!minis-
tration.' $12,000,00; fuel administra-
tion. fl.500.no0; capital Issues com
mittee, $450,090 and council of nation
al defense, $675,000.
Payments to Holdiers and sailors, orl
their dependents, on account of com-
preparf'cti for his trip. He walk
ed from thp White House to the
office of the federal trade commis
sion tor a brief conference with
Chairman Win. B. Colver. Later
he went to the war department
for a talk with Secretary Baker
and afterward called on Secre
tary MrAdi.o at the treasury 'de
partment. Inquirers were assured todav
that it was the president's pur
pose to name a secretary of the
pensation. or government allowances,
are expected to run to nearly $120.
000,000. Ten million is the estimated
cost of collecting customs and ad
ministrating customs regulations.
CONFESSES TO MURDER.
Pv Roviw I.easeJ Wire)
MONTHOSK, Colo., Dec. 2. Ac
cording to the sheriffs office. Merle
Ldmisten of this city confessed to-1
day to authorities at St. George. Utah,
ueorge last ween, in the alleged con-i
fession he is sail to have
admitted
having killed Corado, stolen his money
and his automobile. Telluride author-
- If i u j hqva hniin nuarfhfna in ftaail
" ,, ,. , . ,
limine I uijuil, -lCcll mai 1U1 V.V
rado's body, but without avail,
misten is said to have given
Ed-
"ie
nnrnnririps ar iienr?- anAcm. n v
.. ... ...
rectlons as to where the body of Co
rado may be found, hidden under a
bridge in the canyon.
I WOULD RE-OPEN PLAYING.
I (T?v R.vtcw Tas"l Wire)
i SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., lec. 2.
: Directors of the San Francisco club
of the Pacific Coast league elected
; tcday placed themselves on record as
favoring a re-opening of baseball netx
spring. There was no discussion of
! tho number of teams to hold mem-
bership in the league. Charles Gra
. ham was named to act as manager.
NEW YORK 13
JUBILANT IN
ITS GREETING
(ContimV
from IVtfe On0
ferryboats which conveyed them to
Lcng Island trains. Notwithstanding
the announcement that no parade
would be held, thousands of persons
lined the streets leading to the East
River ferry, but they were disappoint-
A Nation's Safety
depends upon more than
wealth or the power of its
mighty guns. It rests in its
robust children and in its strong,
vigorous manhood,
SCOTTS
EMULSION
an ideal constructive tonic-food,
brings to the system elements
easily assimilated and
imparts strength and pro
motes normal growth.
Scott' Emulrion baildt up (Ac
weak and fortifi thm strong.
ScuU & Bownc. Bloom tick! . N.J.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
How warming
2500.000 homes
Why?
Because of the comfort, convenience
and economy ia heating with Perfec
tion Oil Heater. Lights at the touch
f a match gives instant, cozy
warmth. No smoke or odor. Easy to
carry about.
Steady, comfortable heat for many hours
on ens filling with Pearl Oil, the ever
obtainable fueL Oil consumed enly whea
heat is seeded no waste.
This Week Fs
Perfection Oil
Heater Week
And now is the time to buy Perfection Oil
Heater. Call on your dealer today.
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
, (California)
- af if k-
PE1
0 3L
J. J. SPARKS, SPECIAL AGENT, SrANDARD OIL CO., BISBEE, ARIZ.
PHELPS DODGE MERC CO., BISBEE. PHELPS DODGE MERC CO., LOWELL.
PHELPS DODGE MERC CO., WARREN. PHELPS DODGE MERC CO., NACO.
STANDARD FURNITURE COMPANY, BISBEE, ARIZ.
AT A I TTPTl TCl Tt A V
lJlUJjU 1 UUl I
treasury and director general of
the railroads before he departs for
Europe.
Au announcement of both ap
pointments was expected tomor
. row. In many quarters it is re
garded as almost certain that the
president will select a new direc
tor general to succeed Mr. Mc
Adco from the present railroad ad
ministration staff and Robert S.
Lovett, director of capital expen
ditures is known to be under con
sideration. cd in the hope -of seeing the troops in
procession across the city.
With the exception of a few hun
dred men. the troops from the Maure
tania were in aviation squadrons.
They were greeted by a committee
frsm the aero club of America, which
rhartererf a ,, nH mer .h M-...re-
tania down the bay. To shouts of
'youngsters in khaki that they were
'icokinjr for a square meal" officer? j
nf fha rlllh Invlrorl tha airman tn 1inf .
o t, nri-,.,tnn: ,,-..,.,, ,
deed, to every passing craft and to of-
ficlals at the pier the soldiers voiced
their longing for "some real eats."
In a letter informing Mavor Hy-
..,. i.i . v. :
Ijcr General Bell, commanding the. de-
"on the unanimous recommendation?
j of the federal health authorities," th
government had decided to keep re-
!...i ., . . . .v.l
MUl IIIK LIUIlUa II I , 1 1 lUHLHl L Willi I If
,
I public ..until they have undergone a
; sanitation process."
I The senior army officer aboard the:
Mauretania was Colonel H. C. Pratt
NewTailoring
Department
We do our own designing and
cutting, also give you a try on be
fore garments are finished, which
assures a perfect fit. Alterations,
cleaning and pressing neatly done.
H. MICHAELS
With Miller's Shirt and Hat Shop
Main Street, Bisbee.
Good baking powder Is essential to
all households, especially the brand
that proved its unusual efficiency
when so many experimental flours
were in use.
Crescent
Baking
Powder
r.uets every de
maud. It is safe be
cause it keeps long
er r.nd never fails to
taie- dough per
fectly.
At all grocers 25c lb.
CRESCENT MFG. CO.
Seattle, Wash.
A Necessity
CTION
! of the air service.
Wounded men brought home on th
; Northern Pacific, It was Ponounerd.
. included members of the 54th infant-
ry, 10th engineers, Gth field artillery.
! 2nd machine gun, 2nd marine, 1st
cavalry regiments and 1st quarter
master's corps.
! Passengers on the Northern Pacific
i included, Frederick Keppel, third as
i sistant secretary of war. in charge of
i army morale, and 37th army officers,
among them Brigadier Generals
j Thomas H. Rees and Charles I. Mar-Win.
Business Locals
CARD OF THANKS
We wish to thank the many friends
and neighbors for their sympathy
shown us- during the sickness and
' .
als for beautiful floral effenngs.
.1 . u , . v. , i . : , M c n.
!44
MR. FRED 3 NELL.
KosenDarger a tieauty rariors
moved to Room IS over " and 10c
, store. Main street.
203
. .
, u kockhills STAbE
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee.
Bisbee Auto company, .:45 a. m, 1:30
tu. Phone Bisbee 5. Adr.
Dr. Playfair. Osteopath, CS Mason
Hill. Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
Adv. 231
L. L. Gllmsn sciis the New Edison.
"The Phonoeranh With Rnul -
I . M CJ &
: - '
Painter and Paper Hanging
Box 150
C. J. BRANDT
Phone 45
Richard Glaze, Oph. D-NT5"
Practice Limited to Ey and Nerv
Disorders.
Phone 156 Office and residence
first house est of Masonic Temple.
Main Street. Bisbee. Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
Dr. Harriet L Jolmsoii
OSTEOPATHIC PHYSICIAN
Diseases of women and children a
specialty. Office over Oilman's
Jewelry Store. Phone 768.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHOrJE 15. OK ST.
Tho Unique Products of the
SHELTONJflOMS
Consisting of
LAPINEX-SEALPLUSH. TRIM
FUR BEAVER CLOTH, YULEX
TAUPE. CROSH MOLE and many
other Fur Fabrics. :: :: ::
All these goods are the latest fot
trimming scarfs and muffs, and
are 54 inches wi,le. : : : :
Priced very reasonable ::'
We Sell .
SILKS, SATINS AND BROCADED
LININGS, by the ya.-d.
TAILORS AND DRESSMAKERS
SUPPLIES
Fruitmans Fashion Shop
PHONE 74 OPP. WELLS-FARGO
MM