n 3
WEATHER.
f Tt T
I t
r i
Arizona: Thurs, Frl.
fair west, ps local
showers east; cooler.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL 21, NO. 63
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, AUGUST 22, 1918
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
4
I ;
ON
FOUR WORM SECTORS
A
DISORDER WEIL
FRENCH TROOPS UNDER GENERAL MANGIN AND THOSE OF GEN
ERAL HUVlEERT MAY COMPEL IMMEDIATE EVACUATION OF
ENTIRE SOMME-OISE SALIENT; FIELD MARSHAL HAIG FOLLOWS
UP HIS " PREVIOUS SUCCESSES ON FRONT OF TEN MILES, DRIV
ING ENEMY BACK AND TAKING PRISONERS, VILLAGES, GUNS
AND VILLAGES; AGAIN IN LY S SECTOR BRITISH ADVANCE PO
SITIONS APPRECIABLY ON FOUR MILE FRONT
UNDATED WAR LEAD, BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS. The tide of
defeat still surges heavily against the German armies in France and Fland
ers. On four important sectors French and British arms again have, been
served, and the entire German front rrom Ypres, in Belgium to Soissons, on
the Aisne, now is more seriously menaced than before.
French troops of General Mangin, operating from the region two miles
northwest of Soissons to the Oise river, and those of General Humbert,
fighting between the Oise and the Matz, have materially pushed forward
and may compel the immediate evacuation -of the entire Somme-Oise salient
from Braye to Noyon.
Farther to the north between Albert and Arras, Field Marshal Haig has
followed up his successes of previous days by a new offensive over a front
of ten miles and driven forward his troops for splendid gains over the en
tire line, capturing a number of villages, taking guns and inflicting heavy l
casualties.
Still farther north, in the famous Lys sector, a general eastward advance I
on a front of more than four miles has been made by the British, who have i
brought their positions appreciably hearer the old 1916 battle line running
east of Armentieres.
Numerous additional villages have j
been liberated by the French nothwest
of Soissons and positions have been :
captured on both sides of the Oise
river which seemingly make Noyon
untenable. That town is outflanked
on the southeast and dominated by j
the French guns from the south and I.
west. On the south the French are
standing in Sempigny, a mile and a '
half distant, while on the west they
have captured the town of Lassigny j
me Kt;y pusiuun io ,oyuu uuu uie
plains to the north.
With the latest advances by the
KLirlCe March Calls Alter
inn v. u 11 it . . ,ii. laugc ui V. i.in i . i .11 u u j
gin's guns the broad guage railway
line leading from Noyon eastward to
Lafere the sole remaining line, ex
cept for two narrow guage roads, over j
which the enemy may transport his!
men and supplies beyond the range !
of the French artillery.
At last accounts Haig was still
pressing forward on the Heels of the ; ,
Germans between Albert and Arras, j
with tanks innumerable clearing the;i
way. The Arras-Albert railway al-;
ready has been crossed by the British ij
east of Bois Lieux-St. Marc and Mer-;
camei. ana soutn ot these towns the;
11 r w uue iias oiren prewseu easiwaru. i'
On the Lys salient the Germans!!
have delivered a violent counter at- !
tack in an endeavor to recoup in part'!
the losses thev have sustained.
Their efforts were fruitless, for the
British have pushed back the enemy
beyond his points of departure.
What is to be the effect of the allied
drives along the 120 mile battle line
from Ypres to Soissons cannot be fore
told at present, but it seems highly
nrnhnl.lp that thi .j, i.., i
f.vuuw.v. vuui, tulliC 11. 111. DIJIJU
must be realigned. This particular 1
menace io the Germans, aside from I
that in the territory between the Som-
me and the Oise. appears to be on
the sector along the Vesle river from
Soissons to Rheims, which from the
war maps look to be untenable. Even
the Chemin tes Dames do not ap
pear to be any too safe for a defense
line if General Mangin presses much
further northwest of Soissons.
FRENCH OFFICIAL
PAWS. Auy. 21 Lassigny has been
captured by the I-'rencn forces, whose j
lines have now reached the outskirts I
of Chiry-Ourscamps, southwest of I
Noyon.
T!:o o'ficial statement making this'
announcement also says that twen'y
vMagt-M have been liberated since ve-
(Contlmied on rage Foury
Baseball Playing Will Be
Part of French Training;
Johnnie Evers in Charge
(By Review leased Wire)
PARIS, Aug. 21. Baseball play
ing Is to become a regular part of
the physical training of the French
army as ?. result of reports made
by French oflicers on what they
had seen of the effects of baseball
on the American army. The re
ports led the ministry of war to is
sue orders recommending the
adoption of baseball In the French
army.
General Vidal Tuesday sent
Cap. 15. Forbes, an American ol-
BRITISH ARMS AGAIN
ALLIES SHORTEN
LINE GREATLY
BY BIG DUE
tion tO Material Successes,
in Picardy, Flanders and
!
Marne Salients
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21. Allied
6ncesses on the Marne, in Picardy
&n& in Flanders have resulted in a
contraction of the western battle
frcnt by more than 50 miieSt Gen.
eral March today announced. The
allies in engagements conducted
this week, he said, have maintain
ed their possession of the initia
tive by making attacks on limited
fronts and at widely separated
points.
At the beginning of the German of
fensive In March the battle front In
r lane uieaBureu unit's
today it Is
less than 200 piles in length and the
latest British gains are reducing it
further, ueneral .March said he was
j without official confirmation of the
I results of the British advance north of
the Scrape and therefore wouli re
frain from comment.
Summarizing the results of recent
operation, he pointed out that the Flan
ders salient had been flattened by the
enemy retiring from one to two miles
on a 14 mile front; on the plains of
Roye the line had been put well back
of the old 1916-1917 line and between
the Aisne and the Oise the French
have carried the line forward four
miles to the plains surrounding the
city of Noyon, which is only four
miles beyond.
Capture of the town of Frapelle in
the Vcsges, the chief of staff said,
(Continued on Page Three)
ficer attached to his staff, to the
headquarters of the Knights of Co
lumbus with the request that John
Evers, the former American base
ball star. be sent to his corps to
instruct the toldiers in the Ameri
can national game. The rekuest
' was graiitej and Evers will go to
the French camps with two assist
ants and equipment provided by
the Knights of Columbus. He will
remain a fortnight after which his
assistants will continue the liir
Btruction.
FREKC
SERVE TO
HIM LAID PLANS
Enemy Grip Less
Steady in Face
Of French Drive
FRENCH HEADQUARTERS IN"
FRANCE. Aug. 21. 'As a result
of our recent victories, the en
emy's grip on his fronts on both
sides of the Oise is relaxing and
on the left bank he frankly is
falling back before the unrelent
ing pressure of General Man
gin's infantry.
Between Lassigny and the Oise
the enemy has been pressed back
. to the line of the heights overlook
ing Divitte. Although the Germans
are still holding I'lemont, French
forces from the west have reached
the outskirts of the village.
CONGRESS OPENS
MANPOWER BILL
DEBATE TODAY
Points Upon Which Hitch
May' Arise Are Deferred
Classification and Work or
Fight Clauses.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21. Congress
,3 Prepared to turn its attention ex-
clusively tomorrow to the man-power
bill extending the army draft age lim-
ita tn nil Americana IS in 4S years of
nep tn nrnvidp thp nrmv nonnTeil tition
-- - - --
to defeat Germany next year.
Debate on the measure will bein
simultaneously tomorrow in the sen-
i ate and house with the passage ex-
pected In the house before adjourn-
ment and by the senate within a few
i days.
I Exclusive right of way was given by
the hoiise today to the measure when
I it was reported by the military com
mittee, with the amendment to de'er
calling youths IS P.ild 19 years of age
j until all those 20 and over are sura-
i monea.
The senate has set aside its three
day recess program to take uo the bill.
The first business session of the sen
ate will be held tomorrow and Chair
man Chamberlain of the military com
mittee, tonight anticipated no difficul-
fy In securing the bill s immediate and
exclusive consideration. If not passed
fContlnued on Pair Four)
AMERICAN SOLDIERS GREETED ASXIBERATORS BY TOWN FOLK
' WHEN THEY DRIVE HUN OPPRESSORS FROM FRENCH VILLAGE
kit
Thii photo is ohe of the most
recent ones from the western front
wher Ihe Americans helped turn
vhe tiilc of battle nirainst tne Huns.
It Bhow3onittofihe jresidcrts of
.'; Kill fr ,a fvi --fy ii
' . .. 2t liir V . . . " ....... ' L . i t 1 . " :
, iiT ...... -S.
I,
I
i
I
i
supreme court Refuses to give thos.
mooney new trial on petition which
charged fickert with malfeasance
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 21 A petition that the trial court be direct- j
cd to grant Thomas J. Mooney a new trial on the ground that his con- (
ii tic n was brought about through malfeasance practiced . by the district
attorney, was denied by the state supreme court here today. J
This was the second denial of the petition, the first havlne been en- j
tered July 22, two years after the Preparedness nay nomo explosion in con
nection with which Mount y was convicted of murder. Counsel for Moon
ey s;:id the supreme court of the United States may be asked for a writ
of error. Mooney is in San Quentin penitentiary awaiting execution.
SHIPS GO AFTER BOCHE RAIDER
NAVY HOPES TO iREVEHUE BILL "
TAKE OR -SINK
CONVERTED SHIP
Former American Trawler Tri
umph Responsible for Sink
ings Off Our Coast, Says
Department
(By Review Least d Wire)
A CANADIAN ATLANTIC PORT.
Aug. 21. The operations of the steam
trawler Triumph, manned by a crew
from a German submarine, have re
sulted in the sinking of four fishing
vessels and probably others, according
to reports at hand tonight. Schoon
ers known to have been sunk are the
, Schnare of Lunenburg. N. S., the A.
Piatt Andrew of Gloucester, Mass.,
I and the Francis J. O'Hara of Boston.
Their crews, numbering eighty in all,
had reached port safely tonight.
A fifth vessel;-the Pasedena, was In
sight when the Lucille Schnare was
sent down and it was believed that
she shared the fate of the other fish -
ermen. although no direct news of her
had been received. Great anxiety was
fiH herp n1r reeardine other vessels
, fjshing nefct to have been
i ...... . ., . . .
- ..... - " -
vi hin inn Bcnno rr inp rauipi-R ai-iiv-i
....... . . . . .... - -
lly... u t,i.j
I lua iiiunipii, un-" "rii luimiira,
! Maine, last Monday for the western
J bank8, was captllred by a German sub-
work of havoc, among the fishermen.! "The committee decided on. at
I 10 per cent deduction as a minimum
WASHINGTON. Aug. 21Navy de-on 'ar P;ofits- T"e Proportion of ex
partment official, toniflht confidently t profits and war pro its taxes
, ri;9irh teiiinn nf i will remain the same, that is. 90 per
thp r.anturp nr destruction of the traw- i
ler Triump-i which wag seized by a j
German sjbmarine yesterday antf
rrned for a raiding expedition against !
the defenseless fleet of fishing tmaeks ,
a
thp rifneleft flppt of flfihina
operating on the Grand Banks. I
The department, though Admiral
Benson, acting secretary, requested
newspapers to make no mention of !
the type of craft being employed In j
Oor.tinue5 on Pago Three)
Scene In Chateau-Thierry.
devastated Chateau-Thierry rush
inp; tftrough the littered streets to
preet the American troops which
.'ove the Germans fleeing from
tb villue. The Ibm guns LaV.
LACKS IN MINOR
DETAILS OIILP HS
House Ways and Means Com
mittee Adjourns Until Sat
urday, While Experts Work
Out Terms
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Aug. 21. The new
revenue bill was practically complete
tonight except for the excess profits
rates which will apply to certain large
corporations, the income tax normal
rates so far as affected by the three
ner rehf itifferntinl nirnitmr unearned
income, and some administrative pro-' on houses in the Warren district were
visions and minor details. The house ' made at Mr. Yoakum's office on the
ways and means committee adjourn- fjrst jay tnat applications were re
ed until Saturday. Chairman Kitchin fl and from the numoer of ap.
and treasury department experts will ..... j -j
work out matters to be nut into final pointments which he has made In ad-
i sj,ape by the committee. t
I ..Tne committee will decide between (
two propositions for the excess profits i
, tax .. safd chairman Kitchin tonight."!
, ..Firstj fan , cent deduction , ad.
, dition t0 th ,3000 speciflc exemption.
- or . ,
u im .1 .1.) lit' I I I II L LdA UII wc-
tween 15 and 20 per cent and 70 per
I . camA avamntlnn and rip.
i pant nn nrmira a nnvo ' 1 1 lit' r rpnt. aiui.
.... ., . 1
second, the same exemption and de-
, , M with 40 npr cent tax on
profits between IS and "0 per cer"
'07 rI(fX
ceeding 20 per cent.
The treasury
in-
cent of business will fall under the
war profits tax.
The effect of the
for excess profits
two propositions
will be almost the same, either would
produce between $200 000.000 and
J300.000.00 more than under the rates
of the existing excess profits law,
which the treasury department wants
unrhanged.
"If there was no alternative war
(Continued on Tage Four)
3 qZKfQOtO
tered dowr. the homes of the vil
lagers and then the German sol
diers forced the womcr and chil
dren to do their bidding. The U. S.
soldicm were hailed us liberator?.
BRITISH SMASH DEEPLY
INTO BELOW'S ARMY
H EARLY
SEVEN MEMBERS OF
CREW LOSE LIVES
AS M0NTAUK BEACHES
(Bv Review I.eaixvl Wire)
An ATLANTIC POUT, Aug. 21.
Sopen members of the crew of the
l"nited States patrol boat Montauk
were lost wheli the craft was
driven ashore by a high northeast
gale on Cumberland Island 20
miles north of "Fernandina at 1
o'clock Wednesday morning. The
body of one has been recovered.
THE FIRST DAY
Word Coming From Office of
Mr. Yoakum at Warren
Shows This Average Will
Be Held Up During Week
About forty applications for loans
vance, it is evident that this record
is to be maintained throughout the
k
' ... . nntrn,,nB. fhp time
Theob W"""1"" "e lm.e
" - 0 e s to be hand-
low tne Iirsi 101 oi nouits 10 ue uanu
led both through the loan committee
and the cantractors as a unit, which
will greatly expedite matters and per
mit of the building of the houses much
more rapidly tian otherwise. The op
inion seems prevalent, however, that
unless application is made at this time
the generous offer of the companies
will be withdrawn that the opportun
ity will not come later. It is prob
able that the offer will be open for
a considerable period In order that
those who desire to own homes may
save, within the next few months, a
few hundred dollars wit'a which to
made an initial payment to show good
faith in the bargain.
When the announcement was made
that Mr. Yoakum's office would he
open from Tuesday to Sunday of this
week, it did not mean that applica
tions would not be received aftr this
time, as fhey may be made at any
time. The Idea of limiting the time
was to accommodate the initial rush
without giving precedence and to ex
pedite the building of the houses. The
man who files on Sunday, however,
is equally at the head of the list with
the one who filed the first day.
The realization that the offer of the
companies is to continue after the
period of Initial filing Is going to
cause many men to save that they
may be able to make a substantial
payment on their home and still be en
titled to ail 01 me Deneius coming
to those who are making applications ,
at the present time.
Owing to the fact that many more I
applications are being received than :
was anticipated, it is probable that it
will be a few weeks before all of them I
can be acted upon and the various an-1
plicants notified by mail as to the dis-
position of their application.
OR
HOUSES
Gen. Humbert's Men Take
Lassigny Which Was Corner
Stone of German Defenses
WITH THE FRENCH ARMY IN
FRANCE. Aue. 21 illy the Associ
Bted Press). Ueiy'nT Humber'sf
troops, resuming their attacks
against the Germans today, crown
ed their present efforts over
fii ult ground by taking tlie town
of l.assiuny. wlilch was the corner
stone of the German position smith
of the Avre river after the fall of
Montdldier. Pelmont. the Import
ant height to the southwest of
lassigny, where violent trusrgles
occurred in April and which bars
EXACT SITUATION OBSCURE IN
GREAT FIGHT RAGING ALONG
THE EMBANKMENT OF THE ALBERT-ARRAS
RAILROAD WHICH
WAS REACHED WITH EASE
TANKS WORK HAVOC
MANY GERMANS TAKEN BY SUR
PRISE FALL EASY PREY TO BRI
TISH INFANTRY, REINFORCED
BY TANKS, ARMORED CARS
AND PLANES
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY
IN FRANCE. Aug. 2X (By the As
sociated Press) 3:30 p. m. Hav
ing smashed into General von Bel
ow's seventeenth army during the
heavy fog at dawn today on a
front of more than ten miles, ex
tending from the Ancre river to
Moyenneville, the British have
made steady progress, rapturing
villages, taking guns and inflicting
heavy casualties.
Coming on the heels of the battle
south of the Somme, the scene of
which virtually adjoins this field, the
blow exploits the confusion created,
among the German forces.
Heavy fighting hi's occurred along
the embankment of the ArberfrArrx
railroad, which, although well witnin
the German lines seems to have been
easily reached by the storming British
infantrymen, assisted by tanks. It
was from this embankment that the
Germans, armed with countless ma
chine guns, fired a rain of bullets but
while they were doing it they must
have suffered severely not only from
machine gun fire but from shells f.r
the British suns moved up closely in
the rear of the infantrymen from their
flank, where the big British guns
hurled in an avalanche of steel from
the north.
As Is inevitable when a battle rages
with such intensity as alon? this em
bankment, the exact situation Is ob
scure, but reports have been received
that the British have broken down the
German reserves when the battle be
have passed through to the eastern
side. Behind the embankment there
may not have been a great force of
German reserves when the battl be
gun, but by this time the harassed
enemy certainly Is rushing men to)
the scene as fast as they can for an
other disaster threatens him.
The battle opened with a sudjeri
crash of guns of all calibers just as
day was breaking. Great billows of
thick fog such as are seen only on this
side of the Atlantic, hung over the
scene. The infantrymen and tank
crews could scarcely see a hundred
feet nhead of them and the fltre of
countless blazing cannon was smother
ed w'th explosions from their niou:hs
rolled up into a continwu deadening
roar.
The foe was mosfc favorable to the
attacking formations, for it effectively
shielded them from the eves of the en
emy and at the same time caused tMe
Germans opposite to believe that the
attsrk was not directly against them.
"The guns sounded a long way off."
said one of the early prisoners, '"so we
ongratllUted onrselv,g that we ere
ot ,0 hp atta,.ked jllgt tnen a tank,
followed by infantrv rolled riuht over
our p08i.,on and , gUrrendered"
Ag ank, an(J men folowed behin l
fhe gweipin, barraRe. the atmosphere
bpcame eypn more ,hi(.k for mivj
, he f were banks of
Continued on Fg Three)
the way for the French Infantry
to pursue the Germans down the
valley. The Orval wood also was
occupied and General Humbert's
men, advancing along the road
from Ribecourt to Noyon. reached
the region south of Chlry-Ours-.
camps.
The German resistance appeared
to weaken during the day. both- the
artillery and Infantry letting down
In the efforts they bad made In the
rast few days to bar the way to
the French positions. TWb
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, AUGUST 22, 1918.
Defends Germany Against
Charges in Interesting
Statement of Ideals
(Fy Review Leased Wire)
AMSTERDAM, Aug. 21. Discussing
German's Russian policy and the
Brest Litovsk treaty. Dr. S. Soil,
German secretary ot state for the col
onies, is quoted from Berlin as fol
io: "
"The German government Is fully
resolved not to misuse the protection
which has been asked for and which
has been granted because forcible
annexation would bar the way now
open to oppressed peoples the road
to freedom, order and mutual toler
ance. ' Dr. Solf was speaking before
the German society.
Referring to the recent address by
A. J. Balfour, British foreign secre
tary. Dr. Solf said:
"He formally announced Great Bri
tain's claim for the annexation of our
colonies and did not hesitate to ad
vance on moral grounds this claim
for annexation. Mr. Balfour announced
the British creed, which amounts to
representing Britain's right to world
domination as 'something self-evident
and morally annihilating Germany's
claim to be a great power."
Declaring that Mr. Balfour's accusa.
tion' against Germany demanded a re
ply. Dr. Solf continued:
"Mr. Balfour asserts that Intellect
ual Germany Is dominated by the mail-
ed fist doctrine. Here' there are 'chau
vinistic jingoes, people who worship
the eternal yesterday and anxiously
'and without understanding await me
"approach "bf. a new era.
, "Before tfeV warnhese people form
ed a small gt&up without political in
f.uence on the government, which
L constantly batted i them. During
the-war. th:r number, increased, not
; because Oh-struggle for German .su-
er root, but because their ranks were
swelled by numerous sober and solic
, itous patrons.
, "Among these are many wno Deiore
Urn war h1?h tripsin about an un-
' fair play in international relations, but
whose political creeo. oroKe ciown un
der the experiences of the war.
"Where docs the blame lie? Nowhere
but in the spirit which animates our
enemies that spirit which is a dis-
honor and hag turned to scorn the
"grand ideal of a league of nations by
a simultaneous, demand for commer
cial war AcainKt Cemianv.
"If I believed that the spirit which
'at present seems to prevail in Eng
land and which speaks clearly in Mr.
Balfour s speech ana wnicn was mani
fested against us in the Pemberton
Billing case if I had to believe that
this spirit would always have the up
per hand in England, then I also would
advocate that the war should , be
fought to the death.
"I am, however, firmly convinces
that before the end of the war cqmes,
an intellectual revulsion must and
will supervene against this knockout
spirit. Otherwise the, realization of
a league of nations remains a VMSiS-P
nar aim. . . n w o
"Mr. Balfour first mentions Bel
gium. How small a part regard for
Belgium plays in the plans of the en
tente is most clearly shown by an
extract from the American press,
which England's minister of propa
ganda, Northcliffe, printed with en
thusiastic approval in one of his pa
pers." Dr. Solf cited a statement from the
New York Times that Germany's at
titude towards Belgium was unimport
ant, as the allies would drive the Ger
mans from Belgium and France and
quoted ' the London Evening News
comment on this that Germany "must
be destroyed by bloody and irrepar
able defeats on the battle field."
Dr. Solf exclaimed:
" Thus speak the protectors, who for
the sake of Belgium have drawn the
sword."
"This is directed against our eastern
policy. To this I reply that the Brest
l.itovsk peace came about by agree
ment between the Kuss:an and Ger
mau governments that the frontier
peoples of Russia after centuries of
oppression should be permitted to live
their own national life, for which
abject they had been striving. This
agreement on the fate of the border
peoples is a fact of world importance
which never can be erased from his
tory. "Not about the aim, but about the
ways and means leading to conferring
their own national life upon these peo
ples did the Russian and German con
ceptions differ. Our conception was
and is that the path to freedom shall
not lead through amarchy to whole
sale murder. Between the first burst
ing of the -bonds and full capability
for self-determination of the border
peoples there lies a natural transitory
period. Until the regulation forces
should co-operate in the various coun
tries, Germany felt called upon to pro
tect these communities in their own,
as well as in the general interest, as
indeed she has been called upon to do
by both national majorities and auth
orities. "The Brest-Litovsk peace is a frame
work, and the picture which is to
appear within is only sketched in
rough lines.
"England forfeited the right ot act
as moral champion of the Russian
border states in their unparalleled
time of suffering. During the war they
repeatedly appealed to England for
help. It was always denied them."
Dr. -Solf declared England's attitude
towards Russia was merely selfish,
saying:
"Were Ivan the Terrible to rise to
weld Russia together again he would
be a welcome ally to England in her
crusade for freedom and right."
"The recognition of th Czecfco-.Slo-vaks
those landless robber bands as
an allied power is the logical keystone
of the singular structure of Anglo
Kussian friendship.
"The economic distress in the terri
tories occupied by us is undoubtedly
great-, but it i cynicism whnn England
laments this, because her hunger
blockade is directed against the occu
pied territories, just as It is directed
against us, against neutrals and
against th whole world."
Speaking of Mr. Balfour's reference
to the improvement in the condition oZ
the colonies which had been taker,
from Germany, he said.
"This means that England conquers
land and asserts that she can govern
it better than its lawful owners, and
from this derives the claim to annex
il. Does the British foreign secretary
know nothing of the decimiation of the
colored populations of the various Afri
can colonies by the entente's action?
Nothing of the enforced recruiting in
British East Africa? Notlilns of the
gigantic armies of warriors and work
ers from the British and French col
onies? "Has he any idea of the immeasur
able damages to the colonial mission
of all civilized races which must re
sult from the use of black armiei in
battle against the vrhite races and the
bringing of the former to Europe?"
He asserted that German was the
only powtr waging war which has def
initely adopted the demilitarization of
MERCHANT Kffili
ON TIME SCHEDULE!
Captain Evans Sags Subs
Contemplate Arming More
Ships as Sea Raiders
CABRERA HAS RETURNED.
YANKS BOMB TOWN
ll!y Ili-vit w I.casod Wire)
WASHINGTON. Aug. 17. Every six
minutes a merchant vessel arrives and
another departs from American ports.
From North Atlantic seaports, there
is a departure every eleven minutes;
and one for Europe every forty min
utes. This rate of operation does not
include vessels in the service of the
army or navy.
The merchant fleet of l."00 ships un
der the control of tne shipping board
are run as railroads on a time sched
ule. The duty of measuring ship's
performances wi;h their tasks is
lodged with the planning and statis
tics division of the shipping hor.rd,
headed by E. H. Gay, formerly dean
of the Harvard Graduate School of
Business.
Obviously, the division must know
the tasks in details, and so it co-cnii-nate-i
wiih the war industries and war
trade boards in determining ar.d pro
viding for the country's needs for
abroad. It works on month to month
schedules or as far in advance as it
is feasible or possible to forecast.
In planning the use ot ships, the di
vision works with the food administra
tion it determining the shipping re
quirements for food; with the war
department in correlating shipping
with the requirements of the line of
supplies to the western front; with
the war industries board in seeking
solution of the problem of bringing
necessary raw imports into the coun
try, and with the war trade board in
preparing the lists of essential im
ports and exports.
As the country has gone more and
more on a war basis, it has been re
garded necessary to limit the list of
essential imports to less than a hun
dred. Dnta on the. ships and their
tiade provides the basis for operation
of the vessels under the shipping
board's control. Likewise, records are
kept of neutral vessels coming to this
I country or linking up with its foreign
! trade. Thus the division cheeks daily
j about 7000 vessel.?, 15('u of them being
; those of the shipping board, 30iit en
gaged directly in American commerce
and 2.r0() scattered over the globe and
trading for the most part with the al
lies or their colonies. Roughly, one
fourth of the merchant ships of the
world are watched by the shipping
board.
Ship performances against tasks are
recorded by "progress charts," which
show at a glance what the vessels
have to do and how they are doing
it. Each set of charts is divided into
ten divisions one each for move
ments of vessels, turn arounds, ships
charts of commodities, individual com
modity charts, summary of imports,
individnnl trader .mnnr.mrv nf rnd s.
j ship charts of exports, performances
in ports, and dock performances. Cop
ies are distributed every ten days to
governments which require constaut
information about the movement of
supplies.
By these movement - clvirts, all in
formation regarding location and
movements of vessels is accessible,
and from pasf records-, due, may fore
cast the time of future voyages.
The summary on shipping and
trade, prepared every ten days lor the
war industries and war trade boards
and the food 'administration, help
shape the larger policies underlying
the use of American ships in war
time. The Charts tell whether the
ii:.v lii'vit v Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21. Six days
spent as a prisoner on a German sub
marine, whieu was so crowded with
men that there was scarcely room to
sleep, convinced Captain David Evans
of the British steamer Fenistone, sunk
by t'le l'-boat, that more exploits like
the arming of the steam trawler Tri
umph are contemplated by the Ger
man raiders. On his visit here,
where he reported his experience to
naval officers. Captain Evans cx-
the
(iiy Kevlew Leased Wlrp)
NEW YORK, Aug. 21. -Luis Ca
brera, formerly minister if finance
rf Mexico. Ju3t returned from a 25.
000 mile tour of Soul.'i, America,
wliither he went last Dei-ember to
attend a conference of Latin American
neutral nations at BuenosAyres. de
clared today his trip would, in an
indirect way "contribute 1o a better
little, and adopted, more or less
attitude of ignoring me. The fac t that j understanding and more cordial rela-
mey uiu not attempt to extract inior ; tlonshlp between Mexico and the
mation from me with regard to the ! i-nited States. Mr. Cabrera expressed
( !- Keview i.ea.s-d Wire)
WITH T'.IK AMERICAN Aii.M V IN
FRANCE. A a-;. 21 (I5y the Associated
I'rtss). American aviatois bombed
F abeuville, in tdo department of .Ma
e;l.e -Et Moseiie, yesterday afternoon
and secured many hits, some of tnem
direct ones on the railroad tracks. The
air aiies return J sately. notwithstand
ing the heavy anti-aircraft fire direct
ed against them.
Tlie bomben originally purposed to
evon
w n- n
crew.
"The l'-boat which sunk the I'eni
stone ana which was my prison for
six days was 200 feet over all and
carried two six-inch guns," Captain
Evans said after telling of thee ir
cunistances which led to his capture.
"These guns were not protected 'from
the water in any way when the l'-boat
submerged. The breach apparently
was water tight and the muzzles were
securely plugged when the guns were
net in action. They were kept well
greased.
"The officers and crew of the sub
marine were young men, determined
and business-like. They talked very
i attack LoiiEuvon. north or Verdun In
movement of ships convinced me that , tne belief that the recent nationaliza- Wotvre, but o i.n d it too misty to
they were well-informed in that di- j tton ct tne 0j an,j mineral lands of make military targets certain,
rection. The food was ordinary sea-, Mexi(.0 would not interfere with pro-1 In Alsace last night the enemy
men's fare. auction and that the allied fleets . shelled a portion of the Americua
mo iian ju!.c . uim uu nujuji j WCU( stiu be ante to ointin an tne trer.cr.es heavily but could not
19. Without any explanation what-! fuel they required at Tampico and : reach the wire entanglements
ever, I was placed in one or Its small ; Tuxpam. At the present time, he i the Infantry attempted a raid.
beats and allowed to go. Evidently , Bai(li tne aliie(j countries did not have
the U-boat intended to make a stay on i hlp bottoms enough to carry Mex-' DIPS POSE A3 COPS
this side, and to keep me as a prison-' lco-8 entire output of and under (Correspondence of Associated Fre.s)
er would have been inconvenient. Had i tta new nlan fie production would; AMSTERDAM. Julv 30. The pos
session of a policeman's or officer's
Charges of pro-Germanism in Mex- i uniform, combined with cool assurance
ico were denounced by Mr. Cabreara,
who insisted a strict neutrality was
being observed.
plained that the submarine carried
men, more than twice a normal i they been making direct for German i D ereatlv .increased.
; waters, i ieei sure ir.ey would nave
taken me along.
'"rhe most disagreeable piart of
n"i y experience w as the absolute laek
of sleeping quarters. The beat, with
her double complement of men, was
shamefully over-crowded and one had
READING IS GUEST
to
IU stirrer n ucicici iiiTrtr- rt ao w n i . i j
stretch out. A lengthy cruise under I
tne comiu.ons wouiu oe lerr.oiy - the Britlsh ambassador to the
ing. even on tne naruiesi. i ,.- fh ,,pSt nf honnr todav
(Vy Review Leased Wire)
LONDON, Aug. 21. Lord Reading.
Lnited
'During the time I was on board the
U-boat, tne deck guns were in action
one time for two hours, butw ith what
results I do not know, as 1 was kept
below and not allowed to see what
was going on."
ships ollocated to a certain trade are
enough, too many or too few; whether
they bring in too little, or too much;
whether they are on time; ahead of
time cr behind time; and whether the
trade movement is too slow, too fast
or just right. The charts also serve
to guide the ship control committee
in the assignment of vessels to various
trade. By comparing import require
ments against deliveries, the charts
show when vessels may be transferred
from one trade to another or released
to the army.
PATROL WORK ONLY
of the American Luncheon club.
Lord Reading said that when he
first visited America in 1915. he found
the country .neutral, but sympathetic.
On his second visit he found America
at war and added;
"Whenever the history of the war
comes to be written as to the part
America played, very high will rank
the achievements of the administra
tion and legislature which passed the
selective draft."
On his third visit he found that pre
parations were proceeding with re
doubled energy. He declared that the
nd a harsh commandnig voice has
oltin enabled criminals and swindlvrs
in Germany to carry out their designs
iu a way that wouid be impossible iu
any other country. A man named Jas
ter. wearing a uniform it!i sergeants
stripes, stopped a cart in charge cf
two soldiers, who were conveying par
cels of bread cards from a printing
o.'fire to the municipal bureau in Ber
lin. Representing that he was act
ing "on orders," he calmly took pos
session of 2'i.000 cards and made off.
while the soldiers stood stiffly at at
tention. Recaptured by a mere chance
afterwards, Jaster was sentenced to
19 months in jail.
SEE SIGHTS AFOOT
TIN HAT SAVES MARINE
! (By Review Leased Wire)
' WITH THE AMERICAN ARM V ON
THE VESLES. Aug. 21. (By the Asso
ciated Press.) Twice today the Ger
mans laid down a sharp barrage over
the American lines between Soissons I events in the beginning of March had
and Rheims, but without affecting ; awakned America.
auy change in the line and without ' 1
attempting any movement or infantry.' COLONEL KILLS SELF
f Patrolling continues on both sides.' t::- Review Le;ied V!-e)
One American detachment waj attack-, PORTSMOUTH, N. II., Aug. 2L t-i
ad with the result that one German ' Col. George T. Patterson. j. t. A.,
Africa as a war aim, and asked if
England was ready to do the samf.
Dr. Soil asserted that Germany
before the war had won tho "moral
rislit to be a colonial power "on the
piinciple of respecting humanity."
IN AND OUT OF THE TRENCHES WITH OUR BOYS IN FRANCE
it? 1 l
-VI
iCcncsiicndeiice of Associated Press)
PARIS, July "(. The case of one
Amtiicun niaiino who went through a
h..;i of siirap.iel and machine gun fire
at CuMigiiy and is now convalescing
from a wound in the great American
Miihary hospital at Neuilly, in the
Paris subui'Ds, seems to have demon
strated that the American field !el
iiKt, comiiioniy ra'led by soldiers, tne
"tin hat" is a thoroughly reliable art
icle' when put to the supreme test.
This marine ow ed his life to' his "tin
hat?" and the peculiar qualities of its
sltel in giving slightly without shat
tering. In the mclst of the action he
went down with a ball striking the
lep of the helmet and pressing do An
to tha p'tull. . He was brought back,
along with the helmet which showed
a deep indention about the size of a
baseba'.l. It was this indention which
had pressed dow n to the scaip, making
a wound which , required trepaning.
But ILere it stopped, and the metal of
the tin hat after giving to the missile
until its force was spent, had stopped
it in its deadly flight straight towar..
the brain. The trepaning operation
.was only slight and the marine was
well on the way to recovery.
The indented helmet was preserved,
liot as a souvenir, but to be forwarded
to the ordnance experts at Washing
ton to show them tiie, good qualities
of their helments. It is said that a
hard and brltt'e steel, which would
have resisted without giving, would
have been shattered to bits by the im
pact and the ball would have gone
straight thro.i;h the brain.
was a member of the seventeenth di
vision. Tu enemy planes were somewhat
more active today in observation and
attack over the back areas.
(By Review Lead Wire)
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
ENGLAND. July 25. American offi
cers stationed temporarily in Englan 1
must make most of their sightseeing
trips beyond the lines of their camps
on foot.
The temptation of officers and men
to visit historic and interesting places
near the camps is great but the scar
city of motor equipment and the re
stnctions regarding railway travel
ble. Amer-
ost guard are
cide here today by shooting. Overwork , at every railway station where there
and a nervous breakdown were given i ia a camp, w ith instructions to ask
as causes for his act. Colonel Patter-' every soldier whether he be commis
son was 45 years oid and had served : sioned or not. if he has the ncces.-ary
along the Mexican border. ' permission to travel.
I was added to the list of prisoners tak- commanding officer of the Portsmouth i make short jaunts impossiL
en back to the lines, where he said he harbor military post, committed sui-! lean soldiers of the provost
COOPER DIES SUDDENLY
(Bv Review I-onsod Wire)
NEW YORK. Aug. 21. Samuel
Brohzon Cooper of the board of United
States general appraisers and a form
er representative in congress from
Texas, died euddenly at his home here
tonight of acute indigestion. Mr.
Cooper was born in Kentucky 68 years
ago. One of his daughters is the wife
of Gov. V. P. Hobby of Texas.
wW2.
9
Regulated.
Whatever Mr. Hoover orders done, I
wc notice there is .vweys enough to j
cat. St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
7
I
8 ECONOMY
TALK
is all ri$ht-
ECONOMY
PRACTICE
is better. M
INSTANT
POSTUM
I
i
D
is an economy
drink absoluieIy
no wasic. Beside
it is convenient,
saves f'.iel and
suar. and. loaves
ncthiny to be
dHn-tvil hi the
wiir ritAvor .
TRYA CUP!
i
i
I
m
:i!t
The public should understand that he profits of
the packers have been limited by the Food Adminis
tration since November 1, 1917. For this purpose,
the business of Swift & Company is now divided into
three classes:
Class 1 includes such products as beef,
pork, mutton, oleomargarine and others
that are essentially animal products.
Profits are limited to 9 per cent of the
capital employed in these depart
ments, (including surplus and borrowed
money), or not to exceed two and a half
cents. on each dollar of sales.
Class 2 includes the soap, glue, fertil
izer, arjd other departments more or
less associated with the meat business.
Many of these departments are in
competition with outside businesses
whose profits are not limited. Profits
in this class are restricted to 15 per
cent of the capital employed.
Class 3 includes outside investments,
such as those in stock yards, and the
operation of packing plants in f :re:gn
countries. Profits in this class are
not limited.
Total profits for all departments together in 1918
will probably be between three and four per cent on
an increased volume of sales.
The restrictions absolutely guarantee a reason
able relation between live stock prices and wliolesale
meat prices, because the packer's profit crai not
possibly average more than a fraction cf a .cent per
pound of product ,
Since the profits on meat (Class 1) rre running
only about 2 cents cn each dollar of s?les -vj i:-;ve to
depend on I've profits from .eap, clue, ferii : .er (Cbs.3
2, also limited) and ether departments, (Class 3) to
obtain reasonable earnings on capital.
Swift Cr. Company is conducting its business so
as to come viihin these limitations.
Swift & Company, U. S. A.
Pi
!'1
glxIJio.uaoa.yest fcoct )btiilt ty, American fighters, American soldier ia liitenins post, and wounded U. L lads!
- " getting smokes, ' - THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, AUGUST 22, 1913.
THREE
flank by their artillery fire the im
portant position of Mount Kenaud on
j BRITISH SMASH
1 VUiN BUtlAJ 1IN 'the other side of the river which is
S ON I; EARLY MORNING j aS
. ; rave were occupied giving the French
(Continued from Page On.) conl1,and of ,he elltire valley of th(J
smoke frcm innumerable shells fired ! south and southeast of Noyon.
for just this purpose of increasing the i , . 1 ' fntiu ,Xt ? ''f? J
.J t. ' . ; the battle front from the Aisne to the
yroi H i1 m p sci ecu.
STAND
HIS OWN FEET i
.. ....
- ?
i
Oise with the aid of the aviators, who
are being favored by ideal weather for
Hying. The airmen have hindered
greatly the movement of the enemy
troops, bombarding bridges over the
Oise and convoys and concentrations
of troops. They also have accompanied
the infant ry in its pi ogress, attacking
the enemy's iulantry with machine
guns.
The German guns retaliated only
: feebly, but there was sharp fighting
ct ario!:. points, where isolated posts
filled- with machine guns and gnniier3
put i:p a stiff battle. At the Ht tie
i shell ruined villaue of Coun-elles. about
! the router of the battle front, the Ger
man garrison made a desperate fight,
and ;or a time the advance of the in
j fa n try was held uo at this place.
; Then the tanks arrived on the scene
and charged into the enemy positions,.
: diiicklv transforming them from
strongholds to shambles. The tunUs
repeated this performance at otii'T i
places in tiie line where the stubborn, ;
I hot lies held out courageously. But j
' their courage availed them nothing ii 1
'the face of the great tanks, dipping in the hunt. It was said that these are
, and out of shell holes and across old inuineious and swift enough to make
j trenches that have seen some of the? the eventual apprehension of the con
war's fiercest fighting, and the smaller ' verted fishing vessel absolutely cer
. whippet tanks and armored cars which ; tain unless the enemy crew destroys
'sped over the ground at a great rate i the hip or attempts to engage one
ion their mission of clearing the way j of the pursuers in unequal com Da t.
tor the infantry, sweeping in at the j offU.ials fiere expressed the belief
; rear oUthe positions from which the toIlignt tnat tne ueraian commander
I enemy was working his guns. , thB llUpr n.nwMmf&. nf hi
; continuing operations for more than
guard, and the 7Gth to 83rd. in
clusive, and the is.tii. S9lh. HUtli.
91st, 9-iid and 9:'rd national
army.
Transportation of troops under the
enlarged military program is de
pendent, in the main, upon the ability
of the government to secure adequate
shipping. General March said. While
the shipping board's deliveries were
! constantly growing, more tonnage will
I have to be chartered and hired to
carry out the present schedule. Gen
eral March mentioned incidentally
that Brazil had given the I'nited
Stales a vessel for two trips without
compensation.
.'!-'. ' Tr-1 1
43-mX& r I
sa I;
39 I!
li
Tne VIve In-IieaJ type eng'.ne P.tm
t..tttii here, iie al internal coniius-ti-ff
n.n$gs, regimes an oil tnt
ho.t't, tti luliic.t.:i qualities at cyl
imltr hat. buns i lean ia the co-n
Lu-i'ift cnar-.b'-i s n1 ;oe ua: with
erhsust. Zcroier.t J.'is tfire require
ments pertrtly. iwn :f ts correct
ly re.'ifid front sviKteJ Laitt--jrtu a-crudm.
NAVY HOPES TO
TAKE OR SINK
CONVERTED SHIP
COLUMBUS GETS ENCAMPMENT
(Continued from Page On)
In comparison with the hauler figtii
j tng it is worthy of mention that at
I some places no resistance of any prac-
tical importance developed. For Hit
(stance the village of lleaticourt was
j taken with only three casualties. One
wounded man returning from the f:i;ht-
twenty-four hours. Some considered
that a rendezvous with the submarine
had been arranged by the crew of the
Triumph, after which the Triumph
would be sunk so that the patrol flotil
las would find it necessary to continue
ing said he went in three kilometers tMeir hunt for 8everai days Tni8 would
I
i
Sidney. F. Osb
re
Does Net Seek the Governorship of Arizona on the
Demerits of Any Other Candidate
His Record Is On Straight
He has made good.
He has kept the f aith
He. knows how.
Osborn Will Be Nominated Because He Is the Best Man
for the Jck He Stands for Efficiency in Govern
ment Economy in Administration He Has
the Ability He Has the Experience
WHY EXPERIMENT? .
O T5 r T t t r TnrTT-ir6,
(Primary, Sept 10)
r
" I
through the enemy lines before seeing
a single l'.oche. This is explained by
the fact that the German positions
were very thinly held at some points.
As to prisoners ther is no definite
information but more than one thous
and have reached the cages and thay
have ccme in from a considerable dis
tance, most of them having been cap
tured during the early fighting. Some
cf the first prisoners arrived at the
cages with handbags and long curved
porcelain pipes. They seemed clean
nnd were as pleased with themselves
as if going oii leave. One of them.
en bfing questioned said he was very
happy to be taken.
A wounded British soldir told of
being separated from his platoon in
the fog, but he pressr.d on neverthe
less and joined other groups. One
s?.id that plunging blindly through the
fog, he ran directly Into a German
machine gun. which opened fire on
him. It managed to get in one shot,
taking off a finger before he and- his
comrades finished off the Germans
with their rifles.
In the forenoon the fog cleared away
completely and the sun appeared and
ever since the battle has been pro
gressing under a broiling sun. As the
fog disappeared the roar of airplanes
increased, the British machines pup
suing the same tactics as at the Socff
me, harrasing the enemy at the rear
aiid strafing the German troops gen
erally, upset, ing them completely at
rt:any places. t
The ff.st litle whippet tanks liad, as
cue tank officer said, "gone out in the
wcKd" and there is no doubt that
are exacting as grent a toll here
, v, , e I, l,,,., i.i n TV, n
! j armored t ars had gone into action also,
; iterating tar torwaru, cnasing me
Lochc from his many lairs and making
'o iick work of those who would not
run.
In this battle the advancing troops
did not stop a moment at thir early
objectives. Several formations joined
forces and pressed on together. Suc
cessive echolons were merged at a
place where the going was heavy. .
Tr-e battle continues with unabat'
ed fury and there is no sing that its
conclusion is near.
B I wiJe wc
g tlicy an
3 ! as they
Hardly a Drugstore in the Land
That Does Not Sell This Remedy
On the Market Half a Century.
"When you are in perfect heali-h,
and are enjoying- a strong" and vigor
ous vitality, it is then that your blood
is free from all impurities.
You fhould Le very careful and
j:ive heed to the slightest indication
of impure blood. A sluggish circula
tion is often indicated by an impaired
appetite, a feeling' of lassitude and a
general weakening- of the system. It
is then that you should promptly take
a few bottles of S. S. S.f the great
blood purifier and Ftrengthener. It
will cleanse the blood thoroughly and
build tip and strengthen the whole
system. S. S. S. is sold by all drug
gists. Valuable information about the
blood supply can be had free by writing-
to the Swift Specific Co., 24
Swift Laboratory, Atlanta, Ga,
COUNTER ATTACKS FAIL
WITH THE FRENCH ARMY IN
FRANCE. Aug. 21. (By the Associated
Press. 4 p. m.) The Germans brought
up reinforcements during the night
and are heavily counter attacking at
Vezaponin, on the right of the Aisne
Oise battle liae. They obviously are
seeking to relieve the heavy pressure
of General Mangiu's men on their
right in the region of the Carlepont
forest. The attack on Vezaponin had
only the lesult of largely increasing
the German losses as the French
maintained their positions there.
Resuming their attacks this morn
ing, the French gained further Import
ant suce-esses, capturing the better
part of the Carlepont wood and reach
ing the OiBe east of Sempigny. 1iiis
advance enabled them to take on the
result, the German officers might
hope, in a large force being held along
the Grand Bauks, lessening the
strength of the coast guard at other
points. The answer made to this pos
sibility is that adequate forces are in
service at every vital point to protect
all ships.
The only dispatch received by the
department today concerning the new
est maneuvers of the submarine flo
tilla was a brief message from the
commander of the first naval district
at Boston. It confirmed the landing
of the captain and crew of the Tri
umph and reiterated the story told by
these sailors, bu hours earlier this
information was given to the navy de
partment through press dispatches and
was flashed by naval wireless. to the
patrol forces.
"The department has taken steps
to protect fishing on the Grand Banks
and to counteract the effects of this
raid," Admiral Benson said. He ex
pressed the opinion that it would be
impossible for the Germans in the
limited time at their disposal to equip
the Triumph properly as a raider.
Such a task, he pointed out, would
take the New York navy yard nearly
a week. With a crew of seventeen
men, armed with revolvers and a ma
chine gun or two, the Triumph would
be able to capture and then destroy
a number of small crafts. The max
imum military advantage the Germans
can hope to obtain. It was held, was
the depletion of the supply of canned
fish for the army.
Admiral Benson refused to place
much credence on the statement of
the submarine commander to the cap
tain of the Triumph that six U-boats
now are operating in American waters.
Naval officials are convinced only
three have been actively engaged. The
acting secretary warned against the
public placing too much hope in stor
ies of German submarines being de
stroyed. In this connection he divulged
the fact that the claim of a British
merchantman having sunk a subma
rine after a long range gun duel al
ready has been definitely controverted.
It was on this same submarine and
several days later that Captain Ev
ans of the steamer Penistone was de
tained after his ship had been cap
tured and sunk.
ALLIES SHORTEN
LINE GREATLY
BY BIG DRIVES
(Continued from Page Ont)
had resulted in the elimination of a
very sharp salient. This operation
was carrlod out by the Fith American
division of regulars, which has been
under Major Ceneral John E. Mo
Mahon.
Thirty-two American divisions
have arrived In France, General
March said. They are the fith. in
clusive of regulars; the 2Gth, 27th,
ESth. 29th, 30th, 32nd, 33rd, 35th,
3Hh, 37th, 41st and 42nd national
SOUVENIRS OF A BRITISH VICTORY DROPPED BY IIUNS IN THEIR HASTY RETREAT
trxrsk
rl : :. : - , - T.T
li
British soldiers with German souvenirs,
The soldiers in the above Brit
ifb. official photo took part in one
"t the victorious drives rain?t
the Huns on the British front.
Koch one brought back as a
souvenir soma urticlo dropped by
the Huns in their hasty retreat.
The collection includes a helmet,
cao. (tas mask and German eagle.
These trophies will adorn the hots
of the Tommieg. Some will be sent
home.
(I'.y Revl.'w I.-;s.-! Wire)
PORTLAND, Ore.. Aug. 21. Colum
bus, O'lio. was chosen today by tho
National Encampment of the Grand
Army of the Republic as the place ot
next year's encampment. Officers
will be electf J tomorrow.
THE COMPANIONABLE WOMAN
ZERLEiNli
The Standard Oil for Motor Cars
It Keeps he Engine Young!
Zerclrne Lt?ps tho engine young full-powered.smooth-running,
ai.J c-;&.io:nical ia fuel and oil Consumption
boc.-.usc it is corrc-'.!y refined from selected California
asphait-l-afe cruJe. G:vc better lubricatioji with less
carLcn. ?;&de in several consistencies. Get cur Correct
Lubiicilion Chart covcrin; ycur car.
At J-j-'ers eve: J:vkere end Standard Oil Service Station.
Mnn marry for companionship; soma
get it and some do not. No woman
who is dragged down with ailments
peculiar to her sex can be u fit anJ
hnniiv romnanion for any imm. There
is, however, one tried ind trim remedy
for such conditions in that fr.mous old
root and herb medicine, Lydia E. Pink-!
ham's Vegetable Compound, and no
woman who is afflicted with displace
ment, irregularities, inflamation. ulcei- :
ation, backache, headaches, nervous-
ness or "the blues," should rest until :
she has given this good old-fashioned j
remedy a trial. It will restore health
and influence your whole life.
Adv. 43
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
(California)
J. J. Sparks, Special Agent, Standard Oil Co., Bisbee, Ariz.
City Dye Works
Cleaning and Pressing
Phone 739
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
Mere it Is
F1 V i
1
vo
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D. I jg
Practice Limited to Eye ana werv
Disorders.
Phone 156. Office and residence
firt house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest method.
K
The Drink Supreme
BRAVO, a pure, cereal, non-intoxicating beverage fills
the need for a non-intoxicating drink. It quenches thirst,
relieves fatigue and put3 vim into work and pleasure.
BRAVO is a drink for everybody.
ffiENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
O K ST.
In Bottles and on Draught
BUXTON-SMITH COMPANY
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
Local Distributors
tHIUMJUlU H4Hltf M''l,MJI ftWJBB
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit Your
Patronag
PHONE 58
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month. $4U ;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
r
Buy Your
usiness Stationery
ulk
In
Why pay extra money for fancy
boxes and wrappings? Get it with
out the frills, cut to any size you
wish, made up into packages, pads
or tablets to suit your needs.
We have a very good grade ot
TYPEWRITER PAPER which
we are selling at $1.25 per ream
(82xll inches)
Also a cod assortment of
Envelopes all sizes
Ruled Index Cards
Mailing Tubes assorted.
Carbon Paper
Blotting Paper, Etc.
Review Job Printing
Phone 39
Department - '
fOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, AUGUST 22, 1918.
published evlry day except Monday by the
stat consolidated publishing company.
CULLEN A. CAIN
..iJditor and Ue.u nil Mimacr
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The associated Tress is exclusively entUh d to the use
for republication of all news dispatches credited to It or
not (unerwise credited to this paper aud aiso the I'.cai
new 4. published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
re also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona.
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYAELE IN ADVANCE:
Per Month S .7S
Three Month3 . ...... 2.25
Six Months 4.00
Twelve Months : 7.50
Sunday (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
Sunday (Our Weekly) per quarter 75
No Subscriptions taken for Less Than 75 Cents
The Blind Harness
maker's Son
Anyone who hears or reads. Judge Sut
ter's speeches cannot help but be favorably
impressed by them, regarless of politics,
prejudice or position. The democratic
gubernatorial candidate makes a remark
ably forceful address, and, while gifted with
the rhetoric "of the orator, he prefers to de
pend upon strong and simple Statement of
fact. He pounds his truths home, does this
man Sutter, and that is a fact. He has that
fine faculty of making people believe that
he believes what he says. This candidate
for highest state honors is accused by his
enemies of being the candidate of the capi
talists and the interests. But the facts show
that by birth, training and all the expe
rience arid predilicitions of early manhood,
he is more nearly the workingman's candi
rate than is Colter, the man who poses as
the enemy of capital and the friend of the
workers. Sutter's father was a blind har
nessmaker. Sutter worked from child
hood Tor his living and his schooling. He
worked in the mines to earn money to read
law. And in the end his unusual qualities
of heart and mind won for him a fair suc
cess in his profession. As he tells this story,
and as he states his aims and ideals and
binds himself to certain promises, he surely
wins the friendliness and 'admiration, if
not the votes, of all real men and women
who hear him. He talks straight out. " He
fears no issue and dodges none." He" caters
to no class or mass. - He has both the cour
age and the ability to impress thoughtful
people. As a campaign speaker he ranks
by himself in this primary election affair
and by sheer force of character and frank
ness and fearlessness is bound to add large
ly to his following in any crowd and in any
community. Regardless of politics, feud or
faction, Cochise county may well be proud
of her candidate for high state office as he
goes forth upon the platform and upon the
stump of Arizona.
THE CONVICTION OF THE I. W. W.
(From The Tucson Citizen.)'
About a hundred members of the I. W.
W. who have been on trial at Chicago for
some months past, have been found guilty
of violating the laws of the United States.
It will be a relief to all patriotic citizens
to know that the law is reaching out and
getting the members of this treacherous
organization which has been preaching de
struction and sabotage and throwing every
obstacle possible in the way of the nation
in winning the war.
The verdict at Chicago means that the
nation will not stand for any interference
with the conduct of the war, and that trait
orious organizations are to be put out of
business.
We, in Arizona, have a duty to perform.
A number of the defendants in the Chicago
trial were arrested in this state when they
represented the organization. Among these
were the notorious Grover Perry and Chas.
McKinnon, with whom Governor Hunt
had his pitcure taken at Columbus. This
photograph showing the governor standing
between these two defendants, was repro
duced in this newspaper and readers of The
Citizen will remember it. Another of the
I. V. V defendants at Chicago was A. S.
Embre. one of the principal witnesses in the
Bisbee deportation cases. The I. V. W. is
by no means a dead letter in Arizona. It
is still recruiting members, as was recently
shown in these columns. It is still a politi
cal factor in the state and machine politic
ians arc bidding for its support.
The duty of every patriotic voter in the
elate is to put in his ballot against all caudi-
dat
i
cs wno r.r:
truckling to the wobblies and
rr.d fur all time the political influence of j
:ht cra-ization among the state office- j
hfcldcrs. I
One after another the allied strokes fall
on the dazed and disheartened Germans on
the western front. Following the French
blow between Soissons and Noyon Sunday
came a second blow in the same spot that
now seems to have yielded a six mile gain in
a vital sector. Then came the British blow
of yesterday north of Albert that ha3
gained at least three miles towards Bau
paume. This last advance places Albert in
a pocket and will surely force a retirement
from that stubbornly held line and it will
also threaten seriously the northern end of
the hardly held Chaulnes line. Foch is
flanking the Prussians in his drive from
Amiens. Stepped by desperate" resistance
in the center, he has gone around the ends
He struck straight eastward from Amiens
at Peronne and Ham. The Germans threw
in their reserves regardless of cost and
stopped him after a ten mile advance. Then
he began to gnaw at Noyon. He turned
his attack southward and took Montdidier
and cut in south of Roye and then cutin
again south of Lassigny. Then he struck
still further south and is working up toward
Noyon from that direction. The British ad
vance upon Baupaume marks the flanking
movement to the north. Both are directed
at the Chaulnes-Roye line that alone keeps
the Prussians from retreating to the old
Hindenburg line. Pressure, unceasing
pressure, that is what Foch is subjecting the
German armies to, world without end, for
ever and forever, amen !
London, Paris, Washington, Rome, Ber
lin, and Vienna, all have their ears to the
ground anxiously listening for the latest
news from dark, mysterious and mangled
Russia. And but little real news comes
from there. Each nation seeks to place its
hand upon this nation, this corpse, and have
it rise and fellow him. That the bolshe
vik maniacs and traitors totter to their fall
is pretty certain. Now comes the question
if there are enough brave and capable and
energetic and patriotic men in Russia who
will move quickly enough to the aid of the
gallant Czheco-Slavs and allied expedition
ary force to keep the Germans from siez
ing the country, bag and baggage. It looks
like the race will be nip and tuck. Armed
intervention by the allies was delayed too
long. All depends upon the size of the Jap
anese forces and the speed with which the
little brown island men are moved "to the
heart of the trouble zone. With the strain
tightening every day on the western front
the Germans cannot bring reinforcements
to the east. They are depending now main
ly upon released German and .Austrian
prisoners to aid the bolshvik to hold and
exploit their Russian conquests. A real
union of loyal Russians with a considerable
allied force may well mean a world of
trouble to Germany in the far east even this
year.
Think of it! Forty applications in one
day to build houses in Warren. Do you
know what that means, Mr. Citizen and Mr.
Taxpayer? It means an investment of over
one hundred thousand dollars in homes in
your community. Forty houses in a day!
And the rush of applications has only be
gun. It would seem that at last the desper
ate shortage of houses'in the district will
soon come to an end for good and all. The
decision of the mining companies to help
their employes build homes promises to be
the moat beneficial of the many beneficent
moves of these companies in the past and
the most far-reaching in its effects. The
only way any one can really and truly and
permanently help a man is to help him to
help himself.
What has become of that hoary and time
worn prophecy that Austria, long on the
brink of a revolution, would fall? Only
last week the Austrian ruler, Karl the Sim
ple, met his master, Wilhelmn the Wild,
and kissed his hand and renewed his allegi
ance to the Berlin throne and reached cer
tain agreements regarding German and
Austrian princes for thrones in the various
conquered Russian provinces. An Austrian
offensive, even, is expected against Italy,
as a result of this conference, and Austrian
divisions have been promised for the west
ern front.
We are reciving news by the ten out of
Germany since those two smashing blows
on the Marne and the Somme. This column
read all of it with the salt shaker in its
good right hand. Merely a preliminary to a
peace propaganda which is more danger
ous now than anything else the beaten
Germans can do. Let every good man and
true keep before his eyes those shining
words of Lloyd George, spoken just the
other day: "Hold fast!"
i DEFEAT TIDE
I RAGES HEAVILY
! AGAINST GERMANS i
Continued from Page One)
TIIE "IMPUDENT AUDACITY" OF THOSE YANKS I
l r.ay n!id tii.it tuc frencii have ad-
! vanned about live miles at certain
i .''Oir.ts.
The text cf the statement reads:
' ' I'ctwcen ti;c Mutz and the Of ie the
I r-.cmy, dt spite his resistance, gave i
i v. t-y ur.3.r the cr.err.etic thrust of our
itio r.s, and Lissigny fell into, our
ihnr.dii.'
i ' Further south we gaineJ a footing
in Ilemr.nt and occupied Crval wood;
I we carried our lines to the outskirts
j of Chiry-Ourseamps.
! ' Enst of the Oise our troops ccntin-
ii' d the'r fuc ress dvvlng the course of
the dav. On the left Carlepont wood
"r 11 into e'T power and we reachei the
Use to the east of Noyon between
Semplgny and Pontoise.
"Further rest we crossed the road
bctv-eon. Noyon and Coucy-LeChatea'i. I
We toc-ok Cameitn-Et-L?-Kresne and
Elerintourt and advanced our lines to!
:he o.-itsklrts of St. Aubln.
"Since yesterday we have liberated
)!-' twenty village and advanced
eight kilometers at certain point3."
BRITISH OFFICIAL
LONDON. Aug. 21. The British at
tack launched this morning on a front
of ti'n miles frcm the Ancre to the
neighborhood of Moyenville has been
successful on the whole of the front,
according to Field Marshal llaig's
communication from headquarters to
night. The enemy's positions were deeply
penetrated and a number of prison
ers were taken.
"A number of villages were captur
ed during the day, and a strong Ger
man counter attack west of Achlet-Le-Petit
was repulsed. The text of the
communication follows:
'An attack launched this morning
oa a front of ten miles from the Ancre
to the neighborhood of Moyenneville.
was successful on the whole of the
front. We penetrated deeply into the
positions of the enemy and have tak
en numbers of prisoners.
"In the opening assault, under a
mist, we captured the villages of
Ifeaucourt Sur Ancre, Puisieux Au
mont, Kucquoy, Ablainzevelle nn 1
Moyenneville. Afterwards we con
tinued our advance to the neighbor
hood of the Albert-Arras railway, cap
turing Acaiet-Le-Potit, the Logeast
wood and C'oucelles.
"West of Achiet-Le-Petlt. a strong
counter attack was repulsed.
"East cf the Ancre our line renched
between Bois Lleux-St. Marc and Mer-catel."
GERMAN OFFICIAL
HEREIN (via London). Aug. 21.
Nar Netif Hcrutiia and Merville anl
ii.ivi of the Lys," says the official re
rrt from headquarters today "infant
ry detachments which had been lelt
Lehind In the fore.'ield of our new lines
teat back several British thrusts and
;ar:ia! attacks."
"In these engagements our machine
gira.i and artillery inflicted consld3r
able losses on the enemy.
"There have been infantry encount
ers cn both sides of the Scarpe and
ncrth of Ancre.'"
GERMAN EVENING OFFICIAL
BERLIN, via London. Aug. 21.
The war office communication issued
this evening says:
"In Flanders there hav been partial
engagements wast of Kemfnel.
"Ncrth of the Ancre strong English
attacks, launched on a wide front in
the direction of Baupome broke down
with heavy losses.
"A renewed French attempt to
break through between the Alsne and
the Oise failed.
"Northwest of Roye a division, con
sisting of guards and lower Saxon re
serve regiments which since August
9 has been fighting at the foci of the
battle, beat off renewed strong enemy
attacks. During the thrust which it
made into the enemy's lines we cap
tured prisoners.
"Between the Avre and the Oise the
artillery duels increased in the after
noon to great intensity. On both sides
of the Crapeaumesnil and north and
south of Lassignq and the heights
southwest of Noyon the enemy several
almes advanced in strong attack The
attacks broke down under our fire or
in counter attacks..
"On the battle field between the
Ancre and the Avre, according to the
reports of our troops, since August 8
more than 500 of the enemy guns
have been taken or been destroyed by
the effect of our fire.
"Between the Oise and th Aisne a
renewed attempt by the enemy to
break through, which had been ex
pected for some days and which had
been preceded on August IS and 19 by
enemy attacks, began yesterday. Aft
er the strongest increase In the fir
ing, white and colored French troops
supported by numerous tanks, attack
ed In the early morning in deep forma
tion on a twenty-five mile front. They
penetrated our front lines in places.
"Toward midday the first assault of
the enemy into our fighting positions
on the lino of t'arlopont, south of Ble
rancourt,. Vezaponin and Pommiers
was broken. Strong counter attacks
by German chasseur regiments drove
the enemy who had been thrusting
forward for a time on the Juvigny
ridge back to Ilieuxy.
"The French continued their bitter
attacks until late in the evening vrhen
they ocllapsed on the wholo of the
front under the fire of our artillery
and partly in counter thrusts."
REVENUE BILL
LACKS IN MINOR
DETAILS ONLY
I f I T-- 1 .J I . A
li tin 'Z?rri KQS I .v 11 .X-Z Z7 - I U A- 1
W7 .S IT. I? . . " w fJV.?&. I
wmm v
ta n
SUHH
?l i3i i n
, JULIO
13
the hiaud'jnburg thoroughness and en
ergy are forces which know how lo
find victory.
" Take the enemy everywhere you
iinl him firmly in hand, ife shall
iig;:iu and again know that he cannot
break through the Brandeuburg lines.
May t; d heip you."
profits. To take care cf the smaller
corporations, the committee has
adopted a limitation that excess
profits or war profits tax. cn corpora-!
tions whose capital does not exceed
f J5.000 shall in no case exceed T3 j
per cent of its total net income. On I
corporations not exceeding $5'.000
capitalization this maximum s.all be
iQ per cent of net incomes."
Chairman Kitohin estimated that the
excess profits and war profits tax will
raise approximately $:,000,0()0,000,
based on the year 1917.
The committee lias retained the
tietinitlon or invested capital practical-' at u:n o clock last night, according sent to all sections of this country,
ly the same as in the existing law, j to reports received at 1:30 o'clock this i Most of the Mexicans who are coine
Chairman Kitchin said. The trcas- mcrning over railroad wires to Sioux ; tc paints east of the Mississippi are
ury is worKing out a provision tor ine
differential against unearned incomes.
EASTERN RAILROADS PAYING
I LATIN LABORERS $3.25 DAY
rty Itovicw I.euml Wtrei
SIOl'X CITY. ia.. Aug. 22. Thir
teen persons were killed and many j Mexican laborers, who are crossing
business houses were wrecked by a into the United States in large num-
tornauo mat pisited Connors, Minn., jl.tr at the present time are being
CONGRESS OPENS
MANPOWER BILL
(Continued from Page Ons)
City. I from Southern Mexico, and there Is no
Mcst wf the 13 bodies recovered are rtmord of any laborers having ben
said to have been removed from ah os- sent "rom Sonora to do work in the in
pital that was destroyed. terior of the United States. It is be-
Aid was rushed to Connors by spec-jHeved that Arizona and California
ial trains from Pipestone and Ruth-can utilise ail the workers who mJy
ven. Physicians have gone to the I come across the line at Douglas and
DEBATE TODAY stric'!en tw'n from neighboring points, ' entry ports farther west. A great
the reports stated. imany workers have been rocured by
Ccncrs had a poulation of about the New York Central and other east
1500. The latest report said it had J em railroads from Chihuahua and Coa
practically ben wiped out and that it fci'i'a. These men wil be returned to
was believed there were many dead I Mexico at the close cf the war, it is
in the ruins of buildings not yet j
searched.
before next Monday when the national
prciiibition measures would becomci
privileged, the bill probably will- be
held before the senate until passed,
prrlvibition leaders have agreed to lay
their measure aside temporarily, pas
sage of the bill by an overwhelming
vote in both houses with the age lim
its of 18 and 45 unchanged, is deemed
certain in all quartf rs. The only seri
ous controversies expecteJ are ovor
"the work or fight" amendment of the
senate military committee and the
hcuse committee's amendment post
poning service for boys IS and 19.
une.erstoJd.
The eastern railroads have made a
ipecial study of Mexican labor an
bave made every effort to treat the
Mexicans brought from their own
TORNADO WIPES TOWN
OFF MAP: MANY ARE
THOUGHT TO HAVE Dl ED I country in the best possible manner.
C leur. sanitary quarters are provided
REORGANIZE BATTALION
(fnTUIniiM from Pa ire On)
CAMP KEARNY, San Diego. Cal..
Aug. 21. Sweeping reorganizntion of
the development battaiion here, the
basic steps in which were taken today,
stripped theo rganization of till sol
d'ers attached to it except those in
need of special mental or physical
training to fit them for military serv
ice. Heretofore the development bat
talion has been a receiving Ktati'.n
for all recruits and casuals in tills
camp.
Under the new arrangement a cas
ual company cares for regular duty
mn not definitely attached to other
units, and a recruit company cares for
other incoming men. The recruit
crmpanv is under Captain II E. Ans
ley, a Colorado officer, who com
manded it before its absorption into
the development body home time ago.
The five companies of the old devel
opment battalion structure remaining
after the changes were consoldiatrd
Into four, each of which has special
routine, adapted to its particular
needs.
I lasses have been organized for
tin se who cannot speak English, many
of whom are Spanif'i-spea'ting sol
diers from New Mexico, vrlunfeers
who are eager to serve their country
abroad, but are temporarily debarred
by their language limitation. Citins
these New Mexicans as an example of
one type in need of devel ipment, of
frors of the battalion failed Miem fine
soldiers, said there was little doubt
they soon would attain sufficient pro
ficiency in English to receive places
in some regiment. Men who speak
Spanish and Kngli.-h ar lo aid in in
structing them.
(F!v Revt-w l.ehsrtl Wir
SIOUX CITY.- ia., Aug. 22. A
messjig received at the train dis
patchers' office of the Great Nor
thern railway here at 1:30 o'c'ock
this morning reports the town of
Connors-ln Itasca county wiped
out -by-a tornado. N--ar!y every.
builJing in the town was wrecked
including the hospital.
The message came from Lind,
Minn., six miles'distant from Con
nors. Many persons are believed
to hav ut their lives.
KAISER TALKS SOME
with shower baths and iron bedsteads
are furnished. The wages rai.l by the
eastern railr's atrage $3 2 a day
for track laborers, the highest prie-e on
record for such work. The transporta
tion of the men is free, their meals to
net cost them more thaa 53 cents a
day and no charge is made for their
quarters. As the advantage of work
in fcr the Amfriean railroads is be
conlng known throughout Mexico,
there is an ever-Increasing flow of !a-
borers toward the border and it is b
lieved that the railroads soon will have
j all the workers they need.
Cl'v UpvIpw Leased Wiro
AVSTTRUAM. Aug. 21. The Ger-!
man emperor "witnessed maneuvers in I
GONE; NOT FORGOTTEN
ing.
' It is p speciai pleasure to me to
siil in on its maneuvering ground the !
ifraiidi nbirg chasseirr battalion whos I
name is highly esteemed in the entire I
1'rniy. The Brandenburg spirit in its '
NEBRASKA RESULTS.
(! It. vi.-n t x,l "'tic i
LINCOLN. Neb. Aug. 21 - lefinil"
results on' Tuesday's utaie wide pri
mary election were indicated in re
turns received up to midnight lo-
prefits lax. this excess prolits plan
would prod'i'o tsnn.ono.O'M) or $!MI0.
(MtO.doO more than (ho present excess
profits law.
"The committee roeidod on a flat
ID )(.r oeut in I n i in '.) ill deduction lor
pi r-w::r earnings in computing the
ar p relit.) lax. A proi ision affect-; ni(.lit John II. Mnrelicad. democrat.
! iug t iirporat i i in k with swollen profits. ami George W. N'orris. republican, in
jur protit:: tax. was adopted. Thi-i utnbeiit. are the liomieei s for l'n:ied
provision liir-w ts tiiat any corporation j Slates senator.
I hose capital exceeds M.'Hio.Ouo oot) j Keith Neville, democrat, incumbent.
; shall pay a tax of at least 10 per j and Samuel R. MiKeUie. are noun
cent of its net Income as excess uated for governor.
(H- Review Wire)
LONDON. Julv . Gone, never to
Ardennes Wood b the Hrandenb irg return, are the 'cheap pre-war prices
chasseur battalion ami aU'Twards ad- j of c0thes. That is the view of an
dress, d the solde rs. if t quoted by expert writing in a British trade pub
his spe. ia! correspondent. Karl Ros-: Nation, and he predicts angther rise
nor, in me i.ohai jvnzeiger as iouow- SOen.
Every shot fired from a 12-inch gun.
he says, uses up half a bale of cotton,
and in three minutes a machine gun
will squander a full bak.
The price of woolen cloth today is
from two and three-nuartnnt tn thrian
!ro-n vnacity and loyalty makes ex- j timej greater than it was in July. 1SII.
Kinphiry sohii'-rs and as such the B-an-1 Unen prices this year, it is stated.
jonDurgers nave always proved them- probably will keep at least 33 1-:
selves and only recently in the groat cent above those of 1917.
halt e in r ranee, whire they carncu j
fre.,h laurels. j Kingman: The Arizona Buna Mines
' Tor some time the battalion c.as ' company has been ree-entlv rxumtned
been put at secial work and shall by Stuart Croasdalo. The value of the
become ti e instructor in fighting in ore !s in lead. zinc. gold. Tn-J prop
moiicrn battle. Every fresh battle ex- erty is a very promising one. hut the
pirhnco, every new fighting nuithod only way it can ho mined profllaoly is
shall heru be taken up and worked out by a deep tunnel. '1 he tunnel will nut
fcr the benctit of the army. only develop th main Vein on the
'The Idea of the entire task shall property but it will kisU develop vatu
fill the individual fighter and bat tat- ( able tributary eius.
'ens vitii spirit and e:t, rency and the n
dial! be transmitted to my whole in-1 Pr.tatonia Hith Krade Ic.i.d 0r has
fantry. The old p.randenhurg spirit, b in uinover-d in the Dixie mines.
pe:
Sir Walter Raleigh's Creditors
wee growing insistent Mis poker debts
were c:i'rnu us. The situation was serious
His g t4l !uiii the muddled chas which
lint n Horning hud saved v)uccn Kliaheth
a public footbath. "I'll pay I he hlooiiunz
hli:;!:lds!" lie chuckled. Next day h dis-po-ed
of the gin moot for a lidy sum to a deal
er ia rein s throor'i an Ad in The Review Class
ified t I'lOIUl'.S. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, AUGUST 22, 1918.
FIVE
U. S. Army and Marine
Casualty List Day by Day
The Review is in receipt of casualty lists as they are issued by the
war department to The Associated Press. Owing to a lack, of space, it has
been determined to publish only the complete list of those killed or miss-
ing and a regional list of wounded, including Arizona, New Mexico and
Texas.
KILLED IN ACTION
Maj. James A. McKenna, New York,
X. Y.
Lt, Ray C. Dickop, West Bend, Wis.
Sgt. William lovle, Sieubenville,
Ohio.
Sgt. Harry K. Kendall, Shenandoah,
Iowa,
Wagoner Edward Mauley, Weed
sport, N. Y.
Cpl. John J. Kane. Jersey City, X. J.
Privates
Walter E. Akeley, Port Angeles,
Wash.
Roth Bantkowski, S. Chicago, Ills.
Harvey Andrew Gullickson, Neenah,
Wis.
R. D. Hilt, Lafayette. Ind.
Anton F. Kersher, Forestville, Wis.
Howard L. Xidle. Great, Falls, iiont.
Charles Rodel, New York. N. Y.
Denis Strong, Tunkhannock, Pa.
Frank A. Block. Milwaukee, Wis.
Clarence L. Carter, Rochester, N. Y.
Joseph, Cloutier, Schenectady, N. Y.
Harold Davie, Watson. W. Va.
Clarence R. Gold, Huntsville, Aia.
George R. Norris, Indianapolis, Ind.
Curtis J. Wilson, Hawley. Pa.
Benjamin Cardosi. Galloway, Ohio.
Albert S. Grant, Butler, Pa.
Glenn I.. Howard, St. Paul, Minn.
DIED OF WOUNDS
Sgt. Patrick Bell.
Cpl. Sidney Kelly, Oketo, Kas.
Privates
Claud T. Annis, Adrian, Mich.
Henry J. Boeckner, Plymouth, Xebr.
Luke Box, Hazen, Ark.
Earnest Divine, Waddy, Ky.
Frank Korejcek, Chicago, 111.
Finn L. Nelson, Bristow, Xebr.
Philip M. Paulson. Beach, N. I).
DIED OF DISEASE
Cpl. Lloyd E. Brown, Lynn, Ind.
Pvt. Patrick Daniel Litton, Potosl.
Mo.
WOUNDED SEVERELY
Privates
Lewis P. Carlisle, Lomenta, Texas.
MARINE CORPS CASUALTIES
Killec'in Action
Sgt John H. Cobeldick, Forgan,
Okla.
Cpl. Earl P. Casner, Carthage, Mo.
Pvt. John H. Corbet, Chicago, 111.
Pvt. Carl J. Dittman, Woodstock, 111.
Arthur C. Still, Tacoma. Wash.
Died of Wounds Received in Action
Cpl. Joseph E. Bush, Fairplay, Mo.
Missing in Action
Lt. Fred W. Norton, Columbus, Ohio.
Lt. A. M. Roberts. Birmingham, Ala.
Cpl. W. H. Keirsey, Philadelphia. Pa.
Bugler James J. Heney, Philadel
phia. Pa.
Wagoner Edmund C. Meyer, Phila
delphia, Pa.
Privates
Guy Crawford, Colson, Ky.
Domenico Di Cicco, Philadelphia,
Pa.
w
, Ambrose X. Dufner, Philadelphia,
j Pa.
Harry Dunkel, Knox, Pa.
Kdward H. Flory, York, Pa.
Walter H. Gabel. Philadelphia, Pa.
Raymond H. Gibbons, Dunmore, m.
William F. Bonn, Scranton, Pa.
Max Borland, Philadelphia, Pa.
Harry Boxman, Philadelphia. Pa.
Watson Anstine Bradley, Moores
town, X. J.
Joseph Brisk. Miners Mills, Pa.
Walter R. Brink, Williamsport, Pa.
Charlie F. Carstens, Sherman Co.,
Nebr.
Harry Cohen, Elizabeth. N. J.
Michael P. Dlcocco, Schenectady,
I X. Y.
Harry F. Dreyer, Philadelphia, Pa.
Ole Ege, Xunda, S. D.
Carl C. Enderliu, Mt. Olive, Pitts
burg, Pa.
Salvatore Fazio. Passaic. X. J.
Edward A. Featherstone, Wilkcs
barre. Pa.
William' F. Enstermaker, Bowmans
town. Pa.
Guiseppe Filippeni. Ardmore, Pa."
Leslie Fischer. Evansville, Wis.
Joseph Freda, Mineo Scilia, Italy.
Alex Greehavick,- Oyesda Strobns,
koe, Russia.
Leslie Haywood Hale. Eclectia, Ala.
George Hanish. Old Forge, Pa.
Aloysius Hickev. Kenneth Square,
Pa.
Steven Kowesza, Jersey City, N. J.
Joseph M. Iavin, Olyphant. Pa.
Arthur Liberatore, Philadelphia. Pa.
Gustav A. Longerman, Mt. Olive,
Pittsburg, Pa.
Alex Molnick. Kiev, Russia.
William H. Moore, Philadelphia, Pa.
Frank Xesanovic, Baltimore, Md.
Cassimere Xirita, Johnstown, Pa.
Bert E. O Connell, Philadelphia,. p
Julius Onefresky, Mahanoy City Pa.
Charles Opanovitz, Dickson City. Pa.
John Pavel, Putnam County, Ohio.
Arthur Perry, Philadelphia, Pa.
Willie Portier, Brunswick, Ga.
William R. Renner, Danville, Pa.
Pete Rodovanitch, Dulcino, Monte
negro. Harry E. Rothermal, Allentown, Pa.
Nicholas Russin. Butler, I'a.
Edward F. Ryngwalski, Buffalo,
X. Y.
Leo H. Schissler, Philadelphia, Pa.
Bennie Sehitzor, Newark. N. J.
Edward S. Schowaker, Philadelphia,
Pa.
Charles H. Simmons, Philadelphia,
Pa.
Clark H. Snyder, Bloomsburg, Pa.
Elmer E. Snyder, Bloomsburg. Pa.
Joseph W. Steele, Woodland, Calif.
Kazimierz Stomka, Leechburg, Pa.
William F. Thompson, Roundup,
Mont.
Joseph WakessewskI, Philadelphia,
Pa.
Benjamin Wolfson, Woodbine, N. j.
KILLED IN ACTION
Lt. Orville P. Johnson, Albany. X. Y.
Lt. Elmer Burdette Nelson, R. F. D.
4, Pontine, Mich.
Sgt. Samuel A. Goldenberg, New
York. N. Y.
Sgt. EJdie Lee. Narrows. Ky.
Sgt. Charles Reardon, Sharpaville,
, Pa.
j Cpl. Floyd Ibbotson, Dowagiac,
Mich.
: Cpl. Morris Lynchick, Brooklyn.
: N. V
Privates
! Isaac Allen. Bay Shore, Mich.
' Andrew Anrzeajczk. Chicago, 111.
I Rudolph W. Bergquist. Rockford. 111.
: Clarence Borror, 3 Winchester. Ind.
I Grant L. Colton, Medina, N. Y.
j Arch D. Cumpton. Altuas. Ark.
i Alfred J. Curtis, Lewistcn. Me.
Mark Ira Duane. Mellen, Wis.
Edward J. Galaska. Milwaukee, Wis.
Guy George, Boston, Mass.
Paul Xorbet, West Franklin, 111.
Sylvester S. Sanders. Edwing, Xeba.
Helmet Stover. Mellen. Wis
I Daniel J. Wansie, Kulpmont, Ta.
I Died of Disease
, Julian W. Baldwin, East Orange,
X. J
i John L. Bower. Covington. Ga.
I George S. Edwards, Astoria, Long
Island, X. Y.
.! Dock Ross, Homan. Ark.
' Died from Accident and Other Causes
I Alphus C. Robiy, Alexandria, Va.
I Nicholas Higgins, Newhaven, Conn.
.) SEVERELY WOUNDED
Privates
SEPTEMBER SIXTH
IS SET ASIDE AS
LAFAYETTE DAY
AMERICAN DEFENSE SOCIETY
CALLS UPON ALL PEOPLE TO
JOIN IN MAKING MUCH OF AN
NIVERSARY OF GREAT FRENCH
HERO'G BIRTH THIS YEAR
GENERAL'S SON T0
JOIN HIS FATHER
iarrett
Ever-Lastic Roofini
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock.
Bisbee Lumber Co. inc.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
John W. Reid, Waco, Texas.
Missing in Action
Lt. George P. Glenn, Lynchburg. Va.
Lt. George W. Puryear, Memphis,
Tenn.
Sgt. Elmer Auchenpaugh, Brook lvn,
X. Y.
Sgt. Francis M. Keller, South Whit
ley, ind.
Sgt. Frank Latimer, Plattsmilbury.
Conn.
Cpl. E. Brown, West Land, R. I.
Cpl. Hugo Garbaden, New York,
X. Y.
Cpl. John D. Grover, Lovell, Mo.
Cpl. Michael F. McCarthy, Water
bury. Conn.
Cpl. Martin J. McHugh., jr., Bing
hampton, N. Y.
Cpl. Steve XiVoloff, Walnut Grove.
Minn.
Cpl. Karl R. Scott, Waterbury. Conn.
Cpl. John Frank Smith, Chicago. 111.
Cpl. James F. Walsh. Westbury,
N.'Y.
Bugler James Michael Benson, Bing
hampton, N. Y.
Privates
Henry C. Barnes, Center, Miss.
Harlan W. Chamberlain, Brandon,
Vt.
Jack Cumpy, Minersville, Pa.
Hyman F. Fishhanger, Xew York.
Francis Aloysious Ford, Jersey City,
Heights, N. J.
Eugene D. Haire, Enosburg Falls,
Vt.
Ernest Joseph Hannig, Wheeling,
W. Va.
Charles L. Kaurin. Brooklyn, X. Y.
Jack N. Codra, Hartford, Conn.
Joe Loukitis, Ladd, 111.
Michael P. McCormick, Choconut,
Susquehanna Co., Po.
Thomas F. McLaughlin, Otsego,
Mich.
John P. Mahoney, Winchester, Mass.
Thomas Morrisson,. Manchester,
Conn.
Edward J. O'Brien. Worcester, ass.
John O'Donnell, Woburn, Mass.
Wm. Otto, Chelsae, Mass.
Robert C. Ray, Copen, S. C.
Robert Robinson, Rosindale, N. Y.
Raymond J. Rossel, Worcester,
Mass.
John W. Ryan, Providence, R. J.
Andrew K. Satti, London, Conn.
William H. Skeeis, Lockport, X. Y.
Frank Staniski. Philadelphia, Pa.
Thompson O. Teal, Eoko, Ga.
Alexander P. Thompson, Winches
ter, N. H.
Earnest R. Ward. Morrisville. Vt.
Amos T. White, Houlton, Maine.
Richard C. White, Xewport, X. 11.
Ryan W. Wilbur, St. Paul, Minn.
Frank W. Woods, Woodburn, Mass
Porter Raulerson, West Palm Beach,
Fla.
Ralph J. Reill, Franklin, X. H.
XEW YORK. Aug. 21. For the
proper celebration throughout the
I'nited States on September C, of the
161st anniversary of the birth of La
fayette, the Great French heio and
friend of the American colonies, the
American Defense society today Is
sued a call to the people of the United
States emphasi."in3 the national debt
America owes Lafayette and urging
Americans to repay part of this debt
by annually honoring his name and
memory.
This is aUo the anniversary of the
first battle of the r.iarne in 1914. and
through the co-operation of the 276
branches of the socict; and of many
civic and patriotic org-ir.iTatiojs who
have already volunteered to heip in
making Lafayette day a great sii'cess
lt is expected that it will be fitting
ly observed in every city in the United
States. The call which is signed by
Charles Stewart Davison, chairman of
the society's board of trustet-s, says:
"It seems very right and fitting that
Americans should honor the name and
memory of Lafayette on September 6
out of the gratitude that is strong,
that will never wither or die in tht
heart cf Americans and I urge all pa
triotic Americans to do thPir part to
ward seeing that this day is fittingly
observed throughout the country.
Through Lafayette and his devotion to
our cause. France and the United
States fought shoulder to Ehoulder at
Yorktown, and through their co
operation the independence of the
struggling colonies was realized and
the liberty cf a whole continent as
sured. "Today as we plan to celebrate the
(.birth of Lafayette, his country is tak
ing part once more in a war of inde
pendence, a war which will save, and
has already saved chilizatfon and free
institutions from the menace of r.uto
cracy and militarism. The Battle of
the Marne fou;-!it and won by Lafay
ette's countrymen. Joffre. mak-s of
the sixth day of September a date
memorable not only in the history of
our country but in the annals of
civilization. In this year we are pre
paring in ronie modicum to pay the
immeasurable debt we ewe to. France
and Frenchmen. .
"It is the hope of the American De
fense society that every man. woman
and child in the United States will
become interested in perpetuating
Lafayette's memory. We urgfc thai
statues of Lafayette be decorated
throughout the nation on September 5
"For nearly a century and a half our
speech in America has evinced grati
tude to Lafayette and wUat he stands
for. Xow let our acts on September 6
attest the sincerity of our words."
To Our , Subscribers
C Owing to increased cost of labor, materials, and everything con
nected with the newspaper business The Review has found it neces
sary to discontinue the practice of having the route carriers collect
subscription accounts.
This practice was unsatisfactory and inefficient as mistakes were
frequent and the results of this system were unsatisfactory both to the
subscriber and the paper. .
fj Therefore: We request that all subscription accounts be paid direct
to the business office of The Review. This will eliminate a large
source of error and we are sure the benefit derived jrom this course
will be mutual.
Subscriptions not paid in a reasonable length of time will be dis
continued. s
(J We will appreciate your cooperation in our efforts to give you the
very best possible service and conserve at the same time.
The Bisbee Daily Review
Main St "Your Paper Every Day Before Breakfast" Fhone 39
i
A:r The new flotation nlan of Xew
j Cornelia has been started.
HEADS REBUILDING
OF FRENCH ROADS
j ft t v )
: J
I - i v
I J
Edward Henry Rennio, Binghamp
ton, X. Y.
Archie L. Rowley, Warren, Pav
Clyde Savage. Bangor, Me.
Chas. P. Schildknecht, Binghamp
ton, N. Y.
Donald E. Scott, Syracuse, N. Y.
Lon B. Simmons, Tupelo, Ark.
Henry Simons, Philadelphia, Pa.
Frank Skeets. Lockport, X. Y.
John Sobonski, Scranton, Pa.
John T. Stinson, Philadelphia, Pa.
Eddie Clyde Taylor, Middle-ton, j
Mo.
General Trent, Luther, Tenn.
George E. Turner, Providence, H. I.
Xick Vistay, Mingon Junction, Ohio.
Anson Wagger, Rhyneback, X. Y.
Albert F. Waters, Worchester, Mass.
Alex W. Ilkski. Lincoln, X. H.
Prisoner
Pvt. " Michael Viola, Philadelphia.
Pa.
SAFELY OVERSEAS NOW.
Jim McDonald, formerly of W.v.
wo d addition, has arrived safely over
seas in France, according to a mes
sage received late yesterday by Mrs.
McDcnald.
K ' ;''.
t
ex
Registered Bonds
Third Liberty Loan Are
Now Ready for
Delivery
, WW -r 1VJ - ' - -
MaJ. Sidney C Graves.
J
' Major Sidney C. Graves will fee
rith his father. Major General i
William S. Graves to Siberia. Gen
pral Graves will lead the American
forces there. His son was jrrajja'.
ed from West Point in 1915. H?
has Lcen decorated for brsvery i.' !
France. He was e!ecUJ for I'm
Siberian mission solely on his rr..i;
zrv record.
t;!v.,r;''!i!-'rv-?-'?;-. ;
i.!!'-;.,fXJ'i..!,j,!;!i:ir!!
V.cco vour skin from irrowinff old
MARIN ELLO
OrirntMit ion I tjrhtens 5k n four or ftwrharteff.
No
PAINTS
Q A GOOD paint is worth what you have to pay for
it and a POOR PAINT is worth nothing at any price.
Mountain and Plain Paint
is the best that is made and every gallon of it is abso
lutely guaranteed by US, and the price is no more.
CJ Also SPENCER KELLOG Pure Linseed oil, none
better.
Gibson-Hines Lumber Co.
Phone 88
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
iTHtth.
ck-ar und
McDonald')
l-ocwi by our xMsta,
Mari
nejlo Shop, Tel 305
Attention Cattlemen
WANTED .
Fat Cattle for Slaughtering
GIVE CLASS, LOCATIONand TIME OF DELIVERY
Address
E. A. TOVREA & CO., Bisbee, Ariz.
SaiuutJ 2A. Ft'llwib
Samuel ' M. Felton, president of
te Chicago Great Western, is the
Uian who has rehahilitatud the rail
roads of France, lie has recruited
seven construction reRiments and
their work has been one of the won
ders of the war. He mobilized the
country's railroad facilities for the
invasion of Mexico, had that -step
Uca necessarv. That work rt "''!
111 - touch with the railroad man
I II pewer of the country for service in j
-' trance. .
The Arizona Corporatiun Coaimfssion does not recommend the
stork, bonds or other securities offered for sale by this or any other
campany.
By order of the ARIZONA CORPORATION COMMISSION.
GREAT SILVER BOOM PROPHESIED BY
DUNBAR & CO., BROKERS
Phoenix, Arizona.
Salt Lake City, Utah.
WE OFFER (Subject to prior sale)
100,000 Shares at Five Cents
WHITE MOUNTAIN SILVER CO.
A producing Silver property, on which one of the richest strikes
has lately been made known in silver mining.
On investigation we find that the WHITE MOUNTAIN SILVER
COMPANY is headed by Captain Geo. D. Stonestreet, formerly an as
sociate of the great CECIL RHODES, and Formerly Commissioner of
Mine3 of the Transvaal, South Africa.
We have been favored with a personal letter over Capt. Stone
street's signature in reference to his property, the WHITE MOUN'
TAIN SILVER COMPANY.
OUR MIDSUMMER MARKET LETTER
Which is mailed free, gives a complete analysis of the WHITE
MOUNTAIN SILVER property tells why we as brokers only recom
mend the shares gives a complete report on THE SILVER KING OF
ARIZONA NIPISSING of Cobalt and the WHITE MOUNTAIN
of California. We alio mention MAGMA COPPER ARIZONA
OILS and many other stocks. WRITE for copy today and place a
reservation only on WHITE MOUNTAIN SILVER owing to our
limited allotment, we accept orders at Five Cents (5c) for thi stock
which isjjound to advance subject to prior sale.
S. H. WARD, Local Agent, Royal Confectionery, Brewery Gulch.
MARKET LETTER COUPON.
S Please iiii.il to mv address regularly the U I NBA It MARKET LETTER, dealing J
in stocks or prodiiciiiK properties e iminatiiiK the prosect clas. j
1 want full particulars in reference to the WHITE MOUNTAIN sliares at Five J
Cents (5c).
l'lcase reserve for me
bliares. ubjct to my iuvo"B'i" (
. '
' Address j
(1, . . .' .ul,
DUNBAR & COMPANY, BROKERS
'
Box 52, Phoenix, Ariz.
Mark Dunbar, Proprietor.
1 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, AUGUST 22, 1918.
.1 V'f
SIX
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK. Aug. 21. Disregard
ing the war news and home events of
favorable import, today's stock market
drifted idly, dullness being relieved
only at rare intervals in speculative
issues.
Traders have evidently arrived at
the conclusion that prevailing market
conditions will experience no material
change until the next liberty loan has
betn successfully floated.
The presence in this city of Secre
tary McAdoo was coincident with an
other advance in Liberty 34 'a to the
high record of 102.06. This new maxi
mum compares with the year's mini
mum of 97.20.
Shippings were the . active and
strong features of the opening but fell
back abruptly folowing publication of
authoritative denials.
Rails, steels, equipments and various
miscellaneous issues held within one
point areas, with a disposition to ease
at the irregular close. The one strik
ing setback was made by Cuban Amer
ica nCuban sugar which dropped 16
points. Sales ameunted to 215,000
shares.
The enlarged bond dealings resulted
mainly from increased activity in Lib
erty isses, other Bivisions showing
slight : irregularity. Total sales, par
value aggregated $8,250,000. Old Unit
, ed States coupon 4's rose on sales,
others unchanged.
GRAIN
CHICAGO, Aug. 21. The corn mark
et started the day still under appre
hension as to crop conditions, and
prices mounted rapidly. Kansas need
ed rain. Commission houses and shorts
bought freely. The government week
ly weather review, however, found -conditions
improving in Illinois. Nebraska
and Iowa, and in certain localities
southwest where there had been rains.
Oats turned weak in addition, and
the profit taking and short selling
which ensued eliminated the advance
and the close was to c under yes
terday, with October at $1.654.
Oats shared the early strength of
corn, but turned weak on selling, which
was observed to come from recent
heavy purchasers. The feeling devel
oped that the market had little buy
ing power. Country offerings increas
ed on the advance. The close was
weak, UHc net lower with October
74c. In the dull atmosphere of the
provision pit a little profit taking was
sufficient to offset demand from scat-
tered commission houses.
NEW YORK COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK, Aug. 21 The cotton
market closed steady at a net decline
of 24 to 35 points.
NEW YORK METAL, MARKET
NEW YORK. Aug. 21 Lead, un
changed; spelter, firm; spot. East St.
Louis delivery, J9.009.12.
(L. J. OVERLOCK. Broker)
Closing Quotations, Aug, 21, 1918
Ana con da 66
American Can 46
Amrican Car 85
American Locomotive 67
American Smelter 78'i
American Sugar 110
Baldwin Locomotive 9
Bethlehem Steel (B) 83 Vi
Canadian Pacific 160
Central Leather 69
Crucible Steel 68 U
Distillers' Securities 5Si
Erie 15
Goodrich 45
General Motors 16146
Marino 28
Marine, Pfd .101H
Midvale 52
Mexican Petroleum 100
New York Central 73V4
Reading S9H
Rubber 61 74
Rep. Steel 92
Studebaker 44
Steel 11114
St. Paul 47 5i
Southern Pacific 87
Texas Oil 150
Union Pacific 1254
TJ. S. Marines 41
United Motors 33H
YVestinghouse ' 434
BOSTON
Adventure 60
Allouer '. 49
Alaska . .... 3V4
Arizona Com'l 15
American Zinc 17
Butte 26
C. & A. 67
Calumet & Hecla 460
Calumet Range 46
Chlno 38
Chile 16
East Butte 9
Granby 79
Goldfield 20
Greene Cananea Hi
Hancock 6V4
Indiana 50
Insiration '. . 614
Kennecott 23H
Keweenaw
Lake 5
LaSalle 2V4
BU
CKHEGHT
REG. U. S.
ARMY
Why accept an in
i ferioc Army Shoe
when you can get
: the standard article
at the same price or
less? Ask for the
BucxHECHT Army
Shot and get what
. you ask for.
( Then you're sure
to be satisfied !
BLACK
GUN PETAL
OR
INDIAN TAN
CALF
j ' Loot for the name
I FuCKHECHT
' scamped on the sole
' of every Shoe far our
mutual protedion.
A
At your dealer's or if he is not supplied order direct
from the manufacturers, Buckingham & Hecht, San Fran
LEASED WIRE
Mohawk 55
Mayflower 2 V4
Nevada 204
North Butte . . . : 14
Nippising 84
Old Dominion 39
Osceola 50
Pond Creek 18
Quincy CSV4
Kay Con 23
I Shattuck 15
Shannon 3V4
J Superior Boston 1
St. Marys 50
i Utah Copper 80
Utah Con 9
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizona
Arizona Silver King
Arizona Bing
Big Ledge
Butte & lxmdon
7
52
15
Calumet Jerome i
Cornelia .j 1.7 a4
Con. Arizona 1
Con. Copper 4-i
Curtiss 35 &
Denn 20
Dundee
Emma 6
Federal Oil 1
Gadsden 2
Green Monster 4
Grand Island 10
Globe Dominion
Hull 60
Hecla 4
Howe Sound 414
Jerome Verde ,4
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper 29
Magma Chief 12
Miami Con 2
Okmulgee 2M
Pittsburg Jerome 36
Porphyry 60
Ray Hercules 4
Tom Reed 149
Tuolumne 1V4
United Eastern 362
Verde Extension 36
Verde Combination
Wolverine Arizona 1
West End 1
White Caps .'. 26
Wright Martin 8
OATMAN
(By Colli" and Britherton)
Bid Ask
Argo 05
Adams .02
Arizona Rex -15
Arizona Tom R 02 .05
Big Jim. Con. .05 .07
Boundary Cone .02
Gold Ore 05 .06
Gold Road Bon 02 .03
Gold Cliff .15
Lucky Boy .03
Sunnyside .02 .04
Tellurlde 04 .07
Tom Reed 1.49 1.50
United Eastern 3.62 3.69
United Northern .02
Red Lion -15
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 2.50
Grecu Monster 44
Butte London 15
Dundee 75
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome 36
Jerome Verde 44
Ark-Arizona 07
Jerome Portland
Ins-NeeJlos 06
Hull Copper 60
Magma Chief .12
Wolv-Arizona 1.50
Verde Combination 56
Miami Consolidated ..... .02
Nacczari Cor.sob.inted
Con. Cop Mines 4.75
Porp'.yry 60
Cal. & Jerome 81
Feather River
2.75
.50
.17
1.00
.04
.40
.50
.08
.17
.12
.65
.17
1.75
.62
.05
35
5.00
.65
.87
.12
Baseball Scores
NATIONAL LEAGUE
' W. L. Pet.
Chicago 73 39 .652
New York 64 48 .571
Pittsburgh 53 61 .510
Cincinnati 57 56 .504
Brooklyn 52 62 .460
Philadelphia 47 62 .431
Boston 47 63 .428
St. Louis 49 60 .416
PIRATES BEAT BRAVES
PITTSBURGH. Aug. 21. In a game
interspersed with long hits and errors,
the Pirates won.
Inninge R. H. E.
Boston 001 100 0002 8 3
Pittsburgh 100 000 20x 3 8 1
Nehf and Wagner; Miller and
Schmidt.
CUBS BEAT GIANTS
CHICAGO, Aug. 21. Chicago in
creasd its lead on New York today to
ten and one-half games by winning the
first game of the aeries.
New York's erratic fielding, coupled
with the opportune hitting and darin
PAT". OFF
Built sturdy and
serviceable for
Office Men
Attorneys
Physicians
Hikers
Farmers
Orchardists
Motormen
Conductors
Hunters
and others in
every walk of life
STRAIGHT SETS TO
WINNERS MARKED
TENNIS TOURNEY
OPENING ROUND AT MEADOW
BROOK CLUB SHOWS SUCH
FORM AS TO PROMISE GREAT
SPORT IN THE CHAMPIONSHIP
FINALS TO BE PLAYED
(By Revifw l.t-asm Wire)
SOUTHAMPTON. N. Y.. Aug. 21.
Straight set victories were the order
today, as the tennis stars (ought
through the opening round of the Mea
dow club tournament which represents
the preliminary to the national cham
pionship. Ichyia Kumagae, the Ja
panese; W. T. Hayes and R. H. Bur
dlck. the westerners; C. B. Dayle 01
Washington, and W T- Tilden, second,
the great Pennsylvanian, all won in
straight sets. R. Lliuiley Murray of
California, advanced by a deiault.
Dr. William Rosenbaum accounted
for the only result that savored of
a reversal. He outplayed Lieut. W.
A. Horrell, the Arizona state cham
pion, at 6 4, 64. Thirty-two play
ers were drawn in the singles md
fifteen pairs in the doubles.
WORLD'S SERIES IS
HELD UP PENDING
GOVERNMENT PERMIT
PRESIDENT BAN JOHNSON SAYS
MATTER OF HAVING GAMES
START SEPTEMBER 4 HAS BEEN
BROACHED TO SECY BAKER
BUT NO REPLY RECEIVED,
(By Review Leased fire)
CHICAGO, Aug. 21, There will be
no announcement of the details for the
world's series until official word is re
ceived from Secretary of War Baker
that the government will approve of
base running of Chicago enabled Chi
cago to win easily.
Innings R. H. E.
New York 100 010 0002 8 4
Chicago 310 212 OOx 9 13 0
Perritt, Schupp and Rairden; Tyler
and O'Farrell, Clark..-
REDS BEAT PHILLIES
CINCINNATI. Aug. 21. The batting
and base running of Roush and S.
Magee were the features of today's
game which Cincinnati wan from Phil
adelphia in ten innings. 1 .
Innings R. H. E.
Philadelphia 110 000 010 3 10 1
Cincinnati 201 000 000 14 11 2
Hogg and Adams; El'.er and Wingo.
CARDINALS BEAT DODGERS
ST, LOUIS. Ausr. 21. Doak held
Brooklyn to five hits while St. Louis
bunched hits off Robertson and won.
Innings R. H. E.
Rrooklyn 000 001 0001 5 0
St. Louis 100 010 10X 3 14 3
Robertson and O. Miller; Ooak and
Gonzales.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
' W. L
Boston 70 47
Cleveland : 58 49
Washington: 62 52
St. Louis .54 56
Chicago 53 57
New York 51 58
Detroit 49 62
Philadelphia 44 69
Pet
.512
.544
.491
4S2
-4S8
.441
.3S9
INDIANS WALLOP SENATORS
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21. Superior
JUST WAITING AND WONDERING
V ' ' I To Be- that f-U j, Vff: I
Secretary Baker has ruled the bifr leagues must wind up their seasons
Sept 2 and that after that day all hall players in the dralt ape must ro
to work or fight. Now the moguls are working- hard fiphtinjf among them
selves as to when they 11 play the world series, before then or alter Latior
Day, or whether there wm !e unv !".
in th matter. .
DODGE WlrlS RACE
DRIVING P
HIS NEW PURCHASE
THE LIBERTY STAKE GOES TO
j . CLASSY NEW TROTTER IN
i CLOSE FINISHES; BUSY LASSIE
j WINS KNICKERBOCKER STAKE.
! OTHER FEATURE OF DAY
(lsy ru vlew ;.ca.Kd Wire)
POl'GHKEEPSIE. N. Y Aug. 21.
John L. Dodge, owner of the iloiiy
rood farm at Lexington, Ky.. drov. his
newly purchased IVriscow; 10 victory
in "The Liberty" two year trot in thel
Grand Circuit races ht re today. IVri
scope broke in the first hout which
was won by Princess Etauah. j
The second hiat lu.-ni::;ieil a close t
finish between Periscspe, Biusilo'f:
and Princess Ktawah, the three being!
lapped at the finish. Periscope led
all the way iu the third heat and won
handily.
Busy's Lassie driven by Waller It.
Cox, won "The Knickerbocekr" 2:0ti
trot for. a purse uf $3000. Ima Jay
tmk the first hrst In 2:00 :i-4. but
Cox's mount beat her hitlf a length in I
the second In 2:05 3-4 and won the
third by a more comfortable margin,
the time again being 2;05 3-4.
There were jonly two starters in the
free for all pace. Miss Harris M and
Ben Earl and the latter was no match
for the mare. Distance was waived
In the second heat and Murphy drove
Miss Harris M out in 2:00 3-4. which
equals the track pacing record made
two years ago by Napoleon Direct.
Edna Early proved the best of the
2:17 pacers, winning all three heats.
the gaims. President Ban Johnson of
the American league said tonight.
The details were worked out at the
meeting of the national baseball com
mission in Cincinnati yesterday and
the program was then presented to the
war department which has ruled that
the "work or f:ght" order shall apply
to professional baseball players on
September 1. President Johnson said
he expected word from Secretary
Baker ''within two or three days."
According to tentative plans, it is
proposed to start the series on Sep
tember 4.
pitching enabled Cleveland to win the
first game of the series from W'ashins
ton. Innings R. H. E.
Cleveland 120 010 0015 10 1
Washington 010 101 UIO 3 6 3
Morton, Coveleski and O'Neill; Harper,
Matthewson, Hovlik and Ainsmith.
RED SOX WIN
BOSTON, Aug. 21. Boston won the
first game of the series from St. Louis,
although out hit.. In the sixth Soth
oron filled'the bases by issuing two
passes and hitting Mclnnls. Scott's
sacrifice fly to Demmitt and the lat
ter's bad throw brought in two runs.
Innings R. H.JC
St. Louis OtiO 010 0001 7 2
Boston 000 012 Olx 4 4 0
Sothoron. Hnuck and Nunaniakor;
Mays and Schang.
YANKES BEAT TIGERS
NEW YOKK. Aug. 21. New York
defeated Detroit. The first six men
up for New York in the second inning
hit safely off Daus.
Innings R. H. E.
Detroit 010 001 0002 11 1
New York Or.O 000 OOx 5 10 1
Dauss, C. Jones, Kallio and Spencer;
Mogridge and Walters.
ATHLETICS BEAT CHICAGO
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 21. Heavy
hitting by Walkr and Burns beat Cl
cotte and the Athletics won the first
game of the series with Chicago,
tnninas R. H. E.
Chicago 000 000 1001 9 2
Philadelphia 00 010 30x 4 11 0
Cicotte and Schalk; Perry and Per
'ins. Junker r7 hae the final voice
Political Announcements
FOR SHERIFF inounce myself as a candidate, for the
I hereby aiimmncu niys.ir as an in-1 nomination of state representative,
dependent cand'date for the office of 1 subject to the action of the dmo
sheritT of Cochise countv. tr.il.j.-i t to'cratic party at the primary lx-Uo.l
the will of Hie voters at the fall elec- to be ,lelJ September 1"), 1918. I
lion, to be held on November the Oth, I fftel grateful to my many suporters
1 1 1 S . land feel competent to administer 'ho
FRANK IIKICGS. i office without fear or favor. I solicit
if elected :in efficient anil 1 the. support of all the good In-.'U Hid
impartial administration.
FOR SI-lfcKII-K
1 nereoy announce myseii as a cau
aiaate tor me nomination lor me ouin
01 snerilt 01 cocuise county, suiijcct
10 tne wi.i 01 me voter at me uumo
cranc primary to ie uciu on nepiem
oer lu, IJ13. '
w. s BltAKi'lELJJ.
I-UK SMfcKIFK
1 nereuy announce myseii p a cao-
delate -or me nomination iur ice oiuce i
ot bnerui ot cocuise county, suujeci!
10 t.ie win 01 tne voters at me ueuio-'
crane primary to oe neiu cu :epiein j
oer 10, 1X8.
U f. CKOSS.
FOK SHtKlhl-
t nereuy announce mysei as a can-
rttilTo ttr mo nnnilnurtnn tnr t na rirrirn
' .
ot snerut ot cocnise county, suojeci 1
to tue will ot tue voters at :ne ue;no- i 1 nereoy announce niyse.it as a can
cram: primary to ue neia on ijeptem- jaidate ler tne nomination ior me or
ber IU, ISIS. I nee 01 constaoie ior Lxnveu precinct
JAMES F. MCDONALD. jno. 3. subject to tne win ot tne voters
420 Deputy U. S. Marsnal. 'at ma aemocratic primary to oe neio
FOR SHERIFF
I nereDy announce myseii as a can
didate Ior tne nomination for tne or
flce ot sberltl of Cocnise county, suo
lect to tne will 01 tne voters at tne
rcpuDiican primary to be held on Sep-!
tember 10, 1913. I
533 LORENZO WRIGHT
FOR SHERIFF
I Hereby announce myseir as u can
didate for the office 1-1 slicrl.f ot Co
chise county, subject to the action t:t
the voters at the democratic prima
ries to be held September 10. 1JIS.
EARL V. SANDS,
C. Q. Smelter, Douglas, Arizona.
FOR TREASURER
I-hereoy announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of Treasurer of Cochise county,
subject to the will of the voters at the
democratic primary to be held on
September 10. 1918.
GUY C. WELCH.
FOR SUPERVISOR
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of supervisor of Cochise county,
subject to the will of the voters at the
democratic primary to be held on
September 10, 1913.
I. C. E.ADAMS,
6S4 . Ex-Mayor.
FOR CLERK, SUPERIOR COURT
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of Clerk, Superior Court of Co
chise county, subject to the will of the
voters at the democratic primary to be
held on September 19, 1918.
J. E. JAMES.
FOR SUPERVISOR
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of supervisor of Cochise county,
subject to the will of the voters at the
democratic primary to be held on
.September 10, 1918.
897 V. M. JOHNSON.
1 FOR STATE SENATOR
I hereby announce myself as candi
date for the nomination as state sen
ator ot Cochise county, subject to the
will of the democratic voters to be
held on September 10, 1918.
555 T. B. GRACE.
' FOR STATE REPRESENTATIVE
' Upon the earnest solicitation of
many friends in Cochise county and
throughout the state, I hereby an-
Gas Fired Water
i
For Attaching
: to Your :
Range Boiler
Bisbee
women interested in the cause o." suf-'f:
frage,
NELLIE A. HAYWARI).
FOR JUOGE, SUPErtlCR COURT
I hereby announce myseif as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of Jud;e, Superior Court of Co
chise county, subject to the will of the
voters at tjie democratic primary to be
held oa September 10. If 18.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD.
FOR CONSIAouc
1 nereoy announce myseii as a cn
ornate lor tne nomination ior tne Mi
nce or constaoie tor lweti precinct
.No. 3, suDject to tne win 01 tne vuiers
at ne ueinocranc primary to ue Deiu
on beptemcer iu. uio.
a7 JOHN (JACK) KYA.N.
FOR CONST Atst-t
on beptemoer iu, uis.
UE.N.MS ROCHE.
rOK CONSTABLE
1 nereoy announce myseir as a can
didate ior tne nomination as conslaDie
tor tne Lowell rrecinct. No. 3. Sub
ject to tne action ot tne Democratic
voters ot mat precinct in tne primaries
on septemuer lutn.
107 U. 1L BOHMFALK,
t-UK CONSTABLE
1 nerebj anuounce myseit as a can
didate tor the nomination tor tne 01
nee 01 constable for Lowell Vrec.nct
ISO. 3, subject to the will ot the roters
at tne Democratic primary to be held
on September 10, 1918.
200 JAMES BAJCER.
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce myseii as a can
didate Ior the nomination ar Constable
for the Lowell Precinct. No. 3. buo
ject to the action of the Democratic
voters of that precinct in the primaries
on September lorn.
207 GEO. D. CROWLEY.
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce myseir as a can
didate for the nomination as constable
for the Bisbee precinct. No. 2. Sub
ject to the action of the democratic
voters of that precinct la the prima
ries on September 10.
620 A. E. SHEPPAP.D.
FOR JUSTICE OF PEACE
I hereby announce myseit as a can
didate for the nomination as justice of
the peace, for the Lowell precinct. No
3. Subject to the action of the demo
cratic voters of that precinct in tne
primaries on September 10th, 191S.
714 GEO. R. SMITH.
FOR JUSTICE OF THF PEACE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as justice of
the peace, for the Lowell precinct. No.
3. Subject to the action of th demo
cratic voters of that precinct in the
primaries on September 10th. 191S.
822 J. B. HODGES
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as constable
for the Bisbee precinct. No. 2, sub
ject to the action of the democratic
voters of that precinct in the primar
ies September 10. 1918.
411 BERT CLEMENT.
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
FOR JUSTICE OF PEACE
i I hereby anuounce myself as a can
i!:ito for the nomination as Justice of
the Peace, for the Lowell Precinct. No
3 Subject to the action of the Demo
cratic voters of that precinct iu the
primaries on September 10th.
1 J. L. WINTERS.
FOR JUSTICE OF PEACE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as justice of
the pae, for the Bisfcee precinct. No.
1 e..V.; ... kn notion tUa lH-
". V ..7. " " ' .' Vi..
primaries on September 10. 1913.
M. C. HIGH.
NOW IS THE TIME
To Look Up Your
Bring in Your Old Furs.
We make them up in the
latest styles. We Reline,
Remodel and Clean.
FRUITMAN'S
FASHIONABLE
LADIES' TAILOR AND FURRIER
Hughes Block pp. Y. M. C. A.
Phone 74 Bisbee, Ariz.
CH.H0GM
Office Biow
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAN
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
iFURS
Heater
l
I I
1 J
S!i
li i&3n
V':
Tfkl
i
fly
u -
1V . t
:4f
r 0 . ;a
1
- 5
V '
- -
- , iT
' ",
r THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, AUGUST 22, 1918.
SEVEN
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisements must reach "Hie Review ofiice not Wter than S p. m. for insertion in next morning's paper.
Male Help Vant
'ANTED Boy or girl attending
school to help witli work nights and
mornings for Loard and room. Phone ;
395.
U Kl lE TO "X. M. C. A. ocnooi, lAta
auguies,- auoul auiu, itauio, turn
i.icinai auu tagiueenug courses, j
i rain lor service. :
Femala Help VVan.ed j
WANTED Woman to care for rooms. j
47 Upper Lowell. 72$
WANTED Experienced woman to ;
' work in boarding house. Phone 395. '
.'. ..i Woman to help in board-j
.se. &3 Jiggerwile. lUl j
-M A young girl to care lor j
cni.artn. I'houe S3. 683
L J
Positions Wanted I
WANTED Man and wife with one !
child, want position on ranch. Ad- '
uress W. M., caie Review. 743 '
i
WANTED Work by hour or day and '
washing to take home. Phone 274. :
726 ;
WANTED Sewing. Will go out by :
the day. Phone 841. 699 !
For Sale
FOR SALE 191S Overland car, run1
4t'"U miles. Gcod as new. A bar
gain, 6o0. See Lawrence Ligon,
Cochise. 7 19
FOR SALE One new four room !
hoao. arrea, close to Yista Park.
lijx 1781, B;sbee. 765
FOR SALE A three apartment fur-1
nishod house in Warren. Splendid
investment. Liberal terms. E. A. ;
Crocker. Phone Black 6S1, after 6
p. in. 747 ;
FOR SALE Household furniture of
all kinds. 2u6 Opera Drive. 722
FOR SALE Suuo shares United Chino
Oil stock at four cents per share.
Sasscs Confectionery. 7iJ
FOR SALE Nearly new J25 baby bug
gy cheap, leaving. Phone 696 Green.
7-4
FOR SALE Choice freestone peaches. '
George H. Cobbe, end of car line, !
Tombstone canyon. 693 '
FOR SALE Modern live room house
at. Warren, together with three large
lots. Will give terms. Location tne
oest, all icuced, good garage. Here
is a snap. See owner, J. E. Bropuy.
Phone 2b4, Lowell, Brophy stable.
871
FOR SALE Crescent hotel sola cheap
If taken at once. Brewery avenue,
1 Wilbur McLpan. 293
i . - 1 i i i '.
FOR SALE Rooming house, 17
rooms, best location in Douglas;
good lease. 931 G avenue. Phone
121. 433
I
FOR SALE Several desirable build-1
iiig lots, near end of car line. In- j
quire G. H. Cobbe, Upper Tombstone
canyon. 547 '
FOR SALE OR LEASE Eight room
furnished house for light housekeep-!
iiig. 56 Upper Lowell, across from '
Lowell depot. 604 J
FOR SALE Canary blrCs. lloloiouk j
house, Naco road. 417 j
FOR SALE Set Harvard classics, j
' new, forty-eight volumes, cheap.
Room 1, Belmont house. 571 1
FOR SALE Cheap, 1916 Ford, first
class condition. See Borderland ga-!
rage. 717 j
FOR SALE Furniture, in fir.it class j
condition, for five rooms. Buyer I
has privilege of renting modern '
house. Castle hill. G. O. Rhodes.
Phone Black 709. 718 I
FOR SALE Ford truck, in good!
shape High tension magneto, good I
tires. Odam garage, Naco road. 719 i
FOR SALE linn ryes ol old papers at i
me Review office. Large bundles,
price 25c.
FOR SALE 1918 Model Maxwell, al
most new. Five passenger, ?55.
Slag Dump gaiage. 512
FOR SALE 1917 Model seven passen- '
ger Studebaker four, J 45J. Siag
Dump garage. oil i
PETEY DINK What's a
For Sale
FOR SALE One Studebaker four,
seven passenger, 1917 model, almost
new, $000. Slag Dump garage. 513
FOR SALE Bandies o; old papers at
the Review ollice. Large bundles,
price 25c.
FOH SALE Buick light six, five pas
senger, 1917 model; Liberty Six,
191S model, run less than 1000 miles.
K. J. Keogh Auto Upholstery and
Paint Shop, Lowell. . 6S6
FOR SALE Maxwell touring car,
1917 model, first class condition.
Phone lied 527. 679
Wanted
WANTED To rent, a six room unfur
nished modern house in Warren.
I'houe 479. dh-tf
WANTED Furnished house. Bisbee
preterred but Warren considered.
Address X. E. G., care Review, dh-tf
WANTED To buy, a tent and two
army folding cots. Phone 166. 510
WANTED Stenographer, rapid at
taking dictation and at typewriting.
Address B, care Review. 229
For Rent
I FOR RENT Three room house,
j quire 83 Youngblood hill.
In-
756
FOR RENT One four room and one
two room furnished houses. 37 Ne
vada avenue, Johnson addition. 746
FOR KENT Large furnished house
keeping or batching rooms, no hills.
Customs House. Phone Green 696.
764
FOR RENT Four rcom furnished
house in Warren, liogan & Seed.
Fhoue 10. . , 724
FOR RENT Nicely furnished' front
room, suitable for one or two gen
tlemen. Private home, separate en
trance. First house above Brooks
apartments O. K. rtreet. 723
FOR RENT Two or three furnished
housekeeping rooms. 153 Temby
avenue, back of Balgay house. 924
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. Mrs. Mary Hanley,
170 Opera Drive. 726
FOR RENT House-tent furnished,
gas, light, water, toilet. Lonia 39,
Laundry canyon. 725
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms,
98 C O. K. street. 700
FOR RENT On large housekeeping
room, lights, water, bath. Phone
610. 708
FOR KENT Three furnished house
'keeping rooms. John Ceron, War
ren. No children. 520
FOR RENT Nice two room furnished
apartment for light housekeeping.
Private bath. Inquire E. G. Lim
precht's residence. Tombstone can
yon, above water tank. 575
FOR RENT Two roams for light
housekeeping. 42 Jiggerville. 592
FOR RENT Largs room, suitable I'T
one or two gentlemen. Running wa
ter. Inquire Warren Drug Co. 135
FOR RENT Garage space next to
Fair Annex. Apply Johnson mar
ket. 560
FOR RENT Three room unfurnished
house. William Sliney, Locklin ave
nue, Tombstone canyon. 606
FOR RENT Cabin, furnished for
batching. 176 Naco road, Holbrook
stop. . ., 653
Furnished Rc"-ms
FOR RENT You will find cool, clean
rooms at the St. Elmo hotel. Rea
sonable rates. Brewery Gulch. 766
FUR ks.. 1 I' urulsr.ea rooms at tuo
ilisoee uotei, "Aitn running water.
3Ij
-t-
STRAYED
STRAYED Since August 14, 1918
one brown horse, weight 900 pounds, 1
branded W R left shoulder, hook M
left hip, foretop clipped, shod all
around. Notify Ed Baruett and re
ceive reward. 6S0
Farmerette Suit Without a Farm.
To tOMVM-V! J Th-t. oA ve're ,T ) ' STUFF '-irWry VT J M ( Th9ae
-fj uwt 0 wmmmWM Kx . ' . j
Lost
LOST Lady's gold wrist watch, Mon
day evening, either on School or
Higgins hill. Finder will confer
great favor and receive reward by :
phoning 789. 727 !
Miscellaneous
MARTIN'S MINERAL BATHS AND j
MASSAGE SPECIALIST For rheu-,
matism, lumbago, plurisy, head- j
aches, nervousness, manipulations :
and curviture of spine treated scion-;
tifically. Office third floor Maze
building. Open 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. j
Nurse in attendance. 705 '
G. C. HENDRICKS II. B. HANSON j
Contractors and Builders
If you expect to build or repair it t
will pay you to see us. Phone 143.
We will save you money. 725
UOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE J
From $2 up. All corsets carefully I
fitted. Ines Warburton, next Arizona
Grocery store. Phone 841. 5Sj
THE FORMER COLORADO In Jig
gersville reopened under new name
and management. Rooms and Board.
659
"EARN actual auto repairing, book- j
keeping, shorthand, radio engineer-!
ing. Young Men's Christian Asso- '
elation. Ixis Angeles. Catalog free.
Money to Loan
SMALL quick loans on your personal 1
note 10 saianea men ana women, ai-1
bo on furniture, cox ian Co. itoom
2. Lyric 'i neatre Dunning. ibb j
I yWV CATARRH
I jA'fffl?J$? OF THE J
I ViVi IBM24 Hours ; I
y Each Cap- - , i
L V " rmia bemrs toe , I
, ,, UUI4 4- V " ( I
I ' Btwarm ct counterfeit i '
TWO MORE SALIENTS TO BE PINCHED
OUT SOON, IS BELIEF OF WAR EXPERTS'
DUNKIRK m AV-S i
HA2EBR0UCX Vj'' t ,
FVy VALENCIENNES y?
fe tt ,eAPAU j
$ pALBEHT0MBLES ICV ' .
t i?X' Uftitriir If! .
-5 7frfj4liiU tip (
-C llj'!',lVmROYE Wl),.
Shaded portions of map iniiicnt.- ground gained by cliica in recent
oCv-atiivcs.
By C A. VOIUU
i
COUNTY HOSPITAL
IS PRAISED BY
LOWELL WOMAN
That the county hospital is doing
great good in a way that usually es
capes public attention is evident from
a letter received; by County Super
visor J. M. Sparks from a Lowell wo
man. The latter is an educated wo
man, an accomplished stenographer
and court reporter, but acquired the
drug habit. Cured of the curse at
the county hospital, she has written
as follows to Mr. Sparks to express
her thanks:
"This is merely to thank you for the
privilege you accorded me a few
weeks ago of going to the county hos
pital to be treated for drug addiction.
Everything possible was done for me.
and often now I stop for a moment
wherever I am and whatever I am
doing, stunned by the realization that
I CAN LIVE and AM LIVING with
out drugs, for when I saw you it did
not seem to me this would ever be
accomplished. It was unbelievable,
but it HAS been done, and I am grate
ful indeed to you. Many real kind
nesses and much consideration were
shown me at the hospital. I think
the institution a remarkably success
ful one it seemed very much like
home in a way.
"Of course I underwent a good
deal of an ordeal I COULD NOT do
it again but Dr. Smith did everything
for my help and comfort that could
be done, consistently, with the pur
pose we' had in view; but believe me,
Mr. Sparks, I'm glad it is behind me
instead of before me. It was very
hard but very necessary.
"Please be good to the drug users.
They suffer more than anyone. I've
had four surgical operations, and I'd
Tather have the four at once than a
treatment for drug addictions, though
I believe I had the easiest it is possi
ble to administer successfully." In
ternational.
Patagonia: The Hardshel mlino is
shipping maganese at the rato of one
car a day. The high grade ore is be
ing shipped while the lower gr.id! will
be treated at the property as soon as
the mill is completed.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
' Department or tne Interior
! U. S. liitu Oilice at i ttueuix, iiiZ-,
' .-vugusi u, ui;
AO..LO is lieieoy givm uai u.cuaiu
' K.. ildtelt, OA v. v-o, .rtitk.uUtl, VtliU,
oil jini'eu i-o, Ijim, ni.iue iiuuicoleuu
application oci i.ti .u. viioiis, lr w.
I .v c. aim 1. 'n a. v . 4 oi section
' oj, iuviisiiip uuuiu, nai,e llu .., u.
at S3. It. Jieuinull, Has l.it-u notice Ol
; intention to inane i. e eai' ploui, lo
! eitauiisii oaiuis tu tue laud Uuo;e tle
' sciiuuu, belore juiea D. my.or, u. a.
1 comiiusiouer, ui ijisote, jinoua, 6
I tne lita uay ol oepteiu jer, uis.
; claimant uaiuej as witnesses:
! Jouu i. i'urKer, ot neieioiU, Ari
' zona.
! frank B. Mooon, of Hereford, Ari-
I zona.
i omey P. liaverty, of Garces, Ari
zona.
itichard M. Johnson, of Garces, Ari
zona. uu J- L. 1RV1N, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Laud Oitice at Pnoenix, Ariz.,
July 27, 1918.
Notice is hereby given mat diaries
KueUme, ol fctaiK, Aruoua, who, o
May 10, 1917, maue Homestead entry,
io. 2StoU2, lor .V E. -,i .N. . ', W. 'n
N. E. V. S. E. ',4 N. E. 4, Section i,
i Township 21-S., Range 23-E , G. & S.
j it. B. Meridian, has tiled notice of m-
twnt.on to muse turee year proof, to
. establish clulm to tne laud auove ue-
scribed, bet-ire Jared D. 'laylor, Ll. S.
Comuii.-sioner, al iiiibee, Arizona, oa
the 2tita day of September, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Mary Brown.
Cormal M. Gains.
Lee W. Comertord.
John M. Ottmer, all of Stark, Ari
zona. 595 JOHN L. 1RVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Laud Otiice at 1'hoenix, Ariz.,
; July IT, 1918.
I Notice is hereby given that viliiam
I E. Davis, of Gatces, Arizona, who, on
August 3, 1914, maue Homestead entry
I No. 02554U, for Lots ti, 7, E. '.4 S. Vv.
I 14, Section li, Township 23-S., Range
! 21-E., G. ii S. R. B. Meridian, has tiied
! notice of intention to make three year
proof, to establish claim to the land
'above described, oetore Jared D. 'lay
lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 19th day of SeptemDer,
1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
R. Vincent Davis.
Robert E. ToJd.
John Ash worth.
Lee Aston, all of Garces, Arizona.
597 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior"
U. S. Laud Ofiice at Phoeuix, Ariz.,
July 13, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Dayton
L. Graham, sr., of Bisbee, Arizona,
who, on August 14, 1912, made Home
stead entry, Xo. 01S933, for E. hit
N. W. hi, E. S. W. 'i, Section 6,
Township 24-S., Range 22-E., G. & S.
R. B. Meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make five year proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 17th day of September, 191S.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Dan McGowan.
William Ryan, both of Hereford,
Arizona.
J. Bostlck Williams, of Bisbee, Ari
nna. Ben Morgan, of Hereford, Arizona.
596 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.,
August 15. 191S.
July 20, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that George
L. Dunn, "of Stark, Arizona, who, on
April 17, 1913, made Homestead entry.
No. 0221S7, for V. V4 N. E. M, W. H
S. E. U. Section 35 and on Feb. 17,
1915. mnde additional Homestead
entry. No. 0267C5, for S. E. 1 , N. W.
E. 14 S. W. S. W. 4 S. W. U. Sec
tion 35, Township 23-S.. Range 22-E.,
G. & S. R. B. Meridian, has filed no
tice of intention to make three year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 19th day of Septem
ber, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Joel II. Allen.
Cornelius X. Driscoll.
Charles A. .Martin, all three of Here
ford, Arizona.
Charles H. Miller, of Lowell, Ari
zona. 594 JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order In the Warren district; giving the essential
facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the pl.ice of
gathering will be found undir their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODCE NO. 718.
L. O. O. ivl
Meets every rnuaj
lugnt, .wu.m nun
isiuiig nrotners cu.
4 tally inviteu.
u. 1. GLEASO.N,
Dictator.
KAY LOSS, Sec,.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
OR EADN AUGHT
L. O. L. NO. 210,
meets la I. O.
O. F. Hall llrst
and third
MONDAY atj
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. V.'M. T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Pox 426, bisbee.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F.
.-- T meets every
Xj f?)1. Thursday
T's'5a"iN j evening at Odd
0 Fellows' Hall
Subway Btreet, at 7:3u o'clocii. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
G. A. PLENKETT, N. G.
LESTER ELSTACE, Secy.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Tempie No. 3 meets every 2na
and fourth Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C.
Phone Black S51.
IDA GLAZE, M. ol It. C.
Box 1475
JUNIOK OnDtK UNITtD AMER
ICAN MECHANICS
Arizona Council, No. 2
Meetj in I. O. O. F. hall First and
Third Saturdays. Visiting brothers
welcome.
ROY E. SMITH, Councilor.
P. M. WILLIAMS, Rec. Secy.
P. O. Box 107C.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meet see
iond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo-
vlih hall. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
MRS. C. C. FINLAYSON.
Foreman, P. 0 Box 152G.
; E. D. STINSON,
; Correspondent, Box 1496.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.,
June 22, 121S.
Notice is hereby given that Charles
Lee Simpson, of Rodeo, Grant County,
New Mexico, who, on May 29, 191 i.
made Homestead Entry. 039712.
for NV 4 SE ,. SW V N5 U. Ks
NW 'i. Section 34. Township 16 3.
Range 32 E, G. & S. R. Meridian, has
filed notice of intention to make three
year proof, to establish claim to the
land above desciibed, before Henry C.
Beumler, United States Commissioner,
at Douglas, Arizoua, on the luth day of
September, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
David C. Bauda, of Rodeo, New
Mfviro.
j William C. Hale, of Douglas, Ari
. zona.
James Houston, of Douglas, Arizona.
I Robert L. Herrell, of RodeJ, New
Mexico. ! J. L. IRVIN,
; 436 Register.
I ,
j NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
! Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz .
I June 22, 1918.
j Notice is hereby given that Bernice
Delaney formerly Bernice M. Davis, of
' Hereford. Arizona, who, on March 23.
1915. made Homestead Entry, No.
027079. for South Half (S Vs. Seaimi
10, Township 2J S, Ranse 22 E. G. &
S. R. B. Meridian, has filet, notice o
intention to make Three Year Proof,
to establish claim to the lar.d above
described, before Henry C. P.eumler.
U. S. Commissioner, at Douglas, Ari
zona, on the lmh day of So; t ji.ibcr
191S.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Frank C. Cobb.
Angus GUlis.
Charles Martin.
William Ryan, all of Hereiord, Ari
znna. JOHN I IRVIN.
435 Rcrister.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathboce Lodge No. 1ft
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Thursday
V'T?'5' (except second) in Odd
VVN Fellows' Hall at 7:20
VV'.' P- 111 Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
H. E. WOOTON. C. C
W. E. McCALLUM. K. of R. S.
LODGE NO. ?1
Regular meeting fitst and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON, Exalted Ruier.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES O" SECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCiL NO. 2115.
Meets ev.ry second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at I. O. O. F.
Hall. 7:30 p. m. Visiting members ara
cordially invited.
FREDERICK J. ATT AW AY.
Secretary, Lowell.
Z. L1NDQUI3T, Financial Secretary.
P. O. Box 324ti, Lowell
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
- Lowell l'4imp No. 46 will
."J ( meet' every Wednesday
"f , at 7:S'X Brophy HalL
V 'U- H. C LANDAU, C. C.
Zl AiL Woodaiea .invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
meets in Masonic Hall
Pearl Chapter, No. 6. meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43. Bisbee
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Secy. P. O.
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com..
Phone 16L
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie. No. 175, F. O. E-, mots
first and third TUESDAYS, 8 p. ta.
Eagles Hall. Visitors cordially wel
come. J. F. W1LMOTH. Pr-sdenL,
F. C. FEXDERSOX. Secretary..
C. L. EDMUNDSON, Acrii Phvsician.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
i
, fjt'. lit
f I y nit-ets the 1st
of each month at
t . ii. i i ....
t vich Hall. Visit
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS, President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
FiONORA Vl'NCH. Secretary.
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
frt Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
V..V Meets 1st Saturday
Z.iT Medigovich Hall.
n?'r R- u MOTZ. Consul.
i3 H- MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
WEEK ENDING AUGUST 17, 1918
Monday
Tuesday 2nd Degree.
Wednesday
Thursday
I W. W. RIDLEY. W. M.
B. T. WAT KINS, Secy, F. &. A. M.
jj. W. TOI.AND, E. H. P.
C. F. PiliLI TtOOK. T. M.,.
IF. E. BENNETT, E. C. -
F. S. DAVEXPOiUV tXWlary Chap
ter and Commandery.
I W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furr.ish you an estimate
on that job on short notice EIGHT
-s-
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, AUGUST 22, 1918.
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
The Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
NEW PROPRIETRESS.
Mrs. Lula George has taken charge
of the St. Elmo hote.
duet iliose held on Monday. The in
terest and enthusiasm manlfestd in i
this class is sp:enuid and indicative
that the students are very much in
earnest in their desire to pass the ex
amination to te held on September
11. ct Tombstone.
RETURNS TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. and Mrs. P. Larkon left last
night for Las Angeles. Mr. Larkjn
has been here for a short time on busi
ness. BACK FROM COAST.
A. W. Howe and family have re
turned from Los Angeles and coast
points, where Jhey spent a. pleasant
vacation of two weeks.
RETURNS FROM VACATION.
Miss Catherine Dupen of the Loweii
pcstoffice will return to her work this
morning. Miss Dupen has been at
Ramsey Canyon spending a short vaca
tion. Miss Loretto McQuillian who
has been in char.ee of Mrs. Dupen'3
work during her absence has returned
to the liisbee pBstofrice.
REPORTS FOR SERVICE.
John F. Mouahan. left last night for
New Orleans, where he has been called
to report for active service in the
United States navy.
BACK FROM COAST.
Mrs. R. T. Frazier, jr.. Mrs. G. M.
Stoltz and Mrs. E. O Bergfield have
(returned to the district from the coast
I where thev have been for the past six
weeks. They were at Camp Kearny
fcr p few days and visited Lieuten
ant E. O. Bersrfield, before. he w;is
transferred east. They report having
! a ir.nnt enjoyable time.
SIX BODSES ONLY
AUTHORIZED NOW
TO SOLICIT FUNDS
STATE COUNCIL OF DEFENSE EN
UMERATES THOSE ORGANIZA
TIONS ENGAGED IN WAR WORK
MAY APPROACH PUBLIC FOR
MONETARY ASSISTANCE
HAVE RETURNED.
Cleon T. Knapp and family have re
turned from Los Angeles where they
have been for the past few weeks en
joying the cool sea breezes.
FROM BUSINESS TRIP.
Joe Walker has returned from the
Feather river, Cal., where he has been
ion business connected with the Feath
er River Gold Mining company.
IS ONE YOURS?
There are undelivered telegrams at
the Western Union telegraph office
for the following named persons: S.
H. Grimes, Simon Ppreciado. E. A.
Kennedy and Mrs. W. A. Tabor.
HAVE RETURNED.
Jack Radcliff and family returned
vesterday from the coast where they
have been for the' past month. He is
foreman in pne of the. Copper Queen
mines. He reprirts liaving had a most
enjoyable time.'"'
HEARS FROM SON.
J. C. Krigbamii has rceived two let
ters thin week from his son, Theodjre,
wfco is in France. Theodore says that
the boy are all well, have hearty ap
petites and plenty to do and see. He
is a member of the 340 infantry which
left for France about two months ago.
He furthf.r adds that he wishes his
father to remember him to al! his Bis
bee friends.
ARE SLIGHTLY INJURED.
Carl Ulum of Johnson Addition, a
miner at the Sacramento, and T. Lopez,
miner at the Hoi brook, will both be off
of work Tor a few- days. Lulum and
Lopez were slightly Injured while
working yesterday afternoon.Ulum's
ankle was bruised by some falling
rock and Lopez has a contusion of the
right thigh caused by some falling
ground.
FROM TRIP.
Deputy Sheriff A. W. Howe and
family returned yesterday from Los
Angeles and other California points
where they have been for the past
fortnight. They reported having had
a most enjoyable time.
FROM VACATION TRIP.
Ralph A. Ziesemer. the well known
assayer has returned from Los Ange
lies where he has been for the pant
two weeks enjoying a vacation trip.
He reports havine had a pleasant one
and that the weather on the coast was
delightful.
COPPER QUEEN GUESTS.
Mr. and Mrs. P. B. Lord and daugh
ter, A. A. Gossard, El Paso: Mr. and
Mrs, H. A. Gilmore. Phoenix; W. A.
Wariace, Chicago;: H. A. Rockwell,
Chicago: B B. Cadwalader, Tucson;
Roy C. Henderson, San Antonio, Tex.;
H J. Patton, San Francisco.
HERE ON BUSINESS.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Callowav have ar
rived in the city from El PaRO. Mr.
Calloway is superintendent of the work
which is being done by the Mountain
States Telephone company, of placing
the cables underground. Mr. Callo
way expects to be here for three
months.
HERE ON FURLOUGH.
Private A. L. Bailey Is here visiting
jiis brother. S. P. Bailev. who is em
ployed at the mines. Private Bailey is
a member of the quartermaster's de
partment at Fort Bliss. He formerly
was emploved at Tovrea's market and
remained there until his enlistment In
the "army last year.
RETURNS TO DUTY.
Lt. George Medigovich, who arrived
here Tuesday night from Louisville,
Ky to visit his parents, left last night
to resume his duties at Camp Taylor.
He would have remained longer but
an extended furlough could not be
granted, and he received word to re
port for duty on Saturday morning.
CHANGE IN TIME.
The second period of the naturaliza
tion class at the Y, M. C. A. will be
held this afternoon at 2 o'clock and
this evening at 7 o'clock. The change
of time from 7:30 to 7 o'clock was
made after taking a' vote of the mem
bers of the class. Dr. W. P. Sims hns
verv kindlv consented to coioperate
with Mr. Flynn .in conducting these
classes. Dr. Sims will hereafter con-
TO VISIT GRANDPARENTS.
Little Herbert and Charles Donog-
hue left Tuesday night for Los Ange
les, where they will visit their grand
parents. Mr. snd Mrs. Donoghue ac
companied the children as far as Os
born and from there on they will be
in the care of Mrs. W. M. Walsh, who
will be with them until they arrive
in Los Angeles.
NO MORE SUGAR.
The local merchants havP received
notice from the county food adminis
trator that they are not to sell any
more sugar for canning purposes. It
is not known how long this order will
be in effect but there is not much
hope of its being lifted within the
present month. The Phelps-Dodge
store and all the others have been in
cluded in the order.
MARRIED IN DOUGLAS.
N. E. Cullura, step-son o? Chief of
Police O. E. Jones, was married Tues
day afternoon to Miss Thelma Bean, a
local telephone operator, by Rev. Gro
ver. C. Linn at the latter's residence.
A little feast followed at Mr. Jones'
home and last evening the young
couple took a honeymoon trio on the
stage to Bisbee, where Mr. Cullom is
employed iw the Phelps-Dodge store
and where."te has fitted up a home.
The bride is the daughter of a well
known rancher living near Webb. International.
EMBARGO STILL ON.
Capt. I P, Good of Company L of
the 35th infantry, stationed at Lowell
who has charge of the issuing of the
sales of ammunition for the Warren
distrirt. has issued a notice to the lo
cal officers not to sign any requests
for'the application of anv ammunition
and at the same time has also noti
fied the stores in the district that
handle ammunition not to sell any am
munition. The order does not include
shot gun shells, leaded with No. 7
chiMed bird shot or smaller and 22
calibr low nower rifle cartridges. The
order is to be in force for six months
from Aueust 15th. The embargo has
been on in the district for over a year
row and is extended from time to
time.
RUNNNING RECORD LOWERED
fRv Review I ns(vl Wire
SARATOGA. N. Y., Aug. 21. The
American running record for a mile,
established at 1:35 1-2, twenty-eight
years ago by Salvator at Monmouth
Park, N. J., was lowered here today
by Roamer, who covered the distance
in 1:34 4-5. The plucky gelding ran
with ease and at no time was it neces
sary for Andy Shuttinger, his rider, to
use the whip.
At the August meeting of the State
Council of Defense, the matter of or
ganizations permitted to solicit finan
cial contributions within the state,
was considered ty a committee con
sisting of members V. M. Slipher,
Theodore Marchand Homer R., Wood,
I which report to the Arizona State
Council of Defense, as follows :
We, your committee appointed to
draft rules and regulations governing
the solicitation of financial contribu
tions within the state of Arizona, beg
leave to recommend as follows:
"That those organizations recom
mended by the National Council of De
fense, namely:
"1. The Red Cross.
"2. The Salvation Army and,
"3. The six under the Fordick Com-
misison: Y. M. C. A. and the Red Trl
angle league, Y. W. C. A.; Knights
of Columbus; Jewish Welfare league;
the War Camp Community service and
the American Library association.
"4. And those well organized local
and state charitable, religious and
eleemosynary associations and cor
porations shall have permission to so
licit funds within the state of Arizona.
"All solicitation of funds by any
persons or organizations not enumer
ated above is hereby prohibited until
authorization is first obtained from
the Arizona State Council of Defense."
TREASONABLE WORDS
CHARGED AGAINST
FARMERATYUMA
JAMES J. BASWELL TAKEN INTO
CUSTODY ON CHARGE OF LAUD
ING GERMANY AND DEMEANING j
UNITED STATES AND HER AL-j
LIES IN PUBLld UTTERANCES I
central
TODAY ONLY
Continuous 6:45 to 11
TODAY ONLY
A Great Writer, RUDYARD KIPLING, with Wolcot
Balestier, Wrote a Great Book
HARRISON LEADS
OVER
VARDAMAN FOR
(By Review Leased Wire)
JACKSON, Miss., Aug. 21. With re
turns available tonight from all the
eighty-two counties in Mississippi the
nomination of Congressman Pat Har
rison of Gulfport as the democratic
candidate for United States senator
over James K. -Vardaman, the incum
bent and former governor N. F. Noel,
was considered certain. The returns
available tonight follow: Harrison,
48,740; Vardaman, 35,672; Noel, 5815.
NEBRASKA PRIMARIES
LINCOLN, Neb., Aug. 21. Returns
from yesterday's primary election re
ceived upto 9 o'clock tonight showed
United States Senator George W. Nor
ris leading his opponents by about
1000 votes for the republican nomina
tion for the United -States senate.
John H. Morehead, former governor,
has probably won in the democratic
race for nomination as United States
senator.
In the democratic gubernatorial con
test. Governor Keith Neville continues
to hold a commanding lead over
Charles W. Bryan, while Senator R.
McKelvie is running far ahead of Wal
ter Johnson for the republican nomina
tion for governor.
WYOMING PRIMARIES ' "
CHEYENNEA Wyo.. Aug. 21. Rol)i
ert D. Carey, of Careyhurst, has been
nominated for governor on the repub
lican ticket over L. B. A. Condit, of
WBarnum, and M. C. Camplin of Sher
idan. Complete returns from yester
day's primaries have been received
from nineteen of the twenty-one coun
ties in th state, giving Carey 5097,
Camplin 2375 and Condit '1256 votes.
The two counties to be heard from
are the smallest in the state and their
combined vote could not possibly
change any of the results.
Governor Frank L. Houx of Cody,
was renominated on the democratic
ticket over Wm. B. Ross of Cheyenne.
His majority may be more than 500.
The vote thus far stands: Houx
1869, Ross 1498.
J. E. Osborne of Rawlins, won the
democratic nomination for United
States senator over W. W. Sproul of
Casper and J. W. Fisher of Milhurn.
The totals thus far are Osborne 1539,
Sproul 968, Fisher 247.
today LYRIC THEATER today
1
YUMA, Aug. 21. Jemes J. Braswell,
Yuma farmer, was arrestea yesterday
by Sheriff Mel Greenleaf, charged
with sedition in the form of treason
able utterances.
The warrant for Brasweil's arrest
was issued by County Attorney Henry
Wupperman, on complaint of Charles
Winter, manager of R. F. Sanguiuet
ti's Santa Ana ranch.
The warrant was issued on Friday.
Braswell came to 'town yesterday
forenoon. The county attorney, learn
ing that the man was here, notified
the sheriff, who Immediately came
down the hill and found Braswell at
Second and Main, where a Yuma mer
chant was endeavoring to collect a
bill of $32.50 from his. Calling his
men off to one side, the sheriff served
the warrant.
Mr. Winter charges that Braswell
on various occasions stated that he
does not approve of our entry into the
war, that we had no business taking
part in it; that he would do nothing
to help our government; that he
would rather fight for Germany than
for the United States; that he would
rather see his sons fighting for the
kaiser than for the allies; that he
would not let his sons join our army,
and would keep them "out across the
hills" if necessary to prevent them
from being' inducted into the service.
"18
auahlia
It Has Been Made Into a Great SevenPart Photoplay,
With a Great Cast
ANTONIO MORENO AND DORALDINA
The Dazzling Pomp, The Wierd Mysticism, The Haunt-
ing Charm, The Fiery Passion and Deadly Hate
of the East Are All in This Mammoth Seven
Act Play, Adapted from Kipling's Book
Also James Montgomery Flagg's
"One of the Girls You Know"
'K'i-'y
my.t
v'5
EMPLOYES STRIKE
BACK
WAGES
DENVER, Colo., Aug. 21. The pas
senger train employes of the Denver
& Salt Lake railroad today joined the
strike of the freight crews who quit
work last night. The passenger strike
was called late today by A. T. Wait
ney, vice-president of the International
Brotherhood of Railway trainmen. It
was announced that the train sched
uled to leave Denver for Craig tomor
row morning would not be taken out
by the train crew. When the train
which left Denver this morning re
turns tomorrow traffic on the road will
cease as far as the train crews are
concerned.
It was said that the reason the pas
senger employes did not strike simul
taneously with the freight crews was
that they wanted to continue service
long enough to give tourists and others
along the line ah opportunity to re
turn to their hdines.
Judge W. L. Chamberlain of the fed
eral commission Of mediation and con
ciliation telegraphed today that he
would arrive in Denver next Saturday
to endeavor to effect a settlement of
the strike.
The strike was called by the em
ployes in an effort to enforce demands
for $242,000 in back wages which they
assert Is due them in accordance with
the Adamson law .and the increase in
wages granted employes of govern
ment operated railways. The Denver
& Salt Lake railroad is one of the
short lines not taken over by the gov
ernment. The road is in the hands of
a receiver and the court has thus far
declined to authorize payment of the
back pay demanded by the men.
ADMISSION: CHILDREN, 10c;
ADULTS, 15c; RESERVED SEATS, 25c
ATTORNEY GENERAL WILEY E. JONES
Will Deliver a Short War Speech
Business Locals
Wallpaper, oatmeal paper at 60 ,
cents, moire ceilings at 2U cents. Will
call with Bamples.
C. J. BRANDT
Box 150. Phone 456. ;
STANDARD LAUNDRY
For service Phone 57. McConneu
Bros. 574
L. L. Gllman selis liie New Edison,
'the phonograph with a soul"
ROCKH ILL'S STAGE
Blsbee-Tombstone, Leaves Bisbee
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 i. hl, 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone B la bee 5. AdT.
EAGLE Theater
TODAY ONLY
j.-.
CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11
METRO PRESENTS
MAY ALLISON
, IN THE SIX ACT WONDERPLAY
a M.--5J
DANCE.
C ft A. Band Dance, 'Warren Park,
Wednesday and Saturday. Admmls
alon f 0 cent. Ladies tree. AdT. 740
0MT8S
Beauty parlor, shampooing, hair
dressing, manicuring, scalp treatment,
facials. New Art store. Phone 545. 57o
MATERNITY HOME.
Calf Black 673 for. terms, etc.
Advertlsemect-974 .
Dr. Playfatr, Osteopath, 98 Mason
Hill, Mason car atop. Phone Blue 647
Adv. 231
BISBEE SCHOOL OF MUSIC
Private lessons given on the
stringed and band instruments by com
petent instructors. Satisfaction guar
anteed. Phone 335.
437 E. M. BROWN, Director.
From Alicia Ramsey's Stage Play "Bridge"
A Thrilling Drama Touching Upon the Abuses Arising
From Gambling in High Society
Pathe Weekly
Children, 10c; Adults, 15c; Reserved Seats, 25c
KATHLEEN HAIL
Teacher of interpretive, and folk
dancing. Phone 414 602
BETTER GOLF PLAYED
(By Review Leased Wire)
DTNVER. Colo., Aug. 21. Better
gol with lower scores characterized '
the qualifying roPnds of the second !
dav of the state patriotic golf tourna
ment at the Country club course here, i
Harold Fisher of Colorado Springs,
but ' who is, representing the Denver
country club, won the medallist honors
with a score of 157 for the thirty-six
holes. His nearest tompetitors were
Walter Fairbanks and Fred Brown,
both of the Denver country club.
Brown and Fairbanks each made 15S.
The Denver Country club won thn
state team trophy over the Lakewood j
club team. Match play will start to-!
morrow.
Benefit of Devastated France Fund
OFFICIAL
FRENCH
WAR
PICTURES
11 OK: 1IOKI CHILD DAME FASIIIOX
TO THE FARMERETTE. AND SUE DID
CONTINUOUS: 1 to 11
M. H. HOFFMAN CO. PRESENTS
0
Ruth Roland and Milton Sills
IN
ami in ' e a
lhe ge of b
ociety''
A SIX-PART DRAMA
ALBERT E. SMITH PRESENTS HEDDA NOVA and J. FRANK GLENTON IN
"The Women in the Web"
Episode No. 5, "THE HAND OF MYSTERY," In Two Prtj .
4
T y. . - x
i i v y . i . '
Irs -ttifhX
M VJ
: . -
1
BALCONY, 5c
MAIN FLOOR, 10c
RESERVED SEATS, 20c
ATTORNEY GENERAL WILEY E. JONES Will Deliver a Short War Speech
i
-
3 L ..
ir
MOT OF BATTLES, BUT OF ACTUAL CONDI
TIONS IN DEVASTATED FRANCE
Fatuous Frenchmen depicted in scenes of mercy and re
storation. The full fury of the Hun is shown in these
wonderful films. They are new only shown three
times in this country before, and secured here through
the efforts of Mrs. M. E. M. Frantzen, state chairman
and lecturer for the joint committee of the American
Commission on Devastated France.
CONTINUOUS .1 to 1 1 ADMISSION : 1 5c and 23c
Orpheum Theater
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY, AUG. 24 and 25
' ' ' ' i- Kr
This is the latest authorized costume for milady to wear when she
does her gardening. It is made of khaki denim. It is a two-piece cos
tume with a smock-like coat for the upper part and bloomers taking the
place of the nkirt. Not the odd fastening at the knees nd the heavy boiU.
LANE'S TRAVEL SERVICE BUREAU.
Travel-hotel information, ROOM RESERVATIONS, accommodations
secured for induividuals. parties, lodges, societies, associations, organiza
tions, during celebrations and conventions NO CHARGE.
Auto stage tickets and seat reservations secured. (Daily service.
San Francisco to Imperial Valley. Camp Kearny, Riverside Aviation
Field, etc.) Autos furnished for private use. reliable, competent drivers,
go everywhere- Write, phone, or call. LANE'S TRAVEL SERVICE BU
REAU. 822 WEST 6th STREET. LOS ANGELES. CALIFORNIA. Phone:
Pico 1007; Home 10743
LOS ANGELES
LOS ANGELES
Gates Hotel $1 Hotel Lee $1
FIREPROOF
Sixth and Figueroa Streets
Cafe and Restautrant Garage In
Connection Cloae to Stores, The
aters and All Car Lines. Los An
geles' Finest Tourist and Family
Hostelry. TAKE TAXI AT OUR
EXPENSE. Lee Holladay. Pres. and
Mgr. Geo. A. Collins. Sec'y.
With Bath.
Sixth and Figueroa Streets.
Modern Rates, 75c to $3.00
Special Summer and Weekly Rates
All di pot cars pass the door. Gar
age connected. Cafe next door.
WM. B. CLARK, Prop.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A. BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK