4
TWO SECTIONS
Sixteen Pages.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 30, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOL. 21. NO. 17.
t
Mi
9
i
i
. i
i
QUIET ON ILL
FRONTS SAYS
HP.
German Offensive Still De
layed Inexplicably Over An
other Week While Allies
Make Local Gains
FRENCH OBTAIN" OBJECT
Preparation Now Nearly Com
plete for . Resumption of
German Drive but Not
Known Where Will Start
(By Review J .eased Wire)
Another week has passed without
the Germans resuming their offensive.
The entente allies have shown thje
greatest activity during this period
and in several parts of the battle
zone have carried the fight to tho
enemy.
These actions have been local in
character but have been fought for im
portant immediate objectives which
have strengthened the al'ied lire
where it needed bolstering. At various
points the allies have placed in jeop
ardy the enemy's tenure of certain
parts of the line and have attend".'
their control over wide sectors of the
front
This was the notable result of the
attack near Belleau wood on the
Marne front, by the Americans on
Wednesday. They did not seek to
break through the German line, but
wanted to reach high ground which
would command the villages of Torcv
and Bouresches. This ground now its
securely in their possession.
The French, attacking southwest of
Soissons, on the Aisne front, had the
same object in view. They hurled
themselves at the German line with
such gallantry that in little over a a
hour they penetrated to a ' depth of
more than a mile' over a front of U
most three miles and captured more
than 1000 prisoners. German counter
attacks against the new French posf
tions have been repulsed with heavy
losses to the enemy.
The British, on the Lys salient of
the Flanders front cut into the German
lines on Thursday and succeeded in
shoving the enemy from his positions
on several little ridges of land to Iotv
er levels. .
There is reason for believing that
preparations are now nearly complete
for a resumption of the German dnv.
Just where the blow will fall is nr
known. The blow is expected to eclipse
the ferocity of the attacks before Cam
brai and the Aisne. An epidemic of
influenza in the German army is re
ported and this, together with the pre
valence of typhoid, dysentry and oth
er diseases, may delay the onset for
a time. '''.
A week ago the Austrians began
their flight across the Piave river from
the western bank where they had re
ceived a sanguinary check at the
hands of the Italians. It is possible
now to view the event in its true per
spective and simulate the victory of
the Italians as a great defensive
triumph. General Diaz, the Italian
commander in chief, has not pursued
the Austrians further than the Piave.
except for the setting up of strong
bridgeheads on the eastern banks of
the river.
There is still danger of another at
tack being launched against Italy, this
time from the mountain front and with
German forces leading their allies in
their attempt to force their path down
into the Italian plains. For this rea
son apparently. General Diaz is con
tent to hold the Piave strongly and to
wait, for the moment at least, any
further attacks against his vital moun
tain positions.
The situation in Russia is obscure.
While there are indications that fine
sway of the Bolshevik may be near its
end, there is no confirmation of the
reports the government of Lenine and
Trotzky has been overthrown. The
same situation obtains as to Siberia
where the Bolshevik and the German
and Austrian - prisoners of war are
fighting against the Czecho-Slovaks or.
the west and General Semenoffs army
on the east.
The emperor of Austria has refused
to accept the resignation of Premier
Von Seydler's cabinet and he has call
ed on parliament to meet on July 16.
It has been said in recent dispatches
that the program to be laid before the
Austrian parliament will be quite lim
ited in scope.
British and German torpedo boat pa
trol fleets off the Belgian coast had a
brief encounter on Thursday evening,
but when the Germans received rein
forcements the British withdrew
without loss, apparently, having been
inflicted by either side.
AUSTRIAN STATEMENT
VIENNA, (via London) June 29
The Austrian war office statement to
day says:
"Near Zenson-Noventa Pi Piave en
my reconnotierinir detachments at
tempted to cross the river.
"On the remainder of the front there
REV EW
(Continued on Page Three)
BERNHARDI COMMANDED
CORPS DEFEATED FRIDAY
BY BRITISH ARMY
(By Review Leaned Wire)
WITH THE RRITISH ARMY IN
FRANCE, June 29 (By The Asso
ciated Press). An interesting side
light of the, defeat which the Brit
ish dealt to two German divisions
east of Nieppe Forest yesterday is
iha net ttifii f!en Friederich A. J.
Von Bernhardi, was the commander
of the army corps that suffered this
henw chastisement. Von Bernhar
di has been a writer of articles on
the war. the majority of which con
tained hitter attacks on the British.
A short time ago it was reported
he was killed but it now definitely
in established that he is command
ing this corps in Flanders, which
failed to stop the British onrush.
SUTTER COMES
OUT FOR HIGH
STATE OFFICE
1
Places His Candidacy for Gov-
emor on High Plane of Cit
izenship and Public Wel
fare In announcing himself as a candi
date for the democratic nomination
for the governorship of Arizona, Sen
ator Fred Sutter places bis candidacy
upon the high .grouid of American cit
izenship and a desire to unite elements
of the citizenry now far apart. In eth
er words he intends to be a governor
of and for all the people, if elected.
His written announcement follows:
In announcing my candidacy for the
nomination for the office of governor
on the Democratic ticket at the com
ing primaries I do so with full reali
zation of the responsibilities which
must necessarily attach to that, office
at a time when our nation is engaged
in the prosecution of a war which
threatens to tax the resources of our
country to their fullest extent and the
successful prosecution of which can
only be brought about through the ad;
vice and counsel of capable and effi
cient men, loyal to their state and na
tion, occupying high public positions.
I offer myself as 'a candidate realizing
that the ordinary issues of politics do
not figure in these days and that the
paramount cbject is to place' men in
public office who have the interest of
the state and nation at heart, and who,
when elected, will not stoop to playing
the gamefcf small politics at the ex-
(Continued on Page Three)
ED AGIST
BIG COMPANIES
Profiteering in Face of Na
tion's N e e d , Is Alleged
Against Some of Largest
Concerns in Country
WASHINGTON, June 29. Profi
teering on a tremendous scale In prac
tically all the basic commodities of
life, was reported to the senate to
day by the federal trade commission,
as the result of an exhaustive investi
gation. "Inordinate greed and bear-faced
fraud" as well as "war pressure for
heavy production" the commission re
ported as the causes.
Re-apraisements of proprieties were
made by great concerns when it be
came evident the government was
about to fix prices on a basis of re
turn on investment, the report says,
and salaries, allowances and expenses
were in many instances padded to
show Increased cost of conducting
business.
The outstanding features of its in
vestigation, the commission reported,
was the evidence of a tendency to in
crease and maintain prices against the
forces of competition.
Of all the big profits disclosed by
the investigation, the report says, the!
profits of the meat packers and those !
allied with them and by the flour
miller, stand foremost despite the fix
ing of prices of the government.
Manipulations of the market by the
five great packers Armour, Swift,
Morrs, Wilson and Cudahy the com
mission asserts, embrace every device
'hat Is useful to them without regard
to law.
The report charges that the five con
cerns have monopolistic control of the
meat industry and "are reaching for
like domination of other products."
During 1915. 1916 and 1917. the re
port savs these companies "pocketed"
$140,000,000. "The experience with
MANIPULATION
CHAR
(Continued on Pag Four)
FOOD CARDS
IN EFFECT
Local Grocers Will Begin En
rolling Their' Customers
Tomorrow in List of Card
Users
BLANK CARDS READY
Sale of Bread, Flour Pastes
and Sugar Will be Sold to
Consumers by Presentation
of Card Only
Effective Monday morning, July
1st, a card system will be in ef
fect throughout the state, to con- '
trol sales of bread, flour, pastes,
and sugar, according to announce
ment made Saturday by the deal
ers' association. ,
The advisability of adopting'
such a plan has been considered
by State Food Administrator Rior
dan for some time yast and experi
' ments were first made in Mari
' copa county. The card system has
proven very satisfactory in the .
Phoenix district, and Mr. Riordaa
plans to have it operative through
out the state, commencing July 1,
Blank cards are now in the
hands of the local grocers and
bakers who will be prepared to .
enrol' their customers tomorrow
morning.
Local Dealers Agree
A meeting of local grocers and bak
ers was held Friday night at the of
fices of the Warren district commer
cial club, at which 'time the card sys
tem was thoroughly discussed. Dealers
appreciate the difficulties in connec
tion with the adoption of the system
locally, but are -unanimous in their
belief in the necessity for the card
sysctem and the 'results that will 'Ulti
mately be attained.
Supplied' With Cards
All dealers in the district are now
supplied with cards and will be in a
position to explain the 'system to their
customers Monday morning. It is ab
solutely essential that each purchaser
cf bread, flour, paste (macaroni) and
sugpr, for household use, fill out a
card.
Method cf Operation
Cards are retained by the dealer and,
as p.t'chases are made they are check
ed off the card. The dealer really
acts as agent for his customer in se
curing the latters allotment of these
foods. Customers must give name
and address and definite information
in regard to the number of persons in
their families. The allotment in each
case being based on the number of
meals served. While the card re
niains in the files of the dealer, this
does not prevent the customer from
changing dealers. However the sys
tem adopted by the state food admin
istrator does not permit of a division
cf a consumers business among two
or more dealers. The only deviation
being in the bread purchases, whera li
is permitted to designate a baker aa
dealer and file card with him, to.
bread purchases only, and file an ad
ditional card for flour and paste with
a grocer, in such cases consumers
must keep within their limit of six
pounds of floar or bread per person
per month. The sugar allotment is
three pounds per person per month.
- No Duplication Possible
A system has been devised to pre
vent duplicate issues of cards to the
same person by different grocers.
When a consumer flels a card with a
dealer th. latter makes a report or
the customer's name and address and
ON MONDAY
of the quantities of food alloted, and
forwards this itemized report to a
clearing house: At the clearing houRe
the cards reecived from all dealers
are aranged alphabetically and dupli
cates are put aside. Persons who at
tempt to defeat the card system by
filing cards with more than one dealer
are quickly exposed, and their cards
cancelled. Their names are also re
ported to the food administration.
Special Agent Elliot of the state food
administration office, in addressing
local dealers this week stated that in
the Phoenix district, where approxi
mately nine thousand cards were is
sued, there were less than fifteen
cases where consigners attempted to
secure two cards. An arrangement
has been made with Secretary Kuan of
the Commercial club to handle the
cards for the Warren district.
Good Bread Record
It is to be hoped that local residents
will co-operate with their dealers aud
secure their cards before attempting
to make any purchases of flour, bread,
paste or sugar. The Warren district
has a splendid record in the matter
of flour conservation. Those who are
In a position to know, assert that
gales of flour for the first six montln
of 1918 are less than 50 per cent of
the amount sold during the first six
months of. 1917. It has been the pur
pose of the food administration to
keep 1918 sules to 70 per cent of 1917
(Continued on Page Four).
PROGRAM FOR JULY FOURTH AT THE
WARREN PARK UNDER THE AUSPICES
BISBEE CHAPTER, AMERICAN RED CROSS
4:00 p. m Pledging of allegiance to Flag, by Boy Scouts and Camp Fir- J
Girls.
4:15 p. m. Reading of Declaration of Independence.
Reading of President Wilson's message. J
4:45 p. m. First Aid Demonstration, Boy Scouts. ;
5:0it p. m. Motion Song and Dance. Camp Fire Girls. ,
5:15 p. m. Tug War. C. & A. vs. Copper Queen. 1
5::i0 p. m. Potato and Molasses-Doughnut Races, by Small Boys. (Prizes) j
G:00 to 7:00 p. m.--Supper hour.
7:00 p. in. "Amefiean." Sung by Community Chorus and Audience.
Patriotic Address, Cleon T. Knapp. f
7:30 p. m. Spirit of the Japanese Red Cross, Mrs. Tokeo Shikainura.
7:45 p. in. Tableaux: ;
ta) Women of Civil War United in Working for Red Cros. j
(b) Vision of the Junior Red Cross.
(c) Final Tableaux Allied Nations Grouped at Feet of Go;l- i
dess- of Liberty. j
8:15 p. m. May-pole Dance followed by Virginia Reels and General Dane- i
ing.
National Airs and Songs of Our Allies will be sung before and after the
speaking and during the tableaux. i
Refreshments, cold drinks and ice cream will be served from 12 o'clock
until 2 by the Catholic 'women; 2 to 5 by Y. W. C. A. women and from
5 o'clock pn by "High Y" girls. Proceeds will be given to Red Cross. !
1700 SHORT
RT LINE
RELEASED
Administration 'Returns
Alout 30,000 Miles of Rail
Lines to Private Owners by
Order
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. June 29. About
1700 short line railroads were turned
back to private management today y
the railroad administration, a few
hours before congress passed legis
lation intended to prevent the relin
quishment of many of them. Between
300 and 400 of the roaiis relinquished
had sought to remain under govern
ment management. About 400 s'.iort
lines were retained a part of the na
tional system.'
Officials of the railroad adminis
tration said they hoped the action
would not be regarded as defiance of
congress. Members of congress de
clared it would have been possible to
delay sending the messages of relin
quishment until tomorrow.
The attitude of officials opposed to
keeping all short lines is thaj it would
constitute an unnecessary financial
risk for the government, since many
short roads were arganized for finan
cial or tactical reasons, rather than
because they were needed as carriers.
Announcement of the action was
withheld by the railroad administra
tion until less than an hour before the
legislation which would have stopped
it was finally enacted. It was explain
ed that the course was made neces
sary by the railroad act's provision
requiring the government to decide be
fore July 1, which short lines would
be retained und which relinquished.
Railroad officials also explained that
since the legislation was not taken
w by either house of congress until
about 4 o'clock this afternoon they
could not know whether It would be
enacted. The legislation is virtually
nullified. More than 1200 of the roads
turned back to private management
were industrial or plant facility lines,
or others which did not seek to re
main under government control, and
over which no issue existed. Many
of those relinquished may be taken
back later, it was announced, and will
be given' 'air divisions of joint rates,
insured a reasonable car surplus and
protected against undue disturbance in
traffic routing. Special study will be
given their problems by a new short
line Bection of the railroad adminis
tration. Short lines represent about 30.000
miles of track in the United States
or about one-seventh of the total rail
way mileage.
The legislation of congress was in
the form of a resolution extending
from. July 1 to next January 1, the
period in which the railroad adminis
tration would have been forced to
decide Its course affecting short lines,
with an amendment providing tha?
lines in competition or in physical
connection with railways operated by
i the government should not be turned
back to private management agn'.nst
their will.
The names of short lines relin-
quished will be announced Monday by
the railroad administration, although
telegrams notifying the presidents of
these roads of the tction were sent
out today.
NO PERISHABLE GOODS
(Bv Review leased Wire
WASHINGTON, June 29. No more
perishable goods, such as fruit and
foors will be accepted at postofflces
for mailing to troops because almost
always they cannot be delivered in
edible condition.
GOES TO PRESIDENT
4Tv Piv!p 1 enCfl Wire
WASHINGTON. June 29 Congre
completed the $1,610,000,000 naval :rt
propriation hill late today and sent it
to the president for his signature.
ROADS
BY GOVERNMENT
RED FALLS DOWN
WHEN QUESTIONS
a
Wobbly Experience Fails to
Measure Up to His Claims
While Delivering Charac
teristic Lecture
Rv Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO. June 29. "Red" Doran,
who was permitted to lecture in court
as part of the evidence in the I. W.
W. defense and spoke of alleged unsan
itary conditions in northwestern lum
ber camps, had only spasmodic expe
rience as a worker in these camps, it
appeared on cross examination today.
He admitted that he never had worked
in a lumber camp or mill except in
the blacksmith shop.
Charles Ashleigh, the third defend
ant to take thn witness stand, said lie
became interested in the labor move
ment in Eugl.ind. In ISO.j when he
tame to the L'nited States, he became
interested in the I. W. W. In New
York, he sa'd, he did some work for
Miss Anne Morgan. '
He testified that the I. W. W. aims
at industrial rather than government
al reform. In the L'nited States, he
said, there is an advanced political
democracy and an industrial autoc
racy. "So long as this condition obtains,
liberty Is little more than a sentiment,"
he said.
Charles R. Griffin, another defend
ant, related numerous experiences
with his employers during eighteen
years spent in the woods as a lumber
jack. He defended the I. W. W. prop
aganda and tcld of conditions which
he said had been responsible for
many strikes in the northwest lumber
camps.
MARINE CASUALTIES
(Ry Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. June 29. Today s
marine corps casualty list contained
forty-one names divided as follows:
Killed in action, twenty-four died
of wounds, eight; wounded severely,
seven.
Privates Joseph B. Cayler, Mount
Houston. Texas, and Leo T. Leyden,
Denever. Colo., were killed in action,
and Priv. Hogey Brown, Rock Creek.
Texas, died of wounds.
No other man from Texas, Colorado.
New Mexico or Arizona was named in
the list.
ARMY CASUALTIES
WASHINGTON, June 29. Today's
army casualty list contained forty-two
names divided as follows:
Killed in action, five; died of
wounds, twelve; died of accident and
other causes, two; died of disease,
two; wounded severely, fourteen;
missing in action, seven.
No one from Colorado, New Mexico,
Arizona or Texas was named In the
list.
MAY RETAIN OFFICE
view
AMSTERDAM. June 29 The Berlin
press is now predicting that Dr. Von
Kuehlmann. the German foreign sec
retary will retain his office. In fact
j' CfH n' 'l,neT"P!:" .,1,H,i're
that he will remain at his post.
Dr. Von Kuehlmann. however, will
not be free from attacks by his oppon
ents the Dusseldorf Nachrichten as
serts and it predicts a fresh collision
between his adherents and those in
opposition to him.
CONTINUANCE GRANTED
rrtv Review T.easel Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 29. Con
tinuance until the California supreme
court has finally disposed of the case
of Thomas J. Mooney. under sentence
of deuth here in connection with th
preparadness day bomb explosion w!'l
be asked by the state in the cases of
Mooney, his wife. Rena. Israel Wein
berg and Kdwanl Nolan, all of whom
are awaiting trial on charges growing
out of the bomb explosion Investigation
THICKLY
GLOBE WORKERS MADE
TO PROVE PATRIOTISM BY
SHOWING THEIR CARDS
(By Review I-easeil Wire)
GLOliK. Ariz.. June 29. Manager
oodward of the Iron Cap mine.
posted notices at t'i property this
peny tins 7
afternoon, that all mt-n within the f
I draft age repotring for work Mon- j
day morning, must show their class- i
ifii-atiou card. This move wi!l he ?
i followed by the other properties ot )
J the district in an effort to elimin- J
j ato all "draft evaders" from em- j
pli yinent in this district. The local I
i draft board lias been conducting a S
1 systematic campaign in this district j
( against all draft evaders, through j
J the medium of the mine employ- j
ment on icers. .No man will be given
a clearance card who cannot prove
! his right to be exempted from army
service.
SENATE PASSES""
TWELVE BILLION
E
Favor Larger Army but Hesi
tate to Instruct for Raising
Five Millions in View of
Conditions
fRv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. June 29. In pass
ing the twelve billion dollar army cp
propriation bill today the senate em
phasized sentiment for enlarging the
army beyond 3.0UO.OOO men provided
in the measure, but declined while
awaiting the war department's new
expansion program, specificnlly tr di
rect the president to raise an army of
5.000.000. After a week's debate and
without a roll call or dissenting vote
the huge supply measure a world's
WAR
MEASUK
record breaker was sent io confer- j ments depends largely upon future de
ence between the two houses with a velopnients "
view to Its enactment next Monday. j,aterisU " increa8. d the t
when the apporpriations are needed. wen the .forces of General Persh
None of the applanations tor the , tf - announcement
array s part in the war for 'he fiscal f, Amerian Ujvi8,ons which
year beginning July 1 was reduced by ; ha been br,gaded wh the Bsiu,;i ,
the senate. Instead lit increased many . ,raminR nave been npon to tne
items, approved without chenge. the
house clause clothing the preside U
with unlimited authority to increase
the army by further draft calU and
added scores of important legislative
I 1IIC1 3.
A fut
ile effort was mad today oy
senators
, . VU, 1 PV.11U,
Ing an army increase. An amendment
by Senator McCumber of North Da
kota proposing to "direct fhe presi
dent to enlarge the army to 5,000,000
enlisted men. as speedily as equip
ment and clothing could be obtained.
(Continued on Page Four)
scoreWas
result of fall
of old store
Building Under Repair inj
Sioux City, la., Collapses
and Ruins Burn, Incinerat
ing Imprisoned Men
(Ttv Review Leased Wire)
SIOUX CITY. June 29. The toll of
dead in the Ruff building, a three
story brick structure at Fourth and
Douglas, which collapsed at 1:30 this
afternoon was estimated tonight at ten
to twenty, with a score more injured.
Most of the injured are not seriously
hurt. The financial loss is placed at,
$100,000. The Ruff building was being
remodeled and the collapse is believed I
to have been due to removal of old I
...r.nnrts The structure was erected
Jiearlv fifty years ago and was one of ;
the oldest buildings in the city. The ,
dead are:
ini SxUeth Walter Nelson. Rot
Ostranger. Louis Schuter. Chas. Kugel. ! The first fund amounted to $110.
and one unidentified. ; 475.125 of which $15,895,211 as re-
Otis noruff. critically hurt, was dug funded to or retained by local chap
out at 10 o'clock tonight. Alfred Han-j ters.
son. one of the owners of the Ruff! A financial statement Issued today
Drug company, is missing. ; shows Red Cross receipts from all
Five tailors employed on the third ' sources during the eleven months end
floor of the Ruff building are believed ing May 31 were $11".544.2SI. which
to he burled in the basement. ! with $3,134,904 on hand July 1 last
When the Ruff building collapsed j year, brought the total to $I20.679.1SS.
the east wall fell cn the Chain grocery Of this $12,090,633 came from the sec
and I eaumnnt and Braunger meat 1 end war fund drive. Total appropria
markets. two stories, crushing both. A , tions during the period were $10O.9S5.
number of persons are believed to be , 498 of which $S3,745.212 had been ex
buried in the ruins of these buildings. ' pended to May 31. I'nencirmbered r-
Fire which broke out In the ruins of : sources were $19,593,690 on May 31.
the Ruff building added to the perils i
of those imprisoned. All the firemen
In t.'ie city, assisted by hundreds of
volunteers, aided in fighting the flames
and In searching the ruins. The es
cape of Oscar Ruff, one of the pro
prietors of the store from death bor
dered on the miraculous. After being
imprisoned under tons of debris for
over eight hours he was finally dug
(Contltvied on Page F'uir)
AMERICANS
REACHING
T
First Contingent Consisted
Mainly of Sanitary and
Special Units to be Supple
mented Later
NUMBER NOT PUBLISHED
General March Admits Forces
in .France Increased Mate
rially During Week but
States No Number
WASHINGTON. June 29 Safe arri
val in Italy of the first contingent of
military forces which will represent
the United States, was announced to
day by General March, chie of staff.
Sent direct from this countrv. ih
ftraops landed yesterday, to supplement
otners ordered from France by General
Pershing.
Sanitary units compose the greater
part of the first 'arrivals but "other
special units" also were included.
General March reiterated the state
ment that the bulk of the combatant
American troops going to Italy will
be .ent from the western front, their
places being immediately taken by
new regiments from the United SU'e.
"No detinite plan for the increase
cf this "orce from the United States
has been reached." Secretary Baker
said later tn commenting upon the an
nouncement. "It should be emphasized
, that the shlDment of further inrre.
American army.
' While the actions uluug the Ameri
can sectors during the week have been
entirely lecal in character, the chief of
gtaf; gaid ,he resu,u hav h(Jwn (hft.
, ,ngt hejr own fijje examl)le9 of ,n
Qjvjdua, v,or naye be)
been reported.
Viewing the military situation as a
whole. General March was of the opin
ion that the situation is extremely fav
orable to the allies. He said the Aus
trian defeat was extremely valuable,
both from a military and psychological
sense.
General March had not received off!
cial reports of the British and French
successes on Friday and. therefore
withheld comments. He also refrained
from announcing the total number or
men shipped from American embarka
tion ports to date, but intimated that
a statement might be made later in
the coming week.
MAN SHOOTS TOO-MUCH
MARRIED BRIDEGROOM
' ON EVE OF WEDDING
Fy Review Leased 'Wire)
MEMPHIS. Tenn.. June 29.
Robert L. Temple, of Chicago, was
shot and killed here today with
in an hour of the time set for his
marriage to Miss Mena Graham of
Meridian, Miss., by her father, J.
R. Graham.
Graham surrendered and. ac
cording to the police said he kill
ed Temple in self-defense.
Miss Graham was standing
within a short distance of the men
and one of her fingers was shat
tered by a bullet.
According to a police statement.
Graham declared that Tempi,
when the hour of the wedding ap
proached, admitted that he had an
undivorced wife living.
red CROSS FUNDS
REACH HUGE TOTAL
Rv' Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. June 29 Red Cross
subscriptions in the second war fund
drive amounts now to 170.03S.309 with
returns still coming in, ntaional head
Quarters today announced.
AVIATOR IS KILLED
(Pr Review Leased Wire)
DAYTON O., June 29 When an air
plane in which he waa flying here late
todav went into a nose dive at a
height of 1200 feet. Lester E. Holt. 29.
of Lob Angeles, tester for a New York
aircraft company, was instantly killed.
The machine landed In a corn field,
crushing Holt to death.
ITALY RON THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 30, 1918.
New Summer Voiles at 35c Yard
Come in and see this complete line you'll be interested immediately;
line cotton veils of beautiful quality in pretty designs the material you
will want for summer dresses.
What About a New Flag for the Fourth?
Our Line of Flags Is Complete
Fine Silk Hose $1.50
Summer weather calls for summer
footwear.
Summer footwear calls for summer
hosiery.
And here it is, having pure thread
silk stockings with pretty combination
of stripes, in all sizes.
W. S.
S.
Are you doing your share
toward helping Bisbee meet
its quota in the present war
stamp drive?
The Fair's stamp booth on
each floor.
TWO
BIG LOT PARASOLS, Vz PRICE
Pretty combinations of silk, pongee and
cotton materials in both long and short
handles and at the beginning of the summer
season too. (Main Floor)
AUTO VEILS AT LESS
Dozens of pretty colors of auto veils some
plain others with colored dot3 and figures
in lengths from 1 yards to 3 yards long of
chiffon, silk, organdies and wash sjlks.
SALE of Women's and Misses' GINGHAM DRESSES
It Is Surprising What $4.95 Will Do in the Way of a
Summer Dress at "The Fair" A
Real Hand Embroidered
Undermuslins $2 to $3.50
A belated shipment of French hand-embroidered
undermuslins, consisting of gowns, envelope
chemise and corset covers. The materials are
sheer, dainty designs in embroidery work some
are hemstitched with scaloped edges; others are
trimmed with real linen and val laces. Every
piece shows the wonderful workmanship. Many
are empire styles some V neck and others
round. Sizes run full and all are worth at least
25 per cent.more than marked, but on account of
coming later than expected have been marked at
this low price $2.00 to $3.50. (Second Floor)
A $3.95 Sale of Blouses
A manufacturer needed money. We heard,
about him, saw the big values in blouses, and
bought them for far less than the cost of mate
rials. There is the story and here are the blouses.
Georgette and Crepe de Chine also many
pretty stripes in silk and pongees. Many pretty
new styles and all sizes. They come in flesh
white, maize and all the newest summer colors j
and combinations $3.95. (Waist Department)
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday
These are our regular stock, regular prices up to $8.50 of extra good quality gingham. The material alone
would cost you more than the finished garment. They come in large plaids and checks in combination colors
of pink, blue and lavander some real striking styles long and short waisted belted effects some trimmed
in contrasting colors. Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday three days only $4.95.
$22.50 Sleeveless Coats $14.95 ,
Women's baronette satin sleeveless coats only a limited number, made with long wide sash belt that hangs
down the back and have two large buttons in front lined with high grade silk combinations of contrasting
colors. An ideal summer wrap and very popular. Colors are white, with light blue collar and light blue with
white collar. These garments sold regularly at $22.50 sale price $14.95.''
Women's Neckwear l2 Price SSZ
This is anextratordinary good sale of women's neckwear. A great variety of novel effects in satins, Geor
gette crepe, Crepe de Chines and washable collars of lawn organdies and pink, suitable for suits, dresses and
waist3. Included are the popular Gypsy ties. Buster Brown and roll collars of almost every shade. Collar
and cuff sets of satin. Georgette and organdies. Beautiful vestees of washable materials as well as the dainty
shades of satin and dozens of other styles all to be on sale Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday at one-half
regular selling price. (Main Floor
New Silk Blouses
In Georgette Crepe QC
Silk Crepe de Chine O.ZfD
-Just arrived: Georgette and Crepe de Chine
blouses. They ought to sell for more for the
Georgette shows weight and quality and the
workmanship is perfect. The Crepe de Chine's
are softer. The embroidery is not lavish but fine
and befitting good taste, some are beaded, but
not overdone. Others are plain and just tailored,
but very fine and dainty. There are many styles
and all sizes in the season's newest colors at
$5.95.
Kayser's Silk
Gloves, pair
75c
The finishing touch to the summer costume.
That's what gloves are, and for street or dress
wear or for a trip, these silk, gloves will solve
that problem- When they become soiled, wash
them in soap and water. All sizes priced 75c
to $1.50 a pair.
A Marvelous Millinery Event
For 3 Days Before the Fourth Q
Choice of Any Hat in the Dept. Pt". 7-
A revelation in extreme values featuring the presentation of hundreds of
fascinating hats in delightful crisp, fresh, new summer styles to go on ink
ling of the real values double and tripple the sale price. Trimmed hats at
$4.95. Light coolred hemps in combinations with crepe and silk natural col
ored leghorns lavishly adorned with flowers, and a few jaunty hats in smart
colorings, stunning lisere shapes trimmed with fancy feathers and flowers
and the season's newest styles in all white Italian Milan. .. Banded sailors in
straight brims and slightly drooping brims trimmed in wide tailored ribbon
bands. Just for three days only $4.95.
(Millinery Department, Second Floor)
SALE OF GIRLS' DRESSES
o
And not alone is the price going to interest mot
locking and such a variety that it will be a pleasur
white and colored voiles and organdies, and man
embroidered .and others have pretty satin belts an
Sizes 4 to 1 4 years and everyone at sale prices.
$2.00 Dresses now $1.50
$3.00 Dresses now 2.25
$3.50 Dresses now.. 2.65
$4.00 Dresses now 3.00
$5.00 Dresses now .-. 3.75
r
Ages for 4 to 14 Years
hers and girls, but the dresse3 are smart and cool
e to select them. They are in the latest styles in all
y pretty ginghams and percales. Some are hand
d lace trimmings. Pretty pink collars and cuffs.
i 4
$ 6.50 Dresses now ... ....$4.88
$ 7.00 Dresses now 5.25
$ 8.50 Dresses now 6.38
$10.00 Dresses now.. 7.50
$12.50 Dresses now....: :. 9.37
h? i irr ti 1 1 i I
u m Py
are- -mvf
! i 3 kV.
J
i
,.-..
Just Arriveda Complete Line of
New Wardrobe Trunks
The padded hinged top on the wardrobe section of the Hartmann
Ritehite Wardrobe Trunk permits instant access to any garment.
You don t have to fumble through he entire contents ot your trunk
to pet what vou want.
Any article of clothing may be removed without disturbing the
others.
Think of the time and annoyance this saves. Better yet, in
Hartmann Wardrobe Trunks
he hinged ton of the wardrobe section is PADDICD. This holds the clothes in a firm
but cushioned grip, immovable en route. They unpack without a wrinkle. No piecing
necessary. And remember, t'ns is possible only wr-i a tiur mann. in piare oi mw
usual handling straps and tapes a siryplc adjustable devi e c'nprrs:;e the clolln s and
prevents bulging. Hartmann unbreakable hangers provide for quick and easy packing.
Let u$ show you this and other Hartmann Trunks and you'll understand why Hartmann
Trunks are the choice of experienced travelers everywhere. ,
Special Showing Boys' Junior
Soldier Suits
Aees 3 to 16 Years
TIipv ate made of khaki with leceins and can to match both 1
and short trousers.
(Second Floor, Men's Department)
Boys' Sport Shirts and
Blouses at 59c
Values to $1.25. Made of soisette. shambry. percales and maclra
11. r l.l "" 1 -.1 'il I '
both n am and rancv short sleeves. Lan DC worn wnn cuncr i
m
ow collars. Sizes 6 to I 5 years.
on''
Women's Silk Dresses at Less
Styles for women and little women.
Colors and materials that are the very newest
and combinations that are most artistic.
This includes those for the extra size stout worn-.
an up to 50-inch bust. The materials are Georgette
crepe, Crepe de Chine, Foulards, Taffetas.
Colors: Navy, Joffre, blue, tan, taupe and com
bination of large plaids and fancy stripes.
Dresses Worth $25.00 now $18.75 Dresses Worth $35.00 now $26.25
Dresses Worth $29.75 now ... 22.15 Dresses Worth $37.50 now 27.95
Dresses Worth $32.50 now 24.35 Dresses Worth $39.50 now 29.65
Dresses Wo'th $45.00 now 33.75
Women's Suits at Less
Only 30 Suits in This Lot
What an opportunity for women if yo u can find your size. Sizes 40 to 44 mostly
in regulars and 46 to 52 bust for the stout woman. We have decided to put in all of the
remaining stock of our high grade suits at this reduction. Colors mostly navy blues
and checks. Materails are tricketine, gaberdine, maniih serges and silk, strictly tailored.
At the reduced prices and marked values t'aey represent a saving of 50 per cent.
Regular Prices $25.00, now $18.75 Regular Prices $45.00, now...: $32.75
Regular Prices $35.00, now 26.25 Regular Prices $52.00, now...., 37.95
Regular Prices $39.50, now 28.90 Regular Prices $57.00, now 42.00
ReauiarLe Skirts at Special Prices
You'll have to be here Monday to see them to really be enthusiastic about the values and with nearly a
whole season before you to wear them and the prices as low as the end of the season could possibly bring
you. They come in black taffeta plaid and striped silk made with large pocket3 with tunic efefcts, some
tailored styles only a limited line and mostly extra sizes.
$12.50 Skirts now $ 8.95 $19.75 Skirts now j. $13.95
$15.00 Skirts now $11.65 $22.50 Skirts now 16.45
4
ENTRANCE
ON
SUBWAY
STREET
REAR
OF
MAIN
B'JILDIflf
We do not know when, if ever before, shoes of the quality and worth of
these have been offered in any such quantity at any such price.
A demonstration of The Fair Annex superior buying power, in spite of
the conditions of the leather market, we come forward with another big
"scoop." This time with shoes for the whole family for summer wear.
Lot 1500 Pairs $1.95
For Men. Women and Bovs
Ladies low heel patent leather exford- buttons nizes
Ladies low heel kid slippers, fancy strap, sizes
1 .rilu itu7 fiutnt lu&tlicr Kllmifrs '2 stran. vfzes
Ladies patetU leather pumps. Cuban heel, fancy strap,
Indies white canvas high shoes, lace, rubber hel and
I.cdics kid slippers tilgn Heel, innr-y strap, sizes
I-H'Iirs white canvas pumps, high heel, sir.es
I-adies white canvas Mary Janes, leather sole sizes
Indies whito ran vhp Mary Janes, rubber sole, all slzi
McnV white and grey high slices and oxfords, all si-ces.
Itnyi' black gun metal lace shoes, sizes'
si.
set
es
e, all
sizes.
.... 2 If; to 6'i
2'u to 5
... 2''j to oVi
o to 7
2-j to 4
. - to Vi
.' . to CV4
Lot 2100 Pairs $1.59
Ladies' and Children's
Lailie.i patent leather Mary Janes, sizes
("ildrcn'ii patent leather slippers, one strap, siz-.s
Children's patent leather Mary Janes, sizes
C'lMdicii's gun metal Mary Janes, broken sizes.
11 to V.
to
to
to
lughj
Lot 3100 Pairs 95c
Only
Children's
Cliii ii Hii'j t'l'elii IimMim Mai .Lines, size
( liii'ln il white canvas Mary Jane:-, sizes .
2 'il ?
2 to S
Parasols at
Bargain Prices
At. the veiy beginning of
summer, loo and yet the prices
are lower than is usually quot
ed at the end of the season.
The latest in sport effects
novelty weave silks in asty
combinations with short and
long handles.
$1.25 Parasols $ .98
$1.45 Parasols 1.10
$1.95 Parasols 1.69
$2.45 Parascls 1.95
$2.95 Parssols 2.35
$3.45 Parasols 2.69
Balcony Dept.
42-Picce
Dinner Sets $5.95
12-pioce China dinner set
with neat gold patterns, on
sale, $5.95.
Ladies' Auto Caps
at 39c
Ladies' auto caps made of
brown and blue materials, all
sizes, 39c
r
r THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 30, 1313.
THREE
SUnER COMES
OUT FOR HIGH
STATE OFFICE
(Continual from Page One)
1 port'on Hi the funds received from theiat'on or person, so that !f nominated
sa!" of st:te lands may l)e used for the ; iind elected to the office cf governor
pn m.iti.m or Irrigation projects and I shall enter on my duties free from
Hi o n-'-i:i :ti:itinii of nriil l;inls in the any obligations incurred through finan
eial aid. 1 shall not be the representa
tive of any .lass or clique, hut will
endeavor to represent all of the peo
ple of the state in a fair, just and
statesmanlike manner, befitting the
pense of the state.' While I announce
Myself as a candidate on the Demo
cratic ticket. I am. first of all tilings
an American citizen and in my cam
paign I shall neither seek the favor
nor fear the displeasure of tliat ele
ment among us which places their per
sonal interest and their loyalty to their
organization above their loyalty to the
state of Arizona and to the I'nited
st.i'e.
1 lip elimination (Vein the state of
ali I. W. V. ami other fees of organ
ised government.
Tit., ln.r.rlii.nivaiidll nf filial' Tf'SM-
ing in tho state i,y ,he compulsory j ol ice of governor of a great state.
teaV.in tc them of the Knglish Ian-! endorse the policies Wdrow
gu,.ge and Lv encouraging a prefer- j - 11 the admin.strnticm of lm
Pl, all oe-uratinns to emplovces ' IBh olfice an.! In his conduct of the
who are American citizens and who I ' 1 ' "'f',,0' " "t'"' ,
c..n sp -ak Hie American language. i -' "niies of the Huns are cntirelv
T:o disc-enraging of pardoning and ' vanquished and democratic govern-pi.roliin-;
criminals confined in the " safe fro... further attacks
state prism without a full and thor I ot autocrat lie war lords,
cugh investigation rf each case an.! l ' declaration of principles
evt-.m'tng executive clrniencv where , and U'.is brief personal history I sub-
the ends of justice can only be met by
sui h parol? cr pardon.
The strict enforcement of the prohi
bition laws of the state.
The advancement and upbuilding of
our public school system to meet the
States. In other words I mean the needs and requirements of our growing
I. V. W.'s and their sympathizers.
I am. and always have been, a firm
believer in the encouragement of the
investment of capital in our state and
believe that the men who develop our
resources and direit our business en
terprises are entitled to settled condi
tions and free progress so long as they
keep within the law.
It has also always been one of my
beliefs that the efficiency of labor can
population.
The absolute, utrirt protection of civ
il rights of soldiers and others engage!
in the prosecution of the war who are
residents o the state..
The merit system in making appoint
ments to public office without regard
to political services rendered in fur
therance of my campaign.
The careful scrutiny of all appropri
ations and disbursements of publi
only be brought about by doing full jus ! moneys and the discouragement of the
tice to the laborer, not only by paying
him living wages, but plso by making
all the conditions that surround him
what they ought to be. TJiese condi
tions include the safe-guarding of life
and the promotion of safety in all oc-
pra,ctiee of using state funds for the
promotion of political enterprises.
The absolute strict enforcement of
the prohibition laws of the state.
I believe in organized labor and
'in the promotion of labor unions
cupatiens and liberal compensation for, for the pwfpose of protecting the
the loss or life and injury to the labor-j rights of the laborers and enforc
er in all industries of a hazardous , ing just demands of the wage einnrs,
nature. but I. do not believe that labor unions
I denour.ee any policy of public of- should be used to control the politics
mit myself to the people cf the state
lor their support in my campaign.
Respectfully submitted.
FRED SUTTKR.
Bisbee. Cochise County, Arizona.
ORGANIZE PARIS DEFENDERS
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
PAK1S, June 29 In an effort to
organize the defense of I'aris against
German raiding airplanes, the aviation
committee of the chamber of deputies
w ill recommend the pursuit of German
machines which bombard the capital
and the creation of three distinct de
fense zones. The first of these zone '
will be exclusively for cannon and air
planes, the next will be defended by
small balloons and the third will be
brilliaitly lighted.
Reprisals against German cities are
demanded by the press.
REDUCTIONS
YOAKUMS RETURN
FROM LONG TRIP IN TAMPP
LAKlit st of Opportunities in WarWork
That Are Open to Trained Women
LIU
I
fRy Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON'. June 29 Reduc
tiens in the quantity of coal consumed
in the manufacture of electricity and
gas will be put into effect soon by an
ficials which tends to arouse class cf the state nor fo.- tie purpose ol I order which the fuel administration
prejudice :nd create discord and strife, violating property rights of employers
among th" residents of the state and or interfering with the prosecution or
to divide the people into antagonistic I the w ar.
groups and destroy the unity of senti-j The strict enforcement of the laws
ment and purpose essential to the wel-1 regarding corporations or combina
fare of tho state. ! tior.s of eapUal. or other organizations
In making my jainptisi I will no; ; iaclufUng organisations of labor, to the
modify my policies nor surrender my j ret! that there shall be no infraction of
integrity for the purpose of obtaining j tl:o laws by either labor or capital,
vctes and w ill net chpiifce my platform i The enforcement of food regulations
to suit the humor of the particular j arc! regulations to conserve the re
community in which I hapven to be. j si.-.irces of i.'ie state in order that our
Seme of the things whkh I advocate Eo'dieis may not suffer from want.
The pledging to the national govern-
ment of all of the resources and man
! power of the state to aid in the sue
; ecs.u:l prosecution of the war.
I pledge myself tn the carrying cut i
' cf the things enumerated above and I
ft -flier base my claim to be nominated I
for, if nminat
e.nnounced today is in preperation. The
fuel administration's announcement
that details have been worked out,
says in every city and village electric
ity is wasted.
in any case, it is expected, the or
der will provide that no theater or
doer lights shall be turned on until
the street lights shall have been light
ed. Unnecessary daylight use of elec
tric lights and electric advertising dis
plays will probably be shut off alto
gether. The order will deal also with
store window lights and will extend to
all kinds of fuel, including gas and
oil."
Bronzed by the wind and sun and
weary from the long trail. Mr. and
Mrs. Jesse Yoakum drove back to town
yesterday frcm their trip to Elephant
Iiutte dam and the Grand Canyon
i .ut they bad a grand time and viewed
many wonderful things and were in
splendid healih. "Kon;) lest read I
ever saw," declared Jesse, "and the
grandest scenery, too. ' Of course, the
whole world knows that, the Grand
Canyon is a seventh wonder, but I
want to tell you th.it the Klephant
Iiutte is no. small and reunion affair
and there are some beautiful spots In
the White mountains."
The Ycakums were gone some three
weeks and had no mishap on their
journey and but little car trouble.
They stopped in Tucson on the way
home and made a side trip down to
Ncgalcs. Mr. Yoakum declared that
transcontinental travel was heavier
than usu:;l this year. "At some of
the little towns up in the r.ioutittvns."
said Jesse, "along the transcontinental
and Grand Canyon reads, it was no
uncommon sight to see as many as
fifty big louring cars at a time. And
every one of these travelers with
whom 1 talked declared that Arizona
was the 'scenic wonder of the west.
They raved, not only of the Grand
Canycn.- but of the White mountains.
j the two dams. Roosevelt and Butte,
the salt Klver valley, i.'ie nox canyons
and gorges and valleys and the cli
mate. "We had the time of our lives on
our trip. Wouldn't .have missed it for
a copper mine. Mighty rough ro3d?.
though, at places on the way, and at
some points there was several thous
and feet cf thin air just below the
edge of tho off side of the running
beard of the car. Over some of those
mountain roads up north you must
steer straight to a hair or you will fall
so far you will think you are a
wrecked aviator before ycu 'light.' "
CONFERENCE ON BORDER
and wl ich I stand
and elected, are: ,
The bringing of the prc.:h;-ivr; p0v.
er and the devclo'. nuu of ..riiO!:a's
resources up tc thi n;n:;iim;!;i by as
suring catiitfil that there v, ii! . l ist in
the state a stable and M'tLVd condition ft her base my claim to be nominated WASHINGTON'. Jure 29. Flans for
among our industries and enterprise j 1 and i ler.tcd to the office of governor of an international labor conference on
so far as is ;r the power of the gover line state cn the fact that I have been: the Mexican border within the next
nor to do sj. ia resident of Arizona for twenty-three three months at which a Pan-American
The ird-jomg of labor to come into, years, during most of which time 1 1 federation of will te organized,
the state to aid in increasing the pro-; have resided in the ,'ity of Bisbee and j were made at a meeting today of
ducts cf the stale and ue-velcping its, have always been a staunch supporter ' American Federation of Labor Offiti
rcsources by the pssurance to labor ! of the principles set forth by the dew- j als and 1 uis N. Morones, Salvador
that the chief executive will safe-'. ee ratio party. My occupation is the Alvarez and P. Morales, representing
guard their rights and promote their practice of law. I have served as j the Mexican federation of labor. Pjep
intcrest to the full extent of his power judge of the Superior Court of Cochise I resent!" ires of labor organizations of
and at the same time prcr.iote fri-r.-'ly County and am at present a member all Pan-American countries will De in
relations between empi:;vr and tui
p'oye t-rt h end that str.krs and ii-
du-trial cli.surd' rs luav :;c oiir.ii.i'Oii 1.
The bu:l:ling of ro:d roads te aid in
the transportation fa.i!':;ies of the
vited.
:' the state senate. I have worked in
the mines and smelters Jt T'shee anu
was rai:-ed o:i a farm in Nebraska, so
that I believe I am in a position to un
derstand the needs of nil classr-s of
state ami lor tt:e purpose of urir.g'n Arizona's citizenship.
communities row r mo'e from eac'i I am personally able to defray the; Wc now judge the individual by
ether more close:!..- tog .l.er. ! expenses or my campaign and will not ; what he does for his country, not for
The amending ol our laws sc that a solicit contributions from any corpor- i bimrself.
Jo'i-Jine-1 High grade ore has bn
shipped fto:n the Bullard. New ma
chinery has been installed recently.
QUIET ON ALL
FRONTS SAYS
A. F. REVIEW
(Continued from Page One)
have been artillery duels of varying
strength everywhere."
FRENCH OFFICIAL
PARIS, June 29. The w ar cr.ice an-Ecn'-cment
tonight srays:
"There is nothing to report except
quite marked artillery activity between I
tne uurcq anu tne Marne anu in-i
rtgion ccst of Rheims."
(S'leclal in Tim Ri' i w
TAMI'll'O. Mo! . Jur.e t"l --Tl,r".
big developments by very important
interests are now planned, as a result
of investigations made here in the past
year, and the increase of the import
ance cf this field will be tremendous.
The interests which have deter
mined to enter the Tampico district
with developments on i large scale,
and which already have preliminary
plans being worked out, are:
The John Hays Hammond interests,
known locally through the corporation
International Petroleum company.
Hie Atlantic Refinery company, now
being incorporated to take over the
Producers' Terminal and Panuco Pos
ton properties.
The 1'i.ion Oil company or Califor
nia, the largest independent on the
Pacific coast.
The investigations for the Hammond
interests was made by Patrick Cong
don, who left here a month ago with
a report strongly recomniendinsr the
entrance of the company in this field.
His report will doubtless be acted up
on as a final determining fictor. and
Ii. i known that the report favors im
mediate action and a very large out
lay here to carry out a program of
big production and plants for the treat
ment at tiiis point of petroleum.
Work For
iT the War
relatives of
QUIET ALONG FRONT
LONDON, June 29.-i-Quiet prevails
on tne iiritish front -in, northern
France, a-.' cording to the official report
frcm Field Marshal Ilalg tonight. Th?
.text ol the statement follows:
"Eeytnd the usu.il prtillery activity
cn both Fids, there is noth!!!.i; to ie
port."
STORY IS DENIED
AVSTKKDAM. June 29. The min
ers that tiie fotn er Kmperor Nicholas
has been murdered ore described as
lies, designed to iuitp the puhl!?, by
the prvsder.t of the exec Vive ecuin:ii
tee at YkEt"r'nburg. The me:;sag? is
dated vune 21 and was telegraphed
frcrr. Moscow by way of Berlin.
ccrdingly r main in office. As It is
riy firm will to permit of no interrup
tion in the parliamentary form of gov
ernment, I have determined to con
voke the rcir-hstra'li Tor July 1G to
continue its deliberations."
DID THEIR BEST
AMSf KiitiAM. June tin. Answering
criticism made In the Hunuariin par
lii'.ment yesterday, Major Geiier:'.! V.ffl
rzitrmay sa'd:
"I strongly contradict statements
fb.nt these operations have been of
barren result. No one could have for-ste-n
the heavy r-ins which inuscti
the Pi'ive to rise. The army com
mand had the coc.rne to withdraw
the trocps wh'.-n they saw thev could
not be sufficiently p-ovided with am
munition a.td ood. The -retreat wa;
ordered n ac; crdrnce with prepared
plans and took p't'.'e in t'.e course or
M'-o nk-h'i euite undisturbed by the
enemy. As regards success, I a!; yon
a i wnetror it is ?. do rent if we ip;ui?
no.onu priscneis and S '0 or our men
are captured." '
A brochure, rnnthd "War Work of
Women ii! Cc jii'-f issued l.v
the division on women's war work of
the ( ommittee on Public information,
c, mains the following:
Opportunities in War
Wcmen
!At present the rill.'
V' !:r, -Client states that
men in the I'nited Staf"s service can
not obtain passp::rM. For information
c-i -.Hfri'.-'n,' passports apply to P.ur:ni
of Citizenship, 111':'. New v ork Aver.ue,
'A'.-'shiugto::. II. C.)
NOTK: The following list is sus-5i-s:ive
of opportunities for trainel
'vomen in w: r work. Kmohasis has
b: en laM upon Government ivorl; i nl
li lief work under large organizations.
No attempt ''as been ii:u!.- to lUt o,
pi rtunities in commercial lines, nor to
i.iake a surve y of work that - primari
ly lo-al and voluiite-T. New openings
:ir d.-vf loping rapidly.
AVIATION The Government U not
a.cep.ing v.or.ie;: U aviation
A .M I " 1 1 1 ( ' A N i . A T i O X r u a 1 y vol
unteer wci-k, except ft. r experience I
workers. Yiur.y are undid lor can
vassing and makip-t surveys; t :.cherj
rr Knglish and civi:;; to foreigners;
speakers before foreWn audiences. et
lleft r to lo:al branches of organiza
tions doing Americanization work, or
State Woman's Committee of the
Council i f National Or.'onse. or Or. II.
H. Wner.ton. I'ni'cc! States Rureau ot
Education, Wasiiingto!!. I). C.
CA.VTKiJN In the I'nited State3
Volunteer work in raiiror.d stations
and clubs for sohlii rsand sailors: un
der the American Rod Cross. National
league for Woman'3 Serv'te. and oth
er organizations'. Abroad I'nder
Young Men's Christian Association
and Red Cross. For V. M. C. A. can
didates must be between the ag03 cf
TO and 4I. I'nder no circumstances
will anyone under 2'! years of age be
considered. No salaries are paid. For
particulars, write to the War Wore
Council ef the Y, M. C. A.. 124 Fast
Twenty-sixth Street. New York City.
For Red Cross canteen work, appli
cants must be between 28 and 40 year
of ago anei must speak French well.
Services are volutin er. and it is u'e
sired that expenses be paid. A con
tract for minimum term of six months'
sori:e must be signed. Applications
eJ-ouH be made to the Personnel Bu
reau of tho Red Cro ;s, Konrth Avenue
;-.nd Eighteenth Street. New York Citr
CKAl KFt'l'RS In I'nited States
Volunteer work with local branches
of organi-afi'ir.s.condui tin; war relief
wcr!:. Arrouu Hufer to American
Je 1 Cro.s Motor Corps or other or
gan'zatiens doing relief work abrrnd.
Work i:i volunit-er: all expenses must
be p;i!d. and usual!.." cars must be do
nated by workers.
CI.KKKS liefer to Vnited States
Ci.i! Service Cominisri'in : Stenogra
phers, typists, iiiuox :nd catalopae
clerks, clerks ijUillfied in business r.it
;ninistra'ion, schedjle clerks, statisti
cal clerks, ciraftsiuen. junior ace;iunl
'ants. mun'tion-pnuit '!er;;s. statistical
machine c pcrarors, map colorists. lav
. b iks. mulligrauh rperatois. aci-ount-;
ants, cleik i iiualit'od in moelein lan-
gj;gcj, calculating machine operators,
'ci'.npute-rs. e diting an.l abstra i;n
cleiks. book.f.aking and prcof rea.iine.
f inger print classifiers. Salaries r:!i.iFi
irom 10 $l-,ii') a year.
: DKi 111 IONS In I'nited States
. Rter to local branch of Food AciniM
istraticn. er ! cal :.osj.itals. Abroad
Pi'fer to Ameri'-jn Red Cross, Prr?-R-ncl
p'irenu. Fourih A venae ar 1 Kl:-,:!!-r.-r.ih
Street. N'o.v York, N. Y.. o"
Miss Cortr;:-!e the-rtr.n. president.
l ien litre d;t I'.!';se. :'.'i0 iidisrn Av
enue, N v Yor e, N. Y.. ( volunteer).
ANNA EKOLA
Chiropodist
Here Few Days More
tcfare leaving: for Pre-oett. Treats
I all aliments of the f"et If you wan!
I the best work that can Le doae in thi.i
business regardless of price, consult
I me. Ingrowing tor-nails successfully
'cured while working, .'savin? done
: sufficient work for the best people of
Lowell and Bisbee to demonstrate my
'ability and method to the entire satis
faction of all concerned. Come earlv
: and avoid the finaJ rush. Have also
I an agency for Kgo Corn Remedy and
I Wizard Arch buildjrs End Callous
' Removers now at Lrwrcil Dm..; Store.
I Hours 10 a. :u. to 9 p. m. My motto:
j "Limp in and walk out."
"'"IT"" l 'F ."
ER1TISH AIR REPORT
LONl ON. June 29 Hriti ;h aviotri
in aerial combats on tho western front
shot down seventeen German airplanes
I Fridav and sent, six others dow n out
V.f control. Three British :r.a entries
are mis:. ing, a9 tte result of t!ic ctm-bat.
i
Hie Survival of The Fittest
DIAMOND Squeegee Tread Tires are now the only
standard brand tires cn the market made with hand
some Black Tread and Red Sides.
Others, imitating Diamond in color combination, have
failed to pass the strenuous tests of quality demanded by
actual service. They imitted color only Diamond quality
they could not duplicate.
Thus always with imitations!
Motorists who drove cn Diamonds in 1917 and previ
ous j'ears demand Diamond mileage again in such num
bers that our factories are taxed to capacity.
Fcr "Better Than Average Mileage at Less Than
Average Cost," see a Diamond Distributor.
The Superior quality of Diamond Inner ,
i ubes has never been imitated
rhcXIanond Rubber Ca
AKRON, OHIO
TV""" " -V
MIL
tccal Distributers
PHELPS-DODGE MERCANTILE CO.
Phone 550
BERLIN ADMITS ADVANCES !
BEItLIN, (via London, June 29 !
The German war o'fice admits in iti I
official communication today the ad-1
vances of the British into Vieux Bar-j
quin. but adds that a counter attack ;
''rove the British beyond the western
border of the villa.ee. At other points ;
t is declared the British attacks broke j
down.
The German admiralty statement j
resarding the patrol engagement oft ;
the Belgian coast says. !
"On the evening of the 27th portion ;
of our llanders torpedo tortes when 1
patro'ling off 0;tend were enaed
with British destroyers. After a half
hour'3 fisht the enemy destroyers ,
withdrew, escaping cut cf silit by de-vc-Ioning
fog.
"Hits were. observed on two of the
enemy destroyers. Our boats returned
to their bases without loss or da:n-r-ge."
The ofricial war office statement
says:
"North cf the Lys infantry attack
were la inched by the British after
violent artillery fire. Three asault3 ,
ai;a!nst Merris broke down with heavy
losses.
In the middle battle field the en
emy penetrated into tlie Vieux Her
man. A counter attack brought him
to a stand still there and threw bini
back beyond the western border of
the village. North of MerviHe the
enemy's atacks broke down under our
fire. Southwest of Bacquoy strong-at
tacks by several reeonnoitering de-tac-hments
were repulsed.
"South o the Aisne the French at- i
tacked after strong artillery prepara-:
ticn. They were repulsed near Amb
'ey. after sttibborn fighting. They
'gained ground at futrey but our count-,
er atacks threw them back on the:
heights on both sides of the place.
An attempt by the enemy to carry :
the infantry ataek further by bringing !
urmc'reH cars Into action broke down, j
"At the Vlllers Cotterets forest, wo
pursued the retiring enemy as far as
his pesitions o' departure and captured
prisrners. The enemy suffered a heavy
defeat. j
"In the air nineteen enemy airplanes '
were shot down. Twenty Itnlinn prls-1
oners were captured in a minor cper-1
ation south of Rheims." i
'$1.5,000 Stock Sacrificed
Shoes, Suits, Men's Furnishings
Everything must be sc!d this week. Hundreds of local people- have
aiicrded this big sele during the past week at the Electric Shoe Shop
cn Brev. cry Gulch, end we .have placed scores of additional bargains
cn cale fcr this week.
DECLINES RESIGNATIONS j
VIENNA, (via Amsterdam) June 25.;
Ktnperor Charles' letter to Premier
Von Syd!er. dec'ining to accept the
resiKBHtlon of the Austrian cabinet
reads as follows:
"Although the atenipt referred to in
my autograph letter of .Tune 2.1 to
surmount the difficulties which led my
Austrian ministry to resign has not 1
yet led to the desired result, I never-'
the'ess. am not inclined to accept the !
resignation and the ministry must, ac-
It .tra?.'V- -i '
vji y t';
' if '
Never again will you have an opportunity to purchase high grade
shoes, clothes and gent's furnishings at such ridiculously low prices.
We need the cash and are selling our big stock at less than wholesale.
Our goods must be moved this veek, so take advantage of our .war
time prices, and make your dollar do the work of two. Dress shoes
and work shoes, silk shirts and work shirts, in fact everything is in
cluded in this wonderful sale. Be sure to come to the Electric Shoe
Shcp, the house of bargains. Dozens of bargains are displayed in
our show windows and hundreds more inside. Arrarge now to at
tend this sale this week without fail. You will never regret it.
The E
lectric Shoe
Shop
BREWERY GULCH
BISBEE FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 30, 1918.
Sister 3atlii Siruumi
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEN A. CAIN-
..Editor
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press Is exclusively entitled to the
isa for republication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES. PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
PER MONTH
THREE MONTHS
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MON'THS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Taken For Less
Next!
Robert W. Bruere, writer on industrial
and labor questions, and more especially
known to the Warren district as a sort of
de facto member and autobiographer of the
Secretary Wilson labor commission that
visited Arizona last year, has come out of
his alleged neutrality shell into the open as
a friend, aider and abettor of the I. W. W.
His name heads the list of those who are
advertising in the New Republic to solicit
funds to defend the I. W. W. leaders now
on trial by the government at Chicago
charged with treason. Many socialists and
radicals are among the names of others on
this list, but it is the name of Bruere that
should attract the most attention for the
reason that he has written so much about
the Bisbee deportation, always under the
bold and often protested text that he wa3
handling the matter as a disinterested party
whose' love of justice and fair play was
greater than any other thing. It was by
this coloring that he hoped to give more
weight to his articles. He was an authority,
sitting on that cold and calm pinnacle of
criticism where opinions and findings were
weighed by the, evidence and dispensed like
justice from scales that did not vary a hair.
But when the final test came in the matter
of the treason trial of the most dangerous
and active of the I. W. W. leaders, Bruere
deserted his pinnacle and came down into
the arena to fight for his own. Thus is
another impartial judge uncloaked and an
other writer of cold facts exposed as using
a fire-brand instead of a pen in the much
discussed and terribly distorted case of the
Bisbee deportation. Bisbee struck in the
open against the I. W. W. and nothing else.
But in all the propaganda and storm that
has followed that act, those who have con
demned and fought Bisbee have used many
masks and guizes and subterfuges in order
to muddy the water. Afraid to enlist and
fight under the red banner of a traitorous
organization, they have posed as friends of
organized labor. But one by one, circum
stances and the progress and trend of
evenfs, have brought them out in the open
as either friends or sympathizers or abet
tors of the red I. W. W. themselves. Bruere,
in his turn, steps forth, and thus i3 his use
fulness as a neutral and an impartial chron
icler ended. There are others yet to come.
And some live here in Arizona and some
live elsewhere. ?
Our Fourth of July will be celebrated
this year in England, France and Italy, and
not by Americans alone, but by the people
of these nations. Think of it! In many
towns and cities of England the day is to be
a holiday, having the authority and procla
mation of English mayors and councils
behind it. England celebrates the day, not
as an American victory over England; not
as an ally who has forgotten and forgiven
the past; but as a great and enlightened
nation that rejoices over a victory for the
cause of freedom. Dear, brave France ha3
always paid more or less attention to our
day of independence, for did not Lafayette
play a part in it, and is there not a column
of July now standing triumphant in the
sunlight where once the grim dark bastile
frowned for centuries? And Italy, with
her Garibaldi and his red shirts who threw .
off the Austrian yoke at such a cost, it was
natural that she, too, should have looked
with friendly eyes upon the freedom day
of America. But this year the Fourth of
July has a significance and an importance
and an official standing in these great na
tions of Europe never approached before.
Ah, those ragged Continentals. little did
they dream they were fighting for a world
day to be observed by over 200,000.000
people when they freed ;hat strip of land
lying between the Atlantic ocean and the
Alletjehenies and ccnfining about 4,000,
000 people.
and General Manager
2.25
400
7.60
2.60
.75
rhan 75 Cents.
Bold Words
While this column pays but little atten
tion to all the discontent and rebellion stuff
that is being circulated lately by the tons
under the label of having come out of Ger
many and Austria, yet this gem printed in
Vorwaerts, one of the great papers of Ger
many, and credited to Deputy Haase in a
speech he made recently in the reischstag,
cannot be printed or reproduced often
enough throughout Christendom. Haase,
in his speech, was making a bitter attack
upon Von Hertling, the chancellor, Von
Kuehlmann, the foreign secretary, and Von
Payer, the vice chancellor, and he described
these three civil leaders of the German em
pire as "fig leaves used to hide the naked
ness of the military government." And
then he asked that dumb, hopeless, slave
driven reischstag, "why is not Von Luden
dorff made the chancellor?" This is bold
ness and plain speaking undreamed of in
Germany. . And it is bold printing, too.
Vorwaerts snapped a shackle when it sent
this article to the press. This speech and
it3 circulation has more weight with this
column as indicating real unrest and re
sentment in Germany than anything that
has come out of that empire since the be
ginning of the war. It is mere than a straw,
showing the way of the wind; it is a
weather vane on a high steeple where at.
men may see.
Cause and Effect
"Wheat crop breaks all records" ; that is
the glad word from the U. S. A. "Vienna
cuts bread ration; Berlin cuts meat ra
tion"; this is the gloomy word from the
central powers. And what is the effect of
these widely divergent messages upon the
battle line in France ? To the allies this re
inforcement from mother earth comes like
a new army, while to the Germans it comes
like a foe from the rear. Looking behind
them from their newly won lines in Picardy
and Flanders, the Germans can see only the
Austrian retreat, discontent at home, hatred
and smothered rebellion in their newly
conquered provinces and no reserves at all.
looking back from their grim and gallant
defense lines the allies see a proud, devoted
and hopeful people; they see ships by the
thousands dotting the foam; they see line
after line of grand English troops march
ing frcm Calais; they see a mighty flow of
tall, thin, eager men from over the seas
with the reflected glory of the stars and
stripes in their eagle eyes; they see vast
stores of wheat and corn and beef and bat
tle supplies. What will be the inevitable,
immutable, implacable result?- The turn
of the tide! And those waves of war, ever
turning, piling backward, will never stop
their flow until their crimson crests shall
lap the pillars of the Brandenburg gate of
Berlin.
IF YOU WERE IN THE TRENCHES
Reports just published of speeches made
at Oatman by Governor Hunt and Gen.
Supt. J. A. Burges3 of the United Eastern
from the same platform present a strong
contrast, says the Arizona Gazette. The
qpeeches were made on the occasion of
raising of its service flag by Snowball
Miners' union. The outstanding views of
the two speakers as to what constitute the
big things in the present situation of the
people of the nation found the following
expression :
THE GOVERNOR'S VIEW
"Within a day, so to.npeak, 70,0'to employers of this
country have accepted labor reforms without a de
termined protest. Patriot isnv may partly account for
this readiness of big business to accept the mandates
of the times. The futility of objection may further
account for it. Whatever the reason, the most com
forting fact is that the war, notwithstanding the
suffering and sorrow which it imposes, has brought
definite relief to thousands of workingmen and has
insured the dignity of labor."
THE MINE MANAGER'S VIEW
"Men, these soldiers of ours will be coming back
some day, all that are left of them, and they are
going to ask us. "What did you do to win the war?"
I have faith that we will be able to look them in fie
eye and give a satisfactory answer. Hut it we have
to tell a tale of strife and disagreement and failure
we will both despise and be ashamed of ourselves.
It is pleasing to our soldiers to knew that we are
hoisting flags to him and celebrating in his honor,
but he wants to see the results of our patriotism.
Let us avoid bickering and squabbling; profiteering by
either employers or employes; let us keep things right
at home and all will be well on the battle line."
The telegraph announces that Amund
sen has sailed again in quest of the north
pole. Bah! Some one ought to put this
fellow and his backer, too, in an asylum.
And then they ought to seize his ship and
use it to carry food and men to Europe. '
Charles E. Hughes spoke the truth when
he declared that the zone system charging
for mailing of periodicals, which goes into
effect Monday, was a "walking backward,
looking backward measure."
"Profiteering"
A few thoughtless people and man
of the radicals and agitators of the
country have, in their haste, made the
charge that the mine operators of this
state were taking advantage of the
war to profiteer. That the facts make
this impossible, does not worry those
persons who talk the most and loudest
on the subject. The following state
ment in reply to these charges, mide
by a resident of the Warren district.
is so plain and so broad and so logical
and so just, that it is reproduced
herewith as follows:
We sometimes hear the large min
ing corporations of the state of Arl
zena secured of "profiteering," when
certain very important factors are not
taken into consideration. To some
extent the mining r-ompanies are simi
lar to the railroads, except that they
are more strictly controlled at the pres
entt ime. Hefore they were placed
under p national board, the Govern
ment set the price that the railroads
suould ask for their products their
freight and passenger transportation
tut they did not fix the wages they
were to pay. With the mining com
panies, however, while it did not fix
the wages, the War Hoard recommend
ed that they be kept at 2G cent cop
per, which was done. Then, however;
he Government set the price of cop
per at 23 1 cents.
Had the price of copper been left
to normal trade conditions, there is
no doubt but what at this time it
would be in the thirties; wages would
1c higher; profits would be greater,
and tf!c companies mtt then be ac
cused of "profiteering." but when the
costs and the prices to be received
for P7 ducts are both fixed, there is
little cpr.ortunity for them to make
money out of the war. The wages
recommended by the war board, were
of courjc, minimum, and there Is no
cbjcclion on the part o" the govern
ment to increasing them, but the in
stances where a wage increase could
be given are few, and to have a dif
ferent standard in the same or con
tiguous districts would greatly upset
the stability of the labor situation.
The company unable to pay the higher
wage would have Its force so curtailed
as to increase costs, and in timi
would be eliminated as a producing
tactor, which. In turn, would curtail
produce! I'D. x
Then, too, there Is another phase of
the situation. The labor shortage is
acute; few of the mines are running
with anything like their normal force.
some running only 60 to 65 per cent
normal. In the face o' this, however,
al! are procj-ing more copper than
. before, nnd nnintaining a record
of which Arizona is rightfully proud.
This is quire -the rntithesli of profi
teering." for to prodtice more copper
with fewer men, the most available
ore bcdic3 arc being exhausted; de
velopment to insure the pernianancy
.' the property is not being kept up i
to normnl, and many ore bodies that
might be commercial at 30 cent cop
per, the price it would have been
vndr normal conditions, are now pass
ed up. Rather than profiteering," it
becomes a question of sacrifice, and
the mining companies of tho state are
vieing with each other to increase pro
duction and break their own record3.
SCORE DEAD AS
RESULT OF FALL
OF OLD STORE
(Continued from Pago One)
out by rescuers at 9 o'clock tonight,
practi'ally unhurt. He was taken to
his home and declared that after he
bad had a bath, he would return and
aid the rescuers. Fire, water and burn
ing chemicals added to the perils of
the tons of debris which threatened
for hours to crush out Ruffs life.
R. F. Kugel, an employe of the Rulf
Drug company, who was In the build
ing when it collapsed, was able t
reach safety. His father, Chas. Kugel
and brother Merle Kugel were caught
in the ruins. Charles Kugel, who was
a carpenter, was taken out dead. Merlo
Kugel, who was a clerk in the store,
still is in the ruins. Hans Asper. a
bookkeeper, was rescued after beinp
pinned in the ruins for hours. He was
not seriously hurt.
Frank Harp, one of the owners ol
the Beaumont & Braunger market, is
believed to have been burned to death
in the office of the market.
Soon after the accident, the. (oV
phone in another Beaumont & Braun
ger store at Sixth street rang.
' For God's sake come and help me j
get out, a voice shouted indistinct
ly over the' wire.
F. Rickcter, an employe of th Mar
ket at Sixth and Pearl streets, answer
ed the telephone. He says the voice
sounded like Harp's. Efforts v. ore
mado to cut through the hack and
reach the imprisoned man. A hole was
cut through the ice box in the rear
of the establishment but the debris
blocked tlte entrance to tho office and
rescuers could not reach the imprison
ed man.
FOOD CARDS
IN EFFECT
ON MONDAY
(Continued from Page Ona)
sales, whereas the Warren district has
pctually done considerably better.
Sugar Record Poor
Tlie Warren district however, has
not as good a record In the matter of
sugar sales. Large quantities of sugar
have been sold locally for some months
past, and dealers state that sales have
ihave been heavier than d iring the
corresponding period of 1917. It was
for this reason that sugar has been
added to the list of foods governed by
card sales. The card system was pri
marily intended to cover fliur, bread
and pastes.
POTTER GOT HUN
(ISv Ke ifvr I.c'iisnl Wll fO
WASHINGTON. June 2'.t Shooting
down of the first German seaplane to
be destroyed by an American avlati.r
is credited by the navy department in
a statement issused tonight to F.iisigu
Stephen Potter. I'nited States nay.
who was killed on April 25 in a itghl
with seveu enemy planes.
County News
Miss Frederica E. Taylor has been
appointed postmaster at McNeal In
place of her father .Edward II. Taylor,
who resigned.
Mrs. Mary H. Lusk has been ap
pointde postmaster at Chiricahua m
place of Ora L- Ashurst. brother of
Senator Ashurst, who refused the of
fice. The following postoffices in Cochise
county have been discontinued: San
Bernardino, mail now sent to Doug
las; Overton, mall now sent to Ft.
Huachuca.
A pos toff ice has been established ni
Mirimonte, and Rebecca Loftgrcen ap
pointed as postmistress. Mirimonte is
a station on the E. P. & S. W. between
Whetstone and Mescal. There are a
number of farmers located in that lo
cality. J. L. Hudson was In Willcox from
the Chiricahuas Tuesday and says
they have bad fine rains In his local
ity. The cattle are looking weP.
More rains are expected as intensely
warm weather is being experienced.
Vinton Hays writes to hi.? parents
at Willcox that he is still with the
Pittsburg and stationed somewhere on
the eastern South American ccast. He
likes his life on the sea and in Uncle
Sam's service.
The tungsten property near Fort
Huachuca, formerly operated under
bond and lease from Albert Steinfeld
by O. T. Smith, has been taken over
by A. J. Clark, L. E. Porter and G. D.
Kis'ingbury of Los Angeles, who plan
the erection of a 130 ton concentrator
on the property."
It is reported that Charlie Ditmars
of Willcox. who Is at Ellington Field
near Houston, Texas, is making goo,i
as an aviator. He has been In the
air a number of times and has won
praises from his superior officers.
Mrs. D. A. Adams of Texas can
yon, accompanied by her sister, Mrs.
Bennett of Benson, returned recent
ly from El Paso where they have
been for several weeks. Both of them
were operated upon for appendicitis
Both are improving rapidly.
While Irrigating near Willcox the
other day Edwin McDaniels was bit
ten by a rattler. He was immediate
ly brought to town where he received
medical aid and the bite was pro
nounced as not serious.
The state game warden staid over
for a few hours at Willcox on his way
to the Graham mountains. He says
that the elk which have been distribut
ed in the northern part of the state
and in the Graham mountains are do- j
ing well, and he looks for them to in
crease in numbers rapidly within the
next few years.
The Red Cross board of managers
at Douglas held a meeting yesterday
and appointed Mrs. Joseph Calisher
chairman of the committee on civilian
relief in place of Dr. L. J. Tuttle. who
is unable to look after the duties of
the chairmanship properly on account
of other work. He will, however, re
main as a member of the committer
and perforin whatever professional
work that may be required.
John Houston McMillan, C. Charlfl
Dierlan, Ceorge Z. Rogers, and Alvi
Barnes of Douglas, yesterday "signed
on" with Djv F. L. Meadows of the
Douglas Drug company, special enroll
ing agent for the United States Ship
ping board, as an applicant for train
ing in the merchant marine. If accept
ed by the shipping board these young
men will be exempted from the draft,
and will take a special course as an
apprentice on a training ship beforj
joining a merchant vessel as sailors. '
Peace appears to have descended
at last over the Baca float grant. In
the Santa Cruz valley, north of No
gales. A considerable number of the
settlers have accepted the judgment
of the courts and have made arrange
ments for the purchase of their hold
ings both the successful litigants.
On the south half of the grant. ad
Judged to D. C. T. Davis, jr., and C. C.
Watt3, 1600 acres of land will be con
tracted at once to tenants under the
supervision of A. J. Davidson, a skill
ed farmer of that locality. The own
ers have reserved a block of 47.0UO
acres for grazing.
When W. J. Reay, past exalted ruler
of Douglas lodge No. 955 of the B. P.
O. E., leaves next Monday for Atlantic
Sity to attend the grand lodge of the
Elks he will take with him a beautitul
service flag of the local lodge. The
flag was made by the wife and mother
of A. B. Murchison and it contains sixty-seven
blue stars on a white field-.
The men its stars represent are from
a membership of 500. This flag will
be borne in the parade of the Elks in
Atlantic City, and the letters telling
where it came from are large enoug'y
for all onlookers to read. The parade
will be more than six miles in length
and it is expected that every lodge in
the I'nited States will have a service
flag In the line of march. The grand
lodge will go Into session on Monday,
July 8.
Brig. Gen. DcRosey C. Cabell, com
manding the Arizona district, inform
ed John A. Boyle, secretary of the
chamber of commerce, this morning
that in place of the review of troops
cn the parade grounds at Camp Harry
J. Jones planned for July 4 there
would be a parade through the streets
of the city. It Is believed that more
people will be able to eee the parade
lle to eee the parade"1 n?en stationed mere wun il
her demonstration or l-'h infantry for three years,
c Fourth have been family lives there and he Is pi
this way. No ot
festivities for the
planned so far as known. There are
no arrangements yet for a ball game.
KERENSKY IN PARIS
Illv Itevlew I .eased Wire)
PARIS. June 29 Alexander Keren-
sky, the former Hussi.m provisional ;
premier, arrived in Paris from London
tod.'v. Shortly a!ter h:s arrival h
had a long conference tvith M. Makla
koff, the Russlau ambassador iu Paris. 1
About the State
Articles of incorporation yesterday
were filed in the office of the state
corporation company by the Simpson
Sheep company. Burroughs Adding
Machine company and I'ine Creek
Tungsten company.
-1
The Globe Milling company, a
strong Los Angeles corporation, al
ready controlling much of the cotton
ginning of the Imperial valley, has
entered the Yuma field and has pur
chased a majority of the stock in sev
eral of the local gins. With the ad
vent of the company has come a ma
terial lowering of the interest rate on
crop season advances of cash.
State Senator Fred Colter has pur
chased the Barringer residence at the
southwest corner of Central avenue
and McKinley street, in Phoenix. The
price paid Is given as approximately
$20,000. Senator Colter took posses
sion of the place yesterday and will
shortly be joined by Mrs. Colter, who
Is now at their home at Colter, Apache
county. ,
One man is dead and another badly
injured as the result of a rear-end
collision of two freight trains on the
Hassayampa bridge of the Santa Fe
railroad. James Stewart, the conduc-
tnr In rhnrs-p nf the frpilrht tmin
southward bound, was crushed about!
... . ..
the chest and body, and died at Date
Creek as he was being taken to Pres
tott. The other, a cattleman, who
was sleeping in the caboose of tho
northward bound freight, had an arm
and shoulder broken.
How two young Phoenix boys, nu-m-bcis
of prominent families, burglar
ized one of the leading department
stores of Phoenix of merchandise
valued at more than $SD0,- using a
paper mail sack and autcmobil-j to
cart away their loot, was disclosid
in confessions which police say, the
boys made after their arrests this
morning. The boys are being held at
police headquarters. Bot 1 young men
have admitted their guilt, officers de
clare, and have implicated at least
one other prominent young man of
this city who is now on the coast.
Thomas Croaff of the employment
service of the department of labor in
Arizona, has received a telegram from
Washington, stating that the senate
appropriations committee reports a
bill providing $7,500,000 for the use of
this department. Croaff says that part
of this money will be used in Arizona
for the mobilization of labor, as It is
the plan of the department of labor to
take over the entire distribution nf
labor during the period of the war.
This will include taking labor from
non-essential industries and placing it
in essential branches of industry.
Ng Yee Lun, a Yuma Chinese store
keeper, has been murdered under cir
cumstances of unusual atrocity, pre
sumably for the sake of the money In
bis possession, about JtiOO. Some per
son secured admittance to the store
after the usual closing time, knocked
the Chinese down with a club or pistol.
and then strangled him to death by
1 means ot wire twisted around his
neck, probably with a stick used to
make the tournequet more effective.
The body was found under sacking by
a Chinese cook who had been room
ing with Lun. There appears to be no
clues concerning the identity of the
murderer. It is believed to have bee
someone personally known to the
storekeeper, who otherwise would not
have admitted him to the locked storvj
room. Arizona had 37,000 acres of grain
sorghum last year. These were prin
cipally milo maize, but a considerable
quantity of feterita, kaffir. hegari.
dorso and shallu were also grown. P.
Is ceded that a large increase in the
acreage to be devoted to the grain
sorghum should result this season
due to several reasons including the
use of these grains as wheat substi
tutes, and the greater need for these
crops for silage and stock food. Tho
Agricultural college of the University
of Arizona has estimated that our In
creased grain sorghum acreage In
cluding dry farm and Irrigated dis
tricts should easily reach 15 per cent
which would give for 1918 a total of
42.550 acres devoted to these crops.
"Idle rumors with no foundation."
With these words Governor Hunt-yesterday
set at rest and officially dis
missed the report that has heen gain
ing circulation to the effect that there
would be no Arizona state fair this
year. For several days this rumor has
been persistent, coming from no one J
knows just where as reports some-'
times do but going the rounds nver-1
thcless. In some ay the war was
mixed up in the reasons given for
abandoning tho state fair, hut no one
seemed to know just how it could be. I
Secretary Boyce is busily engaged in
seeing that all of the revenues of th-.
fair are collected and placed to the
credit of the fair before July 1, as all
money so placed for this year's fair.
.Money so credited after June 30 is ap
plied to the fair on the following year.
"Man to man. there Is no compart
ing the fighting qualities ot the Amer
ican with the Hun. The American ha
it on the German a thousand ways "
These statements were made yester
day by Lieut. Edward M. Hodges, wno
has just returned to Nogales afjer
nine months participation with the
American forces on the French battle
front. The lieutenant was In the front
line trenches during the German of
fensive which began March 21. and is
wearing the French Cross of War
tendered him for bravery. Lieutenant
Hodges is well known in Nogales, hav
ing heen stationed there with the old
His
passing
a tew days visiting them. The lieu
tenant returned to the states June i.
having been assigned back on a spe
cial mission. Temporarily he is witi
the 7th division at Kl Paso. Lieuten
ant Hodges was among the men
"gassed" in
the last big offensive of
the Teutons
He expects io return to
the front at the expiration of hi m c-j
slon in the I tilted Mates
t
Tucson will celebrate ou the Fourth. '
SENATE PASSES
TWELVE BILLION
WAR MEASURE
iCoutlnued from Page One
was rejected forty-five to nineteen nd
an amendment by Senator Fall of New
Mexico, proposing an Increase of three
million men was defeated by viva
vice vote. Many senators however,
fearing this action and the rejection
yesterday of the Fall amendment to
extend the draft age limits to twenty
and forty years would be misinterpret
ed declared in voting they were caiy
temporarily postponing action in ac
cord with the war department's re
quest for two or three months fine to
submit the enlarged program.
Among important legislative pro
visions added by the senate to the bill,
many in which the house leaders al
ready have agreed to accept are the
following.
Authorizing the president to organ
ize volunteer Slavic and Russian leg
ions. Proposing the rank of lieutenant
general for Provost Marshal General
Crowder in recognition of selective
draft administration.
Giving effect to the British-American
reciprocal draft treaty and other
similar conventions which may be
concluded, and permanently debarring
from American citizenship citizens of
neutral Datin8 who have filed prelim
f,.OV ilti.an.liln nnti .1 a 1
Jnary citizenship applications and who
claim exemption from the draft.
Authorizing formation of a JlOO.Ono.
000 corporation under the aircraft
board.
Providing distinctive badges or but
tons for men discharged from and re
jected for military service.
Authorizing the president to com
mandeer timber and lumber and con
duct timbering operations, proposed
for the aircraft and ship building pro
grams. Providing medals of honor and dis
tinguished service crosses and other
decorations.
Authorizing officers to buy their uni
forms and equipment from the govern
ment at cost and providing more gen
eral officers and promotions for the
medical corps.
WHEAT PRICE HELD
WASHINGTON. June 29 After an
unsuccessful effort by Senator Martin
to have the senate abandon its pro
posal to increase the government mini
mum guaranteed wheat price to $2.50,
an agreement was reached tonight to
take a vote on the question Monday.
Senator Gore of Oklahoma. Gron
na and McCumber of North Dakota.
Borah ot Idaho, and others from wheat
producing states, vigorously objected
to Senator Martin's proposal Then-
urged the senate to stand by its pr:cn
increase "until the snow flies." de
spite the prospect of a deadlock with
the house causing failure of the im
portant agricultural appropriation bill
to which the Increase provision Is at
tached as a rider. During the debate
Senator Reed. Missouri, made mother
vehement attack on Food Administra
tor Hoover.
"The millers were taken unpr the
whig of the food administration an-i
were absolutely guaranteed agu'nst
loss," Senator Reed said. "Their prof
its were multiplied three-fold. Every
time Mr. Hoover regulated prices for
the capitalists he has regulated them
up.
"Mr. Hoover organized the packers
in a pool trust. He took care to ate
that they had no reason to protest. Ka
took care to Bee that he put money In
their pockets. Large profits are out
side bis vision. He cant see the profit
ot the millers or the packers."
MANIPULATION
CHARGE AGAINST
BIG COMPANIES
(Continue,! frum Page One)
stcol, flour and coal." says the report,
referring to price fixing, shows that
a high stimulating fixed price, whils
stabilizing an ascending market, pro
duces an economic situation which is
fraught with hardships to the con
suming public and with ultimate peril
to the high cost companies through
increasing of power of their low cost
competitors."
Where the government has fixed
prices on the basis of fair return on
net investment, the report hints at
padded deprecations, increased salaries
of officials, new construction charged
off as repairs, fictitious values on raw
materials and manipulated inventories.
In the steel Industry" the report says
profits Increased from 4.7 per cent in
19 1- to more than 24 per cent in 1917
One of the smaller mills showed a
profit of more than ;t00 per cent.
BRINGS SHARP RETORT -
CHICAGO. June 29. Sharp retorts
were niHde tonight by representative,
of Armour & Co.. Morris & Co.. nd
Swift & Co., denying charges of profi
teering made in the report of the fed
eral trade commission investigator at
Washington.
The ipackers' Istatements declared
the present is not the time for any
one branch of governmental activity to
strike at the packing industry as it
is trying to supply the American army
with meat. The statement, too. callei
attention to the fact that their profits
were but a fractional part of a cent
per pound of prod :rt and direct atten
tion to the prices of meats to consunr
ers and the prices paid for live stock
to ttidicate whether the packers hate
been profiteering.
BRITISH JUNE CASUALTIES
CRv Roview .e))W.t Wire)
LONDON. June 29 British casual
ties reported during June totalled
141.147 compared with lriti,8'2 during
May.
The losses for June were divided
as follows:
Killed or died of wounds:
Officers. SIS; men. 17.494.
Wounded or missing:
Officers. 3(119; men. 119.21S.
The losses reported during the l.st
eight days, rounding out the weekly
'reports for the month were:
Killed or died of wounds:
if leers. 14.': men. 477:-'.
Wounded or missing:
Officers, 53;!; men, o2.21t.
V THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 30, 1918.
FIVE
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in next morning's paper.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Four ranch hands at once.
Warren ranch. 52S
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. Scnoois, Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train for service. 268
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Woman for general house
work, has children to work on ranch.
B. W., care Review. 590
WANTED Ten bright, capable ladies
to travel, demonstrate and sell well
' known goods to ettablished dealers.
$2.r to $50 per week; railroad
, . . o paid; weekly advance for trav
. . ., expenses. Address at once,
i . . . ich Drug company, Dept. 131.
!ia, Nebr. 431
V. AN TED Lady canvasser for to
take orders for medallions, enlarged
portraits and frames of all descrip
tions. Call on picture man at El
Tasc house, Brewery gulch. 569
WANTED Waitress. Must be first
class. Copper Queen hotel. 53i
Positions Wanted
WANTED To do janitor, porter,
housecleaning work, by day or hour.
S. S. RevielL 592
WANTED Position by Cirsi class col
ored man cook, doing job work, gen
eral cleaning, window washing or
yard work. Phone 744. i02
WANTED Practical nursing. Mrs. F.
Strebe, Phillips residence, Castle
hill, lower apartment. 591
For Sale
FOR SALE Belgian Hares, Newtea
land reds, does and small rabbits.
C. E. Drullard, Naco, Ariz. 642
FOR SALE Furniture of four room.
House for rent. Inquirtj 9SA Young-
blood hill.
49y
FOR SALE Furniture of three rooms
Privilege of renting apartment.
Downtown, no hills. Box 646, City.
505
CLOSING OUT SALE Going out or
business; Sale Open June bth, 1918.
We want to close out in side of 60
days. Please call in and see us.
New and Second Hand Furniture.
Chris Heikkineii, Furniture Store
Johnson Add. 2
FOR SALE A beautiful piai,o Gold
en Oak used only a few months, at
a sacrifice. Mrs. W. II. Russell, ICS
upper .Lowell, or P. O. Box 3634,
Lowell. 53 1
FOR SALE All the fixtures of the
Waldorf Boarding house on Brew
ery, avenue and Broadway street.
Everything complete. Cheap. Calt
at eftice at Rod McDonald, room 14,
Allen block. 538
FOR SALE White beans, 10c pound,
delivered. Phone Green 696. ' 577
FOR SALE One silver Coon cornet,
cost $75. Will sell for $30. Apply
Room 11, Sparks Clyne Bldg. 272
FOR SALE Two heavy oak office
chairs at a bargain. Apply Room
11, Sparks Clyne Bldg. 272
FOR SALE Child's bed, high cbair
and nursery chair.
Phone Red 109.
103 Mason hill.
5i4
FOR SALE Ford touring ear.
or terms. Phone 33.
Cash
559
FOR SALE Improved ranch of twen-
ty acres under four wire "fence,
fifteen acres has been cultivated
three room frame house, garage and I
other outbuildings, two good woiis, !
one gas engine and one hand puuip.
farming utensils, twelve bearing
fruit trees and one Jersey cow una j
dozen chickens. Located one half i
mile east of Osborn station. A small I
cash payment and balance on terms.
See Gus Haigler. 562
FOR SALE New gas range, bed arid
springs and bureau. 45 Quality
hill. 579
FOR SALE 1916 model Oldsmobile in
first class condition, cheap for cash.
Also good camping outfit. Call at
214 Hazard street, Warren. 587
FOR SALE Two room fumbled
house in Lowell, cheap for cash, or
terms if wanted. Apply at Loliman
& Wright, next to Central theater,
Lowell. 58S
PETEY DINK The Hardest Part Is Keeping the Cloth
I ( -I HOST 1WU AWO HECP MAEt. Sc-rr, A,.n, " ) I . fcklKV, V 1 2 J O H " I
yjCtk .7 3Jf l (summed clothes md. ( kw7X A .,Alk JT f I
vis-rL'l . mV i! si'l I' &i,m f zzzd
For Sale
FOR SALE Furniture. House for
rent. Apply mornings or after 6 p.
in., 37 Oak avenue and Quarry can
yon. Phone Red 240. 588
FOR SALE One two-burner perfec
tion coal oil range with small oven.
Call Blue 149. 562
FOR SALE Ford, a bargain. Long
Trail garage. 592
FOR ALE Studebaker Four, 191t!
model, good condition. Long Trail
garage. 592
FOR SALE Cheap for cash, modern
house, large lot, close in, furnished.
Good investment. Box 2367. 599
FOR SALE Two ranches in Silver
Spring valley, 160 acres each, w:th
good improvements. Cheap. See
.Mr. R. P. Radich, back of Bakerville
hotel, in red house. 603
FOR SALE One Ford truck with bed
Box 3ti22, Lowell. Phone Green 14
60JJ
FOR SALE One four-room unfurn
ished house with ten lots, Locklin
avenue. A bargain for cash. See
C. H. llogan, below Copper Queen
hotel. 593
FOR SALE 1917 Ford. Phone Blue
745 or call at Stock's residence, first
house on right at end of Tombstone
car line. 590
FOR SALE Bargain. Furniture of
three rooms wiln privilege of rent
ing apartment, bath. & Boston apart
ments. 566
FOR SALt: Six room house com
pletely furnished for three apart
meats. Close in. Party leaving
town. Will sell at a bargain. $1000
cash, balance easy terms. Apply
to M. C. Nigh. bti'J
ForRent
FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms. Mrs. Grace Williams
Clawson hill. 549
FOR RENT Garage. Inquire Wm.
Hughes, Hughes block. 553
FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms. Dan Garrity, Jones
hill. 557
FOR RENT Modern four room house,
completely furnished. Tombstone
l canyon. No children. Phone 664 or
Red 626. 561
FOR RENT Unfurnished four-room
' riat, bath, modern. L. R. Allen,
Locklin avenue. 581
FOR RENT Large sheet iron ware
house belonging to Bisbee Fuel &
.Feed company, in Lowell. It will
make good garage or storage ware
house. See C. H. Hogan, below Cop
per Queen hotel, Bisbee. 582
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. 42 Jiggervillo.
586
FOR RENT Four room house. Black
nob view. Warren. Box 959, War
ren. No children. . 59S
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 10 Quality hill, 497
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. 49 O. K. street. 202
FOR RENT One two room and one
three room house, partly furnished.
2u7 High road. 531
FOR HEXT Two story building, with
larne basement, suitable for whole
sale bouse or storage and warehouse
business. In center of Bisbee busi
ness district. Rent reasonable. Ap
ply frisbee Daily Review. 642
FOR RENT One large housekeeping
room, lights, water and bath furn
ished. Phone 610. 590
FOR RENT r Two housekeeping
rooms, also sleeping rooms. !
School hill, Gasson house. 597
FOR RENT Two nice cool house
keeping rooms.-cement block house,
back of Elpose house. Call atter ii
p. m. or call 613. 5C3
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
front rooms. Vista street. Warren.
Call 791 evenings.
FOR KENT Three furnished rooms
with bath, screen porch, modern.
Apply Bells red house, end of Tomb
stone canyon car line. 564
Finished Rooms
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
rooms. 30 Johnson avenue, Johnson
addition. 57S
FOR RENT One front bed room. 224
Brophy avenue. 584
FOR RENT Large furnished front
room, connecting bath, separate en
trance. Second house on left up
Congdon avenue. Phone Black 468.
Warren. 503
FOR RENT Three rooms with bath, I
sleeping porch, two large ciosets. I
Phoue Black 477. 558
FOR RENT Bisbee Hotel, Furnished
rooms w ith running water. 352
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms.
216 Tombstone canyon. 58 7
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. 377
FOR RENT Two nicely furnishel
rooniB. Ill Opera Drive. 591
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms. 59
J. E. T. street, Johnson addition,
Pindjack. 594
Miscellaneous
MADAME J. RE A KEYS, St. Regis ho
tel, Lowell, Ariz. Phone 62. Clair
voyant and crystal reader. Dead
trance spirit medium, born with a
double veil, without asking questions
gives you dates, facts and figures,
and will read your entire life. 535
CLAIRVOYANT HEALER Mrs.
Lumpkin. Advice, business, love,
mining, looks into anything, de
scribes people concerned, tell out
come, spiritual advice. Across creek
from gas tank, Cowin Ridge, John
son's Addition. 345
LEARN actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio engineer
ing. Young Men'B Christian Asso
ciation, Los Angeles. Catalog free.
230
SEED Choice, re-cleaned, dwarf Milo
maize, also clean chicken feed. Call
at the Bisbee Mill, back of Tomb
stone Canyon fire house, for inspec
tion and prices.
Money to Loan
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 166
Lost
LOST Bunch of keys. Return to Re
view. Reward. 570
LOST Diamond setting from ring.
Return to Box 223, Bisbee. Reward.
- -- 595
LOST At Warren or vicinity, lady's
Wishbone pattern . pin. - lleward.
Return to Review. 473
LOST Pocket book, by Bank of Low
. ell. .Phone Green 668. 507
LOST Gold watch with diamond 1:1
back and picture in face. Owner
will identify. Between Bisbee ana
Tombstone. Liberal reward. Return
to Review. 555
Wanted
WANTED Homer
797.
pidgeons.
Call
5St
WANTED All kinds of pictures to
frame in 16x20 and 14x20 oval and
" square frames. See picture man at
El Paso house. 568
WANTED Second hand window sabh.
galvanized iron and lumber, ('all at
ixiwell Motor company, or phene
738. ' 003
WANTED School boys and girl3 to
sell war pictures on comin'.'..-ion.
Call on picture man at El Pao
house, Brewery Gulch. 493
OLD CLOTHES bought.
Phone 739.
585
Salesmen
SALESMAN Capable specialty man
for Arizona. Staple line of NEW
and EXCEPTIONAL terms. Va
cancy now. Attractive commission
contract. $35 weekly for expense-.
Gillelt, 72G Carlin Bldg., Cleveland.
Ohio. 565
REVIEW WANT ADS BRING
RESULTS.
Out of It
NAVY HONORS SEAMAN
FOR HEROISM AT SEA
WASHINGTON, June 29. Secretary
Daniels announces that the Navy De
partment has awarded the medal of
honor and a gratuity of $100 to John
Mackenzie, chief boatswain's mate, I'n
ited States Naal Reserve Force, for
extraordinary heroism which resulted
in saving from possible destruction the
U. S. S. Remlik, a', converted yacht
now on patrol service in European wat
ers. The case is unique in that it has to
do with one of the latest engines of
war. As is well known, Vnited States
destroyers and other submarine fight
ers carry deuth charges containing a
large amount of high explosives which
are dropped in the path of enemy sub
marines and explode under water.
These have proved effective weapons
in the destruction of U-boats, and they
are safe enough when the safety pins
are affixed; but when they get beyond
control and the safety pin comes out
they are a source of serious danger
to the vessels carrying them. It will
be recalled that the man on the U. S.
S. Manley who lost their lives in the
collision of that destroyer with a Brit
ish vessel were killed by the explosion
of one of these bombs.
Captures Runaway Bomb
In a heavy , gale on the morning of
December 17, 1917, a depth charge on
the Remlik broke loose from its posi
tion on the stern. The box went over
board, but the charge was hurled in
the opposite direction and went bounc
ing about the deck. As it weighs hun
dreds of pounds, it was impossible for
anyone to lift the bomb and carry it to
safety. It was even dangerous for
anyone to go to that part of the ship
as the seas were washing over the
stern. As the officers and crew
watched the bomb seme one shouted.)
"The pin's come out" Realizing the j
danger. Mackenzie, exclaiming '"Watch!
me; I'll get It," dashed down t-'ic deck!
and flung himself upon the charging j
cylinder. Three times he almost had i
his arms about the be ml), but each j
time it tore from him, once almost
crushing him. The fourth time he got
a firm grip on it and heaved it upright j
on one flat end. Then he sat on it and i
held it down. The charge might have j
broken loose again and exploded at ,
any moment, Diowing .iacnenzie 10
bits; but he held on firmly until lines
cculd be run to him' and man and
depth bomb safely lashed. Soon after
wards the ship was headed up into the
sea and the charge carried to a place
of safety.
Report of Commanding Officer
The commanding officer of the Rem
lik, in Jiis report recommending that)
the medal of honor be conferred on I
Mackenzie, says: i
"Mackenzie, in acting as he did, ex
posed his life and prevented a serious
Accident to the iliip and probable loss
of the ship and entire crew. Had this
depth charge exploded on the imarier
deck with the sea and wind that ex
isted at the time .there is no doubt
that the ship would have been lost."
Mackenzie, who is now in the Fleet
Naval Reserve, served four years In
the Regular Navy. He is a native of
Massachusetts, and his mother, Mrs.
Mary Mackenzie, lives in South Had
ley Falls, Mass.
MENKEN RESIGNS OFFICE
I
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, June 29. The resigna
tion of S. Stanwood Menken as presi
dent of the aNtional Security League
and the election of Charles E. Lydccft
er of this city to succeed him were
announced here tonight.
Mr. Menken, who founded the league
three and a half years ago, gave as
the reason for his withdrawal the ise
made by the New York American of
a statement made by nim in regard to
charges of disloyalty against it ant;
ether publications owned by W.
Hearst. Because of this incident, he
said, the letguc might be hampered, it
he remained at its head, "in its cam
paign against the disloyal press."
Several cases of measles have been
reported amongst Courtland children.
CARL'S CURE
OINTMENT
Trial Box 10c
A mixture of dealing sub
stances affording great relief in
cases of Eczema and Skin Irri
tations. FOR EXTERNAL USE RUB
IT IN
CARL'S CURE CO. '
Box 10J3
Bisbee, Arizona
Political
Announcements
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate :.or the nomination for the office
of Sheriff of Cochise county, subject
to the will of the voters at the demo
cratic primary to be held on Septem
ber 10, 191S.
C. E. CROSS.
fUf On Ln ir r
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the ofiice
of sheriff of Cochise county, subject
to the will of the voters at tne demo
cratic primary to bo held on Septem
ber 10, 1913.
jamks f. Mcdonald,
420 Deputy L. fc. .Maibuui.
COR SHERIFF t
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
iice of sheriff of Cochise county, sub
ject to the will of the voters at the
i I.o heltl nn Seu-
tember 10, 1918. !
5S5 LORENZO WRIGHT, j
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce m)?clf as a can
didate lor the ofrice if thoriif of Co
chise county, subject to the icMou .f
tho voters at the democratic prima
ries to be held September M, 19 IS.
EAKL V. SANDS,
C. Q. Smelter, Douglas, Arizona.
FOR SHERIFF !
i i, v announce mvself as a can
didate for the nomination tor tho office I
of Sheriff ot Cochise couuly, subject I
to the will of the voter at the demo
cratic primary to be held on Septem
ber 10, 1918.
V. S. BRAKF1ELI).
FOR TREASURER
I hereuy announce myself as a can-;
didate for the nomination for the of-:
fice of Treasurer of Cochise county, j
subject to the will of the voters at mo
democratic primary to be lieiti on j
September 10, 1918. .
GUY C. WELCH.
FOR CLERK, SUPERIOR' COURT ;
I hereby announce myself as a ci.n-;
didate for the nomination lor the of-
Clerk. Superior Court of Co- j
chise county, subject to the will of the ;
voters at the democratic primary to no ,
held on September 10, 191S. j
J. E. JAMES.
FOR JUDGZ, SUPCRIOR COURT
1 hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for tho of- j
lice of Judge, Superior Court o: Co-1
chise county, subject to the w ill of the J
voters at the democratic primary to ue :
held ou September 10, 1918. j
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD. .
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce inyseli as a cca-1
didate for tho nomination for the of- j
fice of constable for Lowell precinct
No. 3, subject to the will of the voters j
at the democratic primary to be held
on September 10, 1918.
3o0 DENNIS ROCHE.
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce myself as a can- j
didate for the nomination as Constable j
for the Lowell Precinct, Ko. 3. Sub-,
ject to the action of tho Democratic j
voters of that precinct in the primaries i
on September luth. !
167 H. H. BOHMFALK. j
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce myself as a can-
didate for the nomination for the of- i
fice of Constable for Lowell Preoiid I
No. 3, subject to the wili of the voters ,
at the Democratic primary to be held .
ou September 10, 191S. I
200 JAMES BAKER. )
FOR CONSTABLE j
I ncreby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as Constable ,
for the Lowell Precinct, No. 3. Sub-!
ject to the action of lii-j Democratic!
voters of that precinct in the primaries i
on September loth. !
207 CEO. D. CROWLEY, j
FOR JUSTICE CF PEACE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as Justice of
the Peace, for the Lowell Precinct, N'
3 Subject to the action of the Demo
cratic voters of that precinct in tho
primaries ou September loth.
J. L. WINTERS.
REVIEW WANT AD3
BRING RESULTS
t
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts r.r each, their meeting nights, tlnir officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
CALEDONIAN SOCIETY
meets first and
f third Thursdays
of each month in
V i Vl: Methodist Hall,
IJ ZU'22 Schca! HHL Na
JJ li" - nd de-
s c n d a nts of
of seoiland cordi
ally mnted.
THOS. M CAT, President, box 136.
M. MAINLAND, Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
'night. Moose Hall.
Visiting brothers cor-
lially invited.
R. 1. GLEASON,
Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Sec'y.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
DREADN AUGHT.
L. O. I NO. 210.
meets In L o.
O. F. HaU first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
era cordially
invited to at
tend. Wm. T. SM1THAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' hall. Visiting Archera are
cordially invitee".
MRS. C C. F1NLAYSON, Foreman
P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. ST1NSON, Correspondent.
Box 149G.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F
meets e e r
rtT?. WEDNESDAY
4 I's-X evening at Odd
nfi Fellows' Hall,
Main street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
broUiers cordially Invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
H. R. TAYLOR, N. G.
CAUL V. NELSON. Secretary.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening ot each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C.
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE. SI. of R. C.
Box 1475
IN THE SUPERIOR COUrtT OF
COCHISE COUNTY, STATE OF
ARIZONA.
In the Matter of tl.e Estate Of Daniel
Hanley, Deceased.
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION.
Notice is hereby given, that Annie
Hanley has filed in this Court a cer
tain document purporting to be :he
Hanley together with his petition
praying that said document be admit
ted to probate in this Court as the
last Will and Testament of said Daniel
Hanley who, said petitioner alleges, is
deceased, and that letters testamen
tary issue thereon to .ia:d petitioner,
and that same will be heard oa Satur
day, the 29th day ot June, A. li., 1918,
at 10:00 o'clock in tho forcnooa of
said day at the cou; room ot sld
Court, in the Court House, in the City
of Tomb;.tonu, County of Ccchisc,
Suite of Arizcnu, and all persons inter
ested in taid estate are'notificd tiieu
and there to appear and bhow cau-'C, if
any they hare, why the prayer of said
petitioner shouid not be grnnte.I.
J. E. JAMES,
JAS. A. IVEY, ciert
Deputy Clerk.
Dated June 12, 191S. 203
Kichard Glaze, Oph. D.N.I).
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Ternple,
Main Street. Us bee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest method.
CHICHESTER S PILLS
J 1 UK IHAVUNII H RAN it. A
ytiii.nowia. lie I. Slit. A I .its K dUl 4
' r SDLD BY ORLGGtSTS tVtRYHMLRE
4
ml
PI
M-hM-trra IM.,o.J TirlV
I1IU In H'4 ! 4.oJ irtl'KV
! leucl .ta r.liw VU;t.
Take a4hr. Itvr if "
lmmrt.. A-fo lll- IIK.TmJ
A B
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERW
CAN MECHANICS.
Metts In Medlgovlci
HaU every Tuesday
night Visiting brother
S "z-- ivplcnmA
S.' F. BENTON, Councillor.
J. I BENTON, Recording Secretary.
KNIGHT3 OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Thursday
7--- a (except second j in cm a
vV)1 " HU t 7:iS
' - P- m. visiuus Drauw
LEON H. RICE, C. C.
EARL SOBLEY. K. of R-
vV -
aV i ' . i rr : r
1.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON, Eialted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 21 15.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. F.
HaU. 7:30 p. in.' Visiting members are
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID, President.
P. O. Box 34S3. LowelL Aris.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY,
Secretary, LowelL
E. LINDQU1ST, Financial Secretary.
P. O. Box 3246. LowelL
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD,
vvl, LoweU Camp No. 46 wEl
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy NaLL
F. C. SAX BY, C. C;
O. B. THOMAS, Cler.
Ail Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Aiasonic Hal'.
Pearl Chapter. No. 6, meets
in Masonic HaU second ant)
fourth Tuesday of eU
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS. W. M.
' Phone 161, Box 43. Bisboe.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Secy. P. O.
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com..
Phone 161.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175. V. O. E-, meet
lirst and third TUESDAYS. S p. in.
Eagle HaU. Visitors cordially wet
come. J. F. WILMOTH. President.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. i EDMONDSON. Aerie Phy:c;a.
jT FRATERNAL
ffj L fflV BROTHERHOOD
. WVv'i1 S t'isnce lotige .no.
aim i u diuuuaj
of each month at
7:30 at Med!?o
vlch Hall. Visit
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer.
Box 723. Tel. 236, Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary,
Cox 1621.
MOlERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Saturday al
Medigovirh Hal!.
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
1L F. MATH E WSON,
Cleric
WEEK ENDING JULY 6. 191S.
MoKur.j
Tuesday
Wednesday 3rd. Degree.
Thursday Blue '.eg.
Friday
Saturday
W. W. GIDLEY. W. M.
K T. W ATKINS, Secy. y. fc A. M.
S. W. TO LAND. E. H. 1.
C. F. FHII.BROOK, T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. H C.
V. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chan-
ter and Commandery.
W. IL BANKS, Secretary Council.
By C A. VOIGHT
! mm
j
jr jv v
'f
2C
if is
I Ml,
lit r-ir'i ' SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 30, 1918.
The Most Charming of
Evening Dresses Reduced
AiN"
fiii
Vs
Tj
L
Charming creations for eve
ning wear are now entered
in this sale at prices which
make their purchase a prac
tice of thrift. They are in
the daintiest colorings of
peach, nile, maize and black.
Silver and gold laces add to
the beauty cf these dresses.
Dress Values to $28.50
$21.00
$33.50 Dress 24.50
$35.00 Dress 26.25
$45.00 Dress 33.75
$50.00 Dress 37.50
$G5.C0 Dress 48.75
U. S. Food Administration License Number G-13942
The Loveliest Afternoon
Dresses Specially Priced
An Unusual Under-Pricing of Women's
Summer Wearables Exceptional Values
Here are wonderful opportunities to purchase Women's Ready-to-Wear Apparrel at frac
tions of their true worth and value. Each garment in the offVWng is smart and fashion
able model of this season's most favored styles. In the lot are afternoon dresses, evening
dresses, stunning summer coats, blouses of every description, middies, etc. All of which
are very much under priced. Come early tomorrow and get the pick of the lot.
Wool and Fiber Sleeveless Coats Greatly Reduced
These sleeveless fiber and wool sport coats will prove among the most stylish and indis
pensable of summer wardrobe essentials. They may be selected from an alluring array
of colors, in both open and closed front styles.
$10.95 Value, special at $ 7.95 $16.50 Value, special at $12.50
$11.95 Value, special at 8.95 $20.C0 Value, special at 14.85
Ice Wool Slipover Sleeveless Sweaters, special f 3.95
A splendid collection of
street and afternoon
dresses in many patterns
and designs of foulards,
taffetas, silk ginghams,
satins and combinations
of satins and georgette
crepe. The prices shown
below will appeal to wom
en who appreciate real
value.
Dress Values to $25.00
Reduced to
$14.50!!
Dress Values to $37.50
Reduced to
$19.50
A Rare Opportunity to Secure
Specially Priced Blouses
The best blouse buying opportunity in some time is this
sale of the season's best models. There i3 almost an un
limited choice too, so that women can easily find more
than one model to satisfy their ideas of blouse values.
These models are most careful
ly tailored and made in distinc
tive styles from tub silks, crepe
de chines, georgette crepe and
other well known silks. In
deed you will wonder how
such pretty waists can be made
and sold for such modern
prices. It's clearance .time
here and that is reason
encugh for these attractive
(crices.
Lovely Blouses Specially Priced
Georgette crepe, wash and satins, and striped silks with
fillet lace edge and Jiand embroidered.
$ 8.50 Value, special at $ 4.25
$ 8.95 Values at $4.50 $10.95 Values at 5.50
S10.00 Values at $5.00 $12.50 Values at 6.25
$ 9.00 Values at $4.50 $25.00 Values at 12.50
$4.50 Fashionable Blouses, special. $2.95
Crepe de chine, Japanese silk, wash silk and georgette .
crepe in a variety cf shades, exceptional values at..$2.95
A Splendid Pullman Kimono Special
A splendid line of Japanese silk kimonos, also a few wool chalies in
dark colors:
Japanese crepe kimoncs value to $6.50
Special at $2.95
Wool chalie kimonos with cap attached, values to $8.95
Special at $4.50
Lovely Silk Kimonos Specially Priced
Floral patterns in silk kimonos with elastic belts and fancy lace collars
in a variety of cloors and designs; sizes to 46.
$4.95 to $6.00 Values, special at $2.95
$6.95 to $7.50 Values, special at 4.95
$3.75 Values, special at 5.95
$15.00 Values, special at 7.95
A Sale of
Women's Smart Summer Coats
; "hese cool summer evenings call for a light coat to wear when you go auto rid
ing; and the prices quoted here offer the opportunity to secure just the coat you
want for a very small price. They are, tailored in fine serges, wool velours,
jerseys and summer mixtures in all the most wanted shades at these greatly re
duced prices.
$15.00 Values; special. .....$11.25
$20.00 Value, special 14.95
$21.50 Value, special 16.00
$22.50 Value, special 16.95
$24.50 Value, special 18.25
$13.50 Value, special $10.00
$17.50 Value, special 13.50
$35.00 Value, special 26.25
$37.50 Value, special 28.50
$53.50 Value, special 39.95
1m
Let Us Fight the Kaiser With Fire
Every man counts.
Every dollar counts.
Buy War Savings Stamps Every Week.
THERE ARE TWO WAYS
TO CONDUCT THIS WAR.
Comfortably and perhaps lose it.
Uncomfortably and surely win it.
Your comfortable dollars are needed by our
boys in France.
Help Win the
By Buying
Buy War Savings Stamps Here W. S. S.
A Special Lot of
Trimmed Millinery
At One-Half Price
All the latest and best shapes and styles have been
put into this sale. It is an unusual offering at this
season of the year and one that is eagerly waited
for by every thrifty wom
an. Practically every hat
in this store is included,
offering a very exception
al saving opportunity to
those women who need
new hats for summer time
for business wear, for
traveling and general va
cation wear. And they sell
at just one-half the regular
(price.
Bargain Booth Hand Bag Special v
The great demand for these bags and purses at our last
sale prompted us to try and secure another similar lot of
manufacturers samples which we are going to offer to yon
tomorrow at about half price. It would be useless to de
scribe this beautiful assortment they must be seen to be
appreciated. "
Children's Wash Dresses
Children's white wash dresses
daintily trimmed with lace and em-
brodiery, in sizes from 6 months';
to 6 years. They are siightiy soiled
therefore this small pricing, 49c,
85c, $1.25, $1.50, $1.95 and $2.50.
Middies Special 95c
Slipover and open front style mid
dies of Japanese crepe, cotton,
jeans and khaki, trimmed with
large sailor collars and pockets,
values to $2.50, special at 95c each.
Four-Piece Set Porch Furniture, Special $16.00
This four-piece set of ivory and Maroon porch furniture consisting of
table, rccker, chair, and settee, that is marked to sell for $33.00, special
at $16.00.
Show Your Colors on the Fourth
We are showing a most complete assortment of flags, both with and
without staff in all sizes and prices. Get your flags for the Fourth now.
$1.00 Down and $1.00 a Week
Cook in a Cool Kitchen With One of Our
New PERFECTION Oil Cook" Stoves
A Visit to Our New
Monday Silk Specials
We are offering for Monday some of our very best
patterns and grades in summer silks at greatly reduced
prices.
' $4.50 SILKS FOR $1.69 YARD
This lot includes our complete line of summer pat
terns in Pussy Willow and Khaki Kool that are sold
the world over for $4.00 to $4.50 the yard. To close
out, at the yard '. $1.69
$2.00 SILKS FOR $1.29 YARD
36-inch foulards in the best sport design, if sold in a
regular way would bring $2.00 the yard, now... $1.29
$2.50 SILKS AT $1.69 YARD
40-inch radium taffeta silk in all the new season's
colors. A splendid silk that wears and washes well.
Special at the yard $1.69
SKINNER'S Guaranteed TAFFETA at $1.75 Yd.
The best taffeta you can buy in black only. Special
for Monday only, at the yard $1.79
NATURAL PONGEE AT 85c YARD
Wide natural color pongee for Monday, special at the
yard -- - 85c
40-in CREPE de CHINE AT $1.45 YARD
A large range of all the best shades in crepe de chine
at only $1.45 per yard
$2.25 GEORGETTE CREPE AT $1.85 YARD
40-in. Georgette Crepe in all colors at the yard..$1.85
32-in. SILK FIGURED SHIRTING AT 75c YARD
Very suitable for sport shirts in a beautiful line of
colors a regular $ 1 .00 grade at the yard 75c
Visit Our Show Windows, They Are Interesting
Music Dept. Will Prove Interesting
Listed Below You Will Find Some of the
late Arrivals in Sheet Music
Star Spangled Banner
Don't Leave Me Daddy
America. Here's My Boy
K. K. K. Kaity
Good Bye
The Rosary
Sunshine of My Soul
My Hawaiian Maid
Come Back Home
Your A Grand Old Flag
Meditation
Let's Keep the Glow In Old Glory
A Laddie in France la Dreaming of Me
When You Come l ack My Soldier Boy
When the Kaiser Does the Goose Step
What Are You Going to Do to Help
the Boys?
It Takes Your Uncle Sammy To
Give Me the Right to Ixve You
When We Wind I'p the Watch on
the Rhine
A-M-K-R-I-C-A Means. I Love You
The r. S. A. Will Lay the Kaiser Away
Some Where Jn France Is Daddy
We're Going Over
The Meaning of Our Flag
Darling Nellie Grey
I'm Sorry I Made You Cry
At Dawning
Sombe Where A Voice Is Calling
Aloha Land
The Battle Cry of Freedom
Wonderful Girl. Good Night
Girl 1 Left Behind Me
Humoresque
Homeward Bound
Finish Up the Scrap
Three Wonderful Letters From Home
I'm Hitting the Trail to Normandy
Our Soldier Boys
Send Me Away With A Smile
We're Going Orer the Top
Sailing Home
The Boy That Is Somewhere In France
Joan cf Arc They Are Calling You
On the Road to H:me Sweet Home
There's A Little Blue St. in the
Window
We will gladly order an' copy for you that we do not happen to
have in stock. Our new line of sheet music comprising patriotic songs,
marches, waltzes, etc. Only 10 and 15 cents the copy.
Anyone requiring a violin, guitar, banjo, ukelele, accordian or con
certinas will find a large selection her at modern prices.
We have a very complete music depart
ment carrying a large variety of Victrola
and Sonora machines, with all the latest
and standard records, including the pop
ular war hits and other patriotic songs and
marches.
Your
VICTROLA
Is Here SEVEN
Mining and Financial News
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 30, 1918.
r
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
1
1
NEW YORK. June 29. Trading in
stocks today did not get beyond the
nominal stage, the market bearing the
many lamiliar aspects of a week-end
summer sesion.
Interest was wholly professional and
concentrated In a very few issues, not
ably metals, oils and other shares ot
like speculative character.
. Extreme gains In these groups ran
from 1 to 2Va points, with extremely
narrow flotations in representative
stocks, such as rails. United States
Sieel and the usual leaders. Sales.
15,000 shares.
Heavy mid-year shifting of loans
was disclosed by the bank statement,
actual loans increasing by almost $67,
000,000, reserves of member banks in
the local federal reserve Institutions,
paining about $129,000,000 and excess
i. cr.es increasing by the large sum
I. $125,000,000.
1 were Irregular, liberty issues
t. slightly.
aal sales, par value, aggregates
$3,575,000. U. S. 2's and 4's, old issues,
declined 1-4 pc cent on call during the
week.
Grand Island
Hull
Howe Sound
iHecla
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami Con
Okmulgee
Pitts-Jerome
Porphyry
Ray Hercules
Tom Reed 1'
Tuolumne
United Eastern
Verde Ex
Verde Combn
Wolverine Arizona
West End
White Caps
Wright Martin
12
45
4
4',
CLEARING HOUSE STATEMENT
NEW YORK, June 23. The actual
condition oi' clearing house banks and
trust companies lor the week show
that they hold $171,971,80 reserve in
excess of legal requirement. This is
an increase? of $124,S26,550 from last
week.
GRAIN
CHICAGO, June 29. Lower prices
for corn resulted today from Improved
weather. The market closed unset
tled, Vi to cents down, oats finished
off to cents advance and pro
v isions varying from unchanged fig
ures to' a gain of 25 cents.
Relief from excessive heat in the
southwest was shown and there were
Kansas and Nebraska rain reports
which induced consderable selling 01"
corn.
There were some belated covering
ia July oats and that option closed
higher. Other deliveries of oats sym
pathized with the weakness of corn.
Liberal shipments of meats made
precisions average higher. Declines
in the value of hogs failed to act as
an offset.
i
34
20
4
36
60
4Vs
95
3Vi
40
1
9
OATMAN
By Collins & Bretherton
Bid
Argo 02
Adams
Arizona Kex
Arizona Tom Reed .......
Big Jim Con . .05
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore ".
Gold Road Bon 02
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
Sunnv Side 02
Telluride 008
Tom Reed 1-75
United Eastern 3.25
United Northern .........
Red Lion
06
NEW YORK COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK. June 29. Cotton
closed steady, net loss 7 points lower
to 18 points higher, with October
25.26.
NEW YORK METAL MARKET
NEW YORK, June 29. Bar silver,
99lc.
NEW YORK
By U J. OVtRLOCK, Broker.
Closing Quotations, June 23, 1913
Anaconda 67"
American Can 45Ti
American Car 4S U
American Locomotive 6S
American Smelter 80 i
American Sugar
.112
Baldwin 92
Bethlehem Steel (B) .... So!
Canadian Pacific 147Vi
Central Leather 71
Crucible Steel 68 i
Distillers' Securities . 5Si
Erie los
Generil Motors 154-i
Lackawanna 81 Vi
Marine Pfd 10-V,
Mexican Petroleum S&'i
Midvale : 52'4
Northern Pacific : X7Vfe
.Reading 92:U
Rubber 59 "i
Rep. Steel 91 Vi
Studebaker 48
Steel 108
' Steel. Pfd 1HU
St. Paul ; 42H
Southern TacKic S'.'i
'Sinclair - 33 Vi
Texas OI' 153 Vj
United Motors i'Z'a
U. S. Marr.cs : 45
Union Paciiic '. 121:i
Westinghouse 13
Adventure 50
AHouez 0
Alaska -Vi
Arizona Cem'l 14
American Zinc 19
Butte 29
Calumet & Arizona i7Vi
Calumet & I let la 440
Calumet Range 16'
r hino 40'
Chile 16YI
East Butte 8V,
Granby t 6
Greene Cananea 42
Goldfield 20
Hancock 5
Indiana 45
Inspiration
Kennecott 33
Keweenaw 1
Lake .'
LaSalle 2Vi
Mohawk 6't
Nevada 19
Kippi.Miig
North Itu'tte 15
ld Dominion . .
Osceola
Pond Creek . . .
'iuincy
fay Con
.'hattuck
; harinon
;-t. Marys
''itiTior BfiSlon
UtHh CopiK-T
42
52
19
7
24,
16
4
5()
2;
S2'A
tan Con 1"
V'inona ' IVi
CURBS
Arizona
Arkfiis.-is K
Austin
Ariz. Silver Kin::
i.; I.edu"- 1
P.ulte ii London 1"
( a! ,mct & Jerome 1
7 I
Con. Arizcna 1
Con. Copper 6
Ctirtiss 37
Denn -1
PiiMlec
Emma
Federal Oil 2
2-,!
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden - 2.50
Green Monster .50
Butte London 17
Dundee 75
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome 36
Jerome Verde 50
Ark-Arizona ...-.- 08
Jerome Portland ....... .15
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper 45
Magma Chief 20
Wolverine Arizona
Verde Combination 69
Miami Consolidated 02
Verde Squaw
Nacozari Consolidated ...
Verde Apex
Porphyry 60
Calumet & Jerome 1.12
Feather River
Ask
.04
.02
.15
.05
.08
.02
.04
.15
.02
.04
.10
1.76
3.50
.02
.15
.20
.87
.04
.40
.62
.11
.16
.12
.50
:25
1.80
.75
.05
.50
.35
.06
.75
1.18
.15
SUMMER MILITARY
AT
CAMP
TUCSON
Considerable interest has been ex
pressed in the soldier training wor.
which will be carried on by the Uni
versity of Arizona this summer, and
so many inquiries have come in from
all over the state relative to this work
that it is thought desirable to give
publicity to the following facts:
The course begins July 1 (not on
June 15 as was first announced), ant
will last for eight weeks. Two hun
dred drafted men will be trained as
automobile mechanics and chauffeur?,
machinists, blacksmiths, electricians, j
carpenters, cement workers, and radio j
operators. Instruction will be given by 1
the members of the engineering fuc-
ulty of the university and by men who 1
have had a great deal of practical ex-1
pcrience along the various lines I
taught. The soldiers will be housed m
the university dining hall, and will ,
work in the university shops and lal
oratories. The equipment has been ma
terially augmented to meet the re
quirements -of the government, and
nothing' is being left undone by the
university authorities which will niak
these courses thoroughly successful.
Two hours each day will be devoted to
military drill and seven hours a day
(except Saturday w hich is a half holi
day) will be given to technical instruction.
OF-
Solid Comfort
Right Down Town
Stanton & Overland Sts.
EL PASO, TEXAS
lotel Savoy
Seaman & Schaldach. Props,
Operated on Merit Try It
Best Dollar Day House in the
Great Southwest
Uncle
Warnis You
For the
Y VTA
NEW
M
ii
LtiMtll: III ta
may
filii
50.000 Jobs at Sea Will Soon Be Open
This Work Is
As Important as Military Duty
TO WIN this war we must have SHIPS. Our fighting men our Allies cannot win without food and sup
plies and these must be carried in ships. Things we need at home hides from South America sugar
from Cuba must be brought to us in ships.
When the Government recently took over the Dutch ships, it lacked men to put cn them. The Hog Island
Ship Yard will alone turn out 50 ships this year. With all yards busy, an 8,000 ton ship should be launched every
other day. The Nation needs men to man these ships.
It is building ships and buying ships as fast as it can. It is hiring crews and training crews to man these
ships. It sounds a call to young men now at home; a call to serve their country not on land but on sea; not on
battle ships but on merchant ships to back up their brothers in the trenches.
It appeals to 50,000 men of 21 to 30 years to volunteer for the Merchant Service. And it does not insist on
experienced men it trains men for their work.
HOW TO INVESTIGATE
Go to J. M.; Ball's Drug Store, or Any Rexall Drug
Store, for 7000 of These Stores in America Have
Been Designated by the Government as United
States Merchant Service Enrolling Stations
The man in charge of enrollment will explain all
about the different kinds of jobs you can choose from.
Jobs for sailors, jobs for firemen, coal-passers, cooks,
waiters, etc
If you are accepted for the service, you sign a contract
to work in the Merchant Marine for the duration of the
war. This exempts you from all military service.
Then you are sent to a United States Shipping Board
School Ship for a month's special training, "and you re-,
ceive $30 wages, your board and your uniform.
The ship makes cruises along the coast. You sleep
in a good bed. You eat good food. You have plenty
of recreation and amusement.
After training, you board the big steamer on which
you are to work. Your pay is advanced at once to $45
a month or more, depending on the kind of work you
do.
You find that you have fine opportunities for ad
vancement and to save money. All your living expenses
are paid. If 'your ship is called into the war zone you
receive a large bonus.
Furthermore, you can make your job permanent after
the war, and can fit yourself for an officer's position.
If it happens that you have had experience at sea
either on deck or in the engine room your country
needs you at once. You have the chance to get back
to your old berth on blue water, or to become an officer.
Many officers are needed now as well as crews. Ask
the Rexall man.
Boys you boys have felt the thrilling call of the sea
the eagerness to visit strange lands to take part in
the greatest events the world has ever known; call at
the Rexall Store TODAY and fill out application to
join the new
UNITED STATES
erch
o
arm
THIS SPACE PATRIOTICALLY CONTRIBUTED TO THE WINNING OF THE WAR BY
M
MAIN STREET .
. BALL, DRUGGIST
THE RExkLL STORE
BISBEE
f;:idslen
Gr'eii Monster '
Globe Dow EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 30, 1918.
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertaiued If so, call
The Review after C p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
ENTERTAINED.
Mr. and Mrs. Leon Ri;e entertained
Mayor Erickson and wife on Wednes
day evening at 5 o"d:Hk at dinner.
I.
the coast from Lone Beach on the
steamer. Mrs. Hodgson and family
have Ween at Lone Beach since Feh
ruary. Lieutenant Hodgson expects to
be sent soon over seas. He is now '
attached to the Machine Gun corps. j
1 FOR APPENDICITIS.
! Father Mundin was taken to the
popper Qiuen Hospital yesterday suf
j fcring from an acute attack of appendl
Ici'is. He was operated on late yester
' day afternoon and reports from the
1 1( spital hte last night stated that he
j waa retting comfortably.
rj
A G
E
E A
TODAY
CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11
DOUBLE BILL EXTRAORDINARY TODAY
TRD
TODAY
FROM PHOENIX.
'A. F. Parker, the Phnenix insurance
man, is in the city on a short visit
and Is registered at the Copper qur.cn
hotel.
WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
C. A. McDonald of the Cochise Bank
and Trust company was in Tombstone
yesterday on business before the su
perior court.
TO THE COAST.
Among the Bisle citizens who have
gone to the coast during the past
few days aie: H. C. Lisman. J. L.
Miller, John Kow, K. Emmehl, Mrs.
II. M. Gallagher and family, Liilu
Clung. Miss Ida M. Sharp. John A.
Russell, Steve Bund, C. K. Stockey
RETURNED HOME.
.Mrs. J. C. Clark and daughter, Helen,
returned to-l!isbee Wcdncvduv :ifer a
three months visit to relmives and
friends in Oklahoma and Texas.
FROM PHOENIX.
l)oane Merrill of Phoenix, is in the
city on a short business trip. He is
interested in the production of Celery
Vig. He will remain for a few days.
AFTER PRISONER.
Deputy Sheriff Charles Cross was Rl '
the city yesterday from Douglas. He ;
came here after the alleged forger.
Young, who will answer to the charge
of having forged the name of a man '
named Billingsly to a check cn the
First National bank in Douglas.
CHILDREN'S CLUB DANCE.
The Children's club of Warren hr.ve
turned into the treasury of the local
Red Cross the sum of $10.50 which
they made through various efforts.
HAVE RETURNED.
Jesse Yoakum and wife have return
ed from a two weeks' auto tour
through the northern part of the state
pnd New Mexico. Jesse reports hav
ing had a very pleasant trip.
ANONA CLUB.
A meeting of th nona club was to
be held at the home of Miss Bucket.
July 2. will meet instead with Mi-is'
Floyd Chancey and Venita Rose on
tbat same date, at the home of Miss
Rose. All members are requestedt to ;
be peresnt. i
CLAIMS APPROVED.
Approval has been made in the of
fice o the s rvevor general of minin?
claims. Daisv Nos. 1 to 13. situa'ed
in this district, and belonging to
Michael Foudy.
FROM SCHOOL.
Harry Fhea, has arrived from Wat
scnville, Cal . for his vacation. Thli
was the third term for the youngester
"t St. Francis school where he stands
high in his class.
TO CLOUDCROFT.
Fred Ryan, wife and child, havo
gone to Cloudcroft, New Mexico,
where they will remain for a few
weeks enjoying the fresh mountain
air.
VISITING HERE. ,
Mlsrfes Julia Powe and Eva Powe
are in the city from their home at
San Simon, in the northern part of th"
county. While here they are the guestv,
of Miss Beatrice Butler.
OVERLAND TO COAST.
D. C. O'Neill and Dr. Armstrong of
Douglas, accompanied by H. M. Galla
gher of this city, left yesterday by
auto for Souther nCalifornia, where
they will spend a few weeks. They
are travelling in a Winton Six and
hope to be able to make the trip a crops
by Needles without any trouble.
FROM DOUGLLAS.
S. P. Anplewhite, C. O. Ellis and J.
M. Sparks were in the city yesterday
from Dsue'as to confer with Warren
district citizens in regard to the for
mation of Sutter clubs throughout the
county. Pisbee will organize one next
week and others are expected to fol
low rapidly. Willcox also got into ilne.
3 ltv i . tfmi mis11
5
THOS. H. INCE Present
fc - TA pT , .n
1
Mart
IN THE SIX-ACT DRAMA
OF THE MEXICAN BORDER COUNTRY,
I
Li
illc-rdlFlCii
WILLIAM S. HAET, IJi.SCEWE FROM, TELLNGLE PLAY, "THE
PATRIOT. '
A THRILLING STORY OF THE STRIFE-RIDDEN
BOUNDARY LINE AND IS ABUNDANT WITH THE
AMOSPHERE OF REBELLIOUS MEXICO.
Also MUTT and JEFF COMEDY
ADMISSION: CHILDREN , 10c
ADULTS 15c
THIS INCLUDES WAR TAX
PATHE PRESENTS
The Comedy
Sensation
With the World-Famed
1010
IN
Cleopaisy
BURLESQUE ON
An
NOTHING LIKE IT
It's a Scream!
COUNTRY CLUB.
Mrs. Arthur Notman and Mrs. E. H.
Rro'ihton were the charming Tiost-;
esses at n party Saturday afternoon
for the Plind fund. At the Country
c!ub. The sum of $3.75 was taken In
towards this relie work, which proves
tbat a number of women were present
to dring mint-iced tea and play cards.
UNDELIVERED MESSAGES.
TIkt are undelivered teleprams at
the Western Union office for the fol
lowing r.snied persons: Eryl F. Lii-
lard, Ed F'.ynn, E. E. Jones. James j
wuziMiuiuTi, v an i.iausen and r.nss rv
clyn M. Campbell.
MARRIED IN KANSAS.
Advices have been received here
that James Evan Wild, a Bisbee na
tive son. had been married at Army
City, Kansas, on June 1 to Miss Ethel
May Morrill, x Mr. Wild is now in
France. He is a son of Mr. and Mrs.
J. W. Fisher of this city.
FROM PHOENIX.
George Mintz, V. P. Norris and J. B.
Eelt of Phoenix, are in the city and
are guests at the Copper Queen hotel.
They came here for the purpose of
taking part in the dedication of t!?
Odd Fellows' hall.
"POC" PLACK PROMOTED.
Word has been received at the Re
view office th- n. Black, com
monly known as "Doc" Bla-V, has been
promoted to Ferreant in the medical
department cf t!ie national army,
evacuation hospital number sixteen.
HAS RETURNED.'
Mrs. E. E. Eilinwood has returned
from a visit to relatives in Ohio.
She is now enjoying a visit from her
daughter. Mrs. Cornelia Morris of
Globe. Mr. Morris is also here with
his wife. Mr. Morris' Is one of the '
prominent attorneys of Gila county.
IN TOMBSTONE.
In stating the news of the accident
that befell Allen R, English. H13 Re
view yesterday morning stated that he
was in his room at the Arcadr hotel
in Tucson, when it should have read at I
Tombstone. Reports from there yey.
terday were to the effect that he was
cn the road to recovery.
BROTHER WAS DROWNED.
The press dispatches of yesterday
brought the news that George Zeller
was- drowned at Pensacola. Florida,
when his machine fell into the bay. He
was the brother of A. J. Zeller. the
moving picture operator at the Eagle j
theater. According to advices received i
yesterday by him the remains of his
brother will be taken to the old home
at Rhone Oak, Virginia, for burial.
ORPHEUM THEATE
TODAY:
CALIFORNIA'S CYCLONIC LOVE STORY,
66The Eyes of
the World
99
IN TEN PARTS
By HAROLD BELL WRIGHT
ARE IN CITY.
Mrs. F. E. Ri!ey and children 01
Douglas are temporary residents la 1
this city from their home in Douelpi. !
They came here on account of Mr.
Riley who Is an engineer in the em-j
ploye of the K. P. S. V.. being
transferred here for a short while. j
FROM WILLCOX.
George Henshaw. one of the promi
nent democratic politicians of Willcox,
is in the city for a few days. He was
a resident of the Warren district for a
number of years. But for the past ;
four or five years has been located in j
the northern part of the county. He 1
was connected with the Norton-Mor-!
gan Commercial company for a num
ber of years but at present is engaged
in the insurance business.
THE EYES OF THE WORLD ITS APPEAL
, TO THOSE WHO LIKE A GOOD STORY.
TO THOSE WHO LIKE OETRY.
TO THOSE WHO ADMIRE NATURE.
TO THOSE WHO APPRECIATE PURPOSE
, TO THOSE WHO VALUE TRUTH, PURITY AND BEAUTY
And to All Those Who Seek
Entertainment SEE IT!
'4
t .V ., - AS
Si
BALCONY 15c
MAIN FLOOR 25c
THIS INCLUDES WAR TAX
Of -n.
1 in
V'
ARE IN TACOMA.
Capt. J. P. Hodgson and wife of this
city, are at present at Taeoma, Wash.,
on a visit to theor son. Lieut. H. E.
Hodgson and his wife. They went up
TO ATTEND DEDICATION.
Peter Johnson and wife arrived here
ltst nisht from their nresent home on
the ranch at Silver Creek. Mr. John
son and wife pre ninneer residents of
the Warren district and Piave con
siderable property interests still here. !
Mr. John"oi was one of the pioneer;
butchers here. He came in from the
ran-h last evenisr to attend the ded!-1
cation of the new hall o the Odd Fel
lows. Mr. Johnson has the distinction
of being ere of the three members,
wfto have recr iv 1 the honor , gold
r. eta! for twenty-five years' continu
ous membership in the Bisbee lodge.
STEALING HAY.
A number of boys in the vicinity of
the Warren laundry have been maklr.
o habit of entering the barn of V. 'i.
Medigovist in the evening just ai'tir
the horses have been fed and stealing
the hay from them antl giving it to
the burros that they pick up and rid?.
The horses have been suffering as a
consequence. Some parents are going
to be compelled to pay for damages
that is being done in the district by
the acts of their boys.
; POSTER TELLS STORY.
! Anncuncing the recruiting of a re
placement regiment of engineers, a
poster has been received by the Com
mercial club from Washington. The
' poster describes the classes of met-han
ics and workmen, needed in this regi
. ment as being, electricians, black
j smiths, carpenter, woodsmen, miners
, oiiflrrynicn;.'. blasters, masons, track
men, chauffeurs, truck repair men,
! tepmsters, clefks ' and stenographers
Men between the ages of 18 and 40
years are eligible.
today LYRIC THEATER today
CONTINUOUS: 1 to 11
WILLIAM A. BRADY Presents
ETHEL CLAYTON
"The WitclT Women"
IN FIVE PARTS
Story by Willard Mack Directed by Travers Vale
How a beautiful Alsatian "girl comes to be known as "The Witch Woman," how
hypnotism restores her mentality and how she meets the twin brother of the man who
has deserted her and thinks that he is the guilty man. An amazing story superbly pre
sented. ALSO THE COMEDY,
crambel Honeymoon"
Balcony 5c Main Floor 10c Reserved Seats 20c
DON'T FAIL TO SEE "THE O P EN PLACES" MONDAY, JULY lt
"AS
(Additional Local on Page 6.)
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
FOR RENT Garage, light and water.
$4 per month. Call Dr. Playfair, S
Mason hill. Phone Blue 647. 608
, FOR RENT Desirable front rooni
' weil furnished, -all modern conven- j
; . lences. uouievara mop, secon.i
house north. Warren. Private en
l trance. 607
! FOR SALE Ranch, 320 acres, good
'. sandy soil, good grass. Land will
! sell cheap for cash or on easy term.
' Leaving July 10. Address S. W. G .
' Review. 606
I FOR RENT Two furnished rooms.
.110 School hill. 611 j
I 'M 'KA . I HI
-
i : "
9 THE S
RAYMOND
15
a rmm
1 ATM.
1 il su
HOW YOU KNOW
R
-TODAY
Business Locals
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
EUbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee
Blsbe Auto Co., 7 . m., 1:30 p. m. 7 1
Phone Bisbe 5. Adv.
NOTICE T. F. B.
Members and visiting members re
quested to be present Monday evening,
7:30. to meet Brother and Sister R. T.
Mahon. Business of importance. Re
freshments. ORDER OF THE PRESIDENT.
IG SONG SMOW
BIGGER AND BETTER THAN EVER
40 - PEOPLE - 40
PRESENTING
"A Stubborn .Cinderella"
Prices Children 25c - Adults 50c - Reserved Seats 75c
This Includes War Tax. Reserved Seats on Sale at Box Office.
s 1 s
TOMORROW RAMOND TEAL Presents GEO. M. COHAN'S GREAT PLAY,
"BROADWAY Ml
t
Painter and Paper Hanging
C J. BRANDT
Box 150
Phone 456
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Commencing July 1st, Bisbee Camp
will meet at the Medigovich hall on
the first Satudrav of the month.
SS'J RALPH L. MOT.. Consul.
MATERNITY HOME.
Call Black 57:1 for terms, et.
Advert isen:er.t 97
Dr. Playfair. Osteopath. S.S Mason j VVOLVERINE & ARIZONA
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647. 1 MINING COMPANY
Adv. 231 i Calumet, Mich . June 19. 191S.
The Beard of Directors of Wolverine
I L. Oilman sells tha New FOIson, & Arizona Mining company has th's
"the phonograph with a soul." 'day declared a dividend of twenty-
five cents per share payable July 3i.
r.'iS. to stockholders cf record at th"
close cf business Ji:lv lit. 191$.
CHARLF.S C 1 1 Y N O W ETH.
500 S?TMjry
DANCE.
C A A. Band Dance. Warren Park.
Wednesday and Saturday. Admmls
slon fO cents. Indies free. Adv. "40 Haifa
m
I MINING
SECTION
SOCIETY
SECTION
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
VOL. 21, NO 17.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 30, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
Ml
TRANSPORTATION SITUATION
AFFECTING MINE SUPPLIES IS
MICH EASIER THAN RECENTLY
BIF NINC
By FATHER
Room for Improvement Remains, However, as Shattuck tyill
and That of Ray Hercules Are Delayed in Transit, Re
straining Copper Output of This Section by at Least
500,000 Pounds -as Other Enterprises Also Are Held Up
Temporarily
HISTORY OF DISTRICT AS TOLD
OF PHELPS DODGE CORPORATION, WHO
PASSED AWAY THIS WEEK IN NEW YORK CITY
DR. DOUGLAS'
OWN HISTORY
MILLIONS III NEW ORDERS HI BEEN PLACED
Labor Tending Toward Conservation in Appreciation of Its
Partin Great War arid Effort to Make Every Day Count in
Nation's Behalf; Numerous Anti-wobbly' Resolutions Be
ing Passed by Unions of State Show True Loyalty to
Nation in Hour of Stress
Transnortation conditions as affecting mine supplies have Improved . and
are enabling a materially easier situation than was confronted six months
f., ""1. , however, room for improvement.. t least two important
J . , , t- hin f.-nnth from enter-
plants are new restrained, ana Jiave uu r . r": "
ing production of copper, lead and silver by reason dt'lae m?"n rt
shipments, these plants are the Shattuck mill in the Warren district and
the mill of the Ray Hercules Copper Co. at Ray. The copper output restrained
by reason of inability or these plants to pet underwsy may conservatively be
placed at 1.500.000 pounds the month. Several enterprises of smaller Im
portance are held up in the state awaiting equipment long since ordered and
in most instances shipped. . .
FOR FUTURE COPPER
In the hands or manufacturers of equipment there are several million
dollars worth of orders. Ue delivery of which will mean increased coppvr
production from Arizona. The sooner delivery ia made the sooner will the
additional metal be available to the government and its Allies tor their war
needs These orders are exclusive of those or which mention is made in the
preceding paragraph. In the main they are for additional racilities tor Phelps
Dodge Corporation in the Warren district, for New Cornelia at Ajo, and for
United Verde at Jerome. They do not include United Verde Extension
smelter, for which additional deliveries are yet to come, although the plant
will start up very shortly with present equipment.
THY MINES ARE READY
In making use of the additional equipment at these big properties and at
most of the smaller ones waiting for deliveries, there will be no dalay once
h. tutorial arrives. The mines will be ready to pick up their end in out-
putting the ore. The fact affords another demonstration of the preparedness
policy which operators have kept -advanced in Arizona despite all hindrances
end difficulties of various kind that have presented. The success they have
attained in this respect entitles them to consideration among the foremost
forces which have been in direction of the Industries of the country to the
end that the men are able to cross to Europe and find their needs in muni
tions for their protection and supplies for their proper sustenance awaiting
them, and without which American forces abroad would be a gain to the
kaiser instead of the terror they are proving.
OIL SUPPLY EASIER '
Less apprehension is felt at this time concerning the immediate future
with regard to a sufficiency of current supplies to enable uninterrupted op
eration of mines than in several months. Oil has bad much more ready de
liveries in the fast two months and it has been possible to lift the reserves
in tankage at mining properties, mines and smelters to an easier margin.
There was a period, the first quarter of the year, in which it was a daily
question whether there would be the fuel to meet the requirements to the
end of the week, and sometimes to the next night. Information from the oil
supply centers, however, is not optimistic. It recHes the possibility of a
general shortening up or shipments during the summer months and may lead
to a serious situation. The mines must have trainloads of oil delivered daily
in Arizona in order to keep going. All the possible economies in its use that
science has thus far devised are in practice and nothing more can be done
in this way to alleviate a short supply period except at the expense of actual
reduction of metal output.
AS TO WORKING CONDITIONS
Reports received encourage the belief that tendency in'the ranks of
labor throughout the state is steadily continuing along the lines of growth
in conservatism, appreciation of the great part labor has to carry in the war
and determination to carry it. All efforts on the part of meddlers to win
attention 'to propaganda that would have the effect of creating dissension
and slowing work down are being received by both employers and employes
with entire coldness.
HIGHER WAGE NEED
Higher wages are a recognized need, but the belief persists with con
servative men that the War Industries board will soon take care of this
matter, a belief that has been strengthened recently by reports from Wash
ington that the hoard has received new light as to needs in the copper indus
try, inclusive of higher wages. Arizona operators have urged this point from
the beginning, of price and wage fixed by the government, and it was an open
secret in Washington during the session of the board In May that the Ariz na
operators fully expected and desired that the board advance wages.
FAIR MOTIVES BOTH WAYS
Pending wage relief, there Is no question between operatives and opera
tors in the state except that of bringing about maximum results In nil em
ployments which both are laboring for. CencessibnB have come from both
sides and there is greater confidence than ever before between employer
and employe. The endorsement by large employers of the liberal amend
ment providing for the compensation of injured workmen, which, has been
signed by thousands of workmen in the state to enable this measure to be
placed mi the ballot, is one of the strong recent demonstrations along the
line of harmony and confidence. The provisions in the amendment grant to
the worker all and more in terms of compensation and general procedure
than ever before suggested in the state, and. indeed, more than granted
under the compensation law of any other state in the Union, the liberality of
each being exceeded in every instance.
NO DENT THIS YEAR t
No concern is in evidence in any of the copper districts relative to pos
sible strikes during the summer, although tnere was generally circulated re
port In March and April that August woull witness walkouts. It later de
veloped that this report was based upon an I. W. W. circular Issued from
Chicago and which called upon Wobblies to hold themselves in readiness to
walk out immediately after the Chicago trials, regardless of result attending
these. The circular proclaimed for simple dropping of work and quiet taking
of departure in bodies. Since that time Wobblyism has had hard going in
Arizona and the number of members of the organization in employment has
been greatly reduced. At the present time there are comparatively Tew, and
they are losing their jobs as fast as they are found. If they Bhould all walk
out, employers would be more relieved, through finding and getting rid of
them, than discommoded. Meantime anti-Wobbly resolutions are being
passed by numerous union locals and if these join in helping get rid of the
undesirables by deed as well as word of mouth, there will be little or no
trace of material with which to carry on an August demonstration. Con
cerning the latter there have been recent reports of preparations learned of
in Montana to carry out the I. W. W. headquarters call as issued In the
spring, and In consequence a number of raids have recently been carried out
by sheriffs and Wobblies seized wherever found, a course that is meeting
with general approval.
OF DISTRICT
Story of Heroic Operations
Amid Doubt and Cross
Purpose Resulting in Pres
ent Day Development
SCIENTIST'S RESUME
Inner Secrets of Early Toil
Which Brought Great
Things, Together With Sci
entific Data
A history cf early day mining In
the Warren District, when the
Copper Queen company first en
tered the field and began to make
history, doubtless will prove ex
tremely interesting to the people
of Bisbee, particularly since the
writer, he who had most to do
with making the name of' Bisbee
signify supremacy in the world
of copper mining, passed away
early last week in New York.
The following extracts Irora a paper
presented to the Institute of Mining
and Metallurgy in London, England, by
Dr. James Douglas, tells in an inter
esting and effective manner the story
as none other was or could be pre
pared to tell it:
But, notwithstanding its subsequent
prominence, the Warren district had
not attracted as much notice as some
other districts before its active devel
opment One reason was that the
copper-bearing limestones which dip
south from the core of the Mule Pass
mountains exhibit very few exposures
of ore. It is now known that the whole
series of limestone, extending from
the Cambrian to the upper Carbon
iferous, all carry some copper, but the
beds which contained, so far as ex
posed, the largest masses of pyrites
under conditions favorable Tor the
decay, and during which copper was
concentrated as oxidized and second
ary sulphide ores, are round in the
Carboniferous and to a lesser extent
in the upper Devonian limestones. As
these are overlaid by hundreds of feet
or comparatively barren rock, and as
the beds which contain the ore bodies
dip more steeply tc the south than the
inclination or the surface, the stirlace
ore bodies in these productive lime
stones were exposed only near the
outcrop of their beds, and the deeper
ore bodies of the chain had to be
sought for at steadily greater depths.
The cne notable ore body which
made the district famous cropped out
In the Copper Queen claim, on the
northern exposure of what was sub
sequently known as the Copper Queen
bill. It was an almost circular body
or oxidized copper, iron and mangan
ese, approximately sixty reel In diam
eter, enclosed in unaltered limestone.
The ore was so basic that for a short
time foreign silica had to be added to
the furnace charge, but it was so rich
that for months the furnace yield was
23 per cent or copper. "
The furnace plant consisted or one
water jacket of 36-inch diameter, sup
plemented afterward by a second.
They were erected Immediately be
neath the cpen cut from which the ore
was shot down, through a breaker
shed, on its way to the surface.
There was at the time only one other
company ertracting a small quantity
of surface ore from the Neptune group
or claims, to the south or the Queen
hill. The profitable deposits lay so far
below their Rurface that even the most
enthusiastic miner would have lost
courage in looking for them. The
property or this company, consisting
or seven claims, was ultimately sold
by the sheriff, and passed into the
possession or the Copper Queen Min
ing company. These ore bodies
reached by , underground development
on, the dip or ilie limestone are still
providing the Copper Queen company
with a fair share of its ore supply.
In the beginning of 1S91, though
active mining was being prosecuted
only on the Copper Queen and Nep
tune claims, the district for a long
distance round had been located. Im
mediately above the Copper Queen, on
the hillside, a parallel claim, the At-
; lanta. had been relocated over an old
er claim, the Satisfaction. The Queen
I ore body was dipping toward it. and
! maintained its full size, though not its
original percentage of copper, when
' the claim was bought, on my advice,
I by Mr. James and Mr. Dodge, the
j senior members or the firm of Phelps,
I Dodge & Co. I could not conceive of
such an extraordinary large and rich
j mass or copper as was exposed in the
' Ccpper Queen, constituting either nhe
only deposit, or terminating abruptly
. within the arbitrary bounds of a single
I claim. I was right, and yet I was
j wrong. The limestones enveloped it
i on its dip as completely as they con
fined it as its outcrop, and this won
derful cylindrical body cr copper ore
and ledge matter disappeared before
it reached the Atlanta side lines. This
untoward disappointment happened
arter four years of profitable work, at
the 400-foot level of the incline from
the outcrop; but not until the original
i owners and the shareholders or tae
company they organized had extract
ed 34.f2G.000 pounds or copper, and
distributed in dividends $1,350,000.
During the first 'period of the
Queen's progress the Atlanta Mining
company had been driving tunnels,
and following irregnlar tortuous
streaks of copper from surface down
ward in the hope of discovering an
other ere body, but all in vain. Mean
time, however, the Prince Copper com
pany had obtained a claim on the same
limestone horizon, and was extracting
rich ore from an outcrop and contest
ing the right of the Queen to follow
there on its dip, in conformity with
the law of the apex, into the Prince
ground. They wen their suit and
prospered for a time.
In the summer of 1S94 the Copper
Queen had almost exhausted their ore
resources, and were drifting aimlessly
in pursuit of others. The sharehold
ers of the Atlanta Mining company
ha'd contributed their last assessment
before abandoning their search, when,
almost simultaneously. the shaft
which the Atlanta company was sink
ing and the drift that the Copper
Queen company was running to the
east, entered another ore body with
apparently a reverse dip to the rich
shoot which had made the previous
life of the Copper Queen so prosper
ous. The inevitable legal question as to
the rights of the Copper Queen com
pany to claim ownership of all bodies
on the dip of their limestones within
the end lines or their claims along the
outcrop became acute, and a decision
had to be reached whether litigation
or mining would be the principal In
dustry or the Warren district. Instead
of fighting, it was decided to combine
and the original Copper Queen com
pany, which owned only the Copper
Queen, the Czar. Copper Jack, Iron
Mountain and flie Rucker claims,
threw in their- exhausted claims. In
August. 1S85. with the Atlanta, Belle
Isle and Ellie. The new company
simply added the word consolidated
to its old title. The capitallzatfon of
the company, considering the rather
dubious outlook, was lowered from
$2,000,000 to $1,400,000. Then tor three
years there was cessation or dividends.
But something better than earning
dividends occupied the company dur
ing this gap in its money-making car
eer. Other ore bodies, one or them
the most productive of any as yet ex
tracted, were discovered on the Atlan
ta, and the prospects became so en
couraging that money was borrowed to
erect larger and more economically
designed works.
When the bottom of the original
Queen ore body terminated in lime
stone, a small streak of ore was de
tected crossing from the Queen into
the Atlanta on the old 400-foot level.
Till the new ore body was struck this
veinlet was the only clue to follow,
and to reach it the shaft was being
sunk on the Atlanta with the fateful
$15.000 the last contribution to the
exploration fund which was to decide
the fate or the old Atlanta Mining com
pany, and probably or the district
This so-called "joker," when the
ground was explored by the Consoli
dated company, led Into a large ore
body which constituted the chief ore
reserves for number of years.
The discovery of these new ore bod
ies and explorations in depth along
the dip of the limestone to the south
began to throw light upon the charac
ter of the deposits, their possible re
lation to one another, and some faint
suspicion as to the bearing of the fels
pathic rock and the faults upon the
genesis of the ores. The effect was
to excite some faith in the perma
nence of the region as a mineral pro
ducer and encourage the purchase of
adjacent property. The Holbrook and
Cave property, owned by a neighbor
ing company, was in the market and
was secured by interests ravorable to
the Ccpper Queen. The large area
owned by the Neptune company was
sold by the sheriff and bought In by
the same interests: and other groups
of contiguous mining claims were se
cured, extending the property of the
Copper Queen far beyond the limits
CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA
WILL FURNISH PRACTICALLY
ALL OF NATION'S TUNGSTEN
(By Review Leased Wire) J
SAN KRANCISCO. Calif.. June
29. California and Nevada will he
called upon to furnish practically
the entire amount of tungsten re-
quired by the United States, accord- J
ing to J. II. MoKenzle. of the Unit- j
cd States bureau of miues. who ap-
peared today before the federal j
tarifr commission at Its hearing
here. Tungsten deposits of the
United States, outside or California
and Nevada, are low grade and the J
mining cost Is almost double that
cr the two states named, according
to McKenzie.
CLARK CLEARS OP
CONTENTION
STR1AT U. V.
Writes in Mining and Scientif
ic Press Facts About Hap
penings in Jerome Labor
Troubles Last Year
McGrath Discusses Problems
Growing Out of Federal Control
Of Mining Properties in Nation
Problems growing rrom the Federal taxation requirement as covered
in income, excess profit and other levies, have created demand for expert
views as to various affiliated problems having to do in the main with
j getting at matters of finance accurately. Several papers from T. O. Me
! Urath. auditor of Shattuck-Arizona. have appeared in the Mining & En-
gineering Journal. New York, along these lines and have attracted a great
) deal of attention in eastern circles, along with the endorsement of the
S Journal. The mcst recently published of these papers is of great interest
In the mining country, inasmuch as it advocates an arrangement and regu-
lar presentation of actual costs at mine, mill and smelter.' It is given
; below with the permission cf Mr. McGrath:
The War Tax Law will require aicf other properties or like nature and
more universally standardized form of ,.,, . . . ... .
report from treasurers to stockholder J t"0h'mi..tt Jud? . y ,h'
than heretofore has been the practice ! 1, ,,1 , TSJ
j- . . . , i vJn making a report to the stockhold-
and directors and managers of metal-' .w . " ". ..,... .
producing companies will have to ' '."J? ' n?bm'" nl
make at least one published report jm ,hmf if. '
yearly to their stockholders. In read-1 Fir8t' he J1 f the mn"Sr
year; second, the report of the treas
urer, or other official, stating the total
(Continued on Fae Two)
Publication was made In radical cir
cles in April of criticism leveled at the
United Verde In an article in the Min
ing &. .Scientific Press. In May the
editor of the Mining & Scientific Press
who wrote the article copied In Arizo
na, made retraction in entirety but so
far as known the retraction has not
been printed in this state. It followed
an article written to the Press by
Charles W. Clark and which the radi
cals have also refrained from giving
the publicity in the state that they
gave to the original article in the
Press. The -correction by the editor
of the latter and the Clark letter fol
low: '
Editor Mining & Scientific Press:
Sir My attention has been called
to an article that appeared in your is
sue of April 6. wherein you comment
upon matters as you found them in
Arizona during your visit there last
year. I believe that, in regard to
many of these matters, you have been
misinformed, and I hasten to correct
any wrong impression that you may
have -had.
In the first place. In regard to the
strike in the Jerome district, which
was in the latter part of May. 1917,
you make the statement that it was
your belief that this strike could have
been avoided, if the United Verde Cop
per Co. had used firmness and fairness
In its dealings with the men. I have
active charge of the United Verde, and
the facts in rey-rd to the strike are as
follows:
I was in New Tork early In May, and
at that time knew there was some
thing in the air in regard to a demand
for increase of wages, etc. I took up
the matter with my assistant, Mr. Tal
ly, at Jerome, and wired him finally
to put into effect the Miami scale of
wages, believing that It was better to
have a uniform, scale in Arizona, al
though our scale at that time was ap
proximately the same as the Miami.
About a week after this I was waited
on by a committee consisting of Moy
er, president of the Western Federa
tion of Miners, Lord. Cannon and
Burns. They were with me about two
hours and their plea was for the
closed shop. This I absolutely refused
and the matter stood in this way until
the latter part of May, when the strike
was declared at Jerome. Thanks to
About 300 Mexicans, who refused to
go out, and to the efficiency of our
underground bin system, we were able
to continue operating during the two
weeks that the strike lasted, although,
of course, on a reduced scale.
The governor of the state, the rep
resentative of the War Department,
and the representative of the Depart
ment of .ustire were In Jerome dur
ing this strike. The strike ended by
the men coming back to work on exact
ly the terms 1 had offered before they
struck and when their demands were
first made, and that was by my allow
ing a grievance committee to be ap
pointed, but by my refusing the closed
shop. I cannot see that there was any
lack of firmness here.
Your comments in regard to the phy
sical conditions of Jerome itself are
true. It is unfortunately located on a
steep hillside, which makes building
very difficult, so that it Is. I admit, an
unsightly point. However, so far as
ing and analyzing current reports from
the different mining companies, one is
impressed with the lack of uniform
ity in the presentation of operation re
sults; and to this fact may be attrib
uted the false' impressions of profits
made in the mining business apparent
ly entertained by the majority of mem
bers in law-making bodies.
Company Reports Often of Little Value
Some annual reports are clear, con
cise and complete as to the fundamen
tals of operation and production re
sults fcr the year, while others are
meagre in facts but complete as to'
unimportant details. Many reports
show that there was not a clear Idea
in the minds of the directors as to
what constitutes an intelligent report
As an instance in point, some yearly
reports devote more than half their
space to details such as the character
costs and earnings for the period and
calling attention to the income account
as showing the results of the year's
operations: and, last, the balance
sheet, showing the condition of the
business at the end of the period.
While this Is the reverse of the aatur
al order, it is the accepted order gen
erally recognized.
Most companies, in their yearly re
ports, give a balance sheet that shows
the true condition of the business a:
the time specified, with the possible
excepticn. in the case of the vein
mines, cf the property account and
the surplus account, which are gener
ally excessive because of failure to
make proper charges lor depletion of
ore reserves. However, according to
I Vi a voitifromanta nf thtt War Tat I 'l U
and assay value of each ore stringer ;,k, ;h,w ,, rnw aio'
and body of ore found in each drift
crosscut and raise, but state nothing
as to the actual tonnage developed
during the year and remaining avail
able in the mine. All the details of
production are often given, hut noth
ing is said as to what was received
Tor the production, or what proportion
or the production was sold and deliver
ed and what is being carried at inven
tory prices. Again, an average price
may be given for copper sold, but no
information as to whether or not it is
the net or gross priie, w hether for cop
per delivered or for yearly sales con
tracted, or whether it is the price ob
tained by dividing the total of the cop
per sales I account by the pounds of
copper produced. Other reports con
tain all the necessary facts, but give
them in such detailed and elaborate
form as to be confusing to the average
stockholder.
Therefore, the question that natural
ly arises is: What is a yearly report,
and what is the purpose of such a re
port? The logical answers are as fol
lows: A yearly report of a board of direc
tors to the stockholders or a company
should be an account or the manage
ment by the directors or the stock
holders' property. The purpose or such
a report Is to show: '
1. The condition or the business of
the company at the close of the year.
2. The results of operations ror the
year in profit and loss, and in divi
dends paid or assessments levied.
3. The setting forth of necessary
details and fundamentals of operation
In such manner as to permit any intel
ligent stockholder to acquaint himself
with the expense and cost, production
and earnings, etc.. of his property; to
enable him to make an intelligent com
most companies show a true income
statement, but with the objection usu
ally that it shows net earnings only,
instead of the net profit. The reason
for this is that deductions) are seldom
made for depletion of ore reserves and
depreciation of equipment. Therefore
the disbursements as dividends appear
as dividend earnings, when the fact is
that a certain percentage of such divi
dends is in reality invested capital re
turned to the stockholders. This. also,
should be lemedied under the provis
ions of the War Tax Law.
Lack of Nniformity In Presenting
Costa
Many producing companies show
some kind of a cost, some only a mine
production cost, others the operating
cost, but few indeed show the total
production cost. When it comes to,
giving full, complete and intWrgwif
facts from operations, showing ex
pense, costs, productions, sales, etc..
that can be of use to the stockholder,
there is either such a scarcity of real
information or such a confusion of de
tails that the average stockholder is
unable to arrive at a correct or intelli
gent conclusion as to the merits or de
merits of his Investment.
The forms submitted herewith are
presented as suggestions as to the
facts which should be given in a re
port to stockholders. The Information
specified should t detailed in the
general manager's report and the
treasurer's report, and these are the
Important parts of the yearly state
ment to stockholders. The income ac
count and the balance sheet are shown
in order to give continuity and uni
formity to the yearly report, and to
indicate the income, dividends, and
the statement of the condition of the
business, as required by the War Tax
parison ct the year's results with those
TABLE 1. GENERAL MANAGERS STATEMENT
Production of Ore
Tonnage 12.000 lb.)
Copper Ores Special Ores
Account: "et ury wi
Ore from stopes 173.321 15S.SS6 10.613
Ore from development 8.S24 8.146 928
Ore from dumps, etc. 1.393 1.225
Total ore mined 183.538 163.257 11.541
Total ore shipped 1S3.627 168.331 11.636
Total ore smelted 1S3.963 168.643 10.531
Per cent, moisture content 8.33
Production and Recovery of Metals
Total
Copper, lb .. - is.i6i.it.
Gold, oz - -
Silver, oz , - 314.918
Lead, lb - 3.413.445
Operating Expense and Coat
Pry
10.1 2
St5
11.627
11.116
10.1K9
4 4
Department: Amount
Development - $188,729.47
Ore extraction , 763.740.83
Ore transportation 60.552.75
Smelting 589.641.36
Operating overhead 109.52304
Totals $1,712,187.45
Bullion freight 98.454.44
Refining and selling 244.462.95
Per
Prv Ton
$1,116
4.518
.351
3.496
.649
$10,130
Gross totals '. $2,055,104.84
Operating credits 472.065.56
744
Per Dry
Ton
107.690
0 0:'
1 867
339 000
Per Lb.
Copper
Produced
$0 01039
.04205
.00334
.03247
.00603
$009428
.00400
.014SS
$0.11316
.0?6 0
Net totals $1.5S3.039.2S $ 7.3S6 $0.0871
Law. The income account should in
clude nothing but fundamentals: other
wise it will become confusing. The
details of the totals shown-in the In-
The publication of simple, intelligent
we are concerned, we have endeavored complete and uniform reports by the
to make it as livable as possible for
come account, necessary for clearness,
should be Included in the president's
report, the general manager's report,
or the treasurer's report,
different mining companies would tend
to do away with that mystery and un
(Continued on Page Two)
(Continued on Two) THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 30, 1918.
TWO
McGRATH DISCUSSES PROBLEMS
OF MINING PROPERTIES IN NATION
TABLE II. TREASURER'S EXPENSE STATEMENT
Production Expense and Cot Per Pound of Copper Produced
Per Lb.
Copper
Account:
Operation . .-
Administration and taxes
Depreciation of equipment
Depletion of mines -
Gross production ...
Production credits:
Operation
Administration
Net production -
Sales and Deliveries or tmetais
Sales
Av. Price
Amount Per Unit
rmmor lh 19,515,600 27.177c
Silver, oz. 314,918 65.117c.
Gold, oz - 4.721 20
Details of Operating Income
Copper sales deliveries .. ?
Ore, bullion and suspense sales l.&od.b.s.ii
Gold and silver sales, net - - 299,45?"5f
laH nre aaW net 163,270.28
Refunds, discounts, etc.
certainty regarding the mining bust-, to correct the erroneous belief in the
ness that exists in the minds of many minds or workmen that all mining
members of law-making bodies and otj companies make exorbitant profits
the general public. It would help, also and would be a great benefit to Uie
TABLE III. TREASURER'S INCOME STATEMENT
Income Account Year 1917 '
Operating income ,5,1S2 S-2
Administrative income m
Gross Income t
Operating expense --
Administrative expense not including
Total expense
Gross earnings
Depletion of mines
Depreciation of equipment
Capital returned
Net earnings
Income and war taxes
Net profit -
Dividends paid
Capital returned dividends
Surplus for year ..
Surplus Dec 31, 1916
Earned surplus Dec. 31, 1917 ...
company management and stockhold
ers in giving clear, concise and relia
ble facts concerning operation results
as compared with all other companies
of like nature.
Incomplete Reports Create Confusion
There can be no doubt whatever that
Assets
Cash -
Bills receivable and accrued interest
Accounts receivable and accrued interest
Due for copper shipped
Due for gold and silver
Sold copper in transit
Unsold copper in transit
Ores on liand at cost
Supplies as inventoried ...
Jline property
Mine property increase
Mar. 1, 1913
by
Depletion reserve distributed
Mine equipment
General office equipment
Depletion reserve distributed
Liabilities
Current accounts payable $' 133.942.5S
Refining and selling expense not due ... 83.807.38
Reserve for taxes
Reserve for accidents
Suspense
Reserve for depreciation
Reserve for depletion $1,150,432.50
Capital returned dividends 1.050,000.00 $ 100,432.96
Value of ore reserves abovecost, March
Capital and Surplus:
Capital stock issued
Earned surplus
duction for depletion and allowing thej
people at large to consider such asi
tctal profits. Such reports have been j
indisputable evidence in tJie hands of i
the agitator with which to fan the!
flame of discontent in the minds of I
workmen and to incite strikes and j
violence. !
The suggestions and illustrations j
made are net intended to be sufficient-!
ly complete to cover all the different ;
methods and conditions of tnetaf min i
ing, but are simple outlines which may
create and stimulate interest in the '
important matter of making more sim-i
pie, intelligent and uniform the re-'
pc.rts of operating results. j
The requirements of the Income !
Tax Law make it necessary to show
what portion of dividends were paid !
from profits and what from capital re-1
turned, and from what year's earnings.
The balance sheet mush show the act-;
ual reserves set aside from earnings
for capital returned, instead of show- j
ing the net depreciated value of nrop-'
erty and oquiimient, in order that the :
amount of earned surplus being used !
in the business may be apparent. Also. I
it is provided that in the case of min
ing companies which had acquired ;
their mine property prior to March 1,
1913. the depletion factor shall ! !
based upon the fair market value of '
mineral in place as of March 1. 1913,:
instead of at cost, and the property
acccunt shall be written up or down j
to the value so ascertained. i
Therefore, in the case o' mining :
companies which had acquired their
mine property prior to March 1. 1913.
it will lie necessary that they detr-;
mine tiie fair market value of their '
ere reserves of that date, and if in ex-,
cess of the original property account !
on the books, to write up tbe property
a-.count for t!ie additional value. Ap
parently, the law is sufficiently broaii
to allow the usiug ot the original prop
Produced
$0.11316
.05003
.00192
.02460
$3,445,427.16 $0.18971
$472,0C5.56
9.2S6.70
$4S1.352.26 $0.02650
- $2,964,074.90
$0.16321
Deliveries
Av. Price
Amount Per Unit
17.308,670 23.18c.
9.305.66 $5,151,636.93
..$5,160,923.63
taxes
2,055.104.84
31.806.07
2,0S6,9fu.91
$3,074,012.72
. 446.780.00
34,936.25
...... .. 481,716.25
..$2
592,296.47
876.S0O.OO
$1,715.496.47
1.662,500.99
1,050,000.00
612,500.00
$1,102,996.47
20.S27.21
..$1,123,823.68
lone of the main causes of labor troth
j bles and inefficiency among miners in
! recent years has been the practice ot
I publishing operating costs only, let
; ting the general public believe it to be
1 the total production cost; also by
'showing the earnings without any de
9S4.110.S3
61,926.94
..$ 59,298.01
2,628.93
$ 151,903.30
17.387.69
1,300,268.75
1,870.30
3,289.07
,699.719.11
81,839.44
Amount
$2,055,104.84
- 9081 ,5,1
34'2on'nA
446,780.00
$3,022,500.00
appraisement as of
., 3.000,000.00
$6,022,500.00
- 1,050,000.00
$4,972,500.00
232,812.95
677.10
5.205,990.05
,.
... 1.050.000.00
$9,083,586.37
$ 219.748.51
$ 901,466.16
..; 43.025.40
2,355.26
946,846.82
W2.733.46
293.165.96
..( 3.000,000.00
. 3.500,000 00
... 1,123.823.68
1, 1913
$9,083,586.37
orty account cost in case the ore re
serves as of March 1, 1913, are less
than the book value of the property
account.
When capital returned dividends
have been paid from depletion reserves
during the year, in order to show that
such distributions were not paid from
surplus or undivided profits, the capi
tal dividends will have to be shown
on the balance sheet as a deduction
from the depletion reserves set aside
for a depletion of mining property;
and. after the books are closed and
before the balance sheet is made up.
it will be necessary to decrease the
property account an amount equal to
the amount of the capital dividends
declared during the year, and this
credit to the property account must
be shown on the balance sheet as a
deduct'on from the total amount.
The above suggestion and illustra
tions, especially those relative to the
general manager's and the treasurer's
reports, are not supposed to be suffi
ciently complete to cover all the dif
ferent modes of metal mining, but arc
simple outlines which it is hoped may
create and stimulate interest in this
important matter of making simple,
intelligent and complete reports of op
erating results.
PROTEST ON PROHIBITION
(Ry Review I-o:i!l wire)
NEW YOKK. June 2S. A resoluti n
protesting against the prohibition
ameudment to the agricultural hill
was adopted here tonight.
Hon. W. W. Pace and Joe Lines,
both democrats. Pace a former sen
ator and Liues now a member of the
lower house, are candidates for the
senate in Ciaham county this year.
Both are capable men.
DOUGLAS'
OWN HISTORY
OF DISTRICT
(Continued from Page One)
ot any actual discovery, and over an
area beyond all anticipation of the ex
tension of oxidized ores in depth. Min
ing property was still theap, and had
the administration been as strong as
they should have been, the whole of
the limestone area within sight could
have been secured for a trifle. But
the welfare and development of the
district at large would not have prog
ressed as rapidly under single as they
have under multiple ownership.
In the eary days the geological feat
ures were hardly recognized, and in
searching for ore the miner followed
such clues as in his experience he ac
cepted as Indications. The penolo
gist's skill in distinguishing minute
mineral differences, and the ingenuity
of the geologist in accounting for nat
ural phenomena and deducting nat
ure's ways of bringing them about, is
marvelous; but the instinctive and
mysterious assurance with which an
old and experienced miner interprets
with almost occult sense the near pres
ence of ore, and anticipates what he
cannot see. stands him, though very
indifferently, as a substitutte for the
more accurate diagnosis and often cor
rect prognosis of the scientist.
The earliest reconnaissance or tlie
geological structure of the region was
made by Dr. Ricketts, but the first
actual survey was made by Mr. Ran
some, of the United States Geological
Survey, whose monograph and map
have become the guides which we and
our neighbors have since followed
with advantage in search of ere. Our
present geological staff, under the gen
eral direction of Mr. J. M. Boutell. and
with Mr. Arthur Notman as local head,
has generally corroborated the obser
vations and deductions of Ransome.
and their advice has given a degree
of uniformity and reasonableness to
our exploratory work which it did not
possess before. V.ut at best our de
velopment work Is costly, and still
more or less empirical, for while
faults may be accepted as the chan
nels by which ore currents ascend or
descend, cr into which lateral secre
tions may filter to form ore bodies,
all faults, are not the parents of ore
bodies, and even productive faults are
barren in places, and therefore, when
searching for ere in our limestones.
we must burrow erratically, often fol
lowing delusive trails which science or
false precedent may have traced for
us.
Our strictly exploratory work repre
sents one-fourth of the cost of our
total mining operations, and therefore
any aid which geology can give us to
wards exploring systematically in
stead cf empirically is of immense pe
cuniary advantage to us.
After the failure of the early com
petitive companies, the Copper, Queen
company has been the only operating
company and the dominant power in
the Warren district. But in the year
1899 a group cf courageous miners se
cured an option on the Irish Mag claim
whose Jiistory was illustrative of a
phase of western life which is fast dis
appearing. On one iof my early trips
to Bisbee, a man named Daly was in
troduced to me, who told me that there
was a plot against my life; that he had
been taken into the conspiracy and
offered a certain sum to kill me. I
recognized at once that the man was
insane. Shortly afterward the same
man came to me and offered me all
his claims, including the Irish Mag.
the Senator group and a claim on the
Sacramento mountain, for $10,000, as
Jie said he was anxious to leave the
camp. I would have been glad to buy
them simply for the purpose of secur
ing his extradition, but our superin
tendent, whose life he had threatened,
said that if I bought them he would
resign. Shortly after that Daly shot
a deputy sheriff as he was entering
his gate to serve a warrant for his ar
rest. Daly was seen running up Sac
ramento mountain behind his house,
and that was the last authentic know
ledge as to his whereabouts, though
he signed a deed of his property in
Pueblo, Colorado, to a certain Andy
Mchan.
Another claimant cf his property
was a Mexican wife with whom Jut
lived, and who claimed that she ad
2
700 Comfortable
DR.
.a.
4 TE
150 Rooms, Toilet nnd Lavatory
150 Rooms with Bath
100 Rooms with Hath - - -
100 Rooms with Bath
100 Rooms with Bath En Suite.
Special Rates by the Week
vanced Daly the money with which to
do his title work. Protracted litiga
tion followed. The title was ultimate
ly vested by the supreme court of the
United States in the Mexican wife.
Long before the decision was made we
knew the Irish Mag to be of value, but,
Daly being a fugitive from justice, we
hesitated to negotiate for his claims.
And so the Irish Mag slipped out of
our hands and into the hands of our
friends, the Calumet & Arizona Min
ing Company, the successor to the
Lake Superior & Western Develop
ment Company. The Calumet & Ari
zona company has developed by pur
chase and consolidation into a power
ful company, owning mere than one
hundred claims and making a produc
tion at present or over 50.000.000
pounds of copper per year. It built
a smelter at Douglas, not far from
that of the Copper Queen, and is now
rebuilding it with a view to increased
economy in operation and a larger
output.
We might have claimed so much of
the territory owned by that company
as was covered by the apex of the
Naco and Escabros limestones of Cop
per Queen ground, under the famous
decision of Judge Field, in the Eureka
and Richmond case. Had the question
been submitted to litigation as to who
owned the ore bodies on limestone
beds, the decision would probably have
been in favor of the Copper Queen;
but the question could only have been
settled after bitter litigation, enor
mous expense and repeated injunc
tions and interruptions of work.
The Copper Queen company, there
fore, decided that it would make an
arrangement with its neighbors, waiv
ing the law of the apex, and adopting
the common law rule, by which the
side and end lines, carried down ver
tically, define the ownership of the
minerals in depth. The agreements
between the companies involved the
right to free access to each other's
mines. Therefore, any discovery made
by one company lias been open to the
inspection of hisSieighbor. And of this
privilege the companies affected have
taken liberal advantage. Consequently
the Warren district in the last few
years has made perhaps greater prog
ress than any other in the West.
In addition to the two larger com
panies, the Shattuck & Arizona com
pany was later organized to work a
group of claims, owned by Mr. L. C.
Shattuck. adjacent to the ground cf
the Copper Queen company, where of
old we would not have looked for ore
Many other companies have risked
considerable capital without as yet
receiving any return. But it would be
premature to suppose that we know
the limit, either in superficial area or
in depth, of the copper ores of the
Warren district. Heretofore, as al
ready explained, the operations have
been confined by ourselves and all our
friends almost exclusively to the ore
deposits in the lower Carboniferous
recks. There is no probability of the
limestones of older or lesser age car
rying copper in anything like t.Jie
abundance of the Naco and Escobrosa
beds, but it is equally certain that the
porphyries, which geologists assume
to have been the source cr the carry
ing media of the copper in the lime
stone, contain disseminated secondary
ores of sufficient value to be worked,
and that ore bodies of notable size and
of very good grade have been discov
ered in limestones of Devonian and
Cambrian age, and ' which may give
longer life to the district than is at
present assigned to it.
CLARK CLEARS UP
CONTENTION ON
STRIKE AT U. V.
(Continued from Page Ona)
our -men. We had, at the time of the
strike, about 80 houses which were
rented to our men, and I have since
built 30 more at Jerome. These we
rent at a price so low that our real es
tate account for the last 15 years has
always been a losing one. It is true
that rents, generally, in Jerome are
very high, and the reason for this is
as follows:
When the United Verde Extension
m'rte developed into such a fine pro
ducer, there were many . 'wild-cats'
started at Jerome, and the town, with
in a short time doubled its population.
Pctple who owned houses, regardless
Dend Hour Vacation
in Los An
Ik
Combine Business With Pleasure
You will got n-.o n .;:t T Imili if yuii nrike fio
Hotel Alexandria h iiii'in:ii tii s ii nlial'y Iim "tct.
Just two ll'M-ks fiMm l;ie tji'H't trinntiai v( t.io
I'aeifir Klortiir. IntrruiUiu lines '..iiicli Ui(.l
throughout Soul hern California. Kci-tlily acxsihlo
to mountain :inl lieneli n-siirt:;.
Two thousand nul-s nt mud automobiiu roads
reach out ia cury ill. t-t lion.
In line wth ihe rnrlo(lr finvrnimftil avlriK
plan, f hate uiaile ubC:inllnl rriiurtiun.. iu our
hutrl tarlft and
Low Summer Rates Are
Now in Effect at
Hotel Alexandria
c
ib. ret , .
Our Hotel Register shows rvcrv yvr tinny
Visitors from Arizona. New Mexli o. Ni v:nl:i. T. i -',
Colorado, Imperial Valley ami Southern riluii t.i
points. Arnuitr to nirrt yuur (rtradn litre. You
will llnd a lordiul wcUomc.
Writr for atlrnrtlvr folilrr.
Mnke your rriuratioa MIW,
Vernon Goodwin. Vl i-I'w. and Managing 1 'irector
Rooms
$2.00
2.50
3.00
400
or Mouth
Alexandria
FIFTH AND SPItlG
of whether they were more sha: ks or
not. took advantage of this situation to
raise their rents, and 1 have been In
formed that a mimlier of strong union
men were among those who owned
shacks and took advantage cf tins sit
uation. We, ourselves, continue to
rent our houses to the men, at the
same prices as before, and th.it is from
a third to a hair of what others charge.
So far as actual living expenses in
Jerome are concerned, the recently ap
pointed Federal Administrator for Ari
zona. Mr. Joseph Myers, made a thor
ough investigation and repcrt. and liis
findings were that living costs at Je
rome were as cheap as in any camp in
the West, and cheaper tJian in most
of them.
You refer in your letter to the rather
uncomfortable railway terminal, and
this is admittedly so, the main reason
being that we have been obliged to
put our station away hack on the hill
side in order to prepare for the large
steam-shovel operations which we are
now about to undertake; but, as a
remedy for this, we are constructing
now a road from the mouth of the
Hopewell tunnel, to which point our
Verde tunnel and smelter railroad con-j
necting at Clarkdale with the Santa
Fe runs, to a point at Jerome. whi.!i
will greatly facilitate passenger and
freight traffic.
You intimate in your statement that
a shorter road to I'rescott could be
built, but you must be aware that th's
would be a physical impossibility. We
have always been anxious to have a
closer business relation between Je
rome and I'rescott, and for this reason
I recently offered to finance, with the
I'nited Verde Extension, a fine auto
mobile road, connecting the two points.
1 should have been pleased, whilo
you were at Jemm. to have shown
you our town of Clarkdale. which i
admittedly the finest smelter town to
day in the world. The .buildings are
beautifully built, the business houses
are attractive, the school is most mod
ern in every way, and everything in
the way of hygienic precautions has
been taken to insure as near a per
fect condition of health for the inhabi
tants as is possible. Being within
about ha n mile o? the smo'.ter,
where the stack is 4(U feet high, tho
stroke has at no time within the last
two and one-half years that the smel
ter has been ;:i operation, caused the
slightest trouble.
Our relations with our men :iox
are most amicable. I believe that our
men, as a whole, are peaceable and
yet. in this great crisis, most patriotic.
I will state that during the recent
third Liberty loan drive, without extra
solicitation on our part, every man in
the employ of the United Verde Cop
per company purchased a liberty b.mj.
and the average was about $S0 per
man. Considering the fact that wo
are about 70 per cent foreign in our
make-up, I consider this a wonderful
record.
Your article was taken advantage of
by the 'Arizona Labor Journal' to cre
ate a false impression concerning con
ditions at Jerome, and I think that, in
justice to Senator ClarJj. who has oper
pted in Jerome for thirty years, and
generally in the west for about fifty
years, durng all of which time there
has been but one strike on any of his
properties, and to myself and my as
sociates, I should set forth exactly
what the facts are.
""' ' CHARLES "W. CLARK.
Editor's Correction.
(We are willing to give Mr. Clark an
opportunity to make this courteous
criticism. The writer of the article
the editor of this paper did 'visir
Clarksdale and is glad to testify to
the excellent aranseroent of that smel
ter settlement. It is all that Mr. Clark
says of it. Of course, the writer was
not aware that it was a physical im
possibility" to build a road to Pres
cott. otherwise he would not have
made the suggestion, which came to
him Troiii one supposed to be thor
oughly well informed. In regards to
the events preceding the strke and the
general treatment of the men em
ployed by the United Verde company,
we accept Mr. Clark's correction, with
pleasure. Editor.)
Following out plans made some
time ago, the Tucson Rifle club will '
send a team to I'rescott, July 4. ir. j
competition with the experts of the
Phoenix Rifle club. This will be thn j
first interclub match within the state
for many months.
ei e s
Hotel CciEDaav
hTS LOS A.M.LLLS,
S, CALIF. L I A
! ev. i.
mm?r
THE DOUGLAS ASSAY CO,
ASSAYERS CHEMISTS METALLURGISTS
AND ORE BUYERS
SPECIALTY RARE METALS AND ALKALIES
BOX 1031
1 103 a Ave. DOUGLAS, ARIZ.
Bisbee Lumber Company, im
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
When you pay by check, your funds are
safeguarded against loss you receive an
unquestioned receipt and you improve
your standing in the community.
Make this your depositary by starting a
checking account.
Bank with us.
HOTEL RESORT and TRAVEL DEPARTMENT
Reliable information, suggestions, reservations. no chs.-ge. We espe
cially desire to hear from parties, lodges, societies, and organizatiors.
Auto stage tickets ant- seat reservations secured. (Daily service. San
Francisco to Imperial Valley, Camp Kearny, Riverside Aviation Field,
etc.) Autos furnished for private use, reliable, competent drivers, go
anywhere. Write, phone, or call. LANE'S TRAVEL SERVICE BUREAU,
822 W. 6th St, LOS ANGELES, CALIF. Phones: Pico 1007, Home 1074X
LOS ANGELES
Hotel Lee
Sixth, and Figueroa Streets.
Modern European. Rates, 75c to $3
Room with bath $1.00 up
Special Summer and Weekly Rrtes
All depot cars pass the do.r.
Garage connected. Cafe next door.
Wm. B. CLAKK, Prop.
aple
M
Why use pine floors when maple
costs but a little more?
Wc have just received as nice a
car of maple as you ever saw.
Gibson-Hines Lumber Co.
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best ot cveryrhina at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. in. Regular IWtl by the month, $4U;
$10 by the week.
Henry Toppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine. Weber & Co., Boston. Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN &. BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPFER STOCK
i THE DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS
The Body of
Our Paint
Is pure white lead. It ia mixed with
turpentine or pure linseed oil ac
cording to whether it Is to be used
for in or outside work. There Is no
grit in it; no adulterants to make
Its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts 'always get their supplies
here. Wouldn't it be wise lor yon
to follow thi example.
LOWELL CAR 8TOP.
PHONE M.
LOS ANGELES
Gates Hotel $1
Fireproof. Sixth and Figueroa Sts
Cafe and Restaurant in Connection
Close to Stores, Theaters and all
Car. Lines. Los Angeles' Finest
Tourist and Family Hostelry
TAKE TAXI AT OUR EXPENSE.
Lee Holladay, Pres. and Mgr.
Ceo. A. Collins, Sec'y.
Flooring
Phone 88 THE EISEEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 30, 1913.
THREE
News of Social Circles I
i
A wedding of jtreat interest took (The Dev. Krichbaum officiated and
place Wednesday morning at Saint -
Patrick's church, when Miss Anna
May McAllister became the hride of
Lieutenant Thomas Jackson Ileavey.
Mr. Dan McAllister pave his sister
away while Jrs. Dan McAllister was
bridesmaid. Lieutenant Palmer was
best man. and Mrs. William Umahling
was matron of honor.
It is remembered that the bride
came here a year aeo to visit her broth
er, Mr. Dan McAllister of Warren. She
is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. F
McAllister of Monroe City. Mo., and
v f.s very popular with her many
frifid.? in Eisbee and Pouslas.
T!ie grcK-m is frim Douglas, at1'! 's
th- cn of Colonel Jchn W. Ileavey of
Washington. D. C.
A we l ling: breakfast was served at
.tie Country Club to a few friends and
relatives. The flovrer decorations
were beautiful. The rd.ices were mark
ed with very pretty place cards. The
following guests were present: Lieu
tenant and Mrs. Heavey, Mr. and Mrs.
Wm. Gmr.hiir1? of Douglas. Major and
Mrs. Wilde of Douslas. Captain Cum
mins of Doiislas. Mrs. Boniface, wile
of Colonel Uoniface of Douglas. Lieu
tenant Palmer of Douglas, and Mr. and
Mrs. Dan McAllister of Warren.
After the breakfast the party mot
cred to.lVmelas where Lieutenant.
Heavey and his bride took the train
for Cloudcroft where they will stay
several weeks. Lieutenant Heavey
and Mrs. Heavey will make their home
in Texas. Their many friends in Dis
bee and Douglas wish them much hap
piness in their new life.
IS
Mrs. C. F. Philbrook of Tombstone
Canyon gave a delightful luncheon on
Wednesday at noon in honor of Mrs.
Planc!;ard, of Topeka. Kansas, who is
the guest of Mrs. J. T. Williamson for
a few weeks. Covers were laid for
nine. The guests were Mesdames
Simnis. lilair, Pejrson. Smith, Dlanch-
ard, V.T.Iiamaon and Miss Philbrook.
j ; i
Lieutenant Zewadski was the host
at a dinner party r.t the Copper Queen
hotel cn Saturday night. May 22.
Among the guests present were Me.
and Mrs. Powell. le'ty Sherman. Haz
el Rowe, Hugo Hawkins and Captain
Coode.
iS fS
Captain Goode of Camp Lowell en
tertained at dinner Wednesday night
at the Copper Queen hotel Mr. and
Mrs. Hugh Gallagher. Mrs. J. D. Tay
lor and Lieutenant Zewadski.
IS IS !S
All of the Camp Fire Girls who have
ceremonial ccsiumes are asked to
meet Miss SleCurdy. girls' secretary,
after school at the Y. W. C. A. on Mon
day evening for the purpose of rehears
ing for the 4th of July celebration.
? tf
Mrs. Ed. Campbell of Warren left
Thursday night to summer at the
coast. Her daughter, who has just re-
turned home from school and the two !
other children accompanied her. i
!S tS i ; ;
Mrs. Claude Conipton cf Warren !
iive a tea at. her tome on Thursdav l
from 4 to C in honor cf Miss Leila
Campbell of Phoenix, who is visiting
her sister Mrs. Fred Juliff. A really
lovely tea it was, too, the cool summer
frocks which the guests wore vicing
with each other for beauty.
rT
The meeting of the Woman's League
of the Presbyterian church which was
to be held July 3rd, has been postpon
ed indefinitely.
g tg
Mrs. Anna Juliff and Mr. Charles
T'nemach of Warren were married
June 27 at the Jiome of Mrs. Claude
Compton, daughter of Mrs. Ungemach.
Of Interest
Women ail over the country are tak
ing t.' e places of ui'-n. r s street car
conductors and running elevators anj
a'Uoni-jii'ies. Most evcryrbing to r
lieve a cian to go snd do his duty. It
will seni strange at first but before
long it will be as natural to us as frr
the rest of our brave allies. How
much more fortunate we are than
thousands for a nu.nber of cur-men of
the drp.ft age are still with us on ac
count cf dependents and because of
war industries that it makes the con
trast of our green pi-joeful summer
with its gaiety of youth and pretty
frocks startling in contrast to the torn
fields and bomb s:an-ed towns of
those countries over there.
Kngland has always realized the
need of diversion and amusement for
its men; so must v.e in the gree.t
western world take into consideration
the advantage of dances, pretty frocks
theatre ar.d music. The Huns, it is
said, no matter how great the ex
pense may be, equips its army in new
uniforms before each offensive. Self
confidence is inspired by new clothes.
So it is a matter to be taken seriously
by the business women as well as the
women of leisure, although the latter
class is fast becoming taboo. Kvery
one must be engaged in something use
ful. Misses
The hropd Fmpire girdle is becom
ing to the young girl or the small wom
an, and the separate blouse makes a
very practical sort of dress for warm
weather. A short waist Is good for
slender people. The gingham dress is
absolutely indispensable, no day is
quite complete without it. A simple
one-piece dress made of its soft folds,
finished with white and big buttons,
makos a suitable morning dress.
It's a TT and a new neck so one may
be perfectly happy in a frock of cot
ton. The Empire line of the little
waist is correct, and the front closing
is popular ard convenient. The sleeve
fs made with one seam. The skirt is
cut in fov.r pieces with a soft cluster
of plaits at each side of bo'h the front
and the back. It is suited to gingham,
ohambraj, cotton, poplin and Indian
Head.
Beach Cloth is used for a tie suit
for summer. A coat cut on trim, youth
fttl lines with small box plaits in the
the bridal coujile left that nipht for
the coast to be pore for 10 days. On
returning they will reside in Warren
where Mr. rnema' h is employed with
the .McGregor Kngiiieering Co.
ttr
The women of the A. F. F. W. who
served refreshments at the Warren
Pari: both Wednesday and Saturday
nights are very proud to say that the
win of $70 was made clear and wTll
be turned over to the lied Cross. This
tock hard work on the tart of these
loal wemen and is much to be com
mended. " t? !S
A Red Cross doll that was raffled
off on WV-dnesdny night st the park
dance is still in the possession of Mrs
Hos Griffith as the person that held
number 338 did not appear to claim
the prize. The doll will he on display
1n the Bergriufpt jewelry store and
whoever is fortunate enough to hold
the lucky number of 3:i8 is at liberty
to come to the store and present it
and receive the doll in return.
5S
Mrs. A. G. Watkins and daughter
Barbara arrived on the Golden State
Saturday evening of last week from
Wisconsin, where Mrs. Watkins has
resided with her brother at Earneveld
for the past two and "one-half years.
Miss Barbara has recently completed
a course at the Milwaukee Downer
College and secured a position in the
Eisbee schools as physical culture
teacher, which duty she will assume
at once.
Miss Barbara and Florence and Mrs.
Watkins will occupy their home on
Quality Hill in the near future.
Mrs. Frantzen had a very painful ac
cident to her foot Wednesday which
will confine her to her room for sev
eral days.
g g
Thursday at the A. F. F. W. work
rcoms the many women who visited
Ml
d a great amount of work. An urgent
request from headquarters in France
for pajamas and slings with the strings
necessitated the workers getting these
articles made which they will ship out
today.
as
The many friends of Mrs. Harry
Willard will be very glad to hear that
she is recovering rapidly after a se
vere operation last Monday. Drs.
Shine, Hunt and Bridge performed the
operation.
'
Mrs. George L. Fouey of Wood Can
yen sent in the following recipe to the
Revfew on war bread and ginger
snaps:
White Bread Take 3 or 4 medium
sized potatoes' (old or new) and cook
dene; drain and mash; add one-quarter
cup of sugar and one yeast foam
cake previously soaked in one-half
cup of water. Let this rise over night
and make your sponge. In the morn-
inE no'l one quart of dry rice in water
""til done and as dry as can be cooked
without burning; let rice cool 'till luke
warm, add salt to suit taste, shorten-
"'' ar-d above sponge. Stiffen ail with
wuite rionr, let rise once, make In
loaves, rise again and bake. Make
stiffer and bake little longer than
white bread. Rolled oats can be used
instead of rice.
Real war ginger snaps One cup of
sugar (either light or dark) one cup
of cooking molasses, one cup of srow
drift, one teaspoonful of salt, one un
beaten egg, one tablespoon of ginger;
beat all together and then pour three
cups of boiling water in which a level
tablespoonful of soda has been dis
solved, stiffen with barley flour, roll
then cut and bake in quick oven. Be
sure water used is boiling.
to Women
ack which give the popular long
lines. The pkirt is made very plain
except, for the large pockets at each
side. Appropriate to be worn under
a Russian blouse.
The right frock on a warm day give
a cool feeling. So caught in a spiders
web Is the young girl who wears a
frock of plaid silk with a bag to match
her hat. The short gay little bolero
is very pretty -ever the white sleeve
less blouse, and its large frilled collar
is becoming and attractive. The bole
ro has a deeply cuffed sleeve which
is made with one seam. The tucks on
the. straight skirt make an effective
trimming.
Bathing Suits
These like everything else have de
cidtd to keep pace with the rapid
strides of fashion and use sashes, em
broiderey and other odd color combi
nations. Some of them have been de
signed by the great houses of Paris,
and are noted for their daring origin
ality. One that begins sof-.ly with dull
battleship grey taffeta, soon develops
little orange bunds about the neck and
sleeves and has its edges stitched in
grey. The crushed belt and the rob
ber tarn o'shanter are both orange,
but the bloomers are deep lilac and
finished with three narrow ruffles.
It is very hard to come out of the
surf and look really fetching, so an
attractive bathing costume adds much
to the charm of the beach devotees.
A slip-on suit lined of black satin
lined with white, has a surplice body
and a short skirt that crosses at the
front and ties with a sash. As soon
as the water is reached this suit dis
plays its charm by slipping it off and
appearing in a suit of navy blue and
white striped wool jersey, ready for a
plunge.
A design that seems lovely enough
for the opera is a wrap of wool jersey
lined with waterproof satin.
Chinese blue Is combined with a
deeper French blue, and the panels
are outlined with wool stitching In the
two shades, with a design in silk braid
and wool. This wrap is a luxury and
not many are able to afford a sea wrap
The pleasure of a smart appearance
on the sands and the fun of good hard
swimming are accentuated by a prac
tical slip-on bathing suit of brown taf
feta with a double belt and narrow
bands or tan. It tastens at th front
with buttons at either side.
The true swimmer knows that she is
well equipped for her sport in a pl.un
one piece suit of wool jersey, usually
worn over a separate diving still. Pro
tect your feet with flat satin slippers
and don a tight fitting rubber cap
covered with a soft silk handkerchief.
CARE OF 'HE SKIN
(Lee Brown)
A certain amount cf tan and free
kle3 looks very fetching in mid-summer,
hut when the fall conies and the
clear tan turns to a sallow coloring
before it wears off then the regrets
that are heard are many. Some peo
ple never become tanned and are very
careful to avoid any rays of the hot
sun. With parasols raised and gloves
cn the warmest day they must stroll
forth or remain indoors until the twi
light comes but what a lot of fun they
miss. The tan comes off very easily
if buttermilk Is used plentifully every
nicht before going to bed. wash the
face well, rub the buttermilk into the
pores and leave it to dry on the skin
if it doesn't become too unpleasant.
This done repeatedly will soon remove
the ugly brown. Lemon juice is also
recommended to have the desired ef
fect. For the skin that has been burned
by the sun or wind and smarts a good
cold cream is about the best thing pos
sible. Never let a greasy cream stay
over night on the skin as it is con
ducive to the growth of hair and noth
ing so detracts from the beauty of a
woman as superfluous hair about the
face. One possessed with a skin that
burns easily is constantly in trouble
especially in this windy country. But
constant applications of a cold cream
that has been proven worth while will
relieve the sensitiveness in a measure.
A pure white Rkin is very much to
be envied but a clear warm olive holds
its own in the world of beauty. There
is no reason whv most every woman
who lias good health cannot .have a
fairly passable complexion. It takes
time, though. Rome was not built in
a day. neither was the complexion of
Lina Caveleria. Years of constant at
tention and treatment each night be
fore retiring have had their effects in
making her a standard to which all
thinking women aspire. One owes it
to themselves to take the best care
possible of every gift with which they
have been endowed. And as the im
mortal Shakespeare said: "If you
havn't a virtue assume it." That ap
plies to making a good appearance as
well as to goodness of character.
Y. W. C. A. Notes
It was with deepest regret that the
people in the district learned of the
death of Dr. James Douglas. The loss
of this great man who has accomplish
ed so much toward the betterment of
our community will be deeply felt by
his numerous friends as well as by
those who have been the recipient o
his many kindnesses.
Dr. Douglas has been a most gener
ous and interested contributor to our
christian asscciatiens, thus making it
possible for us to carry on the work so
necessary in the district. The mem
bers of the Y. W. C. A. will miss him
greatly and fee! that they have lost a
true and loyal friend from their midst.
The high school Y girls who have
been enjoying the girls camp at Mil-
!Irs Canyon this past week came home
Thursday. This ends the six weeks
outing for the girls clubs. During thi3
time about sixty girls with their chap
erc:is and teachers have taken advan
tage cf this splendid opportunity af
forded them for ft week in the woods.
All report a very delightful time with
various experiences usual to camp life
Miss Edith Lowe is enjoying her va
cation week with friends at Cave
Creek in the Chiricahua mountains.
Miss Harriet Bartlet is spending
the week end in Douglas with friends.
Judge A. E. Lockwood of Tombstone
will talk to the ladies or the district
at 4 p. m. July 11th at the Y. It is
hoped that many will avail themselves
of this opportunity of bearing Judge
Lockwood as he will touch upon mat
ters of great interest to all.
The sleeping porch dormitories, al
though not completed, are to be used
for the accommodation of the girls
arriving in Bisbee this week for the
summer school work.
The house girls at the Y entertained
their friends last Monday evening in
honor cf Mr. Robert Wells Angus. Mr.
Angus expects to leave shortly to en
ter some branch of the service.
The social and membership com
mittees are arranging for a social af
ternoon fcr the members of the asso
ciation and their friends from 3 to 5
July 11th. A cordial invitation is ex
tended to all of the ladies in the dis-
PAY YOUR R. R. FARE TO
By having Your Wcrk Done at
$4.00
Bridge
Work
PAINLESS DENTISTS
Cor. Third and Main Sts.
( Over Dickinson's Drug Store)
CUT RATE DENTISTS
Note Prices Best Wcrk
22k Geld Crowns $4.00 Double Suction
Bridge Work . $4.00 PLATES THAT FIT
Gold Fillings . $1.50 $5.00
Silver Fillings $1.00 Examination Free
DR. BEEM 308 S. Main St., L. Cal.
1 0 discount by Bringing this Ad
trict. These committees are very
active trying to further plans for the
community and it is hoped that many
others will become interested ami !
join them in their efforts. J
A group of Y. W. C. A. girls with
Miss J tun Boyd as chairman ably as- j
sisiea rue neu v nws ruinmiuff in
serving refreshments at the Warren
park danre Saturday night.
The Churches
FIRST BAPTIST
Sunday School !:-45 a. in. We have
a class for you. Morning ervice n O'l
Theme: "Working in Gcd's Yine-
yara. ,
Divine services will lie Held in the
City Park at 5:00 p. m. Junior and
Senior B. Y. P. P. t;:4.r p. m.
The churches of P.ipbee will join in
a union meeting nt the Presbyterian
church at 7:4" p. m. Prayer meeting
Wednesday 7:45 p. m.
The public is invited to attend these
services.
The "Excelsior Class." a newly or
ganized Bible class for young men,
will hold their first monthly business
mreting Tuesday evening. July 2nd.
at 8:00 p. m. All members and friends
of the class are requested to be pres
ent. (METHODIST EPISCOPAL
Sunday School 9:45 a. in. Regular
services at 11:00 a. m. Preaching by
! Mr. Housel of Douglas. Kpwort'i
League C:20 p. m. For the eve.ning
service we will join the other churches
in. a union patriotic service at the
Presbyterian church.
C. W. HARSHMAX. Tastor.
ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL
Sunday School 9:45 a. m. Morning
prayer end patriotic address 11:00 a.
m. Wednesday, choir practice 7:00
p. m.
JACOP M. WIIITK. Rector.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Christian Science Society of Bisbee
arc hold in Warren every Sunday in
the old Warren Company building cor
ner Arizona and Tener Avenues. The
meeting today will be held at 8:00 p.
m. Subject: "Christian Science." All
are most welcome. '
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE SOCIETY
Christian Science Sosiety of Bisbee
holds services every Sunday morning
at 11:13 o'clock in the Woman's Club
building cn Quality Hill. Wednesday
evening testimony meetings at 7:45.
The public is welcome aid invited
to attend. Subject for Sunday, June
30th, "Christian Science."
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
Sunday School 9:45 a. m. Morning
worship, 11:00 a. m. Sermon topic:
"The Sword of America."
Union patriotic service Order of
service:
Organ Prelude and Doxclogy.
Invocation Rev. Jaccb M. White
"Speed Our Republic" Choir
Scripture Lesson ; Rev. A. J. Irwin
"Battle Hymn of the Republic"
Congregation
Prayer Rev. C. H. CompTon
Solo, "God Be With Our Boys To
night," by Sanderson, Miss Helen
Treu.
Offertory ;
Anthem, "The Earth is Full of Thy
Riches," by Simpson Choir
Sermon. Chaplain C. E. Willett, 302nd
Cavalry.
"America" Congregation
Benediction.
Mr. M. L. Butler ...Choir Director
Mrs. Albia F. Davey Pianist
Mr. F. R. Reynolds Organist
IS A MERRY WIDOW
"Soon after my husband's death ft
years ago I was taken with typhoid
fever. Since then have Buffered from
stomach and liver trouble and ct-ntni-pation.
I have doctored a great deal
without benefit. Since taking Mayr's
Wonderful Remedy three months ago
my bowels have moved regularly and
I am feeling well again. I am now
a happy woman." It is a simple, harm
less preparation that removes the ca
tarrhal mucus from the intestinal tract
and allays the inflammations which
causes practically all stomach, liver
"and intestinal ailments, including ap
pendicitis. One dose will convince or
money refunded.
For sale by Bisbee Drug Co., Lowell
Drug Co.. in Lowell, and druggists ev
erywhere. Practically the entire face of the
south drift from the Baiter tunnel
at the Verdo Squaw, in Jerome dis
trict, is now in black sulphide ore.
There is only an occasional narrow
streak of waste and often what is
taken for waste is found upon close
examination to bo ore.
a SQ Aft'FE FQ
LXJD ( HVJ LLi-vJ
$4.00
Bridge
Work
FIFTEEN YEABS
Two Bottles cf Tanlac Did ,
More Good Tlian Treat- !
ment That Cost j
H".m $300 I
Remarkable, indeed, was the state
ment made by Arthur Albi-o, a well
known carpenter, living at Mead
street, Seattle. Wash., recently. Mr.
Alb"0 declares that he has received
r.ioro real genuine benefit from two
bottles of Tanlac than frfm other
treatment and medicines that have
cost him nearly thro hundred dollar's.
His complete statement follows:
"I have suffered terribly with r:y
stomach for fifteen years. My food
would not digest, arj the gas formed
by it caused me untold misery. The
gas would get all up around my hear,
and cause it to thump until I felt 111;"
a hanvner was beating tigninU my
:'.:do. I hr.d to be very careful nbo'tt
my eating, and got so tiled of eating
the few things that half way agreed
with me that I would sometimes get
reckless and eat meats, pie and such
thirty, but I always paid dearly for
it in suffering. Finally 1 just bad to
give up eating any supper at all. for
when I did eat anything for supper -I
v.-ouid suffer all night so I couldn't
sleep. I was constipated all the time
rnd also suffered for years w'fi :,iy
back. When I stooped over my hack
would cramp me so bad that I could
hardly straighten up. .My kidneys were
all out of order and disturbed me so
often at night that I couldn't grt any
rest scarcely. I paid out nearly three
hundred dollars for treatment, and
medicines of various kinds, but kept
getting worse. I even tried dieting
and almost starved myself out. cud
sometimes felt a litt'e relier. but ju-t
as I faid, whenever I ventured to. est
a fairly good meal it would knock me
completely out. I lost two solid months
from my work last winter and it had
begun to look like my condition was
hopeless.
"I had been keeping up with what
the papers published about Tanlac.
and wbile I bad my doubts about it
being as good as some E-'iid it wa. I
was in such a bad shape that I was
willing to try anything. So I bought a
bottle, and soon found that it was Just
the very thing I needed. I have hard
ly finished my second bottle vet. but
I have already been benefited so
much that I will never doubt anything
good I read or hear about Tanlitc from
now on. My appetite is fine and I
can eat most anything I want without
feeling the least bit uncomfortable aft
erwards. Why. just last ni;ht I ate
a hearty supper and topped it off vii:i
a big piece of mince pie something I
have not ventured to eat for years-
thea went to bed and slept all night
like a log. I'm not constipated my
kidneys don't bother me like they did,
and so I get good rest every eight, i
have gained ail of five pounus already
and ieel that I am still guiiiir.g, not
only in weight, but also in strength
and energy. I'm beginning to feel like
a new man and consider'myself IiKky
to be able to get such a medicine as
Tanlac." ' '
Tanlac is sold in Binbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co.,
in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in Bowie
by Bowie Drug Store, in San Simon by
J. B. Cooke, In Willcox by A. A. Nichol
son, in Lowell by Lowell Drug Co., in
Benson by C. F. Moss Pharmacy, and
in Gleeson by U. A. Taylor. Adv.
The Lend a Hand cKib, north of Tuc
son, realized over $:!0 for the Hed
Cross at an entertainment.
The Mesa Rifle clulf was called out
to search for a Yaciui Indian who is
supposed to have murdered a boy noar
Chandler.
sryi3ajBs,rjaf
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
lisbce
I
.iv. v -X . '
r.
t 4 jA"' Lt- ?,y, ; -if -ev i
!' f t yr.LT skn ;-.m eiwuj c'.d (
I iiiWcJ:: v.:.h 'J,! I
1 r. I J . i J I t 1. L L. (
St-t a' -ftctu iil:t -s i .inf.!) r
- C---.- !.c. :im- I.;.,.- Wn, . -hv'. f
2 . . . j - - j a
J ;-.,.. r'-:-r' ': TV j J
y McDonald's Mari- $
..-x'V nelln T-.i j:'
COLLINS &
RETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jid Eldg., Main Slreet
Phone 26 Box 1129
r
C E HOGAN
Office Eelow
COPPER Q'JEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
Office Eelcw
COFFER CLJZEN HOTEL
a k4 tkfi!g.As,
la
EISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse &. OSice Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
1mm 1 1 H 1 M
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
C;-.!l at our store and ask for
cvTTionstratiort, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
Hie i4 am cms
I'
! 4
I.- ' ' :'J 5
v
PROF. JERR1LL
b located at the
Lowell Iloid
Room
TV firatfst exponent el RinJa f!Mvmfhf
In America. ,-The man with wonderful clair
vorant power and the most conscientious ad
Ttrr of any in the profession. He bring yosi
face ta face wih facta. Now la yon appor
fnnity to corsult a true, gifted medium- Ks
positively tells yonr name, what ta beat ti9
yntt to do to be eticcessful in bsysiee. lorw
afTa:r. what changes to mike. Ha tells ywn
it the one yon love is trns or falsa ac4 how
to govern and control your enemies anal
frienHs in fact, how to be sneretafnl an
and all affairs of life. Mr. Jertiil has a wol
wide reputation and has the endorsement 4
the b'st people, tie sruarantees taaefaetM
fc Terr-thing is kept coBSdcntul,
THAT ANNOYING,
PERSISTENT COUGII
mar len'l to Chronic lunir troubl". or
meai tl tt the crironk- t.ao ttlrcaujr
Is reached. In IUu-r case, try
ECKMAX'S ALTERATIVE
This tonic on ttora-PT:irt'r
pVe th acknowledge! bnffUs of
c um treatment without disturblnr
torn acta. Contain no Alohoi X
cotio or Hab it-Fur xalaif Dru&
2 size, bow $159. $1 uzt, mw 83c
Prle InclU'le, war tax. AH drnrtstJL
Eckmari I jibnrMorv. PiilfuifiT,hia
INDEPENDENT
Contractor and Builder
Estimatss and Plans Furnished
Vm. McDOUGALL
OPPOSiTE LINCOLN SCHOOL
PHONE GREEN 728
HENNESSY
Uriertakm Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
GOLDEN HOTEL
J Every room with running wrj'.er
arid o'.uside windows.
Kates by the day, week or j
i ir.:ntl). . ;
Heater
S Wiii 1524 Hears J
I
hi !
'Ay '
!. i
r
r FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 30, 1918.
ROAD
CONDITIONS
ARE
REPORTED
Road to Hereford Being Im
proved; Central Highway
to be Used in Going to
Douglas
The past week has seen considerable
improvement in the road condition ot
Cochise county. The road sang has
been working on the Hereford road
near its junction with the Nato road
and have had the tractor and grader
at work. The road is soft at preseat
and needs a rain or two to put it in
good shape. The sang at work on the
Gleeson cutoff is doing good work and
will soon have that road in fair shape
until the heavy rains come.
The road to Tombstone is in pood
shape. The new part of the' road is
soft and will not be j;ood traveling
until a rain or two falls on it. It
can be used, lint is not pood as the
old road foni the old camp. The drags
and grader are at work on it. Auto
ists ure advised to take the old road
into Tombstone.
The' county engineer's office has a
force of men at work between hare
and Lowell getting ready to put in
the curbing and sidewalks prior to
the v. -rk to be done oy Warren Broth
ers in widening the present pavement.
It is expected that nbojt a month will
see the work complete.
The Douglas road is getting in very
bad shape and will need some small
repairs if travei continues .over it.
This may be avoided within the pres
ent week as the Board of Supervisors
are expected tjmorrow to take some
action in regard to the making ot
seme repairs on the road from Low
ell to the Central school house so
that the travel from here can go that
way and then take the Central High
way into Douclas. This will have to
be done on account of the work having
been started on the grading o: ;he
section of the road from Douglas to
ward Uisbee from Tombstone.
There is a mighty bad spot In the
road to Fairbank on this side of the
railroad bridge at Walnut Culch.
A road gang is working on the Dra
goon to Tombstone mad which is sail
to be in fine shape as far as they have
worked it. They are at the old Syca
more spring ranch working this way,
but have to repair some damage done
near the Four ranch.
The Tombstone Commercial club is
preparing to place some signs on the
Does It Pay
TO HAVE TIRES
RETREADED?
We say it will pay you and pay you well but we do
not ask you to take our word alone for it. Read what
these users of cur retreads say then come in and watch
us do it we actually build them on the same as they
do at the factories:
"I never believed in retreads before but I do
now. Your modern way of vulcanizing has
mace new tires for me at one-fourth the price
of a new one."
MR. PAT SMITH.
"The retreads you apply are certainly the
thing. I shall surety recommend them for they
represent the brst investment in money I have
ever spent, on tires. Your process is indeed
wonderful."
MR. ROBERT REDONDO.
Bring Those Old Tires
In TODAY
HYDE & STRACK
EXPERTS IN TIREOLOGY
JOHNSON ADDITION
Phone 859 Next to Borderland Garage Phone 859
ISPS'
Let an Expert Do It
Charging- is not an especially complicated
process, but it is an especially important one.
By proper charging, batteries are returned
to their proper condition; by improper charging,1
their life is likely to be seriously shortened.
When your battery is charged by a Willard
expert, the charging rate is carefully determined,
and is slowed down by just the right amount'
as the process nears completion.
Ask us about the Still Better Willard. It is
the only battery with the "Bone Dry" principle
that is your absolute assurance of g-tting a
battery as new as the day it left the factory.
LOHMAN j& WRIGHT
Central Theatre Building - - Lowell
9
r" wi j-yiiv B'i'nf v-riairv' J
Dragoon-Tombstone road and the new
Charleston road.
The steep hill out of Henson to Dra
goon is being "all cut up' by the
McKay crowd of workers. It needed
it just as the hill toward Tucson out
of Henson needs it, and as the hill
at Curtis Flats needs it. The best
of it is that they are ail stated to be
reduced to a reasonable grade very
shortly.
TOMBSTONE TAME
SAYS WHITE IN
PHOENIX
PAPER
VANCE
JOHNSON
ANNOUNCES
FOR
BOARD
mm
Scott White, formerly sheriff of Co
chise county, now receiver at the local
laud office, can tell many interesting
stories of his experiences as a sheriit
hi the days when Arizona was a chain
of mining camps connected by stage
coach lines, says the Arizona Repub
lican. A statement appearing iu "lil
Years Ago" recently, that Scott Vvhite,
sherilf of Tombstone, had bought a
bicycle, and now no guilty man could
escape, brought back vividly those by
gone days.
"Tombstone was as nice, quiet
camp as I have ever seen," says the
ex-sheriff, "and the only trouble we
ever had was with tho bands of out
laws. But we kept on until wc had
cleaned these gangs up. There was
Billy Stiles' gang lor Instance. Billy
used to be a deputy sheriff under
nte, but that was too tame for him.
Ho joined a band of outlaws and rob
bed a train and then took to the moun
tains. "We went out after him and caught
part of hi3 gang, and b.-ought them
back to Tombstone and put them in
jail. Afterwards we got Hilly himself,
and he told me while he was iu jail
about a little scheme he had fixed
i up. He said that he had pianncu to
brini; some men and come down to
my house in the night and call me but. j tne completion or the walk, which al
Vance M. Johnson, present chair
man of the Cochise county board of
supervisors, has announced his candi
dacy for the democratic nomination
for supervisor. His card of announce
ment appears in another column of
this issue of the Review.
Mr. Johnson comes before the peo
ple of the county entirely on his rec
ord, this being the first public office
he has held. He has been for manv
years in business here and is highly
thought of locally. The record is one
which should recommend hiin to the
voters of every part of the county tor,
while doing what he could for his
home city and district as a member
of the board, no part of the Cochise
county has been too small to receive
its due share of attention from him.
Were we to catalogue a list ot
'achievements of the board of super
visors during the time Mr. Johnson
has been in office, it would be well to
call attention to the fact that the work
r mentioned lies In every part of the
caunty, though the majority, of course,
is near the large centers of population,
Bisbee and Douglas. There have been
bridges, roads and other public works
built in many parts of the county. Air.
Johnson personally advocates the
building of still other county roads
connecting with the large cities of th.i
county.
One item of particular interest to
the Warren district, credit for which
is due in large measure to Mr. John
son, is the sidewalk now being laid
on Naco road to connect Bisbee with
the populous suburb of Lowell. Hun
dreds of people walk between the two
towns every day and congestion of
traffic in the street is complicated to
a great degree by pedestrians. This
situation will be relieved entirely with
Then, when I came to the door, ho was
! going to cover me with hi.s gun anl
i march me across the street to the jail
; and tell me to order the jailer to open
' the jail or they'd shoot me.
"When Billy told me that, I said,
'Well, Billy, it was a good scheme- all
right, and I'd have done It. Why didn't
I you come down and try it?'
" 'Well,' said Biiiy, "we would hav-;,
! only some of the gang got cold feet.'
i "Billy stiles afterwards got away
! from jail himself and went to Nevada
i and got to be deputy sheriff there. He
was finally shot and killed in a ganin-
ling game."
WESTERN-MADE
BATTERY MEETS
GREAT SUCCESS
ready has been started.
AMERICAN ACE'S HIGH
RECORD BEFORE BEING
TAKEN PRISONER BY HUN
(By Review Leased Wire)
FORT WAYNE, Ind., June 29.
Lieut. Paul Frank Baer, the Amer
ican "ace" now a prisoner of war
in Germany, had brought down
seventeen enemy planes and was
officially credited with nine before
he was forced down inside thet
German lines May 22 last, Major
Win. Tham, commanding the 103rd
aero squadron, said In a letter re
ceived here from him today.
A special contingent of thirty-six
registrants drafted for work in th3
snrnen forest of the northwest will
So rapid has been the expansion of, ieave Prescott June 30. Ten are froiu
the Verde district.
our business," said Mr. C. F. Moss, of
the Hehbs Storage Battery Company,
"that we have been forced to broaden
out and take on many new distributors
The Hobbs is a western made battery
and is therefore delivered to western
motorists in an absolutely fresh, un
deteriorated condition. As eastern de
liveries and shipments become more
and more uncertain, live, aggressive
dealers are taking over the agencies
tion. Our sales policy includes an un
usual guarantee, and we give our dis
tributors advertising cooperation and
other effective aid. Any dealer who is
interested can secure more informa
tion from cur Director of Agencies.
1231-35 South Olive Street, Los Angeles."
of western products. This applies tojcyNnipc RATTTRY
batteries more than to almost any 1 t. . , ,,.r
other product, as they must be deliv
ered fresh, without delays in shipment,
in order to give 100'f service. As
Arizona is at the very door of our Los
Ange'es factory it is cur intention to
secure live distributors for our batter
ies in all the principal cities and towns
of the state, and we are offering these
distributors a vqry attractive proposi-
As the touring season approaches,
the motorist who contemplates a trip
will do well to gather a large fund of
information, much of which will keep
him out of trouble and contribute to
the fun of Ms vacation.
In this connection it is interesting
to know that the electric system of
a car which has been us.;J lor city
driving, may need readjusting t-j meet
touring conditions. Thi3 U particular
ly true when you consider the ettect
of long drives on the storage buttery.
In city driving the starter may bo ustd
trequently. and the a-:itial running
time of the engine l'luy be compar
atively limited. In tounr. j tho condi
tions are practically reversed and to
meet them, certain adjustments can
be made on the generator which re
places the current in the battery. The
dealer who sold the car snout. I be (on
suited on this questi jii.
Unless adjusted to meet tne changed
conditions of touring, the geneiator
will force more electricity into the
battery than the battery is called upon
to furnish to the starter. As a result
the battery will be overhauled and
may be seriously damaged.
It is advisable for the touring mo
torist to feel of the battery ceil con
nectors once in a while. If they j-.eem
more than blood warm to the touch
it is sate to assume that the battery
is hotter than is good for it. A very
simple remedy for this difficulty, how
ever, is to burn all the lights whilo
driving, even in the daytime, for the
remainder of the day.
The best way to prevent such a i f
cessity, however, is to have your gen
erator adjusted to touring coniitio.is
before you start, on the principle 'hat
it is belter to prevent an overheated
condition than to cure it after it has
started.
In case of trouble with your eljctrlc
system while touring, it is aLways ad
visable to stop at a Willard Service
Station and have the battery exam
ined. There are more than 1100 of
these service stations over the country
and a list of them can he secure! on
application to Mr. Wright, this local
Willard representative at Lowell. j
e
TAR
Hand Made Tire
is guaranteed to give perfect satisfaction. It is a strictly
hand-made quality tire and we invite you to inspect
these casings when you are in the market for new tires.
Gates Half Sole Tires
are still selling at the old price. Save one-half of your
tire bill by buying Gates Tires before prices advance.
Gates Quality Tires
we consider the best on the market. If we charged you
$50 we could not deliver a better tube. Investigate
these wonder tubes.
Lowell Motor Co.
Opposite Central Theater
Lowell
n
A SERIES OF
LITTLE TALKS ABOUT
YOUR
f jpr -a?
NO. v
ONE I
OST FORDS last a remarkably
long time. They stand an amount
abuse that would put the aver
age high-priced car on the scrap heap in
a short time.
There's no reason in the world why
YOUR Ford shouldn't be good for years.
It's just a matter of reasonable care.
The purpose of this series of talks is
to help you in every way possible to get
the MOST out of your Ford in service and
comfort. The talks will appear in thia
paper from time to time.
It will Le worth your while to watch
for them and to read them regularly and
carefully.
Hood & Bledsoe
Phone 686 . Bisbee
From a ( opyricht" d Series All Hiuht-.; Reserved.
1
"The
inevitable
I I M I I UU I I I I I 1 I I I I I I
-zlrw ft
If
Xa5
fleas
B
nil, HiiMllArtTH ' l""'"" '""' "M"MM
r-.-. i ii a t 1 1 1 mnTiiTTr- '"'"rjMIJyJ"""
These black lines indicate the length of life of the ordinary storage
battery as compared with the life of the !Hobbs Storage Battery.
ecome a Distributor for
California's Popular
Storage Battery
The success of the Hobbs Storage Battery has been almost phenom
enal, and the rapid expansion of our business has made it necessary
for us to broaden out. There ij an exceptional opportunity in this
territory for a good live man to take over the distribution of the
Hobbs Battery.
Our distributors everywhere are showing BIG GAINS. Our propo
sition, with the assurance of large profits and an expensive, permanent
trade, is BIG enough and ATTRACTIVE enough to interest the most
ambitious man or firm. Our sales policy includes an, UNUSUAL
GUARANTEE, advertising cooperation, and other liberal policiej
which effectively aid our distributors.
Eastern deliveries and shipments are becoming more and more un
certain, therefore, live, aggressive distributors will appreciate the
advantage of securing a WESTERN-MADE BATTERY FOR IM
MEDIATE DELIVERY.
If you are interested, please write us promptly, as we shall close this
territory soon. Give full information regarding yourself.. Communi
cations treated confidentially. Address
DIRECTOR OF AGENCIES
Hobbs Storage Battery Company
1231-1235 South Olive Street Los Angeles, Calif.
ih. i.i
III Ii THE BISBLE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 30, 1918.
FIVE
i -
11
I.
"CUT OUT THE SOB STUFF, SIS" j
wjt y ijr . jr j
Soldier Boys Want Cheery, Breezy Letters j
? , v 5
HANG OUT THE
To every woman who has a soldier i a better soldier. I'ncle Sam called us,
boy: This article is printed with the land here we are. The fellow who has
ho". that you will read it and re-read I the next bed to mine in the company
It. It is full of good, wholesome truth barracks used to be a college profes
Write to your soldier boy the jolliestfsor at some college or other, and the
letter you can. It's part of your bit. other evening I found him happy a -
Dear Sis: I want to be frank with
you and say, cut out the sob stuff in
your letters. And look here, honey,
tell mother the same, when you get a
chance. 1 know you mean it all right,
you love me. and all that. Believe me,
I aDoreciate what home and love
mean, more now than ever before.
But I hate to think of you and mother
working yourselves up into a state ov
er me, what I have to go through, and
so on, churning yourselves into hys
terics and telling me mother "has the
saddest face you ever saw."
Cut H out, honey. Be a woman, not
a child.
Do this: If you haven't bought a
service flag go and get ont you know
tlie little red flag with the white cen
ter and a blue star in it, showing that
the house has sent one fellow to do
his bit And every time you see that
flag, don't hang your head and look
sorry, but throw up your chin rnd
excuse me, sis! stiffen ycur spine'.
It makes me feel like a bluefisli to
get those tearful letters; lots of the
other boysget them, too, and they feel
as I do when they read them. We
haven't got any time for feeling glum;
we're learning a new job, and we're
hard at work.
You don't know how it makes us
feel mad clear through when we think
of all the women folks at home writ
ing those tear-stained letters to the
fellows. Why don't you back us up
send us the kind of stuff that puts
'pep and strength into a man? When
mother broka down and wept all over
me that day I left home. I felt like
lumping off the trestle. Good night!
I know it isn't easy. It isn't always
easy for me. But we have all just got
to play the game.
Let me tell you just what these
blue-funk letters do: Six hundred of
the boys in my regiment left here last
night to go south for intensive tram
ing. They were the bluest crowd you
ever saw. Why? Because they were
that much nearer the trenches? Don't
you believe it! They're full cf fight,
and they're going after the job Ilk'
wild cats. But they felt low because
they had been getting that kind of
letters from home the sob stuff anu
because they can't make the folks back
home see that it's all right, thai
they're healthy, and happy and strong
If they had only been getting the right
kind of cheer-up stuff from heme, how
differently they would feel! Every'
time a woman sits down and writes a
sad. weepv letter to a soldier, she
gives him several hours of blue funk.
And if you write that way now, what
will you and mother spring on me
when I really get "over there?"
New, I want you and mother, ami
everyone else I love, to know the truth
Of course this soldiering is not a pic
nic. But honest, it's the finest life I
ever dreamed of; it's clean and hard
and full of spunk. Our officers an
dandy fellows I tell you we're proud
of them. One of them's a millionaire.
the son of old B you've read
about in the papers; and you ought to
see that fellow work. He does the
foot inspection in our company; not a
pleasant job, when the men come back
from a long hike. The fellows who
don't take care of their feet get blue
blazes, too. All our officers are col
lege men. You know I used to say
that those fellows were soft; I take it
back.
Of course' when I came down here
with the second draft I was a hit blue
at first, a little sorry for myself. Now
that I've been here a month I wouldn't
quit if 1 could. They've made me" act
ing corporal, anu 11 1 can such ii tiuij
means a raise in pay. About the timet
you folks are sitting down to coffee'
and fried eggs, we're going through
our setting up. a battalion at a time,
crunching over thq snow. I tell you
that makes a fellow feel fine. And
getting up at 6 o'clock is all to the
good when you are used to it.
You and mother are terribly exer
cised about the food. Why, it's bully'
Iast night, for instance, we had rocoa.
Welsh rarebit, corn bread and cottage
pudding, with some kind cf sweet
sauce all we could rat. Our company I
chef used to be cook in
a big ho'ei !
Nothing wrong with the grub, except
in your imagination. The same is true
about mother s worry as to whether
I am warm and all that. Why, of
course I am. For the love of Mike,
where do you think we are? Our bar
racks are well heated, we've got plcn-
ty of blankets, hot and coid shower !,nw 1,1 toe bands of the federal mfdl
baths, and a fine bunch of fellows In j " r to s Uie. removes all doubt and
the company. uncertainty from the entire (amp. It
Another thing I don't think you know , 'a been also determined that if any
much about is the Y. M. C. A.; that's ; change is made in the present wafie
where I'm writing now. All this note j scale, it will take effect as of the date
paper with the stars and stripes on it June 1.
and the little red triangle .is given Tho rcmes filed by the miner? is
away by the "Y' M.," as we call It. fl;r horizontal ;,dvnuce of f,i) ce-i's
They hare these big buildings all ovrr lr (':i' lor all mile- and mil! workers,
the camp nine or ten of them with! An otler "f la cent; was made by the
a fine open fireplace, plenty of books j employers.
and magazines, note paper nd envoi- Mr. Da vies returned to Phoenix
ones given awav free, music, movies
and boxing or some sii'-h stunt going
on every night. One wing of the boil 1
ing is used for an entertainment or
meeting every evening; the other
wing is kept (juiet for the fellows who
want to read or write or play games.
We have no end of good times here
in fart, my evenings are luiier of fun
than when 1 was on the job and at
home.
Then the fellows bore? You ask are
they "nice?" Of course we have all
kinds of human beings here ditch dir
gers and bank clerks and professors
ami millionaires-. Tlmt's w;;.o tin"
one such a satisfying feeling about it;
we're all here together, no one hotter
off than anyone else except in being
t V
SERVICE FLAG j
King uecause ne naa iouna a uouk
called "History of Philosophy," cn the
Y. M. C. A. shelves. He was lest to
the world reading that stuff while ev
ery kind of rumpus was going on
around him, men singing, talking ma
chines plaing, one of the Y. M. C. A.
men uncrating a big box of athletic
equipment, and so on. Some high
brow! Then we have a fellow in our com
pany who used to be foreman of a
gang cf pickpockets; also we have an
actor, a ministetr, a bootblack, a bar
ber, a circus clown every kind of
trade, relieve me. sis. it's a real edu
cation to be jumbled in with a rabble
like that.
The spirit of the men Is sreat. The
first few days we were all a hit mo;,
sat around and wrote letters all the
time we were off duty but the Y. M.
C. A. fellows got us started singing
and that made a heap of difference.
You can't shout "Over There" and
"Where Do We Go From Here. Beys"
at the top of your lungs with 900 oth
ers doing it with you, and still feel
grouchy.
This is one fine, healthy, spirited life
and we all have the satisfaction . of
knowing we're doing our bit. You
folks at home?.l hshrdlu cmfwypluu
folks don't need to feel sorry for me;
ycu had better be envious. And I hope
you will pass on the good word to any
one else who's likely to be in this big
draft we hear' about.
And I am going to study French; in
fact, just as I get to this point of my
letter the Y. M. C. A. man came over
to tell me that the French class I
signed up for is going to have its first
session tonight, so I'll have to quit.
Eelieve me, there isn't anything those
Y. M. C. A. fellows don't start French
classes. Bible classes, Knglisli classes
there's a lot of men here don't know
any English. 1 heard one big Pole
asking for chickens, when he meant
checkers.
Her.ey, we keys are in to do a big
job. We all know what we're up
against, and we're ready to give all
we have to prevent such tilings as the
nassrtere of Belgium from ever '.ap
pening. Some of the French officers
here to teach us bayonet fighting have
told us just what happened ovr there
at the beginning of the war. I tell
you it made us pretty keen to do our
part. And we need all the encourage
ment we can get, all the good news
from heme. But what we don't ne ed
is the sob stuff that makes a man feel
blue. There's no room for that in a
soldier's kit. So get a mcve on, sis,
and mother too to the mental stte
of yours. Change it. Readjust it. It's
only you folks hack home that are sad
;ind worrying; we are not. And you
must turn about. It's your bit!
My dear love to j11, sis. I'll look
forward to that net letter, because
I know it'll be the kind I want. Tell
this to all the folks who have loys nt
camp: If every mother and wife and
sister will write us the kind or letters
they should write, this'll be a 50 per
cent better arm v.
Now for that lesson in "parlev-voo!"
Best .love from
JIM.
OATMAN TROUBLES
TO BE MEDIATED
OATMAN. Ariz., June 20 The wage
scale question was practically setfleo
during the week when both the miners
and the employers agreed with Feder
al -Mediator Ilymel Davu-s to place
the matter in his hands for decision
Though the federal mediator lias no
legal riuht or authority to act as final
arbitrator, he suggested that Inasmuch
a.s he had Ik-op. ailed into the case, it
would lx: advisable to accent his do
j cision as final.
Itus was decided upon bv Jill the
forties involved, or at least nil (!'-
mo't Important cr.es. .' conlinglv i
both sides will .submit brief statin
their arguments for and againM the
proposed increase in pay. Mr. Davie
stated that he would render his decis
ion not later than Jul 1.
The fact that the controversy is
is onsiucnrig uie la'-ts in
tho ease as stinmitted to him. He )-!
g lira ti'-al toinirg men as vn-li as a
grridua't' mining m.inecr, having be-i "
born in Coni'mll. Fngltnd.
Tom Reed Report
Tne atinustl rep-:rt of the Tom Ite'd
flobl Mines Co. inst issued shows
that a net profit i.f oniy Jio.odi. wasj
realized from the ('unpanv's operation I
lor the y.-ar eliding April J. 1!.;.S. Total
net assets are given as t2.:,.i,.2!(5. I Mir- I
ing the year :,b.,iit .S.o.'MI tons of r-. j
was trealed having a Iota! value of1
?'--.'.'''. i. or J7..-.0 per Ion. Total cost
e.r i-iei ,; K.i -uk .,.V per ma. .,11 ;
e.eer')onfill love Figure in view tt i
plesent. r-Miiditious.
t-'upt. Piieip.- estimates the tonnage
jr .
of ore proven in the Gray Eagle at
S.Oi'O with possibilities of as much
more. In the I. aid Eagle he estimates
52,000 tons, which samples $35 per ton.
He recommends exDloration and de
velopment work in three different j
areas, une oi mese is aicng uie course
of the Bald Eagle vein, east of the
Black Eagle end line. A second sphere
of activity is recommended along the
same vein, west of the Gray Eagle
workings, on the Rising Star claim,
between the Gray Eagle and the old
Ben Harrison ore body. The third
zone of exploration is on the lower
levels cf the Tom Reed and Ben Har
lisou claims, where some good ore has
been found at the MOO foot level, but
exploration discontinued over a year
ago.
No definite promise is made as to
the prchable date of resuming divi
dends, though a very optimistic tone
pervades the entire report.
Gold Roac-
The new Gold Road crushing plant
is practically complete and on July 1
it is expected that the company will
commence the work of overhauling
the cyanide plant preparatory to com
mencing operations as scon as possi
ble thereafter. The Gold Ore Mining
Co. will continue to use the stamp
mill for the reduction of its ore, the
pulp being then turned over to the
Cold Read Mine Co. under a mutually
satisfactory agreement.
Gold Ore
President Werden is highly pieused
with the recent sampling of the new
ore brdy disclosed by the stope above
the 500 foot level. This is five feet
wide and .Mr. Werden announces that
assay returns show average values of
$2S per ton. Some of this ore is now
go;ng through the mill resulting in
raising the daily mill heads to around
CI- per ton. This average will be still
further increased, as more of the high
er grade ore goes into the mill.
Shaft sinking is being carried for
ward rapidly at the Red Lion, the
Record Lode and the Alcyone. At the
Mcssback the shaft is being timbered
down to the 330 foot level, where sink
ing will be undertaken as soon as pos
sible.
STARTLING FIGURES .
ON MlflE COSTS DUE
TO HIGHER SUPPLIES
The United States Bureau of Mine3
report issued as cf April shows the
following advance in some of the costs
for gold properties and which the lat
ter are obliged to meet out of returns
for their product which are no kigher
than iu pre-war times:
Labor 20'.'
Steel 40'i
Explosives 757
Lumber 1254
Machinery To'f
to 2S0',
Miscellaneous 10' t'
These figures r present a
to 200 '.
tieri!
pe
average over gold properties on tie
American continent. Arizona figures
average higher in respect to labor and
machinery. Increased treight rates
now in effect will add stil! further and
very materially. It will be noted that
".cid:; arc ::ot included in- the list.
These are an important item of plant
consumption and the increases range
far higher than the 200 per cent allot-
ed the miscellaneous column. Excen
labor, the increased costs falling upon
the gold mines are duplicated with)
respect to copper properties. In the j
itMii of labor, however, the copper I
properties are carrying far higher in
creases. Increase of 42' is a conser
vative figure as applying to the larger
producers over the last two years.
This does not apply to all of the prop
erties, however. Shannon Copper
Company's annual report, for instance
shows that Its increased costs includ
ed: Wages 120',; higher than in 1914.
Fuel cil Advanced from 37'4 tents
per barrel in 1916 to $1.25 in 1'JlS.
tokt Advanced from $3.75 in 1914
to $3.60.
Lumber advance, $10 per thousand
feet.
While Shannon is not one of the
.rf,.o, i h , 1 ,., I
put" of around a million pounds thp j
mnn.h n w tn ,ho ,.i,c u-i,i,l, I
through carload lot purchases cf all
supplies obtains as low rates as the
largest operators. The figures tell
their own story r.f what has happened
to cose division of the big mines.
DOCTORS
Ff Tfl f s I !B
$'5! LlJ B S3 lliTili
ittiiilbW iSSoVil
Tint h-j
77 P" 1 i t
s' irnulSul S
Vex-tiMc Compound P.
th
13 :"::r.;
Wore --1 . I " " .
fiiinham's Vegetal!
i e - , . : i ; . . vc
'. ; ! ;' j i ' ' 1 ' V7:iici u.-e? ;
i I -''I' no in bfo." two,
I i: ' I I ,J : I M i.-o nt-,, i-. 1 I !
' xF'""''i tri'H many ! ;ctr-
, ' W V without '-.:rf:'.onU
ii -l h-JSii 1 Was ritJIv cl.s-.ur-
X F fr 4 apeti. I.:y r.'.oi'.vr ; itisbee Y
yJ "i'pi cr-'.-d mo ; tteidred mar
-4 E. n::l:h-.:i'3 fr the -
ef:
pound as it hf
he!p-:.-h-r"--frh. I I
til 1 so -.r. : : -a
re-ari; :'
betU'r. I ''
tiiV'tritr-''!
i - ,i ... i
.-n now
s ' v. i .i r.ru t ' rt.r i
tlirt 1 cm do -II m , ;
hotnevvork, oven my wc.-hi:i
a littio baby v.ho is os h
cou'd .-al; ih.i;k3 t- jvt.i
l on'.oiutul." ..Irs. 1 !!.
liov.dt ::i St., Worcester
Y.'c.r.en who suffer f
o.i L lv V.)
n-, Ii
Ttrc.
!-!:
-1-
ul.r: ;r.. bi.ck.i !i-. h-.-.y
n i shctt'd lore r.n .
l-
t !nr faTic-us rofit Rti.l Jr-ri r-n-eily,
L'. J'inkuam's csclablo Com
pound, a trial.
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
With this issue cf the "News Letter"
the editor in chief presents his resig
nation and bids adieu to the hundreds
of readers of these notes, and the more
than eighteen hundred members of the
Young Men's Sliristian Association in
the Warren District. It is with a fuel
ing of keen regret that Secretary
Richardson severs his cennection with
the Bisbee Association, but circum
stances were such that there was no
other alternative. Suffering with a
high blood pressure, his physician ad
vised a lower altitude, so he accepted
a 'position at Nashville. Tennessee
with the Dupcnt Powder Company, as
executive secretary for a group of as
sociations, and with his wife and two
, , ......... ritv
sons leu lasi even... ui a..H3 v y...
and St. Louis tor the future home. The
best wishes of the membership go with
the secretary in bis new field.
Manager G. H. Dowell of the Copper
Queen left t riday for San Antonio,
where he went at the request of Dr
jonn It. .vicu. neau i-i n.r .-.u. n.
erican Y. M. C. A. movement to attend
a Broup conference, looking ow"rdil.e 'payment of their subscriptions'
tne coming campaign ;or o...-
million dollars icr the association war
work. Mr. Dowell w.ll represent the
V. M. C. A. ot the Warren Distrut at
the gathering.
Lewis LeCnyer is the latest "old
timer" to make his exit For a couple-
of years. LeCuyer was cmp!cy?d in
tl'0 furniture department at the Phelps
Dodge stcre, and was very prominent
in the social department organization
of the Association. Ho has accepted
a position lu the ofi'ire staff of the
Guggenheim mining interests at Christ
mas, Arizona. His many friends of
the association wish him abundant
success in his new position.
i sioner of Education. The army and
One hundred sixty-four member-! navy do not want, and can not use,
ships expire during Juh most cf'.toys under eighteen y-ars of age. nor
whem have either left the camp or en
listed for I'ncle Sammie.
A letter ha3 been received from Al
Crittenden, who left here some time
ago, entering the Y. M. C. A. war work
He states that he is ery busy at al!
times, and that he is now stationed at
N'ogales, Arizona.
C. S. Thompson, miinager of the Bi-
hee Improvement Company and direc
tor of the association, has been confined-
tc his home for a number of
das due to illness. The members are
hopeful for his early recovery.
The record for the past twelve
men'.'T, in the bath department was
cvrr . sain the 1 noys
r. t ro not a clean duik h : vn
towels even are furnished free.
A letter haj beca received from our
nU imA C.r.lv" n-.inb..- l,rv lu A1-
fill iiiiuu vuii. u""na " ii,, .
in San Francisco.
He says he has tak-
en cut a membership in the
l mere
so as to be reminded of his old home
in Bisbee. He has svnt-a copy of the
kaiser's last will and testament, which
I ? hd f,-v n? ' lJ' mcmber3
Ask the "man at the desk."
Word has just been received' from
i the Southwestern District War Work
Council office urging the recruiting of
more men for the Army Y. M. C. A.
work. Any men who might be inter
ested should call at the business office
of the local association at once.
Industrial Secretary Buck reports
that his wife, who is in a hospital on
the coast, is improving.
Mr. D. A. Modill, a recent arrival in
Bisbee, has been a member of the Y.
M. C. A. for many years. He fir.-.!
had a membership in Chicago in 1SD8.
and at the present time holds a mem-
I 1 l . : .1 m l.-..... . J ,..11 1." .-
.' r . V . V- ,
land, where the first . M. C. A. was
organized in 1S44 Mr. Modill was one i
Pioneers of the first . M. C. A.
organized in Manila, P. I., and donated
toward the construction of the first '
i building there in 1 1) 1 . While in Man-i
I ila, Mr. Modill had a two year con-i
(tract with the Bed Cross to furnish'
them with bread. He expects to take !
a membership in the io al "Y" at an!
! early date. ,
ft. J. Hesse, one of the. "Y" mem
,"'r' !Ht ,:,st' t!"iui',-v "ici'i f,ir i-s
Allg'l's. where he c:: peels to enter
some of cur fighting forces. Hep-e
fi is to fly and hjs second elr-iee is the t'
inav. i.i wiiaievi'r fiepariment ne mav
! enter, the "Y" members w ish him v.-!l.
I - :
Secretary Richardson is still in nee !
Ol" a number of men for his new field
i at Nashville, and would be glad to con- ,
shier replicants of tlnVse he known. He !
has made arrangements with several j
P.isbee recruits, but is still far short ,
'of his reipiired quota lor the big iniini-!
tiou plant. i
W. S S for sale al the businc.- r!
fice t'ricn 1 111 ti 1 1 n 1-1 eci rv tl i
s.i r.f-1
;and Sunday, too.
Coin:
'over the lop" Who? the
now c-er the eighteen hun
k. and still going. Look out
0o0 mark.
Henry Perkins, miner, geiitlemati
and a real nun's man. will be the nev!
i recruit for the Army Y. M. C. A . and
I has already leeejved a wire r"NUest in;;
im to report in New York, for over
seas service ready to sail on the Mil
of July. Link to yon, old man, you
have a mighty job before you. .
liny llolcomb, one of our legipar
member.-; anil an all around good fel
low, leti ; Thursday evening for the
' coast where he goes in tho employ of
tlie C. S in the ship yards.
A. miii.-. one ol cn im lob. i -vino
lias Ii, cn vvuh the liinii ol liis '
bee lor Ihe past vear. left last Thins
day lor Detisoii, Arizona, where he
I goes as Assistant Cashier of the to-.
chise County State Bank. We all wish
him all kinds tf good success in his
new position.
In lienor and due rcspett to Dr.
James Douglas, memorial sen ices will
be held this afternoon at 4:::i) o'clock
An invitation is extended to the pul.lP-.
Special classes in swimming are be
ing conducted tl'.ri e tinws a week by
Taylor McLean o-i Monday, Wednes
day and Friday at S: !5 p in. This is
an opportunity iii tin) mail. !uul"
or old. to learn the various strokes.
The ability to sw im is not only a pleas
ure, but on many occasions proves
, fu, Do u now
r -
Boy's Department
I nil. rj cunt nut l'lut We.-lnn;
day to all boys who have not complet
ed their payments cn their suls rip-
tions to th.? Y. M. C. A. war fund. H
P. Demand, Interstate I'.oys' Secretary
r,s tha, prtt.ti,.alIv cvt,rv
.;,.,., ,. .,
town in
nearly so,
,hc ,l0vs war fuIul. I;isi,00 i(i lar be.
h,, Lf.t ev(,r.. fc take ncl(j amJ
suhsenption at ence.
h;il;in;e can ,,e p.lj(1 to uslor (,lr
;rfl, treasurer, at the Citizens Bank &
Tr-.i-t Company.
.
Tiio fi.ll jwMig arti le is ta':en from
the ure.ui of Lducation of the Depart
, meet i: tin. Interior and sicneil bv
'Vewum D. Baker. Secretary of War;
Jost phus Daniels. Secretary of t!.e 1
Navy; David IT. Houston. Secretary of
Agriculture; WillLun !'. Wilson, Sec
retary of Lubcr; John A. Mcl'.'ienney,
Chairman C S. ( ivil S?rvioe Commis
sion; Franklin K. Lane, Secretary oT
the Intern r: P. P. Claxton. Ccmmis-
hoys ncr men of i.ny age who are not
strong and veil developed physically.)
So far as the army and navy are con- cay ?n-j i . saay ntgtus.
corned, there is nothing more import-i '
ar.t th.it the school can do than 'ojWM. HART IN DIG
keep going at full capacity, and at the! ' PLAY OF PATRIOTISM
samp rini In tm nh Mt'n in rvarv nnc. I
sible way their work in physical edu-
;ation. Higr; ac o.-! boys '.Mil render
the beut service of which they are
capable '" remaining in school until
coni;ilot'on of tho high school course.
As soon as the army is ahie to an-
I uom.ro definitely its need of men pos
se ismg ci r;ain lechnieal and trade
qualifications, it will be necessary for
a large number of yo tng men eighteen
years of age and over to respond by
taking the trailing courses that may
be provided to- prepare thorn an the
snorUit .possible time. Uut. in the
meantime, nof'ung ;;.n possibly be
gained by boys doing otherwise than
to continue in school, laying the very
best possible foundation for such su!-
.. Ise'tuent training. If they r.rc wanted
. . . ii i
'" m J
The following boys joined ilie bovs
department dur'ng the week ending
.Il'nn "4:'t T r.t.f I.wl.i-,,, 1,1,,, I- I
B'-iir. Norman Wi'ison, Bru. e KeynoMs
l.leyd Mills, Jack Wilsc.ii and Orman
Moslier.
Sw'mte.i!,.; classes are conducted for!
Ik ys every week diy at ;:: p. in.
a;,d 1'onday, Wednesday and Friday
;iiij.,4Wi-.
Pioneer Builders of the
Valve-in-Head Motor Car
These Cars are Beyond Question tha
Best Buy on the Market Today
WE ARE DISPLAYING IN OUR. SALESROOM THE LATEST
MODELS. THESE CARS ARE READY FOR IMMEDIATE
DELIVERY.
AMERICA'3 FAMOUS LIBERTY
HEAD MOTOR.
OMY, MORE POVER, LIGHT WEIGHT AND EASIER ACCES
SIBILITY. IT HAS BEEN DESIGNED BY A COMBINATION OF
AMERICA'S GREATEST ENGINEERS.
South
at 7::4:5. Also a class Saturday at
10::',0 a n:. A special (lass for begin-!
ners is conducted on Tuesday and on
Thursday at 5::!o and Saturday at 11
a m. Kvery boy is allowed one swim
per day. Join now.
Happy Adams was back al the old
stand in the hovs' department last
( week in order to help out oi
of the fhi.riage of se rttarie
on Recount
tanes.
Daniel Slilrck expects to tae charge
cf the physical and bays' work begin
ning with Jaly 1st. Percy Page will
continue as the assistant buys' secre
tary. I Hiiluirn Run' is aspiring to be a .-eo-lond
wolast. He is quite nifty with
I the iii it s and makes a good show ing
with the big huskies He says he can
j knock out anybody his si.e and weight
in the Warren District. A good chance
for (iis Livingston.
I wnpip l i """tATrW
IVIUolUAL, L.UAlt,LI
AT THE CENTRAL
The Raymond Teal big song show,
at the Central theater in Ijowell will
- '. "A Stubborn Cimle.ella" in which
fT . i '
? 4
Eo-ne cf tn Ttal Ducklings at
Central Th-2'er, Lowel!
again
the acta
tor.fi.t.
nude a l-.it last night.
iv Jones, a clever
nrtsieal t-how. will he tue bill for Siou-
What is expected to prove one of
the most unusual dramas ever offered
on the Triangle, program will in- seen
at the Eagle theater today, wh?n Thos.
H. ln:e presents William S. Hart in
"The Patriot." a thriiling story of the
Mexicin bonier from the pen of Monte
M. Ka'terjchn. This is the play that
uire.uiy is well known as having been
t star'. d almost in its entirety on the
strito-r.ddc-n international boundary
line. It is unique, in that it has no
women in its cast.
f , i ?
All Traces of Scrofula
Cleansed from the Blood
Impurities Promptly Wiped
Ont.
If there is hny trace of Scrorula. or
other impurities in your blood, you
cannot enjoy tho full physical devel
opment that a healthy body is ca
pable of until your blood has been
thoroughly cleansed and purified of
.11 traces of impure matter.
C. S. S., the wonderful old purely
vrct--o blood remedy, h-13 no equl
MOTOR.IS A
THE REASON:
THERE IS
ere Arizona Auto
COMPANY
GEORGE E. JACKSON, Prop.
Lowell Phone S33
CALUMET & HECLA
TO HAVE BIG OIL
FLOTATION PLANT
PLANS Practically Complete
for Improved Plant in
Which So-called Waste Oil
May Be Used
Plans have practically been com
I pleted for the erection o the big oil
flotation plant of the Calumet & Heela
company at Lake Linden. Tiie plans
have been drawn for a 15 or 2u-ucit
plant, in fact. The equipment will
consist of circular agitators in which
the oil will be agitated to work on tlie
slimes and recover the minute or sus
pended particles of copper.
It. is understood that "waste oil" can
be utilized, at least in part, furthering
the reclamation plans ot the company.
The plan, if equipment can be secured
and delivered as wanted, may be in
partial operation by the e.id of the
jyear. A considerable addition will be
i made to the Calumet & Hecla's geuer
al production of copper thereby.
I Calumet & Hetla subsidiary com
! panits c-oiitinue tq Increase their pro
duct slightly and, es predicted last
jweek, the June output should be quite
las large as that of May despite the
j tact that there will be two less work
ing das. Us:eola ConsolPdated. for
I instance, is getting cut an average ol
;450u tons a day. Ahmeek is getting
I liOO. Centennial 700' tons, Superior
I oOU. a Salle 5a0 to 6oo and Isle Koyale
; 3,00 to 3.400 tons daily,
j Isle Koyale sh'pnients vary censid-
jtrably, particularly to mills other
j tuan its own. running all tne way trom
bud to 1U00 tens a day and once in a
: w hiie going up to 1300 tons or more.
j The Isle' Koyale mill handles 2100 to
gjoo tons when pushed. This conirany
i js continuing its Sunday mill work to
'.keep up with th? miners. Calumet
I Heela, proper, including the Tamarack
is doing close to ltf.OOu tons a day.
MAJOR EMERY LOCATED
AMSTERDAM. June 29. Major H.
Crosby Kmery. who was seized on the
Aland islands by the Germans hist
March, now Is in Berlin, according to
information reacting here.
.
A HoO-acre ranch near Elgin is bo-
ing put under cultivation.
Douglas is to have a $25.um vaude
ville and musical comedy theater.
for removir.jr the last trace of Scrof
ula and other blood taints, and there)
is no case that it does rot promptly
reach. S. S. S. will thoroughly cleana
and remove every disease germ that
infests the blood and give yoa nev
life and vigor. It is sold by all drug--jrisls
and you should sret a bottle ar. J
begin. it3 use to-day. Write a com
plete history of your case, and you
can obtain expert medical advice fres
by addressing Jlcdieal Director, CO
Swift Laboratory, Atlanta, Go.
a
VALVE-1N-THE-
GREATER ECON-
u SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 30, 191S.
W. S. 8. CLUBS
SECURE $3000
!lie runs on six hits in the seventh
mi: J tir.
First gime R. H. K.
Brooklyn 000 101 010 03 7 0
to-ton 000 003 lion 1 4 8 1
Coombs and Miller; Rudolph and
Wilson.
Second game R. H. E.
Brooklyn 000 000 5005 10 O
rfr !:i!r.3 r nanf nostou 100200000-3 s 0
E"I!5? ihJ3 ft E" titVii Cheney and M. Wheat; Nehf anu
I UIV UiiWLL LWI
Those Who ll?.vs Suocriben
Can E-iy as Readily
Through Cv.hz ps Banks or
Postoffice
Wilson.
SPLI.IT FIFTY-FIFTY
ST. LOUIS. June 29. Pittsburg won
the first game of today's double header
i !' M. l-o-iis the second. Rankin
! Johnson, the pitcher, obtained from
i Milwaukee, made his debut and gave
'six hits.
j !'is; -same R. H. E.
iPi:tliirg 110 000 0215 J 0
ISi. L-iis ticO 010 00O 1 5 1
I Mivrr viul Schmidt; Johnson, Sher-
dell and Gonzales.
I Second game R. H. E.
WAR SAViNC ETA M P
SALj !N C: STRICT ;
EY STORE COC!ET!ES
i Pi't- brrsr Of'l 210 000 4
: St.' Louis 2iH 010 0115
Mil'cr nui Schmidt: Packard,
1 Phordel! and Gonzales.
9 0
9 2
May
The sale oi w.-r spviiitrs and
thrift stamps f:r the veok of June '
24th to the L'lKh U -tilled more than
$10.0o0:
Pheips D:0s! company. $7.027.2.-.: ;
Fairtcre, Sll.iiT:'. : !. V. WoolworMi )
company, JS77.25.
AJW U,'l V
r a
As a result
of the special
efforts of the
local w. s. .
vE,'. socie ties in
:-t j me orive rn--r-lMday
for bum-
-,vc i -'') per sales of
war savings
and thrift
stamps, $3000
was invested
by the patri
otic citizens of
Bisbee in good
securities and
turned over to
Uncle Sam to
help him beat
the Hun.
This amount.
however, is but a small ' percent
age of the total sales as many
investors are making their pur
chases through the bank3 and the post
office and the figures of sales through
these channels are not at hand. In this
connection, the Review has been asked
by the committee in charge of this
work to explain to the public that it
can lend valuable assistance to this
movement by buying its war savings
stamps and thrift stamps from some
member of the three Bisbee clubs.
It has been brought out that many
who have signed pledge cards have
specified one of the banks or the post
office as the place where they will
buy their stamps and feel therefore
that they are obligated to confine their
purchases to the place specified. This
is not the case. These clubs are or
ganized for the purpose of handling
the sale of stamps for the government
for the balance of 1918 and are mem
bers of the. national body at Washing
ton. They ere fully prepared and in
structed in the matter of recording
and reporting the sales of stamps lo
the state c; mir.it lee at Phoenix and
every purclms-.p of V.'. S. S. is carefully
recorded and rp;io.-t 1 f-ai-1. neck, giv
ing the rr.ine cf t'-e purchaser to Sec
retary Erin of the pi : tl;'c carl committee.
Each ore of t'-o. clubs is pledged to I
sell a cori; Ki cmouri cf Yv. S. S. and
while ti-ey have rnt'uisJastirally de
clared their intentions of heating their
quotas, nothing- i.-t more encouraging
to greater effert han success, and
ew 7C.-,t to these
. st wcni'.y cause.
CHICAGO BEATS REDS
CINCINNATI. O.. June 29 Vaughn
I outpitched Toney in a well played
game today, giving Chicago its seventh
'straight victory. It was Toney's sev
' entn straight defeat.
! Innings R. H. E.
! Chicago 100 010 0002 10' 2
Cincinnati $00 000 000 0 8 0
Vaughn and Killifer; Toney an!
Allen.
DIVIDE DOUBLE HEADER
NEW YOR. J'Jfie 29. New York
and Philadelphia divided a double
header. It was Philadelphia's firs:
victorv in New York thiss eason and
only the second one they have won
from New York in twelve games.
F'rst mme- R. H. E.
Philldelphia 000 000 1001 6 0
New York 110 000 OOx 2 6 1
Pendorgsst, Davis and E. Burns, Ad
ams; Perritt and Rariden.
Second came R. H. E.
Philadelphia 011 000 0002 6 3
New York 000 001 0001 1 1
Oeschger and Adams; Causey and
Rariden.
BISBEE LEADS COCHISE CilH
IN W. S. S.
DfflVE
SAYS
REPO
RT
MADE PUBLIC BY J. C. RYAN
COCHISE COUNTY
Amount soM
Prior to
Town. June 15, 'IS.
Bisbee .'
Douglas $fio,ooo.O')
Tombstone
Willcox
Benson
Pearce
Glcason Doo.'io
Howie 1
San Simon
Fairbanks
Turner
St. David
Dragoon report in ma.il. Ini-
possible to get otherwise.
Light
REPORT
Amount
Pledged in
Drive.
$287,1 0.0t
155.733.0K
H. fCti.00
4.OUO.0O
4.277-00
I. .M1.1MI
3,OH0.Oi
1,090.00
953.0O
r.oo.oo
000.00
2S5.00
752.00
Totals
$4G!,Si;t!.(M)
Returns Incomplete.
No. of Per
Pledges. Capita.
3S11 $ 75
12H2 112. HO
23 43.01)
2U0 20.!0
177 24.:K
2S 00. (HI
78 38.00
10i) lo.ao
24 iO.OO
4 125.i.M
10 4S..V)
30 8.0J
' 25 30.00
. 111 $ 77.00
while in Phoenix, ten have been pick
ed up. In other nil'' in the MHt
ai rests have also been mud". The buy?
get lip early to sei! papers or cany
the papers on tin ir routes am! see a
chance to break in while there is i.o
one around. Hereafter all boys who
are caught, commit ting arts or this
kind will be dealt with ly the officers
and their naiiies will bo printed in the
papers so that the general public cmii
see who ihey are.
PUBLIC 10 HONOR
DOUGLAS' MEMORY!
ine cue io
I BE FORMED HERE
illMI'C
j Friends of Cochise County's
Favorite Son Will Band
Themselves in Organization
tc Boost Him
AMERICAN LEAGUE
W. L. Pet.
New York, 36 26 .581
Boston 38 2S. .576
Cleveland 39 29 .574
Washington 36 32 .529
Chicago 30 31 .492
St Louis 30 35 .462
Detroit 25 35 .417
Philadelphia 22 40 .355
ATHLETICS TAKE GAME
PHILADELPHIA, June 29. New
York irRde more than three times as
many hits as Philadelphia but the
three locals safeties came with two
out in the fourth, scoring two runs
and winning the game. Chief Yeoman
Bob Shawkey, stationed at the Phila
delphia navy yard, pitched for New
York.
Inninss R. H. E.
New York 010 000 0001 10 0
Philadelphia 000 200 OOx 2 3 0
Shawkev, Caldwell and Hannah;
Perry and Poskins.
every sflio ai'ds t;
workers for thi ; ; ;
Friend'.;,' oif.; c i
clubs a!.:': it;...: -been
Ov ; i j a
means mite":, t : u
ber. In the c!.:l) f
worth salfs ; ir'-: l
the high".?t :;?
baby bon'i. 'in i
the individr...!
The s; -les r. r
SOX BEAT BROWNS
CHICAGO. June 29. A ninth inning
rally gave Chicago a victory over St.
Louis. The game was a see-saw af
frir. beinsr t;ed three times before the
locals started the final rally.
Innines R. H. E.
St. Lcuis 0H 000 0114 2
Chiiogo 010 100,0125 10 2
Rogers and Nwiamaker; Russell and
Schall:.
The retuins from Cochise coun
ty, while incomplete, show that
LUbee has pioudly borne her
share in the drive tor war savings
stamp subscriptions. Almost
$300,000 worth of the baby bonds
have been subscribed for by the
people of this district. The total
number of subscribers was 33 11
and the per capita subscription
$75. Douglas, which stands sec
ond in the list had subscribed
$60,000 prior to June 15, and in
the drive subscribed $115,733.
There were 1392 subscribers mak
ing a higher per capital, approx
imately $112.
The entire county has a right to
feel proud of itself on the face of
the returns, which though incom
plete show approximately a half
million dollars. Gill persons sub
scribing and a per capital of $77.
The following residents of the War
ren district are members of the Ari
zona Limit club, each being pledged
. Woolen, Mrs. J. B. Angius, A. Houl.
j Dr. E. T. Wilkinson, Louis Brown,
iJohn Treu, Mm. Grace B. Sinclair,
lian Leedy, W. A. Robinson, A. K.
! Borgqiiist, Mrs. Maggie Marks, Harry
! Hanniger. Mrs. L. U. Ricketts. K. C.
Keating, Geo. Hanliiger. John M. Mc
Gregor, V. G. Medigovich. John Two
mey, Simon Eraser, Marc Bailey. Mich
ael Murphy, Mrs. IIcrr:et Bledsoe.
The following residents of the War
ren district are members of the $500
club:
H. L. Jenkins, Gonzales & Tuell.
James Ovens, John' Angius, M. F.
Ryan, Mrs. Susie Stoltz, C. T. Knapn.
Mrs. E. B. Walker, John Dennison,
Pat McCormick, W. Ostler. Brewster
J. Watkins, J. H. Perry, Mrs. Arthur
Houle.
The following are members of the
Warren District Children's $100 club:
W. McKee Uoden, Helen E. Mc
Grath, T. O. McGrath, jr., C. T. Knapp,
jr., Audrey Knnpp, Paul O. Engelder,
Ed B. Ryan, Richard A. Ryan. John
to buy $1000 worth, of baby bonds bs-! D. Ryan, Margaret W. Murray. Mary
tween now and December 31: I Hrophy, Helen Brophv, James Brophy,
G. H. Dowell, Mrs. F. E. Shine, Dr. i Sabina Brophy, Clair Brophy. Paul
G. A. Bridge, Dr. N. C. Bledsoe, Dr. ! Brophy, Alice Buckwalter, Harmon
Thomas Watkins, F. E. Coles, W. B. Buckwalter, Fred Sutter, jr., E. C.
Gohring, Henry Poppen, L. J. Over-. Campbell, jr., Hugh L. Ross, Lydia G.
lock, John F. Sinclair, George Mieyr, Ross, Everett M. Ross, James Ed Con
M. J. Cunningham, Mrs. W. H. Brophy,' nelly, Ellen M. Connelly. Florence !.
John Mason Ross, E. E. Ellinwooit, : Connelly, Jack Sherman, Geraldine
Ralph Ziesemer. Gerald Sherman, Ar- Sherman,
thur Not man. Jim Brophy, C. W. Allen,
Francis E. Shine, Francis E. Shine, jr.,
Randolph Shine, Elizabeth Shine, M.
Newman, Frankenberg Bros. & New
man, Mrs. G. H. Dowell, Mrs. A. Not-
Wm. R. Gohring, John F.
Gohring, Katherine Gohring, Dorothy
I Gohring, Francis E. Coles, jr., Mary C.
Coles, .Loretto J. Coles, James H.
Ccles, Ruth C. Coles, Wm. A. Coles,
Hubert M. Coles. Francis Toland, Jes-
uiuu, l. Ks. oiiauuuh, a. kj. aicuregur, i sie i oiana, .-iartna roiana. Alary c.
Mrs. A. G. McGregor, Grant M. Mc- Duggan, Hugh S. Duggan, jr., John
Gregor, Donald T. McGregor, John P. i Hankins, Alex. G. Frankenburg, Kath
McGregor, Isabelle Dowell, E. A. Tov, erine Hughes, John Bridge, Anna
rea, W. A. Meyer, L. L. Gilman, H. E. Hcule, Dorothy Houle, Alberta Houle.
Additional Gty Briefs
ill for some time and that there wa3
not much hope for his recovery.
Club Whoso n it.
teen v. are S .71.
rivalry an:! :r:
develcnpii c. :r,r.
Phelps I i !-"
icr. ar.'.org the
i j ui.-nihci" has;
1 one more sale .
V. S. S. '.-hit ru m-.
nr.el by tl;e Wo )!-!
:e 'at.mher making !
aeli r.'on!i wins a !
. . d bv .-iUb a:i'i I
cr-.npctiti'.'n is keen, j
f':r it :!.-y by this !
ifr-.-hip niuiiOers four
. A siirriar spirit of
"";.- cr tr.'ji lition has
" ;!ip :i:er.;',ers of Vne
: t 'i'lr st -re clubs and
INDIANS BEAT TIGERS
CLEVELAND, O.. June 29. Cleve
land dcfea'ed Detroit, a pitcher's bat
il rr'v.-een James and Morton devel
oping into a farce when Pitcher Baiiey
replaced James ater the latter hal
hen reTil?ced by a pinch hitter in the
eighth, Cleevland scoring ten runs in
t1 " !n.-t half of that inning.
Innings R- H. E.
Detroit 000 010 012 4 11 3
Cleveland 110 000 110 13 16 0
James. Bailey and Yelle; Morton,
Eael.v and Thomas. O'Neill.
need!"-s n spy every member 3 keen:
to sicurc v--y ;c-s;b;e sale to ills!
or her credi:. j
W?i!e of -x:v -o ibe lar.l:5 and potti
office are re-dy t;nl wiliins io supply j
any who desire W. S. S. the rlubs were '
organized to push the sale" of these all'
possible frcm now to the end of the I
Tear, and the enm-erar !nn if thn t,,,'H I
in assisting their efforts by making
their purchases from one of their mem
, bers will aid greatly in the success of
their efforts to put the Warren district
"over the top."
A report will be published weekly
In the Review giving the weekly BaeB
of the various clubs and the name of
the member standing first in sales.
Pick your favorite in the race and GET
IN THE GAME.
Following is a statement of the re
sults obtained by the individual clubs:
Phelps Dodge, $2250 50; F. W. Wool
worth Co., $676.75; Fair Store, $55 00.
Total sales, $3000.00.
BOSTON EVENS SERIES
WASHINGTON. June 29. Boston
eNend ud the peries with Washington
by ti:t:'nr: 'he second game of the ser
b's. Avers was hard hit but was sup
ported brilliantly nnd was not scored
vr.ti' the eighth.
Innings R. H. E.
l os'-.v. 000 0(10 0213 13 1
Was'iinston 10f 00 0001 5 4
,'riv r.::sh and Agnew; Ayers and
ricinich. '
GREGOVICH ENDS FURLOUGH. WILL MEET TOMORROW.
John Gregovich. who has been home j The board of supervisors will meet
on a ten day furlough visiting with his tomorrow in their regular monthly
folks here, left Thursday evening nl meeting. The business of the board
10:45. Young Gregovich has been in i for tne fiscal year was closed Satur
the service of the United States navy ! day- The board will have con.it'c--for
fourteen months, and has done re j able business to transact. The matter
markably well. He is now a firs: elns.i j ot the approval of the appointment
Yeoman and petty oITicer and is Ma-, " - ne oi iougias. as me
tioned at Mare Island. His many ' cM"ft county member of council of do
friends in the Warren district wish I fense, will come up. White w:n ap-
him continued success pointed m place of James McDonald
who declined the place. According to
TOO COLD TO PLAY BALL.
A press dispatch says that the sched-j
uled National league game Friday at
Bcston had to be postponed on account
cf cold weather. Players appeared in
ear muffs and mittens, and frozen
fingers made the hpndling of the elus
ive pill out of the question, while the
spectators were tnrned to mounds of
ice. The temperat' .ie at noon in Bis
bee was 95 degrees, and at that hour
it had not been found necessary to
postpone any ball games on account
of the cold. .ir xi
rumor the board will act in the same
manner as did the Greenlee hoard.
Baseball Scores j
NATIONAL LEAGUE
W. L. Pet.
Chicago . 42 17 .712
New York 41 20 .672
Boston 30 33 .476
Philadelphia 28 32 .467
Pitsburgh 27 33 .450
Brooklyn t. .h.25 34 .424
Cincinnati 24 36 .407
SL Louis 23 36 .390
DOUBLE HEADER SPLIT
BOSTON. June 2! A base hit by
Koeiitchy over Z. Wheat's head with
the bases full in the last of the tenth
gave Boston the winning run in the
first game of today's double header
with Brooklyn.
Broklyn won the second game, the
Tisitors falling on Nehfs delivery for
AMERICAN ASSN.
r
At Minneapolis, 1; Indianapolis
At St. Paul. 1; Louisbille, 5.
At Kansas City. 0; Columbus, 3.
At Milwaukee, 5; Toledo, 4 (11 ta
kings). At Minneapolis-Indianapolis, twilight
game postponed.
WESTERN LEAGUE.
At Desmalnes. 7; St, Joseph, 4.
At JopMn, 5; Oklahoma City, 8.
At Sioux City-Omaha postponed;
fire.
COAST LEAGUE.
At Los Angeles R. H. E.
Salt Lake 3 9 0
Los Angeles 4 9 2
Dubuc and Konnick; Standridge and
I-apan.
START TWILIGHT GAMES
BOSTON, June 29. Next Monday's
baseball game between the Brooklyn
end Boston teams of the National
leicue will be an innovation in blft
league affairs in that it will be an
evening contest beginning at 6 o'clock.
Tn making the announcement lida
the Braves management said the plan
was to be tride merely as an, experi
ment and that there was no present
Intention of making it permanent.
The stars above us are no brighter in
glory than the golden stars in our
service flags down here.
ADOPT RESOLUTIONS.
Whereas, Dr. James Douglas has
always be?n one of the best friends
of our town, and whereas, he has per
sonally given us material aid in the
erection of proposed new bouse of
worship, and whereas, God in his wis
dom has seen fit to take him from
this life. Be it resolved that we. The
T irst Baptist Church of Bisbee in con
ference assembled, do express to Mr.
Walter Douglas an 1 Mr. James Doug-
DINNER PARTY , 'as and oiher bereaved ones our heart-
Mrs. C. E. Wittig entertained la3t : fc" Apprec iation nr Douglas's work
Saturday evening with a dinner party j for us and oomr:' them to that God
in honor of Miss Anne Johnson, who j of low, for condolence at this time,
has been a teacher for four years in
!'ier heme in Nebraska. Covers were
laid for six and the guests presente 1
Miss Johnson v.ilh an ivory mirror for
a farewell pi't. Those present were
Mesdrmes Addie WitUg, C. E. Wittig,
Albort Riddle, Misses Maud Bragil,
Kitty Reagan, Carmelita .MiriireW: an!
Ann Johnson.
DIED IN PHOENIX.
Advices were received here yester
day that Henry Miinz. a former pion
eer resident of this city, had died in
Phoenix. He was in Bisbee in early
days and owned considerable property
and was employed in the Copper
Queen smelter when it was located
here. He leaves a wife and two chil
dren. His wife is a sister of Mrs.
Griff Williams. Mr. Williams left last
night for Phoenix to attend the fu
neral. His many friends in the dis
trict regret to hear of his death al
though it was known that he had been
j The newsboys of the state seem to
I have been struck by an epidemic cf
j stealing tobacco and cigarettes Two
; Bisbee carriers were caught Friday,
i
Old Man Harris
; Editor of the Oil rnd Mineral Journal
;of Pillines. Mcnt., will give you
l straight "tips", alx.ut oil and mining
j companies free, and send you sample
copy of his 16-page illustrated paper
I for the asking. Scores of his sub
:scribers have made $400 on a $100 in
I vestment and upwards, by following
i his advice. Don't buy in any company
; until you write him about it he
j knows who is reliable and those who
i are rot. .Write Dunn's or Bradstreet's
latencies In Billings as to what they
'think of Old Man Harris and his re
1 liable information to investors.
BASEBALL
WARREN PARK
SUNDAY, 2:30 P. M.
(Change Day)
Conner 0
ueen vs.
C&A.
The Two Left Handers, Schatzlein for the C '& A.
Lefty Cothran for the C. Q. Will Pitch
t;i"
A memorial ser. l o .v. v. 'ii !i the
people cf the Warr.-i :r!-t r. ::! ! a '
their respect to ih ... ;.; ry Vr.
Jjmej Dounlas. fei.iu!. 1' :.' ar.;!
for many years iln
parent irgatiizati..!'..
the great i'help- 1 ,.!
will be held tlii. m riiii
o'clock at, the Y. . C. A
Everyone in the ei trict i invited
to attend the service Mid io pay ihc'r
respects to fie ni.-a hose efforts
made Bishop and present (lay prc
perity in the Warren district pis.;ib!'
The sermon will lie preae.'ied by the
Rev. Allan Krichhaum. There will be
special music.
; ...(! o
a hi' 'n gr-v.'
1 1 n. ratU.n.
- :i 11 ::.-)
Iiuihiin.
LEARNS OF BROTHER'S
DEATH THROUGH REVIEW
The wde circles tiircug'i v.hi. ii tae
war and its casu.'inei ur.i brought
home to the people, of the n; t-r.n were
illustrated when, last evening. A. J.
Zeller, operator lor the Kavle thea'er.
called at the Review oii'ice to learn
whether additicnal dr tails had been re
ceived regarding the death of his
brother, John G. Zelier, an aeroplane
machinist, who according to :-.n Asso
ciated Press dispatch re eivrd Friday
ni'ht. had been drowned when Mie
plane he was flying fell inio Penarola
bay. at l'ensacola. Kla. Mr. Zellrr re
ceived the first information aboui the
death of his brother from the Review
yesterday morning. lie sent private
messages in an effort to confirm the
news item but up to late last night had
been unable to do so. The wiilcw and
baby of the dead man reside in Roan
oke, Va. His mother lives in Phila
delphia, Pa.
I:t order to imist tlie !'ivil S.if-
! : i 1 JH '.ii ta.i:;.;.in f-r Otc luii;-
: i . i ; i ;..l us. .:;.;;:;. :ii o: t'a. tie;T.t
; (!ci:c -t ;s iii't'.i josviiie, fri'T''-'
Hi:! a'it.iirei . f Senator S.;tter havv
:a;!ed a ma .s inretiiit; for the purpose
Ini f.Ti ii.ing a "W an on District Sutt'T
.e..-,."
' AH citizem and vers of the fti-,-trii't
are invited to attend ih" nice CI tig
; tc j.en in the enthusiasm hi i ;voved
'(and!dacy cannot help but create i
' his home to n.
! Whether Mr. Sutter, himself, will be
jable to atiend is not kiKiwn at. the
! present tinte, as lift was called out ;.f
the city yesterday. However, it is cer
i tain that he will he well represen'ed
i in the per-: ;ns of his friends and (id
' niirers and that there will be a good
opportunity for those who. perchance,
'do not know Bisbee's distinguished cit
izen, cr his record, to become aciuuint
vd with it.
A large attendance is antii-ipatrd
and a thorough discussion cf pla.Tt for
j uie pi e-pi :inar luiupaii win ne
hetild.
ODD FELLOWS'
HOME DEDICATED
The dedication seniles of the n w
hall of the' Independent Order of Oihl
Fellows were l:eid last night at S
: o'clock. Large delegations from Dorg
las and Tombstone were present and
representative i frrrn the varlr is Io al
Uxigos of .ot tier orders. Ceo. A. ViS'.x
grand secretary, delivered the adtires-i
'' the evening in behalf of the leds-e.
The rrsponse was made hy Hev. Allan
Ki-iehhayn in Iiehalf of Bisbee- Ltxlg
No. 10. '
Among the lod'e officers present
! wer.- (Irand Master J. D. Baker and
K. A Watkins. depjiy grand master.
yi"einct as:d other forms of entertain
ment v,as furriished throughout the
evening.
The building will be open to the
public for inspection from 12 o'tlock
noun until 10 at night. There will b
a i-p coal co-nnittee to cotiduii v'sttor
tiiiouj h t!ie b'iihli:iK.
FIRE IN JIGGERVILLE
A two-story frame dwelling house,
end a small one-story frame next to
it. in Jigqerville. the np.n'es of the
owners of which cui:ld not be '
ascertained, were birred to the irroiin.l
about 1::50 o'clock this jiomi.v- hit'i
being a total loss. The Lowell fir-?
department and Chief Barney Norton
and one rig irom the Bisbee N'-. 1
fire station responded to the alarm,
but arrived t.o !ate to do more thn.i
a e surronnainir property.
It was reported that one c the
.Titervilie vohtnlepr fire fighters had
his leg broken by a fall. I!ii natne
could not be learned.
n
SUFFERED WITH RHEU
MATISM, CATARRH
AND STOMACH
TROUBLE
"I think 'Number 40 For The Blood'
as a blood purifier has no equal. When
I began to take 'Number 4)' I was in j
very poor health as I had Rheumatism.
Catarrh, Stomach Trouble. Lead Pois- j
cning, and an Itch that 1 had tried al- :
most every known remedy to relievo. 1
I have taken six bottles of Number
40" and anr on a fast road to recovery, i
I owe my life to it as I used to weigh i
127 pounds and now weigh 118. my '
usual weight. I could write more bu
this should be enough to convince the !
most skeptical, and you are at librtitv
to use this letter anyway you desire." I
Geo. Klinker. "Lima. Ohio. '
The ingredients in "Number 40 Fir
The Blood" are set down in the IT. S.
Dispensatory and other reliable med
ical becks as follows: "Kmployed i'i
diseases of the glandular system, in '
blood poison, constitution, stotiach
and liver troubles, chronic rheumat
ism, catarrh, sores, ulcers. skin erup
tions, mercurial and lead poisoning.
Under its use nodes, tumors, scroful
ous swellings that have withstood all
other treatment disappear as if by
magic."
Prepared by J. C. Mendenhall, Ev
ansville, Ind., 40 years a druggist.
Sold by Central Pharmacy. Bisbee,
Ariz.; Lowell Drug Co., Lowell. Ariz, i
17HE BRIM WITH A
j j
yr IT 1
Sold Everywhere, in Settles Only
HairS your Prde
use HERPIODE
V'H--.:; v . 7
I, i
I
4.
THAT air of refinement, that illuaive charm
which beautiful hair gives is now within
the reach of every woman.
If you have longed for a preparation that would actually stop falling hair,
rid your scalp of dandruff and transform unsightly and unruly hair into lus
trous beautiful tresses, you will certainly find it in
Even the senstition of the first app'ic-ati.in wi:i ahsciut. ly coininre you.
Ilcrpi ide is an indispe.nsnble requisite of every hccseht.ld where personal (.rite :?! iloanli
ness reign. Herpicide stops that annoying itching cf the s-alp. sfengta ntu the hi r roots ami
promotes health, v'gor and litsttr of the hair if.dreanied cf before.
?.!KN: If your face smarts after shaving apply a lit'V
Just try it. Tell your biiib. r about it.
Herpicide for Mother, lather. Sister and the I'.iys.
CAUTION: The high tax on rlcohol, daa to the war, his
caused a flood of watery hair dressings that keep the hair
damp and sticky and chill the scalp by slew evaporation.
The stimnlatirq and antiseptic action of alcohol is absolutely
necessary a"d N'vvbro's HerpicHe (ccniinirr; 40 per cent
alcchoi) wi'l be kept up to the standard reg.ir1tes! of tHu cct.
Do not delay, buy 3 bottle TODAY
Sold by Drvg and Dep't. Store
Applications at the Better Barber Shops
tlerpiiide while yo'.-r fare is wet.
DCN'T WAIT Send 10 Cents
) fcr Sample and Booklet To-tay.
rmC H::i;ri( ii)K company!
( Dept. I'MI'. Detroit. Vii'hinaii.
' I'lea-n find enclosed 10 cents fer
x wbi' I. sen.l me Sfmr'e hct le of
Nen bro's : ' rn!.-i;t.' . rl-:i p be'-k-
; let ci! t':e :u',- of "V hri-.
( Name
A .l .lrt ss
j City
I State ,
i