WEATHER. I
ARI70XA: Wednesday
cloudy; sno north por
tion; Thurs. cloudy.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 20, No. 213.
THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, ; WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 13, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Mht mm
LATEST TURN
BP EVENTS
DISCUSSED
1S1IGT0
Conclusions of Military M e n
Not Entirely Discouraging
as a Result of Eastern Front
Fiasco.
Theda Bara Is
Godmother of
Gila Monsters
CONFERENCES
DIRECTING ARTILLERY FIRE FROM MIDAIR
(By Review LrxR&i Wire
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12. With the
opening of the great campaign of 191$
on the western front, apparently with
in sight, military men here examined
today with profound interest Tbf situa
tion created by the signing of peace
pact between the central powers and
the new Ukraine republic and the de
cision of the Bolsheviki Russian gov
ernment to demobilize the army. Their
conclusions were not discouraging.
These events on their face would ap
pear to set free enormous German
force3 for the impending battle in the
west and also to furnish new sources
( (By Review leased Wire) 5
I CAMP KEARNY. CaU Feb. 12
Tlieda Para was unanimously j
chosen roUinuiiier of the one hun- i
drid and fiity-eighth infantry today, j
I When advised by telegram of her 5
j defection. Miss Bara wired from her I
; hrme m Hollywood. California. "I j
accept this honor with the greatest (
j of pleasure and a thrill of priSe."-
ments for an elaborate celebration j
in Miss Bara's honor when she
visits the Arizona boys' ciinp.
wiifi wisi wm
MAY SOON END m
CGfUROKY
4
V f ., , . ... v
4 ;-i
iYANKEE DEAD
SNUMRFH 159
MURDERERS IE
STILL AT LARGE;
NEAR
SIMON
President Expects to Confer
With Democrats and Re
publicans Over Pending
War-Efficiency Legislation.
r.y Rw Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12. Contro
versv ever American war efficiency
and re-organization promises soon to
reach concrete form for action in con
gress.
The sena'e militarv committee's in
quiry, which begsn just two months
ago. virtually was concluded todry
with the submission by Secretarv
Baker of confidential information re-
j gariing shipping facilities. About the
-5.-
I
... ...IV.' '1 "i
MMmm SAYS LATEST
!D!SPATGHES
Posses Lose Track of Three
Men Who Killed Graham
. -f f:-, J f i same time it becane known that Fresi-
County Officers. Cordon ot dent WiUon nna:terabiT opposed to
A M.n rV,, rVn arrr!tbe committee's bill for a war coancil
Armed Men Uut Un earcHand a munitions d;reetort F,ans to be.
j gin tcmorrow a series, cf conferences
I with members of congress, republicans
(By Review Leased Wlrei 'and democrats, calling them to the
GLOBE. Ftb. 12. Three outlaws White House to discuss legislature
who slew three Graham county offi-icivine him Dower to affart such re
el iooo supply tor me lemons auies.jp,,,, SucdaT morning in the foothills' organization as he desires. The bin
but many factors detract from the ad- jof tfle Graham mountains were still at ithe president had Senator Overman
vantages the central powers may de-;libertT Ute tcnighL They were be- j introduce last week and which he talk-rte-
jlieved to be sonewhsre in the vicinity :ed over last night with Senator Over-
One of the threats against the west-i-r s,n Simon and former Sheriff Ftank!man and Sensmr Nelson nrobablv wi''
ern front dwelt upon in public discus-j HaJT,eR United tSates deputy marshal, be amended by the judiciary commi'
sion if the fact that presumably l.-!wa8 heading a posse that left from j tee and soon brought before the
Safford in their pursmL bherut senate
Bjrrr VllipcliT nf Pnrhise conntT. viol Rnwal af Dhatr.
ine iact is saia. Rpn-uin telenhoned to Graham Rpnewnl of the sen.ite dehate
to be. however, that the great majomy of government. Sarford. , pended for a few days, is scheduled
or uie soiaiers capiurea oj me nam- the pes under his direction , for next Thursday. Senator James
siaus are auvuj,. um i were "up in the air. The capture or Keatuckv. an administration bpokes
western front operations by present fngiUves at once seemed improb- man. giving notice todav he would
dications. Most of the others "rei bIe. speak thn on "America and Ker Na-
civilians or camp followers of one k:nd The forim.r sheriff of Gila county ; tional Defoase.- He will be fcllowed ,
or another and so far as known, only 'hen Mid tilt mn'titcde of reports Ftidav h)v?wtor Weeks "of Massa-
a small number of German troops had teen rejeji M t0 the where- chusetts. republican member of tfce
were captured on that front. Anyjaboots of the fogjye, out t,e one: military committee, in support of the;
500,000 prisoners of war held in Rus
sia would be released to strengthen
the Germany army.
' '- - .... , J9
I 1 " I
" ....
One Hundred Forty - five
Americans Have Been Buri
ed Along Scotch Coast.
Majority Are Identified.
4i
V- -y: .:..:- y
. v.
It
. Nv t. : .. .
Wiit v I
i.. t...
, n
.4
'
i .
I -
Jt
, . '
y;fr
'Observer in French captive balloon.
While the bijr suns loom below this observer han3 in his basket, suspended from a captive balloon and
phones back to his heavy artillery gunners the necessary changes in their range. He is in full view of the
itemy and is often a target for their snipers. The unusual photograph was taken at the French front.
men from the prison camps are .re-. that they. were near San gimon station ; bills for a war cabinet and munitions
garcea as 01 aououui bumuj '-c ma.t reneraUv believed. He is director.
for some time to come, as the Em i
sians. unable to feed their own r
diers. hardly have improved the health
of captives.
Doubtful Aid.
There is doubt here. also, as to the
extent to which the agricultural re
sources of the Ukraine or of Russia
can be brought to the aid of the Ger
man people in the near fnture. Fail
ure of the Russian transportation sys-
the men supposea to oe me muruerers : tary committee announcea late tooay
of Sheriff McBride and Deputies Mart that Secretary Baker probably would
Kempton and Kane Wootan. jnot be recalled for questioning by the
The sheriff and his two deputies ; committee, his detailed statement on
were slain when they, with Marsha! -the shipping situation being regarded
Hayes, sought to arrest John and Tom I as making it unnecessary.
Powers as draft evaders. The Powers! Information on Tonnage,
bays' father and Tom Sisson. another) Secretary Baker, according to corn
man of middie age, resisted the u imi.tee members, submitted complete
thorities when they approached the information rorsriiinF avrilahle Amer-
tem worked in Germany's interest injcabin. A pun fight ensured resulting ; lca tonnage and prospects of secur
nndenrining the fighting power of; in the death of the three officers and!inK aiiied tonnaae for transportation
the Russian armies. The same agency I of Jeff Powers, father of the youths .hai sappiT ot American forces sent
now necessarily, works against tfie charged with draft evasion. The two -hroaj Doubt remains in the com-
centrat powers m its oesire to get oui
MM CLAIMS
1 6 HOUR LAV IS
FREELY VIOLATED
"Me Und Gott"
(By Revtw Leased Wire)
LONDON. Feb. li Emperor
i William, according to an Exchange
ice i
leiegraph displlch " from AwsV.r- 5
O.atn. has sent the following tele-
gram to Philip Heincken. manager
of t'ae North German Lloyd Steam-
ship company: )
v "Many thanks for your conrratu- 5
lations over our first peace. 1? 5
CONFIRMATION
OE RUSS ACTION !
HAD IN DISPATCH
Union Head Dwells at Length,! SvSi Official Statements, Signed by;
Trotzky, Declares No Peace :
Is Signed With Czars and
Capitalists. i
Tw A TiAfra9 ViAYiTinnt f
St&tute Since Railroads ; hoIP U!! furtl'er-
Were Commandeered.
5!
(By Review Leased Wire
WASHINGTON. Feb. 22. Indis-1
criminate violation of the sixteen hour
1 boys and Sisson fled on horses or tu niittee however. Chairman Chamber-' law. especially since the government;
! murdered officers while Haynes hur-'i-j- sajH . to -hether Mr. Raker's! took over the roads, was charged to 1
was charged to 1
bv
food supplies. Moreover, the best
atrina .klKh mow Ka MiaiiM aJ . A Caffiinl fn, I . . . . . I . L. : 1 1 .. . . 1 . .
. lui.a u.u j iicu lu tT&ituiu ill I OrlT a I ion supports HIS Statement j iuiinKiiiviii luuaj " j
to the Germans are in a remote sec-1 Sheriffs officers in this district ar?(i,at tne prosnecu were not nnpromis-1 Timothy Shea, acting president of tnej
tion of the Ukraine and in such poorlholding themselves in readiness (orjns jor patting a million and a half I Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen, j
ennriitinn that the aprirnltrinil rvs- I Minn in ih. ovpnt that the fugitives ; u: : i- ,1.:. Endnpmn and Hostlers, in nicturinz '
r -. - I . - " - JlllT-l Kflli BUIUllTiS 1U CUIUL'C lillR " '
te-m may nave 10 oe maae over, a o;i
ficult process with the confusion that
prevails throughout the region.
Demobilization of the Russian army
will not mean that the Atostro-German-
Lloyd- George
Heckled by
the Commons
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Feb. 12. After detiar.ng
(By Revk-w Leased Wire)
LONDON. Feb. 12. Confirmation o?
the German report that Russia has
withdrawn from the war U contained
in an official Russian statement re-
! ceived here today.
The text of the statement says:
"The peace negotiations are at an
end. The German capitalists, bankers
rhollT withdrawn. There will be a
constant threat of renewed hostilities
and the Germans must see to it that
ample force is -always at hand.
A Unique Problem.
In fact, diplomatic observers say
Germany is confronted with the most
difficult and unprecedented problem
she has met during the present war
as a result of the declaration that Rus
sia has abandoned hostilities without
come within tneir range, inus lar year Kr in ni8 statement.! V "'" cumiui ur-, luUU. t ea. 12 Aner oetiar.ng and ,ar .JIorJ ,; ipPor;ed uv tho silent
their services have not been needed. . reiterated the opinion that but twoi'J conditions which, he said drove :tha be goTernment wiu 8tand bv the cooperation of the Knglish'and French
There is navicular anxiety on the , i c 1 the men into otH--r employment. I . . L ...vl-:
part of the local officials to aid the; to Tnta'n eacfc m.nn FAtrope I "If 'h vernment considered aec.arat.on ne maae d e"-i
Graham county, officers to avenge the;nator Hitchcock recently assened ?Vl yW l 1 I Uon it BCtovsi cZnl such
!as could not be subscribed to by thej
; Russian revolution. j
"We cannot, will not and must noti
continue a war begun by ciars and :
capitalists in alliance with czars and
capitalists. We will not and must not
continue to be at war with the Ger-:
mans and Austrians workmen and ;
Bulgar forces on the frontiers can be i death of Sheriff McBride as It was he five ,ons WT man are neceSsarT lts .. ' . . waKe sentatives. Premier Davied Lloyd
he wno sent a canoaa 01 aepuiies 10, Although the secretarv's data will' r j : -;ueorge toiu me nouse 01 commons o-
Globe on July 4th when riots threat-; not be made public. Senator Weeks isi,V mduas ,u 8Ulu "su",day that he had read with the most
. 1- . .1. - f .... . . ivii.
ened the peace of this community.
Are Not Brothers.
The" report, circulated in Bisbee,
Tom and Joe Powers, who were im
plicated in the murder of the Graham
county officers on Sunday. Is a mis-
expected to make a general statement
in his speech challenging some of the
conclusions.
n .v. f.-.ti n .1 i4l...nivintmanl K . vhKa.
The witness said present conditions :;"V." T .il, ZJL,
actually constituted a menace to hu
man lives, because men engaged in op
eration of trains cannot be held re
sponsible for disaster if worked to the
point of physical exhaustion. He quot
ed partial reports to show 123 viola
NEW CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12. Manv new
'take. The boys belong to an entirely construction projects for the army. in-,tions of the sixteen hour law between
! different family. M. Schanei of this, eluding munition plants, ordnance de- January 2nd and 2i:h. as compared
the signine of a peace treaty. The re- district s the husband to the sister, pots, storage plants, port terminals. I with eighty-nine during the wholo ot
fusa! of the Russians to sign anv , 0f the late "Maricopa Slim." and states hospitals, aviation works, canton-, lsiT.
treaties alienating the Russian west- that his wife's father died in California ments and housing were disclosed in ! -u doesn't seem to me that 123 vio
tern provinces, the diplomats point several years ago and that Slim Pow-ja statement given the senate military ; lations are extraordinary considering
out. will leave the central powers , ers had but one brother and that he ! committee today by the war depart-; tlje weather of that period." remarked
without any legal claim to their pos-! i living in the sicinitv of Los Angeles' nent. The work will cost a total or; Secretary Lane, chairman of the coin
session. German and Austrian tenure !.t th. tin. wtth rotative $268,630,000- and, while some of the mission.
tfie old timers who knew them state'
will rest entirely upon the assertion
of force, without recognition of inter
national law and consequently must
be submitted to the decision of what
ever form of tribunal finally deter
mines the baris of general peace.
Should Germany and Austria resolve! wno is now in California
to refuse to recognize the Bolsheviki
decree as terminating the war with
out the confirmation of that action by
T, p.. fti h--a tn r-nrhioe ' PJwls Ba announcea neiore. 1 -o don t sanction violation ot tne
eountv for a number of year, at Par.-! " wTJven D ?oaiT Mn She-
dise. Tombstone and other places and btT?KOT. .... o,n . Li "IL1 h,.BjL
CSS- th. uKilanr
0O0 will be spent in building
the secretary
Mr. Shea said perhaps the question
should not have been asked, but re-
that there were but the two boys liv-i makin(t plant at Edgewood. N. J while
ing. Slim and a much younger ons. , nrtT interior lnr dennta t i-o-t
San aggregate or I30.0-M).(KM are to be fusmi in Hmn ihp auhwt
Posses Still Out. l erected and at unnamed points on - j -since the government took over
The sheriffs office in Tombstone , 8tion work, including a rew canton-' oreratinn of the roads " he said, "thev
and In this city Jiave not heard any-iment. the location of which was not are at liberty to violate the law. Whom
German chancellor, and Count Czem
in. the Austrio-Hungarian foreign min
ister, to President Wilson's and hi
nun cnaaAehp
"It is perfectly true, as tar as the j Plants like ourselves,
tone is concerned." he said, "that there! xv ar not Wing a peace of land-!
is a great difference in-tho Austrian I and, capitalists. Let the German
and German speeches. But I wish I ; a'1 Austrian soldiers know who are ,
could believe there is a difference in ! placing them in the field ot battle and
substance i thenl know for wat they are strug-;
"I cannot altogether, and I rerret ,n h,?n k,cow ls tn1 ei
it. acecpt the interpretation of the j ' "Sainsl thpm' I
Czernin speech. It was extraordinar
ily 'civil in tone and friendly. But
fNo Treaty Signed.
"Our delegation, fully conscious of
member
commis-
a treaty m me usual iorra. tneir thine regarding the whereabouts 01 , given. f4S.ooo.oiw will be expended. 1 are you going to prosecute?
nrmles would be in the position of the Powers brothers and Tom Sisson.' Ordnance depots are to be built on j -killing
an unresisting and unarmed j Calls were received from the officers the south Atlantic coast and at "some Law ' ""oceea
people, a proceedinr reearded here as (stationed in different parts of the: seaport" at a cost of $4.i0.0t0 each! Commissioner McChord. a
certain to cause trouble for the Teu-lronntv ackin? if anr trace of the men ; and one on the middle Atlantic coast! of the interstate commerce
tonic rovernraents with their people had been found and asking what di-'nt a cost or 16.000.0'X). jsion which is charged with enforcing , m j, simply a polite statement to Pres- receive an ordr for complete der.ieb-
at home. An appeal from the Russian rection to go. Sheriff Wheeler and I Hospitals lor soldiers sutlenng rrom j tne sixteen nour ia. mierrupiea iu,ident Uson and the others that It Hlzatlon on all rronts.
noasanta to the workine classses ofis... ..e. i tk sn PMm ' tuberculosis are to be built at Denver. ; state that government operation made ... ro, f our business to Inouire ' The sicnature of Leon Trotrkr and
Germany and Austria, it Is believed j country vesterday. A report from Col., and Ashville. X. C at a cost of 'no difference in enforcement of the 1 xbere was not a single definite ques-, other irembers of the delegaticm arc!
when vou come to the real substance: its responsibility before the Russian
of the demands put forward by the al-l people and the oppressed workers and 1
lies it was adamant. It put Mesopo-I peasants of other countries, declared,
taniia. Palestine and Arabia in exact-' on February 10th. in the name of the:
!y the same cat eoery as Belgium. They council of the peoples' commissaries:
were to be restored to the Turks on of the government of the federal Rus-;
the same conditions presumably asjsian republic to the governments
those on which Germany was to re-, the peoples Involved in the war with;
store Belgium. j us and of the neutral countries. taaC"lt
"When it came to the Italian de-i refused to sign an annexationist!
man. Is, Count Ozemin simply -said ! treaty. Russia, for its part, declares,
that certain offers had been made be-j the present war with Germany n"
fore the war and that thev now were I AusfTia Hungary. Turkey and Bulyaria
withdrawn. So far as the Slavonic at ar end.
population of Austria is concerned, it "Simultaneously the Russian frooi'
here, would not fail of a sympathetic
response embarrass'ng to the military
parties
The Cnited S'ates never has recog-
Benson stared that the men were still
in the Reddington section and that
they fiad been seen In that local'ty
about 2 o'clock yestf rday morning. All
)S0O.0O0 each and $12.SH).000 is to be law and that he daily was approving
spent on hospitals at thirty-two army prosecutions of violations.
training camps. J "We've got the law. but it seems
A division cantonment for the feru-. impossible to get it complied with."
lar army is to cost IS.OOO.OOfl but its Shea continued. "Since the govern-
il At - A 1 I nutnff- aa1 AWna K A wntAm A law It
sia's abandonment of the war will not I still being watched and an officer s ; "VL""7 ZLZL . w . ! ' .. k. hk. ..tiL
was kept close to a telephone in case some: ,,,, nton a. I criminatelv and the time is coming 1 fr"n " w rn.ou ,n Va V'"""?- """Il
trace or them is tound that ne can ; j.o on a simnar terminal : when it will result in wreck. I think , Sl,r " l"e "r","uus Jlr"". ,H""r? " v "
noury tae oMcers in that locality. at Charleston. S. C Two millions are It is time to call a halt. We hope the
nired the Bolsheviki regime and Rus-! the roads and trails Into Mexico are'
alter existing relations. This
maae clear at the state department to-
d?y. where it also was stated that the
form.il signing of a peace treaty by
the iew governient of the rkraWe
could tave no diplomatic efefrt so far
as this ETremreent Is conrerr.ed. The
first official Intimation that pare had
been signel was received today from
Minister Vopicka at Jassy. Rumania.
tion dealt with where eiernin did not appended.
; present the most definite refusal to .Order to Troops.
discuss any terms which might be re- In connection with this statement.
! garded as possible terms of peace and. an order also has been Issued that nec
i when you come to the German reply. essar steps be taken immediately for
it is very difficult to believe that Van declaring to the troops that the war
1 Hertling cru!d be fvon serious In with Germany. Austria, Turkey anv.
provided for three powHer hag loading government can demonstrate that
THOUGHT NEAR POOL. nnfrts at site not rt selected. - ! trains can make an average of 1212
rPy Review Leased wire) ! For housing for the h'rTlnr board miles an hour and avoid overtime.
TrCSON. Feb. 12. At 10 o'clock to rel'eve conresMrn in shipyard com-' The government will have the united
tonicht wcrd was received at the inanities the department nlans to ex-' co-operation of all classes of emplcy-
sheriffs office here that John and pend l35.oo.00O. This will represent ; es to accomplish this end.
Ton Powers ard Thomas Sisson. part of the J50.0O0.ooo for this pur
Surh consular officers as the United j slayers of Sheriff McBride of Gra- pose provided in a bill which passed lone
"What was i answer to the allies' moment as Teing at an end. This
very moderate demands? His answer order bears no signature. bit says: j
ws that Great Britain was to give No military operations must aeain
gTi her stations throughout the world, take place. The bocintvng of a geTi-
I confess I think that was the lat de- era! dcmohilijation on all frort ' ;
msnd Germany ought decently to have decreed. I order the issue of Instnic-'
put forward." tions on the front for the withdrawal.
The long hours were said to be only Proud of Army. of trocps from the first lines and fTj
le reason why many switchmen have "I felt flattered at the council when their concentration in the rear at"
A SCOTCH SEAPORT. Monday.
Fb. 12. (By the Associated
Press.) The American dead as
a result cf the sinking of the
steamer Tusania apparently is
at least 159.
Thus far 14S bodies have been
buried alone the Scotch coast and
14 t-.dditiunal bodies were recov
ered today. Funeral services over
the laMer will be held torr.orrow.
The bodies of a majority of the
Americans were iden;ifiei by
means of metal discs whih the
men wore and in the case of aivmt
20 others wMch bore blank tag?,
ki nt;fication was effected cf most
of them by. a general description
of the bodies or by letters lound
in their pockets.
(Bv Review leased Wire)
A SCOTCH SEAiDRT. Monday.
Feb. 11. A correspondent of the Asso
ciated Press who reached here thi-
morning with two American officers,
after a perilous Toyage from Ireland,
is able to give the first account of the
last moments of many of th- Ameri
can victims who perished as t result
cf the Tusoania disaster and of painet
ic incidents attending their burial on
the b(ak and rocky shores of this bar
ren I0.1SU
The correspondent today assisted in
the burial of sixteen .Vnericsns. bi-in?:-ing
the total of those haritd thus f ir
to 145. Fourteen bodies of Americans
were recovered today and will be bur
ied tomorrow. The bodies of cisht
members of the crew also have, bceiw
recovered.
Villages in Mourning
Today's burial was at the wter"s
edge at the base of tocky cliffs juni
was picturesque in the extrvme. All
the tiny villages for miles aiound
were in mourning for the American,
and farm and fisher folk came groat
distances to attend the ceremories.
Twenty-five American survivors of the
disaster who had been left behiid for
the purpose, assisted the natives in
digging the graves into which the kha
ki clad troops tenderly plar-i thoir
dead comrades.
Looking down from the too of the
cliffs 3t'u feet above stood the mourn
ers, headed by a British colonel and
an American private carrying an "Old
Glory" made for the occasion by a
group ot Scotch women, who on learn
ing the Americans had no large tiag.
obtained a small siik handkerchief edi
tion ot the flag from a sergeant and
remained up ail night copying it on a
large scale.
Two clergymen came many miles
and read the Scotch and Episcopal ser
vices, after which volunteers fired
three volleys, which re-echoed against
the hillsides. While this was going on
the only photographer within twenty
miles photographed the scene.
The ceremony was much the sa;ne
as was carried out at the same spot on
the previous day. when thirty-four
Americans were laid at rest in tx
other graves. So nadly mutilated
were many of the bodies that two Am
erican army officers who wvre sent
here from London expressly for the
rurpose. found it impossible to take
finger prints for identification purpos
es. Wooden crosses, with distinguishing
numbers, have been, placed on each
grave, all of which are enclosed by
temporary fences.
Washed Ashore
The bodies of the Americans have
come ashore thus far at eight widely
separated points along the coast. All
but fourteen, which were recovered
today have been buried at threw of the
most central points, or where the
greatest number were recovered. For
instance, at one point alone the funer
al rites were carried out over sixty
soldiers who were washed up with a
stretch of coast line not longer than
two city blocks.
Among the treacherous, hiw-lytnff
rocks twenty miles farther north, the
next greatest number were found
forty-nine. Midway between these two
points forty-four bodies were discov
ered in a small cove, sixteen of which
the correspondent helped to bury to
day. When a few bodies were found at
scattered rlaces they were brought to
a more centralized point and buriJ
with many others in one or two large
tren-h-s. A majority of the dead were,
identified through the metal discs
which the men wore. There were
about twenty instances ot men wear
ing blank tags, but In spite of this fact
a majority ot them were Identified by
a general description ot the body and
(Continued on raf Two)
(Continued on Pace Six)
(Continued on Fae Six)
(Continued on Tage Six)
(Cuutinued on Fire)
(Continued on fas fx)
tCvmttnJ on Page Five) TWO
THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 13, 1918.
PARTY PEACE IS
10 ASSURED FOR
THE REPUBLICANS
Adams and Hays are Contend-.
ers for National Giairav
Women Furnish Spectacu
lar Feature of Meeting.
(By Revjem Led Wire)
ST. LOCIS. Mo Feb.'lz Tse P.
rch'.ican netioaal coT!irr:ittee meetiac (
today was a troubled cr.e. ?nd in au
r:o:t to ajpease all factions, the ;
v'tal matter of the selection of a
r-rairmsn was postponed until l:3oj
o'clock tomorrow.
The most reliable available figures i
indicated twenty-three votes tMel.
to Join T. Adams of lo.a for chair- ' u. R- M.lcx had promed tha
man: tweMv-ihree pie4eed to Wiil
SV.t. li
. of Indiana, with five votes .
Hays, cfcai
coTr-mttee
ncn-commital
Fred Stanley, of Knsa.. who loom-i
a . .rr. a:r the :..re-!
noon, disxppeared as a candidate dur ;
ins to- artem..n l.rsely by reason j
.
of his insistence that he desired to
vore to the test for d?n;S.
ioie exomea puruy atia on fur.
A-1e:i-3 d'd not msster;a::2e. His'
frie-it;? Esserted t.at e
r;,i i
-i .... - ,
- . , i.. i -.. .
tl-o rtf I t Hi th-. ' hrf i -irred bv I
.v '-t. fa k.h K,an ,
enrrv of the raited ?tis in-o the
j ,n.,.ri. ..i-; tav
was one that be had taken the initia-lE
tfve in callina a trass cieetine at)
protect against Amer
' , . csi,.o
ruburjiie. la., to
tcans trave::ng
Th?s meeting, f
alleged. wa
c-!!ed a'ter tre sinkins of t-he Lusi
tania. Thorrpso" Questioned.
Mr Adaus was sec!::ded anl bjsv
direttina his fieht duriue te d?y.
V.'il iara Ha'e Ttco-psca. maycr of
i'hicaso. car:c:'Ia-e for the ReptibH-j
can ses'tonaT coT.mat'cn n Ili ro-s
and attacked it times as a pr.vGer
i:'aQ. en'oiled himself on the Adams
fide. He was asked:
"in ye:;r o;.;nicn. do the charge
ata:n--t Mr. Adsms. true or untrue,
in tny way militate tcaint fciui as
your thoice fer crairm?n cf tie Re
pub!!-. sn natiorxl eommfttee."
"I c-an se nothin- 'u what Mr
Adas s has d'ee rr said whivh wM
d;s;u?.!rfy him is a '--o i i isiTira
nd pood Repnb!i-an." replied ti e
itEycr
Mr. Tboa.pson irtrod icsd a re.f,!u
ticn c' snme lecrtji wtitb was reti
red to .the ccmiittee on f-solatians.
5; end rs d the ccn1-? itution of
raited Srtes i:h recard to free
sptefb and assen.biy ar.a cailed for
risid advert nt-e to the rates sfj'trat-1
frig thfr powers cf the le?i-lat;ve.
HOSPITAL COUPS IS
IS WOUNDED
?..
First aid at the firing front (top), ia ttsit hospital just behind lines (lower right) and in trenches (lower left).
The hospital corps with the U. S. Loys in I ranee is on the job all the time and everywhere. Much depends
on t! e frist aid given a wounueti man and, witn that iin mind, the hospital corps has brought its first aid work
i t a kih state of c2.ciency. Hospital corps men are right in the trenches ready to aid a soldier the moment
i.e i wended. Ii he is seriously injured his wounds are iressed right on the battleground and he is given
't--.:--:iry rer.ef." And the ttnt ho.-p,ta!s just rehind the firing- lines house the injured men while thy await
.bhi.-n-.eat back to the bae hospitals. Expert are in atteniiance every step of the way.
WTO
entire and judicial departments of
the federal government.
The rietaf of free aseinh'y referred
to was said to have ben inspired bv
the experien-rs cf !ar 141 -4 e at
tempt" cf t'- "iriW ("tutu oj
America for Democr-.cy and Terr.-s o
I:ue to fir.J a ree-tr-g p'.xt. This
aciT-rctirr. was fei'ej in attempts ta
nice: :n Mir3r".ti. 'i'consin. Norh
tafco-a fio'h PakoT and I'tab. tt
rfier i',t"-ricr I owden of rlfooi;.
fcnd .trtii!"3 th? nreeing ii Cv,.-a
;o. 5Ta-or Th.ccn rr?vlded police
rro.e, :c.n
P-rci't .he Tr-ntas:
V.'?-ren Fu'tiish Feature.
in trtese rPEtters j'i.vor i nomp?on
tni "le It r-"S3'vea- trat the
' c.psCta'ioTi. as quo'ed in h's preani-j
' b'e be S'rirtly observed t
! The pe. tacu!ar feature of the day j
! was r.rovided by the women. It h2d j
teen arransed that Mrs. Abiie Scost
P-sVer cf the Woman's rarty stoula i
aidr--s t'-ie committee in behaif ofi
the Sv.'-an B. Anthony amendment and -
that Miss Minnie Bronson acd Mis!
i Lut Price of the or-anizstion op-
: poed to woman suffrate sbouid op-
'rose Mrs Baker '
Tr.e an'-:-sufXraee wonan. who in-i
I eluded also Mrs. Henrv Prestcn White
o- Bos'on. and Mfes Charlotte Kowe
York, said that Chairman,
a thar'
I
; i tbe cemmittee would take r.o
- tl, trey tSj fromt
i. f Lact
in? MmMM 10 in u.rr- .JS. ."-V? I
to Ina tae ccn-nmit-e uau "uj
.voted a resolution commending toe,
vt resoiutm coTiiraruus ,
stand of fixe-sixths of the meuibers ,
"e ro-ase o. . i """I"
rr iVia lnfiAir tnOPfimPni.
la
v' .w.. - -
The firs: stoker was Mrs. IJaser.
Leva sjiM she was more t.tn pleased'
i that the committee without wsitine
- - - waitine!
in r ear Erf-mius hbu ivin - j
- . s. tha in i. i
I i 3 L . r tr r vUl it w m ----
of tte Republicans .who had
fo"-Tw1iod the Democrats to piss t.".el
Keidn tnt in
the lower bouse.
np i irnirtTeis lib uu suy.vi v -
or pensh. Fcr Item there wa, but
one cttlce and they took it. said Mrs.
Eaktr.
Miss Brcnscn gained applause end
ce !aU2Lter by an onslaught on the
! rith vl the me.nbers.
thirty members who lasi night were
epposed to suffrage. 1 wonder what
ccaneed them ever night."
Miss Price, a former Ohio news
paper wcnian. now resident in New
Yrrk city, asserted that the committee
! acted withoi-t ri?ht
"The convection miiicb named you
r.T.-.o declared for the determination
of the woman suffrage question by
states. Your acticn. without even
FIRE IN VASSAR.
Py Review W;:)
POniHKEEPSIE. N. Y, Feb. 12.
Tire mhich broke cut at 6:45 o'clock
tonight in the east wing of the main
building at Vassar college. d:d $300.
ii damage and for a long time
hbreatened to destroy the entire builu-
ina. It was not until 9 o'clock that
the. Maze was brought under control.
The damaee wa; t-ouined to the din-
tfcaMu; room, assembly hall, kitchen and
j servants' quarters. None of the
: students ere injured, and no fire
reacted the quarters of the stdects
ese-lwho room in tie main building.
OX JOB FROM MINUTE SAMMY
UNTIL HE'S CONVALESCING IN
m
xJ-.'
jr-.-
r -. '
immn m
hearing us, was worse than a be-1
trayal of us. who are opposed to suf-'
freee: it was an admission tbat party
pledges are made to be broken." she
declared.
Arur.ng t'te developments of the day ;
wH. h t trained the 'aoprvi! of t!ie
err. nritee wb the fo mnticn of r.n
?ssjc:ar:on o the cfcairmen if state
rer.tral con-nutters. The orcsnira
ion "jt3s staged by the chsirmcn of
the con.tr.ittees of OVahonia. l'ltnais,
Texas. Mo.itsaa ar.d Mithiean F"rm-e.-
S-nntor Hfisenwy of Iniiann. ad
trreST!g the rcicrirte hai'eu t:.e
Tan:rrttico os a unit in the risht
direction and said tiiat It wonid be
CTtrricd to cover the country.
cirecnon ana saia u;at u woi:a i1
extended to cover the country.
,
SUSPENSION ORDER POSTPONED.;
Rv- Review Leased Wire)
WAbHl.NLlO.N. l-eo. 12. suspen-
son ot tr.e neatless Monoay oraer.
fcrecast for several days, was pest-
- poned tcnieht until tomorrow pending
final reports on the coa! and tran-
spor-a:'oa suuation. unu iwr io a otisui v
About the only part of the country . feet, making it impossible to remove
now glvinc officials concern is New .them more than a few yards from the
Ensland. where the coal shortage ts j watre s edge.
said to me as acute as at anytime ia; Funela Delayed
tne last tew wees.
I. W. W S INDICTED
! . .
CHICco. Fe?Wl2Wil!iam D. Hay-! J
intentional secretary and ! 1
(h? itevtew ueawa ire
treasurer of the I. W. W who. with
' ic; vtha m Ann hat. .f tho nmniTstmn
ir,Air1aA , t.l mn) ir
iadirted bv a fed-ral erand ir.rr
a chaiTe of Conspiracy ani sed;t(,n
vac roiAaetvi in hnmic r.f f is in tmiflv
"GASCARETS" FOR A
GOLD, BAD BREATH
OR SICK HEADACHE:
Best for liver and bowels, for
biliousness, sour stomach
and constipation.
Get a lOcent box now.
Furred Tongtie, Bad Colds. Indiges
tion. Sallow Skin and Miserable Head
aches ironie from a torpid liver and
clogged bovels, which cause your
elMlilrh A Krwtm A fillod With lint.l
.
gested food, whicn sours and iern:ent
like garbage in a swill barrelL That's
the first step to unsold misery indi
gestion, foul gases, bad breath, yellow
skin, mental fears, ever ming that is
horrible and nauseating. A Cascaret
.oniizh! will give your constipated
dowels a thorough cleansing and
straighten yon out by morning. They
work while you sleep a li-ceat box
from your druggist will keep you feel
ing j,ood for months. Millions of men
and women take a Cascaret now and
:hen to keep their stomach, liver and
bowels regala'ed. and never know a
miserable moment. Don't forget the
children their little insides need a
-ood gentle cleansing, too. Adv.
HOSPITAL
4
5 ,
- ,i': - it . .'jr '
-. - . . -
Ill
ERICA
DEAD
AM
i
HER 159 SAYS
1C
LATE DISPATCHES
((miiiuvit from Yg Oncl
papers carried bv the inea in their
pockets. .
So many bodies came ashore he -
tween the cliffs and in inaccessible
places that great difficulty was eipori -
nced in conveying theui to burial
piaces. borne bodies were dashed op-
on tne rocKs at the base o precipitous
cliffs hipher than the Pallisades of the
Hudson River. At one point forty-four
bodies were recovered at the base of
-.""
' Z krf..: ... 3.
.-.o -.-
! ry ultimately to bury most of the bod-
' ipe nl lha mon in triAir nmmi-m rar. '
. ---- " - - I
ered witn canvass. Some corr.ns were .
Drovided from trees cat down'fer the
purpose.
I An undertaker at the noint where
I the sixtv bodies were found soon et-!
I hausted his small supply of cotfins.
i Th?reuioD. the owner of a biF estate
I immai1ttBtv r-rv f-ww4 vtt nil r.f tiia r vv-
1 ployes to cut down the only clump of
I" trees w ithin miles ia order to make
coffins. This provided twenty-five.
( No more trees were to be found on the
i otherwise barren land, so it was 'de-
cided to place the coffins at the bot-
i torn ot a great pit ana men uy tne
bodies of some of the men ia rows cn
top of them.
The over layer of khaki clad soldiers
was placed in one great sheet of can
vass. Another ten bodies were laid
over this row and so on until a'.! were
ready for burial.
At the point where forty-four bodies
were burjed no timber whatsoever was
available and all the men had to be
buried without coffins.
The bodies . washed trp In the dis
trict where the sixty ry?n were buried
were not badly bruised, but those com
ing ashore at more rock-strewn places
where the waters gave up groups of
forty-nine .and forty-four, were mutil-
i itferi Almnfit hevnnri reoocnitinn The
. , I . 1 1 .
,sea naa oasnea Sne ueaa men againsi
i the rocks and some o them were a!-
most completelv disrobed bv the action
of the water.
,Vr Review lId I wire) ST LOUIS. Feb. li -Reports were
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12. Forty received tor.isM that the American
names were removed today from the Protective league of Staunton. Iils
list or unreported American soldiers r.ear here, in an efton to rid the
who were on board the torpedoed liner city cf disloyal persons tcnisht t-ok
Tuscania. leaving three hundred still, ty force S. Ob'Tian. an -ie;ed !. W.
to be accounted for. As the war io- ) W, leader, and John H Me:zen. ;Ti
partment advices show only 113 sol-: attorney of Caiv.aeo. esconed thei-j to
diers lost. 1ST of those now unreport c the city limits, applied tar and fearh
probably are safe. j ers and stinted the former walking
Only seven additional survivors toward St- I.ouis and the 'atter to
were named in today's dispatcues and ' ward Chicago.
tile department had net succeeded in
deciphering a number of names gar-,
bled in cable transmission. Twenty
one whose names appeared on tho .
CONSTIPATION
Siomaci Cansed Tiis
And Sour
Lady Macb Safferinj. Elaci
Cracgbt ReGered.
MeadorsTille, Ky. Mrs. Pearl Pat.
rick, of this place, writes: "I was
very constipated. I had sour stomach
and was so uncomfortable. I went to
the doctor. Be gave tne some piTU.
They weakened me and seemed to
tear up my digestion. They would
gripe me and afterwards It seemed
I was more constipated than before.
I heard ot Black-Draught and de
cided to try If. I found it Just what I
needed. It was an easy laxative, and
not bad to swallow. My digestion soon
Improved. I got well of the sour stom
ach, my bowels soon seemed normal,
no more griping, and I would take a
dose now and then, and was In good
shape.
I cannot say too much for Black
Draught for It Is the finest laxative
one can use."
Thedford's Black-Draught has for
many years been found ot great value
In the treatment of stomach, liver and
bowel troubles. Easy to take, gentle
and reliable in its action. leaving no
baa arter-errects. It has won the praise
of thousands ot people who hae nsed
It
NC-136
PHONE 818
We will CALL and get your shoes that need repair
ing and DELIVER them to 3 ou.
Our delivery service will take in Bisbee, Lowell. Don
Luis, Naco and all suburbs between Bisbee and Naco.
Our Motto is SERVICE.
Goodyear
Phone 818.
8 1
CALM FOR AND
DELIVERED
I Tuscania's passenger list were remov-1
led from the roll of -..n re ported v. hen!
' the department was advised that they
, had been taken off tor hospital treat-'
ment when the ship touched at Hali-!
fax. Twelve otacrs were eliminated '
because they had been reported in '
rress dispatches at hospitals in Ireland.
The war department tccifrht tad no
official information to contirm cable
dispatchc-s from a S--otch port saying
that apparently 153 Americans na;l
been iosL The dispatches said that
thus far 145 htviies h?i beT! buried
along the Scotch coast and fourteen
additional boiltes were recovered yes-
terdrjv
. MORE SURVIVORS" NAMES
iky Rn-tn Lue4 Vitt)
, WASHINGTON. Feo. 12 The fol-
lowing survivors of the Tuscania were
anr.oanced late today:
Private John Kemper. Fairfax. Okla.
' Private Benjamin BinninKham. 1312 .
Caldwell Avenue. Corpus Christi. Tex. :
Private Virgil J. Roberts, p Reao. '
. usia.
. First Lieutenant Clifford Wellington j
Waller. Fenton. Mich. i
i Private George R. Baker. Carter Val-
ley. Tex. .
. ,nu, cjmrr nwur-. ru.i nwiu. .
I . . 1
t rivaie siuney n ium. oinsnie.
xex. t
Rupert A. Imvis. Frisco. Tex. j
Albert Diar. Mission. Tex.
Jefferson rsvis Jons. Winfv?ld. Tex I
Jacob W. Martin. Fort Worth. Tex. !
Theodore Parker. Adkius. Tex.
Rufus W. Taff. San Sana. Tex. J
Joe L. Taylor. San Antonio, Tex. !
i
NEGRO IS BURNED
FOR KILLING MAN;
iKr Review IjenwJ Wlrv
ESTILL SPRINSS. Tenn.. Feb. 12.
Jim McHerroa. a negro, who shot and
killed two white men here last Friday,
was biirned at the stake here tonight
after a confession had been forced
from him by application of re-1 ho:
irons. The man was brought b?re to-
night by a posse which captured him
after wounding him in a battl near
Moningville early today.
A mob estimated at upwards of l'Vfl
nersons met the train whih hnvagnt
the negro here. Leaders of t'M possr.
urged the crowd to let the law tke its
course but no effort was md? to pre-
Tent the lynching. A sister of otid of
the men MeHerron shot addressed ihe
crowd, denouncing her brothers s!ny-
er. The prisoner then was tiVen cit
of the town, chained to a tree. toru'vl
until be confessed, implicating anoth-
. , ..., thpn was burnci!
.
' TARRED AND FEATHER tD.
I
TO ALL WOMEN
WHO ARE ILL
TtJsJ.Wt
! table Compound Her
Personal Experience.
McLean. Neb. " I want to recom
mend Lydia. E. Finkham's Vegetable
lorr.pouna to all
women who suffer
from ary functional
distariiance. a it
has done me more
g-jod thia all the
doctor's meriHne.
Since taVinj; it I
have a f.nc boalthy
baby cirl tn.i have
(rained in iier.'th and
strength. 'j he?-
bsni and I both
praise ywr mi-
icine to all suftorintr
women-" Mrs. John Koppelmaxn, iU
No. L McLean, Nebraska.
This famous root and herb retrer?v,
Lydia E. Pinkham's Ve?retable Con
pound, has been restoring women of
America to health for mor-j than frty
years and it will well pay any wcrr-.n
who suffers from displacoTnon's. i i
flammation. ulceration, irre:!r.rit;.
'backache, headaches, nerous-Ufss r
the blues" to give tiua successf j
remedy a trial.
vour jjtment write I vr :s E. rin' ha-n
Medicine Co.. I.n. Mass, T.:e result
cf joug experience U at your sen
Shoe Shop
.Mien Block
i i
I ill: II!
1 A
22,000 SELF-STYLED BEAUTIES MUST
BOW BEFORE CHARMS OF WEE FRANCES
&':- '
f I -
J
j
;
!
',
i
;
i
.
'
'
,
i
j
J
-
Frances Jordan
Frances Jordan's beauty won her
elected for the posters in a new war
om petition wtre 22,000 photographs. Well see more of Frances when tu
posters get out. She is playing in "Jack O'Lajatern" in New York.
Bisbee Dye
PHONE 296
Opposite Bistcs Auto
We Give Results Where
Others Give Excuses
j
!(cl.A.E(iviar(isOirc
LB
fieid. and discovered the
L'ma oil fields of Ohio. He is endorsed by the Union Oil ompany and
E. L. Doheny.
Dr. Elwar.is i; the pioneer in 'h Chino Vahey oil fields HS
STARTED TITS l!ot).:. Get a min tii full particulars and get
some of the prof ts.
Full particulars by mail.' Sf n I In your -Application for this of
fering at e.
IVrniit gmnted by the Anxona Corporation Commission.
GENERAL SECURITIES INVESTMENT CORPORATION.
P. O. Box 744. Phoenin. Anzona.
I hi rt hy make a; p'.iratiou for ar.d agree to purchase
I hares of capital stoek of tbe E. A Edwurds Oil and Refining Co..
at '-.-c per share.
I eiu-Uxe herewith $ as full payment for
same. I'iease issue cer.iiHste ia my name.
r.eJ
Address
.Ml i.'.'tks are to be malt
s:r;ect Corporation
B.SEEE CFFICE MOOSE HOTEL
Strc-i;;h 4. Barnard, Agents.
! General Securities
n n P B
.Ki. .vv-. J
a ad her carls.
the distinction of bavins her
r phot
iin 11
department publicity cam Dai
and Cleaning
WorkS PHONE 296
Company, Upper Main St.
The ARIZONA OIL boom
N o.: ion't mis the profits
to he n;i;!e in these oil
litMs. You m'ssed other
ch.t.ice- doitt miss this
ARIZONA OIL sold at 3c in
Ocoler row selling at 20c
and drii:iflj every day
sr-cuM strike oil soon.
The Chmo Valley oil fields
of Ar;?nr. hav I bee reported
ore by Dr. E. A. Edwards. Dr.
E. A. Ritter. E. Ronald Saer.
Alexander Rrvy, L. P. Mor
gan and last comes a Stste
ln.ot::ntion the Cniversity
cf Ari-cna at Tucstwt. report
irt!; on these fields.
Bl'Y K. A. HDWARDS OIL
: REFINING OMPANY
SHARKS AT ic tM is
!.-. Edwards' own company.
Dr. Edwards discovered the
W"r;itt:er Oil Fields discov
ered the first light oil well
ia Ventura predicted that
Taft wo.i!d be a great oil
State
k
ties la- J
pavable to General Seturlt
Investment Corporation
Opposite Y.W.G.A.
PHONE 739 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 13, 191S.
BUCK AXD LARRY COXGRATULATE
EACH OTHER OX TIIEIR GOOD LUCK
i . i -i- --
S ' ;- " . f- - ' . ,'" -2 . M
. rf m a year ret conn
nfi income cf annuslly. I;i d-
oition to fh acrfa;" sild. T'iS.
acres have bet-n loaswl. vhich at the
rai of thrcr cents a i !-re au unis
tc over J23.". or a total itnn.ial in-f-r
c-f ro::' !vese UmU' of aipro?;i
r.!.;"'y exc!isi"e i.f t!)- Oiy-
litems on sales contracts. Reiire
meru cf thee (x nls shouM creatly
reJu;"? taxation in the tojtv.ie-:
lecied. as the levy wo.i'ul be redriKF 1
to nice' only n.nnin eii'n-.- an i
road maintenance.
Fut it is through the ad'-.:ipi;ra-tion
of the vn; empire of s;aie schoc-l
lands. Miioun:mg to over S.M.ortO
seres that taxpayers of the entire
state stand to reap rrest benefit
under present policies. S'lon'd this
entire acreaee be sold at the average
price of J3.50 per acre, at -which school
lands have beea sold by the state in
the past year, it would bring the state
S4.570.24i. which sura at five per
cent interest would amount to two
and a quarter millions annually. Even
by leasinsr this land at the rate of
' three cents an acre, there would be
' derived a revenue of $243,110 an
' Dually, or enoush to pay half the
schx-l bill of the state si the present
, time.
j Noiable anion? the accomplish
, men's under existing ,o'Kis is the
! fincnc:ne of the Lyman irrisaton
. project in Apache county.
k POTATOES NOT '
SUBSTITUTED FOR
OTHER FLOUBS HEBE
STARS OF STAGE GO AFTER LAURELS IX WAR
RELIEF WORK WITH COUXTRV-WWE CAMPAIG
Larry Ooyk iJcft) knJ Back Hcrzo snapped rrccat!T in Florida.
I: .ou!d appear that both S.:c Ilerz-g ar.d Larry Doyle are pleased
rith the reter.t deals that chnr.c? tt.e sctnes for thom this season. Larry
oyie is pteased t! join the C-:;.nu: ar.d Hermf: seems pleased t leava
hem. 5!ectm: recently i. 4ai-l.-r.ville, FLi.. tl'-y conirratulattd each
thtr cn Uteir good fortar.e hiie ti.e caa&era picked t'uem off in the act.
Totarees are not an authorized sab-.
stitu'. tor wheat flour under the fu.r-'
fiiiy provisions of the new a-heai cji- !
servaiiiu rults of the food sdminislra-)
lion it was announced today a; il-c'
t:ti:cv of the federal iood adininista-!
tor f-.r Arizona. The use t f pot tos
In t jis connetlion. it wus explainer. I
has been granted fcr a li;r.ited time to '
certiin sections where the safely of,
substitutes had been entirely exhaist-j
ed. and will be granted under like cm-
ditions upon application, but in cases
of this kind, it was emphasised. pt):n-'
tees mast be sold in the proportion of i
four pounds to one pound of wheit j
flour. i
All dealers, as well as the' consum
ing public, therefore, should liear in
mind that with the purchase of every
pound of wheat flour there must te
Purchased one pound of any of the
following substitutes: com nienl.
corn starch, corn flour, hominy, corn
prits. tarley flour, rice, rice flour. oM
ineal. rolled oats, buckwheat Tour,
potato flour, sweet potato flour, sova
i boan flour, feterita and milo mai?e
This dis-i meals and flours. Beans are not al-
;trk t. which w as suppl-ed by water j nwed as a suosuiuie.
i 'rrrr the Lynn"! reserro!r. suffered
; preat loss in 1?1S when te earth dam
was wasl
ruin unless the means were forth
coming fo rrebufldin? of the project.
Under war-time conditions financing
of the project throueh the usual chan
nels -as fcund to be r radically im
possible, and farmers livins on 13.
fioo aires e land contemplated the
prospect of being forced to abandon
the land they !ad brought to a hich
state of ctilTiration. Throueh the
funds at is disposal from the sale and
leasinr of lands, the sta'e was ah'ei
! r 1 - i u--'-..--- -.v;;.;:v-'--.. vxl
v- tJ b:. Vi.-v-- s-; V:: k , m
s in 1?1S when te earth dam ! . - .
(hed out by flood, and face! ! ilflf fjC ApDIlCd
less the means were forth-: 1 L
In Courts Here
Left tojisht at table Blanche Sates, Florence Nash, May Luckky and Mad( Kennedy.
What with two performances a day, rehearsals an I manuscript study and readinjr tka actresses Kew
fork have orly a little tiar.e cn their hands. But that lirtie they are makir.? elastic ar.d ihey are dedicating it t
war relief. The photograph shows a scene at the cpenire; of a camptin the stape stars have started to ra?
noney for worthy war charities. The f'tnd is to be known as the Stasrd Women' War Relief and subscription
ire to be soucrht all over the country. Blanche Butes in the photo is buy-nsr a subscription from Floren-re Nast
rampaign chairman, and May Buckley, treasurer of the f ucd, u receiving a contribution from Xade Kennedy.
fsnses in Arizona will be sentenced1 jJf hSPfl'ifill THY
t nnrrhvse thrift ,t,m. Ka.r. ' U ittUOUft I Of
bonds, if the plans of H. R. Tritle.
tirector of war savings in Artiona.
i riTy.
The Idea was bcrn in the brain of
ARIZONA RECEIVES '
MORE THAN MSlLiON
the money goes to work to build up
the state. .
rront the sale of Iscds Arizona has
to loan the landowners SIjO.ixhI. thus Ravid Babbitt, chairman of the Co-o-
assenn? the financing of the project, cino cennty carur'aism committee. TCe
and the maintenance of production I p;an has already ht-en established in
An Extra Session
on '5ooi acres or reniie iana.
small item in these days when the
cryine need of increases procuctioo
In answer to persistent rumors afloat
throughcut the state. Gov. Hunt de-
I nied vesterdav nomine in Thoenix
l!i RENT FR
t
received during the past fiscal year is Deing neara on every canu.
ever Arizona's share of the Cost of liaadMng the half-miHio i
c' Tans cn fr.rest reserve or mere dollars receievd annua'ly b;
brouaht in anther $C00.(r- or tetter, the state land departmert. including
w:.i rental of stale lands at the rate selection of additional land 'or the
of three cf nts an are aided $253,175 state, selline and lasins of lands,
to the state treasury. Timber sales and itie co'lection and ioani.i! ef state
anjounied to $10S.02 and misceilan- funds derived from these so-jreex.
eous fees to fipproslmate'.r 50 C0 amounts to less than the $70.0(Ht ap-
rv r-- U, J m.A Tl-m more Classification and appraise-' propriated by the legislature for the
Young State Leases its Land
no; t?:e courts of that ccunty. acreementsi that he was snnsidennsr cr.'.lir.c an ex-
havins been n-.ade with the julses totra session of the .cislature.
impose sentences of this character fori Rumors of the calline of the special
miner misdemeanors. session have b-vome so ir.sstont that
On the sucpestion of Mr. Babbitt.j some of the press in Arizona actual!?
Mr. Tritle has taken the matter upi have printed news dispatches portnd
v.ith the countv chairmen throughout' intr the couvenmjt f the state 1-cislM-the
state, with the end in view of 'ive body. It has been riven ont by
establishing the system in all cities.l "those who have th? official esr of
villages and districts. jthe state executive" that the excuse
I nder the plan. persons found' fr ralline the extra session will be a
euiltv on charges of speedine. ,nd hill to pive the Arizona soldiers in the
those who have imbibed too freelyl Amenw n caniormenis
Utilizes the Money for Pur
poses of Development.
ment fees troupht in Js3.:j:i. ad'nistraf on or me state iana
- ,nW i.n: niirin the oix mnnths end in i 1 r,-jj t .rfi:n ,. . .1 I ln comtnc elections.
Decenicer 31. 1S17. over aw.v"t acre
and
from the proscribed battle, are fined! where in rrance" the risht of fran
$25 to $30. but their sentences are! f" 'L ,n
PHOENIX. AtizJ Feb. -12. How the
Ftite cf Arizona is selling or leasia?
its vast domain of land to the settler
wh one hand, crd is loaning the
iconey thus received w;:h the ;her
to aid development is shown by fig-,
ures rectify compiled at tie state.'
land tiepartn.ent here. That aemin-i--'.ra:;cn
cf the state land cede under
pfW-ie cow beine carried oitt i5
work'ne to tie advaiitie cf te state
ss we'i as materially helping the cat
tle-growers, -shecT-raisers. sn-al! land
down, with tt balsnce nayable tn
?S annua! installments, with Interest of land were selected, on which there
cn dTed payments at ihe rate of was raid to the United States office
five p"r cent. Already over 3&1.000 ia fees alone $35T. Although the
ac-es have been fo'd fo a total por- expenses of Uie state land depart
chase pri?-e of $2."U.a32. or at an ment for the period mentioned were
averaes rate of better than $5.50 per preater than usual oiinj to the larse
acre. Of this ataount $31.0SS has acreage selected, they still fell short
been rafd. leavirR a balance due cf cf ;::c appropriation of $35,000 for the
$2HS.444. from 'which the state de- period, tnd wi'.h the present six
iiicn'bs, expenses less .than tn:s
ancunt. the cost of nia!cta:nia; the
:t te icr.d department will fall well
wi.hln the legislative appropriation.
rives an rin;ial income of approxi
mately $lftL0C'0. Interest payments
Pt .fir rem contracts naje th-
ypar before amounted to $41.02S and
d;ir:n? tve present year will trehl'
this smuost.
Of special interest to taxpavers o
It is also rumored that bil's to pay
i ex-defacto Gov. Campbell his salary
REFUSES INVITATION.
owners and dry farmers, is shown in ' Maricopa. Pima, Yavapai and Coco
a striking way. nino -counties is a summary of what
Out of a Iktle oTer mii'i.m dol- is beins done with respect to the
lars received from the sa-e arid rental million acre grant made by conere-"
of her lands. Arizona has loaned ha!" to re-'nhurse those counties for r!l
a million to fanners living in tea cif- road subsidy bonds Issued in the lat?
ferent counties of the fo-T-.en. and eighties and early nineties :.
in addition is financir.e the Lyn:an amcunt-nr in the aezTessate to up
irrigation prtj"t in Aj-ache county wards of three-quarters of a million
vith a loan of $15r. In other doKars. Cf the million acres set
words, sixtv rer cent of :h money . aside ty congress to reimburse these
Arizona has receied frori the st'e
and lease of land has r-ne riuht batk
into the pockets o f'.lie farmers to
help them develop their holdings. As
fan as the applications for 1-nns fn
be passed upon by the state loan
board, those accepted are granted and
four cc'jn;;e. 9P3.S12 have been se
lected !;y the s;ate. leaving only a
tii.lc o-cr 0"fl acres yet to be
ic f,.. Cf : e ccreage selectei
i By Review LMed xvire)
; Ol lSYlLLE. Ky.. Feb. II. The
rional Amateur Baseball assor:ia-o-.
hich is holding its annual nieet
"i here tonight, refused an Invitation
rrr.i the American Baseball fedrra
" t to send a cemmittee to th" an
meeting of the latter body at
Cleveland. February -3. to take up
he proposition of consolidating the
two organizations.
A counter proposal for fie appoint
ment cr a comrai.tee by beta bodies
se- to con"..!er the c :-olioation ;n:u:i"
p- at any time and place the federation
proximately 77.001 acres have been might suggest was then approved and
sold for a total purchase price of will he submitted at the federation
$.1."3.522 yet to be paid. Interest on meeting.
low the malefactor to invest the
" .,. " r"ind expenses or the trial would also
returns and exhibits to the court th",, introdum, at lh(. tra session,
certificates thus purchased, his cafe: -There is xbsolutelv nothing to such
U dismissed. ! rumors." said Gov. Hunt. -It is true
According to Mr. Babbitt. !ns,tnat some have urged the calling f
serves the two-fold purpose of beint , .m extra session of the legislature and
a reminder to the defendant that he.hen, were as many diffident reasons
wi'l endure for five years and farther.: pjven fr tne move as there were call
point out in the most considerate ers. A'l manner of pretexts w-ere civ
manner the more desirable course o:,en but as yet I fcnve heard none that I
law observance and thrift. ' coi' i consi.icr suff;c!er.tly Mrone.
The idea was readily recognized h"i "Of course, if there were any raal
Director Tritle as a valuable one at-.1 reason for it. I should not hesitate to
plans were forthwith made to adopt; call an extra session."
similar procedure in all the courts in-
the state. INSURANCE AT CAMP CODY.
By Imposing such fines, it is argued,
all the essentials of the legal sanc-j
ticn are carried out and are also
fraught with productive patriotism.
In Eisbee efforts will be nade to
ltv Review Lee1 TVlre
PKMIXG. X. XL. Feb. 12 Two hun
dred thirty-seven million dollars worth
of gjvernmenf insurance hss be' n
have City Magistrate Frank Thomas;
and Justice High co-operate in this I
taken by member? of 3"t nation
al guard division at Camp Cody here.
work It has been suggested that all. ha9 w j var
violators of the citf d county Spee.d Nk lmma can.ral hre. Ue;l
f.:3 K l.. " V tenant ?prech.r s.iid toni.-M he ex
winters oi lwcii win aiu ur m
eluded.
ASSISTANT PROVOST
(By Review Leased Wire
AYKE. Mass.. Feb.' 15. The ap
pointment or Major Jthinelander
Waldo, former police commissioner of
New York, as assistant provost mar
shal! generap in France, was an
nounced in dispatches received today
at divisional headquarters at Camp
j Devens. The appointment was made
by General Pershing.
risk insurance campaign here,
tenant Sprecher s.iid tor-S.-bt
pected to nd 1 suo'her M.Orfopoo rcr;H
of insnrpnee to this to!?! by t-d!ii"l.t
when the campaign closes. Tle mm
cer of so'diers of tne div'vuin who
have not taVen insursnce. the offU-er
declare!, is far fewer than l-'t.
Qf rlQGung
( - - k
Kc f 'BELlAEl-e' l
L-i .r. '
ft " :
HAVE DARK HAIR
ANDLOQK YOUNG
Nobo!y Can Tell When You
Darken Gray, Faded Hair ..
With Sage Tea.
The portable gas heater will take the chill off quickly and make the
dining room comfortable at meal time, and it will be found conveni-
ent, too, for heating the bed room and bath room. Any home with
out a central heating plant has use for a gas -heater. We carry sev
eral different types prices $1.75 to $9.00... See them as well as
ether gas appliances at our store.
Bisbee Improvement Co.
i
W hy surfer the handicap or looking
old. Gray hair, however handsome,
denotes advancing age. We all know
the advantages of a youthrut appear
ance. When the hair fades, turns gray
and looks dry. wispy and scracely
Just a few applications of Sage Tea
and Sulphur enhances its appearance
a hundred fold.
Either prepare the tonic at home
or eet from any drug store a larse
bottle or "Wyeth's Sae and Sulphur
Comnound." ready to ue; but listen,
avoid preparations put up by drug
gists as they usually use too much
sulphur, which makes the hair
sticky. Get "Wyeth's." which can al
ways be depended upon to darken
beautifully and is the best thing
known.
By using Wyeth's Sage and Sulphur
no one can possibly tell that you
, darkened your hair. It does it so
: naturally and evenly you moisten a
' sponge or soft brush, drawing this
through the hair, taking one small
t.strand at a time, which requires but
a few moments. Do this at night
and by morning the gray hair dis
I appears; after another application or
I two Its natural color Is restored an 1
: it becomes glossy and lustrous and
I you appear years younper. This
i ready-to-use preparation is a delight
ful toilet requisite and not a medi
cine. It Is not intended for the cure,
mitigation or prevention of disease.
WASH ASHORE
(TVr Revi. w" Leased Wire
LOXDOX. Feb. 12. The Press As
sociation says two bodies" of soldiers
from the Tnscacia. were , washed
ashore on the tuainlnnd of Scotland
last night. This brings the total of
bodies recovered to 163. ,
Flavor
Parity
Economy
The test cake
Cakes and economy and cd
cooking it 0 hand in hand, when
you use Cimltn instead of butter.
Here is a cake made with cup
Cottolene (instead of much more
butter) and twx C. Just try k
and see how ikh, flavory and cc
nomicd a cake can be.
RECIPE
Marble Cake
l cup Cottok-iw 1 .i cups flour
1 CUp SU3T
J-l cup milk
3 kvrl teavpoom
bakinz powder
teaspoon sJt
Cream Cottolene.adJ sugar gradually,
bratta yolks of eirss Hour sifted with
biking powdt and alt, alternately with
milk. Then the stiff whites. ToJi
this hatter add molasses and spices.
Pour into pan alteinatui i liht and dtrk
mixtures.
Goltolene
KiiM Good Crofting BrtUr"
At grocers in tins
oi convenient sues
ll teaspoon nutmeg
)-j teaspoon
cinnamon
1 tablespoon
nxJa
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Co Boston, Ouluth, Calumet
lOGAN A BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
You've Been Earning
For Years?
Has it cost you every dollar of it to live?
These are pertinent questions, but the man who
answers them honestly to himself will feel the time
has ccme to s'art a Savings Account with this bank,
save for the future and get 4 per cent Interest.
ThTrtk it Over!
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST CO?!?ANY "
P.Tain Street Bisbee, Arizona
BANK
Capital, Resources, and the Ability.
Character and Standing of the men who
conduct its affairs are what go to make
a strong banking institution.
Possessing all these qualities this
Bank invites j'our banking business.
BANK WITH US.
t
V.
i
ji
-
GOOD LUMBER IS
BCTTOM
AT THE
of oir aucoesa. Lew prices ma
help ome. but It's the fine qual
ity of our lumber that bring,
our customer back time and
attain. It pays s to sell rood
lumber. It will pay you better
ta buy it. It lasts longer and
la more satisfactory to work up.
Try us with an order and youH
come back when you want more.
Bisbca Lumber Company. nc
EMIL MARKS, MGR. LOWELL CAR 8T0P. PHONE M.
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Pair.tinc. Pper Manning, Tinting and
Sijr.s. Perfect Results. ModeratS Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y. W. C A.
P. O. Box 1531 Phone 739 FOUR
" THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 13, 1918.
j
Published Every Day Except Monday Ey the
State Consolidated Publishing Company.
CUM -FX A. CALX.
.Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
sse for republication of all newt dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights et republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act ot March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Adrance:
PER MONTH .75
THREE MONTHS : 2-25
SIX MONTHS . : 4.08
TWELVE MONTHS 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.59
SUNDAY (Our "Weekly) per quarter .75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
Wednesday Morning, February 13, 1918.
Paid For
The delivery or Russia to the Teuton is about com
plete. Lenine and Trotzky did not fan the kaiser. They
had the cunning to delay the transfer a few weeks and
they also had the courage to deliver the merchandise
at the Hunnish door. As to the price they received, no
one knows but these two cheap traitors and the kaiser
himself and the devil whom they all three serve. It
took a little time and a lot of talk, but at that it was a
quirk and easy Job.
And when one considers the consequences, not only
to Christendom in general and the allies in particular at
this time, but to Christendom and the allies for many,
many years to come, one is lost in the midst of sad and
perplexing reflections.
This Ru?vian pe.iae vrftb Germany vpci German
terms means, first of all. that every allied heart must
beat henceforth with but one stern, resolute, high pur
pose, and that every allied am must be nerved to strike
with the remnant of possible strength.
It meass that German and Austrian prisoners of war
in Russia to the number of about a million will soon be
released for service again in the kaiser's thinned and
shattered ranks. It means wheat and other foods, for
Germany and an outlet to the Pacific ocean in the east,
which is to say Vladivostok pon the Siberian coast It
means the withdrawal of practically all of the German
and Austrian troops from the Russian front and the com
plete downfall of Rumania.
And it means more than this. It means that, with
Germany dominating Courland and Poland and all the
northern seaports of Russia, that the Teuton can make
the Slav beg and pay and perform for all that he gels
henceforth as a nation. It means the Germanization of
Russia. It means that Germany can give up Alsace and
Lorraine and Belgium and northern France and all her
African colonics and pay indemnity to Belgium and
France and still be a greater victor in the war than if
she had held all these and broken the western front and
still not confiscated this Russian land and the Russian
ports.
It means that Germany must be beaten to her knees
now and crushed by the sllies or every glittering phantas
ma of her world dominion dream will surely come true.
Why? The answer is so simple that a schoolboy can
see and understand. With all the vast and fertile reaches
of land cf Courland and Poland and the Baltic provinces
under hand, and the thirty odd million Slav peasants of
these lands, hardy, prolific and pliant; docile, unimagina
tive, unknowing, servile, all ready for the German mili
tary machine and later for cannon fodder to hurl against
the world, that Germany - has just exactly that which
she larked, lands and men, granaries and trench carrion,
to beat down all civilized opposition to the empire cr
German kultur as interpreted by the German staff.
It if a terrible thing to contemplate, the far reaching
effects cf this unholy compact of these little tools,
Trotzky and Lenine. and their Teutonic master.
But the above is only the darker side. There are
compensations as well as potential possibilities in the
future that are cot altogether dark for the allied cause.
Charles Edward Russell, member of the Root commis
sion to Russia last year, became frightened to death and
uttered a squawk through the dispatches yesterday that
should not have been allowed to go beyond his own
foolish and frightened lips. He said, among other absurS
things, that Germany would muster four million men in
the west and overwhelm the allies with certainty now
that the Russian peace had been concluded. How The
French and English have five million men under arms
in the west now and the Americans a half million and
there are millions of reserves. Man for man, the French
and English have beaten the German in every pitched
battle since the first six months of the war.
Again. Russia will likely prove a burden instead of a
help to Germany for the next two years. Germany is
near starvation, but Russia is actually starving. Russia
has no topper or cotton or rubber or powder or air
planes or money or meat to give her new master: that
is. site has none right now. Rebellion, anarchy, socialism,
rapine and plunderlust are rampant all through tbe nation.
Russia's potentialities for German world dominion
lie in the future, not in the NOW. The war will be won
or lost in the west mithout Russia entering into it
further than she has already. This Russian peace com
pact or betrayal or bought and paid for drama, or what
ever one wishes to call it. only discloses German aims
and methods and seals Russia's fate. The allies have
been ready for it for a year, and expecting it any time.
They J'ave lor't Rvssia and gained America. A fierce
fight to a finish upon the Flanders front and the banks
cf the Rhine will solve the Russian and Balkan problems
for all time. And while this fight rages, the Russian man who has gone so far that he can
and Austrian and German workingmen and socialists nol turn back is Colter long ago he1
and anarchists and radicals and all that ilk who were cut loose. I
betrayed by Lenine and Trotzky and the Bolshevik! T'-e kc;-, as ue have explained be-'
dummy to the auiocra's will be anything but a help to fore, is Hunt. Rather than risk S'.u
'ie world conquering kaiser behind his military lines. Iter he will uuioufcted'y cr..cr ;!:c i:;;:.,
The German cause is unholy; and if the allies set Rather than risk anybody whom Cantp
thelr teeth and fight on with all their heart and strength bell can beat, he will run. He hates
the end will come sooner than most people espect. anyone suspected of not being in
sympathy with his policies r.ny: e ;
t
- - , , , .,rr . . , 'v.h.ni he cannot d:cta:e to. He tes
The Bohheviki liCampbiU-. 18 iraid of both-
ine situation is interesting, an 1
' no one knows what the morrow will'
.J It ring forth." !
TAKING BACK THE ANSWER
Peril Passes
Anyway, the Bolshevik! did one good thing when they 1
unmasked and delivered the Russian goat to the Hunnish j
Writing from Chicago, A. S. Um-
lion to be eaten at his leisure. They showed to the world bree, former L W. W. leader in the
the cheap, weak, woeful, cowardly, deceitful, dirty faces ' Warren District, subscribes for T:e
cf the leaders of freedom movement for the workingmen. Review and remarks at the same tim;
These leaders who overthrew a weak czar in order to ' that "we believe we can get our
sell out to a strong kaiser. If the Bolshevik! had been ' money's worth in amusement frcra
honest and sincere patriots with the good of newly freed your editorial columns." If he can get j
people at heart they would have died raUier than give valuable amusement from these;
in to such peace terms. They had the chance to advance. ' columns he is more than welcon.e. '
their cause to a point where it would have had to be ! They are directed to open warfare '
reckoned with by the world. But, as this column predict- upon him and his kind. It may be
ed some weeks ago, they merely dickered and delayed 'amusing to him. this honest effort t-
enough to save their faces, and then did as the German defend home, town and country, but
junkers commanded them to do. These radical iabor : u is serious with this newspaper Em-:
leaders and orators and anarchists ana socialists and bree writes upon stationery labeled.'
shouters who composed the Bolsheviki and allowed the j "Metal Mine Workers' Union. NY. S00. '
cheap little contemptible upstart, Trotzky. to be their industrial Workers of the World.
mouthpiece, bad simply muddled and mixed and undone Judging from which, the rape and
all governmental things to such a degree that they did t ravishment of the mine workers uni-'
i
not know what else to do. They had destroyed their own on by the I.W. W. must be complete.
armies and dismantled their own workshops and factories ;
rnd looted or burned their own munition plants and ware- J Late dispatches narrate the dis
houses. In other words, the socialist, or L W. W. plan !astroUs defeat of seven separate local
attacks by the crown prince :n tne
vicinity of Verdun. How often, oh.
how often, will this shred of the houe
of Hoheczollern send forward waves
of his hapless men against the rock
Uat Vauban years ago told Fre lr.i
k'ug would break empires? As lona "
Even with coal selling at the price the Swisi have to !as e world stands Verdun will haunt' '
pay, which is thirty-eight dollars per ton. its heat calories 'and rack the royal sleep of Gornany
and capsules and capacities, for cooking, beating or ana tt the same time it will btaad !
otherwise, are cheaper than Bisbee gas. Is it higher on as a glorious rainbow of promise foi
France. Considering the fact that he
. .-ir .r' -"'"."r" ".v-vv ""'""'
of wealth and Industry and government for the masses
had made of Russia a ripe plum for the German auto
crats to pluck. Ana. with a sardonic -err. they have
plucked that plum. May God have mercy upon
peasant and the pcor workingman of that same Russa.
Amen!
State and County News Briefs
account of the war?
has never won a battle, the crown :
Ben prince is a great general.
County Briefs
r.ecessarv to bring other ore from n1 J!e "big blaze" must take place
Stone's Pass many miles away, hne outside the corporate limits ot the city
the old dump shows that considerable ' Thoenix.
ore was treated Mr. Hancock says it
.Mrs. G. H. Kirst. county probation was not regarded as a success. Mr.
Dr. Rosa Bnido was arraigned before
of'icer. in company with Mrs. Gtt rge Hancock is justice of the peace at Par- jua;ic; wh-eler at 1 o clock Mondav
Ashley of D.,ugU. have gone to Court- adise and also pc1Ila:er. .Mrs. H n- .Aeroon on he charge o.tTenSng
land and Wi.kox. Mrs. Hirs ul at-1 cock is tne daughter of Cel. Mi.e to perform an illel rn,r,ti n iJt
Who was the greatest American, Washington,
Franklin or Lincoln? All three of these mighty memories j"
have their supporters. Each did greatly the vital work yte champion lazy man has been
God sent him to do for this republic Ech one of them ' founl Sn the person of David Sloan. Z PK- Fort ZT
wrought for freedom. Each one would enter heart and arrested in Los Angeles for vasraccy visit fnends. (country where he -recent :y soul the of ju.ocO and the preliminary hearing
soul into the work this country is committed to today. aad theft. He admitted that he had The resjIiir niy tnrhvn- ex. j at tonefa'her: lS ? C "uEprnt
for unless we succeed their work was all in vain.- worked onlv six months in the past animations wiU-oe : held I at Toaibsione ! oayleyville with Tom Whiuheau cnJ pp. Boi,i0 and when the matter of fix-
" ., , . . -Monday and Tuesday N arch 4 nu a. tne lwated a ranch in Wood canyon ,a3 wentlonea by the court.
It is declared that the Anabaptists of the middle ages - - leader.
were the original BolshevikL They were a turbulent lot I
of agitators, given to every species of licentiousness, j
superstition and violence, and were imprisoned, dispers- j JIffS SeiTUe
ed and killed by the European nations of France. Eng- j
land. Germany and Italy where they broke forth. Maurice j
Hewlette wove his famous Captain Brazenhead nove. j
about the killing of a lot of these Anabaptists by the
. animations' saoultl notity Miss LUie ! remained for ten vears or more.
loies. county superintendent, at onve canle to Paradise with the Nh:t!
He
in
so that the necessary
can be r.iUe.
reasonable amount. "Bail will be fixed
at J15.UM)." announced Justice Wheel-
Thrift Stamps
redoubtable captain in the palace halls of the Duke of I
Milan. Hewlette 'describes them as big men. dirty and !
hairy and wild of the eye and speech aafi ferocious as j Arizona have banded together to make Chief East says
wolves. The description fits the Petrograd rioters,
agitators and looters of this day pretty well. too.
arrangements J and enraged in the hotel business er
I He built a two story not el wnu-n was
i I burned down a few years ago. Speak-
Ninoty-nina arrests were made 1 y j jng of the Leadville group, owned by The east-bound Sunset Limited train
the police department of Douglas dnr-1 Mr. Walker, it should have been stat- of the Southern Pacific was wrecked
ing the month of January, according ! ed in connection with that property by derailment Sunday nisht IS m:Ies
' to the monthly report of J. H. East. ; tftal 37 cars ( ore have been shipped west of Gila Bend, near Esttvlla. Th
Akiur ni imitM tn tha mniniiin miinri). . fwm , k. ti k'.i.v n ohservatinn rir and a standard Pull
Of? WpflllPllmi Growing out of these arrests. $14C The international! man were turned over on their side.
Jll If CUf (tOUK f was cojiected in fines. During the1 Another standard Pullman and the dr.-
! month r 15 meals were fed to prisoners" er were derailed. Four persons were
at a cost of s4.i. Ten regular men , -f,f)t mf) VlTaC sP!'y mjurea. ineyare:
j . 1 w Mri Gwnre st. Lcy. Yuma, arm
bruised and nervous shock.
The Pima county trial jury will con- . Mi Franco. Yuma, right shoulder
vene today for the consideration ot injured.
about one hunJred cases. Seveutv- r. .u. Alien, ajo. Ana. oaca rem 11-
Elks lodges throughout the state ot were employed on the police force.
One of the most brilliant functions
was the
POLITICAL GOSSIP.
: tomorrow a special day for a thrift
111 UA I lUl V, J . . .. u .
1 Flks art- urred to assist in helcine the ........ v . ; n;a.t .n k.. : fiv nn ar in th n.-nl laxTHi and n cut.
- - i4tiC UAH feltru iuuuai uiem ivv j - ... . f w. rv I w InMtltM Ka k
iBisbes lodge lead the state for stamps of Gen. P. Eiias Calles. his staff and most of them are new to the work. ; -Muuanry. los Angeiea. oaik
. , , . k ....k... . t wrenched.
sola tnai na. sijl uicuioria vl uic wi 1
Several local business men have ties from the state of honora. There, c C. Johnson, formerly actin
n"' " aue- " n PaPr. "e A- -ews. m.d it . mie to keen some stamDs in were alwut twenty couples trora Ioug-trict manager of the Mountain Slate-
about political affairs generally over the state, delivers their pockets all the time and when- las. and the socially elect of the bor- Te.ephone and Telegraph company at
The accident was due to a broken
rail.
It is commonly reported that State Senator Chas. PFel for 25 cents and after starting Monday morning.
a thrift raril one 1a almost sum to
M. Roberts of Willcox has shied his hat into the guber- purchase other stamps hater until pos-
Tne : Tucson, will ieave Sundav for Leis- When Dr. Lorenzo Boido faiUd to
Isellin- them one or more of these bail was given at tne .Moaerno noiei. ton. Mor.t.. to become district i.ianag- appear in Judge Manforo s aivtshn or
; stamps Hardly anyone can resist an Danciug was enjoyed until 4 o clock er there for the company.
I
.i . .. - . ' .In. ! ... - r Inwn K'prrt Tr.K' M t Thl . T.i..n
v: , , . . . , . . . .. i ever meeiinc or laimnr. to anvonfc -. ui ....n
nimveu ui ijiiiiimiiim inn nrwiininnR inn rpi prrinni as D - . , . . i , . i .
follows:
the superior court this morning, to he
tried on one of three criminal charges.
a t.irt nipt-n .1 inifi I: i. t r r ivi his boud of $7.5(M wis declared torleit-
The fame of Jack Kintcn. sign rair.t- out on "the Ajo nad. west of Inuiun hv tn t nd n prn,r
n.tori.1 ring. Charlie is some pc.iticUn. and if he makes sessing enough to exchange . tie caro ?tZ?n "l ,T Wo thV
for a war savings stamp bearing in-
the campaign his -smoke will be seen. No alleged candt- tertct
, . . . . . !
6 rc e ocl "ecora- huge t ulletin. calling attention to the cf Ajo. who sei.t word to the pt lice
the ear of Governor Hunt than Roberts. It Is therefore Thrift stamp sales in Jerome. Ariz., necessity for food conservation. Tiie yesterday.
are establishing a record ttiat wui entire work, including tr.e construct-
. k. .. . . . i I I t I . . ... ' ,h., r, u wi! ! . .....
I aLc uiai in uii me iui iii i iT-t- tun vicvuuii v !- ww... - j ijji. pic-vie t'ittio, ari'.v.l
his talents to a patriotic cause, and wneel c-ved in. according to II. J. nen:t oi Mant-cpa wumj. or. twiuo
this is hew he happened to paint a Vincent, who reported to Fred War-er. is hv' ,kn refuge in Sonora.
.Mexico, soon alter ne was reieaseu vu
bord.
certain that If Roberts makes the race be thinks Hun
will not bo a candidate, tor be would not openly make the , ters. T.fe Jerome people .lave enter- as the artistic execution of the leH.'r-
race against his chief. There are those who think Hunt . ,ato p!rit of the thrift stamp ing was .entirely '""'7.
; and war savings stamp campaign with A photograph of the bulletin wa
will yet run, and in such event It would be interesting a rst that promises that place first taken and sent to the federal IikkI ad
to see what Robert, would do. once in the race, as j -in ; 10:
Charlie cannot be accused of being a quitter. Roberts Is j a letter to M F Casidv from al Washington together wi'h a letter
a radical. - I Harry R- Tritle. state director of this PvinS ,he n!e "f ',aif.er f ) ,
. ' campaign w ith headquarters in Phoe-. fuggeatitm that the same idea co ..d.
in tne meantime, mends of Fred Salier of Bisbee nix the plan bv whU h ,he Jeronle peo-
are urging him to make the race. Sutter is called a con- ; pie have forged to the fore is out
I lined.
n Phoenix late Monday aft n noon. He
is accoinpanii-d by his si-ter. Th-y
went in owr the A;.iche trial fm:u
GlPhe anil left on the evening tr.tin ior
Pa sad '::a. where they .pect to spend
the ensuing thrt e numths at the Hut.l-
lr. IWdo Is wanted on two bastardy
charges and on a charge of bribery.
The hriVry charge was the outgrowth
of tho hearing in justice court ot the
h isra-.'y esses, when, it is alleevd. he
ffered Justice of the Peai-e Wheeler
an amount of money to dismiss the
c.ises pending against him.
now first
runs.
"The Sutter talk came first, and H may be that Hunt,
opposing Sutter and gathering alarm.. Tethoucht himselr
of Roberts, a Cochise county man, as being the one man.
their Day checks and for which thev sergeant of hpa,lUir,ers company. ; naa gone clear through his body. title of
tneir pa incks ana ror wnicn 'J31lM fi,.ld artnierv. Camp Funston. I him fn
receive thrift and war savings stamps. 7 lu ' ' '. ., .,, . ..it ' 11
u . . V.: has returned on furlough for a icit. A Iir ,,-iiience at the state tMnil-n ; ty s wo
.uaiij uu "Cic li'iuii-rij uuiuuj; inrii . .,. ,k ,i ih.. ro-iti..nl i . . ... . , ... vT; . ; ,j . i j i
( . uiiuftiii tiary HI t lorence was ir.iposoii on r.r , lumrr rn o imuiw in urirnic-
s at me cpri almost exclusively of Ariziv 1 mor .ier0n by Judge Stanford in the ment of his special interests. The
x saings na meu may jpjve soon for France. Superior court Monday murr.ing tor granting of the degree and honor was
to the man's chest near th heart, and it was decided to confer on him the
title of Dean Emeritus, which liberates
from the routine of the unlversi-
,rk and permit him to devote
ington hotel. i
' The great work of Dean R. H.
At Wrxihinirtiin i":ii:n a ti-w l.,vs Forh.v of the I'niversitv of Arizona.
lie carried out by patriotic sign pan;:- n .,,,...i v .r:ii,. a f...ini in ih nnhnil.lin of ih aLiriiliural
crs elsewhere to-good effect. : rj,i in front of a house near the null, rlenartinent of the university durinc
i .i lone luu-her knife with which the the is years of service tn the south-
servative. but his vote and election from Cochise county . ' ,. r ,h -.m.nl' Caleb C. Rice, son of II. II. Rice, for- ( homicide had been committed lvi.ig i west. w:as recocnizeti Monday at the
. nr twn . , . i Khw ,h., . i.rA have r.ledcp.l mnnt.hlv .nA wmi.mnnih. i meny nipiojea in inr oi m ut,- UOar. The Unite ha.l oeen p.ungeit in- meeting or me noara oi regents wnen
i rt.,n.ti.,n " ..tH fmm Us and Dixon & t ompany.
u.juinj vi iuv . iv. 1 1115 uicu VI u 1 o 1 aiiu luc iuuui 1
voted for him, as well as the conservat.ves. All classes.
rv.n.K- i.. mnfi,i.n i- c.... i .h. Many who were formerly putting
surplus in savings account!!
mmeaiy a Drainy man ue must oe ret koned w ltn it ne hanks are now starting war
I accounts ana increasinz tne size oi Tms hope is lvas(M! on ihe fact that Rlllrder of William IVav. a Glen- brought about by the request for his
, these eaih pa day. . jn an jnspecliou of the camp recer.;ry Jale rHncher. in Kwemi er. Pierson assistance by the Egyptian govern-
Other States Busy. itnade by the inspector general, the recently confessed to the crime, stst- ment in connection with the growing
Practically every man woman and:34'th regiment was declared most (it ing ,h-t bis min,j nuj fc,.,,,, p;fl,w; 0f wheat along the Nile valley.
child in Jerome has one or more thrift " leaving at once for Frame to com-' hy munlr s,ries. che-p novels and
stamns ahil. manr J,av nnmornus Plete training there. Of tfurse It w as lri-k He stated that hr shot ar.d Th nttine of trials occupied the
pot:sfbly. who stood a show of defeating Sutter for the i wa FaVins stamps "with one man hav-:n1 U!- ',ne lKvf "re on Killed Peay while under the iiuluei.ie district court Monday Charged
II wan m .i ..... i..il)r iiK ........tin. -tin ftilf r,f IK. 1 nilMl
States. H. loois. tun Kevllla a,mt
nomination. Who knows?
ing saved over S1.00 out of his wace e 11 uas V . cf Uquor.
. . .mint Pliment to in siaie 01 .uun.
"As to Sacks: Of all the candidates or alleged candi- ... lh ,, , ...1 the other IVmglas Ikivs w no n-ve re Th(. s,.rtj.1)i: f k,i;,,(s jn Aruoi.a's i,iar sianz will he tried Februarya
dates. Colter is presumed to have ;i.e longest -0 iS'" ZZ? TTjZ lTtZ
Roberts is by no means poor man. but he knows how ; '..." , .K clothed, busy, contented ami have the ,erod ,(),a. bv Jll(tl,, Stanford of the ine ,B), enemv tradinit act. will be
. .v. . . , . . . , . 1 ,' ... . - , oest coionei put. 1 -- Ui,.nor court. Iwfore whom the case
iv w " - - j " - .... . ... v. . i i - . -. u .1. . ......... Mu cnangeanie. i i n; . i s uit-.m
he will not spend much. On the other hand. Colter is
well off. is a good mixer, and spends fast an 1 eagerly.
Osborne hasn't a great amount of this world's goods, but .
is strong with the 'common people. He is l ing low, ',
however, while he watches the big chief and waits. We t
think he will nut run for governor this time. The onlv I
and baby bonds.
The Christian
Kndeavorors of Illi
nois have designated the entire month
tried February IS For the same of-
had its inception, to burn all ballots ((.nse. Cornelius Kellv will be tried
' except those from Yuma and Coconino Kehmary II. A B. Tovelli and Jacob
Mr. Hancock now ranks us the real counties. Officials of those coun-ies us Muheiiu on February 14. For other
t.tiim.itr i.f f K. lrMilis rnunirv ' be hu.l nrvioiisTv reniiested that these .i.nnnrt- nrrn.M rhimn Flinw ami
f Felniar- as Thrift and Self Denial (irsl rmr. t w hit was om e known as ballots be ret i rued to th.m. together v:va tii wit! bo triel February Jl.
Montn. I'eople are urged to ct'rtai' i::tvtrVville in IsM Her was the first wiih other voting paraphernalia. Sher- rhris Mohr Fehruarv IS. lxla Hardy
all useless expenditures, deny them- luj,",jn"K known in the t hincahuas. A iff W. II Wi'.ky ami a bailiff of the Kebruary' Tesie Wanlell February
selves extravagances and use this ,.aj.81Ver smelter was erect etl and op- superior court will have charge of the i,ij Cjirrisnv February 15. Earl
iniMiey in buying stamps to aid the gov- (.nted for a time, but to treat the ore desiriHtion of the ballots, an-o'- i'.ii h I'.ratto. February Frances
t rcrai n'..
iron
th oM l-ii; lyx i'.'.e n-.tsu-
v as 0 oiiler."- Ui f-.ir'.h.t-r s;-vci'. Mu-'.; r Ftbruaty r
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 13, 1918.
FIVE
V
X
i
t
t
i
I
5
WITNESS CLAIMS
16 HOUR Li
FREELYJIOLATED
(Continued from rage One)
sought other employment. In 1S90.
Mr. Shea said, switchmen performed
. approximately 4.tK0.Ow) ton miles of
J irork tor every Jl.OoO paid them, but
in 1913 the labor had increased to -000.000
ton miles tor the same ray. He
contrasted the labor ol stoking one of
the great modern machines on a fast
schedule run. with the old days when
a small engine pursaed its peaceful
way throughout the country and the
fireman was at liberty to take off his
that he would answer the question in
his testimony.
Mr. Shea reiterated that time and
half for overtime was desired only as
a penalty to discourage long hours of
work. He said he knew of an instance
where a train took twenty hours to
reach a terminal and another where
six hours was required to gel inio the
yards after the terminal was reached.
Findings of the eight hour commis
sion, headed by Major General Goeth
als. were attacked again by Shea, whc
said manv of the statistics in the com
mission's report on the working of the I
Adamson law were furnished by the
railroads.
CONFIRMATION
OF ROSS ACTION
HAD
DISPATCH
entered into on account of public,
works undertaken in Vkraine or se
cures cn property there. j
Nationals shall be compensated for
losses sustained through the war laws
or infractions of international us. ;
Merchant vessels which were interned i
ht the outbreak of the wsr shall be I
retimed uh their cargces to tiieir j
owners.
"I'LL SEE YOU 1VIIEX YOU RETURX FROM
BERLIX." SAYS DUX.E TO OUR SAMMIES
(Continued from Pair Oik)
STEP LIVELY! CORNS
QUIT WITH "GETS-IT"
WANT DOUBLE TIME.
rtr Riw Leaded Virv
PHIl ADELFHIA. Feb. 12. More
than 6OC0 workmen at shipbuilding
flsnts at Gloucester. N. J, and Wil
mington. Del., refused to work today
because double nav for holiday work
t?.d been denied them.
further for their despatch to the it'ter
I lor of Russia, in accordance with ibf The Great Corn-Loo', ener of he Age. j
general plan for demobilization. For Never Fails. Painless. ;
'the defense of the frontier seme ie Watch my step? Wbats the use?' I ;
mington plant
tachments of younger soldiers must go "risht side up without care, even
be left. ; because I use "Gets-lt." the painless. I
"I beg our soldier ccmrades tc re off-like-a-banana peel corn remover. I j
main calm and await with patience : tried other mays galops, until I was j
the moment of the return to each de-;blue in the face and red in the Joes. ;
.v -,ritachment to it? home in its turn. I . o more tor me. i se
At the wil- K ,... ff w a never fails. Touch any corn or callus.
boots and go to sleep in the sun when ' ttat the union agreement called for
V . t H'beg that no effort be spared t
the employers held,. .ftrM .. ,,'
a siding was taken.
Complains of Wages
"Wages of $2.60 a day do not cover
the actual living expenses of a mar
ried man." Shea said. "Our men can
leave the railroads and get work in
factories at $4 a day. under better con
ditions and working shorter hours.
Yet. we are performing a service that
is vital to the country's welfare."
Conditions such as these, he declar
ed, caused the labor turnover encount
ered by the Erie in the last six months
of 1917. when 8 i0 men were employ
ed and 8.700 quit. He quoted a circu
lar letter sent out by General Manager
Baldwin to all his superintendents
which said transportation was
double pay on only six holidays New
Year's Wasfcinptcn s Birthday. Inde
pendence Day. Labor Pay. Thanksgiv
ing ard Christmas. The men. how
ever, insisted upon their demand and
remained away from work.
SYNDICALIST LEADER ARRESTED
i Pv Rrrfe-w leased Wlrel
COPENHAGEN. Feb. 12. The po
lice today arrested the leader of the
Syndicalists who escaped yesterday
during the riots in which between 0''.
000 and Sft.000 persons attempted to
storm the treasury, plunder shops and
enter the royal palace. Among those
arrested was Christian Christensen.
being d'101" l tn Syndicalist newspaper
tied up. fuel was being delayed, lac
tones working on war materials were
being forced to suspend, because of
careless employes
Solidarity.
.... . . . J w ...
into Ihe stores all artillery and other, ,wo orpPs ol .
military equipment which cost mil- ' me nri. .l ,
lions of Lie peoples' monev. P "ln ",aK. v!
-Remember that only systematic tQem bIeed- fPi f.iv Ve and i
, . . . , ' Dackaes and using sticky tape ana i
demobiliat on can be carried out in removes any corn clear and j
the shortest time and that system ic ,eav,n ,he toe as gmooth S8
terference with the sending of toi
supplies to those detachments which
remain for a certain period on the
front."
FIGHT IMMINENT
iPt Iview I.raal Wire!
COPENHAGEN. Feb. 12. A dispatch
to the National Tidende from Malmo
says Finnish civil guardsmen from Ny
Russians is imminent.
GLEANS YOUR HAIR
MAKES IT BEAUTIFUL,
THICK, GLOSSY, WAVY:
"indifferent and
leaving the road.
-We investigated. particularly
around Youngstown. O," the witness
. continued, "and found that the engine
K men were not so negligent as reported.
We found that large numbers of mm
refused to work under conditions of
fered them, especially new men. We
found that one enrinerr had three fire
men on a single eipht hour shift. e
found that one newly employed man
threw away his shovel when he le?n
ed that his wages wouid be $2 6). say
ing he could get tt in the factory."
Commissioner McChord asked thit '
a copy of the general manager's leiftr j
be furnished the interstate commerce
commission.
Pleads For Hostlers
Shea made an especial plea for the
hostlers who take care of engines
while not in actual service. The safe-
tnin Honorific larlv On I V t
hostlers treatment of an engine, he Surely try a "Danderine Hair !
said, adding: ; Cleanse" if you wish e immediately!
-The fact that some railroad ofti- double the beautv or your hair. Just
cials are willing to employ a class of m0,stell m cloth Danderine anJ '
labof as hostlers whom th-y fc tully through your hair,
not permit to take care of their pii- ' ..
rate automobiles indicates the diffei- tin? one small strand at a time; ,
ence between their official and person- this will cleanse the hair of dust. d;rt I
al attitsds." or ary eice&sire C.U In & lew minutes ,
The witness asked that a minimum you will be amazed. Your hair a il! :
wage of $$.50 be given hostlers to oh- wavy, fluffy and abundant and
(By Review Leased Wire)
"AMSTERDAM. Feb. 12. The sup
plementary treaty provided for under
article seven of the treaty of peace be
tween the central powers and the l"k-.
raine. according to Berlin dispatches,
has to do with the resumption of con
sular relations, the various parties re-
serving the right, on the ground of
military necessity, not to allow the ad
mission of the consuls of other coun
tries until the conclusion of a general
peace.
All legal relations as between credit- i
'your palm. You can wear those mt
shoes without pain, dance and be
friskv on your feet. It s great to use
"Gets-It." 1
"Gets It" is sold at all druggists (
tyou need pay no more than 2a cents
a bottle, or sent on receipt of price'
. by E. Lawrence & Co, Chicago. 111.
Adv.
r . ' 1
i
r i r 1
l xJ. XJ,.
I ANGIUS
PUR
00D
2
PHONE 23
I'
- .. s
sted have crossed to the Aland is-'or and debtor are restored and after
lands, where an engagement with the the ratification of the peace treaty the
payment of state obligations, and es
pecially those relating to the public
debt, are to be resumed. A special
agreement will be made regarding
property settlement, in view of tte l'k-
ra.nes proposed disccssicn ot this
Excess of hydrochloric add
sour ths food and forms
oases.
I
Duke of Con naught reviews Aaaerfcaa troops.
It wasnt as formal as it looks, this review of American troops by the
Duke of Connaught, former governor freneral of Canada. Tha duke waa
telline the boys he'd see them ajrain after they pot back from Pans when
the photo was taken. On his inspection trips the duke expressed keen
appreciation of the type and quality of our warriors.
, ! 'cleaning, pressing
REPAIRING.
CENTRAL
TAILORS
NELSON A JOHNSON. Prop.
SUITS MADE TO ORDER
Fourth Door Below Hillman's Ciaar
i I Stand.
:
! much like garbage sours in a can. is effervescing, and furthermore, to
forming acid fluids and gases which continue this for a week. hue reliet
Undigested food delayed in the
stomach decays, or rather, ferment
the same as food left in the open air.
says a noted authority. He also telU
us that indigestion is caused by Hy-
subject with other parts of the former per-acidity. meaning, there is an ex
I Russian empire. But in any case Vk- cess of hydrochloric acid in the stom-
raine will take over as between Ger- ach which prevents complete aigesuon
mans any obligations which have been and starts food fermentation. Thus
' inflate the stomach like a toy balloon.
! Then we feel a heavy, lumpy misery
in the chest, we belch up gas, we eruc
tate sour food or have heartburn.
ulence. water-brash or nausea.
He tells us to lay aside all digestive
aids and instead, get from any phar
macy four ounces of Jad Salt and
i take a tablespoonful in a glass of wat
er before breakfast and drink while it
everything eatfn sours in the stousaca
follows the first dose, it is important I
to neutralize the acidity, remove the
gas-making mass, start the liver, stim
ulate the kidneys and thus promote a
free flow of pure digestive juices.
Jad Salts is inexpensive and is made
from the acid ot grapes and lemon
juice, combined ith lithia and sodium
phoshate. This harmless salts is used
by thousands of pecjie for stomach
trouble with excellent results.
SUIT PRESSING
CLUB
We mill clean ONE suit and
pros TWO suits for
$2.00 PER MONTH
Phone 818 or 3S6
and we will CALL FOR and
DELIVER.
ELECTRIC DYE
WORKS
BREWERY GULCH.
Try this! All dandruff dlsap
l j l &
pear sura iop
coming out.
iT"jjir-,rTrriM
tain a good class of men. The general
possess, an incomparable softness, :
i
increase of 10 cent and the mi!i lastre"and luxuriance
lmuni wage 01 i " n 1 nr-ii-T-. - . , . . . . ,
... . , , ',... in Ih Besides beautifying the hair, one ap-
said. should apply to negroes m me . . ,
southwest as well as to the whit fire- plication of Dandenne dissolves every
7 7
oil!
THE ARIZONA OIL & REFINING COMPANY IS DRILLING it will continue to drill this company is 60 days
ahead of any other company in the field it is 0 days nearer the oiL
lOo-Arizona Oil and Refining Co. 10c
Fay 10c now and 10c when we strike oil in commercial quantities. We d?llver certificates upon payment of first 10c
6!
Piano and Player-Piano
Tuning. Regulating and Repairing.
WORK GUARANTEED
HERBERT GRIBBLE
' Phona 691
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor & Builder
Estimates furnished o alt classes
of Buildings.
SEE ME LAST
Phor Green 7S2.
men elsewhere. When he sassesfd
that the benefits of the Adam; on law
should be extended to the ne;.-t fire
men Commissioner Irvington interrupt
ed to say there was no doubt cf the
application of the Adamson law to all
classes of firemen.
"How can we enforce it 7" asked
Shea.
"Apply to Director General Mcvdoo"
answered: Secretary Lane.
particle of dandruff; nvigorates the i
scalps stopping itching and fa! -ing hair. '
Danderine U to the hair what fresh
showers of rain and sunshine are to ,
vegetation. It goes right to the roots.
invigorates and strengthens them. Its !
exhilarating, stimulating and life-pro-1
ducing properties cause the 'hair to '
graw long, strong and beartifuL
Ytm can surely have pretty, soft.
Mr. Lane wanted to know why re- lustrous hair, and lots of it. if you will
gros were not permitted to become get a j.man 0oule of Knowlton's '
engineers. . . f 4. . Danderine from any drug store or '
neers' brotherhood, who will testify
tomorrow, replied from the ?udience
toilet counter and try it as directed.
(Advertisement)
SOME ODD RECORDS WERE MADE BY,
THESE AMERICAN LEAGUE ROXMES
7
Bk mi
z mi
r
k
Vjarw;
I X 4' "'"I mSi AXilAiL '
.... r
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
Onr Shop Is New
and Sanitary
We will appreciate your patronaga
and assure you of courteous treat
ment. SUNSET BARBER SHOP
(Woolworth Bidg Main Street)
C Rosenbarger, Propr.
s:
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
?!
PHOTOGRAPHIC REPRODUCTION OF THE ARIZONA OIL & REFINING COMPANY'S
JANUARY 27, 1918.
STANDARD RIG AND EQUIPMENT. TAKEN
f '
THESE SHARES WILL BE ADVANCED
CtlNKllA!. SKCl U1T!!:S INYKSTMi NT ClVtlVU ATiON.
, rox :u. rnoKxix. Arizona.
1!1
l . nu .ny
of the New York -r-N" " C
Ed Klepfer of the X T? s
iaas (above) and &
h of tae Chicago --
Left. Slim Ive
Yanks: riiht.
Clevebnd Indi
Dave Danforth of the Chicag
White Sox.
Quite a number of unusual i-itchinjr performances were recorded in the
American leajrue last year and the record made by Dave Daruorth is likely
to stand for some while to come. Danforth had part in more gamrs than
v
It
any other pitcher in the leajrue, hlty, and yet he pitcnea only one complete m
game. He won eleven of the games he worked in and starred throughout W
the season as a rescue artist, klepfer of Cleveland had part in forty-one ; fi
rmes and vet he did not pet credit for one complete pame. Slim Love of ft
Yanks penonr.ea in liiny-inrce ana sunru nu i.:i:.itu i -i : -vyjaii n t
as drilling progresses very materially in two weeks time we predict an advance of at least 5c.
Application is being made for listing on the New York curb so that when the company strikes oil. Iradip.g will
immediately start if not before. Already brokerage houses are asking for the shares.
ALL EYES ARE UPON THESE NEW' OIL FIELDS
The ARIZONA OIL & REFINING COMPANY is
practically financed. W hen the reservations and op
tions made by wire and by mail are taken up. within
the next few days, the company should have sufficient
money in its treasury to finance its first well to a depth
of 3000 feet. These shares rsre worth 10c today. Any
corr.par.y's s!. -ires, where they have a complete equip
ment and are drilling, are worth par value ard more
and anyone is willing to pay ar. additional amount when
oil is struck in commercial quantities.
General Securities and Investment Corporation
Second Floor. Chanber Cometc Bu:lc"p Fhocniv Ariiara.
BISatE OFFICE MOCSF HOTEL
STRONACH & BARNARD. Agents.
l?:e
here'y n'.Hke ampli ation for o:i.' a.-re :j t.r
! ar'- i'f the t"ai"':a'. Stork i f Ar'i-n.- Ot1 i-r. ! Hr'
l, tori's jvr sl.are. jayab 10 r-i.! r r t:
10 lerts r"r s"are ! :s a:s
J- .t'- is::
pro u '.m
1
li.n:t
It' rt.:
.1.1
P
i " chit .
,r.i:::.-:i .'a
..- -j v.:
1 -n-lo.-
a;iK'. i'-a!.! n-
a il'i.:i-
. p..
W ATKINS & BERGQUiST
Jewelers and Opticians
EYE NERVE GLASSES
I fit glasses without
dm, drops or dang
er, and guarantee at-
i.-laction.
ITiones: Orrice 15S.
Residence Black 4:o.
OR. R. GLAZE. Ophthalmologist.
Upstairs, Over Wool worth's Store.
HENESSEY
UNDERTAKING PARLORS
Robert Henessey, Prop.
f ! Opposite Depot Ambulance
KICHESTSR B PILlS
tut IHlkW KHlMk
! V a.. -i .; irt -T
a. (!:! Ill -TVB
SADftrs.cisn'-jaaiiia
AAAAAAAAAAAM
.i'ir
S ..:
V'l !'. lv 'V t
votment t'orpuratum
t'J.4. ! t tl'f
t r 1 S-vi.r l:v
ii'i; i
li
I
i ).r,i3Pt?s,tj
1 1
S Am
CATARRH
OF THE
o LADDER
Eir.CTsiSi
24. Hours
Kr.lb1W;;)
uaiaa vV
I
! THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 13, 1918.
SIX '
-.
LLOYD-GEORGE
IS HECKLED BY
THE COMMONS
; house cf commons to support tne Itov-1
ernment In Us determination, first of
I realized t.at our new armv had been'8"' tf"at wnen difficulties of this kindl
entrnsfed h v. France with the defense come ,0' re to .carnfd 1
. . . -, . . .... ,,Jout and are not to oe reveaiea to tne
' 1 - - ----- - .pnemr in order to give Information
f CCi",d ,!,,e nlon C?! I that enables him to prepare his count
and the demand in France was not j er attacltg -
that o'tr army should take less, but j
more of t'ie responsibility. Trat was
in, itself evidence of the confidence
felt in the gallantry and prowess of
our army.
"And let me say here of Its leader
ship, as well no man has talked more
glowingly than myself of that leader
ship, and I do not withdraw a syalla
ble thereof. But I bee te house and
r-,y rish honorable friend not to press
the government for information, which
the erexy would gladly pcy larse
money to get.
The premier's refusal to explain the
. enlargement of the functions of the
Versailles council caused considerable'
cemmotion m the ho-.ise. He insisted addresses of both the monarch and; shaven, the hotn eof the Zeppelin air
on the impossibility of explaining exe-; his prjme B,!nlster were at one with, ship industry and other towns were
cutive functions witfcout at the same president wren's speech to coneress bembed. The statement says the en
time divulging the decisions of the! y0I1(j2V Kins Georee declared " that tente lost four airplanes during these
council. If he had vad an ooportuni - ti, there 'a9 recognition of the attacks.
ty. he said., he would have told Mr. basj. pri:lcjple9 nnon" which an hon-
Asquith privately, and Mr. Asquith orable eace could be concluded it IRISH LEADER IS
would have understood the imoossibil- ag ,re dul or ,he Rridsn to nro. lwjn TvTr. nn a r
ftv of dirulqr.ng the information public-; 9ecute ,te war , ,be vigor they LINCOLN ORATOR
- . possess. !
-nr. LAoya ueorge continued: ,
t.ei!eve me. it was a military ae-
cvion. and ore cf the first magni-
tcde."
PREMIER HECKLED.
Thrnjirhnnl this naasflpe the nrem
W was frequenUv UAerrupted and '
hecklei. He protested against news-,
paper discussion of these matters.!
Somebody interrupted with
"Why dont you stop XorthclifTe
from doins it?
papers from Downin- street and the
Fr!e! tasniy tVT6 , I
iiaui is au u?uiuir bdu uuiuitj-.
gated falsehood. I cannot allow a
statement of that kind. I have been
fiphting hard against these paragraphs
appearing in the pfters and 1 appeal
to Uie house and Uie public to sup
pert me."
eI the course of .Ms explanation, the
premier said that before tbe council .
had arrived at the decision that it was
vndesirable to publish the facts, each
F?parate government had been spec
ially consulted, and it was agreed in
advisable to publish.
"I cannot believe that either the
house o commons or Mr. Asquith :
would aciept the responsibility for
forcing the government to reveal these
matters." continued Mr. Lloyd George
"If the -house is not satisfied with my
judgment it can change the govern
ment."' It was about this time that a mem
ber asked whether Field Marshal Kaig
and General Robertson were preseBt
and approved the decisions, and the
premier replied in the affirmative. Mr.
Lloyd George concluded:
"If the house of commons and the
country aie dissatisfied with the con-
IDENTITY UNDISOOVERED.
(Bv Review leased Wire)
DEXVriR, Feb. 12. The police had
bpen rnable tonight to identify the
well dressej man found shot to deth
on a street corner in the residence dis
trict last night. No further clues had
been found in connection w ith the case
and no arrests had been made, porce
offir.fn.ls said.
Because r-o Denver persons answer
In.? t.'ie descriptiou cf the dead man
had been reported as missing, ofti
cuils scouted the theory, advanceJ lr.i
night, that the man was a resident of
this city.
ALOi 'T TIME FOR
v - .Z --.were prepared to consider tne aims h ijnfoln's courage inspiresr de
alt replied the premier. wh the allies and manded tbe gaker. -what Ameri-
Cne of tne members suggested that. the United States were fiehting. Mr.; can be se7fish when ls onseif
the information about such military; Ucyd-Georpe said it would be Great! ishnM ,B nn -very .. of
decisions was conveved to the news-i
.. w7 m which the conynercial aide of baseball has been plaved up in recent times has stirred Indigna
tion. The prices paid for players and their salaries, the sums taken 'in at the big games and so on, these thing
have been jriven so nvjch e'tention that the fans are beginning to weary of it and to express a desire to hear
less such ta!k henceforth Club owners in both of the big leagues are much annoyed with Weeghman and
i razee, who have been spcuumg ail sotta of change for gifted players that they may con the penitanta next
season and realize nicely 0:1 their investments. Too much attention to the money end of the game promises
trouble in several quarters and with the kind help of one and all perhaps something can be lione to squelch the
commercial I phase of the game.
: duct of the war and if they think
. That There is any government thai ran
i conduct it better, it is their business.
' in God's nanie. to put that other gov-
ernment in. But so long as the nous':
of commons retains Us confidence in
Jthe government, then. I say, it ought
!to allow the government a full and
! free, hand m the- direction of the war
By that means you preserve national
unity and unity among Uie allies a
vtial thins. Therefore. I appeal tc Hie
War Summary
King Georee and David Lloyd-!
Geor?e. the British prime minister.:
in undresses to the Rr'tish parlia-i
rentthe former before a taint ses-!
sion cf the house of lords and the: There was a considerable Increase
house of commons have declared' in the number of aerial attacks del
1 asu'n that if te recent utterances ivered by entente airmen on German
' r.r ti.. CnntniM fit the Tentnnio ji l- towns in January. In all thirty-one
Ups ',here rfin fce foun(, nQ bas,3 ,or
a peace which will fulfill the demands'
, n.; t.
Mr Uoyd-George assertd that
i frt :siint Wilson estimate or tne re-
president Wilson estimate of the re-
-,cent .peeches of Count von Hertling.'
. . ,, ,, j
.,i, T -iin. '
i Count C-ernin. the Austro-Hungarian
He added that the British government
bad not receded an iota from its an-
" 1 u..fc.. " v.
nounced war aims.
I'ntfl some better nroof than had,.. t .v. ,. v-t.
bee- vroriie by the sneeches of the
central powers that those countries,
Pritain's regrettable duty to eo on'
and make preparations necessary to.
International rieht. ;
Military Activity increases.
The military acUvlty on the west- imperiled nation? What American can
era front is daily increasing. Patrol entertain or even tolerate the thought
encounters are being carried out by of a divided allegiance In the face
increasingly laree parties and more f hs passjonate patrioUsm and of
zest Is being added to the fighting. , the innexible resolution with which
The British near Epehy and La;be fou ht for , nnited nation?
Bassee have conducted further in-' ... jh, ,.-, , would
cursions nto the enemy positions. instand ln tne crisis through which the
me .lauer region uiiucuni numtruue
casualties, teking prisoners and ma-;
chine guns. North of the Ai'ette.
river and in the Woevre sector the :
. rencn B.e maue successiui auacis
which resulted 1 nthe capture of near-;
It three hundred prisoners. A some-'
what fmbitious attack by the Ger-!
mans in the Verdun sector was put
r " ; preaches in her gospel of world domm-
sualues. ; tioa an)1 practices while her sinister
Much Artillery Fire. ; mastery lasU in Belgium. France and
Between the Americans' and the; Serbia, as her bloodstained partner
Germans there Is a constant exchange; does In plains and mountains of Ar
of artillery fire, and the Americans! menia?
continue to carry out patrolling' "Today, as Lincoln said, two prin
maneuvers toward the enemy ! ciples stand face to face and ever
trenches. The Germans evidently are will continue to struggle the common
anxious to gtiage the positions oc-, right of humanity and the divine right
cupied by the Americans and also to of kings."
ascertain the number of men thev are
employing, for daily their aircraft are
hovering over the lines taking photo-
trranhs and makinr observations. Antl-
aircraft guns several timea haTe Rogers "and T. P. Cooley. flying cadets,
driven off the enemy. I were killed in a collision In mid-air
Theer is no indication as yet when today.
the Germans will begin their muchj
heralded general offensive. A Ger-i The Cooler mentioned above is the
man captured by the British says that . yonnEer brother of Miss Winifred
at least one big attack is due to be-j Cooley, a teacher in the public schools
gin some time in March. Meanwhile' of Bis bee, and of Bill Cooley, who ia
large concentrations of fre3h troops, now In France with the American ex
daily are arriving behind the German ; penditionary force. Miss Cooley was
line and carrying out practice man-! informed yesterday of the death of
euvers. her brother. No funeral arrangements
On Italian Front. t have been made as to the disposition
On the Italian front the Austrians of the body.
GAME TO HAVE DOLLAli-SIGS REMOVED
Col. Roosevelt
Still on Mend
CBy Review Iea.ed Wire
NEW YORK. Ken. 12. Theodore
Roosevelt continues to make proeress
;at tlie r.svpU hospital. It was be-
j ijeved tonight he had made up ground
i iost in nis setback Sunday. A bulletin
jssue1 at tne noSpital said:
"This has been Colonel Roosevelt's
- comfortable day" and that "his
progress is likely to be uninterrupted
from row on'
again have endeavored to test the
strength of the Italians in the Sette
Comniuni plateau sector. The German
war office assorts that the Austrians
carried out most successful attack
here, but the Italian official com
munication declares that the Austrian
columns weer torn to pieces by the
Italian artillery as they tried to gain
the southern slopes cf Monte sasso
Rosv and other positions and the of -
feffsive was completely repulsed.
of these niis were made, according
to
German official
statement
cirlnrnho. Manneheim. Friedrich-
SPRlVfiF iF.I.n. Ills Feb. 12. In a
- -
"""V" , J , " . ,wl J
ing the celebration of the martyred
uncoin aaaress nem iuuikhu mr
President's 109th birthday ann.ver-
- . - ,- . I
Nationalist 'ea
P'"amfnt. de5larea
Hie BrWsh
name of Lin
coln to be a "flaming torch" firing the
' n.trintie i nf everr American whether
"
.vi-h.t American ran be cowardly
tne claimg of am'biUon or party in the
face cf his forgetfulness of all per-
, .,. Mn- ttvi-i n
jj, is Oow- passing if be was
stIjj jtg rnler-
-what ... the first nd most fun-
d,menu, of Ucoln s convictions? Was !
,t not pgssJonate love of liberty and
hotrwl ci,Verr is there
lZ Jif,rn i Gonti9U between
the nslaTement Cf the negro and such
eDSi,Vement in ' Germany today
KILLED IN AIR.
MEMPHIS. Tenn., Feb. 12. T. C.
i RUSSIANS APPEAL
! ta rrrcinrWT ?M
BEHALF OF PEOPLE
(Bv Review Leaded Wire)
NEW YORK. Feb. 12. Resolution
calling on all Russians in America to
co-operate with he Russian embassy
and consulate; appealing to Iresilent
Wilson to adjust alleged "wrongs" to
Russians by draft exemption board.--and
proposing the establishment of a
Russian-American university where
Russians may learn a trade, were
adopted at the closing session of th-all-Russian
convention in session her?
late today. The executive committer
of the convention will work out the
details of a plan to establish In thi
city a home for destitute Russians.
telecram sent to President Wilson
reads in part:
"We consider It our duty to assure
you on behalf of ourselves and our
brotherly Americans with whom wc
have cast our olts, that a vast majori
ty of. Russians In the motherland and
'here in America belong to that noli
Ttical school which recognizes in Rus
ia only the constituent assembly r
hivins the right to work out the in
temal and foreign policies."
The message adds:
"We recognize in you the first to dc
clare to the whole world tbe terms o:
a general peace supported by the
h'ghest ideals of International justice."
Discusing the action taken by Void
emar Kruglak. secretary of the cor
vention, which claims to represent 30.
500 organized Russians in this coun
try and aCnada. alluded to President
Wilson as "the spokesman of civil1
zation against Prussianism."
"We Russians know that the best
sentiment of Russia today is with him
in all he says about the terms ot
peace in Europe. The millions 'of
Russians in the I'nited States are not
in sympathy with this laying down
of arms."
LATEST EVENTS
ARE DISCUSSED
'Continued fnm Page On)
States happens to have in Ukrainian
territory fill be retained at their posts
in accord with all usages ln the case
of the establishment of new govern
ments, but this cannot be taken to
mean even a de facto recognition. Of
ficial confirmation that either France
or Great Britain had recognized the
new Ukrainian government still was
lacking today.
The one clear thing in the whole
situation from a military point of view
Is that the struggle has narrowed down
tc the western front, of which the Ital
ian theater already has been officially
recognized as a portion by the allied
chiefs. Tbe final test of a-ras Is to
come one that front.
CONFERENCES WILL
END CONTROVERSY
(Continued from Page One)
the house today. In addition to ttU
$600,000 will be expended at Newport
News. Va, for housing the negro
stevedore regiments engaged there in
loading vessela.
Brigadier General Littell. in charge
of cantonment division and other con
struction jobs, also submitted state
ments to the committee, showing tnat.
in addition to the new work, his bu
reau has charge of construction now
in progress calling for an expenditure
of fl3S.90O.00O. making the total for
present and future work $404,550,000.
Y
nn
iV
The KAY MINE hav.
bag been ' taken over bj
GEORGE W.LONG and
New York associates we
are authorized to take a
limited number of sub
scriptions for stock at
30 CTS. PER SHARE
Subscriptions will be
received up to
FEBRUARY 15TH
Only 100,000 shares al
lotted to Arizona.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
Phone 26 Box 1129
Main Street
Contractor and Builder
ESTIMATES AND PLANS FURN
ISHED. WM. McDOUGALL
Opposite Lincoln School
Murderers Are
Still at Large.
(Continued from Page One)
ham muntv and two of his .l)inies.
Kt mplon and Wootan. are in the
vicinilv of INhiI. southwest of Red-
dingtcn. where they bad earlier been
reported, and are moving towarj Hsp-
uv vallev where Sheriff Miles o'
Pin.a county is stationed "ith a
strong rosse of era. k shots. Sheriff
climate in tne exrectej round-no.
Both Sheriff Miles and Sheriff
Wheeler were memoers of the oa
territorial rangers and are experts in
man-hunting. Practically every ex-
pert rifle shot in Tucson has joined
one or another of the noses. Gov-
emrr Hunt to-lay cf'ered a reward of
$3"00 for the aptnre. lead or alive.
of the three men. and Graham county
offered a reward of $100i. This is
expected to be supplemented by a
reward tv the fede:al government
fIR AFT IHNORANrF
OF GERMAN AGENTS
(BrR.vie.Uuedww
RtSS P. ,o r and anmher co?is.l!n buil',infi T' Ba,'1,1,Il the Batfs sold eggs for fiftyie cents
cios.ng in irem nw i. anu anoiner fl tn corporation S action was Jt'St1-' doien when th sovemmen: Hve.l
pesse , ill leave Fi ller's Pass at day- fieA ns(f ,he nation ns ships ' 2rtcw w for?-lu Anu
bteak Wednesday morning to Prti- ,n, thA nlcn, , tnrn nll. nf,r. price was tony six cents.
NEW YORK. Feb. 12. - Ignorance i'oo 00 coming - from the ri The price to the consumer,
splayed by German agent, in SJJonvllt KroVers w. probably win be
land concerning the war prepare- if-,--!. , about tweh-e and a half cents. Ac-
displayed
eriand concerning tne war prepare
tions of the United States was de-
scnoea "e Dv
uel church
Baltimore, who had trav-
rely in Europe, as a rer -
eled extensively
resentative of the American Rtt
Cross.
Dr. Birckhead
said the Oomiani
agents appeared glad to talk to an
American. They told hint that the
United States "has been terribly de-
ceivea oy tngiana ana ,jance ana, Mr Baldwin corroborated state- and county agents are to meet here
that the present policy ot Germany Is i mems previously made that Stone and Saturday, according to the announce
not to annoy America as she ia not in -Tehster receive a fee amounting toj ment. This meeting wil lbe followed
eT2.ts . , , , double the salary of its experts where i by cne of Jobbers,
?. m.e r?!,A?1LI:d'n! dric is given on engineering ques- Mr. Lamson declared the reason h
It " . -Z,
with the German machine nf forty
years training." Dr. Birckhead sa'd the
German agents told him. "The Amer
ican soldiers are amateurs. Tour rul
ers are assembling a force to me: the
inevitable conflict with Japan. Presi-
dent Wilson U a pacificist. Hi will '
withdraw .1 any time. We are bring-1
ing to bear powerful influences j
your government today. Our agents'
are working day and night, ou. an
American, dont know as much aboot
your government as we do.
informed of every move."
We are
tudict e luo uii rtiTiure
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
WASHIW.tov Feb is. Sending
of thrift stamps as valentines is sug-
gested to the public in a resolution In-
troduced today by
Representative
Lunn of New York. The nlan orieinat -
ed in Schnectady. N. Y.. and has been
approved by the thrift sump bureau.
SUBSCRIBE
The Bisbee Daily
1
EXPENDITURES ON
urv-i Id AMH NAVY
yard defended;
(Rv Rv1ew leaned Wire) j
: WASHINGTON. Seb. 12 Heavy ex
' nenditures of government money in
the construction of the Hog Island
shipyard near i n;iaa .;mu were (.e-
fnded wlre me seni. un estimating
committee today by Goorge J. Bal.lv i'l
chairman of the board of the An t ri -
can International Shipbuilding ccrjnir-
.tion' on l?"! ,i;PV-
. " ' I ' ' "
,wo of ,aPm before the end of this'
year H ad,ied that a othfllcahrdlu
vear. He added that all of the ISO
ships contracted for will be launched
on time, unless there is delay Incident 1
to transportation or other difficulties.!
One keel was laid todny. he said, and 1
fifty will be put down in Sebruary and
March.
Cnder repeated questioning Mr.
Baldwin insisted that no government
money is being spent without warrant.
"we are not doing this for money."
he said. "I have a boy over there
! ,in France nd k ?ou think 1 would
00,11,1 ofnonev
' Money . . , !m
I?" ? JKLl l"""'
tion alive on patriotism.- he replied.
c...tnr i,nn .evwi . ,'k
namefI of tne princtpa, stockholders In
! ,v- inti .in.i M vr.
( ,i -nKai.ii.ri, v. -i,,
iwrnM rtt naniA anv nfhar than tV,nk
-.n.iAriin nt the v.rinn.i nir
Bank of Xew YorX and Stone and
! r n.t ht h u
' give the names at some future time.
tions.
WOMAN ON STAND.
"
(Fv Rfvk-y Leased Wr)
rssu, irxas, rru. jir.
Pinmai I.vons. widow of the man for'
i n p en m rnsirri inn or navinir n i i i a . .
hns. murder Felix R Jones of AhH0Ter ,De aSU ontunS ,a exor-'
,m4-e? ta 5 ?ri ne twUtK b,UBt pricM skM for White bMnS
Uteoofay th.' the de
Vy0Dl noeh ia Nw Mexico where! InL.-iA."
. ,. , -o-. ..j ' of ,n rvy n1 nay.
he h ?f "f. 'n J2l,h,'l Local dealers in beans estimate that
on May 16. 1917, the night before the;
murder of Lyons, she answered a long
I,. , ,
distance telephone call from El Pas
anu inai a man tu mm w
- ..it k.
was ;
"Brown" asked to see Lyons. I
Mrs. Rose Oyster, cigar counter at-i
tendant in a local hotel
Identified
Jones as tne man wjio maae a long ais-
tn can to Miver i..iy. m.. .May.
. 16th. under the name of "Brown.'
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS,
You can have the BISBEE
DAILY REVIEW deliv
ered to your home or place
of business for
5c
PER MONTH
Six Months (in advance) $4.00
MAKING A SAVING OF 50c
One Year (in advance) $7.50
ASSAYING OF $1.50
We receive the full report
of the Associated Press.
During these momentous
days you can hardly afford
NOT to read an up-to-date
daily.
Place Yoar Subscription at Oar Office
Giv It to Any One of Oar Carriers
License Taken
From Profiteer
Pv Review Lnml Wire
NEW YOtvK. Feb. 12. At.rounci
inent that the food license of it. Krl
,, !nc of city wvm:I;
ef;K dealers, accused of profiteer in,
has revoke,! for the perioU ri tho
war by ,he national food admir.lstrj-
tion in Washington, was made 1 night.
Thi is h n"sl dstip '
,ssu Niast New ion too.1 oeaien.
.,.
EIGHT CENTS THE
PRICE FOR BEANS
(V.r Review titled Wirt .
DENVER. Feb. 12. The 1S17 crop
: of pinto beans will be bought by the
j federal food administration at a prl.
J of elsht cent a pound, re- leand.
basis, according to announcement
; here tonight by J. It- Lamsou. of the
fCC(j administration. The ban grow-
sections of New Mesico. Colorado.
Wyoming. Kansas and Nebraska are
The arrangement, according to local
' ban producers, means the planting
i of a large acreage of beans tbia
cording to Mr. Lam son's announce
ment, the purchase of the beans Is to
be handled through the United States
I Sn corporation,
! To arranse contracts between the
1 growers and the corporation meeiinijs
of the federal fcod administrators for
the states involved ot all county
agents in these states, and of the
growers and bean Jobbers are being
j arranged. The food administrators
for the sten were, to market the 1S1T
I crop on such basis as to encourage
j the planting to beans of at least at
large -an acreage in 191$ as as was
I ni.nte,l last year: ta introduce a
i,. .. .w. ,11
.
about 60 per cent of the last crop, or
j iw.wu.vwi pounas, is aiui in m?
n,nds of x'mwvt.
AT CAMP LOGAN
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
HOUSTON. Tex.. Feb. 12. Although
5(X0 men 8hort of ar strength, nnof-
riciat figures show that Camp Logan
passed the $300,000,000 mark in wor
I insurance when the campaign closed
today
Review THE BISBEE DAILY REViEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 13, 1918.
SEVEN
5
3
3
J!
I
i
I
i
i
i
1
t
I
. -i
i
I
i
. REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisement must reach
The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion the next morning.
Male Help Wanted
WAXTED Gardner, call Review or
Phone 791 evenings. 93
WAXTED-Experienced tailor, pants
maker, piece work. $3-50 per pair.
Also want all round tailor. Tor.y
Lockner, rear of Bank of LowelL 105
WAXTED Man to farm 40 acres' on
shares, horses and machinery fur
nished. Inquire American Cafe.
LowelL 89
Female Help Wanted
WAXTED An experienced chamber
maid at the Marx rooming bouse.
Lowell. Arizona. Call at once. 1 ' 6
WAXTED Ranch cook. Mrs. L. L.
Fike, Box 12. Xaco, Aril. 107 j
WAXTED Girl to cook and help with
laundry work. Mrs. Houie, Denn
mine. Phone 543. 109
For Sale
FOR SALE Six room house, all im
provements. Tombstone Canyon.
Apply Wdl McDougalL opposite Lin
coln School. iZi
FOR SALE Cottonwood . trees, plant-'
ed and guaranteed to grow. (1.00
each. Phone 791 evenings or write
Box 2S5. 83
FOR SALE 4 room house nice place
close to road. 55 O. K. Street. 54 (
FOR SALE X early new complete fur-
aiture for 3 room modern house
with sleeping porch, in Warren; :
with privilege of renting; electricity .
gas, hot water, etc. Box 690 War
ren. . 113 ;
FOR SALE R. I. Reds. Barred Rocks
and White Leghorn baby chicks that
live, breeding stock and eggs. J.
Albert Liggett. R2 Phoenix. Arix. 103
FOR SALE A good chance in So. Bis- ;TOR RENT-Sir. room house furniture
bee. 8 roms furnished, $o00 down. for gai Mrs T D. Greelev, Baker
balance monthly payments. See M. i v i; ' C;
C. High. 52 : T
FOR SALE 5 room house in Tomb
stone cacyon. good place for chick
ens, a fine peach orchard, plenty of
water. $950 will handle this, bal
ance on easy terms. M. C. High. 52
FOR SALE Three room house screen
porch, furnished, east side, third
hou&e up steps. 10S Laundry Hill.
47
FOR SALE One 5 room house cloe
in, $100 cash, balance like rent, also
one 3 room furnished house $1'0 '
cash, balance like rent. Hogan & , '
Seed. 91 ,
FOR SALE furniture.
Ki!L
30 Laundry
U
FOR SALE Two Ford touric'-jars.01 . '
See Shideler on the jitney r-r i.-e.
t 2i
;
FOR SALE Xew modern home, gar-1
age, $25 income month. Box 19S2.i
804
FOR SALE Five room house furnish
ed. Campbell SL, Warren. Hogan
& Seed. 795
FOR SALE 2. 3. 4, S room houses.!
oft drink stand. Upper Brewery j
Gulch. D. P. Rossi. 757 i
FOR SALE-Sixteen room furnished
rooming house next to City
120 Opera Drive.
Park.;
755 ! .
FOR SALE -17 room furnished hotel
Hogan Seed, Phone 10. SS5j
FOR SALE Uncalled for suit?. M.
Levin Tailoring Co, Lowell. M 4 ;
IF YOC WANT A HOME I will sell!
yon the lot and bnild you a house.
Term to suit purchaser. Wm. J!c-;
Douzal. contractor and builder.
Tombstone Canyon opp. Lincoln -School.
. 479 ,
FOR EAET to"-
660
FOR SALE Va'.lcy farm, small pay
ment down, time on balance, some
improvements. E. P. Grindell, Mc-!
XeaL 4S0
BUT McXEAL BASIX LAXD. shallow
water, small monthly payments. F.
P. GrindeU. McXeaL 4 SO
153 ACRES improved MeXeal farm.:
Owner away, must be sold. Two
crops will pay it out. E. P. Grin-'
deU, McXeaL 4S0,
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
PETEY DINK There Cert;
I . Furnished Rooms
FOR REXT Two furnished room for
light housekeeping. Mrs. H. E
Cooper, Tombstone Csnynn, oppo
site fire station.
FOR REXT Batching rooms, first
house below Lowell mine on main
road. 35
FOR REXT Three nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms, 12 Jiggerville.
114
! FOR REXT Housekeeping rooms
furnished. 14 Tate Hill, Johnson Ad
! dition. 104
IfOR REXT Xice furnished room for
two gentlemen, 24 Upper Lowell.
I E. J. Wbitmer. 74
FOR REXT 2 furnished rooms for
light housekeeping, light, water and
gas. 163 Opera Drive. 59
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished
$2.00 per week and up.
rooms
377
For Rent
FOR REXT Xicely furnished apart
ment four rooms, bath, near Convent
; no small children. Call 107 Hiss ins
i HiiL - j.k
FOR REXT 3 unfurnished rooms in
Warren with .ewer. John Ceron.
Warren. 48
FOR REXT Xew five room modern
house on Vista. Apply C. Clason.
I Box 645 Bisbee. 106
FOR REXT Three room modern
apartment, furnished or unfurnished
built in features, all outside rooms,
hot and cold water, over Independ
ent Fuel Store, upper Main. Phone
841. 112
FOR REXT 2 room unfurnished cab
in. Johnson Addition. $10 per month
Inqaire Lowell Bakery. ' 1C0
run. jcj-.A i 'Aeii enippod z room
apartment ia Warren; hot and cold
shower bath, gas range, rent $25 to
permanent couple, no children.
Phone Black 6SL 45
;FOR R"T or SALE Xew modern 4
conveniences in Warren. Apply W.
H. Holland. Cochise. 57
FOR REXT or lease, storage room on
O. K. street, apply Buxton-Smith Co. '
Brem-ery Gulch. . 532
Miscellaneous
CLARIXET AXD SAXAPHOXE les-
! sons given evenings. Nicolas. P. O.
: e . J,00T.
GOoSARD CORSET SHOP next to Ar-
t liuua urucerj store, upper .viaio ou
all corsets fitted by Ines Warburton.
Ill
FOR LEASE. EXCHAXGE OR SLK
On easy payments at a sacrifice, a
15 room house near old Catholic
church. Bisbee. If you have $1"0 to
$1W0 I'll sell you the best bargain ia
Bisbee. Give address to "Non-Resident."
care Review and I'll call or
write you. 37
, TO Jfil "d
I
writers, t'none o9 and leave your .
name and address.
i MADAME J. REA KEYS. St Regis ho-
teL Lowell. Arix. Phone 62. Clair
voyant and crystal reader. Dead
trance spirit medium born with a
double veil, without asking questions
gives you dates, facts and figures,
and will read your entire life. 527
OLD CLOTHES
739.
BOUGHT.
Phone
442
LOST
LOST Fifty dollars in hills. Reward
of $10 if returned to Review.
ins
LOST Large hand bag containing
roll blue patches. Leave at Minen
Meat Market. Reward. V.I
i
Money to Loan
$50,000 TO LOAN an improved cHy ,
property or for building, on easy ,
terms of paymenL T. A. Hughes.'
over Bank of Bisbee. 2i
SMALL quick loan on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room
2. Lyric Theatre building. 166
inly Was Something He Could
Can Now Serve i
Pies Every Day
Is New Ruling
Henry Porpen. m?naer of the Ccp
pcr Queen hotel and rprronrauve
!tr the Worren District of the Arizona
jianch of the United States Food Ad
m'nlstrar'on. has received an order
r?m 51. T. Grier, chairman of the
I'-irona hotel and restaurant division
which he wishes called to the atten
ion of all restaurant men and board-in-;
houses in this district
The orler calls attent'on to regula
tions governfnc su ftices which
should be observed faithfully. They
jontain news which will be pleasing
o the pie eaters who have been forced
to go without this pastry on "wheat
less" days. The order follows:
1 Pies and doughnuts may be serv
ed on "wheatless days provided tha
33 1-13 per cent wheat flour substitutes
ara mixed with wheat flour for all pies
and doughnuts served every day dur
ing the week.
1 Portion of bread or rolls served
should consist of not more than two
ornces. and not more than this quan
tify should be served to any one af
sry one meaL Rolls should not weigh
m"re than one ounce each, except
when corn, oatmeal, branbread or
rclls are served alone, portion may
rcnsist of not more than four ounces.
3 All hotels, restaurants, boarding
hrases, cafes and clubs using three
(.' ) or more barrels of flour per month
ere required to apply for a license.
As this requirement is effective Febru
ii y 4th. all coming under this resula
.icn should apply at once for a license,
sddressing your letter and envelope
ip follows:
UNITED STATES FOOD ADMINIS
TRATION. License Division. Law
Department, Washington, D. C.
REPORT TO KAISER.
i AMSTERDAM, Feb. 12. Count von
Hsrtlirtg. the imperial German chan
cellor, and Dr. Richard von Kuehl
ni.nn. secretary of foreign affairs, wii:
proceed to German headquarters to
morrow to report to Emperor Wiiliair.
' results of the Brest-LUovsk pesre
.legotiatiocs. says a dispatch received
here from Berl'n today.
Positions Wanted
WAXTED Driving and care of auto
or truck by steady man. also would
consider position as clerk. II. !..
care Review. Zi
WAXTED Position by experienced
nurse. Xurse all cases. Phone 327.
110
Wanted
.VAXTED Boarders,
I Jiggervilie.
Mrs. Kirk,
105
3!
1
S
WAXTED To rent a 3 or 4 room fur
rished house
r"ReT1e,.
by Feb. 2tn. A. D.
re
WAXTED To buy small house in or !
near Bisbee. Terms must be rea- j
sonable. Address Box 2134 Bisbee.
WAXTED To rent 3 or 4 room un-j
furnished house in Warren. F. W. I
W, care Review. 101 j
iEAL ESTATE WAXTED If you
have any city or country property
in the Salt River valley we can stll
it for you or trade you Bisbee, Texas
or Oklahoma property for it If you
want to dispose of yoir prosHTty list
it with Bellamy and Haskell. 121 X
2nd. Ave, Phoenix. Arix. 37
WAXTED Washing to do at home or
out by the day by a good colored
hand laundress, silk and flannel
shirts and shirt waists a specialty.
Also blankets. 57 1-2 Brewery Gulch
Phone Green S52. 62
WANTED Ladies to represent the
Xu Bone Corset, terms and booklet
free. Write Xu Bone Headquarters.
222 W. 9th St, Los Angeles, Cal. 102
WAXTED To rent 2. 3 or 4 room fur
' nished or unfurnished house either
Warren or Bisbee. Phone 479. 92
".VAXTED To buy a 4 room house
close in. State terms. Address P.
O. Box 2419 Bibbee. 577
".VAXTED Will pay $1.50 for double
heeded hardwood barrels at our
markets in Brewery Gulch and in
Lowel!. or at slaugMer hou.se in Dan
Luis. Barrels must be in good con
dition. To .reas. 495
Professional Cards
Tf you intend to build or alterate your
home it will pay you to communi
cate with G. C. Hendricks, general
contractor and builder. Box 3523.
215
Chop Up!
THOUSANDS HE SPENT
V
trinsic'iiz its business shall be DLL-
UTH. MINNESOTA. The genera! nat
Went to Hot Springs Seven ore ts brines? shall he the mining.
smelting, red Joins, refinin? and work-
Times Tanlac Restores lns f iron ore?- s!J orCi, silTer ores-
cipper ores and othrr minerals, and
Health After Twenty Years the manufacture of iron, steel, cop
per sod other metils. j
of Suffering ARTICLE II 1
01 JUI,CI " The period of its duration shall be;
thirty (30) yesrs. and the date of the'
commencement of this corporation ;
"1 can recommend Tanlac because shall be Januarv lS'h. 1HS.
since taking it I fee! better t!ia-; 1 r.: vc ARTICLE 111
in years and I believe if it helps me The names and places of residence '
it will help others." said S. W. Curlin
of 202 King William Street, San An-
tonio. Texas, recently.
For twenty years." he
continued. '
"I have suffered with malaria, chills
and fever, and while this seemed to ,
be all. it was enough to put me out of .
commission. I have made seven trips
to Hot Springs, besides spending '
thousands of dollars for other treat-'.
ment and medicines but got no results
that I could notice. It was Just money
thrown away. I kept getting worse
until I had to give up my position with
the Gulf Refining Company at Beau
mont and for some time now I haven't
been able to do any work at all. i
"Tanlac is fast making a well man 1
of me. I'm already feeling better than
I have in over seven years and I have
just finished my second bottle of the
medicine. I wouldn't take anything
on earth for the good it has done me
and I'm so glad to see my health twin
restored that I feel like telling every-
body about Tanlac"
Tsnlac is sold la Bisboe oy J. M. by-law or resolution. The first meet-P-a'l.
in Douglas bv Douclas Drvg Co.. ing of the corporation rhall be held on
n Pirr.dise bv G. A. Walker, in Howie the third Wednesday ia January. 191S,
by Bowie Drug Store, 'n San SiT.on bv at ten o'clock a. m.. in Room 9il Tcr
J. B. Cooke, in Wilcox by A. A. Nichol- reT Building. Duluth, Minnesota, with
son. ia Lowell by Lowell Drug Co- in oul notice.
Prnsnn hi f" V t i Phrv on.H in i ARTICLE.
!res a bv p.
A. Taylor.
Adv.
k
STUDENT AVIATOR INJURED.
i
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
FORT V.CRTri. Tesas. feb 12
Second Lieutenant Peytcn R. March,
ir ttrn rf Mni-r CI rml Pevton t
M,,h ,ff-rt --r!..r. of tb. n.ii
today when hW airplane fell at Talia-
frrro field. He la said to have small
chances cf recovery.
Legal Notices.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona.
February 2. 1918.
NOTICE is hereiy given that Gottfried
W. Barsch. of Hereford. Arizona, who.
on August 7. 1913, made Homestead
Entry, No. 023U54. for XtjSWVt Sec
2S. XUSE'4 Sec. 26. and on Feb. 10.
ISIS, made additional Hd. Entry No.
129435 for E'iXEli, Section 2S. Town
ship 22-S. Hanire 21-E, G.& S. R. B. &
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make three year Proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be-:
fore Jared D. Taylor. LV S. . Commis-:
sioner. at Bisbee. Arizona, on the 12th
day of March. 191S.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Chester A. Xeison. Jacob J. Karlan, '
Corniel Witnoet, Isaac J. French, all
of Hereford, Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
First publication February 9. 191S.
Last publication. March 11, 191$. j
Adv. 101 1
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
- Department of the Interior
c. S. Land Office at Phoenix." Arizona.
February 2, 1918.
NOTICE is hereby given that Cornel
ius X. Driscoll, cf Hereford. Arizona,
who. oa April 25. 1914. made Home
stead Entry. Xo. 024569. for NWli
Sec. 25 and on February 13. 1915. made
additional Hd. entrv No. 026741 for the
XWViSW4. Sec 25. NViSE and
SWiSE4. Section 25. Township 23-S.
Range 22-E. G. & S.- R. B. ft Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
three year Proof, to establish claim to
the laad above described, before Jared
D. Taylor. U. S. Commissioner, at Bis-
i bee, Arizona, on the 12thjlay of March
; 1918. "
Claimant names as witnesses:
Frank Cobhe. of Hereford. Arizona.
George L. Dunn, of Staiki Arizona.
Jacob C. Baker. Robert Arborn. both
of Hereford. Arizona,,
JOHN" L. IRVIN. Register.
First publication, February 9, 191S.
Last publication, March. 41. 1918.
Adv. 100
I CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION;
, OF ENGINEER DEVELOPMENT j
COMPANY " j
I . ' I
v c. me unuersipnea, nereoy asso
ciate
and
incorporation, under the provisions of
Chapter 5S. of the Revised Laws of the i
State of Minnesota, for the year 1905,;
ate ourselves together, 'agree uponirona- January 12. 191S.
id adopt the following certificntes of ; NOTICE is hereby given that Clair
;.and acts amendatory thereof and sup-
i plemental thereto.
i ARTICLE 1
! The name of this corporation shall
Ibe ENGINEERING DEVELOPMENT
! COMPANY. The pr.ncipal place of
of the incorporators of this corpora-
tion are as follows
A. J. McLennan. Dultuh. Minn.
Wm. P. Harrison. Duluth. Minn.
A. Clark. Duluth. Minn.
F. H. DoGroat. Duluth. Minn.
Helen McNelis. Duluth, Minn.
ARTICLE IV
The management of this corporation
shall be vested in a Board of Director
consisting of five (3) member. The
names and addresses of those compos-
ing the Board of D:rectors uatil the
first election, are as follows:
A. J. McLennan. Duluth. Minn.
Wm. P. Harrison. Duluth. Minn.
A. Clark. Duluth, Minn.
F. H. De Groat. Daluth, Minn.
Helen McNelis. Duluth, Mian.
The annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of th.s corporation for the election
of directors and the transactive of oth
er business shall be held on the third
Wednesday la January in each year.
at such place as the Board of Directors
may from time to time determine by
i ne amount oi iae capital siuci in
this corporation shall be One Hundred
Thousand Dollars (Ji00.OJ0.0o), divid
ed into one hundred thousand (1W,
00 shares of the par value of One
Dollar $!.0t) each, to be paid in as
the Board of Directors may determine.
This corporation may besin business
hcn Fifty Thousand Dollars
i$i0.
s301:', l?r value of its capital is sub-
scribed for and taken. Stcck in this
corporation may be paid for either in
cash or in property.
ARTICLE VI
The highest amount of indebtedness
or liability which this corporation shall
at any time be subject is One Hundred
Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00).
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands and seals this
4th day of January, 191S.
A. J. McLENNAX (Seal)
Wm. P. HARRISON" tSeal)
A. CLARK
F. H. De Groat
II. McXELIS
In Presence of:
GEO. RIPLEY.
E. S. FORSELL.
STATE OF MINNESOTA )
(Seal)
(Seal
(Seal)
)ss.
COUNTY OF ST. LOUIS. )
On this 4th day of January. 191S. be
fore me. a Notary Public within and
for said County, personally appeared
A. J. McLennan. Wm. P. Harrison. A.
Clark. F. H. De Groat end Helen Mc
Nelis, to me well kno-m to be the per
sons described in and who executed
the foregoing instrument, and acknow
ledged that they executed the same as
their free act and deed.
GEO. RIPLEY.
Notary Public. St. Louis
County. Minn.
' My Commission expires Jan. I. 1911.
I Adv.4
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.1 Ari
zona. January 12. 1918.
NOTICE 5s hereby given that George
V. Keahey, of Bisbee. Arizona, who,
n July 7. 1916. made Homestead Fn
'ry. No. 0H0367. for Township 22S.
Range 23E. C. 1 fi. R. R i Meridian.)
has fi'ed notice of intention to make'
thre- year Proof, to establish claim i
to the lard above described, before!
Jared D. Taylor. U. S. Con-.missioner. '
at Bisbee. Arizona, on lre 20th day of!
February. 191S.
Claimant names as witnesses: Ed-;
ard E. Thomas, of Bisbee. Arizona:
Charles X. Thon-as. of Bisbee. Arizo
na; August F. Bornego, of Lnwe'l. Ari
zona; Keller H 'gan. of Bisbee, Arizo
na. '
JOHN L. IRV1X. Retister. '
First Publication January 19. 191S. i
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
S. LND OFFICE at Phoenix. Ari-
V- Boardman. of Carres. Arizona, who.
on October 24. 1912. made Homestead
Entry Xo. 0196."0 for E'iSW1,, Wt,
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal orJer in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts of eat"i. their meeting nights. ttMr officers and the ptace of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODCE. NO. 718.
Meet every Friday night. Moose Mall
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
V. R. TONKIN. Dictator.
KAY ROSS. Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
DREADN AUGHT,
L. O. I NO. 210.
meets in L O.t
O. F. HaU first
nd third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth-
Xr invited to at-
a-Zw tend.
Vm. T. SMITHAX. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.'
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERION
YEOMAN
Richard L Homestead S95, meets
ecou i and fourth Tuesday at Odd
."eilovs' haX Visiting Archers are .
.ordially Invited.
JIRS. C C KINLAYSON. Foreman
P. a Box 1526.
E. D. ST1XSOX. Correspondent.
Box 1496.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30. Brophy XalL J
H. C. LAX DA I". C. C.
O. a THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen Invited.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and third
inursaays at iliv p. m.
in Medigovieh Halt All
visiting Red Men invited
to attend.
SAM RYALL. Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Man.
F. C FENDERSON C. of R.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
.nd 4th Thursday evening of each
uonth at Odd Fellows Hall. Visitins
isters are cordially invited.
1IXNIE BLUM, M. E. C.
Phone Black S5L
DA GLAZE. M. of R. C.
Phoce Black 420
WARREN MINING DISTRICT
:HAPTER AMERICAN RED CROSS
Executive committee meet second
nd fouuh Wednesdays of each month
t Y. M. C A. All member urged to
leet and confer with committee after
ach regular meeting.
;E4 and on May 13. 1914. made addi
lonal Homestead Entry. No. 025127.
tr EXW'i and WijNEV;. Section
3 Township 2::S. Ranse 21 E. O. S.
:. B. & Meridian, has filed notice ot
itention to make three year Proof, to
stablish claim to the land above de
rribed. before W. A. Fowler. U. S.
bmmissloner. at Tombstone, Arizona,
n the 19:h day of February. 191S
Claimant nmces as witneses: Floyd
V. Sperow. Georye J. McCabe. Milton
"lark, all three of Hereford. Arizona;
Iorace W. Clarkson. cf Garce. Ari
ona. JOHN U 1RVIX. Register,
"irst Publication January 19. 191S."
-NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department ef the Interior
U. S. LAXD OFFICE at Thoenlx.
Arizona, Dec. 19, 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Caleb
. Newman, of Hereford. Arizona. ho
on Feb. 11. 1911. made Homestead En
ry No. 01306 for SEi See. 3.V T. 22
R. 20 E.; and on Sept. 2. 1915 made
Additional Homestead Entrv, No.
12S208. for SE'.SWV,. Section 5.
Townsh:p 22S, Range 20E, J. i S. R.
H. Meridian, has filed notice o in
tention to make five-year Proof, to es
'ablish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Tay'or. U. S.
"ommissloner. at Bisbee. Arizona, on
the 12th day of February. 191S.
Claimant names as witneses: Roy
. Newman. James W. Hai'erty, Joe!
1. Steele. John F. Ashworth, all of
larces. Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First aublication January 12. 1911
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meet in Medigovieh
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting brothers wel
come. S. F. BEXTOX. Councillor.
J. L. BEXTOX. Recording Secretary.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Knights of Pythla.
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
LEON H. RICE. C C
EARL SOBLEY. K. of R. S.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, Xo. 175, F. O. E, meets
first and third MONDAYS. 8 p. m..
Eagles HaU. Visitor cordially wel
come. J. F. W1LMOTH. President
F. C. FENDERSOX. Secretary.
C. L. EDMONDsiON, Aerie Ph-?ic;an.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
; day of each month. Visiting brothers
J cordially invited to attend,
i R. E. WARXER. Exalted Ruler.
, J. A. KELLY. Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURL
TY. BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. F.
Hall. 7:30 p. tn. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHM1D. President.
P. O. Box 34S3 Lowell. Aria.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary. Lowell.
E. UNDQUIST. Financial Secretary.
P. O. Box 3246, Lowell.
BISBEE LODGE. NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets ever
4 fTw WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows" Hall.
Main street, at 7:00 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
H. R. TAYLOR. X. G.
CARL V. NELSON. Secretary.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
me8 in Masonic Hai-
J5 Pearl Chapter. No. 6, meet
7 1 In Masonic Hall second ana
fourth Tuesday of
month t 7:30 a. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43. Bisbee,
MRS. JESSIE BEVAX. Sec'y. P. a
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com .
Phone 161.
WEEK EXDIXG FEB. 15. 191S.
Monday
Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday
W. W. GIDLEY. W. M.
B. T. WATK1NS. Secy. F. A. M.
J. W. TOLAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C,
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Comaandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
T. F. 8.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vieh Hall. Visit
ing members cordially Invited. -PHIL
DAVIS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. M6. Red.
KATHRRINE SALHOLM. Secretary.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
PsT Bisbee Camp No, 13415.
NXi' Meet first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows" Hall.
V.- - R. L MOTZ. Consul.
H. F. MATHt-W S-U-,
Clerk.
BjCA. VOIGHT
mm THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 13, 1918.
City Briefs
Kas anyone visited
you?
Or
have yen entertained? If so. call and heavy fine awaits them.
the Review after (p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone "9.
ermined that this! fight because they bad awakened fXPITII JOTl-Ti T1
pd and there are;"-im. He ran to life just in time I gr ft I W Airl Kf
.lers that are eo-i to no: find himself being viewed by 111 HI If HliilLl 11
ves in roun that i the coroner and the undertaker, a '- 1 vi
10SEC
The officers are det
evil sliall be stopped
! several tobacco dea
I ine to find themselves
I will not eet off as easy as the boys.; they w
?s they knew better. A jail sentence iesponj
ere both just abv.it ready to
pond to the tall. .
Pi
UTOR
i
! ONLY A DOG.
! TREES BUDDING OUT. j Yestetday sfternoca local officers,
j Spring is on the way. The bels on; were uolified tha. on one of t-e sMe:
(the cottonwood trees are swelling; hills just west of tee (Jueen laundry;
iLL WITH LA GRIPPE .' anu" scm' trees show tiny jtreon and near the top alone sid of a tisiil'
v; Turner one t-f the efficient. i'3vrs. ;ee.,.i uuu nnu aitiiuiiu. uit-n? was rii-i-niT mi-imhiu ut
ile: ks in the local poster.. ce .'s ccn-' fees
fir-eo to her hone wits an a'ta.-k of bloom whtcb is a pretty poou si-n tered an around mere ana on im- p - . t All in ,nJ T0JiV
. warmer weather in Anzoaa even! trail below was a ole cf Girt that CViaence IS in ana lUJay
HAS RETURNED. '
Xiiss Minnie Duffy has returned
from Xocales where she hes fcen for PASSING BISBEE UP.
several days on a vi-il to fcer broiier.j
Frank D'.if-y.
in Tcrtibstone canyon a"e i:i ins killed as there wfs blood scat-
bloom which is a pretty good sin of' tered all around there and on the
j when the ground hog does show his, bad been recently reared there. Of-
shadow. . ficer Ki'l Ru:f end Deputy bhenrr
t
Howe with ths fid of a sruide made a'
HAS RETURNED.
A. C. Wright, v.bo was in the city
from Nacorari, bein? called here to
take the examination for the draft,
has returned to that place to resume
his dniies with the Moctezuma C'ofit
Company.
hurried trio to the ton of the noun-
Autbmobiles now going through the ! tain and whei thev were .-.hie to net
county that tormer!y used the road ! their I-re' trs-.a diczje in the Pie:
I throueh Bisbee and Lowell are now I of djrt Thev dug dovrn a few ir
: detoured from Douglas op the central ! rll:8 find tKe discovered some long
highway to McNeal and then to Glea-J Brown j,aj., furt
son ana tnrougn to icmosrone. me
. road at the Empire ranch is said to be
in a Tery bad condition at the present
)
hail, military governor of Taris, per
' mission for the documents to le mUiel
to the (lock"!. This reiir.est aUo wss
refused.
M. Viollette s-i.l th;it M, inkier of
War Kiinleve ha t inforr.irtl the coun
cil of eleven invest'ejtiiiK the que-
una oi im:ns me parliamentary im
munity of formr Premier faillaux for
the purpose of takirg his testimony ir
connection with the case, that unless
additional evidenc- was obtained from
America. Bolo could rot b arrestl.
To this statement lYosecjior Murnet
replied: "We readily admit that h:u!
America re;;;ai!i.i neutral we could
not go to the bottom of this case and
.i c rj E? other cises an-1 that Holo lo-iav would
ihe Prosecution WtU Begin be wal,JnK ,he siree.s free-- -
la the cpir.i.jii of p-xiainent lawyers
present at the trial, the refusal to turn i
over the two tiiH-uiui-uts sent by tYo-1
; securer M.rn-.-t to .M. Painitve may .
prove a good argumeiit fir an appeal)
ii Dolo is f;nv:it.d. ,
BOL
0
PASHA
Oil!
its Arguments Before'
French High Court
ANY ATTEND THE 1
HEARING " BEFORE !
LABOR ARBITER
Federal Mediator in Chict-jo'
and Hears Witnesses on the
Question of Wajres Paid By
the Packers.
SHE RUNS r. W. C. A.
HOTEL IX PARIS
(Uy Review lea!ei Wire)
PARIS. Feb. 12. Ail the evident
WENT TC DOUGLAS.
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors
time since the recent storms and par
ties are advised to go the Benson
route.
NO NEW SMALLPOX CASES.
The smallpox situation is looking
further d'cine brou-.ht
nn the hind let of a brown dr.s The
officers covered the dog up and start- and speeches by witnesses in the ot
cd on their wav back to town in di;- of llolo Pasha, who is on trial iW tra
sust. Th6 weather w?s warm ye-ter- son. nd apparently all the other ".if
Supersedeas Is
j rillCAUO. Feb. Ii.-Mothers wiih
: babies in their r.rms. m well as tiri
j worlicrs ar.d mea can-a from the sto.-k :
dav afternoon and the rf'icers work
ed up a good sweat on the hill climb.
A. C. Karger, Supervisors Sparks and e smai'pox s.cuauon is loowng , . p
others went to Ucuglas last evening brighter as there were no new cases I f fl F(lCS
I
Robert Rae, chairman of the hotel
yesterday according to Dr. Brown, t
city health officer, and hopes are en
tertained that there will not be any
further spread of the disease. Yes
terday was a quiet one at the C- Q
dispensary as nearly every person in
oisunr oas wtu utiuwicu auu ".and restaurant division cf the federal
Two soldiers who were caught in seratched on the arm yesterday
t,o on -"-cont r. tre ouarantice . t pnji-icians.
were allowed to return to their gi-' ppxnp,:!
heir nass was bout 'to expire. Both ' Sheriff Red Gannon and Geo. their patriotism
had recertlv been vaccinated and had Mnmra T?lae u" rDg rrom
been examined bv the local doctors. T"!LW?17 'h.ey J,.!it
from Tombstone on official business.
They did not come this way but went
by the Gleason-McXenl route. Bisbee
is losing lots of visitors by the quaran-tine.
ALLOWED TO DEPART.
fairs" now under investigation bWorr.
the French court, hud teen voiu-Vu.leu
this afternoon and tomorrow's sitting
will open with arguments of the poe
cutor. He will ak ihit the seau-nce
cf death be imposed uron Bo!o.
The trial was resumed totlay wan
M. Hoyen. an expert accowntan: agttirt
I yar-ls today to tessify in i':e wage rin
KjrllllllxJU in oust' 1
(ity Rf iw Loaned Wlr)
CHICAGO. Feb. Auoraeys
Henrj" VeeUer. general couns.-l
rovers y totrvn the packers av,t their
i empl-ne before Federal Jiu'jte Als-
chulv, recently appointed n nrbitei :
I by Sex retary of l ;r Wilson,
for I The woinen h?d b a railed by th
for
tabor unicr.s to give evi.Ionre of t.V?
WW W . . Siff i. I' t.l . ;...,. -..V. umus (.'mpiaui
Having umoiem o mriz s omv..k;! tXrJ ot
oy .Monsignor Jtoio. t.ro:ner ot tne ae- - nueu mhips circuit cou-t ot appeals! V ' r,;:i .v-' fc-
fendant. that Boveu iiad disnoncred in the governait nt s search warrant ,". "J A . , i
himself by faUifyiag a port." n cf his case with the result that farther ,Bro'J'h??,tof1 f! kers.
S' s.t y , v . .
S-t : ? ' ' - - '
Others are being kept under the strict d to Ie?wi f badly
quarantine law. led. He ws pinned under the machine
I for five minutes before he was re
CRUSADE STARTED. leased by Humra and Hardwick. Hard-
- ti a I rotwrt An lLf-Ifi C t-m it iuj SMrrfl 4.1 I hp T"l ' II nr IhA ftbar
The witness spoke with treat' reserve lawyer for evidence in the iederal P'-mts although oranU-ed. reoeiv-
and r.ioileratioc. declaring nie;.:lv th;it trace commission s iavestieations will , J oai7 " cents an nci.r, wni.e t .?
ty, issued an appeal yesterday calling he took exception "to the farn. in be delayed until after March 1st. s , 0816(1 or. ' cents an hour. la
which these criticisms were presented Jn mat aate tne l nited States cir- " i""""" ' wort
hy a men who strangely a'tuses the cuit court of appeals will pass on theFa ,a 1 ,e yams ror 44 cents wren ne
moral authority conferred on U:n by validity of the governments writ, is-jcouid get TS cents outside a few Mocks
food administration for Cochise coun-
npon the people of the county to show
by eat.ng ouly at
. : I
the cloth he wears." M. Dcyea then sued under tie search and seizure seo
ipic"OUMy P''i reiterated and explained in -lil the tion of the esp!onae law
The lecal officer, yesterday started wick was driving the machine at the V"! s""5 reiterated h .attacks or yestera.
en the work cf roun ling np the youths time of the accident and not Red. The ; '.rilS wl : Pecilly ," authenticlty of :;
. . , .1. . 1. , ' wi '.i . - ... . . . . ! the food administration pledue card eirrams of Count von Bernstorf
that ere in the habit of smoking c!g- machine will be in a repair shop for k-i ...... , .."17 . V,"
arettea and two of their number' a day or two.
found themselves before the court-
They were given a severe reprimand;
and were escorted to the jail where
IN BAD AGAIN.
A. N. Wright, who
they were held for a couple of hours. ; months on the county
served
real
six
such hotels and public eating places
as
emb
umimsxrauon s icoa conservaucn j o-, brother had challenge!. trade commission, declared the delay
army. Mr. Rae rays: I fter M. Doven had testified. Mon- resulting from the appeal will not se-
"Every hotel, restaurant and public, sjRnor Rolo again tk the stand an 1 riously hamper the government agents
eating place in Cochise county has ; reiterated his attacks of veslerday. es- in the investigation and prosecution
10 tel- of the alleged felonies charged in the
torff. for- affidavit on which the searca warrant
and thus secure one of the official mer German ambassador to the Cnit- was issued,
emblems to display in the door ored States, duplicates of which he in-
window.' J isted should be produced rather than
.vorc loan av.u'n; people or Arizona. 10 reir on American iaie uepsmneni
Business Locals
MATERNITY HOME
Call Black 573 for terms, etc
Mrh inrMpntlnp a fmilr ctt natri- dociimPntS-
itv.SitaVih P'S inK ob h re-.Monday, that the American ,overn
"'""...I'ouesta of the ftKd administration so ' ment could not be questioned, the'
oi i;ie ihtt. was reieasea irem iei- .v . . nHt croatrvt cron hr Mrini.
iai s iuci viiiuiusiauica win px-i -
.-. nasHionntelv. "th American rovern-
rens, who are themselves trying to nocnt brotner-
.Maurice toilette, rormer minister oi '
TIRED, WORN-OUT
road camp about ten days ago ani,
went back to Naco where be secured j
posession of at army revolver hat
away, he said that he would have to:
join another local of the union which
would cost him $200. !
S. C. Ftaxee. superintendent of thej
Wilson & Co. plant, the nest witness. ;
said that the average wace paid the
mtn in his plant was 27 rents an hocr,
aril that a similar wage was paid in.
other plants. He explained that sev-j
tral years aso agreements had been
made by te packers to stnndarJize
the wages paid for varioas types cf
work.
Other men emploved in various
AWn MICCHADI rJ,rj,aVs testified that their basic rate
nllU lTiluLUMDLLior W w,,s l0" than that paid to the
same class of labor in other insiitu-
The hearing will continue in-
... -f
Mis Blanch Geary.
American women in Paris
nay stop at the sort of a hotel they
are used to. Miss Blanch Geary,
out'-inp construction expert for th
Y. W. C A, has been put in eharjre
or Ue association's new Hotel Petro
eru. Miss Geary strperintended th
construction of aumeroas hostess
nooses at cantotunenta in this coun
nient has not the right to shoot uiy in- Meny Bisbee People in This Condition.
Hons.
definitely.
i taken to Tucson by Deputy United j j?ub,I,c eatin P"iac
T . " .'not nisnlflT pfincnirnfiitel.
L. I GHman Bells
"the phonograph wita
,. tfnisn f-- ti, irt, rr.lr.lKB5- cu are neinseies Irving ".... : I
. . aid this countrv win the war to re-i .iaance lonetie. xormer minister oi -p. . ...
camD. and as he refused to state how 1 s uutry " la lne w"r lo . There is little rest for many a kid-
1. i Train from cstinsf At nr nittmn Tin' u-aisti.cucv, irLiiiru luai me luirra'.
It came Into his possession, he !S. n n t l .n' : opinion amon narliamentarr and min- ne- sufferer.
u-c-a I . - : -V. Ll.l .- J
istenat circles in August, lsii. was m- nuucj. ira iuu.iru, son xwi
painfuL
I The sufferer, tired, worn-out; Ce-
iens to report all cases that coCe to . ' ' " ,,T, ' , ' .L, , Prpsse1-
their attention. where any public eat-j TLot riav re-! 'eys need quick help-
KILLED IN ACCIDENT. t f. P1" .w.n,cn lsPlay ?"e ? ln.e counted the good deeds of Bolo Pasha special ki.ney remedy.
Miss Winifred Cooley. one of the 0II,c'al eDlems- 13 l ""htuity on- n(, Darius porchere. an accountant : oan s Kidney Pills have stood the
teachers In the public schools yester- "ing iuesaays ana saturaays as who is a codefendant with Bolo. an.l test,
dar received word that her brother . Pcrkiess days and Mondays and Wed- lso toId or the aer-onal feuds be-1 Have nroven their r.erit to thon-
Cigara and tobacco afl night can be ra'u coolev. had been ki'led at "dars wheatiess days, or who do tween the newspapermen for and ands Mf kidnev sufferers.
,., -c" ' .vtempnis. Tennessee, WDere be was! . ' 8io5i aeiimor in-nra nmuurii, i.e. r r;oI)w, .rJer HOUbt this I
. .j , . 1 wheat less everv lit and the even nr . .. c,!. i-i . .- i -an a llls reEjer QOUDi ui.s
( s siuaeiu in ine army atianon scuooi ' . " v '" .-. m-i.. v-- ' frM. nrf
Mrs. Marv Maffeo, Genem! Delivery.
Phone 45 or 750 for prices on paint
ing "and paper hanging. New goods
now fcere. Guarantee Paint Co.
Adv. 2S0
TS: cs VaAhal James Mcrtonald and not 'P conspicuously the official , le"" clrcles m as
! the New Edison, fctales irnai james ucuonaia na,r-,i-n, that no case would be found against
th a aonL- 1 wU1 be held to wait th action cfl -T"i nrw.i ,n i.i' Bolo Pasha, and that M. Painleve. then
,J a soul. , the CnUe1 states gnai jurj. nej.J And I appeal to all P-Wotte riJ- mMM ot ha(, that the
P,,BC ,hiCh fsplay f"e, f thwe. counted the good deeds of Bolo Pasha
offjcial emblems, is not faithfully ob-in(, Darius Porchere. an aCcoumaet i
MUST REGISTER OR .
FACE INTERNMENT
I meal as porkless. character charged Bolo with being a
ANTBODT who rides on jitney bus ! .... miw. .,,, t, i "The needs of the allies are increas- friend of Abbas Hilmi. former khedive
No. 125 Is protected against acci- j gne tas another brother Williamt ,nB CTerT day and we must all do our of Egypt, who, it has been charged. Bisbee, says: "I w as feeling tired and I Reporw today Indicated that many
dent Indemnity f 5.000 bond. i -. v ;.w t-.- i dutv by them and sunnlv them, so far sent monev to Bolo for nse in carrvmc lanrjid and dirln't want to do oriTthinr. ! Germans remained unregistered in
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 1 Vnna
titralized Germans who do rot register
with the police or postmasters by to
morrow night will be subject to In
ternment for the war. the department
of Justice explained touay in a fin::l
warning to those subject to regula
tion. The time was extended from iast
SaturJay to allow the enrollment of
farmers in the west who couij not got
to town during the bad weather ot
last week.
W. E MALCOMB.
AdT.
' Cooiey who was with the Engineer1 dutv them and supply them, so far sent money to Bolo for nse in carryitvc. languid and diin't want to do anything.
' Ccrps of the Copper Queen companvl3 we are ble- wittl tne food neces- on German propaganda. "Why," said . couldnt bend over without sharp
862 np until the war started, but he eri-l8 to maintain their physical Delancle "President Wilson i has not p,. catching me in my back. I knew
listed and is now somewhere in
See our new wan papers. Guarantee France. The sympathv of the entire
Paint Co. Phone 45 or 750. AdT. 280 ! community Is extended to the young
" . lady in the hours of her trouble.
Expert paper banger ana painter. C j
J.Brandt. Phone 456. Box 150. 6801 ONLY DEAD DRUNK.
Miners coming off shift at an early
j strength to win the war?"
eastern cities.
WILL ANSWER SOON
I- The only incident of the day oc- mr kidneys disordered and need-
' curred when M. Viollette. in testifying kelp. A friend advised Doan s Kid-;
referred to tyo documents sent in Aug- ney Pills and one box freed me of itia-
ust and September. 1917, by Prosecu- ney trouble."
Price 60c. at all dealers. Dont sini-'.
can be had after 1 . m. at Enp'.ish ' lying flat on the ground as if dead. President Wilson's message
Kifhen. Aiv 537 ! near the Copper Queen hospitaL One Ireichstag next Tuesday.
' . ui lur uuuiurr iuiuui Muppiu IU1
, ROCK HILL'S STAGE 'investigate rushed into the hospital f
Bis bee-Tom bstone. Leaves Bisbee - and said that there was a man dead
Bisbee Auto Co.. 7 a. m, 1:30 p. m. ? outside and to call an officer. He
Phone Bisbee 6. Adv. ; called np from there and reported the
I mutter but when he went back out
Dr. Play fair. Osteopath. 98 Mason to find his dead man others had found
HIH, Mason car stop. Phone Bine C47. him and brought him to life. He was
Ad. 231 ' onlv drunk and wanted to start a
CBr Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Feb. 12. Count on Hert- tor Moraet to Minister of War Fin
ing, the imperial German chancellor, leve. M. Salles. on behalf of Bolo Pa-
K-r. T.1, i . V. j:..L -1 .1 I . . k. J Ka "
'Js-t-- uPica w.u Doan-s Kidney Pi!!s-the same that
Mrs. Maffeo had. Foster-Milburn Co
ply ask for a kidney remedy get
Poof T-nH-i r9 anj l),.- bonr Sundsv mom Tiv found s msn1 . i .. . i . . . .. .... . : Doan 8
v 'b j - , , AiuMrruaui 3s, julcuus lu aositer 8uuiuii,iea lu toe aeieuse, ui inia s
r
; v
Automobile Dealers
The Stanley
Steam Car
Nothing short of Tast superiority of PERFORMANCE could have
brought success and profits to the STANLEY In its single handed
fight for STEAM.
Nothing short of STORED POWER can make such superiority of
performance possible in the STANLEY, or in any other car.
NotXing but STEAM can give this stored power, built np in ad
vance, and replenished automatically as fast as used.
Storing power Is the natural function of the STANLEY. The per
formance that comes from STEAM, stored in advance,, means eman
cipation from clutch pedaling and gear shifting it means power at
low speeds it means safety for yourself and your family the Tery
thincs yon have always wanted most.
-no ignition system no clutch
The STANLEY has no carburator
no gear shift no self starter.
But it has stored power It has but two cylinders, and ITS FCEL
IS KEROSENE. TOPS. DISTILLATE or even CRUDE OIL.
I
I
YOUR TERRITORY IS STILL OPEN.
Communicate With Us If You Are Interested.
Arizona Steam Motors Co.
(Incorporated.)
JACK SMITH. Maiger.
334 East Washington Street.
Phoenix, Arizona.
in the refused bv the court and M. Mornet. r.-...uu.u v
Salles then requested of General Du- Props.. Buffalo. N. Y. Adv. j
tiirs.Kxcchixa war woks off the page
.RUNAWAY CAR
SnilKESXERRCR
mai jiinnrernp,
EssL,
JZsM'&ry X ' l.Before.Ser
F :7 M - 'fset
; ,-.-."itT-.- : . ll- t.L
ah- ' "- - ' f- f '.'.jj.' '' ' Pol twnorr
efi ,; ' -' w s. ' ,V!5 acjuaini
y ; : at. ; fnjnn
. . i Vierreatw
llM5i.';--fvTi '-A ' ' ! i al memb
cj.,tf;..;. ; f ; , or- Vto ren
THIS IS A STORE FOR THE
B'JSY MAN.
who wants to be waited on prompt
ly and served courteously and
given full money's wcrth for mo
ney spent a store that means to
give the same attention whether
the purchase is large or small a
store always ready to take back
goods and hand hark money, with
no cross looks. We want you to
judge this store by its services, not
by its promises. "Doing is the
great thing." JOE DICKSTEIN
Men's Furnishers and Clothiers
Main SU next to Bisbee Review.
"The Store With a Conscience."
PEVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
...THE.
.LlKj i.
MATERIAL
TOGETHER WITH THE
BEST OF SERVICE AND
TREATMENT AND OUR
PRICE IS NO MORE.
EVERYTHING IN THE
BUILDING LINE
Gibson -Hines
Lumber Co.
J. W. F. SMITH
Phone S3 Manager
r
X? 'A '
RQUHfiNIMiS Roarsuv
- .
. - ymd for a mnvt
Vams from ma
as wen aa
orr ef eoagre
Defeat Siberian
.5
K .
ULUII ti I tlLIIUl
LENTEN
SUGGESTIONS
. This store is prepared to serve you
in the following fresh and canned
sea foods:
Fresh Sea Foods
Salmon. Lobster, Baracuda. Halibut.
Soles, Rock Cod. Smelt?. Herring.
Sand Dabs, Eastern Oysters, etc.
Canned and Dried Sea Foods
Sardines. Fish in Glass. Cod Fish
in I and 2-pound boxes. Minced
Clams. Clam Chowder. Tuna Fish.
Shrimp. Fish Salad, Crab Salad, etc.
U. S. FOOD ADMINISTRATION LICENSE NUMBER C-t3tt
J
i
i
u.iL Ci-th Siberian div?l
nivic-fnn fsioa &ca a portion, of the Tenth dirt-1
KI""""! - . v. .v-:- I
ma -lirmDwa IV luiuk tucv mmT
Baby Morrison Marshall, the rice president'i baby.
What parent can look at this seventeen-month-old bouncer and not forget war woe and won lea at least
for the time! He is Clarence I. Morrison, or Morrison Marshall to (rive him the name Washington knows him
best by. He is a protejre of Mrs. Thomas R. Marshall, wife of the vice president, and has developed from a
tiny, undergrown infant to what you see, Mrs. Marshall found him in a Washington diet kitchen infirmary and
borrowed him from his mother that Jie might care for him in ber own home. He is one of twins, the mother
keeiin the other one.
Ihe Marshall have not adopted the boy but have an m definite "loan oi nam. fart ox bis rejuvenation '
due to a few weeks in Michigan and Arizona with the Marshall.
COPFER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon d uly. Abo $ I .CO dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $4J;
$ 1 0 by the week.
Henry Poppen- Manager.