if
WEATHER.
-ft -fr ft-
VOL. 21, NO. 57.
GERMANS LOSE
IT
FOR
SOilE RiVER TO ALLIES
ON FIVE MILE FRONT EVACUATE
POSITIONS .TO BRITISH NEAR
ALBERT WHILE FRENCH TAKE
HILLY, WOODED DISTRICT
SOUTH OF RIVER FROM FOE
TRENCHES ARE EMPTIED
UNTENABLE IN FACE OF HEAVY
FIRE DIRECTED BY BRITISH;
UNOFFICIAL REPORTS OF CAP
TURE OF LASSIGNY BY FRENCH
AND GAINS BY AUSTRALIANS
UNDATED WAR LEAD, (By the As
sociated Press). North and south of
the Somme the Geimans ha,ve lost fur
ther important ground. In the former
region they have evacuated their posi
tion over a five mile front to the
Lritish north of Albert, w hile in 'the
latter they have been beaten back in
the hilly and wooded district just north
cf the Oise river by the French.
German front line trenches at Beau
mont Hamel, Serre, Puisieux-Au-Mont
and Bucquoy have been found untenr
able by the enemy in the face of the
recent activity by the tiriush along
the !ine from Albert to Arras, while
the French have persevered in their
violent attacks against the Germans
on the sector which dominates the
lower portion of the Picardy plain and
the Oise valley, and have encroached
further upon the Lassfcny massif and
the Thiescourt plateau and further
south have captured the important
town of Ribecourt.
Lnorficial reports have announced
the capture of I.assigny by the French
and of all the German positions be
tween the western outskirts of JSray
SurScmme and Etinehein by the Ajs
trians. From the Somme to the Oise, ex
cept in the latter region where the
French have made further gains, the
Germans seemingly have' had further
success in holding back the allied
troops and still are in possession ot
Chaulnes and Roye, upon the capture
of which the efforts of the British and
French have been centered. On this
central part of the battle front ihe
enemy continues to deliver violent
counter attacks and also has further
reinforced his line with men and guns
and is using them without stint to re
tain his positions, realizng that their
capture would spell diseaster.
Tlie giving up of front line trenches
noith of Albert may mean the Germans
foresee the ultimate success- of the
American snd British operations along
the Somme. In any event the retro
grade movement seemingly indicates
that the ten mile salient between Beau
mont Hamel and Bray on the Soinme,
with Albert its apex, next give way
in order that the German front nera
may come into alignment with that
in theouth across the Somme. Prob
ably the German purpose tn to read
just their front from the Somme to
Arras.
The capture of Ribecourt by the,
French marks an important epoch In
the of.'ensive which has Tor its im
mediate purpose the freeing of the re
gion between the SommP and the Oise.
As a gain from the strategic stand
point it ranks with the taking by the
French of the forest and hill posi
tions between the Matz and the Oise,
which has brought the Fench almost
to the gates of Lassigny. Through
Ribecourt lies an open route up the
Oise valley to Noyon a route by rail
and the big national thoroughfare, not
to mention the canal which parallels
the rcadwavs for the greater part of
the way. Noyon is only a little more
than six mils northeast of Ribecaurt.
Although they are still encountering
violent resistance, the French are con
tinuing to make progress through the
wooded and hill country between the
Matz and the Oise, where the Germans
from recesses in the forests, on spars
and in the canyons are using machine
guns innumerable. Gas is also being
fContlnu. on Pag Two
Naval Experts Say Attack
With Gas Not Engineered
By
WASHINGTON. Aug 14. Al
though final reports of the investi
gation into the "gas attacks"' tin
Smith's island, Nrrth Carolina,
last Saturday, have not yet
reached the navy department,
there were strong inlimations to
day that the "gas" was not from
a German submarine as first re
ported. Xo explanation of the in
cident has been offered and none
probably will be until complete
information is at hand.
It is understood there is reason
to believe that no submarine was
in the vicinity of the island at
tne lime six men in the coast
guard station were reorted !o
FURTHER
STRANGE VESSEL COMES
BETWEEN BRITISHER AND
SUBMARINE IN DANGER
.
(Ev Review Leased Wire)
AX ATLANTIC POUT. Aug 14
The stcry of their two hour fight
with a submarine, forty-live miles
off the coast was (old here today by
members of the crew of a British
freight steamer which reached por;
undamaged. When fie freighter
sent out S. O. S. calls a ship ap
peared. When the British gun fire
was getting close to the submarine,
then only two miles away, the un
known vessel maneuvered between
the combatants and saved the
enemy craft.
ALLIEDMNCHES
Germans in Front of British
Concentrate in the Old De
fenses of 1916; No Sign of
Counter Attack
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IN
FRANCE, Aug. 14 (By the Associated
Press). The battle area between Fou
qescourt and Roye, the enemy appears
to be in a fairly strong position in the
eld trenches behind the rusty wiro
erected prior to July 1916. This area
is strongly garrisoned.
There are no immediate signs of a
counter offensive. The enemy seems
to have accepted defeat.
It is believed the Germans are souie
whal nervous. According to the ralii
of prisoners, at least five and probably
more enemy divisions have been with
drawn from the fighting in an exhaust
ed condition.
The Australians have cleared the
enemy Irom Cateaux Wood, just south
of Bray, straightening their line at the
river and eliminating an enemy strong
point. Southeast of Boisleux-St Man1,
south of Arras, the Germans attempted
a raid on the allied positions. Four
managed to get in, and one was killed
and another wounded. All the hostile
positions between the western outskits
of Bray and Etinehein are in the hands
of the Australians who now control
the northnbank of the Somme south
west -of Bray.
The Germans have not desisted from
the practice of leaving man traps in
the territory from which they have
been chased. The body of a British
officer found in Aveluy had a German
grenade attached to the wrist in such
a manner that it would have ex
ploded had not the body been moved
cautiously.
DAVIDSON WITHDRAWS
(By Review Leased witv
MARSHALL, Tex., Aug. 14. T. W.
Davidson, candidate for lieutenant gov
ernor in the recent Texas democratic
primary, and who ran a close second
to W. A. Johnson, the leading candi
date, today withdrew from the run-otf
primary sceheduled for August 24. Mr.
Davidson said there were no political
issues' involved requiring that he re
main in the race and recent develop
ments ndicate his tender of his serv
ices to the government for war work
wou'd be accepted.
CERTIFICATES OVER SUBSCRIBED
CHv Review J.ensc1 Wire
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14. The $300,
000.000 issue of certificates of indebt
edness which closed yesterday was
over subscribed. The total will not
be known until tomorrow.
GROUND ON
BY
HOLDING
STRONG
POSTS IN
Hun Sub After All
have been overcome. The theory
that a submarine h:ul discharged
gas-laden oil on t.'iose waters
never was accepted by many naval
experts.
The only reports of further oper
ations by the raiders now in Amer
ican waters reaching the navy de
partment today gave additional In
formation regarding the torpedo
ing of the oil tank steamer Fred
erick IL Kellogg, the name of
which was given in naval dis
patches as Henry S. Kellogg. Sev
en men of the crew who are miss
ing are believed to have gone
clown with the ship, which sank
in live mlnut"s.
THE BISBEE DAILY
CURTAIN OF
RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT IN STATE
OF TURMOIL WITH UNSKILLED
HANDS TRYING TO HANDLE
RUDDER OF SHIP OF STATE
PRACTICE DEEP DIPLOMACY
TWO CONSULS ARE HELD
MANY ALLIED NATIONALS UNDER
ARREST, HELD AS HOSTAGES
PENDING OUTCOME EXPEDI
TIONS LANDED BY ALLIES ON
MURMAN COAST AND SIBERIA
(V.y Review leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14. Official
dispatches today from American Con
sul General Poole in Moscow lifted
the curtain for a moment and revealed
an amazing train of events in that
city.
Consul General Poole, after witness
ing the violation of the French and
British consulates and the arrests of
the consuls general and their staffs,
destroyed his code book and papers
and turned the affairs of the American
consulate over to the Swedish consul,
at the same time demanding safe con
duct from the country for himself and
his associates.
French and British citizens have
been arrested and the bolsheviki have
announced they would hold them as
hostages because cf the attack on the
soviet government by British and
French troops at Archangel.
Members of the French and Britr
ish military mission stationed in Mos
cow were refused permission to leave
the country, in spite cf a previojs
promise of safe conduct.
It is possible that since the sending
of consul General Poole's telegrams,
which began on July 29 and continued
until August 6, the situation may have
changed, because it is reported that
Lenine and Trotzky. the Bolshevik!
leaders, have fled and the soviet gov
ernment in Moscow may have been
overthrown.
Should the situation be unchanged,
the American consul general's action
in turning his office over to Sweden
will not affect the status of other
American consuls in Russia, as they
have been working with the local gov
ernments throughout Russia where
pro-ally feeling is strong.
The story is told in sequence in the
state department's official, announce
ment of its advices from Mr. Poole, i
It follows:
"The department of state now lias i
received several telecrams from Con
sul General Poole at Moscow, con-
(Continued on Pape Four)
dl n nf j c rr
UUIH lucre Hiuucs Ul lciciioc
r : I smo
V, . . . . all. u 111 wS
Numbers Onnosit Amer-
numDers opposite vmer-
-0l -
W" -O.V,
WITH THK AMKRICAN ARMY OX
THE VESLE, Aug. 14 (Dy The Asso-!
ciated Press). From one end to the
other of the Franco-American line be
tween Soissons and Rheims and fn
into the back areas, the Germans
dropped bombs from the air before
daylight today. The remainder of Vw
day was confined to a sluggish recip
rocal artillery duel.
On the flanks of the position, which
are held by the French, light attacks
were repulsed during Tuesday niclit.
The French also were subjected
1
bomb attacks. At no point has there
been any alteration in the line. j
Xot since the German retreat halted i
has there been aerial mlds of the mag-1
nitude of the one today. The Amor- j
icans stood up well under t!ie bombard- !
ment. .
The front line was pounded and a!-;
most every village and the roads be- i
tween were subjected to the bom'i.'.rd- '
ment, but the great number of bombs
fell on unoccupied ground. This was
taken to indicate that the German air-
..I.il t..,. 1.. .. l.lt.wl
' .t, I
,-,...., ,i
I lie present iieriiiaii line, wimi
...Ill -.r.l..,l l,.,,.,,.npv ,o
?IIH iroium ii.i ,vi.i(-..i...j '
depends oil a ueieiise oi iiiiicuine f.uuh
and airplanes. The enemy has concen
trated mac-hie guns at about one every
fifty yards, a density rarely efiect'd.
Their aerial defense relatively is far
superior to any established hitherto
on this front.
mystery is
lifted how
HUNS DEPEND
MACHINE
GUNS
AND
AIRPLANES
Associated Press Special Leased Wire
REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, AUGUST 15, 1918.
HOW WESTERN FRONT
l YMIS. (c? ' 71a
J )
HAXI8A00CK ? V S'-V' N S fe
o nut I .rrT
W , -5
V.s- - V &
" "V-: IrV, " VALENCIENNES
J Tct CHATEAU THlCJih'l 'jrnyi''.f
-C MfcAIJX rCx -i
Western front frc:n north st-a to Kheims. Inset shows iouih uu oi lint
to Swiss border.
SEEK CLOSER UNION
(By Review leased Wire) i
LONDON, Aug. 14. According to
the Evening News, Lord Reading, the
British 'ambassador to the L'niteC;
States who is here will discuss with ,
Fremier Lloyd George and Arthur J. j
Balfour, minister of foreign affairs,
proposals for a closer Anglo-American ,
co-operation, both during the war and ,
afterward. The newspaper says the I
proposals involve an offensive and de -
fensive alliance in which the co-opera-
GIVEN STRICT
Told Before They Start for
Europe That They Must
'Support President in All
Details of Plans
Tiv Roviw i.rnS(.i wire)
XEW YORK. Aug. 14-Wiliiam Eng.
, !, U'nlllno. ,,9r f ,..!., 1
(i,,,Ilrcratic league, made public tonight
jthe text of the orpanlzation.8 m.struc-
itiens to its mission now visiting the
lli,l TU. A M,
tni, w tuuuii u a. 111a r aa uiiiicr, .i .
Walling explained, because the league
had received information certain state-
iments of members of the mission had
hrpn "d by "pacifists fanatics' in
r.unipe 10 give tne impression ine
American people were not behind the
president.
The following were their instruc
tions n respect to the proposed inter
national socialist conference:
"1. All delegates admitted to the
conference must accept as the mini
mum peace terms of democracy the
fourteen principles formulated by
President Wilson January 8. and t-'ie
..in.!!..- ......... n...A.I Uv tttO
liiuiuil i-dl r- itnun auuiru iij mi
;iiu-'iiie socialists iiiiu me iim?ii nniui
j party at Ixmilon. February 2'J
Ml delegates must recognize
DELEGATES
ARE
INSTRUCTIONS
this war as being a war between alitor-j Some fac ts entirely new to the coni
racy and democracy, snd must.be do- n,ittie bearing on the question were
ing all in their power to bring ahcu' ,
tr.e triumph oi democracy. j
"3. All delegates from autocratic t
countries must be using their full pow-
er Tor the immediate oterthrow of
their autocratic governments." j
Kpliiining these. Mr.' Walling slid:
"Tho importance of these instruc- j
i lions are char when it Is realized that
conference would be composed of nt
least 90 ner cent of kaiserites. bolshe
least !0 per cent
.'!".-; ...... t .. u fr-t-lwil tli o v 1 L- I !ii'l.
:'. I" " H...H.-I. ' " I
r ..... I . on, I
ii.. .....i:... .i,.iit-il
lini. laiiiiinrt. tnni ' inn.!
ii.k. itiiiiiin r, titi.i
I "And tlie power and threat of these
treacherous forces must not be under
estimated even in Kngland and France.
Of tlie ;',(it) pui'liiiicntary candidates of
the labor party so far chosen some
icViitinm-d en Paso Four)
S3)
Service.
HAS BEEN CHANGED
tion of other democratic nations will
be welcomed.
Lord Reading's visit has mainly to
do with financial readjustments con
nected with the assumption by the
United States of responsibility for
loans to allied nations heretofore
borne by Great Britain, the Evening
News says, and with the conclusion
of negotiations Mor certain further
loans in which the United States,
; Great Britain and France are to par-
Iticipate.
EXPLAINS PLAN
TO MEMBER OF
McAdoo Lays Before Com
mitteemen His Plan for Ex
cess Profit Tax, Alternative
War Profit Levy
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14. Secretary
McAdoo laid before the house ways
and means committee today his plan
for an excess profits tax with an alter
native war profits levy to be included
in the new revenue bill. The plan
proposes the retention of existing
rates in the present excess profits
law with the alternative application of
an excess profits tax with 8 maxi
mum of 80 per cent, affecting about
90 per cent of all the buslnesj cor
porations coniine under this schedule.
Secretary MrAdnn estimated that i
the treasury plan would produce from J
$00.000.00t to $400,000,000 more than
under the plan tentatively agreed
upon by the committee recently.
At the conclusion of the conference
Secietary McAdoo and Chairman Kit
chin joined in the prediction that they
would get together on a plan and Sec
rectory McAdoo added tjuit "you an
see that Mr. Kltchln and I have no
bayonets for each other.
Mihrnitted by tlie treasury with the re-1
suit that tonight the outlook is that
, i'iier the treasury department plan
he adopted or that a compromise
embodying most of the substantion
principle s of the treasury plan will be
agreed to.
Despite this agreement and the In-
orrasi d revenue claimed for the treus-
ury plan, which Secretary McAdoo
said would take rare of exceptional
cases like tlie Ford Industry, some of
the Standard Oil subsidiaries and oth
ers, it was stated tonight that the "oill
still (alls short to the extent of be
tween r.no.iMHi.nno anil Sl.OoD.pnii.uoo of
the $S.0iiO.OiHi,iiini sought. A port tax
en tea. coffee, cocoa, sucar, Imna'i is
and other tropical fruits, coming
THIS COMMITTEE
(Continued on Tage Four)
MEXICO WILL
ENFORCE
OIL DECREE
REPLYING TO PROTEST OF GREAT
BRITAIN CARRANZA GOVERN
MENT INDICATES INTENTION
OF PAYING NO ATTENTION TO
OUTSIDE INTERFERENCE
DICTATED ALSO AT U. S.
REPLY OF FOREIGN MINISTER
AGUILAR DEEMED TO ADD TO
OBNOXIOUS NATURE OF DE
CREE OF LAST FEBRUARY,
RATHER THAN MITIGATING IT
(By Review I.easeil 'Wire)
MEXICO CITY, Aug. 14. Replying
to d protest from Great Britain against
provisions of the oil decree of Febru
ary 27, which was declared to be con
fiscatory and in violation of the rights
of English companies holding oil
claims, the Mexican government has
declared it does not recognize the
right of any foreign government to
protest against decress of this nature.
It holds that the Mexican govern-"!
ment is free to adopt such fiscal legis
lation as is necessary. It suggests
that recourse to courts would be the
prcper method cf determining whether
the oil land decree is unjust and con
fiscatory. j WASHINGTON. Aug. 14 So far
from mitigating the severity of the or
i iginal decree of February 27 last im
I posing new taxes and restrictions upon
I the foreign owners and operators of oil
properties in Mexico. In the opinion of
'ntririals herp- thp renlv nf the Mexican
government to the Fritish protest
(Continued on Page Four)
CONCLUDES ITS
Adopts Resolution Calling
Upon Government to Af
ford Relief in Gold Situa
, tion at Once
RENO, Nev., Au-,'. 14 The Amer
ican Gold Conference concluded s
three-day session here today. After
declaring that many mines have been
forced to cease operations because of
increased cost of operating In the last
six months; that many other's are now
running at a loss and are about to be
closed down or abandoned and that
a large portion of the gold mining in
dustry is now threatened with extinc
tion, the conference adopted a resolu
tion requesting:
Relief by the United States to the
gold producers of this country to cor
respond with the increased cost of pro
duction, the extent of such relief to
be fixed from time to time to meet
changing conditions.
That nothing contained in these res
olutions is to be construed as mean
ing an intention to alter the amount of
gold in the 'dollar or to place a pre
mium on gold.
The conference then voted to make
the organization permanent with rep
resentatives from all the gold produc
ing states and to open an office In
Reno-
HER
GOHFEREHCE
DELIBERATIONS
Plane Falls Crushing
Out Life of British
Officer Near Cincinnati
i CINCINNATI. O.. Aug. 4 Com
ing to Cincinnati to participate in
the "Flying Circus" just previous
to the start on a 3.000 mile air
cruize to western points, Capt.
James Fitz .iarrls. British Koal
Flying corps, was instantly killed
late this afternoon. The captain
had just left the ground at West
ern Hilis gli club for Cincinnati
when his engine died and the
plane tocxk a nose drive, crushing
Morris beneath it.
PLANNED GALA DAY
CINCINNATI. O.. Aun. 14
Capt. James Fitz Morris of the
British Royal Flying corn was
killed just west of the city today
when his engine died just after
he rose from the grounds of the
Thurs. and Fri. partly
loudy, possibly local
showers, warmer Thur
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ABOUT TO BE
STARTED HOW
WASHINGTON OFFICIALS THINK
GENERAL FOCH ABOUT TO
SEND TROOPS EITHER BE
TWEEN OISE AND SOISSONS OR
IN FLANDERS LINE
MAY BE ALL-YANKEE
GENERAL MARCH POINTS OUT IN
CONFERENCE HOW GREATLY
ALLIES HAVE BENEFITTED BY
RECENT DRIVES; WOULD DRIVE
BACK OF HINDENBERG LINE
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14. A ne
drie against the German positions
either in Flanders or between the Oise
and Soissons is expected by many
army officers here as a result or the
slewing up of the advance in the Pio
ardy theater.
Outlining the situation at bis mid
week conference today. General March,
chief of staff, confined his statements
to pointing out that the Germans have
now been pushed back until they are
not within fifty miles o Paris at any
point. The bead of the rmy has pr:
viously laid stress on the fact, how
ever, that the great advantage won
by Marshal Foch in a military ay
is in having wrested the Initiative
frcm the enemy. The opinion prevail
fns among other officers is that tne
present struggle around Roye and Las
signy would, soon terminate in the cap
ture of those points, to be followed by
the taking of Noyon.
General March said tnat General
Pershing now has 1.250.ooi) American
troops organized into the first army
corps. Presumably the Americans on
the British left flank in Picardy. idn
tified by the chief of staff as the 131st
infantry of the 33rd (Illinois) natiouat
guard division, are among those still
brigaded for training.
It appears possible to some officer
that the organization of the first Amer
ican ajmy miht be followed by an
all-American attack at some point on
the line which it holds beyond Ver
dun, wiiere there has been no recent
fighting. '
The primary purpose or the two
blows Marshal Foch has struck has
been realized. Hoth in the Ais,-i-Marne
battle and again in Picardy the
attacks were defensive measures to
free Paris from the menace of the
two wedges the enemy had driven in
that direction. The value of the drives
in this respect was pointed out oy
General March today.
Officers here, therefore, anticipate
!a complete change in the character of
the fighting In the next phase of the
battle with Foch s army assuming tne
offensive in the fullest sense of tn
word and striking to force the enemy
back in such manner that he cannot
avail himself o his old Hindenbjr
line defenses.
It appears very probable to some ob
servers that the Flanders front raUht
see the next blaze kindled with a
double drive by British forces to pln-h.
out the salient there as it has been
pinched out at the Maine and again irr
Picardy.
PREMIER CONGRATULATES HAIG
CUv Review I.piwM Wire)
LONDON, Aug. U Premier David
Lloyd George has. in the name of the
Rrttish nation, sent his felicitations o
Field Marshal Sir Douglas Haig. the
British commander, in the fighting in
Picardy. The message reads:
"The imperial war cabinet wishes to
canvey to you and the officers, un
commissioned officers and men of
your command, warmest congratula
tions on the triumph achieved by the
allied armies in the third battle ot the
Somme. The British empire sends
heartfelt thanks to you and your mot
gallant troops."
Western Hills country club to
make the last lap of a journey
from Indianapolis to Cincinnati.
Capt. Fitz Morris was killed in
stantly, w hen his plane crashed to
earth.
American and British aviators
planned a gala day. A number of
Americans from the Davton field,
led by MaJ. Claud K. Rhlnehardt,
who had flown from Mineola, were
to meet the British riyers here
who were coming from Indlanar
polls under the leadership of Brig
adier GenerM Charles F. Lee. Two
of the American machines were
forced to land near Middletown
earlier in the day. Both turned
over and Lieut. Karl Carrol was
slightly injured. He continued to
Cincinnati n another machine.
NEW ATTACK THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, AUGUST 15, 1918.
TWl
MEXICANS KILL
AM
t
AT PILARES
Austin Shot Down by Dis
gruntled Employe Because
He Was Refused Job as
Miner Instead of Mucker
Earl Guy Austin, mine foreman ror
the Moctezuma Copper company at
Nacozari, was shot fend killed 'Mon
day afternoon .neaX-.his office by a
bunch of " Mexicans who fired ten
shou, three" . Of - which took effect.
Austin, a Mexican shot Durley, inflict
day afternoon and Mrs. Austin arrived
yesterday morning. She will accom
pany the body to Colorado Springs.
There appears to have been no
quarrel prior to the shooting. -Bisbee
Man Shot
Another man an American, was
shot during the trouble, it was learn
ed. This was L. S. Durley of Bisbee,
an assistant foreman at the mine, who
came out yesterday to stay in Bisbee
until he recuperates. After shooting
Austin, a Mexican hsot Durley, inflict
ing a flesh wound in the arm.
The shooting occurred at 4:30
o'clock Monday afternoon as the
shifts were changing. Several hun
dred Mexican miners were around at
the time. Three were seen to step
off by themselves. All three are said
to have engaged in the shooting. They
would have shot another American, .
la believed, but he happened to be
surrounded by Mexicans at the time.
Austin, foreman on the night shift,
was outside the mine office building.
As the Mexicans stepped up to him
without warning, he shot him in the
stomach. Austin doubled up and then
the Mexican shot him twice in the
face, mutilating blm terribly. Aus
tin lived until midnight and was con
scious most of the time, telling a clear
account of what occurred so far as he
Baw. Durley was inside the office.
The Mexican shot him through the
'door. No arrests were made.
Question of Jobs
Austin told, his friends that the
Mexican who did the shooting was
probably displeased because he had'
asked for a job timbering in the mine
and Austin had refused, saying that
he would have to work as a mucker.
This, according to accounts brought
GEN. COTERO KILLED
AND DAUGHTER IS
CARRIED AWAY
JUAItEZ, Mexico, Aug. 14. Gen
eral Justino Cotero, federal com
mander at Pearson, Chihuahua,
was killed by Martin Lopez's .band
when the passenger train wa dy
namited and robbed at Consuelo
station Saturday. General Cotero
was recognized by Fransico Villa,
who was with Lopez, and he or
dered the general executed. His
aged mother was also killed and
his daughter carried away to the
hills by the bandits, according to
Judge Jesus Cuen, who was on the
train which followed the wrecked
one.
Fifty-five federal soldiers were
. killed and wounded Sunday when
a second train tarrying amniuni-
tion to Santa Rosalia was wrecked
at Bachiraba Pass. The dynamite!!
train rolled down a steep embank
ment, thirty of the soldiers being
. killed and the others shot by the
Lcpez band.
.
Special Sale
A
95c g95c
Thursday and Friday
Aug. 16th and 17th
Our Bargain Booth will display these wonderful values
of men'3 shirts in sizes from 14 to 17 with neckband
and laundered cuffs, in large assortment of patterns in
percale and madras material.
$1.25 Values, Special 95c
Announcement '
On purchases made commencing OcloLer 1st, 1918,
vc will discontinue the present practice of passing
charge accounts to the Phelps Dodge Corporation, Cop-,
per Queen Branch and FJ Paso & Southwestern System
lor collection on their payrolls.
here, seemed to be the only excuse
for the shooting. Austin was a man
about 36 years old and well liked, lie
had worked at the mine a year and a
half.
C. B. Bacon came up from Nacozan
and will accompany Mrs. Austin
the family home at Colorado Springs,
where the funeral will take place. Aus
tin left no children.
Another fracas occurred at Naco
zari last week, when John Stemlor,
a mining man well known in this city,
got into a fight with a Mexican near
the concentrator in Nacozari. First
reports were that Stemler had shot
out several of the Mexican's teeth
with a 22-caliber pistol after the Mex
ican had attempted to stab him, but
it was later reported that Stemler had
knocked out the man's teeth when he
knocked him down with his fist. Stem
ler was first arrested and released on
bond and later it is reported here, re
arrested and taken to Cumpas for
trial. The Mexican who got into a
fight with Stemler was discharged
from his job.
GERMANS LOSE
IMPORTANT GROUND ,
ON SOMME RIVER
(Continued from Page One)
locsed in great quantities by the en
emy. Almost entire control of the
Thiescourt plateau and the rear hish
ground on this sector is now in the
hands of the French.
Along the Vesle the Germans again
have made unsuccessful attacks
against the French and the Americans,
who are still holding their positions.
In the mountain region on the west
ern Italian front the Italians hove
taken several important positions from
the Australians.
FRENCH OFFICIAL
PARIS, Aug. 14. The town of Ribe
court. on the road leading to Novon
.'and six and a quarter miles southwest
of that town, has been captured bv
the French, according to the official
statement issued tonight.
The statement follows: "
"During the day our troops, continu
ing their progress between the Mats
and the Oise, took Ribecourt.
"East of Belval our infantry ele
ments, having discovered preparations
for a German counter attack, succeed
ed in taking as prisoners seven of
ficers, of whom two were battalion
commanders, and a certain number of
soldiers.
"In the region of Roye and Lassigny
the artillery fire has been very spirit
ed." "Aviation Our crews have downed
or put out of action twelve German ma-
j chines. On the night of August 13-14
our bembing machines "dropped thirty
two tons of projectiles on enemy 6D
jectives. Tergnier, St. Quentin, Ham
and Noyon; on Bivouacs in the center
of the region of Oguolles and the rail
road stations at Maison, Bleue, Guigni
court and Chatellet Sur Tourne were
copiously Iforabarded. Violent fires
hroke out at Ham and Noyon, which
received their share of fifteen tons of
explosives.
"Army of the east There has been
moderate artillery activity along the
Struma and Vardar rlvprs.
''Our aviators have bombarded ar
tillery parks northeast of Monastlr.
Important losses were Inflicted on the
enemy. British aviators bombarded
bivouacs north of Gievgeli."
. BRITISH AIR OFFICIAL
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON, Aug. 14. Twttaty-one
German aiplanes were brought down
and ten driven down out of control
yesterday, tccording to an ..official
statement issued tonight on aviation
operations. Six British machines are
missing as a result of the aerial en
counters. British and American -ir
j squadrons co-operating in an atack on
;an enemy airdrome and destroyed iU
! machines parked near the hangars.
The text follows:
"The fine weather of August 12
again enabled us to carry out a large
s.
Men's Shirts
J
amount of aerial work. The continu
al bombing of the Soniiue bridges,
coupled with that of railway lines and
junctions which has taken place iiisii;
una d:.y hince tl:e beginning of ihe of
U nsne has imei k red with the an ;. ..1
of the eiK-my's i ?ir.loriement3. It has
i-l.-o frcii ti:e no my to employ i-rse
fo: ma. funs of air scouts in an en
deavor to protect communications ol
much vital importance to his otii.r
arms, but concentrations of our air
machines have effectively dealt wit"
all opposition. Fifty-eight tons cf
bembs have been dropped during the
last twenty-four hours on the fort-fcoinu
objectives, twenty-one tons by day and
thirty-seven tons by night.
"A raid a so was carried out on a
hostile airdrome, from a low height, hy
British anj American squadrons. The
raid resulted in six enemy machines
on the ground being destroyed aud
the hangars were set on fire.
"In air fighting twenty-one enemy
machines were brought down and ten
driven down out of control. Srii of
our machines are missing."
BRITISH OFFICIAL
LONDON. Aug. 14. The Germans
have evacuated their forward positions
at Beaumont Hamel Serre, I'uisiciix-Au-Mont
and Eucquoy, lying in the re
gicn north of Albert, according to
Field Marshal Haig's communication
issued tonight.
The text says:
"Local fighting lias taken place to
day on the battle front in the neigh
borhood of Parvillers. Our troops
have been progressing and have taken
several prisoners.
"Following up on his recent wi!h
drawals in the Hebuterne sector, the
enemy has evacuated his forward po
sitions at Beaumont, Hamel. Serre.
Puisieux Au Mont'and Bucquoy. Our
patrols are pushing forward in touch
with the enemy and have gained
ground about their villages. A few
prisoners have been taken by us."
MAKE SMALL PROGRESS
WITH THE FRENCH ARMY IN
FRANCE, Aug. 14 (Reuters). French
forces fighting for the key positions
cf Thiescourt Massif and the St.
Claude and Ecouvillon farms are prog
ressing slowly. North of Gury, where
the Germans are installed in the old
French trenches of 1914, they have
gained no ground. The enemy here
tumbled into ready-made fortified po
sitions. As the enemy retreats he is picking
up his slow moving material and is
accumulating an increasing number of
guns and quantities of munitions. The
French in advancing have 'tended to
outstrip their artillery and there are
no tanks to assist the infantry.
The French are advancing against
the line which is thinly held, but which
is bristling with machine, -guns, and
are fighting in the atmosphere of mus
tard gas. Yet they have wrested posi
tions on the battle field from the
enemy.
GERMAN OFFICIAL -
BERLIN (via London), Aug. 14.
The official communication issued by
the wac office today follows:
"There have been successful forfield
engagement between the Yser and
the Scarpe. South of Merris and south
of the Lys enemy thrusts broke dovn.
"There has been partial fitting
on both sides of the Somme and north
of the Avre. West and southwest of
Lassigny the enemy again attacked on
both sides of Canny. The attacks
broke down under cur fire. Further
south we repulsed an attack by a coun
ter attack.
"There has been minor infantry
fighting on the ".:e and east of
Rheims."
PERSHING'S COMMUNIQUE
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14. American
aviators have conducted successful
raids on the railroad yards; General
Pershing reported in his communique
for yesterday. It follows:
eoftinii A Aside from the inter
mittent artillery activity there is noth
ing to report from sectors occupied by j
our troops.
"On August 11 and 12 our aviators ;
successfully bombed railway yards at
Longuyon, Dommary-Earoncourt and j
Conflans. All our machines returned." j
YANKS RAID ENEMY j
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14. "In Lor- j
raine one of our patrols made a sue-1
cessful raid on the enemy's lino and .
brought back prisoners," General Per- j
shing's night communique said. "In
the Vosges a hostile raiding party was
repulsed. With the exception of con- j
siderable artillery activity along the
Vesle there is nothing further to re- j
port." i
PERSONNEL COMPLETED
(My Kvl w Leased Wilt)
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14. The com
plete personnel of the American dele
gation ta the Americnn-Ceniii-.n con
ference at Berne. Switzerland, o.i
treatment of exchange of prisoners,
was announced today by the state de
partment with information that th.?
conference is expected to bej;in Sep
tember 2:1.
Members of the mission, which Is
to be headed by John W. Garrett,
American minister to The Nether
lands, are Maj. Cen. r". .T. Kersau. iep
riseu:i;ig the anr.y; John W. Dais.
solicitor general, represe.itin'; the ue
paitment U justice; Cpt. H. II. Hough,
representing the navy, and Com. Ray
mond Stone, also of the navy. An cn;;
the assistunt delegates aro: E'!is Lin
ing Hressil, war trade hoanl tepre
sontat iv- in Switzerland aivl forr.ir tfy
dii'ct'ir f the Ann ri( .m : ' f
and American prl.-nin-r..' central :;:'.
mittce in Heme; Chairman A. li-wter,
special assistant in the 1' i a it :: r i:f
state, v im will hi; si- n',ny i I t'.i'
ilcleg .t.o;i, i.i!il Col. l'lvhSi-s t:.
III. f the l':iitcd Stai army.
YAN Kc CHANGED UNIFORMS
i ; I.-. .. v- I . n. ! w : k
X. ...-! UNuTON. Auc. it. -'!! .-!:
t' ( n Ciii i .ii hoys iccently i c,i;,: u
ly ;;.! j; in:. Ii.r alor. priiriliU
v.'. re ciiKai.c.l i i l he Fourth of Jii'y
tin;; at I! iiiiiik 1.
' J: is in - v l."nni l(;:'.t just !)(. ;e tl
: r.- i i I'll- I'.iirKh ."t!i,ii:iii(i r ic't
!' rt si ii. e rf tl i' Am' i i. aii tr mis had
rot h. i- cn". i nniiu'i t ra i'.nii., !
1,0 I -- c ! t.-- l:;:'! ni"! i! tin in u :''
:t t'f.e 1 :. With mull ptMOitiaj the
Aa.e.kiin so'.d.cij retud aud tti.'ir
Australian comrades with other Am';n
c.is, i.eii'td tuke me town.
W heu the casualties were counted,
Auiciican bjuiitis wire lo.uiu in lue
:li slnIioii3 dracd in Austral-
un uuiiorms. U developed that lh
Auuiicaus had loimii Auiianau cuni
.ai. ;.-i in t.:e nniuui, traaeu uiu
ivnns with them and then worked
thir vay back to tne Australian units
i.nd v nt over tne top wi.h them.
i Jo tit o;.s vr.ich pi Tiormed tne he
roic ieat have not finally been iilp;iti
iioi, li.; u is known (hat Illinois
troops were in the fighting on that day
Le-o.e Haiiini"l and it is believed ;hn
Mxteen Chicago boys decorated by tlw
r.infz probably were among the dare
devil heroes.
CASUALTY LIST
(l!y Kevkw. I.'-awd Wire;
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14 Casualties
among the American forces in France,
reported today by the war department
for the army and the navy department
fur the marine corps, totaled 1" J. 1 he
army list' appeared in two sections,
the lirst containing 101 names and the
second sixty-eight. There were ten
marine casualties reported. The army
list was divided as follows:
Killed in action, 92; died of wound-!.
26; missing in action, 13; died of rn
cideut and other causes, 2; died of li.
ease, 10; wounded severely. 21;
wounded, degree undetermined, 2; to
tal, 1G9.
Section two of the army casualty list
issued late today included:
Killed in action: Pvts. Louie Fore
man, Fried, N. I).; Clare S. Stephens,
Nevada, Iowa.
Sgt. William P. Webb. Smyrna. Ga.
Cpls. Edward M. Dolan, Boston;
Joshua B. Farmer, Wilson, N. C.
Pvts. Howard E. Brewer, Nov
Brighton, Pa.; Joe Cirino, Roxbury,
Mass.; Gaspare Coppola, Italy; Wil
liam Corbett, New York; Perry W.
Crabtree, Columbus, Ohio; James R.
Dishong, Elk Garden. W. Va.; Gaylord
Clermont Dosch. Milwaukee, Wis.;
John Kadinski, Pittsfield, Mass.; Har
old A. Knapp, Edgewood, Par, Pa.;
John Konulis, Edison, N. J.; Diminick
Minoci, Italy; Charles S. Norton,
Chelsea, Mass.; William D. Shumate.
Trenton, Tenn.; Alexander S. Tanor
ski, Russia; Henry G. Sutler, Har
vel. Ills.; Clyde Tomlinson, New Zion,
S. C; Allen D. Wagner, Newfoid
county, N. S.; Frederick B. Willyoung,
Franklin, Pa.
Died of wound j received in action:
Lt. Christopher S. Timothy, Chat
tanooga, Tenn.
Cpl. John M. Hafner, Wahpeton.
N. li.
Pvts. Thos. R. Parfitt, Philipsburg.
Mont.; James J. Beran, Chicago; Al
bert B. Danko, Passaic, N. J.
Died of accident and other causes:
Sgt. Arthur Francis Taylor, Ajo,
Arizona.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14 The army
cKSiitiity list issue today included Maj.
Maynord A. Wells, San yvntonio, Tex.:
Albert H. Oakley, Rye, Colo.; William
A icnint, Kockland, Tex., died ot
wound3. .
The marine list:
Killed in action, 4; wounded severe
'y in action, 3; wounded in action, de
prep undetermined, 1; missing in ac
tion, 2; total, 10.
ui'.uga.tra.KKit
UkWL
!g RJfl ill 11
NOW SELL FOR
.1 Ic
Per Pound
AT ,
YOUR GROCERS
Buxton-Smith Co
IMPORTERS
77TTT"
Expsrts Say
"ZLROLEN't IS BETTER"
uccause it holds better
compression,! gives better
protection tb the moving
parts and deposits less car
b Zcrolene is the1 correct oil for alt
typia of automobile engines
tlis correct oil for your automo
bile. Oct cur Lubrication Chart show
ing the correct consistency for
your car.
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
(Caliiorni)
WTTrar 3 "Try TXWJ'VI It L " - .1
rry? f:xsi rErA
X-ta Kvli fck krj
lie Standard Oil
--ta . i . .r
J. J. Sparks, Seciai Agent, Standard Oil Co., Bisbee, Ariz.
BRAVES
DANGERS
TO JOIN UHITI
P.y Kovirw I.riiv. Wire)
CAMP LEWIS, Ta-joina, . Wash ,
Aug. 11. Leliind L. Hudson, a select
fro.n I'axon, Alaska, 200 miles north
of Fairbanks, is here aftir a trip of
more than 3000 miles in which he trav
eled by dog team, buckboard. mail
barge, river steamer, railway and
coastwise vessel.
Due to a mistaken idea on the part
of the registrar at Paxson that all men
who registered there were obliged to
give their address in "the states,"
Hudson gave bis mother's in Seattle.
His card was sent there and on May
22 he was ordered by the Seattle
board to report there for duty. He
asked for a two weeks' extension be
cause a boat did not leave Fairbanks
until late in June, but he received a
repiy to 'take the first train or be
classed as a deseiter."
'Ihe nearest railway is at While
Horse, more than 12o0 miles away.
He left Paxson May 26, going forty
two miles by dog team in two days in
which he went through a' blizzard;
then seventy-two miles by buckbovird
in two days in which he had four re
lays of horses; down the Tanana fiver
and through the Bates Rapids f.r 100
miles on a mail barg3 and arrived at
Fairbanks June 2. He took a steamer
for Dawson June 20, and went Hi";
miles down the Tanana and up the
Yukon, arriving at White Horse J;:ly
51 While on the Yukon with thirty
other selects drilled on the upper e'eck
of the river boat under the lighc o!
the midnight sun.
He took the White Pass railroad
frjm White Horse to Skagway, pay
ing $20 for a passage 110 miles long,
and arrived in tSlwgway in time to en
gage passage on a boat for Seattle,
which arrived there July 9. He report
de lor duty here July 26 but U, was not
until yesterday, when he presented
vouchers for his expenses totaling
nearly $100, that officers were aware
of his long journey.
PRESIDENT WRITES TO
RED CROSS WORKERS
(Ity Kcvlfw Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Aug. 14. President
Wilscn today expressed the hope that
I uea i ross workers within the pro-;
posed new draft aes, IS to 4.". will !
"continue to render service unless ai.d i
until specifically called to other and !
more important duty." In a letter to!
Henry P. Davidson, chairman cf the
Red Cross war council, the president
wrote:
"I hope that the action we have
j taken in the ma'ter of voluntary en-
listmeuts will help a little in the solu
I tion of the difficulties created for iTie
I American Red Cross by the probable
extension of the draft aces. If the
i government does the selecting, it can
select with a due regard to the Inter,
jests of all services, whethr within the
government or without, where as if
I we permitted men liable to be drafted
to rush in and apply for and obtain
i remmissions, tfiere would be chaos in
'deed." OF THE BEST
5! I! n
Tht T'-Heid tjpe engine, Ulu
trated here, like U intmrnmi com
bullion engines, requirei an oil
that holds iia lubricating qualities
at cylinder beat, burnt clean in
the cylinders and goes out with ex
hauit. Zerolcne Alls these require
ments perfectly, 6ecaia it im cor
rttrtly refined from atected Cajibr
niM aphaV(-oae crude.
for Motof Cars
File itching and Sting
i
Seems Like the Skin Is on Fire.
There is a harrassing discomfort
caused by Eczema that almost be
comes a torture. The itching is al
most unbearable, and the skin seems
cn fire with the burning" 'irritation.
A cure from local applications of
falves and ointments is impossible,
because such treatment can only al
lay the pain temporarily. The disease
can only be reached by going deep
down to its source.
The source of Eczema U ia the
HOTEL RESORT and TRAVEL DEPARTMENT
Reliable Information, u(jgestion. reserations, no cht.-oe. We espe
cially desire to hear frcm parties, lodges, societies, and organizatiors.
Auto stage tickets and seat reservations secured. -(Daily service, San
Francis) to Imperial Valley, Cairp Kearny, Riverside Av'ation Field,
etc.) Autos furnished for private use, reliable, competent drivers, go
anywhere. Write, phone, or coll. LANE'S TRAVEL SERVICE BUREAU,
822 W. 6th St, LOS ANGELES, CALIF. Phones: Pico 10C7, Home 10741
LOS ANGELES
Hotel Lee
Sixth and Figueroa Streets.
Modern European. Rates, 75c to $3
Room with bath $1.00 up
Special Summer and Weekly Rates
All depot cars pass the doer.
Garage connected. Cafe next d cr.
Wm. C. CLARK, Prop.
Attention Cattlemen
1 WANTED
Fat Cattle for Slaughtering
GIVE CLASS, LOCATIONar-d TIME CF DELIVERY
Address
E. A. TOVREA & CO., Bisbee, Ariz.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
PAINTS
A GOOD paint is worth what you have to pay for
it and a POOR PAINT is worth nothing at any price.
Mountain and Plain Paint
is the best that is made and every gallon of it is abso
lutely guaranteed by US, and the price is no more,
tj ilso SPENCER KELLOG Pure Linseed oil, none
better.
Gibson-Hines Lumber Co.
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
Registered Bonds
Third Liberty Loan Are
Now Ready for
Delivery
Scs utivCit'srTjXwt on i:i:-ii!c u ' of ixih'tuay Evening
I'oot of ur;ust 3. Vv'c Liw ull cr in stock.
Bisbee Lumber Co. inc.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowtil Car Slo? PHONE 25
Review Want Ads Bring Resutc
of Blazing, Fiery Eczema
blood, the disease being caused by an
infection which breaks out through
the skin. That is why the most satis
factory treatment for all so-called
skin diseases is S. S. S., for this rem
edy so thoroughly cleanses the bloo I
that no impurities can remain. Get a
bottle to-day at any drugstore, an !
you will see results from the rii'ht
treatment Write for expert mei-ical
advice, which you can get without
cost, by addressing Medical Director,
21 Swift Laborator,, Atlanta. Ca.
LOS ANGELES
Gates Hotel $1
Fireproof. Sixth and Figueroa Sts
Cafe and Restaurant In Connection
Close to Stores, Theaters and all
Car Lines. Los Angeles' Finest
Tourist and Family Hostelry
TAKE TAXI AT OUR EXPENSE.
Lee Holtaday, Pres. and Mgr.
Ceo. A. Collins, Sec'y.
Phone 88 THREE
7. S. BIRDMEX ARE LEARXIXG II QW TO FLY OVER RERLIX
- k "rp
U. S. airplanes flying in V formation at Kelly field, San Antonio, Teaas.
Young American birdmen vho are perfecting themselves in their art set as their goal a flight over the
eitv of Berlin. The accompanying picture shows how an American flying squadron may some day circle over
the government buildings in the German capital. The airplane's value for observation purposes u demon
strated by the photo, the ground, houses and roadways being clearly distinguishable-
The English Bulldog Still Hangs On
'can never again be counted as useful
Everything Great Britain Has is in the War Seven Million citizens of a world wherein a man
(must work if he would eat and there
Men, Billions in Gold and Her National Honor and Destiny fore live. New York and many other
tri it t ii rt if - t if great cities in the Vnited States loves
Is England Doing Her Full Part? Louis Tracey, the Fcn-ia procession and it is ,a startling fact
t-ifi ii- t r 'to note ,,IEt if t!ie dead and wholly
ous Writer, Sets Forth Here the Great Story of the Grtsl j war shattered youth of the British Km-
ifi if r c t P're could march down Fifth Avenue
Part Played by the Island Empire it is an Epic of Sacrifice in platoons cf twenty men in a rank
the pallid host could not pass from
j Central Park to Washington Siuare
, in ten long summer days! America is
I j proud, and very properly proud, of the
. j great army she has poured into France
country in which I write these lines. It is a million in round numbers. But
Why. to mix with you Americans on Great Britain has already lost a mil-
the days when the news seems bad 'lion in dead and grievously wounded,
when some disaster at sea -r some while 2 millions have been smitten
reverse on land chills the blood and i by the pestilence called "Germany.
and Resolution to Win at Any Cost
The following account of Crat
Britain's participation in the war
was written by icuis Tracey, a
member of the British war tijission,
to commemorate the fourth anni
versary of our ally's entrance Into
the war. Mr. Tracy Is widely
known throughout the United
States as a novelist, be'ng the au
thor of "The Wings of the Morn
ing" and seme forty ether novels.
At the outbreak of the war, Mr.
Tracy laid down the pen of fiction
and has since given his entire serv
ices to his country. During 1914
and 1915 'he raised, drilled and
equipped, largely at his own ex
pense, a battalion of volunteers at
Whitby, on the Yorkshire coast,
and was unceasing in his endeavors
to cause his fellow countrymen to
realize the gravity and dangers of
the struggle.
'adds a fresh burden then to an over
laden Heart, Is the best of all tcnies
for an Englishman. I have gone out
to address audiences of an evening
when ray scul was heavy within me.
when each, mouthful of food in a well
I have not exaggerated these fig
ures. They are official. We know
some of t'ie details with a mournful
exactitude. During one month In
France in 1917 we had twenty-seven
thousand men KILLED. In the first
anpeinted club or hotel had almost ; twelve months of the war we had 6,600
cnoKed me by contrast witn the pri
vations better men than I were endur
ing with steadfastness.
cui me Tirsx signi or an American
audience, the first ringing cheers evok-j wo had over ten thousand casualties
ed, not by my oratory, but my theme. Unions officers alone. Of course, we
brought a healing and a strengthening ! have killed and wounded many Ger-
! altogether divine in their efficacy, for mans. But wiiat does that matter?
officers and ninety-five thousand men
KILLED. During the month of April
this year, as the result of the great
battles which began on March 21, 1918,
here, in deed, in the truest sense of : What does it matter how many of the
the phrase, the voice of the people br-, brutes arc killed? It is our duty, a
came the voice of God. duty put on ns by lh.3 laws w live un-
You see hew I wonder from mv sub- der, cley and swear by, to keep on
ject. How can I help it. To tell cf killing them till they ce.isn to plague
Britain's part in the war I musi deal nianki.id.
endured four years cf war and entered 'in dry figures, and my pen run rff of: I have no concern for Germans. You
On August 4, a stricken world had
can it be otherwise? The cross they
bore, the sacrifice they made, is all the
lighter for us because of their example
The blood of the martyrs is the seed
of the Church of Christ. The blood of
our dead is the seed of a race which
shall transcend in power and great
ness the wildest dream ever dreamed
by im enthusiastic I'an-German. U
must be so. It is a deduction based on
the soundest theory of life, the very
essence of all that science lias taught
us ei'.her of men or of the lower an!
im:ls. But I cannot blind my eves to
the immediate gaps in our ranks.
Our universities are empty. Oxford
and Cambridge gave eight thousand of
their undergraduates to the army In
the first year of the war, and, be it
remembered, no matter what view may
be h:ld as to the value of a university
education, these young men were the
future rulers of the British Empire, its
prime ministers, its secretaries of
state, its judges, its governors of far
off lands, its parliamentarians, law
yers, professors, scientists, its un
doubted leaders in every branch of hu
; man thought and endeavor.
I Tiiat is part of tile price asked of
us for choosing to support Right
against Might and it is a heavy impost
in itself. Again, we have lest nearly
every officer and man of that small
but superbly efficient army which we
threw into France early in August,
1914. Oddly enough, that army, a paid
one, never thought of its own interests
in the great game of life and death to
which it was committed. Sir Walter
Raleigh, professor of English literat
ure at Oxford University, has put this
phase of Britain's entry Into the war
so clearly that I must quote Jiim:
Wrong in the Past
"We have scmetimes fought In
the past for doubtful causes and
for wrong causes, but this time
there Is no mistake. Our cause
Is better than we deserve; we
embraced it by an act of faith,
and it is only by continuing in that
faith that we shall see it through.
The little old army, when they
went to France in August, 1914,
did not ask what profits were
l'kely to come their way. They
knew that there were none, but
they were willing to sacrifice
themselves to save decency and
humanity from being trampled in
the mud. This was the army that
Wie Germans called a mercenary
army, and its epitaph has been
written by a gocd poet:
These, in the day when heaven
was falling,
The hour when earth's founda
tions fled
Followed thei' mercenary calling.
And took their wages and are
dead.
Their shoulders held the heavens
suspended.
They stcod, and earth's founda
tions stay.
What God abandoned theso de-
fended,
, And saved the sum of things for
pay.
"We must follow their example,
for we shall never get a better!"
And now I have done with the debit
side of the ledger, for I count as dross
the stupendous figures which finance
puts forward. At any rate, what good
purpose will it serve if a layman trifs
to- state in dollars or pounds sterling
the phenominal cost of this war? Mil
MORE A ME RICA X SOLDIERS ARE DECORATED AT FROXT.
RECEIV1XG CROIX DE GUERRE FOR THEIR GALLAXTRY.
cn a fifth. How many more years 'its own accord into a paean of lhasik- Americans have a frontier proverb: jlio"3 billions, the mind reels at thP
will the human race be called on to fulness that America is with us in this
A o,d Iniun is a dead Iniun!" Un-U"m. One counts no longer as a bank-
suffer this agony? God only knows, i struggle until by the paths of valor, til Germany casts out the devil of kai- er even' l)ut rattier as an astronomer.
But if it be not Impious for a mortal and death we shall have won p com- serism and goes back a hundred years i Evidently much wisdom and even
man to dare interpret the decrees of j plete and lasting victory over oui com-! to the race which produced some de-!more forbearance will be needed be
the Almighty, I do now most solemnly j r.ion enemy. Still, this is a bp.1 if glor-'c:nt and useful members of the bodyrfre the cost cf this war is leviefl
say that, although this carnival of woelicus anniversary, and it is In the vc-y 'corporate, I shall believe most firmly j with reason and justice. Most certain-
may be permitted by Providence to ! nature or things that on such an oc- that the best German is a dead Ger- ,y 11 18 prouieiu i id.mui im kiu
scourge us for months or years to
come, it cannot cease till Germany is
beaten to her knees.
And why do I dare in the same
breath proclaim that the issue rests
in the bands of the Lord of Hosts and
yet that I am convinced in my very
" soul that the only outcome can be
Germany's defeat? This is my an
swer: If I believed otherwise I would
cease to be a Christian. If I admitted
the possibility of a Prussian victory I
would never again believe that he who
gave us the Sermon on the Mount died
cn the Cros3 of Calvary for man's re
demption. I would know, perforce, and go sor
rowful to my grave with the know
ledge that might is more potent than
right; that the ethics which brought
France, Britain, Italy, America and
even poor, torn Russia into the con
flict, the principle which led Eeltium
to risk and lose all, the sheer sense
of .justice which has ranged twenty
other nations on our side, were noti:
ing more nor less than foolisJi, even
grotesque blunders. Yet I laugh to
scorn the notion that 1 shall ever ac
cept any such theory; no not till Mil
ton's reincarnated self declares him a
disciple of Lucifer, not till Shakes
peare rises from his grave and scoffs
at the beautiful England he loved sc.
veil, not till Lincoln's Gettysburg
eech is proved a sham and a fraud.
Sme miracles do happen, but not such
mracles as these. I have lost every
thng I valued in the world. I walk
haid in hand with 'tribulation, but
thee is a great Joy in my heart that
cormg to my aid even in those dread
ful vatches of the night when memor
ies oi the dead drive almost to frenzy
those who leved them anc still live,
becaut I know. yes. I KNOW, that my
ccuntr; is fighting for the right r.nd
not m own der.r land alone, but her
kith anl kin in every clime where the
English tongue is the speech of the
people. We have dared all; we shall
gain ail. J
A Briton's View
So, if yiu have read into this pre
face the (leaning I have striven to
convey, yc will understand th.it in
the remainVr of thin brief cssi-y I
s-'iall tell of the glory and the immen
sity of Brit.ln's achievements in this
war, rot to flaunt her deeds in the
eyes cf the lorld. but as an earnest J
assertion of t-,e self same sacrifices
and Ide:ils th shall flow from this
great nation o. the west in an ever
Increasiii!: ano irresistible stream.
That Is n;y purrose. and I want to de
clare it now. I itain has done much,
and, though weay and blood staine,
will do more, but the measure of her
heroic effort ran surely be applied o
the determination -,f the splendi'!
casion we should count gains and loss
es, strike a balance sheet, so to speak,
try not to humbug ourselves with fic
titious figures, judge by accountant
statistics and not allow the wish to be
father to the thought.
Well, the ledger has many Items.
Let us begin with the worst, the ir
remediable, the tax levied by death.
It is a sad showing. The British cas
ualties in officers and men are as fol
lows: August, 1914. to the end cf 1915 550.000
In the year 1916 650,(100
In the year 1917 800,000
In six months of the present
year (estimated)
The Supreme Faith
It
On Seventeen Fronts
has been estimated that Britain
What does grieve me most profound-; has fought on seventeen fronts during
ly is the knowledge that Britain and the past four years. One can readily
everv word I have written would be enumerate most of them, for her
stultified if ycu did not realize that I j troops have been to the fore in Bel
ara proud of my own folk has lost the KIum. France, Italy, Serbia. Greece,
flower of her manhood, just as you. j Russia, Palestine, Mesopotamia, China
mv honored friends in America, will i and North. EUst and West Africa, to
lose a stock hard to replace if the mil
lion of your magnificent youth in
France, and the other millions you
will put In the field until there are
enough dead Germans, are fated to
show a casualty list comparable with
that of Britain. I.ut do not misunder-
500,000 stand me. My faith In the density of I which has found credence in some
our Joint races IS supreme. Are not ; quarters. I snuu not muur me puim.
name only the main theatres of the
war. She and her colonies have raised
7V4 million soldiers, and of this total
England's (not Great Britain's) pro
portion is 60 per cent. In this regard
I must remove a misapprehension, or.
to be candid, nail down a Hun lie.
2,500:000 our dead the best warranty of the past ! It should suffice if I state with abso
The Pallid Host fnd the brightest hope of the future? j lute authority that one man in every
Of these at least one fifth must be ! They are our very own, flesh of our j seven and a half of the population of
counted among the dead. So half a ; flesh and bone of our bone. They are ! England is in the army. The same
million gallant men of the British Em- at once our tribute and our inspiration. I ration holds good cf Scotland. Wales
pire are lying in their graves all over' We who gave this holocaust must be, has contributed one man in every ten
the world or hidden forever in the ter-. worthy of it. We who are left must and a fifth, Ireland one man in every
ribie and mysterious depths of the sea , be more resolute more, knightly, more , twenty-six and a third, and the over
seas dominions one man in every in
teen. Those are the cold, hard facts
while more than another half million j grandly iu-'ifferent to loss or suffer-'
are so maimed and broken that they 'ing, than those who have gone. , How1
AMERICAN SOLDIERS IN FRANCE ARE ADDRESSED BV BISHOP
. ,--v
x!. hz
rmmm mt" ?
.. ... .. "flefd. INWB1r V.Jt&rC .1 -. . . . va . "nT V
Left to ri;ht: Chaplain J. B. de Valles,-Captain Connolly, Captain Roberts and Lieut. Barnett.
American soldiers vre being decorated frequently by the French for gallantry in action. The men ara
drawh up before the French and American officers in the presence of their companies and tiven ihe awards.
The above photo shows four Americans recently given the Croix de Guerre by th French.
as to man power in the army, while i
the following table tells its own story !
and refutes anot'ier Hun lie: I
Per cent of Per cent of !
Armed Forces Casualties :
England & Wales ....70 71 !
Scotland 8 10 !
Ireland 6 6 j
Dcminions-Colonies 16 8
I do not apologi.e for reverting to i
the casualty list. It is essential that j
these statistics 8hould.be made known i
It is difficult In a shcrMirticIe to con-j
vey any fair picture of Britain's work J
in other fields. In heavy guns alone ;
she manufactured during the third
year of the war twenty-seven times j
as many as In the first year, two hun- j
dred and twenty times as much ammu
nition. The expenditure of rifle am-
munition per week is new sixty-five :
times greater than the average weekly ;
expenditure during the first ten i
months of the war. The output of j
machine guns has been increased
thirty-nine times. Two thousand miles j
cf railway track, one thousand loco
motives and many tens of thousands j
of wagens have been shipped abroad. I
The ministry of munitions handles 50;
million articles per week, and sends
abrcad sixty thousand consignments'
per week. In addition to ever ninety ;
national arsenals. Great Britain has
now 5,046 government controlled fac !
tories. all working day and night on i
munitions and supplies. Women do
60 to 70 per cent of all the machine
wcrk on shells, fuses and trench war-'
fare supplies, antl have contributed I
1.450 trained mechanics to the royal
flying corps.
In one way or another, about 5 mil
lion British women are working for
their country in her need, many of
whom never worked in their lives be
fore. The Fleet
Turning to the fleet what, shall I
say, what can I say that will be at all
adequate to the theme, of the work
done by the British navy? It would
be almost ludicrous, in a review of
Britain's share in the war. to dismiss
in a sentence the absclutely vital part
borne by the fleet, did I not feel as
sured that every intelligent man and
woman in the United States knows as
well if not better than I that the civil
ized world owes its existence today to
the unparalleled services rendered by
the navy.
And, alas! How can I deal with the
aid given to the Motherland by Cana
da, Australia. India and South Africa?
I can only plead my opinion that my
American readers may be more inter
ested today in a Briton's exposition of
the emotional Influences which have
swayed his fellow countrymen during
the past four years thaiMn a precise
historical sketch which would embrace
the development of the Royal Air
Force or the hospital service, for the
army of women actually employed in
France. Fcr instance, I would like to
tell of the growth of discipline among
the civilian population at home, the
discipline which the island's civilians
have imposed upon themselves as
well as the discipline which has been
imposed upen them from headquarters.
It is a discipline not of the kind
which, as in Germany, imposes the will
of the rich upon the poor. It is a form
of discipline which is so applied as to
bear alike upon all on those who seek
to make profit out of the war, and on
those who merely would shirk their
proper share of the burden.
So, incidentally, even on that head,
there has been progress toward a new
humanity and the adjusting of the po
sition between the upper classes and
labor.
No review of our four years' fight
can omit a brief reference to that ill
omened word Kultur. According to
the Hun, the whole quarrel hinges on
the refusal of the democracies of the
world to accept Kultur. Very well.
What is Kultur? What are the bless
ings it offers to all men and all wom
en, .since it claims that immense per
ogatlve, and nothing less? Professor
Von Seyden, iu the Frankfurter Zeit
ung during tho first fine frenzy of the
war, said:
A comparison
"The Germans are the elect people
of the earth. T'ley will accomplish
i their destiny, which is to rule the
I world and to guide all other nations
for their common happiness."
Well, let us see what all this thun
der means. I have here a table of the
worst forms cf crime committed In
Germany and England during the ten
years 1S97-1907:
Germany England
Murder 350 97
Incest 573 56
Rapes - 9.381 216
Unnatural crimes .... 841 290
' Malicious and felon-
I leus wounding 172.153 1.262
'.Malicious damage to
property 2o,7.m9 35S
Arson CIO 278
Total 209.667 2.557
People of America, you fathers and
mothers, wives, sisters and sweet
hearts of the men you have , sent to
France, I ask you to study that table.
Kultur should be known by its results,
and. if benighted England can show
such a case against enlightened Ger
many, is it not worth four years, or.
if need be. forty years of war to keep
ycur country and ours clear of the
virus of Kultur? The answer is being
given today wherever the Hun stands
up against our soldiers. It is being
dinned Into his ears by high explos
ives and driven into his carcass by
keen bayonets. When he heeds we
will quit, and not until he dees heed
en his knees.
CLASSIFICATION IS CHANGED
' LITTLE ROCK. Ark., Aug. 14
Wallace Davis. Arkansas member of
the democratic national commitee. was
placed in class one of the draft by a
local board today after orders had
; been received from General Crowder
to reopen his case; The local board
previously put Davis in class one but
1 the district appeal board granted him
; deferred classification after Governor
, Brough bad appeared in his behalf.
I Davis, who is 2S. is the son of the
I late United States Senator Jeff Davis.
fcr -,
t This American official photo
shows Bishop Brent addressing
American soldiers and spectators
Bishop Brent addressing U. S. troops.
at ceremonies cn Decoration day
at the American cemetery near
general headquarters in France.
Notice the tribute Franco payi
America's dead. A French flag
is placed beside the IT. S. flag.
r
Buy Your
B
usiness Stationery
In Bulk
Why pay extra money for fancy
boxes and wrappings? Get it with
out the frills, cut to any size you
wish, made up into packages, pads
or tablets to suit your needs..
We have a very good grade of
TYPEWRITER PAPER which
we are selling at $125 per ream
(Bjxl l inches)
Also a good assortment of
Envelopes all sizes
Ruled Index Cards
Mailing Tubes assorted
Carbon Paper
Blotting Paper, Etc.
Review Job Printing
Phone 39
Department
Upstairs
1
J fOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, AUGUST 15, 1918.
i .75
2.25
4 00
7.50
2.50
Our Streets
While it is necessary to dig up the pave
ments for the Bell Telephone company to
place its wires underground, yet does not
seem to this column to be necessary to dig
up the entire street areas of the business
district of Bisbee all at once as is being
done at this time. Bisbee only has one
canyon and two gulches for streets. She
is as crowded for room as a fat man in a
Ford car. The heavy volume of traffic
that crowds our thorofares has little enough
room when the streets are clear, but at the
present time, with ditches and embank
ments and piles of brick everywhere it is
a semi-blockade all day long. It may be
more convenient for this company to dig
up the streets in three or four places at
once, and leave them open for days at a
time before laying the cables and covering
them, but under the unusual conditions
that prevail in this canyon for street space,
it should not be allowed. And another
thing: "The custom- ha3 been tor any set of
husky men that happen along with pick
and crowbar to dig up the pavements on
our few feet of paved streets and then to
replace them any old way. The result that
in the most congested areas of public square
and busy corner, the brick surface is as
rough as ploughed ground. With practic
ally only one street in the town it is a shame
that it should be in such condition in the
business section. Bump and sink hole and
jagged brick ends and places where there
are no brick at all gap and leer at the strang
er and the daily passer by like the broken
windows of a deserted house-. . . .
CAPTAIN WHEELER'S RETURN
(From the El Paso Herald.)
The return of Capt. Harry Wheeler,
United States army air service, to Arizona
to take whatever may be coming to him in
connection with the deportation of 1 1 86
men from Bisbee in July, 1917, has occa
sioned some surprise, but not among those
who know Captain Wheeler best. He was
then sheriff of Cochise county and directed
the deportations, deputizing the men who
assisted him. Immediately afterward he
said he would assume sole responsibility
for the act.
Later he entered army service and was
in France in charge of an aerial squadron
of 350 men when word reached him of the
indictments against himself and others in
the United States district court at Tucson.
He had applied for transfer from the air
service to the infantry and notice of the
transfer had reached him at the same time
he was apprised that his application for
leave of absence to return to the United
States to submit to the court charges
against him, had been granted. He left
France at once, returned to Tombstone and
was ready to submit to the service of the
warrant, as well as to accept service in the
damage suits which grew out of the depor
tation. There are those who say Captain Wheel
er i3 displaying poor judgment; that he
rrnht have remained in France until time
to return nc a hero, ulivc or dead, in either
of which cv;:o ti c charges against him in
Arizona v.o'Jci :-avc been of considerably
hco impcrlcncc. But that isn't like Wheeler.
He Icok rr:-.pGii:-ibili:y for the deportation
and he "Can j to sr.o it through. Lie con
cidrrj thai t !.. deportation was necessary as
a means of riaJinf,- the district of an cle
rr.cnt which he ruled in the same class with
thz Belie crd !.c wii! face the music, what
ever it is. Then he intends to go bark to
France Zxnc. r,cl in tome more licks at Fritz.
It is declared ihul the Russian peasantry
arc in armcrl revolt against the German in
vndrrr, operating in u:n;:ll bands in the con
dvci of puerilla wai fare. 7 lie Germans
themselves fcnrjil the same way agc.inst
NVnokcn -vhn ho I: eld the German em
pire in '!-" hollow of hir, taitd. Every free
nation has at one time and another con-
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT 'MONDAY SY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEN A. CA1X Editor ana Uc::- Ma:u?cr
Entered at Second Class Mail Matter at Bi-bte, Arizona. :
Under Act of March 8, 1S79.
MEM3ER ASSOCIATED FRESS
The associated 1'ress is exclusively en;i:!fd to thf- a'1
for republication of alt news dispatches creuUrd' to i. or !
not otherwise credited to this paper aud also the l:al '
news published herein. I
AH rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
Per Month -
Three Months .... -.
Six Months.
Twelve Months -
Sunday (Our Weekly) per year..
Sunday (Our Weekly) per ijuartcr. -
No Subscription Taken for Lesd Than 75 Cents
ducted guerilla warfare against an all pow
erful foe that had enslaved her free institu
tions. And it is significant to note that not
a single nntion, with the possible exception
of Poland, that has been conquered in the
last 1000 years, but that won her freedom
soon or late, and not a single conquering
nation bnt that fell from conquest to a
lower level than she had occupied before.
The most encouraging sign that has come
out cf Russia since her ccllapse is the news
that the Germans are going to take Petro
grad. That means that Lenine and Trotsky,
if they are not already overthrown, soon
will be thrown into the discard. Then the
iron German fist will be visible to the
people without the covering of the thin
Russian glove. The Russians have been
a free people too long to bow to foreign
force without resolute and continued re
sistance. The Trotsky tribe, of course, will
crouch and bend, but more than half of the
Russians are made of sterner stuff. With
allied aid, determined upon at last, and the
brave Czecho-Slavs in arms, another east
ern front may not be a dream, after all:
THE DRAFT BOARD
'(Gcr.Ion Snow in the Atlantic Monthly.)
These men of the draft boards hold in
a sense the most unique position of history.
They have become literally the father con
fessors of millions of their fellows. The
very threads of fate have been intrusted to
their keeping. Momentous power is theirs,
and tenible responsibilitiesjsit upon them.
Their eyes have beheld, as from the
wings of a huge stage, that glorious meta
m6rphosis of a dormant people aroused at
last to exaltation. To them has fallen the
lot of intimate assistance at the rebirth of
a nation. They have become the high
priests of that great event, seared in the
very flare and heat of the quickening fire
that goes surging through the veins of
America today.
They were the first to be drafted, these
men of the draft boards. They themselves
constituted the first quota of the national
army. They awaited no call of numbers,
no lottery of fate. They were sent to no
training camps. From the first day of their
call they saw action a kind of action which
a3 surely tries men's metal, as. surely tries
men's souls, I sometimes think, as the red
hurricanes of Flanders' fields.
THE FOUR CARDINAL FAULTS IN
SOLDIERS' EYES
(From the Stars and Stripes. France.)
Cowardice, selfishness, stinginess, brag
ging these are the four cardinal sins of the
soldier, the four most to be avoided, the
four unforgivable failings, according to the
results of a questionnaire recently held by
a certain self-appointed investigator.
The answers came in from the men of
the A. E. F. in just that order just as we
might have known all along that they
would; for what man, in the army partic
ularly, has any use for a coward, a tight
wad, a hard boiled egg or a blowhard ?
And now some government official or
other in high authority, has declared that
there will soon be a scarcity of clothes in
this country, all available woolen stocks
having been commandeered for the army
and navy, and he urges that we conserve
on clothes, wearing our old ones even long
past the patched and threadbare and shabby
state. Good! Then and in that event this
column and many other editor men will not
be so conspicuous when they go about in
their old, old clothes. And they do say
that King George of England has just
bought and is proudly wearing a fifteen dol
lar suit. Welcome to our crowd, George.
Ludendorff, the astute one, the cruel one,
the relentless one of all the Prussian junk
ers, after sacrificing a million men in the
most reckless offensive tactics known to
warfare, ancient or mod?rn, b nov urging
the conservation of the German rrsr.
rc.vcr. When Ludendorff begins to save
hio men ar.d 1!k caution in the uses of can
non fodder, then ir.derd, the German sup
ply 13 thinning out so that his cold, keen
eye can sec the bottom of the bin.
Emperor Karl of Austria is expected
soon at the German headquarters for an
other conference. 1 Kat is to say, to receive
his orders for I he late summer and fall. 1 he
devil has called his dupe, and never a dupe
since creation's morning that ever failed
to heed such a call.
' Seventy thousand prisoners and a thous
and cannon! Pretl)- fair showing for three
week's work by an army that was .sup
posed by now to bo lxiten to n state that
tne kaiser s victorious peace
would be in full swing.
'STATE TAX RATE
! LOWEST SINCE
S.AT.JFAT F.UMINATEP. ALLIES CONTINUE TO HARASS HUNS
STATEHOOD
ii
This Year's Rate Fixed at 39
Cents Per $100 as Against
53 Vz Cents for Last Year j
in Arizona
rnn:.IX. Aug. 14. Arizona's stato
-it foi tl- 191S-1D year will be ii
cents per Slcit assessed valuation, the
lowest ever fixed by a state tax cotn
mhsion in the history of statehood.
The new rate represents a reduction
of about 27 per cent from that of last
ycrr. which was 53y cents. !
The total a-sessed valuation of the I
ftcte according to final figures pre- j
p'.rrd l-v the commission, is JS34.02'1.22 !
an incrase of $1.16 ,493.912.54 over the
af;e3sed valuation in 1917. Increases
were e.'fected in all counties as well
as or. practically all properties over
K in. !- t .( state commission has juris
dirtirn. Cc cptrate With U. S.
reductions in all funds were made
l-v the tux cemmission to make pos
siMe the low rate. The general and
chrot funds continue to receive the.
largest atmortioniiients. the former
v being .!3!!IS and the latter $.09-V-A.
hi effecting such a bis decrease,
menders cf the tax commission an
nounce that they felt that they were
rrtjnj. n rccordance with the wisheu
of the T'nited States government. In
esfb'ishing such a precedent in the
conservation of Btate financial re
sources, they urge all county boards
of supervisors to act in strict har
mony with the plan.
Increased Assessments
Increases in property assessments,
as fixed by the state tax commission,
are as follows: Raise 929.379 head of
range cattle to $..0 per head, an in
crease n valuntion amounting to
$2..r.95,347; raise 759,737 head of sheep
to $S per head, an increase in valua
tion amounting to $31.1.934: raise
14.3S7 head of bucks to $15 the head,
an increase of $71.8S5: raise oil com
panies a total of $2.77S,fi73.28- raise
custom smelters $6,474,372: raise flour
mills 1 29,665: raise stock of banks
$293,S99.24: raise produce and cemmis
sicn merchants $41,535; raise meat
dealers $1SG.032; ra'se moving picture
outfits and business $71,456; raise ir
rigated lands fn Graham county 5 per
cent, or $122,425; raise non-trodueing
mines $68,093; raise sundry items $S1,-
225. Total increases. $13,226,451.52,
Decraeses Allowed
fM 1 SCALE cf MILES 1 ,
T . fih rojfJ wycm-we've . ' . M T
' l;'-r- fawn I XPW
?r;Xo;i.;.,.r If & PitCHAPFLLS
' ' ' ' '
Shaded portion of map shows how allies have driven Germans back since July 18, eliminating the dangerous
Soissons-Rheims salient. The Germans have shown some resistance the past few days, but it U believed
4 thex must retreat until they reach the north bank of the Aisne.
DELEGATES ARE
GIVEN STRICT
INSTRUCTIONS
..ii.i. ;
.Lvln.r. ;
Ltcl-r-v
!a t.to tf :
! weu.d give a r
. :t ccaiiru.V,!c!t o" Lo-
O.l ft thO CMlsttlKC ot
Tc ::it -ne.-i'i .ai'l tie
ply within tcree dayj.
(Continued from face One)
are pacifists. While there is little
Ganger that the majority of ti.ese can
be elected there is grate danger thai
very many may be. In France two
thirds of the socialist party, led by
Longuet, and an even larger purl of
the unions, are in the pacilist camp,
in bitter opposition to t ieir own gov
ernment and anxious to meet any and ; thoritirs :i i-racuru si te pa
all enemy socialists the bcheidumar.n j Tetrorsd to Stockholm.
kaiscrites, specilically nu liided." j "A third report iroia (.'c.nsul Gt n r:i!
I Poole refers to the enests of ll.iii.-h
MEXICO WILL French citizens at Mosco-v. o,i J
ENFORCE HER conference hetwet u Tcliilchtrin :.:i.i (
IT TTT"M7Zr 1 the consul.! general of Japan. S'.tcc:'
VJlL. ULL-ALC. and the L'ni'.od States wiiu to.- to!-
lowing re.ults:
U: iha Li'.ht oi AjiIj". 2 a reiy
va3 rejtived !icn ItDitcnertn. it
stated that in.tsrj.uch as l.cnines ut-t-.
r:ncco w .e mr.Jj behind closed
doors in a mct'littf at which an ase.it
of ih-j a 11 -s C3i:ld t.e present only
ov.inj,' to a spc-ia! eouru-sy on tho
pint of the so. iet governmoKt, public
ix; Ia:ii:t:i,n i co.ld not te ghen. A
to ti'. ij-tubers of tin- iKililary iui;
sion Tchitcherin said that neoiiauo.is
h 1 bcea Lit"U.i with i'.e G--inu:: au-
'ii from
pa;iu:y rtpieatl.lutivt 3 of otl;-r eiu
i.a.s.i o:; it;u eviu:n?; ui August 1.
i ne emissary ait! tiiat lie li..d ucen in
siructea to ask the diplomats to go to
.lsco, aj tne sovut ciUniuiUiis weld
Ui.ao:e to ai.sAci tor lUeir sa.eiy m
Volgoda. jlr. AriiiCur and his comu
guci rtiontd tne astut ot Uie sovivt
i;j their txpiths lustructiona from
ir.eir aiubussudors lj leinain in Vol
Koda lor the profeciion of their na
tioiidis. "itie Araericau liiiui.-iter 10 Sweden
has reported to the department that
tie hau Oeeii iiitonned by the Swvdian
loreigu oiiia thai on Aagu.-.t o tbo
Sv.Cvush consul general at .Moscow
Ijob. teuipuiary tliarge of Arueriiau
i.s eii as tilluh a.id Japanese iu
te rests."
(Continued from Page One)
EXPLAINS PLAN
TO MEMBERS OF
THIS COMMITTEE
"First, the soviet government gave
solemn assurances that allied persot-s ;
Decreases in the following itr-ms
were allowed: Reduced 145.356 head of
goats to S3. 75 the head, total reduc
tion $43,115; reduce producing mines
$5.8S3,372; reduce non-producing
mfnes, $200,000; reduce sundry items,
mostly cattle assessments, $35S,120.
Total reductions, $6,484,607.
lagainst that decree has only added to J basing diplomatic or unoiticial
Ilia nhnnvimiu nafuro nctpr wnulil nut he moh-sted: '
.... .
c.iar-1
acter would not he molested; second, '
Although Secretary Aguilar's note is Tchitcherin staled that tne allied m:!:
uirccted to the BritifJi government, it taiy missions would n t be allov.ed to
is said that its substance is oi equal depart, as had already been proi.ii.-oi1 ;
application to the American oil ln:er- third, that civil persons arrestea .veic
ests. , I hostages for the lives of soviet mem-
Some time ago American interests,' bers in territory octupied by the allies,
with the knowledge and svmnathetic Tchitcherin said these persons are
support of the state aepartiuent
L'ontlnueU f-om I'ajjo Ou
sent civil Drisoners arrested, in accordaiite i ,illv. n .,.;
Net increase as effected by the com- , ,ive3 to Alexic-o with the with the practices of war. for intern-1 t '
mission amounted to u,iii.3,n.o;. purpose of arriving at an anikaule ad- ruenl. He aaueu t:iat no respoiiMumn
This net increase added to $S27,278.-1 jUstment of lne Krave issues arising could be assumed for their future
597.70, the total assessed valuation or i from the delcrminati.jn of the Mex- safety because Great Britain and
counties, gives the total valuation fjctm government to euforce this new France had attacked Archangel wii'n
property, real and personal, in tne 0a decree. It was hoped if the -Mex- out a declaration of war.
state. I ican government was disposed to be' "Mr. Toole stated that he was with-
Incidentally, the total assessed val-jat a falr jn Jta treatment cf the ' out knowledge of what had t.-.i.c.
nation this year is practically fIoiill Atuericaiis who had invested so heav- place in the north but warned Tenitch
the assessed valuation in 1914.. The,ily jn the development 0r the .Niexican enn th:it the peoples of the allied
increase this yer.r over last is about properlics jt WOuld be possible to nations could noi be intimidated and
30 per cent. ' I arrange a new scale of taxation. , that the initiation of a system of re-
" I Following discouraging reports from prisals by the :w.et goverr.ment could
OIL PEOPLE AGREE !these personal representatives cf tne only result in indiw-.ual members of
TO REGULATE SELVES i oj, 'ilUt,resU the letter cf Secretary the government being heui personally
' a,. ii,.,. i.. a'..w..r to tne ilritir.U uro- responsible, and in tho U;ss by the
test is taken us conclusive evidence ' holsheviki cause of whatever respect
f.n iui, ivug. i-i. me ui. . Mvlr.in irovernmeiit l"-s not It might now nave m tne mums oi i.ic
dustry, through the National Tetro- hat he Mexican n" ' civi,i2ed wo.ld.
. i . ; . hu nn. .1 1 aill uie-t ...... . . .. - - 0
A tourtn niesage i.or.i -vr
(V-v Review Irf-as-d Wire)
NKW YORK, Aug. 14. The oil in-;
leuia war service cominuiee nan un- - A.,,.m,. n it milv
dertaken voluntarily to regulate its j pose ou tned t rt i. r lot on
own affairs, particularly the price. 'a to IviirUs h ' rt ,"1 a.n '
premiums and movement of crude oil. j American and all other torelsn inter
and thus avoid direct government su-Csts. ... f
pervision. under a plan announced The Mex ican de n a lot t. e ruh t cf
here tonight by A. C. Bedford, presi- any foreign gor .men t .o P ote
dent of the Standard Oil company of diplomat cal ly a?ai. is mst: rea t n. e u
v... T,.. k.i.n fth mm. or of injustii e committed againt its
i:rou;. a t:.e ports may have tu be re
tu.ieii to, it .as saui, or some oiaer
..v. tax i'.utuie considered.
'I'ho lirst iiieas. j.i tne committee
Ctcii.rtu viiien iiepreseutauve Kauity
(f inn nu;-. auer making a stand l jr
lactcase of taxis on estaies iu e-
I esj ;f Jl.O'io.ot and beine ot.-a
ar.noiiiiced that he would car-y
on he floor of ttie houi..-.
Secret-iry .vleAdoo told the. conmiit
tte it v:s ii:iprative that the revenue
biii be enacted by congress before the
cp air.a ci ice campaign tor the (uur'.n
Liberty locn Sepifmoer 2.
in iraniir.g me excess profits tax
! .'nr. McAdi.o said that should it be de
cided to modi y tne existing schedule.
cnaiij.es iu rates stiould be n-.ade wit.l
a view to ptoducing t!ie same amount
ot revenue as during the past year
and a way more eiial ar.J less
u'auhl with hardships to u;a:l busi
i:c.s e'. ncerns.'-
T! e dialling of a measure desin-M
;o r.'.i.-e $S.!liU.0V(l.'' in retnue is a
Toole.
dated August 6 stated thai the minor
ities forcibly enteied the consulates
general of France and England on the
afternoon ot the titih and arrested the
consuls general and theii sliufi. At
ocioeiv. on tne uiwi .,, tuu '-" ,...., rrv ,n ,h ..11, ,.
.1 . . . t,...i . ,! ! tl,.. - : .....v. .-..v.. -. ... ...v ..
IliB tuunuia t,-iii... " r .t:..K- .:.,.. I iinon for ..T Mviinr.
t,.at burden, and ineiiua ities are cer
tain i'j its :it, he said. For that ita-s.-n
he told the committee it was ad
'. i.-.;b:e to eunier authority to e'p.al
taxation upo:i the couimiss.out r of in
ternal revenue a-tiug with a board oi
advisers, sube-ct to the ap;.roval of t!:e
.-( ,. taw f the treasury. The com-
tr 1 .1 . K ..... ..V. i ... i.nt 1
mlttee: The phln mis the Unction of citizens has not '" t- nienrs of uhk-u are to be
M. L. Requa. director general of the up by other La tin -Anicr ' 'r 'e.s , ge,1(fral. Mr. ple stated that a guard :'"',a!;'d ,bJ ,hf
oil division of the national fuel ad- , but has always been hrmlv refused by B , bwh COI1!iul;UPS aml unn,d by the sena.e.
ministration, who however has sound- ,tUe Vnited states government JoM mit 1;,iti, 0? K. :,-. I . tmphasK.ng t..at no tax should be
ed a warning that if prices are not! From tJ.e tune u he Mexicaa n-pl, , toj.prouch Mr. Toole point-!' aitJ on er.v.,l ,rotu
st;,hili7.ed and it becomes necessary it is fully expected that there he ' ,.,.,,,.,, ..,,,.. sv rniintt bonds as a means of maK-
for the government to step in. prem
iums may be entirely wiped out "ai
present posted prices are ample to
stimulate and encourage production."
GENERAL STRIKE CONTINUES
Hi View I.cf so Wire)
MOXTKYIDKO. Aug. 14 The gen
eral strike here was continued today
wilh no settlement yet in sight and
further casualties added to those grow
ing out of the disorders. Another
death occurred when a soldier "sabred
a man who resisted an order to move
on. '
Milk and meat for the hospitals were
being c' livrrcd today under Red Cross
Pa1;. Nursn in t'.-.i .' ospi:,ii have
pn- r.cd a-; ult'matain. thrc-a:.'r.!i;
to striio u.:!03.-. they are sivca a 25
Ve:- tent ii'rcaie i: p?y.
I I.... .1... ....t..Fi...ll.1f 111
no turtner ueiu .a ...e-e,.,. dUlely fUovit.g the s.demn assur-,
the decree. I ar.ee given by T.-hi.ch rin that '
i jiiT.-oiis having diplc-:.;atic or coiuiar,
CURTAIN OF j character would be lerpected.
'reeling thut tln-re were no i r ur :
1 ances that tho American Cit.salatr-'
i"''!i"ral would !i'U be Vluiaied ati.y'
inom.-nt he iie.,li'eye:l h:.; Ci.-des aaJ '
records, this and the g( neral : itu.Uie-i. !
made it impossible lo cany on ills J
MYSTERY IS
LIFTED NOW
(Continued from lago Ouc-i
ciming 'ieicnt c.i.'ir.i in taut city, i-ol-
...in, n a oiili.lnaiv oi tliem:
ln ot tile Wle;r;.iii i
.M ju y z J 1. a:nc (u-J.in
Lti.lc au el u li ! g.illieri::
ets liiut a ol.i.'.' ci tti'f
J.i. -s'
r, ...
hiaiio thai
repeat-'iiy
ei li.t ai-
e.i.-ica
!. a.:a
L.C-
CERMANS CONSCRIPT RUSSIANS . w
I
ii-.- t
l.fiNDOX.
I. w l.e !...il v'ln i
14 -A d'snatt h t"
the Diily Mail from Vhullvt'd. da'ed
Sur'.d'iy siiy. the Cirmans a' ready r"
co 's-ripting T.ussians on a sir. ill scale.
"According to sir Ties of prisin'-'
tiiken by tile ('.echo-Slovaks," s:
ti.e (ii-paldi, "(;en:::-n 'lying cniumus
lire imi'icsMMg males from IS to 4"i
years o' (!, and are brl:n;i"g !'
who disobty the moliiPz.U-on order b
lore Cirmiin'zcd rcvoluMonary irihun
als. v. Iiii h : !'.!c'iiri t:-MU to death."
seiitaiivci
..a
.jiii,:i
nii.e s eee,
ini : td a .
.ill . in i ' e :
(,l Frali 1'
. s Vi 1 H.':
;;;i:i:; ana !
ll,-at!!'U MOUl.l
( ( :ai . .linn ol
in ..ii ;
i.i ..ii)
: Hi ..l a
,.e .li.i-
l.V
r
::.u
.i.ia'
d I.
l.e
l.e-eoii-
.ptu
ill.C 1.1 I
i.
Ti hi. ' ' i '''' ''
b(. :.o tiiid'-rsioial , that
. '.:,..e ,li;ia
i II I
ill.
lit
l. t
It.
SIX KILLED
SCORE HURT
BY ELECTRIC STORM
C I..M
tente.
.i..'
,n r, ,a..e ll
o 'nii'l'. i.ii.d
. r.iii.i l ! i. in"-'
i.::. t'.: i ti!.; ;
it t!'
iva.- inv .J. ni-t
,-. l.iUiin.; aau
i, ii'-efl not
wa.i a st.ii"
:.;..ie ol .v.-.'.
: .i.'MtJ
t.ie
functions and be accordingly asked tin"
Swedish tot-s'll g-iier.il to t il.'.: over
the protect'wti of Ann -rican i.ite ( st
and at the same tn.ie tj re.jUi st faciii
ties of the soviet government ier the
immtdiate departure i.f the Ame.ic".in
diplomatic and con uiar sfu;'. ': li'. al
lied consuls v:i rt- doing l:x i :t.
"All step were lieiu jki :i i'ir th"
see-jrity of prita'e A'i'e.-.e:.n '-rrt-ns
who haii not been molest -d . far.
"A tilth report ttate'I that Mr. l'-x.:
had received fr'iin Mr N.rTii i;-. Ar
our, secretary ol the A .iierii in (.ili... -sy,
whom .Mr. Francis b' t b !;!n ! a
Volgoda, v. hen be w rit to Arelnir.g
a lel' gr.im vthh h i.tati-d that i-u ;. .-:-.
ant troin !edioft. coniniissli'iier ot tin
jieopie, had called to see h'.in. and ap-
n ( re o.ipin.ir me govern in -m vtar
st verities, as set fortii in his letter t
ihaiiman Kitchin June i, Mr. Mc
Adoo raid:
"'I cor.nr.t profitably enlarge ut'ou
wliat I wrote more than two montns
?:. e;. t to say :'-.at tall' v to .mi
-..r.:u .hat in tJuct. a twe ve per
v:-t tax i;,r."n normal earue 1 i:no:ees
:i;id tne failure to enact a differential
.:, s.:y, 5 j r ent, against uneariej
!:ico'iies, ranking tlie tax on ttie !ai!-.-r
li.t iil, u is e tinnit'il by the
"res !.- depurtment. deprive u ct
. r venue to the entount of $1 i:.m'.:oi
v !: :le nt t. sam time scriovsry jeo.
: r;;:.vr..-T tre procram for the isi.it
- f ' '!-. lor.Cs of the f'Ui'.h 1 it-erf
: a it i :r ceai. lv rtlnirg it;
:-ii. pie -;p;nl.t!oa tr lt'- holdes
f t"-.i ?r he:.;! I rem norma! incoi
vi- ( v :i:i :'.:-v)'int e'i:al to -u"- -1
.'. '. l;i;.l 1.". ti Tl per tent."
i-!'-.iki'n oi th" proposed l;iiry
-;i t'.,,. .;eire'rv to ii t 'e con-nii-
' pi.rpo-ie ;f the prop'-ed
: i . ..'..1 l et be li erely to Tti.-i ret
. if- V- t s -o ii.l also :.e t te la
. ,, eu t.-i.i:i-.; oi waste!' cx'ndit-
;o
.:.i.i
Ii.
a n
I
program
l,i!l'..l'i;i.''I!IA. ug. 14--Six per
! ion ; Mere kill, d and a stare inj.ired
by e;!il 11:111: during a severe tle-. ti; .11
vlnrm winch swept easd ill IVlili.-y!
I vnt.il te:!i One m.;:i wts killed and
several injuie-i by lightning in Deia
w are.
Iron:
I cru
.M : 1 1
in'i-t !.e
by ti.e I.e. ill c" tile :-."iV-I..
Th.'y iilo point
v ': una -paraii
.-p: rta '' -it tl'.c ine'il-
ef t;e
I. a . i '
rt
11 r military iiu- imii.
reed 'n t :.e"il II a : e Pie
,,. p.
1", am
' : I
toiciu that they
! ll 1 !
I, the
1. ,1 ,
n.:, hi aeeeiie
..!!(. ual livt. te :r--111!.
had rais-'d ab-o-
i!-e- ier.1; ! he
a -,1 n
cou'd net see m f.is Tttt ;
'I,
it .
If DicgfT.ts VVeic Aavc Totlay
lic'il hung up his lantern and find Ms
liono.'-t man t'ntoif;li an advertisement
in l!io Review Classified CcKtiV.ns. 1
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, AUGUST 15, 1918.
FIVE
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
.NEW YORK, Aug. 14. Kai s Mere
loss conspicuous in today's circum
scribed stock market. In the uiorn
ii'.g, when prices wore lusher, atten
licn was Jrawn toward tnt raiiroad
contract conlerence, but prices broke
1 to 2 points on announcement of in
conclusive action. ,
Another restraining ini'.uenoj was
ilic rir,iiJi!y of cull money, which hc.d
at C per cent, thouth time funds were
m belter supply.
Shares of the prominent electrical
ir.nuanies enjoyed a brief period ot
t-U-cnsth, and tclecjaph and telephone
shares rallied substantially.
twix' quotations anion.u leading rr.ils
'and industrials were fractionary under
those of the preceding day. United
States steel yielding practically one
point, at. Paul issues displayed con
sistent strength and tobaccos, oils and
papers ended mostly at gains. Sales
amounted to 370,000 shares.
Liberty SVi's at the jearly new maxi
mum cf 100.S leatured the more nar
row ;;nd irrtpular bond list, interna-tion.-ls
again easing s:iht tractions,
'iota; sales, par value, aggregated $5.
0'0,000. U.d Tnited States bonds were un
changed on call. .
GRAIN
CHICAGO, Aug. 14. Rains and cool
er temoei attires mane the corn market
avs.age lowtr tooday, despite bullish
crop ;.dices both irom government
iir.a private sources. The close was
weak, :,i to lc net lower, with Sep
Unifcer l.t,lU to Sl-61'Sx and Gctouer
tl.tJ io Oats iiiiisnc-a a
suace ou to !,(c advance and provis
ions down 7c to 45c. Weakness in tr.e
ccrn maiket developed chiefly arouuu
the opening and the close. Oniy trans
ient upturns were brought aooui by
the adverse crop news because lo a
large t stent the facts had been dis
counted in aavance. The crop lali-res
that received the greatest attention, in
cluded an estimate that the seven lead
ing states would harvest 8,000,000
bushels less than had been implied
by the government returns of August
1. Besides, according to oliicial an
nouncement the crop in many upland
districts of Missouri, Kansas, Okla
homa and Texas will be a failue out
right. Oats were governed mainly by the
action of corn. Gossip was current
that the movement to terminal mark
ets is not as heavy as the trade had
expected.
Provisions went down grade with
hogs. Business, however, was small.
NEW YORK COTTON MARKET
NfcAV YOKK, Aug. 14 Cotton closed
easy, net 2S points lower to 42 points
higher. December sold up from ?2'J.33
to S30.16 and closed at $29.85.
NEW YORK METAL MARKET
NEW YORK, Aug. 14. Lead,' un
changed; spot, $8.05; spelter, steady;
sot. East St. Louis delivery, JS.4j'fl
o-tiU; bar silver, 99c.
OATMAN
(By Collins and Br-therton)
Bid Ask
Argo 04 .06
Adams -02
Arizona Rex -15
Arizona Tom R 02 .05
Big Jim Con 04 .07
Boundary Cone -0-
Oold Ore .04 .05
;ld Road lion -02
Gold Calf 15
Luckv Boy -03
Sanuyside 02 .04
Telluride 04 .07
Tom Reed 1-61 1-65
I'nited Eastern 3.50 3-09
I niled Northern .02
Re'd Lion -15
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 2.50 2
(ire en Monster 44
Butte London 10
Dundee 75 1
Venture Hill
Pitts Jerome 36
jT.'me Verde 44
Ark-Arizor.a 07
i ironic Portland ,
Ins-Nec-lIei 0G
Hull Copper 60
Magma Chief 17
.50 I
15 !
oo !
04 !
40 j
50 j
05 j
17
12
05
20
Patriotically Speaking
VL X i.. , vil C3 -. tiWy'fl f? .' V
LEASED WIRE
Wolverine Arizona
Verde Combination ...
Miami Consolidated .
Xaci-zari Coi.sol.,'ated
Cu:i. Cop. Mins
I'orp'yry
( a.. & ji'Mjih:
feather Ittver
155 175
.C9 .75
.02 .05
33
5.00 5.t'5
.til) .05
1.00 1.12
12
Baseball Scores
NATIONAL LEAGUE
NATIONAL ..G ..6 .. G..6 ..G . .6 5.1
V. L. I'd.
Chicago 61 oS .045
New Vork 63 43 .5:4
Pittsburg 5S 4S .517
Philadelphia 45 h'J .433
Brooklyn 49 57 .452
Cincinnati 50 55 .476
Boston 46 57 .447
St. Louis 44 67 .3nti
CUBS SKUNK PIRATES
lily Mevli-w Leased Wire)
CHICAGO, Aug. 14 Erratic fielding
in the first inning enabled Chicago to
shut out Pittsburg.
K. II. C.
Pittsburg 000 000 000 o 4 3
Chicago i 200 0o0 OOx 2 6 i
Comstock and Schmidt; Vaugh ana
Killifer.
REDS BEAT CARDINALS
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 14. Ames did not
allow a hit until the sixth inning v.hen
a double by Groh, a triple by Neale
and a fielder's choice by Koush scored
two runs. Cincinnati got three more,
w inning the game.
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 00 002 201 b 6 0
St. Louis 100 000 0001 7 0
Eller and W'ingo; Ames, Meadows
and Gonzales.
DODGERS SEAT PHILLIES
BROOKLYN, Aug. 14. Hy Meyers
won for Brooklyn with a triple and a
double that drove in three runs. The
Dodgers made it four out of five in the
series.
R. H. E.
Philadelphia 001 100 0002 9 2
Brooklyn 000 210 Olx 4 9 0
Prendergast and Adams; Grimes
..aud M. Wheat, Archer.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
W. L. Pet.
Boston 66 45 .51)5
Cleveland 63 47 .572
Washington 60 48 .536
New York 49 55 .471
St. Louis 50 46 .521
Chicago 51 54 .4sG
Detroit 47 59 .443
Philadelphia 42 66 .3S9
RED SOX WIN
(Tiv He-view Leased Wire)
BOSTON, Aug. 14. Boston won,
beating Russell for the first time this
season. '
R. II. E.
Chicago Oil 000 0103 7 4
Boston 002 003 OOx 5 12 1
Russell and Scbulk; Jones and
Agnew.
INDIANS BEAT YANKS
NEW YORK, Aug. 14 Cleveland de
feated New York in the first game ot
their series. Bagby held the New
York batters in check and made three
hits. Wood made his fifth home run
on the local grounds this season.
R. H. E.
Cleveland 110 110 0307 15 3
New York 100 000 0012 6 :'-
Bagby and O'Neill; Love, Keating,
Sanders and Walters.
SENATORS LOSE TO TIGERS
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14. Washing
ton was able to score only three runs
off fourteen hits today and was defeat
ed by Detroit in the opening game of
the series.
R. H. E.
Detroit 000 000 1045 8 0
Washington 100 010 0103 14 1
Boland, Jones and Stanage, Spen
cer; Shaw, Ayers and Ainsmith.
BROWNS BEAT ATHLETICS
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 14. St.
fc. .a a J I i J L -wrm .-. J F W . mmm i
Otherwise-they are
the most wonderful
corn flakes you ever
XQsted.
TOMMY MURPHY AGAIN
CARRIES AWAY
HIGH HONORS
WINS TWO FIRSTS AND TWO SEC
j ONDS IN FOUR STARTS; SOM!
INTERESTING AND NOVEL
EVENTS SPRUNG ON AUDIENCC
i AT GRAND CIRCUIT MEET
U-..' Kl'VleW l.llunil t
1 ill t....L.L-I 11 iA, .Aim. H. idlll'Sy
....... !i ii n-jrses again carried on ..
cuiei honors ai inc. uu-u uay s lacm-;
Hi en-; u ciicdit ineeuiig at ie
luo. ..aii iv.uay, .:nii.i.g two lirsts
.ml lvo iv'tJii'J moiifjs Hi four stans.
r.li(.lii'.l luieiest ceiueieU m U.e
..ou trot -Ci u.e B.llevue struiford
hotel stake of $3000 with nine stane.i.
eu m.i t,ehsaiic.ial perlul inunce ; BO
lai- uii season, tsperanza, tne v'a
loir.ia n. ire, was selected io win, out
the ietor turned up in Harvey r.rn
cfcis i i::i a... wliicii won lirst nioiit?
a.ter .Murpnys lioyal .Mack had taken
the nrst heat.
The veteran, Ed Geers, won the 2-ye;.r-i.ld
liberty stake of $2000 wiln
Hiurioff beating Murphy's Norman
Diliion in a red hot nose finish in ..';u
urst neat and taking the second som-:-v.hm
easier irom princess Etawun.
'ihe money was paid at the wire m
Liberty tonds wrapped in silken Amer
ican iiass. A novelty was fumishej
oy me tree ior all pace in which the
purso of $1,200 was subdivided into
ihrce i.urses of $400 each and award
ed to the horses acc'jrding to their
positions at each quarter. Miss Harris
M took the race in straight heats and
won the larger portion of the purse.
Ben Earl finished second and Hoan
Hal third in the summary and in 'he
amount cf money won.
iludlight won the 2:12 pace in
straight heats.
FROWN ON PROFESSIONAL
BALL PLAYERS BEING I
HIRED IN SHIP YARDS 1
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 14 Tiia :
employment of professional ball
players in ship yards "more for the j
purpose of bolstering up teams
than to expedite the ship building ',
program" will no longer be couu- J
tenanced by the emergency fleet
corporation.
In an order Issued today by the ;
vice president, Howard Coonley,
bail players are placed on the same
footing as all other workmen.
Louis defeated Philadelphia in eleven
innings today. Johnson, who replaced
Perry was found for three hits.
R. H. E.
St Louis .j. .000 000 000 134 11 2
Philadelphia .000 000 000 101 8 2
Davenport and Severeid; Peny,
Johnson and Perkins.
ARM TENNIS MATCH
03y Review Leased Wire)
BOSTON, Aug. 1 4 Fred B. Alex
! ander and Beals C. Wright, former in
' ternatlonalists, defeated Ichiya Kum
agae, the Japanese favorite, and Har
! old Taylor, national junior champion,
; in a third round match of the national
; doubles law n tennis tournament at the
j Longwood Cricket club today.
LUCKY BARNEY OLDFIELD
(Hv Review I.eased Wire!
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Aug. 14. Bar
ney Oldfield crashed into a fence in
an attempt to lower the mile track rec
ord at the state fair today. His car
turned over and burst Into flames.
Oldlield's hair was singed.
Patagonia: The Hardshell mine is
installed at the World's Fair mine.
The work is progressing rapidly and
expects to be producing soon.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
it tit 7! I
i
5
1.1
P. D. MERC. TO
DISCONTINUE
LO MCE
On All Purchases Made Com
mencing Wiih October First
Store No Longer Will Col
lect Through Payroll
An :;j'!-;u:k i hk r.L fraiit-il with con
:;l.kr:.bl;, i!i jertaiKe to many phonic
i:i tnis d.Mii'.'i was contained in a
raticc ricci.C'l yesterday by the ite'
itw, and al-u pested conspicuously
around tr.e t he.ps Dodge Mercautilo
co mpany titore. It says
Aug'. 15, 1918.
Oi ruri-Iiasrs made commencing
ctcie.- 1, V.'l Uie Puelps Dodge ier
ccnti'.e (.'.uii in;- will discontinue the
pioii nt pradi' e of passing charge ac
,o.:nis lo ;he i'litlps Dciie Cor(VJi-a-tic.i,
Ci'.pper yueen division, -or col
lection on its pay roM.
I'lh-.l-l'S t!()l:.,K MEIU'ANTII.E CO.
W. V. A1EVEU, acting goneral man
ager. DOCHE SUBMARINES LAG
IN CONTEST WITH THZ
ALLIED SKIPBUILCERS
(i:-.- H.-vI. v.- Leased Wire
PARIS. Aug. 14 (Havas Atr-ney).
The allied and neutral shipping
sank by enemy submarines during
I July amounted to , 270.000 tons.
compared with 5!4.S:;9 tons s;ink
in July, 1917. This radical de
crease in losses is doubly sipaili
cant when the increase in merch
ant marine navigation resulting
from the American ship building
effort is considered. The entente
notions constructed during July a
tonnage in excess of the 2S0.000
to that destroyed during ths
month.
The entente tonnage sunk in
1918 was 50 per cent less than
that lost in 191..
WILL ARBITRATE WAGES
crtv Review Leasert Wire)
DENVER, Colo., Aug. 14 The wage
controversy between the Denver Tram
way company and its employes will
be referred to the war labor beard, ac
cording to an agreement reached to
night between the manager of the
tramway company and the officers of
the tramway employes' union. The
agreement was made after the em
ployes had decided to call a strike if
the company refused to agrfe to fed
eral mediation. The employes are atk
ing for a wage increase of 22 cents an
iicur. The company had offered an
increase of 6 cents an hour.
CRABB IS DEAD
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Aug. 14 A. I).
Crabb. a wealthy land and cattle own
er and -former member of the Arizona
legislature, did in a local hospital to
night as a result of injuries sustained
this alternoon when thrown from a
horse while roping cattle. He is sur
vived by a widow.
Prescott: Active development work
Is in progress at the Big Bug Copper
company. This company is located at
t'opper Mountain, near Mayer. A
strong ore body is in sight which is
said to run from 15 to 50 per cent
copper.
MRS. HAYWOOD
IS CANDIDATE
FOR LEGISLATURE
In the announcement columns of the
Review today will be found the an
nouncement of Mrs. Nellie A. Hay
ward as a candidate for represntatieve
GENERAL'S KIN IS
HOSPITAL WORKEF
3Irs. JIary Logan Tucker.
Mrs. Mary Lotran Ttnlcer is prcsi
dent of the Lcp-ion of Loyal Women.
This organization is interested in
many kinds of practical wir work
and especially in providing rest pil
lows for the hospitals here at home.
Mrs. Lopan is a daughter of the
late Gerfji.il Locaa.
I y IS
: A. " 'A
; o. - , - n
-
QUANTITY PRODUCTION OF SHIPS IS REACHED BY U. S.
AS FIRST VFSrT. IS ! UNCITFD AT TTOH FMXD SWPYXRD
' r
jKmi ii'Vji' "Mi m .'"u"!1 n i' mm ( 'w'p,"p J'' lu" V " jLliiaw I
I - , - y 0. ' ..J,""" i Wil o!'!--,-"7 I
President and Mrs. Wilson after at
tending launchinpr of first ship
. built at the Hog Island shipyard.
. Ship is christened Quistconck by
Mr9. Wilson. In photo of launch. ,
in? the president is indicated by
an arrow.
With the launching- of the 7,500
ton ship Quistconcy at the Hog
Island shipyard, the first vessel con
structed there, the quantity produc
tion of ships by the U. S. was reach
ed. From now on ships will be pro
duced fast enoutrh, not only to make
up for the sinkings by U-boats, bnt
to decrease the deficiency in world
tonnag-c. President and Mrs. Wil
son attended the launching. Mrs.
Wilson christened the ship, naming
it Quistconck, the Indian name for
Hog- Island.
subject to the democratic primary
election. Mrs. Hayward Iu3 resided
in Douglas for a number of years and
is the wife of Conductor Jesse Hay
ward, of the El Paso & Southwestern
railway. During her residence in
Douglas and especially since the fran
chise was granted the women of the
state. Mrs. Haward has taken con-'
siderable interest in campaigns and
always for the democratic party and
the candidates of that party. In the
last session of the legislature she held
the important position of enrolling and
in the legislature from Cochise county,
REG. 4J. S.
j&Rpnr
When you walk into a dependable
shoe store and as tor a pair or
RirrTHPf-MT Armv Shn- von
. , , t ,
can be sure
' I Viat ftire Armlf lirt it tin
to sMncarc1 thar it is
msdc by workmen who
have turned out more tl -.an
600,000 Army Shoes under 'r-'
expert supervision and that
it is backed by a record cf more than fifty
yesrs of hone&t shoe m.-.iiufachirir.g.
Loci: for cur reentered trade name
DliCKKi.cHT stamped on tlie sole of evcrjr
Chr fur oar mutual protection.
At your dealer's or if he is not supplied order direct
from the manufacturers, Buckingham & Hecht, San Fran
cisco. $6.50 to $7.50.
To Our Subscribers
ffj Owing to increased cost of labor, materials, and everything con
nected with the newspaper business The Review has found it neces
sary to discontinue the practice of having the route carriers collect
subscription accounts.
fjj This practice was unsatisfactory and inefficient as mistakes were
frecjuent and the results of this system were unsatisfactcry bcth to the
subscriber and the paper.
V Therefore: We request that all subscription accounts be p:ud direct
to the business office of The Review. This will e'imina'e n 1-rge
source of error and we are sure the benefit derived frcm this course
will be mutual.
Subscriptions not paid in a reasonable length of lin;e will be dis
continued. CJ We will appreciate your cooperation in our efforts to ivc j'ou the
very best possible service and conserve at the same time.
The Bisbee Daily Review
Main St. "Your Paper Every Day Ecfore Breakfast" Phone 39
. I I . -.ill
!
if
engrossing clerk, and later at the-spe
cial session was appointed assistant
chief clerk of the house, being the first
woman in the United States to hold a
like pesition, according to the house
she made a hundred per cent good.
Friends of Mrs. Hayward have been
uiging her to become a candidate for
the legislature ever since she returnee
home from the special legislative ses
sion in Phoenix and she has now
agreed to stand for election, promis
ing in her announcement to stand for
the square deal K she succeeds in be
coming a memb'.-r of the legislature.
HT
PAT. OFF.
shoe
There's just one thing
to remember ask foe
the Buckhecht Army
Shoe by name and be
sure that you get it
Then you will appre
ciate why it is worn by
thousands of
Office Men
Attorneys
Physicians
Hikers
Hunters
Farmers
Orchard ists
Motormen
Conductors
and others in every walk of Iii
! ?: i
CSe- V
V ' ?
!
I Miami: The Bracco group have been
, teased ana .win De unancea by eastern
; steel corporations for manganese. The
Stead in an method is to be used in "
j treating the low grade ores.
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street. Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest method.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. OK ST.
City Dye Works
Cleaning and Pressing
Phone 739
Opp. Y. W. C A.
WSSDlw24. Hours;!
I c 'V' (MI3YJ 1
m HfiwtBt of Owmttrfw .
1 VWrWWrrWrW SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, AUGUST 15, 1918.
WAR TAX ARTICLE NO. 1
The United States government must formulate within the next few months
the greatest war taxation measure in its history. It must provide about
$24,OOO,OO0,0C3 to carry on the war for the coming year.
To enable the public to understand the steps leading to the adootion by
congress of the great revenue bill and the difficulties of the task congress is
facing. The Associated Press has planned a series of articles on American
taxation and war financing. It is intended to deal with the subject in simple
language, avoiding technicalities, partisanship or political bias, and in addi
tion to discussing present day problems the articles will tell of difficulties
of financing the war of independence,' birth of the internal revenue 6ystem,
forcing federal taxation cn the states, development of the federal treasury,
financing the Mexican and civil wars, the income tax and excess profits sys
tems, taxation of the Spanish war period, pre-war taxation in America, as
well as the proposed new war tax bill. These articles will be issued from
time to time within the next few weeks and should prepare the public mind
to grasp the significance of the forthcoming great war finance bill when it is
ready for the debate in congress. The first or introductory articles follows:
(Correspondence of Associated Press)
WASHINGTON. Aug. 11. War 'ax
ation with all its problems, and its
benefits as well as its evils, is the
subject which will oceuoy Congress al
most to the exclusion of all o'.hcrs
when it reassembles, fo regular ses
sions on August 24.
A statesman of an older generation
once remarked that government was
nothing more or less than the power
to levy and collect taxes. It is obvi
ous that w hile the subject of war tax
ation has the attention of congress it
must necessarily command the atten
tion of the American people, baceuse
the stability of government is meas
ured chiefly by its revenue.
The ways and means committee of
the ifouse is engaged in the prelimin
ary work of framing the twenty-four
billion dollar revenue, bill which is to
provide the sinews of war for the com
ing year. Passage of the bill by the
bouse in substantially the form in
which it comes from tKe committee
promises to be a matter of course.
In the senate, ho'vever, will come
revision and reconstruction, o'ten the
subject of prolonged debate and even
filibuster, which will nut the bill more
nearly in the shape in which it ulti
mately will become, the senate, as
some historian has said, being "the.
saucer in which is cooled the hot
tea coming from the house" the delib
erations tliere are sure to .be pro
longed. After the hill has been passed, it j
will go to "corlerenee, often referred
to as the place where bills really are
made. Here a joint committee reprer
senting senate and house smoothes out
conflicting provisions, arranges com
promises for hard fcught amendments,
and finally, inducing each side to give
way. a little, or when agreement 13
shown to be hopeless, discarding pro
visions entirely, reports back to both
houses of congress a complete bill.
Sometimes one hour or the other, in
sistent on some provision, refuses to
accept the decision of the conference
and demands further consideration,
but in the end a bill that is adopted
by both branches of congress comes
out.
The war revenue bill will be thread
ing its way through these tortuous
passages in the halls f congress for
several weeks, possibly until snow
flies and it will be well for any Amer
ican newspaper reader who wishes to
grasp the significance of its movi
ments as it progresses to fix in mind
the fiv stages through which the bill
passes before it goes to the White
House for the signature of the presi
dent, these stages are
The bill is framed in the house wa-3
and means committee. (This is now
going on).
It is considered in the house itnd
with more or less limited debate, and
possibly some amendments from the
committee form, is passed and sent to
the senate.
The bill Is considered by the sen
ate finance coltimittee, to which it has
been referred. In this committee the
bill may be practically "made over"
or the structure of the work of the
house may be added the ideas of the
senate committeemen.
It Is debated and passed in the sen
ate, after often nights of prolonged
argument and parliamentary maneu
ver. As altered by the senate the bill
goes to the conference committee or
em
op
The Drink Supreme
BRAVO, a pure, cereal, non-intoxicating beverage fills
the need for a non-intoxicating drink. It quenches thirst,
relieves fatigue and puts vim into work and pleasure.
BRAVO is a drink for everybody.
In Bottles and
BUXTON-SMITH COMPANY
Local Distributors
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $4U;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
soiliitcrii and reptescntatives, which
finally reports back a compromise
draft on which both houses can agree.
Inasmuch as this particular bill
lengthens the long arm of the gov
ernment tax collector so it can reach
into almost c-vPry man's pocket, one
who attempts to be informed of what
sacrifices he will be called upon to
make that th world may become a
decent place to live in, will do well
to survey the needs which ha'e
brought before the country this meas
ure for taxing the hish and low.
The American people o course will
not only finance their own share or
the war, but they will furnish in large
measure, the monetary back-bone to
c:iab!e the allies to continue. - This
new law is expected to make an equit
able distribution of the burden to all
the pecple in just proportion to their
share of the nation's wealth. Kesulta
of the present laws have not been en
tirely satisfactory., :
Experience has pointed out weak
spots.
Estimates submitted to congress
place the expenditures of the coming
year at about $30,000,000,000. It does
not necessarily follow, however, that
the actual expenditure will reach that
figure. The house committee on ap
propriations is of the opinion that $24
000,000,000 will suffice. According to
the original budget the expenditure;
for war purposes alone will be $24,47d,
221.77. The fourth issue of Liberty bonds
would be authorized at $16,000,000,000,
which leaves $8,000,000,000 to be se
cured through other means. It is wih
the raising of this $8,000,000,000 that
the new revenue bill will be concerned.
The problem confronting those dralt
ing the bill is just how to levy equit
ably upon the various taxable re
sources; what proportion of the
amount is to be taken through excess
profits taxes and income taxes and
what by luxury, consumption and other
taxes. At the precent time opinion is
divided upon this subject, and while
at first it was believed that an ex
cess profits and income tax would
furnish at :eant $6,000,000,000 of the
amount needed, it has now been prac
tically determined that in view of the
reduction of profits, brought about
through the increased cost of labor and
materials, and also by government
price fiig, it wi'.l be impossible to
raise more than $4,500,000,000 throig'i
this means.
Granted that these tentative figures
prove to be correct, there then comes
the question as to how the $1,500,000,
000 is to be secured. It is positive that
there will be a general increase in the
tax rate, but just how this new rate
will be applied must be determined
by thorough investigation. The mat
ter of exemption, the prevention of
duplication in taxation and the iron
ing out of those technicalities through
which some people have escaped the
payment of their just share must also
be settled before the means of rais
ing additional revenue is definitely de
cided upon.
One thing seems positive. The law
makers say they are determined that
the nation's business shall not be
hampered. It also seems certain that
thP people of America will not be com
pelled to bear the heavy burden of
taxation that has been placed upon the
English.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULT8
it Is
on Draught
AVO
KITCHEN DEPARTMENT
MOST IMPORTANT
TO SOLDIER
MEN TO WORK HARD AND EFFI -
CIENTLY MUST BE DECENTLY
FED AND EVERY BRITISH OF-i
FICER MUST SEE TO THE PROV
ENDER OF HIS MEN
l'.EHIM) THE BRITISH LINKS IN
.FRANCE. July The importance of
the kitchen department of the army
cannot be overrated, for if men are to
work hard and efficiently they must
be decently fed. For this reason the
"King's Regulations" provide fiat it
is the first duty of every commanding
officer to see that the scldier's meals
are "properly and sufficiently provid
ed." It is further ordered that an of
ficer must inspect the kitchens and
cookhouses every day, while the same
officer must visit the barrack rooms
and mess tents during the breakfast,
dinner and supper hours to find out if
there is any cause for complaint.
The kitchen establishment of a Brit
ish army camp varies widely, under
different circumstance?. At garrison
centers in France, the ocokhouse is a
large building shared by several units,
and is under the charge of a sergeant
chef who has been through a special
course in military cooking. It is his
duty to superintend personally all
cooking done in the regimental cook
house. Each unit, in its turn, has a
chef cock who is responsible for all
the meals of his unit.
If the stay at a particular spot is
likely to be for any appreciable length
of time, a good field kitchen is impro
vised by digging a narrow trench for
the fires, and placing the camp kettles
above this. Sometimes a chimney is
ffuilt of sods.
For a stay of three or four days, reg
ular "field ovens" are constructed. An
arch cf sheet iron is erected and on
top of this a layer of clay is piled.
With this oven it is possible to give
the men roast meat for dinner as often
as the joints are forthcoming from the
supply column. Knough bread to feed
a whele battery can be baked in one
of these ovens.
JOSEPH PULITZER ENLISTS
(Tiy Review leased Wire)
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 14. According to
a dispatch from Washington, Joseph
Pulitzer, jr., of St. Louis, editor o' the
St. Louis PosVDispatch, has enrolled
there in the naval aviation corps,
ground service, after being rejected
in the flying service on account cf
pooor vision. He is 33 years old and
has a wife and two children.
In a Cup of
INSTANT 0i
POSTUM Nr
No Waste-No Worry M
Less Sugar- No fcCj
corfee Troubles- m
Delicious Fiavor. fll
We Installed This Hydraulic
Press To Save Money For Yon
THE rental value of your truck is from $15 to $50 a day,
depending on its size. Every day that you lay up your
truck, waiting for tires to be pressed cn ot the factory or in
some other city, you lose $15 to $50. To save this money and
to render you service in keeping with the hi&h standard of
li I
Truck
we invested in this press. It will apply any size of
Firestone Pressed-On Tire, from 32x2,54 to the 42x14
Firestone Giant. With us, applying pressed-on tires is a
matter of minutes instead of days.
The resiliency, toughness and wearing qualities of Firestone
Truck Tires ore unsurpassed. Come in and let us prove
it. Get acquainted with our thorough service facilities.
lif ftj;qUslf
: VGRWAERTS DECRIES
: RAIN OF STEEL
i FOR FUH1TY
j
SAYS INSPIRED WRITINGS OF
GERMANS AT OPENING OF WAR
REGARDING PURITY TO BE
BRED BY CONFLICT HAVE BEEN
PROVEN WRONG BY CRIME
NEW YORK, Aug. 7 (Correspond
ent e of Tl.e Associated l'ress) War
ha; caused an increase of crime ati'l
depravity amuiK the German people,
according to an analsis published by
the Berlin Vorwaerts. The paper re
calls that at the beginning of the war.
prophets sneke of a "steel b.ith" in the
waters cf which the ni:.r:!s of the Ger
man people would recuperate.
"SiWe August 4, 1D!4," says the Vor
waerts, "we have allowed the bless
ings of this hath to act on us with
steadily increasing vigor and the re
sult is a moral conditicn of health or
the German people of which the com
pilations of criminal statistics give con
vincins reports. These tell us of the
steadily increasing number of crimes
of brutality, and serious crimes against
property and a glance at any newspap
er confirms the horribly increasing
number of robberies and burglaries in
the cities and as well as in rural dis
tricts. Systematically organized and
methodically operating bands of rob
bers menace continually life and prop
erty of 'respectable' citizens.
"Also honesty of the latter has suf
fered a perceptible "crack" and here
the influence cf the steel bath is di
rectly proved. We do not fear that
we are disclosing any state-endangering
secret when we announce the fact
that at present there probably are few
German subjects left who have not in
some more or less serious manner vio
lated the existing government decrees
and laws and made themselves liable
to punishment."
The Yorwaertts, then cites the In
stances of the citizen, who on Sundays
goes to the country to buy food for
hoarding purposes, of the proud wife
of the owner of a large estate, whose
chickens "lay" eggs only for a mark
apiece, of the wife of the first lieuten
ant who sells the food articles receiv
ed from her husband at the front at
fancy prices and the army of usurers,
secret traders and forgers.
The Vorwaerts then dwells on the
effects of the steel bath on the grow
ing generation and cites complaints by
the clergy and teachers to show that
depravity is one of its results.
The paper calls attention to what it
describes as the "fruits" of the best
education as shown during the Hadeck
liernstorff libel case.'' It adds:
"When refined cavaliers of the most
prominent society apply the most com
mon names to each ether and bos each
other's ears, then no one has the right
to claim for one certain class, decency
and well-behavior.
"The .steel bath exerts its effects on
everyone and splashes over the home
of the proletariat as well as over the
playroom in the family of the count."
Ajo: The Gunsight litigation has
been settled and shipping will beg'n
at once. This mine was closed years
ago when the price of. silver dropped.
Since the war the price has advanced
and shipping operations will com
mence again since a clear title his
been obtained to the property.
Tires
BISBEE AUTO CO.
Bisbee, Ariz.
: n i 3 T-n M . - M I
Political Announcements
FOR SMfcHU-K
t nereoy announce inysoir as a can
didate tor me nomination lor tue uit:cC
l Mieritr ot locnise county, Ruuject
to tne wi;i ti me votei at niis aemo-
j crat:c primary 10 i, u-jiu ou aepieui-
uer 1U, is la.
w. s. uicaki'iijld.
1 rOH SMtKIFF
i
I I nereuy announce uiyteir. ga a caa
d:uaf! -or trie nomination tor tue omce
oi Siierm ol cocm.se county, iiuuject
io tne win or toe voters vi too ae'mo
crniic priiujry io tie u;u cn tpitin
oer 10,-iJio
FOH SMtKII-r
1 nerety aiiuouuce mysei as a can
didate tor tue nomination lor tne otuce
ot sberitl ol locnise county, Kuojtci
to tne will oi iui voters at tne ae.no
cranc primary to n neiu ou 5 pteui
Uer id, i is.
JA.MKS k. Mcdonald,
420 Deputy u. S. .Marshal.
FOR SHERIFF
1 nereny announce myseit a3 a can
didate tor tne nomination lor the ol
nce ol sneritt ot Cocuise county, sub
ject to tne win or tne voters at tne
republican primary to be teld on Sep
tember 10, 1913.
585 LORENZO WRIGHT
FOR SHERIFF
I nereay announce myseir as h can
didate for the olllce cf slicrl.t tI Co
chise county, subject to the acUou i f
the voters at the democratic prima
ries to be held September 10. la is.
EARL V. SANDS,
C. Q. Smelter, Douglas, Arizona.
FOR TREASURER
I bereoy announce myseir as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of Treasurer of Cochise county,
subject to the will ot the voters at the
democratic primary to be held, ou
September 10. 1913.
GUY C. WELCH.
-FOR SUPERVISOR
I hereby .announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of supervisor of Cochise .county,
subject to the will of the voters at the
democratic , primary to be held on
September 10, 1318.
I. C. E. ADAMS,
CS4 Ex-Mayor.
FOR CLERK, SUPERIOR COURT
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of Clerk, Superior Court of Co
chise county, suoject to the will of the
voters at the democratic primary to be
held on September 10, 1918.
J. E. JAMES.
FOR JUDGE, SUPERIOR COURT
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of Judge, Superior Court or Co
chise county, subject to the will of the
voters at the democratic primary to be
held on September 10, 191S.
ALFKKD C. LOCKWOOD.
FOR SUPERVISOR
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of supervisor of Cochise county,
subject to the will ot the voters at the
democratic primary to be held on
September 10, 191S.
S97 V. M. JOHNSON.
FOR STATE SENATOR
I hereby announce myself as candi
date for the nomination as state sen
ator of Cochise county, subject to the
will of the democratic voters to be
held on September 10. 1918.
535 T. 13. GRACE.
FOR STATE REPRESENTATIVE
Upon the earnest solicitation of
many friends in Cochise county and
throughout the state, I hereby an-
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
, Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Bisbee
.luunce myself as a candidate for the
' t.w. ,.r .,..,. ....(,.
1HMI1 tll.lt n ii tii rin-T i , rrin rt LI ,
siJ.ject to the hi linn of the demo
era tie party at the primary el-vtio:i
'to be held September In, IMS. 1
feel grateful to my many suporte-s
and feel competent to administer
office without far or favi.r. I solicit
the support ;,f aii tne good mm i ml
women interested in the cause o. stif- t
li age.
NKLLIK A. HAYW.Mtn.
FOR CONS i tLt
i utreiiy aiinoum o myeii as a ."
oiuaie lor tne nominaiinn ior me !
lice oi constaoie lor Lowell precinct
.No. suijj';ct to Hie v. in oi tne viieia
at ne uemocrailc i.nmary to uo ueiu
i oa Seuleiiiiier i". uia.
j'j JUii.N (JACK) HYA.N.
I t-UK LUiNo I ALLt
I t nereuy announce myaeu us a can
luiaaie lur Uie nomination ior tue oi-
nee ot cousmoie lor uoweit precinct
!.so. j, suoject to tne win ol inu voters
tue ueiiiouratic piuiiary io do ueiu
'oa aepteuiuer u, iJU
jiOU Dr-.N-MS KUCllfc
1
rOK CONSTABLE
l nereuy announce uiysen as a can
aiuale lor tne nomination as constable
tor tne Loweil l'reciact, .No. i. Sub
ject to toe action ot tne Democratic
voters ot mat precinct lu tue primaries
on sepiemiier lutn. j
itiT li. U. UOHMFALK. !
I-UK CONSTACl-E i
l nereuj- announce myse.ii as a can-
diuate lor tue nomination ior tne or j
lice ot constable lor Lon eU l'rec.ncl j
ro. 3, suLject to tie will ol the voters i
at tne Democratic primary to be lild
Ion September 10, VJ1&.
'ZOO JAilES BA.r
VAKIL
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce myseu as a can
dltiate for the nomination ar Coustauie
for the Lowell Frecinc No. 3. out
ject to the action of tne Democratic
voters ot that precinct in the primaries
on September iota.
207 GKO. D. CHOWLKY.
1
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce niyseir as a can
didate for the nomination as constable
for the liisbee precinct. No. 2. Sub
ject to the action of tue democratic
voters of tbat precinct in the prima
ries on September 10.
60 A. E. SHEPPAr.1).
! FOR JUSTICE OF PEACE
I I hereby announce myseir as a can-!
uidate for the nomination as justice ot
the peace, for the Lowell precinct, No:
3. Subjeet to the action of the demo
cratic voters ot that precinct in the 1
t : .... I . liiti, true 1
Jil ICS UU OCLCllllJCI AUtll, IJXO. I
714
CEC. R. SMITH.
FOR JUSTICE OF PEACE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as Justice of
the Peace, for the Lowell Precinct, No
3 Subject to the uction of the Demo
cratic voters of that precinct iu the
primaries on September lOtli.
J. L. WINTERS.
FOR JUSTICE OF THE PEACE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as justice of
the peace, for the Lowell precinct. No.
3. Subject to the action of th-j demo
cratic voters' of that precinct in the
primaries on September 10th. 191S.
822 J. B. HODGES.
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as constable
for the Hisbee precinct. No. 2, sub
ject to the action of the democratic
voters of that precinct in the primar
ies September 10, 1918.
411 BERT CLEMENT.
las Fired Water
Gill at cur store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.'
Improvement Co.
FOR JUSTICE OF PEACE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as justice of
the peace, for the liisliee precinct. No.
2. Subject to the action of the repub
lican voters of that precinct in the
primaries on September ID, 191S.
M. C. HIGH.
Shur-Fit
Suits, Skirts and Tailored
Dresses made to order. A
perfect fit guaranteed with
every garment we make.
Every 'fashionable effect
ail the newest desijms and
colorings in fabrics. It is the
quality that attracts and the
price that sells here.
Refitting Remodeling
FRUITMAN'S
Ladies' Tailor and Importer
Kughet Block, Bisbee Phone 74
(Opposite Central School)
C H. HOGAN
Office Below
' COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
Office Below '
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C. H. HOGAN
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In ,
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
Heater
' i i ;
i
i
'i : ' i f
IrS ; .i
III ijgi ;
JL
i
r THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, AUGUST 15, 1918.
SEVEN
I
'
i
t
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each issue, with a minimum charge of 23
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in next morning's
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Three ranch laborers, two'
teamsters, good wages. Warren !
ranch. 4'.'3
KUi; 1U ". M. C. A. sellout, i-"S
:igcica, auoai aui'J, nauio, coin
iucici.u ana jMigiueering couisc-m.
nam lor service. -.
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Experienced caamaermaij
at once. St. Elmo hotel. 4S5 ;
WANTED l ook and housekeeper for ;
Douglas. Must be thoroughly expe-
rienced and dependable. State ref-
erences. Good salary paid to right
f- ......... IT" .o-1 tt IjuviuU' 1
))',
- " " : . . , " Z
ft..;, . -id remaie rieip Warned
:.NMENT NEEDS 20.000
viLivS At Washington. Examina
tions everywhere iu August. Ex
perience unnecessary. Mea and wo
men desiring government positions
write tor free particulars to J. C.
Leonard, (lormer Civil Service Ex
aminer), 6.6 Keneis Bldg., Washing- ;
ton, U. C. . 'jo
GOVERNMENT WILL HOLD CIVIL j
SERVICE EXAMINATIONS In,
, August: 20,000 clerks to be appoint
ed at Washington. Experieuo; uii-;
necessary. Men and women uesL'- j
ing government cierKsnips write ior
tree particulars to R E. Terry,
mer Civa
Service Examiner;, 315
ColuinDian
D. C. .
building,
Washington
466
Positions Wanted
W NTLD A T. r.rown wants work I FOR SALE One CiiCTioiet car, one
at house cleaning, porter work, i 1918 Ford tonring car in goad condi-Phone-
634. 51? '! l'on, cheap. E. Sulger, Bakersviiie,
i I three blocKs east of Standard Laun
WANTED By boy 16 years of age, a j
place to work alter scnool or in the ;
eveninr. Address Box 1653. 494 :
WANTED Work by hour or day and
. washing to take home. Phone 274.
!- 433
WANTED Working nurse wants en
gagements. ; Box 1S09, or call 136
Onera Drive. . 4S-1
'I
WANTED Position
by
experienced
chambermaid with relereuce.
mug I
46.' !
Black 852 after 6 o'clock.
For Sale
t'Uli SALii. lioise anu two wagousi
ui a real Dargam. Call at cciery v ig j
liouung comp-my plant uormeny j
iiisuee i'iuiieer botla works), 'lomo-,-siuue
canyon. a.- i
FOR SALE improved rancu 01 twen
ty acres uaaer tour wire ience,
litleen acres uas Dccu cuuivaccu
tnree room irame nouse, garage ana
ouicr outiiuiidings, two good wens,
cue gas engine aau one uaoia pump,
rarming utensils, twelve oeauug
iruit uees and one Jersey cow adu
cozen chickens. Located cnchalf
mile east of OSDorn station. A small
casn payment and balance ou terms,
aee Gus Haigler. 562
FOR SALE Modern live room nouse
at Warren, together with three large
lots. Will give terms. Location tbe
oest, all fenced, good garage. Here
13 a snap. See owner, J. E. Bropny.
Phone 2s4, Lowell, Brophy btaDie.
S71
FOR SALE Luiiules ol old papers at
me Review office. Large bundles,
price 25c.
FOR SALE Crescent hotel sold cheap
if taken at once. Brewery avenue,
W ilbur McLean. 293
FOii SALE Furniture, bed, stoves, !
chairs, etc. Next door Standard !
laundrv, Bakersviiie. 495 j
I . I
FOR SALE Five room competely fur
nished house in Warren. E. B. Rid
er, C. Q. office. I'hone 320 after
8 p. m. 471
FOR SALE Rooming house, 17
rooms, best location in Douglas;
good lease. 934 G avenue. I'hone
121. 433
i FOR SALE-Several desirable build-
ing lots, near end of car line. In-1
quire G. H. Cobbe, Upper Tombstone
canyon. 547
FOR SALE The Baptist
(lawson hill will make
church 011
n ui. f.mfi'l 1
.. . 1
apartment house with very
i;itlt ft-'
pease. Building built of concrei'j
blocks. H. C. Cempton, pastor. Phone
829. 551
FETEY DINK Next Time
S X " f -Believe: meV Jz
- take: n" ( vjEP ) ( This s a Cegulap-1 TlT"
vHa r?' 1 I factorv f "bAii 1 "in
For Sale
FOR SALE
high cnair,
Refrigerator, piano,
thud s rocker, sheet
inasic, china painting outfit. 14
yuaiuy bill. Fnone 45 1. 4uU
FOR SALE 117 Ford, ill good shape.
Hjrdeiland garage. ii46 i
FOR SALE Nearly newCaloric fire-
; lesscooker. I'hone 6i6 Green. 6-3 !
FO it SALE Three lots in Wood can-1
oa. Apply W. A. Arthur, la War-!
ren hill. 448 !
FOR. SALE Hupmobile, 1917 model,
run only 4U00 miles. Owner leav
ing for army. R. 1L Belknap. Phone
453. 55o
FPU SALE Nice four room house
! and sleeping porch. Winter's supply
of wood, some furniture, also chick
en.s and raobits. liy owner,
Peterson, South Bisbee.
Walter
FOR SALE ltlS Model Maxwell, al
most new. Five passenger, Jaul).
512
FOR SALE 1U17 Model seven-passenger
Studebaker four, J450. 511
FOR SALE One Studebaker four,
seven passenger, 1917 model, almost
new, itioo. 513
FOR SALE Modern five room bunga
low, furnished or unfurnished. Cash
cr terms. Apply Box 508. 515
Uor-!FOa gALEOne 9H2 Axminster rug,
dresser, gas plate, kitchen cabinet.
109 School hill. 513
: FOR SALi: Canary birds,
j house, Naco road.
Holbrook
. 417
dry. -. 490
FOii SALE Four room house. For
particulars apply Mrs. L. S. Lodge.
YoungMood hill. 489
FOR SALE
Five room furnished house. Upper
Lowell, $650 cash, balance easy
terms. Apply to M. C. High.
jr Ive room uouse, completely iurmsucu
111 goou couauion. tanK bin, i'iw
casu, uaiaiice easy leima.
j Three room house, in good condition,
I Tombstone canyon. No hill to climb.
Price SHOO. J500 cash, balance easv
payments.
ignt room lurnisnea house, opuia
jiive. a snap, JIUO casn, uaiamie
easy payments.
Al'PLY TO M. C. HIGH
FOR SALE One three room nouse
with bath, lot 76. See Whitinen, Co
chise Row. 46S
FOR SALS Bundles o: old papers at
the Review office. Large" bundles,
price 25c.
FOR SALE Maxwell touring car, 1917
model, first class condition. Phone
Red 527. 509
FOR SALE Lumber house tent, can
vas top. Tank hill. Price $50. In
quire Mrs. John Jackson, 125 Quarry
canyon. J10
Miscellaneous
AMERICAN CAFE Has changed
hands and will put up good meals
at 35 cents and 40 cents. 519
BEAUTY PARLOR Shampooing,
manicuring, hair dressing, face mas
sage, scalp treatment. New Ar;
store. Phone 545. 521
7 ;
NN ILL PARTY who found bUck.s.lk
I-anisol with gold handle, in the ro
' just below depot Sunday, please re-
tarn to the Review? 487
CLAIRVOYANT READINGS Clair
voyant and card readings daily ex
cept Sunday. Mrs. E. M. Boyle, 17
Montana street, first street back ot
Lowell bakery, Johnson addition.
473
LiAR.N actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio engineer
ing. Young Men's Christian Asso-
, ciation, Los Angeles. Catalog free.
230
Mnnov tn I .nan
Money to Loan
J " -- i
,
si a 1 .1. n.itoir n-.onc .... -,.r .u,., :
1,,,,- K.i:.n.. mn u,m ,,,m,i m.
ao ou lurnuure. cox ioan Co. itoora j
z, Lyric uneaire Dunaing. ib !
t
Petey'U Wait for a "Knockdown'
cents,
paper.
For Rent
FOR KENT Three room house, '
screen porch and bath, Phone aUi'.j
U'iil give enipioyiiient for rent of ;
same. il l I
FOK RENT Three furnished house-j
keeping rooms. John Ceron, H ar- j
ren. No children. 52U ;
FOR RENT Two or four room furn
ished house, Johnson addition.
Phone 696 Green. 522
FOR RENT Large room, auitaole lor
one or two gentlemen. Running wa-
icr. Inquire Warren Drug Co. 136
FOR RENT Two we.i rurnishod i
rooms, large pantry, clothes closet, I
front and back porch, $25 iu ad-
vance. No children. Residence of j
U. M. Porter, 234 Mason car stop. !
710 !
FOR RENT Two unfurnished
nt.w
rooms, lights and water, $14. Geo.
Welch, upper Tombstone canyon.
5ull
;
FOR RENT Three room furnished
apartment, long sleeping porch, gas,
etc. Jones hill. Phone Green b'.iti.
ous
FOR RENT Three rooms unfurnish-j
ed; also nice uite furnished.
Standard Furniture company. 483 j
FOR RENT To housekeeping ;
rooms. 103 A Upper Lowell. 554 I
FOR RENT Batching
house, South Bisbee.
rooms,
tock ;
556 i
FOR RENT Two furnished front
rooms on the Vista in Warren. Suit-1
able for two gentlemen or couple as j
apartment or light housekeeping
. ' rooms. No children preferred. Call j er.tery, ; na:!:uia, (': social dist a :..
, 791 evenings. dn-tf367; measles, 9; nienineith. 0; se.tr
FOR RENT
Fair Annex,
ket.
Garage space next 1 j
Apply Johnson mar-560
FOR RENT Two unfurnished new Pueunionia. number ol cases, 46; dy.
rooms. lights and water, $14. Geo. I ';er' - ala ; sooal diseases,
Welch, Sims 'addition, upper Tomb-!?': measles, 3b; mer.111.u11s, 0; scar-
stone canyon.
501
1
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Nicely furnished room
Mrs. E. II. Smith,
Tombstone canyon.
Williams
FOR RENT Furnibhed room, private!
entrance, bath adjoining. Second 1
limine past side Ilosnital Ktoi). War-1
ren.
' - 1 I
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms.
216 Tombstone canyon, oppoiiiie
Anderson store. 4 IS
FOR KENT rurmsuea rooms at iuu
ttisDee noiei, Trim running waier.
MOOSE HOTEL t-umtsnea
tz.w per ween ana up.
rooms
nn
AN 1 ED Roomers and ooaraers.
Jiggerville. Mrs. Chas. R. Kirk.
83
iXl
Wanted
WANTED To buy, a tent and two
army folding cots. Phone 16S. 510
WAMTFn A threp. or four room fur-
T.lcV.a1 hnnu. P.ialwla nri.furrll
lllUUU IIUUV) i , .. 1 . , . .... . . .... ....
WANTED TO RENT Housekeeping I
room by gentleman, furnished or
unfurnished, prefer close in, running 1
water. Permanent. U. X.. Review. ;
54S j
WANTED Stenographer, rapid at 1
taking dictation and at typewriting. I virgin ir. - ( amp Lee, no.ir Peters
Address B, care Review. 229bui. Sick rate jut P OO, 19.5; .ueii-
moiiia. number of cas.es,' 4; dysentery,
ai 1 icn uiTinmii s ARBPSTPn 0: 11 a'a.i.i. 1: s.u-i-ll (iiseart . 212:
I
(Iiv Rcvifir Uasml Wlrf 1
AMSTERDAM, Aug. 14. Wholesale , 38.7. 1
arrests of allied, nationals have been; Aftfr r:i.d:::r; tiie above of-icial f is- j
mad? at Moscow according to d's-inre.-, the f'..sliiao atat. and t'U'uy
patches from that city vto thu Loka! ; Cciiy can't retrain firm f-'ivins three I
Anzeiger of Berlin. . r'Mi.ani; che"rs ior the iuediea; depart-!
! ment ot Ca?iip Cody ai.J a ti.,er ior.
CUTS OFF COMMISSIONS I
1
(Bv Review Leased Wiroi
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14 The war
department order cutting off voj'iraar
ily enlistment in the army pcndiiie ac
tion on thi new draft age proposals,
includes a prohibition on the issuance
of any commission in any branch of
1 the army that was not in prccess or
lue wnen tne oruer was sigr.eu ft. .-
ii.i 111, ..1 . . .
y in
p.li-!iL
I . lil 1 t jii-Rt-i iim-i. iiii.t v.i.-oi i.,.i.
aiis wit to ouestions, adding tiiat a
ration f!r R commission would not !'
regarded as entitling the applicant to j
exception from the order.
CAMP CODY HEALTH IS
FAR ABOVE THE
AVERAGE
SIAIIillCb KhUVL I MAT .iV.
MEXICO CAM? HAG LOW tiiCK
RATE AND HEW NON-EF i- t-'J
TIVES WHILE MANY OTilEP
CAMPS ARE RATHER HIGH
Thie lum:;:-; in the editor's office
; of Ca:: p Co.lv Trenr.i and mini.
,printtd copy of an cllie.,-l rcpon is-l
slKd t,y UlL. indua: dej,ai uneiu ol
l;;e Lnilld Staus aimy, and iu order
tilat Uie a0kliL.rs OI camp Couy and j
the "lolks back hone' may know oi j
health conditions, north, souin, cast
and wst, the cuitor has selected uig I
camps in the states o? Mussachust :ts.
New York, Michigan, Iowa, Washing
ton, Caliiornia, New Mexico, Te,as,
Ktntucky, Honda ai:d Yi.ginia, and
! lki s tireal pie;..;ure in reprinting t ie
olii.iai figures v.hich speak lor tiiein
sel Cs
li. juniJiii, in the northeastern or-
j nir of the Lnited States, we will swing
. estei ly around the circle:
j Massachusetts Camp Devon, near
Aycr. til. k rate per loo, 37.1; Nj.
cas?s of iii'eu noma. l-: dysenttry. o:
I.
. 1
::1
:"s. IS; iriiiiinrntis, 1; seariet lever, 2;
r.ou eilecuve nie.i per lOi'O. 42.8.
New York Camp Upton, Lo,;g Is
land. Sick rate per 100, 25.9; pneii
mcnia, number of cast-s, 9; dysentery
0; malaria, 0; social diseases, 217;
measles, 5; ineiihiK.tis, 0; scsrl
er. ti; noi.-eilective men per
41.7.
el 11
3 Ji; .
Michigjn & Iowa
Michk-an Camp Custer, nonr
tie c reek, ick rate per lU'iO,
pneumonia, number. o? cases, :;.s;
ll:U-
:;t
dys-
let fever, 9; lion-efleCti
mei, nor
lOi'O, ?,i.i.
lows C.aep Dod.ue. near I)us
Moines. S.'ck raiv! per lotto, ;;6..;
l2t- lever, t; nor.-eneciive men per
1000. 84.
Washington (amp Lewis, near Se
attle. Sick rate per l'H'U, 37; pm-a-monia,
n.imber of eases, 9; dysuiteiy,
1. ... . i.: ...wl-.i .ll-t...
8t5,p,1 j measles, 9; iuenin-ltis, 1; scarlet !e
5l 1 ver, 16; non-el'ftctie meu per ltfuJ,
37.
Call...
I'-'.i 1.1..
rni.i Ci-inp Kearny, near S:ni
;'i k rate per l-i.'O, 6; pr.e i
;;; dysentery 0; inalari.i, 1;
1111 11141,
.'i;ci:tl ilh.tase. 12: .nioasL'U. 3: ni' ri-1
ingitis, 1; scarlet fever, 1; non-eii..-ei-ive
rate p; r piCo, 35.5.
New Mexii-o Caniij Cody, near Drill
ing. Sict rr.te j.e.- hw. j.9 iibuuiuoaia,
! ; dyjenlery, u; malaria, 0; social
disease, 6; measles, 0; Meningitis, 0;
scar.et fever, u; none-eileetivo men
per 1000, 23.6.
Texas Camp Trais. near San An
tonio. Sick rale per l"0ii, 60; piiuii
monia, 1G; dysentery, 0, mi'laria, 4;
social disease, 171; mealies. 5; menin
gitis, 0 starlet fever, 1; Ujiv Hc'cUve
I late per lOoO, 55.1.
J Lour,3iana Rate High
j Ltuisiav.i Camp Beauregard, near
I Aiexandiia. Sick rais per li'OO, .-.S.7;
I piKumoniu, number of cases, i; dys
entery, 0; malaria, 13; social disease,
2S; nuasies, 0; meniiigiiies, 0; sear-
llHUS.Cfc,
1 .
non-el.'ective rate per
Florida Camp Johnston, near Jack
f cuvijc. Si. k late per ion, 27.6; pueii
monia. numuer of cas. s.lo; dysentery,
; malaria, 2; soci.il disease, 67;
me ash
ver, C
-7.3.
, 13; meningitis, 3; scarlet te
non tlfactive rate per 1000,
measles, 2.0 ; n .iir:Ki'js, i'-.- s-ar!n le-!
ver, 0;' non-effective rate per I'toO, '
the climatic and hi aUh conditions that
prevail here.
KING FOR FINLAND
(l:
A "v l.i ... i: W'l.ft
Ace. 1 I -A dis'atcli t.)
e T. h graj!i from The
I.'
tin
!::.t
han
llaeue, says the Frankfort Xeitung's
S'o: hholni c(.rrespoiident aiiuouiit 's
that the el'-clii.n of a uing of J-'iuatid
I has been iixed for September and that j
is (irolubh' eitluT trie uraml duke
of .ui .-lai utiurg or Prince
Wil
:,.u or;
1 be I
lie iienzollcrn-SikmarinLii
chosen.
w ii
'WIDOWS AWARDED ALL
MINIIIG CLAIMS
OF POWERS
SUPERIOR COURT OF GHAHAiVi
COUNi" DiVtSTS SLAYER j Or
Oi-FICtRS OF THUS VALOrtiLc
PROPERTIES IN E2HALH Or
WIOC'A'5 Or iiEN THE iULl-LJ
'Oi.l A.
I' c.lt.! c l !
l.i ' ili.e.
i in-i ll i .!i
, 1.
Ill tilO
I. .i.i
l.r
( I..'!
CO . ill"' HI-
..Htm i .niiiiy
lltH'.i, lilfilll .!K 1 ill''. I llll. 1' Ol:'I-1
III Ma!'. Ill h'.hiell-ll 1IIMI D. put r-.ll "1"- I
111 Ki.il-.: Xttiolan ilo ;e kuKd b i
,!l hii i-'id iii.n i' .r..'t '10:11 j.r.j-
soi.s v.hi'ii li:Cy uii ...;i i .1 iu .m.'U
.lie .a. .is or., .'t is. -.vi re ;. i u
j 'jii. li t .it a..,.i.n.t 11. c l'o.viis hos. .
liic "iiree widows were siai.g tor j
au:u.i.:es a-, taiiows; .Mrs. Meiiriue, !
;.'i',,i,v.(.', Mi.-. Ktmpton, fn.iiuj ana.
in .. Woo.i-a, ..'.-. W!;. .: run :
rtiirt d in oiil.r to 1 . 1 :.': 1 ti'. propert ;
it v. as :ie:e.-..-.. r ... li'e a cj.sn vum ;
ii: an umoiiut cloni;!,,.. the aiiionnt sued j
ior. .'.irs. K."ilio:i was the only one
1 tr.e win v.-, iinaiii :ai,y ai):e 10 tnano
1)10 t iini. .11.. I u.'t heii'g aMo to make
.1 l,C..d o l'j'),l,.. till;
unci u uer c 111 to 1
L..:id :.r lO.iivii.
) voluntarily
iniv r -'
i .";-u an
l !. ie w..s no ..piu-araii! e on t.u
j.arj of ;ho lit itii 'o i'i coart. co.i..c-.
q.i. n;iy j;ul..-.i;;ciit was r-i:uerel.
A 1 1 ; : 1; ; t, E. L. Spring .1 and Lee;
S.ratica re;;. es nte.i tlie pluintif'.s.
It is estimated that the powers' lain-!
ii:g";ir..iei ty i:t iae Gii i.iro ino' .itai.i !,
tie -scene ef t'.e fl.o.iiui, is vorth;
;l-.e.e.". it is i.jiu i'l.i'. i!iw -''-niir:
i'o e.s. win) whs Ki:!. d in '.he bi-Uic
v.itn the sliiil'.; ioree, ;'.nd l ie two
io.crs i,o v. ere, s tio lime ao, of
fered uloO.t'"'." for tlic property and;
t'.ie only uas:,:i v, hy the deal was i . l j
.:iad-. , it ir. said, wi.s h.-cr.use t!:e pr'U-1
p. .:li.0 bnyer v.oiKii :.it take tno j
i.:o;:ey 11,1 to tile c.it'in in -he hiiis ,
a. id cout.t i. :''' in doifirs and caiita.
J !.n ami T 111 powors. the two de-1
i"r.ii.u.;s ill the a e, on.i a oac-lnar. !i
Uit.-ie-t in the propt rty. The bamn-e
of the estate beloims to Jet : pow .n. I
iathet of ihc Iao buys, who was killed 1
in tl.o liKiit. 1
KARLSr.UME iS EOMuARDED
(I! K.-vi. v.- l..-.-i-.d Wirv)
Gi.NEVA. An;.:. 1 1. I letuiis reeeied
h. '.rc- tun it: in : the iv.. iit Lraish .icr-
i. i I t ml.at.i.ii nt of Karlisrul.e say that
,:.i! neru.! 1 1: j.: itnei of t"e .--tatioii way
t'liiunr.- da.-:-.. ,1 d as ai-.o was thj
;ii .:i', j.iv there v.. s ;., heavy t :i-
;i-;:i. One bom '3 ixjilodcj on tli'
uii;rr ef the j.a!:i:t 1..' ti... tliund Dueh
: ;,s Sji'iiie, l.illinn or injuring several
visitors and t-i . ai.ts. A second bo:.iu
ie 1 iie;:r a c.i:.: on factory. A third
Comb smashed the w'indos of the piiu.
cipal chinch -,f the city. The chureii
a, fill'-d wi.U worsuipiiers, who fled
in panic. Many perrons were injured.
The Germans adr.iit that i 1 jiersons
were l.il! (1 a--.d 26 injured.
FiNC WSUEMAMNE
NEW YORK, A'i2. 11 Careml :
search of the banks of the Gowauus i
canal in Brooklyn tov.fcht by'fetlerall
ollicers and police failed to reveal!
the presence of a submarine knoc.ied
down and boxed as reported carlier
in the day. They did tind. hmvjveiv
nearly 5oo boxed automobiles and ',
quantities of packed machinery.
United States Marshal Power, who di- j
reeled the search, said the material
had been consigned to tbe late imper- j
ial government of Russia. i
-
1
. ',.., ; .r '- 1 , ." It--. : J 1
' !!'' ': Vis. T -'r-tii ! !... 3 I
' yA'-ifS' ' V' :,t1-.:;":,;,i-.
" ? ."!',.,- v.. ?.ir A:;:'"', ill 1 ;
i :..:'-.:: ' i-r;; O v'- - i:,'Vr;:;4 i
.:':,': .'' i 44 j' "ft'y.liy
j ; i:'''.:a.:'.:.. . " L-.-'. V i.'.'i.;!::
M ARIN ELLO
f - i; ' 1 r 11:1 n .-IiLt .- . ; ,r. -. - ti 1
1. r.uo J .: I
..llrr,' .1
I vt IB UoO
ft
, , ..
; 'V nello Shop, Tel 305
:t
, a.; V:'".'i .
1
I
llil!'-'" I .
!.;; vi
trowing c!J ' -
... I
1
1
.v s n r,.-.T M..J 1
Man- J I
il&rH W Ivy
LODGE
i'ai.!.; df e
iat.; t:i
i;at iier::ig
fraternal ord'T in the Warren district; giving the essential
their niceii.ij: li'.ils, tiieir olficers iiiid the place of
ie lauad uiulT tiler respective headings in these odiums
t.- ill
BIS5EE LODGE NO. 718.
J U. U.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DHTAOiMAGGHT
l O. L. NO. 210.
ciee.s in I. O.
O. F. Kail first
and third
MONDAY at
7::'.0 p. m.
Visiting broth
cri cordially
ii.vi'id to at
tend. M. T, SMiV.tAN. W. M.
HOUEiCT FEUC-VS, Secretary
P. O. Pox 42(1, IUsbee.
BISEEE LODC
NO
10, I
O. O. F.
. -
meets
every
T ii u r s d a y
evening at Odd
iiiijws' Hall
suoAay street, at 1
brothers cordially
.'! J o'clock. Visit in
invited to attend.
iiall phone 119.
G. A. PLUXKI-.TT. N. G.
LEoTEl: EL M ACE, Sec'y
PY-.AN SliTERS
Lily Temple No. j meets every 2nd
and toui'Ui il '.irsuay eieniiit; of each
mouth at Odd Follows ii..il. Visumg
Msters are tx-r.lially luvt.ed.
MlA'.ME BLUM, M. E. C.
I'liune Llack $51.
IDA GLAZE, of R. C.
Box 1475
JuNiOK OnUK UNITED AMER
ICAN MECHANICS
Arizona Council, No. 2
Meet.-, in i. O. O. F. h.ili First ami
Third Saturdays. Visiting brothers
welcome.
ROY E. SMITH. Councilor.
P. M. WILLIAMS, Kec. Sec y.
P. O. l.ux 1076.
NOTICE F03 PUBLICATION
Department of the Intoricr
' U. S. Lun i Oil'ice at Phoenix, Ariz ,
I June 22. l.'IS.
Notice is 1: :rei.y rjven that Charles
Ler Simixon, of Koceo, Grut tc.'.iuy,
New .!jx:c , -. ho, on .May 2.', l'.l,
made Home bad Entry, No. i;;;'j712.
.for NV "i ';. SV.' ', Nh U. K's
:NW U', Section 31, Toaii.1.;; 16 S,
! Range 32 E, G. & S. P.. Mernlian, has
: filed notice of intention to make Ihrie
1 year proof, to establish claim to the
land above described, before Henry C.
: Beamier, United States Commission', r,
. at Douglas. Arizona, ca the loth day ot
i September, 191S.
j Claimant names as witnesses:
I David C. Panda, ot Rodeo. New
I Mexico.
William C. Hale, of Douglas, Ari
zona.
James Houston, of Douglas, Arizona.
: Robert L. Ileirell, of RodeJ, New
i Mexico.
! J. L. IRVI.V.
' 430 Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
S. Land Office at Phoenix, Aliz..
j June 22. 191S.
) Notice is hereby given that Bernieo
(lu'incv fori.ierlv BerTiice M. Davis, of
i'1 - Jiit.v loinieiij tci;i.vu- ..i.
Hereford, Arizona, who, on March 26,
i:U3. made Homestead Entry , No.
o2707J. for South Half (S i- Soetio.i
10, To.vnship 21 S, Raiue 22 E. G. ci
S. R. B. Meridian, has tiled notice m
intention to make Thr.'e Yc.:r Proof,
intention to
to rsiablish
ake Th.-'t! U,:r Proof,
ai.il to tne haul tmnf
jre Henry C. le an. ler.
described. I t
L'. S. Ceuiiui
zona, 0:1 the
ill IS.
Claimant 11
Frank C. (
at Doir
y i,f St
In
Ari
:bf r.
1 1
tel.
a; v. I'uesst :
.ii.i.
Ar.gtis Gill.s.
Chailes Martin
Wiiliani Ryan,
zona.
all of Hereford. Ari-
JOHN L. IRVIN.
Register.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furni'ih you an estimate
on that job en slort notice
''i, t . Pi V
. hi I
. - 1 ;i '. rj iv 1
Vt'iv-v-- "'-:r:f. - -o tlutl
I . . '. 'Jy i.y i.ivn. ...
tliciaior.
' KAV !:UhJ-
1
NOTICES
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS
-V.ir j Meet. In Medigovich
Vr-- S'fl V Willi Plfpv TmtlI;lW
u?tvi r: ::: r:.
V? J uigni." isuias croiuers
vlil-Hw.htme.
1 r.NTON,
LLNTON,
Councillor.
Recording Secretary.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Ratiibone Lodge No. 10
Knights of Pythias,
aieets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invitftd.
It'
T
3'.V-:?
II. 1:.
W. V.
WOOTON. C. C
McCALLUM, K. of R. S.
LODGE .'JO.
Regular nieetins first and third Fri
day of tuj raoiuh. Visiting brothers
cordial!;- invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUR
ITY, EIS3EE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays In the moiuh at I. O. O. F.
Hail. 7::,o p. m. Visiting members are
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SC'ir.UD. Freiderf..
P. O. Pox 34.-3, Lowell. Aril
' ' FREDERICK J. ATTAU'AY. 1
Secretary. Lowell.
E. LINDQUI3T, Financial Secretary.
P. O. Box 2246, Lowell
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
-y- . Lo eil Camp No. 45 will
meet every ednesday
at 7:30, Brophy Hall.
11. C. LANDAU, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
liViiVi
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
meets in Masonic Hall
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meet
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday ot eacii
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43, Bisbee
MRS. JESSIE BE VAN, See'y. P. O.
I Box 22lO, Chairman Relief Com.,
I'hone 161.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Ilisliee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E., meets
first and third TUESDAYS. S p. iu.
Eagles Hall. Visitors cordially wel
come. J. F. 'WILMOTH. Presdent.
F. C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
C. L. EDMUNDSON, Aerie Physician.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
Bisbee Lodire No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vich HalL Visit-
f
1 h-itf'WJ
I
inir mombtTS cordially
invittd.
B. F. MOSS. ITesideuL
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
l.ONORA MUNCH, oocrtlary.
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
WEEK ENDING AUGUST 17, ISIS
Moudaj
Tuesday 2nd Degree.
Wednesdav
T!-.urs.la
Friday
Satunlar
w. w. (nni.KY, w. M.
P.. T. W ATKINS, Secv, V. &. A. M.
J. W. TOLAND, E. H. P.
C. F. PH1L1 KOOK. T. I. M.
I". E. BENNi.TT. E. C.
U. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Coininandi-ry.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Co ir.cil.
By C. A. V01GHT
. M-1W
ARE 00
"nio Top' 1
i 1 :. . n f 1 1 ' .... f' '
' - -v.
4 ?
,,.u ri
-1 I
i V r
7 firlifc
1 .
. 1 .v-r-.
t N. . EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, AUGUST 15, 1918.
City Briefs
Has anyone visited yon? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
The Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Kditor, phone 39.
.
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS.
V. F. Maloue, L. H. Sayer, Dan Sul
livan, Refugio V .l)e Rivera.
MRS. ELDER.
Mrs. J. S. Elder will please call at
105 Jiggerville for the Red Cross piecs.
The number was C7.
RETURNS FROM DOUGLAS.
Mrs. E. E. Neyland of Warren re
turned Tuesday from Douglas where
she has been visiting Mrs. V. G. Mc
Donald for a few days.
IS ON VACATION.
S. M. Dearborn of the Copper Queen
general offices is on his vacation. Mr.
Dearborn will speil his time on
ranch in the Sulphur Springs valley.
RETURNS TO WORK.
Michael Sullivan of Xaco road, min
er at the Czar, has returned to work
after being off for some time owing to
a broken shoulder which he receive,
while working.
RECEIVES SLIGHT INJURY.
J. H. Atchison, miner at the Gard
ner, was slightly injured yesterday
below his left eye, with a pick. Mr.
Atchison will not be able to return
to work for a few days.
HERE FROM CANANEA.
Mr. and Mrs. Raymond L. Hawes
are in the city from Cananea. Mr.
Hawes is connected with the Denio-
crata Mining company. He will be
here for a few days on business.
RETURN FROM CALIFORNIA.
Mr. and Mrs. V. C. Jones, old timers
of Bisbee, have returned from Califor
nia, where they have been visiting
friends for some time. Mr. Jones is
employed at Tovera's meat market.
LEAVE FOR OKLAHOMA.
Mr. and Mrs. Pierce Blunt of Tomb
stone canyon, will leave today for Ok
lahoma. Mr. Blunt is leaving, in order
that he might visit his parents before
being called for service as he expects
to be soon.
ARE ON VISIT.
Eugene Stevens of Tombstone can
yon, and children, Nina and Wilmar,
left yesterday for San Antonio, Texas.
Mr. Stevens is taking the children
there to visit their grandmother for a
month.
IS ON VACATION.
Miss Pauline Rugraff of the office
force of the Phelps Dodge store at
Lowell, is on her vacation. Miss Rug
raff will spend a few days at the
mountains before returning to her
work.
HERE VISITING SISTER.
Mr. and Mrs. Salveson and their
daughter Ruth are here from New
Mexico visiting Mrs. S. A. Titus of
School hill. Mrs. Titus is a lister to
Mrs. Salveson. The children of Mr.
and Mrs. Titus also have returned aft
er spending a few weeks visiting their
aunt.
IS OPERATED ON.
The many friends of Mrs. C. W. Bos
well of Warren, will regret to hear
that she was taken to the Copper
Queen hospital Tuesday suffering
from an attack of appendicitis. Sirs.
Boswell was operated on yesterday
morning and it was stated last night
that she was getting along nicely.
CANDIDATE FOR JUDGE.
John K. Ross, county attorney, was
over from Tombstone yesterday. He
also went to Douglas where he attend
ed to some criminal cases in the jus
tices' courts. Mr. Ross was in Doug
las to meet the voters and to further
his candidacy for judge of the superior
court. He reached Bisbee late yester
day and spent several hours here.
HERE FROM PHOENIX.
Walter Brawer arrived here Tues
day from Phoenix with Senator Sutter,
after making a campaign trip through
Maricopa county. Mr. Brawer will re
main in the city for a few days to as
sist in the organization work for Sen
ator Sutter, who expects to commence
his work throughout the state in a Tew
days.
COPPER QUEEN GUESTS.
R. J. Connors, Flagstaff;
V. H.
TODAY LYRIC T
JACOBS PHOTOPLAYS CO. PRESENT
JANE GRAY
IN
Her Fighting Chance"
ALBERT E. SMITH F RESENTS HEDDA NOVA AND
"THE WOMAN IN THE WEB"
Epuode No. 4, "THE CLUTCH OF TERROR," in Two Parts
W. H. PRODUCTION'S MACK SENNETT KEYSTONE COMEDIES PRESENT
. "A Polished Villain"
li:
Balcony 5c Main Floor lGc Reserved Seats 20c
Cliilds. Douglas; E. A. Pown. Phoenix;
Mr. and Mrs. Raymond Hawes, I'an-,
j mica; Miss Maud Mavius. Cananea; :
Martin Connor. Cananea; Frank ;
Sweersort, Kl Paso; Mrs. 1'. R. Wil-i
liams and daughter, Los Angeles; C.
! V. McPhaelin, Cananea; Kick Wilder. 1
C. K. Carter. Ijs Angeles ; S. R. ltosol-1
berg. Los Angeles; O. E. Tuft, I'lioe-.
nix: Ernest McCaully, El I'aso.
WERE MARRIED TUESDAY.
A wedding which took place Satur
day night at the P.aptist church was
that of Mrs. Anna Williams ami L. M.
Marlon. The bride was formerly of
Dallas, Texas, and came to this cily
six months ago. Mr. Iiarton is an en
gineer on Sacramento hill. Moth bride
and groom are well known here and
have a large circle of friends who will
extend them their goijd wishes.
LEAVES FOR WASHINGTON.
Tom Eagan. former secretary of the
Warren District Commercial club for
the past year, left yesterday afternoon
for Washington to report for duty in
the American engineers. Mr. Eagan
received orders last week to be pre
pared to be culled any time soon. He
spent some time yesterday with
friends before leaving and all wished
him the best of success. He is succeed
ed at the commercial club by it D.
Ross, formerly of the Review.
NATURALIZATION.
Secretary E. A. Putnam of the Y. M.
C. A. announces that the second ses
sion of the naturalization class being
conducted by Flynn will be held this
afternoon at 2 o'clock in the lounge
room at the association. Another class
is scheduled for 7 tonight. Everyone
who has registered for the examina
tion at Tombstone September 11 to se
secure second papers should attend
this free class conducted under the
auspices of the Warren district Y as
invaluable aid will be rendered those
desirous of becoming citizens of the
United States.
SGT. E. MILLER ENTERTAINED.
Sgt. E. Miller, Company L. 35th In
fantry, one of the most popular mem
bers of that organization among civil
ians of the district, was the guest of
honor at two social affairs this week.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Jewell of War
ren, entertained Monday evening for
him. He also was the honor guest nt
a dinner given Tuesday evening by
Miss Myrtle Jensen, at which covers
were laid for eight. The table was
prettily decorated with the national
colors. Sergeant Miller expects to
leave here soon with Company L for
the mobilization camp.
BOND SALE ORDERED
BY SUPERVISORS
SEPTEMBER 11
CLERK KARGER INSTRUCTED TO
ADVERTISE REMAINDER OF
$1,000,000 ISSUE FOR SALE IN OR
DER TO COMPLETE ROAD WORK
BETWEEN HERE AND DOUGLAS
A.t f meeting of the board of super
visors held this week. Clerk A. C.
Karser was instructed to arnrertJs, for
the sale cf the last half of the $1,000.
000 highway improvement bonON, the
first bloc k of $5o0.0i0 having been seld
some time ago to Cochise county intcr-
,est.
It is understood that owing to the
condition of the eastern markets due
to the war, if the bonds are not sold
at present, that sale cannot be effect
ed until after the war. It is also un
derstood buyers have been found who
will take the bonds at present and
September 11 has been set as the date
of the sale, when the advertising will
have been completed.
With the sale of the last $500,000
of Cochisp county highway improve
ment bonds the money will be avail
able for tte work as mapped out by
the highway cojnmission. Bids will
be opened on September 14 for the let
ting of additional contracts on work
between Douglas and Bisbee and
Tombstone and Benson.
DAMAGE IN FRANKFORT
(TIv Tevi-x Ijmik-vI Wlrpl
AMSTERDAM, Aug. 14. A dispatch
from Frankford says, that despite the
timely alarm given, several persons
were killed and material damage was
done, especially in the streets of
Frankfort, during the British raid of I
Monday.
CONTINUOUS: 1 to 11
IN SIX ACTS
IN TWO PARTS
HEAT
BUST GET ALL LABOR
in
L
IT IS UP TO THE EMPLOYERS TO
MAKE CAREFUL SURVEY,
LEARN HOW MUCH UNSKILLED
LABOR THEY WILL NEED, THEN
NOTIFY GOVERNMENT AGENTS
Have you taken stock and made an
estimate on the amount of unskilled
labor that you will need in the near
future? If you haven't, and you are
an employer of skilled or unskilled
labor you had better get bu.y or you
are r.pt to find yourself with a lot
of work on your hands and nobody to
do it.
It's up to every employer of unskill
ed labor in Arizona, and this means
the ranchers as well as the industrial
establishments to get in touch with
the nearest office of the L'nited States
Employment service and find out
where he comes in on the war labcr
recruiting drive that is on now
throughout the United States.
Uncle Sam now runs the greatest
employment agency that the world
has ever seen. It is known as the
United States Employment service.
This organization is a branch of the
United States Department of Labor
and has taken the contract to supply
Uncle Sam with about 4,000.000 work
ers for war industries during the next
twelve months. The available suppl;;
of war workers in the United States
is to be apportioned among the war in
dustries of the country, by the em
ployment service.
If an employer wants workers he
must get them through the employ
ment service, provided his plant em
ploys 100 or more workers. Un
less all employers of workers, big
and small alike, notify the United
Slates Employment offices of their
needs for workers right now they prob
ably will find in the future that the
workers that they had figured on have
been sent to other parts of the country
to do war work.
As for the employe, he is urged not
to plan moving to a ' foreign" district
to do war work until he has sought
the advice of the nearest United
States Employment officials.
If he goes 'on his own hook" he
may find upon arriving at his destina
tion that the employment service
there has gotten another man for the
job he went after. He cannot be hired
at any lig plant in the United
States except through the government
employment service.
"The right man for the right job"
that's the motto cf the campaign to
fill the nation's needs for war wor.
If you want the . right man ask the
man at the employment service of
fice. If you want to know if you are
the right man ask the man at the em
ployment office. If the right men are
brought together at the right time
there will be small trouble in whip
ping the kaiser.
l'nited States Employment service
offices in Arizona are located at Phoe
nix, FlagstaTf, Tucson, Yuma. Pres
cott, Glollb and Douglas. The ono
nearest to you will do.
WOULD EMPLOY PRISONERS
(Py Rovl'-w Ijt-nsnt Wire)
SIIREYEPORT, Ija.. Aug. 14 Em
ployment of interned alines and other
federal and war prisoners in the con
struction of good roads was urged in
the report of President John H. Itleerk
er, of Columbus, Ga., to the fifth an
nual convention of the Dixie Overland
Highway association. In the absence
of the president the report was read
by Dr. S. M. Johnson, of Rosell. X. M.
Bert K. Smith of Fort Worth. Tex.,
was chosen president and Fort Worth
was chosen as headquarters for the
coining year. Other officers elected
included Dr. S. M. Johnson. Roswell,
X. M.. and Ed Fletcher, San Die-o,
Cal.. vice-president.
SACRAMENTO UNION SOLD
(pty Ttevlew I.ised Wire)
SACTTAMFNTO. Cal.. Alls. 14.
Sale of the Sacramento Union to C. M.
Wooster. formerly of San Jose. Calif.,
was announced today by Lynn C.
Simpson and L. E. Hontz, owners and
publishers of the morning daily. Mr.
Wooster was at one time part owner
of the San Jose Mercury.
TfiDAY I
J. FRANK GLENDON in
R
DARING DEEDS OF
n n i
DESPERATE BAN
ARE OUTDOfiE
ERONK iVILLARD, FORMERLY C"
P-ISBEE, WRITTEN UP IN TRUE
NATURE STYLE EY CAN AN
. TONIO PAPER WHICH ESTAtJ- i
LISHES RECOnD FOR HIM j
Six "notches" on his -!5 crli'er Colt
is the record of Chatif. C. L. Miilard,
Squadron "F," Flying Departien',
Kelly Field, captain of the Kelly
Field swimming ua: and ailaiound
athlete. He personally, and unas
sisted, ended the careers of six mem
bers of the notorious Chavez gaag ol
Mexican border raid is. wh"n cn.ier
she: iff, for Harry Wheeler, ili.' Aii
zjn.i sheriif who deported the I. W.
W. strikers from Bisbee, Ariz. Willi
the same officer he hunted do-.vn i
gang of Arizona's most daring i. t
lcggers, in the famous Brewery Gulch
region, says a clipping from a San An
tonio paper.
Millard formerly lived in Bi.sl.ee.
The clipping contains some Interesting
information for 1 ,cal people.
His first encounter was w ith border
bandits when a brother of Chavez,
the Mexican raid chief, led a gang of
his guerilla fighters across the lira .
killed a number of women and chil
dren and returned, driving with h!"i
a herd " of valuable horses. Millard
trailed the Greasers 4nto Sonora and
to the "Copa de Oro" saloon. Get'ins
"the drop" on his man, he attempted
to hustle him through the swinging
doors. By a sudden intuition, he
turned just in time to prevent another
member of the gang from shooting
him through the back. The self-rescue
was quickly and satisfactorily ac
complished by one 45-ca'iber bullet.
Another pulled his revolver and nvt
the fate of his companion. In the
excitement, Millard's prisoner tried
to knife him, and came back across
the border line swinging lifeless
across the withers of Millard's pony.
The brother of the dead raider
heard of the capture, and wrote mill
iard a note, in which he announced
that Millard's life wasn't worth the
price of a bowl of chili con came.
Two weeks later the avenger and the
lad from Arizona met. Millr.rd Mill
carried a wound in his lefi sliouTctr,
but Chavez lies under the cactus, just
outside of Xogales.
"I just shoved the 45 under h's
chin and blew the top of h!s head
off," Millard is quoted ai having slid.
During the "cleaning-up of Brew
ery Gulch," famous hangout of "had
men" and painted ladies, the ho.ist of
Sheriff Harry Wheeler was that " bey
khew Millard well enough to fc;-r
him," and that "not a shot was fir-l
during the whole campaign."
In the Cave Creek district, near
Prescott, Arizona, is the Painted
Desert, famed for its miles and mlirs
of rocks carved with hieroglyphics of
an ancient race. Bootleggers trans
ported the contraband across the
desert on pack mules to caves and
"distributed" by automobile. Sheriff
Wheeler, now an officer in the United
States army, and Millard, did much
to remove the parasites. Millaul was
born in Arizona and attended th
University of California. He is a cham
pion swimmer.
ORE GABS DUPLICATE
FEAT PERFORMED
BYJRAIN
EART STICKS TO HIS POST OF
DUTY AND JUMPS ONLY WHEN
HE SEES IMPOSSIBILITY C7
BRINGING CARS TO STOP BE
FORE FINAL CRASH
Dashing madly downhill on the
steep grade in the rear of the Czar
shaft and the Iiisbee postoffice last
evening about 6 o'clock, two heavily
laden ore cars duplicated the feat re
cently preformed by a train when it
jumped the track between tjie office
of Hogan & Seed and the Imperial
building; the foremost car plowed
through the forms that had been put
in place to repair the damage done
previously to the Imperial building,
and lodged partially . within it. Al
though there were several narrow es
capes, none was injured.
Switchman C. (). Kart said the two
cars were "kicked off" at the Shat
tuck track and he attempted then to
set the brakes. For same reason they
failed to hold nd the cars began go
ing down the grade with increasing
rapidity despite Kart's frantic efforts
to set the brakes.
Finally, just as the cars were pac
ing the I'helps Dodge Klore, seeing
that he could not hope to stop them
and fearing they would jump the
track at the curve where the ore train
had gone off only a few days before,
the switchman jumped and begin to
yell. At least or.e or two peotb who
were on the track heard his cries and
the thunder of (he apprcaching cars
in time to jump from the t;ack.
Considerable additional d'a-nage wa
said last evening to have beae inflict
ed upon the Imp'-rial building, hi:; no
estimate of am uni v. as obtained. The
ore cars, having heavy steel bodies,
were little damaged, it was thought.
The noise of the runaway cars and
the outcries of the braktman quickly
attracted a crowd and a number of
people witnessed the final crush, it
was stated, while a crowd or nrveral
hundred people gathered in a short
time.
Ajo: The Hullion liar loohe very
promising. It Fhould deveien into tin i
excellent gold milling liropiisitl.in.
Tungsten and inolybdenuni have also
been found on this property. A mill
is to be installed in the lall
jjjj TODAY ONLY-
OH sis im m poorer
" I lie Soooiii
(From the Poem by Robert Service)
A Grippiac; Story of the Rough Primitive Life in the Wilds of an Alaskan Gold Camp,
Showing tle Lawlessness Which Prevailed in the Days When the Country Was Gold Mad
'A7
i ji
& AJrr.ission: Children, IQr.
command tboops
IN MANILA '
FORMER COMMANDER OF ARI-
ZONA DISTRICT ORDERED TO
PHILIPPINE ISLANDS TO WHICH
SOME PEOPLE ATTACH SPECIAL
SIGNIFICANCE AT THIS TIME
The w:ir de
u.-d a: ord-T
A. Cr n, fori:
arm ent last week is
iieui:i' General Henry
r!y commander of tIi-5
ArJarna district, to proceed to Manila,
Philippine i.-lands, to assume com-
v.iLf.ii of that depa"l:!rnt. Although
U'U.eral Gieene has been reducid Irom
iiie tank of major sem ral to bri ;a
Jic.V especial sini. icam e ir? attached
lo the i'lu'.ii'l.lnes a. the present time,
'jwinsr to the fact thai troops are to
be siit from there for Service in fti-be-ia.
lie order follows:
"!; direct ion of the president, Ur
;Ui"r C: i;er;:I Hairy A. Greene. ' j-iJie.l
ta' ; army, is relieved from his j.res- '
i nt d'ities Mid win proceed to Sa l ,
I;-i.'is.-o, l".l, .T'.d ta!;e ;lio :,:.-t
aai!.Ude transport to sail from 'hit1
pl-icc for the I'liiMppine islands, and
itpo'i arriving at Mr-niia will assume
:i -i t:i nf ii:e i'hiiippine d epai tin :it .
Tt'ileWfj: Cri ;:iili; r General Kobert K.
I.V;.'iS, l'nited Sia'ts army. retii- J. .
h: a'ier bei:i-4 thus relieved will pro- 1
i.ci 1 10 his home, and upon arrival !
' Uri-v roper, l:v telegraph to the ad-1
Int.mt jtcneral of the army. I'.rk'adi' r '.
Genera) K.mhs is relieved from active i
-Inly to take effect upon his arrival
at his home. The travel directed j
aectssarv in military service." i
CAPTAIN GOOD TELLS:
PUBLIC GO. L !
LIKES US !
ARMY OFFICER EXPRESSES PLEA- j
SURE OF MEMBERS OF COM-1
PANY AT HAVING BEEN!
THROWN IN CONTACT WITH f
PEOPLE OF THIS VICINITY I
Cnpt. I.. P. Good, commanding Co. 5,
Thirty-fifth inlantry. stationed near
Low-ill, has written the following Ut
ter addres'-ed to the citizens of the
Want ;i district, expressing the good
v ili of Hv coiniv.ay and its ilianks
tl:e rood treatment given it:
HeaU.iu iiu is, ir. ?. Troop.
Lo.veil, Ariz.. Aug. !,". IMS.
To the citizens of Iiisbee,
a:;d Wan en District:
In bi-half i f the members of the
Thirty ti ll, infantry. I desire to
e.,;:cs o-.ir appre iation for jo'ir
kind and tourteous treatment to
Us.
T.'tiay completes just one year
at oer present .station, luring llr.it
yer.r jon bav(, made n ; welcome
t j o:ir h'ipies and to all your
soci.il iTilhrin-s. Onr stay with
yo i ;; in-en indeed, a very pleat,
out ( r.i Vou have won a war.n
place in our hearts and I assure
you that when we leave your dis
trict, )i ur n. any kindnesses will
rot be forgotten.
I,. V. OOOD.
detain. "h Infantry, I'. S. A.,
commanding.
CASUALTY LIST
l i;v !..-
t s :
It -
WASIHNCTON. Aug
I hc army
cisualty lit fhow
Ktil.-d in action. II; died f w.umd
died of - id -rt and ot'er causes
1; wounded evcrciy. K; w.iunded. de
gree undetermined. If; m'ssim: in ac
twin. 1. Total. !M.
I ieat Fmory S Irw in. Denver. Coin
was wourded severely.
Business Locals
I.. 1.. liiln aa sel'.i, the New la'.lseu,
"the phonograph wi'h a soul."
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
ptsbeo-Torabstone, leaves Tdsbe
77 T7
4 ic ri
Continuous 1 to 11
METRO PRESENTS
IN
I oi yen
ALL THE LATEST EVENTS
AduUs, 15c
I Central
3 To&y Only Continuous:
VM. FOX
gg
j
9
L
E
WEEKLY
JEE
in a Drama of Alaskan Gold Fields,
61T
The Girl
OS?
Uiampagne iLyes
A Drama That Has Thrills of a New Sort and a Story
That Will Live in One's Memory.
JAiViES MONTGOMERY FLAGG'S
One cf the Girls You Know,
"THE GOOD SPORT"
Adriision, Children, 15c
rr ---TTTrmTH
I
Coming - EAGLE - Coming
i
Goldwytt
' presents
For Hie first time
on ike screen
the world's sicst
popular and dar
ing personality
I
Qarabn
J ML J
THAIS
Horn Ihe famous novel
Aiiavole France
Jhis Production Tells the Amazing
Story cf, the Saint Who Became a
Sinner and ihc Sinner Who Became
a:Saint,
THE MOST BRILLIANT AND SENSA
TIONAL PRODUCTION IN THE
RECENT HISTORY OF
MOTION PICTURES
"lVsaGoldivyn picture"
Itlsbee Auto Co.
Phone DUboe 6.
7 a. m.. 1:30 p
m. 7
Adv.
DANCE.
C .v A Hand liatice. Warren TarK.
Wednesday and Saturday. AdmmlN
slon ft) cent. Ladies freo. Ad.
Painter and I'urer Hirging
C. J. BRANDT
Box IZO
Thone
l'.eauiy parlor, slianipooing, hair
du-
ma n ii u ri n st. scalp treatment.
hi 4 IT7i
1 ZJJi
TODAY ONLY
RfloG
57
i
is
I
. Reserved Seats, 2Sc
Theater
6:45 to 11 Toc'ay Only
PRESENTS
CARMEN
ith the
"ST8
mm
9
1 i
ALSO-
dults, 25cj
Miiimniiiin iiTr
4 :
31
V. 5
t
facials. New Art store Phone ."t.V
MATERNITY HOVE.
( ail I'l.ick !"'i lor tnns. etc.
Adwriisemett 9T4
; Dr. Flayfutr, twteopath. ss Mao
j HU1, Mason car stop. Ptjon Bluo R4?
L Adr-231
J ' BISBEE SCHOOL Or MUSIC
j Private lessons given on the
' stringed and band instruments by rom
petcnt ins'ructors. Sati faction niar
, anteed. I hone r.:!.".
4"
K. M. l'.KOWV, Mrccto,
S' i: v..;
; a
. : i
; u- I