X
V
TWO SECTIONS
Sixteen Pages.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.,
VOL 23. No. 235.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING,. MARCH 10. 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
4m
i
x
TOR
1
ADO TAKES RUSS
TOLL IN
THEATER
OHIO;
FALLS
Three Towns Reported Wiped
Out By Storm; Many Kill
ed in Kentucky Town As
Theater Wall Collapses.'
PLAN
(By Review leased Wire)
LIMA. O., March 9. First reports
trickling !n over crippled wires lace
tcnivK indicated that at least ten pr
sons lost their lives early toniqht In
a torr.a-Je which swept over north
western Ohio, centering in Van Wert
rbunty on the Ohio-Indiana state line.
Unconfirmed reports say that Hoi-
n EAST
REVOLT;
WILL AID
Overthrow of Reds Sought;
Lenine Quits Fetrograd;
Lord Robert Cecil Tells of
Menace in Russia.
JAPS
(lit Review Leased Wire)
PEThOIRAD, March 9. The Prav
da organ of the Bolshevikl prints a
dispatch from I-kutsk, which says:
"The -.-president of the council of
ministers of revolutionary Russia.
Prince Lvoff. has constituted in the
far east s new Russian government
which at present kas-its seat at Pe
king an1 which is awaiting the land
JAPAN IS READY HER ARMIES ARE FIT, HER
NAVY IS PREPARED TO STRIKE FOR DEMOCRACY
were vfrtutliy wiped o,t by ttei n ' Japanese troopaat ladiv, astok;
vtorm. Pecauee of demorelized com
in order to entnr
III U I.l v TUI! rcmii r it. o : ir.if.-jo VK. j
l" ut-a.itu ut ui t" -. , , . x. , j ti-,..i. i I.
list or the ev !
tnt of the damage. Traction car
in. the storm district have not been
Tieard from since six o'clock, jut be
fore the tornado broke.
According to rreager reports fron
Van Wert, the en' ire Wells family o'
four were wiped out by the tornado
The death of the Wells family brings
the known dead in that vicinity to
six. a b;:bv havine been killed at I
ViiM.tnnint ' Further deaths nave i St
tsn reported between Middlepo-nt
and Convov. b"t taese reports can-1
not be confirmed.
Siberian territory
Tel ii-iphic communiftion between
ed. Th- ioviet of Vladivostok is mob
ilizing its forces for resistance and is
forming a "Red Army."
DESTROYS BUILDINGS.
LEN.NE QUITS CAPITAL
' (By Ror1w Leased Wire)
PETROORAD, March . A decree
signed by Prei:tier Lenine announces
the evacuation if the s;ate institutions
Petrozrad. The peoples commis
sioners are leaving today for Moscow
.. which U o be the new Russian capl-
j tal at least temporarily. The comma
?icner of educitioa. M. Lunacharsky,
will re.r.am in Fetrograd as the repre-
Buntttlvj t th pnrffrmnpnt and will
toralS, lIS'vnUniT of 'icial organs of the soviet
. h ,hn ,w,nv I Svestia nd Pravda wi'.I appear tomor-
miles lone swept through Van Wert I"0'
rounty at six o'clock tonitrht killinc
at least 2 nerpons. wreckine fann
hora.s and buildings and blowing;
dow-n telesrTaph and telephone wires
so that the loss and life and extent
for the last time in Petrograd.
1 Both will be published thereafter at
; Moscow.
The trograd papers confirm the
report of Leon Trotzlrv's resignation
' . in. .1 .. . : lit
. j us lore.u luiniHier. nin uuues vt in
'"Jul VUWV t - chernjn
Mrs. James Geyer of Harrison
township, died at a hospital in Vn
. Wert from injuries received when
' l.r was Wown awav. - '
Rex Iey. aeed 12. was killed at
TLMHH!rtrint Crverftl nenioTio in inr-
ed are being brought' to the Van Wert ern sia. urging Japanese intervention
URGES INTERVENTION
'(By Review Leased Wire)
L-nNlxJJf, M..-ch 9. DirecUng at
tention to the seriousness of the Ger
man menace in Siberia and in south-
ft J
SOQAUSTS HELD j
FOR DISLOYALTY i
herv
h .
1l V'- VyX)
13
1V
Above Japanese infantry in action
firing from trenches (left) and
storming an earthworks. Below
Japanese cruiser Idzumo, a typical
sea fighter. y
Whenever the word is riven in
Japan that the hour has struck for
the island orientals to take their full
part in the world war the Japs will
be found fit and anxious to make
their start at full speed. No delays
for preparation, armament, muni
tioning will be necessary.
Japan's war strength army num
bers a million and a half and there
are mre than 8,0O0,0rH) unorganized
potential soldiers in Nippon.
Negotiations with the allies are on
to determine what course Japan is
to pursue and whether or not her
army is to be aupnented ;y Ameri
can troops.
sr f ; v - t. 7T v i : . ta F .
:z..i -;v ? vi i
- n..,..V:...:::': r'livZlL
J- w.
(By Review Lfail Wire)
CHICAGO, March 9. Victor L.
eri;pr. coneressman rrom iscon
A lolpli Cornier national s'-cre-
tary or the h'oclalisi paity. Irwin
John Tucker, t ('!.ii?f:o soriiil
i-st. J. Ix;uis Knslail.l and Win. K
Kmse were Indlited by the 'ederal
?tiiTl jury today charged wi'h ob
Ktructins reiniiiln;. "iicontaalnp;
disloyalty and Inierferrhi'; with tne
piosecutirn of the war.
The indictments returned, but
withheld by District Attorney t'liue
'hftge 26 overt cases. It Is charzed j
tho7 Indicted conspired to violate )
the espionage act by speeches and j
articles printed in certain publica- t
tlcns.
Knsdall was form t editor of the j
Anerl-.n Socialist, official organ i
of the National Sc?ialist party, i
whicl was discontinued last Sep-
ter.iber after it had been deprived (
of its second class mailing provis- !
ion. At present he is editor and
owner of the "Eye Opener," a so- I
cialist publication issued in Chica-
gu, ii:ii iviauTte 19 nuiur ui mc
Vosng Peoples Socialist Magazine,
also published here.
Mr. Berger is a candidate for
nomination lor United States sena
tor fj'n Wisconsin on the Socialist
ilcVet.
Bolides public utterances, Berger
as ;di' r of me Milwaukee Leader,
j a socit'.llst newspaper, is alleged to
J ha teen responsible for articles
i appealing in ite publication which
i it is alleged kre in violation of the
ii espionage act.
HUN ATTACK
IS
BY BELGIANS
Fierce Fighting Starts at Day
break and Lasts Until Late
in Afternoon; Many Ger
mans Captured.
LV );,
r
s f.
s
War Summary
-1
Military operations must be un-l along the trans-Siberian railroad.,
dertaken in Siberia to guard vast The Japs seem the logical forces to
stores of supplies at Vladivostok and j mak? tiic move.
SLAYERSDOmOT SHOW FEAR
j (By Review Leaned Wire)
j While Nikolai Lenir, the Bolshevl-
kl premier, is binding every effort to
insure ranficatlon by the Russian con
gress. ti meet in Mosocw March four
teenth o' the peace trea'y signed with
the Central Powers, his colleagues in
in Bolshevik authority are dropplug
away from him or are being drop
ped by him. The latest to go is tne
man who by virtue of bis post ai
spokesman has been more in the puD
lie eye than Lenine himself Leoa
Trotsky, the commissioner of fina:
:lal affairs. Trotiky's resignation
announced at a Maximtlist meeting
in Petrograd. quickly followed" thai
of Ensign Krylenko, the Bolshevik)
commander-in-chief.
' Cossacks Organize
Meonwhile there are reports from
county hospital.
SEEK VICTIMS.
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
LIMA, O.. March 9. One iamily at
and insisting that the German people
' afford no hope of rising against their
'imperialistic masters. Lord Robert j
' Cecil, minister of blockade, pointed out j
In a statement to the Associated Press
Van Wert was wiped out wh-n t'aoir o siieauj uu
house was blown down bv the cycle. the Oormans in the east. Spread-
this evening and several hewes were nS a, lar map on the table. Lord
blown news tbe Pennsylvania rail- ... r' , '. . . , A
..i .,,r; t .nnn. tr, "Look at what Germany has already
the Ohio Electric ra'.'.way dispatchers'
office here, ('onditions we.-t of Van
Wert are critics 1. I
Farmers have started
iHADDVWKFFIFI) IQ
llrilUII IIULLLLU 10
out to hunt
victims in houses which were blown
down.
FOUR ARE KILLED.
(Pv Review Leased Wire)
FORT WAYNB. Ind.. March 9. Tht j
Pennsylvania dispatcher here was ic
done tnwirds a scheme of world con
quest. In the north sh? has taken rich
Baltic provinces over vhich she pur
poses to install a German prince. She
sent troni'S to Finland and concluded
an agreement which puts the whole
foreign policy it Finland at her dis
posal. These s;ps in the north have
practically cut off Russia from access
to the ssa.
Armenians Helpless
"Looki'.g further south we find that
GIVEN CAPTAINCY
Outlaws Await
Trial; Held in
Safford Jail
r T? Ta.mi1 Wifwtl V
safford, Ariz., March 9. joiri .War Department
Popular Sheriff of Cochise ,
. . , ! Po-vers, Tlwmas Powers and Thomas i
County Assigned to Duty, .is?on wno were c.ap(ured r?sterjay
With Cavalry Outfit NoW'DV c" American cavalry patrol e!ht
'miles south of the Mexican bordrr. I
Being Formed at Douglas
MARCH TELLS WHY
! NAMES WITHHELD
!
1 i
States
BRITISH ARMY HEADQUARTER
IX KRAXCK. Friday, March 8.--Great
gallantry and individual heroism
was displayed by the B-Igian 'solders
in the fail of great odds in the flood
ed xone northwest of Deixmude Wed
nesday. The German attack was fu
tile. This operation has been charvc
terized as a raid but as in the case
of the recent attack on the l'ortufeuee
there is little doubt that the Germans
meant to occupy certain rosts perma
nently. They succeeded permanently
in one place but wen driven out with
heavy losses af'er spectacular fitt
ing. King Albert personally censrra
tulated his troops yesterday on their
remarkable work.
Pour In Barrage Fire.
The Germans betan their operation ;
at daybreak against the Belgian posi
tions at Beverdyk and Peijiersvlbt
bv puttia down a tremendom bame
fire.
Far an hour the German artillery
continued to pocrAn avalanche ol ex
plosives, among which were niny
ns sheils. aainn the defenses, and
then followed with an infantry attack
in force.
The Bel.si.tn artillery replied with
a heavy barrage, and this, ro'tplf-J
with the fine work of the riritMn.n
nd machine guns promptly checked
the German advance at Beverdyk anJ
eventually completely repulsed ih
enemy.
At Reigersvllet, however the Cer
mans secured a 'ooting at various
points which was due to the fart t'ia
"te floods had largely subsided and
I the enemy was able to cross with
co.nparitively little difficulty.
A Belelan commander, at tots jnn.-
Russian scurces through Copenhag'
luaL " "if'cct. j t..o .-..c ture. with only nine men and a m.v
revolutionists. launched at a Moscow l(.n,ne cun cupi a briliile. hfaj
conference, has as its aim the oust-iwhere he resistej three huudred Ger
Ing of the Bolshevikl government anajmans Bnd tvcUe machine guns, for
the repudiation of the peace treaty., an hour before he, arrived ln r,,e
A large army, with Cossack support. .,,-. . , npfri k,h.i h. n....ten
is being organized in the Don district , ,..,.K ,h. .m
it is declared. The setting up
I republic with a coalition government
i i
19 ?ruiM9t-u. a
Petrograd has announced the alien
ing of a "peace' between Russia Mid
Rumania
This U
According
advices received
I were brought here late today ty '
jSiieiiff ftewart of Grabam coun:y.
jand locked in a cell in the county ja-I :
to awf.it tria! on a charge of killing!
In ' three Grahsn eountv officers on Fftb-i
ed to have been killed by the storm . "7 J" h "LSl ' rr rh.e hs rc footsore and weary, and Thonuw !
at Richey. a few tulles east of Concoy.'"e LV'"Y"' . ,"Vr.":;Z, tw l . , , 7 Powers Is suffering rrom a wound in 1:
. . . . . . . . , nort and that f.ne has Insisted that Anmmiccinna.i contain in the ..... .
unio. tonigni. i-ennsyivnui trams '. , , , . .. v........... tiie lef ve. which it is expected mav ,
;f .. . Russia cede to 1 irkey fill ports at the United States armv and has been as- 'e .vJ " i..-
! 5" ed 2! lie .?la.c.kt.i. H.ti IV: Bled to the 30.8 . ca:alry. reSiraent ; was received in the gun fleht on M
now being rorrnea in ixiugias. i
OO. Rumania. Under Its terms
Officers and Men Killed in 'the Russian province which Rnmrn
f . jian troops invaded last fall when Ru
France; 50 Wounded Dur- sian forces, disorganized by the !5ol-
. sheviki peace propaganda, were re-
Ulg Battle. ! ported to have begun looting both in
- j Rumania and In portions of Bes-ara-
! bla where the population Is largely of
tny Review lial Wire) j Rumanian nationality.
WAtjHivrmv March 9 The war1 The treaty provides, however, for
WASHINGTON, March. . the war RlimBnIa detachments in I?es-
department today issued the first or, aarahia. "for the defense of Rumanian
s expurgated casualty lists, contain-, property and inhabitants."
DEMAND NEW TRIAL.
t,rt icrc uorricrt i ucui uoigu is iu buupuiuic lui mc
,r.-Vr.I2; ! Berlin to Bagdad railroad a new av
LIMA, O.. March 9. Traction of!i-1 enue to the i east by tranF-Caucasia and i Tombstone from his pursuit of Jo'-sn "
cials tonight reported that towns and . norineru remia
son. he found ?. telegram awaitui;J
ruary 3i when the three officers
ing the names of one captain, one lieu
tenant and eighteen men klled in ac-
who Hon. a lieutenant ana caaei Kiiieu iu
When fenenir vn neeier rcrurneu in cou,.iir to lrr,st the rowers brother-. I airplane accidents, one lieutenant and
ttl I 1 1 4.I I IIIH I I 1 1 1 1 I 1I IIU! nillL 111. JU.I1 t . J
In the ..Twiitinn nf I . " V...J1 j "... ; a'me.l Grail eaaers,
... - - , ana i acinus rywenj iiu i iit!ua c-w,
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
ant. With this small reinforcement
the Belgian commander took the o'
fensive. rushing and recapturing fiio
position taken by the Geraninr. In
front of a hmall bridgehead. SeeTJ
prisoners were taken in this daring
assault.
In the mean time, the chasseurs hail
been organized for a counterattack,
and the setroops advanced under ex
cellent support by the Belgian but
teries. Regain Positions.
Sanguinary fighting followed and ft
one o'clock In the aftemon the Bel
gians succeeded in retaking the ":r.t
of seven posts lyin? In a semi-circle
In frrnt of the lirilser-ead. The wv
age battle ccntiuui'd until 5:30 o'clock
iu the afternoon when the last of the
posts was regained. The German los
ses were exceedingly heavy. Foity
bodies were found lying on the barbed
him
cities in several surroimdine counties , this dcslini Germany, mcrewover, has
have been struck by a wind storm of consciously or unconsciously, the
tornado velocity and that in iddle-; assistance and cooperation of the Bol
point at teast two persons have been : shevikL
nii a .nmh r tnmn nnt farm' "Look at the plight of Armenia.
buildings have been wrecked. ; Boln l'real ntain ana Amenca nave anJ to renort a8 goon as possible to
alays ttken a deep interest and sym- j Garden cityi Long island. On the day
TOWNS WIPED OUT. , Paln.T ln inl uunappy people. Ar-i(hat he wlred hlg arceptance he called
. , r V k .7 tenant and 23 men
from the war department asking, ,.,'. hnrH ,Itnn nenrUn action and 36 men slightly woun,
him if he i wmiH accept a commission . H)lc!.ita N M f of tbe capture of the 1 ed.
NEW YORK. March 9.-0rganized, . .. . ire nf rwlis One
were killed, t twelve men dead of diseases, a lieu- labor of Xew York City and tne Germa offcer -as decapiuted bv n
everely wounded Metropolitan, district united touay in sheU as he wag runnln away K.,e
cuuueuuiiuB me ... officers, and 111 men were captured
together with twelve machine gur.s.
in tne aviation corps reserve as cap- thr?e men and ,eft lmnjed!ateiy hv !
tain, and If so to wire his acceptance! ,m.lh0 f Haf.hifa arrtvin-i
there early this morning. Captain
i..." . . ,, , .vntcneii immediately uenverea me
tV.y Review Leaned wire) j meuian -eiugees wno uta into irans
FORT WAYNE, Ind.. March 9. 'Caucasia are now under the Russia
Four persons are thought to have been German treaty, to be handed back to
killed and several injured in a oyclov the rnrl.a.
which swept over Van Wert county. Military Men Control
Ohio. tonighL It is reported here! "You have oaW to look at the map
rlcn n ChAi)ff Ciavo t4 K io
all of his regular depu'ies to Ton b , d , returnad home wita
stone to bid th?m farewell as he d.d t
not expect JU ' The men were captured by six cav
baxuraay, arcn -. lie icii iu ir pji t i.
(Continued on Pajre Three)
(Continued on Page Three)
m r a unr nrrrnn' A rtry T A TT Ji T"TT71 T
MA1 I f)FllI O SUIHi JLCyAVUiliii!to bo des2nated an Arizona regiment.
Long Island. From the reports ie-
ceived yesterday it is evident that
I he was giv?n a commission and then
, transferred to the ne regiment now
being formed in Douglas and probably
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. March 9.
Pro..;eos of the steel thip building
campa'gii was made public tonight
by tN. shipping board In figures of
(i. li .' .-ies and launching which
showed a steady upward trend
since Lie first of the year.
In February, seventten vessels
of 110,'OiJ ton wero completed
and !M't Into t-ervlce. The total
wai n - arly t . ice that of January
admittedly a bad month, when on
ly nine vessels with a tonnage of
79.54. were delivered. March de
liveries nt the present rate are ex-
pectci to reach 23 vessels of 188,
275 tons.
Laun hings huve more than kept
pac? wilh deliveries, sixteen ships
of 112 500 tons having been put
overi-fttrd in January and 15 of
77,0i tons were launched in Feb
ruary. During March it is expect
ed th.it 35 vessels with a tonnage
of 591 will be sent down the
wavn.
Of the vessels completed In Feb
ruary, 15 were cargoe carriers,
one wis a tanker and one a collier.
The rch schedule calls for tbe
delivery of 14 cargo vessels, 7
tankfs and 2 collier.
alrymen who found them hiding In
the brush and took them to the patrol
I camp near Hachlta. The men
been fugitives since the day of the
fight with the Graham county offi
cers and had successfully vaded capture.
The dead and wounded officers
Captain Harry McHenry.
First Lieut. Louis J. Jordan.
Killed in air accident: First Lieut. I explosion July 22. 1916, in w hich
Frank J. Montgomery. persons were killed.
Died of disease: First Lieut Arthur
Ward.
Severely wounded in action: ,
Second Lieut. Alex William Terrell.
The war department's order delet-
the correction and sent
ence to death of Thomas J. .Mooney
. . . . i u
as -a monstrous injustice. auu i.. Th. rrni.n!, riaim tn have raolured
demanding for the Saa Francl-w.o , a con8lderabIe number of Belgians
labor nan a n-w trial for the part "5 and ther undo.jr.,edly carried awav
Js alleged U have taken in the bom' nri-oners. Althoueh it is im
' possible to give the exact total of the
; Belgian losses, they were light.
I
ernment to General
Anxious to Enter. i casualties as published in tills coun
Sheriff Wheeler has been trying 'Ry Review Leased Wire) try made possible to the enemy vaiu-
ever since war was declared to enter GLOBE. Ariz., arch 9 Tom Sisson aue information.
!the active service. He was given an and John and Tom Powers were ta'son Asks for Reason. '
I appointment to attend the officers' into Safford at 4:30 o'clock this ai'c-j At the same time the order of the
'training camp at San Francisco butrnoon secretely In automobiles and . department was brought up in thel
j after about forty days of training 1 under heavy guard. They were in'- senate. Senator New or Indiana ln-j
I was turned down on account of phy-j rredia'elv placed in the county .tail traducing a resolution requesting the
eical disabilities. He returned and where they will be neia until it is department to inform the senator why
I . V. n .Kn. rr. . n....lnn.l (w.l hnf th.V 111 k. . l - I L n 1 U 1 . ...At, I
tllO orutrr unu urru iotiru, it out u
(Br Review Leaaod Wire) i .... w "
MAD'.OX. Wis.. March 9. Wiscon-i LAF ETTE. Ind.. Maich 9. Pur
sin de! ated Chicago tonight in a west- due defeated Iowa In a western confor-
had'ing the next of kin, addresses anient conference basketball game 16 to ence l-irketbail game lere tonight 4b
dates from the lists was orriclally ex j 13.
plained today as having resulted from;
representations by the French gov-j A TTQTnTA EWJll J?S1?.Q QffT.F PT7T.fl
ral Pershing that thf 1UU JL iU1 i-JX. v M-J J JL w KJMdKj kjjlmsm. jmm
resumed his duties in the sheriffs of- determined whether they will b-s
i f ice. He was then given anoth?r ar- charged with murder under the stte
I pointnient to report at Leon Springs j or federal laws. They are the slay-
but could not leave here at the tin e
on account of business in the district.
jHe then tried to enlist as a private
but was turned down. He also tried
to enlist in the Canadian army but
jwas refused on account of his having
!jassed the age limit.
liis being appointed to tbe sustn
ers of Sheriff Frank McBrlde and
formation would not be "inconshnen'
with the interests of tne service."
Senator New asked immediate adop-
his Deputies Mark Kempton and Kan tion of the resolution, out Senator
rf?trrif1iMh1K 14 A 1 lW A ''IJfc'V''.reeiment will mean that a number of
SA. tX X X VyX KJM-dKJ WW A. XX W XXX A M X W X iUIJi V X
(By Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO, March 9. James
Keely, publlsner of the Chicago
Henld brought prolonged ap
plause from J00 Illinois editors
here today by an attack on the
war department's cder that only
the di nes and noi -he addresses
or names of next of kin of slain
American soldiers would be given
the newspapers.
Mr. Keely characterized the or
der rt. "absur I, cruel, infamous
and impossible." Tbe editors were
the ' iests of the Illinois State
council o (defense at a luncheon.
Mr. Keely In addition to criticis
ing the war department as inflict
ing -reutly of uncertainty in thou
sands f homes, remarked that
there were altogether too many
publicity agents in Washington.
his friends will volunteer to join his
command. He had hoped to be able
to get into tlje service and be traas
ferred for service to France to be with
jhis brother. Will, who is now lieutcr.-'
j ant with the rainbow regiment, a New ;
York organization. J
I Sheriff Wheeler has served a nurii-i
! ber of years in he regular army sad
Wootan. In the event they, are tried
and convicted of first degree murder
under the state laws the anti-capital
punishment art In Arizona will save
them from the gallows.
The prisoners are apparently Indif
ferent to their fate, according to a
Williams, democrat, objected and iTie
matter went over until Monday witiy
out debate.
In explaining tiie reason for the ord
er. Major . General Peyton C. March,
acting chief of staff, made public a
paraphrase of the cablegram receive.
telephone message from R. W. Smith, from General Pershing recommending
clerk of the superior court of Graham the change. GeneraJ Pershing saru
county. The only reeret they expres-, the French government had called at
sed was over the killing of Kempton.
Thev said that they believed him to
be Howard McBride. brother of t!ie
sheriff?
Strongly Guarded.
Guarding the prisoners on their ar-
tention to the unquestioned valuab:t
information which the Germans could
obtain from statements giving the ex
act number of casualties resulting.
after a raid and from official statistics j
in tne lonu oi rasujiit nam miit.i
(Fy Review Leased Wire)
AMSTERDAM. Friday. March 8.
The lower house ol the Reict
stag adopted a four months provis
ional budget aMer a speech by Dr.
Vo.i Seydler, the Austrian premier
who oeclared the government ad
hered to the principle of right of
the p -oples of Austria to self-gov-erniniit
within their own territor
ies but not beyond the frontiers of
the country according to a Vienna
dispatoh.
The government, the premier
said, :i'so adhered to the right of
self determination as tar as com-
pata!.o with the preservation and
development i.f the entire state.
The government at the same time
adom-l the principle of the right
of u-ViOnal self determination, the
premier said, according to which
no nationality must i ppress any
other nationality and that every
nationality is entitled to live ils
own '.lie within ils own territory.
Th- premier announced a bill in
this sense would be introduced es
peoiuliy dealing i'h the south
Slav question, the settlement of
which would correspond with Ihe
south Slavs' dynastic and imperial
royaav.
GRAND DUKE MICHAEL FREED
also as capain of he Arizona rangers. I rival were Sheri'f Stewart of Grahan;gave the precise effects of a gas at-
Welch To Be Sheriff. county. Sheriff Slaughter of Greenled tack. He recommended mat tne sys-
It Is understood that the board of i county. Sheriff Schiber of Grant i tern be changed o as to omit every
(Continued on Page Three)
(Continued on Page Thive)
(Continued on Page Three)
(Bv Review I -eased Wire)
PETFOGRAD. March 9. It is
stated in the newspapers that the
Bolshevikl government has grant
ed eo't'plete freedom to Grand
Duka .Michael Alexandrovitch who
has len untie' arrest at his home.
Fmreror Nicholas on abdication
designated him as regent.
Grn.id Duke Michael Alexandro
vitch. 4 youn?er brother of Nicho
las Komr.aoff, was named as reg
ent w':en the former emperor ab
dicated on March 15 last. Early
last September the grand duke
and his wife were arrested, it be
ing alleged that they had been
concerned ln a monarchist plot.
Since lhat time he nas been ln
custody. - .V
TWO
THE"BISBE DAILY, REVIEW, SUNDAY, MORNING, MARCH 10. 1918.
ABOUT THE SCHOOLS
OF THE DISTRICT
THE PAST WEEK
Miss Myrtle Jensen of Mounta'n
Iron. Michigan, g graduate of t'"e
Michigan state normal, arrived Tues
day to lake a position iu the Biabee
Schools.
Miss Margarette Derniont expect1?
to return to h"r work in the Jun'of
I'ish Monday after a week's quarantine
at Douglas for chicken pox.
The order of the state bonrd of
liealth requiring all children in the
utilic schools to be vaccinated wa.
revived but it will affect few of the
I-uri's tere, as most of them have
bce?i vaccinated.
Mrs. Bard well, who has been sub
stituting in the Centra! school, has
been ill fcr the past we-?k. She cv
poets to return to ber work on Men
day.
George Stewart, the head janit-r,
left on a ' business trip Friday for
Phoenix. He expects to return Mon
day. The enrollment to date is as fol
lows :
Grades 3346
Hish School ., .290
Kindergartens 308
Total 3914
On April 6. a fcond elec'ion will be
held for $60,OO. the money to be x
pended in building a school l:t Wind
wood addition, and a school at War
ier, to take care of the increased en
roliment at that place.
Miss Ruth Wade bas resigned her
position' as primary teacher in the
I.fwell srhool Humor has it that she
expects to practice domestic economy
in the future.
C. W. D. Chance of the high schoo:
factulty left for EI Paso Friday to
n ake arrangements to enter the fie
rce of his country.
The sale of thrift stamps has been
dropping off some lately. It wi;s
running about $100 per day. Tbo
spare quarters all seem to have ba'ui
collected.
Four new Singer sewing machines
were purchased this week for the U3e
of the domestic science department
of the Horace ann Junior high. Du'
ing this mon h they will be used ly
the Red Cross society of the Garfield
school.
The class in beginning French,
rhk-h. has Just been organized. un-rU
regularly at 7:20 c(Tuesday and J. 30
n Wednesday evenings. Mape. pic
torial illustrations and other methods
i!J b" used to aid conversation. As
the class has just begun, any bo
are interested should call at the JiiJi:
thool.-
In co-operation with Capt?.in
f-.thwab, tiie night school has orgm
ied and taken charge of a clasi iu
iinglisii for foreigners at tiie army
camp in Lowell. The membership 4
-i-oniprised largely of Poles, ar.d as H
i imperatively necessary that thev
be able to uve English, a special ef
Krt is btinif made to Lp'p '-hem. v
New students are stikTieing enrji.l
ed in bepiiining-tpoish't the; &l:bi
tcbool. Whiie grammar is given 8f
; tcuition. most of the time in clas'i is
; siKHtt in SpariuOi conversation.
COMMUNITYAMAZED -:
OVER W. O. JONES CASE;
Condition So Serious They;
Said He Couldn't Live ..; :u
Long Gains 32 Lbs. j
On Tanlac !
" 'Poor fellow, he can't last long." my
M-nds were saving among each other
t.n.1 I really felt that way myself, but
t Lave already .gained thirty-two
pounds by taking Tanlac and now ev
er ylody is amazed at my wonderful
wc'ivery." Th! statement, which is
1:1 ly remarkable, was made recently
bv W. D. Jones, foreman on the feed
lljcr at the El Paso, Texas, Smelter.
"About eight months ago," continued
l.'i. Jones, "I was taken down with
what was pronounced malaria. Then
my stomach got in a terrible fix and
the little I forced myself to eat seem
ed to form into lumps and the gas
Honied me up pntil I waa miserable.
I g t in such a bad fix I couldn't eat
anything and actually, I have gone lot
luiee days without taking more than
one glass of milk. Pretty soon I de
veloped a frightful case of rheumatism
in Uiy arms, shoulders and neck, and
tried everything I could hear of but
kept getting woi-se. I was absolutely
heirless couldn't dress or feed my
$!' and I don't believe I slept an av
erage of three hours in twenty-four.
The leaders and muscles in my neck
hurt tre so I could hardly swallow, I
pimply suffered agony with my Joints,
and what sleep I did get was only a
tlozo. Just before day, when I bad be
come completely worn out.
"I dropped down from one hundred
am! sixty pounds to one hundred and
tlfht and was hardly more tban a
frarie of skin and bones. I spent over
n.ontts but kept going down until
r.t-:L'er I nor iny friends thought I
fluid get well. Finally a friend per
suaded me to try Tanlac and the re
sults have been astonishing. The first
bottle made m: teel hungry and I be
f an 'to at a little. The second got
me so I could ct quite a bit and my
Flcmach quit bothering me. The third
i'jipioved me so much that I regained
hopes and after finishing my sixth bot
tle I was a well man and found I had
ccltmlly gone .ip to -one hundred and
forty pounds. I believe I will soon
vei;;h more thn I ever did for I'm
paining every day. My" appetite is
v.o.-idfcrful and I can eat Just anything
without it hurting me in the least. I
expect to always keep a bottle of Tan
Ins ;n the house and I don't know any
be:ter way to express ray appreciation
for what it has done for me than by
telling others about it."
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas bv Douglas Drug Co.,
in Paradise by G A. Walker, in Bowie
by Bowie Drug St i'e. In San Simon by
J. B. Cooke, jn Willcox by A. A. Nichol
son, in Lowell by I-owell Drug Co., in
Benson by C. F. Moss Phcy., and in
Gleeson hy B. A. Taylor. Adv.
BILLIE BURKE FILM
IS MYSTERY FEATURE
AT EAGLE THEATRE
A new 'mystery" has app'-ered oa
t! h sirfcun in the shape of adorable
lUilie Burke's latest picture. "Th'j
Mysterious Mits Terry," a Paramount
l i'.-lure. The pfcure is H3 unlatuon.--h:e
as the title indicates and from
the veiy lirt loot of film holds you
fcioathi'ss in its grip.
Thonas Mtig!an, the talenied
tercn 5'ar who has reecnily appeared
Vihk Pfuhne Frederick: in many ot'
I! at s:ar b.t known pictures, is
appearing with the charniing Bilite
i'.urke ia the latter's Utest prcdrc-
ion for Paramount, 'The Mysterioufe
Miss Tony," thrilling mystery
Ftory s:ory full of "human intereiit"
and comedy touches and containing
one of the mt fascinating love el
ries imaginable. -The Mysterious
"t!iH Terry" at tie Eale theater las
time toduy.
REV, HARSHMAN WILL
BE SPEAKER AT MEN'S
The Rev. Chas. W. Hashman, past-,
or of tr- Methodist church m ill be
te speaker at the Men's Sunday hib
at the V. M. C. A. this afternoon at
4:."0. I
Preceding the address the us:ial :
song service will be he'd, and iiume
dlat-ly following .the Fellowjiiijj ;
Bible Study club will bold their i'
sioti in the Lounge room. ;
At 7 o'clock the Travelogue club '
will meet in the Klucational room, -and
Mr. Ezra I!. Kider. the efficiency !
engineer of the Copper Queen will
give an address on "My Trip Across
panada."
'"Every man in the Warren district i
is extended an Invitation to attend
any or all of these gatherings," says
General Seci?tary A. B. Richardson.
"So better place in the district to
spend a few hours pleasantly il
profitable than the Y."
WESTERN ROMANCE"
AT CENTRAL THEATRE
ALSO ESSANAY FILM
t
Karry "Irish" I ernard's Musical;
Merrymakers wil make their farewell 1
anpearanoe at the Central theater this!
afternoon and tonight in the one-act)
larce "A Western Romance." I
This humorous playlet gives "Irish",
l ernard and his cast a chance to dis-
flay tlieir talent to best advantage'
and the sketch is said to be one of the'
I "st yet put on hy the Merrymakers. I
Today's m ml nee will start at 1:3"'
itid th nl-'lit performance will begin'
a' 5:.''0 and a continuous run will last
until 11. ;
In Rridition to the Merrymakfrs the'
enral management has booked a
five-act K.sanay film. "The Night
Workers."
WATCH YOUR STEP IS
PROGRAM AT ORPHEUM
"Watch Your Step." the New York
musical revue a offered by the Lou
Jacobs Musical company stars, Is
chuck fuli of new and novel song hits
and musical numbers anC scored a
distinct hit at the Orpheum last night.
It is a new and very novel Idea of
musical comedy, serving mostly to in
troduce clever people and these
Jacobs has in goodly quantities. Per
haps the feature of the show, was Al
lah's Holliday by Eunice Gilman, as
sisted by the McMartin sisters and
the chorus. This wifer alone de
manded several encores.
Ancther beautiful number was;
"Srme Sunday Morning." by Mr. Cald
well and Miss Show, but then t.'ie show
is so full of good things that it would
he bard to enumerate. It will le re-,
;ated tl.is afternocn at 2 o'clock and
tonight for the last time, at 8:13.
REVIEW WANT AOS
RRIMO RESlltTft
Rheumatism Back on the Job
With its Old-time Fury
lit A -VJ:nnnBA arrr B
No Let-Up In Its Torture
Trctty fonn you will be reaching
for the liniment bottle again, for the
million- of little pain demons that
cause Rheumatism are on the war
rath. Winter weather seems to awak
en them to renewed fury.
Hut your Rheumatism cannot be
rul-bed away, b-vause liniments and
lotions cannot rench the disease. It
in the 1 rd. and only a remedy
that goes deep dow n ir.to the circula-
on, I mnti nut tiie HUea.se perms.
can rid you of this disabling disease.
S. S. S. has given some wonaenui
results in treating Rheumatism. Be
ing a purely vegetable blood remedy,
it purifies the blood of every germ,
end thus removes the cause of Rheu
matism. Get a bottle to-day at your
drugstore, and start on the right
treatment that will get results. Free
advice about your case can be had by
writing to Mediral Directbr, 26 Swift
Laborator;-, Atlanta, Ga,
The Wonderful New Modes in This Spring's Gdiniwtgi
of Women's Apparel Place a Newer Strength in "The
Fair's" Statements of Better Styles at Lesser Prices
X IT 1
L' i m
We INVITE Your EARLY INSPECTION
The first factor in the choice of a new Suit or Frock or Coat is what ?
"STYLE." Stylish-Fashion is everything. The world almost lives for style, for
only by style are we refined. Style is the subtle' something that education, love of
beauty and harmony and longing for advancement brings out.
SO FIRST FEEL SECURE IN THE MATTER OF STYLE WHEN SHOPPING FOR SOME
THING TO WEAR. YCU HAVE CONFIDENCE IN THE STYLES AT "THE FAIR." AND
WELL YOU MAY HAVE. WE GO TO ORIGINAL SOURCES FOR THEM. COMPLETE
AND THOROUGH BEYOND ANYTHING THAT YOU MIGHT EXPECT ARE OUR SHOW
INGS OF NEW SPRING GARMENTS AND MILLINERY.
There are styles for every taste, and a price to suit every purse, from the most inex
pensive Suit, Coat or Frock to the most exclusive models, beautifully and expertly
fashioned by America's best tailors, and of coins?, higher in their cost. Your in
spection is invited. Come as early and as often as you can.
:W. S. S:
War Savings -Stamps
BUYING Thrift Stamp !
a smug sort of service after
all. It for Instance, In self
righteous patriotism you elim
inate two cigars a day and
buy a thrift stamp Instead,
the first thing you know you
have a hundred dollars thaf
would have gone up in smoke
otherwise.
YOU GAINED the hundred
in money and a thousand dol
lars' worth of self respect be
sides. Patriotism pays. So
don't forget your purchase of
thrift stamps. They may be
secured at this store.
ExclusiveModelSuits
Perfect in Style and Design
$42.50, $45, to $65
WE DO NOT KNOW OF A TIME when Suits
were .andsciner. The Tabrics are delightful fine
trirotine In tacs, guys and blues: mannish mate
rials that combine all the new spring colors har
moniously and still have cne shade predominate,
wool jerseys and the wonderful SUITS of silk and
serge.
ETON JACKETS, jackets that are pointed and
rirple very full and loosely belted Jackets offer
gcod choice. Fancy vests and collars are very
gocd and the fronts o: the jackets are often cut
in odd ways so that the vests are quite prominent
The prices on these batter suits bein at $42.50
and range upwards tc $65.00
Wonder Suit Values $35, $39.50
YOUR FIRST THOUGHT when you see these Suits will be, "How can they sell
such smart Suits for so little?"
THERE ARE jaunty, rippy affairs and high walsted styles that button with one
button and have odd little vests and belts. There are the atrictly tailored styles
of manni:;h materials and hairline stripes. And there are medium length Jackets
with full button fronts and rather long waistlines, and the popular Pony Coats. The
eoler ranse include a riot of blues, tans and grays, novelty checks and mixtures;
wonder values at $35.00 and $39.50.
Some of the Smartest Suits Are
Marked $25 and $29.50
WE CAN SAY IN ALL SINCERITY that we can give you aa good a suit this
year at $i5.00 and $29.50 as were offered at those figures last year, and that la re
markable. It was the great efforts of our buyer that made It possible.
WE DONT KNOW of any other suits in which you will get more of the worth
of your money than in these the worth of your money In reliability of materials,
the worth of your money iu careful tailoring, in correstness of fashion, the worth of
your money in everything that a woman who knows the worth of good quality and
light styies in suits will demand.
w.s.s.
Stamps. I
at This
Store
Suits for Stout Women
I IF THERE IS ANY one thing about these suits that deserves special
mention, it is the practical and appropriate model in which they are shown;
designed and made to make the stout woman look siaaller, rather than empha
size her proportions, that doesn't mean, however, that they are lacking in style,
for they possess many .clever style touches that will meet the approval or
women of taste and refinement; materials include serge, tricotine, gabardine
and mixtures; sizes 44 to 54, bust measure.
Spring Coats $18.50 to $35.00
THE NEW SPRING COATS are cut very full ani ' ave an air of tmar ness that every
woman. Wll admire. The mast fashtonaWe wauritls include sr.ft, li-ht e;ht velours, boli
vias aabftrdlhes. sergees. Burella cloth, anil Scotrji mixture. Shoulders are narrow and col
lars medium-sized. Over collars of figured -svk- are smart; the colors are vry pretty and in
elude everything that new and popular.
Attractive Displays of New
Styles Developed for Spring Prices Very
ns-?ir.VFRS have DISPLAYED remarkable Ingenuity In creating a world
of deft and clever Spring Hats. The models which comprise our new showing
are uausual for their distinctivenesses and practicability. The well guomeu
woman will delight in reviewing this display.
THERE ARE HATS HERE FOR
SPCRT WEAR, AFTERNOON WEAR,
SEMI-DRESS WEAR, STREET WEAR
AND FOR ALL OCCASIONS
$750 $8.50 $10.00 AND $12.50
These new spring Innovations are certain to appeal to the 'woman who realizes
that her hat Is the index to a good appearance.
The accompanying illustration shows but three of the hundred of nodels
that await her inspection. Included are new ribbon hats, fabrics and crci e and
straw combinations in a full choice of colors and shades.
Millinery
Moderate
Jersey and Serge
' Dresses '
$18.50 to $32.50
SERGE AND JERSEY Dresses in
their simple, practical styles are very
popular this spring. The colors are
especially well suited to these type of
dresses, being sand, gray, rose, taupe,
nary, brown and purple.
The trimmings are narrow tucks,
gold and silver braid, soutache braid,
chenille embroidery and stitching.
Dresses that are splendidly adapted to
every need or the day. Youth, grace
and chic are moulded Into there as the
sculptor molds beauty into the plastic
clay beneath his bands. A varied as
sortment from $18.50, $22.50, $25.00
and upwards.
n
1 jljK-
V- 1
Class
Sweaters
$3.95 to $12.50
WOMEN'S slccvulos slip
on Sweaters the very latest
fashion in knitted garments.
Ccme either with or with' u-. col
lars, and are made in very vlcver
and becoming styles.
One attractive model called
the "Hr.ur Glass." purled :.t t lie
waistline; another, the "Fish
Tail." th's model deriving its
name from the flare at tse bot
tom. Tiie colorings art- new.'
the combinations are new. noth
ing like anything that hai been
offered before; some have natty
collars of An ;ora wool. 1? f ui
oucsticnably the prettiest, and
smartest collccticn of ' nltted
garments e have ever sMvn--price
range from $:j.35 up to
$12.50.
c
There were delays mid dilf'culties. but were ready
ahead of time, as usul with the
New Spring Shoes
In Great Variety and at
Most Reasonable Prices
'Tls no easy matter these daye to keep up the style
and quality standard for which "The Fair" store shoes are
so well and favorably known.
We realize that you lock to us fcr the best, an.! that
you require ui to have1 It for you when you wish it We
reeard it as a positive duty, to live tip to these
requirements. We have done so; and shall
strain every effort to continue to do so.
There wire niar.y obstacles in the miking
and transrortinc of our new spring Knot wear,
iintwilli-u.ind lis. we are read now w .th h
vast asorntieiit ol the finest and mt 1-hu'i-fnl
models yi.n've ever seen, and tliey a. ,';ut
at all higli priced.
Joan of Arc
Smocks $2.50 to $5.00
NO USE FOR us to dwell at length on the
smartness and populanty of these new Joan ot
Arc Smocks, you know they are the most iiked
and most demanded of all spring blouses.
They seem to have all the joyousness and
light-heariedness and pretty colors of Spring
time and the outdoors built rieht into themf
Uey lend a delightfully youthful appearanc
to the wearer, just the garment that younj
women and college girls are clamoriug for, suits
able for Bport wear, for the Country club, golfr
ing. tennis and all outdoor sports priced at
$2.50 to $5.00.
Spring Blouses $2.50
ARE YOU ONE OF the many women who
leng for new Spring Blouses that are pretty,
smart and becoming but who find it neces
sary to dress on a limited income?
If so, it is for that tiiese lovely Blouses
were made and priced at only $2.50; they aie
of fine, sheer White lingerie lawn and hatist
prettily embroidered or lace trimmed, new high
cellar etfecta, or large collars finished v.ith
lace.
v.
Boys'
Corduroy
Knicker Pants
$1.75
MOTHERS with he!!iy.
active boys to clothe will we!
'o:ne t'is nnnxual villi? In
boys co.duroy, knieker pants
at J IT") a pair.
Tlie-e are midc of ecei;.'nt
qual'ty and extra heiy. and
R-e actually orMi .r''c ni:v
a psir ttian the nrire w ark.
and the thrf mof'ier "ill
lax in good supply at this
price bi fdio she .''as ti i
tin re; all seams taped and
itoiihlo studied: sizes for
fov.-. tn.m to 18 ears.
NEW SILKS FOR SPRING
The Style Dictates of Fashion
Radiating Superlative Attractiveness
FASHION'S mandate for spring and summer wear, and the "SILKS'
you find at The Fair are the kinds that are safe to buy from the stand
point of style, quality and value.
They are shown in all the newest weaves, ia the widest possible
ranee of colors, shadings and combinations, well calculated to meet every
fashion inclination, so carefully chosen and in audi a satisfying variety,
that the understanding ;uyer may make selection with the pleasing
certainty that nothing unworthy will be Bhown her.
BACNIT SATIN $2.50 AND 3.50 YARD
Thick texture, shiny as white silver and finely and llgJitly woven, it
w'll not pick up or lose its luster like some of the new weaves; especially
desirable for sport togs, skirts and dresses; 36 inches wide.- in white,
green. Baud, pink and the new blues.
SILK GINGHAMS, $2.50 YARD
One of 19!S's most popular dress silks. Especially desirable for
young women's frocks and those who want to remain young. Delightful
new colorings in plaids and checks, 36 inches wide, per yard $2.50.
FOULARD GINGHAM SILK, $1.19 YARD
Exceedingly popular because it is one of the new and most fashion
able weaves, the colors are good and the designs unusual: It washes and
wear. like co'tnn gincham; 36 inches wide, surely you'll want at least
one dress off this pretty material.
GEORGETTE CREPE, $2.00 YARD
The glorious Ge rgette for Plouses and Frocks will be as much in
demand this season as last, except that the shadings 'are different and
more beautiful than ever before; if you are planning a spring frock in
any of the new colors and want Georgette to match it, come to this store,
for every wanted shade Is represented.
FRINTED HINDU SHANTUNG, 98c YARD
A t ilk of exquisite suppleness and shown In an assortment of unique
dvigns; we don't know of anything at anywhere near the price that la
quite so desirable for spring and summer frocks. 36 indies wide.
SILK TRICOTINE, $1.98 YARD
1 1 you want something that's new and different, yet satisfactory from
t'-e point of style and service, you should see this pretty silk tricotlne;
an exquisite weave in the new blue, French gray, white, rote and cream;
06 indies wide. '
Spring Dress Cottons
A Wonderful Gathering Is Ready
VH T A .MARVELOUS DISPLAY of Fashion's Summer Dress Cot
tm.s is here for yorr apr'oval. Ycu'U surely make at least one or two
co:tnn t!r?ses this season, -nd if you want the best value for your money,
von'!! buy your material at this store; besides, the best assortments are
here. ;co.
GINGHAMS AND ZEPHYRS 25c, 30c, 35c
i8:vs .iud Zephyrs are more popular than ever this spring, and
:n;: h; re is so coniple'c that it embraces more than 100 new
in the prettiest and most fashionable colorings. The widths
rrhes. priced at Zc, 30c and SSc a yard.
;i.c s
p:it:c?
ore ;" ami THE E1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 10, 1918.
THREE
i
i
I
1
1
Outlaws Await
Trial; Held in
Safford Jail
'Continued from Page One)
county. New Mexico, and Under S'.ier- (
iff Carl Foster of Graham county.
The prisoners tallied freely of their j
flight from the posses, numbvrin;
more than 1000 men. They said thi't J
they were on foot from the tima the;,
abandoned their victims' horses be
tween Rook Creek canyon and Turkey
Creek on Friday, February 15, five
days after the battle. When they left
their cabin they made Btraii':t from
Turkey Creek across ottonwooa
canyon to Prieden canyon, the head of
which they crossed. Then they cros
sed the hear! of K':cker canyon i.no
the head f Horseshoe- canyon, where
tl.ey camped four days. Crossing the
Fan Simon they en:er;-d Skeleton
canyon where Sisson formerly nwned
a ranch. This Is in the OnadalujK'
mountains. From that point they
n-ade their way south going by Ha
chita and crossing the border. Unable
to find water south of the border ti e
outlaws returned to the vicinity ol
Hachita." About two miles north of
thv international boundary some ten
miles south of Hachita, they saw a
sound of six soldiers approaching them
on the flank. Believing- a larger num
ber ml'-rht be approaching from the
other flank they decided to surrender
without making a fight.
Ceiop Poniia. v ent north and on Mon
day v.r seen at the B.ir U ranch,
v. hL-ij U near the iriie. From there
iliey went ino the Ig St.rlng moun-j
tain? and then back to the Gusnian(
mountains a. id then crossed the tior-;
def near Campbell Weljs. It w!U here;
Cat ilicy were seen by a Mexican hoyj
ivlin notified tYpt. i laves and his de
tainment of five men. They went j
after the o-.nluws and caught them;
wi'.h. :u f!ri::g a siioi. Tliey were!
tt'rncd over to Sheriff Shriver and his j
deptuies who lirous'ht l.'iem into'
Ha.-bua, 'vlicre tney were piaceil in.
ih; army stix kade.
HARRY VHEELER IS
GIVEN
CAPTAINCY
(Continued from Page One)
frupprvimrs will appoint Guy C. We'aV
as sheriff to fill out the unexpired
terms or Sheriff Wheeler as soon, as
Mr. Wheeler Unriers hts reslsrnntior
to the boaru. He was uiv-n a sixtv
day leave cf absence by t:e board
when he left for the east with "-lie
understanding that when he had re
ceived his commission he wou'd wire
his resignation. No direct wore- has
been received at the. sheriffs of'ir-'
in this city or in Tombstone from Cap
tain Wheeler. .
Captain Wheeler is reported to be
on his way to Tiouglas to report to
the colonel of the new regiment and
should arrive in that city the e.-f!
part of next week, accordine to ofii
cial military reports from WRshinu-ton
and El Pasd.
, Whteler On Trai.
. t.- cio?e at times' Harry
Wheeler.
IRUSSINEAST PLAN
! REVOLT; JAPS TO AID
i
C. (Continue from Page One)
sheriff of Cochise counyt. ,
and his po:se were to Tom and John S3- wuf a irm-uuou '
Powers and Tom J. Fisson, Mr-tires ; conquet r,erm,nv has undertaken
when mi:: them through the Chirj- Ir. l-n tnwarted in her plan to
- ' t'l . . I Jill 3, I"- -JV-". "
i-trin.' to h?r bow and for the moment
the vhole Geraitin per-pie eeem to be
hacU;n ; 'h new imperialistic scheme.
The '.niiitary cuatrol of Germany is
paramount and unshal:en. German
democracy is dodle and servile. The
nilies must adopt every means in their
Tower to ffli.slr.ite Gciniany's cesigns
in ths past."
eahuas. and how nearly the slicr'f
and his men rame to belne murdered
by tr:o. was revealed by the fugi
tives themselves shortly after they
were caitured late yetcrc?y after
noon. They rere sricd
Mev'r.i.
SAFETY RALLY FOR
COPPER QUEEN MEN
AT ORPEESM MONDAY
Local miners employed by the Cop
per Queen and their wives are all in
vited to attend a Safety Rally tomor
row night at the Orphettm theater.
The program will start at 7:30 and the
raljy will be held under the auspices
of the Copper Queen central commit
tee. Grant H. Dowell, genera: manager
of the Copper Queen branch of the
Phe!ps-Dodge corporation, will be the
main speaker of the-evening. He will
talk on accident prevention end wel
fare of employes from the company's
standpoint while Wallace MKeehan.
safety inspector, will talk on the work
of the safety department.
Mr. McKeehan's add i est; will he i'
lustrated by lantern slides showing
surface, underground tind oc.riTitln?
scenes
EL PASO FIVE WINS
F20M HIGH SCHOOL
111 RECORD CONTEST
TORNADO TAKES TOLL;
THEATER WALL FALLS
i'inflnue.t from Paje OnW
(By F'ed Carnes)
The El Paso Tigers high school bas
ketball -ive demonstrated their ri;,h:
to th-j title of champions of the soi.b
west when they defeated the Uisbce
high s. hool playtrs 13 to 8 in a h ll
contested game at the Uiy'.i heboe!
court. A large crowd was in attend
ance. Hig'.i school flayers wore con'Atai
lated by local fans on ths ;;reat she w
ing thev made against tic Tetaita an
hut for the fast that thev .'4'' down on
the jo'j of ringing the basket hen ;iv
en a I'rte throw on fouls -.-j niuti.:.l I y
ihc visitors, the would nuve tee ton
the El Paso quintet of hirir rhi-oteis
In It tries the locals tb. v but tv-o
gofls on free lo.-;-.es.
Tba n me wai feature-i by wonler-
a'ddilion there wul he the reT'i-jfu! 4-ioroing with both teu: , Uolung
In
lar motion picture program that th?
management of the Orphettm t.heat'i
has provided for its patrons. This is
a six reel feature showing Kmily S'"v
ei-s in "Outwitted."
Music! will be furnished by tlta the
ater orchestra.
All employes are ured to attend
and brine their ladies. Owing to th
limited seating capacity children wl'1
not be admitted. Admission will be by
ticket and these will be issued by the
timekeepers. A special invitation Is
extended to the mothers, wives, sisters
?nd sv.-eethesrts. of the ccmoary's em
ployes to attetjd this meeting.
MARCH TELLS WHY
NAMES WITHHELD
J
(Continued from Pay On
eifht m'les f'ini tbe borler. -.otnh of.
Ha 't if a, by f.- roIIIc-f crmmsnderj
by I iei':enant Hayes of 7he Tv. elfth
cavatr:. .
I'nil w-pTi Viv t-cai
trai'ir"- t-e f.ieirtvos c:n?-e :h"v V IT! '
Sh-riff-R. F. V'Brirle. cf Cr-jltt'm
county. r",-.my Pho-:'? ;T n K'r.p
tr.n and I). K. VrKitan Feb. 10 when
the officers went to trip Pove- .''W
near f-'i.Vord tr. priest tlr.m. 'he
Po'.""er h"-ivs or; ct rtrs of vp'i!nt 'he
draft, and Sis?ou or; a cliari"r cf pcr
jtirv. Time and ti"ie Train. firjiMves
s?'d :-:eriff Vhefer a'7 " "3,d.rM!
of nil v.'C'e clnsp on thrtr It.!! !r
the Chir!rhr-'s. Thev mr-he-l f.nm
doio. irivinsr 'hem -re"" difficilly in
keeoiag ahead over m"w and ns'les.
of tlie rnckv. rued ard mouiitanictf.
ccr-trv. thev said.
The fneitives Vent on eat'Ie eve r.".
th" veI'f prd hi eesse. and aid a!
or tlree Fne-if' iV-e'er himself n-s?
the o'uer down and pr -a iiiS easy
tosses 'let field fcoals. iii:- ii.tic a
player of either team sj'vr-! the
opposition players blocked his effotts
for a throw and this act u s Hie
small score, the kwest th-.i th. Kl Pa
so team has made in any aine this
season.
The visitors were stroJ. in their
praiso of the lcc.M team and eai I they
had rot encoan. ';ed as onn opp- bi
llon this year..
Bo-n teams showed re:.ufk:iol de
fensive ork, probably ih; ir.os; won
derful s-rowing f the -c i-l ever it
ne&sed ir a basketball tame played in
this i:y. The guarding bordered on
tbe miraculous at times while both
five displayed l erfect eamwork
Pons.' rd and 1 apowski star- .' for
the visitors wi;r the fnn-v.- making
: seven plants an I tne la'tir four Me
i KenV made two points.
! For the locals Visalia sc.i-?d live
: points and McCrea three
The lineups: El P I'oi.sf.ird
jand Lapowski. forwards M.igruder,
centet; McKeny, Beven and Stevens.
VOLLEYBALL CLASH
ON STUNT PROGRAM
thing which might be cf value to tio
enemy.
At Pershing's Reque't.
It co t'd pot be learned whether Gen
er3l PrchiT snecffrati - desieTiate'' : guards
too ra;ure' to de.etea. or len t.'fs, Bistee Visalia and Hobl.s. for
to he deeded by the department. ?f or j wards ; McCrea. center- JJiidwin and
was'tere anv exnlanattcn of a isate Thomsa. euards. Olive.' Itrr.wi. nffi.
men", in an A?50"ir ted Press from
Araerir-an headquarters that the r-u
prohihfs the discussion of cesuaitres
pmontr the Aner'can forces was "ten;
pr.-frv."
1iet!ier this r?f.rrd to a prc'n-
ciated
The U Paso players defeated the
l'niveiity of Arizona te:m at Tiicst n
Friday laght by a scorj of 2j f 22
whiia the Tigers bested rhu V. M O A
team m-e by a tount o' 17 li ';."i In
r r.'( :"iT f'as vol'if v ball team
of the Y. M. C. A. defeated the ."
.. i lot .. tea;., la' l n ght in two straight
? - i-.r.-i p; vts : te" u r tl.oir
reverse several weol"? 3-'c. The- uiti"-v.-cr?
p'f.yci ran of the .stunt night
r-.oi'i-jr'i a. tl.-e nsoiaii.D.
T' - :j i-uh c-f t." e twa leants in the
SIDK folinw: F'vj c'lln.k te: in
i't'ta';. Graves. Ga3,.op f-.ii.
.'r,y J. .(in; v.p'.-.t o'cit : k fea.n. Owen.
Kr'ns. Kerr." BitrhreH ard V.Ueelcr.
P!irsir?l n.rector Jas. W. Morely
wi-'n 41 feet or 'hem When Whcsler Tnt t."f jji.icr Loys n:o'!- i noii.t
wV-'-a? for their trs'l cn the races and stunts, incli'diag a crat;
rocks belov.-. the fneitives wre fortv ra e. skin tha siiaKe, tuff of war and
f,.rf -x" v f-oni him :n a densely wood- a relay r?.ce Jack Lanarurn was cap
el end ror-ltv place, lyftrr in wait for ," -f th- P''1? ar''1 --e -ry Stnds-b'-i
to -ni on t furl'T hoffrp IiM certain of t lie i.e-Js.
thev rht him. Thev had their euu-i ' Lftfs Le Cuycr zni Jam?? . V?t
cccke'l rrtad t'. ici jf rytt t'-?-: r
his S'atfed .toward them, but it
hamene-3 tha he came no rearer.
Prin h J r the--' v-prp h'de.. morf
than once, tlfe fugitives said, thev
ccJiid have ear'ly killed . the sheriff
ir. General March etdained that j
French goverrment has never ls-
rt c. 'atsiia'.tv list of any kind sin-'
hirton -mrjosefi ny t.enerat fersr.inc jcomparison with these a-.--c the su -w
cr- re -re son dents in Franre. or to feling ntwle by th-j local nigh slitol
fleD:.rtn'eTits rw order wvs not mscejpjayers j9 considered all th.j more re
clear, unerai .Marcn etiiamea Tnat niarkble.
n:ed
the betinning cf the war. Instead t"ie
var off're in Paris as soon as a namo
is received notifies the mayor or the
town from which the soldier came and
the mayor, personally, notifies the sol
1 dier's family or nt of kin.
that Continental, Ohio, has been wiptl
out by the storm.
It is also report?d that the towns cf
Holgate and Palmer, Ohio, west .f
i Leipsic, have been practically de
stroyed by a tornado. Appeals lor
immediate help have gone out to the
adjacent cities.
TWELVE ARE KILLED.
(Bv Review Leased Wire) '
WINCH EST Kit, Ky., March 9.- -Twelve
persons were killed, ten oi
whom were children, twenty-three
persons so severely injured, it was
found necessary to remove them to
- the Clark county hospital and about '
thirty others, less seriously hurt here
tonight when the walls of a bura-U
building adjoining a moving picture
heater rol lapsed crushing in its rcx-l.'
Six of the twenty-three injured
taken to the Clark county hopitj!
1 were (honsiit to be fatally hurt. The
! majority of th"se as we'l as those not
so seriounly hurt were children, sev
"ral hundred of whe-n were crt wued
into the theater when the crash came.
The wall which collapsed wa1 also
used as one wall of the theater out
projected considerably above ' tbe
roof of the theater buildine. When It
collapsed a part fell on the roof. The
wall's collapse at the same time re-:
moved the support from under l.e'
rcof on that side and it crashed down j
into the theater.
The gr?atest force of the fall was;
spent upon one section of seventy-,
ftve seats and it was here that all o;
the fatalities and serious injuries
cured. A considerable number of
persons seated in other parts of l.e
house, however, were cut and bruised
by flying pieces of timber and stone
Created Panic
The first result of the crash was
panic in which the hundreds of chil
dren and & small nun ber cf grov n
persons stmtgied to reach the ettt
ranee.
Apparently ro one was hurt 'a tlii::
rush which easily swept through ilif
wide doors giving entrance to the
theater.
Within a short time hundreds o!
persons attracted to the scene by the
noise of the falling walls had been
organized into rescue squads ami
soon cleared away the wreckage.
Those most seriously hurt were
taken to the hospital. Others not fo
periously hurt were attended to an
the spot and removed to their homes.
No check was kept npon their number.
Easter
March 31
Order You
Easter Suit
Today
Springing Some Spring
Styles
Easter has always been new-clothej day and
good-clothes day.
This year the question is, how to be sure the
new clothes are gcod clothes.
And one certain way is to see the new things
ve offer in KAHN made-to-measure clothes.
Fabrics are pure; Stylings are down to the
minute; Fit is guaranteed.
For good new clothes for Easter let us take
your measure for a KAHN suit.
Headquarters for the latest in Gents' Furnishings,
Shoes and Hats.
Kobey's
Army Shoe Special
Just received a large assortment of those
famcus army shoes, which we have spec
ially priced for this week at
$5.95
REVIEW WANT AOS FOR RESULTS
THF DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS
v:
jrt tjtq Yo5Tn an5 st -nos were U1
de.'i.led v'-ether o 1dll them
Ktrr since Mtr.b 2. the fher'iTs Kiven fcv
ofHef thrcn.'h its depuly, Charley ' ''.a!
Crs:-. in Poarljs has krr.v.n that the T- i;":. '
tr' W3s in close proxir.iity to ;hr !ir?
e?-r of Vjulas, anl !n ti e S:c;Tn
l?a-3: On that date they were seen
on C?'"" Ponita by MexJ.-ats who;
cpme jpto F'rucliter's rrn.-! nd r-j
pcr'e' the ni.itter Crc.-s rer-eivpd the
wr rrf, : leferviewod the Mexirans and
sh.wd then corue pit-turcfi w.'ikh.
thev Tidily identified. Pepr'v Crc.
it render '! sclos and vicre ac
"i;:. ;'ej 1 y T'red I! Keynoido
rt:ro. :.'v. ZJ.va"!-.; ?'".j c:.--ft!
aj'i:ar.ce with r. j-.;r.:io .''
inc.
1 (' tir r h"- C'nn' -
gave an exh:ri;ion of wrestling hcM?
" 1 'I1 - r !,.-'r tv."- U- r,p- ,
Jtorley and t" r 1 '
BISBEE BOWLERS WIN
FROM DOUGLAS TEAMS
jr-ie-I
to Dov.g'ns and Vad rn ule
Pi"-!' u," load of h.9 pins in thv
h .vllr. t otimp.tn.'Tif with the Douglas
,:r. -T.-iih" rs r.igr,t. the Bisbet
firrt an 1 sorcrd tnr-is incriscd their
!,(H pi the kadcrship in the tcurna-
men. He finally received w.-rd Cn meat i.t tee Shield trophy and are
Friday afternoon C:a: rcrriisu.-n , no win front with Coo pins to spare.
wo::Id be v;ven and ne in;ended to: A !ar?c crowd witnessed the alley
leave yesterday morning. j er.r.i .r last n!?ht and cheered the local
The outlaw, after visiting on the i.Ia faiafhers cn to victory.
r;
rsr?PMf-n:3 trf trke a parse out after
th" tr:r. but could not 'ie"Tire n ti''
sion to cross info ?iex: o v.ith hi-
J, H, RYAN APPOINTED
"w"WAY ENGINEER BY
m COMMISSIONERS
J i.'. Hyan, engineer ' for Cochise
r )i.- :-, was appointed engineer by
f: count v road commissioners at
t:r; meeting in Douglas yesterday
"i-i'rg. Th!r was the news broueht
I -r k to Bisbre by J. Bowen and
C" "! J. P. Hodgson. local members o;
the county road commission.
At yesterday's meeting every effort
to hasten wcrk on the paving of the
Bislwe-Douglas highway was promiseo
and Mr. Bowen stated last night that
the commissioners are united in their
desire to get this work completed just
as quickly as possible.
Mr. Rya,n was instructed to prepare
the data necessary preparatory to ad
vertising for bids on the grading and
draining of the road. This will prob
ably take three or four weeks and
then wben the bonds are sold and the
. work awarded to the lowest bidder the
actual construction will start. '
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
Spring
of CLOTHING
& Furnishings
Shelving z'lilH-Grj-ch Lina cf Shirts, Hats,
in raciv cverylbirg
:
Isptey fm
FOR
MM
t
.,3t r i j 'i. i. -I ' MXk m '!Mtum
1 i
Hal . 1 la mm k f
maim cTorrr r nico-rr t ! F I . t t I;
D
: ':.:.
.llill
in tire tuying,
Most Miles per Dollar
THESE times are ivin& a national naeaninfc to those
principles of efficiency which years ao ftave to
Firestone the record of Most Miles per Dollar.
f$ $m Cord Tires
carry this economy to a still finer decree. Not only added
mileage far beyond the added cost, but extreme resiliency
saves gasoline. Also this resiliency in protecting the car
saves repairs and retards deterioration.
Invest in these tires and keep down your expense, there
by helping the &env3ral cause of conservation.
H'?- friiU'c'tg-sf.-i jrri
'Bisbee
S
7
i ires
m Giving More Miles Than Ever
In brin&in& the Cord Tire to its present
sta$e of efficiency Firestone builders found
wnys of applying some cord principles to
fabric construction.
More rubber between fabric layers, a rein
forced bead which insures a perfect and firm
seating of the tire to the rim.
Also a thicker cushion of pure &um under
the touh tread which prevents tread
separation and reduces stone bruising.
Have your dealer show you. Use this im
proved type and practice real economy.
FIRESTONE TIRE AND RUBBER COMPANY
Akron. Ohio Branches and Dealer Everywhere
Auto Company
Upper Main St
AGENTS
Fhone 5 Published Every Day Except Monday Eythe
State Consolidated Publishing Company.
CULLEN A. CAIN.
.Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS , j ,
The Associated Press ia exclusively; .entitled, to the
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this' paper and also tie
local news published herein. ' ' - '" f 'i
All rights pf republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Entered a Second Class Mall Matter atv Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March , 1879. . '
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
1 .75
2.21
4.00
7.50
2.50
.75
PER MONTH
THREE MONTHS
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year,.
SUNDAY (Our "Weekly) per quarter.
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
Sunday Morning, March 10, 1918.
MAKING IT UNANIMOUS.
Eliminate strife, forget party differences,
broaden out from the narrow ruts of the
past, place the administration of Bisbee s
business in the hands of men who have suc
cessfully manipulated their own business,
work for the welfare of the nation in the
same harmoinous attitude taken by Presi
dent Wilson, congress and the leaders of the
democratic and republican parties all these
suggestions from citizens of Bisbee favor
ing the election of a non-partisan city gov
ernment and a harmonious, co-operative
campaign, have brought home to residents
of Bisbee the importance of patriotic action
at this time. But one suggestion has been
made which deserves even more than pass
ing consideration.
E. E. Nyland, a well known business
man and a resident of Bisbee for several
years, ha3 struck the keynote of the situa
tion. "We should get away from the old
political strife and put into office men who
will work for the city," he declares. "We
should get together to make their election
as near unanimous as possible. This will
assure the men elected that the citizens have
confidence in them, and that they will be
supported in their administration by the
population of the city."'
Make the expression unanimous! The
' entire situation is summed up in this one
expression. Patriotism, efficiency, busi
ness administration, elimination of party
differences and strife, co-operation with the
president, congress and democratic and re
publican leaders all this will be accom
plished if the expression of the will of Bis
bee's electorate' is made unanimous. All
factions united, all differences of the past
forgotten, everyone working to a common
end and the public welfare, let us remem
ber that unanimity inspires confidence, and
that a well supported city government will
accomplish greater feats than a half-heartedly
endorsed administration.
It is to be expected that some opposition
will be expressed. It is impossible that there
should be no discentjng voice in a city elec
tion f cr a majority is neve'r without a minor
ity in affairs of this character. A dis
gruntled minority here may attempt to go
contrary to the non-partisan attitude as
sumed by President Wilson," congress. and
the 'leaders of both principal parties, and,
cloaking their inconsistency under the man
tel of a Woodrow Wilscn club, place a part
isan ticket in the field. As a matter of fact,
the non-partisan ticket is pledged to the
same course of unanimity followed by the
president, and launching of a second ticket
on this basis seems superfluous. The re
sult will be that well-intentioned persons
will socn distinguish between the real Wil
son party and the disgruntled minority, and
that the non-partisans will receive the sup
port of Bisbee's majority, rpaking the elec
tion a business, patriotic and proven city
government very much unanimous.
Representative miners, business men and
women of Bisbee have already expressed
tl rmselves in favor of the non-partisan
ticket. They have called attention public
ly to the benefits which will accrue from
(placing in office men of the stamp and in
tegrity of- those named for this ticket.
They will now seek to assist in bringing
about their election not by a mere suffici
ency of votes, but by so supenduous
a majority that those elected will know Bis
bee citizens are unanimous for the many
advantages which will accrue through the
efforts of proven business men, working
for the common welfare of Bisbee and Bis
bee citizens. .
FOCD REGULATIONS.
Tie- Review publishes elsewhere in its
c .jjrms this morning a statement from E.
C. Orifpbell. assistant county food admin
istrator of the food administration regula
tions. The compilation of factj as present
ed 'cy r- Cainpctll, ij cor.ijr'Iit;, i:ifcrn:ir!-
and cpncise.' It. outlines just what con
fronts , the ..retail and wholesale merchant
and the consumer.' It gives a definite rec
ord of. the status of this district as pertain
ing to the food administration.
- Mr. Campbell's synopsis cf the situation
is important to every man and woman of
j the Warren, district and Cochise county,
much criticism has attached to the mtrch-
;vlntwhrch has not been due him. Much
irritation has been occasioned by the strict-
Vness of the regulations. Mr. Campbell telk
why and wherefore of the criticism, and of
the regulations. And, he gives just an ink-
' ling of what large retail firms must under
go to be able to satisfy the consumer.
There is .one thing which Mr. Campbell
omits, however. He speaks of the strict
ness of rules and regulations today. He
cites some instances where lines have been
drawn even closer : a few where relaxation
has been permitted. He does not speak of
what may be contained in the future. The
facts are, and we ma' as well face them
frankly, that the government has hardly
begun its food regulation program as it will
finally be worked out. We of the west have
been fortunate. Restrictions have not af
fected us as they have" residents of other
parts of the nation. Visitors from the At
lantic seaboard tell us we know nothing
of the war. But the food administration ,
promises us we shall know, and if you have
found it hard to smile when confronted with
some of the regulations, be optimistic, and
remember that this country has net yet
come to black bread. Thank fortune for
what you have ard can get. You rriay be
even less fortunate before the passing of
many more moons.
CAPTAIN HARRY C WHEELER.
In the comfrnissioning of Harry C.
Wheeler, sheriff of Cochise count', as the
first Arizona officer for the new Arizona
cavalry regiment now being organized at
Douglas, the .war department has recogniz
ed the merits of one of this state's most
dauntless fighting men, and has inaugurat
ed a policy of placing at the head of the new
regiment's units men from the state in
which the regiment is being recruited. If
other troops in the organization are fav
ored with as able commanders from Ari
zona, the new fighting unit will be one of
of which not only the state; but the na
tion, may well be proud.
Following the announcement that Cap
tain Wheeler has taken his oath and is now
on" his way to Douglas A where he will be
stationed with the Arizona regiment, it is
confidently expected many men of Cochise,
county and Arizona will seek admission to
his command. The former sheriff is a vet
eran of the Spanish-American war, andf a
campaigner of known ability. None can
doubt his " fitness to command, nor- his
bravery, nor hi3 cool, calculating demeanor
when faced by dangers or serious problems.
He will be a valuable aset to the army of
the United States, and art able representa
tive of the state of Arizona. .
Captain Wheeler will arrive in Douglas
inside- the next week. He will enter the
service as an officer cf the United States
reserve. His commissioning adds to the
commanders of the United States one more
man who will carry the colors of this na
tion fearlessly and faithfully. Captain
Wheeler is a personification of patriotism.
He has entered his sphere. ,
I; EDITORIAL COMMENT ;
THE STEINFELD CASE
(Tucson Star) ' '
t Is the presei.ee of Harry Steinfeld
in Tucjon vitaUv necessary to the suc
cessful operation of the war against
Germany? . ' '
This is the bu.ning question in Tuc
son todpy. Tin people of this tiityfof
Pima countv. ai.d of .the tate.of Art-
jzona deserve to know the facts all' of,
j them -and the details surrounding the J
ireque't of Tucson's richest young man
I for exemption irom service in the Cn-
ited S.'ntea arm :'
Tho Star proposes to give the peitd"
iof Tucson and of Arizona those fac s.
i This paper , act lated by no motive otn
er than that mo public is entitled t
I be fully appraib-;.! of the reason or rea
! sons for the exemption claim. Intends
j that the men im women of the com
munity : haH know. The Star desires
I and 1 imanda that complete impartiali
ty sh-ill govern the dispatch of men to
the national army; it demands that no
favoritism be shown in the considera
tion of the vari ,us cases by any agen
cy; it domands hat money, or the pos
session thereof, shall not make of the
object of the cnMre war a farce in
name and in fact. In making these de
mands The Star is not going outside
of iu province. It is expressing. In
concrete form, the sentiment of the
people of this and every other com
munity in the United States.
The steiufeld case is perhaps the ;
most noted attempt of its kind on rec
ord o cvoid se.-viee with the army.'In
other states, in other climes, in other
parts of the state of Arizona, the
wealtliv men have been the first to
give ip their o'vn flesh and blood to
the cause of Democracy. Did ot the
parting from their sons hurt equally
as nvi.;'u with them as it would in the
case o; Harold Steinfeld? .
From the ouiet, as a consequence,
we can dispense with any sentimental
reason tor granting 'an exemption to
Harold Steinfeld
Is Harold Steinfeld, in his personal
or business capacity, essentia! to the
future, re progress, the welfare and
success of Tucson, of Pima county, of
Arizona and tlia United States? It Is
on this question that the decision of
the Provost Marshal General and the
Presideir. of thete United States must
be mad a. for Harold Steinfeld hasi
been returned for service by the local
and district exemption boards.
In numerous lflidavits it is alleged
that Harold Steinfeld's departure from
Tucson would cense a serious rupture
in the business life of the Old Pueblo.
It is inferred that the economic fabric
of Tucson would be torn asunder, with
out h-j guiding hand of this young
man; that the Arm of Steinfeld would
suffer and die and affect, adversely,
the life and fu'ure of the town that
made It. if the vice-president and gen
eral manager were sent to war.
We do not think the . presence of
Haro!J Steinfeld is necessary to the
welfare of the people of Tucson. To
assume that the business, of w hich he
is the vii-e-presMent and general man
ager, will go to pieces without his in
fluence is perverting the obvious truth
in the ciife. The business, which his
father has buiit up, with fhe aid of the
people of the region and with the nat
ural growth of the state of Arizona,
deserves consideration. The local and
district exemption boards have given
this sul-'ect ampl consideration. They
have ut-ted. The neople are a unit in
defense of the rctions of the exemp
tion boards. ;
In spite of careful, considerate and
impartial investigation, free from mal
ice or prejudice, the Steinfeld case Is
still undecided. The president and the
provost marshal general have been im
portuned to exempt Harold Steinfeld
from the draft end from service for
his country.
The Star believes that to exempt
Harold SteinfeM from the draft would
be to set an example which would
place the draft tnd the object of the
war in general disrepute. It would
discount our wich-flaunted declara
tion that the draft would be whollv
democi'itlc. Tt would work an injus
tice on other young men have left their
dear ones and their business interests
to serve their country.
We say, unqualifiedly, Harold Stein
feld must go! . j
A. GOOD PLACi: TO KEEP HIS FEET.WARM.v
T
mi i hi ?F.nti.v-.-,.-ss
r ;v ,Vi
mmm
f.,i..Vr-':; lfflVi.V -3 " ' "
mm
m-s.
V- 'it:'-:: v; I - .-yv .V r;H hJ-. if?'-
Q
li t ',1'
m.mm
Jr 5-. !! .' . .-. I I
Choose Ye This Day Whom Ye Will Serve
RUMANIA'S HUMILIATION. v
And now, Rumania ii subjected -to the
same humiliation, the same rape of honor,
the same shame as were Belgium and
Servia. German kultur has weighed the
brave, small country down, and few hours
have been allowed the little Tcir.gdom
in which to capitulate to terms dictated by
the kaiser, and in keeping with the ultimate
realization of the German idea that Ger
many must rule the world.
The brutality of Teuton militarism as dic
tated by the kaiser is aain placed in the
spot light of the world. The inhumanity of
a race which believes itself of super men
and a war-god of pagan faith are displayed
in renewed vigor to the a!ii?i. The desire
of the German to stamp out ail oppsit:on
to thir rule of the world i3 reaffirmed.
And another dijgraceful chapter is added to
the central powers' ciirr.ss. '
Rumania will be forced to accept the
terms of the Hun. Hemmed in on every
side, beset by Teuton forces, their country
ravished, the men and women oppressed hy
conquest, the little kingdom cannot further
d'ify the oppressor. But, her appeal o ti .e
allies to remember her sacrifices: v.'ill le
heard. The lesson of Hun brutijhness will
be remembered. Both will but strengthen
the will of the allies to free Rumania, to
free Belgium, to free Servia, and f ffee
their own nations, by stamping out kulfur.
mili'acm, and the hcu?e oi Hchenzollern.
TAKE OVER ROAD CAMp
JTombstr.r.e Prospector)
Th'i ('ochise t ounty Highway Com
mission should Immediately convene
and tfki over 'le road camp as now
organised by County Engineer Ryan
and put them r-eht to work on the
road iiom Tombstone to the Pima
County line. This, can be done quick
ly, economically and to advantage of
the million do'lar road fund and If
Governor Hunt thould experience a
change of hear the organization
would l.e within easy distance of be
ing relocated ro that work could be
pic kod up wher-f left orf last night on
.! stato hfcjhw&y. -
The stopping of road work last
evening by Governor Hunt is without
logical excuse. The only reason that
can be advance in that he is "getting
back" ti somebody in Cochise county.
It takes .a man of mighty imaginary
vision to see wherein he gets even
with any one by such action when in
so doin h3"lnj'!iej every man, woman
and child in Cochise county by his un
called (or act of yesterday. Automati
cally m money Rpnt to Phoeni by all
cf the tax payprb of all Cochise county
is now tied u; indefinitely and the con
elusion drawn ts that no work will be
done tor the next ten months and if
Governor Hunt succeeds himself then
vc aro lo have no state highway built
in Cochise c-mnty in thirty-four
months. Put wc at least may thank
tie Lord for the million dollor bond
!bmii 6nd a mishty good direct tax for
roads piid moMly by tie mlrres and
Vailroiids.
t ENGLISH NEED FOOD j
(T!y T(vlrr I ,.( 1 Wlrol i
j SK" YOUK. March 9. The mission
, (.f Sir Iienry l;jbiiigtn Smith, who
.:ivrd in tl:- f?. Wednesday,
v.-i., be in aid KhtI Knadinc. the Prit
i ish spneial ainhis-sdnr to this country ,
: in l';o direct si'pervision of the work
of a number of Itritish missions now
; o'CeratiTig here i ml in Washington.
Th laiiors of these missions will deal
ichn i'ly with the shipment of muni-:
itions. fofHl. oil i.m1 g'-ueral supplies
!r ..: tl.:, I'ittd at t Enstand.
The follcwin;; sermon was del!vered
in tee Presbyterain church at Eistee,
Si:r.day. FeL-ruary 14 by the Itev. Al
lan Kir:hbaum. Because of its deal
ing with the war, and its significance
at this time, it is especially interest
ing and is print d in part as follows:
"Choose ye tlm- day w.'iom ye will
serve." (Joshua 24-15.)
Jcshua was the George Washington
of Isarcal. Amid great discourage
ments 'and disappointments he led
them through the formation of their
national life, fought their battles, and
trouKht tt'ttm" victory. Ju.-;t as Wash
ington in the war cf i-ic Revolution
was- beset by Tory propaganda and
intrigue and jealousy, so ,around
Joshua were the Amorrtes and the
Canaanites ever seeking to turn away
the hearts and corrupt the life of his
teop'e. Not at all urlike the inaidi
ris machinations am; .pvlnss of the
Cerman government in all lands were
htse movements of the pagans living
round about to corrupt the life or
Joshua's people.
But at last the people were estab-'
Msiied in the land. Jcsnua had grown
old in the service and must soon re
tire, and so he gatiered the people
'c.ether at Shethm and put before
them the great choice. Thi.; choif
moant for tiieni a government of right
eousness, opportunity and the pursuit
rf happiness, on the one hand, or a
corrupt existence, steeped in lust, vice
and inhumanity, on the oilier.
A gVeat choice, a great decision, like
this confronts the American nation to
day. It ia the question of whether
we shuil continue to live under the
ideals and teachings of Washington,
or submit ourselves to the kultur of
a German autocrat.
On Friday we passed the one hun
dred and eighty-sixth anniversary of
the birrh of him who is rightly called
the Father of his Country, perhaps
the. only man of our nation whose
tirth began to bo celebrated while
ho was yet living, and while our coun
try endures the anniversary of hu
birth will be a great national day in
our midst.
Now, as I -have already said, we
the pecplo of the I'nited States stand
where the children of Israel stood nt
She h"m in the days or Jr hiia. fac
ing a great question, whel'ier we '.me
our brethren throughout the world
s-ha!l continue to live affording to
the id'inls of Gefice Washi'iglor.
whoso birth we tf.tMineiiiorate.
whether we shall ecme under the yoke
of Geraian kultur. And it is a vei
vitnl and real question.
In th Inst issue or Hm Outlook. Ir
Jr.i.'pil II. Odell, at onen a Presby
ter an minister and one of our great
est rorepondri:ts, sns:
"To put it bluntiy: this war has
settifd down into a tor.test between
Woo '.row Wl'son. the human embodi
ment of democracy, and Wilhrlm IT
henrc.nern. the human embodiment of
CUtCITBO". '
"Is the st; nicnt tnrc? Let us tr
It oul by a risil-l proce-s of loir-. Itus
:ia can r!vc no further aid toward
winning Hie war. Itn ly can continue
n f i ttJ f onlv with the assistance of
fircit Hritnm and France. Frhnce,
'ndomifablc. is rtnertheless af the
1 fin i of !-.rr man power. Great liril
in lips jiist com" tc the enltli of her
f i:.il)li ' reMires. With Russia
eliminated, the western European ai
1J..H4 ca.inot de'eat (.eri.uiny. Tii'r con
fess it: they ,l((tne our hM as t.'ie'r
ore bore of kiicm-s-,: ;'ll tlie glorii-us
:a(il!ite-i o'' t ie t'i'-t th.-ee years ard
p t;:.! f inuiil hp vc bten in vain but
:.- ! at ;:!! the Wi.-' tt3
Without our money, without curaeriai
service, without our food, without our
munitions, without our men. democra
y in Europe must go down before aif
toeracy. The United States is the final
(actor in the fight."
Thus you see hew the qnestfon
stands with us today, and how the
issue is drawn between our own loved
Washington and the autocratic lord of
the German people.
First of ail in this crisis we must
have faith. I do not mean either
optimism or pessimism, but faith, it's
a grand old word and it enshrines s
great virtue that we need at this
time.
In this war there will be creat and
trying losses; there will be disasters
and disappointments. We must have
taith tc be strcnK, unfile iiing. courage
ous, in spite of all these holding
rtronlv lo our pathway in firm confi
dence of tho outcome, and sail lie
iif vitg in he Powtr that make: for
rlghic.cusne.j3.
Wi' :nti3i ;-ave faith because of the
r.-.en who ro to do our fighting for us.
If tlif-y It ok back arro3s the Atlantic
and s'c u? listless, given to cur com
forts and our ec. e. the victims of in
difference, they simply cannot fight.
The atiile'o in a race with all ees
upon .'m:h, Hhouiiug an.: cheering,
their very hearts running wit;i him,
can do oen n.ore th-.n Vj oest. For
hmi to ran alone, or before a heedless
multitude, simply means Vn defeat. II
our you!".- men can look back and see
a miciity believing people, praying
fervently, living eagerly in tho very
trenches with them, walking with tW:n
in fnith thrcuKh every hardship, for
getiing other interests in Uie eager
desire to stand right behind them
every moment of the time; if they
can look ba.k and see all this, they
will he invincible. And those who
must go will go happily. We aTe Pres
byterians, and Tresbyteriuns believe
mightily in God and in prayer. And
now, if ever. ;s the thiie for us to be
true to our calling and profession.
Secondly We nit: -e ready for
8?"r'l"re.
I can think of but one issue for the
present war; and when that hanpy cul
mination shall at last have come when
the last desnot. Ihe Hun. the
last scion of tho house of Hoh
enzollern. shall be swept from
the invaded lands, when these stricken
provh sh.'.ll a?ain ( uio into Ihelr own.
whn i- c;lrnd'd and trlnmr.'iant friend
i.hip will sprins up between the wo
nien cf these lands that 'cave stood and
fought together. In thnt victorious day
when yon ladies t hall go to visit your
s'st"rs In Itelginm they shall bo ready
to ki-s the very hems of your gar
ments. How splendid when tliey shall
come to be guests of your own homes.
There will be friendships that could
not besundered by iron bars. '
And i; is fr'endship that will he the
kevr.c.te !n the crminr civilization.
It Is possible for people c." uifferent
nuti'Talities to1 owetl togetiier In
fren'ishio pnd in peaie. We are to
day a idugular utrted nation, and yet
wr are a composite pecple. We are.
Knrlish. S -otch. Irish .German. Swede,
!)uth. Swiss. Bohemian. Slav, Hebrew
Hiimania.i. French. Iiaiian. Spanish.
Indian. All these elements are com
bined in the American soldier. Our
fir-t ser.'eants having the "time of
their lif-:" calling the rolls of their
companies. It is told that the First
Ser.Tcanl of Pennr latiia. company
snee.ed while calling the roll, where
upon three of his men answered
"here." And yet our army cfticers are
'.-Vho t:& th'-t t'.ih men wire never
before assembled in any army that
presently we shall have the finest army
on earth.
When such things are true, who
will say that men cannot live together
in friendship and mutual respect?
Anil what prevents them except a lot
of intriguing, cabalistic 'kings and
princess for whom there is no rightful
place on. earth today. When these
things are possible in the land of
Washington and Lincoln, why may
they not be possible over all the earth?
Why emphasize our boundary lines?
Let the whole world become the abode
cf man. where he can choose his abode
as he will, and everywhere find friend
ship, justice and opportunity.
"Then let us pray that come it may.
As come it will for a' that.
That man to man. the world o'er.
Shall brothers be fdr a that.
WANT TWENTY THREE
- MEN FOR SERVICE
OVER THE SEAS
The local board la Tombstone b;.
received a request from Thomas J.
Croaff, federal 'ate director of tho
department of labor, for J3 men,
either drafted nien or volunteers,' for
Ihe engineer's corps. All request
for induction should he made dliv t
to Mr. Croaff at Phoenix, who aays:
"Th? war department In conjunc
tion with the United State public
service reserve has requested me to
furnish twenty-six men from Artiom
for induction or enlistment In tho
?ni;ineer3' corps for overseas duty at
tnce.
"I am enclosing you herewith a
sU'tcir.tnl showing qualifications of
;ren wanted. These men should be
between twenty and forty years old.
1 hese of draft age will he Induced
into the service and those outstd of
the draft ate wllj be enltsted. Til
war department will take these meu
on our fconiniendatlon and it is :m
portnn that nono but competent ni"l
be secured. This call offers a splen
did opportunity for men of proper
eua'iLicalion to do their bos,t servico
in war.
"Men of draft age prop-rly quali-
liHl may be lndu-ed into this serv.
lie up to the moment they rccelvsj
orders to go to camp."
Following are those wanted:
Track supers isors, rank of -vr
(leant.
Chcpers, ordinary qualifications.
Geirnen. to do light blacksmith
ing work. etc.
Car inspectors, to make light car
repairs.
McMve power oierks. expfrienc. d
In keeping r"4rds in mileane. etc.
Railway Mil clerks, having one
cur's experience.
Railwar statistical clerks, o'ie
year's experience..
Kailway report clerks, one year
experience.
Itftilway fi'e clerks, one ycar.a ev
peri-pee.
Railway yard clerks, one year's ex-
p-erience.
Railway ticket agents, one years
cxpei ience.
Stenographers, with experteme !a
rt i'v av offli es.
C'oehs. FOOD ADMINISTRATION'S- RESTRICTIONS POSITIVE
i
Explains Regulation of
Wheat and Substitutes
By E. C. CAMPBELL,
Buyer for Phelps-Dodge Mercantile
Company, and Assistant County
Food Administrator.
Few people realize the restrictions 'rulings were made. For instance, in
hat surround the retail jcrocer under j Colorado, where there is a lar,e crop
the present rules and regulations cf ; of potatoes and also of beans, com
tne food adminstraticn. The grocfr.tinai.lon sales we're permitted of
l? not allowed to modify or chan-i Leans and potatoes with wheat flour,
tneee rules in any way without the ' Slightly different rules were put into
express permission ot trie :ooa a i-
ministrator.
The recent wh-?at conservation rule
Las brought criticism of the prefer
for the reason that the public blame
Urn for the inconvenience that tln;y eeneral appucation and u not ap
tave been put to. The nile proid:iis rreeiate that they merely cover loc J
for the sale of an equal amount of conditions. The special dispensation
substitutes with each sate of vneat , pennittintr the sale of poatoes with
flour was made effective Mon lay, ! f!our within the state of Arizona wsj
January 28. "Wholesalers and retail- j automatically canceled as soon as
trs had no advance notice in re,r.ii.l 'leur constitutes became available in
to this rule. It went Into effect I e.:ch town. If the stock of substitutes
Fimultaneously throughout the cou::- Is again exhausted, dealers will not
try -The method chosen by the food be pein.it ted to make exceptions tj
administration to secure immediate th? rule at their own discretion, but
action was by publication in the news j the matter must be referred to Hie
papers throughout the country Suu- etate or county food administrator,
day, January 27. On the following j w ho may permit the sale of potatoes
morning the food administrator ie:n-1 or other food products temporary in
fraphed all licensed dealers ar.d I .leu of the authorized substitutes,
wholesalers that immediate and strict Milt Overtaxed,
compliance w ith the rule as published The preatest difficulty confrontra.;
would be expected of them. j retail grocers has been to secure an
Lack of Substitutes. ; ample supply of substitutes to bal-
Vhen the consumer was confron;-, tnce th?ir stocks of flour. Mills
id with, the alternative of , buy i. k n inking cornm?al. etc., are taxed to
tubstitutes with flour or deferrij;,; ; their utmost capacity and are only
purchases of flour, in most cases pur j eble to fill a small percer.age of t'.ir
chases were deferred. This had thus ciders placed with them. A great
effect of bringing Into immediate aso ' number cf flour miils fcav- no fariii
rny flour held in the homes, and froti ties for grinding cornmeal. Othcr
?11 indications it is evident ihat a j subftitutes, such as rice four, barley
considerable quantity was held 0 j flour and potato flour are ptaclically
the majority of families in anticipn-. unknown In this district, and have
tion of a shortage. In due time po-' never hofn stocked to say extxni.
pie who were obliged to buy 'lu.T j Naturally ti e mills socializing in
purchased the available Eub3titu;e--. j these products favor their old ciston:
" Stocks of the latter W're scon depict-; crs in the s-ale or these produc ts. So
ed. The retail grocers were unable ' lar It has been Impossible to secure
to secure a sufficient supply fri-ra pny of thpse particular Terns in tills
their wholesalers, and the wholes.il-1 district n-.ilo -maize meal and flour ar. i
cient substitutes from the mills. also barley flour are now being nil'- j
In this particular community the ed in Arizona and will soon be avail
ratio of sales in the past has been ap-!?tle here,
proximately ten pounds of wheat; Mills Regulated,
flour to every pound of the authorized j The rule which absolutely restricts I
substitutes. Rice and cornmeal have the retailer in ths sale of Hour to tl.e
only been used moderately in the j consumer also forces the retailer to
Warren district. Rolled oats has a j buy from the mill or (he wholesaler
f teady but limited sate. The samij 1
conditions existed thrcuirrout tie ' fells a car or flour mey are orjirsrea
country, although, the difference was i to secure from the buyer a written
possibly less in the southern states j statement to the effect that the Any
where is a more general consumption ' er has purchased an equal amot.'-.i
of cornmeal and rice. I of substitutes not covered by other
AMiviation in Arizona. I purchases of flour.
Throughout the country flour Fa'.cs j Some wholesale and retail groc-xs
were at a standstill, as dealers were I take the stand that the present law
unable to effect deliveries on accou:.l I has seriously curtai'ed their sales ol
of not having substitute!., and under I flcur. . Naturally this has b?ea exact
tbe rules they v,-ere prohibited trvtn I ly the result desired by the food ad
Felling flour without substitutes. To r InisTstion. Many censumers nae
meet these conditions various statj ! also been critical. When we consider
food administrators made temporal 1 that the purpose of this law is to
ft .-yv ---!
- UK
. 'f:;
Jf.Z..
It- !.
'MJOYMGt GEORGIA WATML0M A 'fJcOXT F7nl C'l. TV
It has been nearly 60 years since the United States has
held any prisoners on American jroiL And the prisoners of
the Gvil war were our own people split asunder by the jtrife
over slavery. Already there are approximately 3500 Ger
man prisoners in the United States. They are not captives in
battle. They have never seen the trenches, but a portion of
them were active participants in the war as officers and sea
men on the German sea raider Prinz Eitel Friedrich, which
ventured into Hampton Roads for coal and supplies in July,
1914. But the great majority cf our prisoners of war are
officers and sailors, the stewards and employees of the Ger
man mei chant vescj wliich were seized by our government .
) rulinps. To alleviate ccn-litions it;
-he state of Arizona the sale of pota-
toes was permitted in the ratio of
four pounds of potatoes to one poi'n.l
i cf wheat flour. In some states otl'cr
eiiect in Texas ana omer siaus.
j Many people, reading of the ex
! cmptions permitted by state food ad
u.inistrEtors in other states, are under
. ths impression that such rules are for
in the same ratio. When the mill i
fees f v;.vte
r .SiSys4ft
WOOD C!J?VG
T K A.
-jxl'C
r K.
4- - f:--r Trv ;izzz-Jj.:n .- 7i
1 Tt i&i Ti f U " ' -z,
conserve wheat, t can r?adily be swi
that the less flour the dealers buy
:md the less the consumers buy the
greater quantity is at rhe disposal of
the government, either for the araiy
or .for exportation, to our allies. .
1 - - Saved In Thia District. '
In the Warrea district alone a fair
estima'e of the normal amount oi"
wheat Hour consumed per month is
ten carloads, equivalent to six hun
dred thousand pouns. Within th-J
thirty-day period immediately alter
the wheat conservation rule went into
effect, not more than two carloadi of
flour were shipped into this district.
Thi3 rule therefore had the effect of
releasing neatly half a million pounds
of flour that would normally have
been shipped Into the Warren dis
trict. Granted that there was an
equal saving at Phoenix. Tucson.
Globe and Douglas, these cities,
Bisbee, would show an approximate
saving within the same period of more
than two million pounds of fiour or
c train-load of thirty-five carloads. A
iimilar saving must have been mvlo
throughout the United States.
This saving during th- first thirty
day period was of course unusual anJ
due to the lack of substitutes. Granted
that substitutes can be purchased
equally, with wheat flour in the fu
ture and that the sales of wheat flour
will be cut in two the saving in th
Warren district would be approxim
ftely three hundred thousand pounds
per month, equal to five carloads. In
the five cities as listed above the
normal saving per month should be
approximately twenty-five carloads.
Give Up White Bread
To sejeure the best results, the con
sui.ier must give up white bread ab
Mi!utely. If after buying twenty-four
pounds of wheat flour with substitutes
the housewife uses the flour for white
:n.T.d, she will accumulate a surplus
of the substitutes. Therefore the logi
cal thing to do is to devise some meth
od of using these substitutes with the
whest flour in the making of bread.
Nal.irally there will be a certain
u:nout of experimenting which will
rv.-tllt in. a wa-:e cf material. The
Fjod Administration will give publici
ty .o good rejlpes for bread-making
ith substitutes. It is the duty cf bak-
Jiggerville Red Cross Reports Much
The Jiggerville branch of the Red
Cross have the following splendid re
port to make for the month of Feb
ruary, the report being compiled by
Mrs. Andrew Sinclair.
In a letter from a Bisbee girl, at
present in a fawaway school, to her
parents she said: I am so glad that
my parents, in Bisbee, are doing their
part to help our country in the strug
gle. I am working here every mo
ment, and w-hen the struggle is over
we can look into the faces of the re
turned soldiers, who offered their live.?
for the country and say: "We did our
part at home.'"
What a proud moment it will be
for all vho have faithfully performed
their part. What a saJ moment for
those who through carelessness or
indifference are found wanting in the
performance of their ifuty. Last July
IE
1,.
-
: ,V-.
3P!
'
,V . -';i ,
J
fAM.
fia
x,4 w h&i Shim mU
! ers as well as housewives to give puh
jii i'y to tested recipes. The large
: cr.i.rke.- iuanaia''ture)s of the country
; have already devised means of using
S'jlMitutes and are making Liberty
land Victory crackers and cakes. ...
ny people do not realize that the
! fen er is heipless in so far as chang-
me rules is , concerned, and believe
t'v.t be is profiting by the rule requir-
n:s the sale of substitutes. Grocers
' ar- icstricted to a fixed profit on some
'items, and their selling prices on all
! groieries are based on actual cost re-
ga'dle ss of market conditions. In oth
i er vords, if the flour mills were per
j r.'tttexi to raise their price on flour, the
' rciu'ler and wholesaler would be
oL'l ged to sell his stock on the basis
' of Lis current )Tices and could not
take advantage of the advanced cost,
i Monthly Report
The retail grocer is obliged to make
ir."..ithly reports of stock on band,
1 stock received during the month, and
' to list his selling prices. These re
! pMts must show the average percent
' r.ge of profit, also the highest profit
made. A copy of the dealer's report is
M.i'led to Washington and a copy to
! tho Slate Food Administration. These
reports show at a glance whether or
not the dealer is making an excessive
1 1 rufit. It must be remembered that
I in i-.iakiug thesj reports the dealer is
i oi !ied to swear to their, correctness.
I From this it can be seen that the con
! suuier's interests are very well safe
jfuartied by th Food Administration.
In some 8taft'4 it has been found ad-
edvisable to publish tables of retail
selli ig prices of staple goods. County
Food Administrator Rae now has this
matter under consideration with . a
view to possibly adopting this method
;in iae Warren District. If it is con
! t-iiNred advisable, such lists will be
1 t'ULIished regularly and the consumer
fail! have an opportunity of checking
fi'-jcers' prices.
It must be borne in mind by the con
sumer that while the various regula
tions surround millers, manufacturers,
v- holesalers and retailers, farmers and
assaatlous of farmers are not re
stricted. They may hold their grain
an.l other products, if they deem it ad
v;l)ie, ia the hope cf securing higher
prices.
Within a short time it will be possi-
a number of women of J.ggerville and
Upper Lowell decided they could best
do "ther bit" by baviru a lo:al branch.
It was then a chapter was organized
at the Jiggerville schcoL The two
settlements tc.gelb.er number about
1200 homes; the number of workers
one day reached 17. but :cr the past
three months the average daily at
tendance has been six.
Patriotism and prtiic nave spurred
the workers on. and the amount of
work turned in to Uie heaj chapter
has not fallen below that turned i"
to th head chapter when the aueart
ance was greater. The small enroll
ment compels the workers to give
every rpare moment in order to keep
up the work, and we find Warren giv
ing three days a. week and making
many personal sacrifices, while others
enjoying the same protection and free
ONE
i K- - ... - 3 i (
S.ivai til
tiTrs' '
RA4A
jffi " THEATRICALS A T F03T M$ PHERSOM- GA.
-,-T-
bio tf scitire twelve pound sicks, of
I Hour in this di.-trict. For some time
!ia.;t the Feod Administration has not
jrermittfld the packing of the twetve
'ivimd suck. "and under normal conli
'tioti. I: is not an economical package.
Il -v,tver, it will be a preat convec
i ;ert. particularly for small families,
a they, will on'? be obliged to buy
U.e.ve pounds of substitutes and by
I buying in small lots they will be able
I to .ilance thek- stock of substitutes.
1 West Uneffected
People in ths West have not to an
i exfcr.t been in-ionvenienced by the
j Fmxi Administration rulings, and have
j not experienced the extreme shortage
jot sugar that fared consumers in the
I eastern states. There is some crti
: ci.'n; by consumers of prices on staples
dealers can appreciate the results
tilieady attained by the Food Adminis
j tr.vt en. Trices. H is true, are still
; high on a number of items, but it must
j bs remembered that the prices on
fc.;i staples have declined since the
' Foed Administration orders went into
It fftct. There is no doj.bt but that the
I Frod Administration has prevented
the prices of many foods soaring be
yonii reach.
Sr. me of the largest handlers of food
,ro.:ncts in this country have volun
jtocrTd their services to the Food Ad
ministration each an expert in his
l'e. In turn the various state Food
, Administrators have organizcations
: composed of experienced men who
' have volunteered their services in this
wnrk. The public must remember that
j these members of the Tood Adminis
: traiion are at their service and will
; iiiix-stlgate their complaints. If rtie
jieonle object tj the prices on any
! item or to any particular ruling cited
i to iLem by a retailer, they should take
the matter up with their county Food
i Administrator lor investigation, that
j is. provided tho grocer's explanation
U not satisfactory to them.
I Substitutes Available
; Consumers shouJd not circulate re-1-oits
relative to the alleged discover
ies of ground Klass or poison in food
pioducts. If they are reasonably sure
i that food products have been tamper
ed 'th. the matter should be taken up
i t:t.ictly with ha authorities. If con-
: (Continued on Page Six)
Work Accomplished
dom of country have not yet enrolled
; n the great work of humanity.
The Jiggerville work for the past
! 12 days' vork sheweo; 0 pairs paja
ma suits, 41 hospital coats. 23 bath
robes. 25 napkins. 13 dozen bed socks.
9 pairs bed slippers.
Almort without exception, those
sewing are also knitting. A few un
able to be present have greatly aided
by sending in a lunch to the workers.
' thus aflding a few .ours to the work
; er3" time each month. There is just
as much need for help now as when
the chapter was organized, and ail
the wemen of Jiggerville and Lowell
are urged to help. The sewiug rooms
are open Tuesdays. Wednesdays and
Thursdays from 9:30 to 5 o'clock.
Come, do your bit that you. too, may
chare iu the blessing "Well done,
i thou Kcod and faithful servant."
l''i irf-'-i
IS
1 1-1 .-.-v.vi.'l J i?-'.J' -WW
;AMERICAN iW, ALWAYS HEROIC,
WILL REPEAT
"Three ships of war had Preble when
he left the Naples shore. ,
And the kniglitly Mn of Naples lent
him seven galleys more;
And never since the Aro floated ia
the Middle Sea.
Such rohlf? men and gallant have
sailed in company
As the men who went wh Treble to-
the siece of Tripoli.
Stewart. Kainbri.lge, Hull D-Jratur
how their names r:n? out like
geld!
Lawrence. Porter, Trippe. XIardon-'
ouzh. and a score as true and bold.
From Iteuhen James, by James Jef
frey Roche.
"At half-past 1 the squadron stood
for the batteries; at 2 they cast off
the gunboats; at half past 2 the signal
was given for the bomb vessels and
boats to advance and attack, aud in
15 minutes after the signal was given
general action was becun ty the bomb
vessels throwing shells into the
city."
Thus was begun in 1S03 one of tV
most brilliant engagements in the his
tory of war an engagement that as
founded the world powers because it
was instituted by the infant United
States .and because it ended forevet '
the paying of tribute to the piratical
Barbary nations.
With Commodore Preble sailed a
group of intrepid young offi'-ers whos
names and deeds then and later fur-,
nished the traditions that have In a'
largei measure Tiiade the navy of the
United States ivincible.
"Stewart, Bain bridge. Hull Decatur ,
, how their names ring like gold!
Lawrence, Porter, Trippe, Mardon-
ough, and a score as true and
bold."
' Now. 113 years since those men be
came famous, and the first tfme since
then that an American fleet has been
engaged in European watPrs -now, tn
the world war. the namesakes of those
naval heroes cf a century pas? are
engaged against a cemmon foe. These
namesakes, destroyers, are b:ut!irgto
clear the eeas of the plraticaf subma
rines, just as in the past those for
whom the destroyers aro named end
ed pitaoy on the high seas and stopped
the paving of tribute. - .
The record of the American navy
throughout the years has been one of
.heroic deeds and victory. The Revo-,
lution. the war or that of 1812. i
the campaign against the Barbary
powers, the Civil war. the Spanish
American war each produced its na
val heroes.
And now the world war! !
Are the heroic deeds of naval his-:
torv to be repeated?
They are without a dcuM! The of-t
Ecers of the navy cf today h.ie de
voted iheir lives to suily of the deeds
of their predecessors. They havr
trained themselves for the task of de
t.. . .' 1 ' Ur'i i tuf-
: -".riiW-x'
VMdl BUUUG AT h'jTC.i-3 . A' C-
immediately on the declaration of war and men who are held
as suspects ho have been arrested in various parts of the
ccun'iiy. These rr.cn arc held in can cr djienticn posts
ibro-.igi-.f.ut Lhc U.rdcd Sirs. Most of the camps are placed
at or n.:ar sarrs ;r.'Utary cua jllshrroi. where JcIJiers of the
rcqulr Unitrd States army are d;rectly in chargs of their
guetdirg erd wciiars. "They ars permitted the iieedom of
their s'cckaclf. cr o?bzr quarters in vhich they aie held, are
he'd, ere fi.irnisled t! res rejular and suLstaniial meels daily,
sre? have little or ro work to atlend. Generally thry are sat
irficd, ccntcr.t-cd ar.d h?ryy, and they are provided with the
izir.c carT'-! itier.'n sj Zin iddisrs of the rejvhr army.
DEEDS OF HISTORY
feating the Germany navy, and vic
tory in the end is certain.
Battleships and cruisers of the navy
are named for states and cities. The
destroyers are named for famous na
val officers, and a destroyer flotilla
is on duty abroad. The names of the
destroyers making up this flotilla are
withheld from the public at the gov
ernment's request; therefore, in the
articles to follow, giving briefly some
of the deeds of the men for whom
destroyers are named, no mention will
be made of the whereabouts of the
destroyers. It is safe to say that each
destroyer named in these articles, if
not now engaged, will within a short
time be doing its share of the navy's
hues task.
Traditions, how much they mean to
every one! Why should not new his
tory bo written by men commanding
vessels whose Tery names mean the
most self-sacrificing, most heroic, most
glorious of naval deeds!
An interesting fact In naval history
Is ihit seven of the nine men named
in the above verse commanded the
must famous ship In early naval an
nals. In "The Romance of the Ameri
can Navy," Frederick Stanhope Hill
says:
- "It is very doubtful if the naval
history of any nation can show a more
brilliant record for a vessel of her size
than was made during the first 15
years of the past century by the little
12-gun schooner Enterprise, afterward
rigged as a brig.
"During heir very active service in
the West Indies, In the war between
the United States and France in 179S
9, as well as later in the Mediterra
nean, where she took part in our con
flict with the Beys or Tunis and
Tripoli, the Enterprise invariably gave
a good account ot herself, as might
have been expected when we note the
men. afterward famous in naval his
tory, who as lieutenants commanded
her.
"Among thes were the sturdy Isaac
Hull. 10 years later the gallant com
mander of the Constitution, and Ste
phen Decatur, whose heroic exploit in
the destruction of the Philadelphia in
the bay of Tripoli was the prelude to
a long and brilliant . . '. Other
captains of the little Enterprise were
Charles Stewart, who whea in com
mand of the Constitution captured the
Cyane and Levant; Dav.d Porter of
Essex fame,-father of the late admiral
of the navy; and among her officers
were James Lawrence, the "Bayard
of the Sea." who gave up his life on
the deck of the ill-fated Chesapeake;
Joseph Bainbridge, and Thomas Mao
donouh, who gained the glorious vic
tory over the British on Lake Cham
plain." Another fact worthy of mention is
that four of these men commanded
the Constitution, affectionately called
"Old Ironsides," the last ship that
links the of.l navy with the new. SIX
THE BISBPE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 10. 1918.
Ad&iionaJjOty Briefs
REGISTERED IN PHOENIX.
V. Bradley an.1 Oscar Hoitz of this
city registered at the Jefferson
Hose! in Puoenrc.
LEFT FOR FT. RILEY.
H. Abrahams left yesterday tor Ft.
Riley. Kansas, where he goes to report
for duty after spending a few days
here on a visit "o r)-"1
c:!r for hire, was fined 2" in J'U;
Fisli'n co irt yesierday 'or Jtoilil it a;
can to a gasoline tank nelona'n;; tjj
t'le auti.niobile of U. M. Phi'.braoW. :
The efficers have been looking nr!
r-.'m for several days but could not J
find his car. He was seen to takej
lie cap at the t'r.ie but the watcners,
"ere only able to get the numbe- ol.
h!s car.
prosress on the bridge across the San
Pwlro east of jlenson and that a con
tract has been let for grading and sur
facing the four miles of road between
Don Luis and Kaco to Wilson & Dun
ham. Warren Brothers have equip
ment assembled to complete the pav
ing of the rouDty road between Lowell
and Warren.
I
WAS IN DOUGLAS.
M. J". Cunnirrfm, of the Bank of
" Eisbee. was io Douelas yesterday on (
a short business trip connected -with j
the bank. returaed during the I
late afternoon " j
ON LEGAL BUSINFSS. j
Attorney Fri.d Suilr 'eft at n'I't i
on tre (;!!:. Stye T.ifvle.l for JteJ-j
l-n'is. "V!.. where h" w;is caii d mm
le--':.l ijiisine-s. H- expects to be I
rf.ne (or several da v.. t
I
EUS'NESS MEETING. !
TLerc w iil be a bus'ness meeting 01 i
tlia I'resbytfiian Woman's league
tic)d in the church oc Wednesday aft j
ernocn at 2:30. A'! mexbers are r
Quested to be !n atteaian.ee.
i
WILL MEET WEDNESDAY. j
The Arizona Orphan Association :
will, meet on Wednesday afternoon at j
the residence of Mrs. Lackner at
Black Knob, V'arren. Everyone inteN
eted is invited.
WAS IN CITY.
A. II. Gardner, manager of the Hua
chuca Water Company in Tombstone,
and a member of the Cochise County
Ro:.d Commission, was in the city yes
terday on a short visit while on his
way to and from Douglas, where he at
tended a meeting of the board.
VISITING FRIENDS. j
William Lutley and w ife ot Tomb- j
stone were in the city yesterday for a
short visit to friends. Mr. Lutley is :
one of the pioneer citizens of the state
and hauled freight into Prescott and j
other mining camps in early days as ;
well as in a number of places in Co
chise county. He now is interested in
cattle in Ieslie Canyon. They return-'
ed home late lasi evening.
1
HAS LEASED RANCH.
Advices were received nere last
evening to the effect that Hon. ".I. H.
Slaughter, own' r of the han Bernardi
no n ull, has so.d the cattle and leas
el the ranch to parties from Texas.
The r.y pec-tat ion is that the Slaughters
will now establ'sh their home in Doug
las. Mr. Slaughter is the owner of
considerable valuable pioperty there
and many friends would be ready to
extend a welcome to them as citizens
of the Copper City.
TO VISIT BROTHER.
Lou Birdino of upner Ioweit tert
last n'ght on tn Golden State Limit
ed for Phoenix where he was called
on account of the er:ous illness of
his brother. John J. Birdino, of the
U. S. land office. Lou will remain in
Phoenix for a few weeks with his
brother. Lou has Just recovered suf
ficiently from a broken leg to be able
to be about without the aid of crutches.
He will be able to assist in the care
cf his brother, however.
EUTCHER BIRDS ACTIVE.
Residents of Tombstone canyon ari
warned to be on the iookcut for butch
er birds snd see that they do not leave:
their canary bird" cat or they wili
'ind tins dead. Yesterday at the
homo cf Clias. W. Roberts on Brophv
avenue, one bird kMled six small '
cai. crier.. He cut their heads off as:
c!ear. as if the work has been done;
r'-fr a kniie All were found dead in j
the cage wit'i the heais missing.
WERE IN CITY.
William Stephenson and family
were in the city ye-terday fr;m their
rpr.ch near the Dixie canyon. Mr.
Stephenson sts'es that the w?eds and
Same grass has started up and thai
another rain or snow and warm weafti
er will soon furnish some green feed
for. the cattle. He has lost but a
few Iread this winter on this ranse.
He and his brother recently sold their
range in Greenlee county. They lost
quite a number of head on that ran-.e.
Personal Items j
William Colter of Alpine. Texas, h
spendlns a few days in the city.
Jefferson Davis of San Francisco
is registered at the Copper Queen
hotel.
M. Hatley, of Tucson, was in th
city yesterday on a s'lort Imo'n ' s
visit.
Douglas Gray of Tombstone was in
the ci'y y?steri!ay on p. shir.' uti.il-
j ntb" trip.
R, H. Knapp, is r. Warren district
! visitor from his home in Colora J
DECLARED NOT GUW.TY.
The jury in !.e csue of Alolf A)o!n:
er. in Juofre High's court yeter.h'y
af'erpcon. reu'ler-'d a verdict oT not
guilty after being out bit a short
time. He ira tr'erl cn a charge of
having disturbed the peace.
ncim in ui T, I
James Kelly and wi'e were in the
city yesterdav from tfceir ranch in the'
vicinity of Orr canyon in the Hua-i
thucr. mountains. Mr. Kei'v reports;
that there is considerable m!nlng ac-f
tivity in that localit" and qv.ile a
quaiility of sl.c-elite be:ns tnl.en out'
and fchipped.
ON INSPECTION TRIP.
Charles H. Hoitzr, district com
nercial rif.naer c f the Western Un-?'-n
Tcle-ranh conipanv for Arizona,
i'h nea !quartrs at Tucson, was In
the city yesterday on a short business
trip and took the Golden State out for
his home last night. Charlie was for
merly in the employ of the E. P. &
S W. railroad company and was sta
tioned at various places along the
line. He was known among the rail
road men as "Yaqui."
HAS RESIGNED.
J. F. Ryan, who has been acting :.s
county engineer for the past five
years In Cochise county will tender his
resignation to the board of superv:
ors at their first meeting in April.
It 5111 take effect on the first of that
month as he will begin his duties
with the county Highway Commissi.m
on that date. His successor will be
appointed by the board of supervisors
at their meeting on that date.
company's production, at fnaf same
themer. of Bayard Vlllier's enormo.:
melodrama, Within th? lJv," am:
,'ollowed by remaining eight niontns
at the Cort theater, in Chicago. Its
welcome, however, was assured oven
before the endorsement of tis X?w
York run.
Avery Hopwood. its author. Is a'.so
M-ithor of ' Seven Days" and "Nobody's
Widow." in which Blanche Bate
"tarred for a year. And Selwyn &
company, Its producers, have establish
ed their reputation for picking wn
rers bv "Within the Law," le.
Cover," "Twin Beds." argaret 111 r;i
fn in "The Lie," -Under Fire," and
Jane Cowl in "Lilac Time.'
rair ana nsrmei n anrinpi
laic j. i u i r. ' . . ... . . t
domesticated I
husband with never a thought beyond i the city yesterday cn
his hearthstone, and the o'her a , npss mt.
V.ormin little wife whose whole idea; C. R. l)r)ii)e; of Toualas, was reu
f life has been gleaned from the istered at the Coj.per Queen hotel
in cf mother's apron strings, s id yesterday.
denly discovers thai their respec'tve R. W. Anderson, ! commercial man
partners in matrimony have broiivas in tlie city ye.st -rdty on a bw
havinr times more gay than cre-tt-; ness trio.
I able and. with eo.ua! suddenness, de l ?drs. Ciias. H Edmundson, of Cann-
clde to be revenged. They can thruk nea, was l:i the dty ye. terdt y on i
o! nothing better to do than some short shopping icur.
thing as wicked as their spouses have M. W. I ang left yesterday for Foe
b-?en guilty of bu having no prac-.Lake Arthur oil fields where he will
i!ce in wickedness, thev find that they j remain for a few days.
.annot anm it very well. All they get: Capt. and Mrs. J. F. Harrington .f
Is a heavy back-fire. 1 the United States army are registered
It Is precisely the sort of Idea ; at th- Copper Queen hotel,
vhich Avery Hopwcod knows b-ist- O. W. Stacy, a prominent citizen of
how to handle, to. give its fullest tar- the smelter city was in the ctiy last
-ical flavor, and to d'H-orate with Iii3 evenng on a short visit,
"visest and most profouft social com-1 H. D. H. Moorni of the 10th liel 1
E. Watson of Phoenix wis i
;hort bu
Administration's
Food Restrictions
j.
t 'outinuil from P;tg Five
CIVEN COMMISSION.
Advices were received here yester
day that Tommy Maddoz who was
state engineer under Campbell al
ministration, has received a commis
sion as captain in the engineers' corps
and is now in Washington awaiting
an assignment. He has the best
wishes cf his 'many friends In Ce
chise county as well as in the state
fgr successful career in his efforts to
do his bit for the country.
?ACK FROM PHOENIX. ;
Maj-ir F. E. Shine, has returned j
from Phoenix where he wa called on .
busings rennerted with his official I
position. He suites ti at Phoenix is i
quite lively at the present time tnd !
that the hotels r.3re tire crowded ev-
en- n'rht rr.d it behooves one to
wire there 'n ai'vance if they expect I
to secure accomodations. j
V.'AS FIN'FD FIFTtilN. !
H. D. W?r-i. w?-o d-ives a Pcdol
AUTO ACCIDENT.
Ancty.er auto accident occurred over
the grade on Friday niiht in which
two men were injured. One of them
had hisare badly cut and the other'
suffered a number of bruises and had
three ribs broken. They were on their;
way from here to Winkleman and "both ,
were somewhat under the influence of,
liquor. The car was quite badly ;
damaged. The names of the two men
could not be learned. i
COUNTY ROAD WORK. j
Cotimy Engin-rcr Ryan was In Doug-'
las yesterday to rttend the meeting of j
the Caunty Highway Commission and j
returned home late last evening. Mr.
Ryan says that he is now making good '
IS
COMING TO DISTRICT
The latest farce by Avery Hopvood.
and the greatest farce hit of its
d'jeade. "Fair and Wamver," will'te
r-resented by Selwyn and comnany at
the Orpheura theater on Tuesday eve
ning. This brilliantly successful play ran
for one , year at the Eltinge theater
nith a great patronage than any ptece
1 as long Broadway since Selwyn &
r;r':fe?VYS BEST IN TH. LONG RUN i 'itlPi v;
i-,Vr. 'ik f'. - V-S
s i??- ' v-' f K --7-- 1-1 V'"'N Si?,'
plgThi Plsspra:foris
give -5 sV 4.
WW
g "WW. T.te1bS i
mentary. It is three acts of unfing-
glng hilarity.
WOMEN TO ASSIST
BLINOED SOLDIERS
artillery at Camp Harry Jones, was n
j BIsbee visitor yesterday.
R. T. Feiand, of Phoenix, was in tho
. city yesterday and registered at th'
Copper Queen hotel. f
Thomas Feire, of Camp Harry Joncn,
Douglas, was n Pisbee visitor ls;.t
evening and will spend Sunday in rhj
district.
George H. Skinner, of the Demo
crats mine at Cananea was in the
Members of the American, Belgium, city yesterday cn a short business
French, British Permanent Blind Re- trip.
lief War Fund for soldiers and sai"-; a. R. Sanders and rvife are rcent
ors are urged In special call from the arrivals in the city and will make their
chairmen for this district. Mrs. .Anna future home here. They came from
Shine, to meet at the Y. M. C. A. build- Per?.sU. Texas.
Ing Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock. A. H. Brush, a drummer, who matcos
Special business of an urgent ch9r- San Francisco his headquarters was
acter will be transacted at the meecin the city yesterday on one of "us
Ing. t regular trips.
The organization of the war fund in John Babalis. Arizona representative
this district was inaugurated last Oc- of the Big Five Oil company, left yes
tober, when more than thirty members terday on a business trip to Phoenix,
were enrolled in the work. State . Douglas and Jerome,
much has been accomplished of a. Lieutenant W. K. Nieresi, cf iho
permanent character, and at the meef- nth field artillery of Camp Harry
ing Monday plans Cor extending the. Jones, was a guest at the Copper
usefulness and activities of the or-1 Queen hotel last night,
ganization will be discussed. A work-; J. Connolly and wife Heleu left
Ing program for'th" Immediate fir last night on the Golden Stote LJii'i
ture will be outlined, and other de-.d for f trip to California. Mrs. Con
tails taken up and disposed of. , nolly has been working in the water
Among other features of the meet- office,
ing will be the reading of the r?port Dr. Lang, ocal representative of the
by Mrs C. S. Thompson, chairman, of ! Lake Arthur Oil company, which owns
the results of a series of chain bridge ; a number of wells near Roswell, In
parties which have been held in tho j the Pecos valley, left yesterday to
Interest of the organization. AH men-. visit one of the new wells which was
bers and others in the district inter- ' brought In last Tuesday. He expects
ested In the work are urged to at- to return to Bisbee within the next
tend the meeting. ten days.
suncrs feel thu dealers are not living
u; to the Food Adininisl ration rulings,
ii 's their duty to report such matters
") 1 lie authorities.
'be following are the authorized
K-il.titutes for wheat flo .r within this
district:
Commeal
Corn Starob
Hominy. Pearl
Hominy Grits
Oatmeal
Rolled Oats
Rice
Potato Florr
Buckwheat Flour, pure only.
1 he al.ov ar now procurable in
Bi-i ee. Ru''kwhit Flour as referred
10 above is th? pure buckwheat flour
nni' not the prepared pcknge goods
mi h as pancake flour, self-raising
tii-ur, etc.is such .products contain a'
f rentuge of wheat flour.
,i he following s'lli. titutes win he oh
ni:i:'!!e in Bisbee within one week:
Barley Flo ir
Milo Maize Flour
ii!o Maize Meal
The following substitutes authorized
ry the Food Administration are' not
r i-'iiinable in Bisbee at the present
t-iie:
Sweet Potato Flour
i Soya Bean Flour
Rice Flour
! ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
I PHONE 29
Lift Off Corns
Doesn't Hurt!
Few drops stop soreness, then
corn or callus lifts off
with fingers.
T
HALLENGE every tire before you
Make:
alitv Tested. Make it show
f LUl- TM"W. " J J
i the countersien of tire supremacy, the Goodrich trade-
mark, if a tire answers "Goodrich Tested," buy it.
It is a friend.
It will give you full and lasting service because its service,
put to the nation-wide road test of Goodrich Test Car Fleets, has
measured up to the Goodrich standard of tires, the Tested of
TESTEDfiaigTIRES
There is no risk with the tire that can give the password
"TESTED," for no weakness, no structural failing, could hide
itself during ths month to month, season to season, testing of
the Test Car Fleets.
SILVERTOWN CORDS, and BLACK SAFETY TREADS,
challenged America's roads, and under light and heavy cars
foutf.t sar.d, gravel, and rock, in rain, mud, snow, and slush,
and defeated them. The spiral-wrapped, cable-cord tire body
stocd staunch 32ainst the hammering of mountain trails. The
ciose-clutch, cross-barred, non-skid black safety tread, baffled
the teeth of desert and prairie paths.
Demand this password of all tires before you buy, and
you wi'l get tha durability, dependability, and economy of
the tires which the roads of every region of our land proclaim,
"America's Tcstsd Tirec"
THE B. F. GOODRICH RUBBER COMPANY
Phoenix Branch: 139 N. First St., Phoenix, Ariz.
Lsvwd twerywhsva
M
yonr pi. J
s triotiam tr i
S your sacri- C
( fic- i
( Bar War S
v n c J
Stamp. 1
5 OSI MS t 5
( mrr froiHca) 1
( Branch ana
( at
X
tm
' - TtiE CITY OF GOODRICH - AKRON , OHIO. S'ZXtl
isbee Auto Company
Upfer Main St
AGENTS
Phone 5
If One Makes a BETTER
Garment for LESS Money
He Needs No Location in
the High Rent District
Get the habit of walking one block from the high rent
dsitrict to our store in the Hughes Block. You will
save one-third by trading with us.
LADIES:
It is no wtime to place your order for your new
Suits
AT THE "FASHION SHOP"
Easter is now a few short weeks away. Spring is likely
to arrive any day. Don't wait until the rush is on we
can give you better service now.
Authentic
Paris Models
Exclusive Fabrics .
The fashions of world famous designers are here for
your choosing. Each model is authentic and offers ycu
the opportunity to have true style at a reasonable price.
Suits $35 Up
To Order
Lined, trimmed and finished in our usual high-class
manner.
We make up garments from your own materials. Re
modeling and relining.
OxUITMAN'S
F ASHIONABLE
Ladies' Tailor and Importers j
Phone 74. Hughes Block, Opposite Central School
The world owes thanks
to the genius in Cincin
nati who discovered freoi
one. Tiny bottles or the ma?
Ic fluid can low be had at
any drug store for a few
cents. You simply apply
a few drops of freezone
upon a tender, aching corn
or a hardened callcs. In
stantly the soreness dis
appears and shortly you
will find the corn or cal
lus so loose and shriveled
that you lift it off with
the fingers. Not a bit of
pain or soreness is felt
J3 J I I or afterwards. It doesn't
'w I I even Irritate the skin or
W j nes,...
LI I . I J for a few cents one can
lJf now get rid of every hard
corn, soft corn, or corn between the
toes, as well as painful calluses on
boi torn of , feet. Everyone who triej
freezone becomes an enthusiast be
cause it really doesn't hurt or pain
one particle.
Ladies! Keep a tiny bottle on the,
dres&er and never let a corn or callus'
ache twic. !
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor & Builder
Ettlrr.atis furnished on al! classes
of Buildings.
TBEE ME LAST
Phone Green 782.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
OK ST.
Contractor and Builder
ESTIMATES AND PLANS FURN
ISHED. WM. McpOUGALL
Opposite Lincoln School
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bid?.. Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129 1
J
Announcement
We take pleasure in an
nouncing that in keeping
with our policy of har.illin
nothing but the best we now
have a stock of
MURESCO
Wall Tints
There is no better tint made
tor beauty of color and dur
ability. See that your walls are
tinted with nothing but
MURESCO, it does not rub
off or fade.
Remember our ether stock
is of the same class and our
Diices are no more.
Gibson-Hines
Lumber Co.
J. W. F. SMITH, Manager
Phone SS
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Vour
Patronage
-PHONE 53
BIS3EE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Wareiunise & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
The Continental G2sua!iy Cd.
The lar?pst Health and Accident
Insurance Company in the world
Invostisa'o our liberal miners'
Polfiv.
JAS. C ASHMORE, Agt.
P. O. Box 330. City.
- ELECTRIC
DYE WORKS
Suits Clezjied, $1.50.
Suits Called for and Delivered.
Phone 385.
ELECTRIC DYE '
WORKS
BREWERY GULCH.
VVATK1NS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
The H AlTmARK StJrf
EYE NERVE GLASSES
I fit glasses without
drugs, drcps or Uar.
er, and guarantee sat
isfaction. i'Uones: Office loo.
Keslueuce Black 4 JO.
OR. R. GLAZE, Ophthalmologist.
Upstairs, Over Woolworth s Stare.
American
Shoe Shining
Parlor
The only first-class shoe shining
parlcr in town. For la-.iles, gentle
men and children. A also handle
Fresh Cut Flowers Daily
FOREST FLEMING. Prop.
ALLEN BLOCK.
; r
i r.' - df
iAjntirs rx.s rii.LStx
CATARRH
OFTViC
BLADDER
24. Hours
Each Cun- f v
b. ani luofvirvl
Jk Matt ofwmntef few
VWWWWWWVSWWWVA r
i
.'SEVEN
" " .'4
V.v
J
5 -- ' -
-
i
i
z
i
i
i
4.
v
? t
State and Coiihty Neivs Briefs
County Briefs
A baby girl was born to Mrs. J. B.
WillitmB in Webb. Mr. Williams for
tue;ly taught in McNeaL
George Storms of . the Four Bar
ranch has received a special Ifeed cut
ter ;o cut the yucca that grows here
cn the desert, to be fed to their range
cattle. .
tioAii the work and throw a hardship
.-ir(- all the rest of the county. Other
ir.iitieis were up for discussion and dis
pcseu of.
Chrs. Firth has communicated with
l.t nother, .Mrs. H. T:- Firth, now-tn
".:w York. "As will be remembered he
ai on the Tuscania whenorpedoed.'
At ihe time of writing he was in Ire
land. He stated that he was well and
fK-ci'ug more to eat than he ever had
In Is i.- life. No wonder. He was en
.'v!iig genuine Irish hospitality.
A new flag was raised above the!
McNeal school with appropriate er-j
vice last Fiiilay. The flag waves ov-1
vt the school bone every day the I
school is. in session.
Richard Ople. who has been head of
(mo ineat department of the Phelps
TViljre store for the past two years, en
l.lsftd in the feuprly department of th'
i Seventeenth cavalry Wednesday affer-
Mrs. A. A. Porter of Dos Cabeza's : - Immediately after getting his
his been granted a pension of $25 per:' citizenship papers, and passing
month. Her husband, who died a year! ti' physical examination required a.
airs, was an ex-Union soldier. i-"? 1up
P;e Price of Light killed three moun
tain ions and one wolf recently. They
have been killing cattle on his ranch.
Cfft preparation are In progress
for ;he meeting of the Cochise-Graham
C'.ttlc Growers' Association sched
He secured some excellent dogs which 1 n'td to take place on the 15th and 16tb
he employs in hunting down these ' of this month. The people of Willcos
beasts of prey. itt working unanimously for the sufc-
! crs of this meeting and are arranging
A big snow and rain storm passed j . give the visitors the time of their
thiough the Sulphur Spring valley last live Some of the finest ropers in the
eek. which caused the farmers to j world will be there and the rodeo wli:
start their spring plowing. Many . far- I o exceedingly entertaining as well as
ir.ert are planting Irish potatoes' as 'exciting Such men as Ed Echo.-r.
tbse potatoes do well in this valley. Cny McGonigal and Black Jack Glle;
pvC others as famous will be there an(
The Rev. David A. Bridge recently exhibit their skill. Broncho bustinf,
earn from Califronla to accept the i8 furnish its .thrills. A fine
pastorate in McXeal and held services 'aing of calves have been furnished
at the McXeal schoolhouse last Sun-j 1 v ,OCiri stockmen for roping purposes
i.y. He wiU hereafter hold services 1 3 r-A wil1 be specially trained to make
every Sunday morning at 11 o'clock tSi'-' " krd to roPe-
sharp. Although Rev. Bridge is a .
MrtLodist the services are for all de- Douglas will present the new 308th
nominations. j cavalry with tbe regimental colors, ot
. fer of which already ha gone forth
The Wilcox Bank & Trust Company from E. R. Pirtie. Formal precnta
bas ; ist receive! a new vault door and tion ceremonies will be held at rone
cjribinstion which they are Installing : time yet to be designated, proonblv
li ! their modern banking house. I when the new 'egiment begins to as
. !i?lt Wilcox Is not booming, yet sub- surae skeleton form. No word ha7cl
rtaaual improvements are constantly been received f m the war depart
be:n made. nient concerning the matter of recruit
. ing the new regiment from the drafted
The Tombstone Commercial Club - men of Arizona, but definite instruc-n-.isi
Friday night fn regular monthly tions to proceed are .expected daily by
s'ijii and transacted routine bust- the military authorities. The Douglas
n-:. The club took no action on the Chamber of Commerce and Mines har
shutting down of the road work be- not received auv word from Its tele
twe:n here and Bisbee but the general grams sent to 'he Arizona senators
in prrsion see ned to prevail that just and congressmen requesting them tc
Wcanse Bisbee and Douglas wanted lend their influence toward having the
the road completed into Tombstone, war department grant the " request,
that Governor Hunt should not shut i Word was received at headquarters of
Khaki
Trousers
Only a Few Left
But we have enough shirts at one
third off, collars at two f cr a quarter,
suit cases at $1 .45 up, ejx! a complete
line of men's furnishings to satisfy all.
Sse the bargains in our windows.
slit
ip
mm
Golden Rule Store
LOWELL.
"Let Us Sa.'.e You Money.'
the 308th- yesterday that a band was
on its way and would arrive soon. Ap
plications for enlistment in the new
regimtnt continue to come in, but the
applicants in class one of the draft are
informed that tlley will have to wait
for instructions iVom Washington. Oth
era not subject to. military service are
being enlisted.'1' ' '
Brief State Notes
The state tax commission yesterday
nailed to all railroad, telephone ai.d
resident of the Pioneers' Home which
e says, unaer- iu aDie manaeem m
are kt home.
Section 12, NV;NW4 Sec-13, NE'4 'l N'. W. corner, thence, NV 61 degrees 26 establish claim to the land.above de-NEli.-
Section 14, .Township 22-S, ! minutes E. -HOODOO, feet to corner' No. 4. ' is'.nbed. before JareeT.D.. Tailor.' U. S.
cf Eugene J Tripp-I. is in betr sKape! Raur 21 E. Gila Suit River Base fc the X. E, corner, whence S. a degrees t.imnnssioner. at Buoee, Ariiona, on
than it has been at anv time s!nce its ! Mei i.liau. has Hied notice et intentlea 24 minutes 1500.00 ft .to corner No. the 27th day of ..March,. 1518. - .
establishment Mr and Mr, Triune! I to ma'.ts three year Proof, to. establish 1 1, the place" of the beginning, contain- l ( ialmant names as witnesses: (
.v. ot fw.i ,k, ...r. I rhilm tn th land above described. 'be- tine netJirea ot 1T.136 acres. i ' I jonn L. ParkefC. WVPefry. Columbus
inane ."cj. '"J . - rr o. . W.- ,.. .v.. l.i-v Colt. M.. W Otnc n , Wo,
lore jarea i. layiO. U. D. oiiiihib- 1 II lUUiimill uuuto Ul mia uani a ; . '''- . wwmw, v.
Arizona. , . . .
JOHNtL; IRYIN, RegiHter.
Publication Felruary 23, 1918.
Cantain Banta looks youncr and isisioner, at PMsbee. Arizona, on the 19tU recorded in the County Recorder's of-1 ford.
In far better health than when he v as ' day of March. IMS. . ce Cochise rouiity. State - ot Arizona. ,
l"st in Phoenix. He will remain nere I Claimant names as witnesses: ' as follows : Book At, Record of Mines, , It'tt
pnd the south for a month.
A lan;e number of coyote and bor
eal hides have . been , sold by the c
pervisors of Yavapai county 10 a
bboenix firm of junk dealers, caci
n!de having brought the r'ord pr.Ve
of $1.05. In view of the fact thai 1.1
years gone by the hides foM at prices
which ranped from 20 cents to 71
rents each, it will be seen that U.o
pelts will n?t the rnutity a nij' h
William A. Lyth. Corneil Wltvoet, Ger
rit Witvoet. X'olunibus T. Stoltz, all of
Hereford. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN, Register. .
First publication February 16. 1918.
Adv. 203
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
I. S. LanI Office. Phoenix. Arizona,
Jf"hruary 23. 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Joseph
Stonis of Hereford, Arizona, who 0:1
telegraph ompanles in the state iv- 8rMttr."um.Ka b 6 tWn I October IS. 1913. made Homestead En
port blanks which, under provisions
f the statutes, must be completely
FUed out and filed in the offic; i.-f
tbe tax commission on or before the
.irst Monday In June.
Joseph Burton, who last fall forel
lie name, of Robert Chapin, a New
York Jeweler, to a check for $o0j.)
and succeeded in cashing It at the
P"escott State bank, will plead guilty
Dd take his medicine. Burton v. as
-aptured at the Presidio, where he
bad joined the army.
Jean V. Spear, former city editor
of the Arizona Record, will shortly
leave his home in Phoenix for Kei'y
Meld, near San Antonio, Tex., hcr3
&e will enter the service as a conimis-
Scfy storekeeper in the aviation Pec-.
:ion of th signal corps. Jean Specr
is the son of Billie Spear, editor of
tbe Arizona Republican.
J. E, Gavin, former rate clerk of
the state corporation commission, ha.?
jeen promoted to the position of of
tidal reporter, filling the office lie ?
for some time by J. M. Phillipow.ri.
who resigned to become the Cochise
ounty superior court reporter.
Hugh L. Cassidy, for the last :w-.
rejirQ Assistant t thA atatta atirl!tir
has acc-pted the position of chief acknowledged receipt o! it.
pected in other years.
Governor Hunt today announced 'he
calling of a special session of he Ail
zona legislature at a date to be I iter
fixed probably in June. The goernr:
s:ys that the call will be made In
justice to the thousands of Arizoni
sons who have given their all to t.-.ku
up the fight for world democracy.
The call will specify legislation
giving soldiers the franchise in iz
nortant state elections this year.
Xaticnal prohibition and won.!"
suffrage, if the latter question Is sub
mitted by congress, will be incluled
In the call.
The 'udeinent obtained by George
W. P. Hunt against Tom Campbell aa
coets in the contest has no been ful
!v satisfied, -more than -$5000 having
ten pafd to Hunt by Can:pbeH's at
torneys. Ak Hunt bad previo'.ttly
raised most; 0 the costs of the con
test among working men. the payment
f velvet to him unless it Is paid to
Lis attorneys who were amply re
warded by appointment to office.
Whether Hunt will return the
money to the subscriber Is not stat
ed. It was reported that he would
eive the salary which Campbell earn
?d and was ptiid to Hur.t. to the I'e1
Cross, but this organisation has 101
(try No. 023537 for W j SW '4. S V;
NW , Sec. 3S. 'i p. K. 21-K an i
on October 23. 1519, made additional
homestead entry No. 02S636. for N Vs
NW 'i and W '4 NE Section 33.
Township 23-S. Range 21-E, G. & S. R.
B. Meridian, has filed notice ot inten
tion to make three year proof, to es
tablish claim to tbe land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor. U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on
the first day of April. 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Uosph Zaleski. Dayton L. Grahar.
Jr., both of Hereford. Arizona; Lewi?
T. Wolfe, eBn Morgan, both of Career,
Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN. Register
First Publication March 2. 1913.
Last Publication April 1, 131S.
clerk of tbe state engineer's depart
n.ent under B. A. Atwood liefore go
ing to work for the state auditor C as
sidy was connected with the Baber
Asphalt Paving company.
Hunt was -able to pay off his - on
test indebtedness by reason of Uir
contributions from labor men in thj
Globe-Miami and Clifton-Morencl d!s
tricts.
PRIMARY. ELECTION CALL
at page 4.1'.
The names of the adjoining claims : .
are: North. Blue Bird, unsnrveyed, .
oTid byvthe Copper Queen Con. Mg. Cigbee Ariz Fehruarv lt 19H
Company. East. Bisbee Queen, unsur-l Ariz., t ebruary IS, 1918.
veved. owned bv C. W. Raraho; South.'! .V" ? V " ? J d
White Bird, unsurveyed. owned by H.1?,?? mnA?in
,-,.w.. v i. iioon- w.t : "! tor tho tity of Bisbee, under the
Silver Lead, lunsu'rveyed. owned by C. V?1' '3W.re!alin l? pfim.f,7
W. Ram bo. !
J. U IRVIN. Register.
First publication Feb. 28, 1918.
elections, cr. the 2d day of April, 1918,
for the pilrpose of voting for candi
dates for the several parties to be
nominated for the following offices:
TKa I ..... ., .-.I ..;..
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION 'f"' , ....
" -Maa uivo ii uiu a it ov mi u
Department of the Interior I therein.
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix, Ar-! Two Aldermen from the Second
i.'.ona, February 16. 1918. Ward therein.
NOT ICE is hereby given that William Two Aldermen from the Third Ward
A. l.yth. of Hereford, Arizona, who, on therein.
April 12. 1913, made Homestead Entry The City Party Committee of the
No. 02212S. for NV4SW4. SW4SWVi
Sec. 23. SEUSE. Sec. 22. and on
April 17. 1916. mede additional Hd. En
try No. 030078 for SHXW44. SE'i
SWVl. Sec. 23 and NEU-NWi, Sec. 26
Township 22-S. Range 21-E. G. & S. R
B. & Meridian, l as filed notice ot in
tention to make three year Proof, to
several parties of the number pro
scribed by law for each party.
That such election shall be held for
the nomination of candidates by all
political parties and for the nomina
tion of non-partisan candidates, if any.
M. U BCTLER, City Clerk.
650
TENNIS TOURNAMENT
SCHEDULED; ALL ABE
INVITED TO SIGN UP
Governor Hunt returned on Wed
re?day from Fort Grant, whre he
SDent three days visiting the statj !n
dustrial school for the boys and girls
st mat place. Tne governor rrou u
with him to Phoenix six young b. y.--j
vho hed been paroled from the in.lui-- J
trial school and for whom homss w-;rv
(ound in the vicinity of Phoenis, ihe
boys being accomplished young farm- Tennis will soon hold the front ran
ers. . j in local sports for a time with the T.
I W. C. A. announcing a tournament ti.
! t . i , . , , .
Bids will oe opened on March ,i i 'luue men s singit,. women s singei-
men s aounies, women s oouDies an ,
mixed doubles. A large number c
I racquet wieders have already signed
up to enter tne lourney ana everyon
oe opened on March ..i
or th John I.a'z hotel on the Irian
rle lot opposite the Southern Paoi'io
station at Congress and Tenth stres.
il was announced yesterday. Tfce
r'ans were submitted yesterday to
the contractors. The hotel is to te
erected by Judge William H. Sawtelte
and Leo Goldschnudt. with Mosc
i.rachnian. as prime mover hi or?an
t7ing the combination. The plans cal.
or 84 rooms with thoroughly rooltr::
equipment.
7udee Frank Rudkin. of the fedcr.it
in the city lio Ikies the net game b
invited to participate.
Miss Bernice McJ'urdy. girls" secre
tary at the Y. W.. is in charge of tin
tournament ii dwill make an an
nouncement soon as to the opening
date and when the drawings for part
ners and opponents will be held.
The games will be played on the Y.
W. C. A. cement court and as then-
are some excellent tennis players here
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of Interior.
U. S. Land Office. Phoenix, Arizonc.
February 25. 1918.
Notice is hereby given that George
W. Keahey ot Bisbee. Arizona, who. o::
July 7. 1916. made Homestead Enrr
No. 030367, for S section 2, Town
ship 22-S, Range 25-E. G. & S R. B.
Medidian, has filed notice of ii'rt'.oi
to make three year proof, to establisl.
claim to the land above described, bt
fore Jared D. Taylor. U. S. Comml? I
sioner. at Bisbee. Arizona, on the firsl i
day of April, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses: j
Edward E. Thomas, Charles K j
Thomas, both of Bisbee, Arieona ; Aur ,
ust F. Borngo. of Lowell. Arizna; J
Keller HogA. of Bisbee. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN. Register !
First Publication March 2. 1918. i
Last Publication April 1. 1918. j
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT. ;
Mineral Survey No. 3384.
TJ. S. Land Office. Phoenii. Arizont.
February 28, 1918.
Notice Is hereby given that Samue'
Sutcliffe, C. W. Ram bo and Carl Sniitl.
whose postoffice addresses are Bisbee
Arizona, have made application for :
patent for the Winnebago lode niininr
claim, situated in Warren Mining Dif
trict. Cochise County. State ot Arize
na. in Sec.'ion 7. (unapproved) Towr.
ship 23. south, range 24 east, G. & 6
R. B. & M., which clahu is Uescrilx
i as follows, to-wit.
Beginning at corner No. 1, the S. F
corner, whence the U. S. M. M. No. 1
Warren Mining District bears S. 7'.
decrees 37 minutes east. 8754.1 feef
thence S.'61 degrees 26 minutes W
GOO." fwt to corner No. 2, the S. W
corner, theice N. 5 degrees 24 minute:
east, 1500.00 feet to corner No. 3, the
A id - Ami I rf Ctnl-ono n-ill ml. .v r
. 7 s . ?k '.jthe tourney should develop some high
rUfte ,fawtP,!exof thhe1. 8es:.i!0,,ir i-1 class Ulenl It is more than prabable
Prescott. from March 19 until Ai.l:, , , chaw t!l,
I and of two weeks" session at I, . . , ,.. .
Notice to the Public
The United Chino Oil and
Refining Co. have moved
their office from I. W. Wat
lice's reai estate office to
Mr. Sasse's candy store,
Main street, Bisbee.
Crouch, Flake & Morgan
AGENTS
h aiiu oi iwo eKs -m:u m i ,.. Vom;J -n,i inv in
Phoen x. as the msult of the pressure j Batch, with tennis players
of business on Judge Sawtelle in Tuc - f b
t-on requiring continuous sess on,! Tnoge wh havJ d to date
here up il June and possibly lonr.;f(Jr h tourney follow.. .
,jne trial oi waiirrKunxe.buperi.i.e.1-, -Women's singles. Harriet Itartlett.
dent of the Navajo Indian reservation Lniiannl Uepan Yda Palf. Marie Bart
vho was indicted at Tucson on a , 0 Cofe Geneweve Stimson
cbarae of perjury in connection w:lhfcnd Jj0wer
ir-c killing ot laaay ninan inuiaa, Mt.n.8 fnpiei t'has. T. Porter. Boh
, the rcservf.tion.wIll come un m , i,evcrley L;avid H. Williams, Allan '
jFrescott I Jones and Syd, Wenhan. !
I . . . , , ' ' ! Women's doubles, Oiga Rodemyer.l
CapUin A. F. Banta arrived in tin ,o l Core, Harriet Bartiett, UUian i
yesterday morning from IToscott j He!;an vda 1aff MaHe Bartiett, Gert-!
Captain Banta is one of the very fc rU(Je Desmond, Mabel A. f auer, Ge
o' the pioneers -?fL There are maiii i neipve Btjmson and - Bernice :c-j
vho are called pioneers because tlry : Curdy f " -; ' '
have lived in Arizona for eonie'hMf. Mn'.8 douWrs; Chas, T. Toner. Syd'
m-re than one generation, ('aj.tafn werthan, Alhin Jones. Bob Pevcrleyi
!?anta has bein a resident for nt.iriyjand )avd B,wtlliams. j
a half centnry and has sen moft o' ; Mixed doubles. Hariet Ilartlett. U1-!
the territory and the state at ci..se . ,jaa kegan yda Taff. Marie Bartiett j
ranse than any other man. living cnand oocyte Stimson. j
lead. It has been Bald that hfl iip i , .
been ov-?r every trail. He has hat to; , ,
i AI'S'iIV Tex.. March 9. The cf-1
do not onlv with the development o
the material resources of Arizona bi't i
he assisted In making its. laws in the
early days.
For nearly a year he has be?-, j
I CENTRAL Bll
TTBliNINGC
'WE ARE AFTER THE ORE'
C! ANTRAL BUTTE wUl soon be fully
equipped with the latest machinery. A 50
horse-power Chicago Pneumatic Air Com
pressor has been purchased from Don Car
penter & Company, EI .Paso, and will be in
stalled es soon as the foundations and. new
gallows frame can be erected. In addition
to operating the hoist, this engine will drive
two air drills.
MAIN SHAFT
CENTRAL BUTTE is not a prospect. Tne Company is now taking cut shipping ore at t!:e 70-foot level,
and it is conceded by all mining nn'n who have examined the property that with very iul.4j more dnptti
CENTRAL-Bl'TTK will encounter solid ore of a much higher grade. Sinking is now n progress but
with the in.-ta'!ation of the additional machinery purchased, t.'ie wcrk will proceed at far greater sp-ea.
CENTRAL BUTTE stock is now 50 cents per share. This price Is subject to advance without notii e. but
an advance ill ixisifiveiy be announced very soon. NOW is the timp to buy, before this announc-einm:.
Room A
MAG AW & WARD Sales Agents
Above Woolworth's Store
Phone 4S8
ifectiie date, of the law providing for
! a ten mile prohibition zone around ar-
my camp of military instruction in j
' Texat will not be decided until next;
', wei-h. The conference committee of
i both houses appointed to reconcile the ,
'differences between April 1 as provid-i
' cd In the measure as it passed the;
h-m.-. and April 15. ihe due fixed in i
the inialc will meet Monday it was !
announced touight. t
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
VANTK! 2 room apartment or 2i
room cottage not far out. O. T., Re- j
VirtW.
700
FIVE bright, capnhlo ladies to travel. !
demonstrate and sell dealers; $75.on '
' to $150. 00 per month; railroad are !
paid. Go-idrleh Drug Company. Do;it j
131. Omaha. Nehr. . j4'j
FOR UI.NT tticely furnished front
ro.ni for gentlemen, separate en
trance near bridge, Lowell school.
Phn -is Green 342. ' 704
FOR SALE Nice furniture 4 rooms,
niiMlern hou;e. No. 16 Bakerville. 7i2
WANTED French Kitchen wunts
waitieas. Ap-ly French Kitchen.
701
Legal Notices
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior - .
I. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix. Ari
zen;!. February' 9. JU18.
NOTICE is hereby given that GiUiert
J. Perry, ol Lewis Springs. Arizona,
who. rn March 9. li:. made llonie
s'end 'Kntrv No. 021791 for SW'iNK'i.
, NW'.SK1, -." E'SW'4 Sec. 12 and on
August 9. 1916. nmdo iniditii.nal Ilome-st-iad
E:.nr. Xa. Cofi IS. t-ir W'-.SW'i
You Will Have to
Place Your Order
Immediately If You
Want Your
lUlt
or
H.
Call at Our Shop and
Look Over Our Large
Slock of New Designs
and Latest Novelties
It pays in the long run to buy tailor
made suits, for then you are assured of
a perfect fit and quality clcth.
With the price of woolen goods soar
ing higher every day, it will pay you to
orcior your suit at once.
JOIN OUR SUIT CLUB
mm ::
V r . ' IT
B.F.MI
"The Leading Tailor
"MAKES 'EM FIT.'
Allen Block
i
1
' mi
si f
LLARD ,r
;7
BISBEE !
I
t
- i
EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 10, 1918.
IT
TONTTE AT THE
Km
17 I TIMS
Big Special Matinee at 2 P. M.
BROADWAY'S BIG REVUE
atch
Your
WITH
Lou Jacobs'
usical Comedy
STARS
ADMISSION: 2Ec, SOc, 7Sc and $i.CO.
Hey! Look Who's Here! jqy CENTRAL THEATRE
TODAY
Matinee Starts 1:30 P. M.
Night Show 5:30, and Continuous to 1 1
rep
M
Harry (Irish) Barnard's
usical Merryinakers'
IN THE ONE-ACT FARCE
! A WEST
M
QKA
This is the last offering of Irish Bernard and his Merrymakers and
is one of the best plays he has presented while in the district ,
ESSANAY PRESENTS
Marguerite Clayton j
Jack Gardner
'Mi
IN
2111 1 n u
5
an.
i j
A Thrilling Five-Act Drama of Those Who Live at Night
1 1
Kers
ADMISSION 25c AND 35c
ADMISSIAN 25cAND 35c
trict where he goes to make an exam-1 e -wives wish to have large, repre
ination of a mining property in that i sertiilive and influential society in
locality In which he was interested a . L tf e.
few years ago. He will be gone over
Sunday.
J. C. HEXDCRSOX, Secy, pro tern.
Adv 60S
I
Orpheum Theatre
One Gala Night
Tuesday, March 12th
The Event of the Season!!
BACIFROM COURT MARTIAL. NOTICE.
H. D. Palmer, the stenographer, has : There will be a stockholders' meet
returned from Ft. Huachuca where he j ing of the Santa Cruz-I'.isbee Mining
was engaged in taking testimony in a ; company held in Room 1. Muhe!m
number of court martial trials that ! Bldg. for the election of officers nnJ
were heard in that post by the trial j other business on March 10th, at 2
board on Friday. I p. m.
: S. F. WALKER. Pres.
" Adv. if I
Business Locals
See our new wall papers. Guarantee
Paint Co. Phone 45 or 750. Adv. 280
i Big Turkey Pinner at the English
! Kitchen today.
NOTICE.
Any carpenters desiring ship work
with the government would do wrll
DANCE Dy app!ying to secretary of Local
lNtn't forget big St. Patrick's dance j 164Sf at vjnjon itan. Meetings every
imd:iy, -March ISth, at Eagle Hall. : Tuesday evening at 7 o'clock.
Adv. ! Adv. 45
SELWYN & CO., (Producers cf 'Twin Beds"), Present
America's Fastest and Funniest Farce
"Fair and Warmer"
i
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
BIsbee-Tombstone, Leaves Bisbee i
hi ' Bisbee Auto Co.. 7 a. m 1:30 p. m. 7
a.
Positively the funniest farce within memory of man!
Furiously funny with countless twists and tangles! Most
distinguished comedy cast ever assembled! Direct from
two years in New York, one year in Chicago end three
i i T rt,. u,. i a
w ccao ai. itxcuc'xi vpua aiuucc, ius -iiigcn.j. l. I
I
Wertiine Prices: 50c, 75c, $1 and $1.50. No Highe:
Phone Bisbee S.
Adr
NOTICE
Would party who found a pink' stone
geld ring on st.eet car or depot in
'fl.'.fl.ee return to Review.
DR. EDWARD COLMAN
1 Chiropractor and Osteopath, ner
, vousncss and rheumatism a specialty.
' Office Johnson Block, opposite John
son Addition car stop. Adr. 359
Reward.
Adv 657
Big Turkey L:nner at the English
Kitchen today. . Adv. 69S i
MATERNITY HOME
Call Black S73 for terms, etc
Advertisement
974
Phone 45 or 750 for prices on paint-;
ing and paper hanging. ' New goods
now here. Guarantee Paint Co. ;
Adv. 280 1
10-Cent Dance
Brophy Hall, Lowell.
Every Tuesday and Satur
day Night.
--
Harmon's Orchestra
Four Pieces.
Dancing Lessons , for Beginners
Between 6:30 and 8 p. m. at 50
CENTS per Lesson.
5
City Briefs
Has anyone
visiied
vou?
have you entertained? If so. call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor. Phcne ?.'J.
NCjTICE.
There will be a stockholders meet-!
ing of the Two Nations Mining and
' Development company held In Room
! to attend the dance given at that place i Mcheim Bldg., for the election of
Sin Taylor's hall. The music was fur- officers on March 10th. at 7 p. m.
I nished by tUe Tombstone Jazz orches- 1 J. F. WALKER, Pres
j tra anil was pronounced as being ex- j - Adv. 435
Big T'irkey Dinner at the English
Kitchen today. Adv. 698
; cellcnt. The road to Glreson was saw
Or i to be :n good condition. The dancing
WANTED IN
All of the
ATTENDANCE.
business young
: parlies return? 1 at an early hour this
1 morning
!
A MUSICAL ST PATRICK'S DAY.
The Catholic ladies of Bisbee are
I giving a dinner the 17th of March, hrs.
ladies from i2 till 8 m. The hall will seat
are wanted in attendance at the Red
Cress rooms on Mondf.y evening to
assisf in the making of surgical dres
sings. '
150. Musical program continuous.
Leading musicians of city are taking
part.
WAS IN THE CITY.
C. F. Dunham of the Nacozari Cop
per Company was in the city yester
day on a short business trip. He was
accompanied by Mrs. Dunham. They
will return to irtcozari on Monday.
FROM CHICAGO.
Mrs. J. J. Estes and her two scfi-s
are in the district from Chicago pnd
are the guests of Mrs. Estes' sister,
Mrs. H. T. Williamson of Low'l.
They will remain for a few we?ks.
SET FOR MONDAY.
WILL INITIATE ! The preliminary trial of August
The ladies of the order of Macv Sandburg, who is well known in this
bees will initiate a class of eight at city, will come before U. S. Commis-
their lodge rooms on Monday evening , sloner Beumler ou Monday afternoon
at the Odd Fellows hall Refresh
ment wiil be served after the ceremonies.
L. L. Gilman gens the New Edison,
''the phonograph with a souL
Reduce the high cost "of living by
bringing your shoes to our repair de
partment. Kobey's, opposite Eagle
theater. Adv. 538
J45
Expert paper hanger ana painter. C i
. Brandt. Phone 456. Box 150. 580
Dr. Play fair. Osteopath, 98 Mason
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
Ad f. 231
NOTICE. !
The Warren Sulphur & Oil stock, 15
I cents per share until March 10th, 191S. ,
See F. Briggs & Co., opposite central
Theater, Lowell. 460
at Douglas. He was airested on a
presidential warrant charging him
with e violation of the espionage act.
RUMMAGE.
The officials in charge cf the Red
Cross n-mmage sale are in dire need
of a supply of old clothing. The stock
Is very low and anything donated
would be very welcome, but must be
clean. ,
IS IN PHOENIX.
Dr. L. D. RicKcUs, acting manager
of the Calume: and Arizona mining
company, is spending a few days in
Phoenix. He M taking Major Green
way's place while the latter is in the
service of his ciuntry in France.
For noon day luncn, go to the i
English Kitchen and try one of their ;
35c combinations; choice of three
combinations. Adv. 317
MADAM CAGNEY j
Lifts the dark jvei: of the past, reads ;
the destiny of the ( -ture. Across from
theatre, Lowell. Adv. 653 '
You don't Lave to wear a readj
made suit for Easter why will you
do it? Order your Easter suit now
and get It in time to 'be dressed
belter than th best. .
JOE DICKSTEIN
Agent for The Royal Tailors.
Made to Measure Clothes.
Main SU Next to Daily Review.
DANCE
EAGLE HALL
EVERY
WEDNESDAY AND
SATURDAY
EVENING
8:30
(F. O. E. 175)
SHAW'S ORCHESTRA
AG LI
i r
I EAT RE
TODAY LAST TIME
Continuous 1 to 11
LAST TIME TODAY
1 ))
n m n
Ujk Maul ot
TTD
iiImiWm "iih iiit'ad n
3 -ZZ
BY ARRANGEMENT WITH F. Z E I G F E L D, Jr.
aThe Mysterious :Miss Terry"
AN ARTCRAFT PICTURE
A thrilling mystery story full of human interest asd comedy touches and containing one
of the most fascinating love 6toriss imagln?tle.
ADMISSION: MATINEE 15 CENTS.
NIGHT 15 AND 25 CENTS
COMING WEDNESDAY '
Geo. Bronson Howard's Great Crook Play
U ez Vl if u ii (i- nun u a n ; M Jt t n
Don't miss the opportunity to see one of the most unusualplays of the day
LEFT fOR GLEESON.
Quite a. number of
Bisbee young
TO INSPECT PROPERTY.
Bassett Watkins left yesterday af-
folks ic-ft last night to go to Gleeson , ternoon for the Patagonia mining dis-
On Monday evening at the Y. M. C.
A building, the Caledonia Society will
hold their organizing meeting at 8 p.
m. All friends of the movement
are requested to be present as the ex-
Y.W.CA. CAFETERIA
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Prices Reasonable
Breakfast :6:50 to 8:30
Lunch 11:30 to 1:30
Dinner 5:00 to 6:30
LYRIC THEATRE MM
WILLIAM A. BRADY PRESENTS
MADGE EVANS and GEORGE MAC QUARRIE
IN
"Gates of ..Gladness"
IN FIVE FARTS
Roger Leeds was a stern, uncompromising, selfish recluse. He was alienated from his trot.ier and, though
Immensely wealthy, iis life was a failure so far as getting happiness and joy cut of it were concerned. Then
lioth came into his l'fe and opened the gates of gladness for Mm. You'll see how she did it and what came
from it when you see Madge IJvans and George MacQ mrrie in "Gates of Gladness," the newest World-Picture
l.rady-Made.
PARAMOUNT-MACK-SENNETT COMEDY
' "The Pullman Bride"
With GLORIA SWANSON and CHESTER CONKLIN, In Two Parts. -DON'T
FORGET TO SEE WOMANHOOD, MONDAY, MARCH ELEVEN
aMHKBcuossRan
, PIT ITPS
SHOWING
NOW AT
LOWELL
fJ- -i-- - -r . - r. . -f ,.ttT Jr, i.k a-
70
i.i k in ia j,i.
- "
SflOW GROUNDS
CARLOADS OF
FUN AND JOY
THREE
RIDES
h
23'
1
J Itetw Paw
5
? MINING
SOCIETY
crmnw
SECTION
ft
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 20, No. 235.
THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 10, 1918.
PRICE FIVE.CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
--al I at I
I
K
SHATTUCK POINTS
TO FUTURE NE
OFMANYMtTALS
Bisbee Mine Manager De
. dares Metal Demands Fol
lowing Close, of War Will
Be Enormously Larger
To confound the croakers, who pre
dict that after the coming of peace
copper and silver prices will slump
and hard times will settle down upon
the mines of Arizona and New Mex-
ico, comes L. C. Shattuck, one of the'terest are the determinations made at
foremost mining operators of the west
and a banker besides. It is his opin
ion that the world must have large
quantities of precious metals In fu
ture years. Even before the end of
the war the world will need metjil
for coinage as never before. He re
gards the discovery of new silver bod'
ies as one of the urgent needs of tbe
hour.
The world is being flooded with cur
rency. Metallic money has almost
disappeared from Germany; England
and France are short of it. The South
American countries need it. The Unit
ed States has most of tbe gold and
silver money in the world, but still
lacks ample supply for commercial
purposes. Now and again bankers Is
sue grave warnings against a tenden
cy In this country to Issue too much
paper; that is to say, so much paper
that its gold . covering is "too thin."
For evry dollar of currency issued in
this country there must be a gold dol
lar to redeem it. Only by the guar
antee of ready redemption caa cur
rency be made sound. 4
Gold Scarce
. Bufgdtd Is hard to get and harder
6till to keep. Pressing needs of the
war ompfl the1 use of great quantities
of gold. It is the one universal me
dium of exchange. A nation's paper
money finds no great favor in another
country, but gold Is universally ac
cepted. A $10 gold piece Is worth its
weight anywhere in the civilized
world. Generally speaking, silver coin
is n'most as good.
But with available stocks of gold be
ing used mostly to furnish a sound
basis for exchange, and with silver
insufficient to satisfy the needs of
commerce, what is required? More
gold and more silver. If these cannot
be produced in sufficient quantity,
then more copper for coinage pur
poses. In Germany iron is being used
for coinage. It is Mr. Shattuck's be
lief that after-war exigencies will
make copper and iron warrants, issued
on stocks of the metal, as readily ne
.eoitable as gold and silver. Note that
this goes beyond mere coinage of cop
per and iron. It means the issuance
of currency based on copper and ron.
Building Era
Not every one realizes what the end
of the war will bring to the world.
It will be followed by the greatest
era of building and rebuilding the
world has ever seen; greater, every
one hopes, than the world will ever
see again. Whole cities of Europe
must be built from the ground op and
countless towns. Other cities and
towns must be rebuilt in part. In its
way the peace task of reconstruction
-Kill be almost as great as has been
the war task of demolition, and more
costly in money, for it costs more to
upbuild than to tear down. Then,
there must be a great program of ship
building and railroad construction.
In those countries which have not
suffered physical ravishment of war,
construction ana reconsirucuon iiiiuuiuCi. m mo naiui vii win- ... -.nt HmI f free enld in visl- cv """ ""' "c , ,: , .
take ulace Factories must be changed pany). has been developing the Hook- ?- , FeaVr u L. lL!, JL. Pleted the most extensive contracts for Janes Kane of Patagonia has re
over from mMnTi materials to j er-E wing groups of the holdings of tbe l? he adem PlT'S drilling ever undertaken for the Bra- cently visite4 the old Tia Juana mine,
making pacTmateria?s ThiZ one As- Jerome Copper Mining company for ha fited fcommf(nat ifd zilaian government, 21 carloads of hlch he is about to bond to Nevada
qirement wfll ctll for vast quantities the past six months, and it is konwn to the circulation of tories of prob- tf be ed lore variou9 partle8 Thl8 property has yielded
2f 7ron. .twl. copper, brass nickel, that two well-known engineers of the borne 0ut by a mining districts in that country. tome high grade silver as well as
and even silver. One might write General Development company bave tuat,de.!e' 0f ?t,,,th nT fhA TPln and Development work is progressing at some molybdenum ore that ia these
construction and reconstruction
1.1 .
thousands of words on the changes,
which the end of the war will bring,
but the above will suffice for illustra
tion. .
Metal Demand
The work will require treat quanti
ties of metal for materials and other
Vme need. A7Z war nations
. .
will turn in every direction for mon-,
ey and tney musi nave metallic mon-
ev. Paper money for international use
... - . . , . unci uiiutru. Dru nuu " ' cm .a
will not suffice. Germany must send Three Deals Closed . 7,0 f . fh n,iPine dos-
abroad for huge stocks of those mate-! Three deals for copper properties ln on'y X tha CH fnSS
rials of which the central empires the Mayer district have recently been Vface fo? Td se of nelr
bave long since been exhausted. Will closed by engineers representing east- , Ton Tom Reed ground
of value abroad? They will not. Ger-, tails have not yet been made public Cut Gray Eagle !
many must plank down the hard cash, nor the identity of the buyers dls-' When connections are made with C. "M. Garrison, vice president of tht
So much for other countries. The closed, but there is no doubt but that the Gray Eagle it is probable that Jerome-Calumet Mining company, of
rniiii Cfotoa to little hotter situ-: the news in authentic. work mar be resumed at the crosscut the Jerome district, has become in-
ated than any other country In that- The old Peck silver mine, famed ln from the 400-foot level of the Aztec terested In the installation of the Soc- PRESCOTT, March 9. Old Dos
respect, for America has most of the early days for its production of high south from the shaft This crosscut coro smelter at Tucson, according to Oris mine, with the Buzzard and Ra
metallic money in the world and most grade, running as high as 26.000 is over 650 feet east from the new recent correspondence between the ven. 14 miles from Prescott. have been
of the metal stocks as well. Still, our ounces to the ton, has passed into the crosscut from the 625-foot level. It backers of the smelter project and Mr. taken over by J. B. Tomllnson, repre
own demands for metal materials and hands of W. W. Williams; a mining encountered the vein at a point where Garrison. senting an eastern syndicate. They
coin will not be Inconsiderable. iman of Fl Paso. Tex. The dumo. it it was cut off and shattered by a cross All of the stock of the concern will were owned by R. H. Burmister. In
Mr Shattuck holds that every mine is estimated, contains nearly 200.000 fault be floated on the eastern market 1SS5 they suspended operations, due
.t.ni. ,m . vrnrtrimr fnrrsi it n m tnni rnntainlntr values of 40 ounces to The crosscut on the eighth level of throueh Mr. Garrison, according to the mainly to troubles in which litigation
the maximum in numbers and effi-
cciencv and should strive constantly
- ...
to increase its production and tne
economv of its methods. There is no
end in sight for the great demand for
copper and other metals. Certainly,
the end of the war will not termi-
nate i
JEROME DISTRICT
PROPERTIES
Green Monster Strikes Large j
Body of Low Grade After :
, Long Search for Contact
in Wrong Direction
(Special to the Review)
PRESCOTT, AriL, March 9. The
past week has been one of strikes in
the Jerome district, not labor but min
eral. Perhaps of the most general in-
the Green Monster, the career of
which is being followed by stockhold-(
ers in all parts of the United States.
The striking of a body of low grade ,
copper but of considerable size on the .
Cliff claim is not only cheering news
to the management, but also to the
thousands who have played the stocK
in tbe hopes that a mine would be
developed. " '
"It has been 'demonstrated that an.
area of diorite and quartz schist, 90x
90 feet in size, at depth of 400 feet,
runs from 1V4 to 2 per cent copper. A
winze is now beinq sunk on the con
tact, in the hope that the values will
increase with depth.
Fault in Pitch
-This area of mineralization is right
on the north and south contact, which
was so long sought in vain through
the Gorge tunnel. It was thought that
east, bat instead it pitches westward j
the contact pitched downhill into
the- mountains: therefore, the tun
nel intersects the contact several hun
dred feet west of where it was ex
pected.
A number of mining men have vis
ited the Green Monster in the last
few dys, and all agrej rnat the values
probably increase with depth. If they
increase to more than 5 or 6 per cent
the Green Monster has an immense
ore body under the Cliff outcrop.
Another promising showing is being
developed from the 500-foot level of
the Dorothy May shaft on the Revenue
claim. The main west crosscut has
advanced about 500 feet and is in a
smooth, black shistose diorite that
glistens with specular iron. This
diorite carries a trace of copper and
about one ounce to the ton in silver.
Where tbe water oozes out of tbe
roof und KiHe nf flip crosscut the rock
quickly turns red with iron oxide.
AND
RICH
ORE
BODES
A crosscut in a northerly direction strengtnens the impression that there 7. . w lne Iower east drtrt- Pfly on
on the same level, which is about 150 s being opened up an ore body ol The complete report of United East-, runs high in lead and silver, while
feet out from the station, is in the wonderful possibilities. A distance o! crn mi" operations for January show occasionally balls of fine copper-silver
same formation, but there it shows more than 100 feet now separates the total ot 8145 tons of ore treated,; ore are coming in. It is the expecta
small specks of chalcocite two faces of the drifts and the entire having a total value of J1S6.900. the tion that this ore will be mostly cop
Promising Prospect ore body thus disclosed will show an largest amount ever reached in any per bearing when sufficient depth is
The existence of a quartz ledge, of average ot between $25 and $35 in month since the mill started. January attained, as the Red Fox ore is all
unknown width but at least 95 feet Kold. The Average would be much J'"17- -Average value per ton was copper at a correspondingly greater
long and heavily mineralized with higher wereMt not that the east drift $22.89. extraction 96.. 9 per cent, and depth. These days the mill is run
copper and iron sulphides, has been ran out of the streak of gold ore for ne' Profits realized were $122,97. n,u steadily and producing rich con
absolutely demonstrated on the 900- portion of the distance. This has whIcl amount has only been exceeded centrates in quantity.
foot level at the Pittsburt-Jerome
Only one sample has been assayed
claim ta made a be Jeoge averaged
anything like 10 per cent, but there is
no doubt that the Pittsburg-Jerome
has a showing which can easily lead
and it ran 10 per cent in copper. No
... . .
of the Jerome Copper Mining com-
pany. -
The General Development company
.v.- i ...v. r-v ...t..
n. IT a nr. I iAnnAW Ann.
recently spent several uay., on we
nronertv. It aeems to siamifv that the
deevlopment of the Jerome property
1,3 proving: most satisfactory.
It is also reported that work on the
Jerrme Copper Mining company's oth-
.
er holdings, located
between Bing-
V. -.. n!..a TJ..11 XTavbi. jllatiHt
and Tin'.nZ "from "prni
carload
developments shipments In carload
im eranis uvui i a
can be made.
the ton. The plan of operation has
'i- ben made Known, but It is the
.... ..... a
intention to not oniy wont tne aump
for the values it contains, but also to
revive the mine, which is reputed- to
contain an Immense tonnage of low
grade, which under the present price
jof silver can be profitably worked.
to big high-grade ore body. As a reach the Gray Eagle ore shoot, still
prospect the property looks far better 600 feet distant In order to connect
than it ever looked before. with this the latter working a winze
Make Big Payment will be sunk from the 400-foot level
It is reported that the Lowissohns f the Gray Eagle to provide ventila
have made a substantial payment in tion.
the last few days, approximate? $50,- HIa Grade Ore
AAA " ... V
"NEEDS
w&mfflt : ... . life n
SsP! , 'ft ' 0fA i&W
yyipp "P; I
TOM REED OPENS UP
DIPL1 Pfll 11 nOCDnnV
nlUil uULU UnLDULI I
x
(Social to the Review)
OATMAN. Ariz., Mrch 9. Each
day's development on the Bald Eagle
strike of the Tom Reed property
been picked up again and better re-
suits are being obtained.
The west drift is now -being
Tanci Vt Ve' rate of over xS feet
daily with three shifts at work and
two machines employed. All possible
8Deed will be maintained in oVder to
ad
....
Average values in the west drift for
t na An 1 1 ra fo ntk t n or lr oH hv a aaQ X
"""r . Z 7" .77,7.
JS8 the lop.,oftfn. 7"1 rrom 100
$200, though Uie toUl average would
liluuuull w ua a,,.u ' D
"""7"
wy-
ln the crosscut that carries mmer-
values forms a treasonable basis
lor l,n? opinion mat-.urp.i t uu-
UB"'" ruul "
walnrtaii alnntv tn in vain
"V1 : ,. .. . t-h ,.
oaaiuo '. 1 vuio
lain BSIUO mui, lUdv luio "-.
.bout 150 feet below the sur-
4fce J91JBu.Pp?ed to .dlp vl "T",,
the ore at h BDOUt
. (h h thl ,., tn k, uiit
i l . If
the United Eastern has proved the ore
body to extend considerably further
. i . i . i i . i a a ann
norm man upon tne aixm levei ou
feet above. Eight feet of commercial
ore was encountred at the point
opened by this crosscut, which is rela-
tively much farther north on the vein
than that reached by the crosscut on
MUST WHEN THE DEVIL DRIVES'
i i
'the 665-foot level. A drift Is now be-:
. ing advanced south towards the main '
portion of the ore body. The show-i
in8 ,a regarded as very satisfactory i
the jiTitt 43 ia commercial ore ot!
'good grade. j
j The annual meeting of the stock
holders was held here on Tuesday,'
March 5, when directors were elected
anil ,,, annual- renort. nf th officers
cnhmittPrt
ii;.j J
iu iuo nisiory oi me company. :
Excellent progress is reported by
Superintendent Rogers of the Gold
g
?t6t ,1 anfL Hn .tfi
Tn.f. d" i',"0 wwffeJ "'"fHr!n. "L
??Lld fr!Uoni rePlafinf
inn H it f rrii Mini in l rni niHLirr.
the altered and mixed vein matter.
v alues are more uniform, and the next
200 or 300 feet should give even bet- Beckham began ork upon the Rl
ter results. ; queza, which he haa under contract
' Telluride Active from Josiah Bond, and will run a
I Prilling has been' started at the crosscut tunnel 500 feet long, giving
Telluride nnder the direction of F. H. oe foot or depth foe each foot on the
Davis of Los Aneeles. inventor of the
, d nL H, p p D , m
. . '
soon arrive in Oatman with several
drilling outfits to work on various oth-
,. ....
.A..nay . TJ . 1 n 1. A
ern and the United Oatman. and drill-
,n wiU comme e 80on on the Mo.
hawk 0entral at the 40o.foot level.
Development on the Line Road tun-
nel section of the Gold Road Is prov-
.
InK the new ore body to persist to
.,.) J.Mt . n-nTa o.,ntr nmpat
,ra. t rlunlh In a nHnvA aitnt- niAM
r,la !00 feet below iie pVvus wo
K 11 and still in good ore. Some
.""""" "
ol" and the average grade
high grade specimens are being taken
is very
good
JEROME MINING MAN
JOINES SMELTER PROJECT
proposed agreement.
The Pantano district, wiilcb is filled
l.m ll l A 1 V. 1
wuu smau mines mm iiiuuiuerauitj
prospects that are shipping small lots
of ore. have been urging the owners
of the smelter to locate the plant there
and aro willing to guarantee an ore
supply, it is said. Tucson Star.
SHOWING RICH ORE
(Special to the Review)
1 NOGALES, Ariz.. March 9. In the
; Wandering Jew mine, in. the Tyndali
district, a rich strike has been made
Tobin and Kountree have taken a
lease on the Eureka, one of the for-
mer Ferry properties, in the vicinity
th ld lero mine both with a
terd fr produc"on- Tn Salero is
knowtt t0 beCn Tked ,by ?e
monlc9 at tne Tumacacori mission 200
vaqm rm.
years ago.
on the first of the month D. P
adit level- This tunnel will strike the
rein directly under the main shaft,
l. v. a t n .j s
"u,u ""a ib au '"
the Santa Ritas have been shipped,
This mine lies directlv between the
A1LU III 1 II K i&IlU Lll M.II 11 1'l 1 11 It JMW.
uiiuc, ur raiucr luuc, ucou,
100 feet, wide in one place and is al-
'ay strong and persistent. Tbe prop-
erty was patented several years ago
y James ivane ot ratagonia; v.
ftAn-.ian n A k.k
"uw '""w "
TOI. V . A. DIHKCt DO 1U Ills JUir-
time wa, be territorial geologist and
head of the school of mines at the
university. u is pmuueu to run w
ule loie a long lumici iruiu juriuiur
canyon, giving 70U ieet or more cov-
er, and connect the mouth of the
iSVi"'! "
MINES NEAR PRESCOTT.
i Special to Review.)
followed for years. Dos Oris was rated ,
as the largest silver mine in avapla.
- .1 1 , V. UmllaJ JavalAnmanl
iuuu.j. mm -.iiu i..w.tu u..v,,.,..,.
In two years yielded $166,000, and dur-
ing the operation of the Buzzard and
Raven, some $10,000. Vnder new
management, modern machinery will
jbe installed. ,
Cornelia Operations
Satisfactory, States
Official in Bisbee
Steam Shovel Pit Producing All Ore Required; Development
Proves Ore Above Figures Presented in Advance Esti
mates; Ground Breaking Up Rapidly and Satisfactory;
Other State News Notes.
M. Curley, general superintendent
! Fred Eckman, superintendent in charge of steam shovel nrning operations
of the company, were visitors in the district this week. A part of the day
I was spent on Sacramento Hill with Mine Superintendent Gerald Sherman
' of the Copper Queen, the visitors inspecting the steam shovel operations,
i
Asked about operations at Ajo, Mr. Curlev said that everything Is going
ilong very smoothly and satisfactorily. The steam sftovel pit is producing
.11 the ore required from it. The three hills on which operations of the
hovels are now under way are steadily being roduced in conformity with
.ie working plans made for the property in the beginning. Development
is carried forward continues to be attended by results in metal content of
i
he ore which are above ivures presented in advance estimates, as tha
atter were gathered from drill holes.
Ajo Consolidated Working
Op the Ajo Consolidated property of the company, acquired for it last
ear ajid giving to it much Increase in ore resources, underground develop
nen is now being carried on. This work has thus far had the attendance
f as good, and indeed better, results in ore making as anticipated upon
aking over the property.
The fact that New Cornelia is holding well above the rated capacity
riven in its preliminary figures is the best evidence of highly satisfactory
conditions which have been brought about at the property. In this work
General Superintendent Curley and Superintendent Eckman are entitled to
;redit for performances of higher merit in result getting in a given period
han previously attained in Arizona, or anywhere in the copper industry.
There' is even higher credit due them because of the fact that with the
peed they- obtained they also attained thoroughness and permanence.
Move 'Ground Rapidly
Of the manner in which they are breaking, up and moving ground at
jo. and in which they are getting maximum results results from the p!ar.(-
f the property, no little will be conveyed by the fact that one round of
-.hots last week made use of 23 toua of powder, with which the largest area
if country ever broken at one time In the state was made ready for the
'team shovels, while in the copper production division Uiey are working
.bove 3.500.000 pounds the month, although advance estimates fixed the
ncnthly production at around 3.000.000 pounds, and ill bcf.ire long duubt
ess be fixed permanently above 4.000,000 pounds the month.
Ray's Earnings Lower
Notwithstanding It produced nearly orfe fourth more copper in 1917 than
n 1916. the Ray Copiier company shows earnings of 50 rents a share loos
n 1917 than in 191G. This is previous to deduction of county, rt:,te ana
eileral taxes, for wfcUh it is estimated $1.057.G10 will be 12 least reoire
.lenL This deduction will further decrease Raj earnings asromp.ired with
1917.
Ray had no strike troubles in 1917 and no losse3 from praduction at
he possible minimum cost from any other ccuse. It U consequently ao
epted as probably having made materially higher earnings than any of the
ither large Arizona producers in comparison with 1916. Raj's average cost
T copper per pound during the last quarter of the year was 2H :ents higher
han in the first quarter of the year, while the price received ior copper in
he last quarter was 5 cents less than In the first quarter. The advance in
osts shown by its figures correspond with ither figures from Arizona pro
lucers for the ye?r, except that most of them show a still higher ratio of
.aln in costs.
Progress at Gadsden
Sinking of the Gadsden shaft of Calumet & Arizona interests is con
tinuing in altered, softened ground
jf the extreme bard country a few
X small showing of chalcopyrite. coming on the dump has attracted a great
leal of attention recently, and is considered by those familiar with char
acteristics of the district as furnishing occasion for more encouragement
than the exceedingly conservative policy
operators Is at present extending.
While tffere is no ore in Gadsden
it Is sinking in is of known ore-making
jther properties of the district, and its
Ushed.
How much country the Gadsden
is another matter. There has at no time been expectation that it would
reach a level that would warrant cutting up of the country e'uirt of lOoO
feet, and it has bern held by those in charge of development that at 1000
feet it miglt readily appear advisable to go to 1200 before beginning research
from the shaft.
Scheelite In
Prospectors and Bniall operators
tinuing to take out considerable scheelite, but are admittedly having con
stantly more trouble in finding veins
metal continues strong. Its use In gun
eral increasing Instead of diminishing.
The situation in the Huachucas as
from which production of the ore is
that on the Fort Huachuca government reserve there is much scheelite, with
some mantanese also In evidence. Some of the scheelite outcropplngs on
the reserve are much larger than anything found elsewhere in the moun
tains. Inasmuch as government needs for the steel perfecting metals are the
with their mining, movement has been predominant feature in connection
of New Cornelia Copper company, and
which has prevailed since passing out
weeUs ago. The changed material, with
which has always dominated C. & A.
shaft, the fact remains that the ground
kind. Tlmt in. it has made ere In
qualities in this respect are estaV
will have to go through to yet to or
Huachucaa
in the Huachuca mountains are con
of workable size. Demand for th
- making and the steel Industry in gen
to the depletion of surface stringers .
made Is calling attention to the fact TWO
CORNELIA OPERATIONS SATISFACTORY
STATES COMPANY OFFICIAL IN BISBEE
started to see whether the government the way of in-creased activities. Pata
. cannot withdraw for the war period gonia has encaged the attention of
the restriction now nut on its re- mining people for a long time, but
serves as to ming, and which wholly never with" more excellent reason thasjsion, Walter II. Brown and associates
feet from the station.: This vein is! HIV UEDPUI CO UAO
two tet 'wlde.'is hi,h In molybdenite. ; llUluULLU flftO
i,u oimiitti (u cuaracier 10 in main
orebody, A pump is being lowered in'
No. 3 shaft of the Copper Wonder to1
secure increased water supply for the;
mill I
in tne Aquarius mountains, the old
Sliipp mine, famous as a silver pro
ducer, has been re-located bv Sitton
and Murphy; who assert that "the vein
is rich in copper.
After developing large quantities ot
snipping ore on the Golconda Exten
prevent the latter. Arizona chapter, now. The orld s Fair, the Flux ana
American Mining Congress, has been some otUer great silver mines have
presented with tbe facts of the Fort! had ono day in Patagonia, and are
lluachuca reserve situation and will coming up for other days'. About them
put these before the government in are other properties which will be in
will now arrange for a new milling
plant.
Arrangements .have been completed
to develop the Standard Mineral com
pany's mine, formerly the Telluride
LARGE ORE RESERV
AND BRIGHT FUTURE
the Planet i the Swansea district of
northern Yuma county, ha? been taken
over by E. C. Lane and associates. Ac
tive development will he started at
once, all necessary machinery now be
ing on the ground.
Rich gold ore tiOtt feet east of the
old glory-hole, which started t.'ie first
Salome excitement, has been made.
A carload of 20'.-, copper and J10
There are not many stocks listed f,olu h" j,,st, been hip,d Tom
i the New York curd that are being MJ-t..r mine of the Mark
,ught with greater avidity at this "nos JTP"ny-. '""Ii,,atur
Z t. Z. jHrh investment s,1f; ' down S f and shows two
on
bought
time for their downright investment
value than Ray Hercules. There are
few stocks, which on a basis of in
trinsic value are so much under
priced as Ray Hercules, and only a
few which enjoy greater Inherent
speculative value at ruling quotations.:
Comparing with the M-50 per share
market price for the stock the Kay
feet of ore.
connection with other work it nas giv- line ior important oeveiopment as Lnier. A gas engine, compressor,
cu much and effective effort to for socn as the money markets of the pumps and machine drills have been
the purpose or aavising tne govern-, cuuuiry are easier, or me uemana 101 oraerea. mere is aoout zouu tons or i Hercules Copper company. In the
nient of the raining industry in the (silver and copper permit the higher ore on the dump. The company con-1 present 23-cent cooner market can
state ana ui pra;ucai BLtrpa mi i-, - .. u co- tc-uiyiaics iuc citn:iiun ui a iu-ioii 'earn annuallv according to expert cal
, . : , r ....,. . ,. .ml i, . ,n t J -i 1 , n I. 1 A nvnlnnmAtit an A m in Mill k ...... j .. 1 . ... . I 1 1 I .
lie laKeu in HIU Ul llwLluia o.uu dluuaj iu iiiu wi'i,ui.a.i auu utiu-iiuui as swu B3 UCICluyulCIlL IS well
small mining operators in particular.; ing in these days of tremendously aa- under way.
Porphyry Looks Good j vanced costs for supplies of all kinds
Porr-iyry Copper company has fin-iand for labor. It is true that a num nflll 1 117 I lHlft TFM I f
ished cutting its station at 630 feetjber of properties in Tucson territory K IN AN A X INN I M I
and has started work from this lever which should now fctj operating at j UWIinila.fi (AlilU 1 LLLU
toward the line of the Inspiration Cop-: maximum in providing lor the needs
SHANNON MAY HALT
FURTHER OPERATION
ON METGALF MINES
EL PASOANS OF RICH
SILVER IN CHIHUAHUA
per company as represented by its j of the government and its allies are
Live Oak holdings, possessing the, closed down and that more will soon
highest grade ore Inspiration has. Por-'have to close; also that new develop
phyry adjoins Live Oak. It is to be j nient undertaken at the present time
expected that workings of Porphyry involves a heavy burden of extra ex
frora its lower level will within a few pense, just as does new building of
...k jnmitmiii rioal fif'anv kind, and that it is Instilled niilv
UIVMlt:a uimi'n i " p.. - 1 i ( , . ...... ,
i,, imnoriam to - the nrooerty. as the investor looks auead to the re- ... I special to the Review)
ihm,.h Hpiprminin? that the ore on turn of comparatively normal costs I tL "AoO. Tex., "March 9. John W.
.ho. -Jim iin ar,n &iin ierel is extant and ereatlv increased demand fori131161" 01 Hereford, Ariz., was in the
on the 600, and that it has consistently, the metals after the war period,
increased in extent and values, as ii That the investor, loox ahead and
has from the 300 down to the 500, and gauge future demands is as essential
as ore In the shaft between the 500 in the mining business at this time as
and 600 indicates it trlii. it is in the cattle business or in the
Pomhvrv Copper was listed on the accumulation of raw hides for the shoe
Vp- York curb and trading there com- market at the end of the war. The
(Special to Review.)
BOSTON. March 9. Shannon Met-
culation, $2.74 per share net on a
3000-ton per. diem mill run. Within
six weeks the company's new concen
trating mill is scheduled to start oper- calf property, which for many cnrs
ations on a 1500 per diem schedule, has shown a steadily declining tend
Soon thereafter it is planned to dou- ency in ore value, has reached the
ble the size of the concentrator. point where it is believed operations
With the turning on of the 1500-ton will have to be suspended,
mill. Ray Hercules will be ushered N- L. Amster. president of the com-
into the ranks of the great porphyry pany, who has recently returned from j
producers. It is just another property a trip to tne mines, says:
which starts off, not only with as- "The semi-oxidized o.s at ie Met-;
8ured ore reserves sufficient to keep calf property wokli Shannon even in
its mill running for many years, but times of low costs of operation foiui'l I
with mechanical equipment, financial it difficult to treat at a profit have of .
resources and general outlook equal, late been steadily declining to poorer'
city on his way home from Sydney if not superior, to those of any other grade and tne time is nearing when,
O.. yesterday. Mr. Baker was formed Porphyry copper at the same stage operations will have to be abandoned,
ly a resident of th!s city, during which !of it8 historr. "Tn'f- hoover, dc.es not mean that
time be discovered the famous Blan-i " the .two and a half years which we will abandone all our properties at,
cha de Plata silver mine in the Sabinal , hav elapsed . since the property Clifton We shall still continue to
mountains in the state of ChihuaJiua, Passed into the hands of the strong treat the concentrating ores that we
about 70 miles southwest ot Fl Pao rouP tll&t now controls its destiny it have always treated and shall continue
nas oeen transformed irom a partially io ieacu uuiiuna uuuci yumroa
" ..- v . . . i Aan. lao,i with Rou. -,. o, has been transformed from a nartially to leacn
enced on Tuesday, since wnen a. a-nerence in .avor o, m ming .s a v'cZ developed, unequipped mine into a po- that after four year, of experiment..
?tors on the curb. It was entered in the ground are neing exnaustea
i a. Dracticallv made copper mine of much more rapidly than the producers
commercial value, requiring only the can afford the time and money to
beea one of the most prominent or me act . snppnes , , o.o.Keu-ou, ore , -- ---- I tential leviatiilan. 'fullr eoulnned w th ticn. we have found to be feasible. We
tie can arrora tne time ana money to ; -f"" ' u uuuuc mkx--- . - r : . ,...: . 1
ico during the last century. erticiency, and opened up underground pouncis oi eie iruij uuiier per iuu
At that, time, which was around!"1 manner to insure regular proauc- ai -" iu..u.
18S3. the mpn nt.t th- i. i tion on a scale four or five times as "ine new propenj purcnasea
hlo kine out of its ore an: further ex- hunt for new ore resources on present
ploration to determine how much big- metal prices, and that there is ac
it mioht ha than the profitable . cordineiv the fair certainty, on a ocn-1
nrnnprtr that it has leen determined : servative basis, of anticipating a tre-i ternational
m renresent. ' mendous demand for d-cxs after the j prospected
that
Trad'ng in Porphvry Copper on the ! war to replace depleted stocks of all j southward until they made the dis- turned over in the next
,rb has been cf character indicating ' kinds, and that new producers made I covery. ,7 771., ni
at the shares are being acquired by ready ia the interim will have ad van- The country was infested, by ma-,velPel 3,428.774 tons ol
The new property purchased by
line from Clifton Ariz I great as provided Tor in the initial snannon nas a summ-m auiuuin
ihmnrh h in'J , unit of the mill whose wheels will be ore In sight to assure of a least the
turned over in the next few weeks. , purcnase pru-e, men nu mtr om.u... .
there were de- ot development work already done
of ore. showing there approximates $20i,000. It is toe.
strona interests, without the attend-, taget that win be very attractive. Jtei- '"""""s ! ui iiacne inuians. uu. T r V . o , t. nf nrfit hut th imnnrL-
an "e cf any of the sensationalism that ative to silver, there must be consid- they were about the only white men P- ich. has been increased to 9.-, m tl te . ofv P"1,8,
features the marketing of properties ered the fact that the necessities ot who escaped being massacred. I 500,000 tons of l.7 per cent copper ant thing U t..at e can see return
iTwhTch the promotion of pfitf are the worid for metal money after the I They packed their grubstake and r " ot October 31. 1917. While of o ; J" .f' buT 1
tL firs "and main object, advance invar are going to be many times more 'mining tools and powder on burros, th development work was going on, . erauons in future U prove profitable.,
prrancfof Porphyry be-, than the'vistble supply f gold can traveling .too, TJTA .onone' g o '
ine a matter that will develop in tne accommouaie. i '' ot, uu uau uwu Kuub ' "7 r" " " " ' .,.. .i..a f iw
soiid. permanent way that the proper- Flux Mine Bonded . . M day prospecting the hills, returned ,
.. i a ..,o.i 1 tn rjmn and hrmipht onmo umn ci ha compieteo. iJiese ore
ty itsen nas oeeu In tf)e Patffonia district a recent !m-i k. . i " " cat a nmfit f ui nnn tt ,nnm. ional bodv of 3
iportant development wh'ci will add.showine very rich ct,un-KS o sitver" j equal to $1.37 per share on the 1,489,- which in the average brines up t
to Tucson activities is represented in, native and hern silver. In a few days'222 shares outstanding, based on an.ccpper production from the low
lished as of merit.
Tucson Aide Mines
Of the larger realUation that me tne talcing over or tne oia mux mme th. lm,Vv nroan,ro hj foUo t "
affairs of many mining interests cen-; under bond and lease by Bisbee inter-;the 8Un-ace Beveral tons of the rich
ter in Tucson and that their business ests headed by Jack McGregor; Tom:stug.
requirement call for more attention on : Stafford, well known mining man, and j Two of the Darln,.rs Dacked four
the part of the city, the recent organ-'Fred Kollburg, the latter responsible
ization of the Tucson bureau of mines for much of the scientific, development
gives an important demonstration. The .which has made available for milling,
bureau of mines has the membership more than a million tons of lead-silver
cf a large number cf active mine op- i ore in the Shattuck mine, and prob-
erators and a directorate composed cably twice as much in the mines of the' th
. - . . . , -. .. .. : i , : . v. .. Tl. c i. - '
some-oi tne dcsi iiiiou auu mui ruu- ujjci vuc iu Disucr. iuc ouonuin., 1Bd fold over $100,000 worth
successfully show a reasonable tonnage of low 1
These ore reserves Indi- wade sulphide ores witn an occas-1
or 4ri copper ore!
ine
ver
initial Droduction of 1500 tons Der dav grade sulphides.
an 23 cents per pound for copper. "While the Leonard mine is looking;
That thia 1500-ton per day output better than ever before, we believe
does not measure the full capabilities some new plan may hava to be evolved !
of the property is evidenced by the for the treatment of this ore to better '
inr v m Th th, cnor,, rm : fact that the mmine eauiDment has a advantage tnan to snip it to iimim.
ine in'relehrarine- th riinoorv I capacity of 300 tons per hour, equiva- "The strike at Shannon last summer
burro loads of It all the way to Dem-
Rerurning with wagons, they made! lent to 7200 tons per day on the basis cost upwards of $150,000. Faced with
another shipment, followed by several1 or 24-hour operation. Of course. It is . ttiis expenee anu loss vi rai .m
hers, aud within six months they not possible to operate and mine con- Shannon directors nave lucugui u au
of 'ore.
tinuously throughout the 24 hours, but visable to temporarily suspend divl
11US
its
stantial minin.?, men of the wesL They,ls now erecting a 400-ton mill whic'iiThia 011,ih- -.i.h' c 5 on the other hand the historv of the dendi
appreciate the growth in development I was designed consequent upon the:regular frontler fa8non in nem- porphyry copper mines has shown that : "While we are exerting every effort
and resources of the mining counts? ! findings of Kollburg and his associates' ( a li r . a ., ; when th nininmoni la nut tn th teat to rbduce tosts to a minimum to keep
contiguous to Tucson, and will un- in the Shattu-k research in the metal-; turned property over to a com-i il haa usually been able greatly to ex- Shannon in the active producing stage,
doubtedy he a large factor in develop- lurgical division. At Patagonia. Koll-!pany composed of Chicago and Ne- ceed the initUl estimates. That this the great Increase In costs of labor,
log mining machinery and mining sup-: burg will put in practice in a 100-ton ' bragisa capitalists whvi :s said to lis true Is shown bv reference to the supplies and coke prohibit any large
plies lines tiere. which will fix the; mill, the same findings worked out:navt, taken out another $100 000 in 'records jraade;by Inspiration Copper, profits from operations with copper
city as the real mining metropolis of : successfully in association with sltni-, nifrh grade silver ere ' ' whieh started work about two vears selling at 23 cents per pound.
the state. A mining machinery ana iar problems in the warren district., Folic.win th dUrnv.rv f tho rimt,. ago. and which has managed to ex- "Shannon is m comfortable financial
supplies city in Arizona has been Its Ground was broken this week for the'cha de plat& Saoinai camp .Iceed the original estimates of produc- condition; owes no money and
rchief lack in the past. It is an ac- new mill at Patagonia. Equipment j camo tne a e'ne of at miDlDg ac. Uon by nearly 100 per cent. working capital sufficient for
commodation the industry needs badly has been found and ordered -forward, j Uyit and yieiHed about 81 000 000 The 95,000,000 tons of ore which the needs."
and that will find immediate ana lanre : txcept tor delays in transportation., Rakp now , ml , Ray Hercules company's engineers re-
ts south- j Porx as aeveiopea ore ao not allow ior
,o v . any etxension of the ore reserves be-
? nnri mi. o I vond the actual limit it the drill holes
New Corenlia at Aajo. w.tii' Us up-:earn a profit et-Ane through the mill. min , ,h nif,nAi0i Ithat have been nut doin. and d not
wards of four million pouncs cf cop- Stafford is recognized as an expert in MoBe Stevens died at Santo Tomasl , f course measure the limits of the
state of Chichuahua, about 20 years j ore ooay. it is explained in the an
' oor an A Tim Incrlnc la f.M,lnn an,! nuftl rpnOT"t which WSH T-PCPtltlv ift.
ing men and metallur-i delivering the ore through a lower tun-, bQg' raUing at candelaria about 170 Ruro. '''t drilling OTeraiions were
the country has, -been, nel direct to the mill. At present mileg down tne Rio Grande bclow E1, suspended owing to the fact that the
and that win una lmmeaiaie anu larec; except ior aeiajs in transportation. , Mr fter is now engaged ii
support from every corner of thetate the plant will be running on ore within ,n in the 1Iuachuca TOOUntains
just as soon as the service, becomes three months Of ore. the Flux has;west of Tombstone, Ariz.; Ira
available. lO.OuO tons blocked out. which w. 11 g , operating a
a us
S cf
ner production the month and the the conduct of modern methods of
great attention ti has attracted from , mining and will top slice the ore body.
investors, mining
trists all over th
the real factor in lifting Tucson to their ore body stands 60 feet rom;pas(;
the lronl in recent niouins. x-nui i-j iooi io Hanging wan. it is not con-i
New Cornelia, Tucson centered inter-; sidered that the materials insight now1
est as the headquarters of numerous approximates the values cf the mine,
comparatively . small operators, en- j and before the end of the three years
gaged fn the development for the, of milling now in sight it is expected,
greater part of new country in which ' that the resources of the mine will ;
large mines were yd ;o be made, j have been materially extended. The!
New Cornelia changed this, and will ; operators have a close corporation,;
keep it changed. Tucson is recoa-;with no stock coming on the market:
nized as the real business center of and ample finances to carry them,
'he New Cornelia and all the Ajo re-through whatever thev undertake. I
gion, and will come constantly into. At the old French mine recent dis- 80r,i of milling
CACTUS QUEEN OPENS
RiCH COPPER BODIES
depth of the superincumbent barren
rock overlying the ore body was so
INSPIRATION MAKES
LARGE FEBRUARY RUN
(Special to Review.)
KIXCMAN, March 9 The Cactus
Queen Copper company, operating tlu
old TaDDan mines, on Bill Williams
great as to make the cost of drilling Fork in ,hp Rawni'je cllntry. has cut
excessive, and in view of the large
; tonnage of ore that had already been
the ore body on the 2i' level, which
shows i;o feet lit widlli of tay ore.
proved, sufficient to last the company ore carries hillh values in copper
for many years, it was decided that
j there was no urgency tn demonsrat
ing further tonnages at this time. The
'orebody will be further proved by
; means of drifts extending from the
and some gold. Assays taken from
the ore hory gave as high as 43 per
cent of the red metal while an aver
age sample gave better than 6 per
Special to Review. 1
nneTnv Morh a n,, . ' , . ., . ... cent.
- "-""""s , unaergrouna wormngs. ana as tnese Th m-ne, i,aTe been under the man-1
M of milling rsnar Iv Inan rat nil . i j jj lie r,llie ..Mie mcu uiinii
. . - . n Hu 1 IIIII1HI V f 1 1 1 1 1 1 f 1 B llTIt I 11 W HrH HIIMIIIIMII
more orominence in this respej-t. New i coveries have developed high grade oa Consolidated Copper company is ex-'not only will they prove additional
Cornelia, coupled with the smelting the 500 level In considerable quantity. pected to turn out during the month ore reserves, but they will be designed
operations of the American Smelting , Previously the development carried or. !of February over 6.000.000 pounds of , for use In the actual subsequent min
p.nd Refining plant at Sasco and the, by Will Clark in behalf of Senator W. -copper, against 5,000.000 pounds in ing operations.
fsnsaction of the business of thls!A. Clark had opened a large tonnage 'January. A year ago production in i it is pointed out in the report also
smelter and its shipping mines inof lower grade ore. The high grade the first two months approximate 21,- j that aonther body of ore lying at
Tucson, makes of Tucson an actual finds of recent date make it certain 1 850.000 pounds. greater depth has been shown to ex-
repper center responsible for not far that the property will come in as a For the past three weeks the com- iBt. Referring to the extending of the
from six million pounds of the red profitable producer and add materially ; pany has been operating 16 of its 20 main haulage drift which connects the
. ...... 1 , V ,i T n rtotr nMa knth mina on.l n a n t c t m 1 1 1 ,ar.linn. ..- i , V. ' fvr, ... 1 J AAA . 1 - . . .....
metal tho month.
Valuable Plant
to pay rolls of both mines and plants
,'n the district-
Within tho c'tv is the rare metals Other Promising Properties
separation plant of the Randolph in-, These activities, it is only fair to
terests. engaged chiefly in the hand ! point oat. greatly increase the possi
!ing of molybdenum, but so patterned bilities of success for a number of
and with the support of such metal-; others in the Patasonia district, while
two shafts, the report
mm sections witn iroin 14.UUU to lo,- com Dan v
000 tons of ore handled daily. The I states -
labor market has never fully recover-: in the progress of this work more
ed to normal conditions. 0-p js being encountered showing a
Inspiration's excess profits tax will 'higher assay value than the average
probably be heavy. Eliminating ex- assay value of the ore developed bv
traordinary taxes, however, Insplra- the drilling. TH discovery of these
lurgical resourcefulness that it is only 1 lending important encouragement to' uon can turn out copier at not far .additional ore bodies la our under
a question of time until manganese.1 all of the mining industry which isjirom 10 cents a pound under prevail-. ground work indicates the existence of
innssten .vanadium and other metals giving attention to silver and lead in, ing conditions. a large tonnage of higher grade ore
of the rarer sort that have become increasingly greater degree In the be- When directors meet In about a , than the average of the mine as now
indispensable in the steel industry will,lief that conditions at the end of the nicnth for dividend action it will ; estimated.".
find treatment here on a large scale, war will bring about a price for the probably be found that earnings for : The report further states that It Is
with accompaniment of wonderful as-1 white metal that will enable its mining, the first quarter of this year will not j intention of the management to coii-
r'stance to the development of vanout. at profit, something thai is not now
mineralized zones in the Tucson ra , common, being confined in fact to
jiins. and indeed throughout the state properties possessed of exceptionally
aiiH northern Sonora. high grade resources. i
Itenelicent results carried by this, In copper mining, the Three It s I boara win continue tne is. rate. Imond drilling will be started from the
asement of H. H Barbee, who has ob
tained big rosul:s frcm the amount of j
money expended. While no murhinery j
has so far been Installed on the prep-1
arties. geared windlasses liuve been ,
i:cd in sinking tiie shaft. Shallow
shafs. crosscuts and drifts have beet- ,
opened everyw here throughout tl e i
reat estate of the company, ami ev-1
erywhere bodies of copper ore have j
been found. The country Is capped '
with iron carbonates and raHr.ganese.
and belcw tins cup copper has bt en ,
i'ound. Tho niE'ii shaft, and procti'-al j
i.- the oi.l shaft in the district, lias
readied the 200 level and if this proves
x criterion fcr tho tntire mineralized '
zone it forecasts one of the greatest
copper camps in the state. Ore ex-1
ists practically everywhere and the e-
tent is shown to be miles to the north, I
east, south anil west. Some of the:
richest silver mine "f the rounv j
u . to fuiiml :n that neitr'nborhoixl and
navn r v rni'priiii wini raniAiiia hitr .. . : . i . i 1 jrt . n.... ' . - .1
7 . . . ' m-iuuo "uu iiib ueieuiiiuifiu 01 lucsc . pi-,,.. or )ilm eil t'uili'T.n.ls Of
with indications pointing to normal new ore bodie to determine the iuan- H 1 - . . '
operations by April and a strong cash titles and values of the-ore lying In , l" f , ' .i,, " t , e T' J or from
position, it appears likely that the ; Uiis lower horizon, and also that d.a- h"Td f?r.l .v ""-'IT.
t.l.int have had marked demonstration mine U continuing In the Patagonia
n the opening up of the old Mam- i district, its high values in silver with
mch foumrv. where recent transac-, the copper enabling it to profitable
tions In mining properties, preps ra- operation on even a 23Vi-cent market,
'ions for new mechanical equipment. ! This mine is shipping about ten tons
! No. 1 level with this same obiect in
LEXINGTON RESUMES. j view. The report continues:
(Special to Review.) j "There is no doubt that when the
Butte. Mont., March 9 Lexington extent of these new ore bodies has
imme of the Anaconda Copper com-: been determined the ore reserves of
inclusive of mills, tozether with the cf concentrates daily from Its mill tc , pany has resumed operations after' the. mine will be substantially ail, led
i;!idertakin& of much new develop-( smelter. (suspension since last May. This is be made in the average assay value
ment. have given it standing as that Other metals are not Iakin in the one of the chief zinc properties. ' but ; to. and that a substantial advance will
disfri t in the n!ate where'n greatest Versatile district, which has recentl ! also is spoken of as Anaconda's best.of all cf the ore In the mine."
advance has been .made in seizing found ronsiile-'ble molybdenum, and gold mines, as ores approach $1.50 in
to Wales for reduction and even then
uePeil hi'.' returns lo the owners. A
smelte was buiit at Aubrey, on t!ie
Colorado river, uiere thousands ot
Diu -,' the lower grade ores were
smelted.
i'oon and tuK ,ng iiflv.in'a.Te or Ke
V'snaing demands of the co-intrv lr.
point of metal service. Incidentally,
the Mammoth district i gett'nc ine
e.'lent way to more than reclaim past; in this respect.
rlories as a producer of sMver Nut i's first car of
may -become an important factor in
the production of that mu'h desirec
'metal. The Washington Mines com
panv is making a notable performance
It has just sent out
the ore, making an
is tt al-ne In 'his among tne riiTict average or .i per cent, ann givec
loncing in tbe trib'itarv territory nt , premise of following with regular and
Tureon. and which in the prime davs , substantial shipments,
of the white metal vieldcd seoonf
place to none in the state. ,
Patagonia Activities
Among or?ier of the silver-copper ;
districts tributary to Turson and ret
LEASE MINE.
LEVIATHAN MINE.
(Special to Review.)
KINGMAN. March 9 Cross-cut bft
gold per ton and also carry' around
half dozen ounces of silver and in ex
cess of la'f zinc. !
Two shifts embracing 250 men Willi Ktl Massey of Pisbee has taken an
be employed and daily tonnage will ; opt'on on the ITrnry Ford mine, near
tie fronm 30i' to 350. The Ix-xington j Patagonia, t-avini: fT.'n as an initial
has been unwatered down Io 1000 level payment. Mr.' Massey Is deputy state
by diamond drilling from permitting mine inspector.
drainage in High Ore mine.
BRANCH FOR EL PASO
DALLAS. Tex.. March 8 The on-j
tc'..i,shnient of a branch at El Paso ot
RICH HILL STARTS WORK.
Sne -ial o Ueview
SALOME. March 9 Rich Hill Cold
the Eleventh District (Dallas) Federal I Mining x. MiHiim nimnanv has been
tenng nieir activities nere. i-atasoni ine or ven west rrom ine s.-m-inni ii-vn 1 1 i dour, ih uitu Mijmeu u jTiC ineil Io operate ine Mil jounsnii
I; a 'he present time tramline t ' of the Leviat'ian mine toward the Cop-1 the Federal Reserve Boad at Wiiiihinn.- l; i.t
rrrmt iently i'h promise of muc h iti .per Wonder picked up a new vein 15 ten. Arus Co; pr property, a:ljou:iu
BIG SILVER LEAD.
iSnecia! lo Review.)
it V. M;r'-li ! The Itav silver lend
n ne. fniir miles by i-ttcp trail from
i'is nl ice is shipping bv mule team a
ar'c ml of or daily. The property
is bt'-ited r 1 NT and is known as
he II lv S if- rn. A ccinaiiv lieadcl
v plnin V.'ill'i'.ni M'Dcnnott of,
T'tesoti. no"'' ow -rates it. The carbon-!
ere Hssavs "ii', lex), with SI- in j
!vcr aid gold." J. Pollard is In;
i barge. t
Sc"thiist o' :!:iv. nlso en a s'ee
m iint.ii-i. is I'.'o It iv I nken Ilill!
lap:
You've Been Earning
For Years?
Mas it cost you every dollar of it to live?
These arc pertinent questions, but the man who
answers them honestly to himself will feel the time
has come to start a Savings Account with this bank,
save for the future and get 4 per cent Interest
Thi,ik it Over!
CITIZENS DANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona
WflMMM
If you are not a customer of this Bank
this is ycur invitation to become one.
We will make you feel at home and
show ycu why it is to your advantage to
do business here.
BNK WITH US.
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Painting, Paper Hanging, Tinting and
Signs. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y. W. C A.
P. O. Box 1531 Fhone 739
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everythina at reasonable a la carte price.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Aho $ 1 .00 dinner from
5 : 50 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week
Henry Poppen. Manager.
Do Yea Know fl the Best Meals in Bisbee?
Try our Special Merchants Lunch at noon. Forty cents s the
to';i! cost j;ni it included soup, bread and butter, relish, meat order,
vegetable, coffee and dessert.
$C 0j TICKET, $4.75 CASH. Snort Orders a Specialty
MERCHANTS' LUNCH
MAIN ST.
BISBEE.
PHONE 818
Wc vill CALL and get your shoes that need repair-,
ing and DELIVER them to you.
Our delivery service will take in Bisbee, Lowell, Don
Luis, Naco and all suburbs between Bisbee and Naco.
Our Motto is SERVICE.
Goodyear Shoe Shop
Phone 818.
Allen Block
FI W - i KtW; r W j Wr T Sc i C- 5; P
Fa
It-
m
E? T-it
Spring Time g
Is Coming
IBs
IT will really surprise
you how well we ?
can make your last
Spring suit look.
There is a good reason
why you should "Make
I
ti 'fT hDo-i
mine. I eve an ontcrou carrvmc sil- J3
er Ih.kI it'll tfcUl Mi some rentier.
- eii.'.- d-vel, ;'eil. Frails Si liillinu j
. . ir.il ,k r
ieanaing anci
tcleplioo u ppj
BISBEE DYE AND
CLEANING
WORKS. g
PHONE 296.
- -- --- . i -. VKwffwiPai51--!
LmLlcm
ia your gur.
nteeof Master Srnrice
i THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 10, 1918.
THREE
i
K
News of Social Circles
An interesting discussion occurred !
! the meeting of lire Twentieth C'en-I
firy club Tuesday afternon, when it!
was suggested that the civics and ec-1
onc:tiic9 department of the club, of'
wiii;h Mrs. D. A. Parish is chairman, j
ihou'.d respond to Mr. C. II. i'lul-l
brsk's request 'that th2 club undertake i
to teach Mexican women the use or!
the white flour substitutes. !
Mr. Philbrook offered the use cf j
the high school for this purpose, but
n .iaolluGfnn In fVlA flllS hmiltrht Oil t
the fact that Mexican women are used
to a primitive way of cooking, arid that
the very modern, equipment of tie
domestic science kitchen could not
be utilized in teaching them at all.
Tortillas, their favorite bread food, are
biik-d on top of the stove.
Mrs. Cochran made thn very appro
priate 9U?fcetion that the work ofj
teaching them be earned on in the
rome of the better class of the Mexi
can homes, where the women coula
learn? according to their anrestrU
methods.
Mrs. McCellan made the suggestion
that the club take some measure to
make it possible for women to attend
th-; sort or worth while lectures that
men hear at the Y. W. C. A. . After
a discussion Mrs. E. J. Flanigan, pres
. id.nt, appointed a committee consisi
ing of Mesdames D. A. Parish. 1L
Uiaze and Stuart Barton to wait upon
trs Sundey meeting committee of the
Y. V. C. A. in regard to co-operating
in holding such lectures for the pub
lic. .
eorrTittee was appointed to con
struct a new constitution and by-laws
consisting t.f MesdamesiW., S. Brake
. fiid, E. M. Dtirley and J: W. B-'Suiitl..
Those v.-ho attended the meetiag were
Mtsiames Sanies IUair. W. J. Sra-vd
inr. Hampton Cochran, J. W. B. Smith.
Pwiiht Palish. Stuart Earton. Mcl'ei
lan. E. J. Klanigan, Robert Gipze. J
F. Tcuftrt. J. W. Brakefield, GeraiJ
Williams. H. Snodgrass, E. B. Walker,
M;:ud V. Ma'.tmson End Robert Lin
den. m i :
Monday afrernoon the Pollyanna
club of the Lincoln school were enter
ta: imI by Hampton Cochran, club
guardian, at her home in Tombstone
car.ycn. Part of the afternoon was do
voed to reading from "Pollyanna."
Cfer which the little girls imarfneJ
ty e:r.se.ves i:i various difficult sitna
tlcns, and then found something In
ti.-in about which they could be glaJ.
roliyanna wise. The r.ftrraosn end d
with an old fasioned treat of popcorn
balls and nenu's. Tv little u'.rU ate
rlanni;;g to en'ertain their mothers
Nn wilh an Faster t?a. Those who J
nmyel Mrs. Cco!i:.M's ho.spit.iiity
were: Il'ith M-xn, rdi h Cobbe Win
fire I. Mart-ball. Adelaide Wailuian,
' Orace Brown lee, Piioetc Hass ar.d
Katharine Ash by.
i? S? !i
The Ladies Aid-society of the Chris
tain church and several of the camp
fire clubs are taking up the wcrk ol
u'B'iir.g quilts pni blankets to ship to
the French and Belgian refugees, un
dT the guidance of Mrs. M E. M.
.Xraatscu. state chairman of the Fun J
for Fiea'.h V.'aunded. Any women whe
Ji-w;id-l!i -iatcreottd in. btuu"iuari
rsir:." French for go'.T!tthcr, t t ,e
lonely toys "Arnic; he'e" and in
catr;. ir. on an interested cheerful,
earnest oorrsrpondence v-'ith a soldier
o.r o; r ftllies ere rec;ueE' ?d to commun
jr'n ith Mrs. frantzen. It is such
- little kindnesses as this that a'd if
keeping up the morale of tho r'''n-1:
young fellows who p.re'givu.g up tiv.'ir
lives r.eroally for the co-croon aS3.
To airs. Frintzen belongs the uiiusnil
honor of being godmother to an tn
ire-bflltery of the Anr.ec b"lj:e r.
( 'ajnpa'me." and many an fntenstini;
l"tter she rrcivca ell:ng of luc
on tlie tattl? front. .
"Adopt r. town'' is the s!cgan wVci.
ip invi i? from om ciast . the other
In America amorte, the clubonien of
every p ate. Sinc? Miss Anne M'jr
p:in editor of the. Te!icaVr, and on-a
of the leaders of the American Fund
f-r French W'ounci.Ml, brought back
from France her wonderful word
pictures cf life among the Fr?nch ref
ugees, and gave American women
some idea of what it means to be
s-he.!led out of one'3 home and to win
der ovr devastated country leaving
behind desolated orchards and ga-
As soon as the Germans retreatel
''from tR'c country, i'. was pon-ible for
man" village wornn to return to the
TRA NSPA It EXT BUIM IS STILL GOOD
i'l" '. ; !l' A
; 4 i v -
I
You can oiiily see through 'this
conceal, but the brim is a transparent
braided gross grain ribbon.
ns'tej tt ts r-.r hai .s. Then the.
f?ci(! t' c terrihlc nn ossify of rebuil'i
i i'tf sc i criers and nuking a Kvlnm
on their furm. It takes farm i.'.inlr-
ei:t-.-. i!..imiils. F-e 'd, trees and many
clii'-r costlr ihir- s to turn a No Man's
Land into fruitiul fields and vine
ai -, u:-d the.--e things the wom-:n
r:i; t-il.lrn if France rad not.-
Tht is wtere s-jch lustituUcns as
tfc
American Fund for Frencn
Wounded ftfund their usefulness, and
w-re r.ble to become the medium by
hich mnry Aaiericans who were eag
er to tielp ::nd willing to contribute
j;y-.p it- jnoney and fort. muM ?-3
sist them.
V rstiiit fioiii icne. a worker in the
Amerimn Fund for French Wounded
yeys: ' It seems to me that even the
children of America hav? a good tim?,
but here! Yesterday I went to Au
dign (court to see a family whom,
when we first cajne here, we fouul
in a cave. Ther?. were no beds -
furniture, and very little food for this
woman and. her eight children. They
had taken refuge in the cave during
the bombardment. When it was ov?r
and they crawled out to return to their
home," they found only complete de
struction. ' Now we are happy to say they are
back in a house that w? aided in build
ing on the foundation of the old one.
Thev have warm clothes. They have
rood. Yesterday I found them playing
with seme children on the village
strcjt. Not a doll among them; not
a picture took; not a tcy. They were
plaving with beans!"
H S i
Mrs. Louis F. Lambert returned on
Tur-sday night from Waco, Tex., where
i,ht had been visiting her husband,
w:io was stationed in .the signal corps
cf tlf? aviation section. Fred Lam
I
i
bert has been transferred to Belleville,
111., to the aviation school, whre he
will train for a flyer. Mrs. Lambert
uiU remain with her parents until be
jv.t'Tns. M
if. t
; Anona club will meet with Mr. and
Mr. William Truax Tuesday evening,
March 12.
' ;l's. Henry Pcppen holds a surgical
dressing class every Monday at the
V oman's' club. These meetings have
not I een well attended, and it is a
H.Of"t convenient and delightful place
t. ic "one's bit." it means so much
t the boys clad in olive drab, and so
l:'!o for us to give one atfernoon a
v.eoi to this worthy, work. It should
; p pleasure with all endeavoring to
see who could do the most work. The
sp'tif of rivalry would add zest and
spirit to help in every possible way.
Te women of England and France
v ell-bred gentlewomen, of culture and
refinement are laboring with their
!. n:ty hands and (t (s a labor of love
;'nd service; so it should be with us.
Le: itext Monday be an event.
Vis. Tony Downs has returned from
F! Paso, where 6he motored a few
voekfc ago.
rS VI
T.'rs. E. M. Frantzen demonstrated
to the Campfire girls how to make
de proprete" on iiarch 7.
t'J
L.uehird girls of Warren made 22
Ci impresses Saturday.
!S 5S jS
I :tst Wednesday the Silver Link
c'u- made 50 compresses.
irl ;
? --s. F- M. Frantzen teaches all ths
F: nch methods accurately and well.
Any club that wishes her to ir.s'.r u-t
ti'cr.! in the task of making surgical
uu-ihing must let fcr know and she
v. ;!1 he gld to tender any (nformation
th:t will be educational.
r 'S !?
The Baptist Ladies' Aid met Thurs
day r.ftern-.ion at the home of Mrs.
1 iell in Warren for missionary study.
A i :t st interesting program on Africa
wt,s arranged by Mrs. H. E. Compton.
Ui'fiethments of coffee and cakes
ver;- served. Those attending were
Miwiames H. C. Compton, M. L. But
ler. O. W. Harshavr, A. S. Lew Stodg
l'i'i, W. H. Cooper. W. M. Terry, Js U.
Riur,e:i, W. E. Oxsheer, Branaman.
Ctorgo Oilman. A. C. Prwose, Walling
lord IJavid Allen. Chapman. Bell, and
Lev H. C. Compton. The next regular
ictuing will be held at the home of
Mil- W. H. Cooper on Quality Hill.
f '' !t
The Anona club gave a surprise
i'mwer of silk hesiery and handker
chief on Tuesday for Miss Ruth
hat not tnat there's anything t3
creation. The hat is fashioned of
j
miAJty AW
; Wade, v.'ho is to lie :nnrrie:l soon, at
!the heme of Mrs Tfd Puniao. A
' charming hoptess was she. The color
' scheme '.vaa tariied of I eiTectively In
! yellow and whttP In thi refre.iments
an(j th. decorations of t lie house.
Tli.)se present were Misses Lydia
Slor.n. i.i'.lian McSorley, Margaret
: Caret tc. Opal Core. Eliza Stamper,
Flcrcn-e Bucket;. Yinita 7to-,e. Ellen
Avery, Edith and Evtiyn Kennedy and
Jennie Warren; Meadames M. (!.
Lusa, Tonkin and Ijiura Funkhauser.
I The sixth annual meeting o' the
jSoutbern Arizona Prestyterial society
! program was as fellows:
' Regular Session 10 A. M.
! was held in Bisbee. March. 7. The pro-
Devotional exercises Mrs. E. M.
I Durley.
Address of welcome Mrs. Andrew j
Sinclair.
! Respons-e Mrs. Charles Blythe,
1 Douglas.
i Reading of minutes of last meeting
held at Douglas March 2S. 1917.
Roll call of societies and delegates.
Reports of Presbyterial officers.
Report of executive committee.
Hymn. .
News from the field Mrs. L. G.
Hayes. Phoenix, synodical- president.
Announcement of nominating com
mittee. '
Hymn.
Prayer.
Adjournment.
Noon
Luncheon at 10 a. m. at the Copper
! Queen hotel, given by Pisbee Women's
j league to members and their guests.
I Afternoon Session
I Devotional exercises Mrs. Thomas.
Reading minutes of morning ses
I sion.
I I) .... ! .1 flM T fl WarflB nil
; "Ways and Methods."
j Yocal solo, "Aria Louise." by Gus
tav Carpentier Miss Kelen True.
I Address, "Faith and Achievement"
I Rev. Allen Kri.-hbaum. Bisbee.
t'r finished business.
J Adopting executive committee re-
for :
Place of next meeting.
i Sacre.1 solo, "Savior, Blessed Re-
I deemer" Miss Helen True.
! ?.f!zrah.
Benediction.
Ladies from Benson Misses H. W.
Ktz. H. P. Merrill. C. S Powell.
From Douglas Mesdames Fl. 1
West, Sbultz, Gehbs and son. S. F.
Fraser, W. C. Brewer. C. Manatt.
Charles Blythe. Misses Fraser, Ruby
and Dorothy Boyce, and Mrs. L. G.
Hayes of Phoenix. Misses Shotwell,
Ashcroft and Zoe Glassey were also up
front Douglas.
The guests wpre given an. auto ride
around the district from 11:30 a. m.
ill 1 p. ni.
For Woman's Eye
To be well groomed is one's duty,
pnd bats show good taste more thai
any other wearing apparel; to be fce
coni'p.aly giwn'jd means much, but a
hat thot suits the face is a matter of
thou-! ' Large, small and medium
rizo hn'i r.re popular this spring.
A most captivating hat is one of
l-7- i-fpn straw; green-wings give
a tou;h of distinction, with linings of
rr ;xJ feathers; another style is
for rt'e brim to be short at the bad;
nut to extend far out over the eyes.
. tr'.l- .villowy person looks decidedly
fetcMr.g under th(s.
Evening Gowns
n dance frocks, the tunic is being
fl'-. A new model in plowing yel
low rating straight and slim is worn
r- a narrow satin under skirt. The
tUc. iise ia girdled atout the top of
the bipa In the rew French fashion,
ith a rarrow fold of blue satin, an
odd bright blue contrasting prettily
wit'i the. warm yellow of the frock.
Chairs of dull blue crystal beads
across the shoulders and a scarf of
uWht blue tulle ia wound softly
aromtd the tV.roat. Wee to the woman
who has reached embonpoint. Your
!ir.-s must be straight and sylph like
to be able to wear the new gown.i wih
grace this spring. It will be neces
sary to diet. Nest ce pas.
Patriotism in Dress.
Cotton frocks taking the place tf
many which were formerly made of
wool striiied ard barred 'voils are
Iovlier than ever this year. Muslins
must be substituted without one single
pang in a feminine heart. Besides
now that the end of the war is so un
certain women of all classes ara
cring side by side, devoting their
time so thoroughly to the n:eds o.
men overseas, that an "active serv
ice rnl.'orm" is really needed. In New
York a costume of dark gray cloth has
teen 8dcptd by all workers. This
uniform consists of a narrow skirt end
a mannish military jacket with
pockets. ' The workers in the differ
ent departments being distinguished
by a touch of scarlet cn collars, cuffs
and shoulder straps. It is very bo
condng. which will appeal to women.
For did not Queen Victoria say the
fair sex jf the land must help, cheer
and gladden the hearts of dusty, tired
fighting men by alays looking thMr
very btst, eitaer at work or play?
Coats.
Ccats that could be taken for
dresses, are no long?r just coats and
before the grass is green they will l.
considered a foremost factor In mi
lady's wardrobe. They open almost
to the waist line, long and the hem of
the skirt dos not even peeo thro.
Like charity it overs a multitude of
sins. Sleeves vary, kiniona sleeves
are designed to give a charming
youthfu!ness, belts aiii f?w, basket
weaves and velours of every conceiv-
'abie shade are seen. One invariblv
sees silk J?rsey; it Is the coat fabric
i of the moment. It makes the outsido
of coats, and In contrasting shades
serves as a lining. Coats are mas
querading as dresses.
Veils of evry shade and style add
fan elusive air of mystery. Dappled,
spotted, bgured and plain. Heavy
vejls bound with t band of satin seem
to match the dress Or hat, lend style.
Lovely Mrs. Castle.
This exponent of fashion, arbltei
she might be called. Is featured "in
Vorue wearing adorable oxfords. She
bays the pleasure of wearing them
is t.'e joy of being practical, lm?.!n
dainty, frivolous Irene being ptacticai
They are very s?nsib!e and desipne-l
for l '"Vf ?. No more hieh white boiits
that are a joy to beheld. SVies must
be net ovr S-j inches high, in con
sevntive r ha ties of irov.n. L!ack o:
?ray. i?ut v.x- need not despair as
' oiicrv is making rapid leaps to b
beaLtift:l and blziirre. Hut al:is it is
ro- t .e fa' l;'c;i 'or skirts to te :-l
short.
Knitting Bags.
The knitting bag is not merely a
possession today. It Is a requ'remen'
of the costumes. Of chintz, silk or per
haps from straw, (n odd shapes and
peacock hues. It dangles from the arm
and gives an air of grace a3 well as
j of loyalty to the R?d Gross.
MrH nf Hairdrssini
I In Ft. Lo'.ils this winter the player
firm "Expe rience" Its first season out
of New York, gave a recital and dis
play of soring gowns. At the tea
. hoiir in Vandervoots of that city. The
audience was struck by the decided
change in the style of hairdressin.
which is no longer severe a la Mrs.
Castle, but soft and numerous piuTs
and curls were placed at di.-Uracting
angles, piled high with a great assort
ment of brilliant studdd combs an 1
pins, striving at the elaborate with
all the smoothed back from the brow
now passe.
The street costume is as much llkv
jthe men thnt saunter along Picadilly
as possible, tigtt, narrow of shoulder,
and clcse fitting o'. more or less som-
ber shades. Silk jersey held sway witu
! marvelous possibilities, trimmed with
j black militarv braid or red, green and
i yellow wool, to highten the Quaker ef
I -ect.
FASUION IIIXT
HSf HU? nu
-4 f t-
v , , ' i
Y. W. C. ANotes
Mrs. C. W. Allen, president of the
Y. W. C. A., last week appointed the
chairmen for the year's departmental
work ot the association, and mucn
enthusiasm is manifested by all those
accepting the appointment. The chair
men are already lining up their work
ers and are anxious to Co all that they
can for the community's welfare.
"We are looking forward to all the
members doing their bit in sorm
branch of the association work." de
clared the president.
"We need a larger membership, and
will appreciate suggstions and help
from every one.
"We especially welcome strangers,
and ask all members to eottend per
sonal ivitation3 to others to join ps."
Te Y. W. C. A. nasketball team
played the high school teachers Mon
day night . It. was a very close game
from the start, but finally ended wit.
i score of 25-22 in favor of the Y. W.
C. A. girls.
Those on the high school team wert
Mrs. Jackson, Mrj. Lawerson and the
Misses Marie and Harriet Bartlett.
Stimscn and Phoelr Holt.
The Y. W. C. A. girls were the
Misses Anna Davis, Lucllo Watkins,
Gladys Jones. Lulu Maddox, Bernice
Eutler and Dorothy Muat.
The Y. W. C. A. was at home to
many of the women who were at
tending the Southern Arizona Presby
tery on Thursday. Mrs. L. L. Hayes
of Phoenis. synodical president, made
it ber stepping place.
The Bluebird club of Warren with
their guardian. Miss McCurdy. took n
hike over the divide yesterday and
spent a very enjoypble day.
If you are interested in the tennis
tournament, remember to come to the
office and add your name to the list.
We are planning to open the tourna
ment Saturday, March 16.
Legal Notices.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of th Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arliona,
i February 2, 1918.
, NOTICE Is hereby given that Cornel
ius n. unscoii, oi nereiora. Arizona.
Wao. on April 25, 1014. made Home--teatt
Entry. V n?4"fi fir NAV"
Sec. 23 and on February 13. 1915, made
I additional Hd. entry No. '26741 for the
NV;SW4. Sec. 25. NiSE'i and
SWViSE'i, Section 2C, Township 23 S,
J r jf . H-
i r-J" Ml it 1
V
lange 22 P. G !i S R. B Meridian,
has f:";ed notice of intention to nmk
;hree year Proof, to esiahiis.h claim to
the laml aliove ii-er!ye'.l. Ii.-'.cie J.ireil
0. Taylor. l S. Co:nnii.-,i oner, at Bis
!)pp, Arizona, tilt the 12; li day of .i;irch
'.91 S.
Claimant ntur.'-s tis witnesses:
vruk Coli!;"!. of Herelor l, Arizona.
George L. Ir.mn, of Stark, Arizona,
lacub C. Baker, Robert Aciiorn. both
of Hereford, Arizona.
JOHN L. IUVIN", Register.
KIrst publication. February !. 1:1 8.
Latit publication. March II, i18.
Adv. 100
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT
Mineral Survey Mo. 3387
Serial No. 03S239
Cnited States Lano Office, Phoenix.
Arizona. .March 1, 1018.
Notice is herebv given: That R. A.
Bretherton and C. M. Henkel, whose
postoffice addresses is Bisbee, Cochise
County, Arizona, have mc.de applica
tion for patent for the following named
lade mining claim, situated in the
Warren Mining District. Cochise Coun
ty, Arizona, in Section 13. nnao iii.ved
T. 23 S. R. 24 K. G. & S I
B. & M.
described as follows, to-wit:
SUCCESS: Beginning .it i ort.or
Xo. 1. the X. E. corner, Alienee the
W'i comer of Section IS. T. 23-S. Hi
25-E. (i. & S. R. B. & M. bears X. 89
11' E. 2H4S.8 feet; thenc3 S 4 34' W.
326.40 feet to corner No. 2; thence N.
87 21' W. lino iect to corcer No. 3;
thence N. 4 34' E. 42.1.30 feet to r
ner No. 4; tht-ncs S. 83 34' E. 15u0
feet to corner No. 1, the r'ace of be
ginning, containing a net area of 7 331J
acres, expressly excluding area in con
flict with Survey io. 3117, Bruce Lode
of 3.802 acres, and with Survey No.
3117. Baltic Lode, of 1.78?. acres.
The location notice of this claim is
recorded in tao office of the County ;
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona, j
as follows:
"SUCCESS .Eook 49, Records
of Mines, Page 1!S. ' !
The names of the adjoining claims I
to this survey are: On thr North Sur-1
vey No. 2176. Corona !odi and Sarvey :
Xo. 313S. Corona lode; on the East i
Survey No. 3138, Kolla lode and Sur-!
vey No. 3117 Biilt'c iode; on the South i
Survey Xo. 3117 Baltic lode and Sur-1
vey No. 3117 Brace lode; or. the West j
Survey No. 2'j29 Horse Shoe lode. i
J. L. IKYIN. Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U. 1
S. PATENT I
Mineral Survey No. 3388.
V. S. Land Office, Phoenix, Ariz.,
March 3. 1918. !
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that j
the Bisbee Warren Copper Company,
t corporation organized and existing ,
under the laws of the state of Arizona,
with its principal office at the city of i
Bisbee. by its president and secretary, j
thcrtunto duly authorized by resolu-j
tion of its Board cf Director, has i
mr.de application for a patent for the j
Wildflower lode mining claim, sttuat-1
ed in Warren Mining District. Cochise j
Coanty, State of Arizona, in Section IS
Township 23. South. Range 25 East,!
G. ir S. P.. B. & M., whira claim is de j
scribed as follows, to-wit: I
Beginning Ht Cor. Xo. 1. the W. I
"ior. of Sec. 18. T. 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. &
S. R. B. & M.. bra. X. SS 1.1' W. 1651
ft . thence S. 83 55' E. 443.5 feet to
Cor No. 2. thence X. 2 24' E. 102.3;
;eel to Cor. No. thence S. 73 49' K. ,
'"Oi.o feet to Cor. No. 4. the X. E. Cor.. ;
thence S. 2 21' W. 600 feet to Cor.
Vo 5. the S. E. Cor., thence X. 73 49'
W. 1416.5 feet to Cor. Xo. 6. the S. W.
Cor., thence N. 2 24' E. 378.8 feet to i
Cor. No. 1. the plrtce of the beginning, :.
loriainins net -rea of 17.839 acres.
T.e locition notico of this cljim is :
recorded in the County Recorder's of- j
'ie. Cochise Cor.nty. State of Arizona. '
ts follows: Book 57 Record of Mines. 1
it page 431. !
The nnmes of the adjoining claims
re Ncrth Sat. No. 2424. Delta lode.
3ur. Xo. 20G2. Golden Era, No. 1 lode. I
East Sur. No. i')62. Little Era lode. ,
Vmerlcan lode, unsurveyed. owned by j
Tohn Kitzpatrick. South. Anvil lode. ;
msisrveved. owned by John Fitzpat
r'ek. West. Golccnda lode. Sur. No.
3390 1
J. L. IUVIN. Register.
First PuMioption March S. 1C,1S. '
'.'t P;thiicitl"n Miy 17. 1918.
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
THE BISBEE WARREN COPPER
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 33G9.
IT. S. Land Oft'ics, Phoenix, Ariz.,
March 4. 1918.
I otice is hereby given that the Bis j
hee-Warrcn Corper Company, a cor-'
v.-r:.tton organized and existing under
'.h? laws of the State of Arizona, with
t principal cfiice at the city of Bis j
ec. by its president ard secretary,
hereunto duly authorized by resolu- '
"ion of its board of directors, has made
"T.blieation for patent for the following
asiiicd lo.le mining claims, situate I in i
ho Warren Mining District of Cochise
'oitnty. State of Arizona, approximate
y in Section 13. Township 23 S.. Range
'I E.. (unapproved) and Section IS,
'owi ship 23 S.. Ranc 25 E., describsd
as follof;
WAKKC.N "Beginning at Cor. No.
1. the S. E. Cor, whence the W. 1
Cor. of Sec. 18. T 23 S.. R. 2.1 E.. G. &
S. R. B. & M.. hrs. S. 72 42' E. 2123.1 '
ft. thence X. 77 57' W. H'.io.O feet to
Cor. No. 2. the S. W. Cor., thence X. ;
11c 02.' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3, the;
N. W Cor., thence S. 77 57' E. 14:'b I
lect to Cor.. No. . tho N. E. Cor., i
thence S. 11 2' W. 609 feet to Cor.
No. 1. the place of the beginning, con- i
taining a net arc-a of 11.479 acres ex
pressly excluding crea in conflict with
Survey No. S15S. Kolla lode of 7.511
icres. and with Survey No. 3374. Rock
land lode of 1.611 acres."
BISBEE "Beginning at Cor. No. 1,
the S. E. Cor., whence tho W Cor.
of Sec. IS, T. 23 S.. R. 23 E.. G. & S.
R B. & M. hrs. S. 64 2r E. 943.4 ft.,
hence N. 77 57' W. 1498 feet to Cor.
No 2. the S. W. Cor., thence N. 11
!? E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3. the N. W.
Cor., thence S. 77 57' E. 1498 feet to
Cor. No. 4. the N. E. Cor., thence S. 11
02' W. GOO feet to Cor. No. 1. the
place of the beginning, containing a
net area of 20.630 acres.
It ED ROCK "Beginning at Cor. No.
i tht S. E. Cor., thence X. 79 53' W.
1160.90 feet to Cor. No. 2, the S. W.
Cor., thence X. 24 32' W. 406.70 feet
tc Cor. Xo. 3. tho X. W. Cor., thence S.
7' .17' E. 149S.70 feet to Cor. Xo. 4.
the X. E. Cor., thence S. 24 32' E.
345. :',0 feet to Cor. No. 1. the place of
tho beginning, a net area of 7.504
acies, expressly excluding arpa in con-'
flict witij Survey No. 317 Jack Pot
No. :.
f ARBflVATE "netrinnini at Cor.
No. 1, the N. E. t or., whence the W k
Cor. cf Sec. IS, 1 . 23 S., R. 2.1 E., G. &
? R. B. & M. bis S. 5!t 54' E. 717.3
feet, thence S. -' 21' Yv. 14S.".f; fe't
to ( or. No. 2, the S. E. Cor., thence N.
T' rrr W. r:;2.::o feet to Cor. No. 3,
he S. W. Cor., thence X. 0 .12' E. 60-)
I J.?rt to Cor. No. 4. thence S. 73" l!' E.
!-
i. fett to Ccr. No.
thence N. 13'
E. o:f7.8' f-et to Cor. No. G. thence
X. 73 0V W. 40 feet to Cor. No. 7,
th-nce X. 24. 32' W. 343.30 feet to
Cor. Xo. 8, the X. W. Cor., thence S. !
77' 57' E. COO feet to Cor. No. 1, the
pi-ice of the beginning, net area of'
9 6!1 acres, expressly excluding area :
in conflict v.ith Sulphide lode of this j
suivoy of 1.132 acres and with Survey '
No C:;&o Nancy Hanks lode ot 5.744:
acits. i
SULPIflDE-Beginning at Cor. No.1
1. the S. E. Cor . whence the W.
Cor. of Sec. IS. T. 23 S.. R. 25 E.. G. & ' er. Golden Gate. Juniper and Wedge
S. R. B. & M. hrs. N. 87 04' W. 594.7 ! lodes. East Survey Xo. 2423. Delta
feci, thence X. i 32' W. 1463.50 feet'Hx'o South Survey No. 3390. Goleon
tc Cor. Xo. 2, tho S. W. ('or., thence X. (cH, Sunshine and Nancy Hanks lodes.
2 24' E. 300 feet to Cor. No. 3. thence Sn-vev No. 3137. Jack Pot No. 1, and
X 11 02' E 100 feet to Cor. No. 4,
the X. W. Cor., ibence S. 77 57' K
.107 feet to Cor. No. 5, thence S. S6 34' j lone. West, Survey No. 3374. Rock
P 3S feet to Cor. No. 6. the X. E. , land lode. Anna lode unsurveyed.
Cor. thence S. ? 24' W. 5.19 90 feet owned by R. A. Bretherton and C. M.
to Cor. No. 1, the place of the begin- Honkel.
ning. containing a net area of 18.436 J. L, IRVIX, Register,
actes. i First Publication March 8. 1918.
tOFPEIl WEDGE Beginning at I Last Publication May 17, 1918.
, ,-. . - ... - . , .. ..... .:1.:M
Dr. . A.'
The srreatest Oil discoverer the world has ever
known and a great Oil Geologist."
Thi3 is the statement this Corporation makes in ref
erence to Dr. EL A. Edwards.
WE DEFY CONTRADICTION show us a man
who has done more in discovering new oil fields, him
self alone and we'll eive that man more credit.
DOHENY ROCKEFELLER great Oil Kinss
not Oil Geologists, however. They never could have
amassed such fortunes without the Geologist.
Ask Doheny what he knows of DR. EDWARD.S
Ask Rockefeller what he knows of DR. EDWARDS.
Dr Edward's own comuanv the E. A. EDWARDS
OIL & REFINING COMPANY announces the ad
vance of their shares to take place within the next few
days, and positively on MARCH 12.
The Arizona allotment being practically exhsusted
at this time, the shares are to advance from Jc per
share to Ic per share
100 Per Cent Advance
Why this advance? First the great activity in the Chino Valley
Oil ritds of Arizona where the company has rich holdings. Every
week In fad. every day, sees a (treat activity in these fields. More
riots are going up other companies besides the Arizona Oil A Refin
ing Company will soon be drilling. Second, the acquiring, under op
tion, of a large block of the E. A. EDWARDS OIL stock by a Denver
Stock Exchange House member of the Denver Exchange. This block
is to be offered at once by this house at lc per share, and the plans
pre to immedia ely tin on the Denver Exchange the greatest oil mar
ket shares in the West.
Dr Edwards Is now in Denver to close this deal and also to arrange
for a big lease for the company in the MUDDY CREEK Field of Wyo
ming, where the Edwards Company plans to drill in connection with
their operations in the Chlno Valley of Ariiona,
The Arizona Oil boom is amoulding It's about p burst forth
the Vvomi Oil boom has been in full sway for over a year. Mil
lions have been made In that field millions should be made In the
Arizona field.
Don't miss the profits of an Oil boom for there's going to be an
Arizona OH bocm when Wyoming Joins hands with Ariiona Wyo
ming operators will certainly ccme into the Chino Valley Oil fields
thev want the pioneers' profits in any new field.
The Chino Valley Oil Fields have been reported on by Dr. E. A.
Edwards. Dr E'ienne A. Rltier. Dr. E. Ronald Sager. Mr. Alexander
Roy. noted oil Geologist: Mr L. P. Morgan. Mr. Milton A. Allen. Min
eral Tecl nologist of the State of Arliona. and others.
Buy E. A. Edwards Oil at Vc Today.
Advances Tuesday, the 12th, to lc '
Dr. Edwards discovered the Whlttier Oil ifelds discovered the
first light, oil well In Ventura discovered 'he Lima Oil fields of Ohio,
and nrei'icted that Tsft "would he a great Oil field and it was..
IV Edwmls Is a pioneer. He stakes his reputation that he will
discover Oil in Arizona.
Join Dr. Edwards's big company true, it is a speculation but you
can af'ord to speculate on Dr. Edward's reputation.
Fullest particulars by mail. Including Colored Map of the Arizona
Oil field.
E. A. Edwards Oil & Refining Co.
Box 744, Phoenix. Arizona.
li
a L. STRONACH, Agent
Moose Hotel and 55 Main Street, opoctits
BISBEE,
COUPON:
E. A. EDWARDS OIL A REFINING COMPANY,
Box 744, Phoenix. Arizona,
i knrohr ttiu'ta uprlloition for snd agree to purchase
! chares of Capital Stock of the
Fr.'losed find $.-
Tleise issue Certiorate In
I i Name ' - - !
I Address - ft
Cor No. 1. whence the W. Vi Cor. of
i ?. IS. T. 21 S , R. 25 E.. G. & S. R. B.
!ft M., hrs. X. 81 ' W. 157.' feet,
i tin nee S. fifi" 17' W. 8S2.M feet to
Cm No. 2. the S. Yv'. Cor., tlience X.
2 24' E. 414.30 teet to Cor. No. 3, the
N. W. Cor., thence X: 84 48' E.
32M. SO feet to Cor. No. 4. the X. E.
Coi. thence S. 2 24' W. to Cor. No. 5,
th" S. E. Cor., '.hence X. b&" 51' W.
437.7; feet to Cor. No. 1. the place of
the beginning, containing a ret area of
4. 34 acres, expressly excluding trea
in conflict with Tulphide lode, this sur-
vey of 3.217 acres."
The location notices of these claims
are recorded In the County Recorder's
oft ice, Cochise County as follows:
Warren Book 53, Page 423.
B:sbee-rBook .13, Page 426.
Tied Rock Book 53, Page 425.
Sulphide Book 53. Page 425.
Copper Wedge Hook 53, Page
421.
( ttbonate Book 53, Page 422.
The names of the adjoining claims
jre: Xorth Survey. Xo. 2413 Mayflow-
Jack Pot No. 3 lodes. Survey No. 31.18.
Tioila lode. Survey Xo. 3374. Rockland
Edwards
Masonic Temple,
ARIZONA
E. A. Edwards Oil & Refining
ia payment for same.
Co.
my name.
--k FOUR
YHE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 10, 1918.
Mmnn ruunm nr mnm rictpipti studebaker proves
muiuu uimiiLii ui LiiiiiUe mum
IUI , ITS WORTH DURING
BIG GOAL SHORTAGE
ofAri
rizonas oeven
Wond
ers
j Motor Car Helps to Relieve
j Serious Condition in New
I England By Aiding Men to
i
Secure Ample Fuel for City.
operator tapped en the starter but
ton. And then to the engineers of the
Norton company came the sreatest
problem of all. The Studebaker mo
tor lazily reatin? on Its rouh cradle,
developed from 1S0D to 22ut revolu
tions por minute, turning the 12-inc-
Btone wheels at the territke speed of
11,000 revolutions all too fast to
properly grind any ax.
I y the application of countershafts
the speed was reduced to 27t0 revolu
tions per minute, insuriu the p.ifeiy
of the men who volunteered to pile up
I ho sticks.
Thi first day of the Siudebaker's
ax-Frlnding stunt, it in estimated by
officials in charge, that over 4i:tJ0 kee:i
edges were put on tile TOO axes that
were constantly raining blow after
blow on tree and log. And each morn
ing of the fire-day forced vacation the
Studebaker ax-grlnding tru k rolleo
down the streets of V.'orcester,
firoupli the deep-crusted snow, out
over the top of the Norton hills and
into the woods. Without a skip or
any semblance of balknig the Stude
baker kept steadily at i's task cf help
ing out the fuel situation and at the
same time put few more chops in
the cords of Kaiser Dill's hopes for
victory.
,ita garage by local owners. General
I overhauling and repairing Is a fea
j ture of the aerrice given by the Co
: rMse torppany and a steadily jtow
ng business hat been aeeured in the
, Warren district.
VULCANIZING EXPERT HERE.
The Lowell otor company announced
' yesterday that It had secured the serv
' ices of G. P. Kirkland, one of the bist
i Yulcunizer In th3 atate and that he
j would have charge of the tire repair
I department in the future. Mr. K 're
mand formerly wtth tha Fink RuVier
i company In El Paso to an expert on
OVERHAULING MOTORS.
The Cochise Motor company is j cord and fabric tire repairing,
l uPilv engaged in overhauling a num-
t?r of care which have Been left at REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
-. ;.t - I
f r - . .:?, si. "": Ft .". . - . - - ' I-:- t -;. i -. l.f - H
I . ,..-..-'., r.. .. j r-W.ii , ? sJ' V ' ?f4 5
:iy of ToansU in Goodrich-Equipped Car Visit Arizona's Natural Bridge
Then' is an old adase that says
somnthinir. about "necesH'ty being" tlie
'mother f Invention' and certainly
.licrvcr roined that apt nhrase knew
what he was talking about. At least
('ha it v lint the good people of one
i'.usili i? little Massachusetts city be
i i'vo t oflay and they bare reason to
: he thankful that a paramount nece
! sity of the noment,'w'ien their homes
j v.-ere wi:hout fuel and the mercury
jrontipned to drop lower and lower in
: the bulb, caused a 'versatile automo-
bile man to evolve a method of put
ting an edpe cn hundreds of axes dur-
ine a hve-dav wood-chopp'ng cam
paign, according to advices receiveo
by J. J. How-en of. the Bisbee Auto
ccmpany. Studebaker agents. '
When the coal shortage became so
.-cute that National Fuel Adminis
tra'or Carfield issued his drastic five
f'ay industrial shut-down order, the
Norton Grinding company of Worces
ter announced that 700 of their em
ployees would to Into the company's
wood lot and chop enough wood to
keep Worcester warm until tJie situa
tion could be relieved by the coal men.
When the manager of the Worces
ter branch of the Studebaker corpora
tion read f this generous contribution
to the relief of a situation, already
aerumin alarming proportions he.
loo, felt a keen desire to co-operate.
That " 700 busy woodchoppers would
have many an ax to grind before the
completion of their five-day campaign
brought to the Studebaker manager a
realization that there was where he
cculd be of invaluable service.
Loading a double-headed grinder on
' a Studebaker service car, a JAjrry-up
trip was made to the scene of opera
tions. The question of power for tht
o'ie ration of the big grinder was set
tled when the automobile man sug
gested the use of a six-cylinder 50
horsepower motor then under the hooo
of a rakish Studebaker Sport model In
I the retail sales room. After dissem
bling the Studebaker motor frcm Uf
chassis, it was hung suspended from
Hinin pulleys while experienced me
chanics armed with electric drills,
.hand saws and hammers rormed haro
pine timbers into a sturdy cradle to
rupport this temporary power plant.
Mounted on a new one-ton truck
from the Studebaker warehouse, witt
heavy leather belts tretched fron'
the flywheel to the pulleys of the
trrinder. a test was completed and th-
:5
"There fs no state to which nature
has been more lavish with her gifts
than Arizona." said J. J .Bowen of
the Eisbee Auto company, local Good
rich tire dealer.
"The- Grand canyon, the Pe'rifed
forest, the Cliff dwellings, the Natural
bridge, the .!onezuiria well, the
R.TObevtlt dam and the Apache trail,
a!l accessible to tha motorist, are at
traction'; whose fame is natirsn-wide.
"The recent gosd roads movement
will mean the addition of many more
attractions to this list, and should
bring a flock of tcurists, rivaling that;
of our neighboring state oa the west, i
"A friend wo hr.s been touring Ari-:
xona was pariieulcriy impressed with
tie Natural bridge. Few Arizonians ,
appreciate the extent of this geologi
cal phenomena. Many will be stir-,
priced to learn that It has a length ',
200 feet.
ace tSie Facte!
LOWEST PRICED car on the market
OUTPUT, 1,000,000 cars a year.
CHEAPEST UPKEEP of any car.
S1MPLIEST ENGINE. .
DO YOUR own repairing.
THE CAR that takes you anywhere ROADS OR NO
ROADS.
FORD SUPPLIES obtainable any place on earth.
THE ONLY CAR that holds its value.
it's not SHOW you are after, answer yoursslf this:
WHY BUY ANY OTHER CAR?
Come in and talk it over with us See the 1918 model.
Terms arranged.
HOOD & BLEDSOE
Phone 686
Johnson Additioa
of over 400 feet, a width of
and is over 175 feet high.
"Arizona's day as a center of toari?!
travel Is well In sight. The splendid
highway system will hasten the time.
The National Tourir: bureau of the
R. F. Goodrich Rubber company has
already logsed nearly"1 every roai in j
"This information printed on cards,
soon available to any motorist, will
be of great assistance."
V)
Copper and Com
Arizona Produce
1 Special to the Review)
I'IIOi:NiX. Ariz., March 9. From
Miami the sia'e council has received
a good ringing expression of Ameri
canism. The employees' committee in
charge of the inspiration war wardens
has issued a proclamation asking that
every man, woman and child in the
district appreciate the necessity of
turning over to t.ne nation the last
possible pound of copper from the
mines, and at the same time sustain
themselves as Jar as possible from
the yield of the soil at their doors, for
the war, if it is won, will be won by
the producer of the soil. The com
mittee prints a letter from Mrs. E. D.
Chandler concerning her experience
with one of the Inspiration garden
plats last year. Ker grocery and meat
bills, usually very high for a family
of five, were cut in half, to less than
a month. At the same. time, the
jiousewite writes, the laniily enjoyed
better il and a better selection of
vegetables on the table. Kven yet the
garle-n is doing its bit, because there
were "put up" during the fall string
b'.ns, tomatoes and dill pickles, wliile
pumpkins' and b'luashes were stored.
, SORDERLAND GARAGGE OPENED.
j Tfc! Horderland is the name -jf a
: iiew- garage which was opened duri.i
tve pist week in Joh.isan addition.
' The quarters fortrly occupied ty
: the Long Trail garage have been
u'"d ar.d the :::r gf incnt bas ins'tfp
rvi a complete machine and repair
chop. Pat Snii:h and 'J. E. Coolv
tre t"io proprieto-s at.d as both are
ell Incwn in tie Warren district,
they sht:ld succeed in establishing a
well paying business.
has been enzaged in its experimental!
growing of Bermuda cnion seed on the;
I'ima Indian reservation at Sacaton.-'
Ariz. The results show that from Ari-,
zona now may be had reliable sup- i
plies of onion seed, eo,ual to the best i
imported Tcneriffe. The Arizona seed '
from carefully selected stock has been
uniformly superior to the run of im-j
ported Bermuda seed and promises j
25 per cent better yield than" the im :
ported stock.
VON MEYER DIES.
ARIZONA ONION SEED ! BOSTON, Mass. March. 9 -Goorgf i
'.Speial to the Review) von L. Meyer, former cabinet mem-
PHOENIX, Ariz. March 9. The ber and diplomat, died at his home,
bureau of plant industry, in co-opera- here at 11:15 tonight after an illness
tion wt:h the Int.iai affairs bureau, of several weeks.
IRON CAP COPPER
rrisiue-nt Knight issues the follow
ing: "Ijurtng Ijocenibtr 80 cars of ore
were hipped to the y. Paso smeltery,
which carried from .03 to .06 ounces
gold; 11 to 10.4 ounces silver and
2.42 to 11.37 per cent copper. Forty
five cars were shipped to the concen
trating mill, whith carried a trace of
gold; .OS to 4.S4 ounces silver and
2.!ii to 4.b7 per cent copper.
"li'turns from EI Paso gave $122,
4'K!; provision settlement of two
thinU irom the mill. fl2.3o:i; estimat
ed balance $7271; expet.se. $142,5'J";
approximate pro!;t, $S2.Iil7.
ACTIVITY IN MEXICO
NOGAL.ES. March 9. The Lower
California .Me'a's company, a sub
f'Tpany of the Sor-feda'i Anoninia !e
M tales, wiioe heaiua r:trs are in
Mexi'-o C'ity. is op'-raung iicre. The
forr:er rompany hold.-- a'l the property
in the i'nili States onj a'ts as gen
eral agent for the 'nustness aiiairs of
the Sociedad Anonima hich have to
be- conduct rd in ihis couiury. At No
gales l!e ccmpany owiir a 100-ton flo
tation mill of the la-tet tyix tlint
has )xe-n ere-ted for 'lie tr' itineiit of
ore o'iiing from the riin of the
So'iedad Anonima in north v. est "in
Mexiio. T.' e l.or Calif'.niia com
pany also buys nH iylni-'iite ores in
the United Siat"s for I r-it ru -lit at
its plact.
wistiieTiiie
To Have Your Car
Overhauled for Spring
Bring It to the Cochise Motor Co
Expert, Conscientious
Repair Work
All Work Guaranteed
P.
KJ
ochise Motor to.'
Phone 444 Main Street
Phone 5
"SAFETY FIRST"
Phone 5
w.w -msmtviJUj
THE 1918 HUDSON SUPER SIX PHAETON IS HERE
We have just received a carload of the latent model of the Hudson Super Six. See
these beautiful new cars at our salesroom.
Studebaker Six
$1515
F. O. B. Bisbee
Hudson Super Six Phaeton
$2150 '
F. O. B. Bisbee
Studebaker Four
$1175
F. O. B. Bisbee
We have a full stock of storage batteries. These storage batteries are guaranteed
and the Bisbee Aut Ccmpany service plan is back of every battery we
sell. We also carry a fuU line o battery repair parts and we are
fully equipped to make any kind of repairs.
WE CARRY A FULL AND COMPLETE STOCK OF ACCESSORIES
GOODRICH TIRES AND TUBES FIRESTONE TIRES AND TUBES
GOODYEAR TIR TS AND TUBES
A COMPLETE STOCK OF CORD THES AND HEAVY SERVICE TUBES
Bisbee Auto Co.
(Pioneers in "ho Business)
TOMBSTONE STAGE OFFICE v
There 5
"SAFETY FIRST"
Fhone 5 THE BlSliEE DAILY REViEWTbUriiliAY MUkNlNli, MAKCH'l u7"i vicT.
4
)
s
3
4
M
T
i
:
1
i
i
)
e.
1
1
HOOD AND BLEDSOE
ANNOUNCE INCREASE
' IN PRICE OF FORDS
I uting their product. Wit'i 9ome there
(may be a temptation, under such try
j lug conditions, to cheapen the quality;
1 but Ford owners 2.500,000 of them
.'know that Ford quality is better now
than ever. And it will be made bei
, ter continually.
! Whenever the prices of Fords have
' been lowered those whose orders-were
!on file at the time were taken care
... r- . r- . -i . (Of at the new prices. It is only log-
Warren District Distributors , icai to expect at this time that the
same rule would obtain.
Mining and Financial News
Y REVIEW LEASED W:RE
for Popular Car Receive
Word of Raise; War's De
mand Causes Shortage.
On February 21. the
company announced an
Ford Motor
increase in
CIVES WILLARD SERVICE.
Willard serviie i'h Willard storage
batteries form a comblna'ion hard to
l.eat. according to Manager Wright
of the service station which is local
td at Lowell. 'Kvery day we test
scores of batteries free of charge, in
the retail prices of its touring cars, I c3Vinon nll!nK lne celIa or a:s ll,ea
runabouts and chassis of $90 for the . wMer. said Mr. right e-,tcroy.
first two mentioned and $75 for the ( 11 Pqvs ,n the long run to five
.chasis. The new prices of these ! real service, for when ever one of
models are f. o. b. Detroit, touring i'-ur customers neeas a new battery
$450, runabout $435, chassis $400. 1 or possibly some repair work, he ul
The prices of the other models. "' remembers Willard service and
sedan, coupe, town car and ton truck. ! drives his car o our service station -
are unchanged, according to Hood 4c j
Bledsoe, local Ford distributors. 1918 HUDSONS ARRIVE. I
As is well known, the increase in i I
Ford tfrices was occasioned bv the' Local motorists will have an oji ,
entry of the Ford Motor company i portunity to see the latest product j
into the field of war work. The ' of the big. Hudson Motor Car factor.'
latter Is becoming so important that j toniorrow morning, when ths 13li
the less essential work of turnin? I Hudson model is placed on d.:spuy
out Ford car must be reduced, or, if jet the Bisbee Auto company's sales-
M".V YORK. Mauh 9. JJuwial weather and scarcity of merchantable
reductions were registered by iaipor'-.grades s.renstaoaed .the corn mar
ant stocks today. Reading suffered ket today. Prices closed steady, i
an extreme reaction of 2 points, net higher, with March $1.28 and Mat
Union 1'acKic 3 and other rails, as $1.27. Oats finished quarter csnt
well as promm?cnt ndustnais, Mup- , up. in provisjo, u.-s outcome rai'?
Pittsburgh Jerome 80
iRar Here 4tt
'Santa Rita 1-32
IToro Reed 204
1'nited East era 4'i
Tuolonine 95
V?rda Extension 3S
Verde Combination
West End 77
Wolverine-Arizona 14
White Caps "4
Wright Martin 8
necessary, crowded out altogether.
High raw material costs are another
factor which until now the company
has coped with by developing eccn
room. There are no imponant
rhanf.es in the Hudson model this
reason, although the designers are
sesponsible for a number of minor iu;
omies in manufacturing and distrib- j provements and refinements.
ping equipments, and specaities l to
2 points.
The decline probsbly resulted frc.-.i
a combination of profit taking nnd
selling, phorts putti.ig out new lines
on foreien advices which suggested
a ft-h Teutonic offensive on l.e
western front. Sales amounted to
270,000 shares.
Domestic dev?lopments embraced
the February statemen of the 1'nited
States Steel corporation, showing a
decrease in unfilled tonnage of not
quite 209.000 tons, against the moder
ate increase of preceding month.
Last week's severe contraction in
bank reserves was fully rectified, the
actual excess expanding by almost
$43,000.00. Rjserves of members in
the federal banks also disclosed a
gain of more than $53,000,000 againt
the recent loss of almost $50,000,000.
Today's bond market, including lib
erty loans, was steady on light trail
ing. Sales, par value, aggregated $1,-750.000.
United Slates 4's old issues lost
ed from 2 centa decline to a rise of
12 cents.
Traders also were inclined to look
for a more general domestic shipping
call next week. In addition, rece'.pts
here showed some falling off and
there was further disquiet over rural
complaints of a scarcity of cars.
Week and evening up of trades
strengthened oats. Receipts w?re
meager and shorts seemed to hav-s
over exerted themselves selling in
of government crop report.
Notice taken of the huge supply of
cured meats in the west had a bear
ish influence of provisions. The ef
fect, however, soon wore off, largely
as a result of increasing strength of
quotation on hogs. :
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 9. Bar silver,
85.
,s per cent on call during the week, j 33 points.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 9. Unfavorable
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 9. Cotton clos
ed steady at a net decline of 28 to
Announcing the Opening of the
EBLAN.
GARAGE
In the Building Formerly Occupied by the
Long Trail Garage in Johnson, Addition
UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF PAT SMITH AND J. F
COOLEY, who has been employed by the Long Trail Garage for the
past six months. Mr. Cooley will have charge of the Borlerland Garage
repair shop and wilt be pleased to see his many friends in his new
quarters.
General Repair' Work Storage,! Gasoline and Repairs
All Work
Guaranteed
orderland Garage
GIVE US
A TRIAL
All Your Battery Needs
Distilled water every two
weeks, regular hydrometer
tests, and occasional thermom
eter readings in hot weather or
when you're running your car
long distances that's themost,
and the least, you can do for
your battery.
Let us help you make sure
of that little difference between
a dead battery and a live on,
high cost
and low.
of electric power
Even the best battery will
wrear out some day. Before
that time comes, let us show
you the Still Better Willard
with "Threaded Rubber Insula
tion, recently put on sale after
two years remarkable perform
ance in 35,000 cars.
11
oilman
Central Theater Building , -
& Wv right
LOWELL
WVMi
WELL
SWT
I
LARGE RESERVE.
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW OKK, March 9. The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for the week shows
that they hold $55,163,290 reserve in
excess cf legal requirements. This Is
an increase of $42,652,440 from last'
CORN May, $1.27: $127?,.
OATS May. 896; 89V
COTTON March, 32.10; 31.85.
NEW YORK, March 9 W think
any favorable effect of the railroad
III! will be discounted by the 8t-jcii!
market In a substantial upturn In the!
rail shares. Such stocks as Readnn.j
Union Pacific. Southern and Noul
ern Pacific, and Atchison are very
tittiactive at going levels.
LOGAN & BRYAN.
OATMAN.
(By Collins A Brethcrton.)
Bid
Argo 07
Adams 02
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom R. .-.
Gold Ore 40
Jioundary Cone 02
Gold Road Bonanza 04
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 03
Snnnyslde 03
Tellurlde 12
Tom Reed 2.04
United Eastern 4.82
United Northern "2
United Western .02
Red Lion ... ... --..
Iffy. ft'r?. ' -
.10
.25
.os;
.411
03
.05
.05
.15
.04'
04 I
I
2.03 j
.03!
.25
. week.
LOAN EXPANSION.
(Fly Review Leaaed Wire)
WASHINGTON, March 9. A: ten
dency toward loan expansion was ev!
i dent in tonight's federal reserve
board's weekly financial statement.
i Bills discounted for members and
i i federal reserve banks and bills booglt
, in open market were $18,000,000 eaih
i more than last week.
I
I Teleohone No. 763. JOHNSON ADDITION. Telephone No. 763. I
-
NEW YORK.
Closing Qutations, March 9,
(By L. J. Overlock.)
Anaconda
American Can
American Car
American l.ocomotive
American Smelter
American Sugar
Baldwin
Beth B
C. & O
CF.il
Canadian Pacific
Central Leather
Crucible
Distillers
Erie
General Motors ,
Industrial Alcohol
Lackawanna
Mnxwell '.. ..
Marine
Marine Pd
MiAvale '.. ..
Mexican Petroleum .. ..
New York Central .. ..
Northern Pacific '.
Reading
Rubber
Republic Steel
Mudebaker
Steel
S'tcel P.'d
St. Paul
Southern Pacific .. ..
Sinclair
Texas Oil
Union Pacific
U. S. M
Westinghouse
1918.
. C34
. 40 ;i
. 73
. 66
. 31 -i
. 105
. 77 i
. 79'4:
. 574,
. 39-H !
. 14C4'
. 71V
. 631 !
. 33 V
. is :
. 124 ;i
. 120 j:
. 3014 1
. 29 j
. 284!
. 37',,
. 43 J
. 954!
. 73 J
. 83Vt t
. 81;8 '
. 66-'
. 30 U
. 16 '4 i
. 9i:4
. 110
. 43 '4
. 87
in
. 1-'h
4fi
OTHER CURBS,
Gadsden '
Green Monster
llutte London
Dundee . .
Venture Hill
Pittsburgh-Jerome
Jerome Verde
Arkansas-Arizona
Jerome Portland
Inspiration Needles .. ..
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Wolverine-Arizona 1
Verde Combination . .
Miami Consolidated . .
Nacozarl Consolidated
Verde Apex
Porphyry Cop 1.
Calumet & Jerome 1
Feather River
:s7
62
.12
.75
.SO
.62
.08
.06
.40
.18
.62
62
.03
00
31
.(!)
.14
1.00
.06
.84
.CJ
.11
.12
.45
1.S7
.75
.10
42
.12
1.06
1.42
.12
Heat and friction
cazmot hurt this tire
Why PnJium Proctmt RuUr
t odds milmagi t Rpch!i- iirca
Hear, the rri destroyer of rubber, is caused principally
by friction.
Prod;um Process Rubber (the wonderful new compound
used exclusively on Republic tires) possesses anti-skid end
traction qualities which reduce friction to a minimum.
In pinion to tMi, IWIum Process Rubber will withstand
a higher :cn:pcraturc thxn any material overused on a tire
Ths rer.uk ir; tht Republic Prodium Process tires arc
o!:to.t prekif zptins: the damaging results of ovcr-hcatinj;.
Clet a umpk- strip of this wonderful new rubber. Try to
break it. Its great tensile strength is another of ks advait
tics owr dl other tire trcadi
Western Vulcanizing Works
Johnson Addition
Had in (h Stulith Black Triad
Announcement
LOWELL
We have been fortunate in securing the serv
ices of G. P. Kirkland, one oi the best vulcani
zers in the state, and we are now prepared to
handle all kinds of vulcanizing ana rubber re
pair work.
Lcf, Us Build Mites Into Your Worn Out Tires
Lowell Motor Company
PHONE 758
"BOSTON.
Adventure
Allou;i
Alaska
Ari7ona Commercial . .
1
53
Hi
13
American Zinc 16
Butte 22
C. & A. 6S'4
C. & H 430
Copper Range 45
Chino 14
Chile ' 16
East Butte 99s
Granby 74
Green Can 40'
Goldfield 35
Hancock .. $4
Indiana 85
Inspiration . 43
Kcnnecott 32
Lake S
1 Salle 3
Mohawk 62'
North Hutte 15V
Nevada 18 V
Nip 3
Old Dominion 40'i
Osceola 59
Pond Creek 19
Qiiincy 72
Kay Con 23"
Shattuck .. ..V ... 16'i
Shannon 5
Superior I lost on 274
St. Mary's 51
I 'tah Copper 81
Utah Con 11
Winona l1
i CURSS.
Arkansas & Arizona ..
I Austin
Arizona SilvcnKing .
' Big Ledge
Hu'te & Lcndon .. ..
1 Con. Arizona
' Con. Copper
; Curtlss
; Cornelia
I Pcnn
! I ''lndee
I UniTva
! I"' de-al Oii
Ni'dsden
;. M'list.r
l:!Hiid
Mn'l
Heila
'nspimtw n N?cdies ..
Jerome Vcrd? ,
.'erome Victor
A'agnia Conner . . . .
Mi'gma Chief ..... . .
Mucn'ite
! Mi-'.iiil Con
..1
..4
7 !
!
5-16 ;
515
12 i
'I
36
16 '.4 '
20 i :
'i '
3'4
2'i !
's
r
40
7-16
1-15
36 I
3-16
". :
1-12'
r
Buy Your
Business Stationery
In Bulk
Why pay extra money for fancy
boxes and wrappings? Get it with
out the frills, cut to any size you
wish, made up into pncka:es, pocis
cr tablets to suit your needs.
We have a very good grade of
TYPEWRITER PAPER which
we are selling at $1.00 per ream
(bjixl l inches)
Also a good assoitment of
Envelopes all sizes
Ruled Index Cards
Mailing Tubes assorted
Carbon Paper
Blotting Paper, Etc.
3 -v- 4"
ILIUUlg.
R
JVU
eview
Department
Upstairs SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 10, 1918.
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
HEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
i regular meeting. Hot waffle- w on in'mlur of the Y. M. C. A. under IS
jthe bill of fare. Tne meal was pre-. year of age will have an npportunitv
jparde by Mrs. Parish and Mrs. Barton, to run.
tl A BaM&;i tha nr&aliVnt nf the
club, presided in good form and nan- Lester Ferrel is treasurer for the
AFTER ALL MAYBE FISH 1VILL T71X V'AU; 'AT AXY
. RATE BIG DRIVE OX F1XXV TRIBE IS BE1XG LAUXCIIED
died the 'business with dispatch. The boys' V. si. ( a. war fund. All boys.
constitution, which has been held up
for several meetings, was adopted,
i Mr. Morley Rave the boys a short tall
on religion and the war. Hereafter
Hi mi? liump 01 ine regular ciuif Br.iuii
j all boys who wish to will
30 minutes of Bible study.
who have not paid their subscriptions
are requested to do so at the earliest
possible date. All subscriptions are
due on or before April 1.
Chauncev Mitchell has recently be-i
engage in come very niu'h interested in nasKet
ball.
Jack Land rum. captain of the blues
in the junior gymnasium contest, says f neips Dodge store,
he can beat any of the reds running joined the Y. M. C. A.
Malcolm Miller, who works at the
has recently
You are a "Y" man. ' aggravated nature. Mr. ThornhiH is
You are proud of it. i the author of books which have re-
You are particuierly glad to be as- j ceived quite a large sale "Adventures
sociated with an institution that is; in Africa" and "Under the British.
taking such a real part in. the great I Belgian and Portuguese Flags." He
.v MX. "p . . e ms .7 1 "v short or long dUtance. Henry Stod-
You know how wonderfudy the ; ren district for some time in the gm c tain of the reds, savs he will - NEW CURRENCY 'SSUE.
organization has expanded to meet! hope of permanently recuperating. have tQ 8nown At the close of the EL PASO, Texas. March 10. A new
its great rseponsibiliry in the war l and has accepted a position with tbe I gymnasium contest in April there will Issue of currency will be circulated by
You known that the . M. ( . A. in. Copper Queen Mining company. : a re,ay race for betwe3r tn- tbe n.w bank 0j i!SUP a. Mico n,r
Fl.ite of a.11 its expansion is just asj - a of JQ an(J u inclus;Te. Every, on April 1.
efficient as ever and growing more so) G. Ellis Fry, the genial office assist-,
every day. i ant. has just received word rrom his
Hut vou know that you can't have a ; brother in . New York city that he i
big. strong "Y" "over there without j leaves for France within the next week j
a big. strong "Y" riiTit here. ; and will endeavor to do his bit as an
You and 1 who are Tiere murt "keep j aviator.
the home fires burning till the boys
come home."
We must "carry or." liere and nor.
You can do a" "bit" by getting a
member a day. k
Rring 'era in sin 'em up.
Ti ev'll be glad and so will you.
Thomas Egan, secretary of the Com
mercial club, is a daily visitor nov at
the association building.
Va'l8e Badger,
merelHT of tbe "Y'
sho has been a
for the past nine
Reputation is what men thirk we
are. Character is what God sees we
are.
The electric light sweat bto will
months, leaves Monday for Camp rre- soon ue rrauij. mis is uuu sure
ni.ni fni hae miner me .iimn n-"
ene'neers. Ke did not wait
draf;.
i
I
1
5
a
for the gout, rhemuatism, and is especially
jsure of eradicating the grouch. i
t
The Spanish club will give its first
when en-
chilades. tamales, tortillas, penole.
-t" . - . t i In ..m.It.1 nf o
"v " .banquet Sunday at 4 p. m
ahcrt messaw from H. JM j': ' chilades. tamales. tortillt
e:.M., .. frijoles. chile con carne.etc. will be
sedation who left several months ago
to jcin the aviation ccrps it Chicago,,
but bocsuse cf his sn.all stature was; three-team
turned down for ts:s "?,,,,,, .a, .- ..lM.,i .v. ...
finally whs accents by tie medical,, . , - .. . . '
V. . K 1 l.. V. ...... . n . T. . .
T-;t4 Srt army ' "" ""-'- -" "
of en organized and capiains appoi
denartmet of th
and is now- located wit'- many
of the Bisbee boys at Fort Riley. Kas.
Any of the friends who wish to wrte; -
him should address him care of de
tachment hospital.
uc-i M
ive 9
n't- I
V. Montgomery, who has been an
The Morning Study club met last
.- Sundays The leader was M. H. Don-
- aldson. "Christianitv and Social Serr
So many reasons nave been givea , ,ce- wag tbe subj-ect 0 tbe discussion,
through the columns of the News Let-; Tne next jng 111 continue the
ter why a. man should take regular, oi9Cnssion of tbe duty of a man toi
and systematic exercise in the 6-y-:his eurrotipdings. "What Does Society
nasinm tnat the physical director. Mr.i0we Mer. win be tbe question.
Morley, has recently compneo m tuiu
parison and contact ten reasons w.hyj
every man m tne warren """"' m active njember around the "Y" leaves'
should not take exerc;se. Following f . 1...1.. o.-,j- t
oro the reason: ,wiji jmm t0 BIsbee after a month's
1. You might have ome fun. Taratlon He bas ia the employ
2. You might take sime newjof L. L. Oilman during his stay in the
friends. icity
3. You might so improve yocr an-. "
penrance that ycur friends would not The bugines3 ygy cas will
know you. j teach the individual student what he
4. You micht become sd full ol, (edg tQ knQW abp))t thft Iang,lage
snap and vigor that you could not re-nieptR Tnegdayg and Fr;daj3 at 1:30
strain yonrsei: imiii uvciui. land 7
5. Ycu might become so strong that
r...l.l A tAA 1r.?tz nrpiintl trie 1
luum " ' . . . -n-im- T..1 .i 1 1 -
eutJr wood or bring-: -a
ijfri vi me i iur nuiuc i imc. iravtrs
The AKIZONA OIL & REFINING COMPANY IS
PRILLING it will continue to drill. This company
is 60 days ahead of any company in the field. IT IS
60 DAYS NEARER THE OIL
This company is the "FOUNDATION" for every
company operating in the field this company raised
more money than nv other company and has a larger
am c unt of cash in the treasury today than any other
company. This is the company that Dr. E. A. Edwards
is witli thi3 Is the company that the State Treasurer
of Arizona, David F. Johnson, is connected with. This
is the company that is being "talked
about" this is the company whose
first in New lork.
5- r P hum
shf.res
be traded
Arizona
p. m.
you
house, such as
6 You mitlt create such an a!pe-;for San Francisco to enter training
tite that the folks at tome miglt com- j as a seaman in the electrical depart
plain that you eat too much. imL He will be stationed at Goat
7. You misht never get sick, ani island.
therefore be unable to take a day off
now and then. The last set of films wrere remark-
8. You might take too many baths 'abel and entertaining. They gave the
as p. result. complete process in films of the mak-
9. You ni'gM be able to run for a'lng of the Elgin watch, of a hand
car without being winded. jsaw nd of a stenographer. The next
10. Ye-u might become so eraceful j free film will be Saturday. The sub
in your movements and so light onjject will be announced later.
your feet that you friends would net
recognize yon by your walk. , j At the request of the newspaper
.man. tbe Weeklv News Letter goes to
The assoc i iticn is pushin? the thrirt press on Thursday hen-arter. and for
campaign among tho members with ! th's reason the staff of reoorters are
encouraging results. As a form or in- requested to bring In their dope by,
formation t.Vft bullciins rr" posted, noon of that day. I
on a blackboard in tlie lobby and J
evcrv mcmlier ha' ?t onnortunftr to- Frank Juliff will represent the C. &l
secure fir-t-band ipform?tion rogard-jA. on the education committee. j
int? Uiis worthy government prop-.
canda. The general secretary and L. L. Gil-!
I
1 iSTil'l
!1 tSSflC P
i mmmm
iff rmXViTZ
I
UmWH&'llWZ-'- - i-'-.W4it?l'- eries Company, the first of fleet of
ifl?rV&?r: 'l-:yt:.1?i?Tl -1 ten trawlers being built to brinp in
C : ' yH 4 three million pounds of fish week.
Kt& iS$fe:&i& company has put $10,000,000
li?M-"V. ; : '-. v'U,i?--''V ----,.-v"" int0 the project and hopes to be a
pyT ' ."r reat aid to Hoover in the c.;serva-
fj&LJ-lt- ff.tion of beef and pork.
1 Nr. ...wi'it
1 1 : , . i i ... j
it" v k w, i
lit" rT I
if
Above Whalers on Atlantic coast.
Below First of fleet of stvnm
trawlers ready for launching to
help Hoover.
Now comes the cry from the food,
administration: "Fish may win the
war." And the photos show that if
the fish are to be a factor they will
be a power on the side of the allies.
In one photo Atlantic coast fisher
men, are busily cutting up whale
carcasses for food. In the other is
shown, ready for launching, a big
steam trawler of the Eastern Fish-
Pay 10c now and 10c when we strike oil
in commercial quantities.
We deliver certificates upon payment of
first 10c.
These figures will be advanced as drilling
processes.
Colored map of the oil field free.
Genera! Securities Investment Corp.
Chamber of Commerce Building,
Phoenix. Arizona.
BISPEE OFFICE MOOSE HOTEL.
t-L. PASU,
yZ-i&I T - - - i ed the rj
. . r- r.' y--l . A ' S I cut out a
CATTLEMEN COMPLAIN
OF LACK QF PUNCHERS
Texas, March 9. Wav
End the moving picturea have deplet
ed the ranks of cowboys to round up.
and herd catle.
Amonett, secretary of the Pan
handle Southwestern Stockmen's as
sociation, says the cattlemen are all
complaining because of a scarcity of
labor cn the cattle ranches. The army .
has drawn heavily on the ranches fo"
men. especially the cavalry. The dralt
took many more while the moving pic
ture companies have commandeered
other cowbovs to make the western
films.
This has led to the older cattlemon
returning to the sac'.JlJ for work on
the range to Jake tbe place of the
young men who have gone.
Coming This Week
Dr. H. W. SW1GERT. Arizona's reliable optometrist, will be in
Bisbee at the the Copper Queen Hotel on his res-ular visit. Wednes
day. Thursday and Friday. March 13, 14, loth.
"THE RESULT OF EXPERIENCE" during long years of hard
work and study is an ability to serve you in ways distinctly our
own. Our methods do away with old time "guessing" and make our
examinations scientifically certain. Your glasses are ground hi our
own factory. One firm responsible for your complete satisfaction. We
guarantee results. '
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, March 13th, 14th, 15th.
THE-SWIGERT BROTHERS OPTICAL CO.
Established 1902
1550 California Street.
DENVER, COLORADO
man motored to Douglas Thursday.
A surprise H in stcr? icr the mem-
bers of the association along the mu-. Word has been received from G. P.
sical lines. One of the members re-;Mize!l from Camp Funston. He was
ported rcently 'that he was organic-j one of the "Y" members who joined;
trio of musical taieni cons:iius ( me army aooui two roontns ago.
ing a
of violin
oiano and clarinet
Following Is a list of new members
The latest organization of th.e edu-jand renewals who have joined the'as
cational denartment .an electrica' 'lnb ; sociation durng the w'eek: O'to Krue
fostered by P. C. Lyman, an expe-t ; gar. C. A. Johnson, F. J. Campbell
electri?!an bimse'f, and one vho iAntonv J. Petsche. W. J. R'chards
interested in assisting hi? fellows tojlt. J. Hart. R. J. Newnhsm. Erwin Nel
gain Eime concrete know'"5n:e of th'-son. L. F. Belasco. H. D. McMillin. J.
mysteries of electricity. The club or-J. Stager. J. L. oacharv. A. B. Carter,
canizafion will be effected next Tues-; Thomas F. Cody, T. M. Enperson. D.
dav niibt at 6 o'clock, and every man i H. Broraberg. J. J. Ryan. G. H. New-
in the Warren district who is Inter-jbury. J. B. Eason, A. M. Glitz. Mar-!
ested in paip'ne knowledge or Infor- icelino Prieto. E . J. Krone, Dewey j
m?tlon aTcn? the e'.sctri-al linos s : Lawrence, Nemo Deb!y, J. S Hnehes
invited to be present. iJr.. J. F. Hambrick. Ttamon Timbres I
' H. N. Des.'iazo. Baotiste Garter, W. J.
W. H. Pool, a prominent member cf Vollmer. T. M. Cheetham.
the association, -r-' -ne of the mot..! . I
enthusiastic boosters, wishes t' a"-
noince to'h's m;nv friends that th's strate pluggers and stooers.
is the third time he has rjuit smok
Inf.
Greater Activity Every Day in This Field
10c-Arizona 0il-10c
Pay 1 0c now and 1 0c when oil is produced.
This company' is ACTUALLY DRILLING for oil-nd
has funds to continue drilling.
Get the REAL facts of G. L. STRONACH,
Moose Hotel ' Bisbee, Arizona
GIVEN 8-HOUR DAY.
(By Review Leased W1re
PORTLAND.. Ore., March 10. An S
hour day with ten hours pay and time
and one-half for overtime was decid
ed upon today by Colonel R. P. Disque.
United Suites sienal corps in charge
of the government's aeroplane spni-e
production campaign to be applied be
ginning March 10 to the white pinc
industry In Oregon.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co, Boston, Ouluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK ANO CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Erra B. Rider, chief of the efficiency
department of the Copier Queen, de-'
livered rn interestine address before I
the Men's Sunday club last
afternoon.
Next week Mr. Doscher will demon-
All those k
who have seen the machine demons) ra-i
tions now goig on will wish to see the
improvements shown by Mr. Doscher.
Boys' Department
Three of the boys gymnasium
Siui1?t: classes are holding a contest to last
relating some facts regard-! until tbe middle of April. Each class
ing the early organization of the Y i Is divided Into two teams for comnett
M. C. A. anrt of his recent experience tlon. and individual records are being
as army Y .M. C. A. screfarr at tliejmade. The following ts a list of
big cantonment at Camp Cody. New! events with the winner from each
Mexico jcla3s and the record rath hps mde:
Standing broid jump, Junior, Jack
Te Current Events cluh renewed j Landrum. 6 ft S in.: Intermediate,
their bi-monthly session tt S'tn-ls-v j Otis Livingston. 8 ft. 2 in.: Employed
afternoon at 7 o'clock. The subject ' Roy. James Fvbr. 7 ft. 2 in.; pull tin.
tinder. discussion was the mcrale of Junior. Pert Morse. 16 tipies: Inter
file various armies of the great war. mediate. Otis Livingston. 17 times:
I Ffrnployed Ilcy, Leonard Wasley. 14
The secretary was triad to receive ; t'mes; hop-sten-juroD, Junior, Jark
a visit from Mcsrs. Stock nd Oaks ,' I andrum. 17 ft. 1 in.: Intermediate,
of San Antonio. Tex. direct from theiOtis Livingston. 21 ft 9 in.; Employed
big armv d"partm-nt of the asaocia-' Poy. Charles Maddem. 19 ft. 6 in.;
tkm at that point, San Antonio being dus1i up. Junior. Bert Morse. 8 times;
the southwestern hcsdmiRrters cf s'l Intermed'ate. Joe Caretto, 55 times:
of the Y. M. C. A. army work. Mr (Employed Boy. Albert Sutcli., 31
Stock is the physical director in 'times; three jumns. Juninr. Chauncey
charge of t.he southwestern section j Mitchell. 20 ft. 8 in.: Intermediate,
and Mr. Oaks, a newspaper man from Otis Livingston. 24 ft. 5 in.; Em-
Chicago, has charge of the genera! . ployed' Bov. Jim Fvhr, 22 ft. 2 In.;
Spring and Summer
'FABRICS AND FASHIONS FOR THE NEW SEA
SON HAVE ARRIVED. YOU ARE INVITED TO
CALL AND INSPECT OUR STOCK.
You should sec us, at least, before making your
selection of a spiing suit.
Here, you will receive custom tailored quality
fabrics, individually designed, at reasonable prices, from
$35 up.
FRUITMAN'S T'jitlnvc For Men
ashionable dllUI o and Women
Phone 74. Hughes Block, Opposite Central School.
We make up garments from your own materials.
Remodeling and rcJining.
For Heating
publicity
tion.
fofi the south wietem soc-
one-minnte run. Junior. Jack Landrum.
Intermediate: Otis Livingston, Em
ployed Boy. Douglas McGregor; bas-
The secretary is glad to acknowl-'ketball goals, one minute. Junior. Les
edge a visit recently from John Pens- lie Oilman. 11: Intermed'ate. Morris
ley ThornhiH. a prominent English Kelly. 21 : Employed Boy, Douglas Mc- j
author and lecturer. Mr. Thornh'll - Gregor, 17. j
has recently returned from the'
tr?nche of France. hav(ne sncnt ninel T boys of the Hi-Y club were par-!
rucnths "over there," and was perma-j f icnlnrly well -nleased witn the feed j
nently dscliarged, due to illness of an received last Monday evening at their ,
The Body of
Our Paint
is pure white lead. It Is mixed with
turpentine or pure linseed oil ac
cording to whether It Is to be used
for in or outside work. There is no
grit in it; no adulterants to make
its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always get their supplies
her. Wouldn't it be wise for you
to follow their example.
Bisbee Lumber Company, in
EMIL. MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE
C
t
The portable gss heater will take the chill off quickly and make the
dining room comfortable at meal time, end it will be found conveni-'
ent, too, for heating the bed room and bath room. Any home with-
out a central heating plant has use for a gns heater. We carry sev
eral different types prices $1.75 to $9.00... See them as well as
other gas appliances at our store.
Bisbee Improvement Co. SEVEN
i
THE BiSBLE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 10, 1918.
4
1 '
REVIEW WANT ADS
L .Advertisement under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word lor each
Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach
The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for Insertion the next morning.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Bellboy.
Queen hotel.
Apply Copper
534
:EN WANTED to learn airplane and
automobile business in Detroit. Ex-
jM-rience not necessary. Can earn !
L lie learning. Excellent opportun-j
ii v for advancement. Address Na-'
tional Training Corporation, 702
V cod ward Ave., Detroit, Mich. 652
WANTED Man for general farm
viork, single man preferred. Steady
work at good wages. Phone No. 2
or P. O. Box 1283. 615
WANTED A truck gardener, a mar
ried man to woik ci shares, every
thing furnished. Apply Bert Mor
ton, Taylor rridge. Sulphur Springs
valley. 423
LEARN actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio engineer
ing. Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, Los Angeles. Catalog free.
230
A SPARE TIMP. MONEY MAKEh
Another big jensation created by
discovery of K.ediclne mine, down in
Mississippi. Just like radium it Is
til-jng the country, by storm Chein
isis. Doctors Mid thousand o' tests
prove it strangest, most successful
medicine for blood, kidney, rheuma
tism and stomach complaints. .Write
for folder. Become exclusive agent.
Make money Big profits. Papers
full of it in East now. Write Ferro-
c"lne Chemicar Corp., Roanoke, Va.
No Hmoney needed. 669
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Lady for plain cooking, 71
- itrewery Gulch, Ozark House. 626
WANTED Young lady bookkeeper!
and cashier. Apply Box R, Lowell. '
6it
WANTED Reliable girl or woman to
t-.ke care of baby during day. F. D., j
Review. 697 j
A .SPARE TIME MONEY MAKER
Another big sensation created by
' discovery of medicine mine, down In
' itslssippt .'ust like radiu.-n it is"
Likmg the oc. ntry by storm. 'hf:is
iir. Doctors rd thousands of
prove it strangest, most successful
medicine for Wood, kidney, rheuma
tism and stonr.ach complaints. Write
frr folder, become exclusive agent.
Make money. Big profits. Papers
' tall of it In East now. Write Ferro
1 ne Chemical Corp., Roanoke, Va.
No Hmoney needed. 669
l
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position as plain cooker
or chambermaid. B. V., care Review
659
WANTED For day's1 work. Call 852
Black. wi ,.i ... i -,'?09
For Sale
FOR SLE Native walnut trees graft
ed to French varieties, by C. R.
'liederman, Hereford, Ariz. 621
j
FOR SALE 5 room house Tombstone j
. Canyon, fruit trees and well, $600 1
rah, bal, terms. Hogan & Seed, !
Phone 10. ' . 624 '
FOR SALE Tractor and plows suita-1
ile for hauling or belt work. W. H. I
Murphy, McNeal. 620 1
FOR SALE One 5 and 7 passenger
Overland car, Brophy Garage and
Supply Co., Lowell. 628
FOR SALE 5,000 shares Great Ray
or Michigan Verde mining stock,
m would exchange for residence or
food auto. Address Box 2003 Bis
bee or M. W Review office. 647
FOR SALE Boarding house. 10 room I
of furniture goes with It. at a bar-1
Kain if taken at once. Se!!ii:s tn
Bi-cuum oi leaving district JUd. G.
to Howarter. 2rl Cowan RiJxs. Ia. x ',
l S04
FOR SALE 2, 3. 4(
5 room houses.
oft drink sund. Upper
Gslch, D. P. RossL
Brewerv j
757 j
FOR SALE: Cheap, ranch with good
pumping plant, 12 horsepower en
gine. Apply J. E. Brophy. LowelL
' 4S
FOR SAL'S Furniture three room
apartment, everything new, apart
ment rents for ?30 a month and has
just been completed. Warren, off at
new hospital station, walk due east
about 10-i yards, double house Name
Hollen. Don't investigate unless
you appreciate nice things. Very
reasonable. 537
PETEY DINK He Ought to Know by This Time. ' 1 ' , Bj C A. V01CHT
For Sale
FOR SALE A house 1 mile from post
I oftice. Mr. Geo. Ward. Box 1699.
I 805
FOR SALE Furnished house 3 rooms
and bath. Mason Hill, Metz car stop
ujitk of Parters. 666
i
FOR SALE Dilb Bulbs. Mrs. Small
l.:-zard St., Warren, Ariz. 665
FOR SALE 4 room modern house
! fii rished complete. 57 O. K. St. 664
FOR SALE: 4 room house furnished
complete for 2 small families, 62 Up
p r Lowell.- 663
SEJL OR EXCHANGE 320 acres of
laud in Sulphur Spring Valley for
Ziuuse in Warren or Upper Torab
ncne Canyon. Mrs. Annie Kinsella
J.tLsion Hotel, Benson, Ariz. 65S
r"OR SALE: 6 room house, Cochise,
all improvements suitable for 2 fam
ines, $500 can handle this, balance
like rent. Apply McDougall, con
tractor, opposite Lincoln School,
1 1 ipbstone Canyon.' 672
t)it SALE Two Ford touncj cl
See Shideler on the Jitney :wnti:e
831
FOR SALE New modern home, gar
age, 25 income month. Box 1982
. . 804
j RULED INDEXCARDS 5x3 inches.
ior saje at Keview joa Department
j . -' V 315
i FOR SALE Ford touring car, will ex
change for Jerome-Portland stocV
Box 1347. 30S
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond.
paper, 81-2x11. at $1.00 per 501
sheets. Review Job Dept.
FOR SALE At a sacrifice on account
of sickness the Home Industry Fur
niture store and lodging house worth
$2500 and if taken at once $1650 wiL
buy this great money maker. It hat
a good cash trade and is doing t
good business. This great bargain
ought to be taken up at once at one
Jurd its real value, at $1500. Inquire
at the Home Industry Furniture
store, Lowell, Arizona. 146
! IF YOU WANT A HOME 1 will sell
I yon the lot and build you a house.
; Terms to suit purchaser. Wm. Mc
! Dougal, contractor and builder.
Tombstone Canyon opp. Lincoln
! School. 479
FOR SALE R. L. red and white Leg
horn baby chicks with the lay, bred
' In them. Ask for price lii. R. C
j Herald, R. 3. Phoenix, Aril. 3SJ
RELINQUISHMENT to good tract oi
i land close to McNeaL $300. E. P
i Grindell, McNeaL 618
j
iFOR SALE Pure bred white anc
'.crown leghorn chicks, $12.50 . per
j 100. Send $2 per 100 with order.
will ship C. O. D. Forester's Hat
cbery. Route No. 3, Phoenix, Ariz
FOR SALE One John Deek 14 In. rid-
ing plow, has been used one season,
i Inquire 21 Tate Hill, Johnson Addi
I tion or address Mrs. Clara E. Fletch
! er. Box 3424 LowelL 704
FOR SALE R. I. Reds. Barred Rocks
and White Leghorn baby chicks that
live, breeding stock and eggs. J
Allcrt Liggett, R2 Phoenix, Ariz. 103
FOR SALE 6 room house furnished
I complete, lot 70x140, garage 12x11.
' concrete cellar, fruit trees & shrubs,
j Address p. O. lox 963 or Phone 46u
warren. E. D. Mathews. 37
FOR SALE CHEAP Spaa good work
mules. Brophy Carriage Co:, LowelL
676
FR SALE Uncalled for sutt. M.
LTin Tailoring Co.. Lowell. 9M
. H.
IIIUVCUOIKVIU
MDAK FILMS developed free. Prints
f"'m 2c to 5c each. Write for price
I rt. D. H. and F. G. Roush, P. O.
P:-x 44 Long Beach, Cal. 654
GOSSAKD CORSETS FOR SAI
j ALL 1 CORSETS FITTED. Over
' Independent Fuel Store. Upner
i Main. 23 i
i
, RULLT) INDEX CARDS 5x3 inche. I
for sale at Review Job Department,
j 315
, TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper. 8 1-2x11. at $1.90 per 500
; ph'-ets. Review Job Dept.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
For Rent
Ff'IV RENT Fjrnished housekeepi it
p.rfcrtments, 1S9 Temby Avenue, one
block north of h!gh school. 687
I'OR RENT Apartment, three rooms
&nd bath, modern, furnished or un
tarnished, very desirable. Inquire
L R. Allen, new house Locklin Ave.
693
FOR RENT One room cabin. Apply
Mason Hotel, LowelL 696
I-OK RENT 2 room house furnished,
no children. 16 Cowan Ridge, near
topper Queen Hospital. 694
FOR RENT Four room house with
t nth. furniture for sale. 126 1-2 Quar
ry Canyon. 1.6".
FOR RES'T 3 room unfurnished
rocse, William Slyney, Locklin Ave..
Tombstone Canyon. 661
FOR RENT Three room furnisueu
noase, 237 School Hill. G2U
FOR RENT Room suitable for office
or small business. Apply Long Trail
Garage, Main Street, Lowell. 648
'OR RENT 5 room cement block
house in Warren. Hoan & Seed.
602
FOR RENT 3 room house. Inquire
Tamany Hall or S3 Young blood Hill.
686
OR RENT Garage. Inquire Tam
many Hall, Brewery Gulch or 83
Youngblood Hill. 569
furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Furnished room; close
in: outside entrance. Phone Black
70S. G. O. Roades. 655
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms
hts and water, reasonable. 56
I pper LowelL 667
FOR RENT Furnished rooms in War
ren, large well ventilated front room
outride entrance, newly furnished
2 blocks from car line, terms, mod
ern. For particulars call Black 516
J.unday. Geo. E. Wilcox. 695
FO.-t RENT One nice large house
keeping room with light, water, bath
l-.i-ck house, opposite Loretta school
' ' 660
FOR RENT 2 furnished rooms toi
l.fht housekeeping, 31 O. K. Street
FOH RENT Two furnished light
housekeeping rooms, light and water
f"ec; large perch. Cheap to right
rrty. 153B Ttmby Ave. 612
FOR RENT Cool, sanitary, fireproof
rooms, outside entrance, reasonable,
bouse behind saw mill, Brewery
I't'ch. 627
FOH RENT Housekeeping rooms.
l:ght and water. 4 IB O. K. St. 625
'OR RENT Z furnished rooms. 31
O. K. Street. 623
FOR RENT Large bedroom. Apply
inird house from car stop, Mason
Addition. . 622
FOR RENT Mt-dern 3 room apirt
mtnt, sleepin,- porch, uufun;5a!ied,
no children, first house to right end
csr line. Tombstone Canyon. Blue
801
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms, 25
J. E. T. SL . , 646
FOR RENT A batching room and a
sleeping room, close in. 0-127 School
Hill 651
7C. RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms with piano, no chil
dtcn. 237 Mason Hill. Phone 548.
615
FOR RENT 2 partly furnished rooms
also 2 rooms suitable for either 2 or
4 persons. Everything clean. No.
' 11 Tank Hill. 627
FOR RENT Room suitable for two
gentlemen. 63 O. K. Street. 673
IULED INDEX CARDS 5x3 Inches,
for sale at Review Job Department. I
315
JOOSE HOTEL Furnished rooms
J2.00 per week and up. C77
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond
paper. 81-2x11. at $1.0u per 5'JO
sheets. Review Job Dept.
TOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. 49 O. K. Street 333
LOST
!f?T Locket and chain in Bisbee or
Warren car. Phone1 783. 649
)ST Saturdav night between Y. W.
C A. and Fair store, long black
leather purse containing check. $10
Mil and smn' change. Return to
Mrs. R. O. OWcn, city hall and re
ceive reward. 698
Wanted
oln our chain or Collect-
:ret Ser4e workers We
v h,,.. .,.r,.
W ANTED Join
ere and Sec
tcsch you. No dues. State Organiz
er wanted. atlonal. Box 25, Sta
t'ou A. Cumberland. Md. 670
WANTED To loan $400, best security '
v r ? Review fi?? i
W ANTED Washing and irontng by a
f-.ood colored hand laundress, can
wash anythins. .Telephone Green
t-ot or call before 7 a. m. or after 5 ing a net area or 20.5.6 acres.
P m. No. 571 2 Brewery Gulch. 671' HOLD OVER "Beginning at Cor.1
; No. 1. the N. W. Cor. whence the W. 4 :
WAITED Fressinaking to do at'Coi. of Section 18. T. 23 S., R. 25 E..
Home. No. 3 Kruger Flats, Warren. 1C. t S. R. B. & M. brs. N 11 55' W. '
651,635.4 feet, thence S. 88 55' E. J494.20
: feet to Cor. No. 2, the N. E. Cor., i
WANTED Boarders an.I roomer x:ti.. o oi. w enn . r- '
- - - -.
Jiggerville. Mrs. C Kirk. C55
iiuvtcti Tn'feiv o A r li,.c.
" ."'T VT ""'Cor., thence N. 2' 24' E. fi.0 feet to
v'-
TYPEWRITER; K-YPHR. good lnnd.
.Trti ;iiii v., -
T?iz inh rw... !
froressionai Cards
1 ,
CLAIRVOYANT. Madame Austina.
see the gifted lady. Marx Hotel.
Lowell, Room. 3. 68.J
;..n,.lt, . ..,.
aIADAME J REA KETS. St. Regis ho-
to!. Lowell Ant Phone 62. CI,"
voyant and crystal reader. Dead
""l? SP , 1 Kdlu.ra tn 'th a
double veil, without asking questions
gives you dates, faces and rfi3ares 1.
and will read your entire life. 5 !o
DRS. NEAL AND PARNET,
v.tHn ;
arians. treat all kinds of animals. 1
Prompt attention to calls, day or
r,l v 1,18 vo. o' !
Dr. Barnett. residence, 718 R-2. 4
WONDERFUL awakened medium
Mrs. Lumpkin Clairvoyant, gifts
seeing, hearing, spiritual discern
ment, describes friends, locates min-
eral at distance, heals sick, diagnos
es disease. South of the bridge be-1
' tween Johnson -Addition and Lowell, j
250
, , 1 1 1 :
Money to Loan
$50,000 TO LOAN an improved city
property "X for building, 0:1 ensv
terms of payment T. A.
over Bank of Bisbee.
Hughes.
2S6
; -
3 MALL quick loans on your personal
note to salsu-ied men and women,
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room
2. Lyric Theatre building.
166
Agents
a I.MS Make big profits selling
our extracts, perfumes, cold creams,
Lce powders, spices, medicines, etc.
I.eontiful highgrade line. Exclusive
U-t ritory. Sample soap free. Lacas-
Sitr Co., Dept. 95, St. Louis, Mo. 653
A SPARE TIM 3 MONEY MAKER
Another big sensation created by
c!i;eovery of .tedicine mine, dowu In
.Vists9ippt, Just like radium it is
. ' o . i . n u i uuiiii ( , .1
iiiKing the feo.rjtry by storm Chem-
i-Is. Doctors iii'd thousands ' rests
I rove it strangest, most successful
nietiictne for blood, kidney, rheuma
t riu and stomach complaints. Write
for folder. Become exclusive agent.
Make money. i Big profits. Papers
full of it in East now. Write Ferro
d r.e Chemical Corp., Roanoke, Va.
. No Hmoney needed. 669
jm -ECKMAtfj-
(Lalcertg
IIYALUABLE FOR COLDS
If takrn In time this Cslrhini romtxwnfl
lrana th risk of rhronlc throat or lunff
trouble. AU the remediei and tonic qu&l
IttM are comh-rd in this Calcium com
pound. No harmful drugs. Try them to-
50 cents a box, including war tax
For sale br an draa-aita
trkaiu Laboratory, I'tulwieipbia)
Legal INotices.
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
THfc BIS BEE-WAR REN COPPER
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3390
U. S Land Office, Phoenix, March 4.
1918. '
Nctice is hereby given that the Bis-bee-Warren
Copper Company, a cor
poration organized and existing under
the laws of the State of Arizona, with
its principal office at the city of Bis-be-?,
by its president and secretary,
thereunto duly authorized by resolu
tion of its board of directors, has made
atpiication for patent for the follow
ing named lode tniniug claims, bearing
copper, pold and silver, situated ia the
Warren Mining District of Cochise
County, State of Arizona, approxi
mately In Section IS, Township 2'5
I South. Range 25 E., and Section 13,'
! 1. 1 ! On,.U Tah-a J TT n 4 .
! I tjw us li 1U a. couiu, ii.aiip.rj 41 , uaoi
i (unapnrovciVtlcHbeJ as follows: f "
! , or.
11. the N. A. Cor., whence the . t
; Cor. of Sec. 18. T. 23 S.. R. 24 E.. G. &
S. K. B. & M., brs. N. 81 55' W. 157.9
feet, thence S. SS qj' E. 1494.20 feet -
o tor- a- 2- the N- Cor- thence ,
S. 2 24' W. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3, the
S. E. Cor., thence N.'88 55' W. 1494.20 I
' feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. W. Cor., 1
' thence N. 2" 24' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. I
1. tne place of the beginning, contain
' t im ill r o. it a . wuv it 11 iu hi.
i No ;!, ,h s. E. cr.. thence N. 88' 55' .
tW 1 414 -'0 feet to for o 4 the s W
1 i4.l4.-0 itei 10 ior. .NO. tne &. .
Acuress i;.,(.(r No , thl, vlwe of ,he bpt;inninK
Icoi.t iinii.i? a net area of 20.576 acres.'
: v ""R.tB I' wtVr"Bes'nn!n l
'.No 1. the S. . Cor., whence the Cor.
for the S. W
Cor. of Sec. 13 and the
N. W. Cor. of Sec. 19 T. 23 S.. R. 25 E..
1 G. & S. R. B. & M. brs.. S. 8 25' W. .
I S33.2 feet, thence N. 2' 24' E.. 6D0 feet.
!tA Cor Xn 2 the NT V Pnr Ihpnw
j s 88' 55' E. 1494.20 feet to Cor. No. 3. !
1 the N. E. Cor., thence S. 2 24' W. 1
1 494.50 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor.. !
thtnee S. S7 03' W. 1500.30 feet to 1
Coi No- j tQe Jace of tne bn. (
containing neT area of 18.767 acres' :
APEX-"Beginning at Cor. .No. 1.
the S. W. Cor., whence the Corner the
s w Cor of Sec 1S and the N w ;
jCo, o( Sec 19t T 23 s R 25 E Q &
s K B M. br3. s. 19. 39- E. 870 9
feet- thence N. 12 27' E. 327.40 feet ,
iu 1 or. .-10. iue a. . . Lur., inence .
S. S7 18' E. 1508 60 feet to Cor. No.'
3. the N. E. Cor., thence S. 12 27' W.
400.70 feet to Cor. No
4. the S. E. Cor..
thence N. 84' 32' W. 14S7.90 feet to ,
! Cot. No. 1. the place of the beginning, 1
H.N rn. lhX gr?UDd', "f th War-
ic gold watch charm. The
tan recover this watch charm hv in-
quiring for "Dad" at the Country
Club and desribinj th3 ohavu ;or
l.-ying for thi ad. 8u3
coi.taining a net area of 5.279 acres
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Horse Shoe lode of this survey .
of i.364 acres and with Sunshine lode !
of this survev of 0.784 acres."
SUNSHINE "Beginning at Cor. No. 1
1. the N. E. Cor., whence the W. M
I Cor. of Sec. IS T. 23 S.. R. 25 E.. G. A
IS. R. B. fr M. brs. N. Si 55' W. 157.9
ifeet. thence S. I' 24' W. 1500 feet to:
. Coi. No. 2. the S. E. Cor., thence S.
al-!66' 17' W. 6GS.20 feet to Cor. No. 3,
the S. W. Cor., thence N. 2 24 E.
1 15'".' feet to Cor. No. 4. the N. W. Cor.,
unence N. 66" J7' E. 66S.20 feet to Cor.
No. 1, the
plnf e
of the beginning, con-
taimnj a net area of 20.660 acres.'
, I NANCY HANKS "Beginning at
. Cor. No. 1. the V E. Cor., whence the
j v Cor. of Sec 18. T. 23 S.. R. 25 E.,
j G. 4cS.it. B.' & M. brs. N. 67 26' E.
t 540.4 feet, thence S. 2 24' W. 1500
i feet to Cor. No. 2. the S. E. Cor.,
i thence S. 66 17' W. C68.20 feet to Cor.
: No. 3. the S. W. Cor., thence N. 2
i' i
E lf.00 feet to Cor. No. 4. the N. W.
Cor., thence N. C6 17' E. 668.20 feet
to Cor. No. 1, tha place of the begin-
. " . 5 . ..viiiaiu.iik u ii l ai ui JJ.JiJV
n 1 ft9 1 .Antqin'ni, a na. a vab a! lO " .1
j acres, expressly excluding area in con-
flic with Survey No. 2154. William B. ;
MciTe lode of 0.152 acres, and with '
Survev Xn 3137 Jaelr Pot Vr 9. lnHo I
of 0.958 acres."
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the County Recorder's
: Office, Cochise County, ps follows:
Golconda-
-Book 57, Record of Mines
Pare 105.
3S, Record of
30. Record of
Hold Over Book
Mines, Page 463.
liorse Shoe Bt-ok
Mir.es. Pat;e 3').
Aj.ez Book 57, Record
I'ue 481.
of Mines, '
Sunhine Book 30, Record of Mines
I'a?;: 332.
Nancy. Hanks Book 30, Record of'
Mines, I'iiKe 3JI.
The names of the adjoining claims
arc: North Survey No. 3389. Carbon-:
Copper Wedge and Sulphide lodes,
Sutvey No. 2j25, Delta lode. East,
Survey No. 3.1S8. Wild flower lode. An
vil forge and Copper Era lodes, unsur-;
veed, owned by John Fitzpatrick. ;
South. Copper Era lode, unsurveved'.
owr-ert hy John Fitzpatrick. Survey
Nc. 24 .4 Vic Roy and William B.
.Moore lodes. West Survey No. 3137.
Jack Pot No. 2 lode. Survey No. 33S9
7"a-I'onato lode.
The official survey of said mining
claim being Mineral Survey No. 3390.
J. L. raviN. Register.
First Publication March 8, 1918.
Las-i Publication May 17, 19? 8.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
.Department cf the interior
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Thoenix. Arl
zona. February 9, 1918.
NOTICE is hereby given that Thomas
1). Jackson, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on January 29. 1913. made Homestead
Sntry No. 021012 for the SV"4 of Sec-
ion .15. and on August 17, 1917. made
additional Homestead Entry No.
T.6033. for SE'i. Section 35. Township
22 S, Rang-? 21-E, Gila & Salt River
LODGE ' NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
Licts of eaili, their meeting nights, th?ir officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 713.
, , . . , , , , . . .
"leet3 ver7 f riday nish,V Moosa HaU
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
,, rnvviv
t.. ..'. 1
kai Kuss, secretary
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, j
DREADN AUGHT. !
L. O. L. NO. 210.
meets in L O.
O. V. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
Invited to at
tend. T. SMITH AN, W. M.
ROBERT FEROUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard I. Homestead 895, meets
secoul and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' halL Visiting Archers are
cordially invited.
MRS. C C. F1NLAYSON. Foreman
j c5;"-
- uuc-yuuiicuu
Box 149G.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 win
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy SaU.
H. C. LANDAU. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
MPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets first and third
Thursdays at 7:30 p. m.
in Medigovich HalL All
visiting Red Men Invited
to attend.
SAM RYALL, Sachem.
W. D. COHEN. Medicine Man.
F. C. FENDERSON. C. of R-
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
oisters are cordiallT tnvitivt
MIWIR RI.I'V m r n
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. or R. C
Phone Black 420
WARREN MINING DISTRICT
CHAPTER AMERICAN RED CROSS
Executive committee meets second
ind fourth Wednesdays of each month
it Y. M. C. A. All members urged to
neet and confer with committee after
;ach regular meeting.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
". S. land Office at Phoenix, Aruona,
'ebruary 2. 1S18.
."OTU'K is hereby given that Gottfried
V. liarsch, of Hereford, Arizona, w ho.
n August 7. 1913, made Homestead
:ntry. No. U23054. for N'.4SW4 Sec.
NVlSE',4 Sec. 26, and on Feb. 10,
916, made additional Hit Entry No.
21435 for ENEvi. Section 28. Town
hip 22 S. Range 21-E. G. & S. R. R &
Jeridian, has filed notice of intention
o make three year Proof, to establish
laiin to ths land above described, be-
ore Jared D. Taylor. U. S. Commis
I ,ioner: V. u'ib,je Arizona, on the 12th
lay or March. 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
"hooter A. Nelson, Jacob J. Karlan.
'orniel Witnoet. Isaac J. French, all
f Hereford. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN. Register,
rst publication February 9, 1318.
ait publication. Ma. ch 11, 1?18.
Adv. 101
tase & Meridian, has tiled notice of
mention to make three year Proof, to
istablish claim to the land above d
icribed. before W. A. Fowler, U. S.
'ommissioner, at Tombstone. Arizona.
' n the 19th day of March. 1918.'
j Claimant names as witnesses:
! 'larry S. Ross, of Tombstone. Arizona,
j ".eorxe W. Allwood. Robert Reay, John
'i Dinwi.Mie. all of Hereford. Arizona,
I JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
I Hrst publication February IS. 1918
I Adv. 204
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medigovlcl
Hall, second and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting brothers wet
S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
t
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
LEON H. RICE. C. C.
EARL SOBLEY. K. of R. S.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E., meets
first and third MONDAYS, 8 p. m.
Eagles HalL Visitors cordially wel
come. J. F. WILMOTH, President
F. C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
C L. EDMONDSON, Aerie Physician.
LODGE NO. 671.
" Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
R. E. WARNER, Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY, Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUrT
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. r.
Hall. 7 30 p. tn. Visiting members are
cordial. y invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID, President.
. P. O. Box 3483, Lowell. Aru.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary. LowelL
E. LINDQUIST. Financial Secretary.
P. O. Box 3246, LowelL
BIS3EE LODGE, NO.
10, I. O. O. F.
meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall.
Main street, at 7:00 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
H. R, TAYLOR, N. G.
CARL V. NELSON. Secretary.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hal
Peail Chapter, No. 6, meets
in Masonic Hail second a&a
fourth Tuesday of tun."
month at 7:0 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43. Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Sec'y, P. O.
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Ccm.,
Phone 161.
WEEK ENDING MARCH 16.
X9 Moml.iv
Tuesday
vVednesday
r'i,irc,l,,i. l'h IV ..
tt1
' N Saturday
V. W. GIPLKY, W. M
15. T. WATKINS. Sy. F. &. A. M.
J. W. TO LAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
sbee Lodge No.
meets the 1st
?:. -IK and
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vich Hall. Visit
ing members cordially Invited.
PHIL. DAVIS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 2.16. Red.
KATHEIUNE SALHOLM. Secretary.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbee Camp Na 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. ConsuL
II. F. MAT HEW SON,
Clerk.
mmmm
mmmrnm t
EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 10. 1918
:
AMERICAN FLOTILLA SUPPLYING AMERICANS
r
REPORTS ONE DEATH
IN PAST 9 MONTHS
American Forces on Destroy
ers and Supply Ships in
Foreign Waters Establish
Great Record
IN FRANCE GIGANTIC
TASK FOR WAR BOARD
EASE OF THFA.MERIC VN FI.OT
IIXA IN BRITISH WATERS, January
25. (CYrrespondpnee of the Assor5:t
ed Press.) Ore death from iliteare in
nine mc nths is the health r?rord cf
The American forces In 'be Jestrover?
and supply ships operating- from this
tase. This fact and subFcq'ient, fis
ures would prv all the more irtncrk
able if the ratio could be given but
the number cf American over here V.
of course, rot for publication.
This (ratifying record is regarded
as a splendid tribute to the flo'i'li's
senior surgeon who holds the rank oi
lieutenant commander and his two as
siKtants. 1unl:r sunreons, who rate as
lieutenants.
Sixty-tuo operations under generaf
anaesthes2 have been performed y
this trio slice the arrival cf the fire
of the American destroyers over heie
last spring. The nirjority of these
were abdominal operations. And all
wre done without c single case of in
fection, a noteworthy point. In th':
same period there were 1S9 minor op
erations. These were done under local
anaesthesia.
The medical work consisted chiefly
of the care and treatement of respira
tory diseases due to expasure from ir-ceni-?t)t
weather, cold and dampness,
end sea watches in rouh weather.
There hr.i also been a considerable i
amount of laberatorv work.
The general health of the Ameri
cans continues excellent, despite the
riyors of the raw, depresine c'imate
peculiar to th? sorMh coast of Ireland.
They, miss the dry, crif-p winter
werther of the northern part of the
United States. The dampness here
abouts causes colds to be contracted
easily pnd weakened constitutions
crark under the strain. A few of such
men have been sent back to the Uni
ted States but th-? greater majority
of the sailors are in better health than
in time of peace.
The Churches
First Presbyterian Church
Preaching and communion, 11 a. m.
Plble school. 10 a. m.; L. T. Fraerir,
superintendent
Endeavor society, Sunday evening
at 6:30; Wil'ard Worthins-ton, leader
Praver meeting, Thursday evening
at 7:30.
Preaching, Sunday evening at 7:30.
Every one is cordially invited to at
tend these services.
W. S. DEATHERAGE. Pastor.
(Corresoondence Associated Press)
EEHIN'D THE AMERICAN' FRONT
I IN FRANCE, Feb. 20. Less speotacu
! lar than the cotinued arrival of Amer
ican troops and their occupation of a
; definite front sector, yet in its way '
i quite as important for their success,'
has been the steady development of l
i the intricate system of keeping them
! in all the hundred and one supplies
that they must have.
Public attention of course has been
mainly riveted on two ihins3 the ar-
j rival of the trcops themselves and the
l arrival of their supplies. Pace by ,
(pare with the increasing training
camps there has grown up a storage.
transportation and distribution sj-3-;
tern that not oirly accurately and effi
ciently supplies the needs of all our
soldiers, but that is continually being
enlarged against future needs. Neither :
troops nor supplies can come too fast i
The varclus functions of the sys-1
tern bakery, refrigerating plant, ware-,
'louses for -lothing, non-perishable
foods and similar supplies, and the i
main distributing nlant are located !
for convenience sake in three towns
cr cities situated, respectively, at the ,
three corners of an obtuse triangle,
and near enough to the training camps !
and front so that supplies can reach '
the farthest points in 24 ncurs. ' 1
An ever-increasing force of men I '
employed in the task of keepin thfe
fighting man supplied with all he ,
needs. How well they succeed is at
tested to bv the splendid physical con
dition of the troops in camp and at .
the front.
No link in the chain between "a
Port in France" and the American !
front is. perhaDS. more interesting
than the bakeries. When the troops
began to arrive last summer it was
announce-! that they wouid be the
first soldiers in Europe to receive ;
white' bread. Europe read the an-,
nouncement with astonishment, tem
pered by envy, thous-h America prob
ably thought little of it.
For a time the troops, however, taac
to eat the drrk French bread until,
bakerie could be established. Then.;
when a. few field ovens had been set
ap a short distance behind the camp-,
ing-training line, the men began to
get their pure white bread. But the
output required for the first arrivals
was relatively small and imposed but ;
little difficulties either on the bakers '
or on transportation. j
Not only has all that changed, but
.e task f supplying the American,
troops in France with white bread -j
has become a genuine industry whicn '
is growing all the time. The few I
bakers criginaily here have grown ;
into companies. The relatively small:
daily quantity of bread turned out in j
July has increased to scores of thou-i
sands of pounds to give the exact''
number might he a key to the number j
of troops being fed and entire ship-1
loads of flour are arriving weekly and ;
are being stored away in warehouses .
with a capacity of millions of pounds, ;
as a reserve against the arrival of j
still more troops. ;
Presbyterian Church
Sunday school. 9:43 a. m.
Mornlni; worship. 11 o'clock; sacra
ment of the Lord's Sapper.
Youns People's mee:in?. G:"0 p. m.
Evening worship, 7:C0 o'clock. Se'r
mon tooic. "Christ and the Philoso
phy of Ease and Comfort."
The fsssion cf tJie church will meet
in the pastor's study at 10:40 a. m.
Sunday morning, and persons seeking
adnii"sfon to the ch'irch ere requested
to meet with them at that hour.
First Baptist Church .
Sundav schoc!. 9:45 a. m.
Morning perv'ce. 11 o'clock. Theme.
"Christian Constancy." ,
Junior and Sen'or B. Y. P. T' 6:41
p. m. Su5ect, "Making the Most cf
Ourselves.
Evening service. 7:30. Theme, "The
Pleasantness of Religion."
Prayer mating, 'Wednesday 7:45
p. m.
Attend these services once and yon
will come again. A hearty welcome
awaiu vou.
H. C. COMPTO.V, Paster.
South Bishe. Don Luis. Warren
J. C. Henderson will preach for th
r-eople of South Bisbee on Sunday at
10 a. m. and 7:. 10, p. m.
Rev. Irwl" will hol! his regular re
ligious services !n Don Luis at 11
?. m. and in Warren at 7:30 p. m.
Methodist Eoiscoeal
Sunday school. 9:45 a. m.
Public worship. 11. Subiect of ser
mon. "Our Father's Kingdom."
Enworth Irue meeting. 6:30 p.
m. Thme. "The Voice or God in the
L'fe of Today."
Evening worhin. 7:30. Theme,
"Our Father's Name."
CHAS. W .HARSHMAN, Pastor.
St. John's Episcroal
Sunday school. 9:45 a. in.
Morning pravrr und sermon,
o'clock.
Wednesday 'choir practice, 7 p. m
, Lenten service.
Friday evening trayer end brief ad
dress, 7:?t o'clock.
JACOl M. WHITE. Rector.
. OF FINDING MINER:
. (Special to the Review) ;
; VISALIA. Cal., March 9. Hope that
W. O. (Bill) Clough. hermit miner of
the Sierras who for a quarter of a
century has spent an average of nine i
months each year in the highest j
Sierras east of this city, would be
found a live has been abandoned. It !
is generally believed among those fa-,
miliar with these high altitudes that j
the aged man has perished In the !
snows or met with an accident which I
has ended his dream of 25 years that :
he would some day relocate his "lost !
mine. J
Clough, well past 70 years of age,
went into the hills early last spring,,
as was his annual custom after a
couple of months in the valley, to re
new his search. During the summer
months he worked steadily sinking his
small "hope shaft" deeper into one of
the big veins that are numerous in
the Mineral King region, which lies
under the shadow, almost, of Mount ;
Whitney. Late in the falL when tour-1
ists left Mineral King, he sent out
word that he would come to the low-
lands the first of December as usual.
No word has come through him or of
him since that time.
Each winter before comine Dut.
Clough undertook the duty of closing
the headgates on Monarch. Elizabeth
and Lady Franklin lakes, which feed
Mount Whitney Power and Electric
company's big hydro-electric ditch
lines. Mount Whitney employees dis
covered that one of these headgates
had been closed, but the others appar
ently are still open and it is believed
the aged hermit perished in attempt
ing to make the two-day trip around
the lakes.
Assembly of God
Sundav school, 10 a. m.
Prea'hinr. 2 and 7:30 p rn.
Tuerday Bible study. 7:30 p. m.
Friday prayer meeting. 7:30 p. m.
Everybody cordially inivted to at
tend these services.
Mission on Naco road, one block be
losr the depot.
JOHN EITING, Pastor.
Christian Science Society
Services in the Woman's Club
holldin? on Quality Hill at 11 a. m.
Sunday.
Wednesday evening testimony meet
ing at 7:45.
The public is welcome and invited
to attend.
Subi"t-t for Sunday. March 10.
"Man."
Don't allow sallowness or a muddy tinge
to spoil your complexion. Bleach your skin
tram tour to hve
hadd lighter
wail on 4
INSTANTANEOUS
BLEACHING TREATMENT
Not the (lightest irritation. A rrtumoh
over BUM exanrjeralinir faMutf trial
HiKhl appreciated by women at reline
Trent. Free explanation claolv given or send
t'0 cents for aamnle of Whitening r"11 juui
belpiui buuluet or. Care of Ine Skin.
McDonalds Marinello Shop
Phone 305
You Will
Want to See
These
Spring
Suits
They are so distinctive,
so attractive that they can't
help but be admired. The
style notes of this showing
are worth noting, and brief
ly, include the ripple jacket
with double flounce in back.
Eaton and Pong Coats with
flare hips, straight in effect
are some of the coats arid
snugly and semi-fitted.
The materials are ' wool serge,
fie French serge, Fisher-Kennedy
tweeds, wool jersey, hairline stripe
worsteds, wool poplin, tricotine,
poriet twill, etc. in rain-deer. Pa
kin blue, black, khaki .silver, black
and white cherks, mixtures in all
colors, black and blue with hairline
stripes. t
The First Authoritative
Styles In
New Spring
Dress Skirts
Separate skirts will play an im
portant part in the fashionable wo
men's wardrobe this Spring. It's
the unusual attractiveness of the
styles and materials that have
brought them so much in promin
ence and when we say that these
New Sprihg Styles are more strik
ing, and decidedly different from
any previous season, it's bound t
create interest among fashionable
dressers.
Included in this wonderfully com
prehensive showing are staple
serge skirts in blatk and navy, al
so fancy woolens, plaids, stripes
and colored striped taffetas; soma
are handsomely adorned with fancy
pockets and belts.
We Invite you to see them.
U. S. Food Administration License Number G 13942
... .' ' ... ' I
Interesting New Arrivals in Women's Spring Apparel
Much orisrinalitv is in evidence in the style notes of our showing of early
'Spring models in Women's and Misses' Apparel. Conservation in various develop
ments have made for a simplicity in style that 13 wonderously appealing and dis
tinctive, yet particularly in tune with these fervent times.
Women and misses seeking new clothes will fina this showing full of Interest. The sties are ori
ginal and closely follow the slender silhouette type. Bodices, tunic types and slightly flared skirts are
a few of the style Ideas represented In this early Spring style showing. T'le rabrios are of exceptional
quality and breathe an air or quality that will gladden the hearts of all women folk. The colorings ar.-t
patterns add much to the diversity and exlusivene3s of the style developments in every model shown.
Initial J
aJUUIVUlg Ul
New
Spring
Dresses
Authoritative advice from those
"high up" In Fashigndom predict a
strong vogue for dresses this sea
son and If those still to come are
anywhere as becoming as these, we
know the reason why. No woman
who sees these, but will fail in love
with them at first sight. There Is
such a diversity of pretty styles
that choosing becomes a pleasure.
We can't describe them hardly
there are so many, each model pos
sesses its own distinct features, yet
each blends itself so happily to th
current styles. Double tunic and
bussel effect are featured in crepe
de thine dresses in light grey, rose,
sand. Belgian blue, etc.
I
Dame Fashion unfolds her
. secret in
Newest Coats
for Spring
The dominating style influences
for Spring are thoroughly repre
sented in this comprehensive dis
play of smart Coats which have
been gathered from every available
source.
The coats are cut on straigh
lines with front and back panels,
having extremely large collars that
-fall down the back and can also be
buttoned high in the neck. This
model and other attractive features
are embodied in these newest ad
vance Sprins styles.
Come in materials as wool ve
lours, poplins, jerseys, tricotine,
porie twill, mixtures and checks;
some have collars and cuffs of silk,
the wool Dflhi is a feature for
Spring.
Exquisite Loveliness Embodied In New
Spring Blouses at $3.95
u'l u 'l.W 1
Every one new, dainty, and in the most oJ-'A j M KJ
luring'styles imaginable. Blouses that will de- I Ti
light every one who sees them. They are made . A
nf Crere? de Chine in white, flesh, lemon. aDri- t'
1 , , - . i
cot, rose, nile green and grey, in simple tailor- v
ed styles as well as those more elaborately decorated with pretty Iates
and white Crepe de Chine collars revealing many new motifs that will
prove very popular for the first warm days' of the new season ahead.
Both high and low neck models and square collars are featured. Let us
have the pleasure of showing you these new Blouses.
A regular $5.00 value for 1 $3.93
Pleasantly Fresh and Airy Are These
New Lingerie Blouses
Charming to the last detail aie these soft
lingerie blouses for Spring. The styles reveal
many new ideas that will appeal to all wemen
of today. They are just the waists to wear with
separate skirts to business or with the new
Our stocks were very carefully selected and represent very
chaiming and equisite styles. Come, see, and examine the many httle
things about them that we have not space enough to elaborate on here.
Eveiy weman will be eager to see this showing and pleased with the
prices as with the styles. ,
Frices "ranging from $1.95 to 4.C0
: Snnncr SuiM
7
0
The Tailored Mode in Spring Millinery
That certain degree of simplicity and distinctiveness which alone make a hat thoroughly ac
ceptable to the smart tailored mode is at its best in these hats.
Every newly created fashion theme is developed with the originality and
good taste one has come to associate vith the millinery from thi3 section.
The turban or Oriental origin, Cavalier crown hats winged rather than plummed, the Directoire
made are the dominating fashions. Dark colorings, with here and there ar brilliant tone, prevail.
n 1 n 1 ivi
special saie m
I .nr 1 ar znr. a
00
011s Mono
.1
Yard'
lay,
Lot 2 at 35c a Yard
Tiesdayan
1
.d Wednesday
Lot 3 at 45 c a Yard
XA IJL CAW W IA A W.
.... ..
We were very fortunate in buying these beautiful collections of ribbons for this sale and we are going to share our good fortune with you by
offering them at just about half price. We would suggest that you buy a libeial supply as it will be some time, we believe, before you will again
have the opportunity to purchase such good quality ribben at these lowprices. The widths are from 5 to 8 inches and in a wide range of designs and
colorings. Moires, satins, taffetas and velvets. Ribbons for many purposes, such as hair bews, sashes, bags, trimmings, etc. Purchase these dainty
ribbons', now for Easter Sunday. Sale at Bisbee and Lowell stores.
The Portable Electric
Sewing Machine
The Machine That Makes Sewing Easy.'
Thousands of women are today making
their own and their children'3 clothes on this
modern sewing machine and making them in
less time and with less trouble than ever before.
The little electric motor does the hard work.
jThe machine runs fast or slow
at a pressure of the foot on tlie
, control pedal. When not in use
this machine can be put away
on the closet shelf.
Come in and let us show you the many con
veniences of this New Home Electric Machine.
Some Items of Interest
from 2 he Lace Section
Normandy, Val Laces and Insertions from
1 Yi to 5 inches wide, suitable for fine linegrie,
especially adapted to camesoles. Special at
the yard 10c and 15c
27-inch Embroidery Flouncing in a variety
of dainty patterns. Special at the yard . ..39c
Net Top Laces in cream and white Venise
edge, suitable for jabots, etc., 3 to 6 inche
width. Special at the yard 25c
Val Laces, Edges, Insertions and Beadings,
5c the yard; one dozen yards for 50c
A beautiful line of En broidery in Swiss
Batiste Cambric in widths from I to 1 2 inches.
Special 15c a yard
TRUNKS-Built for
Service and Convenience
Kvery style ofrunk Imnginahle is to be found In this
shewing fromthe o
smallest steamer
to the most conven
ient trunk made.
"The Wardrobe t-Tr ...
Trunks. These are
so constructed to
hold a great deal and
kcop the clothing In
good condition, be
sides the many con
venlences these
tr.nks offer to trav
elers, they also serve
admirably as
clothes close.
W e have just re
ceived a full car load
of trunks ami Invite
your early inspection.
rr.
Our SHQW WINDOWS Are AGLOW With the NEWEST SPRING APPAREL