ah y a. -
Sixteen Pages.
it
TWO SECTIONS
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOL. 21, NO. 186.
mot
11 11 Ilk 11 If If 11
RSEMT Willi
FRANCE PAYS HIGH HONORS
TO AMERICAN EXECUTIVE AND
HIS WIFE
SHOWERED WITH FLOWERS AS
THEY ENTER NATION'S CAPI
TAL CITY, ATTENDED BY PRESI
DENT POINCARE AND OTHER
NOTABLE FRENCHMEN
WARM WELCOME GIVEN!
DIFFERENCE SEEN IN ATTITUDE
OF PEOPLE IN RECEPTION OF
AMERICAN RULER AND WEL
COME USUALLY ACCORDED
VISITING NOTABLES
PARIS, Dec. 14. The 15Stb in
fantry, Arlona national guard, Col.
E. T. Grinstead commanding, has
been detailed aa a guard of honor
during the stay of President Wil
son in Paris. Its hand will be the
official band.
PRESIDENT ENTERS PARIS.
PARIS, Dec. 14. (By the Associated
Press.) President and Mrs. Wilsou
made their entry Into Paris this morn
ing, p-eetd by well-nigh half the pop
ulation not only of the city, but of
the surrounding districts. They were
attended by President Polncare, Pre
mier Clemenceau and others among
the most eminent figures of Prance.
Flowers were dropped around their
carraiga. airplanes winged overhead,
guns sounded. But observers were
Impressed with something more that,
the magnitude and beauty of the re
ception by some quality of warmth
that made it different from the visits
to Paris recently made by the sov
ereigns of the allied nations.
The city Is ablaze with illumina
tions, the boulevards are thronged
with crowds, dancing and singing and
throwing confetti. The Place de la
Concorde has been turned into a great
dancing pavilion, where American sol
diers are favorite partners. America
Is the predominating word here to
night Wilson Stir French.
The imagination and -interest of
France has bee'n stirred by the presi
dent of the United States as no other
leader beyond the borders. All
classes and parties in this country
have united to pay honor to the United
States through its president. They
greet bim as the representative of
Ideals now dawning upon Europe.
Represents Two Forces.
"In the eyes of the immense crowds
welcoming him," says the semi-official
Temps. "President Wilson represents
two Invincible forces the material
force which permitted the war to be
won, and also the force which will
sanctify peace."
Picked Troops Guard.
Thirty-six thousand soldiers, the
flower of the French army, lined the
avenues from Dauphine Gate to the
Murat mansion, which during their
stay in Pars will be the home of the
president and his wife. Alpine chas
seurs and Zouaves, fresh from the
battlefields of Champagne and colonial
troops from whose uniforms the mud
of the Somme had only a few days
ego been removed, occupied the post
of honor. They gently, but firmly,
kept order among the enormous
crowds, which ever pressed forward
(Continued on Pace Three)
Congressman Roasts Heads
Of the War Risk Insurance
Bureau for
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14. The
practice of the war risk insur
ance bureau in calling upon sol
diers' dependents for refunds
where Investigation showed that
Improper allowance had been
made, was criticised today by
Representative Treadway of Mas
sachusetts., republican, at a com
mittee hearing on an amendment
propcs:d by bim to correct it.
Soon cfter the war started the
bureau, Mr. Treadway said, made
many allowances which It found
later were not fully Justified. In
uch cases dependents were asked
to return the money, and when
this was not done the amount was
ON OFFICIAL VISlTj
PRESIDENT WILL VISIT
KING GEORGE WHILE
EN ROUTE TO AMERICA
LONDON. Dec. 14, (By the Asso
ciated Press.) President Wilson
has accepted an invitation from
King George to visit England and
it is expected he -will stop here on
his way home. The British officials
have been awaiting the arrival of
Ambassador Davis before making
any arrangements lor the enter
tainment of the president.
PASTORS USED TO
PREACH LOVE OF
Captain Lester Reveals Meth
ods Employed, Including
Plat to Rouse Negroes;
Berger's Trial
(By RevlfW Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14. The story
of how enemy propagandists used
German Lutheran pastors to preach
love for the fatherland and devotion
to its cause, and tried In vain to stir
up negroes in the United States with
reports that if Germany won, part of
! this country would be assigned ex
clusively to them, was told today to
the senate committee investigating
propaganda, by Capt. George B. Lester
of the army intelligence service." The
witness also continued his testimony
of yesterday, seeking to show "pro
German, anti-English and anti-American"
policies of V.'illiara R. Hearst's
newspapers, as directed by 'William
Bayard Hale, Hearst correspondent in
Berlin, after breaking off relations
with Germany.
The hearing will be resumed Tues
day when several men whose names
have been, mentioned by witnesses
during the inquiry. Including Samuel
I Untermyer of New York, will be
heard
Some German Lutheran preachers
spread the doctrines promoted by the
German government, both before and
after this country entered the war,
Cant. Lester declared, and a few who
' continued these utterances after Join-
Iing the army are in prison. Many
church leaders recognized the pro
German tendencies of the ministers,,
and tried assiduously to have them
removed, the officer explained.
The efforts to stir up race troubles
among American negroes failed, said
Captain Lester, but It persisted until
a congress of negro leaders in July
last formally recognized the propa
ganda and denounced the movement.
One cablegram from Hale at Ber
lin to the New York American, read
to the committee, was. interpreted by
Captain Lester as proving that the
German government did not regard
the notorious Zimmermann note, dis
closing a movement to Involve Mexico
CMtfaud mm ! ttz
HU
FATHERLAND
Asking Refund
taken from the soldier's pay.
"This has worked' a great hard
ship upon thousands of families,"
Mr. Treadway said. "When they
received the money they under
stood they were entitled to It
and did not hesitate about spend
ing it. Now when the government
asks it back, they are not able
to pay it. I received a letter to
day from a mother whose son is
in a hospital la France. She had
been ordered to refund the money
the bureau bad paid her. The
only way she could do It, she said,
would be by going to work, and
this she is physically unable
to do."
TAPS SOUND FOR
VOLUNTEER
ARMY
T
Says American Experience in
Great War Has Proven
Benefit of System of Select
ive Draft
(Dv Review Leaned Wire)
NEW YORK, Dec 14. "Taps' 'to
the volunteer system of raising armies
In war time by the United States was
sounded here tonight by Maj. Gen.
Enoch H. Crowder, provost marshal
general, in an address to the retiring
members or 189 New York draft
boards. He earnestly advocated that
the selective service system should
become the permanent method of rais
ing American armies in the future.
General Crowder said that the selec
tive serve law had enabled the gov
ernment in this war to register 23,
740.000 Americans, put Into the field
nearly 3,000,000 fighters and to have
In readiness to entrain on November
11, when the armistice was signed.
2,000,000 more soldiers, all within a
period of 18 months. It would be a
calamity" he said, for the United
States to revert to the volunteer sys
tem In view of such a successful test
of selective service, adding that the
men selected had shown the valor, ag
gressiveness and initiative of the most
seasoned troops.
"What of the army ' you have
raised?" ask General Crowder, refer
ring to the drafted men who had
been sent overseas. "The answer
comes back from France in no un
certain terms. These men you have
sent to the colors have proved them
selves the equals in aggressive fight
ing and soldierly bearing of the veter
ans of France and' England." r
General Crowder speech was an
exposition of the successful work of
the selective service law, which, he
said, had responded, "so smoothly and
so well to our dual form of state gov
ernment and national contrpl that it
would be calamitous if it should not
become a recognized part of our gov
ernmental system for the raising of
armies in time of war."
The provost marshal general con
trasted the draft methods of the Uni
ted States with those of England and
showed how this country had profited
by the mistakes made by the British,
who, after three years of trial with
the volunteer system and the disor
ganization of industry, were obliged to
adopt conscription.
Pointing out that when Germany
hurled her challenge to the democra
cies of the earth it became necessary
for those democracies, for self-preservation,
to organize their resources as
she had done and "make every man
a soldier" active or reserve. General
Crowder declared this test had been
made. He referred to the efforts of
Lord Kitchener to raise an army and
of the first gallant 100,000 who were
sent across the Eilish channel.
"knowing how to die, but little else
in the awful carnage- that awaited
them."
He touched briefly upon the great
drain upon the flower of England's
manhood and how, after the factories,
schools, offices, farms and mines had
been depleted of their best, the fu
tility of trying to raise the required
number of volunteers became appar
ent "After 17 months of war had wit
nessed the disastrous fighting at Gat
llpoli, Mesopotamia, the Balkans and
the deadlock on the western front,"
he declared, "the new army of Eng
land was 1.700,000 short of its then
authorized strength." The volunteer
system was abandoned, be went on,
after "it had throttled the industrial
life of the nation, and undermined
the whole economic structure."
When tlie United States war de
partment, in its effort to heed the les
son learned by England, sought the
enactment of the selective service act,
General Crowder said that the tradi
tional method of raising armies by the
volunteer system was so strong with
the American people that it was
"deemed expedient in the very bill the
war department presented to congress
for enactment to provide that limited
volunteering might go on. He re
called the great opposition to the
draft and how "through the insist
ence of the president, ably support
ed by the senate under the aggressive
leadership of Senator Chamberlain
and Representative Kahn in the re
spective houses, the day houses."
Referring to the selective service
system as "the very essence of de
mocracy," the general appraised the
faults of the volunteer system.
"In its very nature it is an indi
vidualists system dependent for Its
existence upon the spontaeous fervor
of the people," he said. "It is a sys
tem which has an eye only to the
raising of armies. Under It the ted
(Continued on Tags Three)
IKS
CROPER
RED CROSS TO
START ROLL
CALL MONDAY
TEAM CAPTAINS NAMED AND
MOST OF TEAMS SELECTED TO
MAKE DRIVE WHICH IS EXPECT-!
ED TO ADD NAMES OF EVERY j
RESIDENT OF DISTRICT !
LAST FUND REQUESTED
, i
i .
CONTEST IS NATIONAL AND WILL
INVOLVE EFFORT TO GET A3
MANY MEN, WOMEN AND CHIL-J
DREN IN MERCY ORGANIZATION
AS POSSIBLE
With team cap
tains named, and
with most of the
teams selected, ar
rangements for the
Christmas Red
Cross Roll Call in
the Warren dis
trict have been 1
p r a c t ically com
pleted. The organ
ization meet! ng,
when supplies and
other necessary
Red Cross
materials will be
issued, and when teams will be in
structed will be held at the Y. M. C.
A. on next Monday noon, when women
of ths district will serve a luncheon
to the team captains and workers.
Tuesday morning the drive wifl be of
ficially launched and will be vigorous
ly pushed throughout the remaining
days.
The Christm-s ra.: TM1 Is a Red
Cross drive for memberships in the
national organization, and is probably
the last request of the organization
for funds. While it is not definitely
known, it is presumed that plans for
the spring drive for funds for the Red
Cross has been abandoned. Much of
the work, especially the revocational
and training branches, formerly unaer
the Red Cross, has been turned over
to the Y. M. C. A., which will relieve
the former organization of large ex
nenses. and enable it to continue its
necessary war work under a smaller
budget. Because of these facts, ana
because It is highiy improbable that
another drive for funds will lie an
nounced, every mqfi and woman in the
United States is asked at this time to
renew his or her membership in the
organization.
In the Warren district tue drive win
be conducted on the zoning system.
The entire district has been divided
into districts and teams will be as
signed to each of these subdivisions.
For the first few days Of the drive,
these teams will work in house to
house cativas, but at the end of the
week, free-tor-all work will be permit
ted throughout the district.
Features of the drive will be booths
which the women of the district will
maintain throughout the week. One of
these booths will be located in the
heart of the business district, and a
detail of soldiers from Camp Lowell
will give it the air of an outpost camp
with army tents, uniformed guards,
and similar attractions. Other booths
will be installed at the Y. M. C. A
the Y. W. C. A., and perhaps at the
postoffice and the banks.
The drive will be attended by three
luncheons the first -of which will be
served on Monday. The second will
be held on Friday and the third on
Monday next. At each of these lunch
eons the teams will report on their
progress and on the number of mem
berships which have been secured.
Complete organization of the district
has been perfected under the direc
tion of J. C. Ryan, chairman. The
executive committee . is composed of
Arthur Notraan. W. B. XJohring, Arthur
Houle, J. R. Henderson, C. F. Phil
brook, and Mrs. Gerald Sherman, H.
D. Ross, Jr., secretary of the Warren
District Commercial club, will be
treasurer, while the offices of the or
ganization will be maintained in the
commercial club rooms lor me dura
tion of the drive. .
Chairmen of the various units which
compose the Warren Mining Chapter
of the American Red Cross, who will
assist in the several towns of this
part of the county in making the drive
a success, are:
Tombstone, Mrs. J. C. Macla.
Iluena, Mrs. S. K. Higgins.
Hereford. Mrs. C. M. Johnson.
Naco. Mrs. Ora Tarbell.
Pomerlne. Mrs. Mary Scott.
Benson, Mrs. A. O. Smith.
St. David, Mrs. Mary Pedcrson.
Districts and team captains for the
drive have been named as follows:
First district: From the upper end
of Tombstone canyon Including Wood
(.Continued cn Tfe Thre-.)
DOUGLAS COUNCIL DECIDES TO LIFT
QUARANTINE, BUT FORCE EVERYONE TO
WEAR MASKS, TO BALK "FLU" SPREAD
DOUGLAS, Ariz. 14. The quarantine which has been in effect here for
several weeks, following a second violent outbreak of influenza, attended
by many deaths, will be lifted, but everyone appearing on the streets and
particularly in the business distrirt. will be forced to wear an influenza
mask. This was the decision of the city council at a special meeting to
night. Starting Monday morning, the police will he stationed in the busi
ness district anil will arrest anyone appearing in public witnout influenza
masks.
SM
FEB
IRELAND BEAT I
NATIONAL PARTY
Polling Shows Preponderance
of Radical Thought; Lloyd
George Closes HU Cam-
paign YYitn .Aiiaac j
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Dec. 14. Polling in
the greater part of Ireland passed
quietly except for minor collisions
between Sin Feiners and nation
alists. A close analysis of the vot
ing shows that the nationalists
have been beatefl bv the Sin Fein.
even in their sunnosed strongholds. U
CLOSES HIS SPEECHES
LONDON, Dec. 14. (Via Montreal.)
Premier Lloyd George wound up his
speech-making campaign last night at
Camberwell by attacking the name
"Labor Party" because it did not rep
resent all the labor of the United
Kingdom. The party represented only
a small part of labor whose votes, he
declared, would largely be cast for
the government.
The labor party, the premier con
tinued, was not being run by real la
boring men, but by pacifists and pure
and simple bolsheviks. It would not be
safe to trust the destinies of a great
empire to the labor party until it was
able to overthrow this clique.
The premier's challenge to the labor
party was taken up by the laborites.
John R. Clynes, former food minister,
speaking at Nottingham, declared that
the labor party was the same party
which had decided two years ago to
support Mr. Lloyd George. The only
difference was that it was larger. He
admitted that it was true in some
cases that some members of the party
took extreme views, which however,
he did not share. The extremist, he
said, had only local influence.
Former Premier Asquith addressed
eight meetings in. East Fyfe and w as
heckled at all of them. He was gievn
votes of confidence, however, at all
places except at Ladybank, where the
votes were equal.
Arthur Henderson, the labor leader,
declared in an interview that nobody
knew better than . Premier Lloyd
George that the labor party, in con
junction with the trades union con
gress, was the only party representing
organized workers. There was no evi
dence in proof of the premier's asser
tion that the labor party was bolshe
viki. On the contrary, Mr. Hender
son said, he could produce ample evi
dence that the labor party sought as
earnestly as he for the triumph of
democratic principles.
John MacLean, the Russian bolshe
vik! consul in Glasgow, who was im
prisoned in Edinburgh last spring for
speeches hindering recruiting, made
his first election campaign appearance
in Glasgow yesterday and in an im
passioned speech claimed to be the
standard bearer of bis class in the
"great fight against capitalism."
JELLICOE PRAISES SIMS
FOR AID TO BRITAIN
(Hy Review Leaned Wire)
LONDON, Dec. 14 Admiral Vis
count Jellicoe, former commander of
the British grand fleet, presided at a
meeting tonight at the Bedford col
lege for Women, in London, and said
he came in place of Vice-Admiral
Sims, commander of the American
naval forces in the war zone because
Admiral Sims was a brother officer
a3 were all American officers who
had been serving In the European
waters. Admiral Sims was prevented
from attending because he had taken
personal command of the American
squadron sent to welcome President
Wilson. Admiral Jellicoe said that
Admiral Sims, who had done so much
to save civilization, was the right man
to command the escort, as he had
seen the American forces grow up
from their inception.
When Admiral Sims arrived in Eng
land, continued Admiral Jellicoe, he
was welcomed In the "umal manner"
by having a ship mined under him.
No one was injured.
(Cnmtlnuem Fsge Five)
LEVIATHAN I'll
BUG II HUGE
NUMBER OF HI
Monster Transport Due to Ar
rive in New York Today
With Between 8000 and
9000 Soldiers
t (By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, Dec. 14. Thegiant
American Leviathan, formerly the
Hamburg-American liner Valeriana,
the largest vesse afloat, is due here
tomorrow with between 8000 and 9000
officers and men of the overseas
forces.
A wireless was received here to
day from the steamship. This marks
the first arrival In this, harbor of the
great ship since the armistice was
signed, although during the period of
America's participation in the war she
ferried across the Atlantic approxi
mately 100.000 fighting men, together
with vast quantities of war supplies,
Among the first ships seized by
this government when war was de
clared against Germany, it was dis
covered that members of the Levia
than's crew had done what thejr be
lieved to be irreoarabte damage to
the engines, with the evident Intention
that she should not be used against
the forces represented by the flag she
formerly carried.
American mechanical skill, however,
equalled the emergency, and after
weeks of hard work, navy mechanics
succeeded not only in restoring the
ship to for former efficiency, but ac
tually in securing from her engines
a greater speed than her German
builders had contemplated. These re
pairs were made at a cost of approxi
mately $1,000,000. and it Is a matter
of pride of the overseas transport
forces that she has not missed a single
scheduled voyage since she was placed
in commission.
Armed to a degree that made her
almost as formidable as a modern
battle cruiser and further strength
ened by her great speed, she braved
the submarine infested waters with
out a scratch. Her voyages through
the war zone under the stars and
stripes have been ten in number, and
she has carried an average of 10,000
besides her crew.
Launched at Hamburg on April 1.
1913, the Leviathan arrived in New
York fn her maiden voyage on July
29. 19V4.
She made only one round trip under
the German flag and !her original
name before she ' was self-interned
here at the outbreak of the war.
The great ship is registered at 54,
282 tons gross; she is 907 feet long
and 100 foot of beatu, with engines
which originally developed 93,000
horsepower.
The hull has five steel decks with
four others superimposed, making nine
in all above the water line. Elevators,
both passenger and freight, make her
a floating structure which equals in
size some of the largest buildings on
land.
Department Announces
Abandonment Tent Camps
In All Parts of Country
WASHINGTON, Doc. 14 Aban
donment of all construction work
In progress or projected at so
called tent camps, originally laid
out for mobiilation of the national
guard and later used for general
recruiting purposes, was ordered
today by the war department.
Exception Is made In cases where
It Is shown that completion Is
necessary In the Interest of the
health of troops.
The camps affected by the
abandonment order are: Sevier.
S. C-: Bowie. Tex.; McClellan.
Ala.; Logn, Tex.; Beauregard,
PEACE SINGLE
T WITH
BIG LEAGUE
WILSON SAYS IN PARIS SPEECH
THAT MAKING OF PEACE PACT
AND RENDERING FUTURE WARS
IMPOSSIBLE SHOULD COME
ABOUT AT SAME TIME
MAKES TWO ADDRESSES
i DBctincur tscmc at i nuru.
EON GIVEN IN HIS HONOR BY
POINCARE AND ALSO MAKES
SHORT TALK IN RECEIVING
DELEGATION OF SOCIALISTS
PARIS, Dec. 14. In two speeches
today President Wilson reaffirmed
that the making of peace and the
creation of a league of nations must
be accomplished as one single ob
jective. Responding to the wel
come of President Poinare at the
luncheon given in his honor. Pres
ident Wilson declared that win
ning the war was not alone
enough, but that the people of the
United States had entered it with
the object of making the peace a
permanent peace for the world.
Responding to the greeting of the
socialist delegation the president re
iterated that the war had been a
people's war and that the defeat of
military autocracy was not sufficient
to the fulfilling of its objects. He
again declared that the co-operation
of the nations for the security of the
peace to be made was wholly neces
sary. ATTENDS POINCARE'S LUNCHEON
PARIS, Dec. 14 President Poin
care's luncheon at Elysee palace at 1
o'clock was attended by 200 guests.
The presidential party arrived at
12:45. passed through the lines with
the Eleventh Alpine Chasseurs, who
acted as a guard of honor in the
court.
The president of France and Mad
ame Poincare met their guests and.
President Poincare, giving his arm to
Mrs. Wilson and President Wilson to
Madame Poincare. they proceeded to
the drawing room, where the other
guests were assembled. Then, in ac
cordance with the French custom, M.
Poincare presented the men and Mme.
Poincare presented the ladies to Pres
ident and Mrs. Wilson.
The tables, set in the form of a
horseshoe, were decorated with red
and white roses and large bunches of
Parma violets. The two presidents
were seated side by side, with Mm.
Poincare on President Wilson's right
and Mrs. Wilson on President Poin
care's left. M. Loubet. a former pres
ident of France, was to the left of
Mrs. Wilson.
On the table in front of the presi
dents was a mirror on which rested a
ship of blue and white violets, with
two American flags at the mastheads.
The table decorations included two
airplanes, also made of violets.
The guests included the presidents
of the senate and chamber. Premier
Clemenceau and his ministers, former
premiers and foreign ministers and
the marshals of France.
WILSON TO POINCARE.
PARIS. Dec. 14. President Wilson.,
replying to an address by President
Poincare at- a dinner given by Presi
dent and Madame Poincare. said:
"Mr. President- I am deeply in
debted to you for your gracious greet-
(Continued on Patfe Seven)
La.; Hancock. Ga.; Wheeler. Ga.;
Kearny. Cal.; Wadsworth. S. C;
Fremont. Cal.; Sheridan. Ala.;
Doniphan, Okla.; Cody, N. M.
Green. N. C.
These camps will be used for
demobilization, but when this is
complete they will be closed.
Base hospitals at the camps will
be used as convalescent hospitals.
Orders also were Issued today
for the abandonment of proposed
buildings for a motor school at
Camp Taylor. Ky., and for addi
tional construction at Camp
Funston, Kao.
OB C TWO
THE 3ISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1918.
AHA
HAD
24
BOA
I
S AND MANY
e
THOUSAND
GO
Our Fleet In European Waters
Carried 24,000 Yankee Sea
men, Says Admiral Grif
fin's Report
(Hf Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Dec 14. One
month before the armistice with Ger
many ended the war, the American
nary was operating a total of 1959
vessels of all descriptions, of which
264 carrying 42,000 men were active
ly participating in the war in Euro
pean waters.
These figures were disclosed in the
annual report of Rear-Admiral Grif
fin, chief of the bureau of steam engi
neering. Daily expenditures of the
bureau during the war year covered
by the report exceeded $777,000.
Admiral Griffin said the regular
navy on the date of his report consist
er 570 ships, supplemented by 93 ves
sels from the coast guard, lighthouse
service, coast, and geodetic survey
and fish commission. In addition the
navy was then operating 937 convert
ed merchant craft, yachts and the like,
and the naval overseas transport serv
ice, consisting of 247 shipping board
and other supply vessels, with 112
more about to be commissioned. Con
struction under way for the regular
navy at that time included 376 new
ships of all kinds and 52 tugs.
"Since the United States became a
belligerent," the report states, "the
magnitude of the engineering work of
the navy, both mechanical and elec
trical, not only in its actual amount
but in its actual amount but in the
rapid development of facilities for its
execution has been without parallel
for the same period of time in the his
tory of the world"s navies."
To keep up the fleet abroad, three
repair bases were established in
France, one in Great Britain, one at
Gibraltar and two in the Mediterran
ean. These were supplemented by six
repair ships which achieved remark
able results in repairing vessels at
sea.
The report makes the first official
announcement regarding development
of the submarine detection devices
and shows that American equipment
for this purpose has been placed
abroad both British and French naval
craft. Details are not disclosed, how
ever, the report in this connection con
fining itself to the following para
graph: i
"Previous to July 1, 1917, there
were two uev'.ces for submarine de
tection In service. One was the Fes
senden oscillator, primarily intended J
for sending and receiving underwater)
signals; the other was a device devel-'
nilpri liU thrt lift unj 1 V 1 ort rr rntu ti'inu !
Since then eight other devices for sub
marine detection have been developed
and made in quantiiiy, not only for
our own navy, but for the British ad
miralty and the French ministry ma
rine. Modified forms of these devices
have also been designed for use in
protection of the Atlantic coast of the
United States."
Taking up naval radio development,
Admiral Taylor shows that through
the new high power plant at Annapol
is aud the station built by the navy
in France and nearing completion, pro
vision had been made which would
have kept the United States govern
ment in touch, with its forces in Eu
rope constantly even if every subma
rine cable had been cut. The radio
communication system has beeu ex
tended vastly, 84 additional main sta
tions having been built during the
year.
Striking achievements are' noted in
development of radio outfits for naval
aircraft. Communication from ma
chines in flight to shore stations is
now possible at a distance of 200
miles, the report says, while the land
station can communicate with a ma
chine in air 50 miles away. Through
the radio telephone, the aircraft can
talk to stations 60 miles away and re
ceive verbal instructions from stations
10 miles distant. Both systems have
been employed with the coastal patrol
maintained by aircraft.
- Tables annexed to the report Kbow
that the battleship Mississippi, 12
destroyers, eight of which are 30-knot
boats, and 14 submarines hud been de
livered prior to the first of last July.
At that time destroyers Nos. 70 to 344
inclusive, were under construction, all
but the first two being 35 knot craft.
The chief difficulty to be overcome in
carrying out the huge destroyer pro
ject was building the engines, yet on
July 1 the driving plants of the 275
bouts then building were well ad
vanced. Many of the vessels since
have been delivered.
Of the big ships, engines for five
out of eicht new battleships had pass
ed the 20 per cent mark. No work
beyond preparation of plans apparent
ly had been done on engines for the
six authorized battle cruisers and
work ha'J not much more than started
on plants for three of the six author
ized scout cruisers. j
Submarines Iniil.Iin on July 1 mini-'
i red li. and the tables t-lutv the i
engines for 2S were moie than fi'i perl
cent rvady; It of them being well!
past the !U per cent.
STEAMERS COLLIDE BUT !
ALL PASSENGERS SAVED !
(Bv Itrriew l-Ms'-d Wire) j
SAN FRANCISCO. !:. 14. The
hay iMiwnser steamer Sehome and I
General Frisbie collided in Kan PaMo '
bay in a fog today and the Sehoiii" '
went to the ixiitom. The passengers I
and rew of the Kehoni" wen1 reneii-l ;
TT O
A
iva rtusan
Reflecting the Voice
of Peace and Victory
AH the pent-up Joy of millions of people will, this Christmas, be let
loose In a veritable flood of Christmas cheer.
Everyone will want to give something this Christmas.. This will
mean that stores with best selected stocks will be looked to for the
bulk of the Christmas gifts.
THE FAIR DEPARTMENT STARE long ago began the assembling of
gifts, in vast assortments, to meet the needs of an anticipated greatly
increased business and now, the completeness of this Christmas treas
ure house.
HOHnnBmanBBaMBnMRmMRaBEDi
yous Christina
s Store
FURS, LEATHER GOODS,
Gloves, Handkerchiefs, Men's
Furnishings, Novelties, Etc.
will prove of absorbing interest to those who have long lists to fill.
THE FAIR has hewed straight to the line in procuring dependable
merchandise, such as you will want to give this Christmas.
Here are hundreds of feet of floor space. ,
A Christmas store that reaches further than the merchandising serv
ice, for we know that your satisfaction and comfort are more essential
than mere selling.
ONLY A FEW MORE DAYS. THEN XMAS. AND MY. HOW FAST
THEY WILL FLY.
NOW WE COME TO THE EIGHT
.SHOPPING DAYS BEFORE MAS
Millinery Occasion
All Fall and Winter Hals
Values up to $22.50
Your Choice
$4.95
Truly an unexpected, event is this sale, for it includes a host of
models from the best designers of New York and Paris and there
are some of the prettiest hats too. Fancy styles that were worth
almost five times the price we are going to ask you Monday.
Values so extraordinary that they'll be the sensation of the day.
- Monday, women's, misses'! Opportunities for all to share in this,
'"the season's greatest money saving millinery sale, to close, $4.95
SUCOND FLOOR
Special Hand Bags $1.49
Blanck Hand Bags in pin seal and sea lion good steel frames;
German silver mountings, fitted with mirror and coin purses.
Fancy Ribbons 35c yd.
A wonderful collection of pretty silk ribbons for hair bows and
fancy work, in plaids, checks and floral designs. In all colors.
Silk Hose $1.25 pair
Full fashioned or seamless, pure thread silk stockings, with elas
tic garter tops, double heel toe and sole. Buy them for Xnias
gifts. All shades and sizes, to 10.
Christmas Towels 50c
Extra large Turkish towels in pink aud blue plaids, soft finish.
Special, 50c each.
Glance Over This Brief
List if You Want
Something for Her
3ATH ROBES .$4.95 HAND EM B. GOWNS, $3.50 to $7.50 LADIES SWEATERS, $4.00 to $20.00
A practical gift that any woman What could you buy here that she All wool sweaters. In dozens of col
would enjoy, made of heavy robing, would appreciate more than one of ors. in all the up to date styles. All
with cords to match. these gowns?
BOUDOIR CAPS 5Qc to $5.00 SILK PETTICOATS, $4.95 to $12.50
Dozens of pretty styles. Some Made of satin
fashioned after the French caps which in all colors, in plain and fancies,
are so popular. CREPE DE CHINE COMBINATIONS,
; SILK GOWNS L.. 50c to $8.50 . $3.95
Made cr flesh and pink crepe de Dainty tindtfr garments, in flesh and
chine; trimmed in dainty lace and white, trimmed with lace others em
embroidered, broidered and hemstitched.
sizes.
CAMISOLES $1.50 to $3.95
taffetas and jerseys, Crepe de Chine and satin, in white
and flesh colors, lace trimmed or hand
embroidered.
OUTING GOWNS $1.65 to $3.50
Plait-and striped materials, some
trimmed in braids, others hemstitched,:
all sizes. Warm and comfortable.
A FEATURE: This 36 inch QQ 1irl
Heavy CREPE DE CHINE VOL tU.
Some 500 yards of an excellent weight and finish, in a crepe that is decidedly
less at 98c There is a choice of tan. field mouse, navy, Belgian, plum, pink,
Copenhagen, taupe, flesh, black and white.
54 inch Chiffon Broadcloth $3.69 yd.
I'eautiful quality of chiffon finish broadcloth, desirable for skirts, dresses and
coats, very popular this season. Colors, black, white, taupe, Russian green, rubber
and brown, specially priced, $3.69 yd.
36 inch Dress Satin SI. 9 8 yard
200 yards of this beautiful two-tone satin in all the best shades, soft finish, for
dresses and skirts. Specially priced, $1.98 yard.
54 inch Velure Coatings $4.98 yard
Any woman who desires a smart looking coat, will not hesitate buying this.
Colors, taupe, belgian. blue, brown and a few patterns in mixtures. 54 in. wide,
specially priced, $4.98 yard.
36 inch Silk Shirtings $1.35 yard
What would he appreciate more than a pretty silk shirt, made from this beauti
ful quality of silk shirting. Comes in dozens of pretty stripes, 26 inches wide
$1.35 yard.
Xmas Glove Special
REAL FRENCH 77 rn MV
KID GLOVES.. J!.OU pi.
Just another cheerful Christmas offering and what could be better
than a pair of real French kid gloves for a gift, anyway?
French Kid Gloves in all colors, but iu small sizes white doe k!u
and English cape, in white and browns, in all sizes." Special, Mon
day, pair $1.50
FURS-the Best ?Jg5rFURS
That's why at The Fair you will find some of the world's most famous and finest
furs. Make her a gift of a set of furs this Xmas. Our line Is complete.
Gift Hints for Chil
dren and Infante
ALL WOOL SWEATERS
Sets - $5.95 to $7.50
DAINTY HAND CROCHET
SACQUES $1.50 to $6.50
HAND MADE BOOTEES
15c to 75c
BATH ROBES
$1.50 to $2.75
CRIB BLANKETS
Hand embroidered $2.25 to
$5.00.
HAND MADE DRESS
$3.50 to $5.00
Christmas
Handkerchiefs
Did any woman ever have too many hand
kerchiefs? For Christmas giving, handkerchiefs are
endorsed by Uncle Sam, as the practical,
useful gift this year, and besides a handker
chief gift is always welcome.
There is a vast selection at 25c to $1.25 ea.
Hand "embroidered in the daintiest of ap
penzilt designs, on fine sheer quality linen.
Gift Boxes of Three 50c to $1.50.
Three designs ia a box. dainty embroid
ered patterns in white and colored.
Women's Pure Irish Linen Handkerchiefs
25c and 3 be
-IMaiu linen, but the
-' in. hems.
very finest quality.
DEC. GARMENT SALE
Purchased from Garment Manufacturers who are anxious to Co-operate, augmented by certain lines from stock. '
Certainly any woman who desires a smart looking garment, whether it be suit or dress, will find it tc her advantage to attend this
sale. The event comes as the result of carefully laid plans to present, at this season of the year, a garment sale that you will
remember.
This merchandise has beeu priced with the idea of making this ?ale "an eight-day's wonder!"
Here are the latest style interpretations garments from manufacturers of prominence, entering side by side with beautiful gar
menu from Rtock. all combining to make this a very desirable occasion to buy.
Here Are Women's Suits
and Dresses
WOMEN'S SUITS
WOMEN'S SUITS worth to $29.50. sale price $22.95
Women's suits, worth to $39.75, sale price $27.95
Women's suits, worth to $45.00, sale price $33.95
Women's suits, worth to $49.50, sale price $37.95
Women's suits, worth to $55.00, sale price $45.95
Practical Gifts for All Men
We have skimped and saved for the benefit ami
peace of humanity. This year you will find a
multitude of practical gifts for father, brother,
husband. sweetheart and friends at this the
men's store. Some of the things he'll want are
-suggested here in this, your Christmas shopping
guide.
Neckwear 75c to $3.50
Dress Shirts ., $1.50 to $4.00
Silk Shirts $4.50 to $10.00
Gloves 50c to $6.50
Belts 50c to $2.00
Bath Robes $6.C0 to $15.00
Pajamas $2.00 to $3.50
Handkerchiefs 10c to $1.00
Sweaters $3.50 to $13.50
Host, 25c to $1.25
Mufflers .. $1.50 to 53.00
I'rabrellas $150 to $5.00
Suspenders 50c to $1.00
Smoking Jackets $5.00 to $1C00
WOMEN'S DRESSES
$30.00 Dresses, now $21.95
$32.50 Dresses, now $22.95
$35.00 Dresses, now $24.95
$40.00 Dresses, now $27.95
$45.00 Dresses, now $31.95
$49.50 Dresses, now $35.95
$52.50 Dresses, now $38.95
$57.50 Dresses,
$65.00 Dresses,
$75.00 Dresses.
$79.50 Dresses,
$89.50 Dresses,
now $41.95
now $46.95
now $41.95
now $59.95
now $64.95
Many Women Will Rejoice Over These
Silk Blouses, Less
CHRISTMAS SLIPPERS
Never li:ive so many different styles aud i-olrrs been hi ku lit together. Why.
there is a pair to please every man,
blipix r.s at Tlie Knir.
Children's Kelt Slippers
Women's Kelt Slippers
Men's Felt Slippers
Men's ICHthcr Slippers
unman and child in Uisbee. liny Chru 'ru'-is
$1.00, $125, $1.51
. . $1.75 and $2 00
$2.00 and 52.50
$3.C8
Values from $7.50 to $35.00
-We want you to sec how attractive these dainty silk blouses look.
- You'll give real happiness by choosing llieto as presents.
Made of crepe de chine, georgette and'satins headed, embroidered, lurk
ed and hemstitched the choice" of colors, including maize, champague. taupe,
navy, brown, black, prey, copen, pink flesh and white. This wide variation
in uiotU'ling, square, round or V-neck, some with large collars. All sizes.
:;; to 4.
WOMEN'S
COATS
$22.50 and
$25.00
Jur' ."0 ii t.-e.-e tanncnts
that uere IwiLish I at spei ia'
prices, mostly eluura. Ever
so instil y style, fiubriwing
nearly pll the desired shades.
On sn!e at these special
prices. $22.50 and $25.50.
SECOND FLOCK
''A J5I -I -i -1-U -!i -T Zr fx i ?l -M ''
M
zmL PHONE MAIN 91
was valued at IO'mmmi. j LJ THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1918.
THREE
PHYSICIANS' WILL
LOOK INTO MENTAL
CONDITION OF JONES
MAN WHO ISSUED RECcNT.-BCL-SHEVIK"
PROCLAMATION IN
NEW- YORK WILL BE GIVEN
THOROUGH TEST TO SEE
IF MENTALLY BALANCED
!DI UT DAPCPO mV
LANDING WHEN WIND
EAFFLES THEIR FLIGHT
GOOD-BY. BOYS. AND GODSPEED, KING TELLS U. S. SOLDIERS
THREE FLIERS WHO LEFT HOU
STON TO MAKE SPEED TEST TO
DETF.OiT. MICH.. FIND SHIFTING
WINDS DISARRANGED THEIR
SCHEDULES
,V '. .:.'
r
.V.J
(By Rfvii-w I.e:isil Wire)
DALLAS. Tw., Dee. 14. Three oir-
(Fr Review l.Pa'Hl Wire)
NEW YOKK, Dc. 14. Physicians
at Bellevue hospital will decide as 10 planes which left Houston, Tex., this
the mental condition or Ellis O. Jones, ; morning in a race against time to De
journalist and writer of humor, whose troit, MkV, landed at Dallas at 4
name was attached to the "proclauia-. o'clock this afternoon af ler having
tion" of the "people's day committee" encountered strong and shifting winds
circulated Thursday saying ISolshev-; t hich disarranged the schedule. The
ism would break forth in the United I planes, under command of Lt. B. M.
States at noou yesterday. A police j Jones, plan to leave Dallas Sunday
magistrate today sent Jones , to the i morning and to reach Dexter, Mo., or
hospital for mental examination aft
er he had been arraigned in court on a
charge of disorderly conduct in con
nection with his appearance in Cen
tral park to address a few assembled
sympathizers. Jones' proclamation
distributed on the East Side, caused
mobilization of police in the park,
where the proclamation said a bol
shevik demonstration would take
place..
The original charge against Jones
was that he uttered seditious remarks,
the police asserting he spoke to re
porters advocating disbandment of the
nation's military and naval forces. It
transpired today that the change to a
charse of disorderly conduct was
made at the Instance of the district
attorney's office.
A. I. Rorke, an assistant prosecutor,
said in recommending Jones' mental
examination that he had received a
telegram from the .chief of police of
Columbus, Ohio, saying Jones had
been driven from that city because
of an article with which he had been
Belleville, Ills., Sunday night.
Leaving Houston at 9:12 o'clock this
morning, the three planes arrived at
Waco at 11:50,' a distance of 1S7
miles.'iu the face of a northwest wind
blowing 45 miles an hour. They left
Waco at 2:40 this afternoon in a 45-'
mile wind which had changed to the
north and which tho aviators were
flying directly against, and landed at
Love field, Dallas, at 4:05, a total dis
tance from Houston of approximately
300 miles in about four nours flying
time. Lieutenant Jones .estimated the
air speed at 1-0 miles an hour.
The first scheduled stop tomorrow
is Lonoke, Ark., and by night the avia
tors expect to reacii Dexter and if
weather conditions are favorable to go
on to Belleville.
SEAPLANES ON LINERS
PROPOSAL GETTER
(By Review l,eased Wire)
LONDON", Nov. 17. "Within a very
reasonable period we shall find all
nrinrinal mail lines fitted with sea-
associated in writing in reference to p!;ines " asserted D. H. Bernard, editor
the assassination of President Mc- I of the .Merchant Service Review. "Con
Kinley. j sidcrable time will be saved in the
j transit of mails. A liner leaving New
lllinPCnV DUVMC IP (York with urgent and important let-
ftUnotnl nil T flit lo : irs rn bi b.le rvli
Irish coast; within a few hours they
,can be delivered in Loudon thus ef
fecting a saving of 24 hours.
) ."The same procedure can be carried
PARIS, Nov. 19. Miss Helen Bes- out by a vessel bound to New York
ler, daughter of the president of the ! weather of course being an important
Central Railroad of New Jersey, is i factor for in fine and settled weather
probably the most proposed to girl in ; a well-equipped seaplane could travel
France today. It all came about be- i at an enormous speed over a consider
cause one night in one of the Ameri-! able distance. It is quite within the
can camps she ran out of "encores." bounds of possibility that letters post-1
and sang a little nursery' song called. ' ed in London can be delivered in New
"If No One Ever .Marries Me." It j York within four, days." '
goes like this: Mr. Bernard thinks the service will
"If no one ever merries me, ! at first be subsidized by the govern-
And I don't see why they should, I mnts of the two countries.
Fcr Nurse says I am not pretty, i Similarly, he says letters could be
And I'm seldom very' Rood " j expedited from South America to the
The direful fate of the little girl in i European continent by seaplanes leav
the song was to be to buy a rabbit-1 ing the liners 300 miles off Libson or
butch and live all alone in a little Gibraltar.
wood. But the American soJBier saw j i - 1
no - reason why Miss Besler, who is j TAps SOUND FOR
American girl, should have a similar i
south side of Ei
Simulding. captain.
Twenty-sixth district: All of I'pper
Lowell, Mrs. Frank Sincbir, enptain.
Twenty-seventh district: All of the
territory known us Jii;;.-rvilli Mrs. O.
N. Alvin. caplain.
Twenty-eishth district: All of the
' district known as Bakerville, including
Cochise addition and Mason road, Joe
Sparks, captain.
j Twenty-ninth district: All of the
j district known as South Bisbee. John
i Williamson, captain.
sireet. Mrs. W. J.I Thirty-fourth district: Mr. J. M.
Ovens, captain.
Thirty-fifth district: Sluttuck
mines, Joe Walker, captain.
Thirty-sixth district: lenu min.
J. M. Ovens, captain.
Thirty-seven; h district: C. k A.
mines, Thomas Cowpertha:l', :i,
tain. Thirty-eighth district: Copper
Queen mines. W. V. Gidley. captain.
Thirty-ninth district: Hig.,-ins ir.iu.
J:is. Klaunigan, captain.
Fourtieth disirict: Teaihers. C. F.
Thirtieth distdict: All of the dis-1 philhnok. cantain.
trict known as Don Luii. Miss Minnie: poriv-firsl district: P. D. stores. T.
. Duffy, captain.
I Thirty-first district: Warren, Mr?.
' Paul Stevns. captain.
! Thirty-second dis'rict: Warren, Mrs
' F. A. McKinney. captain.
Thirty-third district: Warren, Mrs.
; Henry Holcomb, captain.
Fair store.
L. Houstou, captain.
Forty-second district:
Ben Franhenlwrg. captain.
Forty-third distri'-t: Y. M. C. A .
: E. A. Putnam, captain.
! . Forty-fourth district: Y. W. C. A..
Sirs. A. W. Coiton, captain.
American soldiers drawn up in courtyard at Buckinchat.i palace, belore King Georjte and Queen Mary, just be
fore sailing for home. ,
England's friendship for Amer
ica and th U. S. boys who offered
their lives to brinjr victory to the
Hies is shown by the above pic
ture. King Gcorjre asked that
these American eoiiliers. ordered
home, t e invited to Luckinjrham
palace before sai.ing in order that
he and Queen Mary mi:ht thank
them personally on behal of Eng
land and the other allied nations
for their aid.
DOUBLE MURDER IS
INDICATED Oil RANCH
NEAR MAGDALEN A
BODY OF WIFE OF RANCH OWNER
AND HIRED MAN FOUND WHILE
RANCHMAN WAS AWAY FROM
HOME; BOTH HAD BEEN SHOT
' IN HEAD WITH PISTOL
The unit formerly was com
manded by Brig. Gen. A. M. Tut
hill, who was a doctor in civil
life, but had devoted part of his
time to the national uard for
years, commanding the first Ari
zona Infantry, the nucleus of the
present regiment, when the na
tional guard was called to the
border in 1916.
The regiment was known as the
"dryest" in the United States, its
officers having taken an oath, the
day the United States entered the.
war, not to drink any intoxicating
beverage until peace was declared.
RED CROSS TO
START ROLL
CALL MONDAY
her the 1
VOLUNTEER ARMY,
(By Review Leased Wire)
MAGDALENA. N. M., Dec. 14. The
lifeless bodies of a man and woman
were found in the ranch house of Hen
ry Coleman, about 80 miles west of
here vestTh-y. Today they were
identified as those of Mrs. Henry i canyon
Coleiuauaud DaJl Cjliver. a hired man. ! line, Mrs. George Cubbs, captain.
A coroner's jury returned a verdict-of j Second district: Commencing at the
'committed murder" but held no one end of the street car line, down to
(Continued from Fane One)
to the end of the street car
(C.
lot. After they had given
three cheers and a tiger, which tlieri
usually thank the V. M. C. A. e:ter-j
tainers with, they hesitated a. moment'
and then added a purely personal j
message.
"Barkis is willin' " called the A. E.
Since then the incident has been re- ? maintained behind the ""tie front
peated in every American camp Miss j "'nies may be fed, clothed and
Besler has visited. No censor would j arm' , . . . .
allow an estimate or the number of I " (the volunteer system had its
ni h. ,,.eivo in that wnv ! oiigln in tne days of chivalry when
to- pass.
responsible and the officers claim to
have no clue to the identity of the
THINKS CROWDFR a':eKl'd mur(!erer-
lmnrkO UtYWi-i H(.nrJ. Coieman husband of the
rmr..iea iroin rasi vne
I of patriotism is enlistment in the na-
tion's fighting forces. It takes no ac
i count of the industrial life which must
IRISH LOVE RED CROSS
DUBLIN, Nov. 16. During the past
war was not a business or a contest
of industry or mechanics, but a bat
tle of brawn, when armies could live
largely upon the country a they ad
vanced and a nation's fate was decid-
year, thousands of Irish people have d upon the field of 'battle. It adheres
learned to know and love America I to the doctrine that the chemist may
better, through the work in Irckmd I permitted to lay aside h.s
of the home service department of u,,u ' . ..
the American Red Cross.
About a third of the cases with
which home service deals in Europe
are those of people in Ireland who are
dependents of American soldiers.
To deal with these cases, Americpn
Red Cross committees were establish
ed in Londonderry; Belfast and Dublin
with
Cork.
whi'.e the unskilled laborer and the
vagrant continued in their unproduc
tive paths. It is the antithesis of the
conservation that the selective service
promotes."
A pessimist is a man with a bin full
of coal who kicks about having to
Locklin avenue, cu the north side of
Main street, and continuing down
Tombstone canyon to Bisbee-Naco wa
ter tank on the south side of the road,
idead woman, arrived here Thursday. ' Jack McGregor, captain.
! Friday a boy rode into town and noti- j Third district: Taking in Locklin
1 fied him of the finding of the bodies, t avenue down to and including Moon
Coleman immediately got hold of a j avenue to.' the fire department on the
I deputy sheriff and returned home. j north side, Mrs. William Nowlin, cap-
Appareully Oliver was sitting in tain,
front of an open fireplace when he' Fourth district: Beginning at the
was shot in the side of the head. He j water tank on the south side of Tomb
fell forward into the fire. Mrs. Cole- i stone canyon, and fire house on the
man Is believed to have been shot ' north side, down to Lincoln school,
last, in the side of the head, as her both sides inclusive, Mrs. Butler, cap
body was found lying across the body : tain.
of Oliver. A 43 caliber pistol was used ! Fifth district: From Lincoln school
and both parties are believed to have ! to Metz soda works and Anguis ata
died instantly. blcs, both sides inclusive, Mrs. C. W.
I Allen, captain.
Sixth district: North side of Lcun
j dry hill, including row of houses by
TO 1 the Welbourne & Dodd grocery store,
- i 1 ..... . I . 1 I . . V. n
AMERICAN CHIEFj chain, captain.
J Seventh district: From the Anguis
' (Continued from rage One) , stables on the south side of Laundry
. 7 T ; ', i 1 ' stop, Mrs. C. H. Hunt, captain.
in eagerness to have a closer look at district: From Laundry
the guests of France. g)op on th(, Bouth to the ,oUg.
ing house, Mrs. Blair, captain
"visitors" at Queenstown and i empty the ashes.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
There is fine teamwork between the
weather and the iucl conservation de
partments these days.
PAY C ASH -PAY LESS 1
mm MMBiiiBMnwnmnnMMMnnBtwn mil mm mm mmmm m- wmm
11
'1
n
Fruited Wheat
and Oafs
AN IDEAL, BALANCED DIET, OF SIMPLE,
WHOLESOME FOODS. APPETIZING
AND NOURISHING
PREPARED WITH FIGS, DATES AND RAISINS
Package 27c
ANGIUS
FOOD GROCER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-16109
i
PURE
FRAT4CE PAYS
HIGH HONOR
Henderson Watkins lumber yard to
the Queen laundry, entire east side of
Brewery avenue, James Hendersou,
captain.
Nineteenth district: Beginning at
Central school building, along Opera
Drive east side to Walsh avenue and i
down Brewery avenue to depot. Then I
Howell avenue back to the school
house. Mrs. Henry Poppen, captain.
Twentieth district: Beginning at i
(he Henderson Watkins lumber yard
taking the east side of Brewery ave- j
nue to the Orpheuiu theater and to the
fire department on Naco road, city
hall, L. J. Overlock, captain.
Twenty-first district: Beginning at
the city hall, taking all of Chihuahua
hill and Dubacher canyon, Chris Pro
danovich, captain.
. Tneuty-second district: Beginning
at Dubacher canyon, both sides of
Naco road to the old C. & A hospital,
Mrs. George Meyer, captain.
Twenty-third district: Beginning at
C. & A. hospital 'both sides of Naco
road, including Johnson addition,
down to ga3 plant, Mrs. C. S. Thomp
son, captain.
- Twenty-fourth district: Beginning
Bt gas plant, all of that territory north
,pf Naco road, Erie street and Douglas
toad and Win wood addition, Emil
Marks, captain.
Twenty-fifth district: Beginning at
?ie gas plant on the north side all of
hat district south of Naco road and
Erie street including Garden hill, and
YOUR CHRISTMAS
Cut Flowers
and Potted Plants
CAN BE FOUND HERE
IN GREAT VARIETY.
BE SURE TO ORDER THEM
EARLY AND AVOID
THE RUSH.
SPECIAL FUNERAL DESIGNS
AT ALL TIMES.
CUT FLOWERS AND MILLINERY
MRS. J. E. NORRIS,
Main Street Opp. Eagle Theater
-Mi
m
r
The Arizona Corporation Commission does pot recommend the stocks,
bonds or other securities offered for sale by this or any other company
Li
Oil!
PARADE FOR WILSON
PARIS, Dec. 14. A number of the
members of the general federation of
labor met iu the Place de Clichy this
afternoon and paraded through the
chief thoroughiares, cheering for
iPresident Wilson ar.d the United
States.
ARIZONANS HONOR GUARD.
CAMP KEAKNY. San iego
CaL, Dec. 14 Anuouncement that
the lCSih (Arizona I infantry had
been accorded the honor of act
ing as President Wilson's escort
of honor in Paris attracted wide
interest here. Frior to the de
partuo for France of the 40th
division, of which this regiment
is a part, inspectors who visited
Camp Kearny paid high compli
ments to the unit. It was said
unofficially by some high officers
to be the "best national guard in
fantrv regiment in this lountry."
Ninth district: North side of can-!
yon from Laundry hill to top of Claw- j
son hill to W. H. Brophy residence, ;
Mrs. John Olser, captain. j
Tenth district: From the Doyle (
house on the south side, taking in en-1
tire Quality hill down to Letson. Klein
Marks building, Mrs. Frank Duval, j
captain. I
Eleventh distdict: Beginning at W.
H. Brophy's residence along the north
side of Clawson avenue to the corner
of Howell street and north to the top
of Spaulding steps, Mrs. S. H. Kyle,
captain.
Twelfth district: Beginning at W.
H. Brophy's residence south side of
Clawson avenue, taking in everything (
The one great outstanding fact that puts the punch in our bid for public favor is
the actual OIL Not oil in prospect, not fond hopes or reasonable probability, not mere
geological formation, but OIL the eternal fact that silences all criticism and ends all
doubts and discussion.
The company owns 3040 acres of the choicest land in the Bowie Oil Basin, and we
have the goods.
WE HAVE THE GOODS
avenue excepting
"40" HAS CONQUEIlEDjS
Fourte
south of Clawson
Main street, Mrs. Claude King, cap
tain. ;
Thirteenth district: Beginning at:
the corner of Howell an Clawson ave- j
nues along the north Bide of Clawson j
avenue to the Central school building, j
thence north following opera lirive i
Arndt's place, Mrs. W. War-!
iptain.
Fourteenth district: Beginning at'
j the corner of Tank avenue and Claw
I son avenue, taking the south side of
Clawson avenue to Central school j
j building, thence south to Subway al-
, , .. i ' i - .vUfy. Mrs- W. Warner, captain. '
Scrofulous eruptions, pimples on the Flfteenth aistl.tct: Taking in Main !
face are both annoying and tBur-. f c u Rork f fh Bank
ing. Sores, ulcera. mucous Patches 8jde
muscles, constipation, a form of dys-! , dl ,
pepsla and stomacn trouoie can an r"-" " .
be the result of blood poison. "Num
ber 40 For The Blood." an old doc
tor's prescription, is the best treat
ment for all forms of blood poison
known- to medical science.
Made by J. C. Mendenhall, 40 years
a druggist. Evansville, Ind.
Sold by Central Pharmacy. Bisbee,
Ariz.; Lowell Drug Co., Lowell, Ariz.
anc
it is with this justification that we appeal for public support.
In buying our stock at m.j
20c per Share
you assist us to drill to greater depths to unlock the treasure vaults to possess the golden
talisman that will put our stockholders on Easy Street not at some remote date but
soon HOW SOON?
We plan to resume drilling within 20 DAYS. This comes nearer being a sure
thing than any thing you or we hnow. , -
Investigate to your heart's content, but remember, don't delay, as others are taking
advantage by investing in our stock. There is only a limited amount that can be
bought at the present pirce.
Marks building to the postoffice, n
rluslve. Jese Yoakum, rsptaln.
Seventeenth district: Beginning at
W. J. Arndt's residence to Walsh ave-1
nue. north side. Walsh avenue to
Brewery avenue and up Brewery ave-:
nue to Queen, laundry, west side, in
clusive, James Henderson, captain.
Fighteenth disirict: Beginning at
1 AGENTS:
UNITED STATES OIL AM) REFINING CO.
J. O. TONKIN, L R. CAULFIELD, SASSE'S, BISBEE
COLLINS & BRETHERTON, JACK BLDG., BISBEE
FRANK BRIGGS, LOWELL THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1918.
FOUR
mit itltsbrc Path; j&eiri-nu
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEN A. CA1N
..Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use lor re-publication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not otherwise credited to this paper, and also, the
local news published therein
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches ne.e-
in are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
PER MONTH
THREE MONTHS f
7.60
2.50
.75
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter -
No Subscription Tak:n for Less Than 75 Cents
The Nineteen-Eighteen
Birthday of the Babe
Every Christmas morning for the past
four years has dawned upon a world set
and tense in the business of destruction of
life and property. The kiddies, at home
i
m4m mSr
4
have had a slim Christmas and have asked
of their lonely mothers, "Where is dad this
morning?" And millions of men have
spent Christmas morning in hut and trench
thinking of the folks at home. Toy fac
tories were making munitions, silk weav
ers were carrying a rifle, the men who used
to cut and trim Christmas trees for the holi
day trade, were cutting barbed wire in No
Man's Land. And so it had come to pass,
after four years of war, that Christmas at
home was a rather serious occasion. Only a
few sensible gifts were made or given and
much thought and little laughter; many
prayers and few gay parties.
But Christmas of this good year nine-teen-eighteen,
will be probably the most re
markable and the most joyous and the most
earnest of all the celebrations of the brith of
The Babe in that Bethlehem manger, nearly
two thousand years ago. Never before had
so large a portion of the world greeted with
set glance so many war-Christmas dawns,
one after the other. Every town in France
and England mourned its dead every
Christmas day, and for the past year or
two every town in America has thought
much of the three million young men called
by this country to fight to the end for vic
tory and wondered just how much the cost
would be. And now the world knows the
full extent of the terrible cost. The strain
of the war is over. The killing and de
struction are at an end. Our stern glance
softens to love and happiness, as we turn
again, devoutly and reverently and thank
fully and with clear conscience, to the
thought of the cradle in Bethlehem and its
miracle tenant, and we can listen again for
the deathless echo of the angel song with
never a shell burst to mar the harmony.
Cur struggle and sacrifice have btought
the world a little bit nearer to that state
which the Nazarene taught and sought. His
oppressed peoples have been freed. His
temple has been restored. The land of His
birth has been won back to Christian rule
and kindness.
There, is yet much to do and to pay for
and to vorry about, before the serenity of
old Christmas days will be restored in the
world, but the worst is over, and this com
ing Christmas day all good Christian people
can relax a little and smile a little and hope
a lot and give gifts and send bright greet
ings as of yore. Let us light the lamps in
the windows of hall and home and place
bright holly on the walls and sing a song
and feel again the old glow of happiness at
giving presents to those We love., Let us
rejoice, for tyranny is trodden down; the
Bethelehem Star shines on free people from
Alsace-Lorraine clear to Nazareth; the
world has proven true to its trust of the
Christian faith.
It is not what we give that makes a fine
and happy Christmas, it is how we give. It
is the love light in the eye, the strength of
the handclasp and the earnestness in the
voice that make the gift so beautiful and
precious beyond all price.
The Babe's people have been tried as by
fire and have come uncharred from the
burning. They have suffered and given and
grieved and walked painfully in the. dark,
hence they are better able to understand
and to observe the day of The Babe, who
was also the Man of Sorrows. There is
no real worth while happiness in the world
except by contrast with sorrow; no true ap
preciation of wealth except there has been
poverty; no enjoyment of rest and play
unless there has been toil to earn and sea
son them. After the darkness of four years
of war cometh the dawn of a Christmas
morning, brighter by far, than any that
have come before. The storm is over, the
kings and oppressors have fallen, the boys
are coming home, the Christmas candles
burn; listen! can you not hear the angel
song, chanted abovethe hills upon the first
Christmas Morning of the Master's birth,
"Upon earth peace, and good will towards
men."
We Hold the
Oldest and Best
To those people who think that a halt of
the allied armies anywhere short of Berlin,
is to rob the allied triumph of much of its
real consequence in the eyes of the allied
and German world, it might be well to con
sider the age and importance of Berlin m
German history, in comparison with the
age and importance of those three occupied
cities, Treves, Mayence and Cologne. Ber
lin is the seat and center of modern Ge
man power, it is true, and the province of
Prussia has for many years ruled the Ger
manic races. But Prussia was a rocky and
barren waste and Berlin an unknown and
undesirable hamlet when Treves was a
great and important city of Germany. Co
logne was the pride and glory of old Ger
many, when Prussia was peopled princi
pally by wolves. The heartbeat of Ger
many has always been along the Rhine.
The wealth and wine and food of Germany
. . . ...... i
this fact and feel this humiliation deeper
than he possibly could in the fall of Berlin.
For Berlin is new and is simply Prussia, a
province, while Treves and Mayence and
Cologne are so old and they are Germany
itself, a nation.
Make no mistake. The line of our occu
pation holds Germany by the throat and
wrings her heart and humbles her pride m
the dust. Our soldiers hold her fields and
warehouses and glory in thrall. Without
the province of the Rhine the gunworks at
Essen would shrivel and its forges die in a
day. Berlin has only borrowed the reflect
ed glory of Cologne and Treves and holds
it by force and not by natural inheritance.
The Rhine lands made Berlin fat and great.
Our fighting men stand watch on the Rhine
and their triumph is neither dimmed or in
complete, for they hold the richest and the
oldest and best of Germany in their hands.
How fine it is to have France greet our
chief- with acclaim and triumph. This is
the same France that was visited by Btn
Franklin a hundred years or so ago. Ah, if
this greatest of Americans could have wit
nessed the reception of that American that
came after him. Franklin's trials and tri
umphs in France are written on the fade
less page. He made possible that second
Sedan. It is well to speak and think of that
great and simple printer of Philadelphia at
this time. We are so great now. We were
so litth then. But Franklin was great in
any time and under any circumstances. He
was a host in himself. We had nothing
then', and yet we had him. Two chapters,
the first, When Franklin went to France;
the second. When Wilson went to France.
These ties bind these two lands together
for all time.
After a three days' session in Chicago,
the beard of health authorities of the vari
ous stc tes and many noted physicians and
crlor.Cda ram to the conclusion that it
was impossible to reach any definite con
clusion about the influenza that has rav
aged the country and still rages in many
states. There was a marked difference of
opinion among the authorities. Some of
them favored the gauze masks as a pre
vent itive. Some of them denounced the
quarantine as useless in stopping the spread
of the disease. Most of them rather favored
vaccine as a preventative. In fact, this rem
edy sems about the only hope these auth
orities had the least faith in as a check of
this dread epidemic.
They have accorded high honors of dis
tinguished merit upon General Peyton
March chief of staff, and, while this offi
cer led no forces upon the battle field, sure
ly he is entitled to as high honor3 as his
country can bestow. His grasp and force
and tireless energy and powers of organiza
tion placed our armies in the field. He has
also the rare qualities of tact and patience
and good hard sense. There has not been
a murmur from any quarter against March,
and yet his responsibilities have been as
heavy as ever placed upon one man. He
sent men to Pershing by the million; sent
them on time like clock work. Sent them
in pretty good shape and well equipped and
fairly well drilled. His part was the hard
part. No pressing danger or high glory
to spur him on. No limelight. Just hard,
grinding work and concentration behind
closed doors. No bands or cheering men.
But his work was just as necessary as Gen
eral Buck's dash on the Vesle, that won
for him a decoraticn. America was fortu
nate in having a General March when the
call came for three million men in a year.
Poet s Comer
A SONQ FOR HEROES
i Iiy EDWIN MARKHAM.)
i L
j A sons for the heroes who saw the
i sign
. .i . .... i. .i..:. iM I K a Kottlo line
.Allli i 1 : v 1 1 - ......... -
They were walls of granite and gates
of brass;
And they cried out to God, "They
shall not pass!"
And they hurled them back in a storm
of cneers.
And the sound will echo ou over the
years.
"This is the end of the present war, but
I dc not believe there are any so Utopian
as to believe that this is the last war."
General Leonard Wood.
And a song for the end, for the glo
rious end.
And the soldier marching up oyer
the bend
Of the broken roads in gallant France,
'ihe houiinK heroes who took the
( ha:ica.
Who looked on life, and with even
J breath
Faced the winds from the suits of
death,
i Their hearts are running on over the
graves
0er the battle-wrecks over the
waves
Over the scarred fields over the
foam i
On to America on to home!
II.
And a song for the others, the heroes
slain
In Argonne Forest In St. Gobaln
In the flowery meadows of Plcardy
In Uelpium in Italy,
From brave Montelio to the sea.
A song for the heroes gone on aheaa
To join the hosts or tne marcning
dead
A song tor the souls that could lightly
i Dim;
i Sweet life away as a little thing
For the sake of the mighty need of
earth.
The need of the ages coming to birth.
1
Ail praise for the daring God who
j save
' Heroic souls that could dare the
I grave.
I Praise for the power He laid on youth
I To challenge disaster and die for
j truth.
' What greater gift can the High God
i give,
I Than the power to die that the truth
; may live!
the country, all Li re sicir v j G,orV to tl.e
This newspaper man nas loVud hi-- Heaven.
work nere ana ne .!.. ..... v.hcse wounds
seven -
that He gathers the heroes
A FRECKLED BOY AND
A HUNGRY BURRO
trails and this mountain town. !: 1'
k little Oil weary ami in; ... i... ;iory
n,.rt(nr mp has written :ittr; .nr
thought a crMt den! in hit nwsp-t?-r
den. He has trid to-tell ai l ?- !-
! could of the scirr.v.- and cla j-vsrj ai. i
I work and play cf the ppcn'.p here. He
i has tri.-d to toll. Hh has trl-d to sei
I forth something of the ypirtt of ttiP
Itown and in r.reat a.e-m:U?!imMn
ithe face of every diadvantace. And
: K,,ro pit hf has tried to be lair End
He nu ; kil)( As hesl he t ouijf and lrom tne
and the,. ,w . Hlla r,tPn. seeklnc alvvavs-
Lord, the Hero of
in His sidb are
home.
Om of the red fields, out of the foam
dithers them out of the Everywhere,
liilo the Camp that i:; Over-There!
The New Chareti Messenger.
Appaiertly ai'. the Pan-Germans
V;ve becj:r.3 panhaadlers Columbia
Record.
have always come from the lands watered
k,r tV. RViin and Moselle. The traditions
and pride and beauty and fondest ideals of Uo
JL I 1 A na
the German tatheriana nave oeen u
nutured on the very soil held by the allies
today. ,
Consider, in years gone by, it was the
vote of the bishops of Treves and Mayence
and Cologne that elected the emperors of
Germany, in days when the Prussian bar
barians had all they could do to hold their
own against the Poles and the Slavs and
the wolves and the famine and snows of
their own sterile province. Germany was
nourished and made great by the thrift and
genius and steadfastness of the people in
the Rhine and Moselle valleys. They are
to German national life what Plymouth
Rock and Virginia and the Ohio valleys and
the blue grass meadows of Kentucky are
to this nation in its song and story.
Could there well be a greater triumph
or coincidence of fate than the occupation
of the seats of power of these three famous
and proud old bishops of ancient German
days? Cologne is held by the English, and
k.- tklral i to the German what the
A Ii.sbee lady told the newspaper
man a story the ether day that warmed
his heart, it was about a small and
freckle-fated boy and a lowly burro.
"I met this boy,"' said the lady, "on
the very worst day ol the recent cold
spcil tramping., up the fitrcet in the
bitter wind with a larse gunny sack
fin his shoulder. He was such a littl?
bov' and he had such a bl sack and ,
lit faca and hands were blue with
cold and his small legs tould hardly
make way against the storm. I
stopped and asked him where he was
going with that old sack on such a
day as this.
The boy smiled and touched his
cap with his free hand and told me
most carnohlly that he was goinK up
on the hill to feed a burro that he
had adopted risht off the ranpe. He
had been to the Vista park, where he
had pulled the rasa w ith his hands
and he was goins to carry this meal
. . 1, fa koril CUV
soiiie.iu". .i . . -- 7 'Kinu. as Desi lie vuu.u. k, .whins hart a dissrace-
grown to love thl canyon ana ui , heart ne haa written, seeking a.waa- h" ;ubmarines had a
squat, ugly mountains and the sand he hc, fu, worJ. Many pleasures ful j J (3
and mesquite and silence cf the val-:and a ,ev paius ne ha3 kmjWn lu-re: ; aracetiil beRint.u.g. urecnic la
leys and the pure air and triiliant, nv riPnds and a few foes; mv.iy lieamoni.
sunshine and porgeous canopy of tne ' fair "and a few foul days.
skyline. ! Mnv hlessmcs rest upon the head Hungary has delivered the first real
. .. . .!, Kwx.oiit rhi news- stroke azain.st secret uipiomac) oj
in Ills minimi j""--iui iuc - . , . . . ,. . r.min
nrtrtmn nl n II ' nnna. rt.ar. I i.r In see aiM kiiuw ai. wi.ii. in. "
across a conslaeraDie
Cochise. And as he chugsed
thrnnffh the sana ana auoDe
ambassador.
along these
oust. ten.
tilings of whi.h be
and mav he be given
has writ-; New ork Evening roi.
the grca
complaining bitterly of the roads, he KOod fortune to find such another bU . Let the .oId,er. brtng home a,
v... ,vl .hriti nf thP hich nlaces! fir anil kindlv chiet in the north- French brides the) wish if tnry wiu
UCia ICIl --r r uuu . .I..,.'
and sensed a little of the vastness of land whence he goes soou. And thus only leave tne tooues oeu.nu im.
the desert and fallen completely under !endeth these Man to Man talks In i .Nashville Tennessean.
Bisbee town. Ah. n tnose nu reau
Ah he has 1 would but think as kindlv ol him wh , If Mexico only knew what v.as good
. A''.- rr. r.. .. .. ... i. -,, nUvHvs thousht ' for her. shd reform and become an
Homely and; of them! v
Its peculiar charm.
And the mountains!
looked often to them
thev never failed him.
to his four-footsd triend in the hope j picture ot the
that It would v. arm him up a little j grass and tree
hnrrt and barren they are. as one agios.
them from the valley
road, but, like many men a.:d things
of lile. they yield an entrar.ee by d
Mdden path that only these who
..,.Hnrt:inH mav find, and it ieads to
a heart of softness, w ealth ami beauty.
Always will this simple, numoie
newsDaner man carry with him the
little DrooK ana me
rees ana majestic
American winter resort. mere
money in it. Anaconda Standard.
And he was poing of granite in Ramsey carbon
on this coid day.
use the sack, as
ad fulfilled iU destiny as a carrier
of feed."
Some boy, this. The newspaper
man Ins always contended that a
freckled boy had tho gift of gold dust
sprinkled on hia face by kindly fate
when he was born. These freckled
toys are nearly always of the up and
at 'em kind. Then they are Rene'aliy
brave among the strong, and nentle
unions: the weak. They are regular
uii.'miiml l.ovs. and the Ixird never
made anythiiit; finer than these.
This small boy going with hi bia
Hui-k to feed a slrav burro ou a bitter
dav is a picture to place in the galley
of tho world's masterpieces. This boy
will be a great and puccessful man
some day. Not rich, r.iabu. or with
authority over many men; but great
of heart and soul and successful in
t;i.iiiin? and holding the love of real
men and women.
Brave, kindly, happy, freckled boy.
f.iukv burro. A boy like this was
of the
The brook there
ma
Reims cathedral was to the rrencn. may
ence is held by the Poilus and the humilia
tion of this fact, only a German who knows
his country's history and tradition can
know. Treves is held by the Americans,
and sure it is that if ghosts walk, the ghost
of the proud and arrogant old bishop of
Treves doth stalk the halls he had from the
Roman, and ruled with an iron hand.
The cities of the Three Bishops are held
in thrall and the real German will mourn-
iti,,.i ufii.r 1 Huactiucas range.
tola mm a story in; '! "t..
and the sheer walls of rock humbled
and yet strengthened his hrart. and
the blind man's flower garden and
apple blossoms and green Uvvea set
the seal of their soft beauty upon
his r mil. Mabe it is the contrast of
the desert that makes Hsmsvy eanyon
tum s.i fine. Mav be not. Anyw ay.
to this newspaper man the spot will
rule without a rival as a place In
which to rest and play ami uream
rinv lrennis about old and fine and
pleasant and wise and lovely thins
that do not often come true in this
old world.
This newspaper man came here
from the city and the blucgrass bioom
of tho east, but now hc loves the
m..n..itn vantM and the browu
Iim nd erav haze of these val-.
i.v Snrelv. nowhere In the world
rin" ihe morniiiKs dawn so fair aud fin ;
as in litis einon in summer. And
the noble sweep downward to the
with Uiose Americans that refused lo; .own m,m ne op.,. . -
wood ana uvea " j,...tl.ht
town lutms with diuiu'-m ... ......
then at nisht tne iamp. mihic
cottage windows tar ' p mw
higher thati any city ;
. . . ... I 1 liL-.. I
so nvn ii''y ' ' "
stars. A sinning scene u:i -.
lr...n. crini raiUlf K , k t . tic pilm.-kih ,
f .. ... II'.. i
(,t.(lsia par in v.
Some low ii i Min '
and
in the
surrender in Arconne
for days on oak leaves. Lafayette,
the Fiemh:iian. was such a boy as
. . . 11.. ..t Lmud
tins. Aim so was jonu i uui uw.-o.
AHr..,v i n k.,., and Robert K. ! mountain aide
and Phil " Sheridan and Davy Ukyscraner,
Crockett and all the other knUht
crrants of pe;i'c and w',r- I'nseMish
in bovhood and doms greatly
Hi.'
cis; aiwavs lor oners j ' 1 .
sell. Ileipins the lowly and cast j
down i:i'! mitomn-'c. and unattrm-,
the ..ti'Ji of the world. j
ThiK Imv carrieii trass oil a winter.
i!ay lo a pour, niM r.iole Imrni. VV-.-U. '
v h.it in r! The l.otd God of Uutsj
rede a burro into Jerusalem.
AD1GS
A "lie
llinh and a million paroll ai.u
mountain pass :!() let -vide a.nl three j
Ill u:. v " '
inec anil a m-H
Tin. h.-st tiiid the wo;vl ol cv
here. . Winus llint blow
1. i he roots and a
I you II Is iu mill.
: for four months
rlimo.
i :hin-
your hair out
(aim Cmt scares
Snns'iiee every ilav
and tl-en a cloud-
p.r 'he better af of l" s'liun.er
and waiter si-hsoiis thin newspaper
I m in ll;M Iheil here Id Tonibstoiii
iiiinvoii of the Mine raue. and now
' the'time has coi.w to say Adlos. And,
hursl. A lariiet as mean aim niuon.v
and uiiMchtlv as a ra i" 'he dust.i
mid a ceilnii; of mir.rle uraniieur audi
ever chatmlns splendor. CkI'h.xs mid
hurro Htt'l "lecirie I
and marble hall. I lie pli .
anil the unit wood ol
"
f- " MY BOY! 7 j
I fill! v r (C
I ft ' " I
I
I
beau'y
lulolie
t Ihe
.hack
loimtiy
"tout a rt. joyous
feorto oJ tons "i uoiJ
'Any where in America" at any home.
..j 1 i .11 . h. ITnitd States!
" frabnretued fV. uT S. camp, to
CM the "to,f."S?fSfw or" of he millions of U. S. glad.ators has ar
(icir honoesi. In V,eTJS! wh trophies. To him the hetr.e-tomine 1
Wired home safe. er. thouch. it means th. ed ot THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1918. r
FIVE
XHAS CHEER FOR
BELGIANS WILL
BE MADE READY
Clothing of All Sorts Desired,
As There Is Great Need for
It; None From Homes of
Sickness
Christmas cheer for the Belgians
ana French will be sought among the
people of fortunate Bisbee, this week
according to announcement made by
Mrs. E. E. Ellinwood, chairman of the
committee for relief of Belgium and
France. In the devastated regions of
the two countries the need for warm,
comfortable clothing is very great and
by liberal donations the people of the
Warren district may prove their grati
tude for the good fortune which has
made them able to give presents to
those less fortunate than themselves.
Even were money given, the supply
of wool is not sufficient to meet the
needs of the unfortunates of the two
countries. Used clothing, therefore is
necessary. Several collections of gar
ments will be made during the winter
so that for the present there Is no
necessity for clothing to be sent from
homes where there is sickness.
The clothing must be clean, though
not necessarily whole, as the material
for "make-overs" is desired.
The following p!a.ces have been
designated as receiving stations where
bundles for this worthy cause may be
left:
Bisbee Red Cross sewing and knit
ting room. Library building.
Quality hill Mrs. Gerald Sherman.
Mason hill Mrs. C. H. Hunt.
Clawson hill Mrs. E. E. Ellinwood.
Tombstone canyon Mrs. M. L.
Butler.
Lowell Mrs. C. S. Thompson.
Warren Red Cross sewing room,
Mrs. T. A. Hughes, Mrs. F. E. Snine.
Jiggerville Mrs. O. N. Alvin.
Don Luis Mrs. C. A. Bailey.
Mrs. E. A. Tovrea will call for any
clothing if she is notified over the
telephone. No. 204, or card is posted
to her at Bisbee, Lowell or Warren.
Omong the suggestions for doua-
tions are the following: ,
Men's wear: Shirts, (preferably of i
lipht colored flannel); undershirts, j
underdrawers, trousers, coats, work-,
suits, (overalls), suits, three-piece,
shot's, overcoats. Jerseys, sweater-1
vests, socks, sizes 10 1-2 to 11.
Women's wear: Shirts, drawers, !
corset slips, petticoats, blouses, skirts, !
overcoats, suits, two-piece, pinafores,
shoes,- cloth hats, knitted caps, stock
ings, sizes 8 to 10, shawels.
Boys' wear: Shirts, union suits,
undershirts, trousers, coats, suits,
shoes, overcoats, jerseys, socks, sizes
1 to 9.
Girls' wear: Dresses, skirts, over
coats, nightdresses, drawers, stock
ings, sizes 1 to 6, undergarments, pet
ticoats, suits two-piece, blouses, shoes,
repaired and cleaned.
Boys' and girls wear: Hooded
capes, pinafores, woolen union suits.
Infants' wear: Swanskin swaddling
clothes, cradle chemises, bodices,
cradle dresses, bonnets, bibs, necker
chiefs, diapers, shoes, baby dresses,
hooded cloaks, jackets, shawls, sweat
ers.) socks.
Miscellaneous: Bed-ticks, ' bed
sheets, pillow cases, blankets, mufflers.
HEAVY MAIL FROM
OVERSEAS GOMES'TO
DISTRICT'S CITIZENS
MANY PARENT8 HEAR FROM
THEIR SONS "OVER THERE
FIRST TIME IN MANY WEEKS;
.LETTERS WRITTEN AFTER
ARMISTICE ASSURE OF SAFETY
NOBLE
WOMEN
OF DISTRICT DO
SPLENDID
WORK
As Result of Devotion and
Effort, Draft for $1200 Is
Sent for Relief Work in Bel
gium and France
Father and Mother Bisbee who have
sons "over there" had a present yes
terday calculated to place them in the
best possible spirits for a Merry
Christmas and the happiest New Year
of their lives. The heaviest mail from
France received here since the A. E.
F. has been abroad, was distributed by
the postoffice and practically every
parent who has a son across the sea
received assurance in his own hand
writing that he had weathered the
storm of strife and was Well and hap
py. Almosf all of the letters were
written after the signing of the armis
tice. Among other letters received was
one by Ed Wittig from his son, Earl,
who when last heard from was in a
hospital recuperating from wounds. At
ihe time the letter was written he had
recovered fully and rejoined his com
mand, which was one of those desig
nated to march into Germany.
The amount of mail received here
yesterday from overseas indicated
more plainly than anything else could ,
have, the amount of time, the soldiers J
now have on their hands, since fight- j
iug has ceased. All mails hereafter '
probably will bring Bisbee a more gen-;
erous supply of letters from her sons j
than before the signing of the armis
tice. I
Who likes pie? Big Sunday dinner j
at English Kitchen. 716 j
As a result of the devotion and
efiort of a few women and the gen
erous response of the Warren dis
trict at large, a draft was mailed
from bisbee the other day for $1200
for relief work in Belgium and trance,
'this relief movement was organized
in the district immediately following
the visit of Madame Victor Horta ot
Brussels on the ninth day of last Oc
tober. At a meeting of Warren dis
trict women that day at the residence
of Mrs. Dr. F. E. Shine, presided over
by the ' noted relief worker from
Europe, the Warren district commit
tee was formed and plans made for
the campaign that has just ended so
successfully.
In spite of quarantine regulations
that forbade assemblages and enter
tainments this committee prosecuted
its work, using pledge cards and mak
ing a most thorough personal canvas.
The campaign began in earnest Octo
ber 16 and at the meeting of the
executive committee held December
16 at the home of Mrs. E. E. Ellin
wood, chairman, the report of the
success of this work was read by
Mrs. T. A. Hughes, secretary, and
Mrs. Grant H. Dowell, the treasurer,
announced that the $1200 draft had
been sent December 3 'and that $62.81
still remained in tne treasury.
This is a fine record of accomplish
ment. The work itself is in the
noblest of causes. Indeed, this War
ren committee is a branch of the
original society organized for the re
lief of Belgium by Herbert Hoover in
the dark days of the little nation's
first great anguish. And the work
goes on and on. There is so much
to do. ALd it will and must' continue
until Uken over by the Red Cross
and the allied governments.
in the Warren district relief work
each member took ten pledge cards
and of these a total of 225 were
signed, all by individuals of the dis
trict, no corporation or mining com
pany, giving a lump sum to reach the
total of $1962 pledged for this relief
work.
in' i commiiiee iur r rencii unu ,
Belgian relief still has work to do.
Ofc Greatest A'iX&r in tfie Mhrc
doin the
RedGoss
-rAtt eYm JSeodisaZHevrt
ana a jLrvuttr
It is now engaged in gathering cloth
ing for the devastated districts to
which thousands of destitute people
are returning and seeking again to
make into homes. This intensive
clothing campaign will continue from
tomorrow until the end of the. year.
The members of the executive com
mittee of this relief work are as fol
lows: Mrs. N. C. Bledsoe, Mrs. O. A.
Bridge, Mrs. M- L. Butler, Mrs. Frank
Duval, Miss M. Duffy, Mme. Feu
chere, Mrs. Sam Frankenberg, Mrs.
W. B. Gohring, Mrs. A. Houle, Mrs. C.
H. Hunt. Mrs. F. C. Hurst, Mrs. M. P.
Johns, Mrs. R. Lamore, Mrs. N. Pron
guer, Mrs. J. M. Ross, Mrs. J. W. Scott,
Mrs. G. F. Sherman. Mrs. F. E. Shine,
Mrs. I. F. Sinclair. Mrs. W. J. SpauM
ing, Mrs. E. A. Tovrea and Mrs. C. S.
Thompson.
PRICE BOARD
EXPLAINS
lltl'EST
ITS
Wheat Flour Substitutes Re
duced to Practically Cost
Basis, Which Should Speed
Up Consumption
pelled to sell out that stock at a fixed
margin. Consumers have a right to
challenge prices of their grocer in
the event that they exceed the maxi
mum price shown for the week. Com
plaints of overcharge should be made
to members of the price interpreting
board and should in each rase be ac
rnmnanieri hv the s:ilea ticket.
LISTS LOCAL BOARD COMPILES
FURTHER FIGURES ON
LIST OF DRAFTED MEN
MILK ANALYSES FOR
WEEK DECEMBER 14
The following is the report of the
city and county bacteriologist. Dr. R.
B. Durfee, for the week ending De
cember 14:
Pet. Pet.
Fat Water
Hillside Dairy 5.5 85.07
Busy Bee Fruit Market... 4.6 87.0S
Jovanovicb 3.8 86.95
Standard $.3 83.04
Royal Confectionery 6.5 84.60
A. Karam 3.8 87.68
Bisbee Creamery 7.3 83.80
San Jose 4.4 86 67
F. Guerrero 4.6 85.88
W. S. Hayes . . . . 5.4 85.1"
A. M. Collins 5.3 86.36
J. Conley, A 4.5 85.95
J. Conlev, B 4.4 86.94
Mm. Elliott . 4.8 86.41
The members of the price interpret
ing board held a meeting at the office
of the Warren District Commercial
club Friday kliemoon, with the ivfuii
that selling prices on so-called wheat
flour substitute have been reduced
to practically a cost basis. While
merchant are entitled to a profit on
the lorious types ol flour,' they found
that the demand amounted to prac
tically nothing since tb restrictions
were removed from the sale of wheat
flour. A there was no advance no
tice of the change in the regulations,
all grocers were I fccessarily carrying
an a.nount o wheat Hour substitutes
equivalent to one-fourth of their stock
of wheat flour.
It in now Dossibla to buv'barlev
! flour, corn flour, rye flour and gra
ham flour at exceedingly low prices.
The local grocers are willing to sac
rifice their stocks rather than carry
them for a period of two or three
months. It I bellved that the attrac
tive . prices will have the effect of
interesting the consumer. If every
body would use but a small portion
of these so-called substitute in addi
tion to their wheat flour, the local
stocks would be rapidly cleaned up.
The price Interpreting board was!
able to make several reductions in I
the eelling prices of staples with only
slight advances. It was reported that
there was some misunderstanding in
regard to the descriptions of bacon
and ham. The price on fancy sliced
bacon of 63 cents per pound ("overs
the highest grade. Where customers
demand that the rind be trimmed
dealers are permitted to make an
extra charge. The foregoing charge
I with the rind on.
I The column showing consumer's
i price is Intended to co,Ter the lowest
J possible price at which the item must
he sold for ish with a fair profit to
the dealer, anl the second price rep
resents the highest price that the
consumer should pay.
The variation in prices in the-ietwo
columns is occasioned by the fact that i
someg rocers own stock at lower
prices than others. They aje com-
REPORT SHOWS THAT ALL MEN
WERE CLASSIFIED WHO RE
TURNED THEIR -QUESTIONNAIRES
WITH THE EXCEPTION
OF THOSE OVER THIRTY-SEVEN
"Work at the local board is prog
ressing very smoothly," said H. L.
Hutchinson, chief clerk of the local
board for Cochise county, yesterday.
"Every detail of clearing up the work
on hand relative to making out re
ports, closing the accounts of all the
men and sealing of boxes is being ac
complished without any undue trouble,
although a great deal of clerioal work
is thus entailed."
Annual and monthly reports have
been made out and dispatched to the
adjutant general's office. A few of
the interesting figures included in the
report are as follows:
Number of men in the class of June,
1917, listed in Class 1. 2480; in Class
2. 146; Class 3. 106; Class 4. 1263;
Clas S. 2835; total classified. 6S30.
Number of men class of June, 19 IS,
including those of August 24, listed
in Class 1. 139; Class 2. 8; Class 3.
15; Class 4. 16; Class 5, 100; total
classified. 273.
Number of men In the class of Sep
tember, 1918, 19 to 36 years of age.
inclusive, listed in Class 1, 989; Class
2. 357; Class 3, 90; Class 4, 1333;
Class 5, 1863; total number classi
fied. 4632.
Number ot men in the class of Sep
tember, 1918. 37 to 45 years of age.
inclusive, 4232.
Number of men in the class of Sep
tember, 1918, 13 years of aRe, in Class
1, 229; Class 2. 1; Class 3, 20: Class
4, 2; Class 5, 156; total classified, 408.
The local board has received notice
that all clerks will be given 30 days'
notice before the board is closed. The
cb iff clerk will be on duty until
further notice from the government.
The discharge papers of the men
who were to leave for Camp Cody
September 11 and those who were to
have left for Kelly Field. September
12, hae been forwarded to their re
spective camps, where, in a short time,
they will be sent back to the men.
QUARNTINE NOT
EXPECTED TO BE
RENEWED IN CITY
Despite Fears of Physicians of
Temporary Outbreak, Con
ditions Show Constant Improvement
Complete denial of rumors afloat
in Bisbee during the last few days was
given last night by Dr. C. H. Hunt,
county health officer, who said there
was no intention of renewing the quar
antine against influenxa in this dis
trict. "We had expected that there would
be a sudden Increase in the number
of cases this week, following the lift
ing of the quarantine," said Dr. Hunt.
"Our fears have proven groundless so
far. as since last Monday when the
quarantine was lifted the general sit
uation has Continued to show improve
ment throughout the district."
Considerable comment had been oc
casioned by the fact that dances were
being given in Tombstone, although
dancing and had been forbidden here,
when questioned about this. Dr. Hunt
said that he had heard dances were
being held in the county seat, but that
was the business of Tombstone and
not of Bisbee.
"The matter of holding public gath
erings of all sorts has been put in the
handd of the authorities and health of
ficers ot each particular section or
community." he said. "My attitude on
dancing is the same as on public
schools being reopened in the various
communities; I put this matter in the
hands ot the health officers and school
boards. If the people of Tombstone,
where there have been few cases of
influenza recently, wish to dance and
can obtain the consent of the city
health officer, that does not concern
Bisbee. It has been ruled here that
there shall be no dances for the pres
ent, though."
ATHLETE3 MEET SOON
8y Review Leased tre
DENVER, Colo.. Dec. 14. The an
nual. Denver Athletic club amateur
boxing and wrestling tournament will
open January 20 and will continue for
seven or eigil nights, according to an
announcement made by the officers
of the club today. All professionals
are burred, also fiist and second prize
winners in previous D. A. C tourna
ments may not compete except in spe
cial events between each other.
1 IjtluJXultcl
This Year Finds Us With the Lamest Stock
of Merchandise That We Have Ever Carried
s
People once went to New
York for the Opera Season
Now they stay at home with
The NEW EDISON
pry.- "i tf'ilXka
:ng fa tma an actual prWofrarh
finnprl of the Metropolitan
Th? draw
of Frieda hnnprl of the
Opera, airpnj in d.rrrt enmranann m-.t a rvr
Din vxre no 'he .New C-1 too and thua
prming thit tha two tendiuoat are uidia-
f 'TTf llfrhslMf i
"DOR. this marvelous instrument brings
- Grand Opera right into their homes. Yes,
literally. Of course opera has a double appeal :
to the eye and to the ear. The New Edison
can't supply the former but it certainly does
the latter. So far as hearing the great artist
of to-day is concerned they themselves can
give, you no more han
2&NEW EDISON
"Tkt Phinogrspk witk m Sul"
You can't improve upon perfection and this inveo-
y, tion Rc -Creates the singer's voice with such perfec
ration that no human ear can distinguish artist from
instrument. I he taison tone tests in which the
singers have sung in direct comparison with the
New Edison have proved this to more than
l.OOO.OTO listeners. Mnre than 1 5C0 of these tests
have been held. More than 30 great artists lave
appeared in them.
Drop into our store to-morrow and Tiear a
demonstration.
EDISON PHONOGRAPHS. THE WORLD'S STAN
DARD. SOLD BY US ON EASY PAYMENTS.
Eiitnn Recreation ahotild not b- plavrJ tid cannot he r-IaveJ rropprTv on anr
other inatrumjt. If thrv cmU b the nun jfaeturera ho acek to profit Hf Mr.
Edison's research "rk vr .':d be ahi? to rule tewt trt coraranaona, rh at hive
been nude with the rw Ediaon before t-wo m:thon m-wc lover.
Lo
hfV h:T-;J
The operation of two stores enables us to purchase in large quantities, and we are able to offer better
values at lower prices, than any of our competitors. Our stock consists of wares from the oldest and most
reliable factories in the United States.-
A Complete Line of Thermos Bottles
Libbey's Cut Glass Picard China
International Hfff) Silver
Gorhamfs Sterling Silver
Every conceivable watch manufactured, barring imported Swiss watches, including Howards, Ham
iltons, Elgins, Walthams and'Gruens, are to be found in this store.
We carry a beautiful and complete line of genuine Cordova leather, in ladies' hand bags, and gen
tlemen's billbooks.
Examine our line of TOILET ARTICLES. We have the most complete line in the district. STERL
ING SILVER. GOLD AND PI ATINUM PLATED SETS. AND PERSIAN IVORY SETS at prices rang
ing from $10.00 to $100.00
Mantel Clocks of Waltham, Ingraham and Session makes.
THE MOST REMARKABLE LINE OF BLUE WESSELTON DIAMONDS EVER SHOWN IN
ARIZONA. ARE TO BE FOUND HERE. SEE OUR WINDOW FOR THE WONDERFUL VALUES
WE OFFER. j '
LIBERTY BONDS and WAR STAMPS accepted as CASH
Bring them in make your purchase, and take
THE DIFFERENCE IN CASH.
Special Atten
tion Given to
Mail
Orders
O Tl
OPPOSITE POST OFFICE BISBEE.
innaura
OLDEST JEWELRY ESTABLISHMENT IN ARIZONA.
9
WHERE YOU
DO BETTER.
927 G. AVENUE, DOUGLAS SIX
THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1918.
IS
MURAT PALACE
Thousands Stand in Street
Before Gates of Temporary
White House, Hopeful of
Seeing Wilson
(By Review leased Wire)
PARIS. Dec. 14. Murat House is
carefully guarded by United States
secret service agents and hundreds of
gendarmes. All the streets approach
ing it are guarded by French cavalry,
some wearing the war battered and
soiled horizon blue uniforms and
shrapnel helmets, in which they
chssed the Germans. The red and
white pennants at the edges of their
lances are waving everywhere for
blocks around the mansion.
During the entire afternoon thou
sands of men and women stood in the
streets leading to the president's Paris
tome, awaiting an opportunity to
catch a glimpse of Mrt Wilson,' but
they were disappointed, for he remain
ed indoors. Late this afternoon
Thomas Nelson Page, American am
bassador to Italy, called and paid his
respects. President "Wilson also re
ceived a Zarge delegation or French
socialists, who welcomed him to Paris
on behalf of the workers. Colonel Ed
ward M. House, and General Tasker
H. Fliss. arrived later and conferred
with the psesident at some length.
Shortly after 4 o'clock this after
Mr Wilson finished receiving
callers and retired to his apartment,;
- . . i .-..
where he rested, it was expiameu
that he was slightly fatigued by the
trip from Brest. The crowds remained
standing about the neighborhood until
well after dark.
A large American flag was raised
on a tall pole over the main entrance
this afternoon. The crowds at least
two blocks away cheered thmeniselves
hoarse, first shouting "Wilson! Wil
son! Wilson!" and then cheering for
the United States. There were many
Impromptu, parades, in which French,
American. British and Belgian sol
fliers and crowds of civilians, both
men and women, inarched through the
streets of Paris in the direction of
the Murat House, singing and wav
ing flags. Arriving where French
guards barred the way, the marchers
cheered for ' a moment and then
marched off again.
Parisians who were unable to see
the president, satisfied themselves by
kissing and embracing all American
uniformed men. One girl managed in
some way to get past the guards. She
threw her arms around the neck of a
husky American sergeant on duty at
the gate and kissed him several times
while the crowd outside cheered.
FLOWERS FOR WILSON
PARIS, Dec. 14 (Havas). When
President and Mrs. Wilson returned
from the Elysee Palace they found in
the drawing room of the Murat resi
dence many beautiful bouquets, which
bad been left there by all classes of
the French people.
During the late afternoon President
Wilson received a number of officials.
Among those who registered were Pre
mier Venizelos of Greece, the minis
ters of Belgium, Denmark, Switzer
land, Venezuela, Sweden and China,
Marquis Lafayette and members of
the French government.
In the evening the president con
ferred with Secretary Lansing. He
declared that he had been greatly
touched by uie coratai recepuuu siren
to him by the people of Paris, which i
he would never forget.
ADDRESS TO SOCIALISTS
PARIS, Dec 14. President Wilson,
addressing a socialist delegation
-which called upon him said:
"Gentlemen: I receive with great in
terest the address you have just read
to me. The war through which we
hare just passed has illustrated in
a way which never can be forgotten
the extraordinary wrongs which can
be perpetrated by arbitrary and irre
sponsible power.
"It Is not possible to secure the hap
piness and prosperity of the world, to
establish an enduring peace, unless
the repetition of such wrongs is ren
dered impossible. This has indeed
been a people's war. It has been
waged against absolutism and militar
ism, and these enemies of liberty
must from this time forth be shut
out from the possibility of working
their cruel will upon mankind.
"In my judgment it is not sufficient
to establish this principle. It is neces
sary that it should be supported by a
co-operation 'of the nations which shall
be based upon fixed and definite cove
nants and which shall be made certain
cf effective action through the instru
mentality of a league of nations. I
believe this to be the conviction of
liberal men.
, "I am confident that this is the
thought of those who lead your own
great nation and I am looking for
ward with peculiar pleasure to co
operating with them in securing guar
antees of a lasting peace of justice
and right, securing which, shall Jus
tify the sacrifice of this war and
cause men to look back upon those
sacrifices as the final processes of
their emancipation."
DENVER EPIDEMIC DROPS
Bv Roview I:isd Wire!
DENVER. Colo., Dec. 14 Reports
to the city health officials made dur
ing the past 24 hours showing but 95
new cases of influenza and eight
deaths, were by far the most encou
raging since the epidemic started on
October 6, according to Dr. Wm. H.
Sharpley, city manager of public
health.
STRONG GUARD
AROUND
GHAPIN FOUND SANE
IN LEGAL SENSE AND
MUST FACE COURTS
FORMER CITY EDITOR OF NEW
YORK WORLD WHO CONFESSES
TO SLAYING HIS WIFE EXAMIN
ERS FIND WAS VICTIM OF DE
FECTIVE MORAL REASONING
(Tlv Rviem- lflsHl Virr
NEW YORK. Dec. 14--'iiar!es K.
Chapin, former city editor of the
New York Evening World, who con
fessed to having shot and killed Ms
wife at the Hotel Cumoerland, Sep
tember 16. has been found letally
sane, according to the report of a
lunacy commission filed today.
Describing the relations between
Chapin and his wife as "singularly de
voted," according to uncontradicted
testimony, the commissioners termed
the editor's act "an effect of defective
moral reasoning."
Voluminous evidence, they stated,
showed that Chapin had been in a
condition of worriment. (based on
financial troubles t 'for more than five
years, but they were forced to the
conclusion that he was not insane
when h committed the crime and is
not now.
The commissoiners were George W.
Wickersham. former United States
attorney general: Lamar Hardy, for
mer corporation counsel, and Dr.
Smith E. Jelliffe.
Chapin gave himself up the day
after the shooting, asserting that he
had intended to kill himself and could
not bear to leave his lite partner be
hind. It is expected that an early
date will be set for his trial.
PASTORS USED TO
PREACH LOVE OF .
HUN FATHERLAND
(Continued from P.ige One)
and the United States in war, "as a
frame-up by the British.
DOCUMENTS ARE READ.
CHICAGO. Dec. 14. Articles print
ed in the American Sociialist in oppo
sition to the war and to the draft law
were read to the jury by District At
torney C. F. Clyne at today's session
of the Socialist trial before Judge
Landis.
One of these, entitled "The Killing
Program," from the American Social
ist of May 19, 1917, defined the gov
ernment program as: "Kill free
speech, kill the free press, kill the
right of free assembly, kill all good
labor legislation kill the right to
strike, kill humane teachings, kill the
ten commandments, kill all who re
fuse to kill."
Close attention to the articles read
to the jury was paid by the five de
fendants Victor L. Berger. Adolph
Germer, J. Louis Engdahl, William F.
Kruse and Irwin St. John Tucker.
John P. Ferris of Milwaukee, for
merly in tfcp service of the bureau of
intelligence of the department of
justice, testified to having called at
Victor Berger's office in Milwaukee.
"Mr. Berger told Mr. Izzard, the
chief of the bureau, and myself, that
he was responsible for everything
which appeared in the Milwaukee
Leader, his paper, news and editorials
and advertising," sail! Ferris. He was
not cross-examined.
There was a noticeably smaller
number of spectators in the court
room aud it was observed that while
the documentary evidence was being
read into the record several of the
women who have been constant at
tendants at the trials knitted while
others read books or newspapers.
Portions of an address made by
Adolph Germer at Rockford, June 17,
1917, were read by Thomas A. Stone,
a court reporter, who took down the
speech as it was delivered.
One paragraph read by the witness
was:
"This war is not to make the world
safe for democracy nor to make Ger
many democratic, but is only in the
interest of munition makers and Wall
street Under the' guise of fighting
the kaiser's military machine there
will be built up here a military ma
chine which will make the kaiser's
look like a piker."
Other excerpts of the Germer ad
dress were read to the jury by coun
sel for the defendants, one extract
which he emphasized being: "You
can not force democracy on any
people."
It Is expected that the government
will complete its presentation of evi
dence by the middle of next week.
AWARDED LITERARY MEDAL.
(Hy Review Leiised Wire)
NEW YORK, Dec. 14. William
Roscoe Thayer of Boston, overseer of
Harvard university, and widely known
author, was awarded the gold medal
of the National Institute of Arts and
letters at the annual meeting of the
organization here tonight. The award
was in recognition of Mr. Thayer's
co:irilntions during the year tj his
tory and Liocraphy.
Cass Gilbert, architect, of this city
was e'ected president of the insti
tute l'i succeed Augustus Thomas.
SEASON STARTS EARLY.
(Ilv Review leaned Wire)
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn.. Dec. 14
American Association league baseball
season of 1919 will begin April 29.
the western clubs opening their canr
paign in the four eastern cities, it
was announced tonight by President
T. J. Hickey after the concluding
meeting of the association club own
ers here. On the first trip the clubs
will play three-game series and the
set-ona and third trip will have four
games each.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
MfiQKFn MFN TAKF i
"
DOUGLAS MEXICAN
FROM HIS HOME!
Dr. Alonzo Huerta, Reported
to Be Former Villa Leader,
Kidnapped After Men Tied
His Wife
SM-H;ll to TIim i-w)
IXH-GLAS. Ariz.. Dec. 14 Kilter
J ins the home of Dr. Aionzo Huerta.
ionce prominent in the Mm ter.uma dis
trict of Sonora as a leader in the
Villa-Maytorena faction, but for (wo
years or more a political refugee on
the American side of the border,
about 10:30 tonight, four masked men
at the point of pistols bound and
gagged Mrs. H'terta, then forced
Huerta to enter an automobile and
leave with them. Mrs. Huerta.. after
liberating herself, notified the officers
who found her home at 634 Green
street giving evidences of the alleged
kidnapping. Dr. Huerta about two
years ago was repute! to be one of
the heads of a revolution expedition
into Sonora. which, however, failed.
He has fallen somewhat into disrepute
in Douglas owing to having been ar
rested more than once in connection
with gambling games. City and
county officers were conducting a
thorough search of the city and ci
cinity late tonight, but could find no
trace of the missing man. The auto
mobile was said to have headed east
ward and it was believed by some
officers that the men had carried
Huerta -( onto Sonora somewhere be
tween Douglas and San Bernardino,
while others think he was carried
around the town and westward toward
P.isbee.
TO
T
Hun Submarine Commander
t
Claims to Have Sunk Much
American Shipping; Claims
Humanitarianism
LONDON, Wednesday. Nov. 27,
(Correspondence of the Associated
Press.) It was the U-53, commanded
by Lt. Cpt. Hans Hose, the German
by Lt. Cpt. Hans Rose, the Ger
man undersea boat which sank a num
ber of vessels off the coast of Nan
tucket, that sent to the bottom the
United States torpedo boat destroyer
Jacob Jones, the first American war
ship to be sunk by the enemy in the
great war. Word has come directly to
Loudon that Rose claims he sent a
wireless call for help when he saw
the American destroyer was doomed.
That statement has not been corrobor
ated, but if it is true, it is the only
case on record where a German sub
marine commander called for help for
his victims. Rose also claims to have
sunk the United States coast guard
cutter Tampa, and, if that is true he
has the distinction of sinking all the
American fighting craft sunk by tor
pedo during the war.
American and British naval officers
here consider Captain Rose and his
boat without peers in the submarine
branch of the German navy. Rose's
work was daring and spectacular, but
devoid of unnecessary brutality, and
his submerslble's 'career did not end
in surrender with the scores of other
U-boats, but with interment in a
Swedish port at the direction of Rose.
After the U-53 dashed into Newport
and then played havoc with shipping
off the American coast, every anti
submarine craft commander in the
British navy tried to "get" Rose. This
armada was augmented when America
entered the war. During the hitter
part of the war there were two boats
that became the center of interest on
the anti-submarine craft the U-86
and the U-53 but for very different
reasons.
The U-S6 had sunk the hospital ship
Llandovery Castle when it was impos
sible to mistake her type. Every sail
or wanted revenge. In chasing Rose,
however, there was more of the desire
to beat a wily and dangerous aversary,
but against whom there was no
known stain of committing atrocities.
On October 20, when the U-boats were
recalled. Rose went to the Cattegat.
The Btory brought to London, which
there is no reason to doubt, is that
Rose feared to take his ship to Kiel
after the revolution there and placed
her in charge of Captain von Schrei
der. Rose went to Kiel and ascertain
ed that if he took the U-53 there she
would be surrendered, so he sent word
to Captain von Schreider to take her
to a Swedish port and intern her.
The admiralty as yet is not aware
of the port in which she is interned,
but sooner or later she will be' turned
over to the allied navies not in the
formal humiliating surrender, how
ever, that Rose wished to escape.
GIBSONS BARTFIELD MATCHED
(Bv Rovlew Tensed Wire)
MINNEAPOLIS. Minn.. Dec. 14.
Mike Gibbons and Soldier Bart field
have been matched for a ten round no
decision fight here January 14, it was
announced tonight. The weight will be
158 pounds at 3 p. m , the day of the
bout.
ROSE
CLAIMS
HAVE
PLAYED
BIG
PART IN
cou
ARIZONA
ft MEET IHPHOEHK
during holidays
ASSOCIATION PROGRAM WILL BE
OF INTEREST TO EVERY PEDA
GOGUE IN STATE WITH DISCUS
SIONS OF LEADING QUESTIONS
CF DAY
The Arizona State Teachers' asso
ciation will be held in Phoenix iu (lie
administration building, '!! North
First avenue. December 2G and 27.!
1M1S, leginuiug Thursday morning at
10 o'clock. 'y f' i ." t v'iii
The principal topics for discussion WASHINGTON. D-c. 14.-Den.obi-jje.
! lizHtlon of t-ie military forces at home
Kirst. The Arizona School Laws
Recommendations of the Arizona
State Teachers' association to the
nt xt legislature.
Second. What Will ths Arizona
Teachers Association Recommend to i
Meet the Interruption Caused by the
Iniluenza So That a Year's Work May
Be Completed Before the Schools
Close?
Third. Adjustment of the Member
ship of the Arizona State Teachers'
Association and the National Educa
tional Association.
More complete programs will be
available at the meetine.
It is planned to take advantage of
such railroad rates as nicy be offered
for the holidays.
R. H. II. BLOME.
ELSIE TOLES, President.
Secretary.. .
GAMP CODY WILL BE
ABANDONED, IS ORDER
' Arizona boys iu training at Comp
Cody will not be mustered out at that
point, but will be transferred to Camp
Travis, San Antonio, Texas, where the
final demobilization will take place.
This information was contained in an
official statement issued yesterday by
the war department.
Pressure has been brought to bear,
looking to the release of the men from
this state before the abandonment of
the Detuing cantonment should occur.
For a time it appeared probable that
this course would be pursued and that
the mustering out of the Arizona men r
would be accomplished before Camp !
Cody was vacated. j
Yesterday, however, Senator Ash-f
urst, who has been working in favor of
the scheme, was advised by the war
department that the proposed arrange
ment was not in accord with the plans
which have been made for the trans
fer and discharge of the soldiers" in
New Mexico.
While the decision comes as a disap
pointment to many, it is not believed
that under the present arrangement
the discharge of the local men will be
greatly delayed. The machinery of de
mobilization now in operation at Camp
Travis should, if anything, facilitate
the settling of the final accounts and
effect the release of the soldiers as
quickly as if the work had been done
in the camp in the adjoining state.
The removal of the troops is now well
under way.
DEMPSEY VS. MORRIS.
(By Review I.ensoJ Wire)
: NEW ORLEANS. La., Dec. 14. Ar
rangements were completed for the
20-round boxTg bout to be held here
Monday nisht between jck Dempsey.
claimant of the heavyweight caam
pionshin, and Carl Morris of Okla
homa. Dempsef has arrived here and
Morris is expected tomorrow.
CALIFORNIA FOOTBALL
(Bv Kfvlcw Lensi'it " Wire)
LOS ANGELES. Calif.. Dec. 14.
Final: University of Southern Cali
fornia, 7; University of California,
3o.
BERKELEY, Calif., Dec' 14.
Final: Mare Island, Calif., Marines,
36; Mather Field, Calif., Aviators. 13.
BRAZILIAN MINISTER
IS PEACE DELEGATE
7 .
I'?'"' - 1f
21t
Ruy Barbosa.
' Brazil has named Ruy Barbosa as
one member of its delegation to the
peace conference. Barbosa is the
Brazilian minister to Argentine and
attended the 'conferer.ee at The
Hague. It is reported that he is to
become amharsaiior to I-or.don. lie
Is the best known Brazilian orr.tor. .
mm
iDENCMUZAlN
' GAINING SWING
DECLARES MARCH
Men Now Are Being Dis
charged From Service in
Home Camps; Rate of
15,000 Will Double Soon
is saining in momentum. (nnerai
March, chief-ol'-slaff. fli..ioMied today,
with approximately h:'lf of the 1 7n:.-
000 men in the horn,- ii.tnps on No
vember 11 specifically designate:! for
early dischatge.
Reports to the v.ar department.
General March said. i-ttli ate.l a rate
of discharge of al;'Ut 1".000 nun a
day, w hich will be do.;! lt d wne;i de
mobilization is in full swing. The list
of designated troops, as given out by
t'te chief -of staff, shows t!iat of the
combat divisions, which are to be de
mobilized last. 15, "00 men already
have been selected for early dis-
! '''iar?('
In addition to the figures for the
troops nt home. General March said
that 5.653 officers and 135.262 men of
the expeditionary forces up to Decem
ber 12, had been designated for re
turn and of these 1.37."? officers and
20.750 men already have sailed for
home.
The troops designated for "release
fronf'camps in the United States now
total 824.000 men. in addition to 17,
201 officers, already discharged, and
embracing the following classes:
Depot brigades, development battal
ions and replacement units, 332.0O0;
industrial furloughs, 18,000; division
al troops. 15.000; corps and army
troops, 42.000; coast artillery. 38.000;
engineers. 42.000; medical corps, 2000;
ordnance. 4.000; quartermaster, 6000;
United States guards. 26.000; military
aeronautics. 13.000; spruce produc.
ticn section. 30,000; tank corps, 7000;
chemical warfare, 7000; coal miners,
fioOO; special service units, 10.000;
troons attached to local boards. 3000;
j and Porto Rico troops. 12.000.
GHURGHES TODAY TO
AID CONSERVATION
OF OUR FOOD STUFFS
READING MESSAGE FROM HER
BERT HOOVER TO AMERICAN
PEOPLE TO FEATURE CHURCH
PROGRAMS AS STARTING POINT
FOR WORLD RELIEF WEEK
Special to Tho Review)
PHOENIX, Ariz., Dec. 14. The
churches of Arizona of all denomina
tions will play an important part to
day in the mammoth task which the
food administration has undertaken of
educating the public of the increased
need of saving food all aloug the line,
a work made more difficult by the
ending of the war and the consequent
loss of an appeal to patriotism.
During the period of the war the
food administration appealed to the
war conscience of the people to get
them to save. In view of the chaotic
conditions which prevail in vast ter
ritories in Europe today, the world
situation as to food is rendered far
more critical and hence an appeal is
being made now to the "world con
science." Church programs throughout the
state will be featured by the reading
of a special message from Herbert
Hoover to the American people, and
this will be but the beginning of, an
entire week, to be known as World
Relief week, in which the keep-on-saving
idea will be emphasized in schools,
fraternal and women's organizations.
GAUZE MASKS WANTED
Review I.enaed Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 14. If the
board of supervisors at its meeting
Monday fails to pass au ordinance re
quiring all persons to wear gauze
masks as a eh suit of the influenza epi-1
demic here, the board of health will
take "severe restrictive measures," !
Dr. William C. Hassler. city health of
ficer announced here today.
Reports today showed ISO new
cases and seven deaths, an increase
over yesterday.
LOUGHLIN WIN BOUT.
(Bv Review l.aed Wlit)
PHILADELPHIA. Pa. Dec. 14. K.
O. liUKhlln of South Bethlehem had
si it lit ly the better of a six-round bout j
with Soldier Hartfield, New York,
here tonight. Trying for a knockout, j
but men missed many wild swings. 1
Joe Burman, Chicago, won from j
Frankie Conway in six rounds. I
CAMPBELL WINS RACE.
Hv Review (.eased Vlre)
CHICAGO, Dec 14 Led by Tom
Campbell, national and central A. A.
U. half-mile champion, the University
of Chicago tetim won the Centlra A.
A. U. cross country five-mile cham-;
pionshlp tiwl.iy with 21 points. The
l.oj.in Square A, C. was second.
WANT UKRANIAN REPUBLIC
(ftv Review T.ease1 vrtr
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14 Establish
ment of an independent democratic
I'kranlan republic is demanded in res
olutions adopted today by the Ukrain
ian congress in America, in session
here.
What You Should Pay
In Local Market for Food
Pried Interpreting Board's Report on Fair Prices in Bitbee, Lowell, Warren
and Naco, for Week Ending December 14, 1918.
Commodity: Retailer Pays Consumer Should Pay
Iyw HinJi Low High
Price Pflce Price Price
Wheat flour, per bid. bag
(24 lbs.) hard $l.4 $1.48 $130 $1.67
Iiarley flour, per LM. bag
124 lbs.) 1.38 1.40 1.42'
Parley flour I bulk), pt-r lb O'.'i .05'4 .05 Va 0
itye flour, per bb!. bar (24 lbs.).... 1.20 1.30 1.20 1.40
Corn flour (bulk), per lb 05 .05 14 .05-J, .06
Cornmeal (bulk), pr lit 03 .06 .0f- .07
I'.read (price per loaf ). 16 oz., local . . .08 1-3 OS 1-3 .10 .10
Iireiid .twin loaf). 24 oz .12V4 -12'i .15 .13
Oain.eal or rolled oats 1 bulk). pVr lb. .06 3-5 .06 .10 .10
Oatmeal or rolled oats 1 package 1,
perL'0 oz. pkg 11 JUi .14 .13
Rice, unbroken, standard ii:ality.
per lb., .iip .'. 10 .10 .12 .12.J
Hominy or hominy grits, per lb 14 H'4 -IS -20
Sugar, gran.ilated (bulk), per lb 10 .104 .11 .11
Beans (pink). pr lb ' 08 .OS- .11 .11
Beans (navy), per lb 10 .loa,; .14 .13
Beans (lima), per lb 144 .14 .18 .20
Potatoes (white or Irih per lb .02 9-10 .03 1-10 .03' .04 16
Onions, per lb 02 .03 .031, . .64
Raisins (seeded), per 16-oz. pkg b .11'4 .15 .16
Prunes 60-70s), per lb c .10 .105 .14 13
Cannet tomatoes (standard grade).
(No. 2i can) 14Vi .16 .13 .20
Canned corn (standard grade), per
20-oz. (No. 2) can 13' .14li .13 .17'i
Canned peas (standard grade), per
20-oz. (No. 2) cun 13 . .14 .16 .17
Canned salmon (tall pink Alaska)
per 16-oz. No. 1) can ' .13 .14 .174 -l"'
Canned salmon (tall red Alaskal. per
16-oz. (No. 1) can 23 .23 .30 .33
Evaporated milk (unsweetened).
per 6-oz. can .07 .074 074 -08 1-3
Evaporated milk (unsweetened 1.
per 16-ox. can 13 .16 .15 .17
Butter, per lb 66 .72 .72 .79
Eggs (fresh ranch), per doz 77 9 .84 .97
Cheee. (New York or lodil). per lb. .36 .44 .40 .4
Lard (pure leaf), bulk, per lb 3S .34 .35 .27
Lard (pure leaf in tins), per 3-lb.
pail 80 .S3 .95 .95
Lard (pure leaf in tins), per 5-lb.
pail 1 34 1 49 1.33 1.63
Lard substitute (bulk), per lb. .26 .27 .29 .33
Bacon, standard grade, per. lb
whole piece .. 50 .33 .52 .33
Bacon (sliced), (fancy grade,)
per lb 56 .56 .68 .65
Ham (smoked, sliced), fancy grade,
per lb. 37 -39 .30 .53
Round steak, per lb .224 -26 .23 .30
Hens (dresse.d, not drawn), per lb... .33 .34 .38 .29
Fish, per lb. .. 18 .18 .25 .25
April Storage Eggs, Kansas .47 .49 .55 .37
SAM VERRAN, P. M. PUCKWALTER. R. J. HART.
J. B. ANGIUS. JOHN RUSSELL. ED CLOUTH1ER,
E. C. CAMPBELL.
Price Interpreting Board.
Racket
Reckless Prices!
Xmas! :-: Xmas! :-: Xmas!
Holiday gifts for both young and old. Only a few
days left and we must
CLOSE OUT ALL TOYS REGARDLESS OF VALUE
Following is a few only, of Valuable Gifts:
Ivory Dressing Cases.
Cut Glassware.
Manicure and Shaving Sets.
Fancy Belts and Mirrors.
Watch Fobs and Stick Pins.
Fruit and Game Table Sets.
Fruit and Berry Sets, Wine Sets.
Gold Decorated Water Sets.
Cups, Saucers and Plates.
Ladies Back and Side Combs.
WHO SAID NO TOYS SEE THEM AT THE
RACKET STORE
Fancy Box Paper.
Electric Smoothing Iron.
Search Lights all sizes.
Family Perfumes best grade.
Safety Razors and Purses.
Smoker Sets. '
Hair and Bath Brushes.
Guitars and Eukuleles.
Target and Air Rifle.
Xmas Cards and Booklets.
Tricycles and Express Wagons.
Toy Piano, Photo Frames.
Silver and Cuttlery.
Dolls all sizes and prices.
Train and Tin Toys many.
Tree Decorations, Xmas Ribbons.
Doll Heads, Ten Pins, Toy Blocks.
Child's Trinkets, Rubber Balls.
DON'T BE FOOLED, BUT BUY AT THE RACKET
Racket Jewelry Store
BREWERY GULCH
A little out of the why, but it pays to walk
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE
Store!
BISBEE DAILY REVIEW THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1918.
4
PUBLIC TREE TO
BE AT BAPTIST
CHURCH IAS EVE
Chance for Good People of
Warren District to Make
Kiddies Happy by Giving
Generously
The public Christmas tree for the
Warren district will be held at the
Ficst Baptist church. Main street, Bis
bee. this year.
i-or some time past public-spirited
t-.-o;is of the Warren district have
trying to locate a place in which
i. -iold a large Christinas celebration
lor the boys and girls. Through the
courtesy of the Baptist church, its new
building on Main street was donated.
Although the building is not com
pleted and will not be by Christmas,
it will be in shape to accommodate
such a gathering. The citizens of the
district are cordially urged to assist
in making this a gala day for the
kiddies. There will be something for
everybody at the tree.
The committees are working night
end day, arranging for the program of
music, speaking, etc., while others are
filling up the stockings with candy,
nuts, apples and oranges, so as to have I
part of Bisbee business district has'
been solicited, but a whirlwind cam
paign will start Monday to secure
more money, donations of candy, ap
ples and oranges, as it is expected to
bring Christmas cheer to nearly laOO
"kiddies."
There are a number of citizens who
would like to give individual dona
tions. Ii such persons will kindly
leave these at The Review office this
would greatly assist the committee.
It is almost impossible to make a
canvas from house to house.
Following are tne committees:
Soliciting Committee Harry C. 1
Compton, Joe F. Paris, Eisbee district; I
H. E. Morgan, Lowell district.
Candy, Nuts, etc. Mrs. J. D. Rus
sell, chairman.
Tree Committ?e Messrs. Carver.
Bradley, Cochran and Mayberry.-
Presents Mrs. V. G. Bryan, chair
man. Mr. Citizen. Have you a child of
your own? You realize what pleasure
"it ts to bring the Christmas spirit
home. Will you help to bring it to
those who in a great many cases niaj
have nothing for Christmas.
Mr. Citizen: You who have no chil
dren would you do your part and be a
big brother or a big sister to the little
ones? .-', '
- . -e
LOCATED BY MESSAGE 1
OF BROTHER YOUNG
MAN IS ARRESTED
ROY LACEY TAKEN TO DOUGLAS
LATE YESTERDAY TO FACE
CHARGE OF ALLEGED THEFT OF
AUTOMOBILE; BROTHER WIRED
TO POLICE TO ASK CONDITION
Although Jess Lacey of Maricopa
had no such intention when he tele
graphed Hill Huff of the city police
force requesting information about
the .hurts sustained by his brother,
Roy Lacey, the message when pub
lished yesterday by . The Review
opened a trail which led to the door
ot the house in Upper Lowell where
Roy Lacey bad sought refuge aud
brought about liis arrest on the entree
of theit of an automobile in louplas.
He was arrested yesterday afternoon
by Deputy Sheriff BJly Woods aud
Henry liohnfalk aaJ taken to Doug
las to face the charge.
Lacey is alleged to have been the
driver of a stolen car which was
wrecked near Hereford a little more
than a week uk. The other two pas
sengers in the car were hurt so badly
that a passing train was stoped and
the men placed aboard it. They were
taken to Douglas and sent to tne
Douglas and sent to the county hospi
tal where, at last accounts, they still
were.
The driver disappeared ard coulJ
not be found until his brother, evi-
Watches! Diamonds!
SPECIAL CHRISTMAS
Special, $35.00 Genuine Diamond Ring
Just Think, Lavalliere, 14-K, Solid Gold, Genuine Diamond,
w anted,
BREWERY
H JoacI Kl?!n rr Waiihar.i.
2 year gold iae $9.85
(Some jeweleis sell s.Tie
wati'h for Jr..o to no.i
$2!MM W.ili li I'.ini clr-l. in1 In i..85
6m
fit"
dently bearing that Roy Lacey had
been hurt in an accident, wired the
police to lean, the nature of his in- '
juries. Ruff was unable Friday to
fiad trace of any such man, but fol
lowing publication of the fact that
the message had been received, be
learned yesterday that Lacey was
stopping in Upper Lowell. Lacey is
said to have told the arresting offi
cers that he had been badly bruised
and shaken up in the accident and bad
been in bed ever since it occurred,
up to yssterday, when he had his
clothes on for the first time.
ONE BISBEE YOUTH
ON CASUALTY LIST
The names of the following Ari
zona men are continued in yesterday's
casualty list:
Died of Wounds.
Parmer, Harrington, Miami, Ariz.
Killed in Action.
Odus E. McFadden, Mesa, Ariz.
Died of Accident.
Guadalupe Flores, 691 Main street,
Tucson, Ariz.
Wounded Severely.
Oral T. Henderson, Cottonwood,
Ariz.
Allen A. Berguist, Miami, Aris.
Wounded Degree Undetermined.
Milton E. Ollerton, Temple, Ariz.
G. V. Cruthers, 711 East Sixth
street, Tucson, Ariz.
Died of Disease.
Charles A.' Fisher, Grand Canyon. !
Ariz. - - j
Augustin I'rrea, Clifton, Ariz.
Missing in Action. i
Joseph Karris. Globe, Ariz. t
Siightty Wounded. , i
Carl E. Schroeder, Saftord, Ariz. '
Frank C. Telucas, Bisbee, Ariz.
Complete casualty lists received
daily are kept on file at The Review
office, where they may be consulted
by readers.- .s. ...- ... .
Charles S. Scadlock of Globe, Ariz.,
previously reported missing in ae-
tion, is now reported wounded, degree
undetermined.
YUMA ROAD TO BE
OPENED THIS MONTH
-Motorists contemplating overland
trips to California this summer will
learn, with pleasure that one of the r(Mccupied the cities and towns that
greatest obstacles encountered on the had been heId under German doraina
route has been removed. Yuma county j ticn.
now has in the process of construction Su,.n as these have been rc-
a highway which is intended to rc-.markably feW- Tne WOnder is that
claim the Parker cut-off. and retura i therB have not been more The pro
the once popular route to peneral portion of renegades is so small as
favor- I to reflect no greater glory on poor
According to reports received at tlrj j jjttie Belgium
the chamber of commerce yesterday, j Ag a wnoIe' the civil population ot
the county road will be completed and .BeIgium has remained wonderfully
thrown open to traftic within the en- j loya Dy ttieir system of communal
suing month. A special effort is be in 3 .dministnition. thev were enabled to
made in order that the early spring
tourists may avail themselves of this
bnulevard. It is said that this route
win te entirely tree irom sana east of,
Parker. I
An unusual volume of traffic is reported-
over this route at the present
time, in spite of the fact that the
roads are in an extremely poor condi
tion, particularly in the vicinity of the
Winter Wells. A large number of
those who have gone to the coast over
this route have elected to return via
Wickenburg, preferring the longer
journey to a second struggle with the
deep sand in the cut-off.
BIG eats today. Sunday dinner today
at English Kitchen. 713
Larertv ocnas ana oiarnis.
United Loan & Joiry Co.
GULCH A SOUARE DEAL HOUSE
MONEY TO LOAN
Solid Cold I aliy King 65c
1 41. in to $-'.('ii values.)
We uaranl 'e to I'un you within
!til per cent o what ev;r price yju
pay lnr diamonds.
GLEES 0 N-WILLG OX
ROAD IS TO BE
STARTED SOON
The Cochise county highway com
mission is sooa to begin actual work
on the new county highway that is to
be built between Gleeson and Willcox.
The absorbing question has been the
location of,, the route between Pearce
and Cochise. Lately there was some
talk that it would take what is called
the High Line, but this canot be done
under the law. The commlsion'found
at its last meeting that they are
bound by law to follow the original
outline as voted upon, which was
to build from Pearce through Servos
to Cochise. The only thing that re
mains now is whether the road can
get a free right of way on the east
side of the railroad at the proper
figure. The road will go from Co
chise to Pearce on the right side of
the railroad, but which side is not
ls8,on ',3 favor of the Hlgn L,ne
known yet. It is believed the com
but they have no more legal right to
do that than to take money from one
section of the road and put it into
another until that sector is completed
which was first proven on the Bis
bee-Douglas section. The amount of
money allotted to each section will
be spent and the roads built where
the money spent where originally des
ignated and the roads built.
In order that the public may again
know what they instructed by vote
the commission has issued the figures
as per their report of November 17,
1917:
From New Mexico state line
near Rodeo, f. M., to
Douglas ..$ 14U.700
Douglas to Bisbee 627,000
From Tombstone through -Benson
to Pima county
line near Mescal 153,000
From Willcox. through Co
chise, Pearce and Court
land to Gleeson 73.000
Total
...11,000.000
WANTON WOMEN ARE
MARKED BY BELGIUM
FOR THEIR FRAILTY
CORPORAL PUNISHMENT VISITED
UPON MEN WHO TURNED
TRAITOR TO THEIR NATION
WHILE. WOMEN HAVE HEADS
SHAVED TO MARK THEM
BURGES. Nov. 15 (Correspondence
of The Associated Press). An anci
ent form of punishment in favor in
j the middle ages has been adopted in
Belgium for Belgian women who were
'too friendly , toward the German in-
vaders or who listened to their love
making. They have been shorn of
their hair. In Bruges several women
have suffered this form of retribution
and either must remain indoors or
patronize the wig makers. It Is known
tha this method has been applied in
at least one other place. The scenes
attending the application of this pun
ishment has been rather boisterous.
Corporal punishment is visited upon
the pro-Germans among the I.elgian
men, but few of these; awaited the
wrath of the Belgian avengers. They
decamped before the Belgian troops
'govern themselves while the German
j wag deudig himself that he was rul
ing. It enabled them to endure phys-
ra, nrvatjnn suffer death and
l inairiiuraia nrnnamndu of the
! German governors, von Hissing, and
his successor von Falkenhausen. who
attempted to separate the Wallons
from the Flemish and to poison the
wells of Belgium's patriotism.
ATTENTION, ORANGEMEN
A meeting of the above lodge will
be held on Monday. December 16, at
7:30 p. m, in the Odd Fellows' hall.
All Orangemen are earnestly request
ed to attend. By order of
W. T. SMITHAM.
707 Worshipful Master.
Jewehry!
OFFER!
$20.00
value $1 5.00 $ 5.85
at;
run vaius "te
We liae a large stork of Diamonds
left in pawn. Values. Vimi to
yiMMMMi.
DIAMONDS SECOND HAND
PRICES
U. S. Marine
Iff , w
M v. & ff?&Wf&: '-- m
1 w&'LSl&W J -'Sctv . - f
rtmW ?ml4$&m Goodrich rubber caJ
3 h&lte&gg'M NEWS BUREAU RsSi
Here Is a German
COLORADO PIONEER DIES
fTIv Rfvlew tan-d Wire)
LONGMONT, Colo., Dec. 14. Isaac
A. Hildreth, a resident of Colorado
since 1865 and numbered among the
pioneers who came west with an ox
team, died at his home here today at
the age of 79 years.
PEACE SINGLE
OBJECT WITH
BIG LEAGUE
(Continued from Page Or.e)
ing. It is. very delightful to find my
self in France and to feel the quick
contact of sympathy and unaffected
lriend?hiD between the representa-
tives of the United States and the which we may secure premanence lor
representatives of France. i these happy relations of friendship
"You have been very generous in and co-operation and secure for the
whit you were pleased about myself, ! world at large such safety and free
but I feel that what I have said and j dom in its life as can be secured only
what I have tried to do has been said I by the constant association aud cg
nnrf ilnnii nnlv in an attemnt to sneak I r.neratinnu of friends.
V kA..K nf tha nunnla rf Ihn
United States truly and to carry that i personal respect, but as the repre
thought out in action. i sentative of the great people of Franco
"From the first the thought of the and beg to bring you the greetings of
people of the United States turned another great people to whom tho
toward something more than the ;in-1 fortunes of France are of profound
ning of this war. It Burned toward J and lasting interest,
the establishment of eternal prin- j v raise ray glass to the health ot
ciples of right and justice. It real-1 the president of the French republic
led that merely to win the war was j and to Midame Poincare and the
not enough; that it must be won In prosperity of France."
such a way and the questions raised
by it setled in such a way as to in- PARIS NEWSPAPER COMMENT,
sure" the future peace of the world p.RK nee it (Havas.k The
and lay the foundations for the free -
doin and happiness of Its many
peoples and nations.
"Never before has war worn so ter
rible a visage or t exhibited more j
grossly the debasing of illicit ambt- J
tions. I am sure that 1 shall look '
upon the ruin wrought by the armies j
of the central empires with th.e same ;
repulsion and deep indignation that j
they stir in th hearts of the men of'
France and Helgium, and I appreciate ;
as you do, sir, the necessity of includ
ing in the final settlement of the isues i
of the war a measure which shall ,
not only rebuke such acts of spoila-;
tion, but make men everywhere aware i
that they cannot be ventured upon
without the certainty of just punish
ment. I know with what order and
enthusiasm the soldiers and sailor-; of,
the United States have givea the best .
which was in them in this rederapthm.
They have expressed the true spirit i
of America. They believe their ideals
ore acceptable to free peoples every-'
where and are rejoiced to have.
FIRST WOMAN AID
IN WHITE HOUSE
Mi?t Lillian A. O'Neill.
Miss Lillian A. O'Neill of Jersey
City is the hrst woman in the na
tion's history to hold a position in
the executive oflices of the White
House. She is secretary to Joseph
P. Tumulty, secretary to tic presi
dent. She surepeds a n-.an who en-
i lered military senile.
It it vr V i
and Captured
Machine Gun Taken by the
played the part they have played in
giving reality to those ideals in co
operation with the armies of the allies.
We are proud of the part they have
played and we are happy that they
should have been associated with
6uch comrades in a common cause.
It is with the most peculiar feel-
ting, Mr. President, that I find myself i
j in France, joining with you in rejoic- j
j ing over the victory that has been)
i won. The ties that ind France and j
; tne untied states are peculiar cu.
;l ao uOl Know mi nuai uluci iwiu
j radeship we could nave fought with I itself prodigal of enthusiasm. This is
! more test or enthusiasm. Jt will j because the voyage of President Wil
i daily be a matter o pleasure with j son Is a unique event in the history
me to be brougnt into consuuaiion o: tne initea states sua nas smuui
with the statesmen of France aud her cause th.it is well understood."
allies in concerting the measures by
1 m
. T mul mi rtrtt nnlv with H . 1 P 1 1 !
1 ParU newspapers devote almost their
entire space today to the demonstra
tions in honor of the presdient of the
United States, the various functions
r
Buy Your
Business Stationery
n Bulk
Why pay extra money for fancy
boxes and wrappings ? Get it with
out the frills, cut to any size you
wish, made up into packages, pads
or tablets to suit your needs.
We have a very good grade ot
TYPEWRITER PAPER which
we are selling at $1.65 per ream
(82x11 inches)
Also a good assortment of
Envelopes all sizes
Ruled Index Cards
Mailing Tubes assorted
Carbon Paper
Blotting Paper, Etc.
Review Job Printin
Phone 39
Machine Gun
Marines Over There
and entertainments and to articles
glorifying America.
La Liberte says:
"Paris gave to the first magistrate
of the United States reception as
enthusiastic as 1 1 at which greeted in
Strasbourg. President Poincare and
j Premier Ciemenceau. This comparl-
son makes the use of further phrases
unnecessary. It Is enough to say that
Paris lavished in it all its fire and
heart."
ine journal oea u-ois ,s.
I iuc yupuiaiiuu ui ono omicu
STIFF JOINTS .
SOREJjlSGLES
liaber Op Quickly Umtor the Soethtoti ,
Paaetratiaf aapiicatiaa at
Haauia't Wtzjrt Oil
In cases of rheumatism and lame
back it penetrates quickly, drives out
soreness, and limbers up stiff, aching
joints and muscles.
Wizard Oil is an absolutely reli
able, antiseptic application for cuts,
burns, bites, and stings. Sprains and
bruises heal readily under its sooth
ing, penetrating qualities.
Get it from druggists for 30 centi
If not satisfied return the bottle and
get your money back. '
Ever constipated or have sick
headache? Juat try Wizard Liver
Whips, pleasant little pink pills, 30
cents. Guaranteed.
Departmen
GOES 30 MILES TO
GET MORE TANLAG
Throw Walking Cane Away
Being Relieved of Rheu
matism, Gains Fifteen
Pounds
"When I first started on Tanlac I
was so crippled up with rheumatism
that I had to use two walking elicits
la order to get about at all. But.
after taking four or five bottles, every
pain was gone, and I have actually
gained 15 pounds besides."
- The above statement waa made by
William Choate, 3 West RiTerside
avenue, Spokane, Wash., recently.
"Rheumatism," he continued, "was
only one of many troubles Tanlac re
lieved me of. I had suffered from a
bad stomach for 12 or 15 years. 1
couldn't eat scarcely anything but
what gas would form and almost cut
oft my breath, and bring awful faint
weak feelings over me. There was a
terrible hurting in the pit of my stom
ach, and it I ventured to eat anything
except the lightest food it almost put
me out of commission.
I "This was my condition a little over
a jear ago ueu i uuiue uiy uiuuier
and brother over in Iowa a visit Soon
after 1 got there my troubles got
worse. My kidneys bothering me, I
had awful paiua in the small of my
back, and constantly had headache.
Then started in a siege of rheumatism
which I will never forget. I was laid
np for six months and was flat on my
back for several weeks hardly able to
move. It started in my legs, then got
in my arms, and the pain was some
thing awful, from the tips of my fin
gers to my toes.
"When I did get up 1 was in such a
bad shape I had to use two canes in
order to get about at all and this is
the fix I was in w hen I got Tanlac. I
read the statement of a man in the pa
per one day. that fit my case exactly,
and decided to see if it would do me
any good. Well, to make a long story
short, Tanlac simply did wonders for
me. Before I finished my second bet
.
tie. I threw my canes away, and could
walk as good as anyone. And eat;
why, I never had such an appetite. All
the sourness left my stomach, my
backache and headache disappeared
and I haven't had a touch of rheum
atism to this good day. One of those
Dottles of Tanlac I drove 30 miles to
get, our local druggist being out at
the time, and I would do so again un
der the same circumstances. It s a
real pleasure for me to recommend
Tanlac, and I will gladly tell anyone
personally w hat it has done for me."
Tanlac is sold in BisUee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug com
pany, in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in
Bowie by Bowie Drug company, in Saa
Simon by J. B. Cooke, in Wilcox by
A. A. Nicholson, in Lowell by Lowell
Drug company, in Benson by C. F.
Moss Pharmacy, in Gleeson by B. A.
Taylor, in Warren by Warren Pharm
acy, in Pearce by B. A. Taylor, in
Tombstone by Boyd's Drug store, and
in McNeal by McNeal Mercantile com
pany. Winemakers of Bordeaux tread the
grapes with their feet. Is that what
puts the kick in the wine?
Upstairs
'I EIGHl
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1918.
City Briefs
Has any one visited you? Orlmve
you entertained? If so, call The
Review after 6 p. ni. and tell the
Society Editor. Phone 39.
ceased is survived by a widow and ; all 'to the man she loved. It is a
two ons, Wayne and Robert, and one
brother, A. J. Northin.nton. Funeral
sen Ices will tuke place today at 3
p. :n. at the residence, Kev. H. C.
Compton of the lUbtist church ol'ti
ciatinc. Interment will be tnade In
Evergreen cemetery.
picture that reveals all the bis human
emotions in a gripping drama that
fairly pulsates with action and tense
i situations. On the same bill a Katz
eiijammer comedy will be shown.
JOE RICE BACK.
Joe Rice has returned from Tucson,
where lie was on business.
ANONA CLUB.
Will meet Tuesday evening at Mrs.
Dunlap's in Warren.
FUNERAL HELD.
Bertha Nell, infant daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. W. G. Shannon of School
hill, who passed away Thursday, was
buried at Evergreen cemetery Fri
day afternoon. Rev. Mr. Harshman
oflk'ialing.
CHILDREN START FIRE.
Children at play started a rubbish
fire on the floor of the old Broadway
boarding house Friday. Mrs. Petli
john, a neighbor, seeing the smoke,
hurried into the house and managed
to extinguish the flames before the
vacant dwelling was ablaze. The
matter was reported to the police
whose investigations resulted in the
VISITING HUSBAND.
! above finding.
MOST IMPORTANT IN
YEAR WILL BE MEET
OF BUSINESS MEN
ANNUAL ELECTION OF OFFICERS
OF BUSINESSMEN'S ASSOCIA
TION WILL TAKE PLACE MON
DAY NIGHT; EMPLOYMENT
SERVICE TO BE EXPLAINED
Business Locals
beloved husband and father, also for
the beautiful floral offerings.
MRS. ANN IK PVCKUCK
644 AND CHILDREN.
CARD OF THANKS
We wish to express our appreviatiou
and thauks to the K. P. & S. W. clerfts ;
and our friends for the beautiful floral j
offerings, and sympathy shown dur
ing our recent bereavement. Also the!
Rev. Harshman for the consoling!
beautiful words in the service.
MR. AND MRS. WM. O. SHANNON. I
WENT TO COURTLAND.
Edward Massey, deputy state mine
inspector, and Mr. King went to
Courtland yesterday for a short stay.
OVER FROM WEBB.
H. P. Cory of Webb was an arrival
In the city yesterday, being a guest
at the Copper Queen.
Mrs. It. A. McKarland was in the;
Icitv yesterday from her home in I WHEELER LEAVES CITY.
! Tombstone on a visit to her husband, I C. M. Wheeler, for the last
four
OVER FROM DOUGLAS.
Mrs. B. W. Scott arrived in the city
from Douglas and is a guest at the
Copper Queen.
HUGHES IN CITY.
E. A. Hughes, county treasurer, is
in the city for a short visit, coming
over fro mhis home in Tombstone.
OVER FROM DOUGLAS.
John J. McCourt of Douglas is in
the city, being a guest at ti;e Copper
Queen hotel.
who recently came here and has se- years a resident of the district, hat-
cured a position. They expect to ing for more than two years been em
soon make this city their home er aiji j ployed as a miner and latterly at the
I Owen cleaning works, left last night
DISCHARGED FROM ARMY. j for I so Angeles, where he will reside.
Pvt. Harry Gundry, who was dis-jMr. Wheeler's family preceded him to
charged during the week from the ' California by several months. He has
army at Camp Funston, Kas., has re
turned here. He is the son of Mr.
and Mrs. John Gundry.
MEDIGOVICH BACK HOME.
Lieut. George Medigovich, who re
ceutly was discharged from the army
at Camp Punston., Kan., arrived home
yesterday. Before coming to Bisbee
he went to New York, where he visit
ed his brother and sister.
accepted a position with a tailoring
establishment, in the Angel City.
CHRISTMAS SHOPPING.
Harry Macia and family of Tomb
stone were here yesteiday doing
Christmas shopping.
FROM COUNTY SEAT.
Attorney M. I. McKelligon has re
turned from Tombstone, where he was
on legal business.
ST EC HER BACK HOME.
Louis Stecher, well known in the
district a3 a promoter of athletic con
tests, has returned from Camp Kearny,
where he recently was discharged
from the army.
IS LOCAL VISITOR.
Miss May Noyes of Tombstone is in
the district visiting Mrs. William
Hunter of Warren.
WEBSTER IS VISITOR.
Chief Jailor Webster was in the
city yesterday from Tombstone for a
short visit. His family accompanied
him to do Christmas Shopping.
WERE MARRIED YESTERDAY.
Miss Annie Benides and Joe Drokas
were married yesterday. Justice of the
Peace Winters of Lowell performing
the ceremony.
TO COUNTY SEAT.
George Henshaw, who will be the
chief deputy of Sheriff-elect J. F. Mc
Donald, left yesterday for his home
in Tombstone following a brief visit
here.
FROM TOVBSTONE.
James Marrs and family were In the
city yesterday on a short shopping
trip. Tbey drove over in their car
and returned' late yesterday after
coon. BERGQUIST BACK HOME.
Pvt. Hillding Bergqui3t has re
turned to Bisbee from Camp Kearney,
where 3e had been in training. He
wa3 discharged from the service dur
ing the week.
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS.
Undelivered telegrams at the West
ern Union for the following: Nicho
las George. W. R, Stubblefield. Jose
fina Dominguez, A. L. Jones, Mrs. S.
A. Moray. J. H. Booth, K. E. Walsh,
Miss Betty Butler.
OVERLOCK FUNERAL TODAY.
The funeral of Harry Overlock will
be held in Douglas at the Episcopal
church, corner of Eleventh street and
D avenue at 11 o'clock this morning.
The Elks' lodge of Douglas, of which
deceased was a member, will attend
the service in a body. A number of
residents of the Warren district, long
time friends of Mr. Oovrelock., plan to
attend the obsequies.
TOM COWAN PROMOTED. .
Word was received yesterday that
Thomas Cowan, son of Mr. and Mrs.
James G. Cowan of Warren, and for
merly a member of the C. & A. office
PARENT-TEACHER MEETING. I force, had been promoted to.battauon
The Parent-Teacher association of) sergeant major, next to the highest
ment. This was the second promo
tion he had received since arriving in
France.
Lincoln school will hold a meeting
Tuesday evening, December 17. A
notice from Opal Core, secretary of
the organization, urges every mem
ber to be present as this will be the
regular business meeting.
FUNERAL THIS AFTERNOON.
The funeral of James R. Gordon,
who died at the C. & A. hospital Sun
day, December 8, will take place this
afternoon at 1 o'clock at the chapel
of the Palace Undertaking company.
The Rev. Allan Kirschbaum of the
Presbyterian church will officiate.
SISTER OF GOVERNOR LEAVES.
Mrs. Fred JuWf of Warren, will
leave tonight for Prescott to visit her
parents, and from there will go to
Phoenix to be present at the inaugu
ration of her brother, Thomas E.
CampbelL Mrs. Juliff will remain
visiting in Phoenix for a few weeks.
LITTLE GIRL DIES.
Francis Winifred, the 9 month-old
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Poppe,
died yesterday afternoon at the family
home on O. K. street. The body was
prepared for burial by the Palace
Undertaking company. Funeral ar
rangements will not be completed
until relatives in California are heard
from.
STATE COUNCIL TO MEET.
Members of the Ariona state council
of defense, comprising every county
in the state, have been called in ses
sion in Phoenix, December 21. The
purpose of the meeting has not been
disclosed. It was called by Vice-Chair
ASKING FOR DIVORCE.
Frank L. Homan, a former traffic
officer in Cochise county, is obtaining
a divorce from bis wife in the Mari
copa county courts. The Phoenix
Republican of last Thursday lias the
following to say Regarding the case:
"Crudity of the west the country and
Its people caused Irs. Lydla N. Ho
man to desert her Tiusband, Frank L,
Homan, according to the mining man's
testimony on the witness stand In
Judge Lyman's court. The defendant
in the divorce action journeyed from
cultured Massachusetts to Douglas to
marry the plaintiff, and after a few
months found conditions so intoler
able that she left her new home. To
forget the "queer" men and women
with whom she had been forced to
associate in Arizona, ITrs. Homan
traveled for a year or more, touring
the world. She recently returned to
New England, where the manners and
customs are more to her liking than
those of the border state. The Ho
mans were married in 1914 and early
in 1915 Mrs. Homan started on her
travels. She has never returned to
this section of the country. Upon
Mr. Homan filing an affidavit to the
effect that Mrs. Homan Is not in mili
tary service nor with the Red Cross,
he will be given a decree."
What is expected to be the most im
portant meeting of the Bisbee Busi
ness Men's association will be held
Monday night in the Muheim building.
The election of officer who will serve
during the ensuing year gives It an
importance In the eyes of the member
ship wht'h will bake it certain that a
large number will attend. An urgent
request has been made by President
White for all to be present and vote
for their candidates for the various
offices.
The business men's association ex
pects to lake a larger share than ever
before in the life of the district, dur
ing the reconstruction period, which
enhances the importance of the selec
tion of the right men to fill its offices
and direct its course.
Another important feature of the
meeting will be the explanation of the
government's employment service
which will be given by W. R. Ashurst,
the local agent. Mr,1 Ashurst is seek
ing the support of. the association in
the formation of a Committee to aid in
finding work for j returning soldiers
and sailors. I
i You can't beat the big Sunday din
' tier today at English Kitchen. 714
l ATTENTION, ORANGEMEN
I A meeting of the above lodge will
I be heid on Monday, December 16, at
7:30 p. ni., in the Odd Fellows' hall.
All Orangemen are earnestly request
ed to attend. By order of
W. T. SMITH A.M. i
707 Worshipful Master.
NOTICE
All members of Knight of Pythias
requested to attend meeting Tuesday,
December 17. Nomination and elec
tion of officers and business of im
portance. Come up and get acquaint
ed.1 I. O. O. F. hall.'
C63 , H. E. WOOTON. C. C.
J EAGLES, ATTENTION
Meeting Tuesday night, December
! 17. Nominations. Smoker,
j 654 F. C. FENDERSON. Secy.
L. L. Gllman sells the New Edison.
"The Phonograph With a SouL".
Usual big Sunday dinner today at
the English Kitchen. 713
tion leading to arrest and conviction
of the party who stole two Goodyear
cord tires. 33x4, from my car on the
night of December 4. or laorning of
5th, on the premises of Brophy Car
riage companv. Lowell.
3j0 JAMES E. BROPHY.
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, 93 Mason
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
Adv. 231
Rosenbarger's Beauty Parlors
moved to Room 15 over 5 and l'JC
store. Main street. 2u3
The greatest song of all. Be sure
to get a copy of the latest song hit.
Muir Music store.
42S
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone. Loaves Bisbee,
Bisbee Auto company, 7:45 a. m., 1:30
p. m. Plwine Bisbee 5. Adv.
Painter and Paper Hanging, Signs.
C. J. BRANDT
Box 150. 27 Brcadvray. Phone 456.
CARD OF THANKS
We wish to thank the many friends
I and neighbors who gave us symputhy
during the sickness and death of our
Plan to have your Sunday dinner at
Y. W. C. A. cafeteria. Open from 12
to 1:30 o'clock. 647
$100 REWARD
I I will pay $tH reward for informa
FOR SALE-Oak truck bed to fit Ford
roadster, cheap, first class condi
tion, inside covered with galvanized
iron. Call Harris apartments,
across from Lincoln school, Tomb
stone canyon. "uJ
FOR SALE Seven room houe furn
ished. Ill Jiggerville. Easy pay
ments. Call Review, Pryor. 705
FOR RENT Three room modern flat
furnished. Nice front yard, ery
thing very handy. 226 Brophy ave
nue. 7"
TODAY-
swore out a warrant before Justice
Winters in Lowell W. C. Shephard
yesterday ai rested. Robles while the
Mexicnn wus walking along Brewery
avenue. Mr. Stew'af: previously had
found bed clothing in an abandoned
mine tunnel above Bisbee. He and
Shephard took the bedding to a Mex
ican house where Robles was said to
have stayed the previous night. The
people at the house identified the
bedding as that he bad used. Al
though Roblea denied the charge
strenuously, the officers feel that
they have a complete case against
him. Robles formerly was employed
by Mr. Stewart.
r
CENTRAL TMEATEE
Continuous, 1 :00 to 11 :00 P. M.
-TODAY
66
THE LIAR
99
IN SIX BIG PARTS Starring JANE GALE and STANLEY WALPOLE
Ako, Wm. Fox Presents the Sunshine Comedy
"His Smashing Career"
A GLOOM CHASER TWO PARTS
9 This theater is now run under the management of the Lvric Amusement Company and, at such, will run as
a firct class theater, only trie best KitiUKts win oe snown-
After church have dinner at the Y.
W. C. A. cafeteria. Open trom 12 to
1:30 o'clock. 648
Admission:
Children, 10c; Adults, 20c; Reserved Seats, 30c
r
i
MEXICANS ARE HELD.
The capture of two alleged Mexican
sneak thieveB in one dav was the
man Addams with the idea, it is said ! record of the city police yesterday.
of ' getting together" for the first I Ellas Alvarex. a Mexican who bad
time in a long time. i been strangely missing from the city
since the home of A. Angelore In
WAS IN CITY.
Mrs. J. E. James, wife of the clerk
of the superior court at Tombstone,
was in the city yesterday on a shop
ping trip. S!u returned home during
the late afternoon.
BOB NORTHINGTON DEAD.
Robert Northington, aged 48 years,
a resident of Bisbee for seven years,
passed away yesterday at noon of
pneumonia at his home on Gowan
ridge. Mr. Northington had been em
ployed as a meat cutter in the Treu
market during his local residence.
He was well known and popular. De-
AT THE EAGLE.
One of the strongest pieces of fic
tion published in America in recent
years was "You Can't Get Away With
It," by the famous novelist, Gouver
neur Morris. Now, under the title of
"The Fallen Angel," this sensational
story has been dramatized and filmed
by William Fox, and is offered to pa
trons of the Eagle theater today, with
Jewel Carmen in the role of the beau
tiful girl who chose the easiest way
to gain ease and luxury. This pic
ture is not a pretty tale of love and
moonlight. It is a living, throbbing
upper Brewery Gulch was entered
several weeks ago, was caught on the
street by Officer Hill Ruff and turned
over to the county officers to face a
burglary charge. He is alleged to
have taken a watch, pistol, pair of
field glbsses, suit of clothes, some un
derwear, $60 in cash and a gold ring.
The soot's are said to have been dis
posed .of in Cananea. Alvarei is said
to n ve made a statement to the police
admitting that he had just returned
from Cananea. The other Mexican
was Vidal RobleB, who is alleged to
have robbed the ranch camp' of Walter
portrayal 61 the experiences of a j Stewart in Dixie canyon of a quan
woman who sinned, repented too late, j tity of bed clothing. Mr. Stewart
and then ruined her life by confessing J reported 41 e theft FrH&v, when he
AGLE THEATER
E
TODAY
CONTINUOUS, 1 TO 11
WM. FOX Presents JEWEL CARMEN In
66 11
Grand.
he
1
TODAY-
Continuous, 1:00 to 11:00 p. m.
-TODAY
Special Act!.
WVn IF
Special Act!
After their wonderful success of last night, we have made arrangements to hold this act over one more day. High
Class Singing, Dancing, Acrobatic and Talking Act. Sec the one legged man dance the Tango
Also Triangle Film Corp. Presents CLAIRE ANDERSON and WALLACE McDONALD in
91
ME. PAULETTE"
A Romance of the Adirondacks and Ebony Comedy
8
"BLACK AND TAN MIX UP' -Some Fun!
Admission; Balcony, 15c; Lower Floor, 25c This includes war taxi-TOMORROW: "THE LITTLE REBEL''
C THEA
CONTINUOUS, 1:00 TO 11:00 P. M.
TER
eim
Aege
9?
Eiajiiatipi
rrtniiiii
1
Based on Gouverneur Morris' Story "YOU CAN'T GET AWAY WITH IT."
"You Can't Get Away With It," is one of the strongest piece of fiction published in
America in recent years and the picture has proved a big sensation, also
lurrt. : r7":J r J"
l.CUZ,CllJCUilHiCI 1IUS V-UlllGUV
And Pethe Comedy "HELLO TEACHER."
1
TODAY!
"MERE
TODAY!
WORLD FILM CORP. PRESENTS
LY FLAY
TODAY!
Admission: Children, 10c; Adults, 15c; Reserved, 25c; This includes the War Tax.
J
With an all Star Cast, including Kitty Gordon, Muriel Ostriche, Johnny Hines and George McQuarrie. In six big
parts also
THE LADY DETECTIVE'-A Scream
TOMORROW: CONSTANCE TALMADGE IN "THE HONEYMOON"
Admission: Balcony, 10c; Lower Floor, 15c; Reserved Seats," 25c ThY includes war tax.
1
-4 rf
MINING
SECTION
Edftetf by
SOCIETY 3
SECTION 8
Edited by 0
LEE BROWN '
; WILLIAM T. OWEN i
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 21, NO. 186.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
mm
-v
ARIZONA MINING CONFRONTS
PECULIAR SITUATION IN ITS
OUTLOOK FOR DOUBLE SURPLUS
Jo Difficulties Attending; Government Price and Wage Fix
ing, Is Added Prospect of Forced Curtailment of Operation,
in Order to Comply With Law of Supply and Demand,
Temporarily Shelved During Period of War; Companies
With Large Surplus Accounts Probably Will Turn Forces
on Development in This Crisis, While Others Must Close
GIANT GERMAN GUNS AT ZEEBRUGGE STAND AS MONUMENTS
TO BRAVERY OF BRITISH HEROES WHO HELPED BLOCK HARBOR.
. mm-.:," '
1 X
The general copper mining and development situation in Arizona at thla
thne is a peculiar one. To the difficulties contended with during the last
few Tears of government price and wage fixing, embargoes and various Other
controlling policies, there, is now added the prospect of forced curtailment of
opperations because of the laws of supply and demand, temporarily shelved
during the period of the war, insofar as metal price was concerned. As to
labor, no artificial devices were necessary. The shortage was real. At hand,
however, is a reversal of conditions; both metal and labor will soob be In
excess of demand.
Such of the large mining companies as have adequate. surplus accounts,
will probably turn larger forces upon development work in this emergency,
fcut until general costs decline there is a limit to the amount of'development
that can be properly, conducted. There Is a great deal of ground that cannot
be entered until the prices of timber, powder, steel and labor get back to
normal, for the reason that the values that may reasonably be expected are
not sufficient to offset present high cost of reaching them.
Big development work that has been underway the last year and more,
partially by way of preparedness for government emergencies in the event
of long continuance of the war and partly by way of preparing for after the
war conditions, such as that of Sacramento hill and Denn-Arizona, in this
district, United Verde's steam shovel plans and the Gadsden, in the Verde
district. New Cornelia's development of AJo Consolidated ground in the Ajo
district. Shannon Copper company development, in Yeager Canyon, all thor
oughly defined and financed projects, will doubtless go ahead with little or
no abatement of vigor. But in other new development. It is only the strongly
financed organizations, with their work well under way and backed by de
termination to have mines ready for production against the time of the real
copper uplift after the readjustment 'period, that can be expected to go
ahead without interruption. There are a number of these, but they are much
outnumbered by those not ip position to go ahead and many of wMch are
now shnt down.
An important property in the list of those that will have to close down
until there is a readjustment of general conditions is the Silver Bell mine,
operated by the American Smelting ft Refining and the output of which
furnished toe main incentive for operation of the fiasco smelter hy A. 9. & R.
The smelter will let its fires go out early in the new year. Several proper
ties In the Silver Bell district will be closed.
Opinion among copper investors is that the dividend earning, low cost
producers at this time represent excellent bargains and that they will be good
for sharp advances next year.
In reality, of course, the low cost producer is not extant today. High sup
ply costs, high wages, taxes and transportation costs have eliminated the
low cost producer as the latter was reckoned in normal times. The trouble is
that copper is very likely to -fall after the first of the year to somewhere
near the price of normal times, while there is no likelihood that supply costs,
taxes or transportation charges will fall in anything like proportionate de
gree. Nor can a proportionate decrease in wages be expected at early time.
Curtailment of production and decrease in employment appear to afford the
only out for many operators until such time as readjustment is accomplished
in general financing and industry. That may mean six months, a year or two
years, much, depending upon toe course of the peace conference. Thereafter,
copper ia confidently expcted to go to a high level, making return of adequate
reward to all interested.
Meantime, those producers with the lowest costs will supply the market
and earn fair returns. Their position will warrant good advances in their
trading value and although they may possibly be available a little later at less
than the present bargain prices, they are still excellent investment buys at the
prevailing figures.
Influence continues a dominant factor among toe smaller mining dis
tricts of the state. Many of their properties are still closed down, while there
are few working with near the number of men that they had on their pay
rolls prior to outbreak of the epidemic. The fact has had a decided influ
ence in curtailing general trade among merchants, according to reports made
by these from different parts of the state.
Underground development of the New Cornelia Copper company on its
AJo Consolidated property, purchased last spring, is about restored to normal,
following decline in working forces during the influenza epidemic. Prom the
"Con." several cars of direct smelting ore are now being shipped dally to
Douglas smelter of the C. & A.
Copper Rumors Denied by
Trade Authorities; Who Say
Accumulations Ridiculous
BOSTON, Mass., Dec. 14. The best
. authorities in the copper trade are
amused over published reports esti
mating the amount of blister copper
and copper metal on hand and in pro
cess of refining In this country in ex
cess of 800,000,000 pounds. They state
that such a figure is ridiculous on its
face, and add that there is no one in
the trade who could compile a total of
the amount of copper in hand at pres
ent. One well-known interest yesterday
stated that if the metal in the ore
bins, that on the railroads from the
mines to the smelters, that in transit
from the smelters to the refiners and
the amount in the hands of the sellers
were taken into consideration, it is
doubtful if the total would be any
where near the 800,000.000-pound fig
ure published. And In this connection
they point out that while there is al
ways a large total In the various
stages before the refined metal is
turned out a proportion always has al
ready been sold, bo that this amount,
even if some definite figure could be
determined, would not by any means
represent a surplus.
That there is some surplus of the
metal was admitted yesterday by the
head of one firm who is Interested in
a material way in copper properties.
He said:
"Yes, there is a stock of copper, but
no one knows what the actual amount
is. Certainly it is nowhere near 800,
000,000 pounds. The copper producers
and sellers always have metal on
band, except in rare instances such as
we experienced in the past three
years.
"If you go into any of the large
mercantile houses, or other lines of
business you will find the shelves
stocked with material that is for sale,
and in normal times there is a simi
larity to this in the copper trade. The
producers and sellers have quantities
on hand, which is right. They can
see a good demand ahead and will be
prepared to meet it when it comes.
(Continued en Pf Two)
Mil f-il ,M
"
yr
One of German defense guns on Zeebrugge mole.
When the British staged their
darinjr exploit at Zeebrupge, block
ing the harbor with three concrete
filled ships and pennijiR in the
German destroyer " and U-boat
fleets, the storming of the German
land batteries on the mole was the
first move. The cruiser Vindictive, ; she approached, redoubled their
with 1,000 voluntees aboard, ran
alongside the mole; Gang planks
were dropped and the men swarm
ed onto ihe mole; The bi;r tuns.
r- on.i of which is shown above, and
v.'hwh opened on the V indictive as
fire, hurline hot steel into the men.
Four huntlred of the crew were
killed or wounded, but the irUns
were silenced while the "block
ships were run into position and
sunk.
ANACONDA STACK
GREATEST III ALL
MINING
WORLD
New Brick Structure at Wa
shoe Reduction Works 5S5
Feet in Air; Company
Made Own Brick
ANACONDA, Mont., Dec. 14. Brick
layers this week laid toe last brick
of the Anaconda Copper, Mining com
pany's new stack at the Washoe Re
duction works, the chimney now
standing 585 feet high, the highest
and the largest stack in the world, and
a monument to the genius of the cop
per corporation's engineers.
The nearest competitor in heights is
the stack of toe American Smelting
company's Tacoma plant, which is sur
passed by a dozen feet and a concrete
stack at Kobe, Japan, that is 13 feet
lower. Neither compares in dimen
sions and draught capacity with the
Anaconda's stack, which is 90 feet .in
side diameter at Its base and 60 at the
top.
The Anaconda company's engineers
make public the following figures con
cerning the chimney: The wall at the
bottom is five feet eight inches in
thickness and at the top 21 inches.
The bricks used were made at the
Anaconda's new brickyard and are of
a special size, 4x8x8, about double the
size of an ordinary brick, and 2.500,000
of them were laid. The cement re
quired totaled 3,882,900 pounds, while
nearly 10,000.000 pounds of sand and
1.250.000 pounds of fireclay were used.
The total weight of the stack is 24.250
tons and the foundation laid for its
support measures 116 feet from the
side to side, and for its construction
nearly 120 railroad cars of rock were
necessary, with 48 railroad cars of"
sand and more than 20,000 sacks of
cement.
The scaffolding within the stack is
a rorest or timDer that rormcd the
skeleton foundation $rom which the
work was done. Seven elevators were
used in the hoisting of men and materials.
At the foot of the stack there are
in the course of construction a sub
station for electrical power, 20 units
of a Cottrell fume treating plant, re
verberatory furnaces, arsenic plant
and change houses for the employes.
The Cottrell plant 1b laid out with a
view of adding 20 more treater units
should this prove necessary or desir
able in the future.
The reverberatory furnace will be
100 feet long by 20 feet wide and it
will smelt the Cottrell fluedust. This
furnace will be connected with two
sets of treators. one set of which will
remove dust and the other will remove
arsenic from the reverberatory gases.
It is expected that the arsenic so col
lected will be sufficiently pure to be
marketable as cru.le arsenic without
further refining. The new Installation
will add about 1 per cent to the plant
recovery of metals and will remove
any possible danger of damage from
fumes to the surrounding country.
The total cost of the new stack,
the treater units, furnace, etc.. will
be more than $2,000,000. The Washoe
Reduction works long have suffered
WESTERN COPPER CO.
PROPERTY AROUSES
INTEREST IN STATE
MINE IN MAYER DISTRICT DEVEL
OPED TO SMALL EXTENT AND
IS EXPECTED SOON TO BE RE
'VIVED AS REORGANIZATION
HAS BEEN STARTED
COPPER
MARKET
JEROME. Ar1zv Dc-i. 14. Oyer in
the Mayer country lies a mire property
that has attracted much attention in
the past few weeks, that of the West
era Copper company, consisting of a
group of 20 claims four miles from
Mayer and ly ins. immediately betweer
the Binghampton and Copper Queen
holdings on the north and the famous
old Stoddard group on the south.
The original location of this prop
erty was mad'j some 17 year3 ago by
Jack Patton, who took uu five claims
lying along the great outcrop of por
phyry that extends from Yaeger
canyon south for almost 50 miles. To
these orit'inal five claims, 15 more
have been added by purchase and loca
tion and, with the exception ofin in
significant fraction, the Western Cop
per company owns all the pround be
tween the Rin.ehamton and Copper
Queen and the Stoddard.
If location counts for anything, thi
group constitutes one of the choices
and most promising properties in the
Slayer district, as it straddles the
great outcrop 700 feet wide between
the two best known and most pro
ductive mines yet developed thereAnd
the surface showings kre said to be
even more attractive than were founi
on either of its neighbors.
The property has been developed
to a small extent by a number of
shallow shafts and open cuts, all
showing mineral, some ot which were
put down as location work and others
sunk by the present owners to deter
mine the proper location for a per
manent working shaft. On the south
end of the property, not far from
the Stoddard line, several short tun
neU have been driven into the schht
at either side of the porphyry con
tact and all these show the same de
cree of mineralization that is exposed
in the shafts and open cuts. '
Several engineers have examined
the ground and all have agreed that
it presents po?sibi'lties well worth ex
ploring and have agreed also that
the location chosen by the present
owners for the permanent shaft Is the
best on the ground.
The property is connected with
Mayer by a road which will require
but little repair to make It an easy
and inexpensive matter to transport
supplies to the mine and ores to the
6'nelter.
The ground presents another ad
vantage in the fact thnt there is a
considerable dip in the surface be
tween the Hinghanipton and the Stod
ard and It is expected that the ore
bodies will be found at loss depth,
by rossiblv 300 feet, than In the for
mer, which is now taking out ore from '
thr 600 level.
The company lately has been re
organized and the following well-i
known men constitute its dire'-torate:
A. E. WeMraan, W. D. Mahoney and
Leo Km: so.
AT STANDSTILL
FOR PRESENT
Change Looked for About
Miadla of This Month,
When Future cf Market3
Will Be Decided
SHATTUCK ARIZONA
(Ontlnued on Fage Two)
The Shatturk Arizona rompnv's
output in November was 5S3.655
pounds of copper, 514. 117 pounds of i
l-ad and 11,2'J6 ounces of silver.
BOSTON, Mass., Dec. 14 The cop
per market is at a standstill. Consum
ers, although putting out inquiries are
not placing orders end it ia not con
sidered likely that a change will take
place in this situation until about the
middle of December, when the future
policy in the markets will be decided
by a meeting of the copper interests
with the members of the war indus
tries hoard at Washington.
It is known that there is a possibil
ity of the 26c price being continued
until April 1 at the Washington gath
ering which will be held on or about
December 15 and according to one
president of a copper company it is
not impossible that there will be some
action along the lines of making a
minimum quotation with the copper
men favorirrg a 26c figure.
Should such a decision be reached it
is expected that there will be a buying
rush by domestic consumers who have
been forced to get along with small
supplies for several years, and who
are now holding off merely because of
the uncertainty which exists at pres
ent. There are large domestic orders
coming', in the opinion of trade ex
perts, and when these materialize the
market will become active.
In addition it is known that there
are export inquiries for large amounts.
The French government alone is re
ported to be in the market for 200,000
tons, but this has only been an inquiry
thus far and no steps have been taken
to actually place a contract for such a
large total.
Copper authorities, however, state
that it is known foreign governments
will require huge totals for a few
years, and they feel certain that the
bulk of their needs will be supplied
by the companies in this country, so
that the export business also ia ex
pected to be large in the next few
years.
Casting copper has been offered by
some small uptown dealers in Jobbers'
lots at 24 l-2c per pound, but these of
ferings are not causing any anxiety in
the trade, where it is pointed out that
casting copper is- a grade below elec
trolytic, and the sellers would be un
able to fill a reasonable demand even
at a higher price if such a condition
would develop.
In normal times casting has always
been quoted a cent or two under elec
trolytic, and it is possible that when
the readjustment of the Industry from
the war to a peace basis is complete,
the various grades will again assume
their relative positions. This would
P'lt a premium on Lake copper over
electrolytic, and ensting would be,
somew hat lower than the popular j
grade.
There has been considerable talk of
the labor question, but thus far a num-'
ber of the copper producing compan
ies have not given this matter the at
tention that many believe necessary.
Cnriinufd on Fig' Two)
PRICES
VER-PR0DUCT10N NOW FACED
WITH LOWER METAL
BUT WAGES AT PRESENT LEVEL
Lower Prices for Metal Without Consequent Reduction in
Wages Will Mean That Many High Cost Properties Will
Have to Close Down, Throwing Their Labor on Market
Together With That of Returned Soldiers; Period Similar
to That of 1914, While Country Is Finding Itself, Now Is
Predicted; Steel Producers Point Way to Problem's Solution
A large surplus of labor In the mining and smelting centers Is likely be
fore long to replace the shortage of the last three years. Over production of
copper is confronted, together with probably lower prices for the metal, but
no reduction In wages until living costs decline. Lower metal prices with
out reduction In wages means that a good mnny high cost mines will have
to shut down, throwing thair labor on the market along with that of re
turning soldiers to whome preference wilj be given.
Notwithstanding the considerable stocks of metal on hand in the smelter
yards of the sta'e and haavy falling off in copper exports in October and No
vember, accepted as indicating a plentiful supply abroad, the government has
not yet seen fit to relieve producers from its war time requirement of maxi
mum production. Output from the smelters of the state this month is ac
cordingly at the top capacity to which they are equal. Below normal forces
at the mines and smelting plants, however, due to the continued prevalence
of Influenza, will hold the December production in all liklihood below that of
the higher months of the year, in which the strenuous patriotic efforts of
operators and operatives turned out much more metal than had been antici
pated as possible under all of the many restraining influences that were
present to contend with.
Expert opinion is divided as to the situation the near future will
bring about, but in the main, inclines to tke belief that the 1914 period of
stagnation will be repeated in some degree. Several months of cautious
investment are ahead, during which new materials will be used of but spar
ingly in this country and not at all in much of Europe. On the latter conti
nent a vast amount of money must be borrowed byindividuals before manu
facturing enterprises can be restored to normal, and until it is so re
stored the masses of the people will be without money to spend. The manu
facturer is compelled to borrow in order that the people may earn.
Tbe deduction from this, is that there will be necessity for slowing dovn
in the production of metals for trie industries; that with a surplus of cop
per on hand, as is now indicated, price will necessarily fall. Steel has point
ed the way to meet the situation to some extent by lowering price, but main
taining present wages until such time as the necessities may fall to a lower
figure. Some loss may be sustained by the producers of steel, it is pointed
out. but this will be better than precipitating demoralization and suffering
among workers through cutting wages while living costs are at the peak.
It will probably mean some reduction in working forces, in which event, un
married men will have to lay off. as they did in 1914.
The lead of steel is very likely to be followed by the copper producers.
Shou1 copper price be reduced and wages be retained at the present rate,
not a few- producers would be obliged to sh'ut down. There are seme who
are barely scraping through at 2Cc metal .and irany who would lose money on
a 23c market. Tailing the high cost metal out of the market would within
six months cut a large hole in the surplus and accomplish much in establish
ing a piofitable price, but it would also meai the creation cf a good deal of
surplus labor. It is also to be remembered tlat many soldiers are returning
and will have preference. On the whole, it appears to be a g-xij time to
cling to the job and save money.
PECK SILVER MINE ! COMBINATION WILL
TO TO DEVELOPED i SINK ADDITIONAL
ON A LARGE SCALE; 200 FEET SHORTLY
REDUCTION PLANT TO BE IN-STft-LED
ON PROPERTY NEAR
CROWN KING AND FIRST IN
TENDED TO TREAT 20.CCO TONS
IN OLD MINE DUMP
JEROME, Aril., Pec. 14 W. W. El
liott, who recently spent several
months here directing work on the
Verde Central property, is superin
tending the installation of a reduction
plant at the famous old Peck Silver
mine, a few miles northwest of Crown
King In the Bradshaws. The plant,
now en route f'ora the east, includes
a new ball mill, compressors, Wilfley
tables, classifier, engines, 14 cyanide
tanks and much other equipment.
It is expected1 the plant will be in
action before the first of the year,
and the product first to be treated
will be the old dump of approximate
ly 20.000 tons, carrying an estimated
value of about 20 to tbe ton in sil
ver. The workings of the old Peck
then will be vigorously explored.
Frank Giroux will personally direct
the development. He retired a short
time ago as lessee of the Swastika,
nearby, and on a parallel f'ssure to
the Peck, while he also has repeatedly
worked the Peck under a lease, mak
ing a success.
This will be the first extensive de
velopment which the Peck has faced
in over a third of a century, in which
practical mining ficures. and . from
the exhaustive sampling made in re
cent months In old zones it Is but
reasonable to expect success.
DECIDED AT ANNUAL MEETING
UPON RECOMMENDATION OF
MANAGER TO TAKE THIS STEP
WITH ALL POSSIBLE SPEED:
DIRECTORS CHOSEN
OLD DOMINION
The Old Dominion Copper company
his declared a quarterly dividend of
$1 a share, payable December 31 to
holders of record December 17.
Old Dominion paid $1 three months
and ?1 six months ago.
Without delay the Verde Combina
tion shaft will be sunk 2l0 feet deep
er and development of the promising
showing opened on the 10SD will.be
prosecuted vigorously on the new
level, says the Verde Copper News.
This was the principal recommenda
tion embodied by Manager Dave
Morgan in his annual repoit to the
board of directors. Tbe directors
last night adopted Morgan s report in
full and authorized him to use his
own judgment regarding future opera
tions. Morgan has the necessary
cable on hand and is today organiz
ing his force for the resumption of
sinking. While sinking is going on
work will be continued In the No. S
southwest drift on the 10SO, which
has already exposed a big body of
schist carrying pyrite and chalco
pyrite. Stockholders' Meeting
All was serene and harmonious at
the annual stockholders' meeting,
concluded last evening. In the aft
ernoon the stockholders had exam
ined the mine and without exception
all were much encouraged by the ap
pearance of the property. The bal
ance sheet and the manager' reports
were matters of congratulation. The
balance sheet showed that $299.026..
77 had been expended for develop
ment, not including $47,525.94 paid
out for buildings, equipment and ma
chinery, and the company had $1S3.
813 7S in bank October 31.
John L. Dyer and James F. Primm
of El Paso, John S. Eberman of
rittsburg, Jamet M. Layman of J- TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1918.
YAVAPAI COUNTY
KEPT PACE WITH
NATION'S
NEED
Now That Great Conflict Is
Over, There Will Be No
Abatement Until Demand
Falls Off
(By P. R. MILNES.)
PRESCOTT. ; Ariz., Dec. 12. Yava
pai county kept up her patriotic pace
in the production of copper all through
the war period and. now ,that the great
conflict is oves' there will be no
abatement of production until the de
mand shows signs of falling off. There
is little likelihood, however, of such
a contingency arising for several
years to come, as devastated Europe
during the period of reconstruction
will need immense' quantities of the
red metal. In addition the home de
mand with a period of expansion fac
ing the country, will probably increase
instead of decrease. While the pres
ent and future assure prosperity to
the producers there is already a re
vival of interest in the so-called pros
pects, or mines la the development
stage. During the war period interest
seemed to lag and capital was shy of
putting , its money into these pros
pects; no matter how flattering ap
peared the outlook for them. The sit
uation now is different. Money, gen
erally speaking, is seeking investment,
and already signs are manifest of a
mining revival in this county with the
coming of spring. Already options
have been taken on a number of prop
erties in the Mayer district and active
development work will be prosecuted
when the winter months have passed.
The Hillside district is also claiming
the attention of engineers and several
deals of magnitude are on the tapis.
The district, possessing mineral possi
bilities equal to any in a county which
is famous for its mines, has thus far
been neglected, chiefly due . to traua
portation handicaps. Now, that tUe
county has completed a road into the
district over which ore can be hauled
in motor trucks, it is coming into its
own and soon will take its place with
Verde, Mayer and other centers. Men
whose fath in the Hillside country has
been of that character which 'moves
mountains" are ou the verge of having
their dreams come true, and their
long, patient waiting, will soon be re
warded. Arizona is essentially a mining state
and although the industry is yet in
swaddling clothes, it is the backbone
of its w-ealth and prosperitly. And
that it is prosperous no one can deny.
Wages undreamed of a few years ago,
are being paid all classes of miners,
from the mucker to the most skilled
employee, and the luxuries and com
forts of life on a par with the mine
managers. Take away the miues, and
it has beeB said with a great degree
of truth that the state could be tender
ed to its original owners, the Indians,
and they would scorn the proffered
gift. Without the mines it is a cer
tainty that taxes would be practically
prohibitive and educational facilities,
good roads and many of the other
benefits the people now enjoy would
be denied them. A recent report by
the state board of equalization shows
that the mines pay four-fifths of the
taxes and that the seven so-called min
ing counties represent J634.957.350.35
of the total assessable wealth of $834,
030.532.22. Next to Cochise county in
the list is Gila with J165.647.782.48 and
then comes Yavapai with $130,375,381.
62 assessed valuation. The mining
counties will pay Into the state treas
ury on the tax rate of 39 cents on the
$100, which has been fixed for the
year, in round numbers about $2,700,
000 a tidy little sum when it is con
sidered that the total amouiit to be
raised by taxation will be J3.400.0U0.
COMBINATION WILL
SINK ADDITIONAL
200 FEET SHORTLY
(Continued from Page One)
rome, and J. C: Callaghan of Phoe
nix, were re-elected to the board of
directors. W. N. Richards of Pitts
burg, and Dave Morpan of Jerome,
were elected In the places of Alfred
F. Kerr and Frank P. Jones of El
Paso, neither of whom was a candi
date for re-eleftion.-
At the directors' meeting, which
followed the close of the stockhold
ers' session, Dyer was unanimously
re-elected president. Morgan took
Jones' p'.ace as vice-president and
Callaghan was made secretary in
. LINER GEORGE WASHINGTON PICKED BY PRESIDENT FOR TRIP
J l s 0 ' f , ' ;
place of Primin. Prinim himself was
switched from secretary to treasur
er. The directors chose Mrs. W. B.
Kennedy of El Paso, as assistant sec
retary and treasurer.
With little discussion the manag
er's report was adopted and Mfirgan
was instructed to continue develop
ment as his Judgment dictated. This
report is remarkable in numerous re
spects. It shows that in the year
ending October 31 the Combination
company accomplished 5039 feet of
drifting and crosscutting at a cost of
$16.67 a foot. The shaft was sunk
402 feet at $63.91 a foot.
COPPER RUMORS
ARE DENIED BY
TRADE AUTHORITIES
(Continued from Page Oi.el
But don't forget there is no such total
as 800,000,000 pounds."
Some of the trade interests say
there might be some weight to esti
mates like the one referred to if a
segregation of the figures were given
and It was explained how the total
was arrived at. "If that had been
done," said one roan, "we could see
just how much credence could be
placed in the estimate, but as it is now
possibly the best thing that could be
done would be to ignore it. Perhaps
the action of the copper stocks on the
stock exchange will explain the reason
for the estimate?"
Domestic business in copper metal
continues negligible, some small or
ders having been placed at the 26c
price. Casting copper is again being
offered in small parcels by uptown
dealers at 24 l-2c per pound, but these
offerings are having no influence on
the larger sellers who are maintaining
the fixed quotation.
ANACONDA STACK
GREATEST IN ALL
WORLD OF MINING
(Continued from Page One)
from Inadequate flue capacity and
draught and the new chimney will
remedy all these troubles; affording
such a tremendous draught power that
the company practically will find no
limit to any capacity it might be wish
ed to increase the smelter works. In
addition the increased flue range en
ables an increased recovery of the
metals.
Incidentally the brickyard of the
Anaconda company had its capacity
increased from 16,000 to 50,000 brick
daily in order to meet the demands of
the new stack, and the company now
is in a position to supply the brick
market of Montana. These brick are
being made from the tailings from the
flotation concentrator and will sus
utain a pressure in excess of the ordi
nary clay brick and present a far
dressier appearance than the ordinary
brick, the texture being finer and the
color a greyish white, resembling
somewhat a firebrick in looks.
COPPER MARKET
AT STANDSTILL
FOR THE PRESENT
(Continued from Page One)
It is asserted that as long as govern
ment supervision, and control con
tinues there can be no reduction in
wages, especially if the 26c fixed price
is continuer.
It is admitted, however, that this
question will be a leading one when
the readjustments have been com
pleted, but whether this will be soon
or not no oue is willing to predict
Wages being paid today are about the
highest in the history of the industry.
COPPER MERGER RCMOR DENIED
NEW YORK. Dec. 14. It can be
stated on the highest possible author
ity, that there is no truth In the re
port that plans are being considered
for a merger of the Anaconda and In
spiration and the Greene Cananea Cop
per companies. There have been no
plans of any kind made for a merger
and the matter has not even been dis
cussed by the officials of the various
companies.
The Inspiration Copper company's
output in November was 7,500,000
pounds of copper.
AIRMEN WORK WELL
LONDON, Nov. 17. Liberated
Bruges afforded a striking testimony
to the work of the allied airmen. It
was attacked by bombers because the
Germans had made it an Important
base for submarines. Its extensive
docks, connected with the sea by
canals, formed a safe haven where the
German U-boats could be built, fitted
and repaired for their work of destruc
tion. .The raids of the allied airmen
were directed solely at these objec
tives, and despite the enormous dam
age done to them the rest of the town
suffered hardly at all.
PORPHYRIES ALSO
SHOW DECREASE
IN RECENT
Production of Utah, Ray,
Chino and Nevada Show
Falling Off of Over Three
Million Pounds
Production of the prophyries for No
vember show a substantial decline
when compared with the previous
month, output totaling 36.585,285
pounds against 40,253,000, a decrease
of 3,667,715 pounds. While lower pro
duction was generally anticipated the
large drop was not unexpected. Of
this decrease Utah copper contributed
2,500,000 pounds while the other three
all were under October's figures.
Celebrations in connection of the
signing '4f the armistice which con
tinued for practically two days was
directly responsible for the sharp de
crease: ' In addition there was another
holiday. Thanksgiving day. But for
these factors, production would have
made a very good exhibit, not alone
with October, but also with November
a year ago which now shows a gain of
approximately 528,000 pounds.
For the 11 months, without excep
tion, all the porphyries are under the
same period of 1917, the decrease of
the four mines amounting to 9,524,772
pounds. Output of the porphyries for
the 11 months of the current year as
compared, with the same months of
1917 follows:
11 Months 11 Months
' 1918 1917
Utah 184.398,546 188,402,326
Ray Cons 80,907,559 83,437,154
Chino '.. 73.129,705 74.184,367
Nevada 72,831,415 74,768,150
Totals 411,267.225 420.791,997
This lower output naturally means
higher costs. Although the amounts
are comparatively small, the higher
wages granted to employes during the
present year as well as increases for
materials and supplies will be reflect
ed in an advance in pound costs. Even
with a normal increase in production
this year it is doubtful if costs could
be held down to last year figures on
account of the higher operating ex
penses. CONSOLIDATED SHOWS
DECREASE IN OUTPUT
A slight decrease from the figures
of October production is shown by the
November report of the Consolidated
Arizona Smelting company of Hum
boldt. Its total output in bullion dur
ing that month amounted to 1,030,000
pounds of copper shipped to eastern
refineries.
From the Blue Bell, De Soto and
Swastika mines the total ore ship
ments to the Humboldt smelter
amounted to 12,000 tons. The company
concentrating mill treated a total of
7200 tons of material while the smelt
er handled 14,000 tons, of which 12,
200 was new metal bearing material.
PHELPS DODGE OUTPUT
Phelps-Dodge company reports its
smelter output of copper in pounds to
bo 15,785,001. The output for the first
11 months of the year was:
January 21,766,836
February .'...17,263.120
March - .20,815.110
April .,...18.389.899
May ..17,595,433
June - 16.847,871
July ' ......18.733,071
August 17,101.261
September 15,500,623
October ...16.728,371
November 15,785,011
Of the November total 1.841.920
pounds were customs ores and 13,943,
091 pame from company's mines. Ol
the latter 3.551,418 pounds were from
mines in this country-
ANACONDA COPPER
The Anaconda Copper company re
ports an output of 22,600,000 pounds
of copper for November.
SHANNON COPPER
Shannon, Copper repqrts an output of
684,000 pounds in November.
o ' OLD DOMINION
The Old Dominion reports for No
vember an output of 2,101.000 pounds
of copper.
"-fMr'iiai--t f
OUTPUT
i iii i m ii . t. 1 1",. Mm
INSPIRATION WAS
LARGE ACHIEVEMENT
COLONEL THOMPSON
STANDS TODAY AS MONUMENT
TO HIS PERSISTENCY AND BE
LIEF IN FUTURE OF PORPHYRY
PROPERTY; CONTROL NOW
VESTS IN ANACONDA
The Inspiration Consolidated Cop
per company was one of the large
achievements of Colonel Thompson
and it stands as a monument to his
persistence and faith in developing
the property. In little more than
three years he took a comparatively
unknown mining claim in Arizona,
consolidated it with others, and solved
the problem of the application or the
flotation system In the treatment of
low-grade porphyry ores at an aston
ishing profit. Those who believed In
Colonel Thompson and backed his
judgment reaped rich rewards. Many
held firmly to their stock through
wide fluctuations during the period
of development and the first year's
operations of the company saw it pro
duce $16,000,000 in earnings equal to
the total amount expended in acquisi
tion and equipment.
At one stage of Inspiration's his
tory the actual cash value of the stock
was 170,000,000 and even at present
quotations, which are about two and
a half times par, the value of the
property Is upward of $60,000,000.
Colonel Thompson continues to oc
cupy his "war offices" at 1 Madison
averfue, on the 29th floor of the Metro
politan tower where he directed his
teams in the Liberty loan, Red Cross
and war relief drives, and where he
still maintains the headquarters of the
Home Paper Service of Westchester
county, through which nearly 8000
papers are going to the men at the
front at his own expense. Here also
are the headquarters of the Home
Service of America, or which he is
president, and which under the cam
paign management of Courtland Smith,
acquired a membership of 4000 small
newspapers in this country devoted
to the cause of getting the "home
newspapers" in each or the 48 states
of the Union to the men in the
trenches, and with the fleet. '
It has been reported in Wall street
from time to time that the Anaconda
Copper company had. been accumulat
ing stock of the Inspiration consoli
dated Copper company with a view
to obtaining control of the latter. . It
is stated that at the close of 1917 the
Anaconda owned 250,900 shares of In
spiration stock.' . Since that time, ac
cording to reports in Wall street, it
had been gradually Increasing its hold
ings until at the present time it is the
most important dominating influence
in connection with the affairs of the
Inspiration company. With the con
trol of the property lodged in other
hands, Colonel Thompson, it is un
derstood, felt that there was no longer
necessity for him o remain at the
head of the organization.
During the present calendar year
the production of copper by the In
spiration has fluctuated somewhat,
although there has been a tendency
toward improvement in the output re
cently, the October figures showing
8.125,000 pounds of copper, compared
with 7.800.'i00 pounds in September
and 9,000.000 pounds, each in both
July and August. Compared with the
production of the late months of 1917
and the early months in 1918. the
October output represents a substan
tial improvement.
The Inspiration, as a result of the
methods that have been adopted in
connection with its mining and treat
ment operations, is able to produce
copper at a comparatively low cost.
This has resulted in handsome profits
that have been recorded by the com
pany since the date of its inception
At present $S per share is being paid
on the outstanding capital stock or
the equivalent of 40 per cent.
In 1916 the company earned $ 17.45
per share on its outstanding stock
and $9.38 per share was earned in
1917. Those best informed regarding
affairs of the company entertain the
belief that it will be possible to con
tinue the present rate well into tho
future, unless developments in the
copper world are of a character to
upset completely, plans In connection
with current month to month opera
tions.
COPPER
NEW YORK. Dec. 14 Reports of
offers to sell electrolytic copper at a
recession from the 26c level arc heard
In the trade, but in the Important cir
cles it is stated that these rumors can
not be verified, although it is admit
ted that there is a possibility of some
small losts of resale copper, being
offered contrary to the rulings of the
War industries board. The feeling
in important trade circles continues
optimistic, Judging from the views
heard.
MIAMI COPPER
The Miami Copper company reports
for November an output of 4.:;Si.7S0
pounds of copper.
Dr. Harriet I. Johnson
OSTCOPATHIC PHYSICIAN
liisease ir v. omen and fhiltlren a
fpecialiy. OlTicti. over Oilman's
Jewelry Sl'iru. Phono 7t3
A Health Builder
For Weakened Lungs
W'1ito a roiitlnud ooueli or -M
threatens the IuiihiS KoUm.iirH Alter
live will help to xl "p Ilia vouch.
Ktrei'tli-n the ltnms nnij reMum
l.nlth. nu- and 11.00 lidtllca at drug.
iM s. or from
IX1CMAN I-AHOrtATOUY, Philadelphia
OF
BIG COMPANIES
i
Nine Largest Companies Show
Decrease of Almost Seven;
Million Pounds for Novem
ber Production figures which'have come;
to hand thus far In November have
been rather disappointing in their.
comparisons with October, but as the
demand will certainly be smaller be
cause of the ending of the w orld s
war, this is likely to be or benefit to
(he underlying tone of the market In
r cbraary and Marcn wnen tne rennea
metal from this month's mine output ;
will come on the market.
Thus far nine companies have re-1
ported production figures for Nevem-i
ber, and every one has recorded a de-,
crease. Of course the fact that there
were but 30 days in November, and
that the miners in many Instances ,
took oft at least part of the time on ;
election and Thanksgiving days had
something to do with the reduction
in the total production, but the daily
average In November also was some
what under that made in October.
. The following table gives the pro
duction of the companies for Novem
ber ' as compared with October and
shows the reduction in the figures for
last month (figures in pounds):
Company. . November October
Anaconda 22.600.000 23.450.000
Utah . 16,500,000 19.000,000
Phelps Dodge ...15.785.011 16.728.371
Inspiration . ... 7.500.000 8.125,000
Ray Cons 7.020.000 7.490.000
Nevada Cons. .. 6.C01.000 6.700.000
Chino 6,404.285 7.063.000
Miami 4.382.730 4,945.178
Shattuck-Arlz. .. 583.655 744,069
Total 87,436.681 94.245.613
. It may not be at all unlikely that
the copper company managers ' will
make no special effort to increase
production at this time, and it it
known that some companies which
had been short of labor have made
no attempt to increase their froces ,
since the middle of November. How
tver, with favorable weather condi
tions the December output figures,
it is said in the trade, should at least
equal November and may possibly
exceed it.
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Di Borders
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west Masonic Temple,
Main street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by .latest methods.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
O K ST.
DR. EDWARD COUIAN
Chiropractor and Osteopath
NERVOUSNESS AND RHEUMA
TISM A SPECIALTY
Office in Johnson Block, opposite
Johnson Add. Car Stop.
PRODUCTION
SHOW DECLINE
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
to You)
Range Boiler
Sisbee
Even if your salary is not very large you can
save a little.
Start an account at this Bank NOW and once
you make the beginning you will find saving a
duty and pleasure.
Bank with us.
", .
BARRETT
Ever-Lastic Roofing
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock.
Bisbce Lumber Co. inc.
EMU. MARKS, Mir. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
Copper Queen Hotel and mgn-ciass cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Wsber A. Co-, Boston, Ouluth, CalumtL
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
r
Hoofbeata Rang Out Paul Revere Gal
loped Up, Left His Motor Running
and Dashed Into an Office.
"Quick! The British are coming and I
must be off!" "You MUST be off f grin
ned the clerk he addressed, opening the
envelope handed to him. It contained
an Ad for The Review Classified Columns!
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
.
Heater
'! ,-
i
pi i. I
i
v THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1918..
THREE
i
v
News of Social Circles
Mr. and Mrs. Wii'.iam J. Young, Jr., ter of the A. F. F. Y. and managed
or Coiurtland are registered at the on the smallest scale of anv oti.er
Santa Rita in Tucson. Mr. and Mrs. committee in America, it li;s di.ne
Young have many friends in the War-, very well considering. (Joili finau
rea district who will be glad to have ciully ami educationally, coin,; ever
news of them They are bride and 1 the top in i-very efrort. The work?.-s
Eroom. although no one would sus-: have :ie.-er fai ed in it3 worts rooms.
pect it. I
Mr. Young calls both Chicago and
Los Angeles his home and has mining
interests at Courtland. Mrs. Young
was Mrs. Edythe Choate Oesting.
She is the former wife of Charles V.
Oesting, one of the wealthiest busi
ness and clubmen of San Diego. For
the past ten years, since their separa
tion, she and her daughter, Dorris,
have made their home in Tasadena.
Mrs. Young is the daughter of Mrs.
Carl H. Wagner of San Diego, mem
ber of one of the oldest families there,
and she is also the niece of Rufus
Choate of San Diego.
Mr. Young is a member of the Chi
cago club and of the California club
of Los Angeles."
The marriage took place on No
vember 30 in the First Congregational
church at Pasadena with only a few
relatives and friends present. Miss
Dorris Oesting was the bride's only
attendant. After the holidays the
bridal couple will go to Courtland and
they will divide their time between
there and Pasadena. Courtland was
named after a younger brother of Mr.
Young, the family having had mining
interests there for years.
While Mrs. Young lived in Saa
Diego she was a society leader there
for years and she frequently made)
visits to Pasadena. Her daughter will
graduate at Marlborough this year
and will go to Vassar next year. The
Oesting home, on First street in San
Diego, is one of the handsomest 'resi
dences in that city and the tea gar
dens in East San Diego, until recently
owned by Mr. Oesting, are widely
famed for their beauty. Both places
have been the scenes of lavish enter
tainments. The A. F. F. W has a lew finished
and unfinished garments on hand and
thread, tape, buttons and oiher ac
cessories, such as Wcissors, thimbles,
pins and needles will all be shipped
at once so that the French refugees
ard Assured of having employment
and warm clothing for the winter.
Every A. F. F. W. society la the
United States will slip their ready-
made garments and materials within
"
the next few weeks
TUir,rS Wlllbel
shipped directly through tie French ;
government from New York city. All
articles used in fitting up the work
rooms in Bisbee will be sent to France The following society item from the
for lining the boxes for shipping or Long Beach Cal.) Telegram of De
sent for practical use in that land, j ceniber 7 will be of interest to the
The oil cloth used on the ?urgnai Bisbee friends of both Mrs. Wallace
dressing and cutting tahlos will oe and Mrs. Krinbill:
mado useful in lining ro'?s. The Complimenting his "mother on her
curtains and wrapping par.i. r will be birthday anniversary, Clarence E.
sent among other things. j Krinbill yesterday entertained for
This does not mean that all the . Mrs. George E. Krinbill a dinner corn
work rooms over the country fc be-! pan y of 12 guests, out-of-town friends
ing closed. No, indeed, the trood work j of th" honoree.
will continue through the periJ '.if re Those constituting the company
construction, but Mrs. Fr.iiit;ei has, were: Mr. and Mrs. Frank Iee of
resigned her position here as man-j Hollywood, Mr. and Mrs. Henry' Sar
ager of this special wo-k as she has: wine of Duarte, Mr. and Mrs. N. Wad-i
been connected with it for four yi'&nijand daughter Mary of Monrovia, Mrs.
and has been transferred to anoU.cril. W. .Wallace of Bisbee. Ari.; Mis.
branch of the service, namely, travel-jB. I. Tanner o Cedar Rapids. Ia.;
ing with the moving pictures of Mrs. L. V. Beatty and Mrs. Edgar
France, which is raising money to cs- j Fuighum of Raton, N. M.
tablish French poor on the fnrms nd In the afternoon Mrs. Lee. vho is
little homes scattered through tr.eja very fine professional singer, pave
devastated land f France. j a delightful song recital before the
Bisbee is next to the smallest chap-j guests motored to thoir homes.
Of Interest
Now that the war is really over our
thoughts turn to the most frivolous
clothing and we don't feel as though
we had committed a crime by wearing
bright colors. Beautiful dresses of
satin banded with fur and clad in tail
ored frocks with scarves and muffs of
squirrel and castor and the sruarest of
buckled shoes below transparent ma
roon hose. There are some suits with
straight knee length coats, tightened
at the waist with a narrow knotted
belL An odd crush tricorn hat of
black panne is drawn low over the
eyes, making a bewitching costume. ,
Another attractive outfit is a smart
frock of velours de luine much black
is worn this season bound all about
with a sort of knitted galon of maroon
wool. Over the shoulders is thrown
a loose cape of nutria, shirred on to
the great turned over collar in accord
ance with the fashion. The cape is
rather short, falling three or four
inches short of the skirt edge and is
very smart. The small round hat of
nutria is posed low on the head, show-
Special Values!
Crepe de chine Waists
$6.00-$8.00 value, $4.75
Georgette Crepe
Waists, $8.00-
$10.00 value $5.95
Big reduction in silk under
wear, nightgowns, teddies,
bloomers, camisoles and
silk hosiery, suitable for
Xmas gifts. : : : :
WE ACCEPT LIBERTY
BONDS AND STAMPS
FRUITMAN'S
f FASHION SHOP '
Tailors for Men and Women
Phone 74 Main Street
Opposite Wells Fargo
loyally and faithfully eac'i Thjr?day
for 15 mouths the room have teen
well at'enc.eu with earnest women
ready i'iiI eartr to dc wnat'ver tiiey
were told to do. Each month fot 13
months $25 has been sent to Paris
toward the support of the Motor
corps. The women of the Bisbee-Lin-
oln committee may feel su-e that
they have aided in helping one of the
most worthy causes of France. Mrs.
M. E. M. Frantzen wishes to thank
each and every worker on behalf of
the national committee.
There will be no more drives in
Bisbee to raise funds for the local
A. F. F. W., but the national American
fund for French wounded has asked
that tha -workers be ready for an
emergency call at any time.
Mrs. Frantzen and Mrs. Charles
Hardin request that all the finished
and unfinished garments that the
workers have at home be turned in
not later than Wednesday at the home
of Mrs. Hardin in Tombstone canyon
as the garments will be packed im
mediately to be sent across the saa.
At an early date Mrs. M. E. M.
Frantzen and three other ladies from
Arizona, a member of national head
quarters, and a member- from Paris,
France, cill tour not only Arizona,
but the United States with films and
other entertainment for raising money
for France. Mrs. Frantzen and the
representative from Paris will lecture
and one woman will operate the ma
chine. A concert will be given be
tween pictures. The six members of
this party are all musicians.
Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Dickinson have
returned from their home in Wyo
ming, where they went to attend the
funeral cf Mr. Dickinson's sister, who
recently died from pneumonia follow
ing an attack of influenza. Mr. Dick
inson is director of the practical min
ing course that has just been staVted
by the Copper Queen Mining company
for miners and muckers. Mr. and
Mrs. Dickinson are living at the Cop
per Queen hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. Roy Green have re-
i. i r v . i
ii"i anuu Iiulc uiuun n ip
aim wm live in warren. Airs, iireene
was formerly Miss Ethel Ronr.ar.
to Women
ing a tuft of dark hair just forward of
each ear.
The skirt is very narrow and the
collar of a well, dressed ' woman
must be very high this winter. The
brim of her hat is often very narrow
in the back, and her muff is some
times very long and slim, bulging ever
so slightly in the middle. Shoes rath
er blunt than pointed and are neatly
strapped about the ankle; and her sil
houette. is very trim. Very new is the
fur blouse, a simple chemise of nutria,
straight to the hips and girdled tight
ly at the waist line with a thick gold
cord casseled with gold and black.
Oddly pretty is this blouse, which is
worn over a straight skirt of velours
de laine of the same color. However,
this blouse may be worn over a black
satin slip, or indeed over almost any
tissue.
Among the things in a trousseau is
an odd little corsage of crepe Georg
ette, banded and girdled wiih gray
squirrel. A room jacket of vivid ger
anium red velvet is also bordered with
gray squirrel and finished with modish
silver tassels. The open slashes across
the shoulder are filled in with silver
tissue.
Trimmed with fur is a blue velvet
peignoir, and a blue tulle boudoir cap
is also banded with fur. Gray squir
rel trims a black velvet jacket.
The fur collar which drops to a f
in front is knotted like a cravat, the
ends falling to the waist line. Last
year the fur girdle was worn but this
year it is the fur cravate, sometimes
narrow but always very smart.
In a steam heated house, a house.
jacket of blue velours de laine, em
broidered with blue and red wool and
edged with heavy blue fringe. The
odd jacket is worn over a simple satin
chemise. Somewhat similar in form
is a house blouse of green velours de
laine, elaborately embroidered In vivid
colors in tapestry stitch the new
decorative tapestry embroidery which
is so smart just now.' Narrow turned
back "cuffs" of satin finish the neck,
sleeves and lower edge of the blouse.
With a red umbrella stick that has
been adopted for the street, is carried
a small bag of red leather with red
leather straps finished with large
ivory beads. It is lined with silver
taffeta, and the small mirror on its
taffeta strap Is set In a little silver
frame. A similar bag of black varnish-
ed leather bears a monogram in whit
! stitching on Its side." It is smartly
lined with silver taffeta and the mir
, ror is framed in black enamel. These
i small mirrors are fitted with rings so
; that they may be attached to the lin
! ing of any bag. and the bag should ill-
ways bo made to order.
A bag of Angora tricot shows a me
dallion of tapestry embroidery lu
bright colors, and the humlstrcp is
also embroidered. This tapestry hith
erto confined to chairs, cushions or
wall hangings, appears now on muffs,
bags, hats and waistcoats, and the old
time needle work and odd time em
broideries are exceedingly decorative.
Very striking with a costume of black
velvet is a muff of vivid hues, red and
green, a floral design beautiiully
worked with the needle. When one
tires of the muff it might be made
into a cushion for a warm spot in a
room on cold winter days.
Bags made of bits of Chinese em
broideries are brilliant in color and
very pretty. Other bags are made of
silk, velvet, satin or fur. topped with
shell and adorned with dangling balls
of shell. Then there is a hose of ma
roon silk being worn with an even
ing frock of black velvet. The shoes
are of black satin with small buckles
of brilliants. This idea of wearing col
ored hose with black shoes is a very
pretty one. With gray or beige shoes
the stocking must exactly match the
shoes.
To hear the average
talk after his recovery
think he was 'expecting
medal
"flu"
one
a
victim
would !
service i
j
If the price of milk continues to go
up we shall have to chase the pig out
of the parlor and keep a cow! j
We accept
I Place' . i
II
Wm
u
M
M '
1.74 t
l"1U
4
$
i
m
n
m
The Churches
CHRISTIAN
9:45 a. m., Sunday school.
' Let's all take advantage of our first
Sunday school for months,
j 11:00 a. in.. Morning service. Ser
, mon theme, "Enthusiasm."
I 7:30 p. m.. Evening service. Ser
j mon these. "The Challenge."
j Wednesday evening, continuance of
(the popular Bible class. All cordial
' ly invited.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE SERVICE
The Christian Science society of
Bisbee holds services in Odd Fellows'
hall every Sunday morning at 11
o'clock, and Wednesday evening testi
mony meeting at 8 o'clock. The pub
lie is welcome, and Invited to attend.
Subject for Sunday. December 15.
"God, the Preserver of Man."
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE, WARREN
Informal Christian Science services
are held in Warren every Sunday
morning at 11:30 in the old Warren
company building, corner Tener and
Arizona streets. A cordial invitation
is extended to all. Subject for today,
''God, the Preserver of Man."
Sunday school at Lowell
chapel.
i 9:45 Sunday morning.
PRESBYTERIAN
Sunday school, 9:45 a. m.
I Morning worship, 11 o'clock. Ser
! mon topic, "More Than Conquerors."
Evening service, 7:30 o'clock. Stere-
optican lecture,
The next Communion service of the
church will be held on Sunday, Deceru-
To buy Jewelry is at a house that has never carried anything
but first class mdse. A Christmas present of an absolutely
perfect blue diamond from the quality store is the gift supreme.
OUR DIAMOND LA VALUERS have the white and fclue white stones in them and are above the average that are
sold, all are carefully selected.
OUR BRACELET WATCHES cost from $20.00 to $60.00. and are absolutely guaranteed. t
GORHAM AND DURGIN STERLING SILVERWARE and ALVIN and SHEFFIELD PLATE WARE, are all of
. the best.
HEAVY HALLMARK SOLID STERLING SILVER cigarette and vanity cases at .". $12.00
and up, price and weight can only be duplicated in Hallmark stores, such values are only possible through co
operative buying.
MAKE THIS CHRISTMAS YOUR QUALITY CHRISTMAS
MO
m ml n I
Hill
QUALITY JEWELERS
U. S. Liberty Bonds and War Savings Stamps.
ber 22, in connection wiih the regular
morning service.
Everybody is cordially invited to at
tend the services of this church.
ALLAN' KUICHBAl'M, Pastor.
ST. JOHN S EPISCOPAL
Sunday school, 9:45 a. in.
Morning prayer and address. 11
o'clock.
I Wednesday choir practice, 7:30
: p. m.
, JACOB M. WHITE. Rector.
FIRST BAPTIST
Bible school, 9:45 a. m.
Sermon by pastor, 11 a. m. Theme,
"Following Peace."
Song and prayer service, 7 p. in.
Sermon by paHtor, 7:30 p. m. Theme
"The Momentous Event."
The home-like church where you
have a warm welcome. Come and
bring your friends.
H. C. COMPTOX. Pastor.
SERVICES AT WARREN
The Rev. H. P. Cory will preach at
WaAen tonight at 7:30 o'clock.
METHODIST EPISCOPAL
Regular services will be resumed to
day. 'The Sunday school will meet at
9:45 a. m. Public worship t 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. Epworth League meet
ing at 6:30 p. m.
The official board with the wives
and husbands of the members of the
board will be entertained by the pas
tor and his wife at the parsonage Mon
day evening at 7:30.
The prayer meeting will be Wednes
day evening at 7 o'clock, and the choir
will meet at the same hour Thursday
evening.
C. W. HARSHMAN, Pastor.
New Books in
The Copper
Queen Library
Brooks. "The Fighting Men."
Chitwood, "Immediate Causes of
the Great War."
Dess(,n, "Hostage in Germany."
Van Dyke. "The Red Flower."
Curtin, "Land of the Deepening
Shadow."
Buswell. "Ambulance No. 10."
Azan. "Warfare of Today."
Chute. "The Real Front."
Goodnow. "War Nursing."
Fallon. "The Big Fight."
Clarke. "American Women and the
World War." j
Empey, 'First Call." ;
Bott, "Cavalry of the Clouds." j
Holmes. "A Yankee in the (
Trenches."
Aldrith. "A Hilltop on the Marne."
Holt-Wheeler, "Wonder of War in
the Air."
Barry, "World's Debate."
Fiction
Turpin,
Lane."
Peggy of Roundabout
Bower. "Cabin Fever."
MacGill, "Brown Brethren."
Bosher. "Kitty Canary."
Grey, "The U. P. Trail."
Oyen, "Gaston Olaf."
Pier, "The Son Decides."
Ward, "Missing."
Dillon, "Comrades."
Cooke, "The Threshold."
Kelland. "The Source."
Porter, "Oh, Money, Money."
Pollock, "Northern Diamonds.'
Mullins, "Blossom Shop."
BEEGQUIST
Mullins, "Anne of the I'losom
Shop."
Mullins. "The ML Blossom Girls.
Porter, "Daughter of the Land."
Non-Fiction
Owen. "Secret of Typewriting
Speed."
Page, "How to Run an Automobile."
Seeger, "Poems."
Street. "American Adventures."
Franck, "Vagabonding Down the
Andes."
Joos, "Success With Hens."
Essary. "Your War Taxes."
Fosdick, "Challenge of tha Present
Crisis."
O'Shaughnessy. "Diplomatic Iays."
Moody. "Men Who Sell Things."
Partridge. "Wheatless and Meatless
Days."
Sheldon. "Art of Selling." .
Stock well. "Essential Elements cf
Business Character."
Mackay, "Patriotic Plays and Page
ants." 'i
Eaton, "Green Trail3 and Upland
Pastures."
Parkman, "Heroines) of Service."
Parkman, "Heroes of Today.'
Arizona State Business Directory,
1918. : .
PORTO RlCAN SUGAR
PLANTS PLAN OPENING
(By Rviw Leaard Wir)
SAN JUAN. P. R-. Nov. 27. Plans
for the opening of the new sugar sea
son are under way and it is probable
that three centrals will commence
grinding in December.
The last crop was approximately
450.000 tons, or a decrease of SO.uoO
tons over the 1917 crop. Estimates
for the 1919 crop indicate a sugar out
put around 400,000 tons.
X FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1918.
WHAT FRANCE NOW
ASKS FROM GERMANY
Reparation for Injuries
Future Guarantees-She Says to America:
"Don't Be Too Generous"
By Stephane Lauzanne.
(Editor-in-Chief of Le Matin,
mem.
ber of the French High Commis
sion.) If at this' hour, when the dreadful
nightmare Is passing away, mutilateJ
France could make another appeal to
America, her sister and friend, she
would say to her: "Don't be too gen
erous." Every one will admit that through
out her long and troublous history
France has always been the land of
chivalry, generosity and humanity.
Even in tnis atrocious war, when it
came to hand-to-hand fighting in the
trenches, she- still felt pity.
I shall never forget, on the battle
field of the Marne, at the village of
Etrepilly, plundered, sacked and
burned down by the Huns, those
zouaves who were sitting beside some
German wounded on a small square.
In heir own glasses they poured out
a little cordial for their prisoners;
they gave them their last cigarettes.
One of them had been taken, as If he
were his brother, the head of a
wounded German in his left hand to
support it With his right hand, very
carefully, he was giving him a drink, j
1 pointed the scene out to a German
major and said to him: 1
"Seel That is war at least its
war as we understand it."
At Rheims, while the cathedral was
cn fire the work of German shells
French Sisters of Chanty threw them
selves into the flames to save Ger
man wounded. .That also was war as
we understand it. And today, after
four years of a horrible struggle, we
can face the entire world ana say
that if there is blood on our hands
there is one on our conscience.
And yet we call out to America:
"Don't be too generous."
Two imperious and inexorable
duties are before us: France must
have reparation; France must have
guarantees.
France must have reparation, for
seven of her departments equal in
area and wealth to the state of New
York have been laid waste, burned
down and razed. Three hundred and
fifty thousand bouses have been brok
en into, pulled down and shattered
into bits, and it has been computed
that merely to rebuild them it would
require an army of 100,000 men work
ing for about 20 years. Who is to
furnish that army? France? No, but
the destroyers and incendiaries. Of
course they will protest, and implore,
and complain that it is sentencing
German youth to hard labor. They
will try to soften the hearts of neutral
countries. In the name of common
fairness, should they be listened to,?
Those 350,000 houses contained
some 500,000 beds, mhich were either
stolen or destroyed, and 1,000,000
Frenchmen at present have no roof
over their heads, not even a pallet
on which to sleep. So we shall have
to go to the thieves and plunderers
and take the 500,000 beds and bedding
we need. More cries, more com
plaints, more lamentations. The
women of Germany will say it is in
human, that war is being continued
after war is over; they will cable to
the women of America. (And even
as I write these lines the news comes
that they have done so.) In the name
of common fairness, should they be
listened to?
The mines of northern France have
teen scientifically and cleverly tam
pered with, filled with water, or de
stroyed. Not a ton of coal can be
extracted from Lens for another two
years. Meanwhile who will supply
France with the coal she so badly
needs? England? No, why should it
be England? It will be Germany who
should have left those mines alone.
And of course Germany will protest
that she is being deprived of her fuel,
and that after having been starved
she is being frozen. She will appeal
to the world and to humanity, in the
SICK AND WOUNDED PRISONERS ARE ON
57
-
One term of the armistice called
for the immediate release of Amer
ican and allied prisoners from Ger
man camps. The American pris
oners are now bound lor home.
of the War and Abo for
1 1 ame of con.mon fairness, should she
be listened to?
There is on thing France cannot
do, and that is to distinguish between
the German government and the Ger
man people. In 1914, it was undolbt
edly tne German government, that
hurled itBelf at the throats of France
and Belgium, and humanity and de
mocracy, but it was also the. German
people. And when, on the 3d of Au
gust, 1914, speaking before the reich
stag, that is, before the people of Ger
many, Bethmann-Hollweg mads his
abominable statement "Yes, we have
Invaded Belgium and this is against
international law, but we are in a
state of necessity and necessity
knows no law," not a. shudder, not a
tremor shook that people; not a cry
of indignation was raised. In 1915, it
was undoubtedly the kaiser and Tlr
pitz wh) ordered the sinking of the
Lusitania, but when that crime be
came known, it was the people of
Germany who howled with joy ana
shouted with enthusiasm in every
corner of the empire. For four years,
it was undoubtedly the military caste
of Germany and the German general
staff who allowed thieving and plun
dering and authorized their men to re
move everything they could rrom Bel
gium and France, but the robbery and
plunder profited the German people.
When in July. 1918, the American
boys entered Chateau-Thierry, they
found stacks of parcels ready for ship
ment, containing all the linen, silver
and jewelry of the unfortunate inhabi
tants. To whom were those parcels
addressed? Not to the kaiser, but to
the women of Germany, to the old
men of Germany, to the people of
Germany, who were the accomplices
and beneficiaries of all this syste
matic house-breaking.
And here is an example of how the
German people appreciated these rob
beries. Here is a letter recently for
warded to me and which was found
on a German officer made prisoner
by the French troops:
Mansbach, July 3.
I have safely received the 21 par
cels and many thanks for them. 1
wish you could have been there on
Saturday at the unpacking of the five
parcels, which I received together, to
hear the remarks made at the sight
of the pretty drawers, the petticoat,
the shirt, the little bonnet, and the
shirtwaist. One could see that they
came from well-to-do people. It would
be best if you could go back to such j
places Mpu might find, more thing.,.
Everything is useful to us.
YOUR MOTHER.
" Such a letter, which no American
woman, no French woman would have
ever written or signed, feives a little
ide t of the character rf the people we
are dealing with.
There must be reparation, or it
would be enough to make one despair
of justice on earth. There must be
punishment, or it will all begin over
again.
France must have guarantees, and
in all organized societies guarantee
against the repetition of a crime is
obtained by punishing the culprit. .
The German people have committed a
series of crimes; the German people
must pay the price. The lightest
punishment that can be inflicted is to
allow them to suffer some of the eviis
they have inflicted on others
And this is why, speaking America,
for whom we have a deep and abiding
affection, America to whom we are
henceforth bound ' by ties of eternal
friendship, America with whom we
have twice fought 6ide by side for
the noblest of ideals, we say to her,
"For GoJ's sake don't be tooo gen
erous.
Whaf America wants we want a3
bady as she does. We want this hor
ror to be the last, we want free people
to live free under the flag of liberty,
we want our children and the children
of our children to live proudly and
happily and to enjoy the fruits of thio
Vti
"
American prisoners on way home.
Many of the prisoners were wound
ed or pick. Their more fortunate
comrades helped them on the jour
ney. The seriously wounded and
sick were taken to American base
earth without fearing a return of such
abominations. Uul for this j istii a is
needed, and there is no justice when
the guilty go unpunished.
The spirit of revenge must find no
entrance to our hjaris. There is no
room for hatred. No revenge and no
hatred but neither must there be
weakness. We have no right tr be
weak. Our dead forbll it. And the
voice of our dead should be heard
above all others. From their graves,
over which the earth has barely closed
we can hear them say, "Justice!
Don't be too generous."
GERMANS MUST PAY
BRITISH MILLIONS
DURING EACH YEAR
LONDON BANKER ESTIMATES
HUNS MUST PAY OVER SEVEN
BILLIONS IN REPARATION FOR
WAR LOSSES TO BRITAIN BE
SIDES MANY OTHER CHARGES
LONDON, Nov. 18, (Correspondence
of the Aeqeciated Press.) One Lon
don banker -estimates that Germany
will have to pay to the allies for repa
ration and - restitution about $7,500.-
000,000. Calculated on a 5 per cent
basis, with a 1 pef cent sinking fund
this would' mean an annual charge on
the German revenue of $450,000,000.
He says there can be no question of
Germany's . ability - to meet this demand-.!
r ' v
It is impossible, he says, discussing
the subject in a newspaper article, to
arrive at any approximate figure as to
damages and robberies in the invaded
territory. "For Belgium," the article
continues, "I would put tne amount of
indemnity at $1,400,000,000 of which
sum levies on Belgian towns account
for something like $500,000,000. I
know of another estimate for Belgium
which is as high aB $2,000,000,000, and
a Belgian of some authority estimates
the amount at $800,000,000." ,
With regard to France he says one
cannot reckon the loss suffered, "but
considering that the war has been
waged for the most part on French
territory, and in the center of her in
dustrial area, we may put the figure
at $2,000,000,000."
Italy's damage is computed at $150,-
000,000. The same amount is set as
Rumania's bill, including the loss of
quantities of food stuffs and damage
to oil wells and other property. He
thinks that $50,000,000 would cover
Serbia's loss, and a like sum probably
would reimburse England for damages
caused by air raids and bombard
ments. Shipping losses are then discussed.
I estimate," he says, "the loss of
ships in figures of tonnage at $9,000
000, and, taking the average value of
$200 a ton, this would figure out at
$1,800,000,000. Adding the total value
or cargoes at, say, $300,000,000, we
have - the total of $2,700,000,000 for
Great Britain alone. The shipping
losses of the allies I estimate at ?500,
000,000.
"I have heard an estimate which
places the total of the bill against Ger
many at $10,000,000,000 which, like ray
own calculation, is of course to some
extent necessarily hypothetical. But I
would put the figure myself at $7,500,
000,000, which does not include any
part of the cost of the war."
Regarding Germany's finances, he
calls attention to the last pre-war
budget presented to the reichstag,
which showed a revenue of $S75.000.
000. The estimate for the army was
$292,500,000, and for the navy $107.
500,000 total $400,000,000.
"Eliminating the expenditure for
armaments," the article goes cn, "this
would allow Germany to pay approxi-
mately the interest and sinking fund
on the $7,500,000,000 compensation,
leaving the balance of revenue, what
ever it might be, to meet the cost of
conducting the empire and paying the
interest on her loans, which amounted
early in the present year to $27,000,
000,000, a sum which has, of course,
been substantially increased since."
In order to meet the allies' hill of
damages, the writer says, "it may Imj
that Germany would have to suspend
payment of interest on her own war
loans I don't say she would repudiate
this obligation." ,
THEIR WAY HOME
r " Ji4'? .o 'Sv'
a.
hospitals until thpy are able to
travel. The photo shows some of
the well American prisoners help
ing their disabled brotheis to a
case hospital.
MIGHT NICK
ffsynwu ; " urn jniiiinii urn n .111 n 1 mi ..m.jmi mn 1 TJTT j jisJAssZ J
, f.::;;v3fe-::: :mr Ttv" '
-nuslir'ell
n
GAVE SPLENDID
ill
'
.
Many oons or lhis otate Were
Killed ,or Wcunded n1
Frartr Unrlrr fonrJitlor"? I
Reflecting Credit cn Stale
PHOKX1X, Ariz., Dec. 14. From ;
abroad has come word that many of '
the Arizona men were in the Ia-?t of
ti.e fighting, but that the Arizona Na
tional Guard regiment, the 158th, did!.
not get an opportunity fto go into ac-1
tinn a3 an organization. Ii was a
part of the lines for dt-pot and re
placement purposes.
A 01
HEROES
ACCOUNT IN WAR
There seemed, however, to hav i gfcIierai foreman in the employ of the
been a policy of attaching officers Kay consolidated company at Hay
from the division to front-line organ-!(jcn di;d when a German 6h-;!l blew
izations, for practice and experience ' tj,e top lronl a t-,, jn w.i,ich he was
and thus mony of the commissioned operating a machine gun, advancing
Arlzonans have seen actual battle , against the enemy line,
service. . j t'Grp. Charles M. Dewey, a great
At least a part of the 340th artillery nephew of Admiral Dewey, was killed
went on the line early in the Ameri-' in Fiance on his 21,st birthday anni
can campaign. TJiis regiment was ( versary. He had had his home in
organized at Camp Funston and had Los Angeles, yet had worked in the
a large number of Arizona members, ! Jerome mines and had enlisted in the
despite a heavy draft upon them for. Arizona regiment, from which he .had
the Arizona infantry at Camp Kearny. I been sent on several recruiting trips.
Thus it happens that most of the He is understood to have married in
casualties reported, have been of Ari- France.
zona men who ha volunteered early; Corp -viark A jicore of Flagstaff,
In the war and who were in inany dy on tlie linP in praI1(.c in the
subdivisions of the expeditionary signaI rorps, the ikhvs rectied by
forces. - jms parents within a few days arter
Though no body has been reported, they had buried his elder brother.
there now appears no doubt of the
death of Lt. Frank Luke, the young cemp. Mark had had Mexican bor
aviator from Phoenix, who potte'i der service with the Arizona regiment,
three balloons in the last flight that I George F. Allen, killed in the 340th
took him into the unknown. I artillery, was secretary of the Ari-
Possibiy with fully as large a ile-'zona School of Music in Phoenix,
gree of glory was the death of Pri-jCorp. John Rasaiussen, missing, was
vate liothrock of Lchi, son of a pio- a local V. M. C. A. man, a duiry ex
neer Phoenix photographer. He had pert, with former military service la
been in France nine months and was Denmark. Joseph H. Morris, also of
a mechanic in an aviation replacement the o40th, killed in France, formerly
station. jwas with the Issuer company in Jle'a.
Burned to Death (Another missing Mesa man is St.
While at work on the wing of a
machine, a comrade started the en
gine, probably without design. After
a short and overbalanced flight, the
machine crashed to the ground. Roth
rock, uninjured, rose frojji where he
Jiad been thrown and ran to the res
rue of the -man strapped In the seat.
Pvt. Ar'hur Worden of Kdna, Cat. P.e
fore Worden could be hauled from the
wreckage, cue of tiie gasoline tank.-'
exploded and both men were the
I center of it torrent of fire. French
I soldiers gallantly r:m to the rescue
to find o:den rWd and Rc.throck in
i such, a condition thnt he died soon
'after re-telling the hospital.
I Still indefinite word is recrhed c f
I I he clesr'i in ac tion in Franc- or Hii st
Lt. James Iliglcy. siadiiule c.f a tram
ling camp and assigned to the; infantry.
lit is und'Tstood lie whs charging i-.l
itlie lime, !n coni'm.ici of n come
p v. !
j!le was a graduate of Phoenix limit
- school and of Stanford, son of S. W.
i'iulcy of this city, a runner owner of
jilie morning Republican. He was a
'yon.ig man of re, luirkable .promise.
, I.I. Moruati Mel le molt, mi of l',i;t.
William "dcli'iiiiitt (,f Tucson, h.'s
died ef wounds rec-cixcci -n citi'Hi. il1'
was a graduate of the l-'t. Pen.ii .,i:.;
Harrison triiniim cair.p ai.d was serv
iwi uich C'c Sccp'ti eegliicer p-gl-incut,
i le attended the L'nixeisity of
HIM BUT. NOTHING CAN STOP HIM
I Arizona for a year, later graduating in
; electricity from Cornell.
I In the Argonne forest fight was
I killed First Lt. JosepJi Swift of the
machine gun company of the 302nd in
jfantry. Ho was son of Forest Super
visor T. T. Swift of Safford. Aft.r
graduation from the Los Angeles Poly-!
i . 1. .. ; Li.h V. , e n . -. uAl
itiiiv. iii.u diii mil ivi a jtrat, uit
was manual training teacher in his
home town until he left for the bor- j
der with the Safford company of thei
(Arizona national guard. As a sorge-l
; ant he was ordered to the officers'
-training sc.'iool at the Presidio, San!
'Francisco. j
Among the wounded, of Arizonanf.l
are Capt. E. M. Robinson cf Flas-!
staff. Capt. Nelson of Mortnci. Lt. I
riuumru .woeur oi lempe, son oi ine
Arizona land commissioner, and Lt.
A. I. WinsPtt. formerly a Tucson at
torney. . All have been noted as im
proving. A di.stingulshpd service cn;.-; will
go to the rolatives of Corp. Harry
Horgan of Congress Junction, killed
while trying to rescue a wounded
comrade from an open field tfciit was
s'.vept by enemy machine-gun fire.
He was found beside the man he tried
to save.
1 Norman E. Griffin, who had been
who died of pneumonia at a coast'
Wilbur It. Chapman. James H. I e:r
i of Globe, a native of that city, died
while serving wit'i the lSth field ur-
. tillery.
Li the "0th field artillery was Ra
phael Carlos of Flagstaff, killed in
one of the last battles. Cpl. Fred
Hilhiirn of Phoenix is dead of wounds
received in action.
i The death list. f-.iJtigh here, far
I from complete, also includes Pee
j Simpson of Flagstalf, Vice nte Ociioa
I of Seotlsdalu. .1. W. Collins of M--
Allister. Fr
Kug'-r.io u.
ran is Saliin of St. David.
I.opi . of Willr ox. ( !v cl
U Miller of PI o-ti:. .Mfr. clo Sailado
of Tii'scn, Jose S. Dinan of Wins
low, Nic-N Cosc-lsicos of Miami. Kns
taci :. l!al! of Chlorido and V. W.
IHI'V ii SincMliiii
(.1.,
Two
hiinclr-l and litt
ciouinci s lrcjo. .oicl, i-invni nt-n-
last niht tc relieve !: 1 went sec
ond battalion. The c oi:ip.ni i.-, miciec
the (-..inniand el Captain l.iiiclii u-t..
an I is known as Company U. Third
Cni.ecl Slates infanlrv. It Is uiid'T
scood the guard will lea; e Mond.cx
ii'.oi iiinu lor Fort S ua Ilo'iston to :e
m;.stc;id out. Soil;-.' c: the boys wii!
be .-t in to Kmiscvcl a. id ti.-ailite ii'ee'
an I a.i-'i li"t- to l!;n. A permanent
ui'lilary oct ill prol-aMv b" .n.ii.i-taii-.cd
in this distric t
SO
THE
PALMS
A complete line of the very best makes of
candies will be found here.
McWHORTER'S BISBEE-MADE
CHOCOLATES
KING'S BRAZIL NUTS
KING'S NUT TRIO
KING'S FRU NUT
MATTHEW'S ASST. CHOCOLATES
CHOCOLATE SHOP ASSORTED
CHOCOLATES
WATKINS COLONIAL CHOCOLATES
CORCORAN'S CHOCOLATES AND
BONBONS
The only place in town carrying a com
plete line of Fresh Made Bulk Chocolates.
THE PALMS,
Home of the "Fountain Beautiful."
MAIN STREET
A HOME YOU
0 r' .-"i(i
City Bye Works SI
PHONE 739
i Review Want Ads Bring Results
'AMERICAN Y WORKER
! RELIEVED CONDITION
OUR WAR PRISONERS
k
PERMITTED TO REMAIN BEHIND
j IN GERMANY WHEN MOST OTH
j ERS OF HIS NATIONALITY
i WERE FORCED TO LEAVE HE
WORKED FOR OUR MEN
Illy Kvi-w I.-.isfJ Wlrf)
PARKS. Nov. 18 The condition of
American war prisoners in German
prison crimps was to some extent ame
liorated by the ork of Conrad Hoff
man, an American Y. M. C. A. worker,
who was permitted to remain In Ber
lin after most other Americans either
had left or had been Interned.
Hoffman convinced the German gov
ernment that the more he was allowed
to do for the American prisoners m
Germany the -better would fare Ger
man prisoners in American hands. He
was allowed to employ neutrals as his
assistants on bis promise that mem
bers of his organization would not act
as Bpies or propagandists, but solely
to improve the physical and mental
welfare of the prisoners.
Largely through Hoffman's efforts,
it is now stated, prisoner's help com-
! mittees were organized In all prison
camps In Germany containing Amer
icans and their needs were communi
cated to Mr. Hoffman, who forwarded
them to A. C- Harte, international Y.
M. C. A. secretary In Berne, Switzer-
, land.
Both the Red Cross and the Y. M.
' C. A. co-opprated in supplying the
j prisoners with food, clothing, money
1 and other necessaries, operating
' through that channel. Many letters
1 have been received at Y. M. C. A.
headquarters in Paris from the Amer
i lean prisoners of war in Germany
testifying to the receipt of this aid.
1 .
" Negotiations with the bolsheviki is
1 bound to be a messy affair.
The only good feature of the "flu"
' is the fact that it goes just aa rapid
i ly as it comes.
WILL ENJOY
Fire proof, sound proof,
fuel save r. Coits less
then brick or concrete.
BUILD WITH GYPSUM
BLOCKS
A'ii?na Gypsum Plaster
Co. Douglas, Arizona
Sole n auufacturerj of pure
(ipsi:ia Blocks. Office
and plint, one block west
of freight depot. Phone 51.
'
CLEANING
AND
PRESSING
Opposite Y. W. C. A.
"Jf -A
--v
Th
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1918.
IWllVlSM Jm$$& " .
, i. jta . i i .. i -t L -wni-- ' ' r ! r - - , , - , ri - -
Italic ttis ,.f-fff
rf
was
A Red Cross Cliristmassurely no other kind of Cliristmas
could so perfectly express liuman and humane interest. A
Red Cross Christmas is a Christmas of service you'll want
to have a part in such a day.
A Christmas list without a place for the Red
Cross is a heartless, selfish list. A man who
does not give freely and largely is a cold, cal
culating, heartless individual.
The Red Cross is an institution of service. It
is an organization devoted to humanity. Its
first thought is solace, service and succor. Its
spirit is the spirit of Christmas.
Your'e apt to think of the Red Cross only for
its war activities. That would be a slighting
appraisal. Wherever there is struggle, trouble
and strife, you will find the Red Cross.
Wherever catastrophe, befalls a community,
the Red Cross brings physical and mental re
lief. Wherever there are homeless souls, the
Red Cross works for their relief .
The Red Cross is the world's greatest charity.
It has ho boundary lines its services are not
limited by geographical confines its service
is universal and unlimited.
America owes it much. Our sons sing its
glories.. They revere and respect it they
know it truly as "the greatest mother on
earth". Give all that your heart dictates.
Your heart alone should be your guide.
is Soao
UU11M.-1UU
j 1
Phelps
Dodg
Corporation
FIVE THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1918.
SIX
U. S. Has Been Party to Four
International Peace Conferences
provided for U.e adjustment of other
existing disputes. Tie tlerman emper
or was immed as arbiter in tin noith
western boundary ciuestion.
The Alabama claims arbitrators met
at Geneva. September 13. 1x71.
Charles raiicis Adams represented
the Inked States: Italy, Hrazil and
son to know ,:. ily where he can fit
into the work for which he or she has;
repined, it st'em that here and
now is ihe lime a:id phice for ever
on! to set into the educational pro-,
gruni and count one in putting our
country af t!e very lore front in this
period of reconstruction, now just
Uo submit this issue and others to ne-
Jthe Swiss Confederation, as well as just lav. iiini! on us.
Kt'gland, were represented.
.1 eotiation. The Treaty of Washing-
First Treaty With Great Britain Wa$ Concluded by CommiS- ten. with Hamilton Fish, K. R. Hoar, The outcome was a compromise
. t . . r ... .. ii j Justice Samuel Nelson. Robert C. award of It.VOOO.oOO to American
sioners or Loneress. rSerore an American Constitution naa c,.i.uni,b , cpr,,, wuHanis. as claimants. No peace conference has
BOYS'
Apparently
Come Into Existence or the First President Had Been Elect J :rti ;,
ed; Ben Franklin Our Greatest Statesman
ever handled a problem more vexa-
ions and few have handled problems
jtration of the Alabama claims andof greater nelicac.
(New York Sun)
The list of peace conferences with
.foreign nations, exclusive of Indian
"tribes, to which the United States as
a belligerent was a party reduces
strictly to the following; .
The peace of Paris, after the revo
lution. '. i
The peace -if- Ghent, with Crpat
Britain, arter the war of 1S12.
Tie peace of Guadalupe Hidalgo
with" Mexico. 4u 1S48.
The peace of Paris after the war
with Spain.
Of some pertinence, however, are
the peace treaties forced on us by
the Barbary pirates, 1796-97. and by
us on them 20 years later; and the
peace convention with France made in
1S0O. Technically in the latter case,
we had not been at war, even though
our frigate Constellation had captured
the French frigate Insurgente and had
destroyed another. La Vengeance.
And it seems worth while to review
the circumstances of the Geneva ar
bitration with Great Britain.
Our Independence Recognized .
Our peace with Great Britain after
the Revolution was concluded by com
missioners of Congress under the art
icles of confederation, and of course
before an American president or con
stitution existed. Washington simply
was commander-in-chief. The provis
ional treaty was signed at Paris, No
vember 30. 1782, the definite treaty
September 3, 1783. General Washing
tion having declared cessation of hos
tilities in January. 1783.
The American commissioners in the
first conference were John - Adams,
Frankliu.'Jay and Henry Laurens; in
the second the same without Laur
ens. The four main questions in both
were the boundaries of the Cnited
States, fishing rights off Newfound
land, the payment of private debts of
American citizens to British and com
pensation by the Cnited States to
British loyalists (Tories) whose prop
erty had been confiscated by the col
onies during the war.
It is unlikely that there will ever
be an American peace commission of
gTeater ability than this one. Frank
lin, our representative at Paris, had
won for the struggling colonies the
invaluable friendship and aid of the
French government. John Adams was
to be president. Jay to be chief jus
tice of the United States supreme
court, Laurens was a former presi
dent of the tontinental congress, and
he had been sent to Holland to ne
gotiate a commercial treaty during the
war, but falling into the hands of
the British, had been imprisoned In
the Tower of London for 15 months.
Dispute With France Ended
Our convention of peace, commerce
and navigation with France, which
September 30. 1S00. ended a war that
was not a war. was negotiated for
the United States by Oliver Ellsworth.
William Richard Davie and William
Vans Murray. The quarrel, on the
French side, was a legacy from the
directory ot Napoleon's first consul
ate. The change in the French govern
ment made jmssible a reconciliation
without formal progress into war. By
the convention France recognized tne
rights of neutral vessels and prom
ised indemnity for her navy's depre
dations. Denepding on what historian
you read, America's success in the
ocnference was mainly the work of
Ellsworth or that of Muray.
John Adams, federalist, was presi
dent at the time. The vice-president
was Jefferson.
Two of President Adams' commis
sioners, Ellsworth, who had just re
signed the ofifce of chief justice, and
Murray, who had been Washington's
minister to The Nethrelands. were
strong federalists. Davie, English
born, a former governor of TCorfth
Carolina and a veteran of the Revolu
tion, seems to have been a free lance
in early politics. The scene of the
conventioa was Paris.
The Barbary Negotiations
The original treaties with the Bar
bary Powers were made in the clos
ing years of the Eighteenth century.
The United States did what the Euro
pean nations were doing, as a matter
of course, slgnea agreements iu vj
had teen originally m opposition to
Madison in politics. loiter he had
come into accord with Madison's gov-'
eminent.
ftayard was another former Feder
alist, but he was the man who liau
brought about Jefferson's victory over
Aaron Burr, when that presidential
election was thrown into the house
of representatives. Clay was a con
spicuous Madieoman. and so was Gal
lr.tin. the eminent financier. Russell
was a second Massachusetts commis
sioner of . Madisonian partisanship.
Ten years later he was elected to
congress as a democrat, in the pres
ent day party sense.
The Peace of Ghent
For the achievement of our commis
sion much of the credit has always
been given Clay. The best opinion
nowadays overshadows him with Gal
latin. The late Henry Adams, grand
son of the American chairman on the
occasion and a conscientiously just
New England historian, writes:
"Far more than contemporaries ever
supposed or than is now imagined,
the Treaty of Ghent was the especial
work and the peculiar triumph of
Mr. Gallatin." .
Since that day. before wireless, be
fore trans-Atlantic cables and when a
fast clipper with favorable winds
spoiled a month in crossing the ocean,
it was impossible for Washington to
keep in touch. with its commission, the
commissioners had to De ramer mi
nutely instructed before sailing and
much more had to be left to their
judgment and discretion than is neces
sary today.
They were a striking assortment.
Bayard was a deft politician. In a lim
ited sense. Adams was second to no
body in intellect. Clay was a sort of
American Cicero, an orator, of great
personal charm and fine persuasive
power alter to be known as "The
Great Compromiser." Catlatin, on
character, should have been the man
to do what Henry Adams claims for
him. He united appropriate ability
with appropriate personality.
Treaty Made Without Authority
The"peaee with Mexico, concluded in
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, was
a curious specimen of such negotia
tions. The lone hand American com
missioner was Nicholas Philip Trist.
chief clerk of the state department
under President Polk, and. like Polk,
!a thorougngoiiiK unuuviai o -....-
crats are today. There was nouuns
very intricate to negotiate with Mex
ico. We had gone to war to establish
, hnnndarv at the Rio Grande, as
aeainst the Mexican contention for the
VtiecPR
The peace that was made not only
satisfied our government as to that
portion of the boundary but also fixed
the remainder of it, giving us New
Mexico and what was then called up
per California.
Trist's iob was to make those stipu
lations and conclude a treaty yielding
to them. He first met Santa Anna's
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOURG
HEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
DEPARTMENT.
the hush si place in.
town during the punt week has hee!
the boys' department. Every mem
ber Seems to be chucked full of pe;.
trying their best to make up for the
lime that old man "flu" beat them
out of. Gym rl;isset have started off
with a hnom. Ill th verv near future
i I there should be some lively contests
between the hoys in Ihe way of box-
I iiR', wrestling oml such. There is
'jsom" talk of a bis indoor circus early,
1 in the r;priiis. Of course, the gym
work will be handicapped until we
'. ! line up a physic al director. Let us
S j hope that it will not he long.
After being placed under a very
rigid auarantine for over two months,
the "Y" building is at last thrown
open to its many members, much to
their pleasure. The management of
the association took advantage of the
quarantine, and any needed repairing
that h&d to be done took place during
the quarantine, so that after its lifting I The educational committee is in re
the fliany members would more than 1 ceipt of 30 names of those who have
ever enjoy the numerous privileges J already applied at Tombstone for citi-
of the building. I zenship papers, and it is understood
that a large number in tne uarren
interest in trying to incuie all our
foreign population to come to tne hih
school to participate in the Anuri
caniation class, so that they may a:c
soon as possible be rea.ly to take
the examination, get their papers , and
become genuine Americans.
The Practical Mining course, given
by the educational department of the
Phelps Dodge corporation to all em
ployes of the Copper Queen branch,
will hold its classes at the Y. M. C. A.
building on Wednesday and Thursday
district are intending to apply, but
have not yet done so. The examina
tion is to be held March 11 or 12.
1919. It gives a length of time that
will enable every applicant to thor
oughly qualify himself by entering
Foot bail did not come into its own
this season. If old man "Flu" will
oniy let be. basketball Should go
:reat. There is some talk of having
tin lhter-Snnday School Basketball
league. The idea would be for each
Sunday school to furnish a team for
the league. A cup or some such
trophy will more tnan likely be of
fered for the winning team.
n
i :
ft
-a
afternoons from 1:30 to z:m, an tne naturalization ciass wcicn win db
Wednesday and Thursday nights from I started in the very near future at the
1 to 8. 1Y. M. C. A. building. A fine testi-
Jmonlal to the efficiency of this class
Henry Aiken left Tuesday evening is apparent in the fact that every np-
for Brooklyn. N. Y-, on another ex-' plicant who took the examination last
tended business trip in the interest
of the Canion Air Brake association
after spending a few days in the dis
trict. He expects to be gone several
weeks.
The volley ball classes have again
started in full swing with a number
of new members added to the list ! dicated that these examinations would
Much interest is being displayed and J be held at the Bisbee "Y," and that
the prospects for some good volley credits for same would be recognized
ball tournaments are bright, although I by the examining, officer. .'o effort
it will require .oi'siderahle practice, will be spared to give to every
a nn account of the extended quar- student who wishes to become an
September passed with colors flying.
It only needs on the part of the appli
cant regular attendance upon the ses
sions of this class, the hours of which
will be announced in the very near
future, and attention to the instruc
tors. It is understood that Judge
Lock wood at the last examination in-
amine, many of the members have
gotten" a little out of practice. The
business men's volley ball class Is
held Tuesday and Friday evenings
from 5 to 6 and the 8 o'clock volley
ball class is held on the same eve
nings from 8 to 9. Classes in basket
ball are being organized and are to
be held on Monday and Tuesday of
each week.
Theodore Nyman, who has been
visiting his parents on a furlough,
left last week alter receiving a tele
gram to report .immediately for duty.
His many boy friends of the boys' de
partment were glad to see him and
talk over with him some of his very
exciting experiences since his enlist
ment in the United States navy.
American citizen every bit of effi
cient N help that it is possible to
render by the instructors and the edu
cational director, Mr. Bowles. To all
who desire to enter this class, name
should be left at the office at the
earliest possible time.
Mr. Blohm has asked to be relieved
from dutv i.i the French work of the
night school, and the classes will
hereafter for a time, at least, be taught
by Mr. Slndeband, who is an experi
enced teacher and interpreter in
French as well as Spanish.
Not only is basketball going to go t-,
fine, but the bowling alleys in thrt
past weeK nave ueeii utnuuniii iiut
fellows simply crazy to get a ball in,
their hand, the ni-.-h school boys ex-1
pect to have their bow ling team in :
first-class shape in a very short time.
The boys have never been permittej
to use the alleys during the past sea-
sons, but this year the older boys w ill ',
be permitted in the alley. j
At a recent conference held in
Douglas, it was decided that the an
ivial Biibee-DoU'-;!as new year's race
be postponed for ihis year. The rea
son for postponing the race was thatjr
Douglas is under a very strict quar
antine and will be until January 1.
John Hrownlie, chairman of the ath-
letic committee, is planning to have a .
big cross-country run New i ear's
morning. It ha? been a long time
since itisbee has had such a run, and
no doubt a great many boys will reg
ister for the race. Such a race will
help fill up the day. but, of course, it
cannot supplant the relay race. In
the evening the boya will stage a
number of boxing and wrestling
eents in the gym.
A SERIES OF
LITTLE TALKS ABOUT
YOUR
THE Springs on your Ford were made
to last a long while. They are tested
to bear over their normal load.
CjBut there are two things they can't
stand rust and dirt. The steel that CAN
withstand the deteriorating effect of those
two evils hasn't yet been made.
Keep your springs clean wipe them
frequently and thoroughly with an oily
rag. Squirt a litle oil between the leaves.
And every once in a while it will pay
you to itake ,the springs apart and oil
their entire surface. fc
CI If you don't want to do that job your
self, let us do it. It means longer life to
your springs and more comfort for you.
Hood & Bledsoe
Phone 686 Bisbee
The motion picturegoers of the Y.
M. C. A. will be glad to hear that
once more they will be able to enjoy
a Saturday night entertainment at th3
"Y." Five reels of motion pictures,
consisting of three reels of drama, one
reel of educational, and one reel of
comedv will be featured Saturday
nisht. December 21. All are invited
are free of charge.
L. T. Frazier. one of our much
esteemed members, and an employe
in the general office of the Copper
Queen Mining company, was married
last Monday to Miss Mary Uren, a
young lady of many charms, and left
for a short honeymoon trip to Phoe
nix. We extend to Mr. Frazier our
hearty congratulations and will be
glad to welcome his return to Bis
bee, and to the "Y," where he has
made many friends.
comtnissioners in the summer of 1847, !to attend these entertainments, which
but failed to come to an agreement
and fighting was resumed. At Christ
mas time. 1S47, Scott's army took the
City of Mexico and Santa Anna re
signed the Mexican presidency.
Trist, then, without authority ex
cept Scott's, resumed negotiations,
procured the treaty that was wanted
and took it back to Washington. Polk
submitted it to Senate on Feb",ar
23. and ratification came on March 16.
After the Spanish War ,
Our treaty of peace with Spain was
concluded at.Paris, December 10, 1S98
The American commissoiners were
William R, Day, late secretary of
state, chairman: Senator Cushman K.
navis William P.
Gray, and Whitelaw Reid. All but one
of the men oppomtea ny -wenamej
were of his own party. Senator Gray
was a democrat.
Spain relinquished sovereignty over
Cuba, ceded Porto Rico, the Philip
pines and Guam, and received 20,
000.000. The arbitration of the Alabama
claims, made possible by the Treaty
of Washington, which was concluded
May 8, 1871, was not the end of the
war. but it removed from our inter
national affairs a dangerous dispute
Stephen B. Picelich., one of our old
members, who has been in the service
Frye and George , of -ncje Sam for some time, returned
last week, and immediately upon his
return to the district renewed his
membership in the association, where
be was greeted by the "Y" secretaries.
blackmail tribute money, in return fori Thjg aroge from tne fact that Con
Immunity for our commerce in the federate commerce destroying cruis
TMediterranean. These agreements I fittprt out in English ports
were handled on the American 8fdean(j BUffr(,d t0 f0 raiding with no
by American consuls or meir oi-puu (sufficient
as agents plenipotentiary. ine arBfjriais-.
Interference by British of-
interesting documents, with an Orient-!
al efflorescence added to tne tormai-
lty of all the older diplomatic pnras
The Alabama was the most famous
of these cruisers. She destroyed or
rantured more than seventy Federal
ine Our president. In a preamme, is ( tnr-,i,ntmin. Others did nearly as
"most distinguished among those hojmucn harm. Recognition of the con
federacy was a political issue in ureai
irritain. The American minister,
Charles Francis Adams, son of John
nrnfesR the religion of the Messiah.
and for his people the hope is uttered,
"may the end '"be happy."
Later, we tired of piracy ana mac-lQUjncv Adams, was forced to carry on
mail. American ; squadrons attended iR pro,racted diplomatic duel with Lord
to the P ar ha rj-. coast, and between j John ,,5,11. the premier, in the mat
1805 and 181. when Decatur finally tcr of the Confederate cruiser,
made the trholething sure, treaties The Confederacy Unrecognized
were made. With -the Deys and Ba- After his protest concerning the Ala
shaws. ibama the Russell government began
The Ghent Commissioners jto conform to our views, although
The peace of Ghent was concluded there was a time, with formidable
December 24. 1814. The United states ironclads building for the conretier
commission appointed .by President
Madison, who was a Jeffersonian
democrat-republican, included John
Ouincy Adams, then our minister to
ates quite openly on the Clyrtr when
Mr. Adams was driven the length or
saying. "It would he superfluous in
me to point out to your lordship that
Russia; James A. Bayard. ex-I nited this means war."
States senator; Henry Clay, speaker i The ironclads mentioned never left
of the house: Albert Gallatin, ex-secretary
of the treasury, and Jonathan
Russell, our minister to Norway and
Sweden.
John Quinry Adams was a former
federalist and from Massachusetts, a
strong federalist stale. Thstjs, ha
port. The Confederacy was not rec
ognized. American shippers made
claims aggregating a large sura
against Great Britain for her laxity
in the matter.
In President Grant's term a pro
posal was made by a British delegate
At last the quarantine is lifted,
much to the pleasure of the Bisbee
bowlers, and although many of our
old star bowlers have left town, some
of whom are in the service of Uncle
Sam, there are several new bowlers
who have taken great interest in
bowling, and if indications count for
anything., some are going to be excel
lent bowlers, and although Douglas
is very anxious to win the trophy in
the -tournament to be held Saturday
night, December 21, they will have to
w-ork harder than ever, as the Bisbee
bowlers are keeping in practice in
order to prepare themselves for the
big night. 'Only the best bowlers, or
those who make the highest score in
the dally practices, will be permitted
to enter the tournament. Names of
entrants will be published in next
Sunday's news letter.
Harold E. Ross, the school teacher,
and a very active "Y" member, as we
all know, has returned from the army
camp at Angel Island, and we are all
! glad to have him with us again. His
experiences In service are more amus
ing to us than they were to him. but
he received the benefit thereof, we
know. We understand that the Y. M.
C. A. overseas workers have been
after Friend Ross, and we know he
would be a success in the work, but
there are some very attractive op
portunities we feel it our duty to our
selves to decline. Harold has the
courage of his convictions.
The class In English for foreigners
is Just beginning a book has been
sent out by the United States govern
ment to help every man or woman
to become an American citizen. It
is hoped that everybody will take an
Some two weeks ago the number
400 was a mystery. It is no longer so, j
for now every bey in Bisbee should I
know that it means 40'i members in '
the hoys' department. The boys are I
taking a great deal of interest in the
membership campaign and Archie
Kroloff, campaign manager, assures i
us that the 400 mark will be attained. 1
James Oddonetto takes the lead in
Division No. 1, w ith Peck Ruff as a j
close second. Division No. 2, which j
is made up of the intermediate boys, j
Leslie Gil man stands first, followed by !
Eugene Cary. The baby division,
which is No. 3, and made up of the ,
The association is in receipt of a
very fine double record for the big
Edison phonograph in the lobby, do
nated by E. P. Brown, one of our ac
tive members, which is indeed, greatly ' juniors, is headed by Leo Medigovich, j
appreciated by the entire association, with Henry Stodgill and William
; Musso tying for second place. Thcj
Every night shows an increased in- merchants have been very generous, !
terest in the Hi-Y night school, as ' AI Kobey giving three first-class
shown by the attendance records, sweater coats to be used as first
With the government at Washington ; prizes. Then the Fair store, with two
holding out its hand to every citizen, ' pairs of shoes; Miller's hat store,
ssking him or her to qualify for some-' either a sweater or a pair of shoes;
thing a little better, and offering I Sc hwartz Bros., a pair of Regal shoes. ;
free help to where that very thing is With such splendid inducements as
needed., and offering to help a per- these, success is sure. '
$845.00
$845.00
F. O. B. BISBEE
Copynctac registered. 1918
How Long Will It Last?
'How
That's just another way of asking
good is your battery insulation?"
For no battery is any better than its in
sulation.
There's no doubt about it; Insulation is one
of the things that makes the Willard a longer
lived, better battery.
Every piece of Insulation that goes into
any .Willard Battery- has those features so
necessary to long battery life that is, sound
material; thorough workmanship; exacting
tests and careful inspections.
(SlLohman:&!Wright,
Battery Experts, LOWELL.
S AJComplete Service Station at Your Disposal.
CHEVROLET
THE WORLD'S LOWEST PRICED ELECTRICALLY
EQUIPPED CAR
Has been reduced from $975.00 to $345.00
The finish and equipment of this famous automo
bile is first class. In order to appreciate the extraordin
ary value embodied in the Chevrolet, you will have to
see and ride in it. Let me give you a demonstration of
this wonderful car and be convinced. Call
W. L. SMART
LOCAL AGENT PHONE 278
liioucc a. uti tuiu
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
We test, repair and re
charge storage batteries,
nd always carry a full
upply of battery parts,
new batteries and rental
batteries.
Ifif t -;Vi: .V.rfj?-fir3.i. -1
Ttf V'4-iM
COAL,
WOOD
m
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
1
it
1
y THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1918.
SEVEN
i
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advenisenients under this bead at the rate of 1 cent per word each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in next morning's paper.
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Girl tor general house
work. Phone Green 256. dh-tf
WANTED Reliable chambermaid
. and housekeeper for rooming house.
White woman preferred. Good home.
Address Box J. K., care Review. 701
WANTED An experienced waitress.
Apply French Kitchen. 666
WANTED , Experienced chamber
maid. Stag club. Mrs. D. J. Ken
nedy, proprietress. . 536
Positions Wanted
WANTED Bookkeeper wants set of
books to keep in evenings. Y., Re
. view. 658
V..k..iED Position, by good experi
,.ccU cook, middle aged, industri
ous and sober. Meals, short orders
'. or pastry. Address, A. Franke, 79
Brewery Gulch. 499
For Sale
OR SALE: Cheap, three typewriters.
No. 4 Bauer hill. 667
FOR SALE Four room bungalow,
with bath, $1000. 96 Laundry hill.
674
FOR SALE Turkeys. Stevens ranch,
three miles north of Hereford. 678
FOR RENT Three rooms in Warren.
Hogan & Seed. 6S0
FOR SALE Four room house. 110
- Moon canyon. 66S
FOR SALE Racing model bicycle,
' first .class condition. Make a desir
able Christmas present for boy. See
Glendenning at Olsen garage, Naco
road. 699
FOR SALE Modern four room house
in Warren, completely furnished
for 83000. 81000 cash, balance
monthly payments. Box 792, V'ar
ren. ' 696
FOR SALE $500 Packard piano, bar
gain price, easy terms. No interest.
W. Muir. 641
FOR SALE) Cheap, one six-room
house on car line. Tombstone can
yon. Hogan & Seed. 639
FOR SALE Racing model bicycle,
first class condition. Make a desir
able Christmas present for boy. See
Glendenning at Olsen garage, Naco
road. 636
FOR SALE One modern four room
house, completely turnisned, on Ma
son hill. Pbone Red 617, or address
Box 1687, Bisbee, Ariz. 635
FOR SALE: Furniture and lease 22
room house. New furniture, new
building, long lease. Phone 419.
' No. 700 F avenue, Douglas. Ariz. 649
FOR SALE MOTORCYCLE, twin In
dian, nearly new. Phone 348 today.
3t
FOR SALE Player piano. Most beau
tiful piano ever seen in Bisbee.
Made by Packard Piano company.
Metal tubes (not rubber), easy to
pedal. Bargain price, easy terms.
No interest. W. Muir. 560
FOR SALE Ford touring car in fine
condition, only used a year. Call at
Hood & Bledsoe garage, Johnson ad
dition, dh-tf
FOR SALE Improved rancu, good
grass land, open range. Going east,
will sell at bargain. See Hughes,
110 Opera Drive, corner Broadway
and Central school. 567
FOR SALE; Five room house furnish
ed, cheap. 95 Upper Lowell. 565
FOR SALE! Good paying barber shop,
bargain. Box 23V 8, City. 559
FOR SALE Best equipped and best
located boarding house in city,
cheap; 75 steady boarders. Call
at Room 14 Allen block. 940
-4k
FOR SATE The Samson house, cor
ner G avenue and Fourteenth street,
Douglas, Ariz. For further informa
tion apply A. J. Applen, 181 Temby
avenue, or Box 638, Bisbee, Ariz. 283
FOR SALE Pony, bridle and saddle.
Geo. M. Bell, Warren. 601
FOR SALE Christman piano, nearly
new, bargain, easy terms. W. Muir,
next Express office. 560
FOR SALE Beautiful upright piano,
genuine mahogany, standard make,
f 225, easy payments. A. Z. Megede,
jeweler, Lowell. 599
FOR SALE Upright piano, standard
make, nearly new, part on time. Ad
dress, P. O. Box 6C6, WarrcS. 600
FOR SALE; Player piano, oak case,
nearly new, at a bargain, easy pay
ments. A. Z. Megade, jeweloi, Lo
well. 59S i
FOR SALE Uncalled for suits. !.!
Levin, Lowell, Ariz. 5!7
FOR SALE The Treasure Cooker.
Phone 7;'.4 for rookers or d'jmonstra-!
lion. Bisbee Mattress Works. .r27 i
FUR SALE Ford touring car, 1317.'
i-i J. E. T. street, Johnson udditiou. ;
5o2 j
FOR SALE Ford, some lar, cheap.!
United Ian Jewelry company. !
Urewcry Gulch. 4'J7j
FOR SALE Five room house with '
bath, screen porch, well furnished j
including piano. 2'.'A School hill. 523 I
FOR SALE At your own price. two-j
liurnnr fit utnvtt full llf.li1 l.i'l,ni '
Main street. 5H2
FOR SALE Bundles o: old papers at
the Review office. Large bundle,
price 25c.
For Rent
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished for
ligni nouseKeepmg. uaigay nouse,
163 Temby avenue. 664
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms.
Dan Garrity, Jones hill. 669
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 71 Upper Lowell.
670
FOR RENT Furnished room. 89
brewery avenue. 676
FOR RENT Rooms, partly furnished
for housekeeping. 162 Temby ave
nue. 675
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms, close in. No children. Call
110 Opera Drive, corner Broadway
and Central school. 700
FOR RENT Furnished front room
private entrance. Gentleman pre
ferred. Quality hill, tan bouse op
posite Women's club. ' 698
FOR RENT Porch room. Elliott
flats, Clawson hill. 697
FOR RENT Six room furnished
house in Quarry canyon. No chil
dren. Mrs. James Flanigan. Phone
Blue 617. - 633
FOR RENT Four room unfurnished
house, 57 Jiggervilie. Inquire ,52
Upper Lowell, second house across
the .track, right hand side. 638
FOR RENT Two rooms, partly furn
ished for housekeeping. Eighth
house from Warren street car bridge
"below hospital. 637
FOR RENT Pasture for grazing cat
tle by month. Samuel Leiendecker,
Hereford, Arix. 642
FOR RENT Light housekeeping
room. 56 Upper Lowell. 643
FOR RENT Two rooms, also cabin,
furnished. 1S7 Naco road- . 595
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
rooms. Cement house, 41 Johnson
addition. 603
FOR RENT Furnished room for gen
tlemen. Apply 34 Quality hill. 590
FOR. RENT One furnished room with
bath, also garage. 514 Haviland
street. Warren. 569
FOR RENT Comfortable sleeping
room, gas heat. Suitable for one
man. 49 O. K. street. 562
FOR RENT -apartment.
Phone 581.
Two room furnished
58 Brewery avenue.
557
FOR RENT Bright sunny room with
heat and bath, suitable for one or
two ladies, in private family. Phone
614. 312
Miscellaneous
PIANO LESSONS Mrs. B. S. Powell,
Ash apartments, 128 Opera Drive.
677
HISTORY OF WORLD WAR By
Francis A. March. Introduced by
General March. "Biggest pictorial
book. Your, profit averages $1.25
each. Outfit iree. Historical Book
company, Chicago, 111. 671
LARGE BEAUTIFUL COMPLETE
WAR BOOK Wonderfully illustrat
ed. Stupendous sensations. Em
phasizes America's part. Sells $2.
Your profit $1. Credit. Freight
paid. Free outfit. Cunningham
company, Conio Bldg., Chicago, 111.
672
OFFICIAL ENDORSED WAR BOOK,
MAPS, CHARTS AND DIAGRAMS
Unique copyrighted service insert
for soldiers' photographs and rec
ords. Sells to every soldier and
friends regardless other war books.
Endorsed by highest U. S. military
official. Complete and authentic.
Official photographs, low price.
Agent's profit, $1.10 to $1.50. Big
premiums extra. Prompt shipment.
Freight paid. .Credit given. Send
10c tor postage on magnificent free
outfit. Baldwin company, Cleveland,
Ohio, 314 Rockefeller Bldg., 672
VIOLIN LESSONS GIVEN Begin
ners a specialty. E. J., care Review.
665
MADAME J. RtA KEYS Next door
to Lowell Waiting Room, Lowell,
Ariz. Clarivoyant and crystal read
er. Dead trance spirit medium, born
-with a double veil, without asking
questions gives you dates, facts and
figures, and will read your entire
lite. Hours 10 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Phone 62. Home Phone 559. 634
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
From $2 up. All corsets
carefully fitted. Ines Warburton,
next Arizona Grocery store, upper
Main. 6G
VISIT MADAM CLARK The well
known Clarivoyant and Palmist.
Are you in trouble of any kind, un
happy, (Unsatisfied with life, havo
domestic, love, or business troubles?
You will be told how to overcome
them all. Whatever your trouble is.
I chit help you. Hours 10 a. m. to(
& p m UHiiy. uoweu iiotei, tiooms
1 and 2, Lowell. Ariz. 88
WRITE TO ' Y. M. C. A. School, Los
Aucles," about Auto, Radio. Com
mercial and Engineering courttps.
Train for service. 26 i
SCECONO HAND CLOTHES Bought.
Phone 739. City Dye Works. 604
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS Oil your per
sonal note to salaried men and wo
men, also on tumiture. (.'ox Loan
company, Kooiu 7, Sparks Kline
building. 1C6
Wanted
WANTED Musician to arrange piano
accompaniment to tunes already set.
Box 3057, Lowell. 695
WANTED To rent, five or six room
furnished house in Warren. No chil
dren. Phone 159. ' 646
WANTED One or two well furnished
rooms, reasonably close in. Phone
186 or write Box 1938. 632
WANTED Two furnished housekeep
ing rooms. J. C. N., care Review. 604
WANTED Stove, linoleum, furniture.
Y., Review. 580
Lost
LOST A brown fur muff on street
car or in Lowell. Phone Blue 665,
or Review. Reward. 640
Legal TIotices
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
012722
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Albert
Gattrell, of Sunnyside, Arizona, who,
on December 30, 1910, made Home
stead Entry, No. 0U722, for H. E. S.,
No. 203.
A tract of land described by metes
and bounds, as follows: Beginning at
Corner No. 1 from whence U. S. L. M.
No. 300 H. EL S. bears N29 degs. 13'
E. 62.09 chains.
Thence S. 49 ddgs. 18' E. 6.99 chains
to Cor. No. 2.
Thence S. 25 degs. 43' W. 42.24
chains to Cor. No. 3.
Thence S. 73 degs. 19' W. 17.0S
chains to Cor. No. 4.
Thence N. 20 degs. 58' E. 14.30
chains to Cor. No. 5. -
Thence N. 35 degs. 21' E. 41.88
chains to Cor. No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing 53.26 Acres in ap
proximate Sections 15 and 16 (uusur
veyed) Tp. 23-S., R. 19-E., cf the G. &
S. R. B. & Meridian, Arizona, in the
Coronado National Forest has filed no
tice of Intention to make five year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before W. A. Fowler,
U. S. Commissioner, at . Tombstone,
Arizona, on the 11th day of Decem
ber, J 91 8,
Claimant names as witnesses:
George W. Parker, of San Rafael,
Arizona.
Lucy Langford, of Sunnyside, Ari
zona. Lewis K. Mclntyre, of Parker Can
yon, Arizona.
Gustave J. Peterson, of Sunnyside,
Arizona.
610 JOHN L. IRVIX. Register.
First publication November 9, 1918.
Last publication December 8, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
027121
Department of the Interior
C. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 9, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Joseph
Hammer, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on July 8, 1915, made Homestead En
try, No. 027121, for S.E. E. N.W.
H, E. S.W. Vi. Section 26, Town
ship 23-S., Range 21-E, G. S. R. B.
& Meridian, has filed notice of inten
tion to make three year proof, to es
tablish claim to the land above de
scribed, before W. A. Fowler, U. S.
Commissioner, at Tombstone, Arizoua,
on the 17th day of December,. 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
George J. McCabe, ;
Milton Clark.
Adolph C. Hinters,
Leslie Wilcox, all of Hereford, Ari
zona. 817 JOHN L. IRV1N, Register.
GIRLS RECEIVE TRAINING
(By Review Leased Wir)
LONDON, Nov. 18. Hunareds of
girls employed at the ministry of. food
registration clearing house are receiv
ing instruction during working hours
for after-ward corrrmercial careers.
The London county council has taken
charge of their education and each
girl is given one and a fourth hours
every day except Saturday for instruc
tion and study.
Classes are held three times a day.
The girls are from 16 to 18 years old.
There are classes in bookkeeping,
French and shorthand, and the girls
are also given the choice of recreation
classes in elecution and singing.
As we understand it, Lloyd George
has called an election in Great Britain
and Ireland in order that things may
remain as they are. New York Even
ing Post.
Revolution in Germany should stu
diously avoid needlessly spattering its
hands with blood.
fJxjaaays presenaSe-
' now possible for evay
' U ' woman through use of
MARirELLO
Phanom Powder
Immediately gives skin apprar
ence of beauty then rtally
beautifies it. Unrivaled beauty builder
lor (ace. neck and hand. Doesn't nib
. or wash off. Splendid f orewnmg make
up. Your amnx wul prove ii mail
McDonald's Marinello
H
Shop Phone 305
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
Ni.VV YORK, Dec. 14. Sentiment
a expressed by traders was bearish
fct tne outset of today's brief and
superficial ctock market, coppers and
rails, the hitter mainly of the low
graue variety, recording lurther irreg
ular losses.
Utilities as represented by Mackay
companies, Twin City Transit and
Brooklyn Transit also dropped 1 to 3
points with Pressed Steei Car ana
National Lead. In most instances,
however, these losses, were largely
if not wholly retrieved before the
close, the strength of shippings, oils.
General Electric, American Can and
tobaccos and motors seeming to ef
fect a general readjustment of quo
tations at the firm close.
Sales amounted to 215.000 shares.
Mercantile agencies reported con
flicting conditions at leading centers
of trade, but the enormous gains
showu in bank clearings at important
reserve cities testified to the activity
of holiday business.
Features of the local bank state
ment embraced a very important in
crease in actual loans and discounts,
an increase of almost $89,000,000 in
net demand deposits and a decrease
of $30750,000 in excess reserves, re
ducing tne total excess 10 Biigniiy less
than $40,000,000
Bonds were steady on very limited
dealings, none of the important do
mestic or foreign issues recording
more than trivial changes. Total
sales, par value, aggregated $4,375,000.
Old United States bonds were un
altered on call during the week.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. 14. Pronounced
weakness developed in the corn .mar
ket today owing largely to the outlook
for an increase of receipts. The close
was heavy 2c to 3 '4c lower, and
with January and May both $1.3574 to
$1.38. Oats finished 1 to 7c off, and
provisions down 50c to $1.
Forecasts of cold, dry weather tend
ed to stimulate selling, inasmuch as
continued mild temperatures and ex
cessive dampness have been seri
ously retarding the crop movement.
Reports that congestion abroad would
compel a readjustment of the food
administration shipping program were
also influential toward making senti
ment more bearish. There was an
evident scarcity of new buying orders,
and at the same time many holders
who had profits to. realize did not
wish to take further chances over
Sunday. Under these circumstances,
values dropped rapidly, and at no
time was there any important re
action.
Oats shared the depression of corn.
Furthermore, there were reports of
re-selling of cash oats by the govern
ment. Provisions fell with hogs and grain.
Big rec?ipts of hogs next week were
expected, notwithstanding that killing
facilities here were already overtaxed.
Immense shipments of meats and lard
to the seaboard from Chicago seemed
for the time being overtaxed.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Dec. 14. Cotton
closed steady at a net advance of 30
to 57 points.
Closing quotations December 14, 1918.
(L. J. Overlook, Broker.)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda u t. 64
Amn. Can.' 46
Amn. Car 80
Amn. Loco 63
Amu. Smelters ; 82
Baldwin i 71"
Befl. B. 66i
C. & 0 56 "i
Canadian Pacific 159
Central leather 6?',4
Crucible 57
Distillers 50
Erie ;'. 18
Goodrich .. 56
Ind Alcohol ;! 102 w
Marine : 27
Marine pfd 114 ',
Mldvale .v ; 45
Mexican Petroleum .. 1633t
N. Y. J .V 76V4
Northern Pacific 94
Reading 839
Rubber 74
Pkepublic Steel '. ' 75
S;udebaker 526
Steel 95i
Steel pfd 112;
St. Paul 45
Southern Pacific 101
Texas Oil 1S7;
Union Pacific 129
U. S. M 47
United Motors 35
Westinghouse 43
BOSTON.
Adventure 100
Alaska 4
Amn. Zinc '. 13 M:
Az. Coml 13'i
Allouez 45
C. & A 67
C. & H 440
C. Rango 45
China 37 H
(lillo 19'i
K Butte 9,4
Granhy SO
G. C'i'.n 4S
Golilfiel.i 2'
Han cock
Indiana " 90
inspiration g:.
Kf itnc'vtt ::r-j
h.-.vM-i..v.- t-.i
I-akc 0
l a al!- ::
Miami ur.j
Majf lower ::
Mohawk
iNcv.ula Ill'
N B it;o
Nip SJ
Old Dom ;:s
Osceola ':!
l'omi t'k ' 1 :: i
Qulncy in
l!av Con
Slut Mick It?
i-'hanii'in
Superior Boston
St. Marys II
LEASED WIRE
Utah Copper
Utah Con
CURBS.
A. & A
Ariz. King
Big Ledge
Butte & London
Cal. & Jor. .,
Cornelia
Con. Copper
Con. Ariz
Cosden
Curtiss
Denn
Dundee
I. n mi a
Federal Oil
Gadsden
Green Monster
Grand Island
Globe Dom
HuU
Howe Sound
Kecla
j. Verde
Magma Copper
Miami Con
Aiines of America ....
Okmulgee
Porphyry
Rey Here
Tom Reeo
Tuclumi.e
II. FuKtern
Verde Ex
Verde Combn
W.il. Ariz
West End
Whitv Cap
Wright Martin
77 ;8
9
11
5
100
18
17 '"
64
l
7
14
17
loo
4
2V
3
Vi
15
hi
45
4
5'i
Yx
29
4
Vs
' "2,
Ys
M
156
95
4
37
' K
2
"1H
15
4
OATMAN.
(By Collins & Bretherton.)
Argo .04
Adams 03
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R 02
Big Jim Con 05
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore 04
15
.04
.10
.02
.05
.02
.13
.05
.06
.13
.13
1.56
4.50
.20
Gold "Road Bon
Gold Clilf
Lucky Boy 03
Sunnyside .05
Telluride 10
Tom Reed 10
Tom Reed 1.53
United Eastern 4.25
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 3.00
Green Monster 40
Butte London 16
Dundee 95
Venture Hill 02
Pitts-Jerome 10
Jerome Verde 45
Ark-Arizona 10
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper 40
.50
.18
1.00
.01
.12
.50
.12
.17
.12
.45
.18
.09
.04
Magma Chief
.12
2.00
.62
.02
Wolv-Arizona
Verde Combination . .
Miami Consolidated .
Nacozari Consolidated ...
Con. Cop. Mines 6.50
Porphyry 37
Cal. & Jerome 45
Feather iver
-35!
6.75
.50
.50
.12
GERMAN BAND PLAYS
STAR SPANGLED BANNER
LONDON, Nov. 13, (Correspondence
of the Associated Press.) A German
band at a prison hospital near London
play the "Star Spangled Banner" and
several hundred wounded German sol
diers sang it as if they enjoyed it in
celebration of the signing of the armis
tice. The music was in honor of a pa- i
rade of American wounded quartered
in a hospital near the prison hos
pital. If the sentiment of these prisoners
may be taken as a criterion the Ger
man people will harbor no old scores
against Americans for helping to de
liver the final blow of the war. They
entered heartily into the armistice
celebration and were glad the war had
ended.
Soon after news of the signing of
the armistice was received at the big
American hospital at Dartford it was
sent over to tne Germans, whose pris
on hospital Joins the American estab-
lishment.
On the following day every Anier-;
ican able to walk was mustered into a '
parado the route of which took them 1
through the prison grounds. As the
vanguard entered the German' band
Germans always manage to scrape up
a band wherever a large number of 1
them are quartered began playing
the anthem of the U. S. A. and the
Germans sang it as the happy Anier-'
icans passed. They were happy too '
and showed no auimosity toward the
Americans.
Flavors in Vials
In Jiffy-Jell the
flavors come in liquid
"-. form, in vials. Tne j
l f fT are made from fresh,
f 1 1 1 ripe fruit. They give
to Jiffy-Jell desserts
a wealth of fresh
fruit taste.
With Jiffy-Jell you
can make a delicious
dessert in an instant.
It comes read y -sweetened,
so it saves
your sugar. And ft
coits but a trifle. A
single package
serves six.
There are 10 flavors, but we sug
gest Loganberryor Pineapple. Try
it today. It will bring you a new
conception of gelatine desserts.
1 for 2S Cmmtt
At Yomr Cwfr'f
Jiffy Jell Wauketha, Wiacoauo
mm
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts of each, their meeting nights, their officer and the place of gather
leg will be found under their respective headings, la these columns.
BISBEE. LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. m.
Meets every Friday
night. Moose HalL
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
R. L GLEASON,
Dictator
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellow?' Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phui.o 11!.
G A. PLUNK ETT. N. (i.
Lt:3fER EUSTACE, Sec'T
P1 HIAN 8ISTERS
Lily Ten. pie No. 3 meet every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hail Visiting
sisters are cordially inviteu.
MINNIE BLUM. M. E. C
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Box 1475
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175, F. O.
E., meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, 8 p. m.,
Eagles' Hail.
Visitors cor
dially wel
come. J. F. WILMOTH. Presdnt.
F. C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
C. I EDMUNDSON, Aerie Physician.
BROTHERHOOD OP AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 89b, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vich ball. Visiting Archers are cor
dially Invited.
F. W. TURNER, Foreman,
Phone Black 461.
P. O. Box 9S1. Warren.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent. Box 1496.
WEEK ENDING DECEMBER 21, 1918
Monday
Tuesday ,
Wednesday Third degree
Thursday Commandry.
Friday 1st degree.
Saturday
W W. GIDLEY, W M.
B. T. W ATKINS. Sec'y. F. & A. M.
J. W. TOLAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L If.
F. E. BENNETT, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OP AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
U O. L. NO. 210.
meets in T. O.
O. F. Hall first i
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
era cordially
VVt Invited to at-
WM. T. SMITHAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Eox 426. Bisbee.
CIMen Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED COi'IP'Y
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Store.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICb"
A. OWERS. Mgr., Bakervill
Phone 67
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse ft Office Opposite Depot
PHONES G40 and 50.
CATARRH
OF THE
BLADDER
EallBTsd la'
'24 Hours
Each CD-
rulebeariaK(inl
uam VVV
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
n-.t-i . .
iuuiduiii iouge no. i
Knights of Pytbuta
meets each Tuesdaf
(except second) in Outa
Fellows' Hall at 7:S
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
H. t. WOOTON, C. V
W. E. McCALLUM. K. of R. 3
LODGE NO. 71
day of each month. Visiting brother
Regular meeting first and third FrV
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler
C. W. HICKS, Secretary.
WOODMEN Of THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet ever;
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m., Finnish Hall.
D. C. SAXBY. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
meets In Masonle Hah
Pearl Chapter, No. . meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of each
montn at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43. Bisbee
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. a
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com.
Phone 16L
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in L O. O. T
Call First and Third
Saturdays. V i a i t In
brothers welcome.
3. F. BENTON. Councillor.
F. M. WILLIAMS. Rec Sec'y.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medig
rich Hall. Visit-
ing members cordially invited.
B. r. MUSS, resident.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 238 RpH
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13418
Meets 1st Saturday
Medigovich HalL
1L L. MOTZ. ConsuL
3. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
C E HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C. H. HOGAN
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND--
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
Pron- 26 Box 1129
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1918.
PHONOGRAPHS
FINE JEWELRY
The variety and completeness of our stock of Victor
and Sonora phonographs and records assures our pat
rons of getting just what they want. On easy terms, too.
New arrivals of Waterman
tain pens, scarf pins, cuff
nd gold mounted foun
links, Laval ieres and
brooches, in gold, platinum
nd diamonds.
UNITED STATES FOOD ADMINISTRATION LICENSE NO. G-13942
1
Gif
and.
Them
N
?
if
u
ow
6
U
T IS BOTH wise and patriotic to shop early. During the month of December so many stores regard their stocks of Women's Ap
is. Darel with indifferent eyes. We, on the contrary, consider them most important, and every endeavor is made to keep them fresh,
j -j. : ,w Py.PVv.iofTrQci SqIa nf "RpnHv-tn-Wpar will be iust as attractive to von. envine von an onnortu-
new ana interesting, m ujui uiai uui xx vihwwwuu.v v y- ... . - - 7 r i r i
nity to purchase fresh mdse. at figures you cannot afford to overlook. You will be wise to come in tomorrow and share in these valuus.
A 'PRE-CHRISTMAS SALE OF COATS, SUITS AND DRESSES
-The Coat Suit or Dress which you'pieed for th Holidays and for future Winter Wear can be selected most satisfactorily and with
rWirlpH pponomv here now. A special ottering 01 suits is ieaiurea ior luinorruw. it it a lmimy owe uecaui; a piuviut an up-
-NTrvn? TUT? CAUTMPC
portunity to buy a new garment ior tne nonaays. ine woman wnu iiubfce& una uppuiLuint wm icgicu il. inwj.il xhu v uo
r rn
iLUU
X Off on Women's Winter Dresses
Scores of pleasing model? are e.nbraeed in this splendid offering, and
every dress is desirable in style, in quality and in every other detail.
Come see them try them on to properly judge of their becomingness
and at the following low prices they are irresistibly attractvie. They in
clude satins, georgette, crepe de chines, meteors, combination serges ar.d
satin embroidered, in beads and braid.
Off -Women's Winter Suits-Off
$22.50, special $17.00
$27.50, special $20.50
$29.50, special $22.00
$34.50, special $26.00
$35.00, special $25.25
$37.50, special $23.00
$39.50, special $29.75
$42.50. special $32.00
$49.50. special ....'....$33.50
$54.50, special ... - $41.00
$59.50, special - $45.C0
$65.00, special $48.75
$72.50, special $54.50
$75.00, special $56.25
$85.00, special ..: $63.75
$97.50, special $73.00
i4 OFF-WOMEN'S WINTER COATS-- V4 OFF
Plush and furette coats, trimmed in a great variety of furs.
kit coney, mouflon, martin and Hudson seal.
Raccoon,
$30.00, special ...$22.50
$32.50, special $24.50
$37.50, special $23.00
$45.00, special $33.5
$50.00, special $37.50
$55.00, special $41.25
$59.50, special $45.00
$65.00, special $48.75
$75.00, special $56.25
$90.00, special $67.50
i4 OFF-CHILDREN'S WINTER C0ATS-V4 OFF
Coats such as these, are mighty fine Xmas presents, in velvets,
. - e 1 1 i a. L
plain and corduroy, military cloths and Ireize; also, noveuy ouu.s,
2 to 6 pears, 6 to 1 4 years and juniors, 13, 15 17 and 1 9 years. Note the
following prices:
$ 4.95, special .'. $ 3.75
$ 7.95, special $ 5.95
$ 9.95, special $ 7.50
$10.95, special $ 8.00
$11.95, special $ 8.95
$15.00, special $11.25
$17.50, special ...$13.0U
$21.50, special $16.00
$24.50, special $18.50
$27.50, special : $20.50
$39.50, special ..: $29:75
$42,50, special $32.00
$44.50, special $32.75
$45.00, special $33.75
10 ' x "rF!-l
PI -"-jdD
! s fffy t . ill
a ;'0 . - If ' '
$27.50, special $20.65
$29.50, special $22.00
$32.50. special $24.40
$37.50, special $28.00
$42.50. special $32.50
$49.50, special :. $37.00
$55.00, special $41.00
$61.50, .pedal $46.00
$65.00, special $43.75
$75.00, special $56.25
$89.50, special $67.50
$110.00. special $32.75
OFF-CHILDREN'S WINTER DRESSES-- OFF
Now is the time to examine carefully the youngsters' winter require
ments and to judiciously purchase the apparel they will need for the cold
weather that lies ahead of us. We are sure that every mother will be in
terested in our showing of the3e dresses.
Children's wool dresses, in serges of solid colors,
corduroy and plain velvets!
$15.00, special $11.25
$16.50, special $12.50
$18.50, special $14.00
$23.50. special $17.50
$27.50, special $20.50
novelty plaids.
$ 5.95, special $4.75
$ 7.95. special $5.95
$ 8.95, special $6.75
$ 9.95, special $8.50
$12.50, special $9.50
IT IS NOW HIGH TIME FOR FURS Price -MILLINERY SALE- Price
In spite of the shortage of good furs this season, we are glad to an-
a.- cknr na k vprv commere. every son 01 xwu iu,
We are offering tomorrow a number of charming
trimmed hats, in the early fall fashions, at prices designed
tr . l- . .1 Dl ' I - L,
. . n . . thTt nur ennw 1 u la vii v t. vinwiv, - - - i t? ta .rrprr an ittittiwi aii r ill f irrtMT iruiciiiLA:i liiut
lllltllll.rT LI1UL VU . - . . .AAWh M.A ....... -.. . w
carefully selected and carefully made up into the most popular or the thg
are all stylish and desirable and are indeed note
season's fashions. Red fox sets, black lynx sets, taupe fox, wolf and wotthy values at their present reduced prices :
pointed fox. Price $24.95 up to $ZUU.UU
ill K Kl 111 Nh UhrAKIUIllNl-1! Uff
VI 1 Vf
Waists in suit shades, made on rather
dressy lines, are holding the center of the
stage at present. Some of the most attract
ive styles are collarless, while others equally
high in favor are collared in some fashion
or other. Crepe de chine or georgette, in
flesh or white, navy, brown and tan. Some
beaded and some trimmed with silk em
broidery. Others with fine filet and Vene
tian laces.
$10.00, special ...$5.00 $18.00, special $ 9.00
$12.50, special $6.00 $24.50, special $12.25
$15.00, special ........$7.50
Special table of trimmed hats (Value up to $9.00 $3.95
Black Plush Tarns, $3.50 value, special $ 2.95
FOOTWEAR FAVORITES
FOR WOMEN
The woman, man or child who steps into a pair
of our shoes, immediately proceeds to forget the
question of foot comfort, for there's no occasion
for it. Our shoes are correct in every detail and
their wearers appreciate it. With shoes bought
here you are sure of absolute foot-comfort, contin
ued service and neat, correct style.
Va OFF ON PLUSH AND FURETTE NECK PIECES
$17.50, spec'l $13.50
$20.00,! spec'l $15.00
$21.00, sped $15.75
$23.50, 'spec'l $17.65
$25.00, spec'l $18.75
$ 7.50, spec'l $ 5.65
$ 9.95. spec'l $ 7.50
$12.95, spec'l $ 9.75
$14.00, spec'l $10.50
$15.00. spec'l $11.25
$16.50, spec'l $12.50 $27.50'sspec'l $20.50
OUR CHRISTMAS SPECIAL IN BLANKETS
' VC?-Tm 'Mnct KniKPurivQ ar In need of new blankets.
hence blankets are always an acceptable and use
ful gift. We still have big stocks of the best kind,
and thev are all marked at attractive prices. You
are assuredof a satisfactory purchase if bought
r t?:- CV -A here.
bSTAvs COTTON
CTLTn 40x68. si"31 85
1 4nY6fl srr.Al $1.35
45x72, special ....$1.85
45x72, special ....$2.55
60x76, special ....$2.95
64x80, special ....$3.10
72x84, special ....$4.45
WOOL KNAP
60x76, special ....$3.25
N Plush and furette throws and Ptoles, in black beaver and mole, in
great variety.
$ 8.95, special $ 7.75 I $10.50, special J 7.90
$12.00, special $ 9.00 $16.00, special $12.40
$17.50, special $13.15 I $19.50. special $14.65
Christmas Gloves
Everyone must surely realize just what it
means to obtain kid gloves of any description
at the present time. We were fortunate
enough to purchase our supply early, therefore,
it enables us to offer you a "remarkable assort
ment, suitable for Xmas presents. Gloves for
all occasions, afternoon, street or auto wear,
etc.
5)
66x80, special ....$3.40
72x80, special.
WOOL
Blankets, spec'l $ 9.25
Blankets, spec'l $11.25
Blankets, spec'l $12.25
Blankets, spec'l $13.75
Blankets, spec'l $16.75
Blankets, spec'l $17.50
Blankets, spec'l $18.50
SANTA CLAUS HAS MADE TOYLAND
HIS HEADQUARTERS WHILE HERE I
While the selline has been exceptionally brisk, the
$4.52 TOY DEPARTMENT still offers a big flection, and no
child need want for playthings, whose parents are willing
to buy them. We have everything from electrical and
mechanical toys, suitable for big children, as well as
myriads of smaller toys for the kiddies, .such as stuffed
toys, rocking horses, drums, teddy bears, fire trucks, am
bulances, autos, carts, wagons, horses, engines, horns and
dolls, doll furniture, beds, kitchen cabinets .cradles, chairs,
stoves and dishes.
HOSIERY
Women who
are trying to solve
the problem of a
suitable Xmas
present will do
well to visit our
hosiery depart
ment tomorrow.
The quality o f
hose we sell does
not need any "in
troduction. 1 V e
carry a
eilk and
that can
1 VA
1 I V 4
1 1
USEFUL XMAS. GIFTS
Handkerchiefs are the standard Xmas M
gift and appreciated by everybody. Our
line is exceptionally large and comprises '
linen, lawn ancf novelties. Plain hem-
stitched or lace edge, initial and embroid-1
ered corners.