-'t&oii
WEATHER.
ARZONA: Thursday
part'y cloudy south
tortli.n: snow nurtii
porticn: toidor.
MARKETS. .
Government Frice of
Copper, 23.50.
3
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 20. No. 184.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 10, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
I
i
BUST TAKES
HEAVYTOLL II
IM 1
fc
UENT Of
SACRAMENTI
Two Killed, Two Fatally In
jured and Eight Badly
Hurt in Explosion Which
Occurs in Steam Shovel Op
erations. For the first time since the Copper
Queen branch of the Phelps-Dodge
corporation began extensive steam
hovel operations on Sacramento
hill, a serious accident has been re
corded in the work. Yesterday after
noon the premature explosion of 3000
pounds of powder, by some unknown
cause, caused the death of two men.
the fatal injury of two others and the
injury of eight more.
The dead are: v
Sidney Drakenfield, a member
of the engineering force.
Modesto Vastido, a laborer.
Fatally injured:
Carlos Calderon. laborer.
Juan Nunez, laborer.
The injured:
J. O. McBride, powder man.
Nat Anderson, powder man.
Frederico Esquer. laborer.
Francisco Valenzuela. laborer.
Lorenzo Vasouez. laborer.
Jose S. Martinez, laborer.
Jcse Monarez. laborer.
Juan Viillaneda? laborer.
Pishee has become accustomed to
the sharp warning whistles of the sev- commandeered lor ountenng untisn
era! locomotiTes on Sacramento hill, steamers.
whici announce the impending setting I "Ciiless the government will with
off of blasts. Without waning, yes-1 drw its order commandeering the
terdav afternoon a terr'fic exnioiiion ! coal for steamers or instruct me that
took .place. To those who are acens-
tomed to the blasting operations it j
was known at once that roremature
explosion had occurred. To the bal
ance of the town the news soon spread ;
that men had been killed on Sacra-1
mento. Ambulances were reqeisition-i
ed at once and soon the Copper Queen j
hospital had 10 patients in its pre-,
cincts and a coroner's jury was exam-,
ining the bodies of the two who had '
been killed outrigit. j
Where it Hao-iened ' t
. , , ., I
nn .. . ;
ptlU and on the eastern end of the'
bench, holes were sunk for the shots.
Three men from the engineering
office of the company, headed by
Roger Peltom were working in the im
mediate vicinity. Oae of ttis crew
was Drakenfield, who was killed. Ore
of the steam shovels was at hand and
was derailed by the force of the ex
plosion.
".v! tbe rw4er!
foreman and others were nearbv.
Hon it Happened.
The crew of powder men and lab
orers were in the act of filling a. hole
with powder when the blast occurred.
One hole had already been loaded. It !
contained 1.750 pounds of powder. J. !
D. McPride. one of he tmo powder j
men. was putting in the electrical
connection and the primer in the
smal'er hole, which contained l.?00
pounds of powder. Anderson, the other
powdr man. was in te immediate 1
neighborhood: Drakenfield was hold-1
ing the end of a surveyor's tape, near-!
by. and the laborers were about ready i
to move to D laces of safety. j
While McBride was completing his'
work, without warning, with the wind j
raising clouds of dust which settled !
snd rofe aeain. over the surface and '
the edee of ttie hill, a flash, a crash'
and the earth rolled downward. The '
two holes, containing 3.150 pounds ofi
powder, had been exploded and men I
were killed, injured and frightened, i
Tfc? ground, according to some of!
the men. seemed to literallv heave up-
ward and then roll off the side of the
bill. The blinding nt hnrnine- -..
from the explosion took its toll on the
faces, bodies and clothes of the men
it came in contact witY Workers a
hundred and more feet from the blast
unstained sliehtly brv-red faces, so
hot was the escaping gas. An engine.
standing on the second bench and op-
posit the foot of the holes, was
knocked off the track by the force of
the impact.
Help at Once.
Immediately the men who had not
been hurt sent in the emereency rail.
Medical attention was called, ambu
lances summoned and the w ork .of res
ruing the men. who had been covered
with dirt, was started. Soon the in
jured wrre at the hospital and the
two dad men bad been taken to the
safety station at the bottom of the
.hill.
It was thought for some minutes
that snnfher man had been buried in
the explosion and had not ben res
cued. When the men were cherked
off. however, it was fourd tat the
missing man was at !! hcsp-tal.
Some Narrow Escapes.
That McBride fhculd be alive, after
his experience yesterday, is one of
Contlnud on Flve
Forgery
P.y Review Wire!
DENVER. Jan. 9 Pleading guil
ty to a charge of forging his uncle's
finger print to a bank check. Walt-
i er Lang, a I'te Indian, was sentenc- (
. m l 1 -I.,..-;.. ..mirt horn
! today to 100 days in the county
' irjil lit Tkii r n i-n
,( j ,
i TJie check was for $47. Indorse-
I J nient of checks by finger prints
is rt-quired" of Indian?, who cannot
y read nor write.
MM AND
M ENGLAND
FIGHT TO GET
NEEDED FUEL
Amusement Places and Other
Business Houses in Boston
Restricted in FueL Drastic
Measures Are Expected.
Rv Review Leaded Wire!
BOSTON. Jan. 9. The coal sitna-
tion in New England "is absolutely
dangerous and has reached an imme
diate crisis." James J. Storrow. fuel
administrator ofr New England, tele
graphed Dr. H. A. Garfield, federal
fuel administrator, tonight. The fed
eral administration "still wholly mis
understands the crisis here," the mes
sage added.
Mr. Storrow said he had received
1 information that 5.100 tons of coal now
1 loading at Hompton Roads for the
Great Northern Paper company, which
manufacturers newsprint, had been
il wishes most or the newspapers of)
tie North Atlantic coast to suspend j
'publication. I cannot be responsible
for renditions in New England." the
messape said.
. 3 .
NEW YORK'S CONDITION,
,rt r - iea9ed Wire
NEW YORK. Jan. 9. Refusal of
National Fuel Administrator Garfield
to give priority to coal shipments Jo
this city cr to rescind the priority ord-
er by mhich New England secures 500
carloads daily, inspired the
declara-
Hon tonirht by state and cty fuel ad-
- - . v- . - . . .
: uj:uiaiiaiifi iui .t-w iuik iv si
I brink of a fnel crisis and on the verge
. of closing down."
I Figures given out at the office of A.
, H. Smith, assistant director general i
cr railroads, nowever. purported to
shotr that 459.000 tons were at tide
i water terminals or on the rails with-
'!. JO 1. .... r 1 ,i
mated that this supply would meet
New Yorks needs for 11 days.
Fifty-eieht schools in tie city. 43
of them in Brooklyn, were closed to
day because of lack of coal or be
cause cf froien water pipes.
Albert H. Wiggins, state fuel ad
ministrator, sent a telerram to Feder
al Fuel Administrator Garfield tonight
in which he described this city's fuel
situation as "desperate." .'
The New York fuel administatrion.
Mr. Wiggins said, was considering the
Continued on Pag Two)
Eighteen Ships
of Britain Sunk
m
During the Week
iFt Review Inj9-4 Wlre
LONDON. Jan. 9. The Britfsh ad-
nnraI," P0" e sinking in me last
of 1? merchantment of 1.600
tons or over by mine or submarine.
s weU s ,hre merchantment under
that tonnage.
Four fishing vessels i
also were sunk.
!
The admiralty report of January !
2 gave the sinkings of British mcreb-
antmen for the current week as 21. j
including 18 vessels of 1.600 tons or j
over. This was a material increase
over the 'pre'len week, w hen the ' of the attorney general to the fact that
sinkings numbered 12, 11 of the ve-unfoum'ed and false reports are being
sels more tian 1.600 tons. Thus tht ; circulated in seme parts of the coun
Increase in the submarine sinkincs ' try to the effect that undue leniency is
has been more than maintained in the , being shown enemy aliens. Such re
last week, as they comprised 21 ports are a direct incitement to
merchantmen and four fishing vessels.
ONE FRENCH SHIP.
v R.-vifW Ihs-n Wire!
PARIS. Jan. 9 One French merch
antman of more than 1.600 tons was
sunk by mine or submarine in the
week erding January 5th. None und
er tht tonnoce was lost.
TWO ITALIAN BOATS.
ROME. Jan. 9 An official communi
cation i-sued toiay says that two Ital
ian steamers of over 1.5t tons were
cnk dcring the week ending January.
5th.
BRITISH ROYAL FAMILY SITS DOU X TO MEAL
THAT WOULD PLEASE EVEN HERBERT HOOVER.
pi f Si : Ste ! i! - T
SV; - -V 1 iT-1- t i4
The kin.; :t tuhlc cnu out a Gn.ey aouU
This British of?;c?al photopraph shows th? royr.l l.rai y of E-.-!r.-d at
flunkies, sans anj thir.s va.slefuL The ki.ig la uie cea'.il i r- on iho
1WILS0N ENDORSES Tffi SUFFRAGE AMENDMENT
GERMAN WOMEN
TO BE PUT UNDER
RESTRICTIONS
D:n- Prenared
Legislation IS ISemg iTepjea
Which Will Cause Enemy ;
Alien Women in Country ':
to be Registered. j
iBv RpvVw IasiNt Vire
WASHINGTON. Jan. 9. Enemy ali-
lrn.ntma )riuuui ii wr .
! lenaca soon 10 ufnuui w i in tuv-
Cnited States. Legi:l'a.tien to this
end is being drafted, and sconression
al leaders have assured the depart
ment of justice that it wi!l be enacted
promptly. If this is done before the
. . . ,. .
of the department of justice, women
probably will be included in the ene-
mv alien registration.
Recilations to govern the registra
tion were sent today to police officials
of cities, and postmasters of small
towns, to whom active administration
of the registration has been entrust
ed. Of the hundreds of Gernisns who
have been interned s!nce t.he I'rited
Suites entered the war, only six have
been paroled permantiy. and 10 given
freedom for a time, it wv disclosed
today by John Lord O'Brien, special
assistant to Attorney General Greg
ory, in charge of war problems. The
announcement was made in refutation
of wide-spread reports that the gov
ernment had released; hundreds of
dangerous alien enemies.
Of Those Paroled.
In the cases of men paroled tempor
arily, it Is understood, the action was
taken In order that they m'ght obtain
valuable information to aid govern
ment experts in ferreting out plots or
propaganda against the I'nited States
war interests.
"So far as known, no person found
to be a dangerous enemy alien once
arrested has ever been permanently
rpipj
said Mr. O'Brien. "Of
the entire number arrested from time
I to time as suspicious characters
throughout the I'nitel States, less
than a dozen have been the subject
cf confequent complaints.
False Rumors,
"A number of communications have
been received directing the attention
damage on the part ef wrongdoers and
cause serious hindrance in the work
of apprehending enemy aliens.
- "Instead of leniency, riiroroiis severi
ty has been shown in dealing with
persons actually found by the. attor
ney general to be dangerous to the
welfare of the country. Confusion ap
pears to have arisen due to the Impres
sion that an arrs is in itself an in
ternment; this is not so.
"If ater in vcrtisraticn it is decided
the suspect is a dsneerous enemy ali
en, an order is made for his intern
ment and he is delivered forwith to
(Continued ua Tage Twol
T
'Stiffs' Expect
Resolution to
Cairy in House
Democratic Congressmen
Visit Wilson and Secure
Statement in Which He Ad-
vises Passage of the Amend- j
ment j
IBv R-vi-w Iad Wiret J
WASHINGTON. Jan. 9. President
Wilson tonight threw bis support to;
the federal anienJment for woman suf-'
rase.
Cn th ev- of a voe on suffrage in !
the ho.-.se. twelve rvnux-ratic mem
bers ralfd at the White House with
crd tbrt msny of their colleagues
wrnted adv'ce froml l.eh end of their!
I-arty as to the position they should
ttke
There was a conieronce of foriy
the result of which was de-.
ra n mw m:..u u. j
prudent h:me f and made pub.ic
l- "-
The committee found that the pres-;
idott fca? not felt at liberty to volun-!
teer h's advice to members of con
cress in this ruportm' n;a!ter but .
n w scu?') n-s ivmc ne verj
Tiankly pnd esniestlj advised us to
vote for the amvr.dmrst rs en act of
r:;:ht t r.d justio to the women of the
count ty and of Me wr rid." j
See Certain Victory.
In these few lines suffrace cham-
piens saw certain victory where a few i
(Continued on T"sure Five!
German Kultur
Proved Again in
Sinking of Ship.
v R-vt-w Lenses! YI-e
BRISTOL. Ensland. Jan. 9. The
hosnital ship Rewa was torpedoed
without warning an hour before mid
nieht Jsruary 4th. and ssnk wi.in an
hour. . According to custom, the ves
sel was lighted up after dark Fri lay
evening, so that there could be no pos
sibility of submarines mistaking her
Identity.
The torpedo struck the vessel with
a terrific crash and was so effective
hat there was no chance of saving
ber. More thfn R-r0 persons were on
board including 30 bed ridden and a
number of soldiers fuffering from
malaria.
Ship Was Marked.
TV. !....- .h I .hi- m r
.. .'- ."v : .c:
put out by the force of the explosion
and the wovnded and sck had to
grown about in the dark for their
rh'Hnt M-iy o fthem bad to leave
w ithout cl-tpine. While n the boa's
jnd on nfi tev bd lit'le or no it-
tect'nn from t!-e r-ierc'r" cold wind,
the tatlerts. the shin's s'srf and
s mnibes of the -rew wih the ev-r-wnfon
of three I.acav. who were
"-'I'ed. be e ttWoo were reee..
Tbey t-s-l bard'y lofr the Se-a wbl.-h
wss s'-kine on even Veel. r en th
steamer !rcrd forwsrd a"J disn-
reared. Tbe rescued men were two
hours adrift before they were picked
up.
a quiet meal sans desert, sans
extreme rignt is tueen iiary. .
T SNOW OF
SEASON FALLS JN
THIS DISTRICT
Parl of Slorm VnSA
Southwest Visits
B- l
With Coat of White. Other
Parts of Region Visited.
By Review leased Wire)
Snow, which becan failing In
Bisbee at 12:15 this morning, was
still making headway against U
dryness of the city pavement and
the heat of the ground at 3:50 a.
m. wiih every possibility of the
siorm continuing. T"he snow con
stituted the firch moisture to fall
in the Warren District since the
Litter part of July. The storm is
expected to be general and Is a
part of the general condition
which prevails to a greater or less
extent over this part of the coun
try. STORM IS GENERAL
DENVER. Colo.. Jan. 9. Fine snow !
which becaa falling in Denver this af-'
ternoon was driven by a strong wind
tonight and was drifting rapidly. The
snow was accompanied by a cold wave
and although the storm tonight bad
not seriously interfered with train
service, the weather bureau's forecast
of snow and colder for tomorrow i
( caused tae roads to begin prepara
tions to keep theirtracks clear through '
, the mountains. i
! Snow fell today over the northern '
half of the Rocky mountains and the!
storm extended into New- Merico Ari- i
' zona, where snow w as reported as far !
, south as Tucson. i
The storm in Wyoming had not Im-1
wire and train service, advices,
early tonight said, but a big drop in .
j temperature had been followed by a .
ature of ten degrees below zero.
FIRS
jmany years wiien ti tas oeen more nu-.
SNOW AT FLAGSTAFF i portant for tiie Republicans to gain
FLAGSTAFF. Jan. 9 Snow which control of the hous of rei-resenta
covred the ground here to the depth tlves." was made today by William R. j
of from l i to four inches broke a . WUlcox. chairman cf the Republican!
drought which had existed since Aug- n.uii nalc omniiltee in a statement an
ust. and caused livestock men here to nouncing the purposes of the tmmit-.
see relief from a situation which they tee meeting at St. Louis on February j
say has seriously threatened that In-, ljth. i
dustry. j "The importance of the economic
squesMons that will come up for solu-1
WYOMING STORM SWEPT ! tion at the close of the war. or even;
CHEYENNE. Wyo.. Jan. 9. A driv- te(or. cannot be overstated." he said.!
ing snow storm accompanied by a -Th history of the nation In the last 1
diop of tMrty degrees in temperature sixtT VMrs shows that the ivmocrtio '
swept over eastern ana soutnern y-
oming tonight. The temperature to-
.w. i J w-l ..w
",i"rAu.zr,r."-T' ",
m further drop to ten predicted
Trains are moving virtuallv
schedule.
,
CHICAGO. Jan. 9. The ecorts of all
Chicago to clear away the blanket of
snow which for tour days has nici.aced
the citv with famine and conf'ss ra
tion still left 90 percent of the streets
blocked to vehicle tragic tody.
Millionaires and laborers, in answr
to'the call of the mayor, worked Vide
by side in the streets to cler ivit
the drifts and permit deliveries of
od
and fuel. Efforts were also made t
m kr.ir.Ki. ....i.i is. .im
i ger of conflagration. H
Brigandage
J i By Kevk-w te nsed Vir
j GKNEVA. Jan. 9. A complete
. report rtn-eived here says that with-
') in the Ottoman empire there are :
hovinc bands of brigands estimated '
' to number 3i3t.lHH. They are mostly '
') armed deserters from tlie army anl
j are bent on pillage. They een j
venture near ti.wns and sometimes ,
attack regular troops in ordT to ;
i! get arms and fool. '
f 1
WAGE
WILLBEASKED
RAIL LABOR
Organized Workers on Rail-j
roads of the Country are Ex
pected to Ask McAdeo forj
Increase in the Wages Paid.
rriv Rovtew Lei! Wlre
i WASHINGTON. Jan. 9. Higher
wages will be asked or tne railroad ,
administration soon by nearly all
classes of organiied railroad labor. It '
was learned today that many pending
wage disputes will be transferreu to ;
the government from railway esecu- j
lives' boards, and in other cases new
demands will be formulated for pre-j
'sentation to Director General McAdoo.
j who probably will deal with Cm j
j throuch investigating boards. !
I Strikes are i?ot contemplated by j
jany organization, it is said, and wage,
questions will not be put up to thej
! director general as demands. Rail-j
road labor leaders are represented as (
I not seeking to take advantage cf gov--1
ernment operation to press for more
! pay. but rather as pointing out the I
j necessity of wage Increases to keep j
! employes from being attracted to
other industries. j
Confer With McAdoo.
l p to the present, tne only general ,
ed by Director General McAdoo arej
those presented by the four railway!
i brotherhoods and the switchmen's un
!ten. whose president, S. E. Heberling.;
'conferred with Mr. McAdoo today.,
The brotherhoods case will beinve-
tigated by board of four to be named '
j by the director general tomorrow, and j
i he also may ask this body to inquire i
, into the switchmen's demand, which ,
I now is being considered by a commit
i tee of railway executives representing
.all roads. j
' The director general announced to-;
j night that be expected to name rail-
i road directors for certain sections of
the conutry to assist him in a Iminist
. ering government ooeratioty but said
' he had not determined how many !
wouid be appointed nor what territory:
ieach director would supervise. Mr.
! McAdoo said specifically that lie did 1
I not plan to name state directors. I
Hearings on Bill.
The senate and house Interstate
commerce cimmittees today continued .
hearings on the railroad bill. Before
the hocse committee. Interstate Com-j
merce Commissioner Anderson reiter-;
ated that it seemed impracticable to I
change the bill to provide for termina- j
tion of government control at a spect-j
ttVntinueil n Vice Five
Republicans of
Nation Prepare
For Fall Fight
NEW YORK. Jan. 9 The assertion ,
that there -hs not been a time in
partT has never shown competence.
in dealing !
questions of
"- - -
- ith great economic
the country. The importance, there-,
fore cf the coming congtessional elec-j
j tion cannot be overestimated.
"This Is no time lor recognition oi i
obstructive pacifists, no matter how
well n ear.ing they may be. not is it a
t'me for good citizens to be dtvideJ .
in their zeal for upholding the govern
ment. This does not mean at there
srou'd be anv slackening of the ef-'
'orts cf the Repub'K ans to e'et con-
elt-tions. ine Kepuouoan parry
stands tor foatty to me government
s no other no'itical oi gan:zsiKn ever
did or can." J
V
HIGHER
BY NEARLY ALL
Pi!
RLEYS FOR
PEACE AGAIN
ESUMED 81
THE RUSSIANS
Russian Soldiers Urge Bolshe
viki Representatives to "Be
Firm'' and Make no Dishon
orable Peace With Hun.
iHy Revk-w Leawd Vir
PETKOGRAU, Tue.saay, Jan. 8. a
the Russian pece delegates passed
along the way to reuew the negot'a
ticns with the Germans, the Russian,
troops iu ti.e trencher near Brest Lit
ovsk urired upon Leoa Trotsky, the
Bolshevik foreign minister:
"Be firm. Don't make a dishonora
ble peace."
A dispatch detailing this and other
lmporta.it facts was received at Smui
ny. the Bolshevik headquarters this
afternoon. Trotiky replied la this urg
ing: "We did not overthrow the ciar to
bow to German imperialism.
The tenor of the dispatch indicated
that tr.e Russians would continue to
ins-ist upon the transfer of the confer
ence to a neutral state in order to gain,
more publicity, which the Russians
consider extremely important.
Watching the Pres ,
The Bolshevik hea-.lquarters is re
ceiving by telegraph the comments of.
the German press, among others that
of the Frankfurter Zeitung, which in
an editorial, declares that Germany
should not hesitate to move the con
ference elsewhere, as the question of
place was no rock on which to break
off this most important conference.
Peace delegates of I'kraine conferr
ed yesterday at Brest Utovsk with tut
Bolshevik delegates and reached an
anree:nent whereby the Russian au
thorities consent to consider I'krrii.e
an independent factor la making su 't
terms as its leaders deem vivi.-aMtj
with the Germans.
SUCCESSFUL RAID.
WITH THE FRK.WH ARMIES IN
FRANCE. Jan. 9. (By tl.e Assoc!w:ed
Press Or.e of the most successful
raids into the German lines in si:i:e
time was executed yesterday by IVr
eigal.egior.r.aires and shartshiyters.
who attacked and ;vretrted enemy
poi;ions along a front oT a mite and
to a depth of talf a mile in front of
Fl.tev ar.d welv.-;ird toward St. Mi
hicl. c.iptur'nt ITS officers, non-com-misslor.ed
officers and n ?n. The
ircps returned to th ir own positions
kfter con plelciy cari"is the Grman
defenses. The recauco.iered both tae
first and second German lines, ktled
or ctptured everp orcunitnt and car
tied oft numbers of machine guns and
trench mortars.
Thes urprise was so complete that
the Genr.an artillery did not conie into
action until French victory had been
accomplished. The French casualties
did not reach a dozen, while German
bodies cover thickly the positions over
run by the attackers.
NO FLOUR IN HAVANA
I Hv Review t VVtrel
HAVANA. Jan. 9. Beginning toinor
row Havana will be a city ithout
wheat bread. The last avai'abl-J s;;n
uly of flour has been diviviel among
the hospitals and asylums and by cr
der of the defense board no wheal
bread is to be placed on sa!e. Tt is
condition must continue, it U stated,
until the I'nited Slates food adminis
trator permits the exportation ol it -r
to this city. The defense board ad.--es
the public to eat "com pfio" or
some other substitute toi wheal oread
lard also is virttol!.- unootfc nalile.
and the price is altu.m proLibiMve.
COACCONFISCATED
CHICAGO. Jan. 9. A carload of coM
consigned to E. S. Moore, niiliioim.re
and vice-presi leut of the American
Brake Shoe Company, for use a his
Lake Forest residence, was on!od t
day by State Fuel Administrator John
E. Williams acting on orders frxiu
Washington.
This action followed conip'ain-s bat
t;e wealthy residents of Lke Forest
are getting coal la carload lots while
the poor in the suburbs ,re getting
little Mel. In the ftitur it was de
clared, the rich will be forced to eso
catds to obtain fuel on the same basis
as their poorer neighbors.
BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS
iHv Rfview t.e!l Wire
NEW YORK. Jan. 9. An involun
tary petition in bankruptcy was li'ed
in fexleral court here nvlay acamst
Claren-e Payne, who. when bo came
to this city from Cal.forn:a a few years
ago. was reputed to have a fortune ot
The petitioners are Tiffany a- Cow
;3..:i for jewelry: Black. Suit and
FrosL jewelers. $;2T2; Stem Utotn
ers. $;.01S. Robert C Knapp and Hetf
ry Brady were appointed rec-rrers.
-r THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 10, 1918.
r
going
GOING!! GONE!!!
7)!
! I
New York Fights
Boston for Coal
of many anion men. especially in the ;
saloons.
mtini.,l from lac Om-k
Sale
SHOP
treat Auction
OF HIGH-GRADE
JEWELRY
RETIRING FROM BUSINESS
LOWELL JEWELRY
LOWELL
"Natbanson & Marcellus
Every article in their large and up-to-date stock of Jewelry, Dia
monds, Cut Glass, Hand-painted China, Etc., must be sold to the
highest bidder.
Auction Now Going On JcKf
Every Afternoon at 1 :30, Evening 7 o' Clock, until the entire stock
is disposed of.
Valuable souvenirs will be given at each sale. Tickets will be
given to EVERY PERSON attending our auction and you do not
have to make a purchase to entitle you to the souvenirs, which will
be selected daily from our High Grade Stock.
On the last day of the sale a SPECIAL SOUVENIR valued at
$50.00 will be given to some lady or gentleman.
FRED ST. CLAIR, Auctioneer
SHOWCASES, CASH REGISTER AND
ALL FIXTURES FOR SALE.
DENIES HYLAN REQUEST.
Pa- Tt.-vi.tr I Vir
WASHINGTON". Jan. Puel Ad
tninistrator Garfield denied a request
by Mayor Hylan tif N w York ;o!ay
that coal nioTinp to New Kncland be
diverted to avert a famine in New
York. He said that while everytMns
possible would be .lone for New York,
all eastern cities would have to shi re
the sbortape caused by December's
low production. T!e on'.er directinc
5'M cars of coal a day to ito to Nw
Cneland. will not be modified. Kx
plsinic? tonipst his reasons for con
tinuing shipments to New Ltigland.
even at the expense of other repions.
Dr. Garfield said that it was necessary
V
I
J
THIRTY: PER CGIT
Or FLOOR If THE
Mill FOR M:
meuts and where awards are made to
mills on such bids, such awards will
be Fnpplied as a part of the 30 per
cent lequired by the food administration."
CHAPLAINS ON RECORD.
Bv Revf-w I-R-l Virf
.'ITH THK AMERICAN IN
FRANCE. Tuesday. Jan. 8. (By the
Associated Press. Chaplains of both
! Protestant and Catholic faiths have
just issued reports to the government
Bv R-vi.-w l-eaix-d AVire 'in which it is maintained that the
WASHINGTON. Jan. . To supply morals of the men of the American
the needs or the army and the navy expeditionary force are most excel
and the nations associated with the ' eDt ,
United tSates in the war against Ger- -in performing our priestly fane-
LABOR IS AMPLE
SAYS SECRETARY
IN DISCUSSION
advisability of closing all amusements
at a stated hour, as has been done in
Massachusetts.
Drastic Measures
BOSTON. Jan. 9. Drastic measures
1 for the conservation of fuel and lisht
are provided in an order issued today
, by James Slorrow, fuel administrator
, for New Ena'.and. applicable through
, out Massachusetts.
The crder which is to take elect on
; Monday provides that office banking
! and other business huildines shall not
he heated on Sundays and holidays or to keep New Kagland munitions plants
on Saturday after 12 noon, or on other supplied.
days after 5 p. tu . except sufficient to ( Fuel Head Criticised,
prevent freezing. No elevator service ; The fuel administration came in for
shall be given on Sundays, holidays, sharp criticism in the house in debate
or between 6 p. m. and 7 a. m. on other preceding adoption of a hill authorii
days. 'tR fie interior department to draw-
Stores generally are ordered to open plans and report to congress on the
at 9 a. m. and close at 5 p. m. but are cost of establishing government fuel
allowed to remain open until 10 p. m. . yards in Washington for the stot-ige
on Wednesdays and1 Saturdays if that of coal to be purchased in the summer
has been their regular practice, Ptaar-' at lower prices for use of government
' macies may remain open after 10 p. m. ' departments.
I but the use of electric light is restrict-! Representative Campbell of Kansas
i ed. Markets and grocery stores may ' said people in New York. Washington
' remain open until 10 p. m. on Satur-, and other cities are suffering and dy
' days. '. tne for lack of fuel because of the fuel
i Theatres, moving picture houses, administration's aimonition to con
j bars, bowling alleys, billiard hails. ' sunari last summer to postpone buy
I public and private dance halls and all lng until after government prices were
j places f amusement shall close at 10 fixed.
! p. m. Theatres and dance halls may Representative Madden of lliinoise
open earlier than usual. Every night said the "coal operators are getting
1 except Saturday shall be a "lightless rich at the expense of the overburdet
night." ed tax payers." and Representative
I i Foster of the same state, who mas In
AMUSEMENTS RESTRICTED. charge of the bill, declared that if the
! jBr Revjew leased vtre . government cannot control prices it
BOSTON Jan. S -Amusement in- uke, OVPr ,he min
i terests. including the Boston Theatre
'Managers' association, entered pro- .
tests tonight against orders issued by
James J. Storrow. New England fuel
administrator, today calling for early
closing in the interests of fuel con-
serration.
Speakers at a meeting of the theatre .
, managers termed the order too drastic
i and urjust and said it would result in
permanent closing ol uie piaynouses. the custoiT pf tne Wj,r department
, The association named a committee and imediatelv transferred to deten-
to call on the fuel administrator to- ticn camp, on Hie other hand aliens
I morrow. Owners of bowling alleys and ,hus arrested on suspicion but are
i public dance halls asserted the order, jnstomarilv released on pamle. re-
if enforced for any length of time, quired to give bond for good conduct
woul mean their ruin. ,nd por, at snort intervals to a per-
! Organized labor leaders also joined saUsfactorv to the department,
i in protest saying that while the order known as asupervisor."
i for the early closing of all business " "
; would result In a citywide eight
j hqur day something they had been
seeking for years yet they feared it
would open the way for the discharge
u
German Women
To Be Restricted
Continued from Pacv On-
MINISTER VEHEMENT.
B- Rn-iw lyeaseil Wirel
WASHINGTON. Jan. . -fiiere
i our task to make the supply ec,ual to
the demand, which will involve trans
. porta t ion of workmen voluntarilv
; from one section to another, housing
i them in their new homes, and training
I unskilled men when the skilled supply
in any particular line of work Is short"
Mr. Wilson was asked what opposi
j tion was expected from the unions to
dilution of labor.
Attitude of Labor
"If the apprentice rules of the un-
. Ions are adhered to,"
he replied
if
it
we
ttv Review I.en;W Wire '
CHICAGO. Jan. 9. "Any report
which seeks to make it appear our
army at home or abroad is dmnken
is Ticiously false." Dr. S. B. Hingeley.
corresponding secretary of the board
of conference of the Methodist Epis
copal church, declared today after
visits to nine training camps contain
ing approximately 10.0'Kt men. He
said that reports to him from abroad
indicated similar conditions among the
men "over there." In general, he said
he found moral conditions in the tra'n
Ing camps better than they are in
civil life.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
naTbelHow Long Must I Suffer
From the Pangs of Rheumatism?
army and fo rindustry. the problem to J K , to n.k:Uen work
one of proper adjustmenL" secretary Z... . - ,K,
many, the orod aomsnisiranon -win . tions," the report says fit has been "- sa touay in uicussin piaus , we j, nave to work out
purchase from every flour mill in the our privilege to travel considerably of. tne department of labor ior mobil- j ;
country not to exceed 30 per cent ot among the troops and it pleases as ,BUs woraers.
its output. ' immensely to be able to state that ' "Most of the anxiety in this country
Out of the flbur purchased, it was that we find the moral conditions very regarding the labor question
S -: a . v .j-t.ictMhrtn m-il t risfntnrv a reflev of Great Britain's pvnerienres
i It U. iWU " " . - a j
retain at all times a reserve stock and in the war." Mr. Wilson said. "Of,
:n .k;. ..r Mini whsr. th muiQii tv ruiuRcc prMniNR 20.000.000 oersons enirae.! in cainfiil '
local supply might be short. rv Review lal wire) occupations in England 5.&W.0O0 were ; Is there HO real relief in Sight? nect good, for they cannot possibly
ftffiriai. VjtHMnt LONDON. Jan. 9. Thechanges in taken for the army, leaving the labor ; . reach these germs which infest yonr
. .v. . rr,i 1. .. v,,i .j sncolv 25 nercent short 1 his necessi- i Doubtless like other sufferers. YOU blood br the millions.
"Tiis measure is not taiten wun a t.:L,'. . . ...if .hi. n,.i ;; ; v hM.n ,reefr,H nW
skilled workmen in order to maintain tion, which continues to remain on- for Rheumatism for more than fatty
the industrial life at home. i answered. I years.' Iry it to-fiay. and you wia
Situation Differe.it i lcience has proven that yonr Khen- j hnd yourselt at Ust on tne ngni
-America s istuatioa is very differ-' natism is caused by a germ in your i track to get rid of your Rheumatism.
ent. Of course the draft will
wits industry to some extent.
new ot aimimsning supplies to me r c.-mv rimm u.
market.' said an administration an- narai ttr John jellicoe by Mce Ad-
nouncement, "but is to fundamental- miral Sir Ross!yn Weymss have been
ly further adequate handling of trans- effected, and htt wi'l be in effect a
portaiion in respect to army, navy and naval genera! stair will be created.
export requirements and a regular sup- !n making thenew appointments.
ply of flour for the associates in the which have not yet ben officially an-
ry differ-' matisnt is caused by a germ in your j track to get rid ot your Kheumatism.
interfere blood, and the only war to reach it is I You can get valuable advice about the
t but we by remedy which eliminates and re- ! treatment of your individual case by
whom rn. moves these little pain demons from Iwritinj to the Chief Medical Adviser,
war of the United States at favorable nounced. po retard has been paid to DrovflDateIv' i 00 ooo will b taken in rr blood. This explains why lini- ; Swift Specific Co, DcpL D
loading points and more regular now seuionry. fjrst r of v less 1han aicnts and lotions can do no pcrsaa- Ianta. Ua.
of the commodity and to prevent con
gestion and inequalities in stocks of
flour oming to transport dififcuISes.
"Notice will be sent to each mlTI at
least two weeks in advance of the per
ecntage of output which the food ad
ministration desires to obtain from
them for a subsequent period of 30
SECRET RECIPES CAPTURED
LONDON. Jan. 10 A grouu of n.en
in the British textile trarfe has captur
ed the secret recipes of the great Ger
man dye industry, arroiriiiig to the " , ;
Daily Mail, which displays fie lten . . .v. s
normal number unemployed. Our prob
lem then is one of readjustment to
supply the demand for workers in
those trades which are expanding rap
idly, such as shipbuilding and muui-
under large heads.
Thereipes. num- s j . j c.r,,. .
days. Bids D1 be made in the usoal benng o.. belonged to the great Bad Mhm For instance. t),.re f, unt.m.
manner ior army ana navy requ.r- -re aoa are bj m me seep- nInvm,nt in the hinlriin trades
ing of a London baa
it is
FTiZ.WCII EXHIBIT GUS'S CAPTURED AT CIIEMIX
DES DAMES IX FliOXT OF FAMOUS SOISSOXS CHURCH
Hundreds of German pans have
jeen arrayed for exhibition in front
of the famous church L'Jean des
Vijrnes at Soissor.s. They were cap
tured in the fighting along- the
Cheznin des Dames and attract thou
sands of curious Frenchmen.
The Government Rqnires More Sulphur
The WARREN SULPHrR AND OIL COMPANY Is testing out 100
acres, which they recently purchased. They have both OIL and SUL
PHUR developed in one welL for the purpose of developing and
equipping on a larger scale, they will continue selling the shares at
15 cents for a bhort time only.
FOR FULL PARTICULARS, SEE
F. BRIGGS & CO.
. B. Mason Bldg.. Phone 701.
Lowell. P. O. Box 3007
. -.1
ai ' -
?
e
A,
t ; .
s-
'
: 1 7 X
L J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondent: Paine, Weber & Co Boston, Dulutn, Cilun-t.
LOGAN L BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION lUVEN CCPPER STOCK.
a -. t-e - s- - - r?
r: -n't i
-w . a
r . . F -
4....-
t'ttnchatefi crod to re acrman death dealers.
Bisbee Dye and Cleaning
PHONE 296 W C lkS PHONE 296
Opposite Bisbee Auto C Dmpany, Upper Main SL
IlTz o Does Ycur Cleaning?
Start the New Year ri.ht and ser.d your work to
us. We have the best eqt ipped plant in the ccunty,
and can handle any thins; thrt can be cleaned. Phone us
and cur mr.chine will call, a id we will deliver ycur ga.
mercs -.vhert jou want them.
T!?ere is soT.e:hing of the n;e"-;iir frel.ntvs aNn-.t every winter
garment cleansed hy us. Through cur servi e the rew aperane
of wearing apparel nay he retain -J Indefinitely. P-i i-r cleansir.s
at ren lar intervals is the most intelHsent economy that cr.n le
prat"ti(-pl, I t us add usefulness tr your winter c.irniep.ts by keep
ing thni new and fre?Ji and attr-.ctie. Let our slc:iu be yoii's.
Service. Sincerity and Quality.
TRY US AND CE CONVINCED
IF YOU
HAVE
SOMETHING
TO SELL
LET JACK KNOW
He Will Sell
It Fcr You
Jack Ashf orth, the Rhode
Island Jew, who keeps
Jack's Place by the side of
the road on the way from
Hereford to the Huachuca
Mountains.
On the first and third Fri
day of each month Jack will
have a sale at his place of
abcut every article under
the sun. Many people will
be there to buy. Every one
knows Jack is on the square.
So if you have something
you want badlj' to get rid
of for a cash consideration,
bring it to Jack's place and
set your. lowest price on it.
Only a small commission
upon sale of goods.
J.B.
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
Telephone 449
A Phone Call Will Bring Ua.
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHOP
Highest Cash Prices Paid For
Metal. Rubber, Rags. Sacks, Bottles,
Bones. Iron, Hides. Pelts, stc
HOROWITZ BROTHERS. Proprietors
Lowell. Arizona,
THE REVIEW
Job Department
wH furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
WaTKINS & BERGQU1ST
Jewelers and Opticians
L
The HALLMARK W
EYE NERVE GLASSES
I fit glasses without
drugs, drops or danc
er, and guarantee sat
isfaction. Phones: Office 13S,
Residence Black 43L
OR. R. GLAZE. Ophthalmologist.
Upstairs, Over Woolworth's Store.
Do You
Know of a Better Way
to Invest That Bonus
Than to
Improve
Your Own
Home?
Probably there is no other way
the Company would rather see you
invest it.
We have everything In the build
ing line that you might need and
the QUALITY is the BEST and the
PRICE is RIGHT.
DON'T u:t that
HOUSE CONTRACT UN
TIL YOU HAVE SEEN US,
Gibson -Hines
Lumber Co.
J. W. F. SMITH
Phone S3
Manager
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse A Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
. Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
: catarrh:
SrrWrWirWrrrrWV
CHICHESTER S PILlS
Villa K4 M w wbV
Vv -I . mm.i kl . V
I Jf u)xik nt.M rilUhu
SOLD Ft PRlfiGPTS WHLKf
HENESSEY
UNDERTAKING PARLORS
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
Renew Your Insurance
With
BRUCE PERLEY
Copper Queen Hotel. Bisbee, Ariz.
r
DANCE
EAGLE HALL,
EVERY
SATURDAY
EVENING
S:30
(F. O. E. 175)
SHAW'S ORCHESTRA
Our Shop Is New
and Sanitary
We will appreciate your patronage
and assure you of courteous treat
ment. SUNSET BARBER SHOP
(Wool worth Bldg Main Street)
f RneriKartre Prrur
V
1 :V r.Ni i n i- '-rSTS-iV i,a
11-"- ISl r " " " I t II f 1
GOOD LUMBER IS AT THE
BOTTOM
ot our success. Low prices may
help some, but it's the fine qual
ity of our lumber that brines
onr , customers back time and
aca'.n. U par us to sell icvi
lumber. It will par ytu better
to bur it. It lasts longer and
Is more satKfsctorT to work up.
Try us with an order and youll
come back when you want taore.
Bisbee Lumber Company. inc
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE St. THREE
- - - - - - 11 - -1 - - -
TWO TDRMER
lx::?'i!!e. The two of them iia.l cot
en into a poVer --.rue in Louisville
, and had lost all their money.
J TeMs cf Hold-up
; "Thou we til gun aid went ground
.ami took the nu'ney away from ti.e
i gamblers." he xplaine!. "and i !: y
, sent us up for it. 1 served two years
Cattlemen Want
Appointee Held
Since R Fonda aniiomutd that
HERE TUEY
A HE THOSE AMEBIC AX EXGIXEERS
IVIIO GAVE FRITZ YAXKEE F1GIITIXG AT CAMBRAI
DiODLL IlLOiOLHIO
TO LIFE IMPRISONMENT
an.I l.;vemor Hent 1 used to know
e l-.:l letn awiuism the wisiiinn of
THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 10, 1912.
SENTTO
;eh-i.re There is go..d in me. I tlre" ' u iU a .
Louis SuncJeeri and Barney Schi?!?r Given Maximum Penalty
Under the Law and Judge Pattee Regrets That He Cannot
Give Sundeen More.
rh-i.re There is go.-d
myself at yocr ruero."
Juiee Patt?e repented a part of his
statera. nt to Sunden.
Vy greatest regret perhaps Is thtit
some distinction could not be made
between you and Sundeen. If Cie law
permitted. I should make a distinction
by making the sentence of tr.e othr
defendant .greater."
Schiller Eauatlv Guilty
Louis Sundeen and Barney Schiller, ! not to cheer myself, male in crnfi
two former Bisbee residents, were dence."
Tuesday sentenced a: Tucsoa to liiei "Every criminal," began Judge Pat
ipmrisonment in the state peniientla-i tee. "w ho commits a crime lias some
ry at Florence for the murder of sorrow and repentance afterward. I
Charles Loeb at Pastime Fark near, have no doubt thai you in common
was a butcher and worked in most of crime and are ner.itr :.i The ti forimay nave ,,,te, mmoT Part
ctte.i'.pt ;o ba.e this pa-si.iou ritiir-.ii
b' !'er T":t:::ps? n. sh' was app Mitel
about one month avo at the reqjt t
i :b? tuttlemen w..st interested in
this office. It is cliia-.ed that Mr.
Thompson has not oniy lr.d lorg ex
perience ia r-ar,d!in; 'attic, tut that
lie has lent: service as tn ofiier to
iiis credit. On this account he is re
garded as having superior qualifier-
the local markets here and also in the
mines a few days. Schiller worked in ;
the various miaes here off and on for i
about eighteen years and is quite well
known.
these feelings, however, is before, net
after the crime, and they cannot be
ta'ien into consideration. You have
confessed to as cold-blooded murder
as ever disgraced the annals of the
He declared that the law made cr t oas '!;r discharging the dul-es of cut-
person who jcined in a plan to commit :!e l,0T- Thompson's ap-
a crime a principal in the events that ' poin,nlent was not ,iPrl'lrl 'th r-o '
followed. la the eyes of the law the but c"'e :-rom lh sanity board
crime in tliis case was a rsreftiily ,ft ,,," u'?"1 reiuest of democrats and
planned murder in which, althnucii .republicans alike in this community.
he was I,e s s deiuts-rtt and has always own
There- "'! o his parly and to party mid:-
In sentencing Scndeen. the first to 1 state of Arizona. The law states that
come before h.m. Judae Pattee deplor
ed t's inabilitT to imnose a mr.r .
a person who soes to perpetrate a rob
bery and carries with him a deadly
Teie sentence. To Schiller's plea for weapon and kills, is puilty of murder.
merCT. JllH? T'fltttfkA AaArA t . If II TiT-onmAo V- nMMA:.s
the law allowed he would have made ; presumes such a person will ton at I cr,me' to nra,cenian
a distinction between his sentence and nothing who pawned it for $4. of which Ross
that of Sundeen by matins Sun-j No Punishment adequate j for 2 and the brakeman left the city .
deen's sentence heavier. -Gn your own statement you P1' thC UcM' j
Mistaken Sentiment i gv.iity of one of the most atrocious!
' In 3enteccins Sundeen. Jndrre Pat- tr;mes ti3at as ever come to aiy es-i ""ri'e F'",Trp5ri f.-r t-s Tr'e '
penence cn tae bench or as attorney I " . "' ;
No punishment is adequate to punish j f01" bepii!" texe
an caease cf such a crime." r'VT'' ?
Regrettias his inabilitr to impose ,t! Z. TZ''" ,
""O. 111 juufce i,ien lai- eoafo.-, tir, the ftr: from lije W, rd
just as suiltv as Butch wa
fore. Judge rattee said be could norj:'rs- Mt. Thompson lett fr Phoenix
nnder the law make any distinction. ; yesterday with a petition comainin,-
He then imposed sentence of life im- 'he rarr.es cf alnioft every ca;;lcii;an
prisorment for first degree murder, i 'n this section and wiil file with toe
It developed yesterday that the re- sanitary board together with his appii-.
Tolver with which the murder had . ration fcr the position.
been committed had been given by i
John Ellis Ross alias Alexander koiL
er of the house in which the irjrder- T?nc Z-jf hn To
- -ki ; ; '-hM
. , , i..-ri h IV; ;
Ancrkms who had Erst brush with the Germans.
V"r..-r. the Gorr;. n. ir a turr.ir. movement near CamNrai after General rynjr's bijr drive, ran across rum-
Lead Sport Now
her
cc-it.. uct:oii
.v-a!. e.-iirc s rvpa.ms: a rai;roa.t tne anKees put oown toois o. construction, toos up iooia u
.rid a.tf the Ccrni.-.i a l:tUe toucb of Amt;rick.a f.htinfi in har.d-to-kaad coaibtt.
e said
I sm sorry that the gaod people of
this aiste mistakenly changed the pen
aty far orfensea of thit kind. It w.'as
done with a feeling of mercy, but it
was a mistake because no punishment
is adequate that is now allowed by law
mm an enense as you, upen your
own statement, have teen guilty of.
But the law is as ft is, and I can Im
pose only one penalty. The juge-
meni or tne court is that you are guil
ty or tne crime of murder in the .first
degree and that you be punished there
fcr by imprisonment in tr state pris
on at Florence for the term cf your
natural life, the term cf imprisonment
to ceg:n today."
-a'i ej t-ruui. co-aerendzut with
Sundeen and Schillee. who had broken
the aereement to plead pu-ltv. waive J
ins prerm-rary examination vesiei-
day in the justice court and es taVi
to 'be superior conrt. where he piead-
ei rot puilty. ns attorney. John E.
Hushes having withdratrn frof! the
case. On his plea cf no funds. John
D. Mackay was appointed his attnmev
He will be given a trial.
Each Man's Confession
The sentencing of SunJeen nu
Elackie was marked by cold-blooded
confessions of both Sundeen and
Blackie before the court, which too!;
some time. Each sought to explain
his participation.
Sundeen was sentenced first Ju3.ce
Paitee, before a full court room called
the man to receive his sentence and
after reading the charge against hi;
told him that the decision of tr.e
court was that he had been guilty of
murder in the first degree under" the
law. He asked if be had anything to
say.
The judge was compelled to raise
his voice for the benefit of the prison
er, who Is Eligttly deaf.
"Have you anything to sp.t as to
why this sentence should not be pro
nounced V inquired the j.idce.
Robbery Was Motive
"Yes." said Sundeen slowly. "I have
I want to explain the way i: happened
and to tell for what purpose we went
there. We went there with the inten
tion of robbing him."
Here Sundeea folded nis arms, nit
hands being manacled.
"We had no Intention of killing
him and I tm not saying thU to clear
myself or blame anybody. 1 was the
first in the store. I took two l?aps
and was in the door aud I leveie-j
down on him. "C'harI.e." I says,
."throw up your hands.' He grinned ti
me and I said. Throw them up.' and
he oily put bis left hand under tre
bar. He made me believe he was go
injc to shoot me through the bar. It
ran through my mind he w as going tu
shoot."
He paused for a moment of recol
lection. Calmfy Recitss Story
i shot him through the shoulder.'
he continued calmly, "and he hollered
I tried to shoot ffiai again in the shoul
der, but the shot went a little tuc
hiph and it went into hU head.
He paused again for a moment and
continued slowly atd carefully.
"I went to the door w: ere r.;ackie
was then and I said I killed hiiu.
B'.arkie said. "Well, look around and
see if you can find anv mcnev.
"I looked aci I did not see ny mon
ey. I was sorry I had ki'ied him. I
said. I am going.' Elackie said. 'Wait
better look around for some monev.
No" I said, you can stick if yoa want
to but I ani going.' I ws scrry I had
killed the man. I wanted to ret away
to get out to the machine."
Here an idea seemed to occur to
him.
Planned to Tie Him
"There's scmethir.g else I didn't
speak of." he bersn a?a?n. "We had
a rope with us. We were gojr.g to tie
uo the man and then we were going to
rob him. After tvat we were going tc
telephone from the city pretending to
be at Pastime Pak and tell the poikc
so that the man would be rut out of
his misery sooa.
' "There ar several here in the
house I would like to put on the stani
who tell as to what they heard .me say
before the "
"No." said Jjdge Pattee. "the law
will not permit."
"There are certain things I hae to
say." he broke in. "I am only 2S yesr
old. There might be something good
I cen do yet. There might be some
sraa'l good in r: There is a persor:
in the house who was in jail w ith n
whr I thotsht was a criminal, who
wou'd te'I how I tdd him of my plan?
for the future if ! eer had another
chance. Remarks that it would be dif
ferent from this cn. Remarks made
"The prisoner is remanded to the j and Ix-nm.-o: s?-r-j erb.rs aril it,
custody of the sheriff." he concluded.! mnmtmurmu. Trj it to-day.
Schiller was called to receive sea-:
third game will be Thursday. Jan. 17th rector. Oliver Brown has been select
Basket bay will be a very prominent between ti Alumni team and Tomb- ed by the physical committee to act
sport in the Y. M. C. A. gymnasium for stone Canyon. The cor.iple'e schedule as referee throughout the tournament.
tne next few weeks. The city league will be rublihed next week.
will begin the schedule of games Sat- At present there are six teams in
nrday night. Jan. 12th, This game the league. The completion cf the
schedule is ein.r held up to allow
two o'her teams to enter the league.
If there is a team that wishes to en
ter, report at once to the physical Ui-
HUGHES FORMING MINISTRY.
will be between the high school and
faculty teams. The second game will
be staged Tuesday. Jan. loth, between
Company L and the Assayers. The
The games will be played on Tuesday
and Thursday evenings at 7 p. m. ex
cept the Saturday ni.ghtanie which
will bi at 7:30. AH players must be
registered at the physical directors
office before appearing for a game.
i By Review L:9rl Win?)
MEHiOl'RXE. ."an. S. Officii an
nouncement i4 made that William
Motris Huches. who yesterday tender
ed his resignatkn of the Nationalist
government to the governor general
tecsn-e of the defeat cf conscription,
fs reconstructing the ministry.
tence. He, too. had something to ex
plain.
Schiller's Statement
"I have lived in Arizona fourteen
years. I worked in Bisbee for twelve
years and in different camps. I have
never been in trouble until I met this
man sundeen rive months ago. Right i
after the s;rike in Bisbee Butch want !
ed to stick up somebody at Sasco. He 1
tnou..it to slip up on te thins at Sas
o. We went there. I dicn't want to
go. but something changed about it
and I went back to Birhee and Dutch
came there and ta'fced of sticking up '
jous ana i got Qisgusted and finally I
went to Globe tame back to Bisbee
anu louna Sundeen had gone to Tuc-I
son and somebody told me he had i
stuck somebody up and got a hundred
doilars or like that. So I came to Tuc-1
son and met him and another young !
fellow named Pruitt together and i
they talked about everything that wasi
good for stickups and I got disgusted i
and went tack to Bisbee and went to I
work for the C. & A. and finally got I
my time and 1 came back to Tucton i
and saw Sundeen through the window
of the hotel. I went ia and found Sim
deen and Fraht flopped on the bed. 1
had made r.p my mind to go on to Sai;
Pedro aad work in the shipyards. Wr
-ent to eat at the cabinet and the
wanted me to go with them ta try ;v'e
thing at Sasco again and I didn't w ar -'
to go and we all slept in the sat t
room. Well, this Officer Nelson ue :
to come there at night and thev were '
all talking of jobs and this r'i t: ,.
and I finally get disgusted ar-d f
Hied for a oh of rmCroang. tnj . -
December l I got in n:r atynlicaMnn
and wen' that dav to Lordshnrtr , K:
Taming and cot back on recemhi-i
22 and went to the room where there!
rre Bu'.ch Joe Ascevedo. Pruitt and ,
Nelson, all there telling over thin- !
On December 21 Butch decided to go i
ro the Pastime Park with M;,n i
but it was too late at nicht rn t' o ;
night of December 2; Prjitt drove the !
car and went ahead to see who was i
in the house. At 2 o'clock we crawled j
n End kid down aicng the board fence
in the sai.d bank. i
"As Hie lat machine pulled out I '
w sorie women out on the porch.!
-ith the man saying good night to him t
nd ti n 1 saw he was on old man and
something hit me inside, and I didn't I
want to go any further. Butch was!
anxious to go right ia but I thought j
of hira being an old man and 1 hung-j
hack and Butch urged me on. I was!
thirty feet behind him whgn he went'
n:o the place and I heard two 6hots. '
I had looted through the window bs
fore I hit the threshold and there was'
no soutid of any kind. .
"Cold-Blooded Murderer"
" This man was a cold-blooded mur
derer, be walked in there and killed I
'his man. for when I looked through!
'he w irdow the man was eating some1
bread, lie couldn't have made anr re-!
Fistarce. It was just like I d walked !
nn to the man here and shot him down j
There was no murder in mv heart and
never was. I never killed a man in
ny life. B itch was so excited that he I
lsrea me wnere the revolver was and
!t was lying before Us eyes. He said.
"I've a notion to kill mvself. and per
haps he thought he would kill me. too.
"We wr.t bark to the machine ani
?ot in and went bark to the rojni ani!
B'ttch was t-lling me about vnv yellow i
strea-. Ketold me to stay in" town !
and Nelson came around and I srave !
:p ray run and w e framed an ali"i artd i
I met Butch at the station when 1 1
went to go back to Lnrdsburg and he
wanted 'o fight with me. Nelson told
us iiti iiaj arreiea jce ior munHT
o I swiyed in town and I lad a taik
with Joe. I was sleepy and went to
'he room and slept on the bed with
Pruitt ani Sundeen uiuil I o'clock the
next afternoon and I went to the diot
icain and met this fellow Tloss with
Sundeen and Butch boasted of butnn
r.g off Charlie and tcld me I wouldn't
kill a man. He said he didn't feel no
-egret or nothing and he despised me
and I didn't see hiro agaia until I get
bark from the roast.
"1 had no intention to coni'nit mur
."er. I b'ok away from Tun a two n:
free fries and I wac'ed to go my
sw-n w?y. I was ju't weak eicuh tr'
go out there with him "
He said he bad worked a year and
a half at Butte and that his brother
was a brakeman on a railroad cut of1
it
iUavUi
f
1 ""IPW VU, Wym'
I ;7V','--- f it U Vr3 'a-sesrs
I Mv;M
'Mi jvjihll " .
"0
i4
BfT
'N these da3Ts of high prices, it's
poor economy to worry aloii
with a bad back that makes the
simplest work a torture, and a full
day's work impossible. If every day
brings morning lameness, sharp
pains when bending or lifting, ner
vousness, and a dull, tired state,
there's surely something wrong.
Likely it's kidney weakness. Urinary
disorders may give further proof.
Don't neglect it. Though easily corrected at first, delay may run you into gravel,
dropsy, crippling rheumatism or dangerous Bright's disease. Get a box of Doan's
Kidney Pills today. They have helped thousands They should helpyou.
& sf L C
Q Story
Bisbee P
eopie
led
fo
il
now
o
o
OPERA DRIVE
Mrs. Saliie Haigler. 209 Opera Drive, says: "1
keep Doan's Kidney Pills on hand. At t.mes when 1
take cold it settles on my kidneys or whew I do too
much heavy housework I have a spell with my back.
When I am that war ditxy, rerrous spells will come
over me and many times spots will seem to float
before my eyes. These attacks make me feel
miserable. 1 have used Doan's Kidney Pills and I
have never had them to fail to quickly remove these
symptoms and make me feel like a different woman
in a short time.
O. K. TRAIL, BOX No. 453
Otto Johnson, miner. 51-D O. K. Trail. Box No.
453. s.ys: "About fear months ago I had a constant
pain across the small of my back and any heavy
lifting; was almost impossible. My kidneys were
weak and I would have, to get up often at night. I
was bothered by d.ur spells, too. 1 knew Ivan's
KUncy Pills were highly recommended by Bisbee
ptvi-le so I decided tc try them. I bought Doan's
at the Central Pharmacy and two boxes cured me
of all the trouble."
TANK HILL
Amos Shreve. 19 Tank Hill, says: "My kidneys
werea't acting regularly and that annoyed me very
much. There was a cull ache in my back over mr
kidneys and It seemed as though it would never let
up. My back was as sore as a KU. When I bent
over or tried to life anything, sharp pains would
catch me. D-oaa's Kidney Pills soon relieved tae
pains in my luck and after 1 had used them awhile
1 war cured of all the trouble."
HIGH ROAD
Mrs. R. K. Covinttton. 2o7 High P.or.d. says: "I
was suffering awfuKy with my Kidneys. My back
ached all thw timo, making my housework burden
some. Any work such as sweeping or dusting which
niade me bond over was especially aard. My kid
neys were very weak, and cause me a lot of annoy
ance. I also was annoyed by nervous, dinv spells
and 1 felt all out of sens.
alt the kidney disorders,"
IHmn's Kidney Pills cured
TEMBY AVENUE
Mr. A. M. Burke. 1J5 Temby Ave., says: "I shall
never forget the afu! backaches and heavy, dull,
bearing down paio across the small ot my back. My
kilaeys were awfully weak and I suffered with
dizziness and nervous spells. I always telt worn
or.t and had rule or no ambition to do my work.
Doan's Kidney Pills relieved me ot all that suffer
ir.g in a very short time."
' CHIHUAHUA HILL
W. W. GrNty. retired miner. Chihuahua Hill,
says: "When a man gels to be 72 years old he is
very apt to hsve some trouble with his kidneys.
Several years agv m y Kidneys got out of orUer and
the muscles of my back became lame and weak and
rt me every time I bent over. My kidneys be
came weak anj inactive. The kidney secretions
were highly colore J. felt pretty much run down
when I began taking Doan's Kidney Pills, but two
boxes fixetl me un in good shape. Since then I
have used Doan's off and on and they have kept my
kidneys well and my hack strons."
! 08t!l-
-Ji !, ii JL4 V, V
Pills
I Ml Jill
Every Druggist has Doan's, 60c a box. Foster-Mil burn Co., Manufacturing Chemists, Buffalo, N. Y.
i tour
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 10, 1918.
1
gfar Stshrc Dailri Zirtncm
Published Erery Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use tor repubUcatioa of all Bees dispatches credited to
tt or not other Lse credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All right rl republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
BRANCH CONNECTING ALL DEPARTMENTS.
Advertising Rates on Application.
Entered as Second Class MaH Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH $ .75
THREE MONTHS t25
SIX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.60
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter .75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Bisbea
Daily Review before 8 a. m. will get one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department . No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if the irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger Service
applies to Bisbee only.
Thursday Morning, January 10, 1918.
Peace Piffle
It would seem to the Review that if every newspaper
in this land would absolutely refuse to publish one line
of any kind of peace terms, proposals, hints or sugges
tions of any kind, coming from, any person or govern
ment whatever, they would be doing an inestimable ser
vice to their country.
It is both sad and pitiful to see a great paper preach
unfaltering resolution In the prosecution of the war in
its editorial columns, and then print nnder big headlines
in its news columns the text of an insidious propaganda
for peace instigated by Germany.
There can be no peace at this time except a German
peace.
And yet every line sent out from Berlin with its
hypocritical cant about peace is published broadcast over
this land.
A disgruntled and disgraced English nobleman not
long ago made a cheap and cowardly plea for peace, and
it was placed upon the cable and telegraph lines and
spread over the allied world. How Germany must have
gloated over this piece of folly.
A lot of misguided Russian reds and German agents
are pretending to represent the chacs that used to be
called Russia at a peace conference with a lot of ar
rogant German warlords and Junkers, and every Ameri
can and English and French newspaper staffs its col
umns with German publicity that the kaiser would doubt
less give minions to present to the world, if he could not
get it for nothing as is now the case.
Lloyd-George and President Wilson and the French
deputies pronounce their peace terms over and over,
with their political ear to the ground to hear the whim
per of any organization that has either lost heart or if
set up to ask about peace.
The president's message of some weeks ago to con
gress upon the policy of this .country regarding the war
was a masterpiece and an inspiration, but be cheapened
it when he spoke again on the same subject so soon.
As Patrick Kecry told the Virginia assembly so many
years ago in those words that will never die. "Men
preach peace, but there is no peace Our chains
are being forged." And it is so today. Berlin Is forg
ing these chains. Her peace talk is the forge and her
armies are the hammer by which they are being wrought.
Beriin is beaten right now In this war. She Is at the
apex of her powers. When she goes down hill she wfll
fall rapidly. She is grasping now at her last straw.
Statesmen know it. Gen. Haig knows It. But just be
cause a few people are always seeking the point of least
resistance and a lot of politicians are scared, we must
talk peace before we have even struck a stoct blow.
Our peace terms as outlined by the president are
stiff enough, but why talk them at all? Why play right
into Germany's hand? '
If the politician is afraid not to talk them, then the
newspapers ought to be brave enough not to print them
and give them that very widespread promulgation that
every far seeing and sardonic German is praying for
Few people can possibly realize the breadth and
depth and stiblety of the German propaganda to hamper
this nation in its preparation to strike a triphammer
blow at the Hunnish power. " For instance: A well
known Bisbee banker told the Review editor today that
several people have actually entered his bank lately and
asked him if it were true, as they had been told, that
money deposited in the banks now would not be paid
out subject to check until after the war. How silly and
false this wild-eyed statement is. most of us well know.
But all people do not knr.w it. Behind the spreading of
this report is the cunning of the serpent. It has one
certain aim to bring ai-out a desire for peace at any
price. Cowardly pacifists thus seek to impose upon
thoughtless or unknowing people. Our banks are
stronger than the rock of Gibraltar. Stronger than ever
before. Oor finances and resources have been developed
and increased and tau banned the past year as never he
fore. Our streneth is bing multiplied in every fiber
and sinew. Well informed people know it. But still
the sly. secret, persevering propaganda goes on and on.
Every man and woman must fight it. Publicity ar.d
brave, intelligent speech will stamp it out. Never let
the most foolish lie pass unquestioned. Watch the man
or woman who tells them. Brand these snakes in the
grass. Do not hesitate to communicate with an officer
upon the slightest suspicion of those who doubt or arfue
or suggest or whine or criticise or pull back or violate
any of our many patriotic regulations that are calculated
to help wage a war that will be the maximum of our
strength and effort.
THE WAR OUTLOOK. j
This paper loves to print a part of the weekly letter j
of Henry Clews, the New York banker. He is so brave" j
and sensible and cheerful, and he speaks from dorp
knowledge and wide experience. Here Is his word for
the new year:
"The year opens with an extraordinarily conflicting
outlook. For those wha really enjoy living on the shady
side of the street, there is plenty of company. The pes
simist can readily dwell upon anarchy in Russia; upon
Germany's momentary military successes: upon the ter
rible cost of the war; upon the economic and political
upheaval, and upon numerous other depressing factors.
And yet every healthy minded, thoughtful American
refuses to be downhearted. On the contrary, he is more
confident than ever in an Allied victory- He believes
that the enemy is nearing the end of his power; that he
is unable to hold his wir-nings. and is marching to in
evitable collapse when our armies reach France. Ger
many is gradually breaking down financially, economical
ly and politically. She is threatened with revolution,
and only the cohesion of her military machine.-which is
fighting for its Tery life, holds the fabric together. IVw
long the autocrats may held out cannot be foretell; but
it is certain that dissensions within, coupled with op
position of the whole civilized world without, will have
but one end and that is ignominious defeat. Blinded by
empty victories and false leadership. Germany seems
utterly unable to read the handwriting on the wall.
Civilization outside of Germany, however, recognizes
that it cannot live, if Germany's ideals and purposes
prevail. The war may continue for weeks, or months.
N'evertheless, the real foundation for hope cn we Allies
side has never been so clear and strong as today.
At present the brunt of the struggle falls on Britain
and France. Both are enduring the strain infinitely bet
ter than ever anticipattd; and both show an unconquer
able spirit and a steady rising of morale, while that of
the enemy is declining. Both of these countries are
bearing the strain with surprising ability; and there is
no doubt that they win be able to hold on until Ameri
can soldiers reach France in sufficient force to over
whelm the foe. Perhaps this will happen in the coming
spring; aad. if fate should postpone the grand decision,
prostration of the enemy will be far greater than If wise
counsels induced an earlier yielding to the inevitable.
Back of these considerations, which are sound rea
sons for hope, is the belief growing daily that the world
is surely facing a new and a better era than the one
now so rapidly passing away.
INCOME TAX ADVISOR
NOW IN DISTRICT
TO REGULATE SAME
Has Blanks Necessary and
Will Assist All Who Call at
Commercial Club s Rooms
at Hotel to Make Out Same.
FIRDT AGAIN FOR UNCLE
i
This editor man wrote a check yesterday to pay the
month's keep of a little French orphan his wife and son
have adopted, and he cannot refrain from trying to tell
here what a thrill of satisfaction and joy it gave him
to send this small sum to help a brave little kiddie in
some pleasant valley or unpleasant tenement across the
seas. This editor man U poor; for every dollar he can
persuade to come his way there seem to be many claws
outstretched to take it as their debt and due. but still
he is gay and glad when he hands out this mite for a
mighty cause. The angels doubtless weep over many
things of earth, but they surely smile through tears at
every boy and girl in America who is helping his French
brother and sister in that glorious and martyred land
Over There.
Hyland. the newly elected mayor of New York, has
ordered his policemen to go from house to house in that
great city and learn wno has coal that he is milling to
share with the less fortunate. The coal thus obtained
will be carried by city carts and city men to those who
have no coal. This man Hyland may do many big or
little things while mayor of New York, but he will do
nothing that can excel nr take from this one great thing
that was so well done.
The income trx ro'.i-xtor represent-
ed by G. N. TVrnier. r.z the internal ;
revenue department is now ia the city!
and has operted his office in tse Cota
n ercia! club rooms where he ill re-;
main tmi Jin4.y 21st to give in-,
tornmtiou to ail these who are sub-;
ject to income tax. He has the ne-
cessary blai.ks to fill oat and wiil as-:
sist those who wish :o have them 1
made out at once. Ho is sent hcrei
fcr the purpose of advising all as to,
-chat is necessary in the matter. All '
classes are subject to the tax accord-j
ing to the ;olioving circular sent out: )
Every person, a citizen of resident ;
of the United States, who received;
more than Jl'f'O net income in the'
piecetiing calendar year, if urmxr-,
ried. anJ more then $2000 if married.'
must payi ncome tax. "Ihs tax ap-'
plies to every citizen or resident e!
the United Stales as to his or her
ztl income from all sources within
and about the United States.
I
v"yTWW. t I
.!-... - wi-2v
7 iV
VI.
Income includes caios. p;-of1ts and
ncc::-e frora saUiries, wc?i or com-,
pccsat::on or rersonal ser.iots c
every character, or tro:n rroftsioa. !
i(h'i:cns, bus'nvss. trade, cormeric. .
3r silcs. or ceal-cgs in property, real :
r personal, j;roiii.; jut oi the own
ershi use of or interest in real
r personal propcr.r; al;o Irom in ;
eiest. rent, divideutis. securities, crl
'he trans-ictirn cf any business car- j
ried on tor gain cr profit and income
ierived from any so.irce wnatevcr. !
Net income i that which remains '
after the deluttions herein enunser-j
ated are made.
The incctiie tax individuals i:
'iviucd ino two parts the Norma!;
tax and the Additional or Surtax j
Both are computed on the net inconx.
cr t':c prcceJir.g cSier.dr.r year end !
;cg Teceniber 31. The norms! lax "
a fixed rate on the net incor.je above'.
:he personal exemptions ststed above.-.'
The Additional cr Surtax is a gradi- J
ated tcx on net incom-s above $00'
The Normal ix on an unmarried
person's net inccne is 2 per cent on .
:ce amount or income over jt""o ant. n rij t J for rat
and 4 psr cent on the; rjrfcl kjIfllC i(t Sta!s Rubber coc-.naav has iust filed twenty years aso. and remembers
Lf;t:UV.V.-vr..
i I'riftr J ' i r . - -.-i-"-
State and County News Briefs
.ct over f
mcvat or income ov?r J2titH The
Norma! tax on a married person's net
;nconie is J per cent on the atuouu.
if ir.ccme over $20?! and not ove:
4lH't and 4 per c-nt n the amouut
of income over. ?4'-C0.
cotton raiing. while the united ,K oiw-j ma
es Rubln-r coc-.i
its articles of incorptration wi;h the many iu;Tet:nt iscidenta which os
, man.
! Winslow is proud of the pos?-es5ion Arizona corporation commission. ,f..-:d uti.. in irou.ier flay or
1 of au auto fire truck. I 1 in, tiis mother is a resident of
i Ma-iccpa UhiPter. P'cHers of to Kentuck.v. b-tt wtll reniam with her
' Patrick Sullivan, an old time Victor. Ame.i.an Re.oluticn hold its c- v" for n indef-.K-.te xisit.
! Colorado, miner died recently in Oat- r.m-1 eies.tion cf ofi--ers January at ..... v
.the Vo:aa club n Phcenix. The "' '' vT
' i.,eet nc wiil be ore of l-i-portaice Icr "'f ' h k- conftaed to h U
hroom in .Litton f te elec tion v.:d otrcr fc10 1 r J . uf fortes from U
COUatV ... w..t., rf;.t K.rir... f. ?""-' ' OM rnap. .V r. I-ISI
- this year. w-1 chanter. item of nstiosa! i r:
continues to preva , n j.e nsider- d. To national so-
Building operation in Tucson dur- ri4,.v Mnir.:ir.r,v in'ere-ted in the
nevertheless the heavy arti'lery ; ing the year 1917 beat all past reo- 'rebuilding of a French vil and has
F(t7r SUUlJIiani About fiTe hundred acres of
J corn wore harvested in Yuma i
recovering
.ova town a tew t.iautea yesterday.
Bd weather
.n m-M of ihe tiiajor battle fronts
ut
Juels are proceed ;ng and at sevjra'. ords.
points infantry" tttarss of sniau pro
icrtions hae bcn earned out.
J (eoi,:ed on ihis step and also upon the u. " "
i purchase of Jlvwn) worth of LiSerty i no ,B
rem i j ....-.,-. t iaspwuon. tlenem
1,1 bonds of the next issi.e. .
rith to Vjnoe ft-:u Aticfcs
!t is rercrttd tbat r,enerl H. X.
Gretr.e. Jom.er c-n maudtr nt the Art-
iv.na UiMrUl. with headquarters at
.ince on a tour
ml Greene went
in Lake. Wash.
A sensational suit was filed !n Lo Uwre u e Noes. asea . a pnee
Aneelos courts !.-t we. by K. M. n,i- riiie. nsl i Wedae.
a c 'n'.plk ation o' niseasesx He had
Harry Hunter mr.iie the run fro
The Gern-atis in one of these mac-: Roosevelt to Globe on high gear w
fevers wbich ipMircnt:y was more '.c a Ltexington car.
.he nature cf a raid than an attack ly j
. i . t luivm. run i r.i ii:r tiuj i - . v ...... . ...... - . .
-mc?d ios'- ucr'i of the Yores- society has a membership of $.0. x ' ...o! ,'I-"n- aaaia war- f;elaon in the kospiial from,
Staden railway.- but later were for,- i iich is very g,xd for a city of Mesa s saret " i.-iams. n
- . - i r i-s fvir n.-a anrtmi. . v
. us - Aiel s'i" nt MiShet o. " ' y T wril '' out be.n not it tA by w i of the ;h. ,d
YeHur." w:t'ich was descr bed a sharpe' With the railroads in the hands of ,:' roun cr'? tV v.iOtier to pro- ftmi.rs'. r:ucemec:s will not be ar--et'-e
in tke baf'.e Tne ia tie eai i th fieral government, the state cor- du,e ,i'' child 1:1 omn on January r,,nit.j u.., wor.j n-es. i!r .Sow
v ir,yS of 'he war French trootw ! poration wiil fird a t . s!ii-e of its ls''v- c ,A'U ' T"s !-! s,hOA' ers ;,s c:.arrer woa:ber of the
have raid-M German positions on , sing removed. l'' V? V" v V'"s' nd
r .nmn) t thoir cwn line wit'j 1 v loua l on.-oniateu Mine -n ... " ,j l0Bai chute A
-o ... i ... ... nmiMnj is ownimc us r.ew .Tini-ion r",i"1'1 1 -- ... a
. .uu ..... .... :rw,uc,ion p,ant The Red Cloud" is a impu rer rrnn to have custody ot
lianan rrun. s lv-erlaH nnnrap 'le rhUA rn starur.irv Lr.V.inilS. It IS ..- .-.
Cn tse Italian front a heavy snow
also stated tK-M Mr. 'i-
Secrctsry J. , Uair.es of t I'o-
n'v .acaers association.
i wi.l II e ....-r,.,! v.-.n-h. w?rer.iv rrom
is n.iiac. ti.a siae irom iu.ensie Ttie post of rice and store at Klon- suit in Oreeiuee county tor arso;ute Ph,.-r,ix nhciw h .. sn f.ir th
artii.ery d.ieis from the Asiaiso pla- dyke were robbed and irerrhandise divorce trora his wife. p.st wee, on bi;.--;nes nia.ters. Vhi!e
eau to thj Piave river and sn!l pa- and stamps valued at several hundred ; ,n IMoerix Mr. Santos who is iso
t;ol encounters there ha been n dollars were taken. ; T'e ,,a 1 tu-c'! :s once km :i-.-ei.l i Cai:t.an of the Cochise county war
f?htir.s worthy of mention. j j fli'ton. through te.eraiMc a.l ices smviucs coa:ir.i:t-.-e attenjed the' mce
ioth tl-e Fr:::sh and French news One postoffice rohhor. three bur-; rr,!a phoenix. ArUor.a. of the deatii of of a!', co-ntv rhairrucn at which
rr etthuMastkty -ndors? Pres.-iglars and a half dozen hoot-lersr ' Wado II.to.pi. n. broker . f 'Tor.. J.tnn del n le to.i'! ne of J.rm of campaign
dent WiNon's sttinent oi wsr aims. ' were arrested by t.V sheriff of Cr?- R. Hampton. rth osvurred fol- .is tauiuhfd ami wiil be atarted in
L:keiie !t las asi with the entire ham county in the lat week of IX- lowing the removal of the deceased ioMe rotir.rv soon. If old Co.-hise
arproval cf the representatives o; , oember. f.om Clitun u P; .h.iU lor treat:m-nt t h-s te s e did in the Uberty
"rrxr in Ci-eat Hrituin. la a manifesto' tor ;,fit js oot'i'ix. n'v knon as "hk u,ia tte i'..ot.t. wilj be ot ersutcribe.l
the luboriies sty that in the presea. Jack Mclver. wl.o made a fortune ,.K- Wade Hampton had been a rcsj- t. t; v.arvtm.
sl.ve;oent the !-bor par'y can find no te gold in Mohave county, has oierie 1 jr.t of Cl.'tt n fcr n:i:o:iva ely i; ' .
-c-lion upon which the allied demo- great ledjre of Si per .ert M.tnsr.t- veers, ar.d was sboul .T yesrs of ae. The straci dK'n'nv tvivTan. w!.
cracies are iiAe.v to uiatree ana tuai . -" . ire tire ui o"
:l i reaches ti e peoph-s of Ihe ce'.:tra: taken to Yinslow for shipment.
-vcwers it i!l re-invicrato the po-
u'ar moen:eT!t toward peace In thoe The Presrott kvlce of Klks has th-
riintries, "and ive their demands distin'tior. of ir.ir.atir.c the lanret
for lence a w-icht and authority tha; 'c!as'' f fy lodge in Arirona. At .t
The Arizona Council of Defense is doing a splendid
and most practical work for the war. The Review
wishes at this time to acknowledge its indebtedness to
this body for much valuable news matter and many j
wise and patriotic editorial suggestions. Able men are J
rivinr fniieh timM inH effort tn thi vnrk avtrl it nnlv !
a just tribute to publicly proclaim the good they have
done. '
recent meeting the antl rs
' placed on tS candidates.
anact be denied
Hospital Sh'p Sunk.
Ti-.e I.;i:isa hospiui slit? Ilewa with.' Nitk Vwn mhe has ,Hlfn H
mounded aboard v.s sunk by a sub- rhnn-nr ih. ri.mmr. t-.v.
at , man f . l- tlu lrivnr, Jl- - T . ;
ra 1 1 i-on a for t.'ie past 17 vrars. was
ce while mak-
pa:r hue the machinery was
in motion and received injur:e which
Sia.-e 'ivire tNre he - .n.'j;.'J in itho.t warrinc left h:s post of d;:"y
the real estate busies a- ff.-t wul jt the ia e-s.-,t:on of Alien and Filth
lis brother and ist. r en-ta-ktsl in tt.e s r. e's and louad in ("..riee. re-
cattle business in a pi:tr.crs.p c-m- r::u j to Ms p.st esrerii.y morn
p)sed of Choree Minlior-.ry ami u . a. id ict-orv-d here to Chiel of I'o-
John K. Hampton. In id. t ion l !-.; Hratm. after over a week's ab-
were caltle holdir.es he st a'.;o the owner s.-ii.-e without leave. The at.sct.i-e of
of cor-
.!er.ir
reel es.ste. .The de- t
u ar;ne in the I'risto! channel
F:;dy tii'-ht. The wounded were sav
ed. but lliere w
an: ns ihe crew
c.aio at 11 o'lLk at uiitu. aithouh
ceased leave;
and h-i tn.r.
r:ourn his !
a wif and ivo children
,ihn :l- :.. l to c
-.. ran "in a lor l.'ie past
ere tl.iee casualties rau?;ht in the E:,s p:)c;
The attaik was nfc a repair h;le the r
.ce ship was carryini; ail ine liptus ; caused his death. The accident oc
utid mark:n;s o." a ship ot mercy. li:o ,-urre l on last Satuniav mornirr
.otpeuo pushed throuitu the Red Cross death resulting that night after he had Po Uer.
.aiuted cn the side of the steaiiier. ! been brought to the A. C. hospital in had b.en l on. and t'.tt Liie shot
rep n, urexplifctned other that
-d from B. shoe is that he v. as kid
';d hy a ji an ra-.ied Cxnlman who
s triej he-ore u.U-e Winters of
I. .well sr.d str.'eni-cd to sere 00 days
Last IriTa- ui"t'.'rr.o:i. a: '.lie New ' 'he bootleg rsrar while Chief Rrav
Ct rne' rerm s!.r.t-; p.t. triere as ti has p'aced the cop in o: o of tlta
shot t ;f tie latest bl-.st er put in r-.-wou x heats, wth one n.or.fi s pay
in the ramp thir'eers and Hireo- 3e!.iefed for his unofficial eondaot.
iottrt.is ton.- of 4" vor c.nt Tro'an T'-e k'd: a; per w .11 see cat his time.
i r s.'U-o li.ve. proraluns ' rvve lor.
The Germans recently tortured to death a brave Bol-
Get:.i-u ha.-, extended iier suomar- Clifton.
zone u inclnde the waters around !
a-ian lawyer of Rrussels hera.i.u, h enntinnea in nrtnf ' VerJe i;iiau,is- Madetia ad , The Mexican cnsulate at Clifton
I a portion of ..lose of French Senegal, i Ariz., will be reopened immediatelv. f N.x 1
nn Kin nifli A in cn . at a i. t n .a - 1 1.1 . itria na aa. ' i . .... . ........ .. - . . i ...
" " . . M - ' v v uiu wv, m iiiwc I a. I l.il 411- uul.i.urM l u .Alll.n
FoTl :n:
tn-:
vvitenier.t at Aiua
that set forth the terrible cruelties practiced by the con- pnto.h hese waters lay important noon by Andres G Gats-ia. iiispe,-tcf f'e t. i
u.tie i-joies iiom i.ie letiiit ana 11.-' v. ......m-s ii e..ns';i;i :es m r.i t vim n
.'..an irr2i:s. ;.i:th Afika and South delegation of Mexican ciMreis from
n.ertca to Kiroi e.
ws a si:..t. nuv pe lira-- :r.t.l w r.en
e state the esivoa'e of ore P'-'-oia ter te kii'ia of two Mexican
troken is 'ti..i'i.O t.'is. the who'e tn vision. i'lards hy Auierioan Miders
M l. northeast end. be.ns c s- ai.n;ei s ranrn last rruiay al-
This statement was made e.'nes.U broKen unto a der'h of uh 'it 4' feet. t:uh u. more stri,uen irattic re-
querors upon the helpless of that hapless land.
Lest we forget. The dust storm that swept the
canyon yesterday like the envenomed broom of an evil
witch followed more than one huudre! days of perfect
fall and winter weather. In the faoe of a temporary
hardship it is not well to forget past blessings.
Parley Resumed.
A'c.id'n 10 an A:is:t r lam
a Ii. v ht t prjhah'y on arafej
t sav lat Vw rtel!s vied ' ere put into el'ect TtMstt.j
re. 'for rn earthnt..Ve d.h-s ''.a 1 ui.ts and Ag-oa Irieta.
t ord.narttv O-s V- i.r. an ! rra.S the -":'.a-s ot Houglits who have Own
Clifton. Morer.ci and Met.-.i'f visiie t ...rh . :0. r.. i.-t.: iier.. x.i.ir itt ' -o M tit of to.ng aonss the tin
I Mr. Garcia Monday ar.d reou.-ied .Ti:;. i. 1 geologt - f: u and fr t. tiire --- ' o t; m t. potatoes and su h
(. ! that the etnsiilae be rorn-red. Mr 3rd :nd so on: and ou r.i.ty J"-'1'- we:e he! 1 up at the line and
'Is- Gan ia look ti e maver tin bv wire studv niiiK-ralocy here the easier. At ''"r-'ed thev could o so a.rtvss
01
'. With the Vt'Viin viuvmniMtil .ii.l n . , . . . -. ........ 1 .u ..... Hkl.ttMH
..,., ... it,..- ...... notified Wednesday that a man ha I
!!r,,,"'v' a-; '" 1,1 8-,"-H,n -" been appointed and would soon be i t
Trttzy. t::e !'M,is.. -vskl line:i.:i minis- Clifiou.
.er and the Gcim.tn and Ausiro-Mim- .
sar.an tor. ign uiinisters and the Tjrk !
oi-ld r'pr s. .i; Bnd -v;et;d:tlire
a.-ut J.'.t f r t'.e 'hot.
Tile success of t'lO It.vMtv.i- r..V
':sh ;r:.nd i.ier in afendauce. In a.i r-r interests in securing a supply ot
earlv dition to their en leaver to straigr.ten long st;..)e cotton in Arizona for lire
n.in. ..... n,h, k. 1 a ... u it f eiem es with the lu.sheviki. niakin is underst.HHi to have secured
"' -eu;onio al ie 1 representative
County Briefs
Any Bisbee man that views with alarm in the
needs a new vision, and needs it
pen can tell.
like interests on the part of tiie Kir-
torse than tonsue or iiUe tbt-.ared to be negotiating w ith t;ie s-..ne and l ured St.'.r. s . ompunies.
. 1'i.raniiaTis in ...i lid -a vor to earu Ttie former is reported to l;ae s.vur
f r rood vi'. , .d 1 la - tract 01 !ai.d at C...a Kuziu
bv tiis Pl
1 K S Wr'lit. ace nipali:ed
iher :"'d Mrs ttihso-i. ;.:.i.r-
lit T' mhione i.., Kert li a.hi
!ur:tig I.ie
:'. - et..N.
.re;.r: i
th.
e. k to ,s-
!.t v a sta-
aiu''or:iath!t from Mexican
t'..!- ;l !.s t;. I.clexier. Heretofore
a I 'f .'t is b.H n re.-esvarj- is an tden
tif.catton . r. tront Inimisraiitn It
Mir in I'harg- He tth Hereafter
t ,- rd wi'l have r, receive the O. K.
'f MT. l.e'evier before it will be recog
nised a.ross the line. The fee is one
do'lar lvrs'tn wish ns to go any
ta;ther ttian Asua Prteta. as to Nactv
H-i. tor i'lstatne. wiil iae to gel the
tcul.tr paprt fsji jr. l.eiei.r.
1 i vis;, THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 10, 1918.
FIVE
1
! T
1
m
i
i
t
l
Dallas
mm
lltUl
SIR
at; KAioL it
WAGE IS CAUSE
Blast Takes
Heavy Toll
iConiinued fxm Fas? On-
had added TUO.000.000 to their prop
erty investment in the last .half of
1917. Consequently if provisions of
the bill are carried out. he said, the
eastern railroads return on property
Investment really would te a.r..! per
cent.
muciais in nose iouch un ii.ri
railroad situation in its new aspects
tile miracles of the occasion. The todav that manv rate revisions !
powder man was directly over the hole would become necessary now that gov
's eminent operation has removed com-
! when the explosion occurred. He was
hurried, hurt and cut about the face, petition on which rates heretofore had
arms and shoulders. Last evening yeen largely based. The interstate
B- Review Leased Wirei his condition was serious but not commerce commission is expected to
DALLAS, Tex., Jan. 9. Approxi-' ftal. Anderson sustained a broken undertake within a few weeks a spec-
m-tlii- tar fhl -i-j r,,on,KAJ. ,).. ! no nd severe scalp wounds. ial study of rate readjustments for
RoseT peuon. head of th engineer presentation to the director general.
Luuas urp&ruurui em uu sirikc ; ing for0e of the Copper Queen. Wlin
at 6 o'clock tonight. Six hundred menvj two men, one of whom was Draken
bers of the Pallas home guards have field, was doing some surveying im-
hen nrHere.1 hr !f.r W P , meuuiieij lu luv pd.nuuu.uuuu ui .u
tner to assewoie as a precaution end of a ,arTevoi-"s tape measure, the
against disorder. j other end of which was held by
The strike was caused by the sus- Drakenfield. when the latter was
pension today of twenty -one firemen ! killed. Other men in the immediate
! neignoornooa siiu are uuuenus as
WANT AMENDMENT DEFEATED
organized firemen s union, which is
affiliated with the American Federa
tion of Labor.
Home Guard Summoned
One hundred and fifty member of
the home guard, a semi-uul tary organ
ization were assigned tonight to duty
as firemen at the various stations.
They will be under supervision of ex
perienced firemen who did not Join the
strikers. The other members of the
guard were split into three squads to
remain on duty in shifts of eight hours
each. '
The trouble began at noon when
Fire Commissioner W. L, Winfrey
suspended twenty-one firemen at Fair
Tark station because of toeir refusal
to resign from the newly organized
firemen's union. At 4 o'clock this af
ternoon Miss Myrtle Berry, said to be
an official organizer of the garment
workers' union, appeared at the city
hall and presented an ultimatum from i
the union firemen, statins a strike
would be called at 6 o'clock unless the
Fair Park firemen were reinstated by
that hour and unless a wage increase
to $5 a day minimum was granted the
men. The city commission, which de
nies the right of the men to organize.
refused the demands and began prep-,
aration to protect the' city. j
Local fine insurance men had a cur-1
ried meeting late today and later is-!
sued a statement that there would be j Drakenfield and Vast id o will be held
no insurance cancellations as a result j s soon as Anderson and McBride are
of the strike If local insurance men we enough to appear. It will be held
could prevent it. This question, how- by Judge Winters of LomeU.
ever, it was stated, must be passed up-
on bv the insurance companies them
selves and not by the local insuranc ;
agents. I
Threefalse fire alarms had been
turned in from as many different sec-;
UDD5 oi me tn uf w v ,
night. Mayor Lawther ordered a!
home guardsman stationed at each '
firebox for tie remainder of the night. I
Demand Wage Increase
EAST ST. LOCIS. Ills, Jan. 9. j
Members of the fire department to ,
night served notice upon Mayor Moll-
man that unless their demands for!
wage increases are met by the city by I . - .
io.v -in fii- Tk . fi ctime after the war.
SlBVto!y the Question of return of the
can Federation of Labor and demand j "d to pnvate control to future de
, t1r th fo- termination by congress.
h ii . mnrh for liemenanLs. Representative Moore of Pennsyl
iRv Review 1 1 Wlrrt
Pelton was holding the) new OKK. Jan. resolutions
ralHng for the defeat in its present
form of the proposed federal consti
tutional aiaend-nent establishing pro-
sion in it given both congress and the
states power to enforce it would
cause confusion, have been adopted at
the anaual meeting of the New York
City Far association, it was announc
ed today. The resolutions reooninien !
the substitution by congress of a new
: nieasuiv free from this "eieir.ent of
Irrrfiicrin tnrisdirtinn
injury and possible death.
I Carlos Calderon. one of the two men
fatally injured, had both eyes blown
j out and other injuries. Nunez suf
fered In like manner. The other in
jured men escaped with severe burns
and lacerations.
As to Cause.
Though many theories were ad
vanced yesterday as to the possible
i cause for the explosion, none is cer
tain or impossible. The most proba
! ble adTknced is that while the primer
and electrical connections were being
placed in the charge of powder a small
piece of rock from the side of the hole
fell and caused a spark which touch
ed off the explosion. Otherwise, fore
men, powder experts and men are
completely at sea as to the reason for
the accident.
Since the inauguration of work on
Sacramento hill the toll of Injuries
has amounted to little or nothing. A
scratch, a fracture and other lesser
hurts have been the total up to this
time. The accident yesterday, in fact,
was the most serious to occur in the
Warren District in years. Its death
toll, when the final tabulation is made,
will undoubtedly be the largest in the
history of local mining.
Inquest Soon.
The inquest into the deaths of
HTM WAGE
1
ML BE ASKED
(Continued from Pafee One)
BRAZILIAN AVIATORS.
Rv Review l-ensert Wire
RiO JAN1ERO. Jan. 9. Brazilian
naval aviators who will form the first
Brazilian contribution to the fighting
forces of the allies, have departed for
England.
WOMEN EXPECT
RESOLUTION TO
CARRY IN HOUSE 3f
(Continued from Pms One)
most of theiu supporters xf tiie amend-1 woman s;iCr3e under any circum- suif of lenty. selected by sections,
p ent b'.it there were several unconi- stani-es, the president sr.iil. ou? it nut to crry on the work of the party
milled. In the ueN-KaUra w Renre- to v. i ot!.er t ; an his uu . i. t;.-i.s. but mr-ip. The increa;ej membership of
3et.rie K.iVer. tV.ifuraia: Taylor. Ms own '.jii".i u vi-s l!;.u tills was the house has made it almost tun-oa-CoU-r-nNi-
HjiVev s-n.1 Cantri'l. Km ;ho f'l.ie to vote for the :ue.idiaeu.. . sihle for a single uieniber to haa He
ui'o. Id a. Ari;o:ih; t;rek; Whiie the p;-siie:u was taikiug ce the task.
Jrnes. ( Texas; Ayres. Kns;i-; ('r- ( te members n-a d nne of Uat The tom'ereme also decided to ak
away. A'S.rsrs: Vyes. I'tah; l.in- 1 said. The president t.K'?; a peu- t!.e Republican sen.-ito.-s to meet in
thicu.u. Mar'.cn.l; Brumbaush. Ohio, t'.l sni -d he would put it in writ- jnrt session with tr.em with;n a week
r ?!r iviker had explained the ius h.ir.ise.f. ar.d ti;e statement later to rV.ose the national canipaiga win-
tee cc!! each nie nher told w 4'. ta.ed to a White House st 'no- rt.it;ee.
es1.r4t vf tf.e situation in nis grainer.
, state. Ore said tr.e rres-.dent ad- Tre. nouse dpkis detate tomorrow
j vice mould a m him in determining on the Raker reoiu;ion for subinia
! the question an1 that many other sion of the Susan B. Anthony cou-
ere similarly situated.
DENIED LIBERTY.
days ago most oft hem privately mere members
concedingd cleat. A large majority
of ihe Repiitli-ans in the house have
b?en couutedu iKn to suprmrt the
amendment and cnouih r-eniocarts
are committed to assure a close vote.
.ia lUc i rtT . the opportunity that the visit or the
fluenre to swing doubtful Democrats, , v ., .. .,,. .j
Reptesentaive Raker, chairman of the
st;f!'r?5 con:miitee. jubiluntly predict
ed tonight that the necessary two
thirds would be exceeded by fifteen
or twenty votes.
Adverse tj Publicity.
The president is said to have re
plied that while he had felt it mas
not j rorer to send for members or to
volunteer his advice, be was glad of
sti'.u ional amendn cnt to the states,
under an atreemenf to end general
debate at 5 o'clock in the afternoon.
A vote probably mill be reached early
in the evening.
delecaticn gave him. lie indicated
! that he had not felt at liberty to go
j beyond the pa try p!atform whiih haci
declared monan suffrage to be a slat
, issue, until changed conditions made it
t!v Review !.e9eil Wire
SAN" FRANCISCO. Jan. 9. Mrs.
Rena Mooney and Isreal Weinberg.
arquitted in separate trials recently
on charges of murder in connection
, with the preparedness parade in 1J1S.
j mere denied release on bail on other
murder charges on a write of habes
jrpus today. The state district court
tonight adopted bv unrnmio.is vote a
resolution urging rep'ibKran members
to supp'-rt the federal suffrage amerd
ment "insofar as they can do so con
sistently mith their conscience and
the attitude oi their constituents."
The reihi ttm introduced hv Ke-
ations from the suffragists that a suitrage. or now t.i'ciana was pieatea presentative Mor.de!! of Wyo r.in;.
trump card vet mas to be played.' Xo " nd P"itbly France. The rresi-, WRs fjllibustred asainst for more
There mere no formal predictions' ,h governor of Canada. ,. Rn holir ,u a j,,, of no qjtnjm.
from the opponents toniht, but a'!; hAi lun,,;en wl(h olay. cul ,;ie orpos-tion was confined so a
REPUBLICANS ACT.
WASHINGTON. Jan. Rep!b:i-
cans of the house in conferen.-e late ,ppai3 upaeid a decision of Judge
Frank 11. Dunne of the superior court.
who had denied release of the defend
ants on charges needing In his court.
Opponents of suffrage were claim-! "
ing a safe mar;in against the amend-1 Representative Taylor spoke of the
...nt Hrinr the ri.iv in snite nf intim-. of C?lsi ini's advocacy of woman
MURDER AND SUICIDE,
ircmendotis fight is promised.
All of the members who wento to 'woman su..raee.
few members and they voted
:-ption on t':e roll m l.
PORTLAND, Ore. Jan. S. William
M. Chandlr. a rancher from Idaho,
mas kU'ed and Mrs. Amanda Bonner,
with mhom he mas walking, was fatal
ly shot tonight by W. H. Clark, a saw-
for its yer. when then sent a bullet into his
on brain and died Instantly. Jeat-
Lhe White House were Democrats, and' Any member of congress opposed tV The Republicans voted to rr.-;sti a'iusly Is the supposed motive.
Akisdeughtfully
different k
Exquisitely scented, im-
palpably fine, it actually bene- S
fits as well as protects by j
dinging to the skin.
Scad ten cents for oar dainty.
wuniature, weekend box.
cnatnip g tha powow . sy a
F ham run Powder. Mo- jt Jr
tnr Crean. Tooth f I JL
Fastesnd Hand ( 3 JT
LfSaa f S -
McDonalds MaHnelle Shop
."hone 3C5
He advocated
OIL DICTATOR PROBABLE.
vania, asked the committee to amend
the bill to provide specifically for gov
ernment control of canal transporta
tion facilities. Members of the United
VJ'J,I Jan 9 Tr.e gov-- .uipiujtr. muipcuuuu t.uti-;
mission aavocaiea ini rwuroaa men
States
errment is preparing to tate control ; "f ," . .
of the oil supply, under the fuel ad-i reBeu s KoCruaienl m
n-Jnistration. A man has been select-1
be made public with the announce
ment OI tne governments uei.sioa. . . .
It is understood that the govern
Compensation Method.
Testifying before the senate com
mittee. George M. Shriver. vice presi
. dent of the Baltimore and Ohio, sug-
men's plans are cot fu'.'.v matured and ?" , " " " '
.," l. . - . , , basel on property investments as of
wi' not be until the ner arpo ntee pember 31. 1S17. rather than June I
makes an inve.t.gatio Uoensing of proposed In the bill. The
the oil industry from to the a return on investment of ,he
wholesaler Is ccntemplated. ; 3g prciple eastern systems for the
1 three vear average suggested by the
REVIEW WANT ADS president was 5.54 per cent, he said.
BP.ING RESULTS. ; He argued that the eastern railroads
ARIZONA
Bisbec Copper Co.
50c
PER SHARE
FOR SALE BY
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize in Jerome
and Oatman Stocks.
P.O. BOX 1123 PHONE 26
1
For Heating
"t '" Reliaele V
r
.- ' " ' 11 1 1
The portable gas heater will take the chill off quickly and make the
dining room comfortable at meal time, and it will be found conveni
ent, too, for heating the bed room and bath room. Any home with
out a central heating plant has use for a gas heater. We carry sev
eral different types prices $1.75 to $9.00... See them as well as
other gas appliances at our store.
lisbee Improvement
Co.
C I GARJ
TT
o IMPORTED aniDOMESTIC
tobaccos Blended
t'i Jp A Nr l
Vl W iif 1
1 ;-WL
They please the taste
ft Hnf nhn
IF a cigarette simply pleased the taste,
smokers used to let it go at that.
But not now.
Because Chesterfields give smokers not
only a taste that they like, but also a
new kind of smokin-enjoyment
Chesterfields hit the smoke-spot, they
let you know iou arc smoking they
"Satisfy"
Vet, they're MILD.'
The nezv blend of pure, natural Im
ported and Domestic tobaccos that
tells the story. And the blend can't be
copied don't forget that!
Ask for Chesterfields next time you buy.
Sfcs-''
..-- x " " v -
:V. C '.
fiJ.. r.'
aid fed!
immr
1 J Ch'M
rapped in
Tin Foil
keeps them
Fresh J
SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 10, 191S.
BRITISH TAXK PERFORMS FOR BOTS IX AMERICAS CAMP.
Mining and Financial News
fr
t"r ,'
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE.
NEW YORK. Jan. 9- leaders rose Caluriet Jerome
pne cr two points and various specia'- Cornelia
ties as cuoh as three to 10 points in Con Copper .. ..
the first half to today's restriv-ted Con. Arizona .. ..
stork market, tut irt of this was re- Ourtiss
Uscaished later. Penn .. .".
Tre tren.l of United States steel. Fundee
wl'.irh absorbed more than its quota En ma
cf today's moderate total, was typical receral Oil
of the movement, the stock Gadsden
forfeiting about half its two point gam Green Monster .. .
at 94V G. Island
Tbe final hour was enlivened by Hull
ctie to thr?e point tains In fertiiiiers'Hecla
and auii'ies. Eotah'.y Amfrican Tele- Howe Sound .. . . .
phone. ?hippinss also ral!ied. Sa'es 'Dpirat'on Needles
amour.ted to 4,VK) shares. Jerome Verde .. ..
Iirnds were irresular. junior rails Jerome Victor .
e5n--ics heaviness. Liberty 3VS Msstna Copper .. .
sM at S5.7S o ! 6. first 4's at S7.!H Magma Chief .. ..
to ST.TC and s-eovtn! I s at Su.60 to Miami Con.
S6.4rt. Total sa:es. per value, aprerst- Maenate
ed $3.SS50-iV I'nited S'.ates reicWer- Pittsfcursh Jerome
ed 4's. old issue. cai;.ed per cent on Ray Here
call. . Santa Rita
. ;Toni Reed
GRAIN MARKET. 1 United Eastern .. .
.Verde Extension
CHICAGO. Jin. - Grain advanced Verde Combination
in price today owinc more or less to West End
skeptistn reranJin? an early peaceJ Wolverine Arizona
Com closed firm. 's to 'c to c net White Caps
fc'eber. with January $1 "TV, end May Wright Martin .. . . '
S1.-51-. Oats pained 7 to 1N.C andj
provisions 15 to tc I OATMAN
Feeling that peace was more dis-i .(By Collins Bretherton)
tant tbaa had been hastiTy assumed J Xnro 03
yrsteriay gave the corn market an up-; Adams 02
ward slant. Throughout the day re-t Arizona Rex
newed talk of a possible lifting of the ' Arizona Torn R. 03
maximum price limit on future deUv-'Gold Ore 32
erifs tended to strengthen values. Gold Reed
Much attention was bestowed on the i Gold CMT
continved meaeerness of receipts, for Lucky Boy 02
which snow drifts on railroads and , Sunnyside 0
country highways were held chietly Telluride 07
responsible. Forecasts of more snow, Tom Reed S2
end severe cold seemed far from re-' United Eastern 3.S3
aun"n2. (United Northern 07
Oats rallied more sharply than corn. ! United Western 02
as decl-'nes in oats yesterday on ac-j Red Lion
count of peace selling had been great-1
r tf an was tie case In corn. It was J OTHER CURBS.
said a week of favorable weather Gadsden IS7
would te required to bring transpor- Green Monster 62
tstion rack to normaL I Butte London 12
Scantiness of ho supplies here : Dundee 50 .
mode Drovision3 asceni. ; Venture Hi3
1T t
16
25
IS
H
:h
12
34
4"
3
IMS
H
3S
3-16
1-32
V.
&
:
1-16
S2
SSa
36U
13-16
?
m
7-16
7
tsA: . - - - - - - -
You've Been Earning
For Years?
Has it cost you every dollar of it to live?
These are pertinent questions, but the man who
answers them honestly to himself will feel the time
has come to start a Savings Account with this bank,
save for the future and get 4 per cent Interest.
Think it Over!
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona
COTTON MARKET.
Pitts Jerome 37
I Jerome Verde 6S
Ark-Arizona .05
XEW YORK. Jan. 9. Cotton closed l Jerome Portland
steady at a net advance of 28 to 35; Hull Copper 34
points. j Magma Chief .31
! Wolverine-Arizona 1.55
METAL MARXET. Miami Mother Lode
'Verde Combination .. ... .SI
NEW YORK. Jan. 9. Lead strong,
tar silver M'V
NEW YORK.
Closing Quotations. January 9. 198.
(By L. J. Overlock.)
Anaccnda 62
American Can 3SV
American Car
American Locomotive ..
American Smaller .. ..
.American Supar
Baldwin
Eeih B. '..
C. and O
C. F. and I
Canadian Pacific
Crucible
Central Leather
PfstiKers
Erie
Cccdrith . .. .
Gecerr-l Motors
InJus'riai Alcohol .. ..
Lackawanna
Maxwell
Vsrine
69
56
7S
l'-HH
59
7Si
53:-'t
36 S
139
Arix-Bisbee Copper
Butte Arizona 02
Jerome Daisy
Kacozari Con.
Verde Apex
Calumet Jerome 1J.2
.05
.23
.05
.33
.05
J5
.0?
.10
3.95
.OS
is
100
.69
.15
A
.62
.75 j
.10
.3S
.36
1.73
.50
.S7
0
0
.43
.15
1.1S
British tank at Camp Upton, shoving the boys how she does it.
The American officers and men at Camp Upton, N. hav been aMe to see a British tank do all fts
tricks since the arrival of Captain Richard Haijr with his tank and crew. The tank ducks and dives, plunges into
trenches and out agaia and does everything in fact tnat it is ever called upon to do on the field of tattle. This
is the tank that paraded through the streets of New 'York in the last Liberty loan demonstration and after
leaving Camp Upton it will visit many cities in the south before proceeding to Chicago. The tank is of the
smaller type, known as a "female, weighs thirty-six tons and can go over anything anywhere at an average
gait of four miles an hour.
Greatest Year
In Bisbee Post
Office Is 1917
Saturday Will
i
RACING ACCIDENT.
Bt Rrview Leased Wire)
NEW ORLEANS. La, Jan. 9. Four
jockeys were injured, none seriously,
and two horses killed in accidents
during today's running races at the
Fairgrounds track.
Jockey Arthur Johnson, an appren
tice ho came here from the Pacific
541, coast tracks, received bruises when
65S ' Fcppee- his mount in the second race,
361 I fell at the half mile post and 'was
15, ' killed. Most of the eleven other
3S;t j horees in the race ran over Johnson.
114 I In the seventh race Jockeys J.
119 Cruise. J. William and W. Kelsay
765 ! sustained painful bruises when their
;g j mounts fell In a tangle at the six fur
23 (long posts. Checks, Williams' mount
Slarine Pfd gSH'ws killed. Cruise. Williams and Kel-
Vidvsle 46H will be able to ride tomorrow, it
Mexican Petroleum S3H,",S announced but Johnson may be
New York Central 70
Northern Pacific S5?
Heading 744
P.iibber 53
r.epubl:c Steel 77
Studebaker 51
St. Paul 85 S
Southern Pacific S3H
Steel
Stegl Pfd. .. .
Sirtlair .. ..
Texas Oil .. .
Union Pacific
U. S. M
Westinphouse
109 'i
30
1145
45
40s
out of tbe saddle for several days.
GORGAS LETTER PUBLISHED.
BOSTON.
1
51
Avondale
Allouez
Arizona Commexcial 12U
1H
14
20
63
410
46,
(By Review Leased Wire
CEDAR RAPIDS, Ia Jan. 9. The
Evening: Gazette, which has been con
ducting an Investigation at Camp
Cody relative to health conditions, to
day prints a communication from Sen
ator Kenyon in which he submits a
report made by Surgeon General M.
C. Gorcas, of conditions at the camp.
General Gorgas says every precaution
Is being taken to safeguard health of
the men and that conditions at Co1y
are better than in any other cantonment.
Alaska ..
American
Zinc
C. : A
C. a: H
Chief Range
Chino 43
Chile 16'i
E. Butte 10
Grar.by r 75
Green Can . 2S
Goldfie'.d g
Hancock 9Vi
Inspiration 47
Indiana 75
Kennecott 31
Keweenaw 1
Lake 6
Sal'e 2
Miami 31 4
Mohak 54
Nevada IS1
North Butte 14H
Nip 8
Old Dominion 43
Osceola 64
Pond Creek lSi
Quincy 734
Ray Cons. .. . 23
Shattuck 16
Superior Boston ' Z
Shannon 54
Utah Copper 804
Utah Con 11
Winona 1
I Save Sugar
Grape-Huts
Food with a delic
ious barleyflavor
and its own nat
ural sweetness.
1
Piano and Player-Piano
Tuning. Regulating and Reoairing.
WORK GUARANTEED
HERBERT GRIBBLE
Phone 691
MORNING POST COMMENTS.
I Hv Revlrw Lc!M Wir-
I LONDON. Jan. 1. In nnaliing that
jy qim 4. TilJ. rresiflent Tson in his niessase
jC ijtllllt 1 Iffll 1 1 pledced America to continue fishtlng
t until victcry, the Morning Post says:
j "America! of all the nations in the
Sstnrdav. Jan i?th. will be stunt ! world, is able w ith certainty to make
I , night In the Y. M. C A. gymnasium, j good her -words. Therefore, the es-
' The first game of the Y. M. C. A. city I sential point to be considered regard
That Bisbee, center of the Warren ; js ban league will be played atiing the formulation of his terms by,
district and biggest metal producing j tnal time between the igh school and ! President Wilson is plainly, what is
center in the Southwest, is still forg- tne facuity teams. This will be a fast j Germany going to do bout it?
ing to the front is attested by figures jrSme anj worth seeing. There! "As far a9 the conditions demanded
made public yesterday by U R. Bailey. . be a wrestling match between I of Germany are concerned, the ai
postmaster. The year ending Decern- prank Kates and Floyd Womack, both i lies are absolutely at one with Anier
ber 31. 1917. was the largest in point , Df Company L. Roy McAIister and ica. if Germany wants peace she can
of postoffice receipts in the history physical Director Morley will also put ! have it on the terms laid down, but
of the local office, ; on an exhibition match. Two other ( cn no other tedms."
Considering the period of the sum-' stunts are being arranged. The stunts'
mer disturbances, during which time , will be free to alL The stunts will be-1
the working forces of the local oper- gin at 7:30. j
ators were cut to a considerable point,!
the shewing of the year is all the more j WANT MORE BUSINESS.
remarkable. - j
For tbe year 1917 the total receipts; CHICAGO, Jan. 9. Western rail-;
were I50.12S.99. ! ways issued orders today .for a rn-'
For tbe preceding year, 1916. the re- prjj sumption of solicitation of pas
ceipts were f.43-257.i- senger and freight business. Execo-'
The last quarter for 1916 was the,tiTes 0f the roads explained that their!
greatest, in point of receipts, of any 1 jjm are In a position to handle more !
like period in the office's history, be-, business .that there Is no pooling and
ing $16,175.11. The same quarter in . therefore no reason why each road
1916 totaled $12,376.32. should not go ahead and obtain as
Owing to the great increase in bust-. much business as possible,
ness in the local office. Postmaster
Bailey yesterday, was authorized by:
HEADS BUREAU TO
HELP AMERICAXS
Send Santa Claus to the Front
You and your neighbors together may win a battle
for America you can SURELY help save the lives of
some of our boys. x
Great guns and many of them will do it. Squadrons
of Tanks, moving steel forts, will do it. Help your
country to buy them.
Instead of giving gold pieces for Christmas, give
this year United States War-Savings Certificates. They
are little $5 Government Bonds bearing 4 per cent
COMPOUND interest. They cost $4. 1 2 during Decem
ber. They are better than gold, and when you buy them
you aid your country. Won't you give them instead of
gold pieces this Christmas?
.Mil vyVk.
wire by the postoffice department to
increase his force by two clerks.
A FOOL AT 40
BANK RESOURCES.
It is an old nroverb that every man
WASHINGTON. JaTV-Resources ' r Pnysician at 40.
of national banks have risen to a new' Well I fooled along for 40 years la
high level of $1S.553.000.000. j the drug business and practice or med-
Compilations of reports of 7656, icine before I perfected a blood medi-
banks as of November 20. 1917. as cine that I. thought and knew I could
completed today by Comptroller Wil- offer the public with impunity,
liams. show an increase in resources: i naTe perfected Number 40 For
since September 11th. of $2,009,000 j Tne Blood, and to show you that 1
.uu an .wivuiuw ... do not wish to fool you I will send yVa
JS1n f ,& T' T 1 C,mP; Tour dollar by mail if you return the
troller called attention to the fact . . . " ;
that the total resources were a nalrront of the carton with the statement:
billion dollars greater than the that you have tried one botUe without
ereeate resources of all state banks i satisfactory result for any scrofulous ;
and trust companies and private banks j disease, for blood poison, chronic rneu-i
as reported last June. matism. maiaria, cnronic nver ana :
j stomach trouble, constipation, or in :
NAVAL FIREMAN DROWNED. fact any disease for which it is reconi-'
! mended. J. C. MendenhalL Evansvllle.
Bv Review Leased Wirel Tj
WASOINGTON. Jan. 9 Harry Gra-
ham .fireman, was drowned from a. S)ld exclusively in Bisbee at Central
i" ...
I 4
I : 4Jkf ZZ? I
- .' J
Mi - -:s
- . '.v."' ,S
. ; ; ';. :.; I
LJw'v v - - ,i
t ' T
W. O. W. DANCE
BROPHY HALL
LOWELL
Saturday Night, Januao' 12th, S30 P.M.
REYNOLD'S ORCHESTRA
Julca Cambon.
Jules Cambon, formerly French
ambassador to the United States,
will direct the new American depart
ment in the rrench government
transport January 3, the navy depart- Pharmacy, opposite Orpheum. in Lo-; n ias been formed to assist
ment announced tonieht. His father well by Lowell Drug Co.. in Douslas b i 7Tra.,fr C!,:;n.elK'a,, -T PT"
lives in Cincinnati. 1 Owl BruS Co.Adv. V T"J!ents of the
' American forces in rrance.
the old nm
seasw
CURBS.
Arkansas Arizona ..
Austin
Arizona Silver King ..
Big Ledge
JOHN a WILSON
Contractor & Builder
EW. ates furnished on all classea
of Buildings.
SEE ME LAST
Phone Green 782.
Butte t. London 14
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
S WILL BE P!( - 7 v; XEXT
s b if '1! riv ?VT " A - T! r " To of M i P
XWaTZ r'- ft TiisaT of I
J&fr- l I'M I 1 " Bodf IM BkTCrfT :.K5rciK
BISBEE FUR AND
FEED COBIPANY
Phone 121
All who know themselves in
debeted to us are courteously aste?d
to call at our office and adjust same
during the month of January, for,
on and after this month, all unpaid
accounts will be placed in the hands
of r.n attorney for collection.
We are definitely closing our
books, hence this step. May we
have an immediate remittance from
you if you are indebeted to us ?
We thank those who have fav
ored us with their patronage, and
wish each and all a happy, pros
perous New Year.
Phone 151
Bisbee Fuel and Feed Co
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everythtn2 at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month. $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppen. Manager.
Pinch
As it appears at present there will be oj.i ulJ-timer back from the boneyard to pinch Kl for the drafted
players next season. Any player familiar with the ruies of the pume since the days vf oac-o.d-cat should havj
a fine chance for a r.k-e contract Spring training trip ; should iaxc t'.J nvmnrers much laughter, as they watch
their ajred and in'irni recruits hob'ule aft-v fiies. And the fans will likely l-c convulsed m. r.y t:iaes throughout
the season. . ... A
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Painting. Paper Hanging. Tinting and
Signs. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y. W. C A.
P. O. Box 1531 Phone 739 SEVEN
f
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 10, 1918.
4
1
i
-J
J
t
t
i
s
i
!
4
it
i
1
j
f
1
Review Want Ads
Advertisement under thl head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
tosne, with a nhimnm charge of 2a cent. Advertisement must reach Th
Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in the next morning paper '
Male Help Want-d
WANTED Young man as assistant
to traveling demonstrator. Apply
H- V. Shaw Phelps Dodge McU. Co.
281
LJvARN actual auw repairing, book
keeping, short hand, radio, engineer
ing, r. 11. C A, Lo Angeles Cat
alog free.
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Girl to help with house
house. Phone Black 20. 208
Position Wanted
WANTED Position as cook in hotel
cr boarding house or camp. S. K,
Victor House. 376
WANTED Position as stationary en
gineer, steam, gas or oil, best of
references. M. J. R-, Review. 246
For Sale.
FOR SALE Two Ford touring cars.
See Shideler on the jitney service;
or Mr. Jones at Hood Bledsoe's.;
Johnson Addition. 266
FOR SALE Two bay mares, true to
puIL Will sell for $300 cash if taken ;
at once. Mrs. Preston Fletcher, 21 i
Tate Hill, Johnson Addition. 379 '
, , ,
FOR SALE New 2 room furnished j
cottage 1600. E. D-. care Rview. 245 j
rOR SALE Fvrd to; ring car in fine'
condition also Overland a passenger
light touring car, electric lichts and i
starter, fine tires. Long Trail Gar
age. 210
FOR SALE Large well furnished oab
in with two lots at 245 High Road.
School HUL If sold today 75 takes
it. 378
FOR SALE Ford speedster in No. 1
condition, cheap. City Blacksmith
Shop, Naco Road. 247
FOR SALE Desirable house, modern
fine location. 123 Quarry Canyon.
23S
FOR SALE Ford roatstcr new model
demountable rims, speedometer,
new tires, run 4000 miles, price $325
Box 958 Warren. 249
FOR SALE Six room house all con
veniences, lot 701.100. one block
from car line. Price j 3,000. Box
695, Warren, Arix. 10
FOR SALE On terms. 3 room bouse,
chicken pen. rent $12.00. Inquire
City Hall, Judge Frank Thomas.
(136)
FOR SALE Good paying, small bast-
ness. Suitable for two ladies, or
. man and wile. Address business.
Box 132. Bisbee. , . 57S
FOR SALE $175.00 Piano.
777.
Phone
(139)
FOR SALE At sacrifice, account sick
ness, the Home Industry Furniture
Company rooming house. Inquire
Hjme Industry Furniture Store.
LowelL 783
FOR SALE 1916 5 passeneer Over-;
land 4. first class condition, run only
on California paved roads, good i
paint, new tires all around. 4 extra !
2 extra rims, tire covers, skid j
chains, other extras, new Willard j
storage battery just installed, good j
as a new car for less than half the
price. Box 706. City. 2111
FOR SALE Small transient rooming!
house cheap. 21 O. K. Street, next ;
Bisbee Improvement office. 218 j
FOR SALE 3 lots and cabin. Wood;
Canyon, very little grading. W. A. !
Arthur, care Review. 232
Miscellaneous
Room and board $40 per month, cen-j
trally located. Colorado House, i
Phone Black 764 JiggerviUe. 250
CAUTION Stolen. SK shares of Je-j
rome Portland Minin? Co. personal j
stock, certificate No. 515. Anyone j
having any information on same ad-'
dress Box 6S3 Warren. Arizona. 212 1
t
If yon Intend to build or alterate your j
home it will pay you to communi-
ca.e with G. C. Hendricks, general I
contractor and builder. Box 3S23. !
215 !
G035ARD GOODWIN AND LA CAM-1
ILLE CORSET SALE One fourth j
off on ail corsets. Ines Warburton,
Expert Corsetiere. Call over Inde-J
pendent Feed Store. (153)
PETEY DLNK But Me
San, Histec
r
Plfa'se do That I
Ac-Aiu ? rv
. . 7
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms,
i Inquire Bisbee Furniture Co, (X K.
j St. 275
FOR RENT Furnished room. 5S Cas
tle HilL 220
FOR RENT Two Iarse new rooms
partiy furnished. 234A Scliool Hill.
! 259
FOR RENT Warm, comfortable f ar-
tisbej room for single man in cen
tral location in Warren, convenienc
' es for batching. Phone 3S3. 231
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished
$2 00 per week and up.
rooms
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms.
49 O. K. Street. 213
FOR RENT One furnished room in
Warren. Phone 554. 217
For Kent
FOR RENT Modern 3 room house
partly famished; $25 month. John
Wohlschlegel Opera Drive. 2i3
FOR RENT Four room house, furnit
ure for sale at a bargain. See Win
ters and Borrego, Lowell. 264
FOR RENT I room house with fur
niture for sale. Terms. A bargain.
103 Opera Drive close to V. M. C. A.
262
FOR RENT Modern 3 room flats,
sleeping porch, adults only, first
hDuse on right at end of car line
Tombstone Canyon. 216
FOR RENT Three room furnished
apartment across from Lincoln
School. J60
FOR RENT Nicely furnished house,
with garage, in Warren. Lawn and
trees, etc Inquire M. Moore, Phone
437. 600
Wanted
WANTED Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. Address B. B-
! care of Review. ;g2
' WANTED TO RENT Three or four
room furnished bouse,
view.
C. F
Re
214 Money To Loan.
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Lou a Co. Room
2. Lyric Theatre building. 166
Charles Frederick and his helpers,
Joe Caroena ac4 Manuel Richmond.
j
i
wto installed the machinery for the
new roasting plant that is going to be
used to wnri the old Contention tail
ing bed. rpet.t Sunday with the home
folks at Tombstone.
TAKES CHARGE OF
YARDS AXD DOCKS
Admiral Charles W. Par Vs.
Charles William Parks, just ap
pointed chief of the bureau of yars
and docks in the navy depart inert.
ith tae rank of rear admiral, has
been in Honolulu for severe! years
directing construction of a ing dry
dock at Pearl Harbor. His reputa
tion as a civil engineer is nation
wide and he first attracted att :nt:on
when puMk: work? officer at the
Philadelphia nsrr vcrd.
"'-7 'y
PkLr
Did It Again Just to Please Them.
t
. 1
' many fail to return
; questionaip.es to
i the local board
Seventy-five Names are Now
Listed as Slackers in Not
Complying With the Law
Within Time Limit.
The following list of names are men
o: the Warren district mho have fail
ed to return their quesitouaires to tte
lc.-al board at Tombstone within the
t::ae specified and are new deiin
quenu It is. up to them to et busy
at once cr warrants will be issued
ft r U.cir arrest and con icticn means
a terra in the county jail or a heavy
fine or both. The list probably enn
tc us the name of sevetal who have
lc;t Bisbee for other parts ol the coun
try and if so anyone that knows their
aadress should communicate with the
k ral board of Tombstone or the sher
iffs o-'fice here so that the matter can
be straightened out. The names are:
G. W. Douslas. Bisbee.
Felio Pabon. Bisbee.
Azapit Viileia. Bisbee.
Luis Garcia, Bisbee.
Ignacio Mariner, Bisbee.
Jone M. Romero, Bisbee.
Fernando Dentin guex. liisbee.
Jaun D. Acosia. Bisbee.
Edward Yenzuetla. Bisbee.
FranciscQ Otero, Bisbee.
Anjustin Guillen, Bisbee.
Marcinl Romero. Pisbee.
Julian Lata no. Bisbee.
Julio Rivera. Bisbee.
Amado Lugo. Bisbee.
Htpolite Dueardin. Pisbee.
Marv!a L. Eurgoyne. Biscee.
Greaorio Tor.ano. pitbee.
Laurino Canpor. Bisbe?.
PriTiito Psredas. Bisbee.
Benito Lujan. Bisbee.
Miguel Martinex. Bisbee.
Ancel Terin. Eisbee.
Evasgeles Royakan. Piboe.
Hernando Yrniray. Bi'bee.
Marcano Alvarez. Bisbee.
Eusesic FIcres. Bisbee.
Kumerundo Chavez. B:sbee.
John IjimbL Lowell. Ariz.
Ideis Dew. F.isee.
Wm. Forrman. Bisbee.
Paul Bowden. Lowell.
Mentin Diaz, Bisbee.
Septimus Burrow. Bisbee.
John Bcwden Alkiscn. Pisbee.
John Walter. Bisbee.
Nifco Dyurascoviah. F-isbee.
Rado AredTovkh. Bisbee.
ATfred K'.ir.iphries. nihc-e.
Bare A. Sugich. Bisbee.
Kado AIL Bisbee.
Peter M. Ct'rasaich. Bisbee.
Vrtand Fc'.iz. Bisbee.
Fmfl Hornfeldt. Bisbee.
Kay H. Carper, Bisbee.
Maxie L. Maxere. Bisbee.
Ceorce Koyokus, Bisbee.
Epicmenio Lucero. Pishee.
Ienardo Pivera. Bisbee.
Jesus Trujillo. Bisbee.
Felix Pared ti. Fisbee.
Jaun Duian. Bisbee.
Mismel Mtiri'lc. Bisbe?.
Crui de Oreo. Bisbee.
Ricrard Cullenan. BisLee.
Santiaeo Verduco. F.isbce.
lsac Knutilce. Bisbee.
Setii Dtnveahaver. Pisbee.
Pedro Rodriguez. PUbee.
Fernando Peralta. IMsbee.
Everardo Ramirez. Bisbee.
Fedro A. Trovencio. Pisbee.
Fred H. I.urton. Bistee.
Jcye Vafenznela, Bisbee.
Lule Blaachard Str-ith. E.'sbee.
Frederick Every, riicbe.
Iyrcn FranX!;n. Fistee.
Geo. I. Spercporilus. ri'tee.
Ye:acio Moreno. Poa
R?.n-.on Kerrera. Don Ltis.
Car!os Montana. Warren.
Pin Gonzales. Den Lnis.
Catarrh Cannot Be Cured
with LOCAL APPLICATION'S! as th-J
rannot reach the seat of th di9raa. Ca
tarrh tm a blood or constitutional disease,
and in ordrr to cure it son must take in
ternal rnrnnlw. Hall's Catarrh Cure is
taken internally, and a,-ts dlrecthr upon
l!ie blood and mucous surface. Hall's
Catarrh Core is not a quark metlkrine. It
was prescribed by one of the best phy
s'. tans in this country tor years and Is
a regular presmptmn. It is composed of
the best toni.-s knovn. combined with the
best blood purirWa. aetinc directly on the
mucous surfaces. The perfect comhina
t'on of the tro incredtents is what pro-ciK-es
' such wonderful results In curirur
catarrh. Send for testimonials, free.
F. J. CHKNET CO.. Props, Toledo. O.
Seld hr Prugxista. prV 7.V.
Taka liall's Family Puts (or esBatlpaUoa.
REVIEW -ANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
gr
A- .-""ia- . - J
M '-: 1 - ; ...IT ' V
1
000
HOLDS UP AUTO.
KILLS GENERAL
a . "
1
f .-V ' 'V' - v
i'
k
V ''''''"w.- i2ai
4
Serjeant G. Morini. !
A tale of real darine is the story
of Serjreant G. Alorini's feat
ct the (rates of Udine-during the re
cent Itaiiau retreat. Single-handed,
he held up a Gorman motor car, kill
ed Gen. Von Derrer. captured a Ger
mar captain and put to flight two
si..cr chau.Tcuri.
Club Directors
Chosen for Year
Directors for the present year of
the Warren District Commercial ciub
were eletted at a meeting of the mem
bers .held last evening at the ciub
rooms in the Copper Queen Hotel
building. The directors will hold a
mee'ing. very shortly, at wiiicb. t.'.ue
officers for the year wi'l be selected
and the reports of the prtsiSent anii
secretary presented.
The directors chosen, are: J. R.
Henderson, M. J. Cunningham. U J
Overlook. M- Newniaa. . J. Bwcn
E. S. P.ountree. E C. CjmrbeU. O. W.
A'len and Jesse Yoakum.
Legal Notices.
I NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
I Deiutrtnient of tae lnterirr. IT. S.
Land Office at Phoenix. Arizona.
December 29. 19I7I"
Notice- is hereby givtm that Charles
N. Thcmas of Sfcee. Arizona, v ho on
August S. 3917, m.:de H"mrf:a.l 5Tu
try No. CCSM5 lor N. 1-2. NU. 1-t.
21. W. 1-2 NW. 1-1. Sri 1-4 NW.
NE. 1-4. SW. 1-4. NW. 1-4 SE. 1-4. Sec
tion 22. Township 22 S.. Kanjze ii3 E..
G. & S. R. B. and Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to mare three year
proof to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor, r. S. Commissioner, at Bic'oee.
Arizona, cn the 4th day of Febmarj".
1913.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William F. Munch. Eduard E.
Tboiras Geor?e W. Keahey. Geor??
F. Cobbe, all cf Bisbee. Arizona.
JOHN L. IKY v.
ISceis'.e".
Firt publication." Ja. , li'lS. 1C7
Last rub!ica::?n Feb. i. 1C-1S.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
reorrfeent c frs Interior,
r. S.'LND OFFICE t Fho-aa.
Arisora. Ive. ITi. 117.
j NOTICE is hereby gien V at. ar-
; d:rf.-:,-j the Coni;.n.!:s?',n?r of t'n
!Ger.-ml T arid off. .v. ur.iU r pr '-vii-ion-'of
Se-. 2t;.". R. S.. pursuant to the ap-
'pl tr-ti'ia of Ei?a l Kn'1;ay. Ser.al No
1 097
T.C Wli!
fer t pub'ic saic.
Jo the hirhost bi'l;ler. h'l". t cot less
Mian 52-"9 p.r ac:e. at, lv:ort o'clock
A. M. on tre 2.h iay oi .anunry.
191S. ret. at ti? t.fi.c. tio folio- ric
t-set cf lard: NE 1-4 $K Sec. 17. T
Sl.. R 21 E C... Bad S R. M. .
This tract is ordered into the r.ia-Ve:
n a showir.c thfct the create.- prrKm
i TnouLlinoas or to roch icr cu!:!v
ation. Ti e cl-? r.ot be I e pt o"en. hut
T. .T1 he I'f i.m d t '.ose-i T cn ti--e
I res Tit a: the ho-T named ha, e ceas
ed l.i i l'ri:. The person riK::nt tfic
hmi et hid will be rcouired r im
mei a'ely pay to te Keceiver the
anio ;r.t therecif.
Ary por-.(.jis rlai'i'ir? aJ: crs'y t'ie
V1 ;:Vv V V. V- v.
ibove-dr rribed l.-nd are advised tc
file their claims, or objections, on or
i utore t!.? lc .ii:a-.;eJ for sale.
j JOiiN 1- ll.VIN. Keb-:su.-.
! JOHN J Lil.I-NO. Keceiver.
1 Adv. 9i6
1 irst I':ii ..ration, i'ec. 20. 19".7.
! i-l.t i'iMi.atio:-. Jaaary 2. 191S. i
NOTiCE FOR PUBLICATION
Cepirt-ner.t of t' e Interior.
I". S. LANi) tFFiC;-: at run-nix. '
rizo..n. I'ec. I"-. 1j17. !
NOTICE is Is-:-ehy fiven that 1
Charts R. Hanneu. f iti.-bee. Arizona
who. on May !. 1"17. ma le Heme-
stead Ki.try N. ;444. ftr NK 14.
Section 27." Township 2. S. Ran-re t
"H. G. & S. K. Ve:il.an. lias f led not
ice of iiiteniti n to aiake f.ve-ear,
Proof, to establish claim to the land
aW.ive described, before Jared D. )
: Taylor, C. S. Cotr.r.iissioner. at Bisbee j
Arrotia. on the 2'rd day of January.'
isis. !
' l"t:.-.i:;nt rabies as witnesses: I
John A. Walia.-e. Feter B CTine . ;
' K )hen letter. .Ma'.-k Cleveland, all ol i
llisbee. Arizona.
J. L. IRYIN. Register
-Virsi Pt.Mica'.lon. Dec. 2- 1317. J
' La-t lul :icatioa. January 23. 191$. i
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior. J
1. S. LAND UK il l: at IT.ceillX.
ArUooa. Dec. 15. 1S17.
NOTICE U herebv civen tiat Julius
II Haae. Vf iiereford, Arizona, who
cn Nii.oh 4. 1S14. made Homesteac
c.'urrv No. 024529 for SE 1-4 Sec. 19. T.
;3 S, K. 22 E and on March 1. 1915.
na-e Additional itomesieau r-nir?..
Xa C2uS64. for Lot 3 and E 1-2 and E j
1-2 SW 1-4. Section 19. Township 2?;
S Kan;e 1- G. i S. U. B. and Men ;
i :.n. has Lied notice of teient:on tc ;
make t..rce-voar Pro-.f. to establish
Ma ai to tte Ian! at-jre descrijeu. be
i Jie Jcred D. Taylor. U. S. Coaini
fioaer. at r.ishee. Arizona, on the 23rd
day of January. 191S-
Chiiirast names as witnesses:
Iieru.r.n Haase. Samuel C. Giies
Leslie Wilcox. tTauk C. Cohbe, ali o:
Hereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRYIN. Register.
Adv. 93c
First PuMication. Coc. 20. 1917.
Last Pui'Iiratioa, January 23. 131$.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Dsoartment of the Interior.
V. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix
Arizona, lvc. 15, i?17.
NOTtCfi is hereby given that Josepl
Steals, of Here&rd. wiio, on OcL 16
IS 13. trade Homestead Entry No
C::t:7 for W 1-2 SW 1-4. and S 12 NW
1-4. Sec. 33: T. 2j S, R. 2i fc. ana oi
Lit. 23. 1915. .ade additional tome
jtead entry. No. 02k 6. for N. 1 2. a:i
W. yj NE 1-i. Section 33. Tot csil
3 S , Karse 21 L. G. & S. R. IV. aus
MeniLm. has tiled notice of intent o'
to maie three-year Proof, so establish
c'.aiia to '.be Kir.d ai.tve described, be
fore Jarel D Talor. L. S. Icmmls j JE.'ET SWEENEY. V. of R. t
?ioner, at Bisbee. Artzoua. on the 22at j
day ot Jaauary. ' 23 W. 377.SO lcet " corner No. 3.
Clar.-iant tai'ies as wiinetres: j whence N. 2 04' W. i30.id feet to cor
Joseph Zaloskl. Dayton L. Graham -er 4; .jjtl.Ce S. 7S 2t" E. liw
Jr.. b.rth c? Hereford. Ariieca; Lei- ;eel to ccrrtcr No. 5; ;uence S. 2 v4
T. Wolfe. Ten Mrs-an. hcth ot G.trces j 6,. cpraer Jt , pI,c,
A- ona" . . "f bei:inaia. con:aiaiuii a net area 01
Adv. 93' t -"-112 acres. e.pressly excluUin are
irst I iibiiotion. Doc. 20. 1917. ! 'Muilivt with Suushiae of tm
Lant PuMtcstiou. January 22. 191$. ' urvey ot l2ts acres.
' "SCNSH1NE". Beginning at corner
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR L No. 1. the S. E. corner. hence the
S. PATENT. ! 1-4 cor of Sec. IS. T. 23- U- 25-E, G
; S. R. B. & M. bears S. 7S 51" E. 6.
Mineral Survey Nr 3374.
i Se.-UI No. C3SG3S.
.' Tr.ited S ates Land Othce. r'hoenly
October 31. 1917.
. Notice is hcre'oy jttven that R. A
Bretherton and C. M. Heakei. co-owa
ers. whose postoffice address is B:.-tet
Ar.:an. have maiie appiication fo
patent for the following r.nnied lod
mimn; claim, situated in ihe Warre:
Miris? Dlstrivt. Cochise ccasty. Arise
na. in Sections 13 nd 14. Township -'
S. Lan;o 2-l-IT, unapproved. G. & S. K
B. i- M.. described is follow, to-w-it:
T.OCK LA NO" V,e;ir.nins at iTj.ne
Nv 1 t!:e S. E. corner, mhor.ee tt
WW cor. .-ec. IS T. 23 S. R. 23 E. G.
S. R. R. M. b,ars S.TS 5S' E. 3233.'
fe,-t: them-e N. S31 34 W, 1134.70 fee
to corner No. 2: then -e N. 7S 20 W.
;7..".0 (eet to correr No. : tnenee TN
2 !4" V. Z'i r-vt to eerier No. 4
thence S. SC 3 4 E. 1.501 leet to oir
' ner No. S: thence S. 2 04' IT- Kt fee
o corner No. 1. the j h?ce of becinn'nc
- containir.? a net area of lS.a.'S acre--evprvsTy
eel.iw.n area la conflic
with Sa.'vtr No. "K-. Rolls lode c
1 acres.
'BLACK PEN." Besinnin; at cot
r.er Nil. 1 the 9. E. cimer. whence th
WI 4 cor. ,t Se IS. T 23 S. R. 25 E. "I
X- S. R. B. M bears S. SO 03' E
I"" feet: '.hence N. 7 20' W. ll.0
' "ft feet to comer N(V 2: thence N. fT
r i w I l -
I --Mv,-rfi,-K-r
v.r-v
L V
-v. .'V AT - .
. . ? m ; . - -
Lodge
O.SBEE tOHGE. O. 718.
leu every Fr.0j Aloo HaU. ;
. Uiuii brothers cordifl invited.
V. K. TONMN. licUicf. I
KAY KOSS. Secretary, j
LOYAL ORANGE INsTITUTIOr ;
UNiTED STAUS UR AMeRlCA
OKEAD NOUGHT. '
L- Q. L. Na 210.
Meets hia'
ii P Hall rirt ,
1' .1.1
MONDAY
at 7:30 p. m
Visiting brjth
era cordiall)
Invited to u
leud.
M
'iEtt SLEEMAN
ROBEKT FLK3LS, SeTetary
P. a Box 4:6. Bisbee.
WEEK ENDING JAN. 12. 191$.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday ChapL Reg.
Friday
Saturdajr
V. W. C.1DI.EY. W. P.
C. T. W ATKINS. Secy. F. & A. M.
W. TO LAND. E. H. P.
I C. F. PHILKROOK. T. L M.
f. E. BENMTTT. R C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOt
Bisbee LoCite N
452 meets the l
and 3rd Monday
eaot. Dines
Tich HaU. VUlt
hg inemhers coa!a'lT txvited.
t'KIU DAVIS. President
VMS. C. E. FlNOrTI. TreaSBnt
Box 7:2. Tel. 2J 6. iied.
KATHER1NE S ALHOLM. Secretary
PTHIAN SISTERS,
Lliy Temple. No. imevta every 2nc
tna Tnursuay vcoitg c" end
noQiu t Oud Fellows HalL Visiuni
1 ster aM cordially Invited,
j ;.. HaoTT. M. E. C
IfCi. lUt U1Y O. O- t , J-VJ.i
j 'eet to corner No. 2: thence N. 1 41'
' 6'W feet to comer No. 3; tbeuee N
' Si 4$' E. 9'0.!O fret to coraer No. 4.
' T-hence S. 1 41' . 604.7.0 teet to ccr
aer No. 1. .he place cf bes inning, coa
a!aia; a re; area of 12 S0 ac.-es, es
press!- esi-luii.n aera ia eoniT
wit!
Survey No. 2412. .-tpache lode cf 0.217
acrej.
The location nices o these claims
are recorded, in the oiEee cf the Coun
:y Recorder of Cochise couc;y. Arljo
au. as ioiiovis:
RocklaaJ. Book 49. Record of Mines
pae 137.
Black Ben. Book 19. Record cf Miner
psie 132.
Sunshine. iVok 49. Record of Mines
iaio !3?.
The ranie? of te a'ijoinir.s cTa'tns t
h's survey are: ca the nor:h. Survey
No. 2412. "Aaeiie lode; Neplectei an:
Ana 1. uns";rve ed; owned by appTicar:
herein: Warren Hvie. unsnrveyed; cr
tht lias: Surey No. 31"S. Ro'.la lode;
on the Sou h Surey No. 17'.4. Grenfel:
lode: Survey No. 217s. Carrao'.ita an.1
t'.rina hides; Survey No. 2221 Shut
:u. k No. 2: at l Surrey No. S:.". Car
melita and Corona IoJs on the Wes'
Surv No. 1794. Calimet lode.
J L. IRWIN. Rrsister.
F.rs' publication. Nov. 7. 1?17.
Iw-it puhMcation )n S, 191$.
7
r!0 - '
.
. v V
4
. w
1
Notices
JUNIOR ORDtR UNITED AMEP.t-
CAN MECHANICS.
Metta in Medlguvica
UaJ. second and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
Visiting brother wet
coma. ; V. D. LANE. Councillor.
J- L. BENTON, Recording Secretary.
LOOGE Na T1.
Rejular meetiztc first and third V
dy of c21 n100'- Visiting brother
cordially invited to attend.
WARNER. Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY. Secretary.
FRATERNAL 0CER EAGLSS.
Bitbee Aerie, No. 17S. y. a E, meet
firs: ani third MONDAYS, 8. p. m,
Katies H-1L Visiters cordjally el
J. F. WILMOTH. PresidenL
C L. EDMONSON. Aerie Physician.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUR
ITY. BISBEE COUNCIL NO, 2115
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays in the mtnta at L O. O. F.
halL 7:30 p. m. Ylsitlnx member arw
cordially Invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID. rresMent. P. C
Box 3 4 S3. LowelL Arix.
FREDFJUCK J. ATTAWAT.
Secretary. Ubwelt
.E, UNDQCIST.
FlcancUI SecreUry. p. o. Box S24S,
LowfD.
BISBEE LODGE. N. lO, I. O. O. P.
VJeets every
is eveniaratMd
Fellowa HalL
Mala street at 7:0 J p. m VlaiLns
brothers cordially Invited V Attend.
Kail phone II.
GEO, M UNSET. N. G.
C D, KIRBY. Secretary.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Meets nrst and tnirO
Thursdays at :i0 p. m.
In Medttovich HaU. AU
visiJne Red Men invited
SAM RYALL .Sachenu
W. U COHEN. Medicine Mas
F. C F ANDERSON, C. of R.
VIOOEHN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
r'- tJT Blsbe. Camp No. 121.
?;-ev1,, Meets first Toesday at
Odd Fellow Kail.
R. L MOTX. Con?tL
H. F VATHEWSON.
Clerk.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in a'asonic HT
Tv Pearl Chapter. No. 6. meet
I in Masonic Hall second aai
2ry fourta Tuesiay of eac
viij' month nt 7:30 p. m.
MRS. ANNA C RICHARDS, W. M.
Phone 230. P. O. Box S41. Bisbee.
MRS JFSSS BITVAN. Sec"y. P a Box
i2?!. Chairman Relief Com. Phone 1SL
WOODMEN OF THE WO-LtX
Liowcll Camp No. 4 wf.l
1 meet
meet every Wereeday
: 30, Bropby HaU.
LANDAIT. C. C.
a B, THCMAS. CVrm..
AU Vvuodmen invited.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMER'CN
YEOMAN
Richard X, Homestead Sr-5. meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Od 1
Fellows' halL Visiiin Archer are
cordially Invited.
MRS, C C. r:L.TSON. Ftremaa
P. O. Box 132i.
E. D. STINSON. Corresponded
Box 149.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rxtbhooe Lode No, li.
KnLi-.t of Pythias
meets each Thursday
I except set-ond) in Otid
Fellows' Hal! at 7:34
p. m, Vlsitins brother
ctireially inTltfd.
FRANK BRCNING. C. C.
3. C KRIGTUrNL K cf R. 8.
ByCA. VOIGilT
.'
1, ' o
V..
L
' " v
1.
aVa'--l EIGHT
THE EISEEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 10, 191S.
T? A r? 11 pi "
EAT I
A
GREATER STARS
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
fU7
vJJ i. -1 1
;Vh2re Everybody Goes to See Good Shows'
" ENC1NG 6:15
TONIGHT
WILLIAM FOX Presents
GOLDWYiYS GREATEST FRODUCTION
Featuring
V? The Heroine of INTOLERANCE"
iLA c)rl anJ "GIRTH OF A NATION," in
n A
A.
IN
3 17 M O TJ
i
GREATER PLAYS fc
lL lJ lj d a J
n
5 H
li t.i r w
"The Scarlet Pirn
A beautiful and fssdnaling love story cf the Colonial ehys done in the William Fox
AD;.'iI5ION: .MATINEE 15 CENTS.
COMING FRIDAY
5AM
"HELL'SH
b3a
6
M
F J
NIGHT, 15 CENTS AND 25 CENTS
Cnefcf the Iest TREMENDOUS, ELABORATE. REMARKABLE Photo Spectacles Ever Produced
A FICTURIZATION GF MARGARET MAYO'S WORLD FAMOUS CLASSIC IN SEVEN ACTS.
1 f
Admiscion 15c and 25c THIS INCLUDES WAR TAX
MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA
rears, he Is sometimes known as Jack logically
arrs: Philip Rowden. !?oss mton. rturs- si
ack Strieker. Ton Sheppt'iM. l ! re not im i
are two others whose r.ames couid not pnuits.
: b learned last nipht.
rarri-'il .t't. T':i drop of
; ivi!l ?o to the iutor.;er anl
v tie a l.!oi to the retailer's
Business Locals
MEXICAN RANCH RAIDED.
t l;y Kvi.-w Ijrawd AVIrv
INGES"
;to visit family. .
Sam Frankenbertr. of tUe Fair store,
'left yesterday morning: on the delayed
Gol lea State Limited for Marietta Hot
Snrincs. where he mill spend a ft-w
' weeks with his family who are spn-i-ing
the winter there. He had a lonp
' wait for the limited. It was due in
Osborn at S:30 Tuesday ni?ht. ar.d
went throueh there yesterday morn
ine at 6:30. It was delayed on a -
Orpheum Theatre
TONIGHT
Startins 6:15-
TO?nGHT
HILL and PAYNE present THE JOYMAKERS
IN
Li
pin
3 n n
3
m mm
A Musical Farce in One Act
Triangle Presents the Dainty
MD BENNET1
A Triangle Production in Five Parts.
ADMISSION 20 AND 30 CENTS
terday and after hearin? the testimony j TOun pf the billiards in the east.
in the case, te judpe took the mat
ter under advisement untd this after-! "'"- uh! tLtl'ltJ' M
I At the annua! ireetirs cf
I ren district Coantry cU.h. held Tuea-
the War-
dav r.iqht. tie fol!oi tns directors
G.
HtS PFTIIRNFn
li i h.. inmiwi fmm n-v. I were named lv the rapnih rship: A.
land. CaL, where he spent a part of;M3sor, I. K. Burses-. E. E; Vhit
tiie holidavs with kis family. 1 T. Anhur Houle. P. M. Ruckwalter.
jHenn- Pcppen. J. C. I'ysn. r"rank L.
. wt-eeler. J. N. rhspmsa. Anhitr
to her Houle was elected pres!dent. P. V.
CASE CONTINUED.
The cae of tl:e state vs. H'len
?tanany. chared with bigamy, was
continued in Jj:e H;:h"s court un
til Friday. The defendant was arrest
ed cn the charge of .iav:n? married a
youns man r:imej HiMM A. S.ar.s?.y
oa ST'eml-vr !. 1?H. when at the
same t:je vhe haJ a husband by the
nam" of s. ar Cot Hvir.jc. Tfce case
was tr-ei Monday in Jude Hirh"s
court a-.d the ti'.aaer of argument for
dirulscv.l was u; ye.-ter-lay ar.d was
t;'.kon under a.!v:ement by tUe court
until Kri-'ay. TI:e pros'cution was'
represfEte-i by t'red Sutter and As-,
sistar.t I'ounty Attorney Bruce S;e-.
phenson anl the defendant by Alex-'
ar.der iiurray. The Ueien iar.t is o'tt ,
on a STm") toud. !
EL PASO. Tcs.. Jan. 9. Francisco
Villa and a force of 1-i ren appear-d
i.t Kl Potre o, southwest of CWthaaka
eiy on January 4th and. after raidia?
this rsneh they hanged the manager
v sr.d kis sn and proce-ded in the dl-
DR. HELENS T. WEBS re-:cn of Stoia Rosalia. Chihuahua.
Has opened parlors for cluivpjdy and Villa hsd wi;? him thirty paik mules
Jr. Piat4ir. t-suxipais. S Masta
tlill. Mai' n car stop. Phone Clue 64?.
dv.
manicurtng at th Ho:
ton AarUnetits.
Adv.
?nd ! qf r.tttv cf fTnmanitKin. accord
'.Tig to official rerorts rereived h?re.
L. L. Gi'.man sells tne New Edison.
ihe phonograph with a souL
CONTRACTS SIGNED.
Expert raprr banker ana painter. C
J. BraudL Phoue 45. Boa 130. E0
ROCKHILL'S STAGE.
Bisboe-Tontbstoue. Leaves Bisice
Bisbee Auto Co.. T a. m- 1:0 p. m.
?asener cars. Careful dr.vers. I
Phoae. Bisbee 5. Adv
Pv R-x tnw Uunl Wlrr
NEW YOKK. Jan. The New
Yorfc Xst Glial leacue club announced
today ith id heeded sivtned contracts
f- r the season of VJK trom Pilther
'.'Ted Aryrrsou and Sterling Strykf.
Stryker er'ts to be ea'.led for the
.vatio! ala my next draft.
BACK TO TOMBSTONE.
Miss Elsie Toles returned
home in
spending
business
duties.
Tombscone yesterday after 1 Buckwalteri vice presii.nl and 1. F.
part of the day here on
connected with her school
Furcess. secretary.
TENNEY TO LECTURE.
" J. B. Tenner, one of the well known
' fteoloists of the district, will lecture
today to the mining class at the Y. M.
C. A. The afternoon class will be held
: at lt30 and tie evening class at T
, o'clock.
HELLO, HEREFORD.
The Mountain States Telephone
company is now ready to receive bus
iness over the wire to and from Here
ford. The wires have been strurss on
the Western I'nion poles front Lewis
Sprinps to Hereford &nd the office e--tablished
in the store of Arthur Heney.
The wire from Leis Sprincs runs
north to the main line from Fairbank
to Bisbee. coming into the Totnb-
HAS RETURNED.
J. X. Trask has returned to the dis- j stone Canyon.
trkt after an absence of a few years, i
the most or whioh he spent in the I in JAIL AT TUCSON.
northwest, and he is glad to return! j, Knsevf.-h. an Austrian member
to tie mild Arizona cVmate.
r i
WAS IN DOUGLAS. I
Mrs. A. V. Coiton came down froraj
Bisbee Tues lay cijtht on business ;
ard returned V.'elne?day mornin?. She;
was the guest of Mrs. C L. Butler.
Mrs. Colton was a resident of rKiuclas'
for seven veers aid was prominent in ;
the Woman's club, bavin; served for1
two yers as president. She was an'
active worker in the Christian church,
and was interested ia the various,
movements for the public welfare of' -Aec e
the ci.v. She is now acme secretary S"' C S SPEC,ALS
cf the i-:st.ee . W. C. A., having en-' ?; sa!t ca- u l 43-
tered upon tcr duties Junuarv 1st. s'-;t ?es no on l - s-v
She was assistant secretary for sever-1 ot' opP.sue w.cie i pea. re.
al weeks prior to her appointment as
secretary.
PRIVATE SANITARIUM.
Call P'ack 572 tor tern's etc.
Advertisement 97t
ATTENTION MINERS!
FREE. FREE. V will htb-nail all
work sh-ss boucM here t.is eek
ABSOLUTELY FREE, Kobey's, oppo
site ljsie Thea're, Adv i3i
Adv.
i
' away 30 or 60 days.
will e
Adv. 14 S
of the I. W. W.'s ho formerly resid
ed in this district, fs now serving a
i HAS RETURNED. 'term of 5ii drys in the coaty jail at
i C. W. McKee. master mechenie of Tucson for fighting and raising a d:!
; the C. A. Mining company, return-: turbance near the residence of W. R.
! ed yesterday morning from Ajo where ' Hosmer. in Ajo. Ke was taken to
i he tad been on a short business trip. , Tucson from Ajo by Deputy Sheriff
He also visited iis real estate holdings Snears, Knsevich had been found loaf-
i
: at Weldon.
ing around the powerhouse at Ajo and
had to be told to stay awsy from there
several times. -
City Briefs
' WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
j Dr. C. W. Hunt was in Tombstone
j yesterday on business connected with FIRES IN TOMBSTONE.
! the local draft board. He returned The residence of John
Mr. Colton. formerlv of this citfj v-uncr
Liter . .! I,,.r.n,rt in t. Called east OH business;
master's departmer.t at American
Lake, was transferred to Jacksonville. '
Fla.. :n IVx-ember. he ate Christmas
riinner with some friends in a Florida
ornnst groe.
Mr. lolton was f.ir several years
metalurgioal clerk at the Copper,
Queen smelter and eulisted for service
for his country last spring. He entered
the- training camp at S.n Franrisoo
and received his commission
August- Mr - Cclton was an active. s , Guarantee
mejuber of the local . M C. A, i,;. .- s ... ' . ..s.
Wi;i pay thirty dollars for use of
three hundred fifty for r.ituty days.
First class collateral. Address "IV.
. : care of Review. Adv. ;5S
P.ne 45 or for prices on paint
ing and paer har.iting. New poou.-
, now here, liu&rantee IT;nt to.
Adv. :
' member of tlie Inwrl of
IVoustlas IateroationaL
'.rectton-
;11 commence on Monday, the 21st. j home as soon as he heard of the ac- and that of Joseph
and that it is expected that it willjcident on Sacramento i"ill to assist in
take at least three weeks to clear up. the care of the wounded at the hospi-
the dockeL
W. Y.a!fcer
McPherson were'
His anyone rlilted yoa! Or
have yon ettertained? if so, call
the Review after p. a. and tell
the Soiietj Editor. Ptor. 33.
a
FROM PHOENIX.
Dr. F. E. Shine has returned from
Phoenix where he was for a few days
on official business connected
the U. S, medical boards.
taL
PARENT-TEACHERS MEETING,
The Low 11 Parent-Teachers associa
tion will hold a meeting this eVening
at the new Lowell school house at 7
o'clock.
FROM LCS ANGELES.
Walter Fife, the Los Angeles hide
buyer, came in yesterday and will
remain here for
purchasing trip.
RAIN IN TUCSON.
Passengers coming from the west
lust evenine state that rain was fRtlinc
wi,h ! in Tucson when the E. P. ; S, W. train
left there yesterday afternoon ard that
it was raining for quite a distance flis
side of that place.
i FROM "COUNTY SEAT.
a iew aays on a, pab Smith, postmaster at
. . I stone, and his brother. James Smith.
consumed by fire in Tombstone yes
terday morning. The fire started in
the garage of the Walker residence
and on account of the high wind scon ,
caught the house and both were cop.-
sumed. A smaller residence in t.e'
same yard caught fire, but it was prt
out before any damage could be done.
While the fire department was at
work on the Walker fire the residence
of J. H. McPherson. a block north of
there, caught fire from a defective
flue and the house and most of the
Tomb- ccntnts were consumed. i
ILLINOIS SEATS PUPDCE.
tKv Kvifw t-a-d Vire j
CH Mf.W.V:. l!".s.. j.-u. ,.--Mii.iois
le.'f ?. Fun'.uc 7 to 17 in a western
confererco basketball uaje lonuhi. i
1
WBITIXG HOME IS
A SAMMY'S SPORT
URGES RATIFICATION.
RICHMOND. Va.. Jan. 5 Ratifica
tion of t-e feleraip inhibition a-fenu-.rect
was recoumerUed to the Yir
ciata lesis'a'jre tod.-.y by Governor
Stur.rt in bis n essuce delivered at t'ae
';:.."ui.il session.
The
LYEIC
Beautiful
PROGRAM CHANGED DAILY
Cottinuoua Front 1 To 10 P. M.
Balcony be
Loer Floor
Keserved Seats
10C
The American Film Company.
Prtserta
WILLIAM
RUSSELL
"Ths Torch
Beaver"
A Gripping Drama of Love and
Politics in Five Acts.
"Jerry's
Hopeless
Tangle"
ON OFFICIAL BUSINESS.
Assistant County Attorney
Bruce
TAKEN UNDER ADVISEMENT.
The preliminary examination
were in the city yesterday on a short
' visit, while on their way Jiome from
of j Douglas where they had been for a
few days on a visit to friends.
Stephenson was in the city yesterday Carl Stone charged with being instru-
on business connected with his official mental in the death of Pan Maherj
position. He states that the trial of at Lowell on Christmas eve, was held - UP FROM DOUGLAS.
criminal casts in the superior court bt-fore Judge Winters al Lowell yes-
SIBEKT AXD 2IAXX, RETCRXIXG
FROM FROXT, GIJ'EX XETT
r
ft:
POSTS
I - ri- . r. "sf&x
-n. 7-rr tf?
G. IL Powell, seneral manager of
the Copper Queen branch of
Phelps-Dodge company, was in
city late yesterday afternoon and last
evening, coming up here from Doue
las as soon as he hetrd of the acci
dent on Sacramento Hi!L
BACK FROM AJO.
Conrad Schmidt and Earnest Byer
have returned from Ajo where they
spent several days on business con
nected wih the New Cornelia Cop
per company. They are both employed
by the C. : A, Minir-g company in the
mechanical department.
BANDITS KILLED. !
It has been officially announced r.t
Hermosillo that last Saturday the
bandits who last week held up and
robbei a train between Canana and
Nogales. Sonora, were attacked by a
force of men sent cut from Cananea.
the the two leaders. Ramon Oont: and
the Juan Ochoa. killed and nine more mem
bers oi the band driven across the
line into the United States. They were
found at Sierra del Putita. and the f-i-gitives
crossed the line near Sonieta
Efforts were made to have the United
States authorities apprehend the ones
who escaped, but so far no trace of
them has been discovered on this s:lo
of the line. '
FINED $75.00.
O. D. May. who was arrested Mon
dar nii.ht for having whiskey in his
I possession was fined $75.00 by City
! Judge Frank Thomas yesterday. He
! paid his fine. He was caught bv t'ie Bisbe? about
IN THE PICTURE.
Few people that saw the Countess
Charming the ot!r nisht at the
Eagle theatre knew that there was a
native son of Risbee in the picture
with Julian Eltinpe. the woman im
personator. P.ut there was. He is
Lloyd Huches. the son of William and
May Hughes, end who was born in
1 years ago. He is a
f -'' -ri 't J - .
to,., 4 $sy..- ;
f p '' .-" .
. ... . j c "4
4 . ri . '
r
pockets and two more were found in
his room when it was searched.
police officers with three pints in his grandson cf William Hughes ani wife
of the Huches block. Eltinee has
taken a fancy to the Risbee youth and
has had him appear in a nuvibcr ot
TAKES OVER BUSINESS. pictures with bin and the Counters
The Buxton Smith company has Charmint is one of them. LloyJ has
taken over the business of the Myers- been makinr his heme in Los AnctlM
Darling and Hin'on compsny. both of for several years as his parents bi.;h,
this city and in IVmglas. The deal reside there,
was consummated on Mondav. The
B'txlon-Smith company mill continue
to occupy the old Review building to
handle their increasing business.
r
7 i
3Iaj. Gen. M iiliam L. Sibert (left) end Maj. Ctn. Wil'ism .V. Mann,
Upon their recent return from France. whrre tlioy served as divisional
commindc-rs Tith the American eyed:t:orat-y forces therr.e Maj. Oen.
.ViLiam L Sil-ert and Maj. Cen. William A. Mann were a.-s;.r::?i to new
pests by Secretary of Wa' Pc'er. (ienera! S.trt takes com:.-, n-i of the
Soutbea-tem e'etartment, relieving Gen. Wiilirm P. Duval!, r-tirei. and
Cieneral Maun gues to the tastera tlipartment, relieving Maj. Gen. Eii I).
Iioile, ,
JOIN CANADIAN APMY.
Sven English citirens of the War
ren District are to leave this morn
ing for Vancouver .where thev will
tke the cTaminition for enlistment
in the Canadian army. They wer en
rr i!ed yesteriay br Sercennt niinn'an.
T; nr'nritt of those who enlisted are
men who have been fnaking their
home, in the Warren District for a
r-'-mi.er of years. Among those mho
are going are Jack Mahey. who has
been working at the Gardner for
WHY NOT ECONOMIZE
"Wliiie saving for the war. why use
the miles of wrapping paper and t i-c
thnt daily ire wasted in the stores."
is the criticism of a patriotic Pis..,,
matron. She continued. "Why s'vuM
I be ar named to carry a pn-kn;" of
breakfast food in its orcinal neat csr
ton or a loaf of hrea I already wrappe.1
in its waxed paper, and why should
the tine of C'e elerk anil my own le
nt In tKe wrappin; pro.e;? :i-r: t
we not cet lower prices if tbe stores
cut out all this fussing?" On the s.n;e
line ts the cash an J-arry system,
somcthins that nrsM save 10 cr
cent of the cost of doing business ii i
, .v ,i "la I
Ew . -VJ' rfi- A. V5
A few words to the folks ia am kTJ
moment.
Though there is sever a great deal
of time to give to it, th American
boy in France is happy for the
chance of sending- a few cheerful
lines back home to the folks. Any
thing at all will do for a writing desk
and it is usually an outdoor sport.
Captain Farker of the American
forces ii shown in the p icier at aa
improvised writinc dofck.
VICTROLA
For the Whole Family
The Yictrcla and Victor Records bring into your
home the whole world of music, exactly as rendered by
the greatest artists and entertainers. They are the un
failir.s means of holding the young folks home, and of
making every evening a p?r:od of enjoyment and re
creation for the grown-ups.
VICTROLAS
From $20 to $210
Cn Easy Monthly Payments.
Watch for our Annual L'ndermusin S.xlr on W ed
ncsday, January 16th.
a
I
t