MARKETS
WEATHER.
ARIZONV: T:ifdy
c ui :g : not m u c
crar.re in !eu'.irst;ire.
Government Price of
Copper. 2;.S0.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 20. No. 1SS.
THE BIS13EE DAILY REVlEr, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 15, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
cnir pi mr
V"r ar I 1 ! I 8 I v mm J
PRIORITY
FOR EASTERPJ
CONSUMERS
Ships are Flaced on Essential,
last for CoaL Fuel and Food
Given Right of Way byj
Railway Administration.
1
Cy Review Leased Wire i
WASHINGTON. Jan. 14. Ships j
transporting supplies to Europe were-
added by Fuel Administrator Garfield
tonight t ten list of essentials that!
must be supplied with coaL They
with coaL
. i j r inHiic'riie '
were put anna ui r-.c-u j
after report came to the fnel admin-1
istr&ticn liiat a million 'nos or ship-1
ping is held at New York for lack of
ccal.
A general plan of distribution de
signed to meet the fuel famine in the
east, as ooUined by Dr. Garfield to
night, given preference first to house
holders; second, to public utilities sup
plying light and naet; third, to stips
Of
1
'""T . -SI. 1 -ji ,'th.!lw a coal famine that closed downj
war materials
allies: fourth, to war industries ana. the blast rurcaces or soutn luirasu,
fifth to all other classes of industry. shnt p the worid' two greatest pack
, The program will apply probably to tg nd threatenea another tie-
all states of the Mississippi. i . -,
The preferential and curtailment , up i railways,
plan. Dr. Carfield made clear tonight I The Chicago. Milwaukee and St.
is an emergency arrangement made p, iSSUed orders that every possible
necessary by famine conditions. When tnl11 cancelled to conserve fuel,
re'ief appears for the shortage that is ; ; kjng tant,
bringing suffering to thousands in 1 u" .
eastern eities. the orders will be mdo-fclosed and put every employe to work
ified. clearing tracks or scow so coal and
j cattle could be moved.
CTy lieview LpsM wire) ; Meanwhile the weather bureau is-
WASKINGTON. Jan. 14. Inter- suei warning that another gale is
Terence with railroad transportation sweeping toward the city, leaving in
by the blizard. led Director General jts wake snow covered states through
xfrArirm trnisht to establish Ilmitec
priority orders on coal and food for;0f the ero weather tojiay permiueaj Tne niarine corps was fully prepar
New Yor anJ vicinity, giving the ' cUizens and 60.000 children wh baa , e)j when war was declared, the gener
Srst instructions of the kind since te been released from school for tfce j aj testified, and its expansion from
recently cancelled all fcrmal priority, j week partly to clear the streets and1 . li.tnift nien t0 the present enrollment
For the middle west, .where most permit delivery of milk, food nd;of 33,000 was anticipated by early or
freight and passenger traffic still wssj scanty supplies of coal j ders. many of which were placed even
be'.d up by friaid weather and deep : Now in South. before diplomatic relations with Ger-
suwo. Mr. McAdoo issued no priority! The new storm which is expected to, many were severed. He said the day
crders. biit railroad management re-'reach Chicago in the nest 24 hours after war was declared, he investigat
reiv i irsin-tiors t omove coal and ' was centralized today over eastern 1 the working of the Lewis machine
food ahead of all other ships ana to ;
do their most to clear the snow.
Action on the New York situation!
vi as taken on advice rf A. H. Smith.
iistrnt director in chsr?? of eastera .
lines, who retorted that 11S ships
were held in New York harbor await-j
Ing coaL 1
As soon as normal weather is re-;
stored, the priority order will be wita-
drawn. Mr. MsAdoo expressed
hope "thtt it will rot materially a:
feet industrial activity."
r tL.ltinlu
i
as a roi:i i-1 "i uiuvix. New Schedule,
tiep cf traffic in the mUdie west,, w BJarfc traffic TOanaRPr of tne
a multitude of requests for priority Atchison Topek, ,nd Santa Fe. said
lor msny cc.nin-oUitie, poured in upon te four daj,r tniM OB ttM Vm
the railroad administration today, but twee c, cts() and CaKromiia. ar
a'J were refused until Mr. Smith tele- nDnine c'Iose to reeuiar schedules
graphed his urgent re-ommendations Thp California Limitel departed to
for the New York situation. Officials tlich( , two jon, and tne Santa
explained that the transportation sltu-iFe jj depart as nsuai to
ation cj-n te cleared n best by letting mom,m.
railroads mae wnat mey can 01 me
whole bulk of freight accumulation.
i.
-Freicht moving week." opened to-
day nnder rather inauspicious circum-
ftsncea. with drayage and nn.oaaine
facilities or terminals occupiea wan
other task made necessary by the
storm, bat he rising temperatures
over the country gave officials hope
that teh latter days of the week would
be open for a great freight clearance
movement.
t Mwara w. inimwrs, general irai-:
flc director of the railroad adrninistra-j
tion. tdoay took up the question cf co-
ordicatirg government shipments and
irranged a plan for e'enrance through ,
te railroiMt adm'ntstration of all spe-i
cial requests for hurry movements, tor '
all bra?ctes of the government. Spe-'
cial needs of the emergency fleet
c-prratH n f or 1 e vy fir ti-rbers from
the west and other materials are ua- lord or the admiralty, made the Joi- not less than the accruing interest on
der consideration and assuran'-es have lowing statement concerning the at-'the road's funded or other indebted
ten given" that building will not be lac bT German warships on a convoy j ness.
i!lowe-i to lag because of transoorta- ,n tb North sea December llth. in i Bird M. Robinson, representing the
tion difficulties.
R H. Aishton. a Chicaeo and North
western r.ffirial to whom Mr. McAdoo
h?d tPierraphed to use every effort to
(Continued on rng Two j
WRECK VICTIMS TO HOUSTON.
i that other forces at sea for the pur-; given them many of the roads caa
Br Rfvifw Lsfd Wlr( rose of protecting took all possible not operate under federal control.
HOUSTON. Tex.. Jan. 14. Bodies gtep8 tc come to their assistance and) Chairman Sims of the committee in
of fifteen of the sixteen vlrtims of
the wreek to-lay of a Houston and
Texas Cntra! r?ilro?.d passenger train
rear Himmonl station ere brou-ht
here 'ste tonl'-hi. The boy of the
otver virs taktn t his bon.e in a nir-
by ton.
Se' en of : e rro-e g"ricu'y injured
r!.o were bro ivht here to a hol ital.
Tcur soVie.s al! pfivates, were inane
the killed.
' Hanged
(Ttv R'i"w I.easf-1 VVIrM 5
CONCORD, X. H.. Jan. 15. Fred- I
e:iek L. Small. a former Boston I
broker, was ban?ed at the state
priion at 12:rs this morning for J
the murder of his wife. Florence
Arleen Small, at their home in Os- i
sinee, in September. 1916.
Small's only words when he was
informed he must die were:- J
I am resigned. God s will be
done." j
He was accompanied into the
eath chamber by his spiritual ad-
viser, but not a word was said
there. Before the trap was sprun
! ail the ! ignis were luraea oui ana
Small went to his death in the
I f !
darkness.
NDUSTRY KITS
IN CHICAGO DOE
TO COAL FAMINE
j
i
. Rt;-J TTrtr
Another Buzzard inreatecst
.... r1 i c 1..
Windy City. Fuel supply
r Dl Ci...
1-orce Dig riant to OOS -
j . - r TrrrtA
pend Operations tor i nne.
. CHICAGO. Jan. 14. Chicago, just re
covering from the most seTere bli
lard in 50 years, was today gripped .
out the southwest, ine mmrraiKin
Texas and was moving nomrasmiru; Eun and as trie tests were satisiactory
across the lower Mississippi -valley jhe immediately ordered sufficient of
with increosed intensity and bringing j them to equip the marines,
with it a heavy fall of snow to the The general declared be had no
greater portions of Illinois and Mis- "dollar-a-year" men in the purchasing
sourL ' department of the corps and that all
Altaough railways entering Chica- j contracts were awarded under the
to generally reported conditions were 1 competitive system. There have been
being restored to normal and scores no complaints of shortage, he testi-
: I
'reached the citr. the incoming more-j
. - ... . . !
men OI COPI was saia to oe uinwrous ;
ly slow with the city's supplies al-j
readv depleted by the two storms of;
R u Winchel. director of trafTic of
the I'nion Pacific, said reoort show- i
lb.t ,n tra,,,,, eastbound into
Omaha. Xeb, were on time. He dd-i
th,t Deavy snowfalls in Kansas
and Nebraska were welcomed by the
people of those stat'es as forecasting
Urge crops of winter wheat,
,
Admiralty Has
Excuse for the
Convoy Failure
Bv R1w Iea!vd Wire!
LONDON. Jan. 14. In the houes of
commons today Sir Eric Geddes. first .
which one British and five neutral :
merchantmen, a British torpedo boat :
destroyer and four
armed trawlers,
wen sunk: !
"The admiralty finds that the es-
corting vessels did their best to pro '
tect the convoy and weer fought in a
i. proper and seaman- like manner, and '
prevent the escaye of the enemy.
"It is due to Vice Admiral Sir
ratd patty. commander of the grand
fleet, to say that the admiralty finis
the circumstances which preevnted
covering forces from behind reaching
the spot where such as could not be
prtvntrd and th?t the commander in
chiefs dispositions were the best that
could have been made with the forces
available."
mm of
81? 8 i
WAR FAVORED
i Willird and Baruch Declare in
Favor of Munitions Admin
istrator, marine Corps Head
Resents Interference.
WASHINGTON. Jac. 14. One mil
control of all war supplies in the I'nit
ed Stales was advocated today before
the senate military committee by Dan
iel E. Wtilard, chairman of tha war tn
dustries board, and Bernard M. Har
uch, head of the board's raw material
division.
Bothfavored creating a munitions
administrator appointed by the presi-
dent, cut not a member of tne cabinet.
to con.ro, a, ,,ar supp:;e&
! Neither favored a separate depart-
Jjjjpnj or mun;tion Mr Willard en-
! dorsel t!le supply purchasing re-or-
gaaiml;3n pjan submitted ust week
1 by Secretary Baker, though he said it
is weak in reliance upon voluntary
cc-o Deration.
Mr. Baruch fa pored highly central
ized authority over munitions, advo
cating a plan brcadcr than that - em-
pioyed in England.
The arguments of Mr. Willard and
Mr. Baruch apparently made a pro
found impression on the committee.
Today's testimony apparently strength
ened determination of committee mem
bers to recommend legislation for a
change, despite the unfavorable atti
tude tf the president.
BARNETT OPPOSES PLAN
- WASHINGTON. Jan. 14. Vigorous
opposition to the creation of a depart
ment of munitions it it is to interfere
with the maria corps purchasing sys
tem, was fcfcre'ssed before the house
investigating committee todsy by Ma
jor General George aBmett. command
ing the corps. The present system,
the general said, had been entirely
satisfactory.
Health conditions are even better
. . . : 1. l-A
man in peace iiiut:. nc urviairu.
At the conclusion of the evidence
the committeemen general! express-
ed satisfaction with conditions as re
veid by the witness.
Small Roads of
Country in Need
Of Legislation
(By Rp1ew I.tsrd Wire!
WASHIXGTOX. Jan. 14. Anical-
ments to the administration railway
bill to meet the particular needs or
the smaller roads were submitted to
the house committee working on inter
state commerce problems by repre
sentatives of the American Short
Line association. They proposed that
the president be authorized to make
an agreement with carriers on the
amount of compensation where it is
shown that there are "peculiar circum
stances" confronting the roads which
would .nake the standard return a?
provided in the present bill unjust cr
inequitable, and to pay pending the
settlement of arbitration or appeal, rot
Mess than 90 per cent of the standard
return, providing that that amount is
Short Line association, told the corn-
mittee that there are some S00 lines
in the organiiation he represents.
many of which have small earnings ,
and others have deficits. These roads;
must have some guarantee other than I
that provided in the bill as it now i
stands, he said, and unless they are;
terrupted the .hearing for a few
minutes to tell the railway executives :
in the room that he considered It un
fortunate that so .naiy of them looked
on feierjil control in any other way
than a ar emergency.
FUEL SUPPLY SHOT.
NHV YORK. Jan. 14. Lark of fuel
t-r.s forced l.l industrial plant
throughout New York state to suspend. J
BY WITNESS;
i
i
!
AND THIS
fc 1,1 1,11 1 f f Hi. 1' I II
ECRU1TING FOR
11
SHIP BUILDERS
STARTS AI ONCE!!
Chairman Hurley Announces!)
J ,
Plan to Secure 250,003
Shipyards Employees Fromjj
Industries Throughout the'
Country.
(By F.evk-w Leased WlnO I
WASHINGTON. Jan. 14. Plans for;
recruiting a volunteer reserve of i3i-i
000 shipyards workers were announc- j
ed tonight by Chairman Hurley of the !
shipping board.
The men will be enlisted with the
aid of state councils of defence and
the labor department's empiawment
! agencies. They wil lbe used in the
j yards as fast as their services can be :
, utilized. It is estimated that fully.
1 1KK).000 w il be placed within the next :
I five months.
j Approval today by the enate com-
: merre committee of a bll approprat
i ing $S0 0(M).0OO for provding house ac!
' comraodations for shipyard workers j
I led shipping board officials to believe j
that the entire reserve may be put to ,
I work before the end if tre year. The
committee also approved bills to au-l
j thorize the board to commandeer trol-!
; ley lines if necessary to provide trans-j
portation for workmen and to create
military ione around shiryards.
Congress was asked by the shipping
board today for an appropriation ofj
$?31.(00.0o0 already authorized and in
anticipation of which contracts al- service of 15 years years as represen
ready have been let. ' tative from the sixth congressional dis-
Plana Outlined. : trict of Massachusetts. Augustus P.
Plans for forming the reserve were Gardner resigned last year when war
outlined tonight in a telegram sent was was declared to. enter the I'ni
by Chairman Hurley of the shipping ted States ar.ny. For years he had
board, to the chairmen of all state de fougn for national preparedness, for a
fence councils. bigger army and a bigger navy, and
ill give
two weks to the work, beginning Jan- hostilities he gave prompt and practi- our lines Dy anti-airvraft fire: the
uary SO. By then the shipping board j cal demonstration of his patriotism. i p.iot was captured. Three of our ma
believes defense council rhalrmen will In the Spanish American war he cnines are missing,
have had time to organize for reoeiv- served as captain and assistant ad-1 -During Sundav nicht our nicht riv
ing the volunteers,
"Start organizing at once.'
Hurley wired the chairmen.
f--i.;...-. f . m V. a .1..I. V. .K V. i
itiiii mi maui? iit-nT mr 11 1 u-
ly skilled men we need can be spared.
Millions of Americans have been
waiting merely to be told what serv-
ice thty can render. Trained men can
render no service more vitally needed
than the service of the nation in ttie
shipyards. As a gsuge of future needs
there were approximately 50.000 men
employed in shipyards six months
aco, while today there are about 143 -
0o. a volunteer army of :.'.i) 0W) men.
l.eld n reserve, each man ready to put
his whole heart Into the work when
.'oniiiiioxl on Iage Two)
IS XOT CAMOUFLAGE,
it;
Denied
. -
PHOhiXIX. Jan. 14 Tne su-
preme couit today denied the an-
piicaiion for a rehearing of the 5
v Campbe'.I-nunt goTem irship con- S'
test aud overruled he Campbell mo- ;
ion to readjust the costs of the t .
long legal battle for possession of y
I the governorship. Former Govern-
1
t'r t-.tan. cniei tounei ior vauip-
bfu- ,he dion
closed the case, ttovercor Hunt J
i in p-wses-j
sion of the office fcr the remiitider l
'Jt
of lIs setm-
GARDNER
IS
Former Representative i n
Congress Who Joined Army
at Outbreak of War Dies of :
j
Pneumonia at Camp;
Wheeler.
(Br Tvtew leased Wic-
MACON, Ga. Jan. 14. Major
Augustus P. Gardner of Hamil
ton. "Mats , died late today at the
Camp Wheeler base hospital after
a abort illnesa from pneumonia.
(By Review Lr&ard Wire
BOSTON. Jan. 14 After Continuous
when this country became involved in
AsST
mm
AND
SOLDER
DEAD
: jutant general on the staff of Generarin machines druwed bombs on Ron-
Mr. James H. Wilson, and thereafter wag-',er3 and Menin. All returned safely." iJn aionths to come evervthing de
Name ed a determined fight in and out of Karisruhe. which is the capital of '.(.
b ... .kv. J . 9 t n.
c(iimr- ior iut- r vit-u4-iii wi mvi
1:t n military and naval forces.
1 Since his graduation from Harvard
in lS-6. Mr. Gardner had devoted the
greater part of his time to politics.
After joining the army 'art year
Major Gardner was commissioned a
colonel, but at his own request was
reduced to major In orier that he
.night be sent to France for active
service.
NEWS BRINGS GRIEF.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 14 News ol
Continued on Tne Two)
KAISER HILL!
- -i j4 r .1
. 'vr -,'v--. w.v:
RAID KARLSRUHE
Hi M DAYLIGHT
Squadrons of English Avia-
tors Fly Over Capital of
Baden, Dropping Bombs on
Railway and Munition
Works.
(By Kfviw lasU WirV
LONIH)N. J in. 14. A successful
daylight air raid has been made oa
Karlsruhe, accordant to a Kriiifh otu
cial communication issued touight.
The text of tile statement says:
"Today our squadron carried out a
most successful raid into Germany in
broad da light, their objectives biiis
the railway station and munitions fac
tory at Karlsruhe. One and a quarter
tons of bombs were dropped. Hursts
were observed on buildings and sid
ings of the main railway junction in
tne center of the ton. on railway
workshops and a smaller jurctiou m
wn
tire was started tn factories alongside
the railway, which was confirmed by
photographs.
"The anti-aircraft fire was. very kea -
I machines vainly attacked our forma-
: twn. All our aeroplanes accomp'.isn-
ed their object and returned safely.
' "Bombing and attacks with machine
i gun fire from low altitudes were cmr
i ried out incessantly Sunday. More
tnau four hundred bombs were drop-
Urr(, -n.m..n,tion dnnn near
Roulers and on hestile billets and rail
way junctions. A party of the netuy
engaged in extinguishing a large fire
and attacked by machine gun fire was
scattered and the fire was left to ru
at wUl.
. ' In combats seven hostile machines
m-r ilrivn down nut nf control. Aa-
,Mhr .s f...M to land intact behind
.. ...
infi granu uu-ny 01 taaen. several
times has received visitations from al-
led airmen. It is situated about fifty
miles from the French border and ha
t population of between TS.iHH and 1iH
poo
mm
Aii
SERIOUS ARMY FIRE j w:,,r " "ur '"'
WASHINGTON. Jan. 14.-A quant I- h''the enemr possessed the ad
tv of arrr.y suprs. inc lmiing $l.0oV v,nUfie of , in,erior position. w1tlt
0;H wonh of loAvl. wa, destroyed the ! nly system, continued the
quar.ernvvMer s warehouse ru.ned and ,n(r p,, BO corr,
several other bin dine damaged by a p,,niUnK adxantage in stabilitr and sol
f re today at the Washington barracks I
. occupied by engineer troops. vntlnued on I'as Two)
RECRUITING
LAUNCHED II
BRITAIN F
GREAT- FORCE
! Director of National Service
Tells People of England
That Additional Soldiers
are Needed for ths Army.
(Pv R"v!w l.-a!sl Wlrvl
LONDON. Jan. 14. Nearly half a
million men from Great liritain alone
are to be. recruited into the British
army at the earliest date possible, an i
it is probable that many more will be
added to that number in the rominjr
months. These will comprise ti:
younger men who up to the preset; I
time have been exempt bevause
their employ mert in Industries essen
tial to the war service.
This announcement was made tn the
house of commons today by Sir Auck
land Geudes, minister of national serv
ice, whose statement of the govern
ment's manpower r.ropnsiils are replete
with interesting details of nrita'.u's
J strength in the struggle iruo hv."
she means to throw her full resource.
Th- minister set forth the ctattis
and needs of th HrUish fighting and
munition forces and the measure the
government is taking after agreement
with most of the labor leaders for re
cruiting from the classes fof skilled
workers who were promised ex? no
tion ten conscription was adopted.
Total Enrollment.
The empire ha enrolled 7.5G0.0il
fighting and labor battalion (ones dur
ing the war. according to the state
ment of the minister and now has
more than .0(HV0O . (.rolled. bif
needs more iuw ta hoid its on
against the enemy until the American
strength is available.
He praised the spirit in which the
labor leaders have mt the govern
ment, but regretted that te amalga
mated society of engineers had re
mained outside the conference, adding,
however, that the invitation was still
open to the mejicbrs of this socirty.
He paid warm tribute to the work of
thewon.en and declared that some of
the young men among the millions of
exempted worker apparently consid
ered themselves a privileged ol?ss
and threatened to hold up by strikes
liie building of airplane-- and ships.
"If they dtf." he exclaimed, "they
will get sui h a blast o liatred it wiil
suprise them."
War'a Control Problem.
Sir Auckland Geddes prefaced his
remarks on the government's man-
rpower proposals by the declaration
that nothing could be more misleading
than tiie suggestion that the -.nan-power
problem could be solved by a rtra
matic stroke. It was the central prob
lem of the war.
"It means everything." he said,
"ships, armies, munitions, food, ligt.
heat and coal. At the moment, the
most anxious problem is not the sup
ply Of men for the army. But we have
to taVe steps againft the time when
It will be a time which. I be'.teve,
is not far distant."
tniing into details of the situation,
the minister said in part:
"The plain facts do not support the
statement that the ar.nles are melting
for hu-k of recruits and that recruit
ing has broken down.
Kxciudins Russia and Rumania, the
nlUes hre a suhstanti.il superiorly in
fighting strength over the central pow-
iers. From a statistical standpoint the
nor anxiety.
Tie withdrawal of Russia means
that not less than l.(?tM.iHH men will
be made available on the western
front. Notwithstanding Russia's defec
tion, the resource cf the allies and
America are sufficient to assure vic
tory, and nothing but a psychological
catastrcre can save the central
powers.
"Kvery day the Mit'tng force of
Britain becomes of greater importance
t the alliance Russia no longt-r
strike for freedom: France ha pour
ed forth her strength in the struggle
and cannot sustain trie full burden in
definitely; America is no; yet in the
field, and months must elapse before
she can advance with full stride; Italy
has sufefred grave misfortune.
On the Britain and on the sk.ll
i .10. -m .k ...(.... v.,.
1 '
Supreme at Sea
'At sea we must be supreme; In the
air we must win supreniaiy. and on
land we must do the best wecan to fill
i the gap Rusla has made until Amert-
j ca can take her place. And all the TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 15, 1918.
war ixnrsTniEs board so bust it has'had "
OXf.V OXE PHOTOGRAPH TAKEX; HERE IT IS
Sv s . y
T! zr md.irir bor-X Left I right, seitrJ lmi WiHrC. lobcrt & Brwokms. Knort S. Lovttt mnd
Berncr ;.i trLch. Standing tltar !mirai F. f'. Hftchcr, Hush FrayiK. CoL raimec t. fierce and U.
... P. Injei. aruag secretary of li.e Utzrd.
Major Gardner
Statesman and
Soldier Deed
C'Witinud from Pae
Major Augustus P. Gardner's death at
Camp Wheeler vat received ith sor
row in the capitoL not only in coneres
sional and official circles, bnt among
citizens generallr. whose admiration
he won when, though a grandfather,
he laid down tis work as a prepared
ness champion in cougress and joined
the army at the outbreak of the war.
, During the 15 years he was a mem
ber of the hott" Major Gardner
fought for JiSeralizing of the rules,
restrictive -immigration to uphold
American standards and preparedness
tor war
Born in Boston.
Born at Eoston on November 4.
Major Gardner was graduated at
Harvard in and later attended the
Harvard law school for two years
thonsi fce never practiced law. Then
he weDl into business looking after
the large estates of his family and in
lSo launched into state politics, a
year latter becoming a member of the
republican state committee. During
the Spanisa-Ajaeriran war with the
rank of captain, he served as assistant
adjutant general at amp Thomas at
Chickamanga, nd weat to Porto Hico
where he was brevet ted major for gal
lantry under fire.
Mr. Gardner was ia England when
the European war broke out in 1SI4
and volnnteered his services to the
embassy at London to look after Amer
icans. Returning home he made a per
sis'ent campaign for preparedness
which did not end trnil he was called
to the colors as a member of the offi
ce reserve corps.
Sirs. Gardner was Miss Constance
Lodse. Her daughter, who has two
children, is the wife of Lieutenant
Graft W. Minot of Boston, now in
France.
: '
Revolutionary
Socialists Are
Making Threats
(By Review Leastd Wire
PETKuGRAIi. Jan li. i he Social
Revolutionary nitn.ebrs of the ccastt
tuent assembly have issued a mani
festo bitterly deno'.mcins the Bolsbe
viki as "usurpers oj power, mho have
precipitated the country into an byss
cf civii war tad anarcby."
While placi.is tb resumition of
peace n the head of their own pro
gram, the siasers oT the manifesto re
proached the tioisheviki for taiug
c:e!uded the worn rut soldiers with
hopes of Immediate .peace instead of
nil h fbey Lave opened the front to
the energy. brocht the country to
;re vere of a Dew and overt he'Diin
ar caused by the rupture of rtiatiouj
iith te entente, a? d left Russia to
i er fate."
The nianifp-stztits cmpliasize tLe
tianeer of a general peate at Kussli s
expense and declare that only the
iieuibers of the ccnsti.ueat asscicblj
Ere entiled to represent Kussia ani
!-:ina about a universal deuiorraik'
; ea e.
The jiroprunj of the o-il Revolu
t or.ary numbers is to deaiobilize the
vearied arn.y ard reoru.t a new vol
i nte?r ariry. cea?-e civil war ar.d pro
r'aim tc-deralism on the bar-is of a
T;-:s-i2n republic. Te prosram in
'lid -s a'so abolition of j-risate oner
siip cf land asd the na;ion.izaion or
rlutg and natural reources.
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING aESl.LT
All Traces of Scrofula
Eradicated from the System
By the greatest of all purifiers.
A common nutake in the treat
ment ot scrofula has been the use
et mercucy and other mineral mix
tures, the eSect of which is to bot
tle cp the impurities ia the blood,
and hide them from the surface.
The inpunties and dangers are
oniv added to in this way.
i-" .1 t. c c c
has been the one recognized rehabl'"
tiocd remc!y thit has been citd.
Recruiting for
Sip Builders
Starts at Once
(Continued from Page One -
i
called will give assurance that the
! sitautioc of the future wil Ibe met.
"Just as the troops in the trenches
are supported by the reserves behind
them, so must we hare a large force
of skilled and patriotic workmen
ready at any moment to enlist in the
battle for democracy in the shipyaYds.
Every skilled workman who volunteers
must feel that he has joined tre mili
tary lon-e of America. A full day's
work in the yard is equivalent to tak
ing a German trench. Employers can
be most helpful in facilitating the re
lease of skilled workmen who desire
to volunteer for the reserve. With a
reserve of 230.000 we will be ready for
every need."
Military Party
Dominant Now
In Hun Nation
(By Review Lnt!eJ Wire)
LO.VDOX. Jan. 14 Reading
be
ieen lines in the German newspapers
it leon:es app-jrent that the confer
ences of military and political leaders
nw taking place at Beriin are regard
ed as an effort to cbtain some, sort
rf agreement among the German par
ties as to war aims.
The Berlin Vorwaerts, organ of the
socialists, says the militarist party iu
iera:any is completely in the aseen
Jancy. The newspaper adds that ev
erything now points to a military dic
tatorship, accompanied by the resigna
ion of Pr. khard von Kuehlmann.
he Gei man foreign minister.
A dispatch to the Exchange Tele
riaph t:ra Znrich quotes a Vienna
lispatch received there as saying:
"The success d the militarist party
akins itse'.f felt. Ml is no longer
"cnsitiired netessjtry in Berlin and
Vie. na to use hypocritical language."
The Co'ione Gazette prints toe fol
wins, stating that it is an official
.elejram from Vienna:
The Wailed Fist
"The central powers now fine
heu;seives ia a most enviable milit
ary and economic josition. Tliey
;l,erefore propose lo give Russia no
more time or opportunity for furthei
ifceii. If a satisfactory arrangement
is cot made pro.upt'y we shall break
off the pour parlers and throw re
ponsihility for what follows entirely
";-.n tae Russians."
Directors and
Officers Named
By Business Men
I'irettors for toe present year. 151$.
of the Warren District Business Men's
associiuion were elected last etening
at a meeing of the organization, he a
in its looms in the Muceim block. Fol
lowing the election of the directors
and the election of the cfiicers a
sntrfcer and luncheon was served.
The directors selected are: Fred A.
VcKirney. C. S. M'ilson. S. '. Iod'Is.
Com ("op?tthwaiTe. J. J. IHisal. M.
Coop r. V. S. Ciinritf. The of'icers
remain the scnie as of last yesr. name
i : J While, pr-siiint : Robert
n'auiiitou. virepresiden! : C. S. K ith,
secretary, and C. W. Allen. tri?urer.
with highly satisfactory results foe
Scrofula. Being made of the roots
and herbs of the forest, it is guaran
teed purely vegetable, and absolute!)
free from all mineral ingredients.
You can ol.tain S. S. S. from any
drugstore. Our chief medical adviser
is an e?ocrt on ill blood disorders,
and will cheerfully give you full
advice as to the treatment of yoar
own cae. Aiiviress Swiit Speciac
Lo, D-ft. F Atlanta. G.
Coal Is Placed
On Priority
Oontinutd from Page Oni-1
clear up stormbound freight on west-J
era ranroaas. reponea:
Great Difficulty.
"Greatest di'ticn'ty was experienced
in t'hic&feo and in a ra litis of about
250 miles where the severity or the
storm created a condition that hss not
been equalled in history in this ter
litory for over twenty years.
"AH employees stuck to their tasks
of keeping transportation moving rs(
long as it was humanly possible to do
so. Every available man was employ
ed in the moving of snow and very
eood progress as made yesterday an
last night.
"Every man that can be sparM from
any other class of work is being used
to remove snow from trfeks in Cat
-ago railroad yards so that trznspona
icn may be resumed at the earliest
hour possible."
BOYLE WILL SPEAK.
- (By Reiew Leased W1re
rVXVER. Jan. H. Governor Em
met C. Boyle of Nevada will address
the joint convention of the Colorado
Vetal Vl.uing association and the Gol-t
-rado chapter of te Am?ii!an Mining
x-ngress here January ??d, A tee
;ram accepting the invitaiLn to sreak
wes received from Governor Boyl to
aistt by M. R Tomblin. secretary of
both organizations.
Governor Bsyle wii' speak on the
silver situation, which will have an im
oorrant place on the program.
TEXAS CATTLEMAN INDICTED
(By Review Leased Wire)
EL PASO. Tex, Jan. 14. Williaai
1. RusselL bsnker of Lubbock. Tes..
was indicted late today cn a charge
of murder in connection with the ki'
ling of Charles Qualey January -d.
Later he was denied bond in a habeas
'orpos hearine. Qualey was a minins
jcn. Russell was here buying catt'e
it the time of the shooting.
REVIEW WANT ACS FOR RESULTS
XE1V BRITISH AMBASSADOR TO U. S. TO
DIPErTLV REPRESEXT WAR CAirVET
r?-sif - V,'v-'4 ;v-r'vWw.;ovrl
Mux.
C"5 -.'I
v f -3 vr-: : .-v. . . " ..' . .
V v. - - -v. v '. ' '
T-t: l.caia. Ac Ln.i:U amba.-v. au:r. i. ..: ia'.ia;
Fail I'f-nf'ns. !. r.1 cl. cf nit:,-e f (";ei : I'.r iuin. cm.ne t t!'e
t"n:tei Str.te c r;l-av!rr ! ?tK-v;i t'i" Spf t. T.v.f srd ! : e the
ci.recl rcriM :.'..t ir ti'e Sr:'.sh ;r c- ' .n u i i f ;; e -on: "is cn
tsv v.r. k v.' i-i,..,! ,:tT l.r! !' ! 5 Mii'v ; ; 'ice- lv;
v.ut v.oik. I!c is ln:i-i.- ;;h h-m ; V. t . .r.-tor. Ls.'y !:.'.,uir,; .
War Summary
Although there still is talk in un
official quarters of the possibility of
a final break in the peare negotia
tions between the central powers and
the Bolsheviki. tlie armistice evident
ly has been extended to February IS.
and it is reported that the pour parlors
will be transferred from Brest-Litovsk
to Warsaw.
Later advices indicate that there
was considerable haggling between
the opposing delegates at Brest-Litovsk
oer territorUil questions and the
fixing of a clause in - the proposed
treaty announcing peace. Trotiky.
the Bolshevikl foreign minister, prov
ed recalcitrant with regard to the
Gorman formula "that the contracting
parties have resolved henceforth to
live In peace and friendship" declared
that it was a "decorative phrase" au1
did not describe what the future re
lations between the Russian and Ger-;
man peoples would be. '
Internal Strife Continues. i
Internal strife continues in various '
parts of Russia. Bolsheviki troops
are reported to have cleared General
KaledSnes cossack3 from the Don j
river basin and to have raptured EVa-1
torinslav. Following previous re-j
ports of a mutiny of sailors at Sebas j
topol. where 62 officers, among them:
four admirals, were killed. Russian ,
soldiers are declared to have looted
the town of Kilia and in fighting with
the I'krainians to have forced the
second Ukrainian recipient to surren
der and lay down T.O") rifles and 13'
machine guns. j
The Petrograd garrison also aopar
ently is out of hand, idle soldiers hav
ing been reporter as going into the'
provinces and taking food from the in-.
habitants and bringing it back to the
capital and selling it at exorbitant
prices.
The social revolutionary members ;
of the constituent assembly in Russia '
are opposed to a genernl peace at
Russia's erpense and declare that the
Bolsheviki are "usurpers of poer.
who hive precipiated the country in
to an abyss of civil war and anarchy." .
Berlin Conference.
Speculation is rife concerning the '
conferences that are being held in
Berlin between tle military and noli-;
ticai leaders in which Emoeror .Wil
liam and the crown prince also have
participated. "A death ftrugele Is
now proceeding between the reich
stag peace majority and the military
annexationist party." says a Bavarian
newspaper, which adds that it does
not know which side the government 1
will support and that Egyptian dart-,
ness "enshrouds the nation's peace .
terms."
Infantry Activity Light.
Cold weather and snows still are re '
tarding the infantry activity cn the
battle front, where no figMir.g of mo-
nient is taking place, except in the na
ture of sm;!l pstro! engaeerac-nts 1
artillery duels. Xotwi'hstanding the
fact that similar condi:ions prevailed,
last week, the British "cssualries for'
the seven days ending this Monday
were I4.97J. as compared wi;h 1S.SSS
the previous week, and 9.951 the wee?;
before thaL
For the first tiie in many months
British aviators have carried out an
air raid on Karlsruhe, capital of Bad
en. The raid was made in the day
time. CONTEMPT CHARGED.
(By Review Lese-1 Wire)
WASHINGTON". ,an. 14. t onterupt
proceedings were insti nted in the
supreme court tedtv against Federal
Judge John M. Kiilits of tiie district
for corthern Ohio by Attorney General
Gregcry. charging Judse Kii'.its with
.usiending execution of judgment in
deiinitely against a bank embexi'er
in violation of the surreme court s
specific order.
V - ' A. ', V C " ' - 1
Officers Look
For ihe Money
Taken by i me f
CAMP FI NSTUN". Kans. Jan. 14 The minister declared that it would
Interest in the amount of money t.fken ; b necessary to raise in tins country
Friday night bv Captain I-wis Whis- 4-0.0 to 4:.ih men from civil
ler from the armv bank here after ! n absolute minimum. -More
the kiM-.ne of four men with an axe!nS"i be necessary during thecomlng
and the injuring of a fifth, was nee., year. He ad Jed that the goveiiimen;
ondarj- lonicht to the question of what i h'' decided not to introduce conscrip-K-.r,,
't. h,h. c-, i tion in Ireland for the present, nor
Wnisler. who committed suicide hen
suspicion pointed to him. had acct.m
plices.
has revealed nothing and Majc.r FranX i X!n- '0l,nR "en ia essential indus
WUbur S nith. assistant chief of star: i he said, had acted as if they
and .head of the intelligence depart- j "J1 P1 Position. They must
menu went to Kansas City today to'?51" !he r1, ,h tberS "d
mailed from the cantonment Friday
night and Sat unlay morning.
TK.. s ... -.!.. rt..l..n ! tl . Tim .-a 1 1
from JfS.. to $S0.0fl. Army . Jthori-i
ties have been investigating the re -
". T ..- . L
the guard lines at the west gate of
tiie reservation Friday r.isht an hour
and a half after the robbery and mur
ders. tiepi'e the reslricions clamped
down hen he crime was discovered.
reported, the motor car as seen!
standing in front of 'he Y. W. C. A
hostess house. The information ob
tainable tonight is that it was occupi -
ed by a man and two women, the .nan i
being a servii-e car driver.
WHISLER THOUGHT INSANE.
SAUNA. Knns.. Jan. 14 Mrs. Va-
dne Whlsler. divorced wife of Captain I
l.wis R WhUU-r mhn fcitlm! hinwtfl
at c amp Fucstoa Saturday, discussed
the tragedy todxy for the first time,
Mrs. Whisler declared that her for
mer husband in the opmica of his
ri..r. .1 A . k..j v..... :..
, ..i.j
the rraredv at l imp Funs.on br c.e-
clarinc that anvthire CDtai WhisW
wanted when setied ith one of his
"speels." he had to have. Mrs. Whis
ler sta'.ed that she knew of her tor
mer nusband s friendship with a y,uag
woman of Ottaaa. Kans.. to whom -ie
wrote a note just bciore he comiaitted
suicide. Rumors cf this friendship,
she said, came to her tn-tore he insti
tuted proceedings for a divorce a year
ago.
Recruiting in
Britain Starts
(Continued from lasr out)
idarirv of nuhli. nnininn
Discu-sin? the ae Aiitsttnn he said
the Germans were usins bovs of IS on
. : . ..... I -
mt i.u.-siac iruui ana luai Austria uas
raised the limit to JS years. Analyz
ing the enemy's triith, he declared
'hat the Germans ou!d be abie to
witndraw SiO.Ov'O men from tiie east
ern front and the Austnaus would be
able to release enough to n.akethe to
tal l.ottuK'O.
On Equal Terms
Sir Auckland assured the l.oue that
the entente allies at the present time
in numoers and morale re on eqjat
terms with the forces of tueenemy at
present opposed to them, and th the
would be lound during the jear, count
face any additional forces which the
enemy could bring. Whea the full
force of America came into p;ay. a
superiority would be established that
would be the sure herald of complete
.tnd final victory.
The naval personnef! said the minis
ter, had expanded during the war from
150.000 to 400.000. The army today
had more than 4.0ort.oot men oa the
rolls. The combined air service had
increased from 2wi to i;?.ooo. The
For Heating
P-:l"- j
liasue' M
The portable ges heat? r will take the chill off quickly and make the
dining room cornfort&He at meal time, and it will be found conveni
ent, too, for hewtini the beJ room and bath rco.-. Any home with
out a central heaiir.g pLsr.l has use for a gr.s heater. We carry sev
eral different types prices $1.75 to $9X0..,. See them as well as
other &as appliances at cur store.
Qishee Improvement Co.
5j2tara3csac.
total enrollment in the armed forces
had been 7.."i'0.iHH. England had con
tributed 4.r:;o.o'0: Scotland S-'rt.oOO:
Wales 280.OOO: Ireland KO.OvO: thedo-
mini m and colonies !(HUHa. The re
snd similar o
niaiumg 1.0'0.'HHi composed of native
labor corps, carriers
orkers ere from India.
Africa and other dependent ies.
' change the tml.tarv ate limit in Great
Britain and the colonies.
I The government could not give pref
erential treatment to any organization
Sir Ai'kland praised the spirit shown
by the labor leaders in the negotia
tions with the government. Eitorts
vr In md'y Ti- !nl
! strif,? ,a munl "s '" '
tonus men were threatening to hold
V. . ,,,:, ,n
I iu uiun v j 1 ' .............. . .
send the wounded back to the front
and drag out their fathers and stop j
the leave of the men at the front !
! ...
I believe that if they do they will
meet such a Mast ot hatred it wui
i surprise them." he declared.
Prospective demands tor taeor at
ik innlilini nhiiit and under tha
; lmirnItT .numnted to 4-9.0O0 men
n.( llioii women. The appeal for
j labor for shipyards had met with a
I a?ifvinff- ivsminse: more than 5.000
I ,rait themselves in the
last month and ;i"0 had started to
work. Altogether during IVceuiber.
o.iHii vacancies for men and iS.PO'J
r
j
women had been filled.
RECOGNIZES FINLAND.
iBv Revtrw l.rasd vv irr
AMSTKULlAM. J.n.
14. Austria-
llur.iarv has recocnie! the independ-
rn' e t nn!,n.nJ- -rd'" Q
i rs!rn fro:u 'n-
Marinello
Leaf Jelly
ep t?wia siuch4Ii. wa
itthtiutiy aonurd. it
juck!y Irav-t tha
t tor trace of otancs-.
1 a
It may be wrd a dra Xxmr a !rr
! wa good resiles. Frw nrapte acd
' (WnMcistratianarieratwjeeTirstocovev
east at ttuUina trul pacusc and booklet
a'.cDonald'a Kiar.nello Shop
Phone 305.
' 1
Catarrh C&nnOt Be CuTCd
with LOCAL AFFUCATIOXS. a they
ran not reach the set the diaea. Ca
tarrh is a Mood or eonstiftitioaal disease,
and In order to cure it you mul take in
ternal remedies. H.-U"s Cat.vrrh Cure rs
taken Internally, and acts (tirerttj npo
the blood and mucous surface. Hall's
Catarrh Cure is not a quark medicine. It
was pre-rlned b one of the best phy
sicians ia this country for years and ts
a rrvular prescnptKMt. It ts eumposed of
(he best tonw-s known, combined with the
best blood purifiers, acting directly on the
mucous surfaces. The perfect combina
tion of the U Ingredients ts what pro
duces such wonderful results in runng
cstsrrh. Send f r testimonials, free.
F. J. CHENET 4 CO.. Prop. Toledo, O.
Peid by tneewt aeV TV.
Taa Hall Family ruia for eoaatlaatiaa.
7-
iiy r Rose
IA K-m '
Permits the mixing of
breakfast biscuits the
night before. 25c a
pound. (B-98)
Crescent
Doubl Acting Baking Powdr
r
IF YOU
HAVE
SOMETHING
to sat
LET JACK KNOT.
He Will Sell
It For Yoa
Jack Ashforth. the Rhode
Island Jew, who keep
Jack's Place by the side of
the road on the way from
Hereford to the Huachuca
Mountains.
On the first and third Fri
day of each month Jack will
have a sale at his place of
about every article under
the sun. Many people will
be there to buy. Every one
knows Jack is on the square.
So if you have something
3'ou want badly to get rid
of for a cash consideration,
bring it to Jack's place and
set your lowest price on it.
Only a small commission
upon sale of goods.
REVIEW
BRING
WANT ADS
RESULTS.
"
rT!!wlaXi-" THREE
J
Sale Starts at
8:00 o'CIock
Sal.
Both
at
cr.
Bisbee and
Lovell
ft
Tomorrow
is
Morning
-.
Stoies
WVcnesday,
January
16th"
v
Wednesday,
January
16th
tWS
SY. i1
I
r
I
fail W tkn'sAhf w
THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 15, 1915.
W - -. ...si
aa " i
mm
-K? --I
Our Annual January White Sales Bring Forth
Undermuslins in Fiuffy Heaps at V ery Low Prices
I Mil :
Fascinating Array of
DAINTY UNDERMUSLINS
Fascinating in syle with excellence of quality and temptingly low
priced, make this selection of undermuslins an attraction of unusual
interest to all women.
Thrifty women who take pride in their stock of undermuslins,
will do well to visit this store tomorrow, and partake freely in these
dainty garments, as present market conditions indicate another ad
vance in prices, which means PRICES like THESE will be impossible
in a few short weeks.
Special Lot at 50c
Prices alone cannot tell the s:ory. nor can this adTertisement
do justice to the many exceptional values featured at this price
(whiie no comparative prices or "ralues" are quote, youl! find they
measure np in style, workmanship and quality to garments usually
priced muih higher). Included in this lot are Gowns, Drawers,
Corset Covers, eta, daintily trimmed with, lares, embroideries and
ribbons.
95c
Lot
$1.25 Lot
In selecting these garments, service
as well as beauty has been considered.
Exceptionally well made garments trim
med with fancy embroideries, ribbons
and laces in a wide variety of styles to
choose from. If you want to ascertain
how much 95c will purchase, don't ov
erlook this lot. All sizes are to be had.
You will notice the extensive use of
laces, embroideries and ribbons on rhese
garments that are very dainty and fem
inine. Included in this lot at $1.25 are
Gowns, Envelope Chemise, Drawers,
Corset Covers, Combination Corset
Cover and Drawers, etc YouH find it
true economy to buy from this popular
priced lot of undermuslins.
"PR1CE"
Nothing is more uncertain these
days than "price." Tha price of any
article today, is liable to change with
in an incredibly short time. This is
true in practically all lines of merch
andise Only one thing regarding "price" is
reasonably certain, and that is. that
whenever any change comes it is sure
to be "upward."
Fortunately for this store and its
patrons, we p r o t e ct ed ourselves
against unusual price conditions by
placing early and extensive orders
with the result that now. much of our
merchandise Is being sold to you at
prices lower than today's market
alne.
Special Lot at 75c
All are made of the best materials, following the latest models
and attractively trimmed in rice laces, embroideries, ribbon,
tucks, etc. Included are Gowns. Envelope Chsmisa, Drawers, Petti
coats etc.. in a wiJn asort merit of styles from plala to the most
elaborate tall sizes). The woman who buys a reaaons supply at
this price will congratulate herself in a few week's when she find-
what wonderful savings she has made.
" sT VI
,1- 1
$1.50 Lot
Your special attention is called to
the quality of material use din this lot
at $1.50 and the wide variety of styles
which are daintily adorned with fine
laces, embroideries and ribbons. In
cluded are Gowns, Princes Slips, En
velope Chemises, Drawers, Corset Cov
ers, Petticoats, Combination Drawers
and Corset Covers, etc
v
$1.95 Lot
A notable lot at $ 1 .95. Notable for
the excellent workmanship, style and
splendid materials and exquisite trim
mings, presenting an opportunity to
economize on beautiful summer under
garments. Included are Princess Slips,
Envelope Chemises, Petticoats, Laces,
Embroideries and Ribbons constitute
the trimmings.
A Special $2.50 Lot
The newest of designs and daintiest of fabrics combine to make
this $2.50 lot irresistibly lovely. They are the perfection of fit and
finish in styles which appeal tq the beauty-loving heart of every
woman. They are indispensable to the woman who wants to feel
.dell dressed from head to foot. Included are Night Gowns, Envelop:
Chemises, Combinations, Drawers, Urder-skirts, Corsst Co .-ore, c"c.
A Special Lot at $2.95
Fine-fitting, well designed under-garments are very inexpen
sive luxuries when purchased from this lot at $2.5. No woman
need hesitate to indulge her fondness for the filmiest dreams in
lingerie when she realizes that everyone of them possesses the ex
cellent wearing qualities of garments carefully made of the best
materials. There are Gowns, Envelope Chemises, Combinations,
Drawers, Under-skirts, Corset Covers, etc
Extra Values in a Lot at $3.95
Gentlewomen the world over demand that under-muslins shall
be as fine and dainty as good taste and good material can make
them. Come in and look over this assortment at $3.95. They are
fashioned of the loveliest soft materials, trimmed with delicate laces
and embroideries and made up in the newest, most artistic designs.
Night Gowns Drewers, Envelope Chermies, Combinations, Under
skirts, Corset Covers, etc
i
fQ, Children's Undermuslins Are Also Featured in This White Sals j Corset Covers 25c
S&lf drawers only, very er.rtpti.
Let 2 25c
hildren's
onal val-
Children's drawers only are fea
tured in this lot at 25c. For moth
ers who would avail themselves of
unusual opportunities, no better
time will present itself.
An opportunity to purchase dainty underwear at so temptingly
low prices may not present itself in many months, and probably never
Lot 3 Special 35c
In eluded are Gowns, Drawers, Band Skirts, Perfec
tion Waists, in all sizes from 2 to 1 4 years.
Lot 4 Special 50c
In this lot are Drawers, Princess Slips, Band Skirts,
Gowns, etc., in sizes from 2 to 1 4 years.
Lot 5
U. S. FOOD ADMINISTRATION LICENSE NUMBER G-13942
-75c
This lot at 75c offers a
wonderful opportunity to se
cure exceptionally good values
in children's drawers, combina
tion of waist and drawers,
gowns, band skirts, princess
slips. Perfection waists, etc.,
all made of high-grade mate
rials. ' Children's Princess Slips
In this Special Lot are chi'iureVs
Princess Slips only In siies from 2 to
14 years, made of an extra good grade
muslin, special at $1-S and S1.50.
r v
r i T ...
In this lot of Corset Covers at 23c, is
a wide variety that will please both eye
and purse.
AMERICAN NATION
'ASSOUI
PCRKLESS DA
mimi
AO
nriTinii
uruu
ni
11 Ul
AYS lii THE COUNTRY
I!y R'viw tfArfA Wire)
SALT LAKE CITY. Jan. H. The
Americrn National Livestock asocia
ticn and the Llresiock prodjrers of
tfce United States represpn'.ed by it
are pairiotica'!? la-k of the co era
n nt ar.d its r:iiitary f"rcs to the enl.
that the preat trorld w.ir niay be won
for liberty and jimke.
Ttis tl.e tuo;a-e sent toJay
from e t"nty-frst annual (-"aven-tion
of the Niti-n?I U' "t-- 'E a.;S'wi -
tion in session here to Gv: era'. Jo!:n
J. Pershir.e. commander o t'e Au:eri
ran erpol;ti2ary farces now in
France.
The te'eznm read:
"Acnual co:ivetion Amric?n Na
tional Livestock associtaion s-nd
hearty preetitirs to yon and our boy
fn France. We stnd back of you in
winning the war."
Dominant Note,
ra'rirtlsni was tV.e predominant
chord cf the convention end was the
keynrte of every address t'elive:ed be
fore the opT-:n2 s'ion. Pre:1tnt
I. T. Pryor sounded the torsin of pa
triotic c Cope ration between the live
stcrk men nd the eovemmert In his
enr.orsl addrefs h'n he declared that
the liT"s:ort Tin a rrnd"cer. of
meat asV nothi's of :!.e goTn.mnt
but a fair rf' orcn V.ict prod irt
and th3t t! v be nil expeefd to pro
dace it at a l;s3. TLe prc?id' iit voic-
ation or American owned cattle by visory board the committee on feJeial
Mexican bandits and the opening of j reserve and graxing lands and the
a door through which, these Mexican j committee on predatory wild animals
cattle rustlers could dispose of the j resolutions were adopted protesting
confiscated stock at a handsome prof-.cnv proposed advances in grating fees.
' it and to the exclusion of possible re- j asking for certain alterations in the
dress by the rightful American own-traiing regulations pertaining to for
ers. To the end that such loss of ; est reserves and calling upon congress
valuable livestock may be stopped : for an appropriation of S500.00 for
and that the beef supp'y may be con- i immediate use by the biolosical sur-
! served rfd increased to this extent, vey in the extermination of destruc
tive committee urges prompt action by tiTe animals.
the government. The convention opened Its first ses-
A similar telezrani sl-med bv mem-'sion with an attendance of more than
l hem of the executive committee was i six hundred delegates from this and
ed the unanimous sentiment or the!.ent to Zach Ccbb. collector of cus-j other states.
ronvemicn when he declared that the(?on,s t EI Paso Tex Thls telegram
livestock men are ready and willing ireis; URGES PORK CONSERVATION,
to do all in their power to meet the, ' -Through reliable sources we are In- o 'Kr r'-t?1 wl7; ,
demand cr the government ror In-1 formed that the packing riant In Jua- . 14-lnat
creased prodiiftion and rniy ask that ; ffl is bout to operation. This ! th Sovernment control or the con
the government in return give them , TOuld ano.her opportunity for Mex- j somption ot meat without supplying a
the considerstion to enable and en- ioo to , few American herds corresponding outlet for the product
ccura. c tfcera in accomplishing this, j of rattIe ,eft ln Mica v. e urgently w"s working hardsh p on t.he cattl?
in !:m Bith the jittiMtde of the as-; . . . raisers was the contention of Frank
... . . . -t ut x lU JUUi iuiiuc;nr tu
so:atirn to employ every means pos - divert tne removal of the packing
:it!e t"v.ard the conservation of the operation in Juarei."
.T.eat supply the executive committee This telegram is signed by II. S.
f Ui" national organization through Stephenson. II. A. Jactro. O. K. War
rrs:rient Pryor. telegraphed to Secre-lren nwieht a Heard. L U Harmon
tiry Iavid F. Houston of the depart-' aE(j f. Pryor.
m-nt or sericulture asking Dim to, announcement was made to r .7 ,h; "Cl nr4rljir .
t.rerert the re-r.rw.rinir nf the Juarer .u .w.. .1 Increasing and thereby providing a
- - ------ iiT- .iuv-uiiiin luai iiirTr (ttiv-c. i ma
racking plant. Mex. The telegram to. had been sera the action was unan
Mr. Homion says: onsly arproed and the tnformat
Pjotest Opening Plant (That a wire had been sent o General
-We have reliable information that ; Pershing was received ith an out
me juarez. Mex.. pacEing r'm is ours,! 01 applause. scheduled to be given at tomorrow1
tbout to res ime operation. We be-1 Urges Porkless Day. morning's session of the livestock
lieve the prime object of this move! President "Pryor in his annual ad- f0ciation convention, but due to the
is to furnish a narket for confiscated clress uea't chiefly with the proposed absence of Sam H. fowan and J. V.
cntt!e that It would not be safe to ira-'chanee in the meatless day program i-ianty. who were on the program to
port rn hoor because the owner cou'd or the federal food administration un- speak today, he delivered the speeva
i.'enMfy the an'mal which Is impossible der wAlch the livestock rren will ask this afternoon. The association wait-1
if dressed as teef. The or.ening of tie government to substitute porkless ed until the last minute for Mr. Co-'
te r-Tit mean the confiscation of lays in lieu of the present meatless wan or Mr. Delaney. but when they
," n enn"s ratt'e '"ca'ed in Mexii-o. We Tuesday. Action by the convention failed to appear, called upon M..
hope yon can find way to stop it, cn this cbject Is to be t?kcn when the Hagenharth.
I lie ererusi-e rot'imittee sees in the narket committee's report is subaiit- Immediate eliminato r, of meatl-- '
propo-"d opening of the Juarez plant ted. days insofar a tiiey apply to bet'f. ,
C" pbiin; of a premium upon confisc-j At a Joint session of the national ad-j veal, mutton a in lamb, was urged up-,
J. Hagenbarth. president of the Na
tional Wool Growers' association ln
speech delivered at the 21st annual
convention of the American Livestock
association here this afternoon.
M. Hagenbarth said that as a re
sult of the meatless days, cattle were
increasing and thereby providing a
i hnrrien whli-h he said should not be
alm" borne bv the livestock men. He as
ition gerted that pork should b conserved
in preference to beer.
Mr. Hagenbarth's speech was
on the gov-rr?m!l l.y I. T. Pryor
'president or the tsaciaton He t-
i clared that by the siimtna ton it wo-i'.i
encourage the consumption or :he
j products of which he said, there was
ja surplus, and release for the con
j sumption of the associated of the Vni
i ted States in the war a vast amount
'of hog meat and rats, so essential to
t the overseas nations and their armies
The convention opened with what
! was said to toe Cie largest attendance
1 at any annual meeting since the organ
i ization or the association. Storms in
I the east, however, are reported t
have prevented several rrura attend,
i ing. Speeches or those scheduled to
speak but unable to reach here will
be read.
I Speeches or welcome were delivered
by Governor Simon riamberger of
jl'tah; Mayor W. Mont Ferry or Salt
Lake City, and M. Y. Parsons second
, vice president or the association, of
Salt Lake City. John W. Springer of
Denver. Colo., responded,
i In conformity ith a resolution
passed by the executive committee of
' the association. President Iroyor sent
, a telegram to David F. Houston, sec
1 retary of agriculture, asking that he
: make every effort to prevent the re
opening of the Juarei Packing com
pany's plant at Juarez. Mex It was
believed that the re-opening of the
plant would furnish an outlet to
i American cattle stolen in raids by '
Mexican -bandits.
Dwight R Heard of Phovnix. Ariio
: na. was chosen chairman of the reso
lutions committee by the executive
committee. The resolutions commit
tee will meet tomorrow.
j cu:u jui?c. e-
I
-' Li1l;e? ,VS.- -iv twiOJStV, -lv- "
I .sC- iJ iuVfV'- -eff fcWi.A . " :
m i i . ja w .
l instead of cofTeo 1
,-lV V rl-' .r.
BRITISH CASUALTY LIS
MOTHER'S FRIEND PiET5H?0ls
LONDON. Jan. 14 rsritish casual y
reported during the week totalled tb.
9). divided as follows:
Killed or died of wounds officers.
117: men F.H9. Wounded or missing
officers men 19.40S.
FOR
Expectant Hothers
HELPS NATURE
IT fcWlMf to h
Akca Into ih wm 4 iriRkM iM (,m.
r; a. it nx-wv f.urtt v.tMs nart!B f
mi Uk Um m't ml f cwu mi4 bukw.
?hiac jim ra jk k ad piWMI tvc-W
vwMi.ric. cim tinrd, achisg t as AMI
oo - Kjv tl MaMsrd Kwn! for SS ut,
Svt M trcci:iats nmt.iv. Vv ANn n
II K KrU arw itvr. 1 nl Baa-ku ) kiUk
A-au, AJca & UwtJ, U , X. . FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 15, 1918.
Published Every Day Except Monday By the
State Consolidated Publishing Company.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press Is exclusively entitled to tie
nse for republication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights ef republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Business Office Phone No. 39.
BRANCH CONNECTING ALL DEPARTMENTS.
Advertising Rates on AppEcation.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisfaee. Arizona,
lender Act of Marc 8, 187.
Subscription Rates, Payable In Advance:
PER MONTH
THREE MONTHS
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per rear.
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per Quarter
S .75
rss
4.00
7-60
t&O
.75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
Review subscribers not receiving a copy of The Biabee
Daily Review before a. m. will pet one promptly by
special Western Union Messenger by telephoning the
Circulation Department . No. 39. The Review will con
sider it a favor if the Irregularity of delivery is reported
to the Circulation Department. The Messenger Service
applies to Biabee only.
Tuesday Morning, January 15, 1918.
An Ominous Repetition
The confident Torfs of assurance and broad, fair
promises of Secretar Baker to the country at large in
general and his critics of the congressional probe com
mittee in particular regarding America's readiness to prop
erly prosecute the war. are being received with doubt and
distrust upon every hand. The facta so far revealed do
not bear the secretary out. in his optimism. His rejec
tion of the Lewis gun od piddling delay and technical
bickering all have tended to discredit him in the eyes
of aU thinking men who are eager to see this nation
take its rightful place in the front rank of those opposing
the armies of the Hunnish empire.
Students of French history will remember, just before
the war between France and Germany in 1870, how the
French minister of war at that time issued a grandiloquent
proclamation in which he set forth in glowing colors the
fine state of preparedness of the French armies for the
invader. The French cheered and waved the tricolor
and their brave soldiers went forth to the slaughter pen
It was the blackest page in French military annals since
the Hundred Years' war. Her troops never fought better,
but they had neither arms, ammunition, equipment artil
lery, transportation facilit'es. generals or food. Ttt re
sult was that France lay helpless under a conquering foe
within three months and had to lose two of her frirest
provinces and buy her nationality back with a billion
in money.
And now comes this man Baker and prates o' the ac
complishments of the war department in preparing this
nation for its greatest war. With nearly a year chalked
up against him since America broke off relations with tk
Hun. Baker can show but little on his side of the ledger.
Our men are training with broomsticks and are without
machine guns and artillery. Their equipment, clothes
and camp supplies are about thirty per cent readv. FumI
tape, piffle and hesitation mark every step of the depart
ment so far in making ready for war.
If Baker could only sec the facts as they are and recog
nize his errors and incompetency It would not be quite
so bad. He might mend his ways and improve bis
course. But the hopeless and pathetic part or It all is
he thinks he has done splendidly. Excuses pour from
him like treacle from a crock. . He has the brazen nerve
to oppose the congressional plan of a department of muni
tions. His chief, the president, seems to uphold him and
give ear to his one hundred and one reasons why he has
wasted so much precious time and accomplished so little
of that which is imperative for our proper" shewing in
this war.
And Daniels, secretary of the navy, is of tie satne
stripe. And so is Gregory, the attorney general. Three
pronounced pacifists In the war cabinet. Gregory's mis
placed leniency to arrested German spies and agents and
alien enemies is the scandal of all patriots n the nation's
capital and the despair of the secret service. Our ship
building plans liave been messed and muddled and chang
ed and delayed until no man can say in what condition
they are today, and investigators are actually nf-aid to
look closely and see.
Business men. capitalists, inventors, experts, indus
trial captains and the flower of our civilian leaiera in
every line have unselfishly volunteered to help the gov
ernment in this crisis with their training and experience
and genius in handling great affairs, and in most cases
they have bumped squarely against the stone wall of J
the little heads of the great departments of the army
and nary, and as a result been able to accomplish but
little up to tffis time.
But the matter is not past mending. The public p-o"ie
Is going down into the matter. Publicity will for- either
changes of methods or nitn. The genius of America for
organization will get full play and we wrH soon be in
our stride. But the truth must be told and incompe'nce
in high places branded with words that burn.
The example of the French minister of war of fifty
years ago is still too plain before the civilized nations
of the world to allow another war secretary to long im
pose upon bis people with empty promises and glittering
generalities.
BY PRINT OR BY FORCE.
The instructions Issued by the centor at Berlin to
the newspapers of Germany, now in possession of the
state department at Washington, says tne New York
Worid, show how powerfully a silenced or mendacious
press may aid autocracy. To suppress or distort truth,
to exaggerate or belittle, as the case may be. information
favorable or unfavorable, to ignore domestic suffering
and disorder, and above all to make it appear that the
entrance of the United States upon the war can have no
important results, are merely the high points of an of
ficial conspiracy to delude the German people.
In thee regulations we have an explanation of the
failure of the German press to print the most essential
parts of President Wilson's war and peace addresses.
In them we must find reason to believe that Mr. Lloyd
George's recent speech to the British trade unions will
appear in Germany only in mutilated form. By their
very terms, no complete public knowledge can be had in
Germany of what the president said yesterday. x
With such restrictions, the honorable world-wide und
erstanding for which we and the allies plead is not going
to be easily established. If it cannot be had by the print
ed word it must be gained in autocracy's own way by
force.
Like rats to the cheese trap; like ducks to the decoy;
like the fowl to the lure of the hunter, come the Russians
to the peace pourparlers at Brest-Litovsk to deliver
themselves, bound hand and foot, to the German junkers.
Trotxky was only stalling when he broke with the kaiser's
men. He had to save nis face at home. , Mark well the
course of the Russian peace negotiations. When the
Russians wince Trotzky will flare up and the Germans
will pretend to be mad and to yield a little without
yielding. Then they will resume. And when it is all over
Russia will drop the capital R" and place a "P before
it. thus exchanging a weak czar for a strong kaiser.
Selah!
Reiterating the assertions of a year ago, a Berlin of
ficial newspaper declares that Germany pins her sole
hope of winning a German peace to the submarine. Un
less she can stop America from sending men and muni
tions and supplies to Europe she must accept the allied
terms. And the United States navy department and
the pick and flower of American industrial captains and
engineers have been fussing and fooling for five months
over our shipbuilding program! But the word from Wash
ington is. we are going good now. and our increased ton
nage will be thrown into the scales by the time summer
comes.
They insist upon "kidding" Arizona about her rPmate.
but this state is doing very well, thank you. with all the
middle and eastern states paralyzed in the grip of a
blizzard, and even Texas, Georgia. Mississippi and Florida
have ' suffered loss of life and immense property and
business damage from terrible storms and record break
ing cold. And as for Bisbee. sheltered in the mountains
from the storm and perched high above the fierce heat
of summer, she prints no tommer or winter resort folders
nor does she indulge .4a boasting like California, she
simply feels sorry for the pilgrims of less favored climes.
COMMERCIAL CLUB
OFFICERS REPORT i
YEAR'S ACTIVITIES:
President Allen and Secretary j
Egan Make Their Annual.
Reports to the Directors.'
Much Work Accomplished
. and Contemplated.
ITU AXYAVAY TO GET PR17.ED CO. 17, IX XEIV YORK;
BOATS ICE U'AUOXS. UMOUSIXESALL CARRY IT,
r
Conpletely reviewing tie activities
of the Warren District v'ommercial
Club, during the past year, the report
of the president. C. W. Allen, is indica
tive of much work done and contem
plated. The directors of the club will
meet tihs week to caoose. officers lr
the present year. The report follows:
REPORT OF PRESIDENT
To the Members of tie Warren Dis
trict Commercial Ciub.
GtnUelen: ,
It is a gratification to me, as yout
president, la transmit to you the re
port from the secretary covering the
activities of the organization tor tee
year ending December SI. 1917. So
cous,ant and so diverse have "been the
association's activities through its va
rious committees, that it is iir.po-ibie
n the compass of an annual report to
rover more than the most important of
them. You axe to be congratulated
upon the tact that your association
stands today as one of the mut active
business organizations in the state,
and you are to be more conratuiatea
upon the splendid thrill of co-opera-uon
and devotion to tee work of your
organization shown by the member
ship at large, especially those who
have been giving so generously of
their time and ability as members of
various cofmittees of your organiza
tion. The directors have unselfishly de
voted themselves to the work of the
organization, and it is only proper 10 !
remind you that this devoted service !
and sacrifice of time is given without;
any recompense of any kind. As pres- j
ident. I take personal pleasure at this !
time in extending to all these gentle- j
men an expression of my hearty ap-
preciation of their splendid co-opera-1
tijn.
The duties which now lie before the -Club
are in some respects known, but - j
that duties and opportunities of vital '
importance will come is sure, I there- ?
fore urge upon you an increased co-op-' J
eratioa in building up a sound mem- -
bership and in participating in the
-i- v.-.- v. .--, .
! f
peas
. v v y s f
w i
1 . t w"
ST" . ' v tJ4' .
Top Barges battling harbor ire to get roil to Nr. lurk. Cotton IMmj real by sarklot to public from kw
waon (leit) and limousiue with coal on seat wiih driver going out to a Riverside drive home.
The coal shortage which has been causing so much suffering throughout the country hits New York city
ejpecsally hard. It has teen responsible for seme quer sights in the metropolis, as ftr instance the ore de
picted here, in which a wealthy woman is shiwn taking a sack of coal to her Riverside drive home on
the seat of her high-pneed foreign-made limousine. On the streets long lines may be seen at the end gates of
ice wagons buying coal in sack lot In the hart -or barces battle their way through the ice to bring coal to the
city.
State and County News Briefs
aerformancenf Si.,'hdu:ishe com! TZ f Ci ATr 4 " t" re-organization uder more ling with a churn drill. They attach
inz year niav oresent. While the ef-'-' OcCXtC ItllCo -devJaif pians sujetsed by the stat" ed a pump to tnis well and pun.ped
A Courtland. Arizona, subscriber, writing to cancel
the further coming of The Review, softens the sting of
this severance of relations in most gentle and kindly
fashion as follows: "I wish to say that I enjoyed veiy
much reading The Review and regret to give it up " II
only all the pilgrims in this vale of tears and laughter
would be thoughtful enough to always say a glad word
of greeting and a kind word of good-bye to every ether
pilgrim they meet, even for a moment along the track.
in business, in friendship and in play, how much hippier
this old worid would be.
The coldest weather for thirty years, is the word
from most cities in the middle and eastern states re
garding the last cold wave. Suffering back there has
been intense; train schedules suspended, and most bust
ness at a standstill. In this sheltered valley, unsung bj
poet or publicity agent or health resort boomer, a little
flurry of snow and a shift of a few degrees in the thermo
meter were the only indications that cold and storm rec
ords were being broken to flinders in most states of the
union.
While this section has been visited by several days
hand running of storm and cold and high w inds and snow,
not a pilgrim who dwells in the mountain valleys of this
region is making one word of complaint. The storms hirve
killed the little bugs in the air and laid the dust and
broken the monotony of the sunshine. Only the doctors
and the compounders of nostrums have any grievance
against the change from fair and warm to wet and cold.
ficient secretary has touched on lie
more important work or results ac-.
compli.-hed by the Club the past year.
I wait to speak of fcome of the things
ahead either for accomplishment or to .
be "kept actively in your thoughts ar.o
executed as time and opportunity will '
permit. .
With the rreat and constantly in
creasing demand for copper occasion
ed by the vtr, and very likely still
gTeater demand after the war for ,
years to come, we may look forward
to the greatest growth and prot-petity
that the Warren District has everr
known. We have long since passed ;
from the realms of uncertainty and
-t.ua.il of defense.
three gallons per minute without lot-
?riLg the water. There is about 12
It. t f wa-er in the well. And this be
ing the dry season assures Mr. McCall
tn abundant supply of water the year
round. Mr. Harman will next drill on
1 . f. Xc-igles place and has contract
ed for 'evera! luore wells in the
i.eU-boriixKl.
can confidently base all calculations
on the lines of permanency pertainin:
A. Lo'-ez. ai-. t wj..:.u:an a: tue;
Sacla Ri.a at Tucajii. v is accidental.-1 Cor.reman G. W. Fairchiid. dear.
sLot and kilied Frid.-.y i.ieht about l).'of the New York Consre-ssioaal de ei
o clock. lie dropped Vis revolver and 2-ion. r.o has been spenc:ng son;e
It was riischare.'d. .time in Tucson with bis son. Sjfrawn,
w ill Kae for Washington" on Surdr.y
Articles cf incorporation were filed evening to resume his concres-ionril
Saturlay in the odicc; of the state duties.
corDoraticn commission bv the follow-j The concressn en's srn. Ssern:ua vs
in new concerns- noiesaie midd t cic uu .wuui ui m uon.i. ai.u
roTt.nanv. C'arendon Saicar Com ?anv. remain in Tucson indefinitely. M:
em-iianv i stav in Tarsn a week or longer ani,-ww - .-""-t ,u
' Iwiii then join the congressman In 'or a short time this winter. Miss Bar-
v ir..Mii . ,,rhr a! Washington. , ringer being connected with the Moun-
'.": ". '". . ,.-; , ; rnrin hi iriof tr in Tn.-n Mr , an Slates Telephone company, and
Word rias been received of the mar
riage of Miss Nettie Barringer. of No-
kS'cs. to M. T. Ausley. of Bowie. Both
. Boh?.n. U. S. deputy
naishal ami 1 ai-cDild has n.ade many warm .v.
Yuaia county' Uterd and has expressed the keen-Monohan of the S P.
aniiration for the beauties of!
the ritv. h- u enthusi,!!.. v th i- t- oorn ana wue iet iwu-
.. k . k!m.. ft ryner vndersrieriM
ines. schools, and in a business and battery. Act-ordlns to the state- est
8?t-nw "?nottM Aall ,ne"f e 'ce Bridges ' v o i"ued the cfiaate as well as the hospitaHtv of1" Saturday night for San Antonio,
aim oT snch hodies as our Club to nro- CI l.ie p-ate rria-ea. wi.a ij-uea iuc - i a-. - k. vj . ,-ik. .
Continued on Pape Six
FRANCE IIOXORS
NEW YORK FLIER
ccrcplatt. he was ercaing in a wordy ihe town.
jEherclicn with Tehan about a busi :
i ness matter when the latter slarpcd( Charged witn dcpositir.g a ri' titiocs
j him.. S:r. Pehan is a son of Johnny ; check in the Central bani; and driwins
I Behan. first sheriif of Cochise county , cn h's acctunt. F. S. Mi'.lisan of Pres
in 1SS1. ' I "ott. parcled from the staae peniten-
i j tiary at Florence, is alleged to have
! A gigantic am:y biT'ane. f'.ying at broken his parole and wi'l be brought
such a hi;-;h altitude ti'at it appearel back from Kia-nu-n where he was
i to be a mere toy in the heavens, pas-'taken into custody by the Burns dtv
ised over Phoenix Saturday morning.1 tective atency, representing the Aioer
I eastward bound. So fast was it travel ; ican Tanker s association of which the
I ins that it v.as not visible to the nak- Central bank is a nemter.
; ed eve for nurc than five minutes J. H. Ko:J. jr.. of t!i vVntral bank.
from any one given point. The big- swore in a complaint acuinst Million
machine was plainly visible and it was in justice Pe S-.uua's coutt yesteiday
riewed by hundred's of sitizens. The, morning. He canred that on J.iuuaxy
;!oud exhausts of its engine could be I 4 Milligan deposited a fl'KHi check
' plainly heard, despite the great alti- signed Marshall K. S!its.n. a well
lude of the biplane. j known Ltis Angeles arohite-t. He drew
1 len the account and then went to Xee-
i John H- Ly?nan. jr.. enlaced by the dies where he gave a check on the
'former commission cf state institu-, Central bask for J21.6. it is under
j tio.ns as Miporvisin? architect of the stocd that this air.ount was retur.ied
!ork ot constructing new buildings at on threats of prtseciiti;n and that the
Texas, where Mr. Claborne will make
, erpli.-aticn to eater the aviation corps.
They will also go to Houston to visit
Mr. Claborne's brother. Leslie Fiaer.
who is in the army at that point. Mr.'
' Clrborne has disposed of his Gadsden
hotel store, having sold it to T. P.
G'eiin. who will conduct the business
in the future.
The Red Cross w hich was organized
: at San Simon a month ago with thirty
' n.emhers now has a membership of
leichty. Owing to the material for aK
I kinds of work not yet beink procure 1.
; not so much work as yet has been
d. ne. bit by the efforts of a splendid
corpa of officers, a good deal of work
' is to be commenced at once. They
have also planned for a masuerad
bonefit dance to be given at the city
hall January 19 to which everybody is
invited.
Ihe universitv of Arizona at Tucson.' Vavarai cocmy forger Inen went to v.,., , A'
nroiiauiv will cor.inuie in iui nii u. : rwntiimu
i V
The attention of all well meaning and humane peo
ple who favored the abolishment of capital punishment
in Arizona is called to the long line of wanton and mali
cious and premeditated murders committed in this state
the past year. A Judge at Tucson recently, passing upon
a particularly cold blooded murder, did not hesitate to
say that be wished for the power to pronounce a capital
sentence upon the murderers.
A large forte of girls was started
to work Saturday in the office at the
supervisors, copying the
I panes mini the school in.l noli tv
! order tl c nvw vOin-iMssn. An agree-, Mil.an L , years of age and mar- rilJ , nipts which will be
jmont to that elfect was reached acs- ; r.cd. He was romni.tt.M to the state usrj ,s , rho,.k mmag , ,ist of
terday afternoin at a mint session of ( pns. n from Pnsrott lor f,.rgery and from whil.h th(, jur,, wi hf,
'ile txnril of r-2Ciils of the university ; was eiven a one to ten voir sentence .
C". .v" . , . i. - : "'"""IK n present year, i.wing
j KI1U 111W i-umiu!.-.iu 'i ; kiiij m nivu uair .HU 0 neiessitv Of tUITli
tu ns, mis a';rceni ni in roniiueiii. . stru;cu.
jhewever. upon tlie acceptance by Mr.
! Lyman of tl:e condiiions named. The.
joint meeting w;.s heid at
i house.
the Uate
County Briefs
je
oi n A K-lis. jud-e of the superior San Simon's Ixvalty league held an- Ian saVdav of ' pn
rt ol Mohave (.maty, Saturday tn. other rally Ss'urday. - A nuniber of; slaughter came to Arir
V.. -
4-f
Since Germany has announced that she will not con
sider peace upon our terms, let us say no more about it.
but go on with our preparations for war without any
further conversation.
" 4
I
t
l
i
Joi
1 cou
dered his resicnation to Governor
Hunt. The resignation was arcepted Judge Hayes from Willcox.
laud will be effective on February Li
J No successor to Jude Kllis has vet The rase of Henry W. Ktz. George
(been decided n;- n by Governor Hunt, i-tr and Max L'!z. apptMlants. vs. S. W.
t.-U'lge Kllis resit-tis fro:n C;e Mohave Jarvis ami John McGuire ;peal.-d
county bench beta.ise of his desire to ' the slate supreme curt yesterday
; return to private practice, which he ft""1" 'he superior court of Cochise
' will do at Preseoit. lie has been jud;e county.
of the suieriir court of that county toi i
; two je:.rs and had announced that ho Mrs. G. J. Moore, for a vear a:id a
ling out the
work cn short notice in order that the
next term of court scheduled for this
month may not be delayed a Urge
force was necessary.
Artie
Slaughter, of Iragooa died
eumonia. Mr.
rizona nine years
co fiom Topeka. Kan. He made a
host of friends in and around Cochise,
who will mourn Ms loss, he leaves a
wife and tourchi!Jren, and father and
mother who have the svmpathy of the
entire community In their bereave
ment. Funeral services were conduct
ed by Rev. Robert, at the M. E. church
Sunday at Itenscn.
Henrv llollw-es. German ritiien
!ialf lessee of the Queen hotel at Dou- formerly of IoueU. now a resident of
-las. has purchased tt'at well known Mexico, is no loneer with Cote and
landu.aik from Los Anveie pan:es.! company, ass.iyers and chemists, it
Immeijiiif and effi. lent orsan'zativR and. at heavy epous is goini to was announced' vestrrdav. Walter and
mplt-tely remodel and renovate the Frank llawley are chief cwners of the
had no intention of again being a can
didate for that office.
.'tincils of defense in
rf Ihe count v
!oerv oul in Arizona under the building. inaki:i it a first rlass holel comnanv and the wersnce nf rela-
leadership of the boards of siioervis- In every rt-sjwt. In remodeling the' lions rame following the charge
i or was an ameudtt.-nt adopted at lobby alone fii) j ! he sient. iavainst H:ilevs f.ir xitemntlne to
transmil cenimur.leation Into Mexico
oi
H Paso will vote upon prohibition this month. The
presidents of the chamber of commerce and the Kotary
oiub favor the driving out of John Barleycorn.
.Edwin SI Post. Jr.
First l.t bdwin M Pon. Jr, of
the American air servu-e. baa befJ
cited for gallantry ir rrencn army
orders. His home is n TueJO Park.
K. Y. He re-':e.; -: -i.rmvit.- from
a burnirr r'-r
Phoenix by ihe executive committee
H e s'are oiincil of defence to tre r- 11. 1 M, fail has struck water on by other means than by Cni;ed States
luiion passed ai the last mee,n of j is diy rriii, h six i!iiie meet of Hen , mail. The message was intended for
the ssn-e exeintive co'-m.ittee. fonn "on. This is Mr M.-Call's second at-! tolles. They are out on $1iiM bond,
ty councils of defense already had tempt to strike water, his lirsl at- and the brothers severed connections,
'teen organized in s'ii:' of the eoun- ieu.pt resiiltins n a dry hoie. Tlie.it is sid. to make their position clear
, ti-s or the stare. b'it the reoluiion "'er was fouud at a depth or iw ft so Hiere would be no shadow of sus
( adopted by the ee nine coiiiuiittee of ;.fter drtlliu.g 1"" ft. in bU k ura.iite. pi ion on them of trading with aa
the t.i:e luuniil if defense u"- ! a J. ". lUrti. wf Co l.ie. did the i:i.'-, alien e:i-ii. . FIVE
V
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 15, 1918.
WHAT TO DO WITH
ALLIES;
s
- " cz - &
r - ' w v--'- jf s-'i -rt V-H
. - . J r:---.f--'X- i'sli
Atf 'bit -, -. ' ,i,a.',. li-i ' s.4 I I
AbTf Aostriaa prisoners taken by Italians on Asians plateau. Below.
; rigtt Germaa sailor prisoren. at play in prison camp at Fort Ic
Pherson. Ga. Left A 1rint2 Eitel Frtedrkh sailor at Fort Mcl'bersoa
, . earring oat a full-rigged schooner.
The problem of rire for prisoners of war U a big one for the allies, who still believe in humane treat
. Toey will not oo as the ta:ser ooes drive their captives to work at the slaverr tasks until ,h .
,ment.
Jcsb dag to the stern of the bo&t.
INCOME TAX EXPERT
GIVES INFORMATION
ON MANY QUESTIONS
G. N. Dernier, Deputy Collec
tor, Tells Review Readers
Some Needed Facts Regard
. ing Federal Tax Now Being
Generally Assessed.
G. X. Leimer, deputy income tax
collector and 1 oca tea in iiitoee tem
porarily, lias given me Keview tlie
loilowing tacts about his mission in
tne Warren Dismct:
Income Tax-Payers Should Study This
. The blanks are not yet in the hands
of the Deputy Coiievtor fctationed in
ISisbee.
j However, you should acquaint your
self with ibis much ot tne law, so
when tne blanks oo come, your tax
can be figured quickly asd accurately.
You iil be nuliiied in the coiutcus
of this paper when the blanks arrive.
They will be obtainable at the Com
mercial Club, Fo.t Office, backs, &nd
from your employers in moat cases.
When you Visit the collector, you
should have a btatemem with you
bearing on your income.
If a wage earner, you should have
written down the exact amount ot
wages received in 1317, and name of
employer; salaried men the same.
If you received wages from two or
more employers, the name of each
employer and exact anfuunt received
from each should be noted down.
Amount of any interest received or
credited to you for money in deposit
in banks should be shown. Also
amount of any interest received from
moneys loaned out; amount of divi
dends received from blocks; profits
from partnerships or otier businesses.
If any property of any character w as
sold at a prof::, in 1917. report amount
of such profit, al.-o cost and selling
price.
Note down rents received Trom prop
erty you own. together with amount
of fire insurance, any loss by fire or
storm, interest paid out, local taxes
and cost of such property. (Repairs
worked to death and their iar n.it ri tm rr-k Kv.
- . j , , " ij w me iiiaui'cni lur lear ax intrigues ana Plots. lie
crews from interned ve :n the Lruted State are given preat freedom at their places of internment aad
spend the time csrvme out mi.-iiatjra merrhantmpn ,vt tl. ; 2. . u
AUCTION SALE
Lowell Jewelry Shop
HIGH GRADE DIAMONDS, GOLD CAMEOS, LADIES' BRACELET
WATCHES, SOLDIERS' WRIST WATCHES, ETC
ONLY A FEW DAYS MORE
Retiring From Business
FREE Souverws at each sal& .Save your coupons for GRAND DRAWING.
Afternoon Sale 1:30
Evening Sale 7:00
PRISOXERS IS PROBLEM FOR
KAISER DOESXT LET IT WORRY GERMAXY
" v ! S TV"" - a
captives to work
cr depreciation on property are credit
ed to you depending on the cost of the
property.)
: Keport amounts donated to Red
' Cross, or any Religious, Charitable or
'. Scientific organization.
A married man should bring an ad
ditional itemized statement concern
ing his wife's income.
General rules regarding the income
tax as applying to individuals are as .
, follows: j
1. Exemption For Personal Expenses
Exemption of S!.Xmxj is aiiowed a
; single man. So if he makes anything
over tl.OoO.00. the amount in excess
cr Jl.GXU'uu is taxable.
Kxemptioa of $.0iHi.Q0 is allowed '
a nianied man, and $2tX additional
lor each dependent child under IS
years of ae. A return has to be filed
if tis income is $2,000.00 or over.
If a man is single, yet is the sole
support of a dependent relative, he .
, automatically becomes the head of a ,
family, and his exemption is I'.OuO.OO
the saiue as a married man.
Women must pay tax the same as
Single women are allowed $1,000.00 !
exemption. 1
Married women may include their
returns with their husband's, or file'
separate returns if they wish. '
All aliens residing in the United '
Stales are subject to tax the same as
citizens, provided they bave received
income from sources within the United
Slates. !
Income from estates is taxable and
the fudiciary in charge is accountable
lor the filing of the return and pay
ment of the tax.
No exemption is aiiowed for houe
rent, food stuffs, life Insurance, cloth-1
iag. schooling, doctoring or medicines,
pleasure automobiles or for any such
expenses whatsoever, or expenses on
tax payer's personal residence proper
ty, except to the amount of the per
sonal exemption of $1.0u0 or
2. Amount of Tax
A tax of 2 percent is charged on the
first $2.000.0u of the taxable amount
in excess of the exemption amount of
$1,000 or 12.000 as the case may be.
t or instance, a single man would
pay 2 percent on $2,000 of a net in
come of $3,000. or $40.
A married man would pay 2 percent
on $1.mi0 of a r.et income of $3,IK0. or
$20. additional exemption being allow
ed for dependents under IS years of
age.
La: tii e amount over the first taxable
FIXTURES FOR SALE.
Fred St. Clair, Auctioneer t
? I ."V v. - : I
at the slavery tasks until tiiey are
ntes ana plots, lie
of internment and
fastening an Amer-
amount of $2,000 is subject to a 4 per
cent tax.
Any net income in excess of $3,000
is always subject to one more special
tax known as the "surtax." and it may
be subject still further to a third tax,
known as the Excess Profits Tax.
3. To Ascertain Net Income and
Amount Subject to Tax
This is done in the case of a wage
earner, by reckoning what he has re
ceived for labor during entire year of
1917. If he basnt proper record of
wages received, be should inquire of
his employer. If he has received wag
es from more than one employer, the
amount received from and name of
each employer must be shown.
Board and room given for services
should be reported in addition to wa;
es. If he is married and his wife has an
income too. it should be added to his
own income.
Amounts received. from all other
sources are also liable to the tax.
such as rents from properties, interest
on loans, interest on bank deposits,
sale of stocks and profits from busi
ness. Dividends from stocks are not
taxed unless when added to other in
come, they bring the total net income
up over $5,000.00.
Against such amounts are credits of
certain local taxes, insurance. Interest
on borrowed money, depreciation or
repairs on rental property or any other
legitimate business expense. Depre
ciation of from 1 to 2 percent is al
lowed on a cement, stoue or steel
building. 2'l-2 percent on a brick
building. 4 percent on a frame build
ing and 10 percent on a shed or other
temporary structure.
Each partner should render a sep
arate return for his portion of net in
come from a partnership. They may
use their fiscal year, if they write the
Collector for permission and he grants
it.
Additional credits are allowable for
donations to the Red Cross, religious,
scientific or charitable organizations.
Gifts to individuals are not deduct
able by the giver.
Gifts I but not bonuses), proceeds
of life insurance policies, property ac
quired by bequest or descent, interest
on the obligations of a State. County
or City, salaries of State. County and
City officers or employees; and inter
est from 4 percent Liberty ISonds not
in excess of $5.0'0. are exempt from
the tax.
Gross income, less business expens
es, is net income.
4. Individuals should file their re
Bisbee Slogan in
Rime With Nation
in company with every other Serb
Feueraliou, io.a. in Uie enure coun
try the UUbee branch joined in con
fciatulatioas and oiierings' of patriotic
iciranxua 11 Ur&l ll n t WlllfOIl St lllP
i time ot the declaration of war on Aus
tria-Hungary by tne Initea States.
llisbee s branch of the order wires
the following to the President on the
' occasion :
His Excellency, Woodrow Wilson,
President of the United States.
Your Excellency:-
We, the undersigned officers of the
brotheroood Serb tederation "Sloga
beg to transmit to you our deep ap
preciation of your great message to
Congress of the United States, recom
mending that a state of war be declar
ed between this country and the Aus-tro-Hungarian
Empire, and we beg to
assure you that we and our members
will do our utmost to aid this, our
adopted country, loyally and enthusi
astically in the prosecution of this
war.
Many of us are former Austro-Hun-garian
subjects and some of us are.
meoretically, stili subjects of that em
pire, but we assure you that the perse
cutions to which our race 'a subject
ed in that empire bave long ago cut
every tie binding us to it. Today we
are all of us enemies of the Austro
Hungarian absolutism which rules by
oppression and by every other form of
injustice and iniquity.
We beg to subscribe ourselves.
Your obedient and loyal servants
JOHN MARKOV1CH.
President.
TJJIANOVICH.
Fin. Secretary.
turns with the deputy collector visit
ing the district, or mail them to Mr.
Lewis T. Carpenter, Collector Internal
Revenue, Phoenix. Arizona, to be re
ceived by him not later than 2-28-1$.
An extension of time of 30 days will
be granted on account of sickness or
absence from the country, provided
that due permission is asked from Mr.
Carpenter.
5. The tax must be paid by 6-15-1S.
If the amount is paid in advance, in
terest at the rate of 3 percent per an
num is credited.
6. Penalties
(a) FOR MAKING FALSE OR
roirnrivVT RRTI'RNS. Not ex-
; ceeding $2."u00 or rot exceeding one
i year's imprisonment, both, in the dis
i cretion of the court, and. la addition.
! 100 percent of the tax evaded.
I . (b) FOR FAILING TO MAKE RE
iTVRX ON TIME. Not less than $20
i nor more than $1,000. and. in addition,
i 50 percent of the amount of tax due.
i (c) FOR FAILING TO PAY TAX
WHEN DUE. Five percent of the
; amount unpaid, plus 1 percent interest
j for each full month during which it
I remains unpaid,
i C. N. DERNIER.
Deputy Collector.
Piano and Player-Piano
Tuning. Regulating and Repairing.
WORK GUARANTEED
HERBERT GRIBBLE
Phone 691
v Pure Chewir
a Stick
V
1
theB
Bisbee Dye and Cleaning
PHONE 296 WOl'kS PHONE 296
Opposite Bisbee Auto Company, Upper Main St
BIGGEST
BUSIEST
Service, Sincerity and Quality
Let Our Slogan Be Yours
.99
At the Orp heum
When a girl and a n;an engage in
an outrageous flirtation in a cafe, and
the girl drops her hand bag contain
ing her card, complications are liable
10 en-ue. but seUkim suih as those in
"The Grafters" the new Triangle play
featuring Jack Devereaux and Anna
Lehr. which will be shown at the
Orpheum theater this evening.
The girl with the soft brown eyes
proves less gentle than her appear
ance. She is one of the most accom
plished of metropolitan crooks. The
fellow is a carefree young millionaire,
whose uncle has repeatedly warned
him to look out for sharpers. After
a series of startling episodes, the boy
conies out a winner1 and so does the
weman. It is a stirring play with a
big surprise finish.
Frank Currier. Irene Leonard.
George Siegniann and Robert Crim
mins have important roles in support
of Anna Lehr and Jack Devedreaux.
Arthur Rosson directed the production
from a story by Jemes W. Adams,
under the supervision of Allan Dwan.
Billie Burke Is
Eagle Feature
From the very f';t foot of film
-The Mysterious Miss Terry" which
is rullie Burkes latest Paramount
ficture. holds the attention and Inter
est at top notch. A mysterious cab
is seea appearing out of the gloom of
a London fog. It stops before a state
ly mansion and a veiled lady 'jescencs,
T-eers cautiously around and enters
the house. ,
This Inscrutable young person per
forms all sorts cf kindly miracles -cr
the people in her boarding-house later
on in the picture but it is not until the
final breathlessly absorbing denoue
ment that her identity is discovered.
Billie Burke in "The Mysterious
Miss Terry" is appearing at the Eagle
theater on Tuesday and Wednesday.
KEEP LOORlKGlOliNG
It's Easy If You Know Dr.
Edwards' Olive Tablets
Toe secret of keeping young fa to fed
young to do this yoa must watch your
bvw aad bowels there's no need of
having a sallow cocaplexioQ dark rings
under your eyes pimples a bilious
look in your face dull eyes with do
sparkle. Your doctor will tell you ninety
per cent of all sickness comes from in
active bowels and liver. .
! Dr. Edwards, a well-known physician
! in Ohio, perfected a vegetable com
pound mixed with olive oil to act on
the fever and bowels, which be gave to
his patients for years.
: Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets, the substi
tute foe calomel, are gentle in their action
yet always effective. They bring about
that exuberance of spirit, that natural
buoyancy which should be enjoyed by
o-eryone, by toning up the liver aad clear
ing the system of impurities.
You will know Dr. Edwards' Olive Tab
lets by their olive coloc 10c and 2jc per
i box. All druggists.
A
V
a d
TV"
q .Tl
away
BEST
"The Grafters
Id
Hopes Women Will
Adopt This Habit
As Well As Men
Glass of hot water each morn
ing help us look and feel
clean) sweet, fresh.
Happy, bright, alert vigorous anu
! vivacious a good clear skin; a natur
al, rosy complexion and freedom from
illness are as.-urej only by clean,
healthy blood. If ouiy every woman
and likewise every man could realize
the wonders of the morniag inside
bath, what a gralifving change would
lake place.
Instead of the thousands of sickly,
anaemic-looking men, women and
girls with pasty or muddy complex
ions: instead of the multitudes of
"nerve wrecks." "rundowns." "brain
fags," and pessimists we should see a
virile, optimistic throng of rosy-cheeked
people every when.
An inside bath is bad by drinking,
each morning before breakfast, a
glass of real hot water with a tea
spoonful of limestone phospnate in it
to wash from the stomach, liver, kid
neys and ten yards of bowels tl.e pre
vious day's indigestible waste, sour
fermentations and poisous berure put
ting more food into the stomach.
Those subject to sick headache, bil
-1
iousness, nasty breath, rheumatism,
colds: and particularly those who have
a pallid, sailow complexion and w:o
are constipated very often, are urged
to obtain a quarter round of limestone
phosphate at the drug store which
will cost but a trifle but is sufficient
to demonstrate the quick and remark
able change in both health and appear
ance awaiting those who practice in
ternal sanitation. Adv.
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS.
ARIZONA
Biske Copper Co.
. PER SHARE
FOR SALE BY
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize in Jerome
and Oatman Stocks.
P. O. BOX 1129 PHONE 26
Bo You
Know of a Better Way
to Invest That Bonus
. Than to
Improve
Your Own
. Home?
Probably there is no other way
the Company would rather see you
invest it.
We have everything in the build
ing line that you might need and
the QUALITY is the BEST and the
PRICE is RIGHT.
DON'T LET THAT
HOUSE CONTRACT UN
TIL YOU HAVE SEEN US.
Gibson -Hines
Lumber Co.
J. F. SMITH
Phone 8S Manager
.. rf , - ...... ' f-mrf i
Bisbca Lumber Company.
" J. B. 1
ANGIUS
PURE
FOOD
GROCER
PHONE 29
Telephone 446
A Phone Call Will Bring Us.
LOS ANGELES JUNK SHOP
Highest Cash Prices Paid For
Metals. Rubber, Rags, Sacks, Bottles,
Bones. Iron. Hides. Parts, ate.
j HOROWITZ BROTHERS, Proprietors
Lowell, Arizona.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
cn that job on short notice
WaTKJNS & BERGQU1ST
. Jewelers and Opticians
The HALLMARK s I
EYE NERVE GLASSES
I fit glasses without
drugs, drops or dang
er, and guarantee sat
isfaction. Phones: Office 15S.
"Residence Clack 420.
DR. R. GLAZE. Ophthalmologist.
Upstairs, Over Woolworth's Store.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
W arehouse Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronsjs
PHONE 53
GKICHESTR S PILlS
HENESSEY
UNDERTAKING PARLORS
Robert Henessey, Prop.
Opposite Depot Ambulance
Renew Your Insurance
With
BRUCE PERLEY
Copper Queen Hotel. Bisbee, Aria.
Onr SIiop Is New
" and Sanitary
'We will appreciate your patronage
vand assure you of courteous treat
ment. SUNSET BARBER SHOP
(Wool worth Bldg., Main Street)
G Rosenbarger, Propr.
GOOD LUMBER IS AT THE
BOTTOM
of o'tr success. Uw prices may
help some, but it's the fine qual
ity of our lumber that brings
our customers back time and
aain. U pays u to sell givd
lumher. It will rT Tu bettor
to buy it. It lasts lonser and
is more satisfactory to ork up.
Try us with an order and you'll
t ome hack when you want uiore.
nc
'ib of THE
;PrM3LADDERii
k -l, L DIM
1
I - of n'ti M'.rrf; -.tc
v jy l.A'io i
AT' U
EMIL MARKS. MGR.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE Zi. SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 15, 1918.
CommBrcial Club
Officers Report i
HUXITIOXS WORKER FACES DEATH
OX T RE A SOX CHARGE IX BROOKLYN
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE.
I- m. i
NEW YORK. Jan. 14 Stocks fol-1 La Salle
lowed their ri-ceiii err-itic cdurse lo" ! M ian i
day. advancing and receding ithin 'i0hak
cirt-' inscribe area until the '-ni' Nevada
hour, when moderately heavy 0'-er!xcrth Butte .. .
ings effected extreme losses of one yip
to three po:ats. cd Tominion ..
There m-is little in developments CfCfot
cer the week end to inspire specula- j pcnj creek .. -
tive confidence, a cendition which the;QincT
sLort interest did not wholly itnore. j RaT t:on
Railroad earnings were a (rain disap- j gattU(.i
pointing and the demorsUizel traffic j )hannon
is certain to fini future reflection in superior Boston
returns for December end the current ; St jary's .. ..
month. j vtah Copper .
Wall street believes control of the Ctan Con,
transportation companies will rest Winona
with cenrress and impending legisla
tion is expected to bring that situation ; CURBS.
mere prominently into the foreground.
Baltimore and Ohio directors are
scheduled to act this week on the
deferred semi-annual dividends. The
irregular course in this
rcay serve as a precedent for other
roads whose dividends are haneinc in
the balance.
. Industrials continued to labor under
the serious disadvantages infposed by
railway congestion, coupled with short
age of labor and fuel, leaders record
ing net losses of one to two points.
Shirping and coppers, together with
tobaccos and minor specialties, for
feited early gains of two to three
points motors also reacting sharply on
news of a cut in the dividend of Wil
lys Overland. Sales 515.000 shares.
Bonds were featureless on smaller
dealings. Liberty SU's sold at 9S.5S
to 9S.50. first "s at &7.90 to 97.20 and
second 4"s at S6.60 to 96.50. Total
sales, par value. J4.275.o00. United
States bonds, old issues, unchanged on
call.
Arkansas & Arizona .
Austin
Arizona Silver King ..
connection I Pi? Ledge -
Butte & LiOnaon ... . -Calumet
fc Jerome ..
Cornelia
Con. Arizona
Con. Ccpper
Curtiss
Denn
Dundee
Emma
Federal Oil
Gadsden
G. Monster
G. Island
Hull
Kowe Sound
Hecla
Inspiration Needles ..
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Magma Corper
Magma Chief .. .. .. .
Miami Con
Magnate
rittsburgh Jerome ..
Ray Here
Santa Rita
Tom Reed
United Eastern .. ..
Verde Extension .. ..
MARKET.
14. Although mild-
White Caps .. ..
Wright Martin ..
CORN" May. 127; 127i.
OATS May. 77N: 76H
Cottcn January 31.70; 31-S7-9.
GSAIN
CHICAGO. Jan
er weather eased the corn market to
day, forecasts pointing to mere snow
per.ted any substantial decline.
Prices closed nnsettled. at . the same
as s-iuruaj 5 imisa uj to 'c lower. Ver(J . ComDm4tion
with January JITH and May $1.25 V est End
u'ns uuu- maci oi - wolverine Arizona
.c. provisions unisnea encnanged
to 13c down.
Hope that a alittle abatement of the
paralysis of railroad traffic might be
looked for bad made only a slight
dent in corn prices when official not
ice came that renewed storms already
in sight threatened further delay. The
result was to check at once any ad
ditional downturn in values. Owing
to the crippled condition of wire ser
vice, business was almost
local. Receipts here were next to
nothing.
Absence of inquiry from the sea
board intensified the weakness of
oats. Sellins was general after mid
day, much of it liquidation by longs.
Provisions sagged mainly because
upturns in the hog market were not
cf a testing sort. At first, prices at
the yards had en upward turn because
of scarcity of supplies, but su sequent
shutting down of tig packing plants
acted as more than an offset.
2
"4
5S
1V-h
14,
42
CI
17H
71
224
16
5H
3',
52
7SH
104
1
5
5-1
11
m
15
;
hi
25
JS
516
2H
1T
9-16
12
36
34
116
11-16
ii
3S
5-16 i
4
Vi
s
116
83
3S5
564
1116
6$
1H
7-16
0'ntimj-tl from Pajj Stx
NEW YORK. Jaa. 14. While prices
may seek moderately lower levels we
continue to believe that the advantage
nn Ka cAllinv cIHa Will K lSIAfivPlV
entirely . lv"
MUttU SOU in It ri aC buuuiu la&tru
of the downturns to make purchases
of hisher types of securities.
LOGAN BRTAN.
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 14. Lead firm,
spot 6.S74; spelter quiet, spot East
St. Louis delivery. 7.25 to S.M). liar
silver 90
COTTON MARKET.
-Nfc. i OKK. Jan. V. Cotton clos-
- , : j "- 4 .. . .
l i. :-' - v 4-
&.'. M - - ' :' -I'-' " t. . )' -
f !;?;- v. .. - - .--ii V
;.!';!;. . ' ,a c . .'Vol
OATMAN
(By Collins & Bretherton)
Argo 3
Adams "2
Arizona Rex
Arizona -. .02
Gold Ore .34
Gold Jteed
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 02
Sunnyside 02
Telluride 07 .
United Northern 06
United Western .02
Red Lion ..
mote ;his gront.i alum; solid and per- '
niaLent lines.
The million dollars soon to be put i
in making permanent rouds in u.is
county, we should, consider only as a j
beginning.
Sidewalks, auto parking grounds I
and parks, wherever possible, should '
be encouraged. Needless to say. the I
Club stands ready to lend its support j
to mose in cnarse oi cur scnoois anu
school work, in keeping pace with the
demands along permanent, efficient
educational lines surpassed by none
in the state.
An appropriation of $25,000 has been
made by Congress for a site for a fed
eral building. While It is not expect
ed that Congress will approve any
appropriations for building purposes
anywhere during the period of the
war. the fact should not be lost sight
of by the Club that the biggest and
wealthiest and best city of the state
is without a federal building to house
the federal activities of the state, as
you know outside of the post office
our Club seems to be doing its share
of the federal housings.
With the many new roads, sidewalks
and trails, put in and opened up in
Bisbee in the last few years, it should
not be a difficult task to overcome any
difficulties in the way of the great
need for a free delivery system which
would lessen the energy of 25.000 peo
ple in going to the post office, and re
sorting to antiquated methods of long
ago. In fact, the great Warren Dis
trict has always been the "goat" as far
as any kind of appropriations are con
cerned, while she is paying on millions
of dollars worth of state and federal
property scattered all over our good
old state. Gentlemen, please do not
overlook these facts. x
However, much as these things in
terest us. let us all bear in mind our
first duty is to our country in this war
crisis, and it is up to us not only to
do our bit but our best, and all we
can of that, in our modest and bumble
way to assist our great leader. Presi
dent Wilson, to win the world for De
mocracy. Assuring you that I appreciate very
keenly the honor of having been your
president the past year, and knowing
you as I do. the Club is assured of
success in the future, 1 am.
Very truly yours"
C. W. ALLEN.
REPORT OF SECRETARY
December 31. 1917.
Mr. C W. Allen. President,
Warren District Commercial Club.
Dear Sir:
As Secretary of the Warren District
Commercial' Clnh T tabs nlminMi in
submitting the following report con-l The officers of the association elect-: In concluding the report for the
cerniag the activities and develop- M ?eo-ls lsl1' na lnerelorB serving past year permit me u commena mga-
inr hj uuring neari; iu oi me cr uuutrr ic-, it ia unseiusa ronuiouuun oi unie
I and effort on tbe part of the members
Allen: of the association which has made the
- Over- Pst attainments possible and prom-
. 4T?
4
t-.iljs. A; ' A
Paul Henig (marked with cross) snapped in the federal court ia Brooklyn.
Paul Henijj. a naturalized German and the trusted foreman of the
E. W. Bliss torpedo works, New York, was recently photographed in the
federal court of Brooklyn, N. Yn where he was araigned on a charge of
treason. Hcnip is accused of maliciously mutilating the delicate part of
the gyroscopic steering mechanism of the torpedoes made for the American
navy so that they would either be rendered useless or would so swerve from
their course as to return and strike the ship from which they were discharged.
scription drive, aiding in mobilizing tion Are
and entertaining of drafted boys, aid- exptnises incident to the association's
ing- government in having draft ques- many activities have either come with
tionnaires filled out and returned, and in its revenue or have been generously
taking an active part in recent million taet by special subscriptions from the
dollar road boud issue election. . members.
Officers and Directors ! Conclusion
ment of the association during the , durln
year ending December 31. 1917.
view were as follows:
.06
.25
6j
.05
-15 1
.03
.10
.08
.25
The volume and diversitv of wort of President. Mr. Charles .
the association throueh its commit-! Vice-President, Mr. Lemuel J
"'"" "1 i-P". .ou. OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 1.87
(Green Monster 56
edeady at a net advance of 10 to i "
I Venture Hill
NEW YORK. f1"8 Jem? -?J
Closing i I Jerome Aerde 69
s . vuuarj i, ISIO.;
(By L J. Overlock.)
Anaconda
Atueri'-an Can
American Car
American Locomotive
Americsn Smeiter
American Sngar
Baldwin "'
Beth B
C. t O !
C. F. I
Canadian Pacific
.Central leatber
Crucible
Distillers
Erie
Goodrich
General Motors ..
Industrial Alcohol
Lackawanna .. ..
Maxwell
Marine
Marine Pfd. .. .."
Midvale
" Mexican Petroleum
New York Central
Northern Pacific .
Heading
Rubber
4
fel
35H
68 V
54
78
99
57'4
Si
137i,
62
5
35 U
14i
39
110
113?,
24-,
21,
S9Nt
45
S24
6S4
S354
71
514
;Ark-Arizcna 05
Jerome Portland
Inspiration-Needles 06
fHulI Copper 36
Magma Chief 31
tees and the extent of its services per
formed have increased to such an ex
tant that space in an annual report
does not permit reference to more
than the general character and scope
of these activities and services.
Principal Achievements
Perhaps the most important achieve-
lock: Treasurer. Mr. E. C Beddow. ises evea greater things for the organ-
Mr. E. C. Campbell: Secretary. Mr. ization in the immediate future. If
Win. Delbridge, Mr. Thos, A. Egan. ever there is a time w hen cooperative
During the year one vacancy occurr- effort through such an association as
ed in the Board of Directors, due to . this is required it is uuder such unpre-
the answering of the call of his coun
try by Mr E. W. Beddow.
Committees
ments of the organization during the The interest in and devotion to com-
norirul M. ... .w: . '!.. 1. .1 . ,k
111 1 1 ltr uu uio (Mil ui Liivr uirui-
bers of the ten permanent, and a vary
ing number of special committees of
the association have been more in-
Wolverine-Arizona . .
Miami Mother Lode .
Verde Combination ..
Miami Consolidated
Arii Bisbee Copper ..
Butte Arizona ....
Jerome Daisy
Nacozari Con. .. ..
, I erae Apex
..L55
." .69
.. .04
." .02
.1.12
100
.62
.15
.62
.10
. -62
.75
JO
.32
1?
.40 j
.4
1.73
.50
.8
.10
0
0
.42
.13
1.25
period covered by this renort are as
follows:
Securing of the paving or Subway.
Securing nf tmnna nAiislaa ,n1
" - . - . awumo a t) 14 1 1
Naco for protection of District. tense during the year under consider-
Assistmg in having State Corpora- i ation than in any previous year of the
tion Commission order sleeping car I organization's existence. i
service from Douglas to Phoenix. I Financial Status I
Cooperation given to government I The only source of revenue of the '
for control or food. association is from niefbership dues. CIT 1 If ITII H I IT nf" 1 0
Assuring and aiding in two Liberty and it is gratify ing to report tSt at rfl I 1 1 hULI I lAIi
and membership drive, Y. M. C. A. sub ' 31. 1917. the finances of the asspcia-
cedented business conditions as have 1
been produced as a result of the war. I
It affords me personal pleasure and ;
gratification to commend the spirit of
cooperation and assistance rendered
by the Board of Directors in their un
tiring efforts in prosecuting the asso-
ciation's constructive work for the
community
Respectfullv submitted.
THOS. A. EGAN. j
Secretary. 1
Republic Steel 74'
Studebaker 4-tI
Steel
Steel Pfd
St. Paul
Southern Pacific
Sinclair
Texas Oil .. ."
Union Pacific ..
"cr. & m
90 4
10S
434
80
S0s
138
no-.
44
Westinaiicuse 39i
BOSTON.
Adventure
Allcuez
Arizona Commercial .
Alaska ..
THIS WOMAN
SAVED FROM
AN OPERATION
By taking LydiaE.PinkhamTs
Vegetable Compound, One
of Thousand of Such Cases.
14
50
1
American Zinc 13
Butte ,i
c a ;; ;; ;; ;; 4
- & H 440
Copper Range 44
Chino - lis-
Chile ,i
E. Butte jr
Granby -4
Goldfield .. .. .. ..". .. ...". 41)
Hancock ... "11
1 j: B
Indiana
Inspiration
Kew.wnaw
9
44
1
Black River Falls, Wis. "As Lydia
E. Pinkbam'a Vegetable Compound
saved me Irom an
operation. I cannot
say enough in praise
of it. 1 suffered from
organic troubles and
my side hurt me so
I could hardly be up
from my bed, and 1
was unable to do my
housework. I had
the best doctors in
Eau Claire and they
waLted me to hr.ve
an operation, but
Lvdia E. Pinkbam'a
Vegetable Compound cured me so I did
not n?ed the operation, and I am telling
all mv friends about it" Mrs. A. W.
B Inzer, Black River Falls, Wis.
It is just such experiences as that of
Mrs. Binzer that has made this famous
root and herb remedy a household word
from ocean to ocean. Any woman who
suffers from inflammation, cicerajon.
displacements, backache, nervousness,
i irreeularities or "the blue" should
Kennecoft ,1. I Dot rest until she has pven it a trial,
rwennetott 51,71 : , , . -rritm I K.
ae . . cu m.i.v if 1. T ...... it.a
CHILE AX BEAUTY LEADS IX RELIEF
WORK FOR TOMMIES OF EXGLAXD
yrk a!Z '-'
V?'
OF INDIGESTION OS
SOUR, ACID STOMACH
Instant relief! "Pape's Diapep
sln" ends your stomach
distress. Try it!
Wonder what upset your stomach !
whirh portion of the food did the dam-1
age do you? Well, don't bother. If
your stomach is in a revolt: if sick.
gassy and upset, and what you just ,
ate has fermented and turned sour:
head dizzy and aches; belch gases and
acids and eructate undigested food: i
breath foul, tongue coated just take
a little Pape's Diapepsin to help neu
tralize acidity and in five minutes you
wonder what became tf the indiges-;
tion and distress.
Millions of men and women today
know that it is needless to have dys-
I pepsia. A little Diapepsin occasion
ally keeps the stomach sweetened and
they eat their favorite foods without
I fear.
j If youh sttmiach doesnt take care
of your liberal limit without rebellion:
I if your food is a damase Instead of
I a help, remember the quickest, surest,
i most harmless relief is Pape's Diapep-
! sin. which costs only fifty cents for a '.
large case at drug stores. It's truly 1
! wonderful it stops fermentation and
i acidity and sets things straight, so
j gently and easily that it is really as
tonishing. Adv.
Countess of Lisburne.
Notable amon the British peeresses who are working for comfort and
relief of the men at war is the Countess of Lisburne. who before her mar
r(re was Repna Bittencourt. She is the daufrhter , Don Julio de Bittern
court, attache to the Chilean legation, and wed the Earl of Lishunwkia toil'
We are the exclusive agents in
Bisbee for the famous ROYAL
TAILORED SUITS.
JOE DICKSTEIN
Men's Furnishers and Clothiers
MAIN STREET
(Next to Bisbee Review)
Do You Want a Ford?
Do you know that HOOD & BLED
SOE have received no FORDS
this year? Do you know that they do not ex
pect another shipment this month? These are
war days; the days of strenuous supervision;
and automobiles are on the retrenchment list.
Ve cannot promise prompt deliveries be
yond January.
HOOD & BLEDSOE
Phone 171, Douglas
Phone 6S6, Bisbee
You've Been Earning
For Years?
Has it cost you every dollar of it to live?
These are pertinent questions, but the man who
answers them honestly to himself will feel the time
has come to start a Savings Account with this bank,
save for the future and get 4 per cent Interest."
Think it Over!
' CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona
ft
dlvice to
v Teach your children the value of money
by encouraging them to save systemati
cally. Open accounts for them in this Strong
Bank starting them on the saving road '
which will mean so much to them in
Lter life.
( Bank with us.
SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES FOR RENT
The Government Requires MoreSulplmr
The WARREN SULPHUR AND OIL COMPANY Is testing out 100
acres, which they recently purchased. They have both OIL and SUL
THl'R developed in one nell. For the purpose of developing and
equipping on a larger scale, they will continue selling the shares at
15 cents for a short time only.
FOR FULL PARTICULARS. SEE
F. BRIGGS & CO.
E. B. Mason Bldg., Phone 701.
Lowell, P. O. Box 3007
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Co Boston, Ouluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL.
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40 ;
$ 1 0 by the week.
Henry Poppea Manager.
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Painting. Paper Hanging, Tinting and
Signs. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y. V. C A.
P. O. Box 1531 Phone 739 i
(
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 15, 1918.
SEVEN
i
!
V'
y
v.
s
Review Want Ads
Advertisements under this Head at the rate of 1 cent per word tor eact
lerae, with a nnmnm charge of 25 cents. Advertisements mast reach Th
Review office not later than 8 p. m. tor insertion in the next morning paper
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Maid for
work and cooking.
general tause
Phone OS.!. 1"-0
WANTED Young man with some ex
perience as bookkeeper. Qne who
has experience as stenographer pre-;
f erred. Address H. A, care Review, j
3161
I
For Sale.
FOR SALE Six room bouse In War
ren, all conveniences, one block
from car line. Price $3,000. Box
695 Warren. 370
FOR SALE OR TRADE $700 worth
of new furniture, would consider
second hand car as part payment. i
Phone Green 529.
O. Box 1134
Bisbee.
37
FOR SALE: Ford roadster almost
new. Myers. Danbury A Hinton Co.
O. K Street. 39
FOR SALE OR TRADE 6 room bun
galow in Pasadena. Calif, for prop
erty in Warren, value $3000. E. C.J
Byrns, Warren Post Office. 394
FOR SALE Five room modern fur
nished house. Call E. C. Byrns, War
ren Post Office. 393
FOR SALE CHEAP Lumber froja
old house. Phone Red 46S. 345
FOR SALE To Ford touring cars.
See Shideler on the jitney service,
or Mr. Jones at Hood A iileisoe t,
Johnson Addition. 344
FOR SALE Four rooms of new tnr-
nitnre suitable for two families. Gas j
and coal ringe, hot water reservoir, ;
bath and toilet, one block of car line j
Warren. A bargain. Tenus if de-;
sired. Phone Green 529. P. O. Box
1134 Bisbee. Ariz. 343 ;
i
FOR SALE Maxwell 25 tonnni? cr.j
1917 model, run 4trt0 miles, excellent !
condition. Fhcne Red 527. 312 :
FOR SALE Thoroughbred Airedale1
pups, 64 Roberts Ave, or P. O. Box
222. IX .
FOR SALE One 1917 Dodge 67 Up-!
per Lowell, Rudroff. 33 j;
FOR SALE 775 shares New Comia
Exploration. If interested write E. '
C. H, care Review. (
FOR SALE OR FOR RENT Lone
Star Grocery, Tombstone Can on.
-.. - - - ' 34" '
FOR SALE At sacrifice, acconnt sick-:
ness, the Home Industry Furniture ;
store rooming cense. Inquire,
Htme Industry Furniture Store, 1
Lowell. , . '73
FOR SALE Ford speedster in No. 1
condition, cheap. City Blacksmith
Shop, Naco Road. 247
FOR SALE On terms, 3 room house,
chicken pen. rent $12.00. Inquire
City HalL Judge Frank Thomas.
(136)
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Furnished rooms, 11
Johnson Addition. r.t7
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping in modern house
at Mrs. F. Webster's, Tombstone
Canyon, opposite fire house. 371
FOR RENT Two room partly furnish
ed apartment. Inquire 64 Roberts
Ave, Mason HilL
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished for
light housekeeping; no children, 8
Montana St, Johnson Addition. 232
FOR RENT Warm, comfortable fur
nished room for single man in cen
tral location in Warren, convenienc
es for batching. Phone 3S3. 231
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and np. 377
Wanted
WANTED To buy large refrigerator
or ice box. Box 1397. Zii
Money To Loan.
$50,000 TO LOAN an improved city'
property or for building, m easy
terms of payment- T. A Hughe,
over Bank of Bisbee. 2-;5
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Lona Co. Room
2. Lyric Theatre building. 166
PETEY DINK Some Sense
OMCtE PET:
DOM T fOO CET
Luie That mawj'
SKATIU6 ?
For Kent
FOR KENT 3 room apartment com
pletely furnished for li?ut houe
keeping. Very desirable. Allen
Block. Inquire of M. C. High. SC8
FOR RENT Four room house, top oi
Second St, in South Bisbee. Inquire
next door, at Pilkington's S97
FOR RENT I room furnished house
in Quarry Canyon. 395
FOR RENT Nicely furnished bouse
with garage, in Warren. Lawn anc
trees, etc. Inquire M. Moore. Phone
437. 80t
LOST
LODST-f"i.e PPPie, answer i-ame ol
Bob, in arren. Return to Marr.
Haveland St, Warren. Reward. 341
Miscellaneous
PARTY THAT GOT pearl and dia
mond brooch from McWhorter'
candy store night of Dec 22 has
been Identified. If brooch , is re
turned to Review office no ques
tions asked. 329.
Room and board $40 per month, cen
trally located. Colorado House.
! Phone Black 764 Jiggerville. 250
i If yon intend to build or alterate your
I home it will pay you to communi
cate with G. C. Hendricks, genera!
j contractor and builder. Box 3S23.
t 215
j PROFESSIONAL MHOS
I (MRS. J. W.) CLARA LONGAKER
I MORLEY, teacher of piano, student
i of the Northwestern Conservatory
! of Music. 105 Mason Hill, Phone
j Green 702. 315
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
; Department of the Interior. V. S
i Lend Office at Phoenix, Arizona
' December 29. 1917.
' Notice is hereby given that Charles
. N. Thomas of Bisbee. Arizona, who on
August 8. 1917. made Home-tea J En
try No. C28M5 for N. 1-2. XL 1-4. Se
21. W. 1-2 XW. 1-4. SE. 1-4 NW. 1-:
NE. 1-4. SW. 1-4. NW. 1-4 SE 1-4. Sec
tion 22. Township 22 S-. Range 23 E.
G. A S. R. B. and Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make three yeai
proof to establish claim to the lane"
above described, before Jared D. Tay
lor. U. S. Commissioner, at SLsbee
Arizona, on the 4th day of February
1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William F. Munch, Edward E
Thomas George W. Keahey. Georg
F. Cobbe, all of Bisbee, Arizona.
JOHN L. IRV-V.
liegis'.er.
First publication, Jan. 3, 1918. 121
Last publication Feb. 4. 1918.
RESTORATION TO ENTRY Of
LANDS IN NATIONAL. FOREST
Notice is hereby given that the I&n-l;
described below, embracing approx. If
acres, within the Corona lo Natirma:
Forest. Arizona, will b sebje?- to tet
tlement under th provisions of tht
homestead laws rr the United State;
and the act of June H. 19t" ( ;4 Stat.
23). at the United States land office
at Phoenix. Arizona, on February 15
1918. Any settler who was artuall
and in good faith claiming any of said
lands for agricultural purposes prioi
to January 1. 1906. and has not aban
doned same has a preference right t
make a homestead entry for the land;
actually occupied. Said lands wcrv
listed upon the applications cf the per
sons mentioned below, who have .
preference right subject to the priui
richt of any such settler, provide
such settler or applicant is qualified
to make homestead entry and the pref
erence right is exercised prior to Fob
ruary 16. 1918. on which date tit
lands will be subject to settlement's:'"
entry by any qualified person. .
tract of 160 acres described as the SV.
NEi. N SE', Sec. 17. T. 24 S, R
21 E, G. A S. R. M, except such por
tion thereof (Approx. 145 acres) here
tofore restored under original Lis"
3-2973. the net area hereby restorec
being approximately 15 acres, applica
tion of Cornelius N. Driseoll. Bisbee, A:
zona. Amended List 3-2973. Any por
tion of the said original List not in
eluded in the amended list 3-2973. wit
revert to the National Fores', rubjtct
to any valid pending claim,
November 30, 1917.
C. M. BRUCE.
Assistant Commissioner of the Gener
al Land Office.
REVIEW rfANT ADS
BRING PESULTS
to 'Em, at That
TTiUIT iV I
- Foe
vVi! I
'J
yr - il (
Si! -
; li 1 I :- n
Xn l- Cc:-.c.:v.-.v-5 ,j
i s V7 ,' S TT -!
-- I' 1 V J - T 1
FEDERAL VISITORS
FIND SAFETY WORK
UP TO THESTANDARD
Bureau of Mines Car Visits
Bisbee and Confines Work
to Giving Examinations for
Federal Certificates,
Paying the Warren District coppei
producing companies the compliment
of having so thoroughly and well or
ganized and directed the First Ai!
and Rescue departments in the mines
as not to leave room for the conduct
of Federal department classes here,
those in charse of the Department oi
the Interior Bureau of Mines Car No.
2 announced last evening that they
would confine their time while in the
district to the conduct of examinations
for those mho desired such Federal
certificates. However, should there
be those from the smaller developing
Dr producing properties in and about
t!-e Warren District who desire first
& and rescue instructions, they will
find both welcome and sen ice upon
calling at the car, which is at the E
P. S. W. depot and open to callers.
C. A. Herbert, engineer in charge ol
the car. was obliged yesterday to seek
the Copper Queen Hotel, where he is
confined to his room recovering from
a severe cold, which was attended bv
threat of pneumonia. Dr. Oscar Will
iams, physician with the car. said last
night that Mr. Herbert was better and
that he hoped he would be able to be
about as usual within a few days. J
S. Cunningham. In charge of the ap
5a rat us work, and R. E Birchard. see
retary. are also with the car. t They
expect to be here the remainder of the
week and will devote a part of their
time to visiting the underground work
ings of the district. Wallace McKee
"ian. Copper Queen Safety Inspector
has attended the visitors aboard their
ar and will show them through the
fines, where their chief interest wil
e in the extensive preparednss that
as bwn brousht about against thf
happening of many undesirable thing?
which are possible cnderground.
The Mines Bureau car came here di--ect
from Ajo. where conditions were
"and about which the visitors are en
tusiastic They consider the Cornelia
-tlant. townsite and entire system to
if ford a model and comment upon the
cj-mp as one of the very foremost in
"he country in point of desirability of
equipment and general conduct. From
Bisbee the car will probably go to Los
Angeles for repairs which are needed,
-eturning to Arizona in February and
making its first return call at Globe
!ts territory covers Arizona. New Mex
ico and Colorado and on the present
rip endeavor is being made to cover
ill of Arizona, Twin Buttes and Pata
zonia calls, however, have been can
eled because of their distance rote
"he main lines of railroads and the
xmparative'.y small number of mer
'ccated in the camps.
r
miiL mini ULru;nuiiL
Rub Musterole on Forehead
and Temples
A headache remedy without the dan
;rs of "headache medicine. Relieve?
Ladache and that miserable feeling fror.
:old$ or congestion. And it acts at once
.lusterole is dean, white ointment
node' with oil of mustard. Better than r
rustard plaster and does not blister
Jicd only externally, and in no way car
t affect stomach and heart, as some in
xraal medicines do.
Evrt for sore throat, bronchitis
rroirp. stiff neck, asthma, neuralgia, con
-3Stion, pleurisy, rheumatism, lumbago
IX pains and aches of the back or joints
- enr fnurl. bruises, chilblains
Posted feet, colds of the chest (it often
srevents pneumonia).
" 30c and 63c jars; hospital z& $253
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor & Builder
Estimates furnished on all classes
of Buildings.
SEE ME LAST
Phone Green 782.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS.
iD"-
ENTERTAINER FOR
LOCAL CLUB BOOKED
Twentieth Century Club An-i
nounces Appearance o f
Miss Hutchinson Next!
Tuesday. I
The Twentieth Century Club an
noences the coming of Miss U c".
Hutchinson, reader and elocutionist
par excellence. fo.r an entertainment
n the gmnasium of the V M. C. A.
on the afternoon and nilil of January
J2. She conies wiih splendid recom
mendations, and is therefore sure to
give a few hours of great pleasure to
all lovers of amusing storiew and great
literature. In the afternoon she will
render "Rebecca of Sunuybrook
Farm." the children's classic, by Kate
Douglas Wiggin. At night she will
Kive "The Passing of the Third Floor
Back." one of those Inimitable and
amusing and instructive philosophies
from the pen of Jerome K. Jerome.
Tickets are now on sale
POISONS
Poisons retained in the body cause
rheumatism, scrofula, -catarrh, uiala-
!aria, fevers, jaundice, constipation.
stomach troubles, appeta-Mcitis. pim
ples on the face, mucous patches.
jores, ulcers and scaly skin diseases.
Number 40 for the Biood drives
sapping psoison from the oooy ana
:ures blood fjison in its worst forms
.ut up by J. C. Mendechr.1T. 40 years
i druggist EAansxille. lr.d.
Sold exclusively In Bisbee at Cen'.ral
Pharmacy, opposite Orpheum, in Lo
vell by Lowell Drug Co.. Warren Drug
?o Warren. In Dou&las by Owl Drug
Co. .- Adv.
B- !, it liiorwich rfistrbutoa
with iIm rmr tnMtc tm tk I IW
MiilM KBd tomrr H-llinc mtucval
poocs mmm pawibt 1 0
Eckman's
Alterative
FOR THROAT AND LUNGS
Stubborn raicha rlda
R6 JtMH. Nwcotis lie Habitamiac Deaf
s S2 Sis 51 Sis
Now SI. 50 Now 80 Cts.
Krkman Ijibomtorr. phiUdplDhim.
Lczzl No'accs.
NOTICE FOR FUSLJCATION
Department of the Interior.
U. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.
rizor.a. Dec. 15. 1S17.
NOTIC?: is hereby given that Joseph
? ton is. of Here?rd. wUo, on OcL 16.
1913. trade Homestead Entry No.
235."7 for W 1-2 SW 1-4. nd S 1-2 NW.
t-. Sec. 33: T. 23 R 2i E ana on
Jet. 23. 1915. n.ada additional home
stead entn-. No. 2SSrfi. for N. 1-2. and
V. 12 NE 1-4. S-Ktion 33, Township
:3 S, Range 21 E.. G. & S. R. B. and
'.ieridian. has filed notice of intention
o make three year Proof, to establish
V.aini to the land at-ve described, be
fore Jared D. Tayior. V. S. Coaimis
ur.ner. at Bisbee. Arizona, on the 22nd
lay of January. 191 S.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Joseph Zaleski. Dayton L. Graham.
t both cf Hereford. Arizona: Lewis
T. Wolfe. Fen Mbrcran. both of Garces.
Vr'ona.
J. L. IRVIN Register
Mv. S35
rl.t P-.ibi:ot:on. Dec. 20. 1317.
Last Publication. January 22. 191S.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
C. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.
Arizona. Dec. 13. 1917.- "
NOTICE is hereby given that, as
directed by the Comm:s.sf.ner of the
General Land office, under provisions
if Sec. 2455. R. S.. pursuant to the ap
.lii ation of Ella C. I-"indly. Serial No.
P23777, we will offer at public saie.
:o the hirtest bidder, but at not less
than $2.59 per acre, at 10:00 o'clock
A. M, on the 29rh day of January.
191S. next, at this office, the following,
tract of land: NE 1-4 SE Sec. 17. T.
23 Sn R. 21 E G.. and S. R. M.
This tract is ordered into the market
on a showing that the grenter portion
: mountainous or too rough for cultiv
ation. I The sale win not be kept open, but
will b? declared closed when those
present at the hour named have cens
ed tilling. The person ma sing tne
hi?hst bid wll be reuuired r. i:n
raedia:e!y pay to the Receiver the
amount thereof.
Any persons claiming adversely the
atcve-described land are advised to
file their claims, or objections, on or
I
" 3ai v
r
before the time designated for sale.
JOHN L. 1RV1N. Register.
JOHN J. r.lRPNO. Receiver.
Adv. 956
First rihlioatioa. Dec. :0. 1917.
Last Publication, January 19. 131S. -
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department ol the Interior. '
1'. S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix. '
Arizona. Dec. 13. 1S1T. ,
NOTICE 1s hereby given that
Charles R. llannon. of Hiibee. Arizona,
who. on May IS. 1!1T. made Home-'
;-;e:id Entry No. Ol'MM. fbr !SE H.
Section 27. Township 22 S. Range 23 j
K... G. - S. R. Meridian, has filed not ',
Proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before Jared D. '
Taylor. I". S. Commissioner, at Bisbee.
Anions, on the 23rd day of January, I
191S. I
Claimant names as witnesses: I
John A. Wallace. Pe er B C-ane. i
Reuben IVtter. Mack C leveland, all of
Bisbee, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN. Register
Adv. 937
First Publication. Dec. 20, 1917.
Last Publication. January 23, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of xne interior.
C. S. LAND OFFICE at ThoenU.
lT-ivrma ruw 1 Til? I
NOTICE is hercbv given that Julius i
E. Huase. Xt Hereford, Ariiona. who.;
cn March 4. 1914. made Homestead
Entrv No. 024529 for SE 1-4 Set 19. T.
23 R. 22 EL, and on March 1. 1915.
made Additional Homestead . Entry.
No. 02681.. for Lot 3 and E i 2 and E
1-2 SW 1-4, Section 19. Township 23
S., Range E. G. & S. R. B. and Meri
dian, has filed notice of intention tc
-laim to the land 'ahtjve described, be-i
lore jareu u. lauur, o. muimij-i
;ioner. at Eisbee. Arizona, on the 23rd !
Jay of January, 191S.
I Claimant names as witnesses:
H;rn.an Haase. Samuel C Giles.
Leslie V;lcox. Frank C. Cobbe, all of
, Hereford. Ariiona.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
Adv. 935
Kirst Tublieation. Eec. 20. 1917.
Last Publication. January 23. 1915.
-NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
l S. LAND OFFICE at Phoenix.
Ariz na. Dec. 19. 1917.
NOTICE is hereby given that Caleb
A. Newman, of Hereford. Arizona. v ho
on Feb. 11, 1911. made Homestead Eu
try No. U13C06 Kr SE'- See. nr.. T. 2:
S . R. 2i E.; and on Sept. 2. 1915 ma le
Additional lioiuestead Entry. No.
02820S, fcr SE'.SW',. Section -5.
Township ., Range 20E-. 1. i S. R.
B. & Merid'an. Tas filed notii-e of in
tention to make f he-year Troof. to es
tablish claim to the land abote de
scribed, before Jared D. Ta!or. !. S.
Commissioner, at Kisbee. Ariiona, on I
me l-m uay oi rtoruarj, isi.
Claimant names as witnesses: Roy
I
!
lH; SSI HIXSIE BLUM. Phone Black S3L
F ASn d'n)A GLAZE, Phone Black 420.
taf a r rt r si 11 1 svi i svi - r i e n i
A. Newman, James
P. Steele. John
. Uarccs, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First publication January 12. 1918.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
S. PATENT.
FOR U
Mineral Survey Nc S37.
Serial No. C3JCI5.
United States Land OSire, Phoenix
October 31. 1917.
Notice Is hereby given that R. A
. Bretberton and C. M. HenkeL co-own
,ers, w hose postoSice address is Bisbee
-Arizona, have made application fo -
patent for the following named lod
mir.ing'clairns. situated in ibe Warrer
Minir District, Cochise county, Arizo
na. in Sections 13 and 14. Tcwnship 23
; S. Range 24-E. ,ar.p;roved. G. & S. R
B. M.. described as follows, to-wit :
"ROCKLAND- J'eginnins at Co:Tie:
. No 1. the S. E. corner, whence th
, Wl-4 cor. sec. IS T. 23 S. R. 23 E, G.
S. R. IV i. M. hears S.7SC 58' E. 3233.t
feet; thence N. 82 34' W, 115S.70 feel
rto corner No. 2: thence N. 78 W W-
; 347.50 feet to corner No. Si tner.ee N
'2 14' W. 574 feet to comer No. 4;
thenco S. 83 34' E. 1.500 feet tc cor
'ner No. 5: thence S. 2 o4' E. fC6 feei .
. o corner No. 1. the pl?ce of beginning '
j containing a net area of IS ti.-.S acres. -:
expressly excluding an a la conflict
; with Survey No. 3158, Kolla lode ol
1.S5.S acres.
"BLACK BEN." Beglmir.? at cor
ner No 1 the S. E. corner, whence the
Wl-4 cor. of Sec. 18. T. 23-S. R. 2E. G
& S. R. B. & M. bears S. 80 03' E.
4737 feet: thence N. 7S 20' W. 1150.
50 feet to comer No. 2; thence N. 65'
23' W. 377. SO feet tn corner No. 3:
ther.ee N. 2 04' W. 530.40 feet to cor
ner No. 4; thei;ce S. 7S 20' E. 1500
feet to corner No. 5: thence S. 2 04'
E. 617.60 feeto corner No. 1. the plac?
of beginning, containing a net area o'
2H.112 acres, expressly excluding area
- --i . w -
Lodge
BISBEE LODGE. NO. 71 a
T Frid "At. HaiL
ioitug brothers cordl-J lnvtled.
V. K. 'iU.SKiN. Dictator.
KAY KOSd. Secretary. .
:
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OR AMERICA.
DREADNOUGHT.
L. O. L NO. 210.
MONDAY
at 7:30 p. n
Visiting broth
era cordlall
Invited to at
tend.
u'- M-r-t-MAZS. w. m.
ROBERT FEKGCS, Se"xtr
P. O. Box 4:4. Bisbee.
WEEK ENDING JAN. 19. 191S.
Monday
Tuesday
Vednesday
Thursday
Friday Second Degree
Saturday
...
GIDLEY. W. P.
C. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. fc A. M.
W. TOLAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENrORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHQOt
H lllsbee Lodce N
meets the li"
and 3rd Monday
of each mouth
7:30 at Medhrr
vich 1UU. Vuf
BuroiU-r oaii.:! Invited.
HIL DAY'S. ITfsident
M-HS. C. E. F1NOTTI. Tn-aurr
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
KATHEKiNE SALHOLM, Secretary
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily, Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and 1th Thursdays of each month at
nontli at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
i i.-:.
,ai .l"'d:
i CHAPTER AMERICAN RED CROSS
Executive committee meets second
and fourth Wednesday of each month
j at Y. M. C. A. All members urged to
I aieet and confer with committee after
tacu regular meeung.
j r cot-lUcl witb Suiubiue loC o: Uut
! urvnj of o.20s acres. '
"SUNSHINE". Beginning at comei
No. 1. the S. E. corner, whence the
; 1-4 cor of Sec. IS. T. 23- k. R. 25-E G.
j i S. R. B. & M. bears S. 7S 51 E. .
, 56 feet; thcace S. 82 04 W. 9t9.3f
i cet to corner No. 2; thence N. 1 41'
J 630 feet to corner No. 3: thence N.
: il 48' E. 91.10 fret to corner No. 4.
' thence S. 1 41' W. 604.C0 feet to cor
-ier No. L the place of beginning, coa
aining a net area o( 12.860 aceb, ex
ressly exclud.ag aera in nlUct witt
J Survey No. 2412, Aiche lode of 8.217
crsa.
! The location notices of these claim
are recorded In the oce of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise county, Arixo-
aa, as follows:
Rockland. Book 49. Record of Mines,
page 137.
Black Ben. Book 19, Record of Mines
page 12.
Sunshine. Bcok 49. Record of Mines
;ace 139.
The names tf the adjoining claims to
this survey are; on the uorth. Survey
Na 2412. Apiche lode; Neglected and
Ann, unsurveyed; owned by applicant
herein: Warren lode, unsurveyed; on
the East Suney No. 315S. Rolla lode;
n the Sou:h Survey No. 1794. Grentell
lode; Survey No. 217S, Carmelita and
Corona fodes; Survey No. 2221 Shat-
tuik No. 2 aad Survey No. 3158, ear
aielita and Corona lodes on the West
.:urey No. 1794. Calumet lode.
J U IRWIN. Register.
First publication, Nov. 7. 1917.
Last publication Jan IS, 1918.
vr.
I
I
!Jf
1
A tQv j)
Notices
I JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets m MedifuVico
Hall,. second and fourth
Tuesdays each month.
Vtslung brother
coma.
I S. F. BENTON. Councillor.
iJ. L. BENTON. Recording Secre.taiy.
i
,
LODGE no. en.
R,ml,r w,AA,tns il . - M , ww.
w
, v ul i dy of cJl month. Vlsitta brother
f " 7v. i coni:aUy inrited to attend,
and tairoD p utirvi-p v-.a du.
I. A. KELLY. Secretary.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerte. No. 175. F. O. E, meets
am and third MONDAYS. . p. m.
Eagles H1L Visiter cordially
orn.
J. F. WILMOTH. President
C L EDMONSON. Aerla Physlctaa.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECUR
TY, BISSEE COUNCIL Na 2115
Meets every Second and Fourth Sat
urdays in the nrbnth at L O. O. F.
ball. T:30 p. m. VUltlnx members ar
cordially Invited.
ARNOLD SCHMIXX PKsidenl. P. C
Box 34S3. Lowell. Aril.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary. IJbwelL
E. UNDQUIST.
FInancUl Secretary. P. O. Box 324.
LowcU.
BISBEE LODGE. N. tO, I. O. O. P.
jbbjjw Meets v r
jff iTTV WEDNESDAY
T -z'-"1 t-' erenlngatOdd
FeUow Hall.
Main street at 7:00 p. in. VlslCns
brothers cordially Invited "a a'teno.
' I all pbon lis.
GEO. MUNSEY. N. G.
C' D. KIRBY. Scretar
IMPROVEO ORDER RED MEN.
Meets trst and Ultra
Thursday-! at 7:,0 p. on
In Medlgt'vich HalL AS
visiting Men Uivtie
to attena.
7
SAM RYALL .Sachem.
W. D. 1'OHKN. Medicine Ma
F. C FENDERSON, C of R.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
--"SJr Bisbe Cnmp No. 1415.
ii- Meets first Tuesday J
-:r Chid Fallows Hull.
L MOTZ. Ccte-tl
H V MAThEVS SON.
rJark.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets In. Masonic Ha
Peatl Chapter. No. S, meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of etc
month U 7:30 t. m.
MRS. ANNA C. P.ICKAUDS. W. M.
Phone 220. P. O. Box S4L Bisbe.
MRS JESSE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. O. B'1
1299, Chairman Relief Com. Phone 16L
WOODMEN OF THE W0tLD,
5: ixweil Camp No. 4fi will
? trisv( av-tf-r Wjmtm.i p
7:30. Brcpj M.
n4-H- C. LANDAU. C. C.
tlar O. B. THOMAS. Clerfc.
AU ooodmen Invited.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMER'CN
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 893, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' halt Visiting Archers are
cordially invited.
MRS. C C. FINLAYSON. Foreman
P. O. Box 132.
E. D, STLXSON. Correspondent.
Box 149.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
-jf- Ka in bone Lbdge No. 1,
l I Knights of Pythias
hJf Int Thursday
' ( "j '""Pl second) in oca
Fellows' Hall t 7:30
r'ijS P- n-- Ylsitins; brothers
r" cordially Invited.
FRANK BRCNINQ. a C.
3. C KRIG3AUM. K. of R. S.
By C A. VOIGHT
era
I
m
fict-ow )
EIGHT
THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING. JANUARY 15, 1918.
1TALIAX ARMIES AIDED BY ALLIES
VOir FIRM AG A IX ST FOE ATTACKS
a.
ai 1 iieatre
jul ja &
"WHEJE
TONIGHT
EVEKYBOOY GOES TO SEE GOOD SHOWS
COMMENCING 6:15 TONIGHT
GRFATER STARS
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
GREATER PLAYS
1 ii
3
3
LIE
BURKE
TP r
BY ARRANGEMENT WITH F. ZUGFIELD, Jr., IN
"The Mysterious Miss Terry
A great rnysteiy f lory, with a famous stae ard screen star, by a favorite author
wi!i prove an unusual entertainment.
GELETT BURGESS 7
has brought to the screen that talent which has made him famous. Don't miss this
great photoplay. The first of Billie Burke's Paramount productions.
Cominflr Thursdav DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS in " DOWN TO EARTH"
I
v
mi.
I
Orp Ileum Theatre
TONIGHT -Starting 6:15 TONIGHT
TRIANGLE PRESENTS
JACK DEYSREAUX
supported ana LEHR
IN
a s a
If?
HArofd
A special six-reel Triangle pky cf thrills.. Produced
under ihs supervision of Allan D-var.
ADMISSION 1 0 AND 15 CTS. PLUS WAR TAX
and Company I The admission :s
free. The fame will be callel at 7
p. m. Come and brine your friends
and don't forget the early hour. 7 p.
ni.
WILL BE STATIONED HERE.
C. I. JIcFarlane. who is conne4ed
with the department of just'ce, arrived
here yesterdfy from San Antorfo,
Texa and w:ll represent the govern
ment in that capacity in this district
for the present.
RE-APPOINTED.
Fred W. Shelly, who was at one
time a resident of this city and in the
office of Ellinwood and Ross, and as
sistant county attorney of Cochise
county. , was recently re-appointed as
assistant in the office of District At
torney Wool wine. In Los Angeles,
ON SHORT VISIT.
Sam H Morris, the Globe attorney,
is in the "city for a few days on busi
ness that is of great importance and
which will involve him the rest of his
lift. A further announcement will be
made of the event within the next few
days.
City Briefs
.
Kas anyone visi'ed you? Or
have ycu er.teru.ir.ed I? so. call
the Review fi?r 6 p. m. sad tsil
the Society Editor. I'hone S9.
FORM TYRONNE.
Jack Evans, manager of the Thelps-
; Dodge store at TjTonne, was in the
.v d-, ,h icity yesterday on a short business
Virginia, that he has so far recovered ! "P connected with his position He
-o , tua .hi. h. .wt . reports Tyronne as being quite lively
at the present time and that the camp
I was Tisited by a snow fall last week.
vh Ki f
- x ..
i
v
J V VJ .-.i W-!' -
r.: ; v'
17- .'fit l::.-vV l-'.i
T1
EDDIE BROWN PRESENTS
Hill&Pavns's Jovmakers
IN THE ONE-ACT COMEDY
T- f ' a H m i L t' U
TRIANGLE PRESENTS
THE SIX-ACT FEATURE PICTURE
Nil s ssHasaas
8 raaaida
"Wee Lai ielif
Above, left to ri?ht: General Fayolle,.
commendrr cf the French forces ia
Italy: General Duchesne of the;
French army, and General Diaz.'
commander-in-chief ef the Italian ,
armies. Iow: Premier Orlando, :
head of the new Italian war board, i
i
With the aid of the French and'
British forces the Italian armies:
hae beer. succe.siVl in stominj the pary with Genenls Fayolle and
n ost violent of the foe advances and Duchesne of the French rrmy. and
have in some cases turned apparent the photo is shown for the first time
rvut into a counter advance. General in America. The Italian war office
Diax. commander in chief of the has also recently organised an ltal
itulian armies, was photopraj-hed at ian war committee and Premier Or
a recent review of his forces in com- lanJo has been made iu chairman.
PATHE NEWS NUMEER 101 SHOWING
iu
I a f s ) V. ,? J ,. ;. .v- J
.... -
- 9
"Tho UoHfaY 1 OQotor" I
iI aJ) MISSION 2 0 AND 3 0 CENTS j
! '
ment. liair sinids.
treat-
Adv. 56j
PARENT TEACHERS MEET.
Pareat-Teachers association of the
Lincoln school meetin? which was to
have been held tonicht. has been
postponed indefinitely on account or
trout!" with the heating apparatus.
MARRIED IN EL PASO.
ucDr in rnVRCTONP
Tom Harris and Frank Johnson C. L, WilUams and Miss Nellie
were in Tombstone yesterday on busi- He!ms were married ia El Paso on
. Niuruay aiiu uuw rfiui iit-u iu una
BORN; A DAUGHTER.
Born. Monday. January 14, to Mr.
and Mrs. P F. Johnson, of Bisbee. a
daughter. Mr. Johnson is the most
! capable head of the job department of
! the Review office. 'and the printers
'and -office force all joined in extend
ing congratulations yesterday.
nes before the superior court.
IS IN PHOENIX.
Clifton Matthews, of the Ellinwood,
Ross law office, is in Phoenix on
business before the supreme court.
city to make their future home. Mr.
Williams is a miher in the employ of
the C. & A.
IN AVIATION SERVICE.
Lou Birdino of Upper Lowell
received word that one of his younger;
Lionel, had enlisted in 'he
corps from Nevada, and is
rotniTrn at hospital.
Mrs. C. H. Wiks cf Upper Lowell ;
r.i t.i tha n i. x -or.i;ii c t ".Ma v i viat ion
and w cnerated on Sunav niorn:n?inow stationed at Angel Island, near
frr appendicitis d is petting along Francisco.
n5te!" HAS RETURNED HOME.
HAS RETURNED. I M"- R Gter has returr.ed to
George J. Ellis, the flower man on fcer cme to lt' JGlla Va,ley - fter
the P. D. comer, has returned from a Mend:n a week here on a nsit to
He States u:uu.rr, .-ir. li. iTfiiitrj. aux
. Ler sisicrs. .Misses tine ana .uinnie.
INVITATIONS SENT.
T.c ElYs lodge of Bisbee has mailed
invitations to Elks and their friends
tor a dauce to be given at the club
i home on Thursday evening next. Judg
. ! ins by past attendances at the various
d.iy night affair should be well attended.
business trip to California.
that beer has not lost its taste.
I
, WANTS ASSISTANCE.
I Secretary Tom Egan of the Warrf r.
i District Commercial club has received
a letter from Dwight B. Heard, chair
man of the Arizona Council of Defense
asking the public to help relieve the
: railway car shortage. Bulletins were
j aiso received with the letter telling
how the public by being careful with
i shipping could help matters.
worked at the Shattuck from' May 4 ters of the club gave him a cordial
until May 31st and that h gave the , invitaik-n to be present another time
name of James McLarron at Quyron. and finish the story.
Province of Quebec, to be noitfietl
in case of accident. He was a native OFFICERS CHOSEN.
of Canada, according to the state-. At a mooting of the stockholders of
ments made- at the time of his ap-
the First National bank, held in Tomb-1 tot reus sold here, so ucn i oe icoivu.
plication for work. A further investi- tone, the ic'.lowing officers and di- Get the genuine, made oy ianiorn;a.
gatio.n will be made here today by the rectors were e'erted for the coiring FU Syrup Company .'
local officers.
child attain. When its little sys'eni i I'.ti r r.LT or S lr.cn well casing for
is full of cold, throat sore, has stom-1 sale. Cox iOt't Bisbee. Adv. ISO
aoh-aiho. diaorrhota. induction, colic'
remember, a eJl "iui.le clean-ins" , McDONALD'S MAR1NELLO SHOP
n.il.l a'.wavs be tiie first treatment Slanipooing. massage, sk-alp
given.
Millions or mothers keep "Ca!ifor-j
nia Syrup of Fiics" handy; they know
a teaspoor.ful totiay saves a sick child j
tomorrow. Ask your druggist for a
50-cect bottle of "Calif-'rnia Syrup of !
Figs." which has directions for babies, J
children of all ases and grown-ups.
printed on t!.e bottle. Beware of coun-,
ROCKHILL'S STAGE.
Bisbee-Tonibstone,
I Qisbee Auto Co- 7 a.
;assenger cars.
Phc.ce. Bisbee 6.
Leaves Bisbee
nu 1:30 p. m. 7
Careful drlTera.
Adr
Good music and a good time for ev
eryone at the W. O. W. dance. Brophv
Hall. LoelL Every- Saturday even-
(Advertisement) L)K s oVtlKk snar
Adv. 32
TO ATTEND MEETING.
Arthur Notman left last evening on
the Golden State Limited for Tucson
where he goes to attend a meeting of
the district board of the southern dis
trict of Arizona. This is the first meet
ing of the board since the question
aires were sent out. A number of ap
peals have already been filed with
hat board and it is to act on these
appeals that the meeting has been
called.
vear: C. 1 Cumminga. president; W;n
Cc'in. vied DrcsiJcnt: ard the fo!-l
:ow!ng fi rectors: C. L Cummings. WOMAN'S ADVISORY COMMITTEE ( W. O. W. dance at Brophy Hall. Low
W;:!. Cowan. Vrs. Lily Brandt. Mrs.j e-.i evirT Saturdav evea.nir. S o'clock
ay M. Cetello. H. M. Eckcrniaa.i
Lee O. Wo:!ry. cu1 J. A. P.vco'.-!
AiVi. Mr. Hok:V.i;w was rviaint-J asj
ra.-hicr. while Bradford B. PranJtt
v.-Rs re-appointed assistant cashier.
ON SHORT VISIT. FIRST GAME.
Ortnal Parney and Delos Nelson are' The first game or the Warren dis-( DROWNS AT TAMPICO.
in the city for a few days on a visit tritt basketball league was played lastj a telegram was received here yes
to friends before leaving for enlist- Saturday evening which resulted in a terday from C. .M. Miller at Tampico
ment in the Tnited States amy. Their victory for the High School team asking that the relatives of Robert j
homes are In the Gila valley. : against the Faemty team. The score McLarron be located, that he had been
j was 29 to 23. Tonight the second ( drowned at that place on January 5.
REPORTED IMPROVED. I game of the series will be played in , He was working there under the name
Mrs. Nancy Small has received a let-; the gymnasium cf the Y. M. C. A. The j or Joseph Mercer. It was discovered
ter rrom her son, D. S. Pearce, who is game w ill be between the Assayers; yesterday that a man by that name
I
WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
Dr. C. H. Hunt was in. Tombstone
yesterday on business connected with
the draft board or Cochise county. The
board is now checking up and classi
fying the questionaires that have been
returned. All of them should have
been returned on Saturday last but
t.'iey are still coming in. It will take
several more meetings of the board to
check them up.
n- He view leased Wir
WASHINGTON. Jan. 14. Creation1
of a woman's advisory committee with ;
a member from each slate in the un-1
ion was unanimously authorized todiy ,
i by the executive committee of the na-.
DEAL AT BENSON. j lional democratic committee meeting,'
M. P. Csby h:is just c'.os?-! a doa" j here in regular session. The members :
wi;h H. W. liti & Cj. for forty acres I will be recommended by state national
of la::d cn the Itrnsn side the river committeemen in conference with tje
Mr. Cosby has matorlal on the road state democratic organization.
to build a f'.ur.ie across the river :n
'-"r-'i'u he will run water irom -the !
Fensi-n cans!. The lar.J w ill be plnnr
d to main aifal'a and veetVe.
When Mr. Cc-shy aoen;ed the o:'iice
nf Cann Warden, he leaed hl. farm.
and wf.l now devote his i:eiy pur
sharp.
Aiv.-CSl
ELKS DANCE
On Thursday. January 17. Ytsit'ng
Elks and friends bv invitation.
Adv.-3?3
Business Locals
EARTHQUAKE VISITS ORE R A MM ERG A V A XI) DOES
SERIOUS DAMAGE TO SETTIXG OF PASCICX Is L
1Y
I
wii- - "Li
---2-3
Top Main theater building at
Oberammernau. Below Crowd
in attendance at Passion Play.
The Zurich observatory at Geneva
repcrU a serious earthquake at
Olierammerjrau. in upper Bavaria.
Some of the building and the main
theater in which the Passion Play is
st2red every decade are reported
damafred. The main theater build
ing and its surrounding- buil linfrs are
shown in the upper photograph and
below is a typical scene at play
time when tourists from every cor
ner of te earth are at the Swiss
villajre. The quake is reported to
have done serious da ma pre also in the
upper valley of the Lech river.
CAR STOLEN.
Local officers were notified yester
day to be on the lookout for a super- e t
9ijL iai uiai was Aiuiru iiuiu .utairs
on Sunday night. The car had a blue
body, red wire wheels, body trimmei
w ith red. State license number
Engine number 37467. Factory nam
chased land. Mr. Cosby's re.-ijn?tijn
cf Lrtv.j warden. .e ltas;l his farm.
taking effect J?n. 7. II' has had this
real under consideration since the
chanue in governorship, but had been
roluing ofT until resignation was act
ed upon. Mr. Co by has a'so purchas-
wo shares of wat;r from H. P.
Merrill to be used on this land.
HELD TO ANSWER.
D. W. Williams has
been held to
ber J-4542S. Anyone seeing a car answer to the superior court on a
answering that description should noti- charge of beins an accessory beiore
fy any of the local officers or call up the fact in the attempted robbery of j
the 8henfrs office, number So0.
Or. l lavfsT. Ostoocata. Man
nil. Mason car stop. Phone Blue C47
W. 131
L. L. Gilman sens the New Edi-on.
the phonograph with a souL"
Hxpcrt j,api.r cui.er ana paluter. C
. Brandt. Phoue 45. Box 150. $kv
MATERNITY HOME
Call Biaik S72 lt terms, etc
Advertiseuiem 974
CHANCES MANAGEMENT.
H. Ross Denman has bought the in
terest formerly owned by Mr. Riley in
he Warren Drug company. The War
en Inig company wishes to correct
m impression that the store wrs only
catcd temporarily at Warren but de
sires it understood that they are per
manent in the present location and
will carry at all times a full line or
drucs and all articles usually found
-t a first class drug store.
Hl-Y CLUB MEETS.
The regular weekly meeting of the
Kl-Y club wa3 held in the banquet
room last evening with twelve mem
bers present. Aft-r the uinner pcrpar
cd by Mrs. A. R KMiardscn and Mrs.
Canuncey Mitchell, and served by two
f the club members a short business
session was hold. A membership
committee of four aj apprimed to
.ecure new members nr.d bring out a
urge attendance for the next meet
in u. Following the b'is'ness se.s!on
the club was favored with an address
l:y Alonzu Criitentlen on old Mexico.
The story was interesting and could
not be told in one session so the niPin-
the First Na'ional bank at Tnmhslnne1
and t :e killing of T. R. Brandt, the Paint Co.
cashii-r. Williams was given a pre
liminary examination in Tombstone
a few days ago and was ordered held
in the sum of $5.0o0 which he failed
to give. Fred Kock. the man who
held up the bank and shot Brandt, in
a statement in the superior court
when he was sentenced Implicated
Wiiliams and he was arrested shortly
afterwards. He asked for a prelimin
ary examination and as a- result he '
was ordered held. Williams has a bad I
record. He has already served a term j
for smuggling opium and Chinese from I
Mexico. He will be tried at the com-1
ing term of the superior court. He j
has been living in the vicinity
(Ileeson for a year or so.
See our new wall rTrs. Guarantee
Phone 45 or 750. Adv. 2M
l Phone 45 cr 7.r.i) for prices on paint
i ing and paper hanging. New goods
now here. Guarantee Paint Co.
Adv. rso
The
LYRIC
Beautiful
Baiccny
Lower Floor
Re;ervel Sea'
It
rc
ALBERT SMITH
and
J. STUART BLACKTON
Present
LILLIAN WALKER
IN
-GREEN STOCKINGS"
A Five-Part Vitagraph Blue Rib
bon Featur.
ALBERT SMITH PRESENTS
BOBBY CONNOLLY
with
LITTLE AIDA H0RT0N
1 N
A Big Vitagraph Comedy.
RISKS AND ROUGHNECKS
r
of:
A GUILD'S TONGUE
SHOWS IF LIVER OR
BOWELS ARE ACTIVE
r
DANCE
EAGLE HALL
EVERY
WEDNESDAY AND
SATURDAY
EVENING
8:30
j (F. O. E. 175)
SHAW'S ORCHESTRA
v ;
If cross, feverish, sick, bilious,
give truit laxative at once.
Every mother realizes, after giving
her children "California Srup of
Figs." that this Is tht ir ideal laxative,
because they love its pleasant taste
and it thoroughly cleanses the tender
little sto:.;aih. livor and bowels with
out cripipi:.
W'I'.fn cros. IrritaMe. fever!- h or
I. re:;.1! V1. Mi:.-ni h sour. l(n. at
P-e t ;i vie. !.i.:!i.r! 1: t oa!',i. she a,
':.-p v)i.ti'l of th.s hfmli's '"fniit
l.i c." and i i a fev h.v.n all tl.e
fvil. con-:prtI wa. te. :jr bi'e an.)
;:n.li:: stivl f d passes ov.t of the j
t-ottf'.i, and ou hae a well, playful
URUGS
25 Per Cent Off
SPECIAL
These Rugs were bought for Xmas trade but arrived
too late.
The most extraordinary opportunity that has ap
peared in many a day. These are magnificent Rugs in
patterns and colorings especially suitable for the home.
Anyone who has the good fortune to procure one of
these Navajo Rugs at one-fourth less than the regular
price will never regret it.
Years to come will prove service. There is a good
r.:jortmcnt in all sizes and many beautiful designs.