TWO SECTIONS
Fourteen Pages
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 21, No. 5.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 16, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
U. S. MUST
RUSH
CAN TROOPS1
TO FRENCH FRONT
General March Tells News
paper Men More Than 800,
C00 Are Already on Lines;
Million Mark Set for July
WASHINGTON, June 13. To give
the allies a mastering superiority of
numbers over the eGrman iiivade.-s,
American troops are being rushed to
France as rapidly as transport tonnage
will permit. When the purpose will be
realized cannot now be foretold, but
more than 800,000 men have been sent
ouer seas and this number will be in
creased to 1 ,000.000 early in July.
These facts were announced today
by General March, chief of staff, in the
government's new policy of giving the
newspapers a weekly, summary of bat
tle conditions. Facing a great map of
the battle lines with every operation
of the German offensive shown upon it
General March drew a graphic picture
of a single gigantic campaign extend
ing from Rheims to the sea where the
allied lines have been battered back.
Must Rush Troops.
"In a condition of this kind." said
General March with a quick gesture at
the map, "where a new line has to be
held and where the attacks of the Ger
mans have been made with such large
forces as they have, the importance of
getting American troops to the front
is more and more pre-eminent"
The extent of the American troop
movement was particularly striking be
cause Secretary Baker stated less than
a week ago tnat more man uu jlmju
had embarked. The fact the figures
had increased approximately 100.000 in
lessthan seven days drew a quick
question as to when superiority in man
power might be attained.
General March made it clear that
there is no doubt in the minds of the
allied military leaders that the channel
ports are the main objective of the
whole German efforts. Under the pres
ent drive the line has been penetrat
ed an average of distance of from five
and a half to six miles.
Must Have More Troops.
"One very striking feature in con
nection with their whole advance is
the extension of front which the allies
have had to cover as a result. The uv
tal stretching of the line from Rheims I
to the sea was 66 miles.
"In order to hold the line, the allies
have had to have more troops than
they had at the start.
"Obviously the objective of the Ger
ma nadvance is, first, the channel
ports which would make it necessary
for England in shipping troops to
France to go farther out to sea and
a longer distance, making the turn
around longer and slowing tip tho
movement and making it more danger
ous; second, Paris, which, of course,
is a great strategic objective because
of the important position to the people
of France.
"All of these drives hart been stop
ped. The present advance is more to
straighten out the German line than it
is a military movement with a definite
and important objective like Pari3,
for instance.
Would Straighten Line.
"Taking the general location of the
advance along the Oise, you will see
that between the Picardy and Ma rue
advance we have been holding a re
entrant angle which furnishes ihe dis
tance from which a dangerous attack
could be made on the flank on the
Marne advance and the most desirable
thing which Germany could have at !
this stage would be a straightening
out of the line. That is apparently
what she had in mind in beginning her
advance on June 9. She succeeded in
that, moving forward for a distance
of six miles, and the last information
we have indicates that west of riois-
(Continued on Page Eight)
FIRE DESTROYS
(By Review I .eased Wire)
A CANADIAN PORT. June 15.
A steamer has arrived here with
the passengers and crew of the
Pacific steamer Ravalli which was
destroyed by fire near here todav.
FEDERAL BANKS ARE STABLE
.- (By Review Leaned Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jtfne !.. De
spite huge income and excess prof
its tax payments due today, bills
discounted by federal re-rve
banks during the past week in
creased only $32p00,000 indicat
FIRE BUG BUSY
(Hy Review Leased Wire)
LAS VEGAS, N. M., June 15.
Two incendiary fires were discov
ered here tonight, one of which
destroyed a drug store; the other
damaging a tailor shop, foremen
fighting the blazes discovered
what is believed to be an inft-rn.U
machine. The machine, which re
sembles a bomb, was finhi'weU
WHERE U. S. MA1UXES ARE MAKING IIISTOllV AT FROXT
--,. tM.nT ., . j . fe; LA r,cRc
V '" 'pff S& ' " vSj6NY ' .
" Dictate Peace From Berlin" Is
, Latest War Slogan in Neiv York
HOUSES DIVIDE ON
DEFENSE MEASURE
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX. Ariz . June l.r. The two
houses of the InRi.slature have divided
on the council of defense bill, but on
that nart of it relating onlv to the ere-
ation and the organization of the coun-
ell. The house had passed a bill pro
viding for a membership of fourteen,
one from each county the appointment
to be made by the governor and to be
approved by the boards of supervisors
of the county whence the members are I
appointed; the council not to be orsan- j
ized until the appointments of ten of
the members have been approved. The
governor and the attorney general are
to be ex-officio members. Under this
bill the governor is to be chairman, a
vice chairman is to be elected by the
council and a secretary is to be chosen j
at a salary of $2,400 a year.
Senate Amendment
This bill was amended by the senate,
providing for a council of nine mem
bers to be appointed by the governor,
not more than two from any county.
fhd aniiniiitmnntc tn ho annravori tho '
council to elect a chairman and a Fec
retary at a salary of $3,000.
The house this morning refused to
eon cur in the amendments and a con
ference was arranged. At the end of
two hours the senate conference re
ported a general recession, leaving
the house bill in practically the same
shape in which, it went to the senate.
The senate adopted the report of its
confereres. The house in the mean
time had adjourned until Monday
morning.
The senate was on the point of
passing the bill for the confiscation
of automobiles employed in the trans
portation of intoxicating liquors wheii
an error was discovered and the bill
was sent to the enrolling and engross
ing committee for correction. In the
meantime an amendment was offered
making it a misdemeanor for one to
purchase intoxicating liquors.
PLANES CROSS LINES
PARIS. June 15. A group of enemy
airplanes tonight crossed the battle
front and proceeded, toward Paris. A
few bombs were dropped finding sev
eral victims and doing some damage.
BIG STEAMER
Spontaneous combustion in the
coal cargo caused the fire. AH
the passengers and crew landed
safely.
Unofficial statements placed the
total loss at $250,000. .
ing a fairly stable condition un
der unusual financial pressure.
The conditions of the twelve bunks
at the close of business last night
as shown by the federal reserve
board's weekly statement was as
follows.
IN LAS VEGAS
from a ftn box to which a cap a:id
fuse had been attached.
The "fire bug" used highly in
flammable oil combined with borne
mysterious explosive, the combina
tion forming a blaze which spread
rapidly and rendered the firemen
almost helpless.
The damage will total several
thousand dollars.
John Mason Ross Returns
From Interesting Visit in
East; Sees Major NeiH
Bailey ; Watches Parade
The evolution of American war
! slogans from such sayings of a few
months ago as "Drive the Hun Over
the KMne. to the more
(more determined, more
expressive,
aggressive
slogan. "Dictate Peace From
Berlin,"
j the gigantic organization of the Amer
ican Red Cross chapter in New York
City, the patriotic zeal of the far east
where the war is placed above ev
erything else, the experiences of the
Gothainite on the nights following the
appearance ofijerman U-Boats on tha
Atlantic coast, the work of- Major
Neill E. aBiley, formerly of Blsbee,
for the Cochise county road bonds;
and the parade of more than 50j000
women in New York, led by President
AVilson. on the nnpnin? of thi Tii.i
Cross drive these were thefeatures.
,he interesting experiences ana the
the Interesting experiences ana the
outstanding impressions brought back
to the Warren district this week by
John Mason Ross, of the firm of Ellin
wood & Ross .attorneys, who had spent
two weeks in Washington and New
York.
Message From Bailey.
"Tell the people back home that I
have done my best for them," said
Major aBiley to Mr. Ross in Washing
ton. The two were talking of the
Cochise county $1,000,000 road bond is
sue which has been approved by the
capital issues committee and from the
sale of which funds for the construc
tion of highways are already avail
able. Major Bailey told Mr. Ross ot bis
experiences with the Cochise couhty
bond proposition. He holds an impor
tant post in the department of inland
transportation. One morning when he
came to his work he discovered oi his
desk, referred to him by the capital
issues committee, the application of
this county to sell bonds for highway
improvement.
"I knew conditions out In that part
of the country," Major aBiley told Mr.
Ross, "so I went as strong as possible
with the committee in making my
recommendations."
-At the time neither Major aBiley nor
Mr. Ross was aware that thebonds
had been favorably passed on by the
committee and thatmoney from the
sale of a part of them had been real
ized. When he returned home. Mr.
Ross inquired and discovered the
status of the bonds.
Red Cross Celebration.
Included in the long list of materials
which were furnished to the capital is
sues committee was data of all sorts
relative to this county, to transporta
tion facilities and to local conditions.
It had been prepared by local authori
ties, passed on and approved by L. C.
Shattuck as representative of the cap
ital issues committee, and then sent to
Washington, where it fell Into the
hands of Major Bailey. The former
Cochise county resident praised the
materials and data presented highly,
and had much to say of the grand rec
ord the Warren district Is making in
all war programs.
Mr. Ross arrived in New York at
the time the Red Cross drive for on"
hundred million dollars was opening,
and one of the first meetings which he
attended was that in which President
Wilson inaugurated the campaign with
an address in the Metropolitan opera
house. At this meeting Cleveland II.
Dodge, vice-president of Phelps
Dodge corporation, in his cipricfty as
treasurer of the National Red Cross
society, presided.
Red Cross Parade.
The Rod Cross parade which was
tCVntmueU on 1'iiije evcn)
1 Marines have captured Torcy
and are engaged in heavy fighting in
Uourtsches. L. S. infantry is also
lighting for Bussaires. Kalleau wood
mas t.i!;rn by .1'. S. forces after
heavy lighting. The French are also
engaged in heavy fighting around
Vt-uilly and Bussaires.
2 Where I rench improved their
positions southeast of Ambleny.
: British gained a footing in
Bligny an dinfiicted heavy losses on
t:ie Germans.
ANTI DRAFT FLAG
FLUNG BY I. W. W.
(Rv Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO. June 15. A red calico
flag lettered to read "down with the
war,' and a number of letters were
introduced In evidence today by the
eovernment in the trial of 110 I. W.
W. members for violation of the es
pionage law.
"The flag" was used when the I. W.
W. attempted to hold an anti-draft
parade in Butte. Mont., June 5 last
year, but were prevented by the police.
A strike in Tu. .ser is in full blast."
wrote Sam Scarlett of Akron. Ouio,
to Vincent St. John of Carrizozo,
N. M.
"More than loo on the picket lines.
The work is for the D. & R. G. rail
road and is supposed to be finished by
September 1. The entire shops of the
D. & R. G. burned last nii;ht. The
Mnrpoc Cirn Qnlt Tolrn Cliv ovor Huff
T siire nn. hnvinr one' strenuous timelers to Amiens. T'ie artillery fire also
now watching street meetings, Keep.
ing pickets going, shipping 'sabotage'
onta the job and drawing good collec
tions." ANTI-DRAFT ARGUMENTS
Keciul to Thu I lew?
CHICAGO, III., June 15. Fiery ar
ticles, arguing against conscription
and enlistment, printed in an official
I. W. W. organ, were read to the jury
before which 110 members of the I.
W. W. are being tried by Judge Landis
in federal court yesterday.
The inflamatory essays appeared in
Industrialists the official Italian or?an.
One article, called "The Burning
Thorn Brush." written by Frank Leni
pl, reads as follows:
"The woiking class is going to
he hauled to European battlefields
to be slaughtered and made- into
ammunition, and probably at last
into fond for those who are mak
ing war supplies.
"For about three years already
the European capitalistic class,
with the aid of the United States,
has reaped living extensive crop.
Against this no one has ri.son
strongly to oppose. Join the Rus
sians and do not cease until -the
world's working people are cele
brating one festival.
"Raise the revolutionary red flas:
high and fight beneath it for your
rishts. Down with the war, down
witli human slaughtering. let
those words be written on the
breast of every revolutionary
worker in letters of fire."
More Extracts Read
The following portions of an edito
rial from the same paper were read:
"We have nothing to defend in
the battle between the governing
classes, and for that reason we
must not go there, but let those go
who want to and who have some
thing to defend.
"Let our cry be "'Down with the
wars between countries, and let us
start the working classes' war Into
full swing. Down with the cap
italists' tyrannical government
throughout the world."
J. M. Melville of Newport, Wash.,
lumberjack and Whitewater worker,
furnished r touch of humor to the pro
ceedings. He was asked by Attorney
Frank F. Velirtcrveer for the defense
if he had ever seen bath tubs in log
ging camps five years ago.
Never Use Bath Tub
"No." the witness replied.
they are
beginning to put them in now, hut
let me tell you something. I never
saw one of your I. W. W. use a batu
tun.
Conditions In the lumber camps
were again the subject of testimony
yesterday, supplementing that given
Monday.
ALLIED FORCES IN!
FRANCE HOLD BEST;!
HUN ASSAULT ARMY!
Official Communication De- j
dares Third Offensive Has
Been Halted Since Third i
Day; Germans Surprised
(I'.v Review l-nel Wire)
PARIS. June 15 "The third of tho
enemy's great offensives have been
mastered ever since the third day."
says an ofifcial comment issued this
evening- .
When nne stoDs to think that the
iGermans. electirficd by their success
len the Marne. expected to overwhelm
!us. and advance along the road to
Paris through t'onipiegne, wnicn
their first ohjective." adds the com
ment, "the importance of June 11,
which obliged them to stop, can be
seen.
"For seven days the enemy was
able to make progress in the offensive
beginning March 21 following May 27
his advancewa s Interrupted In the
same length of time. On this occas
ion the ermans. who had let loose
their attack on June 9 had to give up
after the battle of June 11.
"Our soldiers, inferior in number,
have beaten the best assault troops of
the German empire and inflicted upon
them terirble losses and closed again
j the barrier. This result gives us confi
dence Int he future."
i -
. REOCCUPY POSITIONS
j PARIS. June 15. French troops
have, re-occupied Coeuvres-Et-Valsery
( southwest of Soissons), an important
strategic point from which the er
mans have been endeavoring to de
bouch their troops. The war office an
nouncement oft his adds that ground
also has been gained around Mont
gobert. The text of the statement reads:
"South oft he Aisne a local opera
tion enabled us to drive the enemy out
of Coeuvres Et Valsery, which we oc
cupied! We likeflse enlarged our
ground at Montdidier. One hundred
and thirty prisoners and about ten ma
chine guns remain in ourh ands.
BRITISH FRONT QUIET
WITH THE 'BRITISH ARMY IN
FRANCE. June 15 (By the Aassociafed
Press). The British front has been
abnormally quiet for the last week.
A unsuccessful German attack on a
front occupied by about one company,
east of the forest of Nieppe early this
morning has been the greatest infantry
effort made in the region from Hand
has been below normal and only the
long range guns trained on the back
areas have maintained the usual activ
ity. Meanwhile the British force con
tinues to harras the enemy garrisons
on various parts of the line. Early
this morning Australian troops rushed
the German trenches at Villers I ret
tonneux and killed the majority of
the occupants. They also destroyed
the defenses and returned to their
own lines, after hard fighting, with
some prisoners.
TAKE FORWARD POSITIONS
LONDON, June 15. British troops
in a local operation naie
the German forward positions on a
front, of two miles north of Bethune,
according tcf Field Marshal Haig's re
port from British headquarters In
France tonight.
The text reads:
"The number of prisoners taken by
us in successful operations carried out
last night north of Bethune. is l!i.
We also captured several machine
guns. As a result oft 'lis attack otlr
troops have gained possession of the
(Continued on Page Three)
NA VY NEEDS 40,000 MORE MEN
(Ry Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. June 15 Upwards
or 40,000 men will be needed to man
the great fleet of warships which the
United States will turn out during the
next fiscal year, the house naval'roin
mittee was advised today by Secre
tary Daniels.
In asking the house to concur in
the senate amendment to the naval
apropriutions bill increasing the navy's
enlisted personnel from 87.000 to
131.4S5 men. Mr. Daniels transmitted
letters from Admiral Benson, chief of
naval operations and Rear Admiral
Palmer, chief of the bureau of naviga
tion, showing in detail why this in
crease Is necessary.
Need More Men
The correspondence revealed tnat
new warships are being turned out
faster than they can be manned withj
the preesnt limited personnel and that
there should be a change in naval tac
tics and declared If the nation be
forced to defensive instead of an
offensive fight, the navy would be se-
riouslv handicapped in handling the
fleet against an enemy.
Admiral Palmer swld in his l tr
that a shortage of officers of higher
erade should he made up. pointing out
that American destroyers now are op
erating in the war zone without a des
ignated commander other than the!
Pershing Sends
Congratulations
To Capt. Biddle
triv Review Lensed Wire)
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY
IX FRANCE. Friday. June 14 (By
The Associated Press I. General
Pershina; has written the follow
ing personal letter to Captain
Charles J. Middle of the Amer
Iran aviation corps.
"I have heard with great pleas
ure of yeur splendid conduct ntiir
Corbrny. April 12. 1!)1S, when you
attacked nd destroyed an enemv
two-seater which crashed between
the trenches. Also. May 15. while
leading your patrol, when yo't
made an attack at a very low
altitude far within the enemy's
lines against a two-seater, kililng
the observer and forcing the ma
chine down. I am proud to have
under my command a soldier who
has set siu h a hiuh standard of
conduct In action."
To each of four other soldiers
General Pershine sent the follow
ing le'.ter of commemoration:
"I have heard with great pleas
lure of your fien conduct. The sol
dierly qualities displayed by you
on this occasion are admired
throughout the command."
TELLS OF BATTLE
, T . Tr.f
(By Review Leased Wire)
IVlslllVTOX tune IS How I ieu -
tenants Allan F. Winslowand Doucla
fan. i, hell, taking the nir together chi.l
j;tuiicr. suui
an ai-p'anes
:n av'ators
down the first two German
to fall victims to Auierlc
with General Persl'inu's fnrrvs i-: told
in the personal di.ny of Lieuteiiao:
Winslow, made puhlic tonight ly t'r.e
wir department. r"or their feat the
officers were decoraieJ by the r rem h
eovernment and later proposed for :l;e
American distinguished service cross.
The acount. whijh discloses that the
two machines weer sent down within
a minute of each other and almost on
top of an American airdome was not
written for publication but the depart-
ment explained that because of its his -
torlcal and descriptive value it was
decided to make it public.
Led Patrol
Lieutenant Winslow, wha was the '
patrol leader, wrote that he and LI'-u-i
tenant Campbell, since designated as
the first American aircraft, were :n
emergency call due on Sundav mo-n-ing,
April 14 lost, when, at 8:45 o'clock
information that two German planes
were about 2.000 meters above a eiry
only a mile from the airdome. The
aviators rushed to their machines nnd
were scon off. Campbell in the lead.
Winslow, however, was first to set
his man.
"I had not made a complete half
turn." Lieutenant Winslow wrote, "and
was at about 250 meters when straight
above and ahead of me in the mist of
carlv mornin?. and not more than a
hundred yards away. I saw a piano
coming tDwari me with buce black
crosses on its wings and tail. I was
so furious to see a Hun directly over
our aviation field that I swore out
loud pnd violently opened fire.
Fires on Winslow
"At the same time to ?void my bul
lets he slipped into n left hand re-
versement and came down, firin? on
me. I climbed, however. In a rliihi
hand sniral. and slipped off. coming
; directlv hehind him and 'on his
f . . , , violpntlv nm,npii
I had him at ! rare advantage which
was due to the creater sneed and
maneuverability of our wonderful ma
chines. I fired twenty to thirty ronndg
at him and could see mv tracers en
tering his machine. Then, in another
moment, his nla"e went striuht down
in an uncontrolled nose dive I had
ptit pis encinp out of commission.
T followed In a straight dive, tirin?
all the way. At about six feet above
(Continued on f:iRe Sewn
British officer. Admiral Bagley. . The!
submarine chaser force in foreign
waiters is commanded hy a captain,
the admiral said, whereas theer should
be at least one rear admiral and prefer
ably two for this force.
With"ut Flag Officers
The two American divisions of arm
ored cruisers also are without a flag
officer and therr is no lia officer i r
the division of super-drudnanghts
which will be added to the nivy within
a year. Admiral Palmer also pointed
out that the admirals and vice admir
als in command of American fleets
should have re.-r admirals as chiefs
:cf staff.
I Admiral Palmer said lhat specitical
I I.' 42.11.5 men will le needed to man
the warships winch will be turned out
during the netx liscl year ending July
AMERICAN
AIRMAN
WILL TRA IN DRA FT ELIGIBLES
illy Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. June 15 A call
for 13.630 draft registrants of
grammar school education and
qualfied for general military ser
vice, was made on the various
states today by Irovost Marshal
whom 1.261 are are to be e 1W
General Crowder. The men, of
IMH
GREAT OFFENSIVE
Begin Operations on Aisago
Plateau and Extend to Sea;
Latins Hold Firm, Says
Premier Orlando
ROME, June 15. The Austrians be
gan a great offensive at 7 o'clock this
morning on the front from the Aisag.-j
plateau to the sea. This annoiun--ment
was made in the chamber of dep
uties today by Premier Arlando. wht
added :
"Our troops are everywhere resitt
ing magnificently.'
"Nearly the whole of our front is en
gaged, as the offensive extends Midi
extreme violence from Astico to .he
Brenta. from the Brenta to the Piave
and along the Piav everywhere involv
ing the Astico plateau, the . Mount
Grappa sector and the plain."
FAIL IN ALL ATTEMPTS
ROME. June 15. Premier Orlando
1 declared that the Austrians had failed
to achieve even the preliminary r
sillts which usually followed a crush
ing offensive.
Describing the operations, the pre
mier said:
I "A very violent oomoarumenc neeur.
I ... . ..
1 al A O CIOCK and ai . o i kick an inian-
I try attack was launched against th.-
. wnole line. 1 ne latest news wnicn nas
i
('reached me summarizing the situation
! at 1 o'clock Is that our troops have of-
fcred magnificent resistance.
A message sent from the front to
the premier concludes as follows:
"A comparison of all reports re
ceived shows that the offensive was
1 pressed only In the first zone of resist
ance, and not even at a few points has
it obtained the effect which :he enemy
must have hoped for from his powerful
bombardment and the enemy effec
tives launched -an attack against
which our troops resisting magnm-
i Cently.
'
j
ATTACKS FAIL
LONDON, June 15. The war office
tonight issued the following statement
-. ; I . k I , ; . : I.
army in It;lv:
"A heavy bombardment of the Au.
triaiis opened along the entire front
fro n.the sea to the Ailiage front this
morning followed by infantry assault
: throughout the day. Four Austrian di
visions attacked the British forces.
"On the right the attack failed com
pletely, the enemy losing heavily, tin
the left the enemy penetrated our front
line on a width of 2.50U yards and to
a maximum depth of 1.00 uyards. II"
has been firmly held here all day."
The enemy suffered the heacie:-
losses.
"Flving has been impossible for sev
: cral days owing to the weather. Today
1 was unsuitable for flying except ver"
early in the morning when seven hos
tile machines were destroyed and 19
, balloons were sent to earth in flames
j Our flying squadrons in the afternoon
, continunjly engaged in machine gun at-
tacks on marching columns and Iximli
; et! enemy bridges and transports on
the lower Piave, doing greit ilamg.
at low altitudes.
OFFENSIVE BEGINS
VIENNA. Via London. June 15. Th
beginning of a great offensive is in
dicated in the official communication
from Austrian headquarters which
says : n
"Gunfire increased to great intensit,
on many sectors of the sovhwesf front
early this morning.
"On the Albanian front new From a
attacks which were carried out yester
day northwest of Sinaprente hn"
down."
I 1919
lovs;
This force he iM.Hed a--. r !-
For battleships. 4Ci0; destrevrs.
2D.S92: patrol boats. :".'i: sea-u ;:i
tues. 3.7n5: submarines. lOi't;: fleet fuel
ships. 1.070: gun boat... amniarifon
ships, etc.. 533.
On last April 1 he wnvcv S::.I7."
tien vere required for tl " permanent
r.avy as follows.
(: battleships. 3:1. ."(': cruiser rn.l
monitors. IS. 59": gun boats. :',.2-S; de
stroyers and torpedo boats. S.1!:U: sup
ply vessels. 5.:!04: naval transports and
hospital ships. 2. .":: fugs. 1imv vurds.
stations, hospitals, radio stations.
fi.OOil; submarines and tenders. 5.0:.;
W ith a force of 1 JI.4S5 men he es
timated that there ni'sht be a surplus
over those actually on duty of 5. SHI tj
replace men wounded.
whom 1.2fil are to be negroes,
will be sent to schools and col
leges for training. The entrap
ment date was set for July 1. but
the call will be held open tor vol
unteers until June 21. If on that
date enough are not obtained
Itoards are authorized to draft the
remainder needed.
AUSTRIANS
AGAINST
ITALIANS TWO
THE U1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 16, 1918.
-July Patterns, Summer Style Books and New Embroidery Books Now In Main Floor
il
STAMPED GOODS
At One-Half Off
Main Floor Clean up of odd lines of stamped
centerpieces, table scarfs, pillcw tops, aprons,
kimciios, caps and etc., or white and ecru linen
to gc at one-holf off former selling prKes 25c to
$2.00 stamped pieces. 13c to $1.00 each.
u. s.
THRIFT
STAMPS
FOR SALE
AT THE
OFFICE
NEW
RED CROSS
APRONS
ARE IN,
PR'CE, $2.00
2nd Floor
Kayser
Italian Silk
ierwear
Mai: Floor Special showing of this celebrated
underwear, in union suits and vests, knickers,
teddies iu:J thimese. plain and embroidered.
Rawer garments fit prieitly and give eminently
satisfactory wear. Tiiey come in lisle. sl!k and
ull-Uk. lriced from 5'tc to $o.OO a garment.
Smartest Silk Frocks for Street and A fternoon
A re Very Special Monday
r
Jk
ISa
i fc i-
All Millinery
Price
Monday Any trimmed hat in the Dept. to go at 1 -2
regular price. A remarkable sale of hats in the most
seasonable styles and best qualities obtainable in small
and large shapes in tailored, semi-dress and dress
styles. Hats of white Melan, Melan hemp, Leghorns
and Lisere; hats in striking shapes for summer on
sale Monday at 1 -2 regular price.
$10.00 hats $5.00
$5.00 hats $2.50
$6.50 hats $3.25
$7.50 hats $3.75
$8.00 hats $4.00
$8.50 hats $4.25
Millenry Dept.,
$12.50 hats $6.25
$15.00 hats $7.50
$16.50 hats $8.25
$20.00 hats $10.00
2nd Floor
Extra Special!
Monday Only
Silks
Ladies' Muslin
Petticoats $1.19
One day only Monday Fine quality muslin petticoats
cut with deep flounces, of lace embroidery and fine
tucks. There are many excellent bargains to be had
among these, and the woman who has not yet supplied
her summer needs will do well to come here Monday.
Priced $1.19.
New Red Cross Aprons Have
Arrived-Price $2.00
Yard
Main Floor Our entire stock of
fancy silks from $1 .98 to $3.00 yd.
as well as the plain colors in a great
many lines is included in this great
one-day sale. An extraordinary
opportunity to buy silks of depend
able quality at a worth-while sav
ing, and no doubt hundreds will
take advantage of it. The color
assortment embraces all the wanted
street colors as well as the delicate
evening shades. Silks suitable for
dresses, waists, skirts, petticoats,
linings, etc., in stripes, plaids,
checks and broken figures' in satins,
taffetas, silk gingham, foulards and
shantungs. Plain colors in Kaysers
Italian silk jersey, tricketine and
taffetas, on sale Monday only,
$1.69 yd.
Foulard
Gingham
Silks
69c yd.
Main Floor Foulard, Gingham,
Silks and Pussie Willow Taffetas,
regular selling price $1.1 9 The
extremely low price we have put
upon this silk assures a quick clean
up, so come Monday morning if
possible. Colors, Tan, Khaki, Jof
frie Blue, Old Rcse, Green, Lavan
der, Navy, Plum in small broken
plaids and figures, 36 inches wide,
yard 69c.
Sic
II X. V II IV! II. I .
I iifiiiiiiii 1 il m i ..(
I W Will
Iff
Keep the Temperature Down
Our Palm Beach
and Dixie Weaves
DO IT
They're made.of liht weight, ail-wool and wool and
linen fabrics; they're stylish; they keep thcr shape
and they fit..
You can keep cool without sacrificing appearance;
''"' W chat's the kind of service wt offer vou - -and turther-
'fffiyfrnnrc. we cruarantee that vou'll be satisfied: if not
wl we will make it risht. You can get thfias c lothes in
several different models foi the slim, tall and j'out
as well as the regular. Priced for $ 1 0.00 to $ 1 r.00.
Hats for the Warm Days
We have them in ali styles, ioo. for concerw.tive
dressers and men of more advar.ccd clothes idea;-.
Troopers and Alpine, sailors and telescope shapes in
straws and Panamas. Priced from M.5Q to $9.00.
Hatch, one-button Union Suits 95c, in white and
eciu lisle, sizes 34 to 44, regular $'.25 values
Special 95c.
$16.50
Styles for women and little women Colors
and materials that are the very newest and
combinations that are the most artistic:
.Chiffon Taffetas, Fancy Foulards, Silk Ginghams, Crepe de Chine,
Georgette Crepe and combinations of silk and Georgette. The Colors
White, Mustard, Pekin Blue, Jade, Navy Fancy stripes, plaids and
broken figures in the newest tunic draped and straight line models,
both plain, tailored and fancy. Sizes 1 6 to 44 Very special at $ 1 6.50.
Some of the Cleverest Wash Dresses
of the Season (P Qr
Are Here at . . . tfJiJmZrtJ
An assortment of new Summer models made of the best grades
of gingham in Plaids and Checks, Pinks, Blues, Tans and other pretty
combinations of colors, some with sash ties, others belt
ed and Lton effects. Values to $7.50 Monday only,
$5.95. Sizes, 1 6 to 44.
Korrect Wash Skirts in.
New Models
Dozens of Korrect wash skirts in the smartest Summer
styles and models, made of fine quality of Gaberdine,
P. K. and satin finished skirtings, with large fancy saddle
pockets, others pleated. Priced frcm $3.50 to $8.50, all
;
Ml 'lid.
KJ4 iWlliWM
V
'AinftiYlPtr'
sizes.
Coolmore
Porch Shades
Special.
8x8 Special $2.79
10x12 Special .....$3.35
12x8 Special $3.69
Coolmore Porch Shades
shown in green, ideal for
the summer porch screens
from the sun and yet allows
the breeze to pass between
the bamboo slats. Fitted
with hinges, pulley and
ropes.
Fancy
Silk Hose
$1.50 pr.
Main Floor A value extra
ordinary in ladies fancy silk
hose, made of pure silk full
fashioned with garter welt
and feet spliced heel and toe
shown in white with black,
rose, plum, and pink stripes.
Tan with white stripes.
Green with; white stripes.
Sizes 82 to 10 $1.50 pr.
L
A Sale Event That Will Crowd the
Blouse Section Monday
ingerie Blouses
Just 10 dozen of them! Splendid
qualities that one expects only in
blouses at more than double this
price.
In all the smartest versions of mid-summer models have been especially grouped for this
big sale Monday. Organdie and voil blouses trimmed with laces and embroidered in
serts, big collars, some with fine tucks and hand embroidered, others with roll collars;
some with colored collars and cuffs, with round and square necks of plain and striped
materials, sizes 34 to 44. Not again this season will such an opportunity come your
way onday only, $1.95.
Final Clearance of Women's
Wool Suits
And it's going to be a mighty quick clearance, too, for they're the biggest kind of values
Suits of unusual merit are included in this event, but the assortment is limited. If you
can find your size in the lot, you can figure the saving at fully 1-2 to 2-3 less than their
real worth, because you can feel assured on today's market price their worth is fully
one-half more than the regular selling price. Not considering the reductions, make the
savings now. The materials are heavy enough for fall wear. Tins lot includes serges.
Gaberdines, Tricotincs in plain colors and black and white checks.
r'
i
A,
Sale New Neckwear
0ff
It's Opportunity Day for women in cur Neck Wead Dept.
Thc.c'c hardly a woman in Bisbee but will be interested in
at leusl one of these offerings Monday. Timely? Yes!
Very much out of the ordinary values, too. Washable
r.cckwear in a great variety in lawni, organdies and wash
sntirn in collars and collar and cuff sets, lace neckwear in
oil she newest shapes. Waistcoats cf satins and gaber
dines. Novelty ratin collars and collar and cuff sets. The
popular gypsy collar j in all colors. You will find here all
the sn-ir'cst novelties to be had for Monday's selling 1-3
Ices the regutar price.
5000 Yards of New
Fancy Voiles at
New Plaid voiies with floral designs
in a good assortment of colors The
cleverest fabric for waists and skirts
36 and 40 inches wide.
Silk and Cotton Crepe de Chine 49c
Ti c!:araii:. mateua; is hero n all J) i:ni.-i: s:.:!.ie. - a .soft, i lir.fiing
fabric tbat m iUos up bi'a'ilifully into .; i.r.!ts it a.ni liresses anil
can In i.scil lor utuli tsi.t incnts inch wiuc mi h colors as pink.
Iliv li. Coi'i n.. nay and biaik.
. Silk Shirtings $1.19
Ktr.i )na) iua!ity o! this n -w tabric for shirts and waists, in a fplen
tlid w iii.'it white with Mri''s of cone and lislit blue, old rose. reen.
pink, plum and lavender special. $1.19.
36-inch Figured Shantung 49c yd.
Special Vi-i Sli.Mi'ints in all the v anted shades, w it!i dots and broken
fiu. jus (' ;hit'g tor Airts ami fvn su.ls. 1'iice. $VJi regtilar $1 "0
aha s.
V THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MOHNING. JUNE 1G, 191 S.
THREE
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
The Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
IS IN PHOENIX.
Miss Sallie McCall, the music teach
er of the Bisbee; schools, is spending a
few days in Phoenix on a visit o
friends.
DOUGLAS COUPLE.
Married At the residence of Mr. V.
B. Dortch, Mr. Edgar H. Thompson and
Miss Sarah Snyder. Koth of Douglas,
by H. C. Compton.
WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
Miss Ester Cummings was in Tomb
stone yesterday on business before the
juvenile court, she being the proba
tion officer-in this district.
organization or sect wherein is pp
jsiiibed the weeiing- of a headdress as
I part ol the religion to have their pho-1
i fo.rapl: taken wearing the official j
! in -address. The former ruling said tiiut !
' Mr.ii n aii ''1. .s .should have!
I their pic.u.cs taken wMr.-u? a hat ( u
TOOK PRISONERS OVER.
Deputy Sheriff Jack Ryan yesterday
Hook over two prisoners to the county
! ..11 ... n-.... . 1 ... ..ti.i Thuw i'tr? I J
jHII ill HIIIIIIMIMITT. , J . .. .
Ilallis and Marie I)u:in, who were
committed by JiuL'e Winters of Low
e!I. for having be mi convicted of ill'-K!
cohabitation.
RAIN IN TOMBSTONE.
According to parties who were In
Tombstone, a nice shower of rain fell
there about ! o'clock. The fall was sui'-
ficient for the water to run off th-
roofs ami down the putters. The fai'
extended but a short distance this side
of town. A slight sprinkle fell 'on the
ether side of the Tombstone Divide.
FROM TOMBSTONE.
Douglas Gray, the Tombstone mer
chant, was in the city yesterday from
that city on a short business trip. He
returned home late last evening.
AN ESTABLISHMENT.
The Red Cross Shop ha3 to its credit
the sum of $75 for just one week, be
ginning Monday. How much it really
counts is being demonstrated daily.
MELODY ORCHESTA PLAYS.
D. C. Brown and Harry Long, mem
bers of the Melody Orchestra, were
among the musicians for the Hostess
House dance at the Y. V. C. A. on
last Friday night
MEETING.
The Central school Parent-Teachers'
association will meet on Tuesday even
ing at Horace Mann, Jr., high school.
All Parent-Teachers' associations are
urged to attend.
DIES IN LOS ANGELES.
According to word reecived in Bisbee
Mrs. C. D. Reppy.'wife of one of the
founders of the Tombstone Epitaph,
passed away in Los Angeles on June
Uth, after a lone illness.
FROM GLOBE.
J. L. Spikes and wife were in the
city yesterday from Globe on their way
to Douglas, where they will visit with
Mr. Spikes' parents. While here Mr.
Spikes was inquiring about enlisting
in the navy or the U. S. marines. He
expects to he called soon and desires
to enlist before that time comes. He
has been a resident of the county for a
number of years.
FROM GLTESON.
Dr. R. B. Stroud and wife, Herbert
Loynd and wile, formed a party of
Gleeson citizens who were in the city
yesterday on a shopping trip. The
doctor is the physician in charge there
for the Shannon Copper company. I5,
ieports that the camp is holding its
own and that the company is making
regular shipments to the smelters at
Clifton.
WAS BURIED YESTERDAY.
Harry M. Yates, better known ns
Red Yates, who killed his wife and
then himself a few days ago, was
buried yesterday from the Hennessey
I Undertaking parlors. The expenses of
i the funeral were paid by the county,
i His parents who reside in Indiana,
j stated that they were not able to bear
the expenses.
VISITORS FROM SAFFORD.
Mrs. Allen Lewenthal and son, Allen,
of Safford, Arizona, are spending a few
days in the district and are the guests
of Mrs. H. F. Mathenson, who is a sis
ter of Mrs. Leweuthal's.
GOES TO HOSPITAL.
Mrs. Arthur Prosue is now in the
Copper Queen hospital, where she has
been taken for an operation. She is
fast regaining her strength and friends
anticipate a speedy recovery.
WERE IN TOMBSTONE.
Among the Warren district lawyers
who were in Tombstone yesterday on
business before the superior court
were: E. J. Flanigan, Rod McDonald,
Williams and Alexanuer Murray.
! u ci r Tr mcucd
Mrs. J. H. Whiting, alias Mrs. C. E.
Keste-r, the woman who passed the
bogus checks on Main street Friday
evening, was yesterday ordered he'd
to await the action of the superior
co-jrt. She was unable to give the bi;nl
of $500 Which Judge High placed her
under and was taken to Tombstone
and placed in the county Jail. Her
husband, who is a firetaan on the E. P.
& S. W. cut of Douglas, was up to see
her and will endeavor to raise her
bond in that city.
TO LON GBEACH.
Former City Marshal James Allison
left yesterday for Long. Beach Cjli
foroia, where he will .speuu a lew
weeks on a visit with his family, who
are spending the summer there.
MRS. ALLEN IMPROVES.
Friends of Mrs. Glenn L. Allen, of
fcisbee. will be pleased to learn that
letters received in this district yester
dap Indicate she is recovering rapidly
after an operation in Los Angeles ia;J
Saturday.
WCRD FROM HAMILTON.
C. E. Hamilton, fnrn-erlv' h-pII
known in Bisbee as circulation man- !
i cger of the Review, writes to the ed
itor from England where he is continu
ing his training with the aviation corps
of the American expeditionary forces
lie states that he has most comfort- j
able quarters and is workinir hard to
complete his course, expecting to 1c !
sent soon to France for active service, j
He is stationed in una nf ilio !
training camps in England just outside !
London.
ON VACATION.
Louis Curry, son of Joe E. Curry and
wife of Warren, has returned from Cul
ver, Indiana, where he has been at
tending school for the past year, lie
will spend the summer months here
with his parents.
ON CAMPAIGN TRIP.
Deputy Sheriff William Brakfield of
L.'weli Pa yesterday for Tombsttna
rn rout" to the northern end of the
'Ci n;y where he is making a brief
trir. to .set acqininted wiib the voters
." that end of the country on a ram
ra:Vn trip. Mr. rtrnkfield goe tmm
there to St. David and Benson and back
over to Dravcon, Johnson. Cochise.
Wiilro?:. Bowie and San Simon and
brck to Paradise; and. on to Douglas.
He eNrects to be pone several days.
BABY BOY ARRIVTS.
The home of C. D. Roten and wife of
Douglas has been blessed with the ar
rival of an eight pound boy. Mrs.
Roten is the duughter of T. E. B.-.hcr
of this city and has a number of
friends in this district. Mother and sec
are both doing nicely.
HERE ON VISIT.
Ralph Verfurth, son of J. H. Yer
furth and wife, is here in the district
for a few wecJis on a visit to fritnds j
from his present home in Santa Crm !
county. He has been married since lie
left here and is accompanied by hi-;
wife.
WERE IN TOMBSTONE.
Constable Joe Hodges and William
Woods were in Tombstone yesterday,
where they took two bootleggers who
were arrested at South Bisbee on a
charge of transporting intoxicating
likuors. They returned home late last
evening.
JULY FOURTH MEETING.
All business and professional men of
the district and others interested in
the arrangements for aVo rth of July
celebration in the Warren district, are
urged by the committee in charge to
attend a meeting Monday iiir,ht at the
offices of the Business Men's league at
S o'clock. At this time discussion of
the possible program which may be ar
ranged and of the manner cf celebra
tion will he held. If demand is suf
ficient a l;irff relel.rntion will Iia hoi.!
anu ail interested are urgoa to h
hand for the meeting.
on
MEET TUESDAY.
The ladies of the Christian .church
meet every Thursday to sew for the
Red Cross and invite any who would
like to assist in the good work. Those
present last Tuesday were Mesdames.
Welbourne, Stewart, Wallace, Blunt,
Kiinmer, Hudson, Beacon and Chain.
LOR ETTA ACADEMY.
Friday night the graduating exer
cises of the Loretta academy took
place in St. Patrick's hall. The pro
gram was very short, .consisting of a
few pieces of music and ending with
"The Star Spangled Banner." Mi:;s
Rose Suttey was the only graduate of
the academy course and there were
ten gradtlates of the grades.
13 MAKING GOOD.
Mrs. Howard C. Rolfe, of Upper
Tombstone Canyon, received a letter
from her son, Eric H. Carlyle oi ao--folk,
Va., where he 13 finishing his
training in the navy, where he has
qualified as expert sharpshooter, has
been acting captain of a gun crew in
the armed guard for eight months, has
been promoted to boatswain's mate.
Could have been gunner's mate instead !
but he would have had to give up his
gun crew. He wishes to be remember
ed to his friends in Bisbee and say3
that as soon as he gets a sub he wants
to get a furlough and come back to
Bisbee to celebrate the event. Before
enlisting a year and a half ago Mr.
Carlyle was oiler at the Gardner.
Advert i.sement
Ailvf'-t' e.i,.-llt
Advertisement
Mr. Hearsts
Mr. Rooseve
It a
Critica
nd His
I A
naly sis of
-
meal tunvoses
Editor Los Angeles "Examiner"
"jlfOUNT CLEMENS, Mich., May 13. Mr. Roosevelt,
IV ( though notably less able and less respectable, is em
phatically the Asquith of American politics. He is
out of ;ower and he is i-reedily eager to get back into
pow or, and he does not scruple at any methods; no matter
how unfair to the Administration or how harmful to the
country, in order to accomplish his purely selfish political
purposes.
The attack which Mr. Roosevelt now makes upon the
Administration is just as baseless as the attack which As
quith made upon Lloyd George, and it wilj prove to be just
as futile in its effect upon the Administration and just as
fatal ;n its effect upon Mr. Roosevelt.
The immediate causes of Mr. Roosevelt's present out
burst are two in number.
The first cause is the fact that the magazine which
hires Mr. Roosevelt at $1 per word .to make vicious
attacks upon the Government of the United States during
war time was excluded from the mails in one issue for a
wholly false r.nd absolutely unjustified attack upon the Pres
ident.of the United States and the diplomacy of the United
States, calculated to bring our-country and our people into
contempt and consequently to injure our cause.
Mr. Roosevelt did not write this particular article, but
it is conceivable that any menace to the existence of a mag
azine which pays so liberally for political slander arouses a
natural concern on the part of Mr. Roosevelt for his own
profitable, if not patriotic, contract.
The second cause of Mr. Roosevelt's immediate agita
tion is the fact that the small and lonely New York news
paper which is supporting Mr. Roosevelt's perpetual aspira
tions for the Presidency was recently rebuked as a public
enemy by the representatives of the United States Govern
ment for printing as news certain articles which had no
foundation in fact, and which discredited the officers of the
United States Army and held them up to ridicule and con
tumely, without the slightest tjasis of truth or justice in tie
allegations.
In any other country in the world, in critical war times,
traitorous publications like Mr. Roosevelt's magazine and
Mr. Roosevelt's newspaper, whose only Objects in printing
falsehood were petty political spite against the Preaident
and partisan support of the aspirations of a rival candi
date, would have been wholly suppressed as treasonable.
Our Government, however, is lenient with such offend
ing publications and with Mr. Roosevelt himself because the
Administration properly believes that in a republic the right
of free speech and free publication should be preserved,
even though there be occasional disloyal abuses of this right,
as in the case cf Mr. Roosevelt and the magazine which
hires him and the newspaper which politically supports him.
That th; United States Government was entirely right
in its denunciation of Mr. Roosevelt's New York newspaper
was conclusively proven in the suit which arose out of the
resignation from that newspaper of its editor, Mr. Frank II.
Simonds, well known throughout this country for his patri
otic articles on the war.
Mr. Simonds definitely stated and showed that his desire
to retire frc this disloyal paper was due to the fact that
this paper Ljitually invented news and concocted cables
in its own office for the purpose of manufacturing fatee
material with which to attack the Government of the United
States and the army of the United States for small and self
ish political purposes.
Of course, Mr. Simonds would not willingly remain con
nected with any disloyal publication, no matter how profit
able that connection might be, but there is apparently noth
ing in Mr. Roosevelt's makeup to prevent his connection with
any publication, no matter how traitorous, as long as that
connection will serve to line his purse and further his un
scrupulous methods of promoting his personal political as
pirations. Mr. Roorevelt's attempted reflections upon the Hearst
publications are unimportant
It is sufficient to say in reply that whatever criticism
the Hearst publications indulged in was coUatruc'ave criti
cism founded upon established fact, net u?va inaciOicriurcd
.r.nce
1 de-
falsehood, and intended for the information and a
oi ine Admimnration and not for its discomiiture iiv.o
struction.
For years the Hearst publications have advocated pre
paredness and have been denounced as jingoes by the short
sighted for doing so.
For years these publications have advocated the en
tension of West Point and Annapolis and the establishment
of national universities throughout the country to provide
trained officers for the army and navy in time of need.
For years these publications have advocated the con
struction of the greatest navy in the world and creation
of a nationally owned merchant marine to act as a.: -vjy.ii-iary
navy in time of war.
Every since the beginning of the European war tr.z
Hearst publications have advocated universal service, and I
personally went to Washington and wrote in the Wa:-hiii-ton
Post a signed article appealing to my former associates
in Congress to vote for universal service and at least make
our wn cotmtry safe for democracy.
'Ever since the beginning of this European war the
Hearst publications have dilated upon the formidable r.ess
of the German military machine and the necessity for im
mediate and immense effort on the part of our country if we
were to defend ourselves against that machine and even
tually overwhelm it
If the advice of the Hearst publications had been taken,
we would be applying today in a determining way the
supreme force which the President now calls for and wo
would be winning today the glorious victory which we will
assuredly win in due time anyway, in spite of delays, in spite
of obstacles, in spite of partisan obstruction and in spits of
treacherous ttack in the rear by selfish politicians ani
mated by personal ambitions.
Let me say in conclusion that the attack upon the Ad
ministration, and the incidental attack, upon the Hearst pub
lications, which zrs only seeking to secure justice for the
Administration, emanates from the reactionary influences
of Wall Street The New York Tribune, which supports Mr.
Roosevelt in his unpatriotic activities, is owned by the Mills
and Peid estates, two of the greatest and most sinister of
New York financial forces, and not even wholly American
in character, as the Molls and Reid families are both, inter
married with the English aristocracy.
The Metropolitan Magazine, which hires Mr. Roosevelt
at a dollar a WGrd, as professional vituperator of the Presi
dent, is owned by the Whitney estate, which is administered
by Harry Payne Whitney, grandson of Henry B. Payne, the
Standard Oil magnate, and son of William C. Whitney, the
New York traction magnate.
Ncr is it unusual to find Mr. Roosevelt in such company
or in the financial favor of such influences.
Mr. Roosevelt in 1912 ran for President as a candidate
of tha Steel Trust and to defeat Mr. Taft who had prose
cuted the Steel Trust
Mr. Roosevelt was financed by Mr. Perkins of the Steel
Trust, and when Mr. Perkins of the Steel Trust refused to
finance Mr. Roosevelt and his party in 1916, Mr. Roosevelt
shamefully betrayed his Progressive party into the hands of
the reactionary Reprubficans.
Mr. Roosevelt has always been a badly camouflaged
instrument of these sinister financial interests from the time
that he personally, as President, allowed the United States
Steel Corporation, in flagrant violation of the anti-trust laws
of the nation, to absorb the Tennessee Coal and Iron Com
pany, down to the time of the recent election in New York
City, when he followed the lead of the Steel Trust ard the
Standard Oil Trust and declared against the nominee of his
own party who had been regularly nominated by the Re
publican voters in the open primary, which Mr. Roosevelt
had always advocated.
As Mr. Roosevelt and his unfounded allegations were
overwhelmingly repudiated in the New York City eler lion,
and as Mr. Asquith and his unfounded allegations were over
whelmingly repudiated in the House of Commons, . Mi.
Roosevelt and every political and public traitor should be
overwhelmingly repudiated whenever such en one sets him
self disloyally against his coustitritt-'i leaders and z gainst
the best interests of his country .for th? mce of all mo
tives petty jealousy and puRxmal gh.'.
' ..j JYTLUAH FANQT FF H USX, v
Advert isetiient
Adverlu t nu tft
Xdvertisement
FROM EXPOSED REEF.
O. T. Smith who recently disposed
of the Exposed Heef property in the
Huachucas to California parties, wa.i
In the city yesterday on a short busi
ness trip. He expects to take an op
tion on another property in that sec
tion of the country and work it for
tungsden.
DUPEN HEARD FROM.
C lerk J. K. James of the superior court
yesterday reecived a card trom E. P.
I'tipen. former I'isbee attornev, who
left with the second contingent from
Cochise county to Camp Kunston anil
is now in Trance. He is a sergeant
in I'ncle S:.m's forces. The card reads:
"On active service with the American
Kxpediticnary force, l'aris. May 2S.
litis. Ret-nrds and best wishes to you
and all t!ie boys. Came here recently
to my surprise and pleasure, under
crdeis anri may remain awhile. Am
feeling line and getting along nicely.
I'ncle Pain is fixing tilings over on
this side in good shape to wallop the
kaiser. Say 'hello' to the judge for
n:e. Eustage P. Ivipen."
and Turner as soon as the present
Tcmbstone-Bisbee link is completed. A
road repair gang is now at work on
the road just west of Tombstone doing
a little road denistry by removing the
rock on the worse part of the road.
Contracts will be let June Tl for grad
ing tho Bisbee-Douglus road. High
way building is now under way hy
three departments in Cochise county,
the state and the county, and also the
Ccchise highway commission.
MAY WEAR LIDS.
City Marshal Kempton and Pcstm-is-ter
Bailey hvp just recehe.l word
that in lie reioti ition of fernlc idien
, enemies a new ':sprnsat':i l.as b"e:i
allowed whi.-h permits women who aio
members of any religious community.
ROAD WORK.
Tl e surveyers are pettina the data
in s'i; :ie to caU for bids on the Tomb-slone-Iienson
link of the Rod en to the
I'ima county line o." the Cochise high
I way system and after this is done
i they will Kf to the Cli cson to Will
cox link. Work on the st:ite bighwav
will be rushed westward via Kairbank
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses
were issued (lining the past week in
the office of Clerk J. K. James, of
the superior court: Denton It. Cray
t- wed IJessie Stoter. Warren; Wm. J.
Klzeny of Ft. Ituai hura to wed Klber
M:a Ward, of New Orleans: ('has. Robt.
liohlen to wed Catherine Margaret de
liernardi. Dougl.-s; Wm. U. Byerly to
wed I'.uela Sullivan of Bisbee; Gcston
Achurcarro to wed Guadalupe Loza, of
nisbee; Aaron Ware, Ft. Huachuca, to
wed F'orinn Evans, of Houston, Tex.;
.Jrsus R. I opez to wed Sara Valle,
Pou:;las; Geo. G. Dent. Holbrook.
Ariz., to wed I ois I. Williams. Sa.i
Pimon: Dometrio Martinez to wed Ro
sario Oznma. I'.ishee; Alberto P. Pnrra
to wed Jnana Cahrerra. of .TohnS'in:
Manuel R. Garcia to wed Pastora Alar
con, Itisliee; J. M. Maldonado to wed
Conception Gonzales of Naco.
expenses of the Pythian sisters' enter
tainment committee's work at the
Warren park, where the women served
on Saturday, June 8, has been turned
over to the chairman of the entertain
ment committee of the local Rod Cross
chapter, it was announced yesterday.
In addition it was announced th.it
Clyde Bailey, of Warren, has sent 'n a
belated subscription of $5. The Parent
Teachers' association of the Lincoln
school served at the Warren park on
Wednesday, June 12. At this occusi'in.
was realized, clear of expense,
and the sum has been turned ovi-r by
Mrs. Rose Griffith, chairman of the
Lincoln association, to the Red Oes--.
chapter. Women of the Red Cross v. iih
to announce that they will make a nr
terial saving of people who purcb;-
soda from them will return I Id; bet
ties.
ON VACATION.
John True, Jr., has returned from
Culver, Indiana, where he has been at
tending military school, and will spend
t his vacation here with his parents. Mr.
and Mrs. John True, of Warren.
MORE RED CROSS MONEY.
A total of $75. M, the proceeds above
NOTICE TO OUR CUSTOMERS IN
THE WARREN MINING
I DISTRICT
Effective Monday, June 17th, at the
Bisbee, Lowell and Warren stores, our
I solicitors will call on the retail tra I '
j Mondays. Wednesdays ami Fridavs.
The custom of dating "First of ; h'
I month" orders ahead will be discon
tinue!. goo-Is will be charged the s:i:ne
;dry the order is. placer?.
I Following suggestions of he War
jCoouru-il of I)t fciise to conserve all ef
! ficient jxnd experienced heln is becom
ing more serious as mere men are call
ed to the colors, v.e '.v ill endeavor to
serve the public a 3 outlined iiboie. We
I are confident that under present " n
Iditions our patrons will be pi -l-. d t
' co-operate villi im to nril;e (l.c dn a
'PliKI.PtVnOlK'.K MKKCAXTir.K CO.
, ICO.OCa PBcf CRIPTIONS
i WCrtE FILLED Br.FCRE
'49" WAS DISCOVERED
l
J. C. Mi - le-ihaM, Kv.uwillc. !ml..
pent year., in the drur; business.
en. up I'ul'il over l'". i'"" pre-u-t ipt ions
! from physician-! educated in I'limpi-
and America before Number 40 For
.The Blood'' was discovered; the great
specific for all blood diseas". Success
if'jHy employed in diseases of the
'glandular svsVm. in bin. id poNon.
j mercurial and b ad poison ins. chronic
uhru'iii'tisni, catarrh, cop --titputu n
: hi pa'i'- congestion, dvspepsi:! :e.,l
stieii'H ll troubles, sores, uhi-rs. tied'.
Itun. rs i.ml scrofulous swi-Hmils that
have .v.th-'ood all oilier !ro iitneni
yield to "N.i I'l."
j Sold by Central I'hnrmai y. r.isbr.
' i i: en i ; Low i II 1 i UK Co.. I. on ell. All
'ofa
ALLIED FORCES IN
FRANCE HOLD BEST
HUN ASSAULT ARMY
' prisoners southwest of Merris. Fner.-.r
! advance-! in force on the Ancre rc
. rt pulsed.
"In the evening p.rtilb-ry and mine
throwing duels revived on both side--'
of the Somrae."
(Onitliiiii'J from Fae One)
DIVE3 CAPTURES OFFICER
Vtici'ij's forward positions on a front
i of two miles, securing all our oliject
, ives.
"In the fighting reported this morn
i'lg tat of Nieppe f crest the enemy
; by a local attack, carried out tmder
i b.tvy bombardment, succeeded in
; diiv'ti in three of our advanced posts
- west of Vienx llepiuin.
; "The hostile rtillery was active
tl-'s morning east of Arras and has
I shown solve activity this r ftonio.m
. north of Bethune."
ATTACKS REPULSED
j BERLIN, (via London! June 15
T'io evening report from general head
, quarters says:
"Local attaik! by the enemy north
of I'etiiiine amis outii of the Aisne
: failed i L ' i 1 1 oavy losses."
DUELS REVIVED
BERLIN, i via London) June l.V
The i ITU ial communication today
sa s :
"Army i-ro'ip cf Crown Prince Rnp
pre lit : T o re lias been live'y rccrp
noi: 1 1 iiig aciiii. We brought in
I ttv Keviow Leased TVir)
AN ATLANTIC PORT. Jane l." -The
Gertuan submarine which sank
the American transport President I i:i
oln re appeared four hours I iter nr.. I
took from one of fie l:le ratts Lieu
tenant Edward V. Isaacs. I. S V.
Aruzina. according to It1." story toll
' l v his orderly. Joseph Gardner, of
Chicago, who arrived here today from
a French port.
Arriving here with Ganin-r were
' Wm. F. Subert of Passaic. N. J . and
Wm. Mathews of Pallas. Texas. Wi'-h
I Lieut Isaacs they toek to the ratt af'er
the Lincoln was torpedoed.
23 DIVERS SUNK
( Hy Rfvietr Leas.il Wire)
PFMBFRTOV. Miss. June 17
"Since .'nrnary 1 our navv ha sunk
twenty eight submarines and our saii-.-rs
should have the credit lor it." de
clared Senator John Weet. member
of the senate military affairs con n:it-t-e.
in :n address here today "I be
lieve when a heroic dee,; is .'one ;t
should be inad public." he add.-d FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 16, 1918.
Sip 2!islic Dmhj Himtixt
PUSLIEHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEN A. CAIX
Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PREOS
Te Associated Tress is exclusively entitled to the
ase for republication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise, credited to this paper aad also the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES. PmYABLE IN ADVANCE:
PER MONTH -75
THREE MONTHS
SIX MONTHS '
TWELVE MONTHS ..
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
2.25
400
7.50
2.50
.75
Most Significant of All j
A close study of tlie Saturday morning
Associated Press report of the war situa
tion, sent out from Washington, reveals
an inside viewpoint as the administration
sees it with all its power of possession of
inside information. The dispatch really
bore the marks of a governmental state
ment. It carried the opinions of our high
est military authorities and conveyed the
information of the civil authorities as well.
In the first place it warns the nation to
expect another and greater German offens
ive in the near future. It discusses the prob
ability that the last two offensives, the one
that started at Chemin des Dames and end
ed at the Marne, and the last one, that
struck so savagely along the Noyon-Mont-didier
salient, are merely feints, upon a
great and expensive scale, in order to get
Foch to withdraw troops from the Amiens
sector and from the gateway further iorth
that blocks the road to the channel ports.
It also hints at some mysterious and
mighty purpose in Foch's cons'tant and con
tinued campaign of defense that is costing
the allies so much and such precious ground
and so many strong positions. In other
words, it conveys the impression from those
on the inside that Foch could strike a mighty
blow if he would. It tells us that he has the
men and munitions to make a counter
stroke somewhere along the line that would
remove the present pressure on Paris and
the menace of a bad break in the allied
lines.
Again, and this is the greatest news of
all to the average American, it gives abso
lute authority for the statement that half a
million American soldiers have landed in
France since the German offensive began
March 2 ! . , This means that we have at
least three-quarters of a million men over
there, and have far exceeded the most san
guine expectations of some three or four
months ago. And it means further, that
we are sure of our million before fall.
It also prepares us for news soon to come
of a real American army on the battle line.
It declares that already the American forces
are beginning to play a vital part; that they
have stiffened the hard pressed allied line
and are soon to be called to battle by the
thousands instead of by the hundreds, as
heretofore.
In fact, this bold and clear dispatch under
a Washington date line, and semi-official at
least in its authority, gives more direct and
vital news of the war situation at one time
than has been given out altogether since
we entered the war. And it is well to speak
out plainly at this time. The American
people are intelligent and brave enough to
face the situation squarely, and it is a seri
ous enough situation, as every one who
has been following the foreign cables close
ly, knows full well. The German staff has
always known more about American troop
movements and allied resources than the
allied public has been told by their govern
ments. Foch's wary and cautious tactics, always
defensive, have been questioned time and
again in the Paris press, but always without
the least loss of faith or confidence in that
great commander. The allied world is sub
limely confident that when the time comes
Foch will strike. And the world knows
that both England and America are pois
ing reserves into France in a steady and un
ending stream. And day after day we read
of how the Germans press forward and that
the allies are always outnumbered in all
the actual fighting by great odds. We know
that the Germans have hordes of men on
the battle .front and are spending them with
a desperate and reckless hand. We know
that time and again the peril to our lines
has been very grave. We know that the
Prussian gains almost at will in every drive.
We wonder how much more ground Foch
will give; how much more he can afford
to give. But what we do not know, and
what Germany does not know, is when
Foch -;vill .'fnke; how m.iriy reserves he
has and where they are massed. From Foch
himself there comes no word. His only
official declaration since assuming the su
preme command was the laconic assurance
that the Germans should not take Amiens.
Well, the Hun is still looking at this famous
and ancient city from the outside.
But Foch did contribute a brief article to
a London weekly journal the other day in
which he made some most significant siate
ments about the conduct of the war. "Our
first axiom," he wrote, "must be that, com
pletely to achieve its object, a battle must
not be purely defensive." A little further
on he says: "But since there remains no
doubt that decisive attack is the very key
stone of a battle, all other actions which
make up a battle must be considered in the
measure in which they will facilitate that
attack and give it speed and force."
Then he writes of reserves and their im
portance. He calls them the "prepared
bludgeon" carefully prepared and instruct
ed to "execute the single act of battle from
which only results are expected, namely
the decisive attack.
"Reserves must be husbanded with the
most extreme parsimony," concludes Gen
eral Foch in this article, "sb that the bludg
eon may be strong enough to make the blow
as violent as possible. History and reason
show us that in battle there is a single argu
ment which is worth while, namely, decisive
attack."
Well, the Washington dispatch assures
us that America has furnished three-quarters
of a million of those precious reserves and,
based on this showing, can be depended
upon to furnish a million more. And can
any one read General Foch's views on war
and doubt that he will strike with all his
might and main, risking country, life and
reputation on a final effort, when his genius
selects the place and his great soul tells him
that the hour is at hand ?
And now German junkers have "promul
gated peace terms that require the destruc
tion and perpetual repression of the British
navy. How strange this German decree
sounds to the student of history. When
Spain was at the zenith of her power only
the British navy stood between the pre test
ant nations of England, Holland and Ger
many and certain destruction. The British
fleet beat the Spanish armada and thu3 saved
Germany, then the home of the Protestant
faith, from becoming a vassal of Catholic
Spain. Napoleon conquered all of Ger
many in a campaign that extended over less
than a year and made his marshals rulers
of all her old, proud, rich provinces. But he
he could not beat the British fleet. And
during all the eighteen years of his domi
nance in Europe the English navy was the
one hope and faith and stay of these con
quered nations. It was only the English
navy that made Waterloo possible and
made Germany free. And Germany grew
and waxed strong for fifty years under the
protection of that fleet. Now, having be
come a giant, she would destroy that fleet,
for it stands in her way, even as it stocd in
the way of Spain and of Napoleon when
Germany was about to be destroyed. Yes,
it sounds strange indeed to hear a German
demand for the destruction of the English
fleet. And if the men who laid the foun
dations for Germany's greatness could be
given to hear, through the mould of the
grave, this same demand, how strange it
would sound to them. It would be as though
America should seek to defile and then
destroy the tomb and statues of Rochom
beau, the great French admiral whose ships
made possible the taking of Yorktown. The
British navy stands today just as it stood
that day of days when Queen Elizabeth and
her court looked down from the cliffs of
Dover and saw it 4 destroy the pover of
Spain that had gone down to the sea in
ships, as a bulwark of protection of right
from the power of unbridled might. And
not while a drop of fighting blood remains
unspilled in England. France or these
United States will the German decree of de
struction for this fleet stand. And, by the
way, if Germany wills the removal of the
English navies from the seas, why does she
not send her great fleet out from Wilhemns
haven and bring this thing to pass There
is nothing holding these German battle
ships within their harbors and under the
protection of their mines and shore bat
teries but fear.
An order by the Texas state food admin
istration has cut the retail sales of sugar to
two pounds to all persons living in town
and five pounds for country residents.
E4 By Gillen A . Giin.
man can oly speak of the things he i and devoted to the local Red Cross,
saw and not of those he did not see. ! Mrs. Proffit has also succeeded Jn get-
Ile will take a guiele next time. Hut
even if he is led by the hand to view
these wonders, yet will lie stiil
maintain that the vaudeville skit of
the white bulldog and the convict and
the duel between the big auto editor
land the little valve were equal to a:.y
! thing; ever seen in the fhiricchuas
I country and well worth a ninety miles
i trip to witness. . . .
A TRIP TO THE
walk and he did not miss that dance.
And the newsnaner man would not
CHIRICAHUAS have missed it, either, for a Kansas
, farm.
... , , Bulldog Was the Belle of the Ball.
"Why don't you go to the ( hiiicah-, Tne (aIK.e was ju ,h(1
uas." The question has beeii asked the . ,lf ho ,,..,, ..... h .
A Washington editor declares his only
peace terms with Germany as follows: "Try
the kaiaer and his oldest son by court mart
ial in Paris and guillotine them in execution
square."
newspaper man many times by many
pilgrims in the Warren district in the
past year. "If you go there you will
never care for Ramsey canyon in the
Haichucas any more." Well, the
newspaper man went. An he cares
more for the Huachucas than ever. Hu.
let us tell the tale in regular order.
Getting away to a flying start in
the flivver the newspaper man hit ev
ery bump in the Douglas road in duo
order. He took the automobile editor
along In order to help him with the
flivver, and he took his family along
in case he himself should need help.
But he found, to his sorrow, that the
automobile editor did not know any
thing, about flivvers, and his family
only helped him to spend his money
to buy food to satisfy ravenous appe
tites accumulated during the long
drive.
Now, every man. woman and child
in the Warren district had told the
newspaper man that it was just forty
miles from Douglas to Rodeo and just
ten miles further on to the famous
Cave Creek. Well, the first thine;
that greeted the newspaper man's eye
at the limits of Douglas was a big
sigh that declared it was fifty-three
miles to Rodeo. And that sign did
not lie. It is all of fifty-three. But
valley and mountain peak lor forty
miles around had sent its iunla. And
Jit was no common .ordinary, week day
dance, eitner, nut a masquerade, if you
please. Some mighty prerty voaiig
women graced this ball and many of
the couples danced exceedingly well
But a white bull dog, husky and bandy
legged and pink eyed, was the belle of
the ball. This dog was modest. He
did not butt in and carry off the lien
ors of his own initiative. Far from it.
The village cut up dragged him into
the festivities.
The village cut up came to -the ball
decked out in striped clothes as "Con
vict No. SfD." His die kick was at
tired as a railroad conductor, cap.
brass buttons and all. Well, these
two funny fellows cut all sorts of di
does for the delectation of the. dancers.
Tor instance, the convict, between the
dances, would take a fast running
start and slide about twenty feet along
the sanded fl6or like small boys do on
the ice. He was some little slider. 1y
Cobb's famous hook slide was cold
molasses compared to the speed of
Convict No. !'.il.
All went merry as a marriage bell
with these two Keystone comedians
until the convict began to enlarge the
scope of his comedy. In the midst ot
there va3 balm in Gilead, for the road ! one of his lightning slides he spied
is the best by far in this section of ! this white bull dog on the sidelines
the country. The flivver slipped along : and reached out with gay nonch..iance
that highway like a bird on the wing. ; and grasped the dog s starboard ear
It neither stopped nor stuttered any and carried him right along down the
where along the road to Rodeo. And course. Pleased w ith the success of
Cave Creek was as smooth as a silk
ribbon in a girl graduate's brown
hair.
But where was the creek The news
paper man steered that game, g.'and
little flivver up the canyon for five
miles, crossing a creek bed where no
road should ever be, three limes. In
quiry of a cowpuncher developed the
fact that this was the wonderful rave
Creek. Outside o the fact that there
was no water in it, it was a grand lit
tie creek. It flows no! it winds down
a canyon filled with beatiful trees and
walled by rocks that rise sheer for
hundreds of feet like the battlements
of some old Roman town. But the
newspaper mm missed that mountain
brook that fills lUmsey canyon wit ri
sighs and laughter and the endless
story of the year".
Of course, when the summer rains
come Cave CreeL will come into its
own again aad bring the same old joy
to the hearts of :he campers who com
there from the desert. But that brook
up iu Ramsey defies ihe drouth, the
desert and the devil's own dryness the
year 'round and never misses a note
from the same song that Soutney's- wa
ters sang when they come down at
Lodore.
Valve Trouble Came Like a Blight.
After a noble lunch and a grand
rest under the big trees the newspaper
man and his party started for town.
It was then, for the first time, that
things began to happen on this Quiet,
pleasant and unevenltul trip. Before
the fnvver had leaped a hundred yaiels
cn the return journey a puncture
pierced the pleasure of a ptri'ect day.
The automobile editor was about as
handy on the job of changing that
tire as a left-handed monkey-wrench.
But finally the change was nip.de. and
the auto editor turned out to be a bear
with the air pump.
But the valve in the new inner tube
would not work. The pump handle
rose up like a cat's back under sixty
pounds of air pressure from the tire.
Three times did the newspaper man.
the auto editor and the small boy take
County Briefs
SheriiT Guy Welch has notified Man
ager Peterson of the Peterson Grocerv
company of Johnson, that 1,44( has
been recovered from the hold-ups wiio
robbed bis store last week. The rob
bers are now confined in the county
jail awaiting the next term of the su
perior court when they will be tried.
I'lrich Reider has entered the list of
automobile owners. He has for over
twenty years made the trip from the
Chiricahuas and Cottonwood by team,
but the old method of locomotion is
too slow and he now makes record
time with the gasoline buggy.
Engineer Cy Perkins is getting
ready at the road camp to begin the
erection of the big Luton arch bridge
over Emerald Canyon just east ot
Tombstone. The grading crew Is get
ting well on toward the bridge site and
traific will soon be diverted that way
and long before the bridge is completed.
Postmaster Paul Smith of Tomb
stone has returned home from Pasa
tin;; t:ie sale of thrift stamps started.
The plan used was a very unique one.
She has fir'tv-four members in her Lib
erty club, the first step was the enter
ing of names on the "Victory roll.
For each member this step cost but a
penny which also is counted as initial
raynient towards a thrift stamp.
During the last two weeks over 8.000
head of cattle were shipped out from
Willcox and vicinity. Among the ship
pers were I). A. Adams, Lee Adams.
Johnson & Cook, John Gleeson. Monk
Brothers, Mrs. Thos. Richards. Frank
Mulklns. Hebert Kempton, Caleb Marti-?.
J. A. Smith, H. L. Johnson, Z.
fJctTwiler. O. McAda. E. G. Boyer. Ike
Price. Pace & Misenhimer. Coronadj
Cattle company. Jack Busenbark, H.
Christianson. J. T. Parks. Bert Smith.
Henry Smith. E. W. Knott. Wm. Whe
lan. R. A. Pride, Pete Mclaniels, Perry
Cummincs. Kennedy Bros., J. A.
Rorketellow, L. A. Hinchman, Andy
Mills, H. MEstes, J. H. Cosper, Frank
'vV'ooran. J. M. Collins. Webb & Boyl3.
Mr. Cowan, J. H. Glenn. F. A. Stead
man, Franl: Flanders, J. E. Speaks,
F. E. Glover.
Brief State Notes
Benton Pick, a Phoenix lawyer who
left there two months ago for the east
to join the colors, was not satisfied to
wait any longer for the promised com
mission, but decided to enlist as
a private.
I'nder the Smith-Hghes act passed
by the last session of congress a large
dena. Cal.. where he accompanied th9 su! f n'oney waJi allotted to the state
body of Mrs. A. Adamscn. which was of Arizona for the training of young
his exploit and intoxicated by the
handclapping and cheers of his audi
ence, the convict pranced gayly back
to his starting place for another slide.
Here he came like a Canadian ski
clown a cathedral roof. But the dog
did not wait for him. This dog was
sore. He was not playing on this stage.
He was out for revenge for Oat dis
jointed ear. Aud they mixed it in the
middle of the dance floor. Frr a 1110
nient all one could see was a whiiling
blurr of white dog and convict stripes.
And then out of it came the convict,
minus one leg of his trousers, and
skinned up one of the pillars in the
middle of the floor like a cat. The
conductor rushed in to his partner's j
assistance and the dog took him on
with glee. The dog's owner rescued
the conductor after ne had lost part of
his uniform and ail of his brass but
tons. And the dance went serenely on.
minue a convict and a conductor
among the gay masqueraders. "The
gay will laugh when we are gene and
each one as before will chase his fav
orite phantom," thought fully quoted
the newspaper man as he walked over
to his room to seek rest and sleep for
the long drive home.
The dance broke up at dawn aud
amid the ki yi ot the galloping cow
punchers and tho toot of the Stude
baker and Ford horns and the spitting
oxhaust of the gas pipes these ranch
ers and their dames and daughters
streamed away across the desert for
home. . . .
More Tire Trouble.
The next morning when I'm news
paper man came down stairs ha found
mine host of the inn on the front porch
iooking with thoughtful retrospection
at a flat tire on the flivver. More valve
trouble. The garage man's services
were enlisted and new valves were
placed in all the inner tubes, all punc
tures patched and the flivver's nose
pointed for Bishee. After about fifteen
miles of smooth sailing on the return
journey the auto editor suddenly 1.
caine possessed of a brilliant idea. "I
will pump up all the flat tires on the
cremated and the ashes thrown into
the Pacific ocean. This was her last
request and Mr. Smith saw that it
was carried out. She had no rela'ives
in this country.
Aitet Phillips is in the D .using jai
"' nrsed with cbtnining money under
false pretenses. F. F. Williams and
two otner smeltermen are the com
plaining witnesses. One hundred dol
lars is the amount involved, it is a
scrted fhat Phillips sold stock iu an
oil company with an expensive oil
drilling cutrit and thousands of acres
of land which never existed.
J. M. Mullen, an engineer at the C-
A. smelter at Douglas, will leave
this week for Washington, D. C. wherA
he will offer his services to the govern
ment as an engineer. Mr. Mullen is
long past the military service age. an 1
is now drawing a pension for service
In the Spanish-American war. but he
.has a desire to serve his country now,
and a commission has been offered
him by military authorities in Wash
ington.
stopped for the noonday ninii.
tires away and replace rheni with olh- ! right hand side mi the car." he said
er tires and pump them full of air. only t "and you pump up those that fail on
to be driven cuckoo by valves that
would vol hold that air.
Never had the newspaper man had
valve trouble before, it was too sub
tle and too deep for him. The auto
editor talked most learnedly about
magnetos and piston drives and bevel
ed gearing and aluminum frames and
one-man tops and demountable rims.
but his knowledge of valves was nix,
null and void. The newspaper i:;au
sailed an inner lube over a big pine
tree and cursed the man that invent
ed vaives. The sun sec am; itie twi
light began to drill down the big can
yon, throwing big shallows before, like
the mystery of death hiding the pain
to immortality. A wildcat stuck its
head out of a cave a half mile high in
the walls of rock and gave a yowl thai
made the newspaper man'sr hair raise
straight up. And the newspaper man's
wife gave an answering scream that
scared that wildcat siitt and it bark
cd back inlo that cave a mile ami a
half and will probably not dare lo
come out again for a week.
Fifteen miles from town and notluaj;
but valveless tires. It looked bail, Lul I re u nds it was a draw. Th uuio cilitor
just then came a good Samaritan who won in the sixth. But th: ue.vspane:
was camped near by with a flivver of man will always maintain ina' it was
his own and he produced a little box I his frightful language and not bis
of valves and titled one of them in j strength and skill th:.i finally cowed
a. tire and it worked like a charm. And ! the little valve into submission.
According Y a letter received today
b" .fames Marrs in Tombstone, .'ron.
Chas. Batclielder. himself and the hal
a nee rt :he Tombstone boys are in
New York waiting to be sent over
there to eet into the light. Batchelder
stated that himself and Allan Bene
dict, another Tombs'one boy. were
busy taking in the sights while in the
big "city, and expected to be shipped
tit any moment. They are probably on
their way now.
H.iTy T'irrer. livestock agent of the
Southern Pacific. ha3 been spending a
lew days Willcox straightening
out the car shortage. He reported
that 1.800 car loads of cattle have b"en
going out over the S. P.. being loaded
on the main line or aloiu the branches.
He says that the car shortage will now
he remedied end shipments will no
longer be held up oa that account.
William R. Shardley. oi the Douglas
Motor company, is in receipt of a
holograph of his son, Serjeant Frank
F. Shadley. who is in the army medi
cal corps;' stationed at Koos nelt dam.
The picture shows the young man fac
ini a wnshtuh on which is posted a
sign reading thus: -Wanted a Wife."
Young Hadley looks to be strong and
husky and he s:vs that he is ple.sed
with his duties.
The entire community of Pearce is
greatly grieved over the death from
pneumonia of Edgar A- Collins, for
merly general manager of the Com--
onvealth mine, which occurred at
his summer home in Ben Lomond, Cal.
He had returned from Siberia tnree
the left." This proposal the new son-1 weeks before with his family ana ex-
per man accepted in good faith. ' pected to resume his work th?re wnen
Eight miles out of Douglas a tire conditions became more settled,
went down. It was right side tire, and I " , .
the auto editor swung on Hi- pumii Fifty heifers were collect. by John
like a sailor on a sinking shio of lh"e'sn & (,,M)k- eattlemen They were
old days at sea. The flivver 'bounded I sold to W. W. Roach of Los Angeles,
forward inlo Dougias ami the party ! took twenty-hve and T X ln-
nlitip nt siiuttl II lltinti
j ((. ... ... . - -
sun's rays sro.rhed like a furnace, it ! twenn ' J ' V v
was the hottest day of the young sun.- j ?" 'hf"'- Th.:. is J?", ''V
mer. Two miles out of Douglas a tin ! "vrr ,h ' " ? "n.d. 'JT.T. t
C'ICn lie l lie I i "i
tstv intuit the loss as a donation to
died. It was a right side lire. '1 lie
auto editor said things that cannot be
repeated here and took his trusty
pump and climbed over the mudguard
aud went to work.
Three miles further on another right
side tire gave up the ghost an I again
the auto editor and his nump giitlercd
and swayed like a !ird on a bough
in t life burning rays of the summer
sun.
This tire lasted four miles and then
the valve went wrong, 'i lu b.'g auto
editor and the little vai-.e m. t in a
the loi-il Red Cross. Their cenerosnv
is anprec iated by thu people in this
section.
people in various trades, agriculture.
and heme economics; and. the state,
having appropriated an equal, sum. it
seems evident that much more atten
tion will be given to industrial educa
tion in the future than in the past.
Charged w-tth making disloyal re
marks. Gootfrled Vogel. proprietor of
i radiator repair shop in Phoenix, has
been arrested for violation of the ts
tionrse act. Vogel is alleged to have
said that Germany would win the war
and that it is foolish to attempt to
send ships of wheat across the sea.
as the transports will be torpedoed by
the submarines. He is also charee-l
with saying that President Wilson had
no business of getting into the war.
The women of the welfare commit
tee, of the Maricopa county council of
defense have organized a special com
mittee that provides automobile serv
ice for patriotic purposes, such as the
work of the Red Cross, investigation
' reports of necessity among soldiers"
dependents, recruiting duty by tna
representatives of the army and sneak
ing engagements iu parts of the coun
ty outside of Phoeuis. A machine al
ways is available for any such need,
usually driven by a woman.
J. II. Lang.ston, assistant United
States attorney, has returned to Phoe
nix from Globe, where federal court
has u3t adjourned until the third Mon
day in September. -Mr. Langston says
there will be a special session at Tuc
son June 24 aud a special session at
Pre3cott in August. The next regular
term of the federal court in Phoenix
will be in October. Mr. Lang-tun said
that owing to so many arrests likely
tor talking against the government, it
might be found advisable to have a
special session in Phoenix later on
this summer.
Jim Cullen. ."ormerly city marshal
and also sea'er of weights and treas
ures at Tucson, will receive his back
pay as sealer, under a decision by the
courts, following the passage of a res
olution yesterday at a meeting of the
Tuc son city council. The courts de
cl;vd that Cullen. under the law. was
entitled "to Jl.smi as city sealer, it
the rate of $900 a year, for the two
years he was in office. The city coun
cil effected r compromise by which
Mr. Cullen receives a city warrant tor
$l.St'0. good In December, bearing no
interest. The acceptance of the com
promise eliminated an appeal from the
decision of the court, planned by the
city.
Attcrmy William Condon of Tucson
has been advised, that his sister. MUs
Kate Condon, formerly a noted so
prano, but who oi late years has been
gradually retiring from the musu tl
world, has gone to France to sing for
the American soldiers. Mis Condon
will be remembered by musician and
music lovers as the successor of Jessie
Bartlett Davis in The Bostonians.
which made "Robin Hood" popular.
Recently MU. Condon appeared with
Sarah Bernhardt at a benefit perform
ance at New ork it y, at whic-u
M",iKi0 was raised for the relief of
Russian Jews. Her home is at Chi
cago, but she spends a great deal -.if
her time in New York.
Miss Hc'.e Brown, of IXv.ula. is in
TmnhKlone. the guest ot .Miss it.isi.- i
Top's. .Mis lirewn is a teacher in tne ireluht rates, claiming that tlie direc-
Tlie Arizona corporation commission
has'laken steps to. oppose the recent
order of Director General McAdoo raid
ing the intrastate passenger and
public schools of that city. She says
that while Tombstone has a better
r'imate than Douglas, has he'ter
water, more country roads and many
things that Douglas has not. yet she
feels that Dou-las oiisint to nave me
death grapple in the dust .if lint hlaz-j county seat. ou just can't please
ing roadway and for fivj lrriile
tiiese Douglas people, no matter now
hard you try. but we regret that we
can't even give them a little court
house just for the reason tl'.at we have
use for it here.
the newspaper man drove away, call
ing down biessings upon that Samari
tan's head.
A Game Cowpuncher.
And it was only a little while until
And Still They Rave.
And this is aliout all. cm ept that
when the newspaper man tries to tell
his friends in the Warren district that
he -till iik"s the Huachucas best, thev
the newspaper man had a chancfc to ! hoof lit him and ajuse him auu tell
play the good Samaritan himself. It is hii i he die r.ot go far enough up Cave
always so along the way of life. Here j Creek canyon to find the creekless
was a young cowpuncher standing by Have where the w iter f h " . 1'hey tell
I the road waiting lor some one to take 'him of womiro'vs plateaus cove red w.tli
him to Rodeo to the dance to he held! (treat pin.; trees; of sw liiiiiiil'g holes;
i that night. He was just It'll miles from j "I iteauliful vistas mil dec;), dark,
j low n and he was going to walk, "he velvet pools; cd glory spots am! Alad
' said, rather than miss that masquerade I'iin caves, all in the Ciiii ieahuas that
I ball. "My l.ot-e is played out " he j!i" i.-i-sed that dav I.,, si,.,. veil hts f)V
I t xpl.liueil. aud so it WJ5 up to lui' tM.vei six tuislrd miles ui Cave iieelv
Rchert Reeves. Sr.. brother of K.
H. Reeves. I'-e Tombstone feed and
fuel man. today received tlie good
news that his son, Ko'iert H Reeves:
J. .. and son -in -la v Ilarrv S. M I lus
kry. have both been conrnissin.ud
lieutenants in Vncle Sam's arm.
Young Reeves is at Camo Rantaur.
Yn., ai'C 's i lieutenant in the aviation
corps, mil has been flving fer montn-e.
tor general has overstepped his author-
it and infringed upon t'le rights thai
neton;; to the state. The action taken
by the commission is in the form o
an order to the Grand Canyon railroad,
calling attention to the new schedule
ol rates, niaele in accordance with in
structions from the direitor general,
whie-h states that in so riling them
without first receiving permission of
the state corporation commission it
has violated Ihe law. Th order of
the commission against the Grand Can
on railway applies to every other ra.l
way In the state as it concerns rates
trom point to point w ithin the state.
An tinolf icinl reception committee,
composed of relatives and Red Cross
workers, received the train loads of
troops which passed through Tucsori
yesterday. On several of the trains
were detachments of the 15Sth infan-
while young Me-rbi-key U at Camp j try from Camp Kearny. At lt:;4i a.
Lee, Vs.. and e li-' if nant ;-i the in- m.. Major M. G. Browne, who used to
fantrv. roth expect k 0 over :h ie I coiiimand Company K of the Ariont
;ln:ott an;" tune nuv. netional guard, arrived witii a party
j of oflle-ers. Major Browne inarched
' hal.' a elo.iMi companies to t'.ie military
1 pi ij for lituber'.ng up exercises Thev
i hau beeii on the road a U'tu time and
The pom-..--n,. ',- ml '"iii's- ;,!
rrty i-l':. i;:nl r the le r-hip "t ''
.1 T. Promt, reiioit- .i verv simts-i.i'i
walk it I wautcd lo dailce." He did uol cv.nyoii. Maybcs so. 'i'fcia ut.vsiu.pu' club festival dav. Over $1 was ru'l were somewhat crau:ped. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 16, 1918.
FIVE
Advertisements
Advertisements
Male Help Wanted
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. Schools, Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train for service. 208
WANTED Hoy for stock room. Ad
dress Box 547. Give lull particu-
lars.
1S2 i
WANTED
Experienced single man :
to work on ranch.
Royal Confection-;
ary.
' 220
LEARN actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio engineer
ing. Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, Lob Angeles. Catalog free.
230
. emaleJWpjW?1?,
.. .ZD A girl for general hoirse
.. . , "two in family. Mrs. R. C.
u.do. Phone 779. 243
GOVERNMENT NEEDS 20,000 WO
MEN CLERKS at Washington. Ex
aminations everywhere July 7. Ev
perience unnecessary, u omeu -j
ing government positions write l-ir
werience unnecessary. Women aesir-
free Darticulars to J. C. eonara,
(former Civil Service Examiner. i
1025 Kenois Bldg., Washington. 275
WANTED Ten bright, capable ladies
to travel, demonstrate and sell well
known goods to established dealers.
$25.00 to $50.00 per week; railroad
fare paid; weekly advance for travel
ing expenses. Address at once,
Goodrich Drug Company, Dept. 131.
Omaha, Nebr. 364
WANTED Girl to work in
fountain who speaks Spanish,
ren Drug store.
soda
War-
269
WANTED Competent girl for gen
eral b inteworn. Phone green 833.
684
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position by
nurse. Phone Blue 707.
experienced
229
For Sale
FOR SALE One 5-room bungalow atj
Warren. Box 3622, Low ell. Phone i
green 149. 132 !
FOR SALE Large 4-room house;
with glass porch; cement 'walk
around house. 41 O. K. street. 746
FOR SALE Two lots, house and ga
rage, Winwood addition. R. J.
' Brown. 12 J
FOR SALE Spaa large, young mules
F. W. Donnelley, at Warren School
Box 874, Warren. 167
We want to close out in side of 0
days. Please call in and see us.
New and Second Hand Furniture.
Chris Heikkinen, Furniture Sioit
Johnson Add. 2
SEED Choice, re-cleaned, dwarf Milo
maize, also clean chicken feed. Call
at the Bisbee Mill, back of Tomb
stone Canyon fire bouse, for inspec
tion and prices.
FOR SALE Furniture,
house; with privilege
of
of
3-room j
renting
house. Moon Canyon,
ier. Phone 638.
A. A. Clouth-
165
FOR SALE Ford touring car; cheap
Call or phone blue 588. 621
FOR SALE 1918 Liberty Six, run less
than a thousand miles; a bargain.
F. J. Keogk. Auto Upholstery ar.!;KOK RENT Housekeeping rooms.
rami snop, joweii. - i.
FOR SALE Furnished 7-room houue
in. Warren, all conveniences. larfje'pQjj RENT Two furnished rooms for
lot, close to car line and postoffice.
Price $2,875. Address E. J. Ale::!?,
Lowell. i'Ji
FOR SALE One 4-cylinder Henderson j
motorcycle in A-l condition. Reason-
able price. Slag Dump Garage. li6 !
FOR SALT
bargain. Rhodes.
-Piano, almost new, a rea
Phone Black 709.
G. O.
203
FOR SALE Belgian Hares, Ncwzea
land reds, does and small rabbits.
C. E. Lruliard, Naco Road. 642
FOR SALE Gossard Corsets, from $2
up. A!l corsets fitted. Ines Varbur
ton, over Independent Feed Store
I'ftone 841. 1S6
FOR SALE Miners Hotel, 14 rooms
barfcaii if taken at once. Must i
leave on account of sickness. Easv'j
terms. 193
PETEY DINK Many a Man
1
1 V -
t y " 1 vi
I
(I
C
if ''
.,'.-. i ,
'
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents
must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion In next morning s paper.
For Sale
FOR SALE Bungalow in Warren, s
......... . . nn.t nl.iAiiin rr Vl linilt.in
features. This bungalow is just be- ;
ing finished. Price $2,450, terms.
Inquire Phone Red 743. "55 .
FOR SALE Bargain. New ?00 ma-:
hogany Victrola for $40, including ;
records. Phone Red 425. 2S0
FOR SALE Soft drink stand. Can j
supply concentrated orangeade, sin-
gle pounds $3.50; give 6 pounds
$16.50. One pound makes 450 5-eertt
drinks. Send 10 cents for sample.
Box 236, Waco, Texas. 253
FOR SALE Latest model Chandler
car. Practically new. Bargain.
Mike Pintek, Barkerville. 256
FOR SALE A new tent 12x12, 12 oz.
duck. Phone Green 852, or 57 12
Brewery Gulch. 264
FOR SALE Two heavy oak office
chairs at a bargain. Apply Room
11, Sparks Clyne Bldg. 272
-0R SALEone silver Coon cornet,
$?5 wi geU or t30 Apply
Room 11, Sparks Clyne Bldg. 2.Z
FOR SALE OR RENT Furniture of
24 rooms. Star Rooming House, o;
poslte City Park, at Room 8. 273
For Rent
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
apartments. 189 Temby Ave., block
north High School. 163
FOR SALE AND RENT
i For Sale One 4-room and one 5-room
house, Warren.
For Sale One 5-room famished house,
near Central school, Bisbee.
For Rent One 3 room house, Tank
Hill.
One 5-room house. Tank Hill.
One 2-room house. Laundry Hill.
One 14-room rooming house, O. K.
StQ. H. IIOGAN, Real Estate
Below Copper Queen Hotel. 232
FOR SALE Five-room modern house,
Boulevard stop. Warren. Terms.
Phone Green 712. 231
FOR SALE Four-room house and
cabin; completely furnished. Van
Dyke St. Warren. C. A. Brandt. 238
FOR SALE Harley-Davidson motor
cycle, 1917model; practically new;
only been run short distance; in
good condition; cheap if taken at
once. Apply Hinkle Apartments,
lower floor between 5 and 8 p. m.
248
FOR RENT 4-room house; four rooms
FOR RENT Newly papered 2-room
apts. Large rooms, well furnished,
$13 to $20 month. Third house south
of church. South Bisbee. 172
FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms. 188 Naco Road. Cull
Blue 562. 173
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping. Apply James Riley,
114-A Higglns Hill. 171
FOR RENT Stoie room, with lar-je
basement. New I. O. O. F. building.
Apply Trustee E. A, Watkins, Secy.,
box 635. 12
FOR RENT Five room house; com
pletel furnished. No. 69, Mason
Hill 36
minutes from postoffice. 81 School I
Hm 227
liht housekeeping. 42
Jiggerville.
231
FOR RENT Two-room furnished
house. Mrs. Winwood, Winwood Ad
dition. 235
FOR RENT Two nice cool rooms for
light housekeeping. Cement
house back of El Paso house.
block !
230
iruis. ut,. i rour-room iurmsneu i
nouse. ot Montana street, Jonnson
i addition. 237
FOR RENT 4 room house, S3 Young-
blood Hill or Tafumany Hall. 1-7
FOR KENT Two furnished
for light housekeeping.
rooms
Lights. I
water and gas. 163 Opera Drive. 184 i
FOR SALE Thirty rabbits and hutch
es, $10. Phone 176, asking for Wil
son, after 7 p. m. 23
Has Been Caught Off His Guard and Floored.
ic - ' - t ,T-4iw.s A.a
CtTTIIJC ZOOUV
1 1 T-n rkU Ti
. IV. IT
-rr. --. .
Li
r. S v
- T..
it'
For Rent
RENT Two large, clean turn
ished rooms; with pantry and front
porch. 86 Upper Lowell. See Mrs.
Cunningham, at McWhorters, be-'
tween 12 and 4. 123
FOR RENT 4-rooms: furnished for
housekeeping; also two rooms for
housekeeping. 51 Jiggerville, closo
to C. Q. Machine Shops. No chil-
dren m
j
FOR
SALE Twenty brown Leghorn
chickens, 5 weeks old; 10 R. I. Red ;
hens, laying; glass fruit jars; Hot
Point iron and grill. Call 559. 223
FOR SALE Buick Big Six 7-passen-ger,
1915 model, in first class condi-
tiou. F. J. Keogh auto upholstery I
and paint shop, Lowell. 230 I
FOR RENT Two story building, with
laire basement, suitable for whole-
sale house or storage and warehouse i
business. In center of Blsbee ousi-
nes3 district. Rent reasonable,
ply Bisbee Daily Review.
Ap
642 FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping room, 23 Upper Lowell, in
quire 52 Upper Lowell. VT.
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished '
housekeeping rooms, lights and wa
ter furnished. 61 Walsh avenue. 280
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Very desirable rooms.
Allen Block. Apply to M. C. High.
136
FOR RENT Three clean, nicely furn
ished rooms, new house. 224 School
Hill. No children. Apply School Hill
grocery. 2SS
FOR RENT One large front room
furnished, lights, water and bath in
connection. Address 210 Tombstone
Canyon. 199
FOR RENT Furnished room; close
in; outside entrance. Phone Black
709. 201
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. 49 O. K. street. 202
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
with large screened porch and wa
ter. J. E. Cain, Metz Stop. 20C
FOR RENT Good clean single rooms
Good beds, $5 month. Third house
south of church, South Bisbee, close
to mines. 172
FOR RENT Bisbee Hotel, Furnished
rooms wittf running water. 352
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished
$2 00 per week and up.
370
FOR RENT Two cool, furnished
rooms., with large screen porch. No
small children. 101 Higgins Hill.
99
Miscellaneous
MADAME J. REA KEYS, St. Regis ho
tel, Lowell, Ariz. Phone 62. Clair
voyant and crystal reader. Dead
trance spirit medium, born with a
double veil, without asking questions
gives you dates, facts and figures,
and will read your entire life. 535
CATTLE RANGE I know of a rang"
in the desert part of this state that
will support 1,500 head of cattle by
drilling deep w?l!s. Want to interest
parties who have the money to de
velop and stock this range. Will con- J
sider any kind of fair deal. I. R
Holt, General Delivery, Bisbee, Ari
zona. 254
. ..,, . . :
RAMSEY CANYON Big Dance, June
22, 1918.
Good music and good time
assured.
Everybody invited.
Money to Loan
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
2. Lyric Theatre building. 166
Lost
r qST
Row glasses in c ase within two
blocks of end of Tombstone Canyon
car. Phone Blue 631. 1'r"
Salesmen
Mi.r.MiAR i apamc specially man
for Arizona. Staple line" on NEW
and EXCEPTIONAL terms. Vacancy
now. Attractive commission con
tract. ?35 weeklv for exprmu s. Gil-
lett, 724 Carlin Bldg., Cleveland. ).
230
L0O'
Flwia tr
Took v,ot
Vc'ORK UT
VvlC- CL
I I - MV '
y
?ftVsrV f - vT 1 XI
-iK'-rt0 J'-'. ' JJ.V. " lit
vx-.' --41'
-1 --. . :
13
JjVanted
WANTED Sewing by the day.
825. Mrs. McQuade.
Call
9S8
WANTED Small furnished house
with screen sleeping porch. No
children. Close in. Warren, Box
985. 270
j WANTED to sell one good 50 pound
refrigerator. 67 Upper Lowell. 223
i
: OLD CLOTHES bought. Phone 739.
3aJ
-
Agents
AMERICA AND THE GREAT WAR
Greatest seller m years. Every
American wants it. Lavishly illus
trated. Low price. We will pay you
$223 to distribute it. Sample free,
international Press, Philadelphia.
AKTICLES OK INCORPORATION OF
INUKin Hunt LCAdinu
COMPANY
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE
PRESENTS: That we whose hands
are affixed hereunto, being desirous ol
organizing a corporation under the
laws of the State of Arizona, for the
lawful enterprise, business and occn
nation hereinatter mentioned, nave
this day associated ourselves together
into a body corporate, and do here
by make, bign, acknowledge and adopt
the following Articles ot Incorpora
tion. Article I.
The names of the Incorporators of
this Corporation are J. P. Connolly
whose residence and postoffice ad
dress is Bisbee, Arizona; F. D. Hub-
bell, whose residence and postoffice
address is Douglas, Arizona; Frank J
Holmes, whoso residence and postof
fice address is Douglas, Arizona; Hart-
well Nowell, whose residence and post
office address is Bisbee, Arizona; P.
H. Fitzpatrick, whose residence and
postoffice address is Bisbee, Arizona;
and W. S. Gilmore, whose residence
and postoffice address is Boston, Mas
sachusetts.
The name of this Corporation, and
by which it shall be authorized to
transact business is, and shall be,
NORTH TIGRE LEASING COMPANY
Article II
The principal place of transacting
the business of the Corporation shall
be in the City of Bisbee, County of Co
chise, State of Arizona, but branch of
fices may be kept and maintained at
such other places, either in the United
States of America, or in the Republic
of Mexico, as the Directors may do
term in e.
Article III.
The time of the commencement of
this Corporation shall be the date of
the issuance by the Arizona Corpora
tion Commission ot a Certificate of In
corporation to this Corporation and
the termination thereof shall be twenty-five
(23) years thereafter.
Article IV,
The general nature of the business
proposed to be transacted by the Cor
poration is as follows, to-wit: to pur
chase, locate, lease, bond or other
wise, acquire, own, exchange, sell,
mortgage, lease or otherwise dispose
of mines, mining claims, mineral lands,
real estate, timber lands, water, water
rights and oil lands, and to use, work,
mine, operate, explore and develop the
same; to purchase, lease, erect, own
equip and operate stamp or other mills,
concentrators, crushers, smelters and
all other kind of reduction works; to
buy, own, sell, exchange and de-1 iu
ores, sand, gravel, lumber and all
kinds cf goods, and mcrcliandi.se; to
own, conduct and lease supply houses,
stores, restaurants, hotels, and board
ins hoi-;es, and to do a general mer
cantile, manufacturing and mining
business; to buy, contract, main
tain, lease and operate telegraph
and telephone lines, canals, roads,
ditches, flumes, pipe'tiacs, and
reservoirs; to borrow money and to
give notes and bonds therefor and to
secure the same by mortgage or trust
deed upon any of the property of this
corporation; also to purchase, acquire,
own, sell, pledge or otherwise dispose
ot the stock of this corporation, as well
as the stock and bonds of other cor
porations, and to do and perform all
things necessary to properly and fully
carry out the objects aforesaid within
the United States of America and the
Republic of Mexico.
Artie's V.
The authorized amount of the caui
tat slock of this corporation shall be
One Hundred and Einhty-soven Thou
sand, Five H'.indrnd Dollars, ($187,
j500), divided into Seven Hundred and
Fifty Thousand (750,000) shares of the
Wi'l
r,i-'7Y'Vl.ACc IS LOCK
tfT IUel
fPBTiiiu-
op harp
PRETTY -SOOU
TsE ori .
E! cou.Ck-T (z)
Uy Its VEW j-
I I 1 VI . I I I I . V 1 T I. A '
M M IV AiiliTic 1
par value of Twenty-five (23c) cents
each, which stock may be issued in ex- j
I change lor money, property, services,
or the stock of other corporations, at)
such times and upun sutu terms and!
! conditions as the board ot Uneclors
may determine, and the capital stocs:
when so issued shall thereupon and
thereby be and become fully paid and
non-assessable, the judgment of the Di
rectors as to the value of the property
purchased and the services rendered
shall be conclusive.
Article VI.
The business atlalrs of this corpora
tion shall be condjeted by a Boaid ot ,
Directors, consisting of not less tlian
five (5) nor more man seven (J) mem
bers, each of w hom shall be a stock- '
holder of this corporation. All Di-!
rectors shall be elected annually at I
the regular annual meeting ot the i
stockholders ot this corporation,!
which shall be held on the rust day ol !
June in each year hereatier, and tney j
shall hold their offices until tueir sue- j
cessors are elected and qualiUed. j
Any vacancy in the Board ot Di
rectors may be Iiueu 14 tne reaiaiu
ine members of tne Board by appoint
ment from among tne stockholders, '
and such appointment shall be lor the !
nnovniro,! tfrni for winch the aouoint-
ment is made. . i
The Board of Directors shall have!
hn M-ir ti mlmtt liv.l:tUK ami to I
IUC 1 " " 1 -
amend ana repeal me same; 10 ueuuu
the duties of the otticers, agents an-i
clerks of this corporation, and to ma,
all rules and regulations teemed ncces- j
sary and proper for the management
ry and proper for the management
the affairs of the business of this I
rporation.
'lhe following persons shall cor..;tl-;
of
corporation
lute the first Board of Directors of j
tors ot I
y, J. P. ;
this cornoration: Jas. P. Harvey, J. 1 . i
Connolly, F. D. Huubell, Hartwell No- j
... '
well, Frank J. Holmes, 1. 11. Mtzpat-j
rick and W. S. Gilmore, and they shall j
hold their offices until the annual
meeting of the stockholders of this cor j
poration, to be heid on the First day ,
of June. 1919. !
A majority of the Directors shall i
constitute a quorum for tho transac-
tiou o" business at any of their meet-;
ings, and said Directors may hold their j
first meeting at any time after the i
commencement of this Corporation. i
The officers ot this Corporation shall
be a President, Vice-President, Secre-1
vary anu lreasuier, aim sucu oiuui ui- ;
ficers as the Board of Directors shall
from time to time determine upon,
and such officers may be elected by i
the Board of Directors at their first
meeting to serve for the ensuing year; ,
tne oitices 01 secretary anu .treasurer ,
may be held by the same person. I
Article VII.
The highest ;iiount of indebtedness
or liability, direct or contingant, to j
which this corporation shall at any
time subject itself, shall bo One Hun-
dred and Twenty-five Thousand ($125,-land
000 ) Dollars.
Article VIII.
The private property of the stock- i
holders ot this corporation shall be
forever exempt from its corpoiute
debts of every nature whatsoever. 1
Article IX. ' ;
These Articles of Incorporation may same lur me puiiioScs auu consiuera
be changed or amended at anv regular ! t.cn therein expressed,
meeting of the stockholders, or any j Given under my hand and seal of ol
spocial meeting thereof cahed lor that ! Hce this 31 ujv -t May, A. D., 191S.
purpose, by an affirmative vote of a' E. DLGAN,
majority of the stock then issued, pro-1 Notary Tubiic, Cochise County, Ari
vided at least thirtv (30 tiavs notice 1 zona.
in writing of such proposed ameml-1 My Commission expires Feb. 16th,
ment to the Articles of Incorporation j 1920. (Notarial Seal
shall be given to the stockholders of j Filed in the ofiiee of the ARIZONA
this Corporation. CORPORATION COMMISSION this 3
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have , day of JUNE, A. D., 191S, at l');00 a.
hereunto set our hands and seals this ' m., at reqj st of Mcr AKLAND &
Thirtj-first day of May. A. D.,191S. iSAMES, whoso postoffice address is
F. D. HUBBELL,
FRANK J. HOLMES,
(seal) W. S. GILMORE,
P. H. FITZPATRICK, '
J. P. CONNOLLY, !
HARTWELL NOWELL. i -
STATE OF ARIZONA, COUNTY OF! IN THE SUPERIOR COURT O.
COCHISE, ss. ; CCCHiSt- COUNTY. STATE OF
Before me. Viva L. Johnson, a No- ARIZONA,
tary Public, in and for the County of ; In the Hatter of the Estate of Daniel
Cochise, State of Arizona, on this d:v ' liauley. Deceased,
personally appeared F. D. Hubbeli, i NOTR E OF HEALING PETI'i ION.
Frank J. lioimcs and W. S. Gilmore.; Notice is iicreuy gi.'en that Annie
known to me to be the persons whose Ilanlty has liiod m it is Court a cer
names are subscribed to the foregoing tain document purporting to be .ho
instru'iient, and separately ackjiow 1-.' ilanley togcilKT v,rth his petition
edged to me that they executed the ; praying thai, l aid document be ad.nU
same for tho purposes and considera- led to probate in tins Cou.i ; the
lions therein expressed. last Wiii and Testament o. said Duuicl
Given under my hand and seal of ! Ilanley who, sad petitioner alleges, is
office this 31st day of May, A. D., 191S. : deceased, and that letter tes.amen
VIVA L. JOHNSON, ' tary issue thereon to .iaiu petitioner,
Notary Public, in and for the County 1 and that same v. ill be heard on atur-
of Cochise. State of Arizona.
My Commission expires Nov. 30
1921. (Notarial -m-I
STATE OF ARIZONA, COUNTY OF
COCHISE, ss.
Before me, II. K. Hugan, a Notary ; State of.Anzcna, and all persons liuei
Public, in and for the County ot Civ , esicd in said e.-,t.iie are loliuc-d men
ehise., State of Arizona, on thi:; d..y
personally ;ipp-;tr"f, J. P. Connolly,1
Hartwell Nowell and P. II. Fitzpatrick, i
known to me to be the persons who.;'; ;
itimcs arc subscribed to the foregoing :
instrument, and separately ackuowl--
.Mlgcd to me that they executed the
rmrn
r . 1
1,. 11. . 1 . 1 ii 1
r if Tht sam- A- )
V V DO f-CZOOT J
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the easentlal j
facts of cacii, their meeting nights, th-ir officers and the place of gather- j
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
CALEDONIAN SOCIETY
meets first and
third Thursdays
of each month in
Methodist Hall,
School Hill. Na
tives and de
s c n d a nts of
of Scotland cordi
1 j.. ' '.i
i.
ally invited.
THUS. ML' AT. Pro iiient. box 13G.
M. MAINLAND, Secretary.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
ni.nh. Moose Hall.
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
it. 1. GLEASON,
Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secy.
'
LOYAL ORANGE
INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES Of AMERICA,
DREADNAUGHT.
L. C, L- NO. 210.
meets la L O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
v -
MONDAY at
A'd i i fA n ,n
Jfi yVt-Vj
(TNfc Vi8)ti
tjKV 0 ers
p. m.
Visiting broth-
cordially
,sS
VvVW- Invited to at-
"W--'. lena.
Wm. T. SMITHAN, W. .M
. 1. 1 - r t ni'niil'a
ROBLRT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at uaa
Fellows' hall. Visiting Archers are
cora!ly Invitee'.
c c ."inlaYSON, Fto.-iiiau
p q 0X i$6.
., ' ST,Wrw rorrPSn.indent.
Box 149..
.,--, LODGE NO
-
10, I. O. O. F
meets ever)
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall,
Mam street at 7;,j o'clock. VisitiPA
Droler3 coraially invited to atteau.
nh0-a 1 19
H. li. TAYLOR, iS. U.
CAUL V. NLLSON. Secretary
; PYTHIAN SISTERS
j Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
4th Thursuay evening of each
1 month at Odd Fellows HaLL Visiting
sisters are cordially lnvuea
MINNIE BLUM. M. E. C.
fuoao tnca oai.
IDA G 0. it.
Box 1475
DOUGLAS. AKI.O.NA.
ARIZONA I ORPORATION
COMMISSION
By F. A. JONES.
Chair ma n.
'day, the 2Hth day 01 June, a. u., uia.
' at 10:00 o'clock in tio .oreuooa n
Laid day -at the four; 10t.n1 or said
Court, in the Court House, in the City
ol
Tombstone, County of Cochise,
and tin re to appear and thow cause, it
airy they have, why ui-j praer of said
petitioner shouM not be granted,
s J. E. JAMES,
JAS. A. IVEY, ClerK.
Deputy Clerk.
Dated June 12, 1.1S. 20i
AKiO A3
i Co,ltLl.; At
1 -
I ' The. Wa'.s
L,
r
S V I
c 2 v
C
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERt
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets In Medigorlc
Hall every Tuesday
night. Visiting brother
welcome.
S. F. BENTON. Councillor.
J. I BENTON'. Recording Secretar.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10.
K-ights ot Pythias,
meets each Thursdar
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:3
p. m. Vi3iting brotar
cordially Invited.
LEON H. RICE, C, &
FARL SOBLEY. K. of R-
-r-"-7,r: f- -s-j-iT.- oii
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JA. ALLISON, Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. F.
Hall. 7:30 p. in. Visiting members art
cordially invited. -
ARNOLD SCHMID. President,
P. O. Box 34S3. Lowell. Ar:x.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary. LowelL
E. L2NDQUIST. Financial Secretary.
P. O. Box 3246, LowelL
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 4. will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy NaU.
F. C. SAX3Y, C. C;
O. B. THOMAS. Clera.
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in ilaioaic Hal'.
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, mwiui
in Masonic Hall second anv
fourth Tuesday of aci
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRs. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43, Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Secy. P. O.
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Coin-
Phone 1G1.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175. F. G. E meet.
;lrst and third TUESDAYS. 8 p. a
Eagle- HalL Visitors cordially wet
come. J. F. WILMOTH. President
F. C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
C. tj. EDMONDSON. Aerie Physical
FRATERNAL.
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
)jf Bisbee Lodee No.
iuVr.-: 'a'
meets me -(,
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 a: Medigo
vich HalL Visit
ing members cordially Invited.
B. F. MOSS. Presideut
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. TeL 236. Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Box 1621.
MO-ERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows' Halt
R. L. MOTZ, Consul
H. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
- - ,! -Htci
WEEK E;..tl'C I . Mi '.'".'. 91S.
Mouday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
V. W. CIPLliY. W. M.
U. T. WATKINS. Sery. F. & A. M.
j. W. TOLAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary CounciL
Bv C A. VOIGHT
VOU VI ERE .
t lYl. 'JC. L
to - TUtx
v
WW
W Hf TB'-iSiJ
3ff
73
. -On I
vy
W.?.-V'.'-'?M V'- 7y "f Ton
SIX
AMERICANS
FIND
r
MICH COMFORT 111
CROSS ROOMS
RED
XI7V YORK, June 13. Glimpses
into the railroad rest-stations for Am
erican troops in France established by
the American Red Cross and a reflec
tion of some of the happiness of t.'ie
soldiers served in those stations are
piven in letters received here from
the Red Cross agents in France.
"Geo, thi3 looks almost like home,"
is the common expression of the travel
wearied so'diers as they settle down
and relax -in some prettv rest station
where they have obtained a hot show
er bath, and a good meal after hours
of journeying in crowded trains. These
paces seem more like home to the sol
diers because they are waited upon by
American pirls. Here they often
pause to wr'te a letter home to moth
er or sweetheart as well as to enjoy
milk, butter, jams, puddings and des
erts "iust like those mother used to
make."
One of the most interesting letters
ocraes to the Red Cross from Mrs.
Belmont Tiffany, a New York social
leader who has been engaged in the
organization of these railway rest-sta-1
tions, which is distinct from the Red
Cress work for civilian relief in !
France.
"I started in a rest-station at B
which consists of an infirmary of ten
beds, a canteen, recreation room, res
taurant and splendid hot shower baths
and fumaeating plant," wrote Mrs. I
Tiffany. "The men here were of the
Sienal Corps, the Bell Telephone men,
laying American telephone wires
through France. They were a splen
did lot and. though they have dug
post-holes till their backs were lame,
they always come to play the piano
and sing and write their letters in
the evenings. Because they believe
rightly that a rest-station must be
homelike, cheerful and restful, the
Construction Department built charm
ing brick buildings with well plastered
walls and ceilings and I was allowed ,
to decorate and furnish them as a j
thoueht best.
"If the women at home, and the men I
too, could' see how their boys appre-1
ciate it all. how they love the cleanli-1
ness and the color and the gaiety, how ;
glad they are for every 'pretty' thing ;
you do for t.hem, if vou could see their !
poor tired faces relax when they set- j
tie down you would realize what this j
side of it means. War is such an ug- j
ly thing, such a dirty, sordid thing; at
best there are so many hateful unac-
customed things our men here have to
them
color
do that at least we ran give
warmth and cleanliness and
wherever we can.
"Picture to yourself fifty dirty, tired
men falling out of a cattle train where
they have been cooped up two or three
days with a detachment of mules, eat
ing and sleeping with them. They
have a couple of hours to wait, so they
take a hot shower with plenty of soap
and towels given to them and then
have a good meal, waited upon by
such cheerful, kindly American girls,
nlay the piano a bit, write a letter
home and go. Those people who have
given us the money to do this with i
would be so very glad, so very grate
ful if they onlv could see!
"About the letter writing, by the
way. the lieutenant of the Signal
Corps came to me and said: 'Mrs.
Tiffany. I have a grudge against you.
I have to censor all our mail and the
men's letters home have more than
trebled since you opened the recrea
tion room.' I believe If I do nothing
else in France I shall be glad of that;
you see. I know what it means when
I see my boy's writing.
"The whole rest-station when fur
nished, is extremely efficient and most
attractive. The infirmary is so fresh
and clean with its whitte enamel paint
and muslin curtains: the other rooms
are as gay and bright and full of color
as paint and curtains and plants and
flowers can make them. There are
such good beds and mattresses in the
dormitorv, such warm fires on cold
days, such quantities of electric lights.!
and tables for writing with unlimited
stationary, games, playing cards and
newspapers and magazines of all
kinds.
"In the canteen proper, the girls in
their blue and white uniforms look so
nice and the food is bo good. You
can't think what it means to them
When they have money they pav a
nominal price: simoly to keep them
out of mischief really four cents for
a huge cup of coffee or cocoa and cor
responding prices for everything else.
"I have arranged for an unlimitted
supply of the best fresh milk, butter,
jams, syruns and puddings and des
serts and I must say they are more
than popular. One big fair boy at
B drank four cups of milk one af
ter the other, and I may tell you that
three of our cuds make a quart, and
when he was finished he beguilingly
said: "I wish Mama could have seen
me do that,' and I wished she could
too.
"The shower baths are as popular as
the canteen or the recreation room
and there are always men In the dor
mitory and ill boys in the Infirmary.
T'p to now it has seen a boy coming
down with, mumps, or pneumonia or
grippe, but never any wounded are
coming back."
The Ray Consolidated Copper com
pany reports for the auarter ended
March 31. 191 S. net profits of $1,025,
2."56. against J2.547.541 In the preceding
quarter. The gross production of coo
per contained in concentrates was 20,
522.rr8 nounds. an averaee monthly
production of 6.M0.853 pounds, against
21.071.874 pounds In the previous
ouarter. on nn average monthly pro
duction of 7.023.958 pounds.
In the record time of two minutes
and thfrtv-five seconds, the federal
jury convicted Thomas Martinez, Mex
ican, of violating the espionage act at
Tucson.
What the "Home" Should
Mean to Your Family
The home, for a woman, is the one
place of greatest importance. It is the
center of her cUilv routine. Die home
for a man is the haven to which he
turns for relief from daily toil. The
home for the children forms the key
note in the development of their, tastes
and has much to do in influencing their
characters. To them it is a place in
which to eat and sleep, or it is a place to
love and long for.
The'SecretJof
Good Cooking
It's the Long Blue Chimney oil
stove !
The Long Blue Chimney makes the
New Perfection Oil Cook Stove known
to more than 2,500,000 American
housewives as the stove of steady habits.
No soot; no odors. Food cooked
deliciously, on time, without drudgery.
The New Perfection cooks fast or
slow as you like. The different oil cook
stove.
The reversible glass reservoir, a new
and exclusive feature, makes it better
than ever before. -
'Th Home mB0
Harmony and Good Taste
In Home Furnishing
A well furnished heme does not re
quire ELABORATE furnishings, but it
does require HARMONY and good
taste. Rugs, draperies and wall cover
ings should harmonize to give peace and
pleasure to the mind.
We are prepared to assist you great
ly in planning and obtaining such a
home that will express your individual
ity without sacrificing the comfort and
"homeliness" of its interior.
I k 111
Cookatoro No. S3
With Cabinet & Orea
The care we use in buying furniture is re fleeted in each piece on our second floor.
Only the best makes are represented here, assuring you the finest wood workmanship
and finish possible at a given price. It is our ambition to have Phelps Podge Mercan
tile Co.'s furniture in every home in this district, and by our easy payment plan we hope
to accomplish our ambition.
Perhaps it is not necessary to remind you that the earlier you make your selection
the better. j
A Word About Home Preparedness
I Of what should home preparedness consist? The heme should be prepared in every possible detail to
bring rest and comfort and pleasure to its owners. It should be the best place in the world for husband, son
and daughter to come to and a convenient and comfortable place for mother to dwell in during the day. It
should breathe sunshine and cheerfulness it should combine restfulness w;th jcyousness beauty and comfort.
And the home that isn't carefully planned and maintained fails to accomplish this, the highest ideal and finest
ambition of every true American Home Maker.
Present the June Bride With Beautiful Cut Glass
We point with pride to
our splendid variety, rich
in beauty, yet moderate in
price.
The quality, the artistic
cutting and design are cer
tain to win the approval
of all who see it.
Any bride would be
proud to be presented
with a beautiful piece of
cut glass on her wedding
day. .Every piece we
show rings as clear as a
bell. Make yur selection
now.
1HOOSI
A KITCHEN CABINETS
One Dollar Down and One Dollar Each Week
J1
Summer Delicacies
Fresh from the frigid-cold interior of
a'solid one-piece porcelain food compart
ment where food is kept pure, clean,
wholesome is what is assured when
you own one of these.
REFRIGERATORS
Saves" ice; prevents food-spoilage;
affords all the conveniences of the latest
and best ideas in refrigerator construc
tion. You can wash it like a clean China dish; no
lodging place for greases or germ3 absolute un
scratcbahle lining. Ask to see the new Lock, ami
the improved construction of the food chamber.
The porcelain lining covers the door frame. Noth
ing else like it in the market. Come today.
I'll
Some Very Beautiful Afternoon
Dresses for Women, One-Fourth Off
Women are busily attending to our war work and find they
have need for new clothes for their unusual work. When the
day's duties are over, they take delightful relief in wearing frocks
of charming femininity. Simple as they are these Dresses .of
Today they are full of distinction and winsomness. They are
in all the best summer styles and shades; the materials are all
wool serges, wool poplin, delki, poriet twill, silvertone, velour,
tricotine, wool jersey, Fisher-Kennedy tweed, taffeta silk, faille
silk, Roshanara crepe, silk poplin, satin and crepe de chine. Make
your selection now, while the- range is complete.
$18.50 Suit, special $13.95
$26.50 Suit, special $19.95
$32.50 Suit, special $24.00
$35.00 Suit, special $26.25
$40.00 Suit, special $29.95
$43.50 Suit, special $32.75
$46.50 Suit, special $34.75
$52.00 Suit, special $39.00
$59.00 Suit, special $44.25
$63.00 Suit, special $47.75
$69.50 Suit, special $25.25
$85.00.Suit, special $63.75
' The New Sport Sleeveless Coats
These Sleeveless Sport Coats will prove among the most styl
ish and indispensable of summer wardrobe essentials for all young
women who delight in dressy garments. They may be selected
here from an alluring array of colors, which will accentuate the
attractiveness of the separate skirts and blouses, in fibre silk,
$10.95 to $20.00
I
I
Children's and Misses' White Frocks
Children's and Misses White Organdie, Voile and
Net Dresses, in a wonderfully complete showing of the
latest styles, trimmed with laces, ribbon sashes, in belero
and peplum effects, in sizes 2 to 19 years, at $5.50 to
$25.00.
Attractive Lingerie Blouses
$1.95 to $7.50
Those sheer delightful
qualities of FRENCH
VOILES, BATISTE and
ORGANDIES that add so
much to the freshness of
i the summer costume, are
offered here in this special
array in the choicest of the
season's styles.
You will desire to pur
chase more than one, at
such exceptional pricing
as $1.95 to $7.50.
The Most Stylish Summer
Suits for Women at One-Fourth OIF
In the season when suits queen it over all other apparel fash
ions, there is nothing of quite so much importance as that the
suit you wear must be correct in every detail. The showing we
are making of summer suits at special pricing presents an oppor
tunity that prevents any possibility of choosing other than right.
Crepe de chine, foulard, chiffon, taffeta, Georgette crepe, wool
jersey, coronations of Georgette and taffetas, indestructable
silk printed voils, etc., in all the most wanted shades and styles'
for summer afternoon wear.
The Boys "Over There" Expect You
to Do Your Share
If you cannot fight, you can loan
your money to the government. Buy
War Savings Stamps. The govern
ment has made this easy.
$16.00 Dress, special ....$12.25
$19.50 Dress, special ....$14.85
$25.00 Dress, special ....$18.25
$29.50 Dress, special ....$22.25
$30.00 Dress, special ....$22.50
$32.50 Dress, special ....$24.50
$36.50 Dress, special ....$27.50
$39.50 Dress, special ... $29.75
$43.50 Dress, special ....$32.50
$51.00 Dress, special .. .$38.25
$56.50 Dress, special ....$42.35
$82.50 Dress, special .. .$61.95
Women's Summer Dresses $9.50 to $35
Surely the designers have taken peculiar pleasure work
ing in this soft fabric all the dresses of them are so smart
and full of interest, and at the same time so simple. There
are fine French voiles in floral, figured, dots, stripe, checks
and plain white, with embroidered figures, others of organdie
combinations, while others are of tissue ginghams, lace beads
and embroidery trimmings are shown, sizes are 1 6 years to
size 42, priced at $9.50 to $35.00
Monday Bargain Booth Special
Sale of Summer Knit Undenvear
This knit underwear for the summer season comes from Amer
ica's foremost knitting mills, and are most excellent undergar
ments, in the point of fine yarns, good fitting characteristics, cor
rect shaping and excellent wearing and service features.
We know of no better knit underwear anywhere for warm
weather wear at these special prices.
Women's light-weight Lisle thread Union C" K
suits, low necks, no sleeves, knee lengths, lace Pj"J
trimmed, a regular $2 value. Monday special .
Women's light-weight Summer Union Suits, low necks,
no sleeves, tight knee, a regular $50c value, special
at 35c a suit or 3 suits for $1.00
Women's Summer Kbit Panto, tight band, tight knee
and lace knee, 35c each or 3gfor $1.00
Women's Summer Weight Vests, special, each at ....15c
Women's Summer Weight Vests, comfy cut at 25c and
50c (worth double).
Scotch Gingham Dresses $5.95 to $15.00
Here is a most excellent opportunity for women folk to
procure inexpensive gingham dresses for summer wear that
are out of the ordinary for looks and quality, in handsome
large and small stripes and checks, they are trimmed with
fancy shawl collars of batiste, pique and linens. The sizes
are 1 5 years to 44 bust, priced at $5.95 to $15.00.
Children's Summer
Weight Vests and Pants
with tight knee and lace
trimmed, our regular
35c seller, special at
23c each.
Children's Summer
Weight Union Suits,
with tight knee, low
necks, no sleeves. 75c
volue, special at 50c.
Buy War Savings Stamps Dorit Fail to See Our Window Display of Summer Furniture Buy War Savings Stamps THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 16, 1918.
SEVEN
YANKEES DEFEAT
GERMAN RAID 111
TMACOURT LINE
Meet Party of 150 Men and
Three Officers With Dead
iy Fire; Drive off Hun In
Hand to Hand Conflict
(By Review Leased Wire)
WITH THE AMERICAN Alt MY IN
FRANCE, June 15 (Ey The Associated
Ptf.-.). A German raiding party of
' rrvi and three officers attacked
i .. orican line south of Thiacourt
at 2 o'clack this morning. As a result
mi lemy lost at least twenty killed,
cl whom one officer and four men died
in the trenches. American casualties
were light and they took one wounded
prisoner.
One American is missing as a result
of the raid.
There has been little infantry action
since the American entered this sec
tor but the usual artillery fire has oc
curred. The trenches wind up and
down high ridges and between tha
valleys .in this region.
Heavy Artillery Fire
The attack was preceded by heavy
artillery preparation during which the
rear line an dvilalges in the back area
v also were sheleld. The Germans were
v armed with pistols, rifles and grenades.
Some of them also were equipped with
light machine guns which sprayed the
American communication trenches as
the Germans approached behind a box
barrage.
The Americans replied with a hot
rifle and machine gun fire and acid
the enemy in the front line, excepting
in isolated instances.
Someo f the Germans attempted to
proceed toward the- American rear
lines in search of prisoner and were
driven back or killed in close quarters
fighting.
Refuses to Surrender .
One American, when surrounded by
a German officer and five privates, re
fused to surrender. Instead he threw
a bomb which killed the officer and
wounded the others of the enemy
party.
Accordting to the wounded prisoner
who was taken, the raiding party be
longed to the 104tU crown prince regi
ment of the , 40th division. He aaia
the division arrived on this front from
Russia, April 1.
A sudden outbursto f shells came
from the German guns three hours
after the raid. This artillery attack
was not followed by infantry action.
BOMB GERMAN STATION
WASHINGTON, June 15. The suc
cessful bombing by American aviators
of "a station and railroad tracks in an
unnamed town behind the German line
-was reported in General Pershl'ig'a
comtirtinique tonight. A number of di
. rect hits were made and nil the Amer
ican machines returned.
Aside from patrol work there was
f no marked activity on the fronts de-
livered by American troops, the state
ment said. It follows:
'There was no marked activity ex
cept that of patrols, at points occupi -a"
by our troops. Last night our aviators
bombed the station and railroad tracks
at A number of direct hits
were made. All of our machines re
turned." AMERICANS IN ALSACE
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
FRANCE, June 15 (By The Associated
Press). It now Is permissable to an
nounce that American soldiers are oc
cupying sectors on the battle front at
Alsace. They first entered these posi
tions on the 21st of last month.
The Germans have made a raid on
, the American front in Alsace.
The attacked was preceded by an
artilelry and machine gun barrage.
The American casualties weer light.
The German prisoners report that
two divisions which had been en route
to the rear of their lines for several
weeks rest after taking part in the
Cheatueu Thierr offensive weer or
dered back to the battle line. Their
new orders were "hold back the Amer
icans at any cost."
ARTILLERY FIRING LESSENED
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
FRANCE, June in (l!y Tlie Associat e
Pre.-.S'). Th artillery firing in the
Tou! sector diminished last night. Tha
visibility today was poor. It is con
firmed that the American bombing air
plane squadron set afire I lie round
house at' Conflans in the Friday after
noon raid.
MARINE CASUALTIES
WASHINGTON. June 15. Today's
marine corps casualty list contains
sixtv-three names divided as follows:
Killed in action, 8; wounded seiere-
Lieutenants Charles I!. Maynard,
' 'okan' Wi- .h.. and Frederick I.
Hicks, lirownsville. Texas, and Pri
st KoiMirt A. Cuff, Houston. Tex.,
v err severely wounded. No other man
om Teaxs, Arizona, New Mexico or
olcraCo wa? named in the list.
81 ON HONOR ROLL
WASHINGTON. June 1.",. - Today's
i rniy casualty list contained eivht.'--
names, divided as follow:
Ki led in action. S: died of wounds,
:Q; died of accident. 1; died of rinejse,
F; wounded severely, 52: wounded, ie
j ree undetermined. 4.
None from Colorado, New Mexico,
. 1'exas or Arizona was named In the
1 St.
' DICTATE PEACE FROM
BERLIN" IS LATEST WAR
SLOGAN IN NEW YORK
(Continued from 1'h&" On.)
one of the features opening the drive,
was one of the grandest spectacles
ever presented in New York. savs, V.r.
Rots. Between 50,ou0 and 75 ,'.'00 wo-
men, representing more than 700 sep
arata Red Cross organizations, each
dressed in the Red Cross uniform,
marched in the line. Inter: spersetl were
military groups and bands, hands and
military groups.
"One of the bands wi'.s thit famous
French organization of fifty pieces
sent to this country to assist in the
Red Cross drive," said Mr. Uosj. "It
was a wonderful hand arid ti.ey played
with the spirit which the Frenoi have
shown iu their fight to hold the Hun."
At the head of theparado marched
President Wilson, afoot. Mr. Dodge
accompanied him.
Great Organization.
"The Red Cross organization in New
York City," declared Mr. Ross, "is
marvelous. Everywhere one went lie
met with women working for the so
ciety. In the railroad stations, in the
office buildings and on the streets wo
men exerted their influences to bweU
the rivers of silver und geld which
were pouring into the organisation's
coffers. Four women at the corners
of a great American flag would ca
on the passing throngs to toss their
coins into its folds. The flag would
be weighted down in a few moments.
"At another street corner 1 saw a
barrel, not a small cask, but a large
barrel, filled to the top with pennies.
The Red Cross workers stood 1-side
it, telling the passing crowds to throw
their coppers into the barrel. No man
or woman could pass up and down (he
street a few blocks or enter ai:d leave
one or two buildings without being ac
costed by the workers. They had tucir
organization perfected."
Warnings at Hotels.
On the night that news was first
reecived in the United States that U
boats had destroyed a dozen xessels
off the United State3 coast, Mr. Ross
was In one of the New York hotels.
He described how the management
posted bulletins in the hotel warning
the guests as to how they should con
duct themselves in case of an air raid.
The posters instructed the young and
hearty to use the stairs, and to leave
the elevators to the women and chil
dren. The spirit of the city was won
derful, says Mr. Ross, even when f.'iere
was grave fear expressed that planes
from the German divers wouli" shell
Gotham.
Mr. Ross remained in the east sev
eral days. In both Washington and
New York he met with several former
Arizona residents now engaged in war
work. Everyw-here, war and war work
were first In importance.
The long awaited Austrian offensive
against the Italians has begun. On
the Italian front, for ad istance of
from 75 to 100 miles, Austrian troops
and heavy artillery are endeavoring to
break down the resistance of Italians,
who are aided by French and Brit
ish forces.
The Italian premier, Vittorio Orlan
do, announced in the chamber of depu
ties that the Italian troops were every
where "resisting magnificently."
The last great Austro-Hungarion
drive began in October, 1917. rolled
back General Cadorna's line from the
Isonozo front and along the Venetian
plain. More than a million enemy
troops took part in this operation and
it was not for many weeks that the
Italians vfere able to stay the aavanee.
About the middle of November, when
the Piave battle began along a 90 mile
front, in northern Italy, French and
I ritish troops were hurried to rein
force the shaken Italian army.
Germany Urges Action
There have been insistant cries
from Germany for Austrian action
along the Italian front, to co-ordinate
with t.'ie German offensive in the west
ern zone and ior months past the
Italians have been preparing for just
such a blow as apparently is now be
ing struck. The Italian army has
been reequipped, and General Diaz
has succeeded General Adoran as commander-in-chief.
The present battle line extends from
Asiago to the sea.
Grave events are reported to he im
pending in Austria, according to un
dontirmed advices Jfrom Wpain 'and
Holland. It is said that rioting has
been going on in Vienna and matters
have come to a critical stage.
Hew serious the situation has be
come is not as yet known.
There have been outbreaks in vari
ous parts of the country, notably in
Do'icmia and Moravia, andt he poli
tical tension between Austria and
Hungary has been one of the features
of the news emanating from the dual
monarchy for .some time.
German Plunge Checked
Checked in their plunge against the
French posit ions from Montdidier to
the Oiso, the Germans lave net re
sumed their ofensive on the western
front. Tlieer have been patrol encount
ers at various points, with the allies
improving Cieir positions, notably in
the Villers Cotterets region, south n est
of Sois.-rfins.
The inactivity of the infantry, how
ever, has given place to heavy bom
bardments along the front, in th's
work the American forces have had
a part. Angered br a gas attack
against them byt he ermans. the
American forces launched thousands
of gas shells against 1'ie enemy. The
I Aweri: hps on th" Marnc find P.curdy
1 fn.nts have also given the enaans
; i.o rest from patrol incursions.
I It is believed in Paris diid London
that lift many days will ('.apse before
'he Germans beein a new assault.
Ovnin i.i divided as to the point
j :i-;uin t which the blow will be struck.
! Paris believing li;at the cC.rmaiis will
jccitinue their thrust toward the cani
; tal. I! her by a continuation of the
i fighting west of the Oise or new
j assault further south toward the
i Marne.
Deceptive Hun Plan
I Indon. however, helfcvo.4 tint the
German ur'ies long the Aisne avd
'east of Montdidier weie ior the pur
pose of drawing the allied reserves to
jtiie-iO theaters cf the war and t'.ien
i hurling Iho decisive blow cither at
: Amiens or aga'iu.t the Flanders l;t :it
! in the hope reaching the ehjiiiiel
ports
I Tlie of tibial repuit troiu the Italiau
: ;
War Summary j
I
PAST WEEK BAD ONE
VIOLATORS OF
PROHIBITION LAW
One Meets Death; Nine Placed
Under Arrest for Transport
ing; While Nearly $5000
Worth of Whisky Is Seized
The past week has been a bad one
for those who lead the life of the
fetsive bootlegger, and a number of
them have found themselves in the
toils of the officers, one meets his
death and others have had their sup
plies o intoxicants taken from them.
William Krupp lost his life while
trying to get through the Willcox sec
tion of the county to Globe with twenty-six
cases of whiskey. The whisKey
was taken to Tombstone.
J. Williamson of McNeal was caught
a few days ago on the Silver Creek
road with a flivver loaded with whisky
by Constable Kirby of Douglas. His
.cargo was confiscate4 and he now
faces the court on a charge of trans
porting liquor in the county and with
a charge of the federal government
filing a charge of a violation of the
Reed amendment.
Two arrests were made in Dougla3
by Deputy Sheriff Bowden for selling
liquor, and he also caught a woman
there who is now under arrest for
transporting liquor. She had the pint
bottles in a canvas belt which was
strapped around her botly like the
fluting of skirts and which gave her
the appearance of wearing one of the
old fashioned bustles. She had some
fifteen pints on her person.
On Friday approximately $1,000
worth of liquor found its way to the
sheriffs office at Tombstone because
Deputy C. E. Cross of Douglas used
his eyes while he was on the train tak
ing a hunch of prisoners from Doug
las to the county jail.
At Fairbank, Cross noticed two
boxes and a trunk that looked sus
picious. Investigation showed that
they contained twelve cases of Old
Taylor. At Tombstone he notified
Sheriff Guy Welch, and the two offi
cers went to the depot to get it. Al
ready it had been transferred from
the El Paso & Southwestern depot to
the Southern Pacific depot, where it
was seized. It was consigned to No
gales. At South Pisbee yesterday, the Iow
ell officers caught a man named Kid
der and a man named Ryan with a
number of sacks and suit cases filled
with whiskey and they were taken to
Tombstone to answer charges of trans
porting. Friday night at Naco, Constable J.
Newell caught two residents of the
Warren district with a quantity of
liquor that they were bringiug into
the state from Rodeo on the Golden
State limited , They were E. J. Wil
lipmson arid Johnny McMinion. They
were also taken to Tombstone yester
dav. It is estimated that nearly J5.000
worth of whiskey at the present prices
were seized by the officers during the
past week and dcliverd to th county
jail at Tombstone.
It Js expected that the government
will soon shin all the 'intoxicating
liquor now held in Tombstone to the
east to be re-distilied and ithe alcohol
gien to the Red Cross for use in the
hospitals. An agreemht has already
hfep "Ip ji regard to the matter and
the United States officials are expect
ed to make the shipment soon.
AMERICAN AIRMAN
TELLS OF BATTLE
(Continued from Tago One)
the ground he tried to regain control
of the machine, but could not and he
'crashed to earth. I darted down near
him. made a bharp turn by the wreck
j to mpke sure he was out o" commis
i sion. then made a victorious swoop
down over him and climbed up again
to see if 'Doug' needed any help with
I the other Hun for I had caught a
glimpse of their combat out of tha
! corner of my eye.
: Plane in Flames
I "I rose about :0u feet again to s!i
j 'Doug' on the tail of his bciche. His
tracer bullets were pasisng throughout
j the enemy plane. I climbed a Httl'!
ihigher, and was diving down (.n the
Hun and about to fire when I saw the
: German' plane go up in flames and
crash to earth. 'Doug' had sent his
Hun plane down one minute after I
had shot down mine.
"When we landed, Campbell and I
rushed to our respetcive Hun wrecks.
On the way there it was only half a
mile I ran into a huge crowd of sol
diers blue and khaki pressing about
in n:C I pressed my way through,
the crowd and heard somebody say to
the surrounded man in French, 'there
I he is; niw you will believe h is
' an American.' I looked at the man
! a scrawny, poorly clad, little- devil.
I --sed in rotten German uniform.
1 It was the Hun pilot or the machine
' I had shot down. It seems he wouldn't
believe that an American officer Ind
brought I'.im down. He looked ts:e all
1 or a'l tn' n aske d ni" in u oil
. French i." 1 was an American. When
' I answered yes' he had no more to
i "'Doug' had set his Hun niaehino
! (n fif" i't '.', meters and it had fallen
in flames, rolling over three times,
and then completely burning up.
iThe Hun pilot had been thrown out
I ;.n.( jm I.h'I'v off. His blinds, feet,
and eyes wercjiadly burned. He Is iu
; the hospital and my boehe Is prolmhly
; cotnmcn ing his job of ditch dku'n-T
' for the rest of the war."
var effiee speaks of the frrowiug hi
tensity of artillery fire rn.ni the l.:
garin.i valley to the sea. and it may
be tliatt he Aushidiis ate preparing to
attack.
FOR
THIS ITALIAN ACE
DROPS n-2 PLAXES
.v. .
: '-' i' :ii.!?'jlil1l"J
Major Baracca.
Major Baracca, Italian ace, has
brought own thirty-two enemy
planes, according to a recent dis
patch from the front. He has re
ceived the (fold military medal. ,One
of his recent feats was the dropping
of the leading airplane of a German
squadT"-
CZECHOSLOVACS
ill SERBIA HOLD
Hi
WASHINGTON, June 15 Unexpect
ed develcpments in central Siberia,
where Czecho-Slavonic regiments are
gaining apparently market success
again:-1 the soviet troops, are regard
ed here today as possibly nia:'kiti-i the
advent of conditions 'n Russi?. which
the entente allies have been availing
as preliminary . to the adoption of
strong measures to prevent the further
extension of German control ever Rus
sia. Officials have long held the jelief
that continuation of German control
would terminate in the actual us of
Russian soldiers int he German army
and for that reason means have been
sougJit for the beginning of a cam
paign to restore the Russian army
into active opposition to Germany.
Many thousands of Czecho-Slavs de
serted from the Ausiro-Hnngari.ri arm
ies in Russia early in the v ar and
were attached to the Russian army.
When the Best-Litcvsk treaty was
signed these Czecho-Slavs decided to
join the entente allies and continuehe
war against the ermanic powers and
several thousand of the Czecho-Slav-onics
started eastward toward Vladi
vostok, where they hoped to find ships
to taket hem to western Europe. The
Germans soon learned of the eastward
movement of the Czecho-Siavcnio regi
ments and upon the Germans demand,
the Bolshevik! government sotignt to
disarm them, l;itt he Czecho-Slavs
speedily overcome the Bolshevik! who
stcod in their path.
Receiving accessions to their ranks
as they progressed eastward along
the Siberian railroad, they now are
understood to be in possci-shm of at
least a third oft hat great ..rir:y of
rrmmuniedticn and ti was learned of
ficially today that they probably were
in a position to dictate to the Bol-sl-.eviki
through the control whi: h they
exercibe over the food supplies of Si
beria. '0
WILL PLAY C.&A.
Reinforced with Brown, former C.
H A. player, at shortstop and Price
behind the plln- the Junction Brigst
club will today try to break its losing
stiock and humble (he C. A; A. team.
Tbeicague clubs will battle ai Vunvn
park at 2::0 with I'.rashear and Ton
neson handling the indicators.
Hasty Bidwcll will probably pitch
Ior tlie C. & A., although Cur'ey has
been pleading for a chance to K'cure
revenue on the Junctions for the rude
manner in which they drove him to
sllelter in two innings the hist time the
teams met.
Oswald or Eason a ill work ! tho
Junctions and both have turned in
nice games against the C. A: A. Os
wald lost an extra inning contest tw
weeks ago which was due largely to
p;:or suport while Iv'scri shut out the
('. A- A. to o in th.' tniy whitewash
store of the year.
The clubs appear ery evenly
matched, particularly with Brown to
aid the Junctions. Price, former
Coast league catcher, v.il! reeeiv 'o.
the J H nine. This pia;,er secu-id his
lelcase Troiii the C. r'i A. and will tr.ke
e n of t' e shorts' p Ing duties lor
:I:e jjnei io-.s. f'c ':'! wi'l probably
mow to second l.ae.
The lineups of the clubs for today
follow:
C. & A t Gait, cf: Smith, ss; Your,';
man, I'b; Morris, lb; .1 insscu. ::h; Kiti
?;d. 1'; NcemMi. i; Bidwcll. Cur-
lev. p.
Junction Brigcs: ru-'-f.-.r, lb: Jehn
son, t!b: I'.rown, ss;, Piftman. rr: Hi
j'ilin cf: I'.erkel or Snvder. 2I: Price,
c; liarnhi'.l. pt Orwald. I'ison an I
I- If. k. p. Wiiu !e:i:l. IVttijohn ;-nd
Fa'ihmin. utility.
.a N':eiiiz of ('.'.. l'c. l-'ra,i Mar
z el llawlen and yratmiso LopcJ
Mm
ai" in the. Ci! i jail, ih nged l'ii vio
lating tlie registration law.
nni ouohim
FORCES
DULoiiLil
II MPTmM
LYRIC THEATER
TODAY-
Madge Evans zs:d George
"Wanted a Mother"
(In Five Parts)
A THRILLING, NATURE STORY, DEALING WITH AN UNUSUAL SUBJECT,
AND PRESENTED IN A WAY TO GRIP AND HOLD THE ATTENTION OF
EVERY SFECTATOR AN EXCEPTIONALLY ENTERTAINING STORY. ?r
PARAMOUNT ARBUCKLE COMEDIES JOSEPH M. SCHENCK, PRESENTS
oscoe
"FATTY
LI
lllv Review I-eawil Wire)
VAN COl'VLlt, Wash., June 15.
Jeremiah O'I.eary was arrested by fed
eral officials at Sara. Clark county.
Wash., last Thursday, it was learned
here tonight cn information given the
federal authorities by a man employed
by O'Leary on a three acre chicken
farm at aSra, which O'I.eary had rent
ed on coming here in mid-May.
O'Leary after ariving in this section,
attracted almost no attention. Under
an assumed name he raised chickens
and tilled a garden on the little plot
of ground. On Tuesday of this week
a man who was working for him. also
a stranger in Clark county, appeared
at the sheriff's cfifce at Van Comer
and said that he had learned some
thing about his employer that federal
pfifcials wanted to know. The sher
iff's office uriected him to the federal
oficcrs and the arrest Thursday result
ed. Under Indictment
NEW YORK. June 15. Jeremiah A.
O'Leary, a fugitive from justice since
the eve of the date set for his trial
on a charge of violating the espionage
act by publication of seditious liter
ature in the antl-liritish periodical
Bull and later indicted for conspiracy
to commit treason, was arrested at
Sara, Wash., and is on his v.ay bark to
New York in the custody of federal
agents, it was announced here tonight.
'OLeary was found Wednesday in tne
remote hamlet of Washington, which
is about To miles north cf Portland.
Ore. No details were made public
concerning tlie pursuit.
Announcement of his capture marks
anct.''er dramatic enNnde in a case
which already has had many sensa
tional developments. His brother,
Jehn J. O'Leary and Arthur L. Lyon,
a business associate, were placed on
trial in federal court yesterday under
aa indictment charging tlicm with
having aided him to escape from the
jurisdiction of the court.
RICH STOCKMAN DEAD
(lly Review I.iisnl Wire)
I-'L'NVEU, Colo.. June 15. John P..
Ccsgriff. milionare banker and stock
man of Cool; ado, Wyoming and Utah,
died at his home hier tonight aitr aa
i'luess of a your. ?,1. Cosgriif was in
terested in hanks in I!ener, Salt Lake
and several other cities in Colorado.
Wyoming 2nd Utah. He is survived by
a widow and four children.
DIVER 3C0 FEET LONG
(l:v Kevi.-w- I.e.iso.l Win)
WASHINGTON. June 15 The sub
marine which attacked the l!riti.-h
steamer Kremlin, twenty-fho miles 01T
the Virginia capes last Ti;i;r.-,!jy r.i :'it
rtas r. ar)y.::"ii f-et long ami w..' ir::ig
. shell of at lea: t five im lies. Captain
Thcmas H. Coliislcr. master cf tl e
Pritish ship, reported today t ihe
navy department. p. '
RAILROAD VALL'ixiQN
DENVER, Colo. June 15, The Colo
rado tax commishion today announced
it had placed a valuation of .IT,v.ii,
75u upon the property of r,i '!i'o..il.-.
telephone and telegraph companies and
ether ( orporat ions placed irnl.T ;!-
jurisdiction by the slate rt.ve::t; ht.vs
lor taxation put poses. The sum is an
increase over last yiT.r of JtJ.V.i.iiji).
AI.? RAID OVER PAR: 5
P. VMS. Jan - 1 ;. -An ai- r id alt. an
was given tiinughoit '!'. capita! ...
11:15 p. m tonight. The "all clear"
signal followed one hoar later. No
(.tiler (I: 'ails wei'P given ai tlie official
report one. i r.ing the c?ia' attack.
CARL'S CURE
OINTMENT
Trial Box 10c
m:utic i: 'cal'iig siib
h lamas alor.iinc great relief in
ca-es ol Eiva ina and Skill Irrl
lalii is.
FOH $XTE3N L USE RUE
IT IN
CARL S CURE CO.
!"j:: U' b. e Ar:.:.
lir
EDERAL
NET
18
EREMIAH
0 LEARY
WILLIAM A. BRADY PRESENTS
--IN
Fatty Arbuckle
IN
IN CONEY
(In Two Paris)
ANNA EKOLA
CHIROPODIST
Will be at Lowell Drag Store, be
ginning Monday noon. My special
ty is show window wink, just to
show ycu that even the deepest
corns and callouses can be removed
without pain or after soreness at
the first operation. Treat all ail
ments of the feet. Private room
for ladies and bashful men.
My motto: Limp in and walk out.
I lave also an agency for Kgo Corn
Kerned', Wizard P.union and Cal
Icus removers and arcii builders.
The only arch thi-. t is comfortable
at the first wearing. t
LOWELL DRUG STORE
H;urs from 10 a m. to 8 p. m.
! f
DON'T FORGET
the
SYCAMORE GROVE
' PAVILLION
hear the great Danjo players free
for all. Drncinc in the evening, Saturday-Sunday,
June 15-16, also Tues
day, June IS. Six miles ever the di
vide on Torr.bstone Road.
i.
BiSRZE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse- &. OCice Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
HENNESSY
Undei taking Parlors
PHONE 15. OK ST.
J G V-
Fhonographs
included in
PIANO CLEARANCE
SALE
$35.00 to $509.00
PIANOS
$46.00 to $475.00
EASY TERMS .
Kimball Piano
Company
C. !. o., ;;! !.-.c'e ph r. i-lotcl Bids.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
W'Mhffl
-TODAY
MacQuarrie
ISLAND".
Political
Announcements
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate 'or the nomination for the office
of Sheriff of Cochise county, subject
to the Will of the voters at the demo
cratic primary to be held on Septem
ber 10, 191S.
C. E. CROSS.
F03 TREASURER
I hereuy announce myself as a can
didate tor the nomination for the of
fice of Treasurer of Cochise county,
subject to the will of the voters ai tne
democratic primary to be held on
September 10, llS.
GUY C. WELCH.
FOR CLERK, SUPERIOR COURT
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of Clerk, Superior Court of Co
chise county, sujb'ct to the will of the
voters at the democratic primary to be
held on September 10, 1513.
J. E. JAMES.
FOR JUDGE, SUPERIOR COURT
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of Judge, Superior Court or Co
chise county, subject to the will of the
voters at the democratic primary to be
held on September 10, 191S.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD.
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as a can
didat3 for the nomination for the office
I of Saeriff of Cochise county, suhject
I to the will of the voter at the demo
( oratic primary to be held on Septem
! ber 10, 131S.
W. S. PUAKKIKLD.
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce myself as a can
. iliudte tor the nomination as Constable
for the Lowell Precinct, No. 3. Sub
ject to the action of the Democratic
; voter); of that precinct in the primaries
on September l'jih.
lti? H. H. BOHAIFALK.
FCrt CONSTABLE '
: I ht-reby announce mseif us a can
' didute lor the nomination for the of
fice of Coustable for Lowell Precinct
No. o, subject to the will of the voters
ai the Democratic primary to be held
on September lt, plS.
200 JAMES BAKER
FOR CONSTABLE
I I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as Constable
j for the Lowell Precinct. No. 3. Sub
ject to the action of the Democratic
voters of that precinct in the primaries
on September leth.
207 GEO. D. CROWLEY.
FOR JUSTICE CF PEACE
i I h-rehy announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as Justice of
the Peace, for the Lowell Precinct. No
3 Subject to the action of the Demo
cratic voters of that precinct in tho
primaries on September loth.
J. L. YV1NTKUS.
INDEPENDENT
Contractor and Builder
Estimates and Plans Furnished
Wm. McDOUGALL
OPPOSITE LINCOLN SCHOOL
PHONE GREEN 728
li.
!!
HEaULi.f CRIBBLE PHCNE 6Si
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronags
PHONE 53
GOLDEN HOTEL
Every room with running water
' and oiit.hle windows.
Kates by the day. week or
mouth.
' - THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 1G, 191S.
he
Today
Today
Showing Continuous 1:30, 4:00, 6:30, 8:45 P. M.
Lower Floor 50c, 5c War Tax; Balcony 25c, 3c War Tax
EIGHT
r V I v A I
tei
The Most Startling
lotion Picture
eBFodnetion of Fac
!ver Shown
A Guaranteed Picture, Well
Worth the Price
The Man Who Defied the Kaiser
ir r v t -
Tells
This Picture
Why We Are in the
War-Why Your Boy Is
Fighting in France
The Kaiser Planned to
Divide Up America
Blood Stirring FactsNot Fiction
j4j
4
1 .
vrrnHmnMii?tfi!iii
tfBV.GEHVRD5
Alaptol for sctoeaiy
HY rOlLO. YIAIISXERMANY
My
UTS II
99
VllllIllI!l!!l!!I!i!;;
AMBASSADOR
iiMESW.GBlRD5
maam
Aclanloi fcr craraJrv
MVKMJR YEARS XtSMANY
U.
S. MUST RUSH
AMERICAN TROOPS
TO FRENCH FRONT !
Today and Monday
Continuous 1 to 11
AGL
THE ATE
Today and Blonday
Continuous 1 to 11
(ContlnuoU from Page One)
sons she still is attacking with the
idea of finally straightening out her
line along the general front.
In connection vim the advance to
wards Paris. General March pointed
out that the farthest point ,tliey had
thus far reached this year v.v.s 0 1-2
nMles farther away from Pan t:ian
the point of their nearest approach
to that city in 1914.
!
RANCHER IS SHOT
Rv Reviow I.easeil Wirf)
CLOV1S. N. -M.. June 15. John Trot
trr. - !a:;e!ier living twenty miles
southeast of here, was shot and it is
thought fatally wounded today by V. '
Wsltiand, another rancher and neigh
bor of Trotter's. A dispute is said tc
have arisen over Tro:tr's cattle
breaking into Waltland's field. Trot
ter is a'iltgsd to h?.ve aUarked Walt
land, who dre-- p pistol and shot Trot
ter through the left side, causing total
parr.lv: i i.
Business Locals
NOTICE UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE THE REGULAR ADMISSION TO THIS THEATER WILL BE:
CHILDREN, 10c; ADULTS, 15c; RESERVE SEATS, 25c THIS INCLUDES WAR TAX
ARTCRAFT PRESENTS
mm
vm n era isag g1
MARGUERITE ClARK
JJQcmmountQi
4
B 8 bis
IN THE 6-ACT FRODUCTION
(Acopt-:d from the tale by Hans Anderson)
STAGING THAT SZEiYS IMBUED Vv'ITH MAGIC A STORY THAT WILL MAKE
YOUR VEINS TINGLE AND YOUR EYES FOP
JfCpuumount'
ATTENTION ODD FELLOWS
THIS flONTHE BIGGEST. 1V1OST ELABO RAE PRODUCTION IN WHICH MARGUERITE CLARK HAS EVER APPEARED
Ml members of I. O. O. F.. No. 10, j
cad visiting members are requested
to meet at Odd Fellows' hall Sunday
morning at 10 o'clock for memorial
services at Presbvterian church. i
II. It. TAYLOR, X. G.
CAUL V. NFXSOX, Sec'y. 224
kin. Light on any subject by clairvoy
ance. It sick, a free diognosis. If In
trouble best advice. Locates mineral.
First house south of bridge between
Johnson Addition and Lowell. Adv.
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath. 9S Mason
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue M7
Adv. 231
L. L. Gllman sells tba New Edison,
"the phonograph with a bouL"
j F. W. Dannelley, brick contractor;
itiB.,1tn (mitral Aift a anaialt
7
A
FHEAT
TODAY-
CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11
TODAY
NOTICE TO OUR CUSTOMERS IN
THE WARREN MINING '
DISTRICT
Effective Monday. June 17th, at the
Eisbee, Lowell and Warren stores, our
solicitors will call on the retail trade
Jlondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.
The custom of dating "First of the
month" orders ahead will be discon
tinued, goods will be chargej the same
day the order is placed.
Following suggestions of the War
Coouncil of Defense to conserve all ef
ficient and experienced help is becom
ing more serious as more men are call
ed to the colors, we will endeavor to
serve the public as outlined above. We
are confident that under present con
ditions our patrons will be pleased to
co-operate with us to make this plan a
success.
PH ELPS-DOPG n MERCANTILE CO
241
rhone red 84S.
628
ROCKHILL'9 STAGE ,
Blsbee-Tombstone, Leaves Blsbee
Btsbee Auto Co., 7 a. m., 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone Blsbee 6. Adv.
Painter and Paper Hanging
C. J. BRANDT
Box 150 Phone 456 i
DANCE.
C & A, Band Dance, Warrpn Park.
Wednesday and Saturday. Admmis-
ilon'F0 cenU. Ladies free. Adv. 740
j MATERNITY HOME.
' Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
! AdvertIaeir.ent-974
KNOW THY SELF
Worta thousands of dollars to under
stand thy gifts and talents. Get a
reading cr life chart from Mrs. Lump-
CARL'S CURE OINTMENT
Any person Fuffering from eczema
or any other skin trouble can obtain
j immediate relief by using this won
derful remedy. Used and endorsed by
I many local people. Sample box 10c,
postpaid. Full size box, 50c Address
Carl's Cure Co., Box 1023, Uisbee, Arl-
I zona. 2S
WM
THOMAS H. INCE
PRESENTS
Na
hi
IN THE 6-ACT TRIANGLE PRODUCTION
I IJpv.-w . sx-v-''.5i;k-v . .
aUft
THE PRIM
AL LU
(From Vingie E. Roe's Great Novel of the Same Name
AN ABSORBING DRAMA OF LIFE IN THE GREAT CANADIAN NORTHWEST
It is replete with thrilling encounters with tha Black Feet Indians Another'Exciting Inciden
of that Wunderful ccunlry; alsc
MUTT AND JEFF COMEDY
ADMISSION: CHILDREN, 15c; ADULTS, 25c. THIS INCLUDES WAR TAX
WILUAM S HAKT AND KOBEKT McKIM IN TRIANGLE FLAV
THE PRIMAL LURE
j
Til
i
m
i '
flatta
MINING
SECTION
? SOCIETY j
4 A
a
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
VOL. 21, No. 5.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 16, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
am
FULL CASH VALUE OF MINES IS
USED AS BAS S OR T
IT
Mines Divided Into Eight Different Classes for Purpose of
Finding Valuation; Non-Producing Mines Assessed Nom
inally; How Classes Are Divided
STUB AM OF AMERICAN TROOPS MARCH AGAIXST HUNS; ,
THEY WEAR "THE SMILE THAT WON'T COME OFF"
c
I
AM ON III
PRODUCERS VALUATION!
Valuation of Producing Mines of the State of Arizona as
Fixed by the State Tax Commission for Assessment Pur
poses in the Years 1917-191S
I In the State of Arizona the lull cash value of property Is used as a basis
for taxation purposes, and in order to arrive at a figure to represent such
valuation of producing mines the method or system adopted by the State
Tax Commission is based primarily on ability to nay taxes.
For assessment purposes the producing mines of the state are arranged
Into eight different classes as follows:
Class V Copper mines whose ore bodies are found in veins, fissures and
lenses, and do not shew evidences of exhaustion.
Class 2 Copper mines whose ore bodies consist of porphyry deposits and
large acreages of contiguous ground largely unexplored and undeveloped.
Class 3 Copper mines whose ore bodies consist or aeveiopeu low graue
porphyry deposits.
Class 4 Copper mines whose ore bodies show evidences of exhaustion.
Class 5 Gold and silver mines whose ore bodies show evidences of
exhaustion.
Class C Gold and silver mines whose ore bodies have not shown evi
dences of exhaustion.
Class 7 Zinc and lead mines.
Class 8 AH producting mines of irregular output.
Mines in Classes 1, 2 and 3 are valued on a basis of the amount shown by
a capitalization of the average true annual net output over a period of five
full years operation on an earning basis of 15 per cent.
Mines in Class 4 are "treated in the same manner as above, except that
a higher rate of earning is allowed as a capitalization figure, 20 percent being
""Classes 5, 6 and 7 are allowed a still higher rate of earning, 25 percent
being used as'a capitalization figure. ...
Mines of sporadic or irregular output, aeyeiiuu.g i-un-w. . ......
of metal as to whether or not they are able to produce at a profit, are assigned :
to Class 8. and are allowed a capitalization figure of 33 1-3 percent. ,
vr mnle a mine in either Classes 1, 2 or 3. taking 15 percent as a
capitalization figure and showing a true net production as
True Net for 1913 i!'!!'2
True Net for 1914 - f'0,0? ?
True Net for 1915 -- '?
True Net for 1916 .... - - 4.500.000.00
True- Net ; for -1917 - - 7,500.000.00
Total True Net for 5 years - $18,900,000.00
Average Net for one year - $ 3,780.000.00
Capitalized at 15 percent . 25.200,000 00
The latter figure being the assessed valuation for taxation.
Vnn-nrnducincr mines are assessed nominally.
The reduction in the valuation of the producing mines of the state for ;
( : .. . v
KJewi cr-?2r tXTl f -irf V V
f?ii '-O i'Miiif jt,wf 't f?". r1, ai
-fir H . - - A- : .
i
American supply trains going over French bridge, at top, and infantrymen of first battalion on way to the front
. Dispatches from the front tell how American troo.u are soing to the front every hour. They pass through
French villages in trains, on autos, in wapons an8 o foot. They arc cheered wherever they po. And tne
most noticeable thing- about these lads is the fact that they all wear the same smile, the kind that a battle
doesn't lessen a bit. They all look as if they cant get at tl.e Ue;nn:ins quick' enough. The upper pictui e stm.vs
the lower pictura shows inlantr -on
a train of supply wagons crossing- a bridge in France on their way "up."
of tfee First battalion troine to tne battle line. A cins;. muJv of the fi
pnoios irom uie tront show, them smilmjj cheerfully
aces of the American bovs in v.
Increased Production
And Gains Promised in
Mid Year Mine Resume
Situation in Arizona Is Encouraging at Immediate Present;
Recovery to Better Than Normal in Past Quarter Out
standing Feature; Some Mines Promise Greater Returns
in Near Future
PORPHYRIES SHOW MINE PROPERTIES
INCREASE IN MAYlOF POWERS
As was expected, the output of the
porphyries for the month of May madf
a substantial increase, the total pro
duction amounting to more than 29.
000,000 pounds, or almost 2.100.000
.... 1 t . .1 r A V.I1nH nr T .
ho nnst vear as comDared to me year Deiore is aue 10 me ia ui "if'"-' . , . . .
of material and labor, lower average price of copper, and strikes during , ghowing wag Jn spj;e of the (lrop in
the summer of 1917. . I Chino's production of about T.sO.i'OO
i ne J ax t oiiiminiuii uos iit?u mc owic a. l.j v ,j . "
j 100.00 valuation, based upon a teal net valuation of all property in the state
of $G97,000,000.00.
VALUATION OF PRODUCING MINES OF THE STATE OF ARIZONA AS
FIXED BY STATE TAX COMMISSION FOR ASSESSMENT PURPOSES
YEARS 1917-1918
Name of Company 1917 1918
Arizona Commercial Mining Co .$ 2,524.838.00 $ 2.291.796.00
Arizona Copper Co... Ltd 23,357.345.00 16,892,715.00
Arizona & Michigan Dev. Co 38.363.00
Ariz. United Me. Co. Cobriza Mns. Dev. Co. 741.722.00 694.635-00
Rush & Baxter. A. S. & R. Co. Lessee 313,349.00 310.399.00
Bailey. Berry & Chapman. Russell & Alex Bro. 210.828.00
Calumet & Arizona Mining Co 41,353,273.55
Calumet & Arizona Mining Co. Germania Grip
Commercial Mining Co -. 359.032.00
Cons. Arizona Smelting Co 2.081.931.00
pounds, being the onlv porphyry to
show a loss from that of April.
Of particular significance was the
wonderful showing made by Ray Con
solidated. With the production amount
ing to 8.120.0U0 lbs.. Ray established
a new high mark in the history cf the
company, the nearest to t.'iis fi?ure
being the corresponding month last
year when the company reported 8.
015.2S1. This showing is all the more
gratifying when it is considered that
Copper Chier. Hayden Dev. Co. Lessee 336.511.00
Copper Queen Cons. Mining Co 57.310,729.32
Detroit Copper Mining Co. of America 7,441.995.00
Duquesne Mg. & Reduction Co. - .
Empire Zinc Co - 215.752.00
Gibson Copper Co 190,496.00
Gila Copper Sulphide Co 1,124.905.00
Gold Road Mines Co - 319.005.00
Grand Gulch Mining Co 182.843.00
Great Western Copper Co r 109.189.00
Helvetia Copper Co - 106,035.00
Thomas Higgias 430,749 00
Imperial Copper Co. A. S. & R. Co. Lessee 563,740.89
Inspiration Consolidated Copper Co 79,887.340.00
Iron Cap Copper Co 717.949.00
Leonard Copper Co 132.150.00
Leszynsky, Christie & Bennie Lessees 75.501 00
Lookout Copper Co. J. F. Casperl, Lessee 32.569.00
Magma Copper Co 4.188.608 00
Miami Copper Co 22,417.984.00
Mineral Hill Cons. Copper Co 224.875.00
Narraganset Mines Co 2S2.145.00
Needles Mining & Smelting Co 715,300.00
New Planet Copper Mg. Co. Northwestern
Leasing & Development Co 345,128.00
Old Dominion Copper Mining & Smelting Co 8.449.677.00
Peabody Consolidated Copper Co 59.639.00
Ray Consolidated Copper Co. 32.718,759.00
R. R. Richardson, Owner, Three R Mining and
Leasing Co. Lessees 299,543.00
Shannon Copper Co 2.351.330.00
Shattuck Arizona Copper Co 8.322.794 00
Stein Boericks & Associates 332.794.00
Swansea Cons. Gold, Silver & Copper Mg. Co. 846.315.00
Tom Reed Gold Mines Co 1.940.159.80
1 on ft"e fA I
iK-'-ri'cq I practically all the mining companies
,nnftnnri'of tne ro"ntry are reporting a short
I age of labor, coupled with a decrease
o one 'c' i in efficiency in new hands being used
173.OSO.00 I .;.,,.,"., r.,,
ILil r-i I I'llUIl V'l V 'tnw, wi.
51.287.023.90
5.438.780.00
10,641.97
206.412.00 j
1S1.046.00 I
porphyries set Jiitrh marks for this
year. Utah with lS,2ti0.0ii() pounds be
ing the highest sinre hrt August, and
Nevada with 7,000.wm was also the
Inwiraci cliw.lt l'.jfr A,O.K.t nlllmllffh ftl
oorn? Via ! October production was equal to last
! month.
When contrasted with the five
months, January to May inclusive, Clii-
no is the only one this year which
shows an increase amounting to more
I than 1.000.000 pcunds. Total output
of the four companies this year is ap
proximately 3.000.000 pounds utidi-r the
corresponding period of 1917, but is
'more than 22.O00.0O0 pounds ahead of
i the same months in 1916.
Total production for the five months
I this year as compared with the same
I period of the past two years and the
totals show:
230.595.00
104.131.00 l
104,319.00
101.035.00
406.764.00
510.403.47
74.16S.898.00
677.414.00 ;
1.105.060.00 i
73.754.00 I
23.934.00 :
3.718.856.00
19.133.517.00
214.225.00
268.545.00
692,875.00
191S
OS
A mid-year resume of the general metal mining situation In Arizona is
encouraging at the immediate present, and highly promising as to the future.
A conservative analysis indicated this summary to be well grounded. From
such statement. Jiowever. It is not to be gathered that phases do not exist
that will require careful handlin? If they are to be successfully surmounted.
INCREASED PRODUCTION
Recovery to better than normal production of copper in the state during
the last quarter is the strong factor in the present situation. It is given
further importance by reason of the Tact that gain will be made above present
figures, which represent not far from S0.o00.000 pounds of copper the month.
In considering this statement it is necessary to remember that the producers
of a year ago are not entirely responsible, the addition of New Cornelia's
four million pounds of copper the month having occurred within that tiaie.
Among the producers of a year ago, however, there are those who have made
gains, notably United Verde, Consolidated Arizona Smelting. Copper Queen
(Bisbce) and Ray Consolidated. All of these producers have reached new
high levels since a year ago. Copper Queen notwithstanding the strike which
intervened in the Warren district. Miami Copper is now very close to joining
this list, having in May reached its previous best hie'i, with five and a half
million pounds of copper output. Miami Copper is headed to above six million
pounds regular monthly production and will readily attain that figure upon
the turnin? over of new equipment which Is now about installed.
FURTHER CAINS
Shatturk-Arizona and Magma alone of the group of large producer.? have
failed of increasing output during the months cf this year. Much the same
rood reason exists with both properties, for each have been engaged in open
ing new workings which will soon be giving them increases in ore tonnage
that will make up for the failure to show gains in the interim. Magma's gnin
In rich reserves and extension of known ore bodies has been very laree an'',
important under the work pursued, and which has been attended by the in
stallation of shafts, workings and traftic ways providing for maximum oper-
HISTORIC CLAIMS
Tlif next day we caught sight of some
rv.lir.va nnfl tt'p l:rtw flipv found
where that steer had been killed and j ations and efficiency when increaes above the output of around a million
we sneaked down into, the 'Canyon, not I pounds of copper the month which has been maintained the last yenr is bcuun.
wpiting to argue with cowboys about! , , , .... , , ,
that steer. Well, we waited there un-1 t'1 case of Shattuck. over a million tons or comparatively low ?rade lead
til the cowboys went by cn the trail silver-copper ore has been prepared for mining in addition to the mining
along the canyon and then we made l ... . ... rm,,:, ,,.,.,
WUHIl Will LUllLlllutr III 113 wvu.irc.. ...... ..'utuiiuiip, (. v wt- . j .....v
274.102.00
6,325.629.00
49.219.00 '
24,818.248.00
Utah
Chlno
Ray
Nevada .-.
Totals
TUCSON. June 15. Negotiations
have been on for several weeks for the
purchase- of the gold property In the
R-ittle Snake Canyon, scene of the
tragedy where the Powers hoys and
Tom Sissons shot and kilk-d the Sher
iff of Graham county and his officers
in resisting arrest for evading the
draft, after the father of the Powers
boys had been killed.
The Powers have a well developed
tunnel and a mill on the property and
at the time of the shooting, were
abo'it to realize from the milling of t'ie
ore they had developed. The property
is now in the hands of Charles Powers.
Ha:t!esr.i-ke Canyon was first locat
ed as a gold prospect by Black Jack
Gardener some years ago. He had a
partner at the time. The partner sold
his interest Tor $1000 to Kran'is Hart
man and Col. Randolph, it is under
stood. After a company was formed
and possibly- $50.0i0 was spent on the
property, it was abandoned. It is said
t'ie property finally came into the
hands of the caretaker who sold it to
t'-.e Powers who completed the work
and cpened up the gold ledges in a
crosscut tunnel. The story of the dis
covery of the prospect as told by Gar
dener is a romance of the early days in
the hUls.
"I had been in Tucson," said Garden
er, telling the story, "and I nearly
went broke, so I thought I would hit
out for the high hills and see if I
couldn't pick up something in the hills
where there hail never been anybody.
"So I started out with my burro, a
side of bacon, a bag of flour, a rifle
and a prospeo'ing outfit. I prospected
all the CHst of Tucson until I came to
i"'-'!" ';;;;! the San Pedro river. One night I
"'s i camped all alone on the bank of the
32.710,000
camp there for two days and I went
out to examine the dyke that runs
across the canyon between the two
ridges there. I saw one gold stringer
after another on the face of that dyke
and so I told my partner that we had
better stay right there. And we did.
I went up on the dyke and began to
make the seams of sold ready for save.
You know I just went along them chip
ping off the rook around them so that
they would show up and a man could
will have much influence in making other ores in the state at larue available
for profitable treatment has been built and will begin operations just as soon
as final parts of equipment, which have been delayed in transportation, are
received. This mill process coupled with the mining system t'ie Shattuck has
worked out for the million tons of ore it has made available, and npon which
there will doubtless be enlargement, has already carried important benefit to
ethers in the mining industry in the state. Copper Queen, in the Warren
district, has found that it has double the tonnage of the same class cf low
thpm I wnrkpH Ivn dnvs Thp
second day I heard somebody' pecking grade lead-silver-copper ore as that of Shattuck which it will be able to
away at the rock with a hammer and : nan(jie and is preparing to do so in the new mill it has begun the foundations
I looked up and seen my partner with
a little Durham sack, cracking off ' for. with the main object of treating the low grade it will steam shovel from
them scams I had dressed. Taking j Sacramento Hill. At ratagonia the Shattuc k pattern of mill is making avail-
awav the gold 1 had exposed. I roared .
at him and bawled him out so he able a considerable tonnage that has recently been taken over by new inter
ests. In other distric ts of the state the process is also going to be found
available with results of important yain in output of all three metals, lead.
wouldn't speak to me for a couple of
days and when he did he said he was
willing to sell out his share. So I
haid. "Will you take a thousand dol
lars?'' and he said he would, so I said.
"Come on back to Tucson." So we
came bai k to Tucson with specimens
and I went to Francis Hartman and
Col. Randolph and g')t bim his thou
sand dollars..
"After that they organized a compa
ny or somebody did and they worked
there but they couldn't make it pav
and they wanted to hydraulic all the
ground sloping down to the river for
the gold that had eroded off the dyke.
But they never did, although you could i
got color anywhere. So that was the
end of Rattlesnake Canyon until the
Powers family took it up.
MINING WORK AT
TOMBSTONE CONTINUES
TOMBSTONE. June 15 As has been
frequently said, tho Phelps Dodue peo
ple whoo perato the Bunker Hill mines
il this point, are not givinc to operat
ing a nress agency and continually an-
mourning whai they are not or are oo-
Tejon Mining Co
Twin Buttes M. & S. Co. A. S & R. Co. Lessee
Twin Buttes M. & S. Glance Min. Co. Lessee
Union Basin Mining Co
United Globe Mines
United Verde Copper Co
United Verde Extension Mining Co
Vulcan Connsolidated Mining Co
Warrior Copper Co. Southwestern Leasing
Company, Lessee
38.717.00
25.44200
414.339.00
516.991.00
6.433.821.00
36.092.596.00
27.953.409 00
260.678.00
204.835.00
1.337,930.00
8.212.7S7.00
199,677.00
610.886.00
1.171.846.80
31.222.00
22.242.00
410.739.00
316.051.00
fi.374.932.n0
.U..r.(i..!H4.in i cnuntv. after a iurv
Utah
(Mi inn
Ray
Nevada ..
Totals
lS0.450.5li5
1917 1916
79.330.6S4 67.125.813
32.558.443 27.123.014
S.870.4"9 28,982.752
32.S09.491 .",4,fi9fi.OS2
Ira Spears was dismissed us a dep
uty sheriff by SlierilT Miles i Pima
iiik. but to the sell -unserving person.
river, when along came another fellow hl( ea-mot but help gather this fact
vi;h a burro. He asked me how the , that is that the declopment work
water was and might he camp here, I , ..- heinc clone cm t:ie inansanses-
an.I I told him lie sure could, for a al
ways like to have a partner to chin to.
He said he was from Oklahoma.
Totals
183.569.027 157.927.66
thing and I told him I had about ns
much so tiat was fair enough. And
I si, v " chin ked in. :
i .. . ... . , :
in the superior1 Alter a couple ot clavs prospecting!
1.329.00 nnrt I, ml rofiirlK.H in. I .. n .t. I of , I Milled SOIIIC frOstl meat Illld WC
144.Oti7.Ou $5,7(io HL-ainst him in favor of Miss J same to a steer and I shot it. believ-
I Helen Dufliey. w ho c harged thai 1 mg I ! mal e pood paving for it alter
488.782.00 43S.7S2. on s-i.ears had promised to marry her and' a while. So that night we had fresh
under suc h promise had obtained im- meat ami we camped on the top or the
76,597,513.01 $329,220,628.70 proper relations. . 'ridge just above Rattlesnake Canyon.'
silver and copper.
WAR TIME EFFICIENCY
It is as well to call attention here to the fact that during the last year
the metallurgists of Arizona mines as well as the men in all divisions of
copper production have been giving the greatest cooperative endeavor In the
history of the industry to the work of utilizing mineral bearing rock and
gettinsmiore values from all ore. In the conduct of this endeavor they have
accomplished a great deal. A random glance brings into consideration, for
instance, notable achievement at the IougIas smelters in reducing fuel con
sumption, and at the same time attaining higher furnace efficiency in the
output of the metal; the successful recovery of sulphuric acid from Calumet
& Arizona fumes: highly important gains in fuel conservation and inrrense
in metal output at the Humboldt smelter of Consolidated Arizona: important
gains at the United Verde smelter at Clarkdale, where a couple million dollars
have been expended in increasing capacity and betterins efficiency of the
comparatively new plant; bringing in of Verde Kxtension smelter, which will
represent the last word In construction efficiency; important gains at the
International smelter at Miami; increased efficiency in mill and power plant
of the Miami Copper Co.; notable betterments in Inspiration plant, even thoush
a year ego this equipment and its operation was considered the acme ot
attainment; experimentation at Itisbee determining that as low as .OS'; ore
In Sacramento Hill overburden can and will be handled profitably; improve
ments in Ray Consolidated mill practice which put the output of that prop
erty as a new high; establishment by Shannon Copper Co. at Clifton ot new
methods of treatment which will accomplish a great deal in the recovery ot
formerly discarded copper values, not only for this property, but for other.;
it Ajo. where the new Cornelia staff has been
silver ore bodies in the Oregon-Pr..-inoter
and Lucky Cuss country, must
be o n most satisfactory namre for
Wasn't any prospector at all; just out i the underground' wire" gives forth
to see the country. Didn't have any-1 the information that ore in good qual
tlilng but some beans. I told him he'ltv and quantity Is being encountered
could be a partner of mine if he want-1 from time to time In the development improvements In practice
en to. lie said lie Old not nave any- . worn, that is now neinc proseomeu in
mine nine or ten drifts and two shafts unceasingly engaged m endeavor for gains upon the splendid success scored
and it Is also s;id that an e''b ; from (he beginning of operation of the wonderful plants, ultimate results from
new shaft ill that country will he sunk
bv the companv. Some thirtv tons ot ' wnic.i may ne uie most tar-reai lung yet attained lor Hie advancement ot
spmplfn? ore was sent to I) mglas till.;
week for testing operations. Some of
the leasors are getting very good re
turns, and it is said that one K-aso
in the I .tick y Cuss Is in silver tivid ore
(Continued on race Two)
Arizona in a general way. in that no far stretch lies between the practicability
of copper products manufactories at the very doors of Cornelia plants, an out
come that would not be long in having result of placing Arizona on the in
dustrial map as one of the greatest divisions of raw materials production TWO
THE BISBEtl DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 16, 1918.
INCREASED PRODUCTION AND GAINS
PROMISED IN MIDYEAR MINE RESUME
and finished products output in the t port during the balance of their lives.
coun:rv.
The Way Of It
Necessity remains the mother of in
vention. To make good during the war
period, Arizona copper producers have
been harder put to it by federal and
state conditions Imposed upon them
than have the producers of any other
war material In any part of the coun
try, and they have left no stone un
turned in making good. Operating uu
der a government fixed price for cop
ner. on a maximum basis of 23 1-2 cts..
with a government fixed wage based!
This is fortunately true since many
young men have been drawn into the
war. The policy of normal times was
to protect these shareholders by giving
their shares as stable a market price
as possible. The increased dividends
which became possible while copper
was permitted to sell on an open mar
ket and commanded a high price, gave
the copper shares stability and some
little uplift during a period in 'which
the general tendency of the market
was to panic and sharp decline. Dur
ing the same period the copper pro-
nn 2fi rt cnnner. the waee on a mini-i ducers were dealing with their employ
mum basis, with the cost of every item I es cn the same liberal basis, the up
in the widely varied list of supplies j wards of 40,004 men employed in the
necessary in the conduct of metal pro-j mines and plants of Arizona receiving
duction rising month by month, with : increased pay, based on the price of
assessments of heavy war and excess copper, which represented larger shar
profit taxes, adding from three cents ing of profits, larger dividend pay
to twelve cents to the cost of each ments on work proportionately, than
pound of copper they produce, and fi- j did the increase in dividends to the
nally with a 25 advance in freight j 120,000 owners of the mines and plants
charges on all their oil, coke, coal, tim- with their money risked in these, mon
ber (these items figure In train loads ey that in thany instances had been
the week) steel, powder and all of earned by the hardest kind of life toil,
the hundreds of other items of sup- Making it Clear
Protecting the shareholders in the
markets has not involved the presen
tation of any standard exhibition of
costs from year to year by the mining
companies, nor has it involved a dis
play of the hazards, financially, of op
eration or of the necessity for earning
plies they are constantly shipping, not
to mention the daily haulage of thou
sands of tons of ore and concentrates
within th state, copper producers,
from the mucker to the general man
ager in Arizona, assuredly have been
compelled to invent and dig and dig
and invent in order to make gooa 10 ( and keeping large surplus accounts
the nation and themselves through
keeping mines and plants going and
the country and its allies unemDas
rassed by any shortage of metal for
war needs. The responsibility upon
Arizona copper producers in this re
spect, it must be remembered, amounts
to providing more than one-third of all
the available copper each month, and
and maintaining these well up in order
to be prepared for emergencies of new
equipment, expensive new exploration,
the necessary acquirement of new prop
erties in order to keep going, the meet
ing of emergency taxes, the facing of
such crises as suddenly developed in
1914, compelling, because of lack of
large surplus accounts, the laying oft
there has been no time in the last 0f halff the working forces of mines
year that the nation and its allies have ( mills and smelters, with the attend
not needed all of that one-third to fill . ance of more acute involuntary dis-
their actual war requirements.
0
Troubles at Home
tress among workers in the state than
ever before or since witnesses and
Handicaps at home have constant j carrying no less distress to a great
presence. Arizona is isoiaiea. .very
pound of its industrial supplies comes
from outside. The great bulk of all
living necessities is imported. It is
in the same fix as regards labor. Short
ages must be made up from outside.
The draft, higher wages on govern
ment contract work than the copper
mines have been able to pay on the
low price of copper, as compared with
costs of the latter under normal con
manv shareholders in the mines whose
dividends, or interest on their money,
were curtailed. Another emergency
item of present prevalence about
which practically nothing is realized
by the general public is that of neces
sity of finding the money to carry all
copper produced for a period of four
mouths that is. payment to the pro
ducer of the copper four months after
he has made the metal. In other words,
ditions of 1913". have drawn heavily! all the costs of mining and everything
from its necessary complement of men j else entering into the making and put-
in all divisions of operation. Then, I ting of the metal in the hands of the
notwithstanding the exposures of the i purchaser must be carried by the pro-
strike period of last year and the pro- ducer for four months. At the present I
Germanism which was brought to ligJit ' rate of Arizona production, figuring I
as the dominant factor behind these cost at 15 cts. the pound, which is ma
strikes, there has been incessant pok'
ing at the labor situation and an oc
casional attempt to start bon-fires.
Propaganda counteracting that of the
radicals and the vagrants of the i. W.
V. whom German gold is keeping
steadily on the job has been necessary
continuously and forcefully through
the efforts of all loyal citizens. Hap
pily they have added daily to their
numbers and are this time in an ascen
terially less than most of the produc-
ct 9 aic uianiug tut u iu ciai mi, iu-i
is an item of $50,000,000 that they are
obliged to advance each quarter for a
four month period without interest. It
is no secret that some, however, are
obliged to pay interest in order to get
the money in advance.
Ought Not To, But Would
Clear statements of standard kind,
setting forth plainly the costs of min
dency that is net likely of either being jng from all angles, would put copper
overcome or of being checked in its mining shares on the same plane as
work of converting those who have j those of great industrial enterprises
been misled by the tongues of traitors. jn manufacturing lines. The glamour
Recent outbursts from champions of attaching to mining shares would be
the radical disturbing element, it may j dissipated and the public be forced to
be added, have been fortunate. They understand that the industry repre
clnared the way for exposure of their j sented conservative investment assur
real attitudes, or at least of the re-1 ing return of conservative interest on
suits of the attitude they assumed. . investment, as compared with hazard.
The eyes of a great many people have ! This should not depreciate the value of
been opened and radicalism looks to i copper shares in the markets, although
be by way of early and permanent it might have that effect temporarily,
shelving for the balance of the war There would be a reaction in due time
period. i that would carry the stocks in all prob-
I a Vital Need ability to permanently higher levels.
That this result should come about ; But no one likes to take a plunge into
is of the ntmcst importance if copper; an icy bath, even though knowing they
is to keep going from the state, as is will be better for it afterward. In the
so necessary, in full amount each : mining districts the effect would be
month so long as the war shall last. : early and the permanent benefits re
Realization of this has become a large suiting would doubtless In the course
factor with everybody associated with 'of a little time make up to the share
the industry in the state. All loyal j hoder any temporary loss, through as
men feel that they have responsibility suring him that those operating the
and that the latter carries with it the i properties had a better understanding
duty of showing things to others in of bis position and that both were go
the same light. Another important ing ahead in the future with under
factor is the growing realization that ' standing that each was doing thq open
the copper property owners are carry-. thing. Thus would a serious cause ot
ing burdens of cost in addition to the misunderstanding in the past be re
hnrdens of other operating problems moved. Worked out in a recent issue
that are saddling them with all they , of the Mining & Engineering Journal
t an possibly stacger under. , , by T. A. McGrath, of Shattuck-Arizona,
About Costs is a plan for a standard manner of re-
The time is rapidly coming when it port by mining companies which, if
will be necessary to have more frank-, brought into usage, would accomplish
ness about costs. The increased much of that which has bei pointed
frankness that hag come about as to to as needful. f
other matters of interest to employers : Increased Investment
and employes in the state has paved ! The tendency to larger investment
the way for this. Besides which, the ' in Arizona copper development has
men themselves can see and do see. been marked in the Inst several
But there are some things that they j months. Impetus was given by the cx
fannot see unless the books are put pectation of a higher price being fixed
before them. In these things the pro- by the government for the metal. In
(German disturbers are finding t'tc on
ly handle that is left them to work
with. It is extant in continued high
rate of dividend payments without the
attendance of explanation that those
dividends ARB NOT coming in the
main from current earnings and that
it. is now a nuestion of but a short
time until surplus accounts will be
down to where they cannot longer be
drawn upon to make up the difference
between current earnings and current figure on being in the market with a
dividends. Owners, as represented by! product in metal under two or three
Oiare holders In Arizona dividend pay-j years at the very latest. World de
ing mines represent probably more mand for copper will then or later, dur
than 100.000 persons scattered through ing the several years following the
out the T'nited States. More than 10. lend of the war. send the metal to new
fUtO of these owners have been esti-high price levels. At least it seems
mated to be men in the employ of the ' reasonable to so expect, calculating on
mines and plants of the state, ranging i supply and demand. Silver will also
from mucker to general manager. The be worth more and it is not now indi-
majority of the shareholders are pco- rated where enough of it can come
vestlgation went along with this, how
ever, and the investor who looked the
situation over carefully arrived at the
conclusion that whether or not the
government advancer! thp nrice the in
vestment looked good. Any in.spec!
tion of the situation is certain of bring
ing such conclusion. Time is required
to develop and "equip mines. Those
undertaking legitimate endeavors in
this respect at the present time cannot
tile who look to the dividend returns
from their holdings to support them
and their families in material part.
Thousands of boys and girls in t.'ie
I'nited States have been able to go
through schools and universities only
liy reason or these dividends and there
are hundreds of aged cpnplcs. partlcn
lirlr in the IaVe country and the
from to meet world requirements after
the war. Silver is an important factor
in practically all new developing cop
per country in Arizona.
New Production
Demi Arizona is the largest new pro
ducer in prespeet for Arizona ; an
early date. It appenred in ;!n M i.v IKt
for the first time :is a producer, " jili
New liiiilnud states who look to tli se j L't4.iii7 pounds for that month, which
dividends to provide their main sup- will help w itli development charges.
It will soon be known if Denn is to
make a great mine. This will be told
on the 1600 level in all likelihood.
They might have to go deeper for
final determination, but that is not
now considered probable.. At present
they are unwatering the 1600, a task
which will be finished in a matter of
days, when development will go for
ward rapidly. The-Jerome district is
probably next in advancement toward
the making of important new mines.
Jerome Verde is considered the near
est of the properties there to reaching
definite results. It has been a long
time on the work, but faith is unshak
en. Gadsden- is considered to rank
second to Jeropie Verde in point of
possibility of coming into a mine at an
early time. Those are not lacking who
believe that Gadsden will be first to
win through in the group of develop
ing properties in the Jerome district
In the Globe Miami district there are
New Dominion, Porphyry Copper and
several other promising properties.
Reports from Porphyry Copper all
agree that it has practically made a
mine. Iron Cap, Commercial and Old
Dominion have established some very
important things in connection with
rich and large ore resources at greater
depth in the district than previously
mined and are extending the value ot
these findings. The work done in this
respect in the last year has been ot
the highest importance. Magma has
accomplished great things in the Su
perior district at depth. Other devel
opment there has gained increased
favor. In the north the Kay property
in the Black Canyon country is com
ing forward and receiving much atten
tion. George Long, of United Eastern
believes the Kay will make a great
copper mine and with his associates
is setting about giving it the advan
tage of all the research and develop
ment that money and mining intelli
gence may dictate. Shannon Copper
Co. in Yeager canyon is putting much
money into exploration of the property
it has taken under bond there and at
the present time it is considered that
it is in fair way of acquiring a good
mine. In the Tucson country there is
much intelligent endeavor and ade
quate money going into the San Xav
ier and other near-by districts. The
Tush enterprises have made good and
may expand materially beyond present
attainments. The Freeriian-Reiniger
interests near by, an association of
very strong coal and iron interests in
West Virginia and Ohio, have abun
dantly financed work which has gone
into ore and is promising of opening
more of a mineralized area than has
yet been entered in the district. In
the Patagonia and Chiricahua moun
tain country there has been important
engagement of new financial interests
and these district may loom large be
fore a great while as producers of sil
ver with values in copper and gold. All
over the state, in every mining district
there is more or less new development
going on, with the attendance of ?ood
promise. Back of it is earnest desire
to serve the nation and its allies with
development and metal, and beyond
this the belief that this is the dayot
sunshine in which to find metal lor
the unprecedented demand that will
revelop after the war.
Coming in Soon
- United Verde Extension smelter will
very soon be handling the ores of that
property, therewith making room for
more custom ore treatment in the oth
er smelters cf.the state. Ray Hercu
les should be operating its mill in a
matter of days, which will mean the
outpue of concentrates and the adding
of this property to the list of Arizona
producers. It will be good for up
wards of a million pounds of new cop
per the month when they get broken
In. Shattuck-Arizona will soon have
its mill going and therewith will lift
its total output. Copper Queen will
not be long in coming into additional
ore for smelter from Sacramento Hill,
and with the erection of the mill for
the handling of the bulk of the hill
production will gain materially in ton
nage for the smelter at Douglas. The
mill foundations are now being made
and the work is to rush as fast as it
can be made to go. Tracks have been
put down to the site near Don Luis in
the Warren district and speed is the
word that has won out. On the mill
and the Sacramento-hill development
the company Is putting out proh.ibly
more than ten million dollars, in one
way or another, from which it cannot
expect returns until the mill cets to
going, which may be some time next
year. At Jerome United Verde is un
dertaking an enterprise involving
mere millions in the ropner industry
in the state and carrying with it an
other great steam fhovel project. Re
sults in increased tonnage for the
smeller, where enlargements are go
ing on to meet the greater ere produc
tion, will be coming k'notit from this
stram shovel enterprise next year. It
will give to the stele three steam shov
el mines, Ajo. IHsbee and Jerome. No
ether copper state is operating more
than one steam shovel property. At
Jerome and Bisbee thia most modern
method of mining will bo hand in hand
with deep mining, the deepest in the
west, Butte excepted. At Humboldt
Consolidated Arizona is steadily in
creasing its smelter rapacity, in whic'i
it is encouraged to even sreater steps
than thus far provided for by the
splendid finding:; it has made in its
mines on the deeper levels, where very
much of importance has been accom
plished in establishing that tlif re is
another northern district that can be
counted upon for great depth and in
creased richness as' depth is attained.
At Ajo the preparations go ahead
for equipping New Cornelia with mill
and smelter by 192!, and hand in hand
with this Is the development that H
now being got well under way with
underground workings of the Ajo Con
solidated property which was taken
over by Cornelia last year and which
gives increasing premise as develop
ment proceeds of adding lnrpelv to the
commercial ore possession.; of Corne
lia, now fixed lit iibiive 70.nnfi.ot') m-v-..
ANACONDA MAY OUTPUTjGRiMES NOW ABLE
EXCEEDS PA3I NONIUS! 10 STRAIGHTEN UP
Anaconda Copper Company's produc
tion of 2S.400.000 pounds of copper for
the month of May was not only the
highest output for this year, but inci
dentally was the largest for the past
twelve months. the corresponding
month a year ago having the same
total as just reported. This perform
ance at this time is particularly grati
fying considering that there is a gen
eral shortage cf labor throughout the
mining companies, due primarily to
the war.
For the first five months of the cur
rent year. Anaconda has produced ap
proximately 1S2.O0O.00O pounds of cop
per which compares with 142,000.000
in the same period of 1817. a decreease
of about 10.000,000 pounds. This drop
in cutput, however, should be practi
cally wiped out by the end of this
month, for a year ago in June, the
strike of miners cut down production
to 20.400.000. which finally decreased
to only 2,800,000 in September when
the strike was eventually settled.
Last year Anaconda reported a total
of 253.500.000 pounds so that in five
months this year the company has pro
duced well over half of the entire am
ount of 1917. Thus if the same month
ly average is maintained the rest of
the seven months Anaconda will have
approximately 315.000,000 pounds.
From present indications it is believed
that from now out production ought
to increase considering that most of
the difficulties which were encounter
ed at the beginning of the year have
been Ircned out.
Had Suffered Torture With
Rheumatism for Ten
Long Years
MINING WORK AT
TOMBSTONE CONTINUES
(Continued fion Page One)
that runs very high in values. The
country that is now being developed
by the Phelps Dodge people Is tho
country where those who have ob
served the formation and country in
general have staked their faith in a
copper mine being developed with
depth. Iron capping the manganese
and as depth is attained copper has
shown up any where from one-half to
2 per cent. The geologists who have
looked this ground over, in the past,
have counted on copper being found in
paying quantities at or in the water
levels.
Employes of the United Verde mine
at Jerome have bought over ?50.000
worth of Thrift Stamps and Baby
Bonds.
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
"I actually gained ten pounds .i:
two bottles of Tannic and it has fixed
me up in spl;n!id shape after every
thirg else had failed to !o me auv
good," saiil C. H. Grimes, a well known
cat pent?.-, of 164 Roy street. Serftl'.
"For ten long years 1 suffered tor
tures f;-oni indigestion and rheuma
tism." he continued; "and during tin
rust tv.o years I became very much
worse. Last summer I was in such bad
shnpe that I was barely able to get
around and just cne month ago I felt
so miserable that I was afraid I'd have
o ito to bed and stay there. My stom
ach wns in such an awful fix that I
cuuld hirdly take any nourishment at
all. Y.'lwt little I did force down sour
ad on my stomach and swelled me up
so I could hardly breathe and I wis so
weak that I could hardly walk a birr,!;
without giving oe. My head ached
like it would split, my kidneys gave
me no end of trouble and I had such
an awful pain In my hack nt t'mes
that I felt like I couldn't stand it. Ev
ery muscle in my body ached with
lheuniatism and my joints would ge'
pso stiff that I couldn't straiclrteu un
My right leg was lame from the knee
down and I could scarcely use my right
hand at all. My face was so drawn
and suuken in that anybody could see
that I was a mighty sick man.
"I reckon I took about every medi
cine there is in the market trying to
get well, but I grew worse instead of
better. I hoped against hope though,
and when I heard so much a bo--'. T;;n
lac I decided to try it next. As soo-.:
as I started on my firt bottlo I fc;r
it was beginning to straighten me out
and soon I realized that at last I had
found what I needed. Wcl!, sir. my
appetite has picked up so o:ukrt,il'y
that I am always the first at the tabln
and the last to leave. My stomach i
fn fine condition, and I cm cat any
thing I want without having a bit cf
trouble afterwards. My Hdneys ar-"
working all right too, and that awful
pain in my hack is clean got.-"". I
haven't a twinge of rheumatism ai;out
n;e and I am taking on weight y fa:;t
that my face has filled out and I lct';k
like a different person. Tanlar has
helped me so wonderfully th-t it U
hard for me to tell hov.- grateful I an:
for ali it has done for me."
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Doug'.r.s Drug Co .
In Paradise by G. A. Walker, in l.ov. ie
by Bowi? Drug Store, in San Simon by
J. B. Cooke, in Willcox by A. A. Nichol
son, in Lowell by Lowell Drug Co., in
Benson ly C. F. ?.Ioss Pharmacy, and
In Glee, on by B. A. Taylor. Adv.
Attention Stockholders
OF THE
Jerome-Portland Mining
Company:
On Wednesday, June 19, 1918, at 7:30
P. M., at the Royal Theater, Bisbee, there
will be a SPECIAL MEETING of all Stock
holders of the Jerome Portland Copper Min
ing con jpany in this district for the purpose
of making arrangements for the salvation
of the property. All parties holding stock
or are interested are requested to attend. The
meeting is cf a VERY IMPORTANT nature.
MRS. M. MARKS, Resident Director.
FRANK H. DYER, Receiver.
Mr. Frank H. Dyer, receiver for the
corrpany, is stil! maintaining head
quarters at the office of Hogan &
Seed where he will be pleased to
meet every stockholder of the com
pany and explain final arrange
ments for the court settlement.
The Jerome-Portland Mining Company
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
try '.ir s-j Hirers
K - J r TH .a J w rJ
WiBB2lW24Ha
7V.-3r a:e hc
urs;
nevan oreounirrrM
yvwAVAVwywvvvvWv
CHICHESTER S PILLS
W- THIS 1IAMNI BRAND. A
I.adlr! Aak yir lmrli for a
hl-bM-trr IHuotid TlrudA
I'lIU la Ktd n.i told mrtAllicW
boi, sc&lr-l with lilue KlL.'xiO. Y
Tk other. Rur ef jawe
imrit. Auf" un k:-tfh";
UIA.UllNI IIR.tMl I'IM.S K
yew knownas Bt, Safest. Always keHaM
SOLD 8YTO0EIS EVERYWHERE
Advantages accrue to your financial in
terests by having good banking connec
tions. Have you a checking account have
you one here'
We welcome new Checking Accounts
small or large.
SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES FOR RENT
THE DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS
C'l'iiu'eie len'rt's for t'c mioii'Ii oi
April broke all records of product I :n
I'j, the I'nited Kaslcrn Minim: con.
;miv a' Oilman. During the nmith a
total of 7.97"i tons of ore were tp . . I - I .
Ii ivinu a total value ir SI -77. Wl.Y A
pen ill i-e of e:iiv: tin t.s . in ; '1
of W ris :md not hr of ur, i,j o
were realized.
BO 0 iilS
OF-
Solid Comfort
Right Down Town
Stanton & Overland St 8.
EL PASO, TEXAS
HntR Navnv
Ccar.ian &. Schaldach, Preps,
Operated on Merit Try It
Best Dollar Day Houuc in the
Great Southwest
1H "2 117 J J
as nrm water neater
For Attaching
to Your -
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply of
hot watrr nt reasonable cost.
Call at our rtorc and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
I v
iji :
II I j
Sisbee Improvement Co. THREE
News of Social Circles
The ladies who sewed for the Red
Cross Thursday at tha F:!ks Club ors
Mesdaiues Kane. Maddock, Krickson.
Sanders, llutterfield, Keni.aug'.i, Tret
Gundery, Sr., Jhn, Lar.s. Horry, 1! n
toa and Hubbard.
" !s tS
Miss Ruby Knowles entertained the
"Fedelis" class ot the First Baptist
Church at the home of her parents
Mr. and .Mrs. V. Knowles. on Warren
Hill. Friday evening. June 7th.
After the business had been attend
ed to a pleasant evening was spent in
playing games and singing. Refresh
ments were then served to the follow
ing members: Misses Ma Waikins,
Ksther Lange, Fhoehe Holt, Mabel low
ing. Ruby Knowles. Frances Rowe, and
Ruth Jones. Mesdames Itondie, Grant,
H. O. Fans and V. Knowles.
The play called a Pageant for the
Present Hour given by the pupils of
the Loretto s?hool was held on Tues
day, June 11, at the St. Patricks Hall,
anil was very much enjoyed by all who
attended. The orchestra gave a con
cert for a half hour, rendering popu
lar and national pieces. The entire
, performance was well planned and
well staged and was thoroughly en
joyed by all who attended.
35 5J 35 '
Mae Esther Thompson English and
neice. Miss Crystal Waters, who has
spent three months visiting her aunt,
left Friday for San Antonio, Texas,
where they will spend the summer
with Mrs. English's mother and other
relatives. The many friends of Mrs.
English will be glad to know that she
will return to the Warren District this
fall, and will continue her work as
teacher of dramatic art
!S !S
Because of the illness of her mather,
Mr. and Mrs. Roy Holcomb of Quality
Rill will leave soon for Los Angeles,
to be pone indefinitely. For two years
and a half Mr. Holcomb has been as
sociated w-ith Henderson and Watkins
Lumber Co.
They are leaving a host of warm
friends, who will regret to learn of
their departure.
;g i!J S
Mr. and Mrs. George Perry of Qual
ity Hill, are leaving Saturday for the
coast.
Mrs. George Jay and family, and
Mrs. T. J. Homewood will leave in the
Jay car for Berners today for a month
outing.
A. F. F. W. wish to thar.k the chil
dren of Grade 4A of the Central school
for the 50 nicely made pieces of cloth
ing which will be sent to the poor chil
dren of France very soon.
ti 2 i;
The women of the Lincoln school,
the Parent Teachers Association, serv
ed refreshments at the Warren l'ark
dance Saturday night for the benefit
t of the Red Cross. A great deal of
trouble was taken to make this a
worth while affair in a financial way.
Ice cream cones were served on a tray
that had been covered with white
crepe paper with red crosses adorning
each one and bright ribbon handles.
Those who served were the following:
Mesdames J. B. Williams, T. E. Will
iams, Arthur, Chain, Hayes. Tuston,
Cooper, Harris, Ccbbe, Hatcher Wick
ern, and Wertz. The teachers were
Misses Wacek, Petloff, Opal Core,
Minnie Frisbee and Beaumont of Doug
las.
lg !
The Red Cross Nursery seems to be
working out nicely. A number of chil
dren have been left in the care of
these competent women. It is indeed
gratifying to know that the women of
the Warren District are responding
so rapidly. This will give a great
many workers to the Red Cross daily
that would never have ben able to
go otherwise. There were five children
to be looked after in Lowell Thursday
afternoon. It is sincerely hoped that
this will continue. There will be some
one in charge at the Y. W. C. A. on
Mondays. Wednesdays and Fridays. In
Warren at the Warren Park every af
ternoon but Monday. In Lowell every
afternoon.
n- &
A certain elderly lady in Bisbee can
knit a sock in 3 hours and 15 minutes.
That is swift work and deserves praise
for she will certainly help to lick the
Kaiser. By keeping the feet of the
soldier boys warm, health will be 100'
She is doing a great deal for her coun
try in her quiet unassuming way, go
ing steadily along without praise but
glad of the opportunity to do her share
in making a man's life in the trendies
as comfortable as possible.
; ;
The Bisbee A. F. F. W. lost one of
its best workers when Miss J. F.
Burch left to enter a training school
for nurses in California, but her many
friends feel that she will make a suc
cess of this work as she has done in
the past This is a patriotic calling
and whoever offers their services to
the cause of the. winning of the war
deserves the highest praise.
, e? e;
Many slings and sling strings were
made for the A. F. F. W. at the Gar
field school on Thursday. The follow
ing helping, Mesdames Hogan, Parr,
Pernell. Griffiih. Chain, T. K. Will
iams. Hardin. Sowerbutts. Arthur, Dal
ly. Hughes and Prather. Gladys and
Robert Prather made 100 compresses.
Mrs. Frantzen in charge.
IS K: Vi
Mr. Metz of the Pioneer Soda Works
donated three cases of soda to be sold
and the money turned over to the Red
Cross Tlte sum of JM.fiS was made.
With a donation of $;"..00 this made a
donation of $118.65 clear. Mrs. Ross
Griffith is chairman of this committee.
1
. Les Jeune Club had their regulnr
meeting at Mrs. T. E. Williams' home
in Tombstone Canyon. Saturday after
noon and their efforts were well re
warded, in doing their bit for the poor
children of France. Their work is
making children's clothing and knit
ting chin hands for the Poilus, and
shows much patience and skill on the
part of Mrs. Williams, their teacher
monitor. They pre each sending 15
cents to France to aid in restocking
! of ir-.M.y devastated farms in eggs,;
i chickens and rail bit!. T'lis 15 cents I
buys a hatching nyi: in France, then!
; if this egg 'tatehes a hen. then the hen
lays 1'JU eg;-'s. sds hatches and pro
' vities one year's o"d for a French
child. Tiie club v. ill have a meeting
ir.cxt Wednesday ."t ih". heme of Mrs.
I T. E. Wiliinis.
I
! The following is a report of the
Red Cross word dene at Elks Club:
! Knitting Report far May, 1918.
550 prs. socks. 225 lbs. at f2.:;5. $528.75
C9 sweaters. tiO l'us, $141.0!)
29 helmets, 7 lbs $ 16.45
20 niuffler3. 20 lbs $ 47.00
Total - $733.20
Surgical dressings furnished or
Mav, ISIS: Tombstone 39.024, 24
Sxl2. 4S 12x21. 24 12x16. Total 39.096.
Benson SO T-bandages. Bisbee Worn
ans Club. 14.622: Catholic Church 202S
Lowell, S3S3; Warren. Sx4. 6997: Lib
rary. 15S2; Elks 29:14. Total, 3G.546.
Bisbee cut 8.737 yards of gauze, value
$502.38.
? !? S?
Finished Garments for May, 1918.
PAJA.MA SUITS $1,043.40.
Warren : - 123
Ixmell .. 75
St. David 6
Catholic Ladies 46
Garfield - 61
Jiggerville -. 104
Naco 13
Den Luis 41
Tombstone 6
Bisbee : 87
Total 564
HOSPITAL SHIRTS $S26.15.
Warren 51
Lowell 4 15
Catholic Ladies : 28
! Garfield 23
Jiggerville 51
Naco 30
Don Luis 21
Tombsaone 15
Benson 35
Bisbee 221
Total 533
COMFORT KITS 590.00.
Warren 75
Lowell 54
Catholic Ladies 87
Garfield .. 54
Jiggerville 72
Don Luis 41
Bisbee 215
Total 600
AVIATOR COATS $10.75. Warren 7.
HOSPITAL SLIPl'ERS $5.25.
Warren 4
Garfield 6
Tombstone 25
Total : 35
, From Hereford Canes, 100; Ambu
lance pillows, 2; Wash clothes, 14;
Quilts, 3; Napkins, 2.
IS !S !S
Last Sunday the C. & A. hospital
was thrown open to the public to in
spect, criticize and admire. The rest
rooni3 and corridors are so large and
airy that it seemed almost like a re
ception instead of an informal Open
ing. It should be considered a society
item, for one saw many they knew en
joying the interesting objects of hos
pital lore. Dr. Bledsoe made qui:e an
event of this day.
After months of planning and schem
ing this establishment is at last fin
ished. Ideal in its locality, it would
be almost a pleasure to be ill beneath
it's roof for one look at the view from
the windows makes a sick person take
a deep breath and a new lease on life.
The real story of this hospital will
come out later when it is really open
for occupancy, but now just a little
description is very hard to resist with
it's well furnished rooms, .light and
sterile. But not to neglect the men
tion of the nurses' quarters. Whoev
er planned this building certainly had
a great amount of consideration in his
mind for the white linen nurse that
wculd pace the long corridors with
weary feet day after day, night after
night. For not in any large city could
there be found a more tastefully dec
orated solarium, large lounges, com
fortable chairs and nicest of all a tea
wagon where afternoon tea may be
served to each nurse and her friends.
Agreeable surroundings are half the
battle. When they are tired, a place
like this in which to rest will be a
grfat comfort.
The public who came prepared to
view Sunday were indeed surprised to
find such a modern place in which to
care for the sick out here in Bisbee.
New bethods and equipment are
utilized in this white, clean sanitarium
With a staff of competent doctors and
well trained nurses relief from pain
will be found.
;
RED CROSS SHOP
There are so many things to be done
so many phases and angles in which
to help in this great struggle for the
right that in the hurry and flurry of
war work an item of great interest
and benefit might be easily overlooked.
One such is the Red Cross Shop,
which deserves consideration if any
thing does. For it is a business the
same as any mercantile establishment
and things must be kept in order. The
sh p must lie open at a certain hour
and most of all a sanitary condition
must be supreme. Quietly and orderly
this worthy occupation moves along.
Hut these faithful women are reward
ed when the sum of $60 is turned in
some weeks.
Two days a week are devoted to
mending these clothes so that they
will be more salable. Winter clothing
must be packed away in order. One
day is devoted in a general cleaning
up of the shop. The place is so small
that every hit of room possible is util
ized for the display of apparel. H is
a profitable business and every thing
possible should be done to help and
encourage it.
When some of the things are sent In
they are not as clean as they minht
be. but are appreciated nevertheless,
for they can be turned over to the
junk department. All things have
their places of usefulness. The good
things are disposed of quickly so a
constant demand is in order all the
rA UTUMX LEAVES HEIGHTEN THIS
SPORTS COAT Oil DARK BROWN SI LIZ
i
Of Interest
time. As well as giving to the Red
There are a thousand new and in
teresting things to do since the war
began and so many of one's interest
ing friends have gone to fight it is
necessary to keep busy. Decorating
a house is a pleasant pastime and a
relief from war work. Beautiful new
straw fabrics in plain colors and
stripes which are suitable for' furnit
ure coverings as well as for portieres
between rooms. Behind the divans,
these straw fabrics which recall the
sails of boats, would be very effective
in straws of blue and green, violet and
green cr in two tones of yellow. Leath
er armchairs, too, might be decorative
reupholsted in this material in un
usual shades. The new flowers to
decorate rooms are so unique that
they must be mentioned. These are
not ordinary artificial flowers of silk
or cotton but really fantastic flowers
full of poetry, like one sees on Chinese
pcttcry jsrs. Pale anemones, edged
with blue red with blue stamens, pep
per blosscms with their flexible
branches ii.eaxy- with their weicht of
searlet tassels. There is an infinite
var;oty of flowers, all of them appro
priate for lacquered rooms where real
:tlov(rs seem to highly colored. Fresh
j filowers must be kept for crystal vas
les where modern influences havn't
i gained sway completely,
j WAISTCOATS
A woman may be distinguished from
I ether women by the color and shape of
I her waistcoat. There are no color
j restrictions. It may be of blue or ot
white, green or pink, but at least it
must make a bright note in a dark
costume like a lily In a patch of pop
pies. ThN little light placard is the
whole spirit of a dress and endless in
genuity goes into its making. It may
be the waistcoat of a Breton peasant
square and short, embroidered in every
brilliant color that one sees in the
i:reton fields, or it may be the waist
coat of a thoroughly modern maid
straight from Paris, buttoned from top
to bottom with pearl buttons. But
white waistcoats that come down to
the knees may be had in white and
natural colored kid, embroidered with
a narrow festoon on the edge. And
then another of the shade of pink that
looks tempting upon blondes with a
creamy jabot of lace at the throat
which is very open, but instead of a
pinch of snuff that the grand dames
of old used to take, a pinch of powder
is now used.
There are Chinese and Persian fab
rics combining the most marvelous
colors with the richest materials.
There may be varieties of them since
no particular color or form is noticed.
The back of these waistcoats is al
ways made of a lining material such
as is used for a man's, as it is only
the fronts that show in the opening
of these coats. They are made with
fulness either in the way that they
cross i l the front or in the ruffles of
mull which form a basque on the back
These are quite different from any
thing wc have ever had. One has
trimness that is almost masculine in
its crisp organdie front, but it has
trimming that Is altogether feminine
in its frilly fluted) ruffles; it may be
of any color that suits one's peculiar
style of beauty. If one has a costume
that is very solier a waistcoat that is
very gay should be worn with it as
gay as one with white satin girdle sur
rounded by embroidery of brilliant
Japanese design. A waistcoat is often
that final touch that makes a costume:
Cross it is helping the poor and needy
in the community who cannot afford
to buy such nice materials at the
stores but are able to get them for a
very small amount here.
Summer clothing is in demand but
all kinds and every thing is accepta
ble. A very nice bicycle may make
some little boy happy for $5 if he
would just take a little peep in the
window. Magazines for the men who
read may be had for the sum of five
cents.
This Red Cross Shop has come to
stay and might as well be considered
an establishment, for that Is just what
it is. Mrs. Hawley and her corps of
workers should be recognized as wor
thy of praise for their able efforts in
this line of work.
The new dollars bill will appear in
Julv. t'niiio on!
J,lWf vol t
rut
It seems almost useless to attempt
to net a beautiful butterfly when it
13 very doubtful whether any winped ;
thinjr can equal the beauty of thi3 !
wonderful sport coat. Sleeveless and
with a leafy lightness that only the
thinnest of silk can give, it poisesres
exquisite beauty that is heightened
by the prettily wTousht leaves ja
the wood-hrowa around.
to Women
chic; it may be as gay or sober as one
desires.
LINGERIE
To really enjoy the luxurious com
fort of a negligee, one should wear a
boudoir corset as guiltless of bones as
possible. One of triple voile trimmed
with bands of pink satin and hand
some flowers, and it Is every bit as
dainty as the boudoir cap that goes
with it, of fine cream Malines lace
with flowers in pastel shades. The
love of beautiful laces 'and linens is
second nature to a woman and as soon
expect the sun not to rise as to doubt
it. That is why every woman loves a
night robe made of pure handkerchief
linen, embrodcred and trimmed with
Valenciennes lace and rose satin rib
bons. The attached sleeves of Valen
ciennes lace is unusual and a set of
underwear may be had to match the
gown. Soft and fine and lacy is a
chemise of hand woven linen embroid
ered and edged with Einche lace and
trimmed with rose satin ribbons.
Drawers to match are trimmed with
rose satin. A charming camisole is of
filet lace. Malines edging and rose rib
bens. The drawers are of flesh voile
and Valenciennes lace with pink rib
bons, and the garters are of soft rose
satin and lace and loops of ribbons
and rosebuds. A chemise of fine linen
tucked, embroidered and trimmed with
Valenciennes lace and rose satin rib
bons, a petticoat to match is of sheer
lawn with an organdie flounce edged
with point lace. Rose satin banders
are embroidered with the name of the
garments which they. hold. The feeling
of fine handkerchief linen is very
pleasant next to the skin, but can
hardly take the place that crepe de
chine has held so long. Nothing is so
pretty as the glimpse of these soft and
lacy garments through lacy frocks.
An unusual durable envelope chem
ise is made of fine nainsook with Phil
lipine hand embroidery. A nightgown
of fine nainsook is proudly conscious
that it is unusually becoming, its band
of embroidery and it3 edge and inser
tion of Valenciennes lace more than
compensate for machine embroidery.
Pajamas of crepe de chine are banded
with a contrasting color, and the upper
garment ties under the arms with tas
sels. A recent and wholly practical
lingerie novelty is the gown of silk
shirting which gives lasting wear. Ab
solutely sleeveless robes, de nuit, are
the most sensible things in this hot
weather. These materials are so
scarce that it is very wise to purchase
these now as before long the prices
will not be within range of a war in
come. Y. W. C. A. Notes
Another delightful "hostess house"
party was given at the Y to the sol
dier boys from Lowell, Ikniglas and
Naco on Friday night. June 14. The
decoration of flowers was effective,
daisies predominating, forming a love
ly setting for pretty girls and straight
soldiers. These affairs are always a
success and the only trouble to be
found is that they are too far apart.
With good music, light chatter, delic
ious refreshments and a good program
what more could a soldier boy desire.
Mrs. J. P. Williamson had charge ol
the program and it follows banjo solo
Mr. Brown; vocal soio. Olive Horton;
vocal solo, Mr. E. I Blair; vocal solo.
Miss Anna Wallace; piano solo. Mrs.
Douglas; vocal solo, Mr. Ferraro and
another vocal solo by Miss Lenore Al
len. Mrs. Richard Thomas had charge
of the social and refreshment commit
tees. Mrs. Henry Pierce and Mrs. Col
ton were the gracious hostesses.
Twenty girls are expected to arrive
in Bisbee for the summer work in the
public schools. The new floor of the
Y will be ready for occupancy by that
time. There are more calls for places
to live than the Y can accommodate
even yet.
Miss Rernice McCurdy will return
to camp in Hamsey Canyon to assume
her duties as camp guardian this week.
She Is very eager to be gone as camp
life is very attractive to her.
There is a demand for offers of peo-
I'le who have automobiles and would
he kind enough to lorni thciu that gir's
I may be ( an i' d to a V. t'n-m the ;im!
I The people' iiave Deen very cenerous
! witli ;h"ir cars an.! i. i. in.ii'i-j un-j
pr- '.at'd ii'ii :'' r- r- -: s.ime girl i j
I to he taken ,;:i ail ir vou::! l.r er:- j
! sid"icd a gre.ir favor i:' those uho are ,
1 i!l:;i;; . uM jii:... -..'A .V:-. ' ohon a:ul j
j let h'T kl.o.' '..'; 'i v: n,vl be imi- .
: vcnii ut to ha vi: li e u :.- a :
I The Y ca;.ip ii L.ms ". !'a:iyon vi
centhuie uiit'l the la-t week i;i June
jhc:i the Y l:ic.:i si-hr.ol girl.; will t::ke
jtiiei.- vacatirn il: v.
A nieeiiii'j '1 u ii. . i'.: ii director:,
was heM at the V ii eil.iy ;i'':eiuooii.
As usual a larc.e ani.iuin m husiueps
bad aec utnilli'teii to be dlsi used ;i'A
decided Uim.
I
School Notes
The pupils of the Horace Maun la".- ;
ior high s.Jiool are making prep ira-,
tit ns (or the dedication of their school
on June 21st. The address will be i'e-!
livered by President R. 1 . Von Klein- j
Sinid of the state uniwr - it y The pit i
pils of the school will furnish the thus-
ic for the occasion. Tin1 exercii-es will
take place in the epen air theatre on!
the roof.
("has. Buffingtr.n of the Benson hi;'.h ;
school, is taking Miss Partlett's class i
e"s in the high school during hrr ah ;
sem e. Miss Bartlett was coii!!ell"d j
to give up her work on account of sick-1
ness. She will return July 1st, at "ho j
beginning of the next term. i
Miss Salmons of the Green way i
s.'lu.ol has been ill several days and 1
Miss Roberta Berry, who has just fin
J ished a course at the Flagstaff N jr- 1
mal school, id substituting in I'.er
place. !
Miss Roberta Sia Clair of the Class ;
of 1917 of the Bisbee high school, has
just returned from Columbia Universi- :
ty where she has been taking a course .
in domestic science. Mi.-,s Sin flair j
wa3 excused from her examinations !
on account of the high standing she
had made during the year. This ;
speaks well for her wcrk in the Bis- ;
bee high school. j
School closes on Friday, at whictj !
time promotions will be nt.ule. The !
children will enjoy a week's vacation
and return to work July 1st. .
.Miss Wilnia Smith of the class of
1917 of the Bisbee high school has re-1
turned from Flagstaff alter her year's ;
wcrk. She has been taking a coarse
to fit herself as a tachr.
Miss Sullie McCall, supervisor of '
music in the Bisbee schools, It ft Fri
day eveniiig for Flaestaff, v.'ier-; sh'
wiil teach mush: during the simmer
term of the s,rate normal school. Sin?
will he absent ei'ht weeks, and wiil
return about the middle of August.
Mrs. A. E. Douglas of Tucson will look
after the music work in the hi'c.
school department, and Miss Lenerc-
Allen, who has just completed a course
in public school music at Columbia (
University, will have charge cC the j
music work in the grades.
Quite a number of t.'ie patr ins of tiio i
schods are opposed to the summer i
term. This raises the que.-lion v.hch- ;
er ii would not be a good tiling to
withhold opposition until the plati has
be;n tried out. The Commissioner of
Education of the United States sr.ys
that wherever summer terms have
been tried, they have been eminently
successful, and that by r. 11 means all
schools should ri'n the year round.
The school board has ordered a ton
truck. -which will be iwed in transport
ing the teachers to the South Bisbee
and Don Luis scho'ds, and the 7th and
Sth grade pupils of the same schools to
the Lowell junior high school. It is
hoped that the truck will be here by
July 1st.
Twenty sets of telegraph instru
ments have arrived from the estern
Union supply department. These in
struments have been installed in the
high school ami a huge an1 enthusias
tic class in telegraphy has been or
ganized. The course consists of Enu
lish. spelling, typewriting and tele
graphy. Mr. Pace of the Western Un
ion, will be the instructor in telegra
phy. .Many requests have been presented
to the board which has charge of grant
itig permits to work, requesting that
boys tinder 14 be allowed to quit school
for that purpose. The hoard is not
allowed to issue permits, except to
pupils between 14 and 1. Boys yuler
14 nn:st attend school k!1 of the time
the school is in session. They are al
lowed to work before and after school,
but not during school hours. Presi
dent Wilson, in many addresses, urges
all pupils to remain in school.
Five thousand, seven hundred more
motor vehicle licenses have been is
sued in Arizona up to thtf pres :-.t day
of this year than had been issued by
the corresponding day ot la -t year.
It is expected that within the next
fortnight 2.00 additional troops will
be quartered at N'ouales. announce
ment being made that the Thirty-fif'h
infantry Is to be recruited to full
strength.
t i.
...'.
"f :
Kcro your skin from crowing old
MARIN ELLO
(""ii: ; -w ut .i' lu'Mr:wkui fcur or t.v tt arl-n.
xd ut-i ur ri byuur t xixrtA.
McDonalds Mari-
nello Shop, Tel 305
You Can't Rub It Avay;
Rheumatism is in the Blood
Liniments Will Never Cure.
If you are afflicted with Rheuma
tism, why waste time with liniments,
lotions and other local applications
that never did cure Rheumatism, and
never will?
Do not try to rub the pain away,
for you will never succeed. Try the
sensible plan of finding the cause of
the pain, and go after that. Remove
the cause, and there can be no pain.
You will never te rid of Rheuma-
SPECIAL PRICES
for a short time on
AMBON TIRE
The Quality is there. The price is Right.
TRY ONE
V
iJ
Welbourn
Bisbee Phone 432.
r
Of Course
-THAT-
That boy OVER THERE, in the training camps, or on
the briny, is mighty 'interested in knowing what YOU
are doing over here. There are two ways to keep him
informed write him long, cheerful letters often, and
send him
The Bisbee
Daily Review
Full A. P. Report All the local news only 75c to our
boys, wherever they may be,
on land or sea
I
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co, Botton, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICACO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
EE DOUGLAS ASSAY CO.
ASSAYERS CHEMISTS METALLURGISTS
AND ORE BUYERS
SPECIALTY RARE METALS AND ALKALIES
BOX
110S G. Ave.
Bisbee Lumber
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL
Lumber, Paints,
AND ALL
Building
The Best of Its Kind and the
Serv ice and Price
GIBSON-HINES
J. W. P. SMITH
Manager
tism until you cleanse your blood of
the germ3 that cause the disease.
S. S. S. has never had an equal as a
blood purifier and scores of sufferer
say that it has cleansed their Mood of
Rheumatism, and removed all traca
of the disease from their system.
Get a Lottie of S. S. S. at your
drusr store, and get on the righfi
treatment to-day. If you want spe
cial medical advice, you can obtain it
free by addressing" Medical Director;
23 Swift Laboratory, Atlanta, da.
and Doddi
IS
Jno. Addn. Phone 1SS
.
You Know
1031
DOUGLAS, ARIZ.
The Body of
Our Paint
is pure white lead. It Is mixed with
turpentine or pure linseed oil ac
cording to whether It is to be used
for iu or outside work. There Is no
grit in It; no adulterants to luako
its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always get their aupplie
here. Wouldn't it be wise for you
to follow ti example.
Company, inc
CAR STOP.
PHCNE 2Sk
Oils, Wall Board
KINDS OF
Supplies
Price Is No More. Quality,
All Three Right
LUMBER CO.
Phone 88 FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 16, 1918.
Yankee Soldier Sent Home
Gives Graphic Account of War
(P.y Donald L. Breed)
"Half the Vnited States don't know
yet thit we're in a war!"
!n tiiis robust fashion did a returned
Sammy express himself on the sub
ject of America's participation in the
struggle. He was a hearty, good-look-ins
lad. pleasant picture of sturdy
young manhood, except for one thing
iiis right sleeve hung nearly empty.
We were standing at a window in i
Ward M of Walter Reed Hospital, out I
at the ed.se of the District of Colum
bia. Our view took in sloping green
lawns, winding walks and driveways,
and an assortment of brick and frame
buildings. Everything locked fresh,
clean, and new. Walter Reed Hospital
is a place of absorbing interest nowa
days. Here will be brought the seri
ously wounded soldiers from our ex
peditionary forces, to undergo the mir
aculous process of reconstruction
which will make them as good as new.
Ward M is a long, narrow building,'
one story high. It is of tropical con
struction, with screened porches at
either end, and an abundance of win
dows to admit fresh air and sunlight I
In winter the windows can be sealed!
up and the steam radiators turned on.
At this season windows and doors are
opened wide, a Vietrola buzzes on the
front porch, and the men disport them
selves in cool convalescent suits.
Busy As a Beehive
The military reservation at Walter
Reed is a busy spot. From the window
in Ward M I watched a double col
umn of men in olive-drab marching
down the principal road. Then a group
of Red Cross nurses came out of the
doorway of the nurses' home. Auto
mobiles went spinning down the drive,
and in the back seat of one I spied a
senator's wife with a stack of maga
zines piled high beside her. Sammy's
comment broke in upon my enjoyment
of this charming scene. i
"Half the country don't know that!
we're at war" j
I could not give a cordial assent to j
this statement. I wondered why he be-
Iieved it. Of course, I knew that ev-i
ery soldier has his times of grumbling.
He looks upon it as one of his special '
rights. Yet I bad found the wounded j
men in Ward M uncommonly stoical, j
It takes courage to be serene when the '
enemy gunfire has deprived you of an j
arm or a leg, or, as in the case of one i
poor fellow, of both legs. About these I
bigger misfortunes there was no com- j
plaint whatever. The only thing the;
boys can net understand is why Ameri-:
ca has not buckled down with greater
fervor to the business of winning thej
war. I
Spirit of the French !
"They do it in France," one of them j
told me. "If you waut to see a whole
nation in anus, go to France. It's not ,
just in the cities. It's in the little
country towns. I've seen old women
at work in the fields, women so feeble i
that they had to walk with a cane
when tiiey weren't working. I've seen
an old French mother wheeling fertiliz
er up to the top of a hill. She had to
do the work because her men folks
were in tdie trenches. After every trip
up hill she came tottering down, and
you might have thought she couldn't
wheel another load. She did, though.
I tell you, the spirit of those French
prople is the wonder of this war."
All of the boys had stories to tell.
Sergt. P . a Georgia boy, went
across with a battery of heavy artil
lery. On the way over his transport
was attacked by submarines.
"We got the warning from a wire
less station," he lold me, "and so we
didn't co into the zone by night. We
kept outside till morning, with our
convoy of destroyers. Next morning
we steamed ahead. The first thing I
knew you could see the seaplanes fly
ing toward us from the coast station.
Then I looked out across the water
and I saw the periscopes bobbir.g
arcund in the waves. There were
three of them in all.
' A Clean Hit
"They attacked us. but they didn't
hit us. Then the destroyers took after
them, and just about that time the
seaplanes came up. They dropped
bombs, and knocked the periscope off
one U-boat clean as a whistle. One
bomb landed square on top of it, and
some of the fellows claimed that when
it exploded the water was blown aside
so that you could see the hull of the
submarine. I can't vouch for that; I
didn't see it myself. The oUier two
U-boats got away, but the destroyers
chased them up. They thought they
got both of them, but it was hard to j
tell. That submarine battle was about
the most exciting thing I saw all the
time I was away."
"30 Hommes 8 Chevaux"
IP. C . n , J A : IT.nnA
Alter DCTKL. I wimcu iu I i , - ,
he traveled for two days across thej ? new peg. Some day
country in dinky little French railway
carriages that bore Uie now familiar
inscription: "30 hommes S chevaux"
Finally his company reached the camp
where they were to go into training
for a sliort time. It was not far from
the Swiss frontier, and the men con
sidered themselves lucky to have been
f 1 1 n fM u- n a a trnnA rnmn
There were concrete roads, and the ' W t I felt and under
tire time not a single shell fell near
them.
I Within the next 24 liour3 they
brought the gun to the assigned place
and set it up.
Tough Luck
"And then," said Sergt. P , we
had our first piece of rotten lin k." We
had cleaned her all up, and she was
oiled and polished and bright is a
new quarter. And then, all of a sud
den, there comes a shell slap into a
pool of mud 5 yards away. It didn't
do a thing to our gun but cover it all
up with mud so. you couldn't hardly
tell what it was. Of course, we had to
go to work and clean itall i:p again."
The battery was out at this post 35
days. They exchanged daily compli
ments with Fritz, and for every shell
tJiat came whizzing over from the
German line, they sent back three. It
was reported from the observation
dugout that whenever the Americans
opened fire the Germans ducked and
ran for cover. Up to the loth day
there was not a casualty in the Ameri
can battery.
On their last day, just before they
were to be relieved, a high-explosive
shell came sailing over the ploughed
up land and dropped right among them
"There was two killed and five of us
wounded." Sergt. P explained, "I
got mine in the leg, and it was a nasty
one. But I was treated fine. Within
a few hours after I got hurt I was on
the operating table. The wound was
infected bad, just like all the shell
wounds are. They flushed it out with
Dakin's solution, and they kept that
up until there wasn't any infection
left. The queer thing about that stuff
is that it never hurts a bit when it
touches wounded flesh. It's only when
it gets on sound flesh that you can
feel it.
"They kept me over there until I
was well enough to send home, and
now I'm here, waiting while they fit
ex
pect I'll be walking around almost as
good as if I had a regular foot."
At this moment mess call sounded,
and the men filed out on the porch to
"chow." Some walked upright, a few
were on crutches, and one walked with
a limp. Among them I discerned my
first informant, walking cheerfully
aldng, swinging his stump of an arm.
BASEBALL'S HEAL
LA X DM All K STICKS
one-hand catch by Speaker was a fea
ture.
! - ;
. ' - -
. " v. '. . ti
. :j,
I J
J
i K -
; , Joe CantiHon. A
j Philadelphia IW2 O'M
! Cleveland 1'lU oo2
Adams and Perkins;
O'Neill.
Joe C'antillor. this season be jran his
thirty-ninth season in baseball in
some capacity or other. He has pur
chased stock in the new company
which boiicht the Minneapolis club
M L 1 il -,
irom nis urouitr .u:kc.
j Baseball Scores
. N ATlolNAlLrLGUEr
barracks were dry and clean; it was a
lot better than being billeted in barns
and sheds. After a while it was their
turn to go to the front, and they were
sent to one of the Lorraine sectors.
At first their pood luck followed
them. They were taking a mammoth
gun out to the front line, and the road
was a heavily traveled one. That
meant that they had to move with the
greatest caution, and by night when
ever possible. The most dangerous ,
position to be passed was a cross road (,
which had been a favorite target forj;
German gunfire. The night before;)
they went through it had been heavily :
shelled, and the night after it was;
shelled again. Lut the enemy wasj
sluggish on the evening when theyj
hauled out the big cannon. A soaking j
rain had fallen and the road was full U
cf mud and very badly cut up by !
wheel tracks. They had barely slipped j
past the four corners when plunk!
their big gun toppled over on its side
and then sank up to its cars in mud. !
It took a good three hours to drag it
out, and, as it weighed nearly 5 tons,
it was a back-breaking job. But thej
stood what he had meant by savins
that half of the American people do
not know that we are at war. Nothing
but first-hand contact with the casual
ties will ever make us appreciate the
actual horror of war. Nothing else
will impress on us the vital need of
fighting this to a finish so that anoth
er war will be an impossibility.
W. L.
Chicago 33 11
New York 32 lli
Cincinnati 2:j 20
Boston 23 2i
i'hiludelphria 20 2(i
St. Louis 20 2ti
Pittsburg 20 27
Brooklyn 19 2J
Pet.
.702
.(0
.4ti0
A6'J
Aio
.435
.425
.37
BE A
Big Brother
Big Sister
boy (or girl) help
"Help the
Uncle Sam.''
Here is the way to do it:
Pick out an ambitious youmv-ter,
pledge him or her the first p.nd hit
stamps in a tl.iitt card, iiy tins
50-cent contribution you are not
only aiding the nation's cause, but
you are inculcating thrilt .in too
minds of the coming generation
and giving the children an a-.'tive
interest in the war.
Sign the blank below and send
CHICAGO BEATS BROOKLYN
BROOKLYN, June 15 The Saperb
as tscjred their oniy run in the filth
on Wheat's single, Myers' sacrifice, an
out and Jielkei's wild throw. Errors
by O Mara and Johnston, a single and
Deal's triilj sent the Chicago team
f head in the sixth with three runs.
R. il. K.
Chicago t..0u0 003 0036 i 1
Brooklyn 0C0 010 0001 4 3
Hendrix 3iid iKillter; Coombs ana
Miller, M. Wheat.
R. H. Ef
0002 4 1
02.X-5 8 3
Bagby and
KALtO BLOCKS NEW YORK
DETROIT, June 15 Kalio shut out
New York in one of the best games h
has pitched this season. Pratt and
Marsans were the only New Yorkers
to gel a hit, each getting two. Kalio
struck out eight men and allowed bu:
one base on balls.
R. 11. E.
New York 000 000 0000 4 1
Detroit 200 OoO llx 4 8 1
Rmisell and Walters; Kalio and
Spencer, Yelle.
COAST LEAGUE.
Salt Lake 40 19 .678
Los Angeles 40 il .547
Vernon 3S 31 .5s
Sacramento 33 33 .500
Oakland 32 35 .477
San Francisco .'. 34 3D .466
Oakland, 1; Vernon, 2.
Sacramento, 3; San Francisco, 4.
Los Angeles, 4 ; Salt Lake, .
AMERICAN ASSN.
.At Toledo, 1; Milwaukee, 0.
At Columbus, 0; Kansas City, 5.
At Indianapolis, 6; St. Paul. z.
At Luisville, 11; .Minneapolis, ).
SOUTHERN ASSN.
At Memphis, 3; Mobile, 0. (Called
end 7th by agreement).
At Atlanta, 1 ; Chattanooga, 4.
At Birmingham, ; Nashville. t.
At Little Rock, 1; New Oi lear..-- ".
(Called end 7th by agreement).
WESTERN LEAGUE.
Sioux City, 3; Ui.'.chinson, 9.
Des Moines, 3; tfklnhcma City, 4.
Omaha, 11; Joplin, 7.
RETAINS TITLE
NEW YORK, June 15. Miss Mclii
Bjurstedt retained the women's metro
politan championship tennis singles to
day, when she defeated Miss Eleanor
Goss of New York 62, 63, at the
West Side Tennis club.
Miss Clare Cassel and Miss .Marie
Wagner won the doubles champion-'
ship, defeating Mrs. De Forest t t-ndoo ;
and Mrs. Iheodore Casseber, 6 2.'
6-4. I
TheChampion
OF THE ROAD
111
Tha Tyre to Tie To"
AENDER
V
Tubes and Tires
Of QUALITY equal to every emergency. Every test to
which they have been put has emphasized the depend
able service and wear-resisting qualities built into
BRAENDER products.
WRITE, PHONE OR CALL FOR DESCRIPTIVE
t CIRCULAR
HYDE & STRACK
Distributors
Phone 859 JOHNSON ADDITION Auto Supplies
B
S
E
E3
ALL
Information has reache'LJJoui'las to.
I the effect that the Mexi'n govern-!
n:ent has decided to expend the sun,
af $50.0i;o each month in an attempt
to colonize the Ya.jui river delta ngaii.
D. C. Warren, for twenty-three years
a resident of Phoenix, died Ft his
tone.
BARGAINS
IN :
USED
It to the life Brother and Sister
wonder of it was, that during the en-j tdkor f the Bisbee Review.
I herrhv Tlede mv assist-
ii sister to (number)
children.
I
YOUNGSTER HARD HIT
I NEW YORK, June 15. Causey, a
i young local pitcher starting his first
j big league game, was batted hard, and
.Cincinnati got a six mil lead. The
! score was tied in the seventh when
! Kau'f hit a home run with two -11611 on
base and New York won in the ninth.
1 R. li. K.
Cincinnati 205 OoO 0007 12 o
:.ew York 100 102 3'.U S U 3
I
2:30 P. M. Today
WARREN PARK
C. and A. vs. Junction -Briggs
Admission 35c, Including War Tax
"Na
"Address "
If yon have no children with
whom to play big brother or big
Bister, fill in the following b'ank:
"Please supply n:e with
names of children to whom I
n:ay act as big brother or bi
sister."
PHILADELPHIA WINS EASILY
PHILADELPHIA, Juue 15. Phila
; dulphia easily won -the opening game
of the series, iieusel hit safely every
: time he batted. The Phillies allowed
j Carey to run around the bases in the
' nintn for Pittsburg's only run.
n. h. e.
'Pittsburg 000 000 001 1 4 .2
1 Philadelphia 010 101 03x 6 12 0
I Sanders, Jacobs, Steele and
'Schmidt; Oescger and Adams.
Said to be the first scldior son of
Arizona in the present war, a baby
boy has been born to Jlr. and Mrs.
Charles T. Jennings, forme: !y of
' Tcmpe.
Overland, five-passenger, in first
class condition, will be sold at a big
sacrifice.
Studebaker car, almost as good
as new, for sale at an exception
ally attractive price.
Chandler six-cylinder car, in
splendid shape, just the thing for
a family car. Be sure and see this
bargain before you purchase. We
also have two cars which we will
sell at your own price.
Call at Our Shop and Inspect
These Cars Today
iotor
Lowell
Company
Phony 738
J. O. Main, propiielor
.UWCi
ti
I Arizona has joined the list of west
; ern range states in establishing a rec
; ord price on cattle in a sale made at
: $16.25.
i TAKES FIRST GAME
j BOSTON, June 15. St .Louis took
i the first game ol the series from Dos
I ton. The hitting of Gonzales and
j Ilornsby were features. No Boston run
! was earned.
I P.. H. K.
St. Louis '. 200 011 0004 10 4
'Loston 010 001 0103 6 0
j .Meadows and Gonzales; Heam, Ha
, gaa, Killingim and Wilson, iienry.
I
AMERICAN LEAGUE
! Ilostoli
j New York . .
' Cleveland . .
! Chicago . . . .
' St. Louis . . .
; Washington
I Philadelphia
i Detroit
W. L.
.3:; 21
. 29 22
.2'J 25
.25 22
.24 25
.26 2S
. l'J uO
.17 ZJ
Pet.
.611
.5ti!s
.6S7
.532
.4b3
.41)1
.3S
.36
Keep Right on
Driving
Battery rrpain may be a neces
city. But they're not an excuse for
letting your car lie idle.
Became a aooti aa the battery
crones out of your car a WUIard
Kental Battery can go in, to con
tinue the atarting. liehting and
ignition arrvice that your own bat
tery provided.
So Willard Rental Battery Serv
ice means more th:in just mo much
WTxid and lead and acid. It means
ability to go into the city, or out to
tbe country. It means ability to
tour to make the fullest possible
use of your car.
Come m and tsTc batteries with
us. We'll tell you how to tuke care
Of your batt ry, and why your nert
one should be a Still Ecttrr Wiiiard
with Threaded Rubher laulution.
The long I ife more t h an Kilnes the
slight increase in coat over the ordi
nary bsttery. It's the only battery
srith the "Bone Dry" principle that
b your absolute assurance of getting
battery as aear as tha day it
left the factory.
FABER LOSES LAST GAMES
CHICAGO, June 15. Washington de
feated Chicago. It was Pitcher ruber's
last game for Chicago as he will re
port 'to the Great Lakes Naval Train
ing station .Monday. With the store
tied, I'aber fanned two in the eighth,
but Shotton and Foster singled and
counted on errors by Fclsch and Weav
er. R. H. K
Washington imit 10 020 J 6 0
Chicago 100 00i 000 1 3 4
Harper and Picinich; Faber and
Schalk.
BOSTON HOMER WINS
ST. LUl'IS, June 15 With the score
tied in the seventh inning, two men on
base anil two out. Until lifted a low :
curve ball into the right field bleach-
ers for a home run, scoring behind :
Hooper and Shean and lioston wou
from Ht. Louis. Kuth drove in an-
nihn ni n in tlia ninth
n ii v I
Loston 022 lnu 3ol o 13 0
St. Louis 210 OUt 0004 11 3 j
Jones and Agnew; Kogers. Duvt!i- :
port and Severeid. 1
WILDNESS LOSES GAME j
CLLVL'LAND. June 15. Adams'
v ilil!icsi v its th" undoing, four f
ClHvel.iuil'h tive runs lit'ins 'he ie
sult ot lhs passes or kit batsmen. A 1
ml MM 1 -; IS -A ' . IT m.
ya i aM lis
Br
w- s ' aa a v
ftr '.a as v
Uncle Sam Says
Do Your Bit Keep the
Boys Cheerful and Happy
The best way to do this is to write them long, cheerful letters, often,
and send them the home paper. Nothing so inspires the boys as the
knowledge of what the home folks "over here" are doing.
We Will Send the
isbee
Daily u
eview
to your soldier or sailor, wherever he may be for only 75c per month.
No extra charge for postage.
Do Your Duty THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 16, 1918.
FIVE
1
i
!
i
r
Mining and Financial News
3 I nLVI&V w f-i s. vviiii.
NEW YORK. June 15. Speculative
stocks commuted tne chU'f percent
age to today's dull and contracted
trading, steels, equipments, motore,
and tobaccos overshadowing the in
vestment group. United Steel was
again steadily accumulated in large
individual lots at a net advance of two
points to 105".,. Republic Iron gained
three points and Crucible, Midvale and
Sloss Sheffield Steels, Baldwin Loco
motive and New York Air brake rose
one to one and one-half.
Rails and other investment stocks
were steady to firm. Reading starting
with a demonstration of strength, but
yielding toward the close. Sales,
325.0O0 shares.
The heavy shifting of loans to meet
income tax payments was reflected Jn
the bank statement actual loans ex
panding by $103,600,000; cash holdings
of member banks in the local federal
reserve institution including $36,uO'V
000 and excess reserves showing a
gain of about $25,500,000.
The bond market was narrow and
featureless. Liberty issues absorbing
the greater part of the dealings at
new nominal recessions. Total sales
(par value), aggregated $2,875,000.
United States bonds, old issues,
were unchanged on call during the
week.
P'lt'e
C & A
i ft H
C Range
I'hino
Chile
E Butte ..
!ranby
Grand Canadian
Goldfield
Hancock.
Indiana
Inspiration ....
Kennecott
Keweenaw
Lake
GRAINS
CHICAGO, June 15 Fear or crop
damage from hot winds sent the corn
market today up with a rush. Al
though prices were unsettled at the
close, the prices ranged to 2r)s to 3H
cents net, with July fl.447fc to Sl.43'4
and August Jl-467 to $1.47. Oats
gained lVs to 1M to 1, nd provi
sions 40 to 60.
Buying of corn was general and lack
of offerings was a conspicuous feature
throughout the session.
Complaints of dry weather iH Mon
tana and Canada gave some independ
ent strength to oats. Besides, busi
ness with the seaboard was noted.
Provisions ascended with grain and
hogs. Moreover, meat shipments for
the week were on a big scale. .
MARKET IS STRONG
NEW YORK, June 15. The course
of stock market throughout the week
offered additional proof of the under
lying strength. Dealings seldom rose
above moderate proportions, but the
almost uninterrupted advance indicat
ed a scarcity of supply.
NEW YORK COTTON
NEW Y'ORK, June 15 Cotton closed
fir ttt a new advance of 22 to 41
points.
NEW YORK METALS
NEW YORK, June 15. Bar silver
NEW YORK
Closing Quotations, Jun
Bv L. J. OVERLOOK, B
Anaconda
American Can
American Car
Lceomotive
Smeller
Sugar
1C
rok
IS
American
American
An1 erica a
Baldwin .
Bttklei.em
(AO
C F & I
Cruiible
Distillers
Erie
Goodrich
General Motors
Independent Alcohol . .
Iackawanna
Marine
Marine Preferred
Midvale
Mexican Petroleum
New Y'ork Central
Reading ...
Studebaker
Republican Steel
Steel
Southern Pacific
Te-as Oil
Union Pacific
Westinghouse
BOSTON
Adventure
Ailouez
Alaska
Arizona Commercial . .
American Zinc
1918
sr.
6-".
S'l
6"j"4
lT:h
112
S
Si
:,,";
49
y.i ; -,
15VH
44
S4
.103-4
52 s;
95-s
87
Hi'.'.
40 H
105U
SI
14.S
121-
4 4 ',4
5"
4S"i
14
17
LaSalle
Mchawk
Nevada
N Butte
Nip
Old Dominion
Osceola
Pond Creek
Quincy
Ray Consolidated
Shattuck
Shannon
Superior Boston
Utah Copper
Utah Consolidated ....
Winona
Ft. Marys
CURBS
Arkansas and Arizona .
Austin
Arizona Silver King . . .
Ris: Ledge
Butte & Ixmdon
Calumet & Jerome
tornelia
Consolidated Arizona .
Oonpalidated Copper ..
Curtiss
Denn
Dundee
Fmma
Federal Oil
GPdsden
Grand Island
Hull
Heda
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami Consolidated . . .
Okmulgee
Pitts Jerome
Porphvry "
Ray Hercules
Tom Reed
Uni'ed Enstern
Verde Extension
Verde Combination
White Caps
Wolverine Arizona
West End
Wright Martin
OATMAN
By Collins & Bretherton
Bid
Argo
Adams
Arizona Rex
I Arizona Tom R
I Big Jim Con 05
i Boundary Cone
fGi.ui Oie 12
Gol'i R-jad Boil 02
iGold Cliff
Lucky Boy
Sunnyside 02
Teilurlde OS
Tom Rod . . . : LSI
United Eastern 3.37
Uni'ed Northern
United We:-tein
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS
Cad.sden -'-SO
Green Monster ,;2
Butte London IS
Dundee t7
Venture Hill
Piits-Jcroine "6
Jerome Verde 55
Ark-Arizona 08
Jerome Portland
Ins-N'eedles
Hull Copper 4"
Magma Chief IS
Wolveiine Arizomi 1-62
Verde Combination 5C
Miami Consolidated 02
Verde Squaw
Nacozari Consolidated .
Verde A pox
Porphyry 40
Calumet & Jerome 112
Feather River
25
6t
4.r
45'i
as
15
S's
74
41
20
a1 2
50
52
324
1-4
54
60
19
14
40
4S
13
67
23"i
10
2Vi
SO
Vet
49Vt
V,
V-t
Us
IS
I'i.
18
1.
6",
40 Vi
21
' s
"i,
2-N
21"
13 "
45
V
30
5
?A
40
4
1S4
15 "It
39 'A
7.
Viz
1
10t
Ask
.05
.03
.25
.05
.OS
.02
.14
.15
.(2
.03
.1'! '
1.N5:
3.5') !
.02
.02
' .15 ,
2 75
.69
.20
1.00,
.04
.40
.62
.11
!l2
175
.62
.05
.o'l
.41
.('6
.60
1.25
.15'
New Chaplin
Picture at Lyric
The Lyric picture .show house an
nounces the latest Charlie Chaplin
picture under his new million dollar
contract. "A Dog's Life," is the title
of the picture and it will be shown
Thuisday and Friday of this week It
is probably the highest priced comedy
film ever shown in a local picture
house, and but few films of any kind
on the market cost more than the new-
Chaplin films at this time. It is also
said lo be Chaplin's greatest picture.
Briefly the plot is this: Chaplin
down and out as usual, finds a poor lit
E -'" ' ' Yg i "
- 1 V
1 ? V 7 V '
, . . :. -
i tH
I t
, -
CHARLIE CHAPLIN
IN
"A DOGS LIFE
hrst million dollaq p'ruR
tie stray dog in dire distress and be
friends him. Both the dog and Chap
lin have a dog's life but in the end it
is the dog that brings him luck, his girl
(the delectable Edna Purviance) and
great fortune. Charlie bus a new giant
to play opposite him in this picture
and is said to be bigger and fiercer
than any of the forbidding specimens
who have played against him in the
past.
The Chaplin fans, and they include
most of those who attend the movies,
will hail with delight Uie coining of
this new picture. It has been several
months since a new Chaplin picture
has been shown here, the last one be
ing "The Adventurer."
swept the mountains, he also filmed f
some sunset scenes that are said to
be 0; such uaiit) as to warrant
awards at a photographic exhibit. !
During the stay in the mountains!
Hart and his company built a stoik-j
.1 1nA nnhln itt u-1 lrVi llioo K-tA .
McNEAL FARMERS TO
GROW LONG-STAPLE
McNEAU June 15. Farmers in the
McNeal basin are growing long staple
cotton. About fifteen farmers are ex
perimenting with this cotton and irri
gating it from pumping plants. Only
small patches are being planted.
Splendid crops or short staple tot
ton have been grown for the past sev
eral years, in a small way, and last
season Walter Kulcher matured some
line samples of long staple on bis
farm west of McNeal.
Fiank Coles o? Bisbee has furnished
a lot of seed to farmers of the valley
and, although some of them are late
in planting, the cotton is making a
good growth.
Joe Downs, of Bisbee, is taking spe
cial interest in the growing of this cot
ton in this valley and has a small
field planted on the ranch of his
brother-in-law, Frank Murphy, five
miles south of McNeal. Mr. Downs
ccmes to the ranch every Sunday and
gives it a good cultivation and irriga
tion. The crop is growing well and
will probably mature inta splendid
cotton.
The following are farmers who ari
growing long-staple cotton in a small
way to experiment with it in his Mc
Neal basin: C. E. Samson, Walter D:n
nelley. Win. Kanester, N. C. E. Coyo,
Wm. Sfhultz. Lee Jovanovich, Pat
Downs, B. C. Cullen, F. Zayc, P. E.
Wells and D. M. Smith.
The laud in this valley seems well
adapted to the growth of cott:n and
there is plenty of water for irrigation
ironi pumping plants.
About $15,000 worth of machinery
has been purchased and will be n
stalled in fie Hackberry mines at
Dewey. . i U
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
FOR RENT Furnished room facing
boulevard. Warren. Cement block
house, third from hospital car stop.
290
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms S5
Main street, Cottage Home. Phone
526. 29 L
FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms. Bath room, sleepii'3
porch. 105 Mason Hill, first house
Mason Hill car stop. 2S9
FOR RENT Four room furnished
hou.-e. Apply 47 Highroad School
Hill. $20 per month.
292
fOU KENT Three rooms furnished
for housekeeping, 102 Higgins Hill.
.26.5
HART AND COMPANY
REGULAR PIONEERS
Photo'n.phy during the height of a
snowstorm in the mountains is a ieat
which was acomplished with startling
succss in the production of "The Pri
ma! Lure." Triangle featuie in whu-ii
William S- Hart is starred at the Eas'e
today.
Hart, with a company of fifty peo
ple, made the trip to the Santa Clara
mountains in mid-winter. The purpose
was to obtain snow effects and the
scenery which would suggest the at
mosphere of the Hudson Bay country.
The actor-director found that the light
was particularly adapted to camera
craft and. in addition to successfully
photographing some remarkable
scenes during the snow storm that
1 b OR RENT Two furnished rooms.
No children. Inquire 31 Quality Hill.
2..: 1
! FOR RENT Four room lurnished i
I house for light housekeeping, 'ear
of Letson Kline building. See Col
! lins oc Bretherton. 277
! FOR RENT Large front room with:
i Kitchenette, newly furnished, wall j
! bed, upper Main .over Independent i
Feed store. 2S7 I
WANTED House cleaning or office
work. Phone Call 492. 2.":
I FOR RENT Nice front room, bath, in
I private family. Suitable for one or
: two young ladies. Phone 611 or call
! 22 Oak Street. 279
rOR RENT Three rooms completely
! furnished. Enquire L. E. Mo-itgom-!
try, Campbell street, rtarrerv after
6 p. in. 205
; FOR SALE Furniture of 3-roon;
apartment; apartment for runt. No.
8 Boston Apartments. 262
'
FOR SALE Household furniture, 2
iron beds, sanitary couch, small
! table, dining table, rug. six chairs.
Apply Montgomery House, across ,
! from postoffiee. Warren. 274
' FOR EXCHANGE Residence, value
' $6,500; also lot $2,500. Los Angeles.
All or part for Bisbee improved. Ad
1 dress H. B., Box 1187. 22S ;
rSISIDEITT OF THE UNITED STATES TUCCLAIMS miDAT,
JUKE 28, 1918,
as
NATIONAL WAR SAVINGS DAY
GOVERNORS AND MAYORS MAKE SIMILAR PROCLAMATIONS
AN INTENSIVE DRIVE FROM JUNE 10TH TO JUNE 28TH WILL ZZ
HELD IN ARIZONA, CULMINATING WITH THE HOLDING
OF MEETINGS IN EVERY COMMUNITY TO SE
CURE AND ANNOUNCE SUBSCRIPTIONS
FOR WAR SAVINGS STAMPS
Pursuant io the proclamations of the President of the United States and
the Governor of this State, I, War Savings Director for Arizona, acting under
the authority of the United States Treasury Department, have called all tax
payers and wage-earners to engage in an intensive drive for securing pledge3
end subscriptions, commencing June 10th and culminating on June 28th. when
meetings will be held to announce the amounts pledged and by whom. In
rural communities and the smaller towns and cities, meetings will be held in
the school houses at 2 p. m., according to the announcements of War Savings
Chairmen. ,(. , 0
The school' officers will conduct the meeting in each school house, keep
in a record of the proceedings and reporting the names of all persons present
and the amount of War Savings Stamps subscribed for by them. The names
of absent persons, and of those who refuse or neglect to subscribe, with their
rea-rns for so doing, will also be reported.
War Savings Stamps (which are United States Government Bonds, H12
same as Liberty Bonds) can be paid for during any month in the year 10IC.
but it is intended that subscriptions will be signed for them from June 10th ta
June 23th, inclusive.
The price of tach War savings Stamp depends upon the month daring
which it was bought. During June each Stamp will cost $4.17. In July ecch
stamp will cost $4.15, and so on, one cent more each month during 1918. On
January 1, 1923. the Government of the United States will redeem ell War
Savings Stamps at $5.00 each, no matter during which month in 1918 they
were bought. They cost less during the early months in 1918 than during tha
Inter months because the person who buys earlier has loaned his money to the
Go--ment for a longer time than if he should buy later.
Z5 way of illustration, note the following table:
COST OF WAR SAVINGS STAMPS
DURING JUNE, JULY AND AUGUST, 1913
Cost in Cost in Cost in And are Worth
June July August on Jan. 1, 1923
1 Stamp $ 4.17 $ 4.1S $ 4.19 $ 5.00
20 Stamps 83.47 83.60 83.80 100.00
50 Stamps. 208.50 209.00 209.50 - 250.00
100 Stamps 417.00 418.00 419.00 500.00
200 Stamps 834.00 836.00 833.00 1,000.00
The law provides that no person can hold in his own name War Savings
Stamps exceeding $1,000.00 maturity value. War Savings Stamps, however,
may be purchased for other members of the family, including minor children.
The money invested in War Savings Stamps is not a gift, or a donation,
but is a loan to the Government. It will all be paid back with 4 per cent com
pound interest. If, because of some serious financial reverses, or calamity, it
should be necessary to get your money before January 1, 1923, you may do so
by giving ten days' notice to any Money Order postmaster, in which case you
can get what you paid for the Stamps, with interest to date of payment. The
Stamps are free from all State and local taxes; when registered at the post
office they are insured against loss ; they are backed by all the property in the
United States: they cannot fall in value below the price you pay; they are as
convenient and as well paying an investment as has ever been offered by-our
Government.
A definite quota of War Savings Stamps has been assigned each school
district and community, which will be announced by the War Savings Chair
man through the Daily Papers and otherwise and at each meeting. The Gov
ernment of the United States expects all citizens of every school district
and county to subscribe for its quota and to pledge themselves to save and
3conomize to help win the war.
It is to be hoped that the subscriptions taken during the drive and at the
meeti-'s in your county will show you and your neighbors to be loyal Ameri
cans to whom our Government, in this hour of need, does not call in vain.
H. R. TRITLE,
Arizona War Savings Director appointed and acting under the
authority of the Secretary of the United States Treasury.
ratr
iots?
Atte
As our solicitor has been called into Uncle Sam's service, we have De
cided to give the public the benefit of this expense-by continuing to
clean and press men's and ladies' suits for $1 .50, instead of increasing
the price, as many cleaners have done. We still maintain our delivery
service and will call and deliver your suit free of charge. Simply phone
688 and we will do the rest.
Q 'JL CLEANED
DollCS and PRESSED
$1.50
M
. Levin
THE TAILOR
53 NACO ROAD
Lowell
Service Flag
Your cleaning and pressing is done by an expert in our shop. Every
job is absolutely guaranteed and we make your old s'it look like new,
for we eliminate every spot. Have all of your cleaning done by us
and save 25 per cent. Our shop is one of the best equipped in the
Warren District and you get the benefit of our years of experience in
the tailoring and cleaning business. Just Phone 688 and our driver
will call prompth.
Suits
$1.50
Phone 688
CLEANED
and PRESSED
M. Levin
THE TAILOR
Between Johnson Addition and Lowell
Phone 688
J SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 16, 191S.
ROAD CONDITIONS
THROUGHOUT THIS
PART OF COUNTY
County Has Man at Work on
Number of Roads. Old
Roads Being Repaired and
New Grades Established
country being: a requirement of citi
zenship, although an exception is pro
vided in the case of Filipln.-s who
have been honorably discharged iroin
the army or navy alter serving one
enlistment.
Citizenship will be conferred on the
men Jn classes, each nationality con
stituting a class.
The soldiers who have applied here
compass nearly every nationality anJ
race on the globe. Outside of China
and Japan the only nations not rep
resented here ere Abyssinia and
Monaco. There is one man froir.
Guatemala, one trom Sunto Domingo
several from Venezuela, ten from
The Netherlands and many Montene
g rails and Turks.
Every effort is being made to get
the new state highway open from the
old road camp site to the end of the
present graded work and this will be
done as soon as the little bridge in the.
north end of the narrows can be com
pleted. This will be a great relief to
traffic because they can then avoid all
those excess grades just east of Tomb
stone by taking) the old Btsbee-Tomb-6tone
stage road, via the old San Diego
smelter site and only have -a small
sand wash and short hill to climb
and then away to Bisbee over the slate
highway.
Two graders and teams are already
to drag the new road from Charles
ton to Overton as soon as a rain fall
comes that will do any good.
The road from Tombstone to Glea
son is fine.
Tombstone to Benson and on to the
Pima-Cochise line is very good except
ing the first three miles west Irum
Tombstone.
Tombstone to Charleston, Rood.
Benson cut off to Turner road Is ,;ood
excepting few adobe soft spots near
Brookline. ' '
Turner to Empire ranch quite rocky
In places.
Turner to Overton, being repaired.
Turner to Fort Huachuca good. Over
ton to Hereford very bad in spots.
Buena to Ramsey Canyon good for the
most part. County is repairing the
road from Dad Clarke's place to Tur
ner in compliance with government re
quest. After this is done work will
resume at Buena school house and
continue to Ramsey Canyon so as to
handle the Douglas-Bisbee and Tomb
stone traffic via the state highway
into Tombstone and then over the new
bridge at Charleston.
The old Douglas road is being rc
paired and will soon be in better shape
than the road via of Forrest. This road
runs by the Country club and by the
old La Moriya Custom House and then
Tia Crook to the Forrest station 'vhere
it joins the Douglas road. The Gleason
road is being repaired and will soon
be in fair shape. The roads to the val
ley are dusty in places and a rain is
badly needed. The road to Hereford
is in fairly good shape but a rain will
help that.
FIVE HUNDRED
SOLDIERS WILL BE
NATURALIZED
Town Clock Hits
Back at U. S.
Daylight Order
There is one institution in Bis
bee which should be investigated
by the United States government.
Bisbee is wholly patriotic ex
cept for this one thing.
Bisbee has gone over the top in
Liberty Bonds.
Bisbee has made an enviable rec
ord in the Thrift and War Stamp
campaigns.
Bisbee has increased its copper
production to meet the demands of
the government.
- Not a man, woman or child of
the district fails regularly to recog
nize the orders and requests of the
United States Food Administra
tion. " There are no Iuke-warm citizens
in Bisbee.
But there is one institution
which has violated one of the most
far reaching recent orders of the
government.
The institution Is important; it
is one one which hundreds of per
sons daily rely for information. It
is one of the most prominent in
stitutions in the city. It is a
guardian to the city and its resi
dents. It has violated the government's
daylight saving plan.
Yesterday afternoon the city
clock struck three times when it
should have rung 2 o'clock.
NEW LOCAL MINING
COMPANY FORMED
There will be an interesting cere
mony in the Army Y. M. C. A. at 2
o'clock Monday afternoon, dhen Judge
W. H. Sawtelle of the federal court at
Tucson will confer citizenship on 460
soldiers at Camp Harry J. Jones.
A. E.. Eldridge, United States natu
ralization examiner, representing Chief
Examiner Frederick Jones of Los An
geles, has been here since June 10 do
ing the preliminary work. He is assist
ed by 16 military clerks. An im
mense amount of work is involved.
The applicant must have an affidavit
from two officers certifying to Lis
loyalty, good service and moral char
acter. He must furnish his history in
detail, must be able to writa ni3 name
and speak English. Ninety per cent
of the. work now i3 to facilitate the
speed of their naturalization Even
if the applicant is not 21 years old he
may be naturalized if it be certified
that he is needed by the war depart
ment. Chinese, Japanese and Filipinos
cannot be naturalized, birth iu this
The Marks-Meyer Mining Leasing
company has recently been incorpor
ated for the purpose of doing a gener
al mining business. At the present
time the company is operating the
"Little Emil" claim, which is a frac
tion lying between the "Twilight"
claim of the Hisgins group and the
"Contention" claim, and is only a short
distance from where the recent rich
cuprite strike was made in the Hig
gins mine.
Considerable development work on
the "Little Emil" claim has already
I been done, and high grade ore is being
! taken out from a shaft in which a fine
body of ore is being developed. Ore
averaging as high as 20'a copper and
30 ounces of silver has been produced
from these workings.
In the lower end of the claim a shaft
has been sunk to a depth of 50 feet,
and a drift has been started from the
50-foot level. This drift when in
about 200 feet will come under the
workings from where the company is
! sinking on the high grade ore from the
! surface at a depth cf about 200 feet,
i As soon as this work has been eom
i pleted, the company expects to begin
making regular shipments of ore. The
company Is also negotiating for a sub
stantial interest In a group cf twenty
one claims located close in, and also
has a lease on five acres of ground
of the "Twilight" claim belonging to
the Higgins company. A survey has
been ordered, and as soon as complet
ed work will commence on thl3 lease.
The officers of the company are,
Mrs. Maggie Marks, president; Emil
Marks, treasurer; J. E. Meyer, secre
tary. The company's offices are on
the ground floor of the Copper Queen
hotel.
WILLIAM CGOLEY
NOW 1NFRANGE
Bisbee Boy Writes From the
Heart as Well as From the
Trenches to His Old Friends
of the Warren District
The following is a letter from Billy
Cooley of Bisbee. who is now ia lii
trenches "over there:"
Well, you cculd have Knocked Mr
down with a six inch shell, when 1
came in to dinner this nocn, and lou:d
that great big parcel of highly :i(- it
ables. from the biggest hearted btuu'l
of boys in the world. It sure wjs a
peach , of a box, and I'm not even go
ing to try and thank you, because i
know I just couldn't do you justice.
But you tan bet your hat thct I cer
tainly do appreciate it. I want you to
give all the boys my kindest regards
and thanks, especially Kanny, Ed Wal
lace, Miller and A. B. R.
We are still up at the front, and we
are becoming accustomed to, the "bis
ones." but at the same time it begins
to get a little monotonous, as we are
away past the stage where we dod?e.
but just wonder where they will hit.
Had a funny experience a few days
agoi Was out on a raiding p.irty the
other night and the Bochs let po wiih
about fifteen shots, and I happened to
see a couple of trees a few yards apart
Well, I could heer them coming, and
I decided that "discretion was camou
flaged valor," so I hit for the closest
tree, which happened to be the small
est, and as I was in the act of disguis
ing myself like a thin sheet of air, a
piece of high explosive glanced off of
my steel lid and I'll have a little dent
In it to show you when I arrive with
the bacon. I always did have more
luck than sense.
Lieut. Newton just came into my
dugout and borrowed my "over seas"
cap. He says its lucky, and I hope so,
as he is going over the top tonight on
a wiring party. They surely are pil
ing up the work on us, and I am just
about all in for sleep. That- collar
that you sent me surely is a dandy,
and if it were possible I would write
to each and every one. But 1 know
you will give them all my kindest re
gards, especially the girls. You know
how awfully bashful I always was.
Well "Mitch," guess I'll chop it of.'
and grab a chunk of shut-eye (army
for sleep). Don't forget to remember
me to all the gang, and to the best
"Y" in the U. S.
Your very old friend,
Billy Cocley.
P. S. Had a promotion the ether day.
1 am now Sergeant, first class.
tmivonity certify to the t-:te auditor
before a'l insi r.llmenl of the schol
arship is paid that ihe juudeut's work
in college Is satisfactory.
Even if theit- is no high school in
a given county, a young man or wo
man residing there may be a candi
date for the county's scholarship if
he or she completes the college pre
paration elsewhere in the prepara
tory department of the university at
either of the noimal schools, or at
a high school in another county.
TREMONT SCHOOL
HOLDS RECORD FOR
THRIFT STAMP SALE
SERBIAN
0FF
The Fremont school in South Hisbee
holds the record for the sale of Thrift
Stamps in the schools of Bisbee and
the Warren district In proportion on
enrollment. Every child in the Fre
mont school has bought Thrift Stamp;,
thus establishing themselves o itr)
per cent Americans. The record is as
follows:
Room 1-20 pupils enrolled, 792
stamps sold, proceeds f 198.
Room II 25 pupils enrolled, 822
stamp3 splil, proceeds $2115.50.
Outside (under six years), proceeds
$18.7.-..
Total, 55 pupils, 1,614 stamps, pro
ceeds $422.25.
. Miss M. L. McSorley is the principal
of the South Hisbee school and is as
sisted by Miss Mason. A great deal
of credit is due the pupils and their
teachers for their splendid showing in
helping to finance the war insofar as
they are able with their quarters.
! KAISER WOULD SEE
i FILMS DESROYED
SCHOLARSHIP EXAMS
TO BE HELD JUNE 29
Examinations for county scholar
ships at the University of Arizona will
be held June 29 in Cochise county by
County School Superintendent Miss
Elsie Toles. So far only one student,
Clark Core, of Douglas, has made appli
cation to take the examination which
will be given in the home cities of the
several who have written for informa
tion and who are expected to take .he
examination. It is not necessary for
them to go to Tombstone to take ihe
test, according to announcement of
Miss Toles today.
The examination Is open to grad
uates of a four year high school, be
tween the ages of 16 and 22. Exam
inations are held simultaneously on
June 29 at every county seat in the
state.
The scholarship is good for $150 on
the expenses of the freshmen yrar
at the university and is not contin
ued for a school year.
The state does not pay the money
of the scholarship direct o the stu
dent when he attends the university
but sends it to the universicy office
to defray the regular fees of the
student. It is a condition of the
scholarship that the president of the
Kaiser Bill would give a few million
dollars of the money he has plundered
I if something would happen that would
I destroy the great war picture. "My
I Four Years in Germany," by Ambas
sador James W. Gerard. showing today
and tomorrow at the Orpheum theatre.
According to ihe statements of the
government officials, from the presl
oer.t down, this picture has done more
to create patriot ism and give the
i American people an insight into the
early history of the great world war,
than any other propaganda the United
States could circulate. This picture
has been pre-viewed by the men who
comprise the machinery of this gov
ernment. They have heartily endorsed
the picture and have expressed a de
sire that every man, woman and child
in the United States see it so that the
events that led up to this country
entering the war may be impressed
clearly upon heir minds and thai they
will be able to know the truth and
fight off the German propaganda that
is being circulated throughout the
states.
James W. Gerard knows the condi
tions that forced this country into war
better than any other American. He
was the representative of the Ameri
can people to Germany and never fcr a
minute did the kaiser and his deceitful
methods fool him. He proved beyend
a doubt that he was their equal in
brains and courage.
This picture will give you the oppor
tunity to learn a historical lesson that
It took Ambassador Gerard-four yeai3
to learn.
VISIT IN DISTRICT
Two Serbian officers, a captain and
a lieutenant of the army of the small
nation which has borne the brunt of
hard attack and bravely defied the hor
rors of the Hun and his allies, arrived
in the Warren district yesterday, to re
man tor several days with the mem
bers of the local Serbian colony. They
are touring the United States under
the auspices of the Serbian National
Council of Defense and are guests here
of the local chapter of Lie council
During their tour of the states the
officers re speaking to the Serbian
residents of this country on the war
and war conditions as tht-y affect their
nation. In Hisbee the first of these,
meetings will be held at Dabovich hall,
on Naco road, this evening, starting at
7 o'clock, when Captain Steve Milu
tinovich will deliver the chief aouresa.
He will be followed on the rostrum oy
Lieutenant Samuel Vucaticii. All mem
bers of the local Serbian colony have
been invited to attend the meeting;
Captain Mllutinovicb and LieiXetam
Vucatich are guests at the Copper
Queen hotel, where they may ne
found at any time by those who de
sire to discuss affairs of the war as
affecting Serbia. They will remain la
the district several days before con
tinuing on their trip toward the east.
children of all ages, and deals wim
the adventures of a certain Princess
Tweedledee and her seven brothers.
A wicked queen, desiring to gain con
trol of the rich kingdom over which
they rule, transforms the brothers into
seven white swans, and orders Prin
cess Tweedledee thrown into a dark
and gloomy dungeon filled with rats.
How she escapes, and a'ler three years
and a day succeeds in saving her
brothers and returning them to their
human form, make a fascinating photo
play. The cast supporting Miss Clark
includes handsome Richard Barrhel
mess as the Prince Charming, Daisy
I'-eJmore as the Witch, and others
equally well known.
DEEP SEA FISHING
AT REDONDO BEACH
REDO.NDO BEACH, ( al , June 15.
Perhaps at no place on the Pacific
coast can deep sea fishing be enjoyed
as close to the beach as here. Right
at the end of the three pleasure piers
the ocean bed takes a drop of about
6'JO feet. Fishermen on atvy jf ihe
three piers can cast out and land their
tackle in deep water. This is the rea
son why so many large fish are caught
here daily.
Several immense' Jew fish, some
weighing as much as 500 pounds have
been caught this summer jupt a shcrt
distance from shore. Yellow Hail and
mackerel have been running heavily
for several weeks and almost every
hour of the day the three piers are
lined with fishermen who are kept
busy pulling in the sporty fish.
By special arrangement with the va
rious railroads summer tourists ere
now able to purchase transportation
tickets direct to Redondo Beach from
all interior points, and can htve their
tru'nks and other baggage checked di
rect. This will prove a great conven
ience to visitors, and will not necessi
tate their re-checking baggage in Los
Angeles.
This feature, together with the fact
that this resort is offering a combina
tion of new attractions and diversion.
that will even rival Coney Island, and
has a climate that is famous for its
mildness, will tend to draw thousands
of new pleasure-seekers to this reasile
SUTTER ORATOR AT
ROTARY CLUB LUNCH ;
Announcement that Senator Fred
Sutter of Cochise county would be the
sneaker at the regular weekly lun
cheon of the Phoenix Rotary club was
the occasion for one of the most gen
erous attendances in a period of sev
eral months. Practically every seat
was occupied when Senator -Sutter
arose to start his talk.
When he was Introduced to mem
bers of the Rotary clubs the senator
from Cochise was cheered to the echo.
The demonstration continued for a
period of several minutes.
Sutter then went into detail as to
the I. W. W. organization from its in
cpM'His. telling of its purposes and
what it had accomplished. He spoke
of the activities of the organization in
the Warren district and especially in
Bisbee from the time that Wotiblj
members first arrived In numbers un
til the morning of July 12, 1917, when
the deportations took place.
He reiterated what he had previous
ly said in the senate chambers of the
Arizona legislature when he said that
he would or had not any desire to
work, and in proof of this statement
be pointed to the ftsures which showed
2,500 persons were included in the
roundup, whereas only 1.180 were de
ported. All of those sent out of the
district were cither I. W. W. members
or sympathizers, he declared.
His talk was very cordially received
by members of the Rotary club, and
it had the effect of convincing those
who heard it of the unbiased lew of
the senator. Phoenix Gazette.
The Churches
MARGUERITE CLARK
IN "SEVEN SWANS'
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Informal Christian Science meetings
are held in W arren every Sunday in
the Warren Company building, corner
Arizona and Tenor avenues. The"
meeting today will be held at 8:00 p.
in. Subject: "God the Preserver of
Man." AH are most welcome.
W u, VI U
1
in Los An
At, . .
r t
BliOIi
6eles
4
!
1
- . . . .
700 Comfortable Rooms
150 Rooms, Toilet and Lavatory
150 Rooms with Bath - - -
100 Rooms with Bath
100 Rooms with Bath
100 Rooms with Bath En Suite.
Special Bates by the Week or Month
12.00
2.50
3.00
4.00
Combine Business With Pleasure
You will get more out of both If you make the
Hotel Alexandria headquarter centrally located,"
Just two blocks from the giant terminal of the
Pacific Electric Imrrurban lines which extend
throughout Southnrn California. Readily accessible
to mountain and beach resorts.
Two thousand miles of good automobile roads
reach out ia every direction.
Ia line with the Patriotic Government Savlnar
plun, we have mi Mabutantial rrUurtiuun in our
hotrl tariff and
Low Summer Rates Are
Now ii Effect at
Hotel Alexandria
Our Hotel Register shows every yenr many
visitors from Arizona, New Mexico, Nevada. T.-xas.
Colorado, Imperial Valley and Southern California
points. Arranae to meet your friend here. You
will find a cordial welcome.
Write for attractive folder.
Make your reaervatioaa SOW.
Vernon Goodwin, Vlce-Pres. and Managing Director
Alexandria Hotel Company
FIFTH A.D SPUING STS., LOS ANGELES, CALIF. ';
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
Sunday School 9:45 a. iu. Horning
worship 11:00 a. m. I. O. O. P. Mem
orial service. Kvening worship 8:00
Sermon topic, "fncletecterl Losses."
Specif1.! music. Solo, "Beyend the
fJ:ues or Paradise," Rob t A. KinK
Mr Tern Evans. Solo, "Just As I Am
Chas. A. liuerter Miss Lenore Allen.
ALLAN KRICHLAUM, Pastor.
Dainty Marguerite Clark, following
her custom of making one fairy story
each year, will he seen In "The Seven
Swans " a dell-'h'fu'ly whimsical fan
tasy adapted from Hans Anderson's
t0) hv T Venule Pawley, who is
-Is" the director. The story Is for
UHE DMMIWHAj
Wit
Sold Everywhere, in Bottles Only
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
Ihe best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m Resrular Board by th- month. $40
ST. JOHN'S FPISCOPAL CHURCH
Sunday School 9:45 a. b. Morning
prayer and address 11:00. eduesday
choir practice 7:00 p. m.
JACOB M. WHITE, Rector.
Reorganized Church of J. C. of L. D.
S., opposite Warren Laundry.
Sunday School 10:00 a. m. Preach
Iiiet 11:00 a. m. Young folks meeting
6:45 p. tn. Preaching at 8:00 p. ru.,
subject, "The Adversary's Privilege."
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
Sunday School 9:45 a. m. Morning
service 11:00. Theme, "Adoption."
Divino Services in City Park at 6:00
p. m. Junior and Senior B. Y. P. U.
at 6:45 p. m. Group No. 3 leads. Even
ing service 7:45. Theme, "Christ Re
ceiving Sinners." Prayer meeting
Wednesday 7:45 p. ni. You are cor
dially invited to join us in these ser
vices. H. C. COMPTON. Pastor.
SEVEN DAY ADVENTIST SERVICE
Sahbath School 11:00 a m. Bible
study 12:00. Services held in the
church back of Gas plant, front of
Copper Queen hospital. Prayer meet
ing Wednesday 7:30. Everybody is
most cordially invited. Further infor
mation. Phone Red 853.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE SOCIETY
Christian Science Society of Bisbee
holds services every Sunday morning
at 11:15 o'clock In the Woman's Club
building on Quality Hill. Wednesday
evening testimony meetings at 7:45.
The public Is welcome and invited to
attend Subject for Sunday, June 16th,
"God the Preserver of Man."
The regular preaching services will
he held at Warren at 11 o'clock a. m.
and at Don Luis at 8 p. m Sunday,
June lfith. Everybody is Invited to at
tend theso services.
The gross value of Mesa's cante-
tminp r rnn thlu autumn la Ptnectpr! to
pass $240,000 from 1,200 acres of land.
Pi i
fim
ESE3B352E
Now In Stock
TWO PACKARDS -- - $500
ONE HAZELTON ' $500
TWO EMERSONS $450
ONE KURTZMANN , $400
TWO CHRLSTMANS $375
ONE HOMER $375
THREE BONDS $400
USED PIANOS
ONE GABLER
ONE CLARENDON
ONE SCHUMANN
ONE HARVARD
TWO PLAYERS, $550 and
$375
$300
$300
..$125
$450 .
All above regular terms $25 cash, $10 per month.
NO INTEREST
Special Terms $ 1 00 cash and $ 1 0 per month
Cuts Prices $50 to $100 on Each Piano
Pianos for rent $3, $4 and $5 per month
WV MUIR
NEXT WELLSFARGO
1L