i -1 irnt-i" 1 t" -f "ti"i-m t 'rrr-i-iii-iiniii -"TTtr fVTfr r myirnr - r rr iiTitib nrm.m uw nm-nri it iii- n
WEATHER
Thursday and Friday,
part'y cloudy, probar.iy
rain Thursday in north.
Associated Press Special Leased Wive Service.
VOL. 20. No. 262.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, APRIL 11, 1918
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
"fr j it
it it
WE
DILLON
MAKES
PLEA AGAINST
Irish Leader Declares Propos-
ed Kill Will Destroy Hope
of Irish Settlement During
War if Passed.
iRy Rovimr InI Wirej
LONDON', April 10 The house of
commons tonight parsed the second
reading of the government's man
power bill. The rote was 323 to ltf.
Factors which governed the recent
crisis, over the removal of General
Sir Win. Robertson as chie" of the
General t,taff, still seem to control the
political situation. The L'oyd-George
government has again challenged the
house of common to accept its man
power policy or provide anther gov
ernment.
CONSCRIPTION
. . Since no parliamentary section ap
pears ready to take the government
responsibility, the indications are. as
shown by today's debate on the sec
ond reading of the bUl. that the gov
ernment will carry the day. despite
clear evidence that the new proposals
meet with the most widespread criti
cism.
Moreover, the news from the front
today showing the continued gravity
of the military situation is helping the
ministers ia their new campaign
Opinion in the lobby of the house
was that former premier Asquith
cuuid have taken a much stranger
attitude againtt the government than
be did and the fact that he refrained
from utilizing the opportunity to em
barrass the government is indicative
of the spirit of a large section of the
house.
After a somewhat exlcting sitting
today the government carried the sec
ond reading of the man-power bill by
the unexpectedly substantial majority
of 221
In moving the second reading of the
manpor bill in the nous of com
I Tin today Sir George Cave, nnionl.t
member tor Surrey, said It was the
duty cf the country to do everything it
could do, and then only should U he
entitk-d to use to the fullest extent
the I c!p given by its allies. Germany
bad Mode Europe an armed camp, he
added, and the necessity of taking ev
ery nan who could be spared was
overhlming.
Sir George declared he had been advise;-
that the application of the man
power bill to Ireland would yield a
large number of men, but if only five
divisions could be gotten from Ire
land it would be worth while, lie
did not believe the army wou: l te
needed to force the operation of the;
measure.
Appeals -to Irish.
The speaker added that even if
there was an Irish parliament today
the question of conscription in Ireland
still ould rest with the Imperial
parliament.
Sir George, being continually inter
rupted by nationalist members, said
he dcubted whether the voice of Ire
land has yet been heard in the mat
ter The speaker of the house ap
pealed to the Irish members to give
Sir George a fair hearing.
Alter Sir Charles Hobhouse, the
forL.cr postmaster general, and Don
ald MacLean. had criticised the bill,
eip.etsing the opinion that the num
ber of men over 40 years who were
fit for service did not justify raising
the Lge limit. John Dillon, the nation
alist letder, said that apart altogether
from Ireland, no case has been mads
out for the bill itself. As to the Irish
proposals, they would destroy the
hope of an Irish settlement during the 1
Wal
Challenges Government.
He challenged the government to
make a plebiscite in Ireland and dec-
tared that Antrim would vote with 1
Clare against conscription. The farm
ers of Ulster, he said, were against
conscription.
St Edward Carson, interrupting,
said:
".No more than the farmers of Eng
lano.. Tbe estimate of 400.000 men from
Ireland, continued Mr. Dillon, was
nonrense. Two years ago the figure
was put at 120.000 and since then 20.
000 had volunteered. He believed that
no mor. than 80.OU0 could be obtained
"I
(Continued on Page Three)
12,000 ENLISTMENTS DESIRED
iiy Review I -eased Wlre
V.' A 8 H I NGGTON. April 10
Provost Marshal General Crowder
has telegraphed to state governors
asking them to make it known '
throughout their representative
states that tbe army needs about
12,00 men from about 73 different
trades and occupations.
It was learned todiy that a call
for these men soon to be issued
would be in addition to that of
last Saturday for the mobilization
of 150,000 fighting men on April
26th.
The estimate of the number of
men of special Qualifications in
only tentative and may le in
LEADS CANADIANS
FIGHTING AT FRONT
i x' ' -
.,- i -: .;:-: . - ,.;.y
I-. - Vfc jkuSS I man trencnes. committees in cnarge
ju 4 1 jot the Third Liberty Loan in the dis
. i I trict will make their reports of su!i-1
I . . .' . f f rcriptions thus far secured, the Calu-
Brig. Gn. Arthur W. Carrie.
Brig, Gen. Arthur W. Currie ia in
command of the Canadian forces who
hava done such gallant fighting: in
France. This is General Currie's
most recast photograph.
!S CRITICISED BY
SENATE COMMITTEE
Majority Report Says Situa-1
r J :
tion Disappointing While!
Minority Statement Gives
Signal Corps Much Credit
(By Rvifw Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, April 10. Difflcul- j
ties encountered in develomne the
tion's great aviation program were
presented today to the senate In wide
ly different aspects through majority
and minority reports on military com
mittee 3 protracted investigation of
the subject
The majority, through Senator
i nampenain or Oregon, cnalrman, de -
clared the entire aviation situation ;
gravely disappointing, charged gov-
ernment officials responsible for the ;
AVIATION
PROGRAM
ii.us.oui .uu wisKoums uie puonc sunF jn an 0f the theatres of the dis
with over-optimistic statements and trict slides for its illust.M'io are
urgently recommended th.-it (iontrol
be taken from the army signal corps
and placed in the hands of a single
executive officer appointed by the
president. This report is understood
to have been adopted by a vote of
eight to six in committee.
, Proud of Record.
Senators Myers of Montana and
Kirby of Arkansas joined Senator
Sheppard of Texas in the minority re
port which asserted the majority fail
ed to give an accurate impression of
the facts and that in the face of un
paralleled obstacles "on the whole.
the record of the signal corps is one
of which every American can be justly
proud. '
Although tbe majority says the pro
duction of combat planes has been a
substantial failure, apparently there
Is no great difference of opinion be
tween the majority and the minority
is to the present status of the pro
gram as a whale, the disagreement
arising over whether there has been .
,n.flc'e.nc5r Procrastination and I
misleading publicity as the majority
charges.
Some information heretofore re-
garded as closely guarded secrets is:
1 j .- 1 , , . . .1
1,,;'U8 'a ' unions omw
things it Is shown that
Many Pians Built.
Primary training planes to the num
ber of 3.458 and 342 advanced train
ing machines have been completed In
this country;
Production of training planes in the
United States is proceeding on quant-'
ity basis;
Arrangements have been made with
France for the construction there of
j 6.000 battle planes by 7,000 American
mechanics sent across the ocean for
(Continued on Page Two)
creased to 15.000 or more before
the end of the month, as military
needs dictate.
As is usual when special calls
aie made, the voluntary induction
system will be used as far as pos
sible. Any draft registrant fall
ing within the desired category
will be given the opportunity of
volunteering to his local board
lor service, but if the required
number is not obtained by this
method, local boards will "induct
enough men to till their quotas.
Repotts to the provost marshal
general will be made about April
29 it was said, and the call is ex
pected to follow nithin a few
days.
LIBERTY DRIVE!
CELEBRATION!
MARKSSUCCESS
Warren District With Nearly
Half of Quota Pledged in!
Third Bond Campaign, to
Hold Demonstration.
With tbe blare of horns and the
playing of patriotic music. Bisbee and
j the Warren district will this afternoon
at i o'clock, in front of the Bisbee
posiuffice, take their first lines of Ger-
met & Arizona band will play several
uatnotic airs, at least one patriotic
! song will probably be sung, and the
first trenches on the big Bisbee trench
sign, denoting the district's total
pledge to date for the third bond is
sue, will be painted off.
Three Trenches Fall.
At least the first three trenches will
be tpken in the first drive, officers in j
charge of the Bisbee and Warren dis- j
trict drive announced late last eve
ning. At noon yesterday pledges to
tbe loan had totalled 2S3,0mi, with
several committees yet to report. Only
a part of the thirty odd committees of I
I the district were represented in t his j
report. It is anticipated that the $11.-:
! 100 necessarv to comolete the first
1 three trenphpa iL-nuld havp bppn rais- !
led before last' evening. Reports this
I noon will indicate exactly how far the
I Hirrirt flrive hn nmeressed. and
I reports at 5 o'clock this evening, it is
i possible that the drive may have pro-1
eressed even beyond the first three
trenches.
Bond and Sonfl'-
jhtxe been completed. Late last eve-
ning J. N. Gaines, chairman of the
! Liberty Bond campaign for this coun-
I ty. alio Thomas A. Egan, secretary of
he commercial club, had prepared for
' the band. They had made arrange-
, menUi. also, for songs, and far at least
one Irlef patriotic address, to accom-
na-'Pan.v ne ceremony 01 tawing me iirsi
1 Prussian trenches. Uncle Sam,
through his Liberty Bond campaign
has sent out to committees through
out the district a new popular song.
"What are you doing for your
Uncle Sam,
"What are you doing for the
boys?"
,h ask , c RaIXourt will
., ,,! ,iHe Tn3i thi ntier-
noon at the occasion of the first
monstration. Later the song will be
now en route to the city, and with
thei- arrival the first apuc-iraucc of
the i-cng in the city theaters will be
announced. Meantime, sever? 1 hun
dreds of copies of the words will be
struck off, the leaflets will .lie dis
Iributed in theiudiences and through
out Ihe city, and an effort will he
made to make the song the riost pop
ular iu recent years.
Committees Meet Succrs?.
Committees working on the I.iuerty
Loai: drive in the Warren district yes
terday reported the same successes as
of the preceeding days, in one busi
ness bouse on Main street one of the
committees secured almost 100 per
cent of the employes for bonds rang
ing in sum from $50 to $ltwl. In oth
er establishments the saci s patriotic
reply v-.'as offered the committees
whetv.er they announced their busi
ness. Lo-acII district Liberty lk:nd vork
era leuort an unparalleled spirit of
patriotism and enthjsiasm in every
quarter. One wotker rwn this dis-
trict it ported yesterday afte,-uoo:i over
$50;i from the first afternoon's work.
The lusiness district and the two
local hospitals, reports this committee.
(Continued on Page Three)
WHAT YOUR LIBERTY j
BOND WILL AC-
COMPLISH
A $1,000 bond will buy six cases
of operating instruments for a base
hospital, or furnish pistols for a
rifle cijmpany, tr one "motor
kitchen.
One thousand five hundred dol- )
lars of Liberty bonds will buy a
motor ambulance, or a motor car
for a machine gun battalion.
Two $1,000 bonds will buy a ;
motor truck; three $1,000 bonds
will buy rifles for a field artillery j
battery, or supply horses for a field
signal battalion. )
Four $1,000 bonds will buy a trac-
tor; five $1,000 bonds will buy one ,
Liberty truck, or seven Lewis ma- )
chine guns, or equip a rifle com- S
pany with rifles. J
Six $1,000 bonds will buy a Lib- j
erty motor; seven $1,000 bonds one
training plane; nine $1,000 bonds
one observation balloon.
Ten thousand dollars of bonds will
; fully equip tnree nospitat waras 01
) 50 beds each, with all linen, cloth- f
ing and ether necessaries, or buy
1 six large wholesale sterilizing out-.;
I fits, or six motor ambulances.
GIANT AND DWARF MEET TO DISCUSS THEIR rrrv
DRIVES ON THE BOCIIES ABOUT TO BE BEGUN
1
Th. tnk.n2hoto sr.o.vs two
v?r y. "ex.,:
r -
valuable in a:r fighting.
AGAINST ENGLISH
NARROW FRONT
Claim 6,000 Prisoners Taken
With LOO Guns Captured;
British Say Counter Attacks
Are SuccessfuL
(Bv Review I-eased Wire!
BERLIN. (Via London) April 10.
The Germans have crossed the Lys
river i srverm points oeiween at
nientieres and Kstalres. according to
the cvMTnjT'iiTalpmfciits from Vfiital
head quarters.
"North of Armentieres." the state
ment adds, "we penetrated the Knt
list lines o nboth sides of Wawsten
W'a rneton."
Six thousand risoners and 100 guns
were captured by the Germans be
tween Armentieres and I.a Bassee ca
nal, the official statement from Gen-
eral headquarters announces today.
The text reads:
"Between Aremntier?s and La
Bassee canal, after strong penetration
by our artillery and mine throwers,
we attacked the English and Portu
guese positions. We took the first
enemy lines and captured about six
thousand prisoners and one hundred
guns."
"On the battle field on both sides
of the Somme violent artillery duels
and successful infantry engagements
developed.
"On the southern bank of the Oise
we also threw back the enemy across
the Oise-Aisne canal between Polem
brav and Krancourt.
"Eastern theater: In Finland our
troops, which landed at Hango. after
a short battle with armed bands, have
occupied the railway station at Karis.
In I'kraine. Kharkhov was taken on
April S. a.'ter engagements."
British Admit It
LONDON. April 10. Maintaining
their powerful attacks in the northern
part of the liritisii line, the Germans
continued to gain ground todav. The
official report from Field Marshal
Haig says that the British troops
were forced back to the line of W'yts
chaete. Messines Kidge anj Ploeg
steert. The statement reads:
"Following upon t!ie bombardment
already reported the enemy this morn
ing launched a fresh attack in strennth
aaainst our positions between the
Lys river and Armentieres and the
1 CQktf
GERMANS
ADVANCE
(IN
1 1 r 11
Ypres-Oomiijes canal. Heavy fighting, tains the broad Inhibition of words or
has been taking place in this sector j acts which "support or favor the causn
throughout the day. as well as on the 1 of the German empire or its allies or
whole front of yesterday's attack. -oppose the cause of the I nited
north of 1-a Bassee canal. J States."
"North of Armentieres the weight It also would punish .vflful and
of the enemy's assaults passed our; "disloyal, profane, scurrilous, con
troops back to the line Wytschaete-1 temptous or abusive" language rbout
Messines ridge and Ploegsteert. the American form of government.
"Bodtes of German infantry who construction, military or naval forces,
had forced their way into Messines flag or uniform." aiil wiltiil utter-
were driven out this morning by a ances designed to curtail production!
counter attack. 'of essentiol war materials.
"South of Armentieres. the enemy The senate adon'oj an amendment
succeeded after a prolonged struggle by Senator JonM of New M?xico. ,
in establishing himself on the left providing for dismissal of federal exe-i
bank of the Lys river at certain points cutlve employes m.iViiu disloyal slate
east of Kstaires and in the neighbor- inents. This was -i .-utn-littition for
hood of Bacstmanr. ; one introduced by Senator Penrose of
"This morning the enemy also Pennsylvania several days ago on '
crossed the Lawe at I. est rem. but was public information und other offlciils ,
counter attacked b your troops and on account of their writings in the
driven out of the village and back past.
across the river. Senator l-odge. after he and other'
"Between Kstaires and Givenchy senators had denounced alleged dis-1
our positions have been maintained. , loyal publications in the Geinian I
On other sides of the British front 1 American press, withdrew his amend 1
the day again passed comparatively nient prohibiting Germin language
quiet." pnhliration unless paral'eled by L'nc-
. list translations Senator Nelson ot 1
MOORE BEATS ERTLE MinnCfOta. opposed the ame:idm Mil.
1 declaring it an "insult" ! loyal Aineii-'
BALTIMORK. April 10. Pal Moore cans of German blood. Senator Borah
of Memphis, won the referee's decision of Idaho did not press censnrihip ai;-i
over Johnny Krtle o? St. Paul, in their ; thoi ity conferred In the original es-t
lifteen round bout here tonight.
.i-
Huge t aproni triplane facing a tiny scout
iyre ,1." 7ZZf 7h
s .k
Senator Stone Is
Paralysis Victim
Condition Better
(P.v Rvipr Teased Wire) '
WASHINGTON". April 10. Sen
ator Wm. J. Stone of Missouri,
stricken with paralysis today while
on his way to the senate office
building, was resting easily at his
heme tonisht and the atten lin?
physician said his condition was
most encouraging. A slight cere
beral hemniorhage aft'ected the.
senator's left side and rfniored
him helpless, though he did not
lose coiisiioiisiiess ,:t any time.
, It will be lmposible. according
to the physicians to state before
tomorrow just how ' serious the
trouble may prove to !.
The senator was str-cken on. a
street car and was-ta'-en first to
the 'office bui'ding befoie being
removed to hi home. 'fhoTe the
entire MiHsouii delegation in con
gress and many other friends gath
ered during the afternoon 10
await anxioitslM Ihe physician's
report.
SEDITION MEASURE
PASSED BY SENATE
Pine of $10,000 and 20 - Year
Term Penalty fc: Making
Disloyal Remarks or Ob
structing Army Draft.
(lly Review l.ease.1 Wlre
WASHINGTON. April 10,-The sedi
tion bill, prohibiting under penalty
of twent.v vears Imprisonment and
$10,00(1 fine, for hinguage or acts of
disloyalty or obstruction of tiio army
draft arid Liberty Lon-v-. passed the
senate today witnout a fonl vole.
It now goes to i-o-iferr re' between
the house and siuite and fin.il n
actmcnt is expected s:nm.
Protracted bitter debate marked
consideration of the measure, the pas
sage of which had been strongly ui j:d
ly iidmiiiistratiuti t.nici.iK to p"iinit
the government r- ileal with dislny-il
agitators and chec'i; T lie crowing dan
gers of mob vlolc;ii'e.
Though modified to jtie-t the ob
jections of senators who contended
the original draft- ouhl curb legiti
mate freedom of speech, the Mil re-
pionage act.
monoplane.
The giant Capronis ol
v dailv to'droo tons of e
.n eyurt. their i
ONLY SIX BRITISH'
DURING PAST WEEK
Of This Number Four Vessels
Were Over 1,600 Tons and
Two Below Figure: French'
Lose Two Craft.
1 Fly Review T.e;is-t Vlret
LONDON. April 10 The sinking of
British merchant ment' bv mines or!
submarines last week reached the next I
lowest level of any week since Ger
niauy Degan ner intensive suouiaqnc
SHIPS
SUBMARINED
campaign early in 117. Four ves-; on? 01 the main features of 'ihh Ger
sels cf more than 1.6-.0 tons, two f mar ,.ii;n3 for the 0ffensive as
less than l.K'0 tons and tow fishing wnole now. incomes obvious. The
boats were sent to tiie bottom. j kalsP. is bent on annihilating the
The admiralty statements adds: British armv. as far as is possible.
"Vessels unsuccessfully attacked, j Tlie neStjon of Keographv retires
11. inrluding two previously. , ,n ,,,,, -u k ground in comparison with
"Arrivals 2.5.14; sailings 2.49.. thi retentions program. This was
"Both fishermen reported today . threi.tenP( somo ,illle aRO am! now
sunk during the week ending March ; aDDears that a serious attemnt is iw-
30."
I tackj r.lready made are believed to be
The low record in sinking for any : but foierunners of other assaults,
week since Germany began her inten-' which will come in quick succession
sive submarine campaign was. in the along the British front. '
aggregate weight of tonnage sunk, the Prisoners declare the offensive
week of November 11. last. Then only rbove Armentieres will be extended
OPe vessel of over l.tiOO tons and five 40 kilometers northward. Everything
vessels of less than I.60O tons were the Germans can put against the Brit
destroyed. ish will he kept on this front and
Last week's admiralty statement dospeiste fighting must lie expected
announced the sinking of six merch- Yesterday's gains south of Armen
antmen of more than 1.600 tons, seven tieres were made mainly through the
of less than 1.600 tons and five fish- Ponngese front upon which the Ger
ing vessels. The previous week 2S wans delivered their main attack. The
merchantmen were sunk. 16 being of assault had been anticipated and tbe
1110 -e than l.OO'i tons burden,.
TWO FRENCH SHIPS LOST.
iHv Review Irf-asetl Virp
PARIS. April 10. Only two French
K'mitinueil on Pnite Threel
FRENCH FRONT VERY QUIET
PARIS. Airil M. -The war of
fice announcement tonight says:
"On the fr.'iit north of Mont
did i 'r and in the region of the
Oise canal artillery fighting was
maintained with considerable vio
lence: there was no infantry a--tiou.
AMERICANS NOW IN PICARDY
Bv Review T.ea,t VII
WITH THK BRITISH ARMY
IN FKANTK. April B. (By the As
sociated Press) The first of the
American fighting troops have ar
rived on the British front and
have been greeted with intense
enthusiasm. Tie overseas pio
neers were a battalion of infantry
CANADIANS AWAIT OFFENSIVE
CANADIAN ARMY HKAIV
QI'ARTKRS. April 10. (By the
Canadian Press Limited 1 -Foiled
In thvir atempt to outflank Vimy
Ridge in the south, the Germans
no- are attempting the same man
euver from the north of llethune.
The anniversary of th date ihat
saw Canada ictorlous tn win
nin" back so much of th" coal
lands of France, finds these lands
menaced again. Canada. iih Its
hard won Vimy Ridr;e behind it,
Mits tor Germany to dare a
frontal attack.
All yesterday evening and ih's
niomintr our guns answered those
of the enemy. Throughout the
area from the Scarpe to Souchez
little villages have known again
EFFORT
TO ANNIHILATE
ENGLISH ARMY
IS
Great Armies Locked in Ter
rific Combat With Enemy
Throwing Division After
Division Against Allies.
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IN
! FRANCE. April 10. (By the Associat
; ed Frers) The Messines ridge and
the Ploegsteert wood, which last June
were cleared of Germans ny a spectac
ular coup again today were filled with
swirling masse of fiercely battling
troops as the result of a new drive
launched by the enemy between Arm
entieres and Messines this morning.
For hours the German hordes have
been flinging themselves viciously
aga'nst the defending lines, and by
sheer weight of numbers forced their
j way forward at several points into the
Brit'sh positions. Messines. Ploeg
steert end Nineppe all had come with-
I in tu! zone of the bitter fighting dur
ing tLe forenoon, but. with the attacks
! and counter attacks in progress the
: situation was changing so rapidly that
it was impossible to say at the time of
the filing of this dispatch it p. in.
Wednesday) which way the tide of the
conflict was flowing.
Threaten Armentieres.
Today's push north of Armentieres
was a continuation or the new phase
of the great offensive which boiled un
yesterday between Givenchy and Arm-
waru fcuddeniy wltn tresn troops ami
made a considerable dent in the de
fending line.
If the enemy attack of today should
succeed Armentieres would lie In a
deep si'lient with the Germans well in
one cither side of It.
Tho, meantime fighting, is still iro-
! ceei!ill; at various points in the sector
between Civeachv sn.i 1 ruioottore
ing nihde to put it into effect. At-
present line to which the allies ire
buck v.as prepared as a counter move
to check the rush.
A completed German document
shows that German plan was very am-
(Contlnned on Pae Two)
"Wetook about "0 prisoners in
the course of engagements last
night. The day was relatively
calm on the rest of the front.
"It is confirmed that five addi
tional airplanes have been brought
down."
which came swinging along the
road Into a certain sector after
an all night march that began
on the annivarsary of America's
declaration of war. The dusty
uniforms and unshaven faces of
the Americans showed thpt trey
had been long on the road.
the blood price of battle. Women
and children are evacuating tiieir
homes. Ieath has visited ninny.
War broods over the ridge.
From Lens to Arras, ruin is be
ing added to ruin. Smoky by day.
rimmed in fire by night, our old
battle grounds are alive again.
Constant crumpling of shells in
Arras. Llei In. Acipieroivers and
other big and little wntftrs la
answered by the roar of our guns,
sweeping the enemy front, as
sembly and rear areas.
Fveryfhere there is confidence
and sure fore-knowledge that If
the enemy attacks our heights bis
price for that attack will be ter
rible. The temper of our forces Is mag
niflcent.
TEUTON
CONTINUING TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, APRIL 11, 1918.
Famine in Bull
Makes Punchers
Justice agents, admitted he had beeni
a corporal in the German army re-!
serres, and who also was a member!
of the American forces which occu-
pied Vera Cruz. Mexico, in April, 1914,
Yt J tt i TIT I J was arrested here today. Banr is ai
Itiae XieVCL fT IfUlleRed l have remarked that he still
held himself as subject to the Ger-
j man government's order. He carried
t.j i papers indicating he had been honor-
UdllU III , - . : ... . - .,
i States army. I
Bahr Is held as an enemy alien and
officials said an effort would be made
to have him interned for the dura
tion of the war.
He has been employed as. a sausage
maker in a provision company here.
War Summary
Cold fate must have had a
It. Cruel fate surely had a hand in
it. Every one of the seven sisters
of fate have conspired in it. And the
result has been
Did you ever see a land of cow
punchers without seeing every now
and then a pair of chaps?
Did you ever see a cowboy on the
movie screen without pistols?
Did you ever know of a puncher of
the west without a broad brimmed
hat?
Imagine any one of these pictures,
conjure np in your mind's eye a desert
scene without cactus, nad you have
the picture which bas been drawn
right here in Bisbee by the seven
sisters of fate.
There is a famine of Bull Durham.
Right here, in the land of the
makin's, where the brown papers nd
the sack of Bull are as common a
MEXICANS KILLED
IN BORDER FIGHT
(Pr Review leased Wli-e)
FORT HANCOCK. Texas. April 10.
American cavalry and Mexican fed
eral troops face each other tonight
across the Rio Grande at the San Juan
mine ford eight miles southeast of
here and the chanllenges of the Mexi
can outposts may be heard from the
American side. The Mexicans are en
trenched opposite here. They fired
the rocks on the hillsides, where every on an American patrol last night
other man and his brother roll their Three Mexican cavalrymen were
own, there is scarce to be had a I known to have been killed today when
sack of the juicy smokin'. Somethin' I a machine gun detachment of cavalry
must be wrong. . opened fire on the Mexican force op-
Tobacco stands throughout the dis
trict are practically out of Bull. When
their supplies will be replenished is
not known. But the Grand Canyon of
the Colorado is without color, the
hills are without rocks, and brands
look like mirages to the puncher and
vactjuero. May the seven sisters of
fate withdraw their charm and hasten
to the district its next shipment of
the makings.
AVIATION PROGRAM
IS CRITICISED BY
posite here, after the Mexicans had
fired approximately 100 shots at an
American patrol at the ford. Two
bursts of bullets were, fired from the
machine gun when the Mexicans re
tired from the river and were not
seen again.
Two Mexicans were also lulled near
Ysleta today by United States troops.
Soon after the skirmish between the
I Mexicans and American forces where
i a column of Mexican cavalry appear
! ed from the direction of Guadalupe,
American trops aic now reinforcing 1
the British line in Prance, along the
greater portion of which the Germans
are keeping up their strong attacks ,
with hordes of men and great concen
tration of artillery in assaults that
now apparently have their objective
in the penetrating of the battle front I
in northern France and Belgium.
11 was a happy lot of men that
swung into the sector chosen for them
and they were greeted with great en
thusiasm. From the south of Ypres in Bel
gium to the region of La Bassee. in
France, the new offensive of h Ger
mans is being carried on: with great
desperation, with thousands of men
advancing under cover of unprece
dented bombardments of the allied
rear lines, endeavoring to pierce the
bravely defended fronts held by the
British and Portugese and now also
at some unnamed points by Americans.
Drive New Wedge.
On several sectors of the new 20
mile salients have been driven by the
enemy, but in the process the Ger
mans nowhere have been able to
j breake through, the line merely bend
ing back under the great pressure.
Particularly deep are wedges north
west of Armentieres and northwest
of La Bassee salients which seem to
make certain the evacuation by the
British of Armentieres and to threaten
seriously the important railroad junc
tion of Bethune.
British positions southwest of Ar
mentieres, lying bet wen the rivers
Lys and Doube, north of Armentieres
along the five-mile front between the
Bloegsteert wood and the IVytschaete
Messines ljidge. hava been pressed
back by the Germans. East of La
Bassee, Givenchy hill, the key to Be
thune. has ben tenaciously held by the
m-eet nf liore Th column was one-
j half mile long and it was estimated British and the town of Givenchy re-
! taken, while to the north in the region
SENATE COMMITTEE 'tion of these and other Mexican ! of Ypres the enemy's attacks against
; troops movin? down the river opposite I the high ground about the Messmes
f-ontinurt from Pa On) here is unknown, but United States hidge everywhere have been decisive-
-onUmied frem 0n?) !army 0ffifers have known for a weekly applauded. The British in recap-
the purpose and using 11,000 tons of; of a general concentration of federal j lunusuiveucuy ..sue i.ny iuuu-
imorin m.t.rlai- ! trooDs in the Bis Bend district east uermans prisoner.
Construction of 11,500 battle planes ! of there and these troop movements
in the United States is planned. are thought to be a part or this con
Twenty thousand training schools j centrationt While the purpose of this
in America have rraduated 1.926 re-, concentration is unknown it Is . be-
CASUALTY REPORT!:
FOR DAY IS LARGE
lily Review Lru-xtl Wire)
WASHINGTON'. April 10. The
larrest casualty list for any day since
the United States entered the wai" was
announced by the war department to
day. There sire 2S:t names on the list.
KIe men were killed in action, three
died of wounds, eleven of disease.,
seven died of accidents, ten were se
verely wounded. 1'45 were wounded
slightly and. two were missing in ac
tion. A list' containing 447 names, is
sued yesterday, gave tee casualties for
six days. Today's list which i3 for
Tue.-day, April 9. follows
Killed in action
in getiing into the town, but each!
line ni was stormed out. !
The battle in Givenchy was sanguin-!
ary. I or hours the contending force3
fougnt at close quarters with rifles and i
hand grenades. The nature of tU ;
I Br.tisl. division was being attacked 'y !
, fou." German divisions and an ex' i
I hrigr.de. The Oerman artillery fire of
j yesttrday and today has been tor j
, rific. Great concentrations of guns I
: have been hurling steady strepnn of
j high explosives far back of the lines.
and virtually every village wi'.iin j
i each of the long range guns h-ive .
come, under the punishment of h.ite.
MAN WHO LED MOB
CONFESSES GUILT
(By Review Inse Wire,
CCLL1NSVILLE. 111., April 10. A
request that his body be wrapped ia
the American fla? formed thu last
j words of Robert Prater, hanged here
Corporal Jules F. b ya mob early last Friday, according
Fisli, Privates Carey R. Lvans. i red I to testimony today before the cor-
W. Keinzman. Salvatore Maresca,
Ralph S. Watts.
Died of wounds: Corporal John E.
Walsh, Cook Harry Hendricks, Private
George A. Ostrander.
Died of disease: Corporal Lyman K
Swasey, Privates Thomas H. Boiton
Orwin E. Carr, William Edwards.
David Fillmore, John L. Hall. Frank
tl Kohl. Leo Landry, Charles L.
Roehl, Ervin Jackson, Clerk Edmond
Krull.
Died cf accident. Cooks James Fee,
George Adolph Horn, Clarence Milnes
Privates Frank De Flavua, Nathan
Krantman, Henry F. Mitchell, James
J. Quinn. Jr.
Wounded severely: .Lieutenants
Daniel H. Lawler. William I). Meyer-
ing, John Walter Morris. James J.
WpII. Jr., Sergeants Seth A. Hensley
William J. SausviUe, Privates Dorsey
S. Dayton. Harry L. Erisman, Paul V.
Plummer, James Shields.
Missing in action: Corporal Thomas
McAllister and Private James P. Lash
The latest
German official statement asserts that
between Armentieres and Estaires the
Germans have crossed the Lys river
and that north of Armentieres the Brit-
..- i,. .u u ... l,v orrnv nffirer that an isn line on- ooui sides vi waasieu-
them have been given advanced train-! organized effort will be made to op- arneton have been penetrated. Six
iug. and that of 1.200 cadets sent hist' pose further invasions of Mexico ty! thousand prisoners and one hundred
year to England. France and Italy fori American trops in pursuit of bandits, i guns are .claimed to have been taken
training, only 450 have completed pri- Col. Geo. T. Langhorne, commander by the Germans in the fating be
marr training and because of the lack! of the Big Bend district which ir eludes Uween Armfleres! and La Eussee
of planes the others may have to be; this sectfon, is here in personal com- canal-
The famous Vimy Ridge,
NAVY STILL NEEDS
MEN FOR SPECIAL
SERVICE BRANCHES
recalled home.
Still Investigating.
Investigation of aviation problems
by President Wilson's special com ra It-
won a
year ago by the Canadians, is receiv
ing a prodigious visitation of shells
from. German batteries. The Cana
dians, however, with their usual com
placency, are awaiting an Infantry at
tack, satisfied that they will again be
able to decisively defeat the enemy'
i niand.
ELl PASO. Texas. April 10. Two
Mexicans believed to be smugglers.
1 were kliled by American cavalrymen
teeiieaded by H. Snowdea Marshall, I today near sieta. lz miles east or
still is In progress and a preliminary j here. According to the-report or tne
report from that body as to its ftad-1 af?air recc ed at district military
ings in connection with organization ! headquarters, a party of 13 Mexicans
of aviation service has been called for j fired on the cavalry patrol. The fire
bv the war department. It- has been I was returned and the Mexicans fled
indicated at the department that the ! leaving two of their number and a
action toward readjusting responsible i mule dead on the field. No American
iiy for the production of aircraft j was hurt.
w ould be based on that report Consul General Andres G. Garcia
TV. ..Mu. kmncrKt nn in B Will IftlVA tnmorTOW niOtflinZ fOT FOTt
house today by Representative Call-j Hancock to investigate 'the reported) on the sectors where the 1
well of New York, chairman of the-eta sh between American and Mexican Germans are disputing the
military subfommiwep on aviation, I troops. Mr. Garcia denied tbere were
wlio defended the signal corps and I any considerable number of Mexican
declared the manufactures of the Uni-: troops along the river east of El Paso,
led tSates have thought more of their He said a force of two hundred sol
country than they have of European ' diers were marching toward Ojiniga
money, "and today we are manufac-' and that these men probably had been
turing upwards of 1.000 airplanes ev-. sighted by the Americans at Fort Han
cry month and the production is in-! cock. Ben. Jose Carlos Murgia, in
creasing every day." i command of the Ojiniga garrison and
' of the frontier district, arrived in
HELD AS ALIEN ENEMY. Juarez late Tuesday night. At the
Bv Review wirei , Juarez military headquarters it was
DENVER, April 10. Gusiav H. . said he would remain there for at
Enlistments in the navy have been
somewhat slack for several days with
Recruiting Officer John Saladino off
the job due to illness, but now that
he is back on duty they are expected
tc boom again
Men are particularly needed in the
hospital corps and in the carpenter
aviation branches, although enlist
ments may be taken at this time in
a number of branches of the service
by men fitted for special work in the
navy.
Assisting Ma Saladino with the re
cruiting is S. Hanson, whose head
quarters are in El Paso.
With those who have become 21
years 0f age since last June compell-
j t u .1.:. i n n . ....-.
X . v ..i i .k ,h i,.. t0 register at an early date many
While the battle in the north has , , ...
been in
the Somme,
aligned against the Germans, has
been rather subdued. Not so, however, j
the battle in the north has; . .. - "
i . f. oi'tn.s class or young men w
iz Twhr sst fwTO
i m ty to enlist in tne navy and
ill take
opportuni-
and either
learn a trade or else follow the wcrk
Bahr, w ho, according to department of least two weeks.
occupancy
of terrain
Assaults and counter attacks have
been going on around Hangard-Ei-Sauteire,
the village changing hands
many times. At last accounts the
French not alone held the village but
also the nearby cemetery.
French and' ' c-x lnev are now doing in civilian
41 C . ....
Those who are qualified for service
in the navy in the special branches in
which enlistments are now urged will
be able to secure their releases from
their local draft boards by joining the
naval service or the reserve.
BELGIAN SHIP SUNK.
AMSTERDAM, April 10. The Bel
gian relief steamer Flanders struck a
mine in the free channel Monday and
sank according to the Handelsbladt.
The crew were saved.
r
Subscribe to the Third Liberty Loan,
Buy a Bond.
Apply Conservation to
Clothes Buying
Conservation is the cry of the na
tion and that means applying it to
clothes as well as wheat, meat and
other things.
As we see it. the efficient way to
conserve in clothes is to buy good
clothes that will deliver long serv
ice. Happily j
KUPPENHEIMER
CLOTHCRAFT
AND
COLLEGIAN
CLOTHES
Are three of the better known makes,
wliich have always been built that
way. They offer an all round combin
ation of qiiHlity, Btyle and fabric value
. that is unsurpassed.
If ru have
$20 to $35
or more to spend for a uit. e have
some pleasant surprises awaiting you
I I ue Serge Suits $.'5, $:'. an, Y',.
m pi
fl -v.:.' I Z&tV
TEUTON EFFORT
CONTINUING
(Continued from Page One)
t r s .'v.'uir. a. - .
I m t H
t m
Cnrr' I
91
Buy a Bond
nitious. iney expected to pusn
through as far as Bethune in a circular
movement southward along the canal.
This document stated that the ra-
I tio i-f forces would be three German
'regfniouts to six British companies
and certainly the enemy outnumbered
the tilies greatly..
Thi British division which made
' such a gallant htand at Givenchy,
'twice throwing the Germans out and
then holding thd place, was recorded
as l eing very weak.
The Germans began the attack with
an i:.cnse oomhardment and then put
lo'.'i ene of their heaviest bareiciv
, thus far seen. Under protection of
this tliey advanced and having filtered
thiougl. the Portugese outposts rin-noti.-ed
in the heavy fog threw them
selves on the front line.
' After an hour of fighting the enemy
' gained possess'on of the front line
east of Fauquissart, in the center o;
; the sector involved. With the aid oi
further barrage they surged forward
and attacked the second line, which
: they aiso occupied. It was 11 o'clock
wh-r. the enemy pushed on in to Lav
emit, which rendered the situation at
Fleuibsix, on the north, a very dif-
i ficult one.
Counter Attacks Win.
' The Portugese were holding the line
fro;t near Iaventie to Richehourg St.
Vaast. and here they clung until about
2 o clock In the afternoon w hen the
! cnem made a charge against the open
ground against them. The defending
pot-it ions were carried hy storm ati j
; the Portugese forced to fall hack to
a liix previously prepared, where tl.cy
were joined by British reinforcement.
'North ol I-aveiitie the enemy had suc
ceeded in crossing the Lys in small
numbers, getting a footing in Estaires,
: but thib luortiing were thrown out by
a counter attack. During I he night
a counter attack further north also
p.isl.t.l the enemy back apparently to
tho liver. Givenchy was the pivot ol
the battle and the most important
posit iot along the line tor the high
ground here dominates the whole Lys
i valley. The enemy tried to work
round the place, and twice succeeded
oner's Inquest by Joseph Riegel, it
was said tonight by persons who were
present at the inquiry which was hell
behind clcsed doors.
Riegel, according to these persons,
admttte dhe was a leader of tho mob.
Prager was hoisted into the air by
boys from 12 to 16 years old. Riegel
is said to have testified. He is de
clared, to have said Prager doIed
that he was a spy or that he had
hoarded powder with the purpose of
blowing up the Maryville mine. Rieg
el. it ii said, paid tribute to Prager's '
bravery, declaring that the latter never:
shed a tear, except when he kissed the
flag and that he did not beg for
mercy.
Riegel made a confession early to
day to a St. Louis newspaper man ,
and persons present at the inquest as
serted tonight that Riegel had reiter
ated before the jury every detail men
tioned in his statement to the re
porter. Buried With Flag
ST. IX) IMS, April 10. The dying
wish of Robert Prager, hanged by a
mob at Coliinsville, I1U last Friday,
that he be buried with an American
Has. was respected today when fu
neral services, attended by " several
hundred persons, were held from a
local undertaking establishment A
large Tlag was draped over his body.
Numerous floral tributes came from
rersens who had not known the man.
The services were In charge of a
German branch of the Odd Fellows, of
which Prager was a member.
You've Been Earning
For Years?
Has it cosk you every dollar of it to live?
These are pertinent questions, but the man who
answers them honestly to himself will feel the time
has come to start a Savings Account with this bank,
save for the future and get 4 per cent Interest.
Thiiik it Over!
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona
TWELFTH AVIATION
VICTIM IS KILLED
IN AIR COLLISION
Conservative management and
strength commend this Bank to your con
sideration. The Checking Accounts of individuals
are especially welcomed.
All business entrusted to us will re
ceive prompt and careful attention.
Bank with us.
(f!v Review leased Wire!
SAN ANTONIO. Texas'. April 10
The Twelfth flying fatality at Kelly
Field and the fifth to result from a
collision occurred today when Elam
A. Ankrum. 24 years old and recently
married, of Champaign. 111., was kill-1
cd and George S. Douglass, Maryscille,
Kansas, was injured when their air-i
planee met at an altitude of about 150
feet. Douglass Is expected recover.
Both of the flyers were American
cadets and both arrived at Kelly Field
March 5. Cadet Douglass. 22 years
old, came from a field at DjHas. oBth
had attended tho school of military
aeronautics at the university of 1111
noise.
SCHOOL OF MUSIC
ROOM 1, JACOB SCHMID BUILDING
Private Instruction on Piano, Violin and Other Instruments.
. INSTRUMENTS LOANED FREE TO BEGINNERS
Phone Blue 650.
WOUNDS MOB MEMBER.
(Bv Ri view I.aseil Wire)
LOS ANGELES. April 10. Allege j
I. W. W. proclivities of a man livin?
at La Habra, near here, and known
only by the name of "Walking" E'.-l
Hot. resulted in the serious wounding'
of Elliot and Eugene Young when a
crowd, including the latter, went to!
Ellito's home tonight and attempted!
to make his kiss the American flag.
LOOK AT A CHILD'S
TONGUE WHEN'GROSS
FEVERISH AND SICK
Take no chances! Move pois
ons from liver and bowels
at once.
When You Think of Building
Think of
GIBSON-HINES
LUMBER COMPANY
J. W.F.SMITH.
Manager
Phone 88
MM hers can rest after giving "Cali
fornia Syrup of Fiss", becauset in a
few hours all cloged-up waste, sour
bile and fermenting fo::d gently moves
jut of tlic towels, and you have a well.
playful child again. Children simply
A-ill nut take the 4in;e from play to
jmpty their bowels, and they become
Lightly packed, liver gcis slui-sh and
stomach disordered.
When ci'jss, fen'rish, restle.-s, see ir
'.onsue M coatod. then give this deli-
ious "fruit laxatiiC." Children love
it, and tt can not c::usc injury. No dif-1
erence what ails your little one if,
ull of cold, or a s'jre throat, diarrhoea, .
tomachaelie. -bad breath, remember.'
i penile "iii.side cleansing" should al
vays be the tirst treatment given,
"ulll direction.-; for huMra. children of
.11 ages and gi'jwn ups are printed on
!ach bottle. . !
He ware ;f coiiMlerfi ft lis syrups. Ask ;
our irim;-,ut ior -i hot'le of 'lal:f.)r-'.
lia Syrup of Kiss", then look careful-,
y and sec that It is made by tho "Cal-1
.forum Fls Syrup Company." We
make no smaller size. Hand back
with con cmpt any other fig .-yrup.
Advertisement
The Body of
Our Paint
Is pure white lead. It is mixed with
turpentine or pure linseed oil ac
cording to whether It is to be used
for in or outside work. There is no
grit in it; no adulterants to make
its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always get their supplies
here. Wouldn't it be wise for you
to follow their example.
Bisbee Lumber Company. fnc
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE tt.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
"The best oi everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daity. Also $ I .CO dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. ReguJar Board by the month, $-J;
$ 1 0 by the wek.
Henry Poppsn. Manager.
Don't Let Catarrh Drag
You into Consumption
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
CorrtJpondenu: Paine, Weber & Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
Avoid Its Dangerous Stage.
There is a more serious stage of
lata; in tnan tne annoyance caused
l y tlie stipped-up air passages, and
the hawking and spitting1 and other
ilirtntcful feature:.
'Jhe real !anger comes from tho
( tendency of the disease to continua
J i s cur.-c downward until the lime
J leco::ie affectcj, and then dread j1
1 1 consumption i: en your pnth. Your
7 j ovn experience l-. j.-i' ia-vrht ycu that
sprays, inhalers, atomizers, jellies
and other local applications.
S. S. S. has proven a most satisfac
tory remedy for Catarrh because it
goes direct to its source, and re
moves the germs of the disease from
the blood Get a bottle from your
drurrgist today, and begin the only
logical trcatr.ent that gives real re
sults. You cun obtain special medical
r i'Mce without charge hy writing ta
Vertical Diiector, ii7 Swift Labora-torj-,
Avlanta, (Ja,
isbee Decorating Co.
Gcr.eral Painting, Paper I hinging, Tinting and
Signs. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y. W. G A.
P. O. Box 1531 Fhone 739 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, APRIL 11, 1918.
r
TIIREE
ARIZONA MINING
MEET WITH
DECLARED ON SED
Sessions Brought to Close With Ringing Resolutions of
Patriotism; Charges That Mines Knowingly Employ I.
W. W. Members Branded as Unqualified Lie; Next
Meeting in Prescott
TUCSON. April 10. Concluding
their sessions with a ringing resolu
tion of patriotism in support of the na
tion and its administration, and declar
ing out and out war upon all enemy
propajradanda as a menace to the
homes of the men and women of Ari
zona and all America, the Arizona
chapter. American Mining congress
directors concluded their formal ses
sions In this cfty last evening and ad
curn d to meet in mi-monthly session
next in Prescott. Both Jerome and
Humboldt Joined with Prescott in
urging the next session for that city.
Most of the more than 23 mining men
assembled in Tucson for the meetings
on Monday and Tuesday from every
part of the state, left for their homes
last night. The concluding resolution
of the sessions In Tucson follows:
Resolved. That we, the directors
of the Arizona chapter, American iTin
ing ron?re.-s. assembled in meeting at
Tucson and representing the import
ant Bietal prouueing mining districts
of Ai-icona. take this occasion to pledg?;
anew our fullest co-operation
i with
President Wood row Wilson and the:
federal government and to reaffirm
our unalterable purpose to do all in j
our power as individuals and in our
official capacities to help win the war. j
"We reaffirm our determination to j
carry cut th wishes of the govern-1
tnent in the conduct of our enterprises
and to iraintain in every way we can j
like patriot!; snirit amone our fellow
workers and emnloves.
"We pledre ours- lves. tc leave-no
thing undone to di-tect snd punish the
disloyal propagandists In our country
aad to save our people from the fright-
fulness that these propagandists would
bring to our shores and inflict upon
us, even as they have upon Belgium, j at tins time to mae run ana puoiic i evj0W wju print each day a partial
France. Rumatii.i. Russia and their , retrsctions of all of it3 intimations jjst L.j subscribers to the new issue,
other victims. r.nd. jand charges in connection with the'L.efre tne PtJj of tne campaign The
"Whereas. This spirit c.f patriotism mii:r " ; cvjPW seek to place before the
is ascenupnt over r.U o'h r thiiiss In j Tucson Hospitality Praised. ! public the names of every bond pur
the direction of t'-e mining industry j During llie concluding sessions of.chasier of the third issue. Commit-
in Arizona during the war period, we
feel that the encouragement of this
truth of our attitude should be extend
ed to our president and those of his
executives bearing the greatest bur
dens of the war. and to the Arizona
congressional delegation, and we
therefore direct that copies of this !
resolution be forwarded to ashing-
ton, and that copies be given to the
press." j
To Me?t With Defense Council. I
Suggestion received re sterday from
the stat coun- :1 of defense that a :
meeting in association with that
organisation raislit be productive of tended. .These organizations with the "ay to report mimeaiaieij ino suo
good results was promptlv adopted bv, public of the city have found ways of senptiens received upvto 3 o clock this
the director? of the chapter vestcniay making those in attendance upon the afternoon, but replies did not reach
afternoon, wlcr., responding to a mes
sage received from T. J. Croaff- con
veying the 8'itrrestion. the firectors
filed an immediate telegraphic reply
stating that the executive committee
of the board would be glad to meet ?.f
any time with the executive board of
the council of defense.
Earlier in the day a resolution was 1
adopted which gave more or less em
phasis to the reply indicated above.
In the earlier resolution, which was
immediately given out for publication.
the Arizona chap'er directors made;
empnauc oeniai or tne rumors tnai I; rpon c!osinK cf the afternoon ses
W. . were be ne sought and know-1 .i . a.... . j
ingly employed in Arizona mines and i
demanded that this, one of a number
of false rumors, always to be found in
LIlf.UIUI.iUIl lJill-ri U1UK l II C Sidle S .
ujajur HiuuMry, De prornpuy ionowea
to its source and offic ially branded hy;which -,me' he extended the inVlU-1
ine counc il 01 aeiciise as a laismooa.
The resolution cs adopted follows:
I. W. V. Canard Lie Nailea.
'Resolved that: Whereas, the execu-1
-Ar- ' 600--PEOPLE--600 l , , . t M
51." TfA. PR.iENTING Al-L NATIONS L I A. S 1 11
?SyW -SrrC 3-hf.pds txtPHANTs i fvtxTrrT,
f 4 XjC7 atV -horses-42s v riWuIflL '
IPWW. VZ&l U-ACRES OF TENTS-II gJiL'a&j&
4 .-Z-S-ft VSV I0.0DO-8EATS 10.000 ThMl'mtM I
VT-? 1.M.-WOKOERS-L00. IvUlW
A C A ' SUBLIME, SUPREME, STUPENDOUS
: iYlEJIW4. PROCESSIONAL SPECTACLE
RAINor o nrnrAnniri
SHINE
BISBEE krnTi
SxhirAnv mm 111
CONGRESS ENDS
LOYALTY PLEDGE; WAR
ITfON IN STATE
tive committee of the Arizona Council
of Defense has passed aresolution
stating that repeated statements from
a reliable source have been made to
it that members of the I. W. W.
organization are being brought into
Arizona and employed in the mines for
the purpose of disturbing labor con- j
ditious of the state, the said resolu
tlon calling upon all persons having
evidence of such procedure to present
the same to the executive committee
of the Arizona council of defense to
be considered at a special meeting and
to receive proper and effective action,
and.
"Whereas, Raid resolution, by im
plication, i! not by direct statements.
accuses the mining industry of the
,.,, ., . ,v. j
to the federal government, and such
accusatiou being wliolly false and con
trary to the facts therefore be it
Resolved. That the Arizona chapter
Ti ?. i'LS!'
nnrety records itself as unalterably i
opposed to giving employment to any!.
member of the I. W. W. organization in
the mines of this state, and while not'
believing that such employment is'fL,,,'
knowingly being given by any mine
in the state, if any person is know-!,,
ingh bringing I. W.
W. members in-
to the state for employment.
mand that such practice be immedi-jg
a;eh stopped, and
uesoi.eu. inai we aemanu i"
invnstigf.'.ion of these
accusations.
such) to b conducted
' v. h'i the fullest thoroughness before j
'the executive committee of the Ari-'
iona committee of the Arizona coun-; ch-se Libe,ty Bonds in this district,
cil of defense at the earliest possible , are now teing completed by those in
date, unless the said committee basicha,.gc Df the campaign. Beginning
reached conclusions which call upon it witliR the xt two or three davs The
the diitctors of the Arizona chapter,
yesterday the treatment extended the (the banks, working with Mr. Gaines,
v!sitors by Tucson came in for appre- and tne Commercial Club will furnish
ciation in the followine resolution: the honor list to the paper. Those in
"Resolved, That this chapter does charge of the' national campaign have
express its appreciation of the gen- requesied that the honor roll be publ
erous .hospitality with which the peo-!islud in every district.
pie of Tucson have received its mem-j
brrs and that particular appreciation
be extended to the Tucsorr Chamber
cf Commerce and its secretary"!
John F. Myers, and committee. Mr.
Allan Jaynes. and to the Old Pueblo
club membership
and the Country
club membership
fnr rourf ipsipia er
chanter meeting feel at heme nd l- treasury iuuiKui in nine iu
have given cause for us to go b.ick ; tabulated. Hereafter, the subscrip
to our several parts of the state with tn for one day's work are expected to
v-arm words of praise for Tucson and -now In the treasury totals the follow
expresKlorfc of real pleasure because , la? night. These reports will be of
cf t.'-e ncnuaintames made here and -two classes subscriptions which have
the friendships renewed. (reached reserve banks, accompanied
"It is herewith directed that this i
resolution be entered upon our min
tites and that copies thereof be given
.the press, the attitude of which in its
marker kindness has also won our ap
! preciation."
Are Guest, of UnjVerity.
gursts drove t0 the 8tate university,igl
where they were campus guests for an .
hour or more. The call followed a
fait - tliA ii Attna' mnAfinir In nJ
mnrnlnp hv rir vnn KleinSmiH it".
on. Hjg cal, wa9 by way of return
!of rcurtesy extended by the chapter
j directors through M. Curley of Ajo,
general superintendent of New Cor-
irnrn
2150 DOORS 0FEM1
SlSan. H0C1 EASIER
,nelia. Mr. Cnrloy wns nssfKnotl tli
j honor hy the chapter, delivering an
i address in the morning before the
smueni rouy or t!ie university, upon
request to the directors the previous
I day for such favor. Mr. Curley sur-
! prised his friends of the directorate
jand in Arizona Benerally by accepting! OliUllO UUUIKL MIL' ,r-"uKht the argument against j '
and deliverim? an imnroinptu address j 'compulsion in Ireland had been i merchantmen, both over l.fiDO tons,
i iK-fore tiie Htudents w.'iich was com- 'strr :trthened rather than weakened by j were sunk by mines or submarines
i mented upon as one of brillani v. ,.fi'nir in WfL-icA- "fh , v, the iiine that had elapsed since it was : dtirinK the week ending April C. ac
! Known as one of the Rr-alest of Ari- ' ,,.,,,, -ilc-itiv . L considered. i c-crilins. to the official announcement
! zona's hifr industrial forces, end with 1 ,V Vivt ii'nV' t ' ZVn 1 The government was introducing a tnnisht. One vessel was unsuccess-
; few ual, and 6 superiors in driv : , UllZio ot ' tTJV- "h "T' U"
ing forward as an executive in large ... ,Win.,lnrl ,i, ..,, ', ' ! ?lm and ne hoped the measure i ,
I enterprises, Mr. Curley acquired en-1 ' ",,, ln '.P,t"('n;s, would be received with something lika , SELL MANY BONDS.
tirely new honors in his success as an
orator, so far as his Arizona friends
ere advised.
LIBERTY DRIVE
.
CLL1J3KA I IUN 5UCCK55
(Continued from Page One)
are responding generously to the call
of their country.
Announcement by the D.illn Fed
eral reserve bank that the qti-tr-i rf
this district had been raised with the
quota of the county and the sube
quent discovery that the Warrt-u dis-
lrict wlU be called on to pledge n this
occasion $750,000 instead of SI .'.0 'Ha
as on the former two bond drivos. has
stimulated work among the commit
tees in the field rather than li.i,'our.i;
ed the workers. Added cnthuslasir.
and -ep was reported in every com
mittee which worked yesterday, anil
the diisions into which th; city hr.s
bee sub-divided for the pur"o f
the campaign, have now stare;i a riv-
-..
w-ill raise the largest proportion of
this additional $100,000. Reports fio.-.i
the remainder of the county as re
ceived last evening by J. N. Gaines,
chairman, indicated that the same
spirit of do and do well has been ev
ea M as 'soon as it
rt -j ,
,..
vaa uiiiiuuuci.'t iiiui v uvia
,-,..' '
Cochise county must not be lag-
T (hair aalr ti a t r a oa tan
, timcs cur form mnst do
. , "1 TU.
. t, f, ,, i 0it1 ,i
t0Q mucn We cannot d(J more
ithan cur share at this time and we
mus, t0 our very best to support the
! government in everything which it
, - - - -
Arri-i.gements or toe publication of
the mil nf honor of fhnsA who mir
tees in charge of the campaign and
To Give. Out Fioure
(IK Heviw I-:iM-'S Wire)
WAf KINGTON. April 10. Begin
ring fmorroT the country will he
iien laily figures on total subscrip
tions for the third Liberty loan. Kel
rial reserve banks were instructed to
the
by ''VG P-T cent initial payments; anu
in addition the total of these sub
scriptions and those reported by banks
and trust companies in the districts,
but not actually forwarded to the re
serve banks with the cash payments.
Local rnmnnlfti commit teea will be
nprmltteri tn irather ronnrtu nf the Int.;
noon ses-' c)ass ,n their con)nmnitfes and to(
and theirg,j:eanem out for pllbIlcation- !
Since a bank does not reord a sub
,., , flvo , ,niai .
payment has been niade it is believed i
i. i kqiio.i
U.HVU -
. j a result of the order will be comple-'
" " v .
" Ll".ff .k.-"!! .";"!
uiuic njic.uin i ua u U iuc ift ivuu i
campaigns. !
A note of caution against too much
optimism over success of the loan' in j
the first days was sounded in tonight's
treasury review.
'.
' NEW YORK AHEAD.; j
ibv Roview i.vi!om wire?
NEW YORK, April 10. Official
8Ubre'iptions - to the third Liberty
Loan in the New York federal reserve
district amounted to $157,097,350 to-1
night The figures were made public
by tbe federal reserve bank with, the
peril' ibtion of the treasury depart
ment. Official subscriptions for the
sam period in the second loan were
$65,574,000 or less than halt the sales '
thus far in the third loan. . j
Bargain Booth
Women's Slip-Over Sweaters
sezie! $4.95
They are the richest looking that Have appeared in many
seasons. This you will immediately acknowledge once
they come within range of your vision. They are made
of summer Shetland in the popular slip-over style, in
color combinations as nile -and salmon, turquoise and
salmon, rose and oxford, etc.
A Bargain Booth Feature for today at, special $4.95
, 110011 A TAIMAflPC I HI
jlf)ifl I ALIVIAUUl" III
'
TUL Hffll I LI IT LlPI I
lilt iliU I li Ml LMUlL
j i
CUfllJuv OflPIAI IITl?
; ,, , ... ..-rv, .. .1 " c.ir
whence the title "The Moth." the Selz-
nick picture, starring Norma Tal- Bonar Law's View. i
i made which comes to the Eagle the- It was all-important that unneces-i
atre today. In this rase "the moth",sarv domestic controversy should be
is a vour.g society woman who wastes
. ..: . ,.,
i
WHU lull? UJltll C IUIU1 ItlUUIlL IU Iirr
bated to thr.ll the most b.ase of
The Moth- .e,l the sto.y of a
yng girl of weaiti, and social posi -
uoii no u.- i !...- r iiumle iiic
examuie or t leotraptra anu iurt ner
way to immortality."
Ned C unningham, the vounir district
attcrney, se(ks to pilot her to a safe
port but innocently furnishes the one
we.inon needed by the worthless hus
band to extort more money from his
affluent spouse. A dashing English
soldier. Captain Auchester. a man of
mystery. Hat-hes across her horizon
and further complicates matters. The
supposed murder cf Mrs. Marbridge,
which .is finally determined to be a
suicide, a-lds to the contpletitiiy of the
story.
FUEL OF LIFE FILM
AT ORPHEUM THEATER
WESTERN MINE STORY
Leonard Durant was a typical west
erner. He was "side-kick and
bosom companion of Bob Spalding,
discoverer of Bob-Cat mine. They had
been friends since childhood and both
had staked all on the Bob-Cat mine.
They lokoed for backing from Brag
don Brant. New York, financier, who
was heavily interested in the mine.
They did not know that Brant had de
termined to E3i" control of their mine
and the spur track which hauled the
ore to the railroad.
Bob Spaulding had a vague idea of
the -importance- of control and stub
bornly refused to part with any of his
stock. He would have trusted his
partner. Durant, with his life, so he
believed their stock was safe.
A woman's smiles caused Leonard
Durant to forget his partner, his hon
or and his manhood. How he parted
with the stock to win the favor of
this weman and the punishment he
reaped are gripping features of the
stirring new Triangle drama, "Fuel of
Life," in which Belle Tennett is
starred. This picture will be shown
at the Orpheum theatre today.
An ndded attraction will be a pic
ture. "Who Trains the National Army"
a picturizatlon ot cantonment camp
1 ijfe.
DILLON MAKES
PLEA AGAINST
CONSCRIPTION
(Continued from Page One)
without doing infinitely more injury by
desnoyiug the food supply.
The real purpose of the bill was to
divert public attention and inquiry
from the true causes of the failure on
the western front. The attempt to ex
tend the bill to Ireland would open up
anothei war front in Ireland, all the
more formidable because it would be
a moral front, in which Britain would
be jvrong; it would be a front, which
Whatever form the
conflict took.
would spread to America
tral'a and to all the cor
and Aus-
corners of the
earth where the Irish race were seat-
tere 1 The prospect before the gov
eminent was that for the remainder
.. -1, 1-I,I
vtri.t mllltarw lw ith ovor.inoroaa.
ine WUerai
Want Country Option.
In committee the nationalists would
propc-e to have county option, and if
,ne government would concede that,
perhaps they would cry quits and not
oppose the bill further. He had no
hopj that a home rule bill acceptable
to Ireland could be passed.
Ex-premier Asquith said he much
doubteO whether the raising of the
military age to 50 would result in the
increased military efficiency expected.
He considered it more probable that
owing to the resulting dislocation in
industry, it would cause a diminution
in tbe sum total of the available na
tional effort for the conduct of the
war.
Dealing with Ireland, be said that
Special Today
whether compulsory
it wui nmiHiHfii 11 r
jCreut Britain bIioiiIiI le extended to
i ireirr.c hail already been twice oon-
' s',!o' ,,y ,he la,e Kvernrnent and
ion loth occasions had been dclibfr-
a,p wctec!.
i general assent.
avoided and an unbroken front should
; i. ,.,.,.t.,..i . ,k i . l. n!,
hi ri i irJLXZZT
...v. ..w. a u' viat.
j That was why this bill was panted.
! m
, y
- luinc inr. rauuic
' forces was not against the allies on
tne v stern front. Not only the gor-
err.ment. but the British and French
militai; advisors believed that there
was no danger of anything fatal hap
pening. Whereever the fault lies it
j rioP!I "ot r"eve the necessity of filling
the ranks In the army unless we are
prepared to accept the position that
rve carrot win.
"We have been able to fill the wast
tiga in the battle thus far, but. ac
cording to the figures of the casual
ties mailable, the most critical time
is likely, to arise the end of May and
Jun. We have succeeded to some ex
tent i.i meeting the difficulty by what
the Americans have done. We canmt j
put too high our admiration or Presi
dent V ilson's action in this matter in
brigading the American troops. Noth
ing hut absolute necessity could have
justified our making such a demand
or IrtMdent Wilson's acceding to it."
Train Men Four Months.
There were still eight months at
least of this campaign left, Mr. Bonar
Law continued, and if the struggle
went on as the government believed it
would the men conscripted now
would become available just at the
time they were needed. The govern
ment had already put in men of four
months or less training, and must face
the economic risk, confronted as it
a, by a greater risk.
"What we are doing now," he said,
"might mean the difference between
victory and defeat."
With regard to Ireland, the govern
ment did not contemplate without re
luctance or hesitation doing anything
which threatened to make Ireland Eng
land's enemy. It ought not to be so.
The government was asking Ireland
to tic nothing which was not asked j
frcn the citizens of every belligerent !
countr ' and the fact that it was de
layed pioved that the government had
been anxious to deal fairly by Ireland.
"Via acted only after mature con
sideration," said Mr. Bonar Law, "and
we are not going to alter our decision.
If this clause is rejected it would be
wise to reject the whole bill. If the
t ism tr- rViinlra Qpa tn 'i Vine n miti.
take we will do our utmost loyally to
support any other government which
carries on the war."
Seriousness Shown
WASHINGTON, April 10. With
the news that American troops now
are in the battle zene. the blunt state
ment c: David Lloyd George, the Brit
ish premier, to parliament as to the
situat!3n in Picardy, came home to
Americans tcday with added force.
Army officers expressed astisfattion
that the reinforcements ordered into !
the fight by President Wilson bad b3
Kun to arrive, for the British premier I
had left no room for doubt that the .
need for them is urgent. j
isemna iliac auvmice guaru, uiuer
American forces are moving rapidly to
the front. Figures may not h-5 dis
closed, but it is known definitely that
the rate of departure of American
troops for France now is three time3
that of only a- short time ago.
The increased troop movement
makes intetest in the submarine situa
tion acute.
While there has been no informa-
PAPE'S
GRAIN TRIANGULES OP
M"" quer.tion
(service, when
DIAPEPSIH
FOR INDIGESTION
Ri-ffstprgrl In V. S. Pat. Offlcg
Stops Indigestion, Dyspepsia. Heartburn.
Gases, Sourness and Stomach Distress
Eat "Pape's Diapepsir." like Candy
Makes Upset Stomachs feel fine
Lare SO cent ease. Any drug store. . P-elief in f.w minutes!
ft f ?6I fEl esgB Sf?: Sfil a ara. a.
XJ'SM
-1
-'f.:Cr v 'rfe- IT will K-allv snrnr;.
ujf. t'VVXy
--.-.lVSl.J.Tt.;VV
ilIL 0
Look for the Ei
Me
Ft;
Tag it i your guar.
Fi anler of MaalerScrvice
m
te-. e- ar- ec- re -
ONLY SIX BRITISH
SHIPS SUBMARINED
DURING PAST WEEK
v-
(f'nntimieil fiom Pape One!
ITir Review I-mihhI W!rl
DENVER. April 10. Subscriptions
to the third Liberty loan fr;m Colo
lado. outside of Denver, totallerl $2.-
uminiu. uurii. imuii u-uu-
-luarteri. announced
The 341st fi-ld artillery hand will
g ,i
I J K fni Von il
loVado SpHngs! "Sffpi
Leadville. Grand Junction
Grefley. lmran;:o and Trinidad.
Leslie M. Shaw, former secretpry of
the treasury of the I nited states, will
arrive in Denver Sunday next, to
t-'peak in behalf of the loan.
DOWNEY EEATS RObSON.
fHv Review I.snil Wlrol
BOSTON. April 10. liryan Downey,
the Columbus. Ohio, welterweight, de
feated Tommy Kubson. Boston, in a
12-round boxins bout here tonight.
t:on to ind'iate any increased men
ace to the transports, the very de
cieded falling off in the sinkings of
British ships last week and the pres
ent wc?k was interpreted in some
quartets to metn the diverting of the
U-toats to the transport lines.
BUCKHECHT
ARMY SHOE
The moment you put
it on you say ."Hello"
to comfort and "Good
bye" to cramped toes,
crowded feet and -the other
foot troubles that mar your
comfort and your peace of
mind. Here it is take a
good look at it:
Black
Gun
Metal
$6.50 to $7.50
Sturdy and serviceable and
substantial isn't it? And
every bit as good as it looks.
Made on the famous Munson
last specified by the U. S.
Army worn by all our sol
diers and thousands of men in
civil life.
Our registered trade mark
BUCKHECHT-issumped
on every pair for your pro
tection. Buckingham & Hecht
Manufacturer Saa Fraackcs
You can get the Buckhecht
Army Shoe in your town. If
your dealer does not carry it,
write us direct.
Time it!
aj i
E-5 P- 'S
f rs rs fi fi ri
Spring Time g
. is coming fe
vou how well we
ika can make your last
Spring suit look.
There is a good reason
why you should Make
It Do."
For high-class clranstng and
repairing, telephone us
BISBEE DYE AND
CLEANING
WORKS.
16?
PHONE 296.
Si
Famous Medium Here
i '" izzi
PKUK JhRKhLL
CLAIRVOYANT ASTROLOGER
At Golden Hctel, Room 14
Reduced Prices Low Fee
SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK
To all who obtain a tan reading will b givca
ABSOLUTELY FREE
an ASTROLOGICAL HOROSCOPK prr:ar
ed for tne sign of the Zodiac in h ch tr.rv
were born, f ivinj thr ch tract crist.c. iaul;.
d iwa thry are incl inrd to. formate ari
unfortunate prrixl-., buitres a-d tuiarcc. u
veMments and speculation, 'r.heritance and
lawsuit, journey ard trave. friend, eiw
mim. love, courtship and tnarriatfr, an o
ipirational delineation and the pmbaMe year?
forecast. The regular phc of th;t iloroacopc
ha bem $5 00.
It will be given FREE to all who get a full
readitif during this week.
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
Closing Out Odds and
Ends in
Douglas Shoes
and other makes, values
up to $5.00, now
$2.50
CARO & COMPANY
20 Brewery Gulch
COLLINS .&
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
BISBEE TRANSFER.
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse ft Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
Y.W.CA. CAFETERIA
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Prices Reasonable
Breakfast 6:50 to 8:3C
Lunch 11:30 to 1:20
Dinner 5:00 to :30
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
CHICHESTER S PILLS
0
r wkl wit It!u Ki-o..
Tak. a atkrr. iriarr
rt"t. A-k l. lit -TrB
UIA1IOMI IIRI PILL. s
yer kiwwn M Uc-vl. !i.sl. A!.v krt4.tla
i 1
1
It- , , tl uas- y y ,
FS; Bt raecsnaMi jus '
a
J it
i - fs Bp-. Pe C- r
. rz .-4 l f r i - f- r-f
. f
SOUIBYDRLGGISISEVLRNR
1 FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, APRIL 11, 1918.
UBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
MULLEN A. CAIN.......
....Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Patriotism in America is in the ascend
ant. At no time since we have entered the
war has the American spirit flamed so high.
The German drive upon Amiens was all
that was needed to bring this country's
strength into full play. The third Liberty
lnan will bf siibsrribed with less time and
work than either of the previous issues. It
is the dark and heavy time of the war now
for our brave allies, England and France,
but the next six months will show them and
the sneering German just what this coun
try can really do when set to it and stirred
up to the uttermost.
In the senate one day this week Senator
Sherman of Illinois made a direct attack
upon Louis Post, assistant to the secretary
of labor in President Wilson's cabinet. The
Illinois senator alleged that Post conducts
a socialist organ and has socialist and radi
cal tendencies; that he is even Bolsheviki
in his trend. Like master, like man. Sec
retary of Labor Wilson himself is well
known to favor radical and socialist ten
dencies a3 far as he dares. His official acts
have tended to encourage rather than lay
class hatred. Criticism of the 'administra
tion's department of labor have been gen
eral throughout the country. Now ccmes
public condemnation upon the floor of the
national senate.
In a speech full of invective against the
disloyalty he claimed was prevalent to a
great Extent in some section of the Middle
West, former Senator Lafe Young of Iowa
urged before the Americanization confer
ence the other day that the federal govern
ment take immediate steps to protect school
children from the malignant effect of Ger
man propaganda. The singing of "Deutsch
land Uber Alles" and "Die Wacht Am
Rhine," he asserted, marks the closing of
the day's session even now in more than
one thousand Middle Western schools and
in this same connection at this time and in
this place, it might well be said that Bis
bee and Warren school children complain
to their parents because they are compell
ed to sing German songs in our schools
in this district!
A professional baseball player, now fight
ing with Pershing's army in France, has
written back home to a friend to give his
idea of the war and the part lie is being
called upon to play. He speaks the Ameri
can language of today known to millions of
fans the country over. To him the war is
a game of ball and he makes his point with
clearness and force from the beginning to
the end. In part, he says: "We are book
ed for a series of games with the Huns of
the Assassin League. I hear that they play
dirty baseball and den't live up to the regu
lations. They use square bats and the em
ery ball. And some of the stuff they pull
is pretty raw. They've got a guy named
Bill Satan and another bird called Hades
burg as managers. They are a bad lot and
the fans will be sorry they supported such
a crooked bunch. The big series comes off
at Berlin some time next fall and the sport
ing writers have o'. us doped to win in a
walk. These birds won't even have a ball
park left to play in. J don't see how they
ever got into organized baseball in the first
place. The Canadians I am to play with
are always there with a 3-bagger when,the
bases are full and two out. The Huns are
using up 'all their best pitchers and soon
they won't have anything left but their
gloves. Their batsmen are poling some
long hits at present, but they don't count
much on the score board. They are doom
ed for the same fate as the Federal League.
And you know what happened to them.
If sentiment and tradition, clinging
around Verdun, that rock aginst which
Vauban said, "Empires shall break," nerved
the French arms to a heroic resistence that
could not be conquered by mere force and
weight of metal and numbers, how much
more should sentiment and tradition pro
tect Amiens, now threatened by German
hosts. This ancient capital of Picardy is
the very birthplace of the French nation.
Clovis, first king of France, held court in
Picardy nt Soissons, near Amiens. Charle
magne the Great, held his court at Noyon,
aho a city of the beautiful and famous Pi
cardy plains. Tlie Amiens cathedral ranks
with the greatest edifices of the world.
Foch, the hope of the allies as a commander
of genius and power, has declarecl that
Amiens shall not be taken. Every impulse
and emotion that could inflame a French
man's heart demands that Amiens be kept
inviolate from the Hun. It is evident that
the allies have determined to defend their
present line, some twelve miles east of
Amiens, to the uttermost of their power.
If the Germans take this great and famous
city of old Picardy it will be because they
really have all the advantages in men and
equipment and fighting qualities over the
allies that they claim to have. And they
will pay for it the greatest price ever paid
for any city since the world was made.
A BROADSIDE IN
BLANKED VERSE
MILWAUKEE'S WORLD AND OURS
(Kansas City Times.) '
Milwaukee has cast us off, repudiated
us, withdrawn from our society, disowned
us, severed diplomatic relations with us
and seceded from the union of these states.
Milwaukee has re-elected its stop the war
mayor and will continue to live in a world
of its own, its motto being, "Beer and
Peace."
Milwaukee doesn't think- much of us.
We fight, which Milwaukee thinks is fool
ish. We fight for democracy, which Mil
waukee thinks is silly. What place ever
was made famous by democracy? We
would be just as happy if we were the Ger
man empire a member of. Milwaukee is
happy already, ain't it? It doesn't get ex
cited about the rights of peoples, the secur
ity of free institutions, the obligations of
international law. AH that is very childish,
to say nothing of being highly disturbing to
business.
It is disturbing to business, particularly
the business of that man, community or so
cial creed whose business is selfishness.
Men who conceive, that they owe nothing
to anybody but themselves will understand
Milwuakee perfectly.
Well, the country can get along without
Milwaukee. But it's tough on the Ameri
cans who live there.
WE ARE TOO EASY.
Frank Moulton in Central Press News
thus describes our too lenient treatment of
dangerous German spies and agents:
"Prisoner, what have you to say for
yourself?" ""
"Nothing." .
"What is the charge against you?"
"I am charged with being a German
spy-"
"Is the charge true ?"
"It is absolutely true, I am proud to say."
"We beg your pardon. Officer, remove
the handcuffs. We will send you to a nice
internmfent camp, where the weather is
fine, and you will be fed and will have
plenty of pleasant occupation. We will
make it as pleasant for you as. possible.
At first we thought you might be. some
American criminal who had failed to make
out his income tax report, and were about
to send you to solitary confinement at Sing
Sing for twenty-five years."
S( mr years ago a foreign germ in
vaded we.si.ern cattle; he came to stay
an age-long term and give the stock
men battle. He pried his way into
the herds with Teutonic zest and ease,
arwl U' ) w n hn'H finollv aottlorl Hntt'n tO
inase me sio. mnan irei ana irown. uc
startled all the world around he was
the foot and mouth disease. The
stockmen rose to meet the foe and.
armed themselves with vigor; they
started at the critter's toe went all
over his "figger." They called In
Uncle Sam to aid. they called down
the embargo, and now the germ In
death U laid the whole blamed Teu-
I ton cargo. The Teuton germ has run
amuck throughout this nation grand;
he started out to bleed and suck the
Htrt-n'-th from out the land. He pried
j his way beneath the hide of nation's
social strata, and there he plotted,
schemed and lied to make the kaiser
fatter. Our Uncle Sam came down
with vim, he started in to throttle him,
and the states lent aid with laws new
made to make the Prussian candle
dim. The Lone Star state at break
neck rate made propaganda lawless;
Montana fired another gun with an
anti-Hun law. flawless. The Baby
state w.H have its chance, when the
legislature's called. Let's Ehoot the
Hun right in the pants, let's make the
agitator dance, let's make the propa
gandists prance with the whole she
bang blackballed. Contributed to Review.
PRIORITY UST OF
FUEL USERS ISSUED
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, April 10. Revised
priority regulations designed to assure
mle and transpcrtation to Industries
necessary to the war and esbential
to the public welfare, ere tewed to
day by the war industries board.
A lengthy preferential list made pub
lic clnssifies dozens of transportation
an J fu"l users as essential. Others,
it was announced will be added from
finr.e to time. The preferred Industries
under p. plan now in preparation also
are to he given preference ia obtain
ine raw materials and other supplies.
The priority lists is as follows:
Fultawiug is the list of Industries
which will have preferential treat
n ent but tr.3 order la which they ap
Har d'.es not indicate particular pri
or ity. The intention U to treat all
i tre.se rlike, and possibly decide in-
dividualness on meriU if deed arises.
Plants engaged exclusively in uianu
!acture of aircraft or supplies and
tquipn'.ents; rmmunition for the Uni
ted States and the allies; army and
navy cantonments and camps; small
arms, chemicals, coke, domestice con
sumers, eli trr-i equipment, eltect
rcd"8, explosives, farm implements,
ier.-o alloys, fertilizers, fire brick, food
icr humpn consumption food contain
ers, gas, gas producing machinery,
3uns, hemp, jute and cotton bags, in
fer tlcides fungicides, lrcn and steel
(tlash furnaces and foundaries), laun
dries, machine tools, mines, mining
tcols and equipment, newspapers and
petiodirals, oil, refineries (mineral
and vegetable, oil well equipment,
public instruction and buildings, pub
lic utilities, railways, railway equip
ment, public instruction and buildings,
public utilities, railways, railway
equipment and supplies, refrigeration.
Feeds (except :!ower seed), bunker
coal (not Including pleasure craft),
ships, ship supplies and equipment.
soap, steel plants ana roning muu,
tannins plants, except for patent
leather, tanning extracts, tinplate,
twine (binder) and rope, wire, rope
and rope wire.
SAY GERMAN PLOTS
MUST BE WATCHED
After nearly three weeks of bitter fight
ing the Germans are still on the offensive
on the western front and there has been no
counter drive worthy the name. Some
perfectly good citizens who come up to
talk with the editor are discouraged and
disheartened. "The situation looks bad,"
they say. Yes, it does. No doubt of that.
But it looked worse the first year of the
war when Germany drove clear up to. the
walls of Paris and then, balked there,
gassed the English and came within a hair's
breadth of taking the channel ports. But
the next year the allies rallied and took the
offensive and have held it ever since un
til this spring, when the Russian collapse
gaVe the Germans heavy reserves with
which to take that offensive, lost to them
since the failure of the channel drive and
the attack upon Verdun the second year of
the war. 1 hey doubtless secured soldiers
from the Russian front with which to make
this big drive. But cheer up! Half of that
million have been expended already, and
the summer is young yet. They have no
more reserves. They must win or lose now.
They have not won yet. Everywhere
along the line they have been held for
weeks except for small local gains. The
allied armies will grow larger and the Ger
man armies will grow smaller all through
the rest of this year. Not until next Sum
mer will the allies reach their maximum
strength, and then, thanks to America and
her resources of men and materials, they
can hold that strength to its zenith until
the war is won. Right now it is simply a
case of sticking liht and holding on and
keeping our courage and our faith until
the tide turns again, just as it turned after
the terrible days at Verdun.
AMERICA'S GREAT DEBT TO FRAXCK WILL BK PAID IX FIJLt7
--- - rmrrixjrcxczQfir.
State and County News Briefs
County Briefs
S. W. White, the Douglas attorney,
yesterday teceived a telegram from his
mother, Mrs. Ilettie White, who is i!l
In Phoenix, to the effect that she has
improved and will be ablp to return
home within a few day3.
E. Leslie Kennedy, who has been
an employe of the C. Q. sniel.er at
Douglas for twelve years, will leave
soon to join his family In l.os Ange
les. The change will be made on ac
count of Mr. Kennedy's health. Miss
Thelma Kennedy left Sun-lay night to
go to her mother.
Word has been, received from Mrs.
Mary F. Byrne, former'y or Tomb-none
that she has gone from her homestead
at Kelton, to points in Alabama and
'lennesse for her health. Mrs. Hyrne
will also visit her brothers and 6is
teTs while absent, expecting to be
gone a number of months.
the other boy repealed the offi'tue im ed Cipper company asked for permis
sion to sell the electric and telephone
properties of the company to the Ray
Klectnc and Telephone company. The
Ray Consolidated made application
for an order relieving that corapany
from the obligations of a public utility.
a warning.
Oi course, this was a breach of '.'ie
school rules, for which the teacher ad
niir.iiter'd punishment. But it is now
claimed that the teacher did net pun
ish the boy who adniinistc-rcd the
nnnHtriotlc epithet. However, this is
not what Is causing the trouble. Torj ( ?
the mother of the boy who was pun-j More than 2i ou molor Tehic,w
sried. claims that her boy uas beea I cen,es have been ,8gued from the of.
laid up in bed ever since, and that ,ic1 , 8ecretary of state thus far this
tnere are black and blue marks all yeap Tney are gU1, coming in at tne
over his body, and refuses to sen ! rate ot mty a day and tne 25 00(l
the boy to school, even to. a written mari Ic. expected to be passed in a
request of the school board. The gnorl tlme according to officials ot
board, as a result, threatened to have 1 that office. The whole number of
tne patent arrested for retusing to ; motor vehicles licenses issued in Arl-
comply whh the school law. while
the mother threatens to have the
teacher artested for battery, and the
matter is said to rest there until one
of the parties swears out a complaint, j
The outcome of the squabble is .
awaited with considerable interest. ;
zona for 1917 was 19.482. The first
order to the license plate manufactur
ers was for 25.000 plates for Arizona.
Th;sc will soon be exhausted and
preparations have been made for a
second shipment of plates.
(By Review Leafed Wire)
WASHiNUTCN. April 10. Warn
ing of a new German policy of in-
trUue. for overshadowing Zimmer-
;i an's efforts to embroil Mexico and
Japan with the United States and de
signed to cause a demoralization In the
allied countries similar to that in
Russia, was given to the national con
terence of American Iectureis here to
day by Wm. English Walling, of New
York.
Declaring that the recent inter-allied
labor conference at London had
tor its real purpose the arranging o'
an international socialistic conference
to which German socialists would be
invited, Mr. Walling vigorously at
tacked the socialists of the allied na
tions. He asserted their purpose is to
bring about a peace of tneir own dic
tation and that unless their efforts are
lrustraied "the democratically elected
governments of France, England and
America might as well abdicate.'"
The conference today discussed so
cial and historical aspects of the war,
speakers including Trofessors Robert
McKlroy, of Princeton; and Joha
Bates Clark of Columbia; Dr. John A.
Ryan of Catholic University and Gus
tavus Myers, historian of this city.
After thorough investigation, the
committee of army officers appointed
by the military authorities, reports
that it is the officers' gpi iion that
W. P. Miller's death was due to in
juries received when struck by an
army truck, was accidental. It is the
opinion of the investigating o-'ticers.
the report says, that the sad death of
Mr. Miller on Saturday a week agj,
was accidental on the part cf the driv
er of the truck and the solaier on the
seat with him, and it Is recommended
by the officers that the two men ba
teieased.
Chief of Police East, la his report
for March, to the Douglas city council,
showed 111 arrests, $1,212 collected in
lines, $1,577 recovered in stolen prop
erty aud 11 policemen eiiiployai. Dr.
Causey, city health otficor, reported
that the number o' contagious diseases
bad increased during the month. Thoe
were 14 cases of dipthena, nuj of
mumps, four of chickenpox and two ct
scarlet lexer He said he ha 1 arranged
with the sunitajy officer at Camp
j Harry J. Jones to begin active work
along sanitary lines tms uionui.
FEDERAL OFFICERS
TAKE MANY ALIENS
IN EASTERN DRIVE
(By Review Le-ed Wlr
MILWAUKEE, Wis., April 10 Fed
eral o'fic als today in an openin:;
drive for the roundine ud of some 33)
e..e:uy ai.ens acDused of vio ating the
enemy alien act, in various ways,
1 c.atb?red I" about U'O who failed to
comply with the regulatfJiis.
Son.e were taken -or violating the
rreiults. some for failing to register,
tome lor pro-German activities and
Fcnve for partli ipation in election ac
tivities. The r-iid was a complete surprise to
m:st ol the m:n. A lew were freed
j:ft( r a it 'lfhilnary examination, w hile
others were l'x;keJ up until their ref
orms run be examined.
; j A petition asking for a suspended
Of - Tr-f rt c'' sentence In the case of Dr. Rosa Boido,
DilUI Otitic IMlVO whom they found guilty ot performing
; an illegal operation, was presented by
' the jury in the case to Judge Stau-
Articles of Incorporation Monday
were filed in the office ot the state
corporation commission by the follow
ing: international Wax company
to bi sentenced by the court at the
hour the petition was filed and the act
Nine of ;i
' k 1 . .1 Y. nnuiuullnva
..... .11 . , . 1 . ,...,,.. 1 .... . i . ; . IiaiLV.11 IUU ' I. .1. -J .
.u ..u u-mo. . " jurors were present in the court room
ternational Lead and Zinc company, J" .,., . ,, K
i aim niic ijucsiiuucu luoci, uj
- ' couit v ho condemned the act as "un-
Tuli Rdiich company.
! lawful." Judge Stanford reminded
Phoenix postal receipts for Feo.a- tne j,,r0rs that when the verdict of
ary exceeded those of tne same irouth guiHy wjtn the recommendation of
one jeur ago by over $ooO. The cien;ency was returned he had allow
postuiafter in that city reports thatjed ,nem to return to the Jury room to
the total receipts for the p-.uuth nf
Feh'uary as $19,634.19, aga'nvt - $16.
4j6.27 for last year.
deliberate once more. He said that
he might not be able to determine
wha was. meant by clemency and In
formed them that it they wished they
misrht insert "suspended sentence.
This was not done," said the court.
Residents of Gila P.end M.iiclay po-ji
titioued the board ot supervisors of i
Maricopa county for a railroad crovs-!
ing :.t the Arizona Eastern trv:. '.iwj ge(, wUh disposing of intoxi-
boaiu referred the matter tj IfjroW or bej proprietors of
llarman. county engineer. H i l if trie i ' .,,, ,i, r .,,1,1 iehr
reciMiauendalion is made
tne petition before the
comnii! Won.
v. ill placi
! FUEL MEN MEET
WASHINGTON. April 10. Niu-t-eu
shite luel ndinihi.strat'trs from stale
I en st ol the MixMsslpil met here today
1 and iliru.sse dwith Fuel Administrator
tlarlidl incarK to p.- ve.it a rep.'ti'.i ju
I ol l.st war-; u:.al famine, and re-
'Texas Diy" for Texas-Arhxr.iaii,
will be celebrated in -Douglas this
year, it wfas decided at a nieiiing ot
the Texas society hell Monday ol
tcrnoon. Sons of the !.ou3 Star st;;:e
who attended the niee'iiig yesterday
maue pians for a big cel-oratijii the
night ot April 13, a sort of a et
toneher a fair, and lor a g o.l li.';o
all day Apiil 2". Everybody as well
as Texan, is invited.
A Ilo'ncilzcd bi.nquct wiil mark t'.iei
ipeni.ig of t!:e Tex.is celebrant. n ai
8 o'clock Friday night. April L at
mo iia'Jaden hotel, ine aa nay pro
gram Saturday will be given at Sunuy
tide. oeueral Cabell has promised the so
ciety en hour cavalry regini vntsl dull,
which will be a big feature of the day.
Tioop contests, fjot races, roping con
tests, broncho busting and otaer typi
cal Texas stunts, will be w itiii'Soed.
Military bands will furnish nui.ic.
... , i .i : . . .. . I. i , v
ci r.io.atioD j wen; - arre8ted Monday in Phoenix.
' Hin, ni: the number being George N.
I McUean and J. A. Jones, members of
I'le'ging themselves to s'liip-Mt the tne ci(y commission. Armed with
fiMM administration in .1:. i Hon t ' search warrants, deputies of the sher
win fit war, sevcuiy-uw C'.thu,e , jffs 01(ice and representatives of the
count t grocers met in Douglas Satu:-1 i niP ilttective service who have been
day alia loi mod an orgai auop lo ! juvtsiigating the cases for the past
heip execute the orders cf tne Mod j nlonth, made the rounds of the drug
admiMstralion and lo exp.vu the or- i stors early Monday morning. The
dei s to their customers, i he. CochUe ' gu,- resulted in eight and a halt
County Food Cousoruum Retail cast,8 cf Jamaica ginger, registering
Dealers association was cnusen
name for the organization.
as a I from 90 to 98 per cent alcohol and
l two cases oi i eiuu. uiins iumi.n.01
I ed and those against whom warrants
Ancthir step in the mandamus ac-;wtrc rerved were George N. McUean
tioii instituted hj Lamar Cobb as citl-, and C H. Durkee. Capitol Pharmacy;
en i iiainsl Attorney General Wiley j J. A. Jones, A. L. Hoehmer. and Rob-
E. Join's to compel him to oust the
cmrir.irsiuu ot stale institutions, was
tak.-n .:onday whin tho attorney gen
eral tiled a motion to strike a motion
lo qa.ish. u plea in abatement, a de
murrir, and a motion to make mot
ilef'niif certain allegations in tlie
amended complain Hied by the piair-J ney ivn arrange the time.
tiff some two weeks ago. 1 he niotio.i
M sttike is brought in the ground GENERAL DISCHARGED
that the amended complaint seta up
ert R'irns. Adams Pharmacy; t. .
Dunn, Busy Drug Store; E. C. Mason.
Masons Pharmacy, and H. H. Huntir.
Hunter's Drug store. Bail in the sum
of H01 was furnished in each case
and rrratgnments will probaily -.
held tuis morning if the county auor-
new laii.e. for action.
Four applications. II closely relat
ed were heard Monday by the state
lorpoiation coniinissiou and submit
ted loi later decision. The Aiui'iia
erctili's Copper company had ii;;ul'.'
(Hy li Leas M Wirel
WASHINGTON. April 1I-Discharged
Ircm the f'deral reserve of
Brigadier Ge:ier;ilFred'nck E. Recbe
oi Minnesota, Gcrir.a:i-born officer
commanding a brigade ot the 34tli na
tional guard division at Camp Cody.
severe whipping said to have been i ,ainl t -upper company, alleging failure
llevo the existing shortage that is b" lalicj lilm a pro-German, and p:o
' threatening a slowius up of war warn. 1 ceeded to give him a thrashing, when
Act or lii to word received Ironi ;
(r.-'fsun, b considerable ntiir.hcr has:
been raised in school circles there dm-1
Ing the past two days, the result ol m,iil.(int against the Ray iVi- oli-iv i announced today in army
orders.
Kainiie to maintain his command on
an efficient footing l.s the i ause of the
honorable discharge. Certain remarks
attributed to him. however, have
drawn attentlcn to th question of hi
lotatty. His utterances are beinu
investigated.
id. i. mastered lo a Joiing Mexiciu bv
ono of the teachers.
According t: the . report, liuringj
school hours Thursday, a small M'-xi- i
can boy took offense when another
to under electrical energy service.
Tin Hi and Gila Valley r.-iilload com
pany made nil ai'pllcat ii n for pcrinis
sloli lit purchase Ir. in the llav Con
solidated the yards and other proper-tie-,
at Ray and to is. lie stock in pay
ment therefor. The Ray Cousolidnt- THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW,' THURSDAY MORNING, APRIL 11, 1918.
FIVE
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE.
NEW YORK, April 10. Apart from Provisions rose with hogs and be
the competitive strength of shippings cause of decreased packing in the
west.
and coppers, today's stock market de
veloped no deilnite trend until the
final hour, when moderate offerings
of rails, at declines of 1 to 2V4 points,
provoked a heavy close.
Dealings during the forenoon and
intermediate sessions were' almost a
duplicate of the apathetic conditions
which have characterized the past fort
night's operations. Increased interest
was evidenced in the news from
abroad and this was not a nature to
inspire bullish enthusiasm. The move
ment in shippings which was mainly
predicated on rumors of another divi
dend on Marine preferred in the near
future, sent that stock higher by 14
points.
Early buying of coppers., while re
latively light, bore the marks of sub-1 Gold Reed
stantial origin, accompanied by fur-; Gold Cliff
NEW YORK METAL
NEW YORK. April 10. Lead, firm;
spot, 7257i0. Spelter, quiet; Rpot,
East St. Louis delivery spot, offered
at 700.
Bar silver, 91c.
OATMAN
(By .Collins & Bretherton)
Bid Asked
Argo 5
Adams 2
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom R 3
Gold Ore 42
Boundary Cone 2
Gold Road Bon 4
BALL TEAMS PREPARE
FOR OPENING BATTLE
AT WARREN SUNDAY
25
S
44
6
5
15
Lucky Boy 2
Sunnyside 4
Tolluride 12
Tom Reed 1.97
United Eastern 4.37
United Northern 2
United Western 2
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS
ther favorable trade conditions, but in
thiat quarter, too, reactions set in
later.
United States Steel moved within
the narrowest area most of the time,
slight decrease in March tonnage evi
dently haveing no effect, but furnished I
at a slight loss.
Sales aggregated 193,000 shares.
Firmness marked the day' bond
market. AngLa-French 5's adding a , Gadsden
triile to yesterday's gain. Liberty is-i Green Monster
sues were moderately active, but main- Butte London
ly lower. Total sales (par value) Dundee
amounted to $3.275.R0. j Venture Hill
United States bonds (old issues) I Pilts-Jerome
were unchanged on call. ! Jerome Verde
Ark-Arizona
NEW YORK COTTON I Jerome Portland
NEW YORK. April 10. Cotton i Ins-Needles 1.
closed steady at a net decline of IS to Hull Copper
21 points.
1.99
4.62
3.00
1.00
.19
1.00
.50f
.69
.08
.06
35
i Magma Chief .25
Wolverine-Arizona 1.75
GRAIN IVeVrde Combination 50
CHICAGO. April 10. Prosper th.it i Miami Consolidated 05
first trades in the July delivery, which j Nacczari Consolidated ... .45
are scheduled to take place tomorrow, j Verde Apex u9
would perhaps be as hi?h a price as) Porphyry 70
$1.50, tended today to strengthen the j Calumet & Jerome 1.06
corn market. The outcome was a
steady close at cent net advance. CANADIAN FLIER DIES
with May $1.27. Oats gained to
1 cent, provisions. 13fgl7c to 35 cents.
Buyers of corn appeared to have'
their attention fixed on the change
toward making the commercial grades
take rank as contract grades and re
moving the maximum price curb en
tirely from new style transactions.
25
3.0C
" .22
1.:
.06
3.00
.75
.11
.25
.12
.40
.37
.75
.10
.10
.SO
1.12
FORT WORTH. Tex.. April 10. Ca
det Arthur Harold Weber of the Royal
Flying corps, was instantly killed
when he crashed to earth five miles
from Benbrook Flying Field, while
making a fo!o flight late today.
Weber's bndv will be sent to Ti's
Estimates of the opening price for the 1 heme in London, England.
July option ranged all the way from I r "
$1.40 to $1.50. The fact that receipts! ROOT AND HERB MEDICINES.
continued meager tended also to favor, Indian medicine men contend (bat
the bulls, but was substantially off- ( the roots and berbs of the field furnish
sent by government reports that I a panacea for every ill to wni.n im
planting was progressing northward as man flesh is heir. Be that as it mar.
a seasonable rate had recently reached j it is interesting to note that the most
tne lower unio valley, uesiaes, iur-1 successful remedy in the wnM for
ther improvement was noted in th-? female ills, Lydia E. Pinkhain's Vcget
quality of arrivals here. 'able Compound, was compounded
Oats bulged sharply after a period i mor- than forty years ago by Mrs.
of weakness that was ascribed to crop I Lydia E. Pinkham of Lynn, Mas.,
conditions. The ensuing strength re-: from the roots and herbs of the field,
suited from opinions that if corn com-j and today it is recognized from shore
Tnanded fl.BO for new July con'racts, to shore as the standard remedy for
tho value of oats, too, should ascend. femal ills.
Pure Chewing Gum
a Stick a dav
A
V
I
I
seeps
The opening game of the Warren
Baseball league season will be played
at Warren park Sunday afternoon
with the Junction-Briggs and C. & A.
teams contesting. The second clash
will be stated Wednesday between
the Copper Queen and C. & A. out
fits. With Johnson in the game Sunday
at third base for the Junction Lriggs
that club should loom up stronger as
Johnny Birkel will return to his old
station at second base while Harry
McArdle will pastime at third base
with Pitman holding down the initial
hassock.
Manager Gill Pitman has not de
cided on his pitcher for the opener
and probably will not reach a deci
sion until Sunday afternoon when the
hurlers warm up. Harris made an
enviable record here last season with
the Copper Queen club and many for
that reason favor him to start on the
tiring line, but Toner has had more
professional experience and there is
little to choose between them.
Tonneman, former (toast leaguer,
will do the backstop work with Jen
nings, Bijohn, Stewart and Barnhill
In the outfield.
The C. & A. club has a large num
ber of players on hand ready to pas
time, but the lineup has not been se
lected yet. Manager Ed Cowan is
now in Texas seeking players for sev
eral positions to bolster up the line
up and until word jb received rrom
Jim as to the date of arrival of play
ers he has signed no batting order
will be announced.
Sol Morganstern, business manager
of the league, has been named as
business manager of the C. & A. ball
club. He has made all arrangements
for a parade to inaugrate the open
ing game of the season Sunday and
is looking after oUier details pertain
ing to the comfort of the patrons who
attend the games.
League officials are working on a
plan to secure better car service than
a year ago.
Red Held, umpire, will be unable to
officiate here this season as he was
called east by business several days
ago. Kitty Brashear will do the
honors and will arrive In time for the
third game of the season, Sunday,
April 21.
The various managers are working
on the sale of season tickets and a
record crowd is anticipated Sunday
afternoon at the opener.
FOOD ADMINISTRATOR
REFUSES TO RECEIVE
ANONYMOUS LETTERS
Baseball Scores
COAST LEAGUE
Officials of the Cochise county food
adminibtration in Bisbee and Doughs
have been swamped of late with an-
cnyr.iuus letters, some containing com
plaints of the strictness of the food
i epilations, and a few containing sug
gestions or remedies for defects in the
administration. The letters are ad
dressed either Robert Rae, the county
food administrator, or to his assistant.
E. C Campbell. The former has of
fices in Douglas and the latter in Bisbee-
Both the administrator and his as
slstant call especial attention to the
fuel that unsigned letters may as well
never have been mailed. None o
them are given the slightest consider
ation. They are like the unsigned
letter received by the attorney, by the
government, by the newspaper, by ev
ery public official, assigned to the
waste basket without delay. Despite
the fact that they might contain valu-
alle information or assistance to the
officers, they are not accepted because
they are representative of no person
Officers of the food administration
call attention to the fact that iu noma
instances the letters which they have
received have been written with more
than ordinary pains by persons of no
mean ability. Some of them are
thoughtfully expressed ideas relative
to the t dminlstration. Some are sug
gestions for additional conservation.
Others are objections to the manner
or rtringency with which the regula
tion? pre enforced.
"In eny Instance," said Mr. Rae yes
terduy, "we are glad to receive let
ters We will willingly accept any
suggestions which may be made, and
shouid they prove worth while we
shall willingly try them out. How
ever, we do insist that all letters
which we receive and pay attention to,
shall bear the name of the author. We
will not publish the name, and will
not divulge the source of information
should the author so wish. But wc
cannot and will not recognize letteis
which come to us from unknown and
unsigned sources."
chorus girls with the other hand. To
those fortunate enough to have seats
near the baldheaded district, he was
a large pait of the ntortaii.u:e:it.
The second musician a Jlggs.
Jiggs played the "coo-coo." as he called
it The Instrument, in truth, was a
ten cent, tin fife, typical of the Irish,
and played in th'. typical Irish tc
cent, accompanied by a typical ?rish
jig. Jiggs' coo-coo an ddance and
music made up the secon 1 third of
the show.
The third-third. Well, take a dozen
good looking girls and put them
through a dozen good dances with a
dozen striking changes of costume, and
you have one-third of any show.
! Warren Mining District. Cochise Couu-! Cor. No. 2, the S. W. Cor., thence N.
NEW LOADING ORDERS
ON LOCAL RAILROADS
REDUCE IDLE FREIGHT
OAKS BEAT BEES
(Bv Rview Leased Wire?
At San Francisco R. H. E.
Salt Lake 1 9 2
Oakland 3 7 1
Leverenz and Konnick; Prough and
Mitze.
TIGERS TRIM ANGGELS
At Los Angeles ' K. H. E.
Vernon 4 10 0
Los Angeles 2 10 0
(14 Innings.)
Fromme, Chech and Moore; Pertica
and Boles.
SEALS SLAM SACTO
At Sacramento R- H. E.
San Francisco 6 10 o
Sacramento 0 4 2
Smith and Brooks; Brenton, Snook
and Easterly.
EXHIBITIONS
nsomma
away
(WW'jWim PIip I I I lull IIIMUIIIIIIIII
-1 1 4 'frVr-irii i at ,
He. who wastes
a crust of bread
prolongs the war
TIGERS BEST REDS
(By Review Leased Wire)
CAMP PIKE, Little Rock. Ark, April
10.
Score R. H. E.
Detroit Americans 5 11 1
Cincinnati Nationals 3 7 2
Kallio, Erickson and Stanage; J.
Cobb, Egan, Eller and Allen, Smith,
Wlngo.
GIANTS GRAB GAME
NEW ORLEANS. Iji., April 10.
Score R. H. E.
New York Nationals 4 10 1
Cleveland Americans 1 3 4
Sallee, Anderson and Rairden; Cove
leskie, Lambeth and O'Neill.
CUBS BEAT WACO
WACO, Tex.. April 10.
Score IL H. E.
Chicago Nationals 3 9 1
Waco, Texas League 2 10 3
Vaughn and O'Farrell; Sims and
Manchester.
With an idea to reducing the num
ber of cars in the merchandise serv
ice of the El Paso ft Southwestern
railroad, and at the same time in
creasing the tonnage of merchandise
hauled, a new schedule for the loading
of cars in Bisbee. Douglas and EI Paso
for all points along the lines has been
issued by F. B. King, superintendent.
and has been forwarded to all points
and customers along the lines. The
loading orders of the new schedule
becomes effecive immediately.
Shippers and receivers of freight
are notified in the same order that
if it is found that further consolida
tion and reduction of cars can be
made, recommendations will be re
ceived at the offices of the company.
The new loading reocommendations
will be received at the offices of the
company. The new loading and ship
ping schedule follows:
El Paso
For Columbus Tuesday, Thursday
and Saturday.
For Deming and Camp Cody Mon
day and Thursday.
For Tyrone Monday and Thurs
day. For Hachita (and JLocal west)'
Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
For Clifton Monday, Wednesday
and Friday.
For Lordsbuxg Monday, Wednes
day and Friday.
For Guthrie Wednesday and v Fri
day.
For Douglas Daily except Sunday.
For Bisbee Daily except Sunday.
For Naco and West Tuesday,
Thursday and Saturday.
For Tucson Tuesday, Thursday and
Saturday.
Douglas
For Bisbee Monday, Wednesday
pnd Friday.
For Local East Daily except Sun
day. For Courtland Branch Daily ex
cept Sunday.
Bisbee
For Naco Tuesday and Thursday.
For Lewis Springs and Fort Iluachuca
Tuesday and Thursday.
For Tombstone. Fairbanks and Ben
son Monday and Thursday.
TENNIS ENTHUSIASTS
TO FORM ASSOCIATION
AT Y. W. C. A. SATURDAY
Tennis enthusiasts are invited to at
tend a meeting to be held at the Y.
W. C. A. Saturday evening at 7 o'clock
when a tennis association will be
formed and officers elected. More
than usual interest is being shown in
tennis this year and with the large
number playing the game it was de
cided that tournaments could best be
handled by organizing an association.
In the tourney games under the di
rection of Miss Bernice McCurdy,
girls' secretary of the Y. W. C. A.,
Robert Thomas defeated John McKean
5-3 in one game by agreement. Thomas
will now play Chas. T. Porter in the
semi-finals of the boys' singles. C.
ty, Arizona, in Section 13. unaujri.ved,
T. 23-S. R. 24-E. G. & S. R. B. & M,
described as follows, to-wit:
11' 02' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3. the
X. Cor., thence S. 77" 57' E. 14
feci to Cor, No. 4. the N. E. Cor,
SUCCESS: Beginning at Corner thence S. 11 02 W. 600 feet to Cor.
No. 1. the N. E. corner, whence I he
W4 corner of Section 18, T. 23-S. R.
25-E. Q. & S. R. 3. & M. bears N. 89
11' E. 2948.8 feet; thence S 4 34' W.
326.40 feet to corner No. 2; thence N,
87 21' W. 1500 feet to corner No. 3;
thence N. 4 34' E. 425 30 feet to -corner
No. 4; thence S. 83 34' E. 1300
feet to corner No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing a net area ct 7 Jjl
acres, expressly excluding area n con
flict with Survey No. 3117, Bruce Lodo
Vo. 1, the place of the beginning, con
taining a net area of 11.479 acres ex
pressly excluding area in conflict with
Survey No. 3158, Rolla lode of 7.511
acres, and with Survey No. 3374, Rock
land lode of 1.613 acrea."
BISBEE "Beginning at Cor. No. 1,
the S. E. Cor., whence the W 4 Cor.
of Sec 18, T. 23 S., R. 25 E.. G. ft S.
R B. ft M. brs. S. 64 20' E. 943.4 ft
thence N. 77 57' W. 1498 feet to Cor.
No 2, the S. W. Cor., thence N. 11
- ' iU U. . VUI ., IUCULO .1 . XI
of 3.S02 acres, and with Survey No. 02' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3, the N. W.
3117, Baltic Ixde, of 1783 acres
The location notice of this claim is
recorded in the ofrice of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
SUCCESS Book 49, Records
of Mines, Page 138.
The names of the adjoining claims
to this survey are: Cm the North Sur
vey No. 2176, Corona lode and Survey
No. 3138. Corona lode; on the East
Survey No. 3158, Rolla lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Baltic lode; on the South
Survey No. 3117 Baltic lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Bruce lode; on the West
Survey No. 2029 Horse Shoe lode.
J. L. IRV1N, Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3384.
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix, Arizona,
February 28, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Samuel
Sutclifte, C. W. Rambo and Carl Smith
whose postoffico addresses are Bisbee,
Arizona, have made application for a
ingfAnf fni 1h Winnhirn lnrlA minincr
Core won from Chas. Edmundson by Llaim .tn.it ed in Warren Minlntr Di-
ueiauu. uiuer tourutry games are j trict. Cochise County, State of ArizO-
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Legal Notices.
NOTICE
TO PAVING CONTRACTORS
Pursuant to the request and direc
tion of the Common Council of the
City ot Bisbee, Cochise County. Ari
io nu, that advertisement be made for
bids for the paving and improvement
of thai portion of Naco Road, as shown
by the plan and specifications, prepar
ed by J. S. McNeish, City Engineer,
and on file in the office of the City
Clerk of the City of Bisbee, Arizona,
I hereby request bids for such im
provement.
na, ) Sec. ion 7. (unapproved) Town
ship 23, south, range 24 east, G. ft S.
R. B. ft M., which claim is described
as follows, to-wit:
Beginning at corner No. 1, the S. E.
corner, whence the U. S. id. 3A. No. 1.
Warren Mining District bears S. 77 j acre
Cor., thence S. 77 57' E. 1498 feet to
Cor. No. 4. the N. E. Cor., thence S. 11
02' W. 600 feet to Cor. No. 1. the
place ot the beginning, containing a
ni-l area of 20.630 acres.
UED ROCK "Beginning at Cor. No.
i the S. E. Cor., thence N. 79 53' W.
1460.90 feet to Cor. No. 2, the S. W.
Ctr.. thence N. 24 32' W. 406.70 feet
tc Cor. No. 3, the N. W. Cor., thence S.
7 67' E. 1496.70 feet to Cor. Na 4.
the N. E. Cor., thence S. 24 32' E.
345 SO feet to Cor. No. 1, the place of
tho beginning, a net area of 7.504
acies, expressly excluding area In con
flict with Survey No. 3137 Jack, Pot
No. 3.
CAF.BONATE "Beginning at tor.
No. 1, the S E. Cor., whence the W 4
Cor. of Sec. 18, T. 23 S., R. 25 E., G. ft
S. R. B. ft M. brs. S. 59 54' E. 717.3
feet, thence S. - 24' W. 1485.50 feet
to tor. No. 2. the S. E. Cor. thence N.
77' 57' W. 532.30 feet to Cor. No. 3.
the S. W. Cor., thence N. 0 52' E. 600
fct to Cor. No. 4, thence S. 73 09' E.
27 JG feet to Cor. No. 5, thence N. 13
47' E. 597.80 feet to Cor. No. 6, thence
N. 73 09' W. 40 feet to Cor. No. 7,
thence N. 24 32' W. 345.30 feet to
Cor. No. 8. the N. W. Cor., thence S.
77' 57' E. 6u0 feet to Cor. No. 1, the
place of the beginning, net area of
9.691 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Sulphide lode of this
survey of 1.532 acres and with Survey
No 3390 Nancy Hanks lode ot 5.744
degrees 37 minutes east, 8754.1 feet,
thence S. 61 degrees 26 minutes W.
600.00 feet to corner No. 2, the S. W.
corner, thence N. 5 degrees 24 minutes
east, 1500.00 feet to corner in. the
N. W. comer, thence N. 61 degrees 26
minutes E. 600.00 feet to corner No. 4,
the N. E, corner, thence S. 5 degrees
24 minuses 1500.00 feet to corner No.
1, the place of the beginning, contain
ing net area of 17.136 acres.
The location notice ot this claim is
recorded in the County Recorder's of
fice, Cochise County, State of Arizona,
Said bids shall be sealed, and will las follows: Book 42, Record of Mines,
be received at the office of the City
Clerk, up to 7:00 o'clock, P. M.t on the
18th day of April, 1918.
Each bid shall be accompanied by
check payable to the order of the
Mayor of the City ot Bisbee, for an
amount of not less than ten (10) per
ce ltum ot the aggregate proposal.
Ttc successful bidder to be required
to enter into a contract, to be approv
ed by the Mayor and the Common
Council, to make said improvement,
according to said plans and specifica
tions, at the prices specified in his
said b!a, also a bond for proper main
tenance and holding the City of Bis
bee harmless against any loss or dam
ag3, either by virtue of said Improve
ment, notwithstanding proper travel
and usage or accident or loss from in
Jury to any person employed in the
construction thereof.
The Mayor and the Common Coun
cil reserves the right to reject any or
all bids.
C. A. BAILEY,
Superintendent ot Streets.
Adv. 584.
at page 435
The names of the adjoining claims
are: North, Blue Bird, unsurveyed,
owned by the Copper Queen Con. Mg.
Company; East, Bisbee Queen, unsur
veyed. owned by C. W. Rambo; South,
White Bird, unsurveyed, owned by H.
W. Clarkson and N. L. Hayden; West,
Silver Lead, unsurveyed, owned by C.
W. Rambo.
J. L. IRVIN, Register.
First publication Feb. 23, 1918.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. 8. PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3387
Serial No. 038239
United States Land Office, Phoenix,
Arizona, March 1. 1918.
Notice is hereby given: That R. A.
Bretherton and C. M. Henkel, whose
postoffice addresses is Bisbee, Cochise
County, Arizona, have made applica
tion for patent for the following named
lode mining claim, situated in the
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
TkfcE BISBEE-WARREN COPPER
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3389.
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix, Ariz.,
March 4, 1918.
I'otice is hereby given that the -Cis-bee-Warren
Copper Company, a cor
poration organized and existing under
tho laws of the State of Arizona, with
its principal office at the city of Bis
bee, by its president end secretary.
thereunto duly authorized by resola-
tion of its board of directors, has made ! er. Golden Gate. Juniper and Wedge
SULPHIDE beginning at Cor. No.
1, the S. E. Cor., whence the W. Vi
Cor. of Sec. 18, T. 2? b., R. 25 E G. ft
S. H B. ft M. brs-. N. 87 04' W. 594.7
feel, thence N. H' 32' W. 1463.50 feet
tc Lor. No. 2, the S. W. Cor, thence N.
2' 24' E. 300 feet to Cor. No. 3, thence
N 11 02' E. J00 feet to Cor. No. 4.
the N. W. Cor., thence S. 77 57 E.
5a; feet to Cor. No. 5. thence S. 86 34'
E 838 feet to Cor. No. 6, the N. E.
Cor. thence S. 2- 24' W. 559.90 feet
to Cor. No. 1, the place of the begin
ning, containing a net area ot 18.456
acies.
COPPER WEDGE Beginning at
Cor No.,1, whence the W. Vi Cor. ot
Sec. IS, T. 23 S.. K. 25 E.. G. ft S. R. B,
ft M., brs. N. 81 55' W. 157.9 feet,
thence S. 66 17' W. 882.30 feet to
Cci No. 2. the S. W. Cor., thence N.
2 24' E. 464.30 teet to Cor. No. 3. the
N. W. Cor., thence N. 84 46' E.
12IO.S0 feet to Cor. No. 4, the N. E.
Coi.. thence S. 2 24' W. to Cor. No. 5,
th' S. E. Cor., thence K. 88 55' W.
437.70 feet to Cor. No. 1, the place of
the beginning, containing a net area of
4.894 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Sulphide lode, this sur
vey of 3.257 acres."
The location notices of these claims
are recorde'd in the County Recorder's
oftice, Cochise County as follows:
Warren Book 53. Page 423.
Bisbee Book 53, Page 426.
Red Rock Book 53. Page 425.
Sulphide Book 53, Page 425.
Copper Wedge Book 53, Page 421.
Ctrbonate Book 53. Page 422.
The names ot the adjoining claims
are: North Survey, No. 2413 Mayflow-
cpplication for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situated in
the Warren Mining District of Cochise
County, State of Arizona, approximate
ly in Section 13, Township 23 S., Range
24 E.. (unapproved) and Section 18,
TownsMp 23 S., Range 25 E., described
as follows:
WARREN "Beginning at Cor. No.
1. the S: E. Cor , whence the W. M
Cot. of Sec. 18, T 23 S., R 25 E., G. ft
S. R. B. ft M., brs. S. 72 42' E. 2425.1
lodes. East Survey No. 2425, Delta
lotle. South Survey No. 3390, Golcon
da. Sunshine and Nancy Hanks lodes.
Survey No. 3137. Jack Pot No. 1, and
Jack Pot No. 3 lodes. Survey No. 3138.
Roila lode, Survey No. 3374, Rockland
loae. West, Survey No. 3374, Rock
land lode, Anna lode unsurveyed.
owned by R. A. Bretherton and C. M.
HonkeL
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication March 8, 1913.
ft-lhence N. 77 57' W. 1496.0 feet to Last Publication May 17, 191S.
BLUES BEAT SOX
PARSONS, Kas.. April 10.
Score R. H E.
Kansas City 3 6 1
Chicago Americans 1 3 3
Caperal. Wheatley and Lulnoge:
Fabcr, Williams and Schalk.
TWO MUSICIANS ARE
TWO-THIRDS OF PLAY
This Is not the story of Bringing
L'p Fath"r Abrofld. Abroad, in the
parlance or the Barbary coast, is a
PLAY TIE GAME. I , "' , 7. " ""'a' ' V
fRv Review loused Wire) I '" 'P ruiurr Aoroau.
GREENSVILLE. S. C. April 10. consequently, should the v,i), ect be
Score R. H. E. I handled 'n full, several father's of
Washington Americans 5 11 3 Jiffs' inclination would havj their
Philadelphia Nationals 5 10 21 hands and arms full. That's why this
(Called end 9th to catch train.) I 's n('t ho story of Bringing Cp Father
Johnson. Harner. Dumont and Ain-' Abroad, and is the limited story of
Gas Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
i
smith. Gbarrity; Tincup, I'rcnrlergast
and Burns.
two n:iisicians.
Two musiflana were two-thirds of
thp Itrinint fTn Purhnr hrnHueHnn it I I
Ifiwi RF4T5 r.nPNFi I I Hie Orpheinii last night. The other
tkt-A 'itv , .. . : i ... i i t h irrf unu thf i -owt uiiiin . itf thji .linr. I i
nj it . it.. niiril I'l. iu n i 11 ..i ..... . -
defeated Cornell 17 to 2 in a baseball l nscs and their dancing. The dialogue i
game here today.
A'S BEAT PIRATES.
SPARTANBURG. S. C. April 10
Philadelphia Americans 4 9 1
j Pittsburg Nationals 2 7 5
Adams, Myers and Perkins; Jacobs,
Carlxon and Illackwell.
PATCH NOW CAPTAIN
lHv 1,'eview liiset Wlr
TACOMA. Wash.. April 10 Military
promotions made at Camp Lewis today
Included:
Promoted to Captain, Harold K.
Patch, I'Uocuix, Arizona.
was verbose, dragged at timci, and .!-
traded from the whole.
Tho tirst miisi i:in vas ihe oirecfar. ;
who sat in front of the stage and
'handled the orchestra. II'.' didn't nped i
,a button or whatever the dlrei tor's j
: stick in rilled. Me Just -is'-d his'
lli'eers and his big. sp'icions left or :
j ruin hand. He wa- h typical niiihi-1
(iiin. lie li.nl the nini!.1 trii!per:i-1
I ineiil. )e hiid the build of thn Mil
waukee or St. Loins iiiusiciaa. and lie
in.d the gilt of drawing 'he stri.igs
out of a piaiiu with oii'j h.ind and
dragging melody out of a hall'-dozen
other iustruiucuis and two dozen
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and a&k for
demonstration, or make re
quest fcr representative to call
upon you.
'Inn
.Sir 1 ;
Si ; ii
V. i
II ! I
jj I
Bisbee Improvement Co. ' SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, APRIL 11, 1918.
Wi
..11 M
FS1
.he
by
it
C
7
Our boys, the boys from this town and this county
'and this state, are fighting the Huns. They are in
the trenches in France, they are sailing the U-boat-infested
seas, they are going "over the top" in the
face of German cannpn and machine gun fire.
Many, many more of our boys are now training and
will soon be in France, and more are yet to be called.
r And, remember, these are our boys; those who are
near and dear to us. They are doing their ALL.
They are giving their ALL. They are prepared to
make the extreme sacrifice that our homes, our town,
our nation, may escape the ravages of the Hun.
We want them one and all -to come back
to us
Will You
H
vv:v ' " ":- -' '
Them
eip to Bring
ack?
t. .1 .. -j-tf..
Will you help to provide them with the things
they need, with clothes and food and munitions, that
they may complete as quickly as possible the terrible
task assigned to them?
; Will you support our boys while they are fighting
for us, fighting the German autocracy that seeks to
destroy our, ideals of liberty and justice?
Compared to their heroic sacrifice our part is but
small that of providing the funds, to keep them
equipped; to build and man the ships thatcwDl trans
port their food, their clothes, their guns an8 ftneir v
ammunition, and to pay for these things.
Yes, we, the people of this community, will sup
port our boys. .
We will do it by buying bonds of the Third Liberty Loan; by buying all
these bonds we can; by making such sacrifices as are necessary
to do this. That will be our support for Our Boys.
This Snace Paid For and Contributed By
Bank of Bisbee Citizens Bank and Trust Co.
Miners and Merchants Bank 'if. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, APRIL 11, 1918.
SEVEN
V
i
Male Help Wanted
WXTED Middle age single man for FOR SALE Why Pay Rent! A new
general farm work. Steady work at three room house, price 1800, $100
good wages. P. O. Box 12S3 or down, 25 per month. 51D O. K.
phcne No. 2. 710 Trail. 690
WANTED Boy for stock clerk. Ad- FOR SALE Small transient house, 21
dreus Box 547. 4S7 O. K. Street, next to Bisbee Improve
r ment Co. 452
WANTED Truck gardener to work -
on shares. Everything furnished. FOR SALE Six room house with
Apply P. L. Savage, Gen. Del., Bis- bath, screen porch, large yard.
Dee. 624 Quarry Canyon. 8500 to $600 will
'. - handle, balance like rent Will
WANTED Combination plumber and . sacrifice for quick sale. Apply Mc
pipe fitter for Mexico. Good wages. DougalL Tombstone Canyon, op
Inquire Mrs. Raly's Boarding posite Lincoln school. Phone
house. . 691 Green 728. 667
W VN1 ED Pressman. Apply M. Le- FOR SALE House In Warren, six
-. ;. Tailoring, Lowell. 632 rooms, all conveniences, large lot,
70x100, one block from car line and
V A". "TED First class coatmaker at post offlce. Bargain. Box 695,
. ..j j. $10.00 and up. Tony Lockner, barren. Arix. 684
Lowell. 617
r T FOR SALE Two room house furn-
LEARN actual auto repairing, book- ,sned barn for or trade
keeping, shorthand, radio engineer- fcr Ford w j Hartj iTpper QUar.
ing. Young Men's Christian Asso- ry canyon 635
elation, Los Angeles. Catalog free. '
230 for SALE Used car. model 80. Ov-
erland A-l condition mechanically,
female Help Wanted good tires, extra casings, driven
7500 mjies. Call at Review office.
WANTED A woman to do mixed 693
work in a boarding house. Mrs.
Raby.
688
WAXTED Girl for general
work. Phone Blue 617.
house
669
WAXTED Maid for general
work. Phone 17.
house
610
WAXTED A chambermaid, prefer
ycung woman. Copper Queen Hotel.
665
For Sale
c
FOR SALE Old papers 25 cents per
bundle. Review office.
FOR SALE OR TRADE Two lots in
El Paso, what have you Roy Benz,
Bisbee. 409
FOR SALE 4 room house and 5 room
house all improvements. Warren
Apply McDougall, contractor, oppo
site Lincoln School, Tombstone Can
you. Phone Green 728. 15
FOR SALE Three room house, furn
ished. Call at 45C O. K. street,
ba( 1: of Union House. 622
FOR SALE Old papers are just the
thing for putting under carpets after
thdt spring fcousecleaning. They
make good cheap wrapping paper or
are excellent for starting fires, p-cW
ing homemade fireless coo':e:s or
covering rough walls before paper
ing them. 25c per bundle at the Re
vie t office. Cheaper in quantities.
541
FOR SALE. 5 rooms and bath, large
lot, ftnees, $500 cash, bal. monthly
payments, Bakerville.
5 room new house and furniture, $700
cash, bal. easy payments. Adams
addition.
13 room house and furniture, price
$17')0, $1000 cash, bal. monthly pay
ments. Johnson Addition. Apply
to M C. High. 046
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 8 1 2x11, at $1.00 per 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
papec, 8 1-2x11, at $1.00 per 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
FOR SALE Furniture of 4 rooms 1(5
Bakerville. Phone 2S3. 1S8
FOR SALE Pure bred white and
brown leghorn chicks, $12.50 per
19-. Send $2 per
will fbip C. O. D.
cbeiy, Ucutc Xo. 3
100 with order.
Forester's Hat-
I
Phoenix, Ariz.
-1
FOR SALE Ranrh 3 miles north of
Tombstone, "") acres patented land:
6ti acres cultivated; milk dairy, milk !
cows, milk dairy stock cattle, work i
horses, farm implements, 1000-foot
wen arming macnine in gooa conai- j
tion. Address Jas. A. Lau-h, Tomb-1
stone, Arizona 33'.s J
rim r-.rtL.t, lniee room nouse, jones
Hill, Lower road. 697
FOK SALE A Studebaker five pas
senger car in fairly good condition,
wan all new tires and reasonable in
price To be seen with Mr. Olson,
Slage Dump Garage. $25 to anyone
loi finding buyer for same. - t'.-S
FOR SALE Uncalled for suit.
Levin Tailoring Co., Lowell.
M.
904
RULED INDEX CARDS 5x3 inches,
for sale at Review Jos Department.
315
PETEY niNKWrv CarW
- 2.tjx , V J ' 'Hm W ( Took a Piece. ) Wrf, JV I $ cet m,m doTmat
I j (.:..; . I gggSSgg? cA . J
. . . "' ' " -- ' I"" ' 6-. -".-t-M- Kf. ' "
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than & p. m. for insertion In next morning s paper.
For Sale
FOR SALE Modern home, 4 rooms
and bath, Warren, terms. C. H. M.,
Review. 267
IF YOU WANT A HOME I will sell
you the lot and build you a house.
Terms to suit purchaser. Wm. Mo
Dougal, contractor and builder
Tombstone Canyon opp; Lincoln
SchcoL Phone Green 728. 479
FOR SALE 10 room boarding and
' rooming house complete outfit; a
bargain if taken at once. Cowan
Ridge, 21, Lowell. 608
FOR SALE 1917 Ford Chassis, ab
solutely A-l condition. Price $325.,
only $100 cash, balance-monthly pay
ments. Hood & Bledsoe, Johnson
Addition. 603
FOR SALE Five
touring car, 1916.
passenger
Johnson
Ford
Addi-
tion, upstairs Johnson's store. R.
B. Hansen. 621
FOK SALE One five room house,
partly furnished, modern, centrally
located up Tombstone Canyon. Party
leaving, wishes to sell at once A
bargain. Apply C. H. Hogan, below
Copper Queen hotel. 631
FOR SALE 1917
car in excellent
Review. R. D. Y.
Maxwell touring
condition. Care
628
FOR SALE A 2-ln centrifugal pump,
complete, in running order, with or
without engine. Write Box 2420.
663
Miscellaneous
OLD CLOTHES BOUGHT. Phone 739.
SEE MISTRESS DUFF McBRIDE at
New Art Store for fancy dress mak
ing, all work guaranteed. Phone 545
779
RULED INDEX CARDS 5x3 inche?.
for sale at Review Job Department,
315
For Rent
FOR REXT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping, number 3,
tune St., opposite Convent St. 563
, . 7 :
FOR REXT Furnished housekeeping
roran; good place for bachelors. 56
Upper Lowell. 577
FOR REXT Two nice clean house
keeping rooms over Los Angeles
grocery Los Angeles Grocery. No
Children. 551
!For REXT 3 completely furnished
housekeeping rooms, close in. I hone
Black 798. 416
FOR
RENT Two room furnished
house, all improvements in Metz
car stop. Apply McDougall, Tomb
stone Canyon, opposite school. Ap
ply McDougall, Phone Green 728.
6C8
r.,-v-. 1 1 i
run ir.. 110 us"i JiouseneepniR
rooms. Mrs. Grace Williams. Claw-
sen run. osi
FOR REXT 5 room furnished house
in Warren. Phone Black 316. 53
FOR RENT Three room house with i
scieen porch, furnished.
Wohiechegel, Opera Drive.
John
FOR REXT Garage In Warren,
qui'e M. Moore, Phone 437.
In-
625
of Petey
For Rent
FOR RENT Two story building, with
luri: basement, suitable for whole
sale bouse or storage and warehouse
business. In center of Bisbee busi
ness district. Rent reasonable. Ap
ply Bisbee Daily Review. 542
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, S 1-2x11, at $1.00 tor 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
FOR RENT Four room furnished
house. Win wood Addition. Hogan
& Seed. 613
unfurnished for couple or batching.
$10.00 a month, water free. Phono
561 or call Mrs. Henry Waters,
Tombstone Canyon, above Lincoln
school. 623
FOR RENT Five room unfurnished
house and pantry, and wash house.
20 dollars a month. Apply James
Gilbert. 50 Laundry Hill. 600
I FOK SALE Five room house. Lock-
ling avenue, gray house above, Mrs.
Phil brook. Tombstone Canyon. 599
Furnished Rooms
FOR REXT Good furnished room.
Wilson 17. Quality Hill. 658
FOR REXT Nicely furnished rooms,
ten and twelve dollars per month,
205 Opera Orive. 553
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
with water for man and wife, $21.00.
J. E. Cain, Metz atop. 261
RULED INDEX CaRDS 5x3 inches,
for sale at Review Job Department
315
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2.00 per week and up. - 377
FOR KENT One furnished room,
private entrance. No. 1 Higgins
Hill. Phone Black 702. , 620
FOR KENT Quiet room, 04 Young-
bloud Hill. Mrs. Lanoy. ' 619
FOR REXT Nice furnished front
room, private entrance. 153 Timby
Ave. First house north Bllgay
house. 657
Money to Loan
$50,000 TO LOAN an improved city
property or for building, on easy
terms of payment. T. A. Hughes,
over Bank of Bisbee. 2S
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 166
Wanted
WAXTED Dressmaking in homes.
Alterations and .- remodeling my
specialty. Card to Box 1809. Give
phone. 692
WANTED To buy good gas
Box 633 Bisbee.
range.
659
WAXTED A second hand power
pump for well. Apply P. O. Box
389. 694
WAXTED Double headed hardwood
barrels in good condition. We will
pay $1.50 each delivered at our mar
kets in Bisbee or Lowell or at our
slaughter house. E. A. Tovrea & Co.
Get Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets
That is the iovful cry of thousands
siiice Dr. Edwank produced Oliva Tablets,
the substitute for calomeL
Dr. Edwards, B practicing physician for
17 years and calomel's old-time enemy,
discovered the formula for Olive Tablets
while treating patients for chronic con
stipation and torpid livers.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets do not
contain calomel, but a healing, soothing
vegetable laxative.
No criping is the "keynote" of these
tittle Eurar-coated. olive-colored tablets.1
----- - - K 1, ,J I,
av The, .."w fa to to '
:
unnatural action.
U Joa have a "dark brown mouth" now
then a bad breath a dull tared
teeiing sick neaaacne torpia nvsr cna
are constipated, yodll find quick, cure and
onlv cleasant results from one or two lit-
til Dr. Edwards' 0!iv3 Tablets at betltims.
Thousands tako ores or txo every ni",t
j'-rt to I;ecp ri.t. Try thcrv 1-2 zl
23c rtr ben. ll dr.-jis.
, QUICK RELIEF
FROM CONSTIPATION
Wanted
WAXTED Your business to look
alter should you be going away for
the summer. Whatever it is come
in and talk it over. See Hogan, be
low Copper Queen hotel. 630
WAXTED Eight men to board and
room, good home cooking and clean
beds. Close to Briggs, Denn and
Junction Mines. Box 296, Bisbee.
618
WANTED One furnished room in
private family, within walking dist-uni-e
of the Copper Queen Hotel to
meals Answer B. Review.
WAXTED If you have a house for
sale, or one for rent, list with C. H.
Hogan below Copper Queen hotel.
629
WAXTED Bright intelligent boys be
tween the ages of 12 and 16 to make
applications for Review routes.
256
Articles Are
Sent by Mail
. r t r, '. . .
Accciding to W. T. Haley, special
agent tor the war board for this dis-
trtct, there constantly are going Into
i Mexico by parcel post various articles
in vioiaiion 01 mw ami me presiueni o
procieuiauon. 11 is alleged mat soip-
meuls are being made to firms that
have been placed on the American
blacU.'st. Under the law all such
shipments are criminal and those
guilt ot making them are liable to:
' Any person who shall export, ship,
or take out, or deliver, or attempt to
deliver for export, shipment, or taking
out, any article in violation of this .
title, or of any regulation or order
made hereunder, shall be fined not '
nore than $10,000, or if naturalized 1
person, imprisoned for not more than
two years, or both; and any article
so Uelhered or exported, shipped, or
ed to the United States; and any of-
ficer. director, or agent of a corpora -
tion who participates in any such viol-
ation shall be liable to like fine or im-
piisonment, or Dotn. . .
The war trade board has been
n -
formed that in some instances post
masters, through ignorance, have in
ZJerl rHrfo!
. .. . . ....
lu , '
K F .I . El in.rr
Idea there - hu . beet , . great increase
m shipments abioad the method
meni oned. All suchshipments
prohiO ted. and the postoffice depart-
ont has been not fled to refuse
tii;e none of them will get by.
j GOLCOXDA "Beginning at Cor. No. thence X. 66 17' E. 6SS.20 feet to Cor.
nipiin BTtn naillrl'1' tne N- w- Cor- whence the W. J'a 1, the place of the beginning, con
MmUIIM A I II MftlrJX -Cor- of Sec- 18 T- 23 s- R- 24 E - - 41 ' taining a net area of 20.bti0 acres.
llllLUIiln I III rJllllO s- R- B- & M., brs. X. 81 55' W. 157.9 i NANCY HANKS "Beginning at
. ifeet. thence S. 88" 55' E. 1494.20 feet i Cor No. 1. the X. E. Cor., whence the
Quickly Easad By Penetrating
Hamlin's Wizard Oil
A safe and harmless preparation
Sciatica, Lame Back and Lumbago is!- tna Place r th" tanlng. contain
Hamlin's Wizard OiL It penetratei1"'0' ",'
quickly, drives out soreness, and lim-L .hOL.D K tR-"Begin n.ng at Cor.
bers up stiff aching joints and muscles, i L ne N-w- Cor. whence the .
v -it r j 7 . j i t Cr- of Section 18, T. 23 S., R. 2a E.,
You will find almost daily uses fot G g a B & M b N 'n. w
11 in us oi suaucn inna9 ur
cidents such as sprains, bruises .cuts,
iP m ' tXfhV,;
liable, too, for earache, toothache,
tiuuH uu iuw.
oet it trom aruggists tor ou cents, j Cor-( thence N. 2 24' E. 600 feet to
If not satislied return the bottle and.cor. No. 1, the place ot the beginning
gei our money DacK.
E
Ever constipated or have sick head-j
ach
he! Just try Wizard Liver Whips,
pleasant little pink pills, JO cents,
Guaranteed.
REVIEW WANT ADS BRING
RESULTS.
Legal Notices
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
FOR U.
S. PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3383.
U. S. Iind Office, Phoenix,
Ariz.,
March 5. 1918
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
the Bisbee-Warren Copper Company,
a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the state of Arizona,
with its principal office at the city of
Bisbee, by its president and secretary,
thereunto duly authorized by resolu
tion of its Board of Directors, has
itu: de application for a patent for the
Wildflower lode mining claim, situat-
ed in Warren Mining District, Cochise
County, State of Arizona, in Section 18
il'WUttuip 2A, bourn, Kange Zo East, I
U. & S. ii U. & M., whica claim is do-1
scribed as follow-, to wn: i
Beginning at Cor. -No, 1, the W. V4 I
Cor. ot Sec. 18, I', 23 S., R. 26 E., G. tt
S. ii. 11. & M., urs. N. 68 la' V . 1651 j
It., tnence S. K i- ti. 44J.O leel to
Cor. No. I, theuce X. 2" 24' E. 102.3
teel to Con No. A, thence S. 73 49' E.
luou.u feet to Cor. No. 4, the N. E. Cor,
thence S. 2' 24' W. 6uo feet to Cor.
No. 5, the S. K Cor., thence N. 73 49'
W. H06.0 teet to Cor. No. 6, the S. W.
Cor., theuce N. 2 24' E. 378.8 feet to
Cor. No. 1, the place ot the beginning,
containing net area of 17.839 acres.
The location notice 01 tms claim is
recorded In the County Recorder's ot
tico, cocnise County, Mate ot Arizona,
as follows : Book 0 Kecoru 01 Mines,
at page 431.
'lhe names of the adjoining claims
are: North Sur. No. 2424. Dena lode,
Sur. No. ZU62, Golden Era, No. 1 lode.
East Sur. No. 2it2, Little Era loue.
American loue, unsurveyed, owned by ,
John Fitzpatrick. bourn, Auva lode, 1
unsurveyed, owned by jonii Fitzpat- j
rick. West, Golconua loue, Sur. No. I
339U. i
J. L. IRVIX, Register.
First Publication March 8, 1918
Last Publication May 17, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Otfice at Phoenix, Ariz.,
March 23, 1918.
XOTICE Is hereby given that John
H. Stoltz, of Hereford. Arizona, who,
1 on April 17, 1913, made Homestead
I Entry, No. U22184, for SE4, Section
' 15 Township 22-S, Range 21-E, G. &
s r B- Meridian, has tiled notice of
j intention to make three-year Proof, to
! otQlliiUh Matm m tha ih ohnva h.
' BcriDe(i, before Jared D. Taylor, United
states commissioner, at Bistieo. Ari-
zona, on the first day ot May, 1913.
Claimant names as witnesses: Gil
bert J. Perry, William A. Lyth, Col
uiiibus T. Stoltz, all 3, of Hereford,!
Arizona; Ira E. Loomis, of Lewis
Springs, Arizona. !
JOHN L. IRVIX. I
Register, j
First publication, March 30, 1918
Last publication. May 1, 1918.
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
THE
BISBEE-WARREN COPPER
! COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
D1TCMT
. V -n
,-r o t j i.i i n t 1. 1
p "jjt"" """' "land 4th Thursday evening ot each
x.,1 u.u.. . .. ni.l month at Odd Fellows HalL Visiting
b'2-" t'onner Comnanv. a
on,! i.rin.. unrior
,fL. , ... ..
i ma law s 01 me oiaie 01 .Arizona, wiin
! its principal office at the city of Bis -
iih. iiv ils iireMiiieiiL uuu bhlicuii v.
thereunto duly authorized by resolu-i
luoii of its board of directors, has made
'application for patent for the follow- SUNSHINE "Beginning at Cor. No.
, Mmed (X( claims, bearing 1, the X. E. Cor., whence the W.
, , Cor of gec .f 23 s K 2- E Q fc
wreMm District of Cochise's. R. ki. & M. brs. N. M' 55' W. 157.9
State of Arizona, approxi- t eel, the, s. 2' 24' W. 1500 teet to
ma ''in Secti u Township 23'loi. No. T, the S. E. Cor., thence S.
fnnannrnvpfit rtparrlhpH na fnilowa-
to Cor. No. 2, the N. E. .Cor, thence
S. 2 24' W. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3, the
S. E. Cor., thence N. 88' 55' W. 1494.20
feci to Cor. Nq. 4, the S. W. Cor.,
thtnee N. 2 24' E. 6U0 feet to Cor. Xo.
, 65 4 feet tnence g s$, 55
feH tQ 2, the X
E. 1494.20
E. Cor.,
thence S. 2 24' W. 600 feet to Cor.
N 3, the S. E. Cor., thence X. 88 55'
w 1494 on feet to Car. No 4. thfl S. W
I containing a net area of 20.576 acres."
HORSE SHOE "Beginning at Cor.
!Xr; 1. the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor.
for the S. W. Cor. of Sec. 18 and the.
N. W. Cor. of Sec. 19 T. 23 S., R. IS E.,
G. & S. IL B. & M. brs., S. 8" 25" W. Mines, Page 330.
S33.2 feet, thence N. 2' 24' E., 600 feet, j Apex Book 57, Record of Mines,
to Cor. No. 2, the X. W. Cor., thence -Page 481.
S 88" 55' E. 1494.20 feet to Cor. No. 3, Sunshine Book 30, Record of Mines
the N. E. Cor., thence S. 2" 24' W. iPage 332.
49.50 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor., Nancy Hanks Book 30, Record of
thtnee S. 87' 03' W. 1500.30 feet to j Mines. Page 331.
Cot. Xo. 1, the place of the beginning,! The names of the adjoining claims
containing a net srea of 18.767 acres.": arc: Xorth Survey Xo. 3;;ss, Carbon
A PEX "Beginning at Cor. Xo. 1. ! ate. Copper WcJse and Sulphide lodes,
the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor. for the ; Suivey Xo. 2125, Delta lode. East,
S W. Cor., of Sec. 18 and the N. W. J Survey No. 33S8, Wildflower lode. Ac
Coi. of Sec. 19, T. 23 S., R 25 E., G. & vil Forge and Copper Era kles. unsur
S. R. B. & M. brs. S. 19" 29' E. 870.9 I veed. owned by John Fitzpatrick.
feet, thence X. 12 27' E.. 327.40 feet ; South. Copper Era uvl;. unsarveyed.
to tor. iso. z, tne n. w. cor., tnence
S. 87 18' E. 15O8.60 feet to Cor. No.
3. the X. E. Cor., thence S. 12" 27' W.
400.70 feet to Cor. Xo. 4. the S. E. Cor.,
theuce N. 84 32' W. 1497.90 feet to
Ccr. No. 1, the place of the beginning,
containing a net area of 5.279 acres
expressly excluding area
in conflict
with Horse Shoe lode of this survey
of 6.364 acres and with Sunshine lode
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts cf each, their meeting nights, tn?ir officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
Meets every Friday night. Moose Hall
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
V. R. TOXKIX. Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
DREADNAUGHT.
L. O. L. NO. 210.
meets in L O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MOXDAY ai 1
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. Wm. T. SMITH AX, W. M.
1 ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meets
seconi and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' halL Visiting Archers are
cordially invited.
MRS. C C. FIXLAYSOX, Foreman
P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STIXSOX, Correspondent.
Box 149G.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp Xo. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy Nail.
H. C. LANDAU. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
cordially invited.
I MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C.
! l'hnna Tllar-lr 851
;
; IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C. ,
i '
,ot mis survey ot 0.784 acres
the S. W. Cor., theuce X. 2" 24' E.
' 15'A feet to Cor. No. 4. the N. V . Cor..
I W M Cor. of Sec. 18. T. 23 S., K. 25 E-,
jG. At S. R. B. & M. brs. N. 57' 26' E.
54C.4 feet, thence S. 2' 24' W. 1300
fett to Cor. No. 2, the S. E. Cor.,
thence S. 66 17' W. 668.20 feet to Cor.
No. S, the S. W. Cor., thence X. 2 24'
E 1500 feet to Cor. No. 4, the X. W.
Cor., thence N. C617' E. 6CS.20 feet
to Cor. No. 1, the place of the begin
ning, containing a not area of 19.550
acres, expressly excluding area in con-
!flicf with Survey No. 2454, William B.
(Moire lode cf 0.152 acres, and with
Survey No. 0137 Jack Pot No. 2 lode
of 0.95S acres."
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the County Recorder's
j Of fice, Cochise County, as follows:
Golconda Book 57, Record of Mines
lPa?e 105
I Hold Over Book 3S, Record of
Mines. Page 463.
Horse Shoe Book 30, Record of
owned by John Fitzpatrick. Survey
No. 2454 Vic Roy and William B.
Moore lcues. West Survey No. 3137,
Jack Pot No. 2 lode. Survey No. 33S9
Carbonate lode.
'lhe official survey cf said mining
claim being Mineral Survey No. 3390.
. J. L. IRVIX, Register.
Firsl Publication March 8. 1918.
Lart Publication May 17, 1918.
1
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meeta in Medlgovlc"!
Hall every T u e s d a jf
night. Visiting brothers
welcome.
j S. F. BEXTOX, Councillor.
fj. L. BEXTOX. Recording Secretary.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge Xo. 10,
Knifhts of Pythias,
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
LEOX H. RICE. C. C.
EARL SOBLEY. K. of R. S.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie. No. 175, F. O. E.. meets
j first and third MONDAYS, 8 p. bl,
I Eagle HalL Visitors cordially wel
come.
J. F. WILMOTH. President.
F. C. FEXDERSOX. Secretary.
C. L. EDMOXDSOX. Aerie Physician.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and ahird Fri
day of each month, visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend. Box 1322.
JAS. A. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY. Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second aud fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. F.
Hall. 7. 30 p. la. Visiting members are
cordial'.y invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID, President.
P. O. Box 3483, Lowell, Aria.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, Lowell
E. LIXDQUIST. Financial Secretary,
P. O. Box 3246, LowelL
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F
meets every
WEDXESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows' HalL
Main street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visitirr
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hull poone 119.
H. R. TAYLOR. X. G.
CARL V. NELSON', Secretary.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hal'
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
in Masonic iiall aecond ana
fourth Tuesday ot eacn
month at 7:30 o. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43, Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEY AX, Secy, P. O.
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com.,
Phona 161.
WEEK ENDING APRIL 13. 1918.
Mor.isy 2nd Degree.
Tuesday
Wednesday 3rd. Degree.
Thursday Chapter.
Fridav 1st degree.
Saturday
W. W. GIPLEY. W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. & A. M.
J. W. TO LAND, E. II. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary CounciL
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
.'Sir r
BROTHERHOOD
-w'.'VV TV' r BisDee Loaire r
No.
1st
and 3rd Mondays
ot each month at
7:30 at Medig
or vitn Han, visit
ing members cordially Invited.
H. F. .MOSS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Box 1621.
MOtERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp Xo. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellow' Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
H. F. MATHEWSOX,
Clerk.
By C A. VOIGHT r EIGHT
TlfE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY MORNING, APRIL 11, 19.18.
false. neither Mr. Th'.ll nor Mrs. Hoch
er have been em rusted with any mis
sion by the mayor f the i-ity 'f
Lyons, according to the consulate at
Washington.
THEATRE
SPECIAL TODAY AT THE
701 T1! TP A HPr&T Balcony 5c
L.ri A flU A 1 KSJ-::::::::::::a
You'll Miss a Lot of Fun If You Fait to See
SENT BACK HOME.
Two Douglas youths about 14 years
of aee. Karl Perkins and Lloyd Crux.
came up to liisbee yesterday to see
tl;e sights without going lir.nihii the
ifi.iinulity of t-l!tig tr.-ir pare. its about
TODAY AND FRIDAY
Continuous, 1 tc 11-
TODAY AND FRIDAY
SELECT PICTURES Present
I 'Where they were going. The hiri!Ps
t'rr!.... 1. .:r: ' ..- ...1....
(Ullivrr iirir w nui lllfll null im.
.youths came in on th.' stage ;liv v.-::e
j taken in custody anil were tint ba k
rn the next stage so that they did not
I have a chance to see the ;.is'its ex
cept from the stage goins to and fro.
One f iho. boys hix! drawn his money
, out of the bank ;'in expected to have
: & gi.od time on it.
The clever, popular little actress "tomboy of the screen'
reel comedy drama
-in another rollicking five-
IN THE 6-ACT DRAMA
EAGLE
W'&A NorniB
JACKIE
SAUNDERS
1 E 1 01 ci.ilSO
IB
n n
etij
Jackie, the mischievous Betty, runs away in Dad's runabout, is arrested as an auto thief,
tries to win freedom by fliriing with the spairow cop, leads a food riot, nearly gets the
old man indicted as a price fixer and gsc-s through a series of equally happy pranks.
You'll like Jackie better than ever after you see "Betty Be Good."
ALBERT E. SMITH PRESENTS
William Duncan and Carol Holloway
"The Vengence and the Woman
CUB COMEDY "JERRY'S
-
MUTUAL WEEKLY
TODAY ONLY
ORPHEUM
TRIANGLE Presents the Bewitching B E L L E BENNETT, In
"THE FUEL OF . LIFE"
See the wonderful mine explosion and the struggle Df the pair in their rock-walled prison
and how the loyal miners risked their lives to save them from a living .tomb. A wond
erful production at popular prices.
"Who Trains the National Army"
A Special Triangle Release Showing the Training and Workings of the Many National
Army Cantonments.
'THE INNOCENT VAMPIRE" A ROLLICKING TRIANGLE COMEDY
ADMISSION 5 AND 10 CENTS
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or !
, hare you entertained? If so. call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor. Phone S3.
FOR NEW YORK
Mike Gerrity was an outgoing nm
nenger on the Golden State Un ited
this morning for N.'w York City, where
he expects to remain for some time.
ILL WITH PNEUMONIA.
Richard Home was taken to the
Copper Queen Hospital Tuesday from
his heme on School Hill, suffering
from an attack of pneumonia.
VISITING RELATIVES.
Engineer W. C. Shaw, of the E. P.
& S. W. stationed at Douglas, is in
the city for a fe
relatives.
days on a visit to
i
t
HAS RETURNED.
Alexander Murray has re'uTicd from i
Tombstone, where lie has been for
several davs on )iisin!Si before the
Superior Court. m
WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
Cleon T. Kapp. the local attorney.
"Has In Tombstone yesterdav. on busi
ness before the Superior Court. He
returned home late last evening.
IS IN CITY.
Morris Abrahams, the New Yotk
cigar salesman, is in the cfy, making
his usual calls on the trade. He has
been making this section of Arizona
for the past twenty-five years.
BACK IN TOMBSTONE.
" County Attorney John P. P-ovs has
returned to Tombstone from a trip to
""Phoenix where he wag called on busi
ness connected with the county at
torney's office.
BROTHER ILL.
Mrs I, L. Gllman, has been called
to Douglas on account of the serious '
Illne. nf her Krollior Vemnn I Vl.l.
Cutcheon.
attack of
who is suffering fro..i an
pneumonia. He is under
the rr,re of Dr. A. W. Vannman. j
WIFE DIES.
Ad'-ires were re."ivI her vester
div to the eft'K uat the wife of J. W.
Sheppard. had died :,t Abilene. Tex..
tt'f r a few dvs illnena She was th?
wife of J. W. Sheppard. who was
employed at the Brophy Stables, In
liOwell, for some time. She leavej De.
id ber husband, four jjuiill children.
MUTUAL PRODUCTION
-IN
Episode No. One
rr it r r a t
- 1 ML Ji 1
T
News of the World in Motion Pictures.
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO
1Z
She luid a mimber of friends in the
"arren District, who will be sorry to
Urrn of her de:if!i.
RETURNED HOME.
Mrs. M. Abell has returned ti her
! home in Tombstone after spending a
.Jw days here for the Gibson Ab-
I stract company in checking up the
back taxes of a number of pieces of
' BIsbee city property. .
RECF'VES SAD NEWS,
! Mrs A. E. Shepperd. wife of City
j Sanitary Inspector. ;-esterl iy received
word c? the sudden death of ber father.
I William Otwell. at Hronond. Texas, of
! an attack of pneumonia He rvas sick
j but a very few days.
WAS FINED THIRTY-FIVE.
Frank Johnson was fined thirty-five
dollars in Judce Thomas court yester
day, twenty-five of which was for"
having a battle of wbisky in his pos
session and the other ten for being
in an intoxicated condition.
1,1 f ROM RANCM.
James Hunt wa.i in th" city yester-
("nv from his rnch near Cloverdale.
New Mexico. He states that cattle
In that portion ?.- in fairly good
share, but that n rood rai;i or two
wouM be of a malarial benefit.
WILL LOCATE HERE.
Ben Maiden, who was formerly con
nected with the E. P. S. W. rail
road as an engineer", has resigned
his position and has moved to this
district to accept position with the
Copper Queen company.
VISITING DAUGHTER.
Miss Mabel Brislev is enioying a
isit from her mother. Mrs. Harry
P.Hs'ey of Pr?s-ott. Arizona. Mrs.
Mrisley will remain for the maTiaee
of -er datiehte. to I. L. RarrleB which
will be solemnized in the near future.
FOR ST. PAUL.
J J Kelly and Jo'in "Theren. were
outpoint: nasseneers ye.-;?r.lay m.iin
'.is fo- St. Paul, Minn . where they
erjiect to make their ftnr'i liomc.
Thev were both In tln eniplove of
' tt.A CnnA nnoai. . .... ,M rl-r
' " IT" ."..,... ,.i.-,
for some time.
MIC I IMS DDAVCM
rhar, shsrp nk(M fj ,ho
frrer Quern hospfrl yeserdav suf
fertii? from two hnl:en bone n Ms
ripht loz, below the kn"j. cpt.f-d y
fr. arVident p the ;ar tner Sh.Mt. of
tlc 'opper Queen company, where
he was employed. His left ankle was
also injured.
LEFT FOR" EAST.
Mrs. Geor? Ivey,
left
Toiuhstons
Good
U"
U
BIG DEAL"
11
TODAY ONLY
ADMISSION 5 AND 10 CENTS
f
yesterday for St. Mary's, Ohio, where
she will make her future home with
hor aunt. Miss Minnie Lintz, former
county school superintendent, until
after the war. Her husband, George
Ivey, is awaiting a call to enter the
mechanical department of the V. S.
government forces.
SENTENCED TO TWO YEARS.
Parties coming in from Phoenix last
evening stated that Judge Stanford.
In the Superior Court late yesterday J
afternoon, sentenced Dr. Itosa Koido
to serve a term of two years in the
State penitentiary. The jury tonne"
her guilty of performing an illegal
operation and asked that she be given
a suspended sentence after they had
left the court room by signing a pe
tition. She has filed notice of ap
peal. MANY ARE DELINQUENT.
County Treasurer Harry Ross has
isseud a statement calling to atten
tion a number of taxpayers that they
have failed to send in the second in
stallment of their taxes for the past
vear and that they will' become de
linquent on the first Mondav in next
month which is the fith. There are
a number of Warren District pronertv i
owners that have failed to remit so
far. It is now up to them to et busv
nd remit before that d"tc if thry wiph
to save themselves the usual penal
ties that are added at that time.
STOCKING UP.
Railroad men here appear much In
terested in the fact that the El Pao
saloons will be closed April 15. They
report thst the El Paso reports are
so anxious to ret rid of their stocks
cf liquor that it is selling now at 9ft
cents and $1 a gallon, and the thrifty
are Tuving u lartre reserve supplies
and burying in their backyards. The
drop in te prlc? of booze, thev de
clare, explains why so manv loral
railroad men are folng to El Pasoi
just now to "get the!, teeth fixed."
visit thIr wives or slcV relatives or
take a vacation, but then you can
never believe a railroad man.
WARNING ISSUED.
Members of the County Council cf
Defense desire to issue a warning to
the public a pa Inst aiding two persons
who are exnected to be in this com
m'tnftv to collect funds for alleged war
charllirs. The names the couple have
been giving are Mr Thill and Mts.
Ro-rer. and, should wnvone z"t a,
f"ck of cither of the two to local of
ficers would appreciate a report, as to
their whereabouts.
Th?se persons have been thrmigh
South and Central America, stating
that they were patronized by the city
of Lyons, Fraucw. Such assertions are
-SURPRISE FRIENDS.
I'liciids of Albert Lorenzen an I
I Mrs. Winifred Hogan were yesterday
j pleasantly surprised to learn that the
young couple were married in El Paso
'a week ago. Mrs. Puul Lorenn
f.ihter-in-law of the bridegroom, ac ',i
pauicd them to the Texas city and
gave thf bride away. Since their re-
turn to llisbee the newylweds have
;had ll.c- joke on their friend unt'i
! yesterday when news of the mnrtinge
, boci..ie known. The brido vie.it to
sch.,,.1 here and has man? friend in
'the district as has Mr Lorcnen who
came tj this city from Nebraska two
jycors ago. He Is one. ,1 the propriet
ors t i' the Merchants' Lar.-'n cafe.
WANTS OPERATORS.
I C'jlodney, director of vocational
education of Arizona, has sent a let
ter to Professor Philbrook or the War
ren District schools, asking his assist
ance in getting wireless telegraph op
erator. Mr. Colodney says:
"This office has been requested by
Washington authorities to get in touch
with the heads of schools and rerort
! at once the number of men subject to
nft takfn instruction in radio and
buzzer work and who have acquired
J a speed of ten words per minute. If
i there are no training classes In radio
and buzzer work In yonr schools, will
you ascertain If there are, in your
community, men subject to draft who
have a speed of ten words per minute,
and send us their names and adiress.
' "The need for these, men is ve'-v
great .and the government depends
; upon the schools to meet the demand.
' If vou have not a class training in
' radio and duzzt work, slart one.
i :
' MORE ROAD OPENED.
j Under the direction of Cy PeTkins,
another stretch of thai state highway
between here and Tombstone has been
I opened to the nnblic. The new ro-id
is uncut r mils and' a quarter in
' length and is now in 'alrlv g'od shape
exceDt that it is a little Ousty. A
, good rain would put it in first class
i shape. The new road Is now open to
i the csmo site and will be -the last
(stretch to be opened for some time
j as the new road leaves the old road
j and bears tin into the hills where
there is considerable rock work to be
I done. The crew has completed clear
i ing nearly a mile of this work and
jfire now putting in some culverts in
j th .crossing just this side of the
Camp. The road is now open to
j within about frur miles of Tombstone.
I On account of the expiration of the
time of e number of the prisoners the
i force hs been reduced to about 29
j men. About thirty-five to forty are
! needed to keen the outfit moving at
jthe proper rate.
ft 0 MAIZTLOUR
In these days of high prices for
wheat Hour and all its well known sub
stitutes, it mibht be well to turn t
an humble product of our own Cochi.se
county soil for rcfl.ef. Milo maize
meal has been used with wheat Tlour.
effecting a saving of twenty to thirtv
rer cent in the latter without detri
ment in the case o bread, biscuit,
nastry and hot cakes. In fact, there
is not any noticeable difference in
food delicacies made with a substitu
tion of one-fourth of the humble milo
maize meal.
J. E. Nelson, the Pisbee miller Who
is erindin? this meal, declares that
there is plentv of it available for use
The Snn Pedro valley alone raised
8me hundreds of tons of nial7 last
year and will doubtless double the
crop this year, w'th the demand for it
Increasin? and hiuher prices assured.
The wheat flour situation will eet
worse lnstad of better until after
next harvest, and we had just as well
prepare to eet used to substitutes.
They are not half as bad as we pre
tend to make out. Th pood patriot
will et them with eoH grace pnd he
elid he can help that much in the
great cause.
Health Seeker
Dies at Osbom
Attle Clcmmors. wife of Charles L.
Clemrrers. died at tlie fami'v home
ope-htlf mile e"t of OsKorn, Tu"dy
nfernoon f 1 o'clock, following a. lonr
i'lnes. Mrs. C'emmers rsme to thi
district nine months am in search o?
health. With her husband she had
traveled over n lartre portion of this
continent, thinking to benefit her con
dltlcn. Their home was in rth
Ci"olinn.
Pesides her hntind, deceased Is
survived by one child, a d.iught.r one
veir and pine months old. Funeral
services will be held ft the parlors
of the Palace Undertaking company
todav at 1:30 o'clock. Rev. Charles
W. Harshman of the Methodist church
officiating. Interment will be made
In Evergreen cemetery.
SUBSTITUTE
AD
FOOD PROBLEM
NORMA .TALMADGE.v
THE MOTH
5(t7NitKFnpirTiiRr: ?
n
This Picture tells a sf ory
marital tragedy.
A Story
ADMISSION MATINEE
L
SENDS 210 INTO
Two hundred and ten pupils of the
Central school comprising the seventh,
eighth and niftth grades, yesterday af
ternoon e?t their rooms, formed in
line, and for the last time attended
classes in the old building. One hour
later thy were domiciled iryllieir new
quarters, the Horace Mann punior
high school building, on Quality Hill,
where hereafter they will attend
classes. The transfer was featured by
a parade of the students through the
business ditrict. by sones by the stu
dents and n farewell address by one
of the departing pupils at the Central
srhcol.
Despite the removal of the 210 p;i
pils from the Central school the build
ing is still filled to over-flowing.
Every room is filled almost to ca
pacity. The building still houses all
classes from the kindergarten to the
sixth grade, inclusive. Miss Edna B.
Newman become the principal at the
Central school with the removal of
the junior high pupils.
At the new junior high school Try
fessor J. B. Patton, for the past three
years a member of the teaching force
of the city schools, becomes the princi
pal. He will conduct his first classes
this morning.
For the present only, the third story
of the new building will be occupied.
The first and second stories of the
building have not as yet been com
pleted and will not be ready foP occu-
EfTRA
SCHOOL
NEW JUNIOR HIGH
pancy before the end of at W-ast twi j OI, , ,,,.4, n Morris is now ij Wasn
or three weeks. Meantime, the clast.es , lnton . i Tear civilian emulove
ill he s'l?htly congested but touching
forces will continue with the program
of wrk as mupnod out.
Dedication of the new building will
pot be held until some time in Mav
cr .Tune. it a date to be fixed. Presi
dent R. B. von KlelnSmid. of the
University of Arizona, has been se
cure.! to deliver the dedicatory ad
dress and the ocasion will be fixed to
meet with his convenience. The rx
ercises will not be held until the hui'd
ing is complete in all details and the
classes have become acustomed to
their new nunrtera and the work in
the nan- huilditiir I
In the parade which yesterday mark
ed the removal of classes from thrt
nd huildinr to the new building. Prof.
C. F. Philbrook. superintendent of
ehools in the district, accompanied by
Prof. P A. Taylor, assistant dean of
the college of aericulture of th Uni
versity of Arizona, led the children,
through the husiress district of the
citv. On Main street the procession
was halted while the pupils sang clas
and class sons. Classes bore ban
ners denoting their classification, end
calling attention to their installation
in new quarters. The demonstration
was one of the most interesting Tver
staged bv the schools o the city nnd
wa marked bv an unusual amount of
enthusiasm. Large audiences gathered
on Main street to watch the r-unils
march to their new building and to
hear them sing their class songs.
Sunday School
Workers Confer
Three state Sunday school workers
will attend a meeting and conference
of Sunday school workers and their
friends in the Wrren District, in the
banquet rooms of the Y. M. C. A . Sit -
urday evenine st 7 o'clock. Ical
workers v. ill lead in the discussion.
but the stite wirWers wl'l have snccM
messages to leave with the district
residents.
It was at first proposed that a sup-1
per would be held on the accaslon. !
This, however, has been omitted, and I
all the time Will be devoted to dis
cussions of live and uivto-the minute
themes All persons in the district
Interested in c-nserving tr mora"
and relielo'is life of the
voimt arf
Invited to atte-id and nartlcinate In
the program. Among the local work
ers who w'll Ink part In the discus
slen are Miss Hartlett. Miss Michaels.
Mrs. Bruning. Doctor Hudson and Mr.
Carver. The meeting is called by
Rev. C. A. Harshmon, chairman or
this district.
ft mi M
Adapled From the Novel
of Life in a gay social set cf
of Social Sins and
15 CENTS
Central Theatre
Tonight Only Commencing 6:30 Tonight pnly
Four-Square Pictures Corporation Presents
An Ail-Star Cast
IN
"THE FRINGE
OF SOCIETY"
A Tense Dramatic Production -of Big Moments and
Climaticai Situations, Cfferin Unlim:'.ed Opportunity
for Supreme Emotional Acting.
ADMISSION CHILDREN 15c; ADULTS 25c
BASEBALL IS WARREN PARK.
Junction -Briggs vs. C. & A.
OPENING
MORRIS TO ARMY.
(By Review Iaed WIre
CHICAGO. April 10. Nelson Morris. :
chairman of the board of directors of
the Morris Packing company, who '
claimed exemption on industrial
groi nc'.., has been called for physical
exai.i.rritir.n bv draft board number ll! '
in (be quartermasters' corps.
WOULD RETAIN ARMY.
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON'. April 10. The Bolsheviki
government has asked Germany for
permission to postpone the demobiliz
ation ot the Russian army in conse-o.tii-nce
of the Japanese landing at Via
divoslock, according to reports in circ
ulation in Petrograd and forwarded by
Keuter's correspondent. '
Business Locals
Expert paper hanger and pain'er. C.
J. Brandt. Phone 455. Box 130. 580
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT
The Ozark boarding and rooming
house, 71 Brewery Gulch. Adv. 161
DANCE. -
C. & A. Band Dance, Warren Park,
Wednesday. April 10, 191S. Admis
sion 50 cents. Ladies free. Adr. 6S6
ROCKHILL'8 3TAGE
Blabee-Tombstone, Leaves BIsbee
BIsbee Auto Co.. 7 a. m 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone BIsbee 5. Adr.
MATERNITY HOME.
Call Black 57.1 for termp. etc.
Advertisement 74
Dr. Playfair. Osteopath. 98 Mason I
Hill. Mason car atop. Phone Blue 647 I
Adv. 231 ,
MADAM CAGNEY
Lifts the dark tc it ot the past, reads 1
! the destiny of the f -ture. Across from
j theatre, Lowell. Adr. 653
1 For noon day iuncn. go to the
j English Kitchen and rv one of their1
, 35c combinations; choice of three1
! combinations. , Adv. 317
L. L. Oilman soils the New Edison,
"the phonograph with a soul."
Gua;antee Paint Co.,
Phone 750.
Adv. 1
STRAWBERRY SHORT CAKE
1 "u,i cneiisa iviicnen.
Adv. 711 ,
GRAND OPENING OF HIGHLAND
PARK
Sunday, April 14, With dancing :it 7
p. m. For particulars see Luthe- Bris
coe at the Park. Refreshments served.
Adv. 69fi
III N
By WM. DANA C?.:
a bvclcse m;
:ibg& cr.d of a
Sorrows
NIGHT 15 AND 25 CENTS
OF SEASON
0YAL
THEATRE
TODAY
CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11
ENTIRE CHANGE
OF PROGRAM
A Five-Reel
Feature
m
Abo
Good Comedy
MUSIC BY
ROYAL ORCHESTRA
PICTURES CHANGE
DAILY
ADMISSION:
BALCONY 5c
LOWER FLOOR -10c
Contractor and Builder
ESTIMATES AND PLANS
FURNISHED
Wm. McDOUG ALL
OPPOSITE LINCOLN SCHOOL
PHONE GREEN 728
JOHN C. WILSON
Contractor
and Builder
ESTIMATES FURNISHED ON
ALL CLASSES OF BUILINGS
SEE ME LAST Phone Green 782
. USE ALLEN'S FOOT-EASE.
Thf tntut ptic pawitat Is br likeu Into U (How
sad imiikJd ia Um faot-'caia. If eu at nti
ud MMBforl for tirrj. achl&i, twoiws, turottiag
fMt, in Alira'i Foet-luuc. it huuatiy twv
oraocM, d pmenii felmrrt t&d c.tot0 tpi!.
JuH iMttilni for UsnclDf PirtiM, Pit en t Lttthrr
Khnr,and tot Bmakieg In New Mor. Ti t
f-4fa. Sold everywhfTf, Ac. ifci'f rl inf
t-bmiifi'. For KKKK trial paikive. addm
Allen H. otmt'rd, L Koj, N. Y.