T" W Ar
J M M
"r
M M A
WEATHER
Xjwa.lV
Arizona: Tuesday and
Wednesday lair; not
much change.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1918.
V0L21,NQ. 130.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
r asm.?
runbmn
7
2
AII1SIISETEHI1S
DlwiSiSCflFMl
FRO M MDJHRY STANDPOINT
ALL CtNTRAL POK BEREFT
EVEN OF MEANS OF DEFENSE
Object Sought' in All Cases
tion of Resumrtion of Hcftilities; President Wilson in
Great Speech Outlines Terms to Congress, Giving Each in
Full; German Navy's Effort to Resist Terms Was Met by
Specification That Allies Should Occupy Heligoland; Land
Terms Safeguard Also
WASHINGTON, Nov. 1 1 .Analysis of the terms im
posed upon Germany, shows them to be even more drastic
than those being enforced against Austria and Bulgaria. From
a military standpoint, all of these powers have been stripped
of the means of defense.
The object sought absolute prevention of a recurrence of
hostilities is the same in each case, and, in general, the same
character of concessions were required, though in Germany s
case there was no necessity to provide for future campaigns
against a remaining enemy.
The surrender of 5000 cannon, 2000 !
airplanes and other war material in j
proportion, military men say, means
that for years to come the German
states will be unable to think in terms
of armed force against any of the pow-
ers associated against them.' Austria.
Bulgaria and Turkey are in the same
state a to military essentials even if
the complete political disintegration !
of Austria had not virtually disposed I
of danger from that source.
The strength of the German navy
has been cut away by the agreement
to surrender 160 submarines, six battle
jcruisers and ten battleships. 50, mod
ern destroyers and many other craft.
At this single stroke Germany would
lose virtually its whole modern fleet.
The ship3 which remain are chiefly
of the pre-dreadnaught days and ether
obsolete types.
It was noted by officers here that
Marshal Foch and his naval advisers
had not lost sight of the mutiny with
in the German fleet aNid the possibility
that this might Interfere with the car
rying out of the armistice naval terms.
The suplementary condition, authoriz
ing occupation of Helgoland as an ad
vanced base by the allies in case
the specified ships are not promptly
surrendered, is designed to render the
German fleet harmless in any ease,
and its destruction ceretain in the
end.
It was also noted with satisfaction
that ample precautions had been tak
en in the terms against the erection
of any interior defenses behind the
Rhine. The occupation of the Rhine
fortresses and of a 30 kilometer zone
on the right bank of the river, wher
ever a bridgehead is to be protested,
gives absolute domination of the 40
kilometer neutral zone established
east of the Rhine to the allied forces,
even without the garrisoning ot any
cities or other points within the cone.
The way is to be kept open continually
for advance into the heart of Germany
by a dozen routes across the great
river.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 11
The terms of the anniatire with Ger
many were read to congress by Presi
dent Wilson at 1 o'clock this after
noon. Assembled In the hall of the
bouse where 19 months ago senators
and representatives heard the presi
dent ask for the declaration of war
they heard him speak the words which
heralded the coming of peace.
The president spoke as follows:
Gentlemen of the Congress: In
these anxious times of rapid and stu
pendous change it will in some de
gree lighten my sense of responsi
bility to perform In person the duty
of communicating to you some of the
larger circumstances of the situation
with which it is necessary to deal.
The German authorities have at the
invitation of the supreme war council
been in communication with Marshal
Foch and have accepted and signed
the terms of armistice which he was
authorized and instructed to communi
cate to them. Those terms are as
follows:
Military Clauses on Western Front.
1. Cessation of operations by land
and in the air six hours after the sig
nature of the armistice.
2. Immediate evacuation of invaded
countries, Belgium. France. Alsace
Lorraine, Luxemburg, so ordered as to
be completed within 14 days from the
signature of the armistice. German
troops which have not left the above
mentioned territories within the
period fixed will becom prisoners of
war. Occupation by the allied and
United States forces jointly will keep
pace with evacuation in these areas.
Was Same Absolute Preven
All movements of evacuation and Oc
cupation will be regulated in accord
ance with a note annexed to the
stated terms.
Tsnn,-n !nn Kno n n (n r at nna
"V " " " " - ,
a"d. l" bhefC TP , !2 n.n h 1
aH in?h;lb'tautss f ,the T , L
mentioned including hostages and
Person, under trial or convicted.
t'ns German armies of the following
! omm.mpnt Five thousand euns
(2500 heavy and 25002 field), 30,000
thousand machine guns. Three thou
sand roinnenwerfer, 2000 airplanes
(bribers firstly D-73s and night
bcnibing machines). The above to be
delivered in situ to the allies and the
United States in accordance with the
detailed conditions laid down in the
annexed note.
5. Evacuation by the German armies
of the countries on the left bank of
(Continued on Page Four)
DEFINITELY ENDS
After Four Years of Strug
gling German Militaristic
Class Goes Down in Utter
Defeat
i-
UNDATED VICTORY LEAD,
(Ry Associated Press) Victory
and peace.
After more than four years of
. struggling, the rights of mankind
are served. The greatest day in
the history of nations has dawn
ed. The German militaristic
Classes arrogant beyond expres
sion are in defeat.
Kaiser and crown prince are in
flight refugees in an alien coun
try. Germanic kings and poten
tates no longer hold their sway.
The allied arms are triumphant.
Imperialistic Germany has met
the fate that ultimately must
come to any country that seeks
to rule the world.
Deserted by all her allies, Germany.
on her knees, is accepting terms of,
HUN HOPE FOR
WORLD CONQUEST
capitulation which amount virtually to 'was like waiting the arrival of a new
abject surrender. Except for actual ; year.
hostile military invasion, the once' The gunners continued to fire,
great European power, whofe mon-j counting the shells as the time ap
arch's ambition was to dominate over proacbed. The infantry were advsnc
all. is In complete defeat. ing, glancing at their watches. The
Beaten on the field of battle, the men holding at other places organ
edict of the allied chief command is lzed their positions to make them
that the German armies shall retire selves more secure,
into their home land from all invaded Then the individual groups un
terrltory. Impotent as the German ' furled the Stars and Stripes, shooll
armies shall be. as impotent also shall , hands and cheered. Soon afterwards
be the German fleet. Colonies are f they were preparingfor luncheon. All
lost, and the band that sought to the boys were hungry as they had
reach out and attain additional terri- breakfasted early in anticipation of
tory is withered by the ruling of the
supreme war council at Versailles,
Reparation and restitution, in fact,
full compensation of all kinds, is to
be made by Germany for all the dis
aster that has followed her armies
(CoaOnued ea Pa Three)
HUN SAILORS THREATEN US
LONDON, Nov. 11. (By the As-
sociated 'Press.) The admiralty hat
intercepted a German 1 wireless ad
dressed from "The Command and Sol
diers' Council on the Cruiser Strass
burg" to "A I ships, torpedo boats, de
stroyers and submarines in the North
T
THEY LED THE FIGHT FOR FREEDOM FOR
A Zt . -J
V - S- v v. u . i f -.- - '
The principal military and civilian leaders of the allies in the world war. Top
and Fremier Lloyd George of England, King Albert of Belgium, President Wilson. In center. Marshal Foch
and President Poincare of France. Bottom row, left to right: Gen. Sir Douglas Haig of England, General
Dial aad K.ig Kaianiwl af Italy, and General Pershing.
YANKS HALTED IH
ARMISTICE SIGNED
Men in Front Lines Overjoyed
by Definite Information
That They Were No Longer
Combatants
WITH TUB AMERICAN ARMY ON
THE SEDAN FRONT. Nov. 11.
Northeast of Verdum the - American
infantry began to advance at 9
o'oclock this morning after artillery
preparation in the direction of Ores
nes. The German artillery responded
feebly, but the machine gun resis
tance was stubborn. Nevertheless the
Americans made progress. The Amer
icans had received orders to hold the
positions reached at 11 o'clock, and at
those points they began to dig in,
marking the advanced positions of the
'.American line when, hostilities ceased.
Along the American front the 11th
what they considered the greatest day
In American history.
WITH THE AMERICAN FORCI-
ON THE MEl'SE AND MOSELLE
FRONT, Nov. 11, 12:50 p. ui.. (By
ADVANCE
ME
(Continued on Page Three)
sea." The message refer to thejoff the Skaw. All, submarines in the
j terms of the armistice, and declares: Baltic, except those on outpost duty,
This would entail the destruction
of t4 all. German comradesl Defend :
our country against this unheard of!
presumption.
"Strong English forces are reported j
YANK ARMY N EARING
FOUR MILLIONS WHEN
ARMISTICE WAS SIGNED
WASHINGTON, Nov. n. The
American army had reached a
total strength of 3.764,677 men
when hostilities ceased today, ac
cording to official figures at the
war department. Of that number
2,20(1.000 had been sent to France,
Italy or Russia. The remainder
were tinder arms In camps in this
country.
ALLIES GIVE
WASHINGTON. Nov. 11. In the
midst of Washington's peace cele
bration tonlpht, Fresldent Wilson,
with Mrs. Wilson seated beside
him, drove down Pennsylvania
avenue through throngs of shout
ing merrymakers. He was recog
nized by a few.
When the president was return
ing up rennsylvania avenue to the
white house the great throng of
merrymakers recognized him and
gave him a tumultous reception.
WASHINGTON CELEBRATES!
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11. War time
Washington celebrated noisily the ad
vent pf peace.
The demonstration was getting well
under way when President Wilson
drove to the capitol to read to con
gress the terms imposed upon defeat
ed Germany anil it continued uninter
ruptedly until fur, into the night.
The city's thousands swirled and
feft
SELVES
OVER
TO REJOICING
(Continued on Page Thre?)
assemble immediately in S;ssnitz
harbor."
Saj ttnitz is a watering place on the
ast coast of the Island of Ruegen
Prussia.
ALL AND WON
row, left to right: King George
CELEBRATES
OE WORLD
Miners Start Big Day by Im
promptu Parade Which
Ends in War Work Demon
stration and Public Dance
Thousands of residents of the War
ren district celebrated the signing of
an armistice with Germany through
lout jesterday. Soon after daybreak
j hundreds of men gathered in the
! streets of Bisbee, Lowell and Warren.
Within a few moments they had se
cured bells, horns and flags and an Im
promptu celebration had started.
Before 8 o'clock the officers of the
Warren District Commercial club had
been rounded up, and from that hour
on the celebration waa in tfcelf hands.
By 11 o'clock the band had been pro
cured and overseas speakers in the
district. Dr. John L. Clifford, of the T.
M. C. IU had been-secured,-and ar
rangements made for a concerted cele
bration at 11 o'clock in front of the
Phelps Dodge 'store. , Later in the day
a similar celebration was arranged by
the club and held in the city park.
jwhen'the band .again assisted, and Dr.
i Clifford spoke again of his experiences
over on the other side.
Business in the Warren district
stood at a standstill throughout the
day. When the miners going on shift
at daybreak heard the news they
threw their hats in the air and their
diggln' clothes on "the "floor of the
chsnre houses.
"Work." they cried, "be damned.
Let's celebrate."
They rushed ' from the change
houses to the streets and begaa or
ganizing spontaneous celebrations. In
B
WILDLY
WAR
(Continued on Pas Two)
DRAFT CALLS
CANCELLED By
GOVERNMENT
AFFECTS ALL FUTURE CALLS
AND PARTICULARLY THE MEN
WHO HAD BEEN ORDERED TO
ENTRAIN FO RCAMP BEFORE
END OF MONTH
WILSON IS RESPONSIBLE'
SECRETARY BAKER ANNOUNCES
THERE WILL BE NO MORE
CALLS AT PRESENT AND AS
FAR AS POSSIBLE WILL STOP
THOSE EN ROUTE
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 11 . Almost
the first action of the war depart-
; men today after announcement of
; the signing of the armistice with
Germany was the cancellation of
' all army draft calls under which
( more than 300,000 men had been or-
dered to entrain for camps before
November 30.
'
Urgent telegrams, prepared three
days ago at the direction of Provost
Marshal General Crowder were sent
to all local draft boards directing that
the movement of 232,000 men under
orders to entrain between today and
Friday be stopped immediately. The j British lines to surrender, when he
telegrams reached most of the boards was headed off by German revolution
in time, but a lew men are known to lists and forced to seek safety in Hol
have started for camp. Secretary J land.
Baker said, however, that wherever
possible their immediate return to I WOULD AVOID CHAOS
civa me would ue arranged.
"I have suspended further calls un-
,W lha .Iraft ami ' i,,H,l,.f Inn. " Mr
present no additional men brought in
under the draft and tothe extent that
we can, we will turn back those men
not reached training camps."
The provost marshal general's office
had no estimate of the number on
trains before the cancelling order was
issued. All men assembled for en
training are to be considered as hon
orably discharged from the army and
paid accordingly. Until further no
tice, no inductions or calls, except
for the navy and marine corps will be
permitted. One call for a few thou
sand of men for the navy is now in
preparation, but volunteers to date
have more than filled the require
ments of the navy and marine corps.
Since August. 1917, when the first
calls were issued under the army draft
law, 2.700.000 men have been inducted
Into the army. Practically all physi
cally qualified men between the ases
of 21 and 31 who were placed in class
one are now in the service. The men
who were to have moved to camp this
month were of the new registrants
originally entrain in October, but were
held up on account ot the epidemic of
influenza.
General Crowder announcemd that
registrants whose induction orders are
cancelled or who are discharged after
their entrainment for camps will re
vert to the status existing at the time
the original induction order was is
sued, this to include resumption of
their order and serial number.
It was specifically announced that
nothing in the cancellations of the
calls shall operate to relieve from the
consequences pf his acts any reg
istrant who has heretofore become de
linquent or deserted.
By order of Secretary Baker. Pro
vost Marshal General Crowder today
directed local and district boards to
"continue to completion as expediti
ously as possible the classification of
all registrants who on September 12
had attained their lPth and had not
attained their 37th birthday."
General Crowder, however, directed
the boards to discontinue immediately
"all work connected with the classifi
cation of men who on September 12
had attained their 37th birthday and
had not attained their 46th birthday."
'In entering." -said Mr. Baker's or-
der to General Crowder, upon what
seems, in view of the mighty events ot '
the day, to be the final work of this
character to be done by the selective
service system. I extend to the mem
bers of that system my personal con
gratulations upon their truly great
achievements of the past year and a
half ....
"To you members of that system.
must come a sense of duty well done
which a loyalaty, patriotism and devo
tion such as yours can bring. The
country and the world knows that It
owes to you a debt of thanks and
'.Continued on Page Two)
CROWN PRINCE!
REPORTED TO
BE KILLED
DETAILS ARE LACKING IN THE
AMSTERDAM DISPATCH TO CEN
TRAL NEWS BUREAU; FORMER
EMPEROR WITH VON HINDEN
BURG ON DUTCH RAIL SIDING
REVOLUTIONISTS LEAD
HAD INTENDED TO SURRENDER
TO BRITISH BUT WAS FORCED
TO FLEE INTO HOLLAND IN
STEAD; REVOLT GAINS STEAD
ILY IN GERMANY SAY REPORTS
j' (By Review Leased TVlre
I', LONDON, Nov. 12, 12:28 a. m. The
former German crown prince is re
! ported to have been shot, according to
I an Amsterdam dispatch to the Central
! News. Details are lacking.
j .
; wn.rifci.ivi is WAITING
'! AMSTERDAM. Nov. 12. S p. m.
(j William Hohenzollern. the former Ger-
man emperor, his eldest son. and Field
Marshal Von Hindenburg. it is learned
from a reliable source, are in a rail
way train npar the station of Eysten
awaiting the decision of the Dutch
government. The blinds on the train
are down. Emperor William, it is re
ported Here, was on his wsy to the
r":'T v : , x .f .
I UM.r liuui K Uim lae
I iwiufue auiuiers ju fcorners council
to send delegates to German main
huOil.i'V.i-l ore o , ., . .1.1.......:..
,rft Colo?ne Morf.y morilnr HeU
I ,-., u- . . r ' . ,
..tut .3. , Vi, lllllUCIIUUIg BUU1 UC UtlU
taken this action "in order to avoid
chaos."
REVOLUTION IS INCREASING
LONDON. Nov. 12, 1:27 p. m. devo
lution is steadily progressing through
out the empire, says a German wire
less despatch from Berlin. Soldiers
and workers councils are being estab
lished everywhere.
In general the change of govern
mer.t. the message adds, has occurred
without appreciable disturbance of
economic order or of bloodshed.
SOLF MAKES APPEAL
LONDON, Nov. 11 Dr. Solf. the
German foreign secretary, has ad
dressed a message to Secretary of
Stat Lansing requesting that
President Wilson to "mitigate the
(Continued on Pva-e Two)
CONGRESS UNIT
III APPROVAL OF
Leaders of All Factions Join
in Lauding Document and
Express Belief No Further
Fighting
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11. Unani
mous approval of the armistice terms
imposed on Germany was voiced to
day by congressmen.
Unconditional surrender was the in
terpretation of most senators and
representatives, althouca expressing
disappointment demobilization of the
German armies was not required.
Sentiment for punishment of those
responsible for murders and other
ARMISTICE TERMS
atrocities also was voiced.
President Wilson's suggestion In his
address Informing congress of the
armistice terms, that the Yletorious
nations extend aid to the peoples of
the central powers In their efforts for
eelf-govemment and to prevent them
from further suffering for want of
food, and other necessities of Ufa, also
was commended.
Vice-President Marshall said:
"The president's address sets a high
(Continues on Fag Kxj TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1918.
m
HI1AIY
m minum
m vv.im.i
PRESIDENT WILSON PROCLAIMS SIGNING
OF ARMISTICE AND ANNOUGES ITS TERMS
AT A JOINT SESSION Or CONGRESS MONDAY
TERMS HERALD END OF WORLD
WAR GECAUSE THEY TAKE
FROM GERMANY THE POWER
TO CONTINUE IT: ALL WE
FOUGHT FOR ACCOMPLISHED
AUTOCRACY STRIPPED
ALLIES HAVE TAKEN-EVERY PRE
CAUTION TO PREVENT THIS
PACT BEING CONSIDERED
SCRAP OF PAPER BY HUNS AC
CORDING TO THEIR PRACTICE
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11. Sign
ing of the armistice with Germany
was proclaimed today by Presi
dent Wilson who also announced
its terms at a joint session of con
gress. The terms herald the end of the
war because they take from Ger
many the power to renew it.
Just beiore he went to the cap
itol the president, in a proclama
tion addressed to his fellow coun
trymen, said:
"The armistice was signed this
. morning. Everything for which
America fought has been accomp
lished. It will now be our fortun
ate duty to assist, by example, by
sober, friendly counsel and by
material aid in the establishment
of democracy throughout the
world."
Stripped of its malicious power, the
military autocracy, its masters driven
to exile, stands before the world's
court of justice having subscribed to
terms of surrender which will prob
ably be recorded in history as the
most drastic complete ever mea
sured out to a defeated foe. Read
ing of the full text of the terms dis
closes measures the United States and
the allied governments have taken to
guarantee that Germany's aceptance
shall not be a Bcrap oj paper and to
insure the destruction of the military
caste which once could secretly and of
its single choice, disturb the peace
of the world.
When President Wilson concluded
his exchanging of notes with Prince
Maximilian, then chancellor, adminis
tration officials declared that if his
course did not bring about what they
hoped would be more than an uncondi
tional surrender, it might bring about
a revolution in Germany.
Pointing today to the Hohenzollern
dynasty, dethroned and exiled, the
people's revolution sweeping Germany
and the terms of the armistice, these
officials felt their predictions amply
fulfilled.
border and 20 kilometers wide for the
remainder.
Meanwhile, as a guaranty of good
faith, the occupation by American and
allied troops of Mayence, Cobleni and
Cologne, the principal crossings of the
Rhine, with a 30 kilometer radius
about the bridgeheads.
On the eastern front all German
troops are to be withdrawn from ter
ritory which before the war belonged
to Russia, Rumania or Turkey.
Then, the German war machine
must disarm. The principal portions
of its navy must be handed over;
arms, munitions and engines of war
numbered by the thousands are to be
taken from the army.
American and allied prisoners are
io at oute be repatriated, without re
ciprocal action by the associated gov
ernments and the thousands of wretch
ed civilians dragged off into slavery
from the invaded territories are to be
returned.
The provision for compensating the
occupied territories for the havoc
wrought by the invaders is contained
in a similar phrase reparation for
damage done.
As a step toward restoring the map
ines, the treaties of Brest-Litovsk,
which laid Russia prone, and of Buch
arest, which plundered Rumania,
must be abandoned. Money, securi
ties, previous metals and other valu
ables looted from the invaded coun
tries mfist be returned in trust to the
allies until the conclusion of peace.
In the west, the railways of Alsace-
Lorraine, the valuable stores of iron
and coal, all the stores and supplies
in Belgium with arms and armaments.
must be handed over.
In the east, the Black sea ports
mnct ha Avaii3tufl tha u-arehinis tiilruii
by Germany from' the Russians must ! ??arater ',ere in P throughout
be surrendered; in the Baltic forts and i T "lJ: rMU" V .mue lor na",
tegat must be delivered and there i"".
uiQuis aii lur iue ueiieiu ui ine united
war work campaign. Parties in auto
mobiles drove about the streets of the
i district shouting, blowing horns and
PEACE COUNCIL
TO ENGROSS ALL
ALLIED POWER
Believe That Further Exten
sion Will Be Given Because
Impossible to Meet in Thir
ty Days
and he delivered a message to the
mothers and fathers of the district
from the men at the front. He praised
the patriotic spirit of the residents
of the Warren district, and spoke in
glowing terms of the manner in which
this district is celebrating the signing
of the peace armistice. His auditors
chested him constantly and roundly,
and be received one of the most spon
taneous welcomes ever accorded
a speaker in the Warren district.
Throughout the district the celebra
tion continued after noon. Small
crowds liere and there gathered and
Cheered. Ihe national enioin and ! e" e to it that the terms of armls-
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11. Prepara
tions for final peace negotiations will
engross American and allied states
men during the next few weeks, while
i Marshal Foch and the naval command
colors
uuuung in red, wmte and blue were Uce which ended the fighting today
Qung from every car and from every are carried out Thirty days is the
per,od and 8ince u hard,y
coiors of every auied nation and those ' wl" De P0881Ie to assemDW me great
of several nations not in the war. On 1 est peace conference in history within
Uie plattorm was tne tiag of Servia,
the nation which opened tne war, and
uie tiag of the United States, the na
tion wnich assisted in the closing of
the war.
At 4 o'clock in the afternoon Dr.
Cnuord appeared again at the City
parte plaza fn anotner celebration
which bad been arranged by the com
mercial cmb. He spoke this time of I
wnai, must oe aone to assist tne army
during the next two years. His ad
uresi was interspersed with little tales
of the trenches, of how the American
boys are showing a spirit which is the
envy of the world, of how he has found
the men of the United States the best
and manliest men in the world. He
urged heavy subscription to the united
war work campaign, because, as he
said, "the boys will need the assist
ance of the home folks now more than
ever in the past."
During the day celebrations of every
must be a free access to the sea for
the allies.
The allied blockade is to remain un-
cnangea. Aieanwnue, uerman mer-
chant ships are to be delivered for
displaying the colors of the United
missions of mercy in carrying food to ; "
the starving; allied shipping held by j wring tne morning tne prisoners
the Germans is to be released without ! m th city Jail were released and told
any obligation to restore to Germany ) to 8 have a od time assisting in
her Bh ds now in the hands of the as- lne ceieurauon. Advices irom uoug-
sociated governments. Germany is to ' las toId of a imnar treatment accord
notifv the neutrals thev are free tn I ed the prisoners in that city's jail.
notify the neutrals they are free to
trade with the associated governments
without molestation.
that time, an extension practically is
certain to be granted by the victors
and accepted by the vanquished.
What happens in Germany, In what
once was Austria-Hungary and In Rus
sia during the meantime probably will
govern the solution of many of the
complex problems awaiting the confer
ence.
Absorbed in the celebration of the
German surrender, today the officials
were unwilling to discuss for publica
tion the next steps to be taken and
to make future wars at least oh so
vast a scale, impossible. But In a
general way what is to be expected
already is known. The address of
President Wilson and the premiers
and public men of the entente coun
tries all have been carefully studied
by those who must plan the next step
and at one time or- another these
spokesmen have touched upon nearly
every idea that might be properly in
cluded in the treaties. This is par
ticularly true of President Wilson's
declaration which he presents not only
the ideas of the American govern
ment, but from their almost unquali
fied acceptance by the entente powers,
may be regarded as already constltut
ng the framework which can oe
clothed with the details necessary to
round out a complete fabric of peace
conventions.
This fralttiework, in all probability,
will be put into final shape by discus-
CELEBRATES END
Having lifted the yoke of militarism !
irom uie peoples oi me cemrai em- cure possession Of it.
pires, the allies now turn to tasks
of humanity and mercy to bind up RTCRtrr I7TI ni V
their wounds and feed the hungry, : DlOtt YY1LUL.I
meanwhile seeking to guide them to a
place in the family of nations from
which they can take a part in assuring
that another such 1500 days of blood i
and horror need never come again. I
Evacuation, reparation and restitu
tion are the keynotes of the armis- j Lowell they held up several citizens
tice. 1 en route to 13 in bee and demanded that
Here are the principal things Ger- i the C. & A. band be produced. Inside
many must do, or, powerless before j half an hour they had secured mem
the victorious allied armies, will have! bers of the band. .Meantime similar
done for her: " . j demonstrations were occurring in Bis-
Immediate evacuation of Alaace-Ixir-; bee and Warren. j
raine. Belgium. Luxemburg, Russia; y &:0 o'clock several thousands of '
They joined in the impromptu parades
which formed as soon as the news of
In a word the iron rinir Is tiehtened ! the signing of the armistice had
and at her borders the civilized world j sPreart-
waits while Germany reforms herself Street car traffic throughout the
from within. j day was an uncertain quantity. Cars
One provision of the armistice. ' en route to and from Warren during
which was supplementary to the text j the early hours of the morning were
as first drawn by the supreme war held up from half an hour to an hour.
council and, therefore does not appear j Hundreds of persons in automobiles
in the text as President Wilson de-! and thousands on foot, marching down
livered it. was inserted after the Ger-' and up the roads between Bisbee and
man revolutionaries took possession ! Lowell made it impossible for the cars
of the German fleet. It provides that to run. The motormen and conductors
if the fleet is not delivered as sped-land the crowds which congested the
fied in the agreements, the associated ; cars climbed out of the cars and lined
governments may occupy Helgoland ; UP to cheer the men and women
fortress as an advanced base to se-! marching. Many of the passengers on
the cars joined in the parade, leaving
I the stalled cars for a later completion
i of the trip.
Several characteristic make-ups at-
l peared on the streets within a short
l. .
KJr W UivLL) WAK parade. One man made up as Uncle
; Sam paraded through the crowds.
(Continued from Pa-e One) j Later a number of men with one dress- j
cu "rT "c ' 6 the acceptance of President Wil-
eoffin, carried the body of the kaiser 80n.g dec,araUon for rignti tne
to its grave Girls and boys, their : wrons of lg70 whch
heads decorated with the national col- ditional return of tne proviuce t0
ors and their clothes hung with bunt- France
Jng. circulated through the crowds, ,n nig addreBS to conKreS9 tod ,
blowing horns and cheering. connection with the armistice, Presi-
The celebration was spontaneous. ' dent Wilson indicated another serious
and Rumania without further destruc ! persons in Bisbee had oreanized for a "'VV1 i'u prooiem mai must engage the atten
tion or harm to inhabitants.
sions among the chiefs of the victor
ious powers long before the represen
tatives of the vanquished are called in
to accept or plead for modification of
what is to be dictated to them. The
preliminary work is expected to be
carried on much as the armistice
terms were prepared, the nations
which have taken, the largest part in
the war and whose voices consequent
ly are entitled to gretest weight, pre
paring the outline, with the spokes
men of the many others with aspira
tions to be satisfied joinfng in the dis
cussions when their interests are in
volved. Probably the violent changes in the
existing conditions which will result
from the enforcement of the terms of
the armistice will powerfully strength
en the earnest desire of all nations
concerned to have the final arrange
ments made at the earliest possible
moment.
One of the most weighty problems
connected with geographical arrange
ments the future of Alsace-Lorraine
lready practically has been settled
allied powers In order
these fearful conditions.'
to mitigate
MESSAGE TO GERMANY
LONDON, Nov. 11, (British wire
less). The following message was
sent by wireless by the German high
command to be communicated to all
authorities interested:
"Radio-record Armistice was sign
ed at 5 o'clock In the morning, French
time. It comes into force at 11 o'clock
in the morning, French time. Delay
for evacuation prolonged by 24 hours
for the left bank of the Rhine besides
the five days; therefore, 31 days in all.
Modifications of the text with that
brought by (courier) Helldorf, will be
transmitted by radio.
(Signed) "ERZBURGER."
WILHELM IS SAFE
(My Kevlew Leased Wlrel
LONDON, Nov. il. A special dis
patch from Eysden, Holland, says that
when William Hohenzolkrn's train ar
rived here he was not aboard. Later
he arrived by motor car, having aban
doned the train, because of shots fired
at the windows of his car.
He joined his officers on the plat
form of the station of Eysden. He
walked up and down the platform
slowly until the train was ready to
leave.
A dispatch to the Daily Mail from
The Hague, dated Sunday, says the
STUDY WAYS AND
MEANS TO MAKE
TAXES LIGHTER ;
CATHOLIC PRIEST DRAGGED
FROM ALTAR, ASSAULTED
BY CRAZED MOBMEN
Congressional Leaders Confer
to See Whether It WU1 Be
Possible to Decrease Rev
enue Imposts
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11. Peace
today threw into conference between
congressional leaders and treasury
officials the question of whether the
tax burden planned in the pendins
revenue bill can be liKhteaed, in
view of prospective reduction of ex
penditures. Senator Simmons, chairman of the
senate finance committee; Chairman
Kitchen of the house ways and iiiana
committee and Secretary MrAilondls-
former empress of Germany was not cussed the problem, but readied no
on board the train, and that no wo-1 conclusion. Mr. McAdoo said ha
men were among the party. 1 would undertake an Immediate survev
f
BENTON. 111.. Nov. 11. A
group of men here today beat Into
unconsciousness Rev. Joseph Bo
Jaczyk, a Catholic priest, for al
leged failure to ring his church
bell when peace was announced.
The priest was dragged from an
altar, where he was officiating at
memorial services for a soldier
recently killed In France. Rt.
Bojaczyk's reputation has been that
he Is patriotic.
tana. The separation company proved
its claim in this court that the min
ing company was using R3 flotation
process of extracting copper from ore
without due authority and was given
Jl'i.000.000 damages.
This damages was reversed by the
United States circuit court of appeals
here on May 13. 1918. The court
held that there was no technical vio
lation of the patent.
This dispatch, which Is dated Sun
day, asserts it was the intention oi
the former emperor to remain on
board the train at Eysden, throughout
the night and leave Monday morning
for internment In a Chateau between
Utretchf and Arnhelm. It was added
his suite would be interned at Arn-heim.
A dispatch attributed to the Maas
tricht (Holland) Handlesblad says
the presence of the former German
crown prince with the Hohenzollern
party has not been confirmed, but
that it Is known former Prince Joa
chim and General von Falkenhyn
were with the former emperor.
On the other hand, the Daily Mail
describes the ex-emperor and the for
mer crown prince walking on opposite
ends of the Eysden platform without
exchanging words.
GERARD URGES EXTRADITION
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, Nov. 11Extrldition
for former emperor William of Ger
many, from Holland and his trial in
of Ihe government's tentative ulans
tor return of the army from abroad,
for curtailing war orders, and other
phases of war-to-peace conversion, and
make recommendations within a few
days.
The uncertainty of future govern
ment financial needs, and the urgent
need of pushing the revenue legisla
tion to completion at an early date,
constituted tr.e principal reasons
prompting many congressional leaders,
bcth democrats and republicans, today
to advocate that the bill not be
changed to reduce the revenue to any
great extent. Already the senate has
revised it so that the income is esti
mated at about $6,250,000,000 instead
of the eight billions provided by iho
house draft. Treasury officials also
pointed out that a large inflow of
taxes will reduce the value of war
bonds which must b floated in the
spring.
Demuhd for immediate steps to cut
down expenditures now is coming
from 'both parties in congress. Sen
ators Borah and Snioot, republicans.
BIG SUMS GIVEN
E CAMPAIGN
BEFOR
OPENS FORMALLY
Corporation May Charge Do
nations to War Work to
Expense Account; Roose
velt Makes Statement
English courts on the charges of mur-; n addresses in the senate today, urged
der, for which he has been indicted
there, was urged tonight by James W.
Gerard, former ambassador to CUr-
many, in .an impromptu address before
theater audience.
Asking whether a man shall be al
lowed to escape who had "killed so
many people that if tr y were stretch
ed on the ground, they would form a
ine almost around the entire world."
Mr. Gerard answered his own Ques
tion with an emphatic, "I should say
not." -
There is a treaty betvt en Holland
and England," Mr. Gerard declared,
"by which they can extradite the ex
kaiser, who ha been Indicted In Eng-
and, and 'try him before an English
court. I gu-'Ss we all know what the
verdict would be. When the hang
man drops the trap he will be doing
away with one of the world' greatest
murderers." j
immediate curtailment of vast gov
ernment expenditures and said Demo
cratic Leader Martin would have diffi
culty in carrying out his recently an
nounced economy programs unless the
public is informed on details ot all
expenditures.
"Senator Martin will find there will
be 1000 reasons advanced for main
taining and extending existing bu
reaus," said Senator Borah. "Ono
thing congress never has been able to
do is to abolish an office or a depart
ment." Senator Smott said the time has
come for the senate to point out how
the saving can be brought about. Hj
urged immediate curtailment of Was'a
ingtun war bureeus, some of which,
he said, have as many as 10,000 employes.
i parade. Flags were presented to the wurated the commercial club took tion of the peace conference - the
HAILED AS VICTORY
(Jy Review Ix'naed Wire)
NEW YORK, Nov. 11. William Ho
henzoltern's flight was hatted tonight
by the American friends of German
democracy "as a complete vindication
of what our society has always be
lieved to exist between the real Ger
man people and their government.
"In this solemn hour when the Ger
man people are to be delivered from
the bondage of dynastic interests, we
whose forefathers were 'forty-eighters'
look back at the inspiration that
moved our ancestors and we see the
vindication of their efforts in the free
dom that victory will bring to the
German people of today." read a state
ment issued by the society and signea
by its president. Frank Sigel. "Had
the German democrats and republi
cans of 184S been victorious, the un-
PEACE TERMS GERMANY
PREPARED TO ENFORCE
UPON ALLIED NATIONS
" uivDvuitu mi. .. . . . , .- 1 1 .. - T annulrnhla wrimna ..1.IK 4 : .. 1 1
i... .,im, f ,.i,i,ana k ,i, .. uib reuis oi me ceieurauun in naim. question 01 tne StaDUltV and enmno- l ""-iiai
iut-u u.uupaLiun uy .tuierii:.u auu i ....o .v iu .ciui a ui m . , ff, , ,, ,, ,v : - - " Germany
M 1 . ' , " 'J .i.u.i. it, " 1.1 4 L ( 11 1 111 II1M l-II V I II lllfni M U H II 1 11 1 . H i -
u euuiia. iu a tew uiuineniB , , .. , , , . - " .
(r.y Review Leased Wire)
(Issued last spring, just before the
March drive, by Count Roon. Repub
lished for the benefit of our readers,
in order that comparison may be made
with the terms exacted by the allies.)
Germany is entitled to the following
terms because of its strength, and un
til they are realized there should be
no armistice:
Annexation of Belgium, annexation
or the entire Flanders coast, includ
ing Calais, annexation of the Briey
and Longwy Basin and the Toul Bel
fort and Verdun region eastward.
Restitution to Germany of all her
Colonies, including Kiaochow.
Great Britain must cede to Germany
such naval bases and coaling stations
as liermany designates.
allied troops of all the countries cn g stores ana shops. In a few moments
the west hank of the Rhine. hundreds of men, women and children
Then, further, croation of a neutral ; we'e streaming down Naco road to
zone in a strip of territory on the east ; ward Lowell.
bank of the Rhine, 30 kilometers i Meantime, several miners from the
(about 20 miles) wide, extending from : Junctiou had been to the camp of the
Holland half way down to the Swiss j United States soldiers at Lowell and
! had beau turned away with the ad
monition that the camp is under quar
antine. They left with the warning to
Uie officers that they would return
with crowd enough to take the camp
by storm.
When the parade reahed Lowell the
raineis from that part of the district
took the lead of the line of march.
Out under the bridge they went in the
direction of Warren, but at the branch
of the roads they turned toward Naco
Laitr they turned again and this time
led several thousands of men, women
and children into the heart of the
army camp. The officers surrendered,
and within a few moments soldiers
wtrj inarching with the civilians in
the direction of Bisbee. The Com
mercial club had already sent auto-
uiooikj otr the district advertising
REPORTED TO
War Baking
Made Popular
And fie housewife made bappy, be
cause she is sure of the leavening
power ci
Crescent
Ba&ingl
Powder!
Xo experimenting
it win raise sn
dough perfectly the
Jrt-Hd ih light, pure
and wholt'Konie.
At ail grocers.
Crescent,
:c a I.b
CRESCENT MFG. CO.
Sea'.ls, Wash.
conserted celebration which would be covenants of ncace are to he m.nl..
representative of the district. More
than 4000 of persons stood in front of pDfJUTM PRIMPF
- I " - MW , . y
of the celebration and this audience
had been swelled by one to two thou
sands more before it closed. The
street on all sides of the corner were
filled with men. women and children.
If the mass started to move every
man and woman and child had to
move in that general direction so
thick was the crowd. Never iu the
history of the'district has there been
so Spontaneous and tremendous a celebration.
OF BAD BLOOD
Pimples on the face, hunches In the
the r.iectii.g at the Phelps Dodge store j neck, sallow and swarthy complexion.
plwa. and the soldiers arrived just , Bores, ulcers, murous patches, copper
before the opening of the meeting. I colored spots, scaly skin affections.
Dr. Clillord. the speaker, requested ' constipation, inactive liver, dyspepsia
that a place be made on Ihe platform and stomach troubles are common
for ihe soldiers. Officers assisted bv 'nitoms of poisoned blood. There Is
the soldiers cleared the platform and 1,0 edy offered today to the public
the entire companv with officers gath- ,'.'at ,iaa 80 ""wssfully cured these
ered at one end. At the other end was ?'.sea,se.s 4aH "Number 4 For The
the C. A A. band, and in the middle i Hl0?d: , Al,ld d,,ctt,r Prescription
nf ih. rnui iitmlnnn Iir r-liif,.-.! """""iB me mum rename rfiiera-
Great Britain must otva Gilbraltae
will be held responsible ! to Spain, cede its war fleet tn fiee.
would have been spared us." many, give Egypt and the Suez canal
1 ! to Turkey.
RUPRECHT SLIPS AWAY I Greece must be re-established under
THE HAGUE, Nov. 11. Crown former King Constantino with fron
Prlnce Rupprccht of Bavaria, com- tiers as before the war.
mander of the German northern amiv Antirii n , ..n c-
BE KILLED ""P' an1 ni8 8taff nave fled from bia and Montenegro.
jliege, where the garrison has re-. GREAT BRITAIN. FRANCE AND
.Continued from Pare On.l ! uiuB iu mo ueigiun neS-J ine UlUlltU STATES MUST PAY
(Special to The Review)
DALLAS, Texas. Nov. 11. The fol
lowing large suuscriptions to the uni
ted war work campaign were an
nounced prior to its opening Monday:
United States Steel corporation.
$3,000,000; Standard Oil company o:
New Jersey, Jl.000.000; West Virginia
Pulp Paper company, $40,000.
Douglas Fairbanks, w ho is making a
campaign tour from coast to coast for
the drive, announced the total so far
raised by him to be $7,000,000. He
spent Sunday in New Orleans and
spoke from the train between New
Orleans and San Antonio Monday wita
a gathering at San Antonio Mondav
afternoon before he left for El Paso.
meson ana Los Angeles. The Western
Union Telegraph company announced
that each employe would give one
day's pay to the cause. The soldiers
at CaniD Upton. New York. hr
pledged to contribute $75,000 to the
fund and the soldiers of the military
camps and the southwestern states
say they intend to give several hun
dred thousand dollars to the cause
which means so much to them.
A legal ruling handed down a few
days ago enables all corporations who
so desire to give large denotations to
the funds and charge same to the:
expense accounts. This ruling is ex
pected to greatly increase corporation
gifts.
Ex-Pres. Theodore Roosevelt issued
the following statement in regard to
the united war work drive. Sunday:
"The period between the close of
the war and demobilization of forces
will be particularly a period when
men at the front will need to have
everything done for them as are being
done by the organizations in the uni
ted war fund campaign. It will be a
dreadful act of ingratitude if this na
tion failed in its duty at this time and
if we should by so doing give our sol
diers the belief that we forgot them
as soon as they ceaBed risking their
lives in this war we stay-at-homes owe
everything to the men at the front
and unless we over subscribe the
amount sought in the campaign we
will have come shamefully short of
our duty."
DRAFT CALLS
CANCELLED BY
GOVERNMENT
(Continued frm P&ce One)
. paper Les Nouvcllcs.
fearful conditions" existing in
Germany. ! REPORTS ARE CONTRADICTORY
Dr. Solf says, according to a Ger-1 LONDON, Nov. 11, 4:12 p. m. Re
man wireless despatch received here I ports are still contradictory as to
today, that he feels it his duty to draw ; whether the former empress arcom
President Wilson's attention to the J panted her husband on his flight to
.. uiai inu euiuicemeni 01 me con- tionana. A Dutcn agency message
ditioiis of the armistice, especially the from Amsterdam says that the party I
surrender of transport, means the consists of fifty-one persons. includ .MIN
ALL OF GERMANY'S WAR COSTS.
THE INDEMNITY BEING A MINI
MUM OF $-45,000,000,000.
They must also agree to deliver raw
materials immediately.
France and Belgium must remain
occupied at their expense until these
conditions are carried out.
Ihe- speaker, and Rev. J. C. Coinptou.
who introduced Dr. Clifford. 1
fives known to medical science.
Put up by J. C. Mendenhall. Kvans-
villo InH ill von r. . .,,
Dr. Clifford spoke for three-qjarfrt j go, by Central Puanuacv.' Uisbee,
of an hour. His theme was personal, Ariz Drug Co.. Lowell, Ariz.
ouii viufi ui iuuuuus, ana requests mat ' nig tne iormer empress and crown
the president's influence be directed 1 prince and Field Marshal von Hinden
toward neutralizing this danger. Tho berg. Les Nousielles of The Hague,
president, he points out, has declared ; does not mention the former empress
iuu ne aia not wisn to make war on but says that high military authorities
uio merman people and did not wish to
impede its peaceful developments.
"The German government has re
ceived the conditions of the armistice"
continues Dr. Solf. "We had to ac
cept the conditions but feel it our duty
to draw the president's attention mot
solemnly and with all earnestuesa to
the fact that the enforcement of the
conditions must produce amoni; the
German people feelings contrary to
thoso upon which alone tho re-construction
of a community of nations
can rest, guaranteeing a just and dtir-
, ubl peace.
I "Tim German people, therefore, at I tered the war. will be recomr.vnil.vl
jtius fateful hour, address themselves to President W'iiiou soon by tleoro
'again to thn pres-ident with the re- j Creel, chairman of the committee on
quest that he use his influence w ith public information.
ERAL SEPARATION
COMPANY LOSES SUIT
of the grand headquarters and court
functionarit s are with William Uoh
cndollern. There were several car
loads of archives brought to the bor
der, the newspaper says.
ABANDON CENSORSHIP.
Illy Kevlew t.e.is.,1 Wlrr)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 11 Ahau.lo.l
ment r.f all censorship on news, m
cliidinz withdrawal of the' voluntary
censorship request under -whieli the
American newspapers have heeu op-ei-atius
since the Unit.'d Stalt en-
(By Review LeneeH Wire)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 11. The
supreme court agree to-lay-to review
proceedings brought by the Minerals
Separation company. Limited, to re
strain tho Untie & Superior Mining
company from infringing on a patent
ed process. Th trial court upheld
the charges and warded $10,n0O.0')i.
The circuit court of appeals reversed
the decision.
HISTORY OF SUIT,
tHv Heview l.-iiiel WUe)
J SAN FKANC1SCO. Nov. 11. The
suit of the Minerals Separation coin
1 p.my versus Ihe Iiutte i. Superior
' Mining companv. a review of which
:was granted by ihe United States
! supreme eonrl to'iay. was a patent
1 ten int;t.-ineiit action originating in t tie
United Statei district court of Mou-1 6cou4bowBc.81aoioacid.N.J. 1S-U
gratitude which cannot be measured
by words but only by the affection, the
rciotct and the esteem, now vours.
cf those among whom you live and
from whom you have taken, that
which was beyond price."
In transmitting Secretary Baker's
order to the state draft executives
and local district boards. General
Crowder added his personal congratu
lations upon their "truly great achieve
ments of the past year and a half."
FIgtoS 2c Win!
The Motors demands strong
s v.e.- slrcr n vomcn and robust
chiiclren. Wisdom suggests that
evsrv pr.-vrr r zneuns of safsguard
h j the vitrl forces and building
up c: resistance, be utilized.
SC01TS
EMULSION
a fiords definite help to those who
are "fighting to win" against
the inroads of weakness.
Scott', abundant in tonic
nutrient properties, builds up
the body by Nature a methods.
1 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1918.
THREE
HUN HOPES FOR
WORLD' CONQUEST
DEFINITELY END
'Continued from Paa On)
and those of her allies throughout
the world war.
The handwriting was on the wall
for Germany. Her troops iiad foupht
valiantly throughout the more than
four years of warfare. Kut what has
been considered in Germany as an
invincible army wis beaten in feats
of arms by the allied powers. Kven be
fore Germany's allies deserted her,
the strength of the entente allies had
become apparent. Vnprepared, they
resisted for more than three years
the assaults of an enemy who had
been prepared for combat since the
Franco-Frussian war.
With a determination that could
never recognize .. defeat, Belgium,
France, Italy and Serbia. were over
run. Hard days were experienced by
the allies, but the smile of hopeful
ness of satisfaction in ultimate suc
cess never faded. When finally the
United States was drawn into the war
by Germany's continued violations ot
international law and of the precepts
of humanity, the gleam of the dawn
of victory for world democracy rose
In the sky.
On the field of battle in France and
Kelgiuni the Germans were fast be
ing defeated when they flew the white
flag of submission and asked for
terms of peace. Everywhere, from the
Belgian coast to the Moselle river, the
allies were pressing them. It was
only a matter of time when their arm
ies were to be decisively beaten on
the battle field. Their great fortified
lines of resistance had crumpled suc
cessively under the impetus of the
attacks of their foes. They were be
ing harried everywhere from pillar to
post. Even the great Rhine fortifica
tions, it was foreseen, would prove
no barrier to the onward rush of the
victorious armies. Hence Germany. (
deserted by her allies, recognized Uiat
defeat stared her in the face and cap-i
itulation. j
For Germany as a nation shorn of
her imperialistic and militaristic
powers, the defeat may not prove in
the long run, of disadvantage.
Already the revolutionists through
out the country are tending toward (
democratization, which may prove the
salvation of a country once controlled
by war lords.
Fighting on the battle fronts ended
at 6 o'clock Monday morning, eastern
time, in the United States. The anri-t
ies of the allied forces at that time j
even to the second were hard fc--j
rying the enemy. j
The British troops were fighting
their foes across the Belgian frontier I
in Belgium. The French had all but I
cleared the Germans from northern
France. The Americans were driving
northward up the Meuse and Moselle
rivers, threatening the enemy with
capitulation by envelopment.
The hostilities ended on the 11th
hour of the 11th day of the 11th month
of 1918. The American infantry men
in true sportsmanlike fashion, kept
the time. Their eyes were on their j
wrist watches as they advanced up j
the Meuse and Moselle sectors in the i
I fear that they would fire a shot after corps in the parade in th afternoon
' the stipulated time for the cessation i iiiiiusuiatins the I'tited War Work
of hostilities arrived. Not nr.e whit : canipi-.tisn for a fun! of $170,!iiii,'i0ti
I less exact in their sportsmanship were; for welfare work anions soldiers and
(the American artillerymen behind the' sailor was made the occasion for re
I lines, who awaited to the second the'newed efforts by the crowds in cheer-
time for calling off of the fighting : Ins and noise-uuiking. The president
and then loosed from their big guns ! reviewed the pageant from the execu
a thou:. .ui.l of them a rain of shells itive office gate to the white house
as a parting salute to thw defeated grounds tad each of the marchers
foe, j soldiers, sailors and civilians with
. . the throng of spectators, saluted or
! cheered the txecutiv.
! A general holiday was declared. All
factories, mills and stores closed for
: the day and thousaids of workers
YANKS HALTED IN
ADVANCE BY NEWS
ARMISTICE SIGNED ; rushed to the center of the city to
Among the paraders were several
I 'uneral corteges paying a joyous
rlbn'c to the end of the kaiser. One
! of these consisted of a solemn-faced
band playing Chopin's death march, a
Mack hearse bearing a black cask."
en which was inscribed. "The Kaiser'r
Coffi-i He's (loiiig Where He !e
longs," and a long profession o:
mourners with black, bands ;irouri(j
their hat., h.er and anon, the pro
cession woo'J mop, and one of the
"mourners" would emit a liovl a-i.
turn a somersault i:iAid frantic" ap
pincse. .'.ikd then tlie procession
would continue.
.Continued from Pae On)
the Associated Pres.,.) News that
the armistice had been signed spread
like wildfire along the American
front from the Moselle river to the re
gion of Sedan. Reaching the various
headquarters early in the day, the
news passed by wire and wireless to
division and regiment and finally j
from mouth to mouth to the boys in
the forward lines.
It was among the boys in the fore
most lines who had been under shell
fire for days that there was the most
genuine rejoicing.
There had been so many rumors of
peace lately that the boys in the front
lines were not inclined to believe the
report of the signing of the armi
stice until their) officers informed
them that it was a fact. Then there
was general rejoicing.
On Sunday both sides kept up an
intercnitten artillery fire -as a remind-
celebrate. Traffic v.as baJiy tied up
but the crowds were unusually good
naluied and sang an cheered us th"y
marched the streets.
LONDON OBSERVES DAY.
I5NDOX, Nov. (British Wire
less Service.) The lord mayor of
London, who in response to calls-Jrom
the crowds, came t the front of the
: mkiisioh house, and said:
"Citizens of Lonton. Let us con
gratulate ourselves n the great news
that our four years f strenuous work
has now come to an end and that we
see before us the result of the slrenu
uos labor of Great Britain and her
allies. .
"Let us not forget that there is still
work for every loyil and patriotic
citizen in tlie reconstiuction and many
other problems whici must arise. 1
will only say now, lt us give three
cheers for his majesy."
To this there was i great response.
At the admiralty ihere were calls
eu 10 wi'ii ; u. U.U..-. ",for a spee,.h from Sir k,.,,. Geddes
cease uu.iiut.it: uau nui ucca i
reived. With nightfall the duel oe-
came weaker, each side awaiting the
final word as to the set hour for de
sisting all firing of guns.
the first lord. The crowds had col
lected there and hastily improvised
platforms were erected for the first
lord' and the niemlvrs of the board
of admiralty. Sir Krc Geddes ctillaj
j for three cheers fur Vice-Admiral
ITALIANS REPORT STATUS . fce.tlty. commander ol the .grand ileet,
ROME, Nov. 11. The Italian armies i 6na ,hese. having b-en given with
have reached Brenner Pass, in the great forvor the crovds again asked
Tyrol, the war office announced to- i for a s,;eech, hut the iheering drowned
day. i all eise. Tlie first lord call3d for
In the battles extending over thc!cheers for the nrilu bluejackets,
period from October 24 to November 4 ' A special service otnraycr was held
the Italians took 426.774 prisoners, in- j nt St pant's j t:.e afternoon, the
eluding 10,658 ofifcers. They also caP- j io: j mayor and sherrf attending,
tured GS15 guns. ;
PARIS MAKES MERRY.
Ity Review l.ias-l WiivJ
PARKS, Nov. 11. The innnicipa
council of Palis has h.id tlie follow
ing posted on walls in all parts o:
the city:
"1'itij.ens! Victory is here trium
phant victory! The vanquished enemy
lavs down his arms. Blood ceases tc
flow. Let Paris emerge from hr
ordered reserve. Let us give fret
co;-se to our joy and enthusiasm and
hold hack oar tears.
"Let us testily to iour infinite grati
tude to our grand soldien and th-.-ir
incomparable chiefs by festooning our
houses in the colors of France and
our allies, our dead can sleep in
pea:e. The sublime sacriiice they
have made for the futurj of their ruee
anl the salvation of their country will
not he in vain.
"The day cf glory has come! Long
live the republic. Lorg live immort-V
France!"
, CHICAGO GCtS WILD.
HAIG MAKES REPORT ! iHy jtev:.?w i.i.sta wire)
LONDON. Nov. ll.-Field Marshal CnlCAGO, 111., Nov 11. - Chicago
Haig reports as follows tonight frow I turne(, lopsy.tllrvv in he wildest cele
headquarters; ! bration in its history to-iav. The tie-
"At the cessation of hostilities this , 1!rium of joy wh(( ,,A tQe rea,
morning we bad reached the general , thevar's grr.id finale began
line of the Franco-Belgian frontier, . t . , h,s n,orni aud
east of Avesnes. Jedmont, Sivry. Four , Rfpa ..... :ia tl Hn..
With, the first tioting of the
whistles, crnvd3 ter-ai to pour from
ALLIES GIVE - clamor of church bells and the shriek-
cpi TI7C fY7FR i mg s'rens s!,rPa(i 'Je slid tidings
OLLVCJ UVEJV ,t0 aIi parts of lne clti parn(jes were
TO REJOICING carted.
; Business was abandoned. Factories,
! stores, bat.KS, oflices, school closed.
' Thore who had come down town to
miles east of Mons, Chievres, Lessines
and Graminoiit.'
(Continued from Page On)
eddied through the streets welcoming i work, joined the mere-makers in the
the cud of the war with confetti, tin ' sticets. Police reservs called from
horns and tumult, while automobiles Mitlyi;:.-: districts smied and waved
and truc!:? loaded with people and t'xir hards heipieisly. Tons cf
with bonis going at full blast pn- paper thrown lrom iffice buildings
raded in endless circle over' Penn- J leM en the crowds, aid pHed p in
sylvania from the capitol to thth streets. At seveil points con
treasury building. The appearance of , lirea were buiU on he car tracks
units in the army, navy and marine; and schedules were alandoned.
mm tm JTT. fW fl
ndinroQfinn Ess R
M H SI
Wliat is the cause of indigestion, dyspepsia,
bloat, heartburn, food-repca'ing, . belching, gassy,
sour stomach, and all the stomach miseries that
bring so much distress? Just this acid-stomach
superacidity as the doctors call it. It robs millions
of their full strength, vitality and the power to en
joy life to be real men and women.
Scientists have proved that but you do not need
to take their word; you can prove it in your own
stomach, by getting rid of the excess acid and find
ing out how much better you will feel. Let your
own stomach be tho judge. It will tell you the
truth. Decide then according to your own feelings,
if acid-stomach is not directly responsible for a
long train of ailments that In time become so seri
ous that they baffle the best medical skill.
It is well known that an acid mouth destroys
the teeth. The acid mouth can be detected only by
a chemical analysis, and still it is so powerful that
it eats right through the hard enamel and causes
the tooth to decay. This certainly is fair warning
of what excess acid will do to the delicate or
ganization of the stomach: as a matter of fact,
excess acidity not only produces at the start a great
many painful and disagreeable symptoms that we
generally name "stomach troubles," but it is the
creator of a long train of very serious ailments.
. Acid stomach interferes with the digestion and
causes the food to ferment, the stomach gets sour
and creates gas, and then this mass of sour ferment
ed food, charged with excess acid, passes into the
Intestines, where it becomes the breeding place for
all kinds of germs and toxic poisons, which in turn,
are absorbed Into the blood stream, and In this way
distributed throughout the entire body.
Of course, these poisons naturally attack the
weakest points and cause tlie most trouble where
they find the least resistance. The bad effects of
acid-stomach do not show up at once, but you can
see the beginning wherever you go. In so many peo
ple 'who, while not actually down sick, are always
ailing 'have no appetite, food doesn't digest, belch
ing all the time, continually complaining of poison
in the system that takes the Pep and Punch out of
them, makes life a hardship, leaving little or no -vitality
to enjoy the real pleasures of life. .
The simple thing, the humanly sensible thing, is
to strike right at the very cause of all this trouble
and clean this excess acid out cf the stomach This
will give the stomach a chance to digest th food
properly; that is all you need; nature will lo the
rest '
There is a -quick, easy way to bring thi3 out
a wonderful new discovery makes it possible to re
move excess acid without the slightest -disemfort.
It is called KATONIC, made in the form of talets
they are good to eat just like a bit of candy. Their
action in the stomach is a good da' like a p;ce of
blotting paper taking up a drop of ink thej liter
ally absorb the injurious excess acid and crry it
away through the intestines. They also drie the
bloat out of the body in fact you can fairr feel
them work.
Try EATONIC and see how quickly it baishes
the immediate effects of acid-stomach bloat. eart
burn. belching, food-repeating, indigest'on. etc. See
too, how quickly your general health improves-how
much more relish you take in eating how nuch
more easily your food is digested how socndl you
sleep how nervousness and irritability disappar.
It is so easy to get this help and it costs so ittle.
So why suffer another hour when sure, quick relef is
at hand? Everywhere people who have use EA
TONIC testify to Its power to bring quick clief.
The testimonials of some of these people ae so
enthusiastic and tell of such remarkable resultsns to
be almost unbelievable.
If you are one of those who have "tried -ery-thing,"
but In spite of it are still lacking phsical
strength and vigor, begin at once to take EATCS'IC.
Don't put It off. Get back your physical and rental
punch. Have -the power and energy to workw lth
vim. Enjoy the good things of life. Learn wht it
means to fairly bubble over with health. Like
thousands of others, you will say that you ever
dreamed It possible that such a wonderful chnge
for tlie better could be brought about so qulcly.
So get a big box of EATONIC from your dregist
today. We authorize him to guarantee EAT'NIC
to please you and you can trust your druggit to
make this guarantee good. If it fails in anyway.
take It back he will refund your money. Ifpu
rinizcipt does not keen EATONIC write to u; an1
we will send you a big 50c box. You can sed
the 50c after you receive it. Address H. L. Krmer,
President, Eatonic Remedy Company, Cor. WVis
Ave. and 11th St., Chicago, III.
PHILADELPHIA AWAKENED.
(Hi Hv:cw Wfr-fi
, PHILADELPHIA. Pa.. Nov. 11.
D:nioiistrati,.is u'h as ffave nevei
been seen in Philadelphia welcomed
the tigring of the armistice. From
early morning untit late at i.iht the
city was in almost u frenzy of excite
ment ana patriotism. Parade atiei
parade came through tha central a.e
nues which were jammed with shout
ing crowds that threw confetti, blew
horns and whistles and used many
other means to make u noise. -Fae
tory whistles blew continuously from
before daylight until tonight.
BUENOS AIRES MERRY.
(By iteview Leased Wire)
BL'ENOS AIRES, Nov. 11. News ol
the abdication of tne German empcroi
and the signing of the armistice was
enthusiastically greeted here. Many
demonstrations were held, thousands
of citizens marching through tho
streats with the flags of. the allies and
expressing dissatisfaction over the
fact that though the Argentine con
gress and people desired thu breaking
off of relationswith Germany long
ago, the executive had declined to ac
cede to thisi The excitement was in
creased by some brawls in the streets
and the stoning of several neutral
newspaper offices. A big mas3 meet
ing will be held on Wednesday aa a
manifestation of the sentiment of the
people.
story. A riot of alii" T rlau.:. A riot
of sound In wMih every cou'eivable
noise-maker joined.
Governor WiPiam !. S.f 'li-!M of
California decreed a holiday. -.lid
the mayors of s'ores ' lilies in all
the Pacific coast s;aus. Walla
Walla. Wash., publi.- pray, r c.t LiV
rtv temple at midn'gh: upe:u I ;U'
elehiation and uoise-maHf.ig which
las continued ever since followed.
Sa'i Francisco K:i.se 1 f. r a f v
nin'Mfs ::t 4 o'clock thi- afternoon
ivliile the crowds in the -:eat civic
elite.- stood villi bowed heads in
iraver.
Wc.kers In th-i gre.it shipyards of
.lie coast were conspi.-uoiis iiiii.jii.i the
rov.iis. In S.m I-"ra::ci.si-o hundreds
.f tin in. clothed i:i tV-lr ; :;m over
.lls. headed the ,l-iiic:iTa-. n led ly
.he mayor and chief o; -, ,;i; . 'o!i -M'ii
inarched arm-ill -ai m with civil
ans whose iiitlucn .l n.a .-. wers
.vorn all awry, or who liati .u lect.(d
j wear (li-'ui d all. A i' '-; h ) :
arlier tiise same cij.zeis would
ave been arre.r.ed and ;rct-il to pay
i fine for bie.iKi..-'
viiicii rcitlircs ev.-i
r. isked properly.
Tonight puiiiic ciaicc.i ami f,re
.vorks everywhere were made a pert
jf tlu celebrations, in i-'aii Francisco
t v.as an "lull icnza masked tali."
(
ti ordinance
o:k' to be
WASHINGTON, Nov. U - President
Wilson, with Mrs. V. iis :i a his side
n an open automobile. drovc frciu
he white house to the ci.pti.i pud back
tonight to see war-time Washington's
celebration of peace.
The prc?side:;tia: machine. IL-iiked
jy others canyiiu' sf:cr.'t service rao;:.
was forced to proceed at a snail-like
&. ; with the contested trail'ic on
.'ennsylvania avenue, whore t!:e pri:i
Ipal demonstration v.; s held, bi.t the
president was recogr b.d by only a
few in tho crowds t: : l i I ho v.as re
.urning to the while house.
- As the machine tur.-icj into Fif
eenth street a sailor carrying a largj
American flag pushed through tlie
'.linmi,- and held the nuMcn over Mr.
'.Vilaou's head. The jiresitiem f ro.-.
and saluted and a great c-'ae.-r wei.t
up fret.i the crowds. The president re
mained standing tor two blocr. bow
ing and waving a small American
flag.
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
O A
9
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
C'fice Below Copper Queen Hotel I
: )
Madam Clark
NEW ENGLAND JUEILANT.
(Uy Kt-view Leased Wlre
' BOSTON, Nov. 11. Naw England
threw off its traditional self restraint
today and celebrated the sigi-ing of
the a-mistic3 lrom long before dawn
until long after dark with more en
thusiasm, noise and processions than
ever marked its most glorious Inde
pendence day observances. Governor
McCall set aside tomorrow as "Vic
tory Day" ior organized expression
by tha people of the state "of thair
pleasure over so momentous an event."
Citizens themselves, from corporation
heads to office boys, joined in spon
taneous outbursts of glee.
Nor was the deeper significance cf
the day forgotten. Ey order of Cardi
nal O'Connell there was a solemn Te
Deum sung tonight in every Catholic
church dn the arendiocese of Ucston.
Tomorrow all The Episcopal churches
In the diocese of Massachusetts will
remain open.
Early in the day saloons and hocel
bars were closed by request of Gov
ernor McCall throughout the state.
FRISCO TURNS LOOSE.
(By Review Leased Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11. The
Pacific coast went joy mad today.
From everywhere came the same
CLAIRVOYANT
Tho well-known clairvoyant. Gives
truthful advice on all affairs of life.
Learn what is beforo you. Business
chances, journeys, speculation; social
and domestic conditions, failures, suc
cess, ill-health, evil influences, love,
marriage, divorce, law suits and til
human affairs advised upon with un
erring accuracy.
The wise use every means to com
pass victory; thousands have been
helped. If you are in trouble of any
ikind, uphappy. not sptisfied in life,
j have domestic, love or business trou
i bles, you will be told how to over
I come them all.
Headings daily from 10 a. m. to S
p. m.
GOLDEN HOTEL, ROOM 15
All honest labor ha3 its just reward.
Now while you are earning money is the time
ta save a portion of it. If you do thi? you are build
ing well for the future.
Bank with us.
r
"Don't Give Up The Ship!"
begged the dying Lawrence. "We
won't," he was assured, "unless it be at a
profit through an Ad in the Review
Classified Columns!"
nl
ns
er,
sh
The Arizona Corporation Commission does not rccommenu the
stocks, bonds or other securities offered for sale by this or any other
company.
C Now that the armistice is signed and peace abqut to be
declared, the need for oil will be as great, if not greater,
than ever.
Do you know that the producing territory now in op
eration in the United States has only enough oil to last
20 years, at the present production.
CJYou can see the necessity of opening up new fields
J Help the
& Befiiiiiig Go.
to develop the oil they have discovered in the BOWIE
OIL BASIN and put Arizona on the map as an oil pro
ducer, by investing in their stock.
Cf Only 20 cents per share.
CJ Investigate and you will invest.
Agents:
J. O. TONKIN & L R. CAULFIELD, Sasse's, Bisbee
COLLINS & BRETHERTON. Jack Bldg., Bisbee
FRANK BRIGGS. Lowell. . -
;arrett
Ever-Lastic Roofing
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock.
Bisbee Lumber Co. inc.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 23
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.. Boston. Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YQRK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
COPPER QUIXN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The beet of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:20 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
Henry Poppen, Manager.
Review Want Ads Bring Resuts
i FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1918.
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEX A. CAIX..
.Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
Tlie Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for re publication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not oilii.rr. lse credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of re-Dublication of special dispatches here
in are also reserved.
Entered a Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
every man shall wear the cross of bravery.
We can do this help. We can make it
easier for the fighting parsons at the front
and for the boys to whom these parsons
minister. The United War Work cam
paign shows us the way.
WILHELM OF HOHENZOLLERN
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
PER MONTH I -75
Z.Z6
4.00
7.BU
2.60
,76
IHKtB JVIU.MHSj
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY tOur weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Taken Fcr Less Than 75 Cents
They Helped to Win
Not the least beautiful part of the cele
bration of the signing of the armistice, in
Bisbee and all over the United States, was
the participation of the workers, the men
who have stood loyally behind the fight
ers, turned out munitions and supplies,
builded the ships or raised the food which
kept the man on the firing line fine, fit
and fully equipped for the struggle.
Bisbee saw her contingent of the army
of workers as they marched in their digging
clothes through the streets yesterday and
in the cheers of the bystanders were to be
. read hearty admiration of their prowess in
the battle against the stubborn rock, which
! they had made to wield its stored wealth.
Without the help of these men and other
thousands like them, our soldiers at the
front would have been lost indeed. Man,
unarmed is a puny thing, but armed with
his rifle and bayonet and ammunition,
made from the metals these men or others
like them helped to dig, supplemented by
wood furnished by an army of woodsmen,
the allied infantryman became a terror to
the foe. Great guns were made to send
great shells hurtling into the ranks of the
Hun through the unswerving patriotism of
the workers of the United States and other
allied nations.
The morale of the workers has been su
perb throughout the long struggle. "We
work to win" has, been a slogan that has
been a tower of strength to the men under
ground, and without swerving or deviating
in the slightest from this course, the ma
jority of them have stuck grimly to their
job.
They were entitled to rejoice yesterday,
and will be entitled to the plaudits of the
world for many a day to come. In the fu
ture when their children's children shall
climb up on their knee and ask what part
they took in the great war, they can say
with pride:
"My dear, I mined copper to help keep
the allied fighting men in the field- With
out the miners this war could not have
been won."
There may be no cross of honor nor
congressional medal for such as these, but
they deserve and will receive the gratitude.
ARIZONA'S FIGHTING PASTOR
Not long ago he was Rev. John H. Clif
ford, pastor of the First Baptist church, of
Tucson.
Today he is the "fighting parson" of the
marines, and he answers to the' name of
"Doc."
"Doc" entered the service soon after the
United States entered the war. He went
with the Y. M. C. A. to France, and was
assigned to duty with a regiment of ma
rines. The whole southwest knows the
story of Doc how he went over the top
with his hard-boiled flock,; how he won
his way into their hearts, and how he
crawled through a shell-swept area to help
in the rescue of the colonel of his regiment.
Doc has been in Arizona for the past
ten years. He came home to rest up; and
while he rested up he turned his energies to
assisting the United War Work campaign.
He has visited Cochise county, and has
given his message from the front to the
residents of this county.
Doc has been a hero of the war. He has
been through the hells of gas and flame,
has helped men die and helped men live,
he has given the war yell of the marines
as his outfit went over the top, and he
has seen the scythe of the machine gun
mow down, the men of his flock. Inside
his pocket he carries the Croix de Guerre
the award for bravery on the field of ac
tion. We cannot all be fighting parson3. Not
each of us can go to the front line trenches,
breathe the powder smell and blood. All
of us cannot be heroes; it is forbidden that
(Arizona Star.)
Striving, through a reign of nearly thirty
years, to emulate Napoleon, Frederick the
Great, Alexander the Great, Theodric and
Attila, Wilhelm II, emperor of all the Ger
mans and king of Prussia, finds himself
without the pale, looking back on what
might have been. For he is gone and will
be remembered only by the negative feat
ures of his stewardship.
Wilhelm dreamed of world conquest.
He sought to do all that the former near
world conquerors had done and, in addi
tion, secure the finished product to be
queath to his posterity and to history. He is
done and his family is done with him.
Through more than a generation did
Wilhelm dream of "der tag," the day when
he should start on his course of bloodthirsti
ness. For a generation he banked his fires
of hate and prepared to lull a gullable world
into a false security. He all but succeeded.
But he has paid the price of making the
mistakes that a criminal always makes in
perpetrating a crime.
History will read of a family of robber
barons, who instituted their crtiiil reign
over certain of the peoples of middle and
northern Europe. It will pass over that
family's propaganda. It will pass over
many things and will end with the com
mentary that the fall of the House of Hoh
enzollern was caused by that world-old
cause, self aggrandizement and blind ego
tism. History will tell the truth.
For Wilhelm, Wilhelm's first son, and
his second, and on down the line of the
list of princes of Prussia, are done. Their
work.or their play (for such it was and the
people were the pawns), will become the
effort of those people who have suffered;
not alone in Germany, but throughout the
civilized world.
Wilhelm has abdicated. He has taken
the path of the monarch who has" fallen.
He cast his bread upon the waters and it
failed to return in aught but sand and filth
and blood. His castles and his power will
melt into oblivion with the horrors of his
reign.
The disintegration of Divine Right
houses of royalty has been slow but sure.
Russia, Greece, Austria-Hungary, and now
Germany, the strongest and most arrogant
of them all.
World democracy is on the threshold
BULLY FOR PAT
(Douglas International.)
Regardless of the fact that Pat Nathan
is a republican, the Daily International de-
sires to congratulate Pima county on his
election as a member of the board of su-
v pervisors of that county. Mr. Nathan was
for many years a resident of the Warren
dis Act and went to Ajo from the purchas
ing department of the Calumet & Arizona
company at Warren to take charge of the
co-operative store of the New Cornelia
Mining company at Ajo the new mining
town nf western Pima county. He is a
thorough business man and competent in
every way for the official duties for which
he has been chosen. The one thing that
will prevent Pat Nathan from climbing
higher on the political ladder is his effici
ency in the greater field of industrial calling.
We must not forget that in the days to
come, when our fighters must be brought
back home, much of the inspiration which
has attended the conduct of the war and
has sustained them, will be lacking. The
men who have fought for us deserve every
thing of the nation, for they have offered
all. Let's get behind this war work drive
and give generously for the amusement
and instruction of our 'fighting men in
Europe.
The democrats have promised to do
away with the present trouble-making and
party-killing primary election law. It is to
be hoped that the present legislature will
get busy on this duty soon after meeting in
Phoenix.
The hurried abdication and flight of Wil
liam Hohenzollern, lately known as the
"war lord" and "the all-highest" reminds
us that the American pug who said. "The
higher they go, the hafder they fall," knew
what he was talking about.
FROM MILITARY
STANDPOINT CENTRAL
POWERS DEFENSELESS
(Continued o;. Page Four)
the Rhine These countries on the
left bank of the Rhine shall be admin
istered by the local authorities under
the control of the allied and United
Stales armies of occupation. The oc
cupation of these territories will be
d -termined by allied United States
garrisons holding the principal cross
ings of the Rhie, Mayenoe, Coblenz,
Cologne, together with bridgeheads at
these points in the 30-kilometer radius
on the right bank and by garrisons
similarly holding the strategic points
of the regions. A nsutral zone shall
be reserved on the right of the Rhine
between the stream and a line drawn
parallel to it 40 kilometers to the east
from the frontier of Holland to the
parallel of Cernslieim and as far as
practicable a distance of 30 kilometers
from the east of the stream from this
parallel upon Swiss frontier. Evacua
tion by tho ensmy of the Rhinelands
shall be so ordered as to be completed
within a further period of 11 days, in
fill 19 days after the signing of the
armistice. All movements of evacua
tion and occupation will be regulated
according to the note anneexd.
; 6. In a!l territory evacuated by the
enemy there shall be no evacuation of
inhabitants; no damage or harm shall
be done to the persons or property of
the inhabitants. No destruction of
any kind to be committed. Military
Iestablishments of all kinds shall be
delivered intact as well as military
stores cf foed. munitions, equipment
not removed during the periods fixed
lor evacuation. Stores of food of all
kinds for the civil population, cattle,
etc., shall be left in situ. Industrial
establishments shall not be impaired
in any way and their personnel shall
not be moved. - Roads and means of
communication of every kind, rail
road, waterways, main roads, bridges.
telegraphs, telephones, shall In no
manner be impaired.
7. All civil and military personnel
at prssent employed on them shall re
main. Five thousand locomotives.
50,000 wagons end 10.000 motor lorries
in good working order with all neces
sary spare parts and fittings shall be
delivered to the associated powers
within the period fixed for the evacua
tion of Belgium and Luxemburg. The
railways of Alsace-Lorraine shall be
handed over within the same period
together with all pre-war personnel
and material. .Further material neces
sary for the working of railways in
tho country on the left bank of the
Rhine shall bo left in situ. All stores
of coal and material for the upkeep of
permanent ways, signals and repair
shops left entire in situ and kept in
an efficient state by Germany during
the whole period of armistice. All
barges taken from the allies shall be
restored to them. A note appended
regulates the details of these meas
ures. 8. Tho Geman command shall be
responsible 4or revealing all mines or
delay acting fuses disposed on ter
ritory evacuated by the German troops
and shall assist in their discovery and
the Geman command shall also re
veal destructive measures that may
have been taken (such as poisoning
or polluting of springs, wells, etc.)
under penalty of reprisals.
9. Tha right of requisition shall be
exercised by the allies and the United
States armies in all occupied terri
tory. The upkeep of the troops of oc
cupation in the Rhine land (excluding
Alsace-Lorraine) shall be charged to
the German government.
10. An immediate repatriation with
out reciprocity, according to detailed
conditions which shall be fixed, of all
allied and United States prisoners of
war. The allied powers and the
United Slates shall be able to dispose
of these pripners as they wish.
11. Sick and wounded who cannot
be removed from evacuated territory
will be cared for by German person
nel who will be left on the spot with
the medical material required.
II.
Disposition Relative to the Eastern
Frontiers of Germany.
12. AH German troops at present in
any territory which before the war
belonged to Russia, Rumania or Tur
key shall withdraw within the fron
tiers of Germany as they existed on
August 1, 1914.
13. Evacuation by German troops to
begin at once and ali German instruc
tors, prisoners aud civilian, as well as
military agents, no-.v on the territory
of Russia (as defined before 1914) to
be recalled.
14. German troops to cease at once
all requisitions and seizures and any
other undertaking with a view to ob
taining supplies intended for Germany
iu Rumania and Russia( as defined on
August 1. 1914).
15. Abandonment of the treaties of
Bucharest and Hrcst-Litovsk and of
the supplementary treaties.
16. The allies shall have free access
to the territories, evacuated by the
Germans on their eastern frontier
either through Dantzig or by the Vis
tula in order to convey supplies to the
populations of those territories or for
any other purpose.
III.
Clau.'e Concerning East Africa.
17. Unconditional capitulation of all
German forces operating in Last
Africa within one month.
IV.
General Clauses.
IS. Repatriation, without reciproc
ity, within a maximum period of one
month, in accordance with detailed
conditions here after to be fixed, of
all civilians interned or deported who
niiiy be citizens of other allied or as
sociated states than those ni"ntioned
in Clause 3, J'arugruph 1!), with the
reservation that any ltirtber cjaims
and demattds of the allies and the
United stales of America remain un
affected. 19. The following financial condi
tions are required: Reparation for
damage done. Willi-; Midi armistice
lasts no nubile se '.irities shall be re
moved by (lift enemy which can serve j
as a pledge to the allies fcr the re-
p TIIEY TRIED TO ENSLAVE THE ENTIRE WORLD AND LOST
'i
It
4. '-'
a,
ft i j.iii.mit.i i.t.ii,
t . -.:r "1
'I
V'UStStl
i '-
7 4i:f
7 Ctrs?,
I
M
-.1
a, . ja
fJUMSV X
sir
v i i I
' J I I
it
Ar
i
c .
These men ledthe attempt to place the entire irorM under the Prussian heel. Upper row, left to rights Eddiae
Effendi, ailtan of Turkey; Crown Prince William of Germany. General lioroevie of Austria. . In center
Emperor W illiam. Below, left to right: Charles I, emperor of Austria; Field Marshal Ton Hindenhurc ot
German and King Ferdinand of Bulgaria.
covery or repantion for war losses. bases to be specified by the allies and . ia the common purpose to set up such
Immediate rsttution of the cash de-J the United States cf America. Ja feace as will satisfy the longing of
posit in the natonal hank of liolgium. 28. In evacuating the Eeltiian coasts ! the whole world for disinterested ju
and iu general immediate return of.ar. i porta, Germany sl:all abandon all j lice, embodied iu settlements which
all documents, jpecie, stocks, shares, i merchant ships, tugs, Meters, cranes ; are tasud upon something much bet
paper money, tether with plant for and all other harbor mat?rial.s; all tor and much more lasting than th
the issue therm, touching public or . materials for inland navigation, all ' sel.isli competitive interests of self
prlvats interest, in the invaded couiv ' aircralt and all materials and stores, states. There is no longer any
tries. RestituUnt of the Russian aad : fill arms and armaments, and all stores doubt as to what to victors have iu
Roumanian gol: yielded to Germany , and apparatus of all kinds. j mind.
or taken by tha power. This ;;old to j 29. All Ulark sea ports are to be; Th;y have a mind in the matter.
be denvereu in rust to me ame3 until : evacuated by Germany: all Russian ; not only but a heart also. Their
the signature of peace.
V.
Naval Conditions.
war vessels of all descriptions seked ' avowed and concerted purpose is to
: by Germany iu the Black sea are to ; satisfy and protect the weak as well
I bf handed over to the allies and the j as to accord their just rights to the
i t'nltert State rt ATr.prirn nil npntrjl atmno
20. Immediat. cessation of all hos-1 vessels seized are to be released; all j The' humane temper and intention
tihtiss at sea end definite mforuia- ( !lriiu a.i nth, ni.trkia nf ..n ..i .
ilia IllWUVUa (iUlClUJUQUIl .A3
I iilrpaHv huin mnnlfftctoil In v.rv
I - vwu .. . ... .WJ
( return il anrl r!prnian mutoHnlu na ! n1 . ...j. i .. n .. Tk.t. nK.Af.AM.nt..A
. hotrivon nAi,lr.h .hat . . " " ' ""l"l,u ' il"" IC)."C..l.U.CS
tion to be give) as to the location and !
movements of .11 German ships. Noti-
iretaom oi jawgauon ni an tern- abandoned,
tcriai waters b given to ine navai anu i -jn
rine prisones of war of the allied
and associacd powers in German
hands to b returned without reci
procity.
22. Surrenk-r to the allies i ar.d the j 32. The German government will ! they were
United Stat of America lbO German notify ,lle neutra, governments of the j bcUium. I
be in the supreme council at Versailles
I have bv unanimous resolution assured
r, - JU. ,u mercnani vessels in ueriuan the peoples of the central empires
mornfltlH a Till PlllOB fT tha al nun ami 1 . ... I r r
, nanus belonging to the allied and as-1 that everything that is possible in the
associated pm ers. ail questions of sociated are tQ be restored , j e5rcUBllltfBCCt Vi be dne to supply
Ml1 i ntfcanme n,a- ! V bf !P1 h allies and I thein wi.h food and reaeve tho dis-
- fp i niip.T si.'iiph n t amtr i u-irnmii trAii.- n. n-t k ia in u n
reciprocity. (places threatening their very lives;
21. No destruction of ships or of j and steps are to be taken immediate
materials to he permitted before ' ly to orsanize the.ie efforts at relief
evaruatirn, surrender or restoration. I iu the same systematic manner t'it
organized in the rase of
submarines ..""i11 world and particularly the- govern- nagl cf ' the central empires it ousht
cru scrs anf mine lajing submarines mellts of Norwav, gweden. IX-nmark 1 pre3:ntlv to be possi.e to lift the
wun tneir comp.de arma .enc n and Holland, that, all restrictions ! uar of utter miserr from their on-
i - -
their
he great
political re-
disarmed gid placed under the super- terests and whether In return for spe- every hand. Hunger does not breed
vision of al.ed powers and the Lnitedjrmc concessions 8UL.h as tne export reform; it breeds madness and all tha
oieu T'in' n n,f.!of 8hip buildinK materials or not ar? j uiy distempers that make an ordered
23. The .ollon ing German surface immediately cancelled. . ii:e impossible,
warahipr rhk-h s..all b designated 3;. No tr,n8rpr f a. rman merchant For with the fall oi the ancient gov-
u, a,.. y; shipping of any description to any eniments which rested like an incu-
miTcitia in .11. u. a.... n,.utrai nag are U take place
crt ii 1 tint ti r i nnnq n.'iin n.'in r.o anot1. . .. ..
,k 'a WJ ,1 i- nnrt th. I r ,7.1 1 Plarea n tne tr:,(1,S cf Jnelr Pressed populations and set
o.:. r Vj. am .k., s w"" tno a"' '1 ana a?so,latd ; minds aud energies free for t
iIU". ' -""i collntrlt's. wnetner by the German and hazardous tasks of
marine, tobe paid off and completely ...-. ... hv H... r..r,,,.-, . .
signature cf the armUtice.
VI.
Duration of Armistice
4. Tiie duration of the armistice is
and there'Jter interned in ueutral
ports, or, for the want of them, in
allied port, to be designated oy the
allies and he United States of Amer
ica and plred ui.der the surv. iiT;
Cl II: aini anj uie iwiea uiaiej nt i
U'.ii'i '( a, oly caiciakers b-j'iiL- ;.;ft on j
board, an iely: Six battle cruisers, 10:
battlesl.ipt eight li;ht crui.-ers. i:i-j
eluding fo mine luyers, 5n destroy-j
ers of h most modern type. All
other suiaco warships, huliidiug!
river craf, a;e to be concentrated in i
Geiman aval banes to be d'.'MKliuted 1
by the alt's and the United States of. or refused by Germany withiu 72
America, lid are to be paid oft and ! hours of notification.
roiiipletel disarmed and placed under The war thus comes to an end, for
the s'lpcfi is'.on of the allies aud the ; having accepted these terms of arnii
Uni'.ed J-J.tes of America. All ves-j slice, it will be impossible for the
s ls of le auxiliary fleet (trawlers. ', German command to renew it.
motor vasela, etc.) are to be dis-J It is now possible to assess the con-
after I bus upon the peoples of the central
empires, has come political change
not' merely, but revolution, and revo
latiou which seem as yet to assume
no final and ordered form, but to run
from one fluid change to another
... . . . irk '111 iln-.-i tlm -.Ttti'..n I,. Av.n.l 1
Uurlag tills period, on fail ire of exo- '"'l" '"" ion. iu
cution of any of the above Clauses, ' themselves, with what govern-
the armistin- n;n- he il. nun, p,i h-. - meats ana oi wnat sort are wc about
one
hi
ne anuisiico may ue ueiiounceu dv "' -v
me of the contracting panics on 4s ' to d "al ln ,h mal"n ' tne tondi
iouis' pre.ious notice. j lions of peace? With what authority
VII.
Time Limit for Rcly.
oj. This armistice to be accepted
armed. sequences U tnis great consumiaa-1
24. Th allies and the United States tion. We know only that this traiti- I
of Atnerra shall have the riht to ; cal war, whose consuming flames j
sweep in all mine fi.-lds and obstruc-j swept from one nation to another ;
tions lai by Germany outside Ger- until all the world was on fire, is all
man tentorial waters, and the posi
tions v.f hese are to be indicated.
will they met us. and hat assurance
that their authority lll abide and
in securely the International ar-
raugemen into which we are about
i to entti? There is here matter for
;iu small ai.'.iety and misgiving.
! When pi ace la made, upon whose
prcmisc-a and engagements besides
p ur own is it to rest?
; Let us bn perlectly frank with our
j selves and admit that tln'se questions
caiinoi be satisfactorily answered now
or at once. Hut the moral is not that
tl:e:e is little hope of an early answer
that will suffice. It is only that we
mus; be patient and helpful and mind
ful above all of the. great hope and
contidence that lie at the heart of
what is taking place. Excesses ,ac
i0i:'lish not hint. Unhappy Russia
has furnished abundant recent proof
of that. Disorder Immediately de
feats itself. If excesses should occur,
if disorder oul 1 for a tim? raise it
head, a sober second thought will fol-
rUied " 11 ' I ;IJ Ul lUI'H UV Ur IlllDU
; arrive.
I The nresent and nil Ih.if it hnids
an end, and that it was th privilege
of our people to enter it at its most
Frtfdoiii of access to and from i critical juncture in such fashion and
the Halt: to be given to tho naval . in such forte as to contribute in a
and ni-rantile marines of ihe allied j way of which wo are all deeply proud.
and assrialM powers. To secure to the great result; we know, too.
this, theiillies and the United States that the object of the war is attained;
of Ameli a shall be empowered to i the, object upon whiih all free men
occupy 11 German torts, tort if i a-1 had set their hearts; and attained
tions. bierie anil detense works of ! with a sweeping completeness which
all kind, in all the eniranccs from, even now we do not realise.
the Cutti-'at into the Baltic, and to imperialism such as the men con-
all mii.o.- unH (thulrm Iiaiij I i nii-wil u lm l.nl vn.tordiiv tha
withiu ad without German territorial ; masters of Germany is at an end. Its ! - l w P"l'e
waters tlliout anv question of lieu-, illicit ambitions engulfed in . black ... ...
tralitv Mug raised, and the positions disaster. Who will r.ovv seek to re-1 "ruer.y prc;s oi tneir 6Hvern
of all'siift mines and obstructions are ! vivo it? The arbitrary power of the 1 nts; tb- future to those who arove
to be inicaied. . military caste of Geriimnv which ouce "uv , "" ""s
26. Th existing blockad - conditioas could secretly and of its single choir? I 10 ,on,iuor un arlMS w ,uaK onij
set up V the allies and asso. hit-d disturb the peace of the world is dis-;" "O co..Mues, ; ,o con,uer in
pow.is ren.aiu un. hanged and all credited and desiroved. And more, ! "oriJ bv 'nnng its esteem is tt
Cernian iien h.-.'ii ships found at sea thau that-much more than that- has ; mjko I'wmanent oiiQiet. I am con
are to. rtiiain liable to capture. been accomplished. The great na- I iuent tl,at thH nations that have
27. Alliwal aircraft are to be con-1 tiotis which assoi latel themselves lo.''J the discipline of freedom and
tt'Utralei aud uobiiLced iu German destroy it have uow delluitely uuited tCootlnuod on Pa SM THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1918.
F '
V"
A n n pi hnnspinn h 1 P" n vers
. Call Him Dad!
Why You Should Give Twice as
Much as You Ever Gave Before!
The need ia for sum 70 fc greater than any gift
vet asked for iince the world began. The Govern
ment has fixed this sum at $ 170,500,000.
By giving to these seven organizations all at once,
the cost and effort of six additional campaigns is
saved.
Unless Americans do give twice as much as ever
before, Our soldiers and sailors may not enjoy during
1918 their:
S,600 Recreation Buildings
1.00X) Miles of Movie Film ,
100 Leading Stage Stars .
2,000 Athletic Directors
2300 Libraries supplying 5,000,000 books
85 Hostess Houses
15,000 Big-brother "secretaries"
Millions of dolUrs of home comforts
When you give double, you make sure that every
fighter has the cheer and comforts of these seven
organizations every step of the way from home to
the front and back again. You provide him with a
church, a theatre, a cheerful home, a store, a school,
a club and an athletic field and a knowledge that
the folks back home are with him, heart and soul!
You have loaned your money to Supply their
physical needs.
Now give to m"'""'" the Morale that is win
ning the war I
p-pHERR is a new kind of fighter in this wvt. He wears a uniform but he
doesn't carry a gun. He carries cheer and comiort ana a great Dig xicaru
Never mind whether his uniform shows the emblem of the Y. M. C. A. or
a . . - . .1 r i az
the Knights of Columbus, the Jewish Weltare tfoara or tne Daivauon
Army. He doesn't care and neither does your boy. :
This new kind of fighter is making a new kind of fight He is
fighting against lonesomeness and heart-ache and monotony and
worry. He is fighting for that quality which wins wars morale!
Your boy has it This man is fighting to let him keep it
Maybe your boy hasn't had a letter for a long time. Or maybe
there' was something thafworried him in the letter that he got this
morning.
Or maybe he has had a disappointment hoped for promotion
and didn't get it. Or maybe he'd give a million dollars just to see
his folks one minute.
It hurts to lock up things like that, deep down inside your
heart It helps to pour them out
And that is where this man comes in the Daddy of them all
They loiow that he will understand that he won't laugh or preach.
They know that he is there with the right word and the right
pat on the back when it's needed most
You Daddies of America, you men who want to go ana can t
let's keep this Daddy on the job!
UNITED WAR WORK CAMPAIGN
tjf NATT. CATJOUCWAR j
AMERICAN LIBRARY jfT .
J J I ASSOCIATION II V VTj
THIS SPACE CONTRIBUTED BY ; ,
J, B. ANGIUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
THIS SPACE CONTRIBUTED BY
Schwartz Brothers
The Fair Store
FIVE SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW; TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1918.
HEW
NATION
IS
BORN H FORM OF
CZECHOSLOVAKIA
Professor Masaryk Notified
He Has Been Chosen Presi
dent of Republic of Eleven
Million People
could ii(t renew the war even if s':ie
wanted to."
Representative- Good of Iowa: "By
far, the terms are the most strin.uont
ever imposed on a defeated country."
Senator Lodj; of Massachusetts,
ranking republican on the foreisn re
lations committee; Senator Hitchcock
of Nebraska, chairman of the senate
foreign relations committee, and other
leaders of both the senate and con
gress, were not In Washington today.
Senator Xorris of Nebraska: "The
armistice terms amotmt to an Micou
ditional surrender."
Speaker (Mark: "The armistice
terms seem to be all-embracing and
most certainly will be satisfactory to
the American people." ,
Democratic Leader Kitchou: "The
terms are entirely satisfactory. Th-.-y
cotild not be better "
SOLDIER RIOTERS
WRECK NEWPORT
inHfC VFCTFDnAV
L?!0 ILu.LI.UHl
FROM MILITARY
STANDPOINT CENTRAL j
POWERS DEFENSELESS
l'n!timiNl finm Pae Four)
Several Persons Injured, In
eluding Major and Guards
Patrol Streets to Enforce
Order
Jt ff- undr the yoke of arbitrary
jverront and who are now coming
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11. The
Czecho-Slovak republic has begun its
existence and the Czechs and Slavs,
How? numbering about ll.OoO.OOo
people, having thrown ofi' the yoke
of Austria-Hungary, become free for
the first time since 1620.
Thomas G. Masaryk, formerly pro
fessor of philosophy at the University
of Pragueand since 1915 prebideut of
the Czecho-Slovak national council,
which was recognized by the United
States and the allies as a de facto
government, has been selected as the
republic's first president. He is now
in Washington and was notified to
day of his selection by the council
which urged him to proceed immedi
ately to Prague to take up further
lormatiou of the new government.
President Masaryk will leave with
in a fortnight. He spent today pre
paring an address to the 2.O00.O0D
Czecho-Slovak residents of the United
States. Before sailing he will com
plete negotiations with the authorities
here for material aid to be given to
the new nation and its armies, one
of which is in Siberia, one in France
and one in Italy.
President Masaryk was informed of
liis selection by a cable message
which said Vice-President Kramarz,
cow in Geneva, would take up his
duties as acting president of Czecho
slovakia. Dr. Edwards Benesh, for
merly of the University of Prague,
who was selected as minister of for
eign affairs, sent the message which
came through the state department by
way of Paris and was dated Novem
ber 6. Dr. Milan Stefanik, a noted
astronomer, who has been at the head
of the Czecho-Slovak army in France,
lias been selected minister of war.
The cabinet is to be completed as
soon as President Masaryk reaches
Prague, which will be the capital.
The dispatch said the general po
litical and social situation in Ito
hemia made necessary his immediate
presence, that he had been given un
limited authority and that rill of the
new government's activities had been
unanimously approved.
CONTR
imoNs
IB
WAR WORK BIG
(P.y Review Lf Wire)
NEW YORK, Nov. 11. Nearly 1000
Salvation Army lassies kneeling today
on the steps of the public library in a
prayer of thanksgiving for victory in
the world war, opened Greater New
York's drive for its quota of $170,500.
Ot'O to be raised in the united war
work campaign this week. Before
night m6re than $S.OO0,OOU in gifts and
pledges had been reported.
As the Salvation Army workers,
many of them in overseas unit'orms,
rose from their devotions, which were
led by Commander Booth, the big
crowd which had turned out to cele
brate victory cheered the workers
and showered them with contribu
tions. Among subscriptions today were
$250,000 each from the American Car
& Foundry company. United States
Rubber company, and Uiah Copper
company; SluO.OUO each from Chino
Copper company and the American Lo
comotive company.
Individual subscriptions included
Charies Hayden, Mrs. Willard
Straight, Mr. and Mrs. Jacob H. Schiff,
$100,000 each; Mrs. William C. Os
boru, Mr. and Mrs. George W. Per
kins, and Mrs. William D. Sloane, $50,
000 each.
(Hv rfvipw leased Wire)
NEWPORT NEWS. Va., Nov. 11.
Riotous scenes attended the celebra
tion here tonight of peace. Thousands
of soidiers and sailors look possession
of the city, wrecking street cars, raid
ing restaurants, breaking plate glass
windows and -building bonfires in the
streets from smashed delivery wagons
and other wreckage. No casualties
were reported.
The city's police department was de
moralized by the celebration. The sol
diers and sailors taking charge of the
cars after driving away the crews. The
men said to be responsible for high
prices for food were said to have been
responsible for the raids on restau
rants. Foodstuffs were carried off
and considerable property damaged.
The soldiers engaging in the demon
stration were from the several embar
kation camps in this city and vicinity.
After the mobs had forced suspen
sion of street car service, the closing
of every business place on the prin
cipal streets and had done thousands
of dollars worth of damage, two com
panies of guard troops were ordered
out and at midnight they were patroll
ing the streets.
The troops have the situation under
control.
A number of people were slightly
hurt. Major Percy Hamilton, who at
tempted to remonstrate with the riot
ers, was struck by a brick thrown by
a sailor. A number of arrests have
been made.
CONGRESS UNIT
IN APPROVAL OF
ARMISTICE TERMS
OPERA IS PATRIOTIC
NEW YORK, Nov. 11. Scenes of
patriotic enthusiasm marked the open
ing of the apera season with the pre
sentation of "Samson et Dalila" at the
Metropolitan opera house.
, After the encores, following the sec
ond act, the curtain parted and the
entire chorus, with Homer, Rothier
and Caruso, led the packed house in
singing "The Star Spangled Banner."
"God ave the King" and the "Marsel
laise." , ; v.
"November,
Breakfasts
PostToasties
(Mads or Coon)
says ,
Save
Suar
and
Wheat
(Continued from Pace One)
watermark in the annals of the jus
tice of English-speaking peoples and
of all the allies. For the future, jus
tice must lead and .not follow suc
cess." Senator Penrose of Pennsylvania
said: "I assume that the armistice
terms are practically effective to
bring . Germany's unconditional sur
render and to disarm her so that she
Do Not Get Careless
With Your Blood Supply
Imparities Invite Disease. .
Ton should pay particular heed to
any indication that your blood supply
is becoming' sluggish, or that there is
a lessening; in its strong" and vital
force.
By keeping: your blood purified,
your system more easily wards off
disease that is ever present, waiting
to'attack wherever there 13 an open
ing-. A few bottles of S. S. S, tha
great vegetable blood medicine, will
revitalize your blood and give yoti
new strength and a healthy, vigorous
vitality. Everyone needs it just now
to keep the system in perfect condi
tion. Go to your drug store and get
a bottle to-day, and if you need any
medical advice, you can obtain it
without cost by writing to Medical
Director, Swift Specific Co., 25 Swift
Laboratory, Atlanta.. Ga.
mm MWJ? WaSSt
. In The "Huts"
Here and over there the American soldier and sailor
find recreation, home and church cheer, school and
college, and the best of club life and the stage.
Not least of the Camp helps is the "eats" provided for the hoys, especially
good things from the homeland. Often a happy group may be seen enjoying
a dish of Crape-Nuts, a delicious and nutritious food that makes thousands
happy every day "at home.
This is War Charities WeeR
Funds for war aid work are being pooled and mobilized to help win the
war for the United States and the Allies.
Help the folks who are helping the fighters at the front.
Subscribe to the Joint Fund
that have settled with self-possession
ti its ordered practice are now about
to make conquest of ihe world by the
s!ir-r iower of example jiiid of friend
ly helpfulness.
The people who have but just come
cu
i gov
at last Into their freedom will never
tiiid the treasures of liberty they ure
in search of if they look for them
j t y i!ie lteht of that lorcu. They will
I lind tuat every path that is stain-J
! witii blood of their own brothers leads
to ihe wildT!.Hss. not It. the seat of
i iheir hope. Thiy are no'v face to
lace with llie;r initial lens. We must
hold the light steady until thy find
themselves. And in the- mean time, if
it" Le possible, we must establish a
peace that will justly define their
place r.raong the nations, remove all
fear of their neighbors and of their
former masters, and enable them to
live in security and contentment when
they have set their own affairs in
order. 1. for one, do not doubt their
purpose or their capacity. Tiiere are
some, happy signs that they know
and will choose the way of self-control
and peaceful accommodation. If they
do, we shall put our aid at their dis
position in every way that we can.
If they do not, we ni'ist await with
patience and sympathy the awakening
and recovery that will assuredly come
at last.
RUSSIA REMAINS 'POOD PRICES NOT ! MOTHERS, DO THIS
OLE FIGHT ZONE TO DROP QUICKLY
THROUGH-WORLD
.
Active Campaign Is to Be
Waged to Bring Hostilities
to Conclusion and Oast the
Bolsheviki
TRAINING SCHOOLS OFF
(Hy Review Leased Wire)
SAX FRANCISCO, Nov. II. All in
structions relative to the holding of
the officers 'training school at Camp
Fremont, California, which was to
have opened December 1 next, have
been revoked, it was announced at
headquarters of the western depart
ment of the army late today. The same
message carried official notification
that all draft calls for "Camps, posts,
stations and school" had been cancelled.
CONSTIPATION
And Sour Stomach Caused This
Lady Much Suffering. Black
Drangbt Refiered.
Meadorsville, Ky. Mrs. Pearl Pat
rlclt, of this place, writes: "I was
very constipated. I had sour stomach
and was bo uncomfortable. I went to
the doctor. He gave me seme pills.
They weakened me and seemed to
tear up my digestion. They would
gripe me and afterwards it seemed
I was more constipated than before.
I heard of Black-Draught and de
cided to try it. I found it just what I
needed. It was an easy laxative, and
not bad to swallow. My digestion soon
Improved. I got well of the sour stom
ach, my bowels soon seemed normal,
no more griping, and I would take a
dose now and then, and was In good
shape.
I cannot say too much for Black.
Draught for It is the finest laxative
one can use."
Thedford'a Black-Draught has for
many years been found of great value
In the treatment of stomach, liver and
bowel troubles. Easy to take, gentle
and reliable in Its action, leaving no
bad after-effects, it has won the praise
of thousands of people who have used
It. . NC-135
(l?y Review Leased Wire)
WASHINCTOX. Nov. 1. Russia,
".till lookc.1 uuon as an unfortunate
friend of her victorious termer allies
in spite of the Ho!: heviki. has upon
her soil all that remains of the world
war.
Allied and Americans troor, ia
conjunction with the Czecho-Slovak
army and the forces of the all -Russian
provisional government at Omsk,
are operating iu Siberia and northern
Russia against the German con
trolled Bolshevik!, who have been de
nounced before the world by the
American government as virtual out
laws. Allied troops first went into
Russia to prevent the stores of muni
tions at Vladivostok' and Murmansk
from falling into the hands of the
Hermans, but later an agreement was
reached between entente and Ameri
can governments to render military
and otiier assistance to the Czecho
slovak forces in Siberia. At about
the same time a joint expedition went
into northern Russia to prevent the
Germans setting control there.
Only recently the all-Ruasian pro
visional government asked the allies
and America, through Presiient Wil
son, for further and immediate assist
ance in oercoining the Bolshevik! and
rehabilitating the Russian nation. So
far as has been announced no action
has been taken on the appeal.
Both here and in the allied capi
tals it is hoped that the removal of
German influence and spirit will
cause a speedy collapse of the Bol
shevik! regime and thus hasten the
time when a stable government with
which the associated nations may deal
will come into power.
TAFT GIVES WARNING.
(By Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO. III.. Nov. 11. Former
President Taft warned people of the
United States in a speech tonight not
to expect their soldier relatives and
friends back from the battlefields of
France within two years because of
the big policing job which will fall
on the shoulders of the United States
following establishment of peace.
In advocating universal military
training, Mr. 'Taft said:
"This war has taught us that it
pays to be prepared and I am in favor
i of military training for the measure
of protection it will, give as well as
the benefits which will come to the
men w.lo take up the army training
course."
(By Review Leased Wtr
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.-Immediate
dropping of food prices as a re
sult of th-i conclusion of an armistice
cannot be expected. Food .Administra
tor lfoover declared tonisht In a state
ment, which adi-l that wahe the
prices of some foodstuffs will de
crease, others will increase.
'With the war effectually over,"
saij Mr.' Hoover, "we enter a new
economic era and Its immediate eift-ci
o.i prices is difficult to anticipate.
The prices of some lood commodities
may increase, but others will decrease
because wit:i liberated shipping ac
cumulated siocks in the southern hem
isphere and the far east will be avail
able. The demands upon the United
States will change in character, bui
not in volume."
All activities of thep food adminis
tration will be continued through the
armistice period, said Mr. Hoover,
adding that "there will be no relaxa
tion of effort -5 to keep down profiteer
ing to the last moment."
"The maintenance of the embargo,"
he continued, "will prevent depletion
of our stocks by hungry Europe below
our necessities and any one who eon
templates speculation in food against
the needs df these people can well lie
warned of the prompt action of the
government."
When the Children Cough, Rub
Musterole on Throats
and Chests
No telling how soon the symptoms may
rieveloD into ctoud. or worse. And then'!
I when you're glad you have a jar of Mu.
I terole at hand to give prompt, sure re
! lief. It does not blister,
j As first aid and a certain remedy,
Musterole ia excellent Thousands of
j mothers know it. You should keep a
. jar in the house, ready for instant use.
It is the remedy xor aauus, wo. Re
lieves sore throat, bronchitis, tonstittist
croup, stiff neck, asthma, neuralgia, head
ache, congestion, pleurisy, rheumatism,
lumbago, pains and aches of back or
joints, sprains, sore muscles, chilblains,
frosted feet and colds of the chest (it
often prevents pneumonia).
30c and 60c jars; hospital size $1501
ROOSEVELT IN HOSPITAL
OYSTER BAY. X. Y.. Not. 11
After suffering great pain for Lie last
ten days from an attack of sciatica.
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt was re
moved today to Roosevelt hospital.
New York to be near his physician.
He has been confined to his bed for
more than a week, but has been as
sured that by going to the hospital
and being under treatment there lie
m ilt be able to get about in a short
i time.
REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF
THE BANK OF BISBEE
AT BISBEE, IN THE STATE OF ARIZONA, AT THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS
NOVEMBER 1, 1918
RESOURCES
Lean and discounts, less due from directors
Due from Directors -
Overdrafts - - -
United Slates Bonds
State, County and Municipal Bonds
Other Bonds. Stocks, Securities, etc -
Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures
Real Estate - -
Specie - "
Legal Tender and National Bank Notes - -
Exchanges for Clearing -
Other Cash Items -
Due from State and National Banks, Approved
Reserve Agents - - 1.
Due from State and National Banks, not Reserve
Agents
Assets not included under above heads, viz:
Mexican money, gold value
Internal Revenue Stamps -
War Savings Stamps
I1.641.817.S9
None
3.304 53
927,779.35
166.625.64
142.115.15
35.306.03
5.198.97
74.793.38
15S.3U0.00
5,058.80
None
066.165.43
43.074.27
Total
AMERICANS STAKE LINES.
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
FRANCE, Nov. 11, 2 p. m. (By the
Associated Press.) The line reached
by the American forces at 11 o'clock
today was being staked out this aft
ernoon
The Germans, however, fired a few
shells into Verdun just before 11
o'clock.
REVIEW WANT AC3
BRING RESULTS
Only One-twelfth
of the Country's
Sugar Goes
Into Candy!
THE
TRUTH
ABOUT
CANDY
LIABILITIES
Capital Stock paid in
Surplus - -
Undivided Profits, Less Current Exp. and Taxes and
Interest paid , -
Individual Deposits subject to check 2
Savings Deposits - -
Demand Certificates of Deposit
Time Certificates of Deposit -
Certified Checks -
Cashier's checks outstanding
Due State and National Banks .
Net Amount Due on Liberty Loan Subscriptions
Reserve for Taxes and Interest ': -
$1,347,451.88
4.391.85
5S.24
1.406.45
J4.275.455.9S
$ 50.000.00
50.000i00
176.434.18
.692.280.70
8S8.050.19
3.155.00
93.751.43
257.140.07
13,296.24
15.592.99
3.9i53.266.62
1.397.2'i
34.357.93
84.275.455.9S
Total ..
State of Arizona, County of Cochise, ss.
I, C. S. THOMPSON, Cashier of the above ramed bank, do solemnly swear
that the above statement is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
C. S. THOMPSON.
Cashier.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th day of November, 1918.
T. A. HUGHES.
Notary Public.
My Commission expires March 4, 1920.
(Correct Attest) " B. B. ELLIXWOOD.
M. J. CUNNINGHAM.
Directors.
REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF
The Miners & Merchants Bank
AT BISBEE, IN THE STATE OF ARIZONA, AT THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS
NOVEMBER 1, 1918
Do you realize that this is only 8 per cent
of the total amount of sugar used
in normal times? And now this amount
has been cut squarely in two.
Such a small amount if divided equally among the American people
would give each person less than one-third of a pound of sugar a
month in addition to what they now receive.
When a pound of sugar goes into candy Its food value is in no way
lessened, but greatly increase-. The sujar is not wastd or destroyed,
but is converted with other ingredients such as nuts, fruits, etc, into
a larger and more palatable and very healthful form of food.
One pound of good standard quality chocolate creams has twice the
food -ful value of a pound of beefsteak and three times that of .a
pound of eggs.
The U. S. Food Administration knows the high food value of candy. It
also knows that the canf-y industry is a large one and deserves pro
tection for its 200,000 employes (mostly women) and S11P.000.000 of
capital invested, just the same as any other industry.
You can eat candy and still be patriotic if you eat it moderately and
use care in selection. Be careful not to wast1 it so that all may have
their shar.-u
THE CANDY INDUSTRY OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA AND ARIZONA
RESOURCES
Loans and Discounts, less due from Directors..
Due from Directors
Overdrafts 1...
United States Bonds
State, County and Municipal Bonds
Otner Bonds, Stocks. Securities, etc
Banking House, Furniture and Fixtures
Real Estate ..
Specie -
Legal Tender and National Bank Notes
Exchange for Clearing
Other Cash Items
Due from State and National Panks, Approved Re
serve Agents v....
Due from State and National Banks, not Reserve
Agents
War Savings and Thrift Stamps
24.503.75
79.829.00
1S.4SS.50
653.29
912.109.89
8.S72.82
81.S46.83S66
None
30.231.52
612.149.00
150.000.00
237,749.86
1.00
3 00
Total
. ' LIABILITIES
Capital Stock Paid in
Surplus i
Undivided Profits, Less Current Exp. and Taxes
and Interest paid
Individual Deposits subject to check $2,869,121 01
Time Deposits - 655.090.05
81.044.457.25
4.643.00
$3,946,072.29
$ 50.00000
100.000.00
197.944 3S
BUY W. S. S.
Time Certificates of Deposit
Certified Checks
Cashier's check outstanding ..J..
Due State and National Banks
Dividends Unpaid
Reserve Tax Funds
Reserve Interest Acct
23.073.50
85911
14.781.12
1S.556.92
$3,581.47971
150 0C
4.006.70
12.491.52
Total $3,946,072.29
State of Arizona. County of Cochise, ss.
I P. M. Buckwalter. Cashier of the above named bank, do solemnly swear
that the above statement Is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
P. M. BUCKWALTER..
' Cashier.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th day of November, 1918.
P. H. TITZPATRICK.
Mv comnjiffton expires Fb. 29, 1929.
(Seal)
9
Correct Attest
Notary Publie
L- C. SHATTUCK.
JOS. M. MTHEIM.
L, J. OVERLOCK.
M rectors. X '
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1918.
SEVEN
1 X
1
i
6
5
i
i
i
m
ft
I
DAILY REVIEW WAN! ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisement muBt reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in next morning's paper.
Fynale Hlr Wanted
WANTED Chambermaid. Apply Stag
club. 695
WANTED A competent maid for
family of two. Phone 756. 634
Positions Wanted
WANTED Girl for housework. Apply
Mrs. Emil Marks, Clawson avenue,
Bisbee. 236
For Rent
FOR RENT Housekeeping
ments, Mason hill car stop,
yellow house on corner.
apart-
Large
969
FOR RENT One three room partly
l-.nished modern house. 208
t.k Knob View street, Warren.
967
FOit RENT Housekeeping tent, wa
ter and light free, $10. Loma 39
Laundry canyon. 971
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms
across second track from Lowell de-
pot 56 Upper LowelL 636
FOR RENT Two nice rooms for light
housekeeping, $18. Light and water
furniBhed. No. 16 Tank hill, third
house from Brophy's. 632
FOR RENT $20, dandy new three- J
room and porch bungalow. Highland
Park. Electric light and plenty wa- j
ter free. Uncle Jim's, Brewery ,
Gulch.. : 633 ,
FOR RENT Two room furnished
house, $15 month. ' Large lot, chick
en and rabbit pens, well of good wa
ter, no hills to climb, close to car
line. Chickens for sale. Inquire at
Review o'ffice or address Box 22D7,
Bisbee. . 637
FOR RENT One large furnished tent
house for light housekeeping. 24
Upper LowelL 654
"FOR RENT Three room apartment
completely .furnished. Call Eiliotte
house. 66b
FOR RENT Batching rooms. Mrs.
Lewis, Tombstone canyon, around
Castle Rock. . 628
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 23 Montana street,
Johnson addition. 579
FOR RENT Four room' furnished
apartment, no children, to perma
nent tenant. Call evenings or Sun-
: day, 51 Jiggerville. See Mrs. Han
lnger, P. D. store, Lowell. 676
FOR RENT A four and
a two room
570
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
FOR RENT Two furnished house- From $2 up. All corsets carefully
' keeping rooms. Apply Mrs. A. Bajer, fitted. Ines Warburton, next An-
Bauer hill. 519 xona Grocery fetore. Upper Main.
. . 2g2
FOR RENT .Two large furnished '
front rooms, housekeeping if de- WANTED Clean, white cotton rags,
sired. Vista street, Warren. Phone Bisbee Review office. tf
791. 387 :
W Kills; TO "Y. M. C. A. bcnooi, uut
FOR RENT Garage, Tombstone can- juigeies,-' aooui auio, nauio, uom-
yon, second house to right of Mason uierciai ana engineering courses
avenue car stop. dh iram tor service. zos
i n BUNDLES OF OLD PAPERS At the
For Sale Review office. Large bundles, price
FOR SALE OR RENT Foun room .
house with screened porch, at a sac- , , .
rifice. For intormation inquire 173 LOST Black lynx fur in front of Cop-
Naco road. Holbrook stop. 701 QUeen hotel. Return to Review
FOR SALE-Cheap for cash, fixtures and receive reward. 702
21 room boarding house doing good LOST Bunch of keys on a ring, in
business. 44 Jiggerville. Phone poStoffice. Return to Walter Hub-
970 bard, Palace undertaking parlors.
FOR SALE Three room house and t
furniture, O. K. street. Inquire I. W LOST-Between telephone office and
A allace. ' 650 Castlo Rock, diamond bar pin. Re-
FOR SALE One Stuuebaker Six sev- "ura to Dorothy Davis, telephone ot-
en-passenger. Inquire Moose hotel. tice, and receive reward. 613
FOR SALE Laying hens and pullets,
all breeds. Write us your require
ments. Phoenix Seed & Feed com
pany, Phoenix, Ariz. 616
FOR SALE Four room house with
- bath, toilet and two porches. J. E.
T, 47' Johnson addition. 484
FOR SALE Goodyear shoe shop, also
stock. Good business. Leaving
town on account of sickness. 569
FOR SALE on reasonable terms,
best board and rooming house in
Bisbee. Apply Box 2291. 53
FOR SALE Five room house with
bath. Warren. Little Bridge stop,
apply Whitmer. 663
FOR SALE Four room house with
. bath furnished, including piano and
machine, in Warren, three doors
from car barn on Hazzard street.
Cau be seen all day Sunday and aft
er 4:30 during week. . 635
FOR SALE Good second hand late
1915 model twin cylinder three speed
Indian motorcycle. Cheap. Sec
- Philip Engasser, gas plant, Johnson
addition. , 638
FOR SALE Two Ford trucks, one
Ford roadster, two five-passenger
Fords, one five-passenger Overland,
one light oldsmoblle, one seven-passenger
Studebakcr, one Chevrolet.
Will give liberal terms, drop a postal
and I will call and tell you what I
have. Box 607, Bisbee. 641
FOR SALE Six rooms and a sleeping
porch, lot 70x140, corner Briggs ana
Campbell avenues, Warren. Phone
779. 075
FOR SALE Piano, almost new. 17i,
bargain; also furniture of three
rooms. Owner ' leaving soon. 46
Mason hill. 577
FOR SALE One modern five room
house with bath with or without
furniture. Ixjtated CUwson ave
nue. See F. E. Coles, Pbtlps Dode
store. 4-7
For Sale
FOR SALE The Pressure Cooker.
Phone 734 for cookers or demonstra
tion. Bisbee Mattress Works. 152
FOR SALE Ranch, 160 acres, all
feneed, patented windmill, plenty oi
water for Btock, a four room house,
a mile and a half from Lee station,
11800. Inquire Box 1695, Bisbee. 102
FOR SALE Bundles ot old papers at
the Review office. Large bundles,
price 25c
miscellaneous
i HOTIO. lei soN-i Main street. -none
559. Exceptionally clean, quiet,
nicely furnished rooms. Special
rates to permanent guests. 475
AMERICAN HOME MADE BEER
Not a near beer, nor substitute, but
a genuine beer made in the home.
Simple, easy to make. Get the recipe
by America's foremost brewmaater.
Send 10 cents for mailing, E. J.
Weston, 208 1-2 East Ninth street,
Los Angeles. 666
SCECOND HAND CLOiHfcS BougnL
Phone 739. Cltv Dye Works. 604
BUY YOUR XMAS GOODS DOLLAR
WEEK At the Racket Jewelry
store. Brewery Gulch, and save
money. 539
MADAM CLARK
The WELL-KNOWN CLAIRVOYANT.
If you are In trouble ot any kind
unhappy, not satisfied in life, have
domestic, 'love or business troubles
you will be told haw to overcome
them all. My record for successful
work during the past year is as fol
lows:
Reunited 163 couples.
Brought about 237 'marriages..
Located two buried treasures.
Located 27 absent persons .
Overcome 220 rivalB.
Removed 37 evil influences.
Whatever your trouble is, I dan help
you.
MADAM CLARK
Hours: 10 a. m. to 8 p. m., daily.
Golden Hotel, Room 15. 631
LIBERTY BONDS BOUGHT We pay
the following prices, any amount
bought ($50 to $50,000): lit 2 pet
complete, $102; 2d 4 pet. complete,
96; 3d 4Vi, complete $96; 4th 4 pet.
complete $94. Send same by
registered mail or by express.
Remittances returned same day.
Reference, Dun or Bradstreets
or any banking company. United
Stock & Bond Co., 414 Geary SU
San Francisco. 41u
LOST Lady's watch with short fob
chain. Name on back, Rosie. Re
turn to Review. 651
LOST Ebony beads. Return to War
ren Drug company for reward. 667
Wanted
WANTED About November 20, a
three room furnished house, Bisbee
preferred. Permanent tenants, no
children. State terms. Box 136S,
Bisbee. - 697
WANTED Gentleman wants furnish
ed room or room with board in War
ren. Apply C X, care Review. 651
WANTED To buy, a small second
hand trunk. Apply L. H., care Re
view. 640
WANTED Four or five room house
furnished, close in. Apply A. J.,
care Review. 617
WANTED To buy, a second hand
trunk, medium size preferred. Ap
ply C. S., care Review. 639
WANTED About 1500 head of goats
on shares, or buy half interest. Can
use a good ranch if you have it, if
not I have an extra good one. L. A.
Knape, Bisbee, Ariz. . 621
WANTED Minnie V. Williams call
Phone 229, 5:30 p. iu. 546
WANTED 1000 shoppers to buy $5
articles for $1. Racket Jewelry store.
Brewery Gulch. 54u
WANTED Double headed hardwood
barrels in good condition. We will
pay $1.50 each delivered at our
ninrkefs In Bisbee or Lowell or at
our slaufihter house. E. A. Tovrea
& Co. 432
WANTED House, four rooms or more
unfurnished, Bisbee or Warren. Ad
dress, "G" care Reviuw. tf-dh
WANTED Clean rags,
lice.
Kevlew of-
dh tt
Business Chances.
BRANCH MANAGER WANTED For
old established Chicago concern.
We furnish full stock of goods, ad
vertising matter, and equip
store completely in good loca
tion all to our expense and pay
you $40 a week salary, in addition
to liberal share of the profits your
store earns. Work can be started in
spare time. No investment or prev
ious experience necessary to secure
this position. It you are a huBtler
and want an opportunity to make
$5000 to $16,000 a year we want you
and will pay you well from the start.
Send me your application today. S.
Levy, Mgr., Department 599, Como
Bldg., Chicago. 111. 665
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per
sonal note to salaried men and wo
men, also on furniture. Cox Loan
company, Room 7, Sparks Kline
building. 166
Legal Notices
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(023139)
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 6, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Daniel
McGowan, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on August 19, 1913, made Desert Land
Entry, No. 023139, for 3. W. N. E.
hi, 3. E. N. W. , N. W. U S. E. tt,
N. E. Vt S. W. tt. Section 7, Township
24 S., Range 22 E., G. & S. R. B. &
Meridian, has filed notice of Intention
to make final purchase proof under
Act 3-4-15, to establish clafmto the
land above described, before Jared D.
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 14th day of November,
1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James L. Brooks, of Bisbee, Arizona.
Charles McGowan, of Bisbee. Ari
zona. ' Dayton L. Graham, sr., of Bisbee.
Arizona. - i
Dayton L. Graham, Jr., of Garces,
Arizona.
141 JOHN L. IRVTN. Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
023275027394
Department of the Interior '
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Pearl E.
Voorhees, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on September 5, 1913, made Home
stead Entry No. 023275 for the S.E. tt.
Sec. 28. Tp. 22-S., R. 21-E., and on May
11, 1915, made additional Homestead
Entry, No. 027394, for S.E. i N.E. 'A,
Sec. 28, W. N.W. tt. Sec. 27, Town
ship 22 S.. Range 21-E., G. & S. R. B. &
Meridian, has filed notice ot intention
to make three year proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 11th
day ot December, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A. Lyth,
Albert J. Voorhees; both tit Here
ford, Arizona.
John E. Nelson, of Bisbee, Arizona.
Louis A. Boedecker, of Turner,
Arizona.
607 JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
First publication November 9, 1918.
Last publication December 8, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
026913028826
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Albert
Voorhees, of Hereford, Arizona,
who. on March 15. 1915. made Home
stead Entry, No. 026913, for W. tt NE-
tt. S. tt N.W. , Sec. 26, S. tt N.E.
S.E. Vi N.W. tt. Section 27. and on
November 17, 1915, made additional
Homestead Entry, No. 028S26, for N.E.
tt N.W. . Section 27. Township 22-S,
Range 21-E., G. & S. R. B. & Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
three year proof, to establish claim to
the land above described, before Jared
D. Tajior, U. S. Commisisoner, at Bis
bee, Arizoua, on the 11th day of De
cember, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A. Lyth,
Pearl E. Voorhees, both of Hereford,
Arizona.
Louis A. Boedecker, of Turner, Ari
zona.
John E. Nelson, of Bisbee, Arizona.
609 JOHN' L. IRVIN. Register.
First publication November 9, 1918.
Last publication December 8, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(023942)
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizoua,
October 5, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that James
E. Tomblinson, of Garces, A-izona.
who, on Dec. 11, 1913, made Home
stead Entry, No. 023P42, for E. s W.
tt N- E. tt S. E. tt. Section 23, Town
ship 23 S., Range 20 E.. G. & S. R. B.
& Meridian, has filed notice of inten
tion to make five year proof, to estab
lish claim to the land above described,
before W. A. Fowler, U. S. Ccminis-
sioner, at Tombstone, Arizona, on the
12th day of Noveuiber, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
G. J. McCabe and Milton Clark, both
of Hereford, Arizona.
W. L. Aston and H. W. Clarkson,
both ot Garces, Arizona.
i46 JOHN L. IRVIX. Register
fjOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF
SOUTHWESTERN RAILROAD
COMPANY.
Notice is hereby given that a spe
cial meeting ol stocknoiilers of Kl
Paso &. Southwestern Railroad com
pany will be held Ht the principal of
fice of the company in Hishoe. Cochise
county, Arizona, on Wednesday, the
4lh day of December, IMS, at two
o'clock p. m. for the purpose of elect
ing directors to serve until the next
annual meeting of stockholders, or un
til tbeir successors are elected auj
qualified, and also for the purpose of
considering and acting upon a resolu
tion U approve all of the acts of the
officers and directors of said company
o...c3 the last annual meeting thereof.
il.ii meeting is called by stockhold
ing ci record of said El Paso & South-
! western Railroad company who own
mure than one-mira oi tne issued and
outstanding capital stock thereof, said
cail duly signed by said stockholders
being on file ia my office.
GEORGE NOTMAN.
Secretary of Ei Paso & Southwestern
Railroad Company. 5a9
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
019126
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, 1918.
Notice is hereby given tuat William
Ryan, of Hereford, Arizona, who, on
September 6, 1912, maiie Desert Land
Entry, No. 01J12G. lor N.E. S.E. tt.
'i tt N.E. tt. Sec. 7, N.W. 4 N.W. tt.
Section 8, lowuship 21 S., Range
22-E., G. & S. K. B. & Meridian, has
filed notice of intention to make final
proof under the Act ot Manti 4, 1915
Purchase Clause to establish claim
to the land above described, before
Jared D. Taylor, V. S. Commissioner,
at Bisbee, Arizoua, on the 10th day of
December, 1918. ' .
Claimant names as witnesses:
Angus Gillis,
James Deianey, both of Bisbee, Ari
zona. Ben Morgan,
Dayton L. Graham, jr., both of
Garces, Arizona.
608 JOHN L. IHVIN, Register.
First publication November 9, 1918.
Last publ. cation December 8, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(026401)
Department of the Interior
ti. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 5, 131S.
Notice is hereby given that Minnie
Duffy, of Den Lois, Arizona, who, on
January 2, 115, made Homestead
Entry, No. 026-l.U, for Lots 6 & 7, S. H
S. W. tt. N. W. tt S. W. tt. Section 29,
Township 23 S., Range 24 E., G. & S.
R. B. & Meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make three year proof, to
establish claim to ths land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commisisoner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 12th day of November, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Carl Fuller, of Don Luis, Arizona.
Lloyd L. Stewart, of Don Luis, Ari
zona.
Thomas J. Spaulding, ot Bisbee, Ari
zona.
Harry L. Grenard, of Lowell, Ari
zona.
944 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
012722.
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Otfice at Phoenix, Ariz.
, November 2, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Albert
Gattrell, of Sunniside, Arizona, who,
on December 30, 1910, made Home
stead Entry, No. 012722, for H. E. S.,
No. 203.
A tract ot land described by metes
and bounds, as follows: Beginning at
Corner No. 1 from whence U. S. L. M.
No. 200 H. E. S. bears N. 29 degs. 13'
E. 62.09 chains.
Thence S. 49 degs. IS' E. 6.99 chains
to Cor. No. 2.
Thence S. 25 degs. 43' W. 42.24
chains to Cor. No. 3.
Thence S. 73 degs. 19' W. 17.0b
chains to Cor. No. 4.
Thence X. 20 degs. 58' E. 14.30
chains to Cor. No. 5.
Thence N. 35 degg. 21' E 41.S8
chains to Cor. No. 1. the place of be
ginning, containing 53.26 Acres In ap
proximate Sections 15 and 16 (uusur
veyed) Tp. 23-S., R. 19-E.. or the G. &
S. R B. & Meridian. Arizona, in tne
Coronado National Forest has filed no
tice of intention to make five year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before W. A. Fowler,
U. S. Commissioner, at Tombstone,
Arizona, on the 11th dar of Decem
ber, 1918. ,
Claimant names as witnesses: '
George W. Parker, of Sau Rafael,
Arizona.
Lucy Langford, of Suunyside, Ari
zona. Lewis K. Mclntyre, of Parker Can
yon, Arizona.
Gustavo J. Peterson, of Sunnyside,
Arizona.
610 JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
First publication November 9, 1918.
Last publication December 8, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(02C789)
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Thoenix, Arizona,
October 5, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Isaac E.
French, of Hereford, Arizona, who, on
Feb. 18. 1915, made Homestead Entry,
NV 0267S9. for N. tt. Section 2o,
Township 22 S., Range 21 E., O. & S.
R. B. & Meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make three year proaf, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, beforo Jaiod D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizoua, on
the 131 h day of November, 1918.
Claimant names ts witnesses:
Sherman J. Reals
Jacob J. Karleu.
Alfred Bailey.
William A. Lyth, all ot Hereford,
Arizona.
915 JOHN L. IRVIX, Register
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at I'hoinii, Arizona,!
October 19, 1918. j
Notice is hereby Riven tuat Manuel j
Luminal.!, of Carers. Arizona, who,
on September 29, Ml;,, nude Home
stead entry. No. Oliii iti. for S '.. .V W
!'4. X 'i S W. . Seitiou SI. Tow u
,shi. 2S H . Pant;.' 21-E... G. s. 11. 11.
:& .Meridian. Iihs filed notit e of inten-j
(tlon to make Three Year proof, to es-1
!tab!ifh cliliu to tllt lnud above
isuibed, before Jared D. Tujlor, U. S.
PVT. LUKE THAYER
MUCH DECORATED
YOUNG MARINE
RIBBONS AND MEDALS FOR GAL
LANTRY IN ACTION AND SERV
ICE COME NATURALLY TO THIS
BOY JUST TURNING NINETEEN
YEARS OF AGE
PARIS. Sept. 22, (Correspondence
of the Associated Press.)- The tnly
decorations worn by Pvt. Luke Thay- j
er, jr., of the United States marines
up to two years ago were those re
ceived about his optics when he set
tled his disputes in the good old Yan
kee way.
Today, Luke who is a trifle over 19
years old, wears three campaign ni
bons, a croix de guerre with a palm,
two wound stripes and two other
stripes indicating a year's service in
France.
Incidentally he is wearing half a
dozen scars from boche shrapnel and
bullets.
Luke is the son of the chief of police
of Georgetown, Pa. He was living at
170T Arch street, Philadelphia,' when
a recruiting poster caught his eye
and he decided to see the world
through the medium of the United
States Marine' corps travel agency. By
stretching his five feet six to the fuil
limit and by locking the recruiting of
ficer In the eye without blushing while
he swore be was within the legal age
limit for enlisting. Luke got into the
"Soldiers of the Sea."
The story of Luke's adventures
since that date came out in this city 1
when, while convalescing in a large BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
military' hospital, he got permisison to YEOMAN
visit the headquarters of the Knights Richard I, Homestead 896, meet sec
ot Columbus so that he could obtain ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
free smokes and entertainment. He j v'ch ball. Visiting Archers are cor
got both and I got his story. dlally invited.
Wilhln . n.nnthe after I.llL-n PIlJ MRS. C. C. FINLAYSON.
........ v' " I
listed he earned his first campaign
ribbon by helping to impress the
might ot Uncle Sam on some of the
natives of San Domingo. A jaunt to
Haiti was next in order where he ac
quired another ribbon. j
It was at Belleau woods that Luke
earned the right to wear the war cross
with a palm. A detachment of the
marines was with a French regiment
at the time. On a little hillock well
camouflaged by a clump ot bushes,
two German machine guns were spit
French and the marines. Twelve vol
unteers were called for to storm the
two nests, and Luke was one of the 12.
The 12 divided into two bodies, but
of the five with Luke only one got
as far as the objective with him. The
others were either killed or wounded.
Three crenades well Placed by the boy
from Pennsylvania finished up the j
crew of the gun he was after.
Over on the other part of the hillock
Luke noticed his "pals" were having
a-tougtwtiuve. He turned the gull he
had captured on the Germans still
fighting with the other "bullet spit
ter" and not only finished them quick
ly, but routed a counter attack made
by about 30 of the boche. Aid arrived
a little later, but before that time frag
ments of a shell had put Thayer out of
action temporarily. Since that time
he's recovered enough to have had the
war crosB pinned on him, and he's hap
py, for the surgeons have told him
he'll get back into action soon.
"This wouldn't be such a bad old I
war," said Thayer, "if only those
French generals wouldn't insist on
kissing a guy when they pin a medal j
on him." j
mm MORALGIA !
i
; ATTACMS fffiSVES
Cloaca L!i.. c-tters
the corner:.:';: ad
A little, applied villMut ruUt':
penetrate immediately ad r--:
, win
and
soothe tlie nerves.
Sloan's Liniment Is very e:7o t!ve in
allaying external pains, strains, bruises,
aches, 6tiil joints, sore muscles, luraba
go, neuritis, sciatica, rheumatic twinges
Kecp a big bottle always on hand
for family use. Druggists everywhere.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 26th day of November, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James F. Kelly, of Garces, Arizona.
Charles A. Martin, bf Lowell, Ari
zona. William Ryan, ef Hereford, Arizona.
George L. Dunn, of Stark, Arizona.
. ' JOHN L. IRWIN. Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(021063
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October u, 1913.
Notiie is hereby giveu that Lloyd L.
Stoaurt, of Don Luis. Arizona, who, on
Ju::uary lo. 1914, uiadu Homestead
Kii'ry. No. t2tii6.:. Tor Lets 1. 2. 3 and
4. S. V? N. W. Section 29, Township
2X S.. Range 2t K. (',. t S. U U. &
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make throe year proof, to establish
rlaiin to thu land ;'.lioe described, bo
fore Jared i. Taylor, I. K. Commis
sioner, at Ilisbti, Arizona, ou the 12th
day ot November, 111 S.
Claimant names as wilnmses:
Carl Fuller, of Den Luis, Arizona.
Minnie Dully, of Don Luis, Arizona.
Thomas J. Spaulding, of Ilisbee. Ari
zona. Harry L. Cicujid. ol Lowell, Ari
zona
9U JOHN L. IRVIN, Uefcister.
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal crder in the Warren District; giving tie essential
facts of oacb, their meeting nights, their o'ficera Mid Ue place of gather
lng will be found until r tbeir respective heading ia these columns.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 713.
LO.O.M.
Meets every Friday
night, Moose Hall.
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
R. I. GLEASON,
Dictator.
BISBEE LODGE NO.
10. I. O. O. F.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellow?' Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cord. ally Invited to attend.
Hail ptu.ne 113.
G A. PLUNK ETT. N. G.
LEAVER EUSTACE, Sec'r.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily 1 eniple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening ot each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially inviteu.
MINNIE BLUM. M. E. C.
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE. M. of R. C.
Box 1475
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
r No. 175. F. O.
E., meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, 8 p. m
Eagles' Hall.
Visitors cor
dially wel
come.
Presdenl".
J. F.
WILMOTH.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. U EDMUNDSO.V; Aerie Physician
J.' L , , Urw 11.:
E. D. STINSOX.
Correspondent, Bex 1496.
WEEK ENDING NOVEMBER 16, 1913
Monday
Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday
W. W. GIDLEY. W M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y. F. & A. M.
J. W. TO LAND, E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
OR EADN AUGHT
L. O. L. NO. 210.
meets in I. O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY - at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
Invited to at
tend. VVM. T. SMITHAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches. Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE :: BREWERY GULCH
City Dye Works
Cleaning and Pressing
Phone 739
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE"
m. vweno, mgr., uaKervmo
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES &40and 50.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
O K ST.
cf -.;.
DDER
i,. t i. j:- i -
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. U
Knights of Pythia
meets each Tuesday
(except second! in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7: So
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially invited.
v
H.
W.
E. WOOTON. C. U
E. McCALLUM, K. of R. 3.
LODGE NO. 671
day of each month. Visiting brothers
Regular meeting first and third Frt
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON, Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
! second and fourth Tuesday at 7:20
p. m., Fianish Hall.
D. C. SAXBY, C. C.
O. B. THO.MA3, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
OPOER OP EASTERN STAR
meets In Masonic hall
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday ot each
mouth at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43. Bisbev
MRS. JESSIE BEVAX. Sec'y, P. 0-
Cox 2239. Chairman Relief Com
Phone 161.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Mtets in L O. O. F.
Hall First and Third
Saturdays. V i s 1 1 1l
brothers welcome.
S. F. BEXTOX. Councillor.
F. M. WILLIAMS, Rec. Secy.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
If, iMsuea ioage na.
M 42 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
yjTr 7-so at Medina.
-J vichHall. VU-t.
ing membeta cordially laviied.
B. F. MOSS, President.
MRSi C. E. F1NOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
HONORA MUNCH, Secretary.
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
tNfc-"1r5:r Bisbee Camp No. 13416.
jieets 11 naiuruajf
Uedigovich Halt
iL L. MOTZ. ConscL
J. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
r
GH.H0GAR
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
- REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H.H0GAN
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Streel
Fhcne 20 Box 1129
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish yuu an rstrmatc
on that job on short notice
im EIGHT
THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 191S.
City Briefs
Has anyone visited yon? Or
have you entertained? If bo, call
The Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
FUNERAL OF MISS RUTLEDGE.
The funeral or Miss Gwendolyn Rut
ledge was held . Monday afternoon
from the Palace undertaking parlors.
MRS. HAWLEY RECUPERATING.
Mrs. .C. F. Hawley has recovered
from an attack of influenza und is
able to be up and about.
LIBRARY OPENS TONIGHT.
The copper yueen iiurnry uoi
open until 6 o clock tonigat on ac -
count of the renovation which hag not
yet been completed.
FROM TOMBSTONE.
Patsy Holland of Tombstone, has
been in the city for the past few days
on a visit to his mother, who is ill at
the hpine of her daughter, Mrs. Harry
Hazelwood, at Warren.
TAKING IN CELEBRATION.
Quite a number of the citizens of
Tombstone were in the city yesterday
to take in the celebration. They start
ed over to take in the dances and re
turned home at a laf hour.
COPPER QUEEN GUESTS.
Ed Moore, El Paso; J. C. Glenn,
Cananea; Mr. and Mrs. C. V. Miller.
Tombstone; Mr. and Mrs. W. A.
Wamble, Phoenix; Mrs. L. Hresten.
Tombstone.
ON BUSINESS.
Porter McDonald, deputy livestock
inspector, was in the city yesterday,
from his headquarters in Tombstone.
He reports that Tombstone was ar
ranging to have a celebration when he
left there.
THROUGH TO DOUGLAS.
I County Attorney John F. Ross and
his assistant, Maurice Bloomenthal,
were in the city yesterday on their
way to Douglas where they were call
ed on business connected wifh that
office.
HERE ON FURLOUGH.
Sgt. Edward Miller, who has come
here from San Antonio, Tex., to at
tend the funeral of Miss Gwendelen
Rutledge, held yesterday afternoon,
will leave Friday morning to resume
bis duties at Camp Travis.
DIES OF PNEUMONIA.
G. C. Knight died yesterday morn
ing at the Copper Queen hospital fol
lowing an illness of pneumonia. He
Is survived by a wife residing in this
city and a father living in Texas, who
has been informed of his death.
NEW TELEGRAPH OPERATOR.
G. W. Wllkenson has arrived here
from Globe, to take the place of Frank
A. Scow, former telegraph operator
for the Review, who resigned his posi
tion Saturday and left for El Paso
Sunday morning.
I
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS.
The foUowiaif undelivered telegrams
are at the Western Union: Thurman
Roberts, Mrs. Joseph H. Rouse, Albert
Strobel, Mrs. Harry Dutton, . Tim
Foley, Walter Forwood, D. J. Floyd,
Pete Peccola, Geo. H. Wiley, Mack
Murphy, Kate Mauley, Adam YasilskL
FOR VICTORY BOYS.
"The Victory boys are kindly re
quested to meet this morning at 9
o'clock at the Horace Mann Junior
high school, with their team captains.
The Horace Mann Junior high school
committee is also asked to meet at
the same hour.
HERE VISITING PARENTS.
Neal C. Johnson, ensign. United
States navy, R. F., is in the city visit
ing his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. C.
Johnson. J. C. Johnson is manager of
the B. I. company, having taken the
place of C. S. Thompson, who is now
the cashier at the Bank of Bisbee.
ERNEST CARPENTER WRITES.
Word has been received here by lo
cal friends from Ernest J. Carpenter
stating that he is again in France.
Ernest is well known in the Warren
district and is the eon of A. J. Carpen
ter, a pioneer resident of Arizona, hav
ing also lived in Bisbee for many
years, but who is now in New York
City. Ernest attended school here
(a
'AY CASH
EXTRA
Smooth
$URBANK
ofatoes
i Slightly higher than those of
inferior quality, but you will save
more than the difference.
J. B. ANGIUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration
prior to his enlistment in the navy
branch of the service about two years
ago. During that time he has been
to France several times and also to
South America. He is now captain of
a guns crew and is studying tor en-
trance into Annapolis.
i ,
FOR NEWTON THOMPSON.
The local Red Cross chapter has re
ceived the following from the Pacific
division, with a request to have it ap
pear in the loeal papers: "Newton
Thompson of Bisbee, Ariz., has been
reftiest?d to report to New York for
Red Cross overseas service on No
vember 21."
TONS ARE SAVED.
Thanks to the patriotic co-operation
I of the people of Arizona in responding
j to lne appeiii for tne conservation of
pUs anJ harJ nut snel)s wjth wUich
t0 gUpply tne army wita carDon for
j gag mask8i ,nore than 2u tons of this
material has been collected and is
ready for shipment. This was learned
today from Red Cross and food admin
istration officials who are managing
the campaign.
PNEUMONIA VICTIM.
John F. McFadden died yesterday
of pneumonia at the Copper Queeii
hospital. Mr. McFadden has been in
this city for a short tiraa only, hav
ing recently come here from Hamil
ton, Mo. No arrangements ior funeral
services have yet been made owing
to further word which is expected to
te received from Mrs. McFadden, who
has been informed of the death cf her
husband. Mrs. McFadden resides at
Hamilton, Mo.
CAMPBELL INCREASES
LEAD FOR GOVERNOR
MAJORITY NOW 366
SENATOR FRED COLTER IS RE
PORTED TO BE PREPARING A
LETTER OF CONGRATULATION
ADDRESSED TO HIS SUCCESS
FUL OPPONENT
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Nov. 11. At noon
today Tom Campbell was leading for
governor by 366 with five additional
precincts heard from and only 15
small precincts unreported.
It was reported on the streets of
the capital this morning that Senator
Fred Colter was preparing a letter of
congratulation to Gov. Tom Campbell.
The latest estimate of majorities fol
lows: County Campbell.
Apache (1)
Cochise (x)
Coconino (2) 38
Gila (x)
Graham (x)
Colter.
100
788
765
431
363
Greenlee (x) ..
Maricopa (3) ..
Mohave (4)
Navajo (x) ....
Pima (x)
Pinal (x)
Santa Cruz (x)
Yavapai (x) ...
Yuma
2791
317
23
633
90
' 25
337
Totals 3577
09
Campbell's majority, 366.
(x) Complete.
There are still 15 precincts out but
if Colter carries there by the same ma
jority as Hunt did in 1916 he will only
gain 14 votes.
Precincts Still Out
(1) Apache. One small precinct
out.
(2) Coconino. Fredonia and Long
valley still out In 1916 gave Hunt 24,
Campbell, 2.
(4) Mohave, Moccasin, Burro creek.
Grand Gulch (new), Glen wood, Koe-
hane's ranch. Signal, Willows (new),
LitUefield, Topoc. Short Creek, ML
Trumbell. In 1916 gave Hunt 85,
Campbell 41.
(5) Yuma, Norton. In 1916 gave
Hunt 8, Campbell 2.
BRITISH LOSE BATTLESHIP
(By Review tased Wire)
LONDON. Nov. 11. The British bat
tleship Britannia was torpedoed near
the west entrance to the Straits of
Gibraltar on November 9 and sank
three and a bait hours later, accord
ing to an admiralty announcement to
night Thirty-nine officers and 672
men were saved.
1Z
PAY LE
FANCY
California
Cwt
t
License No. G-16109
si
AMERICAN VICTORY
i 4 . IU 1 . -
4 t s
Premier Clemenceau of France and
The wonderful victory of the
American troops at Chateau
Thierry was the tuminp point in
the world war. Until America's
boj'3 swung into action airainst the
RESTRICTIONS ARE,
MODIFIED 1N-THE
QUARANTINE BAN
50 p-p
BILLIARD HALLS AND
DRINK STANDS ALLOWED TO
OPEN AS USUAL LAST EVENING,
SCHOOLS AND PICTURI
TO OPEN WEDNESDAY
SCHOOLS AND PICTURE SHOWS
County Health Officer Hunt yester- j
day issued orders modifying the :
quarantine restrictions In the Warren
rri -.1... ..t!...l . ,V. V... 1.1 '
ui,.,u.lucu.uawKululucuu,u-.1,1M1)i).
ing of public dances, the opening orifely c( Williams, F. W. Brown of
the soft drink parlors and the billiard St. Johns, Dr. L. A. Burch of Clifton,
and pool halls. Should there be no'Ur- Lacey of Miami, Dr. Wilson of
further spread of the disease and con- i Flagstaff, Dr. Rooney of Yuma,
ditions continue to improve at the rate I Pnysicians Praised
they have in the past few . days the I Present at the meeting of medical
public schools and moving picture ! uen v-'as Governor Hunt, who took
shows will be opened on Wednesday.
Dr. Hunt desired to thank the peo
ple of the Warren district for their
hearty co-operaticn in obeying the
mandates of the quarantine and in but
a very few cases were there any vio
lations. At a meeting held in Phoenix yester
day by a number of prominent doctors
of the state called together by Dr.
Brown the state health officer, the fol
lowing rules and regulations were
adopted and will be put into effect
throughout the state:
Seven Conditions
In order to open up any closed
places, the seven clauses in the reso
lution must be complied with. They
are as follows:
.1 AH streets, yards, alleys, and
all other places in the vicinity must
be cleaned in a thorough .manner.
2. There must be a . thorough
scrubbing with hot water and soap
of all walls, floors, furniture, ceil
ings. 3. Posters must be distributed
and attached to all houses where
there are influenza cases.
4. Posters must be placed in con
spicuous places in all public places
instructing the people against cough
ing, sneezing, kissing, shaking hands
and In all eating places prescribing
that dishes and all utensils used in
cooking, serving food and in eating
must be washed in hot water in a
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets Get
at the Cause and Remove It .
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, the substi
tute for calomel, act gently on the bowels
and positively do the work.
People afflicted with bad breath find
quick relief through Dr. Edwards'
Olive Tablets. The pleasant, sugar
coated tablets are taken for bad breath
by all who know them.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets act gently
but firmly on the bowels and liver,
stimulating them to natural action,
clearing the blood and gently purifying
the entire system. They do that which
dangerous calomel does without any
of the bad after effects.
All the benefits of nasty, sickening,
frriping cathartics are derived from Dr.
Edwards' Olive Tablets without griping,
pain or anv disagreeable effects.
Dr. F. M. Edwards discovered the
formula after seventeen years of prac
tice among patients alTiicted with
bowel and liver complaint, vrith the
attendant bad breath.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets are purely
a vegetable compound mixed with olive
oil; you will know them by their olive
color. Take one or two every nif,'ht fof
a week and note the effect. 13c ;xd 25c
per box. AU druggists.
AT CHATEAU -THIERRY TURNING POINT IN WAR
f. ; i -2v:4
4
" ' If
r
3.
V-
Jf
v
General Mordacq congatulating croup ef
Thierry.
onrushintf Germans at that point
the tide' of battle was in Ger
many's favor. Her army was mov
ing on to Paris and victory. Her
foremost divisions wee within less
prescribed manner after each ser-:
vice.
5. Inspection by competent per-;
sous, who are to report whether;
theso conditions have been complied
with.
6. A general survey against flies j
and fly-breeding places and nit as-!
ures taken to eradicate these. .
; 7. An effort to be made to induce
j everyone to take the influenza vac-
I cine, ai irabi mree mjecuo.is.
win Give Permission
When satisfactory evidence has
been received that all these condi-
ttinna Imva hrpn l oninl.iln ilh .-mil
the reeord shows that the number j
of cas;--s of influenza is decreasing j
permission will be given to reopen i
- i
the closed places,
Among the medial mtn present
at tho meeting were Dr. A. H. Nich-1
0,3 ,ul lIle Maricopa county ooaru oi
-v. v,i ...
board of health; Dr.
Jef-'
occasion to pay due credit to tut
physicians of the state for their un
tiriug and splendid work in the pres
ent epidemic. They gave all of their
service to the people of the state, he
declared, working long hours, go
ing to any 'part of the state where
their services were needed the most.
NATION ASSISTS ALLIES
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11. The
government's policy of continuing
financial assistance to the allies
until their needs are over or peace
is actually signed, was empha
sized tonight by a treasury an
nouncement that a new credit of
$80,000,000 has been granted to
France. This brought the aggre
gate loans by the United States to
that nation to $2,345,000,000 and
the total to all allies $7,812,976,
CG6. )
FATALITY ATTENDS JUBILEE.
(By Review Leased Wire)
OKLAHOMA CITY, Okla., Nov. 11.
A woman was killed and seven other
persons injured, one probably fatally,
in the peace celebration which began
early today and continued almost" 24
hours.
BACK LIKE A
BOARD? IT'S
YOUR KIDNEYS
There's no use Buffering from the
awful agony of lame back. Don't wait
till it "passes off." It only comes
back. Find the cause and stop it. Di
seased conditions of the bladder or
kidneys are usually indicated by stiff
lame back, wrenching pains? lumbago,
sciatica, nervousness, sleeplessness,
tired, worn-out feeling, pain in the
lower abdomen. These are nature's
signals for helpl
Here's the remedy. When you feel
the first twinges of pain or experience
any of these ymptoms, get busy at
once; Go to your druggist and get a
box of the pure, original OOLD MED
AL Haarlem Oil Capsules, imported
fresh every month from the labora
tories in Haarlem. Holland. Pleasant
and easy to take, they almost instant
ly attack the poisonous cerms that are
cloccing up your system and bring
quick relief.
For over 200 years they hnve been
helping the sick. Why not try them?
Sold everywhere by rellablo drurists
in sealed packages. Three slr.es. Mon
ey back if they do not help you. Ask
I for "GOLD MEDAL" and be sure the
name "GOLD MEDAL" Is on the box.
A. - rt
'V
7
J. t M J;
K V . .
,1
it
St
Americans on battlefield at Chateau
than fifty miles of Paris. The
Americans halted the German
drive and turned it back. Then
began the allies' great offensive
which has continued ever since, .
MEXICANS OF THIS
DISTRICT CNTHUSEG
FOR WAR CAMPAIGN
. C. DELGADILLO OF EL FASO AD
DRESSING MEMBERS OF MEX
ICAN COLONY IN THIS CITY AND
VICINiTY IN INTERESTS' OF BIG
CAMPAIGN
Enthusiasm, warm and svnmathetic.
: ha3 ,,een arol:sr,i EIUon tUf Mexican
residents of the Warren district and
else.vhere in southern Arizona in be-
half of the united war work campaign.
through the efforts of J. O. Delgadillo.
of HI Paso. Mr. Delgadillo, who has
charge of the campaign among the
Mexicans in this part of Arizona,
spoke twice yesterday t3 crowds of
several hundred men and women of
who re7oice
the southern reimblic
with the citizens of the United States
i,' rause of their signal victory.
' It was after the first of these meet
ings that Rafael Lopez, a well known
Bisbee resiiie:;t, organized more than
I'iO Mexicans and with them entered
the spontaneous patriotic demonstra
tion which marked the day.
Jlr. DulpaJillo is appointing com-
mittees, circulating- literature and
sending out speakers to aid in the
Siting of funds for the seven organ-
P
las Fired Water
For Attaching
to You)
Range Boiler
iisbec
&s0bsjumi
j jzations which are in charge of the en-
tertainment, instruction and moral
iwelfaie of the allied troops in the
j field?
i In El Paso. Douglas, Clifton and oth
jer places, Mr. Delgadillo has conduct
ed very successful meetings, resulting
; in imietus beitis given the raising of
funds among the Mexicans. He is a
(polished, forceful orator and has a
i vital message for his people which
cannot fail to arouse their interest.
JOHN W. ROSS HAS
BEEN MADE JUSTICE
AND HAS ACCEPTED
J John Wilson Ross, a practicing at
: toiney of this city for a number of
years, and several years ago a candi
i date on the republican ticket fur judge
of the superior court of this county.
! has been tendered the position of as
j sociate justice of the supreme court
of Arizona. He has accepted, having
I wired Governor Hunt yesterday to
' tht effect, according to the state-
! Ross could not be locatel for personal
! confirniation.
. The position offered him is the un-
! expired teim of two months of former
j Justice Alfred K. Franklin, who re-
sicned to accept the federal collector-
ship of the district of New Mexico.
His friends said Mr. Ross was arrang-
ins to U-ave for Phoenix immediately.
I John W. Ross is the brother of He"n
! ry I). Ross, already a member of the
state supreme court.
Business Locals
j CARD OF THANKS
I To the Eaulea lods;e and to all
j friends we wish to extend our thanks
land appreciation for kindness shown
! and sympathy extended in the hour of
i oar sad bereavement in the loss or ,
i husband and brother, Andy Johnson,
i as well as for the beautiful floral tri-
butea to his memory
j Mrs. Andy Johnson,
! " Andy B. Johnson and family,
August Johnson and family,
Otto Johnson and family,
j Oscar Johnson and family,
703 Frank Johnson and family.
CARD OF THANKS
We wish to thank the kind friends
for their sympathy in our recent be- j
: reavement daring the iilness and
' death of our beloved sister, Gwendo-1
lvn Rutledge. !
6!tS MR. AND MRS. JOHN HAWLEY. '
- EAGLE'S CLUB DANCE
First dance of the season given by
the club. Proceeds for the benefit of
the United War Work campaign. At
Eagle's hall. Wednesday, November
13. Harry Long's orchestra. 8:30 p. m.
Admission $1. Ladies free. Adv.
ROCKHILL'S STAGE. j
Blsbe-Tom'ostone. Leaves Bisbee '
Pishee Auto Co., 7 a. o, 1:30 p. ni. 7
Thona Bisbee 5. - Adv.
Dr. Playfair. Osteopath, 98 Mason
ILll, Ma3on car stop. Phoae Blue 647.
Adv. 231
; i
i
L. L. Oilman sells the xsew Edison,
-The ponograph With a Soul.';
rrir.t.r and Paper Hanging
C. J. BRANDT
Box 150
Phone 45S
Richard Glaze, Oph. EXNlT
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted "by the latest method.
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
LOWELL FIREMEN TO
GIVE DANCE TONIGHT
FOR WAR WORK FUND
PROPOSED BALL IN STREETS OF
TOWN FOREGONE IN BEHALF
OF BIG' AFFAIR IN RARK AT
WARREN; MUSIC BY C. 4 A.
BRASS BAND
None in the district is more inter
ested in the success the I'nit ;d
! War Work campaign for funds than
itho members of the 1a. .veil tire de
partment. .A proposal Urnje :n tne
first ' M inh of the great nfcwa about
ti e signing of tiie armistice, that of
holding a pjblic danc? on trte paved
street in 1.0'vell, wa. overruled late
yesterday on acrount of interference
with traffic. Insts-ad, it was decided
, to hold a lis public dan-e at V.'arrea
with tickets ret-iling at $1 each. All
lunds reaiiz-d will be donated to the
u'ar Work campaign
I J- J- -ores, chairman of the corn-
aiittee on arrangements, said last
1 n'iit that while the affair was being
j anaasej fi- hastliy. it WvUld be
I ccnip eti in every ut-tai! and t.ery
e attendlr.a would fiuri-.i'ced a
. jsood time. Oile at tha same time
' their money would yn to a sreat cause.
Mr. Jones and hij i-ominiUee have
arrange 1 for the C. & A. band to f ar
nlfh mitslf ft r tne i!air.'e.
'Ni.f said. Get your u:o:.oy r?ad."
for the man at the pate. Go in ana
have an tlegen? time.
Irs. Jones islisn
WICXREN STUDIO
MAZS
VOICE CUIL3ING. TONE PRO
DUCTION AND THE ART
OF SINGING
From the beginning to the highest
Perfection.
Exponent of Garcia's infallible
voice method, which embodies
style, diction; in French, Italian
and English languages. 4
FREE VOICE TRIAL
Hours. 1:30 to 2:30
Wednesday and Saturday
For appointment call green 721
Chicken Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
FUEL & FEED COSIP'Y
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
PilTir'J A IT
1 uij.i n i:um
or sun Lirrr
hy rhroDt or r.rati th-al r.n i ! n
truutic viikn oii.- d ---r 3 3ii-Jea-.y
ECKJIAK'3 ALTERATIVE
d cf mrk-jd tonic valim hi ai Jtion to
ita rezntdtftl trsalitfca, CnnMin no ai
cWioL, Narcotic or liaoit-I-Vrmms lruj.
$2 ne. iaw $t5X l sin, aw SOc
ftc includes war tax- All drui?"
r1
Heater
m - i
pi 1 (i
& i'
itj ' J
Si f