TWO SECTIONS
Sixteen Pages.
1t4
Associated Press Special Leased Wife Service.
VOL. 20. No. 271.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 21, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
an
44 MISSING AS1
AMERICAN SHIP
IS SUBMARINED
Lake Moor Sunk at Midnight,
of April 11 According toj
Naval Report ; Florence H. !
Explodes in French Port I
cliv IS. -view l.eiis.-l Wire) !
WASHINGTON. April 20. The Atn-i
erican steamship Lake Moor failing :
iinlr i.iaiileii voyage with a naval !
aboard, was sunk by an f nerny ,
submarine in European waters about '
midnight April 11 and five officers and j
31 men are missinc. the navy depart- !
rient announced tonight. Five officers, j
Including Lieutenant Commander ,
Klti. hen J. Powers. I". S. N. K. F.. and j
tvyche e;;li.-ted men have been l::nded I
at an Kugtish p(irt.
The list of missing as announced by
the department follows:
Lieutenant Lewis W. Offult, San
Francisco. a!:f.
Lieutenant Thomas Kirk. Frooklyn,
X. V.
Knsign Soticres Lizikos, Island of
Thassos. Greece.
Assisla.it Pavinaster Claude IV
Kriebel, Iunsdale, Pa.
.Mai iiinist James A. McGolinj",
Woreester. Mass.
Enlisted Men Lost
Knlistcd men: Battle, Joseph.
Hocky Voutit. X. C.; Ilurnk. Prank
William. Sioux Falls, S. 1).; Bush. Wil
!iam F.. l-iinVtic Ter.n.; 'Viassey,
Walter. Providence, R. I.; Cl.ius. Ches
ter Carl. Kast San Iit:o. Calif.; Co
hen. J.i ol Kdel. Hic-'inioiid. Va.; Dar
nell. William Lee, Berkeley. Va.; Fer
guson. Wiiliam Bertil. liuanoke, Va ;
Flood. Francis Roberts. Hannibal, Mo.
Franke. Rheinhold Arniein Otto. New
Tor Ciiy; Griiier. lipy I'!ri h. Bridge
port. Ala.; Mann. Alvin Fairbauk.
atoti.-v ilie Md.; liiller Charles Ber
nard. Philadelphia; Hobbs. Milton j
j-.hsworiii. .va. iiKia.; now enoii.
John iirjamin. Petersburg. Va.; j
Hughe. Kjnruett. hicago; Mueties. .
Fred R.i aiond Porter, RosevUle. Md.; ',
I' r, AVi ixi Fred Wy.l.i.e, Mlrs. S. i
'.; Her-on. Chester M; l-In. SeaM'e . i
Wash.; Johnston, Eugene Ailen, Forts
mcurii. Va.; Klngrev. ij'io Alberf An
drew, (ily.-npia. Wash ; Kirkpa'rick, !
James K-lvard, Greenville. S. C.; Me-!
Intyre. i!.um:s Aiovsu. Philadelphia;
Meai ham. Robert Webster. Hiissfield. j
Vir'i.. N'Ihii. C. A. Eugineman. un.j
known: Ohlhan,. Charles Francis. El-I
ko. Xev.: lUUcli'fe, Cleland Kinlock.j
Pichmond. Va.: Ryan. Joseph Francis, t
Philaib lphla ; Slonaker. Charles John,;
York. P-i : Stein. Plii!i: henry Jr..
Philadelphia; Taggart. Harry Hamlin.
Texas; Taie, Ijiwrenc e Velzi-r. St. Pe-'
t'T-lmrs. Fla.: Hhiber. Adolph James. 1
St. John. X. 1).; Thome, George Hen
r", Baltimore; Trmleau. Loom is. Sdie
inijdv. X. V.: Ward. George Paid
win. X II.; Viisiiii. Frederick. Ea'ton.
Md.; Wil.soii. Thomas. Portsmouth'
Va.: Wu-'st. Robert Harry, Cincinnati.;
Ohio.
Names of Rescued
The officer. a:.d men rescued were:
LietiS'tiaif.
Commander Kliic!-C!i J.
powers. Wilmington. X. C; Lieut-P;:nt
Wm. li. Goodman. Brookhn. X. Y.; j
LfeuteraTit Fr;.rk Pulaki. Chirn;o;
V.nsign (jeort" Bennett. Bu.-hnell. 1!!.; i
Knsfgn Allien P.rown. Mont-lir. N. J. ;
flr.lis'eij i.ien: Pranks. Robert Carl
ton. Hridiretyw!!. Uarbados; Diley, J.
Joseph. P:::i:;d 'Ihpi?: Il- risl.-y. Cli.r-
.....a I..l.a..p.l f-.t.. fw.l.l Tn
,., ,, ,. ... , , '
i hauii'-ev M Id'pew. Kesi i'e. Kll iraiio I
' ;
x-..r.i;.-i.:l en P:-se li re. )
NAVY WTTjTj ADD 7R.000 AfFlNiKQ FMFMV AI IFMCh'the adduV
tl'.y Review I.-iwd Wire)
WASHINGTON. April 2'.-The,
naval appropriation bili was unani-lii'-ij-ly
passeil by the house late
tn.iay without a record vote.
The measure uow goes to the
f .i-. li .
A record for speed in Ihe enact
w in of appropriation legislation
; Y'l V fih. i A
Tty lvi w leased Wire)
PA!: IS. A;iril 20. German
taiks ai;ai."ist the Bel.'ians tn l iv
resulted in the gaining of 'Utine
:riiiiiii tiy I In enemy, who, how
ever, was alinohi iiiiineilmi-v
driven back, siccordiiig to the p.,;
Han oni'ial j uiiniiinira'io!! to
ll h- ht
The statement rT.d:
: the attornev general. phaslzed the activf work dort tn- niv.i steeply, i ne pilot ami wounue.i
T?1? TTNCTJ 7?777n,:l TA T ICT C TPCTCk T? : German women must leave the His. women in gathering subscriptions. observer continued to engage the re
J. lllJl ? Ksll lllJJSlJ.M JLdXJkJ 1 OjLLJT Vit;trict of Columbia by next Monday mid- In many communities the women's I maining five German machines while
: night if they are' transients, or by j pledges are segregated an din the west I the'r cwn was desc ending in flames.
' - mm .l . .... ..I.. ! ..1 ... Tl.a Tl..;.l.k ..I-..!.. ...Anlitllv ..fi.uliA.I
(Itv T: i-w I-nx. .! Wire)
PAKIS ApnJ fj'i There was
stro;:c ar'iilei yactivity today west
of the Avre and on both banks of
the Muese. The Germans in a
minnr stuck rast of St. Mi'i:el
gained a footing in the French
tjem t.es but were ejected. Ac
cording to the war oliee an
lioiim ement toni; ht.
Ihe lett reads:
"The ciav was marked by ar ti
C
I -- , .r? r --.yY .- -y).'7ii,t ,,'...'rr. m -nmunir-
GENERAL MAURICE
OVEN PROMOTION
TO ACTIVE DUTIES
War Office Chief Will Help
Head of United Command;
Field Marshal Hai Says
' Minor Gains Made
(T5y Review Leaaed Wire)
LONDON. April 2. Major General
Frederick Barton Maurice, chief direc
tor of military operations at the war
office, has been promoted to duties
in the field. He probably will be
assigned to work in relation to the
united command of the British pnd
French armies.
His post at the war office will he
taken by General Deltna RadtlifTe.
formerl ychief of staff officer of the
( anadia i armv and chief of the Brit
, ... -. . , ,, . ,
ish military mission at Italian heal
ciuarters .
-i.s made in the passage of the
bill, only two clays being requireci
for its consideration. The bill car
ries i. total of $1,385,176,416.
included in this was an appropri
ate n of $10,295,01)0 for hospitals.
The bill authorizes an increase of
Vb.i'OO in the enlisted personnel of
the navy and 45,000 in that of the
marine corps.
l h. r h.Nl H V V
"After a violent bombardment
the enemy attacked Belgian ad
vanced positions between Kasca
endaele canal and the great
Boveren Dyke, an dsucceeded In
entering some front trenches. He
was immediately ejected by a
counter attack. Artillery activ
ity has been noticeable in the
Xieuport section."
lery activity, particularly west of
the Avre and on both banks of
li e Meue. East of St. Mihiel
the enemy yesterday morning de
livered an a'.'ack on a front oi'
one kilometer near Seicheprev
and gained a foot hold in some
elements of our advanced
trenches. Our counter attacks,
undertaken immediately, drove
him out in part.'.
'CALLING III:' iSU i'i'!'
f HINDENBURS DRIVE Wv'l
Teutons Declare
Prisoners Taken
In Trench Raids
(ft,- R.vlew l-nsl Wire)
BERLIN, via London, April 20
Infantry' activity on the bai'le
front in the western theatre of
the war was limited today to
reconnoitering. says the official
statement by the war office today.
The statement reads:
"Western theater: Infantry Ac
tivity was limited to reconnoit
ering. There was stronger nrtil
lery fighting near W'ytschaete'snd
Bailleul. Between the gcarpe and
the Somme artillery activity re
vived toward evening. On the
Avre northwest of Moreuil it re
mained very intense all day.
"In the Vosges region, as a re
sult of a successful thrust into
the enemy trenches southeast of
Marklrich. some prisoners were
brought in."
ARE NOW CLASSED
flU LI1LIII HLILMU
i
I j
I ii:y Review I.enset wire) j
WASHINGTON. April 20. German j
and Austrian women in the United I
, ..
States were placed under the same '
. restric tions as have prevailed for male
! enemy aliens hy a proclamation today
' bv President Wilson under the law
including women in the definition of
eeiny aliens. These restr'I'tions ap-
i-lliable only to women above 14 who
, have not been naturalized by their
I own or their male relatives' declara
itions of citizenship, are as follows:
j German women must register, as
German males have done, with police
ior postmasters on some future date
to be determined by Attorney General
jGregory.
Barred From Zones 'I
j German women are forbidden to en !
iter barred zones, about water fronts
!an dwarehouses without special per-
!mit, after date not yet determined by
.May it li tney nave uvea in cue ins-
Itrict of Columbia since war was de-;
; flared. None mav enter the district.!
ny mese re'stnctions tne govern
ment hopes to rid the country of a
! number of women who are suspec ted
PRUSSIAN IWOHEN
; of having promoted German propa-iare
j male relatives were interned,
j The President's proclamation speci
I fies that its provisions shall apply to
I "natives, citizens, .'denizens or sub
jects" of the enemy countries.
PUBLIC URGED TO
PURCHASE LARGER
NUMBER OF BONDS
'
n If ir ii i c f '
Hair Way Mark Or Campaign
Finds Total Sales Less I
TU 14 If C I"
inan Halt lUOta; jer -
t t . ij-i
many KaiSeS lwenty Oil -
Thai
man
lion
.
(Hy Review I.eawnl Wire) i ride system, over which ihe British
WASHINGTON, April 20. As the ! standan". was carried in such invinci
nation tonight completed half of its . ble fashion last summer. But the wis
four weeks third Liberty loan cam-' dom ol the move nivds no defense.
paign with subscriptions of l.u"l.-i
;055,:!0n. or a littla less than half the; chine in the north to a visible extent.
'three billion dollar minimum total re-j 'There will be more hard fighting in
ported to the treasury, rable dispatch-: the ivcmiiiel-Hailb iil sector, but the
es brought word that Germany's I c Crniini chain (.-s of effecting a dNast
eiKhth nooular w ar loan uas just clos-: rous defeat here are much lessened by
ins with $.1,461,000,000 subscriptions.
Toiifcht's treasury figures brought l
the total of the American peoples
contributions to war loans, ineludiiig i
'the first and seeond IJbertv 'aaus in
Germany has raised from her pvoplc
in a little more than three and or.e-.
half years of war about $20, SnO.Oim.i'OO.
Tuday Liberty Sunday
Germany's record as compared with
the I'nted States was mad? the sub-
jeit ,0,la-v of a treasury appeal "to
beat Germany with both dollars and
, ..
In the twelve working davs remiin- gaE-d on the Somme front,
ing in the third Liberty loan cain- SU-ries of the magnificent work be
paign. $1,629,000,000 must be raised to Ins lit'tie by the British airmen con-
pass the three billion mark and hls
will require a harvest of Jl:!r,.iKM.0 "0 j
,Jn subscriptions a day. In the last i
two weeks they have been repjrled .
at the average rate of $114.oo:i.o(M) : planes. Terrific fighting ensued. The
a day. Today's reports from district J British plane with machine guns en
organiations added $166,341,000 to the'ga;d !he enemy so fiercely that three
total. hostile machines were driven down out
Tomorrow is Libert v loan Sunday
tnr)11J.hou, (hp and a,;d t,loUHJllli,, of;thr engagement. The Germans were
churches will hold special services or puteping streams of bullets into the
hear special sermons on the need of '! plane and the observer was
c itizens to loan their niimoy ro the i carrying on the fight after having been
government j wounded in six places.
Women Doing Share ! Th Hritish machin,. finally was so
Reports to headquarters today em- badly damaged that it caught fire and
snuw .ij..iiu,ei"i oniainea ny women s ;
committees. !
From military camps, loan pledges ;
ire besinnine to nour in. and even In
France, the Philippines. Hawaii.
China. Alaska and Panann. soldiers
being given opportunity to sub
.
I.ONTiON. April 2D. A tehvr.nn '
from Petroarad says railway comriiin- j
ication from Petrograd into Finland
has ceased beyond Viborg.
SAMMIES
MADE BY
VETERAN
Arizona Soldiers Given High Praise
By Major General Strong for Work
Done in Maneuvers at Camp Kearny
(!ly lifviiw I.-.nsnl Win)
CAMP KKAHXKY. San Diego.
Cal.. April !!.--Commendation of
a high order was given Arizona.
New Mexico and Colorado troops
stationed here for their work in
l he field maneuvers ended yester
day by Major General Frederick S.
Strcng. commanding the fortieth
d vision, in an official letter is
sued today. It follows, in part :
"'I he division commander has
dirred me to express his appreci
ation of the soldierly spirit shown
by all units participating in the
maneuvers completed yesterday
and to commend the interest and
enthusiasm shown by thp, enlisted
and the intelligent manner in
hich they carried out instruc
tion. "He desires particnularly to
DUEL RELATED
English Ftane Engages EVght
I Enemy Planes and Ac
counts for Three Before It
Goes Plunging to Earth
! (By Review L?ase1 Wire)
I WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IN
I FRANCE. April 20, (By the Associated
! Press T-Latent German energy in plen
ty was. waiting to he released today at
. ndiiicious point- nlong the battle zone,
j but up to noon little of it worked
: through to the surface. The slowing
:ck'v.!i of hostilities since the Germans
l.'Uffereu such a grievous defeat Thurs
jday has represented one of those lulls
j which inevitably must come in any
.lattle.
! Tne re were plenty of signs, however,
that lostilities might be resumed on
!a Hie scale at any moment, in me
!'iieun;imP the allies, with their rein
! rorci d iind soiiditied lines ,i-.re waiting
c,,nfid ntly for the German armies to
i make the next move.
Lines Hold Steady
i T,,e l pfenrters "'e fui;-v satisfied
w.jtn ,te cw come of the operations in
I the last few davs. Not only have they
ih(lll, t,ipjr ,inPS steadily in the face
!cf furious attacks, but they inflicted
! most serious losses on the enemy. It
was a bit ofta shock sentimentally to
inuil Lack from the Passchendaele
It has slowed clown tne rrussian ma-
Hie shortening of the I'.iitish I'ne.
vhich f as left an inhospitable zone
of sin ll holes and mud over which the
enemy must bring up supports. The
Geri.i; ns have been piping their pa-
sniping warfare has been carried on
over the ridges of this sector.
; Use 117 Divisions
!. A total of 2!t fresh German divisions
1 with two divisions which were drawn
j from the Somma region have thus far
j i,0en engaged on the Lys front. There
are fresh divisions in reserve here.
,,,, .livisu.., l,:.vn -been en-
lmuc tc be recorded nut onen is more
r'riking than a battle just fought when
i British machine, with a pilot and
oii.eiver. was attac ked by eight enemy
I" control in tne nrst lew minutes oi
..- .... .
in Xo Man s Ijin.il. over w hich the
German infantry were firing steadily
with machine guns. The British in
fantry. however, organincd a rescue
party ind brought the intrepid pirmen
'back safely.
AMSTKRI) A.M. April 2.. -Subsc rjp
ti"ns to the eubth German war loxn.
says a message from Berlin today
hav reached a total of more than
1 ..r.."n.or.iiiHi marks.
HRILLiNG 1
REPULSE ATTACKS
LARGE NUMBER OF
HUN SHOCK TROOPS
commend the marching of the
lrops and the Itinth infantry of
the eightieth brigade. The fact
ti.a troops of the seventy-ninth
reinforced brigade were able to
make an early morning march of
i.rproximately IS miles and th vi
ongag equal forces, involving fur
ther Mistaineil effort, is very grati
fying to the division commander
as evidence of the state of physi
cal tiaining and marching ability
of these troops.
"He further desires to express
his r.ppreciation of the efficient
manner in which detachments of
the 14Hrd field artillery, the 11:1th
field signal battalion and head
miners troops performed their
duties."
The letter is signed by the di
vision adjutant. Major L. O. Math
ews. IRISH PLAN TO
RESIST SERVICE
DiHion and Other Members of
Fartv Adoot Rcsnlntinn to to have b?en the heviest sustained by
rany aopi rs.esoiui.ions iojth(l thus far jn anv operation againt
Fight Conscription if Meas-! T" : N'rS of German
c dead are lying in No Mans Land in
ure Is Passed
(Hv Review I.ea.? Wire)
nt-ni iv a r r ; i -i isf,.
........ .
hers of the Irish prty met here to-.
.iuv t.h tnu Million ..oiriin
unanimceslv adopted a resolution j hn P'J virtually Intact,
"that, in t:te present crisis we ar of! .r. Down HuB Fliers
i!'e opinion that the highest and most! ;'n"an ' """'n Poured machine
imn.cdute clutv of the members c,r Kunrir n the American troop but
this partv- is 'to remain in Ireland. j Piiti-aircraft batteries came into
and aclivelv co-operate with their con j P' nd American airmen took the
slituents in opposing the enforcement ; a'r- 'Tinging down two of the enemy
of the compulsory mi'.itarv service mir'a" anl dispersing the others. All
Ireland. The enforcement of i-ompul-1 tnp "'f'lcan airmen returned safelv.
sory milltarv service on a nation with-1 Th? correjpondent viewed the bat tie
cut its assent constitutes one of the from hil1 a short distance behind the
most brutal! acts of tyranny and op- ''" Trains moved to the front with
pression of w hich any government caiuKrc"'- regularity and scores of huge
ho guilty. The present proposal of , shells w ere seen bursting, throwing up
the Lloyd George government to en- tlouus of white smoke in the neigh
force conscription in Ireland is an borlr.g hills. The heavy rumbling was
outrage and a gross violation cf the hai'rd all day.
national rights of Ireland." I The American ambulances tore over
In consilium the resolutions pledge the shell torn roads and approached
!he party's influence and power to lie- to within a short distance of the front
Crat conscription. line. .Numbers of men in the rear po-
Fifteen hundred delegate of trades silious begged their commanders tbe
unions, meeting at tiie Mansion House sent up the assist the infantrymen
today pledged resistance to censcrip- bear the brunt of the attack. The
tion and fixed next Tuesday as the,me;i ol all services were eager lor an
day for ti e stoppage "of all work as a ; opportunity to fight the enemy in the
si.sn of t'lis resolve and to enable all ' open
workers to sign the pledge of resist-1 n High Spirits
ance. T!u- resistance offered by the Amer
OFFICIALS NOT WORRIED
iliv K'-vi-'W I..':!!-.! Wirei
WASHINGTON. April 20. While
.sizing that an attcii.p; t ce -
cute the ord.Ts of the P.iilslieviixi i-ov-
eminent to ship the military snpt.lios
at Vladivostok to European It isa
mii.ht precipitate a ci ntlicl bet.vee-i
lie Japanese 'ones in that SileTiaii
port an dthe local soviet troops, clTi
iais here today expressed little cm
ceri; over this latest development i:i
: sii'iatinn at Vladivostok.
ALECK MUST GO
il:v l:. vi. w I..HS.-.I wtr. v
ST. PAI L. Nebr., April 20 -I ncle
Sam's urgent need for greater food
production to help win the war was
the reason Grov-cr fr'ltveland Alex
ander, premier pitcher for the Chicago
Vptional league baseball team was
named to ge in the cpiot) to Camp
Funston. Kansas, from this town on
the morning of April .10.
MICHIGAN OVER THE TOP
n:v Review l-rnseil Wire)
CHICAGO. Aril 2:. Michigan is the
secon clstate in the seventh federal overloc king a widening valley which
district to make its quota of the third runs oft to the northeast. The prob
Liberty loan, it was announced today, able objective of the German attack
Iowa was first. Karly this moiniti'J there, was to get possession of a stra
Michigan had exceeded its quota Py , I "-gic road which parallels the battle
more than $12.0,'.i"io. lino lor 15 miles.
DANIELS TELLS
(is iteview Leas.-.! wire)
M ANCHKSTF.lt. N. H . April 2i
The ardent desire of the on'ente
allied navies for one -nod chari. e at
the German hiuh sea Meet vv is de-
scribed by Secretary of ihe Navy
Daniels who came here tonight to nd
dress a Liberty loan celebration. ,
"There is not a sailor on bond a
I nited States warship." he said,
'There is not one on board a British
er a French warship who does not
offer up a daily prayer that the Cer-
man navy will come out and light a
fair fight. Let them come out so the
Greatest Offensive Yet Un
dertaken by Prussians on
American Trenches Beaten
Off with Losses
(Hy Revfr-w I.asil Wire)
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
FRANCE. April 20. (By the Associated
Prets Twelve hundred German
fctorm troops, the largest number ever
encountered against the American
trocps for an offensive operation, were
hurled rgainst the American positions
on a one mile front west of Renneres
forest, northwest of Toul today, after
a tonific bombardment of gas and
high explosive fhells.
The enemy succeeded in enierin;
the front line trenches and making
the vi-lage of Seicheprev, but after
j furiouL' hand-to-hand fighting, which
till going on at nightfall, the
American troops recaptured the village
j and most of the ground lost in the
j eaily fighting.
j Capture Prisoners
i No Americans were taken prisoners.
I but three eGrmans were c-aptured.
Tl.e attacking troops carried rations
iand ei-t.'-enching tools, indicating that
; they intended to occupy the American
'pos:tions for a long period. A heavy
I hac overhung the sector when the
, attack began, but later there was bril-
j liant sunchine. The American artil
lerymen did valiant work, the men on
;n,enemy.s casuaI,ies are heli,
I front of the American trenches.
j Airplanes, riving at low altit ide. at
tempted to disorganize the American
I : i .
iKiuiiiK m-ii. uui iwo enemy aviators
vs"i " aim me enn-rs
Hn
off. The Germans suffered
-" "i me American
ican trccips was a surprist to the en
emy, who expected to break through
with l:trle difficulty.
Coeirasted with the activity of the
Ame'icans liehind the lines, scores of
. ,,, men women ,, children were
seen peacefully employed in the fields
HppaMntlv unmindful of Ihe furious
tt!.h;iv.z which is going on les than
fj .,,. The trmiim in n..rhv
towr.o tiigerly sought news, expressing
confide nee in the Americans and hop
ing for the chance to take part.
A'l the Americans moving to the
front werP in the highest spirits and
waved their caps to the cheering vil
lagers s Occupy 20 Miles ,
The village of Seicheprev. where the
cG-niun attack occurred Saturday, is
northwest of Toul and alxmt 7 miles
east ot the forest of Apreniont. where
Ihe Americans repulsed masses of
Grman storm troops recently. The
fact that Americanp troops have been
on the sector north of Toul has been
known, but the fighting at Seicheprev.
together w ith the reports of an engage
ment nerth of St. Mihiel. shows that
upwards of 20 miles of the line in
tha' sc-cto irs under American colors.
Seicheprev lies
among rolling hills
ABOUT NAVY
war may end in one big victory for
the fleets or the allies Is their cons-
tant cry."
"The American navy." he said,
"would not c-ease its program until it
had Ihe strongest fleet in the world.
Already, he said, there were mora
destroyers built or under war thart
anv three nations possessed, tefor
the war began. And. after the war,
he continued, the great fleet of trans-
ports would be diverted to the chan-
nets of trade and the American flag
would once more fly over a mighty
merchant marine. TVVO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 21, 1918.
launtu New Svrina Suits for Women and Misses-
ExhibitTwo Especially
Attractive Numbers
Monday
i s
( Kk 7,-7r T7A Air I ill
- I 1 II Ik II If- J I I " IT l 11 I fill
V. V, V,
ll - , .- -
ft
mm. w
4 yy;,; ; n
W 1)1
Women's
Silk Coats
$18 to $35 and Up
Women's Pretty Silk Coats in Taffeta and
Gros de Londres silks of a filmy texture are
Dame Fashion's latest decree for spring
wear. We are showing an especially attrac
tive assortlent in all the newest colors and
combinations, mostly 3-4 lengths, some half
lined, others lined throughout, some belted
styles, others with tie sash: the colors are
pink, rookie, Sammie, tan. gray, navy nad
black, the prices range. $18.50, $25.00,
$27.50 and up to $35.00 .
Which Are Sure to Win the Admiration
of Every Woman Who Sees Them
"The Fair"
Stylish Spring Suits for Women
$25 to $27.50
This is indeed a splendid array of attractive Suit models, plain and braid trim
med, in tailored effects. Real pony styles and Eton Jacket effects, some with
pleated coats, braid trimmed in such popular materials as Mannish Serge and all
wool poplin ; there is a good range of siz es, too, 1 6 to 44.
The colors are navy, gray, rookie an d tan. Remember, Monday, you may
have your choice of this lot, for $25.00 o r up to $27.50, according to your selec
tion, and you are sure of a bargain no ma tter what price you pay.
!
Golden Values in Beautiful Spring Suits
Ranging in Price From $32.50 to $35
1 his attractive assortment affords even a wide r range of styles for your selection- Tailored Nor
folk styles, neatly finished with braid trimming, P ony coats, Eton Jacket styles, some bustle effects
with belt all around, others with tie sashes, patch pockets, some with silk over collars in contrasting or
harmonizing shades; the materials are all wool black and white checks, Wool Jersey, Mannish serge,
wool poplin, etc., in such popular shades as gray, tan, rookie, French blue, navy and black.
Women's
Silk Petticoats
Special, $4.95
New shipment just arrived. This is a lucky
purchase, picked up by our New York buyer.
Taffetas, satins and jersey tops, with silk
flouncing; a liberal color assortment in plain,
changeable and fancy stripes. Don't miss see
ing this pretty showing of fine petticoats; the
regular values are up to $7.50. Just think,
Monday you take your choice of the entire lot
at only $4.95.
Then, too, there is such a wonderful assort
ment of popular colors .
Women's
Dress Skirts
$8.50 to $22:50
A wonderful collection of appealing styles
in Silk Skirts for women, fancy silk skirts in
plaids, stripes and plain 'colors, Silk Faille,
Silk Poplin and Baronet Satin, with jackets to
match. Exceptional values, $8.50, $10.00,
$12.50 to $22.50.
Stylish Wool Skirts, black and white checks,
stripes and plaids, in serge, poplin, jersey, gab
ardine and fancy mixtures. Unusual values
in a wide ranee for selection. Priced, $8.50,
$10.00, $12.50, $15.00 and up to $18.50
Tempting Price Reductions Monday and Tuesday
Note Carefully the Following Prices
$3.50 Fncy Silks $2.69
Kai.n Krr,Ris Taffeta. VTf - .V.-ir aiid Foulards,
4i la(.d ki. in floral lieslKn-. rilics. iUils, narrow;
nr;l idi- Mrtpi. li Mack, navy, copen and JoMre
hluv. p. la. .!um. iurpie uud green.
33-inch Pure Dyed Silk Shirting $1.35
In i,i!- caiin s.tri)w j,f r J. I.i vender, imruic,
co,i n. old r-' knj dark blue, a-fOrR-d htripes,, mHo
or narro .
35-inch, Silk and Cotton Crepe de Chine 49c
In pink, flesh, black, white, old rose and light copen
blue, fast colors, suitable for waists, dresses or underwear.
Special Sale of Embroidery per yd. 9c
Swis.s, cambric and nainsook edges and insertions, from
" to 12 inches wide, many pretty designs, big assortment,
suitable for underwear, waists and dresses, extra special
Monday, per jard, 9c.
The Hartman Wardrobe Trunk
$38.50 to $125.00
World famous for its hundred and one travel comforts and con
vrmrr.res not to be found in the ordinary wardrobe trunk; come in
and let us demonstrate to you the unquestionable supricriiy of this
wonderful trunk ovrr all othjr makes. A new lin-i for your selection.
You ii want one soon for that summer trip.
uenvrui
Purpose
Trunks
ro ar also .showing a com
; !": assortment of general pur
pose s'r.mks in the standard,
: hp e-u:irter and steamer sizs,
H.irtnian, Indestru'to and other
popular makes, in liber cover
ed and fiber Ir'iuid tlirp'fvp'ly
i !! r, with good heavy brass
!.ardv.-re, m k. corners, etc.,
i -:ially built f'ir rou-h han
i! :'tr. y t attractive in design;
; ni i y ran-je $22.50 to $35.00.
t'.fsmen $13.50 to $26.00.
woiMierlnl lint? of
All-Leather Bags
and Suit Cases
$9.50 to $27.50
Extra Special Women's Boot Silk Hose Three
Pairs for $1.00
14 inch silk boot, all sizes 8 1-2 to 10, double high spliced
heel, double sole and toe, wide elastic. top. Umit 6 pairs
to a customer.
75c Turkish Bath Towels 49c
This is a good heavy quality, 22x43 inches, pink, blue or
yellow, plain or fancy, border, extra heavy knapp, suu
bleached, a regular 75c seller, special Monday, only 49c
I
BUY A BOND
AND HELP WIN THE WAR
.jr-
1
Entrance
on
SUBWAY
STREET
REAR
OF
MAIN
BUILDIMC
Monday we are offering exceptional values in Misses' and Chil
dren's Trimmed Hats, all wanted shapes and sizes, in straw and silk
braid ribbon and flower trimmings, white, copen, rose, etc., special
values in a price range, i '
$1.45 to $245
Women's and Misses' Sport Hats in plain colors and floral patterns, priced 59c
t j T.-jc. Women's kiiaki cloth hats, military shape with cord, special value at hoc
Women's Imitation Panama Mats, velvet trimmed, hpecial, 11.49.
Silk and Silk and Wool Sweaters for
Women - We have just received a special
new shipment, including all wanted "col
ors and combinations of colors; these
sweaters have a wide sailor collar and
belt, of self material, special values,
priced at
Children's Silk Sweaters, in all wanted
shades, and all wanted sizes, with or
without belt; this is one of the prettiest
assortments ou may expect to see. so
reasonably priced. Kxtra special values,
priced
We Will
wT-m feck
A Wonderful Sale of Plain,
Trimmed and Tailored
Hats MmdMsW4.95
Without a doubt we believe this is the biggest Hat value you
have been offered this season. This assortment embraces a wide and
comprehensive showing of the season's newest Spring and Summer
models for street or general wear. In the lot you will find smart tai
lored models, small street hats, some flower trimmed, others trimmed
with fancy ribbon, .while still others have just the right finish with
wings or a few flowers or a-ribbon bow. Extra special values, well
worth up to $7.50. Special, Monday, $4.95.
Pattern Hats
Shown in a Great Variety
$8.50 to $20.00
If you should not find just the hat to your liking in the above
lot, we would call your special attention to the well selected assort
ment of Pretty Pattern Hats we are now showing in beautiful tailored
models; all white and stunning combinations. Picture hats for dress,
afternoon or evening wear, beautifully trimmed with fancy ribbons
and flowers; other smart little shapes jauntily trimmed with a pretty
aigrette, or fancy wings.
We are also showing an especially attractive line of all white Georgette Hats, beauti
ful designs, pretty polk shapes daintily trimmed with grapes and leaves, pretty Sailor
shapes with grosgrain bands, and still other novel designs in white flowers, prices range
?S.50, $10.00, $16.50 to $-0.00.
Silk Waist Special
Regular Values
$5.95 to $7.50
$4.95
These waists are made of Georgette crepe, crepe de chine and
fancy striped wash silks in beautiful color combinations. Nobby dress
models with handsome collars and cuffs, trimmed with a touch of hand
embroidery or beads, others are strictly tailored models with convertible
collars; the colors are flesh, maize, turquoise, gray, black and navy,
specially priced for Monday only, choice, $4.95.
Pretty Lingerie QO
WAISTS VOL
These pretty waists are made of a fine grade of Voile, fancy
striped batiste, and striped voile, with pretty hand embroidery trim
ming and insets of filet and -Venetian laces, dainty sleeves, some are,
tailored choke collar styles while others have large sailor collars, some
have pretty frilled fronts, all wanted sizes 36 to 46. extra special, 98c.
Qsink Muslin Underwear
"$1.25
At Attractive Price
PER GARMENT
Pretty Muslin Gowns, ship-over styles, beautiful models, daintily
trimmed with rich fine lace and sheer embroidery
Envelope Chimese, especially attractive and novel trimming de
signs, in lace, sheer embroidery and fancy ribbons. Petticoats, with
deep flouncing of pretty
embroidery, fine tuck
lace and ribbon trimmed
Combination corset
covers and drawers, made
of fine muslin top anc
bottom trimmed with fine
lace and embroidery, reg
ular $1 .50 values, special.
1 h
w 7 ic:s$s?Am
$125 uumm
$1.95
1:
$6.95
$295
zzzzi " : ' f
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 21, 1918.
THREE
i
i
LIBERTY BOND HONOR ROLL)
HELPING HALT HUN HORDES
Announcement that the Calumet &
Arlrona l-ompany's supply dcpar'-noni
and that the local oflioes of the Kl
I'ano Southwestern have subscribed
100 per cent In tin third Liberty bond
rampalen In this distrh-t. were Hip
most Important developments of the
drive yesterday. Both these office
report d!o Chairman J. V. Gaines that
eery man In their employ had takn
Ms share of bonds. Thcv are the
ircun dand third In the district, re
spectively, to attain this honor, the
l:lbee postoffice being; the first to
report a perfect score card.
In the county It wan announced that
the little town of Teane Is the first
to attain the distinction of goi;ie
-over the top." With a small popula
tion, depleted because of the closing
of the mines at the town. Poaroo on
the flrnt week of the drive had sub
srrlbej sufficient to guarantee its
quota. Report received here yester
day disclose that Pcarce ha hbeen
oversubscribed for several days.
( HONOR ROLL
Tom Mair
i Mi-!'? !Zy Terry
iMiss Crlia Halbert
James R. Davy
Joe Mhthell
IM. N'euman
Imn Ipnr.cfie Wright .
Artlinr Iloule
Treu's I.owoll Market
W. II. Jtrophy
Herbert firibble
E. V. Itoyd
Gibson Mines Lumber Co.
S. Sutcliffe
J. W. F. Smith
Miss Rena Albright
. NACO
W. G. Brown
R. V .Stratton
E. A. Folsom
Mrs. Cora Downing
Chester Bernstein ,
IT. P. Cook
T. K. Paschal ;
.5 2''0
no
50
. ion
. 1,000
no
. 2,r.no
. mo
12.000
. 100
. 100
. 10f
. ioo
r.o
r,o
. r.oo
. r.oo
. 200
. l.-.o
ro
so
. ioo
Wilson picked up the gauntlet flung
down by the autocratic Kaf3er.
It is the duty of every American to
stand solidly back of our great and
pood president.
In his triumphs and his yearnings,
"In his words among the nations,
"The Promethean fire is burning."
He pood to the Hoy Scouts when
them come around. The one who has
the best record in each state gts a
personal letter of thanks from Presi
dent Wilson.
Scoutmaster Fox of Warren has
charge of Warren. Bakersville. and
Cochise, for the Warren Boy Scouts.
CANANEA RALLIES
TO NATION'S AID
Two Arizona Men
Lost on Cyclops
BOY SCOUTS ORGANIZE
w
' i THRIFT STApRIVEB
IN WARREN DISTRICT
tBy Ass't S:out Master Alonzo Crit
tenden.) The Eoy Scouts of Bisbee bave been
asked by J. N. Gaines, county chair
man of the War Savings committee,
to sell thrift stamps under the plan
outlined far all the Boy Scouts of Am
erica by President Wilson, and they
Jijve responded to the call of their
country.
The Bisbee Boy Scouts of America
have already done considerable in
war work. Last year (Ley helped Mr.
Gaines In tiie first Liberty Bond sale.
They personally solicited, collected
and turned over to the Red Cross to
be sent to France l.Ooo pairs of shoes
thus saving many of the poor French
people cf the land of Joan of Arc
from going bare footed on the frozen
around Last winter.
This was their community good
turn last year.
They are also selling Liberty Bonds
under the direction of Sioutmaster
Frank Bunning. Besides doing a
community good turn every year, each
Boy Scout is under obligation to do
a good tum daily to some one. What
better good turn than to sell some one
a, thrift stamp. Because people will
te asked after this war is over, "What
part did you play." If you have bought
thrift stamps from a Boy Scout It is
at least something.
It meatt considerable work for the
leaders to lay off the District in such
shape so that the boys would not over
lap each other and be working the
same territory. It was quite desirable
to give each Boy Scout a certain dis
trict. Scout Commissioner Dr. Haialeman
made a rough map of Bisbee, from
notes made while walking, getting his
distances by pacing.
Asst. Scoutmaster Alonzo Crittendeji
walked over the District using the
map and divided it into districts using
natural landmarks for boundaries. Un
der his direction and with the permis
sion of City Marshal Allison, the Boy
Scouts are playing small flags with
the number and description of the
district at each corner, for ease in
identifying the district.
Kach Boy Scout has been assigned
a district and will sell stamps re
porting daily all sales to Scout Mas
ter Frank Bruriing or Alonzo Critten
nen who will direct the eampagin with
Dr. Haisliman presiding.
The boys can reach many that oth
ers cannot reach and it will be a val
uable training' for them. Many wil
be in Scout uniforms, though some
have not uniforms as yet, but all will
have a card witlv them from Scout
Commissioner Dr. Haisliman authoriz
ing them to sell thrift stamps. This is
but a part of the far-flung battle line"
that leaped into being when President
At least two Arizona men were
aboard the naval collier Cyclops, now
(overdue at an Atlantic, port sjnee
March 13. Among the 293 passengers
were many of note, and nearly every
nation on the globe and almost every
state In the union was represented.
Beside the Arizoans, one man from
New Mexico is reported as anions the
collier's passengers.
Arizona men aboard the vessel t.s
reported by the navy department un
der date of April 13. were:
R. T. Smith, ensign. United States
naval reserve force. Nearest relative
Mrs. T. J. Smith, Phoenix, Arizona.
Francis Edwin Cotton, chief elec
trician, retired. Nearest relative,
Blanche H. RInehart, mother, "It; W
! Roosevelt street. Phoenix, Arizona.
The New Mexican aboard the Cy
clops was:
Frederick Burkner Golding, store
keeper, third class. Robert Golding.
father. Silver City, N. M. v
Most notable among the passengers
reported aboard the vessel was 'faur
ice Gottschalk. consul general from
the United States to Rio de Janeiro
Smith was among the officers as
signed to the command ;f the collier
Cotton is listed among the passergers
while Golding, the New Mexican, is a
member of the crew.
SUNDAY AT THE Y.
Song service, 4:30.
At 5 o'clock Mr. Henry Perkins will
tell us all he knows about bees and
then some. A bee hive will be placed
on the counter in the Y. M. C. A
lobby, with the bees in view, to be
used in connection with the talk givnt
by Mr. Perkins.
At 5:30 will be held the regular
Fellowship Bible Ctudy club in the
lounge room. Mr. Jas. A. Henderson
will be the leader.
MIDSHIPMEN BEATEN
(Ry Review Leased Wire)
ANNAPOLIS, lid., April 20. Unt
versitv of Pennsylvania oarsmen
scored a double victory over Annapo
lis midshipmen, the varsity finishing
near.v two lengths to the good in the
fast t'me of seven minutes, 56 1-2 sec
onds while the freshmen came across
a little more than two lengths In ?
minute 1C 1-2 seconds.
tm Mt -Sirtiiu i i - s ij Jz. j m rvc iif i-cok--; ' ;-'-s.t' a;s.Ri --j
.L-f J :-,.---c.-v" "".v. . iry ' ;.r,,w ...... v ...... ji iwj;
H jtyl f T the City cf Goodrich, they
i jA.. have officially announced the
t
grand mileage
nation-wide Test Car work of 1917:
1, 044, 686 linear miles.
4,178,744 tire zniles.
Those figures indite the Emancipation
Act cf motorics, irccing them from tire
mishaps and amputated mileage.
Compressed i: them is the story cf the
famous Six Fleets, and how they hurled
Goodrich Tircc the length and breadth of
our nation, over city pavement and country
road; plounhing them
through card and mud:
maullr.,i them against rock.
Lr.d travel
fir Atid Tc5t
of LGr.jr.
D'JV v:.r.
a a v i c-
i
t j a a v j c- r,
it f "iP-Rp
I.iathcmatx3 has no fa
vcrltes. Thct multiplied
m:I: cf 4,178,744 miles
coldly, calculatingly, put9 the seal of multi
plied proof on Goodrich Tires, and stamps
them "Tested." In that searching test, no
slightest defect, no hidden short-coming
could escape the sight of the Goodrich ex
perts. SILVERTOWN CORDS, and BLACK
SAFETY TREADS, under light and heavy
cars, defied the rough going of roads wher
ever the Test Car Fleets rushed them.
The spiral-wrapped, cable-cord tire body,
and Goodrich's tough black tread rubber
fought the hard fight and conquered.
Seek tire surety and long mileage in the
proven service of "America's Tested Tires."
Goodrich guarantees you will get it because
Goodrich tested and got it.
Tested Tires mean 100 per cent, quality.
Demand it. Tested Tires mean supreme
c-Tvice. Demand it.
Five committees working in C'an
anea, Fonora, In behalf of the tliiid
Liberty loan, will report to the govern
ment throuch various banks the sale
nr bonds valued at more than $un,0(i0.
Chinese, even, are purchasing the
bonds, while men of other national
ities, including British, French and
Onadinns. are assisting the govern
ment liberally.
The rieniocratic mine has made the
record cf the Fonora camp, and is the
first Cananea unit to report 1'iO per
cent American.
Subscriptions of the camp are ac
credited to the district which the sub
scriber designates. Several- will be
placed to the credit of this distrkt.
some will go to - Douglas, others to
El Paso, and one as far as St. I.ouis.
The committee members working In
Cananea are: J. M. Cibbs, A. L. Hour-It.
Martin McGwire. A. W. AltsehuWr, C.
J. Ileale, V. S. McLaughlin, A. It.
Kearns, C. It. Percival. It. I Hawes,
K (! Tlosers, and F D Hamilton
ers in that section have already p'lt
In larue crops with the hoes of help
ing out the government in its fYorts
to raise food for the American r ii
izens and the allies.
RECEIVED CARD.
Deputy Sheriff A. ". Howe yester
day received a card from Sheriff II.
('. Wheeler stating that he had ar
rived safely overseas. He asked that
he be remembered to all his friends in
the Warreu District and that he was
fecliiiK fine. Je wrote across tha
en dof the eari: "We will win Allie,
tell all the boys to come."
; Copper Queen dor-tors. He will i;ke
i the place of Dr. II. A. Nichols, who
' has gone to Douslas to accept a posi
tion with the C. and A. company. Dr.
Stokes of I.os Angeles has joineU the
Copper Queen staff at Douglas to take
the place made vacant by the recent
ilea'h of Dr. Nichols.
money so collected. He was repre
sented in the trial by Attorney
Abhrams of Douglas.
TO THE NAVY.
W. A. House left Friday nig'it for
San Pedro, California, where he will
enter the navy as a second class
seaman. Mr. House went to the coast
three weeks ago and enlisted in the
naval reserve and has just been call'.l.
He was employed by the Standard
Oil company prior to his enlis'ment
and had been here about a year.
NEW DOCTOR ARRIVES.
Dr. Todd, has arrived in the dis
trict from Oswego, New York, rnd
accepted a position on the staff of the
TAKEN UNDER ADVISEMENT.
The rase of the City vs. Heorg" XI.
King, arrested on p charge .if vag
rancy, was tried before J idge. Thomas
In the city court yesterday afternoon,
and judgment taken und-r advisement
until Monday. King is a member of
i the I. W .W.'s and was discnara.' 1
from the Junction on the ",th of the
present month. Since that time lie
lias rot been working in the mines
but has been collecting funds for. the
defense of the I. W. W.'s nov on
trial i:i Chicago an dfor the benefit
;of W. D. Cleary and Fr"d Struck
' meyer. who have been retained by
home of the I. W. W.'s to bring nr-tion
for damages for their alleaed deptij
' tons from this city on the 1l';1i of
last July. When arrested he had a
; number of receipts in his pocket from
Struckmeyer showitisr the receipt of
WILL SOON BE ARMED.
The rifies for the use of the ca-'.tts
cf the ISsdf? hieh school have been
sliippel Iro n phoenix and should ar
rive in this city the early part of next
week. i'.isbee has been allowed 70
of th?m for the present but should
occasion arise they will be allowed
more as some are held in reserve at
the adjutant-general's office. Th-
training rifles are of the latest pat
tern issued, being of the exact weight,
sie, baiatue and appearance of the
Springiield rifle. The similarity ex
tends to every point except the bar
rel which, is a dummy. It can be
!o:tdcd but not fire 1. The local cadets
expect to put on a public drill as
si.on as they have had a little expe
rience in the handling of the guns.
OVER FROM TOMBSTONE.
Mrs. R. V. Vallauee was in the rity
yesterday on. a short visit from her
home in Tombstone.
Ruy a Liberty bond todav!
Many Women
In Sewing Rooms
Following is the report for the past
week of persons at the various Red
Cross work rooms in the district, the
numbers attending, the days worked
and a statement of persons making
surgical dressings, as issued last right, i
by one cf the women in charge of the
work :
Garfield ."58
lower Lowell "0
Warren 58
Catholic 28
Headquarters 56
Uppe Lowell 12
Snreical dressings 100
EfTorts of the next week will be,
directed to increasing this record.
3 days
4 d.iys j
5 davs :
1 day
5 days !
3 days 1
44 MISSING AS
AMERICAN SHIP
IS SUBMARINED
(Continued from Pate One)
county. Calif.; Johnson. Prince A.,
ranHin. Va.; Leonard. Roscoe Conk
lin, Cambridge, Md.; Nichols, Richard
Vincent. Camden. N. J.; O'Neil. John
F. Jr., Sommerville, Mass.; Reichari.
Wm. Denzil, Willshire, Ohio; Rusack.
cidnev Larov, Lakewood, R. I.; Strib
ling, James Edward, Hartford, Wash.;
Winslette Frank Leslie, Fisk, Texas;
J. M. Higgs a sgnal man of th-
Hritish navy, who was aboard the
Lake Moor was rescued.
No Details Received
Fu'l details of the sinking, the de
partment announced, have not yet
.aen received from Vice Admiral Sims.
The Lake Moor was a cargo car
rier of 4.fi00 tons, commandeered by
the shipping board while building in
this country. She was assine-1 to
he account of the navy last January
an dsailed from an Atlantic port the
latter part of March on her liru voy
ie across the Atlantic.
Additional City Briefs
UNDELIVERED MESSAGES.
The following undelivered telegrams;
remain uncalled for at the Western j
Cnion office for parties living in Low-1
ell: Mrs. D. E. Daniels, W. A. Hevan j
and J .J. Dyers.
SOCIAL DANCE ANNOUNCED. j
A social dance of" the liisbee Cen
tral I-abor I'nion. has been announced i
by officers of the union for Monday J
evening. April 22. in the Eagles' hail.,
Tickets hsft-e been put on sale.
WENT TO PHOENIX.
Attorneys E. J. Flanigan and J. J.
Zanders left last evening for Phoeniv
where they have business before the
I'nited States court on Monday morn
ing. They will return to the city
within the next few-days.
LEFT FOR WASHINGTON.- !
Miss Jennie t'owen. daughter of J. '
J. Cowan, superintendent of the Bis-hee-Warren
Street Railway company,
left last evening on the Golden State'
limited for Olympia. Washington.!
where she will visit with relatives for
a few weeks.
THE B. F. GOODRICH RUBBER COMPANY
-., ,--- -- ,-
THE CITY OF GOODRICH
AKRON, OHIO. Vi X'iA
isbee Auto Company
Upper Main St.
AGENTS
Phone 5
ON LODGE BUSINESS. .
R. U Mahon. state manager of the
t-'ratertril lirotherhood. accompanied
by his wife are spending a few days
here on business connected with that
organization and during their stay are
guests at the Johnson hotel.
FROM MIDDLE WEST.
H. CJ. Southard arrived In Disbee a
few days aro to pay a short visit
'o his family before leaving for the
cast on business. Mr. Southard is
interested in the live stock business
in Kansas an dformerly resided in
Hisbee.
STUDENTS RETURN.
Several high school students v ho
were in Tucson to witness and t:ike
part in the exercises and sports of
university week returned home today.
They report a good attendance at the
University of Arizona during the week
nd all enjoed themselves to the utmost.
ROUNDING UP.
The Itoquillas Cattle company and
a number of others are rounding up
a train load or cattle which will be
shipped from Hereford on next Tucs
liny. S'inie of t!ie cuttle are in poor
condition and in order to save them
ii dto help the r.ing?s they are bein,;
hipped to feeding grounds.
WAS IN CITY.
William McDonald, the Hereford-
('iirces stage driver was In the city
yesterday afternoon on a short busi
ness trip. Ie reports that the farm-
American Oil Exploration Co.
(Incorporated Under the Laws cf the State of Arizona)
GUARDIAN TRUST BLDG.
DENVER, COLORADO
000 - Barrel
Hit in 2(
! Salt Creek Well
ocks
Family
I Sands By Si
Proves Up New Acreage and Is Boost to
American Oil Exploration Co., Wyoming,
Which Is Opening Drilling Campaign
A telegram from Casper to The Denver Post this
morning announced that the Stocks family, drilling
cn section 2 of the Salt Creek field, yesteriiay com
pleted p. well to the second Wall creek sard, with a
production estimated at So barrels. The news is of
great importance, as it proves the second sjnd to
te proJuctive in all parts of the field inside the
CE-.arpinent. The two wells of the E. T. Williams
Oil company on section 11 proving the southerly
end of the field and the well on section 2.", east ot
tho main camp of the Midwest Oil company deter
mining the northeastern part. The new well estab
lishes the productivity of the western pflrt of the
field.,
The land cn which the Stocks well came in we.s
formerly leased to the Boston-Wyoming Oil com
pany, a subsidiary cf the Midwest Oil company,
which owns several hundred acres contiguous to jit
and as well or even better located on the structure.
By accident the lease was not drilled in conformity
with the terms of the lease and the Stocks family,
all cf whom aro drillers, derided to drill the land
itself. An abandoned hole, which was drilled years
ago to the f'rst Wall Creed sand, was driven down
to the second sand with the result that a fine well
was completed. The discovery of oil in the lower
strata in this district is of much importance to the
Boston-Wyoming company, which is just entering
into an active drilling campaign in which the Ohio
Oil compnay will do the work on a percentage basis.
The S00 barrel well brought in West Salt Creek by
the Stocks family (private drillers) practically
proves up the property of the American Oil Exploration-Co.,
Bishop's Dome field of VJ'20 acres.
The Stock family's property, where this 800 bar
rel well was struck Monday, is directly east of and
adjoininc I shop's Dome field on the east. The re
port circulated in Denver last Friday concerning the
bringing in cf an oil well on the Center Oil com
pany's property in the extreme east end of Pilot
Butte field adjoining Bishop's Domefield on the west
as been amply verified nad a large producing well
Is positively assured, thus proving up Bishop's Dome
field from anothe.l source. Bishop's Dome field
consists of 3 complete sections of 640 acres each and
is include,! among the vast holdings of the American
Oil Kxploration Company, who are now selling Oil
leases in this district. "
Kinney Co. brings in well No. 21 and a good output
is predicted. New well Is located back of Platte
River, in "Big Muddy." Wyoming. Merritt Com
pany has two wells on top of sand. The Kinney Oil
Refininr Company last night completed well No.
21 on the Kinney lease on section 4 of the Big Mud
dy Field nt 1 :!:. feet with a coed flow of oil which
co-ilit net be measured, as dr'lling was not interuoted.
Guy Craig, field niHnaser for the Company announced
that apparently the new well would settle down to
cs good a production as any of tho company's pro
ducers. The Merritt Oil Corporation has two wells on top
of the sand, either of which may reach the produc
tion stage at any day.
From Denver Post of April 12. 191S:
"Production of Pig Muddy Field increased 1.50(1
barrels daily in week. Four new wells brought in
on Friday add to dailv output. Merritt has two,
Kinney oie. tHi'c Mid Merritt the other.
"Production of the Big Muddy field. Wyoming,
has been increased by more than 1.500 barrels a day
during the week just closed when the completion of
four wells of which the Merritt Oil Corporation owns
two, the Kinney Oil and Refining one and the Ohio
Oil company and the Merritt Corporation one joint
ly. These four wells give the field between S.700
and S.Oii') barrels aday. of which -the Midwest Re
fining company is taking about 1.400 barrels through
the Illinois pine line to its Casper plant." From
Denver Post of April 1.1. 191S.
I
Tiie American Oil Exploration Co. owns outright
220 acres of oil land in close proximity to above
prpcerties. in the same Identical formation with
thf ie big producing wells.
Can any cue form any better proof of the prob
abilities of this laud?
Midwest Refining earnings, $Di,04S,C12 or $32.37
a share during year.
Annual statement shows assets of $10,688,801 in
exce.ss of liabilities. Book value of shares in De
temher put at ?S5.23. New much greater.
The Midwest Refining ompany of Wyoming last
year earned JlG.o48.012.Sl net after setting aside
$2,762 14:!.73 for income, war excess and state taxes
and .r),417.5S9 for depreciation. This is at the rate
of $32.27 a share for the 511.167 shares of capital
stock outstanding and is equivalent to 64J per cent
cn the issued capitalization of $25,535,350. par value.
The above statement is a vivid and forceful example
of the probabilities in present day realities in Wy
oming oil fields.
The American Oil Exploration Co. have very ex
tensive holdings in the very heart of Wyoming oil
fieliL-t besides many thousands of aorta in Colorado.
Kansas. Oklahoma. California and the great Gusher
fit -Ids of old Mexico. This aggressive Corporation
is under contract to drill 12 wells during the present
summer. The first well now being sunk on section
22 of Richards Field where the company is selling
oil leases and where they expect to bring In a big
w. 11. A 50 barrel well having been struck at the 2d
oil snnd at 700 ft. by the Landers Oil Company, im
i.iediately aiijoinitig and in the same identifal forma
tion as the holdings of the American Oil Exploration
Company in Richards Fields. Lander's and Richards
field are "''allow and the cost cf bringing in oil wells
in this district is comparatively small.
Tiie company will send out checks for the second
dividend cn Saturday at the rate of 2 1-2 cents a
shars. The next dividend, according to officers,
will be at the rate of 121-2 per cent per year.
Denver Post. April IS. 1918.
The bringing in of a second Wall creek well on
section 21 of the west Salt creek field by the Stocks
family is Interesting to the shareholders of the Con
solidated Royalty Oil Company, which owns a large
r;'r; cf the royalty on this tract, adjoining- Bishop's
Dome field on the west. This well has settled down
t a steady prod iction of 50 barrels, which would
give tiie Royalty Companv approximately 60 barrels
of oil on cash income of more than $s0 a day or
about $25,000 a year.
"Increases In the price of crude oil in the Mid
Coniinent and Wyoming fields are responsible for
an increase in the tank wagon prices of refined oils
in ( h'.eaeo today, when rn advance of 1 1-2 cents a
gallon in gasoline ci;J of 1 tent in kerosene was
po.stod by the mar'noti'ig companies. It is probably
that similar advances will he made in this terri
tory." From Denver Post. April IS. 191$.
Advances in retail prices of gasoline and kerosene
aro genorally based upon an increase In th refin
er's price to the marketing companies in which the
oil refining companies wruld profit. In spite of in
creases of amounting to .10 cents a barrel on crude
in Wyoming since Jan. 1 hist, there has been no ap
preciable advance in gasoline or kerosene up to
the present time, but it is unlikely1 that the situation
will continue for any long period.
It will be well worth your while to look Into this
attractive form of investment. Frederick Overfield
's local Representative for the Warren District, with
offi.es at 7 Main Street, opposite Copper Queen
Library. Write or tall for further information.
UNDERWRITING AND FISCAL AGENTS
National Bond and; Securities Company
CUARDIAN TRUST BLDG. ' DENVER. COLORADO
FREDERICK OVERFIELD, Representative
With I. W. Wallace, Phone 49 No. 7 Main St., Bisbee, Arizona FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 21, 1918.
published every day except Monday by the
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEX A. CAIN"...
Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to tbe
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Entered a Second Class Mail Matter at Bitbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, '879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE
rR MONTH
THREE MONTHS :.
BIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
IN ADVANCE:
1 .75
2.25
4.00
7.50
2.50
.75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cent.
Spring
What in the world is the matter with
Miss Spring? Why does she so long delay
her coming to these mountain heights and
valleys? Surely she is long past due. Her
heralds came long ago to announce that
she was on the way. The skies are blue,
the sun shines bright, the little wild flowers
fleck the crevices in the rocks, the apple
blossoms are white and the hum of the bee
singing baritone is heard in the bird s quar
tette. But Miss Spring, the princess of this
court and its happy attendants, lingers
still, somewhere between mysterious and
dim arches that span the seasons, and com
eth not, although looked for and longed
for by her subjects in this valley.
The winter is overpast and the sum
mer is at hand. For many long months
the storms have lashed the desert sands and
rushed down the slopes of the hills. The
coal bin is empty and the gas bill is very
high. The kindling is gone. Winter
clothes are worn thin. Please, Miss Spring,
won't you hasten your lagging feet?
Along about six weeks ago 'there was
a nice warm day, welcome herald from the
coming princess of summer days. And then
a wind came and it carried the grippe on
its bitter wings. The sun hid behind gray
clouds for a week and the district shivered
and scraped the dust from the bottom of
the coal bins. Then the sun came out
again and the wind died down a little. But
it is cold still. The grippe still lingers, and
the winter shivers do a fox trot every night
and morning from the divide to the Mexi
can boundary line. The sun is sickly, like a
piece of cheese in the sky. The air is hard
and cold. When are you coming, Miss
Spring, with your soft glances and languor
ous warmth to make us all glad again ?
Every morning we wake up and see the
sun shining, and we light the oven in the
kitchen stove and hover close to its rays
of heat and say, "Surely, Miss Spring will
come today." But she tarries. She loiters
on the way. The sun flickers in the sky
like a candle and the chilly winds slip down
the canyon and play havoc with us, like
boys when the school mistress turns her
head away.
Miss Spring, you are overdue. The
birds are 'calling and the buds are bursting
and the cold weather has become a burden
to your children here. Cease to trifle like a
wanton jade whose Relight is to the woe of
others- But come down across the hills
and warm the valleys with a steadfast
smile. Pretty soon Mother Summer will
be here in earnest and your sweet, way
ward, joyous, radiant reign will be at an
end. It is the princess with her bright and
fleeting youth that we love and long for.
Come soon. Miss Spring, and drive the
last memory of dull, dark winter care away.
Testimony of prominent Minnesota
and New York citizens before the senate
military committee the past week indicated
more plainly and forcibly than any of the
many warnings and appeals gone before,
the danger to this' country from German
spies and agents and the impotence of our
laws and methods to suppress these open
and flagrant traitors. These citizens urged
court martial and firing squads. Congress
has been playing and talking and dallying
with drastic anti-spy legislation for weeks
and weeks. There is always an "if ' and an
"and' to intervene between speedy action.'
In Minnesota German communities are out
spoken in their opposition to things Amer
ican and are brazen in their acts to ham
per the war. Jury trial and civil procedure
are weak and vain as a check upon this se
dition. Only a firing squad can put the
fear of God in the hearts of such traitors.
In New York City thousands of enemy
aliens are doing everything in their power
to hamper this country in speeding up its
war program. Civil channels and courts are
choked with their cases and the law's loop
holes and delays make their work easy and
their burden light- Court martiata do not
choke so easily. Firing squads do not delay.
War news has shown steady improve
ment since the darkest day of a week ago.
The British are holding everywhere in the
face of the greatest German efforts. Ger
man losses have proved to be beyond all
comparison with the value of their gains.
They have paid too much by far for the
ground won and they must keep on or ac
knowledge defeat. Holding out against
heavy odds, the British armies to the north
ward are now re-inforced and present a
granite front to German hordes hemmed in
in a narrow salient in low ground and sub
ject to murdqrous artillery fire day and
night. They must press on or retreat or
pay an awful price to hold their ground. In
the meantime it is definitely understood
that the allies have not yet touched their
great tactical and mobile reserves of about a
million men. In fine, Germany is already de
feated in the present drive, still holding her
gains, and the allied blow is yet to fall. Her
losses of the flower of her armies-have been
too high to admit of anything but a clear
break of the allied lines and the capture of
either the channel ports or the separation of
the French and British armies and the de
struction of the latter. To British valor and
British staying qualities and stubborn re
sistence to all the odds the enemy could
summon, do the allies owe their position
of the upper hand today after a month of
slaughter, grim and great. Storm after
storm has been weathered, cricis after crisis
has been successfully met and passed. If
the Teuton wants more it is there for him,
all along the unbroken British front.
As details of the last German drive in
Flanders come in from the special corres
pondents on the field, one is impressed
more and more with the heriosm and splen
did fighting qualities of the British trccps.
Position after position was held against the
first big rush until every man was killed or
taken. Machine gunners stayed on till en
tirely surrounded and then fought their
way through. Riflemen held the trenches,
slaying the boche's until the mechanism of
their heated guns refused to work and then
they fought on hand to hand with the bay
onet and the butt. With but very few ex
ceptions every position and village and
wood and trench line gained by the enemy
in this drive was given up to him by the
holding troops under orders from the staff
in order to save lives or prisoners. These
brave troops retreated under orders; they
were not driven back or routed. They were
outnumbered and outflanked; not out
fought. And, after two weeks of it, they
are fighting still with the same gallantry
and confidence and determination with
which they faced the German onrush at
Armentieries.
The Warren district has done well in
the third Liberty Loan drive, keeping
abreast of the country with the advance,
but there is yet much to do. Only half of
the work is done. The hump of the hill
is yet to climb. But Cochise county will
go over. Our past record justifies this
faith in the future. The finest feature
about this bond drive, so far, is the num
ber of subscribers- People generally are
subscribing for the bonds. Workingmen,
clerks, men of moderate means, all are buy
ing bonds, and so are the women. Prob
ably more women buyers of bonds have
been recorded in this drive so far than
bought altogether in either of the previous
issues. It is the strength of the united many
that wins a long, hard war, not that of the
few, no matter how rich or how brave or
how capable they may be. In this war
every individual in the nation has a part to
play that affects the whole.
Judge Lockwood's prompt action in
court at Tombstone the other day in the
case of the German, Schwamm, charged
with disloyalty by his fellow jurors, cannot
be commended too highly. Thisis no time
for false delicacy or quibbling over disloy
alty. Strike hard and spare not. To say
the least, Schwamm's course was most rep
rehensible. He came to this country a poor
man and had gained much wealth in a short
space of time. His ill-timed parsimony and
his disloyal utterances, together, laid him li
able to both censure and suspicion. Judge
Lockwood's prompt and strong action
brought the matter to a head. Schwamm is
now under arrest on a disloyalty charge
Cochise county does not trifle with disloyalists.
SPECIAL SESSION OF
LEGISLATURE GALLED
MAY TWENTY-FIRST
I seal of the state of Arizona to be
'affixed.
Done at Phoenix, the capitol, this
ilSth day of' April. A. D. 1P1S.
(Signed) (IKO. W. i HL'NT,
(Seal) Governor of Arizona.
Attest:
KIDNEY P. OsrttN. .
Secretary of State.
Liberty Bond campaign now, Chautau
qua at the end of the month; and Thrift
Stamp drive all the time. I here s a perpet
ual 'something doins' in the Warr?n
trict.
Seven Classes of Legislation Is
Called For and Also Ratifi
cation of Woman's Suf
frage and Prohibition
Amendments
Cli
The expected call for a special s?s
sion of the legislature, which Gover
nor Hunt announced several weeks ago
would be made, has been filed in the
office of the secretary of state and
tbe Warren district members of that
body yesterday received their notices
of the call. The call convenes the
legislature on the morning of Tues
day, May 21, at 10 o'clock and is for
the purpose of rendering assistance
in the fullest extent poss'p le to the
national government in t?.e present
crisis and in order that nothing may
be left undone in standing back :f our
men on the firing line.
The call specifies seven classen of
legislation for this purpose, and also
provides for the ratification of the
prohibition amendment and the wom
an's suffrage amendment, if it shall
he submitted by congress in time for
the special session to act, for the
payment of salary to former Governor
Thomas E .Campbell for the time he
served as acting governor and a meas
ure providing for exemption from tax
ation of the Lowell observatory.
Mow long the legislature will re
main in session is now a matter for
conjecture, and is being speculated,
upon at the capitol. Governor Hunt,
L'f ie issuing the call, stated that the
matters to be contained in it should
occupy the legislature but a few days.
Out at the capitol this mornias it
was freely predicted that the session
might last GO days, which would bring
it into July, anl leave but a short
time for the campaign.
Following is the call as filed ia the
office of the secretary of state:
Slate of Arizona Executive Depart
ment. ,
A FROCLAM'ATION
In order that the state of Arizona
may render assistance in the fullest
extent possible to the national gov
ernment in the present crisis, and in
order that nothing that can be done
may be left undone in standing back
of our men on the firing line, I. Geo.
M. P. Hunt, governor of the state of
Arizona, by virtue of the power and
authority in me vested by the consti
tution, do hereby convene the state
legislature in special session at Phoe
nix, the capitol of Arizona, at 10
o'clock on the morning of Tuesday,
May 21. A. D.. 1918, for the purpose
of giving consideration to legislation
upon the subjects enumerated below:
(1) To extend the franchise to elec
tors of the state of Arizona in the
military and naval establishments of
the Uinted States, wherever they may
be stationed.
2) To extend protection to the civil
rig'its of Arizonans in the military
and naval establishments of the
Lr.iled States during the period of
the present war; to protect the civil
rights of the families and dependents
of Arizonans engaged in the present
war, and to otherwise provide for
these families and dependents so theyj
may not suffer want or privation 'by
reason of the participation of any
member of their household in the
present struggle for liberty.
(?. To provide that officers and en
listed men of the national guard of
Arizona who were drafted into the
service of the United States shall be
allowed credit under the laws of his
state tor such service as continuous
service in the national guard of Ari
zona during the time such officers and
r.en continue In the service in the
national guard of the United States.
(4) To legalize the Arizona council
cl defense; to clothe it with autliority
tt meet emergencies in the present
crisis and to provide the necessary
funds for Its maintenance.
(5) To permit the investment of the
funds of the state in Liberty loan
bonds of the United States govern-
ii;i!t. and to further permit the in
vestment of the funds of the state.
savings banks, insurance companies,
and trustees of trust funds in farm
loan bonds, issued under the federal
farm loan act .
!' To ercourage and to put a pre
n';im on ihe Americanization of all
aiiens wi'.iin the state.
(7) To provide such dairy legisla
tion as is :;eessary to preserve and
increase that industry to meet the
ni cp'-sinca of the war .
There are a lew other matters n.)t
strictly of a war nature, but of Mich
general and timely appeal that I am
convinced the legisllaure would not
wish them overlooked:
(1) The ratification of the prohibi
tion amendment to the federal cousti-
Jution.
(-) The ratification of the woman'-
suflrage amendment to the f.j.leral
constitution, if that amvndnu-nt is
submitted by the congress of t!u
United States before adjournment of
the legislature.
(3) To reimburse Hon. Thomas tv
Campbell for his services as de facto
governor of the state of Arizona dur
ing the period 'January 27, 1!17, to
December 2L'. 1917.
it) To exempt from inheritance lax
and from the lien of any inheritance
tax which may have been create I or
attached since the first day of No
vember. A. I). IS 16. all observatories
and appurtenances which are now. or
which may hereafter he. cstanlishid
j-nd maintained for astronomical re
search solely at private expense rnd
without profit, together with any and
all property and lunds which may be
piovided for the maintenance of nu n
ohserv alirles. Such a measure is
clearlv within the provision of o'ir
constitution, anil would enable tltt
slate to pay fitting tribute to fil
iate lr I'ertival l.owell
hi W.ii-s hi-i-u'. 1 li.ne here
unto bet my Uaud aud caused the jroat
SERBIAN SPEAKER TO
URGE LOCAL COLONY
TO PURCHASE BONDS
J. V.. Mihaljevic, representative of
the Serbian National Council of De
fense of the United States, and one
of the best known Serbians in this
country, arrived in Bisbee yesterday,
where he will urge his countrymen
to support the government through
the purchase of Liberty bonds and
war stamps. He will speak this eve
ning at Dabovich hall, at 7 o'clock,
and all Serbians of the district are
uned to attend.
The local chapter of the Serbian
National Council of Defense was or
ganized several weeks ago following
urgent requests from the natioml
bedy. In the district chapter are in
rolled nearly all the Serbs of .
county, many coming from far distant
points to attend the first meeting. The
spenker will appear under the piis-
pices of this chapter.
Mr. Mihaljevic declares that the
Serbian's of this district are aDmg
the most patriotic of the states cit
izens. He is warm in his praise 1( r
their local organizaton and for the
manner in which they have rallied to
the war call. His talk this afternoon
will be along patriotic lines, appeal
ing for greater assistance to the gov
ernment and outlining war features
which the local Serbians do not at
present understand. i
Food Administration
Appeals to Arizona
To Save White Flour
Timothy A- Riordan, State Official, Calls Attention to Dire
Shortage and Possibilities of Scarcity Before Fall; Put
Matter v? to Public as Patriotic Duty in Time of War;
Seeks Cooperation to Save Citizens From Famine.
AN APPEAL TO
PEOPLE OF ARIZONA
i ANTT.rii;;iMr. n im
IS ORGANIZED AT Y
As a military necessity It is ab-
i solutely essential and of the grav-
est importance to the successful
prosecution of the war that every
i family in Arizona immediately
place itself on a ration of six lbs.
or wheat flour and wheat products
per person, per month. This limit
should be complied with strictly
even though it is necessary to deny
yourself the use of wheat for sev
! eral meals each week.
Hotels and restaurants at man
; points are voluntarily removing
j wheat from their tables. This is
) a patriotic movement deserving ot
( the highest commendation. and
one which should be extended into
the homes generally, and especial
ly Into the homes of the well-to-do. )
The Anti Cussing club o fthe Y. M.
C. A. was organized Tuesday eve
ning. April 16th. with charter meni
bership of 50. The new-organization
has already become one of the most
I popular sub-organizations of the Y.
' M. C. A., and its second meeting, held
Kriday evening, the club room was
' crowded to capacity. Eighteen new
; members "rode the goat" at this meet
ing and all are as enthusiastic as are
the earlier members.
Tbe officers chosen are as follows:
President, M. G. Mayer; vice presi
dent. J. C. Henderson; secretary, V.
Montgomery; treasurers, JVW. Morley
nd G .Ellis Fry; sergeant-at-arms.
P. R. Corken; Judge. Jack Markie:
substitute judge. Henry Perkins; pros-
LOS ANGELES SPEAKER
AT CHRISTIAN CHURCH
Edgar Floyd Smith, southwest rn
representative of the T-ible School de
partment c." the Christian Hoard of
Missions, will give what promises t3
be a very interesting discussion of
the Bible school work, at the Chris
tian church this morning at 11 o'clock.
He will speak also at 8 o'clock to
night. After morning services all members
There is enough flour in Arizona lin attorney. Rod' McDonald; as
to take care of our needs until ; ttnrav t,a
next harvest There will be no ;Gannon.
narasnips imnriea n ever one does , The c. cIub ,s preparing an elab-
h.s part. This is our plain duty e fca and entertainment to
! anil should be carried out with K VM ,..., .. j .. .
i -.m,-.. f hnfit r ! be held on Wednesday evening next.
" "i ; .! .." 'hich the committees i charge have
. Ill' 11 Willi OIC UUlllft 111C 1 1 S 1 1 1. 1 1 1 A, 111 l .ool,,aJ . t, ,.,., K . 1 , I
u -".n i hit- 1 1 1 1 1 1 1. i n win dui ds any
thing of its kind heretofore given in
the Warren District.
Full information as to the objects
of the club and qualifications for
membership may be obtained from
Coincident with the above appeal ay the Y. M. C A. secretaries.
lg the fighting
the trenches.
TIMOTHY A. RIORDAN.
Federal Food Administrator for
Arizona.
the food administration announced to
day the results of a recent survey of
the flour situation in Arizona. There
ire new in the hands of millers and
dealers 6.637,951 pounds of flour. In
addition there is wheat in t.'ie hands of
the millers sufficient to make 3.3:16.
000 pounds of flour, giving a total of
9,9K;:.9C-1 pounds. This is sufficient to
I supply every man, woman and child in
tne state wan tsix pounus per tnontn
of the Hible school and church are : fpr five ni0iu:,s, or untn thp nPXt har.
going on ine i ociock car 10 n.nanu ; ytst aIld Kivfg a sl,rpias of i,45n,131
Park each taking a prepared lunch. ; pounds of flour Tne equivaIent ot
which will be served on the ground. ; this amount in ,vheat is ,0 bt, leased
immediately upon arrival ai the park. I immediate!- to the grain corporation
A very enjoyable outing is anticipated fpr llle pxsrpC9e of furnishing food for
by the workers, and they invito til .; a?hUri ia France. It is a sufficient
who wish to join them to bring sand- quant,ty to feej 241.6SS men for one
wiches and meet them on the 1 ociock j month
car or at the park. ' .. ...',. ,
J I . At a meeting of fie fool aumlms-
THE HONOR SYSTEM
GREAT MELODRAMA
'THE PRINCESS PAT"
IS MUSICAL SUCCESS
The Princess Pat," Henry Hl.issoni j
and Victor Herbert's latest musical j
comedy triumph, will undoubtedly re-j
ceive a warm welcome when it com" j
to the Orpheum theatre for an en-!
gagement of two nights only, com-
Hlcssom-s book has been m.-st highly!" r
commended and to Mr. Herbt-rfs mi.-!" L'.T- ' "lJ
sic there has been accorded unstinted
praise. To "The Princess Pat" he has
given 20 numbers all of which are in
the popular composers best vein.
tratr.rs for the various counties in
Arizona definite plans were worked
out to secure in ea: li county the eiintt
ablo distribution of flour from the
wholesalers to the retailers and from
the retailers to the consumers.
The food administration expects to
secure the full co-operation of all
loyal residents of the state in carry
ing out the rationins program. All
attempts to di-feat th object of the
will be met
was stated.!,.
surli acts beins considered nothing
short of treasonable.
"The Honor System,'1 William Fox's
intensely human melodrama, while in
its gripping appeal tugs strongly at
the heart strings, is far from being a
somber picture of life in its most disj
trussing phases. This gripping drama,
to the production of which the state
of Arizona lent its entire resourc?s
and which vividl yportrays conditions
along the Mexican border, has been
justly described as "the greatest hu
man story ever told."
Its humaneness lies not only in its
faithful depiction of the struggle be
tween virtue an dthe unseen powers
of graft, but in the flashes of rare
humor, that light the picture Ike
flashes of sunlight.
DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS
AT EAGLE THEATER
BERLIN SAYS ALL QUIET
STADELLI GETS HAT
BERLIN", via London. April L'0
Thr-re is nothing lieu- to rcnor "
says the statement issued by the warjt!le Tih ncd a" Wednesday in the
Art Stadelli, outfielder for the Cop
per Queen baseball club, yesterday re
ceived a Stetson hat from the Miller
clothing store for his home run over
office this evening."
game with the C. & A. team.
The Tom Reed mine at Oatnian isj
showing a wide vein of rich ore. I
Tle Williams mine at Kinuman is
dipping tungsten concentrates.
Local theater goers will have an
other chance to witness Douglas Fair-
banks today at the tEagle theater.
when he will play the leading role in
Reggie Mixes In," a powerful picture
replete with action throughout.
As usual Fairbanks is at his best
for he is primarily a man full of ac
tion and shows at his best in pictures
which enable him to stage some of
his every day out of door stunts in
which he is unequaled on the film.
The fight scene in this picture lasts
a full 15 minutes and is certainly all
that anyone could ask for in the war
of. excitement.
There will be the usual Sunday mat
inees today as -well as the reuUr
evening performance.
The B. H. S. Alumni
Association
PRESENTS
Young
Mrs. Winthrop
A Comedy Drama in Four Acta by
BRONSON HOWARD
at
High School A uditorium
Monday, April 29th
Reserved Seats at Ball's Drug Store After Wednesday, April 24th
ADMISSION 50 CENTS 8 : 1 5 P. M. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 21, 1918.
FIVE
V
Four New
LADIES'
DRESSES
THE LATEST SHOWING
IN NEW YORK CITY
Middy Dress, pleated skirt, white cotton gabardine; blue middy
of pure Irish linen, embroidered with white. fi 7tt
Priced 5pf.0
Three-Piece Coat Effect Dress, coat of lavender, Irish linen
vestee and skirt of white gabardine. CllJ
Priced tpf.0
Combination Dress of Irish linen and imported French voile,
color, rose; waist, pockets and belt of linen, skirt i 7Ct
of voile; white organdie collar and cuffs. Priced P J-4 J
Dress of combination white voile and green
hemstitched fold effect. Priced
time and won its sixth straight game
of the season. The winning run re
sulted from Hooper s daumble, follow
cd by Sheaus' sacrifice and lioblitzel's
-.ivciwful bunt for the equeeze play
Hooper scoring. Boston bunched hits
off I-ove in the first. Mays was hit
hard but had exceptional support. Bos
ton making four double plays. Hoop
er's cttch of Dodie's drive to right
fiold n the ninth with two out and two
on bases, was a feature.
Score R. H. E.
Now York ....100 101 0003 11 0
Boston 300 008 Oil 4 7 0
Love and Hannah; Mays and Ag-
ncw.
Other American League games post
poned. Rain.
COAST LEAGUE
W. L. Pet
Vernon
Sacramento . .
Oakbnd
Salt Lake
San Francisco
.12 7
. 9 7
.10 9
. 8 10
. 7 10
L03 Angeles 7 12
.632
.563
.526
.444
.412
.368
YESTERDAY'S GAMES
At San Frencisco R. H. E
Sacramento 4 10 2
Oakland 2 7 4
(Ten innings)
West and Fisher; Prough and Mitze.
$12.50
"WHERE YOU DO BETTER"
At Salt Lake R. H. E.
Los Angeles 13 13 1
Salt Lake 7 9 4
Pertica and Boles; Conwright, Mor
ton, Arkenburg and Konnick.
The Right Kind of
Clothes '
Build into a suit enough style to satisfy good taste,
and enough quality to insure good wear and you have
all ANY MAN requires.
Stadium and
Gold Bond
Clothes
Baseball Scores j
I?
Are hand-tailored, hold their
shape and prove good under
every stress of wear and
weather what more can
you ask?
We sell clothes which
justify their price in both
quality and workmanship.
Why look farther and
fare worse? Our line at
CANT BE BEAT
We also carry a com
plete line of Shirts, Stetson
Hats, Neckwear; in fact
everything for men.
Sole agents for the Fa
mous Shoes for men. "Just
Wrights" are right.
ir.
JJa&um
" oiks
M
&JJ MAIN ST.
BISBEE
NATIONAL LEAGUE
(By Review Leased Wire)
W. L. Pet.
New York 4 0 1000
Philadelphia 3 1
Cincinnati 2 1
! St. Louis 1 1
I Chicago 1 1
Pittibuigh 1 2
Boston 1 3
Brooklyn 0 4
.750
.667
.500
.500
.333
.250
.000
YESTERDAY'S GAMES
Menset Stars Again
PHiLADELPRfA. Pa., April 20.
Marquard was no puzzle to Philadel
phia, and "Brooklyn was defeated.
Mayer held the visitors to two singles
until two were out in the ninth, when
Daubirt's single and doubles by Mit
chell and Johnston accomplished
Brooklyn's scoring. Meusel, the re
cruit whose drive wo uFriday's ten in
ning game, hit safely his first three
times up today. The crowd was the
smallest Saturday crowd for several
years, due to cold weather and a wom
an's Liberty loan parade.
Score K. H. E.
Brooklyn 000 000 0022 5 3
Philadelphia ..020 002 OOx 9 13 1
Marquard, Mammaux and Kreuger;
Mayer and Burns.
Other National League games post
poned. Rain.
LARRY DOYLE STARS
NEW YORK. April 20. The Giants
won their fourth straight game of the
season- defeating Boston. Doyle, sent
back to New York by Boston in the
Herzog trade, hit a home run, two
single and drew a base on balls In
four times up. He also stole two
bases, batted in tworuns and scored
two'himself.
Ai.derson pitched a strong game, not
a Boston man reaching third until the
ninth inning. Herzog, former captain i
oj the Giants, had a poor day in the ;
field and was hooted by the crowd
whn he came to bat.
Score H. H. E.
Bostcn 000 000 000 0 6 2
Nev York 013 000 Olx 5 10 0
Hernu and Henry; Anderson and
Kairdi-n.
At Los Angeles R. H. E.
San Francisco 1 5 2
Vernon 4 4 1
Seaton, O'Doul and Brooks; Dell and
Devermer.
SOUTHERN ASSOCIATION
Ac Atlanta, 1; Chattanooga, 5.
At New Orleans, 2; Mobile, 10.
At Memphis, 7; Little Rock, 5.
At Nashville-Birmingham; Rain.
COLORADO WINS
DENVER. Colo., April 20. The Uni
versity of Colorado defeated the uni
versity of Denver in the opening game
of the college base ball season in Den
ver today, by a score of 9 to 1.
COLORADO COLLEGE LOSES
COPPER QUEEN PLAYS
JUNCION CLUB TODAY
Red Toner and Bill Leverett will
be the rival hurlers today in the
Warren league game between tne
Junction Briggs and Copper Queen
teams at Warren park at 2:30. The
game will start promptly on time and
a red hot contest is expected.
The Junction club has strengthened
by signing Waters, catcher of the
Sacramento Coast league team, and
Miller, first baseman from Hayden.
Lefty Harris will play outfield. His
arm has not rounded into shape yet
to pitch but he is too good a hitter
to stay on the bench.
Both clubs have been practising all
Week an dare in good shape.
The Queen has lost shortstop Haney
while outfieiders Bob Whaling and
Jack Powell will not be In until next
week. Laurenson will play third.
Both Toner and Leverett have a lot
of stuff and some nifty chucking is
predicted wth hits few and far be
tween. The lineups follow:
Copper Queen Stadelli, If; Wilson,
ss; Hesse, lb; Tonneson, rf; Carnes,
2b; Lebrandt, c; Laurenson, 3b; Dal
las cf; Leverett, Hanson, p.
Junction Briggs Birkel, 2b; Miller,
lb; Johnson. 3b; Bejoin, If; Harris,
rf; Pitman, cf; Kripbaum, ss; Waters,
c Toner, p.
(By Review Leased Wire)
COLORADO SPRINGS. April 20.
The Colorado school of Mines base
ball team defeated Colorado College
heob this afternoon by a score of 3 to 1.
COLLEGE BASEBALL
At New Haven Yaue, 1; Dart
mouth, 0.
Ai West Point West Point,
Tufts, 7.
3;
BOXER DIES
CHICAGO, April 20. "Tommy" Mo
watt, a widely known light weight
boxer, died today. He had been ill for
some time with tuberculosis.
DRAFT PITCHER
PACKED HOUSE HEARS
RED CROSS SPEAKER
Dr. J. Morhodge. speaking for the
southwestern division of the Red
Cross, addressed a packed house in
the Y. M. C A. gymnasium last night.
Dr. Morhodge Is an American citizen.
but has lived most of his life in
Persia. He was captured by the Turks
and Germans in 1914 and was held a
prisoner for 20 months and 14 days.
He was beaten almost to death, but
was not killed because of his being
an American citizen.
While held by the Turks and Ger
mans in soutnern nussia ne was
wounded by the Russans, fell into
their hands and was cared for by the
Russian Red Cross. He was separated
from his wife and three children, who
are now somewhere in Russia.
Dr. Morhodge told the story of his
capture and Of the terrible atrocities
the Christians reecived at the hands
of Turks and Germans.
Of 6.000,000 Servians he said only
1,000.000 are left.
While in the hands of the Turks
and Germans he saw Russian pris
oners tied to trees. German officers
got all the information from them
they could, horse whipped them, spit
on them and then had them skinned
alive. The atrocities Dr. Moroodge
mentioned were equal to anything
ever heard of in history in their ter
ribleness. Dr. Morhodge praised the work of
the women in America and of the
Red Cross work in general. He said
that America is in the war because of
right would
IOLA, Kans., April 20. Otis Lam
betn a member of the pitching staff I DrinciDle and that the
of the Cleveland American league clubjsureiy win in the end. '
nas oeen oraerea to report lor auty in The address lasted for nearly two
the national army at Cmp Funston, j hours and the large crowd was very
April 26, It was announced here to- attentive to the close.
day. The local draft board has mailed :
papers to Lambeth. Ho was formerly! REFUSED HEARING
a member ow the Topeka club of the 1
Western league. (Bv Review leased Wire)
. j ELLSWORTH, Kans., April 20.
OPPOSITION TO BOUT ! Joseph L. Bristow, former United
State senator from Kansas ana now
candidate for the Republican nomina
tion for the same office, who was de
nied a hearing here last night on
either war or political topics because
it was said "his public utterances on
American war problems do not con
form to views held by Ellsworth cit-
was unable to obtain a hall in
Kanopolis earlier in the day.
(Hy Review I .eased Wire)
ST. PAUL. April 20. Colonel J. C.
Miller, promoter of the proposed 4th
of July boxing match between Cham
pion Jess Willard and Fred Fulton,
has decided to remain here at least
until next Tuesday when the fate of
the fight may be decided by the state I izens,
safety commission.
HOLD EXCESS RESERVE
NEW YORK, April 20. The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for the week shows
that they hold $41,672,620 reserves
execs.-: of legal requirements. This is
a decrease of $24,393,670 from last
ween.
MANY EXCEED QUOTA
DENVER, Colo., April 20. Thirty
sixsix of the sixty-two counties in C'olo
radj had passed their quotas in Lib
erty loan headquarters here tonight.
Lowest available figures, including
the city of Denver, exceeded fifteen
million
AMERICAN LEAGUE
W. L. Pet !
Boston 6 0 1000 j
Cleveland 2 0 lo.il) !
j V.asiiiligton 2 2 .500
U'hicHgo 1 1 .50,
I New York 2 4 .333
I St. I.ouis 1 2 .333
I Detroit 0 1 .000 ;
ihilaailphia 0 4 .000
YESTERDAY'S GAMES
Indian Beat Browns .
CLEVELAND. Ohio., April 20. Mor- j
ton was invincible until the ninth,!
when he lost control in a pouring rain,
St. Louis scoring its only run on a j
double and a single. The Browns
then had the bases filled with two I
out, but Morton steadied and struck
out Hale. j
A double by' Miller and passes oni
Chapman and Speaker filled the bases j
for Cleveland, in the fourth, and later j
on Viainbsganss singled and Kava
nauffb walked, but only one run re
sulted In the seventh the locals j
scored twice on a single by Kana-
naiiKh and doubles hy Turner and Mor-1
ton. Nuuamaker's throwing was a lea-j
ture. I
Score 11. II. E. ;
St. Louis ioi unit (Mil--1 6 0
Cleveland M lmt 2tx a t "
Iji.wdermilk. Sothoron and Nunu
niiiker; Morton and O'Neill.
SIX FOR RED SOX
THE DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS
(Hv Review I.ei! Wire)
BOSTON. April 20. Boston defeat
ed New York for the. third straight
Sole
When You Buy
Gates' Half
TIRES
You secure tires which are guaranteed to be absolutely
fresh- We turn over our stock every month and every
tire and tube you purchase from us must make good or
we will.
Gates' Half Sole
Tires and Tubes
Are manufactured by one of the largest companies in
the country and the big factory is far behind with or
ders, the demand is so big. Learn real tire economy by
letting us equip your car.
Lowell Motor Co.
LOWELL
OPPOSITE CENTRAL THEATER
a
I
Star Athletic Club
OVER TREU'S MEAT MARKET
BREWERY GULCH
Monday, Ap'ril 22
i ' ' "-s-Lr"" ' ' t
i '
j v . ff ' i
! ' V "' .'v;.; -U'; - : 1
p
: '
- '
- ) j
"4 '
: "
;lw ' ' ' r :
t 1 Wt'vi-- ,
). i ; . k : . - . i
s A v . . - . ' - ' . . w
v
r - ! . - " - t
.;' ... :i .iiiV,fo--V-"-g ' ' - ... . -
i . 1 ' -
$ - " -i . -
t . j I , ; r
r ' -i - . -j . - - ' .
j " ,'-
7 ry
GEORGE CONSTAN 175 lbs., Douglas, 11th F. A.
WRESTHNd
TO A FINISH. BEST 2 OUT OF 3.
FOR BORDER CHAMPIONSHIP
Guaranteed Finish The Best Man Must Win For
SCO Side
Bet
j, . 1
t - . ,f v. - ,.: ,
ERNEST DIXIE 175 lbs., of Bisbee.
Four Rounds
Young RflcBeavg-BayPoB
Membership Cards may be had at Twocmey's, Wallace
Cigar Store, Miller's Shirt and Hat Shop, Mor
genstern's, Lowell, or from Members. r7 M
SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 21, 1918.
!LA:
or
to
A PAIR
CALF
At Your Dealer!, or
Postpaid
n
-4:
Ed
CUi Jp? W'l
O STAND the underfoot punishment
of war, where shoes are water-soaked,
sun-baked, bruised and battered
it takes the steel-tough constitution of
w top-grade Army Shoes the kind stamped
BUCKHECHT
- v.'. .v.w." ...v.'.v-.w . . V. . V. . v. . . .-.v.. ...... ....... .. ... ..
: This mark ia a symbol of Nature's finest products, im
. . proved by man's best processes. : The BUCKHECHT
Army Shoe is cut only from the heart' of the bide
x where it grows toughest, firmest and close-f ibered, to ;.
protect the vital organs.
The leather used in the uppers of the BUCKHECHT
: Army Shoe is our famous Indian Tan Calf or the finest
: Black Chrome Calf; the soles are plump and of the vexy
' best quality, cut from the very heart of the fvde; From
v start to finish the shoe has that care which, ordinarily,
is given only to the highest grade custom footwear.
v." .-.V Y.W. . -.'.v.. . .-. .. - -.v.". .. . . ... T
: Reult? : Thousands of men in civil life business men,
farmers, hikers, sportsmen, outdoor workers
and : others- have found the BUCK-
HECHT Army Shoe
i ' splendidly adapted to
. ..... ,..-v.r ..... .
practical, everyday wear.
And small wonder!
"V : .
r
They like its "pleuty-of-roominesa"
- its velvety:
feel its wear-resisting
qualities. : And what is
. more they acknowl-
edge, quite gratefully,
: i . I m 1 i
. -V ' , .tnat loot trGUDie3 are
7' S y ' ' no longer known to
'k-'n'iL '-'". kA". - them.
j-.'.rV - "" J.--! V.. . . .
:;c.
:.v.lv:
Onr registere d
trade -mar Ic
BUCKHECHT
is stamped
on every pair, r
Look for it
it 13 your
i- VV!' f-afegiurd.
i;''; it,'. " v.-v.. v." :: .v.v ..-.v.v.v.-.v.v
SUCKHECHT
'V T-
y
HE MUNSON LAST ARMY SHOE
j has been heralded and rightlyas
the greatest improvement in foot
wear in a generation. But .
There are Army Shoes AND Army Shoes
They may all look alike to you. But there is a differ
ence, a tremerxdou3 difference. The difference in most
cases is hidden. And yet make no mistake: it is there
in service, in style, in comfort.
Understand no one has a monopoly of the Munsori
Last. Any manufacturer can turn out an Army Shoe
on thit last.
And yet here is a manufacturer who takes pride in :
hii-products; who operates on the theory that time
teiU and that quality will out; a manufacturer who
invest . his products with the best materials and the
finest workmanship possible trusting to the public to
recognize its value; a manufacturer who will not sac
rifice quality-standards merely to get "quick returns."
: In : the face of rising costs we have determined to V
maintain our high standards; and this, regardless of
the fact that calfskin and sole leather have gone
steadily up, UP, UP; regardless of the factthat: labor
and overhead expensed have materially increased; re
gardless of everything!
Nine times out of ten the public gets only what it pays
for. Just that and nothing more.
"True enough," you say, "but how am I to know the
difference how am I to distinguish between a really
good Army Shoe and others not so good?"
The answer is simple i
Look for. the name BUCKHECHT it is stamped on
every pair. It is your protection as well as ours. Back
of it stands more than a half-century of honest shoe
manufacturing.
It is our word, our bond, our guarantee that the
3UCKHECHT Army Shoe will give you more real
comfort more economical shoe-service for your
money than you ever thought possible.
BUCKINGHAM $ HECHT
Established in the early fiftiss
Manufacturers San Francisco
For Sale in Bisbee
At AH Principal Dealers
If Not Sold in Your Town, Order
Direct from Buckingham & Hecht
v
o THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 21, 1918.
SEVEN
"S
eemsr
Arizona" --San Xavier Mission
Fair Motorist in Goodrich-equippcd Car Visits Arizona's Oldest Mission
d from California who has i M;d succeeded in partially com-, "The church is built o
""A friend from California who has
genu nearly all the missions in the
Golden State, paid a visit to San Xav
ier dol Bac on the new Tucson-Nopales
highway," said W. G. Hubbard of the
Hfshen Auto Company, local Goodrich
Tiro dealers.
" 'I do not recall a single mission in
Caliiornia' she told me afterwards,
that can compare with San Iavier del
Kac lor beauty and excellent preser
vation. It is one of the greatest at
tractions in Arizona, and should be ad
vertised as much as the Petrified For
o.M or Apache Trail.'
' Arizona's oldest mission has a most
interesting history. The earliest rec-ori-.-i
point to the fact that it was start
ed by the Jesuit Father Kino about
169J. There was only the foundation
built, Lowever, when he died. After
his demise, the Indians repudiated his
teachings, and Jor more than twenty
years no Spaniard set foot in Arizona.
'"A tmall party of Jesuits under Fray
Filipe Segesser entered the state in I
"1, ii;d succeeded in partially com
pleting the church.
' About 1767, the Jesuits were ev
pelied from the country by political
t-ncini-H-. and the following year Padre
Francitco Garces of the Franciscan
l athers took charge of the church.
Most of his time, however, was spent
in exploring the Gila and Salt River
valleys, so that the mission was not
completed until 1797. '
"San Xavier seems to have been
abandoned in 1828, although it was
kept in some repair by the converted
Indians. It was again occupied by
white men in 1859, when Father Mach
ebeuf took charge. It has been repair
ed end restored since 1865, and Js at
present in an excellent state of preser-
at ion It 19 still in use.
"From the high arches and numer
ous arabesques it can be seen that San
Xavier is an alihost perfect example
of Moorish, architecture. Over seven
hundred plaster half-relief figures, as
well as paintings adorn the walls.
The church is built of stone, brick
anil stone, plastered with white stucco
It is 105x127 feet inside the walls. Its
form is that of a large cross, the tran
rept on ither side of the nave forming
a chapel 21 feet square.
"Iong years or labor are evident in
the construction of the building. It
contains many beams of pine and ced
ar, which must have been brought
down from the slopes of the Santa Ri
ta mountains, thirty-five miles away.
There Is not a nail in the entire build
ing wooden pins or dowels being
used instead. The gold for gilding the
wai; figures was washed from placer
mines in the Santa Rita mountains.
"This is my friend's first visit to
Arizona," concluded Mr. Hubbard,
"and the is delighted with its wonder
ful scenic and historical attractions.
She intends to tour the entire state."
" 'Goodrich tires will, of course, be
on the wheels of my car,' she said. "I
learned how reliable they were in my
travels about California." "
KEEP SPARE TIRES
AWAY FROM HOT SUN
"Motorists as a rule do not seem to
take into consideration that a tire ex
posed to the sunlight will deteriorate
much faster than a casing that is kept
well covered," says R. C. Hyde of
Hyde & Strack, tire dealers. "If one
takes the time to notice the number
of extra tires that are carried without
covers, he will readily see that the
public in general should know Tnore
about the resisting qualities o rubber.
I "The tires on the car, of course, can
j not be protected from heat qr sun
! light, but care should be taken that
j they are not allowed to stand In pools
1 of oil or grease on the garage floor,
i and excessive speeds over hot sumijier
j roads can very . easily be dispensed
with."
FOUR SPEEDS SHOWN
FORD AUTO OWNERS
Demonstrations of the Moore four
speed transmission for Ford cars will
be given today at the Lowell Motor
company garage in Lowell, by Frank
Paddock, factory representative, who
arrived here yesterday from Los An
geles. According to J. O. Main, proprietor
of the Lowell Motor company, this
transmission is invaluable to Ford;
owners of Arizona, for it gives two low
gears, an intermediate and the usual
high gear. With four gears, a Ford
ran climb any hill, stop half way up
If necessary, and then continue up
the grade without a bit of trouble.
Mr. Main rode with Paddock on a
test trip ovr the .divide and the dem
onstrating car made the steep climb
without a bit of trouble.
WELL KNOWN YAVAPAI
MEN TAKE OIL LANDS
News has beeu given out from tlio
general 'office of the United Cliino Oil
4- Refining company at Phoenix to the
effect that some of the most prom
inent and influential men in the
Yavapai mining district have become
personally interested in this com
pany. It has been known' for some time
that Robert E- Tally, general man
ager of the United Verde Mining com
pany at Jerome, J. E. McLean, super
intendent of the United Verde & Pa
cific Railway company, and others,
had become interested in the oil ac
tvity in the Chino valley to the ex
tent of taking up some land in the
Chino valley district.
The secretary of the United Chino
Oil & Refining company is authority
for the statement that Messrs. Tally
& McLean, together with their asso
ciates, have turned over to the United
Chino Oil & Refining company two
quarter sections tf land owned by
them in the valley in exchange for an
interest in the company.
TOLD THERE WAS
NO HOPE FOR HER
Takes Tanlac and Five Years'
Misery Is Now Ended
Gains 13 Pounds.
All Traces of Scrofula
Cleansed from the Blood
Impurities Promptly Wiped
Out.
UNITED GHINO RUNS
INTO GAS POCKET
A gas pocket has. been encountered
between the shale) and sandstone in
the United Chino .'well, according to
the report received yesterday after
noon by E. J. Cruch, who is making
his local offices at Sasse's confection
ary in Bisbee. The report Is sent by
the general office of the corporation
and quotes the report of the field
superintendent. The telegram follows:
"Report received this morning from
field superintendent; for the last t
days we thought we detected an odor
of gas but not expecting such lavor
able indication at such shallow depth,
I have hesitated in giving out' such
news to the public. But at 6 p. m.
gas could be plainly smelled. We un
doubtedly cut into a gas pocket that
came in between shale and limestone.
Would not be surprised if we ct
Iprge gas pockets any day. This In
dicates possible presence of oil at
non inal depth.
"UNITED CHINO OIL & REFIN
ING GCOMPANY."
BRILLIANT FARCE AT ORPHEUM
Magnetic little Amy Leah 'nnn,
who will be seen in "Mary's Auitle,"
the brilliant farce comedy by .May
Tully which A. H. Woods will present
at the Orpheum on April 24. direct
from the Bijou theater. New York,
with the original New York cast and
production, is well remembered for
her startlingly fine work in "The Song
of Songs." It placed her in a con
spicuous position in the Broadway
firmament an done which she has se
cured by her work in "Mary's Ankle."
"I had fallen off to ninety-three
pounds and really thought I was going
to die," said Mrs. Ella Faulkner of 2916
blacklmrn street, Dallas, Texas.
"I Lad no appetite," continued Mrs.
r ai'lKiier, "and the patns in my stom-'
ach ati.er eating were frightful. The ;
gas pressure on my heart would al- j
most smother me to death and many ;
times 1 was unable to lie down at til j
I had intense pains in my feet and
legs, was badly constipated and had '
headache all the time. If often had
! dizzy spells and was so nervous the
slightest sound disturbed me and I
could hardly sleep at all. I was told
I had pellagra and that there was no
cur? for me and though I had the
best of treatment and took quantities
of medicine, nothing helped me.'
"This had been my condition for
five years and I had just about lost all
hope ol ever getting well. For five
months, before I began taking Tanlac,
I was, down in bed half of my time, and
when I was up I could hardly drag my
self around. Finally a friend of ours
inii.frl nn i trvin? Tnnla and now
I can't praise it enough. It just seem
ed to take hold of my case at once and
all m miserable feelings gradually
d'suppeared. I have a fine appetite
now, my nerves are quiet and I have
(no headaches or pain of any kind and
! by using the Tanlac tablets, in connec-
tion with Tanlac, I have been relieved
entirely of constipation and dizziness,
j My sleep is as souud and good as ever
and ! get up in the mornings full of
! life and energy. I have gained thir
teen pounds in weight .and can worn
hard J.11 day without getting tired. I'm
feeling healthy, hearty and well now,
and it seems like nearly everybody is
asking me what makes me look so well
and it's a pleasure to tell them Tan
lac did it."
I Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in DaiiKlas by Dou.nlas Drug Co.,
in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in Bowie
by Bowie Drug Store, in San Simon by
J. B. Cooke, in Willcox by A. A. Nich
olson, in Lowell by Lowell Drug Co.,
in Gleeson by B. A. Taylor. Adv.
If there is" any trace of Scrofula, or
bther impurities in your blood, yoa
cannot enjoy the full physical devel
opment that a healthy body is ca
pable of until your blood has been
thoroughly cleansed and purified of
all traces of impure matter.
S. S. S., the wonderful old purely
vegetable blood remedy, has no equal
for removing the last trace of Scrof
ula and other blood taints, and there
is so case that it does not promptly
reach. S. S. S. will thoroughly cleanse
and remove every disease germ that
infests the blood and give yoa new
life and vigor. It is sold by all drug
gists and yoa should get a bottle and
begin its use to-day. Write a com
plete history of your case, 8nd you
can obtain expert medical advice free
by addressing Medical Director, 30
Swift Laboratory, Atlanta, Ga.
GAS POCKET SHOOTS
TOOLS OUT OF HOLE
My BM Sh
Sale
Continues Tomorrow
'And the rest of the week. Take advan
tage of this wonderful opportunity to buy
.high grade shoes at
Less Than
Wholesale
Special
Reductions
I WE ARE AGENTS FOR
THE FAMOUS j
uc kheohf I
y oy w
I .,r3 D i;
1 H I
li U
I ii II
A pas pocket encountered in the
well of the Arizona Oil & Refining
cimwny in the Chino valley district
of Yavapai county Thursday, last, was
of such strength that it li.'ted the tools
of the. .dril lor . eight: feet, according
to the report received in Bisbee from
the company yesterday. '
The telegram follows:
"J. E. Myer, Bisbee. Arizona.
"The Arizona Oil & Refining com
pany treasurer went to Irestt ves
terday, and confirms news that they
are making :!0 feet daily. Thursday
night the drill entered a gas pocket,
the pressure of which lifted tools eiijht
feet. At least six companies wVl be
drilling within 30 days. Drillers claim
they can finish the Arizona oil well In
90 days.
"ARIZONA OIL & REFINING CO."
Prices
Hundreds of unequal bargains are dis
played on tables come early and make
your selection.
On Spring and
Summer Fcotwear
Men3 Shoes, Women's Shoes,
Children's Shoes. High nad
Low Shoes. Lace and button,
all are included in this mam
moth sale and must be sold.
$8.00 values, $5.45; $7.00 shoes, $4.45. Dozens oic shoes at less, than cost. You
will lose if you fail to visit our store this week. Arrange now to come and see the
bargains.
1 HENRY GRANT
MAIN STREET
THE SHOE MAN
LOWELL
which are advertised on the j
opposite page. Come in j
1 and try on a pair. They are j
wonderful values. J
OFi
Solid Comfort
a e
Right Down Town
Stantsn & Overland Sts.
EL PASO, TEXAS
Hotel Savoy
Scjman t Schaldach. Pr?ps ,
Operated on Merit Try It
Best Dollar Day House in the
Great Soulhweit
m
s
I
RE
The New Black Tread
30x3, Non-skid $14.10
30x3!2 Non-skid $18.30
32x314, Non-skid $21.40
31x4, Non-skid $28.00
33x4, Non-skid $29.85
34x4, Non-skid $30.65
35x4V2, Non-skid $43.10
Fully Guaranteed
Adjustments Made at
our salesroom. Ccme in
and see them.
We alfo see the famous
"ROYAL
CORD"
Hyde & Strack
Next to
Borderland Garage
Phcne 839 Phone 859
Johnson Addition
AUTO SUPPLIES
VULCANIZING
Republic
Tires
Are the Cheap t
to Use on Any
Car
Republic tires are made by the wonderful Pro
dium Process which reduces friction to a mini
mum. Republic tires are constructed to give
thousands of miles of real service to owners,
over all kinds of roads.
Call at our shop and let us show you the
rugged thread and its great tensile strength
and then let us equip your car with Republic
tires.
Western
Vulcanizing
Shop
JOHNSON ADDITION
Our Vulcanizing and Retreading Facilities are the Best
In the Warren District
2 - -J
mm
What the Threads Are For
Every one of the 196.000 threads in the
Threaded Rubber Insulation of the Still Better
Willard has a definite mission.
Every thread allows free passage to the battery
solution. Through this multitude of tiny paths
the chemical action which means a good, strong
current goes on with perfect freedom.
No insulation ever used has equalled hard
rubber in ability to resist every day wear and
tear. No method of conducing current through
the hard rubber has the efficiency of the tiny
threads. Ar.J ths combination is found only in
the Still .Better Wi':krd Battery. Let us tell
you more about tlia insulation and the battery
that uses it. " ! .'
LOHMAN & WRIGHT!
Central Theatre Building - - Lowell
MM
CoOYTlalh M1flfl1 191 EIGHT
r
THEATR1
TP
CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11
TODAY
CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11
TRIANGLE PRESENTS
WM. FOX Presents the Attraction Extraordinary, with George Walsh, Gladys Brock
well, Marian Cooper and All-Star Cast Two and One-Half Hours of Thrills, Action,
Tears, Heart Throbs and Interest
R. A. WALSH'S MASTER DRAMA
d mn til
In the 5 Act Comedy Drama
KAI .K.
frit
h - &a i n b u n
u a b y u vi. izj a u
s
66 The Hono
A Maestro Production in Ten Biff Acts
Never Before Has a Production of Such Magnitude Been Offered at Popular Prices
Children, 15c; Adults 25c, Matinee and Night Music by Orchestra
Jeggie- Mixe
s
ft
f A TYPICAL FAIRBANKS' PICTURE WITH ALL THE PEP ACTION AND g
I cn rc nnri !" to wAirn rnn '
) BSC
LYRIC THEATRE
TODAY
WILLIAM A BRADY, Director General WORLD-PICTURES, Fresents
RIADGE- EVANS and HENRY HULL in
, "The Volunteer"
DIRECTED BY HARLEY KNOLES
The film unique! The film fascinating! The film that will make everyone sit up
. and take notice.
Madge Evans and Henry Hull in the most realistic sort of roles.
A film that will boost recruiting, although it does not contain a single war scene.
See this remarkable attraction. - IN FIVE PARTS
ESZsxsBBkSatAaKSsassa 'for caliente.
j Sam Harris was an outgoing passen-
Balcony 5c Rer last evening for Caliente. Arizona,
Lower floor 10c Jl where he will remain or a few weeks.
Reserved seats 20c 5: '
. PHOENIX BOUND.
' The Golden State Limited last eve-
' ning c arried out the following r.as-
rengers bound for the.capitol: K. J.
Flanipan. JT. 11. Ware. John Sanders,
i.. Mct'leellan dand J. J. Sparks.
-ALSO-
S
FOR LOS ANGELES.
The following nauied were outgo
ing passengers on the fiolden Siate
Limited for Los Angeles last evening:
J. Woolaeutt. H Krutzr. L. D. Ellis,
r. C Carnalso. Jennie C Cowen, J.
F. Ward, Jaek Grant, J J. Grant. Mae
Lehauer. W. A. Kami, Mrs. (). E.
Huntley and O. L. Mitchell
l BISBEE VISITOR:
i Ed I'ayeatt. representing the West
; Disinfecting company, was in the city
vflste'day a st'ort business trip in
the interests of his firm. He is an
i old time friend of Policeman Joe
; Hard wik. Tiiey were officers togeth
' er 5 ii Washington, where Payeatt was
: sheriff for a number of years.
WILLIAM N. SELIG PRESENTS
WILLIAM FABLES, JAMES HARRIS and AMY DENNIS in
"A B
ear Fact"
A Rollicking Comedy in Two Parts
WILL RETURN HOME.
1 Mrs. W. T. Tupper o San Diego,
who was called here on account of
, the illness and subsequent death of
.her mother, Mrs. C. W. Blackburn,
will return to her home the latter
! part of the week. She will be ac
companied by her sister, Mrs. J. W.
i !-'. tt and her daughter, Florence, wo
. will spend a few weeks with Mrs. Tup
! per and the balance of the summer at
. the different beaches.
Business Locals
2-Act Triangle Comedy
30 - Minutes of Lauo-hter - 3ft 8
! 1
ia m ADMISS 1p-7E, 15cNIGHT. IS AND 2& J
Orpheum Theatre
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24
. y - - .
A. H. Woods Presents His Latest Comedy Success
m
Pollijinm
ML
'mm mum
Expert paper hanger and painter. C.
3. Brandt. Phor.e 45G. Box 150. 5S0
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT
The Ozark boarding and rooming
house, 71 Brewery Gulch. Adv. 1C1
ROCKHILL'S 3TAGE
Blebee-Tombstone, Leaves Blsbee
Blsbee Auto Co., 7 a. m, 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone Blsbee 6. AdT.
MATERNITY HOME.
Call Black 573 tor terms, etc.
Advertisemer.t-974
L. L. Gi'.mnn sells the New Edison,
"the phonotrraph with a soul."
Guarantee Paint Co., Phone 750.
Adv. 609
Ufts the dark vei: of themst, reads
the destiny of the f 'ture. Across from .
theatre, Lowell. Adv. 653
ROYAL THEATRE
TODAY 1 TO 10:30 TODAY
UNIVERSAL FILM CO. Presents
JACK MULHALL
"The Midnight Man"
A FIVE ACT FEATURE CF THE BETTER CLASS
ALSO A GOOD COMEDY
,MUSIC BY ROYAL ORCHESTFA
ADMISSION BALCONY, 5c; LOWER FLOOR, 10c
SPECIAL COMIN.G MONDAY SPECIAL
Wm. S. Hart in "A DESPERATE CHANCE"
EDDIE POLO and VIVIAN REED
in Second Episode of
"THE BULL'S EYE"
ALSO TWO-REEL L-K-O COMEDY
City Briefs
Kas anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so. call
the Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, Phone 39.
HAS RETURNED.
County Engineer J. V. Ryan has re
turne dfrom Southern California
where he met with the members of
the county highway. commission, went
to Inspect the paved roads in that
section. Mr. Ryan states that they
visited a number of sections or liie
country and viewed about $25.0.i)Oi
worth or paved roads. He stated that
the paved roads in that section were
all riKht but when a machine ut off
o fthe pavi?d roads they were up
against it. The dirt roads there can
not compare to the dirt roads in Co
chise county.
FROM HEREFORD.
Bob Reay, manager of the Hereford
store was in the city yesterday on a
short business visit. He sttites that
there is a very great need of rain in
(hat locality at the present time anl
t''at cattle are beginning to show the
effects of the draught and unless there
is a rain or two befoer the summer
rains .the cattlemen will suffer .ireat
losses.
NO MORE JAMACIA GINGER
Local druggists have been notified
that the sale of Jamacia Ginger will
be considered a sale of intoxicating
liquor and the vendor subject to Pr
rest under the provisions of the pro
hibition law. The Supreme court on
Friday affirmT-d the decision of the
Graham county court in its findings in
the case where a man had been con
victed for selling- Jamacia Ginger.
The court hel dthat it was an intoxi
cating liquor. There has been quite
a lot of the stuff sold since the pro
hibition law went into effect.
HOW TO OBTAIN MEXICAN PASS
PORT THROUGH NACO, SONORA
Ary person wishing to go into Mex
ico must make application 20 days be
fore they get the passport, at the Mex
ican consulate at Xaco, Arizona. G.
Meade Fierro, "-Mexican consul.
Adv. 804
DANCE.
C. & A. Band Dance, Warren Park.
Admmis--Adv.
740
Wednesday and Saturday.
sion f 0 cents. Ladies free.-
STRAWBERRY SHORT CAKE
with whip cream. English Kitchen.
Adv. 711
! Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath, SS Mason
; Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue 47.
Adv. 231
For noon day lunca, go to the
English Kitchen and try one of their
1 35c combinations; choice of three'
j combinations. Kiv. 3!7
llliliifi
ay i
eKVU 'I' HJ
A Farcical Display in Three Views, "Mary's Ankle,"
Bright, Clean Snappy Denver Timei.
PRICES 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.50 PLUS WAR TAX
SEATS NOW ON SALE
BOYS HEAVYWEIGHT blue denim
overalls, 65c a pair. KOBEY'S, Opp.
Eatle Theater.
I
ORPHEUM THEATRE
LYRIC THEATRE
MONDAY, APRIL 22D
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
The Damaged
Goods
MONDAY, APRIL 22D
Balcony, 5c; Lower Floor, 10c; Reserved Seats, 20r
"Over Here
STARTING TOMORROW
99
Georgette, Charmeuse, Taffeta. Wool Jersey, Crepe de Chine, Chiffon,
Serge, Silk and Gingham
This collection of superbly smart, new styles is, so varied as to
satisfy the most diverse preferences. A wid assortment of desirable
colors and color combinations and clever trimming effects. Special
regular $12.0(1 to $14.00 gingham, cut to $7.95: silk. flS.00 to f'.'S.nu.
reduced to $15.75.
Blouses
Models designed to add the final note of smartness to the tailored
suit are shown in many new styles; every high color of the season,
flesh, white, biege, maize. Nile, etc., materials Georgette, crepe Ue
chine, voile, pussy willow. Regular prices $5.00 to $.S.00, reduced to
$2.45.
Distinctive Waists
A collection of new styles that gives an incomparable brightness
to our showing of Spring Waists; handsome new models that possess
smartness and distinction. Regular $12.00 to $15.00, cut to $ti.y.".
BETTER GOODS AT A LOWER PRICE IS OUR BOOSTER.
"PROVE IT TO YOURSELF."
THE. JIP BLOCK CO. OF DOUGLAS '
will pay $5.00 to the man who took!
the v.ork bench from the rear of Cun-M
ningham house, it he win return the
Jip Hlock sign to A. Parker, Warren. '
Adv. 2
CARD OF THANKS !
Wt wish to extend our most heart
felt thanks to our many friends, for
the kindness extended during the ill-'
nesx and subsequent death of our be-:
loved mother.
MRS. J. W. SCOTT. '
MRS. W. T. Tl'PPKR, j
MRS. C. M. MEK1A.
WILLIAM, ALBERT,
and
FRANK BLACKBURN.
Ad".
BOYS' SHOES
Just received a large shipment of
sturdy shoes for boys, including a
boy's nniiy shoe, at $3.50. KOBEY'S.
Opp. Eagle Theater. J67 ;
Fniitman s Fashion Shop
HUGHES BLOCK
BISBEE
K. OF C. INITIATION
The Knights of Columbus will exem
plify the Second and Third Degrees 1
in then hall on Sunday, April 21. after ;
whicji a banquet will be served by the
ladiet of St. Patrick's church, in St.
Pntrick's Hall at 8 p. m. All members ,
of the congregation wishing to attend '
cin p-.-oenre tickets at ths door. Cov- j
ers will be laid for about 300 persons.
Adv. 926
(TOO LATETddASSI FY.)
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms.'
First house on main road below the j
Lowell Mine. 5
TWO NIGHTS ONLY
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, APRIL 26 AND 27
i
JOHNCmPRESEffl
'rue 8sr comic orer t yefis NW ram amo
m mwmmm
P i? SMASHING OPERATIC
I rf if f LYRICS
jl CJTXXJ- SvKSIV3lQ5S0l1
mf j ' Jf STAceo a? nto iatham
X. ' ' ORfflNAL NEW YOfi
W.. -- PRODUCTION '
I
FOit RENT 5-room furnished house.
Cfll between 10 and 1 Monday. 138 !
Cknnl Hill A
tflUIPVI ......
FO.t RENT Three separate rooms;
suitable for roomers. Pbone BIsck
T'JK. 3
"Easily the most charming of Musical Plays."
With a Notable Cast of Unusually High Calibre. Pretty
Girls. Music. Costumes. Dances and Scenery. 20
Delightful Musical Hits. 3 Big Acts.
' SEATS ON SALE NOW
Attractive Prices 50c, 75c, $1.00 and $1.50
BASEBALL IS WARREN PARK
Copper Queen vs. Junction
Admission 35c, Including War Tax
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULT8 ft
Safin
MINING
SOCIETY
SECTION I
SECTION
i
MEMScR ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL 20. No. 271.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 21, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
.'I
.
. . I
MINERAL EXPERT
DETAILS USE OF
METALS IN
Prof. M. A. Allen, Technical
ogist, Declares Over Three
Pounds of Copper Enter
One Small Shell.
KINGMAN", Ariz,. Aaril 20 Prof.
M. A. Allen, mineral techniealogist,
recently delivered an interesting ad
dress at the Kingman high school
upon the subject of "War Viner
able. Among other things he said:
"To illustrate the tremendous
consumption of minerals on the
French front,! will choose the amount
of material that is consumed in a
three inch shell. Copper goes into
the three inch shell to the amount nt
three and a half pounds. There is
about a pound and a half of copper in
the cartridge case, which is recover
able. These guns are capable of fir
ing from twenty to thirty shots pel
minute, or twenty to thirty pounds to
the minute. A ton of ore containing
1 1-2 per cent copper is used every
minute. You can get some idea of
what this means where guns are
claimed to be as close as eight yards
apart along the front, each one fir
ing twenty to thirty shots per min
ute." He said that most of the war min
erals of prominence enter into the
manufacture of steel, and as machin
ery plays an important part in the
conduct of the war, steel production
is one of the most essential, and in
his lecture Prof. Allen dealt mostly
with the minerals t)iat enter into
the production of steel.
After passing through the iron blast
furnaces the iron ore, now made into
pig iron, is taken to the eteel plant
to be made into steeL by the addi
tion of carbon and other materials.
The air remains to some extent in the
molten metal, and in order to take the.
air and other, impurities out. other
materials are used. Manganeses is
one of the materials added.
Prof. Allen gave an extensive treat
ise on the process of removing im
purities from the pig iron for mak
ing into steel, such as the air, sul
phur and phosphorous. There is a
shortage of manganese in the United
States. Russia and Brazil have been
out source of supply in the past, but
because of the lack of shipping facil
ities, it is difficult to get this ma
terial brought in at the present time,
and the supply is now not eo.ual to
the demand. The manganese found
in this country is found in low grade
ores, and a process is being attempt
ed, whereby low grade manganese can
be treated successfully.
The German government imported
twice as much manganese in 1914 as
she had ever imported at any time in
her history, due probably to war an
ticipations. Germany at the present
time, is working manganese ore bod
ies of 8 per cent. Ours is expected to
run 4ft per cent. Manganese does not
enter directly into the making of mu
nitions, but is used in all machinery;
for heavy operations.
Wolframite is a Tungsten ore in
which iron and manganese content va-;
ries considerably. Humbnerite is an
other, containing a maximum amount
of manganese, and ferberite is also
a tungsten mineral contianing a maxi
mum amount of iron. Tungsten is
used in high speed steels.
Graphite is another war mineral,
but it .is produced very little in this
country- New York state and Ala
bama produce a little, but most of it
comes from foreign countries. Graph
ite crucibles are used in the making
of all kinds of alloys.
Tungsten steel is used to make thej
tools cut deeper and the lathe ma
chine can be made to run faster. The
amount of tungsten in tool steel is
about 18 per cent. Tungsten tools can
be made to do as much as five tools
of carbon steel.
Molybdenum behaves exactly as
tungsten in steel, and has the same
proflert ies.. but where 18 per cit J
oi mngsien is required, v per eeni
of molybdenum may be used.
Wulfenite and molybdenite are
molytUeniJi 'materials. the latter:
looks like metallic lead. Wulfenite,
and molybdenite are found in Ari
zona. There is some copper present'
in the product found here, and it
is hard to separate coj.per sulphides
from molybdenite). Molybdenite is
used for lining guns, and where car-i
bon steel will wear one very rapid-1
ly. molybdenite steel w ill last for 220 :
rounds in a three inch gun, without!
replacing the ining. I
Caronite is another important min-;
eral, because of its vanadium, radium
and uranium content. Vanadium is,
one of the important minerals in the!
manufacture of steel, and has a pecu
liar effect. Vanadium steel can stand'
reversal of. stress more than an ordi-j
nary carbon steel so that it is used!
in the making of motor car springs. J
Another use the French government;
is making of vanadium steel is for
(Continued on, Fng Two)
IAR YEAR
CALUMET & HECLA
COSTS HIGHER IN
JUST CLOSED
The report of the Calumet & Hecla
Mining Company for the year ended
December 31. 1917, is the first docu
ment issued by that company showing ;
an itemized income account. Figured I
from the purelv m'ning point of view
the company earned a surplus of $X-1
Qr.4 QJt bftnii tuvaa Adial tn SQTi?'
per share on the 100,000 shares of
stock outstanding. In addition to
this, however, the income from in- j
vestments in subsidiary company j
stocks amounted to $3,200,677, adding
per snare to ine auuvt aim mihiwhk
total earnings equal to $121.52 per
share.
As the Calumet management has
adopted a new style of reporting, the
cost or construction was not included
in the actual cost of mining. Last
year the company spent $2.274.fl01 for
construction at the main property and
at the Tamarack. This is equal to
$22 per share and if deducted from j
the total earnings leaves the net earn
ines approximately $99 per share.
This is about the amount earned in
1916.
The striking feature of the report
was that the total cost of producing
copper was 17.21 cents per pound as
against 11.63 cents for 1916. This
high cost includes income and excess
profits taxes amounting to $979,474
and construction charges of $2,274,901
These two items added 4.20 cents to
the cost of production, smelting, mar
keting, etc.
Thus the cost of production pei
pound of Calumet in 1917, was higher
than that of Ahmeek and Allouez,
which reporter 13.45 cents and 16.S4
cents respectively, while the isle itoy
ale reported a total cost of
l8.u
cents and Osceola showed 17.89 cents.
All these costs include the excess I
profits income taxes for 1917 and the j
construction costs.
It should be noted that the company
carried over 17.967,381 pounds of cop
per at the mining cost of production.
This might just as well have been
carried at the official selling price of
23 cents in which event there would
have been extra earnings of $1.8S6.595
equal to $18.f 6 per share, thus bring
ing the actual i.et up to about $1 IS
per share. This carry over will show
to the advantage in the 1919 earnings.
T'le company reported a further de
crease in the rounds of copper per
tone of rock treated, the yield being
2165 pounds as against 22
oS 1u"ns I
in the previous years. This reduction :
was the result of a falling off in t.ie ,
rock of both the conglomerate l0(le!durnig the week bv President C. E. !
and the Osceola lone. ine iormer ,
showed a yield of 28.78 pounds as com-
pared to nearly 0 pounds in ine twoiF Brose, assistant secretarv, who ar
preceding years. The yield from tlie j rived from the camp near old Fort
Osceola lode was 12'79 pounds as , McDowell, the officials coming to this
against 13.60 pounds in 1916 and l-.3-;citv
pounds in 1915. During the year j reports were received with favorable
the conglomerate lode production ; comnlent Dv those interest, and de
should result in an increase in the velopment plans were approved. The
yield for the reason that the produe-1 statement made by Mr. Meyers that
tion of the Tamarack property will be , no companv stock is to be offered for
included tn, the CoJumets' tonnage. ; gaIe and tjlat affairs had paRBed 0t
As there is a substantial amount or of tne promotion stage occasioned fa
rich rock in the Tamarack this should i vorai,ie comment also. Mr. Meyers
sweeten the Calumet's rock. states that a plan of co-ordination is
At the annual meeting of the Calu-,now the purpose 0f the Rej Moun-
met 4c Hetia stocKnoiaers. me reur -
ng directions were re-elected. There
were 61.611 shares out of the rental of
100.000 represented.
BEGGARS GIVEN HOMES
j " '
custcmis of old Mexico are givmg way ;
before modern movements. The old
irOr7 M . w A nvil OA infant
blind and cnppiea Deggars wno nave'
Deggea coins ana said prajers ior me i
. ... f ii...
tourists in
front of the mission church i
are to be removed and placed in an
asylum which was formerly
ilia s t
packing plant for saiugntenng oien
cattle.
Tlta wnmen rhnnlv eommis-
sion MOf Juarez similar to th Awciat-,
fdtCb.ar. f fcirr ,h.
!ilfen thA tnsk of rannz for these men i
taken tbe task of caring for these men
dlcants who nave noverea m tne st.aa-
XLlTTrilrT
killed during the revolutionary battles
because they were unable to seek safe-1
ty in fligJit
PRINT THRIFT REMINDERS
EL PASO, Tex.. April 20. Each
time a pupil in the public schools op
ens a text book to study a little print
ed slip of paper flutters out to remind
the pupil that thrift will win the war
and ninnies must not be wasted. In
the high school print shop enough of;
these slips nave Deen pnnied lor tin
of the books belonging to all the pu
pils in the schools and they have been
distributed by the teachers as a part
of the thrift campaign.
TORPEDO TEAS
EL PASO. Tex.. April 20 Torpedo
teas ar being given by El Paso wom
en at their homes to raise money
with which to purchase yarn fr the
Navy League. The teas take their
name from the fact that small banks
shsoed like tomedoes are distributed 1
and tbe money for the yarn fund idlers but in the same inning Captain lcco:vei of the Pope Manufacturing tai ks in the Handera at British bead
Placed in these banks by the players, j Luderus. for the locals, lined the ball I company, died at hsi home here, late quarters In France. The correspon I
A rhain of these torpedo teas is now pvr tbe Tight flnld fence, scoring today. He was a former president of.ent adls that all the attacks were re
being given by the members of (lie two runners ahead of him and tied the American Manufacturers assocla-j pulsed an dthat on the whole the day
league. the score. ;tlon and was 74 years old. was quiet.
IK
U; S. Marines on Firing Line-
v''- l -r ' -djf V " '
1 $y .
Recruits Again Being Accepted for
The fighting face of the U. S. Ma-' them are now in France, others arc I men. Recruitinjr has again been re
fine. i aboard the battleships, in the navy j sumed. Yoanj; mm by the score are
It is a si.cht to thrill every Ameri-! yards, and serving at the foreijm flockinjr to the Recruiting Stations
r.m. H, feels that a rctriment of stations maintained bv Uncle Sum. I in Los Anse'es. San Dieco. Bakers-
SJCh men could go "over the top to
vj-torv anywhere
-phc ranks of the Marines are filled
wjtn su,.j, soldiers, men who have
passed the hiichest physical and men-i
tal examinations.
Southern California has contribu-,
ted hundred. of younji men for serT
vice with the Marines Some of
RED MOUNTAIN MINE
i HAS PROMISING ORES
PRFtSmTT Anril TTnt.iiU ot
initial operations of the Red Moun
tain con80lidated Copper Mines com-l J
Danv .. Dlaced before stockholders : t
nnnv u-pre nlrirerl hofnra Etnr-V-hnlc era !
Severs. ai;W the general manager,
jaraes jr. Sullivan, vice-president, and
for tna, 8neciric nurnose. Their
tain and on this basis of operating.
development has started in a practi-;
cal and energetic manner. .New ma
chinery is being installed and shaft
work has started, while (juite a camp
has sprung up to accommodate em
ployees. Being a geologist of wide
rating, Mr. Meyers, report as to mine
conditions was weighed as authorita-
interesting
Lsso, dates of the
. ...
nuiciiuiu uuiu iiiiicn cai.iiiiii, n ni. ic
AaaDm;natc.A rnnner v.w in !
a r...
l 1 UOl U L Tl C U t UUUUI.Irf U I,J1 , T I
o t a ,i niinmiii? i Miier nn nvanmiHTion. i ne
, , . : . I
ri,rar,or nt .in.
inierei a io mr much en 11 i inn ,
.. .. . . i
cified schist being idential to that of 1
occupied bv the Uav Con-
Bolldatod ami likewise of that of the
. . I
Miami mineral country. Mr. Meyers;
-
r over 400 feet, was.another
feature which added attractively to
the future and also was an important j
oondlicn jndicatinf? what de'pth ,
ill probability will conclusively de
termine in making a big property. The
i ore values are copper, gold and sil-
! j I, ! .nn.i1in,tinn
ri, iui lump, a u"'11"7 iimiuuiaiii'iit
but the red metal ranks as the most
acconlial anil hna lha luiift All nhnv.
n'ffi,ll 'have returned tn th enmn
and their mission here was well re -
eeive,l t,r lor1 tSorld,nlders This is '
the first trip to Arizona of Mr. Brose.
jIe js weIi pleased with Arizona and
enthusiastic over the Red Mountain.
THREE HOME RUNS
PHILADELPHIA. April 20. Meusel.
a Philadelphia recruit hit Hughes'
first pitch to him fora drive Into the (
lert field bleachers in the tenth and
beat Boston. Ordinarily the !rlve ,
would have counted a home run bet
Wbitted scored the winning run trom j
first, which he had sained on Rawl-!
inc's fumble. In the seventh, ni'cber
Huchf drove a homer into the bleach-
TV. .
i'
B1!
if
it
I
Marine Corps. Young Men Flock to
Marines are tiair.cd wiih ine rinc !
!as their preliminary schooling. I'ur-i
!thcr training is then triven a!on the
; lines fiir whic.i they r.re best adapted.
This can be artillery, aviation, wire-1
less telegraphy, clerical work or;
other dutie s.
! Coi.crcfs h;s 'j'jr-t ' increased the j
Msn-i--- ' ' m .".'.). (HHi to ."(). 0(1(1 i
CLIFTON-MORENCI IS :NEXT COPPER PRICE
WORKING FULL FORGE; ATTRACTS COMMENT
PHOENIX. April 20. "The three
big copper producers of the Clifton
Morenci district the Arizona, the De-j
ITOlL alia llie MlHTinon are WurKlux
full time with full shifts and proiluc-,
Commissioner Rudolph Kuchler this
morning. Commissioner Kucliler has! cents, but this opinion is not unani
just returned from a tour of inspection nious. and there appears to be notRing
with the other members of the com ( detmit upon which to base the belief,
mission, Greenlee county being given! other than the assertion that an ad
to him in the distribution of the work' vane is necessary and reasonable,
of the inspection. Similar assertions when ;he present
"Furthermore. I was informed in the; price of 2:! 1-2 cents was fixej failed
office of Hywell Davies. federal labor; to influence the Board, and there is
administrator for Arizona, who now j n' evidence that the views of that
has his office at Clifton, that labor j body have changed. There can be no
conditions in the district are good and doulit. however, that the production
that there is a general harm6ny be-jof the metal is restricted by the low
tween the miners and the mines man price and that as costs are advancing
agements. Evidences of the strike ni I steadily further cum nut ion will occur
the district have about disappeared unle; s the price is advanced in most
and conditions are back to normal ana :
just about as they were before the!
strike was called last year.
The livestock Industry in the coun-,
ty is in excellent shape not withstand
ing the drouth. County officials and
the county assessor inform me that
there will be. a much larger number of
cattle assessed this year than last.
Commercially, Greenlee county is do-
ine well.
"
Commissioner Km hler ran into a !
ouarantine at Clifton, but was nassed '.
- ... .
niinrnntine is against a verv nialiirnant '
- " . . -
type of grip that is prevalent in Mo- i
rpnc art -Metcaii.- stated Kucnier.
; i ,iA.nniri ...... i i- 1. 1 I
"Ir, Bunch, the
has' the situatii
,!. .
county neaitn oiucer.'0f Hie metal is not a.lvunced by the
on well in hand and I
tl,e quarantine will be lifted within a
few davg, it is thoKilt."
The tax commission will leave short- -
lv for a ,our of the northern counties.
l ",e Rlate.
MAY INCREASE PENSIONS
"iriv rt' i'W I.i-uwtl Wire!
I WASHINGTON. April 20. Increase
I to $".0 a month in the minimum pen
I sions for civil war veterans and trad-1
'! iiflffwl tiwroasou In Ht rc ,iriin(i4'.l ir t
ua,el ireases to $40 are proposed mi
abm V'S7"t0; Sn'0t f V"1' 2" "
""lered today by the senate. 1 he
measure woul diucrease the govern-
ments. pension roll $ Jii.0OH.0ii0. or
about 20 per cent next year. Th
only opposition tothe bill was Irom ,
Senator Thomas of Colorado, who Faid
it was "extravagance." '
Owing to the absence of a imiu n 1
further action on the measure was
postponed andthv senate
until Monday,
adjourned
GEORGE POPE DEAD
(Bv Rvlcw I.cawvl Wire)
HAR1TOK l. Conn.. April 20-
HAR1TOK l. Conn.. April 20 Col-
onel George Tope, president and later
1
c ' S
.-'a : i.-t.- Vul if'
&AY
jivv GGHDRICH HUBEER ZO.ftuM
-'(fif hews auKEy W
This Desirable Branch of Service.
fichi and Phoenix. Arizona.
Drafted men are eligible for en-
listment in the M.arine Corps pro
vided they obtain release from their
respective boards. Married men can
also enlist. The sue limit is from
18 t 35. BoiiMct containing full
detail can bi' obtained by-v:-iins
to any of ti e R-.'crultinir Offices.
The discussion of the action of the
War Hoard regarding the fixing of the
price of copper at the expiration of
' i ue iresent Ti;i ni connnues to aosoro
attention among copper interests.
tion that the prie will he made
instances the increase, if granted
would add nothing to the divisible in-
come, but would merely permit the
companies to maintain their present
balances.
All of the annual reports that tire
being made public tell the same story
of heavily increased costs, and the
margin of profits is being steadily
reduced, even without reference to
the war taxes, which call for a large
....rcniace. The coi.i.er refiners will
,i..,u,,,i iu. ir r.nn nf i,v fl.i-
.... p........ ...... ... ...
vi.,., m-n i tii ,.-i'i ,.r ,.i.i,n..r
vauce made m
o.. aiin(rA ti,-,t ilmlr r,fint
nn ukj ,. p.. ..... .
chames re below a reasonable l.a
siM. n ;s possible that if the price
. . , .
Government the refiners w ill advance
their charges anyway, which would
eliminate the gerater part of the prof
jts Ti,e present agreement has some
time yet to run. expiring May 31. s
that there is no immediate call for
action on the part of the War Board.
Naturally the producers are more ner
vous over it than is the Hoard.
SNOW IN MID-WEST
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. April 20-Win
tcr ,,Bi,l,a ,"'laI"d visi! in, "le I"?'!!
west today and spread snow and fall
ing temperatures from Missouri and
Kansas into Texas. It also brought
generous rainfall over the Kansas
wheat belt.
At Dalharl. Texas. It was reported
that snow was falling throughout that
section and had extended northward
into OlJaJioiua. Fruit growers of that
portion of Texas and Oklahoma are
said to fear considerable damage will
be done to fruit trees.
HUN THRUSTS REPULSED
LONDON. April 20.
During the
mornin? there were local Gorman it
April Copper Output
Normal Despite Plague
In Arizona Producers
Present Figures Point to Return of State in Productiveness to
Works cf Last Year; Epidemics of Grippe Invades State,
Seriously Hurting Output; Mine Operators Disprove In
jurious Reports at Phoenix Meeting.
Reports from the different copper producing districts of the state Indicate
that the April output will be very close to normal. The strenuous efforts
that have been made to attain normal, Indeed, would have brought better
than a normal total except for the fact that an epidemic of grippe prevalent
in the state caused severe losses from working forces in nearly all of the
districts during the first half of the month. Bisbee, Clifton-Morenci and
Globe-Miami suffered particularly in this respect. High winds and much
dust have been assigned as the main cause of the epidemic by physicians.
These causes were assisted by mur"h variation in temperature during the
month. As many a four hundred men have been unable to report at some
cf the properties on single days.
GENERAL WORKING CONDITIONS
It is to be said that on the whole general labor conditions in the state are
in a better way than at any time since the middle of last year. This means
that the mining companies have broken in new men and are beginning to get
efficiency from them in the place of the men withdrawn under the draft and
attracted to government contract employment by higher wages. All of this,
cannot be overcome, of course, for a considerable time to come, but a good
deal of it has been surmounted. The technical departments are the slowest
to make response, for more of these men find or have found urgent call for
their services in the fighting division of the country. In the ranks of straight
lalior. it must be understood that a good part of the deficiency has been
made up by the employment of increased numbers of men. The hope is that
the development of skill among these will enable return to normal numbers
in the- attainment of a given output from a given quantity of labor.
AGITATORS IN DISFAVOR
A markedly noticeable development which has received impetus during
the present Liberty I.oan activities and through the realization which has
been forced daily of the more serious situation abroad, is unreserved dispo
sition on the part of the greater number of mining district men to let agita
tors know plainly that the time is considered most inopportune for their
efforts, which cannot be classed under existing conditions as more or less
tJ'an effort to hinder the government in its service to its soldiers and sailors
and to those of its allies. The existence and pursuit of sabotage is anouier
factor that has awakened high resentment to the continuance of the efforts
of agitators bent upon advancing the doctrines of organization regardless of
the pressure of the hour for concentration along lines of maximum endeavor
on the job. While the agitators may not be directly responsible, it is pointed
out. for the interference with conditions that sabotage is attempting in
dicerent localities all over the country, the fact is held to remain that the
arguments employed in the main by the agitators tend to encourage violence
on the part of illy balanced men who may be afflicted with belief that they
are not receiving all the fairness from the world that they are entitled to.
CANNOT CONFIRM CHARGES
Of importance as establishing in a public way that the agitators are
wholly without proof to sustain their allegations of conditions in the mining
distri-.ts which are threatening to legitimate labor organization and there
fore "miikilig I. W. W.." to use the language of the agitators, was the confer
ence conducted by the State Council of Defense executive committee in
Phoenix tiiis week. In this conference it was established positively and
definitely that the agitators have based all of their charges and claims ot
causes for complaint in the mining districts, upon gossip, suspicion and far
fetched deductions of their own. The agitators were present and were given
the fullest opportunity to produce facts, hut were unable to muster a single
statement that they could sustain with proof. More than that, they were
obliged to admit that they lacked tiie evidence to sustain their statements
and charges and were compelled to retire completely discredited. Both
McCIuskey and Croae tmik their seHts and kept them when accusations they
had brought were denounced in plain terms as lies by thost against whom
the charges had been made. In each instance under the direct charge of
lying.the, agitators hacked away with the declaration that they had "been
told" but did not know and could not produce the names of those who "told"
them. Exposure of this kind of the methods of the professional agitaors
cannot but be helpful in bringing workingmen at large in the state to demand
proof of them when they make assertions, not hearsay, gossip or suspicion,
but actual facts. The latter they have never given in the conduct of agita
tion in Arizona and had there been a Council of Defense or other established
organization in the state of reputable standing which might have been called
upon early in last year to investigate the reports then being circulated by
agitators, the strikes of the middle of the year might have been averted.
READY TO TAKE ISSUE
The promptness with which the milling men of the state responded to
the call of the Council of Defense to answer the implied charge that they
were employing I. W. W. knowingly, was probably a surprise to the labor
gaitators. who were also called to appear, and whom, it developed in the
course of the conference, constituted the "reliable authority" which the
Council of IH'fense executive committee mentioned in its resolution calling
for an investigation. Every large copper produc ing mine in the state was
represented by its. active head and the declaration was w'ritten in large
letters that whenever a responsible organization submits question for facts
in relation to labor or operating conditions to the mines of the state it can
be counted as certain that the mining men will be there with determination
(Continued on face Twol t sn-i rfT
TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 21, 1918.
APRIL COPPER OUTPUT NORMAL
DESPITE GRIP EPIDEMIC III STATE
to put everything in the open. In this
instance the prompt and general as
semblage was due wholly to the in
dignation that was felt that such
charges as made should receive cred
ence to such extent as to warrant a
body of men such as the executive
council in considering tiiem for a mo
ment. The outcome in its general
bearing perhaps signified to the min
ing men that opportunity to get facts
before the public in contradiction to
rumors and gossip and pro-German
propaganda of agitators, was not with
out its advantages and possibly owing
to the peace and welfare of the state
at large, inclusive of the protection
of its labor from the currency of false
reports from agitators having the ef
fect of creating disaffection and strife
iu the war period, whether actually
designed to so do or not. Of one
thing the agitators will be assured
that they cannot bring their charges
through official channels and expect
to get away unscathed, as they have
been able to do on the soap-boxes.
Development in the State
Development being conducted on
new properties in the state is continu
ing ahead with excellent results at
tendant as a whole. The Yaeger can
yon property of the Shannon is ex
tending excellent promise of making
a rich new holding for that company
which in the) event of such achieve
ment would doubtless be relieved of
much of its problem in getting a pro
fitable mixture of ores tor its Clifton
smelter, and be able to continue the
operation of its mines there aided by
the Yaeger canyon product. The de
termination with which Shannon has
held on and given of great endeavor
to keep going at Clifton has earned
its reward of the most liberal and no
one but hopes it will get it, both in
Yaeger canyon and in the continued
exploration which is being kept up
persistently at Clifton. At the Yae
ger canyon property they are new
sinking 3U0 feet to the 900 level in
their vertical shaft, from which they
will direct extensive exploration
when the S00 is reached to conlirm
the excellent showings found above.
In the Verde district proper the Gads
den is continuing to hold high inter
est but as yet is without definite news
of importance. The same is true with
the Jerome Verde, also prominent in
public interest lu tho Mayor dis
trict the development being carried
on by the Consolidated Arizona Smelt
er on the deep levels of its mines is
continuing to bring higii results and
to adj to the faith that in these prop
erties the Consolidated is making
some ore bodies which will add to the
distinction of Arizona in a large meas
ure as the possessor of wonderfully
rich and extensive copper deposits.
In The South.
Denu-Arizona is getting away with
the water in its shaft in the Warren
district and before long will be ex
ploring from the 1600 station. Work
on the upper levels continues and is
attended by results of the most en
couraging character. Denn lias been
shipping a couple of cars of good
grade ore daily from its development
work and nve a considerable
item of copper produced this month
to help with its expense account. At
Ajo the development underway on
the Consolidated property acquired by
the New Cornelia last fall is contlrfu
Ing to have attendance of results in
excess of those originally anticipated
This property will unquestionably add
materially to the splendid situation
of Cornelia in the possession of ore
and to the remarkable record it has
made in capacity to handle its advan
tages, lu tne Globe-Miami district the
several important developing proper
ties inclusive of New Dominion, Por
phyry Copper and others, are making
excellent headway, in the Duncan
country below Clifton, where there
has been intermittent - activities for
many years to the end of making
mines, the Ash Peak is now indicated
to have finally landed. This property
has been under bond to the Goldfield
Consolidated interests, which during
mere than a year have conducted a
vigorous prospecting and development
campaign. The first shipments of ore
were made from the property this
week and will enable a line on the
possibilities of the ore body that has
been opened. About fifty men are
now employed at the camp. The work
recently had inspection from the Gold
field Con. staff of engineers, to whom
the situation seemed very encouraging
Gold, silver and lead are all important
iu the Ash Peak ores.
AMERICANS CAN DO ANYTHING
BISBEE YOUTH NOW ON T
"If you have to do anything you can
do it," declares Aaron English, son of
Mrs. Jane English, of this district,!
now aboard one of the United States j
transports plying between this coun-J
try and France. "Its the same way
with us, or the I. S. in this war. It's
a big job, but we have to do it. It Is
hard at first but when we get started
it will be easy. We'll drive all the
Germans off the face of the earth and
ail t'.ie rest that dou't like our style."
English is a sailor aboard an un
named American vessel. He enlisted
as cook, fourth class, and on the fifth
day was made chief cook. He has
crossed the Atlantic four times with
troops and is now on the fifth voyage.
The letter is addressed to his mother
here, and follows:
"I was ashore last night and wrote
you a letter. I did not think that would
be our last liberty. I am on the ship
now and they said tonight would be
the last shore leave, so 1 rustled some
paper to. write you once more before
SAYS
RANSPORT
I leave on another trip. Half of the
crew is on shore leave tonight but
whether or not we will get ashore to
morrow night, I do not know. I am
writing in case we don't. If we do
get off tomorrow night it will be the
last time this trip so this will be
my last letter this time.
"We have a phonograph on board
and they are playing a record that Is
sore a pretty piece. It goes some
thing like this, "Come on my dear old
lady, don't you cry, just kiss your
grown-up baby boy good-byf, some
where in France he will be fighting
fcr you and your true eyes of blue."
It surely is pretty. 1 wish you could
hear it.
"I was telling you last night of fin
ishing my wachlng. Well, I just fin
ished another tonight. When I get out
of the navy I should be a good house
keeper. I know how to wash clothes
and I know how to cook. But, believe
me, I sure hate that cooking game.
When I had it to do I could do it, but
I was certainly glad to get away from
it.
"You can imagine how I felt when
I first came aboard and the command
er came around and asked who was
the first cook and no one answered.
Then he said, 'What is your rating '
I said, 'Fourth class cook. He said,
'Did you ever cook any?' I said, A
little bit." Then he said, "All right,
you take charge of the galley (the
kitchen on a ship) I nearly fainted."
English then tells how he prepared
his first meal for 6,000 hungry soldiers.
r
MINERAL EXFERT
DETAILS USE OF
METALS IN WAR
SHOOTS AT RABBIT;
FINDS RICH LEDGE
(ContiniKfd from Fage One)
manufacturing side frames of loco-1
motives. .
One of the most Important metals ;
in the making of munitions ie nickel, j
Very little nickel is produced in th?sj
country, the chief source being Can
ada. Nickel Is produced Iu Norway,
and doubtless Germany has gotten ii
great deal of her nickel for use in
German torpedoes from Norway. Nick-;
el steel is used in motor car parts,,'
in aeroplane engines, and also fori
armor and armor piercing projectiles.
This product goes into bridge struc-j
tures to a great extent. Nickel en-;
ters as a pure alloy to steel.
Chroninm answers almost the same ;
purposes as nickel, but is not pro-
duced to any extent in this country.!
It is also used in aeroplane engines.
The government has prohibited the :
use of chromial steel in making mo
tor car parts at the present time.
If we continue to use platinum for
jewelry, the government will prob
ably requisition all platinum in this
country for military purposes. Gold
is often found with platinum. Ninety
per cent of the worlds production ot ,
platinum formerly came from Itussia.j
which will be available to Germany It ,
she enters Russia. Gold mining is!
also important at this time.
Magnesite is used for concerter lin-j
Ing. The available supply in 1S15
was only 10.000 tons, and at present;
the supply is 310,000 tons, and about
COO.000 tons are being used, leaving I
an ever supply of about lO.OuO tons '
which shows what can be developed '
when the need arises. As magnesite j
is used for lining copper converters, ;
it is an important war material. It!
came efaitlly from Greeco and Tur-'
key, a imJ .doubtless the lmge mineral
the reasons for Germany's anxiety to!
have Turkey as an ally. I
Tho industry of coal mining is ol
course a most important one at this!
time coal is manufactured into coks
and the by-products recovered. Iliesej
by-products are used in the luamifae-j
ture of hiii power explosives. There'
are about &0 deviratives from coal
tar, and in former years, these liy-j
products were lost entirely in tliel
process of manufacturing coal into,
coke. However, by the use of im-j
proved methods, these il ru. 'fives arei
entirely saved. ,
There are no nitnites prolmeil jiii
this country to any extent. IViore
the. ar nitrates ranie chiefly from;
Chile and if we could find them in
this country it would help relievo t!,e
congested :-h'.ppiriz. as nitrates lire
most important 'ii the manufacture of
munitions.
Pvritc is a ui;it rial tiiat U u'il
ii the manufacture of su!pin:ri :i i .,
which in turn Is ved in the iii'rr.;!i"i
process in makins explosives. The
government is making an appeal for
miners to look for pyrite. teri-ni: .
In many of our western pyrite, depos
its 'a small amount os fold is found.
COLONEL BOLLING DEAD
YUMA, April 20.-After a four years'
searcli W. F. Gongaware, a prospect
or, and 6, L. Kelley and W. H. Wild
er, of this city apparently have struck
it rich in the Fortuna district. Gon
gaware brought in about a ton of sam
ples yesterday, taken from a ledge
which- he found, according to Mr.
Kelley, in an unusual way. Gonga
ware shot a rabbit and the steel bul
let chipped a piece off the rocky
protuberance. Picking up the cot
ton tail the prospector's eye caught
the tlint of the yellow metal
in the last rays of a fast des
scending sun. He at first w'as incred
ulous, thinking the glfttefins crys
tals were only tho reflection of the;
suu light. But he cherished the
small ch:p of rock till morn, nor did
he sleep much during the night. As
a roseate dawn broke, the prospector j
had to summon up all his courage to
take the look that would send him to j
the heights or plunge him into the1
depths. It was gold, virgin, yellow j
gold, l.reaking off as much as he,
could pack to town, he carefully j
camouflaged the. ledge and started
for Yuma, where he arrived yesterday,
as stated.
All day yesterday Kelley, Wilder
and Gongaware were grinding up
samples and horning and panning thu
powder, every pan showing a long
streak of gold. When seen by a Sun
ma:i yesterday, Mr. Kelley said "We
are sin-ply trying not to believe it;
l;.t just the. same we're gujng out
ageia to prove it. The ledge we found
Ls in the Fortuna district. We have
two claims, the 'Kiue Pell' and the
'Kirty Deuce;' the find being on the
'Two-Spot.' "
Buy
Liberty Bonds
Now!
When you think of chocolates, always remember we
sell the famous Johnson and Chocolate Shop products,
universally recognized as America's best. -u
Chocolates, unlike most things we enjoy, are a really
healthful thing to eat. They are one of the few "tid-bits
that are really good for us.
The food value of Chocolates is high ; they are on the
diet lists of even the most delicately constituted people
they are a food of universal excellence for every age
from baby-hood to octogenarian especially if they
bear the Johnson or Chocolate Shop label.
Don't forget, we are experts in filling prescriptions
and our stock of drugs and sundry articles is one of the
largest and the most complete in the Warren district.
Central
Pharmacy;
Opposite the Depot Bisbee
Brewery Gulch
of how he read over the menu present
ed him and started the other fourth
class cooks to work. Of how he pre
pared everything but the chocolate
pudding, how he finally puzzled out a
means for cooking It. and made it
without sugar or flavoring, finally at
the last moment remembering to put
in these ingredients. He tells of the
hardships of the first trip, and of how
it became easier on the next trip and
how he saved $54,000 on meals pre
pared. He concludes:
"Then 1 changed to blacksmith, and.
believe me, 1 was Bure glad to get
away from that cooking. It just goes
to show that if you have to do any
thing, you can do It. It's the same
with us, or with the United States in
this war. It's a big job, but we have
to do it. It is hard at first but when
we get started good it will be easy.
We'll drive all the Germans off the
earth and all the rest that don't like
our style.
"Well, mama, it is getting late so
I guess I had bettpr go swing my ham
mock and turn in. I will be back
here in about a month or five weeks
so you can tell about when to write
so I will have a letter here when 1
return."
Three Local Boys
' Tl ttirrA urtilnra fl re nnrplv Warrfln
district boys. Young Madigan ia the
son of a pioneer family of this part
nTi.it Tin m rwrtl, (1 the state, and was himself reared
1 lie IlOIlie r TO III in this county. Munkers has now s
i brother In IJisbee. while McKeen has
Cnm nitilinvf) rtt Qsri several relatives in the county. They
UUlllUitbf u iv www.i,,., been in th
have been
months.
in the navy for several
From somewhere iu the Asiatic to
the Warren district is a far cry. Yet,
the words of three boys of the Warren
district now serving somewhere in
the Asiatic, have come home to Ari
zona and this district. Yesterday their
brief note reached the Review. It is
a cry of patriotism, loyal servi e and
a call to others to follow where they
have cone.
"This is from three willing volun
teers from the Home Town," says the
note. "We hope this will encourage
our friends and the remaining patri
ots of Bisbee."
The note Is written on plain sta
tionery from the U. S. S. A. 2, and
Philippine Islands is all the address
given. The note is signed:
Clair Madigan, machinist's mate,
second class.
Chester McKeen, seaman.
Roy Hunkers, semaan.
DENIED NEW TRIAL
(I!y Review Leased Wire)
MoKlUS. 111., March 20. Charles B.
Murii'y, recently convicted in connec
tion with the wrecking of the Lasalle
I street Trust and Savings bank of Chi
cago, of which he was vice-president,
j wa'i cenied a new trial today by Judge
: Slus::cr, who, however, granted him 80
: days to file a bill of exceptions and to
; mak. application for a writ of sujier-sedas.
HOLD TRACK MEET
I (Hv Review Leaned wire)
i DES MOINES, la April 20. Despite
! a driving snow storm, the ninth an-
nual ljrake Relay carnival was staged
successfully here today, principal hon-
ors going to Chicago and Missouri
I Universities and Grinnel College.
INDIANS PERMITTED
TO RETAIN CUSTOMS
TUCSON. Ariz.. April 20. Indians
of the southwest may continue bav
in:: their snake dances, their sun and
corn dances as tl.ey did before the
ro;i:ing of the white man. Upon Item
ing that (here was a movement to
have the various Indian tribes oi' the
southwest discontinue th--ir tribal cere
menies anfl adopt the more modern
one.-; instead, the Arizona Amelia' log
i:,l Society made protest to Indian
Co'emi.-siiMier Cato !"IK A protest
ttas especially made a;iinst the pro
posfri abi-inloiiienL of the Hopi Indian
driicts which attracts so inuc'i i'ttcn
tion each year.
The s.;ci'-ly called s:1:el)linn ) t'le
far Hint the Indians w re lir',
It l.e'.aved when pt r;i:i!ted to hive
their tribal dances and cremor.ies
hsd an upli.ting ee-t upon the l.-.ill
ans who believed in them devoutly.
The reply r)f th" Indian Commi -siorer
wps that tho Indians would nil he
disturbed since no oth"r race wis re
strained from holding its ceremonies.
GAIN IN DISCOUNTS
XBy Review lyawd Wire) . ll'.v !! view l.e.v. ii.-
WASm.,t.iliA. April Colonel K. WASHINGTON. A pill 2".-- Th!.
C. polling of the signal corps reservo. w( cl s f"deial reserve board s! ;t' -
recenlly reported Us mii-sing in action i.ient. showing tiie condition f the
in Fiance, was killed in action on or twelve lianKs at the c'ose of business
about March 2!". A dispMtch from the last uiyhl. Indicates l.ir:;- scale " -
American eniliasy at Paris r eked to- nation of government securities an I
lay by Assistant Secrciarv f Stale o' i ".-iiotelim: gain iu discounts,
Phileps, ltrothir-ln-l'UV of Colonel I'.oll- ca.l'.-v! rtainlv by the leeelit ecinp-
ins .tfiid the oltieer s bodv had I . 'ion t:e.in -'.imp t !.es a sec'coi!
fou:.d ou the road to Pevonue v. ith a i.y Liberty bond? aud tiea.-.'.ir;. ci 'm
bulict wound through the heart. cales.
IN MAKING MONEY
The important thing is to make clean money as well as
big. That can only be done by investing at the right
time, in the right place, in the right way. That com
bination is the
Inspiration Central
Mining Co.'s Shares
Investigate for yourself, and you will agree with others
that have investigated and invested that the Inspiration
Central is the making of another
iig Copper Mine
and we can prove it by indisputable facts that you can
not dodge. You will admit it is the best chance you ever
had to make some
Big M
oney
on a naiall investment. There ij yet a little stock that
inn Lc pollen at 50 cents per share, if you act quick you
may ct some of it.
Come in and invest igate. See ore, map, reports, and
sy-.t 1' 11 particulars at
QUICiC SERVICE CAFE, LOWELL, ARIZ.
Uespclfi'Hv yours. Inspiration Central Mining Co.
Arizona Corporation Commission. Permit No. 1275. (The Arizona Corporation
Commission does not recommend the stocks.bonds or securities, offered by this Com
pany, or any other Company.)
- T
1c Now Advances April 23rd to 2c
DR. EDWARDS MAKES
RICH OIL DISCOVERY
The following is received from the E. A. EDWARDS OIL c
REFINING COMPANY'S main office in Denver. Colorado:
"I am sending you under separate cover 50 lbs. oil saturated
sandstone, which came off of Section 20, which is owned by our
Company, in the Muddy Creek Field of Wyoming, and runs 10 per
cent oil."
Close to this Section owned by the Company Dr. Edwards is
now operating, having closed a deal for a valuable lease.
The following telegram was received from Dr. Edwards under
date of April 15th:
"Deal closed today for lease on 320 acres Muddy Creek Field, Wyoming, including
standard drilling rig on the property. Well now down 300 feet. Will start drilling
immediately. Oil should be reached from 1 200 to 1 500 ft. This Section is part of the
B r- i rv ii y y i. r-v 1 1 T 1"" A f"" J 1
Lreat Ked Uesert, which L.has. vouiter.uenver geologist, ana ur. c t. cxiwaras
state is the greatest Oil Reservoir in Wyoming, and one of the greatest in the world."
E. A. Edwards Oil & Refining Company.
The E. A. EDWARDS OIL & REFINING COMPANY Dr. Edwards' own Com
pany, owns the Quit-Claim Deed to 3 full Sections in the Chino Valley Oil Fields in
Arizona, and 2 full claims in the Muddy Creek Oil Fields of Wyoming. This Company
also owns valuable leases is now operating on a 320 acre lease with fully standard
drilling rig and equipment.
With no promotion stock or preferred stock or without any indebtedness this stock at
1 Cent Per Share
is one of the most attractive buys of the Wyoming and Arizona Oils.
Application Has Been Made for Listing
On the Denver Consolidated Exchange
With the starting of operations and the rich discovery made warrants our AD
VANCING OUR ALLOTMENT TO 2c we shall make this advance positively the
23rd of April. In the meantime, you can buy:
10,000 shares for $100.00 2,000 shares for 20.00
5,000 shares for -50.00 .1,000 shares for -10.00
Dr. Edwards is the greatest Oil discoverer the world has ever known, having dis
covered the Whittier Oil Fields, the VenturaOil Fields and the Lima Fields of Ohio. He
has letters of endorsement from Lyman Stewart of the Union Oil Company, E. L.
Doheny, and T. Spellacy of the Mascot Oil Company.
Read This Telegram
and Then Act
Phoenix, Arizona, 1140A. April 20th. 1918
J. E. MYER Copper Queen Hotel, Bisbee. Arizona:
Arizona Oil treasurer went to Prcscott yesterday and confirms
news making thirty feet daily. Have reached water and are arranging
to set pumps in our own well, thereby eliminating big hauling expense.
Thursday night drill entered gas pocket, thi pressure of which lifted
tools eight feet. Reports unusual activity i:i the field and real boom in
sight. At least six companies will be diiliing in thirty days. Drillers
claim they can finish the Arizona Oil well in ninety days.
ARIZONA OIL AND REFINING COMPANY
Buy today befnre the 100 per cent advance.
Full particulars and Map sent free.
General Securities Investment Corporation
BOX 711. PHOENIX. ARIZONA
Bisbee Offices:
SUGICH & MILUTINOVICH: Royal Conf-ctinnery. Brewery Gulch
G. L. STRONACH, 55 Upper Main St.
BAINARD & WARD. O MaHey s Real Estate office at Lowell Car btop. Lowell
J THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 21, 1918.
THREE
News of Social Circles
Shipment of completed supplies to
Division Headquarters from Warren
Mining District Chapter for the month
of March:
22.37S Surgical Dressings
363 Pajama Suits
215 Hospital Coats
63 Corfort Kits
11 Bath Robes
48 Pairs Bea Socks
8 Pairs House Slippers
2 Comforts
12 Wash Cloths
Knitted Goods
269 Pairs Socks
60 Sweaters
57 Helmets
44 Pairs Wristlets
59 Mufflers
a?
The surgical dressing class at the
Woman's Club which met on Monday
afternoon under the supervision of
Mrs. Henry Poppen was very ener
getic. There were only six women
,present and 800 surgical dressings
were made. ' The following were pres
ent: Mesdames J. W. F. Smith, Ross
Griffith, Akart, Hinry Poppen ana
Bertram flrown and Miss M. E. Gib
son. It is surprising what a small
number of women can do.
ts
A new Bed Cross room in the Elks
Club will be open to the public on
Tuesdays and Thursdays. People
must turn out and sew now as never
before. v
Calvin W. Pohlman and Miss Faye
Gingerich were quietly married at
Tombstone Tuesday.', The first car
they left town in turned over below
the Divide and the couple came back
to town on the Rockhill staee and
secured another car and left for
Tombstone.
The bride attended high school here
for three years. The groom comes
from tie coast and expects to go to
Camp Funston. The bride will stay
in Eisbee with her parents Mr. and
Mrs. Peter Gingerich.
The card party at the Woman's club
for the Permanent Blind Relief Fund
was more successful Saturday. Wom
en are realizing how much a little bit
here and there will help. Twenty
five cents isn't much to give for each
person but if there is a fair attend
ance, then a good many quarters are
taken and every cent counts. Every
body is invited to come, even urged
to come. Mrs. Ivan Burgess and Mrs.
C. H. Moore were the hostesses. De
lightful tea was served. Next Satur
day another party will be held at the
Country Club.
3 ; Si
The Wapo Camp Fire girls of War
ren made 53 compresses and 6. gaze
metre Friday for the A. F. F. W.
iS
The A. F. F. W. met Thursday at
' the Garfield school, with a most en
couraging attendance. Fifty-five rolls
of bandages, 20 rolls of gauze ban
dage, 395 compresses, 9 fracture pads
14 clings, 5 suits of pajamas were
made during the afternoon. Those
prepent were Mpsdames Frantzen.
Dalley, Baldwin, Hayes, Sowerbutts,
Pierce, J. E. Cain, Parnell, T. E. Will
iams, Anderson, Griffith. Brownlie,
Playfair. Winstead, Jnowles, Koff,
Ethel, Welton, Hudson, Stean, Frazier
Graves, T. M. Williams, Mayne, Finlty
and Hughes.
. t !
I. L. Berrien was married to Miss
Mabel Erisley at 5:30 Thursday i"fer
noon. Father Mandin officiating. The
bride was a former kindergarten
teacher oP the Lincoln school, the
groom is an engineer for the Shattuck
The bridal couple accompanied by
Mrs. Brisley of Prescott, mother of
the bride. Miss Helen Woodburn, ana
Mr. and Mrs. John D. Sanders mot
ored to Douglas, where they were en
tertainer at dinner at the Gadsden
Hotel. They will be out of town for
a few days and when thev return will
reside in lisbee.
The surgical dressing class was held
at the Woman's Club Friday after
noon. 1275 compresses wert made.
Miss Mary Butler was in change, of
the class. Those attending were
Mesdames J. L. Silverthorn, Brt War
ner, Lee Blair, D. H. Landes, C. H.
Moore. C. E. Gollwitzer, T. O. Trubel,
W. E. Hankln. S. M. Smock. V. Charles
ton, C. H. Hunt, Harry Reese, J. L
Gannon, G. Odon, D. McLellnn. O.
Hudson, I. McWhorter. F. Hudson. L
L. Gilman. Howard Sterling H. Bar
kell, W. Watkins, C. L. F.dmundson.
5S i !c
The following pupils of Mrs. Maye
Esther Thomason English will give a
dramatic recital at the Ugh school
auditorium Thursday cvuning, iay
16th. proceeds to go to the Red Cross.'
Freda Sutty, Amy Fenner, Blanche
Campbell. Mary aretto, Mary Hennes
sy, Jeannette Newman, Edward Kelly,
Mrs. R. M. Bradley. Crystal Water.
Sylvia Caro, Dorothy Fenner, Naomi
Newman. 1
This is a report handed in by Mrs.
Sam Kyle of the Third Liberty Loan
drive. It shows that the women are
doing their share in this worthy work
as well as th men.
"The third Liberty Loan Is now in
full swing apd the women's commit
tee under the present county chair
manship of Mrs. Sam Kyle, with her
able corps of assistants, have done
splendid work in the drive.
"The women up to date in Cochise
County have reported $178,750. The
chairman from Lowell, Mrs. George A.
Bridge, with her associates, has sold
$35,000 in bonds, and Mrs. C. A. Wil
son, of Warren, and her bunch of
workers have reported $S,000 to the
t-redlt of Uncle Sam.
"The women of Arizona are in this
work because they have been solicited
bv Secretary McAdoo. The secretary
of the treasury realizes that in order
to win with the Liberty Loan as with
all other work, they roust have the
cooperation of every American, with
out regard for sex lines. Unless they
do their part they have not performed
their duty.
S JS K
"The woman's committee through
out the country is reaching thousands
and thousands of people who would
never be reached if the work was all
left in the hands of the men. The very!
fact that they are asked to do this!
work arouses women who otherwise i
would have no great sense of respon-j
sibility about it. and they immediate-j
1 t rrnt their hrnino In U'nr, i n t nut t
! new schemes and ways of carrying on j
the work which might never occur to ,
the men.
"The amount of credit they get In
actual bonds sold is not the essential
thing at all. While naturally they
like to attain good results In that
way because completion is a wonder
ful stimulus to any work, they might
only show a hand full of sales in some
communities and yet have done the
most important work of the whole
campaign in educating public senti
ment, in awakening men as well as
women to a sense of their responsibil
ity, and in "making a bond grow
where none had ever grown before."
H
The public is greatly interested in
the Alumni play, "Young Mrs. Win
throp," in lour acts, by Bronson How
ard. Miss Anna Davis plays the title
role, and from her work in the part,
a strong and effective part is assured.
Euwel Hudson, who distinguished
herself last year in "Green- Stockings
plays the part of Douglas Winthrop,
who becomes so engrossed in his bus
iness responsibilities that'he neglects
his wife and homo. Mrs. Richard
Chetwyn, a frivolous society matron,
is very cleverly presented by Miss
Yda Paff, while the part of Buxton
Scott, lawyer and old friend of the
family is presented exceptionally well
h Him PiwVpt Mian Jennie War-
J ren, who plays Edith Winthrop, a lit
tle blind girl, and ward or the in
throps, wins the heart of her audi
ence with her girlish innocence. Her
bert Burrows, as Douglas Winthrop's
nephew, is in love with Edith, the
blind girl, and creates considerable
merriment with his amateur love-making.
Mrs. Albert Riddle as Douglas
Winthrop's mother, is a very strong
character, and her great love for her
son and his wife is one of the fine
points of the play. Other characters
are: Dr. Mellbanks. portrayed by N.
Bradford Trenham, and John the but
ler, by Giffie Williams. Mrs. Clar
ence Wittig. is business .manager;
Miss Madge Chapman advertising
manager, N. B. Trenham stage man
ager, and Roswell Champion, property
man. The play is under the direction
of Mr. E. Q. Snider, principal of the
high school, whose exceptional aljility
has created much favorable comment
in lisbee. Young Mrs. Winthrop will
be presented Monday, April 29th, at
the high school auditorium at 8:15.
S?
. The Anno Club will meet Tuesday,
April 23rd, with Miss Ellen Avery at
the Y. W. C. A.
S? 5S
The Young Ladies of the Red Cross
Auxiliary meets every Monday even
ing at the Copper Queen Library. All
business girls are invited to attend.
Splendid work was accomplished by I
the young ladies. Miss Opal Core.j
Elizabeth Stamper, Agnes Perry, MIn-:
nie Henley, Florence Lindham, Ger-1
trude Desmond, Edna Kelley, Edith j
Lowe, Effie Henley, Catherine Guthrie
Mrs. Sturdevant, M. Beahler, Gather-;
ine Frisbee, Lillian Regan, Opal Rod-j
emdicr, Ethel Bonnar, Mrs. H. G. Jen-j
nings, Mrs. Brittle, Jeane Quinn and;
Mrs. Henry Pearce in charge, t
j
Mrs. Charles Johnson of Warren
entertained the Guild at the Y. W. C.
A. Wednesday afternoon.
1i iS
The Lowell Red ross had a record
week and expect to continue growing I
as they have a good start. The sur-
gical dressing department under the
Ldirectlon of Mrs. P. S. Bell and other
nurses in cooperation with their work
ers made 1008 compresses and 9 sur
gical aprons and caps. The following
were present: Misses Abbey, Duffy,
Duggan, Mesdames Callison, Brake-
field, Larson, Jones. Turner, Bridge, I
Tregoning. Megede, Smith, Cock, Man !
ning, Morgenstein, Dodd, Henderson,'
Johnson. Graham. Foster. Poster. Fra-
ser, Lee, Ashley and Bell. J
Many garments were made by the i
sewing department. The largest!
number of garments completely fin-i
ished in one day was 25, on Friday the!
next largest was Thursday, when 22
were made. The following were pres
ent: Mesdames Brinson, Bell, Leary,
Warnock. Donnelley, Hallmark, Me
gede, Jones. Callison, Sproule, Dug
gan, Gardner, Douglas, Kirkman,
Johnson, Wagner. Poster, Graham,
Wilson, Frayser. Kimbrough, McAllis
ter and Spaulding.
The attendance of the surgical dress
ing department has so rapidly increas
ed that lack o ftable space has been
noticed. Gibson-Hines Lumber Co.
and C. A. Morrow came to the rescue
by donating the lumber and labor and
Mr. Morrow is making us a beautiful
ten foot maple top. They wish to
thank the 20th Century Club for the
sewing machines, that were donated.
The 20th Century Club met Tuesday
afternoon in the Y. W. C. A. A regu
lar business meeting was held. The
club protested against the new law
controlling the distribution of maga
zines and papers. The buying of ma
chines was discussed, also every one
present pledged herself anew to help
the food administration in every way
possible.
? H
MUSIC FESTIVAL
The dedication of the Stelnway
Grand Piano at the High school gym
nasium will be a memorable event
to people of the Warren District.
The music that will be heard from
April 23 to the 26th will be inspiring,
elevating and entertaining. Nothing
but classical music of the very best
will bv given, rendered in a most ar
tistic way. Matinee and evening per
formance will be held each day
to be absolutely gratis to the public.
On Tuesday Miss Julia Henslnget
McCall will give a recital. She will
dedicate the piano. Miss McCall's
home Is in Douglas and for three years
she waq a pupil of the err at Lescht
ivky. This talented person is to give
three programs, one at 9 a. m., one at
10:30 a. m. and one at 8:15 p. m. These
morning programs are given especial-.
ly for the children hut if the auditori
um Is not filled with children, adults
are welcome.
On Wednesday Bisbee talent will be
heard with the Blsb.ee male quartet,
which consists of Dr. C. H. Tnell, 1st.
tenor. J. P. Williamson, 2nd. tenor, E.
L Blair. 1st. bass, and R. S. Hooper.
2nd. bass. T.'iese men render only
music at the best sort. T. R. Reynolds
as accompanist and Mrs. S. T. Davey
as a most accurate accompanist.
Mrs. Sam Frankenberg, pianist, who
is a pupil of the late Joseffy, one ot
the most eminent teachers of Ameri
ca, will be on the program. Mrs.
Frankenberg has been encouraged to
take up concert work.
Miss Helen Treii has studied In
Washington, D. C. for some time and
expects to go on a concert tour next
year.
Joseph Guido Berlindis, violinist,
who was a pupil of Arnold Pesold ot
the Symphony orchestra.
Ladies brio, Mrs. W. P. Sims, so
prano, pupil of Agrimonti, solo, quar
tet and church choir.
Mrs. C. S. Thompson, soprano, solo,
quartet and church choir.
Mrs. G. Omar Rhodes, contralto, pu
pil of eminent teachers, solo, quartet
and church choir.
Thursday, Mary Belle Hardison will
give a vocal recital. She is from Los
Angeles and exceedingly talented.
Friday. University of Arizona Facul
ty will give a musical. Mrs. R. B.
vpn KlinSmid. pianist, Mrs. A. B. Doug
las. pianist. Mr. Clark Learning, bari
tone. Mr. Hurd, baritone.
Tuesday, April 23, lecture recital.
Program, 9 a. m. Julia H. McCall.
Rubinstein, Baccarolle, F. Minor
Paderewski, Menuet.
Jules-Schuloff, Serenade, Espagnole.
Mendelssohn, Scherzo, A Minor.
Poldlne
1. Poupee Valsatnte.
2. Une Amourette Cachee.
3. Etude A Major
Leschetizky.
1. Andante finale for left hand
alone.
2. La Touple.
3. Caprice Arabesque en form
, d'Etude,
4. Carcarolle Venizia.
Rubinstein, Barcarolle.
Schuett, Etude au Russian
Lizst. Liebestraum.
Ole Olson, Papillous.
Debussy. Arabesque
1. G Major
2. E Major
Lachaume, Valse Courante
MacDowell
1. To a Wild Rose.
2. To a Water Lily.
3. From an Indiah Lodge.
4. Allegro Molto Vivace from Son
to Tragica.
5. Etude Concert F Sharp Major.
8:15 p. m.
Beethoven, Sonato, Op. 27, No. 2
Schumann
1. Aria A Major
tar-
K: Look for tHr Emblem
Jj Tag it is your guar
Fc antee of Master Service
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
PIAN
Special
Special
On 25 Pianos in stock and on the way here.
1 cut off all war advance in price provided a
little extra is paid as first payment. I charge
no interest.
If you leave here in two years I give all your
money back if you want it (except rent
charges). Remember, pianos will advance
more yet. I have Packard, Kurtzmann, Christ-
man,
Clarendon, nmerson, i orK, Dona,
Homer, Lindenberg.
W. MUIR.
Main
2. The Bird as a Prophet. j
Z. Intermezzo, E Flat Minor
Chopin I
1. Etude, E Major, op. 0 B Minor. I
Wednesday April 24.
Matinee 2::'.0; Evening 8:13.
Sonato Pathetique, C Minor, Beetho-,
ven.
1. Grave
2. Allegro
3. Adagio . ; ;
4. Rondo y'
Mrs. Frankenberg
(a)
A Song of Seasons Clark.
Break, Break, Break t.'lark
Ladies Trio
Seventh Concerto De Berlot.
Mr. Berlindis.
Indian Love Song Liza Lehmann.
You Flaunt Your Peauty From thft
Golden Threshold by Nalda.
In The Boat Edward Grieg.
Like a llosebud Edward Grieg.
TIs Snowing H. Bemberg:
L'Ete Summer Cecile Chaminade.
Miss Treu
The Rosary Ethelbert Nevlin. '
The Heart Bowed Down J. A. Parks.
The Vesper Star George B. Nevin.
Bisbee Male Quartet
Tender Aveu Edward Schutt.
Etude in G Flat. op. 10, No. 5 Chopin
On Wings cf Song Mendelssohn.
Mrs. Frankenberg.
Thursday, Mary Belle Hardison.
Matinee 2:30; Evening 8:15.
Frdiav. University of Arizona Faculty
Matinee 2:30; Evening 8:15.
JAP MINISTER QUITS
(By Review Wire)
TOKIO. April 20 (By The Associated
Press), According to the Nichi'Nichi,
Count Ichiro Motono, Japanese for
eign minister, hasannounced his inten
tion to tender his resigation. Ill
health is given asthe reason for bis
decision.
BOMBARD BELGIANS I
AMSTERDAM, April 20. German
torpedo craft bombarded the coast j
between Dunkirk and Nieuport be-j
hind the alliel lines in r ianuers yes
terday morning, says an official state
ment from Berlin today.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES-640 and 50.
Y. W. C A. CAFETERIA
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Prices Reasonable
Breakfast 6:50 to 8:30
Lunch 11:30 to 1:30
Dinner 5:00 to 6:30
Is Coming 5
TT
vou how well we
1
can make your last
Spring suit look.
There is a good reason
why you should 'Make
It Do."
For high-cIaM cleansing and
repairing, telephone us
BISBEE DYE AND
CLEANING
WORKS.
PHONE 296.
Prices
Terms
Street
OS
American
(Incorporated
GUARDIAN TRUST BLDG.
GEOLOGICAL MAP OF THE UNITED STATES SHOWING TREND OF
KNOWN OIL CHANNELS THROUGH THE DIFFERENT STATES
This map is presented
to show the trend of four
great oil belts, three of
which converge in Texas,
Louisiana and Mississip
pi, passing under the west
portion of the Gulf of
Mexico and forming the
great oil pool at Tampico,
Tuxpan, Laguna, etc.
The AMERICAN OIL
EXPLORAITON COM
PANY controls large
acreage in this won
derful Mexican field,
where 100.000 barrel
gushers are frequent and
a 5,000 barrel well con
sidered small.
Company Holdings Now Over 30,000 Acres in Five Oil States, Including Large
Acreage in Mexico
FORTUNES Made From OIL LAND and Leases
Billions of dollars in profit have been made from
the oil industry. The richest man in the world
made his money from oil.
Hundreds of American mijlionaires hare neep
created by the development of the oil industry, and
thousands have been made independently rich by
this industry.
Oil is today making greater fortunes for owners
' of oil land and leases than ever before in the history
of the world.
The Greatest Oil
Well in the World
This is a good picture of the CERRO
AZUI. No. 4, the world's greatest oil well,
located south of Tampico, Mexico, on the
property of the Mexican retroleum com
pany. The well was brought in February
10, 191C. and when capped seven days luter
the measured flow was ABOVE 260.QU0 BAR
RELS PER DAY, and it guphed with an
- eight inch column of oil reaching to a
' height of between 500 ana 600 feet.
The Mexican Petroleum Company also
brought in some years ago the celebrated
CASIXA. No. 7, which has produced and
marketed in seven years ever fifty million
50.000,000 barrels of oil.
The Metropolitan Oil Corporation brought
in one well with a production or 72.000
barrels per day.
The Gulf Refining company brought in a
well with a caiacity of 40,000 barrels pel
day.
The Cortez Oil company owns two wells
with a capacity of 40.000 barrels per day.
These are only a few of the many tre
mendous oil gushers of the greatest oil field
the world has discovered. ALL IN MEXICO.
AMERICAN OIL EXPLORATION CO. TO
BUILD REFINERY
The refining of oil in its first distillation
Is a simple and profitable enterprise. The
history of the business is one of enormous
profits.
The profits from refining oil can be
learned by reference to statistics, which
show average net profits of more than 12.50
on every barrel of oil refined.
The present crying need of the country
is for more oil. and particularly for more
refined oil.
Of the 353 Refineries operating in the
United States no failure has ever been re
corded for business reasons. Just take a
long pencil and a big piece of paper and
try to figure the number of wheels in the
world all lubricated and most of them pro
pelled by OIL
A Refinery investment is not a wild
speculation. The losses in the business are
too small to mention when compared to
the money that has been made from them.
Statistics show that 30 per cent more
people lose money and fail in FARMING
than in the OIL industry; 20 per cent more
people lose money and fail in the MER
CANTILE industry than in OIL; 41 per
cent more people lose money and fail in
the MANUFACTURING industry than In
OIL.
The American Oil Exploration Company hat exercised cotions on thousands of acre a few mile from these
great gushers. Can anyone form any better proof of the PROVEN GUSHER probabilities of thia land? Your
shares In the Company make you a part owner In all the Company's property now owned or hereafter ac
quired In the United States or Mexico and in refinery to be erected.
THE NATIONAL BOND AND SECURITIES CO.
Box 2331. No. 7 Main Street.
i iivih-hv nnnlv for and vou
acre each out of the 640 acre tract located in Richards Field, and legally
North, R. 89 West, Fremont County, Wyoming.
I AGREE to pay therefor the sum of J100.00 pe unit and I tender you
be payment therefor.
It is understood and agreed that by virtue of this application and the payment made therewith,
there shall be assigned to me and reserved for tni by the Company out of its above mentioned tract
of land. In the order of Priority in which my application is received oil lease or units.
It is understood and agreed that upon my bavin paid the purchase price in full, the Company will
execute and deliver to me a lease in sufficient legal form and effect, at the Company's expense, trans
ferring to me full title to the unit or units which I have purchased herein. Also that the Company will
upon full payment Jssue to me a stock certificate for Uiu shares of its Capital Stock, par value 1.00 per
share, with each acre unit purchased without additio lal cost to me.
' ' (Sinn here)
APPLICANTS CAN WIRE ORDERS AT OUR
EXPENSE FOR RESERVATION AND FOL- (Street)
LOW WITH REMITTANCE BY MAIL icity) I State) -
National Bond and Securities Company
C.UARDIAN TRUST BLDG.
With I. W. Wallace. Phone
Oil Exploration Co.
Under the Laws of the State of Arizona)
!T 1 -S
0 L pUJ k&i& 1 I
vv i rr 1 1
The fortunes which will be made from oil within
the coming two years will overshadow into insignifi
cance the fortunes now being made in oil and those
that ave been made in the past.
The amount of crude oil produced last year was
three hundred million barrels. The consumption ex
ceeded three hundred and thirty million barrels. The
Government needs oil. It is a patriotic duty to aid
in producing it.
1 n i&utmSd
x
fi m-illir - -t'- ' ' 11
CERRO AZUI OIL WELL, No. 4 .
The worlds greatest oil well, located south of Tam
pico, Mexico, on the property of the Mexican
Petroleum Company.
APPLICATION BLANK
(Date)
Bisbee. Ariz.
mar reserve for ma in mv name.:.
UNDERWRITING AND FISCAL AGENTS
FREDERICK OVER FIELD. Representative
49 No. 7
DENVER, COLORADO
; "V i . -
191S
. unit or units of one
described as Sec. 22, T. 37
herewith to
DENVER, COLORADO
Main St. Bisbee. Arizona
V- V-
- i
i FOUR
BUY
Help
ncle
Lick
'Kaiser
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 21, 1918.
no
no
NOW
Sam
the
Where Your Money Goes
w
"E are now building more
naval and merchant ships
than we have constructed in the
last generation.
We are building a vast fleet of air
plaines, and enormous supplies of ar
tillery, motor trucks, machine guns,
rifles and ammunition. We are feeding,
clothing and training an army of a
million men, and preparing for a mil
lion more. We have loaned bnliens of
dollars to our allies to be spent in the
United States.
From the shipyards of the Pacific
to those of the Atlantic; on our farms
and in our mines, mills and factories in
every State in the Union; back of the
firing lines in France, where men are
training, camps are being erected and
railroads built, billions upon billions
are being expended for labor, for trans
portation, for materials and supplies
of every description.
v a -ww - - . v
The mind can hardly conceive the sums of money
required for our war preparations. Yet these ex
penditures are absolutely essenal.
We must win the war quickly if possible; we must
carry it on for years if necessary. We must do
the job with American thoroughness, 'let the cost
be what it may.
Remember, when you invest in your Liberty Bonds, that there is
immediate, urgent, imperative need for every dollar you can spare,
This Soacc Paid for and Contributed by
'Bonds
I. W. Wallace, Collins & Bretherton
Gus HalgSer, L. J. Overlook
B
uy
elp. Win
the War THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 21, 1918.
FIVE
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE.
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. Aprjl 20. The lull in
the war situation was favorably con
strued by market traders today, stocks
as a whole rallying from yesterday's
late reversal, while others attained
highest quotations of the week.
Pools were active in numerous spe
cialties. Including the automobile
accessoriesat gains of 2 to 3 points.
Their operation also extended to sugar
and tobaccos at net advances of 1 to
2Vt points.
Standard Industrials moved briskly
y forward in the last half hour under
leadership of United States Steel,
which made a net gain of 1 to 96.
Affiliated steels an dwar issues were
higher by 1 to almost 3 points.
Bonds were firm, all the Liberty
Issues responding to a broader de
mand. Paris sixes were an exception,
reacting 1 per cent. Sales par value
aggregated 12,650,000.
GAINS
(By Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO, April 20. A d v e r s e
weather conditions likely to delay
planting and to diminish receipts had
a good deal to do today with advances
which took place in the corn mark at.
Prices closed nervous, to 1 net
higher, with May 1.27 and July
1.45i to L45. Oats finished un
changed to H up, and provisions off
22 to 35.
Assertions that exporters had with
drawn from the market had a bearish
effect on oats. Previously, values were
on the upgrade.
Losses in provisions were due ta
weakness which developed in the hog
market
NEW YORK METAL
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. April 20. Bar silver
97.
NEW YORK COTTON
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. April 20. Cotton
closed steady at a net advance of 46
to 54 points. ,
Clo'ina Quotations April 20,
NEw YORK
Anaconda
American Can
American Car
American Loco
American Smelter
American Sugar
Baldwin
Beth (B)
C AO
C F & I
Canadian Pacific
Central Leather
Crucible
Distillers
Erie
Goodrich
General Motors ..
Indiana Alch ......
"Lackawanna
1918
64
44 i
79'
654 I
79
.105
81!
80 j
55
39 i
139
69 i
65 !
47!
14 i
47 j
122
125 !
81
Maxwell ...I..
Marine . . .
Marine Preferred
Midvale
Mexico Petroleum
New York Central ....
Northern Pacific
Reading
Rubber
Republican Steel
Studebaker
Steel ,
Steel Preferred
St. Paul
Southern Pacific
Sinclair
Texas Oil
Union Pacific ..v ,
United States Marine .
i Wtestinghouse ,
BOSTON
Adventure
Allouez
Alaska
Arizona Commercial . .
American Zinc
Butte
C & A
C & M
C Range
Chino
Chile
E Butte
Granby
Goldfield
Hancock
Indiana
Inspiration
Kennecott
Keweenaw . ..:
Lake
LaSalle
Miami
Mohawk '.
Nevada
Old Don
Osceola
Pond Ck
Quincq
Ray Consolidated
Shattuck
Shannon
St. Marys
Sup Boston
Utah Copper
Utah Consolidated
Winona
N Butte
Arkansas and Arizona ...
Austin
Arizona Silver King
Big Ledge
Butte London
Calumet & Jerome
Cornelia . ,
Consolidated Arizona ...
Consolidated j Copper . . .
Curtiss ....
Denn
Dundee
Emma
Federal Oil
Gadsden .......
Green Monster
Grand Jsland .
Hull
24
89
46i
95
69
84
81
57
84
38
95
110
38
83'
28
147
120
38
41
1
50
1
13
67
440
46
41
16
76
33
7
80
49
22
13
.. 5
. 2
28
62
19
40
55
18
71
24
16
4
49
25
80
9
i
14 '
7
Howe Sound
j Hecla ,
Ind Needles .
' Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami Consolidated
Pitts Jerome ,
Porphyry
Ray Hercules .
Santa Rita
Tom Reed
Tuolomne
United Eastern
Verde Ex
Verde Combination .
Wolverine Arizona .
West End
White Caps
Wright Martin
4
4
35
25
5
65
60
4
197
99
4
37
1
75
8
OATMAN
By Cllins & Bretherton
Argo 5
Adams 2
Arizona Rex .'
Ariz-Tom R 3
Gold Ore 37
Boundary Cone 2
Road Bon 4
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 2
Sunnyside 3
Telluride 12
Tom Reed 1.97
United Eastern 4.12,
Unted Northern 2
United Western 2
Red Lion
Other Curb
Gadsden i 2.75
Green Monster 69
Butte London 18
Dundee .87
Venture' HU
Pitts-Jerome 65
Jerome Verde 69 ,
Ark-Arizona 08
Aklns-Needlcs .06
Hull Copper . 35
Magma Chief .25
Wolv-Arizona 1.75
Verde Combination 50
Miami Consolidated 05
Xacozari Consolidated ... .45
Verde Apex
Voxphyvy 60
CaL & Jerome 1.12
Feather RIvex
25
5
40
5
5
15
1.99
4.25
3.06
.75
.22
1.12
.06
.75
.75
.11
.12
.40
.27,
2.00
.62
.10
.10
.70
7.25
.15
i.
20
1
16
1
5
28
21
2
2
13
35
RIGOROUS EYESIGHT
TESTS FOR SOLDIERS
United
Cliino
Oil Shaifesi
3c Now ;
Until April 25 Only
This payday is positively your last chance to get in
on this clean cut speculation at the present low price
of 3 cents per share and 2 cents more when oil is being
produced in corrunercial quantities.
Although we have been drilling only one month, and
have been using a 16 inch bit through 245 feet of blue
limestone that was like flint, we are now down more
than 340 feet and today are in a sandy oil bearing shale
carrying moisture that promises water almost any mo
ment. , .
The phenomenal record made by this company and
the efficient manner in which its affairs are being han
dled, have made it a ruling favorite throughout the
state, and the stock is being negotiated for now in hun
dred thousand share lots by large interests.
If you ever in your life invested in a proposition
better than this promises to be, you have been very for
tunate. There is certainly nothing more promising in
the state now, and we believe that every man who conies
into the company that is really doing things in the Chino
Valley the United Chino will make large profits.
See our agents today and let the latest bulletin from
the field you will find it decidedly interesting. ' Re
member, this is your final chance at the present price.
The stock is worth more money, and it is due for some
sharp raises within the next 30 days. You have a few
days more at the present price get busy and act before
it is too late.
United Chino Oil &
Refining Company
Phoenix, Arizona
BISBEE HEADQUARTERS:
SASSEE'S CONFECTIONERY
BEHIND THE BRITISH LINES IN
FRANCE, March 14 (Correspond
ence of The Associated Press) Rig
orous eyesight tests await the British
army recruit when he reaches France
and is put into the musketry school
for a final course of training in the
use of the rifle.
To the musketry Instruction officer,
his man's eyes the a continual prob
lem. Under his guidance, the men's
ayes are put to a use) which thry
are quite unaccustomed For the ilrt
I time in tneir lives, pronaoiy, tney
have to look at a small object with
! great concentration.
A man with good eyes may begin to
wonder If they are weak, particularly
if such a possibility is suggested to
him. He may begin to think it, simp
ly because his eyes tire very quickly
under this unaccustomed work of con
centration on a small thing, and so the
instructor has to be continually tell
ing the men that the eye needs rest
because it is doing new work.
On the other hand, men who were
unconscious that their eyes were not
normal, and who have passed the ocu
list's test cards without difficulty, will
discover a real weakness. They may
have been content all their lives to
see a thing in the distance a little
blurred perhaps not even knowing
it was blurred butwhen themusket
ry practice comes and they can no
longer be content with the blurred
immage, they become very conscious
of their weakness.
The instructor makes many interest
ing discoveries. He comes across odd
cases, like that of a man who was
told he would Toe ;put back for a
course in order to have his eyes test
ed for glasses, and who, to the as
tonishment of the officer, said that he
had a pair in his pocket. When asked
why he didn't wear them, he replied
that they had cost him five dollars
and he wasn't going to run any risk
of having them broken.
In the early days of the war. many
men who wore glasses discarded them
in the bolif that this would enable
them to pass the physical examination
more easily. Others, for a somewhat
similar reason, do their best to con
ceal their weak eyesight at the musk
etry school.
There is seldom any complaint of
men who wish to shirk or who try to
excuse carelessness in shooting by
putting it down to their eyes. The
difficulty is all the other ay, and so
far from men exaggerating any weak
ness of the eyes, it is the hardest
thing In the world to get them to ad
mit it. it is this reluctanc e, more
than anything else, that the musketry
officer has to take into consileration
in his study of his pupils.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
'ANNUAL REPORT SHOWS
i
VOLUME OF WORK
BY COMMISSION
Corporation Commission Files
Annual Report Which
Gives Interesting Data.
The growth and increasing import
ance of the corporation commission ol
Arizona is shown in the annual report
of that commission which has Just
been issued and contains the proceed
ings cl that department of the state
for the year from July 1, 1916, to June
30. lt-li.
Twelve hundred copies of the report
were delivered by the printers to the
commission, 400 of which are bound in
board, the remainder being in paper.
Copies of the report will be sent to
every corporation commission in the
ccuntiy, to many public officials and
to important legal concerns. There
are 98 pages.
Tne receipts of the corporation com
mission for the calendar year were
Sloi!,0(.7.26, making it one of the most
profitable of the departments of the
state. The receipts are divided as fol
lows: " ' .
From investment company permits,
$.').S; investment company registration
receipts, $668; transcripts, $402.20;
miscellaneous. $230.15; refund on
scr.pt books, $60.88; bond issues, $4,
ObO; insurance department,' $73,373.33;
lncorjiorating department,. $72,304.70.
Eurhty-one docket cases were heard
by the commission during the twelve
mi. mlii? contained in the. report, and
jruer were issued. Many of these
were important cases. Fifty public
utilities consisting of water, gas and
electric companies, reported to the
corporation commission. In addition
to these, there were twenty-one tele
phone and telegraph companies that
made reports to the commission. The
assets of the water, gas and electric
companies were stated to be $14,565
872.!'0. '
Twenty-eight autompbile stage lines,
running between various points in Ar
izona, made reports to the. commission
Twenty-seven formal complaints were
made to the commission, and orders
were given, some of the complaints be
ing merged. Three general orders and
one special order were made.
Dining the year there were 137 in
vestment companies that previously
had been granted permits which were
re-licensed. Eight formal reparation
orders were made and thirty-eight spe
cial authorization orders were issued.
Eight cases were heard before the in
terstate commerce commission.
The report of the incorporating de
l ai lment of the state corporation com
mission showed that during the calen
dar year covered oy tneTreport arti
cles of incorporation had been filed
with the commission by 1,038 compan
ies This is the fifth annual report made
since the establishment of the corpor
ation commission, the present mem
bera being F. A. Jones, chairman;
Ani'is A. Betts and A. W. Cole. Sam
V. Proctor is secretary.
SUGAR SHORTAGE MAY
HIT ARIZONA CITIES
PHOENIX. April 20. Arizona is
again threatened with a sugar short
age, and unless great care is exer
cised in its sale during the next few
weeks there will not be enough sugar
for the canning. This was the warn
ing received today from Washington
by the Phoenix office of the Food Ad
ministration, together with , orders to
cut the use of sugar in soft drinks
to 80 per cent of normal.
"While there is plenty of sugar in
Cuba," reads the wire, "the difficulty
is in transporting it in ; sufficient
quantities to meet the consumers' de
mands. It is absolutely necessary for
us to conserve sugar if we hope to
save the fruit and vegetable crop of
America during the summer. We
consider this more Important than
sunnlvlng cantonments with inn nni
cent soft drinks, particularly in view
or the tact that no restrictions tiave
been placed on tho sale of ice cream."
Famous Medium Here
mi ii.'-i i.. inn.
1,-1, RIJ Cts-oof i
favn, iviuiit
Phone 26 Box 1129
PROF. JERRELL
CLAIRVOYANT ASTROLOGER
At Golden Hotel, Room 14
SPECIAL
Readings This Week, $1.00
Til ajrratest exponent of Hindu pkflosnpfcs;
In America. iThe man with wonderful clair
voyant power and the most conscientious ad-s-isrr
of any in the profession. He bring yon
face to face with facts. Now is tou oppor
tunity to consult a true. Bitten1 mrditim. Ha
positively tells your name, what is best for
you to Ho to he successful in bsssmess, I ova
affairs, what changes t make. TTe tells yn9
if the one yon love is true or false and hose
In ftovetn and control your enemies ar)4
friends in fact, how to he surressful In any
and a'l af ai's of Me. Mr. lerrtll has worlcV
wide renutst.op aiH has the endorsement ol
te best pron'e. He guarantees satlllaCCloftV
trerythlng ia krpt jtonJeuUal
"You are therefore requested to cur.
tain the use of sugar for the first six
months of 1918 for soft drinks and for
all other purposes except preserving
fruits and vegetables and the making
of ice cream to at least SO per cent ot
the consumption during the first six
months of 1917."
The Food Administration does not
look with favor on the establishments
of new concerns which have sprung
up seemingly to supply the demand by
the older plants patriotically reduc
ing the consumption of sugar. This
Is made known in a puling directing
that sellers of sugar be prevented
from disposing of the same to con
cerns manufacturing less essential
food products Including candy and
soda fountain syrups who have enter
ed business since January 1, 1518,
unless first approved by the Food Ad
ministration. Jobbers and wholesalers dealing in
Arizona were notified of the rutiug
today.
The sugar rules affecting the sales
of sugar by retail have been revised
to allow the housewife sufficient
sugar for canning purposes upon the
filling out of the proper form.
ARMY WASTE FOR HOGS
FORT BUSS, Tex., April 20. Gar
bage collected from the army camps
and the kitchen doors of the fort is
fattening hogs in the El Paso Valley
and helping win the war. The garbage
contract is awarded by the quarter
master department and daily trips are
made by the swine growers to get
this waste from the army kitchens tor
the hog ranches in the valley.
Warren Mining District, CocLise Coun
jty, Arizona, in Section 13, unaujrced.
T. 23-S. K 24-E. G. & S. P. B. & M.
described as follows, to-v.lt:
SUCCESS: Beginning at Con.er
No. 1, the N. E. corner, whence ibe
W corner ot Section IS, T. 24-S. K.
25-E. G. & S. R. B. &. il. bears N. 89
11' E. 2948.8 feet; thence S 4" 34' W.
328.40 feet to corner No. 2; thence N.
87 21' W. 1500 ieet to corner No. 3;
thence N. 4 34' E. 425.:0 feet to
ner No. 4; thence S. 83 ?4' E. 15oo
feet to corner No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing a net area Cl 7 351
acres, expressly excluding area fn con
flict with Survey No. 3117, Bruce JUxio
of 3.802 acres, and with Survey No.
3117, Baltic Lode, of 1783 acres.
The location notice of this claim is
recorded in the office of the County
Itecorder of Cochise County. Arizona,
as follows:
SUCCESS Book 49, Records
of Mines, 1'age 138.
The names of the adjoining claims
to this survey are: On-the North Sur
vey No. 2176. Corona lode and Survey
No. 3158, Corona lode; on the East
Survey No. 3168, Rolla lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Baltic lode; on the South
Survey No. 3117 Baltic lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Bruce lode; on the West
Survey No. 2029 Horse Shoe lode.
J. U 1RVIN, Register.
.Legal Notice
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
'I
U S.LAND OFFICE, AT PHOENIX,
ARIZONA. APRIL 13. 1918.
Notce is hereby given that Albert
B. Oldham, of Bisbee, Arizona, who on
April 9, 1915, made Homestead Entry
No. 027120. for SE',4, Sec. 13. ENEVi.
NEViSEVi. Section 24, Township 22-S,
Range 25-E, G & S R B & Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
threo year proof, to establish claim
to the land above described, before
Jarea D. Taylor, U. S. Commissioner,
at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 22nd day ot
May. 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses: Wil
liam H. Witherell, Andrew M. Maxam,
Henry Ash, James E. Kenney, all of
Bisbee, Arizona.
JOHNL.IRVIN.
Register.
First publication, April 20. 1918; last
publication May 22. 1918.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
U. S. LAND OFFICE AT PHOENIX,
ARIZONA, APRIL 13, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that George
L. Duan, of Stark, Arizona who, on
April 17, 1913, made Homestead En
try, No. 022187, for WNEVi, WSE
4, Sea 35, and on February 17, 1915,
made rdditional Homestead Entry, No.
026765 for SE.NW14, EHSW, SW'A
SW4, Section -S5, Township 23-S,
Range 22-E, G & S R B & Meridian,
has filed notice ot intention to make
three year Proof, to establish claim
to the land above described, before
Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commissioner,
at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 23rd day
of May, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses: Joel
H. Alien, Cornelius N. Driscoll, Charles
A. Martin, all 3 of Hereford, Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVINE.
Register.
First Publication, April 20, J918; last
publication May 23, 1918.
NOTICE OF appl;cation FOR
U. 3. PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3387
Serial No. 03S239
United States Land Cffice, Phoenix.
Arizona, March 1, 1918.
Notice is hereby given: That R. A.
Bretherton and C. M. Henkel, whose
postoffice addresses is Bisbee, Cochise
County, Arizona, have made applica
tion for patent for the following named
lode mining claim, situated in the
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
8. I-ATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3384.
U. S. Land Office. Phoenix. Arizona,
February 28, 1918.
Notice 1 hereby given that Samuel
Sutcliffe, C. W. Ram bo and Carl Smith
whose postoffice addresses are Bisbee,
Arizona, have made application for a
patent for the Winnebago lode mining
claim, situated in Warren Mining Dis
trict, Cochise County, State of Arizo-j
na, in Section 7. (unapproved) 'lown
ship 23, south, range 24 east, G. & S.
r. B. & M., which claim is described
as follows, to-wit:
Beginning at corner No. 1, the S. E.
corner, whence the U. S. A. M. No. 1,
Warren Mining District bears S. 77
degrees 37 minutes eaat, 8754.1 feet,
thence S. 61 degrees 26 minutes W.
600.00 feet to corner No. 2, the S. W.
corner, thence N. 5 degrees 24 minutes
east, 1500.00 feet to cornw no. , the
N. W. corner, thence N. 61 degrees 26
minutes E. 600.00 feet to corner No. 4,
the N. E, corner, thence S. 5 degrees
24 minu'es 1500.00 feet to corner No.
1. the place of the beginning, contain
ing net area of 17.136 acres.
The location notice ot this claim is
recorded in the County Recorder's of
fice, Cochise County, State ot Arizona,
as follows: Book 42, Record of Mines,
at page 435.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: North, Blue Bird, unsurveyed,
owned by the Copper Queen Con. Mg.
Company; East, Bisbee Queen, unsur
veyed, owned by C. W. Rambo; South.
White Bird, unsurveyed, owned by H.
W. Clarkson and N. L. Hay den; West, j
Silver Lead, unsurveyed, owned by C
W. Rambo.
J. L IRVIN, Register.
First publication Feb. 28. 1918.
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
THE BISBEE-WARREN COPPER
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
.PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3389.
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix, Ariz
March 4. 1918.
Votice is hereby given that the Bis-bae-Warren
Copper Company, a cor
poration organized and existing under
tho laws of the State of Arizona, with
its principal office at the city of Bis
bee, by its president and secretary,
thereunto duly authorized by resolu
tion of its board ot directors, has made
application for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situated in
the Warren Mining District ot Cochise
County, State of Arizona, approximate
ly in Section 13. Tow nship 23 S.. Range
24 E.. (unapproved) and Section 18,
Towtib!;!p 23 S., Range 25 E., described
as follows:
W ARREN "Beginning at Cor. No.
1. the S. E. Cor., whence the W. U I
Cor. of Sec. 18. T 23 S.. R 25 E., G. &
S. R. B. & M, brs. S. 72" 43' E. 2425.1
ft., thence N. 77 57 W. 14'J6.0 feet to 1
Cor. No. 2, the S. W. Cor., thence N.
11' U2' E. buu feet to Cor. No. 3. the
.V V Cor., luuiice . 7.' 57' E. 1494
ltvi u cor, .No. 4. tue N. E. Cor,
tLeiii.e S. li" uz' W. Sou aet to Cor.
V. I, tue place of iiio txigauing. con
Uinitig a uei area ot 11.4 .a acres ex-prt-bsiy
excluding area in contact with
ourey No. Hub, Koila lode ot 7.511
.tci ts, and with Survey No. 3374, Rock
land lode of l.biJ acres."
uiaitEK "Beginnrug at Cor. No. 1,
the b. E. Cor., whence tne W Cor.
cl Sec. 18. T. 23 S., K. 25 E., U. & S.
It L. 6t M. brs. S. 64 20' E. 943.4 ft.,
iheuce N. 77 57' W. 1498 feet to Cor.
No. 2, the-S. W. Cor., thence N. 11
o?' E. too feet to Cor. No. 3. the N. W.
cor., thence S. 77 57' E. 1498 feet to
Cor. No. 4, tho N. E. Cor., thence S. 11
OU' W. 6u0 ieet to Cor. No. 1, th
piuie oi tue beginning, containing a
m l area of zo.buv acres.
-lEU liOCK "Beginning at Cor. No.
a tiit 6. E. Cor., tUence N. 79 53' W.
J46U.90 Ieet to Cor. No. 2. tne S. W.
Cor., thence N. zi' 32' W. 406.70 feet
tc Cor. No. 3, the N. Vv. Cor., thence S.
7' 7' E. 14it.70 feet to Cor. No. 4,
the N. E Cor., thence S. 24 32' E.
34u.3o feet to Cor. No. 1, the place of
thb beginning, a net area of 7.5U4
acies, expressly excluding area la con
tact wim Survey No. 3137 Jack Pot
No. 3.
CARBONATE "Beginning at Cor.
No. 1, the N. E. Cor., whence the W 4
Cor. ot Sec. 18, 1 . 23 S., R. 25 E., G.
S. R. B. & M. brs. 8. 69 54' E. 717.3
Ieet. thence S. 1' 24' W. 1485.50 feet
to Cor. No. 2, the S. E. Cor., thence N.
7i 57' W. 632.30 feet to Cor. Na 3,
the S. W. Cor., thence N. 0 52' E. 600
tct to Cor. No. 4, thence S. 73 09' E.
27 3u feet to Cor. No. 5, thence N.-13
47 ' E. 597.80 feet to Cor. No. 6. thence
N. 73 09' W. 40 feet to Cor. No. 1.
thence N. 24" 32' W. 345.30 feet to
Cor. No. 8, the N. W. Cor., thence S.
7J 57' E. 6"0 feet to Cor. No. 1, the
place of the beginning, net area of
.b:U acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict wan Sulphide lode ot this
suivey of X.Wii acres and with Survey
No o390 Nancy Hanks lode ot 6.744
acies.
SULPHIDE -eBlnning at Cor. No.
1, the S. E. Cor., whence the W. 14
Cor. ot Sec. 18. T. 2J S.. R. 25 E., G. t
S. R. H. 4c M. brs. N. 87 04' W. 594.7
feet, thence N. d4 32' W. 1463.50 feet
tc Cor. No. 2, tho S. W. Cor., thence N.
2 24 : E. 300 fee: to Cor. No. 3, thence
N 11 02' E. Joo feet to Cor. No. 4,
the N. W. Cor., thence S. 77 57' E.
597 feet to Cor. No. 5, thence S. S6 34'
E 83S feet to Cor. No. 6, the N. E.
Cor. thence S. 2 24' W. 559.90 feet
to Cor. No. 1. the place of the begin
ning, containing a net area of 18.456
acres.
COPPER WEDGE Beginning at
Cor No. 1, whence the W. Vi Cor. ot
Sec. IS. T. 23 S., R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B.
& M.. brs. N. 81" 55' W. 157.9 feet,
thence S. 66 17' W. 882.30 feet to
Coi No. 2. the S. W. Cor., thence N.
2 24' E. 464.30 teet to Cor. No. 3, the
N. W. Cor thence N. 84 46' E.
1210.80 feet to Cor. No. 4, the N. E.
Coi.. thence S. 2 24' W. to Cor. No. 5.
th S. E. Cor., thence M. 83 55' W.
437.70 feet to Cor. No. 1, the place of
the beginning, containing a net area ot
4.i94 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Sulphide lode, this sur
vey of 3.257 acres."
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the County, Recorder'!
of tice, Cochise County as follows:
Warren Book 53, Page 423.
Bisbee Book 53, Page 426.
Red Rock Book 53, Page 425.
Sulphide Book 53, Page 425.
Copper Wedge Book 53, Page 42L
Ct-rbonate Book 53, Page 422.
The names ot the adjoining claims
are: North Survey. No. 2 111 Mayflow
er. Golden Gate, Juniper and Wedge
lodes. East Survey No. 2423. Delta
lode. South Survey No. 3390, Golcon
da, Sunshine and Nancy Hanks lodes.
Survey No. 3137. Jack Pot No. 1, and
Jack Pot No. 3 lodes. Survey No. 3153.
Roila lode. Survey No. 3374, Rockland
loue. West, Survey No. 3374, Rock
land lode. Anna lode unsurveyed.
owned by R. A. Bretherton and C. M.
Hcnlcel.
J. L. IRVIN, Register.
First Publication March 8, 1918.
Latt Publication May 17, 1918.
Gas Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
m J
W ,
ii
Bisbee Improvement Co.
I THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 21, 1918.
six
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN HIRING DISTRICT
MEN'S DEPARTMENT
Sid YVertham left Saturday morning
for Washington, D. C, to enter the gas
mask section of the poison gas divis
ion ot the service. He will be doing
chemical research work at thj experi
meut station of the American Univer
sity at Washington, I). C. Room ten
at the "Y" has been Sid's home for the
psst four years.
We receive word from Mr. Richard
eon slinost daily, and he seems to be
.improving slowly each day. His blood
pressure has gone down twenty points
i up to last Thursday. Should that con
tinue for several weeks he will be nor
mal. He has sent for his bathing suit
and trat is a good indication that Ue
is reeling Jietter.
F.en Neeper, one of our enthusiastic
first team bowleis. and a member oj
the "Y" for the past two years, leaves
with the next bunch for the training
camp Ben leaves many warm friends
ft the "Y" and at the mine.
Thos. Skea. formerly a prominent
' Y" mfmber, and an employee of the
Copper Queen Mining company, at the
Lowell shaft, has just been heard of
from Montreal, Canada. Mr. Skea sent
his jmoto in the uniform of a Canadian
infantryman.
,. v ,, .
The Y M. C A. volley ball team isj
now practicHig for the volley ball tour-:
n .man in 1A Kolrl in Tiiienn Anrii V7
t J.-.. ; .".
trophy.
A W. Klein, a member of the
Y"
for ovpral months left last Saturday
for Los Angeles, his former home,
where he intends to remain, returning
to B?bee in the fall if all is well.
Albert House, who has been a mem
ber of the "Y" for several months, has
received word from the war depart
ment that he is to report for active
servire in the naval reserve corps at
San Pedro, Calif. All members who
are ccttuainted with Mr. House wtll
miss fcis presence, especiallythe ' jolly
members" of the A-C Club, of which
he was one of the early charter mem
bers. Just as a joke, someone proposed
the organization of an anti-cussing
club. A call was posted in the lo'iby
and soon the list swelled to fifty. A
meeting was called to discuss the pur
poses of the club, and to elect officers.
The main purpose of the club is o pre
vent swearing among the members,
while in the Y. M. C. A. building. Any
one heard swearing in the bu'idmg is
finer: ?z renic nhi-h t ).. i:
treasuiy. The following officers were
elected temporarily, until the idoptirn
of a constitution and by-laws; Gym
Mayer, president, V. Montgomery, sec
retary. J. W. Morley, treasurer ted
Phil Iorken, sergeant at arms. The
night At that meeting S was raised
. - . . . ..v . - V .3 .. V. 1 , II' 1 . ,
bunch of fellows ever had morr fp in
the same length of time, as tho A-C
Club had at that meeting. The money
raised together with the initiation fees
already paid in will be used for a
luncheon to be held Wednesday, April
24th.
The mining class on last Thursday
at 1:CC p. m. aud 7 p. in. was favored
with a large attendance to hoar Rosa
Mooa cUmonstrate timbering in au or
diaaiy dritt. The mining c'ass wl l
continue its regular program until the
inid'ilo of June.
The Sunday program for todav will
be especially interesting. Song service
at 4:30. Following the son? service,
Mr. Henry Perkins will explnin the
life and habits of bees. In fa : Mr
?erk;ns expects to tell us all there is
to know about bees. A bee hir- will
b- on exhibition for the lecture The
Fellowship Bible club will meet at 3:30
Mr. Jas. A. Henderson will be the lead
er. Following is a list of new members
and renewals, who have joinei the as
sociation during the past rveek: Tony
Valfeuz. Fred Horn. W. E McKeehan
Joha Marrion, Thos. Moriartv Ray
mond Wilkins. C. Pelusl. V. V. TeckeH
F. O. Hunt. J. D. McDonaU lark u
Potts, Frank Valenz. Alvin Browning. !
J. N Chapman. Chas. F. Bchr?, Tom I can soldiers and some fine friend
Ruskin, John Dickinson, Ba.s-ef. Wat-1 ships have been formed with them,
kina. J B. Wright. V.'n. Browi. A. F j They have all learned one American
Buckrer, Roger Walton, Dava Schmidt ' phrase. I have passed through scores
DougVs Campbell. R'Bsel P'r.ith Sam j of villages in our 'Lizzie' vehicle, and
Dabtey. E. C. Morse.' J. R S crT! Vr"d met erups of children at play on
Tindei; Ralph A. Wal'lier. 1) M Mc
Kinnon. Joe Stewnr'. Fred vlreen, Her-
man Tir.er. W. V. McClearv. P. W. Mc !
Ewan. Charlie Campbel. C. F. Bell. J. !
A. Ilar.ey. Frank Craig. i I
Dr. Gould, the dentist, who has been ;
in Dr Hankin's office for the past few
,.,. . .fc v . i
months, made the high score. 2o8. last'
.rk,..Jn -r. .u- v . i
bowlinf. alleys. This is the highest !
sc(.re for the year 1918. Doc left fori
San Francisco Thursday where he will
go into the service of the United !
htates He says he will leave this j can a Krpat factor ,a brinEinf this
score for the boys to play up to until Rbout. Manv Americans are connect
h,s if-turn. I ed wjth fhe' Kov(.r du soldat. the
' French branch of the association. In
BOYS' DEPARTMENT jmany places fie French and American
The gymnastic contest conducted in soldiers mingle freely in these huts.
the three boys' gymnasium classes for
the rast eight weeks Is now closed.
Each class was divided into two com
peting teams, and each individual boy
worked for first prize in his class. The
first j rize in each class Is to be a gold
medal The boys in each class taking
second, thrid and fourth place will al
so re eive a prize. In the jnnior gym
rlaes. Jack Iandrum is captain of the
first team, which scored a total of
9SS6 points. Attendance at each class
session counted in the contest as well
as ability. Henry Stodghill is captain
of the second team, which scored 189
points. The first prize was won by
lie irum Morse, who scored H0
points, second prize Jack Landrum,
1415 roints, third prize Henry Stodg
hil', 1?41 points and fourth prize Fen
ton McKenna 1330 points. In the in
termediate gym class, Milton Morse
is captain of the first team, which
scored a total of 11082 points. James
Mullen is captain of the second team,
which floored 10146 points. The first
prize was won by Joe Senna, who
scored 1503 points, the second prize
by Ed Kelly, 1477 points, third prize
hy Milton Torse, 1430 points, and the
fourth prize by Bud Haskell. 1393
points. In the employed boys class.
Ph;l Xowlln is captain of the first
leans, which scored 12497 points, and
Leslie Stables is captain of the second
team, which scored 8.-.C0 points. The
firi-f. prize was won by Chas. Maddern
with 1504 points, second prize James
Fyt-r, 1391 points, Leonard Maddern,
thini prize., 1332 points, and fourth
prie. Joe Cain, 11S2 points. The larg
est number of ponits scored by an In
dividual of the three classes was Chas.
Maddern, 1504 points.
A relay race will be held for all of
the toys in the three gymnasium
clashes, and all other members who
are under 15 years of age some after
noon before the end of the month. The
date is not definitely fixed at present.
Fo'lowing the relay race, a feed will
fe;ven for all of the boys of the
. i.-, f oiionhto
J r - .
to membership In the Hf-Y CluD.
Secretary Richardson forwards ex-
tracts from Los Angeles of a letter
"p utta Jus' receneu iroiu
friend in France, which follows
"I have seen the Germans iu the
trenches; I have heard the roar ol;
the big guns; I have been caught in
a barbed wire entanglement, and have
escaped unscathed. In fact. I never
fe't better in my life and am ready
to do it all over again. This may all
sound very heroic 7000 miles away,
but so far as I know there is no medal
of honor or Croix de Guerre coming
my way. Outside of a few little ex
periences like this we know less
about the war than you do at borne
and therefore have a little time to
write letters whui consume many
words but say little. Some of us are
watching with much interest the Im
pact of American life on French peo
ple. It will be still more interesting
to know what the result will be ten
years hence. "Tout jde Suite," which
is pronounced toot sweet for short,
and which in plain 1'nlted States
means "do it now," is one of the first
expressions we have to learn and it
works overtime. An exasperated Am-
erican witn a nmitea rrencn vocao-
ular' - Put it thusly to some local
workmen: "Here, you. do that toot
sweet, and the sweeter the tooter."
"Some of our men are so intensely
loyal to America that they sometimes
make unfair comparisons. One of out
secretaries asked a young soldier on
.We j dont think much
of it," was the reply. "I've been over
several months, have been in most
... ... . . !
of the cities and none of them comes
up to my town. There ain't no real
cities in France, this is the only place
that looks anything like a real city
and it looks like a country village
alongside of my town." "Where dc
you live?" was the query. "Grand
Rapids." was the proud reply.
"Some of our engineers are doing
things in a real American fashion and
winning ihe admiration of the French
people lor their ability to put some
thing across. Large engineering en
terprises are being completed against
big obstacles with a speed that would
be creditable in most favorable condi
tions at home. American business
methods are pushing their way in.
The use of bank checks, which was
almost unknown three years ago. isj
becoming familiar. Baseball is now
breaking out in such violent form that
the Association cannot keep up with
the demand for equipment. iome
southern negro work troops met a
detachment from French African ter
ritory and undertook to start a friend
ly conversation. Je ne comprend pas
was all the answer they got whereup
on the big sergeant from Alabama
who was acting as spokesman, turned
to his fellows and exclaimed, "Fo de
Lawd's sake. Lea ha some niggahs
what doan know how to talk dere own
langwidge." The French children
have great admiration .for the Amerl
their way to and from school. Almost
without exception they salute or wave
tnelr nand8 BlnK oul eery
'f001 niBht.' regardless of the tune of
da7- They havn't quite learned Uiat
fine emphasis of finality which mlTkes
U .f "h us.
, The Americans have several things
to learn from the French. Our native
. j . ..,. j La
conceit often leads us to wound and
i In reply as they are too courteous
and polite. It will be a f re.at thing
I of each nation can discover the bet
that la In that MViAr That Y M C A.
Many Franco-American gatherings
are promoted by the association. One
of the most inpresslve meetings I
have attended was a New Years ser
vice In which the association cooper
ated, given by the French to the Am
erican soldiers In a protestant temple.
We are reciprocating with an obser
vance of Washington's birthday in
which we hope to set forth to the)
French we best ideals of American
life. Oh, yes, I am writing about the
American spirit. Well, Henry Fordid
Waterman pens, Underwood typwrlt
era. Gillett razors. Singer sewing ma.
chines, Columbia River salmon and
Quaker Oats are about as common ns
i thy are at home. I went to a French
i movie the othpr evening and aside
i from the fa-t that it did not begin
I until 8:45 p. m. and that the titles
I were in French, it was hard to believe,
I but what we were in our American j
ruy. Charlie Chaplin and Mary Pick-,
i ford were the stars on the occasion.",
A letter received recently from Fer-i
dinand Meuk, one of the old members!
of Uie association who left about a
year aeo for Huntington, W. Va. j
When in Bisbwe he was employed at
the C. Q. In the engineering depart-1
ment. He is now employed by a big
land broker and engineer and saysi
that he is doing fine. With reference
to the Bisbee association he says: i
"The Bisbee Y with all the fine fel
lows. I can not forget. I lived in the
building for about two and a half i
years and all mv actions were more;
or less Influenced by the Y activities."!
Ferd will be remembered by many
01 ine oiu neaus arounu iiixm-
i tion and surely will be glad to know j
of his success.
7- TIT" nf A Afrvyjrt
IV J lOLCb
There will be a girls vesper service
- i nn . -.'in C ..... 1 ... W'a
I at IU U.OV y. III. OUIIUtlJ. i v
hope that all girls and all those in
terested in our Bisbee girls will attend
this meeting when Miss Alice O.
Moore. City Secretary Girls Work. Pa
cific Coast field, will talk to us. There
will also be special music by Miss
Mrt'onaughty and Mr. 1 elindes. We
hope that there are many of the moth
ers as well as girls w'io will come to
this service.
There will be a membership after
noon at the Y. W. C. A. Thursday
from 3:00 to 6:00 p. m. when the
mothers and wives cf the drafted men
are especially invited. An interesting
program and a good time is being ar
ranged by the committee in charge.
All members please come and bring
a friend.
The Order of Eastern Star will en
tertain the army men next Friday
from 8:00 to 11:00 p. m. at the Y. W.
C. A. The home atmosphere at the
association is much appreciated and .
enjoyed by the men as was manifested ,
at previous affairs of this kind. The
ladies are planning a delightful even
ing and it is hoped that the men will!
continue to feel at heme with us by :
coming Iiriday evening to enjoy the
games program, dancing and refresh-,
ments.
The General Conference for the Y.
W. C. A. workers was a source of great
insDiration to the delegates who at
tended the sessions at Tucson this j
week. There were three Pacific Coast j
field secretaries present; Miss Char-j
lotte Davis, city secretary; Miss Alice j
G. Moore, city secretary girls work.
ana Miss Helen Fulton, field students j
secretary, who gave some very help-1
ful talks along the I'nes of the several
branches of Y. W. C. A. activities. It
is hoped that there will be many oth
er siciiiar conferences in tn maics.
Miss Alice G. Moore, girls secretary
Pacific Coast field, g3ve an instruc
tive and helpful talk to girl leaders
and Y. W. C. A. workers in the "blue
room" Saturday afternoon.
AU thcse wno went to Tucson for
the High bcnooi t.ins i. . v.. n
convention came nacn iuii oi enmu
.- .1 Hn..Avn.l nn Inctli M I inll !l I
siasm and reported an Inspirational
as well as good time. The Tucson
girls proved themselves lovely host
esses. Girls, don't miss the vesper servire
this afternoon! Our friend. Miss
Moore, will be the speaker.
Saturday afternoon the Canin, Fire
Girts gave a party in honor of Miss
Alice G. Moore who is Pacific Coast
secretary for the girls' work. There
were games and Miss Moore enter
tained the girls with stories and a
short talk. The girls all realized a
real big sister in Miss Moore.
School Notes
E. J. LawTenson severed his con
nection with the high school Friday
evening and will leave immediately to
Join the U. S. Navy. The high school
loses a very valuable member of its
faculty and one that will be hard to
replace. '"
Mrs. Katharine Hoy Jackson leaves
the nigh school this week and will join
her husband at Camp Funston.
Miss Alice Walters of Worcester
University. Ohio, arrived Saturday and
will take a position in the Junior
High School at Lowell.
The teachers attending the State
Teachers' Association convention at
Tucaon arrived home Friday evening
and report a very profitable program.
Dr. R. H. H. Blame of Flagstaff was
unanimously elected president of the
Association. County Superintendent
Elsie Toles and Superintendent C. F.
Philbrook were elected members ot
the executive! committee. Principal
E. Q. Snider was elected a member of
the executive committee of the state
high school athletic association.
One of the rrade teachers stole a
march on her friends and the school
authorities by slipping over to Tuc
son last August and getting married.
It has gradually leaked out and the
records of the county clerk's office
confirm the rumors that have been cir
culating in school circles In Bisbee.
The records show that F. E. Daly
and Miss Maude Perry were married
August lfi, 1917. It is now in order
to extend delayed congratulations to
the young people.
C. W. Randall, assistant wipertn
tendent of the Pheonix schools, visited
the Douglas and I'isbeel schools on
Friday. He left Friday evening for
Phoenix.
Beginning Monday the afternoon ses
sions of the Night School will be dla
roltnued. NEW YORK DOES WELL
NEW YORK. April 20 The New
York federal reserve bank reported
tonight tht It had received Liberty
losn subscriptions amounting to $541.
645,950. a g-ln cf $:3.:95.100 or 3S
per cent of its quota.
The Churches
c T" inuhl'C coicrADAI P W 1 1 R H
Sunday School, 9:45 a. in.
Morning Prayer and Address. 11 a. m.
Offertory Anthem "O. Taste and
See" Marton
Wednesday, Choir Practice, ( p. ni.
Jacob M. White. Rector.
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH 1
The regular religious services will , Sun,av St,ool 9:45 a. m.. morning
be held in Warren Sunday, April 21. I worship 11:00 a. m. Sermon topic:
Sabbath School at 10 a. m. : -The Destinies of the Hour." Evening
Preaching at 11 a. m. ( worship S:00 p. m. Sermon topic:
There will also be a preaching serv- j -character and Vision." Prayer meet
Ice on the same date at Man Luis atjil)K Wednesday. April 24th. 8:00 p. m.
8p ". , ALLAN KRICHBAUM, Pastor.
A. J. Irwin, Minister.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
Sunday School. 9:45 a. in.
Morning Service. 11 a, m. Theme:
"Christian Usefulness."
Junior and Senior. B. Y. P. C 6:45
p. m. Gronu No. :! will lead.
Evening Service. 7:M p. m. Tieme:
"Weished in the Balances." Evening
service ,m i"resoyi'.ruui missi-.m.
Johnson Addition, at 8:00 p. m.
Prayer meeting Wednesday, 7:45 p.
m. You are invited to attend these
services.
II. E. Compton. Pastor.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE SOCIETY
. Christian Science Society of Bisbee
holds services every Sunday morning:
at 11:15 o'clock in the Woman's club!
bldg. on Quality Hill. Wednesday
evening testimony meeting at 7:45. ;
The public is welcome and invited .
to attend. Subject for toIay: "Doc
trine of Atonement."
METHODIST EPISCOPAL i
Public worship 11 and 7:30. At thel
evening meeting there will be a patri-i
otic program with speeches and songs
r
If You Want to Buy Shoes At
Less Than Wholesale Prices
4
YOU WILL HAVE TO HURRY, FOR
Our Big Clearance Sale Will
End Shortly
To start the week, we have placed a big assortment
of Spring and Summer Footwear on sale for tomorrow
morning. Those who come early will have the best bar
gains to choose from, so make arrangements now .to
visit our store tomorrow.
Work shoes hand-made dress shoes, high shoes and
low shoes are ail included in this big sale. Shoes are ad
vancing in price every day. Save two or three dollars
by buying now at our store.
Brewery 1
Gulch
Stockmen -ATTENTION!- Dairymen
Our COLD PRESSED COTTON SEED CAKE is un
excelled for cattle feed and dairy purposes.
We will have a few cars of Cake to offer at $40.00 per
ton F. O. B. Yuma.
Place your order at once. ,
SOMERTON COTTON & COMMERCIAL CO.,
SOMERTON, ARIZONA
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorderc.
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest tnethoda.
Piano and Flayer Piano
Tuning and Repairing
Guaranteed Work
HERBERT GRIBBLE
Resident Tuner.
Phone 691
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
OK ST.
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor
and Builder
ESTIMATES FURNISHED ON
ALL CLASSES OF BUILINGS
SEE ME LAST Phone Green 7B2
REVIEW WANT ADS BRING
RESULTS.
and a service flag containing 28 stars
will be dedicated. i
fnicn Young People's meeting at i
the Baptist church at :"..
CHAKLKS V. IIARSIl.MA.V. Pastor.,
Informal Christian Science meetings
; arp jn arren everv Sunday at
: n.ft( a nl at first rutl:iKI S0Mlh ot
thB.y. All are most welcome. Sub-
ject for today;
meut."
"Doctrine of Atone-
DANIELS CONFIDENT
(By Review Leased Wire)
BOSTON. April 20. These "tempo
lary successes" of the Germans on the
western front mark thel rlast depr
ate stroke and whether it succeded
r fails dot 3 not mean a final trl-.impii
for Germany, Secretary oftbe Navy
Daniels told the thousands of youn.:;
men who greeted him at the Hi'.r ard
radio school today.
FIRE ON AMERICAN
.By Review loused Wire)
EL PASO, Texas. April 20. A shot
was fired at an American cavalry
patrol from across the Rio Grande at
the union stock yards here late to
day. The patrol returned the tire, fir
ing ten shots which brought a volley
from the Mexican side after which
thefiring ceased. At military head
quarters it was said there was ao
casualties on the American side.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Bisbee
Contractor and Builder
ESTIMATES AND PLANS
FURNISHED
Wm. McDOUG ALL
OPPOSITE LINCOLN SCHOOL
PHONE GREEN 728
CHICHESTER S PILLS
(0)
fill, km tU4 Ul tioU rettUuN
botes, sctocd WlU Flu RlUw.
k mm i Wip. Bur f riw "
ammit. A (. lll- llY-TrB I
DlAjJlOD HKANU rilXM.1
Q.rknuwnft, Bot. Saint. Alr Kellibla
SOLO BY DRUGGISTS EVERVMOJE
CATARRH
'OF THE
BLADDER
Bc!l3T3d 13
24 Hours
rh Op- s N
e beam tho yinv
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Sollclti Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
MA AT
r
Special Bargains
ON SALE AT
OILMAN'S
50c Section
$1.00 Section
$1.50 Section
$2.50 Section
$5.00 Section
SEE OUR
1
I
L. L. GI
This Bank is managed by Officers and
Directors chosen for their integrity, high
standing and experience in financial mat
ters. We invite your consideration of this
Bank and welcome YOUR account.
Bank with us.
When You Think of Building
Think of
GIB
LUMBER
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5 : 30 to 7 : 30 p. m. Regular Board by the month. $40 ;
$10 by the wteL
Henry Poppen, Manager.
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Painting. Paper Hanging, Tinting and
Signs. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y. W. C A.
P. O. Box 1531 'Hone 739
Bisbee Lumber Company. inc
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
Values to $2.50
Values to $3.50
Values to $4.50
Values to $6.00
Values to $15.00
n
t
!
A
WINDOW-
LMANi
SON-HINE
COMPANY
HMILMJjPti lfi T'g Mm-L
Phone 88
The Body of
Our Paint
Is pure white lead. It Is mixed with
turpentine or pure linseed oil ac
cording to whether it is to be used
for in or outside work. There Is no
grit In it; no adulterants to make
its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always get their supplies
hore. Wouldn't it be wise for you
to follow their example.
LOWELL CAR 8TOP.
PHONE 2 fHE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 21, 1918.
SEVEN
V
Advertisements
Advertisements
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Bell boy. Copper Queon
Hotel. ' 766
WANTED A man to work on a ranch.
Apply Brophy Carriage Co., Lowell.
!5S
MEN WANTED To learn automobile
and airplane business in Detroit.
Good advancement. Address by let
ter National Co., 704 WoodwarJ
Ave., Detroit, Mich. 960
WANTED A white cook; very good
wares for very good work; phone
77. 790
WANTED American labor. Apply
'.Yin-en Bros. Co., Lowell Hotel,
l.i veil, Arizona. 897
i.CuuLS actual auto repairing, book
uucping, shorthand, radio engineer
lug. Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, Lob Angeles. Catalog free.
230
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Woman pastry cook; ap
plv French kitchen, Brewery Gulch.
952
WANTED Ten bright, capable wo
men to travel, demonstrate and sell
dealers. $25.00 to $50.00 per week.
Raiiroad fare paid. Weekly advance
for traveling expenses. Address at
oncti Goodrich Drug Company, Dept.
131, Omaha, Nebr. 571
WANTED Maid for general house
work Phone 17. 810
Positions Wanted
SEAMSTRESS WILL GO OUT. Phone
J29. 891
CAPABLE MAN Wants clerical or
bookkeeping position for evening
work after 4:30 p. m., box 2498, Bis
bee. 953
For Sale
FOR SALE Small transient house, 21
V. XV. OU CCl, UCAl IU XJIOUCO lUllUfC
ment Co.
452
FOR SALE Five room furnished
house. Laundry Hill. Call Red 805.
806
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 81-2x11, at $1.00 per 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
FOR SALE Uncalled for suit. M.
Levin Tailoring Co., Lowell. 904
RULED INDEX CARDS 5x3 inches,
'for sale at Review Job Department,
315
FOR SALE Good Jersey and Holstein
milch cows. Treu's Meat Market.
Phone 66. -' X 1000
FOR SALE Bargain; Best located
rooming house in Bisbee; clearing
$15u up, month. Just the place for
man and wife. Sacrifice for quick
sa'o. Box X, Review office. 994
FOR SALE Flicker Hat boiler, new
tailor sewing machine. City Dye
Wcrks, Phone 739. 896
WILL SELL OR TRADE For Ford,
two brown Jersey milk cows, 1 a
two year-old, giving four gallons, 1 a
four-year-old giving Bix gallons. 84
Urper owell. 892
FOR SALE Beautiful piano $100, am
leaving town and must sell. Phone
518. 923
FOR SALE Ranch home, suitable for
truck or cattle, must sell, will con
fcider automobile as part payment.
See me 110 Opera Drive, east sids
Central school. 901
i . .
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 81-2x11, at $1.00 per 600
sheets. Review Job Dept.
F(5r SALE Have good second hand
light truck or roadster, will sell
cl-eap. Old Mason block. Smith j
shop, Lowell. 903
FOR SALE 2 cook stoves .".2 Tomb
stone Canyon. Mrs. Lewis. 699
FOR SALE House with garage, large
yard and chicken pen, bargain for
c.sh, Winwood Addition, R. J. Brown
894
FOR SALE 100 shares of Ariz.-Okia-iionu
Oil & Gas; 200 shares of Ajo
Comclia; 500 shares of Inspiration
Central; 500 shares of Ariz. Copper
Queen; 400 shares of Michigan
Vtide cheap for cash, or will trade
for used car in good condition. An
swer P. O. Box 3693 Lowell, Ariz. 895
PETEY DINK The Women
Jiugoes, i've sold ATt4.xjiAwt
DOLIAI3S V0CTLI nc I IflcrTM c
So ac- x Te"ll Noo A MAk, 01
Bosiuebs abiutv tike me caj
HEep a toT at A TtMe. Uke.THs
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each isue, with a minimum charce of 2o cents
must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion In next morning s paper.
For Sale
FOR SALE Cheap, cash or terms,
four rooms, big lot, fine location, two
doora from old school. C. Damne,
ai ren. 784
FOR SALE Practically new Overl
and car model 90, run 500 miles. In
quire Geo. Suell, Tombstone Canyon.
793
FOR SALE Young pigs, 4 to 6 weeks
old. Warren Ranch. 844
FOR SALE Pure bred white anil
brown le&horn chicks, $12.60 per
100. Send $2 per 100 with orosr,
will ship C. O. D. Foresters Hat
chery, Route No. 3, Phoenix, Ariz.
FOR SALE One 12x14 ft., 12 or. white
canvas tent; almost new: see Otto
lihend, at the Bisbee Improvement
Co., during noon hour. 966
FOR SALE Cheap. A 5-room house;
Adams Addition; furnished or un
furnished; see Bert Clement for
terms. Phone No. Red 728. 967
FOR SALE Boy's brand new saddle;
all leather; will sell cheap if bought
at once. Apply at Miller's Shirt &
Hat Shop. 969
FOR SALE California Poplars; make
beautiful shade trees; grow rapidly
anu require little attention. Plant
seme this year. It will be too late
next week. Price, 50c each. Plant
ed and guaranteed to grow, $1.00
each. Phone 791 evenings, or write
box 2S5 city. 927
FOR SALE! Have good second hand
light truck or roadster, will sell
Cheap. Old Mason blacksmith
shop, Lowell. ' 903
FOR SALE 15-horse Thor, cheap. Ap
ply It R. Young back of Henderson's
Lumber Yard. 956
FOR SALE 2-in. Centrifugal pump, in
- good rutoning order; write P. O. box,
2320. 957
FOK SALE Furniture, 111A Tomb
stone Canyon, phone Blue849.
FOR TRADE Two good lots In El
Paso for mining stock. What have
youT Roy Benz, Bisbee. 733
FOR SALE Old papers 25 cents per
bundle. Review office.
FOR SALE Six room house with
bath, screen porch, large yard.
Quarry Canyon. $500 to $600 will
handle, balance like rent Will
sacrifice or quick sale. Apply Mc
Dougall, Tombstone Canyon, op
posite Lincoln school. Phone
Green 72S. 667
FOR SALE Used car, model 80, Ov
erland A-l condition mechanically,
good tires, extra casings, . driven
7500 miles. Call at Review office.
693
iS5L
LOST Keyring, with two keys. Re
turn to Review. 993
LOST Gold mounted fountain pen; I.
C, between Upper Lowell and John
ston Addition. Return to Review or
Jjhuston Addition Furniture Store.
979
Found
FOUND Yale Key, No. 2275, "Secur
it " Owner can have same by call
ing at this office and paying for
nof'ce. . 995
Miscellaneous
IF YOU INTEND TO BUILD or alterant-
your home it will pay you to see
(".us C. Hendrick, Box 3823 Lowell.
898
THE JIP BLOCK CO. of Douglas will
pay $5.00 to the man who took the
wcrk bench from the rear of Cun
ningham house, if he will return the j
J;p Block sign to A. Parker, Warrea.
900
OLD CLOTHES BOUGHT. Phone 733.
Money to Loan
$50,000 TO LOAN an improved city
property or for building, on easy
terms of payment. T. A. Hughes,
over Bank of Bisbee. 26
SMALL quick loans on your personal
noto to salaried men and women, al
so on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 166
Take All the Fun Out of It
r-- . '. ; , : , ' , 1 . . . . ." 1 '" muwi
a . v l f OM PETTfeVf DEAC-WE SOLO y OVKLC PETEV N.
it. I WAMeuT T3etu "V L- . A moasAUD Doliars wth I in Hoioiut The rECOrj) V
),' IwVfokf A 5ALESMAV4 FDRNEAS ) OF USEtCW SOMDS Tova VJ ( tVhs. SEUlUC UGERTV 0U&S 1
Vrri QT I fo wothivjc- -L J ?ust "Mk ; rf-vb I ,V1 Nv xitrct vutu .
mtPz in V 1 v fu Wif vyto7 A
Furnished Rooms
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished
$2.00 per week and up. '
rooms
377
FOR RENT 3 furnished rooms. Apply
Dan Garrity, Jones Hill. 901
FOR RENT Nice front room, opposite
new Catholic church, 44 Quality Hill.
935
FOR RENT One large front room
furnished on car line no hill or steps
to climb. Address 210 Tombstone
Canyon, near Met stop. Mrs. J. R.
Curry- 902
RULED INDEX CaRDS 6x3 lnchex,
for sale at Review Job Department.
315
FOR RENT Two furnished light
housekeeping rooms 163 Opera Drive
888
For Rent
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
rooms; two furnished batching rooms,
and garage room for one; corner 67
Upper Lowell. 930
FOR RENT 2 furnished rooms; water
and lights furnished; also lor sale,
3-rooms with large porch, Winwood
Addition. A. Hamrick. 923
FOR RENT 2 concrete garages;
lights and water; Rosok Apartments,
School Hill. 934
FOR RENT 3 room furnished house
207 High Road. 8.3
FOR RENT Two story building, with
lance basement, suitable ior wnoie
sale house or storage and warehouse
business. In center of Bisbee busi
ness district. Rent reasonable. Ap
ply bisbee Daily Review. 542
FOR RENT Two housekeeping rooms
49 O K. street. 749
j FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping, ro. zu curve si.f
opposite Convent. 789
FOR RENT Eight room furnished
home, suitable for light housekeep
ing. 66 Upper Lowell, across from
Lowell depot. 842
FOR RENT Garage, light and water,
$ 4.(1' per mom I, it Flan'air, S
Masou Hill. Phone Blue 647. 863
FOR RENT Batching quarters, 176
Nacc Road, Holbrook stop. 893
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS for rent.
Grey house No. 6, Gowan ridge, east
of C. Q. hospital. Also one lodging
room. 992
FOR KENT 3-room furnished house.
No. S Johnston Ave., Johnston Ad
dition. Phonc Geen 696. 990
FOR RENT One 3-room house, in
Moon Canyon. G. W. Vanderwalker.
990
rOR KENT Two nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms, 14 Jiggerville.
No children. 968
FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms. John Ceron, War
ren. 965
FOR RENT 4-room furnished house,
in Warren, phone 518. 928
FOR RENT 5-room house, 83 Upper
Lowell. 964
FOR RENT Front room with three
wicaows and closet. Breakfast Sun
day mornings, 99 Mason Hill, near
car stop. 963
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms;
baefc of Brewery Guclh Lumber
Yard." 973
FOU hLNT One 4-room modern, un
furnished house, sleeping porch; also
gaiage; Tombstone Canyon. Hogan
& Seed, phone 10. 9.4
FOR RENT Nice 3-room furnished
apartment; with screen porch; 2
blocks south of C. & A. office. War
ren. W. R. Johnson. 980
FOR RENT 3-room. furnished house.
Phone Black 798. 1
Professional Cards
MADAME J. REA KEYS. St. Regis no
tel. Lowell. Ariz. Phone 62. Clair
voyant and crystal reader. Doa-1
trance npirit medium born with a
double veil, without asking questions
gives you dates, facts and figures
and will read jour entire life. 720
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
Wanted
EW'EKIENCED TRUCK GARDENER
van is to rent farm on shares. F. W.
G., Review office. 924
WANTED Washing to do at the Col
ored hand laurdry; will wash over
alls and jumpers; men's clothes
mended; H57V& Brewery Gulch;
Phone, green S52. 962
WANTED Ford touring body only;
in toed condition. Give cheapes
c-sli price and description. Address
M. E. H., box 2334, Bisbee. 93T
WANTED To buy one small cash reg
ister for cash. Address P. O. box
125S, Bisbee. 932
WANTED A four or five i-ooid ho.u.e
for a client. Must be centrally
located and on level Tombstone
Canjon preferred. What have you
to offer? C. II. Hogan, below Copper
Qu. en hotel. 839
WANTED Double headed hardwood
barrels in good condition. We will
pay $1.50 each delivered at our mar
kets in Bisbee or Lowell or at our
slaughter house. E. A. Tovrea &. Co.
Salesmen
SALESMAN Capable specialty man
for Arizona. Staple line on NEW
and EXCEPTIONAL terms. Vacan
cy now. Attractive commission con
tract, $35 weekly for expenses. Miles
F. Fixler Co., 716 Carlin Bldg., Cleve
land. O. 959
ARIZONA TO PRODUCE
EGYPTIAN COTTON ON
MUCH LARGER ACREAGE
WASHINGTON, April 20 Pointing
out tho necessity for a greatly increas
ed pioduction of long staple cotton to
meet the nation's growing needs from
such fibre, specialists of the United
States department of agriculture, in a
statement issued .today, discuss tha
poshiLilities of extending cotton grow
ing in California.
Egyptian cotton, well adapted to the
irrigated valleys of Arizona and Cali
fornia, is believed to be the best type
to riar.t in new areas under present
eruditions. Experimental plantings of
this cotton in the San Joaquin and
Sacramento valleys have resulted fav
orably, the statement says, and its pro
duclion is likely to be extended to
these sections.
Trie scarcity of extra stable cotton
may be understood trom the fact that
70 to SO cents a pound has been paid
recently for superior grades of Egyp
tian cotton in Arizona, for which 25
cent formerly was considered a good
price. Decline in production in Eypt
and the difficulty in importing this
crop since the war, together with the
rcUuction in our Sea Island crop as a
result, of boil weevil injury, are reasons
for the present situation. The needs
of American manufacturers for cotton
of tiie Egyptian type, if they were to
be met by home production would call
for the planting of several hundred
thousand acres, the specialists Kay.
About 30,000 acres of Egyptian cotton
wer grown in the Salt River valley iu
1917, with a return to the farmers es
timated at $3.0o0,00o. Recent esti
mates from this and other valleys in
dicate that nearly 100.000 bctps of
Egyptian cotton will be planted in
Arizona this year.
The statement points out the advan
tages of Egyptian cotton over ilie
short staple tpes. discusses prelimin
ary steps in developing cotton indus
tries in new sections of California and
mentions certain precaution tliat
slionl be observed. Stress is laid up
on the need of community organiza
tion in establishing an industry.
Legal Notices.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3388.
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix, Ariz.,
March f-, 191S.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
the Bi3beo-Warren Copper Company,
a corporation organizod and existing
under the laws of the state of Arizona,
with its principal of'ico at the city of
Bisbee, by its president and secretary,
thereunto duly authorized by resolu
tion of its Board of Directors; lias
m:.dc application for a patent for the
Wildflower lode mining claim, situaf
ed in Warren Mining District. Cochise
County, State of Arizona, in Section 18
1 Township 23, South, Range 25 East,
'u. & S. R. B. & M., which claim is de
scribed as follow?, to-wit:
! Beginning at Cor. No. 1, the W. U
Tor. ot Sec. IS, V. 2:t S.. R. 25 E., G. &.
S. R. B. & M., Irs. N. 88' l.V W. 1G51
ft., thence S. Si' 55' E. 41X5 feet to
Cor. No. 2, thence N. 2' 24' E. 102 3
feet to Cor. No. 3, thence S. 73" 49' E.
luf.0.0 feet to Cor. No. 4, the N. E. Cor.,
thence S. 2" 24' W. 600 feet to Cor.
No. 5, the S. E. Cor., thence N. 73 49
V. 1156.5 feet to Cor. No. 6, the S. W.
Cor., thence N. 2 24' E. 378.8 feet to
Cor. No. 1, the place of the beginning,
coi'taining net area of 17.S39 acres.
The location notice of this claim is
recorded in the County Recorder's of
fice. Cochise County, State of Arizona,
as follows: Book 57 Record of Mines,
at page 431.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: North liar. No. 2424. Delta lode,
Sur. No. 2062, Golden Era, No. 1 lode.
East Sur. No. 2062, Little. Era lode,
American lode, unsurveyed, owned by
John Fitzpatrick. South, Anvil lode,
unsurveyed, owned by John Fitzpat
rick. West, Golconda lode, Sur. No.
339C
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication March 8. 1918.
Last Publication May 17, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.,
March 23, 1918.
NOTICE is hereby given that John
II. Stoltz. of Hereford, Arizona, who,
ion April 17, 1913, made Homestead
.Entry, No. 0221S4, for SE'i, Section
1 15, Township 22-5, Range 21-E, G. Ac
! S. R. B. Meridian, has tiled notice of
j intention to make three year Proof, to
'establish claim to the land above de
' scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, United
! States commissioner, at Bisbee, Ari
zona, on the first day of May, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses: Gil
bert J. Perry, William A. Lyth, Co'
umbus T. Stoltz, all 3, of ilereforo,
Arizona; Ira E. Loorais, ot Lewis
Springs, Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN.
Register.
First publication, March 30, 1918.
Last publication. May 1, 191S.
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
jTHt BISBEE-WARREN COPPEa
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
Mineral Survey No. 3390
PATENT
U. S. Land Office-, Phoenix, March 4,
1918.
! Nttice is hereby given that the Bis-
bee-Warren Copper Company, a cor
poration organized and existing under
' the laws of the State of Arizona, with
i its principal ot'tice at the city Oi Bis-
be.;, by it3 president and secretary,
'thereunto duly authorized by resolu
: tiou of its board of directors, has made
i application for patent for the follow
1 ing named lode mining claims, bearing
copper, gold and silver, situated in the
Warren Mining District of Cochise
; County, State of Arizona, approxi
mately in Section Is, Township 23
! South, Rane 25 E., and Section 13,
j Township 23 South, Range 24 East
i (unapproved) described as follows:
i GOLCONDA "Beginning at Cor. No.
1. the N. W. Cor., hence the W. V
! Cor. of Sec. 18, T. 23 S- R. 24 E., G. i
S. ft. B. & M., brs. N. M" 55' W. 157.9
feet, thence S. SS 55' E. 14D4.20 feet
: to Cor. No. 2, the N. E. Cor, ;hence
S. 2 24' V. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3, the
S. E. Cor., thence N. t$ 55' W. 1494.20
feel to Cor. No. 4, the S. W. Cor.,
thence N. 2J 24' E. 600 feet to Cor. No.
1, tne place of the beginning, contain
ing a net area of 20.0 ib acres.
HOLD OVER "Beginning at Cor.
' No. 1, the N. W. Cor, whence the W. h
! Cor. of Section IS, T. 23 S., R. 25 E.,
'G. fic S. K. B. & M. brs. N. 11 55' W.
,635.4 feet, thence S. 8b' 55' E. 1494.20
Ifeet to Cor. No. 2, the N. E. Cor.,
I thence S. 2 21' W. 600 feet to Cor.
Nc 3, the S. E. Cor., thence N. 88 55'
j W. 1494.20 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. W.
: Cor., thence N. 2" 2 E. 600 feet to
I Cor. No. 1, the place of the beginning
j containing a net area of 20.576 acres."
I HORSE SHOK "Beginning at Cor.
No 1, the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor.
1 for the S. V.". Ccr. of Sec. IS and the
I N. W. Cor. of Sec. 19 T. 23 S., R. -25 E.,
!G. & S. It. B. & M. brs., S. 8 25' W.
; 833.2 feet, thence N. 2" 24' E., 6o0 feet,
i in 1'nr Nn 2 thfi N. W. Tor., thpnee
i S. 88" 55' E. 141)4.20 tech. to Cor. No. 3,
jthe N. E. Cor., thence S. 2 21' W.
49J.50 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor.,
thence S. 87 03' W. 1500.30 feet to
Cci. No. 1, the place of the beginning,
containing a net area of 18.767 acres."
APEX "Beginning at Cor. No. 1,
the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor. for the
S W. Cor., of Sec. 18 and the N. W.
Cor. of Sec. 19, T. 23 S., R. 25 E., G. &
S. R. B. & M. brs. S. 19 29' E. 870.9
feet, thence N. 12 27' E. 327.40 feet
to ( or. No. 2, the N. W. Cor., thence
S. 87 18' E. 1508.60 feet to Cor. No.
'3. the N. K. Cor., thence S 12 27' W.
400.70 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor.,
thence N. 84" 32' W. 1497.90 feet to
j Ccr. No. 1, the place -if the beginning,
j cui.taining a n-t area of 5.279 acres
expressly excluding area in conflict
i with florse Shoe lode of this survey
i of b.'MH acres and w ith Sunshine lode
I of this survey of 0.784 acres."
I SUNSHINE "Beginning at Cor. No.
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts of tadi, their meeting nights, thir officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective -leadings In these columns.
' BISBEE LODGE, NO. 713.
Meets every Friday night, Moose Hall
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
V. R. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
LO Y
AL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UN
ITED STATES OF AMERICA.
DREADNAUGHT.
I O. L. NO. 210.
meets in L O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
Invited to at
tend. Wm.
T. SMiTHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead S95, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' hall. Visiting Archers are
cordially invited.
MRS. C. C. FINLAYSON, Foreman
P. C. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent
Box 1490.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy NalL
H. C. LANDAU. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meeu every 2nd
. and 4th Thursday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
j sisters are cordially invited.
! MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C.
1 Phone Black 851.
! IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
i Box 1475
1, tne N. E. Cor., whence the W. hi
Cor. of Sec. IS T. 23 S., R. 25 E., G. &
S. R. B. & M. brs. N. 81 55' W. 157.9
feet, thence S. T 24' W. 1500 feet to
Coi. No. 2, the S. E. Cor., thence S.
66' 17' W. 668.20 feet to Cor. No. 3,
the S. W. Cor., thence N. 2 24' E.
1U'A feet to Cor. No. 4, the N. W. Cor.,
thence N. 66 17' E. 668.20 feet to Cor.
No. 1, the place of the beginning, con
taining a net area of 20.660 acres."
NANCY HANKS "Beginning at
tor No. 1, the N. E. Cor., whence the
W 4 Cor. ot Sec. IS, T. 23 S., R. 25 E.,
G. it S. R. B. & M. brs. N. 57 26' E.
540.4 feet, thence S. 2 24' W. 1500
feet to Cor. No. 2, the S. E. Cor.,
thence S. 66 17' W. 668.20 feet to Cor.
No. 3, the S. W. Cor., thence N. 2 24'
E 1500 feet to Cor. No. 4, the N. W.
Cor., thence N. 06 17' E. 66S 20 feet
to Cor. No. 1, the place ot the begin
ning, containing a net area of 19.j5o
acres, expressly excluding area in con
flic with Survey No. 2154, William B.
Mocre lode of 0.152 acres, and with
Survey No. 3137 Jack Pot No. 2 lode
of 0.95S acres."
The location notices ot these claims
are recorded in the County Recorder's
Ufiice, Cochisu County, as follows:
Golconda Book 57, Record ot Mines
Pare 105.
Hold Over Book 38, Record of
Mines, Page 463.
liorse Shoe Book 30, Record of
Mines, Page 330.
Apex Book 57, Record of Mines,
Page 481.
Sunshine Book 30, Record of Mines
Pane- 332.
Nancy Hanks Book 30, Record of
Mines, Page 331.
The names of the adjoining claims
arc: North Survey No. 33S9. Carbon
ate. Copper Wedge and Sulphide lodes,
Suivey No. 2125, Doita lode. East,
Survey No. 23SS, Wildflower lode. An
vil Forge and Copper Era lodes, unsur
vejed, owned by John Fitzpatrick.
South, Copper Era lode, unsurveyed,
owiied by John Fitzpatrick, Survey
No. 2451 Vic Roy and William B.
Moore lodes. West Survey No. 3137,
.Iak Pot No. 2 lode. Survey No. 33S9
Ca'bonato lo.Io.
'Hie official survey of said mining
claim being Mineral Survey No. 3390.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication March 8. 1918.
Lai t Publication May 17, 191S.
I
tflb
I
iJUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in MedlgovlcJ
Hall every Tuesday
night. Visiting brothers
welcome.
S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
I J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
LEON H. RICE, C. C.
EARL SOBLEY. K. of R. 8
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. meets
first and third TUESDAYS. 8 p. m.
Eagle, HalL Visitors cordially wel
come. J. F. WILMOTH. President
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDMONDSON. Aerie Physician.
LODGE NO. 671.
Kegu!ar meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend. Box 1323.
JAS. A. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. F.
Hall. 7:30 p. 111. Visiting members art
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID, President,
P. O. Box 34S3, Lowell, Aria.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY,
Secretary, LowelL
E. LINDQUIST, Financial Secretary,
P. O. Box 3246, LowelL
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F
meets every
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellow' HalL
5,
Main street, at 7:30 o'clock. Vlsitirs
brothers cordially invited to attead.
Hall phono 119.
H. R. TAYLOR, N. G.
CARL V. NELSON, Secretary.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets in Masonic Hal!
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meeu
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of cacn
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43, Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec'y. P. O.
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Ccm
Phona 161.
Wr.EK ENDIN GAPRIL 27, 1918.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
V. W. GIDLEY, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. 4: A. M.
J. W. TOLAND, E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary CounciL
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vich Hall. Visit
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Rod.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Box 1621.
MOuERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbeo Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
R. L. MOTZ, ConsuL
H. F. MATHEWSON,
Clerk.
C A. VOir.HT
WW
lip 7 EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 21, 1918.
nnnnnM r. hamprfii r
RAPS SPIES IN U. S.
IN APPEALING TALK
Gordon R. Campbell, the well known
secretary of Calumet & Arizona Min
ing company and its kindred organlza-.
tioDB, is the kind of American of wBom '
all Teal men are proud. Jn a talk at
a patriotic meeting recently held in
the copper country he got squarely I
before the issues of the times and j
told the people exactly where they!
Blood. Incidentally he rapped thej
plea tn the right kind of way. Mr.!
Campbell said in part:
'It takes a long time to arouse the;
fighting spirit of a peaceful nation.:
It takes a long time to train and equip
millions of men for service. It takes ;
a long time to build factories and ;
create stores of munitions when none'
nave existed. It took Germany 50
years of uninterrupted preparation in
times of peace to build up her armies,
her navies, her military supplies and
all that was to conquer a peaceful and
unsuspecting world, that was to fur
.nlsh an army that would walk into
Paris in six weks, London in six
months and cross to New York in a
year. But that army has not reached
Paris yet, thanks to ,the brave dead of
Belgium, France and England, and the
forces that have stayed them have
been gathered in less than three years
time.
We have accomplished much in the
past year, but much more Is to be
done in the year that is to come. We
will have a million and a half men in
France before the end of this year.
We are sending them faster and faster
and the call is yet and ever for men.
We will have another million in train
ing in a few months to follow the
million who are now over there and
going and other million will follow
that. We are building up our muni
tions and foodstuffs and areoplanes
and trying to meet the preparations
of 50 years in one short year. Surely
It Is a gigantic task but we are doing
it, and it will be well done.
Million Mora Men
"Do not deceive yourselves, my fel
low citizens the men whom we have
pver there now are not going to
achieve victory- It will take millions
more to do that. Nay it will take mill
lions more to prevent the sacrifice of
the vanguard.
"Let the cry go np to our leaders
then Speed-up! Speed-up! Stop
your petty contentions. The men are
waiitJig th money is ready GET!
BUSY. GET RESULTS. Get behind i
and shove, YOU AMERICANS and I
force our leaders to keep going to ,
victory. Crush out all pacifism, all i
anti-Americanism. CruBh down all j
the finer sensibilities for a merciless I
foe who at home and abroad, in season j
and out of season, in the darkness of j
night has plotted and worked his hell
ish designs against PEACE.
"It was and is an immense under-1
taking. We had only one thing which
our friends needed only one thing,
which we could furnish them nrompt-:
ly the money which we had taken
from tbtem in the three years they '
were fighting our battles and paying i
us for the privilege. We gave back !
all they wanted and have enabled ;
them to hold until we can send more.
Kill the Spie !
"We should hang every spy and ,
every fire bug and every German i
agent found in this country. We ;
should intern during the period of the ;
war every doubtful character, man or
woman. This is no 'pink tea affair, j
There is more danger from the foe I
who sneaks behind to stab us in thej
back than from the ones we can face !
opening even be they ten to one. J
"No mercy should be shown to any- j
one whose whole spirit is not AMER-1
1CAN and who Is not prepared to payj
the price of his American citizen-!
ship. No one should be permitted to !
remain in this country and live on j
the best that can be had until and 1
unless he has made and continues to!
make every sacrifice necessary to sup- j
port and maintain that upon which his ;
own very existence depends.
"We must send more men and the
call is sent out for another three bil
lion dollars and this third Liberty loan
will not be the last, nor the least.
There are more coming and .it is mj
place and your place to give every
last dollar we can save that those
men who are offering their lives may
come back victors. But a new bond
' every time one is offered and as many j
as you can. Doiv't ask the terms I
dont ask how much interest Uncle j
Sam will pay don't say you haven't if
any money.
"When the Hun comes It will be
with the cry. 'Your money or your
life' and with it your liberty. Your
country says, 'Lend me your money
and I will repay you with interest.'
Which .will you choose?
"Your country offers you the high
est security in the world the whole
United States its wealth, its honor
Is pledged. , .Simply asks the loan of i
your money to do your fighting and j
promises to repay with interest when
tae fight is over win or lose. Did
you ever hear of a fairer bet?
"To the foreign born I would say
I, too, am foreign born. I, like you,
came here a pauper and a beggar. 1
brought nothing except the will to do
the wish to win. I asked only the,
chance to do my best. All that I have, ,
all that I hope I owe to Uncle Sam ;
and if I fail to help him in this time!
of trouble, I am worse than an in
grate, I am a fool and a knave. Why ,
did you come to the United States?
"Because it is easier to make mon- j
ey here than in any other land under
the sun. You get more pay for less
work and have more time to play, j
You came with the hope perhaps of )
getting money enough quickly to re-;
turn and live like a lord in the coun
try in which you were born, because
in that country you could live with-'
out labor, live easily and comfort-!
ably. i
"Let us send to Germany today the !
challenge sent a hundred years ago i
to England in her pride MILLIONS
JJAY BILLIONS ON BILLIONS FOR, 'I
Utr-Ssrall -Saver
A
wy
rum ft
TAMP.
"koz
The Accepted New Styles in Women's Spring Suits. Coats
Dresses, Blouses, Skirts and Millinery
The loveliest garments have found their way to our Apparel section this Spring, where they are making new
friends every day.
Their styles are so becoming and in keeping with the spirit of these war times. Conservation of materials
and trimmings is an important feature, leaving the styles for the coming season beautifully simple, although some
are beautifully trimmed with small clusters of trimmings or buttons.
Every Kind of Pretty Blouse Is Found in Our Spring Display j
: i rWo IS rW
1 ' m
Those who know, predict the vogue of the blouse for the coming season, and we point with pride to the large
and varied assortment we have on display.
A blouse for every purpose; they come in many styles, some with high and low collars, others with large
collars.
Every blouse having a style distinction of its own will make this showing of extreme interest to women, espe
cially because of the reasonable prices at which they are offered, in the following groups: ir
Lingerie Blouses, $1.95 to $7.95 f I Georgette Crepe Blouses, $4.95 to $27.50 : Crepe de Chine Blouses, $3.95 to $7.E0
Bond!
I Of the 3rd Liberty Loan
The Entire Wealth of the
f Nation Is Your Security
"TU ...Ml ,..t,;nU, moot fViai inn
1 1IC5C Will ICllllIjr wil. v. iuvv , ,
are looking for well-styled, inexpensive blouses. s
Many Attractive Dresses
Are Here for Spring Wear
$19.50 to $85.00
There Is Just enough variety in the styles we are showing to make the
choosing of one's Dresses a most delightful pastime.
Here are simple tailored models for business wear as well as the more
dressy models for special occasions.
There are so many new style notes to this showing that one
would have to see them to appreciate their quiet distinctiveness.
The materials are Indestructible Silk Voiles, Georgettes, Crepe de Chine,
Chiffon Taffetas, in all the most' wanted Sprang Shades in plain and fancy
materials.
For Women
Tailored and Dressy Suits
That Are NW Very Popular
$27.50 to $35.00
These stunning garments are at the present time playing the leading
role on the stage of Fashion; distributed within the gathering are clusters
of smart eton, pony, ripple back, plaited, sport and tailored effects.
The materials are Portet twill, gaberdine, French serge, wool poplin,
Fisher-Kennedy tweed, wool Jersey, black and white checks, etc. And, of
course, every wanted color is to be had in this assemblage.
WOMEN'S SILK SUITS
Some very interesting new arrivals in Women's Silk Suits for Spring in
Taffeta, Faille and Earonette Satin. See this collection!
In every wanted style and color, including those to
match Spring suits.
j L '
'" M . I
i
a T
These are modest prices when one considers the ex
cellence of style and quality.
Showing Newest Coats
For Wear These Early Spring Days
$15.00 to $39.50
W liave assembled here a most wonderful assortment of the new
Spring Coats.
Featuring the two most dominant style notes, namely, the straight
plain styles and the figure following models. They are ju":;t the coats for
women busy with war-time duties, because there is no excessive use of
trimmings or furbelos.
Patch pockets, set In sleeves, convertible collars, manv
kinds of belts are but a few of the several distinctive features
that lend charm to every model.
Poplin, tween mixtures, cut bolivia. wool velour. French sere, black
and white checks, velour and Delhi .in all the best Spring shades.
You Will Surely Want OnefThese
, Pretty New Silk Skirts
Special $6.50 and $7.50
The assortments are well diversified with styles for street, sport and
dressy wear; garments .with more exclusive styling you could not find any
where for the price.
Some are trimmed with large fancy pockets, button and wide belts,
while othera are finished plain. The materials are striped silks and satins,
some in plain navy blue.
Lovely Silk Petticoats Special, $3.95
Silk Jersey Top Petticoats with Taffeta Ruffles
There's no apology needed these days for women to wear Bilk. Uncle
Sam needs cotton and wool materials himself, and with silk the onlv re
maining materials, women are going to enjoy the- charms of fine petticoats
of silk more than ever.
We Can "SHOE"
The Whole Family
as Easily as We Can a
Single Member of It
All Sorts of Pretty Spring and Summer Garments Can Be Made
From Our of New . Dress Goods and Trimmings
Women busy with war duties will have plenty of opportunity to dress becomingly if they
choose materials and trimmings for frocks from our. vast collection of new wash fabrics and
silks, for we cannot recall when quality were better nor patterns or colorings more varied or
handsome. ; A Wonderful Line of Dress Trimmings
We know that the tastes of no two of you
are alike; that what pleases one will not
please another. So we made it our business
to make the lines as complete as possible;
and can, we feel quite sure, supply every one
of you with styles in high and low cuts to
measure up fully to the standard of your expectation-
20-Inch Spider Mull
25c a Yard
Here is a special value in lovely white ground mull with
black, green, pink, red and blue stripes and dots, at, the
yard, 25c.
"ACME" Dress Forms
$16.50 and $18
This year, above all others, because
of the great need or labor conservation
and the national demand for increased
home industries, women of all classes
will realize the importance of dojng their
own' sewing and to get the best results
you should have an "Acme Adjustable
Dress Form."
These prices are exceedingly low con
sidering what they would cost on to
day's market
On Easy Terms
Silk-Figured Shirting
Extra Good Value at 50c and 75c a Yard
We never saw such handsome shirtings f these are m
narrow or wide stripes on white ground with white silt
tiKures. Special values at, the yard, Sc- and 7c.
40-Inch Mull Crepe
Extra Value at 35c Yard
elc. in maize, pink. blu. Nile, lureudur and f hite. at, the
yard, 3&e. , ' i
Odd Lot Fancy Silks
$2.00 VaJuea, Special, $1.25 Yard
A closing out of odd lots of Fancy Silks, a wonderfully
good value of 12. OH sUks for Jl 24 a yard.
; V.V V
The Furniture Is So Grand Women's Kimonos $1.50 to $5.95 j Linoleums Make Easily Cleaned Floors
"Oh! They've Got Such a Beautiful Home. Such Rich Looking Fur
niture and, uni 5o eauy
Wouldn't you like to have those who visit you feel and talk this
way to their friends about your home? Of course you would! And
we can provide you with the furniture that will Induce them to do it.
For we make a specialty of supplying homes with
Separate Pieces and Sets for the Dining Room, Parlor,
Living Room, Bed Rood, Kitchen and Porch.
That not only attract attention to themselves because of Uie quality
of their substantial woods, the luster of their finishes and oddity and
beauty of their various designs, but because of the suminous atmos
phere they breathe and the attractive appearance they lend to the en
virons in which they are situated.
And on an Easy Payment Plan
i''ifilHv Jjjyl 1
Quaint Japanese designs and floral patterns in all colors and many ma
terials, as cotton crepe, seeded voiles, Japanese crepe and sco silk, with
satin bands and pipins, priced from $1.50 to $5.95.
Dainty Spring Neckwear for Women
So complete Is our neckwear stock and so Taxied are the styles that it
would be almost impossible to descrbie Uiem. And early inspectloa is sug
gested. . ....
New Hand Bags to Match Spring Suits
These hand bags are in many leathers and Imitation and H colors,
lined with silk in contrasting colors, fitted with mirror, cola purses, atci ..
Women's Sleeveless Jackets Are Smart
These are the latest creations for spring. In black and colored aafSns.
velvet and white wool cord with white satin linings, in sizes from ta 4.
Full Line of Red Cross Aprons
And Caps Regular and Extra Size
-v
V U. S. FOOD ADMINISTRATION LICENSE NUMBER G J
" "
SEE OI R SHOW WINDOWS THEY ARE TEEMING WITH NEW
SPRING 8TYLBS
We have a big variety of linoleum here in all sorts of attractive
colors and patterns that will he well worth jour while to come and
look over hs kind that will not fade, chip, peel, crack nor turn up
at the edges, and from which many years of service can be extracted.
Buy a Hoosier Kitchen Cabinet
For $1.00 Down and $1.00 a Week
Buy a Leonard Refrigerator ,
for Health and Economy's Sake
Food will win the war.
therefore you shoulj not
waste it.
A Leonard Will
Save Ice, Food
Fuel and Health
Much food is wasted for
the reason that it decays or
spoils before it can be eaten,
on account of the lack of a
proper place to keep it.
People often fail to realize
that a good Refrigerator will
preserve food many hours
longer than an ordinary,
cheap one.
DEFENCE, BUT NOT A I'EM IjUK
TRIBUTE "