1
OS
TWO SECTIONS
Fourteen Paget
1
i
Associated Pres3 Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL 21, NO. 87.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CJNTS.
E
i
L
Mmln
EnS
U 0 tlMLfld
MARCH MAKES
STATEMENT
ON SATURDAY
JUST SIX MONTHS AFTER ENEMY
FLUNG FULL MILITARY POWER
AGAINST BRITISH LINES IN
PICARDY TO GAIN COMPLETE
MILITARY VICTORY
SUMS UP SITUATION
NEWS FROM FRONT CONTINU
OUSLY GOOD SAYS CHIEF OF
STAFF IN HIS WEEKLY INTER
VIEW WITH REPRESENTATIVES
OF THE PRESS
AST ORDERS
AMERICA AT
L
ROSS TO HALT
INSTRUCTS ALL ITS AGENTS TO j
BRING ATTENTION OF BOLSHE-!
VIKI THE HORROR WITH!
WHICH OUTSIDE WORLD RE- j
GARDS REIGN OF TERROR j
ALIGNED WITH BRITAIN
OFFICIAL REPORTS FROM RUSSIA
THROUGH NEUTRAL COUN
TRIES RECITE REVOLTING CON
DITIONS EXISTING WHICH
HINDER RELIEF WORK EFFORT'
WASHINGTON. Sppt. 21. Strik
ing proof that the German powei
is fast crumbling came today in (he
announcement by General March.
fhfef tt clnft that fha noii-a from
all battle fronts was "continuing
good" jnd that 1,750.000 American 'A I
troops now have been embarked jjs
for overseas service.
(I
Just six months ago today the enemy
flung his full military power against
the British lines in Picardy In the
great drive that was to end the war
in a smashing victory- Today he wag
fighting desperately to hold the totter
ing Hindenburg line, the defensive sys
tem from which be struck that blow
,nnd back into which be has- been
AMSTERDAM. Sept. 21. An at
tempt has been made at Kursk to
assassinate Leon Trotsky, the Bol
shevik! minister of war and ma
rine, according to a dispatch sent
from Kiev by the correspondent of
the Leipsig Abend Zeitung.
The correspondent says a soldier
fired twice at Trofzky but missed
his mark.
!
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21 Horrified
by the bloody reign of terror in Rus-j
sia, the United States today called j
upen all allied ana neutral nations to
consider wnat tney may qo to impress
upon the Bolshevik! the aversion with
which the civilized world regards
their wanton crimes.
By direction of President Wilson,
hurled. Side by side. British, French Secretary Lansing dispatched instruc
and American armies have broktn def- tions to every American diplomatic
initely the German offensive power representative in the foreign capitals.
In official opinion here. Already the The action aligns the United States
American force, in France are more with that of Great Britain and France
than half as strong as the whole Ger- in declaring the Bolsheviki responsi
man armv and the tide of American Mle for the murders, crimes and ex-
.1 1 1 AU l,t
cesses wmcu uave suucneu iue wunu,
outlaws and public enemies.
Whatever action may be decided up
on by the nations, separately, or in
concert, it is made clear will be quite
fighting men toward France is continu
ing at an even pace. The situation on
the various battle fronts was tersely
summarized by General March today
as follows: ' ,
-News during the past week has' aPrt trom ,ne prosecution of the war
been from all fronts continually and: "S"1"" urinu.
continuously good. On the western
front our new line in Lorraine was
quickly established. The enemy has
been hurridly strengthening his line ot
defense, the so-called Kriemhild lino
which lies only a mile or two in front
of our new line on a front of about
twenty miles fronl near Maizeray to
the Moselle river at Vandires. We are
now te nmiles away from Conflans
and twelve miles away from Metz.
This is the text of the state depart
ment instructions to the American
diplomats:
"This government is In receipt of In
formation from reliable sources re
vealing that peaceable Russian citi
zens of Moscow, Petrograd and other
cities are suffering from an openly
avowed campaign of marked terrorism
and are subject to wholesale execu
tions. Thousands of persons have
been shot without even a form of
renewed their-advance on the Cambral ' trjalj "l-administered prisons are fill-
St. Quentin front towards the old
Hindenburg line. In spite of the con
centration of the enemy forces de
fending this sector, they have made
steady progress, and the enemy Is re
ported to have lost very heavily. It
is now officially confirmed that 10,000
prisoners have been captured.
"On the plateau northeast of Soia-
sons the French have continued to
force back the enemy's best troops
until they are now within half a mile
from the junction of the Mauberge
road and the Chemin Des Dames, and
within ten miles of Laon, which is be
lng shelled.
"The reports in the press about the
successful operations of the Serbian
army on the Balkan front are correct.
. . , ... r. i iUl tiatS til lilt? UlUlDt
The Serbian army attacked he Bui- Ruaglan cltlzen
gariuns on a ironr, oi nines auu
drove them back about 20 miles. Ac
cordingHo official reports British have
reopened activities In Palestine."
The western battle wall has been
rebuilt by the allied and American
forces, according to observers hen.
When the first American army swift
ly trampled out the St. Mihiel salient,
the last possibility of a German stra
tegic, stroke passed. The enemy faces
now a straight line from the North Sea
to the Series border. There are no
salients to give opportunity for flank
operations.
Even If the power for a counter of
fensive should be found and military
authorities see no chance of that fie
ed beyond capacity and every night
scores ot Russian citizens are reck
lessly put to death; and irresponsible
bands are venting their brutal pas
sions in the daily massacres of untold
innocents.
"In view of the earnest desire of
the people of the United States to be
friend the Russian people and lend all
I possible assistance in their struggle
to reconstruct their nation upon prin
ciples of democracy and self-government
and acting, therefore, solely in
the interest of the Russian people
themselves, this government feels that
it cannot be silent or refrain from ex
pressing Its horror, at this state of
terrorism. Furthermore it believes
that in order to check the further in
crease of the indiscriminate slaughter
all civilized na
tions should register their abhorrence
of such barbarism.
"You will inquire, therefore wheth
er the government to which you are
accredited will be disposed to take
some immediate action which is en
tirely devoid from the atmosphere of
belligerency and the conduct of the
war, to impress upon the perpetrators
of these crimes the aversion with
which civilization regards their wan
ton slaughter."
The reported action of the Bolshe
viki in effecting an alliance with Ger
many for offense and defense is an
added cause for the step.
Official reports from Russia, many
coming through neutral countries,
"CURFEW"
J 1
;
CAMPAIGN IS
NOW
PLANNED OUT
J. N. GAINES PREPARES TO HAVE
..WOMEN IN WAR WORK AND DIS
COVERY DAYS OBSERVED WITH
SPECIAL CEREMONIES IN LIB
ERTY BOND DRIVE
BRJTiSH AND
FRENCH f
i GOOD GAINS
MEETING ON TUESDAY
SISSON REPORT i
UNDER CHARGE
BIG FORGED
Head of Finnish Bureau of In
formation Makes Charge;!
Sisson Laughs at Charge
and Denies It
GERMAN SOLDI ER MEETS
SEVkRE PUNISHMENT FOR
READING FRENCH CIRCULAR
WITH THE AMERICAN' ARMV
OX THE LORRAINE FRONT.
ept. 21. (By The AssociatM
Press.) The severity of the action
of the Germans against those of
their men who are cauaht reading
allied propaganda and the way
they are dealt with is indicated by
the story of a prisoner taken near
Haumont. This pilsoner said liil
hnnds had been tied behind his
back for fit dnys because he
was caught reading a French
pamphlet dropped by an airplane,
and then handing it on to his com
rnd?s to peruse.
RT H
ARMY
ii
GAINS
GROUND
(Hy Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORKi Sept. 21.-V.The authe
licity of the documents brought back
from Russia by Edar Sisson, special
representative of the committee on
pubHc infcrniatiop i-nd iriven out by
the committee as proof of Bolshevvikl
Intrigue with Germany, was challeng
ed here today by S. Nurteva, head of
tl.t Finnisli bureau of information. He
declared the' documents are "brazen
forgeries and were usued by "cer
tain counter revolutionists" wno were !
interested In discrediting the Trot- j m i t rri
sky-Lenin resime. The documents, he : Progress Made in Spite or Bad
said, were jiecnrtd by air. sisson ironi
lUvini'iu! It'iLms of the Auerican Red i
MRS. SAM H. KYLE AND MISS
BIRDSALL WILL BE ON HAND
TO LINE UP WOMEN OF DIS
TRICT FOR THEIR SPECIAL
PART IN SELLING BONDS
Recognition in the Warren district
of "women in war work" day. a spe
cial day of the Fourth Liberty loan
compaign, is now being planned by J.
N". Gaines, county rhairman and his
workers. On this day. Thursday. Oc
tober 5, women workers of the district
will be especially honored. In addi
tion, hundreds of women workers will
i be sent out into every part of the
' district with pledjes, and the suprem,.
effort of the women's teams to sur
pass the subscripticn totals of the
men's teams will be made. Similar
plans for the women's day are being
prepared for every district in the coun
ty.
.Mrs. Sam H. Kyle, county chairman
of the women's committees, will have
charge of the women on this day. and
will assist in completing the details
for the recognition of the day. She
will - be present at the organization
meeting tc be held Tuesday evening
at the commercial club rooms, as will
also Miss Birdsall. the state chairman,
resident of Phoenix who will address
the v.cnien especially.
Another of the special days which
will be recognized in this district dur
ing the campaign, according to the
announcement cf Air. Caines yester
day, is "discovery day," Saturday, Oc
taber 12, in commemoration of the dis-
I covery of this continent. On this oc
casion a celebration will be held in
J every part of the United States under
proclamation of tile president. This
! district will take its share in the
I rfrlohrarinn oiit tvill avurt a anaitil
effort In behalf of the Liberty bonds
during the day and night. The cele
bration Is for the stimulation of in-
j terest and sales of bouds.
STEADILY ENCROACHING ON EN
EMY P03ITIONS AROUND ST.
QUENTIN WITH BRITISH ON
HINDENBURG LINE AND
FRENCH FURTHER SOUTH
HOLD HIGH POINTS
SOUTH OF METZ GERMANS
START MORE FIRES WHILE
SOLDIERS AND WAGON TRAINS
MOVING NORTH APPARENTLY
INDICATE FURTHER RETREAT
NFLUENZA HAS,
MANY ViCTIHS
ALL OVER NATION
" ' ',! -
Epidemic Has Spread as Far
w . C ..J lXVir' Organization of the Warren dis
West as Colorado yvnere. trict 8 cail)pajgl, committee to con-
or1 r ikL Di.V.J duct the Fourth Drive in the district,
250 Cases Are Keported. begin on Tuegday eveninK next.
Among Student Body
(By Review Leased Wire)
when the old committee and those de
siring to become members of com'
m it tees, will meet in the Commercial
club rooms at the Copper Queen hotel
at 3 o'clock in ft- evening. Mr
1
uerman nign command would lac tneihav- rArited revolting acta that have
costly business of frontal attack. They ! ast0unded and shocked the world. The
have nothing, it is pointed out, not Ireicrn of terror has alreadv ereatly
single strategic position to show for fiindered tne efforts 0f the United j
lueir uii.e. : States to a ev ate an ImDend ne fam-
Cross to whom they had been sent by
the counter revolutionists and who
had established that they were for
geries. Mr. Nurteva said that at that time
Jar.uary, 1918 Mr. Robins, with the I
consent of the American ambassador,
was keeping in touch .with the Rus
sian government. According to Mr.
Nurteva, Mr. Robins, aided by Wil
liam B. Thompson and Mayor T.
Thatcher, also of" the American Red
Cross, conducted an investigation,
which convinced 'them that the docu
ments were forgeries. Then Mr. Nur-
demlc. The forecast of continued fair
and cooler weather for Sunday led
theui to predict that there would be a
marked falling off in the number of
cases reported Sunday and Monday.
Dr.- Woodward said the Increase in
cases today was not alarming.
Figures given out by the board of
health tonight show that since Sep
tember 14 there have been 148 deaths
here from influenza and ninety-five
from pneumonia. There were fifty
seven deaths here today from lnflu
euza and twenty-three from pneu
monia. The death rate for the week
WITH THE BRITISH FORCES IN ! , week , m, Ther. have
FRANCE, Sept. 21 ( By the Associated j been 104 deaths among men of the
BOSTON. Mass.. Sept. 21. Dr. W. i Uaines, wno win conduct tins cam-
C Woodward, of the Boston board of ; I'a'K" "J has conducted the
health and Cpt. John M. Edgar, chief I th.rfe, Pilous drives in the county.
v-i t i. present and will preside. Com-
medical officer of the" first naval dis-; p,ctjJ plang for ,he campiljKn wlll bf
trict. assumed an optimistic attitude , outllnea teams wfl ,,e namc,i. ,erri.
tcnignc regarding me- imiuc,, v.- t , . distributed and other de-
Weather and 400 Prisoners
Taken From Fortified Farms
and Roads
Press) 5 p. m. The I ritish fourth
army succeeded in gaining further
groumk today in the Hindenburg out
post system northwest of St. Quentin
This gain was made 1b the face of
stubborn resistance, the
first naval district since September
14th.
(Continued on Paire Five)
(Continued on Pago Three)
OUTBREAK AT BOULDER
BOULDER. Colo.. Sept. 21. Thirty
Germans; cases of influenza among 250 Montana
I-
(Cor.tlnued on rags Three)
M'ADOO RAISES LIBERTY FLAG
But it is more than a restored of
fensive line that faces them, offici
als say. Along the center of the great
ine in Russia, as it is impossible to ,
furnish much needed supplies to that )
part of the country under Bolsheviki i
steep at the front. 1 ritish and r rencii ; control without actually feeding the
armies are storming ajieaa nigiu ana j German army and the German popu
day, harrying and harassing the bat-.iace. It is conceded that there is
tered German divisions withouut rest ! enough food In southeastern Russia
Pershing's men stand before Metz and and western Siberia to feed all the
Conflans and against that new threat Russian people if a means of distribu
te enemy must gather reserves at tion could be effected to keep the tup
the very time when every available plies from falling into German hands,
reserve division is sorely needed to' The alliance between the Bolsheviki
meet the allied rush to the north. 'and Germany presents a dangerous
Signs of further withdrawals are mant- situation to the allies in that it may
"I
(Continued on Page Three)
(Continued on Page Three)
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21.
While a hundred French veterans
stood at salute, the fourth Liberty
loan honor flag was raised today
to the top of the treasury where
It will fly throughout the loan
campaign which begins next Sat
urday. It was the first public dis
play of the banner, which is simi
lar to the emblem of the third
loan except that it bears four in
stead of three blue stars on the
interior field of white.
Secretary McAdoo from the
south steps of the treasury hoist
ed the banner while a throng of
government employes and repre
sentatives of allied nations cheer
ed for General Pershing. France,
England. Italy and the ether al
lies. The soldiers who took a
prominent part in the ceremony
include members of the Foreign
I eeion. who are to tour the coun
try during the campaign.
Referring to the Fourth Loan,
Secretary McAdoo said:
"We are prepared to make any
expenditure of blood that may be
leuuired to do this great job for
civilization and humanity, and be
cause we are willing t shed cur
blood, we are willing to expend
what is of far less consequence,
every dollar of. American treasure
we have or that we may hope to
have from now until eternity.
"We are resolved to liberate
France, Belgium and the the
othpr oppressed peoples of the
earth. We are resolved that dem
ocracy and freedom and civiliza
tion shall not perish from the
face of the earth, and that no Ger
man kaiser or any other kind of
despot shall ever again be permit
ted to menace the pi-ace of civili
zation "
tails of the preliminary work will be
completed. The work will follow the
outlines of the three previous drives
and will be handled as nearly as pos
sible by the same committees as con
ducted the other campaigns, augment
ed with new and fresh workers.
Mr. Gaines is now organizing com
mittees throughout the county for the
drive. He spent a part of yesterday
morning in the Warren district where
he completed details preparatory to
his Tuesdav night meeting here. He
then left for Douglas where similar de
tails were completed yesterday after
noon. He will probably return to this
city today to remain until Monday,
when he will return to Douglas for
the first meeting In that city. He has
already completed work in the north
ern part of the county where all de
tails and plans for the conduct of the
drive have been worked out.
Women of the district will play a
big part In the conduct of this cam
paign, and for this reason Mr. Gaines
has issued a special invitation to the
women to attend the meeting Tues
day night. As in the r U campaigns,
the women will be given a heavy bur
den to accomplish in the drive. A
large part of the territory will be
turned over to them, and upon this oc
casion a greater responsibility ill
be placed on them, owing to the de
parture from the district of so many
of the men workers.
Announcement of t'v quota of the
district will prnb.ibly be made by Mr.
Gaines at the meeting Tuesday night
Failure of the eight billion dollar ap
propriation bill to pass congress until
yesterday, has delated the. announce
ment of these figures as It hns also
delayed the arrival of the supplies and
(Continued cn Pafe Three)
UN-DATE!) WAR LEAD. (Bv
The Associated Press. i Al iM
t:co;s are progressing satisfactor
ily ia breaking down the tltfeusen
of 3t. Quentm. Ou the north tu
) British are fighting In the Hinden- 1
burs positions and press ;ig to- J
w.:rd tr,e canal bttweeu SI. Qiu'n-
tin ai:dv Cambrai, whi'.e on tV
south the French are moving for-
tfard steadily
rcr & sueicu ui uiurts ixiaii ten iiuic-s
ncrth of St. Quer.tm the L'ritis'.i now
held the dominating nil's aad the
present locsil at:ou in tiie region
we.'-t of Catelet probably is for the
purpose of further improi.ig tht sa
nction In anticipation of a great as
sault against the Hindenburg Hue.
The main enemy defenses in the re
gion between Cambrai and St. Queu
lin, both of which are threatened by
be present British operations, are
based on the canal, highway and ra:l
road running north and south on an
average ( about two miles trom Field
Marshal Halt s front line.
Toward Le Catelet the British are
pressing eastward on a rront of three
miles auJ are within four miles of
the town, one of the important Ger
man bases on this front. With the
Australians already in the H'nden
burg positions, other British forces
.-re rapidly overruniiin..; them north of
Hargicourt. West of St. Quenlin th-i
French are within two milt;s of t!ie
outskirts, while on the south tiiey ure
forcing tne Germans to give up im
portant viUagcs and other positions.
St. Quentin as a result of ths
week's operations, is In a more seri
ous position irom the enemy view
point than probably at ai:y lime since
the beginning of the war. A further
push eastward by the British from
their newly won height positions on
the northwest will virtually place the
hilies on three sideg of the town. St.
Queutin w an Important outpost of
Laon, perhaps the most important en-
my base ui northern France. The
French on 'the south are ttn miles
fiom Laon and are hammering it witu
their big suns.
Southwest of Metz. whore the
Kieiith and Amerliaus recently clear
id t!.e St. Mihiel salient, the Germans
have started fitrther tires. Soldier
and v.ason trains have tv'en seea
moving northward and it it believed
the Ger.i.ans are preparing for a pos
sibly aiyed attack or a retirement ou
their own initiative. Elsewhere ou
tht? western front there has been no
change in the situation.
The allied stroke in Central Mace
donia, which opened with the expul
sion of the Bulgarians from the im
por:ant Sokol position, is developing
successfully on a wide front. Fur
there prorss by the Serbs toward
the Vardar river and the Uskub-S.-liki
road, paralleling it. probably will
bring about a readjustment of the
Austro-German and Bulgarian posi
tions throughout this whole theater.
With the Serbs within nine miles of
the rai'road and the river, the only ar
tery of communication for the enemv
troops around Lake Poiran. it seems
within the range of possibility that the
railroad can be cut. From Krnyovo
Dcmirkapu on the railroad, the ter
rain is favorable ami by pressing to
ward the Vardar the Serbs can out
flank Trilep and lake Dolran. South
cist of Pnlep the Serbs are in the
fncthilis of the Irensk. Planina. a
I ri;;ht pisTti.vn irotecting the town
on the south.
Additional Bulgarian prisoners have
teen taken by tne S-rb", who also
have liberated ten more towns. The
British and Greeks continue their
pressure in the Uoiran region, but ev
idently their activity Is mainly for
the purpose of keeping the enemy oc
cupied so that he cannot send aid to
the front further west.
It is reported from Ukrainrsn
sources that the crown prince of Ru
mania has fled from Jassy to Odessa.
The reason for his flitfct Is not dis
closed. Recent German reports have
(Continued cn Page Bix) pit
TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1918.
Your Pledge to
Uncle Sam
Buy your. War Savings
Stamps today, keep your
pledge as sacredly as the
boys in the trenches are
keeping theirs. Stamps on
all floors.
Stive a Soldier's Life by Saving Your Peach Stones
Save all Peach, Plum, Apricot, Cherry, Olive and Prune Stones, also shells from Walnuts, Almonds, Butter Nuts, Pecans & Etc.
Uncle Sam wants these to help protect our boys "over there" from the poisonous gas of the Huns.
Carbon or charcoal made. from the above materials constitute one of the best absorbants of poisonous gasses and is, therefore, a vital
part of the gas masks manufactured for our soldiers in,France: Dry them and leave them at the Fair Store main floor.
.
Flags For Our
Heroes
Everjr home should dis
play a flag. You'll find ev
ery size and kind of flag at
The Fair. We have an un
usually large variety of serv
ice flags and the flags of our
allies.
HERE ARE GLAD TIDINGS OF NEW AND INSPIRED
AUTUMN SUITS, COATS AND DRESSES
Bon Ton and
La Camille Corsets
Women who like to find style, health
and comfort in one corset chose the Bon
Ton or La Camille. The proper corset will
eliminate all corset trouble and our cor
setieres are competent and willing to assist
you in selecting the right model. The new
models are marvels of design and work
manship, cleverly cut and gored to reduce
and control all superfluous flesh, subdue
prominent curves and mould the form al
most sylph like. They come in flesh and
white or plain cotile and fancy figured
broche, in both front and back lace.
The Grace of Furs
A softening grace one that enriches
the plainest features, flattering, too, to the
complexion. The Fair is showing a splen
did line of dependable furs, in new styles
in neckpieces, muffs and sets.
The Fair's
Foot
wear for Fall
Conforms strictly with the economy
plan of the government, yet meets every
-eed of the fashionable demand.
Indeed we have great difficulty in keep
ing up with the demand for our shoes
autumn styles in all completeness have
come, taking possession of the particular
section of the shoe department set apart
for the new styles. We are showing 'many
styles and as a hint of what you may ex
of the new fall fashions are, field mouse,
tcbasco, dark browns, in different shades,
and greys, in kid and Russian calf.
1 1 WK fri I, 11
I Mirr fill YYi. i V
f ' I 1 if
i
T21ritrsir in Autumn's
DLOUbUb New Shades
We believe it will be difficult to find
prettier, more modish blouses than these,
which are of georgette, crepe de chine and
wash silks. There are blouses of color
combinations that will be in harmony with
almost any modish fall suit. They seem
almost intangible till one examines closely,
and then one sees how wholly exclusive
they are, in their many fascinating indi
vidualities. Some are made minutely by
hand, others hand finished, with all ma
chine stitching skillfully camouflaged.
Then there are those that look like a
spider's web, woven from the rainbow
they're beaded and embroidered in con
trasting colors and there are others and
Etill others all standing out prominently
'with the pride of distincture in their
heart3, colors, white, flesh, pink, sunnset,
navy, flame, green, taupe, plum and etc.,
all sizes, 34 to 46. priced from. $3.95 to
$37.5C.
Autumn Suits at: $29.50 and $39.50
.. -GIVING DISTINCTION TO THE PRICE
Away with the thought that moderate priced suits are not to be had this season. This surprising presentation of
new and remarkable suits for autumn is a direct denial of the thought for certainly they are moderately priced and
yet they are not one whit less attractive because moderately priced--the most surprising newj about these suits is the
excellence of the materials woolens, in the newest weaves. Trimmed with braid and buttons, giving them the mili
tary effect, others trimmed in beautiful fur. There is a splendid choice for small, medium or large figures. This
certainly is one of autumns opportunities, calling to those who have garments to purchase.
SERGE DRESSES FOR FALL
Serge is such a susceptible fabric. It can be made to do so many things. Every influence of fashion finds serge
responding. Now it is war economy; now warmth for winter; now a stylish street dress, and serge stepj forth serene
ly. Thus, today we print praises of serge serge frocks for fall bits of braid trimming on navy blue here and there
some embroidery in henna fringe, perhaps.
But it is not in the trimming alone that their charm is to be found. The secret is mostly in the designing, but partly
the tailoring, the perfection of small things, the fine fitting qualities and the workmanship of every small detail.
There are all sizes.
AUTUMN AND WINTER COATS wo5t?'A"f'f',c
A customer who has had difficulty being fitted elsewhere slips into these as if they were "made to order."
Of novelty fabrics, velours and tweeds, in tan, burgandy, blue, dark mixtures and browns, fur and self collars, nov
elty belts and buckles. The waist line, normal or raised.
Millinery this Season
is Plain but Elegant
We have not been asked to save on vel
vet or feathers, but millinery has set its
pace with other commodities. Hats this
season have excellent lines, but they are
not elaborate. Perhaps the most-in-de-mand
hats are the large or the medium
size sailor the mushroom shape, the side
roll the semidraped crown hats these,
among which are the shapes suitable for
and becoming to women of all facial types.
Arc Priced at $p
to
$20.00 jS
-J
New Outing
Gowns
for Women & Children
7omens Gowns $1.65 to $2.50
Childrens Gowns $1 to $1.50
Customers who put off buying
their fall needs now, will probably
be disappointed later or as the sup
ply is limited and merchandise is
not going to be cheaper very soon,
but will be higher. How soon, or
how much higher, no one knows.
Our stock of outing gown3 is com
plete at present. some have doabb
jokes, front 2nd back, long. sleeves,
tkirts cut full and large. We also
r.ve J he ;lip on styies ar.d pa
jair.a suits and the one piece sleep
ing garments, with feet, for the lit
tle tots, in plain and fancy stripes,
of a good grade of outing.
Fashion Decrees a Season of Velvets and Silks
By a queer paradox, economy now points to the superfine textiles, to the lustrous weaves, to the shimmering warp and woof
that perfect the silkworm's mysterious gift. Chiffon, velvet, selected with care it is 36 inches wide the width that admits of the
artist-de-signu's workmanship, the finished charm. Its lustre has depth and richness which will mean a gown of distinction, a
suit that will impress the beholder, colors, black, French grey, pi um, taupe, navy and brown. Repriced in a way to mean a sav
ing at $4.50 yd. For lighter requirements a fancy satin is set forth a really "delectable" weave which drapes with rare charm.
It comes in various lovely and quite new shades that are joyous ly guarded by the producers, therefore these are impossible for
the copyist. Priced $2.50, $2.75 and $3.00 yd.
Interesting
New Fashions in
Wool Sweaters
Fall novelties, original
and unique color combina
tions for all types of wo
men. Sammy brown, French
grey, liberty blue, the strik
ing "triomphe" and jade,
casaque, violin, girolle, Bag
dad and mordore a delight
ful aggregation fresh from
the easl.
A SEASONABLE HEADLINER
50 Bolts Plain White n OCn 1trl
OUTING FLANNEL "1 OL yU.
Certainly, this news would not be possible had wc not with
foresight purchased this outing months age.
Today this item comes high a heaclliner in every sense of the
word. Fifty bolts and a limit of 20 yds. to a purchaser, 25c yd.
Sale of 36 inch FIG n f OE- 1tA
CURTAIN MADRAS Opt yU.
Two hundred yards of regular 75c figured curtain madras, in
beautiful designs of pink, apple, green and imizc or white ;heav
ily embroidered, but in short lengths, frcm 1 yd. to 10-yd. pieces.
Your accpt.Tr.cc of our invitation to look at these madrases will
bo your menus of deciding.
Bedding for
Cooler Nights
September is the logical
time to purchase your bed
ding needs cooler., night
have already hinted of cool
er nights to come, here are
some bedding hints to in
terest you now.
Comforts of satin, silko
lene, satin and silks, with
fillers of cotton, wool and
dewn. Blankets of cotton,
wool knap and all wool, in
all sizes and prices.
Fashion's Neckwear
Shows a Vv'iVe Variety
Wondrous rtyirj hve been re
ceived the very 'at word in fash
ionable neckvea: - every piece a
chosen favr.rii : ol the style makers.
You'll be Jclig! :r -with this var
ied assortner.. at 1 he Fair.
Circle Co "ti; $125
The very :.ew;s? in neckwear,
styles of ruffled r.ct and silk.
Sailor ar.d Shawl Collars
65c to $3.00
Of gcor' tte cr; pe, crepe de
chine, wash rati:, end organdies,
some plain, j!h.TX3 tiimmed with
lace and ru'fi.-, others hand em
broidered. Paul Jones 7 ie $1.25
The popular lie for the school
miss, in all shades.
Windsors 35c to 75c.
in satin and crepe de chine, in all
the shades of the rainbow, as well
as vivid plaids. ,
New Roll Collars 65c to $30 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 191S.
THREE
MARINE RECRUITING
TO BE REOPENED ON
FIRST OF OCTOBER
MEN MAY APPLY, BE EXAMINED
AND LATER INDUCTED INTO
CORPS ON ORDER DIRECT FROM
PROVOST MARSHAL GENERAL
CROWDER
The following information has been
received by the local recruiting office
for the marines:
"On October 1, the marine corps re
cruiting will be resumed as follows:
Recruiting stations will continue to
examine and select applicants as here
tofore. All names of the accepted ap
plicants will be reported direct by of
ficer In charge marine corps recruit
ing districts to provost marshal gen
eral at Washington by mail on pre
scribed forms that will be furnished
to recruiting service. Provost marshal
general will direct the local board
concerned to Induct the individual ap
plicant into the marine corps and di
rect him to report to the district head
quarters from which the request was
received. District headquarters will
then enlist the applicant for general
service or in special cases enroll him
into the marine corps reserve for lim
ited service and forward him as here
tofore to recruit depot or in special
cases to designated barracks. No di
vision must exceed quota that will be
assigned. Maintain present standard.
Service records books will be made
out at district headquarters and men
subsequently rejected at recruit de
pots must be regularly discharged by
medical survey or as otherwise directed."
CAMPAIGN IS NOW
BEING PLANNED OUT
(Continued from Page One)
materials necessary for the drive. It
Is anticipated however, by Mr. Gaines,
that the supplies will be on hand by
the day of the opening of the drive,
Saturday, September 28, and that
committees may start work then fully
outfitted. If the supplies are not here
Mr. Gaines will work out some plan
whereby the work may proceed with
out them, pending their arrival, in or
der that no delay may be encountered
which might make the concluding
days of the drive too strenuous. It Is
understood that the district's quota
wiil be somewhere in the neighbor
hood of $800,000 and it 13 not probable
that Uie minimum mark set by the
committees for the district will be be
low $1,200,000.
All members of the teams and com
mittees who worked in the former
drive are urged by Mr. Gaines to be
on hand at the meeting on Tuesday
night. In addition, all residents of the
district who are desiroifs of lending
assistance in putting the district "over
the top" are urged to attend the meet
ing. Mr. Gaines especially emphasizes
the statement that the Warren district
will do its utmost to assist Arizona in
maintaining its position as third in
the union in per capita subscriptions,
and if possible to put 4he state In the
lead in this rank. None of the pres
tige of the state which has so zeal
ously been earned in the past in wat
work will be sacrificed upon this cam
paign declares Mr. Gaines who is opti
mitin in his predictions that the War
ren district in particular and the state
in general will live up to traditions
and will go far beyond the minimum
allotment and perhaps exceed its mag
nificent records of former drives for
the Liberty loan.
MRS. M'CAM LEY LOCATED
BY SMALL NOTICE IN
BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
BRITISH ARMY GAINS
GROUND IN HUN LINE
(Continued from Page On.)
fighting hard at every point through
out the day.
Progress has been made In spite
of the bad weather and some 400
prisoners have been taken from the
fortified farms and sunken roads be
tween the new British battle front
and the . Siegfried trenches.
It rained heavily during the night
and at the time of the assembling
of the assaulting troops, but the con
centration was carried out without de
lay under a heavy bombardment. The
enemy was plainly apprehensive of
a further defeat, and his divisions
were waiting for the British advance.
The ground over which the battle
was fought was broken and very dif
ficult to clear. The gullies were full
of machine guns and a slight ridge
which stood between the advancing
British and the Hindenburg defenses
gave the enemy a considerable ad
vantage. During the night a local attack on
the front of La Bassee yielded the
chateau and ruins of the church of
the village of Violaines which is less
than a mile northwest of La Bassee,
together with 130 prisoners.
Eetween I-a Bassee and Lens the
enemy shows great nervousness. A
hostile attack delivered yesterday
around Hulluch was intended to test
the British strength.
The thorough clearance of the ruins
of Moeuvres, on the Canal Du Nord
has released a party -of Scottish ma
chine gunners, who had been cut off
since the German counter attack into
the village Wednesday night. A cor
poral and six men of the Highland
light infantry, although wholly sur
rounded by Germans, held out, fight
ing continuously for forty-eight hours
and inflicting severe casualties on the
enemy who was unable to dislodge
them.
The Scots were nearly exhausted for
lack of food and water when their
British comrades drove back into the
As the result of a small local
mention In yesterday's Review, In
quiring as to the whereabouts of
Mrs. A. R. McCamley, the lady is
now on the way to the bedside of
her mother in Kirkwood. Mo., who
is very ill. Thursday The Review
received a night letter from Ben.
House, Mrs. McCamley's brother.
In Kirkwood. Mo., asking us to lo
cate Mrs. McCamloy. tAs therli
was no other way of doing this, a
small local mention was made in
The Review. Saturday Mrs. Mc
Camley called at The Review of
fice, saw the telegram and thank
ed The Review force very much
for their thoughtfulness. Mr.
House asked The Review to lo
cate Mrs. McCamley because they
are subscribers to the paper in
Kirkwood. The Review covers all
parts of the United Stages, and It
was a happy incident that it could
be of service in locating this per
son over a thousand miles from
the place of her birth.
that the efforts of American troops j
at Vladivostok and Archangel were j
solely to aid the Czecho-Slovaks to :
save Russia for the western front and j
not to establish an eastern battle front i
or in any way to Interfere with the
internal, affairs in Russia.
against the camp and ordered that it I
, .. i i v .... ... r . .. !
UK uut-j"-u. iLf prt.irtr-n iui iiit-n lit
home over Sunday were issued today.
INFLUENZA HAS
MANY VICTIMS
ALL OVER NATION
MARCH MAKES
ANNOUNCEMENT j
ON SATURDAY!
What You Should Pay
In Local Market for Food
Ry Review Leased Wlrf )
i Administrator's Weekly Riport on Fair Prices in Bisbee, Lowell, Warren and
Naco, for Week Ending September 28, 1918
(Continued from Page On.)
ruins nd found them still crouched
around their machine guns.
On the remainder of the British
front quiet prevailed today.
HUNS PILLAGE CAMBRAI
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IN
FRANCE, Sept. 21 (By the Associated
Press) 8 p. m. The pillaging of Cam
bral after its recent evacuation by
civilians is thus described in a letter
written by a soldier September 10:
"In Cambrai we lived like fighting
cocks. All the civilians had to go out
of the town, leaving behind many
valuable articles, with which we Ger
mans greatly amused ourselves. The
food office was regularly sjtormed.
Here one officer and fifteen of the
guard fell a sorrowful but true state
of affairs. Our section, of course,
took an active part. We bought a
heap of things for virtually no money.
Had the good luck to obtain access to
the wine cellar which was flooded
with wine. We also took a stock of
bottles of brandy and all this in the
fourth year of the war."
Another soldier mentioned the food
shortage, and added:
"We have just put a juicy roast of
horse flesh over the fire. We got it
yesterday from a horse which had been
killed. The beast had hardly fallen
when men came running from all
sides with hatchets and knives. We
managed to get a fine cut from . the
let-
students at the army technical school
at the University of Colorado here, 1
were reported today, and a-fraternity I
house was taken over for use as a i
temporary hospttal. AM of the cases j
developed within the last forty-eight j
hours. These are the first cases of j
the epidemic reported in Colorado. ,
None of the cases, it was said. Is serl-1
ous. j
FOURTEEN DEATHS REPORTED
CAMP DIX, X. Y.. Sept. 2L Four
teen deaths from Spanish influenza oc
curred here today. One victim was
Miss Ella Augusta Stowe, of Bridge
port, Conn., an army nurse.
Although 179 new cases of influenza
and fifteen cases of pneumonia follow,
ing influenza were reported within
the last twenty-four hours the camp
medical authorities asserted that they
have the epidemic under control.
BOSTON POSTMASTER DIES
BOSTON, Mass., Sept. 21. William
P. Murray, postmaster of Boston, died
tonight of influenza after a day's ill
ness. After serving as a member of
the Massachusetts house of represen
tatives and of the governor's council,
he was elected to the 62d and 6:id
Congresses. He resigned his seat in
September, 1914, to become postmas
ter of Boston.
SIXTEEN PASS AWAY
PHILADELPHIA, Sept, 21 Sixteen
deaths from Spanish influenza were
reported in Philadelphia and vicinity
today, eight among the civil popula
tion and the same number in the
fourth naval district.
CASES SHOW DECREASE
NEW YORK, Sept. 21. The number
of Spanish influenza cases reported
to the health department in this city
today showed a decrease compared
with the previous two days, there
being twenty new victims as com
pared with thirty-one yesterday and
thirty eight day before. Only one
death hag resulted thus far. These
figures do not include cases at the
marine or army hospitals. .
AMERICA AT LAST M
ORDERS RUSS TO HALT
(Continued from Pace Ona)
afford Germany an opportunity great
ly to increase her waning man power.
Secretary Lansing today reiterated
EIGHTEEN ARE DEAD
AYER. Mass., Sopt. li. Two offi
cers and sixteen privates died at
Camp Devens today as a result of in
fluenza and pneumonia. The officers
were Lt. Wm. D. Cornish, of Windsor,
Vermont, a chaplain, and Lt. Jacob
Rosenberg, of Fall River.
Military authorities called attention
today to the quarantine issued by the
board of health of the town ot Ayer
fest along wide sectors o fthe German
front.
In payment for their lavish expen
diture of lives in tiie abortive offens-i
ive, the German leaders have been
compelled hy formal decree to reduce!
the fighting strength of every infantry
unit. Instead of !su men in each bat
talion, there are now only S30 under'
the revised organization. In no otherj
way could the drain be met. To mill-
tary observers, this means that every:
German battalion or company must i
face an allied or American unit of;
the same type that is at least 13 perl
cent stronger in fighting men. j
There appears good reason to be-'
lieve that the German losses in pris-j
onets alone since the tide turned
against them in July would well reach j
up toward 200,000. The losses in gcins;
and other materials have not been 1
computed. j
With tliis steadily increasing sup'T-;
icrity in both man power and war ma-1
terial at his command military au-i
thorities here feel that perhaps the
mast striking asset Marsha! Foch has,
acquired in his two months of swift
and victoirous counter blows is the
power to take the enemy by surprise;
at will. Xo longer need he wait for
months or even weeks to organize aiii
attack of more than local value. It'
now is possible, almost overnight, to!
bring up the men and the mobile ar
tillery for a thrust at any sector. Un-!
der the direction of the great French
leader, the whole front, virtually, isj
kept In a constant state of prepara-!
tlon for attack.
The Bulgarian army in Macedonia
has been broken and disaster of an
irretrievable nature may come to the'
enemy there. In Palestine the Turk- i
ish forces have been routed by the
British. In Siberia events are swift
ly shaping for the restoration of an :
eastern front which will in its tun
be a front of allied attack. In Italy,
there is a flicker of activity that may,
mark an Italian drive against a foe,
discouraged and still exhausted from'
the Austrian failure along the Piave'
this summer. 1
Military officials, both allied and
American are cautious in predictions i
They Have been unable to conceal;
completely, however, t'-eir growing
elation and there is no doubt that,
many of them here are looking for
ward to new and greater successes be-j
fore winter plows down the fig"ht-:
ing. ;
Answering questions regarding spe-1
rifle American units. General March
said, the 9ith division (Texas, Ok
lahoma national army troops) is in the
vosges. while the 36th (Texas and
Oklahoma national guard troops) is in,
a training sector with the French.
Commodity:
Wheat flour, per 110 bbl. bag
(12 lbs.)
Barley flcur. per 1-16 bbl. bag
(12H lbs.)
Rye flour, per 1-S bbl. bag (24 lbs.)
Rye flour, (bulk) per lb
Rice flour, (bulk) per lb
Victory bread. 16 oz
Oatmeal or Relied Oats, (package)
Rice, unbroken, standard quality.
Sugar, Granulated, (bulk) per lb.
Beans, (pink) per lb
Beans, (navy) per lb
Pctatoes (white or Irish) per lb
Onions, per lb
Canned Tomatoes, (standard grade)
per 20 oz. (No. 2) can
Canned Tomatoes, (standard grade)
Canned Corn (standard grade) per
20 oz. (No. 2) can
Canned Peas (standard grade) per
Canned Salmon (tall pink Alaska)
per 16 oz. (No. 1) can
Canned Salmon, (tall red Alaska)
per 16 oz. (No. 1) can
Evaporated Milk (unsweetened)
Cheese, (New York or local) per lb,.
Lard, (pure Leaf) bulk, per lb.
Ham, (smoked, sliced) fancy grade
Retailer Pays Consumer Should Pay
Low High Low High
Price Price Price Price
..$ .76 $ .79 $ .S3 ? .So
.. .00 .0614 .07 'i .07' i
.. .90 .93 l.f.O 1 10
.. .07 .07-i .09 .09
. 1.60 1.62 1.70 1 U
.. .06 .06 .07 .07
.. .10 U .10 .lli .12'i
.. .06U .06' .07Vi -OS
. .J7 .07 .03 .03
:. .10 .10 .mi .12i
.. .10 .10 .13 IZ
.. .09 V .09"i .12 .12'i
.. .12U .12 .13 .17
.. .12 .12 .14 .16
.. .084 .t-Svi .09'i .09hs
.. ..10 .lOi .12V4 .12's
.. .13 'i' .154 .20 .20
.. .16 .16 .20 .20
,. .03 1 i -03 .04 .!"
.. .03-4 .03i 03 .O-i'4
.. .10 .1P,4 .15 .16
.. .10 .10 .14 .15
.. .08 .09 .12 .12!i
.. .11 .13 .14 .17i
.. .12 .15 .15 .17Hs
.. .12A .13 .13 .17Vj
.. .14 .U .17 .20
- .23 .27 .20 .25
... .05 .06 .06 14 .07 Vi
... .134 .14 .15 AiC
.11 .12 .14 .15
... .59 .60i .64 .67
... .65 .73 .70 .SO
... .33 .34 .40 .40
.. .30 .31 .32 .34
il .SO .85 .95 .95
il 1.34 1.49 1.55 1.65
... .26 .27 .29 .30
... .50 .51 .70 .70
... .34 .35 .50 .50
... .274 . .28 .30 .35
... .33 .34 .38 .39
... .18 .18 .25 .25
Hens, (dressed, not drawn) per lb..
Fisii, per lb
J P.. ANGIUS. P. M. I. UCK WALTER. E. G. RUFFNER.
SAM YERRAX. R. J. HART, E. C CAMPBELL.
Price Interpreting Board.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber eV Co., Boston, Duluth. Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
(r
As Announced in these columns, we will on Oct. 1, 1918, conduct our business on an Absolutely
Cash Basis. This policy applies to all, whether former customers or not.
Our Reason for Changing' t
Cash Basis
Recommended by Food Administration
This change is recommended by the Food Administration as a means of reducing the
high cost of living. Economy is the problem of today, and it applies to all.
DRAFT
The war has depleted our forces to such an extent that it is almost impossible to secure
the necessary help for office and delivery work.
CASH and CARRY
The cash and carry plan is being used with success all over the country and it must be
apparent to all that it will result in a saving to the customer.' Our long experience in' the
grocery business has convinced us that by eliminating waste, cutting accounting costs and
delivery expenses, that we can reduce the cost on practically all our merchandise 1 0 per cent
or better, without in any way reducing the quality of goods.
DELIVERIES
We will discontinue the practice of free delivery. A delivery charge will be made on
all goods that the customer may care to have delivered. A flat charge of ten cents will be
made for each delivery. This charge will be barely enough to cover the actual expense in
curred. THE BEST QUALITY at the LOWEST PRICE
will be Our Policy, and Money Back if for Any
Reason you are Dissatisfied.
Watch for Our
Comparison of Prices!
j.
B
ANGIUS, Pure Food Grocer
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-16109.
J i
FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1918.
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT 'MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY..
CULLEM A. CA1X-
..Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use
tor republication of all news dispatches credited to It or
ot otnervise credited to this paper and also the local
taews. published herein.
will rights of republication of special dispatches herein
re aiso reserved.
Entered a Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879. ,
Per Month ! .75
Three Months 2.26
Six Months 00
Twelve Months 7.50
suvriy (Our Weekly) per year 2.60
"nday (Our Weekly) per auarter .75
No Subscription Taken for Less Than 75 Cent
United War Work
United we stand never mind the rest
of the old saying made new to fit this
great occasion, for there is to be no division
and no fall. And what more fitting in
troduction could be found for the United
War Fund campaign soon to begin under
a new name for a new purpose. The great
war has not only knitted the great chris
tian nations closer together than ever they
have been before, but it has also woven
the warp of their creeds and colors and
classes into the woof of a perfect whole.
It has blotted out feuds and buried scowling
enmities and petty differences so deeply
that they will never rise again as strong as
they were before. And not the least of
these is this most beneficent project of the
United War Fund. The great benevolent,
social and religious organizations of the
world some of them with ideas and creeds
and systems and catechisms as far apart as
the poles, have come right up close to
gether and joined hands and hearts and
souls and purses for the great cause. Think
of it! the Y. M. and the Y. W. C. A., the
Knights of Columbus, American Library
association, the Jewish Welfare board,
the Salvation Army, and the War Camp
Community Service have formed the closest
and most marvelous union of far flung so
cieties the world has ever known. Jew and
Gentile, Catholic and Protestant, the, men
and women of the marble houses and the
tambourine lassie of the streets, all have
struck hands and pooled purses and set their
souls to work together to do the most good
for the greatest cause in the history of man
kind. During the war and for war work there
is to be no more Y. M. C. A., no more
Knights of Columbus, no more Jewish
board; just the United War Fund. Based
upon past needs and past performances the
need of all of them has been set at one
hundred and seventy millions of dollars and
it has been satisfactorily apportioned
among them for each to use for its war work.
Answering the call of President Wilson for
this union, and also answering the still
greater call of their own experience in war
work and their own experience in war work
and their practical good sense and their
patriotism, these organizations readily
agreed to work together for the greatest
good of all. They have buried every indi
vidual difference and idea and pride and
stand forth today consecrated to the single
purpose of devotion to country and desire
to aid her defenders in the field.
Heed ye this call, all ye peoples. The
great seven societies of war work, the magic
seven, the lucky seven, the scriptural seven,
have merged into one. Their call is for
many millions. Their good works ye have
known. And who are to be their heirs
and heiresses of this great fortune? See
their types in the illustrations upon this
page today. The boy in the steel helmet
and the maid in the red and white crown of
glery. These shall inherit the earth.
Cochise county will be called upon in this
United War Fund campaign for about six
ty thousand dollars and those in charge
confidently expect her to go over the top
like the Americans did at St. Mihiel.
In union there is strength. And the chil
dren of seven separate houses are calling
now to all their kin and kind and all their
friends and sympathizers and well wishers
for aid in the mighty work ahead. Yes,
and they are calling to more than these.
They are calling to the nation to help the
nation's own. There is no need to outline
the work of these seven. organizations. It
covers every range of soldier life and sol
dier need and soldier joy and soldier sor
row and soldier death and soldier kindred.
And every phase and particle of it is prac
tical to the core. And it is administered by
practical and devoted men and womrn.
Not a worker nf all these seven societies
and orgiir.iza'ioiis but that makes personal
sacrifice to carry on this work. So this
call is not so much for your aid as it is for
you to do your part in the field of mercy
that lies just behind the field of war.
a
Affairs in the east and far east are be
coming interesting, if not vital. Time was,
two years ago, when this column used to
watch anxiously, eagerly and hopefully for
a blow at German power from the allied
Saloniki line. But with the collapse of Rus
sia and decline of Austria and the mass
ing of men and material upon the western
line, its importance has waned. And yet
the recent news from the Balkans and from
Palestine is of more than passing interest.
At last the Bulgar line that has held so
long in defiance of allied effort has been
broken. These fierce, cruel, treacherous
Prussians of the Balkans are being called to
account to pay for their assassination of
Serbia and their betrayal of Rumania. If
the allies have the men and material at
hand on this front to develop their successes
their efforts may well play an indirect part
upon affairs on the western front. If they
can put Bulgaria out of the war and thus
cut communications between Berlin and
Constantinople the Turk will quit cold.
And then Austria can be assailed from the
rear. An eastern line will have been es
tablished in spite ef the Bolsheviki. These
events would change the complexion of af
fairs in Russia overnight and might well
bring about the sudden fall of the crumb
ling Hapsburg power. But so far there is
nothing to indicate that such fond hopes
will soon come true. In Palestine the Brit
ish have again routed the unspeakable
Turk. But Gen. Allenby is too far from Con
stantinople for his successes to have their
proper effect. But eastern news is the only
news of interest right now. Let us hope
and trust that the lull on the western front
is the calm that preceeds the storm. To
stop now would be to sow without reap
ing the harvest of eight weeks of unbroken
success.
This column was disappointed and
amazed by the editorial stand of the New
York times in favor of considering the Aus
trian peace note. The Times is one of the
great papers of America and its patriot
ism has never been questioned, but in this,
its most easy going and lack lustre view
of the Austrian motives in seeking to hood
wink the allies into letting Germany go to
the council table just as though she had
clean hands and honest purpose, it is most
culpable and sadly lacking as a moulder of
opinion to say the least. With the Brest
Litovsk crime so fresh in the minds of all
thoughtful men it is nothing less than ar
rant cowardice, if not treason, for any pub
lic man, statesman, editor or industrialist,
to advocate the least consideration of any
peace by negotiation. Henceforth this col
umn marks the Times off its list of worth
while publications to study, for information
upon the trend of the war.
Representative Joseph Walsh of Massa
chusetts, in a speech in the national house
the other day, declared that most of the de
partments of the government seemed to
have an "unappeasable appetite for piti
less publicity," and that the proper way to
describe the situation was to paraphrase
a once popular song, "Every Little Bureau
has a Bulletin of Its Own." One of the
chief results of the enormous additional ex
penditure for government publicity, he
said, was to bring into regular use waste
baskets heretofore "permitted to repose undisturbed."
If Austria's peace proposal had been
made May 1 4 of this year, instead of Sep
tember 1 4, it would have sounded more sin
cere. In May Germany was beating the
allies back and disaster threatened them.
And in May both Germany and Austria
were talking world dominion. But now
that the allies are beating Germany back
and disaster threatens the Hun, Germany
eggs Austria on to preach peace, holding
her bloody hands and broken treaties be
hind her back.
Going, going, almost gone all the
ground captured by the Germans in their
offensives of the spring and summer. All
they have left is a few square miles in the
Armentieres sector and a mile or two in the
Marne sector northwest of Rheims. The
Amiens salient has been entirely blotted
out and both the British and French forces
have encroached here in several places on
ground the Germans had held since 1914.
Nashville Southern Lumberman: Revela
tions of profiteering in uniforms sold army
officers suggests the desirability of etib
lishing uniform prices.
THE HEIR OF ALL THE AGES!
Fame, Fortune, Everything That the U. S. A. Can Give, Shall Be His When He
Returns From Over There
! I
'back home, somewhere hi Pennsyl
Tania, a doctor in a hospital, and an
other nephew, a surgeon on a battle
ship of the U. S. navy, and a niece, a
I stenographer, who will deeply and
truly mourn their "Uncle Jerry" who
died alone in the night time in a town
of the far off southwest. How proud
he was of these young folks back
yonder, and how dear to him were
their affectionate letters, this gay.
gladsome old Umer, who did not ap
pear to have a care in the world or
a sorrow beyond the failure to pocket
a ball.
So long, Jerry, old scout, and good
luck to you in the spirit land. You
played a brave, clean, lucky game at
the tables where the light beat down
upon the green cloth; surely you will
play aa well among the shadows
whence you have gone, and where all
ot those who played with you must
some day lay down their cue and their
mirth and their employments and go.
The old timers here will miss you
sore, and so will the traveling men
aud the .ni tiers and mine managers
and business men who used to play
and laugh and argue with you every
day for years. But not one of these
will miss you or mourn you more than
will the newspaper man who had
known you only for a year.
Poet's Corner
THE RED CROSS FLOWER GIRL
4 ByGillenA.CBin--
'JERRY'
The newspaper man went over .to
tho Copper Queen hotel the otiitr day!
and, as has been his custom nearly
every noon hour for seven'l inoni'is
past, entered the billiard room to chal-j
iifTf- J rry CaiioeH, l;ei:r :tj
tho balls and c:ie.i and soft ririn'ts;
there, for a came of po.il. l:ut no,
lights shone 0:1 tho gre-n eivering of
the tables ;md f ie wired ilcors across
the soft drink bar were drawn close-1
ly together an-i lni-ked. The empty;
room looked gloomy and ;fi:p.al I
At about this hour of Uin day Jerry,
oueht to .tiave hail h:s wirr doors pull
ed back and beei puttering around
behind his counter arringin;; the
glasses and tinkering with the cash'
rcKiste' and fu.-n.'i; iie-jnii the hoy
had not come with hi.-, lunch. Ofi
course the newspaper man rad heard
cf Jerry's sudden death, but somehow,
it ufd not seem either pos.-.i!le or ,
real until he stood in tin; Copper
Que; it billiard rj.'.m that dav at noon'
all alone in :!;: hliadowt: ami loked 1
at the wire netting drawn W i it across
the bar and at the deserted tables in
the shadow of n de1 per larktiess thsn
that of merely a riarkene l room Th?
wire netting did sef.n to close the
dcor of a ton:! and the tables might '
have been headstones. The news-j
paper man hurried away. !
They will open that billarti room and j
soft drir:k stand again for service and 1
for play. A new man, and one per-'
fecMy competent will prvside. and hc 1
lights w ill shine brightly there ag.iin
i'nd the balls click and the spoon stir:
the ginger ale on the bar as cf yore!
and the k Hence will t;e broken by the
! laughter mid loud talk of men at the
I tables and in the c.'iairs around the
wall. Mut for this simple and lewly
newspaper man the room will he dark
and empty still. For him no one will
. come to take Jerry's place. Jrry had
; a way with him about cursing or
, pr.iisnij; or impl. ring a ball all his
wn. And .I,rry had a welcome and
a s:uile and a joke and a fine sincer
ity and a gentle courtesy and a little
manner and gesture that had won the
newspaper man's heart, even as it
had won the friendly interest cf all
who came to this room to play for an
hour between intervals of business and
toil. i
As this column had stated once be
fore in a little story. Jerry shot a
dirigible ball on the tables. He
"scratched" mere tails than all of his
patrons put together. But it must be
added that he shot that ball so hard
and with such royal confidence and
flourish and swing that it just had
to drive other balls into the pockets.
And Jerry Jad another side to his
character in addition to that shown
at the tables and In his friendly and
delightful abuse of his guests and
patrons and friends. This side crop
ped out when he had received a lettei
from back home. The game, gay little
tnan was serious enough and soft
spoken and thoughtful when he read
passages from these letters to the
newspaper man. There is a nephew
THE HEIRESS!
i . t!teL . ;iry IV:
mi;ws f- '-:.f
s-
'IiWil
tr-t :v; ,--. ' t J , WWW 1
tn . Mill ! i ml -1 dm , ..t hiiiB
My Flower Girl, My Princess Fair,
My Comfort, My Good Friend.
God grant the day shall never dawn
that sees our friendship end;
l!ut that it stronger grows each day,
until the stars above.
Attest the friendship that we know,
is deeper sown than love.
You come Into my life: you passed the
cot whereon I lay.
And yet! no love-sick sob went out as
you passed on your way;
Ah, no! but oh! my heart cried out;
here, comfort you shall find.
And sweetest consolation for your
weary, troubled mind.
And so we live each day; your voice.
your touch, your you
A heavenly aura spread about, the
world seemed built anew.
And hope, and faith and courage
seemed to come into its own.
And the world seemed all the brighter
from the seed that you had
sown.
You walk the field; the drooping
flower lifts Its drowsy head and
calls:
Come! Take me to some sick and
lonely bed
Where I shall spread sweet fragrance.
arrund about hint who is ill.
And ycu shall be the richer when
this errand you fulfill.
You cool the heated brow, you wet the
fevered lip.
And words of hope and courage give
to thera in death's last grip
Till the battle seems to Tighten, and
they sink to depth beyond.
With a smile upon their faces a sigh
and they are gone.
When day is done and round about
me evening shadows fall.
Your fragrant retrospection seems to
wrap me all in all.
And I mount and mount until I rise
to that ethereal height
Where 1 walk amongst the flowers I
love, and bid each one good
night
At night when on my cot I He, I pray
to Him above
That when you answer the last call.
the friends you dearly love
Shall gather round and help you o'er
the road that has no turn.
And strew your path with flowers
you love and holiest incense
burn.
J. F. C Bisbee.
One who has experienced the com
fort given by the Red Cross "Angela
of Mercy."
THE UNSELFISH MOTHER'S AN
SWER. To "I Didn't Risea My Boy to Be
Soldier."
Christ died for him, and he should be
A man for Christ. He is his own
And God's and man's; not mine alone;
He was not mine "to give." He gave
Himself that he might help to save
All that a Christian might revere.
All that enlightened men hold dear.
"To feed the guns." Oh, torpid soul!
Awake and ee life as a whole;
When freedom, honor, justice, right;
With heart afiame and soul alight.
He bravely went for God to fight.
Against tase savages whose pride
The laws of God and man defied.
W ho slew the mother and her child.
Who maidens pure and sweet defiied.
lie did not go "to feed tlie guns."
He went to save from ruthless Huns
His home and country, and to be
.a guardian ot democracy.
"What if lie does not come?" you say.
All, well; my sky would be more gray.
Ha, through the clouds the sun would
shine.
And vital memories be mine.
God's test of manhood is. 1 know.
Not. "WIF he come?" but, "lid he go!"
My son well knew that he might die,
rd yet he went with purpose high.
To fight for peace and overthrow
The plans of Christ's relentless foe.
He dreaded not the battlefield;
He went to make the vandals yield;
If he romes not again to me,
I shall be sad. hut not that he
Went like a man a hero true
His part unselfishly to do.
My heart will feel exultant pride
That for humanity he died.
STRIKE IS ENDED
r-HlLAPrXriHA. Sept 21 jhe
workmen at Cramps Shipyard who
went on strike yesterday because
baseball players, pugilists and others
alleged to have been inexperienced
i-hip workers were placed over them
as bosss. returned to work today. The
strikers declared they had been prom
ised an Investigation into thefr
charges. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1918.
FIVE
Two Pioneer Residents of
This County Pass Away
During Last Seven Days
The deaths of two pioneer residents
of Arizona and Cochise county within
the last nine days has brought grief
to many of their old time friends in
all parts of the state. The following
sketches of. the lives of Jacob Schmid
of Bisbee and A. U Grow of Tomb
stone appear in "Arizona, the Young
est State," by Captain McCIuuock:
JAKOB SCHMID
Among the many estimable citizens
that Switzerland has furnished Ari-
rona appears the name of janoo
Schmid, whose thrift and industry
have served to rank him among the
highly successful and substantial citi
tens of Bisbee, with the progress and
development of which city he ha8 been
identified since July, 1882. He was
born April 6, 1848, in the Canton of
Zurich and atfer receiving a meager
education was apprenticed to the
blacksmith's trade which he continued
to follow in his native land until he
emigrated to the United States in
1S72. His entire capita! when ho
reached his destination, the city of
Milwaukee, consisted of three dol
lars.
He readily found employment, how
ever, and remained in the isconsin
metropolis until the following spring.
It was his desire to continue his jour
ney westward to California, and with
this purpose in mind, he practiced the
most rigid economy, thus saving $53,
$50 of which he paid for a ticket to
Sacramento. Upon his arrival there
he obtained work in a blacksmith shop
but subsequently entered the employ
cf the railroad company and for two
years was a member of tha construc
tion crew. He next held a position
with the Modock Mining company for
' three years, following which he spent
two years in some of the California
mines. '
Having heard much regarding the
rich veins of ore discovered in some
of the mines of Pima county, Arizona,
he came to Bisbee in 1882. The city
at that time was nothing but a min
ing settlement and gave little promise
of its future development. Availing
himself of his homestead rights. Mr.
Schmid took up some government
land, which now forms the site of the
commercial center of the city. He
readily found work at his trade in
the smelters of the Copped Queen Min
ing company, continuing to be em
ployed In that capacity- for four years.
Uroving not only to be an efficient
and capable blacksmith but also a
skilled mechanic at the expiration of
that time the company placed hiin
in charge of all the- machinery in their
plant.
As the years pased they continued
to promote him until he was made
general superintendent, which, position
he retained for twenty years. At the
end of that period he retired and has
since devoted his entire time and at
tention to the development of his pri
vate interests. In 1901 Mr. Schmid
erected the Smith building, a model
three story structure located in the
very heart of the business district on
Brewery avenue.
In 1904, together with Mr. Shattuck,
he built the Schmid-Shattuck block
which is one of the best business
buildings in the city. Both buildings
were constructed in accordance with
the plans and designs made by Mr.
Schmid, who gave his personal super
vision to their erection, employing his
workmen by the day. He is one of
the substantial pioneers of Bisbee,
where he has other property interests,
including five valuable residences.
He was also interested in various
copper mines in the vicinity and was
a stockholder in the Miners & Mer
chants bank.
In 1881. at Bodie, Mono county, Cali
fornia, Mr. Schmid was married to
Mrs. McGraw, the widow' of ' Lucky'
McGraw, who is the mother of five
children born of her first marriage.
In order of birth they are as follows:
Thomas, a resident of Bisbee; George,
of Lakeside, California; Elsie, the de
ceased wife of George Toles, by whom
she had three children, Elsie and Miri
am, both teachers in Douglas, and
Silas, also of Douglas; Mrs. John A.
Campbell, of Bisbee, and Mrs. Cutter,
of Bisbee.
Mr. and Mrs. Schmid are members
of the Lutheran church. He enjoys
the full rights of citizenship and ex
ercises his political prerogatives in a
support of the men and measures of
the republican party. Although he
had never figured prominently in mu
nicipal affairs he served for a time
on the city council, proving a very
practical and capable member of that
body.
The success which had attended Mr.
Schmid since coming' to America is
but another proof of the fart that
prosperity is the result of of diligence
and persistence intelligently directed
rather than favorable circumstances.
He came to the United States without
capital and possessing but little edu
cation in German, while he was entire
ly ignorant of the language and cus
toms of this country, but he was well
equipped with an inexhaustible supply
of determination and energy, by
means of which he hewed his way to
success.
At the age of G7 years his remark
ably well preserved physical condition
wbb wonderful and he had not seen a
sick day in fifty years. He had always
found pleasure In motoring, having
owned three automobiles.
In the many thousands of miles he
has driven he has always been his
own chauffeur and mechanician. Ho
stands high in the esteem of his fel
low townsmen both as a business man
and a private citizen, as having in
all of his relations manifested those
qualities which showed him to be a
man of good principles and honorable
intentions.
ARTEMAS L. GROW.
Throughout the course of a lone,
honorable and worthy career, forty
lour years of which were spent in
Arizona, Artemas Louden Grow has
steadily adhered to the highest prin
ciples of honoralU manhood, faith
fully fulfilling all the obligations of
life. He was 81 years old at the time
of his death, and an active factor :n
the world's work. Mining interests
in Arizona owe him an important debt
by reason of the work he has accom
plish in reorganizing the mines of
the Tombstone district and putting
them on a solid financial basis, and
the entire state is better and more
prosperous by reason of his many
years of straightforward and progres
sive work.
H3 waj born in Tecumseb, Lenawee
county, Michigan. Feb. 26, 18?7, and
is a son of Ones C. and Elinor .Lou
den. Grew. The paternal branch of
this family comes of old colonial
stock, Mr. Grow'g grandfather, Asa
Grow, having been the -son of John
Grow, who served in the Continental
army during the Revolutionary war.
Arlrnas I. G!'W :s cn of a family
of seven children. Two of his broth
ers were killed in the Civil war, and
he also was a veteran of that conflict,
having served in the United States
navy under McKeen in the Gulf squad
ron, and under Du Pont. Foot an J
Dablgren in the South Atlantic.
After the close of hostilities he
still continued in the service, and was
ordered to the ironclad Monadnock as
one of the engineers. Upon that ves
sel he made the trip from Philadel
phia to San Francisco, traveling from
November, 1S65, to June, 1866. Upon
his arrival at the latter city he was
transferred to the Vanderbilt, and
later to the Saginaw, and remained in
the service until 1S68, when he was
honorably discharged, being mustered
out in Ne wYork on Oct. 31 of that
year.
In 1869 Jffr. Grow returned to Cali
fornia and from there came, in March,
1870, to Arizona, of which state he
has been a continuous resident for 44
years. The last 34 years were spent
in Tombstone, and during that time
he was connected with various mines
and mills in that district as manager
and superintendent. In 1895 and 1896
he attempted the reorganization of
the mines around Tombstone, which
were then in a very precarious finan
cial rendition. As superintendent of
the Tranquillity mine he labored until
he was able to pay off all of the old
debts contracted by the former op
erating company, and afterward reor
ganized the concern under the name
of the Tombstone Mines Consolidated
Company. Limited. In 1900 he had
the work of reconstruction well under
way and transferred all of the bonds
on the different companies and all
claims and rights to E. B. Gage, who
finished the work in 1901. Mr. Grow
was appointed secretary of the ne
concern. On July 18, 1911, the Tomb
stone Mines Consolidated Company,
Limited went into bankruptcy and he
was elected and qualified as trustee
with full charge of all the affairs of
the corporation. He has since ably
carried on the mining operations and
has accomplished such excellent re
sults that the royalties have Been suf
ficient to pay all the taxes and other
obligations and leave a fair fund re
maining in the treasury- Mr. Grow
conducted this work of reconstruction
and organization in a masterly way,
evidencing in everything he did the
splendid executive and administrative
ability, the foresight, shrewdness and
enterprise of an able and judieivis
business man, and the finished work
stands as a gratifying testimonial of
his ability and public spirit.
Since l'J14 Mr. Grow had made his
home in Sawtelle, Cal. In politics he
was until 1S96 an adherent to the re
publican party, but since that date
had voted independently, supporting
men and measures rather than party.
He had always been intelligently in
terested in public affairs, but the only
office he had held was that of super
visor of Yuma county, a position to
which he was elected in 1876. His re
ligion is simple but comprehensive in
its scope, embracing as it aid in the
words of the Golden Rule. Through
out his life ne nad lived up to its
precepts, never seeking his own ad
vancement through the misfortunes of
others.
Fraternally he is connected with tha
lasonic order, holutng membership
in the chapter, commandery and con
sistory, and has kept in touch with
his comrades of 50 years ago through
his connection with the Grand Army
of the Republic. He was a life mem
ber in the latter socieyt. And was the
ber in the latter society and wa3 the
serving as its first commander. His
life has at all times been a commend
able one, and in matters of citizenship
he has ever displayed the same patri
otic spirit which he manifested as a
soldier on southern battle fields.
RESERVE BANK STATEMENT
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Sept. 2P Of the
Jl.fi60.0on.000 discounted bills held by
federal reserve banks at the close of
business last night, $1,146,000,000
were secured by Liberty bonds and
certificates of indebtedness, it was
shown today by the federal reserve
hoard's weekly financial statement
Hereafter this segregation will be a
regular feature of the statement.
WEEKLY FINANCIAL REPORT
(Hv Iteview I.easl WiitO
NEW YORK. Sept. 21 A situation
wholly inverse in character was re
flected by the movement of prices in
the stock market this week as com
pared with the previous week. In
stead of daily liquidation. Impelled
by the wish to respond to government
desires that speculation be reduced to
a minimum, constant buying wag in
evidence. Particularly atter the mid
week the very strictness with which
Wall street abided by the federal
mandates had what was described as
house cleaning effert heavy reduc
tion of speculative accounts, with
lack of inc lination on the part of pro
fessional interests to borrow money
from banks even had this capital been
available. This progress served to in
fuse the more healthful atmosphere
EOJght by the government and to
leave the way clear for all influences
of the customary bullish character to
exert themselves without being op
posed by the artificial restraint of the
previous week.
These favorable influences were di
versified. Trade conditions were im
proved; money supplies were more
abundant; the prospects for the forth
coming Liberty loan were considered
excellent. Moreover, support was
stimulated by the progress of the al
lied armies on both the western and
eastern fronts. These factors attract
ed outside buying.
ANGUIS STORE TO
GO ON BASIS OF
CASH OCTOBER 1
ANNOUNCEMENTS, INCLUDING
PRICE LISTS WHICH ARE MADE
POSSIBLE BY NEW PLAN, WILL
BE PUBLISHED IN REVIEW
FROM TIME TO TIME
One of the first considerable mer
cantile establishments in the district
to adopt the cash plan entirely on Oc
tober 1, is that of the grocery store
of J. B. Anguis. This concern's an
nouncement has appeared for several
days past in The Review and it sets
forth clearly and concisely its reasons
for this important change in Its con
duct of business. The announcement
is of great interest to the people of
the district. In the first place it is the
first institution of the practice here
that has been adopted over the coun
ry as a system almost made impera
tive by the war. It promotes economy
In buying. And it does more than this,
it enables the dealer to sell his goods
at a lower price than he could dis
pose of them on the credit plan and
still maintain his profits.
Mr. Anguis expects to publish price
lists and announce bargain days from
time to time in which standard goods
will be offered at no inconsiderable
reduction in prices. The cost of all
food products has reached a point
where the house holder and the house
wife must watch the pennies. It is
needless to predict, therefore, that the
public will watch the coming Anguis
price lists and bargain day announce
ments with close and abiding interest.
Urgent Request
To Subscribers
To Pay Accounts
This will be the last month that
balances will be carried on The Re
view subscription accounts. We car
ried several accounts of oldtime sub
scribers over from last month, with
the expectation that they would set
tle up this month. Most of them did
and this is a request to the rest to
do the same, so as not to force us to
discontinue their papers. After Octo
ber 1 all subscription accounts not
paid promptly will be discontinued.
This is in line with the government's
order to conserve paper, and they
have instructed us not to extend credit
after the time was up. Please asisst
us in doing our part to live up to this
ruling. Last month we put into effect
the ruling of employing no collectors
and will rely solely on subscribers
paying at the office, with the neces
sity of discontinuing papers not paid
for by the end of the month.
SISSON REPORT
UNDER CHARGE
BEING FORGED
(Continued from Pagn One)
teva declared Mr. Sisson while in Mr.
Robins' office "got hold of the above
forementioned forged documents," and
later cabled them to America. Before
he had cabled them, however, Mr.
Nurteva said Mr. Sisson agreed with
Mr. Robins that they "were quite un
leliable." Further proof that thP documents
were forgeries, Mr. Nurteva declred.
is found in that fact that none of them
was used against Trotsky at his trial
in July and August, 1917, "at the time
hen the Kerensky government wa
vitally interested in convicting Trot
sky and Lenin as German agents."
According to Nurteva, M. Haipern
who conducted the trial of Trotsky,
told Mr. Robins he did not produce
the documents, some of which then
were in Kerensky's hands, because It
had been learned that they were for
geries.
After Mr. Sisson had cabled the
documents to America. Mr. Nurteva
declared, there was a meeting be
tween Sisson, Robins, Thatcher and
Arthur Bullard of the committee on
public Information at which Thatcher
criticised Sisson for Ihe manner in
which he had handled the matter.
When shown Mr. Nurteva's state
ment late tonight, Mr. Sisson said:
"He tells nothing of his own knowl
edge, but speaks as for others. An
statements will be answered, if these
others speak for themselves..
"I can sa at this time, however,
that aside from the appendix docu
ments, no American other than ray
st If ever handled or even saw the
treat mass of material before it came
into my possession."
When the attention of George Creel,
chairman of the committee on public
Information, who delivered an ad
dress here tonight, was called to the
statement by .Mr. Nurteva that the
document had originally been turned
over to Mr. Robins, he said:
"That is a lie.
"The government of the Cnited
States put out these documents and
the authenticity Is barked by the gov
ernment. This is Holshevilti propa
ganda aud when an unsuppored B1
sheviki attacks them It u hardly
worth bothering about."
TANKS AID AMERICANS AND FRENCII
Again are the French tanks
playinjr an important part in the
allies preat advance. In the
smash by the Americans and
FrencL oa the St Michiel salient
WARREN DISTRICT
i iMiMf iid rnri Pit!
amlmid
AGENCIES WHICH WILL SEEK TO
GATHER FUNDS FOR CARRYING
OUT WELFARE WORK FOR SOL
DIERS GET TOGETHER AND
AGREE ON CAMPAIGN DETAILS
Following the convention of the
state of Arizona, at which there was
an attendance of 177 registered dele
gates from the state in the interest ot
the United War Fund campaign, to
be carried on November 11 to 18, rep.
reservations of the National Catholic
War council, Jewish Welfare board,
War Camp Community Service, Y. W.
C. A., Y. M. C. A.. American Library
association and Salvation army met in
the parlors of the Y. W C. A. This
meeting was intensely interesting and
enthusiastic from the very moment of
its opening
The object of the meeting was tbe
expression of unity felt by each organi
zation as they merged into the larger
organization which is now known as
the I'nited War Fund campaign.
Heretofore none of the above named
organizations will be known as such,
losing their identity in the larger or
ganization whose goal and effort is to
raise $170,500,000 to carry on united
work as one great organization for
the welfare of our boys "over there,"
at home, in cantonments, embarcation
campa, concentration camps, recre
ation camps, trenches, aviation cen
ters, naval reserves, signal corps work
and marines, so that the very be3l
possible influences may be set to
work and continue in all phases of
ttiese activities which will intensify
the morale whose efficiency has been
so recently shown.
This meeting marked an epoch in
unity and zeal, as these seven organi
zations laid down their identity tor
the greater intedest at hand. We
trust that every citizen of the Warren
district will now feel that they have
a Joint interest in this greater body
that will have only one objective,
namely, that when this campaign
opens, the response will be unanimous
for going "over the top" in this tre
mendous effort. Every effort put forth
in the future will be characterized
by the utmost harmony in the great
United War i-und campaign.
MINING MEN GO TO
CONFER WITH BOARD
Yesterday morning quite a number
of mining men went on the train to
Tucson for the purpose of learning
from the district draft board just what
will be the status of men employed In
mines and mills of the producing min
ing companies f the state. in the
party leaving Douglas were Harry a.
Clark, of the Calumet & Arizona; J. S.
Williams, of the Montezuma Copper
company, Nacozari. Mexico; L. It.
Uudrow, of the Lucky Tiger-Combination
Gold Mining company. El Tigre,
Mexico, and it was said that a repre
sentative of the Cananea Consolidated
Copper company, at Cananea, would
be in Tucson for the conference. Oth
er Arizona mining men are expected
to be present.
It is understood that most of the
mining companies In Arizona and all
in Mexico where Americans are em
ployed are now short of men and that
if all within the draft age are taken
into tho army there will bo serious re
sults to the copper industry in the
southwest. Mr. Clark said before leav
ing that especially would the mines in
the Warren district be crippled unless
there should be some plan arrived at
by which the miners called in the
draft could be excused.
In the Mexico mining camps, condi
tions are even worse, as it is not so
easy to get competent men to go into
that country lor work in either the
mines or mills.
TEN LOSE LIVES
WASHINGTON. pt. 21 Ten en
listed men of the crew of the coast
guard cutter Seneca lost their lives
tsepiemuer 1 "j wniie anempimg in
heavy sea to sae the British tseamer
Wellington. wlilii had been put hi a
! sinking condition by an enemy tor
I pedo. the navy department, was in
formed tonight by Admiral Sims.
French tanks leaving base for front.
these tanks drove the Huns be
fore them, cut don wire en
tanglements, routed machine pun
nests and aided the infantry in
manv ways. She knife used in
liiCrlrILD GIVEN
FROM THIRTY TO
FIFTV YEARS
Judge McAllister Sentences
Prisoner to Long Term for
Conviction of Crime of Stat
utory Rape
Richard S Highfield, who was
found guilty of statutory rape in tho
superior court at Tombstone on Fri
day, was yesterday sentenced by
Judge McAllster to serve a terra of
not -'ess than thirty nor more than
fiitv years in the state penitentiary
at Florence.
Highfield displayed no emotion
when the sentence of the court was
pronounced upon him and still main
tained that he was innocent. He will
be taken to the penitentiary within
the next few days by representatives
of the sheriff's office.
The crime for which he was com
muted was one of the most heinous
that has been committed In the War
ren district for a number of years,
and had the facts and circumstances
been generally known throughout the
district at the time of his arrest there
is little doubt that there would have
been an attempt made to lynch hint.
The matter was kept as quiet as pos
sible by the authorities and none of
the details of the crime were allowed
to become public. Had a preliminary
examination been held and the story
of the little girl been to'.d here at that
time, it would have been a difficult
matter for the officers to have taken
him out of the rity.
Highfield is well known in the dis
trict and was sent to the penitentiary
from here for cattle stealing. He was
at one time secretary of the Western
Federation of Miners in the district
and was also interested in the I. W.
Wr. strike in this district in June,
1917.
He c'aims to ;e an intimate friend
of Governor Hunt, and it has been the
general talk since his arrest that if
he was convicted that he would be
pardoned by the governor before
had served very much of his term.
.i;vCn OFFICER'S
V.'IFE.IS POPULAR
Madame Dourif.
One of the many attractive French
women who are now in Washington,
wi'h their husbands is Madame
Dourif, wife of Major Henri Dourif
of the French air service. Havinc
e-iri! of the shortage of servants in
WashiMK-ton, Mudanie Dourif was
wi.-.c e-i'oueh to brinit her own serv
a'-.ts v.th her. Major and Madame
I) j i-; 1" have leased a residence in the.
lV.hUnable section of the capital and
expect to remain in Washington Jnr-iu.tejyr.,
. . ' t , . . f'9v
t - ' .. 0 ,--:x . J
. - '
t : -.y- :i
U . -. ;
' '5- t
i r:
f . - l
T J
lv.U ' . i T I
I :
IN NEW DRIVE
cutting through wire entablements
can be seen on the front of the
tank in the foreground. The
tanks are shown leaving their
base to take part in the attack. ,
NEARLY 50,000
NAMES ARE Oli
REGISTER LISTS
PIMA COUNTY VOLUNTEERS
HELP SET PATRIOTIC RECORD
IN EXPEDITING DRAFT WORK
AND MAKING FIRST RETURNS
With complete returns from all ex
cept three counties, the total regis
tration on Sept. 10 of the men in
Arizona between the ages of IS and
45 years inclusive is 49,270, according
io returns received at the office of
Col. Charles W. Harris, adjutant gen
eral. As these returns do not include
Indians and Orientals, it Is confident
ly expected that the mark will reach
a full 50.000 when are are in.
Apaches, Mohave and Pinal coun
ties are the only ones from which
complete returns have not been re
ceived. Figures at the adjutant gen
eral's office up until last ni:ht show
ed a total of 48.5"9 white men and 741
coioied men registered.
Maricopa county leads with 10,243.
with Cochise second and Yavapai
third. Mohave reports the smallest
registration, only 938 white and 1 col
ored. To the local board of Pima county
is awarded the cake, the palm, the
medal, the croix de guerre or what
ever it is that local boards are to be
given for excellence and speed In
making returns of the recent regis
tration, according to Col. Charles V.
Harris, adjutant general.
The county board, it is stated, is
tho first !n the state to make com
plete returns of the registration.
Within twelve hours after receiving
instructions to mail the question
naires, all had been mailed, thit
board likewise being the first to send
in a list of registerers required by
law and to make copies of cards.
In another way, the Pima local
board made a record, because it H
the only board to complete the work
of registration without the cost of a
cent to Uncle Sam except that ex
pendtd for pens and pencils. Some
record, it is declared. More than 700
citizens of Pima county assisted In
the work on registration day. includ
ing hankers, business men and train
ed clerks. Yes, indeed, Tucson has
made herself famous.
The registration returns to date are
as follows:
County White. Colored.
Apache 553 x90
Coconino ,. . . 17:!9 $
Cochise 8.999 107
Graham 9S4 5
Greenlee 3.o:'0 IS
Gil 5.4S4 ss
M:iriropa IO.L'43 15
Mohave ' 9:: xl
Navajo 1.239 21
Pima 4.707 126
Pinal 1.354 x9
Santa Cruz 1.551 9
Yavapai 5.72S 71
Yuma 1.990 42
Total 43.529 741
xlncompleted.
I
E
"I tried several doctors and all kinds
of medicine, and had about given up
all hope of getting better. 1 did not
think it possible that any medicine
could be so wonderful in Its effect
as Mayr's Wonderful Remedy has
proven in my case You sure have ,
won my lasting gratitude. 1 could not '
work at all and had constant pains in
my stomach before taking your medi
cine." It is a simple harmless pre
paration that removes the catarrhal
mucus from the intestinal tract and a 1
lays tho Inflammation which causes
practically all stomach, liver and in
testinal ailments, including appendici
tis. Ont dose will convince or money
refunded.
Sold in Hisliee by Bisbee Drug (inn
pany.lyowell Drug company in Lowell,
and druggists everywhere.
Now is the time for all patriotic
citizhens to come to the aid of their
country and boost the fourth Liberty
loan.
I
CAMPBELL WILL
SPEAK Ifl CITY
MONDAY NIGHT
Republican Candidate for
Governorship Will Address
Local Audience at City Park
Tomorrow Night at 8
Tom Campbell, republican nominee
for governor of Arizona and one of
the best orators In the state, will ad
dress the voters of Bisbee at the City
Park, Monday night at 8 o'clock. Mr.
Campbell's speech will detail his
claims to election and will set forth
his platform in unmistakable terms.
Two years ago Mr. Campbell was
the storm center of the political sea,
being declared elected and holding
tBe office for several months until
tbe verdict of the lower court was
overruled by the supreme court of
the state. To have come so near elec
tion it was necessary for Campbell to
have received a large portion of the
democratic votes of Arizona and not a
few people now are predicting that
history will repeat itself In view of the
radical attitude of Colter, supported
by the Hunt machine.
Mr. Campbell was in this district on
primary election day and met quite a
few of the voters of the city and vicin
ity. How long he will remain during
his present visit has not been an
nounced, but probably it is safe to say
he will be here for a day or two.
BODY FORMER BISBEE
CITIZEN IS FOUND
HANGINGTO TREE
REMAINS OF ALBERT DAHLBERG
WHO HAD BEEN MISSING FOR
NUMBER OF MONTHS FOUND IN
SWISSHELM MOUNTAINS
Albert Dahlberg. who was a resident
of the Warren-district for some time
and who worked in the local mines
here about a year or so ago, was
found yesterday morning. In the
Swisshelms mountain about four miles
from the Jim Hunsaker ranch.
Dahlberg was interested with a man
named Heffern In the Heffern prop
erty in the Swisshelms mountains and
Invested all his money in the enter
prise. He was acting foreman for
Heffern and when the latter died and
the property was taken over by oth
ers on account of debts, etc.. Da hi
berg remained in that section. He
became mcrose. according to friends
here, and it is thought by them that he
had committed suicide, as his body
was found hanging to a tree, with a
rope about his neck.
Officers went out from Douglas yes
terday after 'the report reached them
that the body had been discovered
and from the papers found on the
body It was identified as that of Dahl
berg. The body gave the appear
ance of having been hanging there for
at least six months. Most of the
flesh had been eaten off of the bones
where it was exposed from under the
clothing. The body was brought to
Douglas and is now being held there.
He was a man of fifty years ot age
and was quite well known here. He
is supposed to have some relatives in
the east and an effort is now being
made to locate them. If there is any
one in the district who was acquaint
ed with Dahlberg and knows of the
address of his relatives they are re
quested to communicate the fact to
Deputy Sheriff A. W. Howe.
CHANGE NOT TO BE
SO RADICAL AFTER
ALL IN DISTRICT
ONLY P. D. STORE AND ANGUIS
HAVE ANNOUNCED CHANGE IN
OLD POLICY AND THAT OF P. D.
WILL NOT AFFECT ESTABLISH
ED CREDITS
Many residents of the district seem
to have a mistaken idea of the present
c.i.Mi and carry plans of the busine5S
houses of the community. So far only
tc? Phelps Dodge stores and the An?
i:is gr. eery have .announced any
h inge in policy of credits. And the
Phelps Dodge stores plan only a
change to affect employes. Old es
tahlished credit accounts at the P. D.
s;ores are not affected at all. The
Fair, one of the large mercantile es
tablishments of the district, has so
fur announced no change of plan at
all. So many people ary calling at
the stores generally under the mis
apprehension that the cash plan will
be general ocer the district after Oc
tober 1 that tli is statement is made.
IRELAND THOUGHT DYING
ST. PAUL. Minn.. Sept. 21. Arch-bi.-Jiop
John Ireland continued to grow
weaker tonight. This afternoon ha
sull'ered another sinking spell and al
though hp rallied, death is expected
at any time.
Throughout his illness the arrh
hishop has been conscious and today
a number of prominent churchmen
called at his home and talked w.th.
him for a short time. SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1918.
Bisbee Boys
WILL
WHO ALLOW
REPEAT
EVERY MAN WHO KNOCKS
SEEK
FOR
THOSE WHO LISTEN TO THEIR COUNTRY BEING MALIGNED I
WITHOUT PROTEST WILL BE CLASSED EQUALLY AS BELONGING
TO BREED OF SAFFRON COLORED PUPS MOVEMENT WIDELY
READ STORY BY HENRY IRVING DODGE IN RECENT ISSUE OF
SATURDAY EVENING POST
The anti-Yellow Dog club, inspired by the story of Henry Irving Dodge
in the Saturday Evening Post, now include? the boys of Bisbee, Arizona,
who have organized themselveg for the purpose of suppressing "yellow
dogism." The yellow dogs of the Warren district have had their day, and
are now either going to change their color or be suppressed. An army of
voluntary boy detectives has been placed on the trail of every man who
injustly criticises the government or who is unpatriotic enough to repeat
the discouraging stories that are started by German spies and sympathizers.
Every man who
knocks the unl-
ted States government, and every man
who stands by and hears, his country
maligned without protesting, is a
yellow dog" and these mongrel pa
triots will be hunted down and given
a yellow tag just as rapidly as the
boys of Bisbee can be organized and
started on the crusade against yellow
dogism.
To direct the activities of the Boy
Detectives, an Anti-Yellow club has
been formed, and the work of organ
izing the boys will begin at once. En
rollment places will be opened in the
principle stores where the boys may
enroll and receive membership cards
and instructions in the duties of fer
reting out disloyalty and all boys anx
ious to do their bit in suppressing
the spread of German propaganda are
asked to Join the Boy Detective force.
The work of organizing this club is
in charge of the Boys' Department 01
the Y. M. C. A., who has issued a call
for public spirited men and women
who are urged to become members
of the Anti-Yellow Dog club and de
vote some of their time to taking
charge of the boys.
Headquarters for the Anti-Yellow
Dog club have been opened at the
Warren district Y. M. C. A. where all
desiring to assiBt in the campaign
may apply for membei-ship. There
are no membership fees of any kind
charged. All that will be asked of the
members and the boys who will enroll
as Boy Detectives, is that they devote
their energies to the thorough sup
pression of yellow dogism, and bend
every effort to make the city 100 per
cent American.
The formation of the Anti-Yellow
Dog club and the organization of a
force of boy detectives to hunt down
and suppress insidious Hun propa
ganda is the germination of an idea
that Henry Irving Dodge wove into
his recent work of fiction bearing the
title, "The Yellow Dog." In this story,
Mr. Dodge told how the boys of a
certain town were organized into a
force of boy detectives and working
under the direction of an energetic
red- blooded American, soon put an
end to Irresponsible lying about the
ineffeciency of the government and
the harmful repetition of false rumors
that are undoubtedly started by Ger
man spies.
Every man who made an unpa
triotic statement, or who said any
thing that Indicated that he was
not solidly behind the government
was challenged by a boy detective
with the question, "How do you
know that?" and when the chronic
gossiper could not give facts to
substantiate his unpatriotic state
ment, he was handed a card bear
ing the significant question, "Are
you a yellow dog?"
Mr. Dodge's plan offered so practi
cal a suggestion that the campaign
against yellow dogism is to be made
reality and a dangerous form of
German propaganda is to be wiped out 1
k.Li ,v, k .v. '
by harnessing the boy power of the
United States, and directing it against
this menace.
The Anti-Yellow Dog club will
do is share toward winning the war
by checking the malicious gos
sip and strengthening the "char
lotte russe" brand pf patriots in
this city, while similar clubs in
other cities, will, with the aid of
their boy detectives, make it ex
tremely difficult for the Hun to
distribute his propaganda through
the mouths of unthinking Amer
icans. Each club will be striving to make
Its city thoroughly American and it
la up to the citizens and the patriotic
boys of this town to Join in the round
up of yellow dogs, and either make
them quit whinning or turn them over
Before applying powder jive your
kin a protecting coat of
MARINELLO
Motor Cream
Shields skin against wind and weather.
Prent tn and sunburn. Keeps ak in soft
and velvety. Eliminates eoutt of most com
plexion d-frcts. Absolutely essential to
proper rsre ot facial beauty. Try it.
McDonald's Marlnello
Shop Phone 805
Band Together to Hunt
ran
THEMSELVES TO
GOVERNMENT WITHOUT CAUSE;
to the regular police for safe confine
ment, "The true American is heart
and soul for the U. S. A. while the
Yellow Dog is first aid to the kaiser,"
and he should be suppressed or put
in jail.
As suggested by Henry Irving
Dodge, the slogan of the boy detec
tives will be "Free speech, Yes!
Free lies. No!" and they will work
with the thought constantly in mind
that "All yellow dogism is made in
Germany."
City Briefs
LEFT LAST NIGHT.
Dr. J. J. P. Armstrong, for 15,
years a physician of Douglas and one
of the best known medical men In the
southwest, left last night for San
Francisco and New York and Canada
on his way to London to enter one
of the great war hospitals there. Mrs.
Armstrong will go as far as Long
Beach, where she will remain in a
sanitarium until she recovers her
strength. She recently underwent an
operation in the Copper Queen hos
pital at Bisbee.
PREDICT LONG WINTER.
According to the old weather proph-
DNMTHUnC MS
cts ana oia nuniers. tne people oi we,man outbre:ik was in progress or was
wanen district snoun prepare ior a
long and hard winter. They base their
predictions on the fact that the geese
have already began to fly south. Sev
eral flocks have been seen flying
south during the past few days. A
large flock of about a hundred was
se?n to pass over the upper end of
Tombstone canyon yesterday and
other flocks have been seen In the
Sulphur Spring valley.
BROTHER WAS KILLED.
Mrs. James Warneck of the local
postoffice has received word of the
killing of her brother, James M. Be
dore, at Vanadium, N. M. He was
shot and killed by a man named S. E.
Bailey on Wednesday, the 13th. Her
brother and a man named Ritner were
conducting a garage at that place and
Bailey was the owner of some mining
property. Bailey claimed the ground
on which the garage was located, but
a survey disclosed the fact that it was
rot. Bailey walked into the garage
and nhot Brdore down while he was
in the act of repairing i machine. He
died befoie medical aid could reach
him. Bailey was arrested. Mrs. War
neck was railed there and returned a
few days ago. Her brother was mar
ried. MRS. FERRELL DIES.
Mrs. Erma Fen-ell. mother of Mrs.
Frank Pennock of Quality hill, died
yesterday evening at 5 o'clock at the
Copper Queen hospital. Her death
was caused by injuries received in an
?,, . k, "CCU1?7U
last month, resulting in a broken hip.
the hospital for the past month. The
deceased has been a resident of this
city for three years and has many
friends in the district who will mourn
her loss, while the sympathy of nu-
! merous friends will go out to the fam
ily in its sad bereavement. The fu
neral services will be held tomorrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock from the Palace
parlors. The Rev. Harshman will of
ficiate. AT THE CENTRAL.
Something new in the way of emo
tion, a human sentiment which has
never been fully realized and which
has never comprised the theme of a
screen play, has just been introduced
to the inarticulate drama in the Pa
rana play. "Within the Cup," which
features Bessie Barriscale and which
will be shown at the Central theater
today only. The emotion which has
kindled a dormant flame in the
breasts of all those who have viewed
the picture deals with an uncanny
lack of confidence in the alncerity of
a woman's reverent love. She is cer
tain of the fidelity of her love: she
knows that her ardor is true; that it
is sincere. Her whole soul is racked
by her devotion yet an indomitable
power draws her from her lover. She
fears a curse which she knows Sa
been cast upon her soul and which
even the mighty force of love cannot
overcome.
ON THE SOUTHWESTERN.
TUCSON. Ariz.. Sept. 2J Supt.
William Wilson of the Southern Pa
cific railroad announced here tofrsV
that Investigation of the finding of j
three bombs on the railroad track
near Benson. Ariz., on Sept. 13, dis
closed that it had been Incorrectly
reported thst the bombs were founl
on the Southern Pacific tracks. In
stead. Mr. Wilson Bald, the bombs
were found on the tracks of the El
Paso & Southwestern railroad.
YANKEE
S J 1 m m irVrim iii Iiiiiiiwm i ir -,.-..m4..r-. - - . J,., ,, j.Jt
BRITISH AND FRENCH
Uiuiuu mil
MAKE GOOD CAINS
(Contlnued from Page Ona)
! been to the effect that an anti-Ger-
lmminnt in Rn3,ania with Queen Ma-
rie as one of the -prli cipals behind
the movement.
PERSHING'S COMMUNIQUE
-WASHINGTON, Sept. 21. Compar
atively quiet prevailed today in sec
tors occupied by American forces. Gen
eral Pershing reported tonight to the
war department.
The statement follows:
"American headquarters, Sept. 21.
'Aside from patrol encounters and
t J ...... i il. II'. I
sectors occupied by our troops."
BOTH LINES STABILIZED
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY ON
THE LORRAINE FRONT, Sept. 21.
(By the Associated Press). Both Ger
man and American Tines south of Metz
now have been well stabilized. Occas
ional clashes have occurred between
outposts, but for the present neither
side is making any serious effort to
alter its position. - -
The German artillery has continued
Its harassing fire but the American
trim a havn fa r nuor rpflphnH t ha on
b3 " ' " v.uuu ...t j
uicreaseu aviaiiuu acuvny in uie ttuu . t,A
. . . . bombs were dropped during tne
ava trta rla v u- a nnavont fill In tnol r
emv's front lines, a shell fallinir oe.icn airdromes at isouia), fwi "u
pjislonallv In the vicinity of Metz and!
serving to emphasize to the Germans
the advances the allies have made.
There has been no bombardment
of the city of Metz, and a bombard
ment of that place ls not expected dur-
ing the present operations. The fire;
against the forts around Metz will be;
continued at varying intervals.
ON BRITISH FRONT
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY
INI
FRANCE, Sept. 21. (By the Associated the line. These were taken to indicate
Press) 8. p. m. Partial counter-at-' a possible further retirement of the
tacks have been delivered by the Ger- Germans.
mans between Vendhuile and Belli-, The American guns are returning
court against the English battalions the fire and are harassing the Ger
attacklng west of Epehy, Templre and mans to an equal degree.
Hargicourt on the left of the Austral No attempt was made by either side
ians. today to advance. The American pa-
The Prltish forcps have yielded nart trol continued to dominate the great-
of their eains at some dIhcps hut a
net advance of a quarter of a mile In!
depth has been made and numerous!
machine gun redouhis have beeni
gtormea.
More than 400 prisoners were taken
on one part of the front.
GERMAN EVENING OFFICIAL, i
fl" R. view Leased wire)
UE.KL1.M, via Lonaon. hept. in
front of our Siegfried positions be-
tween Gouzeaueourt . and Hargicourt,
a large centralized attack, delivered
by the English, failed, with very
heavy losses to the enemy," said the
German official communication issued
this evening.
BRITISH OFFICIAL.
(Tiy Review Lekm Wire)
LONDON, Sept. 21. The British
again have advanced their lines east
of Epehy and near Har(?icourt, mid
way between St. Quentin and Cam
bral, according to Field Marshal
Halg's communicatjon.
The text of the communication fol
lows: "In a minor operation undertaken
bv us this mornine east of Enehy.
; English troops successfully advanced -
their line after lieavj
opposition was enco
y fighting. Stroni;
points, and later in. the day the ene
my launched a number of counter at
tacks of considerable strength. In
spite of this resistance, our troops
made substantial progress on the
whole of the front of their attack.
"In conjunction with the attack the
for Illusive
DOODLE COME
Australian troops made further prog-
'ress in p completely successful oper-
atlcn in the Hargicourt sector, captur-
Ing a number of prisoners.
.
BRITISH AIR OFFICIAL.
'LONDON, Sept. 21 Nineteen Ger
man airplanes have been accounted
for by British airmen, while the Brit
ish themselves have lost eleven ma- j
,n -'- Ur;," t:,
f,o .nnrt follow,.
"Despite low" clouds and frequent
showers our airplanes Friday carried
out useful work in all departments.
"Sixteen hostile machines were
downed and three sent down out of
control. Eleven of ours are missing.
4m .4 J . .1 n ttalf inna t f
1 Weil I Y "CIA alUl IVIta
24
hours."
BOMB GERMAN TOWNS.
(By Roview Leased Wtrei
LONDON. The entente allied inde
pendent air force on Friday dropped
bombs on the German towns of Man
helm, Karlsruhe, Boulay, . Frescaty
and Morhange, according to an offi
cial statement issued this evening by
the British government.
ExDlosives were dropped on the
Lanz works at Mannheim, on wharves
and factories at Karlsruhe, on blast j
furnaces at the Bourbach works ani ,
. . . . ... J
Morhange
One German machine was brougtit
down. One allied machine is missins.
GERMANS WILL RETREAT?
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY ON
THE LORRAINE FRONT, Sept. 21,
(Ry the Associated Press, noon.)
Fires were observed today in tne tawn
of Dommartln, behind the German line
on this front, together with a heavy
-"nvemenf of men and wapons behind
er Dart of the snace between the lines,
BULGARIAN OFFICIAL
LONDON, Sept. 21 An official com-'
munication Issued by the Bulgarian
war office Thursday and received here
today says:
"North of Monastir the enemy, aft-
er artillery barrage, tried to penetrate
our trenches but was repulsed.
..vt rrna there wa ittlff
fiKhtine throughout the day with
ternating successes. Between the vil-
Iage of Glevgeli and Lake Doiran, the ' The trawler was on the fishing
enemy after deseprate fighting, sue- banks when the enemy submarine ap
ceeded In penetrating a portion of our ! pea red.
advanced trenches, but was driven out j Advices received here tonight Indi
with considerable losses by a dashing c8ted that the torpedo was fired with
counter attack, leaving prisoners In I ol,t warning. No one was injured, and
our hands.
Defending their positions in obstin
ate hand to hand fighting during the
last two days our troops have inflict
ed heavy casualties on the enemy."
AMERICANS ARE ACTIVE
ARCHANGEL, Russia, Wednesday,
Sept. 11, (By the Associated Press.)
The American army contingent in
northern Russia already has played an
important role. Its uniform is familiar ,
everywhere from Archangel to the j
front. j
The engineers are busily engaged
In constructing roads and in other
detail work, while the other troops
and sailors are carrying; out their re-
spectlve duties. Many of the men had j
been disinclined to come to Russia, j
fearing there would be, no excitement i
Yellow Dogsi
TO TOWN
as compared w ith that in France.
Their tune now is a changed one.
Besides having their military duties
: to perform the Americans nave Deen
' hard at work in sanitation, relentless
ly scrubbing down the quarters form
erly occupied by the Bolshevik! and
digging drainage ditches.
Recently, owing to a political dis
pute, the street car system in Arch-
angel was brought to a standstill. A
I now the dinky little cars are running
through the streets of the city in true
American style.
STEAM PIPES EXPLODE
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, Sept. 21. An explo
sion of steam pipes aboard the steam
er Julia Stafford, headed for Brooklyn
late today with 200 men and women
workers from the Standard Shipyard
and Shooters Island, resulted in the
injury of many of the shipbuilders.
Fifteen of the victims have been
removed to a hospital on Staten Is
land, where it is said at least five are
expected to die. Police report that
many of the passengers jumped over
board and it is feared some were
drowned.
A complete list of the missing will
not be available until the workers
have been checked up Monday when
they return to the ghipyanl, the police
. ,th.
said late tonight.
Explosion of the steam pipes sent a
cloud of steam over the main deck of
the steamer, where most of the pas
sengers were standing. Some were
knocked down by the force of the
blast Others were thrown from their
feet and trampled on in the panic
which ensued.
The police estimate that at least
100 persons jumped into the water,
some wearing life belts and others,
without belts.
The steamer Ursela also loaded
with shipyard workers and which was
following the Stafford, put out boats
and picked up a number of those
struggling in the water. Other boats
hurried to the scene and Joined in
the rescue work.
A power launch rushed the men in
jured by the explosion to the shore,
where ambulances were waiting to
take them to the hospitals.
I The Stafford was only slightly dam-
'aged and returned to Shooters Island
for repairs.
TRAWLER IS TORPEDOED
AN ATLANTIC PORT. Sept. 21.
The American steam trawler. King
fisher was torpedoed and sunk, eighty-
five miles off the north Atlantic coast
lnat tilWil Tantaln Rllev and his
al-icrew of twenty-six were rescued and
reached shore today.
the captain and crew quickly took to
the boats.
WOMAN'S SUFFRAGE UP
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21. Despite
the announcement of Senator Jones of
New Mexico, that he would call up the
woman suffrage resolution next
Thursday in the senate, there was a
probability tonight that the plans may (
not be carried out. Difficulty over
the arrangement of pairs for absent ; j
members is being experienced and
fears wer,. expressed that this acain ,
mleht cause a postponement of final
action on the measure.
Efforts were made today to get Sen-,
ator Jones to postpone calling up the
resolution for a few days In order that !
certain absent senators might have aj
chance to return but he refused.
comtuNews
Miss L. (.'. t'czeaux. a trained nurse,
arrived in (Jleeson from her home in
Austin, Texas, on Wednesday. Sept.
4. She will be employed at the hos
pital of the Shannon Copper company
The sad report came recently to Co
ehie of tiie death of ( lay MiKninht.
killed on the front In iTauce. Hi.s
brother started for California to bear
the heavy tiding to his father in San
I)irgo. The sympathy of tile commun
ity goes o.u to the family in the piled
u; afilictious.
Frank Harnett, proprietor of a nir
torcycle shop on (J avenue in Douglas,
is In receipt of a letter from his cous
in, F. L. Hnrnett. who was one of the
members of the crew on an ill fated
hospital s'lip which was torpedoed a
few weeks ago. ThP young man was
reported niii.-Inp:. but was later res-
rued, and is now on the other side,
having been picked up by a transport
T. B. Grace, late candidate for nom
ination for State Senator, was in
Tombstone yesterday interviewing hi.s
trade. He says selling groceries beats
running for office all to pieces. .Mr
Grace, in the late primaries, bet the
shoes lie was wearing against the
shoes Red Gannon was wearing that
he would be nominated. "Red" says
that he hasn't seen the shoes yet, but
that Grace certainly miscalculated his
ability to run iu the primaries. Pros
pector. Gen. DeR. Cabell, for the last yeat
commander of the Arizona military
district, yesterday morning was di
rected to proceed to Fort Sam Hous
ton, San Antonio. Tex., and take com
mand of the southern department
Maj. Gen. W. A. Holbrook. who has
been in charee of the department has
been assigned to command a division
and will probably be sent to France.
It is expected that General Cabell soon
will be promoted to the rank of major
general, as his new command hereto
fore has been held by an officer of
that rank.
Lt. Harvey Ringer, eighteenth in
fantry, American expeditionary forces,
is dead as the result of wounds re
ceived in action between July 18 and
24, according to word received "In
Douglas yesterday by friends of Mrs
Ringer, who resides in Kansas City.
Mo.
Mr. Ringer was officially notified
of the scyere injuries received by her
husband, but has never received of
ficial report of Jiis death, but his of
ficer next higher in command of his
company wrote her a letter of con
dolence, telling of the death of her
husband in a hospital behind the lines,
following severe injuries received
action. She also received a letter of
condolence from the men of his com
pany.
Acccrding to cards received I"i
Tombstone by friends of Jack Esser,
who left Tombstone during the latter
Dart of Julv for the east, where he
enlisted in the 27th engineers, he ha
arrived safely overseas. The card
was one of the official forms, which
stated. "The ship on which I sailed
has arrived afely overseas." and was
signed John E. Esser. Co. D. 27th En
gineers. Although over the draft age,
Jack saw it his duty to f?nlist in Uncle
Sam's army and go across to do his
share to whip the Hun, and being a
expert miner enlisted In the engineer's
corps, and according to the official
card is over there, a little less than
two months sfter enlisting. His
friends expect to hear further good
news from his when he gets into ac
tion.
J. A. Miller, for many years proprl
etar of a bicycle and motorcycle shop
in Douclas, left yesterday for San
Pedro. Cal.. wlwere he will enter the
services of the government in the ship
yards. Mr. Miller Is above the draft
age, and too old for military service.
but. being a mechanic, decided to
serve his country in that manner.
About the State
Phoenix: Articles of incorporation
vesterday were filed in the office or
the state corporation commission by
the Warren Basin Leasing & Develop
ment company.
Sacaton: The Indian bureau today
called for bids for the construction
of the Sacaton dam on the Gila river.
It will irrigate 2g.0i0 acres of land
near Casa Grande.
Jerome: It is announced that ope
rations are to be suspended at the
Calumet & Jerome, for the period of
the war. as soon as the diamond drill
hole now being driven Is finished.
This will probably be by the end of
this week.
Phoenix: J. R. Lynch, proprietor of
a "suit cyuD at I'noenix anu wno
was recently convicted of conducting
a lottery, has disappeared. He ap
pealed from the judgmeut of the lower
court and was out on ball.
Phoenix: From porter in a Phoenix
barber shop to second lieutenant in
the national army is the rise which
Thomas J. Crawford has made in the
last few months. Crawford is one
of 107 colored men recently gradu
ated from an officers' training school.
Miami: The Inspiration Copper
company produced 9.000,00 pounds of
copper In August. This shows no
variation from the July production
but Is 1.600,000 below the high record
set in June. Inspiration Is handicap
ped by the labor jhortage.
Phoenix: Because the government
to fix (he selling prices of cotton
October 1. the large compnnies which
use mot of thP Salt river valley cot-
ton crop have decided not to do any
buying prior to that date.
Humboldt: During the month of
August there was received at the
Consolidated Arizona smelter at Hum
boldt from the Blue Hell and De Soto
mines a total of 12,200 tons ot ore.
The concentrating mill treated 81ti0
tons of ore and concentrates, while
the charge of new copper bearing ma
terial to the smelter amounted to 12.
oi in tons with a bullion production of
l.ZaO.DOU pounds of copper.
Phoenix: The corporation commis
sion have granted the Mountain States
Telephone company permission to
raise its rates on individual line busi
ness telephones in Phoenix from 14
to $5 a month.
Nogales: Mrs. itarinisla de Castillo,
a young Mexican woman with two
small children, has been killed by
a boit of lightning that struck her
while she was in the garden of her
home in this city. The force of the
discharge was indicated by the fact
that the ground on which she had
stood was torn up under her feet.
Phoenix: According to the annual
report of the insurance department of
I the corporation commission. Just made
public, $3,679,913.18 wa? paid out in
fire insurance premiums on Arizona
property last year. The state collects
a tax of 2 per cent of the premi
ums. One per cent of the premiums
collected In the larger towns and cit
ies goes to the municipal governments
and the remainder goes to the gen
eral fund of the state.
Phoenix: J. D. Adams, sheriff of
Maricopa county for two terms, won
the nomination for that position in the
democratic primary by a majority of
nineteen votes. Adams' opponent was
W. H. Wilkey, incumbent. The can
vass of the returns for this county
were made public yesterday after
noon. Carl Hayden, unopposed, polled
the largest vote. Other successful
candidates were Fred Colter.. Judge
A. C. Baker, Loren Vaughn. Wiley
Jons, D. F. Johnson and G. H. Boliu.
The candidates for the upper house
in the slate legislature, on the demo
cratic ticket, will be Thomas P. Wal
ton and A. S. Austin. The lower
house candidates, of the same party,
will be Mrs. Pauline O'Neill. J. V.
Goodwin. O. A. Kane, J. Irvin Burk.
William Brawner and M. Joe Mur
phy. Phoenix: Official returns from eight
of the fourteen counties, those report
ing being Maricopa. Apache. Coconino,,
Gila, Greenlee, Navajo, Santa Cniz
and Yuma give:
For governor
Colter 7143
Osborn 5052
Sutter 5113
For supreme court
Baker S393
Franklin 5950
For attorney general
Hawkins 5133
Jones : 8419
For corporation commissioner
Bradner 4274
Cole 4522
Johnson 49i'$
For secretary of state
Munds 6168
Simras 9263
For state treasurer
Ross 6769
Vaughn 6135
For state mine inspector
Bolin .7105
Foster 6S30
SUNDAY BAND CONCERT
The following is the program for
the concert to be given tonight at
7:30 o'clock at the Vista park. War
ren, by the C. & A. baud:
March "His Excellency" Henry
Fillmore.
Overture "Festal" Edward Hazel.
"Annie Laurie," trombone solo, play
ed by Grant Whitney.
Selection "The Pink Lady" Ivan
Caryll.
Oriental Valse "Moonlight on the
Nile" K. L. King.
Spanish serenade "La Paloma"
Yradier.
"Fillmore's Triumphial March"
Stain bough.
"Star Spangled Banner."
J. BOWDEN, Director.
HOUSE PASSES BILL
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21 Without
the provision increasing the govern
ment guaranteed price of wheat from
$2.20 a bushel, which once caused its
veto by President Wilson, the agri
cultural appropriation bill carrvine-
$27.SOO,000. was passed late today by
the house without a record vote.
The bill provides for expense dur
ing the present fiscal year of the de
partment of agriculture which since
July 1 has been paying its debts under
a resolution continuing the last year's
appropriations.
Debate on the bill today covered a
wide variety of subjects. Including polr
tics and administration policies and
actions. No amendments were adopt
ed.
GERMAN FOOD RIOTS.
I!y Review Leased Wir
ZURICH, Switzerland. Sept. 21.
Seriou? food riots continue at Salz-
burg. According to Munich papers. RI-
Ptt! attacked the government palace
and broke iown the doors, whereupon
the gendarmes fired, killing or wound
ing several. .
Hotels have been looted, food shop
raided and army stores plundered.
LS
OF BAD BLOOD
Pimples on the face, bunches in th
neck, sallow and swarthy complexion,
sores, ulcers, mucous patches Conner
colored spots, scaly skin affections,
constipation, inactive liver, dyspepsia
and stomach troubles are common
symptoms of poisoned blood. There is
no remedy offered today to the public
that has so successfully cured these
diseases as "Number 40 For The
Biood." An old doctor's prescription
containing the most reliable altera
tives known to medical science.
Put up by J. C. Mendenhall. Evans
ville. Ind., 40 years a druggist.
Sold by Central Pharmacy. Bisbee
Arl , Lowell Drug Co., Lowell, Am.
V THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, 5 UNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1918.
SEVEN
JJ. S. Army and Marine
Casualty List Day by Day
.
Th Review i. In reeeint of casualty listg as they are Issued by the i
war department to The Associated Press. Owing to a lack of space, it has j
been determined to publish only the complete list of thoBe killed or miss
ing and a regional list of wounded, including .Arizona, New Mexico and
Texas.
KILLED
Capt. J alien M
IN ACTION I
Strassburser, Mont-
gomery, Ala.
Lieut.
Donald H. Dunbar.SrringfieM,
Mass.
Lieut.
Lieut.
I
William Raymond, Ottawa, III.
Walter W. Smyth, no home
addnss.
Sergeants.
Gussie L. Adani3, El Mont, Mo.
William S. Carlisle. Clinton. Mass.
Henry P. Folsom. Cirileville. O.
Adam W. Kowalski, Philadelphia.
Matthew- 4. Leonard, Astoria, N. V.
Edwin H. Lundy, Lancaster, Pa.
,'n-i-. Patariuo, New York, N. Y.
; ' . ael Reily, New York, N. Y.
'-ur Lee Reichard, Chicago, III.
I . .trt W. Yazell, Wallinford. Ky.
Corporals.
William H. Fallon. Brooklyn, X. Y.
Earnest Fasnes, Montevideo, Minn.
William Larson, lshpemins, Mich.
Robert R. Lnnsenstein, Dakota, 111.
Frank Miers. Newlin, La.
LcRoy Ray, Nashville, Tenn.
John Rybarczyk, Detroit, Mich.
Busier Wm. R. Carlisle, Pittsburg.
Hurler Hardin E. Stone, Belvidere,
Neb.
Mechanic William A. Angrisauo,
New York. X. Y.
Mechanic William H. Horton, Wal
stonburg, X. C.
Privates.
Philip S. Baldridge. Colfax. Wis.
Thomas F. Bevins, Keystone, Iowa.
Pete Faken, Red Rock." Okla.
Andrew D. Ferko, Driftou, Pa.
Raymond Fredman, Milwaukee, Wis.
Hermino GaLefcos, San Marcial.X.M.
Joiin Jos. Gaynor, Elizabeth, N. J.
Rav Griffin. Nashville, Ind.
Wiiiard C. Houghton, Lee, Mfc.
Michael Jam;:sz, Frankfort. N. Y.
Robert T. JoJhnson, Lakewood, R.I.
Rodney Johnson, Towanda, Pa.
Clarence Mathus, Indianapolis, Ind.
Roy S. Ratley, Leslie, Ga.
Harry Rehfieid. Cook Co., III.
Ralph Lester Rickerd, Spring Val
ley, Wis.
Joe Rozosfci. Pmehamton, X. Y.
Eugene C. Rucker. Jf tcrsville, Va.
Chris W. shaflein, Chicago. III.
David Warner. Gillespievil'.e, O.
J.Tohn F. Wagner, Battle Creek,
Mich.
Frank L. Winders, Mai'leton. lova.
Otto Bryant. Gardtn City, Minn.
Pearley Butler. Waterville, Me.
J;:mes T. Christrnsen. New York. '
Chr.iics E. Cowan, Hickory, X. c.
Ralph Gul'ett, Indianapolis. Lid.
Noali L. Hardin. Linden, Tenn.
JJohn W. Krmritc. Xanticoke, Pa.
Giovanni Limongrlli, Huusdalc, x.Y
Jarr.es E. Msddrah. Winstead. Conn.
LcRoy A. Tierce, Belmond. Iowa.
Herbert Scassrs, Portsmouth, O
Ernst R. S;.haible. Columbus, (.
Gordon Shepherd, Hop'dnsville. Ky.
i John V. Sidmy, Cohasset. .Mass,
Clayton T. Smith, Media, Pa.
Abeil E. Snyder, A:burtis, Pa.
John A. Snyder, Toronto, O.
John William emple. Center, Texas
Calvin C. Climer, Cleveland, Tenn.
Wassili Conipaai.-e I.uz. rne Co.,Pa
Haniel Cozy, Meadville, Pa.
A iiiitr Darns, Grover. Ind.
Bert W. Dtan. Milo, Me.
Char en J. Downing, Rochester, X.H.
Lee Edwards, Concord, X. C.
Samutl L. Estes. Eldorado," Oklal
John L. Grogan, "Puckaho, X. Y.
Frank S. Lamb. Oblong, 111.
Alf Meyer, Bingham, Utah.
Patrick Mul"a:iey. East Carnegie.Pa.
Elmer E. Patterson, phi!a., l a.
Ccoige F. Kittling. German'town,
Xeb.
Jasper X. Sanford, Three Loc ks, O.
Henry W. S iioener, Galeton. Pa.
J-'oiest D. Sebastian, Eldorado, III.
Nie's Skeem. Xephi. l'tah.
Joseph X. Smith. Plymouth, X. H.
Gaftnae Soforte, .w York.
Burton Stockwell, Pontiac, Mich.
John Yaentino. Contluencp, Ky.
DIED OF WOUNDS.
Lieut. Randolph li. Grassold Chi'ton
Wis.
Sergeants.
Vir'l Beaty, Wilder. Tenn.
1 !;not.iy John Crowley, W-.-rds
land. X. Y.
Fletcher v.-. Mcrritt. Roxboro.'X
C.
Corporas.
Wilber McK. Rose. Ri hpatch. Ya.
Win. C3. Seskarski, Chicago, III.
John H. V(;ung. Brooklyn, X. Y.
Me(h. Chas. F. Hopp, New York.
Privatcs.
Chas. W. Baker, Somerset, Ky.
Paul .1. Health, Lcmoyne, I'a.
.!( sso 1 Carter. Moreland. Ky.
Frederick Casoll. Oyster Bay. X.Y.
Lawrence Conriith, A then.,, o.
The mas Fitzuil.-bon. E. R..s;n..Va:,s.
Vh-n.as .1 Griffin. Urinson, Ga.
Otto Ledecky, Chicago, Ml.
Altx;.naer M. Brady, .New York.
Roy Brow:i. Pomona, Cal.
Art .ur C. Hn.nt, Reattyvillo. Ky.
D;-.vj. t. Chase. Rumford Falls, ".Mo.
Martin J. Clements. Denver. Colo.
- rl ( rt X. lnvi.tr, Tarocj, V.'a ;h
Fiai.k O. Dui.lavri. Chicago.. Hi.
Roy KMis. Sr.fde, Ya.
I'ri'i'ri'k K Kitu'u' Brooklyn. X.Y.
Fr.-.ik V. Fry. Petersen. X. J.
Tor rrci rli lir.:piial arc ref'tec?, American fund
I' rcnr.ii wcundcu and American committee
for devastated I ranee
Warren Park, Sept. 23rd
Tickets will lx; sold on the street I rid.iy and Saturday.
C. & A. Band Donates Services
Leslie R. Fromby, Cadillac, Mich.
Adolph Huug. Dalton. Minn,
ndrew Hays, Green Castle, Ind.
Frank W. Hopp, Syracuse, X. Y.
Waiter F. Howard, Detro;;, Mich.
Chas. jas. Hunt, Mt. L'nion, Pa.
Nels Nelson Jacobsen, Chicago, 111.
John R. Keiley, LSwrence, Neb.
Charks L. Keil, Chicago. 111.
Edward J. Keiley, Attleboro, Mass.
James J. Lancer, Buffalo, X. Y.
Wis N. McClelland. Youngwood.Pa.
Douglas McDaniel, Cove, Ark.
Isaac C. McSliane, Reading, Pa.
Walter Manning. Falmouth. Va.
Aloysius Matt. Hiliman, Mich."
Rudolph C. Mehrtens, San Francisco.
Herman Miersch, W. Hoboken, NJ.
John A. Morrissey, New York.
Frank M. Popa, Magnet, Xeb.
Logan Quails. Harlowton, "Mont.
Louis Richards. New York.
Kiank M. Sliepard. Denver. Colo.
James F.Standish.Minneapolis.Minn.
Leonard Sword. Newall. pa.
I.oyd U. Waechtcr, East Peru, la.
Henry Washington, Charleston, W.
Va.
Jos. John Winandy, Chicago, 111.
Charles A. Young. Andover, Mass.
DIED OF DISEASE.
Sgt. James A. Dancey, Far R&rka
way, N. Y.
. Privates.
Sam Bircl. field, Village Springs.Ala.
Wm. H. Brown, Byars, Okla.
James Bumpas, DeQueen, Ark.
Johnnie Chambers, Bastrop, Texas.
Thomas I). Coppinger, Cottonwood,
Texas.
William E. Evans. Shade. O.
John H. Harris, Blackton. Ark.
Willie Jones, Atkins, Ark.
Win. Kotzum, New York, X. Y.
Walter Kujawa, Milwaukee, Wis.
Ferdinand J. Miguez. Xew OrleaSi-s.
Philip A. Robinson, Stoneham, Mass.
Wm. G. Rnth, Guttenburg, X. J.
Pleas R. Shocklee, Livermore, Ky
Chas. Eugene Vanarnum, GletifielJ,
X. Y.
Walter Vinson. Enfield, X. C.
John Wesvcr, Ossining, X'. Y.
DIED FROM AEROPLANE ACCI
DENT.
Sgt. Hyde B. Merrick. Allston. Mass.
DlfcD FROM ACCIDENT AND OTH
ER CAUSES.
Sgt. J.vjob C. Stockburger, Allen
town. Pa.
Pvt. Wm. C. .Mi Knight. Dawson.Pa
KILLED IN ACTION
Corporals
Allen D. Cost, Owensboro. Ky.
George F. Meyer, Saginaw, Mich.
Willie R. Robbing, Lenair, X. C.
Privates
Xicoli Berinchik, Slonim Prov.
Groduo. Russin.
Sam Giardo, Piute. Calif.
Thomas Higgins, New York.
George W. Spears, Clemmons, N. C
Glenn Fitzpatrick, St. Joseph, Mo.
Peter D. Gettz, Grand Forks, N. D.
Frank Gregor, St. Paul, Minn.
William Heesaker, West Pepere,
Wis.
Albert M. Karkela, Calumet, Mich.
Callagera Lomcnica, West Pepere,
Wis.
Albert M. Karkeda, Calumet, Mich.
Cailagera Lanionica. New York
Morris R. Livezly, Williainmet,
Conn.
Sorsby K. McGowen, Los Angeles,
Calif.
Constantine Malichis, Mobile, Ala.
Paul L. Marchman, White Plains,
Ga.
William H. Masters, Kinderhook, 111.
Bernard Meador, Glen Allum, W.
Va.
John Meyer. Merris Park, X. Y.
Clifford J. Murray, North Columbia,
Calif. 1
Charle3 Edward Neelon, Lockport,
X. Y.
DIED OF WOUNDS
Privates
Sylvester F. Keiley. Hartford, Conn.
Herman F. Little, Manchester, X. H.
John R. Livingston, Bedford, la.
Caleb O. Xistrum, Havre, Mont.
John M. Perry, jr., Xew York.
John Ryan, Winooski, Vt.
George Simpson, Pittslieid, Mass.
DIED FROM ACCIDENT AND
OTHER CAUSES
Privates
Victor F. Bauer, Bally Berks Co ,
Pa.
Lawrence J. Boldezar, Philadelphia.
Leland S. Clancy, Southampton,
X. Y.
Joseph Guerrieri, Old Forge, Ta.
James Harris. McCol, Miss.
Ivan J. Johnson, Chicago.
Walter H. Xiggel, Pittsburg, Pa.
MISSING IN ACTION
Corporals
Joseph B. Razeau. Providence, R. I.
John J. Curtis, Chicago.
Joseph H. Haegel. Terry, Mont.
Alois A. Heup, Milwaukee, Wis.
James E. Jensen. Seofield, L'tah.
Arthur Johnson, Oswego, Mont.
Frank P. Jungers, St. Peter. Minn.
Casinir T. Rokicki, Milwaukee,
Wis.
Privates
Clirence W. Backman, Ccnterville,
L'tah.
David West Barber, Knoville,
BANCE
Tenn.
W m. E. Blackburn, Purango, Colo.
Carl F. Bonnewell, Spencer, Ind.
Harry R. Botts, Muncie, Ind.
Antone Brava, Provincetown, Mass.
Geo. Cerveny, Chicago.
Arthur J. Clark, Derry, X. H.
Harry E. Cook, Miles City, Mont.
Herbert Corder, Xashville, Tenn.
John Corollo, Lugo Di Vincenza
Martissa, Italy.
Argendini Desandi, Bellmont Deo
Sanio, Italy.
Noah L. Eno, Superior, is.
Charles F. Farrell, Fall River, Mass.
Robert Flack, Xewark, X. J.
Morton G. Gilbert, Miles City. Mont.
Earl L. Graves, Livingston, Mont.
Albert Haakenson, Westby, Wis.
Russell S. Harmon, Berkeley, Calif.
Hendrick Helmus, Grand Rapids,
Mich.
Edwin A. Hubenthal, Spokane,
Wash.
Jack Johnson, Brooklyn, X. Y.
Lewis Jodel, Chicago.
Frederick L. Junge, Rosebud, Mont.
Joseph M. Kalberg, Glendive, Mont.
Mike M. Kalfayan, Schenectady,
N. Y.
Thadore Kechapalos. Garfield, Utah.
Frank J. Klimek, Arcadia, Wis.
Henry. V. Lanagan, Alameda, Calif.
George H. McQuesten, Cincinnati,
Ohio.
Frank J. Malolepsa, Grand Rapids,
Mich.
Biaggio Mantuano, Fojjio, Italy.
George Mauritz, Athens, Wis.
Theaphil A. Memic, Lebanon, Pa.
Milos M. Laden, Gary, Ind.
Stanslew Xaguzewskl, Baltimore,
Md.
Antone Owerus, Indiana Harbor,
Ind.
Lester Parkhurst, Lyndon, 111.
Antonio Porta. Aptos, Calif.
Lewis Rice, South Weare, X. H.
Raymond Rogers, Pemberton, X. J.
John Samoska, Washington Park,
1U.
Reno Schmit, Hottonville, Wis.
Harry R. Schumaker, Galesville,
Wis.
Joseph Sobezak, Chicago.
Edward Vavra, Chicago.
Thomas P. Via, Ola, Aic.
Curtis Wood, Jonesboro, Ark.
Clifford Young, Miles City, Mont.
Total number of casualties to date
including those reported above:
Killed in action (includ
ing at sea) 6038
Died of wounds 1SB6
Died of disease 17SU
Died of accident and oth
er causes ST2
Wounded in action 174."i3
Missing in action (includ
ing prisoners) 4IS2
Total 32471
RETURNED TO DUTY, PREVIOUS
LY REPORTED MISSING IN
ACTION
Pvts. Claude L. McCoy, Olney
Springs, Cclo.
Benjamin W. Kemp, Salt Lake N. M.
Jcs O. Trujillo. ( onjillon, N. M.
WOUNDED DEGREE
UNDETERMINED
Privates
Allie Fearin. San Antonio, Tex.
MISSING IN ACTION
Lieutenants
Don R. Harris, Arnet, X.' C.
John Jay Van Schaak, Hartford.
Conn.
Sergeants
Henry H. Culver, Mt. Pleasant,
Texas.
Elmer Johnson, Bufaflo, N. Y.
Louis M. Lowen, Michigan City,
Ind.
Corporals
Elbert H. Brannon. Lake, Tenn.
Aubury Travers, Whitehaven, Pa.
Bugler Winfred J. Welch, Portland.
Ore.
Mech. John A. Grantlund, Home
City, Minn.
Privates
Guiseppe Bandoni, Churchill, Nev.
Alex Bartol, New Coeln, Wash.
David L. Berg, Pawnee, Okla.
Louis A. Bfescar, Los Angeles, Ca:.
Henry J. Bill, Richmond, Calif.
John Bono, East Detroit, Mich.
Walter Borkoweci, Philadelphia.
Clarence J. Brandley, Salt Lake
City, l'tah
Arthur B. Casey, Spring Garden,
Ala.
William E. Childress, Jemison, Ala.
James Chio, Lathrop, Calif.
Raymond V. Gaynor, Chicopee,
Mass.
Bernard B. Groaeh, Olive Branfh,
Miss.
Harold Harmon. Mt. Carmel, 111.
Harry Holl. El Paso. Tex.
Charles E. Holman, Clarks, La.
George Kembull, Seattle, Wash.
Anton Mejchowski. Chicago.
Adolph Myren, Hillsboro, X. D.
Arthur Martimus Nelson, Chetek,
Wis.
Rudolph M. Puttre, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Felix L. Riindo. San Francisco, Cal.
Ray V. Raphael. Barney, X. D.
George Reske, Hamtramck, Mich.
Pedro Romero, Tucumcari, X. M.
John Sexton, Saltville, Va.
Wilton G. Smith, Barre, Vt.
James W. Sulivan, Xew Haven,
Conn.
David Daniel Swively, Harrisburg,
Pa.
Alfred Walby, Regent. X. D.
Orus C. Willey. Hinton, W. Va.
Charles T. Wolford. Wtppoccma, W.
Va.
eGorge. H. Yance. Pine River, Minn.
John Leonardo, Corona. Calif.
Roland L. Logan, Mtha. Fla.
George I.rngacie, Shelby, Ohio.
Paul Luticii, Xew York iCty.
Ren Martini. Hamilton, S. I).
Arnold L. Miiler, Wabas:;o. Minn.
Russell W. Miller. Philadelphia.
William M. Mitchell. Clayton. Ala.
Allied Monk. Saginaw, Mich.
John Onderko. Soler, Pa.
Alfred Ottesson, Maddock, X. D.
i Stanley Poswauski, East Chicago,
j Ind.
! William R. Roberts, Lepanto. Ark.
Raggazino Salvatoie. Salvatne.
Sjint Angele, Province Ca.'.erta. Ita:y.
j Ixmis E. 'Frayler, Otwell. li d.
i Will L Tucker. Harris. Cal.
i Leo .1. Zydi'l. Pittsburg, Pa.
! Leoue Ago.tino. East Chicago. III.
1 Clarence C. Bauer. Cleveland. O. I
! Charles W. Beck. Butlerville. Ind. 1
I James H. Beck. Mason. N. II.
Edwin Christ Behling, Memniitnee.
Wis.
; Itiidyard G Behling. Bend. X. I)
i J' e L. Bellin. riiillipslmig. Mont,
i Thomas K Callahan. Xew Loudon.
JConn j
Xathau Chester, Waterbury, Couu.
knar ii
T
Francis A. Clayton, Alberta. Can.
Austin W. Edisoni Clearwater S. C.
Harry L. Flint, Breckenridge, Minn.
Henry L. Fowler, Victoria, B. C,
Can.
Clifford L'. Gaines, Alameda, Calif.
Carl A. Glanzel, Barnards, X. Y.
Gunner S. Gunderson, Bowen, N. D.
Ben F. Hortcn. Kelso, Wash.
Dewey E. Husted, Ainsworth, Xeb.
Charles F. Jordan, Chandlerville,
III.
Otis P. Kahle, Sigel, Pa.
Richard T. Karnowsky, Brooklyn,
X. Y.
Edgar L. Kellom, Seattle, Wash.
Alfred Keyes, Cobb, Wis.
Thomas A. King, Oakland, Calif.
George F. Knapp, Hot Springs. S. D.
William Konkel. Milwaukee, Wis.
William I. Lackey, Section. Ala.
Melvin L. Lane. Evansviile. Minn.
Ellis W. Lee, Perry, Ark.
Clarence W. Lewis, Columbus, O.
Joseph Lockwood. Ft. Yates, X. D.
Maximo Lopci, Isadorc, X. M.
John Luczyk. Chicago.
Kenneth S. McKay, Delhi, Minn.
Joseph H. McKinley, Barnett, Mo.
Wm. A. McWhorter, Lafayette. Ala.
Louis Maestas, Santa Cruz. X. M.
Claude A. Marsh, Williston, X. I).
Max Mathews, Turtle Lake. X. D.
Prisoner Lt. Edwin Russell Al
bertson, Hillsdale, X. J.
MARINE CORPS CASUALTIES
Summaiy of casualties to date.
Officers
Deaths :
Wounded t!4
Missing 104
Enlisted Men
Details !if.S
Wounded lit:::
In hands of enemy 12
Missing 101
Total S06S
Grand total 3172
KILLED IN ACTION
Corporals
Marcus W. Beck, jr.. Atlanta. aG.
Dm id K. Peers. St. Louis. Mo.
Diunnner Herbert W. Klingen.-aein,
Xew York City.
Privates
Lf!iz lo Atkins, Hartshorn, O
Thomas J. (in gg, Troy, X. V.
Julius V. Harke-iyi-.s, St. I-mi's. Mo.
L:-.-iter H. Jacobs, .Med ford.
EdP'.ur.d )!. K owe. 11. rwi' k. Me.
Rybeit X. Walpole, Portland, Ore.
DIED OF WOUNDS RECEIVED IN
ACTION
Cpl. Ed "art E. Cabell. Philadelphia.
Privates
Emery A. B.irtlett. Salem. Ore
Amos A Conrad, Hoyerlowii, Pa.
Prisoners 1 war In Germany, pi,'
vimsly repotted misMtic in action:
Pvt. Elmer C. Rtirhart. Philadel
phia Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 156 uitice and residence
irst hiuse west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street, b.fcbee, Arirona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.!
Beginning
A CHARGE of Ten Cents will be
made for each order delivered
by us.. (Carry it home and SAVE
Ten Cents.)
A CHARGE of Two Cents will be
made for each order posted on
our books. (Pay cash and SAVE
Two Cents.)
HE above is in compliance with
our governments request to con.
serve man-power.
Tovera's.
Trues Meat Markets,
Johnson Meat Co.
BUILDING SHIPS
VERSATILE WORK
(liy Review Leased Wire)
I WASHIXGTOX. Sept. 6. Shipbuild
i ing, the many-sided task in which
j much of America's mechanical genius
i is today engaged as a part of the war
' program, requires mechanics skilled in
i more than thirty trades besides an
I army of unskilled workers.
With a gigantic building program
ahead, a vast force is employed along
I in this phase of war work. Today
I 300,000 men are at work in the ship
yards, with 2D0.O0U engaged in trades
that provide material for the shipbuild-
j ers-
Here are the skilled workers who
j are doing the work cn the steel ship:
I Shipfitters. blacksmiths, rivetters.
j chippers and calkers. drillers, plumb-
ers, pipefitters, machinists, joiners,
; carpenters, pattern makers, foundry-
men. coppersmiths, heavy forgers, angle-smiths wno periorm me prepara
steel metal workers, furnace men, tory work to the erection of plates,
shearers, punchers, anglesmiths, ship- bracqets, clips, beams, bulkheads and
wrighu?, riggers, flangers, drop forg-! parts required for the hull of a ship
ers erectors. boRers-up, crane operat-1
ors. locomotive, engineers firemen
! loftsmen, painters and helpers in all
these trades.
Sixty per cent of the work on a ship I
is in constructing the hull, and the re-
maining 40 per cent is installing me -
jchanical parts, deck furnishings and
' other equipment that goes to make the
I finished vessel.
j Obviously, it is almost impossible to
single out one craft that is the most
I important. All contribute in making
:the finished nrodiict and wiihn.. nnv
j one no complete ship could result. Krithdj squadron, finding It lm
Loftsmen. however, plav a great part. Possible to observe and range upon
j Ship plans are iiist made in a draft- i "'f'1" objectives of military import
ing 1..0111 on a small scale. Going to !". retrained from the caaal bomb
the mould loft a large building with ! dropping which might have h't the
a smooth tloor cf sufficient size to j hcwpitals or children."
; have drawn upon it the plans of t he "
ship to lull size the Inttsmen fashion
the templates or moulds of liwht wood
or pajier from which the steel for the
hull tan be !ai'' otf and marked for
shearing, pm, h.Vs. planning and other
operations.
! The moulds are tirade from three
plans that give shipn to the ship.
These t lins, showinr the lines of a
vessel are the hei r plan or side eleva
tion, the half hr-ath plan and the
bedy phn or end elevation The ody
plan is innM us d in unking th"
moulds, fur m sh"is bet'.-r the shape
of each Iraaii . I f 11 and floor plate
The III mills rill: t be absolutely cor
rect so that tlnj will join togetinr
properly.
The shipiii ter is piol.atdy the one
metal unrker whose trade may be
ter I purely ,i thipbinldiiig trade. He
marks olf the steel material for the
part of the wssel's hull, by fitting
the loltsmau's mould over the steel
Drillers alao play a big part iu the i
drilling and reaming of holes Thev i
Oct.
1Z
(are necessary because of the rivet CANADIAN CASUALTIES.
holes being punched in shop do not j
always coincide despite careful work-1 (By Review leased Wlrej
manship. In some cases also holes ; OTTAWA. Sept. 21. Today s casu
must be drilled out o fthe ship. Thejalty list included:
I unevenness between holes is removed Killed In action:
by reaming, which is merely a slight;
enlargement. '
Rivetters do perhaps the most spec-i
tacular work, the rat-a-tat-tat of their
pneumatic tools having a fascination
reminiscent of the anvil of the village
blacksmith. Rivetting holds the ship;F0R SALE Maxwell five passenger
together, and a ship's plans specify, car. ian mo(iel, run 6CMI miles. $4
every rivet for each has a certain I C8sil or terms Pnone W ilson, Red
function. Chippers and calkers trim! 52; Sunday or 2'9 week days. 41U
off or smooth the edges of plates, cast-1 ,
ings and other, parts and make them FOR SALE Ford, five passenger
water tight. Shipwrights install the j touring car. 1U1S model. Good coii
wooden decks, masts, spars and j dition. Apply to Hood & Bledsoe
booms. Other ship woodwork is done , shop. 4-
by joiners.
Ventilation, piping and light metal
work is Jone iarg(.t!y in shop by sheet'
metal workers. Plumbing and piping
also is done in shop by plumbert, ma-1
chinists and pipefitters. (
Shop work on the hull proper is
done by workmen operating shears.,
punches, bending rools. planers and
other machines and the frame benders.
acetylene Durners, turnace men ana
WHAT SAVED COLOGNE
(t!y Iteview L-:iseU Wire)
LONDON", Sept. 2 "Clouds save
Cologne from attack, reads ine neau-
1 line ot a newspaper article detailing
! recent air raid carried out i 1rl" ,
' l'sn alr forces. '
I "What really saved Cologne, says a
semi-official statement of the Royal,
'Air Forces, "was the Briti.-U refusal
' to Imitate Germany's outrageous pol-:
1 icy of indiscriminate bombing. The
LANE'S TRAVEL SERVICE BUREAU.
Travel-hotel information, ROOM RESERVATIONS, accommodation
secured for induividuals, parties, lodgss. societies, associations, organna
tions, during celebrations and conventions NO CHARGE.
Auto stags tickets and seat reservations secired. v (Oaily service.
San Francisco to Imperial Valley. Camp Kearpy. Riverside Aviat on
Field, etc.) Autos furnished for private use, reliable, competent drivers,
go everywhere. Write, phone, or call. LANE'S TRAVEL SERVICE BU
REAU. 822 WEST 6th STREET, LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA. Phones:
Pico 1007; Home 10743
LOS ANCELES
Gates Hotel $1
FIREPROOF
Sixth and Figueroa Streets
Cafe and Restautrant Garage in
Connection Close to Stores, The
aters and All Car Lines. Los An
geles' Finest Tourist and Family
Hostelry. TAKE TAXI AT OUR
EXPENSE. Lee Holladay. Pres. and
Mgr. Geo. A. Collins. Sec'y-
1st
J. W. Clarke. Buckeye. Ariz.
Prevlouiiy reported
uiissiug. now
returned to unit:
R. B. Ruttan (address not given I.
(TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY.)
TOR RENT Four furni.-hed rooms
u. A. I aveny. jonnson au-iuio.i
4-'T
FOR REXT Four rooms furnished
Address 27 Johnson avenue. Two
rooms furnished, gas. light, com
plete. 4"S
. WAXTKD A position
in rooming or
boarding house in exchange for
light housekeeping apartments. Mrs.
1. A. Berry, General Delivery. Bi
bee. 5'0
LOST In Warren, collie pup.
found return to W. B. Gohring.
If
".1
FOR REXT Two room furnished
apartment, screened porch. 1
Tombstone canyon. Itanium car
stop. 5 '.'2
WANTED - Position BtoVk.-eprr.
general office man. Man ants
SOme extra work durir.g spar- tune,
Kss,,lltj;li accounts on income t;
opem,d References given. Write
x Y Z, Review.
FOR SALE All or half interest in
head of goott rows. Good n;:c ' v-Vtt
plenty of running water. 1-2 mi'e t -low
Sycamore grove, on Tombsto ie
road. McComby ranch, or adfe
A. li. McComby, Bishee 4 'i
LOS ANGELES
Hotel Lee $1
With Bath.
Sixth and Figueroa Streets.
Modern Rates. 75c to 1300
Special Summer and V. cekl Rntcs
All depot earn p- tti d.vir 1
ace i ov.ne- led Cafe next do.r
WM. B. CLARK. Prop.
..r EIGHT
THE EiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1918;
City Briefs
-
Has anyone visited youT Or
have you entertained? If so. call
The Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
FROM TOM ESTONE.
Mrs. J. A. Lamb and daughter. Miss
Ruby, of Tombstone, are .spending a
few duys- in the city on a visit to
lrien-.
ICOPPER QUEEN GUESTS. i
! H. 1'. Cary. Mr. and Mrs. Todt, J. 1 ,
; C. Cambell, Albuquerque, N. M.; J. H.
Methal. Los Angeles; Mr. and Mrs. R.
H. Sutan, Cananea; J. B. Coope, Los
Aneeles: Cm. T. J. Duffy. Douglas. I
WERE IN TOMBSTONE.
Attorneys Rod McDonald and Alex
ander Murray were in Tombstone yes
terday on business before the superi
or ciurt.
ON SHORT VISIT.
E. (". Porter, assistant clerk of the
beard of supervisors, was in the city
last evening cn a short business trip.
He had been in Douglas.
GOES TO TOMBSTONE.
J. F. Cassan will go to Tombstone
this afternoon to visit friends of old
acquaintance. Mr. Cassan expects to
return home this evening.
FUNERAL SERVICES TODAY. !
The funeral services for Mrs. Mary i 5
Store who died at the C. & A. hospital j B
Wednesday morning, following a seri-! 3
ous operation, will be held this after- Iff
noon at 2:30 o'clock from the Catholic p
church. '
RETURNS FROM COAST.
Mrs. J. O. Cowen and daughter Alice
of Warren, have returned from the
Coast, where they spent the .summer,
months. They report having spe:it a
delightful summer. Miss Cowen will
re-enter school in Eisbee High school '
this fall.
1? A T Ti
i
a m v.
TODAY ONLY
I3HAT
Cont
inuous
TODAY ONLY
Marian
FACES.
Lithographs 0f Tom Maddock and
Tom Campbell, the republican can
didates respectively for congress and
governor, have appeared in Disbee.
FOR CARRYING A GUN.
P. Hernandez, 'was arrested last
tvt nin,; by the pdire officers on a
char.ee cf t arrying concealed ( wea- j
pons. He was found with a .32'auto
natie in his possession. He was re
leased on a $5o cash bond for his
Appearance in court on Monday.
IF
y v oman
THE GREATEST WOMAN PICTURE EVER PRODUCED
AN ATTRACTION EXTRAORDINARY
i
Cooper and All-Star
IN THE WILLIAM FOX SUPER PRODUCTION
Cast
aeci
one
If 99
Law
VISITINO HERE.
Miss Gertrude Catron of Kl Paso,
who has been visiting- her mother,
Mrs Bert McDonald of Hereford, for
tile past three wetles, is spending a,j
few days here on avisit with her anut j
pni utn-le. Mr. and Mrs. S. A. niu
l-OR FIGHTING ' f cliool hill. Miss Catron will leave
, j ... . Uiiis week for El Paso to resume hen
" ... ! duties with the telephone company ii !
i . ;u,i ; im....,. ' mai til)
A GREAT 7 ACT DRAMA BASED OS1 THE FAMOUS DE SAULLES DCMESTIC TRAGEDY THAT SHOCKED AMERICA
It Depicts in TerriLIe Realistic Manner the Heart Rending Experiences of the Little
South American Woman Who Married the Man About Town Jack De Saulles.
SEE IT AND JUDGE WAS THE JURY RIGHT?
Inz for fighting in Brewery Gulch
They will be given a hearing before
Judge Hogan on Monday in the po
lice court.
'.
AT THE EAGLE-
Those Vtio wish to see "Woman
and the Law." the William Fox photo
play based on the internationally sen
sational I)e Saulles domestic tragedy.
LEAVES FOR SCHOOL.
Mra Wilunn nf Oll.llitv liill and
daughter. Lois, left yesterday for New! will have their last opportunity today
v,i, r-ttv wh. mi. wiUnn will at the Eagle theater. The drama.writ-
,o..'mo hor t,ii fnr th ten and directed by R. A. Walsh, has
HCs.u . - I
Katzenjammer Kids Comedy
ADMISSION: Children 10c.
Hpnrv Watsnn fnnwlv
Adults 15c. Reserved 25c. !
velopment of her musical career.
a scene of exceptional realism ana in-1
tensity when 'the woman who has shot j
her husband for the sake or hr child
faces the lurv whL'h is to decide lier
i fat.
HAND IS SMASHED.
A. Rzabe! Johnson, miner at the
South West, was injured early yes
terday morning while at work. His!
hand was smashed by some falling , MFS- HALL DIES.
rock, rendering him unable to work! Mrs. Anna Hall, aged ?$ years, the
f,r . feu.- rinvs ! wile of P. H. Mall, died la:;t night -t
NOT COMING.
"The Guardsmen" which was to be
presented by the Redpath Lyceum wii!
ing. September 23,
vertised.
as previously ad
REPUBLICAN MEETING CALLED.
A meeting of the Cochise county re
nnhlii'nn rpnlr.il commit 'ee was called
.... a r.f. i
, j ,:.u ocioct oi pernimuis. i ue ouu , vesterday by Count v Chairman Teeson
TO BE ORGANIZED. '"s taken to the Palace Undertaking ; jor Tues,iay njKht at 8 o'clock in the
Two millinery classes will be or- company's mortuarv to be prepare.. ; roms VVPr tUe phelps Dodge dispen
ganized at the Y. W. C. A. within the fcr burial. Mrs. Hull had resided sary Mam street, liisbee. All of (he
next week, and all who wish to join here since November, 1917. Shr ;! committeemen elected at (he recent
are- requested to .enroll during the i survived by her hut-band and on- son,! 1)rmary are requested to be present,
comins; week. The work, will start i Parney. agf.i g ' years. Funeral ar-, .
on Mondav. Sept. 30. rangemenls are incomplete.
I
SAFE OVERSEAS.
Mrs. John Roberts has received
word that her brother, R. S. Hammer,
who was better known in the Warreii
RECEIVES COMMISSION.
Carl Trisclika, formerly geolo;ji:t
at the shuttu'-k mine has received a
"rnimission as first lieutenant in the
district as "Dick." has arrived sate I engine ring corps and has been or
overseas and was now stationed at . clered to report at Camp Humphreys,
the base training school in France. va. Mr and Mrs. Triscl.Va and son,
Jack, have been in the east for the
VISITING !N TOMBSTONE. 'past two months on a vi'it to his par-
Mrs. J. Brady is spending a few ! e nts at Fire Is'and. N. V. He will re
days in ombstone as the guest of her port for duty from there. Mrs. Trisch
sister, Mrs. Kate Rafferty. Mrs. ka will remain in the esat.
Brady was one of the pioneer resi
dents of the Tombstone district and
lived at Pickem Up. about a mile j
south of Tombstone, fot a number of i
years.
WAS NOMINAED.
Advices have been received
I that Harold A. Elliott of Clifton
! was a rormer Kisnee resident, bad
, been nominated by the democrats of
t Greenlee county for the office of state
senator. Mr. Elliott was engaged in
; the practice of law while in this citv
:ind married a former P.ishee vnimir
ing Doara. He is making preparations . lady His man fripnds j,, tbe
lor me examining oi uie men wno
registered recently and who will be
called for service within the next few
weeks.
CGEC TO FUNESAL.
W. A. Mf.-parron, president of the
T "iLsto.v Conim-Tcla: i-lub, left yes
terday nioniing for Los Angeles, Cal.,
where he was called owing to
deatu of Col. A. I.. Grow, who passed
(way Friday at SaWlelK. The l'u:.er
a! will be held at S.wt.?Me Monday
afternoon, according to advices re
ceived here, and a number of pioneer
Arizonans who reside at the ccasl
will attend in a body.
HAS RETURNED.
Mai. F. E. Shine has returned from '
Phoenix, where he has been on busi
ness connected with the state examin-
ARIZONANS IN BIG FIGHT.
Information recently given out by
Gen. Pevton C. March, chief of staff.
here I to the effect that the Eighty-ninth (Ji-
'n? vision was stationed north of Toul in
dicates thai there were a number of
Arizona toys, some of them from
Cochise, in the recent fighting west of
M'etz. The men first selected for serv
ice and who were sent to Camp Fun
is ton are in this division. Some of
them were transferred to Camp Kear-
trict wish him success in the Novem. ;!,.Y. but maur of them remained.
ber election. j
jGAUPP ENTERS SERVICE.
INJURED WHILE WORKING. I Charles J. Gaupp. widely known
H. B. Williams and Tom JJcDer- throughout Arizona as the energetic
mott, both miners at the Sacramento, j representative of the American To
were accidently injured Friday night bacco company of California, has just
while at work. Mr. Williams struck 'been advised by the war department
TO SHIP BODY.
The body of Charles Coburn, who
died on Sept. 10 from injuries recelv-
oH Oi'oml H a va KofnrA at 1 1 1 o W'nlvor-
ine mine, will be exhumed today by ! tne back of his rl&n nand witn an 1 of his acceptance at Camp Pike for
many and j "'Is wnue cir-img out jimoer una ; tie officers' training camp. .ir. uaupp
the Palace Undertaking company
shipped to
terment.
Chilocothe, Mo., for in-
WAR WORK HOUSE OPENS.
A war work house will be opened
in the Johnson Addition on Monday
and will be open daily from 8 to 5.
Mr. McDermort's little f.Inger "was ; is a military academy graduate, and
badly smashed when caught in be- j served a term in the United States
tween cap and post, l oth men will army, becoming a sergeant at the
be off of work temporarily. time. Mr. Gaupp will report early in
November, giving him the time inter
vening to arrange his business affairs
in Arizona before leaving.
v r . . . .
ill! I'll
i?2 1
ri r y. i.t
9 0 f ! S ri
1; ,
51 E 5ARRISCALE
firm the oi j.p
?A 7 7
TODAY ONLY Continuous: 1 to 11 TODAY ONLY
PARALTA F RESENTS
BESSIE BARRISCALE
in
ONE OF THE MOST GRIPPING AMD INTERESTING
PHOTODRAMAS PRESENTED
IN SOME TIME
Henry Alfred Lewis'
WOLFVILLE SHORT STORY
Dismissal of SILVER
(Of Satuiday Evening Post)
Up"
(In 7 Parts)
PffTT By Monte M. Katterjohn, producer of such successes as
j "Fhrae of the Yukon," Carrrn of the Klondike
! Clod Hopper'' and ethers.
aro
Llovd
Comedy
Slippery
Slim
Comedy
ADMISSION:
Children, 15c;
Adults, 25c
FROM ROAD CAMP.
John Larrieu, one of the guards at
It will afford an opportunity for all , th state road camp near Tombstone,
who wish to work for the cause of ! came .over last evening and will re-1 WANT CASES REPORTED.
the wounded and afflicted in France i main over today. He states that the i Dr. O. II. ISrown, state health of-
Brovn wil! reply that so far there is
but one suspected case to his knowl
edge, a person recently returning
from the coast, and he is far from
certain that this is a genuine case.
Hr.wever. there may be many cases
AN OPPORTUNITY
AVe have purchased the entire cloth
ing: and furnishing stock of B. F. Mil
lard, Bisbee's leading tailor and haberdasher.
20 uncalled for tailored suits. $35
.50
which are not known, for there is no : to $60 values specially priced at $21
law nr even ordef as vet to make re- tn t sr.
and Belgium. Sewing of all kinds I work at the camp is progressing rap- i ficer, has received a telegram from j por(s to tiu. state health department.) 30 uncalled for trousers, valued at
will be done and articles-of wearing ' idly. The work of pouring concrete ' Surgeon General Blue, which indl-; pr. Brown is therefore asking The : $7 to $ Hi, specially priced at $5.95.
apparel made for the Belgians and for the big bridge will be started Jur- j cntes the alarm felt at the influenza ' jeviw to request physicians having ' KOBEVS,
others. A cordial invitation is extend-; ing the coming week. The work of I epidemic which is being combaited , crninB mior,prt d "rases of influ-'i-.t nmuxito pnstoftiee
I with might and main by the federal en,.. to ... ,(1,lort th,m. In this!
authorities. In this telegram Or. I wav l.c ran Pive the fedeml author!-1
ed to all the women of the district to grading will also be completed soon,
come and do their bit. The building i There are now about thirty-five men
adjoins the Shattuck employment of-.n the camp, and more are needed totHrcwn is requested at once to advise ! tjc, tie ai() tj,ey wjr, Tne federal!
fice, having
purpose.
been secured for
the: complete the work and to start the I General Blue of the number of cases
j grading work beyond Tombstone. . of Spanish influenza in this stale. Dr.
U L. Oilman sells the New Er!lson,
"ti.e phonograph with a soul."
today LYRIC THEATER today
di i artment is alarmed for fear influ
enza, which is not in itself a very FOR SALE.
sH'.cs diseas e, will slackeu industry . Nine room house t.omp:etely furn-
noW SO eSSJlthll ill the Successful lhn.l fr,rn.rlv nao.l n Iif..r..itv
! homo. Terms if desired. Mason hill.
i Call 573 Black for particulars. 58
prosecution of the war.
i
CONTINUOUS: 1 to 11
World Film Co. Presents
JUNE 'ELVIBGE
HAVE RETURNED.
Kulph Zetemer. Arthur Notman and C. ft A. Band Dance, Warren Park.
Marcus K. Bailey have returned from j Wednesday and Saturday. Admmla
Tamp Cody. N. M., where they ent alon fO centa. Ladle free. Ad. 740
(he early part rf last week to take I
t ; examination for admission to the J NOTICE TO MINERS AND OTHERS
engineers' corps. They were given I have bought the cigar stand in the
a lengthy written and physical exam- English Kitchen and will seii cigars
; illations, but w ill not know the re-1 and tobacco, etc, at all hours day or
Milt until the pnnprs have been pent night. .
to Washington. They report that j iou W.M. TRUAX, SR.
t apt. M. K. t assidv has Hssumed his
-In
duties thfre ns assistant camp adju
tant, and that he has taken hold like
a veteran, and is bound to make good.
(Additional local on page 6)
Business Locals
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
BIsbeA-Tombstone. Leaves BUbee
Blsbee Anto Co., 7 a. m., 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone Blsbee E. AdT.
CARD OF THANKS
(In Five Parts)
This is the story 3f the way in which a mountain maid wrought the redemption of a
man. It is a story that moves swiftly to a smashing climax. It is corking good screen
entertainment. :. :. :. :. :. :. :. :. :. :.
FLORA FINCH In a Travesty, Entitled
"WAR BRIDES"
(In Two Parts)
I
We desire to express our thanks to
our kind fr!.nds for their sympathy
and kindness during the sickness and jgis'
ui'.uii in our oear iiiimjiiiiu unii miner.
Also for Ix-aut if ill floral offerings.
MRS M A It Y PITZ.
WALTF.R. M. PITZ.
MKS. RICHARD CAYWOOD.
Dr. Playfair, Osteopatn. 93 Maaoa
Hill, Mason car atop. Phona Blue ?
Adr. 231
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as an in
dependent candidate for the office of
sheriff of Cochise county, suhject to
the will of the voters at the fall elec-
on. to be held on November the 5th.
4r,s
ATTENTION
BALCONY, 5c
MAIN FLOOR, 10c
RESERVED SEATS, 20c
All members of Woedman's Circle
are requested to attend the funeral of
the lute sovereign, Mary Stone, it t
2:0 this afternoon, from the Catholic
church.
i (Signed i y.N.. iiA.it r.
CIS Guardian.
FRANK BRIGGS.
I promise if elected an efficient and
impartial administration. 757
AND Theater
FORMERLY ORPHEUM
Continuous from 1:00 to 11:00 p. m.
T-O-D-A-Y
Triangle Film Corp. Presents
Texas Gxiiiian
as "THE TIGRESS" in
un woman"
A TREMENDOUSLY STIRRING STORY OF
HISTORIC AND HUMAN INTEREST
Alsc
"The
"The. Black Sherlock Holmes"
A GOOD COMEDY
Admission: balcony, 5c; Lower Floor, 10c;
Including War Tax
Tomorrow Monroe Salisbury in "THE EAGLE
DAIRY STOCK
For Sale
29 head choice milch cows
HOLSTEIN !
They ran be scon at the Warren
ranch. - miles south or Hisiice. sir.
Holmes, thing on the ranch. willj-
show the stork to anyone Interested.
Call or phone 1 1.". 400
Everything New
OPPOSITE DEPOT
Everything First Cats
The Mosi
U. S. A. HOTEL j
Centrally Located Hotel in Bisbee. Phone Green 46C
ROOMS DAY, WKKK OR MONTH J
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS - 4
Suite Wwi
SOCIETY
SECTION
Edited by
LEE BROWN
SECTION
Edited by
' WILLIAM T. OWEN
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL 21, NO. 87.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND COPPER
GOLD MINERS PROTEST ON
SPOKANE PLAN AS TEMPORARY
REMEDY FOR METAL SHORTAGE
Hold That Temporary Legislation Would Endanger Gold
Standard in United States and That Plans Hitherto Ad
vanced Leaves Big Problem of Producers Altogether Un
solved; Wallace Miner Suggests Remedy in Long Article
Based Upon Letter of CoL Charles T. Kennan.
GFRMANS HASTILY BUILDING NEW DEFENSE LINES IN THE WEST J
Fearful lest their present lines
ill be compelled to give way, the
Germans are feverishly building
new defense lines in France and
.Belgium. In the accompanying
- present Jjattle. line i
HIGH
GRADE
ORE
.The recommendations submitted by the Spokane conference as a means j
of stimulating the production of gold are regarded of doubtful merit even asj
makeshift measures and that is all that ran be claimed for them at best. Tliej
real question of increasing the production of gold to meet new world eondi-j
tlons and to maintain Its position as the permanent standard of value remains!
to be solved, says the Wallace (Idaho) Miner. Colonel Kennan pays his re-.
spects to the sponsors for the Spokane plan in the following letter:
Rapid Decline in Gold Production
Spokane, Wa3h.. Sept. 9, 1918.
Senator Charles B. Henderson, Chairman of Senate Committee on Mines
and Mining. Washington. D. C, Dear Senator: If there were only a few
millions of dollars, or even a few hundred millions extra new gold, needed,
then there might possibly be some sense, in talking of temporary expedients
for increasing the production of gold; but it is many billions of extra new
gold we need, not merely millions or a few hundred millions.
Post-war conditions will make the production of gold rather more ex
pensive than it was under pre-war conditions.
The present annual rate of production .of gold by the United States Is far
tinder $100,000,000 probably not over 65,000.000, and very rapidly decreasing.
The production in 1911 was $96,890,000; in 1912, $83,451,000; in 1913. $88,
884,400; in 1914, $94,531,800, and the gold production of the United States
for the last 40 years amounted to scarcely two and a half billions, and, ot
course, by on means all of that was minted into coin.
For several decades prior to our present world war not enough gold
was being produced for legitimate uses In peace times, and with the moun
tain of war burden now added, to now merely continue quantity production
at what It was before the war spells certain, absolute, and speedy destruc
tion of gold standard.
Several temporary or makeshift war time expedients for Increasing the
production of gold have been proposed by v."ell-meanmg people, le. by bankers,
lawyers, politicians, editors, and college professors. (Spokane was built and
vwill be maintained, banks and all, with mining money. Practically all the
big buildingr. are mining money. The Spokane bankers boast that tfrey have
always refused, do now refuse, and will forever hereafter refuse, to lend
money oh mining securities, yet these bankers are the first to stick their
noses in the air and howl like poisoned pups when the mines do not produce;
enough gold.)
Bonus Is Absurd
By far the most popular of these proposed temporary expedients is the one
that provides that our government shall grant gold miners a "bonus" of about
$L0 per ounce on the production of new gold.
This bonus proposition is perhaps the wildest and most absurd of all. In
the first place, on the face of it, it is bad business for. any government to I smelting charges, and the Critic mine,
give $1.50 for S1.00 and such fool business could not be nursued for anvi being worked under lease by Nola
great length of time. In the second place it would be the rankest kind ofcheck and Hatch, is also JJ'aking reg
class legislation. In the third place, as it would be perfectly manifest toulaJ shipment of the high grade
ii . . . . . v ,. . . . . r . 'copper-gold ores for which the dis-
all that It could be only a temporary expedient at best, no miners would, on tr Decommg famous
the strength of It, go to the large necessary expense of opening up and The Jerry group, near the Little
equipping new gold mines; and those who are now operating would not go; Giant and adjoining the Little Giant
to any large expense to increase their facilities of production. The extra j extension, has been taken over by
: 1 '
I ptePQTt GHENT J, r
J?f Y ztv BRUSSELS isWHAima
j V-VXV1W!V V X ""! AWARDED BY ALL
SS--- --t
rVASOS. S StHtCL fUt -V v torcessooth-
1111
COPPER
SHOWS
HIGHES
T
PRODUCTION YE
J
e. & A. SHOWS
BIG GAIN IN
Tin
HU1
PRODUG
ii
August Total Is Largest in
Company's Entire History;! august output was i62.ow
VIOUS MONTH. AND EXCEEDED
JUNE FIGURE BY CONSIDER
ABLE MARGIN, ALSO
First Eight Months Show
Big Spurt
shown by the heavy black line.
Intertwined with it is the Hinden
burg line (1), the black line with
white dot. The round dots (2)
show the foe's second lice of de
fenae. the diamond Ehapd dots
(3), his third line, and the lr! test
line eastward (f) is the fourth line
which he is now engaged in pre-,
paring. The shaded portion indi-.
catcs territory retaken from the
German.
FROM THE LITTLE '
GIANT Mil, NOW!
f ' J ' ' I
Good Reports Come From
I
Mineral Valley, at Salome j
and Wenden, With Manyj
Propreties Working
Calumet & Hecla Declares
Quarterly Dividend of $15
Per Share Payable Sept 20
Cnlumet & Ilecla dividents tor the past ten years compares as fol
dend of $15 a share. Three months ago $15 was declared.
The divident is payable Sept. 20 to stockholders "or record Sept. 3..
Today's declarations niiike $1,524 a share, or a total of $148,250,000.
Calumet &. Hecla dividends for the past then years compares as follows:
WENDEN, Sept. 21. "High grade
shipping ores at the grass roots 'is
still the slogan down in Mineral val
ley, at Salome and Wenden, and par
ticularly in Cunningham pass, where
the Little Giant mine is making reg
ular shipments of 20 per cent copper
ore. netting in the neighborhood of
$2500 a car, after paying freight and
Paul Sillsdale. representing well-
known Salt Lake people, and consid
eral new activity will be started with
the advent of cooler weather next
month.
The Little Giant mine, formerly
part of the property of the Vindica
tor Mining company, was taken over
by the Black Giant Mines company
of Mobile. Alabama, earl- this year,
when but a prospect. Since that time
a comfortable camp has been built.
new gold, if any, gotten by a bonus law would not be appreciable in amount,
In view of the stupendous amount needed.
Gold miners are not the men who wish to become sorry objects of gov
ernment paternal charity. s
Temporary Expedients
But, manifestly, no temporary expedient or makeshift can produce the
fast amount of gold required, when 40 years of solid work by our gold
miners have produced scarcely the mere bagatelle of two and a half bl'Mrns
ell told.
It takes much time and heavy expense to develop and equip gold mines.
Probably no new gold mine of consequence could commence development, 25 h. p. Fairbanks Morse hoist, four
now and be equipped with mill and in operation be fore this war is ended. drill Ingersoll-Rand air compressor
Even the inane drivel has been earnestly advanced by some that a squad jnd other
of soldiers could dig the required gold in a few days Just as they slaughtered
a few spruce trees for airplanes.
The same simple-minded pinheads advise our government to remit ex
cess profit taxes on gold mines closing down because they can not be oper
ated except at ruinous loss.
Some- no less afflicted with hemorrhage of prophetic wisdom suggest as
a panacea: "The recognition of gold mining as a war industry with special
privileges' as to taxation, priority
labor," etc. This recognition has been officially granted but not a thing is
machinery installed and
considerable development work done,
with the result that the property has
now entered the rank of regular and
profitable shippers and has the best
showing ever opened up in the dis
trict. The property lies right in the Cun
ningham pass, within a few feet of
in rthfnintnp- niinniiPH tranRnnrtatlon and i me iorks oi tne main county nign-
""J. me nimu umi utsing bo ciuse iu
tttA rr r that tViA Hnmn nsu, jAimpj
A whilom Incandescent mining luminary frantically suggests the build
ing of auto truck roads to gold mining prospects, somewhere, to find the
fabled pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.
And some with no less hysterical emphasis advocate the spanking of Gug
genheim which, upon general principles, would seem to the writer more re
sponsible than any of the foregafng other makeshift Mother Goose nostrums
sponsible than any of the foregoing other makeshift Mother Goose nostrums
Stubborn Facts
And the gold miner after escaping from this deluge of brainless babel
finds himself still confronted by two mighty stubborn facts:
1 The ponderously magnificent pile of yellow metal needed.
2 The necessarily long time it must take perhaps two generations of
men to produce this vast supply of gold, even under the most favorable
conditions possible, and with gold standard raised to $33.33 1 3 per ounce of
fine gold.
The magnitude of the present financial crisis is such that a gold stan
dard can be protected and preserved only by raising the price of gold to a
point that will enable and Induce the gold miners to produce the necessary
vast supply of gold within reasonable time.
Temporary and makeshift legislation would simply hinder and vitally
Endanger the steady maintenance of a gold standard.
It is the present duty of gold miners to frankly and promptly express
to congress their opinions as to what price it is now necessary to place oa
gold to obtain the great objective.
The same law that permanently saves the gold miners, permanently
saves a gold standard.
Most respectfully,
CHESTER T. KENNAN.
the former road and ore is loadea
from the ore platform into trucks
standing iu the road. The property
was driven over and walked over by
thousands in the course of the past
twenty years, but very few ever toon
the trouble to step aside and notice
the inconspicuous outcrop where the
main shaft now Is.
The Little Giant shaft is now down
200 feet with short drifts on the 75
foot and 115-foot levels. Consider
able high grade ore was taken out
while sinking the shaft and during
development work, and stopping was
started last month on the 115-foot
level with the result that the prop
erty is now making regular shipments
of high grade, with every indication
that a large tonnage will be produced
above the 115-foot level.
The eighth car of ore is now Ie.ng
shipped and production will continue
at the rate of about a car a week for
the present. The vein where It is
now being stoped averages about two
feet in width of solid ore averaging
in the neighborhood of $100 a ton
gold and copper values. Drifting
will soon be started on the 20-foot
level and a little later the sinking of
.Continued on Page Two)
191S $40.00
1917 85.00
1916 75.00
1915 50.00
1914 7. 10.00
Includes current declaration.
1913 $32.00
1912 42.00
1911 24.00
1910 .'. 29.00
1909 ..: 27.00
Miami Copper company did the un
expected in August by shattering all
previous monthly records for copper
j production running up a total of 5.
I 379.19S pounds, an increase of 5St5.110
j over that of July. This amormt com-
' parei with 5.349,000 pounds in June
ui lasi year, me pretixus u.gn mars.'
Since the beginning of the current
yrar Miami's production has maintain
ed a steady trend, output showing
ts i?ht variations from previous months.
jThis showing is all the more encour
aging when it Is remembered that j
mining companies on the whole are i
handicapped to some extent by the '
prevailing labor shortage. j
For the eight months production to-4
tal 29'65.5S5 pounds, as compared
with 30.151 .Gil pounds in the same j
I Months of last year, an increase of 9.-
) 113,974 pounds. This abnormal in-1
crease is directly due to the fact that I
in July and August of last year labor j
I troubles seriously hit production, the;
(total c"tput for the two months beins
oniy 24i'.i't pour.as. wnicn snouiu
.have" been approximately 10.00.000
! pcu:i;ls.
I'nles some unforeseen event oc
curs before the end of the year. Miami
i should roll up the largest production
j in its history. This Increased output
will help materially in keeping costs
down whith of late have displayed a
! tendency to soar. In 1917 copper
I costs amounted to S.54 as compared i
1 with 6.C6 cents per pound in 1916. This
i year should witness a further advance I
j in cost as wages and materials have i
j jtiuirvej to abnormal levels. I
r ' Last yea Miami reported refined
; copper of 44.208.061 pov.nds and re-
, ceived an average of 2914 cents per
pound. This year the company has rev '
ceived an average of 23V cents in the I
' first six months, and is now getting'
26 cents, which in all probability will i
"fnMnue for the remainder of the year. I
With prospects of approximately 15.-
itou."Cli additional pounds expected in
191S. Miami's revenues should show a !
marked increase. I
CORNELIA BENEFITED
SHATTUCK OUTPUT !
FOR AUGUST WAS j
QUITEJ.0W ONE
WITH EXCEPTION OF JULY, THAt!
OF LAST MONTH WAS LOWEST j
OF THIS YEAR; WILL MEAN
ANNUAL TOTAL OF ABOUT 9,-j
400,000 POUNDS IF ADHERED TO
GONQUISTADORES CO.
SOON STARTS WORK
ON BENSON GROUND
HAS PERMIT TO SELL STOCK AND
IS PREPARING TO GO TO WORK
ON ITS HOLDINGS IN THIS
COUNTY; IS GOLD QUARTZ
MILLING PROPOSITION
LATTER CAMPANY NOW SHOW
ING SATISFACTORY RETURN
UPON HUGE SUMS INVESTED IN
IT BY C. & A. AND OTHER INDI
VIDUAL STOCKHOLDERS
Calumet & Arizona Mining company
reports output In August of 4.376.W'0
pounds Of cepper. an increase of 162.
0'M) pounds as compared with the pre
vious month and 144.UOO pounds bet
ter than the June figure. Compared
with 4.768.000 pounds produced in May
the best showing this year. August
output is a dcrease of 392.000 pounds.
T?ius in eight months Calumet & Ari
zona has produced 33.99S 0i0 pounds,
an average of close to 4.2."i 000 pounds
each month.
Assuming that this average will be
maintained for the remaining foul
montlis of the current year, total pro
ductlon for 191S would be about 51.ot.
000 pounds as against 61.429.0tw
pounds in 1917. In the first six
months of 1918 output totaled 24.40S.
OoO pounds, an average of approxi
mately 4.235.000 pounds each month,
thus indicating a total of 50.Jlii.oi)
pounds for the twelve months, and
figures for Juiy and August would
seem to indicate a final total for the
year of not. much above this amount.
Calumet & Arizona should soon ben
efit from its valuable eq'iity in the
New ComeltT property. Tile latter,
although a separate operating com
pany, is largely owned by the Calumet
and Arizona. New Cornelia began
producing in June. 1317. Recent re
ports of a proposed consolidation of
these two companies were denied by
New Cornelia officials. As New Cor
nelia is now showing a satisfactory
return on the millions expended in the
development cf it hy the Ca'uniet
Arizona managomeut.
Shattuck-Arizona's copper produc- j
tion in August of 682,861 pounds was ,
BENSON. Sept. 21 Los Conquista
dores mining company of Benson,
with one exception the lowest which , ,ofate(, about fourteen north 0j
the company has reported this year. 1 here, has been fuUy authorized to do
In July output amounted to only 672,-! business by the Arizona corporation
024 pounds so that last month's pro-1 commission, and is now prepared to
, .... L. . ' issue stock to subscribers. The min-
duction shows but slight improvement , ,n? prorerty is ,n a developed condl-
Since July of last year when labor tion. there being three shafts upon it:
troubles materially curtailed copper , one of 115 feet, one of 113 feet and
output. Shattuck-Arlzona in only one;on of 80 feet, with a croiw cut tunni-1.
month. March of this year, was able connecting the deepest has its at a
to surpass the 1.000.000 mark, says Jf5 feet. This tunnel is in
the Boston Financial News. "J6, and b"" .bfen TL VZ t
Like most of the other mining com-1 'ent I di?ta"rT .f aboutf
panics. Shattuck-Arizona is handicap-1 '"e 50-foot shaft is in ore rom the
ped by r.Jt!M wo S. r Try
pects tor Increasing the output the . .... . . . , ,.,, ,
. . v. . i ,) In width from eighteen Inches to con-
rest of the year teWtotorrtr on 8i(lerab, wider at ,he DOttom The
the ability of he nianagenj en to get f , y wh,(.h , thf M
more help which has been attracted .i,k i a i- .k(
to other lines of the abnormal wages eKmatlte and rhist dlkes whk.h ,
many places have a width of more
now being paid
Although in July of last year Shat
tuck produced slightly more than 200,
000 pounds, the total output for the
eight months, of this year is still sub
stantially behind a year ago. Up to
and including August the
has produced 6.560.839 pounds of cop
per as compared with 9.010,647 in the
corresponding period of 1917, a de
crease of 2.449.80S. If the August
production is continued for the other
four months, Shattuck will have a to
tal for 1918 of approximately 9.400.000
pounds against 11,935317 in 1917 and
18.161.763 In 1916.
than thirty feet.
Water for milling purposes is near
the property and i in sufficient quan
tity for a Gibson mill of 18 ton ca-
comnanv 1 Pacity, which the company intends to
' 1 .. 1 1 rr 1 . ........ . V. n
iiisum. i urre are nu ui'uii . inc
grounds a complete mill building, an
assay office, a kitchen and dining
room, combined in one structure, and
a substantial head-frame for a hoist
at the 115-foot shaft., together with
about 600 tons of ore on the various
' (I l:nps, which ranges in value from
115.20 to $ SO and more per ton.
! Mining engineers who have examined
im i-
the former showing the highest total wmy oeiween i.os .m,u,,.auUr.-,
since May of last year. i" hfp of tne ri Cre- r'
Lower production this year will be j district.
materially felt bv the company with '
the price of copper fixed, and operat- "Our victorious arms" is a pet
ing costs rapidlv increasing. Last yearll'hrase of the kaiser s, but it's really
it cost 13.24 cents a pound to produce j their victorious legs that deserve the
copperas compared with 8.71 in 1916. j credit New York Kvening Telesram.
This year it Is only natural to expect '
that costs will he higher with ma-1 The great German offensive began
terials and wages considerably above j in .March and ended In Halt. Hmok
those in 1917. lyn Kagle.
ANACONDA AFFECTED
BY LABOR SHORTAGE
IN ITS PRODUCTION
EARNINGS WILL BE LOWER AS A
RESULT, THOUGH LARGE, SUR
PLUS RESERVE SAFEGUARDS
DIVIDENDS TO ITS STOCKHOLD
ERS; MADE 24.90O.CCO POUNDS
SONORA DEVELOPMENT
I COMPANY- PLANS SOON
iTD REORGANIZE SELF
STOCKHOLDERS ARE IN RECEIPT
OF CIRCULAR AUTHORIZING IS
SUANCE OF ONE-FIFTH OF DON
CENARO COMPANY IN PROPOR
TION TO HOLDINGS
was satisfactory for" the month with i ,thif property report a striking si
.h r .k....- who-. .ia.;larity between I.os Conquistadores
BOSTON, Mass., Sept. 21. That
the labor question with the mining
companies is becoming a serious one
is shown by the output of Anaconda
for August which amounted to 24.
900,000 pounds, a decrease of 500.000
pounds from July, 900,000 pounds un
der the June total and 3.500.000 un
der the May total of 28,400,000 pounds.
This makes an actual reduction ot 7.
100.000 pounds in the past three
months when comparison is taken
with the record month, or an actual
average of 2.366,000 pounds per
month.
At the August figure the company
produced at an annual rate of 29S.S00,
000 pounds as against an annual fig
ure ot 340,000.000 pounds in May and
it would appear that if the govern
ment needs copper in the amounts
which are generally understood some
efforts should be taken to increase the
supply of labor.
With a new draft coming on there
will be a still further drain on the
labor supply and unless exemptions
are granted to miners it may be ex
pected that the copper supply cf the
country will be still further depleted.
This, together with the new tax lev
ies, will have a detrimental effect on
the earnings of the e-opper compan
ies. In the case of Anaconda, however,
there is a big margin of earnings
above requirements. Last year with
the production over 80.0iM).000 pounds
under the 1916 total the company was
able to show earnings equal to $15
per share as against about $22 in the
previous year. If the August produc
tion is maintained for the remainder
of the year the earnings should be as
large as those of 1917. for despite tho
labor shortage the fact should be
borne In mind that In 1917 the com
pany had an expensive strike on its
hands which added to the costs and
thus reduced earnings even more than
thu curtailment of production in itself
brought about '
A factor which makes the stock of
Stockholders of the Sonora Deelop
ment company are in receipt of a cir
cular outlining a reorganization plan
whereby the stockholders are to sur
render their holdings and receive one
fifth as much stock in the Don Cenaru
company. a
The capital of the Sonora is $2.5i.:
000. for which $500,000 IVm Gemro
will be issued and the' balance of 2.
000,000 is to be held In the treasury
of the Sonora, which company Is to be
kept alive owing to its favorable char
ter, and the stock used to raise funds
for development work.
A number of the larger stockhold
ers, who received blocks of stock at
the time or organization, have agreed
to a reduction in the one-fifth to w hich
they are entitled, amounting to 96.90"
shares out of a total of 307.COO.
If we do not win the war in 1919.
one gathers from General March, it
will be because we shall win it in
191S. Chicago Daily News.
We have just begun to fisht and
Germany has just bexun to retreat
it may be a mere coincidence. (.'hi
cago iaily News. "
The Germans,-to make the Russians
al'ies, are willing to offer them any
thingexcept Russia. New York
Kvuiin; Sun.
the company look cheap is the large
profit and loss gurphm which has been
accumulated in the past four years.
At the close of last year this Item
amounted to approximately $63,000.
ooo. or about $28 per share. In th
first eight months of the current year
!at least $4 per share additional ha
been added to this thus putting $32
per Rhare behind the stock, or enough
to maintain the present dividend for
four years. It would seem, therefore,
that there Is little chance of the divi
dend being reduced for some years In
the future. At 69 the return on the
investment is over 11 1-2 per cent. TWO
THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1918.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK, Sept. 21. Continued
.strength In the stock market today
illustrated by a further upward rise
in prices, was held :o some quarters
to reflect a stronger investment po
sition. The opinion was emphasized
by the weekly bank statement, issued
after the market's strong close. The
statement showed the expected im
punenient iu, monetary conditions,
the surplus reserves having increased
I40.5S0.350 during the week. This
condition operated to the advantage of
stock exchange borrowers, funds be
ing more freely supplied during the
week, which caused 'an expansion of
$72.64S.G0l) in the loan account. The
scope of the buying movement was
interpreted as indicating some acces
sion of outside orders, which contr.Vi
uted to a comprehensive advance in
specialties of one to three points.
IJea'ings, however, were largely of a
professional character, with more
bcntral buying for the long and short
accrual. The sluggishness ot the
railroads in view of the demonstra
tion of strength elsewhere, was con
sidered disappointing to investment
,.s. bales amounted to 140,000
shares.
u.oerty Bonds strengthened after
an early interval of heaviness, while
foreign issues ruled higher, Paris 6s
again breaking into new ground for
the movement at 96. The general
bond market was steady. Total sales,
par value, J3.97o.000. United States
bonds, old issues, were unchanged on
al! on the week-
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21. Cotton
closed barely steady at a net decline
of 110 to 35 points.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Sfpt. 21. Lowest prices
yet for corn since trading in present
deliveries began resulted today chief
ly from prospects' of sustained liberal
icveipts here. The markej. closed un
settled, l3ic to 2c net .lower with
Oc'ober at $1.4S to $1.48 and 'No
vember at $1.454 to $1.45-
Oats finished c off to 4c up, and
proisicns varied from 17c decline to
10c r.dvance.
The likelihood that the movement
of ccrn to market would increase from
now on seemed clear, inasmuch as
the cumber of requests from the coun
try for shipment permits had broad
ened out, and in a great majority of
eases had specified corn. Other evi
dence, too, was at hand indicating
that an unusual amount of old corn
was still held on farms, and now that
the new crop had become assured was
pressing to he disposed of. Dread of
injury by fitst seemed to be at an
end. barring only the percentage of
r'amage looked for every season. Un
der such conditions the market proved
weak Throuchout the day and received
but little support except from profit
taking shorts.
' Relative strength' displayed by oats
came principally .from continued -export
demandport demand. Sales to ex
porters wsre estimated at 750,000 b'l.
Provisions averaged lower in cons3
Quence of the breaks of the value of
c:m and hogs.
CLEARING HOUSE REPORT-
NEW YORK, Sept. 21 The actual
cor.di;icn of clearing house banks
and trust companies for the wcnk
shows that thev hold $65,535,170 r3
scrre in excess cf iegI requirements.
Thi3 is an increase of $40,580,950 from
last week.
(L. J. OVERLOCK, Broksr)
Cld ing Quotations. Sept. 21, 1918
NEW YORK.
Anacorda 68
American Can 44
Amr-riran Car 85-54
American Locomotive ..65
Amercsn Smelters 78-fc
American Suear 108
P.aldwin S9
I'cthhhcm Steel (B) 82-Vt
C. & O 57'i
C. F. 1 46
raffid's.i Pr.cific 164
Crucible Stee! 65
Centr.il 1 c ither 68
Distillers' Securities 54
Erie 151,
Cencral Votors 117
'"diani Alcohol .116
Marine 27
Marinr, Pfd 104
JTidvalc : 52
M yics"! :?troleum 105
New Yeri; Central .' 72rs
Reading Ss
ere
H
BRAVO
The Drink Supreme
S
BRAVO, a pure, cereal, non-intoxicating beverage fills
th r.Tcd fcr a non-intcxicating drink. It quenches thirst,
relieves fatigue and puts vim into work and pleasure.
ERAVO is a drink for everybody.
In Bottles and
BUXTON-SMITH COMPANY
Local Distributors
LEASED WIRE
I Rubber 60
jRep. Steel 91
jStudebaker 47
If tee!. Pfd 110
feel Com '. ..110
St. Paul 49
Southern Pacific 85
Texas Oil 162
Union Pacific 123
U. S. Marines 42
United Motors 28
V.'estinghouse 43
BOSTON.
Adventure CO
Alloues . , 49
Alaska 3
American Zinc 15
Arizona Com , 15
C & A 66
Calumet & Hecla 460
Calumet Range 46
Chino 39
Fast Butte ...." 9
Granby 80
G. Can to
Goldfield 20
Hancock 5
Indiana 60
Inspiration 54
Keweenaw 90
Lake 5
La Salle 2
Miami 2S
Mohawk 55 L4
Mayflower 2
North Butte 13
Niplssing 8
Old Dominion 39
Osceola 51
Pond Creek 8
Quincy 65
Ray Con 23
Shatruck ..." 15
Shannon v.. 3
P"p: Brston 3
St. Marys 47
Utah Con 9
CURBS.
Arkansas & Arizona V
Arizona Silver King
Arizona Bing 5
Big Ledge ;
Butte & London 15
Cornelia 16
Calumet & Jerome ..."
Con. Copper 5
Con. Arizona 1$,
Curtisg 32
Dundee
Denn .. 18
Emma 2
Federal Oil 1
Gadsden 3
Green Monster
Grand Island 12 i
ciohe Dom
Hull 53
Howe Sound 4
Hecla 4
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper 29
Macma Chief
Miami Con 1
Okmulgee 2
Pitts-Jerome 34
Pcrohvry 60
Rav Hercules 4
Tom Reed 128
Tuolomne 90
United Eastern 3
Verde Extension '. 36
Verde Com
Wolv.-Arizona 1
West End 1
White Caps 13
Wright Martin S
OATMAN. ,
(By CI!in3 and Brethrton)
Arco 04
Adams
Arizona Re
Ariz.-Tom R. 02
Rig Jim Con 05
Foundary. Cone
Go'd Ore 05
Gold Road Bon
Geld Cl'ff ..'
Lucky rtoy
Punnyside 02
TpJlrride 04
Trrrf Feed 1.28
T'r.i ert Eastern 3.75
United Northern ,
Red Lion
.03
.02
.15
.05
.06
.02
.06
.02
.15
.02
,.03
' .06
3 8")
.0?
.15
: OTHER CURBS.
'Gadsden 3.50
I Green Monster 4 .50
Butte London 15 .19
uuuaee .a
Venture Hill .04
Fitts-Jero-ne '. 36 .40
Jerome Verde 50 .56
Ark-Arizona 07 .08
Jerome Portland .17
!ns-Nredes 06 .12
r
it Is
on Draught
Hull" Copper . .' 53 .60
Magma Chief 12 .13
Wolv,-Arizona 1 70 175
Verda Com 50 .62
Miami Con 02 .05
Great Ray . -35
Nacozari Con -Si
Con. Cop. Mines 5.00 5.12
Porphyry 60 .65
Cal. & Jerome 56 .69
Feather River -1'
LARGE WAR ORDER IS
PLACED WITH COPPER
PRODUCERS RECENTLY
In copper circles it. is stated that
some of the largest orders for war
purposes were allotted to the pro
ducers -during the past week for
,the account of this government and
i its allifs.' While-this does not
mean that the producers have not
j received all the orders they could
take care of heretofosft it does in
i dicate that the contracts for future
! requirements have increased, says
the Boston Financial News.
There is practically no demand
I from outside consumers. This con
! dition has been brought ab.out by
the knowledge among users that no
metal Is available for their plants
at present, and that the entire out
! put of the country is beitr, put "mto
! war work. According to the pres
; ent indication this situation will
continue for some time.
i The output of the leading pro-
ducers thus far In September is
j said to have been staisfaetory and
there are many observers who ex- 5
i pect the month to record good in-
creases in production figures, comi j
I pared with the lota's reported for j
August. Weather conditions have ;
! teen favorable for uninterrupted
j work, and this is likely to be re- !
! fleeted when the figures are an- !
; nounced. ' J
HIGH GRADE ORE
FROM THE LITTLE
GIANT MINE NOW
(Continued from Page On)
the shaft continued to open up the
ore bodies at greater depth. The
general character of the ore is sul
phides, bornlte, chalcopyrlte and chal
cocite, but some Cf the most beauti
ful crystals of cuprite, malachite aud
azurite to be found anywhere have
been taken, from 'bugholes" and cav
ities in the ore bodies of the upper
workings specimens that have attract
ed considerable attention from geolo
gists and mineralogists.
Critic Mine
The Critic mine, Just to the west
of the Little Giant, still continues
as a producer for Nolacheck and
Hatch, lessees, and now has a total
production record of about half a
million dollars, all from above the
400-foot level. Some shoots of ore
running exceptionally high in gold
have been struck lately, while the
copper values are always good. It is
reported that., the gold values will
average well above $5u. per ton in
some of the ore recently-shipped.
Wilkinson Group
Work will probably be started soon
on the Wilkinson, or Little Giant ex
tension, property joining the Little
Giant and covering 3000 feet of the
same vein; also upon the American
Flag claim of the Vindicator group
and upon the Jerry group. It is also
reported that the Conrad group and
the Lucas group have been taken over
by Salt Lake and Denver operators.
Word has also been reecived from the
east that the Cobrita Verde people
will resume operations very soon,
probably next month..
Gold Properties Quiet
Very little is doing with the gold
properties and prospects this year on
account of the high cost of mining
and unfavorable labor conditions,
everything having gone up in price
but gold, which has had a detrimental
effect on gold properties all over the
west. Both the Harqua Hala and
the Glory Hole properties have been
closed down for some months and it
is not probable that any new work
will be done on any gold properties
until after the war or until prices
and conditions change.
High grade copper properties, how
ever, especially those having ship
ping ores available, ere going right
ahead and taking advantage of the
high price for copper and, as this is I
a high grade district and a shipper,
it is probable that the coming fall
and winter will be a busy one. 1
THE PLATINUM ADMINISTRATOR.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21. Raymond
. Baker, director of the mint, has been
appointed government platinum ad
ministrator and has started on the col
lection of the precious metal in every
part of the country. Several months
ago the government had issued a com
mandee'nng order, putting all stocks
cf platinum at the disposal of the gov
ernment at a purchase price of $105
an ounce.
All national banks acting as govern
ment depositories, into mints, assay
ofriceg and sub-treasuries, have been
designated by Administrator Baker to
act as collecting agencies. The metal
then will be forwarded to the New
York assay office for weighing and
testing and checks will be mailed from
that office.
REV EW WANT AOS en KG
RESULTS.
All Choked Up With Catarrh?
Why Continue Makeshift Treatment?
b.prays and douches will never
cure you.
Crtt.irrli 15 annoying enough when
it chokes up your no'trils and .1 1 r
rassiftcs, ciusing painful and diffi
cult breathing and other discom
forts. Iiut the real danger comes
v.-hen it reaches down into your
lunirs.
'i'liij :; v.liy you should at once
realize the imnortjr.cci of tVc. proper
l.-t;t: uc:'.t a:'.d Ijjo r.o t;.-.-.o ex
;.e;v.:'.tu'.ni witii ortUkj rcuic-
PHELF8-DODGE CO. EXTRA
DIVIDENDS ARE PAYABLE
SEPTEMBER 30
N. Y. The Phelps-Dodge Co. has
declared the regular quarterly divi
dend cf $2.50 per share, an extra
cast dividend of $3.50 per share
und in addition a dividend of $2
per share from reserve for deple
tion payable in 4 1-4 per cent Lib
erty bonds.
The dividends are payable Sept.
"0 to holders of record Sept. 18.
Three mos. ago $5.50 per share ex
tra was distributed and at this
time last year the extra disburse
ment was $5 50 per share.
VAST RESERVE IN
STORE FOR YANKS IN
FRENCH WAREHOUSES
EVEN SHOULD NO ADDITIONAL
FOOD OR CLOTHING BE SENT
ACROSS SEAS FOR THREE
MONTHS, ALL CREATURE COM
FORTS OF OUR MEN SUPPLIED
TOURS, Central France, Sept. 3.--(Ccrrespondence
of The Associated
Press.) The American army in Eu
rope could be fed and clothed and all
Its ere-ature comforts looked after for
three months If not another pound
ot supplies was secured. This was the
statement made here by officers of
the army quartermaster's department
which directs this mammoth work of
supplies.
It gives an idea of the vast stock
of reserve resources stored In the
miles of warehouses stretching from
the coast inland to the fighting line,
and it is a comforting assurance too
that this huge reserve will be kept
up through the coming winter period
so that the American soldier's warmth,
is well as his food and clothing, will
be fully looked after.
It is a huge undertaking to feed a
million men even for a single day a
million men scattered to a thousand
;oints, in trenches, on battlefields and
camps, and along 300 miles of front
and for a depth of 500 miles. And when
are added housing and clothing, anil
the period is extended through the
winter months of cold and frost, witn
the prospect that another million or
two men may be headed this way be
fore long with these elements one
gets some- idea of the magnitude of
the supply problem for a million or
more men.
Here at the center of the system,
where the receipts are regulated and
the distribution made, there was an
opportunity ot learning some of the
details of how the system operates.
In the. food branch alone it takes
over 4,000,008 pounds of food every
lay to fee.d the army. This prodW
eicus dairy consumption of food em
braces a million pounds of flour baked
into a million pounds of bread every
dav, 875,000 pounds of fresh beef. S75,
(00 pounds of potatoes, 200.000 pounds
if sugar and 125,000 pounds of toma
toes. The pepper and salt for a single
Jay is 42.500 pounds.
Army ctffee is roasted at the rate
of 70,000 pounds a day, and it takes
20,000 pounds of solidified alcohol to
cook this coffee through the month.
The beef is the bulkiest product
used each day, and occupies a daily
race cf 45,000 cubic feet, or about
.he dimensions of a business block, of
olid meat. Flour comes next, requir
ing 25,000 cubic feet of daily space,
apd potatoes about the same.
These are only a few of the main
items. But the list runs all through,
the many requirements of the oversea
army rations, with vast quantities in
each case. Here are some of the oth
er daily items:
Bacon 225,000 pounds, beans 75.000
-o-:nds, rice 50,000 pounds, onions 250,
000 pounds, evaporated fruit 70.000
pcunds, jam 70,000 pounds, milk 62,500
rcun.is, vinegar 40,000 pounds, lard
lO.eoo pounds, butter 31,000 pounds,
sirup 40,000 pounds.
These being included in the over
sea ration, every one of the million
men is entitled to bis full allowance
and U must go forward to him wher
ever he is. So that besides the vast
daily stock there is the question of un
failing daily delivery, first by rail
ways and camion trains and then to
the individual soldier.
Often on the field or in the trenches
he is supplied from marmites or huge
'hfmos bottles carrying hot food for
eight men, and often too the delivery
in the trenches is by the Yukon pack
used In Alaska and by the Hudson Bay
voyageurs and Indians.
Besides this four million pounds of
lood moving forward daily to the
trocr-s, each man carries with him two
days' emergency rations, five pounds
to the man. or an additional five mil
lion pounds cf food for an army of a
million men. Of the emergency ra
tion, carried on the back, there is out
stacjing every day two mil'.ion pounds
cf corned beef and two million pounds
-f fcnrdtark. 3oo,()no pounds of sugar.
621500 pounds of coffee, 20,000 pounds
cf silt and 500,000 pounds of solidified
alcohol for heating and cooking while
cn the mjrr:h.
I
Get your gasoline, oil and all auto
1 accessories at Long Trail Garane.
IS-mday. September 22. 489
flii-s which touch only the surface.
To be rid of Cttarrh, you must drive
the disc.isc genus cut of your blood.
Splendid results have been reported-
from the use of S. S. S., which
completely routs from your blood
the Catarrh germs, for which it is
a perfect antidote.
S. S. S. is sold by all druggist.
It you wish medical advice as to the
treatment ''of your own individual
case, write to-Jjy to Chief Me-licul
Adiscr Swift Specific Co, Dept.
Atlaati Ox.
DISINTEGRATION IN
! SIBERIA DUE TO
! FEELING OF PEOPLE
SHIMONOSEKI, Japan, Aug. 20.
(Correspondence of The Associated
Press.) Returned from a mission In
Siberia, MaJ. Gen. M. Nakashlma of
the Japanese army, affirmed that the
whole of Siberia was In a state of dis
integration, that the people bad learn
ed that the Leninite government was
nothing but a puppet In German hands j
and that their one desire was that the
allies should extend a helping band to
them.
He said that when the question ot
Japanese intervention was to the trout
some time ago, his hotel was besieged
with eager visitors, who seemed unan
.mous in hoping for a speedy realiza
tion of the project of intervention. He
auded: "Among those who appealed
to me for Japanese assistance were
some noble families arriving from Eu
ropean Russia as refugees. A certai
Russian declared that If allied assist
ance was not forthcoming there was
netting for them but to appeal to the
Germans for help, for they could not
leave their lives and property In the
present uncertain state."
The officer said that in Chita te
administrative power had been usurp
ed by German and Austrian prisoners
of war. Of the arming of prisoners of
war there we he be'leved, no doubt.
Among the Bolshevlki troops fighting
the forces of General Semenoff were
some 1,000 prisoners of war.
"Generally speaking," he added,
"conditions in Siberia are as chaotic
as ever. The intellectual classes have
been deprived of their property and
reduced to a most distressing state.
The agricultural classes are without
seed to sow this year and anticipate
with grave concern the advent of fam
ine next winter."
WOMAN WORKS
15 HOURSJ DAY
Marvelous Story of Woman's
Change from Weakness
to Strength by Taking
Druggist's Advice.
Peru, Ind. " I suffered from a dis
placement with backache and dragging
down pains so
badly that at time
I could Dot be on
my feet tsd it did
not seem m though
I could stand it I
tried different ,
If I but an operation i
ifi would do me any
good. My drug
gist told me of !
1 Lydia E. Pink-1
1 ham's Vegetable
vUV ff i' Compound. I took
V !tV' jt result '
(lyV that I am now well
I """I and atroner. I eet
op in the morning at four o'clock, do my ;
housework, then go to a factory and work
all day, come home and get supper and j
feel good. I don't know how many of j
my friends I have told what Lydia E. j
Pinkham'i Vegetable Compound has :
done for me." Mrs. Anna Meteriano, i
36 West 10th St, Peru. Ind.
Women who suffer from any such ail
ments should not fail to try this famous
root and herb remedy, Lydia E. Pink
ham'a Vegetable Compound. ,
3
- 'm -.4 ' m
3 s 1
r'i
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
to Your-
Range Boiler
fiisbee
Registered Bonds
Third Liberty Loan Are
Now Ready for
Delivery
:m i;r iViTi
PAINTS
CJ A GOOD paint is worth what you have to pay for
it and a POOR PAINT is worth nothing at any price.
Mountain and Plain Paint
is the best that is made and every gallon of it is abso
lutely guaranteed by US, and the price is no more.
q Also SPENCER KELLOG Pure Linseed oil. none
better.
Gibson-Hines Lumber Co.
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
BARRETT
Ever-Lastic Roofing
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock.
Bisbec Lumber Co. k
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
IF YOR CAR
IS FOR SALE
-List
GWYANNE
ODOM MOTOR COMPANY, GARAGE
NACO ROAD
Small Commission " Quick Results
Provides abundant supply of
!ot water at reasonable cost.
CI! rtt our Ftore and ask for
Jf ministration, or make re
ffur.si f;r representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
Phone 88
It With-
Heater
III 1
jj " '.
' j
4 1 J THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1918.
THREE
News of Social Circles
A party was given Monday night,
Sept. 1G. in honor of'Max Ashby, sig
nal man on the battleship Arizona.
ho is here on a furlough visiting his
parents, Mr. and Mrs. Wiley Ashby o
Tombstone canyon. Dancing and
games were the pleasant pastimes en
joyed by the guests. Delicious re
freshments then were served, which
tasted mighty good to a naval man.
The guests present were Misses Au
rora Gheana, Pyrdie Gardner, Bernice
Winstead, Leona Bonham, Amy Hun
ter, Mabel Johns, Minetta Hunter, Mo
let Gundery, Gladys Maddern, Olive
Gundery and Catherine Winstead;
Messrs. Jack Whitely. Harold Tutt,
William L. Williamson, Jes9 Jordan,
Harry Legon, Raymond Haggard, Ar
nold Corrin and Max Ashby, Mr. and
Mrs. J. B. Fox of Warren and Mr. and
Mrs. E. J". Ikler were also present.
The St. John Guild will meet with
Mrs. Ivan Eurgess of Higgins Hill
Wednesday afternoon, Sept. 25, at 2:30
o'clock.
The following women sewed at "the
Oarfield school for the A. K. F. W.
Thursday afternoon. Mesdameg John
Chain, Dally, P. K. McGregor, Penny
packer, Bean. Leishman, Hardin and
Rconey.
Mrs. A. L. Boyd, who has been in
vestigating industrial conditions
among women who are engaged in war
activities, will speak in Bisbee this
week. She will make the first speecn
cf the United War Work campaign,
which will occur in November, pre
senting particularly the work of the
Y. W. C. A., with whose work she is
. more familiar than with "that of the
' other organizations, Under order of
the federal government, no work ou
this committee will occur during the
Liberty Loan, so the public cannot af
ford to miss hearing the speakers in
the short rime allowed them.
Miss Edna Joyce, aged 8 years, was
the guest of honor at a fareweil party
given last evening at the residence of
Mr. and Mrs. William Delbridge, by a
number of her little friends who gath
ered to bid her pood by.
A jolly time was enjoyed by all of
the youngsters. Music, recitations
and games were indulged in to their
hearts' content, after which refresh
ments were served, consisting of sand
wiches, cakes, fruits and ice cream.
The table was tastefully decorated
with American flags.
Little Miss Joyce leaves tonight with
her father for Venice, Cal., where they
will make their future home. Those
present were: Lev-erne Graham, Bill'
Todds, Bessie Staler, Lewis Wollman,
Adeline Wollman, Billv Graham, Eve
lin Holland. Willie Holland, Basle
Wollman, Ida Hayes, Leona Wollman,
Stella Holland, Annie Holland and
a number of the parents and neigh
bors were in attendance to enjoy the:
good time.
, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Hennessy en
tertained a number- of thir friends
Thursday night at their home on Claw
son Hill. The occasion was in honor
of Mr and Mrs. Dant Snell of Chica
go, Mrs.Herbtrt Rue Titterton of Bos
ton and J. Applehead Gone of New
York city. During the evening Miss
Hennessy and Mr. Gone, accompanied
on the piano by Mrs. Titterton, sang a
number of songs, among them being
"Send Me a Rose From Homeland."
This song, which has been sung at
Camps Kearney and Funston by Mme.
Sclnimann-Heink, and which is still
- being sung at the various training
camps, is entirely apart from its wide
human appeal and timeliness and has
a singing quality of interest to vocal
ists. Mrs.- Hennessy's guests will re
main here for a few days yet before
leaving for California, where they in
tend to reside for the winter.
A beautiful oil painting, painted
from a copy of the original Mount
Rataer Overlooking Spanaway Lake
in Tacoma, Wash., made by Mrs. P. M.
Williams of Tombstone canyon, has
been donated to the American Fund
for French Wounded and American
Sold Everywhere,
Committee for Devastated France It
is valued at $00, and chances will ,be
sold at 25 rents a piece. The pic
tures will be raffled at the benefit
dance. Sept. 23. at Warren Park.
Those wishing to see this artistic
painting may do 6o at the iSisbee drug
store, where it Is on display.
War Mourning
The question of whether the women
of America will wear mourning for
their dead is being- agitated. To put
on heavy crepe for their husbands,
sons and brothers who fall on the far
off battle fields of France in the
cause of democracy would be to plunge
themselves deeper into sorrow and all
those whom they come in contact
with. True mourning is in the heart
and not in the ostentatious display
of somber garments. In every letter
from the front the spirit of gameness
is most perceptible, but before going
into battle, these soldiers can speak
in the most casual 'ay of "going
west into the great repose of the sun
set." It is instinctively felt that these
lads would never wish those left
behind to be made more miserable by
the depressing reminder of dead
black. .
Then too. they must be viewed in
the light of added expense, for if it
Is the general thing women will spend
the money that could be well used to
a better advantage. People of means
will set the fashion and the poorer
classes will feel bound to follow. The
civilian population must look shoddy
so that the soldiers may have the
best and the warmest materials for
uniforms. Then isn't it up to the
women of America to hide their grief,
bury it deep in their hearts and mourn
their heroic dead by maintaining so
far as possible the cheerful and usual
aspect of every day life.
The wearing of deep black crepe
and the use of bordered stationary wag
originated in England. But toJay the
British women have decided to show
in some other way that their men
have died so gloriously. If mourning
is worn at all, it is much lighter and
not worn for such a lengthy period.
The sane view that personal grief is
not a reason to injure your health and
live a life of melancholy ever after
wards is being seen clearly. Infinite
ly ad are the mothers and the
young wives that lose those most dear
but there are others to be comforted
and tasks to be done. Each day they
are beginning to realize that these
deaths are such glorious ones that
they cannot afford to despair.
At the very beginning of the war
women came forward offering their
services and claimed their share of
the. responsibility, giving time, work
and loved ones. Knowing that the men
of the nation were willing to give
their lives and that she must be as
brave and give way to no selfish in
signia of grief.
Of course nothing can take away
the great loss but it would be un
bearable If that loss didn't bring with
It pride as well as sorrow.
When the men go the women will
be left in this country to carry on the
work to "keep up the morale. Learn
ing new occupations, helping encourag
ing and smiling. Think of what a
disheartened effect it would have upon
the men home on furlough to see the
women garbed in flie conventional
mourning, at every turn. The whole
atmosphere would be charged with
woe.. Calm faces must be shown no
matter how great the pain. All the
energy devoted to nursing the sick and
wounded back to health. Go to the
theaters and entertain the men on
leave to dinner or invite them to tea
at home. Just strive to. take up the
broken threads of life and go on with
an ideal as before.
From France comes beautiful let
ters from the boys of the chateau
that stood in the middle ages covered
with vines and climbing roses and a
moat roundabout with a drawbridge.
In these places thy are-billeted.happy
in Bottles Only
but content only when they know they
I are to be sent to the front to fight.
It would be out of keeping to don
black for these brave chaps. A badge
or symbol has now been suggested as
appropriate for those who have lost
a dear one.
Among the southern races where the
else, there Is a great display of gri"f
at the death of a relative. It is said
that in Spain and Italy women lock
themselves in a room with the blind
drawn and discuss the merits and
the things they might have done, of
the departed. The ancient Egyptians
went to funeral services with bare
feet and their heads covered wit'a dust
and ashes, and during the entire pe
riod of mourning of seventy days
pulled their hair out by the roots. Ter
THE ART OF DRESS.
There will be sufficient woolen yard
age to meet the demands. While there
is no actual shortage of wool, there
is a reason for not wearing it. and that
is it' is too expensive. Among the re
cent models sent over from Paris, suit
coats are not short. Many are below
the knee. The skirts are longer than
last year, and ' reasonably narrow.
There is no fear that much wool will
be used that should go to the sol
diers. Then, too, there are wool sub
stitutes, but, sad to say, they cost
just about the same as wool itself.
The materials are apt to be all silk,
so possess a certain degree of warmth.
There is a tendency to use tricot silk
for the general wear dress, instead
of the eternal serge of "befo' de wah"
days. There is a use of silk and wool
poplin.
Gloveskln velvet is to become one
of the popular all-silk wool substitutes,
and a checked velveteen will come in
for its share of service
The question of colors is a very sim
ple one, for they are to be few, as in
weaves no novelties. The fall and
winter colors will be the good Drown,
navy blue, green and black. Subtle
shades such as taupe may be had,
but they are not guaranteed, and dyed
on special request only.
Serge and suede will be much worn.
Then there is new , material called
feather-weight gloveskln, which is a
wonderful addition to dress fabrics. It
is something between a broauTloth an4
gloveskin, without the high pile of the
gloveskin and with a surface less flat
than that of the ordinary broadcloth. .
Twe'ed for the walking suit will be
the nearest approach to a sport fa
bric for the winter. Good materials
for the tailored EufT are serge and
suede twill. This year the big coat
and one-piece dress will not diminish
in popularity. For the coats fine wool
velours will be the much used material
for winter wear.
HATS.
This is the most interesting topic
in these early fall days, when the
leaves begin to fall and a sudden
chill comes into the air after the sun
sets. Many of the newest hats are
made of stain and the milliners whisper
that this fabric will continue to be
popular. Little, soft crowljud tam o'
shanters of satin or velvet are pbpiilar
at this time. So becoming' and useful
is their puffiness that it will be but
Of Interest to Women j
WEEKLY HEWS LETTER YOUNG
KIEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
The Y plunge opened Tuesday night
and members of the association, have
been thronging there ever since. The
pool has been fixed up in grand style
and with cement and steel lath sides,
tiling and white enamel surrijundingg
present a pleasing picture to the eye
A new spring board hag been installed
while a ventilating system does away
with the steam and vapor from the
heating system.
A swim in Arizona is a rare treat
and the plunge is certainly appreciated
by those fortunate enough to possess
a membership card in the association.
Secretary E. A. Putnam, A. W. Eng
elder, Geo. Cobb and C. F. Willis rep
resented the local Y at the conven
tion for the United War Fund cam
paign which will take place frotn Nov.
11 to 18. There were more than 200
delegates in attendance and great en
thusiasm was shown.
A total of seven organizations were
represented, including the Y. M. C. A.,
Y. W. C. A., Salvation Army, National
Catholic War Confederation, War
Camp Council Service, American Li
brary association and Jewish welfare
board.
The ' geology class will start this
week and as only a small number has
enrolled others desiring to take up
this study should turn in their name?
at once.
Enthusiasm is running high in the
Hi-Y night course classes which are
being well attended. All wishing to
take up studies should get in line as
these courses are free and the best
teachers have been secured to teach
the various subjects
Those behind the Hi-Y night school
course are more than satisfied with
the progress being made in the classes
now in progress at the high school.
A majority of the students have com
menced their work but several of the
classes will not start until next week
and the week after. There is yet
room for more students in addition
:o the 250 now enrolled and if too
ruony students, enroll for any subjest
for one teacher to handle additional
tutors will be provided.
Every effort Is being made to fit
the subjects directly to the needs and
wishes of the students and there is
practically no limit to the studies
which will be taught. The only requis
ite to open a class in any subject is
to secure a dozen or more who wish
to enroll for that study.
Particular emphasis ari made that
rible and awful such grief while it
lasts, but very often it is not so sin
cere as the ruore poignant pm of the
Anglo Saxon who hides it. It takes
courage. Just lots of it. But the dauat
less spirit to bear up and be bigger
than anything that can happen to us
vill scon roins to stay.
Nearly every woman in France is
v raring Mark not heavy crepe cos
tumes, but suits and dresses made of
cashmere and sege. Quiet and in pe--t
'aste. Sensational mourning M
the sort that attracts attention Is con-1
sidered bad taste A breukin-; awav
fr; m eld customs that have almost
gone to seed, a fine and inspiring de
s're t" be equal to t!.e emergency of
the war ry suppressing person.il grief
hascome to the women of the allied
countries.
a few days before -many of the women
will don them. A perky wired bow
directly In the back, an embroidered
motif of Angora yarn or an odd stif
fening of the crown will ever proclaim
the touch of the city and keep the
tam from being commonplace. But
for other hats this season the brim
is again the all important feature, and
while many turn up sharply, just as
many tilt downward, and In either
case a great deal depends upon the
shaping.
One-piece dresses will be worn with
wraps of the same material, sumptu
ously trimmed with fur, unless an en
tire fur coat ia more to ones liking.
Except for very cold weather the fur
coat of short length will be the smart
est, for in these active days of Rel
Cross one cannot be incumbered with
a heavy coat.
Then the embroideries are fascinat
ing, and wool silk or metallic thread
Is worked upon every fabric, while
laces make dinner frocks, combined
with chiffon or net. extremely lovely.
These dresses are prettiest when dyed
a dull tone, preferably smoke, chest
nut or dark blue, and then enlivened
with a chain of vivid Oriental stones.
Many evening gowns have trains that
give yet more grace to the silhouette.
Modest necks and long sleeves seem
to be holding sway in the dinner
gown in these days of war.
State blue tulle makes a demure
evening gown, and taffeta of the same
shade makes quaint bindings, which
are edged with silver. Another gown
of midnight blue, indestructible voile,
with a black sash brocaded with sil
ver, is very fetching. A very lovely
model of Chinese brocade with a fi
chu of embroidered organdie, edged
with a frill of net. One of slate blue
taffeta with a bodice of lace and little
ruff-like collar.
ACCESSORIES.
Tall fur collarettes have a rival In
those of fabric, some being entirely
of satin or velvet, while others com
bine thes imterials with tulle or chif-t-m.
Th.' little vanities that are all
important with the well dressed wom
an are apt tc- have a hat to accotd anj
frequently a bag of the same design.
Upon them is worked wool embroid
ery, worked In Angora yarn. A num
ber of new 'handbags that employ
many heads in the?r making, is one
of the smartest things.
women and girls as well as men and
boys are eligible to enter the classes
and those promoting the free school
are glad to note that so many women
and girls have shown an interest in
the studies by enrolling.
Shorthand in a thorough and com
plete course is being taught with the
Gregg system used. In order to ac
commodate those who have had some
previous instruction it has been pro
vided to have three classes, one for
beginners and another for intermedi
ates and thirdly an advanced class in
word signs, dictation, etc.
The shorthand and typewriting
classes are proving very popular, as is
the bookkeeping course. The next
shorthand class will be Monday night.
While typewriting is also taught at
this time. The bookkeeping course is
very exhaustive and complete with
two and a half hours devoted to its
study and each class night. The next
class in this subject will be Tuesday
at 6:30.
Plans have been made to start the
advanced accounting class Tuesday,
October 1.
This course will include commercial
law and a large enrollment of local
accountants Is expected as this sub
ject will enable' them to improve their
knowledge of the subject and make it
possible for those desiring to enter
government work to nave a much bet
ter opportunity to secure work as sen
ior accountants.
The algebra class will start Mon
day night at 8:10. . . .
The telegraph and radio buzzer
classes are proving very popular and
for those who are contemplating en
tering this work there is room for a
few more students. The next tele
graph class Is Monday while radio
buezer students will meet at the high
school Wednesday night.
The auto repairing class will start
Wednesday night and will be In charge
of a man having had practical experi
ence In this work. He will also teach
lathe and machine shop work on the
same night.
' The basketry and art classes are
finding favor with the members of the
fair sex. Included In the basketry
course will be basket, tray and vase
weaving as well as rug weaving and
a number of other interesting and
useful subjects. The basketry class
will be held Monday night at 8:10.
For the man or woman who wishes
to further his or her education t'le
free classes at the high school pro
vide Just the opportunity and If the
subject -desired is not included on the
present program every effort will h
TOM CAMPBELL
GOVERNOR
WILL
ISBEE CITY
MONDAY,
made by Prof. Bowles to add such ad-1
ditional studies. In order that they
will not get behind the balance of the
class in subjects that ha already
started students planning to study!
should get into the game at the h'gh;
school this week sure.
A battery of typewriters are furn
ished for those studying typewriting
while proper equipment will be on
hand for the free use of students in
all courses. This includes assaying,
geology, physics, chemistry, lathe n?
machine shop work, auto repairing
and all other subjects along mining
and meehanical lines.
C. H. Smoot. who had charge of the
Y. M. C. A. course in assaying last
term and who was employed at that
time by the Copper Queen assaying
office is back in the city after an ab
sence of two months, during which
time he visited Douglas, El Paso and
other cities in the southwest. He ex
pects to remain in Bisbee some time.
BOYS' DEPARTMENT
On last Tuesday the Boys' Depart
ment held a membership rally, which
proved to be a big success. The ob
ject of the rally at this time was to
celebn(te the opening of the pevt
plunge, and to welcome the new sec
retaries, Putnam and Thompson.
Much credit is due to Percy Page for
the excellent program which was
given the boys.
The water's fine at least that is
what 150 members of the boy?., depart
ment had to say after they had tried
out the new plunge at the Y on last
Wednesday afternoon. Of course, it
is Impossible for 150 to go in at one
time, so "first here first served," is
the policy. The boys went in the
plunge room in crowds of about twenty-five,
everyfne had a good time.
The big event of the week In the
boys' department was the joy rido on
Wednesday evening. There had been
some question as to where the bis
camp of next week would be, and in
order to settle It. "Happy" Adams
Robt. Becker. Albert Sutcliffe. Mike
McGraw, Argyle Nelson and Mr.
Thompson, the new boys' secretary
made a flying trip to I-ewis Sprincs
In "Happy's" Ford. Mr. Sutcliffe
claimed to be able to find his way
with the aid of a match, but caused
the happy crowd to get lost, and go
a good many miles out of their wav
.1
and over roads they would recommend
being rebuilt. Mr. Adams hud punc
ture proof tires on his ford, but it
was after midnight before the crowd
arrived back in Hlshee, due to tire
trouble. Also six claim to have had
one big time, and are glad they con
vinced Mr. Thompson that Lewis
Springs is the best camping place
within twenty miles of Bisbee.
If you had been near the boys' de
partment this morning about 6 o'clock,
you would wondered if Pancho Villa
or some other Mexican bandit had at
tacked Bisbee. Such was not the case,
it was only the tn'mt-i of th lo
FOR
vr
in . ri.nn i - - i r - -i " -
OPEN THE CAMPAIGN
SEPTEMBER 23,
MUSI C
department getting ready to go on
their camping trip at Lewis Springs
We are informed that a truck load
of grub and blankets was taken out
to the camp yesterday. The boys
will undoubtedly have a good time, as
Mr. Street of the Bokeus Cattle com
pany has told them to make them
selves at home. There will be about
twenty-five boys out lit camp, and
some of Dr. Harshman's boy scouts
from Lowell troop will go witn the
"Y" bunch.
The boys' department is very glad
to welcome to their number, Elmer
Jesk, and Lloyd Sullivan, two new
boys who have taken out memberships
in the past week. With the plunge
ready for use and the boys' secretary,
the department should have many new
members' iu the coming months.
Argyle Nelson, one of the Bisbee
high school football boys also presi
dent of the boys' cabinet of the boys'
department, left for Santa Monica.
Cal., last Friday. Everyone Is sorry
to see Argyle go. a? he 13 a dandy
good fellow, and they wish him much
success in his new home ar.J school.
The Churches
Rev. H. S. Cory, synodical superln-
tendent, will preach at Don Luis at
- c v. t,i..i
11 a. m.. South Bisbee at 3 p. m. and
Warren at S p. in. Patriotic service
at Warren.
Sermon theme: "Are We Ready
For Victory?"
Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ
of Latter Day Saints, opposite War
ren Laundry.
Sunday school at 10 a. m.
Preaching at 11 a. m.
Prayer meeting at 230 p. m.
IVeaching at 8 p. m.
Everybody invited.
Christian Church, Sept. 22.
Mihle school, lit a. m. Itring your
friends and come.
Morning service, 11 a. m.
Sermon theme: "Whore There
a Will There Is a Way."
Services at City Park at 5 p. m.
Sermon theme: "The Need of the
Age."
Evening service, 7:H0 p. m.
When Captain Kidd
Scuttled His Ship
buried his treasure and turned
respectable, he got a house and
furnished it thru an Ad in The
Review Classified Columns.
PARI
8:00 P. M.
Sermon theme. "Trial of Jesus."
Last of the "Knowing Jesus' ser
mons. Prayer meeting Wednesday even
ing. 7:30 p. m.
William Matthes, pastor.
First Baptist Church Sunday
schoo at 9:45 a. m.
vVe have a class for you.
Morning service. 11 a. m.
Theme: 'Doing Good."
Preaching and song service in City
Park at 5 p. m.
Junior and senior B. Y. P. V. at
6:45 p. ni. Groop No. 4 will lead.
Evening service at 7:45 p. m.
Theme: "The Greatest Question
in the World."
Bible study. Wednesday, 7 45 p. m.
You are invited to Join us in these
serricej.
H. C. Compton, Pastor.
Christian Science Services -in War
ren Christian Science services are
held every Sunday in the old Warren
company building. Tenner and Ari
zona streets.
Services Sunday, Sept. 22. at 11:30
iu the morning.
Subject: "Matter."
The p'ib'Ic Is welcome.
The Presbyterian
Kent "f-
church. Sunday,
Sunday school. 9:45 a. m.
Morning worship. 11 a. m.
C- . . . I . i-Tk r l A . I.
. luo ul -u"
seccnj .vine.
Evening worship, 8 p. m.
Sermon topic: "Seeking Our Own
Company.'
Allan Krk'hbaum, Pastor.
BISHOP IN VLADIVOSTOK.
TOKIO. Aug. 12 Bishop St- Georse
Tucker of Kyoto, who represents the
Amedcan Episcopal church, has gone
to Vladivostok as a delegate of the
America Red Cross. Bishop Tucker
tins been asked to investigate the con
dition of destitute civilians in the re
gion between Vladivostok and Irkutsk.
BRITISH HERO KILLED.
LOMKIN. Aug. 7 The death is an
no;nced of IJeutenant Drury, who
earned the Victoria Cross in GalliixU
s for swimming from the warship Clyde
to the shore with a rope while under
heavy fire.
l.ieutfnpnt Drury was killed by the
fall i f a block from the end of a der
rick wliich struck him on the head. FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1918.
EXPOSE OF RUSSIAN RULERS
AS AGENTS OF HUN IS MADE
BY OUR STATE DEPARTMENT
Most Remarkable Group of Documents Published Since
Famous Zimmerman Series Was Made Public by Wash
ington, Show Absolutely That Lenin, Trotzky and Their
Associates Are and Have Been in German Pay Since Be
ginning of Internal Troubles in Torn Nation
notable. This letter indicates that he
had the confidence of Germany.
Have tTie original letter.
ROLE OF THE RICHSBANK
The following documents show in
detail how the German government
financed the Russian Bolsheviki (evo
lution through the German Imperial
bank. 1
They show what rewards the Ger
man financial and industrial Interests
demanded in return for the German
support of the Bolsheviki. And they
show how the Bolsheviki betrayed
their own followers and abandoned
the preaching of their social revolu
tion wherever the Germans ordered
that it should be abandoned.
DOCUMENT NO. 11.
(Reichsbank, No. 1237S, Berlin,
Dec. 2S. 1917.)
Resolution
of conference of representatives of
the Genmm commercial banks con
vened on proposal of the German dele
gation at Petrograd by the manage
ment of the Imperial bank, to discuss
the resolutions of the Rhine-Westpha-lian
Industrial syndicate and Handel
stas. 1 All loans are canceled the bonds
of which are in the hands of German,
Austrian, Itulparian and Turkish hold
ers, but payment must be realized by
the Russian treasury in the course of
a 12-nionths' term after the conclusion
of separate peace.
2 The purchase is permitted of all
Russian securities and dividend-bearing
paper by the representatives of
the German banks at the rate of the
day on the open market.
3 After the conclusion of separate
peace, on the expiration of 9(i days,
there are re-established all the shares
of private railway companies, metal
lurgical industries, oil companies, and
chemical pharmaceutical works. The
rating of such papers will be made by
the German and Austrian stock ex
changes. A There are ;j-'iii-hed and for five
years from date of signing peace are
not t) be allowed Eiir'Iish. French and
American capital in the following in
dustries: Coal, metallurgical, ma
chine building, oil. Chemical and phar
maceutical. 5 In the question of development
in Russia of coal, oil and metallurgical
l-ramhes of industry there' is to be
established a supreme advisory organ
eonsistliig of 1U Russian specialists,
10 from the German industrial or
ganizations and the German and Aus
trian banks.
6 The Russian government must
not interfere in the region of ques
tions connected with the transfer to
the benefit of Germany of two mining
districts in Poland iiombrosky and
Olkishky and to Austria of the oi'.
region in Galicia. The transfer of
the latter wiil be only in the form ot
limitations of the right of making
claims, land allotments and applica
tion of capita! for the production and
refining of oil.
7 Germany and Austria enjoy the
unlimited privilege of sending into
Russia mechanics and qualified work-j
men.
8 Other foreign mechanirs and :
workmen during five years after the !
conclusion of peace between Russia
and Germany are not to be allowed to
entr at all.
H The statistical department of
producing and manufacturing indus
tries with the corresponding govern
ment organ must be controlled by
German specialists.
10 Private banks in Russia arise
cnly with the consent and recording
to the plan of the Union of Genua
and Austrian banks, whereby the
rating of the stocks of the banks on
all exchanges of the new and old
world will be handled by the group
of the Deutsche bank.
11 At the ports of Petrograd, Arch
angel, Odessa, Vladivostok and . Ba-
tum will be established, under the
leadership of specialists from Ger
many, special statistical economic
committees.
As regards the tariff, railway and
shipping rate policies to regulate the
Russo-German-Austna trade relations,
this part of the economical treaty will
te discussed by the special tariff coun
cil of the Handelstag. Chairman von
Grenne;r; Secretary Berenbluet.
NOTE The penned indorsement on
the photograph copy of the resolution
is "Chairman of the Central Executive
Committee-Commissar Meyslnnsky re
quests that this resolution should be
taken under advisement and to pre
pare the ground in the Soviet of the
Workmen's and Soldiers' Deputies, in
case the Council of People's Commis
sars will not accede to these requests.
Secretary R. Raskin." Menshinsky is
minister of finance. AH of these items,
whclly punitive to American, English
sind French capital, could lurk in the
secret action in the present German
Russian treaty. I do not know the
fate of the resolution on this, its early
winter appearance.
Have besides the notated photo
graph a printed copy of this circular.
DOCUMENT NO. 12.
(Gr. General Staff, Nachrichten Bu
reau, Section R, No. 7S0, Feb. 25,
191S.)
SECRET.
To the chairman of the council of
people's commissars: Afier confer
in g witii the people's commissar, Trot
sky, I ave tfco honor to ask you tv
vet fen ire at Stafka, Commissars
re!cra!ed and Kalmanovich, thai
tfciy s'lO'.id work as fo.merly in (cm
plete independence and without the
knowledge of the official staff at
Stafka and the general staff in Peters
burg, and particularly General Bonch
Uruevich and -the secret service of
the northern front, communicating
only with the people's commissar,
Lieut Krilenko. For the head of the
department, R. Bauer; adjutant, Buk
holni. NOTE: Across the letter is written
'Iuform Moshlov, i. G." (Gorbunof's
initials). In the margin is written
"Passed on to the commissar of war.
M. Skripnik." The significance of this
letter is that it to Lenin; that the two
chief secretaries of himself and the
council passed it on for actlonj and
that Trotsky and Lenin on Feb. 27
were continuin? to hamper the Rus
sian commander at a moment wne
the German army was threatening Pt
trcgrad. Mosholov was one of the
commissars on the staff of Krilenko,
the commissar representing the coun
cil cf commissars in the command
of the Russian military forces. His
achievements as a disorganizer were
DOCUMENT NO. 13.
(Gr. General - Staff, Nachrichten Bu
reau, Section R, No. 753. Feb. 25.)
VERY SECRET.
To the Chairman of the Council oi
People's Commissars: According tq
reports of our secret service in the
detachments operating against tne
German troops and against the Aus
trian Ukrainian corps, there has been
discovered propaganda for a national
rising and a struggle with the Ger
mans and their allies, the Ukainians
I ask you to inform me what has been
done by the government to stop this
harmful agitation. For the head of
the department, R. Bauer; adjutant.
Henrich.
NOTE Across the top is written
"Urgent, to the Commissars of War
and Special staff. M. Skripnik." The
last sentence is underscored, and in
the margin appears a question mark
ed, initialed "L. T." The first is Le
nin's order through his secretary and
the second may possibly be taken as
Trotsky's opposition to any action
The loss of the Ukraine by counter
German intrigues was a sore point in
prestige with him. nut his essential
obedience to Germany was. not less
I REoVk Funl on1
Feed Company .
ph
one
121
Office' Below Copper Queen Hotel
We have to offer and for sale to the
public COAL and WOOD as follows
AMERICAN BLOCK COAL, per ton $17.00
COLORADO NUT COAL, per ton $18.50
WOOD, Juniper and Oak, long cord ....$14.50
WOOD, Juniper and Oak, sawed $16.00
And we urge that you buy and store your winter's
;;-.:.ply NCV and not take chances on a shortage
wriicn is possible. Our government urges it too.
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Olf.'cc P-r low Copper Queen Hotel
Have original letter.
DOCUMENT NO. 14.
(G. G. S.. Nachrichten Bureau, Section
R, No. 278-611, Feb. 7.) .
To the Commissar of Foreign Af
fairs: According to information of tVe
secret service department it has been
ascertained that the promise given
personally bv you, Mr. Commispar, in
rest-Litovsk, that socialistic agitation
al literature would not be circulated
among the Gernmn troops is not being
fulfilled. Tell me what steps will
te taken in this matter. For the head
of the department, R. Bauer; adjutant,
Henrich.
NOTE Brusque words - to the for
eign minister of the Soviet govern
ment of Workmen, Soldiers and Sail
ors of the Russian Republic, delivered
not by an equal in official rank, but
bv the deputy of a German major at
the head of an information department
of the German government. Did Trot
sky resent or deny the imputation?
Instead he wrote with his own hand
in the margin, "I ask to discuss it.
L. T." Thus he admits that he did
eive the promise at Brest-Litovsk." The
question raised concerns only the
measure of obedience to be required.
DOCUMENT NO. 15.
(The counterespionage with the Stav-
ka. No. 311, special section, Jan. 29,
1918.)
A WARNING.
To the Chairman of the Council of
People's Commissars: The counter
espionage at the. Stavka advises that
at the front is being spread by un
known ffitatc.r thr following coun
known agitators the following counter-revolutionary
literature.
1 The text of circulars of vari
ous German government institutions
with proofs of the connection of the
German govevu)iiu;t with the . Iiol
sh3vik workers before lltl passing of
he government into their bands.
These leaflets have reached also tne
German commanders. The supreme
commander nas received a demand
from Gen. Hoffman to stop this dan
gerous agitation by all means possible.
2 A stenographic report of the con
versation of Gen. Hoffman with Com
rade Trotsky, whereby it was sun-
poscdly proposed to the latter to make
peace on conditions of considerable
concessions on the part of the Cen
tral empires, but on the obligation
of the Russian government to stop
the socialization of the life of the
state. Comrade Trotsky supposedly
offered the termi-iatioii cf the war
ithout peace and the demobiliza
tion of our army. Whin Gen. Hotf-
nian announced that the Germans
wduld continue the advance, Trotsky
supposedly replied: "Then under the
pressure of force we shall be forced
to make peace and fulfill all de
mands."
This document has created indigna
tion among the troor. Against the
council of people's commissars are
heard cruel accusations. Commissar
S. Kalmanovich.
NOTE This letter is a warning of
the slow rising, but coming storm that
will sweep these boldest pirates of his
tory from the country they have tem
porarily stolen. To get a real under
standing of the mear.iig of the second,
and important section oi the letter,
it mu-t be pointed out ihal until Feb.
1 the Hussian calendar v.t3 13 das
behind the western European calen
dar. The real date of this letter there
fore is Fnt 10 This is the date
Trotsky's "No peace; no war" pro
nouncement was made a Brest-L i
ovsk. The news of it did not reach
even Petrograd until the next day. Yet
cn that day printed circulars were be
ing distributed at the front stating
that Trotsky bad agreed to do the
very thing he did do, and giving an
augury of events that did take place
a week later when Germany did begin
its advance and when the Bolsheviks
did tuliill ail demands. The fact is
that simple truth was being told. Nor
is the means by which it was secured
at all obscure. A few daring and
skillful Russians had foumd a means
to get information from Brest-Litovsk.
The circulars referred to in tho first
paragraph are of course those already
familiar to Washington from Febru
ary dispatches.
The following naive comment adds
to the attractiveness of the letter,
"The committee for combatting the
counter-revoluion states that tbete
tirrulars were sent from the Don, and
the stenographic report was seized in
transmission irom Kieff. Its origin
is undoubtedly Austrian or fro'm tne
Ra.ia. M. Skripnik.
Have photograph of letter.
AMERICAN DESIGNS
WIN RECOGNITION
AMONGOUR ALLIES
NATIONAL INGENUITY COMES TO
RESCUE OF OUR FORCES IN
FIELD TO IMPROVE DESIGN OF
OUR ORDNANCE AND ALL .ITS
APPURTENANCES
CENTRAL FRANCE. Sept. TV
(Correspondence of The Associated
Press.) American ingenuity is fast
making itself felt in the construction
of field guns in the vast workhouse of
the ordnance branch of the American
army here.
One of the American designs which
has won strong favor with the French
experts is tne 'split trailer which
sent here by Commissar Trotsky.
Von Weine, with a Danish pass
port in the name of Hansen, a mer
chant of Copenhagen ,is to proceed
to England.
Baron Schilling is ordered to the
United States of America with a Nor
wegian passport in the name of Dr.
Joseph Brun.
Gruenwaldt has instructions to pro
ceed to France with a Russian pass
port in the name of Ivan Kalnin.
The remaining persons are to make
a journey through Finland and Swe
den, supplied with papers from the
German staff, in order to follow up
the counter-revolutionary work oi
countries allied to us. Chief of
Counterespionage Feierabend.
Note. A young German who said
he was a deserting officer and that his
name was Mayr, sought the aid of
the embassy, the military mission and
myself in getting to America. He was
a good-looking young Prussian, had
lived in New York, spoke English with
very little accent, and, claimed to have
been converted to the president's
views on peace requisites. He said he
had walked across the lines as a de
serter because he could stand no moer
of German war and that he wanted
to go to the United States to talk
and write against Germany. I was
not receptive. He said he was a lieu
tenant. There is no record at our
military control office in Christiania
of a passport to Dr. Joseh Brun.
Have photograpt of letter.
DOCUMENT. No. 16
I
J
, (Countercbplonage. Slavka, Jan. '.
j 1018, No. 215 )
i To the commissariat of" foreign
affairs: We hereby advise you of the
j arrival in Mogilev of the following
I German officers, who are being or-
dered to England. France and
America:
i Zanwald. Von Weine. Pahat. Mayer,
j GrueivaMt,"" aid aBrsi Sci:'.:-j:s
They hav beon granted passports.
DOCUMENT No. 17
(Commissar for combating the counter-revolution
and programs, No. 32,
Jan. 5, 1918, Petrograd.)
To the people's commissariat for
foreign affairs: The plenipotentiary
commissar for combating the counter
revolution and Comrade Antonoff re
quest the commissariat for foreign
affairs to issue passoprts for going
to Denmark to the following com
rades, who are going to the- allied
countries to conduct peace propa
ganda: To England are going: Comrades
Adolf Pavlovich Ribba, Ilia Julie vich
Uritski, Vladislav Antonovich Dash
kevich. To France: Rimma Lvovno Or-
lovna, Vladimir Konstantinovicb
Schneur.
To America: Isai Borisovich Kahn,
Mark Vlasievich Gritsker, Sofia Ar
turovna Mack.
All the named comrades will visit
at Copenhagen the premises of the
staff, where they will receive neutral
passports for the trip to the named
countries. At the disposal of the dis
patched will be placed the necessary
means for combating in the press
with the imperialists of England,
France, and the United tSates. Their
coniidential addresses will be trans
mitted to you later on the arrival of
the named comrades at the places of
their destination. Authorized com
missaries: A. Schilinski, F. Zubert.
Note. Trotsky indorsed this note
"To be urgently executed. L. T."
The plan of peace propaganda cam
paign in the allied countries is plainly ,
outlined. These . oBlshevikl-Gennan
agents will preach international oBl-
shevism and will charge the countries
at war with Germany with tho very
imperialistic offenses of which Ger
many is guilty. This also was the
method used ill Russia by the Bolshevik-German
press in attacking the
United States, England, and France.
In the formula of this propaganda im
perialism relates not only to territory
but to business enterprises. The
agents listed above likely sought en
trance under different names. They
and the centers from which they work
should be recognized, however, by
their words and their works. The
commissars who sign are members of
commission for combating the coun
ter-revolution, i
Hmvp nhntnirranh nf Intter. 1
extends back of the gun from the
wheels down to the ground. From the
earliest days, of gunnery this trailer
has been a single piece. But the
Americans have split it in two from
the ground up, so that two great legs
spread out backward from a cannon.
The results have been astonishing
permitting an ordnnry field piece tq
be elevated to t0 degrees, or almost
straight up.
The American design has now been
adopted as the standard French mod
el, and it is going Into all tin; new
guns made ut French arsenals. Off!
cial photopraphs made by the ord
nance branch are now going forward
for public exhibition in America show
ing this split trailer firing at an ele
vation of 73.40 degrees.
Here could be seen also every form
of the death-dealing machine gun
which became such a formidable wea-
pen in the present war.
"This is an age of mechanical war
fare," said the officer as he pointed
out the different types, French, Engish
and American, as well as German and
Austrian. "There were no machine
guns used in the Civil war; only a few
in the Spanish-American and Boer
wars; more in the Russo-Japanese
and Balkan wars, and now they have
developed to a foremost place as an
effective and deadly means of war
fare." Most of the nations are making two
forms of these machine guns, the
heavy type weighing about 30 pounds,
mounted on a tripod and drawn by a
mule, and the lighter automatic rifle,
weighing about 15 pounds, fired from
the shoulder like an ordinary rifle, and
carried by hand, as it is not much
heavier than the standard 10-pound
rife. Botf types of these guns fire
steady streams of lead, as the belts
of bullets are fed into the reservoirs,
the only limit being the amount of
ammunition which can be carried.
With each automatic rifle are three
men, one to fire and two to keep np
the steady feeding of ammunition.
The new type of American machine
gun makes a favorable appearance in
this array of makes from all the na
tions. It is coming over in large quan
tities now, and most of the American
divisions now arriving come with their
machine gun sections equipped with
the new American model. At the
trainlna camps the tests have given
the best results, but the real test of
battle aclon Is still to come, as most
of the divisions on the fighting line
obtained their machine gun equipment
before the new model was ready.
In this same arsenal one could com
pare the rifles and bayonets of all the
combatant troops. The American bay-
inet looked like a long, sharp-edced
knife. But the French bayonet was
more like a slender rapier, two feet
long and without cutting edge, meant
for stabbing. The Russian bayonet
has no sharp point, but is like a screw
driver with a flat edge, cutting and
stabbing at the same time.
And besides the gun3 of all kinds
is the ammunition stored in vast quan
tities in arsenals and warehouses and
in huge parks and ammunition dumps
all the way from the coast up to the
lighting front. The great stacks of
shells are very orderly in arrange
ment, each stack representing a car
load, and each graded by caliber and
lot number. Each lot ot shells differs
slightly in power, and the only way
to insure uniform accuracy in the fire
of a battery is to keep it supplied with
the same lot of shells.
Separate from the shells, are the
fuses and grenades, kept in small de
tached lots, owing to their highly ex
plosive character. In one of these
grenade dumps there were 18 differ
ent kinds of gas, hand and rifle grenades.
City Dye Works
Cleaning and Pressing
Phone 739
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
HENNESSY
Undertaking 'Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
DOCUMENT No. 18
(Gr. General Staff, Central Depart
ment, Section M. No. 951, Dec. 20.
1917.)
Secret Department Affair 31-a
To the commissariat of foreign
affairs: According to the negotia
tions between the Russian and Ger
man peace delegations at Brest
Litovsk. the Russian section ot the
German general staff have the honor
to request the hastenin got the de
parture of agitators to the camps of
Russian prisoners of war in Germany
for the recruiting of volunteers, who
will be sent to the English and
French troops for the purpose of ob
servation and peace propaganda.
Simultaneously, the staff requests
the following sailors to he sent to
Germany: Shishko, KKirshu, Mutviev,
and Dratcliuk. They will receive
special instructions when traveling
through Brest-Litovsk. Chief of the
Russian Section German General
Staff. O. Hansen; Adjutant. IT Wolff.
Note. T his request was referred to
the comnii.ssiariLils on military and na
val affairs A marginal question atked
by E P (probably PolivanotO: Is
"Drati link at Htat-k SM?" He was at
i Sevastopol and may not have hren
tent. Th others went, visited the
ramps tor war prisoners in German?,
and then returned to Russia Shisko
in February was Couimisb.tr cf the
Kaa'. College :i PofrcMd
Have photograph of letter.
MONEY TO LOAN
Watche, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE :: BREWERY GULCH
1 JUL
Repair and Renovating
RECTORY
Of Warren District
HOOVERIZE ON YOUR OLD CLOTHES
Let us mend, repair and clean
your suits so they will look like new.
THE QUALITY TAILORS
Main Street Satisfaction guaranteed Bisbee
GATES HALF SOLE TIRES
Will give you 500 more miles - when your original
tires are worn out. Let us show you these mileage savers.
J. O. Main. Prop. LOWELL MOTOR CO. Lowell
ALTERATIONS "
If you have garments that you wish altered to meet
the new styles; bring them to me, now. Repairing, clean
ing and pressing.
FRUITMAN'S FASHION SHOP
Opposite Eagle Theater Bisbee, Ariz.
WE REBUILD YOUR WORNOUT TIRES
A Hyde & Strack Retread on a worn out tire saves
you at least one-third the price of a new tire, arid will
make the tire repeat its original mileage. We absolutely
guarantee all the work. Nothing but the best material
and workmanship.
HYDE AND STRACK
Johnson Addition Experts in Tireology Phone 859
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
, AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte price.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner front
t : . J lo 7 : 20 p. zn. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
' Henry Poppen, Manager.
LITTLE
A SERIES OF
TALKS
YOUR
ABOUT
FORD owners have the satisfaction of
knowing that they can go anywhere
that, any car can go and a lot of places
most cars can't go.
But if you've been careless with your
Ford if you've let it get into bad condi
tion you certainly invite trouble if you
start on a long trip without putting your
car in tip-top shape.
It will cost a lot less to do your "fixing"
before you start. If you are not in posi
tion to overhaul your car yourself have it
done by someone really competent to do
it.
As authorized Ford dealers we are very
much interested in helping Ford owners
to get all the service from their cars that
hey should get.
It is this interest that we naturally take
in Fords and Ford owners which makes it
advisable to have us do all Ford work
which the owner cannot do well himself.
Hood & Bledsoe
Phone 6SS
Bisbee
HOW ABOUT YOUR OLD 5
TIRES?
mm
l?i ! J- tt . l.S ' 1 .V
VWni A. TV fev : ik phone yj
We Rebuild Your
Wornout
TIRES
A Hyde & Strack Retread
on a wornout tire gave you
at least one-third the prico
of a new tire, and will malt
the tire repeat Us original
mileage. We absolutely
guarantee all the work.
Nothing But
ttriala and
tha Beat Mi-Workmanahip
HYDE & STRACK
Experta In Tlreolojy
Johnson Addition THE BISBEE DAILY, REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1918.
FIVE
t
3
i
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisements luust reach The Review office not later than S p. m. for Insertion in next morning's paper.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED 250 Common laborers,
$4.12 a day, to ship to Nitro. West
Virginia. Transportation advanced.
Will ship Monday or Tuesday. Re
port U. S. Employment Service,
Douglas. 4S7
PRESSMEN We want reliable and
aggressive pressmen to sell the
Prince Automatic Vibrator for four
inch perfecting distributor on Gor
don platen presses. Easy seller with
large commission. Act quick for ter
ritory. X- Bessing, 437 Merch. Nat.
Bk. Bldg., Los Angeles, Cal. 470
WANTED Butchers. Tovrea-s mar
Sot. Apply Bisbee office. 207
V A. ED Boy. One who wants to
a the men's clothing business,
..jo irom 15 to 17. Splendid chance
iui advancement and good pay to
start See Mr. Benuet at the Fair
, tore. 467
A til l tj TO ill. C A. OCUOOI, IMS
jvuficiea, ' auoui auiu, nauio, ei'iu
uieiciai anu cugmeeri-is courses.
irtuc ior service.
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Chambermaid. Apply Ho
tel Letson, Main street. 467
WANTED Ten bright capable ladies
to travel, demonstrate and sell well
known goods to establisned dealers.
$25 to $50 per week; railroad fare
paid; weekly advance for traveling
expenses. Address at once Goodrich
Drug company. Dept. 131, Omaha,
Nebr. 46a
Positions Wanted '
WANTED Position by experienced
nurse. Phone Blue 7o7. 4'j2
WANTED Work, by girl IS years
old. Would like to start in store
and learn clerking or can do house
work. Address G., Review. 473
WANTED Worb by woman in board
ing house. C. M. L., care Review.
4S6
TRAINED NURSE And hospital
steward (male) will furnish car if
patiant able to be out. Black 704,
in mornings, or address H. A. C,
Box 114. Bisbee. 425
' For Sale
FOR SALE Typewriter, L. C. Smith,
No. 0, visible. Two color ribbon,
tabulator attachment. Good condi
tion. A bargain at $35. Thos.
'Henry. Phone 710. 4S3
FOR SALE Oliver typewriter, A-l
condition. Type good as new, $20.
t 'Can be seen at the home- of 0.T"N.
Baker, Winwood addition," or write
G., Review. 472
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE Five
passenger touring car in good con
dition. Will sell or trade for land
in San Pedro or Sulphur Springs
valley. Inquire at McWhorter's ice
cream factory. . 474
FOR SALE Bedroom and porch fur
niture. A bargain. Phone 464. 47S
FOR SALE House, Van Dye street.
Warren. Carl McConnell. 477
FOR SALE Second hand furniture:
One Jrcn bed, springs, mattress;
one three-burner gas plate, one re
frigerator, one oak dresser, one
large kitchen table, two kitchen
chairs, some cooking utensils. 55
Oregon street, Johnson auuition. 4!4
FOR SALE Baby's go-cart, ?S. 104
Mason hill. 4S5
FOR SALE Ford truck, good condi-
Hon. Long Trail Garage. 4j0
FOR SALE First ciass second hand
. Maxwell touring car. 1917 model,
nearly new. Apply Mexican Consul,
Naco, Arizona. 447
FOR SALE $125 safe for $60. Can
bo seen at Bisbee Transfer com
pany office. Address H. A. Collins,
Box 114, Bisbee. 426
FOR SALE Household furniture,
cost $500 in Los Angeles, for $3i)0.
House of five rooms Quarry canyon
to rent also if desired. Black 704 in
a. m. 424
--I
- FOR SALE Rabbit, breidins age.
New Zealand Reds, and Flemish
Jiants. J. E. Steel, 49 O. K. street.
401
- PETEY DINK Petey Ought
I
x
ay' ri:s
F or Sale
FOR SALE New five room brick
house, Warren. Garage, large lot
fenced. Willi or without furniture.
Pnone Black S45. First house on
right. New Hospital car stop. 3!f!f
I FOR SALE Set of Hawkins' electri
1 cal guides. Write Box 3446, Lowell.
421
FOR SALE 4000 shares United
Chiuo oil stock. Box 1949, City. 400
jF.OR SALE Good building lots, fiv
minutes walk from Dean mine. Mrs.
Winwood, Winwood addition. ju
and up. 66
KUK SA.LK Kuuuies ol old papers m
me Review ofiice. Large bundles,
snce ic.
FOR SALE OR TRADE EL El Paso
lots tor house in Bisbee, or car. Ad
dress Box 2402, Bisbee. 334
FOR SALE Bargain, Cadillac "4"
' chassiss. Make dandy racer. Uncle
Jim's, Brewery Gulch. 323
FOR SALE Crescent hotel. Brewery
Gulch. Wilbur A. McLean. 920
F'OR SALE China cabinet or book
case, almost new, at sacrifice.
Phone Red 758. 464
i FOR SALE 15,000 shares United
Oil and Refining company stock
for one cent per share if sold by
Monday. Apply Johnson Meat com
pany. 490
FOR SALE Five passenger Hupmo
bile, model H-32. .Bargain. Long
Trail Garage, Lowell. 746
FOR SALE Ford roadster, truck
body. Inquire Millman, Bisbee Lum
ber company. 454
FOR SALE One six room tiouse,
large lot, shrubbery, well fenced, in
fine condition, good terms to re
sponsible party. A. J. Fairclaugh,
I Warren. 343
'FAR SALE Hudson touring car, 191S
I model, excellent condition, plate
Black 75S. Bisbee, Ariz.
468
FOR SALE Furniture and rugs. In
f quire downstairs No. 92, J. E. T.
j street, Johnson addition. 497
FOR SALE Fryers and pullets, Mon
day, at 12S Quarry canyon. 462
FOR SALE Half interest in good
paying business. Apply Long Trail
Garage. ' 4SS
For Rent
j FOR RENT Two furnished house-
keeping rooms, 'suitable for two
men batching. Star Rooming House,
oppaslte City park. 450
FOR RENT Furnished bed room,
private entrance. 0127 School hill.
449
FOR RENT Furnished front room,
$10. 42 Quality hill. Phone 124.
471
FOR RiNT Two rjrnisheu house
keeping rooms. Mrs. V. J. Shearer,
14 Laundry hill. 12
FOR RENT Five room unfurnished
house in good condition. 206 B
Opera Drive. 324
FOR RENT Furnished room for gen-
tleinen. also new Singer sewing ma-,
thine for sa'e. Phone S29. 398
FOR RENT Two rooms unfurnibhed .
(housekeeping). 176 Naco road, Hcl-j
brook stop. 402 j
FOR RENT Furnished ' room in pri
vate family, either for lady or gen
tlemen. Phone 318. dh !
FOR RENT
Two furnished rooms i
j with kitchenette, also bath. No chil-1
i dren. W. E. Baugh, Moon canyon. :
Call from 2 to 6 in the evening. 428 j
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished
for housekeeping, no children. 25
Montana street, Johnson addition.
254
FOR RENT Five room house wit'aj
bath and sleeping porch. 122 Quar-;
ry canyon, subject to sale of f urni-1
FOR RENT Three room furnished i
house, Lowell, with lights and wa-1
ter. Call 232 School hill, after 5 1
o'clock. 451 j
i
Foil RENT Furnished rooms for j
light housekeeping. Rent reason-1
able. 56 Urper Lowell, across from j
Lowell depot. 475 I
to Have Been a ;Quaker.
a..'., a
L- s
"M L OV4CV.E PETEV VJTU
For Rent
FOR RENT Garage In Warren.
Phone Black 475. 422
FOR RENT Two batching rooms. 49
O. K. street. 472
FOR RENT Garage. Inquire Wm.
Hughes, Hughes block. 456
HOTEL LETSON Main street, phone
659. Clean airy rooms. Running
water, newly renovated. Rate8 to
permanent guests. 475
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms.
173 Temby avenue. Phone Black
537. 409
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms.
29 Tank hill. 471
FOR RENT Room, lurnished. 29
Tank hill. 448
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
for light housekeeping, lights and
water. 163 Opera Drive. 481
Miscellaneous
GENTLEMAN Would like to accom
pany party going to coast in automo
bile about October 1.' Box 646, Bis
bee. 453
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE $2
up. All corsets carefully fitted,
Ines Warburton, over Independent
Feed store, upper Main street. 349
MRS. BOYLE Clarivoyant, card
reading. Hours 10 a. m. to 2:30 p. in.
17 Montana street, first street back
of Lowell bakery. 312
MARTIN'S MINERAL BATHS AND
MASSAGE SPECIALIST For rheu
matism, lumbago, plurisy, head
aches, nervousness, manipulations
and curviture of spine treated scien
tifically. Office third floor Maze
building. Open 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Nurse in attendance. 705
MADAME J. REA KEYS, St. Regis ho
tel, Lowell, Ariz. Phone 62. Clair
voyant and crystal reader. . Dead
trance spirit- medium, boru with a
double veil, without asking ques
tions gives you dates, facts and fig
ures, and will read your entire lite.
Office hours 9 to 8. Phone 62.
Home phone 651, Mason hill. 176
Wanted
WANTED To rent, a ' four or five
room furnished house, or apartment.
I., care Review. 487
WANTED Bank clerk desires fur
nished room, with or without sleep
ing porch. Prefer Tombstone can
yon. B., Review. 4S0
WANTED Four burner gas stove,
good condition. Box lu03. 433
WANTED- Room and Uoard by first
of October. Must be strictly private
family. References exchanged if
necessary. Write Box J. R. T., care
Review. 331
WANTED Clean rags. Iteview of
fice, dh-tf
Money to Loan
SMALL quick loans (in your personal
uoie iu salaried men ana women, al
so ou lurnuura. ucx Loan (Jo Koom
z. Lyric inuatre Duuuing. iit
Lost
LOST Third Liberty Loan Bond. No.
3,867,989. Owner's name on envelope
enclosing bond. Return to Review
office. 455
LOST Cameo pin in Lowell, Septem
ber 12. Return to S. A., Review.
Reward. 493
LOST In Upper Lowell, between
Kochevas and Medaks, black pocket
book containing about $66 in cur
rency and silver. Collections made
for my emplovers. Finder . please
return to Wm. Solomon, care
Tovrea's Lowell market. 473
Salesmen
SALESMEN New fall line now
ready. Easy seller. Sales guaran
teed. Express paid. $6 commission
per order and repeats. Pan Mfg.
Co., 2558 Cottage Grove avenue,
Chicago. 315
SALESMAN Cajiable specialty man
for Arizona. Staple line on NEW
and EXCEPTIONAL terms. Vacancy
lmw. Attractive commission con
tract. $:!5 weekly for expenses. Gil
letter, 73S Curliu Bldg, Cleveland.
Ohio. 460
i I -r1 1 wl I 1 1 II M I V .l U,I.IIl s -III 1 1 Zr ' . "V Ji . B
"BEST INVESTMENT
E EVER MADE"
Contractor Wouldn't Take
Five Hundred Dollars For
. Good Tanlac Did Him
"I just want to say right now that
I wouldn't take five hundred dollars
for the good that first bottle of Tan
lac did me, for I feel like it has given
me a new lease on life," said C. E.
Nelson, a contracting carpenter living
at 772S 63d avenue. Southeast, Port
land, Ore., recently.
"Following a serious acicdent four
months ago,' 'he continued, "which
laid me up for eight or nine weeks, I
lost my appetite, and my stomach got
all out of order. What little I did
manage to eat would sour and form
gas, which would cramp and pain me
until I could hardly stand it.- Then
my kidneys went back on me. and niv
j back hurt so bad I couldn't find a com
fortable position. They said I had
rheumatism or 'lumbago,' then .my
right leg, below the knee, got to hurt
ing me, and at times I couldn't stand
on my feet or get up when down. I
was constipated all the time and suf
fered a great deal with headache. No
body knows how I really did suffer,
because I just can't describe it, and
as nothing seemed to do me any good
I had become discouraged about my
condition.
"I finally sent down and got a bottle
of Tanlac, as I had read so much
about it, and it was about the best in
vestment I ever made. My appetite
came hounding back after my first few
doses, and by the time my second bot-
! tie was gone, my stomach trouble was
almost gone, too. I am now eating
any and everything I want and it don't
hurt me the least bit, and my kid
neys and back are greatly improved.
At the time I started on Tanlac I had
to use crutches in order to get about,
but I don't need them now at all, and
have thrown them aside. I have gained
several pounds in weight, and can just
feel myself getting stronger every
day. I have gone back to work al
ready, and I never lose an opportun
ity to speak a good word for Tanlac."
Tanlac is solu iv liisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug com
pany, in Taradise by G. A. Walker, in
Bowie by Bowie Drug company, in San
Simon by J. B. Cooke, in Willcox by
A. A. Nicholson, in Lowell by Lowell
Drug company, in Benson by C. F
.Moss Pharmacy, in Gieeson by B. A.
Taylor, and in Warren by Warren
Drug company.
Agents
AGENTS, OVER 1000 PER CENT
PROFIT Applying transfer mono
grams to automobiles, trunks, bags,
etc. Easily applied. No experience.
No paints or laborious hand letter
ing. Samples free. Wagner Co.,
Corona, N. Y. ' 461
PATRIOTIC MEN AND WOMEN
To distribute "America and the
Great War." Gives just the infor
mation everyone needs at this criti
cal time. .illustrated. Big pay.
Spare time may be used. Outfit
free. International Press, Philadel
phia. 457
ARIZONA AUTOMATIC AIR
ASSOCIATION
At a recent meeting of the stock
holders of the Arizona Automatic Air
Associion held in the City Hall, Bis
bee, to hear the report of a commit
tee of seven appointed at a previous
meeting to sot a selling price on their
stock which would be acceptable to all
of the stockholders in the negotia
tions now pending with a large con
cern in the East, it was unanimously
decided not to name a definite prii e
but to leave the matter entirely in
the hands of the Directors.
The Directors temporarily refused
an offer of par for all of the outstand
ing stock because they have every
assurance that a much better offer
will bo niade in the near future and
some interesting developments are
expected within the next two or three
months. - Adv. 474
UNITED VERDE EXTENSION
MINING COMPANY
Dividend No. 10 and Extra
233 Broadway, New York
September 16, 1913
The Boar I of Directors of the Uni
ted Verde Extension .Mining Company
has this day declared a quarterly di
vidend of fifty cents per share and an
extra dividend of twenty-five cents
per .-hare on the outstanding capital
stock, payable November 1, 1918, to
stockholders of rc-ord at the close of
business October 3, 1918. Stock trans
fer books will ii'it close.
463 C. P. SANDS, Treasurer.
GE
S
LODGE NOTICES
Card3 of every fraternal order in the Warren district; giving the essential
facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of
gathering will be found nnder their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
vteet9 every naay ,
Dignt, Moose hau. j
visiting Drotners cu
dially inviieu.
K. 1. GLEASON,
Dictator.
BISBEE LuUGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F.
' meets every
17 Thursday
ST J&wsL A evening at Odd
VgS Fellows' Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119. j
G. A. PLUNKETT, N. G.
LESTER EUSTACE, Sec'y.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
'Lily Temple No. 3 meets ercry 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially inviieu.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C.
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Box 1475
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in I. O- O. F.
Hall First and Third
Saturdays. Visit ing
brothers welcome.
S. F. BENTON. Councillor.
F. M. WILLIAMS, Rec. Sec'y.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vich hall. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
MRS. C. C. FINLAYSON.
Foreman, P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent, Box, 1496.
8400 SKILLED MEN
ATTEND NEEDS OF
FORCE WAS ENLISTED ESPECIAL
LY FOR THIS PURPOSE, BEING
TAKEN DIRECTLY FROM CIVIL
LIFE TO POINTS BEHIND FIGHT
ING LINE IN FRANCE
There are now some S.400 men, for
merly skilled mechanics in large Amer
ican factories, who are enlisted sol
diers carrying on this huge work of
keeping up the supp'.y of guiig and am
munition. Realizing the need of high
ly skilled men for this work in France,
a special recruiting campaign was car
ried on in many of the American in
dustrial centers last winter. The re
sult is shown in the equipment of the
ordnance branch with a staff of skilled
workmen comparing with the best fac
tory sectcions.
It is largely a patriotic service in
which skilled mechanics have given up
lar.Ke wages to accept the soldiers
pay of $30 a month. The foremen of
one of the extensive Detroit automo
bile factories, who received $200 a
week, is now a volunteer among thest
enlisted men Receiving $30 a week.
There are scores of cases of this kind.
On the way from the seacoast to this
great center of American ordnance
supply, one sees along the way not
only a vast stock of material and guns,
but that other very vital factor or
artillery, the human element, the man
behind the gun. It is a stirring sight
as these huge camps of field artillery
are spread out for miles. In one oi
the zones back of the war zone brig
ades of artillery, with 7400 men to the
brigade, were completing their train
ing and equipment and about to move
forward men with their field-guns
and this was but one branch of that
tremendous weight of men and metal
which is turning the, tide and; wearing
down the enemy.
CHILDREN SENS MESSAGE. -
LONDON. Au. 20. - Sunday schools
throughout the United Kinedoni have
sent the following message to the
leaders of the army and navy.
"To the Hrave Men Fighting For Us;
"We thank you.
"We trust you.
"We pray for you."
Sir IkiukIhh Haiir has embodied the
message in an official Order of the
Day.
VfET?E 3'JST W0WDE1?
- TTivjC OU f
-vi m "s m i w
mmmiA
cry
kAvlv Sss'&.sm
KNIGHT8 OF PYTHIAS
Rathboue Lodge No. 10
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Tuesday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
H.
W.
E. WOOTON, C. C
E. McCALLUM. K. of R.
LODGE NO. 71
Regular meeting first and third Fr.
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON, Exahed Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary-
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD."
Lowell Camp No. 4b' will
meet every 2nd and
4th Tuesday at 7:30
7:30, Finish Hall.
H. C. LANDAU, C. C
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
meets in Masonic Hall
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
in Masonic Hall sejond and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43, Bisbee
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec'y, P. O.
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com..
Phone 161.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E., meets
first and third TUESDAYS. 8 p. m
Eagles Hall. Visitors cordially wel
come.
J. F. WILMOTH, Presdent,
F. C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
C. L. EDMUNDSON, Aerie Physician.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
Bisbee Lodge No.
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medis&
vich Hall. Vot
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS, President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
HONORA MUNCH, Secretary.
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets 1st Saturday
iledigovich Hall.
jt. L. MOTZ, Consul.
J. F. MATHEWSOM,
Clerk.
WEEK ENDING SEPT. 28, 1918
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
W. W. GIDLEY, W M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y. F. & A. M.
J. W. TO LAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. I. I.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery. j
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council. I
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
L- O. L. NO. 210.
meets In I. O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY all
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially,
invited to at-'
tend.
WM. T. SMITH AN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary 1
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
t is l.
5 &5?i-l
cr .srz -
li i y 1 . y U f . j- i-JL N. t, .ff M y w
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND-
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
C H. HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
CH.H0GAFi
I :
Removal Sale
Now on for One Week at
Fruitman's Fashion Shop.
Special Bargain on
Waists, Skirts, Dresses and
' ,' Underwear
25 Per Cent Discount on
All Orders for Tailor Made
Garments Received This
Week.
FRUITMAN'S
FASHIONABLE
LADIES' TAILOR AND FURRIER
Hughes Block opp. Y. M. C. A.
Phone 74 Bisbee, Ariz
GRAPES
By the Ton, $87.50
First Class
E. M. STEPHENS
South Bisbee Pool Hall
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depnt
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE' 5S
WVWWVWWVA
CATARRH
OF THE
BLADDER
24 Hours
tach Cn- "
ale N.-am ilic fy;C)
WVvWWVlJWiiWAW
By C A. VOIGHT . '
SIX
THE E1SEEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, SEPTEMEER 22, 1918.
'4 "-'
Yanks Hold to Heels of
Foe Grimly in Retreat
After Late Marne Defeat
Start a Thrift Card
Buy V. S. S., they go to help a soldier
or a sailor win the war they builds aero
plrnes and ships they are a help to vic
tory they mean much to you.
Buy a Thrift Stamp
Does the liberty you enjoy in tins coun
try entail an obligation upon you? It
does. Then show your appreciation.
U. S. F. A. LICENSE NO. G-13942
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IX
FRANCE, Aug. 8, (Correspondence of
the Associated Press.) To hang onto
to hls of a retreating enemy and
keepiegging away at hira day after
day is not an easy undertaking ee.'n
for veteran warriors.
When the Germans recrossed the
Marne northward bound with the
Americans not far behind, various
units of the American army were call
ed upon for operation in this kind of
warfare for the first time. But even
German prisoners taken by the Amei
icans gave credit to the Yankees for
their spirit of persistence and mar
veled at their ingenuity and recupera
tive abilities.
Field operations for the Franco
American offensive virtually were
completed In a night. One American
division marched all night, part 6f the
next day and that nightand went into
action at daylight. July IS. Other
divisions accomplished similar tasks
equally as strenuous, several of them
coming some distance and the boys
encountering strange terrain which
appeared to stimulate their thirst for
adventure as they went cn and on not
knowing -what to expect next. -
The men didn't know exactly just
what the schedule called for that is,
they hadn't been told officially. Even
captains and lieutenants say they
were not notified formally of the at
tack contemplated such is the way
an army works but like their men
they hail a pretty good idea of what
was in store for them, or rather of the
surprise that was in the making for
the Germans.
When the Americans, In conjunction
with the French, started the offensive
jthat morning, and kept going until
the Germans reached the Vesle, auto
matically began the task of the vari
ous departmenis in keeping in touch
with an advancing army and furnish
ing it with ammunition, food and great
stores of supplies which only armies
need.
Several times while the advance
was at its height it became necessary
for a certain American division head
quarters to move every day or two.
On a number of occasions the division
al officers moved their headquarters
once every twenty-four hours fur
three consecutive days.
To establish an office with tele-
I phone connection and provide work
ling room for various assistants, with
their clerks and typeynters and quar
ters for different individuals of the
I department one morning, and theu
move on the next morning and, in the
mean while, to keep up -with important
and rapidly developing work at a bat
tle front, is but one of a thousand or
more routine details with which the
commanding officers had to contend.
TODAY A FOREST;
TOMORROW BUILDING;
NEXT DAY WORKSHOP
WONDERFUL FEATS ACCOMP
LISHED BY OUR ENGINEERS
AND FORESTERS RELATED
FROM FIRST HAND, OBSERVA
TION BY A. P. CORRESPONDENT
I
GIEVRES, Central France, Aug. 10. i
(Correspondence of The Associated
Press.) Today a forest, tomorrow a
building, the next day a workshop.
This is the way the astonished
French people describe how the Am
ericans have suddenly constructed a
huge establishment here, turning what
was a pine forest into warehouses and
then turning -these into vast and busy
centers for the huge mass of army sup
plies on the way to the front.
Gievres is a sort of half-way point,
midway between the coast and the fir
ing line, and is the central supply de
pot of the intermediate zone. Here
things are sorted and arranged as they
come pell-mell from the ocean ports.
In vast miscellaneous masses just out
of the holds of steamers, food, guns,
clothing, barbed wire, medicinf, car
rier pigeons, refrigerated beef, rolling
kitchens and all the conglomeration of
supplies needed by a million men. Ev
erything must be in order before it
goes forward to the advance zone
where the fighting Is going on and
this is where the order is brought out
of the seeming chaos in this tidalwave
of army goods sweeping in fro:n Am
erica. The Gievre depot has beea laid in
an elongated diamond shape, and com
pared to a basi'lj:'!l Ciamnnd it is kv
en miles from the home plate to sec
ond base, and two miles' across from
first to third base. Within this enor
mous diamond are eighty huge ware
hcuses and scores of other buildings,
some of them of unprecedented mag
nitude. Ond of these is a refrigerat
ing plant rivaling thote Ir. the Chi
cago meat district. When we went
into it today it aad over 10,000.000
pounds of frozen beef- enough to feed
1,000 OOO men twenty days
This is only one detail of the vast
depot of the intermiidiate zone with
its miles of buildings m.u yards stack
ed with soldiers' 'food, soldiers' cloth-!
lng, ammunition arid ordnance stores J
of all Jkinds, medical supplies, soldiers'
libraries furnished by the American
Library association, and all the Y.
M. C. A. supplies sent to its countless
branches, for everything for The army
Is centered here before it goes forward
to the ment.
The yards are on the same vast
scale as the warehouses, with stocks
of coal half a mile long and eighty
feet high a comforting assurance for
the warmth of the troops next winter
and miles of baled hav for artillerv
horses. . Shovels and wheelbarrows'
were piled up like mountain hay
stacks. The well-boring machinery
filling one park made it look like a
Pennsylvania oil region. Another park
had camouflage material. Another
bad stacks of fcuilding paper for
sheathing barracks.
Pontoons and bridges and all the
materials tor crossing rivers will come
along in due time, for it was pointed
"out that this will be needed to "cross
the Rhine."
Along one 'side of the depot 500
cars were bringing in this huge stock
of war material just as it came from
the ships, and on the other side 500
cars were taking it away to the ad
vance zone after it had passed through
the processes of arrangement each
train a standard train with a fixed
space for each article of the soldier's
food ration, each article of clothing,
ordnance and all the requirements
along the fighting front which hae
to be kept up day after day with
unfailing regularity.
With the commandant of the depot
The Associated Press correspondent
made a tour over the plant, some 20
miles by automobile through the maze
of activity and vast material re
sources At one point a remount sta
tion begun three days ago was well
along toward completion, and it will
soon be one of the main supplies for
horses.
One whole depot wag devoted to the
new devices for gas attacks, defensive
and offensive, with great stocks of
gas masks, and the gas itself, and
quantities of phosphorus and disinfect
camps after the deadly muMard gas
-.as been in the air.
Medical supplies require ten -entire
buildings for cots, litters, mattresses,
oxygen tanks and the great stocks of
hosDital and medical supplies.
The signal service has two large
buildings and much open storage, with
huge stocks of telegraph and te:v
phone wire for the army communica
tion svstem which now spreads all
over France.
The warehouses for food, clothing
and all quartermasters' supplies ex
tend a'ong a frontage of sever?l miles,
all the buildings uniform, 500 by "50
feet. Uniforms, clothing, flour and
what are called sack goods are kept
under cover in the warehouses, but
much of the stock in crates, boxes and
barrels is stacked along the depot
streets for miles.
The one item of gasoline Is a huge
thing owing to the part motor traction
takes in warfare. In one month our
army uses five million gallons, or an
average of five gr.Ilons a man for an
army of a million men. This means
a steady movement of 10,000 barrels
a month.
To step into, the army refrigerator
on a hot midsummer day is rather a
novel experience. The thermometer
was about 90 as we went through the
yards, but as the colonel opened a door
of the big refrigerating plant we were
struck with an arctic chill of 5 below
zero a drop of 95 degrees as we
crossed the threshold. Inside, the
workmen were bundled lp in fur coats
wrapped around their ears. The floors
were slippery with frost and the long
ammonia pipes above dripped frosted
icicles like stalactites In a cave. Frost
an inch deep covered the burlap cov
erings of the big sids and quarters
of beef, and the beef Itself was frozen
as po'id as stone.
Many of the workers In this place
are from the big packing houses of
Chicago. Besides more than a million
pounds of frozen meat always on hand
there is oleomargarine, butter, lard
and all kinds of fats.. It Is arranged
like a ship with water-tight compart
ments, except that these are cold
compartments, so that the freezing is
carried onlv to those compartments
required. No ice is used, as the freez
ing process is carried out by the forc
ing of ammonia through pipes at a
high pressure.
.The German prisoners stockade was
not far beyond. Here some 1.000 Ger
mans are housed and fed while they
take part in the construction and ware
house work. Around the stockade runs
a wire netting 13 feet high, with a
number of armed guards.
The prisoners show no desire to get
away, and when an exchange of pris
oners was being carried out not long
ago two of them actually broke down
intears at the thought of going back
to their native land. They sleep on
cots and their rations are about the
same as those furnished the labor
troops. The German officers have
their own barracks inside the storv
ade. wear their uniforms and medals
and hav,. rather comfortable equip
ment with spring cots.
Altogether It takes some 17.000 la
bor troops, besides 1,500 Chinese, 1.000
German prisoners and a considerable
number of French Annamites to run
this mammoth army establishment
and keep the streams of supplies mov
ing steadily to the fighting front.
BALLOONS ARE NECESSITY
fBv Review TtmM Wire',
BEHIND THE LINES IN FRANCE.
Sept. 3. Observation balloons in the
allied armies are utilized not sq much
for the purpose of discovering pos
sible enemy targets but for the very
important task of directing artillery
fire so that the targets may be destroyed.
The lot of the balloon observer may ;
be considered on a par with that of .
(ho i.h..n,.lln,i svlnlnr OTront that !
while the aviator's risks are compen
sated by the excitement of flying, the
balloon observer experiences most of
the danger of the air service without
anv of its thrills.
There is one moment in the life of
the balloon observer when he enjoys
a thrill not found perhaps in aviation,
and thnt is when, his balloon success
fully attacked by an enemy aviator, he
jumps over the side of his basket with
no more than a parachute to sustain
him in his flight to the earth, any
where from 1000 to 8000 feet below.
Showing the Smartest Conceits in Fall Styles in
Suits, Coats, Dresses, Blouses, Millinery, Dress Goods
These recent arrivals display numerous unique styles. They are as rich looking as it is pos
sible for garments to be. They were picked from creations which are in high favor in the
foremost centers of fashion at the present time. They are cut upon lines which are simple
and straight and are supremely graceful.
Attractive
Fall Suits
Cur Fall Showing of suits
will appeal to every woman,
for their fabrics, which are of
good quality and well tailored,
and will be used for both busi
ness and dressy wear. A large
array of models to select from
in broadclothj, serges, gaber
dines, velours, checks, trico
tine, solid velours and velvets,
in all the season's best shades.
Coats for Stout Women
These stout sizes are in stock sizes from 4 2 Yl
to 54J2, fashioned on lines especially suitable for
stout figures in navy, taupe, burgundy and
black.'
Smart Separate Skirts
Women who are
thinking of (supplying
their wardrobes with
one or more skirts for
fall wear, will be
pleased with the assort
ments which we pre-
These are intermingled
with models for street,
sport, and dress wear,
in all materials, colors
and sizes.
Colored Pongees
This sfjk in just what you want for service, 36
inches wide. Comes in rose, China blue, pale i
blue, green and white, special $1.95 yd.
15- :
l f! ! Mil
Rich New Effects in Coats
There's a wealth of beauty in these new coat
models in every detail you will find richness
in the highest degree and a glance at these models
will foretell what a distinctive appearance you
will present in one of them. Cloth coats in a
great variety of materials and colors, sylvettes,
wool velour, cut bolivias, p&rh poms, broadcloths,
some plain tailored, with self collars, buttoned
high, others with beautiful fur trimming of nat
ural racoon, kit coney, Hudson seal, squirrel and
beaver.
New Autumn Silks
These fancy fall silks are the most beautiful
and 'most original that the maker3 have ever
created. They include messalines and taffeta in a
wonderful lot of stripes and plaids, 36 inche3
wide, in a range of colors that will appeal to you
at these values, worth up to $2.50, special, $1.95.
Georgette Crepe
We have secured the best georgette crepe to
be found on the market. It is the corrct wight
and quality that wears-and cleans so satisfactorily.
Black, white and leading colors, special $1.95 yd.
Lovely New Dresses
It doesn't seem as though
dresses for women could be "so
fascinatingly youthful these!
new fall models, with their
beautiful and graceful lines
and simple neck and sleeves
are indeed the height of dress
development. The fabrics,
such as crepe de chines, georg
ettes, serget, tricolette and
taffeta, lend themselves with
faultless grace to the new sil
houette; the trimmings are in
perfect harmony and the col
ors blend charmingly.
Silk Dress Special
This ' beautiful selection of slik dresses in
plaids and stripes, combined with georgette
crepe, and some crepe de chine and satins in all
the fashionable fall shades, sizes up to 42.
Special $19.50
New Waiste .
The excellent qual
ities and lovely styles of
these new fall blouses
will attract vou. more
over you will be pleased
with the good values
offered. A very large
choice can be had in all .
styles, crepe de chine
and georgette, in all the
best selected models.
Skinner's Satin
Every woman knows that Skinner's satins
are the best they are guaranteed and can be
found here in most colors. The $2.50 grade,
special $1.95 yd.
JUL
Bargain Booth Special Devonshire Cloth j Women's Hand Bags One-Half Price
This is the best wearing cloth for family use, never fades, outwears These are a manufacturer's sample line, and many kinds and styles
galatea. Comes in solid colors and a large assortment of stripes and j can be found in this lot, in silk and leather. We intend to close out thi?
plaids. Monday and Tuesday, special, 45c yard. , lot quickly, hence this xz price sale.
Fall Millinery
A great collection of fall hats is here for
your choosing, it includes every popular fancy
of the season. Knox block sailors, in hatters
plush, all leading colors, $4.95. j
Smart street turbans in velvets and hatters y
plush. Children's plush and velvet hats, in
navy and black, 4 to 10 years. Special $1.50. j
House Furnishings
Our line of house furnishings is complete in every detail : cooking uten
sils, china, bed-room and living-room suites, a beautiful selection of rugs.
Stoves
We have the best values ob
tainable in ranges, stoves or
heaters. Having purchased
two car loads in February,
thereby making a great sav
ing to our customers. We
specialize on Majestic stoves
and other cheaper brands.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
r
Men's Suits
An assortment of men's suits that's
really complete. Smart models for young
men as well as conservative styles for old
er men, you will want a new fall suit any
way, and here's a point a good many over
look ! By purchasing now, you will get
a good seajon s wear from your suit
that's economy.
New Floor
Coverings
Floor coverings of all sorts
won't cost less than they do now
and fortunately we purchased a
large fall stock for less than we'd
have to pay today, making our
prices very attractive and of
great value to you.
Shoes for School and
Dress Wear
It Is our Idea to
supply growing girls
with shoes that fit
perfectly when they
a re, purchased and to
cive them stylish,
and practical shoes.
" as as well. Spring
heels, low heels and
Cuban heels to fit al
most any arch.
Uun metal, black lace
Black and Grey, top lace
Black and Grey, top lace
All Tan Calf, lace -
Tan Cloth Top. lace
Tan Kid, cloth top, lace
White Buck. lace, spring heel .
Tan and Grey Buck, lace
All Grey Kid. lace
These run in all sizes from 2U to 7
widths AA to K.
$5.C0
... . 5.00
$4.50
... $5.00
$5.00
$4.50
$3.5C
$3.00
$5.00
ants to sprinkle the trenches and
a