lath
V -At iz Yr
-&Y?Yr
(3im mm
WEATHER
rizona: Tuesday and
A'eiint Jay fair; not so
coll Wednesday.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 21, NO. 142.
THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
lira
LRU
MS
fiiK Flflll fill FAM TflWWQ
Brail WITMIlfflfllAfQ 1
flXilU VVIHIUIIftVVO 1113
5 ijr jr 1 i? 5
- M B fad Ntr
iiwWiYMiiiswEEi
111 THOUSA
WHO HAD
THAi-:-:n:G
-CHIEF OF STAFF MAKES AN
r.CJNCEMENT THAT SECOND
A I i'.CKAFT ACCEPTANCE PARKS
AND OTHER UNITS HAVE
STARTED FOR AMERICA
BEEN IN i
EAT BRITAIN
AIR SERVICE IS FIRST
FORMER GERMAN LINERS, DUTCH
VESSELS AND NUMEROUS CAR
GO BOATS WILL BE USED TO
BRING HOME SOLDIERS FROM
FRANCE. IT IS ANNOUNCED
(By Itcvk-w Leased Wirti
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25. First
units of the American expedition
ary forces to return from overeas
are expected to arrive in New
York about the end of the present
week.
General March, chief of staff,
announced tonight that 3S2 offi
cers and 6614 men of the Second
aircrait acceptance parks and
other detachments training in
England are homeward bound on
the Minnekahda, Lapland and
Orca. British liners. The first
two ships left Liverpool last Fri
day and the Orca sailed on Satur
day .
This announcement means that the
movement of the American troops
now in England, the majority of whom
are in air service detachments, will
continue steadily until all of them,
some 20.000. have returned to this
country. There are no regiments or
other uui.3 of line troops In Great
Britain. The first movement of the
larger units, such as brigade and divi
sions, will come from French ports,
it is assumed, as the, British cross
(Continued on Pace Five
AIM IT
II
nnmTCCT
WO L0 Hi'iUUl'
EVER Girl WAS
RECEIVED II
ll DRIVE
GERMAN DELEGATES WILL
REMAIN OUTSIDE PARIS
nnctiuri pfac.e meeting
w. ..... u. . - - ... . .
i
liy li.-view I.easerl Wire
PARIS, Nov. 25. The Temps
says the German mission which j:
will take part in the negotiation of ci
peiice jireuinni.il iea, win
be quartered in Paris but in
immediate vicinity of the city.
TO SINK SHIPS
OF HUN AFTER
LIS INSPECTION
To Attempt Division Among
Allied Powers Would Pre
sent Too Many Problems
and Trouble Chances
Power Goes Off and Review Is !
j Late in Reaching Readers As One , j
Of Consequences of Snow Storml
not
th.:
OD
Hi
save
, -REMARKED
BIN COMMANDER
(By Review Lea-sed Wire)
LONDON, Nov. 25 Afisr an
inspection of the German battle-,
ships and cruise. s held by the en
tente and final settlement of their
ownership by the peace confer
ence, si I the vessels probably
will be sunk, as apparently there
is no disposition on the part of
the entente to risk the controvert
sies that would be likely in case
of an attempted division of them.
The fall of "the beautiful" yes
terday and last night in Bisbee
aeocmplished one entirely unex
pected result. Through failure of
the electric power on the line
used to drive the big press at the
Review office, the paper found it
self utterly unable to print with
its usual facility. Had it not been
for the courtesy of the Ore, this
paper would have been unable to
appear until the damaged line had
been repaired. This is both an
apology to the readers of the Re
view for the lateness of its ap
pearance, and an acknowledge
ment of gratitude to the Ore for
its courtesy.
As a result of the storm, which
began early Sunday, wire traffic
in all parts of the district was im
peded. Poles bearing telephone
wires between Lowell and Baker
ville were levelled for a distance
of a quarter of a mile early Mon
day by the combined weight of
frozen slush on the wires and the
heavy wind. No accurate esti
mate of damage accomplished last
night is obtainable at this hour.
RED FLAGERS
FLEE BEFORE
FLAG DEFENSE
Delay Is Explained By Washington
HUN FLEET INSPECTED.
FIRTH OF FROTH. Scotland. Nov.
:. Ti:e inspection of the German
urrcudered ships is proceeding as
i rapidly aB possible. The fleet divi-
sion of battietwps and four battle
DEATH REPORT WOULD
INDICATE DEATH DUE TO
SUICIDE OR MURDER
J Hy Review Leased Wiiei
; M'ALLEN, Tesas, Nov. 25. Lt.
; John Lindsay. 13th cavalry, was
i found dead in his tent at Ft. Ring-
gold today with a bullet hole in his
5 head, according to a passenger ar
( riving here tonight from that fort,
j Officers gave no details, it was
said.
All wire communication between
CERTAINTY
POINTS HELD TO
BE
RESPONSIBLE
. i r ii cruisers and destroyers leu lorfacapao ,, ,,, , , ,
Lieutenant Fulcher Wounded i.w- to.lnv a,l hv eve.nimr the firth McAIIcn and Ft. Ringgold is down
in Sinking of Ticonderoga,
will be cleared of them. The ships
and particulars have not been
Neither Number nor Makeup
G03S AND DOUGH BOYS UNITE
IN GRAND RUSH AGAINST BOL
SHEVIK MEETING WHICH SCAT
TERS ITS MEMBERS TO FOUR
WINDS. DESPITE POLICE
HOSTILITIES
APPEAR TO BE
PROBABLE
TACNA AND ARICA CONSTITUT
ING THE ALSACE-LORRAINE
QUESTION OF SOUTH AMERICA
ARE DISPUTE CAUSE BETWEEN
PERU. CHILE AND BOLIVIA
ARE CHASED IN STREETS CONSUL IS ATTACKED
NEW YORK WITNESSES RIOT FOL-,
LOWING DISPLAY OF RED FLAG j
BLIGHTING ORATORY AT. MADI-
SON SQUARE GARDEN ALONG '
INTERNATIONAL LINES
IQUIQUE GARRISON MAKES NO
ATTEMPT TO SUPPRESS RIOTS
IN WHICH DIPLOMATIC REPRE
SENTATIVES OF NEIGHBOR
COUNTRY IS BADLY HANDLED
are in a
....... ......... ...v. , lparnnrt
deplorable state through j! ,edrnea
fit f A t J 'want of p:iint and general neglect.
I ells or Abandonment ot;The iulerua, stata )f the battleships'
' Hi. Fata ' is oa a par wItil " tlieir external ap
O&UOr T.O niS raie ipearance. The.v smell mouldy owing
' to the electric ventilation systems on
.them having been stopped.
(By Review Leased WIre
LONDON. Nov. 25. Lt. Julius
H. Fulcher of Briscoe. X. C. who
with Lt. Frank L. Muller of Oak
land, Cal., was taken on board the
German submarine Deutsohland
from the torpedoed American
army cargo ship Ticonderoga, cn
September 30, and was brought to
Harwich yesterday by the l-boat.
was wounded severely in the
thigh when the Ticonderoga went
down, according to the Harwich
correspondent of the Daily Ex
press. He escaped on a raft and
was picked up by the l-boat.
FREN'CH ENTER STRASSBOURG.
j PARIS, Nov. 23. The war office
announcement on the official entry, of
, the French into Strassbourg says:
i "Marshal Pttain, accompanied by
j General C'atelnau, today made entry j
j into Strassbours at the head of the i
! troops of the army of General Cou-1
j :aud. He was reeeive.1 with, enthu-'
i sias'.ie acclamations. As the French j
, regiments marched into the noble !
j Alsatian city, which was inasnif icent-1
; ly adorned with the national colors, j
j the crv of "vive la France" was
STARR, ILL
PRISONERS
III Hfliai fill n II I
(i:y Review Lensetl Vin
Ni:w YORK, Nov. 23 Hundred
of soldiers, sailors and marines
broke through a cordon of police
surrounding .Madison Square Gar
den tonight and attacked interna-
si!
of Our Delegate Decided; tf Uonal 'M,tiBlis,i, who nad attended.
a mass meeting and at which bol
United States Wins Great!; shevik doctrines were expounded.
Diplomatic Victory
The men and women leaving the
hull broke and fled as the men in
uniform charsed past the police. !
but were pursued into the sidt
iHy Review Leiised Wirei
Bi: EX OS AIRES. Not. 23.
Late newspaper dispatches say
Chile has withdrawn her conauis
from Peril. This will constitute a
diplomatic rupture, as there hat
been no ministers ia either coun
try since the Nitrate war. in
which Chile won Tacna and Ari a.
the cause of tlie present trouble
(Hy Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25. Delay;
in the announcement of the names of!
streets in all directions.
CONSULS ARE WITHDRAWN
LIMA, Peru, Nov. 23. It is offxiat
' announced that Peru has vith-
The attack on the socialists came
! heard often repeated. The entire
' people expressed their joy at being I
, . . .reunited with the motherland and af-:
FULCHER DESCRIBES HORROR !jirni j to ,he worW le unshaken at.
LONDON. Nov. 25 (British Wireless ) tachineiit of Alsace to France." I
Service). Lieutenant Fuicher, de-' I
nrrihini? the sinking of the Ticonde-1 nrcroiDTiriM nc n cct ' !
' a j u t viyi i - i v. rki.
roga to the correspondent of the Daily i LONDON. Nov. 23 (British Wire
Telegraph, said the Deutschland'sj Service.) Describing the Ger
commander left an American sailor; mau warsh;;is wheh surrendered to
afloat on a raft after the Ticonde-:tne Brjtish and now are interned in
roga sank, with the calm remark: S(ar,a now .the correspondent of the
"God will save him." ; Dailv Telegraph savs:
"The first shots from the subma-j ..fhe German admiral's flag, white!
rlne," Lieutenant Fulcher said, "bad-j wi; h a thin black cross and ,wo black
ly wounded the captain, killed the, balIit . intlloa tl-.e of his rank .still flew !
gun crew and set our ship on fire.U, the main top ganant of tlie Friede-'
r:.n .1 1-n.n iiiiL-lv 1 i 1 1 .i i lh vith ..... . -
I ut. - c Mu.v.j i ricli tier urosse as tne uerman squaa-:
ron moved between the British lines.
It hung limp and dirty typical In this
drawn her consuls from Chile as a re
sult of the anti-Peruvian rioting in
the American commissioners to the ! at the close of a meeting which threat- H rr - -"-..
peace conference at Versailles is ! enej from the moment it began to . T"e Tacna-Ariea controversy appar-
understood to be attributable to two I break into a riot. It was called osten- f " .' "ptp(,?aeh,"9a a ent,cal
., , . , , '. ,.k, . ,,-.., ,t,. .....;.,n following the .anti-Peruvian demon-
been reached as to the .number.' and. of Thomas J. Mooney, but Scott Near- "rat'" 'q'J'' T'.f. ''I'""
second, that all or the persons whom.ing. who presided, and the otmr j house, are -joort,.;! to have bamm
the president has in mind for place, j speakers devoted most of their atten-; and Peruvi cIuk
have not yet had an opportunity to, ion to pleas for the release of P-( wa, clc,ed and h Peruvia. consu,
sisuify their acceptance. litical offenders. . forcibly placed aboard the Chilean
It is regarded as desirable that the Red Flaggers Arrested ! steamer Palena. bound for Callao.
number of the American commission-1 Soveral nien naJ women were ,r. : The possibilities of hostilities be
ers correspond to the number tiamed ! ..,. f,.r rtiK!av;n n.A natrs smnir-1 tween Peru and Chil wer. th.. on
gled into the garden in defiance of an topic of discussion in Lima tonight,
edict. by Mayor Hylan. Large num-1 It is reported that the Peruvian gov-
bers of men in uniloim entered the"
building liefore the doors were locked j
with the avowed determination of pre-
PROVISIONS , The belief obtains in some quarters , They wcre Itstraine,i with difliculty i
j uere mat ,tue size oi me ceieguuon jjy (np ,
snouiu oe very mucii restricted. A :
t minimum of as low as three has been
considered and five seems to meet !
with some approval. It was saij to-'
day, that although this niii;ht appear!
BOLSHEVIKI CAPTIVES AND REF
UGEES FROM SAMARA SENT BY
r- i i i a r t r is I
, uj vai ii vi i n v- 1,1 1. t ruit:uic c lo.
WHICH IS REACHED AFTER SIX j Correspondence by cable now is going
WEEKS' TRIP OVER STEEPES ' " between Washington and the eu
WCEKS TRIP OVER STEEPES ten,e ca,)ita!s wUh th(! prpose cf
I coming to a common understanding on
i this point.
LACKED
AMONG PRISONERS COMING TO
ALLIED LINE WERE SOLDIERS,!
i
POLITICAL CAPTIVES TAKEN to
FROM JAIL, MEN AND WOMEN
INDISCRIMINATELY
be a small force with which to
! undertake the vast amount of im
j portant business which is to come be
i fore the conference, each delegation
diad. We managed to get the fire
lower boats, but
and confusion most
Thoueh Falline Short of Sur-l finguished and to
in une excitement anu cuuiuhiuh iuob.
nlus Sum Aimed at, Com-:of tha Pr fell,,W8 aboard were
K drowned.
mittee SaVS Over Two Hun- "The submarine again attacked us
nmiccwBj. j and we kept up our fire until we
AroA Millions In ' realized the ship was sinking and that
i It was useless to continue. We then
' decided to surrender."
I Although wounded, according to the
correspondent. Lieutenant Fulcher
took a pillowslip and waved it in place
of a white flag. The submarine came
along side and he was taken, together
with another American officer, aboard
the refisel. The submarine comman-
tions for their work during demobilt-1 der revolver in hand, asked the lieu
ration of the army and navy, accord- j tcnant where his chief gunner was
ing to an official announcement to- jie lieutenant told him all the gun
night by the national campaign com- ners were killed. It was then that a
mittees. This is the largest sum ever ' German-speaking American asked for
raised as an outright gift In tne nis-. help, but the submarine commanaer
ioi-v of the world. Mcnored him. except to say: "God will
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, Nov. 25. Total sub
criptions to the united war work cam
paign were 1203.179.038, or $32,679,038
in excess of the amount originally ask
ed by the seven war relief orgamza
state of all the German ships and
their crews. The ships were in such
condition that they looked like ves
sels laldby for breaking up purposes.
The.v could not have seen paint for
two years. Their sides, funnels and
bridges were covered with red rust
and the masts were black with soot.
The guns even had cot been painted
for months.
"The Derflinger was in better con
dition than any of the others and
there was an appearance on board
that discipline was still in vogue. On
all the other ships the crews were
lounging about, many on the quarter
decks, not recognizing their officers.
On the Derflinger tlie officers were
parading smartly about on their own
quarter, and the men were clean and
will be provided with numerous staffs
of experts capable of dealing with
any questions thut might arise and
VLADIVOSTOK. Sat.. Nov. 23
(Ey the Associated Press). Halfi
dead from starvation and disease.
1321 survivors of the original total j
of 2100 bolshevik prisoners and ref- ;
ugees in a train sent across SI- j
beria by the Ciecho-Slovak troops
fighting in Samara, Europeon Rub-
sia. have arrived at Nikolsk, near !
Vladivostok. The journey from the J
Ural mountains to the pacific coast
occupied six weeks.
by the police and detective from !
making an assault on the stage Scores
I of fist f igh.s were interrupted by of
ficers.
Defenders Gather Strength
Soldiers and sailors who were un
able to get into the meeting sent out
patrols to round up all the men in uni
form who could be found to join the
charge on the socialists which had
been planned U take place when the
oratory was ended and the interna
tionalists started for their homes.
(Continued on Rape Five
EIGHTEEN DIE
mm HPJiTMivii
.nun
LiiJiiiitmvj
BLASTS STEAMER
that probably better progress could j Madison Square was the rallying Bolt From Heaven SU Off
ue uhuu lo.aru uio conclusion oi for ,he mtlitary. Thpy quickly I
peace by a limited number Of Com- .fa-cH n inmromntu mu. meetine!
The survivors reached Nickolsk in
forty cars. The train carried no pro
visions and was without sanitary
equipment.
missioners who might be expected to
maintain more intimate relations
with one another than would be pos
sible with a large gathering. In con
nection with the second cause for de
lay in announcing the names of the
commissioners, it was said that some
of those invited to act, particularly
those of party affiliation opposite to
lithat of the president, scarcely would
care to accept unless they had an op
portunity to study very carefully the
instructions by which the commis
sioners will be strictly bound.
Meantime, probably no one but
at which speakers denounced the '
"bolsheviki." They were cheered not i
only by the men in uniform but by ;
civilian sympathizers. When some ;
one called upon "loyal Americans" to j
charge the Garden tmd attack the in-;
ternatlonalists, several hundred re- j
Btiuucu. i iiej uric urnej uain,
however, by mounted police and men
on foot who had surrounded the
building. Realizing that they had
(ailed in the first attack the soldiers
and sailors resumed their meeting and
awaited the arrival of reinforcements.
Probably 1000 men of both branches
Cargo, Blowing Ship to
Pieces and Killing Many of
Its Crew
President Wilson is aware of theof the 8ervice had assembled by the
I Br ReTiew Leased H'lre)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23. Eighte
men from the American steamer Du
maru lost their lives after the vessel
was wrecked near Guam last month
by lightning exploding her cargo of
gasoline. The navy department an
nounced today that sixteen of thi
men died of exposure and starvation
in an open boat and that two oter
were drowned when the boat with
fourteen survivors was making a land
According to the. committee every ! v uim. and thl. left the man to j p - " -- ; - -ate
in the union, except nt.syl-, his fa,e. ! and cold. Their clothing was no.,-
state
vania and Minnesota, exceeded its
quota and confidence was expressed
that these states will be "over the
top" 'when the returns from Philadel
phia and Minneapolis are in. Phila
delphia, a "war chest" city, has not
yet made an appropriation to the fund,
while Minenapolis postponed it. drive
until next month.
Fourteen states pledged 150 per rent
or more of their quotis, Arizona head
ing the list with 246 per cent. Per
centages of over-subscription by
states were: Delaware. 2:i0; Texas.
222; Louisiana and New Mexico, each.
186.
A feature of the campaign was the
manner in which men of the army and
navy and the inhabitants of foreign
countries contributed to the fund. The :
army and navy gave $618,346; China, i
(Continued on Page Five)
BIPLANE RESUMES ITS
DISTANCE FLIGHT BUT
descrlpt. There was an air of mel-
Of the K00 nersnriH mlaini frnm probable composition of the American J; ,
orderly. As we passed close to each j the original total, some "were shot : delegation, although it Is known that1 Make Big Charge
snip me men crowueu to me ran. . wnile trying to escape from the train. ; secretary tensing and t oionel House i Tn oDenint of the door of ihe Cur-; ing at San Jose. L'Orient. Philippine
Others lost their lives by throwing will be members. If precedent is fol-, j,,n was ,ilt. siKnai for a ,.,.1-ond Islands. November 9.
themselves from the car windows. lowed in the naming of the delegates. charf.e whjt.n the J)uU,v were unabt. i The dl,partmont asi announced
Disease, starvation and exposure ac- Ambassador Sharp at Paris also will ; to ,,, Th ...i.ii,,,- Btl.i .tii.,r. i ,., ,.,.cu. ,h .,.. .,f
ancholy and depression everywhere, counted for the remainder be one of the number. ! fousht their way past s ingin;; night ! "Frank Polin. naval ensign" as among
It v as a pleasure to come from them ! When the ( zecho-Slovak forces can- Ambassador Jusserand of France. ,i,.i,u ,,i .,..i,.,.i ,,.. ! i... .v.-. . i
WHEREABOUTS UNKNOWN j alongside our own great ships, whereitured Samara they loaded the innntes sill Mrs. Jusserand. will accompany : hati r,,ckeii thL. bilI i.nihlini. " i ,., in,h nai r.eir f officers
cxerjiiiniB i. spick iinu !N. ui un- j.iiis inn., iriinis inaisci mini- nraiorm ns.m iu r r.iiu e. inoiim-i Almost instantly the Square was it was assumed that this was
till
TI'CSON. Ariz.. Nov. 2r,. The
louphi-ad biplane "102," which
left Santa IUirbava. Cal., Satur
day rioming on a transconti
nental flight to Washington. D.
C. and was forced by engine
trouble to descend at Tacna. 200
miles wsi of here, resumed its
flii-'lit this afternoon and at 3:45
o'clock pissed over Sentinel.
Ariz, 111 miles east of Tacna.
No furl her report of the prog
ress of the machine had been re
reived here late tonight and its
whereabouts was unknown at the
offices of the Southern Pacific
railway.
f'ontlmie,l oil Page Klvei
((Vntlmieil on fane r'ivct
H'oiithiiUfl tin I':ik- K'ui t
PANCHO VILLA AGAIN IS OUT
JUAREZ, MEX, NOV. 25. COM-1 TRAIN FROM CHIHUAHUA WHICH HERE SATURDAY NIGHT ON THE
MUNICATION WITH CHIHUAHUA ; WAS DUE TO PASS VILLA AHU-1 LAST TRAIN. REPORTED THAT
CITY, BOTH BY TRAIN AND WIRE,' M ADA A FEW HOURS AFTER THE '.FRANCISCO VILLA WAS NORTH
WAS STILL INTERRUPTED TODAYl ATTACK OCCURRED. EFFORTS
AND NO FURTHER DETAILS OF j TO REACH CHIHUAHUA BY WIRE
THE SUNDAY MORNING ATTACK VIA LAREDO WERE WITHOUT RE
ON VILLA AHUMADA WERE RE-iSULT AND IT IS NOT KNOWN
CEIVED. FOUR AMERICANS ARE WHETHER THE TRAIN WAS
REPORTED TO HAVE BEEN ON TURNED BACK.
THE NORTHBOUND PASSENGER 1 PASSENGERS WHO REACHED
OF CHIHUAHUA CITY EN ROUTE
TO JOIN EPIFANO HOLGUIN.
WHO LED THE ATTACK ON VILLA
AHUMACA AND LATER DYNA
MITED AND BURNED A MEXICAN
CENTRAL FREIGHT TRAIN. 80
MILES SOUTH OF JUAREZ.
Square was it was assumed that this was a mi
it with yelling, running, fighting ', take in transmission and a duplies
, men. The scream of women, most of' Hon of the name of Frank Uolin. deck
i theni wearing red roses or carnations boy. Advices from Guam at the time
in lieu of the forbidden flags, rose the Duniaru went down, said Ensign
alH)V the din us they clawed and' A. C. Holmes, I". S. N., was a passcn
scratched the soldiers and sailors who i ger on the vessel and the department
were pummelling the male socialists. ' tins received no further word from
Chase Red Flaggers f him
Mounted police, reinforced by uuto-. With the exception of Ensis:i
mobile loads of reserves rushed from I Holmes all of the 47 passengers on
every station house within a radius of ! the ship have, been accounted for. The
miles, struggling valiantly to clear the ' crew left the ship in three boats and
squire but made little progress. SoI-'wo of these were picked up soon ai
diers and sailors, thoroughly angered i terwards. The third reached San Jos
alter .2 aays. for iu aays tnose on
the craft were without food and for
five days they were without water.
by what they considered an insidious
(Continued on Pnge Four) THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1918.
' TWO
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEN A. CAINL
.Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
nse for re-publication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches here
in are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mall Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
PER MONTH J -75
4 00
7.50
2.50
75
THREE MONTHS
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
I'VniV Our Ul'Mklvl T-.r TMf
srvnv itnr U'V1t Quarter
No Subscription Taksn For Loos Than 75 Cnta
THE CONQUEROR CONQUERED
In 1 87 1 , when General Wimpf fen went
to Prussian headquarters under the stress
of hopeless defeat, he pleaded for three
hours with Von Moltke for some modifica
tion of the conditions which had been fixed
at Sedan. To quote Alfred Rambaud on
the conference at the Chateau of Bellevue,
near Donchery:
"This cold and inflexible calculator, who
had reduced war to mathematical formu
las, was incapable of generosity as of anger
He had decided that the entire army, with
arms and baggage should be prisoners. Bis
marck took part in the conference. He
made one remark that has historical import
ance. 'Prussia will exact as terms of peace
not only an indemnity of four billion
francs, but Alsace and Lorraine. We must
have a good advance strategic line.'
" 'Demand only money,' then replied
Wimpffen. 'You will be sure of peace
with us for' an indefinite period. If you
. take from us Alsace and Lorraine you will
only have truce for a time; in France, from
old men down to children, all will learn the
use of arms, and millions of soldiers will
one day demand of you what you take
from us.' "
How the tables were turned, when at
General Foch's headquarters, the armis
tice, which provided for occupation of Alsace-Lorraine
by France and her allies, and
the forerunner of a peace which will give
these provinces back to France, was signed
by the German delegates, who could not
get their signature on that paper quick
enough. Wimpffen's prediction had come
true to the letter. And not only must Alsace-Lorraine
be restored, but adequate
compensation must be made to France and
Belgium for the immeasurable damage
wrought in these countries by the ruthless
Hun. The day of "no annexations and no
indemnities" is far behind.
France has suffered more than any 'of
her allies save Belgium, but the return of
Alsace-Lorraine makes the war worth
while to that nation which has removed
fcrever the menace that has towered on her
eastern borders since 1871.
METZ CF INTEREST TO AMERICA -
(Literary Digest.)"
Since the great battle that wiped out the
St. Mihiel salient in the beginning of Sep
tember, the citadels and spires of Metz
have lain before the eyes of the American
army and within range of the American
guns. As it happens, it is with a peculiar
appropriateness that Metz is made the ob
jective of the American armies.
Cumberland, who was the brother of
King George III, of England, was traveling
in France, and cne day he arrived at the
town of Metz, then a French possession. A
certain Ccunt De Broglie, a veteran of
many battles, was in command of the gar
rison, and, to do honor to his distinguished
visitor, he invited some of his officers to
meet him at dinner. Now it happened that
the Duke cf Cumberland was in disfavor
with his royal brother he was, in fact, in
banishment. He had lately received news
that certain of his majesty's colonics in
America had rebelled and declared them
selves free, declining to be subject any
longer to a tyrannical king. It wculd seem
that the Duke cf Cumberland told the story
with seme gusto, as if he were not alto
gether scrry that hi3 brother was in trouble.
One officer listened with particular at
tention. He was a youth of 19, tall and
thin, with a long nose and reddish hair.
His solemn expression and his somewhat
awkward manner contrasted strongly with
the frivolous ease and grace of the other
young officers present." He was a mar
quis of long descent, connected by marri
age with one of the greatest families in
France, and he had at his own disposition
a vf-ry large income. He listened intent
ly, he asked many eager questions, and
vhen he rose from the table he had made
a momentous and historic resolution. He
had resolved to abandon the pleasures and
luxuries of the gayest court in the world,
even to leave his young wife and child,
and to cast his lot with these strange rebels
in Amreica. In his own words, "When
first I heard of American independence,
my heart was enlisted!" That young man
was Lafayette; and when the American
army went to the front in France, it mere
ly paid a small part of the debt of grati
tude we owe that splendid young officer
that true nobleman.
ECONOMY SHOULD BE SLOGAN
Thos. E. Campbell has been elected gov
ernor of the state of Arizona by a sub
stantial majority, according to the official
count and the people of the state have thus
sustained the appeal made to them to right
the wrong done by the supreme court and
have cast aside party lines to end machine
rule, which has prevailed since statehood.
Governor Campbell will resume his seat
as the chief executive under auspicious cir
cumstances. The war is at an end and a
great period of reconstruction and expan
sion ahead with wonderful opportunities
for service. Governor Campbell will not
labor under the same handicap as he did
during the eleven months of 1917, when,
with a contest continually hanging over his
head, he tried to serve the state as gover
nor. His first great task on January first
will be to clean house from sellar to garret.
He was elected to do that job and the peo
ple expect him to do it well. There should
be no vestige of the machine left when he
gets through wielding the ax.
The people of the state look to Tom
Campbell to give Arizona a sound business
government, cutting out the extravagances
which have crept in through abuse of
power.
We hope to see in the new governor's
message recommendations for economy in
the state government. The opportunities
are great and Governor Campbell should
make good use of the pruning shears.
While measures of economy must origin-,
ate in the legislature, the new governor
can recommend them and refuse to sign
the appropriation bills unless they are car
ried out.
Governor Campbell has the experience
and capacity to govern Arizona, econom
ically and if the legislature will give him
co-operation he can Cut the tax rate ma
terially. It behooves everyone to follow closely
the advice of physicians in the matter of
avoidance "of the influenza and to obey
rigidly every rule and order given out by
the state, county and city health depart
ment. There are yet many cases of the
epidemic in the city and every precaution
should be taken to avoid it and stop its
further spread.
Hon. Mulford Winscr has been re-elected
to the state senate from Yuma county.
He will, of course, be a candidate for the
presidency of that body, but this paper
hopes that someone can be found for that
honor who has not been so prominently
connected with the Hunt machine in the
past.
The organization of the coming session
of the legislature will be watched with in
terest by the people of the state, as the or
ganization will indicate whether the ' law
making body of Arizona is to be under the
control of democrats or bolshevikis.
That was seme naval surrender, as de
scribed in the Review. The allied naval
commanders were prepared for any treach
ery, but happily everything was carried out
according to the terms of the armistice.
As a result of the recent election. Ari
zona is now provided again with a law
which provides adequate punishment for
the crime cf murder. The hangman's
noose has been restored.
There should be no hesitancy on the part
cf Germans about turning over ships
vhose maintenance is expensive and winch
ore likely to get the country into trouble.
The Hun made his atrocities so hideous
that people would hesitate to speak of
them needlessly. In arranging for p.r.ce
he will, no ccubt, seek advantrge fror. iKb
fact. .
Prctcctieriists and frss traders aroo
thr.t at this moment "tariff for revevmc
cr.Iy" i3 sufficient to absorb all available
resources.
State and County News Briefs
County News
", ! new building is entirely completed
jjand all of the fixtures are in place.
The office is an up-to-date one in ev
j . ery sense of the word and is souie-
M thini? of whirh Mpra tn.'iv iiiRtlv ft!
i l proved. It has been leased by the
justly ling restrictions, there is to be imnie- j government for a term of ten years;
the building is the property o! Una
Ioui;Ias. Duurja.i citizens ar
I iiroiid that a young man so wellidiate construction of the new school
! known thoulil have played a part in house at Ajo. a structure to cost $ 125,-
i the sreat world battle. Willie Igo, OU0 and to be .paid for almost entirely
Lieut. Crooks Scott of Douelas and,a3 he j familiarly known, waj for a by the New Cornelia Mining com-
a recent graduate of West l'oiut re-; number of years an employe of the pany.
ived orders yesterday to ;rooeed to j Phelps Dod.ue store. He worked In
Fort Monroe. Va., where he will be-.tIle delivery department and was Ray: Lt. Eugene T. Green of Ray,
come an ofticer !n the Coaat artil-! known to almost every ono in the who has been flying a bombing plane
lery. Lieutenaut Scott U a Douglas ; city. He had a sunny Irish smile and j in France, has been decorated with
boy and his friends here wish him all the disposition that goes to make the French croix de guerre. He is the
success.
every man his friend. He 13 survived first Arizonan upon whom this honor
'by bis mother, Mrs. Miry Igo. two sis-' has been conferred.
ters and four brothers, John Igo of
Cal., nd Louis and Roy Igo, both of
Douglas. International.
D. A. Ri. naruson of Dou;!a has or- Tombstone. Joe Ipo of San Diego,
Kaiuzed at Cananea for eastern mln
:ng men the Compania de Cobre Mex
icano, S. A., with a capital of 10,000
pesos. It is merely a leasing and de
velopment company to acquire prop
erties which will be turned over to
mining companies.
Tucson: After a railroad engineer at
Tucson had contributed to cents to
the united war work fund, his fellow
employes painted his cnb a vivid yel
low. The engineer then experienced
somery, an old time mining man, who
died two years ago fn Car.anea. Mont
gomery left a fortune of $50,000, most
ly in United Verde Extension stock.
1 it Is said. He wai au old prospector
who had been in this part of the
' country 40 ycare and was a friend of
i James S. Ioug!as. As he had no
known heirs, an administrator was
s7,u"8 taJ,c" uuw 1,1 "" - vh " app0inU.,i for his estate, which would
who came here from a oUtance fork. w.nj ,0 ,he 6,ate of ArI,ona tad
medical attention. ' Montsomery-8 last will been fosnd
recently by Ur. Lynch. As soon as
The work of transferrins tSO.OUOihe arrives the will wul ba probated
rk"r1e T l.vnih if YVpr Virginia
will arrive in Douglas in a few days' change of heart and ave two days'
to nroLate the will of Charles Mont-if lo ln luau-
Tho allotmant for vVilicos for the
united war work JunJ was $310.
Altogether S7S7.r0 bas been sub
scribed and its quota more than
doubled. The influer.ra epidemic has
stent its force at Willcox. Very few
cases have develooed lately. The
serious cases now in town are people
Kingman: James St. Charles of
Kingman, who went to France in Junc-
en special service, u.s tcua over ti
top four times, been
wouuded in the le by
Mahoney.
Ajo. Renwick White was one of the
Ajoites turned back at Tucson while
en route "to war." His application to
try for a commission in the heavy
(coast) artillery officers' training
school at Ft. Crockett, near Galves
ton, Texas, had Just been accepted
and he was ordered to report for in
duction into the service.
Phoenix: While not a tingle oa of
the 2'i prisoners from the county jail
who were taken to the Emergency
hospital suffering from the Spanish
influenza succumbed to that disease,
E. W. Gilbert, the special guard de
tailed in charge of them during their
stay at the hoppital, died from the
influenza. In Phoenix only a short
i'rue bti'ore, he agreed to serve the
rasid hl.ea;counlT lo lue capacity oi special nos-
i ..... i j . ... i : . . i . : . .w .
hrl ).,, i L)ii.:i ucuubjr, i:LLie kuuvu vi iuc
wounded in the hand bv a ballet ar.ia,"aa Dlan wno ul oe ounea m ibis
had typhuiJ fe.er. I-'11?- according to advices received
! f rora his eastern relatives by the J. T.
Whitney Undertaking company. Sher-
a tele
gram from K. Gilbert from St. Paul
ia-.;i:iriiig about his son.
.'.:::r:Mr yesterday received
IUII1D A Uliauic, .ill J. IJ.M .VlJ, Ut.llir
crat, and Mrs. Mary HcGso. repa'jl.-!
can, candidates for recorder of t'inul !
county, had each received t-e
worth of whisky from bottles to bar-1 D. A. Richardson .is attorney for the number of votes, 1050. In any event, Nogaies: Lieutenant rinmy. of the
rels began at Douglas on Saturday j devisees. 'ne race between these two v. omen is, 25th infantry, is reported to have ad-
niornin-, arousing considerable in- - so close that it will probably take a re-j mitted the shooting of Sgt. William J.
rousing
terest. The odor of the spirits was
wafted far and wido and drew a num
ber of the curious. While a few of
the privileged looked on. Deputy
United States Marshal Hudson and
I5ob Courtney "poured," as the society
editor says when she writes up an
afternoon tea. The liquor is being
placed in barrels for shipment to
Phoenix for the government.
Miss Lena Allen and C. W. Man
sam were married at El Paso Satur
day evening. November 9, at the
home of Mrs. F. A. McCullough, Rev.
V. R. Knickerbocker performing the
ceremony. Mrs. Manpam has resided
at Willcox all her life and for the
last few years- has been connected
with the Mountain States Telephone
company. Mr. Man gam has for ser
eral years been with the same com
pany and is now stationed at EI Paso.
The many friends of Mrs. Uangam
extend their congratulations and join
in wishing the young couple a long
life, happiness and prosperity. They
will make their home at El Paso.
count to determine who is elected.
When the news that Will Igo was
killed in acUon October 6' was re
ceived there were many Douglas
friends who heard It with deepest re
gret The young man was very well
Known here and had a host of friends.
He was a native of Cochise .county,
Arizona, being practically reared in
A number of citizens of Willcox
met Wednesday evening at the Ma
sonic hall and organized a chamber
of commerce. This Is the first cham
ber of commerce in this city, and it
started out in a must auspicious
manner. For more than a year our
entire attention has been centered
I 11, MMAn AnAnf n rmc a 1 anna
No; thJ r is over." RonS that effect The Mohave board took
Kingman: Mrs. Sophronia Walker
was recently arrested at her home
south of Kingman, charged with mak
ing false afifduvit to keep her son out
of the draft. The lad told draft of
ficers that he was only 17 years old
and his' mother signed an affidavit
is at hand and the place to begin re
construction is at home. This was
thoroughly realized by every one pres
ent. There prerailed the greatest
spirit of unity and harmony which
augurs well for the future of Willcox.
Short addresses were delivered by H.
the matter up with the board at Al
pine. Texas, where the Walkers form
erly lived, and learned that young
Walker was 20.
White, whose body was found near
the gas house on the night of Novem
ber 8 It is told that Lieutenant Fin
ney, who was accompanied by another
junior officer, became angry becaae
the sergeant, when saluting tailed to
remove a cigarette from bis mou;:i
Several persons saw two officer
burr) leg down the street, after hear
ing a ahoL Lieutenant Finney'a ad
mission is said to have been brought
about by the direct charge of hi
' brother officer. The case wilf be hand
led by court-martial, according to re-
! port.
Flagstaff: Flagstaff celebrated the j
signing of the armistice by burning ; Tucson: Harry C. Wilson of Doug-
A. Morgan, Lyman Hays, S. B. Brown. tne Kaiser in euigy. t: Arango. wno;ias, wanted Dy me ieuerai uumur
and others. Lunch was served under has three brothers in France, was the i for his alleged connection with the
the capable management of Mr. and; high bidder for the privilege of touch-. SiOO.uOO bcoTie cache uncovered some
Mrs D. D. Simms. ! in8 lne match to the effigy. He paid j time ago at Pirtleville, a suburb ot
J ! . i110, which was turned over to the ; Douglas, was brought to Tucson from
' united war work fund. ' Deming, S. M., where he wa arrestea
' jby Deputy United States Marshal G.
i Pr,..tt- Thr .tin i. a .iinrimu ! W. Ramsay. Wilson was arraigned.
'-' tof mechanics on the construction work ! before United States Commisison-r
Ray: The Ray Consolidated Copper; of the hospital construction at Whip-1 cKeyes of Deming and bound ow
company's subscription to the united 1 pie barracks. Fifty cement mixers at to local bond f -j(K ' 00 1 ,
war work fund was $35,000. I 43 2-3 cents an hour. 100 carpenters charge of violating the Reed amtnu-
r 'at 75 tents and an unlimited number mint Wilson was arrested - by Doun-
Glendale: Mrs. Otto Hanson, who 'of laborers at 30 cents an hour, are I la officers during the raid on Uk-
owns three large ranches north of , being calle3 for. Overtime is paid for iti-sxy cacne. out esrau irum -u -..
1 . 1.11. ;H B-Llk kit i m tVA i Tl ' f 'I L i Tl
About the State
Glendale, is personally looking after at time and a half.
more than a dozen employes who have j
influenza. . i Mesa: The Mesa
Phoenix:
postoffice will
j move into its new building on South
Under the release of build-' iMcDonald street next Sunday. The
toraobile, in which he was being tak- a
to Douglas, it is said.
REVIEW WANT ACS
BRING RESULTS
w -arm, Atiw
WE ARE ALL of Us Going to Be VERY THANKFUL
On Thanksgiving Day, for the wonderful peace and happiness that the end of the war has brought. We are go
ing to be thankful that everybody is so happy after these four clouded years.
SOME OF US ARE GOING TO COMPLETE CUR HAPPINESS "
by putting on new clothes to match our smiling faces. We are coming down tc-.vn tomorrow to ihis wonderful
.of Dresses at $19.75
This is unquestionably an occasion without precedent in years at this time of season. Dresses that will set a
rev landmark in values in Bisbee. In materials and trimming and even to the workmanship their superiority will
instantly impress you. Satin dresses in different shades cf satin. Some of them embroidered and braided, in both
tunic effects and straight lines. Georgette and satin combinations in navy blue, black, brown, grey and plum. Sizes
too, for every woman and miss.
SUCTION ON DRESSES
SILK TRICOLETTE, CREPE MtETECR, GEORGETTE. WOOL JERSEY, MANISH SERGE AND SERGE AND
SATIN COMBINATIONS
This lot of dresses comprises only the very newest and most wanted styles The kind you expect from
"Fair." It is going to be a great event. No woman with an understanding of clothes could look at these smart
and fashionable dresses and not feel a little thrill of pleasure and appreciation over such an opportunity. ..All the
favored colors are represented; all the newest features; some are smartly tailored, while others are charmingly ebb
crated with beading, braiding, embroidered motifs and fringe trimmings.
NOTE THE REDUCTIONS:
I
$30.00 Dresses at, S2L93
$32.50 Dresses at $22.S5
$35.00 Dresses at $24.95
$40.00 Dresses at $27.95
$45.00 Dresses at $31.95
$490 Drees
at
$52.50 Dresses at $33.95
57.00 Dresses at $41.95
$65.00 Dresses at $46.85
$75 00 Dresses at $51.95"
$79.50 D.tsses at $33.95
$89.50 Dresses at $64-95
Blue Serge Middies, Special, $3.95
Good quality cf blue serge, trimmed in red a;,d write braid, tailored pocket, blue and red sailor Lev." knot
ticj well n-rtdc and very popular, and jurt the thing fo- (hese cool days. Special $3.95
SECOND FLOOR- BLOUSE DEPARTMENT.
1
i
5
I
5 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1918.
THREE
l
I
?
Roll of Honor of Those
Who Subscribed to United
War Work in This DM
F. E. Brovley
Jose Alvarez
DENN ARIZONA
I'rick Strom
hlof H:.rotlso:i
.,::tt. Ciimo
) C.ri . ivrersen . . . .
-': lr; Marks n
COPPER
$
4 T
fi.(Lc ' M. ::. lfrork
1 I!. I. Kim ii
5.H0
CO.
l'.'.OO
T..v .
7. rn
lo.;.')
10.00
5.;-5
3."0
TOM TURNER SLACKED
THE THIRST OF THE
WILLGOX CITIZENS
CHATTUCK ARIZONA CO?FCR CO.
;;: Ciison
. II. IVrry
ro.'io-.vins; are two additional lists' G. yoCurty ...
of numbers or the county's' honor roll M- K- HU1
in me recent uuiiea war uui .im
I:ii.n. the fir.n that of subscribers
to the campaign resident ot :aeo, ana j. C- i-mta
the latter a li.-t of additional subscrib-' y tiiesler ..
rs in the Shattuck mine and their. ,ewtoii ..
Oeun mine of this district. In a for-1 s uK Romo
r.:er publication the lists of employes Jr Va!iate
tf thesa two ccmpanies were published j. 1veatt
U." heading L. nn mine; the propor-j ffi H-alj
tioi: i f employes in the list was about y Frascr
wenly divii-d between the Shattuek 'r G "
ai.ci trie iiean uramauuiis.
-Mr. !:ai;ee
Win. Russell
I). Tarbell
Mr. H bard
Mss Mor-no
A. J. Hron ;
1'. R. Keepey
Yrs. M. L. Kenton..
Mr. 'i'ownei
A. !'ev":e?n
1'r Fitccr
F. IV Cook 4. .
V. G. r.row
K. I'rov.n
Sarkise Dominares
John J. Newell . . .
A. Wilson
C. S. Roberts
j Mrs. K. A. Folsom.
rKfH)!Mr. Paschal
10.00 Mr. Irullard
5.00 Mr. Humphrey
1.00 A. Donahoe
l.cO Mrs. Wowdle
5.00 Carolina Martinez
1 '0 Mrs. . Martinez .
50.00 Mits I'.ernsteis ...
o.'to Mr. Havhersts ....
50.00 II. H. Reynolds . . .
5.00 N. EcnoranJ
20.00 , A. Almada
5.00 II. ToIKaro
50.00 Mr. Vrn Wye
10.00, Mr. Small
5.00 Mr. C. Downim; ...
5.00 Miss Xal.livpcr ...
1.00
5."'0
i1
IX 0
'2 00
1.00
5.00
5.00
5.00
25.00
5 00
2.00
15.00
10.00
2.50
2.50
2.50
1.0O
1.00
1. 00
5."0 Clean 1,. Allen .
2.00 i W. J. Hoesch . .
Hi.tsford
V. V.. He! ford ..
"l-.it. M.-.r.'.n ...
J. V. Stocl.ham
Chas. Gilbert ...
L. F. Barber
Inocenti Moreno
M. C. Browne ...
V. M. Campbell .
S. B. Cregovlch .
Nick Bojkovirh .
Phil Henuins . . .
Henry Hjt.seii ..
Con Ilorsan
B. W. Johston ..
Alfred Kumpula
John Lopke
Hozo Limbich .'.
Phil McNulty ..
Moses Palmer . .
John Wesa
5.00 j Chaa. Bentley .
1.00 Joe Bevan
5"; ( toward HiirXe .
I has. Carlson ..
1.'.' : iiimh Furceu -.
5 CO i Nick Fian'Ui . .
5 0 !: John Ferryman
i 0.0 ! ! Wni. Grry
10.00, W. H. Gi'bert ..
5.0 Alfred Kart ...
lo.OO
7.00
10.00
5. So
10.00
S.otl
7.00
10.00
4.:i5
6.10
5.85
6.10
6.10
6..15
5; o
5.S5
5.S5
C.lo
5.S5
5.85
6.10
6.10
6.35
6.10
6.10
6.35
off 26 head of horses. Turner took
the trail the lu-xt mornini; and over
took the thieve in the north end of:
the Chirieahuas.
In the fiijht that cusiwd he kilkd
three of them. A fourth made his
c-fi ape. Tlie .lt ?.it ans had been Kiiess
Iuk prettv close at il e proximity of
! Turner. One bullet cut a hole in hrs
sleeve and ai;o:niT went through the
PUB; Mushy part of his lc;.
THE i Tunu r knew very 1:U about the
!l::v. hut he hail an :l:.m.;t s.inerti-
EARLY HISTORY OF NORTHERN i tIous rpf..ir,, jor it. klle,,. (h:lt th(.
PART Or COUNTY: TURNER , ui a pn i'y
PHOENIX
LISHE3
REPUBLICAN
A STORY OF
WELL KNOWN HERE
si rious basincsf .
11"
did not knotv
iwhat niitht be dene to him, but he
I feared it, would be a pl-'My.
He rounded op his horm in a sort
Til-; retent vL-'.l lo'l'hocnix of Tom of natural corral and fer out lor 'ill
T'uaer former sheriff of Santa Cruz cox, where he arrived tl.o u. .l tuoru
.cuntv. and nx.v er.ed :.i the cattle'";-, lu a !i-eeted to the justice
,., . , -f the peace a vem raole and solemn
hr.si-ioss on the C ai.-.raia side of the , visased personage to whom he related
aboe .N' O.i .---. reca1led son:
: sver
ii ri-."
h:-s be
i :'.'.!:.) o. iurce
n.c: ily in Avizoua, says
i'lio jr.i.t ilep'.rj'u an.
the story of his ad.entiue. The jus-
whiihitiee offered r.o coin!:i"iit, hut invited
(;K, iurner to oreaKiasr. :
I tneu lie n.uii'Je j up a coroner s jury ,
Mr. Turaer cat mi; to tho territory ! at'u with 1 urtser set out lor ti.e scene
irem TeJ:a v.icv. a very youtit: mail! of the traced.", .vii iniuiet was held ,
raid he s -tt! d ia a ranch on the San and the budie-; w re bonel and the!
l eJro below tensoa. He h.id a little party return'"! to vVillcox. No intinia-'
:;u ;n-v vhicU he ir.vesf i in stock. I lion had be a i v t : . 'I i;n.er as to his
TUStte
,ht a band of .Mexican tattle probable fate. Th
invaded his ranch and
par;
wee.t into
:l.
. Joelson . . .
,iol ICnre;!
6.35 L;,::is Mi'.rcvich ,
6.10 Frr.nk Nieminen
5.S5 Nicl: Perish
6.10 J.V'r, ' Siiiala
5.S5 Stanley. Tierney
6.10 W e.sh y Wilson ..
ran the back room of a saloon for an .id-
I judication of tiie ailair. Turner was
1 invited to tell his Mory to the jury.
5-S5 He did so. The old justice removed
5. So Ihis spectacles, polished thim at length
610 1 and impressively readjusted them,
5.S51 stroked his lirai; wl:ite beard and
"'O looked severely at
o.So
;.S5 '
"Vouns man." s:
1 uraer.
id he.
3U nave
you deserve thi
this court can
severest punishment
nul:-t unon you.
1 ' " I
TVJBJKSrjlSWTTrJii K-V??A".J a.-X' 5.yJ.!!ia-atUVt.gaW5maB Damned 11 I don t fine you the drinks ,
fjpTJgf jt0r..the lown ' thit other!
E plfilppl ! ofTthenine.'' lt took him 'all ' day "to
f H3l5,T1Hih-rr.-:;4 I another house and collected
si
JL-f .
F
isbee Fuel and
eeci
C
ompany
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
Jr& q
wooo
V V v
Bisbee Fuel and
ai 'V Ut
Phone 121
Cii'Ice Below Copper Queen Hotel
J
eventually he trer.ted every man who
could be induced to take a drink.
i It coat him $14.
When Turner was elected sl'.eru'l' ol
! Santa Cruz county, he found the cus
! coiu of pistol totinj: prevalent. It was ,
' v. orse there than in any other place'
i.i the west. There were not n:a!:y ,
I :;oiriciues, a fait probably due tothe
I . iiiversal armament of tiie population. ,
' Everybody was afraid to start any-
jtniaK. i
The clerks iu the stores all packed
iu:ns. When they left their work at
n.:;ht they buckled on their 6-.shoot-,
era and Infested the dance halls and ;
gambling houses. Turner determined
to break u? the pistol packing custom.
He lirst published or posted a notice
that it was contrary to tiie Jaw and ,
nave warning that the iaw would be
eniorced. Soon thereafter, one ni;;ht i
he entered the Palace, kept by M. M.
Conn, the largest gambling house in
own, with a revo.vcr iu ef.cii l;:'id. '
Ha was foiioved by Deputv Shcrifl Bo,
J. Whitesiiles, armi d v.'.i'a a sa.my
i-ack.
j There were about 150 persons in the
: long gambling rooms. Turner ordered
1 all of them to stand fai i,i the wail
! W.'.itesides went alon li.e iiiie "frisk-i
.
CJ Ever think what would happen if your income
ceased abruptly?
Cj Suppose it occurred today, or this week how
would you stand? '
Cj Are you properly prepared with a bank account
against such an emergency?
CJ Bank with us.
it. He found a
y mar.. Thence '
g in on almost ,
'urner
K':i4y.t:??."-:::;.i;.!y--y'' tZMirvVCVy' JL a. a. T 1 O.
fHan:;niH!;;i;!!!ii!iS
TiraTgW'tfrrrit-
fifteen cents for
twenty Lucky Strikes.
You get the real Bur ley
cigarette for the lowest pos
sible price, because of the
enormous business done in
Lucky Strike Cigarettes.
The growth in demand for Lucky
Strike Cigarettes has never been
equalled by any other brand in the
history of cigarette making.
55,000,000 a day and growing."
iir.triir.t
ill!
n: t;
r-ihu.ii-.i;:
;;p!ttn!U;:-
in
mmm
He kept this up from time to time
.'jr a week until he had a collection of
.ometuing more thaa a thousand re
volvers, so far as e.e c juid asc. rtaiu.
all the revolvers in Nosales.
LEAVE FOR MONTANA
The Mis. .?s Mndsuy and Tucker 1 fl
yesterday for Iiiiinrr3. :,iont., wnere i
they will take po-.Itio.is which have
! been offered them. il;i route thev in-,
I tend to visit in Rocky Ford and Den-.
! r, Colo. Miss Lindsey formerly was
j .villi the Iiuxton-Smith company here,
: while Miss Tucker was with E. . A. j
; Tovrea. They have been popular in!
j i isbee r.r.d are known to many local;
:v,omen wuc me' tnem-at t!.o i. v.. I.
I A., where they r . iJed d.-rir.,; their:
BARRETT
TT
fiiver-iLiasoc feoo
See advertisement cn inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock.
Bisbee Lumber Co. inc.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
i local stay. !
Madam Clark
ilmtotrurt:
ill
,:; :. -W.; r ... ,. !.::.;:. (,'' -
. ,;.:'t;..:r!r..;;ilil:4;!; ;,..:..t.;..i:.
.;::i.:iu.;tl,!' ' :.: i:-;-. '
.:. ;:!::,:Mt t!!; ;t ::.,t-i '
iM;!:::-::,:',-:::!'!
,' , ,V!
iillliniii';
liHitr-iti;:-
mm
!
j
I J i
; CLAIRVOYANT
Ti'.O Well kTI'V'l l 1.1 1 1 I : . ! !1 1 tilVi-.! 1 1
: .:;! hf Jl :uh ice . Ii : !:,;,; . ;" !:.'. :
' i . w h::t .s I;. !.: y. :i P... "
C S. (':!' r 'I: ..' (l'. ' ' ' j
: '' v ' : ' I i
'. a. :.tii i. i .....! .. . h .1 .
CARFEITTERS ABANDON
WCRK-CAN'T GET BOARD
The plane truth is, they could have "plank
steak" three times a day if they'd put a
Board Want Ad in The Review Classified
'Columns!
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
the, best of ?f.rs't')h:2 at reasonable a In crte pric?.
A S-jeciai 60c luncheon dullv. Also $!.C0 dinner fro-n
. :.-V: J:. Uczrd by the month, 45.CO
V:-
L. J. GYERLQCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Prir-e, Wrbr & Co.. Soston. rluth, Calumt.
LOGAN & BnVAN, NEW YO.K AND CHICACO
SPECIAL ATiTiniON GIVEN COPPER STOCK
... ' , . ........ . . . ... i .r . .. ... . '. . I
-"w.::;!-fct:t!S-:fe.Hr;:.::nH:3!:!H:l;i:H .!:n:;t::U.i:!i.j;ij:t:;:tl?il!:tTijft;!!tt:t:riUti!
LOWELL HOTEL. P00.M NO. 1
Lowell, Ariz.
:;eviev7 Want Ads Enrss ResuL THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER Z6, 1918.
FOUR
DENVER WAGING
WAR UPON "FLU"
(By Review Leased Wire)
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 25. Nine
deaths from influenza and 595 new
cases of the disease were reported to
the city health authorities for the 4S
hours ending at 4 o'clock this after
noon, bringing the totals since the epi
demic began here to 601 deaths and
7730 cases. The renewed war against
the disease was marked by the open
ing of three emergency hospitals.
Today also saw another revision In
the city's rules governing the wear
ing of gauze masks. Early in the day
it was announced that policemen
would be instructed to see to it that
the rule Issued Saturday and requir
ing the wearing of masks in stores
and on street cars, was enforced to
the letter. City Attorney James A.
Marsh, however, advised Dr. Wm. H.
Sharpley that no existing city ordi
nance gives the city this power, so the
rules have been amended to make
the wearing of masks compulsory on
the part of all persons meeting the
general public in their business, such
as street car conductors, employes in
stores and ushers in theaters and on
all persons attending theaters or fre
quenting poolhalls.
At the same time, the city recom
mends that all persons entering stores
or riding on 6treet cars wear , masks
and has instructed its police officers
to see that the rule limiting the num
ber "f ""sons on a street car to 65
la enforced. ih--35
Material improvement in conditions
throughout the state was reported to
Dr. E. E. Kennedy, secretary of the
state health board, today. Pueblo is
the only city where the death rate is
not smaller than a week ago, the
lastest Pueblo report showing thirtv
five new cases and eleven deaths in
one day. Dr. Kennedy is authorizing
the lifiting of the closing ban in many
cities, and is permitting schools to re
open where the boards give assurance
that the children will be given medi
cal examination at least daily.
PORTO RICO STRICKEN
(By Review Leased Wire)
SAN JUAN", Porto Rico, Nov. 25. it
is estimated that there are 60.000
cases of influenza in Porto Rico.
Schools in 15 towns are beicg used a3
hospitals.
i GERMANS HAVE FLU
(By Review Leased Wire)
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, Nov. 25.
Influenza made its appearance among
the interned Germans at the third war
prison camp at Ft. Douglas with the
result that 21 cases are in the prison
isolation hospital. Twenty of these
cases developed Sunday, it became
known today, and one was reported to
night Salt Lake has been in the
grip of the epidemic for seven weeks
with the prospects of another ten days
before the ban on public gatherings
will be lifted.
GERMAN GENERAL ARRESTED
(By Review Leased Wire)
BERNE, Nov. 25. It is reported
from the frontier that the well known
Bavarian Lt. Gen. Krafft von Dellmen
fingen, who took a prominent part iu
the Dalmatian campaipn, was recent
ly arrested at Ulm, Wurtteniberg, and
brought to the fortress at Neu Ulm.
Lt. Gen. Krafft von Dellmenfingen
was in command of the forces which
on several occasions defeater the Ru
manian a riii y and iinally joined up
with o:h.?r Teutonic armies advancing
on Bucharets in 131G. He was award-
Suppose the
Candy
Factories
Were Closed!
Would YOU Be Benefited?
You would get one-third pound more "
sugar per month for that's the amount
per person used by candy manufacturers.
But is .that worth while?
It it worth while to throw 200,000 people (mostly worn; n) out of
work and c'jstroy an industry that has $110,000,000 invested, merely
that you may have two and one-half table-Epoons of sugar more a
month for your coffee or fruit?
Yet these are the figures of the llnit-d States Food Administration,
which says "the candy industry has been restricted to a point be
yond which further reduction in the use of sugar will do more harm
than good." "Candy manufacturers have already suff red g-eater pri
vation than individual householders."
Please remember that candy is not a luxury, but a pure, wholesome
foci containing sugar, fruit, nuts, raisins, chocolate and ether ingredi
ents. It supplies a wonderful amount of quick fuel for th; human
system.
Candy is the universal food; it speaks all languages; it dries the
tears in the eyes of little children; wreathes the fac- s of old age
In smiles; it is the unspoken message of the lover to his sweetheart;
it brings joy to the horn;; it is healthful and nourishing. Can as
much be said of any other food? Eat candy but eat It mcderatcly.
THE CANDY INDUSTRY OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA AND ARIZONA
l -V BUY W. S. S. -V i
jed the Order Pour le Merite by the
i German emperor.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25. Fifty
thousand school children of San
Francisco returned to their studies to
dnv when the schools were reopened
'after having been closed for nearly
' six weeks on account of the epidemic
of Spanish influenza.
NATIVES ARE STRICKEN.
NOME. Alaska, Nov. 25. Nome,
which has suffered severely in deaths
through the influenza epidemic, is
struggling to give aid to native vil
lages to the north and east in which
the toll of death is still alarming. In
two days 30 natives died in one of
these villages and reports brought
here said that fully 100 more deaths
were probable.
At Solomon, east of here, there are
40 orphaned native children. .The
Eskimo village on Spruce ereek was
vinori nut hv the disease.
In Nome there have been five more
deaths of white persons, inducting
three mine operators.
IRISH TURKEY FOR
THANKSGIVING MEAL
Turkey need not necessarily be the
chief dish for the coming Thanksgiving
dinner, says the home economics di
vision of the federal food administra
tion for Arizona which is encouraging
the idea of an all Arizona dinner for
the coming observance.
Irish tukey, if it originates in Ari
zona, will be quite as appropriate as
the American variety, it for any rea
son the latter is not available or is
too high in price.
Here is an ideal Thanksgiving din
ner in which Irish turkey is the piece
de resistance:
Fruit Nectar in Frappe cups
Irish Turkey Escalloped Potatoes
Tomatoes stuffed with hominy
Spoon com bread Apple sauce
Ripe Olives
Salad of Whole Cabbage
Wafers
Date Pudding Corn Syrup Sauce
The following recipes are given for
the preparation for Irish turkey and
some of the other dishes named in the
above menu. They will be found valu
able assistance to the housewife in
the preparation of an all Arizona
Thanksgiving dinner.
Irish Turkey Have bone removed
from fresh ham. Fill with bread stuf
fing, skewer into shape, season with
salt and pepper, and roast, allowing
20 minutes to the pound.
Cabbage Salad Cut the center of a
firm head of cabbage out. Shred the
portion of cabbage .removed, add
chopped nuts and shredded pimien
toes. Blend with boiled salad dressing
and refill the cabbage bowL Place this
salad bowl on a plate garnished with
sprigs of parsley.
Date Pudding 1 tablespoon fat, 1-2
cup sugar, 1 cupful chopped dates, 1
cupful broken pecan meats, 1 egg well
beaten, 3-4 cup flour, 2 teaspoons bak
ing powder. Mix in order given and
bake in a moderate oven.
Corn Syrup Sauce-2 tablespoons
fat, creamed with 3-4 cupful corn
syrup. Blend into this 1 well beaten
egg yolk. Flavor with 1 teaspoon of
vanilla. Just before serving add the
stiffly beaten egg white.
That canny
visited Osiend
evacuation and
gian flags will
of American,
ones in Berlin,
graph.
German trader wjo
some days before the
sold thousands of Bel-
be having a fine sale
French and English
N. Y. Morning Tele-
.
THE
TRUTH
ABOUT
CANDY
ALLEGED GANGSTER
PLEADS FEAR AS
HOPE J)F FREEDOM
CLAIMS HE WAS INTIMIDATED
AND COMPELLED TO GO ALONG
WITH SHERIFF; ROBBERY VIC
TIMS TESTIFY HIS DEMEANOR
DID NOT BETRAY FEELING
CPv Hfv-w UiiM Wire)
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 25. George
Eudaley, said to be the only member
of the Lewis-Jones bandit gang, which
terrorized Colorado Springs and Den
ver, Sept. 13, who has not been killed,
died of disease, or convicted of a
penal offense, went on trial in crim
inal court here today on a charge of
committing robberywhile armed.
Eudaley, alias Roy Morgan and Roy
Long, will, according to the opening
statement of his attorney, base his de
fense on the allegation that he was
not a member of the Lewis-Jones gang
prior to the night of September 13.
when the particular effense for which
he is being tried was committed. As
Miss Eva Lewis in her trial swore
that she accompanied Roy Sherrill on
the auto ride which culminated in
the robbery of Miss ?.1ildred Gates of
Dallas, Tex., and V. D. Otter of Chi
patrn hApnnsp sh feared Sherrill and
dared not disobey his commands, so
Eudaley will testuy that he learea
for the safety of Miss Lewis, and be
rnmp a member of the party in ai
attempt to shield her from Sherrill.
The state today called to tne stana
vies r.at vhn told substantial v the
same story of the hold-up that she
gave during the trial last ween wnicn
resulted in the conviction of Miss
Lewis. She asserted that Eudaley
took an active part in the affair, that
he covered her and Otter with a rifle
on the 20 mile ride into the country,
after taking Otter's watch, that he
was left by Sherrill and Miss Lewis
over the two while Sherrill and Miss
Lewts returned to the city and that
he did so with a loaded pistol, after
oooiirinp- Shprriil hefore his departure
that if anyone came he "knew what
to do to these two."
MORRISON TALKS
OF CONDITIONS
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25 Reduction
of present wage scales in the United
States will be opposed by the workers,
Frank Morrison, secretary of the
American Federation of Labor, said
in a statement tonight dealing with
reconstruction as it affects labor. Any
decrease in wages, will mean a lowe
ing of living standards, he said, and
this tho workmen will resist.
"Regardless of the wishes of indi
viduals or grounds," said Mr. Morri
son, "any reduction of present wage
scales in this country will be opposed
by the workers,' who will not accept
wage reductions for the simple reason
that this procedure will lower their
standard of living. And by standard
of living I refer to substantial food,
clothing, housing and all necessaries
to a well ordered life.
"The. cost of living is not a theory
with the workers, it is a plain unvarn
ished tale' that cannot be explained
away by sophistry. The United States
bureau of statistics shows that living
cost3 are mounting higher and higher.
Its report for August, this year, shows
an increase of 2 per cent over last
July, an increase of 70 per cent during
the five year period between August,
1912, and August, 1313.
"The right to live comes first, and
workers will resist any attempt to re
duce their living standards, in view of
present costs, even though some em
ployer talks of capturing the markets
of the world.
"I am hopeful that the best thought
among employers and other elements
of our citizenship will agree that noth
ing will create more internal turmoil
than a denial that the highest possible
living standards for workers is the
first requisite for the America we de
Bire to have.
"The eight hour day should be ac
cepted by every manufacturer. Not
only because the transition to a peace
basis may be orderly through the
quick assimilation of workers, but for
the larger reasons that have so often
been advanced in favor of a shorter
workday."
Stuff the bird with
PosiToAsriES
(Made cf Corn)
Makes the finest
kind of dressing
says
t - -ii-- J" n A A
Adds
,-Vi''f.c::..'
5i f-.;'jSV
REVIEW WANT ACS
CRING RESULTS
v
T
IS
N
ALLEGED FRAUDS
Two Witnesses Appear in
T.nrL (lnrrnnnJInn PJnt A
a
Mooney Case: Older Gives!
J '
Aeed Jurist the Lie
"
nv Review leaned Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25. After
having two witnesses appear before
it. the county grand jury adjourned
j tonight until next Friday morning its
I investlsation into alleged improper
I activities on the part of the local
officials and others disclosed in a re
port by John II. Densmore on certain
phases of the conviction of Thomas
J. Mooney for murder. Densmore is
, director general of the federal em
I ployment service and investigated the
Mooney case at the behest of William
' H. Wilson, secretary of labor. Mooney
was convicted of murder in connec
tion with the explosion of a bombdur-
ing a preparedness day parade here
ia Juiy. 1316.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25.. Fol
lowing an assault last night on Fre
mont Older, editor of the San Fran
cisco Call and Post, by District At
torney Charles M. Fickert, Chief of
Police White today assigned two de
tectives to guard the editor. The Call
recently published a long report of
alleged crookedness in civil and crim
inal cases which involved Fickert
and others.
Mr. Older today gave a statement
to the Associated Press containing
his version of the resignation of F.
W. Henshaw from the state suureme
court. The Henshaw matter was
dealt with in the printed report to
Secretary Wilson, signed by J. E.
Densmore, director general of em
ployment Mr. Older said:
"In replying to the revelations in
the Densmore report concerlng him
self, F. W. Henshaw said: 'The Fair
case was decided 20 years ago. Years
after its decision I was re-elected to
the supreme bench and served 11
years of the 12-year term, resigning
under no compulsion or agreement
with Mr. Older or anybody else.'
"Mr. Hensnaw's memory is at
fault. A short time before Hen
shaw's resignation was made public,
he asked me for an interview. After
some preliminary remarks to the
effect that he was innocent, the con
versation was interrupted by the ar
rival of Mrs. Henshaw and the judge
asked me to meet him again at 8
o'clock the next morning. I did so.
the point. He said he was an old
man, 'broke,' and the publication of
tho Dingee story would end In a
tragedy. 'If you will agree not to
publish the Dingee story I will re
sign Xrom the supreme court.' 'I can
give as a reason that I want to gar
iato war work as I have written a
great deal on the subject. In addition
to that, I want to help you in the
Mooney case.'
"I was very much moved by Hen
snaw's plea, and replied: 'Well,
judre, I am getting on toward the end
of life myself, and
i nateni any ae-
sire to wound any one unnecessarily,
and it seems to me that if you do as
,. . ... i
you say you wnl do, that is suffi-
cient. I don't know what more you
could do.'
"A few days later the resignation
was made public."
UNCERTAINTY ON
POINTS HELD TO
BE RESPONSIBLE
iontinued from Pape One)
bassador has not had a vacation since
he rushed back to America at the out
break of the European war and he
goes to join la his people's celebra
tion over victory and probably to play
a part in the peace conference.
It became known today that he had
been invited to Piake the voyage on
the ship that carrios the presidential
GRAND
JURY
PROBING
ay
party. Uhe invitation from the presi-1 whether they were to be officially ac
dent Is regarded as a special tribute jcepted by the allied powers,
to France and also as a mark of the if the allied powers could not see
hich esteem which President Wilson their way clear to accept them, the
entertains personally tor the ambas-1 American government was in the po
sador. j sition of having conducted, the war
'Ambassador Jusserand and Mrs. nor purposes which were not identical
Jusserand gave the first reception ; with those of the allies,
held at the French embassy since the I This presented a rather delicate
beginning of the war. The occasion issue at the outset, a3 lt was realized
was the celebration of tho entry of that lt miht require the submission
Marshal Foch into Strassbburg, capi- j c.i the oatire subvert to the American
tal of Alsace, at the head of Franco-;
American forces, and the guests in-.
eluded President and Mrs. Wilson, '
members of tho cabinet, diplomatic i
representatives of the allied and'
neutral countries and army anj navy
officers. i
Although a week or more has gone '
by since it was announced that the
president would po to Europe imme
diately alter the convening of con
gress next Monday, nothing has been ,
made known concerning his plans,!
?uh as tho sailing time or whether;
he will first visit France or England.'
From preparations being made In j
Kjsr'and for hi reception, it is gen
erally believed that tho president will
go to that country to stay several i
d:iv hofnro mi I in I! in i to Paris, lt is
Known i'i.it several representatives of ' --oal producing agencies to utilize
I tho Kdverr.m'T.t have preceded him to culm banks or waste coal to relieve
I Kngland to arrange for his stay there. he fuel shortage and Fuel Adminis
i Th..r.. l.e..n mi announce- trator Garfield's objection to -Mayor
mer.t ;..s to what ship the president
v ill use in making the voyage. It was
I . . .
m,1 m firci thnt lie would cross on
Hie former North t'erniau l.loyd liner muiee uivesiibuuuK uo iuei uonuu. mans at .ancy. ror mis uv nnaiui
Kaiser Wilhelr.i. which bad a" sjieclal J- I. Neale, director ot pro liictmii popularly known as "sal lor of Nancy."
s iltn for the kaiser. When prepara- for the fuel administration and owner General Me t'atclnau lot three
lions for tho use of this ship were of anthracite projicrties, told the com- Bons iu tho war.
.....
under way, however, there was change mittee he knew of no alleged under
of plans and it now is said that he j standing among mine owners to keep
will cross on the George Washington, ; culm off the market as a means of
another former German liner seized maintaining high prices. He attribut
in an American port when this rw ed the failure of the owners of culm
tlon entered the war. banks to utilize fully that product
; to a shortage of labor and a desire to
AMERICA WINS VICTORY. i prevent reduction of the output of
i PARIS. Nov. 25. (By the Assoclut-
I art Tt- a a ITha I'n ilot Onino r ft i ' f m
menfs diplomatic success in obtain-
ing from the allied governments ac-
ceptances of President Wilson's
. ...
. points, wltn only one reservation and
I nrimttnn la hiirnm t Ti r ,l:nl.. more an.
parent, as the preliminaries for the
I approaching peace congress are be-
! tner null
I ing outlined fargely on the basis of
the president's points
Col. E. M. House, the special reD-
resentative of the United States go.v-
I nwwm .. .1, i.A . u 9 .1
little disposition among American and
European friends to accept as a
totality the framework of peace as
epxressed by President Wilson. Some
European statesmen considered that
the points had worked as a good
solvent upon Germany; that they had
served their great purpose in their
effect upon German unity, but that
they should not be observed too close
ly when it came to formulating the
practical details of tho settlement.
Allied statesmen plainly put for
ward the view that, as the American
traditional policy had been one of de-
tacninem oi European anairs, it was
natural for the American government
when the war broke out in Europe to
consider it a quarrel among European
nations and to declare its neutrality.)
It was pointed out that for two
years and a half the American gov
ernment observed its neutrality and
called the attention of both groups of
belligerents to violations of sea law.
Germany's offenses became intoler
able and America entered into the war
both for that reason and because
America did have a community of
ideals of government and of human
rights with the allies. America as be
came a great country was impelled
to put forth great efforts, and she did.
Allied statesmen have fully ap
preciated the effect of American arms
in winning the decision. Neverthe
les, it was contended hv some this
had been a controversy among Euro
pe:.!: tatio.is and 'lie winning "nuj,
it was suggested, supposed that
America, having accomplished her
aims, would return to her detachment
and allow the countries intimately
concerned to arrange a settlement, ac
cording to the European viewpoint of
the situation.
These statements made it plain
that they would receive every friendly
counsel the United States would offer,
the more so because they knew that
America wanted nothing in a material
way for herself, but was interested
only in realizing her ideals. The
losses the other belligerents have suf
fered in the years of war exceed those
of the United States also have been
given as a reason for the allies hav
ing a predominant influence in shap
ing the new order in Europe.
These were some of the concep
tions put forward by the allied gov
ernments with tenacity and skill, but
al" ?" ndly ,sp"-
The contentions of the American
government generally and substan
tially were that it had come into the
war not alone on account of specific
grievances against Germany, but on
account also of certain fundamental
principles of justice and right. These
principles had been announced with
fullness several times by the Ameri
can government and had resulted In a
great effort by the American people.
Looked at from Washington these
principles, each time they had been
h .,,, fM.r K.. t-.. i
. " , '""""' "
1
allied governments. It was not meant
w j.j. .. i
government had thought the allied
governments had formally accepted
them, not by the allied ministers only
officially, but by the press and by all
eminent men outside the immediate
ministerial zones and of the peoples
as a whole had caused the conviction
to prevail in America that these
principles had been approved and ac
cepted as ideals on which the war
was being prosecuted.
The American people never had
been conscious that they were fight
ing for territorial or colonial interests
.1 any governments, excepting insofar
as these came within the framework
of the American government's prin
ciples. Consequently, It was neces
sary to bring out that these points
having been accepted by the central
powers, presented a clean issue as to
icujrress. The European ministers
felt the force of the views prescuted,
a:ii t!i!d iu tluu tront-ht about an cn-
nsreenu'iit on the A:::c; icau i
joints a3 a cui ( t pen u i.o
tious.
FHPI DDfiDl FfQ
I ULL I UUDLLI'iU
ULL
nv rvi w
WASHINGTON
Nov. 2a. Failure
niuus lnvemoi i.im uiumu ..-
"1 - "V a coi" 1 u w
.f l,i,;,-ir tlV flit
re subjects
i inquiry uuiay mm- k "'"
lenatt'
...... , .t . : 1 r,,..l i..n,i...
littee invest!
J. 11. Neale
NATION PROBING
, fresn coal by taking men rrom tne
I mines for the work of treating the
cha.pcr grad. . ...... ., .
L Tto committee aake d t ha letters of
Adfln 3,ratr arfl J ?
I llvl.in nlnci-l inn to New lorks inven-
" . " . , , . .
i K ' rl ' '
and fuel administration officials
agreed to present them tomorrow. The '
mayor's letter to the police commis
sioner ordering the survey to deter
mine whether favoritism was being
shown in the distribution of coal in
New York was read into the record
by William P. Burr, corporation coun
sel of New York. The mayor declared
in his letter that while there was a
dangerous shortage of coal in the city
the securities of coal producing agen
cies had increased in value.
Figures were given the committee
by Mr. Neale showing an increase
of 1.2S3.44 tons in anthracite ship
ments for the first six months of this
year as compared to the same period
for 1917, although production from hist
April 1 to November 16 fell off some
what due to the influenza epidemic.
Seventy-five per cent of the anthra-
i cite properties are owned by railroad !
v. . t ,lM , i
mlUee' 51 a,n3wefr tohqT ,k
Scnft0r R?Cd " l heIr .ihe. i'
fixing which other mines were com
pelled to meet, Mr. Neale said there
was no such understanding, and that
occasionally if the outside mine own
ers had an over-supply they cut the
prices published by the railroads.
Mr. Neale said that amount of culm
made ready for the market was regu
lated by the amount the market would
take. R. V. Norris, a fuel administra
tion engineer, testified that vast quan
tities of culm have been utilized dur
ing the last two years to meet the
coal shortage. The cost of producing
it, according to operators' figures, is
about $1.40 a ton, he said, and it has
sold for $2.86 a ton. More culm, be
said, had been treated and placed on
the market in the last two years than
ever before.
The committee plans to hear more
witnesses on the New York situation
! tomorrow.
OFF NAVY BILL
Vy Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25. Naval es
timate for 1920 ahve been reduced
$1,1S0,315,000, as the result of the
signing of the armistice. Secretary
McAdoo was informed today by Sec
retary Daniels.' The original estimate
on a war basis was $2,644,307,000. and
this has been reduced to $1,463,992,000.
No reduction was tnade in the esti
mates of $600,000,000 for a second
three-year building' program of 156
ships, which has been recommended
to congress by Secretary Daniels. This
program contemplates ten superdread
naughts, six battle cruisers and 140
smaller warships and auxiliary craft
Tilt largest reduction was $313,421.
TIC in the estimate for the bureau of
ordnance and the second largest was
$275,324.2S5 in pay of the navy. Other
j rndnrtimm were announced as fol-
Tav. miscellaneous. $5,015,000.
f ..;.: . fill -ml
Bureau of navigation. $4,026,603.
Bureau of yards and docks, includ
ing public works, J9.45S.000.
Bu eau of supplier and accounts
$224,951,315.
Dureau of construction and repair.
$37,5(0.000.
Bureau of steam engineering.
$2S.OOO,000.
Marine corps. $35,702,964.
Naval emergency funds, $113.
145.000. The house naval committee now is
holding hearings on the 1920 naval
bill snd the reduced estimates probab
ly will be transmitted to it within a
day or two. Members of the commit
tee have been insistent that the bill's
total must be cut to the very lowest
consistent with the operation and up
builtiing of the navy.
GEN. DE GASTELHAU
NAMED MARSHAL OF
FRANCE. ANNOUNCED
PROMOTION WILL EE CIVEN
TUESDAY BY THE CABINET;
BORN IN 1S51 THIS LEADER
PROVED GENIUS BY DEFEATING
GERMANS AT NANCY
i'v l:rviv f -:i'-l Vi-o I
PARIS. Nov. 25. The afternoon,
papers were permitted to announce j
todny that the cabinet tomorrow
would promote General Kdouard cY
("arlcros de Cx-uelnau a marshal oti
' Ceneral'de fastelnan was
"51. and his first mill
tivity in the Kranco-Pnib-si:
born in
tary ac-
slan war.
where he won the rank of captain
After the war he rote gradually by
reason of remarkable military infelli-
p-nee and executive capacity until in;
1M01 he was made general and be-j
came collaborator with General Jof-j
fre mi the general staff.
Win u the present war began l en -j
ernr d. IMstelnau was given co.naianu
in liorraino ami w.th Ms
l -on d v.s-
i ion" sanguinarily ao:eaieu i:u? v.er-
. .1.1. i... w
BILLION LOPPED
ARGTIG EXPLORERS
BELIEVED TO BE III
TOUCH JITH SHORE
ENGAGED IN DARING AND DES
PERATE .ATTEMPT TO FLY TO
NORTH POLE IN AIRPLANE;
NEITHER- KNOWS OTHER IS
AFTER MUTUAL GOAL
(By Review zud Wire)
SEATTLE, Wash., Not. The Arc
tic explorers. Roal Amundsen, noted
Norwegian, drifting in his ice locked
boat eastward from the Atlantic, and
Storker Storkerson, lieutenant of
Vilhjalmur Stefansson. Canadian ex
plorer, floating westward from the
Pacific on an ice pack, are both be
lieved approaching the New Siberian
islands, which jut out of the Arctic
ccean off the mouth of the Lena riv
er in Siberia. Authorities credited
wtih knowing the Arctic cumnts be
lieve the two will reach the islands,
early next year.
Nj other explorers are now in the
Arctic and it is thought very likely
that neither Amundsen of Storker
son knows the other has the same goal
in mind. They probably will not meet,
for Storkerson is expected to arrive
ahead of Amundsen and probably will
land far west of Amundsen's course.
Amundsen, the discoverer of the
South Pole and navigator of the dif
ficult northwest pasasge, is on the
first lap of a Journey to the North
Pole. He expects to make the last
lap by airplanes. Storkerson Is bound
back in the general direction of civili
zation after spending several years ia
the Arctic. Both are seeking new lands
and studying the currents and life of
the northern ocean.
When Amundsen reaches the Si
berian islands, the current, it is be
lieved will turn and carry him north.
He is expected to remain with the
drift until it lands him on the immov
able ice far up towards the pol.
There, according to his plans, he will
establish a base and attempt to fly
the rest ot the distance to the top ot
the globe.
Storkerson, according to his plans,
will leave his ice pack when it reaches
the Siberian Islands. With his five
men he will come ashore and make
his way back to Alaska. His friends,
expect to hear of him landing some
time next summer near the Lena.
However, they say he may change
his plans and come ashore before that
time.
Stefansson, when he was in the
north last winter, planned to make the
trip Storkerson is now on.. After he
completed arrangements, and pur
chased all the necessary supplies and
dogs, illness forced him to come out
side. When he left he put Storkerson
in charge.
The Canadians think Storkerson
trip is one of the most daring Arctic
feats ever undertaken. "He is up.
there camped on the ice and practi
cally living off the ice pack." Stefans
son says. "Other explorers do their
work from their ships. Ships are little
Jess than floating hotels. Storkerson
has no ship. If Storkerson doesn't get
homesick we should hear from hi ax
next year."
Storkerson and hl3 five men were
landed last May cn the ice pack about
150 miles northwest of Herschel is
land. Hough estimates show that the
ice at times drifts more than tin
miles a day. This current, Stefansson
thinks, carried Storkerson westward
until in October he probably was
about 200 miles due north ironi Wran
gel island, off Siberia and cast of th
New Siberian islands.
The Karluk. Stefansson's first boat,
which was lost, was carried westward
from off Alaska. When it was crushed
in tho ice, it was eff Wrangel is
land. Stefansson expected to get
caught in the same current and go on
beyond Wrangel to the Siberian is
lands. DARTING, PMCING
SCIATIC PAEJS
Give "way before the pene
trating effects of Sloan's
Liniment
So do those rheumatic twinges and
the loia-aches of lumbago, the nerve
tr..limraatioa of neuritis, the wry neck,
the jjir.t wrench, the iljrricnt sprain,
the riusdiS strain, acd tic throbbing
truiso.
The ease cf applying, the quietness
of relief, the positive results, tlie clean
liness, and the economy of Sloan's
liniment make it universally preferred.
No Internal mJI-fT will rw K-n. Only
b? th uppiirwtHiaof iRA.NwI .r St. ito irrrat
Xt4TTtfU Tr-rro'. H tl' h 4fTT TtlKfVC H
Mr ixpisn. nt i lnr UX trrl-
"8IIIII IN tto ftoir
t otvaI lor at wuh Kcst In H
I'KANOLKNR Mt mm mm nr mM white
nr.i I Kn lik pkw K. '-!. MoVrtffcrt,
ttMktf CKANOI.KNE
At kit time tort. 3fW and 8- f a- s
THE EiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1918.
five
4
PARTY VOTE IS
RESPONSIBLE FOR
1920 TAX RULE
Democrats Line Up Against
Republicans and Place
Bounds on Next Year's As
sessments
(in- Review Leased VVne)
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2o.-By a
strict party vote, the senate finance
committee tonight decided to recom- meeting. Panedmonium broke loose,
mend that the yield from the 1920 ! when the band after playing the "Star
revenue bill be limited to $4,000,000.- Spangled Banner" and the "Marseil
000. Ten democratic members who swung into the 'International
voted for the amount suggested byj ?uslan revo utionary song.
Secretary McAdoo were opposed by Shout, of "Long hve the taxation,
the seven republicans. " ere flowed the booin
Before adopting the $4,000,000,000 hissing, when the . police seizing red
limit, the committee voted down a pro-1 AV suddenly displayed marchea
posal by Senator Gore of Oklahoma, I their owners from the auditorium. But
democrat, to leave the $6,000,000,000 minor but simultaneously conflict
bill of 1919 unchanged for 1920 and broke out in various parts of the hall,
use the two billion surplus for paying! All the speakers pleaded with the
outstanding obligations. The vote i audience to remain calm, Nearing
was 9 to 8. Senator Gore joining with : stating that there were persons pres
the seven republican members. lent only too eager to "disrupt" the
Republicans object to fixing any meeting. These warnings, however,
limit for taxation in 1920. because 'were disregarded whenever the red
they expect control of bcth the senate, flag made Us appearance,
and house In the next congress. Min-I After Nearing predicted "a bitter
ority members of the finance commit-1 taste of job hunting this winter" and
tee said tonight they would take their , assailed the "capitalistic press' 'and
fight to the floor of the senate and other "Indications of plutocracy" he
some republican leaders have said If I raised a deafening applause when he
the democratic leaders insist upon 'said:
this feature, the revenue bill will he
blocked in the senate.
The motion to fix the limit of 1920
taxes at $4,000,000,000 was made by
Chairman Simmons. The vote on the
roll call follows:
Aves: democrats. Simmons. Willi
ams, Smith of Georgia, Thomas, Rob-j
inson. Gore. Jones of New Mexico,
Gerry. Lewis and Nugent. j letters the words "Withdrawal of
Nayes: republicans, Penrose, Lodge,; Troops From Russia" was dropped
McCumber, Smoot, Dillingham, La-jirom the balcony and after this had
Pollette and Townscnd.
Work on the 1919 tax schedules Is
nearly completed, Chairman Simmons
announced tonight that the bill nowlwe(jge rushed down the main aisle
has been reduced to practically six and past the police up into the bal-1 ean families aboard, who seek rtfuge
billion dollars. Senator Simmons' cony. From the outside their comrades 1 from Lima coused the report to be
amendment, exempting persons or hurled themselves against a side door j spread that they had been expelled,
partnerships engaged in trade or busi-,an(j nearly succeeded in bursting Into t Crowds Immediately organized great
ness from the war excess profits, was me auditorium. demonstrations against the Peruvians
adopted today by the committee, as Two resolutions were adopted at; and in spite of the efforts of the po
was an amendment providing that a tne meeting. The first endorsed "the Uce took possession of several houses
corporation wim a nei income vi uui
more than $20,000 a year shall not -be
taxed more than 30 per cent. In the t
house bill the minimum levy was fjx -
ed at 35 per cent.
RED FLAGGERS
' FLEE BEFORE
FLAG DEFENSE
i
(Continued from Page One)
attack on the flag they had sworn to
defend, paid little attention to blows
1 IU 111 IUgUl &UC&IS. licjr ncic ucui vi
getting revenge from the internation-;
alists and many of them succeeded.
The square was cleared of milling 1
men only when socialists by ones and
twos and in groups broke and fled. '
The scrimmage in the park then was
continued on a smaller scale into ev-.
ery neighboring street. ;
Groups of socialists soon were run-1
ning along Fifth avenue a half mile I
north and south of Twenty-sixth street
Cpzy warmth
At the touch of a match Perfection Oil Heater
gives instant, cozy warmth.
Steady, comfortable heat for many hours on one fill
ing with Pearl Oil, the ever-obtainable fueL
No smoke or odor. Portable. Economical.
Next Week Is
Perfection Oil Heater Week
Call on your dealer
and ask him about
Perfection Oil Heat
er; its comfort, con
venience and econ
omy. See his special
display.
Standard oil
company
'California)
r :.-v
1 .
S XV J I
01:
J. J. SPARKS, SPECIAL AGENT, STANDARD OIL CO., BISBEE, ARIZ.
PHELPS DODGE MERC CO., BISBEE. PHELPS DODGE MERC CO., LOWELL.
PHELPS DODGE MERC CO., WARREN. PHELPS DODGE MERC. CO., NACO.
STANDARD FURNITURE C-.-riii x, IJlbBLL, ARIZ.
pursued by shouting uniformed men
most of theru hatless and coatless.
Gather Many Souvenirs ,
When they went to the meeting the j
men, almost without exception, wore,
red neckties because red flags were j
under official ban. These red tirs
were the special mark of soldiers and vian minister of foreign affairs,
sailors. After the light they were ! "After the extraordinary outrages
cherished as souvenirs. I at lquique. Satuulay. during which
Hundreds of the socialists were Uhe property of several Peruvians was
beaten but so far as could be learned j sac ked. Chilean crowds on Sunday at
none was Beriously hurt. I tacked the Peruvian consul at Iquique,
Tn nnli. e hail the situation well ! Senor L. Hosa. while he was on his
in hand half an hour after the close
of the meeting and the street was
cleared except for stragglers.
United States Marshal McCarthy
and police Inspectors were inclined to
blame the uniformed men for the trou
ble. They declared the meeting would
have proceeded peacefully enough, in
spite of the more or less explicit
speeches, had it not been for the sol-
. ,h(, carden
I tenae onK before Nearing opened the
"Uunng tne next ten aays )ir. wii
son will go to Europe to use his ef
forts to make the world safe for demo
cracy. At least we may ask Mr. Wil
son to grant a general pardon to all
political and class war prisoners be
fore he sails for Europe."
Russian Red Flag
Then a red flag bearing In white
been removed and two more displayed
from another part of the balcony, ma-
(rines and sailors, forming a flying
pIan or act,on suggested by organised
labor on thc pacilC coaBf to prevent
. iom ji00ney from hanging. The
secon(j etxended "our fraternal greet-
! ines to the socialists of Germany.
j protested against armed intervention
: m me uiieiuai uuairs oi lue ueriuuu i
I people" demanded the return cf Amer- j
lean and allied troops from Russian
terTitorT and Pledged the audience to
"work with devotion and fervor until
; the industrial republic of America
' takes Its place among the industrially
' , free nations of the world."
HOSTILITIES
APPEAR TO BE
VERY PROBABLE
(Com:
r i Pnire One)
eminent has cancelled., all.. Chilean
consular equatures here.'
Inuiaue dispatches indicate that no
attempt was made by the Chilean gov-
ernment to prevent the anti-Peruvian
t
j
mm
fefl wKA --iV I :
1 ff Lir&
tip nr3
' cutbreak. although a strong parrisonj
is maintained at that port.
Lima is quiet.
i
BUENOS AIRES, Nov. 25 The I
Peruvian ligation here, today received
the following dispatch from the Peru-j
way to the mayor to protest against
tiie riots.
"He was carried by force aboard a
small steamer anchored in the port.
The authorities and the police con
sented to the outrage, and notified the
consul that they would not permit
him to disembark.
"Upon receiving this notice the Pe
ruvian government has withdrawn
consular representatives from Chile."
News dispatches received, here, in
dicate that- disturbances are general
In Iquique, Antofagasta and Pisagua.
and that several Peruvian commer
cial houses have been wrecked In
Pisagua.
A dispatch from Buenos Aires last
Friday reported serious demonstra
tions in Antafogasta against Peruvian
business houses In consequence of a
false rumor that the Chilean consul at
Callao, Peru, had been assassinated
by Peruvians. No reports are at hand
as to the rioting at Iquique and Piz
agua. The dispatch from Buenos Aires
said there was great agitation
throughout Chile, over a speech made
at La Paz by the Bolivian minister
of war, who Is reported to have said
that the hour had arrived to take
back the provinces of Tacna and Arlca
from Chile. The present unrest In
Peru, Bolivia and Chile is due to a
desire of Peruvians and Bolivians to
settle the Tacna and Arlca question
under President Wilson's principle of
self determination. These border
provinces constitute the Alsace-Lorraine
question of South America,
The Buenos Aires dispatch of Fri
day added that It was reliably stated
that Chile had approached Argentina
on the subject of Argentina remain
ing neutral In the event of an out
break between Chile and Peru.
A special dispatch to La Razon,
from Santiago says:
"The government has received dis
patches from Iquique confirming the
reports that the entire province of
Antofagasta is in a state of agitation
against the Peruvians. The arrival
of two steamers at the port of Anto-
; fngnsta from Callao. with many Chll
and Peruvian clubs.
Apparently the disturbances still
continue. The Peruvian consul at
J Iquecue has left for Lima.
j GREATEST AMOUNT
EVER GIVEN WAS
RECEIVED IN DRIVE
(Continued from Page One)
$1,000,000; Russia, $11,000; Cuba.
..$275,000; Japan, $360,000; Mexico,
$114,000; Porto Rico, $S2,000; New
York state went "over the top" today
with a percentage of 102 khen the
contribution drive" In New York
closed with the city's $35,000,000 quota
j subscribed.
I John D. Rockefeller and John D.
: Rockefeller, jr., who had underwritten
lacking subscriptions to the amount
of $1.123,C83, were called on to con-
tribute $370,097 to make up the total
when reports showed a subscription of
$34,6J9,90J.
. - - . -
ion
f It-l r I -Si "til.
n i-" - j
ED
111111 1 M A MR ACC A DDR
NAMED BY HUNGARY
BERNE. Nov. 25. The first woman
to ne appointed an ambassador has
been nominated by the Hungarian
government for the post in Switzer
land. She is the Hungarian writer
and pacifist, Rosika Sehwjnuner. who
now resides in Switzerland. Madame
Schwimmer has accepted the nomina
tion and will begin her duties shortly.
Madame Rosika Schwimmer is
president of the Hungarian Woman
Suffrage association. She has been
credited with being the originator of
the Ford peace ship idea and was one
of the prominent figures of that mis
sion. 7000 OFFICERS AND
MEN WHO HAD BEEN
TRAINING IN BRITAIN
(Continued from PaRe One)
channel service undoubtedly is com
pletely occupied with the transporta
tion of returning British forces.
Before General March's announce
ment, Secretary Baker discussed with
the newspaper correspondents the
return of American troops from
France. The homeward movements
is dependent almost entirely upon the
limitation of transportation facilities
both at sea and in France. a
Besides employing In this work the
German liners in this country, Dutch
vessels taken over and all other
available transports, Mr. Baker said,
some part of the British transport
tonnage employed in carrying troops
to France will continue to be used in
getting the men home. He pointed
out, however, that Great Britain will
need many of her ships to carry home
Canadian, Australian, New Zealand
and other colonial forces which have
been in France longer than the Amer
ican armies.
The secretary said the great British
liners Mauretania, Olympic and Aqui
tania have been in the American
transport service for a year and that
the Mauretania still is so engaged. He
could not say whether the other two
had been withdrawn.
German liners now in German ports,
Mr. Baker said, may offer a means of
expediting the return of the American
forces. Present plans are toj use
these vessels to carry food to Ger
many and the secretary said it might
be found possible to make some ar
rangement under which some of Gen
eral Pershing's men could be sent
home on them. Before sailing for
Europe to arrange for the return of
the troops. Chairman Hurley of the
shipping board said it was the pur
pose to use ships now idle in German
pcrts. Mr. Baker, however, did not
indicate today that any definite steps
to that end have yet been taken.
With the removal of the submarine
menace the war secretary said it will
be possible to bring home many sol
diers in cargo vessels. The shipping
board is commissioning many such
vessels from day to day, and they
will be added to the fleet available for
i the return of the army.
For the next few weeks Mr. Baker
expect returning troop ships to be
laden entirely with sick and wounded
men and those not immediately avail
able for military service such as the
men who have been discharged from
hospitals in France, but have not
fully recovered their strength. They
will be organized for purposes of
transportation into provisional com
panies of from 100 to 150 men with
the requisite number of officers and
will be sent to designated camps to
be mustered out. It is assumed that
efforts will be made in France to put
into each provisional company men
from the same general locality in the
United States in order to ease the
demobilization transportation problem
on this side.
Secretary Baker also revealed to
day that a general principle to gov
ern the payment to be made to Great
Britain to services rendered by her
transport fleet or cargo craft in trans
porting or supplying American forces
had been reached. He said that in
conference with Lord Reading, the
British ambassador, it had been
agreed that payment to be made by
either government to the other for
such service would be made on the
basis that no profit was to accrue to
either Great Britain or the United
States.
TO SINK SHIPS
OF HliN AFTER
LONG INSPECTION
(Continue! from Vug One
Hearty sallornien with cheery faces
were at every porthole, and the quar
terdecks were occupied only by offi
cers, the commander marching briskly
along in the traditional way, tele
scope under his arm.
"The German officers have been
po'.ito and no trouble has been ex
perienced with them. Thi British
officers have rejected all advances at
lriendlinesi and have extended only
the necessary courtesies."
SHORT OF FOOD.
LONDON. Nov. 5. ( Uritish Wire
less Service.) The Cologne Gazette
of November 15 published an article
under the caption. Armistice and the
Food Supply." written by a specialist
named Oetelshofen, wi'.o argued that
there could be no question of shortage
of food in Germany, but that it was
urgently necessary to reduce rations.
The writer maintained that 15. t
many could deal with t :e transport
problem by reajjustnioi :s. reducing
the transport of potato i and vege
tables and confining th transport
ia.iliii'8 t foods of gre; er nutritive
value in proportion to thi .r bulk. He
advocated tbe killing or pitjs in par
ticular, tlio abolition of fie rationing
of sugar and the rcHtrk ion of rail
way consignments to distances of
over 100 miles to consignments of
PAY YOUR PLEDGE '
DAYS ANNOUNCED; LOCAL
COMMITTEE PLANS DRIVE
J. ('. Ryan, chairman of the
thrift and war savings stamp cam- J
paign in this district, has an-
nounced Thursday. Friday and j
Saturday. December 5. ti and 7. as j
"pay your pledge days" in the dis-
trict's campaign to subscribe its al- !
lowance of war savings certifi- i
cates. On these days every person
who has not yet purchased his or
her entire quota of stamps will be
requested to buy to the limit. All
residents of the district will be ex
pected to purchase on these days
the nu:n they have pledged in the
war savings campaign of last sum
mer. The Warren district is about
two-thirds subscribed in war sav
ings certificates, Mr. Ryan said
yesterday, and one month remains
in which to complete the district's
quota. To accomplish this it is ab
solutely necessary fhat every per
son in the district fulfil pledges al
ready made and buy stamps to the
limit of his or her ability, .Mr. Ryan
added.
corn, sugar, live cattle, meats, fats,
poultry, eggs and cheese.
Dealing with the harvest Oetelsho
fen estimated the broad-corn harvest
apart from barley and oats not less
than 12.000,000 tons and the potato
harvest at about 47,500.000 tons.
"Even- after the armistice." the
writer said, "there Is abundance of
food In Germany for feeding the pop
ulation if we reduce the consumption
of animals by reducing the stocks of
cattle. It Is to be expected that food
prices will soon fall sharply. The
public can contribute to this end if It
will avoid hoarding of supplies and
wait for cheaper prices."
LONDON. Nov. 25. (British Wire
less Service.) The mine sweepers
which are proceeding to' Kiel and
Wilhelmshaven, in connection with
the disarming of the remnants of the
German navy consist of the Hunt
class of sweepers, and comprise the
Musketry (flagship). Cottesmore, Cots
wold. Pytchley, Holderness, Tad
worth, Garts and Maythorp.
The vessels will proceed to Copen
hagen and will make a passage
through Elsinore sound and the Baltic
to Kiel bay for the bigger ships which
will follow later in the week. The
latter forces will consist 'of the bat
tleship Hercules and ten destroyers,
and it will be the duty of Admiral
Montague Browning, who wfll be In
comaand, to ascertain that the re
maining German vessels at the bas.'s
of Kiel and Wilhelmshaven are prop
erly disarmed.
A tenth German dreadnaught re
mains to be turned over by Germany
and another destroyer has been de
manded in place of the one which was
sunk by a mine on tbe passage across
the North sea.
STARVING
PRISONERS
REACH COAS1
(Contimud from P:ikc One)
ately, along with the Dolshevik pris
oners of war.
The American Red Cross at Vladi
vostok has rushed doctors to Nikolsk
"to aid the arrivals. Some persons
died on the ground after being re
moved from the railroad cars.
Other trainloads of human freight
in similar straits are now on tht?Ir
way eastward over the trans-Siberian
railroad. Eight hundred persons,
many of them sick or infected, were
turned back towards Samara because
of the lack cf hospital space.
Among those reaching Nikolsk were
a dozen women whD formerly were
nurses in the bolshevik hospital at
Samara. Many innocent persons were
included. There was one man with
his wife and children who had been
thrown into jail by the bolshevik be
cause the husband and father had ri
fused to join the bolshevik forces.
There also, was a girl stf nographc
who had been sentenced to sis day.
imprisonment for serving the nu:i
bolshevik city administration.
The American Red Crtiss is takin
care of 500 of the survivors In ar
improvised hospital. The Russian nir
thorities, co-cperating witJi the Ar.ier
leans, are lonking aT;er "0 typhus I
cases and 100 other sick who bavt
been lodged in the Russian barracks
PROGRAM AGAINST JEWS
NEW YORK. Nov. 25. Rcport9 of
wholesale (daughter in programs
against Jews at Brzesko. Galicia.
where cellars are reported filled with
bodies and many Jews attempting
flight have been shot down in the;
streets were reeived from Copenhagen'
today by the Zionist organization ot :
America.
At Przemysl. the report added, thd
Polish legion looted all Jewish shop3
and homes, disarmed Jewish militia,
invaded synagogues and sullied the
sacred serous or tne law.
Adolph Hot hm, member o( the Jew
ish national council at Vienna, wired
the organization that liohemia is
"mercilessly deporting" refugees of
Galieia who sought refuge in that
country.
PRINCETON FLIER DIES
I.N BATTLE IN FRANCE
i My Iti-iivw Lca-xe,! Wire)
NEW YORK, Nov. 25. l.t. Har
ry C. I'owd was killed in aerial
combat, fighting superior numbers
north of Verdun on October 26,
according to a letter received to
day from his brother, l,t. 11. I..
Dowd, medical corps, stationed
near where he fell.
Lieutenant Powd left Princeton
nt the end of bis sophomore year
in 1916 to drive an ambulance in
France. When this country enter
ed the war he Joined the Amer
ican flying corps.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
GOVERNMENT PLANS
ASSISTANCE FOR
WORKERS IN WAR
MAY BE AIDED IN RETURNING TO
THEIR HOMES IN VARIOUS
PARTS OF NATION; RELEASE
WITHOUT AID WOULD BE TRAG
ICAL, SAYS CHIEF CLERft
iHv Review leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25. Plans to
assist in the return home of thou
sands of war workers in Washington
soon to be released by the transition
of government bureaus from a war to
a peace besis, were considered at a
conference today of personnel officers
of the war department.
J. C. Scofield, chief clerk of the de
partment, was directed by Secretary
Baker to prepare recommondations as
to metnous or aiding the workers. Mr.
uaker saitl It would be "tragic-ar to
have the workers, many of whom, he
saiu, came to asbington to work for
the government from purely patriotic
motives, thrown suddenly out of work.
Suggestion has been made, officials
said, that provision be made to supply
transportation home for the employes
or that some bonus be paid as recom
pense for short discharge notice.
HOLDS NO TERRORS
(By Review Lensetl Wire)
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 25. The re
construction period should have no
terrors for the United States. Secre
tary McAdoo said tonight, in an ad-
o. Jl. l i v: .
. .1 V.i . Ar L V "u"Vr -
at the Atlanta Clearing House assocla-
Mr ia,i i-
tlon. Mr. McAdoo, who is on an in
spection tour of Southern railroads,
said there was no need to become
frightened by talk of the spread of
bolshevism to this country. All war
agencies had been continued for the
present, be said, and financial inter
ests should hold themselves in readi
ness to assist in the reconstruction
financing that must be done ImccH
ately. SEND THE REVIEW TO FRIENDS.
It la anmethinz mora than
kk Police -JZvrr
or, f riand and siffti poat to tha right rnad to r-liable rorret informatioa
and accurate market quotations. "br ghnbrrt Hwnr" is received by
h'indreds of thousands of trappers and Fur shippers all ever North
A-rterira. Never waa a
:c Urnarrl pqtpprr and
Ft t. -i - jrj! rmi demonstrated that luch information is absolutely essential tatna
S-:'i I "lnKI11 trapper and Fur shipper. Von thouU read "ib shjsstrt
i' J hip art" are want your name on our maiiinc list.
iLA FUl Aio Coapee) SOW -an J Mad U-A T ONCE
ev. i3 .shube; plt, we.
I f 7T7 y.-iUV tiff incur ouz! I" tut on.M
i
AMERICAN
i .inriitsi i
a r.'..r-w':i. .J-.' .'ij -u Ljww .LTOM..a.iM
j Bucks,
CJ Don't order ccld storage stock
when you can buy home-dressed,
dry picked from us.
tj Order early and get just the size
bird you require. iy
Johnson
U. S. Food Administration
PHONE 739
Citv Due Works
t9 ?
SUFFERED TWO YEARS
For about two years I suffered wiii
malaria fever and bad blood, try ins
everything that was recommended to
me without benefit.
I "Finally someone told me about
'Number 40 For The Blood' and I pur-
chased a bottle from our merchant.
, Mr. Walter Page, and it did mo so
I much good that I kept on taking it.
i usine in all 3 V, bottles. Todar I am
feeling fine and do not hesitate o
recommend it for any trouble for
which it is recommended.
"You are at liberty to use this letter
any way you desire for I know what
Number 40 is."
H. L. BURNETT. Wakulla. Fla.
"Number 40 For The Blood" is com
pounded from ingredients set down in
the U. S. Dispensary and other author
itative medical books as follows:
"Employed in diseases of the gland
ular system, in blood poison, scrotul l,
constipation, stomach and liver trou
bles, chronic rheumatism and catarrh,
mercurial and lead poison'.ns. 1'i.wier
its use nodes, tumor-, and scrofulous
swellings that b?ve withstood all oth-
' tr
treatment disappear as if by
magic
: Sold by Central Pnurmacy. Bisb.-e.
; Ariz ; Lowell Drug Cj.. Lowell. Aru
' IllUO I LiV
It Soothes and Relieves Like a
Mustard Plaster Without
the Burn or Sting
Musterole is a clean. v.hita ointment,
made with the oil of mustard. It does all
the work of the old-tasfcicned mustard
plaster does it better and does not bus-
4rh hnrhr wirh a
l. ' . ..
1 doth. You simply rub it on and usually
th .: is ponei
wepa is gone i
Many doctors ana nurses use oiuscr
cle and recommend it to their patients.
They will gladly teil you what relief it
gives from sore throat, bronchitis, crouft
stiff neck, asthma, neuralgia, congestion,
pleurisy, rheumatism, lumbago, pains
and aches of the back or joints, sprains,
sore muscles, bruises, chilblains, frosted
feet, colds of the chest (it oltea pre
vents pneumonia).
30c zz.d 60c jars; hospital sue $20. -
MIIQUDHir P. H'K
ULL U'JiUU
tail
lite eirahtrt tUam. hmriiblmndt;rtMrkt
Kcoort and Drieaiut. iuued at ery chanv in thc Fur Mmrkat.
merely omethiiir to read." It ia the advis
serious misstatements of facta published in
this enaract jr 01 aeeoracv ana reiiam.nv
RAW PURS
CHICAGO. USA
IsMskUslasssUassli
Meat Co.
License No. O 3:5."4n.
CLEANING
PRESSING
Opposite V. W. C. A.
J
r SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1918.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
XI.W YOKX. Nov.
iiniust. ia! ;md political developments
exerted in arying decree Iheir di.-.-1
turbh'g influences over today's active j
stock market, the latter factor pro!)- :
ably outweighing all other consult ra
tions. In point of fact he monetary sit
uation gave promise of eariy improve- '
ment as indicated by last Saturday's
lavcrnble bank statement and mod- ,
iate offerings of time funds front
inierior institutions. :
Secretary MoAdoo's fortheo aiing
re tiremrut from the management of j
the nation's transportation systems
furnished the political element, that '
feature being clearly seen in tho
ln.;v.;ic-s ot rails, including many
of the seasoned issues.
Just as it led the recent ndvar.ee.
so today Souihern Pacific was union'-;
the iirst cf the important rails to'
weaken, dropmns 4tj points on ery
hcavv c;i'cri?!S. Other Pacifies, also
jmiiuers. c' alers and trunk iin-s fell
2 t" 0 points, closing mostly at low est :
levels of the day.
I niu-.i States Steel closed at a Us
c: points, and kindred iadu.-trials
and equipments, also coppers, leath
ers, tobaccos and utilities were heavy
to weak, cils also sagging sharply at
th end. Saus amounted to 975.0'Hi
share'.
'Heaiuess ruled in all branches of
the bond market, the outstanding fea
ture eehig the free offerings of Lib
erty : Mirth 4,is down to the new
minimus: of $&7.4A Total sales, par
ralne, asereeiued f l".-0,0 '0. Old
Tciit'f! Spates bonds v.ere unchanged
UIl (I'll.
Sun, no, i tons of
pendent
said to
25. Financial, ; Africa was shipping
o ni to Great ihitain.
pats ti:.-p!j' J hide
m ss as exi oritiS vore
of the in;.!-;;;-:.
Provisions at first advanced wiih
hogs, but later reacted because of the
setbacks in grain.
weak- i
he out j
METAL- MARKET.
NI'W YOKK, No'. . ". 1-ead I'n
changed, .'pot. JS.Oo.
Spelter Steady, spot. Kast St. Louis
delivery, JS.30 to SS.45.
COTTON MARKET.
XCW YORK, Nov. I"... Co:
closed at a net decline of 15 to
prints.
Indiana . .
Inspiration . .
Kennccott . .
Keweenaw ..
Lake
La Salle
Miami
Moha a k . . . .
llaj I lower . . .
Nevada ...
N. Rutle ....
iXii
Old Hani
Osceola . .
Pond t'k. . . .
; Qaini y
Kay (';.!
,Shat!uck ....
i Shannon . . .
,?;!. Kostoi .
; St. Marys . . .
I'tah Copper
: linn Cons. . .
incjim ....
Sit
1
H
'Ml-', '
17:,
y.i j
s"4 1
411 j
S.J
is ;
16 !
J - I
SCENE T0 BE ENACTED AT COMING PEACE CONFERENCE -
WILL BE THE OPPOSITE OF THIS ALLIES WILL DICTATE
CUFIBS.
Closing quotations November 25. 193.
GRALM MARKET.
CHICAGO. Nov. 1'3. Predictions of
much iargor receipts in the wear fu
ture let"
th: t
br.n:
ai ;
lost
10 decided breaks in the
0:11 today not withstanding
re time covering bv shorts
1 ae 'i,t a temporary bui "e.
tu . r'n finl--hd heavy. 2 c to
r.--? !-,v-er v:;h r.vcmiher 1.22' $
J. r. 1 fi'i to i.Zi'.i. Oats
1' to L' , to The close in
n from o.jc decline to
provisions rat
75c advance.
La-urn and southwestern
parti: u:ar were aggressive
nouses
sellers
con:. is.'K-ialiy at the openiui and
after sr.::!.k. Tor the li.vt time in 1 Aliotiez ..
weeks, hedging business was in ew- Alaska ..
denre l oth here and in the southwest. ; Amn. Zinc
The la: t Cm wcdt.ler conditions were Az. Coml.
favprri'le for husking and shelling 1 U'-'tte
operated ss the chief baste for c:;- ('. & A. ...
pecu.ncy of more liberal arrivals C. & H. ..
Word f.mt til? e.r permit system had C. Rung? .
beet; i.vdifit'd so as to facilitate ' Chino .. ..
hai;d'i;r; Increased amounts of grain ; Chile .. ..
at Minneapolis and St. Paul tended U. Tuttj ..
aire e i?. or the ber.rs. Moreover, Cranby ...
announ. cnioni was made that cons id-'.G. Con. ...
eratie. Ar??t?ne co;t. was beiag Goldfield .
hipped to -p.elgiurn. aad that South 7:ancik ..
(L. J. Overlock. Brok
NEW YORK.
Auacor.da
Amn. Can
Amn. Car
A inn. Loco
Aran. Smelters
.Amn. Sugar
italdwin
Beth. r.
c. & o
C. F. & 1
( anadian Facilic
Central Leather
Crucible
Distillers
Krie .
Goodrich
General Motors
!nd. Alcohol
Marine.
M-irine pM
Mid vale
.Mexican Petroleum
N. Y. C
Xorthe-rn Pacific
Reading
Rubber
.tep. St'-i.1!
Sludebaker
r'tecl .'
tt. Paul
Si it hern Paciiic
i"e:,as Oil
r-:'oii i'arific-
Ft 'otors
.tinghouse
BOSTON.
Ad enture
r)
I A. & A
iAriz. Hiug. .....
I Big Ledge
j HutU) A.- lorclon 1
K'al. & Jer
Corne'ia
: Con. Ariz
jC.nu. Cop. Mines
Curtiss
1 f
il.cn::
J Dundee
ol ' .
. , 1 i' euerai 011
Gadsden
j Green Monster .
Globe Dom
Grand Island ..
Hull
Howe Sound ...
Hccla
.1. Verde
J. Victor
Magma Copper .
Magma Chief . .
C4'
4l'i4
SOVg
SO'-i
109's
73
til
.16
159
o9- '
54 j
45V !
IS j
5:'. '
123 j
4S
7ti-N
HMI
IS I
17'4 '
lTs I
6'. ;
is ;
14 i
15
50
4!
r
-
-
GOODBY,
h
J f v
TROUBLES
ft. .
,4
f-i.
1
it
- T
t
1"
1 -
v
I
1
:10
93
42
154
75
92'
S2
65
75
53 "
9S
45 Yi
97 'A
1S1
41
JOO
4S
4si
12
lSY.
19
7
455
46 Yi
37:s
18"'s
le'i
79
45
22
8
. ..:.
' ..... - . . i
j The tortures and discomforts of
I weak, lame and aching back, swollen
; and bloated feet and limbs, weak-
nes, lassitude, dizziness, nausea, that
tired worrout feeling, nervousness,
i sleeplessness, as a rule have their or
i igin in kidney trouble, not "female
j complaints." These general symptoms
I of kidney and bladder disease are well
j know 11 so is the remedy.
, Next time you feel a twinge cf pain
j in the back or are troubled with head
lache. indigestion, insomnia, irritation
i in the bladder, or pain in the loins
land lower abdomen, you will find
quick and sure relief in GOLD MHD
j.L Haarlem Oil Capsules. This old
land tried remedy for kidney disease
I and allied derangements has stood the
j test for hundreds of years. It does
! the work. Pains and troubles vanish
land new life ard health will rotte as
! you continue their use. When com
j plt-tely restored to your usual vigor.
continue taking a capsule or two each
day; they will keep you feeling fine
I and prevent a return of vour trouble,
j GOLD MKDAL Haarlem Oil Cap
1 sules are imported direct from the
j laboratories at Haarlem. Holland. Get
1 them from your druggist. Do not take
. a substitute. In sealed boxes, three
j sizes.
! K3PC2TAMT LINKS
Miami Ccn 5 ;
Okmulgee 2U I
Pitts. Jer 40
I'ortihyrv 75
Hay Here 4
Tom Reed i-,
Tuo'einne S5
I. Listen: 4'-s
Vfrdo l'x ::7U j
erde Conibn j
".Ve.t End .-. 1
'.Vol. A' i 1 "s !
V'hite (.;.- l j
Wright Mi'rtin 4 j
Bismarck, the Iron Chancellor, imposing- outrageous peace terms cn Trench after Franco-Prussisn war.
The reproduction, above, of a fa
mous German paintinjr shows Bis
marck, "Iron Chancellor" of Ger
many, dictatintr peace terms to
Jules .Favre and Louis Thiers,
French plenipotentiaries, after the
Franco-Prussian var cf IS70-71.
The "scraps of paper" are strewn
at Bismarck's feet, where he threw
them. He is stan'iin? on some of
.them. Thiers has almost col
lapsed in his chair ai the thnuirht
of the injustice to his country in
the trms. When tho representa
tives of the nations meet this time
to settle thinjrs the dictators will be
the allied anil U. S. leaders. Ger
many will ret justice that's alL
iyg-er-e.rcot.p.
t-z.i c wtU-baiarccd
3 z.r,a unsciis
C "iTMAM.
(Ey Collins & Brsiherton.)
. OS
(.1.
E
. j FooT V
1 .
Argo '.
Adams
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R
uig Jim Con
Lcundarx Cone
Gold Ore
j .TaU Road lion
C:ld Cliff
I Lucky .'toy
;nnys:de
Te'luride
Tcra Rfeil
United Kr.steru
Ktd L'ou
OTHER CURBS.
Cndsdon
Green Monster
Butte London
Lundee
Venture Hi'.!
i itts-Jerome
"rrcrr," Vorde
Arlt-Arir.orn
Jerome Portland
Ins-Ni ; dies
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Wolv-Arizcna
Verde Combination
Aiinmi Consol'dated
Nrcoari Consolidated ...
Porphyry
C::l. & Jerome
Feather River
.Of.
.02
.(."
."2
.04
.OS
1.54
4.25
cf them to tiie.r home, in order to
l:;oviile for their guests, the Grant.:,
?..rs. M;.cl :tyre and the Mei'hces not
only gave up their 'own needed cloth
ing but cheerfully used every scrap
of food they had to supplv the hu-.igr-,-
i survivors with meals, and were theni
I selves literally starving w hen Aimr
;ican Red Cross olficeru by accident
discovered the situation and drove ")
j miles to a country store to buy pro
visions to replenish the lardcis of
' the good Samaritans.
I One of the Red Cross officers in re-'
counting to the correspondent the re
1 net won; 01 tne islanders cenciuded
.05
.15
.06
OS
.03
.06
.02
l j by saying: ."The people or the United
-03 States o.ve a debt of gratitude to the
06 people of this little island that cu
12 never be ren.iid " The Otr.intri v.-.is
connection with the Tuscania disas-
ter.
Colonel Turnbuil. head of the con- ;
st. ibulary of Argyll, is warmly praised
by the army officers for his able ad
ministration of the work of recovering 1
bodies, Sgt. of Police .Malcolm Mac- j
Neil, who led the Tuscania rescue
work, is also commended for his tire-;
less labors in recovering the Otranto
bodies. ;
r t?. v. no ru.;uii"
r.:iks n;:; 0:
las vesterdav ti
G;i:.e C :c:
cr.-'i: !.
v.v j in i'.oll!
!e:.--j f "-i orchard raaen t-j
P. -'an la I i f F 0.1.. la.--. ( th
.re S00 r.-nil .rocs rnd a wile
-r-
at T
It'lll i.is.
c!o.--3 a I
L;: V. . 1
rnn.h j
variety ;
ot g;r;i;
i-tintir
place a
vn:
and t.,:ri.-':
it
is the
cf Dr. P.and iii to ma'tc this
rnciive as a s.'mr.icr resort
for the ifc:)mn)cjat:,:!i l':t "e resid
ing in Dong as and i!i it-e. needing
rest and recreation.
j il v. .IC. i.i-y
: to vcr.'c r.' i i-;.-:.ZT t..r:cc,
! Scoff's bvift,; n vc.h cf rich
j to l.-y rna? c. j ju a tc:
jr"od totnerrov.
r a.
- i 1 'i
A specialist from Chicago 1
loaned to tliis store by
Vt Til K,
A
n 1 1.
.ho rccc'r-Lzcd foot
i r
1 T2
uLboniy, is hcra ;
WecneEoay Friday
ft fort nn'Vcrcd peojiio rhould lot.e no
time in taming to see him.
Examination and Advice
Absolutely FREE
This exrert knows all about feet
lie knows the famous Dr. Scholl
methods of correction and he
knows that
uvisa
i Dt Scholl
vptuncc crRzneJu FcrEwiuRrt TtcufM
Let him examine your foot and
tell you what is the trouble,.the
cause and the vay to quickly
correct it. Let him demonstrate
on your own foot tluit you can
gain
Foot Comfort
immediately. You don't have to
v cr.r "ircaky" or loose shoes.
i re Dr. iicnoll p'an iz to ivc
foot comfort v;hi:e you wear
the stylish, well Ltlin ch'jcs
you l:e.
All Yc!coit.9.
Corco la
i f
v. '
j ; v -- ;tt-, " ; - rr" T"T B
i
t ' ..''! : , j
ft '
mm
mm
ll::m V
km ri
3.00
.o7.
.15
1.12
.02
.:!
.44
.OS
.00
.4it
.12
1.S7
2
.02
C 0:
.65
.50
3.12;
.44 ;
04 :
.40
.50
.11 ;
.17 :
.12 !
.05
C.25
.SO
.12
l- sunk in collision with tha steamship ;
4.50 Kashmir eff the Scottish coa:.t w ith a j
-0 ' ;o.:s of rp.j7 American soldiers. !
Un!ted L'l .'.es ar:;:y officers have
been so greatly impressed by the
kindness and hospitality of tlu i.:!an :-1
er3 that they made a special request
of the Associated Press to carry a list j
of the names ot those whose service,
was particularly notable. From the I
Laird of islay, Hugh Morrison, and j
his wife Lacy Mary, down to the
humblest peasant, the islanders have
done everything in thj.r power to
comfort the sui vaois and lieip to re
cover tne dean.
In addition to those already nanred.
tiw army officers' honor iiai iu iudcs
David jrcTaggart. a farmer, an i his
wife and son. McTaggart, who is the
chief of the island's volunteer coast'
lifeguard, led the rescue parties when
tho survivors began to come ashore.
; Standing up to his armpits In the dan
; gerous surf, he pulled out four drown
! ing men, three of whom were soldiers
and the other a member of the crrw.
' AH of these, with four other survivors,
j were taken by MaeTaggart's young
son to the family s home at Kilchia-
:i, several miles distant, where they
.ere taken care of until a British do-
! stroyer tool-, them to Londonderry.
' Another lifesaver was Andrew Stev
! enson, a seaman who holds a Carnegie
i medal for heroism.
I Others oa the army list are Mrs.
! Sarah Hyland. Alex .MacMillan. i:iss
BACKS THAT SURVIVORS OF I Jeanie Killen, Cpt. Rob. Lawson, Miss
Mary N. Clarke, Miss Flora MacAlpin,
Miss Euphemie Currie, Donald Gilles-
i pie. Hector Mucfad&en, Miss Kate
Clark, Ronald McDugash, and Miss
Mary Maclntyre.
Many of these already had earned
American gratitude by their labors in
George Gray, night sergeant at thej
police station at Douglas is on day'
(My and Lo Wright is night sergeant,
owing to the fact that Day Sergeant ;
Id ward Thornton cannot attend to ;
his duties because of the illness of;
his wife. ,
i
A Tonic and i
Health Builder j
All Choked Up With Catarrh?
Why Continue Makeshift Treatment?
bprays and douches wiJ never
curs you.
Catarrh h annovinr enou
it choi
tHi?a v
i-uit hi
"Hr-iiov '.ir.t vrn'.nr. O'vr'i o;
with ('rii.'crbs (Oie calcium t.
Thty rive "trcni'tli to cociii-t i
!,it - .box-; jit d - ! iru'M s ur lr fm
i;"K.t.. iAHoRAVi '':V. i'Li i.:
cold
.lot).'
i when
; up. your nostrils and air
cr.v.sir.g- paininl and ciifli
ith.incr and other discom
::r the real i!r-;i'.ror con-.cs
rc.!cl;c5 dovn ir.!- yjur
vnv
l.mun'a AllTati .".
shouM
ci ; t li
U once
proper
ne ex-retne-
dies wliflh touch only the surface.
To be n'J of Catarrh, you must drive
the disease germs out of your blood.
Splendid results have been report
ed from t:ie use of S. S. S.. which
completely routs from your blood
the Catarrh germs, for which it i
a pcriVct antidote.
S. S. S. is sold by all drucgfct.
li you v. i;h mc licsl advice as to the
treatment 01 your own individual
case, write to-Jav to Chiet Mcdicil
Adviser, Swift Specific Co., Dept.
li. Atlanta. Ga.
D 9
0 :T'v1
E3
4s ?R:r$ f F
NATION OWES DEBT OF
GRATITUDE TO ISLAND
OF ISLAY RESIDENTS i i
THEY GAVE FCOD UNTIL THEY
HAD NONE THEMSELVES AND
GAVE CLOTHING FROM THEIR
OTRANTO MIGHT LIVE
RRIDGKXD. ISLAND OF ISLAY,
Scotland. Oct. 12. (Correspondence of
the Associated Press.) There were
tears in the eyes cf five American
soldiers saved from the wrecked
troopship Otranto when they said
good-bye today to the good people of
the little hamlet of Kilchoman. They
had just attended a simple Sabbath
service especially held for them by
their friend the padrr, the Rev. Don
ald Grant, in the cottage of the village
school mistress, Mrs. Isabelle Macln
tyre. who had personally cared for
seven of the 20 survivot; who reached
the island, and who with Mrs. Grant,
the padre's wife, were regarded by the
men as second mot P.. 'is.
One of the five, pvt. Karl Gaivcr of
Cincinnati, owed hi-, i :e to Mrs. Grant
who worked for five hours ovtsr him
h( .ore he revived, an.! who was fight-
ins to save I'm. Wiiiiani Cno:u y ,f I
KEPT HER AVAKE
The Terrible Pains In Back zz&
Sides. Cardoi Care Relief.
Marksville, La. Mrs. Alice Johnson, !
of this place, writes: "For cne yezi 1 !
suffered with an awful misery in my back 1
and sides. My left side was hurting- me
all the time. The misery was something
awfuL
I could not do anything, not even siccp '
tt nihL It kept i:.e awake r.ioct of the
n"s'-t ... I tcck dil.'erent mcl:;inc$, bi:l
ro'.hing c'ici rr.e any good or relieved me
until I toe Cardui ...
Augusta, lij., cnticailv i.i wnii pr.i u-j J ' ' '
wonia. For years Mrs t'r.:iit was pi-! '-cr oneyesr and I got worse all the ::n:e,
assistant mat ion of a big hospit.il in ; wj - confined to my bed oil and o.. I
.j:., .,,nw an i Dr. Huuh .Maciuy.-e c! sob.'.d wil'.i invl.nck l-.at v.li"n I -Iconcd
l, down I wr.s not b'c to st:.1','! '-'"i up
CS.i:ri ... I decided I would l:y Cnrdm
. . . Ly time I had ta!:en ll.e cnt;:? bot'.'.a
I wr.s feeling prclty good ar.d coij'J
ttrr-ioi.ten up and my pains were nearly
'l gone.
I sh :11 always praise Ccrdui. 1 con
timirU taking it until I was strong and
wci!." If you suffer from pains due to
I'-irirb comrlainls, Cardui may be just
that i !.at you need. Thousands of women
a ! ,v!. i once r.i'"i-rpft in this wpv now rr::tr,s
Cardui for their present good health,
dive it a trial. NC-133 i
M.-i'ljind, who trcad-d all the
r-i:r ivors. regards her as one o.
iim-t tkiifal u.irses m Vcetland.
IVg Sgl. C. A. Mi Donald el" G
I,
pyiiis
m
IP I
A few years ago the famous scientist. I'rof. Metch
nakofi'. declared that people generally became de
er: pit feeble aged, years and yoa.s "dp fore their
t ine that :i person ought to live well over a hun
dred years, lie devoted a long Hie to scientific ex
periments and proved t'mt the toxic poisons wh:c!i
form in the intestines and cause p.u'ointcxieati.;n
(hat is. self poisoning had more to do with short
ening life than anything else. Clean out these pois
ons and there is no reason why human beings should
not live hale, hearty, strong and vigorous a hundred
yiars or more. Such is the doctrine as taught by
the noted Vetchnikoff.
What causes these toxic poisons, you ask where
do they come from how do they get into the In
testinal tract?
Science gives an answer in one word iiiperacid
Uy which is merely the medical nam;' for vi;.t is
more commonly known as acid-stomach.
Too much acid in the stomach interferes with prop
er digestion of food. Instead, it ferments; and it is
this ma of partially digested, sour. tVrhiejit ng tood
passing through th; i"l.'s.incs that creates these tox
l. po-ious - p:.ISOIl:
iau;'ii:.' it lo I'ccor.
that are i art icd in
o'.is ih.it cciise a U
Pol's of men
1 ,..;.ing ! i !rn
burg
ha.v
Hi . v as visibly al' :'. ! d ov
ha!. iir-.. and lie said lo the .'
ted s r present;:! ive as ij:
aw ay to Lridgcnd. "That's
;: t lit'd as it v.as to lei.ve hotti'
i neither JleDt.nald m.iJ jm-v
( e
' ' N i '
r i .
, ei ,
li.it i..
1 '.!
tit' i
'hy.
V
tht't
e tlii;
' I 4
I T ! !'.
M ; : i .
!' lil'l.
in ti.
are absorbed in
. t.i!e and sui-,:
o t:.e
-i-P
b'oofl
.TV '
. tl (
Of
the blo;t cut of the body. You can fairly feel it
v. O.I.. This leaves the stonu-.ch sweet, cool and
strong. As th? excess acid is ta'ten away, it aids
digestion and assimilation and o helps you get ful'
strength out of every mouthful of food you eat. In
cases of ini:n;cstiOii. heart burn, bloat, belching, gas
sy. sour stomach, food-repeating and that miserable
puffed up feeling after eating. EATON IC affords
almost instant relief.
It is not intended that EA TOXIC is in any sense
sattgested as a direct cure for catarrh, ulcer and
cancer of tite stomach, cirrhosis of the liver, auto
intoxication, anemia, emaciation, nervousness, ment
al depression, headache and other serious disorders
arising from super-acidity. But EATON IC positively
ifoes clean out the excess acid. And never los sight
of the fact that it is excess acid acid-stomach
which is the starting couse. so great food scientists
say, of all those physical and mental ills.
You Wive a tight to enjoy perfect health, eat the
things you like without the slightest fear of iU after
effects, fe.'l fine and fit and be at your best yhysl
rally an I mentally every hour of the day. ccry
day or the e;,r and from one year's end to the
other You err hi to sleep scUiuKy and gcr up in
a-.-d. rtady and i a ; -r to pp.: :e
: k. joy u :. c rtl.rrsiastic. l'.at d
' v ;r; ? ii on d.m's there's on:'-
tin
morning ret:
a:
i
,h:
set r
' U
t'T ,
VOU
I.
ll
ri-l -.'
th.-
h n
r'.-h
,rtl y
y.c.ir
i.u.re e:
res a r - t
3'1't he
v al'r u
p .;i
h.'
th
1.
f. r i
l. " in
I. .! '
i: v
i. in
'iC
to 1
'ATOV
:.t.
his
the
.ade
rni'anions realized
!( II lice lho.-e 1 Ai
for tile A 1 1 1 ' : .m
i.i' ntner of the-islsiniei
warm heurt.nl shepherd
Phe.' hos" two sons.
the exie:
women
I : (
s inclini.
naini'd
Konald
it t: i
ir-d
Mc-and
1 1
: id
John, rescued live men and took four THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1918.
REVIEW WANT ADS
.Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
issue, with a minimum charge of 2a cents. Advertisements must reach
The review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion the next morning.
For Rent
FOR RENT Housekeeping and j
batching rooms. 31-C O. K. street.!
Call Black 571. '
FOR RENT Three room bungalow, j
furnished. First house on right past j
end of car line Tombstone canyon.
Owner in small house ill rear. Call j
9 to 4. B
FOR RENT Furnished, two house-j
keeping rooms. 105 Schoo.l bill. 59
FOR RENT One large housekeeping:
room. 98-C O. K. street. 1 !
FOR RENT Two room house, close
in. Call Black 571. 92
FOR RENT Four rooms, furniture
for sale cheap. 14 Montana street,
Johnson addition. H-
FOR RENT Two furnisned house
keeping rooms, lights and water fur
nished. 163 sjpera Drive. Phone
Blue 711. 67
TOR RENT Three ruruished house
keeping rooms, light and water, rea
sonable. 103 Mason hill, just off
Mason stop. Mrs. Xieo. Eoff, Beyers
house. 53
FOR RENT Three or five room fur
nished bouse. 41 Laundry hill, near
Metz car stop. 52
FOR RENT Two rooms well furnish
ed, with water and light free. John
son addition, Johnson avenue. No.
30. 49
FOR RENT Two furnished house-
keeping rooms. 71 Upper Lowell. IS
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. Apply Geo. Devine, next to
Hayes bouse. Tombstone canyon. 19
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms,
opposite Loretto school. Phone Too.
14
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
for housekeeping. No children. 21S
High road. Anna Murphy. 994
FOR RENT House tent for house
keeping. Loma 39, Laundry tan
yon. 99S
FOR RENT Furnished room in War
re'n. Private entrance. Inquire
Warren Drug company. 8
FOR RENT Furnished front " room.
42 Montana street, Johnson addi
tion. 9
FOR RENT Bright sunny room with
bath, outside entrance. In private
family. Phone (14. 9 2
FOR KENT Furnished rooms at
Stag club. Mrs. D. J. Kennedy, pro
prietress. 8
FOR RENT Nice kitchen, house
keeping rooms. Mark Rooming
house, LcwelL 857
FOR RENT Garage, Tombstone can
yen, second house to right of Mason
avenue car stop. dh
For Sale
FOR SALE English baby cab. Phone
Black 475. S
FOR SALE On account of sickness,
best located hotel in Bisbee. Clean
and well furnished. Doing a good
business. Just the place fur man
and wife. Full particulars address
H L V.. Review. 93
t
FOR SALE Library table. Free sew
ing machine; also large copper
perculator. Gibson House, Clawson
hill. 89
FOR SALE Furniture of seven room
bouse. Almost new. 11 Tank
hill. 63
FOR SALE 1916 model Indian motor
cycle. Inquire 79 Brewery Gulch.
FOR SALE Gas range and beating
stove, No. 8 Cooper flats. Warren.
24
FOR SALE On installments, tracts
of irrigated land under the Elephant
Butte dam nearLas Cruces. N. M.
Write, J. H. Higdon, El Paso, Texas.
51
FOR SALE A Rood grade sheets,
washed once, 75 ceuls each or $8 a
doien. Box 713, Varren. 17
FOR SALE Adding machine in good
condition, cheap. Address, Box A.
Review. 26
FOR StLE Best equipped and best
located boarding house in city.
c-he:ip; 75 steady boarders. tali
at Room 14 Alien block. 1)40
FOR SALE Chevrolet five-passenger
1917 model. F. J. Kcogh Auto Up
holstery and Paint Slioy. .'J7
FOR SALE Ford iuurir.g car. l:-iS.
Just bi i-.i ove-i hauled, sever..! extra
iuw tin i ail around. Terms if k
siu d. Apply Hood Ac Uledsoe Gar
age. i47
FOR SALE Second hand Ford ear.
Apply at llood fc Bledsoe garage.
FOR SALE Bu'ic-x roadster, pood
condition, bargain. Addrpss, O , cure
Review. elh
70R SALE Furniture of 24 rooms
Twelve housekeeping rooms and 12
sleeping rooms. Rooms all full. Star
Rooming house, opposite City park.
73li
FOR SALE Laylnz liens and pullets,
all brecas. write us your runirc
nients. Phoenix Seed & Feed com
pany. Phoenix, Ariz. til6
FOR SALE The Pressure Cooker.
Phone 734 for cookers or demonstra
tion. Eisbee Mattress Works. 152
Male Help Wanted
WANTED On San Jose dairy, two
m.ikers. One mile west of Uaco
cr Uoi 12. Naco, Arizona. 2s
female Help Wanted
WANTE
Saleslady. Must speak
Spanish. Racket Jewelry store.
Brewery Gulch. 67
WANTED A nouse porier.
Queen hotel.
Copper
SI'S
Positions Wanted
i WANTED Experienced grocery clerk
desires position in city or suburb.
I Can give reference from concern' in
1 city. Box 39:52, Lowell. !6
j WANTED Middle aged lady w ants
I work as nurse for children or sick
people or general housework. B. F.,
care Review. ISO
Lost
LOST A white Spitz dog, license No.
1U4. Return to Mrs. S. J. Davey,
Gasson House. Reward. .. 64
LOST Malacitc cuff button. Return
to Phelps Dodge, Lowell. Reward.
20
Miscellaneous
HOTEL LETSON Main street. Phone
j 659. Exceptionally clean, quiet,
i nicely furnished rooms. Special
i rates to permanent guests. 47
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
i From J2 up. All corsets
! carefully fitted. Ines Warburton,
next Arizona Grocery store, upper
' Main. (6
ISIT MADAM CLARK The well
known Clarivoyant and Palmist.
Are you in trouble of any kiud, un
happy, dissatisfied with life, have
domestic, love, or business troubles'.
You will be told how to overcome
them all. Whatever your trouble is,
I can help you. Hours 10 a. ni. to
8 p. m. daily. Lowell Hotel, Rooms
1 and 2, Lowell, Ariz. Sb
LIBERTY BONDS BOUGHT We pay
the following prices, any amount
bought ($50 to $50,01-0): 1st iVi pet
complete, $102; 2d 4 pet. complete,
SC; 3d 44, complete $JS; 4th 4 pet.
complete $94. Send same by
registered mall or by express.
Remittances returned same day.
Reference, Dun or Bradstreets
or any banking company. United
Stock Iioad Co., 414 Geary St.,
! San Francisco. 410
j K1TJS TO -Y. it. C. A. ecftooi, uos
Augeics,- aooui Auto, naciio, com
j luerciai ana tJigmeenng coursua
j xrain lor service. tar,
SC ECOND HAND CLOTHES SjuUL
j Phone 739. City Ly Vortts. tOi
iaMERICAN II O ME MADE BEER
j Not a near ueer, nor substitute, but
: a genuine beer made in the homo.
Simple, eiisy to make. Get the recipe
by America's foremost brewmaster.
j Send 10 cents for mailing, E. J.
Weston, 20S 1-2 East Ninth street,
: Los Angeles. C66
BUNDLES rp r-r.r PAPERS At the
! Review t .. ge bundles, price
i 25c.
Wanted
WANTED Two or three completely
furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Must be clean place with gas range
and coal heater. No hill. Young
couple, no children. W. J., care
Review. 87
WANTED Man or woman to give
foreigner English lessons. Address,
j F., care Review. 21
i
WAITED A few shares Verde
Squaw or Michigan Verde. Box
I 1397. 28
j WANTED Room and board for two
t small boys, for short period, with
reliable reople. Address, O., care
I Review. dh
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per
sonal iK te to salaried men and wo
men, also on furniture. Cox Loan
company, Itoom 7, Sparks Kline
building. 166
Legal Notices
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Lund Office at Phoe-uix, Arizona.
October 19, 191S.
X Ti. e is li'.T"".jy given that Manuel
i. i f t::.:.-t.-. Arizona, who.
? ..:-.'. r 2.-. :ii.". laatl-i Horn.'
C:r! i .:':', i-'o. C-ol3-;. Tur S. N.W.
N. s S. V. ';. tViilon 21. Tuwn
sn.p - ;i., Uan;.e 21 K.. G. & S. R. B.
& .".I.-riu:..j, lil.'J tiouee of inter
lion to luke' Yii:ve Year proof, to es
lal'.hli claim to the la;ul above de
i(-ril)--d. Lttore Jared D. Taylor. U. iv
Commissioner, at Uisbee. Arizona, ex.
t':e 2(irh day of November, 131S.
Claimant names as .witnesses:
J;iai s F. Kelly, of Garces, Arizona.
("Iiar'.es A. Martin, of Lowell, Ari
zona. William Kyan, ef Hereford, Arizona.
Getie L. Dunn, of Stark, Arizona.
JOHN L. IRWIN. Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
tll912G
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Offiee at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, ISIS.
Nolii e is hereby given that William
Kyi.n, of Hert ford, Arizona, v. ho, on
Si pti inber 6, 1312, made Desert Land
Entry. No. 019126, for N.E. S.K. U.
I.. i2 N.B. !. Sec. 7. N.W. 4 N.W. U.
;s-c:i:-Ti f. Ttv,-:i:'a'p P.r.nge
1 22-E.. G. & S. It. B. & Meridian, lias j
tiled notice of intention to make final j
' proof under the Act of March 4, l'Jio
i'urchase Clause to establish claim
to the land above described, before
Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commissioner,
jat Uisbee, Arizona, on the loth uay ol
December, 191S.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Angus Cillis,
James Delaney, both of nisbt.e, Ari
zona. Ben Morgan,
Dayton U Graham, jr., both of
Garces, Arizona.
6U8 JOHN L. 1RVIN, Register.
First publication November 9, 1U1S.
Last publication December 8, 11118.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
012722
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2. 1913.
Notice is hereby given that Albert
Gattrell, of Sunnyside, Arizona, who,
on December 30, 1910. made Homo
steal Entry, No. 012722, for H. E. 3.,
No. 203.
A tract of land described by metes
and bounds, as follows: Beginning at
Corner No. 1 from whence U. S. L. M.
No. 00 H. E. S. hears N. 29 degs. 13'
E. 62.09 chains.
Thence S. 49 degs. 18' E. 6.99 chains
to Cor. No. 2.
Thence S. 25 degs. 43' W. 42.24
chains to Cor. No. 3.
Thence S. 73 degs. 19' W. 17.0i
chains to Cor. No. 4.
Thence N. 20 degs. 5S' E. 14.30
chains to Cor. No. 5.
Thence N. 35 degs. -21' E. 41.S3
chains to Cor. No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing 53.26 Acres in ap
proximate Sections 15 and IS (uusur
veyed) Tp. 23-S., R 19-E.. cf the G. &
S. R. B. &. Meridian. Arizona, in the
Coronado National Forest has filed no
tice of intention to make five year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before W. A. Fowler,
U. S. Commissioner, at Tombstone,
Arizona, on the Ilia day of Decem
ber, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
George W. Parker, of San Rafael,
Arizona.
Lucy Langford, of Sunnyside, Ari
zona. Lewis K. Mclntyre, of Parker Can
yon, Arizona.
Gustave J. Peterson, of Sunnyside,
Arizona.
610 JOHN L. IRVK, Register.
First publication November 9, 1918.
Last publication December 8. 191S.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
027121
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 9, 191S.
Notice is hereby given that Joseph
Hammer, of Hereford. Arizona, who,
on July 8, 1915, made Homestead En
try, No. 027121, for S.K. , E. y, N.W.
14. E. S.W. Vi. Section 25, 'Town
ship 23-S., Range 21-E.. G. & S. R. B.
& Meridian, has filed notice of inten
tion to make three year proof, to es
tablish claim to the land above de
scribed, before W. A. Fowler, U. S.
Comuilisxner, at Tombstone, Arizona,
on the 17th day of December, 191S.
Claimant names as witnesses:
George J. McCabe,
Milton Clark,
Adolph C. Hinters,
Leslie Wilcox, all of Hereford, Ari
zona. 817 JOILN L. IHYIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
C23275 027394
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land OuSce at Fhoui. Ariz.
November 2, 1913.
Notice is hereby given that Pearl E.
Vooihees, of Hereford. Ax.zona, who,
oa September 5, 1913, made Home
stead Entry No. 023275 for the S.E. 4,
Sec. 28, Tp. 22-S., R. 21-E., and on May
11, 1915, made additional Homestead
Entry, No. 0273SJ4, for S.E. N.E. Vi,
Sec. 28, W. N.W. Vi. Sec. 27, Town
ship 22-S., Range 21-E.. G. & S. R. B. &
Meridian, has filed notice of inteution
to make three year proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 11th
day of Dot ember, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
WiUiam A. Lyth,
Albert J. Voorhees, both of Here
ford, Arizona.
John E. Nelson, of Bisbee, Arizona.
Louis A. Loedecker, of Turner,
Arizonx
007 JOHN L. IRVIN, Rt'gistor.
First publication November 9, 1918.
Last publication December 8, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
026913 023S2G
Department of the- Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, 1913.
Notice Is hereby given that Albert
J. Voorhoes, of Hereford, , Arizona,
who, oa March 15, 1915, made Home
stead Entry, No. 02G913. for W. '4 N.E.
S- Vs N.W. ',. Sec. 2G, S. ft N.E.
I-, S.E. ' N.W. i. Section 27, and on
.ovembe-r 17, 1915, maue additional
iioiuestead Entry, No. U23S26, tor N.E.
'i N.W. Soetion 27. Township 22 S,
..uur.y 21-E., G. S. i'.. B. & Meridian,
Ji.; tiled notice of i.itention 10 mako
.Invo year proof, to establish ciaiin to
.hu la ml aiioie described, before Jared
i. Taylor, U. S. CouiniisisoLer, at Bis
beis, Arizona, on the 11th day of De-e-.uuer,
1913.
Claimant names us witnesses:
V.'i!iia:a A. Lytii,
Pearl E. Voorhees, both of Hereford,
Arizona.
Louis A. Boedeeker, of Turner, Ari
zona. John E. Nelson, of Hisbeo, Arizona
0!l JOHN L. Ii:lN, Register.
First 'publication November 9. 1913.
Last publication December 8, 1913.
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF
STOCKHOLDERS OF EL PASO &
SOUTHWESTERN RAILROAD
COMPANY.
Notice is hereiiy p:ven that a spe
cial mei'tini of stockholders of El
I'asn i. Southwestern Railroad com
pany will be held at tbo principal of
fice of tho company in BLibee, Cochise
CHANGE IS SLOW
OF ACCEPTANCE
WITH THE FRENCH ARMY AT;
METZ, Nov. 25, (By the Associated j
Press). It is going to take some
time for "the territory of Metz" to ac
custom itse'f to the changes which
are being made in its administration,
in the opinion of the old inhabitants
of this region. By thi3 name, this
part of reconquered Lorraine will be
known until it has been finally ar.d
fully reinstated in the French repub
lic The greater problem will be Metz
itself, the fmaller towns and rural
districts, excepting the mining dis
tricts, being a sthoroughly French as
evtr. Metz, the metropolis of the
province, however, after having
served for 40 years as a German gar
rison, has been Germanized to an ex
tent that can be appreciated only by
personal contact. The very consider
able flvmber of German immigrants
the imperial army brought with it
bad established the strong German
colony, almost equalling the French
civilian population in numbers. These
Germans held all the public offices
and filled all the public posts on rail
loads and In the postal service. They
finally succeeded In gaining an equal
representation with the Irench in th:
municipal council.
. The native population, unfailing in
Its loyalty to France, was overwhelm
ed and terrorized and could only nurse
its affection for France in secret.
Now that tbe liberation the people
hoped for, almost without daring, foi
It, has come, it has taken them by
surprise.
Those residents of Metz who are
most devoted to France still find oc
casionally that, in spite of themselves,
they are speaking low when talking of
France and their newly regained lib
erty, from instinctive fear of a heavy
German hand on the shoulder and an
invitaticn to follow to the police sta
tion. The German population, on the
ether hand, appears to lack thus far
full comprehension of what has hap
pened. The German residents take
the arrival of French troops as an un
warranted invasion. The presiding
oficer of the German civil adminis
tration. Baron von Gemmingen, show
ed surprise when Monsieur Mclman.
the perfect of Nancy, appointed com
misary by the French government for
Lorraine, arrived to take possession
of his post.
Monsieur Mclman found a portrait
cf the German emperor still hanging
In the private office of the perfec
ture. Naturally it was taken down
and relegated to a corner. This ac
tion Baron von Gemmingen charac
terized as "violent pressure." It took
two days to convince the old presi
dent of the German administration
that the newly arrived commissary
was in fact his successor and that he
must give way.
Order is being maintained in Mtz
during the period of transition by
natives of Alsace-Lorraine, with tri
color badges on their arms.
The German signs are being given a
French color, the names of hotels,
restaurants and business bouses los
ing their Teuton flavor. The arrival
cf French tronp3 with the prospects
of more and better food has had a
tlr.-id.d cfi'ecl in lowering prices.
Articles that were fifteen marks a
week ago are selling for ten francs.
It is possible today to lunch wel1
in Metz for five francs. The portions
of the principal hotel menus that were
six marks have been cut down to;
four francs. The bread and meat ra
tions as fixed under the German card
system will be increased on the ar-;
rival of trains of provisions already
on the way.
Most of the French officials sent
here to administer the affairs of the
territory of Metz are natives of Lor
raine, who know the mentality of the
populations thoroughly. The muni
cipal government will be entirely in
the bands of native inhabitants.
BETTEM CALOMEL
Thousands Have Discovered Dr.
Edwards' Olive Tablets are
a Harmless Substitute.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets the substi
tute for calomel ere a cifld but sure
laxative, and their effect oa the liver is
almost instantaneous. They are tho result
of Dr. Edwards determination not to treat
liver and bowel complciat3 with cclomcL
His efforts to banish it brought out thece
little olive-colored tablets.
These pleasant little fc-blcte do the cood
that calomel does, but have no bid after
effects. They don't injure the teeth like
strong Iiquid3 or cdorr.eL The7 ta!:c ho! J
of the trouble and quickly correct it. V'ky
cure the liver at the e::pcnse cf the teeth?
Calcmel sonieti:ac3 plays Lavoc v.-ith the
puins. So dostron z liquids. It i? beet
to take calcm J., bat to bt Dr. LV'-.-.-arcla'
O'.ive Tat'xta take in r.;-cc t
Most headackes, x"dulL-.C;" c: 1 Ci't
lazy feeling cone irom cccrCpcti-n end
a disorder::! Lvc;-. Take Dr. E.lv.are'j'
Olive Tablets when yea feci ''l?zzf' cl;d
"heavy." Note Low they "clear ' clouded
brain and how they "perk up" the spirits.
h)c and 23c a b-. All cirugistSk
county, Arizona, on Wednesday, the
4th Uay cf December, 1913, at two
o'clock p. 111. for the purpose of elect
ing diroetors to serve until the next
annual meeting of stockholders, or ufl
til their kuc'ccsgoih are elected and
qualified, and also for the purpose of
considering and acting upon a resolu
tion to approve all of the actB of the
officers and directors of raid company
since the last annual meUing thereof.
This meeting is called !y stockhold
ers of record of said Kl 1 iso & South
Aesl'Tii Railroad compa y who own
u:ur' than one-third of tl 1 issued and
utsf ;ndii;tr capital stock hereof, said
c.ill duly signed by said stockholders
being 011 file in my office.
CKORGK XOTMAN.
Secretary of HI I'aso & luthwestern
Railroad Company. 6V9
BRITISH ANTHEM IS
FOREGONE TO HONOR
HEROESOF AMERICA
DELICATE HONOR PAID THE MEN
WHO GAVE UP THEIR LIVES IN
THE SINKING OF TRANSPORT
OTRANTO; LAID AT REST AS
ISLANDERS SING
DHIDGEND, ISLAND OF ISLAY,
Scotland, Uet. 12. (Correspondence of
the Associated Press.) 1 he .time-hallowed
custom of singing "God Save
the King," at the conclusion of every
formal British ceremony was broken
at the funeral services last Friday for
the American soldiers who lost their
lives with the sinking of the transport
Otranta In collision off the Scotch
coast with the Kashmir.
As a tribute to the American sol
diers buried side by side with the
naval officers and men from the
wrecked British transport, the British
national anthem was followed by the
singing of "The Star Spangled Ban
ner," in which the entire assembly,
which included several high naval
and military officers and virtually the
entire population of the island, joined.
Few knew the words but the islanders
carried the tune with their soft Gaelic
voices, standing with their beads
bared to the sharp wind from the sea.
It was a delicate courtesy that was
deeply appreciated by the United
States army officers and American
Red Cross officials present.
To attend the funeral, the islanders
came from the remotest parts of Islay,
some driving 30 amiles In the spring
less, jolting "box carts" familiar to
Americans who have toured Ireland
and Scotland.
Up to that time the bodies of 199
victims had been recovered and given
temporary burial in an open field near
the little church at Kilchoman, which
looks out over the, cliff to the scene
of the wrack. The procession, which
formed in the churchyard, followed
the bodies of the Otranto's captain,
G. W. Davidson, and the ship's chief
engineer to the burial ground. The
Laird of Islay's pipers headed the" c.r
tege, playing Scotch dirges as they
marched. Then came a filing party,
with arms reversed; next, the three
clergymen of the island, the Rev. Don
ald Grant of the Scotch Presbyterian
church, an Episcopal minister and a
Roman Catholic priest. Then came the
bearers of the British and the Amer
ican flags, the latter being Sgt. C. A.
McDonald of Galesburg, 111., one of the
survivors. United States army and
American Red Cross officers marched,
as the chief .mourners, behind the
flags, followed by British naval and
military officers, the laird, Hugh Mor
rison, and other prominent men of
Islay.
A guard of the Argyllshire constabu
lary, brought from the mainland, had
been posted around the graves.
Simple ktjrvices, cci.jii.t:ng chiefly
cf the reading of prayers, were con
ducted by Mr. Grant, assisted by the
priest and the Episcopal minister. A
salute of six volleys was then fired,
after which the British and American
national anthems were sung.
The graves were wide shallow pits,
the bodies being covered only with sod
while American soldiers were making
coffins for the regular interment
which was soon to follow.
GERMANS COLONIZED
GOURLAHD TO BRING
ABOUT MORE FARMING
NEED FOR FOOD CAUStLO Or.GAX
IZATION OF STATE CCLCMZV
TION BUREAU AND RUiHING O"
THEIR COUNTRYMEN I f ! T O
THAT PART OF RUSSIA
STOCKHOLM. 0t. 10. (Correspon
dence of the Associated Pre?s.) Ger
man poveran'ent official ; :.u . '
associations are engaged in an exten
sive movement to colonize Ceriaan
settlers In the formerly Russian Baltic
provinces of Courland, Lithuania and
Esthonia. This is one phase ard an
important one of the German plan to
gain commercial and economic ascend
ancy in those provinces bordering on
the Baltic seu.
A state colonization hureau is al
ready in existence in Berlin, and it
special association for colonizing the
eastern provinces has been formed in
addition. This association has already
accumulated a considerable fund for
the purpose of settling Germans in the
Baltic provinces. The Saxon provin
cial diet has appropriated a half mil
lion marks for this purpose. This
work is also being aided by the Baltic
Germans. Many of them, holders of
large entailed estates, have expressed
a willingness to sell portions thereof
naturally at a good price to iiuend
Ing German colonists.
Courland alone, if it were as thickly
populated as Kast Prussia, could sup
port 2, 'Mill, (100 inhabitants. It now has
only TOii.Uiio.
Germany greatly needs food, and
hence devoted especial energy to
bringing about a resumption and ex
tension of agriculture in the Baltic
proinces.
ritins have been made iu Germany
to organize Baltic cities of cruimt.eu
of einumt dee along German lines. The
city authorities nf Riga have bogiw
to carry out plans for a rehabilitation
oT the city's industrial life through
the reopening of the factories, wiiosv
work was made impossible by the
dismantling of the machinery by tlie
Germans during hostilities in this sec
tion. A beginning is to te made with
wooden wares, especially furniture,
for which there is a great demand
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential I
facts of each, their meeting nights, their oUicers and Uie place of gather-1
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns. 1
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
night. Moose HalL
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
R. I. GLEASON.
Dictator
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
G. A. PLUNKETT. N. O.
LESTER "EUSTACE, Sec'y.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hali. Visiting
j sisters are cordially inviteti.
MINNIE BLUM. M. E. C
Phone Black S51.
I IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
I Rnr 1475
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
. Bisbee Aerie
No. 175, F. O.
K. mppts 1st
fv't&jKt and 3d Tues-
.?JiiALj days, 8 p. m..
ffcfSi Eagles Hal1-
' iT"' Visitors cor-
rJSlV dially wel-
come.
J. F. WILMOTH, PresdenL
F. C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
C. L. EDMUNDSON, Aerie Physician.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 89b. meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vich hall. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
MRS. C. C. FINLAYSON.
Foreman, P. O. Box 1525.
K. D. STINSON,
Correspondent. Box 1496. "
WEEK ENDING NOVEMBER 23, 191S
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Catnrrlav
W. W. GIDLEY, W M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y. F. ft A- M.
J. W. TOLAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary CounciL
1 LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
! UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADNOUGHT
L. O. I NO. 21a
meets in T. O.
O. F. Hall first
1 tfNW' and thira
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. WM. T. SMtTHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. tox 426, Bisbee.
1.
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc
Reliable House f9 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully qllclts Your
Patronage
PHONE 3
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICt"
A. OWER3, Mgr., BaVerville
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHOES 640 und 58.
WWWANWl(VWA
11 Germany. The Risa authorities are
beins supported actively by German
experts mid with German money.
Without regard to the fact that the
final settlement of th; war may fnia
trati! such work, the Germans are also
planning or actually undertaking e j
tt-nshe material reconstruction, in-1
eluding buildings, canals and railroa.Is.
There is a p!:in on foot for a cir.il
from Risa to Chorson. nt the moi.uth
of the Imieper on the Black sea. Late
Baltic newspapers report that the
Germans ar building three railways
on the island of Oesel, and that por
tions of them are even already in ope-'
ration.
1 I
, Be tear ofeuunlnJHm
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathboce Lodge No. It
Kntehtu nf Prthi-
y meets eacn luesuay
(except second) in Odd
.f.-.y
nj y i-eiiows nail at :3
;f7f p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
H. E. WOOTON. C. O
W. E. McCALLUM. K. of R. S.
'.ik
i . '
LODGE NO. 671
day of each month. Visiting brothers
Regular meeting first and third Frt-
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:3
p. m., Finnish Hall.
D. C. SAXBY, C. C.
O. a THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
meets In Masonic Baa
Pearl Chapter, No. (. meets
in Masonic Hall second ui
fourth Tuesday of eack
month at 7:30 p. m. u
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43. Bisbee"
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec'y. P. O.
Box 2299. Cbairman Relief Cool.
Phone 161.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS;
Meets in L O. O. I".
Kail First and ThirA
Saturdays. Visit ia
brothers welcome.
S. F. BENTON. Councillor,
F. M. WILLIAMS, Rec. Secy.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. f. a
Bisbee Lodge Nx
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medig
vich HalL Visit
ing members cordially Invited.
B. F. MOSS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13US.
Meets 1st Saturday
iledigovich Hail,
jt. U MOTZ. Consul.
A. F. MATHKWSOX,
Cler.
C H. H0GAH
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAH
COLLINS &
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdg., Main Strett
Phone 26 Box 1129
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on' short notice
f m
rtiV-'5 EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1918.
City Briefs
.
Ha anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so. call
The Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 3. .
FROM CANANEA.
Oscar Jenson of
Cananea. was a
Bisbee visitor and was a guest at in?
Copper Queen hotel.
ON COURT BUSINESS.
Attorney A. I. McKelligan was
Tombstone yesterday on business
lure the superior courU.
IS IMPROVING.
Tha many friends of Mrs. M. Tuff
of Warren, will he pleased to leai.ij
that she is rapidly recovering from an
attack of pneumonia.
RETURNED TO TOMBSTONE.
A. M. Morris returned to his post
of duty at Tombstone yesterday after
spending Sunday here on a visit to
friends.
WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
J. F. Wright of the Moose hotel, was
in rnmhstone vesterday on business
connected with the estate of his- 1;
wife.
te
BEEN DISCONTINUED.
The canvas for the linen shower for j
France has been discontinued. The lo
cal chapter has made other arrange
ments for filling its quota.
ON BUSINESS.
J Sparks, representative of the lo
.i I. mil nf the Standard Oil com
pany, was in Tombstone and Fair-1
banks yesterday in the interests or,
that concern. I
VISITING DAUGHTER.
Mrs. D. M. Mathews of this city, is
...!.-.. o fan- upeks in Ajo on a
iC,t tn her daughter. Mrs
Pat Sa-
than. Mrs. Nathan is just recov
from an attack of influenza.
ering I
AFTER SECOND PAPERS.
Several residents of the Warren dis
trict were in Tombstone yesterday to
appear before Clerk of the Superior
Court J E. James on matters concern-
lii'
per
the securing
of tneir seconu r-
BABY GIRL ARRIVES.
Mrs G H. Hoffman of Cananea, is
the recipient of a bright baby girl
that arrived in the storm of Sunday.
The little one made its appearance at
the Copper Queen hospital. Mother
and daughter are both doing nicely.
NO MEMORIAL SERVICE.
Owing to the quarantine the Disbee
v., C71 R P. O. E.. will not hold
.....rom-inl services that it had j
Blamed for next Sunday, December 1.
Shr.uld the quarantine be lifted soon
there after the services will be held
and of which due notice w ill be given.
I I WITH FLU.
According to advices receiveu ueir (
from Tombstone Carmen Giragi. editor
of the Tombstone Prospector, is con
lined to his home with a slight attack
of the infinenza. His many friends in
the Warren district hope that he will
soon be able to be about.
SECURES CONTRACT.
H M. Eckerman of Tombstone, was
awarded the contract for the bridge,
dips and culverts on the Benson
Tombstone road from St. David to
to survey and take soundings and pre
to survey and take sounding sand pre
pare plans for a bridge crossing Sil
ver creek, by the highway commis
sion. UNDELIVERED MESSAGES.
There are undelivired telegrams at.
the Western Union office for the fol
lowing named persons: C. M. Jones,
Sra Rosa Carrilo. Manuel Botello, Mrs.
S. P. Moreca, Mrs. J. K. Nations,
Marguerite L-oya, B. J. Tolly. A. L.
Uutcavit h. Teres A. Limon, Ann Holli
day. Bob Fur.
DIES OF PNEUMONIA.
The many friends of Sgt. Charles
Ryan in 'the Warren district, will re
gret to learn of his death of pneu
monia which occurred in France on
October 2Sth. Sergeant Ryan was
with the First Arizona with Company
t. ...i.nvl it n.ae oiatinnprt nt Nncn and I
rv r in aj fu ... . 1 ...... .
-. . ... : V. .' fgmn k'oarnv nnri WAS ' (
went it uu 11. iv, v. ..... . . . u . j 1
.... - . 1 . 1 !
with it wnen 11 oecanie uiu ijoiu iu-
m . T T lnA. t wn n n f nrmr in
ine 1 nirxieiu mwiuij uu cui
1 .smMllsmiMsMMiilsMisTsM
PAY CASH
BUY THE BEST
HILLS BROS' Vacuum Packed
1 lb. Red
2 lb. Red
J. B. ANGIUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-161 09
, :
seas on the MOth of April. He was in
several of the great battles in which
the United States troops were en
gaged -and escaped without a wound
only to become a victim to the dis
ease. He was l'J years of age and
leaves a mother and two brothers who
are at present in Kansas City anil a
father who is now in the shipyards in
California.
LEFT FOR PHOENIX.
Mrs. Win. Burrows of Warren. U-it
o ...... A.r nn.rniM. fnr Phruiniv In visit
Odluiua iiii.j in.ifK .v. . ..... .....
her mother, Mrs. J. R. Combs, who j
Wiis former. y a resident of tnis dis
trict. Mrs. r.urrows will probably re
main in Phoe.iix until the return of
her husband, who is now in the serv
ice of the navy but expects to be home
befcre many months.
SHOULD BE CAREFUL.
Persons driving over the giauc in i
autos while the snow is on the ground !
should take every precaution and have
. their "wheels. The uround ;
is slippery and several serious acci- district of influenza to a large ex
rients wure narrowlv averted on Sun-1 tent, though he was unable to state
dav by machines sliding and nearly
iroinsr over the bank. In fact one ma
chine did go over the bank but the oc
cupants escaped without injury but
the car was badly wrecked.
STILL AT IT.
The work of transferring the liquor
at the Douglas city jail from bottles to
barrels is still in progress under the
direction of United States Deputy
Marshal Hudson, assisted by Cecil Ad
ams and several boys. Filled barrels
have been strung along the hallway at
the city hall. Pine Hrothers, junk deal
ers, have bought the empty bottles
and corks but say the sale for them is
doubtful unless some of the distiller
ies back east will buy. Empty whisky
bottles are being used in some places
for bluing now.
OFFICIAL NOTICE.
! The Arizona State Council of De-
fense has been advised by the war
industries uoaru mm an irmu,.....,,
restrictions on uuituing projects umc
been removed. mis oruer weni
effect on November 21 and from that
time, all building operations of w hat
ever' character may proceed without
permits, either from the war indus
tri s board or the state council of de
feme. Under this ruling it will not be
nc essary for any person to apply to
ei'.ner the county council of defense
of the state council for a permit to
build and all rules and regulations
made by the war Industries board
governing construction are rescinded
and annulled.
COUNTY AGENT'S REPORT.
The report of fruit and vegetables
saved in Cochise county from May to
November has been compiled by Mus
Louise Sporleder, the county demon
stration agent. It is not complete as
a number of communities did not re
port. On a whole women were rather
negligent about turning in reports of
their canning, in spite of the fact that
the government is most anxious to re
ceive as full a report as possible.
r.'umber ats. fruit saved 16.409
xumDer qts. vegetables saveo
7.084
120
:7
42G
1.422
230
121
Number qta, meat saved . .
Number qts. soup saved
Number qts dried fruit" saved..
Number lbs. dried fruit saved .
Number qts. of spoilage
Number women who canned . .
GREAT LAKES TEAM
CHALLENGES WORLD
CHICAGO, Nov. 23. To decide the
1918 national, gridiron championship
of the United States challenge was to
night made by the undefeated Naval
Auxiliary Reserve school team of Chi
cago, to any university, army or navy
service eleven in the country.
At the same time a special chal
lenge was issued to the Pittsburg uni
versity team for a game on December
14 to be played either 111 Chicago or
Pittsburg. The naval reserve string of
victories this season include Knox coI -
lege. Northwestern, Chicago. Illinois,
Camp Dodge. Minnesota and the
Cleveland naval reserves.
The team will meet Camp Grant on
Saturday and is scheduled to play
Great Lakes en December 7.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
' MMbWbSbTMMbTsTb'
-PAY LESS j
Can . 39c
Can . 78c
il
CONDITIONS NOW ARE
IMPROVED BELIEF OF
COUNTY PHYSICIAN
THERE HAS BEEN DECREASE IN ;
INFLUENZA EPIDEMIC SINCE 1
ENFORCEMENT OF RIGID QUAR
ANTIM E HERE, DESPITE VERY '
DAD WEATHER !
Health conditions in the Wanva
Hstrict show betterment, though in!
what ratio he whs unable to state off-!
ra.icl. is the opinion of Mr. t. 11. Hunt, I
county health officer. Strict enforce-'
i.ient of the quarantine regulations
v.ilf. in hi belief, ultimately rid the!
en the approximate time of the
probable raising of the quarantine.
rnysiciauB have been called upon
to do such a great mass of work they
have been unable to report all cases
of influenza to my office with regu
larity and I am unable to say just
what decrease in the number of cases
reported there has been." said Dr.
Hrown. "1 know, however, there has
teen a decrease.
"As a result of the damp, cold
weather, there has been an increase
ia the number of cases of bad colds
coming under observation by the doc
tors of the district. That is. to be ex
pected." Dr. Hunt called attention to a pecu
liar phase of the present situation in;
the influenza epidemic. The greater!
part of the new cases being reported
are in home where one or more cases j
preiously have been reported. This'
apparently proves the theory ofj
transmissability of the disease by :
contact. j
Dr. Hunt has been notified officially 1
from Douglas of the reinstatement of'
quarantine measures there during the j
latter part of last week after several!
days of f: i edom of association by the I
populace. This resulted in such an :
increase in the number of cases that I
at a public meeting it was decided to!
re-establish the quarantine.
OIL
P fl M P5 Y H Ffl fl
U l) it! frill I IlLnUU
TUXPAM STAR COMPANY AL -
LEGED TO HAVE RECEIVED MIL-
LIONS FROM
NVE5TING PUBLIC
ON STRENGTH OF
FUL ADVERTISING
UNTRUTH -
(I!y Review l-easi-d Wirn
NEW OrtK. Nov. 26 A conspiracy
to use the mails to defraud Investors
of mil lions of dollars through the sale
of stock of the Tuxpam Star Oil cor -
poration is alleged by the government
in a complaint on which Louis Rou -
mantnac. head of the company. John
J. Bryant, a director, and Henry Kalb,!the hour at whk.h it will arrive
.a broker, were arraigned before a Lol-j,vlij a8sure tnose waiting on the west-
ted btates commissioner today alter ; bo;nu, train or tho arriva, of the east.
their arrest here. , )mn(j train, a warm waiting room un-
Charles M. Dellale, at one time til they have accomplished their busi
treasurer and chairman of the finance uess at the dejiot.
committee of the Tuxpam corporation The new ruling of the El Paso &
was arrested late this afternoon on a j Southwestern system was announced
charge of participating in the sale of j by Mr. King after he had visited the
fraudulent stoick. His bond was fixed j Warren district commercial club,
at J2500 and he was released in the which organization had taken up with
custody of his counsel until Monday j him the desirability of keeping open
morning. the waiting room pending the arrival
The Tuxpam corporation, according
to information secured by the gov-
: eminent, was orgrnized under the
law8 ot Delaware with a capital stock
jnf $1,000,000. This later was increased
t0 2.000.000 then to $5,000,000 and
finally to $20,000,000. The entire stock.
it was t;aid, was disposed of to in-1
vestors in Philadelphia, Chicago and I
other cities.
E. J. Schablitz. a chemical engineer, '
who Investigated the property of the ;
company is said to have told the auth
orities that pictures of oil wells used j
in . the Tuxpam corporation's litera-!
ture, were those of wells owned by 1
other oil companies.
MAY GET A ILACE
IN GERMAN CABINET
Malhias KrzberiBcr.
Dr. Matrons I -.! tl' ". li
ler
the Centrist par;.- in (,:tswv, i.i
mentioned as a l.l.i-ly m .:'. er of the
new i:?ri:ian caiiin-jt.- K is noted
for h.. I.licial views. I'.rzberjrer
heauc i il.a Ciern.an a:... itk-s dclt-Bation.
f . : 'Arsfl
MAY BE SECRETARY
PEACE COMMISSION
' Vt
m
; V S .. ...... '. 4
James Brown ScotL
James Brown Scott, formerly so
licitor of the department of state at
Washington and at present secretary
of the Carnegie endowment for uni
versal peace and also a participant
in rh Inst conference at The llairue.
i is prominently mentioned for the
post of secretary to ine commission,
thatrtrill represent America at the
peace conference. He is known as an
authority on international la.5
E. P. & S. W. EXTENDS
COURTESY TO PEOPLE
OF WARREN DISTRICT
. B. KING, DIVISION SUPERIN
TENDENT, ANNOUNCES DEPOT
TO REMAIN OPEN NIGHTLY UN
TIL EASTERN TRAIN ARRIVES;
COMMERCIAL CLUB MOVE
Thmuf;n the curte8 f tne ki pas i
& Southwestern system, the-depot at j
, UUllI lilt? UI1I1U1 IltlU Ul IUC 11I1U- j
! night train. This arrangement was
! announced yesterday afternoon by F. I
1
! B. King, division superintendent.
of!
Douglas, who came to Bisbee to in- j
: vestigate the need of this measure.
! i the nast it has been the custom!
or the railroad to close the depot at!
t .n... ...11...... r ...t...V.AV ,1... i
jtMjn.whit.h meeU j Qn tfce mafn
! line and is due here at 11:50 o'clock.
j has arrived. When the train was late, j
' those who wished to make connetc-1
I ions going west at Osborn and others j
! who were waiting for friends or rela-1
itivea nn fh tr.iin friini tho east were!
( forct d to finU some tner pa(.e tnan
1 ,jle waitjU room
j Ul)Qer t"ne new pau of 0peration
. the nilTOAA system is extending the
courtesie8 of the ,epot t0 residents
of tne aistrict unlil the train from the
!.., hna .., ruw roe'psa f
iOf all trains. Mr. King spent yester
day afternoon in Bisbee, returning
last night to his headquarters in Doug
las. NEW CABINET OF
BUT 10 ELEMENTS
PILSUDSKI FORMS BODY INCLUD
ING SOCIAL DEMOCRATS AND
MEMBERS OF PEASANTS'
LEAGUE; PEDEREWSKI CAR
RIES POWER OF ATTORNEY
I (By Rf-iew liuwtl Wire!
AMSTERDAM, Nov. 25. The uew
I Polish cabinet set up by General Pil
j sudski. who will assume the portfolio
J of minister of war, according to a
Warsaw dispatch, consists principally
of social democrats and members of
the peasants' league. Andreas Mora-
czewski, the socialist leader in Ga
ji'cia and a former member of the
i Austrian lower house, is premier. The
foreign minister is Leon WasilewskI,
Ifotmerly on the staff of a Ixindon
newspaper. Three portfolios are re
served for Prussian Poland.
CARRIES POWER OF ATTORNEY.
-NEW YORK. Nov. 25 Possessed
i of power of attorney to act on be
: half of the various Polish eonimit
j tcps In tho I'nited States, Ignace Jan
Paderewski sailed today for Europe
j to further the interests' of his com
I patriots in the pending political de
velopments.
In Paris, the noted pianist plans to
conl.-r with the Polish national com
mittee, which has been recognized by
the allies, and will visit London and
Koine and perhaps represent Poland
during the peace conference.
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
BROTHERS BURIED
TOGETHER MONDAY
IN DOUBLE FUNERAL
! LAWRENCE AND BERT CRANE
I
LAID AT REST HERE YESTER
DAY AFTERNOON AFTER SUC
CUMBING TO INFLUENZA
PLAGUE AT HOME RANCH
A double funeral service for two
( Il known ami respected young men ;
of Cochise county took place here yes-!
terday afternoon at tne Heliness ,
I'ntiertakin? enmpanv's chapel, when '
Lawrence Ciane. J'.-'cl l.'t. mid his
brother, Ilert. aueil 2 ',. were laid :it ;
'lest in Evergreen "emi-tory. !
T!.e yji.i.ger brnthe - died last Fri-j
ray and the body w:im l.rou;lit here.:
! efore I'u.'ieral arrans-.r-tnt nt-- coutli
ue computed, the IiPt brother si c
r'.mibcd Sunday morning. Kev. Mr.
Guzman conducted the service. t
The two young men were sons of;
Peter Crane, formerly one of
the
wealthiest cattlemen in Arizona, but
hn lo-t a b'.te fortune in the noted i
('rision wM.-h gave ownership of tho j
I'abacoa.arl girnt to Mrs. Phoebe j
Hearst. The family now reside on a
ranch six miles west of Ilisbee. overi
the divide. The father and four broth- j
ers survive. One son is in Franr-e '
j with the United States army, while
another is in Russia, also with the
j army. Two other brothers, Luther
I and William, are living with their
father.
PLANS TO REACH
POLE BY AIRPLANE
si
? -
7 - a' ..
Capt. Robert A. Bart'.ett..
An airplane flight to the North
Pole is planned by Capt. Robert A.
Bartlctt, now an officer in the U. S.
navy. Bartlett accompanied Admiral
Perry on his famous trip. The cap
tain plans to start next July. He
believes he can leave Etah in his
airplane, and fly the 700 miles to
t'K'tpole in six hours, land for brief
observations and then fly to Cupe
rpoluskin. .mother 70e-:uil wia.
t t
i
Gas Fired Water
Bisbee
BISBEE BOYS NOW i
ON GERMAN SOIL 1
The SHth division containing a
number of our Arizona hoys and from
Cochise county, is included in the
third army which is now inarching
into Germany. It is a proud day for
the Arizona boys. The orders to this
army were for every soldier to be a
gentleman, to keep inviolate the prop
erty and the lives of the people of
Germany, to not fraternize with the
Hermans in any way. but attend
strictly to their own duties.
What a difference to the order of
the Mai Hohenzollern to his sol
diers, namely, to be so frightful that
the German soldiers would be re
membered with teiror for a thou
sand years and to in every way outdo
the fierce Huns of a thousand years
ago.
Today the German soldiers are
beaten and hurrying back to Ger-:
many. w.. .
I tion from Germany like rats scamper
ing from a sinking ship.
MEXICAN MONTE GAME
RAIDED BY POLICE
"I take the pot." said Hernandez
Romez.
"You're wrong; I'll take it myself."
said Patrolman Tex Harton of the city
police force. '
j "Just count me in on that, too."
j added Patrolman ' Hill" S'aerrill as he
I entered the door of a room in the old
! Alpha house, in Dubachner canyon
1 last night about 8 o'clock,
j "Carramba" (or word3 to that ef
i feet), re-echoed as nine sons ot tha
j land of Anahuca roso from the table
j around which they had been seated
I playing an interesting game or monte.
j The nine men at first gave their
j names as Jesus Cruz but later all were
docketed under what they claimed to
j be their rightful monikers. The al
I leged keeper of the game who gave
i his name as Francisco Garcia, put up
a Dona ot Jiuu. ine oiner eignt gave
bond in the sum of $10 each for ap
pearance in city court this morning at
10 o'clock when Judge Hogan, repre
senting the high and low justice in
Bisbee will pass upon their cases.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE REVIEW.
BETTER
B1EAD
Follows the use of
Crescent
Baking
Powder
No danger of
mixture failing
the
to
raise, and less bak
ing powder is re
quired. All grocers sell it.
Crescent, 2."c a I-l)
CRESCENT MFG. CO.
Seattle, Wash.
tm
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store arid ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
NUGENT IS CHOSEN
HOI SC. Ida.. Nov. Official can
ass of the Idaho vote on November
, confirm." the re-election of Senator
I Jchn F. Nugent, democrat. Senator
i Nugent leads by 970 votes oot of a to-
tal vote of 95,964. Frank D. Gooding
bis opponent,' unofficially conceded
N'L'gert's election some days ago.
Business Locals
CARD OF THANKS
We wish to thank our friends and
neighbors, especially his workmates
from the Gardner shaft, for their kind
ness and sympathy and beautiful flor
al offerings to us during the illness,
and death of our dear husband ar.d
father.
MRS. ANN IK MLEOI).
AND SON HARDEST M'LEOD.
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Disbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee.
, Bisbee Anto company. 7:45 a
m.. 1:30
p. m., 7 p. m. Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
Dr. Tlayfalr, Osteopath, 9S Mason
Hill, Mason car atop. Phone Blue 647.
Adv. 231
T. L- Gi'.man sells the New Edison.
"The Phonograph With a Soul."
Painter and Paper Hanging
C I. BRANDT
Box ISO
Phone 456
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerv
Disorders.
Phone 156. Office and resldenc
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street. Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
Chicken Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED C0I5ITY
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
Mrs. Jones Ishen
V71GKREN STUDIO
MAZE EL.DG.
VOrCE BUILDING. TONE PRO
DUCTION AND THE ART
OF SINGING
From the beginning to the highest
Perfection.
Exponent of Garcia's infallible
voice method, which embodies
style, diction; iu French. Italian
and English languages.
FREE VOICE TRIAL
Wednesday and Saturday
For' appointment call green 721
Heater
1 1 'i
j '
1 1 i
jjj
i