M M
TT
WEATHER
i-
T - V t .
f--2 - 5 a n
Arizona: . Wednes.ia;.
ind Thursday, fair
i
'
Slight charu-e in teuiPj
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL 21, NO. 95.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CNTS.
9CQ fT?i.
53
F II L --f . 13 M M 1
i 1. J
: 3
i-i O i t
Li
vb7
Ml?
n n r r
MS i y
wir mi ii.mmim
ibb ffim nr . Pre s a Ri
111 rlaSn&H"- tarm&w
fiftB6
Belgians and British Smash
Prussians For Great Gains;
Airmen Slaughter Enemy,
iBv Review l-asi"l wiift
WITH .THE BKITISH ARMY IN
FRANCE. Oct. 1. (By the Associated
Press.) This wag another day of vie
tories for the fighting British army.
The Belgians also continued their for-
ward movement.
Gains cf the greatest importance :
were made by the Australians between j
Cambiai and St. Quentin, and !t seems j
that they have crossed the canal ev-,
erywhere
Long lines of enemy transports are
fleeing east and northeastward from
this region, as well as other regions.
Tlia on J 1 1 . . 1 1 mi .i fnr flvinp
and the British aviators, w ho had not !
1
been busy for several days again came i
into their own. The planes flew low
over the enemy masses and poured
bullets by tens cf thousands into them.
while at the same time bombers pick
ed massed troops as targets and often
loosed their projectiles on the trans
port columns in full flight, inflicting
terrible damage.
The better visibility also enabled the
..
portions have been ' inflicted on the J"OIIn Uf l,be nch" cf the ilia
Germans, who new- are fighting with enbur ' 3ten! ' direction cf
greatest desperation, realizing that ItZV'X
their Dosition in this entire area is t
more precarious than at any time dur
ing the last four years.
True, there has been a gain the
hardest of close fighting astride and..
In the Hindenburg system; but back
of here there is open country. Pon-i
lines after brisk fighting. The lines ij
are som distance cast ci uervergies.
r-SLieeh, cajjiu.eu uin-e uuu im-ii iui
by a counter attack, hp.s been tnkei: j
again by storm. The
I,
b Australians
of it. makm;; (
smashed well eastward
sure 01 liiainiauiiim ineir gain.
From here the battle line curves
lack northwestward, passing about
1500 yards southwest of Couey, which ;
also has once been reached by the al- i
lied troops but at the present moinent !
is in German hands.
The torch has been applied to Cam
brai and the town is buriug briskly. It
Js evident that the Germans realized
they must get away from this locality
and consequently th?y are burning
Cambrai and other places.' Great ton
gues of flame and billows of smoke
are rising from Cambrai.
BELGIAN VICTORY GROWS
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IN j both sides of Cambrai and in Cham- j
FLANDERS. Oct, 1, (By the Associat- j pagne. hsve been repulsed," says the
ed Press.) The Belgians have pushed German official communication issued
beyond the shell torn zone of mud and ' this evening.
BRITISH FIGHT LIKE DEMONS;
123,000 PRISONERS ARE TAKEN
AND 1400 CANON IN 2 MONTHS
LONDON, Oct. 1 Extremely i
heitfy fighting has been in progress j
throughout the day along the Cambrai-j
St. Quentin sector, according to Field '
Marshal Haig's report tonight. Not-j
withstanding increased German re-,
sistance the British have tained ini-i
portant territory along the greater
part of the line.
During the month of September the
British captured on the western front
66,300 prisoners and 700 guns. Dur
ing the months of Au?ust and Sep
tember the British captured 123,618
prisoners, including 2,783 officers, and
1,400 guns.
The texet of the statement reads:
"The operations continued satisfac
torily today on the St. Quentin-Cam-brai
battle front. On our extreme
right, northeast of Ft. Quentin. we
made considerable advances east
ward on to the high ground east t
Ievergies.
Never Such Men
Says British
(l!y Kevlew Leased Wire)
LONDON, Oct. 1. "Never in this:
war have we seen keener or bravei
ho!dier3 or more intelligent, high
minded men than the two divisions in
the fighting north of St. Quentin," :
writes the official correspond r.t with
the Australian forces in France in de-j
scribing the Ameriran assault on the
Hindenburg line in the direction of
Jonccurt on Sunday.
"Some day, when the full story ot
this battle can be told the American
people will thrill with pride in these
magnificent troops upon whom a tre-
niendous task fell," he continues.!
"They were faced by the most foruiid
'water, and have orrupiej romnarativo-
j ,v (i..y al,j comfortable Tiositions in tho
en'iiiy lines.
j Tle pnriny lost practically the
, whole of hi.s forward artillery and
sollle of his heaviest naval Riin.s. The
Germans fought stoutly inhe Houth-
0st forest but were comuletelv sur
prised by the onrush of the Belgians
through the snaking downpour. The
Germans fell like flies.
MOST FEROCIOUS
FIGHTING OF WAR
BRITISH HEADQUARTERS IN
FRANCE. Oct. 1. (Reuters , -The but-
tin Qiiiin i liiuntin.1 ant 1 r:t i
tie along the St. Quentin-Camarai
front was resumed this morning on a
scale of ferocity unequalled in the
present war. The Germans have
brought up large reserves and are re
sisting and countering with desperate
determination. The Canadians north
of Cambrai are engatd against a:
least eight German divisions, nearly
100.UOO men.
Joncourt was reported (o Lava been
taken with a large part of the Nauroy
I trench system. The Au-strnlians are
' ' 1 . . " """'"c..v"c
den burg line northeast of Bellicourt.
In Flanders, Ledegheia and Rolleg
haia Capelle have been occupied.
----
YAiKS HOLD TO
END AGAINST ODDS
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY
( ON- THK ST qi;kxjix FRONT,
Oct. 1 (i!y the Associated Press).
Somi hundreds cf Americans in a
i.-i;ill 7 feJ U11J 1 VI. v 1 1 UlVl 1.U11 A
certJj,, far advanced position
lW( pfi Cami,ral and St Quen
be-
Quentin,
w!:i. h tiioy reached late Suii(!ay
wire holding out valiantly against
superior enemy numbers, according
to latest reporls which were re
reived yesterday. The Australians
mad heroic attempts to assist them
and so far as can be learned still
are kt eping up these efforts, the re
sult of which is net known. Furi
ous fighting continues here.
STILL "REPULSING" !
THEM, SAYS BERLIN
(By Review Leased Wire) '
KKHI.IV vii London. Oct 1 'ViEr- i
nrns on-v allA.-'ts in Flanr1er fin I
"Further north we gained a footing
in Joncourt, stormed th? defenses of
the village of EstreeR and cleared the
enemy from the high ground soutli of
le( atelet.
"In the center, fighting of a severe
nature is taking place in the villages
of Crcvccoeur and Rumilly and on tho
iisi:ig ground north and east of these
places.
"On the left between CaCmhrai and
the River Sensee our troops have been
severely q engaged throughout the
morning in attack and counter attack
with frpsh hostile forces brought up to
the battle field. Notwithstanding we
"ade rirogres east of Tilloy and in
the neighborhood of Blecourt.
"During the four days fighting from
Sept. 27 on the St. Quantin-Cambrai
battle front we engaged and defeatej
with heavy losses thirty-six German
divisions (approximately 432.000 men)
in This Var
.99
of Yank Fighters
able task that could be imposed upon
them the breaking of two double sys
tems of the greatest defense line the
Germrn n;pire ever constructed. On
the left there was some uncertainty
regarding the situation and this in
creaserl the difficulty of their work,
yet tluse troops, working under the
enthusiasm of their hith ideals car
ried through their assault, penetra
deeper even than had been Intended
and delivered a blow which attract
the greater p.nt of the enemy's re
slslance. Beyond all quest ion they
tiKide it possible to break the great
defenisve line in a position of the
utmost importance to allied cause."
WWm DEFEATED BY I DIES Off; j
4 tM TWCWES1 CANNOTRALLYi
VI ' . ' ;n i i
B
V:'
V
. . v.
Gen. Franchet d' Eipe'rey, commander
allied forces in Balkans, whose gen
ius and daring chievid one cf mcst
vitil victories of great war.
i uiy umw mu.
I REPORTED IN
vaatini mk i though in the firal debate some sen-,
I C tL f 1 FIr : ators as3erletl tfcat defeat of the reso
I 1 51 S f ft? ! luticp would mean repudiation of the'
1 I Iti l B 'itat lH xft-ut:ve. Including the absent ar.d
0Et UlaUIAHV paired senators, thtu rr,!! c?ll showed :
I that the senate line-un of sixty-two to i
Greater at This Stage Than in
Any Loan Drive Before
Iowa First State Over Top
Oregon Near Quota
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1. Subscrip
tions to the fii'rlh Liberty loan have
been more numerous and lar; er th:.n
ut this stage ot any previous loan cam- :
paign. This was indicated today in
telegrams received frcm all sections of '
the country. Actual totals in thi: cam-1
paign to raise $6,000,000,otiu m throe
weeks were not available, but treasury
oilicials be.'ieved that a icpo:t could !
oe ouiaiueu iium eveij lilLI:l:l. u; j.aru. siiiiiii ui i i.miii. i i......
tomorrow night 'Thompson. Vardaman and Walsh.
"From the reports now at hand," I Tenty-si..
said a statement issued at lon head-J Republicans Caldi?r, Colt, Cuni
quarters tonight, "it can safely be us- mins, Curtis, Fernald. France, Coff,
serted that sales are moving much j C.ronna. Jones cf Washington, Kel
fater ia the early days of this cam-1 logg. Kenyo:i, LaFol.eite. Lenrooi, .ic
paign than they did during the third I Cumber. McNary. Neiron. New, Norris.
Liberty loan drive." ! Pae. Poindexler, Smith or Mii '.-.igan.
The Pacific coast had sold JjO.OkO,- Smoot, Stirling, Sutherland. Towns
000 of bonds at the close of business j end. Wairen and Watson. Twetity-
last night, reports from San Francisco
said. Subscriptions in Hawaii 011 the
opening day were $3,461,000.
Repoits received today sail Oregon
was near its quota. The treasury was
officially informed that iowa had over-
subscribed its quota by more than a !
million dollars. Kansas City, Kas., '.
(Continued on Pago Two)
Yanks and
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY
NORTHWEST OF VEKIH N, Oct. 1.
(By the Associated Press.) The en
emy is organizing an increasingly bit
ter defense, utilizing every available
means to hold back the America.i
tioops. Noiih and northeast of Clerges
sli 1 1 boles have been f.irtiiied fur a
distance of nearly a mile. On the left
a new enemy division has been thrown
into tl;e Minting and a he.ivy counter
attack followed its appearance, which
could not be checked for several hours.
When the check did come, it was
disastrous fer the enemy, for he bad
puslic.l forward this divbion further
than these adjoining and It was oon
enfiladed.
Several counter attacks were nipped
in tii bud by the daring of Anieri' i.n
soldiers. ie observer, though b'idly
wounded, managed to report it,.- mass
President's Appeal by Voice
&T.1 LtLter to Break1
Opposition Will Try;
ft
.Again
ii:y i.-vi -w
WASHINGTON
Oct. 1. The senate
! today rviused to grant tha request of i
the preido.u that the woman suffrage)
I refcluii.in be jiassed as a war :nea-1
j sure. j
I Alter five days of bitter debate, cor-1
j i'idor confeiences and cloak room ne-j
goliations. the Susan B. Anthony fed
teral arr.endiueiil resolution enacted by
I the house iat January received on the j
! final roll ciil two vote less than the j
Uieces"2iy two-thirds majority. Pirty- j
1 four senntois were recorded for it and j
.thirty against it, with twelve abs-ent :
; and paired.
i Before the vote was announced. Si n -
ator Jones of New Mexico, chairman
of the woman suffrage committee, to
i ccir.ply with pai liamentiry requlrc
i mei'.ts, changed his vote from the ai
' lirmative to the negative pnd moved
i that the senate reconsider. This made
i the final official tecord fifty-three to
thiilv-one and left t'.; resolution tech
nically pending on the rmiate calendar
in po.iiiiin for lurthjr tonsi leiatit.n
planned after the .Yovi.nb'-r eleiii'-rp
wlti-p Biiifr-g'! ivrcf.
iiope to
i f VO'L'.i.
l!.lS'
r. t
the requisite number
! President Wrote Lciier. Tjc ;
, rresiiient W.lbon's peiso!:;-.l 'diirs:;
j to .tho rsnator.-? ;vsU!iday :;ti;: 'einent-1
' ed by letters tj lay to . veial 1fi::. -I
', craiic senators opposed to the rcs-iu-
' tion did not change a single vote, a:-1
thirty-four on the resolution reuiain?:!
virtually unchanged from the b-f;.:in-ning
ot the tight last Thursday.
Chairmsu Jones and otaei cum:
pion:; of the resolution (iecUr.d alter
trtrtriv'u vnir. thul Ihe (I 'feril is (imv I
temporary ana m;u me co.uc.ii '.ui
be renewed after the Ncvemlx-r elec
tions 'when changes in meini)ershii
are certain. Administration leaders
also admitted that the vote was the
first important reverse 1'resident
Wilson has met in advocacy of what
he has declared to be essential v. ;:r
measures.
Democrats for:
As'juist, Chamberlain. Culberson,
deny, Gore, Henderson. Johnson ot
rumwi iuid, iv....... ... t
McKeUar. Martin of Kentucky Myers. ;
Nagent, Owe.i. Phelun. Pittman. ;
uansuen. itoiiiiisoii. onuiiiuiu. o.n.p-j
seven.
Total fir. fifty-three.
Democrats: Against Bankhead,
fcenef, Fletcher. Guion, Hardwick,
Hitchcock, Jones of New Mexico. Mar
tin of Virginia. Ovei.nan, Poinerene,
Kt-ed. Salisbury. Shields. Siiiiinons,
Smith of Georgia, Smith of Maryland.
(Continued on Paeo Two)
Huns in Death Grapple
ing of Germans in 'preparation for
an unexpected pttack in time for the
American artillery to co vr the enemy
and break up his consolidations.
!i another c.e r.n aviator fiving
low over the Argonne forest first
drove off a reronnoitering Genua. 1
plane, then with his machine gun dis
pc.s'd two platoons getting ready ro
i.ttm k.
One American battalion alone has
used more than twent- of its caplni e I
runs iigunist the enemy as ammtini
:!( was captured along with the but
teries. These included two Russian
li': millimeter M"ts, which were used
effectively.
F'ind Struggle in Argonne.
Wlfll Til E AMERICAN ARMY
NORTHWEST OF VERPl'N, Oct. 1
(I'u titer'b). In the Argonne forest
there lias been a strange blind strug-
f. 5
immo
AH the German Reserves Fail
to Gain Even Respite
FrenLh Fighting With Mar
velous Power and Success
i-.i'.NCH HEADQUARTERS IN
i ilANCH. Oft. 1 (By the Associate.! j
I'rf 3.)--Kcur battles row are in prog-j
;e.-s from Flanders to the Meuse. They '.
:ovi.r a total front of 100 miles anl i
;c. ury tiie Germans so fully that they (
liave bea obliged to give up the ben- i
tlits derived from shortening tlieir j
lines, if the hypjthesis is true thut I
.JiC.-- did so in ordvi ro obtain reserves
vldi which tj constitute a maneuvt-r-.
:.iji force.
insttaJ of e:;iploy::ig those reserves
' "i an eirort to regain the initiative in
1 cti'tdi:: pooitio:rs, they have boon
! fifc-istd to c.i'A u;n:i them to reitn ; o
Ufce tr.-.ops in lir ; i-t points suects ,ivj-
.y thre-ti n d and to n-placu depicted
divisions. ;
T!ie sKcci's ; of Mu.-.hal Fo h's tac J
tics it is pointed out. is not alon1 in
the l:ber;:lion of villages ami towns'
;:ad -priscnorf and cannni: captured,
tut 24 lir t de.ti-iving the OerniarM of
ihf:r Mi.ei ty ;? ac'ioii, t!.o i r"i;eiririi
ti-.i -.i t-i d:.-p -r.,e th"ir re r e , 31 that
were how ht-re ; . to co.ii en-
t. .; e lh- liK.sse.'i nei ess i' to m lin-'
t'.-eir ii.s:iioi's, including even the!
redo .tb'.uble Hindenburg i::e.
'; ee .;e:at:Vi!s that f.av acorn p'ish
c.l tii -so rcsiilts still are in full dovel-'
;.n.ci:t ::;iJ n is at rresent pieniuture
to draw lina! conclusions Uo'.n -them ,
.s tin v n.a.- eater a new phase at any
'ti'"o. What th'y appear to have made I
i most clear is that the offensive powct J
j.i i!,.: tuni-iii foie.s riai bt en neu-'
' tralized; that tien 111 counter atta ks
jsu.h iie il:c:e ir Ciiaiiipngir-', where
I a:; many a ten lr.-oli divisions wee
I i.ii'iiuri.'ii n Si i .ilone, t.iv-y are
j ::oa',:,,2!e ot u g;:;i:i.u, the i;n;er ha::d.
I I'.iiizin-; :i ine v.'-ii'.s at their dis
i jiosal mid v.it 1 a'.! a'-iilable reinfon e-
n.eiTs ihy have been una'ile to hold
1 of linir strongest positions
; hicii tl'.e a;.ies attacked with superb'
iai.l. r. in spite m" the fati-.ue of uift.
ouil " i-' lit in 1 f.,r di.j f. togtrner
I Oi:e of the best examples of the fine 1
spirit of endurance displayed by the
! 'tench troop:; was ghen on the
; heights north of Fontiiine-En-I'o:"moisd
in Ci::i;;ipagne. a position doniinat'ng
. tiie rlry 01 tli0 River Alin and the
railroad from Challerange to Somme
1 By. A battle was engaged around the
j ru::is oi the signal of Iielievue at the
sl!1Iill!;t n!l rsge.i all dav. Tha ruins
werc Vlk a1(, ret:lke,, VPra, Ulnes.
Th(, Conu., reBervi wero used us
. ., tif,v rriv
'd. Finally Gour-
land's men r-ririncd in solid posses
1 sion of the heights from which they
pus. 1 it 0:1 again towi'.rd Challerange
1 ;! -'o. tiiois. continuing the combat
at ev. ry step with undiminished ardor.
"rinc:i Take C Quentin.
I'K KNCH HE.IHl'ARTKRS IN
FRANCE, Oct. 1. (By the Associated
Press. :l 1.. m ) -The Kremh entered,
St. (Juen'in this afternoon.
Vie . nt -x j.losior.s were observe I in
St. Quentin, beginning rt 6 o'clock 1
this nior:ii.:a. General Deiciy's fores. '
op. r. tii:g with t"ie British to the north,
of ihe town, advanced be.'oud tiio
St. Qiientin-Catnbrai road Between'
I'rv'llers and Cerizy the French are
meeting much stronger resistance bv !
111:1. hlne' g in nests, but everywhere
.Continued on Pagn Two)
; - '. in the very thickest part of the
. wooded bastion, where the under
giov.t 1 is so d .use that opposing pla
l on 1 tillered through each other
.without being nwar,. of it. The Ger
mans several time 4 ut li::ed lV se mis
i:i!:es hv turr.iiig m i 1 ie guns on men
win h.'.d pa-isr 1 tliem, but Ameriran
sappers cleaning u; behind the
i't.i e. scon put a stop to this by
'!"V?l!0,; ,, ((,( p.),. ..y cii.iriTi
On the Amerlcar eft riming the
'advance the American wer: fared by
't-,.'i :,'1:h-, erne ;i' :'-i. which del u I
the ni lor two d.'vr- i.re t'i: ?r er
'part of Ihe fithli'ig w;s a.-ros.- i'-,"
i moui'- of the vill'v up which run
the high r :td to Dun on the Metiie
The Ameririrv; wete confron'ed by a
. ij. r i a'i ilii islon. wl 'i h ii'til b"e:i rest
(Coi tlnoed en Vagv Five)
"V ?-!
BATTLE W SM
ILES III
GERMANS
mQQ M
mil
ONE
AND 81. mm i VAIN EFFORT
TO STAY BRITISH AND AMERICANS
HAROEST FIGHTING HERE OUBIG ENTIRE WAR
Americans Tight to Lest Man in One Place In Ar.cllier One
Band of Heroes Still Hcli Out French Score Brilliant Tri
umph in Lorraine British
itct C2iri;ri in Flarr.es
A.-tcr isKinj Proportions .
"'AR LEAD.
T'h
e icvn
firmly buili'ed their hopes of proving an insuperable barrier to
the r.3'ics, at laf ha been entered by the French and ?e:n:in2:v
the gateway is open to Marshal Fcch for a swift auvar.ee east
ward in his task of reclaiming northern France.
Meanwhile the Germans and their alliej on the battle
fronts have continued to play a losing gr.me end it is reported
that the Turks, realizing the critical situation through succes
sive defeats and the withdrawal cf Bulgaria from tha war e.n
sencins: out
e feel
peac
ers.
From northern Belgium to the region of Verdun the bat
tle front is seething with activity and with the entente forces
continuing to make ?in3 ?gainst the Germans which are seri
ously imperilling the enemy lines.
In Flanders the Belgians and British in the region from
Dismude to Arrr.entieres have further driven in their sharp
wedge eastward, capturing important towns and cutting lines
of communication nrcesssiy to the continued ho'ulnv' by the
German? of ;hj ir submarine cares on the North Sa.
Frcm Cambrai to St. Quentin. notwithstanding most vio
lent reactions frcm the Germans, the British. Americans and
French r.3:ain have won heavily fortified positiors all along the
front. Midway between St. Quentin and Cambrai the remain
ing portions of the old HindT.hn.c line are slowly Ung de
molished, ahhough the Germans h.ve imposed 'he strength of
nearly half a million men against the allied troops to hold the
front, the breaking through of which, in conjunction wi'.h the
successful maneuvers in Flanders, along the Aisne and in
Champagne, would mean disaster.
Grip Tig-itens on Argonne Front.
Between the Vesle and Aistir rivers
the French conti iu1 to ba -k the
'.eiiu.ins north of tlie Afsne. while
in ( han.p.iine the. French, operating
in ('unjunciion witn the ineri. ans. ore
..iil udvaneiiu tiorthwar.l. Their
g ii- n".w don ini"-1 the ire river v.l-
:. ruti'iin
ti" fores.
' hile on the other side of
the f ore.it the Americans are sljwly;
c.i:::ing u; the .i:e alley from the
s; nth u;i I ro' n will be in a position
with the French to nip this great
w.;o'Ie! l:ist;o;i out ol the German
Kmc. j
Italian Front Wakincj Up-
In t' e iniemta i: rcgii n f :he Itali m
front there has been a considerable
increase in art'liery ai 'ivi'y and It is
prebibie t h :: t M irsh.il Foch soon will
levin an ef'eosive here against the
Ai'.stro H i::g::r'ai:s.
;cne:.i Allenev in Palestine has
sti"rrir:d'd IVi'nnsc". and French
cavalry Is reported to be working its
wry up the Mcdit-rraneau sea coast
own d Ie rout. i
All'nby Surrounds Damasciv.
Ir. thr Mic.'doni.ii! tha'cr vest of
I.rke Oe'i-rid.i the Austrian are evu--iaing
ter-itory in Alh":;in. probably
i.uIii ii'Jng th?t now Bulg iri.i is out of
he war the A'lsnc Hungarians real
ize the", nr.- in a si-ri""s predi -amen'. '
lar from heme and with no allies to
ai l thet.i.
Peace dem.uv traiions have been'
EL 'Mallq fiy fiM
La y ia W a y a a i" iL?
4 m
LfiyuH nil!
ETWEEN CAi
Si
Aimen Punish Hur.s oa
Toll cf Prisoners Grows
(Dv
the
vssccia
ted
m WHERE
MP!
1 U
Quenii.t, uoon '.vhich tha Germans had
5 3
held hi
j keii'icn
I s-.-.ch
Berlin, in which pol.ie ii.te
becarne tie "sary. Some e
cre committed by the crowd-.
t-"ri"g down statues. Ti
pos-iibiliiv of .1 cat.i:i"t crisis :n G ""
n any is Indii ate hy tlie resi :n itie::
cf t.'ie imperial ch.nic-!l. r. i. e t'.i.ui
ccllor ard fori i-n minister.
Ge-man Losses Enormous,
in Cue rece'it fighting in France an i
Kl ::nii"-s ihe German losses in me.i
killed or wounded ami in guns cup
uiveil b-i'e been enori!i"Us. To the
Belgians the Germans lost vi.'u -'! nil
their f Tward defensive artillery and
iU'MV h'':iy n::v;;l Marv U.p-i
were made ;r:so".eis. naiiog Septem
ber t' e Br'tish took 6i IliMi prisoner-.
TOO guns of hI! calibers and thous.ie.is
'
machine guns. !'! addition to in
f icting
born v casualties on the ei'-
tny. an 1 in August and S.-ptemher tooii
KstjSs prisoners and 1.4 o gnus.
PERSHING TO U. S. COLLEGE MEN
liv It.-view L.-ilse.) Win)
NEW YO'iK. Oct. 1 A cable me-sai-e
from General Pershing wa n-ad
here by Chancellor Brown to Soon stu
dents of New York university who
we inducted into the United Sta'es
army as members of the student'
armv training corps.
"Wishes for success in your plan of
training." the message read. "There
tContinued on Par Two) TWO
j he was more than pleased with the
district and with the many fine people
that he had met so far and that he
I was also susprised to find that the Im
provement company had such an im-
COMES TO THE
to secure adoption of the resolution.
We made a good fight and will win
the next time."
HI MAY FIGHT
TO HOLD BULGARIA
P. 0. ROBBERY
IN AGUA PIMA
FOCH'S GENIUS
DAZES ENEMY;
CANNOT RALLY
IT OF
proved and up-to-date plant.
Welcome to our city and may your
gocd impressions continue to improve
with your residence here.
ii
II
I
ROV MOT CO
H. B. Johnson, of Alabama,
Arirves to Take Place Made
Vacant by Resignation of
S. C Thompson
H. B. Johnson of Sheffield. Ala., and
hi. Hf tp roroni arrivals in the I
i it and are at nresent stODDlne at
the Copper Queen hotel, pending their ' and Frelinghuysen of New Jersey, re
socuring a house in the Warren dis-! publicans; Borah of Idaho, republican,
trict. That is not all, thev are here ; against, with Fall of New Mexico, and
to stay and become members of the Harding of Ohio, republicans; Knox
Warren district family. ! f Pennsylvania, republican, against,
Mr. johnson comes to take charge as wth Johnson of California, and Sher
manager of the Bisbee Improvement nian of Illinois, republicans; Swanson
company's plant, and to fill the posi-'of Virginia, democrat, against, with
ticn recently made vacant by the res-, Wilfley of Misouri and King of Utah,
' ignatlon of Mr. C. S. Thompson, who ' democrats. .
is to become cashier of the Bank of ' The vote today came just beiore 4
Bisbee, mention of which was made in o'clock after one of the most bitter
The Review a few days ago.
Mr. Johnson comes to the Warren
district with an experience In the line ter charges, of responsibility for the
of work that he is to be engaged In . result were hurled back and forth,
that few men obtain. For the Pt ; "ltn partisan politics again an issue,
nine years he has been general man- In a last effort to win over demo
oger of the Sheffield, company at Shef-j crats opposing the measure. President
. field, Ala., who ran the lnterurban j Wilson today sent personal letters to
electric lines in that part of the state. Senators Overman of North Carolina,
the electric light' and water plants in Shields of Tennessee, Benet of South
that city and which also furnished , Carolina, Martin of Kentucky, and it
car service and elecric power for Flor-: was reported a few others earnestly
once and Tuscumlla, adjoining cities. 1 seeking their support. All efforts to
Before that time he was for fi-e years ; amend the resolution were futile. A
with the Decatur UghL power and j motion by Chairman Jones to table the
Fuel company at Decatur, Ala. I amendment of Senator Williams of
Mr. Johnson and his .wife were ' Mississippi, designed to limit the
agreeably surprised to find such a city franchise to white women, was re
as Bisbee and the enterprise of the ceived sixty-one to twenty-two. The
Warren district. After he had received 1 proposal of Senator Frelinghuysen of
word that the position was open, for New Jersey, to require American citi
him, and he told some of his frienJs j zenship of women voters also was re-
' that he intended to come to Bisbee In . jected, fifty to thirty-three, while an
the state of Arizona, he was told some ' amendment by Senator Fletcher of
of the most amazing tales of the con-; Florida, designed to apply the resq
ditiona and snrrounriineH here. He ! inMnn'a nrnhlhitinn npninst the
was informed that there was no way :
;to get to tne nouses wltn supplies ana l
'(hct everything had to be carried on j
burros, and that it was an awful place l
to live in. He had wired his accept- j
ance of the place and thought his
friend Thompson had survived this (
long that be and his wife would at '
Iran take . chance for a bortwhUe.
Mr. Johnson stated yesterday that
Depen
i p iw -1
; : V
Fall Footwear
OUR USUAL
REASONABLE PRICES.
War times have considerably changed the trend ot
feci wear fashion the fall scajen will sec a decided
tendency toward the more sturdy styies, and we are
rracy with just such styles, in which sturdiness and dc
per debility have b"cn attained without the slightest loss
of grace, is here in different leathers and colors.
-Moderately Priced.
SUFFRAGE IS
DEFEATED BY
. JUST TWO VOTES
(Continued from Pae On)
Smith of South Carolina, Trammell,
Underwood. Williams and Wolcott.
Twenty-one.
Republicans: Baird, Brandeges. Dil
lingham, Drew, Hale, Lodge, McLean,
Penrose, Wads worth and .Weeks. Ten.
Total against, thirty-one.
me loiiowmg senators were pairea.
weckman oi Kentucny, democrat.
against, with Hollis of New Hampshire
and spectacular contests in the sen-
ate in years. Today charges and coun
abridgement of franchise because of
sex to the -federal government only,
was lost sixty-four to seventeen,
y. Again
chairman Jones announced after
,he rol, ca that he wou,d not call
h- , f rc-consideration until
u p08itively. certain of having the
nece8sarv majority. -The defeat is
on t'njrr id he. "The fact
! that we needed only two votes shows
. that the country favor the resolution.
i While I do not believe that the presi-
dent's efforts changed a vote, I am
i clad that he came before the senate
1 and made his position clear. Now it
j cannot be charged that he has not
done and did not do all in nis power
dahle
(Continued from Page One)
have advanced in this region south of
St. Quentin.
East of Rheims General Gouraud,
In addition to taking a large number of
prisoners and guns, has captured great
quantities of booty, including more
than 200 narrow gauge railroad cars.
Additional prisoners were taken Mon
day in the capture of Binarville, in
the Argonne forest, and in the occu
pation of Marvaux and Aure, to the
west.
The Germans appear to have decid
ed to make a stand in tne group en
hil'is northwest of Rheims called the
St. Thierry massif. It is Just west of
the old French line that ran along the
Aisne canal from Berry-Au-Uac to the
region of Rheims. Possession of this
strong position is necessary to the
Germans In order that they may main
tain their present line further east, in
cluding the forts of St Thierry anj
Hrlmont, from which they bombard
Rheims.
Along the Vesle, General Gerthe
lot's forces, notwithstanding the ma
chine gun opposition, advanced beyond
Revillon.
A NEW FRENCH DRIVE
FRENCH HEADQUARTERS IN
FRANCE, Monday, Sept. 30, (10 p. m.,
Reuter's.) On the frcnts of all the
attacking French armies the Germans
are resisting desperately but import
ant progress has been made alcng tne
whole battle front. In its advance on
Revillon, General Berthelot's army has
taken 3000 prisoners. Berthelot's
troops are now holding a long ridge, in
places more than 600 feet in height
and southeast from Revillon to Vente
lay dominate the end of the valley.
WITH THE FRENCH ARMIES IN
FRANCE. Oct. 1, (By the Asseci'ated
Press.) General Berthelot's troops,
widening the front of attack this after
noon made further gains occupying im
portant observation points that give
them views eastward upon the group
of hills northwest of Rheims and
northward toward the Chemin Dim
Dames. Three thousand prisoners were
taken.
GERMANS RESIST DESPERATELY
FRENCH HEADQUARTERS IN
FRANCE, Oct. 1. 4:30 p. m., (Reuters.)
French troops entered St. Quentin
this afternoon.
The battle continues alon the whole
Franco-American front from St. Quen
tin to the Metuse. The liiitisii ou
on the north and the Freucn on the
south have drawn an arc around St.
Quentin well to the rear of the city.
Huge explosions hi the town were
heard early this morning.
ToVvard the Aisne the French havo
made progress beyond Revillon. In ihs
center the Germans aro clinging ob
stinately to the wooded mufcsif of .St.
Thierry, which forms a maii of sirong
positions stretching from Cormicy to
the Vesle, flanking Rheims on the
northwest and enabling tha Germans
to maintain their hold on a semi circle
of strong points around Rheims fn.iu
Fort St. Theirry on the west to tha
trenches fronting Pompelle ou tha
east.
FRENCH OFFICIAL STATEMENT
PARIS, Oct 1. Attacks conducted
by the first army in conjunction with
, the British in the region of St. Quen
' tin, says the war office announcement
tonight, have obtained important re
sults. French troops have penetrated St.
Quentin as far as the canal.
North of the Aisne, Meurival. Ve-nte-lay,
Bouvenccurt and St. Thierry have
been occupied, while north of IJu'Jton
I ville, Autry wood and Vaux Laa ilau
ron have been captuicd.
The statement says:
"Attacks conducted Ly the first
army in conjunction with the British
in the region of St. Quentin yester
day obtained important results. We
have penetrated St. Quentin as f.ir as
the canal. 'I he enemy resists J c'osti.i
ataly. "In this resicn we reached the car.al
between Tronquoy and Rr.uvroy. To
the south we pushed into the Himicn
burg line as far as two kikmet'.-io to
the east of Gauchy.
"We have taken Meuriial. Vt;;ete
lay, Bouvencourt, Trigny, Neroy and
St. Thierry. Two thousand prisoner
have been taken since yesterday to
gether with twenty-one cannon.
"W'c have laken Autry wo ;d ard
Vaux-Les-Mauron, live kilometers
north of Boueon ville.
"We have teacher! the southern
borders of Chalk-range. Many prison
ers were taken in the course cf the
day as well as cannon but it haj not
been possiMe to count them."
"The enemy has been forced to
abandon the plateau between the
Aisne and Rheims and has fallen back
along the whole line. Wc oc:upi.d
Maizy nnd Concevrcux on tho south
bank of the Aisne, whic!i we approach
ed between these two vlllar.es."
BIG BOND SALE
REPORTED FROM
EVERY SECTION
vConf IiiiiiJ from I'Ht '
waj the largo.-t city icporti!: an over
subscription toiay.
The twenty-four war cxhil);. train;
moving through the c iu'.'.ry ;.v ; :v.-:i
much of tho ctilit for th". : r.t'.i'i '.i-.ii
of thi' first d;:y. Th-u.-iirds r.:" tip
ple daily aro passing thioi'uii !h
trains, reports h;;y and rt-.iyinr. atti.r
Iho trains havf to hear t-pri i i:t i.
and cnt'.': their subset p ;:'.. I-';::;.
nun distri; ts today emn rrp:i t , Hint
the throngs were mi f.trvt lii"-y c ou u
not pass thiouUi tho f.ki.i tiiirin:. tin
s'.ay of tht triiu. In Nebraska. Kan
sas and Oklahoma j'jr.'or. s p. s ed
through th exhibit ears at the rate oi
titty a miii it.
New Engl.ind 'Buys Grandly
b'iltccrtptiou: in Nt!-.- Lusluita i";r
the tiibt two days was JOi.Ot'O.inn' of
fIJv Review Ihsc! Wire)
LONDON, Oct 1. Germany, if re
ports from a neutral center can be
relied upon, is going to make a great
effort to maintain communication
over the Orient railway with Turkey,
and thus hopes to keep her eastern
ally in the war. ,
According to a Hague dispatch to
the Central News, 250,000 German and
Austro-IIungarian troops have arrived
at Sofia from Rumania and while part
of these will remain in Sofia as an
argument favoring the overthrow of
the Malinoff government, the majority
will endeavor to keep the allied troops
from the Orjent railway which joins
Germany and Austria with Constanti
nople. The removal of troops from Ru
mania, however, is not without dan
ger. Rumanians are predicting that
if the Rumanian army does not rejoin
the allies, there will be at, least a
rising in that country which will com
pletely nullify the. Bucharest treaty so
far as it provides for the revictualling
cf the central powers.
German papers, too, express sus
picion of the crown council held Sun
day, ostensibly for a discussion of t:ie
crown prince's marriage, but at which
other matters might be discussed. The
presence at this council of ex-Premier
Uratiano who is strikingly for the
allies, is commented upon by the Ger
man press.
which $45,000,000 came from Maaas
chu.setts. In St. Louis district committees
were so busy selling bonds today they
made no reports.
From Dallas tonight came this
word :
. "Depression duo to bad business.
conditions is giving way before a tidal
wave of patriotism and drouth strick
en districts are sending in very en
couraging reports."
"Carry On," the Slogan
The message added that the words
"carry on" have been adopted by the
district as a campaign slogan. The
Richmond and Atlanta districts report
more contributions than could be tabu
later. Negroes throughout the south
are reported to be subscribing
generously.
Admiral Cowie, in charge of the
navy's campaign, said tonight that
approximately .S5,000,000 had been
subscribed by officials and men. One
battleship in European waters has
furnished $113,000 in subscriptions and
another $101,000, Admiral Sims today
cabled. The Mare Island ( California)
navy yard sent in an initial subscrip
tion of $748,000.
GOING GREAT IN MIDDLE WEST
CHICAGO. Oct. 1. Chicago has
bought approximately $22,500,000
worth of the fourth issue of Liberty
bonds, according to official announce
ment tonight. ?
The, campaign is making good pro
gress all through Wisconsin, accord
ing to E. J. Kearney, state director
of sales tor that state..
Illinois reports indicated many cities
have already secured the great part of
their quotas.
The majority of the big cities ia
Michigan outside of Detroit have com
pleted their quotas.
Iowa First Over Top
Eleven counties in Iowa still have
to report but the s..&-.e :s safely over
its quota without these counties, and
the final returns are expected to show
a considerable subscription above the
quota of $147.00,000.
Indiana is hustling for the honor of
second place on the counuy uil of
honor.
NEW YORK THE GIANT OF ALL
Nriw' YORK. Oct. 1. Accountants
of the Liberty loan committee for New
4', ilk federal reserve district, wot king
hard to catch up with the huge volume
of fourth Liberty loan sale-, had taou
hi'ed tonight subscriptions totaling
1 j4.577,4,'iO, cr 5 8 per cent of the dis
trict s quota of $l,S00,iiiin.(Ki0. L'nof
ticial estimates treble this amount.
New York City's official total was
jiK7.ijfil,250. ot 6.57 pT cent cf iti
iUot:i.
Among the larxe subscriptions an
nounced today were $2 ).0oh,i)im) ,y th'.
.Metropolitan Life Insurance company,
7.0'.M),iMji) by the .Metropolitan I rust
company, $j,l;0n,niw by Jhn 1). Rocke-
t 'ili-r. fcj.o "o.iHiii by the Ureal Amer
ican Insurance company.
ARIZONA WINS FLAGS
SAN FRANCISCO. .. i--Liberty
loan reports from Arizona show that
live communities in the portion of the
state within the twolttn t-.ieial re
sctvu district won lienor Hags by "o
ing over th; top" on Saturday, the first
d..y ot the campaign, ... was announce 1
at hvadqtiarters heie. Plueuis lepcrt
ed $101' I' M) paid into tenk;; in Eui)ocr.p-"
hy Saurddv nigh..
ALLIED FORCES
CAPTURE ST. QUENTIN
AND PRESS ONWARD
ii'oiitlinipil fniiM t'ai' Onpi
:.; l.o mere vaUsU K'W.c tlie univti
sil could ri:ii.ci t'.ie (: :. -t:y t'r. i:i
to prcparo rtl:c;i"i l,-r their iu:pcrta::t
dut.oj in battle."
CTILL MORE OFFICtRo NCDZD
'I'y K -.'i' w 1 .e-1 ! W'iie,
D!)"..I, Ar ' (. 1. -1 ::e i,f.r:
: -? . ii i ling t Msti'ig u;ipl!- 'it
c-t -i ii:.i is to cm t;:'. :i f ,r i
:ii f . s : ' as cruy -ll:e tel.'.;-' ie
c.'ivc.l i'K'ui tiii:s t . t n. headquar
ters of th. . 'uthera d' i;irt "tit a" Sci
Allien o 1 i fi'i 'i'' i,..ill f'MlllT vet'C'i
applic aals lr :;ei vice a.; clli c rs in
a;lr.. . m u ii i;e i-:i:i. i.i:,!lery ; m! in
li.'t.y iii.ni a .-. ol t.ie a: my. P i I'll
d"istoo: that tlie i,u:u!) r desired ,
CJV.iIry seiviee pr.ictic.ili" !' i I la r:
pr i :i 'd.
It i i a i .i : h the duty of t:ie con
LU.uei ! i ear le.- as it is the diity of
Ihe lanner to ptociuce tiioit.
DOUGLAS. Ariz., Oct. 1. Last night
the offTce of the Mexican Federal
stamp agent at Agua Prieta, Sonora,
was entered, the safe blown open and
$8,000 taken away. Two men were
seen to leave the building, enter a
waiting automobile and start toward
the American line with considerable
speed. No trace of the robbers Jias
been found on this side of the line.
L. Magana, the tax agent, immediate
ly was placed under arrest and is
held incommunicado pending an in
vestigation. Sunday night the tax agent at Naco
zari, Sonora. disappeared and a short
age of $10,000 gold has been found
in his ofifce, according to word reach
ing here today. His name is Juan
Garcia and it is believed that he cross
ed the line into the United States, as
all the missing money is American
gold. The Mexican government re
quires that mine taxes be paid in gold
end the American war trade board
pernrts its exportation for that purpose.
WANTED TO WAGER
SUBMARINE WOULD
BE SENT DOWN
ARIZONA BOYS ON TRANSPORT
WATCHED BATTLE WITH SUB
AND WERE NOT THE LEAST
ALARMED WRITES BISBEE BOY
' ALBl'QUERQUE, N. M.. Oct. 1. WASHINGTON. Oct. 1 Railroad
A'.rs. Joseph L. Dickstein has just I S,ew JIe:;ic0 enters the bone dry col- cdministration disbursements to S5 in
( ce ved an interesting letter from ! umn tor.ig'.it at midnight in accordine dividual roads in September amounted
her brother. Ralph Brown, formerly of i with the will cf the voters expressed; to $3L',39J.000. making the total cd
UKtiee, new or somewnere in trance.
Ralph spent the Fourth of July view
ing France from the side portal of a
n car. For the past six weeks he
'a" be?n working twelve hours a day
and getting no extra price for over
i r.ie. Hut. like the other Hisbee boy3
n his regiment, he is going throuch
with it doggedly and persistently,
waiting for the hour to go forward to
tha batt'e line.
On the trip across Ralph's ship had i located here, is affected. ,
an siventure with a submarine. Shots There was no particular demonstra
v.ere exchanged. An Englishman on , tion liere tonight. The sn'ocns were
beard viewed thP action of the Ari-iptetty well crowded by those wiio
.cna boys with amazement while the
subtiarine peril lurked closevby
"Fat lot those Arizona cowboys
cared about that submarin','' wrote
Ualrih. "They crowded the rail an3
'ffered bets of three to one we would
iink the sub in Jig time."
Mining Men
Escape Villa
EL PASO, Tex., Oct. 1. Henry
Beckman. son of a naturalized Amer
ican of German birth, of Parral. Mex.,
was killed by Francisco Villa when he
occupied Jiminez last Thursday, ac
cording to confirmed reports received
aeie tonir'it. Beckman who was a
Mexican citizen was returning to Par
ral when Villa attacked the junction.
Harry Johnston and W. A. Scott,
two ni'ning men who left here las'
week for Parral. were also reported to
have been in Jiminez and were first
reported missing but later information
indicated they had escaped and were
hiding in the hills.
A mining engineer who accomnun-
Torreon on board a train of fedralj by, the P'ai;'t:tt S le. man in t alitor
, , .. . ' nia. a2giei;at:::'4 tao cu;i. oi 1 !.".
"
ceived from hira today.
WAGE INCREASE TO
R. R.
TELEGRAPHERS
tllv
I..:i.-,1
Oct.
.V!iv I
1. Railroad
WASHINGTON.
ic legraphers probably ill receive soon
a wage increase of between $0 and
T-. a montn, if was sain today DVj
railroad administration officials. The
application of the Order of Railroad:
Telegraphers for more than twice thisi
amount of increase is pending before)
the board of railroad wages, which is
expec ted ID report soon to Director j
fienera! McAdoo. The increase to be' WASHINGTON", Oct. 1. Promoters
'liggested will be about equivalent it i oi nut sii mahle speculative enterprises
i said to that recently granted clerks, j who are selii:'g securities, in c.mip' te
maintenance of way men. mechanical tiou with the fourth Liberty Lou.n nJ
workers and other elasses of cm-; .a Uetl.titce of tlie government's eapit
ploycs. ; ;il is..ue.-. eomr.iittee. are under invjs-
: !i,iitieii by li'.at commi'.tee and steps
LL THE VONS HUNTING COVER, i l. k.vk!:i then; publi.ly may be
AMSTERDAM, Oct. L All file im-i taken soon. This was it.nne l today
f civil German secretaries of state lrom :i pteliiiiinary report o..he en
i avc ri si -lied an l the 1'rut.sitia minis-1 fcrctmeut section of the capita! is.r s
:s intend to resign, according to the
R.iil'.i T..cblatt. a copy of which has
j n reciivcd here.
The conservation of food d maud
of each individual enlightened fidel
ity joined to genuine patriotism.
mm man was cittzr
' I hau; suifei m1 from Ftonucii and
liver troub'o for years; the l.i it tv;
-: i".; p.'opli? have been calling v.y
crazy. The doctors could n';t do any
thing for me. The awful hlint'ii c
s : ..ii I to 'if-s nr.i'iist I-;- in ii'"
anil I i ci.'.Id not think c l ailv. 'lh-.
nil n'hs a ;o a fi;e:ul iiilv:i d t.il.iii'i
I.nyr s U uncle: fill Rem civ and It liar
worked vi n lers in l.'v ctse. .VII i iy
bl .i.ting i.nd s ill, ring i.-. K'Uie ailcl I
leel as lliongli ncwiy born " l! is a
si'nple. ha' :i'i'.; l.i epai .it .on that 'e
nnves the fatal rh.t! Inlleils fll Ml tile
iutes'iiMl tract nml allay., th' in i i.i in
'..iitiiii which c iu i t pract'cilly all
st 'ni .eh. liv;-r .-.ml i:ite -lin;il ailme:.!-. '
ii: lu l'n-4 ii i'i Milieii is One do" i!llin
(I II V ., HI" IllUleV r 1 11 1 1 1 1 1 ll.
-'olci ii ilisliei b iiisbee lirx:- en:r
p.iru. Lo i:i lrus 0'iip.tftv iti
well, and druggiMs everwheie
IO i
PAY
OUR line of Fruits and
Vegetables are al
ways FRESH and reason
ably priced. Investigate
and SAVE MONEY ! '
J. Be ANGIUS
PURE POOD GROCER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-161C9
NEW WM SAYS 52 in GIVEN
ADIOS TO BOOZER. H IN SEPTEMBER
v.x-QmhQ, h th ,..,o..!
submitted to tl'.e people. The maior-' rif :or ot Finance Johnson Skelton
iry cast for prohibition at that time Williams reported today that of the
was one of the larpost ever recorded tolaI- 5203.347.000 came from the half
by any state, population considered. million dollar revolving fund and $?3.
It i3 Impossible to e;v how manv 9 J from the $li:?.000.00 surplus
saloons are put out of buiness, ss fund contributed by individual roads,
they have been dropping out gradually l" addition to this surplus. J10.
for the last eleven months as their 419000 wai turned over to the gov
licenses expired. Only one brewery.1 f""'fnt by the American Railway Ex-
I wanted to get their last drinks over
the bar, but the people were orderly
Liquor stocks were almost exhausted 1
several days ago. they being bought!
up by private individuals who 'took !
precautionary measures to guard'
against the long drouth.
LOCAL STOCKHOLDERS
RECEIVE GOOD NEWS
The case of Sherman vs. Baltimore
Oil company, and numerous stockhold-
ers- l'eIlllins the federal co irt at i
Phoenix, was on September 2S uecided I
by Judge Sawtelle in favor of the
r.tcck holders, accordi'ig to advices l - i
ceived here yesterday, the motions to'
dismiss the bill, cr complaint, tiied l.y '
ihe stockholders being granted by the j
court's decision. j
The case presented soi.ie features ;
of unusual interest in that an ,:tt mit I
was made by the plaiiitill' ,o recover j
from the stockholders ot the Laltimo:e
Oil company alleged unpaid stzc.k su'd
Iscriptions to the corporatien. in or
der to liquidate juiimeiu j chiaincd
1 hitra u .r n en.)'. I in th.i
I ciie lrom ail parts of the s:ato. ihe
; greater number c:f the
:cktl -filers
being represented. iiowevi
by the
local film of F!anij;an & .iuny, sue
eejsors lo William., Ac M.iiiik in.
TJ
' fOJJl Ot CITS
Face Angry
fniimttifnf,
JLfULl llllllllt
j
;
committee, which for woks has been
ki'lheiin- evidence on the activities'
of wildcat scl'eine.-; involvin.i the trad
ing in Liberty Roods for speculative
stocks.
Morc than oe.ooo.ooo fraudulent
.i:id e.iiaiuh riz.d hci urit-es are cu I
i. .u .e.. i is ripiT'.'d. ami thi-. p-; re
sents ouly a no. ill propcitiiiu of all
uc ii i-.-nes o.'teied with-e.it l.ein l;r-t
f hmi'fn I to t'.ie capilal i-su- s c om
mittee for it.-, approval. F.ach pro
moter of these Mhcnies shortly will
i,.' serveif with notice that tlie co.e
tinue.1 effering of Pie slcck-i or hond-i
ni: cut the ennimi: t.e s apprjval. or
ii lie ia'.icc nf th- ( o.iiieilt i 's lie, lar:i
t:on that the i.-sae is not compatible
v t i p. it on a I li!eiet." -.viil ri'siilt in
fr :'dett'.iii. ,i the ( .uerpr is-' as
working against niu'ii:ii po i.i-. i!:i:
ing the war emergency.
A t' ir:ial list ol the sieculative en
terprises trying to market iinuuiaor
zi I s"e 'irities ineluii"s L'.".' oil com
panies in the Oklahoma, Texas ii'i 1
i nisa lielils. oUeriuv in the e::re
':.'t" more llii:i s ii:l,iiiii.i.eo ill stock.
Ilu.e are leu ijuestioiiahle motor
c. li'.piinies otfefins! about $..iU"0 "n't
ciirit'
- t Sc 'd in Pi.-hi e anl recommended as
.i:i;ar S (I S i. a iMiti.eu c.ii'jtln' world's le.-t corn remedy by
what i. not viell rictie now v ill Phelps Poige Mercantile Co.. Central
"Ill
fo
not be dene at all
LESS!
1
!.. tmo.ciTn.iA
press company.
HUNTERS ASKED TO
BE VERY CAREFUL
The hearty co-operation of sport3-
I : e.i wio are now preparing for tacir
I lal outing in the prevention and sui
I I ression of forest fire, is beiug re
l';iusieil by the forest officers v(. the
! Cor.ni.ido National forest.
-- nai.refrt
j i.u'r. an exceedingly dry comlnioa ti-
! isliiii in the mountains. The green
pras a;; J weeds normally found on
the forest at this time of the year,
which retards the spread of fires. Is
row hlshly inflammable, it is there
fore necessary to exen ise every pre
caution to prevent fires from sP'rtin.
The man power avai able during or
dinary yeara ,-r lighting forest fire
has been heavi'y dran upon for mil
itary and industrial punlises. It
w ;ulJ therei'ore be difficult to ori;an
:zt ti;-e lia'uing crews in cast of
eircrsencles
In view of thesa conditiohs overv
hunter and campir should ciinsi:r it
J'lty of hiishest patriotism in seeing
that no camp fire is left unattended
p1 th'.t fires are completely extin
guished after serving their purpose.
Forest otlieers will g'adl' accord
rll n'mifiie ii fnrmation to those de
siring such renardin? trails and ca:np
i i; si' es.
BE A JOY-WALKER,
"GETS-IT" FOR CORNS
2 Dropa, 2 Seconds Corn Is Doomed!
wh,?ri v,,ii aln,ost i,h '(,ur
slioes on an:! corns Niake ycu almost
a!k hide ways to get aay from
the p:iin. tike a vacation .'or a min
uc
or
an. I apply
I
"My Com Peel C!tu OK. Willi CtfrJt'"l
c f t e v -. "t.nie ami only genii--,
co: "'-p "(iets-Il " Then,
i :i hen c ,'v vi!l y u be sure that
y 1 1 eor . : .'. i' o'tn from year toe
si ; i nil pel It right off
e!c ;.y ; ,- with your fingers.
T...e o e cf cjiitinued pain
and lie hv use greasy, irri
t.itm alv"- plasters that shift
and "ss . . o the ' quick." ruzor
:tit I -;rrs ' that make cores biped
an.' :' i 4re faster? I" so painless.
;:. a'.w.i.s Hiiro "Uels It." There's
only on. like it i'l the world that's
"(lets It " Millions hive tr.ed and
O K.'d it for years. It never tads,
"t'.etsp." the guaranteed, money
' back c oi n remover, the euiy sure
way. costs but a trille at any drug
store. M't'd by E. Lawrence & Co.,
Chicago. 111.
rhaiinaey.
or 3 drops i
t
w
t
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1913.
'; w'rTAWM I ifitel;te -: feW i
""' You may walk down the street in which there is hardly a single house that has not been
shelled by the Germans, and ye.t you will see pasted on the walls of the ruined houses posters
advertising the French War Loan.
An American visitor exclaimed to a French officer recently, "Do you expect to get
money out of Rheims?"
The officer raised his eyebrows. "Why not," snid, "There are some four thousand
people here."
Four thousand people out of a pre-war popii!i'.si" f. say, 120,000, strll live in that
tragic and crucified town. Four thousand civilians---!! j women, .and children still cling
to the broken stones that once housed their peaceful Ih ?0 go clacking in their wooden
shoes through those ruined streets; still maintain the shred. "f business witli the soldiers, who
are practically their only customers. Not even the thunders of continuous bombardment, not
even the crumbling of the roofs over their heads, can shake them out of that habit of thrift
which is the saving grace of France. War has only intensified that virtue, as the destruction of
their beloved cathedral has intensified their spiritual faith.
The people of Rheims live, save, and subscribe to their War Loan.
Shall We Not Buy Liberty Bonds?
As part of their efforts to fight this war to a prompt and victorious conclusion
this advertisement is endorsed and paid for by
1G1DV
ii ii.
Y
THREE i
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1918.
FOUR
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEN A. CAIN" Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
Ths Associated Tress is exclusively entitled to the use
for republication of all news dispatches eroded to tt or
:ot ocr.ervise creflited to this paper and clso the local
jows published herein. "
All rights of republication of special dispatcher herein
tre also reserved.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
r Month r-.i
Fer
Three Months
Six Months
Twelve Months .
o
2.25
.. 4 00
.. 7.60
i"n (Our Weekly) per year "
"'ada'y (Our Weekly) per auarter
No Subscription Taken for Less Than 75 Cents
Boston Transcript: When asked by a
friend if he had any coal, Rogers gave a re
ply that is the same, spelled or read back-
wards or forwards: "Not a ton, Bob, not a
ton;"
I "Next!" called the allied barber sharply,
bayonet in hand, as Bulgaria, shorn of her
war whiskers descended meekly from the
big chair. The Turk shuffled uneasily in
his place and made as thought to rush for
the chair in spite of constant wireless
flashes of frantic appeal from his old pal.
lliw auif j - J -
Vice-President Marshall, before a joint
session of both houses of congress recent
ly, assured Ambassador Jusserand of the
devction of America to France and of its
determination to fight on with the French
until "justice wipes away all their tears and
fears and avenges, though it cannot obliter
ate, all the scars of all their wrongs."
The first page of the second section of
; the Tucson Citizen's eighth annual special
edition of some forty eight pages, issued
j Monday of this week, is devoted almost en-
! tirely to the Warren district and its copper
! i i if :.: IN. 1
mines ana social weiidrc cu-iivmca. mai
-hirc nA cr-r-i-inl artirls dpalinc Wl th the
P'l-lu"-'J "" ""'"" " ' o
buildings and welfare work of the C. & A.
and Copper Queen companies decorate the
page-
German and Austrian troops paraded
through Sofia the other day. Now the
Prussian knows what it is to be too late.
The allied fault of earlier in the war is his
now. Berlin claims the German troops
were received with wild enthusiasm. Why
not? Just that many more Huns to deliver
over to the allied command either as cap
tives or cannon fodder.
Thirty-four alleged members of the so
cialist labor party and the Industrial Work
ers of the World are held in jail in Tacoma,
V?fh., for federal investigation, following
a recent raid en the headquarters of the two
organizations. Police and federal officers
conducted the raid. No resistance was of
fered and records of the organizations, to-goll-er
with a quantity of literature were
hft'?ed.
In reply to a querry of a subscriber as
to the birthplace and early home of General
Pershing, commander in chief of the Ameri
can forces in France, this column, with
seme pride, i-nswers that the general's boy
hood home was Laclede, Finn county, Mis
souri. Missouri has the honor to be the
home state of this column as well as of Gen
eral Pershing.
Lord Pirrie of the British Admiralty
placed the submarine situation in a nutshell
when he declared that in April of 1917 the
submarine reached its apex with sinkings
that totaled. 485, 000 tons, and that in the
mor.ih of August just passed the sinkings
were 270,000 tons. This is a reduction of
nearly one-half and represents just about
the degree of menace of the submarine to
day as compared to that of a year and a half
ago. It now appears as though the Brit
ish were going to be able at last to take
the OH.fian submarine bases, and if so this
exploit will reduce the menace to one-quarter
wl.t it was in the early months of 1917
-,hrr the LL S. was forced by this same
submarine into the war. ' 1
!i: b said that Castlenau command- a di
vir'on in Ir.e Chimpagne offensive. The
very nr-nv of this fighting general is a
syronyni f victory with the brave Poiir..
Cr-i-lcr;:i; ;!,;' w ;-.' and blocd upon the
kciser's p?rJOiuil triu'mph away back in
1914, when he beat the Germans before
Nancy under Wilhclrn's eye and made pos
sible Jeff re's stroke L the Marne a day or
two Ltcr. He h.is fought all up and down
the battle line and always with striking stu
cc.jS. The French group him with seme
three or four French generals who are the
greatest of the war. The Poilu is simply
unbeatable when Castlenau leads. Clemen
ceau, the French premier, once asked Cas
tlenau what he was going to do after the
war. "Weep on the graves of my sons."
replied the hero. Castlenau has lost three
sons in the war, two of whom fell while
fighting under their famous sire.
j Second Edict of Nantes
It was just three hundred and eighteen
years ago that Henry IV issued his famous
Edict of Nantes that guaranteed partial re
ligious and complete social freedom to the
Huguenots, those Protestants of France,
who had suffered the most terrible perse
cution and all the horrors of war and mas
sacre for so many years before that time.
Henry IV, better known" as Henry of .Na
varre, and also as Henry the Great, and
founder of the house of Bourbon of France,
was himself a Huguenot and fought for his
throne against the nobles and the Catholic
league. The Massacre of St. Bartholomew
had preceeded his edict only a few years,
and he narrowly missed death on that oc
casion. And so it was, that from the anci
ent and beautiful and famous city of Nan
tes Henry issued his immortal decree, one
of the first tolerant edicts from the hand of
a king or potentate in all that two hundred
3'ear period of religious intolerance and civil
war that had racked all Europe. This edict,
while violated and followed by further per
secution and exile of the Huguenots, really
marked the passing of religious war from
Europe. It was one of the great steps, the
shining lights of tolerance while the dark
age of intolerance still cast its shadow upon
the Christian world.
Well, the other day a second edict of
Nantes was issued, this one by the town
council, and it was a vote of thanks and
praise for General Pershing and the Amer
ican army.
It, too, marks the passing of an epoch in
Europe: the passing of kings and tyranny;
the passing of beasts of prey; the passing
of the reign of might over right. When
the first edict of Nantes was written Amer
ica was a land of savages and desolation
with only a struggling colony or two of a
few hundred whites clinging to her
sea shores. And the second edict of Nantes
is a tribute to her first million armed men
sent to France to take part in the last war
of that world old fight for freedom.
Make no mistake about the German mor
ale at this particular time. In spite of de
feat in the west and far cast and the de
flection of the Bulgar (about which he
probably knows nothing as yet) the Ger
man soldier is fighting like a devil to hold
the Hindenburg line. Between Cambrai
and St. Quentin during the past three days
the hardest fighting of the entire war has
taken place. Outnumbered by the British,
Australians and Americans and French, the
Fluns are holding on with courage and res
olution worthy of a better cause. Every
inch taksn in this sector is earned. Ger
man dead are piled high in the Hindenburg
caves and caverns. And it is nearly as bad
in the forest of Argonne where the Ameri
cans are struggling forward in the face of
resister.ee that amounts to desperation. At
these two points the Germans have placed
all their available reserves of picked men
and their orders are to hold out to the
end.
How far reaching and ill were the effects
of that editorial in the New York Times
sorre days ago urging consideration of the
Austrian peace note, can be noted from the
following quotation from the Duesseldorff
Nachrichten: "The opposition group to
President Wilson, whose mouthpiece is the
New York Times, sees in peace negotia
tions the only means of ending the war."
Of course the Times indignantly denies
the charge that it is the "mouthpiece" of
such a group and also that there is a
"Group" at all that opposes the president's
policy of speedy rejection of any peace
terms. But the harm from its hasty and
ill advised editorial has already been done.
It was seized upon by Gerrnan papers to
bolster German morale. The Times "gigged
back" on that editorial, and only the Lord
knows what has happened to the fellow
who wrote it. The Times was the only
daily newspaper in America, large or small,
that favored the least consideration of any
peace by any kind of negotiation.
When soldiers appeared upon the scene,
bronze veterans of the great war, men wear
ing two and three service stripes and med
als of valor and showing the sears of scarce
healed wounds, the Welsh railroad strike
) went glimmering as quick a3 a wink. The
strikers and their soap box leaders of the
baser sort fairly trembled when these heroes
came up to the yards in motor lorries and
leaped to the ground. And it was shame,
more than fear that caused them to hang
their heads and shrink back from before
the stern, accusing glances of these soldier
boys they were trying to knife from be
hind. Secretary Thomas of the union of
striking railroaders, and a big man, broad
and able and having at heart the highest
and best interests of labor as his ideal, had
opposed the strike with might and main.
His heart was filled with bitterness, and,
when the strike was ended he resigned his
position with these words: "You have shat
tered all our prestige," he declared, "and all
my influence. I am going to see this thing
cut and then I cease to be your General
Secretary." A great scene followed thi3
announcement and a majority of the men
present shouted disapproval of his decision.
Thomas was elected secretary of the union
by the largest vote ever given any official
of any British labor union.
How all America must thrill with intense
pride at the news that her raw young armies
have been entrusted with the battle Iii-0
north and west of Verdun! At the time
1 that the French defense of this fortress was
the wonder of the world and the classic in
heroism of the ages yet to come, the Amer
icans who now form the forces protecting
this crown jewel of French glory were
working in shop and store and office and
on the farms of a score or so of the states
of the union. Think of it! Less than three
years ago battle for Verdun was being
fought, and today American boys are bat
tling forward miles north and eastward of
this fortress and crushing the Prussians
who sought in their pride to reduce this
masterpiece cf Vauban, the French engi
neer cf another age. How they hooted at
the U. S. A. and anything she could do or
any men she could send to war, these Prus
sians who came within an ace of taking
Verdun. And now to us has been given the
glory of holding and advancing the Verdun
line. The children's children of the men
who fell north of Verdun will tell with
glistening eye and thrilling tone the story
cf how they fought and how they fell and
how much they saved for the world in their
death.
German forces have always been stationed.
In no sector has the Hun resisted so stub
bornly as he has between Arras and La
Fere. Note the resistance against the Brit
ish the pa?t two months on this ground.
Feet by foot, yes, inch by inch in some
places the British have had to force their
way forv.'prd, on past Bapaume. Bullecourt,
Transloy, Epehy, Havrincourt. Gozeau
court on their way to the very heart of the
German line3 in France. . Witness, after a
score of counter attacks before Gozeau
court and Epehy the past three weeks, the
Germans after appalling losses, are still
counter atacking just east of these very
points today against the British, Austral
ians and Americans, and further south
they made three disastrous counter attacks
against the French to save J-aFere. These
sectors are the cockpit of the battle line.
Those three small cities, Cambrai, St. Quen
tin arr5 LaFere, seem to mean more to the
Prussia:- than any spot in France or hi3
own Fatherland, if his sacrifice and effort
to hold them against the inevitable count
for anything. When the alUes have taken
these three citadels, and not 'till then, will
the backbone of the German resistance in
France be broken. Three times have the
British threatened Cambrai -tr.d three times
have the Huns gathered the flower of their
fighting men in masses and hurled thern
back. Four timej have the French tried
to take St. Quentin, all in vai.i. For four
wcrhs pst the French havz partly circled
LaFere, but still the Hun hangs on to this
sacred ox of his war lust and pride. But
it now seems thai his hold on these three
places is doomed. It is imposible that he
can keep them another forty-eight hour3
without a counter offensive that succeeds
in driving the implacable allies backward
over the tortured, bloodstained ground they
have just passed cn their fateful way.
SMALL INVESTORS SHOULD
RESPOND
No matter how the fight goes elsewhere
along the western line, or what befalls in
Italy or the Balkans or Asia or Russia, the
French believe, and they are a3 close to the
center of affairs as any one and have had
as much to do with events of the great war,
that the war itself will be decided some- :
where between Arras and LaFere. It was
for this prime vantage ground of battle that
the Germans violated Belgium and it is be- '
twesn these points that the flower of the
(Kansas City Star.)
There is one danger in connection with
the Fourth Liberty Loan. That is that the
immensity of the sum to be raised may
give small investors the impression that
their savings are not needed. "The big
fellows will look after this," the man of
moderate means may be tempted to say
"My $100 wouldn't be a drop in the
bucket."
Just there is where he would be wrong.
Six billion dollars is a whale of a sum. The
big fellows must do their share, but they
alone can't handle it. The only way it can
be subscribed i3 by an enormous number
of investors taking all they can. Every pos
sible $50 and $100 subscription is needed.
The loan is going to be a success. But it
can be a success only with the help of every
American family subscribing to the limit
of its means.
GOING HOME WITH A VENGEANCE!
i .
---jaaiJ1J tf, j
DISMISSAL SOUGHT
DENIED M COURT
judge Lockwood Holds Typed
Signature of Attorney
Sufficient to Bring Depor
tation Cases to Trial
Tl ir. afterno.v.l Jidpe A. C- Lock
wood cf the superior court issued an
crdtr aenyin? dismissal in one of the
duptrta'.ion ca-ses argued several
w.eks aeo in court in which a demur
rer had boeii argued for dismissal on
the grounds that the printed siuna
u:e; .trj .:ct eal. that the motion
be denied.
Ti:e decision has been awaited with
Interest ever since the cases were ar
gued, since the issue raised was an
impcr'.ant one. and meant that the
tts'S would be thrown out of court
if the law held that a signature meant
bp writine of same by the attorney
filing the cases.
In commenting on the case the court
said in part:
s particular matter has aroused
urusual interest among the laiety for
fl" rfi.s'in that It is aa oiitirowth of
what are known as the "Iiisbee Depor.
tations." and that fact was even re
ferred to by the counsel in the oral
arguments. 1'ut courts of law In pass
on p'Ki:i of procedure, particular
ly, cannot consider such q.iestioui.
ii.e ;vircii:(M of the organization
known as the I. W. V. are destructive
. f the very comer3tone of American
m cTcy (the chccrtul acquiescence
of the n-lnorlty in the will of the ma
jority. Ideally expressed, until by
j eaitful and proper methods the opiu
.r. rl the majority is changed), and
ivcry true American must and doe
abhor any society which attempts to
jvsi;o tnut icrr.f rstone, but it U the
-l.ry cf our law that all men. the mil
l.o. aire and the pauper, the high and
Ik- l;.v. even the criminal himseif, as
it is, administered without fear or
;. r. or tm usIH of the consequence in
any particular.
"For this reason no honest judge
pussiin; on the question here raised
mn or will consider the circumstances
if the particular case or cases, but
look at the abstract law, and that
i cne."
( ensideriag the point in question
nd reviewing the authorities witn
comment, the court concluded:
"Taking into cousidiraiion the
jverwcelmiug weight of authority, the
apparent purpose of paragraph 41S.
c-pi-ra.. anl the rule of construction
1;-it down in paragraph 5331. R. S. A.
1913, that statutes shall bv liberally
SL.r.i'j witli a view to effect their
cbje t and promote justice. 1 am con
strained to hold that a printed sisna
! .re cf a:i attorney to a complaint ia
w ithin the provisions of paragraph 41S.
liio mo'ion should be denied. Let it so
be ordered."
The denying of the motion will
moan that the large number of cases
liled in the superior .court last July,
one year from the date of the deporta
tion, wi'l-jiow come regularly to trial.
The decision covered the case of
Michael fimmons vs. The Ei Paso &
Southwestern Railway, et. al.. which
had been filed by Struckmeyer 4:
Clear?, but it will" cover all the cases
inularly fikd. since all the complain
had the names of tr.e attorneys print
ed instead of written.
BRITISH BOMBERS BUSY.
I.ONT'ON Oct. 1. In conjunction
wit'i the ope-ations of the American
li:s: cvmy in Krar.ce the British in-d-per.dejt
air force made a night bom-
a.d:;i-n. r.i t.:c Metx-Sablon station
aad Fresr&ty, according to an official
ttnunuuication issued tonight. Ger-
i:ai' l.ast iurcaces at liurbach also
w. re attacked.
Poet's Corner
JUST A LITTLE POEM.
ny C. R- Ryxi. forf.isrly of Douglas.
and bro'.her of our Dick" Ryan.)
When ou ste a man in khaki.
Or a sailor boy in bl-Je,
li ive you ever stopped to think
Taa: man is human just iike voaT
just r.ct.i.:se he had tht- courage.
tij is s.nt away from ho ue.
tt l.as :u.v heroine his duty
In forticn land to roam.
When he 1 i; his friends and loved
one.
H; p"1 i a lace so glad;
Tut a soldier, too. has feelings.
And his throbbing heart was sal.
Just portray yourself departing
t is.m Uu. nncs you Loid must dear.
Kr.c.winA t' at you may nut see them
Any mire for months or years.
just beiai .'e a man wears khaki
lo.sut mean tr-at he's a brute.
lie Is a mast r of emotions.
Kit apparently he's mute.
I'm tl wn i'l his brawny bi.so.n
Tiiert':: a hturt tat beats rinht i n
For the ones back in his homeland.
Ki . the scT'.irs tr.at now are gone.
Th''! ' ;.r: t:::es that ev soldier
li m a ' cut tha'"s full of pian.
JuM b- r.-ii k with the home folks.
And the scenes he loves again.
l'.u' v li.-n pemive mods o'ertake hint.
And he's nearly dtad with blues.
ti mes a letter from the home folks
With encouragement and news.
And his countenance crows brigh'er
As he sees bit ween the lines
The face of his dear old mother.
Or the sweetheart left behind
He Is waiting for that letter:
' Take a minute; write a line;
Ycu 'l feel be'tor it oil do'it.
And vcu'U never miss the time
1 JUST A SOLDIER. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1918.
FIVE
London Press On Loss of
Bulgaria A Fearful Blow
LONDON, Oct. 1. The loss of the
Bulgariuns to the Central Alliance is
regarded by the London morning pa
pers as foreshadowing the euii of the
great four years' tragedy. The edi
torial writers for the most part are
unable to see how Turkey can avoid
the Bulgarian lead, while some believe
Uiat Austria-Hungary must do the
same.
Kur Germany it is held that the
surrender spells ruin to her hopes in
the middle east and her aspirations of
world empire.
"We have come to a solemn moment
in this greatest of all wars and in
the long process of civilization," says
the Times. "It is no time for exulta
tion, but we may recognize in this
great event the first clear, unmistak
able presage that the confederacy of
our enemies is totterins; to its fa.!.
The entire surprise which Hulgaria's
dosertion is to the peoples of the Cen
tral Powers cannot fail to enhance
the moral consequences of the shock."
i'he Daily Telegraph says.
"'It must bring the German rulers
face to face with the unpleasant fact
that the keystone has fallen out of
the arch of pan-German designs and
should Turkey follow in the steps of
Ruigaria the whole pan-German fabric
falls to pieces like a house of cards."
The Daily News says the whole Ger
man position in France is startlingly
CLINIC A SUCCESS
Dr. Mary Neff, during her talk to
the mothers of the Warren district
yesterday afternoon at the child wel
fare clinic which she conducted at the
G;eenway school in Warren, more
iuan rsu..u iuC u. 6...i uc- m ,
pointed out by a little simple instruc
tion how many of the minor ailments
to which the child is subject couid not
only be averted, but even prevented.
Dr. Neff placed special stress upon
(he care and watchfulness that should
be exercised by mothers with children
between the aees of 1 and 5, as the
infantile morta'.ity is greatest at this
age. She also showed clearly that it
is not often that the sickness in a
child is caused by the lack of food,
but more so by overfeeding and care
lessness ia the preparation of the food
given to the child.
Tie examination was divided into ,
two brancces. the lirst dealing prin
cipally with the weighing and meas
uring test, while thP second followed
to the medical report.
One of the interesting features of
the clinic w-as the chart room in
charge of Mrs. John Mason Ross. By
a careful analysis of the charts the
parents were able to see more clearly
why the proper training of the cbi'J
should be regarded with such great
importance, showing at the same time
how essential they are for the pur
pose of pointing out the course of an
illness by means of diacrams.
In speaking of the daily care and at
tention which should be given to the
child. Dr. Neff brought before the par
ents the old saying that "cleanliness
is next to godliness," and in a detail
ed and aualyMcal form spoke upon the
purpose of cleanliness and its aaency
in regard to the various organs of the
bedv.
I
has been ap-1
Mrs. W. B. Gohrin
pointed to act as chairman of tne i,
li-r.in u n 'o ."mr.r-M Hfifrnka in tVi..
u,!.., . v-i. " i
Warren district.
AUSTRIAN PIFFLE
(Hv Hvii'vr las.-ij Wiro)
AMSTERDAM, Oct. 1 According to
Budapest newspapers the Austro-Hun-garian
government desires peace, in
agreement with Turkey, notwithstand
ing the fact that measures have been
taken for defense as a result of Bul
garia's w ithdrawal from the war.
A dispatch received here today from
Budapest quotes the newspapers of
. , , 1 ' . B. . . L,."WI cou""i
l" - -"
sary as a result of Bulgaria's action
were taken to guarantee an effective
defense, but the government stiil was
striving at the earliest possible ms
ment in agreement with Germany, to
secure a peace that would absolutely
preserve the monarchy's territorial in
tegrity. ..ru, Mc-vl-r cttc rmuutuTiniu
"1StX1 .VcShJ0'
pub.iran slate convention which met '
, , ,. . , , ... , , ,1
liprp tf.(1:iv Hf m'iriH'd until 1) n I (Hit
tomorrow forenoon to give the dele-j
,
t un U.I t;nu mini lu inui wu a
nominee for the state land commission.'
there are haif a !
crsliip. for which
dozen candidates.
Senator Albert B. Fall, in cum lien t, !
for the United States senat ; J. H.
Wagner, incumbent, for superintend- I
etu of schools; Herbert F. Reynolds,
for the supreme bench, and Ii. C. H'r,
nandez. for ronre- s. probably will be j
nominate.! I,v acclamation. Asib; ;
from these it is Impossible to say who ,
the nominees of th cmvpnti"!! will be.
Wbezsvtr yo". c-r.c? a sick
i :
ward it
y ;:;e of
ol by II.;
fc. XfJ -0 W
Lurrxst SU vt Aiit Mn-in ia the WoHd.
5std errrrwbera. la bna, 10c ZSc
CHILD WELFARE
lecturers throughout the country.
-ni,;n rii.. r, i,r.w n-1 , u t t h . The assessors have increased Dersona! proAiiuaici it.uuu.uuu
" """".r . ' " . T' :.r; ' i W Numbers for the first 9,000,
cr.iid would tell uie moiner were ne or y"'' w .aiuaLnio UJ , rfrmi-t, n iniv
. h hov nnncit. ,p nomas istrants were drawn in July 20.
"" a 10 r11,1"" cc uf :r :i : i:, 1 JTI,.r and those for the nearly 1,
un ner laiK reiauve 10 me uygjci.ic w mmij inuunucui. .c.tmo ..u. , oi rn. t
and dietetic care of the child, she j many times as great as the estimates .youths i turtfinB 21. before last J
i near the point of dissolution as a re-
su.t oi recent military successes by
the allies there. The paper sees sig
nilicance in the fact that the kings
of Saxony and Bavaria recently vis-
;.-.! . . . r i i i . . . i ., .t ; .. .)
according to its information, now is in
Vienna
"These circumstances." it adds.
"suggest that a phase of the war is
imminent that may leave the Hohen
zollern dynasty isolated, with the less
er kings, who have been it feudator
ies, combined against it to save them
selves." The paper thinks that it can hardly
be doubted that Austria wa3 privy to
the Bulgarian surrender, and con-
"Bespotism ia ut its. last gasp; the
linal victory of democracy is at hand."
"Judes:
The Daily Hail says that Austria is
placed in a terrible position; while
if Turkey does not make peace imme
diately nothing can prevent hrr de
struction and dismemberment.
The hope of rehabilitating Rumania
is ccniiuently expressed by several of
ihe writers, but warnings are uttered
to avciJ the error of regarding Ger
many as boaten.
. "She will fight to the death." says
the Times, "and she and Austria mar
et offer prolonged and obstinate re-
sistance. Unrelaxed efforts by the al-
lies, therefore, are still necessary."
:
WW YORKERS i
TO PAY MORE TAXES
vfw vnnK nrt'i vvpithv fam-.'
ilies of New York City will be taxed
much more heavily on personal prop-
nr,r vt t-P.nr it w hnwn tnriav.
when the 'books of the department
. . .
of 1918. "
Thirteen members of the Vanderbilt
family, who this year were listed ai
sums ranging from $100,000 to $3S0,O0O,
now are asked to pay on a valuation
of $1,000,000 each. John D. Rockerfelr
ler, assessed at $5,000,000, this yeai
is taxed on a $10,000,000 basis. And
rew Carnegie, whose name does not
appear on the 191S books, now is list-
ed at $3,00,000. Charles M. Schwab,
whose valuation this year was $118,
000, has $1,000,000 beside his name.
Former Senator' Win. A. Clark ot
Montana, who has a residence here
an(i was formerlv assessed at $275.000. '
RICH
is down for $1,000,000. J. P. Morgan, THE LORRAINE FRONT, Oct. 1, (Hy
though he claims Nassau county as the Associated Press.) Three more
his place of residence, is taxed on enemy balloons have been added to
$500,000. j his already long list by Lt. Frank
August Belmot, Harry Payne "Whit- Luke, jr., cf Phoenix, Ariz. Confident
ney, Henry C. Frick, Thomas F. Ryan that he wculd get he balloons he de
and George Ehret are listed at sired, Luke dropped a message as he
$1,000,000 each, while Felix and Paul fiew over the line opposite the points
Warburg, T. Coleman Du Pont and he intended to attack, telling the
others are each down for $500,000.
YANKS AND HUNS
IN DEATH GRAPPLE
(Continued from Pace One)
ing in Alsace and was thrown hurried
ly into the fight.
In this region the nearest approach
to hand to hand fighting took place,
grenades being used in preference to
any other weapon. Great work was
done by pioueer troops in cleaning out
macnine eun nests. It was curious
lnat this flank, though exposed to the
nemy's massed artillery positions on !
.u -i jT"
(.ne iurmer Blue or me jieusc. umue
iurther progress than any other part ,
of th? line. At Brieulles :t had ad
vanced two-thirds of the distance to
Dun. The Germans resented the pres
ence of the Americans at Brieulles and
consequently that position was heav
ily bombed.
AMERICAN TANKS CLEAN UP
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY ON
THE SAN QUENTIX FRONT, Oct. 1.
(By the Associated Press) Before the
; American advance the Germans litler-
ed the country with tank mines, appar-
i eniiy aiiwciiisuiis
ently anticipating a withdrawal.
Scores of British-made tanks, many of
them manned by American crews are
co-opcratiiig in the Anitr.can advance.
One of these rolled over a mine and
was blown up. one casualty resulting.
The others got through autl did' splen
did execution.
These American tank crews were
trained in England and had been wait-
"K behind the front for tne attacks.
Volled along before the infantry
, " ', . .
kJtiia,J mill Liuaicu iimii, uiawiiuo
- J
and
eu" n,;stf' , ,, . ..
After the manner of the British, the
i Americans drove their machines right
011 ,op of lne Germans, crushing down
men, guns and nests. Some ot the
crews came out of the fight with their
1 1 actors dripping with blood, showing
how completely they had accomplish
ed the task assigned to them.
YANKS FIGHT ON
WASHINGTON. Oct. 1. Further ad
vances by Hie American forces along
the Metise river and in tin Argonnc
1' rest were reported in General I'er
sliiiig's comiiiunhpi'! for today, re-
j reivi "I tonight at the war depnrtnu-nt.
'American paliuls have passed beyond
;( ieigeK and are inaiiitaiiUng contact
, with tho enciiij .
U. S. FLYERS DOVJN
j . 100 FOE PLANES
I WASHINGTON, Oct. 1 More ihan
I I'm hosiile planes and twenty-one hal
i loons have been shot down by Amer
j iean aviators since September -(. Gei.
i eral i'ershing said.
I BEAT BACK COUNTER STROKES
1'AKIS. Oct 1 (by the Associated
Tress). A German counter attack in
the vicinity "of Aprcmont on the bat-
NUMBERS FOR
DRAFT DRAWI
(Hy Hoview Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Oct. 1. With
the
completion today of the third grea
I nlll'tary lottery since the nation went
! f'u "-
shal general's oifice was set in mo
tion to check the master list and mail
copies to the 155 district draft boards
over the country which are to make
them, immediately available to the
newspapers within their area and to
post them for the public. Present plans
were to begin the mailing tomorrow.
The last of the 17,000 numbers
which determined the order in their
respective classes of the 13,000,000
men who registered September 12 was
taken from the big glass bowl in the
caucus room of the senate office build
ing at exactly 8 o'clock this morning.
Provost Marshal General Crowderj
drew out the capsule which contained! m 'a e discharged from the hospit
number 12.734. The drawing which 1- and c.,ot.3Ln.umber of. B,ck 03369
was started at noon yesterday byj
President Wilson, has been completed ;
in six hours less than the estimated i
time due to a race which developed
between the shifts of young officers
charged with the drawing.
j During the first check of the tally
j sheets today only one number was
; found displaced. The correction was
! easily made from the tally wires on
which the actual slip of paper bear-
ing the numbers had been strung a f
ter ueuis rtiiioi iium me ,-vui. , u,c ,.reat Ho, jlan(j ,i,invard has in
General Crowder stayed with the work- s,.:.h . y,nt that Charles
ers during the entire 20. hour perior: ,
and the drawing was watched by a
constantly changing, but never large -
audience. t
' Time of the receipt of the master;
I lists by district boards w ill be gov-
erned by their aistance rrom asn-
ington. Newspapers must make theii
wn arrangements for securing copies
of the lists from the boards.
hen General Crowder took the
last capsule from the bowl today, or
,ipr nnmhers hd heen piven to aiv
registrants.
000 reg
1911,
,000,000
une 5,
(By Review Least d Wire)
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY ON
Americans to look out for burning
balloons. A few minutes later two en
emy observation balloons fell in
flames. After a brief interval a balloon
further down the line was seen to he
on fire, marking Luke's dash over
the enemy front.
The attack was made during the
darkness and was incidental to an- in
novation on this fronL For the first
time the American pursuit planes have
been used at night, the men taking
off at dusk and doing their work in
the darkness, returning and alighting
by flares after having signaled their
movements with lights.
tie iront noriiiwesi oi evruuii, nt
successfully beaten back in the fore
noon today by the Americans. Other
wise the fighting on the American
front was virtually at a stand stilL
T'le broken roads and destroyed
j were uiawu juue
LIEUT LUKE
SCVKt i lit
bridges are Ibeing. repaired so Llie; WASHINGTON, Oct. 1. Governor
transport of supplies to the front mayIIcbbv. of Texas appeared before the
be continued. There was no change, comm";ttee on cotton inquiry today and
in the battle line at 2:30 o'clock thisgave hlg vIewg of the cotton situation
afternoon when this dispatch was:wkh reference to price fixing. The
' people of Texas, he said, believe that
The enemy's casualties continue jfi as a war n,eaHure prlce fixing be
heavy under the American artillery j conieg necessary the price should be
and infantry fire and the operations , at hast z- cents a poUnd. A price
of the American tanks. The trench ,(;ss than ,hati he told the committee,
strength of one company of Germans ; woud be a hardship on cotton grow-
was reduced from 60 o IS. Another
company lost 30 per cent of its ef
fectives. The enemy on Tuesday was contin
ually bringing up reinforcements, lead,
ing to the belief that it is his intention
to endeavor to hold his present line,
at least temporarily.
AMERICAN OFFICIAL
HEADQUARTERS OF THE AMER
ICAN EXPEDITIONARY FORCES,
Oct. 1. "Section A During the day
we advanced our lines in the forest of
Argonne. Further to the east our pa-
trols have passed beyond ( lei ges ana
are operating north of that point ou
the road from Exennont to G ensues,
maintaining contact with the enemy.
'"In the north our troops are ad
vancing with the French and British
and participating, in their successes."
! slightly wounded but was not laying
AMERICANS OPERATE OWN off on that account.
trains in France:
. ; Mr. W. H. Gibson of Benson, has re-
(Jiy Review Leaned Wir- ceixed a letter Irom Rev. N. Lavison,
PARIS, Oct. 1 The American sup-'f"' B"m' timP I'astor cf the Presby
piv service headquariers announces terian church there, who is now in
that the railroad terminus built hv the Franc. Tne letter stated that he hud
American expeditionary forces in ,,l',n Ihe victim of German mustaid
France have been so far completed
that the Americans are able to make
up their own trains in their own yards
at a port and are daily forwarding n"""-all-AT:ier1can
trains from this yard to,
tho front. I Attorney J. T. Kingsbury oi Tomli-
American xullch engines, road eit- stone, has received word from his
gines and cars are being used and hrcther. Harry Kingsbury, that he hHd
Americans are handling them. : j been cominisisoned a lieutenant at
Conservation is the AU-Aructicau job
on army of four million soldiers
must be fed from this year's crop.
SPANISH CURSE
STILL IS RAGING
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1. Spanish
iuliuenzu continues to spread in army
ramps. More than 14,000 new cases
were reported to the offices of the
surgeon general during the 24 hours
ending at noon today. This was an
incieasa over yesterday of 3,600 cases.
Pneumonia cases also increast-d witli
1.0H3 and 300 deaths.
ROCK FORD, 111.. Oct. 1 Twenty
four deaths from influenza were re
corded today at Camp Grant, bringing
the total death list since the begin
ning of the epidemic to 56. At present
4,000 men are on the sick liat.
CHICAGO. Oct. 1. Only fifty new
cases cf intluenza were reported at
the Great Lakes naval training station
today. Two hundred and twenty-six
, j decreased to 1,362.
A RAY OF LIGHT.
EOSTOX, Oct. 1. Official reports
sent to' Washington today stated that
lhs influenza epidemic was practically
ever at Camp Devens and in the first
r.aval district, but that it is "Ftili on
j the increase" anion? the civilians in
Mny pnee3 in Msaciisliaestts.
PT-T7T r-PI PI-JTA rirt Th- num.
fcer of -case8 of gpanfsh influenza at
M schwab, director general of Ihe
lni,rf.ency flfet corp0ration, today
showPd concern ns to the effect it will
l ave on ship production. It was esti-
n)at-d that at iea5t 2,n00 raen engaged
jn yard COnstnirtion and ship building
are suffering from the disease.
SCHOOLS CLOSE IN CAMDEN. N. J.
Public schools in Camden. N. J.,
wre clcscd today because of the epi-
d mic, and the board of health has
I nl-o,l ai.tlritv euro nlfC.iU m
u-Icso moving picture shows and thea-
t.rs. About 2.000 school children and
70 teachers in that city are suffering
with ihe disease. There rae also a
large number of deaths.
CHICAGO. Oct. 1 Fourteen deaths
and 370 new cases of influenza were
r ported in Chicago today. Alarm was
expressed over the shortage of doctors,
nurses and hospital accommodatinns.
OFFICIAL TOTALS.
WASHINGTON', Oct. 1. The total
iiu"'her of influenza cases in all camps
now is 88,000, while pneumonia cases
number 6,769. Deaths since the epi
demic began numbered 1,877.
Camp Custr, Mich., where influenz.i
had not previously appeared, reported
1,764 cases. The most serious Increase
was at Camp Meade, Md., 'which re
ported 1,327 cases, asainst 396 yester
day. Camp Pike, Ark., again reported
more than 1.000 cases, while Camp
Hancock, Ga., reported 716 cases,
against two the day before. At Camp
Funston, Kan., the number of cases
increased from 141 to 756. Camp Dev
ens, Mass., was the only one which
d'd Tiot report an increase.
Every available medical officer and
nurse is oa duty, said a statement to
night from the offices of the surgeon
peneral, and wherever possible civilian
medical personnel Is being recruited to
assist the army doctors.
It was naid that despite the alarming
increase in influenza cases, the pneu
monia rate continues low,' reports
Fhowing that pneumonia has developed
in only one of every thirteen cases.
GOV. HOBBY ASKS
FOR 35C COTTON
ers owing to the increased cost of
production and the general economic
situation in the south.
County News
John Pytlik and Fred Fisher of
Benson, have purchased a well-drill
with a capacity of 1000 feet depth.
They will sink wells on each of their
places on the Mesa, after which they
will be ready to take contracts tor
sinking ifoi; others
Raymond Dixon of Benson writes
from France that he is engaged in the
congenial occupation of carrying mes
sages by motorbike through the hell
swept areas between headquarters ami
the front lines. He said he had been
aim nau oiso i.een nnu.y muiien.
ui waH now recovering,
,0 bt" remembered to
He wished
his Benson
Camp Johnson. Florida, nnd had been
ordered to Uoston. from where he
would go across. Mr, Kingsbury was
among a class of twelve (o receive a
NAZARETH, HOME OF CHRIST, OXCE MORE IS IN THE IIAXDS
OF CHRISTIANS, DUE TO GREAT DRIVE OF BRITISH FORCES'
'f .to' . ... vK. ..- i
I ii inwwr rf
nv zl
c
'
- !r - i
if' "
"T!fy'y-"""w"
General AHenby and the British
army under his command have
virtually wiped out the lurkish
army operating between the river
commission. The local Mr. KlnsLury
has (.-niv-icii 11. .-i ui'Caiio.; i i
training camp u;ui e.pec,3 10 bd CiiU.:
any day to enter the s-oi vit e, an.I ho
knows but what he may suou m -: hij
brother officer "over there."
Until further nclice the headc;uar
tTs of the couhty farm advisor v ill
be at VVUlcox. H-i is hire to help
you in every way possil;!j. If you
desiro a special visit from him, write
him stating tne natuie cf yoar prob
lem and lio will arrange to see you at
the earliest poxsiblu date. He is plan-,
ning to have a regular sche luie fur '
visiting tho different sections of the
county, and while each family in every
section can not be visited on each trip,
lt is his plan to reach as many tiiller-
ent homes as possible.
Yesterday C. A. Overlork. president
of the Douglas chamber of commerce
and mines, received a telegram Ucm
John A. Boyle, who for nearly a yea.
has been secretary of the chamber,
tendering his resignation. Mr. Boyle
is at Mayo Brothers' sanitarium,
Rochester, Minn., and will remain
there indefinitely. His message suii
that he could not possibly return to
Duuylas before a year had passed.
The resignation was accepted witn re
gret, and Mr. Overlock will look alter
the affairs of the chamber for a hile,
and it is not l.i.ely that another secre
tary will be engaged for sci-eral
months. I
Lewis B. Maier, son of Mr. and .ilrs.
B. Maier, of this place, who has been
attending the rrserve otficers training
camp at the Presidio near San Fran
cisco, has been commissioned second
lieutenant of infantry and has been as
signed as military instructor ti the
university at Lerkeley, California.
Lieutenant Maier was one of 14'. out
of 1000 applicants to receive a com
misison. rankeii sixth in tin.- 149 and
was one cf only six Ar.ronu b;y.- suc
cessful in gaining commissions. When
the United States declared war on be:
many. Lewis with his parents' consent
tried very hard to enlist but was re
jected on acrount of his youth, lie
was raised in Heiison and the many
friends of the laimly are congratulat
ing his proud parents on his success.
Sunday night Deputy Sheriff IVny
Bowden found a case of whiskey in a
TEEiHiELYSWOLLEfj
Suffering Described As Tcrtcre
Relieved by E'ack-Draugtt.
Rossville, Ga. Mrs. Kate Lee Able, o!
this plaac, writes: ".My husband is an
engineer, and once while listing-, he in
jured himself with a piece cf heavy ma
chinery, across the abdomen. He was
go sore he could not bear to press on
himself at all, on chest or abdomen. He
weighed 1G3 lbs., and feU off until he
weighed 110 lbs., in two weeks.
He became constipated and it looked
like he would die. We had tlirre different
doctors, yet w iih all their m iicine, his
bowels failed toact."ie wor.ld turnup
a ten-cent bottle of castor oil, and drink
it two or three days in succession. Jle
did this yet without result. We became
desperate, he suffered so. He was swol
len terribly. He told me his suffering
could only be described as torture.
I sant and bought Thedford's Black
Draught. I made him take a big dose,
and when It began to act he fainted, he
was in such misery, but he got relief and
began to mend at once. He got well,
and we both feel he owes his life tc
Thedford's 13!ack'-Drr.ught."
Thedford's Black-Draught will help you
to keep fit, ready for the day's work.
Tryi',1 NC-131
- . - - r..r'' -tf 'v
j- . - :
-3
" ; v w -
"j " 1 " 1 .H'l' r u
Birdseye view of Nazareth.
I Jordan and the Mediterranean sea.
Nazareth, home of Christ, shown
in the pict-ire. is now occupied by
d by
i the British cavalry after an ad-
sack a.id two saucuses containing two
iiio.'o ca.-.es Vi liquor on tne v, istijCUiul
tuia. tie io iu:ui..g iliu bouj al tho
poiice oUuion and if the owner will
lueatity the whiskey to tho aalislac
tion ol the officer 11 will be given (,j
h.ui. The deputy biieriu is very anx
ious to have the ownership establish
ed, and is takiug good bare ot the un
claimed property until a claimant puts
in an appearance. Deputy iiowden
was out on the Kodeo road Sunday
night and sloiped aoout 2uo automo
biles, but every cue of them was dry.
Last night marked the ending of the
Koileo liquor regime, and a number of
Douglas people made the trip there to
watch for the midnight hour, wheu
New .Mexico was dae to give King
Alcohol a mighty suat. It was said
that all day Sunday autos were busy
bringing in booxe to Slaughter's ranch,
translerring it- there to cars bouncj for
Douglas, and hurrying back to the
point of origin at Rodeo. A large
quantity is said to have reached the
city or some hiding place near here
in that manner.
ASKS REPEAL OF MIXED FLOUR
i Hv Rf-vtt-w I.a.seil Wire)
W'A S I IfNGTON, Oct. 1 Secretary
McAdoo has joined wi;'u Food Admin
istrator Hoover in asking congress to
repeal fcr the duration of the war the
mixed flour law so that such flour may.
be milled in this country in accord-
ance with an agreement entered ii.to;
between the United States and its co-'
belligerents.
Tucson Information ha"s been re-'
reived by Mr. and Mrs. P. S. Rider,:
of this city, that Miss Jane Rider, who
several months ago resigned her posi
tion as state chemist, at the Univers
ity of Arizona, to take up war work,
and who has previously ben stationed
at Fort Sill. Okia.. and Washington.,
I. C sailed, September 24. from New
York for foreign Red Cross service.
She was placed in charge of the con
tingent of workers with which she
sailed. This will be interesting news
to Miss Rider's host of friends in
Tucson. '
Wxror.
BARRETT
StIC
See advertisement on inside
Post of August 3. We
lisbee Lumber Co. inc.
EM1L MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Slop PHONE 25
L. J. OVERLOCK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & C-.. Boston. Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN i BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
1 lie best ut cvcrjtltiiia at reasonable a la carte prices
A Special 60c luncheon d.iilv. Also $1.00 dinner from
L 7:70 p. n. Repnlar Board by the month, $45.00
Henry Poppen, Manager.
V
s '
i
--.
1
i mi ii Kii ..,., i j
vance by them of sixty miles.
Once more have the heathen Turks
been driven out of the Holy land
by Christianity. ,
ANSWER THE CALL
Bisaee People Have Found That This
is Necessary.
A (eld, a strain, a sudden wrech.
A little cause may hurt the kidneys.
Spells of b.ick'-clie often tohow.
Or some irregularity of tae unue.
A s. le.idid remedy for such attacks,
A Hied cine that has satisfied tuou
.anV:s. Is Doun's Kidney Tills, a special
kidney remedy.
Many Bisbee people dely on it.
Here is liisbee proof;
.Mrs. Jue Crircr.lu. 70 B O K Trail,
says. "Dean's Kidney I'ills are tho
lmest kidney remedy I know ot, and
1 am only too glad to recommend
them. Several years ago I was feel
ing miserabie with kiduey trouble. 1
sua'ered with awful backaches and
v. hen I tried to pick up anything, sharp
pains would catch iue in my back.
Oaen black spots seemed ?o float
be'.ure my eyes and my si'ut blurred.
I felt all run down, but Doan's Kidney
Fills relieved me immediately. Two
bcxrs ol Dean's completely and per
manently cured me of all kidney
trouble."
iTiee Gi'o. at all dealers. Don't
simply ai for a kidney remedy gel
I'oin's Kidney Pi'.ls the same that
Mrs. Critchiow had. Foster-Milburn
Co.. Mf-rs.. Buffalo. N. Y
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
piicr.'E is. o K ST.
cover of Saturday Evening
have a full car in stock.
Eoofing SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1918.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
NEW YORK, Oct. 1. The cleavage! Union Pacific 126V4
between war and peace shares became i L S. Marines 43
more divergent in today's active and
confused ttock market, the former
gain yie'diug irregularly to heavy
& 1 ine. while some of the latter added
to gains of the previous day.
ather more noteworthy than either
of these movements, however, was' the
o .iid nt inq.iiry for rails, including
ec ndary or low prices shares.
A ong the erstwhile "war brjjes,"
r er r actions of one to four point3
..e.e witnessed, and United States
tee., never popularly regarded as a
ar stock, made au extreme decline
tf ihree points on a very large turn
over. Oils were under constant pressure,
reacting 2 to 6 points. Royal Dutch
was the one striking exception, holrij
!ng all but 3 of its 114 points advuncJ
on buying associated with the more
topeful conditions in eastern Europe.
Shippings, motors and coppers con
tributed to the general strength of
the list until the final hour, when
United States Steel was at its mini
mum and rails forfeited much. If not
all, of their early advance, the market
closing with a heavy tone. Sales
amounted to 860,000 shares. j
Neutral exchange rates on Holland,
Switzerland, again sagged. j
Liberty Bonds, the 3s excepte
were firmer,
United Motors 31 y2
W'estinghouse 44 li
BOSTON.
Adventure 60
Ailouez 49
laska 3"s
American Zinc 15
Arizona Com 15
Butte 26
C. & A 67
aluniet & Hecla 450
alumet Range 46
jl.ino 39
Chile 17 "4
East Butte 10
Granby 82
a. Cna 51
Goldfield 20
ancock 5
Indiana 60
nspiration 65 "4
Kennecott ,.. 34
.veweenaw 99
Lake 5
La Salle 2
Miami 2S
Mohawk 55 'A
Mayflower 2
Nevada .' 20 ft
Nipissing 14
Old Dominion 39
U. S. Army and Marine
Casualty List Day by Day
The Review is in receipt of casualty Hstg as they are issued by the
war department to The Associated Press. Owing to a lack of space, it has
been determined to publish only the complete list of those killed or miss
ing and a regional list of wounded, including Arizona, New Mexico and
Texas.
Osceola 53
foreign issues shading , Pond Creek 16V4
slightly. Total sales, par value, ag
gregated $8,875,000. Old United States
registered 4s declined 1-4 per cent on
sales. Others unchanged ou call.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1. Increased belief
in chances of a quick ending of the
war brought about decided fresh set
backs today in corn. The market
closed unsettled, 2Ac. to 3c net lower,
with October $1.33 to $1.33. and No
yember $1.30 to $131.
Oats finished c to c up, and pro
visions ranged from $1 decline to 20c
advance.
Developments that had a bearing on
peace monopolized the attention of
corn traders, and resulted in general
selling until values were forced down
more than 10c under the high point
of the previous day. Much of the
pressure to get rid of holdiirgs was
Fald to come from rural sources.
Ray 23 ft
Quincy 65
Shattuck 16
Shannon 34
Sup. Boston 5
St. Marys 46
Utah Copper 84
Utah Con . 9
Winona 1
the extreme break important, covering
by shorts took place and during the
remainder of the session the market
was characterized by rapid bulges and
breaks. In the end the trade was said
to be more closely evened up than has
been the case in a long time.
Seaboard demand checked declines
in the oats market. Exporters were
understood to have made liberal pur
chases here and at other leading cen
ters. Owing to Improved call from big in
terests, lard and ribs rallied from e;rly
weakness. Pork received no stimulus
and fell the limit allowed, for a single
day.
CURBS.
Arkansas & Arizona 7
Arizona Bing fi
Arizona Silver King . . . .'
Big Ledge
Butte & London 15
Calumet & Jerome
Cornelia 17
Con. Arizona 1
Con. Copper 5
Curtiss 36
Denn 18
Dundee
On Emma 3
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK. Oct. 1. Metals unchanged.
" COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1. The cotton
market closi d barely steady at a net
decline of 46 to 82 points.
Federal Oil 1
Gadsden 3
Grand Island 12
Green Monster
Globe Dom
Hull 50
Howe Sound 4
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor :
Magma Copper 31
Magma Chief
Miami Con 3
Okmulgee 2
Pitts-Jerome 36
Porphyry 60
Ray Hercules 4Vs
Tom Reed 121
Tuolumne 93
United Eastern 4
Verde Extension 37
Verde Com
Wolv.-Arizona 1
White Caps 9
West End 1
Wright Martin 7
OATMAN.
(By Cllins and Bretherton)
r?o 04
Adams ;
Ar.zona Hex
Ariz.-Tom R,
Bis Jim Con 05
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore .05
Go'd Road Eon ;
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
Sunnyside 02
Tc-lluride 05
Tcm Reed 1.21
United Eastern 3.70
United Northern
Red Lion
(L. J. OVERLOCK, Broker)
Closing Quotations, Oct. 1, 1918
NEW YORK.
raconda 69
American Can 44
American Car 86
American Smelters 77
Baldwin 87
Bethlehem Steel (B) 77-"S,
C. & 0 58
C. F. & 1 45
Canadian Pacific 166
Central Leather 70
Crucible Steel 62
DistU'er3' Securities 52
Erie 15
Coodrich 49
General Motors 123
Indiana Alcohol 110
Lackawanna .' 80
MT'ne 27
Marine, Pfd -...106
Midvale 49
Mexican Petroleum 116
Xew York Central 75
Northern Pacific 89
Reading 89
Rubber 62
Rep. Steel 90
Studebaker 55 Ins-Needles 06
Steel 109; Hull Copper 50
Rtel. Pfd 110 j Magma Chief 12
St. Paul 49 ! Wolv-Arizona 1.65
Southern Pacific 88 i Verde Com '2
Sinclair Oil 33 Miami Con 03
Texas Oil 182' Great Ray
KILLED IN ACTION
Sergeants
Oliver W. Holmes, Council Bluffs,
Iowa.
Clarence R. Kimberlln, Glennie,
Mich.
Corporals
Seferino Arrupe, Liverpool, Eng
land. Morris Dunn, Council Bluffs, Iowa.
Fred Ebert, Columbus, O.
Albert Froellch, Milwaukee, Wis.
Privates
lotctF. Archuleta, Springer, N. M.
Edmond F. Brown, Brooklyn, N, Y.
William M. Durr, Norwichtown,
Conn.
George D. Vorak, St. Louis, Mo.
i Carl C. Dyvad, Albert City, Iowa.
Henry Edinger, Marysville, Iowa.
D. A. Facundas, New Orleans, La.
Giovanni Gazerro, Tori, Italy.
James Hamelakis, Hereon Cata
Yrakllon Cretes,
Gadsden 3.00
Green Monster 44
Butte London 15
Dundee 50
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome 36
Jerome Verde 44
Ark .-Arizona 07
Jerome Portland
Agare Pedeados,
Greece.
Willie Forde Jeffries, Chester, Pa.
Charles E. Krug, Indianapolis. Ind.
Giovanni Lascola, Cantania Prov.,
Italy.
Webb A. Leath, Blanche, Ala.
William A. Moses. Luzerne, Pa.
Glen R. Murph, Perry. O.
James T. Oconnor, Phoenixville, Pa.
Carl Olsen, Bocholin, Denmark.
Clarence M. Parcel, Centerville,
Iowa.
Daneto Pizzuti, Pittsburg, Pa.
John M. Travis, Victor, Kas.
Stanley L. Wagner, Sheffield, Pa.
Charles W. Morris, Detroit, Mich
Charles Reber, Shillington, Pa.
Raymond Sallade, Pittsburg, Pa.
Virglle Salyears. Humphrey, Ky.
George L. Saunders, Terre Haute,
Ind.
Leroy C. Shelton, Rochester, Ind
James H. Spencer. Bellevue, Pa.
Willie Tedder, Fyffe, Ala.
Clarence Tracy, Rochester, N. Y.
Harvey Udic, Oshkosh, Wis.
Demetre Vldacovich, New Orleans,
La.
Charles E. Voris. St. Regis, Mont
Charles B. Weathered, New York.
Henry G. Webster, Edlnboro, Pa.
Frederick A. Weeber, New York.
Isidore Weinstein, New oYrk.
Warren Winslo West, Stann, Neb.
George T. Worms, Meta, Mo.
Matthew Wynne, New York.
Walter L. Yochum, Baxter, Mo.
Henry A. Young, Somerville, MaBS.
Sam Zolotorov, Brooklyn, N. Y,
DIED OF WOUNDS
Lieutenants
Harry J. Green, Troy, N. Y.
Bernard Vanthof, Frand Rapids,
Mich.
Robert D. Woodbury, Pottsville, Pa.
Sergeants
William Joseph Brown. St. Louis
Mo. . . - -
Walter K. Burke, Washington, D. C.
Bernhard H. Schmidtman, Pasco,
Wash.
George A. Waldo. West Pawlet, VL
Corporals
John G. Caradine, Monroe, Wis.
Tony Desandre, Meridien, Conn.
Walter C. Dietrich, St. Louis, Mo.
Earl J. Watt. Enonvalley, Pa.
Wellmon P. Whaley, Whitecastle,
La.
Wagoner Andrew V. Vannells, Wasn
ington, Wis.
Privates
Jesse Avery, Duke, N. C.
Eura Boitnott, Princeton, Ky.
Harry Vera Bossard, Papillon, Neb.
Orlo S. Chaffee, Pittsburg, Pa.
John Conway, St. Louis, Mo.
Aubrey Cox, Greenwood, Wis.
Jim M. Daffin, Atoka, Okla.
Charles Edwin Dewillis, East Fal
mouth, Mass.
John Dolan, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Frank Herbert Dorman, Pittsburg,
Pa.
William Duwe, Sturgeon Bay, Wis.
Patrick Francis Flemming St. Louis,
Mo.
Fern Fontana, Chicago.
Leslie B. Handy, Manlstique, Mich.
DIED OF DISEASE
Privates
Vltcher Foster, Luverne, Ala.
.50 Hughie Holloway, Jaynes, Misk.
.08 William D. Kelberer, Niagara Falls,
.17 N. Y.
.12 Oscar K. Nash, Oneonta, Ala.
.60
02
.15
.05
.07
.02
.06
.02
.15
.02
.03
.OS
1.23
375
.02
.15
.13 Nacozari Con .35
175 Con. Cop. Mines 5.00 5.25
.53 Porphyry 60 .65
.05 Calumet & Jerome 87 .94
.35 Feather River .12
'JUST ONE SMALL BAG OF PRISONERS BY AMERICANS IN DRIVE
KlK-r: , , jfiHtsiww,-rrsm:zt vCTrVi, jas;tej!
American lieutenant taking prisoners to stockade in rear.
Every skirmish by our boys at
the front nets another bag of Ger
Snans. A constant stream of these
frroups is arriving at the stock
ades in the rear. These "bajTs"
come between the general drives
which net thousands of prisoners.
A lieutenant is escorting these
prisoners to the rear. . .
Frank Pernell. Selma, Ala.
Charles L. Randall, Idaho Falls,
Idaho.
Ivan E. Smith, Fort Wayne, Ind
Reagan Q. Westmoreland, Saint Jo,
Houston county, Tex.
John W. Williams, Dolphin, Va.
Forest Alvin Wise, DeGraff, O.
DIED FROM AEROPLANE
ACCIDENT
Lt. Spencer M. Bell, Lemon Grove,
Calif.
DIED FROM ACCIDENT AND
OTHER CAUSES
Privates
Frank W. Prey, Paterson, N. J.
Nicholas Caspar Anthony Htemenz,
Utica, N. Y.
Howard W. Judy, Cornstalk, W. Va.
Carl Ashby Shankin, Creamery, W.
Va.
MISSING IN ACTION
Private
Edward Marce, Denver, Colo.
Thomas F. Martin, Eldon, Mo.
William J. Mayerlo, Leadville, Colo.
John Jack Meixler, Northampton,
Pa.
John F. Mintle, Toledo, O.
Andres Rlbera, Santa Fe, N. M.
Walter S. Robinson, Lawrence,
Mass.
Carl A. Stark, Jamestown, N. Y.
Niels P. Taft, Oakland, Calif.
Verner E. Whalstrom, Canby, Minn.
KILLED IN ACTION
Lieutenants
Thomas E. M. Hefferan, Chicago.
C. J. McGrew, Evansvllle, Ind.
John H. Powell, Opelika, Ala.
Sergeants
James T. Doris, Jr., Yonkers, N. Y.
Joseph F. Wever, Sayville, N. Y.
Corporals.
Thomas R. Nulty. Broklyn, N. Y.
Michael R. Osullivan, New York.
Leland Anton Tollefson, Antigo,
Wis.
Privates
William Edward Heiss, Cleveland,
Ohio.
Petrus H. Liljidahl, St Cloud, Minn.
Oliver W. G. McConnell, Ford City,
Pa,
Nathan Moserowitz, New York
Charles E. Moss, Free port. Pa.
Jesse Russell, Geneva, Ky.
Sam Steinberg, Syracuse, N. Y.
Salvatore Virgilio, New Haven,
Conn.
Frank C. Allen, Ames, Iowa.
Robert Emmett Brazil, New Albany,
Ind.
Stanley F. Bugala, Chicago.
Harry V. Chambers, Laure, Ohio.
Allen H. Clements, Seattle, Wash.
Marvin Clements, Gordo, Ala.
Homer Edward Collins, Haverhill,
Ohio.
An tone Danforth, Oneida, Wis.
Coley M. Davis, Soperton, Ga.
Geo. Davis, Camden, N. J.
Frank Elmer Drey, Lucas, S. D. .
Geo. R. Giles, Manhattan, Kas.
Jos. W. Hause, Philadelphia.
Columbus C. Hill, HarriBburg, Ark.
John J. Nagle, Philadelphia,
John Wm. Owens, Wylam, Ala.
Jacob Prloleau, Charleston, S. C.
Jacob J. Schafier, Naples, N. Y.
John J. Sickler. Tyrone, Pa.
Frederick Geo. Tegler, Buffalo, N. Y.
John A, White, Cameron, Mo.
DIED OF WOUNDS
Lieutenants
John M. Battle, New York.
James Council Wooten, Columbia,
Tenn.
Sergeants
Arthur Beatty, New York.
Christopher J. Byrne, New York.
Edward Oakley Cares, Clarion, Pa.
Ransom S. Rabun, Wadley, Ga,
Corporals
Harold W. Kunow, Rochester, N. Y.
Wm. J. Lutz, Birdsboro, Pa.
Clarence G. Schneider, Avalon. Pa.
Herman J. Schumacher, Dodgevllle,
N. Y.
Privates
Manuel Arseneault, North Carver,
Mass.
Victor Bershinsky, Chicago.
Theron Belts, Cleveland, Ohio.
Harry Cornwell, Paducah, Ky.
Fred Cox. Princeton, Ind.
Howard Edward Criner, Fayette-
vllle. Pa.
Wm. Edward Doucette, Dorchester,
Mass.
Keeler J. Gray, Bloomsburg, Pa.
Cad C. Haugh. Brookvllle, Pa. -Walter
W. Held. Leechburg, Pa.
Monroe C. Hodge, Atkins. Va.
Andrew P. Jedynak, Chicago.
DIED OF DISEASE
Nurse Nellie M. Dingley, Ashland,
Wis.
Cpl. Henry F. Worthington, Miami,
Texas.
Privates
Chas. F. Constantine, New York.
Oscar Gilbert, Gandy, La.
Bernard Heinsler, Rochester, N. Y
Wm. Sloss. Romulus, Mich.
DIED OF ACCIDENT AND
OTHER CAUSES
Privates '
Ralph Ernest Gerred. Boyne City,
Mich.
John Juryevlch. Eureka, Caiir.
Charles L. Post, Wethersfleld, Conn.
WOUNDED IN ACTION 8EVERELY
Privates
Thos. C. Davis, Webberville. Texas.
Alvin B. Fisk. Oglesby, Texas.
MI38INQ IN ACTION
Cpl. Patrick E. Ruane. Grand Forks,
N. D.
Privates
Morris L. Belknap, Delavan. Wis.
Frank E. Fitzgerald, Pomeroy,
Wash.
Jacob Franck. Minenapolis, Minn.
Gaetano Guarnieri, Lecchia. Italy.
Hugh Hardin, Haynesvllle. La.
Geo. B. Holloway. Taunton, Ind.
Wm. B. Main. Rouservllle, Pa.
John A. Pelzl, Dlcklngon, N. D.
Frank Rezop. Rlpon, Wis.
Jas. C. Riley, Southampton, N. Y.
Gust D. Sanderson, Hillsboro. N. D.
Benjamin Sturtevant, Detroit, Mich.
Geo. Tomuletz, McKees Rocks, Pa.
Ellis Tyner. Bules, N. C.
Rudolph Ulrich, Seattle, Wash.
Ray Yardley, Lewistown. Mont.
KILLED IN ACTION
Lieuttnants
Silvert Carl Wallber. Milwaukee,
Wl8.
Sergeants
Wlllig Kazen, New York.
Earl Watson-Schalch, Philadelphia.
Corporals
Herbert W. Fowlkes, Chase City,
Pa.
Russell J. Bayer. Baltimore. Md.
William C. Quinter, Pottstown, Pa.
Privates
James D. Carney, Lockport. N. Y.
Herbert Hogan, Sedalia, Mo.
Jefferson Howe, Jackson, Ohio.
Alexander Melnik, Koiin. Russia.
Stephen Peter, Pottstown. Pa.
Clemmie Walters, Laurel, Miss.
Gabriel Zippilli. Santo Mero. Italy.
Frederick Joseph Brenner, Brooklyn.
N. Y.
Francis Joseph Carr, Brooklyn. N. Y.
Herbert P. Eck, New York.
Samuel D. Grobtuck. New York.
Patrick J. Kane, Brooklyn. N. Y.
Henry H. Kraemer. West Union,
Minn.
Frank J. Lulay, Chicago.
Julius M. Lyons, Lancaster. Pa.
Antone Morris, New Bedford, Mass.
Joseph P. Myeni, New oYrk.
Emmanuel Raker, New York.
Mike Homonic, McKeesport, Pa.
Ingbret M. Johnson. Eliendale. Minn.
Stephen James McCaul, Yonkers,
N. Y.
Hugh Quinn, New York.
Jack Reese, Kittanning. Pa.
Thomas P.Reilly, New York.
Ralph E. Rodocker, Colfax, Ind.
Marion W. Sanders. Arthur, 111.
Constantino Salzitti. Chicago.
Fred W. Van de Mark, Waverly,
N. Y.
Ralph D. Waters, Waukon. Iowa
Alfred Week, Brooten, Minn.
Fred Winter, Glendale, N. Y.
DIED OF WOUNDS
Lieutenants
William A. Joos. Morris, 111.
8ergent
Travis H. Withers. Inglas, Ark.
Corporals
Frank H. Chase, Nashua, N. H.
William Wrona. Lasalle, III.
Privates
Francis I Allyn. Woodhaven, N. Y.
Francis L. Fairfax. Chicago.
Duncan Q. Guiney, Yonkers, N. Y.
KILLED IN ACTION.
Lieutenants.
James Ivan Dappert, Taylorville, 111.
Cloyd Doup Funderburg. Piqua, O.
Sgt Arthur Childs. Boston, Mass.
Crporals.
John M. Ganier. Rome, N. Y.
Fred Herman Pysner, Parkrldge.NJ.
Bugler Wm. E. Sievers, Gothenburg,
Neb.
Privates-
Vassllly Dauilink, Brest Vyschulkl,
Russia.
Nealle H. Delozler, Magnet, Neb.
Henry L. GAldhahn, Great Falls, Mt.
Earl W. Green, Rockville, Conn.
Robert O. Griggs. Saltillo, Texas.
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
Goal 2
Have you stored your winter's
supply of coal yet? If not it's
time to get busy! A shortage
is possible. BVY NOW!
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
(Continued on Pac Seven)
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE :: BREWERY GULCH
Registered Bonds
Third Liberty Loan Are
Now Ready for
Delivery
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorder.
Phone 156 Office and residence
Mrsf house west of Masonic Temple
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona.
Classes fitted by the latest methods.
City Dye Works
Oeaning and Pressing
Phone 739
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
WEBSTER DEFINES "RESULTS"
aa the something secured by folks
who read and use the Review Classi
fied Columns!
J
Gas Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
in
r
i,
i
f :
:.' ' ) !
BLsbee Improvement Co.
L
1 THE BIS3EE DAILY. REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1918.
SEVEN
t
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this liead at the rate of 1 cent per word each Issue, with & minimum charge of 25 cents.
' Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in next morning's paper.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Bell boy, Copper Queen
hotel.
6S1
WANTED Laborers to leave for
Nitro, W. Va. Wages 37 1-2 cents
per hour, time and one-half for over
time, and double time for Sunday,
Free medical attention, good living;
conditions. Transportation advanced, i
Work for United States government. ;
Will leave Thursday, September 26.
Abnlv O.' S. French. Main str6et1
Bisbee, or United States Employ
ment service, 4 .ievenia street,
Douglas, who will furnish transpor
tation. 630
Female Help Wanted
Y.'
7ED Two. experienced short
. waitress. Apply S5 Main st
age Home, or phone 526. 713
WANTED First class laundress, one
day or more each week. Pay thirty-
five cents per hour. Phone 748. 793
Positions Wanted
WANTED Work by woman by the
(lav. wasfimev lrnmne-. house pipan-:
day, washing, ironing,, house clean
ing, serving parties or anything. Let
me know your address and 1 will
call and make dale. Address U.B.,
Review. . 796
WANTED Position. Plain sewings
done. Leave work 170 Temby eve-
nue or va-A tirewery uuicn.
736
WANTED To do typewriting, book-,
keeping, billing during two spare rOR RENT Nicely furnished front
hours a day. Have my own type-j room, cement house rear of Hogan &
.writer. . Loomis, Phone Freen 807, Stud's olfice. Main street.' Call ix
or P. O. Box 570, Bisbee. 791 t ween 2: 3u and 4:30 p. m. ' 792
WANTED Position by experienced FOR RENT Nicely furnished three
woman as cook or waitress. Apply"' rom 'apartment with bath and
Box 13S3, Bisbee. 057 sleeping porch. Gibson Apartment,
For Sale
--
FOR SALE Chevrolet five passenger :
car, almost new, run only tour ;
months. Brooks Apartments. Fhone :
Black 730. Sul ,
FOR SALE One second hand Cbev
, roet car at a bargain. Inquire C. K.
Barnuin, Tombstone canyon, after.
3 p. m. . 790
FOR SALE Nine room iiouse, com
pletely furnished, formerly used as
maternity ho.me. Terms if desired.
Mason hill. Call 573 Black for par
ticulars. 7U3
FOR SALE One tour room houe.
nicely furnished, easy terms. App.y
35 Idaho street. Johnson addi-
tjon CJ4 1 Montana street, Johnson addition.
r '-i- , 2
FOR SALE-329 acres patented lasa, u,--
half mile from McNeal. Good fa-. F'1 3iET OR SALK six roo;n
ter-house -and cellar. 17J -mw6 i: ,ouliu " lth screen porch, also gar
fencedi S S. L. Adams,"Lowell jit-Tlf' rhoe 717. 677
-ey run.
FOR SALE Buick light six, five pas-
sengar, 1917 model, in first class
condition. F. J, Keogh Auto Uphol-1
stery & Paint Shop, Lowell. 675 '
FOR SALE Ford touring car, in good ;
conaiuon, iis aioaei. Apply Lyric
Confectienary.
753 ! .
FOR SALE
Five rocm furnished
house. Tombstone canyen, not on
hill, J500 cash, balance monthly pay-
ments. Apply to Al. C. High. 79
i
FOR SALE At once, going
away, i
nearly new extra nice parlor, dining
room and kitchen furniture an.1
dishes. Gibson Apartments, Claw
son hill. 795
f OR SALE Fresh, ripe tomatoes for
canning. Delivered to any j art ui
Warren district, five cents pel
pound. Mail orders will icceive
pro:npt attention. L'haF : L. l'urdy
FOR SALE Two work horsos. BikIjoj
Improvement ccmpany. 7V2
FOR SALE la Jerome, a first tiasi;
shoe thop. Ch-impim curve n.'t.dlf
outfit. Can be bought cheap c:i ac
count of sickness. Address P. O.
Box 118.!, . . 771
FOR SALE Second
Broadway rooms. '
h.nd
ra:i;'C. ,
7-;.
For Exchange
FOR EXCHANGE Would Iralo for
Warren district; iirnpeily, a r.evf
five room bungalow and seven large
lots in New Orleans; also fins live
acre orchard of 312 hearing Satsu:na
orange and 150 bearing IV can trjes,
at Grand Bay, Alabama. Geo. I.
Custer, Warren, Ariz. fit.:!
FETEY DINK Petey Evidently
.. . ' r n i
I ha. Ua. ma. r " 1 1 f :v
. - oh -n i-i
For Rent
' FOR REN'T looms. Hotel Letson,
1 Main street. Phone 551. Centrally
located, clean, airy, newly renovated ,
rooms. Running water. Reason-1
able rates to permanent guests. 82o ;
i FOR RENT Three room modern bun-1
Kaiow. louiostone canyon. Fartly
furnished. Apply mornings only. A.
H. Grant, 167 Art hill. 802
r " - : :
f OR RENT-Dead storage for cars for
the term of the war, reasonable.
Brooks Apartments. .Phone Black
730. - 800
, 7o0
FOR RENT Batching cabin for two.
'", aiso nice, clean, well ventilated,
I sleeping room. 49 O. K. street. 31 ti
FOR RENT Two large furnished
I housekeeping rooms. Lights and
j water furnished. 163 Opera Drive
i or phone Blue 711. 817
FOR RENT Three housekeeping
j rooms, $35 per month. Lights amd
I water' furnished. No small chil
dren. Inquire 110 Opera Drive, op-
j posita Central school.
819
j pqj ,RENT-Five room house, 20G-B
.
opera y.ae,. . lose in, aoove lum
beryard. . . - gig
FOR RENT Nice clean rooms. At:-
incton .'rooming hoii?e. i PrirpR res-
-sonabie,' Opposite city park.
770
FOR RENT Three nicelv furnished
rooms fur housekeeping. 14 Jy:ger-
ville. 773
1 Clawson hill. 794
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
room, separate entrance, suitable for
gentleman or two school teachers.
Apply first house orth of Breoks
Apartments, O. K. street. uh-tt
FOR RENT Adu'.t desiring three
roni furnished apartment for one
mouth with possibility of renting
.indefinitely, l'uuae iiiaci 061. 7oi
FOR RENT Garage
Phone Black 475.
Warren.
422
FOli. RENT Furnished locm in pri
vale family, eilher for lady or gen
tlemen. Phone 31S. dh
F0,K i?ENT Two roo's furnished
for housekeepiiig, no children. 2S
Wanted
WANTED Good
CalLRud 177.
small coal
range.
79
WANTED House, four i-oo.ns or more
unfurnished. Bisbee or Warren. Ad
dress, "G. " care Review. ti-dh
(WANTED Clean rags.
nevlew of
dh-U
i f.ce.
Lost
LOST One
diamoi.d tuff button be
tween Copper Queen general offices
and postoiiice, Monday afternoon.
I Leave at koview, tare Mr. Matthe
; son. ' . ' ' 8:)3
LOST Monday, September 30, a
parse containing eboul $75. Wouiu
finder kindly return same to Review
ofin.o -and receive liberal reward?
813
LOSTIn Warien. platinum I r'iaca
Mil ill pearl in center. Call V arrni
l'r.ig company. Reward !J1
LOST Three rings anud gold c!ia:ii
in fr.nt of Palace grocery. Ketu:r.
to Pa!.;ce grocery, iceward $15.
7-S
. found .
FOUND -r Aulomobile lepair t'eois.
Owner may have same i,y calling at
Bronson stole and iilentitying same.
315
'Money to Loan
SMALL Q.iicK loans on your persona:
uuie u saiarieu men ana women, Ju
ki on iiiiDiture. .;r;x Lioau uo. Itcom
z. Lyric 'ineatrn ounaing. ibb
Had Something on His Mind
s. . : r;-- . M
Miscellaneous
i
NEW PROCESS LAUNDRY Just op-!
ened at 215 Opera Drive, having the.
Big Giant washer. Washes bilks,
lace curtains, flanels, blankets with
out wear or tear. Expert irojiers, !
can iron anything first class, dry
cleaning and pressing done, gent's
and lady's clothes. Patronize us and
get the best. Proprietors, Mrs.
Hayes, Mrs. Lundgreen. 76S
MATERNITY HOME On Mason hill,
formerly run by Mrs. Jacobs, will re
open Monday by Mrs. Kahler, pro -
fessional nurse, of Chicago, 111. 720
A lil lETU "XI M. C. A. ocnool, Co
Aiigeiea," auoui Auto, nauio, cm-.-tueiuiai
una engineering coucsfs
intiu lor service.
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE $
up. AH corsets carefully fitted.'
Ines Warburton, over Independent:
Feed store, upper Main street. Si9;N- ' ' ,
: I Leo Pcznansl. .MIlv;aKee, Wis.
MRS. BOYLE Clarivoyant. card; John s;i:.io Roche, Arcade, N. Y.
reading. Hours 10 a. m. to 2:30 p. m. I Jcsepa Valentine Ruhling, Baffuio,
17 Montana street, first street back j N. Y. ' '
of Lowell bakery. 312 Orville Smith, Palatine Bridge, N. Y.
MARTIN'S MINERAL BATHS AND
MASSAGE SPECIALIST For rheu
matism, lumbago, plurisy, head
aches, nervousness, manipulations
and curviture of spine treated scien
tifically. Office third floor Maze
building. Opto 9 a. m. to P.p. m.
Nurse in attendance. 705
Casualty List
(Continued from Page Six) :
Roland W. Heidelberg. Mariliavi::e
La.
Karl V. Hurr, Bucyrus, O.
George H. mhof, phila.. Pa.
Royal Keller, New York. i
Orvijle Lowe, Boonvilie, Ind.
Rcbert Malloy. rarrot3Ville. Term.
Gc l. Newton, Mere jith.Annieton. Ala.
Art'.iur S. Miller, Thurston, O.
Mike Pietzpk. Salina, Pa.
James Fulllvan, Chicago, 111.
John .1. Thuernmel, Sin Fra.icir6.
Jlark Tonks, Witt, 111.
Norman H. Veith, Conncaut. O.
Paul E. White. Oechlochn-e, Ga.
Clyde Laine Wright. Marshall. Mich.
Julius Zannette, Cliffside, N. J.
died of wounds.
, Lieut. H.rschcl C. Tritt. Vienna, I I.
S t. Charifs Harrell Upward, St.
Lot.is, Mo. . ' .
DIED OF OlScMbc.'.'.
Privates.
Edward M. Carr. Chicago, VI.
Wm. M. McCormick, Lutie, Ok la.
James C. Mclntyre, Chester, Miss.
Wm. H. Meyer Long Island City.N.Y.
Luther Murrell. El Dorado. Ark.
DIED FROM ACCIDENT AND OTH
ER CAUSES..
Privates. - ,
lee Hardyj'OenJrins, K: ,v-
VO"uND ED SEVERELY."
Henry S. Levere.lt. Farinersvi Ie.Tex.
MISS NG IN ACTION.
Lieut. Edward Fuge, Brooklyn. N.Y. j
Lieut. Wm. G. Sher.i.an, Indiunapo-'
lis. Ind. I
Sst. Harry W. Gilmore, Sacramento, ;
Cal. , j
rst. Axf l R. MoIar.der.Farwell.MInn.1
Privates. j
II?rn--:n AxcNon." For.-uas ForshagoJ
Sweden
Wm. Bartlett. Bay Citv. Mi. n. .
Albert L. Carter. E bville. Ga. i
Leo A. Clark, Leadvillc, Colo.
Michael J.Comcowich.Anr.nia ;-t,ti I
Charles Kronk, Menonionie. Wis.
i :aiwe i. i !irr"v reeKSKiil, IS. 1.
T'io.-:. Eidsvick. Eni.l. Mont. j
Wm. Famil'e. Plii!:i Pa. !
v ihn U. Hrtn98!. Collinsrillc. Ck'a. :
llernian Krphs Harlnwfnn M..nf ,
' "Mfa Kmiz. I'ort Townsend, Wash.
Michael Lam.ittino. White Plains, '
N. Y.
1 rnof- P - Landre!'. Idabol. Okla.
Ce- i: .Howard Tnber, Barron, wis.
Jamr-j Ei'l.-on. Yost mite, Ky.
.''fi" Fmhrv. Glei Dean. Ky.
AfanuTl Furt-ido, Santa C!::rj. Crl.
ppfe Giravaplia, Helper, Utah.
Cc.ftmo CaZiiMla. Prov. Ti.ivi.o.
Italy.
Jat.:es H. Howard. (a';.:lsn. N. M.
. E1m:c7 .I'hi:.;t.'T H( iui::m. Wa -h.
K I ab'o Marez, Guadalupe, N. M.
v LaiH'ie N' l. Wenatehep. Wash.
I loyd raly. Mineral City, O.
' Biuy.o Rynl-.owskv. Chicago. 111.
arslii ll C. St. John, Carriz'izo.N.M.
'"'ni. W.'ranisky. Gtodna, Russia.
Alvy C. Wilkerson. Taylorsville. C iK
Mar'on E. Wiili.'.ms. Lopansport.Lil.
I cuis Wolcoves, i iiica -'!. 111.
"m"- lTr .'rnezio, Arnold, Pa. '
Ernest E. Debcrry, Sberidan L"k ',
Colo.
James E. Dobin. New York
Pri- oners.
Besides His Hat.
lV-t.,,.!
BOOBS ?LtT VitTAKlM J
IHtlK
VNHV'SHOUtD yf-r?'
"Mechanic Win. J. Donovan, Jamalco
Plains, Mass.
privates. , j
Laird Catanese, Prov.Me sina.Strate '
Siiuimerio, lt:iiy. i
Anselo liiin:i.l'rov.I);i Casesta.Italy. '
Paul A. Dombrowski, Perth Aniboy, f
X. J.
KILLED IN ACTION. "
Privates.
Lnverne W. Anderson, Sheridan. 111.
Francis W. Gorman. Goodhue.' Minn.
Raymond J. Hess. Homer, Mtrh.
Weilm-m H. Hney, Detroit. Mi h.
Edward J. Reich le, .Newark. J.
D ED OF WOUNDS RECEIVED IN
ACTION.
Privatec
' Eddie O. Brandos, TilamooJc, Ore.
Edwin !". Cecil. Eiicne, Ore.
John J. Doiis. New York.
Riyn-ond F. Farrel', Newton, X. J.
DouKlas H. Knox, Fredericksburg,
jya'
Frank B. Prohaska, Veaverton, Ore.
al:( M ri'rig, Storting. Colo.
MisSING IN ACTION.
Pvt. ("has. I.av Skinner, New York.
IN HANDS OF ElM EM Y PR EVIOUS
LY REPORTED MISSING.
Pvt. Erhard J. Bcr.idind, Cliica-n. I!l
Pvt. Edward A. Graham, St. Louis.
John Richards, Hunter, Syracuse.
Richard R. Kelly, Trenton, N. J.
John L. Ozinski, Wevaco. W. Va.
James T. McDonncH. Brooklyn. N. Y.
'Wilde.- E. Marston. Canton. Maine.
Elbert Marvin, Seattle, Wash.
Lancy E. Nugent, Columbus, Ga.
Athos I'ailides, Ansonia, Conn.
WYilliam A. Pennington, Trenton,
N. J.
David Peter Thom'iison, Arumore,
tOkla.
i DIED OF blSEASE
Cpt. Wm. H. FicAl. Los Angeles,
Calif.
Privates
Charles R. Claik. Ithoadpsvilie, Va.
Louis Emilien, New uritans, La.
Henry Helman, Thouipson
Moi;t.
Joseph Kilcran. Now Haven ic in.
Phillip E. Miller. Cleveland, Ohio.
Henry S. Titus. Silver Creek. N. Y
Eister N. Barnes. 4)otliam, Ala.
John A. Butler. Randolph, Okla.
John C. Conner. Huffville, Va.
Frank H. Coon, Stilhvell, Okla.
I'iajJe li. James. Portsmouth, Va.
Frank Paines, Calhoun. Fla.
Iiaac Parker, .Mitch.ellv.lle, Mil.
Charie U- VuiraUi, Gloversville,
N. Y.
DIED FROM ACCiDENT AND
OTHER CAUSES
Cook Walter Gajek..Cleveland, Ohio
Privates
Auuison H. Brobst, tllwood. Ind.
Wiiliaai Enimett Carry, Kansas City,
Mo.
Rocco Crimen i, Cambellsburg, Ky.
WOUNDED SEVERELY
Privates
Ray Robert Canon, Kenceona, N. M.
Fred Lopas, Sabinul. Texas.
MISSING IN ACTION
Corporals
Jno. Killoran, Chester, Pa.
Albert J. Pcckham.itri-oy. N. Y.
Robert E. Young. Pittsburg. Pa.
Bugler Byron L.Lutse). ilkcs
Barre, Pa. . i: - "
Privates
Owen C. Channel. Newburg, W. Va.
Wm. G. Deuchar. New York.
Demas C. Ferreira.J lay ward. Calit.
Scott L'arrod, Millsville, Ark.
Henry D. Holder. i-Walnut Kidgc.
Ark.
Harvey L. IRiland, Gla-ichill. Vu.
William 11. Hopper, Kayti Gayoo,
I r, . ...
Kou.e. .uo
;JJid Jev.ell. oicester, A.ass.
K'chird.L. Johnson, Ma! ksville. La.
aymiiu George Mayrand, Fond Du
La.:, Wis.
Isaac Nitron berg. Philadelphia.
Tiic:nas D. l'hiney, Vi.-ta, Mo.
Wm. D. i'ui.ch. . ....ad jlpiila.
AUil;.h II. P.-:kc. i'.-.t .ii'.r.-', l',i.
Ciareiica C. Sj'.vx-:vz:t, Pit: hurj-,
r a" '
"h -:::: Sodum. . orns, N. J.
Prisoners
Lt. Iioraca I . Wells,' 1' r.vcr, C:lo
KILLED IN ACTION
Hgt. Curl A. Ji hnson, Asiitalulii r.n.
'nor. ( pi. Y.'aUcr A. ii-usler, l.( ..i:;,
i'.i:ia.i j:p'iia.
Privates
Rcil :y E. 'ioKKes.s. Iljiiu... Tex:-. ;.
l'iiit:i Fl.iK'.er, Yourfcenv sUu. N. V.
Sol:i:no:i Is:r..( s. Sll.y Ey M :i:i.
ZiCD O." VOL,ND?i.;JltCi.IVtD
ACTION
.s-t.
C.)i.
c.
li.'li 'l t L..M.1., Deiiw;'. Colo.
A!i'-oa M I'.i.-e. Aherdc r.
Privates
iSuss'!!! K. Spru;:t. Suli l.ak.; City,
c ? i'... i
Paul J. gtii'lil.iiiil.'i?, Kn.-icy. Ala.
IN HANDS OP ENEMY
Privates
Charles P. Hughe-Sj F.iiil..nci. Ind.
Leo J. Tevlin, St. 'Louis. Mo.
Anthony F. Zindcrsic, Joli:t, 111.
i
w:HV - 4a f
MARINE CORPS CASUALTIES
Summary of casualties to date:
Officers
Deaths 3ft
Wounded 7
Missing 1
Total l'J"
Enlisted Men
Deaths U'32
Wounded l'JW2
In hands of enemy 20
Missint; 161
Total
Every sign proves iiiat home-can-1
jners have reached the goal.' I,r'.u,0n0,- !
Oitu quarts. This, by the way,, insures
die home pantry lor the government ;
needs most of the commercial puck for!
the army.
THIS WEAK,
NERVOUS MOTHER
TnHnwI.vHiaK-Pinkharn'a
Vegetable Compound
. m t
Vegetable lompounc
Restored HerHealth-
Philadelphia. Pa. "I was very weak, j
always tired, my back ached, arid I felt !
sickly most oi tne ,
time. I went to a t
doctor and he said :
1 had nervous indi- '
eestion. which ad
ded to my weak
condition kept ine !
worrying most
of
the time and he
cam it i enn in nni :
ZXr .-II I
not. pet well I
LvdiaE. Pinkham's
Vegetable Com-
pound mv husband wanted me to try it.
i iook ic ioraweeK ana leu Biiine wi-
icr. i ii'i nupiw uirre uiunuis, tuiu
withoutdistressornen'OUsnes9.' Mrs.
J. Worthline, 2S42 North Taylor St,
i uiinucijjiua i a.
The majority of mothers nowadays
overdo, there are so many demands
apon their time and strength; the result
"
navi.niia Ann. I. aw. .... . V. h..n:lii'l1.'.a hojlr.
ruuS lu.iu.uuii b iui ucjuouiij,
soon more serious silments develop.
It is at such periods in life thatLydiaE.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will
restore a normal healthy condition, as
it did to Mrs. Worthline.
Removal Sale
Now on for One Week at
Fruitman's Fashion Shop.
Special Bargain on
Waists, Skirls, Dresses and
; Underwear
25! Per Cent Discount on
AH Orders for Tailor Made
Garments Received This
Week.
FRUITMAN'S
FASHIONABLE
LADIES' TAILOR AND FURRIER
Hughes Block opp. Y. M. C. A.
Phone 74 Bisbee, Ariz
EiS
BEE TRANSFER.
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Wre.''Ouse A: Office Opposite Dept
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
ftnsoecttully Sollclti Your
Patronag
PHONE
5S
WWVV.VAVAVAWAW
7 M
l.A
CF T.i
U'O '- l.v.'tl '-
y
-GO AMtD iU
I A. CeST 30KE
TiMS 15. v-
'r'i-.v"'4-
v
y. f-
MM
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren district; giving the essential
fact3 of each, their meeting nights, their olficers Mid the place of
gathering will be found under their respective headings in these columns
BISBEE LODGE NO. 713.
L. O. O. M.
meets e ery iriuay
nigm, .woose
. i-r ;n:; Liotners cu
dially liivueu.
it. i. t;Lt:Asu.N,
Dictator
aieets every
I . i n u r 8 u a y
"S evening at Odd
529 Fellows' Hall
! BISBEE LOuGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F.
Subway treet. rt 7:30 o'clock. Visitim?
brothers c:d ally invited to attend.
Hail i : i.
G. A. PLUNKETT, N. G.
TER EUSTACE, Sec'y.
PYTHIAN SISTERS 1
Lily Temple No. 3 meets evrry 2nd :
'and fourth Tuesday evening of each i
month at Odd Fellows Hail.
w,l,n z
sisters are cordially invite.
MINNIE BLUM. M. E. C.
Fhone Black S51. 1
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C. !
Box 1475 I
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in I. O O. F. i
ilall First nd Third i
Satuuays. Visit ing I
; -s-.'
j M.
brothers welcome.
! S- F BENTON. Councillor
F M wiLLiAMS. Ree. Sec'y.
',
BROTHERHOOD OT AMERICA
; YEOMAN
lucnara i, iiomesieau ... meet sec-
uuu anu iourin l uesuays at iieamo -
dialiy invited. .
I MRS. C. C. FINLAYSON.
foreman, r. u. uoi lo.u.
i E. D. STINSON,
j Correspondent, Box 1496..
j
j
' .HMBBBBBBVMBaM . , i i,
i i
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
C EL HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER GUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
PKcne in
O'ii-.i Bj:3a
CCrPIR QLUCN HOTEL
C. E EOGAHj
THE REVIEW
job Department
will furn sh you an estimate
cn that job on short notice
Vie ll .Thc 3oke
I
Vie ll .Thc Soke's oowe
fav? ehoucu fovj'tt hot)
AY l r
Js$vA . Aft X-S
f m Jwwm
Fav? EhouCU fovj'Lt HOT
4 M
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
. Rathbone Lodge No. 10
Knights of Pyth:a3,
n.eets each Tuesday
(e.vpt itcuJ) in Oiid
Fe;:ua'; Hall at 7:30
p. tn. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
4 i-
v.- 1"
II. E. WOOTON, r. C
W. E. McCALLUM. K. Of R. S-
LODGE NO. t71
Regular meeting first and third FT
.K. vh.ng bror.
cordial. y Iuv.;ed to attend.
JS. ALU SON. Exalted Ruler.
R. J KELLY, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Loeil Caoip No. 4b will
" meet every 2nd and
i j , 4th TursJ,.y at 7:3'J
7 : J . Finish Hail.
D. C. SAXBY. C. C.
o. B. TilUji.iS, Clerk.
All vYuud.'.ien i-vited.
OSDER OC EASTERN STAR
meets in Masonic Hal:
1 f-i-l Chapter. No. 6, mee's
in jlasonic Hail second and
fourtn Tuv.-uay of ttcu
month at 7:30 p. m.
i Ph..r n;i tv.v i.,
! r- IT ,.v .
rtone"l. "n
Sco'y.
lUiief
P. O.
Co til..
pn,Teo.,,, "
ML (-nuEC OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie, N:. 175, y, o. E.. meets
liu.a ll.-JLl.MS. J o
It i .... ... ...
rj(,ii. na.i. visirjrs roru.::I:y
come.
J. F. W:LMO:'H. ! r-....t.
F. C. f:-.N!i;:siiN. s.vretary.
C. L. EDMl NiriUN, Aerie i'.'.yikicn
I
FRATEfNAL
h
EROTHERhOOD
T. F. B.
V, V',' It. l;is,'ee Lodi
odre No.
he 1st
ai d rd J.'ondjys
oi each inoti'h at
i.v-v- 7:"'J at Me.intc
vi.-h Ha!!.
, is ;t-
ins niomtn-ia cordially iavitej.
B. F. .MOSS. Preside nc.
MRS.C. K FINOTTI. Trrvrcr.
Box 'TV-'. Tel. ZZj. Red.
liONOUA MCNL'il, Secreury
Bex 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN CF AMERICA
Li.be Cam? Ni. i:i-4ii.
ileets 1st Siuuro-.
'.Uaisovich
t. L. y.V17., Consul
J. F. MATH EY SON,
R'1
WEEK ENDING SEPT. 25. 1J1S
Aloiu sy 2nd Degree.
Tuesday
WeJcesdiy
Thi:ru:::-' L'.Iae ".eg.
Fi niav
Saturd iy Rt y.;l Arch.
V.. W. C.HH.KY. W V
B. T. WATKINS. S-fy. F. & A. M.
J W. TOLAN'i). E. Ii P
c. F. pniLi!::;)OK. t. i m
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. li.VVKMVill', S ..-.uiry Chip
t- r aii'l Comm.T !c: y.
W. R. BANKS. Scire. v'ci:::cil.
LOYAL OHANC- INSTITUTION
U.VITED STATES CF AMERICA
DREADN LC:-iT
L. O. L. NO. 21a
Meets t:i I O.
O. 1". Ilai: tirst
a:i J third
MOND.W it
7: CO p. ra.
Visitius lirv
or cord.a'ly
i.ivitoj t' hi
tend. M.
WM.
T. S.MITiIAN. V.
UOUKKT FEUG l"S. Svir. ta-y
P. O. I'm .';, i'.bee
Cy C. A. VOIGHT
s oowe
-r- I i
1 '
I
I '.'Zv')
I EIGHT
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1918.
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If bo, call
Tbe Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
MFPTING CALLED.
All of the Camp Fire girls ar asked
to meet at the V. W. C. A. Thursday
after school
ON BUSINESS TrilP. :
J. L. Melgren, proprietor of the Ail-
lington hotpl. in TmibsUme. was in
the city yesterday on a short business
trip. i
FROM LOS ANGELES.
Mrs. J. J. Bowcn arrived here Sun
day from Los Ar.gelcs and will again
take up her residence in this city. She
is much improved in health.
FROM TOMBSTONE.
Joe Best, of TombsUne, was in the
city yesterday cn a snort bus'ness
trip. He reports the county seat as
being quite lively at the pieser.'. time.
RETURNS FROM VISIT.
Mr. and Mrs. Pierce Blunt have re
turned from Oklahoma, where they
have been visiting relatives for the
past month.
FROM DOUGLAS.
Jess Snyder, who is at present em
Ployed at the Copper Queen snieiter at ,
Douglas, but who was formerly locateu i
at Courtland, was in the city yester
day on a short business trip.
TAKE ADVANTAGE.
Those desiring to take advantage
of instruction in advanced bookkeep-j
ing and accounting should meet at the
high school Thursday evening at 7:2!t
o'clock.
CALL FOfl SPRUCE MEN.'
The local board has received a call ;
for six men to go to Vancouver Bar
racks, near Portland, Ore., to be Bent
cut with the next few weeks. The
date has not yet been set
WILL LOCATE HERE.
E. K. Springer, formerly of Tucson,
has arrived in the district and erpects J and powders in order to fill the de
to locate here. He has Becured em-jniand that has been created by the
ployment with the C. & A. company. j young school girls that are putting it
His family is in Tucson but will move j on in great big gobs. Their appearance
here as soon as he can find a house. on the streets, in the past few weeks
TROUBLE AT JOHNSON.
According to a report reaching here
last evening from parties who came
in on the train, there is trouble at the .
Johnsoicamp among the Mexican
miners who have gone out on a strike, j
The report could not be verified last j
night on account of there being phone j
trouble..
I
ON REGULAR TRIP. .
Sam Kirchner, the cigar drummer, is
spending a few days in the district in
the interests of his firm, the M. A.
Gunst company of Los Angeles. Sam ;
has been making Arizona for a nu:n-
ber of years and is wU known. i
POLICE COURT FINES. '
The report of City Police Court Mag-
istrate Hogan filed with the city dads
yesterday shows that the police offic
ers during the month of September
made ninety-nine arrests and that
there was collected the sum cf fS52
in fines.
RETURNS FROM COLORADO. '
Mrs Grace Mclner has returned j
from Colorado ipnr.gs where sne nasi
been for tlie pest year. Mrs. Melnerj
is well known in tue "vVarren district
and her many friends are pleased to
see her return here, where she ex
pects to locate.
QUESTIONNAIRES MAILED.
The local board has completed the
mailing of questionnaires to all be
tween the ages of 19 and 36. except
British subjects. The questiC.maires
were mailed to the permanent ad
dresses of the registrants, as shovrfn
on the registration cards.
FUNERAL IS HELD.
The first military funeral to be held
in the Warren district was that of
Carl Axel Carlson, who was buried
Sunday afternoon from the residence
of Mrs. M. J. Cosgrove of Warren, sis
ter of the deceased. The deceased was
of Company E. 127th Machine gun bat
talion, stationed at Camp Dix, N. J.,
from where his body was shipped. The
services were conducted by Lieutenant
Geiger of the United States Guards,
today LYMC THEATER today
CONTINUOUS, 1 to 11 P. M.
McClure Presents Geo. Lane Tucker's
EXQUISITE RENDITION OF EDEN UPPENCOTTS
FAMOUS NOVEL
66TC IT Tnn fl JT
ivii
BALCONY: , 10c; LOWER
stationed at Lowell. The pall bearers
' were. Sgts. McNelley. Amey, O'Leary,
j Kelso and Corporal Thomas. Serg
! eaut O'Neil accompanied the remains
1 from Camp Dix.
TIME CHANGES OCT. 27.
I Many people seem to be under the
j Imprt-ssiou thct tlie clocks are to b?
! fined back an hour this week. The
time, however, will not be changed un
1 til the la-it Sunday in October. On
Sunday, the 27th, at 2 a. m.. the hour
ihands'of clocks all over the United
States will be turned back to 1 o'clock.
BAND OF GYPSIES.
band of Gypsies, the kin that
niakes themselves a general nuisance
abcut the city and obtain money by ali
i-enns. stopped off in Bisbee yester-
' day and were making themselves pen
erally disagreeable about the city. No
doubt they will net be allowed to roost
long here.
MEETING HELD TOMORROW.
Mrs. M. E. Frantzen requests that all
women who are able to spend a short
time in order -to help make searrel
dressings will kindly meet at '.he
A. F. F. Y. work room in the Gar
fkld school, tomorrow between the
hours of 10 in the morning and 4
o'clock in the afternoon.
REQUISITIONS FOR NAVY.
No requisitions will be made on the
local draft boards for men for the
navv until after Oct. 1, according to a
i communication received by Postmarv
' ter F. R. Bailey from the San f"fancl3-
ca naval recruiting office
lull in-
structions will soon be received by lo-
cal boards concernning these reouisi
tions, which in the future iii st;.ply
men needed for the naval arm.
new LOT ARRIVES,
The Coco Cola fiends in Bisbee are
aeain wearing a pleasant smile. The
local soft drink stands yesterday re-
ceived a new supply of the "dope"
and they can now secure their usual
"shot in the arm" every morning and
evening.
There has been a shortage
here for several weeks
and some
places were out entirely.
ORDERED EXTRA SUPPLY.
The local drug stores have placed an
extra order with eastern wholesale
houses for all the latest kinds of paints
with their faces all painted and pow
dered is causing no end of comment.
"ONION CASE" TODAY,
The case of L. G. Moore against the
Buxton-Smith company of Bisbee,
known locally as the "onion case," was
up yesterday in the Tucson court of
justice Oscar Pease for hearing on
its merits after running the gauntlet
of much preliminary procedure. It
has been before the local superior
court twice and has been remanded to
the justice court each time, but not
cn the contention that the justice
court is without jurisdiction to try the
case,
iSHELTON DEPUTY MARSHAL.
Patrolman Mason E. Sholton. for-
Patrolman Mason E. Sholton,
mery of the police department of this
city, has been appointed a deputy unit'
ed States marshal with headquarters
in Tucson. The Tucson office of the
marshal will be in charge of Deputy
Marshal James Treahey. The appoint
ment is effective today. Shelton has
been one of the most active members
tha Jnmrtmsnt nnH liaa frpnnentlv
jrjven valuable assistance to federal
officers,
to JEROME.
C. A. Mitke and wife left Monday
for Jerome, where they expect to be
located for the next few weeks. Mr.
Mitke was called there to combat un
derground fire that have started in
the United Verde. Mr. Mitke is an ex
pert in that line and is kept busy in
different parts of the state in that line
of work. He is called upon by all the
big companies. He makes his head
quarters here when he has a short
rest.
BREAKS SHOULDER BLADE.
Advices were received here yester
day that John Slaughter, the pioneer
cattleman whose ranch is at San Ber
i nardino about fifteen miles east of
Douglas, was thrown from his hor3e
! on Monday and suffered a broken
shoulder blade. He was taken to
I Douglas where he is now resting
i easily. Mr. Slaughter has been in the
cattle business for over thirty-five
years in Arizona and was one of the
a i ii ji
THE SWEETEST STORY EVER TOLD
Starring
ELIZABETH RISDON
SID CHAPLIN in an uproariously funny comedy
"HIS WINNING WAY"
"THE SCREEN TELEGRAM"
PATRIOTS BUY BONDS OTHERS MAKE EXCUSES
FLOOR, 15c; RESERVED
LLUUL5 WAR 1AA
early sheriffs of the county. He has
the reputation of being a good rider
even at his age of life and the horse
caught him nappins. It is said tnat an
auto drove up behind him and the
horse jumped, unseating .Mr. Slaughtei
and before he could regain his sent
was thrown off by another jump of
the horse. His many friends in Co
chise county hope lor his early recovery.
BRITISH SUBJECTC.
The Cochise county local board has
issue-d t ie following notice coiiet ru
in British subjects who have regis
tered under the American selective
service act: "Those who have regU
tercd us'liritlsli subjeU; cm eiui-t
with Utiief the F.riti.ih or Canadian
forces un to and including Oct. 12
1918. After this date (Oct. 12) they
, will be liable for military service un
S der the selective service laws of the
United States. For full informatiou
in retr.rd to this apply to the British
jand Canadian recruiting mission. 203
I.Varket street. Sin Francisco."
CONTRACTOR HERE.
R. Toohey. one of the members of
To.!'.ey Brothers, contractors, who
hav; the contract for grading the
Tombstone-Benson highway as far as
Curtis Flate. arrived in l:isbe2 yes
terday and has established his camp
on this side of Curtis Flat and began:
turning dirt today. Mr. Toohey esti
mates that it will take about four
month3 to complete the grade begin
ning at Curtis Flat to the Tombstone
city limits.
GOES TO EL PASO.
G. L. Burt, who for the past six
months has been acting as advertis
ing manager of the Bisbee Heview, has
resigned and gone to El Paso, where
he has accepted the position as adevr
tising man on the El Paso .Morning
Times. While here Mr. Burt made
many friends who wish him well in
his new position. It is not new to him,
however, as he came from the Time.-t
to the Review and has gone back to
his first love. Mrs. Burt and son are
still residing at Warren, but expect
to move to El Paso in, the near future.
LETTER FROM FRANCE.
K. Ragenovich has received a letter
frcm his brother. Corporal Sam Rag
enovich, who has recently arrived in
France, stating that he and the rest
of the boys are well and have always
plenty to do to keep them busy. He
also gave an interesting account of his
trip across and the beauty of the
French villages, which have impress
ed him. He likewise spoke of the
extreme kindness shown to our boys
"over there" by the French peopla.
fam concluded his letter by saying
that he wishes to be .remembered to
his many friends in the Warren dis
trict, and would be very mucii pleased
to hear from them occasionally.
ONE DOLLAR PER.
The United States railroad admin
istration has declared that, effective
Tuesday, $1 per meal will be clia'.-ged
on sll dining cars throughout the
country. Meals of four courses will
be served table d'hote. On a few' limf
ited trains $1.25 will be charged. None
of those trains pass through or leave
Osborn. Breakfasts will he a la
carte. The meals will be standardized
with such variety as local markets
permit. They will be within reach
of the ordinary purse and wi 1 he sim
ple and wholesome. The railroad ad
ministration is also considering the
conservation of food in bringing this
new policy into effect.
EXAMINE APPLICANTS
Thirty-eight applicants for the offi
cers' training camp at Loen Springs,
Texas, scheduled to be opened today,
haev been examined by Dr. F. W. Ran
dall at Douglas, as follows: Macon
William Eley. Louis Dest Kuykendall,
George W. F. Heiniger. Ernest Wil
liam Ray, James William White. Wal
ter Henry Mieseher. Walter Esli Pin-
. ney, Benjamin uson. George L..
Shannon. Harry Albert Hayes, Arthur
Everet Branham, Hugh E. Whitman,
Ferber Franklin Best, Warren Norris,
Joseph C. B. Amos, Arthur O. Johnson,
Eugene L. Stewart. William Albeit.
Ralph Coughlan. William Green Rer.
gan, Ralph Henry Oliver, V. Lea Aar-
rn;, '-; (.V-1 Hurrw .lr.lin Cnr-
(111, V 1 1 ' ' 1 ,,l,p,u ...... a., " "
Imtt inconh Hnrve Morenn. Forrest
I Lee Haworth, Earl Adair Hemphill.
Max Macbeth Mandell, Amando Rotao
Theodosio. Frank Royal Sweeney,
, Cicero Henry Martin. Graves William
! O'Reilly, Anthony Russell Malone,
! William Eugene Brooks, Thomas G.
Travis. Clarence B. Goudy. Warren
I Pilcher, E. C. Piper.
SEATS, 25c THIS IN
17 ? ir"!99
GREENWAY 1
REGARDING
BATTLES iff FRANCE
Paul Stevens Receives Letter
and Cablegram from the
Litr tenant Colonel Contair.
ir.g Interesting News
I'a.il Stevens of Warren has re
. e.ea a let;cr lroni Lie ii. Col. JuNn
C (Jiccnway, written o;i the iilst Jt
August, fhii-u gives some imerrsti.ig
data in regard to lue tiy.ht .'.g thai
is now going on there, and recitas
sc.m.i of the experiences thit Cre;-n-w.-.y
is going through. Since the let
tr was urine.) ty .ir. ortiuiiy, Mr.
j-'.ew.is has r-A-eived a cablegram
dat.-..l t-'eni. I'J, wh eh stated that he
and Bi.l Davidson were in tiie buttle
at Si. Millie), adding "Uie.'.t vicfiry.
Weil!"
T.'i,, letter which Mr. Stevens re
ceived is as follows:'
SOMKWHKHE IN FRANCE, Aug.
21, 1'JIS. "Much has transpired since
I wrote you. We have smashed back
the Chateau-Thierry salient (in thJ
secend battle of the Marne) and large
ly driven back the Boche on the
Amiens salient and for the moment
. t least have taken the offensive away
irom him. A little personal history:
After landiir.4 in France, almost ten
uionths a'jo, I put In four months on
;i:e general staif G IV. (Co-ordination
Stat:o:i). 1 was glad at first because
it. gave me an opportunity to Ret the
under'.yins f is and to learn w hat the
A. E. F. was attempting to do, and
how it was attempting to do It. But
1 soon longed t-j get to the front. It
seemed hopeless until one day Gen
eral Pershiiig came along and I was
introduced to him. and he H3ked ine
if I was from Bisbee, and then said:
You want to go to the front, don't
you?' I told him that I did.
"He assigned me to the First engi
neers. When 1 reported to this or
ganization I found I was ranked by
three West I oint majors. When i
found I was not to get a battalion t
asked for the command of a company
and got it. After six weeks' service
on the Amiens front I was transferred
to the lOlt engineers and got a bat
talion. I served on the Toul front and
was in the Chateau-Thierry fight (see
cond battle of the Marne), my battal
ii n fiftl ting 83 infantry. After that
light Cue commanding officer recom
the infautrv.and I am now a lieutenant
and I got it. He sked me to enter
the infantry, and I am now alieutenant
colon 1 cf infantry in a regiment of
this same division. "
"Have hd a number of close cails,
hut am still intact. I. B. Joralemon
s tr; ining for the. bombing air service
-I'd ticim: well, as we all Uiipw he
would. Saw Louis Douglas and he is
very well, nill DaviJ;on is out of
the hospital.
"Rev'srds to all the boys.
"(Sied) JNO. C. GREENWAY."
NAMES OF COCHISE
CO. REGISTRANTS
DRAWNMONDAY
OF THE FIRST HUNDRED NUM
BERS DRAWN SIXTY-FOUR AP
PLY TO COCHISE COUNTY OTH
ER LISTS WILL BE FU3LISHED
A3 THEY ARE RECEIVED
With the receipt yesterday of the
iirst 100 names drawn at Washington
these vvi:o were drawn from the Co
i hise registration Were taken off yes
:erdjy at the office of the local board.
Since the registration in Cochise was
;1215. nn'.y numbers up to that itgure
would apply to this county, hence out
' !v e " n drawn 6- rovered the Co
chise figures as follows:
, ; . e- : o. Serial No.
1 John T. Clement. Hisbee 322
2 Caesar Haravey, Douglas "277
3 Alfred J. lia'mforth. Warren. .C7'iS
4 Th-mas Mr-Grath. Uisbee 1026
5 Charles Coots, Pearce 836ii
6 Jesus Fncinas. Douglas 53rti
7 Harry Selchaw. Bisbee 16T7
8 Gi:st:iv C. Oakland, D.mglas ...712;
9 Rkhard K. ISorden, l!!sbee.
i'i K:rt'ot v. Martin. Warren.
.L'TSl
.6H7
11 John B. Donohoe. Bisbee 43$
. 2 .lenara Ledesnia. Bisbee 904
"3 H'.rry A Bowdish, Lowell 1523
14 Edward H. Luse. Douglas 7512
15 John K. Conley, Warren 63t0
Francisco Ahinar, i.ovve'.l 37.
17 Andrew I. Lofgreen. Pomerene CStO
18 Charles Meyer. Bisbe 3Si'S
19 ?a;alora Gomez. Bisbee 1240
20 Miguel Grado. Bisbee 1907
21 Jesse N. Statler. C.lendale ....6593
22 i:r;stus O. Kelly, I)iiglas 5911
23 Jose Felez. Pirtlevi'le 3073
24 John Miller, Rodeo. N. M 20
25 Itaptiste Giachetto, Gleeson . . . 6S57
26 11 diert L. Swoope. Bisbee 1'255
"7 rli-rl-' Merrill, Bisbee 2132
28 Victor C. Fusselman, Douglas. .323".
-' .inhn J. Ouil'. Bisbee 739
30 Eliza Conde. Fairbank GS0:1
31 Juan D. Hernandez. Douglas .
32 Wcente Vega. Cochise S"772
33 Arthur Weeks. Douuhis 703J
"4 James E. Kenney, Bisbee .... 535
35 Manuel Chavez. Johnson SC?1
36 C;.rl D. Hooker, Wlllrox SS5S
37 Fnriciiio Pereda. Bisbee 219
38 Frnnlc 1,. Jone ('ananea, Soii.42S7
39 Win. Keuhn. Bisbee 625
in B':isojp c. Pavlovich, Bisbee.. 72
41 Manuel Doniliignrz. Blslxe .
42 Francisco Chavez. Bisbee . . .
43 Pedro Billi-steros. Johnson..
S32
.. 964
. .8637
. .2897
. ..7S3I
..4723
..4327
41 Leo Wombles, Bisbee
15 Mrritm O. IMiidell. Webb..
16 George M. Moore, Douglas .
Ygnncin h. Reyes, Iouchis.
4S Jos. Ambromovic, Lowell 3505
B CENTRAL
,8 TODAY
I
fku J 1 J.
1 ; v i i
r a
iLi&ii2zJj
DQRQTdY DALTONU'RatUpjaJ
HAROLD LLOYD
ADMISSION:
EAGLE
TODAY-
WlVL S
wf-JM Im Mm
kStg 'jar '
MUTT and JEFF COiEDY -and-
Admission: Children, 10c; Adults, 15c;
George E. Elliott. Bisbee
Jesus Frevii'.o. Douglas
Mauricio Mendoza, Bernardino
Rafael Go'i.ales. Douglas
James W. Crig. Willcox
Matilde Luao. Bisbee
Jose Aleta. Douglas
Wm. Doug'as. Bisbee
Wt -le H. Laden. Pearce
Oliver II. Kinsley. Bisbee
Car'os Val.iez. Douglas
Oliver G. Piper, Bisbe
David L. Lewis. Lowell
Wm. Kelly. Carres
Howell C. Arnold, Douglas
IVdro A. Ortiz. Cieeson
348
7234
4
44S2
9022
1961
4-J6
134
$317
395
5240
657
3541
Si) 55
6 i 1 7
7352
The sacrifice of the American home,
addd to the efforts of the American
farmer, have removed fear from the
minds of our allies, for this year, a-:
least.
Business Locals
NOTICE TO MINERS AND OTHERS
I have bought the cigar stand in the
English Kitchen and will seii cigars
and tobacco, etc, at all hours day or
night.
10i WM. TRUAX. SR. .
ROCKHILL'9 STAGE
Blshee-Tombstone. Leaves Btebeo
Bisbee Auto Co., 1 . m, 1:30 p. m. 1
Phone Bljbee 6. AdT.
CARD OF THANKS
We wish to express our heartfelt
thankg to our neighbors and friends
for their aid and sympathy extended
to us In "the burial of our beloved
brother. We also desire to extend our
thanks to Lt. Geiger and soldiers and
also the C. & A. band, also for the
beautiful flowers.
MR. AND MRS. M. J. COSGROVE.
OSCAR A. CARLSON.
FRED G. CARLSON. S04
Painter and Paper Hanging
C. J. BRANDT
Box 150 Phone 456
DAIRYSTOCK
For Sale
29 head choice milch cows
HOLSTEIN
They can be seen at the Warren
ranch, 2 miles south of Bisbee. Mr.
Holmes, living cn the ranch, will
show the stock to anyone interested.
Call or phone 145. 490
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as nn In
dependent candidate for the office of
if!
Continuous, G:45to 11
THOS. H.
Dorothy Dalton
of FLAME OF THE YUKON Fame
as THE DANCE HALL GIRL in
0 k Jl P
i STCRY OF WILD ROMANCE OF THE '49 GOLD
FIELDS
COMEDY
Continuous, 1 to 11
THEATER
THOS. H. INCE PRESENTS
as YUKON ED in
fe? S
A Startling MelcoVama of the Northland
LOVE, ADVENTURE AND EXCITEMENT!
v i
12
FORMERLY ORPHEUM
Continuous frcm 1 :C0 to 11:C0 p. m.
T-O-B-A-Y
TRIANGLE FILM CORP. PRESt-NTS
GLORIA SWANSON
n
SHE CONQUERS A GREAT TEMPTATION
and
MISS BILLIE RHODES
in a delightful little comedy
"What the Wind Did"
Admission: Balcony, 5c; Lower Floor, 10c;
Including War Tax
Everything New OPPOSITE
U. S. A. HOTEL j
The Most Centrally Located Hotel In Bisbee. Phone Green 46C i
ROOMS L'Y DAY. WEEK OR MONTH J
sheriff of Cochise county, subject to
the will of the voters at the fall elec
tion, to be held on November the Mh.
1918.
FRANK BRIGGS.
I promise if elected an efficient and
Impartial administration. 75
Phone 6G0, day or night, for Dr. A. J.
Douthitt. 671
Dr. Playffttr, Osteoparo. 9 Mao
Hill. Mason car stop. Phon Blue 47
Adv 211
Neat patterns and excellent ma
terials will be found in the 20 men's
LL.&&I
TODAY
INCE, Presents
T'
111!
15 and 25c
TODAY
& n s ? 'i
2i 21 j?
RTi is a ft a
PATHE WEEKLY
Reserved, 25c
ieater
-in-
mmm"
DEPOT Everything Firt C'as f
i dress shirts that we are putting on
I si'.le Saturday at $143. Kcbcy's. op
' posite postotfice. 62
L. U Oilman sells ttie Nw KrtlsOD.
j 'the phonoirraph with uL
! DANCING
! Dancing every Monday and Friday
evening at Pythian hall on O. K. street.
! Lucky spot dancing and prize waltt
652 MRS. SALES.
I C A. Band Dance. Warren ParV.
Wednesday and Saturday. Admrcla
ion fO cents. Ladles tree. Adv. 744
SSI
RT
31
i in
ft
1