TWO SECTIONS
Fourteen Pages
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL, 20, No. 306.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 2, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
AMERICAN TROOPS FORMER RESIDENTS
VITAL FACTOR IN!0F DISTRICT MOST
GREAT WORLD WAR SERVE JAIL TERMS
j .
May Hold Balance Between i August Sanberg and G. W.
Defeat and Victory, Says;
British General; Retain
Cantigny Positions
(By Review Leased VTi.-e)
WASHINGTON. June 1. American
troops have become a vital factor in
the great battle in France and may
hold the balance betwen defeat and
victory. General Bridges of a special
British military mission to the United
States said here tonight In discussing
the renewal of the German driv.
The objectives now before the ;r
maiis the general said, appear to be
throe-fold the capture of Paris, the di
vision of the main allied armies by
an advance through Amiens and the
capture of the channel porta.
Factors Aiding Germans
In concealing their preparations so'
as to make a surprise attack General
Ti ride ps said, the Germans were aid
ed probably by four factors: their
6ystem, the proximity of woods to their
first objective where large numbers
t tmnna aaiiIiI ha nnnrpnlpd anil thrt!
f,. ..,,., J,..)
fact that this front tongue had been
organized for attack.
While now ona narrow and danger
ous salient, said the General, the Ger
mans will be in a favorable position
for advance on Paris should they be
successful in pushing out the west leg
of the salient and poining it up with
the Amiens salient. That, he said, ap
peared t obe their intention as they
could be expected to call a halt at the
Marne.
Two Possibilities
The allies must now be prepared
either to see the offensive resumed
in the north, continued General
Bridges, or else see German divisions
from the north sent down to exploit
the new success. The battle, he add-'
ed. Is likely to continue for weeks ana
will become a long drawn out iruggle
of manpower with the first duty of
tiie allies to husband their tesources
by giving ground for men where pos
sible. SITUATION SERIOUS
WASHINGTON. June 1. Members
of the senate military committee were
told by General March, chief of staff,
that opinion heer is that the Germars
have reached their present objective
the Marne and that they now proo
ebly will dig in and prepare for a
later drive, perhaps Paris. With the
Germans within 43 miles of Paris, the
Mt nation, the senators were told, is
serious.
Present enemy successes and pros
pective renewal of the offensive, the (
senators were informed, empnasizd
the necessity for urgent transporta
tion of American forces abroad. The
schedule of shipment of men in M.iy
was exceeded, the senators were told.
More than 200,000 Americans were
sent
In June it is planned to send j
even larger numbers.
RETAIN CANTIGNY zone around the fort. F. G. Muller.
WASHINGTON, June 1. After sev-j another German, was interned for rail
era! repulses the Germans apparently j tire to register as an enemy alien,
have abandoned, temporarily at least, William Stein was placed on trial in
their eforts to retake the ground cap-1 the county court today on a charge
tured by the Americans at Cantlgny
General Pershing's communique for to
day, issued tonight at the war depart
ment said the days was quiet at all
points occupied by the American
troops. The shooting down of another
hastile airplane is reported.
AIRMEN DOWN BOCHES
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
FRANCE, June 1. Aside from aerial
activity in the Toul sector, the reports
from the various fronts In which Amer
icans are stationed indicate that there
(Continued on Page Three)
PRAGER DEFENDANTS FREED
(By Review I-nsed Wire)
EDWARDS VI LLE. Ills.. June 1.
The eleven men who were
charged with murder in connec
tion with the lynching of Robert
Paul Prager, enemy alien, were
acquitted by a jury this afternoon
which deliberated but 43 minutes.
MISS LUSK MAY BE INSANE
(Hy Review Leaned Wire)
WAUKESHA W, Wis., June 1
As Grace Lusk, convicted of the
murder cf Mrs. David Roberts,
still continued to rave in her cejl.
Prosecutor D. S. Tullar late today
consulted Judge Lueck by tele
BASEBALL DESPITE HANDICAP
SAN FRANCISCO. June 1. The
Pacific coast league will play out
its schedule in spite of increased
railroad fares and other war con
ditions in prospect at present, it
was announced today after a meet
Strode Sentenced, Beth to
Two Years in Prison on
Sedition Charges
(Ry Review 1 .cased Wire) ,
TUCSON, Ariz., June 1. August
Sandberg, a native of Sweden, former
consulting metallurgical chemist for
the Phelps Dodge corporation, at
Douslas, was sentenced to" serve two
years in the Leavenworth penitentiary J
and fined $."fiO bv Judge V. H. Saw-
' telle ol the United States distri-jt
! court today following liis conviction on
j a charge of violating the espionage
I act by justifying ihe sinking of th;
Lusitania and making insulting refi-r-
ences to the president.
Eisbee Man Sentenced
G. W. Strode, a Bisbee street can.
conductor, was sentenced to two yars
at Leavenworth for similar utterance.
Peter Perruchon and Thomas .Mart
inez, self-confessed anarchists, were
pre-j"'"1 sentence of two years each
fine of t'i00 for violating the
espionage act, by circulating anarchist
propaganda.
Frank Von Millar, convicted of ini-
personating an army officer, was sen
tenced to serve a year and a dav in
prison.
WOMAN GIVEN TEN YEARS
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. June 1. A
sentence of ten years in the Missouri
penitentiary was imposed today in
federal court here upon Mrs. Hose
Jastor Stokes, of New York, socialist
and self-styled internationalist," as a
result of ber conviction May 23, charg-1
ing violation of the espionage act. I
Seymour Stednian, attorney for Mrs.
stokes, gave notice of an appeal to th
United States circuit court of appeals
and Judge Arbas Van Vlankburgli
granted the defense sixty days in
which to file its bill of exceptions.
The iudse also continued Mrs Stoke' !
.AV.irvV UUIIU " 1 H 11 1 1 1 1 .1 . k IIIDI Dil
Ml retain her liberty until the case is
finally ruled upon b- th Hjer c:i;'..
Guilty on Three Counts
Mrs. Stokes was found guilty on
thre counts of the indictment and the
court Imposed a sentence of ten years
on each count to run consevutively.
The Missouri penitentiary was chosen
because the federal prison at Leaven
worth. Kansas, has not accomodations
for women.
Mrs. Stokes 4onicht declined to com
ment upon the sentence. She will re
turn to New York tomorrow.
In a statement to the court before
sentence was pronounced, Mrs. Stokes
said that she had assumed it was "her
privilege to approve or criticise any
of the war aims of the government."
and she reeoenized the cause of Amer
ica's entrance into the war and had at
no time opposed the war.
SEVERAL INTERNED
EL PASO. Texas. June 1. lT. L.
Ackerman and Henrv Rauder. Gen-
mans, were interned at Fort I'.liss late
i today on a presidential warrant charg
ing them with entering the prohibited
of violating the state loyalty act. Ho
was alleeed to have a larse framed
picture of the kaiser and a German
flag and pennant in his possession.
BELGIANS EXECUTED
fKv Review I-Hsed Wire)
WASHINGTON. June 1. A cable
gram received at the Belgian legation
said that 18 Belgians confined in the
fortress of Vieux Dieu, had been shot
It also said that Abbe Englebert. rec
tor of Comblain Au Pont and Alder-
man Strauss of Antwerp, had been de
ported to Germany.
Two ballots were taken.
Announcement that all of the
defendants had been found not
euPty was attended by a wild
demonstration in the court room
!r. which tne accused men were
overwnelmed with congratula
tion s.
phone as to the advisability of a
lunacy commission before the date
is set for her sentence. Roth, it
is understood, agree that her con
dition mutst be examined Into by
experts before further steps are
taken.
Ing of the directors here.
H. W. Lane, president of the
Salt Lake City club, said that
nothing hut the most extreme
necessity would cause any change
in the schedule for that city.
SOLDIERS DEMONSTRATE HOW THEY'LL
At a lawn fete, held at Fort Hamilton, N. Y., the 19th coast artillery furnished thr"l? for the Eueoi3 w'.Va
a rcaliftic demonstration of the manner'in which they will tipht the Hun. With the aid of automatic iurr.m;?i.
dressed to resemble German soldiers the boys staped eeveral "trench raids," and the vim und .snap they ex
hibited in their attacks on the inanimate enemy augurs ill for the cohorts of the kaijer when they meet on
the L&ttk'ficids of France.
WHITE HOUSE WOOL
ill VISITS WITH
LW.W. IN PRISON
Seoial to Tile Review)
PRESCOTT. Ariz., June 1. Gover
nor Hunt stopped off at Prescott to
day on his way home from Kingman.
His first act was to call at the coun
ty jail and ask Sheriff Young for per
mission to talk with G. N. Nickel, a
convicted I. W. W., now serving time
here on a federal charge of making
seditious threats and utterances.Nic
kle and Hunt held a long conversation.
Nickle was arrested in Kingman,
Arizona, in Matyh of this year. In the
United States court he confessed that
he had publicly expressed the hope
that none of the American troopers
would reach France alive.
The governor also called on Mickey
Scanlon, leader of the Jerome Wolv
blies, in jail here facing the federal
charge of possessing explosives with
out the United States explosives li
cense. Anti-Sabotage
. Bill Registers
Tone of Senate
FHOENIX, June 1. The six sena
tors of the state administration wing
today voted to indefinitely postpone
Campbell's anti-sabotage bill. They
were Colter. Winsor. Whipple, Mattox,
Roberts and Kinney. Colter later
changed his vote. '
Campbell rose to remark that he had
no respect for anyone who would try
to starve the boys on the other side
and that adverse votes did not look
to him like good Americanism.
Winsor protested that patriotism
might reside with persons who dis-
i aereed
I "You may wear the coat if it fits."
jretotred Campbell
Campbell wanted to make the pun
ishment provided in the bill without
possibility of pardon. The suggestion
possibly was aimed at the present ad
ministration, for Sutter added:
"Otherwise they might be pardoned
and given a good state job."
The act. which provides stiff pen
alty rof arson or other destruction of
property or foodstuffs in crop gath
ering, was made applicable to all wars.
Kill Two Measures
i In the house the Eddy measure gv
! ing the legislature power to enforce
contempt proceedings against news
papers falsely and maliciously report
ing its sessiens. and the Vaughn bill i
anvancing tne naie or primary nonnna- tnPV handled the purchase throueh the
tion closing to reach soldiers In j npA rrops headquarters ,, Washing
Europe, were reported back adversely ( ton was a,,vll,pd that ,ho ,,is.
as outside, the call. New blls in theitrlrf no( carp tf) nave anv (lPaiiuR(1
House provice ior tne Americanism oi
aliens and give credit to Arizona na
tional guardsmen now in the service.
ENGLAND HONORS WILSON
nv Review T .eased Wire) '
CAMBRIDGE. England. -- The de
gree of Doctor of Laws of Cambridge
University was conferred on President
Wilson through the secretary of the
American embassy, Irwin 11. Laughlin i
! "
s . riur i
Rehearsing the scene railed "sticking Fritz.'
A real similarity between a woolen
undeishirt and the White House wool !
purchased for $3505 by the Warren j
district syndicate in the recent Red j
Cross drive, was discovered when the j
wool, sent from The office of the gov-i
ernor. arn'v an j" District
Commercial club yesterday.
The wool had shrunk. The syndi
catet had purchased J3305 worth oi
clippings two pounds. One and one-'
. . -At th it i
third pounds arrived irom tne capitol.
Just like that woolen undershirt." It
went to the laundry a nice fit. When
it came home. John Doe, Jr.. began
wearing it as a castoff of John Doe.
Sr.
Where did that other three-quarters
pound go? That's where the similar
ity between the White House wool nni
the undershirt eim. When the shirt
came home its weight was unchanged
the molecules had just grown closer
together.
.. . . .
. --'
cannot solve the puzzle. All they know
is me wool was seni irom SiuuBu .
to Covernor Hunt at Phoenix, who, in j
turn, was instructed to deliver it toi
Bisbee after the syndicate had bid
$3305, seventy times the governor's
bid, to secure it.
What became of that other three-
quarters pound?
No one would ever presume that
President Wilson or the Red Cross
would short measure this state.
No one could be so harsh as to be -
lieve mail clerks or others handling
the wool in transit wtmld rifle the pack
age. A law forbids this.
No one would even hint that tu
wool might have spilled out in ship
ment; it was securely packed.
No one could hint with j-ilUice thr.t
someone, perhaps in Phoenix or in the must be held in jail so long,
state house, retained a few shreds of Oraanized Slunainp Committee
the wool as a bouvenir. The governor T.ater Ingar. according to wre
and his secretarv are too honest to ! spondenee went to Pennsylvania to
stoop to this degree, nomatter how
keen they might be in their souvenir
hunting. Others who 'handled the
wool in Phoenix would not commit
such a crime since they were acting
in a capacity of trust.
But, where did it go? Water might
have spilled on it and shrunk It in
size; but not in weieht. Some error
may have been committed in notifying
! the state two pounds of wool had been
shipped; but other state received their
two nou nils In full measure.
CitiTti;? of the Warren district can
offer hut one solution to the puzzle
Vengeance entered into the rape of
the Red Cross wool, thev believe. They
are certain that someone with a
prattle sea'nst the purchasers nurpose
lv withheld or withdrew $11S5 worth
of their precious clippings.
Thev are at s loss as to whi might
have perpetrated the vengeance. Since
,vh fh covorllor. and since thev r.--
ouested that thev be permitted to pav
I
for the wool directly in Washington,
thev cmnoi -jnderst?nd whv anyone
should hold such a smug? aeainst
them.
Where, then, was the cause for ihis
vongeful robbery? Mystery siirrouinH
the entire ease
Still remains the similarity between
the wool and the shirt both shrunk.
FIGHT THE IIUX
V
i St
r- iU . Afi4.
SHRINKS
UNWRITTEN LW.W.
LAWS DISCOVERED
j tnent. j that town a violent enemy atta k.
Situation Obscure supported bv tanks, drove us nionien-
CHICAGO. June 1. Another of the; Near the Marne in the vicinity of tarily from Fort Ponipelle on the raii
unwritten laws of the Industrial Work-1 Chateau Thierrr. an important rail-1 road but an immediate counter-attack
er!i of the World, one which provided wav point on the river, the situation
'',aL an organizer arrested on serious ,.is somewhat obscure, but the French
cnHrges shcuid disclaim connecMou ! apparently have a protecting line fir -
wjtn the organization, was brought to; ing northwest from the Marne at Char
light today in correspondence between teves. three and one-half miles north-' Aerial Activity
IDuvid Ingar and Wm. D. Haywood. ; east of Chateau Thierrv, and linking' .-Qn iay 3 aerial fighting ron
! read at the trial of 112 members ofiiin with their north and somb line ; tinned alone the battle front Our
the I. W. W. for violating the espion -
age act. (
This correspondence revealed the
policy of Haywod, general secretary
treasuier, in dealing with pailed mem
bers. the procedure being to ignore all
illegal suggestions and offer only con -
snuctive. carefully worded advice
I "Big Chief's" Letters
These letter Of the "bie chiet
defense counsel declare, will be an
I lmr.ort.int factor in the attemut to
defense counsel declare, will be an
important fa!.tor in the attempt to
I s,.ow hat .IVW00(1 and his Iieuten-
, dj . , di . nation-wide con
spiracy to unset America's war pro
gram.
Ignar's correspondence
with Hav -
wood, spanninc a two year period, re-
lated tales of disorders and violence
in Ohio and Pennsylvania and told of
Ignar's arrest in Young?tovn. Ohio,
i on a (haree of inciting riots, and start-
in fires immediately after the town
,0f .;ast Younsstown was partly wip'd
ou, hv f,rP. This fir- occurred early
in l!)lt;. during a striKe of steel woi-k
ers. which Ingar took credit fur ir -
ganizing. '
Ingar's daring letters to Havwood
while he was being held in jail pend-i
ing grand jury action, brought forth
such replies as "It is a shame you
aeitate strikes of steel workers. Thev
told of his activities about Farrell.
where be orcanized "a slugging com
mittee, which did its work very ef
fectively.' 'I would gladly serve a prison term
rather than to admit to the author
ise sthat I'm an I. W. W. and bring
(Continiieil on PjiRe Three)
ST. LOUIS ARSENAL BURNS
i l'y R.'Vt.'W I.e;iw.1 Wlrel
ST. LOUIS. June 1. Warehouse
No. L'3 of the United States ir
semtl. which, in all its buildings
bouse more than $t'.0'H).iOt wonh
of army equipment, caught fire
late tonight and at midnight ai
pears to he a total loss with all
its content. Firemen devoted
their attention to saving ad'acent
buildings.
As soon f.s the blaze started
Colonel Cl?rk. in charge of the
arsenal, threw a gi'urd of scl
diers around the enclosure and ex
cludrd all poisons not actively
engaged in i pinnacling the flames.
Information as to the cause of the
fire or its extent was withheld by
military officials. The police,
who assisted iu pressing back the
crowds, wit'.' not allcwed on the
MOSS HAMHERfRENCH OFFER
S01SS0NS SflUENTicypn
m mm iu rams
i Rush Up Three-Quarters Mil
Hon Men in Attempt Toi
j Crush Entente Resistance
Along River Marne
ff.y IJoview- I.eas:.t Wire
With their left- wing touching the
Marne aivl their right linking with the j
nil! lie imiu ui .mivu:i. ittv oeriuuiis iu
their new offensive are hammering the
allied line apparently1 with the hope of!
j crushing in the Soissons salient and office announcement tonight. Th-a
: opening up the way to Paris by way of j French troops offered strong resistanc4
' the Marne and the Oise. They are re-; inflicting heavy losses on the enemy
: ported to be using well on toward I and giving ground only where they
three-quarters of a million men in this were opposed by over helming num
I effort. Ibers.
Although the enemy occupies the
northern bank of the Marne for a; 'The day was marked by i series
I stretch of a dozen miles east from the , f powerful attacks by the Germans
vicinity of Chateau Thierry, he seems '. along the whole front comprised be
I to have made no serious attemnt to ! ween the Oise and the Marne. Our
force a crossing, the onlv efforts in j troops, after alternate advances and
I this direction that have been reporte-1 1 withdrawals, have given no ground ex
being made in small force. These :nt beTorf forces superior in nnm
jwere victoriously repulsed bv ' the i ber- '""V'tos heavy sses on t.ie
i French. ' tnrmy.
I Main Trend Westward j Withdraw on Aisne
j The main trend of the enemy effort I "Between the Oise and the Ai-tne.
is westward and with this purpose I we withdrew our positions to the
seemingly fully developed Generp.l
Foch is disposine his forces to resist
it.. Alreadv the French seem to be in
considerable strength in the path of
the crown prince's drive west of the
Soissons road to Chateau Thierry.
The Germans at last reports had
succeeded in penetrating from
lid n half to nearlv fo.:r milea nt
points west of this road. Thev were
stored for the time being, at least.
. ru.i v. .-i t .i i
. 'idi'uu, iinr-tr ui:i-3 IMJI1I ill- rnrtu.
which the French first lost and then
re took in desnerate fiehting. and like -
wise before Choun and Naullv St.
Frcr.t. to the south. Just below Sois-
forced back c" the Crise river, which
runs on a north an.! south line
through that town. In the eneage-1
ments on this front several hundred
prisoners were taken bv the
rrenc.i
sn.i in tne hoissnns rigntmg especially
tne t.ennans sintered terrific punish-
i above the latter town which the Ger-
1 mands are stvor.glv threatenine-.
Rheims on the left of the German
advance is still In Allied hands. andiRiavely damaged. Enemy captive bal
in general there is little apparent ef- j loons weer harrassed without respite.
fort on the part of the Germans to en -
1 laree 1ier salient in this direction ex -
cept at its narrow edge, which thev
'are making some headwav in broad -
aiwm me .Maine. me line oe-
j ,we Rheims and the Marne takes
i general cours-e of the Dorman-
uneinis roau.
Mmericans in Battle Area
Paris military commentators report '
the masses of the allied reserves be- i
' sinning to take part in the action and
it develops tnat American troons ai -
' ready are in the battle area, stations!
at points whence their intervention
j will be easy when the time is consid-1
ered fnvorai.U. I
News irom the Italian 'rort reflects
the oninion that the lone expected ; FRANCE. June 1 (by I ne amwuiipi
Austrian-Hung:irian offensive is likelv , Press). The British made a minor at
to onen shortly. Italv is declared to : tack aeainst a portion of Aveiuy Wood
; be thoroughly in readiness and prob -
! ihly better off than ever in the way
; ' modern war material.
,
Review Lei..e1 wire)
rFRLIN (via London). June 1
South of the Oise." sav fhe officl il
report from German headquarters to- j adds to their discomfort and adds to
day. "southwest o; Chaunv the troops 1 the disadvantage of an attack wwi
of General Hcfimann and General Von ! ward up the slope toward Amiens.
Franto; threw the enemy out of j By attempting raids and maintalo
strong positions near Cuts and south, ing a harrassing artillery fire, th
of Blerancourt. I enemv is keeping uo at any rate a
"From the northern bank of the ! formal activity on the front between
Aisne. we advanced, amid violent loc il I Flanders and Montdidier in order to
fithtinT. as far as Nouvron and Fon-! keep the allied forces occupied.
lenoy.
"Desperate counter-attacks were d
(Continued on Page Three)
grounds.
A report
incendiary
that the fire was of
origin could not be
verified.
The police have taken into cus
tody an Austrian, an enemy alien,
who a frtund without hat and
coat within the stockade shortly
HUNS AVOID WORD 'AMERICAN'
PARIS. June 1. The avoidance
hy the Germons of the use of the
word "Americans" in the official
announcement of the loss of Can
tigny is widely commented upon in
the French press. The Intran
sigeant. for instance, after noting
that the communique mentioned
merely "the eneicv," as having
NG FRONT
TO HUN DRIVE
j Heavy Attacks Reported In
French Official Statement
Along Whole Line; Gain
Little Ground.
(Ry
Review Le.iseil Wire)
PARIS.
June 1. Heavy attacks by
the Germans are reported in the war
The text of the statement:
; northern outskirts of Carlepont Wood
t and on the heights west ot Audigaa
'court as far as Vontenoy.
"All the enemy attempts west a"i
south or Soissons. as
far north of
Vierzy were in vain."
"Further to the south, the battle has
a1 . . : t .
t linen on Luiiranrr ui pvriu urir
; violence or. Dotn smes or tne uurcn.
! The enemy is master of i'houy anl
I N"Hy-St.-Frort.
I "Our troops are maintaining the bat-
. . ,. ..-II . - ,
" "e " """" "-
' " -1 3'UU'"'Z."
i w e ,,old C2'a ,ea" .T"
i S'" r llJC'S,- m.
"On .the north bank of the Marne
the region of the road between D-ir-mans
and Rheitus we have maintained
mi. nn.iflnnK : 'it hi v nnrrh nf V'ilte-
1 En.TardPnois: notwithstanding the con-
, timmna nrovanrB nf the enetnv The
, Bi,llati(,n remain the same north
j northwest of Rheims. Southeast of
. by our troops regained the fort and re
: established our positions entirelv. We
1 took more than 200 prisoners and .our
t tanks.
jsjrnien attacked with the!r usual dash
! nf ene.nv aimlanes. twentv-three l
J which were brought down and fourtee-i
: heine forced freoueutlv to make land-
jinK. Their observation work has been
; considerably interferred with and six
: 0f them were destroyed. Our ob-
1 servers na e never rrnstru iu "
the enemy lines and send information
to the commanders concerning enemy
movements. They have carried our
reconnaissances day and night as far
as Vervins. Guise, Le Cateau and Har
son. "Finally In the "entire battle zone
; our escaanne uar u...m..t
against German troops on the marcn
inflicting serious tosses.
BRITISH CONDUCT RAIDS
WITH THE BRITISH ARM v IN
' early this morning. The attack ae
'them additional footing in tbat wooue'i
. tract beside the Ancre river,
The Germans have very litMe root".
tor mill power we.-l o. uir iki.
poslte the old Soinme battle neiu cnu
i the loss of any ground, however sncni.
Many German Raids
Every German raid has been ap-
(Continued on Page Three)
after the fire was discovered.
They have refused to divulge his
name. He Is said to reside in the
immediate vicinity of the arsenal.
The fire was declared to be un
der control at 12:30 o'clock. Loss
was confined to the to ware
houses and their contents.
occupied Cantigny. remarked that
"American" is a word the Ger
mans dislike to pronounce. "Amer
ica." comments the newspaper, "is
the great menace they are seektne
to avoid. We, seeing the effect
of the word on the Germans, ral
ly loser around the word America." TWO
THE UlSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 2, 1918.
i:?M:ifljr;iii;WrTA'!iiyima
mm J&
7 l.f
Afou; Being Shown for the First Time
50'
Attractive New
HATS
$4.95
This is indeed a remarkable showing of new models in all white
Milans, every desirable shape, small medium or large. Some are trim
med with field flowers ; other have ribbon bows and fancy crepe cov
ered brims, or transparent flanges, and there are still others trimmed
with a saucy quill or wing. This is positively the first appearance for
these new hats, and without exception is one of the best values we
have ever offered. There are all wanted sizes and styles of shape, and
the low price is sure to please every one who sees them. Come in
Monday.
;'-- .
r J-1 y
IN
Our Complete
Corset Dept.
Every well wressed woman knows that a
properly fitted corset is absolutely essential, if
she would be in style and have her gown fit
sfiugly and according to. 'the dictates of
fashion.
We are now showing the latest and best
models of the famous Bon Ton and Royal
Worcester makes. The many and ipdi
vidual features which tend to style and com
fort are too numerous to mention. Every
customer has the personal attention of our ex
pert corsetiers, which assures you a perfect
fit, comfort and satisfaction, otherwise not to
be obtained ; these famous models priced from
$1.50 to $10.00.
Women's Shetland Sweaters $4.95
. This assortment offers all wanted sizes to 44, well worth $7.50
to $8.50, all wool Shetland Sweaters for women, in'the much wanted
slip-over styles with sleeves ; some have self collars and others have at
tractive collars and cuffs of angora or brushed wool, of contrasting or
colors to harmonize; the'color range is turquoise, khaki, pink, brass
coral, rose, salmon, Nile greehr apple green, maize, copen, westeria anfcl
purple.
We are also showing a sleeveless model in slip-on all-wool sweaters
for women. There is a large and varied assortment of all wanted col
ors . These are priced at $3.95.
Attractive
Neckwear
Big Variety of Stunning
New Models
The latest and newest styles are here represented, in lawn, or
gandy, satin, wash silks, Georgette crepe, crepe de chine, etc., in roll
collars, vestees, gypsy ties, small and sailors collars, and a good show
ing of collar and cuff sets, in all wanted materials, colors and combi
nations. Be sure you have a look at this wonderful collection, as you
are very apt to find just the collar or collar and cuff set you have beeen
wanting for some time. The prices are most reasonable, too.
It Vis
Sheer Dainty Fabrics for
Your Summer Frock
Note the Liberal Price Reductions.
50 inch Figured Flaxon, .35c
And Batiste Extra Special.
Specially reduced in price for Monday and Tuesday selling. This
fabric is 40 inches wide and is especially adaptable for coll summer
dresses. Dainty floral designs in rich and harmonizing fast washable
colors of apple green, ligTit blue, pink and lavender, which blend softly
into their setting of snow white ground.
36 inch Imported Shantung 57c
For Sport Suits, Skirts and Dresses.
This is the best material obtainable for all around general wear,
hard service and yet stylish in appearance. It is very popular for the
above-named uses. The collar assortment is old rose, navy blue, tan,
and green, white grounds with colored rings, dots and broken figures;
the colors are fast and washable. This is indeed an unusual value,
well worth your most careful consideration.
Stamps mimXMMIB
SALE OF
Women's Silk Dresses
Greatly Reduced in Price
A large and well selected assortment from our regular
stock, including all wanted sizes, 1 6 to 44. There is a pleasing
array of stylish new models for your selection, embracing al
most our entire line. Dresses of crepe de chine, silk taffeta
and Georgette crepe in a wealth of color combinations, as well
as almost every conceivable solid color in either dark, medium
or light shades. Note these radical reductions.
Dresses Worth $25.00 at $18.75
$29.75 at $22.15
$32.50 at $24.35
$35.00 at $26.25
$37.50 at $27.95
$39.50 at $29.65
(
a
(6
((
it
Final Clearance of
Women's Silk
Coats
There is just ten in the lot,
coat or dress coat styles, in
tafetta or gro de laundre silk,
all wanted sizes to 40, mostly
belted or sash tie styles. The
colors are black and chang
able green.
What garment is more serv
iceable or of more conveni
ence than an extra coat to
slip on these cool evenings.
They are very smart, too. This
sale is of special interest on
account of the liberal price re
ductions now offered.
Values to (01 OK
$29.50 at
Values to
$35.00 at
Values to (tO A AZ
Women's Taffeta
- Silk
Petticoats
Tailored and fancy styles
in a pleasing assortment of at
tractive rriodels, and a vast ar
ray of popular shades and col
or combinations. In this won
derful collection you are sure
to find just the petticoat to
match your gown, and espec
ially to please you on ac
count of the attractive low
price. Plain and chaneable
colors,' mostly taffeta, though
there are some , Jerseys, with
wide taffeta flounces. Hard
ly a skirt in the lot worth less
than $7.50. You will be de
lighted with this showing.
These are Excepion
ally Good Values at
$4.95
y
4
ENTRANCE
ON
SUBWAY
.STREET
REAR
OF
MAIN
B'JILDIMC
Timely Savings on Wanted Stationery,
Books, Office Supplies and Accessories
for the Camper or Tourist
Correspondence cards. "English Lin
en" special values ut a box 25c & 35c.
Correspondence tards, "Dresden" gilt
edge 2 sizes at a box 50c
Correspondence Box paper. English,
Scotch and Swiss Linen at a box 50c
Good size pencil tablets extra values
at 5u and 10c
Ink tables, assorted, sizes, plain and
linen paper, ruled or unruled. 5c to 15c
Note books in all wanted sizes, with
or without index, paper, linen or leath
er covers, extra values in a price
range 5c to $1.45. ".no page Icdgcrs.
fully indexed, linen cover, priced 55c
to $1.75.
Ix-ose leaf books in all wanted sizes,
with heavy paper or leather binding,
priced 4iV to t!5e.
i ! : i'l'lil paper i-piii.il
Spanish-F.nglish or Kiiglish-ypnnish
Dictionaries special 25c
24 sheets good tissue paper all wanted
colors. 24 sheets for 5c
Leather covered Dictionaries special
values at $195
For the picknlcker. or camping par
ties. Vacation lime is just around the
comer and you ;! have need ol
these useful accessories.
Folding Lunch Boxes 25c
Fancy l'aper Napkins, floral and na
tional designs. 25 for lOe.
Paper Picnic Plates, one dozen for 10c
Paper Dolleys, 15 for 10c.
Wax paper, 20 sheets to the roll, per
roll 5c
Khaki cloth covered one quart can
teen special. $1.45 -2 t. $1.75
All metal light collapsible camp chairs
p .,i i tal value 55c
Pattern
Hats
ii IH 11
l3
Less
And you may rest assured you will never have the opportunity to
secure a better bargain. Stylish new models, every one of them at at
tractive price reductions which render them still more interesting at
this time. No doubt you will be astonished at such unusual valuaes
offered at these prices, but we are over-stocked and must close them
out, hence this liberal price reduction. The lot embraces a pleasing
variety of all wanted colors and color combinations. Leghorns, Mi
lans, Lisseres, etc. Note the sale prices.
Hats Worth to $ 7.50 at $5.00
to $ 8.50 at $5 65
to $10.00 at $6.65
to $12.50 at $8.35
to $15.00 at $9.95
a
it
a
a
a
a
Bungalow Aprons
Special 98c
Belted or loose line models, a good,
big coverall and bungalow apron, in
striped, checked and fancy figured per
cale; some with self collars, others
have collars of contrasting shades;
short or three-quarter sleeve length; the
skirts are full, wide and have pockets:
there are all wanted sizes, 36 to 44. Re
member the special price is only 98c.
( Y v A r
V. I -' 1 ',
is
$1.49
Special Sale of Purses, Hand
Bags and Knitting Bags at
A wonderfully interesting assortment is this women's small envelope-shaped
coin purses, and fitted handbags, silk lined, in a pleas
ing collection of all popular leathers, silk and satin; some with strong
nickel-plated steel frames, oxidized or bronze. A good assortment of
all wanted sizes and shapes.
There are knitting bags of small, medium, large and extra large
sizes; heavy creton in novel patterns, satine lined, tigured and colored
silk and silk lined, rigid covered metal, wood and imitation amber
handles; some have pretty ribbon draw strings. Choice of the entire
lot for $1.49.
Drape and Auto
Veils
Y2 Price
This is a pleasing assortment of stylish veils
in chiffon and open mesh weaves. There are
small or large shapes, in a good assortment of
wanted colors white, green, gold, brown,
plum, gray, etc. Regular prices range from
$1.00 to $5.00, all on sale at just half their
regular value.
A Rousing Sale of Fancy Ribbon
This is a splendid showing of wanted ribbor.i. 3 to 1 2 inches
wide, suitable for almost every known purpose. 1 lat trimmings, hair
bows, fancywork, bags, etc., satin, taffeta, rr.oire, Grosgrain, faille,
etc., in stripes, plaids, solid colors, broken checks, Dresden and con
ventional designs. Now is the time to supply your needs, while the
prices are so low. Note these generous reductions.
H35c Values 25c
50c
65c
75c
85c
44
it
44
35c
47c
59 c
63c
$L00 Values 69c
$1.25 " 98c
$1.50 " $L32
$1.75 " $1.49
$2.00 " $1.59
ZL fwiSi JOT
We Sell
War Sav
ing Stamps THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 2, 1918.
THREE
i
iOIINDS II?
SLACKERS
TUCSON, June 1. A posse eomitat-
us, composed of members of the One
Hundred Percent American Club, mini
bering five hyfndre-d, under the leader- i
ship of United States Marshal Joe Di'.- i
Ion. rounded up between eight hundred
1 a thniinri,l vnnnr men tnniph'
...v. , A...' i -.,
iiu i uum mil iivm uiau k iuiu a-
tion cards. They were taken to the
city hall in machines as each raiding
party secured an automobile load ard
. , , , ,
..m..n u luc uiau
toard confronted them, segregating
the registered men from the
draft
evaders and deserters, there being a
few of the latter. A count of those
raugni uau not Deen maae up to mid
night, the raid being still in progress.
Mir tne env jail, council chamber and
other rooms were crowded. Some pool
rails were emptied hy the raid.
POSSE f
TUCSON
inn ram ts carried out witnoiu j ijttle cemetery to the rear or tne
trouble or outbreaks of any kind. Tli. pjtardv front recentlv. when an Amer
five hundred possenipn were dividd ican Bidier acting as a pall bearer
into groups, each with a captain. The I Bt the funeral of several Americans.
gronrs met at pre-arranged places at , discovered his own brother. Joseph
7 o clock this- evenine, and with all
roads leading from, the city guarded,
the raiding parties covered the citv
Ftreets with dispatch and thorough
ness, and soon, automobile loads of
cardless registrants were pouring into
the city hall.
AMERICAN TROOPS
VITAL FACTOR IN
GREAT WORLD WAR
(Continued from Page 0".el
have ben no unusual events in this
last twenty-four hours.
The artillery activity around I.une-1
vine and Toul has ben far be low nor-!
nat :
In the air. American pursuit pilots
engaged in several combats. ! Lieutenant Hugh L. Sutherland,
One airman reported that he had Benoit. Miss., previously reported se
shot down a German plane, but as verely wounded, now reported slightly
this cccured a considerable distance wounded.
inside the German lines, confirmation! No other man from Colorado, New
could not be obtained. j Mexico, Arizona or Texas was named
Plans Returns Safely I in the list.
Another reconnaissance plane flew
over the German trenches at a heiirlif !
of two hundred meters for boservaMon !
purposes. It was the target for a : FRANCE. June 1 ( Hy The Associate J ! said, to kill the entire Allen family. proving enable him to. concentrate as
beavy fire, but returned safely, its Press). American troops are reaching ! On Friday morning Mose Allen J saulting troops rapidly. The activity
mission having been achieved. (useful positions in the battle are.i j learened of the intentions of the n-1 maintained opposite the main British
Our reconnaissance planes acccmp- these troens displpv the most ardent ' groes. Aliout 10 o'clock last night one forces during the thrust toward Paris
lislied numerous successful missions
unaer tne poteeMon of pursuit ma
chines. One suddenly swooped down
from the clouds and fired 140 rounds
ir.to the enemy communicating
trenches filled with men. The Ter
i'ians returned a hot fire ad the
1
i x
Serve Cold With Your Dinner
plane got hack to lis own linos with!
a number of bullet holes in it. :
i SINK TWO U-BOATS
! AN ATLANTIC POUT. June 1. De
: htrui'tion of two .submarines wil'iln
half an hour by ;m American destroy
er off the coast of I'rance. was re
' ported today bynn American ship ar
riving from the war zone. The I'-boats
, w Pre SMlt ,U' n almosj. within i sight
. ..T I.n.w.V. ......... t ti n.. omA
Kll lilt- I I l-lll I I, It num.
I The destroyer was one of a num
I her convoking American 'transports.
! Ti.e first submarine was sighted some
j distance off. members of the ship's
crrw sam. anu uie uestroers gave
chase, dropping depth charges near,
im.... 0i,,.,..j
I ti,., ...-.i.... i. r.--'
...... .. . . ... v. .. ... ......
claimed.
I her position in the ennvov. another
' submarine came up rear a" transport.
!,!,. .ti. m. i,yn
V- ,uT ... : . ' j , ,
1 l . Tv, l"
LP1 i"' "u ""7 "7"
-.f-y "
charge which resulted in evidence ttiati
the l'-boat hed been hit.
PATHETIC SCENE AT GRAVE
WITH TUB AMKftlCAX ARMY JS
; FRANCE. June 1 One of the most
pathetic instances of
America is concerned
Ash, among the dead. The brothers,
thembers of different companies' naa
met only the day before at the front
Joseph remained there and was mo
tally wounded, dying soon afterward
His brother was ordered io ti.e reat
lines with a party of wood choppers,
BATTLE'S HONOR ROLL
j WASHINGTON'. June 1. Today's
j casualty !ir contained 57 names, di
vided as follows: Killed in action,
three; died of wounds, six; died of
j disease, ten; died o airplane accident.
;jre; wounded severely, seventeen;
i wounded slightly, eleven; missing in i
I action, nine.
Officers named were. Lieutenants
i,oe V. Farnum. New York; Andrew P
Peterson. Lpmberton. Minn., and Jas.
tj. Ward, Houston
wounded.
Texas severel
AMERICANS in BATTLE
WITH TIIE FHKXCH ARMY IN
desire hnre in the present great
tattle with their Europein comrades,
ing places is a spoon pressed from
pa-vr that can be thrown away after
using.
FOR
BE
FLAT'S IT-ACQUIRE THE TASTE IT'S GREAT
shop mm will
BE HEARD ill ONCE
(Fy Review I.enso! M'irei
WASHINGTON. June 1.-Tteuresen
tatives of railroad shop trades, imdud-
... ., , . . . .,
ing machinists, blacksmiths, boil, r -
i makers, electricians and carmen who
hav Pntered tne Sir,mgPsl. protest
.... , .. .
a?"isi me wage increases auov.etl
them by Director General McAdoo.
1 u-ill ho tionrd hr thA nAir linnril tt
i , .i
i J,l,,ujy aB"'ulu"-
T P F.rst
Immediately after argonizing today
i the board decided to take up the shop
crafts' claims first, regarding them as
I most urgent.
I The hnnrrt elected P. Tt Sines vice-
' nrexiilent of the Rrotherhnoil nf Tiail-
itt-o Trainmen hnirmnn !.mi p v
Icaines, former superintendent of mo-
tive power for the Central Georgia.
a..
viie-cnairman. utner mem tiers are j.
If muni i j dy .vice-president of the Order
the war so fari(jf RaH Te,eKrapllPI.S( c. K. U)tuX.
d. .xcurred in 'a. fornier maintenance of wavs. en-
n Tf. n r or InP ' - -
nlnuaii f rtf t Vi o Vov.' Vnrlr fr r?il VV
B Morse, formerly general manager
of the Denver and Salt Lake, and O. A. j
Wharton, head of the railway em -
ploves, department of the American
Federation of labor.
;
BO FAMILY IS
ALMOST WIPED OUT
(Tty Review Leased Wlre
Ht'NTSVILLE. Tex., June L Mrs. !
Sarah Cabinnes, negress, find her sons, j
George, Peter, Cute, Tenola and j
Thomas are dead, and ber daughter;
Bess is probably fatally wounded as!
Mue result ox a snooting auray in me
uooge neignoornoou .n ui. """
early today.
George Cabinnes was shot and kil ed ,
Thursday afternoon when he resisted ,
ouicers imubu t,un
arrest him for threatening A. P. V , . i
Allen with a gun and for evading draft
service. i
The killing of Cabinnes aroused the
j members of his family, it is declared.
and they made up their minds, it Is '
of tha Cabinnes negroes carrying a
'shot gun appeared at Mr. Allen's home j
land upon failing to give an account of!
1 his presence and reason for, carrying
he gun. was snot ana uauiy oiina..b, -
The other members of the Cabinnes news that coal w down ten cents a
fapuly were near and carried the ton.
j wounded man to their home about two1
miles away. j
1 Shortly after daylight this morning,
"a citizen" posso surrounded the Cabin-
ns home and were met by the ne-
erops with a vouey from sis snot guns.'
The posse began firing into the house
and soon it was burning. As the flames
'gained headway the mother began car
I rying the bodies of her fcur dead sons
to the yard where she too. was shot.
The negroes fired nearly 2'in shots
at iip po- but r m-n !
I were Injured.
, f:pf,r mhinnes. it is i,n,ler,ni
had refused to register in the select-'
ive draft and bad failed to answer two I
'alls sent him by the Walker count
exemption hoard. j
TELEGRArntKS CASE
' vro vftir t., ia- :..
.&n las ng more than five hours
"lssl. iis inj, nmrr man ine nours.
ne nanonai war ia. r iwr.i readied a i
'i'ion here tonigni in tne dispute
'between the western i mon ami l'osr-ias
" ' eiegrapn cuiumuiiics unu some oi .
'-"1,r telegraphers over the right
claimed by the operators to join a
Commercial Telegraphers' union but
i'"''i jiiiiumTuiriM m me un-iMun i
1 1 Tt t i I f -ninrr Ik' '
i
President tlvemy. former President ,
Wiil'am H. Taft. and Frank P. Walsh.
as joint chairman of the board, includ-;
: - . : . . 1 . i. ; n :.FA . . . ..
President Overby. Former President
ing in its membership five representa-
t'v's f employers and a like number
tf organized labor, heard the com-,
P''nt of the telegraphers union that j
cu.up."- cu o
l" --'-
the union, while the estern I nion
actually has dismissed some of its i
men. j
A final vote was taken, of which the j
chairman declined to give any intima-!
tion until they have reviewed the rec-1
ord of the day's proceedings. They i
premised to do this befdre leaving to
mcrrow afternoon for Scrantcn. where
they will attempt to settle a strike of
I street railway workers.
FRENCH OFFER
STRONG FRONT
TO HUN DRIVE
rCDntlnucd fioro Page One)
praised at its true value. In most Insr
tances prisoners have been left in the
Kr,tish ,ine9 and none ha8 been takpn
aw g prisonPrs taken mdicate
that the recent reliefs opposite the
Kritish front have brought poor troops
int0 tne nne in p!ace of exhau sted
divisions. It is not easy to beleive.
..-... fht 1hu nractiee is wide-
sprPa(i or tnat ;t means Indefinite lull.
pids in which the enemy steadily im-
includes the systematic bombardment
If yoa have bought your next win-,
tor's coal, youf probably feel pretty i
"Watch the Bubbles"
"Right Off
EXTRA DRY
Z3U U U . J
of communications along the rear o."
tllP Biitisli lines. I. on;; raime g:ins ;
ar'' VPr' '!sy day and night. j
BATTLE ON 120-MILE FRONT :
PAKIS. .Inn" l.--The figliiin front ;
extend about IL'h kilometers us th-? enemy :,irpl:i!e." ; secreting maulies in the grain, de
bird flies. It Is thirty-two miles from 1 fense counsel read government inons
Noyon to Soissons, about forty miles
li'orn Soissons to the Maine and more
than forty from the Ma rue to north of
Kheims.
TEUTONS HAMMER
SOISSONS SALIENT
ON ROAD TO PARIS
Continued from r.i!j One)
lliveied by the Krench with fresh di-
'". l- iroops
TIT , S?'??-11?-
nPS road jn the evening bitter lulit-
Jn was decided in our favor.
"We pursued the retreating enemy !
' ,., ,,,h, , . . t .
far us (1p Mt,hu to tllP past of
( haudU!!. Vierrv. and I! atlZV '
Reach Marne lUlNWKIl 1 LIN I. VV. W.
On both sidesof the Ourco river! I A XIC niCrmfDrn
we have crossed the SoissonsChafau ;
i merry roan, ana again anu again
V.V-ir 1- Inn linn t '.. -- tnlnni.n t.n .
m5 -"-ij n n
reached the heights of Neuilly an 1 I
reached the
n-.Vtti of Ch
( liaWeau Tb.e
..... v. . , . K
nateau I merry, net ween
erry and east o" Dormans !
we have reached the Marne. hrom
the Marne to west
of Khciins we
ig ppeciai nargams
$40.00,
Tai
tor
M
the Ice"--It
fought our wriy toward the Vernf nil -
Oliy, Sarcy. fhamany."
"Yesterday's lighting again resulted
' the bringing in of several thousand
prisrner and rich booty. In the last
two das we !,uve shot down thirtv-six
. . t
' ClYlr-tttUH VISIIS rHUNT , 7 ' , .
i OENKVA. June l.-Kmperor William l"nery ignited smut and caused many
j visited the battle front Monday, ac-1 su, n ,ires
j i-oiding to dispatches reaching nere ', Son Stopped Fires
jlroiii Sukgne. lie made a trip in a' "Hut when we got the I. W. W. i:i
j powerful armored and camouflaged ! control in Whitman county, these fir ?s
l&u'oniorfle. The emperor mounted : stepped," testified Wm. Cole, who as
jt'aiil'ornie plateau to the summit of . stifcriT hd conducted an ex:ensive in-
M&iint Hiver unaccompanied so as not vestigation.
Mo attract acna! attention. Only a
' 'f w f' Tierals at the front were ir.-
tti;iir.e,"i oi lii". visit, flciiernl Linlen-
('l0rri' rode with the emperor.
I It is regarded as significant that the.
emperor visited the he:idnnrters r. "
I the rrewn prince, and in the reports
"M,9 "f ?e ""me of Held Marsc.al
. on I!ii:Jc;ibur? u not ui-'ntmned.
v rt m m.t v
uwwti.ivta
' ''Vntinufrd from Pnge Onel
ti lubie to the organiratioti." Ingar
wrote, bis letter being tvpical of the
onlers in similar circuinstancas. !
The Ingar file followed testimony of ;
Washington and Idaho witnesses con- i
$45.00 and
acte
in
M
Will Be Sold for
alf and Less
At the
evie l ailormg
LOWELL, ARIZONA
FOR
PUBLICand
PRI
VATE
PARTIE
Breeds Sociability
P
; cr-i ninu outrages in the hurves! fields,
which included the blowing up of and
: burning of 'lOC threshers in Whetman
j county, Washington, in a period of
(ten days. To disprove testimony ihit
the I. W. ". burned machines by
tnit it-stt in v thr fcnnrlfu frirn ;he m:i-
i-jiienns were read cnver.ng th'
petiod last year when the government
charges in the anti-war campaign wu-i
at i:s height, snowing that on August
0 the 'attle i'eadnuariers arranged
for a tenet el strike of northwest birr
ber worker. for the express purpo-e
of forcing open jail doors for mem
bers. Other bulletins told tyir.ff up oT
Astoria shipyprdv. charging guard
there ,; robbing 1. W. W. of their
money and complained that In sum
instances German spie wire b.!ri4
given more freedom than 1. W. W.
prisrners.
Thev are tr.ken to restaurants for
meals." the bulletin said.
At the time western disorder w.ih
In full swing, the agricultural branch
at Minneapolis issued a noil, e for a
"march on the industrial trenches."
$50.00
wts
Co
a. Case Sent toYour Home-
isbee
379 FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 2, 1918.
HJBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEX A. CAIN...
..Editor and
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
SUBSCRIPTION
RATES.
PAYABLE
tER .MONTH
THREE MOXTHS
BIX MOXTHS
TWELVE MOXTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUXBAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Taken For Lesa
It Is Up to America
There is no use disguising the fact that
the news from the battle front is bad. Very
bad. Since March 2 1 , of this year, the Ger
man armies have made three offensives and
driven wedges ten and twenty miles deep
into the allied lines, and what is more, have
held all their gains. They seem to be able
to gain ten miles at a time at will. They
can make troop concentrations at a certain
point without the knowledge of the allied
fliers and then hurl overwhelming masses
against thinly held lines and take thousands
of prisoners and many guns and much war
plunder. Then, when the momentum of
the rush is gone, the allies gather men and
hold them.
But the fact remains that the Prussians
have the edge on the French and British
so far during the 1918 campaign. They
seem to have the "jump" on them, to use
a slang expression, and they are keeping
them guessing and fighting against heavy
odds all the time. In the long run this kind
of a campaign will be a losing game for the
'allies. They have lost practically all the
high ground and vantage points they
worked so hard for two years to gain and
paid so much for in blood and shells. The
Passchendaele ridges, Mt. Kemmel, Chemin
des Dames, all these are gone. We had
thought them impregnable to the Prussians.
But they were stormed and taken in a day.
And beyond mere local engagements there
have been no counter attacks worthy the
name. The spring seems to have gone
from the allied bow.
Every one had confidently supposed that
the allies could bring up man for man and
gun for gun with the Germans on the west
ern front. But this is certainly an error.
Either the allies have been out-fought or
out-generalled or they are out-numbered
and out-gunned. There is no other way
to account for these large and continued
German successes and their immunity from
counter blow.
And yet it is pretty certain that Foch has
more than a million English and certainly
two million French and a half-million
Americans and a quarter of a million Itali
ans in his armies in France. But he can
not hold his lines, no matter how vital they
are, or how well defended by nature and
by guns and entrenchments. In every big
battle this year he has been outnumbered
the first three days by four and ten to one.
Of course!, Foch may have a counter
blow planned that will dumfound the world
He may well be saving reserves of a mil
lion for the time and the place. But in the
meantime the tide of battle sways against
us. We had just as well face this fact. The
situation is grave in France. Upon its face
at this time it would seem that the allies
are only counting time for the arrival of
America.
We must not only pu two million men
or more in France, but we must give the
punch to the allied war machine. A real
counter blow is what the allied world is
looking and hoping for now. If the Ger
mans can mass a million men at a certain
point and smash through, why can not the
allies do this same thing? Have they the
million r No one knows for certain.
But there is one thing that every one who
is following the war closely these days does
know, and that is that America must strain
every nerve to send every man and gun and
shell to France as fast as she can. They are
needed there. Every day of battle brings
the fact out stronger and presents it to us
with more direct and terrible earnestness.
And yet, this column still pins its faith to
Foch as the master strategist and daring
fighter who will yet turn this tide back to
wards Berlin before the autumn leaves
drift down upon the last of our hopes for
one smashing victory this year.
Funny thing about that two pounds of
wool Bisbee bought for the Red Cross. It
was two-thirds of a pound short in weight.
The wool was sent to the city by the Red
Cross officials through the governor bf the J
state of Arizona. Of course there may 1
have been some mistake. The
General Manager
IN ADVANCE:
1 .75
2.25
4.00
7.50
2.60
.76
fhan 75 Cents.
As to just how Gov. Hunt s followers in
the state senate can justify their action in
opposing the anti-sabotage bill in time of
war is past understanding. Sabotage in the
Arizona copper mines means failure to
stand behind our soldiers in France. The
I. W. W. is the only labor organization
that has ever admitted the practice of such
a reprehensible thing. Surely these sena
tors do not wish to go on public record as
trying to protect the I. W. V. in Arizona.
Winsor, Whipple, Mattox, Roberts, Kin
ney, Colter voted to lay this measure over.
Colter afterward changed his vote. Their
stand in this matter is not only unpatriotic,
but it appears in the light of a stand against
organized society in general. Sabotage is
nothing less than destruction of property
as malicious and indefensible as any petty
crime defined by statute, or serious crime
either, for that matter, for there have been
cases of sabotage where the loss ran up into
the thousands. And is it not also strange
that all of these senators voting to lay over
the anti-sabotage bill are Hunt followers?
Just another powerful lot of circumstantial
evidence against the governor in the matter
of the charge of a leaning towards the
I. W. W. in His sympathy, like the wobbly
picture lie had taken with his arm around
his friend Perry, who was one of the chief
witnesses for (he defense in the trial of (he
wool might I. V. W. in Chicago.
not have been weighed carefully. But
still, when one pays more than a thousand
dollars a pound for wool, one wants full
measure, and is surely entitled to it. The
Review would suggest that Gov. Hunt
order an investigation in this matter of
short weight in the wool. It is his duty as
governor of all the state to see that every
city in the state gets what is coming to it.
In the past the governor has always tried to
see that Bisbee got all that was coming, but
not in wool.
Power of the Press
Applied and Misapplied
Arthur Brisbane, the famous editor,
was asked by the Mississippi Press Asso
ciation to send a word of advice to the
editors of the small dailies and the weeklies
of that state, and he gave them a column,
most of it devoted to the appeal to organ
ize into a close union and stick together
and make the public generally appreciate
the value and cost of newspaper space.
Strong and true advice. Parts of it are re
produced here in the hope that it will en
courage Arizona editors to form some kind
of association for their own protection in
these days of high cost of production and
increasing demands for free publicity.
"Do what the thirteen States of the
Union did in George Washington's day.
Form a national union, mean it, and stick
to it.
"Establish central bodies of control
which among newspapers shall, be in each
State what the legislature is, and in the
nation what Congress is.
"Editors need agreement as to the ad
vertising value of their space most of
which is now almost given away consol
idated buying of paper and ink and united
action to make public men and advertisers
realize their imiportance.
"It seems late to say: 'In union there
is strength,' or 'United we stand, divided
we fall.'
"Yet it is a fact that the country press
lacks strength, lacks the dignity, the profit,
the respect to which it is justly entitled, and
it is also a fact that the editors do not stand
united for the benefit of all. They lack
union absolutely.
"Conventions in ever' State, attended .
by editors of all newspapers in the Stare,
should protect local interests and devise
methods of making business profitable to
the advertiser and the publisher.
"And great national conventions of the
local newspapers, addressed by the most
important mfcn in the nation, and looked
upon as the most important gatherings in
the nation, should be held often enough to
keep the editorial associations of the differ
ent States in touch with each other.
"The smaller newspapers of the coun
try suggest now a pile of bricks thrown
loosely and carelessly upon the ground
you have seen such a pile.
"The different journalistic bricks should
be cemented into a solid wall, a great struc
ture of public opinion, public power, in
dustrial, commercial promotion, giving to
every editor of power and character the
prosperity, the rank to whih he. is entitled
and eliminating the others.
"Local editors, united, organized, would
control the buying power, political power,
and the educational power of the country."
Arizona Press Comment
On Vital State Issues
GOVERNOR IS RESPONSIBLE
Plicenix Gazette: Concerning W. II.
Cleat y, whom he saw fit to honor with
in appointment shortly after he was
icstored to office by the court decision
and who is now in Chicago as one of
counsel for defense of the 112 I. W.
W. now on trial in the federal court.
the governor says that the appoint
meut "carried with it no emoluments,
and I do not, therefore, consider that
n;y duty to the taxpayers necessitates
my dictating his private movements
Governor Hunt, your appointment
and retention of W. R Cleary ill a
position of honor is not a matter to
be considered from a financial stand
point and the fact that it takes no
money from the state treasury (ho.v
ever significant that may be to you)
is no consideration whatever to th-5
decent citizenry of this state. Hi
stands as your appointee and the fact
is that you appointed him with a full
knowledge of all that he is and all that
lie stands for. He stands as thechim
pion of the I. W. V. and had so pr
claimed himself publicly before he was
appointed by you. He carries the red
card of the I. W. W. on his person at
all times and does not hesitate to dis
plpy ii. He does display it and has dis
played it in the state capitol since
you appointed him to this position of
lienor. As counsel for the I. W. W. on
t-.ial in Chlcaeo he Is a conspicuous
figure before the nation and while in
this conspicuous position before th-5
-ation he holds a commission of honor
from the governor of Arizona. You
cannot dismiss your responsibility for
W. B. Cleary on the ground that he
is not costing the taxpayers anything.
He is costing the: citizenry o' Arizona
a great deal in the way of self-respect
and there are olheT things that tlie
real manhood and womanhood of. Ari
zona hold dearer than money.
ELECTION HAD A MEANING
Douglas International. The city elec
tion held in Bisbee on Monday resulted
in a clpan sweep for the non-partisan
ticket, over the so-called democratic
ticket. The non-partisan ticket was
promoted and carried to success by an
organization of citizens who believed
that in these times of war when all
who desire a victory over the Hun
should lay aside all politics and every
thing else that would tend to prevent
a periect coalition of democrats, re
publicans and these of all other patri
otic political leanings. A meeting was
he'd by prominent demorcatic and re
publican leaders In Bisbee and it was
derided to choose a ticket to have
charge of the city government, regard
less ol politics; as a result of this
meeting good men of both parties were
put "orward for mayor and members
of the council. Mayor Erickson was
inmed to head this non-partisan ticket
because of his splendid work in the
;rving days of Bisbee last summer
which culminated in the deportation
of the I. W. W. strikers who were
threatening to ruin Industrial condi
tions in the Wurren aistrict. Eric kson
was elected by a big majority and
every candidate on his ticket was suc
cessful. This result shows that in Bisbee
there is p. spirit of loyalty to those
who stand for industrial prosperity
and who can be depended on to see
to it that protection shall be provided
for all who are pursuing their rights
to seek and perform labor there for
whomsoever they please. This eleo
'i n cannot be "taken in any other
light than an endorsement of the ac
tion taken last year In purifying the
ir.dustrial condition of the Warren dis
trict. Bisbee is al! right and always
has been.
100 PER CENT AMERICAN
Tonib.lc-ne Prospector: Three city
elections held in Arizona were con
ducted tn the lines o.' Americanism;
Jerome, Globe and Bibbee. (jitizens
tickets in each city made the hght
sipiarely on the issue of I'lO per cent
Americanism and the result was a
complete victory for tho All American
ti'keis in each city. Strange to say,
these three cities were the places
wbcio last year deportations too
place and in each instance those seek
ing office or those backing such ticK
t ts wore moit or less vitally inter
ested in the deportations. Only one
tcr.clusion can be drawn from the re
sults of esterday'3 elections, and that
is that Arizona lias decided that I. W.
W.'ism and all other oWstructionisis
to winning the war have seen their
best day in Arizona and the hysteria
of radicalism has passed. History in
Ari,,n Ik runiiliv making, but not
to the satisfaction of those who
to un-American principles.
tend
THE WRATH OF THE WARREN
DISTRICT
Tucson Citizen: Whether they
feared that their money would be taint
ed il it passed through the handi of
Governor Hunt to the Hcd Cross or
that the precious White House wool
would he soiled if it came by way of
the Arizona chief executive, the mem
bers c: th Warren District Commer
cial club who formed a syndicate and
outbid Governor Hunt about seventy
to one have wired the head of the Hod
Cross asking that they be not forced
to conduct any negotiations whatever
through the governor.
Their wrath is the outgrowth !
Hunt s denunciation of everything and
everybody in tho Warren district ex
cept the 'l- W. W.'s in his message to
the legislature and while they have
gone out of their way to humiliate
ttjci chief executive. I hey are probably
justified in their indignation at the
1 1 raiment they received at his haudi.
The language which Hunt used m
characterizing them is about as nasty
as is found in the district. He oven
stated that me wives and children
or the deported men were left to a
terrible fate in their hands. Ho pic
tured tliem as monsters in human
form. His words fitted fratu l-" l" j lio'iiers of tin- Ihmglas Coiintrv Vli'b
,IMI0 citizens of the Wurren tlisti ic:. w m beheld .Monday night al 7 o'clock,
w ho participated in the deportal ioiis, , .1(j members will !' served din-
although only twenty aro indicted loriII(,r, the business meeting lollowiug.
the alleged violations nf Iho federal TMce directors f:ir the ens.iiiig eav
;1s. J will he elcc led, the lollowitig iii' inhcs
The ;;( II mid VOillCII t'f the Vi U-Ten ),.,, 1L. M.,1 tlH'I'ed il- l iiMillll.Hl-: by
ilistnct hive (.one lar ove-i me nM'in,t. noinliial mg com in it i e-e : wm. l'Osi -
ill every patriotic endeavor aud it is tr, j. g. Lrkkooti, J. II. divert, F. il.
hive (.one lar over me n'l'ltiie nominal ing com in it : ce : Win. losl-
no wonder that it goes against the
grain to do business through an offi
cial who has been so bitter in his Je
nunciatiou of them.
NO ENCOURAGEMENT FOR HUNT
KI Paso Times: The results of tho
eelctions in Bisbee, Jerome and other!
Arizona towns where the elements
sympathizing with the 1. W. W. agi-i
tators were overwhelmingly defeated
are calculated to afford little consola
tion to Governor Hunt and his friends.
In Bisbee, especially, whore two of the
men elected to the city council are
said to have had something tj do with
the driving out of the undesirables last
July, the result may be considered a
slap direct at the governor who. in his
recent message to the special session,
seized the opportunity of lambasting
these very men.
That the lambasting did not make a
very big hit, even in the legislature,
is indicated by the passage by almost
unanimous vote in both house; of the
resolution calling upon all state offi
cials, high and low, to denounce the
I. W. W. He may regard them as a
bunch' of mucl-abused workingmon,
but it is becoming increasingly evident
that the governor's attitude is not that
of the people of Arizona nor of their
elected representatives in the law-making
department of the state govern
ment. Arizona has suffered in reputa
tion and in prestige as the result of
the activity of lawless agitators and
anarchists, but most people ore no
becoming convinced that much of the
criticism heaped upon the state was
undeserved. The people of Arizona
are patriotic and lawahidinc tii'jv
have been forced at times to tak-
somewhat unusual and drastic steps
to purge their state of the idle and
the vicious rabble which threatened us
peace and prosperity. They have
taken these steps and the result has
been good. What a pity it is they
have not as yet found means to curb
the pctivities and put the soft pedal
on the utterances of the gentleman
who presides in the executive office
Mr. George W. P. Hunt.
BISBEE SENTIMENT THE SAME
Douglas International: That was
sure some rap at tne governor, in
cluded in the dispatch sent to Wash
ington yesterday by the Warren Dis
trict Commercial club regarding Bis-
bee's bid for the wool donated by Pre't-
Msnt Wilson for the Tied Cros. Th-3
bid was more than JXaO'i and took
the wool. This result was telegraphed
direct to the Bed Cross manager Hi
Washington with the explanation that!1;'-s- Arizona. i-u's are to be sun-
the citizens of the Warren di-.trict did
not desire to send the report through
cfTi"e of the governor of Arizona.
The message to Washington :aid that
after the ir(-sf'tements made by the
"overnor regarding the citizen of the j
district in his message to th Ice i -da-1 A Maze which c-nt;r"!y ccisiu.icJ
ture the people there desired to iiavejthe frame house owned by I.-nac Lnn -
no dealings w ith him of any kind. Tho ! dors, on lower Firs: street, in Tom'j-
governor, by his message, surety oti". """' M',r'Ji "'"-
in bad with Bisbee. When he de- '"S nouses o.-c yrrea inurs-iav aiir
nouneed those who took part in the non about 6 o'clock. Volunteer lire
deportation of the wonblies last ye ir j ""liters turned out to help extinguish
he was denouncing a very I;r;e ma- the blaze, but lack of organization was
ioritv of the eood citizens o" Bisbee I responsirle for water not being avail
and the district. The sentiment in ! able for full ten minutes after thy
HishPf bus nm undergone nn v change! arrived tt ths scene. Their efforts
since the event of July iz, 1917. as
shown by this message ami by the
result of the city election there last
Monday when some of those indi'-ted
for the deportation were elected to
the city council. Ail those electeJ
were more or less interested in tho
ereat "drive." and they are defending
themselves in proper maimer. U
the message sent to Washington by
the Commercial club shall bring the
attention of the governor's message
to President Wilson it will no dount
accomplish a good purpose in thus
Z
exhibiting the coarse- biiingsgate
the Arizona executive.
THAT CARM1CHAEL LETTER
Douglas International: Thi- paper is
glad that Normm Carmichael look the
occasion to write the governor o:i thj
subject of what occurred at Clifton
and Moronci in Htl.", and compare it
to the very mild affair at lii.-bee on
July 12 last year. It was a duty well
performed by Mr. Carmichael as it
brings to the minds of the citizens of
the state the inconsistency o: the gov
ernor in the treatment of fhu twi
events.
The governor, in his 'ei-.-sag;'.
launched the mining men of the slate
as a class of "profiteering pat riot eer-s"
at a time when they are doing ev"ry
rosirle thing within their power to
assist the government in winning vic
fc ry in the war with the Huns. These
mining men have abundant material
t hand for such replies as made by
Mr. Carmichael and they vhould not
hesitatp to defend themselves in th"
public: press against the- slander
heaped upon th' in by the governor of
the state.
County Briefs
While the train crew were switch
ing at the "Y" Thursda sticTiioon in
Tombstone a heavy miow lall oo
ctured lor a few minule-i.
Nathan Miller of Denver In-s ar
lived in Douglas to take a position as
bookkeeper al the; C.uil.-dcn hotel. W'.
II. ( Hilly Itaskw ell. present day clerk
and bookkeeper, will li-ave in a i'ew
days for the Pacific coast to spend
the summer.
Judge A. t'. I.ockwood of the supe
lior court, returned home Friday irom
Douglas where he has beeo the- pa.-l
three days holding juvenile court.
While there he disposed of a large
number of juvenile cases that had ac
cumulated. -rH, .,,, .,( meeting of the stock
Fisher. W. H Webster. A. 15. Packard.
T. M. Smith and R. G Arthur.
Adelhert Cronkhite, Mrs; appointee'
; lor West Point from Arizona, has
; sailed !tr Fram e with the rank of
major general, commander of tiie SOru
division. aor!ing to word received in
i-t lie state. Cronkhite was appointed -o
I the academy several years ago, and
was graduated with honors.
George Edward Wilson, president of
the Chicago Exploration Develop
ment corporation, arrived in liouglas
yesterday from Chicago and will spend
a fortnight in this section on a visit
of inspection of the company's newly
acquired mining property in the Swiss
helm mountains, known as the Letson
Mcore lead group.
According to a card received from
KcUur Axtel. who went with the last
i contingent to Camp Cody, N M . about
j the first familiar sight he saw
wnell
he landed at camp was "Buger Keil"
Powell, well known former Cocni-ie
county cowboy, who had come down
fiom Holbrook. "ked"' is over draft
age, but had enlisted. Axtell says he
likes the camp fine.
H. C. C.eddie of Kirksville. Texas, a
brother-in-law of Thomas P. Harte.
who was found dead on the Tomb
stone McNeal highway last Monday,
arrived in Douglas Friday to attend
the funeral of Harte. which was neld
jesterday afternoon. Mr. Geddie will
teturn to Texas as soon as he attends
to some business transactions here in
connection with Harte's death.
In the superior oiirt Friday the
trial of the State vs. Itoy Hearn was
started and th" jury secured shortly
after the noon recess, a special ven
ire having reported. Hearn is charged
with having killed an aged man named
Arrowwcod as the result of a dispute
over a load of wood. A number of
witnesses are here to be heard in the
case, which Is expected to be com
pleted by tomorrow evening. The case
lias attracted considerable attention at
Willcox and vicinity, since both par
ties were well known there.
P. M. Wiatt, second lieutenant. I).
M. C. N. A., office of conservation and
reclamation for the Arizona military
district, has prepared the follow i.ig
call for bids for removing the garbage
and miscellaneous waste material
from the army camps in Douglas:
"The conservation and reclamation de
partment of the l'r.itd Stares has to
day isued proposals for bids in con
nection with the removal of garbage
and nrscellaneous waste material for
the fiscal year 1911 beginning July
1st. lftlS. and ending June 2tth. VJli.
Any one interested In this matter can
ecur,t coi-'s .jf the proposals at th-;
district quartermaster's office, houg-
! district quartermasters office. Doug-
j n u'"-l by in a. m. June Sth at w.uch
i t,r" lCPV ' e opened in the office
!UI tie district quartermaster. Douglas
; ''w wnrre lull iniorniai! an mayl.au. -and 1 thought of you today and
! be had." . a u studiiig a last meat-age before we
were confined to spying another fra'iie
building adjoining the blazing house.
The home of Mis. Neliie Dalglcih. ad
joining the south side and the Pycitt
residence across tiie street were
threatened lor a time until the wind
changed. The oii-;in of the fire was
unknc.wn ps the acci'pants had moved
out the day beiore. A clog, wliic-h had
r?wled un:'er the house, was burne-1
to death, not being able to make his
! escape.
Brief Stale Notes
Frank Wills, a native horn of Yava
pai county, s?iuls word of having en
tered the navy at Norfolk. Va., and Is
'a second-class seaman to start off his
j career, lie says: "I enlisted to be ac
credited to the Hassayamper couling-
ient."
I Florcncio Lopez of Tucson and
l Charles MeCclland of Prescott. slack
Icrs. were put aboard a train for Camp
Cody, r. M.. Tuesday r.ight. at Tuc
son, with orders from the department
! of jirstiee to report to the commanding
'officer of Die camp for induction into
the army. They were not guarded.
I
j Alien C. P.ernard, Jr., son of A. C.
. Iternard, a former Tucson boy. who
.has been the guest of his father and underneath his c lothing around hts
! Iirother in Tucsou. left Friday night I wai-1 and -m Id him to await the. judg
i for New York, en route to Porto Rico.! ment of immigration authorities at
vhere lie goes under a two-year eon-1 Washington as to whether or not he
! trai t with a large sugar concern. Fori -hould lu deported,
'several years Vr. laniard has been lo-J
cated at I.os Mochis. Sinalon. Mexico.
where he; was connected with a sugar
plautaMf n. His wife ami c hildren,
who are now visiting in St. I-uis, will
join him in Porto Uico.
Superior Judge Sweeney Friday af
ternoon granted permission to Ignatius
I.. S.hniidt to change his name to one
less suggestive of bis German parent
age, that f li Louis fcmii'i. the
change of names having come about
after Attorni-y J. K. Kusseil hud tiled
a petition in the Supc-rior court of
Prescott asking that his client be a!-
lowed to cast off a name- that smacked I
distinctively of the Teutonic. Said lo be the first soldier son of
Arizona in the present war. a h.iby boy
II. S. Cookinham. chief engineer of has been born to Mr. and Mrs. Charles
the Prescott Farms l ennpanv. was a ; T. Jennings, forme rly of Tempe. News
visitor lo Prescott recently Irom Je-' has just been received of this interest
rome Junc tion, and reported h system ' iug evei't. which took pla-' early
of big deve-lopmeiit under headw ay. j Tuesday morning. May 2S. at the
which would far exceed the prodii.--' Methodist hospital in !s Angeles.
lion of last year. l eans and .Milo
maize are the main crops, l-ie hitler
i cereal lo lie bleiiile-d witn wlie-at flour
I to conse rve' the latter. He also re
I ported new settlers as coining in atid
: plans being made for bringing in ad
ditional acreage.
( When Ceasrfo Fernandez, foi nmr i
gar manufacturer of Nog.iles. Sonora.
iuf-onied 1'niu-d States MiimigPiMoii
-tlilloli .it Tin sou wstird.n '! n
W:is on bis w;iv to I ue-sor lo get vvoi k
Us a farm hand, the iu.-peetor looked
! AS MAN TO MAN
c ,
THIS MILK MAN
I WAS WEARY
j The milk man paused on the news
I paper nan's door step. A burst of
wind blew a bucket off the back porch
and enveloped everything in a cloud
of dust. "That wind Is never weary,"
observed the newspaper man.
"No, but it is about the only thing
in the district that is not weary," re
plied h.; milk man in a voice thai
was neither glad nor gay. "Ding my
iiilkpai' :! but this w ind has blown for
forty days and nights and it has never
stopped tor a minute. I've lived here
q me a spell and I never saw the wind
blow so long at a time before."
The newspaper man looked Interest
ed and sympathetic and the purveyor
of milk proceeded to get several
things off his chest that galled his
pioud sp'.rit on its way through this
vale ol tears. He looked through a
glass darkly at the landscape of his
ii.ttie shire. Besides those enemies,
the wind and the duut, he had to con
tend with the constantly increasing
prices of cattle feed, and, even when
no bad raised the large sum of money
for the bu'all amount of feed, he could
not always buy it in the ouen market
because it was closed on account of
lack of visible supply.
Again, his little flivver had been
crowded off the road the day before
by a plutocrat car and partly
iccked fand as a result his garage bill
lor the month exceeded his revenues
from milk
It wis a sad tale, mates, as that
milk man told it. But at that he was
game. After he had strewn his mis
lortuii'j.s from the door step to the
nearest mountain range, he grinned
and sa.'d: "Oh, well, it will all come
right by and by. Let the wind do its
worst; I il be around with the milk
tomorrow just the same."
The newspaper man went into the
house cm: looked out of the window
and sa a' the milk man spit on his
hands and crank his flivver and drive
away i'i a giist of wind like a yawl in
a gale at sea. And during the rest of
the. day be did not make one murmur
about ihi wind that was never weary.
And lo, today there is no winu. only
tn (3 calm ?nd balm of the mountain air
in summer and the briliiant sunlight
and the s..me old mountain background
to the picture.
SOMEWHERE IN FRANCE
A FRIEND
A lc'.'.e;-tame to this newspaper man
iho ether day from an old and dear
' Kansas It lend bearing the postmark
I of Cam;) Merritt, New Jersey. "We
are waiting orders lo bail," the letter
go dovv.i to the a in ships. All the
j sr.oA :i::ies we have had together in
ime oia home town flash across my
;n:U(I t0l!uv asi stand on tne jersev
shoie and watch the might of Uncle
Sam gathered here to launch against
the lli:n."
Ah, ho thought of the newspaper
man. did tnis brave, tine Kanses
frier.J v hile waiting to scil to France.
And, airer all, to win and hold a triend
and to have him think of you across
time and distance, is the greatest
thing in the world. A friend's kind
thoughts and desire to have you with
him in his times of danger and delight,
these are the most cherished things.
His regard fortifies your faltering lint
t:f self cMeera. His prieie in you warms
the cold indifference of the rest of the
world. He- forgets your faults and re
members only some single virtue; anil
absence only makes this tiny Came of
your one good point burn the brighter
before his kind and loyal eyes.
And ue is going to France, this
fiier.d. To that wonderful wayward,
niagtc. sorely pressed land of France.
Going viih hundreds of thousands of
other American boys, with a smile on
his lips and an eager light in his eyes.
He gava up a medical practice he had
been eight years in building; gave it
up gladly to volunteer and go where
he might play a finer, better part in
the world.
Here's to you. Dr. Jim. May you
come back safe from over the seas.
Always will a word be spoken of you
In pride and praise in this newspaper
man's House, and always will you hold
a place in this simple newspaper man's
heurt.
at a pile of gold pieces totaling $1,000
which had been found in a canvas belt
G I.. Chism. a. farmer residing near
Peoria, v ill go on trial for murder In
Jud:;o Stanford's court Monday morn
ing in Phoenix. A short esse is antiii
puted. Chi.-tn shot and killed a ;Tox-i-
an ram h hand at his farm near Pe
oria seve ral wei'ks ago. In his prelim
inarv examination in the justice court
he claimed fiat he shot the Mexican
::t:cr he h.ul been attacked with a
wait r bucket. The prosecution claims,
however, that Chlsm was the acgres
m r in the argument that preceded the
shorting, and that the; Mexicon used
the bucket merely in self-defense.
Charles T. Jennings is a member of
Cc n.pany A. l.'.Sth infantry at Camp
Kearney. Cal. The father of the babv
boy who claimed to be the; first sot
dire son of Arizona is a Yirginian and
went to Tempe in September. 191:!. as
one of the pioneer teai'iers in the new
high schoed. There he me t Miss Ijtur.i
.Ii-.imii. a native Arizona girl, anil a
pup'l of the high school. The romance
ci'lt i'i.ated in Kay where Miss Jensen
v ,! i -ineis-fiil teae hi r anj where
Mr. .It-nnmus w is leuni-cted with the
Kay Cuusolidated Copper company. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 2, 1918.
FIVE
EASON WILL OPPOSE
QUEEN TEAM TODAY;
PLAY CALLED AT 2:30
Tlie Copper Queen and Junction
Briggs teams of the Warren district
baseball league will battle this after
noon at 2:30 at the Warren ball or
chard and a large crowd is expected
biuce it iz. change day. .
The near-invincible Queen nine was
bumped by Hasty Hidwell Wednesd.iy
lor the second time and since Eason
stood the C. & A. batters on their
beads a week ago Manager Cal Earth
man of the Junctions expects to cop
today as Eason is slated to puzzle
the Queen clubbers.
Manager Fred Carnes of the Queen
had not named his pitching selection
last night but lriones or Campbell will
probably get the cal with Kerd Han
son and Lefty Couthran bringing up
the reserves.
lriones hurled against the Junctions
in their last meeting and did a neat
job of the slab work on that occasion
lor the four frames that he toiled. The
former Western leaguer is now becom
ing acclimated and will no doubt pitch
even better ball in bis next starts.
Campbell finished that game and was
hit hard in one inning but errors really
were responsible for a majority of the
counters tallied off his chucking.
The last two games played in me
league have been the best of the year
and indications point to a better brand
of baseball for the balance of the
season.
Wolgamot, clever army catcher
from Douglas, will be behind the plite
today and this will remedy the most
glaring defect shown in the Junction
armor iu a majority of the games lost.
A good catcher is the most essential
part to a ball club and high clas pitch
ing comes next. Without a good catch
er one cannot have first night twirling
and had Wolgamot been receivins
Eason would not have lost several con
tests charged against him .
The Queen team is still strong de
spite the loss of Stadelli and despite
the fact that Bidwell, a regular pitcher
ripe for league company, has defeated
lheui both times be has faced them.
They can be expected to give the fans
a run for their money every time out
and on paper figure to have the strou;;
est team in the league.
Today's game should be a hummer
if the clubs play up to form and if
Eason can repeat his fine work of a
week ago he may administer the same
dose of whitewash to the Queens that
he handed the C. & A. with his auto
graph compliments just to show he did
not have any hard feelings.
Pitman will probably not be able
to play today and if not Barnhill will
be In the game in left field. His fea
ture catch and great peg to the plate
were among the sensational stunts
pulled by the Junctions Sunday. Pit
man is a long distance hitter who
slams them often and a neat fielder,
and when he gets back in the game
regular the club will be much stronger.
The lineups as announced by the
rival managers for today follow:
Queen: Hesse, cf; Carnes. 2b; Wil
son, 3b: Whaling, lb; Krigbaum. ss:
Deardorf, if; Pitman or Barnhill, rf;
PAINS IN Ml
AND SIB
Yield to Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound.
Kansas City, Kansas. " i suffered
from pains in my back and side caused
, by p lunctional de
rangement, x was
nervous and had
headaches most of
the time. So many
people recom
mended Lydia E.
Pinkham'd Vege
table Compound to
me, I tried it and
after taking six bot
tles I am well. I do
not think the Vege
table Compound can
be beaten for wo
man's aiiments." Mrs. L-Timmerman,
3011 N. Hatchings St, Kansas City,
Kansa3.
Women v.-ho cufTer from heaachs,
nervousness, backache, the hlus and
other Fyrr.ptoms of a f unctional derange
ment should give this famou3 root and
herb remedy a trial.
For forty years it has been overcom
ing such ailments of women cftr other
medicines have failed.
If you want specia! ruggestion in
regard to your condition, write Lydia E.
Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass.
The result of long experience is at your
service, and your letter will bo heid iu
etrict c.:itidence.
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
GOSSAUD CORSETS FOR SALK
from $2."0 up. All corsets fitted.
Inez Warburton. next Arizona Gro
cery, upper Main. Phone Ml. !'-!
FOR SALK. Almost new furniture for
five rooms now in storage; must be
sold at once cheap. Fine lira.-s bed
mattress, springs, 2 bird's eye maple
dressers, tallies, chairs, dining table
chairs, rockers, nice gas range,
porch swing, fine rugs and linoleum,
good piano and phonograph. See
owner Monday at I'ishcc Transfer
Storage office. !U7
FOR RKNT Modern garage on paved j
toad in Warren. $5 per month. Tel-,j
ephone 836 or 383. l'.il'J !
1$
FOR RENT 3 rooms furnished. John- ;)
son Ave.. Johnson Addition. Phone j
Green i:ni. !i23 t
WANTED A young business woman!-
to tend cigar and soft drink slaiid.
good pay. Orphi uui Cigar Stand.
HI.-.
FOR SALE - Parched con: for c hick
ens. Orpheiiin Cigar Siand. M5
FOIJ RCNT I room I ari.islit il Ik.iisi .
bath, garage, on level, Tomhslon.'
Canyon. Ikx 2"M. ills i
IjiPI
;1H !v ;
o '
Lebrandt, c; Irions, Campbell, Hanson
and Cauthorn, p.
Junctions: puryear, lb; Johnson,
3b; Berkel, ss; Bijoliu. cf; Eason. p;
l'arnhill. If: Boat, rf Snyder. 2b; Wol
gamot, c; Winstead, Pettijohn, Floes,
Althoaus, sub.
Baseball Scores
NATio!i
W L Pet.
New York 2G 11 7S
Chicago 24 12 6i6
Cincinnati 21 1 540
Pittsburg 16 IS 470
Boston 18 21 461
Philadelphia 16 20 444
Brooklyn 13 24 351
St. Louis 14 23 379
HENDRICKS HOLDS BOSTON
BOSTON', June 1. Chicago won.
Hendrix holding Boston to six hits
while Kagan was hit freely. Catches
by Fielder Behgof Boston and the
playing of Hollocher at short stop for
Chicago were features. Scores:
R. H. E.
Chicago 100 020 1004 11 1
Boston 100 120 0003 6 2
Hendrix and Kilduff; Kagan and
Henry.
CELEBRATE HOME COMING
NEW YORK, June 1 New York
celebrated its return from a long road
trip by beating Pittsburg in a light hit
ting game, l'erritt blanked Pittsburg
with three hits. Cooper also pitched
well but New York bunched three out
of five hits on him for their two runs.
Zimmerman tripled in the fourth and
scored on Fletcher's single.
1 In the seventh, Zimmerman walked,
took second on a sacrifice and scored
on Reardon's single.
R. H. E.
Pittsburg 100 100 1000 3 0
New York 100 100 1023 5 0
Cooper and Schmidt; Perritt and
Rariden.
TWO HOMERS .
BROOKLYN. June 1. St. Louis won
its first game in the east. Brooklyn
played poorly, being charged with four
errors, but making even more errors
of omission. Home run drives by
Cruse and Baird featured.
Coombs, who relieved Marquard in
the sixth, earned $50 by hitting a sign
on the outfield fence. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 202 213 1009 8 1
Brooklyn loo 001 1002 10 5
Ames and Gonzales; MarquanL
Coombs and Krueger.
THREE HITS WIN GAME
PHILADELPHIA. June 1. Three
consecutive pitches by George Smith
decided the issue in today's game. Phil
adelphia coming from behind in the
eighth and beating Cincinnati. With
the score 2 to 1 and one out in the
eighth. Williams drove the ball over
the right field fence for a home run.
Stock hit the next pitch for a single.
j taking second on Neale's wild throw;
I in to fust. Luderus singled on the
j next pitch, driving in the winning run.
Cravath tripled and Meusel singled,
adding two more runs. Score:
R. H. E.
Philadelphia ..ooo 001 0203 6 1
Cincinnati 001 010 ooo 2 5 0
Smith and Wingo;' Mayer and Burns
Adams.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
W L Pel.
Boston 25 14 .641
New York 21 17 .552
St. Louis IS 16 .54:5
Chicago 17 16 .515
Cleveland 21 20 .512
Washington 17 23 .450
Philadelphia 14 22 .::$S
Letroit k. 10 22 .312
EXTRA INNING TILT
LETKOIT, Mich., June 1. Detroit
defeated Boston in 13 innings, HMI
mann driving in the winning run with
a two-base hit far over Strunk's head,
scoring Young, who had singled und
reac hed second on an out.
Boston tied the score in the ninth
after two were out, and precentcd
iH'troit from winning in thjir half of
the same inning by a double play with
the bases filled.
Boston ...100 VH 101 100 03 10 0
Detroit ...3i0 100 Inn loO 14 l' 3
J. Bush. Mays and Schang: Kallio.
Cunuingham and Yelle, spencer.
WRECK CHICAGO HOPES
CHICAGO. June 1. A tirple plav by
New York and bunched hits by the
Political
Announcepients
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate -or the nomination for the office
of Sheriff of Cochise county, subject
to the will of the voters at the demo
cratic; primary to be held on Septem
ber 10, 1'JIS.
C. E. CROSS.
FOR TREASURER
I hereoy announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of Treasurer of Cochise county,
subject to the will of the voters at the
democratic primary to be h'l: on
September In, 1SKS.
GL'Y C. WET-CM.
GOLDEN HOTEL j
Every room with running water !
and outside windows. !
Rates by the day, week or ;
month. 1
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
visitors gave them the first game of
their western invasion. Baker started
the play which wrecked Chicago's
hopes. The bases were filled, two men
had scored and none was out. Hior
masten had been replaced on the
mound by A. Russel. On a hit and
run. Gandil :lroe the ball on a line
toward left. Baker ran over and
speared it with his gloved hand, then
threw to Pratt doubling Felsch. Be
fore Weaver could get back to rirst
Pratt threw to Pipp, completing the
triple play.
New York 200 000 302 6 11 1
Chicago loo 000 0203 7 1
Thormalscn. Russell and Hannah;
Williams, Danforth and Schalk.
COAST LEAGUE
W L IV
I
Salt Lake
Sacramento ..
Los Angeles .
San Francisco
Vernon .
Oakland
...32 16
...29 25
. . . 32 2S .r.:',::
...-S 32 .46G
...27 32 .45S
..27 33 .450
Oakland, 25: Salt Lake 2.
Vernon, 8; San Francisco. 5.
Sacramento, 0; Los Angeles,
HARVARD DEFEATS YALE
DHRBY, Conn.. June 1. Harvard de
feated Yale by a length of open water
in their two mile eight-oared varsity
rac e.
WORK PROGRESSING
AT THE ROAD CAMP
The work at the road camp between
here and Tombstone is progressing
rapidly The surfacing is about com
pleted to the oite of the new camp and
arrangements are now being made to
move the camp to within about a mile
and a half from Tombstone. It is the
intention to open up the new road to
that place within the next week,' or as
soon as the small bridge is completed
near the present site of the camp. This
woik has been delayed on account of
the absence of the bridge foreman who
has been engaged elsewhere. He is
expected to start work on the bridge
within the next clay or so.
There are now 42 men at the camp
and arrangements are being made for
the taking care of about ten more.
There are this many now in jail await
ing sentence so that the camp will
now have plenty of men for the next
few months to complete the wori: :nio
Tombstone. With the opening of the
new road to tiavel and the big h:.'l out
Of Tombstone will be avoided. The
old road to the site of the new camp
has been put in shape for travel by
Engineer Cy Perkins.
LORETTO PUPILS
TO GIVE PAGEANT
The sisters of Luretto school here m I
Bisbee announce the giving of a pa-
geant. "The lira wing of the Sword,"
by the pupils of the school on tiie
mam of June 11 at St. Patricks nail.
This will be a most notable perform
ance, for not only Is it well known
that the sisters devote more than pa? s-
ANNA KOLA
Foot
Specialist
TREATS ALL AILMENTS OF THE
FEET. You have no doubt been
FAKED by some of the traveling
chiropodists. The entire profession
cannot be condemned on acount ot
a few fakers. I claim to be the
only lady chiropodist in the I'nited
States uring the original Dr. Zambia
Method and his private formulas.
The torus are removed mot trim
med by the only scientific method
that the entire corn can be removed
without blood, pain or after-soreness.
Ingrowing toe-nails success
fully cured while working. She has
now on exhibition the largest col
lection of extracted corns ever
placet! on exhibition in this country.
My motto: "Limp in anil walK
out." Alst) agent y for Ego Corn
Remedy ami Wizard Arch Support
ers. Hours. !t:o0 a. in. to S::;n p. m.
Electric
Shoe Shop
l.rewcry (itilch
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street. Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
BISBEE TRANSFER.
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Wareiiouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 610 and GO.
ing skill and ordinary patience and
thoroughness to their clashes in those
school affairs, but the pageant itself
is tar out o" the ordinary of atlairs
of this kind. It is notl ing less tli-ui
an efiort to dramatize broadly the pur.
poses of the allied nations in this giv.u
war. It was iir.-t given at Cartiegio
institute in New Vork in June of last
year, with 150 principals taking part.
It will present by means of heauti
ni! and striking smbols the aims and
ideals of the great allied nations.
Ti ut It, Liberty and Ju:;tite as well an
all of the allied nations themselves
fire represented by the characters in
this great pageant. It promises to
he one of the most ambitious ami at
the same time beaittilul and patriotic
ceremonies yet given in the district
since the beginning of the war.
ARIZONA HEADS LIST
Arizona's leaJing position in hav'-ng
furnished more men for the army and
navy of the United States, according
to population, than any other state in
the union, is clearly shown in the Na
tional Quota Sheet of June 1. which
has just been received at the office of
Adjutant General Charles W. Harris,
at the syne house.
The sheet shows that just before the
call of May 27. there were in all the
I'nited States 1.232.0S6 men in "Class
1. A comparison of the number o'
men in Class 1 in each state shows
plainly that in a majority of the states
the number of men placed in Class 1
is very low. especially when the num
ber placed in that class in Arizona is
considered.
Had other states equaled the record
cf Arizona in proportion to population,
there now wojld be 5,0i)0,noo men in
the service.
"This report gives Arizona an ex
cess of 5!2 men over our proportion
due under the last call,"- said Colonel
Harris yesterday.. "The reason for
this is because the last call was based
on the old estimate of population and
the call is made on that estimate. But
these figures are based on the new law
which buses the call on the number
of men placed in Class 1."
The last call, which was filled May
27, took on an average a little more
than 50 per cent of all men in Class
1 in the I'nited States, according to
this cjuota sheet just received.
HEAR PROFESSORS' CASES
fly Ftevtew Lt.psotl Wirto
L:Xc'Ci.Ni Neb.. (iii 1. Testi
mony tending to show that six pro
fessors cf the University of Nebraska
have been loy;:l in their sttitude to
ward tii. war was given today at the
hearing instituted by the university's
hoard of regents af:r the council of
defense bad charged that some of the
school' ? instructors were not aggres
sively American.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
I 'ml. T the heading of "Political An-nowu-e'in
nls" iii this paper today will
be found the announcement of Guy
C. Wel.-;Ii who seess the democratic
i.oinination for the office of county
treasurer cl the ensuing primary elec
tion. Vhis will be no surprise as it
has been understood that Mr. Welch
would aspire for that posit Urn.
Mr. Welch has lilied the position of
under : herili ior six years ami a half,
entering the sie'iilf s office when liar
ry C. U litt ler was elected sheriff ,t
the tirst slate election. He is remind
ed as cue of the best clerical lue'.l
around the court house and one oc
casion v. lien the state examiner has
always received h.gii comme ndatioii
for his elficiency. When D. ii. John
son examined the sheriff's oaice in
11-14 h'j .'iii.tle the following comment
"We wish to commend the office af
fairs of this department as being prob
ably the best conducted sheriff's of
fice in the state."
The result was the same when the
piesent slate examiner made an ex
amination of the sheriffs office last
April. Mr Koiindtree then said -Mr.
Welch v.as deserving of much credit
for tiie efficient manner in which he
conducted the ou'ice. He is lui'.v see
ing as sheriff filling out the unexpired
term of Ml. Wheeler.
.Mr. Welch has been a resident of
the count v tor a number of years.
was in the employ of the Copper Queen
store it Nat o for some time and a-;
then mai.agi.-r of the Hereford ranch
for V. C. Greene and then went into
the sho.hlY, oft tee as stated a:ove. IK'
has hosts of friends throughout the
(ounty who will rally to his support
for his t.u didacy for treasurer.
Additional Gty Eriefs
EARLV CLOSING REQUESTED.
In interest of economy, T. A.
Riordan. food administrator, has is
sued an appeal lor th" closing o ' s! :'s
by dealers in food supplies? on bu.uh . s
and at 0 o'clock every evening.
SPECIAL VENIRE.
The fcllowi:: ; are I'le t:t!"
t
special vcr.ii' it i'.v.i.vr. . ii" iv-
por.c:l in Tomb-tone !'r:d:iy i-ornin:
Ii. M. .lor.i-s. .1 ,J i:.u.v: !:. A. WiMig.
.'o'mi INvnes. ., in it -; Huucn j'atiie.i
iie'.l, Robert .Mc Carney, C.eor.e H'ir
re:. (t .Msbe.-; .t. i". Stewart. Vic'or
Lcck-uar. A- II. North trii'ii. O. J. Hur
ley. Thomas U'ri.'ht. jol:n imsland. of
l;Di:u!as; Joe Miles, of Johnson: Kruiii
LalUrd t i' Hon L::is: James H. Hart
of Warren, Frank Wiseman of Naco.
SURPRISE THEIR FRIENDS.
James I!u.-h and Mis Leona Allen
mctored to Douglas and were mar
rit J at high no.m June 1. by Rev. Linn
cf the Kirs: llaptist church of that
United Chine Oil Stockholders
Attention
I WANT TO MEET EVERY STOCKHOLDER IN OUR COMPANY
WHILE IN BISBEE. THOSE WHO HAVE NOT BEEN KEEPING
IN TOUCH WITH RECENT DEVELOPMENTS SI IOULD SEE ME,
AS I HAVE GOOD NEWS FOR YOU.
I AM HERE AS A SPECIAL REPRESENTATIVE TO EX
PLAIN THE PLAN TO ALL STOCKHOLDERS OUTLINED IN
OUR RECENT LETTER INVITING YOU TO CLEAR YOUR
STOCK OF THE TWO CENTS DUE WHEN OIL IS PRODUCED
IN COMMERCIAL QUANITIES IN ORDER Ti IAT YOU MAY
TAKE ADVANTAGE Or THE OPPORTUNITY TO TRADE IN
YOUR STOCK THROUGH THE VARIOUS EXCHANGES
PLANS FOR LISTING THE UNITED CHINO ON THE NEW
YORK CURB AND VARIOUS OTHER EXCI lANGES ARE NOW
UNDER WAY, AND IN VIEW OF THIS FACT. AS WELL AS Ti iE
FACT THAT WE ARE ACTUALLY GETTING OIL AND GAS
IN OUR CHINO WELL, WE FEEL THAT IT WILL BE GREATLY
TO THE ADVANTAGE OF EVERY STOCK! IOLDER TO i I AVE
HIS STOCK CLEAR. AS THIS STOCK SHOULD BRING HAND
SOME PRO! ITS TO YOU WI 1EN I r BECOMES ACTIVE ON T!
STOCK EXCI lANGES.
I WILL BE AT SASSE'S RESTAURANT. WHERE OUT.
BRANCH OFFICE IS LOCATED. FOR THE NEXT SEVEN U'
EIGHT DAYS.
POSITIVELY NO STOCK I OR SALE
E. A. BURNS
SPECiAL REPRESENTATIVE
United Chino Oil and Refining Company
i city. They were at oinpanied by Mrs.
Wills, mother of the bride, and Mr.
and Mrs. Douglass. The bride is a
oiiug lady ot winning qualities and
ioved by all that Know her. The groom
is well known, being count ted with
t lie Quality Tailors. Their many
friends join in wishing them a long,
happy and proseprous life together.
SENT TO CODY.
John I'ag'iasotii. formeily master
mechanic for the Cot Mis.- Motor Co lit
llisbee. wiis Friday sent to Camp Cody
by th;; Local Hoard, ile was confined
to his bed when tiie last contingent
l"ft from Douglas for l amp Cody and
when lie recovered immediately re
pot ted to the board to be sent to
camp. I'.t ing an Xpert mechanic he
expects to be attached to the aviation
corps and sent to France soon. He
tun speak three languages, Italian, his
native tongue. French, where he spent
a number of years, ami English.
SURPRISE PARTY.
Many of the Ioretto School chil
dren enjoyed tne surprise party given
Thursday evening at the home of Miss
Rose H. Duffy, on Mason Hill. Sing-
Don't Let Catarrh
k T Yu
There U
Catarrh than the annoyance caused
by the stopped-up air passages, and
the hawking and spittinjr and other
distasteful features.
The real danper comes from the
tendency of the di.case to continue
its course downward urtil the lur.g?
become affected, and then dreaded
consumption is on your path. Your
own experience has'tsttjrlit you that
iho u.'uoo cannot Le cured by
WANTED WANTED
Fifty more me nto take advantage of Free Military Instruc
tion, under United States Soldiers.
Fifty mora men to take advantage of Free Military Instruc
nighi at 6:30 o'clock at Lowell Army Camp.
CALIFORNIA'S
UNIQUE
rv
A .'lAU.MTl "DK OF NKW ATTRACTIONS AND AMI SK.M K.VI'S. Home of
the celebrated Concrete Kndless l'leaure 1'ier. Larger-t hot water plunge
in Western America. Mammoth dancing pawilion. Racins coaster. Surf
l.atVng. Tennis. Fascinating motor trips. Beauti-
ful shady picnic gi
y.'f plav grounds. Best
fk coast. DAILY B.A
'lfT A LL-A.M ER1CAX 1
fiw- apartment, cottage
jfj Cool and invigorati:
picnie grounds
deep
BAND
BAND.
and
rvtee to and troni Ms
ai -'
if un c
I1AMBKR OF ' COMMERCE, Redondo Leach Calif.
ing and games occupied the evening.
Music was furnished by Rita Ford
and Marion MeCusker. Those present
were: Misses Kita Ford, Margaret
Campbell, Kathleen Ryan. Margaret
Ryan. Genevieve Ryan, Elizabeth Kel
ly. Eileen Kely, liorothy McAboy,
Marion McCusker, Katie Divine, Marie
Divine, Maruaret McKeuna, Rose H. '
Duffy, and Masters Teddy Morris Kel
ly. John .McCusker. John Joseph, Ryau,
James Woods and Lilie Novis.
HAO NARROW ESCAPE.
j Proprietor Craw ford, of the Quick
Lunch counter ut Lowed, and a iiis-
bee traiioferinan had a narrow escape
j from being kilied Friday afternoon
j w hen the truck on which they were
I going to L'pper Lowell was struck by
a swttcli engine. 1 hey natl started to
l'pper Lowell with two trunks anil bad
reached the crossing when the auto
balked aid would not go either way
j The switch engine was coming down
at a lively rate and hit til's truiii car
rying it into the cut where it was
thrown to one side. Crawford was
only slightly injured a; wtt the driver
of the truck.
Drag
into Consumption
sprcys. . inhalers. atnmiTPrc
jellies
and other local annlicarinns
S. S. S. has proven a most satisfac
tory remedy for Catarrh because it
?oes direct to its source, and w- t
moves the germs of the disease from
the blood Get a bottle from your
drUfTJrist today. inJ hotrin Vi nl
bp-ica! treatr.ent that give real re-
sue s, i ou c;n obtain special medical
rdvice without charre by writing" to
Medical Diretn 97 ?u.-;Ct- lk
---- - - - . . - . , . wnu. MIVV;
toiy, Atlanta, Ga.
BtACH
RESORT
oer!ooktii5 ocean. Free
sea and pier r:sn:ng on the
CONCERTS BY FAMOl S
Very reasonable hotel.
tent city rates best stores.
1
ating climate. Splendid electric car
Angeles. rite for folder SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 2, 1918.
Red Cross Honor Roll
Lists of the subscribers to the sec
ond Red Cross war fund which have
been published during the past week
of the drive in The Review, will con
tinue to ap.vear from day to day, until
the final naunes have been published.
Following an additional list of
Honor Roll members:
Trm Crellin .,
Sam Shearer
J. E. Union .
J. 1. Sabin ....
Joe Hope
J. K. I:rewer
Contributes Amount
Tom C. LanvJiero S
X M. Spark
Pat Beecbcr 5
F. G. Henderson 5
J. W. Bean .. 5
Dave Villancicio. - 5
Rejino Rubaklilo
Henry Shearer ..
Antone Krall 5
F. Crouch s
W. V. Hill - - 2.50
V. Lopas 1
Harl Price - - :
Ed. Earnett - - - 2
J. D. Sheffield . - 5
J. V. KUmmerly - - 5
P. Bratvo - - - 5
A. J. Larson - &
A. V. Sir it h - 9
T. M. English - 5
Dave Carver 3
Chas. H. La Mar 5
G. W. Hoff
Geo. Forrey - - - 5
William .Dawson 5
Geo. Duikan - - ?
Stanley Caxver -
H. L. Fostnr - 2
Jas. Whisnand -- 5
L. H. Moon - 2
F. E. Barnes - 5 5U
J n. Harriw -
Floro PeJuee
Timoteo Lopez - - - 4
W. W. Lucy - - 4
W. P. Mardorc
Oto Bjork .- "
Thos. McKinney 4
Ed. Tam
Ed. Dickinson - -
L. H. Benton - 4
Jchn Sedlacek : 3
J. P. Hicks - - - 4
Frank Ballard - 4
J. H. Klindzman - 1 5
John Kinsella . 5..
E. T. Kempton - - 6
W. Douglass 4
Andy Gutian ' 4
J. Newell 4
Wm. Hugh 5
Win. Linsey - 4
Amos. Shreve - 4
S. A. Henrys - 4
Join Loving - 4
Wmv Arlett - 4:
C. K. Baker -
Joe MarteJnene 4
P. H. fall - 4
Geo. DuVcan - j
.Tas. Dwyar 4
R. J. Clow 4 ,
Louis SVeery - -- '
Chas. King ..- - 4
Geo. Dariiautr ---: -
E. A. Four tain
Wm. Catter ....
V. G. Garci:t ....
R. K. Covin a ton
Tom Davis
Wm. lieim
J. W. Hartman
; Richard Thomas
C. K. Stokeley
George Manley
'J. T. Jones
Hugh X. Shaw
Alike Davis
Fred McDonald -..
Gabriel Acota
Oscar Wynn
J. H. Haggard .....
Jce Hogler :
H. Duncan -
L. B. Goodridge
Chas. Phillips
I. M. Cheetham
' E. L. Crawley
Louis French
.Herbert Hall
Ysabel Odroa
F. E. Smith
John Medigovich
Chas. E. Johnson -..
B. C. Duncan
C. Tweedle
Tom Ford -
R. H. Matthews
Fred Gomez
Ed. Hoik
Ed. Carlson -
Antcn Dahl
J. Mikoff
Sam Abyarow
A. S. Wadsworth
Jas. Cook
Geo. Worden
Bob Evans
Joe Bello
Thos. Dockerty
John Gohrig
John Charon
A. L. Ralph
W. W. Gidley
IF. Rhend
G. Munsey
R. C. Sheward
Thos. F. Ryan
T. Long
Chris Varich
M. Mitchell
A. J. Morgan
.lolin Bles
J. W. Scott
Tom Tucker
A. C. Savage
Narcio Nieto
1joe Col ford
10J Sam Liddicot
fjJoe Williams
2 , j p Noroross
2iP. F. Prather
5 V. M. Casev
4jJ. H. Flowers
4 iTlieodoro Rodriguez
4 : Otto Liesman
1 1 H. L. Fenner
jj. Malessa
4 I Tnlin Hini'lft
i
E. J. Eschberger
2 I Chas. H. Frantz
4 ' C. Rooney
2,H. X. Smith
4 ! Frank Enkosky
2 I Herbert Warmington
' Geo. Welch
2 i X. D. Xavarette
2 I Francisco Gonzales ...
2 J. W. Hays
2 T FT Wall
10 :
5
5 :
10
1 1 xelson Marr
r..S5
5
5
- 5 t ,
6
5;
5 ,
10 it
5 ,
- 61
Tom Retallack 5 1
Chas. Kakukar
Sam Ryall
V. H. ( ass
Mike Bertino ...
Xick Orneros ....
W. B. Humphrey
J. S. Warren
Monroe Ashley .
David Fiayfair ....
H. G. Thomaaon
J. W. Hayes
P. M. Horn
John Nelson
James Hileman ,
Mike Murphy
E. Poole
J. P. Vickers
P. R. Bird
M. Brereton
W. R- Merritt
Ali Stansfield
Chris. Dabovich ....
H. C. Dcunes
J. F. Piclick
Luis P. Martinez
X. John Linnes ..
P. R. Corken
W. J. Hutterman
Henry Rowe
C. D. Reeve1
G. W. Pierce
S. L. Marvin
H. D. Benton -
Mrs. Angelo Bays
Dave Truscott 2
Surface Department
F. A. Chapman -
vr c Rolf
2!Sid Hellings
W. S. George 2
J. M. Gray
Xap. Blais
John Irwin -
8 Jose Santos
4
5
4
5
2
A
Miguel Valdez
J. J. Harrington
W. V. McCleary
M. R. Oilman
H. A. Hillman
James Brooks
Jas. Goar
...5
Frank Copeland
L. E. Gates
B. Annanada -
H. Williard . i
George Stedman
J. P. Wright . k
John Ross
B. Lusa
Robt. McCartney
F. S. Davenport -J.
R. Bean
H. C. Smoot
E. M. Carter
Alex Borgatta
H. F. Yoder
H C. Henrle
i Frank Bull
u. jr. naie
'2!
5'
50 ;
5i
6
Z
2
2:
35!
10
10 ,
5,
5
&
5
5
Milo McXairy
R. S. Hunt
Jas. GIa."on
M. M. ShaTikiin
A. S. Peikert - -
Toney Runkski -
C. Pelusf ;
J. Cortazar -
Thos. Moriarty
Fred Genette
Geo. Lewis -
Frank Mosler - -
M. B. Mrse
Preston bailey -
P. J. DuCfy - - -
V. Peikert - - -
W. E. Best -
Leo Kieffer .
W. G. Jeffries
Dan Browving
....2.50
20
10
10
5;
5
il
4
II
6,
4i
C. M. Wolcott - - Si
John Woods -
Chas. Harkins - 4
T V Penolls 4
Sam Rash - - - 4
Israel Skinner
Barnes Tustin -
Ed. Hunter -
F. M. Beao
F. G. Greenway
D. D. Clark .
Key Phillips
W. T. Smithram
A. Gillis
J. E. Hayden
Thomas Sandi
W. J. Crowe
O. McLeod
Southwest Mine
Dave A. Beebe
Robert Fulton -..
G. Euffone -
E. D. Lane
S. J. Martin
Sam Stacke
Joe Bozdart -
F. M. Ruff - -
J. H. Coldiron -
Lew Supple - -
John Vickers' -
Jack Smith
R. M. Ingram -
Pete Corkill . f.
Jack Payne
C. L. Clemmers - -
Frank Colllnson
Phil Krater -
Leander Jolinson
John Trogalia
G. L. Cutter
Mike Jeren -
H. Vivian -
T. J. Spaulding
Walter Brown -
Chris Pothast -
Mike Port
Henry Warmington
John Gilbert -
Joe McGarry -
Soze Blagojesik
John Wilson
Sam Verran -
J. T. Williams
" George Gearhart
j Tom M. Johnson
- Jack W. Biggs
5 r w. Rowlett
3jM. A. Bonham ...
James Parr - 2
John Kennedy 1
J. Burt - 6
William Snell 1
J. R. Covington 1
Pete Rajenvich 1
Jno. X. Scott 1
G. Alverado - 2
M. P.-Campbell 1
Tom Yelland - 2
P. E. Andrews 6
Milo Sargent 2
F. K. Moores 4
Ed. Harris 1
C. Blais 1
George Wootan 4
Ralph Grant 5
J. R. Ferrell 1
Nemo Debely - 1
Wm. Letfgewood 1
Eugene Keiily 1
W. A. McNeil 1
B. E. Carlson 4
Scott Adams 1
William K:U:ards 2
Mrs. Robert H. Neil .. 2
B. H. Keating 1
Thos. Quinn !
Robert H. Neill 2
R. Strachan 1
E. F. Pettus 2
Ed. Melville 1
A. R. Neese - 4
T. A. Brown 2.50
Walter H. Hail 2
Joe Abril 1
Van Not her! in 1 I
Joe Pharoah 5
James W. Lanyon 1
John ( 'liver
J. W. Jones - v. 4
R. M. Thursby '. 4
C. W. Martin 1 '
H. C. Trees 5 I
Oscar Jones 4 I
Henry Hodges 2 1
W. Post . - 5
A. C. Stuart
Troy Hockin - -
W. Grant
A. E. Rountree
Ramon Reyna
W. Holm
Nick Pinchncr
A. R. Sullivan
W. T. Brown
John Novak
Paul Beecher .
R. L. Thompson
Clifford Johnson
J. Cartmel
Ed. J." Baker
J. T. Toland
W. J. Richards
R. E. Reagan
W. D. Malone -
P. J. Fleming
J. J. Corkill
Addis Lake
D. Scarlonot
T. M. Hastie - -
A. Kleindienst .
M. Prieto
Jesus Suarez
L. Warmington
John Fatuses
Paul Sandorg
R. J. Radcliffe
A. I). Irown -
Joe Reel
John Ferrell
B. F. Vhapman
Claud Sullivan
William Clemo
W. H. Schmitt -
John Hawley
J. V. Hakaris
John Petrovich
P. C. Andrews
P. Pavenoich
R. V. Davis
Jack Fletcher
T. J. Connell
John Black - j. ...
J. E. Davis
Mike Sullivan
W. A. Young
Fred Climo
Frank Abato
W. P. Parker
O. G. Kirchner
R. A. Davison
Charles Ellenwood
T. G. Jones
Wm. J. Stack
Chas. Y'archo
G. A. Chapman
Geo. L. Ward
A. Kennaugh
John Gundry
Wm. E. Carver
C. P. LeMIeux ....
Chas. Tschirhart
A. C. Dean
Wm. Barton
V. Rudolph
C. W. Sheehan ..
Jesus Valdez
M. Herries
Dan Fowler
M. P. Sherrill ....
Wm. Reese
T. E. Baker
W. J. Kirk
M. H. Halt
J. G. Gibson
S. H. Abel
C. B. Brown
D. F. Thompson
J. C. D. Walsh
Tucker & Smith
M. G. Lusa
R. F. Hancock
Sam Sutcliffe
C. V. Lisman
Chas. G. Wood
C. A. Melas ..
F. W. Carnes
Jose Guterez
B. H. Reincke
S. J. Connelly
Lysaght Dupen
J. E. Stinson
R. A. Williams
R. L. Bass
A. P. McComas ..
F. O. Colson
T0 fd
5 a
5 1
5lS
:::::::: It
2,ffi
2 a
.::: li
- 2 H
4
5
5
5
51
4
4
2!
4
4 j
5!
4 1
r.
s
5
5 I
4!
6
10 1
5!
1
Charles Ramqulst
Tom Anguis
George Osslc
Robt. Caley -
F. W. Littlejohn
Ed. Corkish
P. J. Higgins
R. P. Saffold
5 1 P. G. De Alva
10 j C. & C. Shaft
5 Thos. X. Jewell
10 Ed. McKelvey
5 Paul Trabucco ..
5 Joe McNeils
5 T. Orton .
10 W. A. Carahan
5 John Marron
5 John O'Keefe
5 Jack Dilligen
5 . Fred Yarcho .
5 ! Joe Knox
6 1 Dan Murphy -
5JJ. J. Graham
5 C. E. Winney
5 j Wm. Dew
5 I Fred Togorl
2 ! A. Swinson
6: James Ross
5
5 Fred Hedgbloom
6; Peter Henderson
5 j Harvey llutner
5'C. A. Sparks
6 Richard Mathews
5 'John Adams
5jB. C. Williams
5 II. M. Mclean
5 , J. J. McCrea
10 1 Dan Donovan
A I
lU I
i
ill
::::::::: t
I
i
- 6 ii
- i
--" ll
a I
: Il
5 a I
5- I
6
EEE il
Miscellaneous I -
5 H I
ti
- o ,m I
K' I
EEEz .! I
Ladies' Plain Suits
$1.50
Gentlemen's Suits
$1.50
Thrift
tamps
TheQ
Tl
Want to Give You
1 .. rMiiwin r
Phone, postal or call and let us know where we
can deliver these stamps, and at the same time se
cure what garments you may want cleaned and
pressed.
We offer you a thrift stamp for each and every
suit, dress, or hat we can clean for you.
Our newly equipt cleaning and pressing plant
assures you that our work is the acme of perfec
tion. Our presser is a marvel in his line. . This is the
day of specialists, we're "it" on cleaning and pressing.
No garment leaves our shop until we are pleased
with it. You will be too.
Call in, see our suitings and pantings and hear
onr "big propozish" for that fall suit.
Cleaned,
Pressed and
Thrift Stamp
TTTT TT! O
m
Tl
itaker
MeitMi
The Quality Tailors
Main Street -Opposite Wells Fargo Express
DtAn QIC Goods Called For
1 llOne OlO and Delivered SEVEN
I
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 2, 1918.
Distri
News
Yosemite Attracts Arizona Motorists
T
i .. 4 v v" - -tit v
F ' - '..t y j
r. -sVv:v vv'a .-aLu. V
lJV . ,MV1 4" A' V
Many Planning to Visit California's Wonderland. Goodrich Road
Signs Point the Way
"Where shall we go after we have
seen the Grand Canyon, Apache Trail,
and the other wonders of our state?
is a question the Arizona taotorist
frequently asks himself," said J. J.
Bowen of the Bisbee Auto Co., local
Goodrich tire dealer.
"The answer lies to our west, in our
sister state, California. Arizonans
are acquainted with her wonderful
stretches of beach and shore, for thou
sands hie themselves every year to
enjoy the cooling breezes and waves
of the great Pacific.
"But the Golden State has attrac
tions in her mountains and valleys
that rival those of her coast line. Fore
most of these is the wonderful Yosem
ite Valley in the east central portion
of the state.
"Few places in America equal this
spot for scenic igrandeur and out-door
appeal. As one rides over the Wawo
na Road, one of the good roads leading
into the valley, he has no conception
of what th-re is in store for him. Up
through the hills and mountains it
winds until at about 8,000 feet, a sud
den curve reveals the wonders of the
valley. Riding a mile above the river
at this point one cannot help but ex
claim at the beauty of the vista that
Nature has set out before hhn.
"Inspiration Point, happily names,
is soon reacheo, and" here a scene
greets the eye that has no rival on the
continent. To the right is Ribbon
Falls, cuiting through a rock wall in
a white line of tumbling foam. Further
on, EI Capitan stands commandingly
over the entrance to the valley and,
as the eye sweeps the horizon, it takes
BRAEN
TIRE S
CHAMPION
of the Roads
ma
MftfN ! Men, Odllc
mti :f transform fabri
; rear ago BRAENDER TIRES
; mace a record for tire endur
; ance. That record has b;eo
; maintained by the same carelul
; selection of men, materials and
v r- Vr-, I
:d tire makers.
ric and rubber into
''a tiro MAUL. 1 he
fabric is of lor.g Staple Sea Islur.d
Cotton; t-elecLed Ps.ra rubber
', combines the fabrics, but tough,
J compounded rubber covers the
tread, fhey are cured the wrapped tingle cure method.
As the single result cf care in the selection cf men,
materials and methods, a STRONG WIDEWALL,
TOUGH TREAD TIRE is consistently made.
The BRAENDER NGN-SKID operates from friction
and vacuum principle and so effectively prevents skid
ding. It early earned the name BULL DOG NGN
SKID. SJS "BE TIRE TO TIE TO"
HYDE & STRACK
in the North Dome. Glacier Point,
Sentinel Rock, the Three Graces, aud
Bridal Veil Falls.
, "This is but a sample of what Is to
follow. Continuing down into the val
ley, the motorist has the choice of va
rious fine camps and hotels at which
to put up. Days can be spent tramp
ing about the valley, visiting the va
rious scenic points. At night sleep is
sweet in this region for the air Is
scented with the ordor of pine and
balsam. 9. 1
"So motoring education is complete
without a 4rip to the Yosemite, and
the motorist should plan on it as
much as he does his visit to the Grand
Canyon," concluded Mr. Bowen.
"The Goodrich Tire Testing Fleet
visited the Yosemite last year. Here,
as at every other place, the Goodrich
casings proved their mettle, and dem
onstrated conclusively that they were
'Best in the Long Run' for the motorist,"
Phone 859
Cii'ubulors
JOHNSON ADDITION
Auto Supplies
EVER TIGHT PISTON
liNGS SAVE TROUBLE
The F.i-cr Tight Piston Ring, a three
piece rini; with novel mcchuuical feat
ures, is-lx ing introduced to Ihe East
ern trade through a National News
paper advertising campaign.
The ri!:g, which has been Oil the
it'Hrkel foi six years, is well .tii.l fav
orably known to the tradn in t!i'; vVest
and Smithies!, but has only recently
l:cn exploited in the eastern market.
The novel feature of th-i rlu is a
combination three point i!iral expan
sion mi l l ight angle iuteilock.
Nea'lv every automobile owner has
at some t me had more or lesi tr.uible
with his motor on account of oi! pass
ing the riiigs and getting on xpurk
plugs, causing the motor to mis:; Itr
iug an:l ::lso lo.v. f powei, resulting
finm th'; conipref-led gas tilowing by
the old style one piec ji-it )'i :iti(,.s,
all of which, it is liuime'i. Is stopped
by the use ot u ring of the construc
tion described herein.
STARVED BATTERIES
MUST BE RECHARGED
It is commonly known that a man
who has ben without food for a long :
period cannot immediately resume
heavy eating without serious results. :
Scientifically the reasoi for this is
that his system is not prepared for sud
den overloading. He must be fed small
quantities of food frequently in order j
that his system may adjust itself to ,
changed conditions. j
This condition has an exact parallel
when applied to storage batteries. A
storage battery which Is in a com
pletely exhausted condition, or what
is commonly known as "starved" can
not be brought back to normal again
simply by running the engine and gen
erator. Many car owners believe that
they can recharge an exhausted bat
tery by this method. This practice, ;
however, is a mistake, the direct re-1
suit of which is to shorten the bat
tery's life.
The only way to properly recharge
an exhausted battery is to have an
expert remove it from the car and I
charge it from an outside source at the
proper rate, carefully adjusted to meet
the changed condition of the battery.
i "Our equipment,'" says Mr. Wright,
the local YVillard representative, re
cently, "is complete in every respect.
with the most modern type of delicate
electric instruments. We have found
many cases where a battery had to
be recharged very carefully in order to
conserve its life. This calls for a
great deal of care and constant watch
ing on the part of our men. all of
whom are experts in their line."
I
car
f
REDONDO BEACH OPEN
REDONDO BEACH. Cal.. June 1.
Opening its 1918 summer season .with
greater pomp than has ever been not
ed at any western resort in the pat.
Reddndo I leach bids well to be crowd
ed all duiing the coming weeks with
happy, l;ht-hearted pleasure noekers.
Neither time nor money has been
spared in placing Aedondo to th fore,
and so nn.ny and varied are the jiw
attractions that the visitors this year
will be disappointed if they think I hey
can "cover" everything in ;i day or
even a week. Scores of new amuse
ment features have been added, giving
the .Midw&y, picturesquely known as
the "El Taso", the appearance of a
combination of several world's fair joy
zones.
LocaU'd only 20 miles from the heart
of Los Angeles and connected by the
Pacific Electric operating frequent car
service, and a number of smooth mot
or boulevards, RedonUo will be the
playground of thousands of folks this
summer.
The mammoth salt water indoor
plungo, the largest and most expens
ive in tilt world, costing one million
dollars, u open daily and during the
evenings and is the favorite place for
those who live in inland cities and do
not have the opportunity of enjoying
this healthful diversion. Surf bathing
in the tolling breakers and canoeing
on the quiet waters beyond ttie surf
have already become ponrlar not with-
Another Carload of 1918
3
L
Has Just Arrived
From the Factory
and these cars are now on display at our Lowell Salesroom. Dealers
in all parts of the country are clamoring for cars and we were fortu
nate in securing this shipment of the famous valve-in-the-head Buicks.
We can make immediate delivery on Buick four-cylinder and six
cylinder models, including both five and seven passenger cars. On
account of freight congestion we can not say when we will receive
another carload, so we advise you to investigate the famous smooth
running Buick NOW before it is too late.
Buick Light Four . .$945
Buick Light Six . . . $1450
Buick Seven Passenger . $1690
All prices F. O. B. Bisbee
Southern Arizona Auto Company
Phone 833
Main Street
Lowell
JJ
standing the earliness f the scaM.
A special dance orchestra fully cap
able of ripping off the latest jazz
tunes lias been engaged for the enjoy
ment of the young couples and thoie '
who like tc feel young. Ttie Ketiondo
dance pavilion is one of rtie largest in
the coa;,t and will comforti:b!y accom
modate uOf couples. .
The i.ig schools of Ytileu Tail and
other soorty varieties of tho fin tribe
i that hav; started to swarm th? waters
I along th j mammoth pier hers have l.e
j gun to draw anglers front all parts of;
ithe Southland, and voters j fshemien
'state that there is every reasonable
j indication to believe that tho fishing ,
'will be better than for many yoars
i past.
Appetizing fish dinners, wita the j
fish caught from the waters, , i'j fckt-
urtd on the pier and are a great lie-,
light to visiters from inl ir.J cities.
Redoatlo has many unique advani- ;
ages no other beach can boast of. It
is magr.ilicently situated on a protest
ed crescent-shaped bay. To the oast
rise the green 1'ulos Verde Hills v.Ju
rocky head'.uuds jutting abruptly trotn
tiie sea, a distance o two hundred I';rt
or more. The beautiful while s:ind
"oeach stretches altmg uninter'fpKil
for a distance of many miles. On enc
side of Kedondo is situated Clitton-by-thesea,
the aristocratic residential
section, while several small but thriv
ing beajh towns are located on the otn
er side.
REQUEST LOYALTY
(tiy Itevlew Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. June 1 tpon re
ceiving vcrd today that Mechanics and
shcpiue.i of the Rock Island and other
railroad were threatening a strike on
next .Monday for higher wages than
Director General McAdoo's recent or
der authorized, the railroad adminis
tration fsked themen by telegraph to
remain at work and announced that
the new board on railroad wages aud
working conditions would take up the
machinist.-: application nxt week aud
give a decision as soon as possible.
REVIEW WANT AOS BRING
RESULTS.
10 BUICKS SOLD TO
LOCAL PURCHASERS
Duriirr the past week the Souiiicrn
Atizcin Auto company sold and de
livered tf.n Uuick four and six cylin
der car, according to an aunounce
ti'eii tiiu.lf yesterday by .Manager Ed.
numb. Every machine included in
tho two carload 'Shipment received
from tin laotory ten days ag- l:;is
l mi tii j i ed i and only the arri'.-ul
f all: '.ter c n load etenl;iy s.ivrd
I'!;iinli l',iiii disappointing see-al to
tal peop'e who tire prepared lo t;il;e
d'-liv:;., c.l tars this we'.s.
"ilitsine'.s never better," said
I'l'.itub .n sp'1. living of tl.is sales re.:
( r.l. '"If teurs-i everyone knows
t'e'i" i: "i.'mI'i.I In be .1 shnrl.ie of
uinlor :i' i.s a leu mouths as pre. hie
ti'.ii has been riirtiilled per
K ill .mil tl.i fact is causing people
j to buy cuii while they are obtainable."
A Correct Answer is the Only
Battery Insurance
Guesses at battery condition open the switch
for battery trouble. You're running without
signals unless you know what's doing inside
your battery.
Has enough waterbeen added?
, Is your battery properly charged?
Has too much charging caused overheating?
And don't forget to ask about the "Bone
Dry'' principle. The Still Better Willard is the
only battery that uses it and thus gives you
fibsolute assurance that your battery is as new
as the day it left the factory.
LOHMAN & WRIGHT?
Central Theatre Building -T - Lowell
r
'MM
CoortlftJb eUtercd. Ul
Cuts! Gashes! Exposed
Fabric! Blow-outs!
ProJium Proce$s Rabber
minimize this trouble
Prodi u m Process RuMcr (the new tread used
exclusively on Republic tires) is so tough that
cen newly crushed rock or sharp stones
doesn't cut and gash it.
It wears down a evenly and smoothly as a piece of fine
rtcel. After miles of sen ice it looks like new. It keeps
water a ay from the fabric, prevents rotting of the carcass
of the tire, and makes premature blow-outs practically a
thing f the past.
Get a sample strip of Pnxlium Process Ruhhcr. Try to
freak it. h's die tou;het, stonsest tread stock ccr used
on a tire
ESPUBLIC TIRES
StAgRDiplaIN, AND "WM'TRLADS
v''.ViVT: ."; Mail in th 5lua t-Uck Tnad
Western Vulcanizing Shop
Jchnscn Addition
I
I
i THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 2, 1918.
EIGHT
NTRAL THEATRE i
iAGLE THEATER
TODAY-
Continuous I to 1 1
TODAY
TODAY AND MONDAY
CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11
TODAY AND MONDAY
XE
E
DOUBLE BILL
THOS. H. INCE PRESENTS
ARTCRAFT PRESENTS
"REACHING
FOR THE
MOON"
One of the most remarkable
plays ever conceived in mo
tion photography. The play
from beginning to end is
a pleasing presentation of
Fairbanks' comedy and
thrilling incidents.
. j
., ll
Whs Fairbanks
IN ONE OF HIS LATEST PLAYS
R
eac
the
hinfir for I :
M99 U l
. oon msii
-also- &5SSl Kl: i i
mutt and jeff comedy
ADMISSION: MATINEE, CHILDREN, 10c; ADULTS, 15c. NIGHT, CHILDREN, 10c; ADULTS, 25c
Orpheum
T
heat re
TODAY
CONTINUOUS FROM 1 TO 11
TODAY
ARTCRAFT PRESENTS AMERICA'S SWEETHEART
MARY PICK FORD
IN
Pi
AN ARTCRFAT PRODUCTION IN SEVEN BIG ACTS
ALSO
"ROUGH AND READY REGGIE"
A Clever Comedy Full of Laughter
ADMISSION: MATINEE, 10c
NIGHT, 10c and 15c
months ago but did not bring enough
to satisfy the judgment. There is now
a judgment of $1,792.12 and costs io
be realized upon the claims. The sale
will be made in front of the court
house in Tombstone at 2 p. m. on that
date.
WERE MARRIED.
Mis Josephine Young and William
A. McNeill were married on Thursday
in this city, the ceremony being per
formed by Judge Lockwood of Tomb
stone who happened to be in the city.
Mr. McNeill is a miner in the employ
of the Copper Queen company and his
bride has been in the employ of tha
Phelps Dodge store for some time.
They will make their home in the
district. .
HART
"T
And DOROTHY DALTON
IN THE SIX ACT TRIANGLE PLAY
HE CAPTIVE GO:
A MAGNIFICENT, SPECTACLE ROMANCE OF THE AZTEC COUNTRY
In this play Hart is seen in a role totally different than anything in which
he has yet appeared
ALSO
30 Minutes of laughter with
Illy West
IN
"HIS DAY OUT
A RIP ROARING COMEDY
ADMISSION:
CHILDDEN, 15c;
ADULTS, 25c
; HAVE YOU A JACKRABBIT?
; A Michigan man wants a pair of
I Arizona jackrabbits and writes to the
! Warren District Commercial Club for
', quotations on a pair. lie states that
, he wantstthem for breeding purposes,
j planning to cross them with other
varieties. Some boy who wants to
1 earn something- for the Red Cross
j might communicate with that organ
, ization and state what price he would
take for a pair of wild jackrabbits.
City Briefs
with a deadly weapon and was sent-i Krichbaum, of the Presbyterian church
ienced to serve a terra of from three ; officiating. The body is now in
'to fie years in the penitentiary at charge of the Palace Undertaking
! Florence. Parlors.
Has anyone visited you? Or ;
have you entertained? If so, call ;
The Review after 6 p. m. and tell '
the Society Editor, pone 39.
TO SPEND SUMMER.
Mrs. E. E. Ellinwood left yesterday
for the east where she will spend the
summer months on a visit. She will
visit in Iowa first.
DEAT HOF SON.
Allan Oglcsivy Mitchell, infant son
lot Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Mitchell f
C'ananea. was buried Thursday at
Evergreen cemetery.
IS IN CITY.
Parker Woodman, the mining man,
is again in the city from his home
in Phoenix and will remain far a
few days on mining business.
WAS !N CITY.
C. L. Cummings, the Tombstone
capitalist, was in the city yesterday
on a short business trip. He was on
his way from Douglas to Tombstone.
FROM TOMBSTONE.
Mrs. F. W -Copeland, wife of the
cashier of the State Bank at Tomb
stone, was in the city yesterday on a
short visit to friends in the district.
BABY GIRL.
Born to Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Hender
son, 7'i pound baby girl, June 1, at
Maternity hospital. Mr. Henderson is
manager of the Western L'nicn cor.i-rany.
ON SHORT VISIT.
Ixm Wricht. former street super
visor, but at present employed at the
Copper Queen Smelter at Douclas, wa
in the city yesterday on a short busi
ness trip.
WAS IN CITY.
Supervisor J. M. Sparks of Douglas
was in the city yesterday on his way
to Tombstone to attend the meeting
of the board, who are acting- as a
board of equalization.
FROM WHITEWATER.
Former Justice of the Peace Grier,
of Lowell was in the city yesterday on
g short business trip from his home at
Whitewater. He states that rain is
badly needed in that locality.
ON VACATION TRIP.
C. H. Vail and wife left last night
on the Golden State limited for Cali
fornia where they will remain for a
few months on a vacation trip. They
are the librarians of the Copper Queen
library.
FROM DOUGLAS.
Spencer Kone and Fred Barrows, of
the Douglas branch of the Overland
company, were in the city yesterday
on a short business trip. They had
been to Tombstone where they deliver
ed a car.
' HAS GONE EAVr.
Dr. L. D. Ritketts. acting manager
I of the C. & A. Mining company, has
' gone east on business connected witn
i the company and will be gone for
about two months. He will visit in
j New York and other important places
in the east. He was accompanied by
I his wife.
ATTENDING MEETING.
Chairman Vance Johnson of the
board of supervisors was in Tomb
stone yesterday to attend the meetinj
of the board who are now in session
as a board of equalization. They will
meet until the 10th.
RETURNED TO CAMP.
I. C. E. Adams, Jr.. who has been
here on a visit to his parents from
Camp Kearny, near San Diego, re
turned to that place today. It is ex
pected that the majority of the troops
will be leaving there soon.
i CARD PARTY.
i Mrs. A. Houle and Mrs. C. Curry
' were hostesses at a delightful yard
j party given for the benefit of the per
I manent blind at the Country club
Saturday, and $11.60 was taken in for
this splendid cause. The next party
will be held at the Woman's club
j Saturday. ,
I JOINEO NAVY.
I B. W. Johnson, of Lowell, is one of
1 the manyfcWarren District young men
i who have recently joined the U. S.
! navy and has gone to report in Califor
nia. H was formerly employed at
'the Cole shaft as a miner. His wife
?ias three cousins in the French army
land two nephews in the English army.
ON RESERVE LIST.
Toomy Thomas, son of C. N. Thom
as, is here from San Francisco for a
few days on a visit to his father and
brothers and sisters. He has been at
San Francisco station and has been
allowed a leave until called.
WAS NOT WOUNDED.
' According to advices received here
yesterday George Grogan, the miner,
was not wounded in France as was
reported a few weeks ago. He left
here In September going to Canada to
enlist in the engineers and from there
landed in France about the first of
April. He wrote that he was in the
best of health and enjoying his work.
FROM HUACHUCAS.
C. M. Newman and wife were in the
city yesterday from their home in the
Huachucas. He reports that the watr
is rapidly drying up in the canyons
and that rain is very badly needed.
He was formerly engaged in the tin
shop business in this city.
WAS IN CITY.
Live Stock Inspector McDonald was
in the city yesterday from his head
quarters in Tombstone. He was in
specting the hides of cattle that hafl
bene slaughtered in this district dur
ing the past week. He returned to
Tombstone last evening.
BABY ARRIVES.
Born to Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Thomis,
a 6 pound eirl, Mav 31, at Matrer.ity
Home on Mason Hill. Mr. Thomas
Is the brother of Judge Frank Thomas
and Mrs. Thomas is from Cananea.
FROM MOUNTAINS.
II. Magne was in the city yesterday
from his mining properties in th-
Huachucas. He reports considerable
mining activity in that escMon of 'h
county. He returned home late last
evening.
FROM LEWIS SPRINGS.
Frank Moscn, the Lewis Springs cat
tle man was in the city yesterday from
his home at that place. He states that
the cattle on the ranges are beginning
to pick up on account of the mes
;uite leafing out. Rain is badlv need
ed thou'.'h to fill up the water holes.
SWIMMING CLASSES AT "Y."
Swimming classes are being con
ducted every day for boys by physical
director F. A. Kopf. As high as fifty
five boys have been in the plunge at
one time. If you are not a member of
the Y. M. C. A. Join now and get in the
swim. The water is fine and every
boy in the Warren district should
know how to swim.
FROM DOUGLAS.
George Buxton, president of the
Buxton-Sniith company, and Percy
Wilson, also or that company, were
in the city yesterday on a short busi
ness tripi Hoth of the gentlemen
were fcrmer residents of this city, and
have many friends hero who are al
ways glad to see them. They returned
home late last evening.
RECITAL.
Wednesday evening at the hig'i
school gymnasium a piano and dance
recital was civen by pupils of Kath
leen Hail. There were twelve dancers
and nine piano performers. The oc
tumes were very pretty, bright an.1
freh. A I'trge audience viewed thi3
muslcale with great interest.
INCREASED TRAVEL.
Ticket Agent Williams of the E. P.
& S. W., reports that there is more
travel from Bisbee, both east and west,
now than there was a year ago at this
time. Yesterday the office was kept
busy supplying tickets for those leav
ing the city. A number were sold to
coast points and also to New York
and Texas. The sale at night for the
Golden State Limited is always large.
WAS SENTENCED.
Joe! Smith, who attempted to kill
Officer Joe Hardwick in this city a
few weeks ago, yesterday entered a
plea of guilty in the superior court at
Tombstone to a tharg- of an assault!
CHILD DIES.
Eilm, the 21 months old daughter
of (Jeon Munsey and wife, died at
the home of its parents yesterday
afternoon after an illness of a week.
Funeral services will be held Tuesday
morning at eleven o'clock from the
reMdeiK '. on I fclin Avenue, Rev.
TO BE SOLD.
The minine claims of the Imislam
Arizora Mining company, locate. 1
I about nine miles west of this city, are
jto be sold at sheriff's sale on Siturdnv.
jjime 22nd. to satisfy th Judgment
that was rendered against the com
pany a lew montns ago in me rase
of U R. Bailey. The personal proper
ty of the company was sold a lev
UNDER ARREST.
Paul DeBaud. a blacksmith former
ly located at Tombstone and quite well
known in this district, has been ar
rested in New Mexico and brought
back to Globe on a charge of a viola
tion of the white,, slave act. It U
alleged that he took Mary Ann Fred
erick from Tombstone to Deming. He
was brought back from Deming a few
months at.o on a charge of non-support
of his wife and family in Tomb
stone but was acquitted when the case
came up for trial thert. It is reported
that the husband of Mrs. Frederick is
responsible for his arrest.
NO CONNECTIONS.
Bisbee residents who wish to go to
Courtland, Pearce or to the northern
part of the county or to Globe, will
now have to take the Douglas stage
out of here in order to make connec
tions. The new time cari does rot
provide for the Courtland train out of
Douglas to wait for the east bound
train. The Courtland train leaes
Douglas at 9:25 and the east bound
train does not arrive there until one
p. m. By taking the eight o'clock
stage out of here, one can arnv" a:
Douglas in time (o take the Conr.Iand
train.
NEARLY BURIED ALIVE.
A small Mexican boy came close to
losing his life yesterday morning in
the waste shute near the Queen Tun
nel. He had gone down into the thute
after pieces of wood and while trjlng
to secure a piece of timber that had
been partly buried by the soft dirt, re
leased the dirt and it caught his foot
so that he was unable to get out of
the way and was buried up to his neck.
He was badly frightened but was not
injured. Men working close by heard
his cries and he was soon released.
His clothes were covered with the soft
mud and he w-aa not a very present
able sight when he was taken out. It
will probably be a warning to the
others to keep out of the shute.
L.VRIC THEATER
TODAY
TODAY
WilliamA. Brady, Director-General, World-Pictures present
June Elvidge, JVlontagu Love, Arthur Ashley
IN
3N T
ies"
' in 5 Parts
Directed by Arthur Ashley
Bridge gambling debts drove Marcia Fleming to desper'e measijres Sle nel money enuusted
to her husband to pay these debts. Then she borrowed from a man who was infatuated with her. See this
production and learn the startling, extraordinary tilings which happened next.
Eagle Producing Co., presents Perez in
"A BUSY NIGHT"
In 2 Parts
Don't Fail to See
Jack Gardner in "THE RANGE BOSS"
A Red-Blocded Photo Drama of Western life, repletfe with thrills and rapid fire action
MONDAY, JUNE 3
Bessie Ludford, both of Bisbee; Frank
Bolan to wed Margarite II. Jean, hotti
of Lowell; Sam A. McLaughlin or Wil
ccx to wed Fabra Reed of Safford:
Roy George to wed Mary Anna Ben
adez, both of Douglas; William H. Mc
Neill to wed Josephine Young, both
of Bisbee; Melvin Herbert to wed May
Bird Haynes, both of Douglas; John
II. Murphy to wed Helen Marrow, botii
of Ft. Huachuca: James D. Bush to
wed Leona D. Allen, both of Bisbee;
Joe Elmer Moore of Ft. Huachuca to
wed Rosa Cony of Columubs. Ohio;
Frederick MacLeod to wed Henrietta
I Edna Peterson, both of Bisbee and
William M. Greer or Douglas to weu
Edith I'nis Hutchinson of La Mesa,
California.
(Additional Local on Page 5)
ARE REGISTERING MEN.
The local board is registering men
every day who have become of age
since last spring, when the first dra't
was made, although the official date
set for the registration is June 5. next
Wednesday. It is suggested by the
local board that all those going away,
or who live outside this county, who
may be going away between now and
June 5, call and register their creden
tials to be forwarded to any other
local board desired. This, as explained,
will avoid confusion and possibly save
the prospective registrant .the chance
of becoming delinquent, through in
ability to get to a registration place
June 5. According to the president's
proclamation all men of draft age this
year who are -unable through illness
to resl.-ter in person may notify the
local board and a clerk will be sent
to register them. There is no tele
phone. All requests must be made
by mail or through some friend or rel
ative by personal call.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage Hcenes
were issued out of the clerk's office
at Tombstone xlast week: Manril F.
Pell to wed Marsnrie L. Simpkins,
both of Wlllcox; Harold H. Vickers .if
Douglas to wed Ijeota Kelly of Globe:
Joseph T. Luptm of Douglas to wed
Hazel Ramsev of El Dorado, Illinois:
F. Catilina to wed Elena Pasos ot
Douglas; Charles E. Sawyer to wed
Business Locals
Art Beauty Parlors open; New Art
Store, .Main street, phone 545. Adv.
F. W. Dannelley, brick contractor;
hauling fund, gravel, dirt a specialty.
Phone red 848. 628
ATTENTION K. OF P.
All members Rathbone Lodge No. 10
and visiting brothers are requested to
be present Thursday night. June 6.
nomination and election of officers.
Third rank will also be conferred.
L. H..RICE. C. C.
Adv. 922
Political .
Announcements
The rates for political announcements in the Bisbee
Review have been increased, along with all other classes
of advertising. Of course this is necessary, owing to
changed industrial and commercial conditions. Candi
dates for state office vill be charged $20 for formal an
nouncement card to run during the primary campaign:
county candidates, $15, and precinct candidates, $10.
All special announcements or statements will be charged
for at 35 cents per inch for display and 1 5 cents per line
for readers.
BASEBALL
Junction-Briggs vs. Copper Queen
2:30 TODAY WARREN PARK
NOTICE
M. Prieto will give Spanish lessons
beginning the 3rd of June. A class
will be held each day. Good atten- ;
tion and plenty of time. Call at M;anoe. if sick, a free diognosis. If in Scon be had by calling upon John E
Vonn nnnH AH V 11 111. .. . . .1.- v i . n ... . , ,
SIGNS
C. J. BRANDT
trouble best advice. Locates mineral. IPenberthy, Gleeson, Atuodt
' First house south of bridge between
: Johnson Addition and Lowell. Adv.
Bos 150.
Phone 45b ' ROCK HILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone, Leaves Blsbe-
Blibee Auto Co., 7 a. m, 1:30 p. m. 7
S.'.l
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath, 93 Mason
H11L Mason ear stop. Phone BIu 47.
Adv. SSI
DANCE.
C & A. Band Dance. Warren Park, Phone Bisbee 5.
Wednesday and Saturday. Admmis
slon F0 cents. Ladies free. Adv. 740
Expert paper hanger and painter. C.
AdT.jJ. Brandt. Phone 4-S8. Box 130. 5S0
KNOW THY SELF
Woria thousands of dollars to under
stand thy Rifts and talents. Get a
reading r r life chart from Mrs. Lump
kin. Li;hi on any subject by clalrvoy-
NOT1CE
I Sealed bids will be received for tht
' cotnpretion of the basument ct th
' Gleeson school house tip to t p. m,
May 21st, 1318. A crttti! ohrek Pf -
! per cent in amount of bi l shall aocom-
pany sane. Plans and specifications
MATERNITY HOME.
Call Black 573 for terms, etc.
Advertien:er.t-974
L. L. Oilman sells th New Edison,
"the phonograph with a soul." Ik
MINING
SOCIETY
SECTION
SECTION I
.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL S TOCKS AND COPPER
, . - f l
VOL 20, No. 306.
THE BIS REE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 2, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
PUP AGO DISTRICTIKMY ALIENS INj
IN PIMA COUNipORTS TO HOLD
BECOMES ACTIVEMETAL PROPERTY
TUCSON. June 1. After many years
of doubt, laek of appreciation and pos
itive declarations that there were no
marketable ore there, the Papago dis
trict, in the Sierras, thirty miles from
Tucson, is coming into its own in that
it is drawing to itself attention as a
district unlike any in the southwest
and the reason practical miners have
given its rich stringers up as hope
less is being revealed. The district is
now developing the outline of a great
deposit of mineral salts, of carbons,
sulphates and bromides which escaped
the practical metal miner.
The district is a whole wealth of
raw material laid out in ledges and
heaps for a great chemical reduction
plant. There are practically no sul
phides. The distinctive character is
lime and flourspar, with the whole dis
trict bleached in flouric acid. Ledges
which to the average miner would
convey no idea of value have been
found to be rich with lead and silver
while wolfenite permeates the entire
region. The gold values run up to $12
and the ledge of copper glance in the
district shows values up to 100 ounces
of silver and more than 58 per cent
copper. Throughout the district the
manganese cappings run high in sil
ver and lead. There are rich streaks
of sulphides running through the dis
trict but the basic formation which
carries the" high values is the quartz
and lime rock.
Lying about ten miles back of the
San Xavier district it does not require
n excessive stretch of imagination to
develop the hypothesis that the dis
trict originated the lead and silver and
copper sulphides of the San Xavier
and that the zinc of that district
comes from another source.
Fulminates in Plenty
There are enough materials in the
district to supply all the munition fac
tories of the United States with ful
minates, with less chemical treatment
than is now required in conversion of
the raw metals by ordinary process
of manufactnre.
The district has been under analy
sis by State Geologist C. J. Sarle lor
over a month, who, it is understood,
intends to quadrangle the region for
the government. A survey of all the
holdings in the district is being made
to lay cut the properties for a devel
opment which is due, when the region
is known for its possibilities. He has
been accompanied by the student body
of the University in studies of the re
gion. An Old Region
The Papago district is perhaps one
of the oldest around Tucson. Manv
fortunes have been founded pn its rich
stringers in the days when silver was
1.29 an ounce. Among those who
worked them were Dr. J. H. Handv.
Judge T. D. Satterwhite. Joseph Gold-1 WASHINGTON. June 1. Prices for
tree, Jesus Garcia, Fanny Pogue. Gus 1 manganese ores proaucea in tins coun-
Increased activity by alien enemies
in securing war minerals, the most
Important being tungsten, manganese. !
chrome and sulphur, both native and j
as pyrites, is being reported by min-1
ing men throughout) the southwest, j
It is generally known that there Is
a shortage of these minerals in this !
country and that every effort is being;
made by state mineral surveys, the j
United States Geological Survey, Bu-v
reau of Mines and the War Minerals
Committee, to get information concern
Ing the location of the properties and
to make an effort to have them developed.
Tho War Minerals Tti11 tiaw heinp !
considered by the House and Senate,
the stimulation of production of min
erals needed for the war and the War
Finance Committee is organized for
the purpose of financing, through the:
government, industries contributing to
the war program.
Alien enemies can, by outright pur
chase, or through . bond and lease
impede the production or war minerals
to such an extent as to slow up our
war program very materially.
If these deposits were to pass Into
the hands of the enemy's agents, who
are, we know, particularly active in
the southwest at the present time,
they could, under the guise of devel
oping these properties, tie them up so
they would not produce at the present
time, when we are so in need of these
minerals to successfully carry on the
war.
It is the duty of every loyal Ameri
can citizen to satisfy himself as to the
ownership in his own community, of
tungsten, manganese, chrome, pyrites,
sulphur or molybdenum properties; to
see that they are not in the hands of
the enemy's agents and that they are
being developed and are producing to
their utmost capac ty, and if possible,
to learn to what point the product is
being shipped. Any facts indicating
enemy ownership ur any activity of j
the enemy's agents in your district In
ncimirin denosits or in reeard to
which there is any question as to own-1
ership, should be reported at once to
the Arizona State Bureau of Mines,
Tucson. Arizona, or any Army Intelli
gence Bureau.
i n nn Ti n i mtm i miiiiii iiim i in win imiwiiiiw i mi mini i i ii hi huh ii mini
I U. S. Marines Call to Arms j
2J - 1 '
51
4
9.
r... r ..
- i
Is
.AS
JWANTYOU
KM
i
I
MANGANESE PRICE
SLIGHTLY HIGHER
it
h . ' v" rn. - - v.
B ,t:yt l - V- -t , . At
4 jtr j, 2 - ""C . , in
" " Tir'rM 1mt ill
j5V- GDC0RICH RUBBER CO.rjl-
NEWS BLIfTtAU
Despite Disappointment
In Copper Price, Mines
Continue at High Speed
Officials and Men of Copper Companies Put Shoulders to
Wheels to Assist Government in Maintaining Top Produc
tion; Intense Patriotism Spurs Everyone to Maximum
Effort For Winning War.
I l iiiiirn" Mil 111 II iht- TllT II f i NT- .
The call of the Marines has sound
ed and has been heard throughout the
land. FTom office, factory and farm
has come the answer. The finest
young men of the nation are enlisting
in the ranks of the United States
Marine Corps.
j Thirty-five thousand men are to be
j added j to tJie ranks of the fighting
i "sea soldiers." Volunteer enlistments
for the duration of the war are de-j grades will occur as a result of this
sired. Duty comes on land or sea. or j huge addition to the Marines,
wherever the Marines are needed in ; Southern California men should be
the great world war. ; keen to take advantage of this oppor-
The age limit is from 18 to 33. Mar-1 tunity for getting Into active service
ried men can be accepted and men 1 and make application for enlistment
subject to the draft will also be taken : immediately. Recruiting stations for
if released by their respective boards. : the Marine Corps are located at Los
Hundreds of vacancies in the com- Angeles. San Diego, Bakersfield, El
missioned and non-commissioned Centro and Phoenix, Arizona.
Holstein. Joe Bid well, Ben Bogfln
John Gambler, William Neel, F. TV.
Fickett, Judge W. S. Purcell and Dr.
Turcell and Uncle sam Hughes.
The values of th district in carbon
ate and sulphate lead, silver and gold
are illustrated by a specimen brought
to the Chamber of Commerce within
the week from the Yellow Bird group
in the district, which assayed fifty
per cent lead, thirty-two ounces in sil
ver and twelve dollars in gold.
A specimen brought from The Glance
the only copper property opened up.
gives one .hundred ounces in silver
and fifty-eig-ht per cent copper. The
ore was so deceptive that Recorder
Cowan, who is an old ore sampler, de
clared it did not run more than four
teen per cent copper.
Lincoln Camp Center
The properties now operating cen
ter around the Lincoln camp and con
sist of the Purcell camp with the Sun
shine and Sunrise mines, the old Bon
ner camp and Bonner mine, the Clary
camp and Clark mine, the Yellow Bird
group at Lincoln camp and the Provl
dencia at Lincoln camp, the Aguildo
near Lincoln camp, and the Craycroft
Sheets and Pardon properties. The
Iron Dyke patented claims were for
sale during the week at the sheriff's
office. All of these properties are un
der operations in a small way.
Their greater opportunity and de
velopment will come when the district
comes under a chemical reduction op
eration on a large scale. The Lincoln
camp is the busiest place in the dis
trict because of its centralization. A
small store has ben started for the
supplying of prospectors who are wel
comed to mpke the camp a headquar
ters. For a number of locators are
on the ground. There is considerable
open space between the located prop
erties and the district being from two
to three miles wide and twelve to fif
een miles long, can afford considera
ble prospecting and location work.
LONDON, June 1. Fifteen German
airplanes have been destroyed by Brit
ish aviators and three others driven
down out of control, according to 'ha
British official communication on avia
tion issued tonight.
The communication says also that
Ave tons of bombs have been dropped
on the Mannlieim-Metz railway station.
try as agreed to by the American Iron
and Steel Institute have been approv-'
ed by the War Industries Foard and
become effective after midnight to- i
night. The prices are based on ship
ments from the west F. O. B. west of
Chicago and are slightly higher than
these that have prevailed in the past !
months. The prices range from 86 j
cents a unit of metallic manganese j
per ton for ore containing when dried
at 212 degrees Fahrenheit from 35 to j
35.99 per cent of metallic managnese ;
to $1.30 per unit for ore containing
54 per cent or more of metallic man-'.
ganese. For ore shipped east of South !
Chicaco 15 cents per unit of metallic
manganese per ton are added to the
unit prices.
UNITED EASTERN MEN
UK OVER KAY MINE
IN YAVAPAI DISTRICT
(By F. W. Bower)
mine, which would be part custom mill better in grade with depth and the
for there are a number of partly de-1 ore that is mined is of such mineral
lu eloped properties , surrounding the j character that it can be easily handled
Kay mine that are in a condition toby the oil flotation process in the most
produce extensively as soon as the simple form.
question of transportation and ore re- j
d,Georgea W.Long is the principal j GOLD ORE PRODUCES
muver in uns litfw uuutrrumiug ill
I lack Canyon. It is known that he j
has unlimited financial backing. His
n .. t 1. n .1 . ... n .v. I
MAYFR Ariz Jnnn 1 The lakine oul';i"' r,c.,,.wt..v ,
Vu 2? United Kastern mine at Oatman has
k A. . "e ,y. """"brought hiin to the front as one of the
SEVENTY TONS DAILY
by George W Long and associates, ofiferem , , men f he He
the I nited Kastern fame will mear , ,, ,ed b
ELEVEN CARS OF ORE
BRING $28,000 CASHI;
much for the future development of
the lower section of the Black Can
yon mining dirict. W.hile the exact
terms under which the deal was con
summated are not known to the pub
! lie, sufficient capital has been ar
ranged for by the new interests to
sink the main shaft from the 350 to
the 500 foot level where extensive de
velopment work is to be done and lat
OATMAN. Ariz.. June 1 The reor
ganized Gold Ore working force has
finally attained the standard of pro
duction aimed at by President an
General Manager A. C. Werden. when
from the Kast and took
than 30,000 miles in quest of another
mine that might be developed into an-
nlhaii alnnap hufnM ho fnnnt ti a tCav
.!.'.. v ... he returned
nunc n 1 1 ii iuc ixo; ii on a nu . , . - . , .
cleus. he expects to build one of tlieov" the .nrol of the property
strongest mine organizations in the ! Tie mine force taking out .0 1 on.
. . j daily from three different slopes, un-
' ' j der the supervision of A. L. Seivert.
Other Promising Properties j an experienced mine foreman, who
There are a number of excellent , has been In charge of Important work
er on. to go on with the shaft to the copper properties in the southern por-jfor the Tom Reed and other compan
1000 foot level. About one mile north tion of . Black Canyon on all sides of.ies in the district,
of the main shaft the vein has been I the Kay mine. The Palo Verde, owned Four motor trucks are engaged in
opened again by a shaft 1S5 feet deep j by E. H. Wilson of Glendale and asso-1 transporting this ore to the mill, which
TUCSON, June.l. The Bush strike j which shows a strong continuation of j ciates. of Phoenix. Is already a shipper
on the Queen, in the San Xavier dis- j the ore bodies. Numerous openings I of high grade copper, gold and silver,
trict has become permanent, it was ; have been made at other outcrops on j The owners sent 100 tons recently to
announced this week. j the property which have proven it to the smelter, some of which averaged
The total receipts for one month, I be of exceptional promise. New equip- better than 18 percent copper. 11 ozs
eleven cars, totaled $28,000. j ment has been installed at the main ! silver and $22 in gold. Other proper-
The shipments were made under shaft and new timbers have been put j ties that are ready to produce are the
considerable handicap of machinery, j in to the shaft bottom. The test car- ( Orizaba. Senia Raey, Minnie Lee, Le
One small bucket was used. A skip ; lead of ore sent by the new manage-1 land. National Amalgamated. Harris,
will be installed this week to facilitate ment to the Humboldt smelter aver-1 Bar and others. The mineralized belt
production. aged 13.62 per cent copper. At the extends about ten miles south of the
During the month the ore has in- bottom of the 350 foot shaft, the main Kay mine across and beyond New Riv-
creased almost daily in grade from 13 vein is about 30 feet wide with a gen-ter.
has now been worked up to a daily
capacity of 70 tons. This is nearly
three times the output achieved when
the mill was first startetd. An ample
reserve of ore has been provided at
the mill, and the stopes. ore pocket
and ore bin at the mine are kept filled
with ore at all times, so that no delay
may occur from this cause.
Development is proceeding on the
650 foot level hot to the east and
.west. In addition to maintaining pro
duction at the present rate. It is the
pir cent. 14 per cent. 17 per cent and ; eral average of 10 per cent
the last shipment is said to be better across the face.
than 20 per cent. Ore is now
taken from a winze at depth.
being
TOPEKA LOSES CLUB
1
club
criv rtvi-w loused Wlro
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. June
Transfer of the Topcka. Kansas
of the Western leaeue either to Okla
homa City or Tulsa, Oklahoma, has
been authorized by the league and
will be nifde as soon as E. W. Dicker
son, president of the league, deciles
which location will be the most ad
vantageous. Mr. Dickerson made this
announcement after a meeting of the
league owners here tonight.
copper j The cpening of the Kay mine with
I such strong financial hacking is ex-
Start Shipping Soon treniely interesting to the boosters of
me Jerome to I noenix mineranzea
belt who claim that it is the longest
unbroken mineralized district In the
state. From the Jerome mines on the
mil in to lilt- suiiiui-i ii r mini , i mi
distance Is about 85 miles. The for
mation i-i the Yavapai srhist througli-
Between the north and the south
; The new management plans to com
I inrnce shipping ore regularly from
j the mine soon, the nearest shipping
I point being Turkey, which is 22 miles
north. The poor transportation facili
ties is the only thing against the dis-
rict but it is but a question of a short
limp wlipn n rnilrnml u ill rnnnprl i ,,ul-
Turkev with some pMnt on the mainlend ara niany of ,ne b,Rt producers
line near Phoenix. It is understood j of copper silver gold ore in the wet.
Join the ranks of the potatrlots and
help spud the kaiser.
that the Long interests satisfied them
selves thoroughly on the matter of rail
road construction to the Kay mine be
fore the deal for the property was
dosed. It is further announced that
the new owners of the Kay property
Vhi some of th best mining men
have been holding back from going in
to this Yavapai schist ere formation
because the depth of the ore deposits
was undetermined, it is now proven
beyond question that the ore bodies
have plans for an ore reduction plant 'from Jerome to the Kay mine at leant,
of Uieir own in the vicinity of the are permanent and become larger and
purpose of the management to contin
ue development upon a very extensive
scale. This was the desire of J. C.
Gardner, president of the Arkansas
Valley Trust Co.. of Ft. Smith. Ark.,
representing large stork holders In
that vicinity. He and his associates
lare stronelv in favor of thorouehlv
developing the property, both above
the present level and below. If results
Justify such a proceeding.
The east drift will be continued on
in under the old 150 foot shaft sunk
on what is believed to be the best por
tion of the vein. The lower workings
will be connected up to this shaft by
mcins of a raise.
United Eastern
Detailed reports as to production
for April are now tvailahle. and fhey
Continued on Tage Two)
Disappointment admittedly attended the failure or the War Industries
Board to advance the price of copper and the waues of copper miners, but
just as positively there is no sulking in the tent of either copper operators
or operatives in Arizona.
THEIR BEST ONLY TOO LITTLE
In the offices and surface plants no less than in the drifts and stope.
officials and men of the copper industry are set. upon doing their best to
win the war and counting the utmost that they can do as all too little. This
is the uppermost sentiment, backed by a strength of numbers and determina
tion that bodes ill to the stray German propagandist wi;h other ideas in Ms
head. The temper of the copper mining districts has been abundantly dem
onstrated in this respect in the last month, in the course of which Liberty
Loan subscriptions, war savings stamp purchases and Red Cross subscrip
tions have rnn to new high records in point of both Individual participation
and total amounts. Exclamation points emphasizing the intensely patriotic
feeling with which the miners are backing all of this have been found in
occasional rail riding of slackers with pro-German tendencies. There is n
longer patience with these or with radicalism or its off shoots in any form.
Against these the rank and file have hung out the danger signal, and It is
being heeded.
CHANGE LOOMS CLEAR
The great change which has come about as realization of the fact that
the country Is at war has broadened, admits of no misinterpretation. It
growth and development has been as marked in the attitude of fie operators
of copper properties as among the operatives. They have ied with each
other in finding the way to the open. They have rubbed shoulders and
pulled in the same co'.'.ar in Liberty Loan and Red Cross drives and have
supplanted the agitators on the public platforms and in the columns of the
press. They ha.e developed some strong taiksr; and writers in the difierent
districts and are continuing at it. with a world of good resulting in better
understanding and increased community pull. The storm of protest from
I all over the state which greeted the governor's recent violent message to
the legislature in which vituperation was spat upon mine managers ana
copper communities for castigating Wobblyism, while the Wobblies wer
glossed over, told a big story of the change. It was accentuated by the ac
claim which came from the mining districts during the week for the scathing
denouncement of the message and the expose through the deadly parallel ol
the governor's attitude now and during the Clifton strike, written by a mine
manager and again demonstrating that the mining men will no longer sub
mit to unjust denunciation.
DIFFERENCE GROWN IN A YEAR
A year ago the refusal of a request for an advance in wages such as
made in Washington last week would have resulted in strikes within 24 hour.
Although living costs have ascended since then and waees have declined,
there is nor more word of protest from the miners who were refused higier
wages by the government than there Is from the copper producers, who were
refused an advance in the price of copper to meet the higher costs of sup
plies, refining and transportation. Both are agreed to get alons as best they
can under emergency conditions and to trust that the situation will ultiraateiy
right itself in a satisfactory manner.
SMALLER OPERATORS GAME
The smaller operators and those developing new copper properties ire
hardest hit by the refusal of material advance in the price of the metal, but
they are game and already setting about the finding of some practical way
through which they can get their costs down and manace to remain active!
in business. Charles P. Reiniger. of the Reiniger-Freeman copper enterprise
in the San Xavier area of the Tucson district, is leading in this movement.
Mr. Reinii;er's enterprises happen to be well financed for any emergency
and will continue development uninterrupted, but the fact lias not deterred
him from considering the interests of others less fortunately situated. In
consequence he is leaving shortly for the east to interview manufacturer
and government officials at Washington with a view to sending trainload
rhipments of supplies to the state for distribution to the numerous small
operators following arrival here. He proposes a small operators' cooperative
association for buying purposes and at Washington will be able to demon
strate that his plan for delivery in solUV lots to an Arizona distributing cen
ter will cut down transportation difficulties for the manufacturers, the rail
roads and the consumers and enable the latter to cut 25r, or more from
their present costs.
CONCESSIONS ARE DUE
Concessions are seemingly overdue to the metal operators and operate e
in Arizona, particularly so In this state by reason of the fact that they are
isolated and must import supplies for their every need. A lift that would
enable those who cannot now buy in carload lots to save 25'.. or even
15',. would be a big help. The need of the nation and the world for mow
gold, silver and copper grows dally, and will increase after the war instead
of diminish. The small operators, developing new properties, are carrying
on a great work in preparing to alleviate the hardships growing from short
age of the metals in the future, through opening new resources and ss an
economic measure are worthy of every help. Those who help to win It for
them will receive some reward at least in futurs recognition cf their for
sliht. FALLACIES OF LOW PRICES
What the mine owners and mine workers cannot get through thdlr beads TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 2, 1918.
MINES CONTINUE AT
HIGH SPEED DESPITE
DISAPPOINTMENT
is the a'tiiude of the War Industries! I
Board in seeking maximum output ot J
the metals and refusing a price forij
thfse. enverine the increase in costm. ! S
The na't-ral inclination is to interpret
this position as meaning that there is
an overproduction of metals in sight j
and that the appeal for maximum pro-
auction is not maae iu earnest, iihb:
might be relieved if it were not known
that there is no surplus of copper iu
any market of the world but on the
other hand an actual shortage every
where. The non-essential industries
are getting no copper, and have not
for many months, notwithstanding
which the distributors of the metal
are hard j ut at the end of each week i
to find the copper to fill the require- J
ments of contractors engaged on gov
ernment work. Another thing the miu
ers know is that the output of copper
is declining in spite of their best ef
forts and that the tendency must in
the nature of things continue in that
direction until higher metal price will
permit reopening the lower grade bod
ies and the diversion of effort to find
ing more high grade instead of mining
it exclusively.
The Eastern View
The best eastern opinion, as gath
ered from financial writers, seems to '
be that the Industries Board is actuat
ed by the belief that the larger mines
can operate at profit or fair kind to
their owners and keep up equipment
maintenance and betterments on the
present price of the metal, which in
most instances is true; and that labor
is now paid sufficient to enable it a
fair profit in the larger camps, which
is not a3 true. So diagnosing the sit
uation, the eastern writers say that
the Board arrives at the conclusion
that by leaving the metal price where
it is the smaller producers will find U
necessary to close down, their labor
thus being released to the farger
mines and enabling them to more
than make up the difference in pro
duction. The theory is right as far as
it goes, but it fails to take in consid
eration the fact that the large mines
are not suffering frqjn shortage ot
labor but from shortage of room in
which to work labor. The room is reg
ulated by the extent of their areas of
high grade and cannot be expanded at
will. It is not to be denied, however,
that increase in skilled labor such as
the pick of the forces of smaller prop
erties would provide, would be desir
able and helpful, as extra-skilled labor
;ilways is. but the simple release of
this character of labor by the closing
down of small mines would not bring
it into the hands of the large mines.
The skilled labor would continue to
go, "fis it has been doing for some
months, to the higher paid labor fields
engaged on government contracts
AN OVERLOOKED ELEMENT
Herein in another element the War
Industries Board appears to have ov
erlooked. It is one that has operated
more than any other single extrane
ous item to make the going hard and
to slow down production during the
lest several months. Mechanics are
not lacking to fill the vacancies, but
they do not bring the efficiency to the
jobs that the old men gave them.
Master mechanics ot some of the'Mg
producing properties have had more
trouble in keeping going during the
last few. mpnths than ever before in
their lives, and their situation is fast
growing worse. They, perhaps more
than others, had hoped that an ad
vance in metal price would be made
that would enable an advance in wag
es that would let them compete for
he u killed help of which they are in
so much reed.
The Miners View
The only way the miner has been
able to figure the situation out has
involved the extension of the stimu
lus of fair profit for all operators and
operatives, large and small. Under
such stimulus, the investor in new
properties would be encouraged to
push forward his research for re
sources in metals against the day of
need, while the established producer
would t-'o into his lower grade ores and
mixing these with the high grade pro
duce a linger metal tonnage, while at
the same time finding opportunity to
Pick up development in the h.gh grade
- I
arpaa :mH nmlo un fnr cmno nart nf I
the merci'ess depletion that has been
forced in its high grade. The miner
is of course seeing the practical siif
which happens to be the side that is
responsible for the output of meiul.
Theory may hold that all that is rec
cssary to get the metal is to throw
the miners into the ground, that, tun t
numbers crowded down to shaft will j
regulali the amount of ore sen! up; i
hut ihe miner knows that ther
room for just so many men a:iu no I
more ir.- feet down, or 1SO0 or 2'ii)
feet do-vn. and that there is Just n
much ore there to be taNen out. and
that every pound removed is a pound
Ipks left in the reserve, an.l II at there
ii a limit to all reserves. The miner i
Hants In uiMke niaxiimiin outn'.i of
metal during the war and is goi.ig to
do his 1-est unfalteringly, repardl-ds !
of conditirns imposed upon him, hut j
he can. Kit at this time se clearly In .v !
he is goinj. to manage it u 'te is kept j
out of his pick in the skilled l ihor J
market ui.u at the same time restr.cl-
, a in .ho cai. f hi tiifh trr-.,df in. !
Ktrid of permitted to sll all i;f hi
goods.
GOLD ORE PRODUCES
SEVENTY TONS DAILY
(Continued from J'ttg.; One)
show this to have been the Mgsjest
mentH In the history of the United
Eastern mine and mill. A total of
7.975 tons were milled, having a total
value of $1S7.499 50. or $23.43 per Pin.
Extraction was 90.68 per cent. Net
profits were the largest of any month
since the mill was started, being $126, 1
750. ;
In order to facilitate the handling
of a larger tonnage of ore, the Aztec i
Khflft is being sunk 50 feet deeper in
order to lus'al a mw ore pocket. This
!ll lie needed when the. Bald l".a-Jlr
ore is taken out in lirge i'ia ti t lttt-s t
be sfciit to the mill .iter Aztec aeri
al tramway.
: The wliue on the west drift lias
I
WHEN, HOW AND WHERE BOYS OF 21
REGISTER
WHO MI ST HKClSTEll:
All
e 5.
between June (i. 1S9C. and June
lisierf men of the Recular Armv. Navv
Guard and Naval Miliiia while in federal service, and officers in Officers'
Reserve Corps and enlisted men in Enlisted Reserve Corps while in active
service.
WHEN": On Wednesday, June 5. 191S. between 7 A. M and 9 P. M.
WHERE: At the office of the local board in Tombstone; at the V.
M. C. A. in Bisbee; at the Y. M. C. A. in Douglas and at the office of
,,, nu. ,,,,,,, iau. i
o 'Hf)v. ,., ... n,snn on illnH
expect to be aiisont from home on June 5. go at once to the otrice ot me
Local Hoard where you happen to he. Have your registration card filled
lut and certified. Mail it to the Local Board having jurisdiction where
you permanently reside. Enclose a self-addressed, stamped envelope with
your registration card for the return of your registration certificate. Fail
ure to get this certificate may cause you serious inconvenience. You must
mail your registration card in time to reach your home Local Board on
June 5. If you are sick on June o and unable to present yourself in person
send some competent friend. The clerk may deputize him to prepare your
card.
INFORMATION: It you are in doubt as to what to do or where to
register consult your Local Board
PENALTY FOR NOT REGISTERING: Failure to register is a mis
demeanor punishable by imprisonment for one year. It may result in loss
of valuable rights and privileges and immediate induction into military
service.
Mystery of Cyclops Is
Puzzle to Naval Heads
WASHINGTON. June 1 What be-
came of the missing collier Cyclops?
Is she a prize in some German port,
the victim of treachery? Does she lie
disabled in some unfrequented cove
of the tropical seas driven there and
helpless by acident?
Or has she made lier last voyage
and with more than 300 souls turned
up in t-io Port of Missing Men to join
seventeen other ships of the American
navy which have disappeared just as
Sailing from Barbadoes in the West ese niight have shifted and hindered
Indies March 4, with a complement of : the vessel from righting after a se
295 men, the reat 19.000-ton naval vcre list.
collier has not since been sighted or! Moreover, vessels wlndi returned to
reported. By order of the Navy De-' Atlantic Prts about the time the Cy
partment all available naval craft infers was due, reported that unusually
southern waters have been making a
dragnet search for the vessel, but dai-
ly the conviction among officials
grows stronger that the great modern
mystery of the sea will remain un
solved .
But the search for the ship still is'
maintained wilh unabated intensity.
rr,,ier ,.nH rflmvro kv. rptra.e.l
her route. Every island among the
scores that dot that portion of the sea
is being carefully scrutinized for any
clue. But the unremitting anxiety of
the searchers has failed to disclose
anv trace of a ship apparently plucked
in a dav from a busv lane of the South
American trade routes.
To account for the disappearance
of the Cyclops there have been sug -
gested many theories all possible,
none entirely plausible.
Was she blown into fragments by a
heavy charge of explosives placed in
h a hrtM hoffM-o uhp l.ft nnrt' Thia
vr.initinn w harrtw a. r-oni s. i,io i.e.
' . ... .
Laahua u-rorlrocrn U'nn (1 liavA rnvpm
the sea for many miles around.
Was she torpedoed and sunk "with
out a trace" by a German submarine
that had crossed the Atlantic to prey
on a comparatively unprotected ship
ping! That theory is discounted, be-
cause in such a case, at least a few
cause ill nuill ai icani a
S. O. S. calls could have been sent out
before the Cvclops went under. More-
over, floating wreckage certainly
would have been found.
Was she attacked and captured by
a marauding enemy raider that had
slipped into the Atlantic after eluding
the British fleets? Even if attacked.,
it is claimed the collier's wireless j
would have put her in communication
with other naval vessels or merchant j
shinpirg. j
Did enemy agents, carefully "plant-;
ed" among the ship's personnel, seize '
control of the Cyclops in the night i
and dismantle the radio to make wire-j
less communication with the outside
world impossible? This explanation
had but little support because it is
.l.imrul ..mull f.... h iTl
""'""VI T", ' .7. "Jl :
1J cuum i5 calicu iu io.uic ,i.n-
of them naval reservists.
Again, if taken by an enemy force
abroad where is the Cyclops now? Ev
ery bay, every inlet capable of ad
mitting a vessel of her draft, has been
carefully searched. She had not
enough coal in her bunkers to make
l"e 'raiis-Ai'antir trip 10 some ui rinaii
P"rt- Moreover, one engine was out
of commission, cutting down her
speed to ten knots an hour. Even if
additional coal had been procured, she
I hardly could have slipped past the
British patrols into some German port
; Her limping gait would have made
her an easy victim for the fast allied ;
j destroyers or cruisers. ,
Did the crew succumb to the effects:
of a poisonous gas given off her cargo )
of manganese? Hardly, it is thought,,
because all shipping men used to car-!
S"" U'at character take precaution ;
t( eliminate the danger. j
Did the hi? vessel of 13."t0 tons dis-;
placement, constructed with a view to,
withstanding the heaviest weather.:
iiunder in a severe tropical storm.'
This theory sounds unreasonable to!
:vatiy who believed the ship capable!
of riiiing safely out of any storm she :
mi. lit encounter, yet in view of all the,
known circumstances the explanation
is accepted by most naval officials as
ihe most probable account for the dis-
appearance.
The Cyclops although of deep drift
and broad beam carried a remarkably
now reached its objective, tlu i!i"
foot level, and the station i-; being 'ut
'preparatory to cross cutting the vein.
; in its course down, the winze ran out
of the vein, but the latter should be
reached within 20 feet of the station,
according to calculations,
Within two weeks development will
commence on the Mossback property
In !hi northern port 'on of the district
nmi the Alcyrne near the Boundary
":u . new -,i vry powerful working
' tlhjlif.-, hatll'g liei II III:. tilled on e;.cli
recently, or being iu process of installation.
MUST
male persons (citizens or aliens) born
1S97, inclusive, except officers ana en- .
and Marine Corps, and the National
wjil.nv
5 , vmir rt.cistration place. If you
high and heavy superstructure. Eight
gn at teel derricks towered over her
hull, and there was other heavy frame-
work placed above the deck to give,
her a maximum of efficiency in load
. ing or discharging coal.
In case of a heavy list to port or
starboard, perhaps to the extent of 45
degrees, the Cyclops, burdened
with
her heavy derricks, was perhaps una
ble to swing back into equilibrium,
crashed over to one side and quickly
j settled. The heavy cargo of mangan
stormy wearier naa Deen encounter
j in southern waters. Caught in the
! trough of a heavy sea, the Cyclops
j might have capsized and gone down,
j dragging down beneath her hull all
Idfck equipment which otherwise
might have floated on the surface as
an indication of her fate.
i The theory that the Cyclops "sudden-
ly went down in a storm is about the , lal(lwin 82i
only theory that adequately would j Bethlehem ()... 79V
I P'ain her failure to wireless Ii. cse;c & O 57Vy
of danger. The fact that no radio call c p & j 45
ever tame from the vessel is lone CanadIan Pacific j. 143Vi
Pase that characterizes the disap- j Centrai Leather C3
j pearance of the ship as one of the . Crucjble 6Vt
! most mysterious in modern sea an-, Distillers 53s
nals. jErie . lt's
1 Leaving the West Indian harbor on Generai Motors 118Vi
:iarcu t, tne . yciups s cjiict i l" :
touch at an Atlantic port on March 13. j
When attention w as called to the fact
that she was a few days overdue, no!
anxiety was felt because it was known
she had one engine out of commission
' . T ..I. ,.,,lr .-.- Lfl anil
IlUctl. i litru a ecu. wa.i.n vi
there was even no news that she had
been sighted, a feeling of great appre
hension swept over the Navy Depart
ment. Every effort was made to find
her. but on April 14 the Department
gave permission to publish the facts.
. which long had been withheld
, " - -
I Secretary Daniels still clings to the
hope that the mystery will be cleared,
but there are not many in the Depart -
jn.ent who share his view.
n .oll nf 1, no water alwnvs has
stirred and will stir the blood of men. j Westinghouse l3i
But just as much as in romance, the I -
seven seas abound in tragedy. I BOSTON
The ocean has taken its annual : Adventure
heavy toll of human life from theAl!oucz , S.
time of the modern ocean liner and Alaska ls
floating steel fortress, back to the j Arizona Commercial 13
davs of the ancient Phoenecians who American Zinc 15
braved the wild seas of the Medite'r- Butte T 21
ranian in their frail craft and picked C & A - '
their way even to far-off England to'C & H J '
b:rter for Cornwall tin. iC Range 44 j
The loss of merchant shipping cvcr.K Butte
has been great particularly in these
JI:lVtf IM TI1P ri1TTIIISS HIlUHrSUH IUCI I
7",, t. 7r m ..rfv United States na -
--j ------- I
: the world's waters for nearly a cen
tury and a half without particularly
fptoro looses, due to the elements.
FOR CLOSER 17XIOX
BETWEEN UOIIE.VL i
AND THIS COUNTRY
Prof. Thomas Masaryk.
Prof. Thomas Masaryk, a member
: of the Austrian parliament who wa.i
twice sentenced to death by the Prus
sians, has reached Washington after
a 15,000-mile trip by way of Vladi
, vostok and the Pacinc Ocean. He is
a Bohemian whose published ar
ticles and jpeerhoj in defense of In
country incurred the drcp di!i!('ai
vrc of the Prussian rvlprs. His p'tr
po.e id com iiis to the United State
is to effect a clo.-cr union tie'.woen
i las own people and Amenta.
Mining and Financial News
ii
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK. June 1. Stocks were
nervous and unsettled in the initial
i stages of today's restricted session.
i losing 1 to 3 points on over-night ad-
I vices indicating an extension of thd
German drive in France.
; There were general recoveries later.
ihoweer, on the more reassuring bulle
jtins which reported a halt in the
' enemy's advance. They carried some
i leaders over final prices of the day
i previous. Marine preferred again of
I fered the only specular, at times add
! ing over four points to yesterday's
gain of ten, but closed at an actual
loss of a small fraction.
United States Steel denoted substan
tial buiying as its extreme decline,
coming forward briskly at the close
with other industrials and equipments
of the war. Sales amounted to 310,000
shares.
Bonds were heavy. New minimum
for Liberty issues were $93.70 for the
first 4's; $93.65 for the second 4'b, and
$96.30 for the 4','s. Total sales, value
aggregated $2.700.000. ' United States
and 4's pld gained per cent on call
during the week.
GRAINS
CHICAGO. June 1 Week ending
evening up by shorts madep rices of
corn today average decidedly higher.
The finish, though, was unsettled,
ranging from net decline to a like
advance, with June $1.30 and July
$1.37 to $1.34. Oats gained 4 to
'H to 1 and provisions 25 to 75.
It was evident almost from the out
set that corn temporarily had been
put in an oversold condition. After a
- 1 ,"'- k..7.'. k
slight
OUUNUFU IU Mil., IHAi " " 1 V- -
seemed to be nearly altogether of a
profit taking soht. . Bears, however,
, " v " " '
mm cuiigeauun in uie eaai was ticnr-
ing up and that demand there might
again "become a factor.
A little export business helped to
lift the value of oats. Besides, temper
atures in Canada were again unfavor
able for crop progress.
Provisions ascended with grain and
hogs.
NEW YORK
CTsing Quotations, June 1, 1918
By L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker.
Anaconda 61 i
American Can 42?i
American Car 75'
American Locomotive 62
American Smelter 74
i American Sugar 108
independent Alconol us
ickawanna 83
.Marine , . 29
Marine, Preferred 1044
Midvale 47Vi
Mexican Petroleum 91'g
U' 1 1. T,niA Gl-
ui LUKl II z tt.iiiu . - Zi
Reading 87
Rubber So
Republican Steel 84
Studebaker -M
Fteel 97 li
Steel Preferred 109:H
St. Paul
oo-
Southern Pacific 8-
I Sinclair
1 Texas Oil 14oV
Union Pacific 1.0
L nneu states .Mamie m
uranoy
Grand Canadian 40'
' Goldfield
20
Hancock
Indiana
Inspiration .'
Kennecott
Keu -ccnur .
Lake 4
LaSalle,
Miami
Mohawk
Nevada
X Butte
1 '
80
4S't
31 H
14
'i
2 4'S
62
20
13 "t
i
40
51
IS',
73
23,
16
2'4
49
77 '4
10
Hi
I Nip
i Old Dominion
i 'Jsceola
! Pond Creek
i'liiintv
Ray Consolidated
i Shattuck
.Shannon
ISnprrior Boston ..
1st. Marys
i Utah Copper
iUtah Consolidated
I W inona
CURBS
ArUona . . .
! A rkrtiss
i Austin
I Arizona Silver King .
I!ig I-dge
! Unite Loudon
('.illume' t- Jerome. ..
'Cornell;!
, Consolidate,) AriioiiH
.Consolidated Copper .
Curtiss
jlvnn
; Dundee
Emma
1 1'ederal Oil
Gadsden
Grand Island
; Green Monstrr
Globe Dominion ......
HuU
Howe Sound
Hoi U
! Jerome Vet do
i.lerom? Victor
' taenia Cotiner
Macuia Chief
: ..i t oii'-oli'mter! . .
,!'!'
Pi'ts Jerotm:
Kay ilci cities
IV,
14
I'm
IS
lvs
l:;
'i
45
4
4Vi
Vj
:n
20
4:4
LEASED WIRE.
Porphyry liO
Tom Reed 190
: Tuolomne 90
' United EiFtern .. 3
Verde Extension 37 'i
I Wolverine Arizona 1 V4
: West End
Wright Martin
OATMAr
By Collin & Bretherton
Bid
Argo
AdJms
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom R 2
Big Jim Con 5
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore 12
Gold Road Bon 2
Gold Cliff
Lucky Hoy
Sunnyside 2
Telluride 10
Tom Reed 1.90
United Kastern 3.53
United Northern
Red Lion
Other Curbs
Gadsden 2.50
10
3
16
1.92
3.5S
2
25
2.75
.69
2'
.04
.04
.54
.62
.11
.23
.12
.4
Green Monster .
Butte London'
Dundee
Venuri Hill
Pitts- Jerome
Jerome Verde
Ark-Arizona
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Wolv-Arlzona
Verde Combination
Miami Consolidated ...
Verde Squaw
Nacozarl Consolidated .
Verde Apex
Porphyry
.62
. 18
J7
.52
.50
.06
.06
.45
.20
1.75
.50
.05
Ask
5
i
.25 i
1.87 r
.62
.101.
.50
.15
.05
.75
1.2'
-It,
60
Calumet Jerome 1.12
Feather River
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor
and Builder
ESTIMATES FURNISHED ON
ALL CLASSES OF BUILINGS
SEE ME LAST Phone Green 782
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
p.
i
rnvic.es
lias rum nidusi mmei
hot water
Bisbee
mmm nq a
' ' ' c- '- J
THE EL PASO AND SOUTHWESTERN SYSTEM
Announces the following changes in passenger schedules effective
Sunday, June 2nd, 191S, at 12:01 A. M.
WESTBOUND.
Train No. 51 Connects with Main Line No. 7
Train No. 7 Kor Xaco, Fairbanks, Tuscon and
Local Points
Train No. 50 Connects with Main Line No. 7
Train No.57 Connects with Main Line No. 3
Train No. 3 Kor Tucson, Phoenix. Los Angeles
and Main Line Points
Train Xo.oS
Train No.53
Train No. 2
Train No. 52
Train No. 55
Train No 8
Train No.54
Connects with Main Line No. 3
EASTBOUND.
Connects with Main Line No. 2
Kor Douglas. El Paso. Kansas
City and Local Points
Connects with Main Line No. 2
Connects with Main Line No. 8
Kor Douglas, Kl Paso and Loral
Points
Counects with Main Line No. S
Trains Nos. 9. 10 between I isbee and Douglas
Leaves Bisbee 8:25A.M. Arrives Bisbee 6:55 P.M.
NOTE Douglas-Phoenix sleeper will be handled on Trains Nos 3 and
2. Through roaches will run on Trains Nos. 3 and 2 between Kansas City
and Los Angeles.
GAP.NETT KING.
General Passenger Agent.
When You Think of Building
Think of
SON-
LUMBER
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
SAMSON
ARE THE EEST
They Are Cheaper, Too!
A COMPLETE STOCK JUST ARRIVED
Welbourn and Dodds
Bisbee Phone 432
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
For A ttaching
to Your
Range Boiler
it. if
aounaant supply or
at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make rc
quest for reprc.scntaiive to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
Change in
chedules
Leaves Bisbee 8:25 A. M.
Leaves Osborn
Arrives Bisfcee
Leaves Bisbee
Leaves Osborn
9:15 A.M.
9:50 A. M.
10:45 A.M.
11:25 P.M.
Arrives Bisbee 11:35 P.M.
Ideates Bisbee 11:45 A.M.
i Leaves Os'oorn 12:25 P. M.
Arrives Bisliee
Leaves Bisbee
1:00 P. M.
5:30 P. M.
Leaves Osborn 6:20 Pi M.
HINES
COMPANY
Phone '88
Jno. Addn. Phone 188
TIRES
TIT
3
i
to THREE
News of Social Circles
new rim it can bo anything th.it the
; bride desires, from orange h'ossoms
I to edelweiss.
1 !
j The Central school parent learners
, , association wnicn mei on juesuay
The stirirical dressing class which ' Queen medical staff by Doctor Moliola evening had one of the lareest attend
met on Monday under the auspices of who has been transferred lo Douglas etj meetings this year. The report on
with t:ie C. & A. j ,hA now children's llhrnrv anhmitted
Mrs. Henry Poppen at the Woman's
Club made lO'iO compresses. Those
present were Mesdames H. Tregon
nine. V. C. Todt. C. If. Hardin, H.
SJ X
The knitting committee of the War
ren District is to receive 400 pounds
Akard. Clinton Moon. C. S. Joynt, ' of wool a month. To do justice to this
Frank Snell, M. E. Gibson, Henry Top-! there must he more knitters volunteer,
pen. I It Is noi generally understood that
The Adawana Camp Fire girls and ! ol'n ferments "je. in demand for
Grade PC of the .Junior High school and 'ner- Washington has re
were also present and made Cf.O com-' quested that the women of America
porsses, Those present were Kdward i knit harder and faster than ever for
Porter Irene Critfith. Mary Serko-' protection from next winters wintry
vich. Ida Ilatierman. Florence I.am- .'winds. Our men are fast developing
bert. Douslas McGregor. Vera Ewing, stalwart sola lers tried and true.
Alrnn T'onm ATflrMref MrP-retror SO musi inn wuiull uiwiup ui.u r
r.raro Scott. Je.-.n Waters. Helen Vrt knitters
Downs, Teddy Kobey, Helen Oker
strom, Editli Hauley, and Bertha
Cljeua.
g g ft
About twenty-five couples enjoyed
an informal dance at the Phelps Dodge
.lnl linna oii j.n in lrnM- nf PrK'fltP
Earl Paul who is here on a few days morning in the work room will be open
furlough from Camp Freemont. Call- to li0 n A',nd,ay '""l..10
1. .MIB. M. J. IklLUura anil .Mia. Hi
More than ever before
comes tne plea lor warm wooien
things for the men who brave the
storms of "no man's land."
The days in the Warren work rooms
have been changed in which to knit.
To make it convenient for every wom
an in the community a few hours each
by Miss Lange, was read by Mr. Pot
ter. The Copper Queen Library has
arranged for a definite sum of money
each year for "real" children's books.
The public school is to provide a com
petent children's librarian.
Miss Iange's report contained a list
of over 200 books, all of which she
has recently read and personally in
spected in libraries at Phoenix and! because the face cannot be seen and
Los Angeles. Miss Iange was a for
ly forbidden to cut In or give a dou
ble connection. Cut the chief operat
or may assume the responsibility and
give the. connection In a case of life
and death. In case of fire their quick
ness and attention to business has
been a great saving of expense. Not
Field, aviation corps. Mrs. Colton
spent much of her time at the aviation
field learning, the mysteries of the
winged plane. She was very enthusl
astic over the immense training
equipment and reveled in the glory of
being a soldier's wife. But she has
l "Ancient and Modern Necromancy,
alias Mesmerism and Hypnotism, IV.
nonnced."
Lernice Butler "ue. wl" ue ln"rH' '"T8 '
morning lruiu iv uuiit i. jicauauira
Rhodes, Taylor and H B. Little will
preside. Tuesday afternoon Mrs. W.
K. Hankin. Wednesday Mrs. J. U.
Osier, Thursday 10 until 12 a. m. Mrs.
P. M. Buckwalter and Mrs. G. H. Fitz
gerald. Friday 10 until 12. Mrs. Hol
den and Saturday Mrs. I. F. Purgess.
a?
Mrs. Henry Poppen, graduate nurse
Young. And the Messrs. Louis Visa- or a prominent medical ana training
Ha. John Paul. Private Earl Paul, Pri- school in. the east, has offered her
vnte Cohere. Private Gold. Algie services to the National ed Cross in
fornia.
Misses Beatrice and
who were the charming hostesses.
Parish's orchestra furnished the mus
ic. 'Among those present were the
Misses Dorothy- Muat, Henrietta Muat, ;
May Hill. Beatrice Butler, Bernice
Butler. Matilda Walker, Madeline;
C'orkey. Frances Lippert, Nina Mar
shall. Frances Cowan, Anna Cowan,.
Isabella Clark. Pearl Shields, Hazel ,
Shields, Grace Wagner and Josephine
the capacity of Red Cross hospital
work in one of the American canton-1
ments. But greatly to Mrs. Poppen's"'
grief comes the word from W ashing-
I ton that she will not be able to serve
mer teacher in Central school and has
had wide experience along this line.
as well as with settlement work. Her
efforts are very much appreciated by
the association
Meetings will continue through the
summer months, the next one being
the third Tuesday In June. The par
ents of children in Central school are
urged to attend and cooperate with
the teachers In this work. Interest
ing programs and light refreshments
are prepared. All interested in the
school and children are welcome.
Tate. Rub Kelly. Roger Kennedy, Hen
ry Wat kins, Arthur Ojeda, Ernie John
son. Lawrence Frasco, Domenick Gal
lo. Rohina, John, Dickenson. Billie
Villi:mf.n. TT. Tutt and Mr. Shields.
! iS SS ' In this manner as married women in and long months of application are
Miss Ruth Norton entertained a ; tins capacity are not desired, at least necessary to ao mis. nut wnen tney
A Telephone Office
The "hello" girls at the Bisbee ex
change and everywhere else In the
country are ready and eager to go to
France. Some have been competent
enough to go and had all the require
ments and have gone. Others are pre
paring themselves to take up this
great work, by setting out to learn
the French language. It Is absolutely
imperative that they speak and under
stand French. Not a smattering but
must converse in It fluently, like a
native. A great amount of patience
to be done here. Lieutenant Colton
expe'ts word any day to leave for
France.
long age the fire call was turned in; come back to the Warren district re-
that there was a lire m one or the sup- alizing that there is just as great work
ply offices of the 1'helps Dodge. Miss
Alexandria, the chief operator called
the mine owners and the fire was ex
tinguished with very little damage be
ing done. This shows efficiency and
good training.
The telephone wire is a cruel dis
sector of voices. It brings out every
tone and Intonation. Whether it is
ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH
Jacoh M. White, Rector.
Sunday school. 9:45 a. m. Morning
prayer and address at 11 a. m.. fol
lowed by celebration of the Holy Com
munion. Wednesday, choir practice, 1
p. m.
Beauty Secret
A great question that Is a source of
constant worry to women Is just what
to do lo cleanse the fjee of hlartc-
the expression noted, or there is some : hearts. So many remedies are recom
thing about the wire that brings out j mended that it is hard to choose from,
eveyr individual tone is a question. And so many are found to be ineffert
Girls are selected because of the tim-1 ive. To scueeze the flesh just bruises
bre and sweetness and clearness or it and bi'ngs very little relief. Iargo
their voices, then they are trained to pores are left ir the blackhead does
speak distinctly. The way a "central" j como or which in time becomes very
says number affects the person at the ' noticeable. A clear, creamy skin is
ether end. A tired business man very often obtained by using a good
grabs the receiver off the hook and soap, lathering it well and rubbing it
shouts 130 but when a clear sweet jn. Then rinse it off with clear col l
voice repeats the number, the man re- j water and place packs as hot as you
sponds and quiets down like a lamb can possibly stand them upon the face,
just because he can't help It. 1 Steam It for about 10 minutes, until
No matter how petulant and violent the flesh smarts, and then dash cold
Regular preaching services will be
i conducted by Rev. A. J. Irwin in War
Ten Sunday, June 2. at 11 a. m.. and
In South Bisbee at S p. m. Everyone
most cordially Invited to attend thes
oivlno services.
a subscriber becomes, the girls of the
Lis bee switchboard are not permitted
to answer back. If they do and are
overheard they are penalized by being i
laid off for one week without pay.
Just consider for a moment how many
water, ice water if it can be obtained
all over the face and neck. Apply a
solution of alcohol and bi-carbonate of
soda and let it stay until it drys. This
makes the pores dry and close. If
used successively will give results in
dozen cf her kindergarten school
irienas on ueunescay i:i nuiiur ui ir.-i
fifth birthday.
not as yet.
But not In the least daunted.
Mrs.
Mrs. C. A. Wilson was hostess to St.
John's Guild Wednesday afternoon at
her lovely home in Warren. Mrs. E.
Wickers will entertain the Guild Wed
nesday, June 0th. at her home in Vp
per Tombstone Canyon opposite Lin
coln school. This will be the last
meeting for the summer.
!J?
j Pcppen set herself to the task of seek-
ing another way to help, some way in
1. V.A ' Via. Antiia tinia
to her country. She hit upon the plan
of taking care of all the little kiddles
of the Warren district, thereby reliev
ing the mothers so they may be free
to Sew for the Red Cross. She will be
at the V. W. C. A. all day Friday to
see if this plan will work out and if
it does she will give all her days in
. ... - 1 TI- T AU'ltl
Mrs. E. Wickers of Tombstone Can- mis manner, um- m
von entertained the ladies of the St. and Biabee and all other work rooms
John's Guild of the Episcopal church , in the district.
-at her heme on Wednesday afternoon How reasonable is the idea that In
t 0.3,3 t,lis manner she will relieve numbers
"" ut . t !of workers for the Red Cross while
The Woman's "League of the Pres-' she could give her entire time but it
bvterian church will hold their regu- would mean only one and accomplish
la'r monthly meeting at the church very little. .
Wednesday June fith. at 2:30 p. m. . It will not be a light task she has
Mrs C Hunt and Mrs. T. L. Houston ! offered to do. but a trying tiresome
will be hostesses. All ladies of the! one. From early morning until late
church are invited. '. 'n the day she will stay Children
Wl 1 oecome cross unu 111 ra uui uc-
Mrs. C. J. McElroy of Phoenix is
visiting hr husband for a few days
at the Copper Queen Hotel.
Mrs. George Belzer of Douglas is
standing Hie week-end in Eisbee as
the guest of Mrs. Henry Poppen.
ti e; i
Doctor and Mrs. Wm. Todt are new
corners in Bisbee. Doctor Todt is fill
ing the vacancy left in the Copper
'fore the day is over. And it Is a re
sponsibility to take full charge of
some one's children. But Mrs. Pop
Den is well fitted for this work, and
have made themselves mistress of
this language of our allies, what a
wonderful amount of help they can be.
The telephone operators near the bat
tle fronts have a great responsibility
resting upon their slender shoulders.
Battles might be won or lost, a city
might 1 fall, prisoners taken and hun
dreds of lives lost with a misinterpre
tation of a phrase. So much, depends
upon their acute bearing and intelli
gence. A great many men have been
relieved to fight by these brave girls
who have given their services in this
manner.
There is work to be done right at
home and the girls in Bisbee do it, and
do it well. The patience of Job they
must have. With an unceasing clang
of numbers ringing in their ears,
complaints, crossness and impatience
to contend with, from all classes and
walks of life. From the rushing busi
ness man and the professional man to
the fashionable club woman. Each
busy with his or her worries and too
absorbed to consider that other calls
are coming thick and fast at the
switchboard. .
Only the mechanical side appeals to
one at a glance, wlttfteTea a big
calls they have, with each little but-J time. Don't neglect to place a good
ten flasng and buzzing. deal of attention on the sides of the
In the Bisbee exchange" two hours face below the ear. where the hair
a day are given for rest. They may . grows low. This is a very conspicu
eo to the quiet cool rest room right In ! ous place to observers if not to one's
the building and relax tired limbs and self. A- real vigorous scrubbing for
calm ragged nerves. While on duty! some skins is the best thing imagina
there is jio sleeping at the switch. In : ble. Others cannot use soap with com
low clear tones with no time for fool-. fort so clmond meal is a splendid sub-
ishness but tending strictly to busi- stitute.
ness. serving the public and trying to
earn a Kvlihood. these girls give satis
faction; they stand for efficiency.
Y. W. C A. Notes
The Owarssa Camp Fire Girls are
having r. most enjoyable time at th5
Y W. 0. A. camp in Millers Canyon.
The Churches
The Adawana Camp Fire girls spent
a week at the Y. W. camp with Mrs.
Henry Poppen as guardian. They re
turned last Saturday.
Of Interest to Women
Not enough can be said about a June
bride. But the practical part of her
trousseau is fully as important as the
wedding gown and other frilly" things.
Especially in these days practical
things make np the greater part of
even the most expensive part of a
wardrobe. Some of the more essential
things whether a bride spends a hon
eymoon motorim? through the country
or at some fashionable resort, are a
good supply of summer gowns and
country clothes. In fact country
clothes are included now in 'every
trousseaa both in winter and summer
varying in fabrics only, according to
the requirements of the season. At
thi3 time the bride is just a wee bit
extravagnnt buying more and better
things than ordinarily. For she nat
urally wishes to look her lovliest.
The Going-Away Costume
After the bridal gown. the first
thing to be considered is the tailored
costume. This may be either a dress
or a suit, but for the motor or trein a
tailored costume is absolutely reces
sary. A suit of deep sand shade of
gaberdine or in nnvy blue. The p.iber
dine is of a soft oualitv tlrit is pliable
and ha1 almost the effect of clinging
satin. The suit has simple lines and
Ij trfmniei! with stitched bands which
onlline a double peplum on the coat at
the back. A narrow belt which is run
through the unner peplum makes its
appearance- across the front: smolced
peal buttons fasten the coat rnd the
helt. The slcirt is perfecMv straight
and slightly Till under a ritted belt.
Altho-izh the tailored season ha been
somewhat in the background tno last
few seasons, it is now taking a more
prominent position In fash'on.
Anoth; r suit of good style is made of
black tricc-tine; two goresk;rt: belted
jacket Ikis overlanping hip seams
adorned with black enamel buttons,
sii crene cnllr.r and cuffs.
A sports suit of novelty satin for the
skirt and the body of the coat, an l of
plain rtin for the peplum, tne collar. ,
with her face full of enthusiasm and j human element about an exchange.
Cue desire in her heart to give her .There are system and order at all
fine and her training and her splen-1 times. The calculagraph which Is
did young womanhood to this work 'very much like a clock as It registers
for the Red Cross. She considers it ; the minutes of long distance calls,
just the simple duty of an American Cards ere then filled out from this
woman. station to wherever they may be
! nn-.nlrfiy 1. n.Vmwn - Vi n m anil tlion
filed neatly away to be referred to
years later if necessary. Then very
often a doctor calls who must have a
certain party at once, a life may de
pend upon getting this particular place
The lines are all busy and it is strict-
ionable this year. A bias band of the
material finishes the bottom; openings
in this band form pockets at either
side. The shawl buttons down to Jhe
cape at either side and a wide belt
slips through Itself in front and fas-;
tens with buttons of the gaberdine
rimmed with narrow bindings of the
material. Norrow bindings also finish
the armholes. The coat is lined with
figured foulard in blue and white. A
cape coat of this type will prove to be
very useful for either town or country
wear.
A beautiful garment is that of a cape
of long Mack duvetyn. Its duvetyn
fold3 lined with gray satin is enoug'a
to conveit and woman. Women are
rapidly changing their minds about
capes and are wearing them with
much grace. j
The Correct Blouse
The choice to be selected from in
the way of blouses is large, but not .
enough can be said as to the correct-;
ness of the blouse to be worn with the
tailored suit. A severely tailored one
Is the thing most used. For morning
wear and traveling, the neck line is a
matter of taste, whether worn high or
low the style remains the same. In 1
handkerchiefs linen, pussy willow silk. !
russor silk, crepe de chine and other '
materials. One of rough linen In a '
pale shade of orchid with turn over
collar and cuffs of a deeper shade I
that is almost purple. A tie of black
pros-grain nunon, amproiaerea wunjj
dots in orcnia coiorea tnreaa. rne
buttons which form a simple trimming
and fasten the front are of china out-1
lined with a purple line. A blouse like !
this is extremely appropriate for a tea j
or a luncheon, is of soft batiste hand
embroidered with evelets and It com-;
bines smartness and daintiness. Along '
the ed;;e of a deep shawl collar and
turn back cuffs, eyelet embroidery is '
used; the lines of the neck and cuffs
are outlined with tiny tucks. The '
small pearl buttons which fasten It are i
quite invisible. A narrow black gros-
Mrs. Henry Poppen will be at the
Y. W. C. A. to take care of the chil
dren of the Red Cross workers, Friday
from 10 until 5. In this way she will
free a great many women who desire
to sew and knit but have no one with
whom they may safely leave their
children. Mrs. Poppen is very compe
tent and thoroughly able to take the
responsibility of children, as her train
ing as a nurse fitted her for this sort
of work.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Informal Christian Science servics3
are held in Warren every Sunday at
11 o. ra. at first cottage sohth of the
"Y." All are most welcome. Subject
for today: "Ancient and Modern
Necromancy, alias Mesmerism and
Hypnotism, Denounced."
The Bluebird Club of Warren left
yesterday for camp In Millers Canyon
Mrs. R. M. Fox and Mrs. McNuIly ac
companied the girls. They are looking
forward to it with great pleasure. It
is like the call of the wild. There is
hard .work to be done every minute Group No. 1 will lead.
THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
Allan Krichbaum, Pastor.
Sunday school. 9:45 a. m. Morning
worship. 11 a. m. Sacrament of th-3
Lord's Supper. Evening worship, S p
m. Sermon topic: "Men of Violence."
Prayer Meeting, Wednesady, June "th, .
"8 p. m. All members of the congresa-1
tion are urged to attend the com-;
munion service on Sunday morning.
The session will meet at the church i
15 minutes before the morning service
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
H. C. Compton, Pastor.
Sunday school, 9:45 a. m. Morning
service, 11 a. m. Theme: "The Day
of Prosperity." Divine services wiil
be held in city park at 5 p. m. Junior
and senior B. Y. P. U.. 6:15 p. m.
Evening serv-
of the time but every one of these i lce. 7.45 p. m. Theme: "The Day of
girls will have roses in their cheeks j Adversity." Prayer meeting Wednes-
when they return. Miss McCurdy will
stay all the time at the camp. And
great and exciting are her experiences
The other day she killed a rattlesnake
This lends a tinge of color that speaks
of real camp life.
Mrs. A. W. Colton . has returned
from San Antonio, -Texas, where she
has been visiting her husband. Lieu
tenant Colton is In command at Kelly
day. 7:45 p. m. You are cordially in
vited to Join us In these services.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE SOCIETY
Christian Science Society of Bisbee
holds services every Sunday morning
at 11:15 o'clock In the Woman's club
building cn Quality hill. Wednesday
evening testimony meeting at 7:45.
The public is welcome and Invited to
attend. Subject for Sunday, June 2,
PA
CKARD
PIANOS
the girdle and the cuffs. i grain ribbon, one nf the smartest ac
Suit of jersey wool, the skirt has a cessories to the tailored blouse Is
self faciei., whose tab edge Is bound I shown with the model. It runs under
with bnirt: the braid trims lb-'! ho-..l
ders and sleeves of the coat and binds
the tab terminations of the plait pep
lum and self girdle.
A Variety of Capes
The cope has appeared in almost
every form t.'-is ensrn. It riranes. fas
tens at hip side, hangs from the shoul
der in the hack and does various other
interesting things. A ta'lored cos
tume showing a short enpf which very
much re'-n.Vle a jacket is 'very
smart. Of navy blue gaberdine and
most unusual in cut. It gathers into
a slendr yoke that is really the base
eif the cellar, thus giving the narrow
the collar and comes through embrold- j
ered slits at the front where it ties i
with short ends.
Wedding Rings
The style changes even in this. Time
was when to vary a millimetre from
prescribed breadth and thickness was
to commit a great offense. And the
ceremony would surely be a failure If
such new things were Introduced. But
the fourteen carat conventionality is
a thing of the past. Wedding rings
range from slender fine spun clreie3 of
platlnu.n tc elaborately engraved plat
inum bands that stop at nothing in the
way of decoration not even diamonds
bhoulder eltect which is so ultra-fash- As to th? motif engraved on these
I
iV
Save the Price of a $50 or $100
Liberty Bond on Your Piano Purchase
SAVE THE PRICE OF ALL YOUR WAR SAVINGS STAMPS
ON YOUR SHEET MUSIC AT W. MUIR'S.
PIANO FACTS
I EARNED THE MONEY TO BUY THE FIRST PIANOS I
SHIPPED TO BISBEE.
I SELL YOU A PIANO AT $50, $75 OR $100 LESS THAN
OTHERS, BECAUSE I PAID CASH FOR IT.
AN AGENT OF A LOS ANGELES STORE CHARGES YOU
$50, $75, $100 OR MORE TO PAY HIMSELF.
AN AGENT OF A CHICAGO FACTORY CHARGES YOU
$50, $75 OR $190 MORE TO PAY HIMSELF. WHY DONT
THEY GO TO WORK?
My Prices aref Calculated tot Suit My Customers
Not to Suit the Agents
Main St.
W. MUIR
Next Door to Well Fargo Express Office
REORGANIZED CHURCH OF JESUS
CHRIST, LATTER DAY SAINTS
Opposite Warren Laundry
Sunday school at 10 a. m. Preach
ing at 11 a. m. andS p. m. Young
folks meeting at 6:45 p. m. Subject at
8 o'clock: "Modernizing Religion." The
public is invited to all thee meetings.
Klder W. II. Mannerings in charce.
LAUNCH LARGE TONNAGE
fTH- Review I.oasel Wire)
BOSTON. June 1 "As much dead
weight ship tonnage has been launched
from the ship yards of the United
States in the last three weeks as was
usnk by the German submarines dur
ing the entire month of April." said
Dr. Clurles A. Eaton, chairman of th
National Service secticon of the Unit
ed Statej shipping board, addressing
the American society of mechvanieal
engineers here tonight. Last week
aione D. Eaton said. IS ships, repre
senting H'ti.OiM) deadweight tonnage,
went down the ways.
EPIDEMIC CRIPPLES SPAIN
Bv Review Leaned Wlrrt
MADRID, June 1. Virtually all of
Spain is in the grasp or a grip epi
demic which is spreading with great
virulence and has claimed many vic
tims. The public services are exceed
ingly limited as a multitude of the
employes are ill; some commercial
houses are closed for lack of help,
while the tramways have cut their
service by two-thirds.
1 00
-OF-
Sol it! Comfort
Right Down Town
Stanton & Overland Sts.
EL PASO, TEXAS
of el Savoy
Seaman & Schaldach, Props-,
Operated cn Merit Tty It
Best Dollar Day House in the
Great Southwest
HUNS SEIZE RUSS FORTS
(Pv Review Leased Wire)
LONDON'. June 1. The Daily Mail's
Copenhagen correspondent says that
according to the Petrograd newspaper
Pravo, the Ger .ans have seized and
fortified some of the forts at Kron-stadt.
JVwVwVwVwVwVWrWVV
CATARRH
or the
BLADDER
24 Hours
Each Ctv , v
m J V - m w ;
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week. .
Henry Poppen, Manager.
A Savings Account inspires confidence
quickens your energies gives you
firmer courage more stalwart thought
and hopes and carries you cn to achieve
ment and success.
Have YOU opened an account here
yet? -
SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES FOR RENT
The Body of
Our Paint
Is pure white lead. It Is mixed with
turpentine or pure linseed oil ac
cording to whether It U to be used
for in or outside work. There U no
grit In it; no adulterants to make
its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always get their supplies
here. Wouldn't It be wise for yon
to follow ti example.
Bisbee Lumber Company, inc
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR STOP.
PHONE
THE DOUGLAS ASSAY CO.
ASSAYERS CHEMISTS METALLURGISTS
AND ORE BUYERS
SPECIALTY RARE METALS AND ALKALIES
BOX 1031
1108 G. Ave. DOUGLAS, ARIZ. THE BISBEt: DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 2, 1918.
' throiieh scuDuers. The diffcrenre be-
(erty enKiue. the Aircraft (Production) Board and ! test August 23, 1917. j
j liore and stroke The bore and the Joint Army and Navy Technical I After the preliminary drawings
struction is such that very satisfac
tory service with a long life and high
order of efficiency will be givea by
this power plant, and that the design
has passed from the experimental
stage into the field of proven engines"
An engine committee was organ
ized informally, consisting of the en-
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN BONING DISTRICT
Sltween the two oiline systems consists
cf carrying oil for the crank pins stroke of the Liberty engine is 5 by 7 Board, June 4. The first sample was! were made, engineers from the lead
throuph a hole inside the crank cheek ; ini hes, the same as the Hall-Scott ! an eight-cylinder model, delivered to ing engine builders were brought to
('instead of up the outside face of the A-5 and A-7 engines, and as In the; the Bureau of Standards July 3, 1917. ; the Bureau of Standards, where they
crank cheek.
Hall-Scott 12-cylinder engine.
The eight-cylinder model, however, j Inspected the new designs and made
was never put into production, as ad-' suggestions, most of which were iu
vices from France indicated that de- corpora ted in the final design. At the
, Propeller hub The Hall-Scott pro-! Remarks The . idea of developing
ipeller-hub deslsn was adapted to the i Liberty engines of 4, 6, 8 and 12 cyl-
power of the Liberty engine. ; inders with the above characteristics
Packard Type Water Pump ; wns first thought of about May 23,
Water pump The Packard type of . 1917. The idea was developed in con
water pump was adapted to the Liber-1 ferenee w ith representatives of the
tv. ! British and French missions. May 2S
mantis for increased power would
make the eii;ht-cylindr model obso
lete before it could be produced.
same time expert production men gineers and production managers or
were making suggestions that would the Packard, Ford, Cadillac, Lincoln,
facilitate production. Marmon, and Trego companies. This
The Liberty 12-cylinder engine committee met at frequent Intervals
passed the 50-Jiour test, showing, as and it Is to this .group of men that the
the official report of August 25. 1917, final development of the Liberty en
records, "that the fundamental con- gine is largely due.
General Secretary A. B. Richardson
writes from Chicago, where he was
subpoenaed in the trial oi 112 I. V.
W. members, that he expects to return
soon after June first. While on this
trip Mr. Richardson has spent some
time trying to find a man to take his
place here as head of the Y. M. C. A.
and there is a possibility that a pros
pective secretary will be here soon to
look -over the field.
They expect to make the Bisbee
their home while here.
Work on the 12-Cylinder Engine
Work wa3 then concentrated on the
Carburetor A carburetor was ce- to June 1. and was submitted in tne u-oynnuer engine, ana one of the ex
teloped, by the Zenith Co. for the Lib-j form of sketches at a joint meeting of j perimental engines passed the 50-hour
Alfred Truscott and Tom Wallace,
long time members of the Bisbee "Y"
arrived Thursday morning from Tuc
son, where they have been attending
the University of Arizona. The boys
are glad to get back home and see
the old familiar faces and enjoy the
sociability of the Y. M. C. A.
FOUR
ifTI iC3 A O A MT3 1C3 A F IF)
In these strenuous days it Is the
duty of every man to keep himself in
the very . best physical condition.
Classes are still in progress in the
gymnasium and the exercise is needed
in June just as much as in January.
If you are not taking advantage of
these classes now is your time to get
into the game. The Eight O'clock
club that meets on Tuesday and Fri
day is coming strong. The business
men also play volley ball on Monday,
Wednesday and Friday at five o'clock.
Try the gymnasium and a cool plunge
to keep in good physical trim.
The classes in Spanish and Geology
are being conducted as usual at the
Y. M. C. A. and the Spanish Club ex
pects to resume its meetings begin
ning Wednesday of this week. The
meeting will be held at S p. m.
Guyler Magruder, who has been em
ployed as assistant in the boys' de
partment of the El Paso Y. M. C. A.,
recently arrived in Bisbee with the
intention of working in the mines dur
ing the summer. Mr. Magruder also
expects to transfer his membership to
the Bisbee association and enjoy the
many privilises to be had there.
The ability to swim is a very valu
able asset for any man to possess. If
you do not know how to swim now is
jour opportunity to learn. Classes for
men are being conducted every Tues
day. Thursday and Saturday by Tay
lor McLean. Ask the man at the desk.
Al Crittenden, who recently went
into army Y. M. C. A. work, is located
at Fr. Bliss near El Paso, Texas. He
reports that he likes the work very
much as far as he has gone, and ad
vised all men to get in the work who
Boys' Department
"High school boys will render the
best service of which they are capable !
hv romnininc in school until the com
pletion of their high school course. ;
Boys ard girls should be urged as a :
patriotic amy to remain in bciioui m
the completion of their high school
course and in greater numbers enter
college and university courses, es
pecially in technical and scientific
lines and normal school courses to
meet the great need of trained men
and women." The above statement J
was issued on April 5 and signed by
Commissioner Claxton and Secretaries
Baker, Daniels, Houston, Wilson and
Lane.
Many boys in the boys' department
are anxiously waiting for the time to
i . i n 1. i Minm lior nf
come wiieu tucj an uc a. - .
the men's department. That time is j
rapidly arrivine. Already Edwin Bald-1
win Lester Ferrel. Clark Core and
Titus Debley have transferred to the j jf
men's department.
Imv in the membership should
be kind enough to pass the word along t
in regard to the good time he lias in !
the came room, gymnasium ana
plunge and bring the other boys in to
can pass the examination. He expects enjoy me same
to go "over there suortiy.
FOREST SERVICE ASKS
FIRE PROTECTION
We had another letter from Earl I
n:. i -; t , . Un nH an antlmci. '
11 life,, a i. in ucc uu; auu au wh-mmo
astic member of the -Y - He says he
misses tne jiome-UKe uisDee i er - - - - . Prtrv Ser-
much, and yet he is quite well
tented and anxious to get "over there"
and get at the kaiser. He is located
at Camp Funston.
of the hunting
le Forestry S
hut tiuniilit it timely to issue a
warning to hunters and vacationists
ninst carelessness with fire. A bul-
lieiin iust issued says that "If every-
James C. Henderson, our Scotch I one wno visit, the ;
friend and jovial member of the SiS-ti "fST'raIcn'
SL l v- m A," ll?o rules tor preventing forest fires
r'rJUiro i'umri TVavic Ran A n tnn in. ! 311 UUai
Tn-n c ' n ,ht h i -into! to a minimum
the collar" in the "Y" work and is
enicvine hi3 experience immensely.
Mr. Henderson expressed the
fire losses would be reduced
I "1. .MARrits rseiore imumue
! vour match away, pinch the burnt end
'' .. .1 kraol- tlia
-ih between your misers auu ""
w,su . i .. in ho mire it
that others from Bisbee might soonjs-
enter the "Y" service and ased par- ls "
ticularly about Henry Perkins and
Thomas James.
Thomas James, another well known
"Y" member, is now in El Paso, Tex
as, where he is making final arrange
ments to enter the Army Y. M. C. A.
work.
The sulijecta outlined last winter
for the mining course are almost ex
hausted, but the educational commit
tee will meet in the near future to
Aiiilina thr rnnrea fnr the
UULlldV IIH. v w i ,iw v . j
months The class will continue as
licnni Thnruriav nf each week at one-1 fires
TfiRAfff) Smokers are cau
tioned to use more than ordinary care
while in the woods. Do not throw
pipe ashes, cigar or cigarette stubs
into brush, leaves or needles.
"3. CAMP FIRES After locating
rircnit fnr vnnr ramn fire, scrape
and dig away all inflamable material
to mineral soil for a raaius 01 iroui
i to 5 feet around it. Small camp
tires are the best. Never leave a
camp fire until it is entirely out, and
the lirepit smothered wua waier uu
,.mm0r,(nvpnd with mineral sou.
DUIUWtl 1 .... , ..
4. r lur.o iaju l uuuu "
They are extremely dangerous
thirty and seven p. m.
ested are welcome to
classes.
All men inter-
attend these
and wasteful.
"5. FOREST FIRES If you dis
cover a fire, make a decided effort to
PUT IT OUT. If you cannot put it
M L. Pavne and J. P. Doyle, who out, get word to the nearest r oresi ;
have been "attending the University j officer as soon as possible. t-very ,
of Arizona for the past year, arrived I minute saved m attacking the ure ,
in Bisbee Thursday. They expect to properly is of vital importance. ,
work here during the summer. The "u. tiitc u-'"-'i' "
fir. hin ihov iii nn arrival was to i fire laws. Prevent carelessness m me
join the Y. M. C. A. and secure a room ' use of lire.
Protect your inlcrt us."
: on
I 1
'mrj:r ft mfrw
jmM Few Days 5f M B
I Was $600, Now - vf Jp its o
fm. 0$ mis mPnm
i www 4- J I
! Was' $450, Now Cllfc- illSl ff C
Was $350, Now VtiWfP li
; Was $475
r iL. Now$86
i our .upporairacy
Liberty Engine Described in Detail
In Authorized Department Report
The War Department authorizes
the following statement:
The designs of the parts of the Lib
erty engine were based on the follow
ing: Cylinders The designers of the
cylinders lor Hie Liberty engine fol
lo'Aed the practice used in the Ger
man Mercedes, English Rolls Rojcc,
t renc h Lorraine-Dielri'-h, aud Italian
for the purpose of bringing each row :
cf cylinders nearer the vertical and i
ciiser together, so as to save width ,
and head resistance, l y the narrow
aiilc greater sirengtli is given to the
trunk case and vibration is reduced..
tleclric generator and ignition A
Delco ignitioii system is used, it was
especially designed lor the Liberty en
gino to save weight and to nitet the
special conditions due to firing 12 cyl-
Isotta Fraschini before the war and juuVrs with an included angle of 45
during the war. Tne cylinders are
made of steel inner shells surrounaeu
by pressed-steel water jackets. The
Packard Co. by long experience haa
developed a method of applying these
steel water jackets.
The valve cages are drop forgings
welded into the cylinder head. The
principal departure from European
practice is in the location of the hoid-ing-doA'u
llaime, which is several
inches above the muutli of the tylin
degrees.
Pistons The pistons of the Liberty ;
engine are of Hall-Scott design.
Connecting rods Forked or strad-'
die type connecting rods, first used
on the French De Dion car aud on the
Cadillac motor car in this country, :
are used. j
Crank shaft Crank shaft design
followed the standard 12-cylinder prac
lice, except as to oiling. Crauk case i
follows standard practice. The 43 de-'
der, and the unique method ol maiiu-; grte angle and the flange location on!
The i
1.700 !
fueture evolved by the Ford Co
output is now approximately
cynuder torgings per day.
Cam si.aus aau valve iutciiatiibiu
above cylinder heads The design ot
the above is based on the Mercedes,
but as - improved
riealion without '
Packard Mi-lor Car Co.
Copied from Hall-Scott Motor
Caui-ihait drive The turn-shaft
drive was copied almost entirely from
the Hall-Scott motor; in fact, several
of the gears used in the first sample
engines were supplied by the Hall-
tne tyniuitrs maue possioie a cij
strtii box bection.
The Lubricating Method
Lubrication The first system of
lubrication followed the German prac
tiee of Using one pump to keep the
for automatic lub- j crank case empty, delivering iuto an
asting oil by the; cnuide reservoir, and anoLlier pump
to force oil under pressure to the
main traiik-shatt bearings. This lub
rication system also tollowed the
German practice in allowing the over
flow in the main bearings to
travel
out the face of the crank sheets to,
a scupper which collected this excess
Scott Motor Car Co. This type of , for crank-pin lubrication. This is very
drive is used by Mercedes, Hispauo
Sulza, and others.
Angle between cylinders In the
Liberty tlio included angle between
this cvlimiers is 4-i decrees; in all
other exislin U-yliuder engines it is
ii't turrets. This lea tn re is new wilii
the Lib' n.y engine, and was adopted
economical in the use of oil and U
still the standard German practice.
The present system is similar to 1
the first practice, except that the bil, j
while uuder pressure, is not only fed
to main bearings but through holes;
to Get a High Grade Piano Cheap. These Pianos are All
New, coming from discontinued agencies throught the state.
Every one is fully warranted a lifetime, and a two years' free
exchange triai with each instrument.
Come to Our Store This Week Get First Choice, or Write
for Complete List of Bargains
Phonographs, Player Pianos and Records
Included in This Money-Saving Sale
Was $390
Now $192
Was $300
Now $120
Was $900
Now $475
mM w, j . vi a. .mw isssssi
look uins ana dovs i-ook.
Fifteen Watches and Wrist Watches Given Away FREE to Girls and Boys During This Sale.
Come In and Let Us Tell You About It
Every One Entering Our Store Will Receive a Free Chance Ticket on a $22 Guitar to Be Given Away, June 20lh
: EASY TERMS IF DESIRED
iiiMiic ol iduik i hecks to crauk plus,
instead o (ceding these crauk pins
Comp
J
Philadelphia Hcte! Bldg. O.K. Street PODE L. BOYLAN
Bisbee, Arizona THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 2, 1918.
FIVE
r
I
i
i
i
.1
Advertisements
Advertisements
Male Help Wanted
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. Schools, Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial aud Engineering courses.
Train tor service. 268
MANAGERS WANTED FOR OPEN
TERRITORY to supply automobile
trade and car owner with Kor-Ker !
Tire Tieatment"ail our other lines, j
Large i-roiits; Must finance own 0, -
aers; unusual proposition. .-iu.t--.iiu
Mfg. Co., 211 Bridge- St., NewaiK, j
N. J.
SS4 :
WANTED Experienced marr.ed man
to wors on farm. Royal Confection
ary.
766
actual auto repairing, book
.. . . .tig, shorthand, radio engineer
loung Men's Christian Asso
uu, Lob Angeles. Catalog free.
23U
Femalejlelp Wanted
WANTED Girl to help with house
work: iuust like children. Mie
Haas, general oeiivery. Warren.
WANTED Woman for
Box 161.
mixed work.
8S2
WANTED Maid for general house
work. Apply phone 17. 750 j
WANTED Competent girl for gen
eral h mtework. Phone green 853.
6S4
i Apply Joe Diaz, behind Brophy Gar
Male and Female Hero Wanted i age, Lowell. 912
GOVERNMENT NEEDS 20,000
CLERKS at Washington. Examina -
tions everywhere In June. Expcri-
Men and women
S87
For Sale
FOR SALE Sellers' Cabinet aud Din
ing room set. Phone red 805. 841
FOR SALE
One 7-roGiu, partly furnished house; I
centrally located. Up Tombstone!
Canyon. Good buy. j
n,, .r. fichn,i nu r,l
street, Warren. Part cash; part i
terms. A good home.
For Rent
located. -One boarding house; v.c-il
C. H. HOG AN REAL ESTATE
Below Copper Queen Hotel
4S3 1
FOR SALE Two lots, house and furn-!
iture er.il garage. Price, $1500; i:
terms. Win wood Addition. R. J. j
Brown. 75J !
.1-
FOR SALE 20 Acres ror chickens;
'dose to McNeal; shallow water; pay
$20.00 down and $20.00 per mouth.
E. P. Grindell, McNal, at Lowell on
Saturdays. 240
run. &Ai.t u.t 1 HADE .0 acres;
two wells, house, barn; for automo-1
bile and cash. At Sheridan, Placer
county, Cal. Apply P.
B., Review.
85.1
FOR SALE 4-room house and cabin;
completely furnished. Van Dyke St.,
Warren C. A. Brandt. 850
FOR SALE Am leaving town; will
sacrifice my two room house, two
lots auC furniture ior $200. OJ. If
tak-n today. 245 High Road. 856
FOR SALE Furniture of three rooms. !
and sleeping porch, cheap. Part cash.,
rust payments; house for rent, $15
per month. 174 Tcmby Ave. 80.1
FOR SALE Two houses,
blreet.
42 B, O. K.
. 813
FOR SALE Ford touring car; cheap
Call or phone blue 588. 62 i
F Jit SALE 1317 ("HAND
LE:! ( HUM MY FOUR XtOAD
S'lEI'.; A-l CONDITION;
EaS- PAYMENT; LIi.i'RTY
P. JXDS-- A C (' E 1 T E I) AT
FACE VALUE; WILL DEM
0:;.sTi;.1E. CALL AT SUN
SET BARBERSHOP. 773
PETEY DINK Those Six
i-!H-o unnecessary.
desiring government positions writ-si'"1' o-o-.u ... t. m.uSC.
for free particulars to J. C. Leonard.! pieteiy furnished; two lots, Ira-!
(forner Civil Sen ice Examiner,) J - A bargain. Co
inor wis rm, Wasl.in.rton. SSM.uO cash; ba.ance on very
.SAV, MACEL, ITS AlCRICMt
SomeThiuc awjd Ate
IVlAf "BUT 1 DOM'TTINfc.
TE POLICE rOR.CE IJ
"3ST TRE VCACrs. rXH-
f
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
utider this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents
must reach The Heview office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion In next mornings paper.
For Sale
FOR SALE Live chickens, 30c per lb., j FOR RENT Two rooms; furnished WANTEI seconu nana sewing ma
delivered, rhone green 696. 873 ! for housekeeping, to permanent ten-j chine. W. E. Best, Warren. 811
FOR SALE Best located grocery i
Btore Hi Warreu district; business;
averages J 1500 monthly and is a
money maker. Stock and tixtures
will invoice about J 1200. Address
box 12M, Bisbee. 86a
i,UR
SALE There muies.
Brophy
If
Carriage Co., Lowell.
FOR SALE 6-room house; furnished;
One year old. Tombstone canyon,
$7o0.O'l cash; balance easy terms.
Apply M. C. High. 7U4
TOR KENT Two furnished house
keepi:.; looms. Broadway Rooming
house, Drewrey Gulch. 75V
FOR SALE One five-room moderrf
bungalow at Warren. $2375.00;
terms. Box 3622, Lowell. SU0
FOR SALE Wood and coal range
with hot water front; good condi
tion. $18.00. Phone Red 810. 88j
FOR SALE Seven-room house; in
Warren; furnished; all conveni
ences; close to car line aud post-
. office. Price $2,S75. Address E. J.
Alexis, Lowell. 897
FOR SALE Ford five passenger tour
ing car. Apply Lyric Confectionery.
899
FOR SALE Fresh Jersey milk cow.
i
FOR SALE $60 Victrola, mahogany
1 case; bargain; party leaving town,
Phone Red 425. 911
easy payments. Apply to m. C. Kign
867
FOR SALE New house; three rooms
and huge sleeping porch; lot im
proved. ' For particulars, address G.
M. Carlisle, Warren, or see property,
225 ilazzard St. 621
FOR SALE Large 4-room house; with
glass l orch; cement walk around
house. 41 O. K. street. 710
: FOR SALE Seven-room
house; iu
Warreu; furnished; all conveni
ences; close to car line and post
office. Price, $2,875. Address E. J.
Alexij, Lowell. 741
1 FOR SALE Belgian Hares, Newzea-1
I land reds, does and small rabbits.
I C. E. Drullard. Naco Road. 642
RULED INDEX CARDS 5x3 lucneL, I
for sale at Review Job Department, 1
3loi
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Pieasant front room.
46
870
- Quality Hill.
FOR KENT Three furnished rooms.
Mrs. Grace Williams, Clawson Hill.
888
;i.0R RENT Bisbee Hotel, Furnished
rooms with running water. ' 252
1
MOOSE HOTEL-1- Furnished
$2.00 per week and up.
rooms
377
For Rent
FOR RENT Three, modern, furnished
housekeeping rooms, with bath.
Tonibslcno Canyon. Close in. Phone
156. 871
'iFOIi P. ENT Furnishes cabin. New
Bropuy Coal yard, Lowell. E. Erick-
son.
S47
FOR RENT 5 room bouse and f Jrni-
ture for sale. Inquire Busy Bee
Cafe Brewery Gulch.
848
FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms. 17 Montana St.,
Johnson Addition. Inquire 23 Mon
tana St. 852 ;
FOR KENT Furnished house corn- i
town. . L. Box 16fi5. 8U2
FOR RENT 2 iurni:shed housckei-p-ini;
rcims; . heap to right party. In
quire npstaiis 153, Opera Drive.
S!l
FOR RENT Three room furnishe.i
flt. Maxwell Flats, Clawson Hill'
,X!ir,
I FOR KENT- Housekeeping rooms. Ap- !
i ply it 115, Jiggervilie. . 113
Cirls Must Have Dressed in Bathing Sunte.
WOT UUCLE.
4T
For Rent
nant.
51 Jiggerville. No children.
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms;
three minutes from postoffice. No. !
81 School Hill. 858
FOR RENT 3-room, furnished house.
237 School Hill. 866
FOR RENT Two housekeeping rooms ;
furnished. Upper Lowell. 865 j
furnished;
FOR RENT 3 rooms;
lights and water. 224 Brophy Ave.
846 i
FOR RENT Fine house; with garage.
No children. Box 1946, Bisbee. 825
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms. No.
4 Quality Hill. No children. 838
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
and cabin. No. 9 Jiggerville.
839
FOR RENT Furnished; two 2 room
apartments. Apply Hayes House, I
Tombstone Canyon. 840 '
FOR RENT Four rooms; furnished; t
inquire 73 Jiggerville. 80S '
FOR RENT Two housekeeping rooms
49 O K. street. 749
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms;
also good place for bachelors. 56
Upper Lowell, across from Depot.
883
FOR RENT Newly papered three
room house. 90 Chicago avenue.
8S0
FOR RENT Furnished house or fur
niture for sale and house for rent;
newly repaired house beside C. & A.
Hospital. A. F. Louden. S98
FOR RENT For summer cosv lionic
In Tombstone canyon; Locklin carl
stop. New furniture, lights and
water; a snap to right party. E. G.
Limprecbt Will be at home all day
Sunday. 900
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms, with bath. Mrs.
Ikler. Opposite fire station. Tomb
stone Canyon. 901
FOR RUNT 3-rooni furnished house.
No. 3, Quality Hill. No children.
902
FOR RENT-98-C
O. K.
E. Gilmer.
-Small furnished house.
Phone Red 530. Mrs. W.
!10
fOR RENT Two rooms;
furnished
f0" housfikeeping.
No children. 2S
Montana St., Johnson Addition. G52
FOR RENT Nine room house; close
in. Apply Collins and Bretherton.
656
FOR IlENT Two story building, witn
lari:e basement, suitable for whole
sale bouse or storage and warehouse
business. In center ot Bisbee busi
ns district. Kent reasonable. Ap
ply Bisbee Daily Review. 542
FOR RENT 3-room furnished house;
also new, 3-room unfurnished house.
Mrs. Win wood, Winwood Addition.
720
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
rooms, 41 Johnson Add., Cement
bouse. 551
Agents
WANTED Live agents whole or part
time to handle a proposition backed
by banks and men of national re
putation. Have men making $50o
to $7')0 monthly. No capital required.
418 National Bank of Arizona Build
ing, Phoenix. 8S1
FORD headlight intensilier; PXi per J
cent belter light on low speed; ex-j
cl j'jive state or county rights; no i
Investment required; sample .j valley will add one more Industry to
cents C. O. D.. guaranteed profit $6 j Arizona's list and will mean hundreds
dozen and bonus; money cheerfully I of thousands of dollars will be added
refunded if not satisfactory; bank t bank accounts of local residents,
references. Universal Specialty Co.,! Big oil men in all parts of the coun
612 .'lymouth Bldg., Minneapolis. try are watching developments in the
Minn. 875 , Chino Valley and especially the United
f. ; Chino v.'eii. for it is now holding the
Money to Loan Reenter cf uttraction of the district.
$50,000 TO LOAN an improved city
property or for building, on easy
terms of payir.tnL T. A. Hushes, i
over Bank of Bisbee. 2S6
SMALL quicli loans on your personal
noto to salaried men and women, al-
ko on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 166 i
" ' , OM , SEE ( -1E5-I J
-I. 7b t.....r.. i vi . y c&aj f
ymmifi Mil
Wanted
g54";OLD CLOTHES bought. Phone 739.
' 585
Lost
LOST Light gray and black striped
cat, rather long hair, very large eyes,
answei-3 to name of Biddy. Return
to 25 Broadway, back of Central
School. Reward. 87a
LOST Diua fur-trimmed coat; at
, wm-rpn Park. Wednesday nicht
Finder please phone black 516. Mrs.
C. W. Holmes. 853
LOST Ladies' white h; at Warren
Park. Return to Review office;
reward. ' 841
Salesmen
I SALESMAN Capable specialty man
for Arizona. Staple line on NEW
and EXCEPTIONAL terms. Vacancy '
now. Attractive commission con- i
tract. $35 weekly for expenses. Gil-1
lett, 72 Carlin Bldg.- Cleveland, O.
8S6
SALESMEN WANTED Best of re-lpoISOIls , was , .slK.u a bauly run!
ferences and a few hundred dollars ,iown condition, and suiiereu so much j
cash necessary; $500 to $1000 l lust BumnR.r and tall that 1 was forced t
monthly profit; specialty well ad-1 t0 gjve u my work and take to my'
vertised. Alcemo Mfg. Co., 212 Bridge ; bed anj lor turee months I was simply l
St., Newark. N. J. 883! ln agony, i think I tried every medl-!
Miscellaneous
RAMSEY CANYON Big Dance, June
ft 1413 Cinnti milsir anrl vmt tiltia
assured. Everybody invited. ;
!
WATril f.v thu nnutiini, nf ,h.i .
....v,. .. v uj , 80 inut-n in tne papers anoui lauiac,. PYTHIAN SISTERS
Scycamore Grove Dance I'avillion; . tn;tt x C0Iltiuded to try it. although 1 i Li!y Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
six miles over the Divide. 8d7 , n,,,;t aUll)U as , nad ,.t.en disappointed ! .dnU 4tn Tnursday evenmg of each
SEED-Choice, re-cleaned, dwarf Milo !.fuuch, I had little idea that it would , monlh at oua Feli0W8 Hall. Vlsitiiig
maize, feterita and orange cane, also j he . Bu.t , CerZT,Z ??VflT blSti;r8 ar curdlally inviled
Ln rl.irkpn f.rt rll nt thp i ' u,y surprised after taking a few doses ; iiLNMli jiLUil, 41. E. C.
bee Mill, back of Tombstone Can
yon fire house, for inspection and
prices.
AMERICA AND THE GREAT WAR.'
Greatest Beller in years. Every
American wants it. Lavishly illus
trated. Low price. We will pay
you ?..00 to distribute it. Sample .
free.
International Press, Philadel-;
phia.
874 ;
CHIND OIL COMPANY
FjiAISED BY EXPERT
The' report of a government geolo
gist concerning the possibility of
bringing ir a flowing well on the prop
erty of the United Chino Oil & Refin
ing Company was received in Bisbee
yesterday by Mr. E. A. Burns, special j
representative of the company and as !
tne report states mat tne prospects
are bright for the drillers to find oil
ill uwiiiiuii i iai iiudijiiiica vtuuiii Ult' , - c-t , , v-r.,, w- , i ...1.
near future, local stockholders are . A" !N 'Ti),SJ " , 1:T"ItCfh"l,,J
highly pleased federal food administrators and their :
Having heard of the Chino vallev,;a. '''.f n "'".vm''6 !
the government expert determined to at;ue foo h adr","""S'rat l . ffi
investigate the field and only after he i Amon other t.thlnf ,h btatelvf,f'-,
had completed his tour of inspection ters ere cautioned particularly y ,
did oifioers of the company discover
who the mysterious stranger was. His
statement only verified those of dozens
of other oil and mining experts who!
have visited the well of the United
Chino company. '
The record made by the oil drillers I
in boring the shaft is more than srati-1
tying 'o the stockholders and officers
nt th rnnmanv fur roirni riro lii mr. 1
gress has been made from the start.
For the present, at least, the stock
cf the company has been withdrawn
from tliu market and as Mr. Burns
sayc. "positively none is for sale.
pending listing on the various stock
exchanges." j
The discovery of oil in the Chino '
Native of New ..i.iena an: tile
! Iiortest lived people in the world.
i which is attributed to their diet oi
lnrvBc o' certain beetlesand their
drinking seawater.
When dad asks for another slice of
bread.
Give him potatoes instead.
1 1 . . - . i!
J. A. MELTON SAYS
HE WAS FORGED TO
GIVE UP HIS WORK
Suffered Five Years And
Couldn't Find Relief i
Tanlac Ends Troubles j
l
"1 know several others besides my-1
selt wuo are taking i ulnae, and tni-y i
alt say it is doing tnem a world oi j
good, too. ' said J. a. .eium. wno is
"w.tn the Central loai Ac r uei Co., and
lives nt i'Sl bom li Sixteenth toireet,
Boise City, Idano, in an interesting in-1
teivie lecently.
During me past live years, Mr.
Melton continued, "1 have saiifcred so
mucli from rneunialisin, uisoruereu
kidneys, end siomacu trouble mat me
was a ouioen to me, aim especially i
has tn's ueeu tne case lor tue past j
seven or eignt mouths. .My whole uouy
seemed to be attectod wan rneuma-:
Usui, ;ny kidneys Dotnerea me co:i- i .
stanily mid my oack anu sides pained)
me so 1 was almost distrai teu. My I
stomach was so upset mat everything '
1 would tal disagreed witn me. 1 Lai
tearfuil headaches and was so vt ry
nervous loi months 1 never knew what ;
it was to get a good night s sleep. .My
entire system seemed tilled up vvitln
cine that was suggested, and paid out
more than $150.uo for tne treatment, I
but got only a little temporary reliet. !
"I had just about abandoned all j
hope of ever getting up auin, and l
don't reckon I wculd if it hailu I been
lor Tanlac. Well, I had bean reading
.... . .r. .
i it.- iiuu uii iiuiHutiin.ufc i. I
ings. My appetite picked up and then
all my troubles began to disappear. I !
soon sot to eating anything 1 wanted,'
aim my rueu.uai.i; nuuuio bijua..j
trouble gradually
left me. My head never acnes now,
and my nerves are calm and steady,
and I sleep every nigut iiKe a log. 1
. (.. 1
" '"L" iu.ee .
now, and am going to ke.'p it up for ;
a while, but it has already put me in
1 a shape tit where I can work every
! day out in all sort of wheather, and
j it doesn't seem to hurt tne one bit.
jTes, sir, Tanlac has certainly mide
life worth living fcr me, and is the
one medicine that I can recommend
feeling sure that it will help any'midy
that will give it a fair trial.
Tanlac Is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drus Co.,
in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in Bowie
by Bowie Drug Store, in San Simon by
J. B. Cooke, in Willcox by A. A. Nichol
I J T It 1 T 11 1 1 . 1 in
Eenson l v C. K
SOU. .11 LOV, IJ iut:il .'1US V.U.,
Moss 1'harinacy. itnd: tQ cause why an
la' - joruer.snould not be granted for tne
m oiee.son by I
Q PRICES STABILIZED
pern,!l no r " I'"- 1111 I
mn,r u, I;hS lhe Pr can proe ,
!'" - ' ",m (
-
111I5T ATlJtr
PORTiRS MUST BATHE
OMAHA. Neb.. June l.-Pullnin.i
porters, dining car waiters and chefs
must bathe regularly and wear clean
shirts, at ordinc lo orders from Direc-
tor AIcAdoo to L nion I'ecitic and otner zona, no, ou juuc a. "p
western railroads. The order provides Homestead Entry, No. 027365, tor Lots
that waiters must uo longer sleep in js and 4, E',-j SW'i, Section 31. Town
dining cars. ;ship 23-S, Range 22-E. G & S R B &
INDEPENDENT
Contractor and Builder
Estimates and Plans Furnished
Wm. McDOUG ALL
OPPOSITE LINCOLN SCHOOL
PHONE GREEN 728
HERBluT GK13BLC PHONE 60 J
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts cf each, their meeting nights, thir officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday nigut, iloose Hall
Visiting brothers cordially invited.
R. GLEASON. Director.
KAY ROSS. Secretary.
LOYAL OKANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
DHEADNAUGHT.
L. O. L-
NO. 210.
meets la L O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
Invited to at
tend. Wm. T. SMITHAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Follows' hall. Visiting Archers are
'cordially invited
AIRS. C C. FINLAYSON, Foreman
P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent.
Box 149G.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
' - . it- . i i
uieei every tteauesuaj
at 7:30, Brophy Nail.
V. C. SAXBY. C. C;
O. B. THOMAS, ClerK.
All Woodmen invited.
none iiaci& 59i.
iDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
rjox 1475
IM TH SUPfeKlOR COURT
IN TMh . COL..vry oF COCHISE,
.invv
u A a. a a jvh a& w
1.1 tue .Matter ct the Estate and
Guardianship ot a.N.nA AND liui
iNOKXoN .Minor3.
On reading and filing the petition ol
Mrs. v. 1: koiic, nee Buseubark, the
guardian of tne persons and estates ot
aiiUu aud Ko -vii.ito:., .Minors, pray
ing ior an o:ier ji suie ot certain real
estate belonging to said wards for the
purpose-i llic.'e.n sot lorlh;
If IS i:EKEUV OUDi.ilEI), That
. IQe next ot kin ot the said wards aud
all persons interested ln the said es
tate, appear uutoie tais Court ou Sat
! urday, tb latn aiy ot June, l'J18, at
; o clock A. M., at the Court Room
ot this Court, at the City ot Icmb-
,.,., ilt . , tv f IWhll
bale of sucn estate.
AND THIS IS TO FURTHER OR-
'lhat a ot tliis ord,;r be P"
!lslled At K.asl lhree (3J successive
wecks Ulore lhe 8aid day ht!U'mB
'ia the I:ishee Uail' KJV,CW'
Paper printed and published la said
CoBn o( Cocnise.
Dated May 4, 1918.
ALFRED C.
LOCKV'OOD,
Judge of the Superior Court.
!" "
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
j Department of The Interior
' U. S. Land Uitite at Phoeuix, Arizona,
; April 27. Jtl.:.
NuTICE is hereby fc'vcn that
. Charles A. Martin, ot Heretord, Arl-
.Meridian, nas niea iiuiiib oi imcuuuu
I to make Three Year Prool, to estab
lish claim to the land above described,
totore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Com
missioner, at Bisbe.e, Arizona, on the
4th day of June, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses: Jo
seph Hammer, Frederick J. Murreil,
Jacob C. Baker, George J. McCabe,
all of Herelord, Arizona.
JOHN L. 1RVIN.
Tvegistrir.
1 First .publication 5-4.
! Iist publication. 6 4.
CHIGHESTER S PILLS
MAUONn ItKlMt 111.1., f t
yen k nown Krst. Safest. A1w RrliV-rt
SOLD BY OKIGGISTS tVERYnHERE
I
! 8KS5H
W.dlrI AMI Jmr wif'w r A
fills in Ur4 nr b.14 mtt.UcfJy
K eail with Hiu Kiihno. V
wry Toixw acvpstsd 5iy
C"klJ rori
Skirts Too
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERW
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets In Medigovlci
Hall every Tuesday
night. Visiting brothers
welcome.
S. F. BENTON. Councillor.
J. U BENTON, Recording Secretary.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rathbone Lodge No. 10,
KnighU of Pythtaa,
meets each Thursdf
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:3t
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially invited.
LEON H. RICE, C. a
EARL. SOBLEY, K. of R. 1
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175. F. C. E meets
first and third TUESDAYS. 8 p. m.
Eagles HalL Visitors cordially wel
come. J. F. WILMOTH. PresIdenL
F. C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
C. L. EDMONDSON. Aerie Physicia.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAo. ALLISON, Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY. Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. F.
Hail, 7:30 p. to. Visiting members are
cordialiy invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID, President.
P. O, Box 34S3. Lowell. Ana.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY,
Secretary, LowelL
E. LINDQU1ST, Financial Secretary,
P. O. Box 3246. LowelL
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F
meets ever
WEDNESDAY
evening at Odd
Fellows' HalL
Main street, at 7:3U o'clock. Visitlr-g
brothers cordially invited to atteod.
Hall phone 119.
H. R. TAYLOR. N. G.
CARL V. NELSON. Secretary.
ORDER OF EASTERN. 8TAR.
meets ln Masonic Hall
Pearl Chapter, No. 6. meets
ln Masonic Hall second ana
fourth Tuetday of ec
month at 7: CO p. m.
MKs,
EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43. Bisbee.
JESSIE BEVAN, Secy. P. O.
MR3
Box 2293, Chairman Relief Cosv,
Phone 1G1.
WEE1C ENDING JL'NE b. 1S14.
Mocday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Blue r.eg.
Friday
Saturday
'. W. GIDLEY. W. M.
T. WATKIN3, Secy. F.
L A. M.
1 j. W. iulaau, r. . tr.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary CouuciL
.TV
Sf Bisbee Ixdge No.
1 vJm IUCQI3 UL, .
and 3rd Mondays
ot each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vk;h HalL Visit
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
IIONORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Vox 1621.
MOuERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
R. L. MOTZ. ConsuL
H. F. MATIIEWSON.
Clerk.
ByC A. V01GHT
VEARiv - iC TkEtfS
5moW
V
jr "X FRATERNAL.
fWm BR" "-00D
mm. ' SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 2, 1918.
Put AH Your Loose Change in
WAR SAVINGS STAMPS
It's the Patriotic Thing to Do
War Savings Stamps Pay i
Compound Interest Quarterly
HOW MANY WILL YOU HAVE?
U. S. Food Administration License Number G-13942
5
I
I
Women's Smart
Summer Coats
at One-Fourth Off
For every occasion from sports wear to
dress times, there's a coat in the lot suit
able. This is to give you some inkling of
velour, poriet twill, Fischer-Kennedy
vclcur, pariet twill, r ischer-Kennedy
tweed, taffeta, suede, novelty plaids and
checks in the latest Summer styles and
ill? at the following reduced prices:
$11.50 Coat for $ 8.65
13.50 Coat for 10.00
15.00 Coat for 11.25
18.50 Coat for 13.75
19.50 Coat for 14.75
24.50 Coat for 18.25
32.50 Coat for 24.00
40.00 Coat for 29.95
On Sale Monday, Second Floor
fib x-mvW- v "''. t '- rH
Charming New
Evening Dresses
at One-Fourth Off
It's a lovely and distinctive lot of the
newest creations that we direct attention
to. Crispy, fresh, new dresses, thorough
ly embodied with the high fashion ideas
of the foremost designers.
The materials are satins with nets,
crepe de chines, gros de laur.dra, chiffon
taffeta, metalic cloth, etc., with a wonder
full variotion of trimmings. These are
splendid values.
$25.00 Dress at $18.75
30.00 Dress at 22.50
35.00 Dress at 26.25
39.50 Dress at 29.75
50.00 Dress at 37.50
65.00 Dress at.? 48.75
Special Mid-Summer Clearance of Women's and Misses' Coats, Suits and Dresses at One-Fourth Off
Owing to the greatly increased price of material and labor since these garments left the manufacturer, you will readily appreciate the true worth of these offers. Among these Spring and Summer
weight garments are many that will be in keeping with the early Fall styles, and will save you many dollars. Every garment has the original price ticket and the market down ticket, showing that this is
a bona fide sale Shop early in order to secure a good selection. Among these assortments are the season's most charming creations in all the latest fabrics and colors. One can hardly imagine greater vari
ety that is offered here at one-fourth off. :?:XfS.I?Z?g& - -
Women's Fashionable Summer Suits at One-Fourth Off j Women's Chic Afternoon," Dresses at One - Fourth Off
Low as may be the price of these suits, the selection nevertheless
embraces models whose character and making would at the present
market prices of material cost almost twice these figures. They are
in all the best Summer styles and shades; the materials are all wool
serges, wool poplin, delki, poriet twill, silvertone, velour, tricotine,
wool jersey, Fisher-Kennedy tweed, taffeta silk, faille silk, Roshanara
crepe, silk poplin, satin and crepe de chine. Make your selection now
while the range is complete.
$18.50
26.50
32.50
35.00
40.00
43.50
Suit, Special 1 $13.95
Suit, Special : 19.95
Suit, Special 24.00
Suit, Special 26.25
Suit, Special 29.95
Suit, Special , 32.75
$46.50 Suit, Special $34.75
52.00 Suit, Soecinl :: 39.00
59.00 Suit, Special 44.25
63.00 Suit, Special 47.75
69.50 Suit, Special 52.25
85.00 Suit, Special 63.75
Beauty, style, value, smartness, goodness, are all embodied in this
display and sale of Summer dresses for women. Many, many, women
are coming here this week to add one or more of these pretty dresses
to their wardrobe and well can they afford to do so at the small prices
shown below. Crepe de chine, foulard, chiffon, taffeta. Georgette
crepe, wool jersey, combinations of Georgette and taffetrs, indestruct
able silk printed voiles, etc., in all the most wanted shades and styles
for Summer afternoon wear.
$16.50 Dress, Special $12.25 I $36.50 Dress, Special $27.50
19.50 Dress, Special 14.85
25.00 Dress. Special 18.25
29.50 Dress, Special : 22.25
30.00 Dress, Special 22.50
32.50 Dress, Special 24.50
39.50 Dress, Special 29.75
43.50 Dress, Special 32.50 .
51.00 Dress, Special... 38.25
56.50 Dress, Special 42.35
82.50 Dress, Special 61.95
A Special June Sale of Women's and Children's Dainty Muslin Underwear at Clearance Prices
Full line of women's and childrens muslin underwear, specially priced for this sale, comprising gowns, petticoats, chemise,
drawers, princess slips, corset, covers; all these garments were here before the advance in prices and will be a great saving to
those who take advantage of this sale To put off buying now m eans a loss to you of 25 per cent to 50 per cent, as the new ship
ments arrive. Every one of these items will be out on display for your inspection and selection tomorrow morning in the Ready
to-Wear section, second floor. .
Women's Fine Cowns .
At 49c, 69c, $1.09, $129, $1.58
and $2.58
Fine muslin and Nainsook gowns. 1 ou
will notice the use of fine laces and em
broideries on many of these garments",
high and low neck, long and short sleeve
models are shown ; specially priced at 49c,
69c, $1.09, $1.29, $1.58 and $2.50.
Sheer Nainsook Gowns to Go at $3.98,
$4.25 and $5.98. Hand made, hand em
broidered, in all styles; you will appreci
ate the saving on these pretty garments.
Women's Muslm Drawers
At $1.09, $1.29, $1.85, $2.09
and $2.25
One of the most important things about
these garments is the fact that.all the ma
terials and all the trimmings are most
generous in quantity and quality and just
as daintily and neatly made as possible;
trimmed in fine laces and embroidery edg
ing. Special at $1.09, $1.29, $1.85.
$2.09 and $2.25.
Women's Muslin Drawers, at 23c, 49c
and 60c With embroidery and lace
trimming.
Cambric Petticoats
At 58c, 78c, $1.09, $1.35, $1.58
$1.85, $225, $3.50, $6.50
Women's Cambric Petticoats, with
lace and embroidery flounces; some with
ruffles. There are many designs in the
lace and embroidery, so that a woman has
a delightful choice, and the prices are 58c,
78c, $1.09, $1.35, $1.58, $1.85, $2.25,
$3.50 and $6.50.
Women's Fine- Nainscok Petticoats,
with embroidered flounced, with under
neath dust ruffles edged with lace, in June
Sale at specially reduced price, $5.75.
w fl ( Iks
w. j t 1 .i i 1 1 kr
r-, s,
Women'sNainsookEnvelopeChemise
78c, $1.09, $1.35, $1.58, $1.95, $2.25
$2.58, $3.58 and $4.58
Women's good quality Nainsook envelope
chemises in Empire and other pretty models, with
organdie yokes, and trimmed with dainty laces and
lace shoulder straps. Now is the time to settle the
underwear question for all summer, and never ha3
there been a better opportunity than the present
sale.
Women's Princess Slips at $1.95
$225, $2.58, $2.95, $3.25, $3.58
A wonderful showing of women's princess slips,
made of fine quality Nainsook, trmiied with lace
and embroidery, with deep flounces of lace and em
broidery, at the above June Sale prices.
Special Lot of Trimmed Hats Va Off-Latest Models j L SS S jSass
Make Up Some Summer Garments From These Dress Goods and Silks
Make them now, in, your leisure time, and have them ready to slip into when the occasion makes
it necessary. You can choose from these materials most any color or pattern wanted that will make
up real stunningly, and that will wear well the whole Summer through for these modest figures.
40-Inch Crepe de Chine, $1.45 a
Yard. In a splendid assortment of
all the best shades; especially
priced at, the yard, $1.45.
36-Inch Foulards, for 75c a Yard.
in a wonderful variety of silk and
cotton sport designs. Many wo
men like a dress of foulard, to help
out with their summer wardrobe,
and here is the chance, specially
priced at 75c a yard; a regular
$1.00 value.
38.-Inch Figured Voiles, at 35c
a Yard. A most beautiful line of
dainty summer voiles, in a great
profusion of patterns and coloring.
Special, 35c a yard.
Fancy Georgette Crepe, at $1.49
and $1.89 a Yard. Many dainty
patterns to select from, in a large
range of colors, a sheer and dainty
material for summer dresses and
waists. These are exceptionally
low priced at $1.49 and $1.89 yd.
$1.95, $2.25 and $3.25
Fine Nainsook corset covers, one of those things
of which no one ever has too many. Some have
bodice of washable satin and neatly trimmed with
lace and Organdie and lace yokes; some are trim
med with pretty embroidery edges. These could
not be bought today at these sale prices.
Children's Undermuslins
In June Sale
Children's princess slips, 4 to 12 years; prettily
trimmed with embroidery edges and ruffles. Special
at 49c, 79c and $1.09. Slip-over gowns, 4 to 12
years, embroidery trimmed, 59c and 79c. Misses
muslin bloomers, 1 6 and 1 8 year sizes. Elastic top
and elastic knee. Special, .59c.
Our Windows Reflect the Character of the Merchandise in the Store You Will Find Them Specially Worth Studying