mmln
WEATHER
Thursday and Friday
fair; not much change:
in the temperature.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 21, NO. X77.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 5,1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CT3
w
PRESIDENT
AND
LEAVE FOR
One Time German Passenger Liner Carries Naval Crew With
Guns Ready for Action, While Big Naval Convoy Accom
panies the George Washington; As President Left for
Europe to Settle Problems of Peace, Two Ships With More
Than Five Thousand Yank Fighters Homeward Bound,
Passed Him; Allied Ships to Join in Greeting at Sea, While
There Will Be Successive Official Ceremonies on Land
NEW YORK; Dec. 4. Bound on a mission, the principal
objects of which are the abolition of militarism and the at
tainment of a just world peace, Woodrow Wilson, first presi
dent of the United States to visit Europe while in office, was
tonight speeding across the Atlantic toward France .to attend
the greatest international conference in history.
On the transport George Washington, one time German
passenger liner, manned by a navy crew and with deck guns
ready for action, and accompanied by a naval convoy, the
president left New York harbor today, amid a demonstration
without parallel in the history of the port.
The president took his place on the flying bridge as the
great ship moved down the bay. River craft and ships of
many nations dipped flags and tooted whistles and thousands
of persons bade him godspeed in cheers -and flag wavings
from skyscrapers and piers.
Off quarantine, where Staten Island throngs waved and
shouted, a second farewell and monitors, gunboats and artil
lerymen at Fort, Hamilton joined in saluting gunfire, the
George Washington met its ocean convoy, the superdread
naught Pennsylvania and a quintet of destroyers. With her
official consort and ten other destroyers, which joined the
fleet for a cruise to the limit of American territorial waters,
the George Washington disappeared over the eastern horizon
shortly after noon.
Mutt Crush Militarism.
Mr. Wilson left his native shores,
according to persons who conferred
with him before the George Washing
ton sailed, determined against mili
tarism in any form. He feels that
the crushing of Prussian militarism
is part of his plan for the future
peace of the world, these informants
said. .
Meet Returning Soldier.
In emphasis, it Beemed, of America's
part In bringing about Germany's
downfall, the presidential party, out
bound, met some of the American
soldiers returning from overseas.
Two thousand homecoming soldiers
on the Lapland cheered the George
Washington as she left her pier, and
outside quarantine the Minnekahda
was Bighted, steaming up the harbor
with more than 3000 soldiers as pas
sengers. Elaborate Ceremonies Planned.
In command of Admiral Mayo, the
peace squadron is heading, it is un
derstood, for Brest, an American de
barkation port in France. Its date of
arrival Is uncertain, but a quick pas
sage is not 'required, as ample time
remains for conferences preliminary
to the main peace assemblage. Off
the French coast the president will
be welcomed by a squadron of Ameri
can warships. French, British and
Italian vessels, also, it is said, will
Join in the greeting at sea, whkh
will be followed by a succession i.f
official ceremonies marking the ir.i3
ress of the American executive to
Paris, to the mar front and presum-
(Contlsued on Pas Four)
Clown Prince's Final Adieu
To Army Published in Hun
Paper, Says
(By lie view Leaned Wire)
COPENHAGEN, Dec. 4. (By
the Associated Press.) The Ger
man crown prince's last procla
mation, anouncing that his resig
nation from his command was
necessitated by the emperor's
resignation and thankins the
troops for their heroism and self
sacrifice, is published today by
the Taglishe Rundschau of Ber
lin. In this proclamation, Frede
rick William, who now is interned
on the Island of Wiertngen, hav
PARTY OF
'I
CONFERENCE
PEACE TOPICS
HOLD SENATE IN
President Wilson's Terms,
League of Nations, Disarm
ament and Open Diplomacy
Uppermost
(Br Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, De.c. 4. President
Wilson's 14 principles and terms, the
league of nations, international dis
armament, open diplomacy and other
subjects connected with the forthcom
ing peace conference were discussed
in the senate today during five hours
of debate in which many senators,
both republicans and democrats,
joined.
During the discussion Senator
Borah of Idaho, republican, introduced
a resolution proposing publication of
the pea.ee treaty immediately upon its
completion and open discussion of it
in the senate, while Senator Frellng
huysen of New Jersey, republican, of
fered a resolution seeking interpreta-
(Contlaued from Pac Tw)
Unconquered
ing fled to Holland, says:
"My army group is unvanquish
ed by arms. Hunger and bitter
need conquered us. We can quit .
the soil of 'rance proud and with
heads erect. Your shield, your
honor at soldiers, are unspotted.
"... Deeply moved, I sep
arate from you, bending my head
for your mighty exploits exploits
which history will relate to the
coming generations with Indeli
ble characters. True to your lead
ers as before, God be with you
and our fatherland."
VIGOROUS DEBATE
Hindenburg Announces Agrarian Policies in Germany
(Fy Review Leaaed Wire)
AMSTERDAM, Vkc 4. Tlie
Berlin Tapes Zeitung of Monday
says that Field Marshal Hinden
burg addressed the following proc
lamation to his troops:
"The preliminary work for a
land setlement on a big scale is
in progress and will be pushed
forward as rapidly as the shortage
of coal and of building materials
rV.i.,-'?.,
i ifci cmk
lfc; fig
NA TION'S FINANCES DURING THE GREA T WAR
M'DOO RENDERS
L REPORT
AS TREASURER
Inspiring Story Told in Fig
ures of Billions in Taxes,
Four Great Loans and Other
Fighting Efforts
' (By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Dec. 4. The finan
cial history of America's part in the
war is set forth by Secretary McAdoo
in his annual report drafted before his
resignation, and made public today by
the treasury. It is the history of how
the American people paid billions in
taxes, raised four great Liberty leans
and created a tremendous pool of cred
it with which the treasury through
its many war agencies paid the bills
of the army and navy, the shipping
board and other government depart
ments, loaned billions to the allies
and millions to war industries, helped 1
support the 'families of soldiers and
sailors and tided farmers over periods 1
of financial stringency.
"The payment into the treasury of !
vast sums in war taxes and from ,
bond sales," said Secretary McAdoo, j
"ana tne transiormaiion oi our vaneu
and complex economic life to the su
preme task of winning the war have
been acocmpllshed without shock, or
financial disturbance. The credit and
business structure of the nation re
mains sound and strong. The results
of the four Liberty loans are a tribute
to the patriotism of the American peo
ple and to the economic strength of
the nation."
The report constitutes Secretary
MeAdoo's final accounting of his stew-
mm
(Cat1aue4 Page Thres)
will permit. The returning war
riors will first receive the thanks
of the country for more than four
years' work in a thousand battles
in which they were unbeaten.
' Hundreds of thousands of build
ings will be erected on cheaply
acquired land with public money
loaned at low rates to farmers,
gardeners and country artisans.
Hou.i's will be built for workers.
LIBERTY'S PEACE ENVOY
ACTION ON DEMAND
ON HOLLAND FOR HOHEN
ZOLLERN AWAITS WILSON
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. Any
action looking to a demand on Hol
land for the extradition of William
Hohenzollern will be held in abey
ance until President Wilson
reaches Europe, according to in
formation today at the state de
partment. The British and French
governments already have been
examining into the legal questions
which might be involved in any
efforts to bring the former kaiser
to trial. President Wilson, so far
as officials now in Washington
are aware, never has expressed
himself on the subject.
VILHELM NOT
TO
tRy Review Leased Wire)
PARIS, Dec. 4, (Havas.) The
Germans hive begun restitutions.
They have delivered to the allies
300.000.000 francs gold, which came
from the Russian treasury.
WHAT WILHELM SAYS
AMERONGEN, Holland, Tuesday.
Dec. 3, (Hy the Associated Press.) "I
am a private citizen and while in Holl
land will not make any statement
whatever for publication.
This was the former emperor's mes
sage to the Associated Press corre
spondent when he called at Count von
Bentinck's castle again today.
The German general, acting as or
derly, who formerly was governor of
Continued en Pr five)
INCLINED
INTERVIEWS
employes and officials belonging
to sedentary occupations and
transferred to them on the pay
ment of a moderate portion of tne
actual costs. Only have patience
a little while. Help the wounded
fatherland throueh its hardest
time. Save it again by German
manly discipline and order and
thus make your own future and
your own happiness."
I0RE THAN 5000
TROOPS ARRIVE
F
Two Transports Arrive Dur
ing Exciting Period When
President Was Leaving,
Soldiers Were Greeted
(By P.eview leased Wire)
NEW YORK, Dec. 4 More than
5000 American soldiers arriving here
today from England on the transports
Lapland and Minnekahda shared as a
part of their homecoming reception
the tremendous ovation given Presi
dent Wilson as he sailed for France
on the George Washington to help
heal victory at the peace table.
The Lapland, bearing more than
2000 officers and men. most of them
aviators, came in just as the presi
dential ship was about to sail. The
Minnekahda, which came in a short
time later, with 3039 men aboard,
passed the George Washington in the
Narrows. On each occasion cheers
for the president and cheers for the
soldiers were blended as tV ehlps
' passed.
j The demonstration which attended
! the arrival of the Lapland and the
, departure of the George Washington
had just begun to die away when the
i Minnekahda hove in si-i't. but itt ap
pearance stiriej the crowds gnthered
i on the shores and the water craft
whistles into another tumultuous
greeting.
i As the Minnekahda neared her pier
she passed a ferry boat transporting
the soldiers from the Lapland to Long
Island Citv, where they were to en-
i Continued Paga Faun
ROM
ENGLAND
ONTA ADMITS
DEALINC FOR
IN AGENTS
SAYS HE COMMUNICATED WITH
DR. DERNBERG ABOUT PUR
CHASE OF NEWSPAPERS AND
TELLS DETAILS TO SENATORS
PROBING BREWERY INTERESTS
PROTESTS LOYALTY
COMMITTEE ALSO LEARNS THAT
IMMEDIATELY AFTER VON
BERNSTORFF VISITED PRESS
BUREAU AGITATION AGAINST
MUNITION MAKING STARTED
(By Kevlew Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. Alex
ander Konta of New York, named
by Alien Property Custodian Pal
mer as an agent m negotiations
through which the German gov-'
ernment sought to buy news
papers in this country before the
United States entered the war,
admitted to a senate committee
today that he bad communicated
with Dr. Bernard Dei nberg, Ger
man propagandist, on the sub
ject of the purchase of a New
York newspaper. The committee
Is investigating brewers' activi
ties and German propaganda.
Konta said he wrote to Dr. Dern
berg on the subject and that he was
inspired by a desire to. help the
kaiser's representative carry out his
plans to get publicity for Germany;
to get a newspaper that would be
hostile to prohibition and to earn a
commissi! n.
Wj German Agent.
"I desired to aid Dr. Dernoerg to
get the paper in order that he would
have an opportunity to lay before the
American people"
"German propaganda. interrupted
Senator Nelson of Minnesota.
"Ha wanted the paper, not for him
self, but for the German government
and he was a German agent. Isn't
that truer
"He must have been," replied
Konta.
Witness Protests Loyalty.
The witness, wno stoutly denied he
ever had been disloyal to America,
also said he had written in 1915 t)
Dr. Heinrich F. Albert, then an at
tache of the German embassy here
and well known as a propagandist,
regarding an offer of $1000 to be made
to any person who could prove that
misstatements were made in the Ger
man general staffs dally official war
announcements. Konta said this offer
never was made.
Other testimony before the commit
tee today was that Count von Bern
storff. the former German ambassa
dor, had visited the officers of the
American Association of Foreign Lan
guage Newspapers in New York in
March. 1915. and that immediately
afterward an advertising campaign to
prevent the manufacture of munitions
in this country for the allies was
started.
Hammerling on Stand.
Louis N. Hammerling, president of
this association, which had $200,000 for
the advertising campaign, testified
yesterday that he did not know Yon
Bernstorff. It also was in evidence
today that Hammerling had directed
that Captains Boy-ed and von Papen.
naval and military attaches at the
German embassy, be called on the
telephone for him.
, The witness ofrering this testimony
was Arthur Gabriel,, former vice-pres-
(Continued on Page Two)
Austria Not Anxious for
War But Merely Desires to
Be Allowed an Existence
VIENNA. Tuesday. Dec. 3 (By
the Associated Press.) Dr. Franz
Klein, former minister of justice,
who will represent Austria at the
peace conference, said today. "If
we are permitted to attend the
conference, I presume it will be
merely to receive its mandates,
though we trust we will be heard.
However, so far we have no in
formation as to 1 when we shall
attend or the couditions attached
to our attendance.
"It is to be hoped that the con
ferences will arrive at a solution
satisfactory to all the new repub
LEADERS TALK
OF PROBLEMS
OF PRESENT
FOUR THOUSAND $IEN REPRE-
SENTING EVERY BRANCH OF IN
DUSTRY IN COUNTRY GATHER
IN RECONSTRUCTION CON.
GRESS TO TALK OF CONDITIONS
SCHWAB STIRS MEN
APPEALS FOR GREAT MERCHANT
MARINE TO CARRY FLAG INTO
ALL PARTS OF EARTH; PLAN OF
OPERATION IMMATERIAL SO IT
IS ECONOMICALLY-EFFECTIVE
ATLANTIC CITY. N. J., Dec. 4.
Four thousand men, representing vir
tually every branch of business and
industry in the country, assembled
here today in reconstruction con
gress, listened to messages on re
adjustment problems delivered by
Secretary of Commerce William C.
Redfield. Charles M. Schwab, head of
the Bethlehem Steel corporation, and
director general of the Emergency
Fleet corporation, and Harry A.
Wheeler, president of the Chamber
of Commerce of the United States.
Mr. Wheeler, amid great applause,
urged that American business should
be represented at the peace confer
ence in France. Mr. Schwab made an
appeal for a great merchant marine
to give outlet to surplus American
products and declared that labor
I should be permitted to organize in ln
! dividual plants and share in the pros
j perity of the country. Secretary Red
i field said that no rash hands should
j he laid on wages; that the proper
spirit of trade i not excessive profits,
but service, and that the American
business man should take into ac
count moral values when dealing with
his customers in all lands.
There was some talk here tonight
that a committee of American busi
ness and industrial men might be
sent to Europe during the peace ne
gotiations. Secretary Redfield prefaced his
speech with the statement that his
remarks were not to be taken as an
official announcement. "I am more
and more impressed." said Mr. Red
field, "in reading current discussions
and reflecting upon them with the
truth that readjustment la very large
ly a state of mind that it requires
not so much a program of a fixed line
of procedure as an evolution. While
we are discussing it the process of re
adjustment is proceeding almost
silently all about us."
j He made a plea that a helpful hand
.' be extended to the countries that suf
i fered through the ruthlessness of the
j central powers.
Mr. Schwab's appeal for a merchant
i marine struck a responsive chord. A
I great merchant marine is essential
; for the ultimate success of the United
I States, he said, and its successful op
: era t ion is not for the benefit of any
i one man or class of men or any one
branch of business, but for the good
'of every citizen of the country.
I "I do not care." he added, "what
I plan may be best for the operation
of these ships so long as they are
; operated economically and so long as
; the expense of operation is borne by
j the whole people. No American ship-
ping can be successful or enlist pri-
vate capital today, as shipping is now
! operated." ,
Speaking on private ownership of
industries. Mr. Schwab said:
; "The real development of any great
(Ontlnuad an Page Two)
lics of the empire, so that we
may be able to live peacefully In
the future. We feel that the
Americans surely will be fair. It
would be advisable for the allies
to send here groups of statesmen
and business men to look Into
conditions before trying to settle
matters. Outsiders might find a
solution of the difficulties which
we ourselves have bee a unable to
find.
"Yon may say (that the Aus
trian government certainly wants
no more wars and has no ambi
tion other than to live 'THEiSISBEE DAILY REVlEW.tHl'RSDAYrDECEMBER5ri918."
1WU
AIRPLANES START !
TO HAP ROUTE TO
TEXAS PASS CITY!
i
Five Pilots Leave San Diego I
to Pass Over Arizona To-j
day and Reach EI Paso in;
Afternoon
lv Review leased Wlrrt
SAN DIEGO. Calif., Dec. 4 Five
airplanes, starting out to map air lines
for aerial mail service between this
,city and Kl Paso, Texas, left Rockwell
field, near here, late today.
Major Albert Smith, beading the
squadron, carried a letter from Mayor
L. J. W ilde of San Diego, to the Mayor
of the mayor of El Paso. A leaky
gasoline tank cn on? of the machines
was responsible for an eight hour de
lay in the start. Extraordinary pre
cautious were taken for the safety of
the pilots, eaca carrying several long
strips of white Cloth with which to
signal to his coArades.
T ........ nf onniflunl it UUU nlatlllPfl
111 lane ui vviutu " i' " - ,
ihit rainr lamps MrKpfv flight sur
geon, accompanying the squadron, on
its 1500 mile trip, should land im
mediately. The pilots were instruct
ed to maintain an altitude between
S000 and 10,000 feet.
The squadron planned to remain
over night at Calexico, Calif., and to
start at 6:30 a. m. tomorrow for Phoe
nix, Ariz. A few minutes stop will be
made at the Arizona city and then
the planes will fly direct for El Paso,
reaching there late tomorrow after
noon if no adverse weather is en
countered. The pilots of the five airplanes In
clude Major Albert Smith, chief In
structor, of flying at Rockwell field ; :
Lt. Robert Worthington. commander
of the aerial gunnery school at Ream
field; Lt. Hubert D. McLean, Lt. Al
bert Pile and Lt. Frank Bruce John-1
son. Maj.' James McKee is flight j
surgeon and Lt. James Evans official
topographer. Three expert mechani-!
ians also accompanied the air fleet, j
LEADERS TALK
OF PROBLEMS
OF PRESENT
(Continued from Page One)
enterprise depends on the Individual
initiative of the American business
man. I do not believe we will ever
get the full economical development
of any great branch of American In
dustry that is not developed under
private enterprise and by private
capital."
"Taking up the question of labor.
Mr. Schwab said: ....
'I am one of the men who believe
hi the fairness of American labor. I
. am one of the men who believe that
the only foundation upon which any
thing can permanently rest Is the
economic use of every'thin?. whether
it be labor, material, manufacture or
what not. Any foundation of organ
ized labor or capital that Is on a
false basis must fail. We started in
some 20 years on a series of exploita
mm w
-This is an opportunity of
Or
nfi
Because of the unusual conditions that have existed, and to make up the loss of busi
ness in the period just past. We have planned this Great Unloading Sale, beginning
today, Thursday, at 8 a. m. This sale will continue until every hat is sold. Remem
ber, all hats Yi price.
(SALE
OF
25 Off
A special purchase of a big lot of dresses and skirts of silk and serges, that will con
vince you of the supremacy of this store, in value giving and style. You will say the
values are wonderful: silks, satins and serges. Dresses and skirts for all occasions.
Clever and youthful styles for street wrar ;n all sizes. The . lines of these dresses, as
well as the materials and workmanship ate comparable with only those at much hig!"cr
prices. A good assortment of the smartest styles.
VISIT OUR
Toyl&ect
ia the Balcony -Santa CUus is Ready
PEACE DELEGATES MAY MEET EACH OTHER
IN, MAGNIFICENT TRIANON PALACE ROOM
22C
Reception room of Louis Philippe in
r.. ' -;4fV
Should the peace conference be held in the Palace of Versailles, as it
15 now thought probable, it is likely that the reception of the envoys from
all countries will take place in the historic reception room of Louis Philippe
in the Grand Trianon Palace adjoining the Versailles Palace. Thii room is
noted for its magnificence.
tions that maiy people called trusts
and there were many such coucerns
organized that had as their prime
motive the artificial idea of either
restricting production or increasing
the selling price. You have seen
them, one after the other, tail and
fade away. That was on a wrong
basis. Our congress realized it and
rightly and justly took steps to cor
rect it. f
"Whit has been true of capital will
be equally true of labor and, therefore.
the education of the American labor
ing man must be to have some ideas
that his- permanency and Buecess and
the success of the nation will depend
upon labor condiiions and capital con
ditions that are founded on economic
principles lirst of all.
" am not opposed to organized
labor. I believe that labor should
organize in individual plants or among
themselves for the better negotiation
of labor and the protection, of .their
own rights; but the organization and
control of labor in individual plants
and manufacturies, to my mind, ought
to be made representative of those
plants who now those conditions. .
-In the years gone by, I seriously
doubt many times if labor has re
ceived its fair share of the prosperity
of this great country. We, as manu
facturers, have got to open our eyes
to a wider vision of the present and
the future with reference to our work
men. We have. got to devise ways
and means by which capital and labor,
that have ao often been termed
synonymous, shall share equally, not
in theory but in practice. We have
got to devise ways and means of edu
cation. We must not only talk about
W Lit
which every woman in Bisbee
DRESSES AND
Regular Selling Price
NTRANCE
ON
SUBWAY
TREZT
A Irll LI
. it .
1,1
Grand Trianon Palace, Versailles.
these things, but we must do these
things. We have got to realize that
many unjust demands will be made
by labor as they probably have been
made by capitalists and employers in
the past. That is one of the lessons
this great war has taught us true
democracy."
Mr. Schwab said that he had tele
graphed to the president a few days
ago begging to be relieved of his
duties as head of the emergency fleet
corporation, important as the work
is, to take up what he believed to be
more important duties. "I felt, that
having 170.000 employes of my own
and a payroll of 125,000,000 a month.
I could be of greater service to this
nation and this country by retiring
from the work I had done for the
government to the study of important
questions in connection with this
transition, period in the various in
dustries in the United States."
Thirty-six related industrial groups
met tonight and considered questions
affecting their particular interests in
the work of reconstruction. The
views of these groups will be passed
along to ten major groups tomorrow
which will consider resolutions that
may eventually reach the floor'of the
congress. '
Bernard M. Baruch, . rliairman of
the war Industries board .'in a letter
read to the congress, saifl the cancel
lation of contracts does not mean a
repudiation of contracts. "The gov
ernment will not, I am sure," he said,
'take from industry of the country
anything to which it Is entitled under
each and every, Contract."
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
will want to take advantage
REAR
OF
MAIN
B'JIlDir'C
V J U & I
I
SKIRTS)
WHEAT FLOUR EXPORTATION
TO MEXICO WILL BE
PERMITTED UNDER LICENSE
WASHINGTON. Dec. 4. Ex-nutation
of wheat flour to the West
! Indies, luexico and Centra! a.id
; Southern American cotm'r'os will
; now be permitted, under license, S
j it was announced today, by the S
! war trade board, after consultation
! with the foo4 administration, i
Licenses will be granted when ap-
! proved ! v the gt&lu corporation. I
flu1reaiWh
with violence in
partsmorado
PUEBLO AND FT. COLLINS HAVE
LARGEST NUMBER NEW CASSE
OF INFLUENZA AND PNEU
MONIA; GLENWOOD SPRINGS
LIFTS BAN ON GATHERINGS
tHy Review Leased Wire)
DENVER. Colo., Dec. 4. Unexpect
ed increases, both in the number of
deaths from influenza and in the num
ber of new cases, were reported to the
state board of public health and to
the Denver health officials today. The
most marked increase reported to Dr.
E. E. Kennedy of the state board
were in Pueblo and Ft. Collins, while
in Denver the deaths from influenza
mounted to a figure materially larger
than those of any previous day.
Pueblo was given permission by the
state health board to remove restric
tions on public gatherings beginning
Friday in spite of a report of 59 new
cases and 10 deaths Tuesday and 58
new cases Monday. Ft. Collins, where
the ban on public gatherings was lift
ed last week, reported 53 new cases
and two deaths Tuesday as compared
with 24 new cases Monday and 11 Sun
day. Officials of Glenwood Springs were
given permission, to lift the ban on all
forms of public gatherings except
schools. The state ,board also filed a
request for the services of a doctor,
sent from Kersey, a small town in
Weld county.
EXTEND THE QUARANTINE
(By Review Leased Wire)
SPOKANE, Wash.. Dec. 4. Exten
sion or the influenza quarantine to
mass meetings, community singing
conventions and crowding in theater
lobbies was announced here today.
Theaters and churches will remain
open. Seventy-one new cases of in
fluenza were reported up to noon to
day. ,
KONTA ADMITS
DEALING FOR
- HUN AGENTS
Continued from Page One
ident of the association. Gabriel said
it was the general belief among Poles
that Hammerling was in the pay of
the Austrian government, and that
when he informed Hammerling of
this tact the latter called him In and
told him to keep his mouth shut, say
ing that "what people don't know
dont hurt them."
After that, Gabriel said he received
$500 or $1000 extra in his pay en
velope. Such extra payments, he
testified, were not unusual.
Konta' Tells Secrets.
In his testimony before the com
mittee, Konta 'told of meeting Hans
Tauscher, charged with participation
in the attempt to blow up the Welland
canal, and of his association with
Tauscher and his wife. Madame Gad
ski, a grand opera singer, both of
whom he said were "one hundred per
cent pro-Germa."
Konta read a prepared statement
! to the committee in which he denied
being disloyal and described his or
ganization of the American-Hungarian
Loyalty league under the auspices of
the committee on public information.
References to Dernuerg. Albert and
other German agents' were brought
out by Maj. E Ixwry Humes, in
charge of the investigation for the
committee.
Lusitania Changed Views.
Konta said he had been pro-German
up to the time sinking of the Lusi
tania, but his 'views underwent an
other change, he said, when Russia
started its advance in Transylvania, j
He was anxious to see an independent
Hungary, he declared, and the advance
of Russia toward iludapest caused
his belief in the ultimate success of
an independent Hungary to weaken.
In his prepared statement Konta
described different investigations of
his affairs by the government
agencies, including the district attor
ney's office in New Vork, and the
military intelligence department, in
all of which, he said, he was informed
by those who initiated "the iuvestigii
lions thiit they had been unublc to
obtain any data relative to any dis
linal acts ir utterances by him.
PEACE TOPICS
HOLD SENATE IN
VIGOROUS DEBATE
"!: i in fn.iii1 1'iiii
ti n Iy the president of the 14 points.
Itoth I'i'Koliitioiis will be sent to the
foreign rvhiluitis committee, which lie
, fisre the nenat. discussion opened,
considered lor almost two hours be
hind closed dorrs the resoluliou of
SctMlui Cummin of Iowa, i : pnhiu :in.
proponing uppoiiitinciit of a senate
1 committee to attend tho Paris confer-
AMERICANS AID
VILLA, CHARGES
IJ
Says These Men Are Aiding
Outlaw to Destroy Ameri
can Property and Kill Na
tionals in Mexico
(Hy Review l-nwtl Wlie
JUAREZ. Mex., Dec. 4 Gen-
eral Francisco Murguia establish- !
edhi3 temporary military head- '
quarters here tonight, while pur- j
suing Francisco Villa and his !
main command of 7o0 men. Villa
is believed to be In the Angle I
formed y the Mexican Central ,
and Mexico Non '-western rail- I
roads. General Murguia has 20O0 i
troops with a number of field j
pieces and machine guns which
he plans to use against the Villa i
force if he can overtake it In the
Casas Grandes district. En route
from Villa Ahumada to the border j
today the exploration train which !
preceded the ' three troop trains !
picked up 12 dynamite bombs I
which had been placed under the
railroad track by Villa's men. to
wreck the troop trains
General Murguia confirmed bunging .
of Luis Gameros and four other j
residents of Villa Ahumada Sunday
by Villa's men. He said there had,
been no fighting between his forces
and those of Villa south of Juarez, but
he expected to engage the Villa col- j
umn somewhere near Casa Grandes..'
Villa has his brother. Hipolito Villa.
Nicholas Fernandez and Martin Lopez
with him, he said.
"Villa is being aided by agents on j
the American side," General Murguia 1
said tonight. "These men are aiding j
the enemies of the established govern- j
ment in Mexico to destroy American
property and lives in Mexico and they '
should be prevented from smuggling 1
ammunition to Villa to be used in .
killing Americans in Mexico."
. General Murgui was informed by ;
Consul General Andres Garcia .that
the I'nited States army on the border
was doing everything possible to stop
the smuggling of ammunition across ,
the border. I
The four military trains were sched- j
uled to leave here lata tonight fori
Casas Grandes where the troops, all of !
which are cavalry ana artillery will i
detrain and take the field. !
ence to keep the senate informed of
events there. Action on the Cummins
resolution was postponed until toraor-!
row, with administration leaders and
some repubHcans reported opposing ;
its approval. The committee also de- j
cided to put over until next week the j
resolution of Senator Knox of Pennsyl
vania, republican. . calling for post
ponement cf action by the peace con-1
ference on the question of a league I
of nations and freedom of the seas.
The Beuate's debate, which con- j
tinued intermittently until adjourn-1
ment tonight, was opened by Senator j
Frelinghuysen. who in offering his j
resolution, declared the president had !
never elaborated on many of his I I '
terms and demanded that the Amer- j
lean people be informed of their con- j
crete application.
In reply. Senator Walsh of Montana. !
democrat, ' said delay in' criticism of!
the 14 principles was ground for gen
eral belief that the country approved
them. Senators Poindexter of Wash
ington. Knox of Pennsylvania, and
Johnson of California, all republicans,
challenged that view-. They insisted
that after their enunciation peace dis
cussion generally had been frowned
upon until Tccently and consequently
there had been no general discussion
of them. Senator Johnson said the
president has gone to France leav
ing the nation ignorant of the precise
meaning of his principles. I
Senator Knox said congress had
taken a position on an agreement be
tween nations when it attached a rider
to the naval appropriation bill of
Fezruary. 1916, authorizing the presi
dent to call . an International confer-
A NERVOUS WRECK
From Three Years' Suffering. Sayi
Cardui Made Her Well.
Texas City, Tex. In an Interesting j
statement, Mrs. G. H. SchlU, of this town,
says: "For three years I suffered untold j
agony with my head. I was unable lb j
do any of my work. I
I iust wanted to sleep all the time, for '
that was the only ease I could get, when j
I was asleep. I became a nervous wreck j
just from the awful suffering with my (
head. 1
I was so nervous that the least noise
would make me jump out of my bed. I
had no energy, and was unable to do '
anything. My son, a young boy, had to ;
do all my household duties.
I was not able to do anything until I '
took Cardui. I took three bottles in all !
and it surely cured me of those awful
headaches. That has been three years
ago, and I know the cure is permanent,
for I have never had any headache sine
taking Cardui. ..
' Nothing relieved me until I took Cardui,
It did wonders for me."
Try Cardui for your troubles made
from medicinal Ingredients recommended
in medical books as being of benefit in (
'emale troubles, and 40 years of use has
proven that the books are right Begin
tailing Cardui today. NC-134
i
rev;ew want ads for RESULTS I
GEN
IRA
ence not later than the conclusion of
the war for discussion of military dis
armament and general arbitration of
international disputes.
During the day Senator Kellogg of
Minnesota, republican, delivered a pre
pared address in favor of a league of
nations whose decrees should be en
forced by popular opinion of respon
sive popular governments and not by
force of a superior military force. .
In replying to Senator Kellogg, who
had expressed regret tbat the presi
dent had not taken the senate and peo
ple more into his confidence on peace
questions. Senator Lewis of llhaois.
the democratic whip, declared that in
selecting the American peace commis
sion without naming a senate repre
sentative the president had not inten-
ONLY 17 MORE
SHOPPING DAYS
BEFORE XMAS
MAKE THIS A HAPPY X'MAS BY GIVING USE
FUL PRESENTS. A FEW SUGGESTIONS. COME IN
AND LET US HELP YOU MAKE YOUR SELECTION
Ladies Silk Dresses, in all the latest styles, ranging in
price
$8.90, $9.90, $10.90, $14.75, $16.50, $18.50, $19.75,
$22.50, $27.50, $34.75
Ladies. Men's, and Children's Bath Robes
$1.49, $1.98, $2.25, $3.49, $3.98, $4.49, $4.98, $5.90
Ladies', Men's, Boys' and Children's Dress Shoes at
Money Saving Prices
Ladies' Silk Waists from $3.49 to $7.50
Ladies' Silk Underwear $2.98 to $3.49, $4.98
Men's and Boys Fine Neckwear.
Ladies', Men's and Children's Fancy Handkerchiefs, in
boxes.
Ladies' Silk and Wool Sweaters all shades.
Fancy Stationery.
Ladies' and Men's Silk Hose.
Men's Warm Auto Driving Gloves $1.49, $1.98
Men's Silk Dress Shirts from $2.49 to $7.50
Ladies' Fancy Hand Bags from ,. $1.49 to $4.93
Trunks and suit cases in all sizes.
Men's and Boys' Suits, Hats, Caps, Mackinaws, in
fact, everything of useful nature at, the right prices.
Every War Savings Stamp in your possession is a pic
ture of your share in the work of winning the war. Why
not get up a regular picture gallery?
"WHERE YOU
BUY
AT
acket
R
Store
A SMALL DEPOSIT
WILL SECURE ANYTHING
A large line of holiday goscU of all kinds. Jewelry,
cut glass and silverware. We will save you from 10
to25' j on all purchases.
Jewelry engraved free of charge.
See our line before you buy.
Racket Jewelry Store
BREWERY GULCH
I tionally slighted the senate. He said
i the president had at first favored ap-
pointing a senator but had reluctantly
felt such a selection would be lm-
proper since the aenat must finally
i act on the treaty.
1 Closing the day's debate. Senator
t Reed of Missouri, and Williams of
I Mississippi, democrats, clashed on the
' question of a league of nations. The
' Missouri senator vigorously opposed
a league given power to use military
t force in imposing its decrees upon a
i single nation and the Mississippi sen
ator argued that a league to enforce
peace as a final resort by Joint mili
tary force is desirable. Senator Wil
liams expressed -hope that a world
Monroe doctrine would result from
the peace conference.
DO BETTER"
THE.
Jewelry
i
J THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1918.
THREE
V
BASEBALL WILL
M
OTADT III 01 II
01 MR I M OUi
NER
STATES JOHNSON
' H. ITollingsworth when arraigned le
' fore Justice DeSouza this morning. He
said further that he had wired to St.
' Louis for his brother, Bert, to come
, at once and to take charge of funeral
, arrangements. When the judge told
him that he would be granted a pre
'liminary hearing on Friday Ilollings
; worth begged that the hearing be set
' for Thursday, saying that the funeral
would take place on Friday and that
he was confident that when the facts
I of the case were told at the hearing,
he would be found not guilty and set
000,000. The naval expenditures In- disbursements. Actual developments ! unnecessary Issues which could be 1 United States credit in France of j ing nearly $1fi.oo0.oiM.oou uf lif in-
: i
' '1 T- ( 1
Asserts I hat rug Leagues i Hoiiingsworth
. . , I free to attend the funeral, an Innocent
American League President man. He failed to furnish bond which
I is set in the sum of 115.000.
i i Hnllinz sworth was flrrpRtwl Inst
( ! tliirKt . . 1 1 . 11 ' i ". if ft nfkmtiAp'u tnnnaal !A
Will Have Sanction Or INa-j which a nurse, Mrs. U J. Horton. testl-
s . j fied to the brutal treatment which she
bona! Government j alleged was accorded Mrs, Ellen Hol-
ilingsworth by her son.
Mrs L. J. Horton testified at the
(By Review leased Wire) I coroner inquest yesterday that dur-
CHICAGO, Dec. i. The positive an-1 ing the 13 days in w hich she acted as
nouncement that professional baseball nurse to Mrs. Holllngsworth, the son
would be resumed in the niaior brutally mistreated his mother, fore
leagues next summer, with govern-! ing her to swallow large doses of mor-
ment sanetkm, was made by Presi- j phine, choking her, keeping her tied $27,718,000,000
dent Ban Johnson or the American to me ueu ai uikiu, gagging ner wnen
league tonighL she begged him to let her get up and
President Johnsdn's announcement making her go without her supper.
was made after he had received a let- saying that she was mean and a devil
eluded the construction or new ves
sels, machinery, armanent. equipment
and improvements at navy yards. To
tal ordinary disbursements for the
year amounted to $8,966,000,000 and
ordinary receipts, excluding money
received from Liberty loans .amounted
to H.174,000.000. Loans to allies dur
ing the year amounted to $4,739,000,
ooo additional.
Looking forward. Secretary McAdoo
found great difficulty in forecasting
expenditures for the current fiscal
year which ends next June 30 ,on ac
count of the sudden coming of peace.
Estimates which he presented are
based on calculations of each depart
ment in advance of revisions since the
signing of the armistice and he does
not consider them reliable. With this
explanation Mr. McAdoo forecast ex
penditures for this year at $20,687.
000,000 for government purposes and
$4,375,000,000 for loans to allies and
$2,540,000,000 for redemption of out
standing certificates and other debt
cancellation. Total estimated dis
bursements for the year were put at
are expected to change these calcula
tions greatly.
The United States' public debt last
June 30 was S12.3!i,O00.0Oil, without
taking Into consideration the $1,31!!,
000.000 free balance in the treasury to
partially offset the debt. The public
debt hus been increased since then
by the fourth Liberty loan of nearly
$7.0O,nOO.OK and by treasury certifi
vates of indebtedness amounting t
several hundred million dollars.
j.noj) for army purchases. Great surance in force.
The report discloses that Lifceriv
loan conversion hve besi M-jdo u
Turning to the enormous task of f(jIi,)Ws. Firsl f,jbertv ic..:, :; j - p;,r
collecting $:5.6!M.ttl9.nuo in taxes dur-, rPnt bonds exchanged for 4 per cent
ing the last riscal year, or more than I bonds, $56V:-.0'!': tirst Libert !oan
four times the record collection of the j s 1.;..g a,.(, 4. ex,.nan)e(j Ior 4 j 4 s
year previous, the secretary empha-1 $,. s;)9 ll0. SH(oml i.imrtv in., 4-
in the neai- future," he said, "it will ! sized that this had been accomplished exchanged for 4 1-4 s, $1.541.iiijl.oiHi.
not be physically possible for the I largely through the co-operation of; This, indicates that most bond' buyers
treasury to frame the necessary regit-j business interests and individual tax!nave faii,,,j to j-e advantage of the
lations and to print and distribute the j payers. itieasury's offer to convert past issues
i i
postponed was an important contrilm-; $i31
' tion to the conservation of the nation's 1 Britain established similar credits of
resource." 1 S115.63:!.0"0 and Italy J5.2S4.000.
Mr. MeAdoo took the occasion to
emphasize again the importance of
hastening enactment of the revenue
bill now pending in congress.
"Unless the measure becomes a law
ter frcm General March, chief of staff 1 and threatening to choke or beat her
of the army, who advised that the war
department, under present conditions,
could see not reason why the game
should not be resumed.
"The war department closed us
down last September, by .declaring
baseball non-essential and it was only
to death
That Mrs. Hoiiingsworth often ex
pressed intense fear of her son wad
stated by the nurse, who said that
when she arrived at the Hoiiings
worth home in the mornings, she often
found the woman tied to the bed, and
that when she had loosed the fetters
The report disclosed for the first ' necessary mini in-niie. i.ik if-mruai Dming. the fiscal year ijis," said i into bonds bearing a higher rate
time the activities of the treasury's
sinking fund to buy up Liberty bondn
in an effort to keep their price from
falling far below par. Up to Novem
ber 1, it is shown. $244.o:U,!iOO worth
of bonds, face value, had been pur-,
chased in the open market for $234.-1
310,000. or at an average prie of about
96 per cent, and subsequently held by
the treasury. Of this sum, $172,445,000;
were second Liberty loan bonds, of :
both 4 and 4 1-4 per cent issues; $70.-!
935.000 were third Liberty loan bonds, 1
and $65,000,000 were first Liberty loan l
converted bonds. i
and taxes will be due. The enforce-1 he report.1 -tue bureau of Internal rev-interest
merit of the law will necessarily be j t.Ue has been able to collect, the larg- vert.
imperilled. . , ! ,,st tax evf,r collected by any countrjr,
"The wisdom of such action is em-: an amount which represents a larger
phasized by every sou nil economic proportion of the nation's war budget
consideraiion and wise tax policy. It than jrny other belligerent engaged in
Is desirable and necessary from the the present war h;i been able to de
viewpoint of the treasury in condens- i frav from tax revenues."
ing the period of readjustment, and From would-be tax dodgs the rev-iat reasonuijle rates of interest, luj
irom tne viewpoint or laixtr anci inuus- enue Bureau now expected to collect : infuviputi njbl v saved the. farmers of
several hundred million dollars audi- j t1(. United
tne financial I tionul taxes. I
practices of the ear, including the Concerning the tremendous part
floating of short, term certificates of j played by the federal reserve system
indebtedness in advance of every Lib- during the war Secretary McAdoo had
try generally.'
Mr. McAdoo review
U is now tco l:ue tu cou-
Referring to federal farm loans
amounting to JllS.o2S.0o0 during the
year ending last September 3o, the
report "said: "The existence of this
system operated under government
I supervision, granting long-term loans
this to say:
"The federal reserve
system has
expenses at the rate of a little more
than a billion and a half dollars a
month to date, indicate is too high,
Mr. McAdoo calculated that the gov
ernment will receive about $5,000,000.-
oou Deiore tne ena o tne nscal year i
next June 30, from Income and prof
its taxes, $1,100,000,000 from other
taxes. $190,000,000 from customs and
$555,000,000 from miscellaneous
sources, including $70,000,000 from in
creased postage, making
Slates from many exar-
tioiis. foreclosures, and denial of fin
ancial accommodation. during this
period. The system has been a harbor
of refuge for the .borrowing farmer.
Through ita competition with other
loaning agencies it has reduced inter-
everywhere in the
has saved the farm-
without r ln large measure from those finan
cial troubles whv'h otherwise must
receipts from ordinary sources $6.846,-' ea W tne r,P" lnBl Bm e 118 orBan: '
000,000. In addition, he figured rough-! lzation last May n. R h8 examined
nearly zuuu applications irom prospec-
tive Issuers of securities, aggregating I
Drorjer that the department should be ,
consulted in regard to our plans for j and removed the gag of cotton which
re-oDenine." President Johnson said, had remained in the mother's mouth
'rnnu.nii:i f nut the entire situa- all night stifling her cries for help, i
nnri Marrh for hi an-! that Mrs. Hollingsworth -would kiss ly on a little more than $5,000,000,000
wroval - " her hand and beg her not to leave her Irom further issues of Llberr bonds j l"'e ,su"" "L81
General March's reply to the Amer- alone with her son again, repeating I and $1,200,000,000 from war savings. , about $2,350,000,000
lean league executive follows: over and over, "He beat me last night.
"I have your letter of November 30 ' I'm going to die if he keeps up this
concerning the resumption of baseball i terrible treatment. He's killing me."
next year, and would advise yon that j '
me war ucjkw uucw, uuuti ; T A rififl I? K rvTTrVT I? v
1111 niUV IVJLdlWLilW
under
conditions, sees no reason why the
game should not be resumed in accord
ance with the. usual Bchedule.
"It la our policy to muster cut of
cerrice as rapidly as possible all the.
mien now In the United States, w ho I
mmhor enmo 1 700 000 and we are re-N
' - . . ' I
ANNUAL REPORT
AS TREASURER
The renort also showed that the war : ertv loan to prevent the disturbing of
Against this estimate which actual finance corporation, up to October 31, 'the money market by the loans and to
had made loans amounting to $t.7,( 16,- obtain the money neeued uy tne treas-1 prrUljtted the enormous transactions ' st rates almost
000. of which $29,863,000 had been re- i ury in advance of loan receipts. He ! connHCted witn the financing of the '' United States and
paid, leaving auvances outstanding said tne war savings movement nan , war ta carried Uircugh
$37,852,000. -Most or tne loans, or b4,-1 resulted not only in garnering i" shock or disturbance and its services
739,000, went directly to war indus-! $S34.0OO,O00 for war purposes up t U ill not be less important to the gov- have beset him. It tas constituted
tries. Public utilities were the prin-; November 1, but it had helped to teach ernalpnt and the nation in facilitating I the greatest governmental agency Itr
cipal borrowers, wntle lumber com-; the American people tnrnt anu econ- tn readiustmeiit from a war basis to ' financing the basic industry of the
panies, coal operators, manuractur-, omy.
ers and stock raisers rank next in "This war-time experiment has been
number of applications. j so successful," he commented, "that
The magnitude of the work of the j it is hoped war savings certificates
eBtjmatp(j I capital issues committee was iudicat-: will become a continuing feature. if
tne nation s imancing even alter tne
restoration of peace."
The report explained at length that
a feature of the treasury's
distributing the $8,171,000,00 credits i a million checks every month to sol-! camps: the international hi&h comr.iis-
These figures added oj-eceints from "About 20 per cent of these appli-1 to allies during the year, has been to ; diers or their dependents for allot-. sion's success iu promoting uniformity
Liberty loan bonds alreudy sold make i cations were disapproved, said the 1 stabilize foreign exchange rates and j ments: allowances, disability compen-'of commercial regulations between
$14.16.8.000,000 the total of popular bor-j report, "and these were mostly of a ; bring the dollar nearer par in Euro
rowings expected during the year. On I character involving new extensions ; pean countries, but did not mention
this basis total estimated receipts which would not be contributory to ' the specific acts undertaken by the
would be $21,022,000,000 or $6,695,000,- the winning of the war. The preven-! treasury to accomplish this. In ex
i the readjustment from a
' . , . . . - . ! - ; , w) J ..... ... ik,r n ....... . "
a peace oasis ana to assist, anu iosier i-1"' ."... .j, 6.i.ui.uic.
i thereafter the development of agricul-1 The report also dealt with the treaj
' ture. industry and commerce under ury'a activities in licensing and s't
I normal peace conditions." j pel-vising the liquidation of enemy
Mr. McAdoo dealt at length with the surance companies operatng in the
accomplishments of the war risk in- i United States; the public heul'h serv
j surance bureau, which has built up Ice's tremendous accomplishments in
an oreanizat inn of 14 00(1 emulnves rnmhntt inc 1 h infliipn?i prtii!,mip nnrt
policy in necessary for the issuance of about ! maintaining, sanitary cond:tcns about
000
sation and insurance.
"It is certainly one of the greatest
business enterprises in the world," he
said, "and undoubtably the largest life
les sthan tentative estimates of j tion of approximately $450,000,000 of j change for credits. France gave the insurance concern on the globe, hav-jth
the United State? and Latin-Amer.can
countries, and the tasks imposed on
the customs service in connection
with the policing of barbors during
war.
(Continued from Page One)
turning from abroad for the purpose I ardship beforeretiring as the nation's
of discharge a number or men which
is only limited by the shipping at our
disposal. n
"Unless there are some changes in
finance minister. Throughout the re
port. Mr. McAdoo refers repeatedly to
the remarkable achievements of Amer
ica's civilian population in providing
the situation, which now seem impos-1 the money and materials for war, and j
sible, there is no reason known to us acting as the "eager second line of
why the great national game should ; defense."
not be continued as usual next year, j Commenting on the showing of fin
The wholesome effect of a cleau and ancial arrangements in great detail by
fconeit game like baseball is very j the document, treasury librarians re
marked and'its discontinuance would called that the financialhistory of the
be a great misfortune." J Civil war .is buried in a great stack
President Johnson understands that ! of musty ledgers, and probably never
the stars of baseball who joined the
service among them Tyrus Cobb,
pitcher Alexander, Benny Kauff,
"Hank" Gowdy, and others, will be
among the first to receive their dis
charge so they will be in a position to
Join their clubs at the spring training
camps. Cobb is a captain in a chem
ical division now in France
Definite plans for the resumption
of the game will begin at the annual
meetings of the major leagues this
month. The National league will hold
its sessions in New York on Decem
ber 19, and. the American league, in all
will be officially compiled.
For the .15 months ending last June
30 Secretary McAdoo estimated that
the actual cost of the war, with allow
ances for the government's ordinary
expenses In ordinary times, amounted
to $13,222,000,000. Nearly half of this,
or $6,499,000,000, went into perma
nent improvements, in the form Af
ships, shipyards, war vessels, army I
camps, buildings, and in loans to al-1
lies or to American war industries, j
Of the year's expenses 31.6 per cent !
came from taxation. j
The civil establishment of the gov-,
ernment during the year spent $1,507,-
wnVn 11 a-i 1 1 rt "invnn a in rhiratfl
uuauuivj , in ,wt nut -i,w j - j - .
two days later. i 000,000, while the war department
i spent J3,t.eu,uuti anu me navy ;
36S, 000.000. For support of the army I
atone the government paid out $4.412,-1
SON CHARGED WITH -SLAYING
OF MOTHER
That his daughter had eloped with
' a young Mexican and bad taken $700
belonging to him, is the story told the
I sheriffs office and the police depart
jment at Phoenix by a gypsy from
Globe.
PHOENIX, Ariz, Dec. 4. Confi
dence that "he . would be exonerated
completely Xrom the charge of mur-1 Congress will probably make Grand
dering his mother, was expressed by C. canyon of Arizona a national park.
U. S. PEACE DELEGATES MAY RESIDE IS j
. APARTMENTS ON PLACE DE LA CONCORDE;
i
.-I'M -3 h -.f
h r - 'V 'ivUv A i -v 5
ff
. , k , i
HM .-V- -St
2
(TV IT ffn F' M
I Tells a Story" . . JX 1 CD 1
II i l r 1 Wmsmm
3 vS4
1
OLDS and influenza leave thousands
with weak kidneys and aching backs.
The kidneys have to . do most of the
work of fighting off a cold or a contag
ious disease. They weaken slow up.
Then you feel dull and draggy, irritable
or nervous, and have headaches, dizzy
spells, lame, back, backache, sore joints
and irregular kidney action. Give the
kidneys quick help and avoid serious kid-
. ney troubles. Doan's Kidney Pills are
1 1 1 J J fL ! - 1 1 1 J .LL. 1 Tl
always in unusual uemana alter grip epiuemics, as so many peopie nave learneu tneii renaun-
i ity. Doan's are used the world over. They are recommended by your own friends and neighbors.
Read
II il
inese
oisfc
6
Cases:
View of Place de la Concorde in Paris, taken when King George and
1 . Queen Mary of England arrived for their Entente Cordiale visit
with President and Madame Poincare of France four years ago.
Late dispatches state that the American rlelejrates to the peac
conference and the members of their party may be quartered in build
Snfci on the Place de la Concorde in Paris during their stay. Apartment!
it her would bring: the American folk into one little colony and give then:
yiw ot, one of the lieauty spots of Parin.
D O. K. TRAIL
Otto Johnson, miner, Cl-D O. K. TraiU. Box No. 453,
says: "bout four months ago, I had a constant pain
across Hie small of my back and any heavy lifting was
almost Impossible. My kidneys wer;; weak an. I woulf".
have to get up often at night. -1 was bothered by dizzy
spells, too. 4 knew Doan's Kidney Pills were highly recom
mended, and by Bisbee people, so 1 decided to try them.
1 bought Dodh's at the Central Pharmacy and two boxes
cured me of all the trouble."
YOUNGBLOOD HILL
Mrs: J, V. Mitchell. 39 Youngblood Hill, says: "Down's
, Kidney Pills are an old, reliable remedy and we are seldom
without them in the home. Occasionally when I take
cold, it settles on my kidneys and my back begins to
bother me. When I bend over, fharp pains catch me in
my back. I am also bothered by dizziness at such times
and usually feel languid and tired. I aiways use Doun's
when I am that way and they quickly remove the rouble
and I can again go about my housework feeling fine."
OPERA DRIVE
Mrs. Sallie Haigler. 209 Opera Drive, says: "I keep
Doan's Kidney Pills on hand. At times when I take
cold, it settles on my kidneys or when I do too much
heavy bousawork, I have a spell with my back. When I
am that af, dizzy, nervous spells come over' me and many
times spots stem to float before my eyes. T.'iese attacks
make me feel all run down and miserable. I have use4
Doan's Kidney Pills and I have never seen them fail to
quickly remove those symptoms and make me feel like a
different woman In a short time."
TANK HILL
Amos Shreve, 19 Tank Hill, says: ".My" kidneys weren't
acting regularly nnd that annoyed me very r:;:ic!i. There
was a dull ache in my back over my kidaeys and It seemed
as though It would never let up. My back, was as sore as
a boll. Vhen I bent over or tried to lift anything, sharp
pains would catch me. Doan's Kidney Pills soon relieved
the pains ln my back and after I had used them a while, I
was cured of all the trouble.
CHIHUAHUA HILL
W. W. Gristy, retired miner. Chihuahua Hill, says:
"When a man gets to-be 72 years old he is apt to h,ive
some trouble w-ith his kidneys. Several years ago ray
kidneys got out of order and the muscles of my back
became lame and weak and hurt me every, time I beut
over. My kidneys became weak and inactive and the
kidney secretions were hiphly colcrcd. 1 felt pretty muJi
run down when I began taking IKiau's Kidney Pills, but
two boxes fixed mo up in good s'ape. Since then Doan,'s
have kept my kidneys well and my back strong."
BREWERY GULCH
Mrs. Philip Andreas. Box No. 81. Brewery Gulch, says:
"I have used Doan's Kidney Pills off and on for several
years and they have always given me good sa Traction.
Whenever I take cold and it settles on my kidneys, my
back begnis to ache so that I can hardly do my housework.
I will have dizzy, nervous (.pells come on and spots seem
to float bf'ore my eyes. 1 surely feel miserable when I
get these attacks, but I merely have to u.e Doan's Kidney
Pills and they quickly remove every symptom of the
trouble. I can then do my work and 1 feel fine."
Ki
Every Druggist has Doan's, 60c a box. Foster-fflilburn Co., Manufacturing Chemists, Buffalo, N. Y. FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1918.
Jlir Sfebec Daily S?u??ai
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEX A. CAIX. Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
it or not otherwise credited to this paper, and also, the
local news published therein
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches here
in are also reserved.
Entered at Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
PER MONTH : $ .76
THREE MOXTHS 2.25
SIX MOXTHS 4.00
TWELVE MOXTHS k i. 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 1 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter .75
No Subscription Tak"n for Lest Than 75 Cents
It wai bad enough for President Wil
son to go to Europe, but to take George
Creel along!!??!!
This column began to waver in its wor
ship of Arizona fall and early winter cli
mate, along about Thanksgiving time, but
this week of sunshine and balmy air atones
for all of that recent spell of raw and nasty
weather.
"Good morning, Mr. Sugar Bowl, glad
to welcome you back to the table. Mighty
glad ! " One never misses the water 'til the
well runs dry. In the good old days we
used to sit down to meat and murmur at
the cost of eggs and butter and beef, never
once giving a thankful thought or an ap
preciative word to the faithful old sugar
bowl standing bravely at our right hand.
Then came the relentless hand of Hoover
and took it away. Bing! We found we
missed it more than the eggs, butter and
beef all combined. How we sighed and
mourned for it. How the housewife
wrung her hands in despair as she tried
to cater to the family without sugar. Only
a pound per head a month ! Only a lump a
day. Only a spoonful. Heaven, how we
did miss the sugar. And now the old bowl
is back at the old stand with the old sweet
smile. Thrice welcome, Mr. Sugar Bowl,
may you never leave us again in our sour
sadness and unsweetened sorrow.
Public sentiment tof all the allied na
tions, as reflected from newspaper com
ment, seems to be unanimous that the ex
kaiser of Germany should be demanded of
Holland and brought to trial to answer for
his horrible crimes, he and his house and his
lieutenants and agents. In fact,, there is
arising a strong feeling against Holland
and her pro-German government for har
boring this arch criminal of the modern
world. , That the kaiser and a great many
of his chief henchmen will be brought to
trial and severely punished if not hung out
of hand, there is but little doubt. Even
preachers demand it from the pulpit. There
is evidence enough against this Prussian
tribe to hang them a thousand times over.
Victory and peace will be all in vain if this
outfit are allowed to live at ease in a Hol
land haven and plot on against the peace
and safety of the world. Any shepherd .
worthy of the name and trust hunts the
wolves from the hills. He is not satisfied
with merely keeping them from the fold.
It would be weak and cowardly, and not
merciful, for the allies to leave Wilhelm
unpunished in Holland. Trust Lloyd
George and Clemenceau the Tiger, to
drag this lion that has become a rat from ,
his hole and make him drink the dregs from
that terrible cup he has held to the lips of
the world for four long year3.
Just as was feared all along by thought
ful men,' the German people, still unrepent
ant and far from chastened, now claim
that, while their leaders were defeated and
their government's aims overthrown, yet
their army was unbeaten by . the efforts of
the world in the great war. Their news
papers are now pointing to this fact with
considerable pride and much national ego
ism. Unbeaten indeed. How about the
third battlo-of Cambrai? English troops,
supported by American and French divis
ions, gained revenge in this struggle for
all that they had suffered during the war.
In a fair standup- battle of fourteen days
with numbers about equal, the allies
mauled the flower of the-German armies
into a manglel mass and forced them back
cut of the most formidable intrenchments
ever constructed in this world; forced them
back fifteen miles, taking many thousands
of prisoners and carpeting the ground with
their dead, and then pushed on and re
sumed the battle and drove them back yet
again. How about the battle of Roulers,
when the Belgians and British crumpled
the German forces in a terrible offensive
and drove the wedge that won Belgium
back m a month. How about thfT blow
General Mangin delivered with his Poilu,
north of Soissons, that battered the Crown
Prince's forces into pulp and finally cast
them the Chemin des Dames and Laon ?
How about our own implacable battling
.of a month against the best that Germany
could offer and which resulted in a second
Sedan for the Prussan powers? And how
long did Germany last "against the world"
after her allies fell? Hardly a month.
Even in the beginning,'' when she was at
her full Strength and the allies were not,
she was checked and turned back at the
Marne and held at Verdun. It is true that
she beat Belgium and Russia and Serbia
and Rumania, but against French and Eng
lish armies she did nothing to boast of at
any time and when she cried "enough,
her troops were reeling back, beaten and
broken all along the line, and the dough
boys, man for man, matched the best of the
Prussian guard and drove them back, in
every encounter from Chateau Thierry to
Sedan. If the German people, now or at
any time hereafter, can gain any shred
of comfort from a close study of the vic
tories and defeats on the western 'front
in the great war, by all means let them do
so. Beyond the fact that their troops fought
bravely, but were out-fought by the allies,
there is little they can gain.
THE NEXT LEGISLATURE
(From Tucson Citizen.)
While the next legislature will be politi
cally one-sided, the majority of the mem
bers are substantial business or professional
men and it is the general opinion that Ari
zona may expect the lawmakers to remedy
some of the most important defects in the
statutes and go home.
Indications are that A. A. Johns will be
president of the Senate, although Mulford
Winsor is making a big fight for the job.
D. H. Claridge, president of the last Sen
ate, who is a candidate for re-election, will
probably retire from the race, as W.W.
Lines, the Graham county representative
in the House is slated for speaker. Both
Lines and W. W. Pace withdrew from the
race for senator to let Claridge run, after
the superior court had decided that there
would be no election for tax commissioner.
Claridge was a candidate for the nomina
tion.
The primary measure is always the ap
propriation bill, which is usually not whip
ped into shape until the last few days of the
session. It is to be hoped that the legislature
will get busy on appropriations earlier this
year and use the paring knife. There are
a number of offices which can be elimin
ated and a democratic legislature should
not be averse to doing the job, as they will
be occupied by republicans for two years.
'We are not in favor of junketing trips,
but all state institutions should be investi
gated by a special committee and the con
dition of all funds ascertained preparing to
adopt a budget system. The people of Ari
zona will never get down to a business
basis until they have a budget system for
state affairs. ' There are too many wide
open appropriations, and consequently,
too many leaks in the treasury. Arizona
needs a good watch dog and we hope the
present legislature will develop one.
. The primary and election laws are a
jumble and steps should be taken ' to
amend them and give Arizona decent elec
tion laws. The present provision for a
recount is monstrous and the system by
which republicans are tempted to register
as democrats at the primary is an unfair
one and does not give a real expression of
the sentiments of the voters of any party.
Ample appropriations should be made ,
for the building of roads and for the sup
port of fhe schools. Arizona has more to
gain by good roads than any other state
in the union. The legislature always makes
liberal provisions for the University of Ari
zona, the state's highest institution of learn
ing and the normal schoota. If possible
some means for taking these institutions
out of politics should be found. In general,
the whole educational system should be
revamped in accordance with the recom
mendations of the United States depart
ment of education,' which found the Ari
'zona system to be obsolete.
The Arizona legislature which convenes
in January will have an opportunity to
make a name for itself. Following as it
does the conclusion of a great wqr in which
America played such a prominent part, it
can add greatly to the piosperity of the
state and build soundly for the future by
passing some intelligent and progressive
reconstruction measures.
HOLD-UP MEN ARE
ALL TRAILED INTO
UMITSOF DOUGLAS
EVIDENCES OF MOVEMENTS OF
MEN WERE FOUND ALL ALONG
"TRAIL FOLLOWED BY THE OF
F1CERS; KILLED AND ATE RAW
CHICKEN
DOUGLAS. Ariz., Dec. 4 Three of
of the bandits who Monday killed
Customs Collector ICarlos Caturegli
of Agua Prieta and two other officials
and wounded a fourth and robbej
thorn of $125,(XiO were trailed into
Douglas this morning.
Gen. P. Elias Calles, governor of
Scnora, arrived this morning from
Hermn'dUo to Investigate the robbery
and raised the reward for the appre
hension of the murderers from $5000
to $15,000. ,
These were today's most Important
dexelopraents In the hunt for the five
men whom Mexican and American
officers, led by Sheriff Guy Welch,
have been pursuing since Monday aft
ernoon, assisted by professional trail
crs from Agua Prieta.
The trail has been a zig-zag route
leading thi3 way. It may have been
that the outlaws were figuring on fool
ing their pursuers, but it is more like
ly they were undecided themselves as
to which way to po at times. Four
teen niile3 from the starting point
the men separated, then came to
gether again. They were careful to
avoid farm houses. Not far beyond
they separated again, three heading
for Douglas and two eastward, going
few miles and then, turned into
Douglas.
Still Carrying Money.
The trail was easily followed ail the
way. At times tags irom tue money
bags were found. At other times the
placa where the bags had beea lail
on the ground while the men were
resting could be plainly seen. Th?
fugitives never stopped to eat. They
may have arrived here late Monday
night. The trait nere is said to have
been lost on A avenue. In following
the route yesterday, 14 fences had to
be cut to allow the autcs of the offi-
ers through. The fugitives made
he-r big gain when the oi'i'ers had to
drop their pursuit Monday night on
ccount of the darkness. This gave
the murderers a stvrt of Id to 20
curs.
The police ara said to have several
good clews to work ou today, but
do not want to make tin in public.
Presideute Municipal Tato of Agua
Prieta is in constant touch with the
local officers.
Sheriff Guy Welch and posse are
following the trail of the two men
ho kept walking east.
May Be Americans.
There are many theories as to what
the plans of the murderers may be.
The three nip who came to town may
ave obtained an auto for making a
getaway and may have picked up the
other two. With a reward of fla.Odf)
hanging over their heads, or $3000
for each man, the chances of running
them down seems good. It is gen
erally believed that there were two
or three Americans in the gang. I;
has also been discovered that the
five men camped two days in Ana
vacachi pass in order to ambush the
customs men.
1 Vidrio Recovering.
Emilio Vidrio, the man who was
f hot under the eye when the cusfc.n.i
party was attacked but escaped aluo
is reported t$ be recovering in the
United States army hospital in Xucu,
Ariz. It was feared at first he would
die.
Mexican Consul Arredondo last
night received a telegram from Al
fredo Caturegli, Mexican fiscal agent
in New York city, a brother of the
murdered custom collector, asking for
full details about the matter.
Capt. Harry Wheeler, one of the
best known man hunters in the south
west and former sheriff of this county,
arrived in Douglas this afternoon to
join in the man hunt.
GERMAN PRISONERS, MANY OF TIIEM BOYS, THANKFUL FOR PEACE;
HAPPY AT THE THOUGHT OF GOING HOME TO KAISERLESS GERMANY
One group of German prisoners in prison camp ia France when war ended.
The armies of German prisoners
in the prison stockades in France
were just as happy over the signing-
of the armistice as were the
German soldiers still forced to
fight under the whip of the war
leaders. The German prisoners,
well fed and restored to Rood
physical condition, were joyous in
the thoujrht that they soon could
(TO home to Germany a Germany
freed of the rule of the kaiser and
his crew. The most strikinjr part
of the above photo and other pic
tures of German prisoners is tho
number of hoys captured. Theso
boys were forced to tight in tho
front lines.
hadj wives of Secretary longing. Ambas
sador Davis ana the French and Ital
ian envoys, are members of tlio
George Washington's company.
tion Thursday night, as he
p.anned, because of illness in his
family.
C. K. Curtis. tVn:: and director of
Iowa Sta;e'coile;e, v.as e'rctej presi-
G. Howard Dari.-on of Milldrnok. N. Y. "-ivK, 1 fl Ail 500U
u. . IJunphy. Lansin. Miih., was;
elected president of l'.:c United Stales
p-
man of good habits. He was well
known in the Globe-Miami district.
Livestoik Sanitary association.
I
TROOPS ARRIVE
FROM ENGLAND
wt
PRESIDENT AND
PARTY LEAVE TCR
(Continued from Page One)
Globe: A. C. Bean, proprietor ot a
Deming grocery store and father of
Arthur Roan nna nt t ka k
w:ig killed near the Black riTer
bridge last October,- came np from
Deming last night. Mr. Bean expect
ed court to convene here today and
wanted to attend the hearing of M. B.
King, the aged man who is alleged to
have murdered the boys. As court haa
train for Camp Mills and the cheerlne been continued to January . 1919. Mr.
PEACE CONFERENCE, of ,he soldiers broke out afresh. j Hean will return to Deming,tha niorn-
f?creiary ot war t.aker, who had ,us-
come to New York to witness the I
president's departure, visited the Lap
land as the troops were being do-
barked and spent two honrs chatting i
with the men.
The British ensign over the stern
of the Minnekahda was fiying at half
Tucson: Wno murdered Lee Kwon,
a Chinese merchant of 18 South Mey
er street, nearly a month ago. will be
told, officials hope, by the finger
prints left by the murderer at the
scene of the crime. The finger prints
TEXAS BRED CATTLE
TAKE NATIONAL EVENT
Hy npvlvw Leased Wirn)
CHICAGO. 111., Ic. 4. Texas bred
cattle provided one of the surprises
of tbe International Livestcik exposi
tion today when a load of common
commercial Hereford1, ciptiN-o-l the
grand championship of carload lots.
The cattle were the property of J. W.
Frazier of Karitan, 111.
A load of Angus entered by K. P.
Hull, victor in the contest last year,
finished sevond.
In the horse exhibition, "Quanton,"
entered by Deirhester iarm, tdi;e
mont. Pa., was declared the ihampion
American-bred Peruherou stallion.
The senior and grand Percheron stal
lion blue ribbon was won by "Mit
ral:o," owned by J. O. Singmuster &
Son, Keola, la. ".Mignon," also owned
by the Singniasters, is the new re
serve senior champion Percheron stal
lion. Among the milking Shorthorn cat
tle. J. K. and C. B. Eado of Orange
ville. Ohio, captured the champion
senior blue ribbon with "huinston
Duke,"' which also was named grand
champion bull.
In the breeding Aberdeen-Angus
class, "Kvenst of Bleaton." entered by
Clarence W. Kcklmrit of New York
cit;. is llic.new senior champion bull.
.1... L 1 I i. .i.
"itepealer, ji. owned by O. Harris
t-'ons. Hams. Mo.. Is the uow grand
fhMnpion hull, any aue. "Kipeator
! ll'!)tH," owned bv tiiu same people.
was named junior champion bull. j
j A telegram received from William
! (i. McAdon, secretary of the treasury,
i aniiniinci d thnt he would he mint,!"
'to deliver an addicss at the exposl-'
(Continued from Page One)
ably to the capitals, of Great Uritain,
Belgium and Italy.
Distinguished Passenger List.
The liner's passenger list contains
a group of prominent names, rrobablv
without parallel for any sin.ile voy- mast ln tribute t-j Walter L. Hart of bare been sent to Washington. D. C
age in the annaU of shipping. With Malakolf, Tex., a member of the 19th for development and word is expect
the president are two ot his fellow construction company, who died of ed soon of the results of the work,
delegates to the pjuce conference ! pneffrnonia during the voyage. Lieut. ' A. R. Gonzales is the only prisoner be
Secretary of State Robert Lansing ) -Vcllwee of Denver died of pneumonia ' fng held in connection with the InTes
and Henry White, former ambassador J on board the Lapland as that trans- jtigation- of the murder, but there are
to France and Italy, who will Join I Prt was crossing the Atlantic. j several others under surveillauce. The
Col. E. M. House and Gen. Tasker H. i prints of the murderer's fingers on
Bliss, already in Europe. Guests ofjMETX HAPPY TO AGAIN the wall and other places at the scene
the chief executive, included he BE UNDER FRENCH RULE,of the criul said to be perfect.
French and Italian ambassadors; Jchn j :
dor to Great Britain; naval and raili-1
tary
variu
i
PARIS. Dec. 4. (By the Associated Phoenix: W it h both a governor and
; Press). The new ly appointed mayor i soveruor-elect it, attendance Arizona
jr authorities, representatives cf of Vetz has ,33ued a procIanmioni will be well represented at the eighth
ious government departments, and , txpressing his delieht at being again , annual conference of governors,
.aff of special!-ts to advise the under the French flag, after so manv whirh wm be hel Annapolis. Md.,
a s
American peace commission on prob
lems of political, economic, traJe and
racial characteristics of nations af
fected by the war.
Mrs. Wilson, together with the
HEADS BRAZILIAN
PEACE DELEGATION
'rJ 1
: US W 1
. . .jT "": , :.: ,
M 1 . -SrN
V--. ... - . ,.
1
years of oppression and after a fou w'ner 15-18. Gov. George W. P.
years' reign of terror. ' Hunt sted today that he expects to
"Let us not be carried away by joy. I allena lne conference. Gov.-elect
but remain worthy of the regard of
the whole world, which is regarding
us. the proclamation sau.
Thomas E. Campbell also stated today
tnai ne expects to attend the confer
ence. It is expected that the fourth
Addressing the German-born in- gisiaiure. wn"n ft meets In January,
habitants, the proclamation grants j !" ""c6 "me recommendations as
them the fullest protection of their'" '"ul1 UI lu- canrerence or goTer-
rights if they observe the regulations'.
but w-arns against any attempt to stir
up trouble or excite the popHlation
About the State
Prescott: The war camp commun
ity service is shortly to open a down
town club room and recreation hnU,
i in Prescott. for the enlisted men at
; Ft. Whipple. The Episcopal parish
. house, w hich has been practically un
j osed for several months, will be util
j teed lor the pt&pnse.
nors. The coming session is emected
to be one of the most important that
the governors hate held. Gov. "Wil
liam Spry of Utah, is chairman of the
conference.
Holhrook: Of the many companies
organized to drill hear nere tor Cil,
two now are active. They are the Ad
amana and Hopi. The drills of both
are in extremely hard formation, in
which only slow progress can be made.
A number cf other corporations have
received rigs aud promise activity in
the near futute.
Tucson: S. W". Higdcn of A'oa!e
charged with assisting his nephew.
Gilbert Burgess. In an attempt to
jevade the draft, was sentenced by
Judge Jsawtelle of the U. S. district
i court yesterday to serve six months
In the Yavapai county Jail. Burgess
was recently discharged. The court
sentenced August Marchetti to six
months for failure to register; Donald
Mason, slacker, whb given 30 davs in
the Pima jail;. E. A. Cixike. slacker,
, was given 2t) days in the Pima jail;
Lucas Rodriguez, slacker, was given
five days in h Pima jail.
Phoenix: The state corporation com
mission has extended the time within
which the Phoenix Street Railway
company must resume operations on
the Grand avenue line from December
15, the date fixed in its order, to Jan.
nnry 15. Last weelr the commlsison
denied the company's request for a
rehearing, and objection was made to
tho order on technical grounds. It was
'ontnded. among other things, that
the denyinat motion had been signed
by Commissioner Betts. though with'
the consent of the other commission
ers, without their physical presence.
In order to obviate, any consequences
of this objection, the commlsison ra
cat"d thit oider and entered another
denying thb rnnion for a rehearing
and extending tho time to January 13
j for the completion and resumption of
operating ot tne line.
! !
Domicio da Gama
Domicio da (Jama, foreic-n minis
ter of Brazil, heads the ' Brizilian
Jicace delegation which has already
eft for Paris. Da Gama for some
rears was Brazilian ambassador at
jYaahington.
G'obe: Earl Neuineyer w:is instantly
killed at the Inspiration mine Sunday
afternoon at 3 : 30 o'clock, when seven
ore cars broke loose from the cable
on the .".ml foot level ami dropped a
distance of Sun feet to the fi"t foot
level. .Neuineyer wa standing on
the tii 1.0 foot level when the cars
i crasned down tho incline ami lie was
buried beneath the wreckage. Neu
mcyer's body was badly mangled, one
leg being completely severed. Deaih
was instantaneous. Judge Mi-Each-ten
wiil hold an inquest over the re
; maii:s this morning The deceased
was a'ouut oS years old aud was a
Phoenix: The Arizona Gas A Elec
tric company operating at Xogales
was authorised by the corporation
commission to issue notes aggregat
ing $150,000. bearing 3 per cent in
terest and to be sold at not less than
97 1-2. The obJ ct of the Issue is to
take up a floating Indebtedness con
sisting of short term notes and open
hook accounts resulting from pur
chase and construction. The value of
the company's plant has been fixed at
$435,417.12. Four years ago the com
mission . authorized the International
Gas company, the name by which the
present company was then known to
issue preferred stock in the amount
of $100,000. and $2'H,O0l In 20 year S
per cent bonds. These bonds had not
been sold, and a year ago the com
pany under Us new name was permit
ted to issue bonds to take them up. It
w.iS' found by the commission that, the
property of tho e-ompany was ample
security for the indebtedness authorized.
Lying behind a box in a vacant lot
in Nogales the dead body of Sgt. Wil
liam J. White of Company F. 25th in
fantry, was found by J Velasco. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 5, 19l6.
FIVE
RAILROADS
H
PROPERTY
TO BE
RETURNED SOON
Executives of More Than 90
per Cent of Mileage in Na
tion Adopt Resolution Re
questing Transfer
today by the war department In
cludes: At unknown camp: Joe McCarthy,
Tucson. Ariz.
Information also was received as to
Sgt. James D. Calleger. No. 1916 Ban
Jacinto street, Dallas, Tex. He fs in
the hospital at Metz with shot wound
in left eye and upper thigh.
By Review Leased Wire)
N'EWi YORK. Deo. 4. Executives
of railroads, comprising more than
90 per cent of the rail mileage of the
country, in conference today, adopt
ed a resolution favoring a return of
the roads to private ownership and
expressing the hope that the remain
ing period of federal control would
be such as to leave the properties In
the highest state of efficiency.
Government ownership and opera
tion of railroads was characterized as
"not conducive to the highest econ
omic efficiency of the country," and
it was suggested that "private in
itiative, enterprise and responsibility
WILHELM NOT
INCLINED TO
INTERVIEWS
jswulnued from Page One)
Metz, brought the message direct from
William Hohenzollern, who last even
ing was inclined to make a public
declaration but today changed his
mind. The message continued:
"You must fully realize my position.
I am threatened on all sides with
criminal charges, which, if brought, I
must face. Therefore I must reserve
any statement until charges, are act
ually brought.
"Also, I owe a certain loyalty to the
present German government and can
not make a declaration which might
compromise others."
The correspondent requested the
general to ask the former emperor
whether he would confirm the crown
prince's assertion regarding the Kru
ger telegram and the general brought
back the answer:
"The crown prince is absolutely cor
rect in his facts. The telegram, al
JUST TALKING OVER THE WAR
in rrantfnn eTrnsEnn ImnrfiVfrnpnt
and operation, should, as a matter of ! ready written, was laid before me for
national policy,
served."
The meeting.
be fostered and pre-
which was called by
signature.
'I refused to sign it for three days
but finally did so under pressure of
T. de Witt Cuyler, chairman of the ; the German diplomats and my political
Railway Executives' Advisory commit
tee, also voted that "assurance be
given to the director general of rail
roads and his associates of our earn
est desire to co-operate with them in
the performance of their important
and difficult trust and in the adop-
advisers, who advocated many reas
ons for sending the dispatch. Of
course, having" signed it, I take full re
sponsibility." The former emperor and empress
are leading a very quiet life. Their
table is of the simplest; in fact, they
tion of plans for the return of these ' have submitted to regulations requir-
properties to private management and I ing them to be rationed for bread and
operation, which plans shall be just, I butter and other edibles just as the
alike to the public, to the owners of j ordinary country folk. Occasionally
the properties and to the employes , they walk in the neighboring woods,
but recent days have been so wet that
it has been almost impossible for
them to go out except for a carriage
drive.
engaged thereon.
It was announced thaj meetings
would be held soon to work out plans
and propose legislation for the re
turn of the railroads to the individual
companies.
'This shows the railroad companies
want a readjustment of conditions,"
said Mr. Cuyler after the meeting.
"They do not wish or expect to escape
BOLSHEVIKI START CAMPAIGN
BERLIN, Tuesday, Dec. 3. (By the
Associated Pres3.) Dr. Karl Lieb
knecht and his followers of the Spar-
tacus group of socialists are carrying
,? Kw
f ! si ri 3.
' ? u, .i x:
.- - v., V
V? ' v
L - - v , , & -T
r 1 ' - vVX : J-i
I - j ' r -si U -t I ji'11
QUAK
DAMAGES
E
CHILEAN CITIES
TO LARGE EXTENT
Northern Part of Country De
vastated in Isolated Sections
While Several Towns Are
Damaged
(Rv Review leased Wire)
SANTIAGO. Chile. Dec. 4. An
earthquake has occurred In northern
Chile. In the towns of Copiapo and
Vallenar, important damage was
caused. In other localities damage of
minor importance resulted. J
Reports received here, say that the
earthquake destroyed Vallenar and
that it wrecked 10 per cent of thej
buildings at Copiapo. Several deaths
occurred In Copiapo. where many are i
homeless. No reports of casualties
J have been received from Vallenar, or
outside northern Chile.
I Details concerning the earthquake j
I in the outlying districts are lacking.
owing to interrupted telegraphic com
munication. It is said the shock was ,
felt across the continent to the At-'
lantic.
(
adequate, responsible public regirla-Jon a vigorous campaign against Pre-
tions, but look forward to a relation
between rates, wages and dividends
which will stimulate business, ade
quately reward labor and attract the
volume of new capital needed for expansion."
IN GERMAN PRISON.
(Rv Review leased Wir)
WASHINGTON. Dec. 4. A list of
officers and enlisted men in German ! iution
prison camps, which was announced Germany must be opposed -as a capi-
mier Ebert and his colleagues, whom
the Spartacua socialists accuse of
having "induced the mortal enemy of
j the German revolution, namely, inter
national capitalism represented by
President Wilson, to make the deliv
ery of food conditional on the main
tenance of order."
' The bolshevik, organ, the Red Flag
says:
"This is treachery against the revo-
Any attempt to send food to
4
The second cup is1
tempiing after you
ave Tried -the
first and you may
drink as many as
you please "with
out narm.
I
V.
POSTIM
ill
Lord Balfour and Sir Douglas Haig. ,
' This interesting informal photo shows Lord Balfour, British diplomat;
and General Sir Douglas Haig, commander of the British army, at the con
clusion of a friendly talk in the library of Balfour's home. The poses arl
characteristic of both men. Haig's task is practically done. Balfour un
doubtedly will figure in the peace problems confronting England. I
Copiapo is the capital of the prov
ince of Atacama and has a population
of about 12.000. It is the principal
mining city and district of Chile and
is 50 miles inland from the port of
Caldera. Copiapo also is a mercan
tile center. It ships much silver, cop
per and ores. To the east of the towns
in the volcano of Copiapo which
reaches an elevation of 19.6S5 feet, j
Vallenar is. in the province of Ata-,
cania and is about 80 miles southwest j
of Copiapo. The population or Valle
nar is upwards of 6000.
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
WOOD
isbee Fuel and
ea company
Phone 121
Oi'nce Below Copper Queen Hotel
We have now to supply the one
emission in our war-machine brakes.
Boston Herald.
Jerome: Ore shipments from Verde
Squaw predicted by first of year.
talistic effort to beat bolshevik
aims."
The article demands the dismissal
of officers and the choosing by sol
diers of their leaders. It also demands
the immediate arming of the revolu
tionary workmen and the disarming of
other organizations.
The program includes the destruc- j
tion of capitalism, the annulment of
war loans and the socialization of all
business. j
The government declares Lieb- j
knecht has no followers outside Berlin j
and "only a few there. In interviews
with the correspondent today leading
men of Berlin showed pessimism over
the situation, taking the ground that
KIDNEYS WEAKENING? LOOK OUT!
Kidney and bladder trouble don't
disappear of themselves. They grow
upon you, slowly but steadily? under
mining your health with deadly cer
tainty, until you fall a victim to in
curable diseases.
Stop your troubles while there is
time. Don't wait until little pains be
come big aches. Don't trifle with di
sease. To avoid future suffering be-
the government was not displaying ! Haariein Gil Capsules now. Take
three or four every day until you feel
that you are entirely free from pain.
it
the vigor and courage needed.
The arguments of the optimist is
that the Germans are not Russians,
but they say that nothing can be safe
ly predicated on the knowledge of
German character before the war. The
spirit and pride of a great bulk of the
people are utterly gone, they contend,
and the situation is unfavorably af
fected by the belief that the food sup
plies in the cities will not avail until :
the new year and that crushing peace 1
terms will be imposed.
This well-known preparation has
been one of the national remedies of
Holland for centuries. In 1696 the
government of the Netherlands grant
ed a special, charter authorizing
preparation and sale.
The good housewife of Holland
would almost as soon be without food
as without her "Real Dutch Drops,"
as she quaintly calls GOLD MEDAL
Haarlem Oil Capsules. Their use re
stores strength and is responsible in a
great measure for the sturdy, robust
health of the Hollanders.
Do not delay. - Go to your druggist
and insist on his supplying you with a
box of GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil
Capsules. Take them as directed, and
if you are not satisfied with results
your druggist will gladly refund your
money. Look for the name GOLD
MEDAL on the box and accept no oth
er. In sealed boxes, three sizes.
The only CERTAIN way to insure financial
success and independence is to save part of what
you earn.
. A Bank Account here will care for your funds
conveniently and safely.
Have you one ?
Bank with us.
The Arizona Corporation Commission does not recommend the stocks,
bonds or ether securities offered for sale by this or any other company
STIMSON WILL RESIGN.
The Vl in-hea4 type engine illus
trated here, like all intnmil com6v
fi on enfns, requires an oil that
holds itt lubricating qr.-Iities at cyl
inder heat, burns clrin in the com
bustion chambers an foe out with
exhiust. Zerolen- fills thr require
ments perfectly, bcmur.e ittm correct'
ly refined from aWeciatf CaJtforrus -piaif-bae
crutfo
The Standard Oil for Motor Cars
It Keeps the Engine Young!
Zcrofene keeps the engine young full-powered, smooth
running, and economical in fuel and oil consumption
because it is correctly refined from selected California
asphalt-base crude. Gives better lubrication with less
carbon. Mae in several consistencies. Get cur Correct
Lubrication Chart covering your car.
At dealers everywhere and Standard Oil Service Stations.
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
(CalilsrnU)
(By Review Leased Wire)
CAMP METADE, Md.. Dec. 4 After
the soldiers of the 31st field artillery !
are mustered out Col. Henry L. Stim-1
son, its commander, who was secre- -
tary of war under President Taft, will
resign and return to his law offices
in New York. Colonel Stimson had 1
the distinction of commanding the bat-1
tery which fired the first shell from .
the national army into the lines of the '
boclie.
Buy Stock
IN THE
The kaiser's greatest needs rteht
now are an officiating clergyman and .
some paid-up-life-insuiante. Council
Bluffs Nonpareil. . . !
United States Oil
& Refining Co.
BARRETT
Ever-Lastic Roofing
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock.
Bisbee Lumber Co.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
r
SEES AUSTRIAN'S"
CARRY OUT TERMS
V -
J
J. J. SPARKS, Special Agent, Standard Oil Co., Bisbee, Ariz.
Rear Admiral Bullard.
Rear Admiral Bullard hns lxen ap
pointed American representative to
see to the carrying out of the naval
terms of the Austrian armistice.
Krom Pola, the jrrcat navul !ase in
the Adriatic, he has telegraphed Ad
miml Benson, American chief of
naval operations, that the execution
of the naval terms of the armiblke
lis proceeding satisfactorily.
And help put Arizona on the Map
as an OIL PRODUCER.
"THE TIME TO BUY IS AHEAD OF THE
DRILL."
It is not the lack of opportunity that cheats most
men out of financial independence, but a lack of cour
age to play their HUNCH.
This may be your opportunity. The demand today
is greater for oil than ever. We have it, we believe, in
commercial quantities.
Join us now and get your share of the profits.
The stock can be bought now for 20 cents per share,
it will not be long until it will be higher.
John D. Rockefeller says:
"Don't delay. Get in while you can. The unwise
man thinks a thing worthless or it would not be offered
to him.
I Agents:
J. O. TONKIN & L. R. CAULFIELD, Sasse's, Bisbee
COLLINS AND BRETHERTON, JackBldg., "
FRANK BRIGGS, Lowell
Review Want Ads Bring Results
WHY DO PEOPLE WISH?
To Simplify the Obtainment of Coveted
Things!
The fictitious power of Aladdin's marvel
ous lamp is daily duplicated in FACT by
those mighty, little ad-lets in The Review
Classified Columns!
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH GLASS CAFE
The best of everythina at rebjjonaMe a la carte price.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. A'o $1.00 dinner from
5:20 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
Henry Poppen, Manager.
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine,' Weber A Co.. Boston. Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
Cifv Dve works
PHONE 739
CLEANING
PRESSING
Opposite Y. W. C. A.
f
J SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1918.
COMMERCIAL CABLE
'ASKS INJUNCTION
UPON BURLESON
Claims That Unless Postmas
ter General Be Enjoined,
Company Will Sustain Irre
parable Damage
(F.y Review Iaswnl Wire)
NEW YORK, Dec. 4. Complaint in
an injunction, suit against Postmaster
general Burleson was filed by the
Commercial Cable company here to
day seeking to prevent the postmaster
general from assuming control of the
company's marine cable system. The
complaint alleles' that if the postmaster-general
is not enjoined from
carrying-out his purpose, the company
will sustain irreparable damage. It
was filed by Charles E. Hug'ies and
William V. Cook, as attorneys for
the company.
Soon after the complaint was filed,
it was announced at the offices of the
Commercial Cable company that Vice
President George G. Ward would re
fuse appointment as director of com
bined Western Tnion-Commercial
Cable service authorized today by the
postmaster general.
The main basis of the bill of com
plaint is that after the armistice was
signed the war power no longer op
erated, except to wind up matters al
ready in the hands of the govern
ment prior to its signing. To show
that the armistice really put an end
to the war in the meaning of the
joint resolution. :f congress taking
over the two systems the following
extracts from the president's address
on November 11 is quoted:
"The war thus comes to an end. for.
having accepted these terms of arm
istice, it will be impossible for the
Germans to renew it."
The complaint asserts that the gov
ernment is not sincere in its conten
tion that control of the cables is need
ed during the peace negotiations,
pointing out that in addition to the
Atlantic cables .the government also
took over the Pacific cables and those
to South and Centra: America and
Cuba.
It is claimed that the Atlantic
cables were being operated to their
fullest capacity and that the govern
ment was being given priority, and itj
is contended that no raster or greater I
serviie can be given under govern
ment control.
The complaint also raises the con
stitutionality of the congressional act
authorizing the seizure, and alleges
Ithat the seizure deprives that coni
jpuny of lis property wit'icut due ro
jcess of law; that it s not neies
jsary for'national security and defense,
and that the cables nere taken with
I out just compensation.
"Compensation will ho left." 'said
(the bill, "to the arbitrary caprice and
Ipiejudiced mind of the defendant, who
lis interested personalty and officially
'in giving an unfair anil unreasonably
jlow, insufficient and inadequate rom
'pensation, because the less he gives
tho complainant the more he keeps
I for the government to its profit at
J the complainunt's expense, and to the
i personal renown of the defendant."
It was also contended, "that the de
fendant proposes and intends to so
intermingle, unite, consolidate and
merge the complainant's business,
good will, staff, employes, plants and
equipments with that ot me s-aia
Western Union TiJegraph company
that the separate identity, business
and good will of the complainant will
will disappear, so that the complain
ant may be fcrcd or persuaded to
abandon competition hereafter, and
acquiesce in the defendant plan for
government ownership1 of the same, or
an amalgamation of all classes in the
Atlantic ocean."
lr U rliarsed that Mr. Burleson has
conferred with Theodore X. Vail, pres-
IlUtflll ill .iuici itoii . v s'"'"
I Telegraph compHny to work out a
I - t . - .4 ; 1 that
pian iur uunfidi on , am
this is a violation of the Sherman
anti-trust act.
BED
CROSS
PUN
iuim luitu
111!
N
ns
OUTLINED
ARGENTINE MOBILIZATION
SUBJECT OF DISCUSSION
iHy Review Ia.sed Wive)
BUENOS AIRES. Dec. 4. Con
siderable discussion has been
caused here by reports of Argen
tinean mobilization in the Andean
regions as a result of the con
' troversy between Chile and .Peru.
The government denies that mo
bilization has been ordered. High
army officers say that they have
as yet received no instructions,
but are ready to mobilize at a
moment's notice, if such action
becomes necessary. v
HENRY MAKES STATEMENT.
AMSTERDAM, Dec. 4. Prince
Henry of Prussia has addressed an
announcement to all the members of
the Pnufsian royal house, according
to the Kreuz Zeitung of Berlin, in
which he says:
"I am forced to recognize the' king's
abdication and will assist in the
policy for order and the constitutional
government. Hut on the other hand,
I consider myself personally attached
to my king to the end of my life and
shall do everything to preserve him
from harm and shall recoguide him
absolutely as the sole family head."
j tV.- Ttevirw Kenseil ,Wlr
1 WASHINGTON. Dec. 4. Future
' plans of the American Red Cross to
be devoted to peace-time relief work
not only in the United States but
throughout the world were outlined in
a statement tonight by Henry P. Dav
ison, chairman of the war council.
Mr. Davison, speaking to the 3S54
chapters and 22.000.000 members of
the mercy organization, said it is be
lieved there need be no further cam
paigns for funds. Instead the annual
Christmas roll call for members will
constitute the foundation of the Red
Cross.
"I am therefore able to speak with
knowledge and assurance in saying
that the benefieient work of the
American Red Cross is to go forward
on a great scale not alone, as here
tofore, for purposes of relief in war,
but as an agenojr of peace and per
manent human service," said Mr. Dav
ison's statement.
"Wherever our soldiers and pallors
may be, the Red Cross will stay with
them until they are demobilized. Noth
ing which we may do will be left un
done either for the men in the war
zone, for those returning, for those
in the camps and hospitals, or for
their families at home to whom will
continue to be devoted the ministra
tions of the Red Cross home service.
In this latter effort 50,000 trained Red
Cross1 workers are engaged at 2600
different places throughout the land.
"For the completion of its war work
and for the institution of its peace
program, the Red Cross is fortunately
in a hea!tV financial condition. What
the American Red Cross needs is not
so much contributions of money as
the continued devotions and loyalty of
its members. Annual membership in
volves the payment of only one dollar.
The moneys thus received not only
defray all the administrative expenses
of. the organization but leave a sub
stantial balance, which, together with
all funds subscribed directly for relief
are devoted solely to that purpose.
"The roll .call of the nation is thus
to be called at Christmas time, that
through enrollment in their Red Cross
the American people may send a mes
sage to our soldiers still overseas and
to thepeoples of the world that we
are not merely content with seeing
our arms united with our allies in vic
tory,, but that our abiding purpose is
that the love, the sympathy and the
intelligence of all America shall be
re-dedicated to the permanent service
of mankind."
pnnirru ipiiuirtp
APPEAL FDt AID'DEPOSED BY PEOPLE
PEACE BRINGS CALL
-FOR NOTED TRAINER
(Iv Review l-nrnl Wire)
SAX FRANCISCO. Dec. 4. A wire
less appeal for medical aid to check
a serious epidemic of influenza in
the Society islands, situated in the
South Pacific ocean nearly S000
miles from San Francisco, was received
her e tonight by the Associated Press
from its correspondent at Papeete,
capital of Tahiti, the principal island
of the group. The message said the
entire populations or Tahiti and
Moorea, the next largest island, had
j been stricken by a malignant form of
! inlluenza and that numerous deaths
had resulted.
I The natives of the dozen or more
I other islands of the group also are
believed to be similarly affected, the
merfsage added.
The supply of necessary medicines
is nearly exhausted, the message said.
The governor of the islands, which
are under French control, appeals
officially to the outsids world) for
help, and requests that a fast steam
er with doctors and medical supplies
be sent immediately to Papeete from
the nearest port.
Honolulu, 2000 miles distant, is the
nearest populous port from which aid
could come.
Retribution for the Germans may
take the form of supplying them with
American food at present prices.
Brooklyn Eagle.
The Arizona Corporation Commission does not recommend the stocks,
bonds or other securities offered for sale by this or any other company.
Home 0
Company
APPEAL TO M'ADOO.
(Rv Review leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. General
chairmen of . the Order of Railroad
Telegraphers will see Director Gen
eral McAdoo tomorrow in an effort
to secure adjustments of supplements
to the general order dealing with
rates of pay and working conditions
of agents, telegraphers, dispatchers,
tower and train directors, towermen
and line repairers.
A basic eight-hour day with time
and a half for overtime and double
pay for Sundays and holidays for all
classes of employes represented - in
the order will be urged upon Mr. McAdoo.
RESENT POSITKJN.
(By Review leased Wire)
BUENOS AIRES, Dec. 4. The
newspapers are lamenting Argentina's
position as a result of her neutrality
in the world war. Diario refers to
the great peace celebrations as "a
Jordan, in which the public conscience
has washed itself of the infamy caused
by Argentina's official policy during
the war."
WASHINGTON BONE DRY.
iF.v Review. Leased Wire) f
OLYJU'lA, Wash., Dec. 4. Wash
ington formally became a "bone dry?
state at midnight tonight with the
issuance of a proclamation today by
Governor Jftnst Lister, announcing
tne passage at tne ;sovemDer election
of the prohibition referendum. This
brings definite end to the liquor per
mit system.
MAKI
THE COMPANY THAT IS
NG GOOD!
Home Oil Co. is DRILLING FOR OIL in CHINO VALLEY, with modem, COM
PLETE STANDARD EQUIPMENT, and making daily progress that will soon drill into
the OIL SAND. It has been absolutely proven that OIL exists in Chino Valley. Discov
ery well drilled through 1 10 feet of OIL SAND, containing high grade PARAFFIN
BASE OIL. Had the water been properly handled in this well, Chino Valley would
have long since been a producing OIL FIELD.
Oil geologists with national reputation say OIL will be found in COMMERCIAL
quantities at depth of 1 600 to 2000 feet. Home Oil is now close 1 000 feet down and
making RECORD PROGRESS every day.
Home Oil Co. has 160 acres of OIL LAND IN TEXAS OIL BELT. This territory
can be called PROVEN LAND, as it lies right in line with development that is proving to
be the greatest OIL producing era ever opened up in this country.
Home Oil Co. HAS 320 acres in Holbr&ok Field. Three wells now' being drilled
in this field, and Home Oil Co. land lies adjoining and close to wells being drilled.
THREE WAY CHANCE
1
REVOLUTION'S GRANDMOTHER
(By Review leased Wire)
TOKIO, Tuesday, Dec. 3, (By the
Associated Press.) Madame Cather
ine Breshkovskaya, "grandmother of
the Russian revolution," arrived here
today from Vladivostok on her way to
the United States. Madame Bresh
kovskaya said that on her visit to
Washington she desired to meet Presi
dent Wilson, to whom she will narrate
the conditions in European Russia and
Siberia.
I
lock
5c
Only limited amount of stock at 5c a share.
AS THE HOLE GOES DOWN STOCK.GOES UP.
OIL offers the greatest opportunity for making BIG MONEY of any line of Hu
man endeavor, and Home Oil is offering you a chance to make MORE MONEY on the
amount you invest than ever OFFERED in the history of oil development.
BUY HOME OIL STOCK NOW, TODAY. We, believe Home Oil will sell for
100r advance inside of 30 days.
As we near depth, where oil sand is known to exist, we predict enormous demand
for HOME OIL STOCK.
(MB OIL CO., Prescott, Ariz.
Main St., Bisbee
H
Local Office:
FRUITMAN'S FASHION SHOP
STEAL LIBERTY BONDS.
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
LEAVENWORTH, Ind.,- Dec. 4.
Liberty ' bonds and war savings certi
ficates secured by robbers who looted
the Leavenworth State bank here
early today is-placed at $ 100,000.
.t ;'.:
V ; a A I
V - 7
, "1
MADAME CLARK The well known
clairvoyant and palmist. Are you
In trouble? If so, why not let
Madame Clark help you, as she is
helping others every day.
TELLS HOW TO WIN
THE ONE YOU LOVE
How to gain the love of the one you
most desire, even though miles away;
how to succeed in business; specula
tions; lawsuits; how to marry the one
of your choice. Advice in love, mar-riage.-buslness,
speculation, invest
ments, gives dates, facts, figures, tells
you of living or dead. YOCR SEC
RET TROUBLES, the cause and rem
edy; in fact, tells everything. Gives
infallible advice on all affairs or life.
If you are in trouble of any kind, un
happy, not satisfied in life, have do
mestic, love or business troubles, you
will be told how to overcome them
all. My record for successful work
during the past year is as follows:
Reunited 162 couples.
Prought about 227 marriages.
Located 27 absent persons.
Overcome 220 rivals.
Removed 37 evil influences.
Whatever your trouble Is,
help you.
MADAME CLARK
Hours: 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Lowell Hotel Rooms 1
Hv Review I.e.-init Wire)
WASHINGTON. Dec. 4 The Serb
ian legation here was advised of
ficially today that King Nicholas of
Montenegro had been deposed by the
Montenegrin national assembly at
Podgoritza. The dispatch, dated at
Cettinje, Montenegro. December I, and
transmitted via ivigrade, the Serbian
capital, follows:
"The great national assembly of
Montenegro called in Podgoritza aft
er having considered the political and
economic interests of the people of
Montenegro, has resolved today, De
cember 1:
"King Nicholas, of the family Petro-
I vitch-Niegush, to be deposed from the
throne of Monenegro.
"The dynasty cf the Kaiagorgevitch
j of Serbia is elected to be the national
dynasty for the kingdom of Monene-
Igro, thus uniting these states (which i
1 BrP inhuhtfoil In- th. C'linu UmK -,..ik
into one; so they will enter together
into the common state of all Serbs,
Croats and Slovenes which will be
formed in unison with all Serb, Croat
land Slovene territories of the former
Austro-Hungnrian empire,
i "A national council is elected which
i will be responsible for all the formal-
ities and details of execution in the
unification of Serbia and Montenegro.
"Ifas resolved to inform on this de-
cision of the national assembly the
former King Nicholas, the royal Serb
ian government, all friendly entente
powers and all neutral states.
"The decision was voted unanimous
ly and with acclamation, and. after
wards, by individual voting also.
"The population has bailed this Ue
cision of the national assembly, with
enthusiasm ana with a firm faith in
a better future."
.1 I H .MJMI T"
. . sic &
I ran
, doily
and 2.
DISCHARGE AUTHORIZED.
CAMP LEWIS. Tacoma, Wash., Dec.
4. The further discharge of soldiers
was authorized in a dispatch received
from Washington today reducing the
number of men in the four training
battalions of the 166th brigade- from
1000 to 150 men each. Tnder the
orders 6000 men will have left 'here
for their homes before Christmas.
The first contingent of 300 dis
charged enlisted men left camp today.
Compilations completed today show
that 122.802 white men, and 1720 ne
groes have been received here through
the draft. California leads with 39,
212 men. Colorado sent 1055. .
i t f
Jim Rice.
Jim Rice, former rowing coach at
Columbia University, is in great de
mand now. War put an end to col
legiate rowing, but with the coming
of peace college officials are plan
ning to renew the sport. Rice savs
he will not return to Columbia. fie
has offers from Pacific coast uni
versities and has been approached by
representatives of Cornell.
The Huns think the armistice terms
are harsh. The Hun, of course, is
noted for the gentleness of his peace
conditions. Detroit Free Press.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
A VJcttsi Resistance
Emphasis should be placed upon
the conservation of strength and
the building up of a strong wall
of resistance against weakness.
SCOITS
is used regularly by many, right
through the winter, as a depend
able means of conserving strength.
For the delicate child or adult,
oCOtl S oner ncn roinnB
mcnt with tonir-finalitiea that
are freat in tbir ability to
strengthen the Lody and in
crease reaitttance.
Scu & Bowne . WuuKificldrN.J. 1S-&
Sore Throat' Golds
QuIcMy Relieved By Hamlin's
Wizard Oil m
Hamlin's Wizard Oil U a limpid
and effective treatment for tore
throat and chest cold. Used a a
gargle for sore throat it brings quick
relief. Rubbed on the chest h wifl
often loosen tip a hard, deep Mated
cold in one night.
How often sprains, bruises, cut!
and burns occur in every family, ad
well as little troubles like earache,
toothache, cold sores, canker sores,
stiff neck, and tired aching fees.
Soothing, healing Wizard Oil will -ways
bring quick relicL
Get it from druggists for 30 cental
If not satisfied return the bottle an4
get your money back,
Ever constipated or have skJI
headache? Just try Wixard Liver
Whips, pleasant little pink pilK 3$
cents. Guaranteed.
UCKHECHT
AR WT"Y" SHOE
Built sturdf and
serviceable fox
A CLEAR COMPLEXION
Ruddy Cheeks Sparkling Eyes
Most Women Can Have
Says Dr. Edwards, a Well-Known .
Ohio Physician.
Dr. F. M. Edwards for 17 years treated
scores of women for liver and bowel
ailments. During theE2 years he pave to
his patients a prescription made df a few
well-known vegetable ingredients mixed
with olive oil, naming them Dr. Edwards'
Olive Tablets. You will know then by
their olive color. j
l ncsetauieis aewonocr-wmitu uu
liver and bowels, which csuse a normal
action, carrying o3 the waste and poison
ous matter ia one's 6ystenu
.' If you have e ple face, sallow look, dull
eyes, pimples, coated tongue, headaches, a
listless, no-good feeling, a!l cut of sorts,
inactive boweb, you tie one of Dr.
Edwards' Olive Tablets nightly for a time
and note the rleauing results
Thousands of women as well as men
take Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets the sue I
ccssful substitute for calomel now and ,
then just to keep in the pink cf condition.
10c and 25c per bor. All druggists. ' I
Why accept an in
ferior Army Shoe
when you can get
the standard article
at the same price or
less? Ask for the
BuckhechT Army
Shoe an J get what
you ask for.
Then you're sure
to be satisfied !
Look for the name
F UCKHECHT
tamped on tne sole
of every Shoe for our
mutual protection.
BLACK
GUN rIETAL
OR
INDIAN TAN
CALF
II J. r - ft- . l ll
Office Mo
Attorneys
PhysidAiM
Hikers
Fanners
OrcharcKsts
Motonnen
Conductors
Hunters
and others ia
every walk of life
If not obtainable from your dealer.
send nam and your order direct
BUCKINGHAM & HEC
Manufacturers San Francisco
2? $7.00 to $8.00
;i8C0 ' i
A HOME YOU WILL ENJOY
' .-
Fire proof, sound proot
fuel saver. Coats lert
then brick or concrete.
BUILD WITH GYPSUM
BLOCKS
Arizona Gypsum Plaster
Co. Douglas, Arizona
Sole manufacturers of pure
Gypsum Blocks. Office
and plant, one block west
ot freight depot. Phone S3.
F
Gas Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to Yow
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply ot
hot water at reasonable tost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
J ! 5
Ml1
-) V
t ' r
i!r
Bisbee Improvement Co. THE BISBEE" DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY,TDECEMBER 5f 1918."
SEVEN
REVIEW WANT ADS
(Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word tor each
Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach
The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion ihe next morning.
Female Help Wanted
W'ANTED-tWoimo to take care of six
children fend make her hone with
them. .. Apply irike Lazovich, Co
chise. ' " 42
WANTED An experienced dining
room girl, also experienced kitchen
woman. - Warner " Dining room.
Phone 733. " . 240
Positions Wanted
WANTED Middle aged lady wants to
nurse children or sick or work in
family or ou ranch. B. F., care Re
view. 316
For Sale
FC; SALE Now is the time to buy
j . car. Steel is high, so is labor.
..-.s will be very scarce next year.
1 nave all kinds of automobiles. You
can buy any of these on easy terms.
Drop me a postal. Box 607, Bisbee,
Arizona. 280
FOR SALE Ford touring car in fine
condition; only used a year; piano,
American walnut dining room suite;
Cole hot Dlast heating stove;
Reliable gas range. All in first class
condition, and used only a year.
Phone 479. dh-tf
FOR SALE Seven room house in ;
good - condition. Bargain. Califor
nia street, No. 48, Johnson addition, i
241
FOR SALE Several seta ladies new
furs." 169 Temby avenue. 277
FOR SALE One gas range. 64 Moon
canyon." W. L. Moore. 243
FOR SALE One five passenger hup
mobile in first class condition. Can
be seen at Slag Dump garage. 256
FOR SALE Strictly modem com
pletely furnished four room house
in Warren. Best locality, excellent
hot water equipment. J500 cash, bal
ance terms. Box 792. . 226
i
FOR SALE Piano, $175. Cash or
Liberty bonds. 16 Cowan ridge. 168
FOR SALE New four room bungalow
house, bath, room, for $1200. Leav
infl town. Place worth $1800. Call
96 Laundry hill.' 169
FOR SALE Furniture of seven room
house. .Almost new. 11 Tank
hill. 63
OR SALE-Best equipped and best
located boarding house in city,
cheap; 75 steady boarders. Call
at Room 14 Allen block. 940
FOR SALE Laying liens and pullets,
all oreeas. write us your require
ments. Phoenix Seed & Feed com
pany, Phoenix, Aria. - 616
FOR SALE The Pressure Cookef.
- Phone 734or cookers or demoastra
t '.lion. uBisboe Mattress V'or,ks. .152
FOR SALE Four room house, a good
well of water on five lots. Ben Scott,
77 Moon canyon. 340
FOR SALE Practically new coal
range, reasonable. 157 Temby ave
nue. t 341
FOR SALE Ranch, well improved,
ready for spring planting, for sale or
trade. A bargain. $350 will handle
it. Write, Ran.cn, Review. 342
FOR SALE High grade furniture for
five rooms, complete, with privilege
of renting house. Will sell this
at a very reasonable figure if taken
as It stands. Address for further
particulars. East, care Review, dh-tf
FOR SALE 160 acres farm land,
artisan water, San Pedro valley. ' A
. bargain to one with the ca.sh. Or
will give terms for half pay to right
. party. Can raise large winter crop.
Address, Bisbee, Box 1957. 338
FOR SALE Large glass lined refri
gerator, colonial wardrobe with bev-
eled mirror door, other furniture.
151 Clawson avenue, corner Opera
Drive. City Park. 317
Wanted
WANTED Couple, no children, two
or three furnished rooms, conven
ient place for car. Call 278 Johnson
hotel before 1 p. m. 343
WANTED Blectric iron, linoleum,
dressers, carpet, furniture. Box
1397. 345
WANTED Michigan Verde, Great
' Rav, Verde Squaw. Address, Box
1397. 315
WANTED Second hand Ford car,
prefer truck body. Would like terms.
Address A. J. C, care Review. 310
WANTED At once, a five rocm un
furnished house in Warren. Call
Red 477. 228
WANTED A four or fhe room un
furnished house with bath Per
manent. R. N. R., Review. 188
Lost
LOST Eastern Star hrwh. Reward
if returned to Eisbee Ore office. :M!
IX)ST Tan pigskin bill folder. Re
turn to V. H. Hardin. Y. M. C. A. 314
7 I ' '
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS Ou your per
sonal ncte to salaried mc.i and wo
men, also on furniture. Cox Loan
company. Room 7, Sparks Kline
ImHding. 10S
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
For Rent
i FOR RENT Lare front room with
kitchenette, nicely furnished, wall
bed. Ines Warburton, next Arizona
Grocery store. 319
FOR KENT Two well furnished
rooms for light housekeeping. 80
Moon avenue. Phone 645. 31S
FOR RENT Furnished front room. 42
Montana street, Johnson addition.
320
FOR RENT Two room furnished
apartment Hayes house. Tomb
stone canyon. 321
; FDR RENT Two large light house
f keeping roomB. bath, piano. Mrs
Page, Castle hill, second door above
Warner hotel 337
FOR RENT One five-room furnished
house, modern, 104 Higgins hill.
above Loretto Academy, J35 per
month. C. H. llogan, below Copper
Queen hotel. Phone 121. 288
FOR RENT Bright sunny room with
heat and bath, suitable for one or
two ladies, in private family. Phone
614. 312
FOR RENT Furnished house, three
rooms, bath and sleeping porch.
Call Red 218 or 182 Mason hill. 308
FOR RENT Three room and two
room furnished apartments with
gas, near Custom . house. Phone
Green 696. 313
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished
j for housekeeping. No children. 28
! Montana street, Johnson addition.
I 283
i FOR RENT Cabin, lights and water
! furnished. J8. Pined for gas. 67 Up
per Lowell. 286
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
room, close In. Phone Black 617, or
call 120 Tombstone canyon. 285
! FOR RENT Furnished room suitable
I for two gentlemen. Opposite Loretto
school. Phono 700. 284
i FOR RENT Three nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms, over Odora's
Motor company garage, Naco road.
Inquire apartment No. 1 on
premises. 287
FOR RENT One five room unfurn
ished house, modern, 104 Higgins
.hHt above Loretto Academy, $35 per
month. C. H. Hogan, below Copper
Queen hotel. Phone 121. 288
FOR RENT New three room house
furnished. Mrs. Winwood, Winwood
addition. . , : . 2S9
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. McDougall house.
Laundry bill, back of Metz stop. 307
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms.
237 School hill. 306
: 1
FOR RENT Three iurnished rooms.
Mrs. Kenjack, Winwood addition.
243
FOR RENT Two or three furnished
rooms, modern conveniences. 237
Mason hill. Phone Blue 786. 189 j
FOR RENT Good furnished room.
Wilson, 17 Quality hilL 17u
Miscellaneous
BUY YOUR HOLIDAY GOODS At
the Racekt Jewelry store. Brewery
Gulch. Engraving free of charge. 339
WILL BUY GOOD THREE OR FOUR
ROOM HOUSE In Bisbee, no hill.
Part cash, rest payments. G., Re
view. 303
AUTHENTIC HISTORY OF THE
WORLD WAR With introduction
by Gon. Peyton C. March, highest bf
ficer in the United States army. Of
ficial photographs. Sells on sight.
Big terms. Extraordinary oppor
tunity for men or women. Outfit
FREE. Universal House, Philadel
phia, Pa. 282
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
From ' $2 up. - All corsets
carefully r fitted. Ines Warburton,
next Arizo'na Grocery store, upper
Main. 66
VISIT MADAM CLARK The well
known Clarivoyant and ralmist.
Are you in trouble of any kind, un
happy, dissatisfied with life, have
domestic, love, or business troubles?
You will be told how to overcome
them all. Whatever your trouble is,
I can help you. Hours 10 a. m. to
8 pm. daily. Lowell Hotel, Rooms
1 and 2, Lowell, Ariz. 8S
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. School, L03
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train for service. 26S
SCECOND HAND CLOTHES Bought.
Phone 739, City Dye Works. 604
AMERICAN HOME MADE BEER
Not a near beer, nor 'substitute, but
a genuine beer made in the home.
Simple, easy to make. Get the recipe
by America's foremost brewmaster.
Send 10 cents for mailing, E. J.
Weston, 208 1-2 East Ninth street.
Los Angeles. 66t
! filed notice of Intention to make final
Legal Notices
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
019126
Department of the Interior
U. S. I-md Office at PhWnix, Ariz.
November 2. 191S.
Notice in hereby given that William
Ryau, of "Hereford. Arizona, who, on
September 6. Utll!, made Desert Land
Entrv. No. 01912C, for N.E. V S.E. 'A,
K. 'i N.E. U. Sec. 7, N.W. , N.W. t.
Section 8. Township 24-S.. Range
22 E., G & S. R. B. & Meridian, has
I proof under the Act of March 4, 1915
I Purchase Clause to establish claim
to the .land above described, before
Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commissioner.
at Bisboe, Arizona, on the 10th day c.
December. 191S.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Angus Gillis,
James Delaney, both of Bisbee, Ari
zona. Ben Morgan,
Dayton L. Graham, Jr., both of
Garces, Arizona.
608 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
First publication November 9, 1918.
Last publication December 8, 191S.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
023275027394
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, 1918.
Notice Is hereby given ttit Pearl fc.
Voorhees, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on September $, 1913, made Home
stead Entry No. 023275 for the S.E. ,
Sec. 2S, Tp. 22-S, R. 21-E., and on May
11, 1915, made additional Homestead
Entry. No. 027394, for S.E. N E. ',,
Sec. 28, W. Vt N.W. Sec. 27, Town
ship 22-S., Range 21-E.. G. & S. R. B. &
Meridian, haa filed notice of intention
to make three year proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor,. U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 11th
day of December, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A Lyth,
Albert J. Voorhees, both of Here
ford, Arizona.
John E. Nelson, of Bisbee, Arizona.
Louis . A. Boedecker, of Turner,
Arizona.
607 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
First publication November 9, 1918.
Last publication December 8, 1918.
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF
STOCKHOLDERS OF EL PASO A.
SOUTHWESTERN RAILROAD
COMPANY.
Notice is hereby given that a spe
cial meeting of stockholders of El
Paso & Southwestern Railroad com
pany will be held at the principal of
fice of the company in Bisbee, Cochise
county, Arizona, on Wednesday, the
4th day of December, 1913, at two
o'clock p. m. for the purpose of elect
ing directors to serve until the next
annual meeting of stockholders, or un
til their successors are elected and
qualified, and also for the purpose of
considering, and acting upon a resolu
tion to approve all of the acts of the
officers and directors of said company
since the last annual meeting thereof.
This meeting is called by stockhold
ers of record of said El Paso & South
western Railroad company who own
more than one-third of the issued and
outstanding capital stock thereof, said
call duly signed by said stockholders
being on file in my office.
GEORGE NOTWA.N,
Secretary of El Paso & Southwestern
Railroad Company. o
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
02G913 028S26
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Ofiice at Pnoenix, Ariz.
November 2, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Albert
J. Voorhees, of Hereford, Arizona,
who, on March 15, 1915, made Home
stead Entry, No. 026913, for W. i N.E.
N.W. , Sec, 26, S. Vi N.E.
14, S.E. 'A N.W. V4. Section '27", and on
November 17, 1915, made additional
Homestead Entry, No. 028826, for N.E.
4 N.W. Vt, Section 27, Township 22-S,
Range 21-E., G. & S. R. B. & Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
three year proof, to establish claim to
the land above described, before Jared
D. Taylor, U. S. Commisisoner, at Bis
bee, Arizona, ou the 11th day of De
cember, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A Lyth,
Pearl E. Voorhees, both of Heieford,
Arizona.
Louis A. Boedecker, of Turner, Ari
zona. 1 John E. Nelson, of Bibbce, Arizona.
609 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
First publication Noveirber 9, 1918.
Last publication December 8, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
01272Z
Department of the interior
U. S. Laud Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Albert
Catlrell, of Sunnyside, Arizona, who,
on December 30, 1910, made Home
stead Entry. No. 012722. for fl. . S,
No. C03.
A tract of land described by metes
and bounds, as follows: Beginning at
Corner No. 1 from whence U. S. L. M.1
No. COO II. E. S. bears N. 29 degs. 13'
E. 62.09 chains.
Thence S. 43 degs. 18' E. 6.99 chains
to Cor. No. 2.
Thence S. 23 ttVgs. 43' W. 42.21
chains to Cor. No. 3.
Thence S. 73 degs. 19' W. 17.0b
chains to Cor. No. 4.
Thence N. 20 degs. 58' E. 14.30
chains to Cor. No. 5.
Thence N. 35 degs. 21' K. 41.88
chains to Cor. No. 1. the place of be
ginning, containing B3.26 Acres in ap
proximate Sections 15 and 16 (unsur
veyed) Tp. 23 S., R. 19-E., cf the C. &
S. R, B. & Meridian, Arizona, in tne
Coronado National Forest has filed no
tice of intention to make five year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, beforo W. A. Fowler,
U. S. Commissioner, at Tombstone,
Arizona, on the 11th day of Decem
ber, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
George W. Parker, of San Rafael,
Arizona.
Lucy Laugford. of Sunnyside, Ari
zona. Lewis K. Milntyre, of Parker Can
yon, Arizona.
(iu&lave J. Peterson, of Suuiiysdue,
Arizona.
Clo JOHN L. lltVIN. Register.
First publication November 9. 1918.
I.adt publication Dm-ember 8, 1U1S.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION !
027121 ;
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office ut Phoenix. Ariz.
November 9. 191S.
Notice is hereby given that Joseph
Hamntr-r. or Hereford. Arizona, who,'
on July 8, 1915, made Homestead En
try. No. 027121, for S.E. I,, E. ft N.W. '
j! Mining and Financial News
J BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
.W YORK, Dec. 4. TraJitifc in
sto i.s today was characterized by un
j certainty at every period of the ses
! sicn, the market falling into a vondi
I Hr.n ni Innr-tin after the morlpratplv
active first hour. There was little
J t V-i inn in nninra In tkn
u",lu" "
preiuem s iucbsikc i .uuic 1111
yesieruav g liiiiiiiaii.'im ui hu vnriy
reuueuon vi lub maib'ti ram iruui ou i
to. 20 per cent found no reflection in
the money market, the rate for call
loans holding at 6 per cent.
Rails were dull and of all the im
portant stocks Biich changes as oc
curred in that group were generally
downward. Pacifies, grangers and
coalers easing 1 to l'j points, but
rallying slightly on short covering I
later.
Oils were more than ordinarily er
ratic, Mexican Petroleum yielding
most of its 2 point advance.
Studebaker was the striking excep
tion to the strength of motors and
subsidiaries, losing almost 2 points at
the outset, but rallying in the final
hour. Coppers and tobaccos were
firm, but equipments and leathers for
feited 1 to 2 points. Sales amounted
to 425,000 shares.
Heavy selling of Liberty issues,
cliielly the fourth 4'4s at the new
minimum of $96.20 was the striking
f o 1 1 1 1 fa nf tha hnnil marlrot fit li it-
domestic bonds, including speculative
rails were moderately lower, but in-
ternatlonals held film. Total sales,
i.ni..A nn.ARQtni cii oT: aaa
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. 4. Unofficial re
ports today that the January average
price of hogs would be up to the De
cember level helped to give the corn
rnm fi'nishoH ctmnir in 5V. not
hicho milh Isnnarv Ir. ITJlijAllZ. COml.
and February 1.32 to 1.33. Oats. """
CAinorl In 1U 111 nrrtvlsinna tho!' A
nutpnnio ranpd Irnm K nanta riArllno i
in ciif. iHviukh
Shorts in corn rushed to buy when
gossip more or less authoritative be
rflmp nirront that th .Tani'iarv hntr
price had been fixed at $17.50, the
same as for December. Simultaneous
sharp upturns in the value of cash
corn operated as a further bullish
factor. Indeed, from the outset the
market had an upward tilt owing to
some extent to new appeals from the
frwl slriminicf rallrvn that mnnlla. h
. ,... t,j,..o t
kept flowing to Europe in far greater
volume than last year. Advices, how -
ever, that France and . England had
been given a credit of $240,000 000 in
Argentina with which to buy grain
did notice that the domestic car per -
m i f avatpm na In hn.i onH tst all .a.
except wheat had been abandoned
least until January 1. ,
Oats bulged with corn. Receipts
were light.
Scattered buying was sufficient to
make provisions firm. .
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. (. Metals
changed.
COTTON MARKET.
' NEW YORK. Dec. 4. Cotton
closed barely steady wlin tne more
active months 15 to 40 points higher,
Vi. E. 14 S.W. Vi. Section 26, Tewn
ship 23-S., Range 21-E., G. & S. IL B.
& Meridian, has filed notice of inten
tion to make three year proof, to es
tablish claim to the land above de
scribed, before W. A. Fowler, U. S.
Commissioner, at Tombstone, Arizona,
on the 17th day of December. 1918.
- Claimant names as witnesses:
George J. McCabe,
' Milton Clark,
Adolph C. Hinters,
Leslie Wilcox, all of Hereford, Ari
zona. ,
817 JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION
In the Superior Court of Cochise Coun
ty, State of Arizona.
In the matter of the estate of Jennie
C. Wright, deceased.
Notice is hereby given that James
F. Wright has filed In this Court a
certain document purporting to be the
last Will and Testament of Jennie C.
Wright together with his petition
praying that said document be admit
ted to probate in this Court as the last
Will and Testament of said Jennie C.
Wright, deceased, who, said petitioner
alleges. j8 deceased, and that letters
testamentary Issue thereon to said
petitioner, and that same will be
heard on Saturday the 7th day of De
cember, A. D., 1918, at 10 o'clock In
the forenoon of said day, at the court
room of said Court, in the Court
House, in the city of Tombstone,
County of Cochise, State of Arizona,
and all perxons interested in said
estate are notified then and there to
anp?ar aud show cause, if any they
hav?, why the prayer of said petition
er should not be granted. -
J. E. JAMES,
By JOS. A. IVEY. Clerk.
Deputy Clerk.
Dated, November 25, 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUCLICATION -Gadsden
Department of the Interior Mir.ieil Monster .
U. S. Iind Office at Phoenix, Arizona.'. Butte London ..
October 13. 1918. I Dundee
Notice U hereby given that Manuel 1 Venture Hill ...
l-irraiuiga, uf C.arces. Arizona, who. ' Pitts-.eromn .. .
on September 29. 1915. made Home-! Jerome Verdo ..
stead entry. No. 01'4::ii. for S. ft N.W. ! Ark A-i.ima . . .
'i. N. V- S W. i. Section 34. Town-' Jerome Portland
s'.iij. 28-S., K.!!g 21-E.. G. & S. R. B.
Meridian, haa filed notice of inten
tion to make Three Veur proof, to es
tablish claim to th) land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
('oiiu.iis.oiuT, at llisbee, Arizona, on
the 2'';h day ef November, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Janu s F. Kelly, itf Garees. Arizona.
Charles A. Martin, of Lowell. Ari -
zona.
William Itvau, cf Hereford, Arizona.
Ceurse- L Dunn, of Stark. Arizona
JOHN L. IRWIN, Register.
while May and later deliveries
8 to 25 points lower.
Closing quotations December 4, 1918.
(L. J. Overlook, Broker.)
NEW YORK.
"I Anaconda
65 7
45'4
83ai
61
84 H
84
65 V
59 4
39
60
56
' 4Si
' n
56
127
100
69 i
274
'112a
44?
161
jmn can
f .
Car
Amn. Loco
Ami). Smelters .
Baldwin
Beth
C. & O
C. F & I
Central Leather
Crucible
I Distiller
Erie
I Goodrich . .
General Motors
hid. Alcohol
Lackawauna
Marine
Marine pfd
Midvale
Mexican Petroleum
N. Y. C. . .'.
Northern Pacific . .
Reading
Rubber
Republic Steel
Studebaker
Steel
79
9 6', 4
84,
74
7574
624
96
' SpPf?
5 L V."i'"
I .outherJ? . 1 acific
1 1 exas uu
112
46
102
186
129
48
Union Pacific .
lU. S. M
United Motors
Westinghouse
43
90
44
48
13
207,
67
470
470
37
19
112
80
49
24
7
70
4S
36
99'.g
6
2i
25
56
314
18
13
84
40
66
14i
67
21
16
4
42
78Vj
9
11
5
1
IS
17 ft
lTi
14
614
17 1,8
2
2 '4
3
15
45
4'4
ft
CO
14
1
12
V
163
4-4
37
16
B08TON.
Adventure
Alaska . .
AllOMZ
i C. Range
Chino , .
Chile .. .
E. Butte
i 5ra,nby
G. Can.
1 "u"",c,u
Hancock
Indiana
! 'si"rl'"
Kenuecott
KeWeeiiaW
I-v-,
, "
!,,. 7
V,t """
1 '" ,, "
"ayt'ower
xs aua
'?!: Dutte
!
atlj: ,
Osceola
Pond Ck
Quincy
Ray Con
Shattuck
Shannon
Superior Boston .
St. Marys ws-t . :--.-. .
Utah Copper
Utah Con
CURBS.
A. & A
Ariz. Bing
Big Ledge
Butte
Cal. & Jer
Cornelia
Con. Ariz
Curtis . . ' ".
Con. Copper Mines
Denn
Dundee
Emma
Federal Oil
Gadsden
Grand Island
Green Monster
Globe Dom.
Hull
Howe Sound
Hecla
J. Verde
J. Victor
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Okmulgee
Pitts. Jer
Porphyry
I Ray Here.
Tom Reed
U. En stem ....
Verde Ex ,
Verde Combn. ,
Wol. Ariz
West End
White Caps . . ,
Wright Martin
' I
OATMA,M.
(By Collin & Bretherton.)
Argo 04
Adams 03
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R 02
Big Jim Con 05
Boundary Cone 02
Gold Ore 05
Gold Road lion 02
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 03
SunnvsiJe 05
Tolluride 10
Tom Reed 1.62
I
I
.05
.15
.05'
.10
.03
.06.
,.04'
.15
.06 '
.13
1 63
4.62:
.20,
1
! United Eastern
4 56
Red Lion . y
OTHER CURBS.
2.50
.37
.16
1.00
.02
.10
HI
..o;
.40
.06
1.S7
.62
.02
6.25
.44
3.00
.41
.181
1.12 ;
."4!
.12
' .50
12
.17
'SI
12
.69
."
6. .".it I
.50 1
Ins Neodii:!
Hull Copper
.Marina Chief
WnIvArizoii:r . .
Verde OiniLli.ation ...
Mi.in.i (t:. ululated ..
Nat o.ari Ciiiolil.itcd
C0.1. Copper Mines. . . .
! I'orph ;y .. .
'Ual. & Jeromi
Feathor River
12
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRINtJ RESULTS
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essentia,
facts of each, their meeting nights, their offirr and the place of gather
Ing will be found undr their respective beajinxs m thse columns.
BIS3PP. LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. rvi.
Meets every Friday
night. Moose. Hall
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
R. I. G LEA SON,
Dictator
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meeu every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellow?' Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock? Visiting
I Drotners cord . ally invited to attend.
IHall phur.e 119.
G A. PLUNKETT. N. ft.
LESTER EUSTACE, Sec'T
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening ot each
month at Odd Fellows Ha;i Visiting
sisters are cordially inviteu.
MINNIE BLUM. M. E. C
Phone Black 851
IDA GLAZE. M. of R. C.
Box 1476
FRATERNAL ORDER OF 'EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
" No. 175, F. O.
E., meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, 8 p. m..
Eagles' Hall.
Visitors cor
dially wel
come. J. F. WfLMOTH. PresdnL
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDMUNDSON. Aerie Physician
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 89i, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vich ball. VIsitinf Archers are cor
dially Invited.
MRS. C. C. FINLAYSON,
Foreman, P. O. Box 1536.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent, Box 1496.
WEEK ENDING DECEMBER 7, 1918.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday ,
Friday
Saturday
W. W. GIDLEY, W M.
B. T. WATK1NS. Sec y, F. & A- M.
J. W. TOLAXD. E. H P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. I. M.
F. E. BENNETT. E C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
L. O. L.
NO. 21a
meets in I O.
O. F. HaU first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
era cordial!)
Invited to at
tend. M.
R'M. T. SMITHAN. W
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O.lJox 426. Bisbee.
Chicken Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED COHP'Y
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches,' Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Store.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully 8ollcltt Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICt
A. OWERS. Mgr., Bakerville
Phone 67
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
lwVWMn
CATARRH
' OF THt
BLADDER
Hilievsi !i
mm
24- Hours
rh rn. .
Sttntn ienmirrfUm
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bone Lodge Na U
Knights of Pythia
meets each Tuesday
except second) in Odd
Fellows' HaU at 7:3
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially Invited
6 fii P
H. t WOOTON, C. C
W. E. McCALLUM. K. of R.
LODGE NO. 671
day of each month. Visiting brother
Regurar meeting first and third Frt
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler -R.
J. KELLY. Secretary
WOODMEN Of THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m., Finnish Hall.
D. C. SAX BY, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
. meets In Masonic halt
Vl Pearl Chanfnr N.-n ft moo.
IMA I 7 .'V.-'.. -
in Masonic Han second and
fourth Tuesday of eacb
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS. fT. M.
Phone 161, Box 43. B'.sbe
MRS. JESSIE SEVAN, Sec'y, P. O
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com..
Phone 161.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Mtets in I. O. O. T
rla'.l First and Third
SaturtUyi. V 1 s 1 1 li
brothers welcome.
S. F. BENTON. Councillor
M. WILLIAMS. Rec. Sec'y.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. a
Bisbee Lodge No
; -r -
V
-J 42 meets the 1st
of each month at
7:30 at Medlco
vich Hall. Visit
ing membeis cordially Invited.
B. F. MOSS, IresidenL
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer
BOJT723. Tel. 236. Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secreury
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13416
irta7 jiedigovich HalL
fir&i" L L. MOl
MOTZ, Consti
F. MATHEWSO:
Clerk.
CH. HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
fIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
"COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAN J
IS&
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldjj., Main Street
Pfcone 26 Box 1129
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an si .mate
on that job n shcrt nct-ce
! 3?
1
V7
.1 EIGHT
THE BISBEs. DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1918.
City Briefs
Has any one visited you? Or have
you entertained? It so, call The
Review after 6vp. m. and tell the
Society Editor. Fhone 39.
RETURNED HOME.
Mrs. Robert Reeves returned to her
home In Tombstone yesterday for a
a visit here of several days.
ON COURT BUSINESS.
J. u. Taylor was in Tombstone yes-
1 V... 1, .l.irV tt
the superior court. He returned late
last evening.
LOCATED IN GLEESON.
James Hosan, who lias been here
for the past few months, has gone to
Gieeson, where he expects to remain
for some tinie.
WOUNDED IN FRANCE. j
Advices have been received here to j
the effect that Allen Hergquist, a
Bisbee youns man, had been wounded j
in t rance, ine exiem oi ius wum.ua
nao. not oeeu ;
!
TO SAN FRANCISCO. :
James Gerrity was an outgoing pas-
senger iasi eiraius . i
State limueu lor fun rmmmw,
where he expects to remain ior tme
time.
. " ,
WAS IN DOUGLAS. ,
Dave Foster was m Douglas yester-'
day on a short business trip. He
states that the Border City pres
sentedi".
a qui
noon.
?t appearance yesterday after-
LEAVES FOR FRISCO.
day light San Francisco, where j
they expect to make their future
heme They have been residents of
the dif-trict for a number of years.
FROM DOUGLAS.
Floyd Smith and wife of Douglas
were in the city yesterday on their
way from ' Tombstone to Douglas.
They had been to Tombstone on busi-
WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
Dr. W. C. Nason of the Copper j
..... .
Queen medical force was m touid-:""
stone yesterday to act as a member ,
of the lunacy commission that had
before it a case from Douglas.
WERE IN CITY.
County Assessor Edwin Hughes and
A. C. Karger, clerk of the board of
supervisors, were in the x-ity yester
day on a short trip.1 Mr. Karger was
accompanied by his wife and children.
They returned home la evening.
FROM CANANEA.
Dr I. B. Hamilton
and wife of
Cananea are in the city for a few
days and are guests at the Copper
n-,on l-nfcl The doctor states that;
wuvu ..
there are a "umber of cases or in
fluenza at that camp at the present
time.
IN NOGALES.
Ed FlaTiigan, the attorney, is spend
ing a few days ia Santa Cruz county
. , ...
of his lata partner, John S. Williams,
He is expected to return home within
a few days.
QUOTA HAS ARRIVED
There are 200 pairs of pajamas to
be made and a very little time in
which to make them, so that a large
attendan.ee is desired today at the Red
Cross rooms in the Elks' club. The
rooms are well heated and have been
thoroughly fumigated.
FROM EENSON.
William Clark, who has consider
able property in Benson and some
mining property in the Little Dragoon I
mountains, south of here, was in f he ;
city yesterday. He is endeavoring to
make a deal on some of his mining j
property.
PROMOTED TO CAPTAIN. a few days on a visit. His presence
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Chambers of;iere recalls his narrow escape from
Tombstone have received word from! death about seven years ago at the
their son. Reed M. Chambers, the"j Johnson camp. He was stying with'
American ace, written from a hospi-'a man named McGovern and one night
tal in France, where he had recently ' they were attacked by a young man
been operated upon for appendicitis, j named Arnold, who killed McGovern
He said he had just been promoted j and ben ran Watt out of the house
to captain In the aviation corps, and for quite a distance and shot at him
in the letter which was written on I several times. One bullet going
November 11, the day the armistice through his mouth and coming out
PAY GASH
Try
Jevnes' Home Made Mince Meat, '1 lb. pkgs.
Jevnes' Fruit Cake, I lb '
Jevnes' Plum Pudding.
Jevnes' Fig Pudding.
Jevnes' Fruit Nut Cake,
also
Jevnes' Glaced Fruits, in 1 and 3 lb. pkgs.
J. B. ANGIU.S
PURE FOOD GROCER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration
I t
1 was t-iened. he did not mention any -
.thin;; about peace, but said he ex -
! ikh ted to set ba k into action soon,
Captain Chambers is thirl in order of
American acea who has brought down
German planes. H.' also has been dec
orated for bravery, and his parents
expect hira back now, since the war
lias ended.
NEPHEW KILLED.
f. A. Novis manager of the local
j branch of the J. . Penny stores, yes-
jterday received a teiegram, announc
Jinc the death of . his nephew, Cham
,'picn Carson, of .Miami. Okla., in
i France, on the 14ih of October. Carson
was a member of the 5th engineers,
j - Ji"P"
' BACK TO OLD HAUNTS.
Frank Bree, who was a resident of
:l e Warren district for a number of
years has returned from San r ran-i
cisco. where he has been for the past
two vears in the employ of the Union
Iron Works. He states that he is glad
to gi back to the best copper camp
in the country.
ran DIEGO
c Pury,ar who has been in the
pmpiov of the c. & A. company in j
,he olfice at arren, and who was
connected with The Review for sev-
pra, montns will leave shortly for
gan tQ d thg nolidays witn
his family.
He expects to return to
Lhe district.
iTO BE JAILOR.
According to advices received here
from Douag, w. B. Fonda, of that
. . aDDOintment
. . nnntv ,. t Tnllin.
J ... . ;,.
stone, unuer ner;ii eiei-L .tRiwiitu'i.
Fonda was the only defeated candi
date on the democratic ticket in the
recent county election.
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS
There are undelivered telegrams at
the Western Union office for the fol
lowing named persons: D. L. D;ck,
Beatrice Allen, Fred 'seek (death), R.
E. Canion, C. H. Williamson, Charley
Molarik, C. II. Crow. Daniel Marrnjo,
Luz Jaso, -W. G. Felliner, Mrs. Mary
Hentley, Lauriano Ruiz, Mrs. D. M.
SJiairat.
- . L .v.! ,
on a .on lu, UUii ,,cuu.uB
.,loi tn Vila u-ifD nnrt rrATlts IPIt
"". . . "
! 'evening on tne
Golden State
Limited for Mare Island, where he
will resume his post of duty with the
United States marines. He has no
idea at present when he will be re
leased from the service.
HAS RETURNED.
J. J. Bowen of the Bisbee Auto
company returned yesterday from Los
Angeles, where he has been for the
past, week, on a visit to relatives. He
reports that Los Angeles is rather
quiet at the present time and that
tne mercnants ana auto aca.ers
that business is poor at the present
time.
THREW ROCKS.
About 11 o'clock yesterday two
blasts were fired by leasors onthe
hill just above the postoffice that
threw a shower of rocks of various
sizes on the plaza and on the P. D.
.ctnra and th A . TWIStnf f ire A
number
cf women, children and men on the
street had narrow escapes from being
i hit by the falling missiles. One large
stone fell just in fnont of three women
coming out of theil'helps Dodge store.
MARRIED LAST EVENING.
Miss Ethel Btyiner and Roy Green
were married last evening at the Epis
copal church. Rev. White officiating.
Miss Bonner has been a resident of
the district for some lime and the
groom is one of the faithful employes
of the engineering department of the
Phelps Dodge company. The couple
will take a short honeymoon trip and
will then make their home in War
ren.
RECALLS KILLING.
William Watt, an old time miner
!and prospector, is in the district for
PAY LESS
1
License No. G-16109
.1
j of the back of his neck. Ainolc 111
1 robbed f'e place, stole a railroad
i locipede and went o Ht'iison, win-
he was arrested thd next morning and;
was afterwards tried in Tombstone
and sentenced to life imprisonment
Watt was not expected to live for sev
eral weeks after he was shot, but is
now in better health than he has been
for some time.
MRS. CUMBACH ILL.
Mrs. C 1.. Ci;inbach, who was be
fore her marriage Mis3 Dorothy Hen
nett. ti aiher in the local schools, has
been quite 111 with an attack of la
grippe, but is recovering and will be
up and about soon.
MARRIED IN WARREN.
Miss Madge Chapman and Mr. P. A.
Hills were married last evening at
he home of the bride's parents, Mr.
ana .Mrs. t. a. inapman. in v. arren,
land left on the evening train for El
I Pnso, where taey will spend a short
honeymoon. The bride has been a
resident of Bisbee since her child
hood and, is one of the best known of
the younger set. The groom came to
the district about a year ago and lias
engaged in the mining business.
WAS BISBEE VISITOR.
Capt. Harry C. Wheeler, former
sheriff of Cochise county, but now
with the 10th cavalry machine gun
troop, was in tie city yesterday on a
short visit while on his way to Doug
las. Captain Wheeler has tendered
his resignation to the war department
and if ft is accepted, will again be
come a resident of Cochise county. He
enlisted for the duration of the war.
He was warmly greeted by his many
friends in this district.
FOR WINTER SPORT.
The local lodge of Elks was yes
terday presented with a young badger
by Captain Harry C. Wheeler. The
young animal was placed in the rear
of the building and will be placed in
training at once by Jinimie Nichols in
the art of fighting and he hopes to
have it in good shape for a battle
with any of the fighting dogB in the
Warren district by the holidays. If
the quarantine is lifted, there prom
ises to be some .lively bouts there
this winter. Jacobs, the insurance
man is already willing tn wager that
his dog can clean tJie badger up in
a short time, notwithstanding that the
badger is being trained by an experi
enced fighter.
JUDGE SAWTELLE GOES
TO WASHINGTON
Judge William Sawtelle of the Uni
ted States district court, left Tucson
Tuesday for Washington, D. C, for a
conference with the attorney general
on the proposed creation of an addi
tional federal judicial district in Ari
zona. The judge was asked to come
to the capital, it is understood, and
this is believed to be an augury for
the early passage of the pending bill
providing for the new district.
The passage of the measure would
be followed by the appointment of an
additional federal judge and other dis
trict court officials. The postponement
of court terms within the district, be
cause of the influenza epidemic, has
resulted in the aggravation, of a condi
tion which long , ago was made the
basis for the movement for the ap
pointment of an additional federal
judge in Arizona. The quarantine has
resulted in an accumulation of crimi
nal cases and law and equity cases
which will be difficult for one court
to dispatch.
Before leaving Judge Sawtelle indi
cated that the grand and trial juries
of the local United States court would
be called for December 17.
Phoenix: About 100 applicants for
construction granted upon lifting of
building restrictions. Cattlemen grant
ed half rates on feed shipments.
The neonle are demanding a higher
standard of service in the state legis-1
lature if that branch of the govern
ment is to enjoy respect.
Phoenix: Recent rains have great
ly improved grazing conditions on
ranges.
Now That the War is Over You May
Negotiate Your Bonds or Stamps for
My line of merchandise is the largest I ever carried.
Especially so regarding diamonds, set in platinum. The
watch line consists of Howards, Hamiltons, Elgins,
Walthams and the renowned Gruen, very thin, and
some five hundred assorted sizes and prices in ladies'
wrist watches. LaValiers in gold and platinum frcm
$2.50 to $900.00. Also GorhaWs sterling wares, Lib
bey's cut glass, Pickard China. We are jobbers in the
International Silver line which controU 27 different
factories and are selling 26-piece silver sets as low as
$10.00. . Rogers Bros. R. C. in Oak Chests; same sells
for $15.00 elsewhere.
L,L. GILJMAN
JEWELER Main Street.
sW. SI DRIVE TO
BE COMPLETED
M CITY TODAY
Committee of Local Women
Will Station Themselves j
Throug h o u t District t o
Stimulate Purchases !
The finish of the 1!US campaign for
the sale of the war savings stamps
will be witnessed here this week,
when a committee composed of local
women will take the field to stimulate
Irca! interest and promote sales. The
district now is only about two-thirds
gubscribed. The remainder of its quota
must be made up within the next few
days. Almost enough has been sub
scribed to meet the quota, but many
of the subscribers have not taken the
full amount of their pledges.
"The committee women named for
the district who were designated by
Mrs. V. il Hclcomhe (Telephone No.
325) are requested to report to the
various stations designated. They will
be supplied with stamps at the sta- j
tion to which they have been assigned.
Should any be .unable to srve, it is re
quested that they notily Mrs. Hoi
combe at once by telephone, while any
volunteers should do likewise.
The committees are:
Thursday Morning
Band of Bisbee
Mrs. A. E. Craig.
Mrs. Mable Muore.
Miners & Merchants Bank
Mrs. R. A. Brethertou.
Mrs. W. H. Holcombe.
Citizens Bank & Trust Co.
Mrs. A. K. Crocker.
Bank of Lowell
Mrs. C. S.- Thompson.
Bisbee Postoffice
Mrs. R. G. Linden.
Warren Postoffice
Mrs. J. Byrnes. s
Thursday Afternoon
Bank of Bisbee
Mrs. Paul Stevens.
Airs. P. J. Meenan.
Miners & Merchants Bank
Mrs. I. L. Berrien.
Mrs. P. M. Buckwalter.
Citizens Bank & Trust Co.
Miss Mabel Bauer.
Miss Hazel Judson.
Bank of Lowell
Mrs. Wm. Brakefield.
Bisbee Postoffice
Miss Gertrude Desmond.
Miss Katherine Regan.
Warren Postoffice
Mrs. J. Byrnes.
Friday Morning
Bank of Bisbee
Mrs. Sam Kyle.
Mrs. Gerald Sherman.
Miners & Merchants Bank
Mrs. E. H.. Land is.
Mrs. W. H. Holcombe.
Citizens Bank &. Trust Co.
Mrs. A. E. Crocker.
Bank of Lowell
Mrs. Pearl Humphry.
Bisbee Postoffice
Mrs. J. W. Scott.
Mrs. W. R. Tonkin.
Warren Postoffice
Mrs. J. Byrnes.
Friday Afternoon
Bank of Bisbe
Mr9. Frank, Duval.
Miners & Merchants Bank
Miss Gertrude Desmond.
Miss Hazel Judson.
Citizens Bank & Trust Co.
Mfs. Ross Moon.
Miss Mabel Bauer.
Bank of Lowell
Mrs. A. Sinclair. .
Bisbee Postoffice
Miss Elizabeth Stamper.
Miss Opal Core.
Warren Postoffice
Mrs. J. Byrnes.
Additional Subscriptions -The
following is an additional list
J of names that have not appeared on
the unitea war worn nonor rou:
Andrew S. Sinclair 110
C. T. Washburn 5
Go a .
ills
II. O. Owen 5
John Twomey 5
A. (J. Mcgede 5
Meade Powell ...T 10
John L. Bridge 2"i
Mis. Ainoll 2
J. K. Larson 3
X. Bert rand 5
Carrie Locklin 8
Tom Tate 6
S. S. Safford 5
('. W. Lynn 10
J. P. Chrario 5
II. W. Clark 5
Uev. Maniliu 1
Unrge A. Bridge - 1)
A. J. Ramsey 10
Dr. Dry den l'J
MANY ASPIRANTS ARE
ENTERED FOR THE
FEDERAL JUDGESHIP
BILL PROVIDING FOR ANOTHER
FEDERAL JUDGE IN ARIZONA
NOW PENDING BRINGS OUT
N ANY CANDIDATES
PHOENIX. Ariz., IVc. 4. Now that
the bill creating an additional judicial
district in Arizona is on the
unanimous consent calendar of the
house, having passed the senate, and
is expected to become a law soon,
there is much speculation as to what
Arizona lawyer will be named to fill
the position, one of the most coveted
in the gift of the president, being a
life job.
Henry D. Ross, one of the justices
cf the supreme court, is most fre
quently mentioned. Before his ap
pointment as collector of internal
revenue, Alfred Krankiin was con
sidered first in line, but having been
defeated for reuomination to the su
preme ccurt it is not believed that
he will be appointed.
The selection of Ross would leave
a vacancy on the supreme court to
be filled by appointment of the gov
ernor. Others mentioned for the place
are George J. Stoneman of I'hoenix,
C. H. Rutherford of Jerome, and
Judge Franklin B. Laine of the su
perior court of Greenlee county, all
active candidates.
Judge Samuel L. Pattee is also
mentioned but it is not believed that
he will be'named as Judge Sawtelle
comes from Tucson.
As the first federal judge was
named by Mark Smith, it is believed
that the second will be left to Sen
ator Ashurst. In that case it would
not be surprising to see the senator
recommend Thos. E. Flynn, present
United States attorney. He stands
close tb Ashurst having been his law
partner before Ashurst was elected
to the senate.
Flynn is not an avowed candidate
but a protnisins dark horse.
REPORTS ON CANNING DONE.
' Miss Louise Sporleder has issued
the following report of the number cf
quarts of vegetables and canned fruit
in Cochise county from May to No
vember, 1918:
Fruits Qis. Veg. Qts.
St. David 51S9 20S4
Webb 1970 641
Benson 1S45 641
Dragoon 855 139
IUsbee 747 155
Douglas 717 129
San Simon 616 314
Naco 4S
Total 11.9S7 4566
Number of women who did canning,
144. This, report does not include all
districts of Cochise nor does it show
all of the canning done in Cochise tbid
season. Owing to lateness of so.no of
the reports, data could not be in
serted. Mining districts that were depleted
of labor by the demands of war and
the war industries, are beginning to
get back some of their common labor.
i
B
p C 1
IN
'Beautiful Silk
Cut Flowers and Potted Plants.
Funeral Designs to Order.
M
!rs. J. E. Norrss
PHONE 299
MAIN ST. Opp. American Ry. Express Office.
PHOENIX PREPARING
FOR THE CLEAN-UP
JANUARY THE FIRST
P. R. MILNES OF PRESCOTT JOUR
NAL MINER, SELECTED BY GOV
ERNOR CAMPBELL AS HIS SEC
RETARY; OTHER PROBABLE AP
POINTMENTS PHOENIX. Ariz.. Dc 4. No hint
has been given by Gov.-elect Thos.
K. Campbell as to any state appoint
ments but he is expected to announce
his selections for all the major offices
before he leaves for the governor's
conference at Annapolis about the
middle of the month.
The only appointment thus far an
nounced is. that of secretary to the
governor. P. R. Milnes, editor of
the Prescott Journal Miner, selected
to that place, is now in Phoenix and
will remain here until the first of the
year.
One of the most important posi
tions to tie filled by the governor is
that of chairman of the commission
of state institutions. The Maricopa
county central committee has en
dorsed for the place Andrew Bau
mert, jr., secretary of the state com
mittee. The members under Gover
nor Campbell's former administra
tion were Doane Merrill and Judge
A. A. Jayne of Casa Grande. W. R.
Jameisnn was the democratic mem
ber. There is at present one repub
lican member of the board. He is
Lloyd Christy of Phoenix.
Another important position is that
of superintendent of the prison. A
A. Anderson of Clifton, who held the
position under Governor Campbell in
1917 is not a candidate for reap
pointment. One avowed candidate is
C. G. Powell, prominent Florence mer
chant and republican leader of Pinal
county who has the backing of the or
ganization there. Jack White,' repub
lican candidate for state mine inspec
tor in the recent election and former
sheriff of Cochise county, has also
been mentioned.
Other appointments to be filled by
the governor are game warden, state
examiner, dairy commissioner, bee
inspector, sealer of weights and
measures, and various board mem
bers. The livestock sanitary board car
ries three important appointments.
The members under Governor Cauip-
j bell in 1917 were Ed. Johnson of
! Phoenix, Frank Moore of Rucker. Co
! chise county, and E. H. Crabb of Flag
I staff.
! A fair commis'sion and secretary
are to be chosen. Shirley Christy
; of Phoenix, successful secretary ia
I years past is said -to be the only can
: didate for appointment to the latter
1 place. 1
Other members to be chosen are:
! Ke'ents of the University, Northern
j Arizona and Tei'pe Normal schools;
medical, dental and sheep sanitary
boards, a board of education and a
director of vocational education. The
latter is chosen by the board of
education.
There are many minor appoint
ments at the prison and under the
commission cf state institutions and
tiie liv. jiock sanitary board.
The state engineer's office carries
many important appointments but
there is no hint as to the candidates
for that office and the men slated
for appointment as state engineer.
It is admitted that were Lt. Thos.
Maddock to return, he would be ten
dered reappointment to the position.
The "Casualty List"
Those appointees of Governor
Hunt who will retire from public
office when Governor Campbell
takes the oath are Cpt. Louis
Lowenthal. secretary to the gover
nor; B. M. Atwood, state engineer;
R. B. Sims, warden of the prison;
W. E Severin, veterinarian; Orville
H. Brown, superintendent of health;
Harry Rountree, state examiner; G.
M. Willard, game warden; O. N.
Bargain
and Velvet
rdaTS
Creswell. inspector of weights and
measures; P. H. Benson, dairy In
spector; A. J. Keen, custodian of the
state house; Mrs. Leroy Ladd, L. K.
Whitney, Lloyd H. Christy, members
of the couiuiissiun of state institu-.
tions; Thomas Maloney. secretary of
the commission; E. J. Trippel, super
intendent of the pioneers home; W.
A. Moody, superintendent of the In
dustrial sfhixil; A. C. Kingsley, sup
erintendent tf the ins'ine asylum;
John J. Loave, steward at the asy-
lum; Thomas French, secretary of
the prison; J. J. Sanders, parole
clerk; John T. Hughes, J. E. Chap
man, H. S. McCluskey. Mrs. T. K.
Marshall, Mrs Bettie White and Mrs.
C. M. Rolierta. regent of the Uni
versity of Arizona; Charles Woolf
and Dr. It. B. Moeur. Teir.pe Normal
board; John Hennessy and K. G. Mc
Gonigie, Northern Arizona Ncrinul
board; R. G. Brady. J. W. Morton,
L. C. Harmon, livestock sanitary
byard; Sam Bradntr. secretary of
the board; William Morstfn. L. G.
Charlebois, E. A. Sawyer, sheep sani
tary board: J. l Ie, W. H. Robin
son, commissioner of agriculture and
horticulture; Frank J. Duffy. Thcmas
Shaughnessy and C. M. Laylon. state
fair commission; Cecil Boyce, secre
tary of the commission.
Other beards which go out of of
fice are the dental examiners, board
i f embalmers. medical examiners,
beard of pharmacy, optometry board,
council of defense and secretary of
the council.
j The "work or fight" rule shows
thousands of men only went into hip-
n vl n iv co'-ajii: uiuti situ
quitting as the rule is suspended. i
An enemy alien under arrest at
1 Jerome confesses he igreed to blow
up smelter for $5000.
Phoenix: Restrictions on steel sup
plies for road construction removed.
Business Locals
NOTICE ,
All members of the order of K. of P.
are requested to attend the funeral of
Mrs. W. R. Castey, wife of Brother
Casty.
344 II. E. WOOTOOX. C. C.
Rosenbarger's Beauty Parlors
moved to Room 15 over S and 10c
store. Main street. , 20J
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee.
Bisbee Auto company, 7:45 a. in., 1:35
p. ni., 7 p. m. Phone Bisbee a. Adv.
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, 98 ilasoo
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
Adv. 231
L. L. Oilman sells the New Edison,
"The Phonograph With a Soul."
Painter and Paper Hanging
C. J. BRANDT
Box 150 Phone 456
Richard GUie, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorder.
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street, Biebee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest met ho dm.
Dr. Harriet I. Johnson
OSTEOPATHIC PHYSICIAN
Diseases of women and children a
specialty. Office over Oilman's
Jewelry Store. Phone 76S.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE IS OK ST.
RevTailoring
Department
We do our own designing and
cutting, also give you a try on be
fore garments are finished, which
assures a perfect fit. Alterations,
cleaning and pressing neatly done.
. H. MICHAELS
With Miller's Shirt and Hat Shop
Main Street. Bisbee.
lil Us Desip YOUR
Xmas. Suit!
We don't send our gar
ments out to be made, but
cut, fit and make them in
our owi. shop. We guar
tee perfect fit, original
styles and quality fabrics
at, less than prices for ready
made garments.
FRUITMAWS
" FASHION SHOP
Tailor for Men and Women
Phone 74 Main Street
Opposite Wells Fargo
r..J.j-.. .. : . . .2-r.- L- ----- m