t
WEATHER.
W 4 V
y it
-ft -ft
VOL 21, NO. 56.
HOWEVER, FRENCH ON EXTREME
SOUTH OF LINE WIN ADDITION
AL ADVANTAGES IN HILL AND
FOREST REGION BETWEEN THE
OISE AND MATZ
ULTIMATE OBJECTIVES
BATTLE LINE IN NORTH AND
CENTER STANDS VIRTUALLY
AS IT STOOD MONDAY, AL
THOUGH ALLIES HAVE BETTER
ED SELVES SLIGHTLY
UNDATED WAR LEAD, (By the As
sociated Press). Thb strength -of the
German opposition from immediately
north of the Somme river to the river
just below Roye apparently has check
ed the eastward march of the allied
troops.
German resistance has not prevent
ed the French on the extreme north
end of the line from winning additional
points of great stratepic value in the
hill and forest region between the
Oise and the Matz, where Lassigny
and Noyon are the ultimate objectives.
The capture of these places would
probably result in the forced evacua
tion by the Germas of the Noyon,
Roye, Chaulnes line and would have a
marked effect on the battle line run
ning southward past Soissons and
thence along the Vesle river.
The battle line in the north and cn
the center remains virtually as it stood
Monday, although all the allied troops
have battered their stands slightly and
taken additional prisoners. The Ameri
cans and French at last accounts still
were in the environs of Bray, north
of the river, while south of the river
the Germans continue in possession of
Chaulnes and Roye, which seemingly
they intend to defend at all hazards;
Fresh reinforcements and lar.se num
bers of guns have been brought up l;y
the enemv to aid him in his en
deavors to hold the line, which is es
sential to the safety of the German
armies now in the pocket described by
the Somme on the north and east and
the Oise on the south.
The Germans are not merely on the
defensive. At salient points here and
there they are delivering violent count
er attacks against the allies and ire
also bombarding fiercely the rear
areas.
Notwithstanding the enemv's efforts,
Chaulnes is receiving a mighty visi
tation of shells from the allied guns,
and Roye has been so encrouched upon
that it is now under a heavy cross
fire from both the north and south,
seemingly both towns ultimately must
be evacurted. An added danger to
Roye is the fact that the French are
knocking at the door of Lassigny.
about seven miles to the south and
also are pressing forward eastward
toward Novon in a wedge driving man
euvers which not only is outflanking
Roye bt brining Noyon daily nearer
the ranee of the big guns.
Unofficial reports say the Germans,
fearing capture ii the pocket between
Rove and the Oise. already are re
treatine alone the Oise vrIW toward
Ncyon and tf the str.teuents should
prove -i,o it J., not rmlikelv that the
entire German battle line to the north
will gjvp war in unison --- dat pvn
there mnr he. readjustment of he
eppmv front from So'ssono to Rheini".
Far to the no-th from. vre to Al
bert there has been considerable ac
tivity on the part of the Bri'ish an1
i-'rench. fores aaainst the (""'main.
The latest n'imi communication in
serts that all the attacks were re
pulsed. On the Vesle river the Germans "
nttacks aeainst Fismetto. wM'-h is
held hv the Americans and rVench, pre
said to have driven thp allies to the
southern bank of the river. A eoun-
fPontinned on Vae Two)
HUN CLINGS ON
(n- P.evlew Ignited Wlrt-i
P It R N C II HEADQUARTERS IN
FRANCE. Aug. 13 (Noon-Reuters).
In the French sector the. dominant
factor is the desperate energy with
which the enemy is clinging to the
western and southern edges of Thies
court and the hills filling the space be
tween Lassigny and the Oise, which
GERMANS USE
(tty Review I,en.el Wire)
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY ON
THE VESLE FRONT. Aug. 13 (By The
Associated Press). The exchange of
high explosive shells, shrapnel and gas
projectiles on the front held by the
Americans between Soissons and I
Rheims is taking place. Another Inef- j
fectual stab has been made at Fismet- j
te by the Germans. This occurred last,
night. Today has been comparatively!
quiet. The front and back areas ol I
GERMAN OPPOSITION IS
INCREASINGLY STRONG
STAYING OUR PROGRESS
i.
2ite mum
1 1
FRENCH TRANSPORT IS SUNK
BY TORPEDO WITH A
LOSS OF 442 MEN
(By Review Leased Wire)
PARIS, Aug. 13. Four hundred
and forty-two men are missing as
a result of the torpedoing cf the
French steamer Djemnah in the
Mediterranean the nij;ht of July 14
15 while bound from Bizerta to
Alexandria with troops on board,
according to an official announce
ment tonight. Fotr days later the
rVench steamer Australian also was
tordoed in the Mediterranean.
REGAIN COSTLY
CONQUERED LAND
- - . -
In Three Weeks Allies Have
Wreiied From Hun Ground
That Cost Him Months and
Many Men
WITH THE FRENCH ARMY IN
FRANCE, Aug. 13 (By The Asso
ciated Press). The French contin
ued their vigorous assaults on the
Thiescourt plateau taking two more
mportant positions which are keys
tot he plateau the Ecuvillon and
5t. Claude farms. The Germans are
filling the numerous ravines and
mtreAa w1tl rti 1 1 c 1 a rA rrn a 11 n d Venn-
ing up a heavy machine gun fire in
j trying to cling to the parts of the
j heights they still hold
WITH THE FRENCH ARMY IN
FRANCE, Aug. 13 (By The Associated
Press). The situation since the bat
tle of the Avre shows a change wfilch
for rapidity and extent has rarely been
approached in military history. Mar
shal Foch's strategy and the master
ly tactics have in three weeks wrested
from the Germans what required four
months for them to obtain at a cost
variously estimated at' from 700,000
to 1,000.000 men.
The immediate results of the count
er offensives which will have the
greatest bearing on subsequent oper
ations are the clearing of the Chateau
Thierry pocket, ending the menace to
Epemay and Paris; the liberation of
Montdidier, ending the menace to
Amiens- the freeing of the important
eastern railroad line from Paris to
Chelones and the equally important
northern line from Paris to Amiens,
restoring to the allies means of com
munication whic h give them enormous
ly greater ease in future movements of
troops. The successes render impos
sible any rupture of the line which
would separate the French armies of
the center from those of the east, or a
rupture of the junction between the
French and British. The most disas
trous consequence to the Germans
aside from the heavy losses they sus
tained in men and material is the col
lapse of their plan to drive wedges into
the allied lines and the subsequent
widening and joining which would
have threatened general dislocation
Marshal Foch's strategy in reducing
the salient wedges wrested the initia
tive in operations from the Germans,
at once obliging them either to order
a general retreat to a strong line such
as the Somme. pr to engage reserves.
The enemy adopted the second alter
native which, having failed, makes
eventual retirement immensely more
(Continued on Page Four)
DESPERATELY
constitute t.he pillar of General Von
Htitier's right wing.
On these edges the French hold
Cury. Marcuil. La Motte and Canny-Sur-Matz.
At short distance north oT
Canny is the Pois Des Loges. Along
this line the enemy has established
himself in his 1H trenches and is
fighting his hardest.
MUCH SHELL
both sides along the Vesle are being
reached by shell fire but there has
been no alteration in the lines.
Th Germans are digging in but not
in such a manner as to Indicate an in
tention to remain permanently. Re
ports of observers show it is probably
their Intention to fieht off the Franco
Americans only until they can consol
idate their scattered organizations and
make a withdrawal over the Alt.ne in
order they fashion.
FRENCH-BRITISH
THE BISBEE DAILY
MARINE "COMMANDER
GETS SILVER STAR
Colon l1 Cyrus Radford.
Colom'l Cyrus Rac'ford of the
U. S. yiar'fm Corpi lias just been
promoted tv'the rank of brigadier
Kencral, aceard'n.T to official dis
patches. Ho was one of the officers
in charge of the Marines who fought
eo brilliantly at Chateau-Thierry re
cently. General Racford has long;
been prominent in the Marines
through his elliiccnt work as active
head of the depot supplies at Phila
delphia. Under his direction the
cepot took care that the Marines
were never without equipment.
F
TELLS HUNS TO
E
German High Command Lays
Stress on Necessity of Con
. serving Manpower in Their
Operations ,
WITH THE T.RITISH ARMY IN I
FRANCE, Aug. 13, (I3y the Associated
Press.)-A captured enemy secret or-
, , , .
der signed "Ludcndorfr lays stress
on the necessity of economizing men.
The order asserts that tne two ele-1
nients essential to the future conduct I
of the war are to -maintain every
where our fighting strength and the
spirit of offensive."
The captured document was issued
late in June. j
'It is essential," says the order,
"that all commanders of whatever j
rank, as well as all troops, Bhould be
immediately imbued with the idea that
the war cannot be won by a stubborn
defense, but only by a further succes
sion of vigorous attacks. These at
tacks, however, cannot lead to victory
unless we adhere to and improve on
the methods of warfare adopted in the j
recent offensives.
The order then goes on to say that i
everywhere under the well tried prin
ciples of the manual of infantry train
ing in war and the additions made by
the high command, namely. Von Hin
denburg and Ludendorff, success had
been gained at small cost. It cites as
an example the operations southwest
of Noyon from June 9 onward.
"Not only is there a probability of
)
I ' - 4 1
LUDENDORF
AV
FORCES
obtaining other successes by theselas wa8 ro, sumnanne, oecreiary
methods but also the situation in re- Daniels said today he believed the re
gard to reinforcements compels us to Port as given by the commandant of
perfect them still further." the order ! tnB roa!t guard station was correct,
continues. ' It is absolutely essential ! It was accepted bv the commandant
that we should avoid our old fault of j of the sixth naval district. Mr. Daniels
attacking in too dense formations and j saiI- before transmitting it to the de
we should reduce our casualties by i partment.
every possible means. The necessity
holds ecjually good for the defensive
fronts. The divisions must do their
utmost to reduce casualties to the ab-
solute minimum by a distribution in
depth and the creation, of extended
outpost zones.
"Notwithstanding instructions," the
order points out, "too much attention
still is paid to the possession of
ground, the holding or retaking of por -
tions of trenches, villages and woods,
and to fighting for points whose only
value is that of prestige. Now, more
(Continued on Pace Two)
PREPARE
(Tly Review I .en sod Wire)
WASHINGTON, Aug. 13 With
a bread work or fight amendment
designated to prevent strikes ntul
a provision for education of youths
under 21 serving in the military or
naval service at government ex
pense after the war, the adminis
tration manpower bill extending
draft ages so as to Include all men
between IS and 45 years of age.
was ordered favorably reported to
day by the senate military com
mittee. Chairman Chamberlain plant to
report tlio bill next Thursday and
Associated Press Special Leased Wire
REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 14, 1918.
CABINET IN
5FS5II1H AH
"1 ULUU1UI1 VII
1 nunii Amiirn
OUDI'IMIMLO
1 .
i UNUSUALLY PROLONGED MEET
ING YESTERDAY IN WHICH SUB
JECT WAS TALKED OVER BUT
NOT MADE PUBLIC IF ANY NEW
PLANS FOR COMBATTING THEM
NORSE SHIP TORPEDOED
ENGINE OF DESTRUCTION CIR
CLED SHIP, MISSING FIRST TIME
THEN COMING BACK STRIKING
IT AMIDSHIPS; FISHING CREWS
REACH SHORE SAFELY
VASIIINGTON, Am;. 13. T:ie
stcvrn'T Henry F. KeVogg has been
torpedoi d by a German submarine
oi tne .New jersev coa'ii, accor.i-
oi tne .New jersev uaii,
in-; to a report rl.t-ivod
ni-'lit by th? navy p.irtiii
Inte to-
nient. No
d tai;s were available, but it was
rr.;iu:ned the Etcamer. still was
afloat.
WASHINGTON, Alg. 13. German
submarine raids in American waters
were understood to i have been dis
cussed today at an unusually prolong
ed session of the catinet, but if any
new plans for combatting this menace
were fornrulated it was not disclosed.
The only report of the activities of
the raiders reaching the navy depart
ment during the day told of the de
struction of the Norwegian steamer
Sommerstad, yesterday morning, twen-
i ty-five miles southeast of Fire Island,
N. Y. Captain Hansen and his crew
of thirty men were landed by a naval,
patrol boat which found them at sea
in small boats ten hours after the
steamer went down.
Destruction of the Sommerstad by a
torpedo which passed under the ship's
bow and later circled and struck the
vessel amidships gave rife to a sugges
tion that the torpedo w'a- controlled by
radio on the submarine, but this was
ridiculed by naval experts. They ex
plained that the course of a torpedo
is regulated by the gyroscope, which
can be so set before discharge that the
will describe a circle This
has been done time and again during
torpedo practice in the American navy
so as to return the weapon to the ship
discharging it, and it has not been an
uncommon thing for torpedoes fired by
German submarines to take similar
courses.
With the torpedo's steering gear set
R0 the weapon will run in a circle, it
becomes almost doubly effective, naval
officers explained, for if it misses the
nhioct when sneedine on its outward
cur;!e th. nossibiiitv remains that
it will strike after it turns about, a
possibility that is increased if the ship
attacked goes full speed ahead as the
Sommerstad did. No additional re
ports on the depth bomb attack by an
' A ti opia r r1ou(invoii nn a enhmarino
;ff " h vlrBJnIa coast have reached
,. .,,,,. wi, . ..,
.... J.. .at tt
j Sunday after gas from oil supposed to
i have been discharged from a subma-
i rine overcame six men in the coast
guard station and lighthouse on
i Smith's island. North Carolina, Sat
urday evening.
While most naval experts accept
with great reserve the theory thai the
CREW REACHES SAFETY
NANTUCKET, Mass.. Aug. 13. Th i
crew of six men of the Sword fishing '
' schooner Cruiser who were though to j
j have lost their lives when their craft i
was sunk by a German submarine in j
1 George's banks Saturday afterdnoon, .
were brought in here today. They row-'
ed for ISO mile,s in their domes be- j
; fore they were rescued off Great
Round Shoal lighthouse, six miles ofr
this island.
The men from the Cruiser said they
.(""ontlnued on Pac Two)
WORK-FIGHT LAW
to take up its consideration In the
senate next Monday, cutt'ng short
the senate vacation recess period
by a week.
The hill is framed to enahle the
natir-i to increase its war pro
gram in accordance with an under
standing reached with the nllies.
About l.l.ono.OnO men would be
registered under the new law and
PruviiM Marshal General Crowd
T estimates 2."!'S,O0i) men be
tween ages of IS and 20 and
and 4T will be available at once.
Action by the cenimiltee fol
lowed about a week's considera
tion. During that time Secretary
Baker, General March and Gen
yJsX
Service
WHERE RP.ITISII AND
'V, CW
O jf . VALCNOCNNCS
A & 1 '"X
$ARW3jlV rWUSOXiE '
CZ. VLMO!TDlDlt!l r2
The recent surprise night attack of the British and French forces
apainst the Germans netted a pain of as much as eight miles along" a
twenty-mile front, returning that much more ground to the allies. Figure
1 in the map indicates the territory taken. Some idea of the force of the
blow can be obtained by comparing the amount of ground covered with the
territory retaken by the French and Americans in eliminating the Soissons
Rheims salient, indicated by fieure 2. The arrow pointing to figure 2 in
dicates where Americans are now fighting between the Vesle and the Aisne
and are giving the Germans a taste of their own medicine by employni?
machine guns in great numbers in pouring led into the Huns. According;
to reports no American troops participated in the Franco-British plunge,
as the bulk of the American had been removed from that sector soma
! weeks ago. ,
COAL CONSUMERS MAY BE RATIONED
IN THIS DISTRICT MEETING CALLED
(Pv Review Lensed wirv,
DENVER, COLO- AUG. 13 WITH A REPORTED DECREASE IN
THE JULY COAL OUTPUT FROM COLORADO MINES, RATIONING OF
CONSUMERS IN THIS DISTRICT THIS WINTER MAY BE CONSIDERED
WHEN FUEL ADMINISTRATORS OF TWELVE STATES IN THE
ROCKY MOUNTAIN REGION MEET AUGUST 26 IN DENVER. THE
MEETING HAS BEEN CALLED BY THE FEDERAL FUEL ADMINIS
TRATION. STATES WHICH WILL BE REPRESENTED ARE: NEW
MEXICO, MISSOURI, UTAH, ARIZONA, ARKANSAS, IOWA, KANSAS,
NEBRASKA, OKLAHOMA, TEXAS, WYOMING AND COLORADO.
RECOGNITION
OF STATUS OF
Great Britain Issues Note to
Russia Recognizing Armies
of Patriots as Forces of
Entente Allies
LONDON. Aug. 13. It is reportel
from Moscow by way oT Herlin that
the entente diplomatic representatives
have handed a note to War Minister
Trotzky demanding within three davs
an explanation of Premier Lenine's
threat that Russia would declare w.ir
"aga'nst Anglo-French imperialism."
It was reported Mondav that Pre
niier l.enlne and War Minister Trotzkv
bad fled from Moscow to the naval
strong bold of Kronstndt and that the
Bolshevikl government wouH fo'low
them there. Owing to the difficulties
of communicating with Russia it seems
nrobaMe that 'he above dispatch has
been delaved in triinsft and refers to
the event of several days ago.
CALLS THEIR BLUFF
WASH'VRTnv. ur. 13. Reports
throne Perl"" that allied diplomats
have demanded an emlanation n' a
threat bv Lenfne. Polsheviki nremir.
of n declaration of war nealnst !he
Allies, are assumed here to refer to
the action of American nd al'ied ion
n's in riiHn in body Auenst t on
Teh'tchPrln. the forc-ipn commissioner
at Moscow.
The onsuls. nfter belni? fold b" !.
nine tht stato of wr existed be
tween tJiissta nn,l he allies, demanded
an explanation. Thev were told that
(Continued on rage Four)
eral Crowder appeared to explain
the Imperative necessity for ex
tending the draft ages and to urge
prompt action.
The work or fight amendment
will be offered by Senator Reed
of Missouri as a substitute for one
presented by Senator Thomas of
Colorado. It provides that "when
any person shall have been placed
in deterred or exempted class."
he shall "not be entitled to remain
therein unless he shall In good
faith continue while physically
able to do so to work and follow
such occupation." Should he fail
to do this he would become sub
ject to Immediate draft.
CZ ECHO-SLOVAK
FRENCH STRUCK BLOW
JJW I hum
TO BE TAXED
Proprietors of All Businesses
and Professional Men Must
Pay $10 Per Year Federal
license
(Ry Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Aug. 13. Pro
prietors of all businesses and pro-
ftssional men with only a few ex
ceptions will pay an annual federal
license of $10, and hcad3 of whole
sale concerns doing a yearly busi
ness of $200,000 or more will be
required to pay an annual iee of
$25, according to a schedule in
serted today in the draft of the
revenue bill by the house ways
and means committee. Farmers,
mechanics, ministers and teach
ers will be exempted from the
$10 occupational tas as will con
cerns doing an annuai business of
less than $2.0'0. Secretary Me
Adoo will appear be.'ore the com
mittee tomorrow in support of the
treasury plan for new excess prof
Its and alternative war profits
taxes. Members of the commit
tee at the close of today's ses
sion said the bill would be readv
to presnt when the house reas
sembled Mondav.
Chairman Kitchen, in announcing
the hill wonla provide for all of the
$8,000,000,000 originally al'otted in he
raised by taxation, made this statcv
ment-
"Tndav we put a ten Per cent ;x
on all tewelrv composed wholly or
partly of platinum. In addition to the
ten ner cent manufacturer's tax on all
forms of iewelrv as alresdv screed to.
"The committee adopted an occ
patlonal tax. There is no der!nt est!
mate yet as t how much it wil' raise
the revenue. Under the plan adont'd.
the proprietors nf any concern rtoin
business of $2,000 a vear or more, will
pav $10 annual tax nnd whole
sale ronrerrs do'ng business of
t20p.000 or more will bav to par a
tsx of ?s nion" slml'ar lines. This
does not nnplv to clerks or mplive8
of concerns, nor to salaried men.
Farmers clergymen, school teachers
and mechanics plso are exempted.
"The income far was amended o
r tii r.mvlde 'or ravment 'n Canadi.
or In anv foreign ronntrv of the taxes
on in.-emos in those conn-e. hv AmT
Jce rlH-or-s or corporations
"We discussed the question of al-
(Continued on Ta6 Four)
OCCUPATIONS
NOW PROPOSED
Wed. partly cloudy,
local showers; Thurs
generally fair, warmer
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FIRST YANK
COMPLETED
GENERAL PERSHING INFORMS
SECRETARY BAKER OFFICIALLY
THAT FIELD ARMY IS READY
FOR ANY DUTY THAT MAY FALL
TO ITS LOT IN THE FUTURE
MEANS 1,250,000 MEN
PROBABLY HOLD LINE VERDUN
TO SWISS BORDER, THROUGH
WHICH STROKE AT GERMAN
TERRITORY MUST BE PUSHED
IN ALLIED OFFENSIVE
WASHINGTON, Aug. 13. Sec
retary Baker was formally advised
today by General Pershing that
the first American field army had
been created. General Pershing
retaining command of the army
as well as oi the entire Ameri
can expeditionary force for tne
present.
Formation of the army is taken
here to mean that the American
ization of r. definite portion o
the front has been completed. The
only statement of the location of
this American front given is that
it is "south of the Marne." Pre
sumably this means a part, at
least, of the long line from St.
Mihiel to the Swiss border, where
American troops have been put in
at intervals during the last fev
months.
The extent of that front has not
been disclosed, nor has the detinue
strength of th army been given, roe
advices indicate that it comprisos,
however, five full corps, which mews
approximately 1.250,000 men.
The effect of the taking over of the
line is to make a definite beginning at
apportioning the long front. The Brit
ish bold the left flank, aided by the
Belgians from the North Sea to too
putictk'n of tke British fourth army
and the f.rench first army in Picardy.
In thai position the British stand
between fhe enemy and the channel
ports which would be his only road to
England while the British fleet ex
ists. The French armies presumably are
being concentrated wholly between the
Picardy junction with the British and
the American left beyond Verdun.
They block the road to Paris.
To the Americans will fall the re
mainder of the front to the Swiss bor
der, when the other American armies
shall have been formed.
The first army undoubtedly now
holds the bulk of that line, with such
French help as is necessary. The
whole line probably l-i under General
Pershing's direct command.
From the five temporary corps com
manders. General Pershing probably
will select the commander of the Iirt
army. Opinion here is his choice wiil
be Major General Hunter Iiggett, no-v
commanding the first corps on h
Vesle front.
General" Liggett'a corps probably '.'
(ContInu. on Pa Two)
HAYWOOD CONCLUDES
WOBBLY TRIAL
AFTER FOUR DAYS UNDER
GRUELLING DURING WHICH I.
W. W. HEAD MADE POOR SHOW
ING, OTHERS PUT UNDER QUIZ
IN ANTI-WAR CASES
T- Review 1 Wire)
CHICAGO. Aug. 13. After four days
on the witness stand. Wm P. Hay-
jwood. general secretary-treasurer or
, the I. W. W. concluded ills testimony
j today at the trial of 100 officials of
I the organization charged with consplr
!acy to interfere with the government
;in its conduct of the war.
i He was followed on the stand by Ed
jward Robbing, recently socialist candi
:date for mayor of Scranton. Pa., who
! told of a speech made tn that city by
i Albert Prashner. a defendant. Septem
ber . 1917. in which he declared that
Germany was responsible for starting
.the war.
II. J. Kane. Miami. Ariz., another
'defendant testified regarding Uie I. W.
V. strike in the Arizona copper mines
last summer and emphatically denied
that the trouble was chie to a desir
of the officials to interfere with the
government's war plans.
Charles H. McKlnnon. Coldfleld. Ne
vada, brother-in-law of Haywood, and
a defendant, related his experience in
I. W. W. strikes in various mining dis
tricts of the west.
It is expected the defense will close
Its case by the end of this week and
the case given the Jury within ten
days.
ARMY -NO V J"
- ' - L mm , i-ww-M.a-ftvri ' " .t-- . ..xf. - - - --
TWb
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 14, 1918.
BOLT IS UNDER
ARREST NOW AS
INMECI
Main Arrested Both Here and
In Douglas May Belong to
Wobbly-German Sabotage
Clique
John Bolt, a German arrested here
several months ago in connection with
alleged activities as an I. V. V. or
ganizer but later dismissed, only to
be arrested at Douglas, when a bottie
ot nitroglycerine was louiid in his pos
session, is now under arrest at Ajo.
Inquiries received from there male
fh:r Hfiir'a apppsf followed susninniii
actions on his part aoout the leaching
plant 01 xsew lorneua, to mcn uc
endeavored to -gain entrance twice aft
er ha baa gene oil' his Bhiit, being slop
ped both times and on his third at
tempt placed under arrest. Subse
quent investigation gave rise to the ie
hef that a German agent had been tak
en in custody in Uie person of licit
and that his activities Uae had to do
with sabotage along lines prescribed
in almost luenlical terms in buiu the
German and the I. W. W. codes.
Bolt bad been at work at Cornelia
nearly three weeks betore arrested.
He went to the property from Tucson
with credentials from a Tuctoii fian
which has been acting as a federal em
ployment agency and with these cre
dentials was immediately accepted.
It is the present theory ot the of
ficers that Bolt has been in action
with the sabotage division of the 1. V.
W. In Arizona tor some time and was
detailed to Ajo to carry out destruc
tive work there. Close watch kept
over all of the properties and plants
of producing mines in the slate since
the declaration ot war has prevented
the doing of important damage at
these, except the fire which destroyed
the mill at Mammoth and tire that
wiped out the Golccuda mill, but there
has been a considerable amount of
small breakage about mills and
smelters which it has been possible
to attribute only to sabotage carried
out by floating workers of Uie type of
Bolt.
'lnat their work has not when op
portunity afforded been without threat
to the life of workers was evidenced
by recent report from San Fraucuco
of the discharge of explosives conceal
ed in scrap iron shipped from Douglas.
When Bolt was arrested at the latter
place with nitroglycerine In his pos
session he set up the claim that he
had the explosive for the purpose of
doing work on a mining claim and suc
ceeded in securing his release.
HUN OPPOSITION
STRONG, STAYING
OUR PROGRESS
(Continued from Paye' Ons)
ter attacks resulted in the reoccupa
tion of the village.
The Czecho-Slovakjj In Russia, who
are opposing the Boishevikl element,
have been formally recognized by
Great Britain as an allied nation and
their armies as an allied force waging
war against the Teutonic allies.
EMPEROR CHARLES EXPECTED
AMSTERDAM, Aug. 13 Emperor
Charles of Austria, with Baron Buriaa,
Austro-Hungarian foreign minister.
Prince Von Hohenlohe, Austrian am
bassador at Berlin, and Count Von
Wedcl, German ambassador at Vienna
are expected at German main head-
quarters tomorrow to discuss all pend
ing questions, according to Berlin ad-.
uvea bu luc L fjdkuug.
GERMAN OFFICIAL
Ij.kl.ix, via London, Aug. 13.
Thft German official rnmmiinlrAMnn I
issued today follows:
"Southwest of . Ypres early in the
morning there was violent artillery
fighting. Under our fire enemy at
tacks were unable to develop. South
of Merrig frequently repeated English
partial attacks were repulsed. There
was forefield fighting -on both sides of
La Bassee canal and between the
Scaipe and Ancre rivers.
'On the battle field between the
Ancre and the Avre the morning was
quieter.
"South of the Sonime the enemy at
tacked m the afternoon on both sides
of the Roman road running from Fou
cancourt to Villers-Bretonneux. He
was repulsed.
"North of the Awiens-Koye road we
drove back strong enemy attacks in
the evening. Between the Avre and the
Oise there was violent fighting dur
ing the day with partially fresh
brought up French divii-ons. Strong
forces attacked In the morning south
of the Avre as well as between Tillcly
and north of Ellincourt. They col-
t tar p. H
How often has an attack of indigestion interfered
with your work or sjioilcd your pleasure? Good health
15 mostly a matter of sound digestion. Whenever you
are troubled by dyspepsia, flatulence, sour eructations,
sick headache, biliousness or constipation, take Beech
am' s Pills. They quickly and effectively correct digestive
disturlunces, stimulate the supply of gastric juice and
one
D W-ioi of Special Value to Worwn r with F-vcrv Box.
Ly tu;;i.ts throughout tlie -orld. In Uo-e, 10c, 25c
lansed ' before our. line. At isolated
points we repulsed them by counter
I h rusts . '
"Between' Tillcly and Canny and j
west and southwest of Lassigny the j
enemy continned his attacks until
late in the evening. South of Tillo'.y (
on five occasions weak forces were
tarut forward from the region of the j
Matz. We drove the enemy back and
verv freouently his attacks were held
up by our concentrated artillery fire.
"North and east of Fismes local un
dertaking was successful. It resulted
in prisoners being brought in.
"Yesterday twenty-nine enemy air
planes were shot down."
EVENING AIR OFFICIAL
LONDON. Auk. 13 The official com
municatlon dealing with aviation is
sued this evening says:
"Work in the air was actively car
ried on in all its branches August 12.
Thirty hostile machines were brought
down and seven driven down out of
control. One German balloon was
shot down in flames.
"Forty-live tons of bombs were
dropped by us during the twenty-four
hours, the Peronne and Cambrai sta
tions being heavily assailed.
"Twelve of our airplanes are miss-
j'n8
BRITISH AIR OFFICIAL
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. A"g. 13 An official com-
j muntcation issued tonight by the a:r
ministry says:
"On the nisht of August 12-13 our
machines attacked a hostile aidronie
and trains, antiaircraft batteries and
searchlights and other grotiad targets.
All our machines returned safely.
'On the 13th the hostile airdrome
at Buhl was attacked.
"In the course o the fighting in (he
air one hostile machine was bi-cng'it
down In flames and fe'.l inside our
lines. All our machines returned saft
lyV BRITISH OFFICIAL
'On- the battle front, except for
somewhat increased hostile artillery
activity, the day has passed compara
tively quiet. We have captured a tew
prisoners at different points.
Ou the remainder of the British
front some raiding and patrol activity
is reported, south cf the Scarpe,
northeast of Itobecq and in the neigh
borhood of Vieux-Berquin.
"The number of prisoners captured
by the French first army and the Bri
tish fourth army since the morning
of the eighth instant exceeds 2S.0(u).
Among them are 800 officers, includ
ing eight regimental commanders. In
the same period these armies have
taken about 600 German guns, includ
ing many guns of heavy caliber and
also several thousand machine guns
and also numerous trench mortars
which have not yet been counted.
"The material captured includes
three complete trains and vast stock3
of engineering and other stores."
LUNDENDORFF
TELLS HUNS TO
SAVE FORCES
(Continued from rage On)
than ever, divisions in the line dur
ing hostile attacks, large or small,
must if possible employ elastic avoid
ance even on so-called unhealthy
fronts."
The order is frank in explaining
that, because of the reduced German
strength, it frequently will be impos
sible to hold continuous trench linos.
The document warns commanders that
should the enemy obtain a foothold
within the German lines they must
consider carefully whether a counter
attack is necessary.
Another captured order informs the
German regiments that they must pro
vide the town defenses against low
flying allied airplanes as the German
aircraft resources are so low that they
cannot be expected to fight offr the
enemy while they are engaged "on
reconnaisance work."
The value that the Germans placed
on ground that they have lost is seen
in a captured order signed by General '
Von Huticr, drawing attention to the 1
! difficulties in Germany s economic
gituation and calling on his troops to
....;.. i nrf..jn ii ,.nCDfKU n.l;..r
, assist in affording all possible relief
in regard to food supplies. The order
dated before the opening of the pres
ent allied offensive begins by ruling
that not a scrap of food or forage,
beyond ration limitations shall be con
sumed The. document admits the ra
tion are "lacking in variety" and calls
on the troops to "exploit the occupied
territory thereby relieving the home
land from sending us supplies." It
warns Uie commanders to pay no at
tention to demands of their men for
"more or better" rations, adding:
"The intelligence of the soldier must
be aroused by the word and example
of their leaders to understand the re
striction and the self denial necessary
to bring the war to victorious end
and bring about a German peace."
The order says:
"Now aud during the coming weeks
the craps on the territory occupied
and conquered must be harvested.
Vast stretches of land and huge lieids
under good cultivation, promise us a
1 icii uarvcHi. ji huus exireiiie meu
sures must be taken &:id that it must
TT7 T-t
Stomach
THE WONDERS OF NATURE VS. WAR'S INFERNO
Z?P&Z SOME SMOKE fWrn M,
VOLCANO : Jjyf
'jIMNKTtQNftL GEOGRAPHIC SOCIETY XPlORfiS " S5"
'MF REPORTED TO MVE REACHED NAKNEK-SOdE -k b&
MERE UP IN ALASKA-WHERE TAEYMLl JREND THE v:'WlV
VJ INTER OBSERVING AND DISCOVERING PHENOMENA &?4ZVZs'MfM rUJ
I OF THi "VALLEY OF TEN THOUSAND SMOKES l'Mhr-' " " '
JIND MOUNT KATNAt THE LARGEST ACTWE Aiif '-r,r
VOLCANO N THE VJORLD NEWS ITEM - 'r&;rZih?f 4 -" 8
WHILE ALONG THE 50ISS
IN FRANCE -ACTIVE VOLCANOES BY TAB
THOUSMDS AND VflL LEYS OF A MILLON
SMOKES ARE DRILY OCCUAANCES
be remembered m allotting the billet-
lug ul luc aicaD 11 buuuiu iv 1 : uiut; bu
us to overcome the labor shortage. In
other words, the units that were rest
ing were to have robbed the lands ot
crops planted by the French peasants.
In tnis connection, it was ordered tliat rrt.anied as the mobile reserve of tne '
"every available man must be u.sed j lirs; army. Should aspresaive opera-
without reserve. For example, tnultions he undertaken 011 the Am?rlc:m !
higher staff orderlies and servants
must go into the grain fields au.l form
themselves into special working par
ties." ,
In conclusion the order specified
that the first work of tne German sol
diers shouid be devoted 10 the hay
crop. The next task was to take an
inventory of all Ue agricultural
chinery and prepare it tor use for "the
coming harvest." Now, however, a
large portion of theae growing and un-
harvested crops , as well as a consider -
able amount of agricultural machin -
ery, has been taken by the allied
forces. This section of France is a
most productive wheat area and its
loss to the Germans is a serious mat
ter because of their lack of this grain
in their rations."
FERDY IS DEPRESSED
fHy Review I;me1 Wire)
GENEVA. Aug. 13. The German
newspapers say that King Ferdinand
of Bulgaria, who is at Nauheim, fre
quently is seen in tears and appears
greatly depressed. A German mental
expert lias been sent to Nauheim from
Berlin by order ol Kmperor Vilii4111.
SEND OUT PROPAGANDISTS !
(By Review Ix-rifcl Wire) '
LONDON, Aug. 13. neuter's agenc y ,
says it learns from a well informed j
source that the Austrian government 1
source that the Austrian gt
is sending a deputation of
selected 1
pro-German Swedish journalists to 1
berbia to attempt (o prove tj the
world that the treatment of the people
of Serbia is entirely satisfactory.
Wit
U The Prcg'ram
Nowadays
Is to Save !
Grape-Nuts food
fits in fine with this
idea. No fuel re
quired to prepare;
no sugar needed;
there's no waste;
and the use of bar
ley, in its making,
conserves wheat.
Grape-Nuts
is economical, nour
ish inland delicious.
Try a package.
to.
ONS ;RHEIMS SALIENT
; FIRST YANK ARMY
NOW COMPLETED
(Continued from Pace One)
! iroiu ihis probably
I there.
would be used
meriean sector includes what
has been considered the loi-
! Hi,. .
I alreadv
ca, road to Peilin. It was across lines
nw held by Americans
that the
iTtiKh iitruek in 1314
before tnd
plunge f the German army through
ma-,neisii.m loea:i2d the war in northern
1 France.
i The c inp:,i'?u In I'icardy and at the
j Maine are itiihed at forcing the enemy
1 biuk until the opportunity conies to
! drive back at him and it is regarded
I by oiTicers here that it will be over tne
American lines that the real thrust
at Germany will be driven home.
I STRIKE IN MONTEVIDEO
j (T;v Review Ixased Wire)
I aiON'TEVUJiSO. Aug. 13. Strikers
I estimated to number 15,fli0, assembieu
j in tl; Plaza ludepencia late this after-
110011 and delivered fiery' speeches in
which ihe name of the president of
: the republic was frequently mention
; od. Cavalry aUumplcd to disperse the
i gathering and, was fired on by the
I strikers. The cavalry men returned
j the fire. No reports as to the num-
ber of casualties have been received
The general, strike which has been eorps and beca--.se it gives me nn op
in r.iogiess hcije for several days is pa- j ,,(,rt,mity to express to you and
ruljziiir. cmm'Tcc, especially trade by through you to the medical profession
sea. Today the;iort workers and pack-jmy rteei) appreciation of the splendid
ing hi!iM5 employes joined the strik-1 s( rv(ce w hich the whole profession has
ers, resulting in the stoppage of meat rendered to the nation with great en
shipments to allied nations. Numer-; thusiasm from the beginning of the
ous Lusii'ess houses have closed as a j present emergency."
re.-i:lt of the strike. The scarcity or j -
food supplies in the city is becoming j 28,003 PRISONERS AND
serious.
CANADIANS TAKE PART
LON'liON, Ailf. H (via .Montreal)
Sir Kdwxrd Kemp, overseas minister
of lie m-litia forces of Canada, hat:
issued the following official statement
I regarding the worK;ng oi the Canadian
i cavalry and machine gun brigade in
i the i resent offensive:
j "The cavalry broke through one gap
; in the Geni-ini lines so rapidly that
i they raptured a brigade .head'i'.iarters
' intact, gaining valuable information as
;to tin; disposition of troops and taking!
, hundreds of prioners. Having instill i- j
rent men - to take these prisoners!
back, an officer ordered Ihe lu'ter to;
pnxeed along unarmed to the advanc-;
j 'iij; infantry. TJ.e prisom rs obeyed.)
1 forming an extraordinary procession of i
i 'hands up' along the
' road.
Amiens-Koyc
i "iiet-Aeen Mezic re :-nd l.eaurourt a!
! lono pri'::ier sl.uutcd to t'.e cavalry i
captain to take the neighboring vi!-'
lage, where the bri.rade headiiuarters ;
, was Kituat'-d. The s'iuadrtm stamped
ed the horses of the enemy and j
! bombed his dugouts. The frightened;
: brigadier and his staff emerged, stir i
' I'ClldriillK. - , j
"Three snipers who were skirting
' the hill expecting to meet their own
sii'iaiir.m encuentr red lif'y Ceriaans
with machine guii3. All took cover,
but cue r'-liirn-il to .varn t lie sqiiad
r' ii. Tl':i i : 1;-r tv. ;j, swiftly fl;aiiging
their !i.i:-i:-( us. -.ii.e'i the enemy I .
t'l i.k ( ho pii-.i;ir.i, was itronsly held.
One ir-.ioper acoeuntcil ler twenty C r-in;-iis.
At the cr-tiral mom -iit when
lb - tr.iiuy ni-li-.i the p;.!la'it cau;,e
,i !.c ijv.,!iy -la-; ! ,1 rp. l.il!::-A all. Tlx
Canadi:!t ain.i n il enrs and tankj alsi
iii:l eiell,nt v.ork."
KING AT FRONT
. . i . .1 e "t
'!
AiMV HtALVlWin Eh.
'.N ;-r.O"':r:. Am;. 1Z tH;-as Kin
Ctorr.o, v,Lo aiiivej im a-.-cral days
a.:o before the offensive began, has
1 ft the front. He visited Amiens and
Vil ers-Bretonniux. He bestowe.i sev
eral decoration., notably the .treat
cross of the Bath on Generals Hyng
and 1'lumer. The king also visited thu
American and French troops and con
grctuhiU'd them warm:)'.
D-irliiK his tour King George met the
r.clgian sovereign, President i'cincaire.
1 Marshal Hoeh. General l'etalu ani
j General Pershing,
1
WILSON EXPRESSES THE
NATION'S GRATITUDE YO
THE MEDICAL PROFESSION
(By Review leased Wire) I
WASIJI.VGTOX. Auk. 13. President
H'ilsrm in a letter, to Dr. Franklin Mar- !
tin. chair'iiuu of the general medical j
board or the council of national de-!
fense, made public tonight, expressed !
his appreciation of the service being j
rendered the ration at this time by
the medical profession. The president I
in his letter Approves' t he establish
ment of a volunteer medical reserve
corps to include all physicians who j
because of age, physical disability, do
pf ndents and essential home needs ar0
ineligible for the medical corps of
tho army or navy. j
In reierence to .the establishment I
of the crops, ihp president wrote: '
"I am very happy to give my ap- j
proval to the plans which you have
submitted, both bf cause of the useful
ness of the volunteer medical servic-3
600
GUNS CAPTURED
IN NEW OFFENSIVE
(Rv Revlrw I.ea-1 Wire)
l.()NIM)N. Aug. Ii!. Since the
allied offensive began on the
Montdiiticr-Aiitiens sector August
8 the total captures by the French
first army and the liritish fourth
army have aggregated S..niiO men
and 6ii0 guns, says Field Mar
shal Haig's communication from
headquarters tonight. The com
munication adds that Tuesday
passed in comparitive quiet on the
battle front.
TEXAS REPUBLICANS MUST
ni Review I,iviHl W'lro j
IinrSTON, T x., Au. VI Tho re-1
publican htatc ronv ntion, in session i
rtiTO Irtfluv linliii'iuti..) ..nnitilnl u(-jin '
,.(.k(,t ,,.,,,,, b ( !lari,. s A. 1!ovnton of '
Waco for goeri!or; wer.t on record as
iavoriiig immediate Kiimnission oi tne
i-. lieiidmi nts it) the national state con-
vciitious con'errir.g upjn women the
iik'ht cf s.il.'r.ue a::d lavorinu legi.s
'ativo coiisiderat!;,n permitting tuo
fa'n or 'iL-ht wines tmd beer und-ir
stringent resu'ati'-Pii subject to local
(.; i!ti laws, and effective at the con
clusion of tho war.
DISTANCES U BOAT
(! lr..-, i. ? . Vi- r
AN ATLANTIC TOUT. 1",. -
li iniiin; at top speed, i-n Ar.ieriean
fruit steamer' outdistan' ed a tiermau
('-boat ofl Kire island yesterday morn
ing and es"ppetl th - fate or the Ner
weuian steaniship Soiiirnorstad. which
sunk off that point about four hours
later.
CPORTiNG COOD3 TOR Y
ni-:v ui;k. .u..;. i::. oni-r
lor
ni're tliim JMieedii vmi'li of i p.-rtinr
r:o. (!j Vn lie- Ann r:e:.' ap-.tv o' ( r.-e ij
ive heou pUeed Ly he V. M C A
The orders ia-.lude lio.ooo bass balls.
All Traces of Scrofula
Cleansed from the Blood
Impurities Promptly Wiped
Out.
If there is" nny trace of Scrofula, or
Other impurities in your blood, you
cannot enjoy the full physical devel
opment that a healthy body is ca
pable of until your blood has been
thoroughly cleansed and purified of
All traces of impure matter.
S. S. S., the wonderful old purely
vegetable blood remedy, has do equal
HOTEL RESORT and TRAVEL DEPARTT.'iINT
R!iab!e information, suggestiont, reservations. no ch-i.-Qe. V.'e espe
cially desire to hear from parties, lodges, societies, and organizztiors.
Auto slarje tickets a.ie seat rsierwations seiured. (Cai'y service, San
Francisco to Imperial Valley. Canrp Kearny, Riversid: Av'at:on Field,
etc.) Autos furnisliid forprwate use, reliable, competent drivers, go
anywhere. Writs, phone, or call. LANE'S TRAVEL SERVICE BUREAU,
,822 W. 6th St., LOS ANGELES, CALIF. Phones: Pico 1C&7, Home 10741
LOS ANGELES
Hotel Lee
Sixth and Figueroa Streets.
Modern European. Rates, 75c to 13
Room with bath $1.00 up
Special Summer and Weekly Rates
All depot cars pass the doer.
Garage connected. Cafe next d cr.
Wm. B. CLARK, Prop.
Attention Cattlemen
WANTED
Fat Cattle for Slaughtering
GIVE CLASS, LOCATIONS TIME OF DELIVERY
Address
E. A. TOVREA & CO., Bisbee, Ariz. '
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
PAINTS
f A GOOD paint is worth what you have to pay for
it and a POOR PAINT is worth nothing at any price.
Mountain and Plain Paint
is the best that is made and every gallon of it is abso
lutely guaranteed by US, and the price i3 no more.
C Also SPENCER KELLOG Pure Linseed oil, none
better.
Gibson -Hines Lumber Co.
J. W.F.SMITH . pLnnrt OQ
Manager " HOne CO
Registered Bonds
Third Liberty Loan Are
Now Ready for
Delivery
' '1
Ever-Lastic iioolmi
Sec advertisement on inside covr of Saturday Eveninj
Post of August 3. We liuvc a full car in stock,
t
Bisbee Lumber Co. inc.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
Review Want Ads Brins Resut
for removing the last trace of Scrof
ula and other blood taints, and there)
is no case that it does not promptly
reach. S. S. S. will thoroughly cleansa
and remove every disease germ that
infests the Mood and pive 70a new
life and vigor. It is sold by all drug
gists and you should get a bottle and
beffin its use to-day. Write a com
plete history of your case, and yoa
can obtain expert medical advice free
by addressing Medical Director, Zi
Swift Laboratory, Atlanta, Ca,
LOS ANGCLES
Gates Hotel $i
Fireproof. Sixth and Figueroa Sts
Cafe and Restaurant in Connection
Close to Stores, Theaters and all
Car Lines. Los Argeles Finest
Tourist and Family Hostelry
TAKE TAXI AT CUR EXPENSE.
Lee Holladay, Pres. and Mgr.
Geo. A. Coll'ns. Sec'y. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 14, 1918.
THREE
mm (nmamnnn m
bLlilVlHi fl V
ENDED BY
KANSAS CITY STAR RELATES
HUN ACTIVITIES RESULTING
AS TOLD BY
Prince Lichnowsky and Heir Muehlon Have Given the Lie to
Kaiser's Plea That he Was Attacked and Acted in Self
Defense; the Mask Off the Hun at Last; Every Move
Carefully Planned ; Things
July 15, 191S.
To The Star: I write for myself and
I am confident, many other readers of
The Star. Your article yesterday. "He
Turns on Germany," from the Phila
delphia Public Ledger, refers to Herr
Wilhelm Muehlon and says: " From
him came one of the bitterest and
most convincing accusations ever form
ulated against their - (the Germans)
war policy."
The present writer follows the his
tory of the war as closely as the aver
age reader and be confesses to ignor
ance outside - of the article referred
to as to what those "convincing no I
cusations" of Herr Muehlon's are. Will
The Star be willing to print a short
account of this man and his break
with the German government and a
resume of his "accusations?"
Then there Is Prince Uchnowsky
how important a man is he, and what
were his "revelations?" Many of u
who read them at the time couldn't
state them now with any accuracy.
And we ought to be able to. We ought
to be saturated with the facts that
prove the German conspiracy to loot
the world.'
Many Americans suppose Uiere is
some measure of truth in the German,
contention that Germany was In
some way threatened in 1914, and that
she struck the first blow merely to
take advantage of the initiative in an
attack which Allied powers were pre
paring to launch against her. Ameri
cans ought to have the proof that that
contention is false kept before them.
In the Carthagenian wars every daily
paper in Rome carried a standing
headline, "Carthage Must be Destroy
ed." Similarly every daily in Ameri
ca ought now to carry a line like this:
The German Government Is a Liar!"
Not one person in a hundred reads
the Worlds Work or has heard Mor
genthau's story of how he "knows"
that Germany decided upon war early
In July, built U a camouflage of self
defense and then began its offensive.
I take the liberty to suggest that
next Sunday you print half a page of
the evidence that the German govern
ment is a liar when it pretends to be
a victim Instead of a conspirator
something that we can cut out and
carry in our pocketbooks and con
found the proGrmans with. Con
found them.
EDWIX TAYLOR.
Edwardsville, Kas.
Of all the witnesses against Ger
many, Prince Karl Lichnowsky, Ger
man ambassador to England from 1912
until the outbreak of the war, tells
the most damr.ing story an inside
disclosure of Hun treachery and hyp
ocrisy.
"I bad to support in London," he j
has written in his memoiM, "a policy
which I knew to be fallacious. 1 was
punished for it, for it was a sin against
the Holy Ghost."
With bitter words he has told the
truth about the negotiations that led
to war. Ruthlessly he has stripped
the mask from the face of the war
god and shattered the alibi that Ger
many didn't want this war that she
was forced into a world struggle for
her very existence. He tells his story
better than anyone can tell it for him.
It was after the assassination of the
Austrian heir: ,
"Unfortunately I underestimated at
the moment the importance of the
news. I thought fiat nothing would
come of it, after all, and that. If Rus
sia threatened, the trouble could easi
ly be composed. Now I regret that I
did not stay in Berlin and say at once
Review Want Ads Bring Results
When Mrs. Nora Cunningham of this city
finds one of her many houses vacant, she al
ways defpends on "the little ads with the
punch," The Review classified advertise
ments, to obtain a tenant and it is a matter
of fact that her houses are always rented.
Last Monday afternoon, Mrs. Cunningham
inserted a 25-cent classified advertisement in
the following morning's edition of The Re
view and by 1 0 o'clock Tuesday morning, the
house advertised had been rented to a desir
able tenant.
DHGDHUUn IU
PERFIDY OF
HIS FOREIGN
Every American Should Know !
that I would have no share In any
such policy.
"Subsequently I learned that at the
decisive conversation at Potsdam on
July 5 the inquiry addressed to us by
Vienna found absolute assent among
all the personages In authority; indeed
ll.m. n .1 .1 n i )i ,i f Ihupa YL-ntllrl ha nn
harm if a war with Russia were to re
sult. So. at any rate, u is statea in
the Austrian proctocol which Count
Mensdorf, Austrian ambassador, re
ceived In London. Soon afterward
Herr Von Jagow was in Vienna to dis
cuss everything with Count Eerchtold.
Austrian foreign minister.
"At first I pressed for as concilia
tory an answer as possible on tlie
part of Serbia, since the attitude of
the Russian government left no fur
ther doubt of the seriousness of the
situation.
"The Serbian reply was in accord
ance with British efforts; M. Pash
itch had actually accepted everything
except two points, about which he de
clared his readiness to negotiate. If
Russia and England had wanted war.
in order to fall upon us, a hint to Bel
grade would have been sufficient and
the unheardror (Austrian) note wouiq
have remained unanswered.
Sir Edward Grey's Proposal
"Sir Edward Grey went through the
Serbian reply with me, and pointed
to the conciliatory attitude of the gov
ernment at Belgrade. We then dis
cussed his mediation proposal, which
was to arrange an Interpretation of
the two points acceptable to both par
ties. M. Cambon (French ambassador
in London), the Marquis imperial!
(Italian ambassador In London) and
I should have met under Sir Edward
Grey's presidency and it would have
been easy to find an acceptable form
for the disputed points, which In the
main concerned the participation of
Austrian officials in the investigation
at Belgrade.
"Given good will, everything could
have beeh settled in one or two sit
tings, and the mere acceptance of the
British proposal would have relieved
the tension and would have further Im
proved our relations to England. I
urgently recommended the proposal,
saying that otherwise world war was
imminent, in which we had everything
to lose and nothing to gain. In vain!
I was told that it was against the dig
nity of Austria, and that we did not
want to interfere in the Serbian busi
ness, but left it to our ally. I was told
to work for "localization of the con
flict." "Of course it would only have need
el a hint from Berlin to make Count
Berchtold satisfy himself with a dip
lomatic success and put up with the
Serbian reply. But -this hint was not
given. On the contrary, we pressra
for war. What a fine success it would
rave been.
"After our refusal Sir Edward asked
us to cbme forward with a proposal
of our own. We insisted upon war.
I could get no other answer (from
Berlin) than that it was an enormous
'concession on the part of Austria to
contemplate no annexation of terri
tory.' "Thereupon Sir Edward justly point
ed out that even without annexations
of territory a country can be humil
iated and subjected, and that RussU
would regard thi3 as a humiliation
which she would not atand.
"The impression became ever strong
er that we desired war In all rlreum
stances. Otherwise our attitude In a
question which, after all. did not di
rectly concern us was unintelligible.
BR THIN A S
GERMAN
!
STORIES Of
im nminiOT !
Ill uUlil Liu I
REPRESENTATIVES
"The urgent appeals and definite
declarations of M. Sazonoff (Russian
foreign minister), later on the posi
tively humble telegrams of the czar,
the repeated proposals of Sir Edward,
the warnings of San Guiliano (Italian
foreign minister) and of Boliati (Ital
ian ambassador in Berlin), my urgent
advice it was all of no use, for Berlin
went on insisting that Serbia must b
massacreed.
"The more I pressed, the less will -
ins they were to alter their course, if
h..u T wna nnt in have the
success of saving peace in the ccin-icontajn demands such as punishment
pany of Sir Edward Grey. 'of a number of officers, dissolution of
"So Grey , on July 29, resolved upor. i political associations, criminal inve -
his well known warning. I replied itigatiens in Serbia by Austrian offi-
that I had alwaTs reported that wecials and, in fact, a whole series of
should have to reckon upon English j definite satisfactions will be demand -
hostility ifit came to war with France,
The minister said to me repeatedly:
If war breaks out it will bo the great
est catastrophe the world has ever
seen.'
Grey Still Sought Peace
"After that events moved rapidly.
When Count Berchtold, who hitherto
had played the strong man on instruc-
tions from Benin, at iasi a-'"""-
change his course, we answered ti e
Russian mobilization-after Russia
had for a whole week negotiated and
waited in vain with our ultimatum
and declaration of war.
"Sir Edward Grey still looked for
new ways of escape. In the morning
of August 1 Sir W. Tyrrell came to
me to say that his chief still hoped to
find a way out. Should we remain
neutral if France did the same? I
understood him to mean that w
should then be ready to spare France,
hut his mcanine was that we should
remain absolutely neutral neutral, !
tiw.rrt Riwsin ThltSet, deserved a lesson which they(aone, without Germany's previous for an imperial conference. This meet genheim I would suggest that he ex
,wn misunderst'anuing. iwould 'emember; JhJ waf the ! knowledge. Ing took place at I'otsdam on July 5.iamine the quotations of the New York
iven me an atiDoint-' ,nt,mat,on that 1 d received about "The only possible explanation was 1914. The kaiser presided; nearly all ! stools: market for those two historic
therefore, even
was the well know
0. .. . .,j ! mo on aimntnt. i ........
. . . .Ji .l!!ln h!t r?s!,he kaiser's discussions with our al-
ment for the afternoon, but. as ne
was then at a meeting of the cabinet,
he called me upon the telephone after
Sir W. Tyrrell had hurried straight to
him. But In the afternoon he spoke
no longer of anything but Belgian neu
trality and of the possibility that we
1 r.i .. 1. .... t .1 nA rrn onnlli ir
armed wUhorattacklng one another,
"Thus there was no proposal what-
- ,(,, !,,,. nv nhit.
UUL U iuwuwv J
gatioii, because our conversation, as I
have already explained, was to take
place soon afterward. In Berlin, how
ever without waiting for the con
versation this news was used as the
foundation for a far reaching act. Then
came Poincare's letter, Bonar Law's
letter and the telegram from the king
or tho Belgians. The hesitating mem.
bers of the cabinet were converted,
with the exception of three members,
who resigned.
"A special train took us to Harwich,
where a guard of honor was drawn up
for me. I was treated like a departing
sovereign. Thus ended my London
mission. It was wrecked not by the
perfidity of the British, but by the
perfidity of our policy."
The full significance of such state
ments may be better appreciated when
It is realized that the Gorman govern
ment thought enough of Lichnowsky's
ability to give him the important post
of ambassador to England. Previous
ly he had been the ambassador to Aus
tria, a trained diplomat, a nobleman,
aa they believod. a typical German of
the ruling class. '
Hii summary places the guilt dl
rectly:
Question cf Guilt
"As appears from all official publi
cations, without the facts being con
troverted by our own White Book,
which, owing to its poverty and gaps,
constitutes a grave self-accusation:
"1. We encouraged Count Berch
told to attack Serbia, although no Ger
man Interest was Involved, and the
danger of a world war must have been
known to us whether we knew the
text of the ultimatum is a question of
complete indifference.
"2. In the days between July 23
and July CO, 1914, when-M. Sazanoff
emphatically declared that Russia
could not tclerato an attack upon Ser
bia, we rejected the British proposals
cf mediation although Serbia, under
Russian and British pressure, had ac
ccpted almost the whole ultimatum,
snd although an agreement about the
two points in question could easily
havo been reached, and Count Berch
told was even ready to satisfy himself
with the Serbian reply.
"3. On July 30. when Count Berch
told wanted to give way we. without
Austria having been attacked, replied
to Russia's mere mobilization by send
ing an ultimatum to Petersburg, and
on July 31 we declared war on the
Russians, although the czar had pledg
ed his word that as long as negotia
tions continued not a man should
march so that we dellbertely destroy
ed the possibility of a peaceful settle
ment "In view of these Indisputable facts
It Is not surprising that the whole clv-
llized world outside Germany attrlb
jutes to us the sole guilt for the world
"Is it not intelligible that our ene
'mles declare that they will not rest
j until a system is destroyed which con
.stitutes a permanent threatening of
lour neighbors?"
j Coincident with the publication of
;the Llchnuwsky KtatementH ther; was
LONDON DDI WAS
PDL1GY. HOT BY BRITOi'S ACTS
anot'ier expose c.f fiorraan duplicity. ,
this tiiiie by Herr Willulm MuHilon, 1
a former director of Krupp's. a mug-
nate. an Intimate with the junker-!.
but a man whose sould tilekened at
the bloody business. It was last sprint!
that Herr Muehlon told his story:
Talk With Helfferich
"In the middle of July, lau, I had.
jas I frequently hud. a conversation
with Doctor Helfferich, then director
of t.io Deusche Bank of Berlin, and, ready knew, he could tell me that; Herr von liclih n ti.M me that Herri What s the use of Arguing .
now vice-chancellor. The Deutsche ' Helfferich's statements were amir- j von Jagow Mink, firmly to his asser-! "The several blue, red and yellow
Hank had adopted a negative attitude late. Indeed. Helfferich seemed tOti,n that h had had nct'ilrii to doibo1"' which flooded Europe the few
toward certain large transactions in, know more details than lie did. He ; with the text of the Austro-Huiigarian months following the outbreak, and
Bulgaria and Turkey, in w hich the said that the situation was really very ; ultimatum, and that Germany had nev- the hundreds of documents which
firm of Krupp, for business reasons serious. The kaiser had told him thater made any audi demands. In reply j 'ere Issued by German propaganda
delivery cf war material had a lively he would declare war immediately if : to the objection that this was incon-1 at tempting to establish Germany's in
Intere.st. As one of the reasons to Russia mobilized, and that this time i ceivable. Herr von Jagow replied that ! nccenee. never made any impression
Justify the altitude of the Deutsche people would see that he did not turnhe. as a diplomatist, had naturally ,on me. For my conclusions as to the
l ank. Doctor Helfferich finally gave about. The kaiser's repeated insist-. thought of making suc'i a demand. ; responsibility are not based on sus
me the follcwing reason: 'once that this time nobody would be i when, however, Herr von Jagow was ! picions or belief or Uie study of cir-
"The political situation has be-'able to mine him of indecision had. ! occupying himself with the matter cumstantial data. I do not have to
..,,. ,... Tnanorln Tl Mnnlcfhs hii n-i,l l.i.pn -ilinnut .rnm'p in its of-innt una r-nllu.l In h. Llni. hgj r . rOttSOn Or afgUC abCUt the matter I
Bank must in any case wait before en-
, tering into any furtJier engagements! German Duplicity
t abroad. The Austrians have just been) "On tiie very day indicated to me
jwith the kaiser.. In a week's time Viny Helfferich the Austrian ultimatum
ienna will send a very severe ultimate t0 gf.rbia appeared. At this time I
!um to Serbia, with a very short inter -
1 val for answer. The ultimatum will
cd at once; otherwise Austria-Hungary
will declare war on fcerma.
"Doctor Hemencn aaaca mat tne
kaiser had expressed his decided ap-joniy as a 'blind'; he had not arranged !and. as Herr Krupp von Bohlen said
proval of this procedure on the part;tne cruise on the usual extensive I "The government people can never
of Austria-Hungary. He had said that , gCale, but was remaining close Pt keep their mouths shut." Henry Mor
he regarded a conflict with Serbia as hand and keeping in constant touch. Igenthau. the American ambassador to
an internal affair between these two ow one must simply wait and see!xurkey, heard it in far off Constanti
countries, in which he would permit what would happen. The Austrians, , ncple. He writes what he knows:
no other state to interfere, it KUssiawno 0f course, did not expect the ul-
mobilized, he would mobilize also.
, B Jn hig case mobilizaUon meant
j immedlate war.
I Thjs ,me tnere woul(J be n0 ogciI.
lation. Helfferich said that the Aus
trians were extremely well satisfied
part of the kaiser."
"When I thereupon said to Doctor
Helfferich that this uncanny communi
cation converted my fears of a world
war, which were already strong, into
absolute certainty, he replied that it
certainly looked like that. But per
haps "France and Russia would recon
aider the matter. In any case, the
lies. I knew Doctor Hemencn s par -
ticularly intimate relations with the
personages who were sure to be lnt -
tiated. and I knew that his conimunI -
cation was trustworthy.
Kaiser For War
After my return, from Berlin I In-
formed Herr Krupp von Bohlen and
Halbach, one of whose direct.,"
then was at Essen. Doctor Helfferich
had given me permission and at that
f'me the Intention was to make him
a director of Krupps. Herr von Boh-
len seemed disturbed that Doctor Helf isuch a, tremendous affair, to have giv-
ferich was In possession of such In-len a blank check to a state like Aus -
formation and he made a remark toitrla; and it was the duty of the lead -
WITH AMERICAN
r it"
iizzzzi . i mJlJi 3
Members of Rainbow division in trench, U. S. lads loading a "lone torn" and
flowers.
The tipper photo shows some of
the members of the famous Rain
bow division resting after a wal
lop at the Hun. The photo give3
a (rood idea of how the boys live
In the trenches. Notice that the
boys are wearing boots tj protect
the erfed that the government people
can never keep their mouths shut,
lie then tol l mo the following: He
said that ho hnd himself ben wit.'i
(he kaiser In the last few d.iys. The'
kaiser had spoken to him also of his
! oonversat ion with the Austrians. and.
of Its result; but he had described the.
imatter as so secret that he (Krupp)
' would not even have dared to inform i
Ms own directors. As. however, I al-!
feet.
1 wa9 again in Berlin, and I told Heif
fo,i,.h i,n I rerrleri thn tone and
j contents of the ultimatum as simply
, monstrous. Doctor HeKferich. how -
'cver Ra;(i that the note only had that
Hng'ln the German translation. . He
iia,i 8een the ultimatum in French.
1 an(j jn French it really cculd not be
rPgar,ipd aa overdone. On this occas -
on Helfferich also said to me that tne
, kaiser had gone on his northern cruise
timatum to be accepted, were really
acting rapidly before the other pow-jan ambassador nt Constantinople)
ers could find time to interfere. Thecal he was sometimes led into indls
Deutsche Bank had already made its icretlons. and hi exuberance one day
arrangements, so as to be prepared j caused him to tell me certain facts
for all eventualities. For example, it w-hlch. I think, will always have great
was no longer paying out the gold , historical value. He disclosed pre
which catne in. That could easily bPjCiscy ,ow an,j when Germany had
done without attracting notice, and j precipitated this war.
the amount day by day reached con- "7ne German ambassador left for
siderablo surri3. 'Berlin soon after the assassination of
"Immediately after the Vienna ulti-lthe grand duke, and ho now (on hi3
matum to Serbia the German govern-1 return ) revealed the cause of his sud-
ment issued declarations to the effect
that Austria-Hungary had acted all
j um; M'issiuic rAiiuauuu
that the kaiser had tied himself down
wjthout inviting the co-operation or
his government, and that, in the con-
Jv(,rs!ltjons with the Austrians. the Ger
nlans tocj care nol to agree upon the
jtext or the ultimatum, tor I nave ai-
ready Fhown that the contents of the
ultimatum were pretty accurately
known in Germany. Herr Krupp von of Gorman Industry, all of whom were
Bohlen, with whom I spoke about. as necessary to German war propara
these German declarations which, at .tions as the army itself, also attended,
any rate in their effect, were lies I "Are We Ready For War?"
was also by no means edified. For, I "Wangenheim now told me that the
as lie said. Germany ought not. in kaiser solemnly put the question to
TROOPS AT FRONT AND
ir- w- -V 4
if
r
..... f rfsjf,.
them fully from the mud and
water and help keep them healthy.
The ever present gas masks bane
suspended on their chests. Ana
the boys are smiling, too. The
American ollieial photo at the left
shows Bmil! crnn twine-ini n
m
line: statesmen to demand, both of the have two weeks to sell their forelpn
I kaiser and m our allies, that tJie Aus- securities and to make loans. At tha
itrian claims and the ultimatum to 'time few people had locked upon the
(Serbia choiihl be discussed in minute . Sarajevo tragedy as something that
j detail and definitely deride upon the j was likely to cause war. Tins eon
i precise program of our further pro-, ference took all precautions that no
ceedi'ii-Ts. 1! s;iid that, whatever j such suspicion should be aroused. It
IH hit of view one took, we ought not derided to give bankers time to read
In give ourselves into the hands of ! just their finances for the coming war.
the Austrians and expose ourselves 1 and then the several members went
to eventualities w hich had not been j quickly hack to their work or started
reckoned out in advance. One ought on vacations. The kaiser went to
'to have connected appropriate condi-j Norway on his yac.'it. Von Eethman
: tions with our obligations. In short: Hollweg left for a rest, and Wangen-
"Herr von Bohlen regarded the l.eini returned to Constantinople.
German denial of previous knowledge; "In telling me about this confer
if there was any trace of truth in it. c nee. Wangenheim, of course, admitt
as an offense against the elementary j ed that Germany had precipitated the
principles of diplomacy; and he told war. I think that he wa rather proud
me that he intended to speak in this of the whole performance; proud that
sense to Herr von Jagcw, then foreign Germany had gone about the matter
secretary, who was a special friend of in so methodical and farseeing a way:
his. , especially proud that he himself had
German Government Blamed
As a result of this conversation
committed himself that it was too late i know. The conspiracy that has cans
for anv nrneed'ire .wmliir tn dinlrv.cd this greatest of human tragedies
matic custom, and tliTe was nothing
more to ha done. The situation was
such that it would have heen lmpossi.
ble to intervene with drafting propos
als. In the end. he (Jagow) had'
thought that non-interference would
' have its advantages namely, the good
j Impression which could be made In
Petersburg and ParU with the Ger-
man declaration that Germany had
not co-operated in the preparation of,
;tne Vienna ultimatum.
Too many people knew the facts
.he tonsniracv was too biz to keea.
"The. good fortune of th German
i armies so excited Wangenheim (Ger-
,en dlsappeanince. The kaiser, he
j told me, hud summrned him to Berlin
i ne KHlstr prt&ujeu; nearly an
the ambassadors attended- Wangen-
heim came to tell of Turkey and en-
lighten his associates on tiie situation
in Constantinople. Moltke. then chief
0f staff, was there, representing the
army, and Admiral Von Tirplti spoke
frr the navy. Tho great bankers.
' railrca.1 directors and the, captains
each man in turn. Was'hc ready for
war? All replied, 'Yes, except the
1 financiers. They said that they must
BEHIND TIIE LINES -
i
French girls giving; American boy
bit; gun shell from an ammunition
car to the loading pan of a "long
torn" on the west front The
other photo shows how French
girls treat Amer.can soldiers leav
ing for the front. The girla ara
PBsintr tip flower f hf"r .
j been invited to participate in so mo-
i mentous gathering.
was hatched by the kaiser and his Im
perial crew at this Potsdam confer
ence of July 5. 1914. One of the chief
participants, fluked with his triumph
at tne apparent success 01 me pun.
' told me the details with his own
mouth.
j "Whenever I hear people arguing
about the responsibility for this war,
ior read the clumsy and lying excuses
put forth by Germany, I simply rtcaii
"""y nui v. -
'.yv' 7"
"l "'V .''"'V . .
giving me his account of this historic
meeting. Why waste any time dis
cussing the matter after that?
The New York Stock Market
"This imperial conference took place
July 5; the Serbian ultimatum was
sent July 22. That is Just about the
two weeks' Interval which the finan
ciers had demanded to complete their
plans. All the great stock exchanges
of the world show that the German
hankers profitably used this interval.
Their records disclose that stock
were being sold In large quantities and
that prices declined rapidly. At that
time the markets were somewhat puz
zled at this movement: Wangenheim's
explanation clears up any doubts that
may still remain. Germany was chang
ing her securities into cash for war
purposes.
If anyone wishes to venry wan-
weeks. He will find that there were
astonishing slumps in quotations, es
pecially on the stocks that had an
international market. Between July
s and Julv 22 Union Pacific dropped
from 135H to 12"'4. Baltimore & umo
frcrtt 91 V4 to SI. United States Steel
from 61 to BOH- Canadian raciur
from fM to lSo and Northern Pacif
ic from 111 3-8 to 10S. At that time
the high protectionists were blaming
the Simmons-Underwood Tariff Act
as responsible for this fall in values;
other critics of the administration at
tributed it to the Federal Reserve
Act which had not yet been passed.
How little the Wall Street brokers
and the financial experts realized
that an imperial conference, held in
Potsdam, presided over by the kaiser,
was the real fore that was then de
pressing the market!"
TEDDY LIKES HIM
GOLDSBORO. N. C. Aug. 13. John
Ward, a negro called as a witness in a
recen trial held here, told the court he
was the father of thirty-five children
and that thirteen sons were in mili
tary service. Ward, who is 62 years
old, has been married three times and
has twenty-five living children.
The negro says his first wife bore
fifteen children in six years quadrup
lets twice, two sets of triplets and on.
single child. The second wife, he said,
gave birth to twelve children, twins
twice. The third wife gave birth ta
etifht children. Five sons In militar
! service are in France, and eight others
are in training camps in this country.
THIS CORN WILL
PEEL RIGHT OFF!
"Gcts-lt" Makes Corns Come Cff The
"3anana-Peel" Way
Why have to flop on the floor.
ami pull at the "quick" of a tender
corn? That's the old. savage way.
"Gets It" is th modern, painless, sim
ple way. Lean over and put two drops
of "Cots-It" cn the corn, put your
stocking and shoe right on again, and
forget the corn. Pain Is eased.
Gets It" has revolutionized the
treatment of corns. It never Irritates
the true flesh. You'll stop limping on
the side of your shoe, and do away
with greasy salves, bundling bandages,
thick plasters, snd painful methods.
Use "Gets-It." It's common sense.
"Gets-It" is sold by all druggists
(you need pay no more than 25 cents),
or It will be sent direct by E. Law
rence A Co.. Chicago, 111.
Sold In Bisbee and recommended as
the world's best corn remedy by
Phl pi Dodge Mercantile Co. and Cen
tral Pharmacy. n
FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MOANING, AUGUST 14, 1918.
Eire i$isbt? Daihi Steufrut
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEN A. CAIN editor and General .Manager
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bicbse, Arizona.
Under Act cf March 8, 1879.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
Per Mouth - - - -
Throe Months -
Six Months l'"J
Twelve Months - -'Ij
Sunday (Our Weekly) per year..., '-
Sunday (Our Weekly) per ;uar-r - a
No Subscriptions Taken for Less Than 75 Cents
Looking the Facts of
the War in the Face!
5
Let us above all things try to avoid the
evil of undue elation and a too florid enthu
siasm over our successes recently upon the
western front. The tide of the war has just
begun to turn a little in favor of the allies.
When wc come to consider the sober facts
we find that, after four days of a victorious
offensive in which the correspondents, and
even the official communications, described
the enemy if full and headlong retreat, that
the allies have reconquered only about one
fifth of the great Amiens salient driven by
the Prussians into the heart of our lines.
In other words, the Germans, after sustain
ing a surprise attack, rallied and held cur
attacking forces before all their important
towns and rail lines excepting only Mont
didier. Our last offensive was of only one
fifth the power and success of the German
drive a few months ago over this same
ground. It was here that the fifth British
army went to pieces. First bulletins of re
cent battle indicated that the Germans were
badly demoralized and even broken. Sun
day a bulletin came over the Associated
Press stating that Chaulnes had been
taken. Great things were expected. And
then lo, the drive was stopped in the full
tide of victory. Chaulnes was not taken.
The same holds true of our Marne victory.
We have retaken there only about half of
the ground gained by the German Clown
Quince in his great May drive, and our
gains represent only the easy part of this
terrain to recover. We were stopped at the
Vesle, a mere creek, and we still have the
river Aisne to cross and the heights of the
Chemin des Dames, wrested from us in a
drive of twice the power of our attack last
month.
On the other hand, we have accomp
lished great things. We have turned the
tide from acritical retreat to a most pleas
ing advance. But we have a long ways to
go to win back to where we started from
this year. Foch has not yet undertaken a
really major offensive operation against
the Hun. He seems to be trying to blunt
the edges of dangerous salients. He is seek
ing to confuse the enemy by sharp and sud
den attacks at different places along the
line. He seems to be contented with short
gains. He has attempted nothing spectac
ular as yet, giving up hi3 drive when faced
with real opposition. He is still saving his
troops and his power. It is to be doubted if
he has drawn to any extent upon his
strategic reserve. While it is hoped that
the Germans have drawn heavily upon
theirs. The Prussian has been severely
punished. He has had a severe shock. His
plans for the balance of the 1918 campaign
that started so brilliantly for him have been
entirely upset. His unlimited manpower
of March is now limited to such an extent '
that he will fall back to save men. He is
giving up dearly won ground without fight:
ing to a finish for every foot of it a3 has
been his custom. Maybe in September
Foch will strike for blood. But all the fight
ing of the past month that has gone so well
for the allies should be considered simply in
the light of returning savage blows for past
defeats. We are fighting back fiercely to
regain some of that which we have lost.
The German is weaker than he was in
March; Foch is stronger. But a decision
seems to L yet far distant. The next seven
months promise to be harder upon Amer
ica than at any time during the war. We
are still getting ready to fight. Our finan
cial burdens will be at their apex. We must
bear a tremendous draft call. We must
strain with might end main for more cun
and ships. We must bear all the food re
strictions without the least let tip. And all
this without our rfforts making any ap
parent impression upon the stubborn Ger
man lines. BUT, when the fierce winds of
next March do Ik-pin to blow, we can raise
our eyes md expect to sec some of the
fruits of our toil and sacrifice. Our fleet
cf ships by then will Jie vcr" large. Our
rows of guns will loo:n I-irf. Our airplanes
will begin to be felt in Hunland. Our sol-
diers over there will number three millions
instead of one. Then, and not till then.,
will we have the right to expect a drive of
real power and sustained continuously un
til re?.l results are gained. Then, Germany,
weakened by her fifth terrible war winter,
with less men and food and munitions and
resources than she has now, will have to
meet the acid test of a much stronger and
more powerful allied army than she has
ever met before. She can scarcely hold her
own now, by giving up ground and falling
back to stronger positions; WHAT WILL
SHE DO THEN?
HERTLING'S POLICY TOWARD
BELGIUM
After having been nearly a year in con
trol of Russian affairs, let us consider what
Lenine and Trotsky, the bolshevik leaders,
have done.' They have lost to Russia:
Poland, the Ukraine, Courland, Lithunia
and all the Baltic provinces to Germany
and also six billions of roubles indemnity.
They have lost the Siberia coast and the
Murman coast to the allies. They have lost
all their other Asiatic holdings to the Turks.
They have failed to establish even law and
order anywhere, to say nothing of a gov
ernment. They have made not the slight
est industrial progress. But little land is
planted. Famine and pestilence stalk un
checked through the land. Russia has be
come a byword throught the world for
cowardice and incapacity and dishonor.
Some statesmen, these two. Here is the
radical; the bolshevik, at his best, or his
worst, as one may prefer. This lesson in
radicalism, so costly to Russia, is sure to be
of incalculable benefit to the other nations
of the wcrld.
Here's to Eddie Collins, the star second
baseman and great baseball player of the
past decade, who plays his last game this
week, having resigned to join the immortal
marines of the U. S. A. Eddie is one of
the few professional baseball players who
ha3 interpreted the government's work or
fight order a3 an invitation to fight ! Most
of the others have tried for the shipyards
or steel worlt3 where they can still make
big money playing exhibition baseball
games. Collins will be remembered as the
bright and shining star of the last world
series. He was purchased fiom Connie
Mack's Philadelphia Athletics by Comiskey
of ihe Chicago White Sox, the present
world champs, for $50,000. Eddie only
receives $15,000 a year. He is married
and ha3 two children, but he prefers the
marines and glory in France to an exemp
tion plea.
The I os Angeles Times comes forward
with the most timely disclosure that the
two German princes, Rupprccht and Willie,
have each received a decoration recently of
which Papa Wilhelm had nothing to do.
namely a pair of black eyes. Yes, Willie
wa3 punched while skylarking on the
Marne and Rupie while loitering before
Amiens. They have probably told papa
on that bad Ferdinahd Foch 'ere now.
Plans are being made by the Amer
ican Defense society to hold celebrations
throughout the country September 6, the
161st anniversary of the birth of Lafayette.
Since September 6 is also the anniversary
of the battle of the Marne in 1914, the so
ciety has decided to adopt tln3 as the an
nual American Defense Day.
i
(From the F.y."; jiiclcr. London.)
Count Hertling's very plain declaration
that Germany intends to hold Belgium as
a pawn for future negotiations is character
istically German. As a rule, when one
makes a swap it is considered the proper
thing to use one's own property for the
purpose. Count Hertling isf evidently satis-'
fied that Germany has acquired Belgium by
having overrun that unhappy country, and
that it is now an available medium of ex
change fcr some asset of equal value. But
it is not difficult for a nation of seventy
millions periodically to overrun a nation of
ten millions, and by the simple process of
"conquering" Belgium regularly once a
year and using it as a "pawn," Germany
could gradually acquire the whole world
on the installment plan. In case Count
Hertling hasn't heard of it, that is just why
we are at war.
And now wc have the "Menshiviki." in
Russia, meaning the "Moderates." They
arc overthrowing the bolsheviki in many
important towns. More power lo them.
Let them be what they may, these menshi
viki, they cannot but be an improvement
over the tribe of Trotsky and Lenine.
GERMANS EXAGGERATE
BRITISH LOSSES
IN SEA FIGHT
' CONTROVERSY ARISES BETWEEN
ADMIRALTIES OF TWO COUN
TRIES AS TO AMOUNT OF LOSS
SUSTAINED BY ENGLISH IN AT
TEMPTED RAID OFF AMELAND
M:- rt'-vir w lA-ntutl Wlrcl
COPKMfAUK.N, Aug. 13. The ofti
c::.! ommanicaiion of the (ierinan ud-r.-iia
ly dealing with the recent cn
exuntt r off Ameland in which several
l.illish motor boats were destroyed
and ? Gorman airship was brought
ii.wn, follows.
"Prilish naval forces anprcaching
n German bay were imnieu::-te!y nt
tc'.td wi:h bombs and machine guns.
WP destroyed three fast boat3 and
rlamaccd another. A battle cruiser and
torpedo boat were hit by bombs, the
laitor bring sunk.
"Our naval forces, which Immedia'o-
y ;ipi'',:-!"--d the field of battle, were
uru'.b.V to meet the retiring pn'iiv.
Cur cr-u'ilties amount to an airship
nd an airplane."
I.
Hatching "from a high tower" the magnificent spectacle
ERITISH DENY STATEMENT
il'v Khy:pw t.rn:"l Vli-o
LONDON. .u. 13 The British iid
mirnlly, referring to the statement of
f'-e German adinira'ty with regard to
the engagement off Ameland says:
"(Mir lesses have been correctly
stated. No ahip was hit or Jamased
f'i any "ay whatever."
The Pritish admiralty report of the
Ar.itland fipht said that motor boats
rr.-. aired in the expedition failed to re
turn .but that there was no other dam
age nor any other casualties.
RETREAT FROM RUSSIA
(F!y Review JVrmeil Wire)
AMSTERDAM, Aug. 13. The Ger
man newspapers shew much perturba
tion over the situation in Rm-dsn as it
affects Germany.
'Inexorable fate is driving Germany
trward a fresh state of war with Rus
sia unless a remedy shall be found at
the last moment," says the Vossisehe
Zeituiig of Berlin.
The newspaper describes the Ger
man embassy's flight from Moscow to
Pskcv as "a retreat from Russia."
OCCUPATIONS
TO BE TAXED
NOW PROPOSED
(Continued from Page One)
!ow:nce for depletion of oil well.i, but
deferred action.
"Th0 committee amended the 10 tier
cent tax on amounts paid for leased
wires and talking circuits, the ammtd
trent exeTr.ptin.rr newspapers, press as
sociations and and periodicals, leaving
the original provision standing as to
everything else.
"When the committee " -Mourned
there were pending proposals to in
crease the taxes on the larger per
sonal incomes.
a n
t? A V . ' i
1 a-Nw If
r
" ZD
That evening the submarine sank the
Taliner and Captain Nickersou and his
crew again took to their dory. They
rowed until Monday morning when
they were picked up by a third
schooner.
CABINET IN SESSION
ON SUBMARINES
(Continued from Paa One)
saw the submarine attackipg other
fisherman and ciiilck'y decided t aban
don their vessel. Packing a quantity
of provisions in a dory they put off be
fore the submarine came up. .
Rowing away, the Cruiser's men saw
the fishing schooner On Time, on her
beam ends. The crew of the On Timu
had Jken to a dory before their ship
was shelled.
FRENCH TRANSPORT SUNK
PARIS, Aug. 13. The Djemnan re
ported to be sunk by a torpedo was a
vessel of 3718 tons. (
The Djemnah was an old steamer,
built In 1875 at La Ciotat. She was
397 feet long, thirty-nine feet 1 cac.i
and thirty feet deep. She is register
ed as owned by the Messageries Man
times of Paris and Marseilles.
Still another steamer was torpedor d
but remained afloat. The text of the
communication follows:
"The steamer Djemnah, belonging
to the Messagerios Maritimes proceed
ing from Bizerta to Alexandria with
military passengers, was torpedoed
and sunk the night of July 14 15. Four
hundred and forty-two men are miss
ing. "On July 13 the Mediterranean
steamer Australian, belonging to the
same company, was torpedoed and
sunk. Seventeen sailors were killed.
Passengers to the number of IMS wi:rc
saved. Three arc missing.
"In the same convoy another steam
er, which was torpedoed, was kei't
afloat.
"Numerous bombs were thrown it
the submerged submarine."
On the left of the position the Ger
mans reacted violently, holding the
French at bay but from Gury ea. t .vara
th: French progressed. The Genua
first line v.as thinly manned by the
heavily armed niachincg jus w.'iidi
more than ever constitute their reli
ance to stem the troops of Genera!
II n mbert.
The French today were fi-h!iiig in
the communication trencln s and
anions the barbed wire entang-etnen's
of their old line v. itli rille, grenade
ami bayenct. A division fichting a:
Iieivnl took 177 prisoner.;. The Ger
mans s.iid they wer erdercd yp;;ferd,iy
to held out nt any costs and tir.it t'l'.'
French ardicry v.:-.s causing then
great loss.
WERE TWICE SUBMARINED
Gl.O'.t K.ST Kit .M;.:;s., At!;;, j:;.
Captain James A. Nickersou and his
crew of five men Iroin the fishing
schooner Rei.iiie, sunk by a GeniKiii
i raider off George's banks Satu.-d.';'
were submarined twice.
When the Reliance was :cn to tlie
i boMcn! they r,,t av iv in a dory and
'silly in the attemoou wete picked up
I by the ficliiug schoouer Kate Pulmvi.
NAME NOT RECORDED
NEW YORK, Aug. 13. Available
shipping records do not contain the
name of "the Henry S. Kelloss. but
there is listed a new American tanker,
tho Frederick It. Kellopg, 4.450 tons,
owned by the Pan-American Petroleum
& Transport company of Ics Angeles.
She is 425 feet long with a beam of
fifty-seven feet.
FRENCH-BRITISH
REGAIN COSTLY
CONQUERED LAND
(Continued from Page One)
difficult. The first phase of the baUlo
of the Avre finds the French with a
footing upon Thiescourt 1'lat.eau. wa'si
of Noyon which has vital importance
in future operations. The Germans
mubt either capture at high cost, if
they can, or abandon Noyon, which
means the fall of Koye and Lassigny
which already are under menace or
capture. T.'ie disaster which menaced
General Von HuUer's army has been
p. verted for the moment. The few nsr
row passages which now are open foi
the withdrawal of J:is tsores are so
harrassed by the bombs of aviators
and the fire of heavy artillery that
prompt escape is impossible, rendering
probable a desperate effort by the Ger
mans to cling to their 1911 lines.
their attacks in the woodi-i tvgior.s
between, the Mali ai d the Oioc. i.i
spite of btruiig enemy re.-dJiancc. we
siiccecdi d in makir.g progress to t;:c
north ai.d taot of Gury. V'c ha.o
pained a foii:i i:i tne jv.rk of Pies-
: sier Do Koye and reac.'ied I -!v.:l
Further ea.,i v.o have autsnccd cur
i lilies about two kilometer to t: o
'north of thu Milage of Catntironne.
j "Kasteru Theatre, Aug. 12. A Sr
bian ar.ulting d'Huch.nei.t t;.ado' a
successtul incursion inlo ihe eneuy
lines and brought br.ck i risoners End
material. In spite of a violent wi;i:i
our avtalvs have Uoed machine guns
: against organizations and wirkia.
I parties to the west of Gicvgele.
"British aviators liave b.:uu.'(it d
j enemy bivouacs to the noi th of this
, locality."
! "Aviation On the nigJit of August
12-13 our bombarding airplanes
dropped twenty-uiue tons cf hoi.ihs cu
! stations and enemy establis!' 'tients at
(Ham. Nesles. St. Queniin. Ter-.:e:-;
and Noycn. Fires are reported to have
' been seen at sevtral places.
I "On the 12th eleven German air
' rIanes were hro'is'it down or put cut
of action. Four captive balloons kit;
destroyed."
i :;.. .i i ; m r i ert transmitted to tiie
t.t'- Ct j.;-; tin.-.' t s. :.;:;! tliat th Urit
j !sk ai.d rren.'i consular officiu's had
! t.t '.t placid limit r arrest by ih liol
I s. ..-'. i K i. Th- toii::uls latir were re
m d n leas' d.
;i. e tij'se ever-ts transpired I.":ii'io
:r.:l -t;.y bur.-, tied to Kronsta.lt, ,u
: i-.'. i'.rn, o i oi.-i.rti f.om several uj
j ofi'clul s'turces.
3F.TI0H GIVE RcCOCtTIO.
l:y JU-view Lrtitwl V'.n)
j LI.' ! ' i. :. Ac;,'. I". The Lriii' h ui.v
orar.iiiic haj !-.-ii 'd a declaration 'or
j :.:::i!y : oaai.:ii!(; ti:e i'u chvSiovak5
l:.s ;.n nli.cd liuiio.i arj -ho three Cz"
! cr.c-i-l'iv.'i'i .irii.ics ; at cliie.l lure .;
I r ;-'ul.i."ly wa.;ir.g w..ri.:n ayai:i.:t lhl
i Ctn'ra: Towcis.
FOI
STOP YARN CONSUMPTION
d'.v It. vi.
N!-:V 1URK.
-.- I-as...! V'i-. i
.-'.us. !''. . he? :n.ii')ii
AMSTERDAM. Aug. 13. T!;e Ger
man semi-official 'news agency, in a
dispatch to iteriin forwarded .here,
says regarding the I ritish operatioi.s
during the third day of the effusive
in Picitrdy:
"Uurir.g a British attack north of
the Somnic on bcth sides of the Koman
highway, the attackers were caught
from the north In a flanking lire of
shrapnel irom German batteries on
thei .heights east of Albert, while from
tlio south of this position our machine
guns, hidden in the? woods on the
strep Lank of the Soir.me rivt r,tore
wide gaps in ti e attacking rar.hy ::!
forced them to retire.
"The Knglish fared no belter couth
of the river. On both sides ot the. Ro
man load, advancing Priii-h infantry
were taken under the Hanking lire of
weak German detachments which , ere
behind the sieep bankj cf the Sommv.
The attackers astride of proyart, er.
cotiiitered the deft ::.icrs wi:o h.ul al
ready found cover i i advanced si.ps or
t."; old French aelense :-y.-tt r.i. witi'"
the l'jiglisn attacking wave.; u.-ie
t aught w itl.out rotet u: n on the bare
plateau by the German lire.
"On ll'.j rectilinear toman read
enemy cavalry detachments ready for
p irsait. munition columns, rear ituard
it'.!.i:ii -y revet ves and machine- run tor
iiiatioi'i were crowded together.
"Among this compact ot men ant!
horses;, tin; German shells workeit ter
rible havoc while i.ur low flying n.r
I.Taiiei peitcu tae rt;:td v.ili. :ii;l. lui.e
g'..n bull: Is. In t!ie Icr.'ul cuii!i;..id:.,
t.ie l iigash rc.crvfji were forced to
retire."
' f tbc war industry s b.wrd s!cr lay
n halting the production of yarn icr
knittin? in ort-e:- t'j const rve wool hm
army itniloims "may res'iit in l;ie
: Ketj Cross eettin.;; le s -Aool tluin ;t
I n ed;:, !':t .'tt' s r.t t r.i'i.n a o.:iti .'. to
J stiipue of K'i:;in-, in Aii'-rJ-:,a J d
Cioss wfirk loom." accor.itn . to an
i annr.unce.neiit tonk-ht by olfi-ials ot
t!:e Atlantic division.
.LOWS S!?ILAO ACTION
t lievi: W I.v;is.l Win 1
I W.'.SliiVGIOX. Aug. U Keconi
I tic'i ! the i irit.sii governnier.t of ihe
( c ha f o aks as an independent ah
i lit d r.atijn urraet against tt)
' trul p ."e:s .ollows sin:ilar action r-y
;v :.:v.l i-Y ince.
! Only recently Secretary Liinsin; ex
: ;-! d the J'; p sy:i;p.ttay with which
1 il:..s go t,.--.'.n:'. m ideas the naiionat
J :-:-;'iratjiu of the Czecha-SIovaks a si 4
.her c;i.ict.sed i eo; i s oi the Aus:;o-liua;';..:-;i
.;.:i lre.
h:n ;nt rr.id bv tho As.it-i;.',-.l
1 I'r'.ss t Mlleht of i-ie ac.i,)i: o.' Great
! I.Ti;a;r.. I io!e-,r T. ('. M.:aryk. pet.
ill it c: tie ('z' c';.o-":o ak toriva op
1 -.ra: ii-' ii Pay. F.-vnce and .r.er.a.
: d his ::Lh ap; re; iat: n ar.l
I OPPOSITION TO BONUS
l!v It- view 1.- a.v cl V, Ii . l
! UfCXO. V v.. Aug. iu.-liscussitin
' o.' a poveriiM-i'iit b- ius of ?12 an o .n -c
! 1' r the production of void, proposed In
.resolution; presetiti ,1 by t;.e conniit
jifc it; the Ar:ji rii a Gold rur.fen :i e
; br:uslit out opp.si;it,it. Tiie bor.us
j; i i. ed at :i"w void oni; , );,it it is point
led out that tiothirtr is to prtncit ihe
; Mlditinn of oid ; .'dd, 'rU-;i i.l
, liit-p-itsing the i"veininei:l i ;;rd 'n.
I Probably a ?i"w tii .'i v. ill te iti . vvt d.
; ( .tic- s iienie larv: y .idv-' :i" i, is ; .
reduction of tin; prwt orlit n of u'.ld in
'(!:: will. o il '. r-.iu size, uei;3t
. v value.
: am i; vti u'tfMe va :i.:ile s:n-e it
(i ni'.s :ttcr ;u :;n.n t,f a si.ttt.ar
, to u Tc i by the otiitr Uu t'rtat ail:eJ
1'ow
G:. y rt n:!y I rt.'t-N u.r M.-aryJt
; ; d a ! 'he I eciiiv.siovak forces
1 i . his coiii'! a. id a; t.ie Qisji05-! ot
.tiat.-ha. Cecil. TSic f:ic'S in isio.ria
are to Lc aided by ni.itaiy e:;pt auio.is
' tciti.a sen: to ihat country by .ha
li-i'e.i .s a es. i.reat ii.-i'.aM, Japan.
1 .;.ri; e a :d Chii.a.
S ovai. r-pres: ntatlvijt i;i the
' I'ten'.e cup.tals nave c:n'e:. i t.iul
'..-!. b L !. mi t.t o.' an ;ruit.;,t luleni
th:.-i-.:.,K u.ui.i after t!ie ;.ar woud
.- t ui J Urnir beiwcui Go; many
. 1; . t.
'i l!J Li
"Si! t ,
::: ;! Cm O.f !ar:.';.n follows:
ti e b ginnins of trte war f.-
t ; '(.; o-.aU Ti.tti.m t:as ,-eisttd ;be
cc :..!i.;j.i i.'! u:y by t .e... n:t a:u tu ,l4
r.
t ."
RECOGNITION
OF STATUS OF
CZECHO-SLOVArC
(V'tjntHi'K'l I-ota Pice Ct.iii)
' -: : :; u :!;' !. t W its !!t l.i f ':;iry .o
l.e i:.t: rpr-tfl ;is a wttr d"ci-nat
tit:', ii ;a:!.r .!' a (i i.n v :i cf a
st.tie of i!i'!etise sii ii'-'r to t!." Ml
ti.iil x ; t : 1 1 at o:u; time betwe' a ii'js
: i.. t.rt'1 Ge' ..l;.ny.
.'.:i."r; ::; cci.sul '.! ii'i'TveJ ihe
-ta'o de;-ar'r"'r -u fee i:it el' nt i:i a
m: u- tl 'fc.l .ii- i-r The n-xt
word that v.'s received Irten .ios'-)w
;:
s!'v.:ts hae e"i:'-;ii .-
o:-. rbiv titn.y , fih:ir; o;i
i.''. . .. nl -!;le i;: ,,e, atMl :tt
" ". ii ;ia aiid si;,t. i i; to ar
itie (.' ite.in iava ;ti'. l:i ion.:,!
mi ti its I forts to achieve m.ie
e:.c . -":;'.;:i :he tetriil ..nA. r.
' i ;. U.!'.i:.i r- ards the C.t -chu-Slo!
..t!:, as sti ui iid nation a;.d rtco-:-;
vf. s the u!.::.. of tt.-.hr. Ci-ch.
OMik armies as an al'ie'i uin f
i:-:e!:.;it an. y v.Ha!ng re.;;r war. ;;
ii. : i::st ti ,i ,u I -I .nw.ary a ad (; xv..& y ,
"'' :'. -."it.'in c's.i rt cognizes t:.e
ri o ftiu Ciecho-S'ovakj. national
ii) i"(i: hs tin; .:;,rc!S' cr.iii of Ci ...
i .cj-SI 'ik natio-iai in'e.-i u a,
th; i rev !;t tru:-tie of the future
('.:' :! .-'1. iv, iiv co.eriiineiit to exer- i-"
sij;n ft- iri'y oer t.:!--. ul.it d U. 1
'"'!'- '-"r.i annv."
i.-.;i:i. .iis- i.i. Hie rrenca
suJi.d 'itif; olleiisive today between
M.fA'iiiiJ t.'ie (Use rivers, making pi
t-...L .'. 11... ,i..,-tl. . .. i ..r .
r KENCH KESUME OFFENSIVE
P.-iUI:''. Aug- i.l - 'Ihe French it-
the
in oi,-
rc-is (o the north and ast of Gurv ami
thereby Increasing the im -nat e to ihe
' Germans at Uii.sigiiy, act online to the
war ollice statement tonight. Slrout;
enemy resistance ,as unavailing to
stop the attackers.
ihe text of tlie stalemei.t leads:
! ' L'uritio the uuy cur troops resuaiod
THERE'S ONLY CNE MAN
.vim t c'lii-'n i pi I ,-!) if l,c aJvcrtis-tl
in ll.c Kcii.'v CLvjiiiicJ Columns
THAT'S IliL KAISLK F
,-: ...i.;' J-"
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 14, 1918.
FIVE
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
NEW YORK. Aur 13, Rcpiesonta
tive railrosid issues established a basis
for the strength and breadth of to
day's stock market, advancing ia in
stances to highest prices of the year.
Dcubtlefs accelerated by the an
nouncement that liirector General
Adoo is to cottier with railroad exe
cutives and stockholders tomorrow ia
expectation o adjusting the contro
versy arising fiotn the preliminary
torm of rental contracts.
liuyiag of a substantial character
was witnessed in dividend paying rails
and coalers.
Uniti-d States Steel managed to re
trieve its point setback but cau
ce led half its rally in the general rea
lizing of the last hours. Hails also
tused fractionary.
Tobaccos, some of the paper stocks
a-.il minor specialties were 1 to 2
points higher at their best. Motors re
lucted the influence of latest lederal
regulations. Sales amounted to S3,
0". shares.
Rites on Italy hardened some forty
paints, whiie Spanish exchause
slum ped.
I'.oiids. fo.-ei-rn a;id domestic, yielded
a trifle alter ;n early manifestation
of slrirst'j. Sales, par value, aggie
.i.ited $5.575.U0. Old I'nited States
bonds were vaialtered on call.
GRAIN
CHICAGO, A us. IS. Announcement
that Buffalo was shipping corn to Chi
cago and Peoria, owing to high prices
at the two Illinois cities more thtn
offset today in the corn market here
the effect of continued hot weather.
Values closed weak at the same
ycsle: day's finish to 1"C lower, wit:i
September $1.62 to $l.fi2'.i ond October
fl.63'4 to $l.ti:t-V.. oats lost to '-i
Sfcc. Provisions ruaJe pains of a
shade to 20 cents.
Rejorts of i-cattcrcd rains in Ne
braska and Kansas tended also to ive
the bears an advantage in the last hour
of the session. Previous to that time,
the market bad showed decided
decided strensih as a result of further l0!(j j),,mjujm
excessive heat ami because or kick oi j i, !Ui creek
iiricquate moisture. When unloading i q,,;,,,-.
was attempted on a lar.ne scale, ho'- ray (;0R. ..
e.er, no af:resie support remumeu.
Oats averaced lower, even whe:x
corn was strong. Hedging was much
in evidence.
Thresiiiug ri ports indicated good
yi-jids except where drought had
brought damage.
The demand lor provisions was not
an urgent sort.
General Motors US
industrial Alcohol U'SH
Lackawanna 84rSi
Marine 26 ',i
Marine, ITd 98
Mid vale 53 .4
Mexican lVtr(lt:!ui 101
New ork Central l:(o
Northern Pacilie !o
Uending 91'i
U'.ll.ber Oil's
Pep. Steel 92
t'ttidehaker 4.TU
Steel 11 214
Steel, I'M 110'4
t. Paul
Southern Pacific
Sinclair
Texas Oil
rt'.ion pacific ...
U. S. Matines ..
I'nited Motors ..
Wcstir.gf-.ouia ...
BOSTON
Adventure
AUotiez '
AlasKa
American Zitie
Arizona Com 1
IS'.uto & Superior : . . . .
Calumet & Arizona ....
Cal .met & Hccla
Calumet Pan;;c
Chino
C'liie
r ast Putte
(Jranby
(Ireene Cananca
Goldiiold
Hancock
bid 'ana
Inspiration
Kcnnccott
. 4SS,
. S78
. 32
.152
.124
. 42
42 Vi
. CO
. 49
. S-
. .II -hi
. IS 14
. 2)'s
. C7
. 455
. 4S
. 3D
. l'-4
. 'J
. m
. 4::
. 21
. 6
. a')
. 52
. 34
Keweenaw 1
Lake
NEW YORK COTTON MARKET
NLW YORK. Aug. 13. Cotton clos
id iiju at a iiet advance of 07 to 97
points.
NEW YORK METAL MARKET
NKW YORK, Aug. 13 Lead, un
changed: .speller, firm: spot,. Past St.
isuis delivery, $S.45i'S.05; bar silver,
unchanged.
LaSallo
Miami
Mohawk
Mal :ower . .
Neva;! a
North iSutto
MptU'Vine
Shut! tick ...
Shannon
Sup. Host on
St. Marys . . .
I'tali Copper
1'tih Con. ..
5'j
2'i
56 Vi
2i
20
14 '4
).
40
1S'H
69'.
24
15
1
1'4
50
S2
9"i
r I
Winona 114
NEW YORK
(L. J. OVERLOOK, Brckcr)
Closing Quotations. Ayg. 12, 1JI3
CURBS
Arkansas & Arizuiia ...
Arizona Siiver Kins ...
Arizona Ming
l ig lA-tzo
i'.uUe t Iimlon
Calumet & Jerome ....
Cornelia
Cen. Arizona . .
Ccn. Copper
Curtisg
Den n
Dundee
;;mma
i'td. Oi!
Gadsden
Can
Car
Locomotive
'n;elt?r
ir
Anaeoiuia
Ann riean
American
American
American
American Su
Ita'dwin
;ethlehem Steel (B)
C. & O.
Canadian Pacific ..
Crucible
Iii.siillcrs
Krie
Goodrich ......
6s i Geen Monster
. 47
. 6si
, . 8
,. 79 .k
..110
. . 3 I1-!
.. 83TS
.. 5S-i
..124"
.. 6!"6
. . 5ST
. 15 Vi
. 45
Grand Island
Globe Dominion ..
Hull
Howe Sound
Hecla
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper . .
Magma Chief ....
Miami Con
Okmulgee
Pitsburgh Jerome
Porphyry
7
1
l'i
1
14
5
3G
20
- 2
11
t;o
H
4)4
i
30 74
17
2
3
36
60
A Substitute
For Sulphuric Acid
In view of the high price of sulphuric
acid, and the great difficulty in obtaining
deliveries on account of the Government
demand, many former consumers of
sulphuric acid are using Hercules Nitre
Cake as a cheap and efficient substitute.
HERCULES
NITJE CAKE
i
contains between 29 o and
327c free available sulphuric
acid. As used in flotation,
leaching, and chloridizing roast
plants, and also for many other
purposes, when dissolved in
hot water to saturation, it gies
just as good results as free sul
phuric acid. It is being cm
ployed with E'cat success by
many lare concerns.
Hercules Nitre Cake can be
handled much more easily than
can sulphuric acid. It is a
stable, non-corrosive solid,"
easily transported in standard
box cars in bulk, and handled
like so much rock salt. It can
be stored in bulk in bins, it
bcint; only necessary to keep
water away from it to prevent
it from dissolving and wasting
away. For use, it can be added
directly to the operation, dis
solving during the process, or
can be dissolved in wooden
tanks initially, and the solution
added to the process.
Aft
Tie price f Hermits Nitre Cake is $3.00 a ton f.o.h.
Hercules, California, er Bacchus, Utah. At this pi ne
a ton e (6a (J. I', as Nitre Cake uil cost $S.7S.
Compare this v.ith the price ycu ore now paying Jor
C6" acid. For full particulars regarding th;s product
J.'l cut the fiUpon below, and mail it to either the Sun
Jrancisco, Cat'., tr the Salt Lake, Utah, office of the
HEICULES POWDER CO.
A)
San FrancUco, Cat. Salt Lake City, Utah
llllllllliaiiillilllirilllllllllllllllllllliiiaililiiiiiiii:ltliliitlillliilaiiliiiiiaiiiaiiiiiiiiill
Hercules Powder Co.
Pleaie iend nic full paitkul.irs rrj;.irJin Ilircuhs Nitre Cake and
oMite
Name . . .
Company
Addrrss
Kay Here tiles 4'-s
Tom Peed ' 16:5
Tuolumne 1'4
United Eastern ":j
Verde Kx 37 -x
Verde Combination -'x
Wolverine Amona I'.i
West End 1
White Caps 2t
Wrh-iit Martin S'i
OATMAN
(Gy Co;iins and Bntherton)
Pid Ask
Aifai 04
AdT'.nn .i2
Arlzcna Ilex .15
Arizona Tom It , .02 .05
Pic Jim Con ot .n;
Mound try Cone .02
Gold Ore 04 .5
Cold Pond l!on .02
Gobi Cliff .15
Lv.cy Poy
Sunnj-ide 02 .O.'i
Tel uride 04 .07
Tcm Rfrd 1.C3 1 '5
Pnited K:t,;v:i 3.5G ZS.'J
Pni'-d NV:rtftern .02
r.e-l IA3-1 .15
OTHER CURES
Cadsdrn 2.-W 2 75
Cr; (: Mnn ;ier 41 .50
Pi'te London 13 .15
Dundee 75 .S7
Venture lii'l .04
Pitts-Jerome 3t .M
Jerome Verde 11
Ark-Arbona 07 .OS
J-.'reme Portland .17
lliF-N'ei-JIn 0(1 .12
Hall Copper 00 .('.5
Mama Cni; f .- 17 .2
Wolverine Arizona 1.55 1 75
V' rd" Comlihiplion (12 .r.!)
Miami Con.siridiited 02 .05
Xaci-zari C'oiiol..,:ited . :!5
Con. Cop. Mins 5.00 n.25
Porp:- rv (0 -(J
( a.. Ji rnn e 1.00 1 12
Feather Pivf r 12
1
Baseball Scores
;
NATIONAL LEAGUE
W. I-. Pet.
( hica.t .'OS :IS .142
New York ''3 '3 .Vjl
l !ttsbi:r;'li 5. 17 ::'i
PMl.idelpt'ia 45 5S .437
Hrooklyn IS 57 .457
Cincinnati 4U 55 .471
Boston 4i 57 .417
St. Louis 41 tlU .400
DODGERS TAKE TWO
(Hy Ki vii'W l.e:is Wire)
P.IIOOKLYN. Auk. 13. Piooklyn
won both games a double header
from Philadelphia. The second went
twelve innings.
First game: P. II. K.
Philfldelphia 010 000 000 1 4 o
Brooklyn 000 000 0112 lo 1
Hogg and Adams; Cheney and
Miller.
Se: ond game: II. II. K.
Philadelphia 020 000 010 000;; 7 3
Brooklyn ...000 011 100 0014 11 5
Jacobs, Oeschger and Adams; Rob
ertson, Coombs and M. Wheat.
GIANTS BEAT ERAVES
NEW YORK. Aug. 13 New York
defeated Boston in another double
header. The double victory makes
fourteen straight games New York
has won from Boston.
First game: It. H. E.
Boston :..000 000 0404 13 2
New York 010 001 30s 5 7 0
George, Northrop and Wilson; Cau
sey, Uemaree, Toney and McCarty.
Second game: H. E.
Boston 000 000 0022 10 0
New York 010 040 00x-5 10 1
Ilegan and Wilson; Perritt and Pari
den. REDS LICK CARDINALS
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 13 Cincinnati shut
out the locals. A costly error by
Brjck in the seventh permitted the
visitors to get five of their runs.
' It. H. E.
Cincinnati 000 000 5016 C 2
St. Louis 000 000 000 0 4 2
Ping and Win go; Sherdel and Brock.
SPLIT DOUBLE HEADER
CHICAGO, Aug. 13. Pittsburgh and
Chicago broke even in a double head-
MADE COMMANDER
FOR BALI i.'; ZONE
OLDffiR BOYS AREN'T IIITLESS WONDERS
SO FRENCH LEARN TO MAKE BALL BATS
s
' t.ru&Y v.j cmn
in ho wrm T
ViMCI OU GET f?
13",, "A A pT I APAT -'l
A BAT"
- ll
e- - ! i -V
r
BASEBALL GAMES
' WILL BE PLAYED IN
JERUSALEM VE.7Y SOON
V. A.-UI? CKiN. An?. 13. --America:-,
i sir-. Inv with the British army
;n l a e.i'i:i are lo introduce ba-!e-..
i:i t!i;t country ard pre.int
(il in;: t'.H for a number of cam-s
in .( r'.'si.ie.n Complete outiiis for
f;i::- teane.) were shipped from
Washington to(i:'.y by the Clark
G:i:i:th ball and bat f::nd.
'''''''',
J -
Ball Players XtSPatlejj r
Y SV1MMIHG PLUNGE
REPAIRS GOING
FORWARD
tor, Edmund Breese, will be seen in
the starring role.
These huskies, six in number, can
not be commanded in English as
they do not understand the words
used, so it fell to the lot of those
who handled the dogs in the picture
to learn the Esquimaux words neces
sary to make them obey. The words
themselves were eay enough to
learn, but the harsh, gutteral tone iu
which they were ypoken was almost
enough to make the most persistent
actor give . up, they all agreed that
learning a long part for the stage
was much preferable. However, this
difficulty was at last overcome and
the dogs soon understood their new
masters.
POLICE MORE VIGILANT
(Hy Review Leaw-d Wirt?
AMSTERDAM. Aug. 13. Polict
vigilance In the streets of Moscow and
i reirograa nas oeea iniensmea, accord
ing to Moscow dispatches to the Weser
Zeitung of Bremen. Strong Infantry
and cavalry units patrol the streets
ARE WATCHING WITH ANXIOU; day and night. Extensive measures
' hav-A toAn fair An f n nAVAnt a n i ? . 1 . . n
. . .1 . . mrii 1.1 n 11 iu Jll i l Ul DUUUCH
revolution.
MANY ASSOCIATION MEMBERS
EYES AS THEY LOOK FORWARD
TO COMPLETION OF WORK AND
REOPENING OF SWIMMING POOL
T. A. !".:'!?'' !or, f"rrar: b';r L-.ijrue baseball srri! e now with tbo Y. M.
C. A. lr.:. v.Ti'.f- 1 la:': to t'te U. S. that a 1 :tt far-ine threatened '.he s.uff
. jrera v i'.h L'nci" J:::..V. f-ja-s abroad until the Trench were able to pro
iu.'e. ti.o i.tu'l:3 iar tl.e i-i.:nie.
er. Chicago won thr fi-st in a ninth ;
ini.i'!',' i ally. Pltt.sintrnii won the sec-;
ond by Lunching' hits. !
First game. R. II E
j Pittsburgh 001 C00 000 1 10 2
I Chicago 000 010 001 2 7 2
I ('m-liii Civ:ir r.nr! S-'Iimiilt Tvli r :
E
1
and Killifer.
' Seectid Rime. R II
Pittsburgh 014 2n0 0007 1 !
Chicago noi 000 0012 9 2 '
Miller ami Smith; Martin, Douglas.l
Carter. Walker and Killifer, O'Farrell. i
TOMMY MURPHY'S DAY
F03 WINS WHEN HE
TOG
AMERICAN LEAGUE
V. L. 1M.
I'i,i,!ui, 05 45 .t'.ll
Clevelhtid 02 47 .o'i'J
Vasiintoii ijO 47 Si'l
New York 49 5-i .47'J
l.oai:; 43 1 .510
( hicavo M 53 .45.0
l'hi'adelphh , 42 05 .31)3
Petrol 4 5J .4 !S
VETERAN DRIVER PUTS TRIO OF
WINNERS UNDER WIRE AT j
PHILADELPHIA IN GRAND CiP.-j
CUIT EVENT; CHESTNUT PETER j
PLUCKS $2000 PURSE '
SENATORS BEAT ATHLETICS
PHILADELPHIA. Pa.. Alts. 13
Washington twice defeated the Ath-;
letics. Waiter Johnson was respon-;
siilo for the first victory. In the sec-1
end Haiper and Watson had a pitch-!
er's battle lor six innings: '
First game. R H K
WasJiinston 100 200 0025 10 2i
Philadeiphiu 000 0ol 0023 8 2:
Johnson and Aainsmith. Casey;
Kef ne, i'auer, Adams n:id IV rkins.
Second game. ' R H E
Washington 000 000 COO 6 9 1
Philadephia 000 000 ooi 1 10 t
Harper and Aai:::-!iiith, Casey; Wat
son, Pearson and McAvoy.
ONLY CAME PLAYED
The Washington-Philadelphia double
header were the only games played in
American league.
ALLEGE GROSS EXTRAVAGANCE
(Ttv Ttrview Leased Wiro)
WAKCHIN'CTON. Aug. 13. Many
eases ef gross txfhavagan'-e in con
iiecti.n wi!!i pirp!:Mie production have
b'.e::i i!:seevercd during the investiga
tion by the department of justice it
was barred alter tile return of At
trrn'.v General Gregory and Ass;!tant
Attorney Ger.crtil Frierson troia a two
ueels' iiiij'.Jry tit the Curtiss plant at
iiufialo.
l'::tl the evidence lias been analyze;!
:z is not certain whether grounds ex
ist for criminal prosectious, it was
said.
(l:y Iti v.ov. Lit... Wire) I
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 13 Tommy ;
Murphy had a field day at the seeomi i
day's races of the grand ciicilt meet-1
ing at Bi lmont track, the Poughkecp- j
sic re insmau driviti the winner in j
three of the four events oa the card, j
The other race was open to Phiiadel- I
phia heirses only and went to Joker D.
Lake, the best time being 2:)2 1-4 in
the first tv heats.
Murphy landed Chestnut Peter a
winner in the three year old trot for a
purse of $2i!00. The Cossack and the.
Divorcee, owned by A. B. Coxe, of Pa
oli, Pa., divided seeend and third mon
ey. '
Murphy took the J20o0 stake for
2:14 pacers with Oro Fino, which step
ped the fastest heat cf the day, 2:0o,,i
in the second heat. Murphy's third
victory was in ' the 2'. 13 tret which
went to Allan' Watts.
Repairs on the swimming pool at
the Y. M. C. A. are progressing in
gootl shape and these are being watch
ed with anxious eyes by many associa
tion memoers who are Poking forward
with interest to the time when the
pool will r.gain be ready for use.
Although the summer months are
usually the lax time around the aver
age association building things keep
movl;- along livel at the local Y. The
8 o'clock volley ball club is meeting
every Tuesday an i Friday nii,ht and
some red hot battles are staged in the
m.
S.unt night cr open hous-'e is held
eve ry other Saturday -night and Satur
day the 17lh will fiad a five reel mov
ing picture full of action scheduled
for members and their friends. Tlij
Y. M. C. A. male eiuartet will sing
.while there will sl.io be other features
add 'd to the program which will be
announced in full at a later date.
Plans for the fall end winter edu
cational work, which h.i;i been one ol
the big features of the locl Y fer
several years, are being taken up by
?et'y. E. A. Putnam and the euucp-lio-vil
c:n:mitt e und a courts of stud
ies i; proniiied which will be certain
to meet with approval of the associa
tion members and others desirous of
improving their idle time with useful
study.
Will buy any
issue, any amount
Liberty Bonds
at highest market prices.
General stock and bond
business transacted. (List
ed or unlisted).
A. L. JAMESON
435 Security Bldg, Los Angeles
(Member L. A. Stock Exchange)
LOWERS OWN RECORD
(P.y Review Lenol Wire)
XH WYORK. A J.-. 13. D::ke K&Utn.
nraoku, the Hawaiian swimmer, broke
li:e world record set by himself in
the 120 yard swim when he made the
distance liere tonight in one minuto
icven second and two-fifUis. His pre
vious mark was one minute, ei.nht seconds.
AT THE CENTRAL TODAY
A new photoplay of peculiar inter
est is announced for the Central the
ater today. It is called "The Girl With
the Champagne Eyes," and has as its
star the beautiful Jewel Carmeu.
The play deals with the life of a pri
son of such exotic and fascinating
beauty that it stands in the way of her
making a living as other women are
permitted to do. This girl, however,
choses to become a thief, to keep het
self from falling lower. It is enough
to say here that ehe injures through
her offenses the very man whom k:i
ccmes to love and it is her efforts to
make up for this great harm that we
see depicted in a large rortion of the
play.
The play is presented in excellent
fashion. Most cf the scenes are laid in
the far north in the crude civilization
that follows those who seek gold. In
the cast with Miss Carmen are Francis
Carpenter, Gertrude Messenger and
others of the famous "Aladdin and the
Wonderful Lamp" picture.
LION ROLL
A SUMMER ROLL COLLAR
WITH
LINK AND BUTTONS
yIipn i ojiars
OLDEST BRAND IN AMERICA
MILLER'S SHIRT SHOP
HENNfiSSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. OK ST.
City Dye Works
Cleaning and Pressing
Phone 733
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
WANT MORE FUNDS
(I'v Itevii l. ns. Wiir i
ST. LOriS. .Mi:;. 13. Officials of .fie
Si. linn's Nationals in a letter sent to
st-( kl'.old.'rs todpy, pleaded for a loan
of fjo.ooo to meet expenses nd lid"
the, team ov r the winter. The stock
holders r'cciitly subscribed S-joiO'.
Approximately $12.".0'io is still due
Mrs. Helt n Pritton, lormer owner.
Richard Glaze, Oph. .N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street. Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
REAL HUSKIES USED j
The i i:n of Alaskan "huskies" j
used in the making of the Metro pie-'
ture, "The Shooting of Dan McUrew." '
were among those which were brought
back from the North Foie expedition 1
by Admiral Peary when he returned
from his voyage of discovery to the
far north 't his powerful story of tnin-.
ing life will be shown at the Eagle'
theater today and the distinguished ac-;
CATARRH
OF THE
.BLADDER
IB!
tifStfV. bears the lu'
jAAWVWWlrWlrV
CHASE SUSPENSION STANDS
ll
: l'.4 vicv. I .-HSd Wir'-j
( IXCI.NXAT!. . AiJt. l.:.-A'.ia'l.t
Inv, ri t ri t.i'rtt lit !rif f'l'iC. filial 1
b;il; ciuli. b is untitled :1 Ciia.-"
I i- si:sp i( inn v. :! t'l.t end until
I he t!':'.; ,U"i 1i'''. l'Ut-s',i ap'Ut
i -barges. Cl.:i.;e ' :i ; .- MNI-e';il,., j,y
i-iui.: .cr M tbi-'ksoi; ior "it.nilfere lit
w-;k."
I SVfr-f.r7 tf?cX
ATTEN jING TO CHIOKtltS
AND GARDEN
To Our Subscribers
i r
? - i
':S't'V- :fjt
General I'flanJcr Ilaltin.
General Tf lander Halt in -is tb
rrw ronv..iTHer-in-chi( f for the Bal
kan znr.e. Ke is taking the place
formerly held by Geueial ilouuu
Ic.imnf. '
"My iieiclibors are surprised to see
j me looking ,s well, for they tboiig'd
jl would not live to see summer. I had
1 such pa'n around fiy heart us to can.-..1
I nie lo fariii. I kr."w it ca:.;e I no::
! idoatiii'T jitmI prt'ssuro of ras in iny
i-totiuK h. A 1 1 lend in St. I.oui:; tol l
j me to use Vavi's V.'eii'.ie: i al lieinedv
' Mid I iiott' li-"l b tier than in all m.
i I I iv;i tbijiig my own wt. i.. anen-l-i
big t , ;.". ( hir-V tis and my g-.ruen and
' have eh a ; i j Tkiii -e.'' - ll is a simple,
; harm!: ,s : epa.-al ion I tint remo.c.-, ibe
catarrhal mi.k us iiom the intestinal
I tract and iiilays the inflammation
which c.i.i-es prac'ic.'lly ail sl'imacll
liver ii'ii! iiil". ;nal i il m nt s. inelud
. i'lg api nd ici! One d.-.-e v.iil coa
: inee er money ri fundi d
', Sold by Cinbei- llri'g fliiai:;., I.tiw
' ell Dr.i'4 company in Lowell, a!id Umg
i r,i t:i tvef y w lu re.
r,r.vicvv vant ads
BK'NCi RESULTS
j Owing to increased cost of labor, materials, and everything con
nected with the newspaper business The Review has four.d it neces
sary, to discontinue the practice of having the route can icrs 'collect
subscription accounts.
This practice was unsatisfactory and inefficient as mistakes were
frequent and the results of this .system were unsatisfactory bcth to the
subscriber and the paper.
Cj Therefore: We request that all subscription account3 be paid direct
to the business office of The Review. This will eliminate n large
source of error and we arc sure the benefit derived from this course
will be mutual.
Subscriptions not paid in a reasonable length of time will be dis
continued. ,
j We will appreciate your cooperation in our efforts to l ive you the
very best possible service and conserve at the same time.
The Bisbee Daily Review
M?.in Si.
'Yuur Paper Every Day Before Breakfast" Phwne 33
jj SIX
PUTTING THE GERMAN PRISONERS TO SOME USEFUL WORK
4
i; I'v;. -UJf. -TC'
l
5
"9
I?
3 Vi
.v
i-Jr , ; .'5.. , - ... :V ..
Toxiis to v.i rk iim.m t'i farms aii'l
: railri..iil.s and i.i tin- (!!"! n'iH Indnstriiil
iPlaiils is ii- itiv. sai ci'S.si ul!y carried
I out. If is slated Iliai tlu-si- laborers
jaro romitif? into Tt-xas at tin' rale "1
IO.iiOii a nu'tith. More than :mp him
idrcd n day rro rntcrftie throni;1! t!io
1 Kl i'aso patPM-av hctwci n KmkI' l'as.
!I)id Uio. I.arrdo .u:il ISniv iisvillo. U
j is said that tin I'arranza novfiiMiicnt
lis not only l'iidiii rniouraiiciinMit to
ithis inovcmciit of native laborers to
I the I'nilod States, but is rnopeTatlns
j in a valuable way to supply the ile
! iii-.ui ls to tlie fullest extent possible.
All intended laborers are furnished
I w ith free transportation from their
licnies to bonier points. Many r.r
jtheni, under this arrangement, are
iroiiiing fn.ni interior parts of Mexico.
,as far south f;f the Itio Grande as r.OO
to M)0 miles. In mrst in;;anres tho
men are aee,;i,pa:!ied by their wives
land children. They carry all their
j worldly belongings w ith tin m. in tr.ie
j.Mixiean peon fashion. KP'rrts on the
Ipart of Texas railroads to stop this
'practice of these Mexican laborers car
rying many and bis bundles of house
hold belongings upon the trains with
Uitni have prow d unavailing.
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the mcnth, $40;
$ 1 0 by the week.
Henry Poppen, Manager.
Political A nnouncements
German prisoners tarrying British wounded soldiers aboard hospital ship.
r German prisoners taken by the
tallies during their preat drive are
ifceinp pat to work to repair some
m the damage the Huns have done
and to relieve more allied soldiers
for duty on the firing line. The
Hun captives are employed in re
pairing bridges, roads and build
ing. This American official
photo shows some of the German
prisoners carrying wounded Brit
ish soldiers aboard a hospital ship.
YANKEE TANK CREWS NOW ARE READY
TO TAKE THEIR PLACES AT THE FRONT
AFTER PERIOD OF TRAINING IN ENGLAND
are said to have been satisfactory. The
formula for the new bread substitute
ia not given.
the
by
Oiy Review Leased "Wire) . able, that only the best can be used.
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IX There is perhaps no branch of the
ENGLAND, Aug. 13 Another consign-J army service that makes a greater de
ment of American man power that mand on the physical endurance of the
might be labelled "Made in England" man than the tank service, and enr
is ready for shipment to the western ' tainly none calculated to test the
front It is the personnel of the first j nerves more, for within the very small
American tank battalion. fighting space there 13 combined the
Trained by veterans of the British I roar of the heavy ordnance, the rattle
JEWELRY IS DONATED
I DENVER, Colo., Aug. 13. In
i many pieces of jewelry donated
i residents of Denver to the Red Cross
none perhaps has a more varied an?
sinister history than that a Bohemian
poison ring donated by J. E. Zahn.
The small gold band manufactured
more than 200 years ago, he said, has
been worn by several princesses, at
least twice with fatal effect for their
enemies. The bevel of the ring turns
upon a tiny hinge, the pressure of a
hidden spring opening a mall poison
chamber. The ring is valued at Jiouo.
FCCD FOR LIVESTOCK -
lHv Hi-vlew l-eiiscil Will)
WASHINGTON, Auk. 13 Quanti
ties of f.jodstiifs for livestock began
tc.djy to move to the draught stricken
an a of western Texas under especially
low rates establih'ifd by the railroad
administration for the emergency.
TI.ese rates, ranging from ten to forty
per cent below published tariffs, were
;.rov!oed pr a eovernnient means of
f.avini; livestock in the dry area.
FOR SMtHlrf'
I nereoy announce myseit as a can
uniais lor me nominaiicii lor me ouicc
ol htierm of Uicnwe county, sunjct
to toe wia ot tne voiert a: uie uenio
cranu primary to be u-ciu on bepieui
uer io, lata.
W K. BltAKl'lKLU.
' T
rOI! SMtHIFF
I i nereuy announce myseii as a caa-
u:uaie "or ine noiuinaiion tor tne utiico
ot bnerilt ot lOcnise county, r.unjeci
io tue win ot luu voters at tne uemo
crHiic priiuary to oe oeiu ou iiepteiu
oer 1U, i jih.
. FOR CONS I adlc
I i utreny annoume iuyseu as u cu
t uiuaie lor ine nomination lor iu
j nee ol constame lor ixjwen preciuci
I .No. 3, suoject to tne win ot me voins
at uu ueiuocraiic primary to ue uem
on btteuiuer i', iio.
I'jil JUM.N (JACK) KKAM.
GOES FURTHEREST NORTH
OTTAWA. Ont., Aug: 13. A tele
gram received here today from Vilh
jalniur Steffansson, the Canadian Arc
tic explorer, announces that one of
his lieutenants named Storkerson at
the head of an exploration party has
penetrated 175 miles north of Alaskt.
This report, if correct, Steffansson
says, indicates that the party has gone
seventy-five miles beyond the point
reached by previous explorers.
tank service, and equipped with the
most modern of the land warships, the
new force is expected to give an excel
lent account of itself. The British
coacher of the American crews have
expressed their approval of the man
ner In which their pupils have adapted
themselves to the operation of the ma
chines and, unless they are mistaken,
the men whose training in England is
just being completed will be given en
viable roles. Their machines have the
1 lll.T Jill.. 11111.. fuflO, .11.. KtllU 0 1 1 1 1 1
of burning powder, and the suffocating i
fumes of burning oil and gasoline.
Into this little space, not more than
eight feet long, and four or five wide j
and with a ceiling so low that a man
cannot stand upright, there is crowded
the crew. ;
The actual experiences of the Bri
tish instructors, many of whom were
in the first tanks used in the war,
have been reproduced in the most
best points of both the British and ! minute detail for .the instruction of the
COLLECT NUT SHELLS
LONDON, Aug. 13. A systematic
collection throughout the country of
all hard nut shells and fruitstones, urg
ently required for war purposes, is be-'
ing conducted by the government.
English householders, hotel proprie
tors, superintendents of institutions
and others were asked recently by
the National Salvage council to save
all the fruit stones and hard nut shells
available.
PRACTICE OF MEDICINE GUESS
WORK It has been said that the practice of
medicine at best is simply a game of
guesswork, because the action of drugs
! varies to a great degree upn different
individuals; but when a medicine has
lived for forty years, constantly grow
ing in sales and popularity there can
be no greater proof of its merit. Such
a medicine is Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, that famous old
root and herb remedy, now recognized
from shore to store as the standard
remedy for female ills. Adv.
French tanks and the training of t:ie
men has been in the light of expe-!
riences already, gained by the fighters j
of France and England. I
To every man in the. American out-1
fit there have been imparted the stor-
Americans. Little has been lefto the
imagination: the practical has been
substituted for the theoretical. Huge
shell holes, not dug out with rick and
shovel but blasted by mines as though
by the German shells, have torn up
ies of mistakes made in the early his- j the training field; trenches identical
tory of tank warfare. Enlisted men
and officers have been told what to
do and what not to do; all their ad
monitions have been heard not on tha
ory but on actual experiences, gained
In the face of German fire, loosed al
ways upon the slightest intimation
that the tanks are lumbering to the
front.
But as a reminder, perhaps, that the
enemy's fire is seldom elfective is
the insignia adopted for the American
tank corps two salamanders, crawl
ing creatures that worm their way un
with those that mark the battlefields
of France and other obstructions that
tanks encounter have been built and
it is over these that the Americans
have been drilled and drilled until, in
the cpinion of their instructors, they
are prepared to take their places on
the line.
Practical problems of getting out
of tight places have been provided,
and in anticipation of some of the pre
dicaments that may be encountered
careful instruction in recognizance
work has been given. Strenuous work
harmed through the flame and smoke, in target practice has been a daily
It is expected that because of the
excellence of the weapon with which
it will fight and the training it has
undergone the American contingent
will prove( itself exceptionally effi
cient; for, even as the American engi
neers have been careful to combine in
the American tank the best features of
those' now used by the British and the
French, so have the instructors of the
personnel been scruplously careful to
inculcate the most advantageous meta
ods of offence and defence.
Further cause for believing the
American tank corps will live up to
the estimate of the British instruc
tors is the character of its personnel,
both men and officers. They are care
fully ! selected merr, picked from the
thousands who volunteered when the
call for tank men was made. Two
base requisites were insisted upon:
first.'every man must lie physically fit,
and, .second, tempermentally adapt
able.;. The training every man has re
ceived has meant either that he is de
livered to the commanders at the front
as a' wonderfully efficient unit or is !
mercilessly thrown out of the service. I
He is turned over to the fighting force
as an expert mechanic, a man drilled '
in the operation of both machine guns I
and heavy ordnance, a tactician and ,
strategist, and. finally, as a man with
no evidence of "nerves."
British trainers at the little cauntry .
schedule. Indeed almost the only ex
porience not yet undergone by the
Americans is the pounding of the Ger
man fire.
Another bit of training the tank man
has had is in the use of the compass
and just as a lesson demonstrating the
reason for this they have been given
the experiences of handling the tanks
at night, when the analogy between
these land warships and those of the
sea is seen.
Although the Americans have been
trained in British tanks it is not ex
pected they will find any trouble what
ever in operating the newer and
heavier machines from the United
States. The differences between Is
the two tanks are technical and have
to do with the mechanism but they are
not radical. The fighting arid operat
ing principles are the same and it has
been explained to the Americans thai
the man who can handle one can han
dle the other, much as the: pilot of
one make of automobile can easily
learn to drive another type.
TRY FLOURLESS LOAF
AMSTERDAM. Aug. 13. Experi
ments to perfect flourless loaf to take
the place of bread have been recently
conducted in Germany, according fo
word received in Amsterdam.
Advices from Berlin sav that the
town: where the Americans have been Workmen's Food Control commisison
coaefced have been careful to explain j has successfully carried on the experi
to the men, as they weeded out the un-ments w ith the result that bread with
fit and those not tempermentally suit- out flour was made. The experiments
LEAVE WORRIES BEHIND ENJOY YOUR OUTING AT
LJ
HERE YOU WILL FIND
Splendid hotels, cottages, apartments and a big tent city.
An invigorating cool summer climate.
The finest surf bathing in a velvet surf
Excellent pier and deep seaf fishing.
The only endless pleasure pier in the world.
Miles of the most beautiful motor boulevards and drives through picturesque
canyons over muns sloping down to the sea and along rugged cliffs.
a promenade of gaiety with countless amusement
concessions.
A big clean city.
A delightful summer home.
You can live just as cheaply as you can at home,
enjoying a complete rest under the most ideal
conditions.
Ask your agent for through tickets to Ttedondo Reach.
amber of Commerce, Redondo Beach, California
Mi:
ASKED TO PARTICIPATE
WASHINGTON, Aug. 13. The
United States has been asked to par
ticipate in a commercial congress in
Montevideo, Uruguay, from December
17 to 24 of this year." The object of
the congress is to promote and expand
trade and commerce on this hemi
sphere, particularly among the Latin
American countries.
CONSTIPATION
And Sour Stomach Caused Hui
Lady Much Suffering. Black
Draught ReHered.
MEXICO SENDS LABORERS
According to reports received from
different Rio Grande border points the
plan of bringing Mexican laborers to
I'm strong for
PSTte!iES
My favorite
food
Meadorsvtlle, Ky. Mrs. Pearl Pat
rick, of this place, writes: "I waa
very constipated. I had sour stomach
and was so uncomfortable. I went to
the doctor. He gave me some pills.
They weakened me and seemed to
tear up my digestion. They would
gripe me and afterwards It seemed
I was more constipated than before.
I ieard of Black-Draught and de
cided to try it I found It just what I
needed. It was an easy laxative, and
not bad to swallow. My digestion soon
Improved. I got well of the sour stom-
i cch, my bowels soon seemed normal,
! no more griping, and I would take a
! dose now and then, and was In good
shape.
i I cannot eay too much for Black.
I Draught for It Is the finest laxative
I one can use."
I Thedford's Black-Draught has for
many years been found of great value
In the treatment of stomach, liver and
bowel troubles. Easy to take, gentle
and reliable in Its action, leaving co
bad after-effects, it has won the praise
of thousands of people who have nsed
It NC-135
J.AliGEST STEEL FREIGHTER LAUNCHED
AT KEAliXY AS ?FAXV THOUSANDS CHEER
tSVvcH ; ,: :' .
feHv. Tl i " .'
rs -i -v' a v .-.4 ;
. - '
- ; i
If VI
4 ' . -
,K , '
-i-A
K s X" " ; 'i
- ' - ;- ii
The largest steel freichter built on the Atlantic coast under the war
shipping program was launched successfully at the Kearny, N. J., ship
anls recently. The new vessel was christened "l.ilerty." Ten thousand
ptr-ons watched the launching, which was succesbful.
FOH SMtKIH-
1 nereuy announce niysei as a can
didate lor me nomination icr tne oitice
ot sberiit vt Lucnise county, saoject.
to tne win or iwi voters at tue ae;uo
cnuic primary ui De ceia on feepteui
oer tu, vjib.
JAMES F. MCDONALD,
2u Deputy u. S. Marsnat.
hUA CONS I A BUt.
1 nereoy announce luytstu as a can
uiuaiu lcr Uie uommaiioa ior tne oi
nue oi cousiaoie ior ioweii precinct
.so. A, nuujhci to me win ot me voitra
tne uemociaiic pnuiaiy to lie neiu
on acpieuiuer lu, uis.
JjU Llii..N.Nlfci liOCIlfcl.
t-UK CONSTABLE
"Shur-Fit
Suits, Skirts and Tailored
Dresses made to order. A
perfect fit guaranteed with
every garment we make.
Every 'fashionable effect
all the newest designs and
colorings in fabrics. It is the
quality that attracts and the
price that sells here.
Refitting Remodeling
FRUITMAN'S
Ladies' Tailor and Importer
Hughe Block, Bisbee Phone 74
(Opposite Central School)
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
FOR SHERIFF
1 nereoy announce myseu as a can
didate lor the nomination lor tne ot
rice ol shcriir or Cochise county, suo
ject to tne will ot tne voters at tne
repumican primary to be Held on Sep
tember 10, 1J1S.
585 LORENZO WRIGHT
l nereoy announce myseu as a ciui
muaiu ior mo nomination as constaoie
ior tne loweil i'recmel, Xso. i. Sub
ject to tne action ol tne. Democratic
voters ol mat precuict in me primaries
on sepleiuner mm.
16T U. H. IiOHMKALK.
I-OK CONSTACl-E
l nereur announce iuyseu as a can
diuate lor the nomination Ior me or
nee ot constable tor Lowell frec.net
! AO. 'S, subject to the will ot tne voters
at me Democratic primary to be Held
on September l'J, VJU.
2U0 JAMES BAKER.
r
FOR SHERIFF
I nereoy announce myseu as a can
didate for tbe office t-t Blicrl.I ol Co
chise county, subject to tne action i t
the voters at tlie democratic prima
ries to be held September 10. uis.
EARL V. SANDS,
. C. Q. Smelter, Douglas, Arizona.
FOR TREASURER
I hereoy announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of Treasursr of Cochise county,
subject to the will of the voters at tne
democratic primary to be held on
September 10. 191S.
GUY C. WELCH.
FOR CONSTABLE
I Hereby announce myseu as a can
didate tor tne nomination ac Constable
for tne Lowell i'reclnct. No. 3. sub
ject to tne action ol tue Democratic
voters of that precinct in the primaries
on September lwa.
207 GEO. D. CROWLEY.
FOR SUPERVISOR
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of supervisor of Cochise county,
subject to the will of the voters at the
democratic primary to be held on
September 10, liJtS.
I. C. E. ADAMS.
CS4 Ex-Mayor.
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce myself a3 a can
didate for the nomination as constabio
tor the liisbee precinct. No. Z. Sub
ject to the action of tne democratic
voters of that precinct In the prima
ries on September 10.
G20 A. E. SHEPPAF.D.
C a HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAN
FOR CLERK, SUPERIOR COURT
I hereby announce-myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of Clerk, Superior Court of Co
chise county, subject to the will ot the
voters at the democratic primary to be
held on September 10, 1318.
J. E. JAMES.
FOR JUDGE, SUPERIOR COURT
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of Judge, Superior Court or Co
chise county, subject to the will of the
voters at the democratic primary to he
held on September 10. 1918.
ALFRED C. LOCKWOOD.
FOR SUPERVISOR '
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of supervisor of Cochise county,
subject to the will of the voters at the
democratic primary to be held on
September 10, 1918.
897 V. M. JOHNSON.
FOR JUSTICE OF PEACE
I hereby announce myself as a' can
didate for the nomination as justice of
the peace, for the Lowell precinct. No
3. Subject to the action of the demo
cratic voters of that precinct in the
primaries on September loth, 1918.
714 GEO. K. SMITH.
FOR JUSTICE OF PEACE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as Justice of
the Peace, for the Lowell Precinct, No
3 Subject to the action of the Demo
cratic voters of that precinct in the
primaries on September 10th.
J. L. WINTERS.
FOR JUSTICE'OF THF PEACE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as justice of
the peace, for the Lowell precinct. No.
3. Subject to the action of th- demo
cratic voters of that precinct In the
primaries on September 10th. 1918.
822 J. B. HODGES.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
FOR CONSTABLE . j
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as constable !
for the Bisbee precinct. No. 2. sub
ject to the action of the democratic ,
voters of that precinct in the primar- j
ies September 10. 191S. ;
411 BERT CLEMENT, i
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
' AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
Gas Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to Yoin
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply, of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
JL
Bisbee Improvement Co. SEVEN
OLDIERS PARADE I N ! MRS. B. W-SMITH
LODGE NOTICES
earns or every irdLerum order m trie Warren District; giving the esscum.
laci.t o, cau!, tueir meeting nigina. lu'ir omeers and U:e p.ace ol gt .ur
11. i ne ijiiia uiiutr t.ieir rspecnve aead.ngs in laest cuiuui..
DAILY REVlEWilWAftT ADS
nu.e: nsvmcuia uuuer una ueau at ine rale or t win. yir wora eaco issue, wiIm minimum cnarge ol 20 ctnu
ottiiuai.mt'un iuum reaea me iteview ottice not ulm iuau a p. ui. ur luaeiuou in next morning s popci.
3
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 14, 1918.
FOR
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Throe ranifc lulK.rers. two
teamsters, good wages. Warred
rdULU 4i3
VV 111 I Hi 1 U " 1 . -"!. C. A. OCllOOl, LiUJ
iiugu.u, aoout Am-, lutuiu, com
iiieicim uiid fcllgliiewriiig wanes
1 rai;i lur sei 1 ice. -
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Girl 10 woik
daiiy. Phuae Red 7V3.
iu smail
WANTED Experienced chamberiuai d ;
at once. St. Elmo Hotel. 48 o .
WA.V1KU Ala:d tor iitnt liousewcin.
..d iemale leip Wanted
. ' AIENT NEEDS 2J,UuO .
At S aohiUfcton. uiuuiui- j
1 c.ervvnefe in -cidgucl. Lx-
u,.liik u..iioctv:ry. .Men uud ..0 -
m.u uesl.mg goveiii:;ieu lo.ii.o::s
I
,ite 101 lice parucar-is to j. C.
Eejuaia, (iwuivi L-ii oei
waiiucfj, rc.iiw 1AU., tv
ice Ea-
OOVEANMENl" iLU 11UL.H Clvi;
ollt lCHi tiXAAllAA 1 lO.sS lu j
auoU.-. 0,uou cierKS 10 iu aiiiJOiiiL-
ea at asiiingtou. Experience uu- j
iiecesjjiy. Men anU a. emeu uebu-j
iug goveiuaicui cleibfuips wme ljr j
ieo particulars io xi. E. ifcny, (tot- j
lucr Civa bcrvtoe fcxaiumci;, iiu
coiuuijidu ouimiug, WaMiii.giou,
D. g. 4t
fosmons Wanted
WANTED A. T. Blown wants work
at liuuh.e cleaning, porter won.
l'atiie alV
AN 1 r.u liy ooy l(i years oi age, a
luace to w oi'k alter ocuooi or in luc j
t,eOiiig. Auuiess iJojl lb 00. 494 j
w'AN 1 rU 01 k. oy hour or day ami
usuing to late notue.
riwue :n. 1
4 J J
1
AN'l fc-U
Uougias
liy young girl just out ol
ius.iiesa college wisues i
sieuooi-apliic position.
Sua.
call ijiack
414 !
WAN i'KD Workins
gagciueuls. liox
opjra Drive.
nurse wants eu-
IbOJ, or cail 130
4o 1
"WANTED I'osilion by experienced
ciiainucriuaiu wan reierenee. King
iac& alter b u'cioct. .
40
For Sale
rUU bAlfc. iioise ana two wauiia
ai a real oargaia. can at celery v ig
ioiuiug cuiiip-tuy piam- tioruieriy
l.i.sjee 1'iuueer toUu works;, loniu
sioue canyou. f-
iTUit iALii lutpruvca lancu 01 twen
ty acres iiuaer lour wne icuco,
1.1. eeu ccieg nab ueeu cuiuvaieu
mue room uaiue noase, garage ana
otner outbulicines, two gooa wclis,
cue gas engine ana one n.-.uu pump,
larining utensils, t'.veno oeariug
iruit tiee ana one Jersey cow nuu
uoen cnickeus. Located one halt
mile east ol U-lorn station. A small
casn payment and balance 011 terms,
bee Cius Halgter. ut2
iOR SALE Idodern live room nouse
at W arren, together witU taree largo
101s. Will give terms. Location tae
oest, all t'euced, good gaiage. ilere
is a snap. See ouner, J. E. ilropliy.
I'none 2tii, Lowell, trophy stable.
S71
FOR Sa'lE liunaics ol old papers at !
me Ueview office. Large bundles,
price 2oc.
FOR SALE Crescoat notel sold cheap j FOR SALE Lumber house tent, can
lf taken at once. Krewcry avenue, j vas ton. Tank hill. Price $50. In-
Wilbur .McLean. Z'.K , jire Mrs. John Jackson, 125 Quarry
FOIl SALE Furniture, beds, stoves,
chairs, etc. Next door Standard
laundry, liakersville. 4'J5
FOR SALE- Five rcom compel ely fur- j
lushed house in Warren. E. B. Rid
er, C. Q. office. Phone T20 after
K ' . i7i t
V . .... . . ,
FO!i SALE Hcoming house, 17
looms, best location in Douglas;
good lease. 1)34 G avenue. Phone
121. 4331
FOR SALE Three lots in Wood can
yon. Apply W. A. Arthur, i5 Y'ar
ren hill. 448
FOR SAL?; Several desirable build
ing lots, near end of car iine. In
quire G. II. Cobbe, Upper Tombstone
canyon. 547
PETEY DINK All Is Not T.
- Mine -DoUt MOMITIOMS -I Now i f 10ST s- I iuwcm 5 T o-. I
For Sale
' W SALE Refr.geiator, piano,
; u.h cua... clu. rocie., ui
music, cmna painting ouiiU. it
j (iKUi.y i'i.one 4J0
i o.v oalk rom, 111 goou suape.
uei iaud &.rae.. iu 1
. . 1
r un SALa-Nearly iiewcaio.'e lire-!
Uu.'tiUkfr. i'iiouc bjo Gieeu.. o4 '
1'U.t o-vl.Hi iJi5 Mouel Alaxweil, ai
most uun. five passtuger, ouu.
512
j, tJA ale isl'f Mouel seven-pasBeu
ubancr lour, 4i0. Sn
r oil SadE one Studeoaker lour,
m-'i eu passenger, 11 1 model, almus.
new, $odU.
ol j
FUR SALE ii.ouera live loom Duiiga-
uvv, luruisheJ or uuluruisued. Caaii
t,r terms. Appiy Box t08.
1'oK SALt, One axis Axminster rue,
arescr, gas piate,
1UJ OCUOul lUll.
kilclien caoinei.
t15
i''Uu iAE!'J cuuaiy uirui.
.uiiso, ,ci roaa.
noioroua
4ii
SOU SA1E One refrigerator, Jlo;
uue ouiie, one timing laole,
(.j0; one ueU complete, one
ciuiu s oea ii. 212 UiacK Knou View)
arren. I'none liTtf DiacK.
fOU SALE One Chevrolet car, one
lals t'OiU touring car in goud conui
tiou, cueap. ti. ouiger, uaKersviiie,
turee oiocud east 01 oiantiara Laun-
ury.
'Oli SALE Four room house. Fot
particulars apply Airs. L. b. Louge.
louuglood U111. - 4sii
EOU SALE
Five room furnished house. Upper
Lo.vell, $uo0 cash, balance easy
terms. Apply to Ai. C. HigU.
"-" '
111 toou comiiuon. lanit nui, ou
caou, uaiauce easy iciuis.
Three room house, iu good condition,
ToiuUsloiie canyon, iso nui to ennui.
I'rice tUUU. ollu casn, tiaiance easy
payments.
t.igni room lurnisnea House, opcia
urive. A snap, 4U'J casn, oaiaiiee
easy payments.
Ai'l'L TO M. C. H1UH
FOIl SALE One three room aouse
w.Ui bath, lot 76. See Wh'.tmen, Co
chise How. 46S
FOR SALi: Jersey cow, Don
(irst house south oi church.
Luia,
Hi
FOR SALE Furnished house. Very
desirable for smill family. Cash
or attractive terms calling for com
paratively small payment down.
I'hone Green 665. 4S4
FOU SALE Bundles cl old papers at
the neview office. Large bundles,
price 25c.
FOR SALE 1G0 acres improved, three
miles ironi McNeal on Central High
way, four room house, good barn,
gralnary and other outbuildings,
good water, sixteen toot Samson and
engine pump, good reservoir, lots ot
grapes and other trait thirty-five
acres under cultivation, lenccd ana
crosls-Tenced ; ten bead cattle, five
milch cows, three work horoes, one
colt, farm machinery and tools.
31'u0, half cash, terms -on balance.
Herman Suhonen, McNeaL Ariz.
FOR SALE Maxwell touring car. 1S17
,,,0,1, fjrst ciasa condition. I'hone
Ked 527. 50:1
canyon.
41V
Wanted
WANTED To buy
a tent and
Phone 166.
two
army folding cots.
510
. J
WANTICI) Furnished
house, conven
iently and pleasantly located. Grvc
all particulars. Address "G," care
Review. dh
WANTED Stenographer, rapid at
taking dictation and at typewriting.
Addrt-ss B, care Review. 223
PEVIEW
WANT ADS
RESULTS.
BRING
N. T. That Reposes in a Munition Factory
For Rent
FOR RENT Three room houic.
screen porch and bath. 1'lione 50..I
Will give employment for rent ol
same. 514 j
FOR RENT Three furnished house-1
keeping rooms. John Ceron, War- j
ren. No children. vzi
FOR RENT Two or four room furn
ished house, Johnson audition.
I'hone 6i6 Green. W-l
(UK RENT Large leoin, suilaui'j lor
one or two genueineu. nuuiimg wj
ter. inquire vv arren Drug Co. 1j.'
FOR RENT Ihree room aparimciit
lumished, with bath. Inquire ;o. 1
Duuer hill. 455
FOR RENT Two well furnished
rooms, large pantry, clothes closet,
front and buck poich, 5 111 ad
vance. No thildien. Residence of
G. M. Porter, 234 Mason car stop.
71i
FOR RENT Two unfurnished
new
rooms, lights and water, 14. Geo.
Welch, upper 'tombstone canyon.
501
FOR RENT One large liousckeeiung
room, suitable for man and wite,
lights and water; also one furnished
room for two gentlemen. Rent leas
ouable. 19 Oak street, Oregon
rooms. 501
.,,
FOR REN1 Three room furnished
apartment, long sleeping porch, gas,
etc. Jones hill. Phone Green 6H6.
SOS
FOR RENT Three rooms unfurr.ish- i
ed; also nice suite furnished.
Standard Furniture company. 483
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. 42 Jiggerviile.
483
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms. 12 Jiggei vill.-.
4yi
FOR RENT Nicely
Mrs. E. 11. Smith,
Tombstone canyon.
furnished room.
Williams stop,
517
FOR RENT Furnished front room,
outside entrance. 85 School hill,
back of Episcopal church. 50U
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms.
21S Tombstone canyon, opposite
Anderson store. 418
FOR KtiVl urnisnea rooms at tuu
liisoee notei, inu running water.
31o
MOOSE HOTEL uruiabeu
z.ov per ween ana up.
rooms
4H
Vv AM 1 hu Roomers and boarders.
Jiggerviile. Mrs. Chas. R. Kirk.
711
Money to Loan . , .
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note 10 saianeu men ana women, al
so on lumiture. cox Loan CO. Koom
z. Lyric ineatre building. lbts
Miscellaneous
AMERICAN CAFE
Has
hands and will put up good meals
at 35 cents and 40 cents.
iii) !
BEAUTY PARLOR Shampooing
manicuring hnlr lirPKinp fa,, iiisv
sage, scalp treatment. New Art :-". cjmuianuei ui i..e mm uiibuu-,
store. Phone 545. 5lu"'- u- ll liaymoud, chief oi stall ;
i jiayor it. i. iiat'.iiuoii ot Dcming, .uii :
WILL PARTY who found black siikjj. A. .V -Honey, president of the Dci.i-
parasol with gold handle, in the roan '.v. tiia::iber of cominerce. j
Just below depot Sunday, please re-i british Otiiccrs in Line
turn to the Review 4 j7 Following the statf o:fi els., who j
imaiciiid aceorci..g lo tl.eir rank, u:ac
CLAIRVOYANT READINGS Clair- j ,i,e memoeis of the Bntish milmrj
voyant and card readings daily ex- j n, is "ion, icadc d by M.:j. L. Kirk
cept Sunday. Mrs. E. M. Boyle, 17n,ov,n. These were roloiwej by tne j
Montana street, first street back ol ! regaining ollicers of tne 31th "dl.is-!
Lowell bakery, Jonnscu addition. i
473;
FIRST CLASS DRESSMAKING No. i
5 Brooks apartments, O. K. St. 4vi
LEARN actual auto repairing, book- i
fc.n:n.r .hnrth.nil rutin Pmrinenr-'
lne Youne Mcn't tibrisdan Asso - i
ciatlon. Los Angeles.
Catalog free.!
2;;n I
j
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job un -short notice
LIEUTENANTS OF FRENCH ARMY
WHO WERE TRAINING MEN AT
honcr; children OF ONtj
ADOPTED BY ENTIRE 34TH DiV
The jk' pic of I
re.ul a Cew days '
igo Lciil the diuth by drowning ol 1
i two
FreiiLh lieutenants and t'.ieir
I hajficur.
wiK ii they wore vaiight in a bis wa.sii, . cll trou')!.-, f,-s of appeiite and ner
!i'o...ied ,y heavy rains. The follow- j vo-nncss. .vly h-ad ucUe.l so at times .
!:. ae'oim: of tl.ir funernl apt-ars j jC tvu like it would jump , from my
in the Camp Cody edition of Trench shoulders. Thea aeute rheumatism got 1
Ai Call p: I hoid ot me, and punitd me sj 1 could i
Py far the most important funeral j not sleep. .My leet, knee joiuts and ;
rort' co ever f, on in New Mexico w:is cli.ows would sw ell tvrr.M and tne I
1 anirlpp.'e.l in by tV.c mi'itary .md pain was almo I unl:eaiaide. Kefore 1
i i i - a:thorities of Camp Cody and j i,Mik Tanl. c I h:id not been un :nui '
1 1 cm in
'cdii KCiiy morning, in jonor
of the two French army oiiic-t rs wiio
Lis: their lives
triiiptinr lo rt
Inst week while at
s a mountain torreiii.
First i ieut. Ferdinand Herbert. 16-ivl
Ai-dne inl.Miirv. and First Lieut. Je;i:i
j. f,i, 7:;rJ infantry, the body of their
.chauffeur, Sgt. Ernest J. I'ieard. na
been i.reviously sent to the home
cf his mother, Mrs
Henry Picard,
Worcester, Mass
At S o'clock in the morning requitm
' riass was celebrated at the Catholic
' (.hll:ch Rcv Father J. J. Martin, chap-
i ,.lin ()f ,hP ln;,th ammunition tr tin
!,ni1 .nin, mtliniii. rhanlain at Cn.lv.
assisted by Rev. Father Joseph JI.
'l'- "' " m
IIMHII, 01 lit la'.illK. 1 lie eAuinu iiiuoii:
ws iii rharpe of .Mrs. Hellen K. lioost.
Bodies Sent to Arlington
At the conclusion of the church ser
vice the remains were escorted to iho
union station and sent in nn observa-
tion Pullman direct to Arlington. Va., t
national cemetery,
there .to remain
d 'iiug the war.
Masstd Bands Play
Heading the procession irom tiie
church were the massed ba-ids of the
34ih division, under the leadership of
Soigi. Jacob Schmidt, leader of th'-'
133rd infantry band, with Serut
Wheeler of the 135th infantry band as
'itriim neiuir Thu hnnilu nlavfd fink.
pin's funeral march, and to the sol
emn, teautil'ul strains of the music
the procession wended its way to the
depot.
Following the band came the l.ead
rjiiortirs troop cf tha 34th division,
ii'u drawn sabres, followed ty the
a eiehe.s i the lourtii oUlcers' train
ing stiiool, several hundred strong,
under aims, and marching in perfect
lormation. The caskets were borne
on a motor truck and were wrapped
in the tricolor of France and the Stars
and Stripes. On each officer's casket
was nis sword and helmet. The cas
kets were preceded by the Rev. Father
J. M. Curnot and four chaplains ironi
Camp Cody, and were Xol.ovved by Ma
jor 'llitnier, Cnpt. ftiareel Clavel and
the other ol.'kers of .the Frtiuh Mis
sion." The pall bearers, 12 lieutenaiws
from the 3ith divisiou, walked on
cither side of the caskets.
Special Guard of Honor
Following the French olficers came
.he four oiiicers and sixteen non-com
r
missioned officers, composing me s;e-
ci.;l giu.rd of hcaor which accenspan
changed (. ,..,. -1 i . 1 -1 f . n Ni-m in
,ine wc). Uie sla,f" oflU,tirs of Uic ai.
vision, headed by Geueral jo!iusto;i,
division conijianuer. , Waiking wni
uouc.Hl Joiiitsun were General il. A.
ca te.tral hunurrd strong, inarching
:!i rmiiaetitai formation, ibt-se 0111-.
t,lfi-w.l l.v !hi f,n-il-f! tiwn
ci ti.e divi sion, marciiing by regiments.
I l lie pr.( -essioi: Vias so :ong that whin
'- - u it-Lcbed the depot in ;
las' "f f'e soldiers Had not yet le.t
- le ""Il;". ten blocks away,
U-'eral Delivers hoiiiiss
As ii.e strain:; oi nit'sic u.ed away,
' 1 jonnsto:: and Major l hi nier
:iuva..cid to Hie center ui tne op"n
qi:aie, ihe gen' ral delivt.ing an elo
:i.;ent addles.;. He pronoiineed ana
, i:i mas aguiiist the brute oi Beiin
!;iud praised tlie a'iied armies ti.at
; are lighting lor universal fret dim.
iiranrjo VagJry of Fate
His tnliMle to t!'.e departed soldieio
v.a touching and btuutifiil. He re-
j'TH Praise Tanlac as Long
as I Live," She Says
Was in Bed Ten
Long Months
"I'll praise Taut ie the longest day
I live tor giving me back my health,'
I
I
I
, . ..ir.iid .111 n. 4,. . 11, ui oil., 1UI-
1 .1..., ,....f ll, I,.. V..!. I
1,,.,, i,e si,.-i::l 'l.il.l:u: 1 .1:1 e.;enl.(-:
tive. vho bad heard tf her reiuaiUable j
reeoveiy. cai.eu to ascertain me iat ts. ;
l.ignt ycarj ago, continued Mrs.
Smith. "I besran k:i If ir from stiini-
uboiii, nor able to uown town lo,-1
three long years, and was in bed tori
t.'ii ipoinns perfectly heipiess. 1 was
un.ler Ueatment every day for three!
months, an.l I tiled everything until ,
the .ills gt so bi 1 dreaded to think '
cf tin 111. but I ncm r Kot a'.le to lie n:- ;
,r : i
01 oea out very nine.
"I suffered until I lost thirtv-five '
liouuds. but 1 ha.e irottcn baek 1 vei v
ounce of it si;;ce I began takine Ta:i-
lac. Pretty soon after I started on it
my appetite came back, and I gi so I
could cat anything. My nerves tot i
stronger, and my pain commenced to :
eel !esj. After tile second bot.le I
felt much .stronger, and it wasn't leng 1
bolore 1 could get about the house an.l
do my work i haven't a pain of any!
kind now. and my sleep is as s;.u:t.! j
and restful as a baby. I am full ot
lite and energy and leel fuhy able u !
go down town when 1 please, as 1 can
walk and stay on my leet all day. in
fact 1 can do as much woik as 1 ever!:
could iu my life, if not mole. a;.d 1'JuNiOrt OKDtK UNI I cu AN.LK-
jusi feel so happy over whi't Taniac- j ICAN MECHANICS
lias done for me mat 1 want everybody I Arizona Council, No. 2
to know about it. 1 have told lets cl Meets in I. O. O. F. hail First and
people about it already and knew Third Saturdays. Visiting broinufa
many w ho aio taking it on account of ' welcome.
what it has uom: for me." I HOY E. SMITH. Councilor.
Tanlac is soi.1 in liisbee by J. M. ! P- W ILLIAMS, Itec. Sec y.
Ba.l, ;u Douglas, by i)o;igla Drug com- I'- O. Box 1076.
puny, iu Paradise by G. A. WaiKcr. in 7T r 77 ; : 7
Howie by B.wie Drug company, in San 1!,;sboe' Ari-ona, the came betn? in?
Silillill l!V -I t ('iun;t In Uill.-rtv l.v
A. A. Nicholson. 111 Lowell by Loweil 1
Drag compuiiy, in Benson by C. K
.Uo.ss l'liarmacy,
'luylur, ami iu
Drug company.
in Gleesou by B. a.
Warren by Warren
. vi i.4 to tne -l. a..ge irony of fate t
ti.at iotjx tiiu t rem n ollieeis larougti
niiee years oi perilous war t oe
iiiunucd m a desert country.
M-jor riieni,- bpeaks
General joiiastoii then ; introduced ;
-ilaji-r 1 beater, senior ouicer of t.:e j
scutheru dep.u .;i.tiit, who spoke elo-t
ii-aen.iy ai.j Vila luiicu leeliiig, 111
iiibut. to uviid otlieers, lelling or
iv lii Ufii v.ii.-:, teiiiiiii j 1 . . , , 1 v.. ,--,i"l
, , , ., s . . t made Homestead Entry. No.
luati.e wua Lieiteiunt J-?- ... . .. , . v. , F,
tne UUtlc l.ne ,n France. , st-.on 34 Township li S,
fTa'..Pi?r-. ...Jnange 32 E. G. & S. R. Meridian, has
lini 111:1.
tJ Oil
Following li.e ciosing aduress or tha
' ' , ,l: A , ur',:e-"'
tu .7 ."'"-' i""ie,.
Jcgwus uut.e v.i..sI!elII.ller Lai;cU State8 fommirsicner
rtt ine auseatieii ui Jiaj. 1. v.,
Criiii.uiiis, assistant division judge ad
vocate. General Joh.iston called the di-vii-ion
oificcrs together and it was
unanimously agreed to "adopt ' the two
l.ltle girls of the late Lieutenant Jo- t
Igou, El-tn and Suzanne, who live wiii!
tlu ir nioiner at 13 Rue de Rhiii, Paris. ,
General Johnston, Maj. 11. M. Nelly,'
b:iau.-ii adjutant, and Maj. t. if. itoo-.
iii-j, udjutaut of the 67th brigade are ;
a ct-n.iiiittet. t ) see that the first pay-1
n e:it ( t ?ii,'jii reaches the uuio
Minis as soon as possible.
Such Cbristain acts as these seem j
io soiled the horrors of war.
I'LVILW
BRING
WANT ADS
RESULTS
IN THE SUPEFilOP. COURT, IN TH1
COUNTY OF COCHI3E, STATE
OF ARIZONA
f-'OTICE TO CREDITORS
Es'ate of liny C. Jucobs, deee.::u -1.
Notice i , hereby given by tin; und-.-r
signed, Nora Blown. adm:nistra'ri ; d'j
bonis non, of the estate of Roy c.
Jaob.i, de'ia .ed. to the creditors of
and ail persons having claims n-; mist
the said deceased, to exhibit Ui.ei
with the necessary vouchers within
four (41 months after the first publica
tion of this notice tu the said aiiminw
tialrix de bonis mm, at the office of
Fiauigiin it.Miirry, attorneys at iui.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
.Meets evi-:y friuay
ngnr. .)se lian.
MiriiiK n.-itaers c.
ii'ly invncu.
li I. GLEAKU.N,
l:ciator
KAV r.GKS, Sec,.
1
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DP CADN AUGHT
L. O. L. NO. 210.
meets in I. O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. ',VM.
T. S.MI'1 ri AN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. lox 46, Iiisbee.
" '
EISBEt LODGE, NO.
-.. i - -
10, I. O. O. F.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Feiiows' Hall
r W
'Subway slrec
, at o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
'Hall phone ll'J.
G. A - PLl NKETT, N. G.
LEbl'Ei: ElblACE, secy.
PY 1 hIAN SISTERS
Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
aui1 lourth fLursday eening of eaet.
mouth at Otid Fellows Hail. isitnio
sisters are cc i ;iiaiiy invited,
illN.ME BLUM, .M. E. C.
Phone Black S51
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Box 1475
'""- "
8aid titale lu 8;ud C"
ui!ty ol
Cochise.
NORA BROWN.
Administratrix de boi.is r.on, of the
Estate of Roy C Jacobs, decease l.
Dated tl.is Mil day of August, m.
Fiist publication, August 1. litis. 3-
j NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
I Department of the Interior
! U. S. Laud Office at Phoeuix, Ariz.,
i June 22. 1318.
Notice i hereby given that Charles
j Lee Simpson, of Rodeo, Grant County
1 New Mexico, who, oa May 2i. l'JIS
filed notice of intention to mate three
year proof, to establish laini to Oie
,,nd abQVe de.nbtHt bef,)rc llenry c.
i at Douglas. Arizona, on the 10th day ct
' September, liilS.
Claimant names as witnesses:
i David C. Banda, of Rodeo, New
Mexico.
William C. Hale, of Douglas, Ari
zona. James Houston, of Douglas. Ari.oua.
I,',il...i-t I. 1 1 , -r r . 1 1 nf i:ni!e New
.:,..,
L. litVI.W
Register.
436
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Oi.ice at i'lio"ni::. As i:" ,
June 22. li: S.
Notice is hereby given that jJirnico
Dela.iey tornn-rly Bernite 'A. Davi... of
Hereli.rd. Ar.:::.na. who, on Mi' rch 26,'.
liil.". made Homestead Entry, No. '
027i)7i), for Si.uih Half (S . S. -ii 'ii
10. Townshi.'i 24-S, Range 22 E. G. Ail
S. R. B. Meridian, has tiled notice oi j
intention to make Three Year iToof, j
to cst:U)lish claim to the liiinl above j
described, before Henry C. I'"i:mler, I
I". S. Commissioner, ut Douglas. An- !
zona, on the luth d;iy of September, j
litis.
Claimant n.imes as witnesses:
Frank C. Cobb.
Angus Gillis.
Charles Martin.
William Ryan, all of Hereford, Ari
zona. JOHN L. IRVIN.
43" Register.
AMERI-
Meets In Medigovicb
- V.f ' 1 1 i V.
. '-.? l niirht. Visinii'' lirothera
Mi noistit-
3. F. BENTON, Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone IodJe No. 19
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Thursday
(except second! iu Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
3!
p. m. Visiting brothers
i,' cordially invited.
II. K. V. OOTON. C. C
.'. E. McCALLU-M. K. of R. S-
LuuGE NO. 671
Regular meetin; first and third Fri
day of c:ica month. Visiting brothers
cordially inviteI to attend.
JA3. ALLISON, Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES Or SECUR
ITY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at I. O. O. F.
Hall. 7:0 p. mf Visiting members are
cordially invited.
k ARNOLD Sl'HMTD. l'resident.
P. (X Box 34 53. Iwe!I, Ariz.
FREDERICK J. ATTA WAY.
Secretary, I-oweiL
E. LINDQUIST, Financial Secretary.
P. O. Box 3:4';, Lowell
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
- LoweJl C;.inp No. 45 will
r.ieet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy Hall.
II. C. I-VNDAU. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
meets in Masonic Hail
Pearl Chapter, No. 6. meet
in Masonic HaU second and
4fcurth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
EMMA WOODS, W. M.
MRS.
Phone 161, Box 43, B':sbe
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Secy. P. O.
Box 22i)ii. Chairman Relief Com.,
Fhouo 161.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
BisTjee Aerie. No. 175. F. O. E-. meets
first and third TUESDAYS. S p. ni.
Eagles Hall. Visitors cordially wel
come. J. F. WllMOTH. Pre .-.lent.
F. C. FENDERSON, Sec retary.
C. L. ED.MUNDSON. Aerie Physician.
and 3rd Mondays
-V of .ich non:!i at
i:30 at .uedigu-
icli Ha!l. Visit-
in? nunihers cordiaTy invited.
B. F. MOSS. President.
MRS. C. K. FINOTT1. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
HONOR.'. VUNCH.'. Secretary.
Itox 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 1:;415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd Fellows' Hail.
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
II. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
WEEK ENDING AUGUST 17. li18
MoLday
Tu er t! ty- 2 ml 1 K g ree.
Wednesday
Thursday
i'ri'iay
Saturday
W. W. GlDI.liY. W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sery, F. & A. M.
J. W. TOIAND. E. H. P.
C. F. I'HILl KdOK. T. I. M.
! F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
' F. S. DAVENPORT. SoeY-'ary Chap-
I t-:-r and Cotnmanib ry.
! W. it. BANKS. Seeretaiy CouneiL
By C A. V0IGH7
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
CAN MECHANICS
f K FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
fuVi.7?J 'j Bisbee LoIge No.
A Ai 452 meets the 1st EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 14, 1918.
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
The Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
HERE ON VISIT.
Mrs. Ellon Koss of Douglas, is In
the city visiting Mrs. V. T. Owen.
HERE FROM NACO.
Mrs. A. K. Toleson of Naco, was In
the city yesterday for a few hours
shopping.
ill at Hospital.
John Newell of School hill, motor
man at the Holbrook, Is at the Copper
Queen hospital suffering from an at
tack of pneumonia.
IS ON VACATION.
Mrs. Ora Collin, head clerk at the
Miner store is spending a few days
vacation with her sister. Mrs. Robert
Arborne, and family, at Hereford.
HAVE BABY GIRL.
Horn to Mr. and Mrs. George Farray
of Wood Canyon, a Rix pound baby
girl. Mother and daughter are doms
nicely.
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS.
There is a telegram at the Western
Union office for Mrs. John Morton and
another for Refugio V. De Rivera
which, have been at the office for sev
eral days.
HERE FROM TOMBSTONE.
Court Reporter w. M. Philliposki and
wife arrived in the city yesterday from
Tombstone. They will remain here for
several days visiting friends.
i
GOES TO DOUGLAS.
Judge A. C. Lockwood lef yesterday
for Douglas where he expects to re
main for several days, looking aftor
bis political fences. From Douglas
he will go to the northern end of tin
county on a like mission.
BRIDE ARRIVES HERE.
C.W. Douglas, engineer of the local
division of the state highway, was in
the citv yesterday to meet Mrs. Dong
las and both left for Tombstone. The
Douglases were recently married at
Savanah, Ga.
RtTURNS TO WORK.
Robert Campbell of Tombstone !an
yon, powder man at the Czar mine, has
returned to work after being at home
for two weeks owing to a severe at
tack of indigestion.
RETURNS FROM VACATION.
Miss Sally McCall, teacher in one
of the local schools, returned yester
day from Flagstaff where she has been
visiting friends for two weeks.
VISITING FRIENDS.
Miss Ruth Willcox of Warren, and
Miss Harriett Hamilton o Cananea,
are visiting the Misses Margaret and
Hildegarde Grebe of Tombstone.
HERE FROM DOUGLAS.
Mrs. M. F. Dicus and daughter, Es
ther, were In the city yesterday from
Douglas for a few hours shopping.
They returned to the Smelter city ear
ly last night.
LEFT FOR SEATTLE.
Miss Mary Williams lpft Monday
night for Los Angeles for a short
while and then she will leave for Se
attle, where she will visit her' par
ents. TO VISIT BROTHER.
Miss Agnes Horrego, stenog.apher
In Judge Winter's office at Iowell, left
last night for Oklahoma to visit her
brother, A. T. "Gus" Horrego, who is
or the 109th mortar battery at Fort
Sill. IIe expects to leave fqr foreign
service soon.
IS EXPECTED HOME.
Miss Verda Arborne is expected
Jiome next week to take her position
ns teacher In one of the loca' schools
this winter. Miss Arborne has been
visiting friends In Vallejo". San Fran
cisco, Los Angfles and thq beachss
for two months.
DAN CUPID VISITS.
Miss Zulu Holden and Arthur Strand
berg were married last night by the
Rev. H. C. Compton. Mrs. Strandberg
Is a sister of Mrs. Parker of the Sani
tary Bakery at I-owel!. The groom is
today LYRIC THEATER today
ALBERT E. SMITH PRESENTS
CORINNE GRIFFITH
"LOVE WATCHES"
"THE
Balcony 5c Main Floor 10c
a member of Class 1-A and expects
to be called soon for service.
HAPPY FAMILY.
Born to Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Gnndry of
Mason hill, last Friday night, a six and
a half pound baby girl. Mother and
child are doing nicely. Mr. Gnndry is
employed by Hie Copper Queen.
RETURNS FROM VISIT. j
Mrs. James McQuillian and daught-j
er Anna have returned from Demine,
X. M. Mrs. McQuillian has been visit- j
.ing her son, John, at Camp Cody. He1
has been at Camp Cody for the past!
two months and expects to be trans
I ferred soon.
jCOPPER'OUEEN ARRIVALS.
I W. P. Mk. Denver. Col.: T. It. '
Grace, r.o'jelas: VT. H. Haywood. Hons- j
Jton; K. O. Mossie, Dallas; Mrs. C. Cal-!
:obey and Anita Calobev. Ikiigl.ii:iC. !
j Freeman. El Paso; William .1. Tona
hue, Morenci;1 Ed. Hitter. Ei Paso;;
j Frank J. Ijingon. Douglas; G.. E. P,'.H-1
ton. C A. Tick. Phoenix: A. H. Tays. ;
! F. Mi'.lor. El Paso; John Rulby, Now
Mexico; Jack Cox, C. C. Cohen.
FOR SAN FRANCISCO. :
L. II. Povee. genera manager ;f I
the Woclworth store in Hisbee. leaves'
tonight for San Francisco to assume 1
full ehanre of a new store which is to I
be opened at San Francisco. W. M. !
Maxey. from Riverside. Cel., will take
Mr. Rovee's place at the local Wool
worth store. Mr. Bovee has been in
charge of the liisbee store since last
April and many. local people will re
gret to see him go.
PASSES WITH HONORS.
: Word has been received a few iays
ago by local friends irom Clair MaJi
gan who is well known both in lilsbe
and Lowell, stating the great interest
be has taken in his new work. Young
Madiean was formerly emplove at
the Shattuck mine in the mechanical
department. He enlisted a year ago In
the navy as machinist. He has taken
the submarine examination and passed
with high honors. He also will take
another examination next month for
first class machinist. Young Madigan
is stationed at the submarine base In
the Phillipine islands, Cavite No. 2, U.
S. S. San Francisco.
POPULAR COUPLE ARE WED.
Miss Ida Watkins and Private James
Tuttle were married last night at the
Baptist church by the Rev. H. C.
Compton. The young couple had in
tended the marriage to be solemnized
quietly but their friends heard of the
intention and. arranged maters accord
ing to their "cxvii desires and honored
them with ahanuet. Both Mr. and
Mrs. Tuttle hae many friends in the
district. The bride formerly was em
ployed at the... F-:r store as cashier.
Mr. Tuttle Is- r-. inember of Company I,
35th infantrv, stationed at Lowell. Pri
vate Tuttle- expects to leave for No
gales soon to join the remainder of
the regiment.
I
BEES StlNG CHILDREN
INTO UNCONSCIOUSNESS
AND KILL HORSES
CRv- Review I.easfd Wlrl
DENVER, Colo., Aug. 13. Ma
rlon Baxtrum. 1". of Meade, Colo.,
is unconscious tonight as the re
sult of an attack by a swarm of
bees this afternoon. His sister
Ellen, IS, was also badly stung
and the two horses which they
were driving to a wagon were
stung to death. Neighbors rescued
the children with firo extinguish
ers. MUST ECONOMIZE CLOTHING.
CTiy Review I.easwl Wire)
NEW YORK, Aug. 13. Despite the
fact that the government has taken
over the entire wool stocks of growers
and dealers for war mes, there re
mains in the hands of jobbers and
cutters-up enough material to supply
civilian clothing needs for a year, Her
bert Peabody. chic of the wollen di
vision of the war Industries board
said today in nn address before the
National Association of Retail Cloth
iers. Mr. Peabody advised the cloth
iers to urge customers to economize
by wearing their apparel as long as
possible. . ,
SHIPPING BOARD ORDER
WASHINGTON, Aug 13 President
Wilson today issued a proclamation
putting into effect amendments to the
act creating the shipping hoard de
signed to prevent foreign Interests
from obtaining control of American
ships or shipping. j
CONTINUOUS: 1 to 11
IN FIVE PARTS
WHARTON'S FRESENT
EAGLE'S
Episode No. 14 in Two Parts
BIG V COMEDY,
" Sneakers and Snoozers"
SCREEN TELEGRAM
JUSTICE FRANKLIN SAYS
WAS MISQUOTED
IN ARTICLE
i
jMEMBER OF SUPREME COURT
j SAYS NEVER MADE STATEMENT
THAT COULD BE CONSTRUED AS
PUTTING SUPERVISORS IN CON
TEMPT Justice Alfred Franklin, member of
the state, supreme court, who is in
Hisbee in behalf of his candidacy for
reelection to that office, made correc
tion of an article, given wide publicity
in the newspapers of the county and
state recently, in which he was Uoted
as having told O. Gibson, a Tombstone
attorney that the board of super Isors
of Cochise county was in contempt of
court in proceeding to name a date for
holding an election on the matter of
county seat removal.
"The article has been called to my
attention frequently while in this part
of Arizona," Judge Franklin said. "It
is possible that Mr. Gibson was mis
understood by the newspaper origin
ally printing his statement, as I made
no such remark to him.
"He came to Phoenix recently with
an application for citation of the board
of supervisors for contempt of court.
No other members of the court were
in Phoenix alt he time I told him there
was no quorum to act upon his ap
plication. I refused to Issue the cita
tion he requested. I told him further
that there was nothing to indicate to
my mind that the supervisors were in
contempt or the supreme court. It was
true, I told him, the papers in the case
might have been filed on appeal, but
even so, we never had taken official
cognizance of the fact, nor had we
considered the matter or issued any
order. Under those circumstances the
supervisors certainly could not be In
contempt of court.
"I am sorry this matter has come
up and has been given such wide pub
licity. Under ordinary conditions I
shculd pay no attention to it, but as
matters lie, I feel it to be no more
than right that I should correct the
statement."
CITIZENSHIP GLASS
STARTS SESSIONS
AT Y. M. C. A.
TWELVE MEN PRESENT LAST
NIGHT FOR OPENING OF THE
WORK BETTER TO PREPARE
MEN WHO WILL ASK GOVERN
MENT TO MAKE THEM CITIZENS
The Y. M. C. A. naturalization class
started last night with twelve pres
ent who are registered to take the ex
amination in Tombstone next month
In an effort to secure their second
papers. C. C. Flynn is In charge of
the class and was very well pleased
with the interest taken last night by
those desiring to become citizens of
the United States.
Hereafter the evening class will
start al 7 o'clock with classes held
each Tuesday and Thursday nights. In
addition there will be an afternoon
class twice a week, also on Tuesday
and Thursday, with the starting ;uu
2 o'clock.
All who have secured their first pa
pers and have registered to take the.
examination for second papers ner.
month are eligible to attend and are
urged to do so. No fee is charged for
the classes and the information to be
gained therefrom is such that no cne
seeking citizenship can afford to nii.s
this opportunity to practically insure
his securing final papers at next
month's examination.
WILLIS !S NOMINATED
(Fv Review I..-iyol Wire)
COLl'MIHS, O.. Auk. 13. Former
Governor Frank B. Wil is received the
r publican nomination for governor
over Edwin Jones and John II. Arnold
at yesterday's state-wide primary eke
tio;i, according to returns at 1 o'clock
this morning, figures Indicate Wi'lis
defeated Jones by 25,000- votes.
EYE"
Reserved Seats 20c
J
COCHISE COUNTY BOYS
WHO WILL GO TO
CAMPJKE
KREBS MAKES PUBLIC LIST OF
THOSE WHO MUST LEAVE
TOMBSTONE AUGUST 2G TO GO
TO ARKANSAS; .INCLUDES SEV
ERAL YOUNG MEN FROM HERE
TOMBSTONE, Ariz.. Aug. 13 Sec
retary Kay H. Krehs of the local hoard
j today issued the list of there who will
I go to Camp Pike from Tombstone on
! August 2G. at 4:15 p. in. from Cochise
county under the recent call made.
The list is subject to change, oin
I to transfers and rejections, etc., which
I are made from time to time before the
I continugf nts leave. Following are
I those listed to go, unless lurth r
! changes are made:
j Class of 1917
4fii) William H. titration, Tucson,
Arizona.
; 722 John Edward Clark, Lowell.
- 11(27 Harry M. Ross. Seattle. Wash.
1331 John Samuel Smith. Douglas.
ir21-George Delphine. Tombstone.
1916 Charles Clyde Young. Douglas.
1033 Thus. W. Dendy, Light, Ariz.
i 4')7 Edgar Wm. Wilson, Lowell.
218S William Epthemion, San Diego,
j California.
i 2355 Thos. R. Ryan, Chicago, Jn.,
Hoard No. 1.
2476 Ed O'Conuell, Leadville, Colo.
2494 Clint Thomas, Hisbee.
2529 Geo. J. Nical. Douglas.
2612 Andrew Mortensou, Kingman,
Arizona.
2113 Thos. A. Barnes, Lowell, Ariz.
2X64 John Claud Sumrall. Douglas.
3129 Kiat Robt. Umstead. Lowell.
3156 Alfred Verran, Los Angeles, Cal.
3366V2 Edwin E. Knight, Huntington
Park, Cal.
3491 Frank Brown. Light, Ariz.
3510 Ramon Lopez .Murvetta, Pan
tana, Ariz.
3561 Robt. R. Russick, Bisbee.
3C19 Joe E. Hambrick, Long Beach,
California.
3947 Chas. A. Perkcs, San Francisco,
California.
! 4051 Chas. H. McKeon. Yoakum, Tex.
j 4059 H. V. Heachman. Ft. Bragg, Cal.
4244 Edward Lange, Lowell.
I 4311 Wyatt Harris, Miami.
. 4469 John Dethloff, San Francisco,
California.
4377 Earl Win. Merrill, El Paso, Tex.
4726 Everett S. Rueger, Folsom City,
California, or EI SecWundo.
4747 Anacleto Moreno, Hisbee.
4807 Arvo Joh Hongo, Lowell.
5024 Oscar F. Burns, Animas, N M.
6469 William F. Monahan, Lowell.
5172 John J. McDonald, Doug-.as.
5243 Rene I. . Regnier, Ueaumont,
Texas.
5262 Merlyn F. Roane, Hisbee.
5345 Paul Mills, Courtland. Ariz.
5402 Carl Arthur Strandberg. Bisliec.
54 S2 Bert Miller Roberts, Apache,
Arizona. -
5495 Albert C. Laner. Hillsdale, Mich.
5533 Fred Lee, Douglas.
5912 Chas. M. Riddle. Douglas.
Class of 1918
2 F. A. Wheeler, Hisbee.
4 Chas. E. Angle, Bowie, Ariz.
54 Jesse Edw. Curtis, Bowie, Am.
117 James Madden, Bishop.
125 AITred B. Jones, El Paso. Texa.
166 Clarence G. Stetson, Unveil.
194 Daniel Thompson, Bisbee.
REGENT RAINS HAVE
BROUGHT GRASS
FOR CATTLE
STOCKMEN BEGIN TO DENY HIGH
LY COLORED REPORTS CON-
' CERNING DROUTH SENT TO
OUTSIDE WORLD AND AMONETT
SAYS WINTER OUTLOOK GOOD
EL PASO. Tex.. Auk. 13. Ke.-ont
I rains on the Pan-Handle ranee have
envr rtcd that section into a carpet 01
green firass. Secretary W. L. Amunett,
of the Pun-Handle southwestern stock
men's association, said today, lie i!o
i nil d reports given out in eastern Texas
that droulii ronditions- nrevailini? i
the Pr'-t-Hanill . mil In Vnur Movi, -i
i ?nd Arizona. Rains have been -re- '
! ported recently to the secretary's ol- '
j fice from all parts of west Texas, N'fv
Mexico and Southern Arizona and In-;
sain ti:o drouth was nrnxen with siii
i ficient time for the grass to-grow lor
j wiater crazing and indications were
: Rood for winter Rniss in tlifs ecti.m
:f the southweut, Secretary Amonctt
!faid. Cattlemen in this district an:
! not beiiiR- forced to sell becaie ot
ranee conditions, lie added. Satisfac
tory arrangements for carrying cattle
loans by t!;e federal reserve bank hav
i been niaje with (he war finance com
i mitti e, according to the secretary.
AMARILLO RtPORTS RAIN
AMAKILIX), Tex., Aug. 13. Th it
I this part of the Pan-Handle of Tex:t!f
. is not suffering from drouth rondi-
! ,1.... i I 1. . . - r..n ...
I imiii.-i, iijul I OJI1UU3 laiui 1 1 ii , e i.'iit-ii
: throughout all of noithwest Texas dar-1
ing thr, last six weeks, that crops are
pood, prass Is growing and the cat- !
i tie f'it, was the statement of K. W. I
'Hardin, president of the Amarillo I
I chamber of commerce following a !
j meeting of the hoard of direc tors of i
! that organization tonight at whi'-h a I
representative of the board win .jiv
I verclv criticised for a report which 'ie :
I la said to have made recently to the j
federal food administration at Hmis-j
ton.
I The report In question recently ap
peared In Associated Press dlsnatches
under a Houston date line, together
with statements from Itrownwood, San
Angelo. and towns of the southwest ,:
declared all the country "destitute of sioners. i ne legislation is soupni oBs ., w.rfectly lovely residence place..
vegetation." and cat tie "in poor con.Ii- ; relieve the financial stringency in the , is , ;.s;oercd that remarkable self con- ; BISBEE SCHOOL OF MUSIC
tion. jhlghway department and permit of n trol has been exhibited by Arizona pen. ' Privato lessons given on the
Amarillo is whollv surrounded by .broader road development policy at the )n that they have restrained iho'n- stringed and band instrument, by com
gieen fields and feed crop are r-v .close of the war. The legislature also ' selves to one lynching. t tent instructors. Satisfaction gu: r-
ported In all this section lo be in ex- will be asked to consider a traffic code j ; anteed. Phone 3 .!.".
cellcnt condition 'vvit-'i u penally clause. REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS 4L!7 K. M. UUOH'X, Director.
LAULJfc-
I TODAY ONLY
ii r w
I IN
"The Shooting of 0
(From the Poem by Robert Service)
A Gripping Story of the Rough Primitive Life in the Wilds of an Alaskan Gold Camp,
Showing the Lawlessness Which Prevailed in the Days When the Country Was Gold Mad
PATHE WEEKLY
ALL THE LATEST EVENTS
Admission: Children, 10c
NATURALIZATION TO
TAKE FLAGE ONE
DAY LATER
FREDERICK JONES, EXAMINER
FOR THIS DISTRICT, SENDS
WORD THAT HE WILL BE UN
ABLE TO ATTEND SESSION IN
TOMBSTONE UNTIL SEPT. 11
TOMBSTONE:, Ariz.. A tie. 13 CITK
J. E. James of the supeiior court to
day issued a notice to those who have
made application for their final natu
ralization papers, who were to have
been examined in Tombstone on Sep
tember 10, that, according to the new
regulations issued this year, the ex
amination will be held on the 11th in
stead. He received a letter from Ex
aminer Frederick K. Jones, of the de
partment, advising him of the law. and
all who had figured on coming to
Tombstone on the loth are advised, not
to appear until tlu 11th. .Mr. Jones'
'letter, and excerpts from the regula
tions governing the matter follow;
August 6, 1'.1S. .
Clerk Superior Court,
T.imbstone, Arizona.
D"ir Sir:
Your attention i3 called to the pro- :
vision of the seventh subdivision of :
the Naturalization Act of May 9. litis.
which provides "that it shall not be
lawful to have a declaration before
the clerk of any court on election 1
day or during the period of thirty days !
preceding the clay of holding any j
election in the jurisdiction of tho j
court." j
As the primary election in Arizona j
is to be held on the loth of Septem- j
ber, no declaration of intention
should he t::ken in your court after;
the loth of the present month. The j
election of November 5, 10 IS, also
prohibits nny declarations within thir-j
ty days prior to that date. ;
Your attention is also called to the j
provision of the general lav which
forbids the heirin? of a naturali.-a- i
"Ion petition or the listing of natural-1
iz.it ion certificates within thirty days i
of a general el- ciion. This would ap-:
ply to the primary election and also'
to the general election on November.1
5, 191S.
Verv trulv rours, J
FKKlKitICK JONES. ';
L S. Naturalization Kxamincr. !
Naturalization Laws of May 15, 1913 '
Provided That it shall not lie
lawful to make a declaration of inten
tion before the clerk of any court on .
election day or during the period of
thirty days prec eding the day of bold- j
ing any election In the Jurisdiction of '
I the court.
And it is further provided Tint
no person shall be naturalized luir
shall any certificate of naturalization
he issued by any court within thirty
days preceding the holding of any gen
eral eleetion within its territorial juris
diction. FACTORY LIKE TRENCH
WRITES FOCH TO PRINTERS
IHv IV' W I.c iscl "Viic
SCKANTON. Pa.. Aug. 13. At the
opening session of the International
Typographical I'nion. President Min
den i. Scott read a cablegram I root
Marshal K i h. saying:
"The factory, like the trench, is a
post of ei mb it. Tlie duty is not to
aban h n it before the enemy. My com
pMmtnts to your union for having un
derstood it so well."
NEW LEGISLATION FRAMED
I IRv Ki-vkw l,.-:is.i YVii-e)
PKNYKIl. Cole.. Aug. 1:5 An In
! cr ased automobile tax. the transfer
of the state inheritance ta from the
J general fund to the hk-luvay dcturt
iment und a clause which will permit
the people of Colorado to vote upon
a highway bond issue in four years
probably will be asked of the legis
I lature this fall. This proeram was
(outlined at a meeting today of the
'executive committee of the Colorado
i Stale Cood Itoads association with th
.legislative, coniiuuiee 01 me c oior.mo
Mute association ot couniv conimis
n-lEATESR
Continuous 1 to 11
METRO PRESENTS
n
mm
Adults, 15c
entral
(c
Today Only Continuous; 6:45 to 11 Today Only
WM. FOX PRESENTS
JEWEL CARMEN
in a Drama of Alaskan Gold Fields,
"The Girl With the
Champagne Eyes"
A Drama That Has Thrills of a New Sort and a Story
That Will Live in One's Memory.
ALSO
JAMES MONTGOMERY FLAGG'S
One of the Girls You Know,
"THE GOOD SPORT"
Admission, Children, 15
93?swt mm. !
87 MURDERS IN THIS
STATE SINCE LAW
ABOLISHED
FIGURES GATHERED BY ARIZONA
GAZETTE SHOW HOW INSECURE
LIFE IN THIS STATE IS SINCE i
DEATH PENALTY WAS ABOLISH- j
ED; INCREASE OF 100 PER CENT !
FKhtv live murdcrx occurred in Ari-,
z:r.:n in the "irst ci-htecn months fol-,
!cwing I Me abatemer.t of the death pu- !
ally. Since then there have been v. j!
niort nr.'.rdor.-, on in Maricopa and the:
c-iu r in Cochise county, bringing the i
total to ci-hty-teven. In the eighteen t
month i piior U; the time c apital puu-
f.;!i:i:cnt was abolished, thirty-sis rnur- i
Ji T3 occurred.
The-e fimi'os ar; from the official I
records of the several counties of tit" I
state. As gathered from the dil.er'iitj
iei'iitie.; by the Ari :oaa daetle. they;
malm the follow in;:; fi ii; !i t"n" exbibiti'in j
-f i". -pa:e in crime, noiwithstulvliiiu i
the 'A t that during all of the period
in which capital ptrnishment has bev.i '.
.liiiiciU'd prohibition of ihpior has been
in ifc t jt the state:
A; .T he c i. inly 0 4 '
; i ,i::o county " 4 '
CcicV.i.ie County 12 14
(irahaia county 2 6
C.ila county 2 8
Maricopa county 2 IS i
Mi have county 1 2 '
.aaio count v 0 1 ,
Pima county 3 4
Pinal county 4 6
Santa Cruz county 3 6
Yuma county 1 2
Yavapai county 4
9
S5
l To.als 26
' Th?' increase or more than 10o per;
i cent in murders since anniillnient of!
,1 capital punishment sounds fiiiificiently ;
appaiiint,, but it becomes much mor .
so when the number of the crimes is
considered eithty-seven in eighteen
tn n: "it. This n cans nearly five mur- :
ders the month, or more than one each
week, anion:; a population of less than '
SOO.tWt'.or smaller than the population
of many cities in the country in which
murders are classtd as a rarity and j
the occasion lor general notice and 1
condemnation. Considerlim tbe great
Lain in crime in Arizona sdnce taking
i Hf thp ,,,,,,,, penalty and establisti-
; r.nt ot ( putation for the penitent lary
TODAY ONLY
hi
an BflcGrew
Reserved Scats, 25c
Theater
1
J
Adults, 25c
NEW TROOP UNIT IS
QUARTERED HOW
IN DISTRICT
COMPANY A 22D BATTALION U. S.
GUARDS, REACHES HERE AND
GOES INTO QUARTERS NEAR
LOWELL WITH COMPANY L OF
THE 35TH INFANTRY
A new troop unit ha reached tbe
district nn.l settled itself in quarter
rear l..)v,e !, aloac with Co. I.. :'.':h i:i
fc.ntry which will conp'u-te a solid year
rf service in the local field toimirrj.
Trio arrivals wer? members or Co. A
22nd battalion, I'r.ited States .jar is.
Lieutenant Keiger is in command.
Ccmpany A came to IhU district
frov.j San Antonio. Tex.. wiire it wis
rc-creited and where it has been in
service for souie time. It is expected
that the new organisation wi I rv te.e
Cd. I, which is expected to leave here
soon for its lesiicental ;;tatiou at No
galcv. '
ANNA H ELD'S FUNERAL
!; Itevier- I-eawJ Wirr)
NI.YV YORK. Aug. l:; The funeral
of Anna Meld will be held here to
aiorrow. After the war the body will
he taken to Paris.
Business Locals !
ROCKHILL'S STAGE -
B1boe-Tombgtone, LaTs Btsbeo
Btsbee Auto Co.. 7 a. m, 1:30 p. m. 7
Phon BinbM 5. AdT.
L. U Cili'ian sella the New F.-ilsoo.
"tho phonograph with a soul."
DANCE.
C. A A. Band Dance, Warren Tart,
Wednesday and Saturday. Adm mis
sion fO cent. Indies free. Adv. 744
Dr. Playfalr. Osteopath. SS Mun
H11L Misoa car top. Phone Blue 47.
Adv. 131
MATERNITY HOME.
Hlack 573 for terms, etc.
Advertljemect-974
Call
Painter and Taper Hangine
C. J. BRANDT
Box 130 rhone 5
J