OS
TWO SECTIONS
Twelve Pages J
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL 21, NO. 117.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
3 11
mm
41
mrMT a jTa a ran ft r
r-x 7 i cm c
r no
REST CM
BY TROOPS OF
GAIN GROUND
BRITISH MAINTAIN THEIR PRO
GRESS IN ENCIRCLING VALEN
CIENNES WHILE FRENCH SERI
OUSLY SHAKE GERMAN DE
FENSES ALONG THE SERRE
YANKS BETTER SELVES
HAIG PRESSES FORWARD AND
FALL OF LE QUESNOY WHICH
IS VITAL TO DEFENSE OF MONS
AND MAUBEUGE APPEARS TO
BE NEAR AT. HAND
BRITISH HEADQQUARTERS IX
FRANCE, Oct. 25 (Reuters). Brit
ish infantry, moving along the rail- j
way northwest of Lequesnoy, have j
laiiea to detect any eviaence 01
ciennes. Cavalry patrols are can-
tinualv mrtvintr frwuj Q parnnnnit.
ering the country.
PARIS IS EXPECTANT
PARIS, Oct. 26 (Havas). The
fall of Valenciennes is imminent,
if not already occurred, the Petit
Parisien says: "The chief strong
hold of the second German line
Is gone, its center invested. It
is the object of direct assaults and
local outflanking movements
which will soon smash it," the pa
per continues, "The operations of
General Debeney's army north of
Guise and those of General Man
gin in the direction of Marie, con
stitute an increasing danger. The
Escaut line may be considered as
lost; the Sambre line will e taken
shortly. We can foresee that the
enemy will .retreat to jlhe Meuse."
The Matin says:
"The German army hcis no ma
terial, lacks munitions, has not
sufficient reserves to continue a
long battle and has no tacks with
which to attack. The spirit in the
enemy rear is at low level while
the spirit at the front is bad. This
has been proven by army orders
which have fallen into our hands.
We would be false to our ideals
if we failed to take advantage
of the situation.
UNDATED WAR LEAD, (By the
Associated Press.) Germany's hard
pressed soldiers are being given no
rest as the British, French and Amer
ican forces continue with success
their drives on important-sectors from
north of Valenciennes to east of the
Meuse. Meanwhile, the Italians are
pushing ahead in the region of Monte
Grappa.
On the northern end of the front in
France the British maintain their pro
gress in encircling Valenciennes. In
the center the French have shaken se
riously the German defenses along the
Serre and eastward toward the Aisne
at Chateau Porcien. The American
troops east and west of the Meuse not
only hold their gains against strong
enemy reactions but have further
strengthened their position north of
Grand Pre.
South of Valenciennes Field Mar
shall Haig is across the Valencienncs
Le Quesnoy railroad and the fall of
Le Quesnoy which is vital to the de
fense of Mons and Maubeuge would
appear to be at hand. The fighting
on this sector continues bitter with
the British striving to outflank the
Mormal forest. On the northwest of
the forest the British have advanced
somewhat and captured Englefontains
(Continued on Face Six)
NO
French Papers Regard Col.
House's Arrival as Quite
Important; Official Delegate
(By Review leased Wire)
PARIS, Oct. 26. The news
papers regard the arrival of Col.
Edward M. House as of great im
portance to the belligerent powers
associated with the United States
as a step to attaining political
unity which Is considered to ic
equally as import mt as military
unity.
"The only positive declaration
interviewers were able to obtain
WICKED
IN
WHICH
MIES
QUITE STEADILY
VILLA LEADER HOLDS
THREE AMERICANS FOR
RANSOM OF $50,000
JUAREZ. Mex.. Oct. 26. Three j
American mining men are being ;
held for $50,i00 ransom by Epi- ;
fanio Hclguin. a Villa leader, near )
Villa Ahuniada, Chihuahua, it was U
announced here tonight. The men
reported to be prisoners of the
Villa leader are E. F. Knotts, D.
Ii. Smith and a Mormon pros
pector named Tinney. They were
seized while at the Erupcion mine
near Villa Ahumada, 83 miles
south of the border.
Efforts are now being made to
secure their release.
VALENCIENNES IS
READY TO FALL
Seems Certain Town Cannot'!
Hold Out Much Longer in
Face of Heavy Attacks
Made by Tommies
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IN
FRANCE AND BELGIUM. Oct. 26. 2 i
p. m.. (By the Associated Press.)
Heavy fighting continued today in the
Valenciennes area, particularly along
the Rhonelle river", south of that city.
The enemy was battling grimly this
morning to retard the British advance,
which from its speed threatened to
bottle up Valenciennes before its de
fenders could withdraw.
It seemed certain today that Valen
ciennes could not hold out much long
er. Yesterday the British drove for
ward across the Le Quesnoy-Valen-cienr.es
railway, the Germans being
forced to withdraw from their strong
positions and fall back to new de
fenses along the Rhonelle. Le Ques
noy was closely besieged this morn-!
ing by the attacking forces. j
Southward the British army had
pushed forward a considerable dis
tance and forced its way through i
Englefontaine after severe fighting. I
The British attack north of Valen-1
ciennes had carried them forward to i
an average depth of two miles. The
villages of Moen and Heestert were
captured and Spichtestraat and Driech
approached and the troops which
stormed Moen pushed on to the line
of the river at Bossuet and Autryve.
From statements of prisoners and lib
erated civilians it would appear that
the Germans intended to hold along
the present line around Valenciennes
only long enough to complete the pre-!
Duration of the defenses along the i
Maubeee and Mons line to which they !
TO BRITISH ARMS
will retire shortly. Civilians report German foreign secretary, in address
that troops were set to work on thi8,lnS-tbe reiclistag on Thursday. (In
line some time aeo. the address referred to President il-
There was a battle in the Artres
Famars sector, just south of Valen
ciennes. British cyclist patrols
reached Artres at 4 o'clock in the aft
ernoon. The Germans threw in a vig
orous counter attack along a consider
able front, but their advanced troops
were forced to fall back to the line!"1 l"e .,0 "' ":
of the railway. West of Famars the continued, 'we wil loyally and in the
v.. ! .
enemy made another fierce counter
attack; they came up against Scotch
Highlanders who not only repulsed
(Continued on Pane Three)
from him, says La LIberte, "was
that he arrives as the official rep
resentative of the United States
and the president. It Is no longer
a question of a private mission,
but nn official representation ac
credited to the European allies.
This Is Important. Henceforth
the United States will be repre
sented at the interallied council
of Versailles in complete fashion
no longer for military affairs
only."
HOW AUSTRO-HUNGARIAN EMPIRE
PROBABLY WILL BE DIVIDED UP
BERUN
GERMANY
AUSTRIA-- HUMGARYii JV'
I I I I M tt S S S J a
.1) Austria, (2) Hungary. (3) Italy Irredenta, (4) Jugo-Slav lands, (5)
Czechoslovakia, (6) Austrian Poland, (7) Transylvania.
The break-up of the Austro-Hunparian empire is at hand. The ac
:ompc!yinff map shows how it probably will be divided at the peace con
ference. Austria is to be free or joined to what remains of Germany aftei
the war. Hungary, shorn of Transylvania, Croatia and other oppressed
knds. prclub'y will be free. Italy Irredenta will go to Italy. The Jugro
rUav will form a part of a great Jugo-Slav nation. Czechoslovakiq
jwill iiecoTie sn independent state. Austrian Poland will form a part of
lew Polish state. Transylvania will be annexed to Roumania.
NEW EXPRESS RATES IN VCLVING TEN
FER CENT INCREASES WILL BE INITIATED
SHORTLY TO RAISE $24,000,000 REVENUE
WASHINGTON", Oct. 26. New express rates involving average in-
o m """"i "
ate1 snortIy bv the American Railway
or JJlrecior ijeneiai .iicauuo, 10 raise
which will go to the express company
vances and the other half to the railroads for transporting express mat-
ICI .
The Interstate commerce commission today approved the method of ap
plying higher rate, but suggested that some plan should be worked out j
between the company and the railroad administration to give all the
flririMi rpvunnp tn thp romnntiv Ifistpprt nf iiividiiir it with th ri rrtilrrvids ac- J
cording to terms of the existing contract.
Director General McAdoo tonisht announced that the suggestion would
not be followed on the grounds that the railroads are entitled to a pro
portionate share of any new revenue on account of the higher cost of
hauling express shipments. The railroads now receive 50,1-4 per cent of
every dollar received by the express company for transportation.
SOLF PACIFIC
UTTERANCES
ON PEACE PACT
Say Huns Are Ready to In-1
elude Alsace-Lorraine in Ne
gotiations; No Confirma
tion Turkey's Surrender
(By Revie w Leaded Wire)
AMSTERDAM, Oct. 26 "As for
Alsace-Lorraine, it is at once clear
that, as these territories were ex-
jpressly mentioned among' President j
Wilson's 14 points we asree to regu -
laHn of these questions by peace !
negotiations." said Dr. . S. feolf,
son saia inai me wrong mine iu
wrong
France by Prussia in 1871 in the mat
ter of Alsace-Lorraine which has un
settled tha peace of the world for
(nearly 50 years should be righted).
I "Moreover, having accepted Presi
! dent Wilson's program as the basis
. . ; .. , 1. t. It. o..lf
I sense of complete justice and fairness
I ' 4 . ? "
;and at aU Pln,s- -
fulfill Inn i--v(t o m In oil (lirurf 1ina
PAPER ASKS QUESTION.
(Special to The Ri-wewl
COPENHAGEN, Oct. 26.
The
socialist newspaper Vorwaerts of
Berlin ays it does not understand J
whether complete Internal reform on ;
the part of Gormany would make the
terms of surrender easier,
It con-
tinues:
"In any event, Mr. Wilson errs
if
he believes the former holaers of
power in Germany can ever regain
jtheir power. Henceforth, there will !
I be no power in Germany but that of
ithe German people. Our opponents .
who demand the disarming of the ,
German people must realize that a I
great nation ennnot permanently be I
rendered defenseless. It will be
dtmonstrated at the peace conference
whether the war has been merely ad
journed or finally ended."
CONFIRMATION IS LACKING.
fHv tteview Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Oct. 26 There
(Continued on Page Three)
WARSAW
RUSSIA
BULGARIA
.......... . . ,
Express company with the approval j
-i,ipu',vuu ituutru icvruue, uau ui
to meet contemplated wage ad-
F
if
RAGING BATTLE
i
Operations on Oise and Peron
Rivers Shows Heavier In
tensity and Assumes Great
Proportions
WITH THE FRENCH ARMY IN
FRANCE. Oct. 26. 2 30 p. m. (By the
Associated Press.) The operations
begun Thursday between the Oise and
a an(J ()n id'ay by' the fifth
arlny norfawest of Sissonne have
gained in violence and are gradually
taking on Hi
e proportions of a great
battle.
Gen. Guillaumat's forces, attacking
from the riuht pocket north of Sis
sone, of which the Mortiers-Marle
line is the axis, has continued its ad
vance, overcoming a series of ob
stacle quite as strong as any hereto-
! fore encountered. In the center the
vill;:pp of Mortiers was captured and
G?n. Debeney's forces, attacking from
the left, reached a point two miles
east of Lucy.
The first army this morning took
800 prisoners and fighting continued
Intensely on the line of Hill 120. Hill
100. Cery farm, the village of Pleine
S?lve. in which a violent Infantry en
gagrraent took place, and Fremont
wood, to the east slope of Hill 115.
which is only about two trilcs west
of the river Deron, on a line east of
Rlncmont.
Mortiers, occupied by Gen. Mancin.
was one of the strong supporting
points of the Hundins positions north
of the herre. I tie rTencn troops an
along the battle Tront have had to
face newly 8t!ngthciied positions,
from behind w hich were the same
number of lines of trenches, fortf
Hod v. ith concrete and deep armored
belters characteristic of the German
field works.
The enemy's infantry, as well as
his artillery, reacts violently where
ever French troops make inroads into
th German lines. l ast evening the
enemy counter attacked with gre.M
enerny in the nelchhorhood of the
village of Petit Caumont. endeavor
ing unsuccessfully t drive Mangin's
mm
01
OURLY GROWING
(Curitlnued on I'ge Three)
liliCH NOW
118 Hi
III BREAKS
CHIEF OF STAFF POINTS OUT
TREMENDOUS PRESSURE
BROUGHT TO BEAR BY FRENCH
AND AMERICANS ON ARGONNE
MEUSE FRONT
ALLIES MENACE ROAD
MORE THAN THIRTY DIVISIONS
HAVE BEEN IDENTIFIED IN
NARROW SECTOR WHERE
YANKS AND FRENCH CONTINUE
TO WORK WAY SLOWLY
WASHINGTON. Oct. 26. The
German defense lines on the most
vital sector in France the Argon-ne-Meuse
front are beginning to
crack under the strain of steady
pressure by French and American
troons. An earlv breaking of the
German resistance and the advance
of the French and American arm- i
ies on a wide front toward the great J
ttunk railway which is the lmmedi-
ate object of allied operations is (
predicted by many officers here. i
Off'cial statements, indicating that
new German divisions are being pour
ed Into this sector, clearly shows the
anxiety of the German high comman
over the situation. General March,
commenting today on the military sit
uation, brought out very clearly the
efforts the enemy is making to meet
the American advance.
"In front of our own troops in the
Argonne," he said, "a very large mass
of German troops has been concen.
trated since it is imperative for the
enemy to protect the railroad line
which runs from Mezieres to Metz."
General Mlarch ioii.)id out Jthat
the front held between the Oise and
the Meuse by the allies roughly par
allels this great railway system
throughout its length and "threatens
it at all points."
From other sources It was learned
today that more than 30 German di
visions have been identified in the
narrow sector northwest of Verdun,
where American and French forces
continue to work their way slowly
forward, despite bitter resistance and
strongly fortified enemy positions.
The French have obtained a flank
ing position on the east bank of the
Aisne river in the western outskirts
of the forest of Argonne. while to the
east of the Meuse the operations of;
American troops indicate that the line
is being extended and strengthened in
preparation for a wide assault when
the enemy defenses have been suf
ficiently reduced. There is good reason
to believe that some part of the sec, '
ond American army is holding this
eastern extention of the Verdun front.
At no other point on the whole
western, front, with the exception of
the center arch of the line, from the
Serre to the region of Valenciennes,
are the German forces massed in j
strength comparable to that being em-1
ployed on the Meuse. The operations .
of the British and French to the i
north, it is pointed out. bear a di-1
rect relation to the situation on the !
Meuse, since the enemy cannot spare j
reserves from the center In the face'
of the drive to back up his hurd press-,
ed left flank. It is this, coupled with
the improving tactical situation in
the Argonne, that leads observers here
to anticipate the beginning at any j
time of a new drive ou the Meuse ;
front I
ASK MOONSY REVIEW.
.WASHINGTON. Oct. 26 The an-1
preme court, iu a petition filed by1
counsel today, was asked to review'
the cass of Thomas J. Mooney. sen-!
fenced to death at San Francisco for
murder In connection with a bomb I
plot. The petition will be formally i
presented to the court on Novem-'
ber.
LIBERTY
(Tty Review Leaned Wire)
NEW YORK, Oct. 26 Driving
a De Haviland airplane equipped
with a Liberty motor. Sergt.
Coombs of Hazelhurst field today
won the 36 mile rare from Bel
mont park race track around the
Statue of Liberty in upper New
York bay and back to the course
in 15 minute. 30 seconds.
ThN is a new record for this
LE ADS AMERICA'S
NEW SECOND ARMY
, J sm A
H.
General Bulla rd.
t The new second American armj
under command of General Billiard
received its first baptism of fighting
as a unit when it repulsed a German
raid on the Argonne forest on tktf
Meuse river front. . The new SeccmcJ
army began its operations on Lib
erty day. The above is a French
official photo of General Bullard. j
YANKS DOING NOT
SO BAD REPORT
SHOWS' CLEARLY
Forty Villages Taken to Date,
20,000 Wounded Prisoners
and 487 Square Kilometers
Freed
(By Review I-ensel V1re
WITH THE AMERICW ARMY
NORTHWEST OF VERDUN". Oct.
26 (By the Associated Press) S:30
p. m. The i,'Jt)nian efforts to
break up lately improved positions
of the Americans, were lessened
somewhat today. From the ex
treme left to right, artillery was
eniployed. but without materially
altering the situation. High ex
plosive shells and gas shells were
thrown over the front lines and
far into the back areas, but no
attempt was made to counter at
tack on a large scale and the few
minor movements of the enemy
were brought to a swift end by
concentrated artillery and ma
chine gun fire.
Since the Americans began the
present battle they have inflicted
more than 7.0i'O casualties on the
enemy, freed forty villages and
4S7 square kilometers of French
territory (f mivalent to 301 square
miles) ana have captured 20.000
prisoners besides the German
wounded who fell Into their hands.
NOW MORE PROTECTED
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY j
NORTHWEST OF V EI'Dl'N. Oct. 26 i
(Py the Associated Press) 2 p. m
The American position in the P.our-
(Contlnued on Page Three)
ft d",
7 s I . - fi - v
MOTOR WINS RACE
event, which was first won by
John B. Moisiint, in a -horsepower
I.Ieriot. eight years ago.
The initial race was completed in
24: 38.8.
Six other Do Haviland planes
took part In today's contest and
all of them finished within 30
seconds after the winning flier
had crossed the line. The sec
ond n achine. which came from
Uoosevelt lield. was about 20
343 DIE Ifl
SINKING OF
SKIP SOPHIA
PASSENGERS AND CREW PERISH
WHEN STRANDED VESSEL IS
STRUCK BY SUDDEN SQUALL
AND SENT FROM REEF INTO
DEEPER WATER
WOMEN AND CHILDREN
BOATS STANDING BY UNABLE TO
RENDER ASSISTANCE; BUT ONE
BOpY, THAT OF A WOMAN, HAS
BEEN FOUND UP TO THIS
TIME
SEATTLE. Wash.. Oct. 26.
Three hundred and forty-three per
sons, most of them outbound
Alaskans and residents of Yukon
territory, lost their lives when the
Canadian Pacific Steamship com
pany's passenger steamer Princess
Sophia was battered last Thurs
day by storms, dragged across
Vanderbilt reef and dropped to the
bottom of Lynn canal, an arm of
the Inside passaee not far south
of Skagway, Alaska.
"No survivors," read a wireless
'messase today from Juneau, Alaska.
telling of the loss. Shipping men to
night said the loss of the Sophia with
all aboard was the worst marine dis
aster la the history of the Pacific
coast.
The vessel, 2,320 tons gross, has
bepn plying in western Canadian and
southeastern Alaska waters since she
was built in 1912.
Lists of passenger and detaiU of
1 the wreck were not available tonight.
J The vessel! it was thought, was carry
I ing a capacity load of passeneers.
' cearly all northerners, who had taken
Ithe last steamboat up the Yukon river
i before the ice and had boarded the
Sophia at Skaswaj. The passengers
i were among the hundreds who left
' Alaska this fall to spend the winter
in the stales and Canada. They had
j come as far as Whie Hors? by river
! boat and there had boarded trains for
the Alaska port.
Wednesday the heavily loaded
Sophia left Skagway for Vancouver
and Victoria. Not many hours out
she ran into one of the first snow
storms of the year. Early Thursday,
in the dark and storm, she ran har l
aground on Vanderbilt reef. IMstress
calls were sent out and the I'nited
States lighthouse tender Cedar, the
Inited States government steamer
Peterson and several small boats
went to her assistance. When day
light came it was found the boat wa
resting easier and the weather calm,
and it was decided not to remove the
passengers. Word was sent to Van
couver and the wrecking steamer
Ti"es and the C. P. R. steamer Princess
Alice were sent north, the wrecker to
pull the Sophia off the reef and the
Alice ro get the passengers. These
ships will arrive at the scene tomor
row. The stotm sprang up yesterday and
the winds whipped down the long.
narrow Lynn canal with hurricane
force. The Sophia, in the path of the
gale, wai pounded auainst the rocks.
On account of the danger of strand
ing, the nearby ships did not dare go
near her. Life-boats were iiniossible.
although the shore was not many
yards away. Last night the gale in
creased in fury a:id probably while
tr.cny of the passengers slept, lifted
the steamer up. dragged her across
the reef and sent her to the bottom.
The only definite word from the
north regarding the wreck came to
day when the Canadian wireless serv
ice at Victoria picked up the follow
ing message fro.'.t the I'nited States
wireless station at Juneau:
"Princess Sofie driven across reef
last night. No survivors. Snty
five in crew. 26S passengers. Everv-
(Contlnued on Pas Three)
feet behind the winner.
The Liberty race was one of
many stirring events which made
up the program of the army avia
tion and athletic carnival held by
the First Provisional wing. United
States air service at Belmont
park race track for the benefit
of the National Aeronautic com
mittee. The receipts will be used
to purchase athletic equipment for
aviators. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1918.
TWO
v.i.
if ill start j
'a '
. .f i&
T
sJilOpp
Wear a
Chiffon
Stop the
.4 Xmas. Packages Must be Mailed by November 30
This is a New Government Order Covering Xmas. Shopping
It is in line with the order from the Council of National Defense, whh also nnkes it important thai
Christmas buying this year must be spread over a period of three months or more.
And that retail stores shall not employ additional force for the holidays.
And we ask you to carry your own packages whenever possible.
It further provides that you be urged to give only useful articles, with the exception of gifts to the
young children, such at toys, etc
The retail stores of Bisbee have passed resolutions endorsing the action of the government and
now we are urging you to co-operate by starting your Christmas shopping immediately.
Stocks are wonderfully complete.
There is really no reason why one should not immediately plan to do Christmas shopping.
Veil and
"Flu"
Wearing chiffon veils is advocated by Dr.
Royal C. Copeland, health commissioner of
New York, as a means of checking New
York's continually spreading epidemic of
Spanish influenza. Th following article by
The Associated Press:
"I heartily favcr every woman wearing
a heavy chiffon veil," Dr. Copeland said,
"These -veils would serve as an almost ab
solute preventative. It may become neces-'
sary to order every one in New York to
adopt this measure."
Our line of veils and veiling is complete,
in chiffon and nets, in dozens of different
styles and by the yard.
Charming New
Neckwear for Fall
35c to $3.50
There is extraordinary value, newness of
charm, and beauty in these smart fall neck
fixings, at moderate prices. It seems as if
styles were nevequite so pretty and dainty
in all their modish charm and loveliness.
Collars in every fashionable and. desirable
style and shape. Made of materials you
have never before seen ip neckwear
New Blouse
Fashions FFaU
Such exquisite, lovely styles of georgette
and crepe de chine; bead trimmed or em
broidered. MONDAY ONLY
$4.95
This is inded, a unusual offer at $4.95
So we will not attempt to describe these
lovely blouses, we'll give the briefest in
formation concerning them and then urge
you to come tomorrow to see them with
ycur ovn eyes. They're of georgette, crepu
and crepe de chine, in all the new delicate
shades for fall. Not a single popular color
missing. Some are of beautiful bead-trimmed,
others embroidered, others plain tail
ored with round and V necks. Uegular
$7.50 values, all sizes, 36 to 46, one day
only, Monday $4.95
SECOND FLOOR WAIST DEPT.
Special Offering of Stylish New
Broadcloth Suits at $39. 75
Our buyer went to no end of trouble, and expense to get these very wonderful suits to
sell at this price but you'll say that the suits are worth all the trouble that we went to
yes, and more you'll say they're quite the most remarkable suits you've seen at $39.75.
There's that indescribable "something" about them that takes them far out of the class of
ordinary suits. We do not exaggerate a bit when we say they're equal to any suits priced
from $50.00 to $55.00. You'll appreciate their values when you see them. Plain tailored
and fancy styles. Some trimmed with large standing fur collars and cuffs. In all the new
desirable colors, sizes 16 to 42.
DRESSES OF VELVET $35.00
When you consider a dress, why not let it be a frock of velvet? Dame Fashion has de
creed velvet as the very latest material for style. We are showing an exceptionally well
chosen line of dresses in velvet, in beautiful contrasting color combination.
Each dress a distinctive model, in navy, black, brown, burgundy, green and taupe.
Second Floor Suit Department.
Attractive Indeed are the COATS for SPRING
Priced $20.00, $22.50, $25.00, $29.50 and up
An extra large line in all the popular shades and materials are here. We lay special
stress on the high quality of cloths and the popular prices. The beautiful styles we are
showing; some of them are copies of much higher priced coats and some are trimmed with
fur collars, mostly hand lined and inter lined throughout. All the new colors are here and
sizes for the miss of 1 6 to the matured woman of 44, and extra sizes for the stout woman of
46 to 52 in bust.
'Ill
Neckwear and Shirts
for Men
A silk shirt in the new patterns, or a silk and fiber
in the new stripes, shirts which are better than ho
usually would purchase, but which he longingly
looks over in our tremendos assortment.
Neckwear the usual impression is that men must
make tiieir own selections. But our new neckwear
is unusually attractive, in a vast range of patterns
and we gladly assist you in the choice 50c to $3.50
Our Line of Fall and Winter
Underwear is Complete
We can heartily recommend
CARTER'S KNIT UNDERWEAR
A Real Underwear Value
for the whole family.
This underwear combines style, comfort.
finish, cleanlines, neatness and above all, is
Underwear that Wears.
Carter's feels good on you. "Smooth as
glass." Free from ribbing, hunching, wrink
les. Finished with the best of buttons, etc.
Will not shrink.
We stand back of every garment. They
make good or we will.
We carry a dozen or more styles. All
weights and sizes for every age of women
and children. Do yourself underwear jus
tic.e: enjoy "all the underwear comfort in
the world."
pur J
lines
mm.
oXr
New Fall Millinery
A Notable Fea
ture is the
Moderate Price
at which these
Hats are Offered
MONDA Y
$7.50
Far ahead of the displays which other stores are making, comes the
advance showing of tailored, street and dress hats. A font of ideas, a
world of style represented in it. never one-half so proud of the classiest
millinery fashions that have graced our second floor department in past
seasons as we are of these new fall creations. Handsome and original
Li models of nlush. velvet and velour: trimmings are snappy. Pretty
"-ry1 feathers, ri'oous and ornaments. These are not hats bought by the
1 1 score or by the dozen. Every one of them has been caretuny examined,
carefu'ly valued and carefully priced for Monday's selling at $7.50
jf SECOND FLOOR MILLINERY DEPARTMENT
Slippers for Presents
"VjS
Acceptable Xmas. Gifts
for the Family
A BOX OF OUR DISTINCTIVE HOSIERY as a
present means an inexpensive, but a gift the re
cipient will appreciate. Men's, women's and chil
ann's, pac ked in neatly decorated holiday boxes, in
silk lisle or cotton, all shades and sizes, and such
makes as Kayser's Beaton's Interwoven and othei
good makes.
COMFORTABLE SLIPPERS FOR PRESENTS
A useful gift is always a delight. We are show
ing slippers for e'very member of the family that
will bring much joy on X'mas morn. Many new
styles in all colors of felts, and many good styles oi
kid. All sizes, in men's, women's and children's.
Packed in holiday boxes.
SHOE DEPARTMENT
NEW DRESSES for Children Kid Gloves for Now and Xmas.
ENTRANCE
ON
SUBWAY
STREET
REAR
OF
MAIN
B'JILDIMC
-Children's and Misses' dresses: Sizes, 2 to 14 years. High
waisted and Jack Tar sailors, made of good (jnality of wool
serge. Plain colors and black and white checked; some
with white collars and cuffs, others with belts and pockets
of same material. Priced $4.bC. to $15X0
SECOND FLOOR
Since the War Industrial board hag requested that all per
sons intending to make Christmas gifts, buy them early, you
can well understand that the btst styles and sizes will go to
those who purchase first. Buy your X'uiaa gloves while our
stocks are are now so complete. When these are gone it will
be months before we have more.
MAIN ISLE FIRST FLOOR
"A Store Within a Store"
Greatest Gathering
of Toys in Town
at Prices LESS Than Other Stores
The factories never sent out a more desirable delegation .from
Toyland. Beautiful dolls, every one of them, with their sweet ex
pressions, ruby lips parted, a Welcoming smile; dimpled rosy cheeks,
curiy heads and laughing eyes; some are dresRed, others are ready to
dre.-s. Then there are baby dolls and all kinds of character dolls.
Cupy dolls, splash me d"lls and dolls with unbreakable heads. There's
quality about these dolls, too, making them long lived The prices
are very reasonable, far less than other stores are asking for Jike
qualities. You will find here in our toy department a big selection of
toys of all kinds.
Special Offerings in Sweaters,
Outing Gowns & Underwear
Youcau do better in our annex department
JUST BACK OF THE MAIN STORE.
-AN ACCIDENT !
, As
Accidents will happen even in a well regulated store like "THE FAIR." However, the accident was so
different we want U tell ycu about it.
Last Wednesday one of Bislu e's most prominent business men accidently wandered into the Men's De
partment, while looking for tne business office on the mezzanine floor.
He was so amazed at the bigness of this department that he stopped to express his appareciatton that
Bisbee had a clothing store of this character. Curiosity caused him to compare a tailor made suit he was
wearing with the same pattern (ours was a better material) in one of otir Collegian suits. He then tried on
the coat it fit him better than the tailor made he was wearing. He then asked the price when he found
there was J15.00 difference In favor of the Collegian, be bought it. Now, c did not sell the suit the suit sold
itself. This man told us further that he intended to buy all Irs future clothing at "The Fair."
Whether by uccldent or foresight, a suit or ever-oat bought at "The Fair" In the hi t clothing policy.
y S i
J..5.:vtf-S-L U s tr
You Should See the SUITS
We Offer at
$25.00 to $40.00
Guarantied all wool or ilk and m1.
pauy.
Made by the Collegian Com-
Nt TF- We ,ii v ti).' i Hv ; ;: hnr' t"l
Hi I iciviii (,in ii., from the Colli'
We are showing o'lier -v eit k
atl'llt:
irfii C
gjod
, .ii-l the
fniio.-iuy.
Hr.i s
only store in
..1.
"W.ll'U;,
-rriL.
Gifts
for THE BOYS
IN SERVICE
A Dept. All to Itself
Much as the government has
done and is doing for the comfort
and entertainment of the boys in
training camps, it is when they first
reach camp that they miss doubt
less more poignantly than later on,
when they have become inured to
missing, m a way, the many little
home comforts their favorite
shaving and toilet soap, writing
things, new books and magazines,
games, etc. Doubtless many o!
these things were not appreciated
when they were to be had for the
taking, but missing them when first
in camp U a sort of surreptitious
prick to many a lonely boy's heart.
So, see that they're given all pos
sible of the little nicetits when tuey
first begin to entrain.
In this Gift-tor-Soldiers Depart
ment, one finds comfort kits, fitted
and unfitted, portfolios, money
belts wash basins, mirrors, picture
frames, sewing kits and etc.. and
doubtless ideas will be given and
received by purchasers and salespersons.
n'
ft!."'
MAIN ISLE
Service Flags
We carry the largest stotk of service flags to
be found in Bisbee. Spe in! attention to mail orders.
All-satin service flags, embroidered stars, silk
.cord $1.25 to $2.00
All-satin service fhiga. eninroiderd stars, silk
fringed edgj $1.35 to $2.00
Wool service flags, all sizes, any number of
stars, IX In. to 8 li $1.00 to $12.00
Nay Flags, specially priced 50c
Service picture frames, in six different
styles $1.50 to $2.00.
We are headnuarters for allied flags, nhkb. ot
course, include the I'. S. Flag, in all sizes, in cotton,
silk aod wool.
It is interesting to note th.it to encourage, the dis
play of flans all patriotic emblems arc sold at very
little profit
DRAPERY DEPARTMENT FIRST FLOOR THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1918.
.a
ENGINEERS VIE
WITH FIGHTERS
THE SERVICE
Aaron English Tells a Few'
Things About the Wonders'
They Have Accomplished in
Democracy's Cause
"
"Our soldiers have done grand
things in France on the fighting line,"
declared Aaron English, first class
blacksmith on the transport America,
to the newspaper man, "but our engi
neers and builders and railroad men
have performed miracles over there."
Aaron ought to know, for he has made
nine round trips in the good ship
America, one of the interned German
liners seized by this nation when we
declared war, in the past year. Aaron
joined the navy at the beginning of
the war, and was assigned to trans
port service. He has been in France
and England many times and was on
board the America in the New Jersey
port the other day when she sank at
the dock. His folks here in Bisbee in
quired anxiously at the Review office
several times regarding the loss of life
, in this accident. Aaron got a fur
lough while the ship was being placed
back in commission and he elected to
spend it back home. He is an old C.
& A. boy and his brother. Roy, and
his Pttle sister, Tina, and his big sis
ter, Mrs. W. J. Crowe, live here in
the Warren district The newspaper
man enjoyed a long and very interest
ing talk with this, bright and eaer
young sailor lad the other day.
"The first trip I made to the great
American port in FTance," said Aaron,
"I found it to be a little port and we
had an awful time unloading our big
cargo into the little French lighters
and getting it to the little quay.- It
did not seem possible that this dinky
harbor could be made into "anything
half big enough to care for the tidal
wave of men and material we were to
pour into France. But our engineers
came, and our workmen, and they j
transformed this landing into a great
harbor and their lighter system and
quays and docks and piers and vrare-
nouses anu streets sireica in enaiess between Juneau and Skagway. Thd
rows far out on every side and away j Sophia was then taking on water,
back into the country as one views it gue was surrounded by deep water,
from the deck of the transport. It but with only her stern over deep
seems like a miracle. We can un- water it was thought there wa no
load and get away now in 4S hours. J danger of the steamer sliding off the
thousands of tons of freight and ; rocks. The reef was covered, how
thousands of soldiers and workmen, j ever, at half tide and the heavy seas
And our own railroad men carry the j bad prevented attempts to take off
stuff and the boys away into France i the passengers.
on our own trains hauled by our own The Sophia s only freight cargo is
engines. Makes a fellow feel as proud ; said to have consisted of 40 horses,
to see this great work as it does to j At 8 o'clock last night the last nies
hear of the fighting the Yanks are sage from ("apt. Locke of the Sophia
doing at the front. One is as necessary j das received. Today the government
as the other, yod know. (tender Cedar, which had been stami-
"And another thing that impresses ; ing by, reported that only the Sophia's
me deeply every trip over there is the j masts were visible. The Cedar r0
change in the feeling and condition of maiued in the canal to search for
the poor French folks living at this j bodies.
port. First trip they rowed out to the
ship in boats and seemed to be half
starved and they had a set look of des
perate gameness in their eyes, and
there was little hope in that look.
They are gay and glad now and in
comfortable circumstances. Every one
has work at good wages and business
is good for the soldiers and sailors
spend thousands of dollars in this
port every week. And as these folks
see the endless stream of men and
guns and supplies come up out of the I
ocean wave and foam and disappear ;
Into their La Belle France they take
on new hope and courage and feel
sure of the inevitable end.
"And they sure treat us fine over 1 storm. Up to midnight last night it
there. The French and English both j was thought here all aboard were safe.
cannot seem to do enough for our j
boys or be kind enough to them. They I PASSENGERS WERE CALM,
sure appreciate what we are doing Rv Review Lensed Wire)
for them. And our boys are strong! VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 26. Pas
for them and eager to get in and clean j sengers aboard the Sophia were culm
up on the Hun.
"It was our ship that landed part
of the old Rainbow division at this
French port about a year ago. and I
tell you that is sure a crack division.
You read now about what it has done
in France, but we sailors who took
'em across knew what they would do. it apt Locke said:
Trained to the minute, fit and fine, j "Steamer Cdar and three Juneau
thev left tha't ship like hounds on the I f as ba,s standing by. Unable to take
leash. Any time thev don't put theloff passengers on account of strong
finishing touch to our bovs in the I northerly ea'e and big sea running.
English and French training camP. j Th ship is hard and fast on the reef
They polish 'em off like diamonds. with hPT bottom badly damaged. She
Intensive training is right. They get ! not takl"R wa,er- I'nable to back
it Those French hnvs have war nrt'f r"f'f- Passengers are normal."
training down to the fine art. And
our boys take to it like a duck to
dough. They are getting ready for
front line work in half the time it was
expected they would take.
"Yes. our old ship sunk mighty sud
den, if you want to know. My bunk i
mate was lost. He was called but
thought it was a false alarm, as the
ship was safe at the pier. Of course
no one knows whether a German agent
or two had anything to do with it or ;
not. It might well have been the case.
Lots of workmen were tinkering with .
the ship while she was getting ready i
for sea. There was an explosion or
two just before she sank. They will
have her ready soon to sail again. Mv
furlough exnires next week and I'll I
have to leave Monday to get back in i
time if I don't pet an etTensinn
He is a trim, slender, active, alert
sailor lad. Is Aaron, arfd has lost none 1
.. j ,t.
the American boy fro... the inland
towns that goes down to the sea in
ct.fr.. TTo I. .n!nvinr ...rv h.nr r
his stay with his friends and kin in
the Warren district.
(By Review Ie.eri Wire-, !
AMSTERDAM, Oct. 6. The Prus-'
sian upper house has passed en bloc
the three electoral bills as amended
by special committee, according to ,
ilerllu dispatch.
343 DIE IN
SINKING OF
SHIP SOPHIA
'Continued from Psga On
thins; possible was done. Terrible
weather prevailed."
I "apt.. F. L. Locke was in charge of
the vessel.
CfTDAR MAKES REPORT.
(l:v Review Lcaseil Wire)
ICTOKIA. H. C. Oct. 2(J. The
ited Stales lighliious? tender ( eilar
niaJ an unsuccessful attempt to get
to the side of the Sophia after she
darted to sink, according to a wire-
here tonight. The body of one woman
I n,,,i fi-.ii iit lit- nod thi- t j i.-orn t
only signs of the Sophia left at day
light today.
The message from the Cedar fol
lows: "U. S. S. Cedar, via Cable Steamer
Burnside: Cedar standing by at 7
p. m., 24th, but impossible to pet near
vessel on account of northerly gale9
and heavy seas. About 270 passen
gers lost . Cedar got within 400 yards
yesterday, but anchors would not hold
and sea drove her away. Last night
Sophia told us that they were sink
ing. Cedar made full speed to her
through blinding snowstorm, but could
not find her. I,ast heard from Sophia
was at 5 o'clock. No survivors so far
as known.
"Cedar returned to scene of wreck
early this morning; forced to anchor
till daylight. At 5:30 o'clock Burn
side reported only foremast showing.
Ko sign of wreckage or life. Cedar
found body of one woman and four
boats upturned on Lincoln island; no
sign of life. Cedar still at scene of
wreck. The King and Winge. a gaso
line boat, is still in the vicinity, also
U. S. S. Peterson."
STORM WAS TERRIFIC.
JUNEAU. Alaska. Oct. 26. Indi
cative of the terrific storm which
caused the steamer Princess Sophia
to plunge from her rocky ledge on
Vanderbilt reef into the waters of
Lynn canal, were the statements
made by officers of the Canadian
Pacific steamer Amy, which returned
from the scene of the wreck yester
day. The officers said two feet of
snow fell in 40 hours and a strong
northeast wind then blowing later
developed into the blizzard which was
responsible for the Sophia's haavy
loss of life. When the Amy left the
Sophia, that vessel was resting for
about two-thirds of her. length on the
rocks of the reef, which is four miles
west of Sentinel island and half way
WOMEN, CHILDREN LOST.
(Rv Review I.-nsei Wlrn
SKAGWAY. Alaska, Oct. 2fi. Many
women and children were aboard the
steamer Princess Sophia when she
left here Wednesday. Among the
passengers were Mrs. Marks and
children. Capt. James Alexander and
wife snd VwHiam A. Malong and wife.
Mrs. Marks was the wife of a Fair-
banks, Alaska, dredge operator, and
Capt. Alexander and 1. Malong were
mine operators from interior Alaska.
Mr. Malong's home was at Ruby.
Four hours after the Sophia left
here she run into a blinding snow-
a short time before the steamer car
ried them to their deaths, according to
a wireless message sent last night
from the doomed vessel. The mes
sage was sent by Capt. Locke to the
Canadian Pacific railroad officials
here. It was received this morning.
Nearly all members of the Sophia's
crew were Canadians. Capt. Locke
was on of the oldest navigators on the
northern coast, Capt. Jerry Shaw was
first officer, J. F. Gosse, second offi
cer, and A. Murphy, third officer. All
four r?siced in Victoria. A. Alexander
i of Vancouver was chief gunner.
MRS. ISHEN OPENS
VOICE CULTURE GLASS
In this issue of The Review appears
the announcement of Mrs. James
IsnPn regarding her class in voic at
,iie 'ickran studio. This community
is fortunate in having a teacher of !
Mrs- l"nt and opportunities.
ph ,mR nPrP sCme ,imp aeo from
San Francisco, wnere she Is known
" "" but
"r Sr r ,n ,ak"1 a c ,in
voice. She hs sang in public for
woman should do something thee
dnys," snld Mrs. Ish"n in speakin-; of j
her decision to teach again, "for these
slucgard has no place now."
.
I)ebs, socla'ist. says he's richt and
the country wrong. Sounds like that
well - known ditty. "They were all out
of fetep but Jim." Philadelphia North
PUBLIC WARNED
AGAINST "CURES"
INFLUENZA
Vaccines and Oilier Hoped
for Remedies Still in Experi
mental Stage, Says Our
Government
(Ttv Review Leaned Wire)
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28. Use of
vaccines in combatting or treating
Spanish influenza has not gone be
yond the experimental stage so far
as the United States public health
service has been able to learn. In a
statement tonight the public health
service warned the public against any
of the "sure cures" being advocated
for the malady, which, according to
reports today, is rapidly subsiding in
all army camps and is showing a les
sening incidence in many states
among the civilian population.
"It must be remembered." said
Surgeon General Blue in a statement
tonight, "that several different vac
cines are being tried. The r?ports
received do not permit any conclu
sion whatsoever regarding the! effi
ciency of tliese vaccines or their rel
ative merits. The public health serv
ice is watching the experiments care
fully, but is not urging any form of
vaccine treatment.
"The health service urges the public
to remember that there is o specific
cure for influenza and that many of
the alleged "cures" and remedies be
'ing recommended by neighbors, nos
trum vendors and others do more
harm than good. The chief reliance
must be on medical attention, good
nursing, fresh air. nutritious food,
plenty of water and cheerful sur
rcundings." Reports received totfay by the pub
lic health service showed the epidemic
to be subsiding in Missouri. New
Mexico, Oklahoma, Wyoming and
Utah.
The reports received from army
camps continued favorable today and
Secretary Maker indicated his belief
that the army medical authorities
have the situation in hand. It was in
timated by the secretary that the
epidemic will not further delay mili
tary plans o any extent.
The number of new cases of fn-
luenza reported from army camps to
the surgeon general today numbered
1.002, in comparison with 2,373 yes
terday. Tneumonia cases decreased
from 500 yesterday to 396 today.
Heaths reported today were 2i'9 in
comparison with 241 yesterday. Only
tvo camps. Cody. N. M., and Kearney,
Cal., reported more than 100 new
cases of nifluepza.
tRv Review Lease! T7re)
INCREASES IN ENGLAND.
LONIMJX. Oct. 26. Influenza is in
rrer.sliig throughout Great Britain and
!r MrnJ. Two hundred ail fifty-five
r.ersrns have been buried in Dublin
since last Monday. The authorities
are sprinkling the streets with dis
infectants. Two priests who attend
ed ihe victims have di?d.
One hundred and fifty-two deaths
have occurred at Leicester during the
week. All public functions have been
cancelL'd and the council has re
quested the people to stay away from
places of amusement.
One thousand cases are reported at
Newry. The spinning mills are short
handed and the schools have been
closeed.
STORK ARE QUARANTINED
Civ Review Leased Wire)
EL PASO. Tex., Oct. 26. Depart
ment stores, shops and all other mer
cantile establishments were restricted
to 2 5shoppers at one time tonight,
by order of the city board of health.
This order was issued late today by
the health board to prevent the fur
ther spread of influenza and pneu
monia. Clubs will be closed and the ban on
churches, schools and theaters was
continued until November 9.
A quinine famine was experienced
here today as a result of the epidemic,
the supply having been exhausted.
A similar condition exists in Chi
huahua City, Mexico, where $2 a cap
r.ulo was the current price while tho
supply lasted.
The epidemic continues to sweep
through the Mexican settlements in
the valleys nea rhere. at Fabens. Tex..
22 n iles cast of El Paso, a temporary
haspilal has been established to care
for the charity cases. Reports from
northern Mexico tell of great suffer
ing and a heavy death toll from the
disease. Because of the large num
ber of deaths, n report was started in
Torreon that the disease was the di-1
sease of cholera,
denied.
This was officially
COLORADO SHOWS INCREASE
DENVER. Ort. 26. Marked In
FOR
cre::es in Ihe number of new rases ; by the Snunisb. government,
of influenza in Colorado, w ith the chief j The rations seem to have been Is
spread of the enidemic centered in the I sued at fairlv regular intervals and
mountain districts and on the west-1 were sufficient to keep body and soul
ern slope were shown by reports to together. The food .was brought by
the slate health board today. New
cases totalled 1163 30 ler cent more
than those of the day previous while
66 deaths were reported
Following its action of abandoning
all plans for the reopening of schools
7-!"nd lc pa "T1"- h
T'' hn!! h V.
cfans and health authorities to as-
canftol Tuesday evening. The nla-
carding of hemes, fumlga'inn method j
and efforts to check th run of fie
dlcense through fnmllies will be rensid
ered, a"d uniform action in all Colo
rado communities agreed upon.
The allies want victory. The Ger
mans want peace. Both wishes s?iall
be fulfilled. New Vork Chronicle.
YANKS DOING NOT
SO BAD, REPORT
SHOWS CLEARLY
iContlnued from Page On)
gogne wood is such that the Ger
mans no longer are able to harass
the Americans with machine gun fire
rrom the ridge at the edge of the
woods.
In the center of the line west of the
Meuse the German artillery is bomb
ing the American lines heavily with
high cxpolsive and gas shells. On the
right the enemy made an unsuccess
ful counter attack during the night.
From 2 to 6 o'clock this morning, they
shelled the American lines there heav
ily, the bombardment at times reach
ed the intensity of a barrage, but there
was no further infantry action.
One new division and one new regi
m nt have been identified as having
been added to the German strength
against the Americans. The division
is a second class one which is re
putcd to have traveled more than
any o'iier in the German army. It
has been successively on the eastern
fnnt. the Italian front, on the Soui
me and before St. Mih'el. The regi
ment belongs to the crack 28th Ger
nun division.
Violent enemy reactions continue
east of the Meuse and there has been
desperate fighting all aloi.g the line
The American position now run?
thiough the clearing between the Bel-
leau Wood and the Etraye wood. The
enemy's determination to hold the
high ground east of the river is showi:
by the fact that he has thrown in one
of his last remaining reserve divisions
to check the American advance in
the Eelleau wood, where the enemy is
counter-attacking persistently.
The following document has been
captured:
"The enemy's crossing of the Meuse
is to be prevented absolutely. Should
e succeed in crossing he is to he
thrown back into the Meuse at once.
The enemy must not get a foothold
on this side of the Meuse under any
circumstances.
The last three words are capitalized.
Not only in a defensive way, but the
counter attacks the Germans are fight
ing desperately to carry out this or
der. This is shown by the futile at
tacks made Friday in the region south
of BanthBville wood, north of Rappes
wood and in the valley north of I'an-
theville.
FRENCH PAPERS
REGARD ARRIVAL
AS QUITE IMPORTANT
(Continued from Pace On)
trooBS beyond the Souchez. The tenth
army maintained its positions and
took prisoners and supplies. The
.The German counter attack in "that
region was preceded by artillery prep
aration at the moment when the
French troops were advancing to the
attack. Mortiers constitutes an im
portant bridgehead north of the Serre,
th? possession of which will facili
tate further operations agains the
German positions in that region.
VALENCIENNES IS
READY TO FALL
TO BRITISH ARMS
(Continued from Page On)
the attack but drove the Germans
back to the lino of the railway.
The enemy suffered heavy casual
ties here.
Counter attacks attempted north of
Engelfontaiue were easily repulsed.
Maresches was heavily garrisoned by
the enemy and the advance, at least
temporarily, was held up here by a
terrific machine gun fire from the
town. In Vendegies, which was cap
tured, the British found a well-concealed
system of camouflaged
trenches. The whole village was bar
ricaded and wired and presented a
formidable obstacle, which evidently
was meant to be held.
Yesterday's advance south of Valen
ciennes was rendered doubly hard by
the extension of the flooded area. The
British were forced to work around
this. There was hard fighting west
of Conde, and according to latest re
ports the enemy was battling fiercely
to hold this position with a ring of
forts.
An attempt by the British to cross
the Rhonelle river between Artres and
Sepmeries early today was blocked
by a heavy machine gun and artillery
fire from the north bunk of the river,
but the attacking troops pushed ahead
and established themselves along a
line running from northeast of Sepme
ries to just south of Artres.
In the fighting about Hollain Bri
tish patrols forced a passage of the
canal close to the town where pre
vious Rttempts to cross had failed.
Further evidence of the hardships
endured by the civilians in allied ter-
ritory occupied by the Germans is
furnished by recently released resi
dents of Bertry. near Le Cnteau. They
sta'e that thev were fed almost entire
ly from sunnlies imported for relief
from America, latterly administered
the French local authorities from CiMl-
dry. All crops In the last two years
were confiscated snd any clvilinn
found cutting grain was fined, usuolly
about SO marks.
No fresh meat ever was issued to
civilians. H either was salted or pre
served. Americas powdered milk occa
sionally was Issue din verv small
r.n kitoernms being allowed
each
hoie every three months
Seme Idea of the prices paid for
fnnd tuffs in rations is shown bv the
following:
Fat cost 270 francs fir 600
grammes; coffee 45 francs for 200
irrnmmes: minr 30 francs fur 2311
prnmnies; ren R2 francs for 400brale his birthday at Sagamore Hill
grammes; lard 223 franc for ii00 with members of Ms fauul .
grammes; solt meat 120 francs for 4.")
IUIUIIt--, 1M.IMI S 1UI .'"..
grammes. i
German requistinns on civilians
were never, ending They entered j
chiefly on clothes, brass, copper and j
livestock. All wool clothing and mat-
tresses were requisitioned, excent a;
small supply actu.tllv in use. Linen i no "!''al lniorniaiion tiere to con-1 peratures prevailed in western kan
also was taken. All brass and cop-lflrm ""' of thfi various interesting ; gas. the Texas pan-handle and Ne
per articles were d "minded shortly ; rumcrs coming out of European couu- J braska, and rain or snow was report
after the arrival of th invaders. Sew- j ' '- regarding developments in Alls- from Kansas Rnd the Texas pan
ing machines and the like were called tria-Hungary and Turkey. An offer ; handle.
in Frequent search-s wer made to!,;f surrender from Constantinople has:
see that everything had been given
up and persons defaulting were heav -
ilv fined. One woman, who had not
delivered three chickens was" fined
125 francs. Most of the horses were
i.. f...
1 IKfll d Will Hi;il illlU UlUV U l -'C
left for the most urgent work. Karlv
this month the remaining horses and i 1"' Austrian oernomuzauon anu
aM ether Livestock were removed! I rumors mat Kmperor Charles was
The morale of the inhabitants appears living the country preparatory to
to have been splendid. j abdication.
Only iu certain cases where pe
euniary gain was concerned, was any I JAPANESE ADMIRE NOTE
tendency to show pood feeling ex-1 TOKIO. Friday. Oct. 25. (Hy the As
hibited by the German military. I sociated Press.) Unqualified admira
There were several instances of most t'on of Presient Wilson's attitude to
devoted patriotism. Ons woman har- ward Germany is expressed in effic
hnro.i im, par jmed PHfUii nrisnner I ial circles. The reply is praised
and fed them and a friend of Ker gave I
them a map. The mn were captured !
and the address of the first woman
was found on one of them. Both the
women were arrested and were im
prisoned for three months awaiting i
trial. They were fed on brad and
water and were guarded by soldiers.
One of them was released as the Brit
ish solSlers would not identify her at
tf'e trial. The other, whose name and
address had been founJ on one of the
British prisoners, was Sentenced to
five years' imprisonment in the peni
tentiary at Valenciennes. To the best
knowledge of the correspondent's in
formant, she st ill is in prison there.
Two young Frenchmen aided two Brit
ish soldiers to escape by giving them
civilian clothing. The Frenchmen
were caught and sentenced to one and
one-half years' solitary confinement
each.
On the whole, the civilians do not
complain of the treatment they re
ceived at the hands of the Germans
when ths latter were left to them
selves. All the suffering was caused
by unnecessarily severe orders issued
by the higher authorities. The mala
civilians were compelled to salute the
German officers. The penalty for
failure to do so was imprisonment
for a week on bread and water. This
order was most strictly enforced.
Circulation beyond the village was
allowed only in most exceptional
cases. A Bertry girl, found at Trois
vil!s nearby, was imprisoned for
three weeks in a small cell with 23
others. During the last few days the
enemy was at Bertry houses were
pillaged and everything of value taken
to the rear in lorries.
FRESIDENT APPROVES LARGE
INCREASE IN FUNDING
(By Review I-ecsed Wire)
CHICAGO. Oct. 26. President
Wilson has approved an increase
in the amount which the United
States war work campaign will
seek of nearly 50 per cent and
the organizations involved will
ask the country to e-ontribute
f260.000.000 in the week of No
vember 11, said John R. Mott,
director of the campaign, in a
statement before a conference of
workers from 14 states here to
day. Dr. Mott said he obtained this
endorsement only a few days ago.
CLOCKS TURNED BACK
(By Review 1 iiiaed Wire)
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2C The Amer
ican public tonight completed its first
period of "daylight saving" satisfied
with its results. Although officially
clocks were not to be turned hack an
hour uitil 2 o'clock tomorrow morn
ing, for the average citizen the change
of time was made tonight either by
turning back the hands of time pieces
or stopping them before going to bed.
By order of Director General Mc
Adoo all trains en route at 2 o'clock
tomorrow will proceed to the nearest
station for a wait of one hour and
then resume their schedule.
THREE 33333 THREE
STREET CARS MOVE
tftv Revw I.Msel Wire
BUFFALO, X. Y., Oct. 26. Buffalo's
stieet cars began to move through the
atrpta tnnipht after lvinff in the hams
for 23 davs. while the employes held
out for the wage scale of the war j
labor board and the International Rail-
way company demanded the privilege
of charging a six cent fare. The set
tlement was a comrrcmise. The men
will get the war labor board scale of
43 and 4S cents an hour.
The company will charge a five cent
fare for thirty days and six cents
thereafter.
INHERITANCE TAX CHANGE
IRv Review T.cei Wire)
WASHINGTON. Oct. 26 Rates for
taxation of inheritances of $10,000 and
up, under the plan prowsed by the
senate finance committee in revising
the war revenue bill, were tentatively
adopted today cu a scale ranging from
1 ner cent nn inheritances of $10,000
to $25.0(10 to 25 per cent on those
ceeding $2,500,000.
The committee recommended ex
empticn of inheritance taxes of the
estates of persons killed in military
service, or who died from wounds or
diseases within one year thereafter.
HUNT NAMES BAKER.
(V.v Review T.ej.!ieil Wire)
niOEXIX. Ariz.. Oct. 26 Governor
Hunt has named Judge A. C. Baker
to succeed Alfred Franklin ns justice I
of the sdpreme .court. Judge Baker
is the' nominee for that office, having
defeated Franklin in the late demo-1
cratie primary. He has not yet de-
cided to accnt the appointment.
ROOSEVELT IS SIXTY
OYSTER BAY. N. Y.. Oct. 26 Cot
onel Theodore Booscvelt who will be
SO years old VunorJow. will reli-
I SOLF PACIFIC
IN -UTTERANCES
-wt rt? k rp r a T-
vil r i-VV,r. r J I
(Contlnued from Page out)
I &'en expecteu momem:ini ior uays.
l' " "Hice of a new proposal had
rtacl.e d the state department tonight.
I Likewise the department heard only!
' inrougn press oispaiciies oi reports
that Vienna newsuaners were uiir
were pub-1
I l';;hing announcements of preparation '
- - ' t
highly as deserving the most profound j
attention of all the belligerent nations
fighting a common enemy, who is a
deliberate transgressor of the cause
of peace, justice and humanity.
President Wilson's note is consider
ed to be fully comprehensive. His
refusal to treat with the Prussian
rulers of Germany. Recording to opin
ion here, is so explicitly and unmis
takably expressed a3 to arouse admi
ration worthy of the leading champion
of international justice. The reply is
considered to be worth treasuring as a
most valuable addition to ofiicial war
time correspondence.
NOTE COMING SOON
COPENHAGEN. Oct. 26. The Ber
lin Lokal Anzeiger says a new note
will be sent by Germany to President
Wilson as soon as possible. A crown
council under the presidency of the
emperor, lasting several hours, reach
ed this decision Friday.
The note, it is asserted, will pcint
out the changes which have taken
place in the German constitution.
MONROE TINDELL DIES
Monroe Tindell, aged 36 years, died
early this morning at the Copper
Queen hospital of pneumonia follow
ing influenza. He is survived by a
widow and one child. Hmeral ar
rangements have not been made. The
body is at the Palace Undertaking
company's mortuary.
SWINE GO SKYWARD.
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26. A mini
mum for packers' drove hogs of $17.50
per 100 pounds was announced today
by the food administration after a
conference between the livestock
sub committee of the agricultural ad
vistory board, which include mem
bers representing the swine industry,
the food administration and 50 pack
ers. BETTER WEATHER PROMISED
iBv Review 1 AmeA Wlr)
DENVER. Colo.. Oct. 26. More sea
sonable weather, following the cold
snap and storms which spread over
the western states today, was prom-
What You Should Pay
In Local Market for Food
Administrator's Weekly Report on Fair Price, in Bisbee, Lowell, Warren an4
Naco, for Week Ending November 2, 1918.
Commodity:
Low
Wheat flour, per 1-16 bbl. bag
12"i lbs.)
Wheat flour (bulk) per lb.
Barley flour, per 1-16 bbl. bag
( 12 1-4 lbs.)
Barley flour, (bulk) per lb
Price
$ "6
.06
90
.07
Rye flour, per 1-18 bbl.. bag (24 lbs.)
i.60
Rye flour, (bulk) per lb
Rice flour (bulk) per lb.
Cornmeal. (bulk) per lb.
Corn flour, per lb
Victory bread. 16 oz. loaf ...
Victory bread (twin loaf) 24 oz.
Oatmeal or Rolled Oats, (package)
. Per ,,5- - --- --- ----
"'ce. unuroKen, sianoara quamy,
per lb.
Hominy or Hominy Grits, per lb
Sugar, granulated, (bulk) per lb.
Beans, (pink) per lb
Peans, (navy) per lb
Beans, (lima) per lb
Potatoes (white or Irish) per lb
Onions, per lb
Raisins, (seeded) per 16 oz. pkg.
Prunes. (60 70s), per lb
Canned Tomatoes, (standard grade)
per (No. 24) can
Canned Tomatoes, (standard grade)
per (Xo. 24) can
Canned Corn (standard grade) per
20 oz. (No. 2) can
Canned Peas (standard grade) per
2i oz. (No. 2) can
ex-fanned Salmon (tall pink Alaska)
per 16 oz. (Xo. 1) can
Canned Salmon, (tall red Alaska-)
per 16 oz. (Xo. 1) can .1
Evaporated Milk (unsweetened)
per 6 oz. can
per 16 oz. can
Butter, per lb
Eags (fresh ranch) per dox
Cheese. (Xew York or local) per lb.
Lard, (pure Ieaf) bulk per lh
Lard, (pure Leaf In tins) per 3-lb. pail
Lard, (pure Leaf in tins) per 5-Ib. pail 1.34
Lard Substitute, (bulk) per lb 26
Bacon, (sliced) f:incy grade per lb
Bacon, standard grade, per lb.
(whole price) 50
Ham .37
Round Steak, per lb
Hens, (dressed, not drawn) per lb. .33
ish. per lb IS
Storage Eggs, per dot 46
SAM VERRAX, P. M.
J. R. ANG1US. JOHN
E. C. CAMPBELL.
ised by the weather bureau tonight.
Generally fair weather and moderat
ing temperatures were forecast for the
Rocky mountain states.
Today's storm was most severe in
I western Kansas and Nebraska, where
sleet storms interfered seriously with
wire communication. Freezing tem-
FOOTBALL
(By Review Lrnnen Wire)
GRF.AT LAKKS. III.. Oct. 26-
-The
Northwestern university football team
held the Great Lakes naval training
station eleven to a scoreless tie at
the station today.
Although the ball was deep in
North western's territory during inot
of the game, the navy bad only two
chances to score.
URBAN A. 111.. Oct. 26. Final: Illi
nois, 0; Naval Reserves. 7.
NEW" BRUNSKICK. X. J.. Oct. 26.
Final: Rutgers. 39; Yehigh. 0.
MADISON. Wis.. Oct. 26 Camp
Grant defeated the University of Win
sonsiu at football today. 7 to 0.
At Lafayette. Ind.: liepew, 9; Camp
Purdue. 7.
At Philadelphia: U. S. Marines,
Philadelphia naval yard, 7; University
of Pennsylvania, 0.
At Easton, Pa.: Muehlberg, 7; La
fayette, 0.
At Swarthmore: Swarthmore, 51;
Ursinua. 7.
At St. Paul: Minnesota. 23; St.
Thomas. 7.
At Fulton. Mo.: Washington uni
versity, 30; Westminster, 6.
Hindenburg has adopted the skip
stop. Sacramento News.
If there is anything higher than the
cost of food in Russia, it must be the
life-insurance rates. Newark News.
Rheumatic Pains
QUICKLY EAS5D BY PENETRAT
ING HAV1NS WIZARD OIL
A safe, harmless and effective
preparation to relieve the pains of
Rheumatism, Sciatica. Lame Back
and Lumbago is Hamlin's Wizard
Oil. It contains no chloroform or
other dangerous drugs but is com
posed of the most expensive of
healing oils. It penetrates quickly,
drives out the soreness, and lim
bers up the stiff, aching joints and
muscles.
Wizard Oil is a good, dependable
preparation to keep in the medicine
chest for first aid when the doctor
may be far away. You w ill find al
most daily uses for it in cases of
sudden mishaps or accidents such
as sprains, bruises, cuts, burns,
bites and stings. Just as reliable,
too, for earache, toothache, croup
and colic.
Ot A bottle from your dmrrl for
25c nn.l u the :n-.V .n It nt;t rntirlr
atisfW take the tottv buck to hlui and
ho mill rvtura your money.
If you are trmib.l wl:h onattpat!f
or lck hmdat h try llamtiru U iiar.l
!.lvar Whip Just lruuat lit I pink
piila at Orug-(Ista fot W. iluarnlcrU.
Retailer Pays Consumer Should Pay
High Low High
Price Price Price
.79 .85 f .S3
.064 .07'4 .07'i
.93 1.00 1 10
.074 .09 .09
1 62 1.70 ISO
.06 .07 .07
.07 .08 .OS
.06H .07 .0J
.104 114 -12H
.11 .13 .IS
.16 .20 JO
.09i .12 .124
.12 .14 .15
.12 .14 .IS
.104 11 -11
.104 -Its -114
.15t .20 20
.16 .20 .20
.06
.07
.06 H
.10V4
.10
.16
.09
'.'4
11
12
.10
.10
1514
16
02 9-10 .0.1 1-10 .04
.04 16
.04
.16
J5
02 H
.i0
.10
144
11
.03
11 V,
.10H
.16
.034
.15
.14
.13
.13 .14 .174
134 .144 .15
.174
124
.13 .17 14 .20
.144
.144 17H
.20
.35
.25
.064
.27 .38
.064 074 .074
.14 .15 .17
.6S .65 .74
.73 .70 .tO
.35 .40 .40
.31 .32 .34 ,
.85 .95 .95
1.49 1.55 1.(5
.27 .29 .30
.524 "0 70
.53 .5? .55
.3$ .50 .65
.29 .30 .35
.34 .35 .39
.18 .25 .25
.47 .50 .55
.134
60
65
.34
.30
.SO
504
574
PUCK WALTER.
RUSSELL. ED
R. J. HART.
CLOUTHIER.
Price Interpreting Board.
fl FOUR
THE BLSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1918.
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEX. A. CAIN
-Editor and General Manage'
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for re publication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of re publication of special dispatches iere
ln are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
PHR MONTH .75
THREE MONTHS 225
SIX MONTHS 4.00
TWELVE MONTHS . 760
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter '. .76
No Subscript on Taken For Less Than 75 Cents
Haig
Of the many glorious lights and, tragic
failures of the great war, none stand out
more clearly or more fixedly than Sir Doug
las Haig, a simple Scottish gentleman, son
of John Haig of Fife, and commander of
two million British and colonial troops in
France. Many commanders and generals
have come and gone since the dark days of
I9l 5, when Sir John French was supplant
j l c: n i, u f .U
cu uy tJll luuicm 1 iciig, inuoi ui man
cracking under the tremendous strain, but
this modest, unassuming, calm, forceful
Scotchman, the same in victory and defeat
stays on and fights on and meets all respon
sibilities with the same steadfast success
that has marked his army life from the be
ginning. No man in the military or civil circles of
the war talks less than Haig, unless it be the
great Foch. In fact, these two are much
alike in their taciturn and self effacable
habits. It is next to impossible to find out
anything about Haig. He is as impene
trable as his own defense lines. It is known
that he was first refused admission to the
British army because of defective eyesight
and that later he secured a commission
through the efforts of friends. He fought
in the Boer war and was saved from drown
ing in the Modder river by none other
than Sir John French. It was a good day's
work for Sir John, for Haig proved his
right hand man in all the dark days of the
British-French retreat from Mons to Paris.
Ah, those terrible days ! Only the men
of iron withstood them. One of Haig's
divisions which had left England 12,000
strong had been reduced to a scant 2500
and 336 of its four hundred officers had
been killed or wounded. Drawn up near
Ypres in the first of - the many battles to
be fought for this immortal town, this di
vision was trying to stave off disaster. This
was the darkest day of the great war for
England. The fate of the channel ports was
suspended by a hair. And down the Menin
road galloped Haig with a company of the
1 7th lancers, the shelta breaking about them
and throwing dirt and rock and iron splin
ters over them. Calm as though on parade,
Haig waved to his gallant infantry and then
stopped his cavalcade for a moment and
turned towards the German hordes. The
faltering line braced and the channel ports
were saved.
"We shall have to hold c-n here for a
while, if we all die for it,'k declared Haig,
on another occasion, of that first awful re
treat. How perfectly British and Spartan
and indomitable are these words. Typical
of the British army from time immem
oral. But it is upon the first Battle cf the
Somme that the fame of Haig will res.
He was in supreme command of that of
fensive that lasted through an entire sum
mer and cost him a half-million men and
the Germans many more than that stag
gering total. The enemy had to be liter
ally blasted and bayoneted out of one Gib
raltar after another. But Haig kept on
after them, eternally and 'forever, and, in
the end, Hindenburg had to fall back to his
famous line and give up all of that sectior
'upon which Haig had set the British seal.
When the great German offensive of t!u3
year again threatened the allies with dis
aster Haig rose again to the heights of that
supreme in resistance that cannot be
broken. His "backs to the wall" order will
be a page of history, and the world knows
how well it was obeyed by his men.
And Haig has pressed again past t! e
Somme, on beyond Cambrai and to Valen
ciennes, and after four years of defeat and
triumph deferred, he is fighting better than
ever and he has an army that simply will
not be denied by all that Germany on
muster against their onslaught. The same
Haig, calm, resolute, cold, silent, patient,
iron-willed, unbreakable and indomitable,
a part and parcel of the British army and
the British empire from days of old to the
days of now.
'It is wonderful how this type of Briton
recurs unfailingly through, all the cycles of
the empire's glory, always appearing to lead
and to save in every great crisis. Away
back in the time of the Hundred Years'
war, Sir John Chandos first came forward
to mark and personify this type of Briton
leader. Modest, knightly, able, with will
of iron and nerves of ice, Chandos led the
English to lands where they were to hold
until a miracle in the form of Joan of Arc
appeared a century later and drove them
away. The Duge of Marlborough was an
other of the same type of military leader,
the iceberg type, with the eagle eye and
resolution personified. He saved England
from Louis XIV in the world's decisive bat
tle of Blennheim. And every one knows
of Lord Wellesley, later the "iron duke" of
Wellington, who was the victor at Water
loo. Same style, same type, same charac
ter, same means, methods and results. Like
master, like man. The British army is of
the same stamp. It fights doggedly, con
stantly, strongly, confidently, coolly, and
in the end it always wins. It fits a leader
of this type like a glove on a hand.
Haig was born to the purple, but he has
refused all titles, being content to be mere
ly a knight of the prized Order of the
Thistle. Never splendid or spectacular or
glorious in battle, but always dependable.
Haig, the modest one, indifferent to fame,
slowest in retreat, closest to Berlin today,
he will appear upon history's page as one
of the great commanders of the world's
greatest war. Fortunate England! to be
able to call such a Scotchman to lead her
armies and such a Welsh man as Lloyd
George, hold the lines at home. Small won
der it is that this little island has grown so
large and waxed so great.
A study of the daily death reports by
states from the influenza epidemic is enough
to convince one that there is about as much
danger at home in the peaceful U. S. A. as
there is on the battle fields of France. This
column is a bit of a fatalist as regards dan
ger and sudden death, believing that, after
taking all reasonable precautions, one must
still walk with death close at his right hand,
whether he paces the peaceful avenues of
home or the red lanes of war. To the
slacker and the soldier both, death threat
ens now, by disease at home and by shell
upon the battle field. No one ever put it
any better than Macauley in his lay of anci
ent Rome when he says :
"Then up spake brave Horalius, me captain of the
pate,
'To every man upon this earth death ecnieth, soon or
late."
And how can man die better than by facing fearful
odds.
For the ashes of his fattiers:j for the temples of his
gods?' "
Why France Will Give
Huns No Armistice
Fron a Sermon, Oct. 13, in Plymouth
Church, Brooklyn, by Rev. New
ell Dwight Hillis.
Another reason why our soldiers at
the front deserve our support is that
I they are called to endure such cruel
ties aj tne world has never before
knoA-n. The rage of the Hun at being
compelled to give up north France and
Belgium amounts to insanity. The
Hun knows that his one hope is the
chance to retreat to the heights east
of the Meuse river, and there shorten
his lines and reorganize his forces. In
the hope of terrorizing the French
General Foch and the French people,
the Hun leaders ordered their soldiers
to commit cruelties and excesses that
would paralyze the French wiil; they
believed that the French people would
say that rather than suffer these cru
ellies they would allow the Hun army)
to retreat to a place 01 saieiy. a single
illustration of Hun fiendishness will I
exhibit the method. Captain D., with
a few soldiers, hurried to a village
from which the Germans had retreat
ed the night before. Lieutenant C.
gave me the details 01 wnat nis cap
tain found. There was a blacksmith
with his hands bound up In cloths.
He was a man of 50 to 55, with open
hairy chest, huge back and brawny
arms The aged priest explained that
in their retreat the Germans needed a
smitn. When the Hun officers louna
that this blacksmith was very skill
ful they held a brief conference at
the door of the shop and decided that
the tplendid blacksmith was too valu
able a man to be left to the French
and British. The soldiers therefore,
seized the smith, held his hands on his
own anvil, and the Hun officer smash
ed all the fingers with the hammer.
It is the most exquisite form of agony,
probably, that the human body knows.
Leaving this man to his piteous trag
edy, the Huns went away. It is not
the fact that they are cutting down
all the orchards and vineyards, pois
oning the wells and looting the
houses, but it is the fiendishness and
degeneracy of the Hun that amazes
us. September 26 on the edge of
Peronne, with the guns booming just
beyond, north of Cambrai, with two
British soldiers I crawled into a bouse
that the Germans had Just looted
They had smashed all the china in the
cupbeard, and especially the delicate
porcelain on the top shelf that was
delicate enough to have been the spe
cial treasure of a young housewife.
They had poured oil upon the floor to
ruin the carpets; they had cut into
ribbons the pictures on the walls;
smashed the bedsteads and polluted
the beds In an unmentionable way. It
was an orgy of Hun rage. The Hun
ravages reach their culmination in
cruelties so devilish as to seem un
thinkable, wrought upon old people,
girls and little children. Do not de
ceive yourselves. Wheh the full story
is known this country will waken up
to discover that the Hun has reserved
his most exquisite tortures for Amer
ican boys that have been captured,
who will disappear the details of
whose tragic deaths will never be
known. Today we are not dealing with
men, but with wild beasts. , France,
therefore, is white with agony a"nd
with rage. An armistice with the Huns
after the cruelties of the last six
weeks? One veritably believes that if
any world leader dares insist upon
giving the Hun a chance to retreat
and recover himself, the French army
will mutiny in their solemn resolve
and secur a military decision.
When the Shoe Was
On the Other Foot
Germany, Dictating the Terms of an Armistice to the French in 1871, De
manded Disarmament, Held the Paris Army Prisoner of War, Exacted a
"Ramson" and Took Over the Forts.
afterward demanded and obtained.
After three days of negotiations the
armistice was signed January 23,
1K71.
Ip pursuance of this agreement,
both parties withdrew their outposts
to a distance of five miles, but all
the German corps outside of Paris
immediately occupied the fort lying
in their front, more particularly those
of Mont-Valerien and . Denis, the
ground between the forts . and the
walls remaining neutral ground. The
German prisoners were1 given up and
the military material followed by de
grees, and the "ransom" money was
paid over.- During the armistice the
first- consideration of the Germans
was to restore their troops to their
war standing and make good their
stores. Ml the foris they occupied
around Paris wen at once armed on
tne fronts facing the city walls and
all arrangements were n.ade, in case
of the recommencement of hostilities,
Uie otmrppst resistance could be
made at all points. It was made an
armistice with a strong German punch
behind it.
Humiliated the Vanquished.
Fending the negotiations for a final
peace, the armistice was twice extend-
: td, each time with a few additional
I demands upon the part of Germany.
Finally, the general elections were
held all over France to ratify the ne
gotiations, the national assembly met
;it Bordeaux and a provisional gov
ernment, with M. Thiers at its head,
was formed aud a peace concluded.
At the final conference Bismarck
played his trump cards the cession
of Alsace-Lorraine, one billion dollars
indemnity and the stipulation that
the German army should be allowed
to inarch triumphantly" through the
streets, of Paris in token of victory.
The treaty of peace was signed at
Frankfort on .May 10. March 1 30,009
Germans marched Into Paris and took
possession of parts of the city, with
drawing after 48 hours, having there
by satisfied their demand for the
"enemy's humiliation."
Belgium's Bill for Hun Damage
Already More Than $3,000,000
Some of the items which figure on
Germany's bill in Belgium are given
as follows from an official Belgian
source:
Local contributions and fines levied
by Germany on Belgium In 1914,
40,tK0,000.
War contributions from November,
1914. to October. 1916. $192,000,000.
War contributions, seven months to
May. 1917, $70,000,000.
War contributions from May, 1917,
to May, 191S. $H4.000,(Ho.
War contributions from June to
October of the current year, $75,000,-
000.
Raw materials and machinery taken
by the Germans were reckoned by
them in January. 1915. at $404,000,000.
The damage to December, 1914. esti
mated by the North German Gasette,
amouated to $1,00,000,00. This
makes a grand total of IL821.000.000.
These items do not include ma
terial destruction and requisitions
since January, 1915, which atone must
be rckeoued at a billion dollars or
more.
"During the winter of 191$ Belgian
workingmca to the number of 1.750,
000 were deported to Germany. The
future production of these men was
thus totally lost to their country.
HUNTS' 01 STORY UNDER OATH 111 COURT
OF HIS RELATIONS WITH I. W. W. LEADERS
AND ALIEN ENEMIES AND PART HE TOOK
Thej' turned on the street lamDS in Paris
the other night, for the first time in months,
and laughed at the full moon. It was the
occasion of the bringing to the famous Tuil
eries gardens of some hundreds of captured
German cannon. What a sight for the
game, gay, gallant Parisians! How these
captured guns rumbled in the streets. There
was an endless procession of them, bump
ing and jolting behind the French cham
pions, and they were lined up in rows in the
leafy fastnesses of the great gardens. How
many Frenchmen had died that these can
non, made in Essen, should rest in Paris?
Ah, Paris knows. Her houses of mourn
ing are all hotises. But her heart is the
same as it has always been throughout the
ages indomitable. She cheered these
gunners and the guns they brought. She
blinked in the Usual glare of bright lamps
on her long dark streets. Paris is feeling
the victory on the west front as well as
reading about it in the dispatches.
This column reads with unmixed feel
ings of satisfaction and delight of how the
federal government has gone after certain
profiteers in butter. Here's hoping they
get theirs: If there is any one household
commodity that has increased steadily and
unvaryingly in price for the past four years,
until now it brushes the mountain tops and
scrapes the clouds, that one thing is butter.
Even Hoover has never been able to batter
down its upward flight.
The Ottawa, Kansas, Herald is con
vinced that the Germans will have to have
a change of heart as well as a change of
constitution before they can qualify for any
kind of a peace.
The hand that penned the last German
peace note was the hand of Solf, but the
voice that dictated it, was the voice of Wil-helm.
Speaking of armistices. It depends
after all upon whose ox is gored, how
ar the goring process has proceeded,
and the psychological attitudes of the
respective owners of the animals en
gaged. Germany today is asking for
an armistice, with what good grace,
nternational unction and diplomatic
finesse, the world outside of Germany
is taking due note of and setting down
its observations.
In 1871, France, or at leist its capi
tal, then a very much gored ox, really
bled white, was asking an armistice
aud Germany, with its armies at her
gates, was the power in whose hands
lay the granting of it. Let us look
back a moment, in passing, at the
history of those days and see what
views Germany, through her military
and . diplomatic experts, Bismarck,
Roon and Von Moltke, then held on
the subject of armistice. Precedents,
while not arbitrary guides, are always
valuable from the standpoint of sug
gestion. September 1, 1870, Sedan, with its
army and the emperor of France, sur
rendered to the Germans. October 27
Bazaiu2 gave up another immense
French army at Metz. Gladly would
France have made peace but for the
avowed intentions of the German gov
ernment to demand indemnities and
the cession of its territories. Septem
ber 4 the assembly had declared the
deposition of Napoleon and a procla
mation was issued announcing the re
public. Jules Favre asked the Ger
man emperor if he meant to furnish
the"19t!i century with the spectacle of
two lotions destroying one another
and heapinsihe dead upon the dead
and ruin upon ruin. "Vet, if it is a
challenge," he said, "we accept not
an Inch of our territory, not a stone of
cur fortresses, we will cede."
Began Siege of Paris.
But the German armies moved re
lentlessly forward and began the
siege of Taris, and France made up
her mind to fight to the bitter end.
Outside of Paris she had a scattered
and demoralized army of half a mil
lion men. Inside of Paris, she h,-d
the na'ioiK'l t-uurd and rewly recruit
ed civilians, amounting to about
400,000 men. With the armies re
leased from Sedan and Metz. Germany
encircled Paris and began the memor
able siege. At first there was ni
bombardment there were some among
the German leaders who wanted to
save the beautiful cily." Bismarck
and Koon chafed agninst this senti
mnta! restriction. "The Parisians
have too much lo eat and too little
to digest." wrote Koon in November,
when the situation in Paris was fast
approaching the starvation stage,
"iron pills, namely, of which too few
have been employed. Though, certain
intrigues stand iu our way here.
hope that the the pillh will take
el led; it would be too great a shame
to I t all the glory of the war go to
the devil in thit, way."
Meanwhile from court t. court,
Thiers traveled vainly seeking to
diet; i truov -"til-? French goveri
n ! nl ; k ms vet to'i iiiisJjNe to d-al
with," was all the assurance he could i
get. By the middle of November tUe 1
situation of the besieged of Paris had
grown appalling. Horse meat soared
in price beyond nil reach, Rats, sell
ing at 6J centimes affect, were being
eagerly, devoured Infants were dying
by the thousands for want of milk and
the whole death rate had trebled in
a few months. A bitter, unusual win
ter was setting in. And just about
tnis time, the Germans, having set
tled their aesthetlcal differences in
the matter of the bombardment, be
gan throwing over Roon's "liron pills."
Some 56,000 shots were fired into the
city, and at last after 132 days of
starvation and appa'Iing scenes of
mirfciy and death, Jule3 Favre was
sent forth from Paris to ask an
armistice.
Bismarck Wrote Proposal;.
Favre met Bismarck :.i Versailles.
After the first salutations., an eye
T.'iineFs cf the negotiations records,
Favre said he had come to renew the
negotiations for a truce. Bismarck
interrupted him to say: "The situa
tion has changed. If you are still go
ing to say 'not an inch, not a stone,'
we may break off at once. My time
is valuable and yours also." Then
after a little more talk, he added.
"After all. why should 1 treat with
you? Why should I give your irregu
lar republic an appearance of legality
by signing an armistice with its rep
resentative? What are you but
rebels? Your emperor, if he came
back, would have the right to shoot
every one of you." After a t?w out
bursts of this kind, liismarck settled
down to business. He asked Favre
to write down such conditions of
peace as seemed to him reasonable
sua that th?y would discuss them the
next dny.
The next day, Hicmarrk haung l.ad
interviews with the Emperor William
and Von Moltke, had another inter
view with Favre and totally ignoring
Fin re's propositions, submitted his
own schedule for an armistice, which
uas as follows:
1. An armistice for 21 days.
2. Disarmament of the French army,
the latter to remain in Paris as pris
oners of war.
3. The soldiers to give up arms and
banners; officers to keep their
swords.
4. The armistice to extend all over
Frame.
5. Paris to pay ind"innity, and give
up Its iorts to the Prussians.
6. The Germans not to enter Paris
during the armistice.
7. Klections to be held throughout
Fiance for a national assembly to
consider conditions of peace.
An Armistice With a Punch.
This wdii the preliminary draft of
the terms of the armistice upon whirn
the negotiations were opened. Some
moili.i' hi ions and changes were made
before t!i final signature. Outside of
Paris French armies were still in tliq
field lighting, tiieir leaders declaring
their determination to continue the
fight until more favorable terms of
peace could be obtained, wan no iu-
demnii ie and no cession of territory.
The districts in whh U these armies
were lighting were exempted from
the armistice. An as an earnest of
the indemnity proposition, liismarck
demanded jn immediate advance of
"ranscm" money amounting to lo
million doUurs This was exclusive
of the one billiou dollars iuJeuiuity
Governor on Witness Stand Makes Pitiable Spectacle of Him
self As He Is Unable to Determine in His Own Mind
Whether I. W. W. Is Disloyal Organization, Though Previ
ously He Had Denounced It as Such in His Message and in
Letter Written to Dwight B. Heard and Published in
Phoenix Newspaper
In this installment of Governor end the others there present at the
Hunt's testimony under oath in the ,ime tuat a11 them that all of them
: mat you wouia release as governor
i all the I. W. W.s convicted in labor
troubles. A. I did not.
Breen libel trial, the chief executive
of Arizona is asked about his affilia
tions with Mike Sullivan, Charles Tan
nehill and other wobblies. It was to
Sullivan that he wrote the "Dear
.Mike" letter. This chapter also con
tains the cross-examination of Hunt
by Judge Campbell as to whether he
is a member of the I. W. W. and his : wasn't he? A. I don't know.
statement that as governor and chair- Q- Yo d00-'1 know? A. No. sir.
, , , . Q. Where was he employed at the
man of the Arizona Council of De-1 , . , , . .
time? A. He was employed at the
fense he cannot say that the wobblies prj50n for a while.
are disloyal. In answer to a question i Q. As a guard. A. Tes. sir.
by Judge Campbell, Hunt says that I Q- Do ycu know a man by the name
he doesn't "2now of any I. W. W. or-jot Bo Williams?
Q. Yon did not tsay that? A. No.
sir, I did not.
Another Wobbly Pal.
Q. Do you know a man by the name
of Tannehill? A. Yea, air.
Mr. Campbell: Q. He was a mem
ber of the L W. W. organization.
ganizations in Arizona.
This testimony opens with a ques
tion addressed to the governor asking
him about his visits to I. W. W. head
quarters, as follows:
Meets I. W. W. Friend.
By Mr. Campbell: Q. 1 understood
you to say this morning, or today, that
you had not been to the I. W. W. head-
Mr. Laney: Just a minute, if the
Court please. 1 object to this on the
ground that It is irrelevant.
The Court. You claim the founda
tion tas not been laid?
Mr. Laney: Absolutely not at alt
Mr. Campbell: We can't until we
liud out w hether he knows It or not.
Then we can follow it up. This is
cross-examination, if the Court please.
Mr. Laney: I object to it then.
that it in not nroner rrftmiamtr.
quarters in Phoenix; is that right?, tlon not haTln? ben toucned upon
A'Ye.s' in the examination in chief, anvthing
Q. ou never have been? A. Not afooUt i w. w.s.
that I know of. jir. Campbell: . . . Sat these
Q. Sir? A. Not that I know of. j men have been convicted in courts of
Q. I will ask you whstht-r on Feb-jjU8tire f sedition and dislovalty to
ruary 6. 1918. you caled at the 1. W. i the United States, wltn whom he has
W. headquarters in Phoenix? A. I hd his nhotoeranh taken and then
called on Wall street, down where I , r. r ,h em rn-hn was an alien Anemw
the labor a.n,j gkippd the country.
Q. Don't you know that l. where; The Court: Are you shorn ing mem
McMillan's office was? A. That wasibershin in that organization
dext door, right opposite, next door.
Q. Weren't those their headquar
ters? A. No. sir. not that I know of.
Q. Do you know a man by the name
of Payne? A. Yes. sir.
Q. Do you know a man by the name
of Stein? A. No.
Q. On February 6. 191 S. did you not
go to the tl. W. W. headquarters in
the city of Phoenix and meet Payne
and Stein, two members of that or
ganization, and take them with you
to see the penitentiary at Florence
in the state car? A. No, sir.
Takes Wobbly to Florenc.
Q. Did you take Payne and Stein?
A. I took I'ayne.
Q Did you take Stein? A. No. sir.
I didn't get him from no I. W. W. head
quarters, either,
Mr. Campbell: I am showing his
habitual friends are people In that
organization.
T'ie Court: If that statement be
marie that his habitual friends are
people in that organization, then the
Court wiil sustain the objection.
Enter "My Dear Mike."
Mr. Campbell. Q Do vou know
Mike Sullivan?
Mr. Laney: Object to it as irrele
vant. The Court: Overrule the objection.
I assume you are going into one of
these.
Mr. Campbell: An intimate frienj
of the governor's, an T. W". W.
The Co'irt: Just en intimate friend.
I will sustain the objection.
O Where Hirt vr.ii .et him At lnowj OT nn I. W. W
the labor headquarters if I remember
right.
Q. You got him from the same
place Mr. McMillan works, didn't
you? A. No. sir.
Q. And did you no
to go at that time?
member. i
Q Will you a you didn't? A.I
What is that?
Q. Will you say ou didn't? A. I
say I don't remember.
Q Well, your best recollection about
it; will you say you didn't ask Mr.
McMillan, secretary A. I don't re-:
member whether I did or not. I have
asked a good many people to go to ,
llorenee. i
Q Did you not go to the I W. W.
headquarters an. I ask them to go wttu
you. A. I diil not. i
Q. In the tate car A. I did uof. 1
Q And did ou not tell McMillan'
Q. Do you know an organization
known as the Industrial Workers of
th? World, governorr A. How is
that?
Q Do you know an organization
auir McMillan 11 1 it? iiiuupi rial orners . Ol
A I don't re-: h, IW"r.,(1-.over.n"r- mmonlycalled
; the I. . U.s. A. es. sir.
Q Is it a disloyal organization?
A. As federal mediator I went into
that in Globe. '
tl Is it a disloyal organization? A.
I didn't go into tuat phase of it.
Q. Are you a member of the organ
ization A. I am not (Witness min?
to his feet and gesticulating wildlyK
Q. Kilher honorary or A. You
know it too.
Q. I do not. A. You do know It.
and I will tell you. Judge, I think I
ought, to appeal to you
Mr. Laney: Just a minute, goveru-
tConunued from Pits Five)
I THE BlSbtt DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1918.
FIVE.
A Bisbee Soldier
Boy Scores in France
David Reese Was in Battle of St Mihiel and Clipped Shoul
der Straps From German Officer and Sent It as a Token "to
Dad" Back Home in Bisbee Is in Hospital Now, Recover
ing From Pneumonia, but Expects to "Get Back at 'Em
soon."
William Reese, the well-known
miner and leasor, is a proud man this
day, and he is proud with cause, for
his son, David Reese, a Bisbee soldier
boy now in France has just sent him
a shoulder strap clipped from the
thoulder of a German officer in the
. battle of St- Mihiel. It is ond
11 ...j few real war trophies of which
warren district can boast up to
tnis time, and while it may be small.
It came from the heart of battle and
Is doubly precious. Dave Reese is
also a cousin of E. W. Reese, the pop
ular traffic cop.
It is just a cutting of heavy woolen
cloth an inch and a half wide and
three inches long, dyed a bright red
and with the number, "1040," sewed
in yellow thread upon one end, and a
buttonhole and the kaiser's emblem,
also in yellow, on the other end.
Young Reese did not go into details
as to just how be secured this
shoulder strap. "I got it from a Ger
man," be wrote in his letter to his
HUNT'S 01 STORY
UNDER OATH IN COURT
(Continued from Page Four)
or, I will clear that up on re-direct
examination.
The Court: Yes.
"All Ht Up."
Mr. Campbell: Is it a disloyal or
ganization if it isn't a disloyal or
ganization, why should you be so hot
about it, governor?
Mr. Laney. I object to that as en
tirely irrelevant.
The Court: Sustain the objection.
Mr. Campbell: Is it in your opinion
a loyal or disloyal organization?
Mr. Laney: Object to it as irrele
vant. The Court: Objection overruled. I
have sustained the objection before
because he had these words, "Why
are you so hot about it." Now there
is nothing before the Court.
Mr. Campbell: There is a whole
lot before the Court.
The Court: I can save a great deal
of time to you. The governor can
answer yes or no, and get the matter
foundation for the purpose of another i
foundation for th epurpose of another j
question. Governor, if you can, answer
the question. A. What was the ques
tion? He Don't Know.
Mr. Campbell: Q. Is the I. W. W.
organization loyal or disloyal, will
you answer that governor, in this
great war that is going on? A. I
don't know.
Q. Have you ever known? A. I
haven't went into the situation at all.
The Court- You might save time if
he answered he doesn't know.
Mr. Campbell: I anr asking if he
ever has known, and I have to ask
that question.
The Court: Very well then.
Mr. Campbell: Have you ever
known, governor?
Mr. Campbell: You will not let me
cross-examination this witness about
that?
The Court: I sustained the objec
tion. Mr. Campbell: I want to avow
then
The Court: Very well.
Mr. Campbell. I want to ask an
other question before I do it.
Ki Letter to Heard.
Q. Do you know Dwlght It. Heard?
A. Yes. sir.
Q. Did you write him a letter on ;
May 9th, 1918? A. I don't remember. I
I have written him several letter.
Q. Did you write him a letter in j
which you said in which it was pub- j
lished in the newspaper
Mr. Laney: Just a minute. I ob-j
ject to that as entirely irrelevant and j
immaterial.
The Court: Objection overruled.
You may answer.
The Court: Ask the question.
Mr. Campbell: Q. Did you not, iu
the letter addressed to Dwight ii.
Heard, May 9th. 1918. say the con
gress of th United States, the De
partment of Justice, and the peace
officers we have here, are giving
necessary and faithful attention to the ;
I. W. W. situation
A. I think
I
wrote him a letter.
Q. You knew then
disloyal organization?
they were a
A. What did
I say there?
Passes the Buck.
Q Did you not know tht-n it was a
disloyal organization, governor", and
n. il in up to '.lie Kuveruuieill to lOOK
after that.
Q. Didn't you know it yourself. Do
you not know now that the I. V- W.
is a disloyal organization, and is in
imical to the United States govern
ment, to the prosecution of the war?
Mr. Laney: I object to it
Mr. Campbell: Q As chairman of
the State Council of Defense, don't
you know it?
Mr. Laney. May it please the court,
t object to it on the ground that it
has been asked and answered, and
the governor has said he does not
know. '
The Court: Sustain the objection.
Mr. Campbell: Q. You are chair
man of the State Council of Defeii.-e.
are you not. governor? A. Yes. sir.
Q. As buch chairman have you had
occasion to give any attention at all
A T 1 ! .. . .1 . . , .
dad, but his brevity is eloquent. He
was not sure they would let this
souvenir go through from his hospital,
but he said that when he got back
with his own outfit he would send an
other one. This outfit, it seems, has
German shoulder straps and to spare.
"We have a long, hard fight ahead,"
writes this soldier who went through
the St. Mihiel affair, and he ought to
know for he had a close up there of
the Hun under arms.
Young Reese wrote from his hospi
tal cot in a cheerful strain. Active
service at the front is the ambition
of every doughboy iu France, and
whether in billet behind the lines or
in hospital recovering from wounds,
he frets and chafes to get back on
the battle line. Reese considers him
self to have been most fortunate in
seeing active service so soon after
his arrival overseas. St. Mihiel, he
writes, is regarded as the beginning
of a grand march by the Americans
up the Rhine.
to the question of the loyalty of the
I. W. W. organization?
Mr. Laney: That is entirely irrele
vant. If he has or has not, and is
simply seeking to try out the matter
of the I. W. W.
The Court: I will put the burden
on them to make that showing. Sus
tain the objection.
Mr. Sloan: We are trying to
show it.
The Court: He has answered def
initely long ago, and I don't see what
you are whiling this time away for.
Mr. Campbell. What did he say?
The Court: He said he didn't
know.
Mr. Campbell: Can't we test the
answer?
The Court: I sustained the objec
tion. Stanch by His Message.
Mr. Campbell: Q. In your mes
sage to the last legislature did you
declare the I. W. W. to be a disloyal
organization?
Mr. Laney: Object to that as en
tirely irrelevant.
The Court: Objection overruled.
Mr. I.aney: And upon the further
ground that there is no that no
proper foundation has been laid, and
that it is sinlply endeavoring to drag
this issue, to try out some one else's
The Court. You may answer.
The witness: What I said in th?
message?
The Court: Yes. '
The witness: I stand by what I
said in the message.
Mr. Campbell: Q. Did you say it?
A. Certainly.
Mr. Campbell: He knows what he
said in the message.
The Court: Yes, he is the author
of the message.
The witness: The message will be
my answer. .
Mr. Campbell. Q. What is your re
ply to the question now under oath?
Mr. Laney: Will the Court pardon
me
The. Court: No, I wouldn't care to
take up any more times on it; you
can answer the question.
The witness: What was the ques
tion? Mr. Campbell: Q. In your mes
sage, at the opening of the last ses
sion of- the legislature, did you de
clare that the I. W. W. was a disloyal
organization? A. I don't know the
exact wording in that message; if the
message is here, I stanu by what 1
said in that message.
Q. And if you said it is a disloyal
organization, you mean it? A. Yes, ii
I said it.
No Wobblies in State.
Q. You will make the same state
ment you made there? A. Yes, but
Judze it is this way. I don't know
anything about the organisation at all.
We don't have any in the state that
I know about. It is the individuals.
Everybody that doesn't agree with
them, they say they are I. W. W.s.
That is what they have been calling
me, and that is what they call every
body else, isn't that true?
REGISTRANTS WILL
BE ASSISTED AT
LOCALjr. M.G. A.
BEGINNING MONDAY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING CLERKS AND
OTHERS WILL BE ON HAND TO
HELP FILL OUT QUESTION
NAIRESFREE OF CHARGE
Tho Y. M C A. is again ready to
assist all those who will receive their
quest ionnai Ties through tho latest
mailing. On Monday afternoon at 1
o'clock the lobby will lie occupied by
a group of clerks who will he assisted
by the legal advisory board in having
a representative lawyer in attendance
and when every registrant may se
cure all necessary assistance in fill
ing cut his papers free of charge.
Mr. J. L. Powell has volunteer. J'l to
be present to give any information
that will bo of help in explanations
that may be necessary. It is requested
that any who may wish to volunteer
as i lerks leave their names at the
detk in the Y. M C. A. oUiee also the
time in the afternoon and evening in
whi.h they cau bene.
LT. JOE JAGOBSON
WRITES EXPERIENCES
IN FRENCH CITIES
TELLS OF ATTENDING FEAST OF
ROSHOSHONA IN WONDERFUL
JEWISH SYNAGOGUE IN OLD
TOWN OF FRANCE AND OF
MEETING STRANGE PEOPLE
Sidelights upon conditions in
France as they affect the members of
the American expeditionary forces,
are given in a series of letters from
Sec. Lt. Joe Jacobson, quartermaster
department, to his father, I. Jacobson,
of this city. These will prove par
ticularly interesting to local people of
the Jewish faith.
Lieutenant Jacobson says in part:
"It was a beautiful day when we
landed and I had the pleasure of go
ing out to the camp in a Packard
truck. We drove through the heart
of the quaint old city and my eyes
were surely opened to see French .wo
men as they walk down the street
nearly three out of four dressed com
pletely in black. Many of them still
wear wooden shoes, but as one of the
boys said, 'Not since the Americans
have started spending.' The streets
are as in pictures, in many places nar
row. For as old a city it is quite pro
gressive. To revert a moment to the
boat 1 will say the food was excellent
every meal as good as the 'best' at
the Chamberlain and equal the ser
vice. The officers were put in a state
room (first class) arranged mostly
to have equal rank in the rooms.
There were four second lieutenants in
our loom and we gained the reputa
tion of making the most ncise on the
boat. The first few days of the jour
ney was extremely warm and impos
sible to sleep inside. I slept on the
aft port side cf the deck, which is
the rear left side side of the top deck.
We were on a three decker so it was
not so bad at night. We were on the
lookout for subs but with the eagle
eyes of our American gunners they
did r.ot have a chance in the world.
One night a couple of shots were tak
en at, some say a sub, but I said that
I lived close to Missouri, and first had
to be shown.
"The Y. M. C. A. is certainly very
active and from morning until night a
column a half block long is waiting
to get to its canteen. Can you won
der? Why, they sell nearly everything
you want at much cheaper prices than
in the states. Camels sell for seven
cents a package and Hershey'a and
other such candies at proportionate
prices, None of the French popula
tion are permitted to buy anything
as it is all for the army.
"Sugar cannot be obtained any
where except in the army and it is
very limited here. A man in the Amer
ican army is surely an aristocrat when
it conies to food. To show you how
conserving they (the French) are:
while we were still aboard the boat
an old man came in a small row boat
with a little net and gathered up the
bread which had been thrown over
board. Of course he was going to feed
it to his chickens but when they
threw him a fresh loaf for himself he
nearly fell out of the boat with joy.
They soon dropped many small 'coins
into his boat and also a pipe and some
Tuxedo. I guess he can soon retire.
"I have not forgotten that today
and yesterday is 'Roshoshona' and I
was to a real 'shool' this morning. I
certainly had a novel experience find
ing it again. Although every one
speaks I managed to find the 'shool'
but it was closed. I finally found
the lady in charge and she spoke Eng
lish fairly well also a little Yiddish.
Incidentally she has a relative at Du
buque (some more wonderful experi
ence). "She directed me to the Rabbi
and I found that he spoke English
quite well and also Yiddish, so you
see I progressed wonderfully well.
He Is in the French army and acts
as interpreter at the German prison
camp. But the way I have seen many
of the beasts at the dock and they al
ways look sneeringly at the Amer
icans. I guess they still believe we
barely havo a couple of hundred men
here.
After having quite a conversation
with the Rabbi I left to return to
'shool' today, lt was my desiie to try
and get a man to come out to have
services with the boys as they are in
quarantine and cannot get away.
There are 40 Jewish boys in the com
pany. "The church is really wonderful. It
looks almost like the Masonic rooms
only smaller. It has the large pillars,
stone floor. large balconies and a won
derful altar. They had their services
in Portuguese French, except for small
sections. But it was most impressive
and I attended a Jewish church on
Aoshoshona in France. The most sur
prising feature of the entire trip was
that there were about lino American
(Jewish) soldiers and sailors from the
surrounding country there. I was
mora than astonished to have it
brought to my attention that bo many
Jewish boys are in the army. There
must be at least 1000 around this
base. Last night, two majors and a
lieutenant cclonel of medical units
were there.
"Very, very few of the Jews speak
English or Jewish Most of them are
of Portuguese decent and speak I
French. That is why it is so hard for
me to get along. I have been invited I
to dinner the night tefore Yon Kip- !
pur by a French lieutenant. He h poults j
only French but I am sure it w ill he I
a pleasant experience for me. In or-!
der to arrange the engagement, we
talked through mi American soldier :
who interpreted to h Frenchman who j
spoke Yiddish and from him to the
lieutenant, ltut I am picking up the
language and w ith seine study I shall '
coin" along fairly well.
"All the men ar- paid in French
niciiey and 1 paid cur company . f i to
day. We are paid at the rate of ex
change at 5. tin; that is our $1, is worth I
DUPLICATE NAMES IN
LIST MAKE BOARD'S
MEMBERS TURN GRAY
DRAFT BODY URGES MEN TO
SHOW SERIAL AND ORDER NUM
BER IN ALL COMMUNICATIONS
AS THIS SAVES ENDLESS TROU
BLE FOR THEM
"Duplication of names is what gets
the goat of the county draft board."
said R. B. Krebs, clerk of the board
yesterday. "In a number of instances
we have not only several of the same
names, but in the same town and all
are 'general delivery.'
"Take the name of John Carretto.
There are four of that name in Bis
bee, all general delivery. There are
six J. D. Davises in the county. We
have six Angel Garcias on our list
fnd I could mention many others
where- there ore duplications without
distinguishing address.
"The board wishes, therefore, to
urge on all men registered that In
their communications they should
make their name as short as possible
and with as many distinguishing
marks as they can. "Use your serial
and order number in all communica
tions, which would prevent mistakes."
The Cochise county hoard now
ranks highest in the state for effi
ciency, having been rated six points
against three for its nearest competi
tor. The points are based upon mail
ing, classification, etc., in connection
with the board's work. This is du9
largely to Mr. Kreb's untiring efforts.
He has been so busy with this work
and expects to continue so that he
has abandoned the idea of campaign
ing for re-election, depending upon
his friends.
RELIEF ASSOCIATION
DOES GOOD WORK IN
INFLUENZA EPIDEMIC
HAS SENT NUMBER OF WOMEN
TO HELP NURSE SICK IN VARI
OUS HOMES WHERE AS MANY
AS HALF A DOZEN PERSONS
HAVE BEEN 'ILL AT ONCE
During the influenza epidemic in
this district the Warren District Re
lief association has been able to
render substantial aid by sending a
number of ftronien to help in the vari
ous homes where there have been as
many as five and six people ill at
the same time. Hardly any of these
women are 'graduate nurses, but have
all given excellent service and in no
case has there ever beeo a complaint
made. Mrs. Wolford has called arid
visited at these homes in order to
report to the secretary of the relief
association the exact conditions of
these families, financially and other
wise. If any family is found to be
so destitute that the help received
could not be paid for. The association
is willing to make up for any neces
sary deiiciency.
Whenever help in nursing can be
furnished to 'the various doctors out
side of the calls that an? maae direct
to the relief association for help, it
will be gladly furnished.
Mrs. Wolford and Miss Cummings
can be found in the evenings at phone
No. Gre?n 631 or 329. while during
the day either of them may be found
at the office of the Warren District
Relief association Phone 443.
FRENCH ORPHAN FUND
NEEDS RENEWAL SOON
AS IT WILL EXPIRE
THIS MONTH MARKS FIRST ANNI
VERSARY OF 199 CHILDREN
WHO HAVE BEEN SUPPORTED
THROUGH GENEROSITY OF PEO
PLE OF WARREN DISTRICT
As .-oo:i as the quarantine is lifted
(and let us hope and trust this will
be very soon the Warren district
committee of the Fatherless French
children organisation will hold a meet
ing to elect officers and hear the re
port fcr tho year. There are 199
French orphans being cared for now
by t'le people of the district, one of, if
not the finest, showing made by any
community in this country for this
noble v.ork.
An the yearly pledge for U.i.s aid
expires this month it is desirable thai
all tho-e who wish to continue to care
lor these little outs renew their
pledg.'s to J. y.. Cor.olly ;il ti.e Bank
of isiobee. Alrc'.dy ni:n renewals
have been received from Douglas fos
ter parents of thfe French children
The recent rel'gious controversy.;
regard ti(5 the car 1 of tJiese children1
and m ist ...tisfa! -t-.il ily settled. Kd-1
ward Shears n. vi 'i -p:e: iiient of the
Aine:ican cr?ur.izaii.!, has jtst re-:
tinned ironi France, and hi i rencrt I
of the French feelii:; in rega-d to
ti;s wiiih- and t!ie M-Jt good that i? ;
hei:ig done will thrill np man nr 'ni :
it ti or (lull in America who lias the:
laU narl in helping a brave Fri n h
widow c-ire lor her fat.'icrie.v-i little
ones.
It is a privilege ami an lienor, us
will as a duty to tare Ii r tlie child of
a gall.int Frenchman who died at Ver
dun er in the Champagne.
ii fiams. tin centimes But siher or
currency is onlv worth about .1 franc:..
L'n centime. The government allows
inoie on evchnigH than the French
puy tor AiiR-riciu currency."
State and County News Briefs
County News
A. C. Davis of Douglas received
word yesterday that his son, D. C
Davis, who is in a hospital in France,
has been shot in the foot. He was
captain In the quartermaster corps
when here, and enlisted with a Ca
nadian regiment last spring.
According to a card received yester
day from James Giacoma, in Tomb
stone, he states that Mrs. J. S. Cham
bers, who went to Gulfport to be at
the bedside of her son, George, is now
confined with the influenza. He states
that he is feeling better and that the
epidemic is gradually subsiding.
Earl E. Wharton died Vesterday
morning at his home in Douglas, a
victim of both influenza and pneu
monia. The mother of the deceased
and a sister, Mrs. Kinvig, are also
quite ill at the family residence, and
as a consequence the body has been
placed in charge of the Ftrguson-'un-dertaking
parlors which will look after
the funeral arrangements.
Word received in Douglas is to the
effect that Roy Bowman, formerly a
resident of Douglas has died at Ber
keley California, where he went a
short time ago to accept employment
in the shipyards at that point. Mr.
Bowman was a nephew of John Bow
man of Nogales, but had been a resi
dent of Douglas for several years, be
ing on the E. P. & S. W. crew on the
Courtland train. Mrs. Bowman, who
was employed at the Parisian for two
years, accompanied him to I erkeley.
Clerk A. C. Karger of the Board of
Supervisors, yesterday received word
from his brother, Walter Karger. who
has just completed a training course
at the officers' training camp at Fort
Sam Houston, Tex., that he has been
commissioned as first lieutenant in
the Motor Transport corps and ex
pects to leave shortly for an eastern
port to embark for overseas. Lien-
tenant Karger will be remembered by
man- in Tombstone, having spent sev
eral months here on a visit with his
brother.
C. W. Douglas, division engineer of
the state road department, returned
home this morning from Douglas,
where he went to take the examina
tion for the artillery officers' training
camp. He passed the examination
and will now await orders to report
to training camp. Mr. Douglas has
served previously in the army, hav
ing been located on the border during
the Mexican trouble, and no doubt
will have no trouble in obtaining a
commission.
Carrol Grotten, formerly of the gro
cery department of the Phelps Dodge
Mercantile company at Douglas, has
accepted the position of assistant man
ager of the company store at the
El Tigre mining camp in Sonora and
will go there next Tuesday. Mr. Gro
ten resigned his position in the store
here recently and went to Nitro, Vir
ginia, where he expected to work in
the government- powder plant being
provided there, but he found condi
tions so undesirable that he returned
to Douglas. His Douglas friends will
'wish him success in Mexico.
Road Foreman of Engineers A. G.
Newell, who has been ill for the post
ten days with a severe attack of In
fluenza, is recovering rapidly. He left
yesterday for El Paso, where his wife
is ill with the same disease: W. O.
Deason, an engineer on the El Paso
and Southwestern, is now temporarily
employed in hostling in the Douglas
shop; E. R. Ncldin, a fireman on the
El Paso and Southwestern, has re
turned from Little Rock. Ark., where
he has been for a 30 days' vacation
He was ill for several days with in
fluenza while away.
A Buick car containing 20 cases of
whisky was captured by Deputy Sher
iff Percy Bowden and Police Officer
Jim Houston after an exciting chase
at 10: 30 o'clock Friday night at Doug
las. The bootlegger himif escaped
and ten cases of the booze were
smashed in the chase. The officers
went out on the Rodeo road lookinr
for bootleggers and were rewarded
about three miles out. They set chase
as the purveyor of contraband headed
for Douglas. They gained on him and
as the bootlegger reached an alley
just nortli of Twenty-first street on A
avenue, Sunnyside. he stopped his car
and lit out. The officers drew up in
a few moments and Bowden let flv
with two bullets at the fleeing man.
It was very dark and the follow was
a wonder at getting over fences and
covering distance. He got through a
barbed wire fence enclosing the hack-
yard of Eli Reeves and then apiears to
have shinned over two high wooden
fences next doer. The car was taken
to the police headquarters. It has n
New Mexico license. Chief Jones
thinks it is the same tar he chased
out of an alley down town not very
long ago. A woman was driviug it
then.
Ncthin.; finer lias come out of the
war than tiiis line Trom an epitaph
ii a British graveyard in France:
"For your tomorrow they gave their
today." ! '.u 1 1 a i o K x p res s.
i
WANTS
(TOO LATEOjCLASSIFY.)
FOR RENT Three completely furn- ;
ished rooms close in. t all at r.I- j
lutt house. 30! j
i
FOR KENT Three furnished rooms, j
Cochise row. Apply to L. B. Cory.
South Bisbee. 37
FOR SALE - Improved ranch, seven
miles south of McNeill, cheap. See
owner. A G. Hughes. 11" Opera I
Diive, head of Broadway. 3t'S
About the State
Phoenix: Earl Haw ley, son of Dr.
and Mrs. A. S. Hawiey of Phoenix,
and for more than a year a purhcaser
of hospital supplies for the Red Cross
in Washingion, is dead of Spanish in
fluenza. He paid a brief visit to his
parents iu Phoenix and was stricken
with tne disease while -oil his way
back to Washington.
Yuma: Bernard Johnson, who won
nation-wide face as the man who in
troduced date culture into the United
Slates, was recently found dead on
the lloor cf his cabin in the Yuma
alley. Joh;..n imported thousands
cf ycung da.-' palms from Egypt and
the Sahdr uesert and it was primar
ily due to i-'-i efforts that date grow
ing became an American industry',
He was of German birth and left his
property to persons in Germany, but
the federal government may decide
that it belongs to Uncle Sam.
Phoenix Names of Arizona banks
that purchase $1000 worth of war sav
ings stamps are to be published, if
plans in maturity now by Harry Tritlo
of the State Council of Defense materi
alize. Secretary Tritle has mailed
letters to all the state banks, urging
that they do as banks in other states
have done buy war savings stamps.
Attention is called to the fact that Ari
zona is far behind in its savings stamp
quota, and much dependence is placed
upon the willingness of the financia
institutions of the state to bring the
total up to the required amount.
Phoenix: Suit has been riisd in the
superior court of Maricopa county at
Phoenix by H. E. Easterday, secre
tary and treasurer of the Ray-Kelvin
Mining company, against William E.
Cogsdell, president of that concern.
for an exact accounting of the com
pany's affairs. Cogsdell was arrested
in California last August and brought
to Phoenix to face a charge relating
to his handling of the company's af
fairs. He was acquitted and the case
dismissed after a hearing before the
court. Now Cogsdell is bringing suit
against Easterday, the Arizona Ga
zette, et al., for damages in the amount
of $10,000. .The paper is named as a
defendant in a charge of libel.
Tucson Suit was filed in the super
ior court yesterday by Alexander Ros
si, capitalist, miuing man and regional
ly famous restauranteur, against the
Arizona Pyramid Mining company and
Oliver Maguire, for the sum of $S760.
plus $600 attorney fees and interest
on the principal of a promissory note
alleged to have been given January
5, 1916, by the defendant to Edmund
E. Dalton, secured by a mortgage on
the Gunch mining claim, which note
was assigned to the plaintiff, it is al
leged. Oliver Maguire of Cleveland,
Ohio, is made a party to the suit be
cause of the fact, as alleged, that she
claims to have a prior lien on tiie
property which secured the payment
of the note. Rossi asks that his mort
gage be ma.de the prior lien. Charles
Blenman represents the plaintiff.
Phoenfx: Dr. O. H. Brown, state
health officer, has issued mandatory
instructions to each county health
officer, to have a survey made in each
community every three days to de
termine the number and to offer vac
cine inoculations, and. of influenza
cases, to enroll all women with nurs
ing training, to provide means for
spraying the noses and throats of
those let unaffected especially, to or
ganize and equip at once a temporary
hospital capable of enlargement. The
most serious report is from the Globe
Miami district, whence county attor-
U. S. INDIANS FIGHTING FOR DEMOCRACY
GET THE BEST OF CARE WHEN WOUNDED
' --.
y"' " v:.
. ' '
t J - Ik ! . , -' -
.9W . v Xv-
Wr-i, '''I -.- .. : " ' '
Z3ff
Wounded Choctaw braves (in foreground) listening to band in military
hunital at Auteuil.
Red American Indians are in the
Some of them have made the supreme
f i i i a. 1 . . J ,vJ
of them who wmv recently wounded
Europe's band at the American military hospital at Autcu;l. France. Tfcesa
Indians are eett-.ng- the best of care and they will soon be able to again
take up the tight to make the world fe for decent people to hve in.
j ney Foster telephones there are 1,000
leases of the disease, with a shortage
; of doctors and nurses. The situation
iu the north Bee ms better, except in
the district south of Holbrook, at
Concho, St. Johns and Springs ville,
where most of tne population appears
aifected, witu little help at hand. At
Flagstaff among 200 cases at the Nor
mal school all have recovered save R.
O. Edick, an instructor in manual
training, formerly of Wiuslow. The
students are to be allowed to leave
for home, possibly needed for the
nursing of relatives.
Nogales Across the line, in No
gales, Sonora, an aroma not unfamil
lar, yet almost unknown since the
prohibition, decree of Governor P. E.
Calles, drew the attention of a cus
toms inspector to a heap of about 100
cocoanuts that had been received from
a west Mexican point by freight.
Investigation developed the fact that
every nut had been drained of its
milk, the cavity bad then been filled
with mescal and the hole plugged.
One of the plugs had failed to hold.
It is told, however, that the strange
milk had so permeated the fiber of
the nut that even '(he husks had be
come odorous of alcohol.
Phoenix: Injuries received while
iu the employ of the United Arizona
Copper Mining & Smelling company
resuiled in a $2u,0U0 damage action
being filed agair.st the company by J.
J. Hayden. The damage suit was in
stituted yesterday by HayCen through
his attorneys. Cox & Moore. He
charged that in September, 1913. while
he was in the employ of the defend
ant, whose mining properties are lo
cated in Humboldt, he was severely
injured and that the fault and respon
sibility rested wilh the company.
While engaged iu attempting to oil
certain parts of a gasoline engine and
compressor, certain parts caught his
hand, he alleged, which became
mangled. Iu addition to the injury to
his leit hand, Hayden alleges be suf
lered a serious nervous shock.
Tucson: What "line of defense"
they represent in Uncle Sam's big
siheme of national and world defense
has never been figured out, but there
are half a dozen women at the United
States immigration detention quarters
who have asked that they be sent to
France to nurse wounded American
soldiers, or "soldados Americanos,"
lor all of them are Mexican women.
Some, maybe ail, of these women will
be deported to Mexico for violating
immigration regulations. They do not
want to be sent back to Mexico, from
whence they came, because they like
the states better, and they have asked
that Instead of deporting them, if they
are ordered deported, the United
States send them to France to aid in
the care of the crippled and wounded
soldiers of the United States or its
allies.
Phoenix Thomas J. Croaff. federal
labor director of employment for Ari
zona,' today Issued an appeal to the
business men of Prescott to volunteer
their services as common laborers to
relieve the situation created by a
strike of laborers engaged in the con
struction of the hosvpital at Whipple
Barracks. The government is spend
ing $1,700,000 in the erection of hos
pital buildings for tuberculosis con
tracted by soldiers. Common labor
was recently reduced from 37 4 cents
an hour to 30c, which caused a strike,
the men leaving and going to work in
the mines.
There are now 50 cars of building
material on the sidings for the Whip
ple buildings and the cars are badly
needed back in the service. Director
Croaff today appealed to the business
men of Prescott to relieve the situa
tion by unloading the cars.
miust of the f.jrht for democracy,
sacritice for American ideais. Twc
ciiumi I'ctAninit (rt Toma Ti3Vctf
are seen listening to Jams Reese
; , ' r '. r
' I' I
- ) r-j SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY" REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1918.
Ci(y Briefs
Has anyona visited you? Or
have you entertained? If bo, call.
The Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
HERE FROM CANANEA.
George Skinner was in the city yes
terday from Cananea on business.
GOES TO COAST.
Arthur Houle left last night for Call
forniu where he will remain for a
short time on business.
RETURNS TO DUTY.
Pvt. Charles Madden has returned
to Ft. Sill. Okla., after spending his
furlough here visiting friends.
RETURNS FROM CALIFORNIA.
C. V. Allen has returned from Bly
the, Cal., where he has been for the
past two weeks on. business.
FROM TOMBSTONE.
Rodger Saunders of Tombstone was
In the city yesterday on a short busi
ness visit and returned home last
evening.
HAVE THE INFLUENZA.
T. C. Wheeler and D. V. Wheeler,
miners at the Lowell shaft, are both
off of work, owing to an attack of
the "flu."
IS ON VACATION.
Ed. Cimmons of the Cochise Motor
company, left Friday night fcr Califor
nia, where he will spend a few weeks
vacation.
RETURNS FROM TUCSON.
John Rawiings, purchasing agent for
the C. & A. company, has returned
from Tucson, where he has been fc a
few days on business.
IS IMPROVED.
Clarenee Wittig, surface timekeep
er at the Copper Queen, who has been
111 with influenza, was reported much
better yesterday at his mother's home
on Opera Drive.
COPPER QUEEN GUESTS.
J. D. Harris, I. W. McNamara, Chi
cago; J. Ivers, Chicago; George Skin
ner, Cananea; J. B. Mitchens. New
York; G. C. Grower, Los Angeles; F.
H. Loughlotz, Chicago..
DIES OF INFLUENZA.
Pete Lucouvich died of the Influenza
last night at the C. & A. hospital
He Is survived by a brother residing
in this city. Funeral arrangements
have not yet been made.
RECOVER FROM INFLUENZA.
The many friends of Miss Berna
dette Crane and Miss Vesta Hannah,
both of the Y. W. C. A., will be
pleased to learn that they have recov
ered from an attack of the influenza.
INJURED IN ACCIDENT.
Mrs. Harry C. Wheeler is in the
hospital at Nogales as the result of
an automobile accident on the Tuc-son-Nogales
road. Capt. Wheeler
escaped without injuries. The ma
chine turned turtle and Mrs. Wheeler
was pinned underneath.
HAS INFLUENZA.
Advices received here yesterday
from Phoenix were to the effect that
Jack White, republican candidate for
state mine inspector, was ill at hiB
home there with an attack of influ
enza. He is quite ill and was forced
to give up his campaign.
FUNERAL THIS AFTERNOON.
The funeral services over the re
mains of Mrs. Maurice Denn, who
died late Wednesday night of pneu
monia developed from influenza, will
be held this afternoon at 2 o'clock
from the family residence on Brewery
avenue. Rev. Father Mandin will
officiate.
TAKEN TO HOSPITAL.
A. M. Morris of Tombstone was
Madam Clark
CLAIRVOYANT
The well-known clairvoyant. Gives
truthful advice on all affairs of life.
Learn what is before you. Business
chances, journeys, speculation, social
and domestic conditions, failures, suc
cess, ill-health, evil influences, love,
marriage, divorce, law suits and all
human affairs advised upon with un
erring accuracy.
The wise use every means to com
pass victory; thousands have been
helped. If you are in trouble of any
kind, uphappy, not satisfied in life,
have domestic, love or business trou
bles, you will be told how to over
come them all.
Readings daily from 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.
GOLDEN HOTEL, ROOM 15
taken to the hospital Friday night
from his room at the Copper Queen!
hotel suffering from a mild attack of i
influenza. Mr. .Morris was loruieny 01
Hisbee, having been private secretary
to Walter Douglas, and has many
friends in the district.
COING TO BISBEE.
E. E. Nevins, athletic director at!
Camp Harry J. Jones, and A. E. Grif
fith, general secretary, will go to tiis
bee tomorrow, and Mr. Nevins will
remain there a week ago or so giving
athletic instruction to the Twenty
second battalion, 1". S. Guards, which
is stationed at Warren Douglas In
ternational. UNDELIVERED MESSAGES. '
The lollowi-nir undelivered telegrams
are at the Western Union office. Mrs.
R. S. Warnock, Mrs. Gertrude Yetive
Rraham. Edward G. Brown, F. J. Bled
soe. Abelino Luereo. A. G. Scheer. F.
W. McNamar, Brown Tabor, C. A.
Donward, Charlie Carter, Mrs. F. E.
Daib. R. A. Cramer, A. G. Ascher,
Mrs. Co. Msthlein.
FOPULAR COUPLE WED.
Miss Dorothy Bennet and Edward
CumLach of the Copper Queen me
chanical department were married Fri
day in the office of Justice of tne
Peace High. Both Mr. and Mrs. Cum-
bach have many friends in the dis
trict who extend to -them their heart
iest wishes. Mrs. Cumbach was, be-
for her marriage, a teacher in the
local schools.
DIES OF INFLUENZA.
Joe Late of Hereford died yester
day morning after an illness follow
ing an attack of influenza. The de
ceased is 53 years of age and is not
only known among the cattlemen of
this country, but is also well known
by many in the Warren district. The
remains were brought up to the city
yesterday and are at the Palace
morgue "waiting for further funeral
arrangements.
STARTED WORK.
The grading outfit that has the con
tract for grading the road between
Forrest station and tlie Forrest ranch
has commenced work. The outfit is
camped at Forrest station and began
plowing and cutting brush yesterday.
The grading on the section between
Forrest station and Douglas is rapidly
nearing completion. It is expected
that the work on the section between
Lowell and the Forrest ranch will be
started next week.
HERE FROM COLORADO.
J. J. Sullivan arrived in this city
yesterday from Colorado, to make ar
rangements for the funeral of his
cousin, Mike Morrison, w;ho died on
the 16th of this month, following an
illness of the influenza. The name of
the deceased was reported before to
be Mike Kennedy, but this is a mis
take, It should have been Morrison.
The remains are at the Hennessy un
dertaking parlors.
S. O. S.
A call has been sent out by the
knitting department of the Red Cross
for 50 sweaters by the first of No
vember, to be made in the warren
district. There is plenty of wool, and
it may be obtained by calling at the
Red Cross rooms every day between
10 and 12 a. m., and Tuesday, between
2 and 4 p. m. For furtlr informa
tion call Mrs. Osier, chairman of the
knitting committee, red 709.
FROM DENATURED ALCOHOL.
William Davey, aged 53 years, who
has been acting as porter for a num
ber of years about the city, died yes
terday in the Hermitage from the
effects of drinking denatured alcohol.
He went into the place yesterday
morning and stated that he was suf
fering from cramps. He was given a
place to lay down and about noon was
found in a dying condition. A cor
oner's jury was empanelled by Judge
High and the jury returned a verdict
from the cause above stated. He
leaves a mother and two half-brothers,
named Maddern, to mourn his loss.
WERE MARRIED.
Capt. Don Briley of the machine gun
troop of the Fifth cavalry, stationed
at Douglas, and Miss Blanche Dor
othea Detloff were married last eve
ning at the home of the bride's mother
on School hill. The ceremony was
performed by the v:hati!ain of the
First cavalry of Camp Harry J. Jones.
The groom is one of the popular offi
cers of the Fifth cavalry and has been
stationed at Douglas for some time.
The bride is one of Bisbee's most
charming daughters. She was raised
in the Warren district and has been
a teacher in the public schools for the
past few years. The couple will make
their home in Douglas for the present.
They carry to their new home the
best wishes of hosts of friends in the
Warren district.
NOW BURGLAR PROOF.
After several strenuous working
days during which he has been bend
ing all of his efforts toward making
Fruitman's Fashion shop burglar
proof in every sense of the word,
Charles Fruitman announced last
night that he felt confident he had
succeeded. Mr. Fruitman said he had
taken steps that ensured himself and
bis customers against future loss from
this source. In addition, he an
nounced that he stood ready to give
a reward of $100 to anyone who
would give the information upon
which he could bring about the arrest
and conviction of the person or per
sons who recently burglarized his
store, getting away with a consider
able amount of goods.
HUN HUNGER GROWS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 26. There is a
steady increase in "hunger diseases"
in Bohemia, says the Berlin Vor
waerts. In the majority of the towns
In German Bohemia the cases oof
death and illness resulting from the
scarritv of food have greatly in
creased. The Hindenburg. Siegfried. Queant
Drocourt, or Wotan lines don't mean
so much to us it's the Hohenzollern
line we're going to bust. San Fran
cisco Chronicle.
DISTRICT BOARD
AT TUCSON MAKES
CLASSIFICATIONS
NUMBER OF RESIDENTS OF CO
CHISE COUNTY ARE GIVEN DE
FERRED CLASSES ON ACCOUNT
OF OCCUPATIONS '
The district board at Tucson, has
passed on industrial claims of regis
trants in Cochise county. The follow
ing classifications have been given
them:
Class One
Name Division
Daniel E. Lewis K
W. Wm. Beckton F
Lavender A. Hallie 1
R. (i. Levis I
B. M. McElray Fj
John Paradi '
Charles F. Brown F
I E. C. Nelson F
I Walter Hohefing r
Mar Houg Kam F
Thas. D. Elix F
Jay Thurnton K
Ose E. Walker E
Jo's. X. Curtis, jr E
Lewis Blanton E
R. C. Cowan K
J. A. Kaneaster -
Claud L. Kuhn - - E
Jas. H. Hedges E
Wm. P. Nelson E
Roy A. Reed E
Jas. A. Shuman E
Peter Adling - E
Ben J. Hitch -E
Lee L. Cede . -- - - E
S. M. Brice E
A. X. Wickston E
Elmer Thompson E
(Chester Batchelor - I
Wm. S. Boyd - I
Wm. E. Porter I
Ed. A. Graves - F
C. L. Brandenburg F
James Geer - F
Xorwell R. Slosson F
L. J. Smith F
Class Two
Name Division
Jno. Xemaich D
Carl Zorn D
R. E. Lee Canion D
Ollie C. Cooper , D
Ernest Brown - D
J. H. DeLozier - D
Fred B. Davidson D
Victor S. Dressen D
Grover C. Davis D
Wm. Thomas Dracy D
Albert Lopez D
Vestor Kivi D
H. R. Kingsmith D
Jas. Kendall D
Oren T. Kay D
A. P. Johnson . D
Jackson -'
Wm. H. Hollond - D
Henry Howe - D
A. N. Harmon D
Wm. D. Henderson D
Geo. E. Gilmore D'
A. Boland - D
Geo. S. Brooks D
Roy R. Brown D
Alex T. Ash D
Sam Verrau r. - D
Fred Shell .'. D
John C. Larkner D
Curtis M. Signon - D
Paul C. Lyman - D
John Markie
Gus Nelson D
John Oliver D
Louis J. Parker D
Geo. B. Pray - D
John Wind
Sam B. Wood
James B. Watkins
E. J. Lindquish
Peter Ivancovich
D
D
D
D
D
Jacob Lupanice
Harry Abies D
Ralph Brown D
Louis G. Rock u
Herbert Lloyd - D
Wm. B. Baugh D
H. V. Jordan ...... '- D
F. Haythounh D
Oliver D. Piper - D
Fred Mahler D
Geo. B. Parned D
Sam J. Pearce D
John Pouler D
Carl J. Smith . D
Oren McLeod - D
John McGany. jr D
M. D. Manix D
Geo. Matzell D
F. R. McCall I)
John A. Miller D
James H. Ryan D
Wm. Pugh D
F. E. Riley
Ed E. Ross - - n
Jas. F. Ryan D
Alex M. Reid D
Earl H. Reid I
R. A. McComas O
A. H. Hannon D
Wm. J. Hooteir - D
Rollins J. Hay : D
Sam J. Holt D
Jas. D. Goodman I
Jno R. Gait P
I. F. Gates D
J. D. Grant D
John Ed. Gibbons D
Wilbur corge D
Mathew Grigg D
Wm. Foster D
George Rain ford D
Oliver B. Roberts D
Ray W. Staley r
T. F. Shanahnn D
Wm. E. Schiller D
Jno. W. Scott D
Jos. H. Stepp D
T. E. Sessions D
Thos. A. Thomesson D
Frank Teineuff D
James E. Tlbbetts D
Wm. C. Taylor D
Geo. C. Whitely f
Isaac B. Wood D;
Thos. E. White D
Frank Wa jriok D
Kenneth Williams D;
Wm. C. Willoughby D
Hugh S. Williams D:
Class Thrve
Name Division)
Frank H. Fisher L
Harrison C. Henne K
.... k;
K
Kj
Division
I)
C
C
('
Albert 11.
ii..
who i. liaiiagner
Wm. CI. Autrim C
Andy Zumwali C
W. A. Crawford C
Ben R. Satne C
Geo. L. I'urry C
Williiini I). Enfield C
Frank C. Cobb C
hi explanation of the clas.sifir a- j
tions. the following are pr'iited as tak
en from the official questionnaire:
Class One
A Single man without dependent
relatives.
B Married man, .with or without
children, or father of motherless chil
dren, who has habitually failed to sup
port his family.
('Married man dependent on wife
lor support.
D Married man, with or without
children, or father of .motherless chil
dren; man not usefully engaged, fam
ily supported by income independt nt
ol his labor.
E Unskilled farm laborer.
F 1'nskilled industrial laborer.
Class Two
A
Ray I. Greene
James ('. I'.:nkwell
W. E. I law icy
Class Four
Name
S. M. Grornislgo
E. J. Graf
Married man with children or:flage; he simply smiled and his smile
father of motherless c'.iiklren where was sufficient disguise for his inieu
such wife or children of such mother- j tiou.
less children are not mainly depend-1 "Jack. I'd like to rent a good big
ent upon his labor for support for the j space on one of you.- bill fcaurds,"
reason that there are other reason
ably certain sources of adequate sup
port (excluding earnings or possible
earnings from the labors of the wife),
available, and that the removal of the
registrant will not deprive such de
pendents of support.
B Married man, without children,
whose wife, although the registrant is
engaged in a useful occupation, is not
mainly dependent upon his labor for
support, for the reason that the wife is
skilled in some special class of work
which she is physically abla-to per
form and in which she is employed, or
in which there is an immediate open
ing for her under conditions that will
enable her to support herself decently
and without suffering or hardship.
C Necessary skilled farm laborer in
necessary agricultural enterprise.
D--Necessary skilled industrial la
borer in necessary industrial enter
prise. Class Three
A Man , with , dependent children
(not his own) but toward whom he
stands in relation of parent.
B-.Man with dependent aged or in
firm parents. ;
C Man with dependent helpless
brothers or sisters.
D County or municipal officer.
E Highly trained firemen or police
men, at least three years in service of
municipality.
F Necessary customhouse clerk.
G Necessary employe of I'nited
States in transmission of the mails.
H Necessary artificer or workman
in U. S. armory or arsenal.
I Necessary ttnploye in service of
United States.
J Necessary assistant, associate, or
hired manager of necessary agricul
tural enterprise.
K Necessary highly specialized
technical or mechanical expert of
necessary industrial enterprise.
L Necessary assistant or associate
manager of necessary industrial en
terprise. t
Class Four
A Man whose wife or children are
mainly dependent on his labor for
support.
B Mariner actually employed in sea
service of citizen or merchant in the
United States.
C Necessary sole managing, con
trolling, or directing head of necessary
agricultural enterprise.
D Necessary sole managing, con
trolling, or directing head of neces
sary industrial enterprise.
Class Five
A Officers legislative, executive,
or judicial of the United States or of
state, territory, or District of Colum
bia. B Regular or duly ordained min
ister of religion.
C Student who on May 18. 1917.
was preparing for ministry in recog
nized school.
D Persons in military or naval ser
vice of the United States. .
K Alien enemy.
F Resident alien (not an enemy)
who claims exemption.
G Person totally and permanently
physically or mentally unfit for mili
tary service.
H Person morally unfit to be a
soldier of the United States.
I Licensed pilot actually employed
in the pursuit cf his vocation.
NO REST GIVEN
WICKED. HUN BY
TROOPS OF ALLIES
(Continued f-oro Page On)
and a nearby hill. Along the north
ern edge of the Raisnies forest north
of Valenciennes, the British have ap
proached nearer the canalized por
tions of the Scheldt river. In this re
gion they have captured the villages
of Odomer and Maulde. If the British
can cross the Scheldt in force In thin
region and continue
their progress
south of Valenciennes it would seem
the Germans soon would retire from
that important point and probably re
adjust their lines north and south on
a large scale.
Between the Oise and the Aisne the
French are making rapid strides to-
ward the important points of Mario
and Montcomet. Along the railway
southwest of Marie they have cap -
tured the village of Mortiers
and maintain their pressure else
where along the Serre. Fur -
ther east a big hole hns been torn in
the German defenses begun in 1917.
Between Banogne and Herpy the
French have driven forward toward
Montcomet about two miles on a
fDont of between four and five miles,
A continued advance here menaces
GOAT GETTER FOR
DADDIES OF DOUGLAS
TOMBSTONE DRUGGIST PUTS ONE
OVER ON SMELTER CITY PEO
PLE BY RENTING BILL BOARD
BOOSTING AGAINST REMOVING
COUNTY SEAT
Gleeful giggles from Tombstone;
mur.lt ruus intitlerftigs from Douglas;
j smiles in Itisb-e, lor Hisbee beins
'neutral can afford to smile!
j Bill Boyd's bill board did it.
j Not to know Bill Hoyd'argues ignor-
; ance of the attractions of tee nres-
eiu cour.'y seat lor tie is the tov. ns
leading (and only) druggist, and one!
of ;he livest of Tombstone's live 1
wires. Bill is as deep as he is cheer-1
ful, rnd he is cheerful all the day.
However, in this particular piece of
ingenuity it is believed he summoned
the aid of the Tombstone board ot
strategy and planned long and sec
retly. Bill was in Douglas the other day
and met Jack Ihntn. kin of the
Douglas biil board industry. Bill wore
no lalse whiskers or other camou-
said the Tombstone man. To . this
Jack, who always is ready for busi
ness, responded, "sure," must heartily.
The price was arranged on and the
price was paid and then Boyd sprung
his copy. It was not a patent medi
cine "ad" as Hinton had thought pos
sible. Yesterday there appeared in the
space reserved by the Tombstone man
the lollowing words:
"Vote NO on county seat removal
and save higher taxes."
It was on one of the most prominent
corners on G avonue. where none
coulJ escape seeing it, and it struck
all the Douglasites who favor county
seat removal riht between the eyes,
as it were. So there were angry mut
terings in their ranks, w hile in Tomb
stone, Boyd and the remainder of the
old county seat's booster gang wore
that satisfied smile. They feel that
they have put over a good one.
the German hold on Rethel to which
the enemy has clung tenaciously and
tends to ouu'lank the German line
eastward along the Alsne to Vouzieis.
The Germans continue to fii;ht des
perately to check the advance of the
American troops along the vita' front
east and west of the ileuse. Their
counter attacks at various points on
both sides of the river have been re
pulsed but the enemy continues to
bombard the American line heavily.
On the extreme western end the
Americans have reinforced their hold
on the hills iu the southern portion
of the Bourgogne wood, north of
Grand Pre.
In the last week the allied troops
in France and Belgium have freed
400 square miles of territory from the
grasp of the enemy. Paris estimates
that in the last four days the Germans
have suffered total casualties of 50,001)
including 15.000 prisoners.
In the continuation cf their nttack
between the Piave and the Brenta the
Italians have captured more than 2000
prisoners in the last 24 hours, the Ital
ian war office reports.
There was heavy fighting all day
Friday northwest of Montegrappa but
the Italians maintained their gains ol
Thursday ami extended them some
what. The strongly fortified height
of Montepertica to the northwest wa
carried by the Italians.
ITALIAN FRONT ACTIVE
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26. Violent
fighting continued today on the line
where the Italians with the British
co-operating launched a new offensive
against the Austrians yesterday. A
Rome dispatch to the Italian embassy
says the fourth army has frustrated
attempts of the enemy to reconquer
territory lost yesterday and has en
larged its gains. The message also
said that Italian troops continued to
advance along the lower Mat! in all
Albania and that the Albanian tribes
men are taking up arms against the
Austrians and fighting under Italian
colors.
During the last 21 hours, 47 officers
and 2102 men have been captured. The
shock troops of the Penzaro brigade
are especially responsible for the Ital
ian success in the Grappa region.
MAKE FURTHER PROGRESS
LONDON. let. 26 The British have
made further progress toward the
Scheldt and have captured the village
of Avelghem, southeast of Courtrai.
This announcement is made in a sup
plemental official statement issued by
the war office shortly before mid
night. JAPANESE OFFICIAL
TOKIO, Friday, Oct. 25. (By the As
sociated Press.) Bolshevik detach
ment! which remained in the region
of Blagovestschenck and Pochikalso,
on the Amur river, have been shatter
ed by the Japanese troops and are no
longer considered a menace, the war
j office announced today. The Japanese
troops captured 40 rifles ami 10,000
rounds of ammunition without a casu
alty. GERMAN OFFICIAL
BERLIN, via London. Oct. 26 The
allied forces north of the Scheldt have
i been brought to a standstill, accord-
(ing to the official statement from
j general headquarters today. On the
east bank of the Meuse Saxon troops
j cleared out a nest of Americans w ho
! had remained behind after the last
j fighting there.
.
j CROATION REVOLT ENDS
, BERNE. Oct. 26. Order has been
almost completely restored at Fiume,
where the Croatian soldiers of the
"I'tli regiment revolted, according to
PAY CAS(1H
fj cpY LESS
I- .
THE BEST QUALITY FOR THE LOWEST
POSSIBLE PRICE
Why not try us. It will pay
you. If you cannot call
Phone 29
And we will deliver your order at a small cost.
MONEY BACK if for any reason you are
not satisfied.
o
PURE FOOD GROCER
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-16109
all ULlli iai msi1-11 i"-r"c ur i . 111
r I .1 .......... V. ....... :..... TV...
tnree battalions 01 a tiungarian regi
ment which marched against and oc
cupied the Honved barracks, disarmed
the mutineering Croats.
BRITISH OFFICIAL
LONDON. Oct. 26 British troops
have occupied the villages of Atres
and Famars, south of Valenciennes
and have made progress along the
Scheldt toward the outskirts of that
town. Field Marshal Haig reports to
night. The statement says:
"As a result of a successful opera
tion commenced by us this morning
south of Valenciennes, we captured
the villages of Artres and Famars,
thus securing crossings of the river
Rhonelle at the former place and push
ing forward along the east bank of the
Scheldt toward the southern outskirts
of Valenciennes.
"A counter attack delivered by the
enemy in the neighborhood of Engle
fontaine was repulsed. During the
course of today's operations we took
prisoner about 1000 Germans.
FRENCH OFFICIAL
PARIS, Oct. 26 The Fernch troops
fighting betwen the Oise and the Serre
have made an extended advance east
ward, occupying numerous villages,
according to the war office announce
ment tonight. Twenty-three hundred
prisoners have been captured 'n the
.-pt rations between 3 esone and Cha
teau Porcien.
tbe statement reac1-.
'0 ;r -troops, supported by tanks.
to:'.ay carried out a vigorous thrust
bctwe; n the Oise and the Serre. The
enemy was overthrown and driven
from reveral villages. We captured
j Plaine-Solve, Tarpeville and Chevresis
Ia?h Ujmcs, ana pusnea norm oi
I'laine-Selve. as far as the approaches
of Courjumelles. We took numerous
prisoners.
"Betwe?n Sisson and Chateau Por
cUn.'lhe Germans attempted during
the day to retake from us our gains
of yesterday. The counter attacks
with .heavy effectives, were renewed
several times, especially south of Ran
ogne and Moulin Herply. These broke
up against the resistance of our troops
who everywhere repulsed the enemy
and maintained their positions.
"The number of prisoners taken in
this region since yesterday exceeds
2000. One of our divisions alone cap
tured several hundred machine guns."
"Aviation: On October 25, our air
squadrons gave our troops effective
co-operation, during the tittle engaged
along the front of the fi$h army. Our
pursuit patrols likewise circled over
the field of battle at a height from
one to two hundred meters, assuring
security of the air. Our observation
planes, flying stil lower", machine
gunned enemy troops, convoys and
batteries, supporting the tanks in their
attacks, regulating the fire of our ar
tillery and marking the advance of
the infantry.
"One air crew fearlessly carried out
its work forty meters above the earth,
braving the fire of the German ma
chine guns, which were reported to
cur troops by signals. Another at
an altitude of less than 300 meters
carried out reconnaissance five miles
ins'de the enemy lines and was able
to report large enemy r inforcements
arriving by camions in the region
of St. Fargeau which were immedi
ately taken under our fire.
Eastern theater, October 25. The
allied forces continue their progress in
Siberia, in pursuit of the Austro-Gor-mans
in retreat northward.
"Belgium: There is nothing to t&
port on the front of the French-Belgian
armies.
GERMAN OFFICIAL
BERLIN, via London. Oct. 26 The
official communication from general
j headquarters tonight says:
"The day was quieter in Flanders.
There were partial engagements be
fveen the Scheldt and the Oise. From
the Oise to the Aisne the French
continued iheir attacks. South of the
Oise these were brought to a stand
still after initial gains of terrain. On
the rest of the wide attacking front
thev failed."
Today's statement says:
"There have been tretnenodus and.
thanks to the brilliant courage of our
troops, successful struggles on many
parts of the front. After a violent
fire the enemy launched strong at
tack in the Lys lowlands southwest
of Deynre and between the Lys and
the Scheldt.
"From the north wing of the attack
to the Courtrai-Audenarde railway he
was repulsed. j
"North of the Scheldt the enemy aft
ANGIU
J1
er slight initial gains of territory, was
soon brought to a standstill.
"The new line between Ingoyghem
and Avelghem held against repeated
assaults in the afternoon. On the bat
tle field throughout the day the enemy
artillery directed its fire on places
lying behind the front, which up until
now had been untouched by the war.
They for the most part was destroyed
by his fire and the Belgian population
suffered heavy losses in killed and
wounded.
"Between the Scheldt ano The Oise
the British yesterday conrineti iUera
selves to violent partial attacks. South
of Famars we threw back the enemy
into his positions of departure by an
extensive counter attack. Southwest
of Le Quesnoy and northwest of Lan
drecies attacks broke down.
"Between the Oise and the Aisne
a combined attack was launched by
the French on more than 60 kilome
ters. The main thrust was directed
against our lines between the Oise
and the Serre as well as between Sis
sone and the Aisne. The enemy en
deavored to capture the Serre-Souchez
sector by cutting off this tract of ter
ritory, which is strong owing to the
nature of the terrain. Attacks launch
ed early in the morning between the
Oise and the Serre broke down. In
the afternoon the enemy obtained a
footing in Villers-Le-Sec and on the
heights east of that place; he was re
pulsed on the rest of the front and
suffered heavy losses.
1 "Iu the Serre-Souchez sector the en
emy was only able to reach our lines
near Mortiers. at Froidmont and near
Vesles and Pierrepont. The troops of
Von Luettwitz, by a uniform counter
attack, took their old positions be
tween Vesles and Pierrepotn. On the
rest of the frcnt our fire prevented
the enemy from crossing the sec
tions. "West of the Aisne the enemy's at
tacks were accompanied by strong
squadrons of tanks east of Soissons
and on both sides of Laselve. They
were completely shattered. Twenty
three tanks were shot to pieces west
of Hanoi. ne. The enemy brought in
strong forces between, Snizy-Le-Cotnpte
and he Aisne.
"On the heights west of the Aisne
the enemy penetrated positions for the
possession of which heavy fighting
continued throughout the day. In spite
of strong forces brought into aitim
the enemy did not succeed in obtain
ing further advantage of the breach
at Saxon wood near Herpy.
"Partial attacks took place in the
Aisne lowlands south west of Amagne.
The enemy, who had temporarily ad
vanced to the north bank of the Aisne
near .Arubly was thrown back over the
river by a coSuter attack.
"East of the Aisne artillery duels
revived temporarily. Partial attacks
by the enemy pressed back our posts
to the northern edge of the heights
north of Grand Pre.
"On both sides ot the Meuse fight
ing activity was limited to a disturb
ing fire and minor infantry engagements.-
On the east bank Saxon com
panies cleared cut a nest of Amer
icans who remained behind after the
last fighting there.
'South of the Selle we captured
prisoners in successful raids."
Business Locals
The Olsen Slag Dump garage will
be open for business today. 276
Dr. Dauthitt. veterinary surgeon.
Phone 660. lii Brewery Gulch. 90S
Second hand clothes bought.
739.
Phone
ROCKHILL'S STAGE.
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee v
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. m . 1:30 p. m. 7
Phone Disbee 5. Adv.
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath. 98 Mason
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Rlue 647.
Adv. 231
L. 1 Gi'man sells the New Edison,
"The rhonograph With a Soul."
Painter and Paper Hanging
C J. BRANDT
Box 150
Phone 45S
Richard Glaze, Oph- D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone '156. Office and residence
first house west of Maaonlc Temple,
Main Street. Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest method. -A.
SOCIETY
SECTION i
Edited by '
LEE BROWN
MINING
I SECTION
Edited by 8
- WILLIAM T. OWEN
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 21, NO. 117.
THE BLSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS. AND COPPER
-
J
i
i
INFLUENZA EPIDEMIC EFFECT
WILL BE FELT IN PRODUCTION
OF COPPER IN THIS DISTRICT
Thousands of Workers III From Disease Means Necessary
Slackening of Output Not Only From Mines but in Other
Parts of Arizona; Labor Shortage Which Was Increased by
Taking of Men for Government Work Elsewhere Will Have
Draft Pyramided on Top of
Factor
While nothing authoraitative has been given out on the subject, there
can be no doubt that practically every property in the Warren district will
reflect in its October production the ill effects of the Spanish influenza,
which, far the last three weeks has raged with increasing intensity. The
shortage cannot be estimated off-hand, but it is certain to be noticeable.
So prevalent have been the ravages of influenza that many men have
been compelled to stay away from work several days at a time on account
of it. In many instances this was because they themselves were ill. At
other times it was because their famiies were sick and needed tbir at
tntion. The dearth of experienced nurses which made itself felt in the epi
demic has become more acute latterly.
Even where men were working regularly, in not a few instances, mild
forms of the epidemic designated by them as "bad colds" decreased efficieney
to a marked extent.
Add to this the effect of the withdrawal of many men for government
work elsewhere, has a depressing effect upon ore production.
This situation is not local by any means, every mining camp- in Ari
zona probably will be found to be affected similarly. From Globe-Miami,
Jerome and other mining centers, bad news connected with the influenza
epidemic, with its necessary oss in efficiency, have been reaching Bisbee.
Th September production of Arizona mines reached a trifle over seventy
eight and a half-million pounds, showing a decrease of almost three mil
lion pounds from the previous month of August. But one large producer in the
state, the Calumet & Arizona company showed material gain, making almost
half a million pounds more metal in September than in August. United
Verde Extentlon was another which Bhowed no Iobb, due, probably, to the
fact that its new smelter was only beginning to reach the stage of efficient
production. , . - -
The clhnax in the present labor sithation is seen in . the fact that the
calling of class one men in the new draft Is expecte to be started early
next month.
Promises of some degree of alleviation is seen in the published report
that there has been reached practical agreement btween the managers of
the principal southern Arizona mines and the southern exemption board
under which it has been settled that every man who works in or around a
mine is engaged in a war and essential industry. It is understood, however,
that the men are not to have exemption in bulk, but that a separate exemp
tion claim must be presented for each. There is a different considration of
emeltermen, who, save of the expert class, are likely to be left to the ordi
nary operations cf the draft.
Due to stocks of ore ahead in the bedding plants and bins at the begin
ning of September, the full loss caused by decreased labor was not shown in
the September results. They were carried forward into the present month.
Some relief in labor has ben coming about through the voluntary return
of some of the workmen who registered for distant jobs and did not find
conditions as agreeable as those in the mining districts. However, it is not
likely that the October output will be as large as September, inasmuch
as losses sustained in the latter month and the breaking in of new help can
not be wholly overcome in so short a time without regard to other deterrents.
CONDITIONS ARE
BETTERED MUCH
AROUND LAKES
Labor Situation Improving
and Ore Output Likely to
Show Gain Until Next
Spring at Least
CALUMET. Mich., Oct. 26. Ton
nages, the barometor of the Lake la
bor problem, indicate during the past
week that the outflow of workmen has
temporarily ceased and from now on,
until spring at least, increased out
puts are looked for "-by the big pro
ducers. The closing of the smaller
properties in Ontonagon county, the
shut down at New Arcadian and New
Baltic and the cessation of operations
at other development mines are con
tributing toward the forces of the big
"ger companies while the higher wages
that went into effect have tended to
bring a considerable number of skill
ed men back to the district.
An illustration of the inroads made
into the mining companies' forces
during the past six months is the
statement that on Detroit plant alone
is employing 2000 copper country
men.
Mass has curtailed operations, due
to the labor shortage and now is ope
rating only one shift.
Franklin is shipping about 70 tons
of rock a day from No. 2 shaft, practi
cally all of Its rock being hoisted from
No. 1. There is no material change
in the physical condition of the mine
but it is expected that a mill test on
rock from No. 2 will reveal some ex
ceptional values.
Michigan is again sending rock to
(Continued on Pae Two)
It As Production Deterrent
GOLD CONSERVATION
DICTATES PLAN OF
DEMANDING LIGENSE
IN ORDER TO CONSERVE IT FOR
USE IN COINAGE MANUFACTUR
ING JEWELERS MUST FIRST OB
TAIN LICENSES
OATMAN, Ariz., Oct. 26. Dr.
Charles A. L. Gehrmann, president
of the Record Lode Mining company,
write from Washington, D. C, that
he is In the nation's capital doing
what he can to help the gold interests
which seek government relief. He
expresses the belief that the greater
l aemanas tor guiu aunug me coming
I year will hasten federal aid. but
' doubts if anything substantial will be
! done Immediately. The first step of
, any importance was taken when gold
: was put under a license. The follow
i Ing was taken from the Washing
ton Post:
" To conserve gold for essential
monetary purposes, the government
yesterday forbade issuance of gold
bullion from the mints at Philadel
phia, Denver and San Francisco and
from the New York assay office with
out license from the war industries
board or the secretary of the treaes
ury. "Raymond T. Baker's instructions
will virtually shut down on the use
of gold except for purposes covered
by regulations now being drafted.
Manufacture of jewelry and use of
gold for other arts and crafts pur
poses will be curtailed to increase the
supply of war-time credit.
"Manufacturers desiring to obtain
gold for use within the United States
or its possession may apply for li
cense to the war industries board.
Applications for gold to be export
ed must go to the federal reserve
board and in other special caseB
Secretary McArtoo will exercise juris
diction."
BRITISH GIVE GOOD CARE TO THEIR WOUNDED FIGHTERS
E'!r- t'miKlk JV'-
v"r Ti? a -
Brit, h sold.er being taken -nto afl-
vence dressing station and wound-
ed British and German soldiers
lances
Great Britain mates' every ef
fort, as do the other allies, to cive
its wounded soldiers prompt atten- !
tion on ti:e batileneld. Dressing t
stations are established just be-
hind the zor.e of fire, sometimes in j
ruined buildings, and first aid r.t- j
tention is ' given ths wounded, i
COPPER CHIEF NOW
CLOSED FOR PERIOD
OF THEGREAT WAR
BECAUSE OF HIGH COSTS AND
DIFFICULTY OF SECURING MA
TERIAL, HAYDEN DEVELOP
MENT COMPANY DECIDES TO
SUSPEND OPERATIONS
JEROME, Ariz., Oct. 25. Because
of high costs and the difficulty of
securing material, the Hayden Devel
opment company, the is planning to
suspend operations at the Copper
Chief mine for the period of the war.
The mill is still operating and prob
ably the ore that is broken dotfn will
not be cleaned up till the end of this
month. Then the plant will be put in
shape for a period of inactivity.
Most of tho miners have already
been laid off and at present only
about 25 men are working at the Cop
per Chief.
'Costs have mounted to such a
height that we simply cannot operate
a gold mine at a profit." explained
Superintendent J. T. Ma'son this
morning. "Therefore the Hayden
company has decided not to attempt
to do anything till after the yar The
mine itself, though, is better than it
ever was. Recent operations have
disclosed some unusually rich ore in
the upper luvels. For a long time we
have been treating only the best ore
as we would have lost money by hand
ling the low grade material."
One of the auer-ine-war possibil
ities is a new mill. Recently the Hay
den company installed a one-ton ex
perimental mill using a combination
acid and cyanide process. That plant
has been running about two months
now and the experiment has been a
great success. When the Hayden
company resumes it may bo with a
big mill using this process. The old
mill Is a cyanide plant of 100 tons
daily capacity.
ARIZONA COMMERCIAL DIVIDEND
The Arizona Commercial company
has declared a quarterly dividend of
50 cents a share payable October 31
to holders of record October 1. This
is the same rate paid since April. 1IU7.
Jerome: A report of an Important
strike in the Gadsden is declared by
the management a mistaken rumor.
Cross-cutting from the 12oO station is
being pushed at the rate nf 12 feet a
day.
I -
-
TA 2
.kf4v i . ?eZ f y
v . '?.' , V. f.f X '.AT---- f '$
- 4 , f ' . KX ' A A
:sii?'v;ii
The upper picture shovs' a woumi-
ed British soldier beinf? carried
into a dressing station. The lower
photo shows a proup of British
and German prisoners waiting to
Le taken to a field dressine sta-
IP
M
mm
TUNNEL WILL BE
USE ii MARCH
Twelve Thousand Foot Work
ing Now Being Pushed for
All It Is Worth and With
Good Progress Recorded
JEROME. Ariz., Oct. 25. It is not
improbable that the 12,0i0 foot United
Verde Extension tunnel will be in use
by next March. Latterly good pro
gress has been had on the four head
ings and less than 400 feet of driving
ia to be done between the main head
ing, from the surface, and the east
heading from the Texas shaft.
The west Texas leading has passed
the Dundee and is progressing in bet
ter ground and without any especial
increase in the quantity of water en
countered, thout-'h there is no assur
ance that another water f"am may
not be encountered, snch as that
which drained the Dundee. This
would be of little Importance, how
ever, after the portal heading is
broken through, giving gravity drain
ape, instead of pumping throng the
Texas.
Fiy spring the smelter at Verde will
have capacity for over 1000 tons a
day, and great holdings of sulphide,
running from 10 to 15 per cent cop
per, are ready in the mine for the
cheap transportation that the tunnel
will afford. The Verde blast furnace
is turning out more than 4.000,000
pounds of copped a month.
Dundee has resumed sinking, with
a drv shaft, and now is down to about
000 fret, on the way to the 9(10 mark,
from which a connecting drift is to
lie run to the Extension tunnel.
Douclr.-i: Ore and concentrates im
ported last month from Sonora
through Douglas aggregated a Mex
ican gold value of J2.236,(hh). Most of
the value was in concentrates from
the .tiortnzuma mill at N'acezari. The
Kstre'.la shipped 41 carloads and the
, Tigre 11 carloads.
Pearce: Three miles east cf I'earee.
the Central Butte company has drift
ed on the 175 level into ore sampling
$ a ton.
nnr cvto
in
VL LA! LI
i
t
4'
tion in ambulances. A temporary
shelter has been erected over them
to protect them fro mthe wind and
rain. German wounded are given
the same treatment as the allies
victims.
ALLIED LEADERS HAVE
SUPREME DISDAIN OF
SHELL-FIRE'S TERROR
KING ALBERT AND PREMIER
CLE MENCEAU CONVERSE
WHILE SHELLS BURST ALL
i AROUND THEM, EXCITING SOL
DIERS' ADMIRATION
LONDON. Oct. 26. (Correspond
ence of the Associated Press.) King
Albert of P.el'ium and Premier Clem
enceau of France were apparently so
indifferent to shi 11 fire to which they
were exposed while the premier was
visiting the Beliguiu front recently as
to arouse the admiration of the Bel
gian soldiers.
One of them describes the incident
thus:
"The scene is laid among the ruins
of a part of the Belgian front daily
shattered by shells, bombs, or aerial
torpedoes. In the street parallel to
the church a little group of persons
are walking. A tall khaki figure
seems to be guiding a civilian and
some French officers. It Is a Belgian
general wandering leisurely up and
down answering questions and giving
explanations to his guests. From our
dupoiit we soldiers watch with curi
osity. '"Suddenly a whistle, an explosion
and a burst of smoke but thirty yards
from the visitors. Not one of them
took any notice. Another. It falls
quite rear. The Belgian general, the
civilian and their suite have not
turned their heads, merely continue
their walk as slowly as before. While
the lire continues, the visitors are
gettiiiit nearer our dugout and we
stand at attention. .
"The Belgian general is King Al
bert, the civilian M. Clemenceau.
FOOD PRICES SOAR.
STOCKHOLM. Oct. 26 Restaurant
prices have reached such proportions
tin.', only very wealthy people can af
forJ to eat in the restaurants of the
better class, and even in tecond and
third-class places it is difficult to eat
propei ly at a price within the reach
nt the person of nv:dcr" means. The
iM.theriries have hegnn an iuvestiga
ir. and "'ay r-'gulate thrm.
The tiagens Nyheter publishes a list
I of the profits of 21 restaurants for
j 191 1 and for last year showing in
i creases running from :'S to 200 per
J cent
1
Epidemic Adjusts Itself
By Decreasing Both Output
And Consumption of Metal
INFLUNEZA RAVAGES HAVE BEEN MORE THAN OFFSET BY THE CUT
IN THE USE OF COPPER IS BELIEF OF BOSTON FINANCIAL NEWS:
SAYS COPPER CONFERENCE DUE TO HAVE BEEN HELD FRIDAY
WAS THE CHIEF CONSIDERATION OF PRODUCERS IN COUNTRY
AT THIS TIME AS IT MAY BRING HIGHGER PRICE IN NEAR FUTURE
AND WILL AFFECT NEW PRICES TO BE FIXED EARLY NEXT MONTH
The f pidemic of influenza which is raging throughout the country has an
appreciable effect upon copper production but at the same time this has been
offset by the cut in consumption occasioned by the same conditions. The
effect of the epidemic has been felt in the manufacturing industry on the
same scale and reports from the plants show that the slackening tendency
has been about equal with that in producing lines. There is no shortage of
copper locked for as the result of the epidemic but this branch of the war
program will suffer a setback, says the Boston Financial News.
The chief consideration In the copper industry is the conference with the
War Industries Board which has been set for Oct. 25. The purpose of this
gathering is to permit the producers to submit data upon which the price of
copper after Nov. 1 will be fixed.
Though costs of production continue to mount, there is less agitation
than heretofore for an advance in the fixed price. Some of the high cost
producers adhere to the stand that they are entitled to a higher figure an1
that the additional profits accruing to the low cost producers would be offset
by the excess profits tax. The agitation for two prices has to all appearances
been abandoned.
The labor situation continues decidedly unsatisfactory. This condition,
together with the influenza epidemic has caused the producers to look for
little if any gain ia October over the production in September.
There is but a moderate inquiry for metal at present. It is believed that
consumers are holding off pending the decision of the War Industries board on
the fixed price. As soon as the decision of the War Industries board is an
ncunced. it is expected that buying will show a marked increase. In the
meantime. All efforts are being made to maintain production at a high rate.
TILLIE STARBUCK IN
PRODUCING CLASS IS
WORD FROM JEROME
PROPERTY PROVES UP TO HOPES
AND EXPECTATIONS OF ITS
MANAGER-PROMOTER AND IS
EXPECTED SOON TO COM
MENCE PAYING DIVIDENDS
JEROME. Ariz., Oct. 25. After a
stay of several days in the district,
Major A. J. Pickrell. who was manag
ing director cf the United States Ex
tension at the time the big strike was
made, left today for Prescott. He ex
pressed himself as highly gratified
with everything that he observed at
both mine and smelter.
Major Pickrell's home is now on
the coast but he is devoting much
of his time to the Tillie Stnrbuck
property, three miles south of Sen
ator, which he hopes soon to bring
to the dividend paying stage.
The Tillie Starbuck company was
incorporated with 125.000 shares,
par value $1. Major Pickrell and
his friends subscribed for 50.000
shares at par. With $15,000 of that
money over a mile of road has been
built, patent suiveys have been made
and patent secured, and the main tun
nel has been driven In 1000 feet.
The company has $35,000 in the
treasury and the gold-silver ore block
ed out is worth more than the entire
capitalization.
At the present time the face of the
tunnel is only 40 feet from the point
where it is expected to cut the second
great outcrop. There are ore body
may be much larger and richer. That
so far opened averages between $30
and $40 a ton.
Production will be commenced at
an early date, according to Major
Pickrell. and he feels sure that soon
after production begins the Tillie
Starbuck will lie on a steady dividend
paying basis.
EXCELLENT PROFIT
WOLVERINE COMPANY
CONTINUES TO MAKE
Wolverine & Arizona company re
ports continued profits on a compara
tively small amount of ore shipped to
the smelter.
Shipments of ore, at the rate ot
10O0 tons a month are made, coming
from the Broken Premise claim, at a
point between the second and third
levels.
This property comprising in all but
60 aeres. was organized at the time
of the Bisbee boom. I'nlike some oth
ers which fell by the wayside. Wol
verine & Arizona has maintained its
corporate existence and has paid divi
dends at irregular intervals. The com
pany now has approximately $140.HOO
in the treasury.
ANACONDA
BUYS
INSPIRATION
Investment of Great Company
in Stocks Gives It Substan
tial Recommendation; Is
Strong Financially
The best recommendation which can
be given the stock of the Inspiration
Consolidated is the investment which
the Anaconda has made in the com
pany. To the close of last year the big
company had bought a total of 25O.0o
shares and it is understood that addi
tional purchases have been made dur
ing the current year. That such pur
chases have been made purely for the
stability ot the issue as an investment
is shown by the denial of the Anacon
da oificials recently that thee was no
possibility of a consolidation taking
place. Furthermore there would be no
advantage in putting the two proper
ties together as they are in no way
co-related on the operating end.
Despite the high price which has
prevailed for copper the management
of the Inspiration has not pursued the
policy ot taking out the richest ores to
take advantage of the high price but
are so regulating the ores that go to
the smelter that the yield pe: ton
shall not be above 20 pounds. This
policy will not only prolong the life of
the mine but will also give an even
ness to the operations so that the pro
duction will come along at regulate
rate. It will also tend to regulate the
cost of production at an even figure
from year to year, and thus Inspira
tion should remain one of the lowest
cost producers in the country. The
discovery which the New Cornelia
Copper company has made in the
treatment of its oxide ores opens the
way for the Inspiration to treat its
oxide deposits and removes what had
been heretofore an uncertainty.
Like all the other copper compan
ies. Inspiration is having difficulty in
securing sufficient lalior but with the
passing of the war this adversity will
also pass. The production is now run
ning at about l.OOO.OoO pounds per
month under capacity but in spite of
this it is safe to say that the $S divi
dend paid this year will be substan-
tially earned. Last year with the pro
duction in the second six months al
most nil the earnings per share were
S9.3S.
The largest surplus of over $12,000,
000 after dividends in 1918. however,
warranted the maintenance ot the $2
quarterly rate. With the .output now
running between 9.000.000 and 10.000.
000 pounds per month the current
year should show a surplus for the
stock equal to at least $12 per share,
or $1 more than paid to stockholders.
And with the previous surplus equal
to $12 per share the current year
close with an accumulation after divi
dends of about $16 per share. On an
$H dividend basis and m market price
of 55 the yield on the investment is
15 per cent.
COMPANY SHARES TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1918.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
NEW YORK, Oct. 26 Starting in
tentative fashion, today's stock mar
ket gradually broadened and advanced
in various directions, closing strong
with a number of substantial gains.
Oils soon asserted their supremacy,
Mexican Fetroleum leading at a gain
of almost 13 points. Royal Dutch ris
ing 14 and Texas Company 3.
Advances in motors and subsidiaries
ranged from 2 to 5 points and ship
pings and metals were higher by 1
to 3 points, while south Porto Rico
sugar was prominent among Cue in
active specialties at a gain of 15.
Rails helped sustain the buoyant
movement of the last half hour.
Southern Pacific showing evidence of
further substantial absorption on iu
jump of 3Vi points. Union Pacific,
St. Paul preferred and Reading em
braced the other strong transporta
tions. United States Steel made a belated
advance of l1 points in anticipation
of next week's publication of the
third quarterly report and independ
ent steels, including the munitions
group, made similar gains. Utilities
were neglected except for the strength
of People's Gas and Ohio Gas, but
tobaccos and fertilers shared ma
terially in the movement. Sale3,
$350,000 shares.
Bonds, including internationals,
were irregular, except for lirnit..33 in
liberty 3s. Total sales, per value,
aggregated $3,775,000.
Oid Unted States bends were un
changed on call during the week.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26. The -cotton
market today closed steady at a net
advance of 63 to 77 points.
CLEARING HOUSE CONDITION
NEW YORK, Oct. 26. The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for the week saows
that they, hold $133,777,710 reserve in
excess of legal reqmreiceuts. lh.3
is an increase of $104.13 1,530 from
last week.
PORK PRICE JUMP'S.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20. A minimum of!
prices of hogs for No ember " ha3
been fixed at $17.50 as to dauy
average lor packers" Graves. A mini
mum of $16.50 has Uet-ti Used lor ail
other hos except throw-out3, which
consist of hogs under 12-j pounds,
slags, boars, sows and skips.
As packing house i.riiacis have
been selling on a ba3is of $165.0 for
hogs, the announcement today of tse
new basis for November resulted in
a b jump of prices lor pork, uri
and ribs.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. 2G Reports that
Turkey had made an oifer which vir
tually amounted t3 surrender brought
about a decided setback today in the
value of corn. The market clot4
heavy, 1V to 2'c net lov.-ei , witri
November 125 to 125S and Ltecem
b;r 1204 to 120. Oals finished lVs
to 1 down. The outcome in pro
visions was an advance ranging from
50 cents to $1.50.
Corn closed at nearly the lowest
figures of the day regardless of an
nouncement that minimum hog prices
for November would be advanced,
and of the likelihood that, therefore,
demand for corn to feed bogs would
be much enlarged. The posting of
the new hog prices came after the
corn market had succumbed to the
bearish influence of the news regard
ing Turkey.
Oats weakened with corn.
Provisions went soaring on account
of a big lift given to minimum hog
prices November. The greatest re
sulting advance in provisions was $3
on the January delivery of pork.
Topmost . quotations of the day,
though, were not maintained.
Amn. Car 45'A
Beth. B 72
Baldwin 95
C. & 0 69
Crucible 57
Distillers ' 49
Erie 17
Gen. Motors 133
Marine 29
Mex. Petroleum 175
Reading 91
Studebaker 66
U. S. Steel 110
Southern Pacific 103
Union Pacific 133
St. Paul 49
BOSTON.
C. & A 70
Inspiration 54
Chino 42
Utah Copper 89.
Chile 21
Shattuck 15
Butte Sup 26
Ray Cons 24
OATMAN.
(By Collins 4. Bretnerton.)
Argo 03
Adams 02 .03
Arizona Rex -15
Ariz-Tom R 02 .05
i ig Jim Con 05 .07
Boundary Cone .02
Gold Ore 05 .06
Gold Road Bon .02
Gold Cliff -15
Lucky Boy .02
Sunnysidfe 03 .04
Teliuride 02 .12
Tom Reed 1.55 1.56
United Eastern 4.25 4.28
Red Lion .15
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 3.00 3.12
Green Monster 44 .50
Butte London 15 .17
Dundee 75 1.00
Yeature Hill 02 .04
Pitts-Jerome 34 .40
Jtrcme Verde 50 .62
Ark-Arizrna 08 .11
"rrrr.i3 Portland .17
H--N3 dle3 06 .12
Kil Ccpper 47 .50
y.Tzma' Chief 12 .25
Wo:v-Ar;zor.a 1.85 1.95
Verda Combination 50 .75
Miami Conso iJat3d 02 .05
Great Riy .30
Nocozari Ccnsol'dateJ ... .40
Con Cor. JIIne3 5.50 5.75
Porrhyry 37 .50
Cal. & Jeronio 56 .62
Feather River .12
CONDITIONS ARE
MUCH BETTER
AROUND LAKES
: the tonnage shortly will touch the
high mark at 101 cars a day made in
' March. This' is one of the few com
panies that is anywhere full handed
and will be the first to report the
old record shipments.
Isle Royale is drifting on the west
lodge In No. 1 shaft while the largest
amount of its rock in No. 2 is coming
from the same formation. South from
No. 7 shaft, five drifts are being ex
tended and the ground is becoming
more regular. No. 6 shows improve
ment in the lower levels while the
best ground on the property is in No.
4 shaft, north and south.
Mass and Victoria have increased
tjheir scale of wages and are paying
about the same as the Calumet Hec
la's subsidaries.
PUMPING PLANT, WELLS
ADD EFFICIENCY TO
THE BIG RAY PLANT
GENERAL OFFICES BEING DOU
BLED IN SIZE; GENERAL MIN
ING NEWS OF SECTION TRIBU
TARY TO PHOENIX; OPERA
TIONS TO THE EAST
PHOENIX, Ariz., Oct. 26. A new
compressor pumping plant, with ten
deep wells in the Gila bottom, is being
installed to give a better water sup
ply to the big Ray concentrator at
Hayden. The Ray general offices at
Ray are being doubled in size and pro
vided with an entertainment hall for
the men.
The 20 stamp Alvaroado mill, near
Congress Junction, is being disman
tled and sold.
Owing to- the difficulty encoun
tered in getting necessary equipment,
wprk has been suspended on the as
bestos property in the Sierra Ancha
mountains, owned by the American
Ores and Asbestos company.
About ten feet of 4 per cent copper
sulphide has been cut in workings of
the Red, Mountain mine, in the Mc
Dowell mountains, 40 miles northeast
of Phoenix.
Operate East of Phoenix
A number of Tempe and Chandler
men are developing the South Verde
property 40 miles east of Phoenix. A
tunnel, now 350 feet long, is being
driven to cut the main ledge at a fur
ther depth of 100 or more feet. No
vein of very good copper ore that was
cut unexpectedly.
(Continued from Page One)
Closing quotations October 26, 1918
(l J. Overlook, Broker.)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda .... 71
Amn. Smelters 90V
the Winona mill, shipping about four
cars daily and about 30 tons of mass
will be forwarded during the next four
n'nol'o mnintnfninff Ita t-o f n rr( nt the
. .. , a . -
past three months. Michigan's profits
are sufficient to keep the property
operating and when the labor situa
tion loosens up, it can give attention
to development work which had to be
suspended this year.
Copper Range shipments average
92.000 tons a month with $26,000 tons
coming from Baltis, 19,000 from Tri
mountain and the remainder from
Champion. Hancock has increased its
underground forces slightly with the
result that its daily shipments are
showing the increase.-' Approximately
200 tons are coming from the two
eastern lodes daily.
Mohawk's underground battery lo
comotives are working at capacity
and increased tonnages are al
ready resulting from mechani
cal haulage as was expected,
despite the shortage of tammers.
Sinking is being carried on in N 4
and 6, the latter being bottomed ' at
the 17th level and the former at the
25th.
Ahmeek's repairs in No. 3 shaft.
which has been producing but little :
J rock since the fire are gradually
inearing completion and it is felt that
DUNDEE-ARIZONA TO
DOUBLE NUMBER OF
ITS WORKING FORCE
SINKING IN MAIN SHAFT NOW
HAS BROUGHT IT TO 573 FEET
WITH FORMATION REGARDED
AS DISTINCTLY FAVORABLE TO
ENCOUNTERING OF COPPER
SABOTAGE
BES
M DRUM WITH A
J'
$r "T"J HI-LI lILIIlWBMWSMl!Mj
In all probability a second shift
will be put to work in the Dundee
Arizona shaft tomorrow. Consulting
Engineer W. E. Defty arrived last
night from Phoenix and is making a
general survey of the property for
the purpose of mapping out a future
course of action, says the Jerome Min
ing News.
Since development was resumed at
the Dundee the shaft has been put
down 23 feet, giving it a total depth
of 573 feet. It is bottomed in red
quartz-prophyry, which is regarded
as an extremely favorable indication
lor copper.
No water has been encountered
and Engineer Defty feels confident
that there will be no trouble with
water until the U. V. Extension haul
age tunnel level is reached. That tun
nel is passing along the soutn side
of the Dundee property at a depth of
960 feet below the shaft collar.
Should the Extension company haev
move trouble at the Texas shaft and
be forced to suspend pumping there,
the Dundee shaft might be flooded
again. As the east Texas shaft head
ing of the tunnel is only 420 feet
from breaking through to the portal
heading, Defty has about decided to
put a second shift to work and pro
secute development vigorously.
The clown quince says that he has
no desire to annihilate the allied
armies. We get him perfectly. Hut
he ssems to want to get them all out
of breath. Wichita Beacon.
Stiff Joints
Sore IYIuscIgs
UMBER UP QUICKLY UNDER THE SOOTHING,
PENETRATING APPLICATION OF
HAMUNS WIZARD GIL
Sold Everywhere, in Bottles Only
Ailments of this nature can be
effectively treated with Hamlins
Wizard Oil. In cases of rheuma
tism and lame back it penetrates
quickly, drives out the soreness,
and limbers up stiff, aching joints
and muscles.
Wizard Oil is a good, dependable
preparation to keep in the medi
cine chest for first aid when the
doctor may be far away. It is an
absolutely reliable, antiseptic appli
cation for cuts, burns, bites, and
sting. Sprains and bruises heal
readily under its soothing, pene
trating qualities.
Get a bottle from your druggist
for 25c and use the medicine. If
not entirely satisfied take the bot
tle back to him and be will return
your money.
If you are troubled with consti
pation or si'-k headache trv ll.int
litvs Wizard Liver Whips lu-.t
pleasant little pink pills at drug
gists for 25c. Guaranteed.
iS
T WEAPON
OFjOLSil
Remarkable Story of Employ
ment of Destructcive Rule
Told in Delayed Story by
Correspondent
Kilirora- The following is one
of the news stories mailed by our
correspondence in Russia Dciore
thpv w're eomnelled to leave the
country and one of the few which
Lave bsen permitted to reacn us
destination. It was more than two
months in transit.
The Associated Press.
MOSCOW, July 26. (Correspond
ence of the Associated Press.) Sabo
tage is the favorite weapon of the
Russian. He uses it more effectively
than the rifle and understands it bet
ter. It was sabotage which overthrew
Emperor Nicholas. The Kerensky
pro isional government succumbed to
sabotage. In neither case was there
an extensive military character to the
movement which gave Russia a new
government.
And now the weapon which the Bol
sheviki and their supporters of the
extreme left used on previous gov
ernments has been turned against
them. In the food situation, on the
railways, in various government ub
reaus, in public service organization
of all sorts, among bankers, business
and professional men. and even among
peasants the government encounters
hindrance and obstruction of a type
which cannot be punished and
stamped out.
Commissioner Tsurupa. who is In
charge of the national food supply, re
cently stated in a speech that 1.500
persons in his department alone had
retained positions for months and pre
tended to work, when they were in
reality doing all they could to hinder
the food administration.
Trotsky, Lenine and other Bolshe
viki speakers and agitators have made
the most -of the sabotage directed
against them By loudly proclaiming in
all sections of Russia that the disor
der they inherited from the Kerensky
reeime and the opposition directed
against them by enemies within the
government, as well as outside, has
prevented the soviet republic from
bettering the food situation and get
ting commerce and industry back in
to norma) channels.
This view was accepted by the
laboring masses very generally for
seme time, but after eight months of
the nolsheviki republic it is apparent
that the laboring men are no longer
willing to accept abuse of ' various
anti-BoIsheviki factions as a complete
excuse for the deplorable lack of
food.
The loss of the Ukraine grain sup
ply and the cutting off of the Siberian
wheat stores by the Czecho-Slovaks
stand forth so plainly that the dullest
workman reads the handwriting or.
the wall. Without grain fields he un
erstands there cannot be grain. And
the promises of bread through grain
crusades made by armed forces do
not impress him when he realizes that
the portion of Russia remaining with
in the jurisdiction of the soviet re
public does not contain enough grain
to feed the republic's population, even
if every bushel were under govern
ment control and carefully distributed.
UNANIMOUS VERDICT OF THE PEOPLE, BY THE PEOPLE, AND FOR
THE PEOPLE!
mm wrJm
i'M '"ll t 'S tJWii-V ;l K-il
place shall allow any bread to be
brought to the table until after the
first course is served.
General Order 4. No public eating
place shall serve or permit to be
served to one patron at any one meal
more than one kind of meat. For the
purpose of this order meat shall be
considered as including beef, mutton,
pork, poultry and any by-products
thereof.
General Order 5. No public eating
place shall serve or permit to be
served any bacon as a garniture.
General Order 6. No public eating
placi shall serve or permit to be
served to any one person at any one
meal more than one-half ouuee of but
ter. General Older 7. No public eating
place shall serve or permit to be
served to any one person at any one
meal more than one-half ounce of
Cheddar, commonly called American
cheese.
General Order 8. No public eating
place shall use or permit the use of
the sugar bowl on the table or lunch
counter. Nor shall any public eating
place serve sugar or permit it to be
! served unless the guest so requests
: and in no event shall the amount
served to any one person at any onS
j meal exceed one teaspoonful or- its
, equivalent.
j General Order 9. No public eating
) place shall use or permit the use of
i an amount of sugar in excess of two
I pounds for every 90 meals served, in
! eluding all uses of sugar on the table
I and in cooking, excepting such sugar
' as may be allotted by the federal food
j administrators to hotels holding a
I bakery license. No sugar allotted for
j this special baking purpose shall be
! used for any other purpose.
General Order 10. No public eating
! place shall burn any food or permit
! any food to be burned and all waste
! shall be saved to feed animals or re
duced to obtain fats.
I General Order 11. No public eating
j place shall display or permit to be dis
i played food on its premises in any
such manner as may cause its deteri
i oration so that it cannot be used for
j human consumption,
i General Order 12. No public eating
j place shall serve or permit to be
; served what is known as double cream
or cream de luxe; and in any event,
no cream containing over 20 per cent
butter fat shall be served.
NZnVQUS ENERGY
life's momentum, depends upon
a well-nourished body. Waen
strength is depleted and the body
lacking in essential nourishment,
tiie nerves are the Ant to surfer
. SCOTTS
simon-pure in substance, rich in
tonic qualities, nourishes the
whole body and strengthens and
ieadies the nerve. Wherever
the sun shines, SdGtt'M is th
recognized Ktanioid tonic-food
and conserver of strength.
6coU & Bowae. BlccadcU. K J. 2t-17
NEW FOOD PROGRAM
BECAME EFFECTIVE
MONDAY IN STATE
RULES LAID DOWN FuR HOTELS,
RESTAURANTS AND BOARDING
HOUSES MUST BE ADHERED TO
STRICTLY ANNOUNCES FOOD
ADMINISTRATOR
FLAGoTAFF, Ariz.. Oct. 23 That
there will bo no relaxation among the
hotels, rcstauranto and boarding
houses of Arizona in the prosecution
of the war program, in order that the
Huns will lit; forced to lay down their
arms in unconditional ' surrender is
indicated by the announcement of the
federal (ocd administration fur Ari
zona outlining tho new conservation
program, which went into effect with
all public eating places Monday, Oc
tober 21.
This new'program takes the form of
"gone-ral orders" which have been is
sued by the fi:od administration at
Washington. Failure to conform to
any of the'i:i w ill be regarded as waste-!
ful practice forbidden by section 4 of
the federal food control act of August j
10, 117. Here are tho orders:
General Order 1. No public eating
place chall serve or permit to ho
served any bread or other bakery pro-'
duet which docs not contain at least,
20 prr cent of wheat flour substitutes,!
nor Khali it serve or permit to be i
solved more I ban tv.o ounces of this
bread, krow-n as Victory bread, or if,
no Victory bread is served, men- than
tuur ounces of oth-T breads (such as
corn bread, mutt ins. I'oston brown
bread, etc. . Sandwiches, and bread,
served at hoarding camps, however,
are excepted.
General Order 2 No public eating
place shall serve or permit to bo
served broad or toast as garnitures or i
untlor mat
General OidT S. Nu public eating'
r
B
Buy Your
usiness Stationery
In Bulk
Why pay extra money for fancy
boxes and wrappings? Get it with
out the frills, cut to any size you
wish, made Up into packages, pads
or tablets to suit your needs. y
We have a very good grade of
TYPEWRITER PAPER which
we are selling at $1.65 per ream
(82xll inches)
Also a good assortment of
. Envelopes all sizes
Ruled Index Cards
Mailing Tubes assorted
Carbon Paper
Blotting Paper, Etc.
Review Job Printing
Phone 39
Department
Upstairs
J THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1918.
r
r
V H 0 II 11
1.1'l.li.H. IKUil
ENLARGED iN
ITS iMPORTANCE
Demands on Small Force With
Americans in Russia Causes
Hasty Makeshifts to Be
Adopted
cf four years. The majority of them heart. Immediately adjoining was a
were of elaborate rustic construction
aod usually had shell proof shelters capable of holiiing fit) men
connected with them. Furniture and
decorations taken froiir the French
inhabitants of neighboring villages
formed the principal interior equipment.
One of the most unique of these of-
shell proof dugout, 4l feet deep and
Next to
this was a shoemaker's hut where a
number of women's shoes and slippers
were found, indicating that the Ger
mans had women in their trenches.
Higher up in the woods was a vege
table farm, and overlooking all is an
VLADIVOSTOK, Sept. 10 (Corre
spondence of The Associated Press.)
Demands upon the Young Men's
Christian association secretaries who
are sccompanying the entente nations
in their expedition against the Bol
sheviki in Siberia have been so great
that they have been compelled to en
list In Y. U. C. A. service the con
valescing Czechs and to utilize the
volunteer service of several of the
Stevens' railway corps from the Uni
ted States. Virtually all the Y. ' M.
C. A. secretaries have been working
IS hours a day.
Instead of an easy march through
out the country, the allied expedition
developed into a fight mile by mile.
First aid supplies were more press
ing needs than were phonographs,
pames and athletic equipment. The
demands upon the Y. M. C. A. canteen
service were so great that supplies
which ordinarily would have lasted a
month were exhausted in a week.
Cars have been sent with each con
tingent of troops to the furthest pos
sible limit and from them have been
distributed free in times of stress, hot
tea, coffee, cigarettes, tobacco, choco
late, biscuits, sausage, and other use
ful supplies.
This service is becoming indis
pensible to the men in the field. The
Japanese soldiers appear to be as
fully appreciative as their western
brothers. A report by Secretary
Heald says:
"Sy 4 a. m. Japanese soldiers come
knocking on the doors of the cars and
no refusal to open quiets them. There
is no chance for the secretary In
charge to sleep after they begin until
the day's work is over and that is
rarely before 1 the next morning. Sec
retaries find it impossible to get more
than three to four hours' sleep 'night
ly. To undress is a novelty and food
t goes uneaten because they cannot
steal time to eat."
A refrigerator car service has been
added recently. Thirty minutes after
the doors were opened, in the first in
stanc, 2500 bottles of cold soft drinks
had been sold to and consumed by the
thirsty soldiers.
ficer3' quarters was located in the lit- observatory, which gave a surpasins
tie village of I"uezin, about 20 miles view of the country for miles around,
from Metz. There were two tiers of j Everything was confusion. Uni
rooms with broad balconies in front forms, rifles, pots, dishes, booI:s. and
and all lighted by electricity. In the , all kinds of military paraphernalia
lower floor was an elaborate sitting ; were heaped about everywhere, indi
roora, containing richly upholstered eating that the Germans had tied in
furniture, a pinno, oil paintings, in- great haste.
laid tables and beveled mirrors. This j That the Germans expected to oc
apparently was the headquarters of a cupy this territory for a long time is
high officer, for in it were found many I shewn by the character of their
fiiaps, plan3 and a telephone switch- j ternches. In many cases, these were
board. Outside was a bowling alley ; of concrete and equipped with almost
and a small swimming pcol. as many conveniences as a dwelling
At one side was a wine-cellar well
stocked wtih auplewine, beer and
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUKG
MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
OlS
bee Fuel and
tcr, telephone communication, heating
other beverages dear to the German stoves and piped drainage.
Of Interest to Women I
The hats are breaking away a lit
tle trom all this war simplicity. At
least the early ones show signs of a
for winter. A suit of glove cloth, the
skirt has the triple Iiue of stitching
terminated beneath the pointed ends
considerable desire for trimmings, j of the belt, the jacket has four edged
There are the ostrich feathers for ex-, panel front, box plait back and the
ample, they nod and droop and tower cloth collar overlaps for the band. A
to the crest of many a dressy shape, ' suit of broadcloth is extremely stylish.
HUN OFFICERS. LIVED.
IN LUXURY WHILE ALL
HEAR THEM STARVED
giving a richness and abundance long
absent from the coverings of my
lady's head.
Shapes too do not conserve, for
there is an unusual width of brim.
Long cart-wheel sailors. drcopi;ig
mushrooms, floppy pokes, and hujse
tama rival the simpler tailored sport
shapes of recent seasons.
As to the materials despite the high
price of velvet, georgette, satin, bro
cade, beaver, velour and other novel
ty materials they cover themselves
the skirt is a straight hanging model,
the jacket has the pockets made of fur
to match the choker; the sleeves anil
broad bolt are run with cable stitch
ing, to finish it off satin ribbon lacing
with silk tassels answers the purpose.
A shit of vicuna cloth, straight hang
ing skirt; the skirt has a waistcoat
effect front; great pocket effect on
hips is of fur as are the collar and
cuffs. A suit of wool vtlour; the skirt
is a yoka 'model with hip band of con
trasting cloth done in soutath em-
Industrial Secretary C. II. llariii:i
reports the following new members
since the first of October: I"). F. Wal
lace, It. H. II. lilome, C. M. Fruitmau,
0. T. Clark, P. M. Huckwulter, A. Me
dina. K.' E. Schuhniann. II. E. Wooten,
E. B. Wallace, Albert Sheets. II. S.
Hillman, E. M. Duiley. Angles Kogo
kos, Uisbee Lumber company, L. C.
Ruff, Wm, E. Sowerbutts, Tom Rush
in. Musa Idris, L. T. Frazier, T. E.
Morgan. V. E. Tetty, Ciaude Harwell,
T. T. Brayfield, S. M. Hatter, C. A.
McDonald. Fred Bhend, Willis Malone,
Jas. T. Jones, O. J. Blais, Bert Wylie,
L. L. Davis, M. H. Crandall, M. J.
Linnes. M. Klope, J. F. Buckley, W. S.
Ellis, Scott Adams, A. C. Valenzuella,
Carl Schandelmeier. T. J. Medigovich.
W. E. Davis, jr., Geo. Hutton. O. J.
Dompler, H. Manning, E. K. Percival,
Ed Cadena. It. L. Bailey, J. H. Coon.
Albeit Gilmeyer, H. D. Beckiuan, W.
B. Ball, C. O. Jackson. Richard Fer
reil, A. W. Maxtey, W. W. .Martin,
Louis J. Martinez.
camping trip through
Phoenix country.
Tucson am:
Mr. E. G. Ruffner, another "Y"
member to enter the service of Uncle
j Sam. left last week to enter the me-
chanics corps of the United States
i army at Denver. Colo. The best wishes
of the association go with Mr. Ruffner.
quite lavishly with theia ar.d seem not, broidery; belted jacket has hith self
to be content to appear 3 mere hats
for winter.
Fuzzy silk beaver and silk hatter3
plush are exceedingly smart, it may
also be said, while moleskin, seal and
other pelts are like high crowned di
rectoire style which tal;es a consider
able to cover them.
Will the Winter be Muffless
Now furs are a feature of the fall
and winter season, for like the hats
they seem to be outdoing themselves i
In iavishness. Fur collars feel they j
must be large fur collars; fur coats
take unto themselves the loose abund- j
ant lines of wraps; fur cuffs strive to j
collar; revers and cuffs of braided
cloth. Suit of velvet; the skirt is a
front fastened model; the buttons of
metal; the jacket fastens to the throat
anil has a high self collar, slashed at
the back; trimmings of beise satin
trimmed with soutache. Suit of che
viot, the skirt is a two-piece model
stitched on either Fide of the front
for pocket effect; the jacket has front
and yoke effect back with self belt,
collar and cuffs.
CAPTURED DUGOUTS IN LONG OC
CUPIED PORTIONS OF FRANCE
SHOW LUXURIES WHILE BONA
FIDE OWNERS WANTED FOOD
AND CLOTHING
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMIES
IN THE FIELD, Sept. 19. (Corre
spondence of The Associated Press.)
All the comforts of home, with Knmo ! '8
' added luxuries, were found in the dug-! lare an sma'i couar rever ana oeit.
outs and living Quarters which the i Even tne v shaped opening is in the
reach the elbow, and fur trimmed gar
ments might some time be called half
and half, for the fur mounts upward
nearly to the waistline.
Yet with this much fur in sight we
look in vain for the customary muff.
It would seem that the wrap, like gar
ments, are expected to provide
.,1 t"TYT t V. f rV f,A 1. -1 .1 f in Tl.,l1w r A n rtw, '
aiiuii, iui iiaiiuo ill iJUincia, UKJ
cuff3 or the folds . of the garments
themselves. Maybe the price of the
muff and scarf have been put together
I to buy the new coatee.
Mink, mole, muskrat, nutria, seal
and broadtail, squirrel, and beaver,
kolinsky, fox and all the other furs
under the sun are offered for the fall
shoppers selection.
The coat which has taken on
new wrap lines is after all some ex
pression of a striving after economy.
For the coat wraps introduced this
fall and they are not all fur ei.her
are said to be designed to serve as a
street' wrap and an evening wrap as
well.
Above all colors brown leads and to j ,
a great extent it is combined with
black satin, and with dull blue cioth.
A dress for dinner is shown in pinkir.h
mauve satin and beaded tulle of the
same color, and has a velvet collar
set across the back, of warm brown
velvet. An odd . feature of the dress
the "hind side to" appearance o
SECRETARY BAKER AT
TRAINING GAMP HAS
VITAL, HUMAN SIDE
MEETS AND TALKS WITH SOL
DIERS, TESTS WEIGHT OF PACK
AND INVESTIGATES CONDI
TIONS UNDER WHICH THEY
LIVE AND WORK
. i '
Germans were forced to abandon
when the American troops smashed
through the St. Mihiel salient and took
the territory which the German army
had cccupied for four years.
Running water, electric lights,
steam heat, tennis courts, bowline al
leys, swimming pools, pianos and ! corners'
wine. cellars were some of the up-to-date
conveniences which Uncle Sam's
"moppers-up" that followed on the
heels of the rushing American sol
diers found in some of the quarters of
the German officers.
' The more elaborate quarters were
.located in the tbi'kly-set woods which
abound in this part of France and
back.
The double pockets of last season
appear again with a third added for
good measure, all posed one above the
other. And on sports clothes one may
see immense pockets wide and deep
with loose hanging flaps or detached
Suits
The coats are extremely long nnd
tight of sleeve and narrow of shoulder.
The materials are many and various
to choose from. A suit made o
duvctyn, the skirt is made with over
lapping cutaway pieces carrying out
the idea of the cutaway panel of the
jacket; plaited peplum, fur collar and
most of them represented the work cuffs complete a very attractive outfit
lem it Is
The Drink Supreme
BRAVO, a pure, cereal, non-intoxicating beverage fills
the need for a non-intoxicating drink. It quenches thirst,
relieves fatigue and puts vim into work and pleasure.
BRAVO is a drink for everybody.
LONDON, Oct. 26. (Correspond
! .... i . . t"i 1 "
!. ence ci ma Assui-iuieu .rrcsa.j r-"-
iisiea men ol tne American army
grinned sympathetically as they
vw.cherl the American secretary of
vr.r. Newton D. Baker, trudsing back
ani fcrth carrying the heavy pack of
the American soldier on his back,
when he visited the camp of Ameri-ca-i
soldiers in the Winchester dis-
rict while in England. The men
were adjusting their cumbersome kits
when tte secretary arrived at camp.
"I would like to try one of them,"
said the secretary to the sergeant.
The lord mayor of Winchester, the
camp commandant, and a group of
soldiers all gathered about as Mr.
Baker lifted the pack and adjusted
It to his shoulders. Then he trudged
back and forth two or three times
carrying the 70-pound load while a
pair of heavy hob-nailed trench boots,
swing from the bottom of the kit,
banged against his legs.
"It's heavy, all right." he comment
ed as he unburdened himself, "but not
so heavy as the Frenchman's pack. I
tried one of them on a few days ago
and it gave me an additional respect
for the Frenchman as a soldier."
The secretary made himself at home
and was friendly with the soldiers.
Everywhere he carried Ms pipe and
several times filled it from some sol
dier's pouch as he engaged in a casual
chat with the men. "The whole coun
try is behind you with everything it
possesses," was one of his frequent
messages to the fighting men. In the
Red Cross hospitals the secretary
w nt through the wards and had a few
cheery words for each of the patients.
In soma of the camps he dropped in
upon tne soiaiers at mess ume uuu
lunched with the bie crowd or them,
in the mess tent besides a little wood
land stream. He looked through
scores of barracks and living quar
ters. He inspected kitchens and spent
ten minutes watching soldiers playing
a scrub game of baseball. His inspec
tion of the Red Cross activities was
comprehensive. He saw the bathing
houses in operation with long lines of
rain-c.onled soldiers waiting their turn
at the showers. He saw the dental
huts, with the lit d Cross dentists busy
at their work. He visited several Red
Cros recreation huts and listened to
the Red Cross Jazz bands at practice.
At one camp he found his cousin.
i Sept. Harry Chiswell of Cleveland,
and rhstted with him for ten minutes.
Altogether the secretary gained an
excellent impression of what the
American authorities have done In pre
paring comfortable and sanitary camps
for the old!ers in the Winchester
district, south of London, in prepara
tion for the winter.
Quarantine time is being used by
those in authority iu the Hi-Y night
school, in connecting our work tffic
ially with the higher centers east,
and cn item of interest to foreigners
is that blunks from the department
of labor, and the division of publica
tions and supplies are already on
hand, can be had on application to the
principal of the school for filling out
the declaration of intention at your
leisure, so as to have it ready to use
when you go to meet the clerk, there
by saving time of having to wait for
a lent; line of men ahead of you.
Mr. Claude Harwell, who has re
cently been confined to his room with
the influenza, is now in the Calumet
& Arizona hospital, and is reported
as getting along nicely. His friends
at the Y. M. C. A. hope for his speedy
recovery.
Tom Rushln, an active member of
the Y. M. C. A., left last week for EI
Paso, where he will try to pass an
examination to enter the navy. The
best wishes of the entire association
go with Mr. Rushin.
The association is very glad to re
port that Earl Wittig, previously re
ported as being severely wounded in
France, has been heard from. ' He
stated in bis letter that he had a gun
shot in one arm, and that he was hav
ing the best care and attention, at
a base hospital in France. He stated
that the wound occurred while he was
"going over the top." His many
friends at the association hepe that
he continues to improve, and that he
returns home fully recovered.
General Secretary" E. A. Putnam left
Thursday "evening for Phoenix, where
he remained for one day only, attend
ing the meeting of the united w:ir
work council of this state. He was ac
companied by several members of the
board of directors.
There are still a number of hoys
from the boys' department out at
Lewis Springs, enjoying camp life.
They all report a very good time, and
expect to remain there until the qu:ir
antine is raised.
i, TV
r eea iomDanv
Phone 2
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
Goal!
COFFEE CONSERVATION
URGED UPON PEOPLE
AS WAR MEASURE
GOVERNMENT CONTROL NOT
CONTEMPLATED BUT WASTE
OF PREVIOUS FOOD HOPED TO
BE AVOIDED IN ORDER TO DE
CREASE VOLUME OF IMPORTS
Have you stored your winter's
supply of coal yet? If not it's
time to get busy! A shortage
is possible. BUY NOW!
isbee
Fuel
and
d
company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz.. Oct. 23 Fol
lowing the government control of i
sugar, the importation and distribu-
tion cf coffee has been taken over by i
the United States susar equalization
board, acocrding to an announcement
macie tooay Dy tne ieuerai iooa au-1
Sickness has made some changes
necessary in the corps of teachers, but
all in attendance may rest assured
that all things necessary to the
school's welfare will be looked after,
and suitable preparation made to meet
all demands on us. The HI-Y is in
business to help win the war, and
there are no quitters among us.
Mr. Daniel Shirck, physical director
of the Y. M. C. A. and manual training
teacher of school accompanied by
Mr. Safford, commercial teacher of
the high school, and a very active "Y"
member, Mrs. Safford and Miss Flor-"
ence Buckett, sister of Mrs. Safford,
left Thursday morning for a week's
ministration for Arizona. This organ
ization will hereafter import or direct j
the importation of all coffee coming ;
into the United States. Such action '
is taken in order to better adjust cot-1
fee imports with shipping conditions, ;
to bring about an equitable distribu-1
tton to the trade and insure the sup- j
plies necessary for home consumption. I
The plan for the allotment ar.d dis-!
tribution of all coffee imported is now
beiBi formulated and the coffee ad
visory committee has been called to
Washington for consultation. It is con
templated that this plan will, as far as
feasible, continue the importation and
distribution of coffee through the es
tablished channels of trade. The plan
arrived at will be announced scon.
The food administration is desirous
that every one economize in the con-
' sumption of coffee, in order to de
crease the demands on shipping and
free as much tonnage as posisble for
the transportation of the American
army. The extent to which the Amer
ican public, by conforming to this re
quest, can assist in the transportation
of our army to France may be realized
when we consider that the customary
imports of coffee into the United
States per annum exceed 500,000 tons.
Rationing the people is not contem
plated, it is stated. The food admin
istration prefers to depend upon the
voluntary action of the people to re
duce consumption by careful avoid
ance of all waste and over indulgence,
and by careful preparation of coffee
for the table.
la y y
taut
. I 1 II II -MB
A Checking Account will make you
careful and systematic reduce your ex
penses give you a receipt for every bill
paid and give you prestige and standing.
We invite YOUR Checking Account
even though it is small.
Bank with us.
!,
In Bottles and on Draught
I
BUXTON-SMITH COMPANY
Local Distributors
' SAFETY MATCHES SOAR.
LONDON. Oct. 26 Refore the war
a dozen bo"S of "safety" matches
sold in Fnaland for the equivalent of
3 American cents. Today Londoners
arc lucky if they have the chance to
: buy a dozen boxes for 50 cents.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
A SERIES OF
LITTLE TALKS ABOUT
YOUR
No.
1G
WHEN it comes to the "Miles per gal
lon" proposition the Ford is the wiz
zard among cars. Your ford will carry you
further on a given amount of fuel than any
other car in the world.
q But SOME OWNERS get nearly twice
as much mileage as others and run unde?
similar conditions.
CJMake up your mind to one thing the
difference is not in the Fords but in thei"
drivers.
CJ Learn to use your spark and gas prop
erly. Learn how to keep your carburetor
just right. It's the simplest carbureter
there is, so THAT presents no difficulty.
CJIf you've been having trouble with
fouled sparks and low mileage or other
gas troubles come around and let us start
you off right again.
Hood & Bledsoe
Phone 686
Bisbee
ARRETT
Iver-Lastic Roofing
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post'of August 3. We have a full car in stock.
Bisbee Lumber Co. inc.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Ci Stop PHONE 25
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte pricea.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to .2Q p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
Henry Poppcn. Manager.
The Knot of People Grew. With
Amazing Rapidity it Became a Group
an assemblage, a crowd. Some timorous
soul phoned for reserves. Two patrols
clanged up. But the riot was just a quiet
gathering of applicants for a place adver
tised in The Review Classified Columns!
Everything New
OPPOSITE DEPOT Everything Flrt C!a
.4
U. S. A. HOTEL
The Most Centrally Located Hotel In Bibee. Phone Green 46
ROOMS EY DAY, WEEK OR MONTH
i
J FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1918.
Oil Case Decision Quite
Vital to Foreigners Who
Are Interested in Country
(Bv Review Lejuwd wire) gale by Mexico or producers operating
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26 The status under contracts with Mexico, to the
of American investment in Mexico is aiijed governments,
an object of concern to the United Inasmuch as Mexico ranks third
States. Future commercial relations, among the oil producing nations of
not only with Mexico, but with the the woru and Russia, which stood
whole of Latin America, may be af- 8econd no longer is furnishing any
fected by the outcome of the dispute appreciable quantity, the Tampico pro
over the possession of land and min- auction was vitally necessary to the
eral rights in the Tampico oil dis- natiun8 at war; and the American,
trict, says a review of the oil situation British, French and Dutch companies,
just issued by the department of com- actmg under advice of their govern
ment. ! uieuts, refused to file the demanded
The 'government, as well as oil in-1 mauiiests and applied to the Mexican
terests, is watching carefully the pro- J courts for relief.
gress of suits instituted in the Mex-j Not one of the American companies
ican courts by the American, British, operating in Mexico, says the depart
French and Dutch oil companies, for nient of commerce report, ever has ob
relief from the program of the Car- tained a concession of land from the
ranza government, arising from a pro-. Mexican government, their contracts
vision of the Mexican constitution of :
1917 which attempts to vest in the na-
tion only the right to minerals and
oils under the soil of the republic.
"In its bearing on our future com-1
mercial relations with Latin Amer-;
lea," declares the review by the de- j
partment of commerce, "the status of :
our investments in Mexico involves
far-reachiug possibilities. If all our
foreign investments were to be trans-'
ferred from the state of property, duly
acquired with guarantees of perman-'
ence (such as occur in the Mexican '
mining laws of 1884, 1892 and 1909) !
to the state of temporary concessions j
requiring renewal. from time to time i
by contracts in the wording of which j
we have no share, we Bhouid race an I
unprecedented situation. Our com-'
mercial relations, not only with Mex
ico but with all of Latin America de
pends upon mutual confidence. The
liberal supplies which the United
States has granted to Mexico .together
with Ambasasdor Fletcher's note of
April 2 constitute our side of the pres
ent case. A signal factor, however,
will be the decision of the Mexican
courts upon the suits now in pro
gress" The note of April 2 referred to was
.handed to the Mexican government
after all oil companies operating in I
the Tampico fields had been ordered ; received today by the council from
to file manifests of property under t!ie "People's Administration" of Ana
penalty of confiscation and it had dyr, a Siberian town on the Gulf of
been decreed that new taxes called Anadyr, an arm of the Bering sea.
"rentals" and " royalties" should be j The letter was written in Russian and
imposed. It declared that "the United j was sent over in a trading boat.
States cannot acquiesce in any pro-j Nome responded to the request as far
cedure ostensibly or nominally in the as it could. A committee of council
forni of taxation or the exercise of i men was named to communicate with
eminent domain, but really resulting j the Russian municipal officers and
in confiscation and arbitrary depriva
tion of vested rights." At the same
time the British, French and Dutch
governments notified the Carranza
government that in the event confisca
tory measures were put into effect
they "would be obliged to protect
their own interests." This resulted in
a modification of the decree of con
fiscation. Article 27 of the new Mexican con
stitution is the center of the dispute.
Three decrees have been issued under
its provisions, imposing conditions on
the oil companies which they regard
as confiscation. The constitutional
article provides that ownership of aU '
petroleum is vested in the nation; i
Uiat only Mexicans by right of birth j
ur aM, ,,i ...
quire ownership in lands, waters or
mineral fuels in the republic, but that
the government may grant the same j
right to foreigners, if they agree to :
be considered and treated as Mexicans
and waive all right of protection from
their home governments, forfeiture of
their property being the penalty for
such an appeal.
It has openly been charged that
the Mexican government was unduly
influenced by German agents who
hoped through the decree to cut off
the supplies of fuel oil needed to keep
the allie& navies and merchant fleets
at sea as the vestinf of sole rights to
this fuel in a neutral government
would make the Tampico production ,
national contraband and prevent its
r
Mrs. Jones Ishen
WICKREN STUDIO
MAZE
Voice Building, Tone Production
and the Art of Singing
From the beginning to the highest perfection
Exponent of Garcia's infallible voice meth
od, which embodies style, diction; in
French, Italian and English languages. 1
FREE VOICE TRIAL
Hours, I I : 30-2: 30. Wednesday and Saturday
of purchase or lease having in every
case been made with private owners
who held titles extending back often
for more than 250 years.
The demands of the war for fuel oil
are continually increasing, according
to the review. Petroleum stocks in
the United States were reduced by
8,034,635 barrels during the first six
months of 1918. With heavy Increases
in shipping, many of the new ships
being oil burners, a further demand
may be expected. At least 2,500,000
barrels of Mexican oil per month has
been used in the past in connection
with the military and domestic needs
of the United States and estimates of
the present need place the reuuire-
ments high as 4,000,000 barrels a
month. In addition, the navies of the
allies especially the British require
fuel oil, mostly obtained from Mexico,
to keep them on the high seas.
WANT ALASKAN GOODS.
I v3
NOME, Alaska, uct. 26. Siberians
across the Bering sea from here, fear
iirg that unsettled conditions in Vladi
vostok will cut them from their Rus
sian source of supply next summer,
have asked Nome's city council to
send merchandise from here.
The request was made in a letter
render as much assistance as possi
ble. "BOOTS" HAS DISAPPEARED.
AMSTERDAM, Oct 26. The Euro
pean habit of placing one's shoes out
side the bedroom door at night to find
them ready cleaned in the morning,
no longer obtains in Germany. Leath
er is so scarce nowadays that boots
and shoes have become "objects of
value" to be left in custody of the
hotel manager. A hotel guest at
Cologne, who brought suit against a
ote pr pnetor o m ve dam g
fr 10f
over night, ost his case and the judge
,tue traveler soundly tor not
rotc,tmgJhia pJ)ert.y,.be"er '?
starfg rp(Juced ow.
.
to tne ar.
NEW
Tailoring Dept.
Suits and Overcoats made to mea
sure. Cleaning, Pressing, Altering,
to your satisfaction.
H. MICHAELS
With
MILLER SHIRT AND HAT SHOP
Main Street Bisbee
BLDG.
i
j
HOW THE PEACE-SEEKING GERMANS
5
K7i
I
5 -
President Wilson's reply to Ger
many's proposals for an armistice
to "talk the matter over" received
world wide commendation. Ger-
37. S. Army and Marine
Casualty List Day by Day
The Review is In receipt of casualty list as they are issued by the
war department to The Associated Press. Owing to a lack of space, it has
been determined to publish only the complete list of those killed or miss
ing and a regional list of wounded, including Arizona, New Mexico, Texas
and California.
The casualties reported by the com
manding general of the American ex
peditionary forces, number 329:
Killed in action 36
Died of wounds 16
Died of accident and other causes 1
Died of disease 24
Wounded severely 60
Wounded, degree undetermined ...116
Wounded slightly 53
Missing in action 21
Prisoners 2
Killed in Action
PvL Ernest E. Berry, Linden, Tex.
Died of Wounds
Edmund A. Johnson, Fresno, Calif.
Died of Disease
Lt. Joseph H. Redner,' San Francis
co, cam.
Pvts. John Gabrielli, Sacramento,
Calif.; William G. Gerland, Danville,
Tex.; Henry C. Twombley, Pasadena,
Calif.; William C. Blake, Galveston,
Tex.
Wounded In Action, Severely
Pv g. Luther R. Lindsey, Overton, i
Tex.; Charles M. Shell, Texas City, .
Tex.
Wounded In Action, Degree
Undetermined
Pvts. Thomas R. Chesser, Franklin,
Lagleder, Rosanky, Tex.;;f.e'ef. alir- ,J- "f' a'
win, Gordonville. Tex.; I M-! Baraey alker, Georgetown.
Ariz.; Alvis
Dow B. God
Tom D. Harris, Jasper, Tex.; Martin
Guerro, San Francisco Del Rincon,
Old Mex.; John Smith, San Antonio,
Tex.
Missing in Action
Pvt. Jesse R. Harry, Dryden, Tex.
SECTION No. 2
The casualties reported by the com
manding general of the American ex
peditionary forces, number 3il:
Killed in action 51
Liiea ot wounus
. . . , 0 , 1
Died lrom acciuent ana otner
causes !
uiea oi uisease
Wounded severely 135 J
n . It
wounueu tuerce uuuuit'iujiuuu; . . ii
Wounded slightly 36
Missing in action 41
Prisoners 2
Killed in Action
Sgt. Wilbur R. Chapman, Mesa,
Ariz.
Pvts. Ross H. Alley, leesville, Tex.;
George Grimes, an Francisco, Calif.;
Henrv H. Jones. Brownsville, Tex
Johu P. H. Williamson, Marble Falls, !
Tex.
Died of Wounds
Pvts. Reuben Fowler, San Diego,
rnlif Ottn K Kintze. Reedlev. Calif.
Died of Disease
Pvts. Virgil T. Farrar, Clyde, Tex.;
Frank Gustave Thomas, Bakersfield,
Calif.
Wounded Severely in Action
Lt. Russell M. Ross. Dallas, Tex.
Pvts. August A. Altheide. Orange,
Calif.; John Milton Cannon. Stamford,
Tex.; George Hathcock, Bowie, Tex.;
Chris J. Smith, WoodTand, Calif.
Wounded In Action, Degree
Undetermined
Sst. Arthur R. Wilson, Sherman,
Calif.
Pvts. Ferdinand Graves. Paris. Tex.;
Oliver T. Hall. Portland. Ore.; Edwin
E. Jacobs, San Marcos, Calif.
Missing in Action
Pvts. Lawrence W. Brady, Winona,
Ugly, Unsightly Pimples
Are Signals of Bad Blood
Give Heed to the Warning.
Timples on the face and other
parts of the body are warnings from
Nature that your blood is slugfrish
and impoverished. Sometimes they
foretell eczema, boils, blisters, scaly
eruptions and other skin disorders
that burn like flames of fire.
Tliey mean that your blood needs
S. S. S. to purify it and cleanse it of
these impure accumulations that can
rause unlimited trouble. This remedy
is the greatest vegetable blood puri
"if..
too, A- , VV -
Street of Saci Carnot.
many must indicate by her actions
that she really wants peace. Her
armies continue to devastate and
pillage towns throuRh which they
Tex.; Raymond R.
Cisco, Calif.
Rooney, San Fran-
' The casualties reported by the com
manding general of the American ex
peditionary forces, number 660:
Killed in action 100
Missing in action 72
Wounded severely 101
Wounded slightly 105
Died of accident and other causes 3
Died of wounds 49
; Died of disease 83
.Wounded, degree undetermined. . .145
; Prisoner 1
' rtioil trfmi apmnlmia nrrMpnt 1
Killed in Action
- Mechanic, Walter E. Groves, Olney,.
j Tex.
Pvts. John E. Coleman, Rush, Tex.;
Orion B. Foster, Rogers, Tex.; Clifford
i W. Goble, Mingus, Tex.; Dimitrus H.
! Huff, Bertram, Tex.; Henry Reuter,
I Valley Mills, Tex.; Fred Julius Tice,
j Orange Grove, Tex.; Retd Boon, Cisco,
Tex.; Harry W. Beavers, Milano,
Tex.;
Ernest O. Clark, Beaumont,
Tex.
Missing in Action
Pvts. Frank J. Gabriel, Sacramento,
Calif.; Joe D. Griffith, Galveston,
Tex.; Harry Hubert Harvey, Los An-
Calif.; Owen J. Davis, Grady,
Tex.
Wounded Severely in Action .
Mechanic, John J. NorvelL Saratoga,
Tex.
Pvts. Clifton Beville, Dallas, Tex.;
George W. Stanford, Shamrock, Tex.
Wounded Slightly
Pvt. Walter S. Jones, Frisco, Tex.
Died of Wounds
Pvts. Marion S. Still, Bridgeporte,
Tex.; James A. Williams, Burleson,
Tex.; Hugh Carrity, Los Angeles,
Calif.; Joseph A. Rabel, Schuilenberg,
-ex
Henry G. Oncken, Wemert,
Tex.; Thomas R. Pleucked, Nacogo-
doclies, Tex.; Milton S. Starr, Sulphur
mUf;, Tex
tro aj
Luther V. Creed, El Cen-
Wounded Degree Undetermined
Pvts. James A. M. Curl, Tolar, Tex.;
Nick Gassoumis, Oakland, Calif.;
Easter M. Megna, Galveston, Tex.; Pa-
trico Chavez, Las Cruces, N. M.;
Charles A. Meloy, Palms. Calif.
SECTION No. 2
The ca.sualties reported by the 'com-
manding general of the American ex-
t pedilionary forces, number 545:
Killeci in action o
Died of wounds 31
Died from accident ana otner
causes 9
Died of disease 18
Wounded severely 76
Wounded, degree undetermined ..235
Wounded slightly 71
Missing in action 20
Died of Wounds
S:t Roy Weigel, Los Angeles, Calif.
Pvts. John E. Pruett, Blue Ridge,
Tex.; Hinaldo Boscacci, San Fran
cisco, Calif.; Chas. B. Johnson, Corsl
cana, Tex.
Wagoner, Cook Henry F. Colston,
jr., Sweeney, Tex.
Pvts. David Findlay, Hanford,
Calif.; John Hoot. Point Black. Tex.;
Frank 11. Svetlik. Buckholte, Tex.
The casualties reported by the com-
fier Jcnown. and contains no minerals
or chemicals to injure the most deli
cate skin.
Go to your drugstore, and get a
bottle of S. S. S. today, and get rid
of those unsightly and disfiguring
pimples, and other skin irritations.
And it will cleanse your-Wood thor
oughly. If you wish special medical
advice, you can obtain it without
charge bv writing" to Medical Direc
tor, 20 Swift Laboratory, Atlanta,
Ceorjria.
LEFT BETHUNE
to:
are retreating. This British official
photo shows the street of Sudi
Carnot, Eethune. Mere skeletons
of the beautiful buildings remain.
manding general of the American ex
peditionary forces, number 2G4.
Killed in action 17
Died of wounds 10
Died of accident and other causes 1
Died of disease 4
Wounded severely 82
Wounded, degree undetermined .. 51
Wounded slightly 92
Missing In action 5
Died from aeroplane accident 2
Killed in Action
Pvts. Ruel W. Day, Philo, Calif.;
I sad or Battasti, San Francisco, Calif.
Wounded Severely
Pvts. Dallas Marshall, Sanger, Tex.;
Corbett Shoopman, Clarksville, Ariz.
Wounded Slightly
Chaplain Francis W. Lawsi;i, Los
Angeles, Calf.
Pvt. Clifton V. Smith, Hagerman,
N. M.
Missing in Action
PvL Emil Eahlgemuth, Tularosa,
N. M.
SECTION No. 2
The casualties reported by the com
manding general of the American ex
peditionary forces, number 240.
Killed in action 4
Died of wcunds 1
Died from accident and other
causes - 2
Wounded, severely 14
Wounded, degree undetermined ...137
Wounded, slightly 77
Missing in action S
Prisoners 4
Killed in Action
Pvt. Fred E. Painter, Los Angeles,
Calif.
Died From Accidents and Other
Causes
Sgt. Wm. W. McAlister, Los An
geles, Calif.
Wounded Degree Undetermined
Pvts. Clarence E. Parker, Tyler,
Tex.; John Turner, Peoria, Ariz.;
Paul J. Whitely, San Antonio. Tex.
Wounded Degree Undetermined, Pre
viously Reported Missing in Action
George E. Tabor, Manitou, Colo.;
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
to Yow
Range Boiler
Qisbee
' Claude R. Radican, Cumby, Tex.;
Andres Ribra, Santa Fe, N. M.
Wounded Degree Undetermined, Pre
viously Reported Killed in Action
Pvt. Luther W. Rusell, Ebony, Tex.
Returned to Duty, Previously Report
ed Misisng in Action
Pvts. Harry F. Johnon. Malta,
Colo.; Elmer Pratt, Mount Pleasant,
Tex.
The casualties reported by the com-;
manding general of the American ex
peditionary forces, number 109.
Killed In action 5
Died of disease 4
Wounded, severely 31
Wounded, degree undetermined ... i't
Wounded slightly 27
Wounded Severely
Pvts. Charles T. Dever. Casper,
Tex.; Joe Owen. Dallas. Tex.; St.
Elmo Thomas, Coahoma, Tex.
Wounded Slightly
Pvt. Carter McCall, Craft, Tex.
SECTION No. 2
ThR casualties reDorted bv the com
manding general cf the American ex -
peditionary fortes, number lo5.
Died from accident and other
causes 3
Died from disease 8
Wounded, degree
Missing in action
undetermined
.88
6
Total 105
Died From Accident and Other Causes
Pvt. George Overall,' San Diego,
Calif.
Wounded Degree Undetermined
Cook, Micbeie Curtoni, Mendocino,
Calif.
Pvts. Gradie Hodge, Hereford. Tex.;
William P. Mortensen, Suisun. Calif.
Missing in Action
Benny F. Boyd, Brownwood, Tex.
MARINE CORPS CASUALTIES
Number 40
Killed in action 1
Died of wounds received in action.. 4
Died of disease 17
Wounded in action, severely 3
Missing in action 15
Died of Wounds Received In Action
Pvt. Lemuel L. Johnson, Wallace,
Tex.
Died of Disease
Pvt. Worth B. Burleson, Baatrcp,
Tex.
Misting in Action
Cpl. Elmer N. Lancaster, Humboldt
county, Calif.
In Hospital Class D, Previously Re
ported Died of Wounds
Pvt. Seth C. Cad man. Portland. Ore.
Sick in Hospital, Previously Reported
Missing
Cpl. David B. Hill, Crowley, Tex.
f ome say the war is to be decided
on the eastern, some cn the western
front. Evidently It i3 Foch"g Inten
tion to iherge these two fronts by
driving the one in upon the other.
Chicago Daily News.
CHIDES Mil ABOUT
y
"Five years ago doctors told me
I would have to move my wife to
another climate, as she suffered so
with stomach and liver trouble and
bloating. Also, tiiat she would have
to have an operation for gall stones.
Our mail carrier told me of Mayr's
Wonderful Remedy and, on his advice,
she has taken it and is now as well as
ever in her life." It is a simple, harm
less preparation that removes the ca
tarrhal mucus from the intestinal
tract and allays practically all stom
ach, liver and intestinal ailments, in
cluding appendicitis. One do&e will
convince or money refunded.
Sold by Bisbee Drug company, Lo
well Drug company, in Lowell, and
druggists everywhere.
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
INFLUENZA WORSE
THAN HUN BULLETS
Claiming More Victim Than
Battle Fronts of Europe;
Disease Can Be
Avoided
According to carefully compiled sta
tistics it is an indisputable fact that
the Spanish influenza epidemic which
is now sweeping all parts of the conn
try is daily claiming far or vic
tims than German bullets on the bat
tle fronts of Europe. Although civil
and military authorities have succeed
ed in checking the disease in tome
localities, it is growing worse in oth-
- era and continues to spread at an
! alarminjr rate. That the disease can
i be avoided there is no longer any
j doubt. According to leading authort-
' tiea the powers of resistance of the
! human system can be so perfected
that that it can throw off almost aay
infection, not even excepting Spanish
influenxa. which is one of the most
contagious diseases known.
It is persons who are suffering from
lowered vitality, who are weak and
rundown and who have not the
strength to throw tt off who axe the
earliest victims. Persons whs have
bad colds, who are suffering from ca
tarrhal troubles, or Inflammation ot
the mucous membranes are especial
ly susceptible, as the Inflamed mu
cous membrane linings of the nose
and throat are aa open door to toe
germs. This condition is almost al
ways accompanied by a weakened con
dition of the system.
If you are suffering from any of
these symptoms, nothing on earth
will build you up and strengthen you
like Teniae, which contains the moat
powerful tonic properties known to
science.
This statement is easily proven by
the fact that Tanlac Is now having
the greatest sale of any system tonic
in the history of medicine. In less
than four years' time ever Ten Mil
lion Bottles have been sold and the
demand is constantly increasing.
Thousands are using it daily for the
above troubles with the most aston
ishing and gratifying results.
Tanlac increases your strength and
weight and creates a good healthy
appetite for nourishing food. It keeps
you physically fit and helps every or
gan ot the body perform its proper
function in the natural way.
In connection with the Tanlac
Treatment be sure and keep the bow
els open- by taking Tanlac Laxative
Tablets, samples of which are includ
ed In every bottle.
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by'j. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug com
pany, in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in
j Bowie by Bowie Drug company, in San
simon oy j. a. looite, m vs ucoz ny
A. A. Nicfcolson, in Lowell by Lowell
Drug company, in Benson by C F.
Moss Pharmacy, in Glee iron by B. A.
Taylor, in Warren by Warren Drug
company, in Pearca by B. A. Taylor,
and in Tombstone by , Boyd's Drug
store.
Gen. Horne was the first British
commander to butt a hole in the Hin
denburg line. Gen. Home and Gen.
iiyng ought to make a pretty good
combination. Wichita Beacon.
France feels a cheerful confidence
that the Germans are now saying
good-bye and not au revoir. Spring
field Republican.
Sometimes Austria is afraid Ger
many won't win the war, and some
times Austria is afraid Germany wilL
New York Evening Sun.
Heater
j
fir ;i !
I
i :i
ft :
i r
Mm THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1918.
FIVE
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion in next morning's paper.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Bell boy. Apply Copper
Queen hotel. ' 2S0
WANTED Representative in Bisbee
for Equitable Life Insurance com
pany. New policies. Splendid op
portunity for right party. Paul S.
Kantz, manager. Phoenix. 325
Female Hlo wted
WANTED An experienced waitress
at the French Kitchen. 305
WANTED Middle aged white woman
for general housework in family of
two. Good home for right party.
Apply Geo. McCarty, Naco, Ariz. 268
Mtic and Female Help Wanted
WANTED Woman or man cook.
Gcod wages. French Kitchen. 275
PotitfontWanted
WANTED Position as office clerk or
timekeeper. Experienced. Appiy
W, care Review. 273
WANTED Girl tor housework. Apply
Mrs. Emil Marks, Clawson avenue,
Bisbee. 236
For Sale
FOR SALE Grazing and farming
lands, on reasonable terms located
In Alabama. H. H. Wefel, jr.. Mo
bile, Ala. 2S4
FOR SALE Hand-made batiste
baby dress, tatted yoke, size one
year. Phone Black 256. 271
FOR SALE Modern four room bun
galow with sleeping porch. Inquire
C. M. Gibson, or Phone Red 516. 288
FOR SALE Nicely furnished four
room house in Warren. Small cash
payment, balance terms. Box 792,
Warren. 304 j
FOR SALE: Modern house, close in:
A good investment Box 1111, City.
303
FOR SALE Will sell at a bargain, 2
dress overcoats, Oxford grey and
plain black, fine new coats, all wool,
also one' heavy rubber coat, men's
goods. Call after 7 p. m.. Room 28,
Mason hotel, Lowell, Ariz. " 25S
FOR SALE Used cars. We have
tnem: Studeoaker, u. M. r . truck,
1225; Ford track, (375; Overland
Country club, 1450; Overland new
Country club, $850; Chevrolet, new, WANTED Good second hand furni
X900. Long Trail garage, Lowell, ! ture and linoleum. Call Green 696.
Ariz. 259 355
FOR SALE A heating stove, nearly
new, $9. 104 Hason hill. 257
FOR SALE Furniture. 151 Clawson
avenue, corner Opera Drive. 269
FOR SALE Board and rooming
house. Apply Box No. 2291, Bisbee.
330
FOR SALE Oil heater, nearly new.
49 O. K. street. 314
FOR SALE 1916 Ford, A-l condition,
new tires, one extra. A bargain.
C. C. McCoy, with Buxton & Smith
company. 313
FOR SALE New four room house.
Box 953, Warren, Ariz. 299
FOR SALE Buick light six roadster,
A-l condition. Address McWhorter's
factory. 303
FOR SALE The Pressure Cooker.
Phone 734 for cookers or demonstra
tion. Bisbee Mattress Works. 152
FOR SALE Ranch, 160 acres, all
fenced, patented windmill, plenty oi
water for, stock, a four room house,
a mile and a half from Lee station,
$1800. Inquire Box 1695, Bisbee. 102
FOR SALE Good building lots, five
minutes walk from Denn mine. Mrs.
Winwood, Winwood addition, $50
and up. 849
prompt attention. Chase L Purdy,
Bisbee or Naco. 760
FOR SALE Two work horses. Bisbee
Improvement company. 772
FOR SALE Bundle oi old papers at
the Review office. Large bundles,
price 25c.
For Rent
FOR RENT Garage, second house on
right. Mason avenue car stop, dh
FOR RENT Three rooms and screen
ed porch, furnished for light house
keeping. J. W. Glover. Phone 645.
80 Moon avenue. . 321
FOR RENT Four room house, partly
furnished, for two families; also
batching room. 67 Upper Lowell. 280
FOR RENT Furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. Good place for
bachelors. 56 Upper Lowell, across
from Lowell depot. 174
FOR RENT Three room apartment
with bath, furnished, one block from
postoffice. Warren. No children.
Phone 417. 278
FOR RENT Furnished rooms. Prich
ard house, Brophy car btop. Tomb
stone canyon. 279
FOR RENT Furnished room, close
in. Stove if desired. Call Sundav,
6 Quality hill, Mitchell. 287
FOR RENT A garage. Locklin ave
nue. Big yellow house on left. 289
FOR RENT Furnished. Four room
modern apartment with sleeping
porch. No children. Phone Black
811. :;mj
TOR RENT Several nice bed rooms
Apply 75 School hill. 331
J?oarJR.ent
FOR RENT One big tent house for
bachelor or couple. 24 Upper Lowell.-
302
FOR RENT House, three rooms,
sleeping porch, bath, etc; albo ga
rage, in Warren. Phone Black 4J5.
262
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished for
housekeeping, with all accommoda
tions, electric lights, gas range, also
wcod and coal range. Johnson ad
dition, Montana street. No. 35. 35U
FOR RENT Six room house furnish
ed. Apply C. A. Hillman, Don Luis.
332
FOR RENT Two newly furnished
housekeeping rooms. 70 Wood can
yon. George Foney. 333
FOR RoJNT Hotel Letson, Main st.
Phone 559. Immaculately clean,
newly renovated rounis, running wa
ter. Special rates to permanent
guests. 32b
FOR RENT Two furnihsed house
keeping rooms. 14 Laundry hilL V. J.
Shearer. 334
FOR RENT Niceiy rurnisned front
room, suitable for one or two gen
Uemen or ladies. Apply Brooks
apartments, O. K. street. Apartment
No. 13. 30S
FOR RENT Two well furnished
rooms for housekeeping. Star Room
ing house, opposite City park. 301
IFOR RENT Furnished room in pri-
j vate residence, Warren. Inquire at
j Warren Drug company. 275
FOR RENT Garage with light. Ap-
ply D. Playtair, 98 Mason hill. Phone
i Blue 647. ' 278
Wanted
WANTED Four room ' furnished
house with bath, in Warren, for two
months, for couple. F. W. L., care
I Review. 294
WANTED Five or six room unfurn
ished house in Warren or Bisbee.
! Call Black 475 between 10 and 12
o'clock. ' 277
WANTED Three or four room furn
ished house with bath, in Tomb
stone canyon or Warren. Address
Box 215. 270
WANTED Three
room furnishes
house, near school. Two children.
Address F. A. C, care Review. 354
WANTED THIRTY BEEF
BONERS at our slaughter
house at Don Luis. We will
pay one dollar per carcass
boned. Chance to make
from $4.50 to $9 per day.
Steady work in a fine new
well lighted plant. E. A.
Tovrea & Co. 281
! WANTED House, lour rooms or more
unfurnished, Bisbee or Warren. Ad
dress, "G.," care Review. tf-dh
WANTED Clean rags, neview of
fice, dh-tf
Salesmen
SALESMAN Capable specialty man
for Arizona. Staple line on NEW
and EXCEPTIONAL terms. Vacancy
now. Attractive cemmisison con
tract. $35 weekly for expenses.
Miles F. Bixler Co., 742 Carlin Bide.,
Cleveland, Ohio. 281
SALESMAN For general mercantile
trade in Arizona to sell a NEW'
proposition of MERIT. Vacancy
now. Attractive commission 'con
tract. $35 weekly for expenses.
Miles F. Bixler Co., Wholesale Jew
elers, 743 Carlin Bldg., Cleveland,
Ohio. 283
SALESMAN For general mercantile
trade in Arizona, to sell a NEW
proposition of MERIT. Vacancy
now. Attractive commission con
tract. $35 weekly for expenses.
Miles F. Bixler, Co., Wholesale Jew
elers, 741 Carlin Bldg., Cleveland,
Ohio. 2S2
STOCK SALESMEN Financial
house has opening for five $1000 per
month stock salesmen to follow up
live leads which cost us from $10
to $15 a piece in small towns.
Strong selling issue. Have active
endorsement of many prominent
men. 25 to 30 leads when salesman
starts more continually. Excellent
references required. Address, Sales
Manager, 2952 Chicago avenue,
Chicago. 111. 157
Money toLoan
jS.MAL.Ij quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men ana women, al
so on curmture. cox ian uo. Koom
Z. lyric Theatre Duumng. lt
Miscellaneous
MADAME J REA KEYS, St. Regis ho
tel, Iowell. Arizona. Clairvoyant
and crystal reader. Dead trance
spirit medium, born with a
double veil, without asking ques
tions gives you dates, facts and fig
ures, and will read your entire life.
Phono 62 654
MARTIN'S MINERAL BATHS AND
MASSAGE SPECIALIST For rheu
matism, lumbago, plurisy, head
aches, nervousness, manipulations
and curviture of spine treated scien
tifically. Olfice third floor Maze
building. Open 9 a. ui. to 9 p. m.
Nurse lu attendance. 705
Miscellaneous
SECOND HAND CLOTHES BOUGHT
Phone 739. 272
ACT AS OUR DISTRIBUTOR Good
salesman should make $250 to $350
per month; we refer business to
you; new auto discovery; no experi
ence necessary. Write quick for ex
clusive territory. McCallister, 1449
Polk street, San Francisco, Cal. 291
$10 COMMISSION ALLOWED ON
EACH NEW ACCOUNT TO WHOM
YOU SELL ONE OF OUR LATEST
SALES BOARD ASSORTMENTS.
$5 PAID ON REPEAT ORDERS
FOR THIS DEAL. 1HIS IS A
PROPOSITION WHICH SELLS AT
SIGHT. CO.M.MISIONS DUE AS
SOON AS ORDER IS SHIPPED
WE WANT ONLY HIGH CLASS
MEN WHO CATER TO THE BEST
TRADE. INQUIRERS TO RECEIVE
ATTENTION MUST STATE LINE
CARRIED AND HOW LONG,
CLASS OF TRADE CALLED ON;
TERRITORY AND HOW OFTEN
COVERED. GET IN ON THIS. K.
& S. SALES CO., 154-156 WHITING
STREET, CHICAGO, ILL. 28C
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
From $2 up. All corsets carefully
fitted. Ines Warburton, next Ari
zona Grocery store. Upper Main.
2S2
MADAM CLARK
The WELL-KNOWN CLAIRVOYANT
If you are in trouble of any kind
unhappy, not satisfied in life, have
domestic, love or business troubles
you will be told how to overcome
them all. My record for successful
work during the past year is as fol
lows :
Reunited 163 couples.
Brought about 227 marriages.
Located two buried treasures.
Located 27 absent persons.
Overcome 220 rivals.
Removed 37 evil influences.
Whatever your trouble is, I can help
you.
MADAME CLARK
Hours: 10 a. ni. to 8 p. m., daily.
Golden Hotel, Room 15. 312
ATKlTlii TO Y. JU. C. A. ocnool, Li"s
Augeies," aooui Auto, nauio. mhii
uioiciai ana migineerog courses
iTuin lor service. ii.p
Legal Notices
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(023942)
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 5, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that James
E. Tomblinson, of Garces, Arizona,
who, on Dec 11, 1913, made Home
stead Entry, No. 023P42, lor E. W.
k N. E. Vi S. E. 14. Sectfoa 23, Town
ship 23 S., Range 20 E., G. Sc. S. R. B
& Meridian, has filed notice of inten
tion to make five year proof, to estab
lish claim to the land above described,
before W. A. Fowler, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Tombstone, Arizona, on the
12th day of November, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
G. J. McCabe and Milton Clark, both
of Hereford, Arizona.
W. L. Aston and H. W. Clarkson,
both of Garces, Arizona.
946 JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(024063
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 5, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Lloyd L.
Stewart, of Don Luis, Arizona, who, on
January 13, 1914, made Homestead
Entry, No. 024063, for Lots 1. 2, 3 and
4. S. y, N. W. Section 29, Township
23 S.. Range 24 E., G. & S. R B. &
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make three year proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jar;d TJ. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 12th
day of November, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Carl Fuller, of Dan Luis, Arizona.
Minnie Duffy, of Don Luis, Arizona.
Thomas J. Spaulding, of Bisbee, Ari
zona.
Harry L. Grenard, of Lowell, Ari
zona.
943 JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE
UNITED STATES FOR THE DIS
TRICT OF ARIZONA.
No. B-36 Tucson. In Bankruptcy.
In the Matter of Samuel A. Butler,
Bankrupt.
To the Honorable Win. II. Sawtelle,
Judge of the District Court of the
United State for the District of
Arizona.
Samuel A. Butler, of Bisbee, in the
County of Cochise, and State of Ari
zona, in said District, respectfully rep
resents: That on tho 12th day of Sp ruber.
last pust. he was duly adjudge! bank
rupt under the Acts of C'onsrt.-..s ri
lating to bankruptcy; tlia'. in- lias duly
surrendered all his properly and
rights to propTty, and has fully com
plied with all the requirements of yaid
Acts and of the orders of the court
touching his bankruptcy.
WHEREFORE HE PRAYS that he
may be decreed by the court to have
a full discharge from all debln prov
able against his estate under raid
Bankrupt Acts except such debts as
may be decreed a?.?inst bis fstaie
under a full discharge from a!l ;!eots
provable apainst his estate un l' r saiJ
itankdupt Act, except such del:ts us
are excepted by law from such dis
charge. Dated this lGili dav cf October,
A. D., 191S.
SAMUEL. A. BUTLER. Uaukiunt.
ORDER OF NOTICE TIIKKEON.
District of Arizona.
On this 22nd day of October. A IV,
191S, on reading the foreoiii I" ti
tioii. it is
ORDERED BY THE COURT, that a
hearing be had upon the baiue ou the
1 2nd day of December, A. D., 1918. be
fore said Court, at Tucson, Arizona, in
said District, at ten o'clock in the
forcn.ou; and that notice thereof be
published in The Bisbee Review u
ui'.v paper printed in said District,
j and that all known creditors and oth
er persons in interest may appear at
:the said time and place and shov.-
I cause, if any they have, why the pray
ier cf said petitioner should not be
granted.
AND IT IS FURTHER ORDERED
BY THE COURT, that the Clerk shail
at least thirty days prior to said date,
send by mail to all known creditors
copies of said petition and this order,
addressed to them at their places of
residence as stated.
WITNESS the Honorable Win. H.
Sawtelle, Judge of said Court, and the
seal thereof, at Tucson, in said Dis
trict, on the 22nd day of October, A.
D., 1918.
MOSE DRACHMAX, Clerk.
By EFFIE D. BOTTS, Deputy Clerk.
(Seal of Court.)
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(023139)
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 5, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Daniel
McGowan, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on August 19, 1913, made Desert Land
Entry, No. 023139, for S. W. N. E.
'A, S. E. U N. W. 14, N. W. U S. E. 14.
N. E. i S. W. 14. Section 7, Township
24 S., Range 22 E., G. & S. R. B. &
Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to make final purchase proof under
Act 3-4-15, to establish claim to the
land above described, before Jared D.
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 14th day of November,
1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James L Brooks, of Bisbee, Arizona.
Charles McGowan, of Bisbee, Ari
zona. Dayton L Graham, sr., of Bisbee,
Arizona.
Dayton L. Graham, jr., of Garces,
Arizona.
941 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(02S401)
Department of the Interior
C. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 5, 1918.
Notice i3 hereby given that Minnie
Duffy, of Don Luis, Arizona, who, on
January 2, 1915, made Homestead
Entry-. No. 026401, for Lots 6 & 7, S. 14
S. W. 14, N. W. S. Wr. 14, Section 29,
Township 23 S., Range 24 E., G. & S.
R. B. & Meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make three year proof, to
establish claim to tha land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commisisoner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 12th day of November, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Carl Fuller, of Don Luis, Arizona.
Lloyd L. Stewart, of Don Luis, Ari
zona.
Thomas J. Spaulding, of Bisbee, Ari
zona.
Harry L. Grenard, of Lowell, Art
zona.
944 JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(026789)
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 5, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Isaac E.
French, of Hereford, Arizona, who, on
Feb. 18. 1915, made Homestead Entry,
No. 026789, for N. , Section 25,
Township 22 S., Range 21 E.. G. & S.
R. B. & Meridian, has filed notice cf
intention to make three year proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 13th day of November, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Sherman J. Beats
Jacob J. Karlen.
Alfred Bailey.
William A. Lylh, all of Hereford,
Arizona.
945 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(023275)
Department cf the Interior
U. S. Land OfHcetat Phoenix, Arizona,
October 5, 191S.
Notice is hereby given that Pearl E.
Voohces, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on September 5, 1913, made Home
stead Entry, No. 023275, for S. E. 14.
Section 28, Township 22 S., Range 21
E., G. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make five year
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before J. D. Taylor,
U. S. Commisisoner, at Bisbee, Ari
zona, on the 13th day of November,
1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
W. A. Lyth, of Hereford, Arizona.
A. J. Voohees,' of Hereford, Arizona.
L. A. Boedecker, of Turner, Arizona.
J. E. Nelson, of Bisbee, Arizona.
942 JOHN L. IRVIN, Recorder.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona,
October 19, 191S.
Notice is hereby given that Manuel
Larranaga, of Garces. Arizona, who,
on September 29, 1915, made llo:nu
stead entry, No. 02843;. for S. 14 N.W.
14. N. 14 S. W. U. Section 34. Town
ship 2S-S.. Range 21 E., G. & S. R. B.
& Meridian, has filed notice of int"ii
tion to make Three Year procf. to es
tablish . claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared O. Taylor. U. S.
Commissioner, at liisl.ee, Arizona, en
the 2;th day of November. 191S.
Claimant naiiies as witnesses1:
James F. Kelly, o'. Garces, Arizona.
Charles A. Martin, of Lowell. Ari-
zona.
William Ryan, of Hen ford, Annua.
Groige L Dunn, of Sl.irk, Arizona.
JOHN L. IRWIN. Register.
PLAY SOCIALIST HYMN.
AMSTERDAM. Oct. The famous j
bells of the Kremlin at Moscow nowj
chime the Internationale," th? social-1
ist hymn, afternoon and iiif.'ht. In the'
muniing a liussiin socialistic hymn is
played.
i lii:e result ct Kusoline con -eratic).i,
(apparent to all v.lio are more than JO
j ytars old. is that Sunday seems like
! Sunday. .New York World.
WOMAN IN OVERALLS
SEEN AT SHIPYARDS
'cf
5 i
Je
v
. 1 it
' H .Mr
n
MS
Woman worker at Newark shipyards.
The woman in oil-soaked overail3
has made her appearance in the
Newark, N. J.. shipyards. She has
not yet joined the riveters probably
she never will but she h::s entered
the machine shop. The Submarine
Boat Corporation started the experi
ment. ITALIAN POET BEST
AVIATOR HIS NATION
BOASTS, AN ANOMOLY
GABRIELE DANNUNZIO, POET,
NOVELIST AND DRAMATIST,
DOES THE SUPPOSEDLY IMPOS
SIBLE BY BEING AIR STAR AT
ADVANCED AGE
LONDON, Oct. 26. (Correspond
ence of the Associated Press.) The
air exploits of Gabriele d'Annunzio,
the Italian poet, novelist and dramat
ist, have taken a strong hold on the
Britisti public's imagination, and he
is acclaimed here as one of the
world's foremost figures in aerial war
fare. The London papers, which re
cently have been devoting consider
able space to the daring Italian, ex
press surprise that a man of his age
and temperament was able to make
so remarkable a success as an airman.
Few expected, the Daily Express says,
that the "dandy Roman poet" would
become an air fighter after passing
his 50th birthday.
Above all, it is pointed out, he is
an inspiration to his people. His
deeds during the war are known to all
the world, but few outside Italy realize
that he has been the greatest public
orator of his country since' the war
begun. ' His speeches are full, of
prosa music, and the message which
ne dropped over Vienna was written
as only a poet and a soldier could
write.
- D'Annunzio as a squadron leader is
said to be not only fearless, but un
tiring. Routine bombing and chasing
Have no attractions for him. His fer
tile brain is constantly at work de
vising new methods for harrying the
enemy in unexpected directions. That
is why the Austriaus hate him so in
tensely. It is believed here that his fate
would be dire if he fell into the
enemy's hands, and London is quite
ready to credit the story that he car
ries in his tunic pocket a Utile phial
of poison.
RIVER OUT OF BANKS
Bv Review I.ea.seU Wire)
ASHEV1LLE, N. C. Oct. 26 French
Broad river is out of its banks in this
section as the result of a heavy rain
fall in the last 24 hcurs. Three tres
tles on the Toxaway railroad have
been washed away and other damage
(lOIlv!.
1 V
Toilet r
Prepnratioria--
pt supply tha v h;lp nature
skincoiiiiitii-.-s ;h n '.rem the
source cf skiri h:a'.;h, rprings
loveliness of nnrural bcr.uty.
Don't ccnf'iss M-.'iicllo Prep
aration. itli rrd -..iiy oirrtM'tir.
Thrv'rediltrrenl. Tncy ,nrnn i vj-ts
ard lucr unuui "Kod Keal"
McDonald's Marinello
Siiop Phone 3C5
ft
h
i
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving tie essential
facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. rvi.
Meets every Friday
night. Moose Hall.
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
R. L GLEASON,
Dictator
7 r, . '
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall
j Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
! brothei s I'rd.ally Invited to attend.
' Hall phuc 11 j.
I C a PLUNK ETT, N. G. I
LK.--TEU EUSTACE. Sec'y.'
PYTKIAN SISTERS
j Lily 1tuip:e No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
j month at Odd Fellows HaU. Visiting
sisters are cordially invite.
! MINNIE BLUM. 11. E. C
Fhone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Box 1475
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
. " 'Bisbee Aerie
No. 173. F. O.
E.. meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, 8 p. m ,
Eagles' Hall.
Visitors cor
d i a 1 1 y wel
come. a
PresdenL
J. F
WILMOTH.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
L. EDM UNDSON", Aerie Physician.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead S95, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vich hall. Visitin? Archers are cor
dially invited.
MRS. C. C. F1NLATSON.
Foreman, P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent, Box 1496.
WEEK ENDING OCTOBER 19, 19 IS.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Priday
Saturday
W. W. GIDLEY. W M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y, F. & A. M.
J. W. TOLAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
L O. L. NO. 21a
meets in I. O.
O. F. HaU first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. WM. T. SM1THAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc
Reliable House 19 Branch Stcrre.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE :: BREWERY GULCH
City Dye Works
Cleaning and Pressing
Phone 739 Opp. Y. W. C. A.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
1
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE"
A. OWERS. Mgr., Bakerville
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
Aimiframirfui i
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 1
Knight3 of Pythiai
meets each Tuesday
WW ,exc
except second) in Odd
eio' Hall at 7: CO
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited.
WOOTON. C. C
McCALLUM. K. cf R.
LODGE NO. 671
day of each month. Visiting brothers
Regular meeting first and third Fri
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY, Secretary
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m., Finnish Hall.
D. C. SAXBY, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
OPTER OF EASTERN STAR
meets in Masonic hall
Pearl Chapter, No. C meets
rti in Masonic HaU second and
rourta Tuesday of eacfe
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, W. M.
Phone 161, Box 43, Bisbev
MRS. JESSIE BEVAX, Seo'y, P. a
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com-
Fhone 1CL
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in L O. O. F.
riall First and Third
Saturdays. V i s i t ing
brothers welcome.
S. F. BENTON. Councillor.
F. M. WILLIAMS, Rec. Sec y.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
t. f. a
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vich Hall. Visa
ing membeis cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. President.
MRS C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
5T
tiiyuee v ami. no. 1413.
Meets 1st Saturday
Medigovich Halt
A. L, MOTZ. Consul.
d. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
C H. HOGAR
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 1t
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAR
COLLINS &
BRETHERTOiN
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
Phone 2G Box 1129
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will futnih you ai rsiiraaic
on that job on lwrt notice
11 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1918.
Belg
mm
Saved Us
And Now We
Belgium by Saving
Her Babies
cslliiiR "iVve la France." ilit-n "Vive
la Belgique." - for the first time In j
three years. Those of us who stood j
on the ulatform i-ould only wave to
them, cheering was impossible. j
The boys were livelier than the
girls, the little girls of 10 and 12, in .
charee of four or five brothers or
Must Savejfi8" uc.?fd bi""lJZl"
iiuiuifii iiuc i ' n tan' num.
their parents, because their fathers j
would not work for the Germans, and j
the mothers were willing to let the
children go. rather than to see them
starve. I have never seen anythinsj
so poignant as those little groups of
The comtnision for relier in Belgium, children clinging to the eldest sifter j
commonly called "C. It. B.," is the or- and the brothers as they marched j
ganization credited by Herbert C. down the little street to the Casino.
Hoover, in 1914. shortly, after the It was the saddest, the cruellest sight j
outbreak of the war, for the purpose not one grown-up, just children, lit-
of acting as a medium between the I tie children, marching bravely along.
German imperial government. Great j singing and crying.
Britain, Franca and Belgium, so that As they passed along, the rapatries
the people of that portion of Belgium .on tne sidewalks called to them:
and northern France, within its lines j "Don't cry, you are going to have
of the German army could receive nieat," and the boys shouted: "Meat,
food and clothing supplies from the : D;eat, we are going to have meat,"
outside world. las they matched. Belgian children!
Before the entrance of the United You couldn't believe. Many things
JThe spirit of our American soldiers is v:A
splendid. They admit they long for home
and the folks at home.
CJ But they have a grim determination to see
things through first. They are going to have
arms and ammunition, aeroplanes and etc.
UNITED STATES FOOD ADMINISTRATION LICENSE NO. G-13942
The country is going to supply the money.
Do Your Part!
Cj Buy War Savings Stamps provide the
money to back them up lo it regularly,
every week, until the war is over.
States into the war it had sole charge
of the distribution of foodstuffs,
clothing and other relief supplies in
the occupied territory.
When the United States entered
the war it was necessary for the
American delegates who theretofore
had been within the occupied territory
to depart therefrom as they were then
of course within the enemy's lines
and their places were taken by dele
gates selected by the Dutch and
Spanish ministers.
The American commisison, however,
has still continued to function out
side of the ocupied territories. It still
purchases supplies, arranging for their
flashed through my head. "Seven
cents a day feeds a Belgian baby."
Do vou remember our Belsian com
misison cards at home? Kverythlng
we did or tried to do last year, the
"C. R. B." came back ta me. Here
were some of the children we didn't j
feed, perhaps the long, long line. It,
seemed to stretcn out ior mues ueiore
you. You seemed to see that little
waving line of starving children pass
ing on and over miles of devastation.
As I say, I though of everything
had ever heard about Belgium and hlr
sufferings and I realized that nothing
I had ever heard had given me any
conception of starving Belgian chil-1
transportation to Rotterdam and de- dren. , Some of the C. R. B. men were
livers them at the Belgium border to there; they are Red Cross men now,
the Dutch and Spanish delegates in working like beavers, and yet they
Belgium. felt that sight today as few could.
Mine. Horta, an authorized Belgian They knew what these children bad
woman, traveling at her own expense, come from. You felt glad that Mr.
has organized the "C. R. B.'s" in Ari- Hoover was not there to see that spe- j
zona. She was here in Bisbee bus cial bit of tragedy that he worked so I
owing to the quarantine, could not de- hard to prevent. I understand now
liver her stereopticon lecture upon that look in his face when he talked
the terrible war conditions in the oc- about Belgian children last year a j
cupied territory. deepening of those splendid lines
Mrs. E. E. Ellinwood is chairman about his mouth, that made you fel
of the work in Bisbee. Mrs. T. A. that he would never give up the fight j
Hughes, secretary, and Mrs. G. H. to save Belgian children
Dowell, treasurer, and the following
ladies constitute an executive commit
tee: Mrs. U. C. Bledsoe, Mrs. G. A.
Brige, Mrs. V. L. Butler. Mrs. Frank
Duval, Miss V. Duffy, Mme. Fenchere,
Mrs. Sam Frankenburg, Mrs. W. R.
Gohring. Mrs. A. Houle, Mrs. C. H.
Hunt, Mrs. F. C. Hurst, Mrs. M. P.
Johns, Mrs. R. LaMore, Mrs. N. Pron
ger, Mrs. J. M. Ross, Mrs. J. W. Scott,
Mrs. G. Sherman, Mrs. F. E. Shine,
Mrs. J. F. Sinclair, Mrs. W. J. Spauld
ine. Mrs. E. A. Hovrea, Mrs. C. S.
Thompson.
(Signed) JUNE R. LUCAS.
(Copy of Telegram.)
Washington, D. C,
May 31, 1918.
War Solicitation Endorsement Com
mittee, Care Chamber of Commerce,
Oakland, Calir.
The commisiscn for relief in Bel
gium headquarters in Londan and one
65 Broadway. New York, and branch
office 337 Mills building, San Fran
cisco, is the only organization official-
i ly endorsed by all the belligerent gov-
Below is a quotation from a -letter ' ernments and is the only regularized
describing the condition of the chil- channel for transmission of food,
dren Bent out of Belgium, does it not clothing arid money into occupied
melt one's heart? I Belgium and northern France. I have
My Dear : j never authorized the use- of my name
I thought I had told you all I in connection with any other organiza
haven't in some ways I have not be- tion or committee carrying on similar
gun. Today at 11 was the most dra- work for Belgium or any other Euro
matic, the most thrilling moment of pean country and as far as I can
a;i 650 Belgians arrived on the morn- ascertain no other organization ex
Ing train. It was indescribable; all cept the Red Cross has official recog
these little children, thin, sickly look- nition from the American government
ing. alone, all of them between the nor can any other organization trans
ages of 4 and 12. It is impossible to mit clothing, food or money direct,
picture it to you. Those poor children 1 . (Signed) HERBERT HOOVER.
GROSS COUNTRY MAIL
DELIVERY BY TRUCK
PROVES. SUCCESSFUL
GOVERNMENT EXPERIMENTS
MEET WITH SUCCESS WHICH IS
GRATIFYING TO POSTOFFICE
DEPARTMENT AND ARE SUB
JECT TO FURTHER EXPANSION
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26. Cross
country operation of mall carrying
motor trucks, tried out by the post
office department on an experimental
but nevertheless big scale during the
last year, has been a great success.
James I. Blakslee, fourth assistant
postmaster general, has found that
one truck route between Philadelphia
and Washington, cutting chiefly
through territory without direct rail
connection and costing $800 a month
to operate, has In eight months de
veloped a revenue of $16,0no monthly.
Another route. Into Washington,
where 28 parcels a day were moved
during the first month, now shows
one ton of traffic each way each 24
hours.
Seventy lines now operate over the
country, all but one east of the Mis
sissippi, and there are visions of a
system which will furnish f.360,000.
000 annually In revenue for road con
struction or other purposes.
"Why, Gen.Pershing has 9 .000 trucks
damaged or ruined over on the other
side," said Mr. BlakRlee, tolling of
the growth of the system. "I don't
care what condition thev are in. We
want them all. and can fix up and put
every one of them to work. What's
even more Important, he's got some
boys over there shy a hand, or an arm,
or a leg, and we can use them all, too.
In good work at good pay, that they
can do. Congress gave us $300,000
to work with, and if we had the earn
ings of the lines themselves, we could
expand almost indefinitely. As it is,
$9.0ft(J,000 will be requested by the
division for next year, and I think it
will be appropriated. People realize
what we are doing.
"Operating at night is the most
profnble, and we have but two ma
chines doing that, out of New York.
The typical route Is about ISO miles
Ion?, 90 miles out, and 90 miles back.
"Almost always the constant opera
tion of the lines produces a return
load, the universal character of the
mail service allowing "almost anything
to be taken. The mail trucks go.
come rain, storm, or anything, and sd
the traffic develops. Rates are also
pretty high, the lowest being about
$20 a ton. That is what makes the
surplus revenues.
"Of course, we'll have to have con
crete roads, but the business can pro
duce the money to build them. There
are some economics in distribution of
produce that are simply ama$ng. It
has added an entirely new factor to
transcontinental transportation, and
we shall just begin finding it out when
more extensive operation goes into ef
fect during the next two years."
Just why Mr. Blakslee sees it that
way can be understood from just one
commodity price list. Milk retails now
in Washington at 17 cents a quart.
Milk is coming in on mail trucks di
rect to consumers for 10 cents a quart.
Naturally the trucks are being
weighed down with 5-gallon cans as
consumers learn of the possibility.
The trucks tap milk-producing terri
tory that outside milk-producing terri
Hnes. and off the rail arteries.
"Whcre'Il the roads come from to
run 9.000 trucks?" he asks. "Well,
there are 6,000 rural mail and star
routes being operated in the United
States now. Sometimes I think every
one of them would make a truck line.
Food is being handled ten times on
Its way to a consumer. We can cut
hat to five.
I "Watching these figures, since De
cember, when we started, has given
me a new sort of inspiration. We
shall be moving the mails and mails
will include a whole unexpected va
riety of things in new modes before
the generation finishes. Airplanes for
the thousand mile distances, trains for
the 500 miles, and trucks for the 250.
That's about the schedule."
What wHl those German ships
carry, which are being built for trade
after the war, and where will they
carry It? Boston Herald.
40 SUCCESSFUL YEARS
IMPURE AND POISONED BLOOD
NO LONGER TERRORIZE
THOSE WHO KNOW OF
"NUMBER 40"
This is the record of the famous old
prescription known as "Number 40 For
The Blood." Successfully employed
In diseases of the glandular system, in
Mood poison, mercurial and lead pois
oning, chronic rheumatism, catarrh,
constipation. indigestion, stomach
trouble, malaria, toxic poisoning, hepa
tic congestions, scrofulous enlarge
ments, sores, ulcers, mercurial an
lead poisoning. "Number 40" Is made
by J. C. Mendenhall, 40 years a drug
gist, Evansvllle. Ind.
Sold by Central Pharmacy, Bisbee.
Arizona.
Wnmon c
'j til V 1 . u VA
13. flWNiOfc'
Mm s
Q)UR BUYER has been unusually careful in her selection of garments
Wm for the ensuing season. We have been careful of the fabrics, care
ful of the tailoring, careful of the styles themselves. The result is a dis
play that is more interesting and important than any we have had in years.
Attractive Suits
We feel sure that in our dis
play of suits you will find one
that will appeal to youj above
all others. The showing em
braces virtually every suit fash
ion that has won the approval of
smartly dressed women. Vel
veteen suits are among the most
popular and are to be seen in
all the principal colors, navy,
purple, brown, myrtle and plum.
These are very rich looking and
"well tailored. Frices range from
$39.50 up.
mm 1 Pk 7
v y
XV,
Distinct Innovations
! in Winter Coats
,' Nearly all the styles are dis-
j tinguished by the simplicity,
which in many models is relieved
; with handsome collars and cuffs.
Plush and furette coats, some
trimmed with beaver plush, oth-
) ers with self colors, $30. io $35.
Furette & Seal Stoles
Some are belted and made
with pockets and li?ht silk lin
ing, round and straight effects,
? 2 4 yards long.
Price $8.95 to $19.50
Women's Zibiiine Cloth Coats
These are very fine weave and come in
WOMEN'S DRESS SECTION
. , . . ,j In this department we have wool rseya, series and satins; combina-
ill the wanted colors, trimmed t- of c,; nri .olwrr. :n tri( latr mnnrferin A 1 t;0f.t
in velvet, with long collars. Then ycu will like their perfect tailoring and panel iires. Special emphasis is laid upon the high quality of these gar
general air of richness and beauty, special $22.50 ir.enrs. Come in sizes to 44. Special $16.50 and $24.75
Silk Dresses
POPLIN SUITS
All wool poplin suits, in the newest creations:
. , ... , . . . I , , j hanosomely trimmed and belted effects,
.You 11 tall in love witn these dresses at iirst n er,
. ! $27.50 $32.50 $39.50
sight and their attractive price will make it easy j SWEATEES
for you to acquire one of them. Satin and georg- j The sIip oyer kind for women and chiHren,
ette combinations, sizes 44. Special $16.50 Price $2.95 up
J! . ! rTi t
SMART BLOUSES
The blouses shown in our ready to wear de
partment this season are far superior in ap
pearance to the "shirt waist" of old. Georg
ettes, of course, are most popular, but they
are often combined with satin or crepe de
chine. You can buy lovely waists here in
white, flesh and seasonable colors for very
reasonable prices.
Velveteen Coats
You will see in these coats an abundance of
smart fashions and are truly the correct thing
for fall and winter wear. Black, navy, green and
and brown. All sizes up to 44, special.. ..$20.00
Millinery
THE HOME OF GOOD CORSETS
After ycu have purchased a corset here, you will understand what su
perlative corset satisfaction really means, for all of these corsets are high,
comfortable, plastic and snug to fit.
Cold Weather Underwear
Outing flannel sleeping garments for women,
misses and children. Gowns, pajamas, paj unions,
and children's sleeping garments with feet, also
some hoods for out door sleeping, in all white,
striped and flowered.
SECOND FLOOR
Millinery styles this season are more var
ied and more novel in design that they have
been in several years. Some of the lots we
are now showing are designed along com
paratively simple lines, but the majority are
more ornamental.
We have a wonderful collection of un
trimmed hats you'll find it a very easy mat
ter to select from the varieties presented.
BARGAINS IN FANCY SILKS
The new silks embrace a display of superlative merit, comprising ever
new weave, every popular shade and patterns 35 inches wide, in taffetu
and messaline, we have taken our broken lines and placing them on sale
tomorrow, special , $1.45
QLrtOP FOR MEN, WOMEN
OnOeS AND CHILDREN
You cannot be happy unless your feet are comfort
able. Our shoes are designed on scientifically per
fect lines to give utmost comfort, they are made of
choice leathers to give service, they are fashionable
and good to lock at, prices reasonable, too.
DtOVeS, RANGES, He;
GAS AND COAL
;aters
The' sale of the winter necessities held here last
Wednesday was one of great satisfaction, both to
ourselves and the purchasers. Our salespeople were
kept busy from 9 a. m. till 6 p. m., which shows con
clusively the merit of the merchandise at the prices
they were sold. Having, as we told you then, that
we received several carloads of these ranges and
stoves and heaters, it gives us still another opportun
ity to supply you without the assortment being
broken.
Wood heater, special $2.00, $2.50. $3.25, $4.75. $6 00
Coal heRters $7.75, $10.00. $12.00, $13.00. $16.00, to $60.0?.
Coal ranges, special $30.00. $40.00. $52.00 up to $75.0"
das and Coal ranges, special $67.50. $72.50. $78.50, $97.50
Oil Stoves, special $5.00, $6.25, $8.50, $10.25
y
J 1
SILK POPLINS
Thirty-six inches wide, an exceptional
I quality, 'at the price, the colors are navy,
wisteria, rcse gray and black, yd $1.25
Bargain Booth Specials
EZrVI
Patent leather belts that will not crack or
peel off -and will give you positive satisfac
tion, 2'2 to 3 J2 inches wide. Value $1.25;
to $1.50; in red, khaki, blue and black. On
sale Monday and Tuesday, special 75c
1 r
I mm
Collapsible Dress Forms
KNITTING YARN
We are offering a limited
minta., t U I . . . 1 : , . .
These are the well-known Acme Brand, mrrt -f . i r i .
only a few more left, it will pay you to se- 8we helmets, and sox in
cure one now. khak; on,y ,afge sjze hanks
$16.50 value $13.50 $1 qq
$18.00 value $14.50 Z
- - j Women's GLOVES
Novelties m Neckwear L M u u
Most women who have
We are showing a wide variety of styles bought gloves here in the past
in women's neckwear, showers of lovely will come to us this season.
collars and neck pieces of every sort at prices why? Because they get good
you can easily afford to pay. j values and trustworthy quality
I