So1
TWO SECTIONS
Twelve Pages
nni
4 -"r '
Associated Press Special Leased Wice Service.
VOL. 20. No. 253.
THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 31, 1918
PRICE FIVE CENTS:
site
f
Y
1
I40NTDIDIER IS90 DIVISION
NEW 6B
OF !1 T!
Prussians Press Forward on
Wide Front But Determined
Resistance of French
Checks All Attacks.
WITH THE FRENCH
F RANCH. Friday. March
Associated Press). The
ARMY IN
n't (By the
impression
tonight among the troops lighting
along the front is thai tti- battle will
develop i;.to a Iocs struggle similar
to those at Verdua and th first bat
tle of the Sonime. The Germans are
making strenuous efforts to bring
their h?avy artillery forward to sup
port their infantry, which has borne
the brunt of the whole engagement
thus fir. It is considered probable
that they will make another formid
able rush wit a all .thir available re
serves out i.'.e a urU iuu.m-.mr. .
view Ae future with confidence They
regaru ine h.iuauun as n u, '"a decisive conclusion will be an ad
satisfactory and believe that the only ,
change will be toward improvement.
The Germans now occupy a sort of
pocket in the Frai.co-Dritish lin
which leaves tiicm open to nans ai -
tacks. Fcr this reason they extended
their aitaciing lines to the eastwari j
of Arras for the purpos3 of smaoth-:
ing out a sharp salient, but in order
to be succeKS.'ul they would be com
pelled to pay a heavy price. Whether
they will be able to afford this aft?i
the extremely heavy losses they have
sustained is for them to judge.
Use Many Divisicns
They u?d up a larger number of j front and the blow has mainly fallen
divisions Y-.f their reserves than they j on the British. . .
foresaw r.-;ld be netcsajirj to niake "News that heavy rains are falling
the prcfiefs tt-.e have already gives hope that the German advance
achieved, for t'-ie resistance of the j will suffer from the same cause that
British t.us unexpected, considering j brought the British to a standstill on
their immense disparity of numbers t their last extensive advance in the
as compared with the attackers. j same region. The Germans are cum-
The front now extends approximate-1 PIed to bring up artillery and su
ly 55 miles and tb? Frencli occupy I plies for the troops through a coun
the lineTto within a few kilometers i "7 which is ploughed up by the most
south of the Sunime river. Kvery- j intense shell fire, while the allies
where the French and British are 'have firm ground behind them. An
workin? in complete harmonv. hold-, announcement that the king visited
ing their newlv xx-cupled positions the trooP3 ln the field was 8 Pleasant
with wonderful' tenacity. (surprise to the P"Ple.
The Germans are advancing in twoj
directions, namely toward Amiens and GERMANS THROWN BACK,
beyond Montdi'lier. but appear 101 Review leased Wire '
have slowed doww their ciforts in) LONDON, March 30. The Germans
the direction of Amiens and to have! forced their way into the village of
thrown the preater part of their force 1 Oemu'in this morning, but were held
around Montdidied. wher;. however, up at the western cutskirts of the vil
tliey encountered determiued resist-lag according to the statement issued
ance from tne French, who even re-jhy the war office tonight, which also
gained sonii ground by counter at- reports strong enemy attacks on the
tacls. I line a short distance south of Arras.
Ooutline of Situation 1 The statement reads:
. . ... , ,. ... , 1 'North of the Sonime, after a short
A rough ci.il.ne or the position to- terd tne baUle broke out
day rollows: - afreph tijja moTninR
The French are holding strongly j "The enemy repeated his costly and
aolng the Oise canal and river. Thence unsuccessful assaults both in the re
southward of Noyca the front passes i Ki0n of Boierey and Boyelles and im-
": t "fLLrr
""V"" 1
root f t h - lino dt Vl t'i " h U&t.
" . , " '
ward of Montd.dier. Then the line
urns north through Gratibus and rol-
" ' !
It goes by Hamel. crosses the Sorame :
near Pallly Le S?c. passes westward
of A;bert and Beaumont-Hamel. ani j
(Continue on Page Six).
Itr A TlTtr TTTTT n T A TITIO T f T f 7 TTJ T
II A IX 1 MI X HIjA XfcS 1 31 111 IX 1 1
(By Review Lease.! Win-)
LONDON, March 30. The Brit
ish orficial report on aviation
reads:
"During Friday morning low
clouds and rain greatly interrered
with Tying, but in spite of the
weather, valuable work was ac
complished by our airplanes. O'.tr
machines concentrated their er
forts on the battle area south of
the Souime where observers prev
iously had reported large columns
of the enemy advancing from the
east. Many bombs were dropped
and thousands or rounds or am
AMERICANS SINK SUBMARINES
LONDON, March 30. Encount
ers in which American destroy
ers sank German submarines are
thus described in accounts of suc
cessful submarine battle publish
ed today:
"The first American destroyer
sighted the enemy submarine on
the port bow and proceeded at full
speed in the direction of the
enemy, who submerged. The
AmerioHn officers conld see the
enemy's wake, which showed he
was running underneath the sur
face rrom starboard to port. As
the German passed the stern or
th American Imat. the latter
(Xropped a depth ciiarge. The
MCE ENGL
KIN OFFENSIVE
' Eritish Optimistic Because
j Enemy Assaults Checked
Despite Half Hun Armies
Used in Ten Days Battle.
(Bv Review Iea.wl Wire)
LONDON, March 30 The wefk
j ends with a feeling of optimism, which
nas Leen progressively growing uunu,
the last three days, over the prospects I
of the battle in France. While the i
first (treat crisis is past and the en-j
emy is nela lor ine lime nemg, mer'j
is not belief that he i beaten unless
some factor like the weather should
bar his further attacks.
The country is prepared for anothe
and perhaps more than. one desperate I
assault upon the allied lines before
Amiens and Paris.
Sinec the German higher com man I
, arinounced 10 the people that this
i lhe detigiev tattle any other than
mission of defeat.
The press association tonight says:
"la London the view is held thai
, n((nh Qf tne Somnle the British post
,ti is soiidifvin' verv ranidly.
1 . . . u
D. Illy UJ I t.'l IVIWIla
"eV now are pacing our troops by
fresh divisions in that sector and
there Is not anxiety on account o!
that part of the front. The German
plan of dividing the French and Brit
ish armies has failed absolutely.
"Roughly speaking, the enemy up to
now has brought up ninety divisions
nearly half of his crmy on the western
,'y "orln"' ln? ?.omm?
a assauus aenvereu in con-
,'.1 V.l . :. 1 r i.
p.uc.au.o biictuSiu aim uu lies.. nciul dispatch rroiu France today
troops, were thrown back with heavv;af,i-
losses to tue enemy and our position,!
miai. c iuuh a uu.i.Mc.
of prisoners.
Hun Offense Checked.
"A heavy bombardment or our
I fPominnert a,i i
, " '
munition were fired upon these
columns.
"A great deal of fighting took
place, the enemy's low flyine ma
chines being particularly active in
this area. Nine hostile airplanes
were shot down and two were
driven down out of control. Two
of ours are missing.
"During the night over 12 tons
of bombs were dropped on Ra
paume and roads in the vicinity
and alsom roads and village! east
or Arra.
"Directs hits were obtained on
ammunition dumps and transport
and railway ilnes. One of our
machines is not yet located."
w-ake which, had been plainly visi
ble on the starboard never ap
peared on the port side or the de
stroyer. Instead, large quantities
of oil came to the surface.
The second American destroyer
engaged In night convoy duty
sighted an object a mile cway by
the light or the moon. Full speed
was ordered, but the submarine
dived while the American was still
a few hundred yards distant. Two
depth charges were dopped rnd
oil came to the surface. This sub
marine was apparently lying in
wait for ano'her convoy which
was approaching from an opposite
direction.
"HE IS HI SEX"
)
ill ri,i b-w AA
' v 4. :f V I
j u: '!54!.;i
in- , . - .i
&5
ti lift in nUiir aWv fnmilinr
ftoinb of the Savior of those who came
the Anpel before Wary Magaalene
as He had foretold."
r ?
ENEMY LOSSESlTIOiL WAR
ARE ENORMOUS LABORPROGRAM
Report Reaching Washington j
Tells How Huns Strip Alii
Bodies of Clothing Which
Is Rushed to Rear.
(Hv Review I-easert Wire!
WASHINGTON, March 30. Regard-
ing the losses sustained by the Ger-,
mans in the battle m Ficardy, an or-
At though as yet our information 1
; Js very incomplete it is certain tna.
! tne eGrman losses i the battle of the
Soinme-have been enormous. Prison
de-iers who were tmestioned on the 25th
OI -arcii reponeo ior eiampie iaii
: me com ui miuii vi. iiuoimi
thn (ICth Hiciuiftn r T Infant rtT nfla fl .
mosl compieieiy auinuiiaieu u.iu uu.
the 206th division sufrered heavily. ,
i j i.c juices a.c imrnj uuc
chine guns, w hich installed w ith
temiineu men in sneu noies, mow .
down to the very last the dense en-
emy formations.
"The bodies of both friends and en-
emies are striimed as soon as possible
bv the Germans and lert entirely nude. I
The hnotv thus obtained bv seiziire the !
. . .1
enn nment and clothing is coliectea
and sent to the rear ao great is the ! hoards in the Industrial centers to deal !
scarcity of clothing and leather. ; immediately with any controversies;
"The prisoners when questioned do. 'hat might arise. Principles and pol-
not conceal their amazement at the'icies to govern the relations of work
very small number of English and ' and tkeir employers in war Indus-
French dead which they passed in the i tries were agreed to as follows: j
houis of the drive's progress. Finai ! "There shoiid be no strikes or lock-i
ly they admit the great surprise of! outs during tha war.
their command Is the resitsance of the ! "The right of workers to organize in
allied troops. They had in fact, prom- j trade unions and to bargain collectiv-
.... ... . 1 .. I . v. -V. . . : i .
lsed them that all would ie over in
i few iavs." I
WATCH FRENCH DRIVE
Ht- Kview leased Wire)
W ashington. March 30.
Offi-:
cials here tonight awaited with intense
I interest more detailed reports of the
eGrman drive against the French in
the region or Montdidier. Conflicting
' reports to the French embassy lute
today from Paris and issued by the
'Hritish war office in London early to-'
night left the situation in doubt. j to join their organizations nor to rn
, An official dispatch to the French t duce employers to gargain or deal
. embassy saying French reserves had
stopped the German advance on a 25-
: mile front from Lassigny to Moreu.l
' caused elation and were taken by or-
; ficers to indicate the German army ,
was rapidly losir.g its driving powv.
.A rew hours later, however, the Bril l
ist! war oit;ee statement tola or tne,
(C'Hitiniie.) fn P:iire Sll
V' t?LJ
4
"5 v '.
v Ofe. -'-'v'M
to tr.nnv. illustrate the visit at the
in search of him, the appearance of
and the resurrection, lie arose again
Government Mediation Which
Prevents Strikes Js Plan of
Board Whose Findings Are
Announced by Wilson.
Rv. Review 1-ease.t Wire
WASHINGTON, March 30. An
agreement that there shall be no
strikes or lockouts during the war an.'
U1 .UCM.U13 UU....fi IUC
a recommendation that all industrial
disputes be sett'ed by a government
mediation body are the principal pro-
; vinions of a national war labor pro-
Van. projected by representatives of
i capital and laboi and made public to-
njBnt by Secretarl or Labor Wilson
The program was drawn up by six
rpnrpepiiifli 1 vp ni raniiai kit nr nnnr
... - m .
ana two nien representing the public
after conferences lasting for more '
man a m.intn Thn .inline renreseni-,
de-'atives were former president Tart an l ;
Frank P . Walsu.
. . ...... !
Board to Mediate.
The mediation body, will be known ,
s ' nationaf war labor board to be !
made up as was the board that Pre-i
pared the program.
T n .1 i ;. : u 1 i. l . l
" .u.i.uu iuno nuu.u .3 iwa.
a;. iuiuku iuuwu reinrsruiaiivn., is
re-ognizeu ana artinneu.
"The right of employers to organize
in association or groups and to bargin
; collectively, throueh chosen reDresent-
atives. is recop-i.aed and affirmed
- fir Vs.v-
- i.t.im.-oea snnn n nui i iai larvn
iheir rlht tn ,.r,-:.nize hall not 1
coercive measures to induce persons i
therewith. II
Same Pay For Women.
"Established sagefuards and regula-
Hons for the protection Tor the health
and safety or the workers shall not
be relaxed.
"ir it shall become necessary to enl
ploy women on worn ordinarily per-
(.'..nti.iu.f on Paije Si)
workers for membership in trade un-!8"'' disoiganize the northern British,
ions, onr for legitimate trade union j line- f,'uline themselves ible to
activities advance only 8t--p by step at great
"The workers, in the exercise oficcst in their thrust along the Sonime
ITEUTON K
FOR ARRAS IS
EXPECTED SOON:
English. Front Quieter Thanj
on Any Frevicus Day.Dur-!
ing Great Attack as Hun,
Forces Press Frencli. j
Hv f:i.-w l-:.sl Wire
WITH THK MUTISH ARMY IN ,
FRANCE. March 30. The wheels of
the war mill continued to turn slowlv
j on the British batllefront tinlay. al
though there are many indications that '
intense speeding up may come at any ,
moment. I
Just south of the Scarpe. near Ar
ras. the enemy late thisforenuon be-
gan a iMnnbardiuent which might easi i
ly pressage another assault on that ."
city. It is written in the books thnt
such an attack w.ll come, but up to the j
'atest reports thete has been no infar.
try action. Farther south on the Brit-:
ish right there was hard local fighting '
about Mezieres and Demuin, which
was a continuance of yesterday's strug-,
gle, but the most important action j
seemed to be taking place on the :
Frer-ch left, wheer it was reported the
Germans were pursuing their furiou; !
attacks. ,
Must Bring Up Guns.
Along the rest of the battle front ;
comparative inactivity continued io
far as infantry righting was concern
ed. This, then, was the status of affairs
on the tenth dayof tKe battle, while
no one can roresec what trend such
vast operations will take, there arc
many things to support the following
interpretation ,or the situation.
For two days past there has been a
cessation along tie major portion o?
the northern front of the bitter war
fare waged at the outset. I'ndoubtedi;-'
this is in accordance with the German
plans, for it was impossible to nhe en-
emy to proceed further without pam-
ing to bring forward his supporting ,
artillery, reorganize his fighting;
. forces and establish communications. ;
.These things now are being accomplish .
ed. The main factor affecting th j
'operations is the question of time. i
In this and in any other olfensive.
delay gives relatively greater advant-.
age to the defense than to the agred-
sors, because the defense may be as-
sumed to have better communications appointment of General Foch as com-1 DRIVE ON WIDE FRONT.
For this reason the enemy must press mamlT of the alii ;d, armies on the! WITH THK' FIIK'NCH ARMY IX
his attack quickly. i western fiont. j FRANCE, M;irch :I0. ifv the Associat-
Change Objective. I In making the announcement tliep,i press.)- The heavv bombardment
The cruicial sector which in th- prPmior saia: i which was in progress 'lai t night wl.en
opening days of the battle lay op- ..For the ,irs, f,.w. .jay9 the ,frnn ; thp correspondent left the front de
posite Albert, the Germans hope to use armv na(, ia!irile(1 pml our line! i veloped to.lav into a genernl bat' le
as a gateway to a westward advance an aUat.k l)Uli 1alarei;ci, 5n ils coi.- aiong the French line from Moreuil to
now appears to have dropped to the tonlratIOIl of troopi, :lnd KUns. the.,Vcnd I-nssignv. Here one of the
(Continued on l'age Six)
War Summary
Many American transpart sections
are' at work bringing up supplies to
the French who are engaged in a
great battle In the southern section
around Mcreuil and Lassigny with the
Germans, wno nave u.-iuercu puwci-
ful attacks.
Balk-d In their efforts to take
ground along the nor.hern side of the
salient they tiave.amen in me aui.-a
in c. mtr uruiuiua uun iv ujin
U.. r,..n-.n o wr 1 vvlna ti!
break tnrougn to ine souiu ; .i auu
south. Alcag a front of 25 miles.
irom .Mcreuil on ine Aire mrr .!
Lassigney. a tremendous battle waged
all Saturday. The German troops are,
from the crown princ?'s army and;
are under the leadership or General
on Hutier. who is sending his men
, . . r.,,.,,,,,,.
following the o'her without ces-'
I sation. I
Counter Attack aGins. j
The French troops have stop-
ped the eGrman and have count-
I er-attacked wuh unvarying sue
I secc. Correspondents on this sec-
tion of the line declare the
' French are using only a small
j portion of the reserves, holding
' the others for a powerful blow at !
I the opportune moment. j
I French troops now are meeting the
i shock of a Geuian attack on a 25
I mile front in what may develop into
; the most important battle fought since'
, the start of th offensive ten days1
'ago.
Foiled at Arras In theattempt,
ta take that place from the Hritish.
toward Amiens, tne wrnians rriaay
n,c
ht turned sotuhward and hurled
heavy masses upon the French in
the Montdidier salient j
Make Slight Gain I
It is here, from Moreuil. ten miles'
northwest ot Montdidier. in a curving
line around the la"er place and east
ward to beyond LassUnv, nearly i if
te'i mil's away, that the Kittle was
n.ting at 1.-st accounts. Violent as
saults w ere delivered upon the French '
I-
(Continued on P-.iko Sl)
I
Canadians Desire
To Enter Battle
Against Germans
CANADIAN ARMY EADQUAR
' TEU3. March S'. (By Canadian
I'.-ess Limited) All units and all
ranks in the Canadian army look
to the ruture and the possibility
of their being embroiled in the of
fensive now raging on their right
flank with high co'Jrage and a
steadfast determination that they
thall he worthy of the dominion
and worthy of the high record of
its forces.
While nothing approaching bat
tlelike activity on the whole of our
front has yet developed our army
has be"n busy i.ay and night. With
moonlight nights there has been
great aerial activity, our planes be
ing busy behinii the enemy lines,
while hostile machines have
bombed villages on our front, in
some cases living so low that
they have swept the streets with
thwir machine guns.
Small parties of French civilians
are to be met with ou the road
moving out of the shell area, but
there is no general civilianevacua
tion and hope and confidence have
increased that the enemy." in his
desperate gamble Tor a decision
has hastened'.his final defeat.
North from Lens to Hill num
ber 70 we gave the enemy anoth
er heavy dose cf lethal gas early
thU morning. No fewer than
lOoO drum were projected on his
rront line communications in the
battle areas. Thirty minutes
later our guns opened up in a bat
tle which lasted for 15 minutes
and swept the enemy assembly
support and front line areas.
p ... i p Ann.,,..
Br.tish Premier Appro es Ap-
-.f r.-k Pan
pomtment ct trench Uen-
eral as Commander of A1-'
lied Armies in West.
r:v Review- I.e:.sM wire!
liONlKJN. March 30. l'U inter
vd George today announotJ the:
; situation was extremely critical.
I Thanks to the indomitable bravery of
inr troops, who gradually s'.emmed
the enemy advance until reinforce -
LLOYD GEORGE
PRAISES FOCHi
: nints couid arrie and our faithru. The French reserves camelnto ac
ally could enter Into the battle. t:i.; tion with the greatest vigor, offering
; situation '3 now improved. The strug-, the sternest resistance. Von Itutiei
' j;!o. however, is only in I s opening ; is utilising the method of attack which
stages and no prediction of Its fu- was successful at Riga, but this time
(Continued on P.ik? Si
MANY TRAINS
(By Review I.eail Wir-
AMSTERDAM. March ."O.Trains
carrying wounded Germans from
the battle front in France are
proceeding continuously along the
frontier between Germany and
'
TEUTONS SAY
(Ry Review Leased Wirel
PERL1X. March 30. via Lon
don. The evening, report from
headquarters says:
"Between the Sonime and the
Oise we made progress in our at
tack." The text or today's German of
ficial statement reads:
"I etween the Sommo and the
Avre we drove out the English
and French troops, which rushed
to their assistance, rrom pnrts or
their foremost positions nad cap
tured lhaucourt and Mezieres.
GERMAN DEAD
(lly Review l.ease.1 Wirvi
LONDON. March 30. The
Morning Post's correspondent In
France draws a gruesome picture
cf battlefield conditions.
"Prisoners state that the coun
tryside is full cf bodies and that
the air is horrible w 1th the odor cf
death." he writes. "Wells can
not be used. The ruined villages
are impossible as billets because
they are strewn wit'i German
dead. There i?re ijr.at piles of
bodies alon? the roads and be
tween them. The enemy only re
cently found time to bury any of
his dead.
BATTLE
FRONT
WfTH GERMANS
GIVING GROUND
Great Counter Attacks
on
Mcreui! - Lassigny Front
Drive Back Enemy Armies
and Exact Heavy ToIL
I
'Hv t'e-, i.-w ti).'1 W!re
PARIS, March ;',0. The battle on
the Moreuil-Lassigny front continued
the whole day and extended along tiO
kilometers, says the war office nn
rie.iinc ment tonight.
The German assaults, multiplied in
force, were increasing, but French
counter attacks every where stopped
tli" onslaught.
The text of the statement follows:
."The battle on the front from More
uil to Lassigny continued all day with
the greatest violence and spread over
a frrnt cf fid kilometers. The Ger
man forces, in spite of enormous loxfs
in their ranks by our fire, have multi
plied ff.eir assaults against our line
J which has been met desperately t,y
our heroic troops, who by their inces
sant counter attacks have stopped ev
ery where the furious assaults of the
enemy.
Village Changes Handa.
"The region or OrvilWs. F'emont
and Fleshier de Rove has been the
theater cf fierce fighting, these vil
lages changing hands reveral times.
Pleniont and in the Park of Flossier
do Hove wore swept bai k again by a
magniCiclent counter attack by our
troops which have re-estahl!shel their
line.
"At certain points masses of th. as
saulting force were taken under te
terrible fire or our artillery and were
fOB.ed to mroat , disIHrdr ,,.uvillv.
t'io rrounj covered with dead anil
wounded. The losses nf ;!.e enemv
'in the whole battle zone will exceed
those of the preceding days.
"Eastern theaters, March 29. The
1 d.iv was (itiiet alomr the whole rront.
where snow and fog have handicapped
. activity."
crown prince's armies, under General
von Hutier. made a series ct sma.sh-
ing assaults aimed at various
points
: an, extending 25 miles.
(Continued on Pase Six)
TAKE WOUNDED
Holland, according to a dispatch
to "the Telegraaf from Kerkrade.
Is h:is bee necessary to replace
hospital cars by freight cars, in
which the wounded lie on straw
an I shavings.
TOWNS TAKEN
Fresh nttaeks against Montdidier
failed. Ayette has been cleared
of enemy forces.
"The situation north of the
Somme is unchanged. The French
fire is completing the destruction
of Lann cathedral, which has been
considerably damaged by lhe con
tinuous bomlmrdme nt.
"Lieutenant fkngart3 brought
down his thirty-second and thirty
third opponents and Lieutenant
Vdet hLs twenty-second.
"In the other theaters of war
there Is nothing new to report."
COVER GROUND
"The spectacle of C.ie battlefield
carpeted with the bodies of their
comrades has affected fresh troops,
who in this way discovered to
their surprise that the British are
not too weak to fight. Frtsoners
say that the British endurance and
ski'l in fighting is delaying the
progress of the Germany army.
"Among hte feats of this Brit
ish endurance may be mentioned
that or a detachment which march
ed eighteen hours. roiiEht through
out one night and hair the next
day. repelled three attacks, twice
rrenptured a certain Tillage and
dug trenches."
ARMIES
OH WIDE TWO
THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 31, 1918.
r
The Ever-Popular Women's Garment Department at"The Fair" Is A 11 a-Bloom
With the-New Spring Fashions Ready With the Very Newest and Smartest Models in a Wonderful Variety
Save and Serve
Thrift implies sustained effort. To
save a quarter today and then stop
helps next to nothing. Save a little
day by day. Don't strain. Save only
what you can. but don't let the habit
die.
' 4
X,
WHEREVER fashionable women congregate, you'll see
the styles of the hour from the Fair Store's popular Wom
en's Garment Department. For patriotic service work, shop
ping, tea, business, informal calls, the school room for ev
ery occasion, you will find garments at this store ad
mirably adapted to your requirements, type of figure and
pocketbook. 1 he garment section 13 like unto a flower garden in full bloom showing all the
smart, new dresses, of handsome serviceable materials, cut and tailored by masters of fashion
that's their secret. "The line's the thing" was never truer than in these new cloth and silk
dresses for Spring!
SUIT STYLES, Eton Models, new tunic effects, swinging panels and those of military in
fluence. "The Fair" store has anticipated the Spring apparel needs of the women of Southern
Arizona and the prices, we believe, are much less than one would expect to pay.
. T
ssew spring
COATS
" DOZENS and dozens of hand
some Coats exemplify the Spring
Modes and tell new style stories
J without words for those who un
jderstand the exquisite voices or
Springtime. The coat stock was
t never quite so wonderful as the
present showing.
I $22.50 Coats
VERY exceptional styles and
values in Coats at $22.50, $25 and
$27.50, of wool velour checks,
French serge and novelty materials.
; with large collars, plain or pleated
: backs, military cuffs and wide belts.
" Very classy and very low priced.
$29.50 Coats
THESE ARE very late arrivals
and are shown in taffeta silk, gab
'' erdine, wool velour. serge, novelty
' plaids and mixtures, long lengths
and smart Prince Chap model;
pleated and gathered backs; coat
" collars, military effects, sailor
; styles and others with silk over-col-'
lars in the smart shades for spring,
$29.50. $32.50 and $35.
$37.50 Coats
COATS that possess all the
smart style and novelty that it is
. possible to incorporate in these
fashionable garments; materials in
clude silvertone, Poiret twills, gab
erdine and velour; distinctive
' styles that will please the particu
. lar woman, $37.50 to $42.50.
$25.00 and $29.50
Tailored Suits
Simple, Practical Wool Dresses
$18.50, $22.50, $27.50 to $32.50
TYPICAL, of the best modern thought of the leading dress makers and designers
are the severely- tailored styles In serge and jersey dresses, as well as those com
bined in a jcxeater or lesser degree with silk or satin, beautifully embroidered in
yarns, silks, etc.- , ; - . ' '
The Eton and Bolerv fffeist plays a prominent part in the more youthful types;
these brightened with; colored cellars 'and vestees; these are: particularly desirable
for business, street or informal wear. All are here for your selection in. all the at
tractive spring colors and shades. . 4 .
VERY EXCEPTIONAL in style, quality and workman
ship are these new suits that we've marked at the moderate
prices of $25 and $29.50. A host of new weaves and color
ings and novelty effects. We have always specialized in mod
erately priced suits, and you will find the values this sea
. I son up to our usual high standard. SEE THEM MONDAY.
Silk Dresses l
$22.50 to $37.50
DIVERSITY is the name of the charm
ingly attractive, dresses represented in '
this wonderful gathering.
STUNNING dresses for street, after
noon and sports wear of taffetas, foul
ards, georgette, crepe de chine, novelty
silks and the many lovely new combina
tions. The various fashion effects includ
Jie Eton, oversklrt, tailored, paneled, belt"
ed and practically every smart novel
creation.
THE STRIKING trimming notes show
in different stages of elaborateness artis
tic embroidery and beading; styles and
models for both misses and women.
Silk and Wool ,
Separate Skirts
WE HAVE Tn"' the stocks of .this wom
ents garment-aectiQi-' ready, tomorrow, a
collection of "women's separate skirts at
popular prices that, in quantity, in varie
ty, in beauty and excellence of fashion, is
second to .none . in the entire Southwest.
' Every style, every color, every merial
that is new, that Is smart, that is attrac
tive, that is wanted by women who want
the very latest and best, is represented.
Wool shirts of serge, gaberdine, gay
plaids, fancy stripes and checks at $8.50
to $16.50; silk skirts of Baronette satin,
silver drip, foulards, satin etole and taf
fetas in stripes, figures, plaids and plain
colors f 10 to $22.50.
Children's and Girls' Colored Frocks
Smart Styles and Attractive Prices
DESERVING OP special mention is our remarkable collection of girls' and
children's dresses; there's a variety of styles and prices, wonder values at $1.50,
$2 and upwards to $4.
HIGH-WAISTED styles seem to dominate the showing for spring. Still there's
the ever popular middy effect and quite a few of the" Icw-belted models; the skirts
are very full, either pleated or flaring, made cf excellent ginghams and percale, in
bright colored plaids, or in combination effect or plain colors that harmonize.
SIMPLE, girlish styles that are just as sure
to have mother's approval 2s they are to please
little daughter all sizes for girls from 4 to 14
years. '
Gingham Dresses
for Girls $1.50
THE MOTHER who buys children's dresses
now, will pay less than those who delay their
purchases; and, mothers who choose from this
splendid assortment at $1.50 each, will make
a very substantial saving, for they are under
priced when you consider their cost if purchas
d on today's market. Made of fast colored
V'liams in plaids and stripes, many pretty
stales, sizes 6 to 14 yeaTS at $1.50.
Lovely New
Lingerie Blouses
. THIS IS a very carefully se
lected assortment of lingerie
blouses of the better sort. They
are made of Tery fine French
voiles, and sheer, filmy organ
dies. Some are trimmed with
dainty hand-embroidery, others
with fine Tal lace, or Venice in
sertion and medallions.
Others represent very new and
attractive combinations of white
with fronts and collars and cuffs
of delicate blue, pink, maize or
lavender and finished with filet
lace; prices range from $5 to
$7.50.
Blouses
$1.49 and $3.95
THESE TWO groups are de
serving of special mention, not
only for the pretty and dainty
Uyles they contain, but the value
they represent is equally ' im
portant and should be emphasiz
ed; made of the sheerest, and
daintiest of lawns,. voile3.. and
hatiste, variously trimmed" wtli
laces, embroidery and tucks. ITn
us'ual value at' $1.45 and' $75.
o The Most Unusual Suits
! $32.50 and $37.50
THE SUITS for which we searched the highways and
byways of Fashion, exercising the full prestige of our
buying power.
THE SUITS that could be called exclusive and priced much higher.
THE, SUITS that manifest all that is good all that is refined all that
is art in designing all that is integrity in tailoring all that the most
discriminating could ask for in quality.
THESE SUITS of tricotine, or gaberdine, of Poiret Twill, of Serge
and other fashionable materials. The Eton, the Pony Jacket, the Long
Coats and also the strictly tailored styles all are very beautiful and rep
resent unusual value at the moderate prices of $32.50 and $37.50.
Inimitable Suit Fashions
$39.50 Upwards to $49.50
THE SPRING TIME has already taken its place as the season of Suit
Popularity and the wonderful suits that are represented in this collection
make it trebly so.
GARMENTS that are proud representatives of the well-known New
York designers closely in toucJi with Paris developments. Noted for
their 4rl?5nality of designs are Suits in Eton. Bolero, Pony, Tailored,
Belted, High-Wfeisted and Semi-Tailored models. Fashioned in the very
materials of the hour and in all the newer colorings.
New BLOUSES for Spring
$3.95 to $16.50
THERE is so much difference in Elouses.
There Is the touch of the artist that gives J
distinction in every one of the small but
very exclusive groups of very fine blouses.
Exquisite, lovely Blouses of georgette
and crepe de chine, in all the new and pastel
shades and suit colors, some trimmed with
very fine Italian filet lace, beaded or hand
em oroidered at $8.50 to $16.50.
SILK
Blouses
A VERY ARTISTIC group of
foulards, pussywillow taffeta,
crepe de chine and wash silks
in plain colors, plaids and stripes
in brillian( and subdued shades;
tailored styles and those that are
lace trimnied or embroidered;
high and low collars,-roll collar
and jabot fronts at $3.95 up
wards to $8.50.
Before the New Gown or
New Suit Can Be a Success
It Must Be Fitted to a Corset
That Is Moulded to
Your Type of Figure
f ir - i
vr a fni,.
V-w."
lit
'1:11,1
ami
a. -14. j til i 1 'h i -I ii'
I Vi;vi; ;-s!j.,
7 2s a
Buy
W. S. S.
Stamps
atThis
Store
AND THERE'S A LA CAMILLE model especially adapted to
your type of figure, and it will have the patented "VENTILf back
and front shield. . V
AND this new feature which ventilates the body adds immeas
urably to the value and comfort of La Camilla Corsets.
THIS CLEVER DEVICE accomplishes a four-fold purpose; It
prevents the flesh from protruding through the laces; Insure
proper and perfect ventilation permits a greater range of adjust
mentsand prevents the laces from marking the flesh.
LA CAMILLE Corsets are here in a variety of new Spring
Models; low busts, medium busts and models for the tall, willowy
figure; made of excellent quality broche in white and figured and
brocaded pink and flesh; priced at $3.50. $4, $5 and $6.50.
Royal Worcester and
Bon Ton Corsets $2 to $10
WE WANT YOU to lake advantake of the splend Corset service
afforded at this store; it can help you and please you.
OUR EXCELLENT corsetieres who are trained and competent
in tiie fitting of corsets, leave nothing to guess, nothing to chance,
take nothing for granted in the fitting of corsets.
THEY WORK with the precision and knowledge or experts. We
carry several of the better known makes or Corset3. and find them
good when intelligently fitted. We have no favorite to urge upon
you. We want you to have the make you like best. You will find
Royal Worcester corsets superior to any other inexpensive make,
priced at $2 to $:!.50. Bon Ton Corsets cannot be excelled in its
fitting and wearing qualities at $4 to $10.
36-in. Silk CQr
Shantungs -JJ
Shantung silk is a sort of a sum
mery weave and always desirable for
pretty smart frocks,' and they are in
much demand this season, ground
:lors of pink, blue, rose, white, navy,
Copenhagen and green, with bright
colored sport figures anil dots; 36
inrhes wide; per yard 69c.
Gabardine Ttf)
Suitings ?YL
SPORT SKIRTS with the new slip
over blouse in a particularly pleasing
fashion for spring, 'and these gaber
dine suitings are just, -the- thing for
making the smartest skirts, they come
in a wide rang! of colorings and pat
terns of stripes, figures and checks,
special per yard 50c.
Summer
Voiles, pUL
THIS WILL announce the new ar
rival of a large shipment of pretty,
sheer, dainty, .afry. summery Voiles,
the most delightful of all summer fab
rics for lovely dresses; the new pat
terns consist of foulard, figured and
floral designs in ipretty springtime
colorings, per yard 39c and 50c.
Fancy
Sat
eens
50c
THESE' PRETTY fancy figured
sateens are much in demand this sea
son, not only for the lining of smart,
swagger coats and jackets, but they
are just as popular for the inside
finish of shopping and knitting bags,
and they are shown in a wide range
of colorings at 50c and 75c a yard.
Kim
n i
i -
Pi. w- . ii i ,-1' , u. ; I -I .ii
JOT
Boys' Washable Suits
Sl'CII A VAST QUANTITY of new tub suits for boys, that mothers
will be (ir-litfued with the showing, middy and Billy boy stjles and
smart belted models.
Cool, comfortable, dsira;ie wash suits of fine chainhray,. galatea,
poplin, ptrrale. iiiip.ie and linen, in all white, plain colors, some in
attractive stripes. heks and pretty combinations; sizes for boys
tn hi 21- 'o 7 y-ari; prired at 85o upwards to to.
New Silk and
Satin Shopping
BAGS
$3.50 to $18
FASHION says"Silk Bags"
Tor knitting and shopping and
we have prepared to carry out
-her insiitonu demands, by as
sembling the greatest and most
comprehensive collection of
novelty Bilk and satin bags
shown by afiy one store in the
Southwest
ALL TUB MEW- SHAPES,
"and they are-many." all the
pretty weaves in miiftrt silks, all
the britht. i rich patterns and
. colorings have found a place in
. this extraordinary assemblage
of "BAGS" that awaits your in
spection here tomorrow.
Most or them have leather
'rame and top. trimmed with silk
tassel, beautifully silk lined and
fitted with coin purse and mirror
ome as low priced as $3.50 and
range up to $1$.
40-Inch
Crepe de Chine $1.75 Yard
v a - . ' . hi.' n ,n Uuiu 1 111.1 0v9.11,, .v
popular silk fabric for spriiiR dresses." being chosen
for street, afternoon and traveling frocks.
DUE to our early purchasing, a splendid stock is
ready here, and a better quality than you would
have reason to expect at the low price of $1.75 a
yard. The color range includes all favored shades
and black and white; 40 inches wide, per yard $1.75.
40-in. Georgette Crepe $2
GEORGETTE CREPE is Fashion's premier silk
for ool mid-summer Blouses and Drpsses scarce
and hard to get but in plenty and all the wanted
shades at "The Fair" store the leading distributors
of silks In the Southwest ' The color range fnrludes
pink, flesh, white, hlaitk. cream, many shades of
blue, gray and tan. apple, sage and Russian green,
lavender, lilac, plum and purple, all shades of brown,
mai.e, yellow, scarlet, maroon, gold, silver, etc.,
$2.00 per yard.
Silk Boot Hose
THREE PAIRS for
. A BARGAIN in silk stockings that should be wel
come news to every noman; silk boot stockings with
lisle top. hi Mark Hiid white, double heel, toe and sole
rhle)i spl eed hi el. deep garter top; on sale Mouday,
llliirx I'AIKa HK l.l'U.
Our Millinery Section Has the Loveliest
Collection of Hats Any Spring Has Shown
$1.00
THE MILLINERY SECTION is full of fascinating creations. fc.very
hat has a personality. An artist has put her dream into each one. Here
is the hat for the debutante, youthful, sweet as a rose bud. The stately
beauty needs this other, like a glowing tulip. For the snowdrop maid, here's
mist of tulle. Graying hair is glorious with silver gray and black. We be
lieve every woman will find her vision of a Spring Hat realized at this
store.
EVERY ultra-smart mode to be worn on informal visits, on dress oc
casions, and in the afternoon and evening is represented here enough di
versity to satisfy all demand. And all so reasonably priced.
Two Special Groups of Hats
Priced at $10 and $12.50
THE PRICE TAG 3 on these hats should be several aoliars more, ac
cording to the designers' markings. And yon would choose theni just as
enthusiastically, too. even if they were marked at the higher figures. But
"The Fair" is known for its superior values in Millinery and so Monday
you will choose from these smart hats at $10 and $12.50; styles for street,
dress and the very popular turbans. Trimmed with lacquered quaills. cire
ribbon, ornaments and flowers.
re
MILLINERY
At $5.95, $6.95, $7.50
THEY ARK SO varied in sweet profusion if any
on" may say that of hats that it almost seems as
though one cught to say. Everything. Everything!
For the assortments at each of the three special
prces really are very laTe, and there are styles for
all faces and all types and temperaments In each
of the three groups are:
TAILORED HATS of lisere. milan hemp and other
braids in every conceivable shape, and novelty.
SPORT HATS and street hats of braids, straw
and fabric ccmMiiations and rihtxms lu many at
tractive aud becoming models all colors and black.
SMART SWEATERS
$3.95 to $25.00
A WONDERFUL group of the most exquisite
lovely j, t vies in these popular silk and fiber silk
sweaters brought out this season.
IN THE BRIGHT, dashing shades or the Spring
time, including watermelon pink, old rose. Copen
hagen. Kelly green, purple, maize and white, as
well as combinations of colors that are vividly
brilliant and daring.
THEY ARE in the smart novelty or sport
models, slip-over styles, with or without collars,
large pockets and some with belts or sashes. And
the prices are not prohibitive, ranging from $3.95
up to $25.
r THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 31, 1918.
THREE
LOWELL RESIDENT TELLS OF,
EXPERIENCE IN TRENCHES;
' PLA YS GREA T GAME OF WAR
jteiest iu the government, iarge or which will knit the nation together a
i small though it may be, help.; to make no other one thing can do
Member of Early Canadian Forces Returns to
Canada, Then Seeks Residence Here;
Has No Regrets Whatever.
H
cme in
itietter citizens. Anvthing that tends
;to destroy or disrupt the government.
I destroys and disiupts the individutl.
and he realizes this more ouicklv when
I his investment is in danger of ln'ing
lost I
O'tr part in the orgmiiiMon of war;
savings societies is t enlist these ad- i
ditinnal 30,000,000 men. women and .
children of America in the greatest
That is the picture to stir every w..r
savings society organizer.
When organizing societies keep thisi
picture in mind. The work you are do
ing is more vital than the raising of
money. It transcends even the reeds
of the war. It builds, for he future,
a citizenry of individual responsibility
founded on individual ownership.
No greater work can be undertaken
School Notes
Dr. Kendall arrived Friday niorr-
inrm Army me woii.i nas ever ,,. ,hiu .0i,iln f,f the ne,.i.le nt m.i
known. We want them as iiwiuVrj of nv ra and crc0(ls t0 business nart-
jwar savings societies ard as owners' " . llie Allie,.ican nation, throueh
Thrift.
The great war In Europe Is a
man s game, one that thrills every
nerve and commands every atom of
courage, but one which one resident
of the Warren District has exjierl
eneed, survived, suffered and ' over
which he has "no regrets none what
ever." although his health has been
Impaired By the hardships of battle
and the wounds he received when serv
ing with the Canadian troops. He has
written of his experiences for his
friends here, and in part his story is
reproduced 'below. He is a resident
of Lowell, and is employed at the
present time in this district.
"To begin with why did I enlist?
That questifin is answered by every
man in khaki, today, further reason is
unnecessary. At the outbreak of war
in August, 1914. men rushed to the
colors and many were turned down
who were anxious to go. v Nobody
could hazard even a guess as to how!
long it would last nut it was the spirit
of adventure coupled with that of a
desire to avenge that drew men into
the service. The terrible victorious
onslaught of the Germans hi the fall
oT 1914 and the succeeding winter
made people stop and think what
would be the outcome should the en
emy succeed in reaching Paris or
Calais. The first 100,000 Kitchen
er's "contemptible little army" they
saved the world from the Hun and
none or practically none remain to
reap their just dues. j
"It was in the early spring of 1915 j
that 1 resolved that my place was'
"over there." How could I ever sub
ject myself to what I thought were im
positions. T.'ie tables were reversed
for I was taking orders from men
whom in civilian life I was over. But
a lasting comradeship sprung up
among the fellows. How eagerly we
took to our short training at Montreal
and we cursed the powers that made
us climb Mount Royal every day, but
we had one thought each man was
trying to perfect himself for that
great day when we wou'd go into the
front line. The daily bulletins only
served to incense us to do better and
lo forget our petty grievances.
Secretly the day of our departure
for England was kept I'ora us. On
the ship it was far from monotonous.
To about 99 percent it was their first
sea going trip and very few were sick.
Ve had the usual life-beat drill and
we imagined we could see submarines
every day. On the 10th morning we
sighted land and we all glad to dis
embark. Our stay at Shorncliffe,
Kent, vu very brief. There had been
heavy losses and draft3 wre needed
to reinforce the line. The i;ht pre
vious to crossing the channel hearts
beat excitedly and last letters were
written home.
On landing in France we were de
tailed for finishing touches back of
the base for about three weeks.
A 25-niile march brought us to the
reserve trench and we knew that we
would relieve the nth battalion the
following night. Under cover of the
darkness we crept up the communica
tion trench, met the fellows coming
out who wished us good luck and at
last we had our ambition realized
we were within a stone's throw of
Fritz. How careful we were the' first
night of our every movement. We
spoke in whisiiers and if everyone felt
like I did, he as lar from comforta
ble. On our second night we had
our baptism of German artillery con
centration on our line. In that short
24 hours we had adapted ourselves re
markably and considered ourselves
seasoned soldiers. During ouf first
'sojourn of 4 days in the front line we
sustained no casualties although sev
eral of the fellows had severe colds:
"A 3-day rest, not altogether a rest
either, for we had stiff drilling to
keep us in shape and back to the front
line again. On this occasion I lost
two of my pals and a keener desire
than ever tq avenge came into my
heart. Most of the boys were young
lads and after drilling, training and
living together under all sorts of con
ditions, we seemed like a huge family
WeekB months passd with nothing
different except a repitition of the first
week. A new draft had arrived we
had lost several two or three each
day and the new chaps brought news
from home.
"Many months passed and June saw
the advance on the Somme. Twas be
ginning to think that I was invulnera
ble and that I was not to be killed or
hurt. . I was mistaken. My friends
were nearly all one. I mean the fel
lows I enlisted with new ones -iad
taken their places. I felt lonely and
longed for something definite to hap
pen. I haj a feeling as if it were go
ing too slow and I wanted action
more a t'on. I had no Idea what these
symptoms portended but I had a sus
picion that if something did not hap
len out of the ordinary pretty goon,
something within me would snap as
I was growing dreadfully nervous. The
incessant roar of the enemy guns and
of our own for 24 hours a day for 3
months was driving me crazy. Ton
thousand Sacramento Hill blasts all
at once, it seemed.
"How cool and comfortable t.'ie lied
felt. Yes, it was a real bed and I
could hear a woman' voice it was
the ward nurse. How did I get there,
how long had I been there, what day
was it and a thousand more questions
I wanted toas-k but I did not have the
energy to PBtUfy my curiosity. I
wanted to sleep and the nurse told me
that I had already slept 3 weeks.
"Three months later I went before
a medical board. The orderly said:
"You got your ticket lad." Imagine
how glad they were to know that even
If I was unfit for further servi-e I
was coming Jio:ne. On the ship there
were 120 of us.
At Quebec we were held up for about
days getting our final papers of dis
charge and then one more lap to go.
Sunday morning at the union depot,
Toronto. God, how my heart did beat
when the bund struck up "Oh Canada '
and as we marched down through the
guard of honor standing at Present
Arms, my hair seemed to stand on end
and I could not keep back the tears,
not of sadness, hut of happiness ih.it
hurts. I scanned the fnces of the
crowd for my people. There was my
sister, but she did not know me as !'
had never seen me in khaki. x' Jiat a
lot of questioas l hey asked me- how
was I how did I feel and ibont the
only thing I cauld say was stinerhing
to the effect tlfat home looted good to ',
me.
"Would I ever leave home again?!
So. never, I promised faithfully. :;ut ,
here I am away down in Arizoaa. not ;
from choice, truly. Often I long for
the old life with its hardships, dangers
and thrills but upon thinking of home
I again banish that thought, and tfcanK
God that I am alive when so many
thousands of other better feilov.-s are
dead. After all is said and done :t is
a man's game and I have no regrets
none whatever."
i of I'nited States secun'iua. The band
ing together of the people of America
for the purpose of systematically sav
ing to helo win lie war .ml, at the
same time, becoMii:'? ever increasing
nouiers or government securities, gives j letin issued
us a vision of ihc people's ownership W.'an.
The Junior High School triple of
Central were greatly disappointed in
not being able to move into the Quali
ty Hill Junior High School on Monday.
On account of the non-arrival of finish
ing material, moving day wus post
poned a week.
I Miss Nelson, the kindergarten teach
er at Central, left for Prescntt this
week where she will be married. Mrs.
Sanders is substituting in her placa.
The winter term of school ciosed on
cently from Pennsylvania for the Hor
' ace Mann and Warren schools.
Mr. Cobler, representing MacMill?n
& Company, school book publishers. ' rate of about thirty each day.
Cal.
ing.
Applications for teachers' positions
for the next year are coming in at the
The al!-
She will resume her position in the
high school on Monday.
Miss Harriet Bartlett. who was as
sisting in the commercial department
at the high school, has been trans
ferred to the Horace Mann Junior
Friday, and promotions will be made, high, where she will teach Spanish
The "cl an plate" Is to be the order Monday. April 1. . and English,
at all mess halls at Camp Funston. : A new room will be opened Annl 1 Mr. Chance, the science teacher In
national army cantonment, says a bul- at Warren to relieve the crowded con- the high school, left Saturday for the
by , Brigadier General ditions in the Greenway school. training camp. His position will be
visited the office on Friday. ; year school of Risbee Is attracting an
Miss Caroline Worley arrived Wed- j exceptionally high class of applicants,
nesday from Cedar Rapids, Iowa, i .
where she has been taking a nost erad-'
uate course In commercial subjects. I ArrVrVAAWVArViA
CATARRH
Or Tri
flnnFR
24 Hours
Laci Cao- x X
sole tlie ytQY)
A car load of slate was received re- j taken by Dr. Kendall of Long Beach, VrVvVVWrWVVYVVyVTrrT
m jmi h n M,MM, in, . J
31
HIGH SCHOOL BIDS
TEACHER FAREWELL
Friday afternoon at 1 o'cloct the
buzzer buzzed at the 3 H. S. and all j
pupils filed i i '.he general af.sei:lily '
in the auditorin!.; .vlier? a ri'ifcrsm!
had been arranged In honor of the de- ;
parture of C. V. Chance Sunday for
training camp. Mr. Chance has been i
a member of thi B. H. S. faculty fori
two years and the entire student body :
and members of the faculty wished i
hlru the best of luck with the hope
that he will come back safely from
"over there." i
The program opened with a selec
tion ly the high school orchestra, fol
lowed by an address by Arnold Bald-1
wfn. president of the student body as
sociation introducing Bob Thomas as
the new social manager and chairman
of the meeting. Next the girls glee
club rendered "America the Beauti
ful." which was on a par with some
of the music of the previous glee clubs
Mr. Laurenson the coach read the ath
letic report.
Large 'B's' for football were given
out to John Hobbs. Louis Visalia. Paul
Laudrum, Bob Thomas. Joyce Ralph
Alvin Sweet. Elmer Hoesch, Theo. Dal ;
gleisch and Ray Cunningham an 1 )
i i . . . i i") . .. . . .. .. r . v. .
players have made letters for two or jR
inree years, jonn .nccrea, ini!s v i- ;
salia, Arnold Baldwin and Bob Thomas
received letters lor basket ball. Bald !
win has been on the team two years '
while the other boys have played fcr i
three years. Orlean Landriun, Rilla j j
Wacek and Polly Milburn were the j j
girls to receive letters for basket bal: ; ;
thia year. A piano solo by Louis Jack-
son was the next feature of the pr '
gram. Jeanette Newman and John
Mobbs read letters from two of the i
French orphans who have been adopt-!
ed by Bisbee people The high school j
has adopted six and Hobb's letter was i
from one of these. !
Cbas. Edmondson spoke of the ne-;
oessity of school spirit in a school. ;
Orlean Landrum, captain of the girls '
basketball team this year, recited the'
victories, defeat;;, hard work and pleas- j
ures they had had.
Next Bob Thomas related the record j
of the school with some forty men In
the service of their country, a record '.
any school this size can be justly
proud of. '
"Sergeant Shilliam, report on the
stage with Mr. Chance." With these i
ringing words Captain Edmondson. of
the cadets ordered the soon-to-be sol-!
dier on the stage. Arrived there hJ !
was put through the manual of arms, J
marching, saluting and other maneuv-1
ers by Bob Thomas. Mr. Chance then j
made a few remarks, expressed his re- j
gret at leaving the school and prom-;
ised to bring back the kaiser's helmet '
for a soup kettle. The boys glee club I
rendered 'Let's all be Americans Now",
'Send Me Away With a Smile, Little '
Girl.' and a parody on 'I Don't Know j
Whpre I'm Going But I'm on My Way.' j
The audience sang 'Over There.' enthu- i
siastically and concluded the program j
with an impressive rendition of the na-:
tional anthem. j
A great deal of credit is due Miss i
Sall'e McCall for the success of the
program. She was. assisted by Miss ;
Anna May Warren. Bob Thomas han
dled the' affair with the skill of an old
timer.
WAR SAVINGS CLUBS
HOME DEFENSE ARMY
Nearly ten million individual Ameri
cans already hold securities of their
country as a result of the Liberty Loan
drives, and feel a just pride in their
possession, in addition, through the
organization of war savings societies,
at least 3ti.000.oo0 men women and
children wilj be added to this list. Con
sequently more Americans will own a
share of the securities of their nation
than the people of any other country
on the face of the globe
Democracy Is meaning mor and
more to nations Formerly it meant
only the vote and the right to have a
part in the making of laws Today, it
means all this and more It means pro
prietorship which comes witl- the ac- j
tual owning of the nation's seeuritiss .
and the organization of war savings I
societies is helping to bring this about
The time is near when each citizen!
will carry his obligation as a voter and 1
his responsibility as a stockholder'
with equal resolution. A financlil in-'
Blustering April t Winds
Are Apt to Mar Fair Skins
April winds are trying on clear complexions
and ruddy cheeks. You should not venture
out cf doors at this season without taking
the necessary precautions to protect your
skin from harm which is apt to result from
exposure to the elements. Chapping, rough
ening and freckling may be avoided if the
right preparations are used.
We carry all of the goods advertised.
Chap Lotions, Cold Creams, Face
Cream3, Massage Creams,
Face Powders, etc.
which will keep your skin in a soft, smooth
and healthy condition.
Don't deprive yourself of out-door exercise
and pleasures, but equip your toilet table
with the things which are best in promoting
a good complexion.
Extra-Delicious
Easter Candies
Easter always creates an extra demand for
good ccrifeetionery. We have, therefore, in
creased our stock of
' ''" JOHNSON'S
Confectionery
Xo other candy excels these delicious tid
bits in purity and delicacy of flavor.
Many of our special Easter Boxes are works
of art and will make excellent gifts for wife,
sweetheart or friend.
We have plenty of good, pure candy. for Uie
children, too.
Make your selections early.
Our Formal
Soda
Fountain
Opening
EASTER
SUNDAY
BABY
Deserves the Best
As warm weather approaches special care
must bo exerrised in feeding the baby and
otherwise providing for his health and cony
fort. We handle all of the good Baby Foods
and turn the stock often so that we always
have a fresh supply. Lime Water We make
a fresh supply of pure lime water every few
days ard guarantee it to be fresh and ot
full strength.
We also carry a complete stock of
Baby Powders, Teething Rinr,F,
Nursing Bottles, Soaps, Brushes,
and other Requisites
We take great pains in preparing
medicine for the IHtle folki.
Do not envy the complexion of other charm
ing women. You. too. can have a soft, vel
vety skin, and a clear complexion by using
Nyals Face Cream. Price 25c, 50c.
We are prepared to supply all of your drug
store needs. Our stock is complete our
service excellent, and our prices right. '
You are cordially invited to attend the opening of our soda
fountain. We want you to know what pure, delicious and
wholesome drinks we serve, and also wish to impress you with
the carefulness, cleanliness and daintiness of our service.
Special Decorations; Flowers for
' Souvenirs
are some of the special features which will be provided for the
occasion. Be sure and bring your friends.
PURE, SPARKLING SODA
The use of finest materials, care in making and skill in serving
are some of the things which make our fountain beverages dif
ferent and better. All of the old favorites are being served at
our fountain and some, delightful new specialties.
t
Fresh fruits and berries will be
served at our fountain in season.
A Freshly-Cut Carnation
will be served to all callers on opening day. Other up-to-date
specialties will be introduced at our fountain 'from time to time.
Pure Peroxide
A good peroxide should have a.plice in your
medicine chest.
It is an ideal cleanser, mouth wash and an
antiseptic for cuts and minor injuries.
Keep a Bottle of Our
' Peroiide in the Home
It will save you needless- worry, because
you'll always realize that there Is something
handy for the treatment of cuts and
scratches. -
It Is especially valuable in homes where
there are children. Price 25c, 50c, Jl 00.
We practice professional pharmacy. We
recognize our duty to the public and ful
fill it the best we can. Let us be your
family druggists. ,
You can safely send the little folks to our
store on errands. We wait on children
promptly and give them courteous attention.
The Beautv
mi
Brigade
The girls who are admired
most, for their beautiful com
plexions, well-groomed hair
and shapely hinds are the
ones who use our high-grade
toilet articles and prepara
tions. We make' a specialty ot
, Toilet Goods
such as Face Creams and
Powders, Hand Lotions. Tal
cum Powders, Toilet Caters,
Massage Creams, Manicure
Goods. Complexion Brushes.
' eU: :- "...
If it's a worthy toilet article
we have it first. Come here
first and save time.
I.
Wa
OUR OWN MAKK '
Citrate of Magnesia
We take special pride in our Citrate of Mag
nesia because we know that It is impossible
for any druggist to produce anything better.
It Is made from chemically pure Citric Acid
and Carbonate of Magnesia combined with
Syrup of Lemon In distilled water. It is
then put up in porcelain stopped bottles.
You'll like it because it tastes good and Is
fresh. . ,
It Is the most agreeable remedy you can take
when a gentle laxative Is required.
RUBBER
GOODS
That Give Satisfaction
in Service and Value
In purchasing rubber goods you must rely
upon the judgment of some reliable druggist
regarding both quality and price.
We buy rubber goods direct from manufac
turers who make honest goods only. Our
stock of rubber goods is complete and every
article is guaranteed to be just s represent-
Hot Water Bottles, Fountain Syringes. Com
bination Syringes, Sick Room Goods,
Nursery Supplies, Etc
Wear a pair of our guaranteed Rubber
Gloves while doing the Spring Houseclean
Ing work.
Your
Family
Physician
may have his thought and
care neutralized by the care
lessness of a druggist who
fills his prescriptions or by
the use of drugs that are not
full strength.
Prescription work at our
store is done , by competent
registered pharmacist who
use scientific methods. A
complete stock of pure, fresh
prescription drugs is always
at hand.
Let us be your family
Druggists
it
em
JJJra
Company
W. ROSS DENMAN, MANAGER
I WARREN. ABIZ. TELEPHONE 3 TO
We Would Like to Add Your Name to Our Large List of Satisfied Customers
EBfc4
MAM
I
1
i
t
f'7S,v '; " - -
I ' - ' FOUR
'IH BiSBEfcl DAILY IttVlLW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 31,
JEljr Stsbn Datht 2lmumi
V-'BLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
-
MULLEN A. CAIN..
..EdUor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
Tlie Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for republication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of special dispatches herein
are also reserved.
Entered a Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES. PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
rR MONTH S .75
THREE MONTHS
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per -quarter
2.25
4.00
7.50
2.50
.75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents.
In the splendour of the lillies
Christ was born across the sea;
Ariel He lived to make men holy
And H? died to make men free.
THE TENTH DAY.
And the Huns keep battering on. Slow
, ed down ; checked even, slaughtered by the
hundreds of thousands, but still trying to
break those English lines that Europe has
tried in vain for ten centuries to break.
Nearly forty miles they have gained from
their starting point to the tip of the salient.
But there is good news along with the eter
nal wcrd of fresh divisions coming up to
continue the drive.
GENERAL FOCH HAS BEEN MADE
COMMANDER IN CHIEF OF THE AL
LIED ARMIES IN FRANCE! Foch, the
hero of the Marne. The man of all men
to direct the destinies of the right against
the might of the world right now. Foch.
the teacher who combines the skill and
learning of the tactician with the do and
dare of the soldier. Foch, the brilliant, far
: seeing, terrible Frenchman. Foch, who has
hated the Hun ever since the rape of Als
ace and Lorraine, and who left Metz while
still a youth to escape Prussian rule. Foch,
who has preached the coming of the Hun
for twenty years and who tried to get
France to prepare for the inevitable.
Born in Tarbes, the birthplace of the
great D'Artagnan, he has the flame of the
south in his blood and the cold logic of the
military schools. No doubt now that a
blow will be struck with the might and main
of the allied power with Foch in the sad
dle. The Prussian has earned every foot
of ground he has taken and paid for it with
oceans of blood. He will pay for holding it.
In the meantime the great battle con
tinues with unabated fury and the Ger
mans continue to bring up fresh-troops
and pour them into the shambles. Every
fresh event of this struggle shows more
clearly the desperation of the Prussian gam
ble. They MUST break through and rout
their French and English foes for they will
not have the wherewithal to play again in
this game of war.
The heavy attack upon Arras has failed,
and it was undoubtedly part of the great
plan. English lines have held everywhere
for the past two days except a slight with
drawal upon local sectors and the French
continue their counter attacks.
"We will beat them yet," is the word
from France. And by the living God! it is
a good word for all of us to bear in mind
these dark days of the real test of the
strength of the spirit as well as the physical
force of democracy arrayed against might!
Easter morning will dawn in France even
as it dawns here upon our peaceful hills,
and its first bright, lily beam will fall up
on shattered spires and broken church tow
ers and descrated altars and desolated lands
and corpses that cover the battle fields like
the sands upon the shore. Alas, for France.
She is as the sepulchre before the third
day. But she, too, will arise. The Ro
man seal upon that mountain tomb of
Palestine was broken, and so will the Prus
sian seal upon the fairest portion of France.
Rome was mightier than Prussia. And
Right is mightier than Rome and Prussia
combined. Easter morning in France!
Listen to the soft sad notes of the bells 1
Women in black and children with sad face3
come, and their name is legion. They pray
a little and look long towards Heaven from
which the first and the last Easter morning
of the world must come. Out of the power
of the lion; out of the mouth of the dog
shall France be delivered by that very radi
ant and immortal spirit of Easter Morn.
What a commentary it is on . the civili
zation of, the world to have the greatest
battle in the history of nations raging on
the eve of Easter Day. The garden of
Gethsemane witnessed no more poignant
agony than that now being suffered by humanity.
Sunday Morning Sermon
"And they said among themselves, who shall roll
away the stone from the door of the sepulchre?"
Mark 16-3.
Thus wondered the two Marys, Mary
Magdalene and the other Mary, as they ap
proached the mountain tomb of the Man of
Sorrows on that first Easter morning some
two thousand years ago.
"And when they looked ihey saw that
the stone was rolled away." , S
And we wonder as we climb the hill of
life and grope among the world's shadows,
who shall roll away the stone that blocks
the path; who shall lift the veil and dissi
pate the shadows. Doubt assails us; the
dark lurks at our elbow; despair waits just
ahead. And we say among ourselves, who
shall help us? What kindly light shall lead
us' on?
Ah, always there is a way, if we only
press on. Always, there is a light if ve
go as far as wc can in the darkness to seek
its rays.
For these women who walked that morn
ing to the sepulchre the light of the world
had failed. But they were faithful, even
after death. They came with oil and spices
to annoint the cold clay of Him they loved
and worshipped. The Roman soldiers had
placed a great stone at the door of the tomb
and sealed it with the inviolate seal of
Rome.
"Who shall roll away the stone?" won
dered the women. Like all the other count
less children of time who have come before
and after them, along the way cf life, they
saw troubles insurmountable far ahead ;
rocks immovable ; obstacles that made hap
piness and success unobtainable.
But they were brave and true and they
pressed on. And lo, they found that the
rock was gone. A power greater than the
Roman soldier had removed it from its
place. A hand mightier than the seal of
Rome had broken Rome's seal. .
And inside the tomb they, found, not
lifeless clay and a place of mourning and
dispair, but a radiant figure who gave them
the greatest, gladdest tidings the world has
ever known. "He whom ye seek hath
arisen," said the angel. "Go and tell His
disciples."
And it so to this day. The brave and
the true go on and on through the dark and
find the dawn. Formidable doubts melt
away before the dauntless ones of earth.
After death cometh life.
Two women, weak and weary, were the
first and only worshippers on the first
Easter morning. Today countless millions
of all lands under the sun bend the knee in
worship before the Cross. k The stone, was
rolled away ! Let us go forward up the hill
of tears and laughter. The darkness will
disappear; the door will open. And we
shall enter in to a place where true hearts
dwell.- There is always a stone in the way ;
a doubt ; and there i3 always a hand to move
the stone and the doubt away for those who
are resolute enough to keep on to the end.
Don't worry, the American troops are
doing their part in the great tragedy on the
western front. They are being handled by
commanders on the ground who under
stand the situation from every angle and
are competent to carry out the job. And
let us trust they may "quit themselves like
men" in the supreme test that Is before,
them! .
It looks as if the war is to be lost (so
far as the Germans are concerned on the
present series of initiatives) by the flower
of the kaiser's army. If the allies lose
the present engagement the war has only
begun. It is but the prelude to the tragedy
that will wipe out German imperialism just
as sure as God reigns.
The Americans are on the battle front
and Bayard Taylor's "Song of the Camp"
is recalled by the gallant troopers. "Give
us a song, the soldiers cried, the outer
trenches guarding," then "each recalled a
different name, but all sang Annie Laurie."
It is a hard army to fight when all of the
soldiers sing.
Senator Borah
Sounds Clarion
Call of the War
In his speech before the United
S ates senate a few days ago. Senator
Vxiz o! t'tah made the most thrill
ing appeal ever made In America
sinc- Patrick Henry's immortal call
to the Virginia legislature. Eastern
papers carried the Borah speech la
lull. It ought to be read by every
man and woman In this land. The
Review uses the following and urges
every read to learn it by heart:
Amid the sacrilege of war it is our
belief that the old order passeth. In
surh a con' est there is little room for
compromise. We can no more quit
than Washington could have qut at
Valley Forge. We can no more com
promise than Lincoln could have com
promised after Chancellonville.
In other words. Mr. President, what
ever may have been our opinion in the
beginning of the war, both sides real
ize row that this is not only a war
between great nations, involving the
interests of all their citizens, but that
it Is distinctly a war between sys
tems of government, and t is so rec-
nized.
We ned not prophesy now when
victory will come. Neither is it prof
itable to speculate how it will come.
If it is a real and not a sham peace,
we will . have no trouble in recogniz
ing it when it does com';. Whether
it shall come in the bloody end visi
ble triumph of arms or, as we hope,
through the overthrow and destruc
tion o militarism by the people of
the respective countries, we do not
know. Hut that It will come we con
fidently believe. Indeed, if the prin
ciples of right and the precepts of
liberty are not a myth, we know it will
come.
It has been said by some one that
it was not possible for Napoleon to
win at Waterloo, net on account of
Wellington, not on account of Bluech
er, but on account of the unchanging
laws of liberty and Justice. Let us
call FDmething of this faith to our
own ccntest. Let, us go forward in
the belief that it is not possible in
the morning of "the twentieth century
cf tte Christian civilization for mili
tarism, fcr brute force, to triumph.
It would be in contravention to every
law, human and divine, upon which,
rests the happiness and preservation
of the human family. It would be to
place brute force first in the divine
economy of things. It would be to
Dlace might over right, and in the
last and final struggle that cannot
be done.
It has often .been said since, the
war began. Mr. President, that a ro
public cannot make war. I trample
the doctrine under my feet. I scorn
the faithless creed of cowards and
traitors. If a republic cannot make
war. if it cannot stand the' ordeal of
conflict, why in the name of the liv
ing Gcd rr our boys on the western
front? Are they there to suffer and
die for a miserable craft that can
enly float In the serene breeze of the
summer seas and must sink or drive
for port at the first coming on of tnc
storm? No; they are there to de
fend a craft which is equal to every
conflict and superior to every foe
the triumph and th- pride of all the
tarks that have battled with the ocean
of time.
A republic 'can make war. It can
make war successfully and triumph
antly and remain n republic evry
hour of the conflict The genius who
presided over the organization of this
republic, whose impressive force was
knit into evary fiber of our national
crganization. was the greatest soldier,
save one, of the modern world, and
the most far-visioned leader and
; statesman of all time. He kmw that
though devoted to peace the time
would come when the republic would
have to make war. Over cad ov?r
again he solemnly warned his coun
trymen to be ever ready and always
prepared. He intended, th-jre.'ore, that
this republic should- make war and
make war effectively, and the republic
which Washington framed and bap
tized with his love can make war.
Let these faithless Tecreants cease to
preach tfleir pernicious doctrine.'
The American soldisr, a part of the
life of his nation, imbued with devo
tion to his country, has something
in him. that no system or mere mili
tary training and discipline as applied
to automatons of an absolute gov
ernment can ever give. The most
priceless heritage which this war will
leave to a war-torn and weary world
is the demonstrated fact that a free
people of a free govennent can make
war successfully and triumphantly,
tan defy and defeat militarism, and
preserve through it all their indepen
dence, their freedom, and the integ
rity of their Institutions.
El Paso, was highly pleased with hist
first visit to the Only Tombstone, and
while tiere tcok in the many historical
points of interest, including the fa
mous Cld Bird Cag Schieftlin monu
ment. Million Dollar stope and Tomb
stone Epitaph office. Judge Jackeon
is sc ire in piltics in the l one Stai
state. Prospector.
Slim Allen and wife left Willcox on
Thursday for Chicago, where rliey win
""nte,. the employment of Ringllng
Bros.' circus. They made many friends
in Willcox while there, and Mr. Allen
stated that he expected some time in
the future to return and engage in
the cattle business.
The jury in the divorce case of
Simon vs. Simon, which was on in
the superior court last wet, decided
the case in favor of the defendant.
Mrs. Slnicn. T.:re were a number
o interrogatories propounded to the
feliiiiioifti
X By Gillen A CMrn:
A MAID LISTENED
WHILE A NUN PLAYED
A Warren District girl, writing
home form her convent school back;
yonder, told of entering the chapel
just at twilight for a moment' medi
tation all alone and finding the moth
er superior seated at the organ. "1
vance day by day thelr shoulders stif
fen, their eyes flash, ther lips set
and their resolution hardens.
Some game little, great little town,
affirms this humble newspaper man.
jury, all of th?m having bean n- did not even know she could play,.'
swered in favor of the deiendant. The wrote the girt, "and I paused in sur-
case was one of serious allegations
by the husband, who was suing for
divorce and was hotly contested by
both sides. The jury granted tlie de
fendant wife separate maintenance of
'M per month and costs of suit, de
nyig divorce to the husband.
A young woman in English riding
breeches and leather puttees was dis
covered tucked away in a box car
last Wednesday on a Southern Pacific
freight train at Willcox. Upon reach
prise near the door. And then sne
dropped her fingers upon the keys, and
oh. it was the voices of heaven that
I heard, and not music.' ,
This ' newspaper man was much
moved by this little girl's feeling ovei
the scene in that chapel and the mus
ic she heard. What a moment! To
enter a chapel just at that hour when
the twilight comes to dim the day.
Of course, , the tapers were burning
before the altar; they always burn
there, night and day, and the silver
A WORD LIKE A
WAVE ON THE WATER;
IT NEVER STOPS
. Some w?eks ago there appeared in
this column a story about the Wells
Kargo horse and his long and faithful
service in liisbee. Too long, in fact.
Well, that word traveled from the
Mule mountains to Wells-Fargo head
quarters in San Francisco. E. B. Ma
son, pioneer resident of Bisbee, but
now living in Oakland. Cal. told the
newspaper man. so the other day. Mrs.
Mason read the story and sent it to
the Wells-Fargo superintendent. He
wrote her and expressed thanks fot
the clipping a new horse and a young
er horse for Bisbee right away.
The horse has not arrived yet but
One ; we have hopes.
ucipii um l " ja, I. lectin- . , - .
ing that point she was taken in charge I r a Precious tokens gleamed in j
by Deputy Sheriff Moor-. She claims i their delicate radiance. The arched j
. ' . . . . n ml n BotaMH fill 1 i n tr waa fast Tl 1 1 1 fl IT
to ban rrom saDmai. ,n c. giving " . - -
. .I with shadows. The Crucified One
1.2 f-,". LI 1 " Tr . ' uncn the brown haired, blue eyed ! and not the Wells-Fargo horse. The
fornik to Vecure emulovm "nu she was ai1- and so fillr' 8tandinK 1 H""? U atOUt " llL Tlme dealt
EnVd tir'lid' ualf and wl,olly e"- h3rdIy by hlm- But Mr Mason 19 M
detained at willcox awaiting mstruo . ,. Wni.k .... of .-,, ,nd .rj,n- ,k.
liauu Ileal 1 11 u w , m.v. - ; r r ........ j vw
tions from her tatht-, whom she
claims to be a prominent ranch own
er near Sabinal.
robed figure at the organ keys.
Maid and nun. Oue with eager
feet and beaming eye upon the thresh-
1 old of life, and the other with inimo
W. H- Webster, S. P. Applewhite , Kilo. rn . nnlirrori t th lieht nf af-
and R. G. Arthur, it was announced ternoon land and in her eye that se-jMr- Mat:n was
old. He is just getting a good start
on the race course of life and is pull
in gon. the biu at the three-quarters
pole.
When he left Bisbee some years ago.
in poor health, but
yesterday, have fc-en appointed as new renjty inat only the cloisters with a ho came back this week on a visit
directors of the Y. M. C. A. in Doug- thousand years of sacrifice and min- 'tu a boys smile and a young man's
las. Each has agreedto serve in this iqterinz grace can give. brave and cheerful heart. It waa a
capacity. The directors will meet one' nd the music this nun. usually so treat to this simple newspaper man
day this wek.and make out a budget) impassive, swept from the w.Mie gates; 'o meet this young old pioneer of the
and form plans for ttie association for! cf symphony! Where did she get the j canyon. .Not even Jim Brophy him-
master touch and from what depths i nappy pioneer that he is, is any
of an art'st soul the expression that J ounger or gayer than this man Ma
fll'pd the chaDels dim aisles withifon.
the year and hear the yearly reports.
The Y. M. C. A. with more than 700
members the greatest membcrshp in
its history is on a more substantial
basis and its work is mori far reach
ing than ever before. New members
such sweet and moving melody ol
sound? Who knows? From France,
or Itaiv. it may be. Princess and
are coming in daily. Sever of thei neasant. they come to the cloisters;
latest members are officers and en-! artist, singer, and maid with high
listed men at Camp Harry J. Jones.
L. A. Walling, cne or the r-rcprie-
idcas. Years a?o this nun may Jiave
odDtivated the mu;;ic lovers of old
' Rome, cr she may have only played
Mason says he came to Bisbee when
there were only two houses tn the
canyon, and to bear out his claim as
the promoter and builder of our water
woiks system, he declares that he
uivKl to furnish the town water with a
bucket and dipper before the pipes
were laid to the Naco wells.
No nian in the district is proudet
, ,',, - " ,0, ,',' I a tiny organ in a mountain cottage or ro man in the district is proudet
ors of tfie B. & P. . pool hall in Doug- M f , tQ and prosperU, than Mr
aVaAB7 S-'m8 rJl10 bX I hire taught her their touch and style I Mason of Oakland. Cal. He is inter
D. T. Dunlap Friday afternoon on a nB ' "l "y. . ,rnm I i .v-,h k, - a
uui-.mp rriuay BllBriiuou u.i . v .,, j, Frnm
charge of allowing gambling in his j " l""
nl9o .nnniliwl I (hi -nnarlnii ft CUV ell.
court Walling, with ten p.itrons of
the place, was arrested Thursday
night. Walling putting up 0100 bail
tor his own appearance and $25 each
for the others, making $350 bail mon
ey furnished by him. TJie cases of
the ten alleged keno pool players
wefj continued by the court until
the afternoon of April' 6, when they
will be called at 2 o'clock. The po
lice say they saw money changing
hands, and believe that games have
been played there for money before.
County Briefs
The citizens of Gleeson have voted
to issue bonds to the amount or ShOCO
to complete a new school building.
Mrs. G. II. Hirst has completed her
gmisus of the Douglas schools, it
shows an enrollment of 452o. divided
as follows: White boys, 2220; white
girls. 2254: rolorprf hovs. T- colored
girls, 27.
Dr. Karl Muck, director of the Boston
Symphony Orchestra, is under arrest as an
alien enemy. Dr. Muck is the German who,
some time ago, refused to place "The Star
Spangled Banner' on the programme of his
musical organization. He claimed that it
was not art. Has he been gloating?
Japan is not ready to oppose the .Ger-:
mans in Russia; but to show that the Nip
pon government's heart is in the right place,
negotiations have been completed for the
transfer of 1 50,000 tons of Japanese ship
ping to the United States. Now watch the
Kaiser rage and imagine a vain thin?.
The new caterpiilartractor which
was unloaded at Douglas last week
for the county has been taken to
1200 MINERS MAKE
RETURNS ON INCOME
What difference docs it make?
Certain it is that she played on,
estcd in everything here for the good
of th town, from the Wells-Fargo
horse to the giant condensor plant to
be built around the shoulder of the
n h twilight of that chapel : mountain from Warren. And his vis-
played so wonderfully the soft sweet its here are an inspiration and a de
notes of that chant wherein Verdi i light to his old friends, and hia new-
Report current recently that miners
were not responding to the income tax
call was repudiated yesterday at the
Chamber of Commerce by Secretary
Tom Egan and by the federal income
tax agent.
"More than 1200 miners have made
out their, papers in this office," said
Mr. Egan. -Of that number we made
out more than loo yesterday," su.
plemented the federal agent, "and they
are still coming."
There entered at the moment a
young man who was plainly yet to at
tain voting age. He had a form in
hand and wanted to know if he hid
correctly filled it out. In the ago
space. 17 years was marked down.
"You do not have to pay income tax.
You are under 18 years of age," the
federal agent told him.
"I know I do not have to pay, but
I want to kno.v if I can. I earned
more than $1000 last year and I wait
to help the country out as mich as the
tax will amount to. It isn't the money
so much either, as it is showing them
that we have the number of people
who are earning over $1000 and can j
produce the- money, it seems to me.
"You can pay," replied the agon-..
The boy smiled happily and walkcj
out. The name of his blank was Frank
Solhm. '
"There has been more than one of
that kind in here and they all com':
with the same spirit," said the agent.
"Not a one of the more than 12u0 min
ers who have been in here has had a
kick coming."
sought to set his friend's last sigh to
deathless scng. that the listening,
spellbound maid began to wonder if
this waa a Loretto nun at the organ
or St. Cecelia herseir, returned for an
hour from the quick and the dead to
make of this beautiful chapel a sound
ing board for her matchless and mys
tic melody.
What an hour for the maid. Ah,
and what an hour for the nun, who
might well, as she played, unconscious
ly thrown off the many long years of
service under those convent spires
and that black hood
friends, too.
j Poet's Corner
THE BABE THE FAIRIES PLANNED
through those tinted panes, seen the
nodding roses and Hashing sunlight
of some far off land where a maid
wandered in the vines of an old world
garden. Or, did she look forward in
stead of backward? Did she see a
brighter light than the sun, and a
fairer fafe than any maiden's face
could be?
Whether it was swet faced Memory
who sat by her side, or Faith with
inspired eyes, none may knew. But
the maid who heard her play was
haunted long arter by Uie magic of
her melody, and wrote to the folks at
home that she had heard heavenly
voices in that nave, although she
knew full well that no one else was
there except herself and the nun who
sat at the organ.
HOW BISBEE PEOPLE
BEAR THE BAD NEWS .
' OF THE BATTLES
Ah, little girl, I know, I know
Fairies had planned you long ago;
Even the smile playing round your
lips.
Even vour dear littln finirer tinn.
and, looking Eacri mtie dimple, each little ear;
PLAN RECOGNITION
OF CHILDREN WEEK
Bisbee and the Warren district will
recognize and celehrate the "Continent
Wide Children's Week." being promot
ed by the International Sunday School
Leslie canyon, in the Chirlcahuas, -association, and to be observed from
where it will be used on some road
work, the county is doing at that
point- t
Gran'me Jones, mother of James
Deck of Dos Camezas, was found dead
In her bed by one of her grandchil
dren. The Red Cross ladies took
charge .of , arrangements .and the fu-
nvral waa , heluVTIults'lay, tjc-orve
I'i't-k. a on.' cnmiiiK Iroin Iteming.
N.' M., to be present.
Judge Dan M. Jackson, well known
El Paso attorney and jurist, returned
to his home in the Pass City Friday
I a:'t ritooii, having completed hU case
in the superior court Judge Jackson.
I w bo b ciut of Va promiarit m-ii of
May 5 to May 12. The entire week.
Including the two Sundays, will be
given over to chihlrens' work, rallii.
institutes, conventions, programs,
sermons and other forms of child wel
fare vork.
Letters calling attention to the
week's recognition, and calling on ev-
Jery district in the state to assist in Jhe "Fight on: Press on! ' These arw
Hwork, hu've bwn silt.', to the 3 fr'Suu-1 the words heard by the newspaper
day school superintendents hjhI to lhj 't nuuu-.Ux'se ' troiiMed.' days' and'-nucttts
90 pastors of the different denotuimi- bv tinsel who. cnun.-to th" uyw-iiapT
., , . .. .... .. .-r ..' . . . . ..... i .
nous in Arizona, in me letters tney twoii.ior news oi uie oaitu-.
week a success and in furthering to
At the d.sk of the Review telegraph
editor and before the Review bulletin
boards liisbee citizens have gathered
day and nii;ht since Friday morning
of last week to h?ar bad news. Al
ways i he word is that the German
advance continues and that the allies
dra- back. Men and wouuen tome for
ward with anxious races, look eagerly
at the board, read with frowning
blow, set their lips and pass on. That
dismay and tear . that the German
Planned you and dreamed you and
brought you here.
But, little girl, with your eyes of
blue.
What of the soul they have tucked
in you?
What of the soul. oh. baby mine?
Tangled beams of the stars thit
shine;
Soothing love of the mothers gone
Into eternity, ages on;
Prayers of mothers that wing and
wing
Into the heavens where angels sing.
CouldMhese be blent in a soul for
you, .
Dear little baby with eyes of blue?
Ah. certainly so, but I only know
Fairies had planned you, dear. Ion;
ago.
I would not question, nor criticize
The soul that shines in your won
derful eyes.
However spun, of what, or where.
It sparkles here as an answered pray
er. So. little girl, with your eyes of blue.
Be sure, quite sure, of my love for
you.
JAY B. IDEX.
DROUTH BROKEN
(ttv Revlt-w LeiKMHl Wire)
AMAKILLO. lex.. March 30. A
seven-month drouth has been broken
throughout the Panhandle of Texas
and over New Mexico, according to
loves to cast upon' his enemies like railioad reports. The precipitation
a bliirht cannot be seen or noted her. , here was slishtly more than an inch.
Our people know how to bear bad Tb? rain fell over a period of 14
news j .injurs aim m uj ui firoi ut-u-iu v
From the talk in the oliice and the range and to growing crops, but
ever the telephone as thi salient parts will be benfltlal only in lew instances
of the dispatches are gisen to anxious to the wheat crop.
inquirers, it Is plain that our people phoEki1v boy KILLED
are stirred deeper than ever before! PHOtNIX BOY MLLtu
bv the power and peril of the Ger-! .s w-ri.il to Th Reviewi .
man drive. We must do more and j WASHINGTON. March 30.-Death
better than we have done betore. ! of Lieut. Marcus A. Jordan o Phoe
Every one Is waiting and hoping for ; nix Ariz., two days after an airplane
the turn of the tide. Soo: or late! accident iu Italy in which he was
the counter offensive will begin. I wounded, was reported today in a
In the meantiiuo. judging from those abl -gram from KigRio to his broth
who come to keep in close touch will, . or. Eldridge E. Jordan a bnker here,
the news of the battle day and nlht. 1 Jrdn first Joined the ( andian fly
the feeling is strong to keep the com- Ing corp. and later the American
. . . . . .u, DrtiK uirl una an! rnH tt I n fl vinir
allied cause, come "what will. It takes j ioues In Italy.
a brave heart to bear a dark day. j '
The tet of the hart is trouble. And j TAKE OVER M1LLIQNS
nur npnnln are bearine the test well.! i.v Review Leased Wire)
the best of their ability the objects of
the occasiotn. The letters are sent
out by Dr. E. D. Raley. of Phoenix,
representative of halt-dozen child wel
fare aorsii!:at Ions-
WASHINGTON. March 30. Six'
great Carman-owned N'ew Jersey
woolen . mills.'" with .a '.'ttttal cApihuttifln
of -more "than-' $7tKWMKiit.;iik-. 'bit! I
.o iai-'iaKen over ny me am-n rruiiviiy cus
tering in the copper camp in this todian. who has named rgoermng
raiivon; uo fear; no faint Uearts. hoards ul Directors to assume control
These men and woiiieu have glvtirof them. The earnings of the prop
their sons and their money aud their j erties during the war will go iuto the
labor to their country's cause, aud as. federal treasury for the punhase' o
fcv xtt the wcrd cf the German. ::d-M.i!rer'y be:ids. THE BlbBfcJ-l DAILY KtVifcW, SUNDAY MuRNiNG, MAHcH 31, 1918.
FIVE
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK. March 30. Asids
from the strenjrUi of a few special -
tiM tiMiav B stock market mamiested
nodetinlie trend until the fhial aeal
ing8, when standard issues suck as
Union Pacltlc ana Keaaing reswincu
substantial gains, partly asa result;
of abort coverings.
Much of the day's negligible turn
over was limited to equipments, mo
tors andto baccos, at extreme aa
vances of 1 to 2 points. Coppers
also responded toa moderate inquiry
an dsonie of the more obscure special
ties were higher by 1 to 3 points.
Total sales amounted to 110,000
shares.
The bank statement reflected the
week" smaler market operations.
the table of actual conditions show
ing a decrease of less than 12,00v.
00') in loans and an increase of about
$6,500,000 in excess reserves.
Bond dealings were keeping with
the superficial character of the stock
market. Liberty issues were siignuy
lower and rails, including covertibles,
recated moderately. Total sales, par
value, aggregated $4650.000.
United States bonds, old issues,
were unchanged on call during the
week.
NEW YORK METALS
NEW YORK, March 30. Bar silver.
92.
CHICAGO. March 30. Holders of
grain did considerable unloading to
day as a result of uncertainties of the
military outlook, and on account of
bearish crop conditions in tne souin-
west, ora closed Csteady, c net
lower, oats off c to 1 to IVic,
and provisions down 22c to toc.
Corn at first showed strength. Trea
sure from longs soon set in, espee
ciallv after news became public than
the British withdrew from Mezieres
toward Amiens. Declines carried the
market well below Thursday s closing
level,- and there was no inniportant
uptur nin subsequent dealings. Good
rains over Texas and Oklahoma,
which were said to have benefited
growing crops seemed to add mate
rially to sentiment against the bulls.
Oats underwent a decided setback.
Improved crop reports were largely
responsible.
Gossip that. April orders from the
government were smaller than the
trade had looked for depressed the
provision market
Closing Quotation March 30
(ByL. J. Overlook)
NEW YORK
Anaconda
American Can . . .
American Car
American Smelter
63
40 Vi
79
77 V4
American Sugar ,.'100
Baldwin
Beth B 77
C. & 0 56;
Canadian Pacifc 137 V4
Central Leather 6414
Crucible - 62 H
Distillers ... ..." .V..".: 40
Erie 14
Goodrich 44
Industria lAlcohol 122V4
General Motors 118 ,
Lackawanna V
Marine 24
Marine pfd 90
Mid vale 45
Mexican Petroleum 92V4
New York Central 69 V4
Northern Pacific 85 4
Reading Sl4
Rep Steel 78
Studebaker 1
Steel 89
Steel pfd 109
St. Paul 40
Southern Pacific 83Vi
Sinclair 354
Union Pacific 120
U. S. M 43
Westirurhouse 40
BOSTON
Adventure 1
Allouez 52
Alaska : Itt
Arizona Commercial 13
Uutte 19
C. fc A 68
C. & H ... 440
Chief Range 44
Chino 40
Chile 15
East Butte 9
Granby 78
Green Can 40
Goldfield :. .. 5
Hancock 8
Indiana " 65
Inspiration 46
Kennecott 30
Kenweenaw 1
Lake 6
La Salle 3
Miami 31
Mohawk 62
Nevada 18
North Butte 15
Nip 8
Old lKminion 42
Osceola ' 54
Pond Creek 13
Quincy . . .
Kay Con . . .
Shattuck . .
, 70
23
17
4
Shannon
Superior Boston 2
St. Mao's 53
Utah Copper 78
Utah Con 10
Winona 2
CURBS
Arkan.sax & Arizona
Arizona Silver King
Austin Amazon
10
5-1 G
i '
Big Ledae vs
Butte At Ijondon 21
Calumet & Jerome 1
Ccrnelia 17
Con. Arizona 2
Con. Copper 6
Curtiss , 31
Denn 22
Dundee . -. 1
FJuima 5-16
Federal Oil 3
Gadsden 3
O. Mounter
G. Island I6
HulJ ... 45
H.-la 4
Howe Sound 4
lutfirdtlon .Needles
LEASED WIRE.
Jerome Verde
; Jerome Victor I
; Magnia opper 39
- 1 Magma Chief
i Miami Con
332
1
Tuolumne
United Eastern . . ,
Verde Ex
Wolverine Arizona
Verde Comb
White Caps
West End .
Wright Martin ...
4
38
1
79
VA
CORN May, $1.26; $125.
OATS May, 86 ; 85.
COTTON No market.
OATMAN.
(By Collins & Bretherton.)
Bid
Argo 03
Adams 02
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom R. 03
Gold Ore 41
Boundary Cone 02
Gold Road Bonanza 04
Gold Reed
Gold Cliff ,
Lucky Boy 02 '
Sunnyside 04
Telluride 12
Tom Reed 2.00
United Eastern ..' 4.62
United Northern 02
United Western .02
Ask
.03
.25
.05
.43
.03
.06
.05
.15
!6s
205
4.87
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 3.00
Green Monster 56
Butte 19
Dundee 87
Venture Hill
3.06
.62
.21
1.00
.06
1.00
.62
.11
.25
.12
.45
.30
Pittsburgh-Jerome 50
Jerome Verde 56
Arkansas-Arizona 08
Jerome Portland
Inspiration Needles 06
Hull Copper 40
Magma Chief 20
Magma Chief 20
.30
1.75
.87
Wolverine Arizona 1.60
Verde Com 62
Miami Consolidated 03
Nacozari Con .. .. 45
Verde Apex OS
Porphyry 70
.10
.10
.82
1.25
Calumet & Jerome .. ..1.12
GROCERS OF COUNTY
PLAN TO ORGANIZE
PERMANENT BODY
Meeting Called for Next Sat
urday at Douglas at Which
All Are Commanded to At
tend. Friday afternoon a number of Co
chise county grocers met at the Hotel
Gadsden, in Douglas, in answer to a
request of Robert Rae, food adminis
trator for the district and laid the
foundation for a county organization,
the 1?rms o" which will be to more
strictly comply with the nation s pro
gram of food conservation and substi
tution. F. C. Curs, representative of
the state food administration, was
at the meeting and gave these in at
tendance the benefit of his observa
tions throughout Arizona.
Mr. Rae addresed the grocers, im
pressing upon them the necessity of
making detnite plans to heed the de
mands of the government in the dis
tribution of foodstuffs, and urged
unity of effort. Steps to bring every
dealer la the county in line with the
program. He made it plain that the
government is in deadly earnest in its
lood plans, and that the longer an
organization was delayed the more dif
ficult it would be for the dealers.
"The government must save and
substitute food in order to .win the
war and you must help; you can't get.
out of that duty, for the food laws
will be rigidly enforced," he toli
them.
Mr. Rae's remarks were enthusias
tically received, and those present im
mediately formed a temporary organ
ization, electing T. J. Leeson of Mo
Neal chairman and J: P. Cull secre
tary. It was decided to hold a meet
ing in Douglas next Saturday, April
6, for the purpose of effecting a per
manent organization, and the follow
ing committee of arrangements was
named to prepare for the meeting.
Arthur C Davis. J. P. Cull and F. L.
Sims. It was suggested that the name
of th? orsanization be the Cochise
County Food Conservation Dealers'
association .and, while no -definite de
cision was reached, it is likely that
this name will be adopted.
The place where th5 meeting will
be held has not yet been derided upon,
but that matter will be attended to
early this wcjk. Mr. Rae has taken
steps to procure a speaker for the
meeting, and expects to have some
one known throughout tue southwest
to address thi grocers. It was the
consensus of those present that the
attendance at the meeting is neither
a suggestion nor a request, dui a
command and those told to be pres
net who iail to show up will be re
ported to the state food administra
tor, and by him to the national food
administrator.
It is expected that there will he a
large number ot grocers here next
Satuiday, when the meeting is calico
to order.
BOMBARDED PARIS.
IBy rtevlew Leaded .Wire)
'PARIS. March '30.-! Paris was again
bombarded by the" long distance Ger-l
man cannon this morning. There j
have been few casualties. !
Eight dead, among whom are four ,
women, and u7 wounded, including nine
women and seven children, were the
casualties restiltiut; from the k'U-'
Udi'iuittit today.
RAILROAD MAN WAS
NEARLY HELPLESS
Rheumatism Overcome
Tanlac and Has Laid
Crutches Aside.
By
"When I began taking Tanlac I was
almost helpless just hobbling around
on crutches and had fallen off from
one hundred and eighty pounds to one
hundred and sixty-tour. But now I
have gained back all my lost weight,
feel fine, and can get around as nim
ble as I could years ago."
Roy Landis, who made the above
remarkable statement, lives at 1005
East Hattie street. Fort Worth, and
has been in the employ pf the Texas
Pacific railroad for twenty years, hold
ing the responsible position of head
tower mau.
"1 didn't know at first," he contin
ued, "what my trouble was, but about
two years ago I was taken sick and
after staying in bed for twenty-eight
days. I found myself in the clutches of
sciatic rheumatism. From then on I
was almost aa invalid and while I did
manage to attend to my work part of
the time, 1 had to use crutches and
my suffering was terrible. I had ter
rific pains in my right hip, knee and
foot, also had intense cramping pains
in my left leg. I couldn't lie on my
back or left side at all and my left
eg perished away to the size of my
arm: I couldn't stad up or sit still
long enough to drink, a cup of coffee.
I was badly constipated and nervous,
my kidneys were all out of order and
1 couldn't get much rest. My appetite
was very poor and my stomach so up
set that I had to live on eggs and milk
for seven or eight months.
"I spent two summers in Canada and
had the best treatment I could get in
the south and northwest. Also tried
osteopathic and chiropractic treatment
and every kind of medicine I knew of
but got no relief and at times I got so
blue and discouraged I didn't much
care whether I lived or not. So when
I read of Tanlac end made up my mind
to try it, I had just about abandoned
all hope of ever recovering.
."I noticed an improvement almost
from the time I started on Tanlac. My
kidneys were soon acting better and
my nerves quieted down so I could
sleep. My appetite improved, then
the lameness gradually diminished and
I became less constipated. So I kept
taking Tanlac and getting better and
finally my pains about all disappeared
and I laid my crutches aside. Now i
can lie in bed in any position and
sleep all night long, and find no trou
ble in looking after the duties of my
position. These are the results I have
gotten from eight bottles of Tanlac,
and I certainly dont believe anyone
suffering like I did will make a mis
take by giving it a trial."
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Eall, in Douglas by Douglas Drug Co,
in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in Bowie
by Bowie Drug Store, in San Simon by
J. B. Cooke, in Willcox by A. A. Nichol
son, in Lowell by Lowell Drug Co., in
Benson by C. F. Moss Phcy, and in
Gleeson by B. A. Taylor. Adv.
BARRIER AGAIN TODAY
AT CENTRAL THEATER
Then Central theater management
announces that the famous Rex Beach
film, "The Barrier," will be shown
again today. This is by special re
quest to accomodate a large number
of patrons who were unable to see the
great Alaskan picture yesterday cr
Friday.
This showing of "The Barrier' wili
mark the sixth day that this film ha.)
been on the screen in Bisbee and ev
ery performance has seen a large
crowd in attendance.
FAMOUS FARCE PAIR
ACT IN 'BABY MINE'
With the acquisition of John Cum
berland as a member of the support
ing cast in the picture production of
Margaret Mayo's famous comedy,
"Baby Mine," at the Orpheum today,
matinee and evening, in which Madge
(TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY.)
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms, ev
posite Lincoln school. 4'K
FOR SALE Two bay mares, seven-years-old,
weight 1200 each, with
harness, $325. 21 Tate Hill, John
son Addition,
er.
Mrs. Preston' Fletcn-
3iii
SMALL MINE OWNERS
Small mine owners can now eiuip
their own properties. The Harris En
gineering Co., 502 Haas Bid?., Los
Angeles, Calif., are putting on the mar
ket a six-ton capacity crushing, pul
verizing and amalgamating mill?
weighing only 1000 pounds, heaviest
Dart loo Dounds: requires no rook I
crusher; costing $2 per day to operate
anywhere; costs complete with power, ihe bisbee-warren copper
1550. A 30-ton capacity mill without .COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
onlv requires 5- H. P. to op-!
erate. Capacity and nulls guaranteed.
20-ton concentrator with power J375.00. )
Efficient dry concentrators also. In-1
formation from above address.
Closing Out Odds and
Ends in
Douglas Shoes
and other makes,': values'
up to $5.00, now
$2.50
CARO & COMPANY
20 Brewer- Gulch
Kennedy H staired. GoMwvn Fktnrpp
reunited the greatest farce- : comedy
pair in America.
John Cumberland will be remember
ed by those who saw the stage produc
tion as playing the roles opposite
Madge Kennedy in those two great
successes, "Twin Beds" and "Fair and
Warmer."
CLOSING SALE OF WARREN SUL
PHUR 4. OIL STOCK.
The present o-cent allotment is
just pliout sold out, this will be the
last allotment for sale until the com
pany is ready to install their plant
for the recovery of the Sulphur, when
the stock will be put on the market nt
an advance of several times the pres
ent price. For full particulars see F.
BRIGGS & CO.. opposite Central thea
ter. !xwell, Ariz. Adv. 390
Legal Notices.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix, Arizona,
February 23, 1918.
Notice Is hereby given that Joseph
Stonls of Hereford, Arizona, who on
October 16. 1913, made Homestead En
try No. 023537 for W SW 4, S
NW , Sec. 33, Tp. 23-S. R. 21-E and
on October 23. 1519, made additional
homestead entry No. 02S636, for N
NW and V NE Section 33.
Township 23-S, Range 21-E, G. & S. R.
B. Meridian, has filed notice of inten
tion to make three year proof, to es
tablish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on
the first day of April. 1918.'
Claimant names as witnesses:
Joseph Zaleski, Dayton L. Grahab,
Jr., both of Hereford, Arizona; Lewis
T. Wolfe, eBn Morgan, both of Garces,
Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication March 2, 1918.
Last Publication April 1. 1918.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
U. S. PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3387
Serial No. 038239
United States Land Office, Phoenix,
Arizona, March 1, 1918. ,
Notice is hereby given: That R. A.
Bretherton and C. M. Henkel, whose
postofflce addresses is Bisbee, Cochise
County, Arizona, have made applica
tion for patent for the following named
lode mining claim, situated in the
Warren Mining District, Cochise Coun
ty, Arizona, in Section 13, nnaourcted,
T. 23-S. R. 24-E. G. & S. R. B. & M,
described aa follows', to-wit:
SUCCESS: Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. E. corner, whence cbe
W4 corner of Section 18, T. 23-S. R.
25-E. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. 89"
11' E. 294S.8 feet; thenca S 4 34' W.
326.40 feet to corner No. 2; thence N.
87 21' W. 1500 feet to corner No. 3;
thence N. 4 34' E. 423.30 feet to -turner
No. 4; thence S. 83 34' E. 1500
feet to corner No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing a net area rt 7.351
acres, expressly excluding area in con
flict with Survey No. 3117, Bruce Lodo
of 3.S02 acres, and with Survey No.
3117, Baltic Lode, or 1.783 acres.
The location notice of this claim is
recorded in the 'office of the County
Recorder of Cochise County, Arizona,
as follows:
SUCCESS. . . . I':'. . Book 49, Records
of Mines, Page 138.
The names of the adjoining claims
to this survey are: On the North Sur
vey No. 2176, Corona lode and Survey
No. 3158. Corona lode; on the East
Survey No. 3158. Rolla lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Baltic lode; on tie South
Survey No. 3117 Baltic lode and Sur
vey No. 3117 Bruce lode; on the West
Survey No. 2029 Horse Shoe lode.
J. L. IRVIN,. Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3384.
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix. Arizona,
February 28, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Samuel
Sutcliffe. C. W. Ram bo and Carl Smith
whose postoffice addresses are Bisbee,
Arizona, have made application for a
patent for the Winnebago lode mining
claim, situated in Warren Mining Dis
trict, Cochise County, State of Arizo
na, in Section 7. (unapproved) Town
ship 23, south, range 24 east. G. & S.
R. B. & M., which claim is described
as follows, to-wit:
Beginning at corner No 1, the S. E.
corner, whence the U. S. tl. M. No. 1.
Warren Mining District bears S. 77
degrees 37 minutes east, 8754.1 feet,
thence S. 61 degrees 26 minutes W.
600.00 feet to corner No. 2, the S. W.
corner, thence N. 5 degrees 24 minutes
east. 1500.00 feet to corner n. the
N. W. coraer. thence N. 61 degrees 26
minutes E. 600.00 feet to corner No. 4.
the N. E, corner, thence S. 5 degrees
24 minuses 1500.00 feet to corner No. i
the place of the beginning, contain-!
ing net area of 17.136 acres. I
The location notice of this claim is j
recorded in the County Recorder's of-1
fice. Cochise County, State of Arizona,
as follows: Book 42, Record of Mines, i
at page 43 1.
The names of the adjoining claims ;
are: North, Blue Bird, unsurveyed.
owned by the Copper Queen Con. Mg.
Company; East. Bisbee Queen, unsur-:
veyed, owned by C. W.'Rambo; South.)
White Bird, unsurveyed, owned by H. !
W. Clarkson and N. L. I lay den; West, j
Silver Lead, unsurveyed, owned by C. ,
W. Ram bo. j
J. L.' IRVIN. Register.
First publication Feb. 28. 1918. !
i NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF!(
PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3389. ,
U. S Land Office. Phoenix, Ariz., !
March 4, 1918..
I oiice is hereby givrn that the Bis-
de-Warren Copper Company, a cor-
piiat!on organized and existing under i
tho Ilws of the State of Arizona, with
its principal office at the ci'.y of His-i
b"f. by its president cn" secretary,
thereunto duly authorized by resolu
tion of its board of directors, has made
rpblication for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situated in
1 owtiship 23 S.. Range 25 E.. described
as follows:
WARREN' "Beginning at Cor. No.
1. the S. E. Cor, whence the W. U
Cr. of Sec. IS. T 23 S.. R 25 E.. G. &
IS. It. U. & M.. brs. S. 72 Z' E. 2423.11
It . thence N". 77- iT W. 1196.0 feet to
irho'WarreTi .-"Sining nis-rtii.of Jtjt tysfj
'County, Stattj of Ari?.im.,ivrJ'".KMse:
iy in Section IT,; Townki0 i'3 S.; Itatige !
21 L., (unapproved) and 'Section IS,'
Cor. No. 2, the S. W. Cor., thence N.
11 02' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3, the
N. W Cor. thence S. 77 57' E. 14J6
fet't to Cor, No. 4. the N. E. Cor.,
th.-nce S. 11 02' W. 600 feet to Cor.
No. 1, the place of the beginning, ron
taining a net area of 11.479 acres ex
pressly excluding area in conflict with
Survey No. 3158. Rolla lode of 7.511
acres, and with Survey No. 3374, Rock
land lode of 1.61J acres."
BISBEE "Beginning at Cor. No. 1.
the S. E. Cor., whence the W "i Cor.
of Sec. 18, T. 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. & S.
R L. & M. bra. S. 64 20' E. 943.4 ft..
thence N. 77 57' W. 1498 feet to Cor.
No 2, the S. W. Cor., thence N. U
0?' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3. the N. W.
Cor., thence S. 77 57' E. 1498 feet to
Cor. No. 4. the N. E. Cor., thence S. 11
02' W. 600 feet to Cor. No. 1, the
place of the beginning, containing a
not area of 20.63') acres.
RED ROCK "Beginning at Cor. No.
1. the S. E. Cor., thence N. 79 53' W.
1460.90 feet to Cor. No. 2, the S. W.
Cor., thence N. z4" 32' W. 406.70 feet
to Cor. No. 3, the N. W. Cor., thence S.
T 57' E. 1496.70 feet to Cor. No. 4.
the N. E. Cor., thence S. 24" 32' E.
345 30 feet to Cor. No. 1. the place of
the beginning, a net area of 7.504
acies, expressly excluding area in con
flict with Survey No. 3137 Jack Pot
No. 3.
CARBONATE "Beginning at Cor.
No. 1, the N. E. Cor., whence the W "4
Cor. of Sec. 18, T. 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. &
S. R. B. & M. brs. S. 59 54' E. 717.3
feet, thence S. 2" 24 W. 1485.50 feet
to Cor. No. 2, the S. E. Cor., thence N.
77 57' W, 532.30 feet to Cor. No. 3,
the S. W. Cor., thence N. 0 52' E. 600
fcf:t to Cor. No. 4, thence S. 73 09' E.
27.30 feet to Cor. No. 5, thence N. 13
47' E. 597.80 feet to Cor. No. 6, thence
N. 73 09' W. 40 feet to Cor. No. 7.
thtnee N. 24" 32 W. 345.30 feet to
Cor. No. 8, the N. W. Cor., thence S.
77 57' E. 600 feet to Cor. No. 1, the
place of the beginning, net area of
9.691 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Sulphide lode of this
survey of 1.532 acres and with Survey
No 3390 Nancy Hanks lode of 5.744
acres.
SULPHIDE Beginning at Cor. No.
1, the S. E. Cor., whence the W. 4
Cor. of Sec. 13. T. 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. &
S.R.B.& M. brs. N. 87' 04' W. 594.7
feet, thence N. 34 32' W. 1463.50 feet
to Cor. No. 2, the S. W. Cor., thence N.
2 24' E. 300 feet to Cor. No. 3, thence
N 11 02' E. 300 feet to Cor. No. 4.
the N. W. Cor., thence S. 77 57' E.
597 feet to Cor. No. 5, thence S. 86 34'
E S38 feet to Cor. No. 6, the N. E.
Cor. thence S. 2 24' W. 559.90 feet
to Cor. No. 1, the place of the begin
ning, containing a net area of 18.456
acres.
COPPER WEDGE Beginning at
Cor No. 1, whence the W. i Cor. of
Sec. 18, T. 23 S-. R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B.
& M.. brs. N. SI 55' W. 157.9 feet,
thence S. 66 17 W. 8S2.30 feet to
Coi No. 2. the S. W. Cor., thence N.
2 24' E". 464.30 teet to Cor. No. 3, the
N. W. Cor., thence N. 84 46' E.
1210.80 feet to Cor. No. 4. the N. E.
Coi.. thence S. 2 24' W. to Cor. No. 5,
tho S. E. Cor., thence K. 88 55' W.
437.70 feet to Cor. No. 1, the place of
the beginning, containing a net area of
4.694 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Sulphide lode, this sur
vey of 3.257 acres."
The location notices of thee claim's
are recorded in the County Recorder's
of lice, Cochise County as follows:
Warren Book 53, Page 423.
Bisbee Book 53. Page 426.
Red Rock Book 53, Page 425.
Sulphide Book 53, Page 425.
Copper Wedge Book 53, Page 421.
Carbonate Book 53, Page 422.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: North Survey, No. 2413 Mayflow
er. Golden Gate. Juniper and Wedge
lodes. East Survey No. 2425. Delta
lode. South Survey No. 3390, Golcon
da. Sunshine and Nancy Hanks lodes.
Survey No. 3137. Jack Pot No. 1, and
Jack Pot No. 3 lodes. Survey No. 3158.
Roila lode. Survey No. 3374, Rockland
loae. West,. Survey No. 3374, Rock
land lode, Anna lode unsurveyed,
owned by R, A. Bretherton and C. M.
HonkeL
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication March 8. 1918.
Last Publication May 17, 1918.
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
to Yout
Range Boiler
Bisbee
I STATE OF ARIZONA
Office Of The
IARIZONA CORPORATION COMMIS
I SION
'UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
J ss.
STATE OF ARIZONA,
The Arizona Corporation Comiais
' sion does hereby certify that the ao
I nexed is a true and complete trau-
script or the
AKTlCLfcS OF INCORPORATION
OF
LOWELL GOLO MINING CO."
whicu were filed in the office of suid
the 12tb day of March A. D. 1918, ui
3:00 o'clock p. m.. as provided by law.
; TESTIMONY WHEREOF, The Ari
zona Corporation Commission, by its
Cbairinvn, has hereunto set us nuaJ
and affixed its Official Seal. un:n at
the City of Phoenix, the Capital, this
mh day of March A. D. lt.
Attest: ARIZONA CORPORATION
COMMISSION
SAMUEL PROCTOR, F. A. JONES,
Secretary. Chairman.
ARTICLES OK INCORPORATION.
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRES
ENTS: That we. A. F. BORREUO. JOHN
P. WILLIAMSON, and J. L. Winters,
do hereby associate ourselves for the
purpose of forming a corporation under
the laws of the State of Arizona, and
for this purpose we hereby adopt t ie
following ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION:-
I
The names and addressee oi tho in
corporators are: A. F. Borreyo, whose
residence and postoftice address . is
Lowell, Arizona; John P. Williamson,
whose residence is South Bisbee. Ari
zona, and whose postoffice address is
Warren, Arizona; and J. L. Wiuteis.
whose residence and postoffica ad
dress is Warren. Arizona.
And the name of the corporation
shall be "LOWELL GOLD v Ai'MNG
COMPANY. And the principal place
of transacting the business of this coi
poration shall be Lowell. Cochise
Coun'y, Arizona; and the principal
places of transacting business outside
of Arizona shall be such places as the
Board of Directors may from tice to
time by resolution designate; an-1 tni3
corporation shall have such other
places of business, within or without
the State of Arizona, as the Board of
Directors may from time to time by re
solution designate, and at such places
meetings of the Board of Director
may be had.
II
Th3 general nature oi the business
proposed to be trans iced by this cor
poration is as follows, to wit: To ac
quire, own, develop, operate, sell,
lease, mortgage, hypothecate, convey
and otal in, mines, mining, claims, loc
ations, minerals, mineral lands, mil!
sites, real estate, both mineral end
non-mineral, mining property, L( th
real and personal, stamp mills, con
centrating and smelting plants and
works, water and water rights for
power, domestic, mining and other pur
pose'), and easements and rights of
way for ditches, flumes, pipo lines, les
ervoirt, dams, tramways, roa.Ii,, fran
chises and,- railroads, electric, teleg
raph and telephone lines, and roads;
also ta bay and sell ores, bullion and
mineral substances, machinery, tools,
implements and all kinds f personal
properties; also to engage in general
merchandising and commercial ' huf-r-ness;
to own, lease, and operne hotels
and restaurants; to dra-v, make, ac
cept, discount, execute an. I is-jua prom
isory notes, bills of exchange and oth
er negotiable and transferrin instru
ments; to purchase, hold, .sell, issue
and re-issue the shares of capital
stock of this corporation, and to pur
chase, hold, vote, and tran v'er the cap
ital stock of other corporation.
Ill
The amount of capital stock of this
corporation shall be Fifty Thousand
$50,0ou Dollars, divided into Two
Hundred Thousand (200.000) shares,
ot Ihe par value of twenty-five cents
per share, and said stock shall be is
sued full paid, and non-assessable, at
such time or times as the Board of
Directors may designate, in exchange
for cash, property, services, or other
valurofe rights or things, and the judg-
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
' ment of the said Board of Director aa
to the value thereof shall be conclu
sive.
IV
' The time of the commencement ot
this corporation shall be the date ot
. the issue of the certificate of incor
' poration by the Arizona Corporation
1 Commission, and the corporation shall
i enaure lor the full term of twenty
! live Uj) years thereafter, with the
' privilege of perpetual succession, as
! provided by tne statutes.
I V'
I The affairs of this corporation shall
' be conducted by a boara ot seven di
rector i, and those named herein, hold-
mg the respective offices named, shall
constitute tne Board ot Directors until
' tne second Monday of June, A. D.,
YJi'i, and until their successors are
! elected and qualified.
! Tiie highest amount ot liability,
J direct or contingent to which this cor
: poratiou BDall at any time subject il
!self is Thirty-three Tnousand (J33.000)
Dollars.
VII
The first annual meeting of the
stockholders of this corporation shall
be held at its olfices in Lowell, Ari
zona, on the second Monday in June,
mg. at the hour ot 7:30 p. in., and the
reguiar annual meeting ot stockhold
ers shall be held thereafter at the
same place on the second, Monday in
June of each year. At stockholders'
meetings votes may be cast in person
or by proxy. The officers ot this cor
poration shall be a President, a Vice
President, a Secretary, a Treasurer,
and such other officers as may be des
ignated by the Board ot Directors; and
until their successors shall have been
elected and qualified, the following
named persons fhall be the directors
and officers of this corporation: ;
J. L. WINTERS, Waren,
Arizona, President and Director.
J. P. WILLIAMSON. Warren.
Arizona, Vice President and Director.
A. F. BORREGO. Lowell,
Arizona. Secretary-Treasurer.
DiL W. P. SIMS, , Bisbee.
Arizona, Director.
L. B. NAYLOR, Lowell,
Arizona, Director.
SOL J. MORGANSTERN, Lowell.
Arizona, Director.
B. J. FINCH. Lowell,
Arizona. Director.
P. H. WILLIAMSON, . Lowell.
Arizona, Director.
The by-laws of the corporation shall
be such as are adopted at the first
meeting of the incorporators, but the
Board of Directors shall have th-3
power to adopt additional by-laws not
inconsistent therewith.
VIII
The private property of the stock
holders of this corporation shall be ex
empt from all corporate debts ot every
kiud whatsoever.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands this 7th day
of March, 191S.
A. F. BORREGO,
JOHN P. WILLIAMSON,
J. L. WINTERS.
STATE OF ARIZONA
S3. '
COUNTY OF COCHISE
Before me. Edw. J. Flanigan, a not
ary public in and for Cochise County.
Arizona, personally appeared A. P.
Bcrrego, John P. Williamson, and J. L.
Winters, known to me to be the per
sons whose names are subscribed to
the foregoing instrument and ac
knowledged to me that they executed
tbe same for the purposes and con
sideration therein expressed.
Given under my hand and seal ot of
fice this 7th day of March, 1918.
EDW. J. FLANIGAN.
Notary Public, Cochise County. Ariz.
(Mv commission expires February 20,
1920.)
(Notarial Seal)
Filed in the office ot the Arizona
Corporation Commission this 12 day
of March. A. D. 1918 at 3:00 p. m., at
request of EDWARD J. FLANIGAN.
whese postotfice address is Bisbee,
Arizona.
ARIZONA CORPORATION C O M
MISSION, By F. A. JONES.
Chairman.
334
Heater
OH ;
I i
III f
pi I SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 31, 1918.
5.
War Summary
niiivdel finii rane One!
lines, which developed a powerful re-1
Mstance and were further stren?:henr I
6d by he arrival of fre1 reserves. 1
The initial force of the impact. Low
ever, was suui.-ieat lo drive the
French back shall dhvar.ces at anJ
near the p,iiit of ihe salient. Pushing:
westward from the branch of the
Avre, whi. h turn in a northwesterly (
direction frcni Montiiilier. the enemy fcr nunl!)(lrs
forced his way imo several villages French Hol Firm,
within a sreuh of about five miles T,lp Frcn(,M ts displav'ing splen
along the front. Th? advance, as : (lid retan,.e ad while the Germans
shown by the location of the vil- ar evenK 8n enormous part of
lages announced as cap.ureu. rt-vdiiea
a mlxlmuni l aocui nree mne-i in
this sector. Scutii o." Moutdidier the
wedge also as further !riven i:i
about two miies. Fighting at this
point, around Ayencourt. was still in
progress te'e on Sal unlay in a heavy
rainfall.
German:' Want Amiens
The German aim here is apparent
ly to dine westwari from Monidi
dier in a further attempt at cutting,
in at Amiens, from the south. The :
German linhere. however, is already
considerably extended, th' narthern
wing of the advance having by no
nteans kept pace with the southern.
It is Impossible that lie impetuosity
of the German crowno prince, who
commands this group, may be leading
him too far.
. If the push is intended to open a .
southward path for the Germans it .
seems to be exerted too far to the west .
on the southerly line to win a way
readily to the Oise where that river
curves southwest from Noyan and
flows on toward Paris. A possibility
is that the Gennas are attempting to
stav3 off an allied counter blow, at
tacking themselves rather than stand-1
still and be attacked
on this, their ;
most "exposed front.
On the remainder of the front the
situation is virtually without change,
so far as thp official reports reveal.
Baker Well Pleased
American troos in France have
greeted with exultation the news thaV
they are rr be given a part in the
fighting of th-? great ba'tle. Pis-,
patches from the front report them
enthusiastic over the prospect. Sec
retary of War Baker, at American
headquarters, expressed his gratifica
tion at General Pershing's prompt ac
tion in. placing the American forces at
the allies disposal.
90 DIVISIONS FACE
ENGLISH IN OFFENSIVE
. :
Continued from Page One) ,
fenses east of Arras accompanied the
delivery of the attack. South of the
Somme and between that river and the
Avre fighting has continued incessant
ly, attacks and counter attacks taking
place at frequent intervals. The en
emy foiced his way this morning into
the Tillage of Demuin. n the Luceval
ley but is held up at the western out
skirts of the vllge." i
The summary of the war situation
issued by the war office today read:'
"North of the Somme on the Brit
ish front, there is no change in the
situation. South of the Somme we
maintained our positions.
"Further south, during the course of
the day, heavy attacks on the French
front have enabled 'the Germans M
gain ground west of the Avre and
south end -southeast of Montdidier.
"East of this later place heavy
fightiDg is going on and the exact situ
ation is not known.
"The weather has
heavy rain is falling."
broken and a
We're
Just As Particular
As You About Tires
OUR customers are thrifty, calculating
fellows who know tireup-keep costs.
Believe us, we've looked into this tire
proposition from top to bottom.
Take our advice and buy Diamonds, the
one best buy on the market The Dia
monds we have sold our customers are
running farther, giving less trouble, and
costing less in the end than any other
tires we know.
Put a Diamond Tube in a Diamond cas
ing and you have the ideal tire equipment
Phelps-Dodge Mercantile Co.
Phone 550
SQUEEGEISBsISd TIRES
FRENCH COUNTER
ATTACKS HALT
GERMAN ASSAULTS
(Continued from Page One)
he finds himself confronted by troops
who are prepared to meet all his
ni.es. He is throwing division after
division into the battle with what ap
pears to be recklessness, but this
principle of risking an entire force in
order to attain an objective can only
be successful when the adversaries
tnfrinP ,.,,.1!, nr overwhelmed
th : Btrength. the French troops re-
tain their virile iower for makina a
strong eounter stroke, in which they
will be aided by their reserves, which,
tip to the present have for the most
part only been held in readiness to
step into the arena when the enemy
shows signs of weakening.
The Germans appear to have found
time to bring up larpe numbers of
guns and trench mortars. Xothins
definite yet has been accomplished
since today's onslaught, begun. The
French troops are fighting confidently
and cheerfully. It is possible that
some small fluctuations in the line
-jH occur in t.'ie course of the iiay.
nut only at the heaviest cost to tne
Germans, who have agai adopted the
den-ie wave formation duriug the at
tack, offering splendid targets to the
famous French field guns and ma
chine guns.
A large number of American trans
port sections are taking an active part
in hringlne- up supplies. Behind the
lines, especially farther north, rapid
retiremen jn the first days of the bat
tle many Tritish units became separat
ed, but never lost discipline. The
larger units now are undergoing re-
organization preparing to take their
places again in the battle lines.
MONTDIDIER IS NEW
OBJECTIVE OF HUNS
Continued f'n Page One?
rejoins tlw former Brnisn. organ;.
tion at Hebutrne. Bucquoy and Moy-j
enville. It leaves the Cojeul river j
to th" east and the j joins the original
front eastward of Arras.
Today all along the line the enemy
has been trying to find a feeble spot
without success.
Only One Tank Seen j
The morale of both the French and
Itritish troops is notably cheerful.
Xg&Er&ZZ
gas attacks has been efficacious. It
hWf) Hnnoun lnat the Ger.
mans intended to use something ter
rible in the way of gas. but nothing
new has so far appeared. It was pro
claimed that the Germans would use
a swarm of tanks, but only one has
been seen, and that apparently was
one captured from the British at
Cambrai.
LLOYD GEORGE
PRAISES FOCH
("ontlnuert from Pane One)
lure course ca yet be mad-?.
"From the first day the war cabi
net has been in constant session and
in communication with headquarters
and with the French and American
governments. A number of measures
have been-taken in -encert between
the governments to deal with the
emergency.
"The -enemy has had the inralcula
I ble advantage of fighting as on
army. To mcf mis. the allies have. "
sine? the battle beean. taken a most.
important decision. .)
"With the cordial co-operation of
ft? British anj French commanders j
in chief. General Foch, has been'
charged by the British. French and
American governments to oo-ordinnte!
tha action of the allied armies on : i
the western front. 'I
"In addition to the action taken to . -
meet the immediate nd of the mo-
ment it will be necessary to bring
1010 oitmuun certain ra-Murw w uicrr ;
hai long been in contemplation !
should a situation such as the present
arrive. ; country ever confronts. These peri-
"It is clear that, whatever may ! wis are Wednesday evening, when the
happen in this battle, the country 1 stress is not so great, and the time
must be prepared for further sacri-jfom early Saturday afternoon to ear
Ikes to insure final victory. ; I.v Monday morning. They are periods
"I am certain that the uation will; hen the soldiers from Camp Kearny,
shrink from no sacrifice which is re-; near here, have "liberty- and pour in-
quired to secure this result, and thti
necessary plans are being carefully
prepared by the government and will
be announced when parliament
meeis."
ENEMY LOSSES
ARE ENORMOUS
Cnntinnel from Page Onel
capture by the Germans of six vil-
lages in the region of Mondidier ami
dded that on a part of that front
heavy fighting continued and that the, Sleep in Parks
situation was unknown. . I Hotel rooms become hard to get and
Officials were hopeful that the ad- one Saturday night recently, many sol
vices to the French embassy were has-idlers slept an a park because they
ed on later information from the j could not find loggings. Some restau
Freneh front than was the British war J rants patronized chiefly by soldiers
office announcement. The statement generally have a waiting list on these
in the French dispatch that reserves
had stopped the Germans was accepted
as meaning that the full force of the
reserves was used after the Germans
had advanced. The French official
war office statement was expected to
clear up this point.
Senators In Session. .
Members of the senate military
committee during the regular meeting
today with war department officials
were shown on the man in the war
council room the status of the great
battle as reported by General Persh
ing. The meaning of various maneu
vers was explained by officers and
Jhey were not inclined later to under;
rate the seriousness of the German
menace. They were told also, how--
i ever, that the battle was shaping it
self well for the counter blow and
when they left the council rooms they
when they lert tne council rooms tney
had high hopes of the possibility of
mai movement. the trenches here. Is about as busy a
In a cablegram dated last night and;pIape a8 weU can imagined. Much
received at the war department eGn-of tne DUSjne83 jg handled over the
eral Pershing described the situation , telephone and virtually all the slight
on the Iicardy front as "improved. nos, j the headnuartera came from
His dispatch described tbe position of
IUC uoiiic linen utci iiiv .i.r'iiiii? iiuii',
the locations being similar
tO those
outlined in the French and
war office statements today.
British
NATIONAL WAR
I ARflR PRHPRAM ttsed ,n offIce huildings or other prl-4-YDV-'IV
rruurwm Tate telephone exchanges seen in ev-
4(on!iiiiied from Faice One)
formed by men. they must be allowed
equal. pay for equal work and must
not be allotted tasks disproportionate
in I neir si mnri n
tion shall be kept on file by the depart
ment of labor.
"In fixing wages, hours and condi
tions of labor, regard should always
be bad to the labor standards, 'wag?
scales and other conditions prevailing
in the localities affected.
To Settle Disputes.
"The right of all workers, including
common laborers, to a living wage is
I hereby declared.
"In fixing wages, minimum rates or
pay shall be established w hich will in
sure the subsistence or the worker ana
his family in health and reasonable
comfort."
The national war labor board's func
tions and powers include the follow
ing duties:
"To bring about a settlement, by
mediation and conciliation of every
controversy arising between employers
and workers in the field of production
necessary for the effective conduct of
the war.
"To do the same thing in similar con
troversies in other fields on national
activity, delays and obstructions . in
which may affect detrimentally such
production."
TEUTON THRUST FOR
ARRAS EXPECTED SOON
(Continued from Page One
zone below the Somme. This is due
to two reasons. In the first place, the
resistance offered along the northern
front undoubtedly upset the schedule
and plans of the German command.
Finding their progress here too slow,
the Germans turned their attention to
the southern sector, where they had
continued their successes.
In the second place, the entrance of
the French into the battle also raised
a large problem for the enemy and
gave the Germans a further reason
for pushing hard below the Somme, in
order to divide the allied armies if
possible. The probabilities are that
jthe Germans will continue to exploit i
their successes on the south. The ex
tension of the front of attack undoubt
edly is due to the terrain, which is
restricted by the marshy valleys jf
the Avre and the Somme.
Germans Want Arras.
What the enemys' ultimate objective
might be If he should succeed in driv-
! ing his wedge between the two armies
is a matter ot speculation, hut it is
not unreasonable to assume that he
would proceed to the northwest
through Amiens and thence to the sea.
On the extreem north the Germans
probably will press their attack against
Arras for they not only desire posses
sion of the city with its railway facili
ties, hut wish to broaden the salieut
they have driven in the British line.
Dan Browning was In Tombstone
yesterday on business before the su
perior court He went over on the
morning stage and returned on the
evening stage.
"The basic eight-hour dav is to ap-the message was intended: "Get on
ply In all cases in which existing law U line. Rosie." and an orderly at the
requires it. ! other end of the headquarters would
"For the purpose of mobilizing the j Pi( P his receiver. "Sherry speak
labor supply with a view to its rapid he would answer. Each message
and effective distribution a perman- fining in was repeated back as a
ent list of skilled and other workers ch on t.,!eJr!,cy.of iU thfn8'
nai.i in Hi.ferent n-rt of the na- mission. "Meridith in. Jones out," he
Camp Kearny War News
ty ty y ly y y
Where Arizonans Train
SAX DIEGO. Calif., March 30.
Twice a week this city meets and
boi es rouiem in uuusiug m
visloninr which probably is as severe
as any community of like size in the
to San Diego literally by the thousands
When these periods come, work at mess halls so that all who pass may
the camp is at a minimum, set exer-i identify them, The hospital and a;u
cises and drill usually being discontin- ( bulance sections have been particular
ued snd as few men as possible held i ly prolific in this regard,
to the camp routine. At these times, j However, what is probably the most
extra cars are attached to every train . elaborate insignia of any is that which
Irom Camp Kearny to San Diego, and stands before the headquarters of tha
",inibe'"les extra trains are run. Near-
ly everything with four wheels, that;
i can negotiate the road between camp
'and town in a reasonable time and is
j not needed for other purposes, is
i turned into a "stage" and aids in
transporting the throngs.
days, soldiers standing in line to get
;a mel. This, however, is true only of
: those establishments which, for one-
reason -or another, have received a
tacit recognition as "headquarters for
soldiers."
On the days mentioned soldiers and
sailors from stations near here far out
number civilians on the streets. They
throng the sidewalks, occupy fully
half of the room in motion picture
shows and flock to dances and amuse
ment places by the score. The men
are welcomed in town and there is
very little disposition anywhere to ov-
ercharge them.
REAL TRENCH TRAINING
CAMP KEARNY, San Diego. Calif
March 30. Headquarters of the coni-
mand holding a trench area, as exem
pUfled in the recent tour of dutv oi
,he 0fficer,' training school corps, in
,ne voiceg of the men using the tels-
; nfAnna
i Cflrnl linen their niimlier varvln?
with the strength of the command and
the area it held, were run into the
! headquarters and connected to a sniill
exchange directly comparable to those
vate telephone exchanges
I eryday life. An orderly, sitting on the
dirt floor, with a receiver strapped to
his bead, operated the exchange.
"Central," he would call, as some
message canie in. Then a moment
j later, as he founj for what department
would say. checking up in a book the
men who had come in or gone out into
"No Man's Land." As the "zero point"
or time set for an important operation
drew near, the number of men report
ing in increased, until at last the order
ly announced "AH In."
Cipher Messages
At a table near the telephone ex
change, two clerks were having a dif-j
ncuit time translating a cipher mes
sage which had come from a front line
trench. All messages from front line
trenches were handled in cipher, to
prevent the "enemy" from gaining in
formation. In this connection it is per
mitted to reveal that the American
army has apparatus by which tele-1
phone wires at a considerable dis
tance may be "tapped" and their mes
sages overheard without any actual
connection being made with them.
Meanwhile orderlies were coming
and going, officers asleep in the tents
next the headquarters were being i
roused, and, as the time of the opera
tion approached, the telephone order
lies checked fp with the units in the ,
front line trenches to make sure that
each detachment was alert and ready
to play its part.
The idea of "team work" was much
in evidence. While some men were
busily engaged in work connected with 1
the prospective operation, others slept
until the last possible minute, secure
in the certainty that their fellows were
carrying out the work assigned to
them and getting as much rest as pos
sible themselves to he as fresh as pos
sible when the time rame to play their
own parts. 1
Nobody In the headquarters hurried,
no loud words were spoken, but every-:
thing moved as if by clock work, with
each man performing his particular
work rapidly and quietly. Just outside
the headquarters a party of signal
corps men were . busy reading a long
heliograph message flashed from a hill
some distance aw ay.' The whole scene
and the activities in it gave the im
pression of a tremendous and forceful '
machine moving steadily toward a d3-'
termlned end. without baste or waste
or inefficiency.
"NO MAN'S LAND"
CAMP KEARNY. San Diego. Calif.
March 30. How if feels to crawl
through "No Man's Land" in the dark,
wearing a gas mask, and search for
wounded comrades, was experienced a
few days ago by the sanitary detach
ment of the 145th (Utah) Field Arti
lery. x
A detachment of the men wTre or
dered out for this work, in a supposed
ly gas-Infested area, to rescue a num
ber of their comrades who had been
placed in the area and tagged with va
rious suppositious wounds. These
ranged from sprained ankles to frac
tured skulls and each wounded man
was required to- he treated, in trans
portation, exactly as though his wound
had been real.
In an hour's time the sanitary de
tachment located and rescued all bur
one of the "wounded." The missing
man. who had wormed his way out of j
iuc urifiiioiru aira a ui m-
lowed to "die" as a reward for his
"
yraiiK, us low sanitary
abandoned him.
detachment
UNITS ERECT INSIGNIA
CAMP KEARNY. San Diego. Calif.
March 30. Manv of the organizations
at Camp Kearny, both regiments and
smaller units, have erected elainirate
insignia before their headquarters or
H4th field artillery (California Griza-
lies. This insignia, while simple, is
'worked out in excellent detail and with
! faithfulness to the natural objects it
! depicts. At the top. on a "plaque, stand
i ing so that anyone in the street 20
yards or more away can see and identi
fy with ease, is a small grizzly bear,
done in gray cement. At the bear's
feet is a large space, covered with
white cement and edged .with black
cobblestones set in cement. On this
is the American eagle, bearing the can
ventional red. white and blue shield on
its breast. The eagle is done in low
relief, in cement, and the red bars on
the shield are raised. Beneath this
are the crossed cannons of an artillery
regiment. There is a walk on each
side of this insignia and the remainder
of the space before headquarters and
along officers' row is planted to grass.
Some of the supply companies, on
the other side of camp from the Grizz
lies, have the supply insignia, a wagon
wheel, worked out in cobblestones on
lawns before their stables. The cob-
bles are whitewashed and make a fine
appearance against the green of the
grass.
There is not a. regiment which has
not walks marked out before its offic
ers quarters and mess halls with cob
blestones, many of which have the cob -
bles w hitewashed. The headquarters
of the California infantry brigade.
made up of the 159th and 160th regi-
menu, are marked in this way. and
have a fine lawn before them. Cairns
of large cobbles, whitewashed, hold up
the flagpole and the standards of the
guidons at this headquarters.
FLIERS HIT LUXEMBURG.
AMSTERDAM. March 30. Advices
from Berlin say that at 12:45 Thurs
day afternoon allied airmen attacked
the town of Luxemburg. Ten persons
have thus far been reported
Houses were heavily damaged.
killed,
- BRING RESULTS
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
St the trail
I
j COME EARLY jff,
fK,
We .till Vv'i&As!,
1 1 won dertul t iJf.JfJ.
work.nd .I'V; Sf,'7K ,
I dress shoei. J X X
! Take ad- : T 4,
j vantage of :ffeA
j this big sale x
at! f J' ,
I J Remember our V
$8,000 stock of
tacrificed. L O
Shoes for work and for play. Come
early and pick them out
We Must Sell
Out Our Big
Stock This Week
to make room for new goods. Don't
delay act now and save the price of
a new shirt.
Electric Shoe Shop
BREWERY GULCH
I TUCSON MERCHANT
ABSENT FROM CAMP
Rv Review leased Vlre)
TV! 'SON. Ariz.. March :'-
When!
the roll was called today of the Pima
county draft contingent to go to camp,
Harold Steinfeld, son of Albert Stein
feld. millionaire merchant of Tucson,
was recorded as being "abssni" He
Is reported to be in New York at the
Hotel Ansonia Chief of Police Bal-
l?y was instructed by the local draft
t - , , ctftlnfuM nl Krino him
p0? to J. v":.LU
.1. . , . . i . :
i uum r w iriiam
, tils wnereaDoms.
The local board acted on instruc
tions from Adjuant General Harris of
Arizona.
THEODORE DALGLEISH
. wsi imh inim
Theodore Dalsleish. whom Bisbe-j
clcittis as ftiie of her own sons, un
able to 1 iger resist the call of his
country, and with the permission ot
hi.-t parents, has signed up as a mem
Ler of the Cnitd Stales navy. He has
passed the rigid naval examinations
and departed for San Francisco.
In the Bay City he will be enrolled
in the medical training school. Youn
I algieish was born and reared in this
disttict. H- attended the lii.-bee high
school, where he stood high in his
class work, and where he was known
to the student body as as the "star
end" for his work with the football
team.
LOS ANGELES SALOONS CLOSED.
(Pv Rvlew Leased Wire)
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 30.
John Barleycorn virtually terminated
, hjs leKalize"d activities in this city at
twelve o'clock tonight when 125 s& -
loons and a wnoiesaie nouses cioseu -
their doors for the last time under a'
new dry ordinance adopted at a spe-
cial local option election. An injunc-1
tion suit against the closing was pend-:
ing but the liquor men conceded defeat '
Sale of lieht wines, however, is per-
mitted with meals in hotels and res-
taurants within specified hours and
"package goods" may be sold Under
restrictions.
LIBERTY" LOAN BILL.
' ,Kv Rvjey T,nMd Wire)
WASHINGTON. March 30. The i
Liberty Loan bond bill was passed !
unanimously by the house tonight in J
virtually the same form as reported !
fro rathe wavs and means committee
which framed it in accord with recom
mendations of Secretary McAdoo. It .
now goes to the senate, which is ex-.
pected to pass it Monday.
RELEASE MRS. MOONEY.
itiv Review I.ease.1 Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. March SO.
Mrs. Rena Mooney was granted rel-
ease from jail today on $7700 on eacn
of two murder charges against her in
connection with a preparedness day
I bomb explosion nere in ism, ny super-
lior judge Frank Dunne.
To THIS STORE
TOMORROW
And Save
Shoes
w - is
XT
BASEBALL RESULTS
CUBS BEAT SEALS
SAX FKANCISCO. March 30.-
: ore: n.
Chicago National.- 5 7 -
i San Francisco 1 8 2
Batteries Vaughn. Heudrix and
Ki'ifer. OTarrell; Johnson. Dohbsand
Lrcoks.
GIANTS GRAB GAME.
( llv Ffvifw I,ewl Vi"-l
SAN ANTON IA. March 30. Exhi
bition game. Score: U- H. E.
New York Nationals .... X 1"
San Antonio. Texas League ...1 6 1
Schupp. Tesreau. Schaefer and Mc-
Carty; Ross and Gibson.
RED SOX BEAT DODCERS.
(Br RpvIaw I-nM-l WirM
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. March 3
At Camp Pike: , R. H. E.
Boston Americans 4 9 0
Brooklyn Nationals 3 10 1
Met 'able, Ruth and Sciiang, Agnew;
Marquard, Griner. Mitchell and Miller.
INDIANS BLANK PELS.
H- Hviw l-;iil Wir-
NEW ORLEANS. March 30. The
Cleveland Americans shut out the New
Orleans Southern association team
I'ere today. 1 to 0 In 11 inning. Otil '
five hits were made. Score: It. A. E.
Cleveland 1 S 1
New Orleans 0 3
Ccveleski. Wilkinson and Billings.
O'Neill; Johnson, Bordes and Kitch
ens, Peters.
TIGERS TRIM TEXANS.
Bv Review Lease,) Wlrel
DALLAS. March 30. Exhibition
Score: R. H. E.
i Detroit Americans 10 10 3
j Vinn'eran. Hall and J. Cobb. Stan
I
Dallas, Texas League 2
iage; Lewis. Compere and Dowie.
-
WHITE S0f WIN.
nv pvi-w 1,-ase.i wii-m
HOUSTON. March 30. Exhibition,
Score: R. H. E.
Chicaro Americans 11 15 -
Houston. Texas League 2 9 a
Vililams and Lees; Sniithson, Glenn
and Noyes.
PHILS BEAT BRAVES.
'y Review Insert Wil
MIAMI. Fla.. March 30. Score:
Philadelphia Nationals 3 "
Boston Nationals 1 7 2
' Mayer. Oeschger and Adams; Roon
ey. Ganovan. Murray and Tragesser.
MISS GALLIGAN WINS
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
DETROIT. Mich.. March 30. Claire
Galligan of Nw York tonight won the
national A. A. V. 5i0-yard free-siyle
swim for women at the Detroit Ath
lete club. Her time was 7:44 3-5.
DEFATE SOLD
(Rv Review leased Wire)
ST. PALL. Minn.. March 30.
Clyde Defate. outfielder, was sold to-
1 day by the St
Paul American associ
the Omaha V-?st?rn
anan ciuu iu
league club.
Money on Your
There sOnly
Few Days Left,
for Our Mam
moth CLEAR
ANCE SALE
Will End This
Week.
Hundreds of pairs of high-grade shoes will
be sold this week at less than wholesale
prices. Come early before the best bar
gains are taken.
Get TWO PAIRS of classy shoes at
this big sale for the regular Price of ONE.
COME EARLY
BISBEE SEVEN
r
THE BlSBEE DAILY REVIEW, bUNOAY-MORMNO; MARCH 3i, 1918, "
s
t
i
i
J
TRAINING SCHOOL
FOR LANDLUBBERS
TURNS OUT TARSI?
CUU1U Uaj LUUiU91UUClU SO
Growing Out of All
Bounds; Quick Construc
tion Makes Plant Possible.
NEW YORK, March 30. Uncle
Sam's training school for landlubbers
and salts at Pelham Bay where a
youth may enter without any know
ledge of seafaring life and in a few
months, perhaps, emerge a chief petty j
i .uccr or an ensign is growing out i
.. . ounds. Five thousand potential
lighting men were there shortly
..... the station opened last Novem
.. and by July 1 next. It is announced
ine number will have been Increased
to 21,000.
Commander W. B. Franklin, in
charge of the camp recently declared
"Peace with victory over Germany can
only be achieved by continuing our
preparations for war with increased
energy and firmer resolve. Hope ot
peace, slackening the pieparation and
restraining the energetic prosecution
of the war, is a perilous dream. The
organization and training of this naval
reserve force should be a source ol
pride to the entire country."
Remarkable things in the way of
quick construction have been accom
plished on the great 800-acre tract injgon began hia lccture jast nignt
me last lew uiuuiuh kuu iwhj, nuiv
was once a beautiful forest on tha
edge of an arm of Long Island Sound,
is a model community with electrically
lighted, steam heated buildings and
well arranged and paved streets. For
instance, a comfortable structure cap-!
able of housing 128 men, was put up in j
two days and this speed has been main j
tained ever since camp opened. The I
power plant, especially built for the I
training station, consumes sixty tons .
of coal daily.
Pelham Bar Naval Training station
is making sailoi-s with the regularity j
and expedition of a mill. Working in
cooperation with Commander Franklin
is Truman H. Newberry, formerly sec
retary of the navy, whose knowledge
and keen interest in everything mari
time and American is a decided asset
for the institution where the greatest
number of naval reserves are assem
bled in one group.
The station now consists of five
schools, as follows: Radio School,
Quartermaster's School, Officers' Ma
terial School. Merchant Marine School,
and Chief Petty Officers' School. In
any one of these branches the proba
tioner, or recruit coming, say from
QYEZ!
OYEZ!
a, " -.
"Secure eure lire service in Tested Tires. Tlij pivc sure service becans; '
it is proven service. "Their endurance and dnrability have been proved
ia the one way to assure mileage to the motorist, under the car on the
road, every type of road, throughout 4,178,74-i tire miles."
That is the verdict , of the jury cf Goodrich's forty Test Cars, which,
for a year have hammered Goodrich Tires from state to state, putting the
nation-wide test to them, ' Every kind of road, every kind of climate,
every kind of weather shared in that verdict.
"These tires defeated us," the roads testified. On such testimony the
verdict of the Test Cars proclaims, "Matchless in strength and dependa
bility are Goodrich Tested Tires." Here is certainty of service for tho tiro
i
i
I
WWrt Tn im Tin Sam
C nri Tito .r- SkiU
LmCMtri Evarrwiicn
r;
THE B. F. GOODRICH CTPNY
w.
u
... i THE CITY
isbe'e
Upper Main St
! some iulaud V.ity. may establish him- r
! self after undergoing 21 days of pre- )
1 Iuuiuary Work. This period of proba- !
tion is intended to give the officers
cTAor?he1e
: Ai VJ. - tf- ?JLi!,it LV?n .or
And then his training begins In
I j'jom 7 a ra until 4-30 p m the
naval officer-to-oe is kept pretty busy
'drilling, attending lectures on navigiv
. and seamanship, and studying. At-
o iVwi -w.mnfin rln.n
soon the boys are wrapped in slumber.
( Every opportunity is afforded each j
boy to develop the initiative, self-con-j
trol, and physical and mental strength j
inui may leuu. some uay. iu uia ucius
in command ol a ship and the whole
coursp at study has that aim in view.
Consequently, eith regular hotfrs, good
wholesome food in abundance and a
program of study that keeps every
Kw.., 4-, 4 A.nn n at m na n honrhin tT
pch. there has grown up in the Pe.-
enthusiasm that would
blooded American good
ua, u u,.po-, wuBU iu, Mormon profeion and pracike re-
? VnlK the dutiw of cilSnsMp. and
ment. will consist of 10,000 loaves o;i . . . , . ,fc rf
bread. 40.000 rolls. 2,400 pies. 18.000 ; ?:t
j i i r a 1 l. . U A i
. m m n nnn m m I
and
-n .rf- nnn n,a-rt companiments of the last days, proced
covers an "ot U.mvam , , the Becond advent of th(J ,.hrl8l
o Liu lj k v ci a an aim ui ii,uuv ouai?;
' faal ortfl mnra than o rtinnaonH trtAn oiA '
1 ""' . " " . " "
required to handle the commissary
end of this big enterprise.
AFRICAN EXPLORER
TALKS AT Y. M. G. A.
J. B. Thornhill, African explorer.
woo was introduces. Dy oiacK ijonaiu-.
in
the V. M. C. A. by describing rough
ly by the use of a map the geography
of Africa. ' -
The Vatanga copper belt, is now
producive and SO million pounds of
copper a year and this copper is rail-;the
ltW ""les to tjena. uie pori oi;
o""1" ,u,uura"' tt"u ! ord, when Lucifer, son of the morning
oeo. m,Ies to ?ur?p' .After,th. wariand arch-autocrat, fought and was csrt
railway will ue Duut rrom looho to;ou, with hia rebellious hords. Dr.
the Vatango copper mines so that the
copper win only De carried uu nines
w riu mm iwu vy o.
The copper in Katanga is little short
01 marvelous it air. i uornniu s ac
count is correct. One of the two
bindred. coppvjr mines alone heing
capable Of supplying the world for
ten years wut-a .coppqr, wonting tion. He stated that the Mormon
only up to the 300-foot level. church is peculiarly and direct lv con-
The lecturer answered questions ; cemed in the outcome, inasmuch as
put to him by several members of his tne church holds that upon it has been
audience. The gist of hte question- iai(j tue divine commission to carry the
ing led to showing that the whole; message of the restored gospol to ev
country was in the hands of one orery nation, kindred, tongue apd people
two monopolists and that there were
few chances, if any, for American en
terprise at present.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
& 178, 744;
Tire Miles
s.BEST lN THE JLONG RUM i&&P$i&&
0"gjo)nfpjU
7ESH!tTIRS
OYEZ! Hear the Verdict of
user, because it -s proven service. .
SILVERTOWN C02DS, and SLACK SAFETY TREADS hvo
proved themselves ir actual road tests under light and heavy car?,
conquerors of the road? Hearken to this ver- ' '
diet brought from America's roads, and make
sure of your tire senice in the tires that
won the title "America's Tccted Tires."
OF GOOOP.ICM AKRON, OHIO. iV 3 ,4 '-'
Auto Co
AGENTS
MORMONISM AND THE WAR
BENSOX' Ar,- March 30- K" P-
' Hall was filled to capacity last Sunday
ear-inif;ht when Jameg R TalmaRe ol .
' Salt ake city delivered a lecture deal-
war. A choir comprising members
from all the near-by branches of the
Mormon church furnished excellent
,n BPlrit rendition Tot "America"
ducted the opening and closing exer
cises; Elder M. Powell Cosby cffor,-d
the invocation and Elder Lvi Nelson
of the St. David bishopric pruuoiince.l
the benediction.
Dr. T8lmage is one of the presiding
officials of the Mormon church and is
widely known in educational and scien
tific circles both in this countrv and
abroad. He was formerly president c'
the University of Utah, and is a .nem
ber of several learned societlci both
riMWltf U in
.-In
h r l I ereat struggle aga.iist Teutonic autcc
iW hhM racv Is very gen.5r!ly l.nown and tl is
, J: i,ithe lecturer said is Hie natural result
LI IUC LUUI'.U l ' ft av
B
Mormonism, suid the spealser does
not sanction war any more than it sane
tions sin. But sin is a fact in the
world and must be met and so with th3
present world conflict. He proceeded
to show that such evils as war are in
evitable results of definite causes an 1
emphasized the distinction, between
the will of Deity and God's permitting
the existence of evil.
He affirmed the omnipotence of Dei
ty in the assurance that eventual good
will be brought out of this great evil.
and held that when the titanic struggle
is halted the world will regard the fun
damentals of human liberty from new
angles. The lecturer went on to say
that the nation had entered the war"
for the vindication of the rights of
mankind and likened the conflict to
primeval war between unembodied
Bpjriu of whicn the scriptures bear rec
Taimae neid that God's foreknow
ledge lnat 8Uch a connict would ensue
was not a determining cause. The
state of the world in latter days ras
foreseen, and the war of nations was
foretold by inspired prophets .is a
means of establishing on a surer I'nin
datiou the rights of conscience nnd ac-
untn the doors of the nations r.re nnen-
ed to free speech, a free press, freedom
in worship and liberty of conscience.
with the ever-present condition that
such liberty shall be held sacred and
the Test Cer Jury.
i
. 4
I
I
Coi-:t that d:r t
whi:?i buy a W
Sjvi.-.g 5ti p.
Phone 5 1
m
a:
9'.
mpany
v . i iiiui
never b" deraded ,n,to or "
cens9 lor unlawful acls.
Mormoni(im aver8 that tU3 neclara.
tion of Independence and the Constitu-
ed up and Inspired for this epoch-making
labor and that these basal instru
ments are veritably the scriptures of
the nation.
Mormonism. he explained, is a relig
ion jf every-day life, dealing no: alcn!
with Fplritual matters but also with
the duties of citizenship and activity in
all material affairs.
The lecture will be long remembered
by all who were privileged to hear it.
Personal Items
Ms Minnie Miller left yesterday
on the afternoon stage for Tombstone
where she will visit with friends over
Sunday. - '
Miss Margaret Attaway left lar.t
night on the Golden State Limited for
Los Angeles where she expects to re
main for some time.
Miss Jesse Habsell left last night ou
the Golden State Limited for Lon
Beach. California, where she will re
main for the summer months. She
was formerly employed in the dental
office of Gonzalez and Tuell.
Chas. Pelti. was in the county seat
yesterday on business before the su
perior court. He returned home on
the evening stage.
Jess Routh, a well known character
about town, returned yesterday after
an absence of several weeks.
Miss Elsie Toles. county school su
perintendent, has returned to her
home in Tombstone after spending a
couple of days here on business con
nected with her 'office.
Mr.' and Mrs. 'A. L. Clyburn have
yone to Dallas, Texas, where they ex,
pect to make their future home.
Gus Johnson, proprietor of the Bis.-
bee Fuel and Feed company has re
turned to his home in Coronado, Call'
fornia, -where he will spend the sum
mer months.
John Bankard. of the C. & A. of
fices, is spending a few days on the
coast on a business "trip.
J. A. Robinson left Friday for
Springfield. Missouri, where he ex
pects to remain for sometime.
C. W. Allen, of this city, has been in
Phoenix the past few days on a busi
ness trip. He is expected home this
evening.
Mr. and Mrs. George Altenburg left
Friday for "Globe, where they expect
to mane ineir iuiure nome.
Mrs. Belle Stevens has gone to
Phoenix, where the expects to remain
for some time on a visit to relatives.
James Bennett1 was an outgoing pas
senger yesterday for Phoenix, where
he will remain for a short time.
Mrs. C. E. Lane left for Long Beach
on the Golden State Limited last night
where she will visit friends.
J. H. Wood worth was an outgoing
passenger last night on the Golde.i
State. Limited for Tucson.
G. P. Schultz-'iwas a passenger on
the Golden Start Limited last night.
for Los Angeles.' :'
J. Burnett left last night for Los
Angeles on the Golden- State Limited.
Geo.. Short was an outgoing pas
senger last night for Tucson.
Mrs. S. F. Ellett left yesterday oh
the East bound train for Fort Worth.
Texas.
Wm. Jagoe leTt yesterday for L03
Angeles.
Wm. Foster left yesterday morning
ion the Golden State Limited for Los
Angeles, where lie will remain for a
few weeks.
Charlie Thomas was in the city yes
terday from his ranch over the Divide!
O. Ray has gone to Los Angeles,
w here he will remain for a short time
visiting friends.
Theodore Groback left on the
Golden State Limited last night for
Yuma.
E, E, WHITELY NAKED
AS SCHOOL TRUSTEE
E. E. Whitely, of Warren, was elect
ed to the office of school trustee of
the Warren district schools in an elec
tion which yesterday afternoon at
tracted small interest. Only fifty
votes were casted, all of Ihem for .Mr.
Whitely. who was unopposed in the
race. One trustee is elected each
year.
Mr. Whitely will take place vacated
by John Mason Ross, retiring trustee,
who declined because of the press of
business to again accept the office. As
Mr. Koss and Mr. Whitely are both
residents of Warren, the election of
the latter assures the lower district
representation. .;
MARGUERITE CLARK
EAGLE FEATURE TODAY
A novelty th'it is unlr.ija in iif. in
terest is The Paramount photoplay
Kali's Diary" from the famous slory
by Mary Roberts Kinehart which ap
peared in the Saturday Kvening Post.
Hah. the pretty harding-schMl girl
heroine tells of her expe-iencwi with
a family which ptTsisls in treating her
as a little girl and which Fhe pretty
thoroughly frightens by pretending to
be engaged to someone they had never
seen. The titles are taKen fnun the
original hook ami their charm lies in -the
droll spelling and naive charm of
filming a diary, page by page, has been i
adopted "Bab's Ijiary" starring Mar-
guerite Clark, will be shown tod iy and j
Monday at the Kaile theatre, rentinu-!
ous performance 1 In 11 p. in. 1
INCREASE GOLD RESERVE. !
i
IH-Rvif-'l.;it Vll- l I
WASHINGTON".-March :;.-Increase :
of H3.fMiii.iHiO in gold reserves. H'UHi".!
MH) in bills discounted. J.IS.OiiO.ooi) In'
earning assets, and- !42.mhi.i00 in
lotal resources, is indicated by this
week's federal reserve hoard state
ment showing the condition .of the 1.'
banks al the close of business March
ana 29.
STAMP SALES
III ARIZONA FALL
BELOW ALLOTMENT
Report of Treasury Depart
ment for February and for
Duration of Campaign
"Show All States Lagging.
That Arizona-is not altogether lag
ging in the sale or thrift stamps and
baby lilerty bonds is disclosed in the
report or the treasury department is
sued March 19. and received . in the
Warren District yesterday.1 In ' total
sales for February' the state ranks well
at th-j foremost position, while in per
capita sales Arizona is half-way down
the coltimu. One Arizona man is given
honorable mention for sales on rural
mail routes.
Total sales of stamps and bonds for
February, according to the report, for
the nation, were $46.781.17S.31, or
average of 44 cents per capit i. Arizo
na ranked eleventh in this list, with
sales totaling $1GS.5"4.90. or 63 cents
per capita, 19 cents above the per capita-average
for the nation.- Nebraska
led all states ot the union for February
with total sales of $2,699,558.77, or a
per capita sale of $2.(S. Maryland was
second and New Mexico third in this
list. Mississippi, Alabama and Sou' n
Carolina brought up the end of the
lists for February.
. Total sales from the beginning of
the campaign to February 28. show
$94,137,021.35, or 89 cents per capita
for the nation. Arizona ranked twen
tieth of forty-nine included, with total
sales of $261,327.02. or 99 cents per
capita. Nebraska led with $5,689,711
.03. or $4.39 per capita with Missouri
and Kansas in second and third places.
New Mexico dropped to fifth place in
the sales since the campaign began.
The report shows some striking
facts. Not a single state in the union
has subscribed to the quota of stamps
allot ed to it for the first quarter of the
year if the $20 per capita for the na
tion for the year be adopted as a stan
dard. Nebraska has come close wifu
$4.34. but no other state has come with
in half of the $5 which should have
been subscribed. In Arizona only one
fifth of the quote which the state
should have raised had been subscrib
ed, and more than one-halt of that was
secured during February. It is proba
ble that Nebraska will have passed the
$5 mark when the March figures are
reported, butt It is not probable that
any other state will have maintained
its average. Arizona will have consid
erably surpassed the 99 cent per capita
mark on April 1, but will still be far
behind what the government is asking.
H. B. Griffith of Tempe was placed
on the honor roll of rural mail carriers
fof Arizona with the sale of ' $13.63
worth of stamps. According to the
post office department records rural
carrier W. H. Wilson, of Lynnvillev
Tenn.. leads the roll of honor with
sales totaling $4,544. I. O. Roberts of
Carrollton, Mo., is second with $2,903
.62 sales and E. D. Williams, of Mor
gantown, Ind., is third with $2,661.52
sales.
LIBERTY LOAN DRIVE
COMMITTEES CALLED
Jclm ' U. Gaines, chairman of the
second Liberty loan drive for Cochise
county, which arhieved such a splen
did suicess. is calling on his old com
mittee to assist at the chamber of
commerce rooms in 'he Copper Queen
hotel Wednesday niht at 7:30 to per
fect an organization for the third bis
Liberty loan drive.
"I want to have all of t:.e old com
mittee -serve who will and possibly
can." said Mr. Gaines. "No belter
men can be found for t'.e work. They
nerformed wondirs in the last offen
sive." . The real work of the third drive
will begin here April 8.
GREAT ALAMO SHOWS
, , IS LARGEST ENTOUR
i
Tl.. U-...I l.n... -...... 4 1., .K... -
i lit; m mam uira: .-tt.iiiiu n . ,
which will open their week's encag?-,
-.1.n in .!... ,.l.w j. . 1 .
i.. 111 ifui. i ui .! uiii ! iij . i?i ai.il r
nud n ost pretentious carnival organ-
1 -. ...... .l. I . 1.
izdiiim, iu i .li i, me idrjym 01 lis
kind entour. j
Fifteen new and nova!, as well .as
pleasing and amusing attractions and
rid?' o-rupy a most hcuiiiilully
well lighted .Midway, with its thou
sands of fieri rie liuhts. The sho
'?n!' ; a -1! oru;i'd concert baml.
uiu'iT I lie le 'dvlihip of Paul IS. l'ren
tiss. . ',
RED CRWcALLS
FOR NEW WORKERS
Th: Red Crt.s-i nil for clothing for
Prlimp Wo re-pndei to moM cen
rrciisly hy the lii-iru!. uri-nrding ti
Mis. C. Ii. Thmjsrn, in charge of
the work Mrs. Thompson announced
yM-r:!nv lh:il 4".H ; iiitkIs of iln'hins
fad been shipped from !;ert. And she
v ishM I he lievirw to express fur
the Red t'ros ladi'-s their apprecia
tion -2 tli donations. . Mo-U of the
tinMck iif cloil In; pfveiu trt - sub
stantial, servicable and warm.
Hut the i all of tile Ke-l Cross righ' '
now in this district Is fr imre work
er?. There sre plenty e" supplies on
ra:;d; the calls lor :i, n y have been
met with liberality, h it the cail for
wori-cts at i lie Kcd Cns rooms has
not been lii-iil tlnly a few of the
r,ii lo ; e v.ith -.i-v-fb ajd tli-
WAR
bles and willing hearts to help. The
toll of the war the past ten days has I
been beyond anything yet exacted by i
this most deadly of all struggles. More
and yet more work must be done.
It is not by a few faithful Red
Cross ladies working hard that the
demand of the allied armies will be
m?t, but by many ladies working with
willing zeal. The call now is for
workers. Will tlie Warren district
women hear this call?
CITY PREPARES FOR
TUESDAY'S ELECTION
Preparations for the city primary
flection to be heM on Tuesday. April
2. are fast being completed by the
city clerk. Registration last night
had reached approximately 1300. The
making up of the register and lists
for the polls will h?gin this morning
and will continue probably until late
into Monday night
Polls for the primary will open oir
Tuesday morning at 6 o'clock and will
remain open for 12 hours, until Tues
day evening at 6 o'clock. One polling
place for each ward will be provided
as follows.
First ward City hall.
Second ward Allu block.
Third ward Palace undertaking
parlors.
FJection offeials, challengers and
others who will have charge of the
primaries have already been named
by the city. With th-j completion of
the poll lists the preparations for the
election will have been concluded.
Registration of voters for the city
primary will continue Monday, City
("lerk M. L. Itatler announced last
night. Arrangements have been made
for placing the names rc-ceived on
that day on 'he polling lists.
MAKE FINE SHOWING.
NEW YORK. March 30. The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trtist companies for the week shows
that they hold $61,399,120 reserve in
excess of legal requirements. This is
an increase of $6,433,290 from last
week.'
TO TRY GREEK KING.
ATHENS, March 30. As a result of
charges brought by the public prosec
utor, a court martial has ordered the
criminal prosecution of former King
Constantine.
TODAY'S Y. M. C. A. PROGRAM.
The Y. M. C. A. Sunday program is
announced for today as follows:
4:30 Song service.
5:00 Address. Allan Kirchbaum.
5:30 Fellowship Bible study class,
J. A. Henderson, leader.
7:00 Travel club, Alonzo Crit
tenden, Spring Shoes That
and come up a-smilin -at
the end of the dressv
man's race for popular
favor. The feel and the
fit are as fine as can be
we've worn them ourselves
and know this is so. Our
prices are right, too
$4.50 to $10
HANDLED
ONLY BY
JOE
MAIN STREET
'In the Service of
Our Country"
View our beautiful window display .consist
ing of scores of photographs of Warren Dis-
Arid men who are now in Uncle Sam s service.
DIX
"The Photographer in Your Town"
MAIN STREET - BISBEE
-j - -
Easter Sunday Dinner
TODAY
English Kitchen
Consbting of FRESH OYSTER SOUP, COM
BINATION SALAD; your choice of ROAST
TURKEY, DOMESTIC DUCKK. C MILK
IAMB, K. C PRIME RiB, PIE, PUDDING,
ICE CREAM and DRINKS
A LL FOR 60c
V--. .
- r
i
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
'SWEET MEMORIAL'
Bisbee Commandery No. 4, Knights
Templar, will hold this morning spe
cial Easter services in the form of a
'sweet memorial' at Si. John's church.
Prayers will be held by the Sir Knigh.
Prelate, and the Commandery will at
tend in full force. A salute to the
flag will be among the patriotic fea
tures of the service. Program of the
service has been issued.
The rector, Rer. Jacob Moreton
White, will deliver the sermon, taking
as his text, "Be not afraid or dismay
ed by reason of this great multitude;
for the battle is not yours but God's.
Chronicles zx:15. Among the :
hymns of the service will be "Onward
Christian Soldiers,"" and "The Strife is
O'er, the Battle. Done." The service
will be impressive and patriotic.
10-Cent Dance
BROPHY HALL
LOWELL
Every Tuesday and Friday
Nights.
Harmon's Orchestra
Foar Pieces.
Admission, ST.OO for the evening,
or 10 cents each dance.
Y.W.CA. CAFETERIA
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Prices Reasonable
Breakfast 6:50 to 8:30
Lunch 11:30 to 1:30
Dinner 5:00 to 6:30
GREAT PENTECOSTAL
Camp Meeting
At Phoenix, Ariz., beginning March
31, and continuing as the Lord
wills. Spiritual and hungry people
of every kind and color invited to
this Feast of Taoernaclea. Preach
ing, singing and praying in the
Holy Ghost.
Every effort made to assist those
from abroad. Write
S. S. SCULL
121 E. Jefferson, Phoenix, Arix.
Will Win in al Walk
DICKSTEIN
NEXT TO REVIEW BUILDING
AT THE
000, OUi II ALL A i
EIGHT
TH?. FI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 31, 191S.
a
TBAI
1
TODAY POSITIVELY LAST TIME
Al ME
CONTINUOUS, ? TO 11
I
of all men so far whh the ox.-eptim
of the des-Ttcrs and del'.xiucnis.
These men cie b ini; picked ii al
most daily.
r "sr iff a 5 . r
EAGL
E
Mary j.' icandaii. . traine i nurse TODAY AND MONDAY Continuous, 1 to 11 TODAY AND MONDAY f
1 I I11 O.I' "f V J . j'... i
In Response to Numerous Requests, the Management Has Held "THE BARRIER"
Over for Today.
mined to the state hospital at Phoe-
' nix after p hearing in the superior
court. The unfortuante woman is
suffering from a nervous breakdown
j and knows that her mind is unbal
anced. She is affected r.nly at times.
I She will be taken to Phoenix.
in mini .J, J i.U'1
fa i3 ft ;-5
Hex Ju
it s
eac
Mighty Photo Drama
N m rj s
jl-v -1
tea hu
RETURNED HOME
i J. N. Gaines, secretarv of the Tax-
payers' association, left yesterday
afternccn for his horn-: in Tombstone
after a stay here of several days on
business "wnnected with that organ
isation, lie was in Douglas yester
day on bus.ine.ss connected with the
Dollar, purify souad and th work-
ing of tcotb-pce.-s ' ,n ti:e county
i reads.
REX BEACH,
AUTHOR OP
THE BARRIER
c4Mrmou.ro rr
LEWIS J. SEUWCKi
IN EIGHT ACTS
LATTER DAY SAINTS. '
The difference between the two Lt-!
ler Day churches will be the. topic cf
n lecture which will be delivered on
Tuesday evening, April 2. at 7:30
o'clock at th Woman's club building
by Elder S. D. CondiL of the recogni(
ed church of Jesus Christ of Latter
Day Saints, fceats will be free, and
the public is invited to attend. '.
I
n i
A'dolph Zufcor Presents
CLARK!
A FAITHFUL PORTRAYAL OF LAWLESS LIFE OF ALASKA AND CALIFORNIA
IN THE EARLY DAYS THE LAST FRO NITERS OF CIVILIZATION.
Music By Orchestra
ON WAY TO WASHINGTON I
: Maj. Francis E. Shine of this city.
: stale director of the medical advisory
i boards, in now on bis way to Wash-
im,ton. where he has been called. H):
accompmied Governor Hunt and Ad-:
, jutant General Harris. The party will :
1 1 visit Camp Grant in Illinois, and Camp
Funstcn. in. Kansas, before they re-;
ti.rn. They are not expected back 1
llbcfor the 14th of April.
- i -;
; -1- -
"?! -t iVlt 5 V '-: '4
,i T
"BAB'S
fit,' i;ti,.-
f-- - i
1
1
Letters JS: v
::r,ovc I
lake-Be-
Ii
I
I arm n i
r tl f. KIU . & .K M to U J H
ADMISSION NIGHTS 25c AND EOc
SATURDAY MATIJEE 15c AND 25c
TOMORROW-
I -Li. iL
ill
THE FICTURE EXTRAORDINARY IN EIGHT
big Acre
CRE TO JURY
I The case of G. J. McCabe vs. Mor
i rison et al.. which involves the que.v
Ition of title to mining property in
i the Hiiacbuca mountains, was com-
pleted in the supei ior court at Torab-
stone yesteriav ani given to the jury
about noon. The case has been on
trial thre for the past few davs. The
iury had not brought in a verdict up
to the hour of closing court at 5
o'clock.
too, can ycu? You'll SuLle al doica cier. ia
. . .
a 1 - r . I I. 1 1 1
w, ttnci tnai vrc-viita g'j roucn naus.iai commcni r.ec
Evening Post.'?
Ycu've Iiad
utve Swcetnsart! lei! tn-;
tiLn, new! Y:u haYe; nzven't
,ycu? Ju?t to 1 oc' yevr fifier.cb,
that's all! So you can't b?anie
cainly "Bab for setting sne,
r at her, in this sto:y Ly Mary Rcb-
printed m the- 'Saturday
Do Not Confuse This Pity With "BAb'S BURGLAR" Tint Wat Shown Here Recently
1 Do Not Con
I ACMISSId
ADMISSION: MATINEE 15 CENTS.
NIGHT 15 AND 25 CNTS
act'.
City Briefs
Has anyone visited you? Or
have yon entertained? If so. call
the Review after p. m. and tell
the Society Editor. Phcne 39. .
WAS IN DOUGLAS
Depu
ness ea:iected w
tion.
WOMAN'S LEAGUE
ipa&t few c:ys in rounding up some j to the front. He is a good office
'more Warren district men for service, man and has had considerable experi
'bs trial jurors in the superior court ! ence that will be of benefit to the
! at Tombstone. Thfy will report for i government. He was for some tim
du'y next Monday. j connected with the Hunker Hill Mines
. company in Tombstone as a time-
OiSBEE Y WINS. keeper, and rlso in this city and later
The LSisbee Y. M. C. A. volley ball ; in Douglas. He is sou of M. J Ryan,
chatnpions last night took three out j superintendent of the Morenci Rail
of five games from the Douglas Y: Al. rra,i crmpr.ny.
C. A. members have not been playing
volley bull long and their showing last APE ,N VVILLCOX
K-l. CritcMev and wife are spend-
whO; I,,.. timn'in Willonv Mrs Pritch-
I ley ir a sister of Mrs. V. Y. Cnmmtngs
- . . i. t f , r -.....
c-i.cri r Prl r.nnnnn was fn "' "u ",ul " V""" "
Douglas yeslciday afternoon on busi-ilap "
ith his official poM-; -".
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS
I Ti:c lollowmg vnoc.iv rcu
tele-
of that city. Mr. Critchley is an en
gineer and mechanic and will be in
The Woman's league of the Tresby-' grams are at the Western Union of-work which Mr. Cummings is having
trian church will mret at the home ! fice for th? war.t of a better address:
of Mrs. Sam Kyle on Quality Hill on Miss Wi'.ma Youtiimnn, AUx4r.o Vil
Weduesday at 2:30. j T. i!'oi-a G. De Garcia. Frank A.
! AveriH. ;Hrge Calhoun. Salvador
INFANT DIES j Sandivol. E. J. Nowlin. E ii-'cn Tier-
The three meeks' old baby of W. J. ney, Alvin Drowr.fr.sr. H. W. Grant.
Moyle and wife di :d Friday night and ;
was buried yesterday morning from I FROM HEREFORD.
Palace undertaking parlors. I J. Roberts, foreman of the Eoquill is
I Lan-l and Cqtle company's farms nt
Here ford was in the city yester.lay.
done on his various ranches.
DIES AT CAMP FUNSTON.
Word was received in the district
Friday of the death at Camp Funston.
Kansas, where members of the Arizo
na draft contingent are serving, rf
Cecil A. Thompson, who passed away
on March 26. Deceased was a nephew
of Mr. and Mrs. Mark Spear, of vBu
GIVN FIFTY DAYS Here ford was m the city yester.lay, ; Dee, and a proiner oi u. u. i nompson.
Williajii Crew was given 50 days bv 1 on. a short business tnpj ne siaies j wno is now visiung wnn ms auni .
Judge Winters '.f Lowell yesterday I that the company is using every bit ; uncle in Bisbee.
for disturbing the peace anil will beiof farm land that it can irrigate in or- j
sent to the rcrd camp today to serve ! uer to assist the government in its . WAS IN CITY,
his time and to tsslht in t!r building warfare against the Huns.
of the state h'chwav.
WERE IN CITY
John Pyeatt and Lee Aston, well-
:nown cattlemen from the east end
GRATEFUL FOR BOOKS.
Mrs. Carrie G. Vail, librarian or the
Copper Queen library, yesterday re
ceived a letter from Miss Estrellc
Lutrell. state agent for the collection ,
of books for army camps, thanking the i
patriotic people of Bisbee for the large
number' of books sent to the soldiers..
More books can be used and those hav- j
Ing fiction volumes which they are '
willing to donate to the Sammies may j
leave them at the library or at The Re- j
Tiew office. I
COMPLETED WORK.
M. G. Dernier, the government income
tow ailrtpn. n n .1 AllfMtsiw n a ntinnlAt.
l . .' . 1-1 f jii I . i 1 . !
u nis lauors in mis aisirici inn leu j
last evening for Douglas where , oe ,
spent a few hours and then left for!
Tucson where hs will remain for a few !
days. Those Warren flistrict citizens j
who did not complete their list of in
some had better et busy as the time !
is jiow short. Advice will be given at
the Commercial club office in the Cop-;
per Queen hotel.
Jeff Milton, the immigration inspect
or at Fairbank, was in the city yes
terday on a short business trip. Jeff
who is over fifty years of age and his
been in the west all his life and who
LEAVES FOR COAST
Miss Jessie Hadsell. who has been
with Dr. Gongalsrf and Dr. Tu"ll for!cf the Huachuca mountains, were in., has been in a number of gun battle
ome time, is leaving for Long Beach J town yesterday from the mountains, j with outlaws is more than anxious to
Cal . Sunday night on the Golden State i They report their cnl of the county 1 get into the battle that is now wag
LirUtwl. M'iss Hadsell has a host of in good shape at the present time, ing in France.
Iriends who wish her success. both iti ran?e and min:ng couuuuii
RED CROSS IS OVER THERE
Saturday afternoon the card party County Engineer Ryan has received
Tor the benefit of the Red Cro.-s at word that his brother, Ray Ryan, lias
Ihe Woman's club was most delight-safeiy arrived in Fiance. Ray left
ful. Not very much money was mado.here with the first contingent of the
as there were only four tables, but Cochise county draft and soon after
the pleasure gained counteracted that.hta arrival in Camp Funston was made
; ' a sergeant !;i the 34'Uh field artillery.
MORE JURORS H as put in as clerk a short time
- iw.r.ntv iiipriff Rwt r.arnon and later in ih-e headuuarters troop and
William Brakfield have been busy the recently was ent with a contingent, board has completed the examination
FROM RANCH
Ernest Graf was in the city yester
day from his ranch in the vicinity of
Turner. Hi states. that the water in
the Babocomari Is getting rather low
and that a good rain would be of a
very materia! benefit in the farmers
in that section, as well as for the
r'tt'piuen. He was a former resident
of this city with his brothers Frank
nd Carl. The former is now 'n San
Francisco an-1 the latter is in Boston.
ORMEUM THEATRE
THE COMEDY OF 1,000 LAUGHS "
Goldwyn Presents Madge Kennedy
Continuous Ficm 1 to 11
IN
ABY UN
The Swiftest Comedy Ever Screened- The Dehv cf
America's Greatest Stage Comedienne.
ALSO-
Dimpl
eS and
A TWO-REEL KEYSTONE
D
1)
Adnv'jsion 5 and 10 Cents Adr-cn 5 and 10 Cen':s
JAMES P.
Coming Tomorrow
LEE MUSICAL COMEDY COMPANY
HELD EXAMINATIONS
K-xaminations were held yesterday
cf the Y. M. C. A. of about 25 men
who were transferred to the local
boart of cocnise county ior examiuu- WILL nQ from uprE
WILL MEET MONDAY
The board of supervisors will meet
tomorrow in Tombstone to transact
their usual monthlv busiress, as well
asto aain oren bids for the purchase
of the Jl.000.0oo bond issue which
has bpo readvertised for sale. It is
understood that local in'erests of the
county will offer bids for the bonds
end it will not be long before work
is started by the road commission on
the various roads of the county. Let
i'he gcod work go on.
tion. Ther were from 'all carts ot
the United States. The board will
have to hold these examinations from
tiir-? to time in order to accommodate
the boards in other parts of the
United States. The Cochise county
LYRIC THEATRE
WILLIAM A. RRADY FRESENTS JUNE ELVIDGE. IN 7
"THE STRONG WAY"
IN FIVE PARTS DIRECTED BY GEORGE KELSON
There's not a single dull or dragging moment in this whole production. It starts off with
a rush and ends with a smashing cl.max which will lift you from your seat. See it.
WILLIAM N. SELIG Presents WILLIAM FABLES, JAMES HARRIS and ARMY
DENNIS IN
"A RUNAWAY COLT"
COMEDY IN TWO PARTS
MONDAY, APRIL FIRST
IS YOUR DAUGHTER ON THE MARRIAGE MARKET? IF YOU WANI" HER
TO MARRY FOR MONEY, DON'T LET HER SEE
Clara Kimball Youni
!N
"THE PRICE SHE PAID"
A Splendid Picturization of the Great American Novel by David Graham Phillips.
Presenting This Tremendously Popular Star in Her Supreme Achievement
The lctal board of Cochise county
will send out tonight with the 26 men
from Cochise county the following
men, who have hen tnn?erred for
induction from 'here. They are re
nuested o report at the Y. M. C. -A.
in this city at 9 o'clock in the n:orn
Ine: Clarence E. Smith. Prescott;
Clifford K. Fete. San Bernardino. Cal.:
H. L. Leonard. Yuma. Ariz.: Jesse .1.
Renders. Globe, and Clifford W. D.
Chance. Mount Vernon, Ohio.
WAS IN CITY
Rav B. Krcbs of the local draft
board anl H. L. Hutchison, secretary,
came over from Tombstone yesterday
to be on hand this morning when th?
men called for mobilization report.
; All of the men will be on hand with
the exception of Dan Murray"6f Iw-
I ell. who is in San Francisco. A His-
bee man has been called to tak" his
rlace. Two substitutes have been
chosen in ca?e any of the others fail
j to report,
AGAIN SURVEYING
.1. A. Ro?kefe1low. well known In
i this locality nd who hss for some
llimepast filled the nositlon of cash
; ier of the First National bank of
i Tcmbstone. ha resiend his position
i and reonened his office as civil en-
fine er at Tombstone. Rockfellow hss
been engaged In the cattle busin?ss
nd enrineerlng work for 30 vesrs
in thU locall'v and the "call of the
wild" appealed t- him too stronr.ly
snd he could no longer remain b-
' hind the window in a national bank.
S.f - .-, f.y -v . . .... fj
? -. , :
- o - w !
r . v . aimv"v..,.l ..y. ,v'i
IL t r
1! N ' I Ji
I
1 .OJ I
i s I
riauye
Kennedy
r,.-H im CA3Y MINE
der arrest. No material damage wai
done to the countenanc of either of
the ri.e'ittrs.
BACK FROM DOUGLAS
Deputy United States
James .McDonald has returned "ram
Douglas, where he has been after
witnesses that are wan'-"Hl in Tucson
this week before the United States
court. Th? trial of cases will be
started there tomorrow after a recess
of about ten days.
frcm thi.5 city He was cr!i,)loyei
her? ty o nun.bcr of lir.r.s during
his reFiilenc? in the Warrtn distiiit
and had property in Upper Ti-mbsrne
' Canyon until a few weeks aso. Ho
Marshal 1 l.as n.rny friends in Co.-hiis county
who wish him wMl in his new hoiiie.
but regret to see Cochise county los
a good citizen.
sociation will be held in the city ha.
Risliee. Ariiona on Monday I'vennis.
April 1st. 191S. at 7:3o p. m.
Rusiness cf importance. All stocK
holdeis urged to le present.
HKNRY WM. AIKF.N. Sec.
MADAM CAGNEY
TJft3 the dark vci' of the past, reads
ih destiny of the f -ture. Across from
theatre, Lowell. Adv. 653
MARRIAGE LICENSES
The following marriage license,
were issued out of the clerk's offic
in Tombstone during the past we"k:
WAS IN CITY j"Waylai:d B. Augur of Douglas to wed
A. C. Karger, clerk of the board U'adys Hamilton of Oakland: Orlando
or supervisors of Tombstone, wai in 1 R MsXutt to -wed May E. Morris,
tha citv vesterda on p short bnsi-' oth of Do.iglas; Fred Wiikcrson to
ROCKHILL'S 3TAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone, LsaTes Bisbee
Bisbee Auto Co.. 7 a. m- 1:30 p. m. 1
Phone Bisbee 5. Adr.
ness vifit. H" continued on to Doug
las, where he had some business con
nected with the board, and came bark
throuf.i here late yesterday afternoon.
He was aecompani "d on his trip by
J. N. Gaines.
1 Dr. Playff. Osteopatn. SS Mason
' Hill. Mason -ar atop, r none Blue 64?.
Adv. 231
I wed Revina o.l!'rey, both of IjowoII:;
; lroIn- S!ioii'y of this ci'y to wed
Verne FVwilling of St. Louis; Wal l phone 45 or 750 Tor prices on paint
ter Roper of Mi Neitl to wed UUie ' fnff an(1 paper hangins. New goods
IJMl WilUoxy of Dallas. Tex.: Oliver oow Dero. Guarantee Taint Co.
j Shivcll to wed Mary Reed, both ofi Adv. 2S0
. I Fort Huachuca: Kaianuei Adams o .
HAS ENTERED SERVICE Naco to wed Romero Whitt of lV)ug-; yor BOOn day luncn. go to the
C.ciree Iudwi" of the Bisbee Cieau Ias: Willard R. Gender of Dough L ' Kn?ish Kitchen and tt .no of their
.,.,!,., t,oa ii'cinn,i tr. weu .Mrjarnc r-uzaoin t ciuciy in t cnmh:Tiat:ous: cnniro ci iur.
FISTIC ENCOUNTER
M 1 4. Jones und P. F. Crswfonl
tsrtrd t little biflng cxhihltion on
Mi'n R'reet yostrrday aftToon about
w'llrh soon drew crowd of In
terested rpecfators. rtu'one round
was fourht and th police officers In
terfcared and the final round will L?
had before Judge Thomas on Monday
as both participants were placed lin
ing and Dye
the cll of his conntrv and has of
fered his services in the transporta
tion department of the government
n the railroad service In France.
While on Ms way to visit his ohl
i-oihp in Washington he stopped in
Washington and retorted for duty.
H- is expected back here soon to
arnnce his business niat'ers and then
will leave for duty across the seas.
E'.lincsport. I'a.: illlaiii Walker to , mhinn!lmi
I wed Dolores Raniircs. both of ivhi;;-;
'. las;Frank W. Haxton of Bisbee to
! wed Ger.rgie Keegan of Los Angeles;
i William C. Lindsey to wed Fennlns
Miller, both of Donelas; Welton IH
i Roy Soules of Doughts to wed Kmina
; Nvrvia MiMerman of Chicago.
Adv. 317
Reluce the high cost of livins hy
bringing your shoes to our repair de
partment. Kobey's, opposite Eagle
theater. Adv. 53S
The Arizona state bureau of mines
has been asked to gather sampies of
IS IN FRANCE light volcanic rocks that ar? capable
J. c. Cowan, superintendent of the of developing good s'rength.
Warren Street Railway comtmny. has
an. had safvly arrived on the other
side. Tom went with the contingent
frcm Cochise county nnd was aliened
to the 34th reclment. field artillery.
He was afterward transferred as a geU(j u, and we wjjj ghp
clerk to the headquarters of the com-1 pronlptiy direct from protlucer to con
pany pnd after serving some time was FU:0P Dy express or freight as you re
sent to the front. His family revived aUfist one box containing 8 dozen of
See our new wall papers. Guarantee
Paint Co. Phone 45 or 750. Adv. 2S0
. DANCE. .
' The Swedish-Finish Aid association
'will give a dance at the Finish hall
I Sundav, March 31st. eight o'clock.
i Adv. sr.:
Business Locals
a card yestcrnay simpiv siai-.ug mi
he had arrived safely over th?re pnd
to send his mail in care of the United
States forces in France.
Fvpcr'.
:ci:.
Mirer harcir a id pain'or.
i ho"e 4.1R. Bo !").
GOE TO ORERON
Chnrls T- Allen has reiened his
itcnntv rlcrk rf the supe-
rt .irt Hi Tnn't stone an-: wl'h hls-J. Br.
familv lef vptri!iv f:r Prison. " . .
where he has purchased a farm and: ARIZONA AUTOMAT AIR
will pn into th: raising of potatoes.: association.
etc Ho has been in the clerk's oHice A special meeting of the stockhohi
for about two years and went ther of the Arizona Automatic Air ix
NOTICE.
Bisbee Commandery No. 4 K. T. will
participate in Easter services to be
;held Sunday at S AW o'clock new time,
i at St. John's Episcopal church.
All members and sojourning Sir
! Knights will meet at the Asylum at
3:. in p. m.
A cordial invitation is also extended
I to the public.
ic and good without sugar. The Arizo-, FRANK ELLIS BENNETT,
na Orange Association. Phoenix. Arl-j Eiiiminent Commander,
tona. Adv. 72 ( n.oYD SMITH DAVENPORT.
I Recorder.
our superb grape fruit, a splendid ton-
U K G'.l'-,rn se'.'s the New Fuison.
"t!'. pvono.-rrpl! wi'h a ro'll."
MATERNITY HOVE.
Call I '.lack jTn f.r term . etc.
Advrlisen:ei.t T4 x- s r-
Iff
I MINING
j SECTION I
MUMP
SOCIETY
5 SECTION i
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 2C. No. 253.
THE BIS DEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 31, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
LOCAL' STOCKS AND COPPER
mi
MINES,
MINING,
BLUE BELL OPENS ITOBSTOHE SIES
KEVV ORE BODY AT fJOT CLOSED DOWN
TWO LOW LEVELS'SAYS PROSPECTOR
Managements of Mines in Dis-1 County Ssat Paper Denies and
trict of Mayer Plan Big! Brands as' False Reports
Development Programs fcr J That Bunker Hill Will
Future Consummation.
M4YFTJ riz Maroh 20 Indoubt-
edly'ine most important strips in the
copper mines of the Maver geotioa
are tf:ose recently made in the Blue
Bell mine on the S00 and the 12o0 foot
levels. There are six lenses of ore in
tfttfa wifnn that mil t-mr li o 1-0 Ivoon
worked from the first level down i
through the intervening levels to the
' 1.000, the pay ore averaging in width
from eight to forty fet. On t'l-s newly
opened 1,200 foot level, two of the
largest of these ore bodies have recent
It been nnne1 nn anil there is ever I
reason n the world to expect he oth-1
level. But the interesting thing so
pleasing to t?r mine management and
to everyone who has at heart the fut
ure of the Mayer district, is the find
ing of two new ore lenses which did
not outcrop but have be?n found
apexed at the 800 and the 1,200 levels.
Being the length of these two new- ore
lenses upon wr.at has been proven in
the developmet of the other six ore
shoots, w-hich are stronger and higher
grade cn the 1.000 foot level and the
two shcU on th 1,200 level, there is
reason to expect that the depth of the
nine will te at least another 1.200
feet but there is no oni to say there
will not be other lenses devf-Joped
when the present depth is doubled.
Mine Superintendent DeCamp is
just as much at sea as to the future
depth of the mine as anyone. Yet, he
firmly believes that the ore. lenses
have only just commenced to appear.
The U:tom" may be cached in 300
feet or it may be five or ten thousand
Sfh L -nrlno' ntly opened
EE erarTeld8! tU'ft
its first appearance south and west of
t ve mSe StK uell
mine. Basing the possible depth to
the granite at the Blue Bell by its dip
At any rate, the management of both
the Blue Bell and the DeSoto, for the
DeSoto mine has much the same ore
formation as the Blue' Bell, are plan
ning big things. Superintendent De
Camp expects to be breaking 150 tons
daily on the 1200-foot level and soon
a drift that is being run on the 800
level south to tap the Blue Thunder
ore 2200 feet from, the main shaft.
There Is reason to expect thai new
ore bodi will be found between the
shaft and the Blue Thunder strike for
It is practically all virgin ground with
excellent surface outcropping:
The "development of ether mines in
this Mayer district at d?pth Is proving
p the Blue Bell in every case. In the
Arizona Binghamptco, the ore is in
lenses just the same which have besn
found to continue unbroken from the
upper levels to the deepest l-vel, 600
feet. Some of the best ore bodies in
the mine have apexed on the lower
levels. In the Copper Queen mine,
the same condition exists. At the pres
ent time, an -;xcell?nt- grade of chal
copyrite ere is appearing in the new
work in the mine approaching the 500
foot level below t'i adit which is sup
posed to be th? same lense that was
encountered 200 feet higher up where
8 feet of 6 percent copper was cross
cut. Thes ore lenses can be likened to
cigarettes packed so tiglKly in a box
that they become oblong. Now that
their occurrence is understood, it is
not difficult to find them as a new lev
el is being opened up.
The aye 'em of diamond drilling for
exploratory work in the big mines in
this district, is to be extensively used
in the future, in tha place o" drifting
with tunnels. Both the Blue Bell and
(he Arizona Binghampton mines have
tried the system thoroughly. The
plan is to drive a straight drift north
and souIJi and diamond drill every Un
feet oa each side, which will crosscut
the formation and all or can be
blocked out on the level. The cost is
from two to three dollars per foot of
core and a great deal of unnecessary
work and expense is saved. Some of
the cores in the Binghampton mine
ion the 6o0 foot level showed returns
of 8 percent copper. Afrer the level
has been drilled, tha ore can then be
broken most advantageously with no
false moves.
Min owners are greatly encouraged
In this district, by the deep findings
of ore in several larger mines. The
Yavapai schist has many times been
turned cown as an unicnown quantity
In mining. Some of the best mines 1
now produclne in this section have the western oil Jobbers association
been repeateily condemnT by thuwas changed to the American Petrol
best mining engineers of the country, leum league at the session today of the
These same mines are 4iow making J convention of oil men. After elect
good and there is a reason to expect j Ing the folloins officers and choos
them to develop into a class among j ing Chicago as the next meeting place,
the largest mines in the state. j the convention adjourned.
I Never Open Again.
TOMBSIO.NE, .Marcn ..!. nce
'the Associated Press representative
uh uu "l'V
jforabstone. several days ago. is not
Known here, but if he got ft oat of hi
imaginative mind then he must have
had a vicious inclination to damage
Tombstone and the people of thU
namn
The Associated Press last Saturday
carried all over the United States tfco
information that "the Bunker Hill
Mine?, the old famous silver mines,
had closed down, never to reppen
We don't know who the A
pres. rappe8entatlve ,s at
Douglas, but whoever he is. he should
lirst verify his stuff. It is not the
policy of the Assiriated Press to send
cut "lies" or to permit their local men
to use tr.3 organization Cor ulterior
peroral motives, and after the matter
was called to th- attention of that or
gani.T?.tion by the Tombstone Com
mercial Club, they investigated and
the following correction wa3 aent out
by the great news organization and
given the same publicity as the mis
representation: "An erroneous report has been sent
broadcast that the Bunker Hill Mines
company has closed down all its prop
erties at Tombstone. The report was
instigated, it is believed, by some un
reliable person who did not investi
gate the matter. No statement has:
been made officially but this is the :
situation. The mill and all the min'si
that furnished milling are to be tem-j
porarily closed as to the mill, but
practically every claim is subject tc
t , T . -- nr tYia hlo i
" tneTmerneous report was '
J gc ,
1 Ah -ch --.en, asi
"the Hunker Hill mines were closed
down never to be reopenca was made
"""" u ,rr w , "'m,,.;" :
made, since the Douglas cantrd was
sent out, that development work
would proceed but the mill would be
shut down owing to the fact that In
treating the manganese or?s. the sil
ver and manganese could not both be
caved. This is a logical conclusion as
to the closing of the mill.
For an example, supposing mangan
ese ore running high in man nan -se is
being treated and the mangaacse val-i
ue Is being saved while the silver vai
uea dr? being lost it is almost a crime
lo let 10 or 20 ounces of siiver go to
waste never to be recovered.
There Is left but one conclusion,
and that is that we an of the opinion
that Uie Phelps Dodge have, or soon
will have, a way to save all the values
in the reported large manganese bod
ies thy have in the Lucky Cuss. Ore
eon and Prompter mines in Tombstone
Leasing will be done on a larger scale
than ever before. The fact that min
ers taking leas-?s now with the com
pany state that a clause in the lease
forbids extraction of ores carrying ov
er certain percentages of manganese,
shows that th? company expects to
take care of the higher grade mangan
etie at a later date.
The unauthentic "news" sent out by
fie Douglas representative of the As
sociated Press of the "complete" clos
ing down of the Bunker Hili proper
ties never to reopen again'i may havx
done considerable haim la tKe Old
Camp, as unreliable reports must al
ways do, but it is hoped that the next
tim? a similar matter come3 up thai
the Associated Press will see that the
information comes from a responsible
source.
In the meantime, business men and
citizens of Tombstone are biding their
time, teeling confident that there is
enly a temporary delay, getting ready
for the proper treatment of the manganese-silver
ores, which will result
in a better Tombstone.
CONVICT HACHITA MAN
(By Review Leased Wire)
SILVER CITY, X. M.. March 30
Charles and John Parks were found
guilty of murder in the second degree
here today In th-; district court. They
were tharged with shooting Deputy
Sheriff J. E. Shrimsher at Hachita,
N. M, October 31. The defendants
are prominent cattlemen of Grant
county. x
OIL MEN MEET.
frnntlnn on Pare Two
CHICAGO, March So. The name of
7 j?rv 7?mf7?J7?7)F?n
i. . i
s
: l : V
The heart of Paris
! The bombardment of Paries bv
ire 3,000,000 and was exceeded in
RESUMTION OF WORK
ON STORM CLOUD MAY
REVIVE BIG DISTRICT
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. March 30. The
decision of the O'Brien syndicate to
levive lis Storm Cloud group in Has
eayampa district has givn an added
impetus to minfag in this field and is
iewed r.s a forerunner of the rcsa-mp-tion
of several other old properties,
whkxt have been dormant for several
years. The Storm Cloud. altHoush
reputed to be a gcod property, has hal
no work dona on it for the past ten
years until recently, whea th? syndi
cate ordered It3 unwatering. An ex
haustive examination was then mde
by the company engine xrs. Then
came the order to go ahead.
The O'Brien syndicate controls and
icperates many mines not alone in this
country but ah'o in.Canada, which is
the headquarters of the concern. It
bouaht tlie Storm Cloud after the
deat.'T of the cripi.'ial owner but made
no move until now to test out its m ?r
its. Je. oir.e people are playing their
hunch that the next strik? in those
diggings will take place at the Calu
met & Jxrcme. The south crosscut,
which is apparently nearing a high
grade ore body, is cut l"0.i teet from
the 600 oot station and is being
pushed ahead with all possible speed
through blue and gre-n shist heavily
mineralized with lion. The formation
also shows some clialcopyriie and
black copper sulphi le.
Xumber 6, the north crosscut, has
advanced some 130 feet. It is in shear
ed schist full of white Iron and chal
copyrite. The flow of water is con
stantly increasing. This is very fav
orable territory and It would net be
surprising if No. 6 broke inio a body
of hich-grade entirely independent
fiora that which is believed to be
ahead of No. 1.
That ledge of jasper and iron which
caused so much excitement more than
a year ago. when the Jerome Verdx
company's Columbia shaft j'it through
it at a depth of 9'-0 feet, has been in
tersected by the riamond drill on the
1050-Pvel. It is five or six feet wide
where located by the drill and the con
dition disclosed by the core Is in ev
ery way satisfactory- The irpn is
more specular In character than in
the shaft and specks of chalcopyrit?
are scattered through the mass.
The ledire-dlps to the east and was
crosscut some time aeo northeast of
the shaft. Now the drill has locTted
It farther to the sou'h. where t':e shoe
ing is more promising. It is possible
thut a drift will ha started on it soon.
Work has been suspended in the
touth',sst drift on the 10;"0 level since
a flow of water heavy enough to drown
the pumps was encountered, some
three weeks bco. That drift is now
bulkhcadcd off
Of late, work has been progressing
7?r GERMANS 7G MILES
HAS UtriKX iiii.v Jjtwi'j
aud map showins relation of city to monster bombarding cannon.
a German ff 'K
size only by London and New York.
'JEROME SUFER10R IS
PLACING MACHINERY
JEROME, March 3. With the ex
ception of the heist, the Jerome Su
perior Copper company's new plant
of machinery is in operation. The
heist, an eighty-horsepower machine,
would have been on the ground betore
this but for a mistake of the manufac
turers. It was equipped with a- gear
instead of a friction clutch. This was
to have been shipped from Los, An
geles to Clarkdale and it had to be
sent back to San Francisco for the
change. Now it is ready for shipment
direct to Clarkdale as soon as a freight
car can 4e "secured. - -
The compressor if pounding away
and giving good service. It delivers
570 cubic feet of air a minute at ttiis
altitude, C25 feet at sea level.
Three machine drills are working
one shift. The slowness of the little
fifteen-horsepowef hoist now in use
precludes their being operated more
than eight hours a day. Still, an av
erage speed of two and a half feet ev
ery twenty-four hours is being main
tained. Three shifts will be put to
work as soon as the new heist Is in
stalled. At 227 feet the shaft, now down 240
feet, passed out of the diorite and
into an oxidized red calcium that is
almost a porphyry. Like the diorit?
from 170 down, the calcium catrle
tiny flecks of native copper. A recent
assay showed four-tenUis one pert ent
enpper. 1-2 ounces silver and a trace
of gold.
ANACONDA DEVELOPS
LARGE GAS SUPPLIES
j BUTTE, Mont. March .10. Suffi
, cient volume of gas has been devel
j oped by the Anaconda Copper Mining
j company in the Sweet Grass hills, 70
! miles north of Great Falls. Mont.. 'or
' the piping of that city, according to
interests in Butte affiliated with the
I Montaua-anadian Oil c ompany, whose
i territory the Anaconda is developing
with the ultimate object in view of
j piping Great Falls, Helena, Butte and
i Anaconda company at Great Falls and
j Anaconda.
i I'nder its contract with the Montana
! Canadian company, the Anaconda
(agrees to pipe Uie city of Great Fatl.
i when a flow of gas in excess of 1 "v
(00,000 cubic feet is had, and when
, the development has assured a flo.v
. of 50.000,000 cubic feet or more, the
' piping of the other three cities. Is to
! proceed.
: very slowly in the northeast drift, ow
'iug to water. It became neccs-ary to
chans? the gra le somewhat and sever
' al diamond drill stations have been cut
I preparatory to running holes north
and south.
AW AT, ,T
2ffr Yn in Jan
DECEMBER EXPORTS
SHOW EXPANSION IN
COPPER USE IN WAR
NEW YORK, March 30. Enormcus
expansion of the use of copper for war
is shown by December exports to the
allies. While December shipments u.
all countries totaled 81.776.947 pounds
compared with 56.S24.321 in December
1916, the combined expo: s to France.
Great Britain. Italy and Canada were
M.5S305;! pounds, against 4S.416.6S7
In th1 corresponding nicnths of 1916.
an increase of 3:5,116,"66 pounds, or
68 per cent. Ia November. 1917. total
exports to the same countries were
76.553.151 pounds.
Tctil exports of copper for 1917 ta
the countries named above were 940.
6D0.912 pounis. against 631.2S9.7S0
pounds for 1916. an increase .of 309
401.182 pounds, or 49 per cent.
Sectional nis;rifcuti?n of exports of
copper for Decepiber and for the 12
months, v. as as follows:
Dec. -ipcrts: 1917 (lbs.) 1916 (lbs.)
France 19.0.x5.4:U 13.09S.719
Italy 11.231.104 7.673.815
I'niied Kingdom 46.9::3.3:'.n 21.5iiO.S4S
Cauda 4.280 1S3 4.081.171
81,533.053 4S.416.687
Other countries 243.S94 8.407.634
Tc al 8l.77C.947 56,Si4.321
.12 nicnths' exports:
France
Italv ..
I'uite.t
Canala
.366.231.6i-8 31S.1:6.643
151.820.608 9S.249.141)
Kins. 372.766,738 173.O03.S73
49.871.919 41,900.063
940.690.912 631.2S9.730
Other countries 88.943.031 85.i27.031
Trial 1.029.633,943 716.016.763
MARCH DIVIDENDS
DECREASE IN SIZE
roSTOX. March 30. Copper mining
companies will have paid out to their
stockholders during March dividends
approximating t20.iHK).000, an amount
lower than in December and also un
der a year ago. In those months dis
burse'i;xnts were $23,870,588 and $21.
264.S34 'respectively.
Dining the first quarter of this year
copper share dividends will have ap
proximated $37,700,000. In compari
son wiih other quarters this shows as
lollows:
Quarter ended: Amount
March. 1918 $36,717,447
Pxcember. 1917 3S.737.247
.March. 1917 43,362.926
.March. 1916 29.337.1'0
flnre the n id.Me of last year the
tendency pf copper comr'ay msnaee
iron's has been to reduce dividends
and with but one or two exceptions
this policy has been followed. Granby
with a Canadian charter and free from
provisions o" exceds profits tax of the
I'nited States is one of the exceptions.
iV?if7 Copper Camp Will
Spring Up In District
Within Present Mines
Development of Low Grade Ore Bodies and Erection of
Plants to Handle Output Creates Second Producing Area
Within Limits of What Has Heretofore Been Only High
1 Grade Minis.,! Center.
In t he midst o f the war and ol the discouragements attending the low
price fixed upon copper metal by the government and the attending high
price prevailing upen labor and all supplies, practically a great new copper
mining camp is being made within an established camp, Bisuee. the greatest
of the individual Arizona districts.
TO ADD LOW GRADE TO OUTPUT
This is true by reason of the fact that in the past Bisbee mines have
ce.'er teen called upon for an average of less than 4',, ore at the smelters.
Only when the metal market has been at the very top has the averagd fallen
below 5V- ore for the smellers in order to keep production costs down to
where profit would be allowed cn the mire operations? This is true at the
present time and has been true ever since the War Industries Board fixed a
price of 23 Vi cts. for the metal, with pay for mine operative and those of
mills and smelters fixed on a 26-cent meui price basis. I ut now lti9uee is
to produce lower grade ores as wel! as the higher grade and make a few
million additional pounds of copper each mcnth to add to the total made
frcm the bkh grade ores, aggregating around seventeen mi! lion pounds the
month under normal conditions.
COSTS MILLIONS TO DO IT
T'' cost of adding the low grade to the output of B'sbce copper ores
mounts into the millions of dollars. There is also represented several years
of preparatory work underground and on the surface, together with the
application of the best metallurgical tbcug'ut and mechanical ingenuity in
the country to the problems which have to be overcome before the expendit
ure of the millions cf capital can be made certain of returning profit or,
rather, as certain as tlif risks of mining wilt permit. Alt of thi.t expenditure
comes about before a dollar in returns can be put in pocket. Every cent U
tied up and standing idle until the day of production of fie low grade ore Is
reached and the ore extraction and treatment processes devised are proved
adequate to the work in hand. Then and thea enly doe3 the money invested
commence to come back.
THE NEW BISBEE
As few as five years ago the Bisbee resident would have scoffed the
idea that his camp would ever be anything but the high grade producer it
had always been. Tcday he sees not only the old Bisbee, as regards
grade mining and the constant extension of deep development workings into
mere and more ore averaging well up to the standard, but also the new
Bisbee which will mine and take care of ore averaging from 3'., down to
O.OS'v. recovering the copper from all of it.
JUSTIFIABLE PRIDE
Plenty of pride is Justifiable in this achievement, worked out In tho
maiu during the four years of the war period under the 'handicap of con
stantly advancing ccsts of materials of every kind and of the highest cost
labor in the history of Arizona mining, not to mention the handicap imposed
by pro-Germanism through strikes and lowering of efficiency, and that of
large losses of engineers, technical men and many skilled mechanics to the
several arms of the government service whicn have called them. Two com
panies, both fcrtunately possessed of large capital with which to pursue their
work, the Copper Queen branch of Phelps-Dodge corporation, and Shattuck
Arizona Copper Co.. arc responsible for t."te achievement. Copper Queen has
determined something more than 12.000.000 tons of low grade In Sacramento
Hill and is now wH advanced toward the point where the steam shovels it
has put on top of the, mountain will be taking ont ore as well as waste, the
latter comprised in the average of more than SO feet of valueless rock which
covers the ore and is known as overburden. Al the same time in its under
ground workiP". x Copper Queen is preparing to mine some two nii'tiion tons
of low grade lead-silver ore which Shattuck experiments ou ore of the same
kind in its workings proved to be amenable to profitable handling. Sxo It is
that fiese two companies have made pra'-tically a new ramp within the old
one. the new cne mining and handling ore of grade and in manner that will
be entirely different and a op;osite as the poles in contrast with the great
high grade mining activities of the past and present in the district.
SHATTUCK MILL NEAR READY
Were the equipment all here, the Shattuck mill for the handling of its
low grade silver-lead ore. from which something like $4 the ton profit will
be realized, and of which there is something more than a million tons now
determined. with more, doubtless, to. come, w6uTir"8oon be going. Freight
embargoes of one kind and another, however, hate delayed the equipment,
ordered long att and probably all somewhere on the road from the manufac
turers at this time. The mill building is up, and has greatly changed the
aspect of the surface of Denn. near the shaft of which property the plant has
been erected. Everything within the building is ready to receive the full
complement cf specially constructed equipment designed to meet the partic
ular requirements of the ore to be handled. Concrete foundations are ready
for every pice of the machinery and as it arrives it will go in place speedily.
Beside the lead-silver values in the ore to be treated, there is also a per cent
of copper which will be recovered and added to Shattuck. output of that
metal. The initial capacity of the mill will be around 40(1 tons the day.
COPPER QUEEN MILL COMING
The real doubling of mining activities and phases in the district, bow
ever, will net break fully upon the public until the Copper Queen" mill Is tip
and going, and t.'ie many changes in operating customs and the large increase
in working force have come about. Then there will be in reality a high grade
and a low grade camp operating under one roof, independently and yet to
gether, and with the markedly singular attendance of the fact that the TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 31, 1918.
ii
u
H
M
M
II
II
M
ii
it
Ii
it
11
ii
l
it
li
i;
ti
ii
!1
jl
ii
)'
t!
it
ii
i:
IS
u
il
ii
:i
i
:i
u
u
li
u
n
it
r
ii
i
M
u
It
V.
'A
V.
IV
i
ii
ji
r
ii
if
i!
ti
M
SI
M
ir
M
i.
w
i
ii
ii
il
NEW COPPER CAMP WILL SPRING UP
IN DISTRICT WITHIN PRESENT MINES
coming of the new low grade camp
within the more than ever resourceful
and active high grade camp will not
entail new ownerships or new manage
ments. The old companies made the
new discoveries, is all. Copper Queen
mill will be around the point fro;a
Warrei Its operation. In connection
with the steam shovel mining and rail
roading features of Sacramento Hill,
and the mining of the low grade lead
eilver ore which will be handled in a
division of the new mill, together witl
the increased employment brought
about by the new mining and milling
work of Shattuck. will add heavily to
the working forces of the district as
well as to its output of metals.
Need Aid cf the Government
The carrying out of all this develop
ment and construction work repre
sents the largest enterprise in the de
velopment of new copper, lead and sil
ver resources that has been undertak
en since the outbreak of war in Eu
rope. The fact that it has beeu pur
sued with every bit of speed possible
and with unstinted money appropria
tions from the beginning, regardless of
the knowledge of those producing the
funds that they could not look forward
to anything except exorbitant costs as
.Compared with normal times, and re
gardless of the fact that at any time
they could have dropped this new worn
and sidetracked it until the return ot
nofmal conditions without embarrass
ment, tells a pretty big story of the
P4triotic sincerity which . has given
stimulus to the work. Now that it is
,neariig completion and that the cop
per production of the country is barely
up to the requirements of the nation
and its allies, it looms doubly large In
its importance end doubly creditable
to the patriotic foresight and liberality
of financing which has. carried it
through. The margin being so narrow
"between the actual requirements of
'copper for war purposes and the pres
ent top output of metal, conditions
might readily arise at any time that
"would make the increased resources
now coming into availability in the
Bisbee mines a saving factor.
Uneasy Supplies Situation
. In the mining industry at large" in
the state, fuel and general supplies de
liveries have occasioned increasing
concern during the present month. Ia
the fuel division there have been times
when several of the larger producers
were run exceedingly close for oil.
Producers of the latter have been ham
pered by the shortage and by uncer
tainty as to their own situation, main
ly relative to course the government
will pun-ue in requisitioning oil and
oil lands for naval uses. Destruction
by fire in the Lordsburg yard ot large
quantities jot fuel oil disrupted the dis
tributing system there temporarily and
seriously interfered with supplies
available for delivery. The end of the
month finds the oil situation improved,
but not in shape to dissipate all uneas
iness. In respect to other supplies
there is no certainty whatever as to de
liveries, a fact that has been responsi
ble from time to time for some tem
porary curtailments of mine, mill and
smelte- operations and which is add
ing steadily to costs of production,
some oanuer of authorized relief,
based upon contemplation of the cop
per mining industry as a war industry
the needs of which must have regular
service if the desired maximum output
of metal is to be maintained, this con
sideration entirely aside from price, is
vitally needed
Price Fixation Interest
;' Interest in the probable action of the
government iu June with reference to
copper metal price fixation witnessed
sharp revival during the week, princi
pally because of rumor which has be
'come current that the matter may be
taken up early in May. Many small
producers are awaiting the announce-
ment of the metal price tor the months '
suceedmg June witn deepest concern,
bile all producers have occasion for
'much concern. An advance will result
.in the starting up of production by a
number who have been closed down, .
and if sufficient increase is made to .
allow of the mining of their low grade
-ores by the big vein mines and of in-
crease in wages which will put the cop-!
per producers on an even footing with
other var industries in competing for
labor in tne open market, tnere win ie
a marked increase in output of metr.l :
in the latter half of the year. Other-i
!swioA K A lAnrlariAit rnii- A saa1;s.a a. a
the hteU rrade is drawn udod more
.
COMING
Lowell, Commencing Next Monday, April 1st
Wortham's Great Alamo Shows
15
Trained
Animals
"Underground Chinatown"
THE
See Josephine Heming,
DIVING GIRLS
I
Beautiful Enchanting
and more heavily, must continue in
spite of all that can be done.
Curtailment by Low Price
TIm first serious curtailment of ex
tension plans by a large Arizona pro
ducer this year was noted recently ia
announcement of decision of directors
of the Consolidated Arizona Smelting
Cd! to suspend smelter increases and
betterments which have been under
way the last two years and which
were to culminate next year with ca
pacity of plant advanced to around
-5,000,000 pounds the month as compar
ed with present output of around 1
800,000 pounds, advanced from arourid
1.000,000 pounds a year ago. With its
smelter increases Consolidated Arizo
na Smelting carried forward much de
velopment of its own mines, the re
sources of which have been greatly in
creased, and at the same time extend
ed large encouragement to a great
many small shippers on new develop
ing properties in a large northern arei
and west to the Colorado river. The
action ot the directors in suspending
extension work of the company con
templated its high costs tinder abnor
mal labor and supplies conditions, and
the uncertainly of the metal market
situation. So far as any actual know
ledge is concerned, there may as read
ily be a decrease ordered from the
present price fixed for the metal as
an advance. Consolidated Arizona's
surplus is limited. Us stockholders
received their first dividend last Aug
ust, after seventeen years of establish
ment of plant. It amounted to 10 cents
the share, since when an additional 5
cents has been paid. The directors
agreed that the stockholders had con
servation of such funds "as on hand and
distribution of earnings coming to
them nntil such time as there should
be some assurance of a higher metal
orice for a longer period than the gov
ernment has thus far seen fit to give
assurance that any fixed price would
p re vail. Consolidated Arizona has had
i
that the necessity should exist for in-
. . . -, . . ' v. n '
terference with the progress of the
management's plans at this time.
Metal Market and Shares
Eastern opinion is that the copper
requirements of the government and
its allies are at the present time the
heaviest yet experienced. Domestic
consumers without government con
tracts are receiving little or no metal.
This situation has broadened the be
lief that the end of the war will find
supplies of raw copper and its pro
ducts practically out of existence so
far as normal trade needs of the world
may be concerned and that the metal
as soon as it is released from govern
ment control at the end of the war will
make to a higher price level than any
known during the war. Copper shares
have been much steadied by this view.
The new up-trend in price of silver has
added strength for those coppers mak
ing important side production of that
metal, while bringing a new rush of
attention to silver properties. All new
financing for development of metals,
however, is being seriously retarded
by the inclination of investors to take
in consideration present abnormal cost
of supplies and labor. Assurance of
higher price levels for the metaUf.over
an extended period is the onlyj.liape
for relief from this situation.
GOLD ORE OPENS UP"
MORE RICH GROUND
OATMAX, Aril.. March 30. Sloping
operations in the Gold Ore mice have
ooened a lens of rich ore that recalls
some of the bonanza stopes . ot . its
neighbor, the famous Gold Road mine,
and the Gold Road section of the dis
trict predicts ihat the property will
develop into ari)ther big producer.
The stope ini which the high grade
was struck extends tor a distance of
forty-five feet west from the crosscut
that opened thf vein on. the 650 foot
level, and at a epth of about 125 feet
below a drift ttitt was driven west in
a fine showing f ore from the winze.
For the entire distance the stope is ln
solid quartz much of which shows fine
particles of tree gold. No attenipt is
1 A. - . a
erade. as it Ir imrpj.,1 iKro.hon th.
0 1
a,
remarkably efficient management dur-J
ing the last few years of its new con-j'so
struction and development period and
It is regretable from various angles
"ONE BIG WEEK OF FUN AND FROLIC
CLEAN MORAL AMUSING SHOWS
. .NEW AND NOVEL RIDES
cu
THE LATEST SENSATION
UNDERWORLD IN REAL
j
SIDF SHOW AND
mhqpiim
vein, and the ore aabrokelfilown goes
Into the bins.
Heavy rains the first of the week
again delayed the transportation of ore
to the mill but two trucks started haul
ing on Thursday pnd the mill will start
up as soon as the bins are filled. This
work will require but a few days more
and the mill should be in operation by
April 1. It the value of the ore contin
ues as good as the present showing
the output will run much higher than
estimated by the company. .
The increased size of the orebody,
which is twice Ihe width that shows
on the 500 level, and the high grade of
the ore. ipdicate that an ore body or
-ct-p .
generous proporiions may reason - - - - c ,
be expected below the 6d0 foot l.Jtn'i
in tact, there is every reason to expect !t n inopportune -time i. tne strike not
Gold Ore to develop into a big mine:
.1
SUSPENDS WORK WITH
.110 DATE TO RESUME
v..r knl(.K, .,',.nn.tltVi.
General DeVelopmtem company at the ! Total copper production for last
Jerome Copper company's property rear of 6.138 219 pounds was a de-v-
.T Li ireake Tor 3.226.749 when comnared
ana prOOaOIV Will nm. W irwimeu., . - - ' ' - - j wuc uam, siiiii ui iwoocauuift vvii-
: Superintendent Flyn has laid oft his hat of l916- wh,1 silver output moditie8 (or wnici, a federal license
entire crew and is squaring aILloal of 51.771 ounces recorded a drop of, , required who has not complied with
accounts, preparatory to taking his 1UW.- WTiile production was lower, tj,e1aW; ne js to take measures to en
permanent departure from tae district! this price receitd Tor its copper a v-; force tne jaw anJ report such offenses
His personal plans for the fulure are fraged more thafl a cent higher than j to tne 8ttte inspector,
indefinite but he wUl probably return 1916. with ' silver substantially (
i CANANEA HAS
ever, that he will enlist in the engi-i dividends, three distributions of 50
neering corps or the army. and go to nte and one of 25 cents amounUng
Prgjjce - to $525,000. In view of the results for
Since last August when the General the past year, stockholders were liber
Development com pah y closed fts deal "y reward. This was due to the
for thJerome Copper cofnpany"s bold- fact that the surplus of previous years
ines. Superintendent Ftvnn has d6ne allowed this amount, although profits
1750 feet of worir at the Hoker and
Ewinz srouD. some three Miles south I
of Jtroffie. The results "have been di-:
appointing. .
A crosscut tunnel was driven to la-;
rsect at a depth of approximately
tersect
fcaOOfeet a promising contact, or sheary
ei zone. The showing, at that depth
was no'better than that on the surface
the LewlssohnS who. are behind
1 the General Development company.
' decided to drop the attempt to mak
a jiilne there.
l . ,1
Ruherintendent Ffvnn's. nersonal ;
opinion is that if the Green' Monster j
or some oiner company m tnai yicinur
opens a mine it may "be worth, while
to sink to depth' on the Hooker anil
Ewlng. claims. "JT)f showing is one
that we would pay. little attention to
in any. other district," but' our. opinion
was that it might luean'a. great deal
here, in view of what Jias been . dis
closed at the United yerde and United
Verde Extension" ha explained.'...
The Jerome Cooper .wmpany's prop
erty Include the Hookex jpd JPYinsI
group of four claims and a fraction j
and eleven claims in th'e Bib Bug dis
trict, below- the" Arizona-Binghampton. ,
Tell Your
Cornslift Off
Doesnt hurt a bit to lift corns
or calluses off with finger
Not a twinge of pain or
soreness before applying,
or afterwards. This may
sound like a dream to
corn-Testered men and wv
men who have been tut
ting, filing and wearing
torturous plasters. Yes!
Come lift out and calluses
peel off as if by magic.
A small bottle of frecz-
J!-Qs one costs but a few cents
f-S at any drug store. Apply
a few drops directly upon
your tender corn or cal-'
lus, and instantly the sore
ness disappears; then
shortly the t'jrn or callus
will ' be so loose that it
lifts' off.
Freezone dries Instant- j
ly. It doesn't eat out the
corn or callus, but just
shrivels it up bo it.lift
away without even irritating tbe sur
rounding skin. "Women should keep
tiny bottle hand on the dresser nd
'never let a corn or callus ache"" twice.
15
Hippo
drorrla i A VI
LIFE
MAY JOE
The Medical nnd
. Physical Wonder a;
1. 1
Pf
: SHANNON EXPECTS TO
OPEN NEW PRODUCERS
WITHIN SHORT TIME
Consi
were prati
months
statement showing earnings for the !
v " .
V..i.t.nJI. l finft AAA
he consiired
caDltal fitOCK Ot
ry.!"J :?J,.Kr: v
thp iiATnnn " ' ' I
mau iui.uuv.
It ls an unfair comparison to com-'
pare last year s proms wim loose oi
the preceding year, for although bnan
nan was not immune from a strike in
1916, the loss in the latter year was
under $10,000. Moreover, operations
last year were for practically seven
months, although November contribut
ed 148,000 pounds to production as com
pared with normal production before
fbe strike of over 900,000 pounds
fl the year were. only i54.b7. s
-Per -the month cf January profits
amounted to more man $29,000 witn
?C.e"U
P"""- u-w-V"'
company recently acquired at a cost
tributing soon as it ls expected that
within a few months ore will be ship
ped from these new sources.
EXPLOSIVE LAW-MUST
NOW BE ORGANIZED
'
' On October 4. 1917. congress enact
ed'a law regulating the use. sale and
possession of explosives, this set to
become effective ia forty days there
after, since which time all persons
derine the fact that operations' wnen. u ls ,ne, s'emn duty of every ; somnhing like 52.000.000 pounds for
. s" . . . ... i aDDOinteo to do all In his nnsror to h . ti.i. ,. nn,noM
Ileal v suspenaeo tor ine, " ,
out of last year due to striae : - " ' . . . . '
Save Your Tires With
Firestone Demountable Rims
PUT Firestone Wheels on your Ford. These Wheels
are equipped with Firestone Demountable Rims
Ts-hich &ive you tires every chance to produce mazi
murrif mileage. The continuous &rir.d of the "wobbly,"
uneven rim wears the tire in spots. The Firestone
Continuous Wed&e Rir.fc insures uniform wear and
eliminates all unnecessary road friction.
Firestone Wheels for Fords are supplied in three
colors: black, cream and natural varnish finish.
to
Ford Wheels cro ma.ic to s.wc tiros antlinoney.
Wid the sarr.o secure fastening, as the Firestcno
D;ir.ouniablcFum5 Uscd on tho hrcst, most c:c-
p -r-civo cars. Get m touch vnh the nearest
Firestone cea!:: Hava h;r.i chew you that:
, --,f , r rim !:ect;s wator zr.l sand
-..?. ir.tj-lr.0
F118 . whose "j to 8e lnaj "
mmn MpH writ Vi in ovorv HotaU
using, selling or possessing explosli-es corper this month. This would be;
without complying with tlie law are 'mere than 1.000.0:0 pound better than '
guilty of a misdemeanor punishable February, and the largest output since
by a fine not exceeding 5000. or by March, a year ago. when 5.300.00t
Imprisonment not mere than one year , pounds ere produced. A ccatinu-.
jt by both such fine and imprisonment ance cf cperations at I'M) per cent ca
It has taken time to complete thspacity woull mean a production of at
organization for putting the law into loist 5,000,000 pounds o copper a
effect and the department has been' month, aside from the company's sil-i
lenient but the time has now come'ver and gold oulpnt, and a total ofi
nniia liOTiucui iias uca.giiaicu ini-iutw DOUIM1S in lSltt.
: , " """"J"1- vi-iiuua wn c Usycnucu iruin
but thre the o.1 re"'er:
material aid Dy reporting to the prop- bl-s. And yet despite the uncertainty1
uthorities any licensor, civil of-jhlch always surrounds mining oper-i
fjcer Qr the 8Ute ,n tor of nlos.: . . Mipo ,h. nliartr,v JZ,.
anyone whose movements o.
c"?ns re 8UC" as to pla.ee him defl-
nitely under suspicion of disloyalty'
or of renderine aid to tliA pnpmv or
wno
is wilfully disregarding the law
regulating the possession or handling
of explosives.
T I .1 V - M 1. .
" iiieusiH-s s iiui u.i-,
ly to issue the licenses, but to be ab-
- .1,-. .v.- ' .
, .,.,a .
for a license Is entitled to one, sndl
, , . . . . . . .
as n-picu u.msr.i u . u.e
to furnish as complete identification
as would be required of him by any
uaus. u ui,ui praeni
to be cashed. And if he knows of any
tine using, selling ur uussessuiK cuiu-
BRIGHT OUTLOOK IN
FUTURE PRODUCTION
Green Cananea Copper Co. Is look-'
ing forward to a Icng period of sue-!
cessful operation in Mexico. Every
thing is running smoothly at the prop-,
erty; there is an abundance of Mexi
can labor: and, barring further inter-;
ruptions there is no reason wliy the
company should not "give a good ac-
count -of itself his year.
The present governor of the state,
of Scnora has shown a commendable
willingness to co-operate with the com-!
pany in its efforts to: conduct opera-1
tions at 100 per cent capacity. Fur-
lueriuure, ne nas buuu iu iiiuic vaj.-
than cne that he is in complete ccn-;
trol of the situation in that part of;
Mexico. Marauding bands no longer!
threaten to devastate American-owned j
properties and mining operations have '
received a tig Impetus. j
In all probability Green Co. will ;
turn out about 5,000,000 pounds of,
wiier
WHEELS FOR
to find out how Firestone
ca
FIRESTONE TIRE AND RUBBER COMPANY, AKRON, OHIO
isbee Auto
Greene had a hard row to travel last
Ann.t.'n u
June 22 to Dec. 10. owing to labor trou
dend w.Vcont.nued.
KILLED IN FRANCE.
(By Review Leased Wirl j
PARIS, March 30. Miss Marion G
Crandell of Alameda. Caiiforuit. has i
- killed hv thp exnl.w n nf a p
. i! :?Z '"fo. " iL
1 the French soldiers fireside at
bell
the
French front wheer she m-m encaged
of- , v i,
as a canteen worker for trie Jr. M. C.
, x Helaila nf thp n, r,fn halB
i yet been received
Miss Cardnell was 46
old .She
, 8rrlved ln France Febrwv 13,
j
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In .
JEROME
AND
O ATM AN
STOCKS
Jack BIdg., Main Street
Phone 26 . Box 1129
QUEEN LAUNDRY.
Respectfully Sollcltt Your
Patronage :
PHONE 58 k-
FORD CARS
2. Rust can not malce rim stict to the felloe bapr.
Removal is made easy.
3. Squeaking is impossible.
4. "Wobbling" is prevented by the wede r!
which .rips the rim evenly and firmly. .
5. Tire changed in five minutes yoi can -.i; :
yourself.
JOHN G. WILSON
Contractor & Builder
Estimates furnlshad on alt
of Buildings.
SEE ME LAST
Phone Green 782.
classes
American
Shoe Shining
. Parlor
Tue only first-class shoe shining
pr.rlor In town. . For ladies, gentle
men and children. We also handle
Fresh Cut Flowers Daily
FOREST FLEMING, Prop.
ALLEN BLOCK.
Famous Medium Here
PROF. JERRELL
CLAIRVOYANT ASTROLOGER
At Golden Hotel, Room 14
The f rritcst exponent of Hindu pfcfTonpfcy
in America. The man with wonderful cJair
vnyant power' and the moil eoncientftrai ao
viser of any in the profession. He brings 70a
face t lace with tacts. Now is ye SVP0
tnnity to consult a true, gifted medium. Hv
positively tells yoor name, what is - best low
yon to do to be successful in bwaines. fort)
S'Tairt. what changes to make. Ffe tells ssa
if the one yon lore is true or false and how
to irovera and control your enemies ana
friends in fact, how to be successful m a-ry
and alt affairs ol life. ' Mr, Jerrill has a world
wide reputation and has the endorsement of
the best people. He guarantees satisfactMaw
Everything is kept confidential.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS ,
,1
.A
4
s I
' f.
V
Company
"LAUGHLAND"
10 Big Shows in 1
"BUGHOUSE
I
Upper Main St.
AGENTS
Fhonc 5 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 31, 1918.
n rr
.
1 LEJiLl LE11E1X 1UU11U
BIEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
. '3
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
General Secretary A. B. Richardson wise he Is all CX Kll H? v.:i! c back
left last Monday evening for the coast1 on the job in a 'eva day C.euc sum
with Mrs. Richardson and their son Al- that had he knon hero he was, and
barton. Mr. Richardson had a slight j whom it was that A is ad iiinisierir.g
nervous breakdown, due to the heavy i "first aid" to him. Tie wouM no? have
amount ot detail he was obliged to I come to for a week. He -.vUhes to
look after, and the long hours. Mr. ! thank each and every oo o." the young
Richardson haa had very little oppor-! ladies who took part in the first aiu"
tonity to relax lor the past few years J work.
, (
A new French class is offered u men ' Earl Wittig. who leaves for the train
at 9 a. m. on Monday and Thursdays I ing camp today, said he v.ns glud in
at the Y. M. C A. in the education of-1 deed that he had learnM t. bowl, fur
fice. The conversational method will I it would make it much casu-r for him ,
be used; that is. grammar study will
be incidental and the words and sen
tences will be taught rlub fashion.
S. L Andursky, who has been in Hot
Springs, ArlL, ani JX-nver, Colorado,
for several months past, has just re
turned to the District, Mr. Andursky
is feeling . much better after his trip
and can be found at his oU stand at
the Golden Rule Store s Lowed.
The Bible Class will be held Sunday
night at 5:?0. James Henderson, the
Fighting Harry Lauder, will agaa lead
.
H.' A.' Goode. a traveling aale-inan
from Phoenix, has been spending a few
days in Bis bee. Mr. Goode is, a mem
ber of the Bisbee "Y."
The annual report oi the Warren
to learn to throw hand grenades.
-BOYS' DEPARTMENT
The Hi-Y Club had a 'splendid meet
ing last Monday evening, with a large
attendance present. The dinner was
served by Mrs. J. E. Cain, and from
the manner in which the boys ate the
dinner must have been satisfactory.
Following the business session. E. B.
Rider gave an interesting talk to the
boys 'on Y. M. C. X. war work, and !
what some of the""young fellows in
their teens are acrTimpHshing In the
war against the Hun. Following the
address a short Bible study session
was held. .
The boys ping inyig tournament Is
now on the way. Horge Gregovich
won the first set (J the tournament.
The finals will probably be played this
District Y.1LC.A, for the year 1917 is i present week. Twd more boys have
just off the press. - The report shows a entered the tournament and will have
splendid record for any association i a chance at the prize, which is to be a
and there is a marked increase in all V watch fob.
departments. Copies of the report can
be found on one ot the tables in the
lobby.
The Travel Club will meet tonight.
A. Crittenden will show his collection
of Bisbee views on the machine.
Happy Adams says he likes to han
dle a muck stick at the Southwest and
that he will soon be able to throw Phy
sical Director Morley.
The -bos of the intermediate gym
class are anxious to perform on stunt
C A. Wakefield, an enthusiastic i night. ' They will no doubt be given
member of the "Y" for the last three the opportunity on the next regular
months, and an- employee of the Shat- stunt night.
tuck mining company, has left for Cal
ifornia. -
The Electric Club holds a meeting
every Tuesday at 7 o'clock p. m. in the
reading room at the Y. M. C. A. P. C.
Lyman is in charge. Arrangements
are being made tor the use of electric
apparatus.
Word was received last Thursday
that Mr. Richardson and his family
bad arrived safely at Los Angeles, and
that there was no apparent change in
his condition, although the change of
altitude made aim very tired. Mrs.
Richardson writes that he sleeps twen
ty hours out of the twenty-four. He is
'under the care of some ot the leading
physicians ot Los Angeles.
The chemistry class is held at the
Y. M. C. A. in the education office from
S to 7 o'clock o Mnonday and Friday.
H. C. Smoot has consented . to ' take
charge of the class.
George Taylor is a regular checker
player in the Boys' Department. Any
boy who thinks he can play, checke-s
should see George. .
Adolph Dickstein. for many years a
member of the local "V. has recently
returned to the District from the Pa
cific coast. - As soon as Mr. Dickstein
returned, he renewed his membership j
and took as electric sweat bath. He :
is now connected with the Lowell
Cleaning aad Dye works. Mr. Dick
stein has always taken -a great interest
in the work of the Y. M. C. A. In 1915
when they started to excavate for the
present swimming pooj. he carted out
the first wheelbarrow Iced of rock, ano
many others-until the job was complet
ed. . ... -
SAD SCENES BACK
OF FRENCH LINES
AS REFUGEES FLEE
All Villages Within Somme
Battlefield Epiptied of Civil
ian Population as Terrific
Fighting Raes.
The Current Event Club meets
next Sunday evening. John Aiken will
be the sDea-ker discussing the govern
ment operation of railroads, the sue- i assortments of personal belongings.
BRITISH ARMY HEADQUARTERS
IN FRANCE. Wednesday, March 27
(By the Associated Press). The
French refugees of the better class
of those who are departing from the
zonej of actual operations are corn
ing out clad in all their finery, which
represents the styles of four or five
years ago Then, there are sturdy
peasants - with- - wooden shoes and
clumsily constructed clothes, riding in
vehicles drawn by horses or donkeys
or in carts pushed by men, and some
are even in wheelbarrows. Upon th jee
queer transports are stacked range,
cess of suA undertakings elsewhere
and its probable results.
M. Merrill is considerably better.
A. Mather Hilburn, entertainer and
slight-of-hand performer, will appear
in the Y. M. C. A. gymnasium Tuesday,
April 2. He is another of our. splendid
Lyceum attractions. This entertain
ment will be free to members of the
Association and their families.
The Geology club meets Wednesdays
at 1:30 and 7 p. m. -J. B. Tenney is
discussing the action of eruptive force
on old beds. 'His work is highly pop
ular among those who attend.
J. B. Thorn hill of the Royal Geogra
phical Society of England and one cf
the pioneers of Katanga, Central Afri
ca, lectured Saturday night at the Y,
M. C. A. on bis experiences there. Ha
There is deep pathos in all this, but
none struck the correspondent more
ncrcibly than the appearance fcf tk,
tiny girl who trudged in her wooden
shoes along the dusty road, her eyes
fastened anxiously' .upon a dirty rag
doll perched precariously at the top
of household effects which were be
in pushed along- byan old man. Thin
child was - perhaps?, representative of
all the refugees she was coming
away with her niosi, cherished posses
sion, her doll and, was prepared to
guard it at all cosfe; her aching feet
were as nothing as. long as the doll
was safe.
Rturned to Homes
These refugees are from th? towns
within the somme battlefield and ad
joining it All these villages have been
emptied of their inhabitants. Some ot
the places, stripped of their popula
tion once before during the battle
was one of the first white men to visit ... ., , .,.. ,.
Katanga, and got hiB membership in
that noted body of scientists by 'map
ping the country. He is an exceeding
ly entertaining talker, and as original
as he is entertaining. He is also a
well-known author, with two successes
to his credit.
Following is a list of new members
and renewals who have joined the as
sociation during the past week: Ed.
Hardie, H. G. Crawford. Mark Hera
field, R. E. Canion, Ben Sand. Wm. A.
Dill, Jack Marr, Robt. M.' McCourt. R.
S. Martin, Chas. T. Porter. Frank G
Landrum. B. H. Bradford, C. E. Pern',
H. A. Hayes, Jas. J. Curtin. W. 11. Phil
lips, P. D, Dorou--h, Lewis Van Meter.
R. H. Frailer, Y, C. Vardas. G. E.
Wolfe. Dr. J. F. Teuffert, C. E. Hen
son, F. A. Cobb. Walter Speare, L. H.
Hays, S. L Andursky, Carl Carlson,
Christopher A. Frantjen, R. V. Pierce
Frank J. Pearson,
Grant.
Gene Martyr, one of our old time
members and one of the first team
bowlers, was doing some carpenter
work on the top of the Y. W. C. A.
Thursday when he made a misstep and
fell, striking a timber with his face.
He then went down a sixty-foot ladder
he knows not bow, but when be arriv
ed on the ground his wind was gone.
Six or eight beautiful youn-j school
teachers were on hand to give "first
aid" which they did In first class shape
Gene came Into the "Y" Friday morn
ing. His face looked like he had been
nin n,a tiw a frafvht Iniin hit! pthpr.
days of British occupation. The shMl
shattered fields had once more been '
put to the plow and when the corre-1
spondent only recently toured the old ',
region he foiand hundreds of acres of :
land under-cultivation and affairs in
many hamlets were proceeding almost ;
as if there were no war. It eema :
unbelievable that these pleasant val
leys and wooded elevations are again
Jn possession of the-eneray and stand ;
empty.
Insofar as it was possible, evry-.
thing which might have been of use
to' the Germans has been removed
with the refugees. In particular large.;
numbers of cattle have been taken
away by the owners, who patiently ;
drove the beasts on ahead of them
along the weary roads.
Much Pathos Here
While it is a sad spectacle, these
J. N. Hogood, H. F. 1 people mofnj. away with their house-'
i l.old possessions and their dogs and
their cattle, there sre few tears orj
liysteiic.il outbrt-atfs anioiig the refu-i
gees, in u: v inm art oi th peas-j
ant class. They know they must
go and they seem to be trusting ini-!
plicitly in the liritish, but th- misery i
in their eyes as they turn from all.
they love to world they do not
know is touching. Aced women ding
ing to the hands of little grandchil
dren, tiuen stooped with years, youths!
and maidens--all fall into a picture
such only a war or some other great j
catastrophe can produce and every'
detail in this endless cinematograph j
Is of absorbing intered.
T SENSATIONAL OFF
EVER MADE IN THE HISTORY OF THE OIL INDUSTRY. NO STOCK TO BUY YOU OWN THE LAND.
WE DRILL THE WELLS. An opportunity to make a substantial fortune, an income for life from a small invest
ment. Insuring the greatest possible profit combined with the greatest possible safety.
ENORMOUS PROFITS The enormous profits made by owners of oil land an: ieascs are so
well known that comment is hardly necessary. But me have given a few instances of some
tremendous profits.
SPECULATION Speculation enters Into most of our business life. Speculative investments
may be classed as oil. mines, railroads, farming, real estate, manufacturing, mercantile,
building and nearly all other things pertaining to human indeavor.
INVESTMENTS Investments may be classed as Government, Railroad. Municipal. State,
City and otner bonds. They pay 4 to perhaps 7 per cent. NO ONE EVER GOT RICH BUY
ING THESE. AND THEY ARE NOT ALL SAFE.
The money big money is made in the first mentioned speculative investments. You
will never get rich unless you take a chance. The risk here is minim liu if there is any
OFFERING In offering for sale these land unit leases, we are giving you an opportunity with
very great possibilities fcr big profit. Your attention is called to the subdivision, of one sec
tion, 640 acres of oil land in the Richards Field. Wyoming, which we purpose drilling for oil.
The unit acres surrounding forty acres in the center are offered for sale at $100 per acre. You
can buy one acre or more, as many as you like. Ycu can drill for oil any time you choose al
tho not obligated to d so. In otJier words you can simply hold your unit or units and await
drilling in the center of the tract.
SUBSCRIPTIONS Subscriptions for these acre lease uuits are now being received. The
early buyer has a distinct advantage in that he gets his holdings that much closer to the cen
ter of the tract where drilling is to begin.
It is conservative to state that a proven oil lease is worth anywhere from f 1000 per acre
up. In fact. $100 per acre for proven oil territory is a very kiw price.
Let us assume that you buy only one unit, one acre. Now c.n the property adjoining or
adjacent to yours the American Oil E.xnloratlon Company drills a a ell. If they succeed in
finding oil, then your property immediately becomes very' valuable say $1000 to flO.Ooo per
acre. Therefore, an Investment in a one-acre unit would pay ycu $900.00 profit and ten acres
$0000.00. figuring the lease to be worth only $1000 per acre. There ere many instances where
leases have sold as high as S2o.Q00 per acre. $2'.0uo an acre i. not an unusual price.
PROPERTY This particular property of the American Oil Exploiatiun Company was select
ed only after thoro investigation and reports by well known geologists who claim this field
contains immense reservoirs of oil. They also claim that the oil will te found from 1200 to
1500 feet deep. Government geologists reporting for private individuals recommend Richards
Field. Drilling rigs are now being erected in many places in this field and oil has already
been found in shallow sand.
FORTUNES IN ACREAGE A ten-acre lease has made the fortune of more than one man.
On acre, in fact, has proven a veritable fortune and one oil well his been known to produce
more than one million dollars. It is a question whether you want to take a chance and invest
$50, $100 or $500 or more against a tidy fortune. The lease is yours to do with as you please.
You can drill for oil, lease to someone else to drill on shares, or ycu can hold your lease to
sell at a higher price. The lease -is perpetual. (
You cannot be called upon for any assessments or additional r spense. Ycu buy your oil
lease and are protected by the ccmpar.y and taics if any are paid by the company." ' . ,
Each lease holder receives a bonus of stock in the company.' Fifty per cent cf all money
received less expenses of selling is deposited in the Guardian Trust Company of Denver Colo..,
as a drilling fund. It can be used for no other ourpose.
We are not selling oil stock.
You can buy stock for a mill a share, a cent a
share, five cents a share any old price and
it's hard to pick a winner.
People have made fortunes buying oil stocks.
Fifty times as many people have made fortunes
in buying oil land and leases; by getting in at
the bottom with others.
No such remarkable, profitable and safe invest
ment has ever been presented to the public
$10.00 starts you if that is all you have to invest
now. Invest all you can it may mean a for
tune to you.
The American Oil Exploiafc' ;n Company is solid,
substantial, trustworthy we vouch for that
Read the list of directors the men bshind the
guns then act!
Orders are pouring in. Let us hrve yours today.
Liberty Bonds taken? Yes, at par we own
some now.
PROPERTIES OF THE AMERICAN OIL EXPLORATION CO..
WYOMING Big Muddy Field, 320 acres; in Richards Field.
2iG0 acres; in Salt Creek Field, 320 acres; in Bishop's Dome,
1920 acres; in Cody Field, 640 acres.
OKLAHOMA 120 acres in Heaidton Field. Healdton Field
producers 60,000 barrels daily at the present time. .
KANSAS 5000 acres in Jewel County, which lias been favor
ably reported upon by two of the best known geologists of
.Texas and Kansas. The Prairie Oil Company is now drilling
in this field and they are worth following.
CALIFORNIA 160 acres of oil land in Lost Hills Field which
produces Jiich gravity oil at a depth of 700 to 1500 feet.
MEXICO--We are negotiating for a very large tract of proven
oil land ik'ihe great gusher field of Mexico. Our expert, who
has spen$rVven years in this field, says 25,000 to 100,000
barrel wfVwili be found on this tract and that no difficulty
will be it juin securing perfect title, free from any interfer
ence. AlE SALT CREEK FIELD. WYOMING '
T.'iis t 4 produces about fifty per cent of all the oil pro
duced in "Wyoming at the present time. It la thirty miles
north of 5 per and pipe lines supply oil to the Standard
and Midd refineries of that city. The Company's hold
ings of 32NJ cres are splendidly located and a well Is now be
ing driIle$otvIthin one-half mile of our property. We also
have an erpi'on on 320 acres adjoining property where a well
is being cfjed and promises to be a big producer.
PROPERTY IN BIG MUDDY FIELD, WYOMING
"Big ilkxMy" is too well known to need much comment.
It is at tt.firesent time the second largest field in Wyoming
and the fJXe of the greatest activity. Wells by the score
are bein;4irtiled. The company's holdings, are well located
and censiKtef 320 acres. This may be considered proven oil
property .rt,nd in "Bib Muddy" brings as high as $5000 per
cere. JL." ,
PgPERTY AT BISHOP'S DOME, WYOMING
All indications point to this as being one of the coming
bonsnza fUtds of Wyoming. It has been examined, and re
porle.l owr; Dr. A. A. Johnson, founder and fpr.maay years
president! .the University of Wyoming, and considered the
Icfidinr geologist of the state. The Company's holdings are
COMPANY HOLDINGS 11,040 ACRES
1920 acres, close to the anticline formation and on the C. B.
Q . R- R-
DR. JOHNSON IN HIS REPORT SAYS:
"The economic conditions are good. Water and fuel for
drilling may be obtained at reasonable expense, and railroad
facilities for supplies and equipment, as well as market for
oil are excellent. I believe this location is worthy of capital
to property and scientifically drill this location, and that
capital can afford th gamble, on a basis of 40 to 60, and
that it will be rewarded by a profitable oil field."
Information from other geologists lead us to believe this
Is one of the coming big fields of Wyoming. Active drilling
begins there early In the Spring.
REPORT IN RICHARD'S FIELD, WYOMING
This field ' lies' about 65 miles west of Casper on the
Chicago & Northwestern R. R. and only about twelve miles
from Bishop's Dome to the east
Geologists elalm this field contains immense reservoirs
of oil, as the drainage basin is about 25 miles across. They
also claim that the oil will be found from .1.200 to 1.500 feet
deep since the erosion has taken off 1.000 feet of overlying
rock, bringing the oil sand that much nearer the surface.
Government geologists, at well as others reporting for
private individual recommend the Richards Field. They
claim that the folding of the underlying rock acts like a
syphon and Kas drawn and concentrated the oil for miles
around Into the Richards dome.
A drilling rig la being erected on the ground, and it will
require only a few weeks to reach the ollsands. Oil has
already been found In the shallow sands tn doing prospect
ing work, and an oil sptine near the escarpment of the
Richards dome baa been flowing oil for years.
Th company ka holding of 256Q acre in Richards
Field, and it i generally believed th field will be one of the
sensations of Wyoming during th next few months.
JEWELL COUNTY, KANSAS
This county Is creating g-eat excitement in the oil world
by reason of the Prairie OU Company (said to be a aubsidiarv
of Standard OH) securing land and starting drilling. Many
predict this field wllf rival Butler County, Kansas, which
produced such pushers as the "Trapshooter." 5.000 barrels,
and numerous others.
One of the biggest oil fields in the west has been out
lined in Jewel County by geologists of national repute. Th
Company has holdings here of 5000 acres. It is impossible
to estimate the value of such a tract underlaid with oil, as
in many fields such acreage has run into the millions of
dollars.
CODY FIELD, WYOMING ONE OF THE BEST
Excerpts From "Cody Geological Reports."
(By Former State Geologist. .Mr. Jamersonl
Mr. Jamerson, former State Geologist of Wyoming, in re
porting on the Cody field, says:
"I consider the Cody field the best oil teritory in th
state of Wyoming outside of the immediate producing Salt
Creek district, and I say to you candidly that if the Salt
Creek field was still undeveloped and I was called upon to
decide in which of the two fields development should take
place it would at least be very difficult for m to decide."
By DR. A. A. JOHNSON
(Founder and Former President of Wyoming State University)
Thru his reports to the U. S. Government, the Salt Creek
Field was developed to its present state produces more oil
than any other field in Wyoming.
EXTRACT FROM HIS REPORT
This well defined oil field is situated from two to three
miles from Cody, the county, seat of Park County. Wyoming.
Situated on the Burlington railroad, giving excellent facilities
for transportation and marketing.
Seven wells now in this field at the different deotha snow
the Cody oil field produces different grades ef oil; from the
three distinct oil sands, viz: 200 feet or less shale oil. 30
gravity: 300 to 400 feet. Wall Creek sands. 38 gravity; Salt
breek uu to evg, Mowry beds, high grade oil, 47 gravity.
The lower oils, both by quality and quantity are the more
valuable and important. The oil at Cody brings the highest
market price. Respectfully submitted.
(Signed) A. A. JOHNSON.
Consultine Engineer and Geologist.
The American Oil Exploration Company has contracted
for 640 acres in this field and is negotiating for several more
sections.
- A 25-BARREL WELL HAS BEEN STRUCK
in the same Identical formation as the holdings of the AMERICAN . OIL EXPLORATION
COMPANY HOLDINGS in RICHARDS FIELD. .
This well showed a great deal of oil in the shale at 3.00 feet aqd when the drill penetrat
ed the oil sand at 350 feet there came a flow of 25 barrels a day."
The above la a report from the RICHARDS FIELD. This is only the first sand or stiale
and Indicates a big well at depUi. There are four oil sands In Richards Field.
SECTION WHERE WE ARE SELLING LEASES IN SAME FORMATION.
We shall soon begin drilling on section 22. where we are selling leases and believe we
win get a big well. To get the choice of location of lease you should order at once.
Price of acre lejaVes will be $200 an aor- instead of $100 In 30 davs.
, OIL LAND-HOW TO SECURE
The Biggest, Best and Safest Oil Investment Opportunity Ever Presented Anywhere bjf Anybody. Read it Carefully, THEN ACT TODAY!
Every dollar invested in these oil leases gives you FREE
as a BONUS two dollars' worth of stock in the company and
makes you part owner in all the company's 11,040 acre. You
share in all profits and dividend from oil produced or re
fined... You also become part owner in any property hereafter
acquired irv the United States or Mexico,
$10 CASH, end $10 monthly for four months buys on half
acre lease,jw-ith bonus of $100 worth of stock In the American
Oil Exploration Company
$20 CASI-fand $20 monthly fcr four months buys a full acr
lease, wttk.bpnus of $200 worth of stock In the American OU
Exploration Company. ...
$40 CASITartd $40 monthly for four months buys a two acr
lease witOonus of $400 worth of stock in the American OU
ExploraticV'Company.
$60 CASHihd $60 monthly for four months buys three acr
lease withVbonus of $600 worth of stock in the American Oil
Exploration Company.
$80. CASH and $80 monthly for four months buys a four acr
lease with bonus of $S00 worth or stock in the American Oil
Exploration Company.
$100 CASH and $100 monthly for four months buys a five acre
lease with bonus of $1000 worth of stockln the American Oil
Exploration Company.
$200 CASH and $100 monthly for NINE MONTHS buys a ten
acre lease with bonus of $2000 worth of stock in the American
Oil Exploration Company. ,
Pay cash and deduct 5 per cent.
Buy all you can afford and order quickly. Thirty day
later will be too late; they will all be sold and drilling started.
Even $100 invested should make you $1000 qullly and
'may mak you ten time that amount $1000 shoETd make
you independent and may make you rich.
Writ for any further information if everything i not
plain. If part of our business to answer questions.
THINGS WE BELIEVE AND THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW
FIRST. We -do not ask you to go where we will not. We
have invested thousands of dollars in securing, leases on oil
lands, and we shall continue until the American OU Explora
tion Company Is one of the biggest producers of oil and owns
a refinery but we do not intend to lose pur money or yours.
SECOND. As a stockholder you share in all the profits
and dividends earned for the stockholders. Your stock makes
you a part owner In all the company's property now on wed or
leased or to be acquired in Mexico or elsewliere. We are
preparing now to drUl oil wells; we will get oil and we want
ycu to take an Interest, even if it is small.
THIRD. You will get a square deal. You will be asso
ciated with some of the best business men in the country,
who have the brains, the ability and money to make a suc
cess men who have inaugurated one of the most equita
ble and mutually co-operative systems ever devised. You
will( If you mak an investment, become an oil land owner
a lease holder an oil operator, and that is where, the big
money is made. We want you as one of us.
FOURTH. Our oil scouts, men who know, are continually
in the field always looking for good properties in new and
tried fields. Keep your eye on Mexico where the biggest oil
field in the world exist, and where Doheney-Th ,Mexican
Petroleum Company are cleaning up million. We expect to
be In it soon and that' why the stock of the Amer tan Oil
Exploration Company should sell at $10 to $20, perhaps more,
a share. It costs you nothing under our plan.
ONE ACRE WORTH $100,000
There are hundreds of cases where one acre of ground
has produced $100,000 net revenue and many Instances where
more than one million dollars has gushed forth from an acre
inside cf on year.
One well that we know of has been gushing at the rate
of 20.000 barrels a day for more than five years figure that
at $2 ger barrel.
r WHAT OIL WELLS ARE WORTH
The estimated value of an oil well averages about $1,000
to eawh barrel per day production. For instance, a 100
barre oil well is estimated to be worth $100,000; a 1.00O
barrt well is estimated to be worth $1,000,000. The present
dailyjproduction from Wyoming, Kansas and Oklahoma oil
wells fct present prices is worth approximately the following;
respective sums:
A 25-arrel oil well earns per year $ 14.687.50
A 50arrel oil well earns per year 29.375.00
A loibarrel oil well earns per year 5S.750.0o
A 20 barrel oil well earns per year 109.500.00
A SOQtarrel oil well earns per year 272.350.00
A 1.000-barrel oil well earns per year 547.500.00
A 10,000-barrel oil well earns per year 5.475.0w 00
We have taken the Gamble out of th Oil Business and left
the big profits in. It's safe!
We double your opportunity for big profit we cut the chance
of loss one-half a minimum risk against tremendous profits.
HOW $1,000 MADE A MILLION
Only a few years ago two young men were working side by
side, each earning about $100 monthly. Out of their earnings
each had saved $1,000, which had been deposited in savings
banks. One day a gentleman tried to persuade tbem to take
an interest in an oil lease, with the following results:
One refused to go in, and kept bis money in the savings
bank, which earned him 4 per cent Interest pec annum.' He
allowed the amount to accumulate at compound interest and
at the end Vf seven years his investment was worth $1,407.
The other investigated as much as possible, found that th
proposition-was In the hands of honest people and ' good
business mpn, and purchased an interest with his $1,000
Seven years later he sold his interest for a ROUND MILLION.
Today this man, in the prime of life, is reputed to be worth
THE GREATEST OIL WELL IN THE WORLD
over $7,000,000. and he is still in the oil and reflnm? busi
ness, associated with others.
Do you know of the CERRO AZUI. No. 4, the worifs great
est oil weU. located south of Tamplco, Mexico, on the property
of the Mexican Petroleum Company? This well was brought
In February 10, 1916, and when capped seven days later the
measured flow was AFOVB 260.000 MARRELS PER DAY.
and it gushed with an eight-Inch column of oil reaching to
a height of between 500 and 600 feet.
The Mexican Petroleum Company also -brought in some
'.years ago the celebrated CAS1ANA, No. 7. which has pro
duced and marketed in seven years over fifty million (50.000.
000) barrels of olL
The Metropolitan Oil Corporation brought in one well with
a production of 72,000 barrels per day.
The Gujf Refining Company brought In a well with a
capacity of 40.000 barrels per day:
The Cortex Oil Company owns two wells with a rapacity
of 40.000 barrels per day.
These are only a few of the many tremendous oil gushers
of the greatest oil field the world has discovered. ALL IN
MEyK-O. ;
The American Oil Exploration Company Is negotiating for
thousands of acres a few mile from these great gusher.
Can anyone form any better proof of the PROVEN GUSHER
prababilitiea of this land?.. Your shares in the Company
make 'you a part owner in all th Company' property now
owned or hereafter acquired in th United States or Mexico
and iff refinery to be erected.
American Oil Exploration Co.
CAPITAL STOCK, $2,000,000
Full Paid and Non-Assessable
PAR VALUE $1 PER SHARE
No Preferred Stock No Bonds
UNDERWRITING AND FISCAL AGENTS
NATIONAL BOND AND SECURITIES COMPANY
1536 Welton Street, Guardian Trust Building
DENVER. COLORADO
For Particulars Regarding This Remarkable Offer See Frederick OverfiekL Exclusive Agent
for Arizona, 7 Main Street, Bubee, Office of L W. Wallace (Oppotite Pottoffice)
i: ; OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS'
GEORGE D. STONESTREET. M. E. and Geologist. President Former
Manager l Veil Rhodes' interests. South Africa; later Inspector of
mines for "the British Government. Flfteea years consulting ea-
gineer New York. Colorado and Arizona. ,
C. H. BEGGES. Vice-President Vice-President and General Manager
California Southern Railroad. Former Vice-President St. Louis
and San Pranfisco Railroad.
IVAN JACOBSON. Secretary and Treasurer Formerly with Burrougn
Adding Machine Company, Detroit, Mich.
JAMES E. BERRY, Director For many years in mercantile business
In East, now retired.
JOHN II. GABBIEL. Conusel and Director Oue. of Denver's most
prominent attorneys.
E. RICHARD SHIPP. Counsel, Casper. Wyoming.
DEPOSITORIES
GUARDIAN TRl'ST COMPANY STOCKMAN NATIONAL BANK
DENVER. COLORADO CASPER. WYOMING FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 31, 1918.
People haven't been turning oat well interested. For some one with lots ol
to the surgical dressing class. And it j spare time, and lots of patriotism, a
really is deplorable when the men ia j booth in a corner of the lobby would
France are risking life, leaving loved: be profitable.
3
The number of compresses made in
the Warren District for the month of
March were as follows: Women's
club. 361; Warren, 4,175; Lowell, 1463;
Bisbee, 1.0C0. This is very good but
could be far better and all the women
ones, and enduring hardships tnat are
absolutely impossible for us, who lead
sheltered lives to conceive of. We
musn't sit with our hands .folded and
console ourselves with the thought
that we were there last week, but be
up and doing something every day
even though the housekeeping is some-j of the district are urged to make a
what neglected, for that same house j greater cifort than ever before this
will be there long after we are dead j coming month.
and gone. Make a supreme eftort to The surgical dressing class met at
go every other day at least, and see the Woman's club Friday afternoon
what a difference it will make in the i and made 1119 bandages. Those pres
feeling of one's conscience. Now that I ent were Mesdames D. W. Matthews,
the greatest battle of the war is being Bert Warner, J. M. Silverthorn, Stew
waged it should inspire us to more en-j art Hunt, George Poole, H. Sterling,
A TRAINLOAD OF
. MEN, NOT WOMEN
Two Bisbee School Ma'ams
Express Widely Contrasting
View on This Country
One Likes h and the Olher
Cne Declares That Doug
las Merchant Is All Wrong.
deavor than ever before.
S$ Vt as
Mrs. W. H. Randall, nurse of the C.
& A. Hospital and Mary Randall of
Warren are visiting Dr. Neff of Phoe
nix for a few days.
Dr. Mary Neff and Mrs. Randall
were school mates. Mary Randall in
tends studying French in Phoenix 3
she will leave in the course of a few
months for France with Major Bone-
parte's unit. Miss Randall graduated
from high school and training school
D. II. Landes, Allen H. Barkell. C. H.
Hunt, T. L. Houston, L. L. Gilraan, C.
H. Moore, H. Reese, Frances Cum
uiings, G. Allen, H. Neyland. C. Ed
mondson, N. Watkins, F. Duval, Ben
Frankenberg, F. C. Churchill, M. E
Gage, A. O. Fridel, S. Odom, Sam
Frankenberg, Miss Mary Butler was in
charge.
The Anona Club met last Tuesday
at the home of Miss Elizabeth Stam
per. The time was occupied by sew-
in San Diego. She is one of the most i ing and knitting. The next meeting
popular members of the younger set. j will be Tuesday, April 9, at the home
Her blonde beauty and lovable dispo-1 of Mrs. W. R. Tonkin.
sition have won her many friends in
California. Ohio and Arizona. We wish
her success and know she will be very
popular with the "Sammies" "over
there."
t rS
The young glB of the Red Cross
met last Monday, March 25, at the
library. Some splendid work was ac
complished in surgical dressing. Those
in attendance were: Misses Olivia
The series of card parties that are Taylor. Agnes Perry, Maud Perry. Hel
being held every Saturday afternoon en M. Woodburn. Olga Redemeyer,
for the benefit of the Permanent Blind . Mabel Brisley, Florence Lindeman,
Reliet Fund, promises to be very sue- j Winifred Ceoley, Opal Core, Elizabeth
cessful. The public is most cordially 'Stamper, Florence Buckett Jean (juinn
invited, even urged to attend. They
alternate by being held 'one week at
the Country Club and the next at the
Woman's Club. Bring your own cards
and score cards, and wafers or any
sort of refreshment preferred, and
most refreshing tea will be served. A
very nice way to entertain one's
friends is to engage a table for one
dollar and have lour guests. Another
way is to have a Dutch treat and ev
erybody pay a quarter and have a thor
oughly delightful time as weir- as to
help this splendid cause.
A very good plan to sell great num
bers of thrift stamps would be to have
Mesdames H. C Jennings. A. R. Jewel,
Mary G. McLennon. The next meet
ing will be held next Monday evening
at 7 o'clock. All young ladies of the
Warren District are Invited to attend.
Mrs. Henry Pearce and Mrs. G. H.
Redman were in charge.
JS JS
Marechal des Logis and Luis de Dor
locott, who enlisted for service in Bel
gium army from Butte. Montana, have
charge of a base unit hospital for the
Belgian army behind the lines, have
requested Mrs. Fantzen to hurry up
the making of surgical supplies as
there are not enough supplies to tide
over from morning to morning after
a booth in the Copper Queen hotel. At ' each battle. Mrs. Frantzen requests
the dinner hour stacks of most pros 1 that all the women wno are maiaug
perous looking men stroll in. ChariU- French surgical dressing and hospital
bio looking as welL Really, traveling ; supplies to bring in their finished
men are very generous and this would work as soon as possible so it can. be
be a splendid opportunity to get them shipped at once to France.
Y. W. C. A. Notes
Red Cross Vesper service will bo
held at the Y. W. C. A. today from 4:30
to 5 : 30. An interesting program being
arranged by the representatives from
the Presbyterian church, Mrs. J. B
Morley. Music. High School Orches
tra; Prayer. Mrs. Harsbman; Song,
Star Spangled Banner, congregation; ;
Bible Lesson. The Crucifixtion. Mrs.
Morley; Topics, Red Cross Work and i
Workers; Song. America, congregation
All ae crordially invited. Come and
bring a friend. A special invitation i
extended to our drafted and army men
to attend this service.
bee association. The chairman in
charge of the contest are Mesdames
Frances Cummings, F. E. Bennett,
James Blair, Robert Fox, W. E. Ox
sheer, S. H. Kyle, II. D. Anderson, and
E. M. Durley and Miss Edna Sutherland.
The Churches
A Hostess House Welcome will lie
given for the army men at the Y. W.
C. A. Thursday, April 4. at 8 p. m. A
good time together with an interesting
program is being planned by the com
mittees in charge and it is hoped that
the boys will be made to feel at home
by the members and will afterward
avsil themselves of the privileges af
forded them with us. The following
program has been arranged: Piano
solo, Mrs. J. B. Morley; male quartet,
Mr. Williamson, Dr. Tull, Mr. Blair and
Mr. Harper; reading. Professor Sny
der; solo, Mr. Williamson; solo. Miss
Lucille Watkins; piano solo, Miss Hel
en Tieu. The committees in charge
are. reception, .Mesdames Arthur Wat
erman. C. W. Allen, F. E. Shine, C. A.
Bailey. E. E. Ellinwood, C. H. Hunt;
refreshment, Mesdames Henry Pearce,
O. N. Alvin, Richard Thomas; decora
tion, Mesdames Frank Juliff. Shine
and Williams. Entertainment, MrsJ.
P. Williamson.
Dr. Frederick Perry, international
Y. M. C. A. work secretary, talked to
a large audience of women in the Blue
Room of the Y. W. C. A. Thursday af
ternoon. He urged the women to do
their bit. to be brave and loyal at all
times, for in so doing they were help
ing to keep up the morale of our boys
in the service. Later Mrs. Lynn mada
an urgent appeal for more volunteers
in our district to assist in the ' Red
Cross work. In proportion to the pop
ulation there are very few women who
give of their time toward this import
ant branch of the service.
Miss Meddle O. Hamilton, field sec
retary and Chautauqua and Lyceum
lecturer, will speak at the Y. W. C. A.
Wednesday at 3 p. m. Miss Hamilton
has made for heoelf a distinct place in
the intellectual life of the country and
we hope that many feel it an opportun
ity not to be missed.
The polyanna Club entertained their
mothers very deKphtfully yesterday at
the Y. W. C. A. THey gave an Easter
program and prcved charming little
ho tess3.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
Easter program: 10:00 a. m. morn
ing service follows program. Theme,
"A Visit to the Tomb of Christ." Jun
ior and Senior B. Y. P. U. 6:45 p. m.
subject, "Missionary Meeting." Even
ing service 7:30 p. m. Theme, "Christ,
a Rock of Offense."
At 7:30 p. m. Mr. J. F. Matthews will
preach at the Presbyterian Mission in
Johnson Addition. Theme, "Sin Versus
Righteousness." Mr. Matthews is a
fine speaker and it is hoped that a
great number from this vicinity will
be out to hear him. Prayer meeting
Wednesday 7:30 p. m. Friends of the
church are invited and all members
are requested to be present at this
meeting. Don't fail.
H. C. COMPTOX, Pastor.
: Informal Christian Science meetings
are held in Warren every Sunday at
11:00 a. m. (new time) in first cottage
south of the "Y". All are most wel
come. Subject for today, "Reality."
THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
Sunday, March 31st.
Easter service by the Sunday School
9:30 a. m.
Morning worship. 11:00 a. m. Solo,
Miss Helen Treu. Sermon'Topic, "The
Easter Message to a Troubled World."
Young People's meeting, 6:30 p. m.
Evening worship, 7:30 p. in. Sermon
by the Rev. J. S. Henderson, on the
topic. "The Four M's of Sorrow."
Prayer meeting Wednesday, April 3,
7:30 p. m.
The time of these services will be in
accord with the old schedule, and not
with that of the daylight saving law.
ALLAN KRICHBAUM, Pastor.
Christian Science Society of Bisbee
holds services every Sunday morninflk
at 11:15 o'clock in the Woman's Club
building on Quality Hill. Wednesday
evening testimony meeting at 7:45.
The public is welcome and invited to
attend. Subject for Sunday, March 31,
"Reality."
By LEE M. BROWN.
A Bisbee school teacher, handsome
of face and charming in manner, dis
agrees with that Douglas merchant
who wished to import, a lot of New
England school teachers into the dis
trict and thus save the schools and
the bachelors from a drouth of at
tractive young women. "What the
county really needs is a trainload of
interesting young men; inen who
wear pinchback suits and iiave style
and bearing and who can talk intelli
gently on worth while subjects. 1
think the Warren District is dreadful
dull and trying."
Another Bisbee school teacher, equal
ly pretty and prepossessing, declared:
"Oh, I don't care whether they import
any more women or men, either. I
think that Cochise county is n de
lightful place in which to live. I am
having a lovely time here. The moun
tains, and the sky and the clitrate
and startling contrast here is so in
teresting and so new that I have nev
er tired of it at all.
It is all in the view point. Here
are two young women, both from the
east; both intelligent; both attracve
both engaged in the same occupation,
end yet as far apart as the poles in
t.icir views, impres-.ons a.id idoss.
V't. n common thev have the task ot
training Instilling i nd drilliu,; know
ledge iuto the mindi of Young Ameri
ca One feels the necessity and the
desire, for gaiety and excitement, af
ter tie day's occupation Is over. In
the form of dances, parties and harm
less little flirtations with men who
wear pinchback suits and say nice
things about one's eyes. Old timers
say that the liveliest times imagina
ble used to be had here. But one little
school teacher says that they are sure
lv a thine of the DasL And that hos
pitality in Bisbee exists only in theory j
This girl is full of life, girlhood incar- i
nate, - craving excitement and music !
and laughter and warmth, the spring!
time of youth. And she .jays th?.t 6"rie i
finds it sadly lacking here. That she j
has tried in vain tc adapt herself to.
n.rroniirt'ncs, so ratural'.y is not ii
very haopy pers' n. I
On the other hand, a teacher just;
as young 'revels in Bisbee. finds thej
people lovely and friendly and the
scarcity of eligible men a blessing.
She says they are such a small item!
compared to the climate and the moun
tains. "Who could possibly consider
them in the same breath." she says
"that an Arizona sunset in all its ra
diance of colors is more wonderful to
me than the most attractive man in
the world in an English suit, who ev
er charmed the heart of a damsel
away." Dances and parties are terrv
ble bores to her. she says, and that 11
they will only let her stay out here
year after year that she will gladly
become a spinster under the Arizona
sky with never a regreL What a con
trast to the cold barren coast of
Maine, where the people in their cold
intensity resemble the granite along
their shores, and must know your an
cestors for at least three generations,
while out here is perfect freedom
from - all social formalities. And that
she thanked the kind fates that sent
her to this glorious country as "pinch
backless" as it might be.
Now these opposite types living in
the same town, meeting the same pea-i
pie, breathing the same air, find life J
so different proves that the world may
be seen through rose colored glasses j
or the blackest, black ones. It takes
a variety of folks to make up this old
world, and giving the best that is in
us makes It far from a bed of roses.
Natures differ as the nkht from the
day, as in this case one temperament
demands amusement, the oiiier only
the beauty of the landscape. Who
shall say which is right, each fills her
niche. And If every one thought the
same, got the same pleasures from
life, this old world would cease to wag
The Douglas merchant should by all
means hear at first band the opinion
of the Bisbee school ma'am who sighs
for men. They could find solace in
sympathizing with each other.
The Silver Link Club after having
their business meeting, gave a surprise
party on three of the members, in hon
or of their birthdays. .The guests of
honor were Elsie Thompson, . Gladys '
Giltr.an and Dorothy Cooper.
The Assembly of God will hold their
last services at the mission on Naco
Road, one block below the depot. Sun
day School at 10:00 a. m. Preaching
at 2:00 and at 7:-".0 p. ni.
After March 30 their services will
be held in the church across from the
Junction mine, Lowell.
Everybody cordially invited to
tend these services.
JOHN' EITING, Pastor.
at-
The work on the addition of the Y.
W. C. A. building wan started this
we;k. The roof is to le raised ana
sleeping porches with dressing room
conveniences added. Such an addition
will fill a growing need in the conimur
ity.'BK. Irtsbre is lacking in its facili
ties for
women.
ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH
Sunday School 9:45 a. m. Holy Com
munion 11 a. m. Hymn 109, "Wei
come Happy Morning" Sullivan. Ai
ihem, "Christ Our Passover" Alder.
Hymn 121, "The Strife is O'er the Bat
tie Done" from Palestlna. Offering .n
them, "Send Out Thy Light" Gounod.
Recessional Hymn, "Jesus Christ Is
Riser Today" Morgan.
Special service at 3:00 p. m.'.to be
special services. At 9:45 the Sunday
School will present a service in which
many from the primary end junior
grades will take part.-
At 11 o'clock there will be an Easter
anthem by the choir, a solo by Mrs.
Maston, and a sermon on the theme,
"Our New Calvary and Our New Reiv
urrestion."
At 6:30 the Ep worth League will dis
cuss "Lessons From the Risen Christ's
Forty Days." Miss Vinnie Wacek.
leader.
At 7:30 the choir of sixteen persons
will render the Easter Cantata, "Hail
the Victor." This was composed by
Alfred Wooler. It begins with "God flu
Loved the World," then passes cn to
the scenes in Gethsemane, on Calvary,
to the empty tomb and to the end of
the story. The words are mostly bib
lical and the music of a high order.
Every one in Bisbee should attend
some Easter service. All who wish to
worship with us will receive a most
cordial welcome.
CHARLES W. HARSHMAN. Pitstor.
Rev. A. J. Irwin will preach to the
children ot Warren at 11 a. m.; to the
children of So. Bisbee at 3 p. m. and to
the children of Don Luis at 7:30 p. 1 1.
Sunday, March 31.' All the. children in
these localities are invited to ihe.-c
aking care of its employed attended by Bisbee Comuiandery No. 4 ! services and tha parents are asked to
The membership cemmittee in plan
ning a membership contest early in
May We hope that all of the women
iu the district will join us in making
Knights Templar.
The hours above are the new time.
JACOB M. WHITE. Rector.
METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH
All sen-ices wili be held on the new
record inembenrhip lift for our Bis- fast time. Ea-Jtvr v ill be observed l-y
come and bring their children.
CHRISTIAN CHURCH.
Cullen A. Cain will speak at lh-
church at 11 a. m. Bible school will
be held and lo a. m and Christian En
deavor meeting at 6:30 p m
Hardly a Drugstore in the Land
That Does Not Sell This Remedy
On the Market Half a Century.
TTien you ore in perfect health,
and are enjoying a strong and vigor
ous vitality, it is then that your blood
is free from all impurities.
Yon should be very careful and
give heed to the slightest indication
of impure blood. A sluggish circula
tion is often indicated by an impaired
appetite, a feeling of lassitude and a
general weakening of the system. It
is then that you should promptly take
a few bottles of S. S. S the great
blood purifier and strengthener. It
will cleanse the blood thoroughly and
build up and strengthen the whole
system. S. S. S. is sold by all drug
gists. Valuable information about the
blood supply can be had free by writ
ing to the Swift Specific Co,24
Swift Laboratory, Atlanta, Ga.
ELECTRIC S
DYE WORKS
Suits Clsrjied, $1.50.
Suits Called for and Delivered.
Phone 386.
ELECTRIC DYE
WORKS 1
BREWERY GULCH.
HjENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
WATKINS & BERGQUIST
Jewelers and Opticians
1 i
The HALLMARK Store
BLSSEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
!!
You've Been Earning
For Years?
Has it cost you every dollar of it to live?
These are pertinent questions, but the man who
answers them honestly to himself will feel the time
has come to start a Savings Account with this bank,
save for the future and get 4 per cent Interest.
Thoik it Overt
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 156. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted bv the latest methods.
Contractor and Builder
ESTIMATES AND PLANS FURN
ISHED.
WM. McDOUGALL
Opposite Lincoln School
CHICHESTER S FILtS
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
I -N-i h"e taxi will Ml- RiLboa. V
&7
S0LDBYC3lGCl?ISFi-IiERf
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correaponrients: Paine, Weber A. Co., Boeton, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK.
The Body of
Our Paint
Is pure white lead. It is mixed with
turpentine or pure linseed oil ac
cording to whether It Is to be used
for in or outside worjc There is no
grit in it; no adulterants to make
its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always get their supplies
here. Wouldn't it be wise for you
to follow their example.
Bisbee Lumber Company. in
EMIL MARKS, MGR.
LOWELL CAR 8T0P.
PHONE
C
2X
When You Think of Building
Think of
BSON
LUMBER COMPANY
GI
HINES
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
Phone 88
77 1
3&T PARADE !0-3OAMj
0,
mm!
aw?
600-PEOPLE--6C0
PitEiENTINC AIL NATIONS
3 HERDS ELFPHANTS J
VlNDID MENAGERIE '
42S HORSES 4Z5 v
J RAILROAD TRAINS J
ll-ACRES OF TENTS II
IO,DOO-8EATS 10,000
1,001 WONDERS LWI
i A MUDsT A SUBLIME, SUPREME. STUPENDOUS
lVililUA PROCESSIONAL SPECTACLE
RAIN or
SHINE
DAILY
215 p.m.
8.15 p. BL
DCCES OFtH 1
EOtR EAHJS
2 PERFORMANCES
Saturday-- MM &l -M
The start and development of business
enterprises requires a banking connection
of Safety and Good Service.
A Bcnluthat can be depended upon for
thece essentials " is this Bank, which cor
dialy invites your business.
BANK WITH US.
Bisbee Decorating Co.
General Painting, Paper Hanging, Tinting and
Signs. Perfect Results. Moderate Prices.
HUGHES BLOCK, OPPOSITE Y. W. C A.
P. O. Box 1531 Fhone 739
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1 .00 dinner from
5 :30 to 7 :30 p. ra. Regular Board by the month, $40;
$10 by the week.
Henry Poppenv Manager.
Do You Know the Best Meals in Bisbee?
Try our Special Merchants Lunch at noon. Vorty cents is the
total cost and it includes soup, bread and butter, reilsh. meat order,
vegetable, coffee and dessert.
$5.00 TICKET, $4.75 CASH. Short Ordert a Specialty
MAIN ST.
MERCHANTS' LUNCH
BISBEE.
FHONE- 818
We will CALL and get your shoes that need repair
ing and DELIVER them to you.
Our delivery service will take in Bisbee, Lowell, Don
Luis, Naco and all suburbs between Bisbee and Naco.
Our Motto is SERVICE.
Goodyear Shoe Shop
Phone 818.
Allen Block
P?3
earner sjss3ssgfefeteftfitefefeKMfcfeg
piaster OIlcansitKj j
'jjJET us do your Easter
C cleansing early ; we an- ?U
ticipate a bigger rush this 12
year than ever before. Avoid t
disappointment by having W
this work done now; just
telephone.
BISBEE DYE AND
CLEANING .
WORKS.
PHONE 296.
jooV for the Emblem
Tag ii is your guar,
ntce of Mter Service THE BlSBfcfci DAILY KLViEVV, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 31, 1918.
Flv
-
i
ZMLF i? VIE W WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head a? the rate of 1 cent per word each Issue, with a minimum cbarse of 2o cents
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 8 -p. m. for insertion in next mornings paper.
FIVE bright capable ladies to travel
demonstrate and sell Dealers; $2.
to $50 per month. Railroad fare
paid Goodrich Drug Co.. Dept. 131.
Omaha, Nebr. 36S
WANTED Bellboy.
Queen hotel.
Apply Copper
332
WANTED Boys with bicycles. West
are Union. 9
LEARN actual auto repairing, book
keeping, shorthand, radio engineer
ing. Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, Los Angeles. Catalog free.
230
WANTED Housekeeper on ranch. P.'j
L. Sivage, Gen. Del. 3a
TED Woman to help with kit
c ..l work. Stag Club. 355
VV..TED Honest reliable woman or
man for installment credit business.
Must be good collector. Apply room
2. Lyric Bldg. 356
WANTED Cook, private family. Ph.
543. 330
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position as waitress or
chambermaid. Marie Pastor, 9
Quality Hill. Phone Black 368.
295
WANTED Position as waitress in
restaurant Review, B. B. 294
For Sale
FOR SALE Old papers 25 cents per
bundle. Review office.
FOR SALE One Ford 1917 touring
car. One 1917 roadster both in Al
condition. Easy terms arranged.
Hood & Bledsoe, Ford agents. John
son Addition. ' 325
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper, 81-2x11, at $1.00 per 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
FOR SALE At sacrifice on account
of sickness? the Home Industry fur
niture store and lodging house worth
$2100, If taken at once, $1300 cash
will take it. Inquire at Home Indus
try furniture store, Lowell. 964
RELINQUISHMENT to good tract of
land close to McNeal, $300. E. P.
Grindell. McNeal. 615
TYPEWRITER PAPER, good bond,
paper. 81-2x11. at $1.00 per 500
sheets. Review Job Dept.
FOR SALE! 6 room house, Cochise,
all improvements suitable for 2 fam
lVes, $500 can handle this, balance
like rent. Apply McDor.gall,- con
tractor, opposite Lincoln . School,
Ti mbstone Canyon. 672
FOR SALE Fu-niture of 4 rooms 10
Bakarviile. Phnne 283. 188
FOR SALE Fine 4 acre orchard, good
house, plenty mountain water locat
ed In heart of Safford, two blocks
from sew high school. Terms or
cash. Inquire Box 3921 Lowell, Ari
zona. 197
FOR SALE Or will trade for a house
an automobile. Box 2511, Bisbee,
Arizona. 224 1
, 1
FOR SALE Furniture lor seven room
house, with privilege of renting
house. Call SO. Upper Lowell. 21'2
FOR SALE. Complete outfit for boarding-house,
ten rooms of furniture. A
bargain if taken at once. Mtc G.
. .M. Howarter, 21 Cowan Ridge, Lo
well. 2:S i
FOR SALE Cheap, tailor and clean- j
ing shop in Johnson Addition, doing j
good business. Beet location in town, j
287
FOR SALE Five passenger Ford !
touring car, 1918 model. Call at!
Lyric confectionery, opposite depot, j
WO 1 .
FOR SALE Improved ranch, good
house outbuildings, shade trees,
strong well for irrigating, suitable
for truck farming or stock, best
grass land, open range adjoining. A.
G. Hughes, 110 Opera Drive.
S61
FOR SALE 1914 Ford touring car
good running order, a bargain, $20!'.
Brophy Garage & Supply Co. 270
FOR SALE Pure Dred white anii
brown leghorn chicki $12.50 per
100. Send $2 per 10 with order,
will ship C. O. D. Forester's Hat
chery, Route No. 3, Phoenix, Any.
FETEY DINK This Dressmaker Runs Up the Expenses
f M Pe-TEN DeAl?" (Wei Veil " 95rrffiM??l 1 'lllhrih t " I It ' ' ' f-1 -1 '
Ws ? pJgf ill j fT
For Sale
FOR SALE 5-room new house, ail
modern conveniences, close to pars,
good location, $1200 cash, balance
easy payments. Warren.
For Sale 3-room house. O. K
street, in good condition, $300 cash,
" balance like rent.
Five-room new house, gas and
limits, completely furnished, $500
cash, balance terms. Tank Hill.
For Sale Four-room house "ar.it
furniture. Price $S00. $150 cash,
balance like rent. Apply to M. C.
Hi?b.
For rent Store room and ball.
Naco road. M. C. High. 387
FOR SALE Brass bed with springs
and mattress, cooking range with
water font. Phone Red 810. 38i
FOR SALE Best paying property in
Bisbee.. If sold for $15,000 will pay
for itself in reuts in less than five
year. If interested come and eev
the owner or write to Box 1329 Bis
bee, Ariz. I am almost forced to sell
and will take much less than abov
pri-C. You had better investigate at
once. This is business property.
Re.fls almost $3000 per annum. Par'
ly on time. , 39.
FOR SALE Sterilized razors blade
and strops. Bisbee Razor Shop.
Brewery Gulch. 39
FOR SALE Cheap 1916 Ford. Iu
quire Johnson Bldg., Johnson Addi
tion. Mr. Hanson. 373
i FOR SALE One Dodge touring car.
Al condition, cheap if sold at once.
Inquire 30 Upper Lowell. 331
FOR SALE Ranch 3 miles north of
Tombstone, 320 acres patented land:
60 acres cultivated; milk dairy, milk
cows, milk dairy stock cattle, work
horses, farm implements, 1000-foot
well drilling machine in good condi
tion. Address Jas. A. Lamb, Tomb
stone, Arizona. 33'j
FOR SALE Modern home, 4 rooms
and bath, Warren, terms. C. H. M ,
Review. 267
! FOR SALE 1 large corner lot at War
1 ren. Write to Box 23, Don Luis, Ar
j izona. 33
j FOR SALE 4 room house and 5 room
house all improvements. Warren
Apply McDougall, contractor, oppo
I site Lincoln School, Tombstone Can
i yon " 15
IF YOU WANT A HOME I will sell
you the lot and build you a house.
! Terms to suit purchaser. Wm. Mc
j Douzal, contractor and builder
Tombstone Canyon opp. Lincoln
i School . . -479
FOIt SALE Portable house or ex
change for Ford car. Box 1347. 759
F.OR SALE Uncalled for suit?.
Levin Tailoring Co, Lowell.
M.
904
"lllu i.ut.A lahuss-h mcueu
tor ue at Keview jod uepamuem,
310
Salesmen
WANTED Salesmen., We pay $200
monthly salary. We offer the most
reinaikable opportunity ever pre
sented to clean-cut, reliable Sales
man. We want men in every city
an 1 town in Arizona, also general
agents. ' Salary or liberal commis
sion. Want men who have sold
stock, bonds, goods or life insur
ance. Men that can earn $300 to
$10i0 monthly. No samples to car
ry. Easy to sell and make money
for every buyer. National Bond and
Security company. No. 7 Main St.,
Bisbee, Ariz. ' 371
STOCK SALESMEN Financial house
haa opening, for five $100 per
month stock salesmen to follow up
live leads which cost us from $10 to
$15 a piece in small towns. Strong
selling issue. Have active endorse
ment of many prominent men. 25
to 30 leads when salesman start
more continually. Excellent refer
ences required. Sales manager, 624
Otis Bldg., Chicago. 111. 3 iS
WANTED At once salesman and
salesladies, experienced unneces
sary. Box 3821. Lowell. 3'( !
Money to Loan
$50,000 TO LOAN an improved city
property or for building, on easy
terms of payment- T. A. Hughes,
over Bank of Bisbee. 26
SMALL quick loans on your personal
note to salaried men and women, al
ro on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room
2, Lyric Theatre building. 166
Furnished Rooms
FOR KENT One furnished room with
kitchenette suitable for batchelors.
17 Montana St. Inquire 23 Montana.
385
FOR LENT Furnished rooms, light
and water, 41B O. K. street. S89
FOR KENT Furnished rooms. Arling
ton house, opposite City Park. 36 !
FOR RENT Furnished rooms, house
keeping or batching, 176 Naco Road,
Holbrook stop. 3'iS
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms,
188 Naco Road, opposite Holbrook
Slop. Phone Blue 562. 332
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms, opposite El Paso
House, $15.00. Phone 548. 339
FOR RENT Three unfurnished
rooms 97 Youngblood Hill. 235
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
with water for nian and wife, $21.00.
J. E. Cain, Metz stop. 261
FOR RENT Four rooms furnished
thoroughly modern, also three rooms
208 Tombstone Canyon. 236
RULED INDEX CaRUS 5x3 inches,
for sle at Review Job Department.
315
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished rooms
$2 00 per week and up. 377
For Rent
FOR RENT 3 completely furnished
housekeeping rooms, close in. Phone
Black 79S. 4 16
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping or batching. Rock
House, South Bisbee. 3cl
FOR RENT Two nice rooms well
furnished for light housekeeping, no
cats or dogs, 80 Moon avenue. Ph.
645. J. W. Glover. 29o
FOR RENT--Two unfurnished rooms
with Yil stove, also water and light.
Mr. Hamrick, Winwood Addition.
FOR RENT Three furnished cottag3
back El Paso House, No. 142, at Lurt
ford. 358
FOR RENT Small three-room house,
furnished, No. 98 O. K. Phone R.
530. 357
FOR SALE 6 room house, ground to
liuild one or two more houses. 123
Quarry Canyon. 359
FOR RENT 3 room newly papered
house. Inquire Tamany Hall or 83
Youngblood HilL 686
FOR. RENT Room suitable for photo
graph gallery nr tailor shop. Phone
10. . 884
FOR RENT Four-room furnished
house, 196 Naco road. . Inquire Treu
house. Bakerville, Robert Moore.
' 3Si
FOR RENT Four-room house. Briggs
avenue. Warren. Phone Black 516.
383
FOR RENT Two large well furnish
ed housekeeping rooms, large porch,
priva'e entrance, light aniL water
tree. 153 Opera Drive. 395
FOR RENT Three nicely furnishe-i
rooms with piano to the right par
ty. 86 Upper Lowell. Inquire Mrs.
Cunningham, McWhorters, from 12
- to 4 371
FOR RENT Two nice front rooms,
suitable for gentleman, 44 Quality
Hill, opposite new Catholic church
398
FOR RENT Purchasers of S6are
ranch in San Pedro Valley, with
sm.ill house, barn, cellar, chicken
sheda. orchard, several artesian
wells do not want immediate pos
session. Will lease tor two years at
$2'.'0 per year, enly about 5 per ceni
on amount invested. Cheaper than
to buy. Inquire of Woolery Bros ,
Tombstone. Arizona. 37ii
Professional Cards
MADAME J. REA KEYS, St. Regis ho
tel. Lowell, Ariz: Phone 62. Clair
voyant and crystal reader. Iead
trance &pirit medium born with a
double veil, without asking questions
gives you dates, facts and figures,
and will read your entire life. 535
iDR.S. NEAL AND IJARNET. Veterln
i arians, treat all kind3 of animals,
j Prompt attention' to calls, day or
! niehi. Lowell. Ariz. 1'honcs No.,
I office No. 108, Neal's residence, 787.
Dr. Barnett, residence, 718 R-2. 427
Wanted
WANTED Washing and Ironing to do
at home by a colored laundress.
57'i Brewery Gulch. Tel. Green
852. 372
WANTED Burlap bags, all kinds, at
the office or yard of the Busbee Fuel
and Feed Co. 3Si
WANTED Burlap lags, all kinds, at
the office or yard of the Bisbee Fuel
and Feed Co. 3S5
WANTED-r-To rent a three or four
room unfurnished house by April 5.
C. F., Review. 301
WANTED Double headed hardwood
barrels in good condition. We will
pay $1.50 each delivered at our mar
kets in Bisbee or Lowell or at our
slaughter house. E. A. Tovrea & Co.
IF VOL' have houses for rent or sale
list with C. H. Hogan below Copper
Queen hotel in old- Bisbee Fuel and
Peed Co. office. 386
WANTED To buy second hand cloth
ing, shoes, suit cases, everything of
.value. Fred C. Alman, tailor, O. K.
Street 237
WANTED Bright intelligent boys be
tween the ages of 12 and 16 to make
nnnliratinna fn ReviPu, rnntea
256
Miscellaneous
Al OPPORTUNITY. Automobile
salesman, technical knowledge un
necessary, enjoy additional income
without much effort on your. part
Write f6r full particulars. Carbur
etor Mantle Co., Inc., 1914 Broad
way. New York. - , 367
THE KINNEY IJoarding house locat
ed on Naco road is now opened up
by r.ew management. 365
IF YOU have houses for rent or sala
list with C. H. Hogan below Copper
Queen hotel in old Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co. office. 3S6
OLD CLOTHES BOUGHT.. Phone 739.
SEE MISTRESS DUFF McBRIDE at
.New Art Store for fancy dress mak
ing, all work guaranteed. Phone 545
779
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SAI.3.
ALL CORSETS FITTED. Over
Independent" Fuel Store. Upper
Main. 231
RULED INDEX CARDS 5x3 inches,
for sale at Review Job Department,
315
FRED C. ALMAN, custom tailor, suits
made to order, ladies and gents suiti
pressed, 75c. O. K. Street.
JLOST
LOST or stolen $100 Liberty Boivl
Number 821576. Return to Box 158
or Geo. Schweinlein, 185 Tombstone
Canyon. 302
Legal Notices
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.,
March 23. 191S.
NOTICE is hereby given that John
H. Stoltz, of Hereford. Arizona, who,
on April 17, 1913. made Homestead
Entrv, No. 022184. for SEV4, Section
15, Township 22-S, Range 21-E, G. &
S. R. B. Meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make three-year Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, United
States commissioner, at Bisbee. Ari
zona, on the first day of May, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses,: Gil
bert J. Perry, William A. Lyth, Col
umbus T. Stoltz, all 3. of Hereford.
Arizona; Jra E. Loomis, of Lewis
Springs, Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication, March 30. 1918.
Last publication, May 1. 1918.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3383.
U. S. Land Office. Phoenix, Ariz.,
March 5, 1918.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
the Bisbee-Warren Copper Company,
a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the state of Arizona,
with its principaroffice at the city of
Bisbee. by its president and secretary,
thtrtnnto duly authorized by resolu
tion of its - Board of Directors, has
mrde application for a patent for the
Wiidflower lode mining claim, situat
ed in Warren Mining. District, Cochise
County, State of Arizona. inSection 18
Township 23, South, Range 25 East.
(i. S. R. B. & M., which claim Is de
scribed as follows, to-wit:
Beginning st Cor. No. 1, the W. M
for. of Sec. 18. T. 23 S.. II. 25 E., G. &
S. l:. B. & M.. brs. N. 88' 15' W. 1651
ft thpnee S. S3 55' E. 443.5 feet to
Cor No. 2, thence N. 2" 24' E. 102.3
feet to Cor. No. 3, thence S. 73 49' E.
lono.O feet to Cor. No. 4. the N. E. Cor.,
thence S. 2 24' W. 600 feet to Cor.
No. 5. the S. E. Cor., thence N. 73 49'
W. 1456.5 feet to Cor. No. 6. the S. W.
Cor., thence N. 2 24' E. 37S.8 feet to
Cor. No. 1, the place of the beginning,
cot'taining net area of 17.839 acres.
The location notice of this claim Is
recorded in the County Recorder's of
fic Cochise County, State of Arizona,
as follows: Book 57 Record of Mines,
at page 431.
The names of the adjoining claims
arc: North Bur. No. 2424. Delta lode,
Rur. No. 202. Golden Era. No. 1 lode.
East Sur. No. t2. Little Era lode.
American lode, unsurveyed. owned by
John Fitzpatrick. South, Anvil lode,
unsurveyed. owned by John Fitzpat
rick. West, Golconda lode, Sur. No.
3390.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication March 8. 1918.
Laht Publication May 17. 1918.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of Interior.
U. S. Land Office, Phoenix, Arizona,
February 25. 1918.
Notice is hereby given that George
W. Keahey of Bisbee, Arizona, who. ou
July 7, 1916, made Homestead Kn try
No. 030367, for S V section I, Town
ship 22-S, Range 25 E. G. & S R. B.
Medidian, has filed notice of intemior
to make three year proof, to establish
j claim to the lan-1 above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commts
jsioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on the first
day of April. 1918.
I Claimant names as witnesses:
I Edward E. Thomas, Charles N.
j Thomas, both of Bisbee, Arizona; Aug
!ust F. Bornego, of Lowell. Arizna;
( Keller Hogan. of Bisbee. Arizona.
jutt.N iKYi.N. Register.
First Publication March 2, 1918.
Last Publication April 1, 1918.
NOTICE OF THE APPLICATION OF
THfc BISBEE-W ARREN COPPER
COMPANY FOR A UNITED STATES
PATENT
Mineral Survey No. 3390
U. S. Land Office, Pnoenix, March 4,
1918.
Nctice is hereby given that the Bis-
bee-Warren Copper Company, a cor
poration organized and existing under
I the laws of the State of Arizona, with
j its principal office at the city of Bis
jbe?. by its president and secretary,
I thereunto duly authorized by resolu
tion of its board of directors, has made
ar. plication for patent for the follow-
ing named lode mining claims, bearing
j copper, gold and silver, situated in the
I Warren Mining District of Cochise
I County, State of Arizona, approxi
, malcly in Section 18, Township 23
South. Range 2o E., and Section 13,
i Township 23 South. Range 24 East
I (unapproved) described as follows:
i GOLCONDA "Beginning at Cor. No.
1 1. the N. W. Cor., whence the W. 'i
iCor. of Sec. IS. T. 23 S.. 1L 24 K., G. &
IS. K. B. & M.. bis. N. 81 55' W. 157.9
!feet. thence S. SS 55' E. 1494.20 feet
'to Cor. No. 2. the N. E. Cor. thence
iS. 2' 24' W. 600 feet to Cor. No. 3, the
!S. L". Cor., thence N. 8S 55' W. 1494.20
feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. W. Cor.,
thence N. 2" 24.' E. 600 feet to Cor. No.
' lr tne place of the beginning, contain
jins a net area of 20.576 acres."
I HOLD OVER "Beginning at Cor.
jNo. 1. the N. W. Cor. whence the W.
I Cor. of Section 18. T. 23 S.. R. 25 E.,
IG. S. R. B. & M. brs. N. 11' 55' W.
'635 4 feet, thence S. 88s 55' E. 1494.20
, feet to Cor. No. 2, the N. E. Cor.,
; thence S. 2 24' W. 600 feet to Cor.
N 3, the S. E. Cor., thence N. S8 55'
W. 1494.20 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. W.
(Cor., thence N. 2' 2' E. 600 feet to
Cor. No. 1, the place of the beginning
; containing a net area of 20.576 acres."
HORSE SHOE "Beginning at Cor.
No 1, the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor.
!for the S. V. Cor. of Sec. 18 and the
! N. W. Cor. of Sec. 19 T. 23 S.. R. 25 E.,
G. & S. R. B. & M. brs.. S. 8 25' W.
833.2 feet, thence N. 2s 24' E.. 600 feet.
to Cor. No. 2, the N. W. CorM thence
S 88 55' E. 1494.20 feet to Cor. No. 3.
the N. E. Cor., thence S. 2 24 W.
49-1.50 feet to Cor. No. 4, the S. E. Cor.,
thence S. 87 03' W. 1500.30 feet to
Coi. No. 1, the place of the beginning,
containing a net srea of 18.767 acres."
' APEX "Beginning at Cor. No. 1,
j the S. W. Cor., whence the Cor. for the
s w. cor., of sec 18 and the N. W.
Cor. of Sec. 19, T. 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. &
S. R. B. & M. brs. S. 19 29.' E. 870.9
feet, thence N. 12 27' E. 327.40 feet
to for. No. 2. the N. W. Cor., thence
S. 87 18' E. loi'S.eo feet to Cor. No.
13. the N. E. Cor., thence S. 12 27' W.
iwu.iw lewi iu tur. ro. me o. tor,
thence N. 81' 32' W. 1497.90 feet to
Ccr. No. 1. the place of the beginning,
containing a net area of 5.279 acres
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Horso Shoe Jode of this survey
of 6.364 acres and with Sunshine lode
of this survey of 0.7S4 acres."
SUNSHINE "Beginning at Cor. No.
1. the N. E. Cor., whence th8 W. 4
Cor of Sec. 18 T. 23 S., R. 25 E., G. &
S. II. B. & M. brs. N. 81 55' W. 157.9
feet, thence S. 2 24' W. 1500 feet to
Coi. No. 2, the S. E. Cor., thence S.
661 17' W. 668.20 feet to Cor. No. 3.
the S. W. Cor., thence N. 2 24' E.
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts of each, their meeting nights, thir officers and the place oi gather
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 713.
Meets every Friday night. Moose Hall
Visiting brothers cordially Invited.
V. R. TONKIN, Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secretary.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OP AMERICA.
DREAD NAUGHT.
L. O. U NO. 210,
meets in L O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. Wm. T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICAN"
YEOMAN
Richard L Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at Odd
Fellows' ball. Visiting Archers are
cordially invited.
MRS. C C. FINLAYSON. Foreman
P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON. Correspondent.
Box 1495.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy NalL
H. C. LANDAU. C, C,
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
T llv Tnm rJ c Vt moat a avapw 9nr1
and 4th Thursday evening of each
I month at Odd Fellows HalL Visiting
: sisters are. cordially invited,
j MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C.
! Phone Black 851.
! IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
I " Box 1475
E
i WARREN MINING DISTRICT
j CHAPTER AMERICAN RED CROSS
i Executive committee meets second
land fourth Wednesdays of each month
jat Y. M. C. A. All members urged to
j meet and confer with committee after
j each regular meeting.
1500 feet to Cor. No. 4. the N. W. Cor.,
thence N. 66 17' E. 668.20 feet to Cor.
No. 1. the place of the beginning, con
taining a net area of 20.660 acres."
NANCY HANKS '"Beginning at
Cor No. 1, the N. E. Cor., whence the
W Vi Cor. of Sec. 18, T. 23 S.. R. 25 E..
G. S. R. B. & M. brs. N. 57 26' E.
540.4 feet, thence S. 2 24' W. 1500
feet to Cor. No. 2, the S. E. Cor.,'
thence S. 66 17' W. 668.20 feet to Cor.
No. 3. the S. W. Cor., thence N. 2 24'
E 1500 feet to Cor. No. 4, the N. W.
Cor., thence N. C6 17' E. 668.20 feet
to Cor. No. 1. the place of the begin
ning, containing a net area of 19.550
acres, expressly excluding area fit co
flicr with Survey No. 2454, William B.
Mocre lode of 0.152 acres, and with
Suivey No. 3137 Jack Pot No. 2 lode
of 0.958 acres."
- The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the County Recorder's
Office, Cochise County, as follows:
Golconda Book 57, Record of Mines
Page 105.
Hold Over Book 3S, Record of
Mines. Page 463.
Horse Shoe Book 30, Record of
Miues. Page 330.
Apex Book 57, Record of Mines,
Page 431.
Sunshine Book 30, Record of Mines
Page 332.
Nancy Hanks Bo3k 30, Record of
Mines, Tage 331.
The names of the adjoining claims
arc: North Survey No. 3389. Carbon
ate. Copper Wedge and Sulphide lodes.
Survey No. 2425, Delta lode. East,
Survey No. 32S8. Wiidflower lode. An
vil Forge and Copper Era lodes, unsur
vejed, owned by John Fitzpatrick.
South, Copper Era lode, unsurveyed,
owi.ed by John Fitzpatrick. Survey
No. 2454 Vic Roy and William B.
Moore lodes. West Survey No. 3137.
Jack Pot No. 2 lode. Survey No. 3389
Ca-bonate lode.
The official survey of said mining
claim being Mineral Survey No. 3390.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
First Publication March 8, 1918.
Last Publication May 17. 1918.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets in Medlgovic"!
Hall every Tuesday
nlfht Visit!nr hrnthara
S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
J.' Rathbone Lodee No. 10.
Knights of Pythias,
meets each Thursday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
LEON H. RICE, C C
EARL SOBLEY, K. of R. S. '
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E., meets
first and third MONDAYS. 8 p. m-.
Eagles HalL Visitors cordially wel
come. J. F. WILMOTH. President
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDMONDSON, Aerie Physician.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
R. E. WARNER, Exalted Ruler.
J. A. KELLY, Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADlES OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Satr
urdays in the month at L O. O. F.
Hall. 7' 30 p. in. Visiting members art
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID, President,
P. O. Box 34SS, LowelL ArU.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary, LowelL
E. LINDQUIST, Financial Secretary.
P. O. Box 3246, LowelL
BISBEE LODGE, NO. 10, I. O. O. F.
meets every
WEDNESDAY
trennr at DM
tfr.11
Main Btreet, at 7:00 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
H. R. TAYLOR, V. G.
CARL V. NELSON. Secretary.
OROER OF EASTERN STAR.
meets la Masonic Hal'
Pearl Chapter, No. 8, meets
in Masonic Kail second and
fourth Tuesday of eacJi
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43. Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Secy. P. O.
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com-,
Phone 16L
WEEK ENDING APRIL 6, 1918.
Monday
Tuesday
, Thursday Blue r.cg.
U W Friday-
Saturday
W. W. GIDLEY. W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. & A. M.
J. W. TOLAND, E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK. T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary CounciL
T. F. B.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
Bisbee Lodge No.
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vtch Hall. Visit
ing members cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Box 1621.
'MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA.
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets first Tuesday at
Odd' Fellows' HalL
R. L. MOTZ. Consul.
II. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
Bj C A. VOIGHT r. six
THE RjSPF.E DA!Lv REVIEW, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 31, 1918.
ews
rrsv m A TP . -r-v 7
VV
ARIZONA PRAISED
FOR NEW HIGHWAYS
TRAVERSING STATE
'""Arizona can well be proud of the
new road connecting Phoenix with Su
perior. Ray anil Hayden," said Y. I.
Hubbard, of the Eisbee Auto Compan?
local Goodrich tire dealers. "The road
passes through a country rich in hi
toric interest.
"Part of it follows the old trail made
famous by Alfred Henry Lewis in his
"WoHville Nights." It passes directly
through the ruins of old W'olfville, in
tersecting there with the new road to
Florence. This latter city will Ik? re
membered as 'Red Dog' in the Lewis
ihighway lies between Tucson and No-
i galea. The soil formation here is ol
decomposed granite, which is almost
; perfect road building material.
"An unusual featue orf the road is a
stories. : large drainage d.icn running us em
"The old Silver King mine which ; length, w ith culverts sufficiently lar;
has produced millions of dollars of , to drain the water off the road even
pure silver, is in tms vicinity. case ot ciouu oursis.
"A few miles bevond W'olfville is the "Seth Hudgins. the Goodrich road i rrpi f I rIAl I TrOTO
prosperous town of Superior. A good I scout for this section, has just logged rhrlrnjf V lr
mouptain road leads out of here to this highway, and Goodrich log cards , fl I I B 1 1 3 5 1 I i filUllJ
Or,.. f ikn nnnnar nnli n( the . HT" TOW IlfiniT printed, and Will SOOn I V I W I V - V
state. .x be available for distribution free v
"Kroin Hay to Hayden is another any motorist."
daylight saving wiil be f.-.e grat coti- be considered by his. Committee. This DIRECTORS NAMED
senation of iltnminants. It is inipos- mean.-, thai millions of dollars or In- fv; rfii nVM" MT
sible to compute with any decree or Oian claims pending before congress tUK t '.VLfLU 17iiiN 1
a-rurary the anumt c cle.tricity. will not disc.ej of. The action iVITIPf&lI FRVirP
Tj-j is in response to an appeal from bouse
SAVING
.DAYLIGHT
'nPAIGin "J"fll III 'in?rvcu. n-j is hi reipunse 10 an appeii irom Douse
're II f 11 It! V rillinU I W amr'ur' aved by gas or lertric ilium ! katkrs that the time of member of
K SiS Hflfstl fiiiilMl I Ii inatin P'snts will sfrve materially tthe hens'; sr.ull aof te taken up in
" l.VJfillU IlL'nS 1 11 help avert a recurrence o: last win-jany legislation except t;a' nffs?arv
good road with a maximum grade of It
S percent: while the 74 mile stretch , 1 1 ATJTFr QTATF5 TIRF
from Oavden to Tuc;on will satisfy '.'.ii 1 EX jlnlf. IIIyCO
EN ROUTE TO BISBEE
ters coi sT;tase
Plan Not Experiment.
Koreitrn co'riries which P'.it the
pbn into effect found thi: v.. cn"
gr"3 amounts cf c: c1 were avr. J.
.' biTt tfc-'t tiic pactke cf rising early
cave considerable stimulus tn wnri-
I 3cl Nli-r-.t Ppr?f??t of DIs-;ers 'n the war Indus.rirs. I J -land
-"to - Frri
th; rrost fastidious tourist,
"but the crowning glory of the statj
I- - i :r I -
trict Lest Hour Sleep;
Clocks Ti red Ahead, But
Conditions Unchanged.
mi-
Look for the Brand
The Willard brand is more than a name.
It's a sign cf reliability, responsibility and
protection to the buyer who wants the
genuine Willard Battery with Threaded
Rubber Insulation. The Willard brand
means a hotter spark a quicker start
brighter lights, and vitality to carry over
load and work overtime.
In the Threaded Rubber Insulation of the
Still Better Willard in the expert workman
ship in the complete Willard service therq
is greater assurance of long battery life.
LOHMAN & WRIGHT
Central Theatre Building - - (Lowell
France and Germany ar.- v;:-!l : U-
fit I wife t.-.e Tjiifil.
It was poin;d cut w,ii!c f-.e J;vli-;.t
saWng bill was beins dr'nt I hi c :n-
irrrkta that llin nlon I
A complMe stock of United States r j.. inc.U9IiPeA ', lut.-ly i,c discr. an'i'fon or aisloctkn
tires is expected ths first of the week UondltJOns Uncnangea. . j .f ncrmrl . n
by Hyde it S'.rack lcal distributors. ! actual operat;.n is concenie 1. it may
v.ho rc-er.tly opened a supply house rarsottel ulltU ,ho dav f0TCS in
c:id srr.ue station in Johnson addi- WASHINGTON, March 29. - I.at OctcLer to revert t' r c'c'ks to -sin"
:";"' "exVt0 nri a?d Bd""e; ' night you lo-A a.i fconr's sleep, i rotat i time.
mere ha-, b.:en a big demand f or I ,y w,thoat kaowlnp it. The howhclinr who beeT in
Innei fates tires, for the Royai , - Whe s, t!ocfe, plI c,er ,.e habft ljsjn g. t Ov!ork.
tcids and other tread? are more than , ,, in will m- .,.
tc the winning of the war.
ACOSTA TO REPORT.
. HAVANA. .March fcaldomer.,
Acosta. jr.. received a terrain today
from Manager Clark Griff it h of in !
Washin.ton Americans, sayings thi.t
waivrs which had been ask?d up ths
f'niisn o.itf ioi(lfr navH been reci!;--.'!
and ordering him to report ' Au:u.-;j.
Ga.
WASHINGTON. March 2 Federal
empioyncnt tlir tiers for Ar'.ansa-s.
Imliani. Maryland and New Mexico
today by the I'r.ited S' lies E:no!oy
ment service. They are. It. 11. K'!it
in. Little Kock: '.Via. D" .'.'irer. InUhr.
upoiis; John K. ohaw. V. .ltimore: Alv
in M. Vh:t ciiver City ; V.'. G.
Sprasue of Llula f.cr!:, nm; aciiiiK
director. v.a u. poiird as-' istr.ni dlr-t-l-r
for Arlu.:.-s.
KfU-r i! direct-irs l!:iVc ". o-,i sppoihf
ed I.: 22 stxt"s.
vi,u.. ... y-.j. ' "Ic-infcrtnlty with the Day'.ipht Savla vil! transact his daily business on his
ri-j-j lin iuuui; "i, i u.s i. uu., . V0c,l ..,ta.l hv mn-rpsi lls.lil ci-hr -till -. n i l rr
and grecses ars :?.rried in stock, and
ihv motorists can always secure real
service at this tire shop.
la.
(Hown-er. all will be compensated foi
I that precious sixty niinu'.es of ccnten.
mcnt next OcJober when all timtpiec
! C3 will be moved back an hour.
Fmulatln r. plan that tas pioved
. ; r i r . . 1 t rfltiii
g- frT r T I I mutonmj Htit:i -mui i" uic-. uiii..,1
JCtACAJ lit Llo 1 rlW 1 ; r.nd cortinental Europa. i.ie govern-
bis
However, in all
win be an r.our
RAYFIELD AGENCY IS
The local agency fcr the famo-js
Rayried carburetor was secured dur
ing the past week by the Cochise Mo
tor company and all size3 of his eco
nomical gasolins "mixsr" are row on
display. The Rayfield is enc of the
best known carburetors and thousands
of mctorists by usln
are now savins on gasoline bills, b-
j sldea sacurlng extra mileage with
their automobiles.
usual "clock" hcur.
Inese movements t?
anead or the sun.
. The ftur time zones of the cenntry
ea'--rn, central, mour'ain mil Pacif
ic are retained hut I've clocks s?t an
hcur ahead of standard sun time. It
ment decided to adopt daylight savin.; j was thought that som- eomusion
as p war conserva lon measure One', miht hove attended the lime cfcinse
Ioe: hcur last night, has gained mil-'-on the railroads. fce.aus? of the tiou
lior.s of daylight hours that will it sands of ttairrs la operation wfcea the
inestimable value in sp?ed"ig up the j clocks were moved forward last v. iz'r. t.
war. ' ' However, armnsements were n.ads to
avoid Interruption or risk of accident.
Training of ireops will be eK.reditea
Men working In war plants all this
this Instrument I , -""J1" w'V"-.
ceiore it siid jiris iirn ..i :s,
and will finish their day's work in
time to have more daylight for recrea
tion or home gardening. It is. expect
ed that risk of accident in industrial .
establishments will f reduced consia-J
1 r-rT k. nrp n . 11 1 r-n erably because here will be one mors .
i litht hour instead of a dim one at the.
j end of the day. Trarric acd transpor-
s,1p tp inipasin everv we-k. ac- at'an will be helped Wause the late
" O J ' I J w 111 in 7. . 1 1 . ,-1 . 1 ,
Bledsoe o thi lIy c.u&u ... m iu uajim
t', insteza oi gaKrmn lwIlnl.
I Health Benefit.
A i?i)?ral Improvement In health
with spring weather actually her!,u suv,iw lu,;ry ana in tne rar of I. w. Wallace s
sa'es are extacted to double, for al-!"ast- Als0- tl 18 claimed the last hour real cstatj and Insurance office,
mcst every one who can a-ford to own cf slop will -be sounder and irore ben- The t-nd;3K i3mpany will act as
a ar will buy ne now wnne touring " ,ttuusuis ior me Am.'ru-an um Eipiora-
i i.oa couipauy. a J.uuu.uuu corporation
I whose Dresent holdinss embrace over
i'roponsnts or tne aajngni sav mg i n.ooo acres in Wyoming. Colorado,
plan beli-ve the extra hour weil mav Oklahoma. Kansas and California, five
" ' --' "Wt 'Tri i. mill im.u.i.ii mm .. '"mmy
RjUcnd. 1911
r
FCRD SALES LARGER
DECLARES MATAGER
cordinff to Maua?er
lecal Ford agency. Daring the pas
uf ir a nnmhpr of cars were sold and
is So enjoyable. Hood & Bledsoe are l" luc B""- l
Rtill rhle tn make immediate ueliver-1 "Pit
ies for a few days at l?ast.
BONDING COMPANY !N .
DISTRICT TO OPEN U? -SALES
QF OIL LANDS
The National Bond and Securities
lecnipany of Denver, Co!j., have e-'ab-I
lishei a branch office In Eisbee at 7
i Main street, opposite the postoffice
. tuiidiiig and the Copper Quen libra-
REFUELIC DEALERS
thus
e devoted 10 home gardenine,
relieving the national demand.
REPLENRISH STOCKS , told congress committees that a
hour's work a. day la a garden will
produce an ajr-nzin; amount of food.
The Western Vulcanizing company,
distributors for Republic tires and
tubes, received another big shinnitant
from the factory' last week, and are
now prepared to make deliveries ca
any sizes and any treads. Rpublic
tit is are making a reputation in li
parts cf the country for giving exces
mileage end motorists are equipping
their cars wi'h Republic tires by th-j
thousands..
recognized oil states and who are now
negotiating for large acreage in tho
immenss oil district cf Tampico, Mex
ico The plan on which the ccaipny
! works is co-onerati e. inasmuch as the
Unless something unforseen hap- ji conmanv is buvine land and I-ases
pens," he said, "the world is going to 1 aad letting the public in on small,
experience the greatest food shortage j investments, selling as little cne
in the r.-xt year that it has known ( Dai; acre, cne acre or ten acres, an1
1 At. -.Ainn:- 1-V. 1 . . ....
siirto me .aiiJitxiun- warn. 1 uc ruBiit-1 giving stock in tne coi poration as a
REVIEW WANT ADS
- BRING RESULTS
e3 ara that tuere will be many hungry
people in car cities, not because there
is not enough work for them to do.
not because money wage will not be
high, but because food will te hard to
' gt at any price. Anything which will
I enable working men to produce a part
!of their own food is, therefore, of ut-
I most importance."
I One of the moot direct benefits from
VIULGU 5
laves
The Best Tire Brains and
Skill Can Conceive TJie
Best Tire Money Can Buy.
Nothing but Quality-Miles
Piled on Miles to the Point
of Mileage Cost Could.
Possibly Account for This
Great Fact.
THE FIVE
ROYAL, CORD, NOBBY, CHAIN, USCO, PLAIN
Plain Usco Chain
30x3 $13.80 $14.50 $16.40
30x3 - 17.95 18.80 21.35
32 x 3 20.80 21.85 24.55
31 x 4 27.45 23.80 33.50
33x4 29.30 30.80 35.90
34x4 30.05 31.50 36.65
fiyde & Straek
SALES AND SERVICE STATION
JOHNSON ADDITION
Next to Borderland Garage.
PHONE 859
Tires, Tubes, Supp'ies
PHONE 859
If -. i,tTrifi- r Vi- r-mi m mrntim
ben u.s. This gives the small investor .
a chance to g?t in on the same basis,
as the big operators and make money
from a B.nnll sum. For salety and a!
chance to maVe big profits this plc i'
has been declared by many who have
already invested in it, the gr-aest!
mutual :xperation idsa ever devised
and, offered to investors.
TAKE UP INDIAN CLAIMS
(Itv Rpvlew Iaswl Wire)
WAfrlllXGTON. March 3D. Chair
man Carter of the house Indian com
mittee announced today at this ses
sion of cangress Indian claims which
ante-dcte the fiscal year 1910 will not
bill
Udil
A
By Letting Us Place a
!ayfield Carburetor
nay-
3CT2
On Your
AUTOMOBILE
Trie Rayfield is cne of the most popu
lar carburetors in America today, and
it always will be, for it makes a gal
lon of gas go twice as far.
. The Rayfield carburetor will give
ypur motor more- power, quicker
starts and more mileage. It will soon
pay for itself. Why bother with car
buretor trcuble, big gasoline bills and
charges for removing Carbon? Call
at our garage now and let u equip
ycur car with a Rayfield. It will cost
you nothing if you are not satisfied,
except for installing it.
Cochise Motor io.
PHONE
MAIN STREET
BISBEE
aaaBe-33wsi
' ti
Heat and
cannot hurt
friction
this tire
Why Prodiam Proeuu Rabbet
4xdd milaf to RepubUc tires
Heat, the gTeat destroyer of rubber, is caused, principally
by friction. . ,
Pi-odium Process Rubber (the wonderful new compound
used exclusively on Republic tires) possesses anti-skid and
traction qualities which reduce friction to a minimum.
In addition to this, Prodium Process Rubber will withstand
a bijher temperature than any material ever used on a tire.
The result is that Republic Prodium Process tires are
almost proof against the damaging results of over-heating.
Get a sample strip of this wonderful ntw rubber. Try to
break it. Its great tensile strength is another of its advan
tages over all other tire treads.
Western Vulcanizing Shop
Johnson Addition
1 "l'1" ' - v
t
Face the
Facts!
, , , s HUUU
Ki.M '. j&TyTTra II PHONE 686
ii niT i7iiMMrt i - I. ! i r i i ii i " B
LOWEST PRICED car on the market
CUTFUT, 1,000,000 cars a year.
CHEAPEST UPKEEP of ary car.
SIMFLEST ENGINE
DO YOUR own repairing.
THE CAR that Ukes you anywhere ROADS OR NO
ROADS.
FORD SUPPLIES obtainable any place on earth.
THE ONLY CAR tht holds its value.
If it's not SHOW you are after, answer yourself this:
Why Buy Any Other Car?
COME IN AND TALK IT OVER WITH US SEE
THE 1918 MODEL.
Terms Arranged.
o
BLEDSOE
JOHNSON ADDITION
Afuf tn th Stylnh Black Tnad