I & f f
WEATHER.
twit
Tuesday and Wodnes
dav iartly cloudy and
slightly warmer.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL 21, NO. 6.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 18, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SUTTER WILL BE
A CANDIDATE
riiuxcn ciiildhex wave at u. s. soldier lads'
AS All EMC AX liOVS LEAVE CAXTOXMEXT FOR FTiOXT
s
SUNDRY CIVIL BILL ALLIED ARMIES
E
N
T
FOR GOVERNOR
RECORD VOTE
EVERYWHERE
Y
INDICTMENTS
ARt
FOUND
AGAINST
ASSES
HOU
HOLDING
F
MANUFAC
URERS
Kite , fc&s&gwli
-!
Natba Wide Conspiracy to
Defraud Government on
Contracts Disclosed by De
partment of Justice Agents
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
"vVASHlXGTOX, June 17. A nation
wide conspiracy between manufac
turers and contractors' agents in
Washington to solicit government war
orders under an agreement to pay
commissions illegally to the agents
was disclosed today by the department
of justice.
Simultaneously with the announce
ment, raids were made on hundreds
of manufacturers' business offices
throughout the United States in search
of papers showing the scope of the il
legal practice, and four Boston busi
ness men were indicted in Washing
ton on charges of acting as contingent
fee agents.
Even before the results of the raid
were fully reported here tonight, of
ficials indicated they had evidence
that scores, perhaps hundreds of con
tracts have been made with manufac
turers who were under pledge to turn
over to contract commission agents in
Washington, Xew York and elsewhere
a percentage of their profits.
Officials said the manufacturers
were led to enter into the agreements
by assurances of the agents that they
had special influence with army Of
ficers in charirp rf lettin? contracts
and under threat to use that influence
against the manufacturers. Evidence
was said to have been secured that
some of the agents already have made
thousands in commission fees.
This development led to investi
gation of the relations between certain
army ofifcers and these agents and
although there is no definite indica
tions that these officers are knowing
ly involved in the conspiracy, Secre-
f arv Rk.r i- mnVin thr.rnn.rh in. I
... .. , - ., I
vesugauon in co-operation wiin me oe- ,
partment of Justice and tonight auth-
orked the sUtement that he would . T
..... . , , thft bouse were concurred In and the
so to. the bottom of any suspicious,..., " . , Rotll
cases. Secretary Daniels is seeking
in clcse touch with the investigation.
Ramifications of the plot may lead
shortly to other disclosures as sensa
tional as those of today. These may
developed as reports trickled in from
the dramatic raids prepared tor 4 J
o clock this afternon, eascern time,
when agents of the department of
justice's bureau of investigation in
more than seventy cities entered of
fice of several hundred business firms,
showed their badges of authority and
spent several hours going through let
ter files, searching for documents
which might shed light on contingent
fee contracts. Eleven offices in
Washington were raided at the same
time, and a great mass of papers of
contract agents was carried away.
Other cities in which raids were
made include, Xew York, Boston,
Chicago, Brooklyn, San Francisco, Jer
sey City. Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, St.
Louis. Cincinnati, Cleveland, Toledo,
Columbus, Ohio.
At almost the same hour the raids
were made a federal grand jury in
Washington returned indictments
cbartfng conspii.loy to obtain con
tract under illegal contingent fee plan
against John Fleming, former water
commissioner of Boston ; John T. Cava
naugh, Eugene Sullivan and Joseph
Kohn, all of Bostoii. These men, it
is charged, worked together in a mys
terious manner, persuading manufac
turers to pay them commissions on
contracts they obtained, representing
that they had special influence with
certain unnamed army officers and In
(Continued on Page Two)
Germans Use Mustard Gas to Drive
Americans' Out, But Efforts Fail
WITH THE AMERICAX FORCES
OX THE MARXE, June 17. The Ger
mans today began using gas to a great
er extent alon this front than they
have done heretofore. The Boise I)e
Belleau came in for its share, but not
withstanding the heavy gas and othor
shelling the American lines remain
intact.
An American patrol crossed the riv
er Marne last night east of Chateau
Thierry and at once established con
tact with the Germans. After an ex
change of shots the Americans recross
ed the river safely by means of boata.
A heavy rain began falling late this
afternoon. j American prisoners on the Luneville
There has been an increase in the i front today. The enemy raid fol'.ow
artillery and aerial activity along the ed a patrol fight, in which the Amer
Marne front but the infantry has not j leans penetrated the enemy trenches,
been engaged in the last 24 hours. I killing one German and w ounding an-
The enemy artillery fire In the aec-: other,
tion east of Chateau Thierry has been The American forces along the south
increasing for some time and . the . bank of the Marne are constantly
American fire has increased propor-1 crossing to the north side w here the
tionately. The Germans last night j enemy is entrenched in wooded low-
started to construct a foot bridge
across the Marne at this point, but
were discovered and abandoned the at- i
tempt even before the American ma
chine gunners on the bank could get
into action.
To the west the Germans have taken
to drenching certain localities with
mustard gas. One of these places is
Makes Announcement That
He Will Be Candidate for
Governor on Democratic
Ticket; Platform Later
CRy Review leased Wire)
PHUEXIX. June 17. It now seems
that it cau'be announced with absolute
assurance that the special session of
the Arizona legislature will adjourn
tomorrow evening. With twenty sen
ate bills and thirty-three introduced
so far in the session, the governor has
received but six. There has been a
final agreement on the house council
of deiense bill.
Th bouse has accepted the senate
I amendment to the Marsh bill which
provides for the confiscation of autoi
used in transportation of toxfeating
liquors anywhere in the state.
The senate killed the house bill for
the uniforming of high school cadets.
The senate passed the senate Amer
icanization bill, which provides Tor a
night school tor foreigners, while a
joint memorial on the same subject
to congress was pent to the governor.
Among the bills scheduled for the
last 'lays work are those of the regu
lation vt : i';ng and rot ton products,
oun'trc s.ddiers, the anti arabond,
definitely defining soldiers' civic
rights. Today Senator Fred Sutter of Co
chise county made the announcement
ot his candidacy for governor on the
democratic ticket and will publish his
declaration of principals on his return
to Bisbee.
The state council of defense bill was
sent to the governor for his signa
ture. The senate conferees on the bill sub
mitted their report on Saturday and it
was adopted. The report of the house
conferees this morning was also adapt
ed and theh ardest fight of the session
was over.
The Senate passed tne hOUSe bill IOT
the confiscation of automobiles en-
..... . . i:
'lLf Ji' t' '
of these measures hav emergency
clauses so that they wil 1 become el-
fective as soon as they have been
: signed.
i The dairy inspection bill was passed
by the senate and will probably be
disposed o" hi the house tomorrow.
TO BE ADMITTED
WASHIXGTOX. June 17 Modifica
tion of immigration restrictions includ
ing the elimination of the literary test
so as to permit Mexican aliens to en
ter the United States for the period oi
the war to work on farms and rait
roads and in coal mines was an
nounced in orders issued today by the
immigration division department of la
bor. The order is effective June 20 and
will apply to aliens for wiom em
ployment has been arranged. When
they no longer havt employment the
immigrants will be returned to Mex
ico. ,
Employers of such aliens will be re
quired to pay current wages, but must
deduct therefrcm 25 cents a day until I
MEXICAN LABOR
iuu nas oeen accumuiaieu. auer "The aviation service has continued
w hich $1 a month must be withheld. ! t0 uke a very important part in the
The enitreiund will re returned tojfisliting notwithstanding the unfavor
the immigrant w hen he leaves the ai,le flying conditions. Forty-four en-
country. ,
Belleau wood, the Germans apparently
thinking that this was the only way
to drive the American troops out. But
it was not, for their style hoiding all
their positions and at the same time
are giving the enemy some cloud of
American gas to worry abou. German
airplanes today and late last r.ight
were very active. There was hardly a
moment when the hollow baric of the
Archies waa not heard. The roomy
has been especially active against the
sausage balloons. The downpiur of
rain late today caused a temporary
lull in the artillery duel.
A German raiding party took a few
lands, returning safelv. Most of tin-I
American patrols have crossed by
boat: others, singly or In small mini.
bers, swim the stream which 's about
150 feet wide. Twice only reoortlv
have the larger patrols encountered
the enemy. It is known, however, that
some of Germany's best troops are fac-
ing the Americans here.
, ..v .-.: -'T
11
French children waving at U. S. troops, above, and view from hillside showing cantonment of American troops
in France.
The little French children have learned to love the American troopers in France the way they do their own
brothers and fathers fijrhting for them. The upper picture : hows how the French children flock to the road
side and cheer the U. S. boys going through a village on their way to the front The lower picture gives a
pood idea of the country where the American lads are pettinu their final training in France before going to
the front. r The picture, taken from a hillside, shows a U. S. army cantonment in the distance.
ITALIAN OFFICIAL
STATEMENT SAYS
RME. June 17. The text of today's
Italian official statement reads:
"On the Asia?o Plateau and on
Monte Graph a the enemy, who had on
the 15th instant suffered heavy losses,
limited his action yesterday to hinder
ing with intense fire the counter ot
fensive push cf our own and n'lied
trccps. who, however, were abla at
several points to gain partial successes
and torectify our line. '
"Along the Piave the battle went on
with -extreme violence. The enemy
jiecuiss oi nis iosss, conunucu ms pu-
erful pressure in
.. , I i, : .. .
occupation on the Montello and open
the way to the plains. Our troops
have strongly engaged the enemy on
the line of Clano, the Montello crept
and St. Andrea.
"The Italians are bravely holding
the positions on the river frniu St.
Andrae to Fos.saleta and are ct'elctive
ly opposing the enemy's advance in
tile area in front of San l;oni Di
Piav.
"Prisoners taken from the beginning
of the fighting amounts to more than j
120 officers and 4500 men cf other
ranks, inrludin? TIC runt nrt-il hv the
British troops and 2111 bv the French, i
cmy machines have been brought down
during the last two days."
, "There Is little change on the Brit
ish front. The artillery battle has
i died down and the enemy Is reorgan
izing after his severe defeat.
"Captured maps show that his ob
jectives were very ambitious; they
included the capture of Pau and Cima
Di Fonte. The number of prisoners
nas inereaseu to iu. including iz oi-
finera Xlie fntiil onimml .f fanriireil '
-
e total amount of captured
finally brought in was four
triinu fiirtu.t hruo Yf H l i T i O
material ac
mountain guns, forty-three machine 1
guns ana seven iiamenwerier
THIRTY-NINE ON
CASUALTY LIST'S
(Hv Review Leased Wire)
WASH1XGTOX. June 17. Today's
army casualty list contained thirty-1
nine names, divided as follows: I
Killed in action, six; died of wounds.
two; died of airplane accident, on?: I
dit d cf disoas, four; wounded severely,
Iwenty-lour: wo'.ind d. degrc; ui'de
torii'iiieti. one; missing in action, one.
Private Wm. F. Goodwin, of Clovis,
X. M was killed in action.
Captain Albert S. Tucker, of I.-iredo,
Teaxs. and Private Jodie M Ferguson,
of Tlmpson. Tex, were severely
wounded.
Xo other man from Xew Mexico,
Texas, Arizona or Colorado was named
in the list.
v
.1
I - - -
L
STATEMENT SAYS
(Hv Review Leased Wire)
WASHIXGTOX. June 17. With vir
tually all reports today indicating that
the Austrian drive has been chocked,
officers here discussed the situation
withan increasing air of optimi.sm.
T .. . t 1 w... it i . . Imlinvuit ilia I
! r' 'd : . pV.
operations may have a decidej etlect
on the situation on the wesWrn front, j
!. fnnlim. th.t tf
OUR OWN OFFICIA
Austrian drive breaks down the Ital- , evp,"-
inns will launch a counter offensive on "On the battlefield southwest of Xo
a large scale. In the enemy officials yon the artillery activity increased in
.irt. ,ertr,in fleriiifinv would rush di- intensity in the evening. Between the
:..t . , - . , .. oI. .
t iMoua u i ii iniuwfl m ot. Mi...
cause oi inc fiieci m an ii-iiitiu -
cess would have upon the already tur-
hulent international situation in Aus
tria. Some officers are confident that th-?
lack of success for the Austrians now
disclosed already has resulted in a
shifting of the German forces on tho
western front in preparation to ru h
divtMons to the Italian front to prop
"P weak spots in case of counter
drive,
Some officers hold that the lull in
,iip Wpst ,av ,p d,.e m part at least,
. r!,..,,ui-ia fn it
r fnaaarv In nwnit flevelfftt'll ell t
Secretary Baker stated today that
no American fighting units are in that
region. American medical d"tach
ments have been in Italy for some time
and some American aviators have
been in training there. The war sec
retary recently stated, however, that
American troops are to be sent to the
Italian front but for military reasons
the plans for the expedition have not
been disclosed.
Asitle from patrol activity- in i
Picardy, Lorraine and the Vosges. i"
important developments at points held
i... a ....,.. i., ..
i ui lilt: niiii-i H .til ii iitiin ill r ittiirt itri
j rrportotl In tonight s communique from
j cuneral Pershing. In the Vosges. a
I. ... .. . . '
" , . . . .. . I
hostile raid
was
broken up by the
American forces.
CAVALRY GUARD FOR BORDER
IRv Review I.ensed Wire)
WASHIXGTOX. June 17 Six na
tional guard cavalry regiments now l e
sed in Texas will be inducted !
le federal service Immediately
heir organization, for service on
.th" Mexican border.
Maor General Carter, chief of tlio ,
nillllia bureau, disclosed this plan to-
day in discussing the national niard
program before the senate military,
committee.
In all. some S000 men have been
fnliste.l n the new national guard-
ntitl 24.000 more are wanted.
RECORD POTATO YIELD
SAIT LAKE. Mali. June 17.-What
is claimed to be the world's record
-production of marketable potatoes on
one Here. 4flT.:l pounds, or SL'5 bushels.
. has been made on an acre tract of
land near Kami!) In the southeastern
mm tion of I'tah. jimt a few miles from
' the Arizona sttito lino.
lM-rxiiiii nrnniii
Mfi urriuiAL i
STATEMENT SAYS!
i
(Vy Review leased Wire)
BEItLIX. Via London. June 17.
The official communication from gen
eral headquarters today says:
"Lively recommit cring activity led
to violent infantry engagcmcnt.5 at
many points on the froat.
Southwest
'
S""6 I V 1 1 iril.tr-! in tut:
n.,rf,n irartlp . ra,)tiire.l 120
- -
........ ...
I "The booty in guns captured by our
advance between Montdidier and Xe
yon has increased from 150 to more
than 300. including some of the high
est calibre. The booty in machi?ie
guns amounts to far more than a
thousand.
"Between the Mouse and the Micelle
we inflicted losses on the Amoi icns I rr-Kar, to the work which the commit
by an advance on both sides of Xivray ,(,e onpublic information has bee.i d-v
and destroyed parts of their positions. jnK? i i,avP had verv close personal j
Keoonnoitering detachments broiuht j connections w ith the work of that
back prisoners out of the French :.r..I committee and have watched its de- I
American trenches in the Vosccs and ! velomnent and its activities with nar I
In Sundgau.
"Fight enemy airplanes pmiI right
' ,,..' ' Z
......w. -- -'
yesterday."
AMSTERDAM. June 17. Empe'or
Charles is with his troops on tho Ital
ian front, according to a Vienna t'is
patch to the Xieuwe Rotterdnmschc
("outran t. Xo German troops ar par
ticipating in the offensive, the dis
patch adds.
HAYWOfin WAIMTFTI
1 vv yJKJLJ "
SABOTAGE POINTERS
l!y RtfvP w Leased Wire)
CHICAGO. June 17-W. I. Havwood.
general seretary of the I. W. . ex
pressed much interest in sabotage, ac
cording to some of his own letters
placid in evidence today by the gov
ernment in the trial of I. W. W. me:n-
nors on cnarges of conspiring to hamp-
or w ar work
In a letter to W. F. Lemon, o? Sal I
Lake City, under date of July 12. 1 fl 1 5, 1
Haywood, stating that he had been !
"assigned to w rite an article on 'sabo-
la lie'" and asking for pointers, asked. J
"What Is the best measure of applied I
sabotage' that vou have ever hoard
of correct name to he nseil in
this nrtlcle Whnt in i-r.nr imitiinn. I.
i... .i.;.... !, ...m ..i
UU I'r.'l ilium lnn mil iiih iiiihii niiii
brin safety first?"
T. W. Kooliane. n loc omotive fir"-1
man a'so gave H.tvwood Information '
In a letter written on stationery of th-
Chicago & Northwestern "railroa l ;
d;.teil -Simeriiitendenr office. S mthl
Pol; in. Ills.. Julv 10. I'll. 7"
Ket hane wrote of the ease w ith
which a tireman can damage a loon
motive, cause contusion in switching
cars and other means of causing loss
to the railroads
; President Points Out That
War Agencies Can Now Be
Taken Care cf Through
Specific Appropriations
t
r.v RvIpw Leased Wire)
WASHIXGTOX. June 17 The sun
dry civil bill, carrying $1.761.7l.no
for the shin hv.iiding program: $r.it.-
l.iin.Otii) for the president s emergency i ii!i.ng the greater p;m of the l':0 mile
I war fund and $1.25iijmm) for the conv ' ba-.tle irom fr :m the rciori sonth
' niittee'on public information, was pas- . eat of Trent to the Adriatic sea, but
j ed by the house late today without , t';rv hae turned aasrssoi-s on snnv
i a record vote. It now goes to the sf-n- of tlu-mor c important sectors, e-pe-;
ate. jci.illy ii. t') rrotr tain region-.
; The measure carries a total of $2.- j ..Counter attacks in the hill cotinm-
Plo.O'MM'OO of which more than $."2.- I In the north at several poinr.s have
i OOO.ooo was added by the house, in- I resulted in t!ie occupation by the allies
'eluding the funds for the president j of ground won from them in the inii ial
! and the information committee and 1 onslaught and the rectification of ttv-ir
Sl.ooo.ou0 for Missippi river flood con-: lines, while stiffening of the rront
I ttol. i alon2 'he Piave river hn made im-
' The appropriation tor the president ; pcssible further fording of the strt-ai.i
: and information committee were ap - ,f the enemy. Hard fighting still ls
! proved todav by the house committee j 'n progress, with the Austrian brinu
! and attached as amendments to the ins pressure against the allies on bw.t
i bill with both republicans and demo- i ,he northern and eastern parts of the
'crats supporting them. Before pass- ; bu,ll, ''P'1' In an endeavor to gain
I ig the bill, however, the house amend- , artess thp PIaI3
I ed it so that none of information com- ! Attacks Violent
! mittee appropriation fund can be used The strokes of the enemy are partio
' to pay salaries of men of draft age nlarly violent on the Montello plateau,
t unless they are physically disqualified : the highest bit of ground alung the
j for military service. j middle reaches of the Piave. the ,up-
! Other appropriations Include 17.500,- ; ture of which would Mve him -oni-I
000 for the food administration: $3 .-j wand of the roads leading tiirou--!
1500.000 for the fuel administration; j Trevi.-..) to Venice and a ."airw.y west
! $:5.5OO.00O for the war trade board: wan; through the province of r-eviso
I $2!soo.0OO for department of labor: $1.- I The lu.ians are infli tin3 heivy !t--os
1150,000 for the war industries board; Jrn the troops of Emperor Churl
Sf.00 000 for the alien nrooertv custo'I-
Jian: $400,000 for the council or na
l tional defense and $2o0.oo0 for the na-
ItJonal advisory committee for aero- i :
I nauncs.
One of the purposes to which a con-
I - -- 1 VI.. ....... ., r nRi.-Mjintilll f 1 1 II 1 1
i " ' :
has been devoted was the repa r of
enemy merchant shtps damaged I
th-ir crews before they were taken
over by the government. This work
now is completed. The president In a
communication to the committee point
ed out that war agencies which at the
outset was supported by the emerg
ency fund now could be taken car.
cf through specific appropriations in
the regular army.
i "There remains the uses for such :i
) fund which I may perhaps chraracter-
.- .r.. ..; l.... l..l...,l.,l.l.. " hn
lr US tUll 1 III U'l UK nil L lutait uinuKi
... --f.u ,
necessary investigations, for example,
in connection with the determination .
of the prices which the government
to pay and which the government s as-
j sociated with us in the war are pay
to indespcnsible secret service
confidential uses abroad in to tne verv than 4-)rtft Austrians. whil the Austrian
large necessities of record ami infor- war OM j,.P asserts that 12 o,io prisoner :
mation: to the maintenance of the .:i-,have been taken bv the Austrians.
strumentalities. both on this side or ! Although the fighting lias died down
the water anil on the other. considerably in the nionn'ain reciTn.
"Besides these . things which ran i jt is expected soon again to be re
row be stated, the experience of th" sumed with increased violence.
past year convinced me that there a'.'1
many occasions v. hit h will arise
which I cannot now even conjecture,
but which will make it necessary that
I should have a free fund at my (lis- J
posal.
"May I not take the liberty of say-j
ing a word of special emchasis with i
i titular care anil interest feeling a spe- '
i . """"""": ., ' ? ' . V
utiiiiiui irr, iih uu i ue w in i it nrt-ii .in-
jmirably done and 1 think it very like
! ly that nobody, even those intimately
'connected with the goveinmen:. Is
aware of the extent, the variety and
(Continued on Faxe Two)
Entire Busch Estate Is Siezed by
The United States Government
fRy Review l.t-as-'il Wi!V
WASHIXGTOX, June 17 The en
tire estate In this country cf Mrs. Lill;
Busch. widow, of Atlolphus Busch, late
millionaire brewer of St. Louis. Mo.
has been taken over by the govern
ment, under the alien property law.
These facts became known tmliy in
connection with the return to America
of -Mrs. Busch. who has been liin;
, (jPrnianv for several vears since!
the tleath of her husband . The govern-1 that her four children m this country
ment has not yet appraised the prop-i had indicated the loyalty of the family
erty. stocks anil bonds and real estate I by making large contributions to the
in Xew York, but Iti s generally be- American Red Cross and heavy siib
lieved to he worth many millions. ! sorptions to the Liberty loan.
Mr. Palmer, alien property custo
dian, said the seizure was made some
Company of St
Uuiis has been oper-
at ins the property for the government.
I'nder the law. which permits th."
government to seize the properly in
this c ountry of any person resident In
Germany, title to the entire esla'c hai
reverted to the government.
Mrs. I'usch. w Mo is , 4 years old. was
I.
n Havana over Sunday on her wav to
the I'nited States from Germany
through Sw iterland and Spain. She
Is accompanied by her attorney. Harrv
M. Ilawes. who went to Switzerland
'to confer with her several months aeo. i
Italians Are Making Counter
Attacks and Have Captured
Important Passes ;
Austrians Back
Force
fly Rvi-w I.asel Wire)
Xot alone are the Italians and thfir
Priiish, and Kren h comm i-1 in ar;!is
lidding in check the Austrian off-n-ive
" ns-u ner ai nus poim
To the south from St Andrea to
Fos.-rl'ata. rer.pectiveiy tlie northern
nml southern flanks of the famous
Zenson loop where last vear the u-
! trians effected a crossing of the Piave.
bnly later to be driven b;ick with
-antfuinarv losses, and from Fossal:.t.i
. ; (hp fl t aso
,H of a v ioUnt natlIrp wi(h
i hercic allv and successfully, according
; to the Rom" war office, holding th
llae of the river.
1 Were Driven Back
! Hetween Candeln and the Zenson
loop wheer the Austrian crossed the
( Piave in Saturday's fighting the
; Italians have driven t'lem back to the
i rive r bank and are endeavoring to
push them across the stream. The
I latest Austrian communication reconl
i . . . , ,
I,he regain of additional ground
we-
of the viUaee of Capo Sil on th east-
prn oil n rf t ho 1 npnnn rpoinn in ti-
j provmre of Vfinit:, at,d cbout ,WPn,v
f , , .. f .. . , -
Thus far the Italians, llniisti and
ro.ips have mad- prisoner oi
No Big Battles
There still has been no return to
the heavy fighting of last week on the
battle fronts in France, although sev
eral eosaeements of rreater import
than usual milling opcraims have
taken place. Counter at'acks against
the French in their newlv won posi
tion between the Oise and the Aisne
delivered bv the Germans Monday
were repulsed. The French captured
:!70 prisoners snd twenty-five machine
guns in the lighting.
Xcr'hwest c Chateau Thiery, espe
cially in The IVlleau Wood, the Cur-
' """ ar"r''."ls lu" " ' "
larce waves oi cas ami snens. i iieir
efforts hae gone unrewarded, hi-w-ever.
so fnr as breaking the line is con
cerned. American patrols east of Cha
teau Thierry again have crossed tlie
Continued on Page Two)
It is understood that Mrs. 1 usfh plans
an effort to regain her estate.
It is understood that Mrs. Busch will
insist that she is a loyal citizen of the
I'niird States who did not forfeit her
citizenship bj reason of her residence
in Germany since her husband's death.
Mr. Hawes, her attorney, in a re
cent statement, denied that Mrs.
Busch had contributed a large sum to
the German hospital service and said
ST. I.Ol'IS. June 17. Inquiry was
made by tile I nited States ofifcers
here last fr.ll into the status of Mrs.
Bust Vs citizenship, tl was found that
I . ... , . . .
she was born in this country and that
her husband, the late Adolphus Busch,
was a naturalized American.
Two of Mrs. Busch's daughters are
wies of German subjects and she
stayed with them while in Germany.
Other members of t'.ie family are
American citizens.
Mrs. Busch and the two daughters
residing In Germany were each left
an eighth of the estate, valued at $20,.
OOO.OO". THE BISBE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 18, 1918.
mm is
THESE XEW OFFICERS ARE HEADY TO TACKLE KAISER:
1 GRADUATES OF AXXAVOLJS READY FOR SERVICE
AWFUL DEATH OF
PERFECTED FOR
Attention Stockholders
TWO
ORGA!
SUBMAR E
CREW
WJ
R STAMP DRIVE
Chairmen Are Selected for
Different Sections of the
District and Further Plans
Will Be Made Today
At a meeting of prominent "itizens
i f the Warren district in the Commer
cial club rooms yesterday atternoon
the thrift stamp sale campaign was
organized and set in n otion. Pick
Kyan. acting as ats'stau' director for
th-; county in the absence of John
ija:nes, prcs-oVd nt "he i:;e:m?. and
Thos. A. Eagan acted as secretary.
Ccniruittee chairmen were named for
the drive and plans laid to fine tooth
comb the district.
Cochise county has her work yet be
fore her in this matter of thrift stamp
obligations. She has gone over the
top and forward to the skyline in her
previous drives, but she lags in this
one. Her quota for the year is ll.Ortl.
000, and up to the first of June she
had onlv sold stamps to the amount
of $148,000.
Mr. Ryan reported that the drive
had started with a rush last week in
Douglas, resulting in the sale of
stamps in the total sum of $100,000.
The Warren district must gather a
full head of steam. It is planned to
have $500 dollar clubs and $1,0H0 limit
clubs and also $1"0 clubs for the boys
and girls.
Tombstone will be organized Wed
nesday for the drive.
The Bisbee organization by mercan
tile establishments is under way. The
Phelps Dodge store has already been
organized and the Fair store will or
ganize todav.
AH the chairmen named at the meet
ing yesterday are requested to meet
at the Commercial club rooms at 4
r.'clor k today to perfect plans for the
drive. The chairmen are as follows:
Director. Warren district, F. E.
Coles.
Retail stores' chairman, LeRoy
Uovee.
Fcur-minute men J. Mason Ross,
chairman.
Phelps Dodge corporation W. W.
Gidlev, chairman.
Calumet & Arizona Thomas Con
perthwaite, chairman.
Shattuck Joe Walker, chairman.
Bisbee Mrs. Sam Kyle, chairman.
Lowell Mrs. George Bridge, Mis. C.
S. Thompson, chairmen.
Warren Mrs. Fred JulifT. chairman.
Sales and entertainment Roberta
Sinclair, chairman.
Teachers' organization C. F. Phil
brook, chairman.
GERMANS USE MUSTARD
GAS; ATTACK FAILS
(Cantinuod fiom rage One)
some cases actually procuring the con
tracts and receiving their fees.
It was officially announced that
these men were detected in their nego
tiations with B. A. Bitten, president of
the Quaker City Raincoat company,
Philadelphia, who worked with gov
ernment agents in gathering evidence
aeainst them. They were arrested in
Washington recently and are at lib
ertv under bond.
WAS TORPEDOED
U:v Review Leased Wire)
lONDON. Jime 17. The Hritinh
armed mercantile cruiser Patia, was
torpedoed and sunk by a. German sub
maiine on June 13, according to an
announcement made by the British
admiralty tonight. One officer and
fifteen men are presumed to have been
drowned.
The true, patriot doesn't sit on his
front porch of evenings and deplore
the loss of food ships in U-boat raids,
lie gets out in his war garden and
makes good that loss of food.
iHwki fi i5 lief - :i,'XK?M
1 !
...
Scene at graduation of Annapolis class.
kiNB
ears
oard
These new officers have been graduated from Annapolis after complins their four year's course in three
s to get at the Germans quicker. After a few r'ays' leave of absence these men will take their jiiucej on
1 U. S. battleships as ensigns. Navy Secretary Daniels cave them their hplomas.
ALLIED ARMIES
HOLDING FIRM
EVERYWHERE
(Continued from Page One)
Marne, attacked the Germans and re
turned to their base.
In Persia the Turks are reported to
have captured the city of Tabriz.
HjUs I
And develops great
power and mileage
because of its full,
uniform chain of
boiling points. Look '
for the Red Crown
sign b.fore you fill.
STANDARD OIL
COMPANY
(CalttornU)
sum
SfC
PRESIDENT URGES
GOVERNMENT
GtXEVA. June 17. Reports re
ceived here from Buchs and also from
several points along the Swiss-Tyrolea
lr.:ntier indicate that the A'istrians are
aided by some contingents of Ger
mans and that the Austrians continue
to put considerable forces toward
Italv. It is said trains from Innsbruck,
botzen and Trent are crowded with
troops going southward and that the'i
ordinary traftic on the railroads lias
been suspended.
The new Austro-German headquar
ters, the reports add, is established
just behind the Sette Comuni region.
Following the example of the Germans j
with the Alatians and Lorrainians, the:
Austrians ar e plating Slav-Irridentist
regiments in the first and most danger-j
(.us lines, with Tyroleze troops behind I
them in order to protect them. j
LABOR
AGENCY
SUNDRY CIVIL BILL
PASSES HOUSE; ON
RECORD VOTE
tContinued from Page One)
MAR
NES L
DOS
E
GREAT
nun
I
IV
111
IIUI
BER
Ilv Review Leaser! Wir:-)
WASHINGTON'. June 17. Total cas
ual' ies among the American marines
o-e sees from ihc date of theii !Mid
;p to ihsI june 9. mil ii.fr 717. accord
ing to s sumn.ary issued tonight by
Major General Harnett, murine corps
commandant. This includes VH' killed
in action, fifty-eight who died oi
wounds, 5:;3 wounded in action and one
missing and one held prisoner in Ger
many. The summit: y includes all the as
naln'cs heretofore announced as well
as those given in a list received today,
hut which has not yet been made
prhlic.
Since the summary- iiu-ludes the
casualties of June 9, it evidently takes
into account those among the marines
durintr the first few days fighting
around Chateau Thierry. No unusuai
;v large number of casualties has been
reported since that lighting, however.
The marines first went into the bat
tle near the Matm? early this: ni'int!:
and on June 6 they carried out an im
portant counter offensive against the
Germans, taking 10') prisoners. They
have continued this forward movement
and heavy fighting resulted, but most
of it had ended before June 9th. Since
that time, however, they have beaten
off several German counter attacks
and at last reports had used up some
three divisions of flicked German
troops.
DESERTERS CAPTURED
r.v tt vi w I.i-iisiMj Wire)
WATERTOW'X. X. Y., June IT.
Fifteen of the :itu Canadian holders
who deserted from a training tump at
Brookville Saturday nighl, a:o held i'l
the county jail h re. Th: men were
arrested yesterday in lledwood, war
here. Alieged ill tnal i.i.'ii: is ;;hcn
as tile reason for the soid'e:-! le iin
camp without permissun.
MINNESOTA PRIMARY RETURNS
(Kv I'.vi'w loused Wire)
i-T. 1'Al'U .Minn.. June is. Plimary
'; 'i n r 'Minis in in about one -lourtii
of Minnesota's precincts, tabulated
caiK today, gave lor the rep:iblie:ui
utiti; dates ior gr.vei-ner: Burturiist.
;j .It.", 1 ; l.lndeberuh. "4.4L'::. Kcturns
were received 1 1 :n 71:; precincts in
.-ixty-nine of the cighly-six counties.
ASemsibleTadle
BEVERAGE
For War -Time
POSTUN
fsJo boilin"
tacn cup strong
id
(Uy Review Leased Wire)
WASH1NGTOX. June 17. Employ
ers engaged in war work are urged in
a statement by President Wilson to
night to refrain after August 1 from
recruiting unskilled labor in any man
lier except through the United States
employment service recently organ
ized by the department of labor.
The labor forces were called upon
by the pesident "to respond loyally
as heretofore to any calls issued by
this agency for voluntary enlistment
in essential industries."
"For more than a year," said the
president 'statement' it has been our
pride that not our armies and navies
only but our whole people is engaged
in righteous war. We have said re
peatedly that industry plays an es
sential and honorable role i nthis great
struggle as do our military arma
ments. We all recognize the tnnh cf
this tut we must also set its neces
sary application namely, that indus
try doing a vital task for the nation,
must receive the support and assist
ance of the nation. We must recognize
that it is a national demand almost a
right of any one serving his country,
whether employer or employe, to know
that his service is being used in the
most effective manner possible. In the
case of labor this whole-some desire
has been not a tittle thwarted owing
to the changed conditions which war
has created in the labor market.
There has been much confusion as
to essential products. There has been
ignoiance of conditions men have
gone hundreds of miles in search of
a job and wages which they might
have found at their doors. Kmeploy
ers holding government contracts of
the highest importance have competed
for workers with holders of similar
contracts and even with the govern
ment itself and have conducted ex
pensive campaigns for recruiting labor
in sections where the supply of labor
vas already exhausted. California
draws its unski'lcd labor from as far
east as Buffalo and New York, from
as far west as the Mississippi. Thus
labor has been induced to move fruit
lessly from one place to another, con
gesting the railways und losing both
time and money.
"Such a conditio li is unfair alike to
MiiployiT and employe, but most of all
to the nation itself whose existence 1
threatened by any decrease in Its pro
ductive hour. It is obvious that this
sitiMtion can bo clarified and equal
ie( ,y a central agency the I'nite,)
Stales etnpUnment service of the de
partment of labor, with the counsel
of the war labor policies board as the
voice of all the industrial agencies ot
the government. Such a central agency
must have sole direction "f all recruit
ing of civilian workers in war work;
and, in taking over this great respons
ibility must at the same time have
l ower to assure to essential iii'lustrs
in. adequate supply of labor, even t i
from lion i sseiitial production. It must
also protect labor from insincere and
tlioMghlless appeals made lo it under
the ple-i of patriotism and assure It
thai when it is asked to 'oluntcer ir.
seme priority industry, ih
real.
"Therefore I. Woodraw Wilson,
president of the Cl'iter) States. Kiilemn
!y un'e all employers engaged in war
woik to retrain af"T August 1. KH'!.
from recreating unskilled labor in any
manner exceed t!.rotu-h this centt.il
r.gcncy. I urg" labor to rerpond as
h yally as herct'ijere to any call issued
by this agency for voluntary enlist
ment in esenti.(l industry. .n I I n-K
them bith alike to remember that tin
sacrifice will have been in vain if we
are able to prove beyond all question
that the hiuhest and best form of ef
ficiency is the spontaneous co-operation
of a free ieople."
the usefulness of that work or of the
really unusually economical manner in
which it has been accomplished, so
far as the expenditures of money is
concerned. I should feel personally
crippled if any obstacle of any kind
was put in the way of that work.
"It is probable that it will now be
rossible to a considerable extent to
submit estimates of the usual sort tc
take care of the work of the commit
tee and I hope that in connection wita
these estimates at least some of the
members of the committee on appro
priations may have an opportunity to
know more what It has been doing."
FEVER CARRIED
BY BODY LICE
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON', June 17. Through
tests conducted upon uixty-six volun
teers from American hospital and
ambulance organizations in France,
medical authoriliiu have been able to
determine that trench fever, one ot the
j most baffling diseases affecting troop?
on tne western tront, is spread uy
germs carried by body lice.
The volunteers contracting the dis
ease lost from twenty to twenty-five
pounds in weight While they wf.re
ill the Germans bombed the hospital
in which they were being treated but
they were not injured.
j The report of General rershiug,
j made public tonight, concludes by say
! ng:
"It Is believed by the army medical
! corps that the sacrifice of this group
I of sixty-six men will In time lead to
tne protection of thousands of men
from the ravages ot trench fever."
CONFERENCE OPENS
(lly Ilevi'-w Leased Wiie)
EL, PASO, Tex.. June 17. The state
coiiiLrente of the Brick Layers, Mas
ons and Plasterers International union
opened here today for the third bien
nial and fifteenth annual convention
I telega Ies are there from every city il
Texas having a local union.
INDIAN MURDERER CAPTURED
(I!y iteview Leased Wire)
GLOP.E. Ariz., June 17 Natcho Kay,
C. A. Indian wanted for murf'.er of
two squaws near Kock House la.it
week, was captured by Indian police
at Fort Apache, 1"') miles east of here
Ibis morning. County officers lelt
here tonight to bring the prisoner to
Globe
No details regarding the capture
have been received.
LONDON, June 17. Details of the
destruction of one of the largest sub
marines are given in a dispate'.i from
a neutral correspondent. This sub
marine was one of the last to leave
Zeehrugge before the entrance to the
harbcr was blocked by British forces.
The I'-beat struck a mine and out
of the crew of forty only two survived
on reaching the surface of the water
after a struggle with death for an hour
and a half, twenty fathoms below the
surface. Some of the rew commit
ted suicide having lost all hone of
leaving t!:e beat alive.
The only chance cf escape being to
force open the conning tower and the
forward hatches and trust to the com
pression of air in one part of the
vessel to force the men to the .surface
The air pressure in the submarine
had become so high most of the crew
could not keep their mouths closed.
The compressed air shot tJiem to
the surface and hardly had they
reached the sea level when the air
pressure burst their lungs, and about
twenty of them sank like stones. The
survivors described the yells of the
men, when the end came as the most
horrible noise they had ever heard.
The attention of a 1 ritish trawler was
attracked and it hastened to the res
Cue. The condition of the survivors
showed that their experiences in the
submarine had been cf a dreadful char
POLITICAL TURN EXPECTED
(By Review Leased Wire)
AMSTERDAM, June 17 The ex
pected turn in the Austrian political
situation by ministerial action appar
ently now hangs on a plenary meetiiife
of the Polish party, announced for
June '21, to- reconsider the Craco-v
resolutions were were a virtual appeal
for the independence of Poland ant! its
separation from Austria and the Haps
burg dynasty.
Some German elements hope that
ihe meeting on June 21 will build a
bridge for an agreement. If this oc
curs a sc miner convocation of the Aus
trian parliament is within the range of
probability.
SENTENCED TO DEATH
OF THE
Jerome-Portland Mining
Company
On Wednesday, June 19, 1918, at 7:30
P. M., at the Royal Theater, Bisbee, there
will be a SPECIAL MEETING of all Stock
holders of the Jerome Portland Copper Min
ing conqpany in this district for the purpose
of making arrangements for the salvation
of the property. Al! parties holding stock
or are interested are requested to attend. The
meeting is cf a VERY IMPORTANT nature.
MRS? M. MARKS, Resident Director.
FRANK H. DYER, Receiver.
Mr. Frank H. Dyer, receiver for the
company, is still maintaining head
quarters at the office of Hogan &
Seed where he will be pleased to
meet every stockholder of the com
pany and explain final arrange
ments for the court settlement.
The Jerome-Portland Mining Company
I!v Review Leased Wire)
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. June 17. Til
death sentence was passed on I!en C.
Caughran, leader of the Working CJass
union in this state, bv a jury in circuit
court at Mena, Ark., today. After the
staic had presented evidence to con
nect Caughran with the killing Deputy
Sheriff Charles Kirklund, who Ion h's
lire whili lead'r.g a posse in search
of alleged draft evaders on April 15,
Caughran's attorney withdrew the or
iginal ihn of not guilty and entered
a plea ofguilty. The jury w as allowed
to decide Caugliran's punishment.
3LADDER
24 Hours:
E-:h Cup- s N ,
ul bears tho (MIDY1
Bettor of counterfeit
CHICHESTER S PILLS
Wy TUB WAHOSD BRAND. A
Ldlfl AK your I'ruciMM tnr .
hl-rhra-trr Ulmnd KrmadV
I'd la to Kra J Void uicuUuW
horn, told villi Ulua Rit.!n. I
Take no lfcr. Rny of THr "
Drarrl.t- Ail for Cll 1-CIIKK.TF.Rfl
Advantages accrue lo your financial in
terests by having good banking connec
tions. Have you a checking account have
you one here"1
We welcome new Checking Accounts
small or large.
SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES FOR RENT
lararlnL
DIAMOND KKAM Fl Ll-M, fnr
-reus known as Best, Safest, Aiwa n KeluiMa
SOlDBYMUGGrSISEVERYVVHLRE i
THE DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS BRING RESULTS
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 1S6. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street, Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
las Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to Yow
Range Boiler
ARE RE-ORGANIZING
J. J. 3A F K S
Special Agent
op mild as desire
rsjo WA3T
LON'nON. June IT The Austrians
a're re-organi'ing tl'eir effectiveness
nlics tlie p'Kh line of the Italian
fr't at'' r their b-fe.it. " tie.
!. t.) ,n i ;'";,! ' M i- -n-.)
.- L- . f fti the i;:i- ..; tj.f Hn!
lsli i'h the Italians.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack DUlg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Cj!I at oi:r ftore and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
li j
li !'
H j j
I
lisbee Improvement Co.
I
Arizona
i THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW. TUESDAY MORNING. JUNE IS, 131S.
THREE
SUPREME
CO
date of payment. The stamps are free
from all state and local taxes; when
registered at the postoffic? they are
Insured against loss.
The government of the United Stats
expects all citizens of every school dis
trict and county to subscribe for a cer
tain quotij and to pledge themse'vri to
! save and economize to help win the
IRT
RENDERS NUMBER
fit FtM V III!! V I war" ,n rural communities snd the
III Mil D Bil 1 sma" towns and cities, meetings will
UI 1LvlUlUl lU I be held in school houses at 2 p. n.
Russell - Case From Cochise
County Is Reversed and
Bondsmen Must Now Pay
Amount of Bond.
School officers will conduct the met-
' hips in each school house, keeping a
public record of the proceedings and
reporting the names of nil persnis
present and t'ie amount of war savings
staniDs si 'scribed for by them. .-
It is un to each citizen of this state
to see that his liame is on tl;e right
l;st the wrong one will show : .yellow."
Eight opinions were handed down In
the Arizona supreme court on Satur
day, two of which were from Cochise j
county. In four cases the judgment of
the lower court was affirmed, two were .
reversed, one was vacated with an or-,
der for a new trial and one was dis
missed as frivolo-B. They are as fol
lows :
of 4r'?onq nnnellant, vs. J D.
Merck and L. D. McCartney, appelles.
appealed from this county. Reversed
with instructions. This case concerns
the recovery on bail bond in the case
of H. B. Russell charged with selling
Intoxicating liquors. The surities won
in the superior court here but lost in
the supreme court. Russell was arrest
ed in Douglas and was tried In the
sunerlor court. He was convicted and
went out of the court room after the
verdict had been rendered and left for
nans v.nknown. The bondsmen refused
to pav the amount of the bond claim
ing that they were released when he
was convicted and that it should have
been the duty of the court to have or
dered him committed at that time.
Thev will not now pay the amount cf
the bond and costs.
D. J. Genardini. S. L. Butler, P.
Mareosin and Francisco Gallego, aT
pelrants, vs. Mose Klein, appellee, ap
rcl from Cochise county, affirmed.
Germania Fire Insurance comnanv.
appellant, vs.' Barbara Tanton Bally
pnpelice. acpeal from superior court or
Maricopa county. Judgment affirmed.
This case concerned recovery on a fire
insurance policy after the property had
been conveyed several tiines. a mort
gage clause further complicating mat
ters. The insurance company losing in
tfre lower court, appealed to the high
court.
William A. Moore, appellant, vs.
William A. Moody, appellee, appeal
from Graham county, affirmed. This
action concerned title to a portion of
unsurveyed land in Graham county.
Pedro Durango, appellant, vs. Al
fredo Durazo, sr., appeal from Pima
county, judgment affirmed. '
Robert E. Morrison, executor of the
last will and testament of Ygnacia de
Brazil, deceased, and Andreas Ochoa.
appellants, vs. Manual Castillo. Carlot
ta Castillo and Jose Castillo, appellees,
appeal from Yavapai county, judgment
vacated and cause remanded for new
trial.
This was a will contest, heirs ol
Ygnacia de Brazil claiming that she
was not competent, by reason of ill
ness, to make a proper will and that
she was coerced.ln thus making a will
The jury in the lower court decided
that the woman was not competent to
make a will and that she had been co
erced. The higher court orders this
judgment vacated and tire cajie re
manded for a new trial.
Ida Felbert, appellant, vs. Ed Thorne
and Joe Ausenhause, 'appellees, appeal
rrom Mohave county, reversed.
Head Hotel company, and
Head, appellants, vs. Margaret E.
son, executrix of the estate of
w nson, deceased, appellee, appeal
from Yavapai county, appeal dismissed
as frivolous.
BUSINESS MEN!
PASS RESOLUTIONS
t 9 T"eet'n" h"d vesterdav after
noon of the Business Men's Protective
'eaeue the following resolutions were
adopted-;
Whereas, the rood administration
has requested that all provision deal
ers reduce expenses of doing businass
such as soliciting frequent delivery
hprever practicable, etc., and
Whereas, the covert nient has de--rr.pr'fd
that aU men of dr.ft age must
"nTPo in work in direct aid of the
government of the war;
Therefore be it resolved that the
Warren District Business Men's Pro
tective association request the busi--P's
no'ises of the district to reduce
Mi sf-HrjMie pri,i ('elWery to a min
imum and as that all housekeepers
live up to tht reouest of the eovrn
m,ent and carrv home their purchases
wherever possible in order to release
the men engaged in this work for gov
ernment service.
ALL CARD GAMES
STOPPED IN CITY
The local authorities have put the
lid down tight on all card games. With
the ruling and order "rim tha sheriff's
office to stop panguingue and all
cames where they were being played
for money, the city authorities in or
der to prevent any gambling has put
a stop to all cards in any of the pool
halls or ether public places, including
the club rooms.
As a result of the closing of these
nlcfs two nrrests were made Sunday
night by the pclice officers. Tcny
Blanco was arrested on a charge of
allowing a gambling game in his pool
hall in Brewery Gulch and was taken
'cfo-e Judge Hcean. He stated that
he did not understand that solo had
been put on the ban as a gambling
"ane nrd was reelased on a suspended
sentence of forty das and a fine of $50.
Robert Cochran was also arrested and
put under a similar sentence.
Some of those who have been play
ing in this city state that they ran pn
to I owell and play but they will find
that the officers there are also gsin to
put a stop to any sort of gambling.
The orders have been issued from both
the county attorney's office and the
sheriff's office that any sort o" a gmib
ir" with cards has to stop. Arrest1?
will continue to be made by all officers
all over the county. It does not alon?
apply to the Warren district but all
ever the county and state.
JUNE 28 TO BE SHOW
DOWN DAY FOR W. S. S.
TESTIMONY SIMS
IN O'LEARY CASE
Every patriotic citizen in the United
States has his eyes torned to Jun-: 2S
o nthe calendar. It is the day when he
will make his war savings pledge to
loan to Uncle Sam a certain amount of
money for him to use to run the gov
f rnment. this amount to be paid in bo
fore December 31. 1P1S.
Everyone Tvho pledges his money to !
Rv Review I.easert Wire)
XFV. YOP.K. June 17. Taking of
testimony began in the federal court
'oday in the. trial of John J. O'Leary,
rr ''arcs of conspiracy to obstruct
''stice ; r aiding the flight of his
brother. Jeremiah A. O'Leary. Sinn
Tin '"rider on tv.e eve of his trial last
month on charges of publishing anti
':isf riptir n articles.
Go e-pmet Mrp?e! ennqht. at the
outset to establish a connection be-
Lncle bam is going to take an interest j tween Jeremiah O'Leary's flight and
in whether or not his next door neigh-j the spy and treason cas"s in which
bor does the same. And if he does not. he was subsequently indicted wit'i fou
be will mike it his business to ask Americans and two Germans i-c'"d-
Mr. Neighbor "why not?" . lng Carl Roriiger. German navv ofii t.
The campaign for war stamp pledges
will got be a long one, but it w;ll be a
Btrenuo' one and at its end Uncle
Sam' will know just who are the pa
triotic citizens of his country and who
The name of Madame He Victorica.
the German woman indicted as a soy.
entered the proceedings when Herbert
F. Rosenbush, an apprecentice seaman
in the United States Tiavy and formerly
are not. He Is interested as is ail of l rmP!o'ed in Jeremiah 0'Ieary's office
Washington, and the entire country. In
knowing who he can depend upon in
times of stress, like the recent. And.
if he cannot depend on all whoen1oy
the blessed privileges of his land he
wants to know what is wrong with him
that they do not uphold him and his
government
Theday June 2Sth is a show down.
War savings stamps, which are
United States government bonds, the
same as Liberty bonds, can be naid
for during any month in the year 13 8,
but it is intended that they wiil be
signed for on June 2S. The price of
each war saving stamp depend upon
the month during which It is bought.
During June each rtamp will cost
$4.17: in July it will cost $4.18. and
so on, one more each month during
1918. On January 1. 102.1. Uncle Sam
will redeem every war savings stamp
for $5 regardless of the month during
which it was bought.
The law provides that no person can
hold fn his own name war savings
stamps exceeding $1000
testified that last fall she was called
by his employer and told to bring "the
papers in the South American divorce
cases." to the office of Bull Publish
ing company. O'Leary was then editor
of the magazine Hull.
Rosenbush said it was his impres
sion that O'Leary was representing
Madame De Victorica in a divorce
proceeding, but that the document he
was directed t- deliver did not have
the appearance of a "regular court
petition."
Prcsecttor Barnes brought out the
fact that this conversation about the
"divorce papers" occurred about tho
tine the government made it known
O'Leary bad been active in Sinn Fein
propaganda.
Two girls, about 17 years of age,
were arrested on fie streets early
Saturday morning in Phoenix and were
taken to the police station. They
gave their names as being Thelma
Lackey and Nina Harwood and their
heme is lit D:uglas. When searched
maturity at the station, no money was found
value. The war savings stamps, hew- ! on them, and they are being 'held for
ever, may be purchased for other mem- j investigation.
bers of the family, including minor
children. If. because of some serious
financial reverses, or calamity, it
should be necessary to get all cr part
of the money before January 1, l!i23.
one may do so by giving 10 days' no
tice to any money order postmaster, in
Nineteen names were added to the
Advertisement
Advc
Advertisement
Mr. Hearst Answers Colonel Roosevelt;
Suggests Joint Debate at Proper Time
M-r.
ROOSEVELT has sent to the Senate ten thou
sand words of denunciation of the President
of the United States, of Secretary Baker, of
Postmaster General Burleson, and of the Hearst news
papers. He has caused this diatribe to be printed in the
Congressional Record and distributed broadcast among
our people at the very moment when the war is reach
ing its most arduous and rjost critical stage.
. I very sincerely believe that Mr. Roosevelt is mak
ing a grave mistake in endeavoring to . distract our
leaders, disturb the machinery of our Government, and
of our military operations, and spread doubt and dis
trust and dissension among our people at this serious
time. This is th-' tinv above all times for the sacrifice
of our personal asprlitions and antagonisms.
' It is the time ior the exercise of our utmost com
bined endeavor, for the exertion of our most vigorous,
united action.
' "It is not a time for discussion and dissension and
detraction.
' h f- All loyal Americans, individuals and institutions
should join together, regardless of personal or political
prejudices, and wori harmoniously to help our Presi
dent and our people to win the war.
- ,i .This-the Hearst publications have earnestly and
consistently endeavored to do.
!-' From the very first day of the war the Hearst
newspapers have believed that victory would be won
by the ;united eftr.tt and energy of all our people, and
not by the bickering and fault-finding, of a few of our
people.
!, Ther day before war was declared ' the Hearst
papers said that the MANAGEMENT of the war should
be confided to the Executive; that while deliberation
and . many "counsellors were good in peace, undivided
authority and responsibility were necessary in war.
" 'The day after war was declared the Hearst papers
urged "an army of a million men," "the largest increase
that could possibly be made in the navy," and "in
numerable aeroplanes and seaplanes."
' The leaders of bofa parties in Congress opposed
maversal . service, or "ray form of "selective conscrip
tion." But the Hearst papers circulated petitions from
the Atlantic to the Pacific, and collected more than
2,000,000 eignatures asking Congress to pass the
Selective Conscription Act.
"Only by using the full strength of the nation,
AND EVERY MAN'S STRENGTH WHERE IT IS
MOST NEEDED, can the fall power of the nation be ex
erted," was the definite verbatim expression of this pe
tition. I myself went personally to Washington to urge
my former associates in Congress to vote 'or selective
conscription, and on April 27 published a four-column
signed article in the Washington Post advocating it.
After the fight for the selective draft was won,
the Hearst papers called for the conquest of the air.
More than twenty editorials, soi-te of thetn full pages,
- " urged the appropriation of the $640,000,000 for aero
planes and aviators, which was finally secured.
Another urgent need was merchant ships. FOR
TWO YEARS BEFORE THE WAR the Heart papers
fought with vigor and persistency for a Government
built merchant marine. But the bill providing for it
wa3 killed by a filibuster, in which Senators Penrose
and Oliver, Elihu Root and Henry Cabot Lodge of
Massachusetts all friends of Mr. Roosevelt's joined.
But for this filibuster, we might have had at least
s ear ago the ships required to defeat the submarine.
The selective draft, ships and aeroplanes having
b??n provided, the Hearst newspapers next petitioned
Congress "for temperance during the war ;" to stop-.the
ve of foodstuffs for making whisky. This legislation
was accomplished in sixty days, but the Hearst papers
had teen making a sustained fight against whisky for
five years.
To aid the First Liberty Loan, 914 columns of
news, editorials and cartoons were published in the
Hearst papers alone.
Many thousands of posters on the Liberty Loan,
draivn by Hearst cartoonists, were posted in all the
ieat cities of the country. One of them, published
May 24, 1917, was so effective that R. W. Woolley, di
rector of publicity of the Treasury Department, Wash
ington, requested copies for every Federal Reserve
Bank in the United States 7700 in number and they
were furnished free.
"Y our work deserved unmeasured commendation,"
rote the Government's Director of Publicity.
To aid recruiting to the navy, the marines and the
volunteer army, the Hearst newspapers created and
nanned recruiting stations in the principal cities of the
In New Yoxk City MORE, THAN HALF of the en
Js&aawnt-s wsremade at New; York American stations.
Advertisement
.idvcrtisi n:c!it
Secretary of the Navy Daniels sent, unsolicited, a
dispatch saying:
Your co-operation in bringing the job and the
man together has rendered the navy opportune and
important assistance.
Food control, the next great issue on the war pro
gram, divided the country and Congress.
The Hearst papers, and I, personally, urged ONE
MAN CONTROL, instead of a commission of three.
On July 24, 1917, in a signed statement in my news
papers, I said:
The President desires one man instead of a
commission of three to exercise the power of food
control conferred by the food bill. The President is
right
The clause which requires the appointment of a.
commission of three instead of a single individual to
control promptly and effectively the food supplies
for our country and our Allies is a mistake and
should tt stricken from the bill.
Indhldual authority and lesponsibility make
for alacrity and efficiency in public service.
After two months, Congress passed the bill putting
Mr. Hoover in sole control of food.
The President's war message, later his reply to the
Pope and recent Memorial Day proclamation were
greeted by the Hearst papers as "historic documents
that should be preserved."
They were published in colors on calendared paper
and more than 100,000 copies of each were distributed
free.
The Government departments, Department of Edu
cation, New York Public Library and the Y. M. C. A.
asked for more than 10,000 copies of these art reprints
for their various branches, and these, like all the others,
were furnished free.
Marshal Joffre's visit to the United States was com
memorated in a handsome volume, bound in vellum and
mounted in gold and enamel, containing the photo
graphs, speeches and descriptive accounts of his visit,
and souvenirs of many cities.
This volume, officially accepted by the French Com
mission, was presented to Field Marshal Joffre in the
presence of his staff in Paris by General Pershing in
behalf of the Hearst publications.
To promote the Second Liberty Loan the Hearst
newspapers devoted 1295 columns of news, editorials
and cartoons, and to aid the Third Liberty Loan the
Hearst newspapers devoted 1910 columns of news,
editorials and cartoons.
The subscriptions of the Hearst publications and
employes to the Liberty Loans have been over half a
million dollars; their contributions to the Red Cross
have been over fifty thousand dollars. ,
In all these matters the Hearst newspapers, "doing
right as God gives us to see the right," have tried to be
the most vigilant agents of the public interests by their
ACTS as well as by words.
Of Mr. Roosevelt and others like him, who find
unpatriotic occupation in denouncing the Administra
tion, and who seem more interested in their personal
ambitions and political prejudices than they are in win
ning the war, I would like to ask the plain question:
What have you done to give you the right to critU
cise the Administration and its splendid achievements,
or to justify you in assuming superior virtue and value
to the Hearst papers, which have consistently supported
the Administration, and conscientiously endeavored in
every way to help the Government win the war?
As far as I can see, Mr. Roosevelt has done nothing
but savagely and sensationally attack the President of
the United States and his Cabinet during this critical
war period, and has done this for partisan political pur
poses and, what is worse, for pay.
As far as I can see, one of the main objects of Mr.
Roosevelt's latest furious attack upon the Administration
was to aid and advertise those magazines and news
papers which pay him and support him and to reflect
upon those magazines and newspapers which do not hire
him or admire him.
As far as I can see, no matter what the motive of
these continued attacks may be, whether it be partisan
and personal, or well intended and merely misguided,
the result can only be harmful to our Government, harm
ful to the spirit of our people, harmful to the morale of
our armies, harmful to our country and our country's
C&U3C
After the war is over, therefore, or, better, after
this present crisis is over, I shall be glad to debate with
Mr. Roosevelt upon the public platform whether his
critical efforts or my constructive efforts have accom
plished the more toward helping America bring this
irreat war taa speedy and successful conclusion.
6 - iVILLIAM RANDOLPH HEARST.
Advertisement
BAKER
APPROVES
THE SENTENCES
(Dy Review Leased Wire)
NO RECOGNITION YET
(By Rovlt-w Leasoil Win-
LONDON. June 17, via Ottawa !n ;
the house of commons today A. J. Ral-,
four, foreign secretary, said the l!i it
ish government did not purpose for th'
present to recognize the Finnish rov
i eminent which seemed undoubted')- to
be under German influenre. tie also
asserted, that as far'as he was r.wmv.
villa m m
CAPTURE PASRAL
The Emblem
to Germany.
GRANTS POSTPONEMENT
hsi 01 men wno remstereii in (.lla courts that snue th ni"n were rt'lzcns
county J'ine 5. w hen the ofifrlal list : of the V'nited States regularly inducted
was received trcm the l ayson din-1 Into service under t lie selective se
trirt. The total number of men reg
istered to date totals 201. This is
which case one may pet the money ! abcut 50 per cent lower than the esti
paid for the stamps, with interest to mate made by the war department.
WASHINGTON, June 17. Secretary nonP ot the aliios recognized tho ju.'
Maker made it plain today that the ; pendence of Ukraine w hich 'uvl "-e
ar Hennrtment lines tint ronsider . ! reived no assistance from the allies-
man a conscientious objector because
he refuses to fight Germany and Aus
tria and supports his claim oy the con
tention that he has-relatives fighting
:or the central powers. Itv Rovl,,w t.oas.,1 w ire)
The secretary approved c ourt mar- j FnANrlSrO. June 17 -An or
tlal sentences ranging from eighteen , ,,. , ,,,
government of the $40.l.no imo
properties of the Henry M;ller estate
was issued today by 1'nited States
District Judge Pooling. The order
was made to permit attorneys to ne
gotiate in Washington for a compro
mise payment of an inheritance tax !r.
excess of Jfi.oii'HKMi. S;ilcs of the prop
erty to safisfy the tax h;id been rel
for June 2! by Justice I). War VII.
I'nitcd States collector of internal rev-
Ice law they were in duty bound to j cnuc.
fieht for the country and that they '
Could not Relect the country amiim-l j REVIEW WANT ADS
which they would bear arms. I BRINO RESULTS
(!!y R.-vlt-w I. n
mi-"., m. x..
'hat Villa IV'liiiv.. rs c
i in -:! .( ion In iv .'.
wc.t- artialiy onlir'i -r1
ii'por; f.'.-:m t 'h ;!'...:: i;
Villa and liis men en''?
1 il
-' 17. - I!u:i!:
iutvd l'.i. r:i!. ::
ll IV .i-.'.tl tU'hl..
i i'-:ii' .lit by a
City sayliiv.
I I'arr.r l'ri-
months to twenty years imposed of ' A
men at Cpnip I'pton. N. Y.. and Camp me Ro
..j .properties
U'KillH, III).
Since thev lire not regarded as con
scientious objeetors. they will not have
the rieht of a review of Mielr cases
by the special board appointed to hear
apnea Is of such obiertors.
Sccrctarv itaker hold with the
ilav, lnuleil the lov n i'lid w i re drive, i
out by federal troops. Tr.iin serv!e
south of Chihiiahu.i Citv was s'ls'ieiid
t d over S in li.N nr. A a .'lumber of
trooi's froi'i t!.e garrison were ser!
soul h todi'V.1
A woman arrived here to!a - from
Mai I'aso. we.-t of Chihuahua. Ci'-y.
with the lirst new of the loot in? of
I. nt town l." Vi'la fol!owrs Ht ims
band was anions the residents who
v : i o s'i"t down in the s Ton's. sh
s.i'd "-o i'-;-:mcI v -'"i tier rmal!
b: l.v . The '; i" -'v.rre. j-n-e .
' i-e of '"idiitnio I iiil.'u i'i an.l of
Villi followers were cai-iund l.ist
; night at araosa. twenty live mil 's
tat .f here, and were hruuht her
fur tl'itl as tr.rtiits. U rnnvieted they
I wi'l be i-e, nted.
Wm. If. Rand.ill. Warren
ITero's to the thistle of Scotland.
It's tough, it's hardy, it's brave.
j It's tiiorn for t'le foot of the Trus
) sian.
s It'sTiown fur each Scottish grave.
The bonnv brave red rose of Knc
! land
J Cod bless you and keep yon for
aye ;
s The roses that bloom in my garden
They have a nev nioanine today.
I They speak of . nation's devotion
J Vnshakcn by buffets of chance.
' Tliev're as fair as the dawn of the
! mere inc.
. They're as pure as the lillies of
f France.
) Tin n here's to the res" and t'le
! thistle.
' G.-.d b'ess Ihei.i and keen them and
) s.tve
; These emblems arc part of our be
ing. T'ly root in the blocd of our
brave.
When an Ainer can stps --talking
!i'"!f "doing his bit" rod begins doing
his HKST he's really in the war to
w in.
Coal in the cellar now means coat
in the turnaie lit .t winter.
STATUE WILL BE
ERECTED Dl PARK
! i nv Review Leased W!
WASHINGTON. June li. The scn
s ate today, by a vote of 51 to 11 ad pt
; ed a house resolution authorizing the
; crectioD in a public park in this c.ty
j of a statue of James liuchanan. Scn
j atcrs opposing the resolution rigorous-
ly attacked the loyalty of the former
J president.
S Adoption cf the resolution ends con-
trovcrsy in congress and will permit
' the carrying out of bequest made in
v the will t-f President Huchanan's nice.
i Mrs. Harriett I.ane Johnson setting
t aVile $100,000 for the purpose. Oppo
J sitlon to the resolution was led by
Senator I.odee of Massachusetts. Sen
! ati r Learoot of Wisconsin said Presi
i dent Puchanan. by holding there was
,' no way to prevent secession of the
southern states invited destruction of
the republic. Senator Ni lson declar
ing that the senate shoul I not mak-'
"this single man the subject of hate
of civilization."
! The food administrators are no
after tho "hot dogs." Kiyi: FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 18, 1918.
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEX A. CAIX.
....Editor and Geccral Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
Tie Associated Tress is exclusively entitled to the
ose for republication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to Ihis paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of republication of speUal dispatches herein
we also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8. 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES. PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
l-RR MONTH $ 75
THREE MONTHS
BIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly i per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) pc- quarter
2.25
4.00
7.50
? fid
(
..0
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE SOLDIERS
SING THE "ONWARD" BATTLE SONG
A special writer on a New York news
paper pays the following tribute to the
Christian Science organization for its great
war work and greater war spirit:
"Onward, Christian Soldiers?" Why,
bless your heart, they've been "onwarding
for months, and, in the last few weeks,
they've been going onward "over there"
by squads and companies and regiments.
They are the vanguard of the army of
Christian Scientists who are going to help
Pershing make the world safe for democra
cy. And, as every good American soldier
is without reproach, so these Christian Sci
ence soldiers are without fear. For every
one of them knows and proclaims as truth
practical, undodgeable, hardscrabble
truth the words of the Ninety-first
Psalm :
Thou shait not be "afraid for the terror by
night; nor for the arrow that flieth by day;
Nor for the pestilence that walketh in dark
ness; nor for the destruction that wasteth at
noonday.
A thousand shall fall at thy side, and ten
thousand at they right hand; but it shall not
ccme nigh thee. '
When the national bonnet was tossed
into the ring, the Christian Scientists went
in after it. They hustled into their fighting
clothes, and they're never going to shed
them until the Scienceless and Godless and
Gott-invoking German emperor sees his
hosts of darkness broken and vanquished
by the battalions of light. Not even Henry
Ford is more determined to "carry on" until
the Allies have won this war than are the
Christian Scientists. Their great organiza
tion is on a war basis and their war work
is going cn in every training camp in this
country and in the camps, the trenches, and
the hospitals of Flanders and of France.
But the world knows practically nothing
about Christian Science warriors and the
war work of the organization. Everybody
knows what the Red Cross and the Y. M.
C. A. and the Knights of Columbus and
ether organizations are doing, but the Sci
entists have been working as the coral in
sects work, and the reef of their labor has
received little notice. One reason for this
probably may be found in the fact that they
ask no financial assistance outside their
own membership. While there may be in
dividuals in other religious denominations
much wealthier than any individual mem
ber of the Christian Science denomination,
there probably is no denomination, in pro
portion to its size, which has the aggregate
wealth of this one. And this is as it should
be, if there is merit in their metaphysics,
for do they not declare that they were
made in the image and likeness of God,
that He is all in all, that He is Truth and
Love, an Infinite Supply Station from
which pour out all good things to those
who keep His laws? In other words:
"Seek ye first the Kingdom of God, and
His righteousness; and all these things shall
be added unto you."
It is a sad but nevertheless true fact that
the American government still blocks any
effort to save Russia from the German and
the Turk. Our allies wish to strike before
it is too late. Japan is ready and anxious
to take a hand in Siberia. But Washington
still hopes on. In the meantime Germany
is steadily taking over the entire Russian
empire from the west and Turkish troops
are moving forward from the east. As for
Russia herself, her internal affairs grow
steadily worse instead of better. The Bol
sheviki are still in undisputed power and
are working tooth and nail and hand in
hand with the Germans to complete the
destruction and enslavement of that un
happy land. German prisoners of war in
Russia are fighting and marching sie'e by
side with the soviet troops on their errands
of plunder, rapine and murder. There is
no civil or military government anywhere
in Russia; no officers in her army; no
courts in her towns, or police or protection;
no land or property owners. Famine ha
joined forces with the Germans and anarch
ists to complete the black work. The few
loyal, intelligent Russians still under arms
against these terrible enemies of Russian
national life are being driven further and
further back into Siberia. Russians are
actually being armed and placed in Germr.
armies. Soon these numbers will be mul
tiplied. If ever decisive and relentless
action were needed against .this menace it is
now. Japan should be urged to strike with
all her force and power and not hampered
or distrusted, for the situation deminds tha
most drastic and desperate remedy. Soon
it will be everlastingly too late.
Loyalty met pacifism in a direct clash in
the sessions of the American Federation of
Labor at St. Paul last week and backed it
clear off the boards, scoring a clean cut
victory. Frank Duffy, of the Carpenters
and Joiners union, led the fight of the leg
alists, and Ben Schlessinger, a socialist of
the Garment Workers' union, representetd
the pacifists. Only four votes were re
corded against the report that decided to
fight Germany to a finish and enter into no
negotiations of any kind with the astute
and treacherous and soft spoken propagan
dists representing Prussia. This report
was made by the labor commission recently
returned from Europe. Its text thrilled the
Federation members through and through.
It set forth plainly the gallant spirit and
clear, fair aims of the allies and also the
perfidy, the cruelty and the imperalis'ic
aims of Germany. Aggressive patriotism
was rampant in ever session. There is no
mistaking the stand of American labor
since the St. Paul convention. . It is doubt
ful if any labor convention ever held in this
country was as devoted and as united a
this St. Paul gathering, and it came at a
time when it was needed most by the coun
try at large. Bickerings, selfishness, feud
and strife were crowded to the background
by the country's need at this time.
It is now pretty well established that the
main cause of the delay and fizzle of the
American airplane program was due more
to a desire on the part of those in authority
to dazzle the world with a super-human
plane and motor than anything else. After
the material had been assembled and the.
workmen on the job and the factories
ready these swivel chair experts pottered
around for months making experiments
and changes galore. During that period
they could have turned out two or three
thousand plain plug airplanes that would
have been of more help than tongue can
tell the past three months of strain and
peril on the western front. But this fud
dling has passed forever in America. Three
factories are turning out a thousand bomb
ing and battle planes a month and they are
going to France right along. By the first
of August the American planes will really
be felt and noticed by the Germans in Flan
ders and Picardy.
This is the time of year vvhert the one
topic of conversation in ninety-nine out of
every one hundred communities in the
United States is the hot weather. Fagged
and weary mortals mop their brows and
gasp and mutter and rave about the scorch
ing heat. They even speculate and wonder
if they will be able to live through the night
mare of the heated season. But here in
Bisbee only occasionally does some thought
less and misguided pilgrim complain of it
being hot, and he is generally a native. No
adopted son who has ever sweltered
through a Kansas or Missouri or Ohio sum
mer says unkind things about Bisbee s sum
mer weather.
Only a man with a speech to unload could
endure the terrors of a Phoenix heat wave.
The Arizona legislature continued over in
to this week in spite of all that the sun
could do in order to finish up a lot of de
bates and orations. As for passage of any
useful or needed legislation, that is another
matter, and judging from the record so far.
will not be seriously considered at all.
Arizona will watch with deep interest the
further progress through congress of Sen
ator Ashurst's bill making a national park
of the Grand Canyon. The measure has
passed the senate and is now in the lower
house. The state legislature has already
passed a resolution urging congress to en
act this desired legislation. Like Yellow
stone Park, the Grand Canyon should be
taken over and administered by the govern
ment, for it is one of the world's wonders
and should therefore be a national, and not
a private or even a state resort.
Legislative Gossip
(.Signal to Tilt) Hovitut
TIktj it.nid probabnuy teat Kred
Coliti s Loom ljr governor has lecu
-ciicus.y cua.aged during the- social
session. Hd has been considered tli3
especial candidate ot the Hunt or rad
ical element t the democratic pariy
and has made, his campaign on that
basis. Now there are loboy rumors
that this element will not support Aim
at the primal ies if some other tanui
ei.Ue can be advanced.
in the effort to find someone else to
represent the more radical ol whit
roller has culled "the old schools ol
Arizona thought." it is now beueved
there has been settlement upon Sen
ior ,i...on of tiinu county. This
cannot be called a Hunt choice, n
.-.ia..iy happens that Hunt and Winsor
i ;nc i.Lodi the wine view O! Mings in
general, putting vhat they term th
lights o.' humanity above any rig.its oi
nui eriy. Inacta, it is toiu that oa
...at c;fl of state politics there has
been disagreement of late between tne
governor ana Winsor, who were tne
closest of associates a couple of years
ago. There can be little doubt that
v. luscr Is considering stepping into
the bieach. There is no aoubi what
ever, also, that Colter will stay in the
:ace at the primaries, coniidciii that
li-.fc vast amount of political work done
by him already will have its lud effect.
PATRIOTIC SACICFICE
1
Even as interesting is the report
of the candidacy of Senator Sutter ot
Cochise. Just where he stands with
respect to the present administration
best is shown by a report of his late
si eech on the suoject of the governor's
message to the legislature. He is said
to have become convinced that the
tir.tt hr.s come for an appeal to the
standard democratic thought oi the
r.a-.e. as against the Interpolated pol
i. !cs that would mane a supreme issue
;f the interests of the employe, as
a.- f Inst the employer.
There has not eaxctly been amity
between the two houses during the
session and complaint was made in
ea.h that its measures wre
slaughtered in the other end of the
capitol through sheer blood-iust und
m.ttout regard io courtesy or legal
necessity.
It was notable that the socialistic,
or ultra-progressives, members of this
session were in a minority in tori
hrues, unlike in the two previous leg
islatures. In the second it is told
there were twelve members who did
not believe in the individual owner
ship lot property. Hut there werw
enough of these ultra-progressives this
-t-ssion to block a two-thirds vote on
fry bill that Fougr.t to protect proj
crty, even .'hough it were under war
conditions, w ithout tacking on some
ri-!( r that sotif.ht to recognize and sup
port the right of individual and collec
tive action on the part of employes.
In the senate there was frequent ob
jection to the tendency of some mem
bers to "swat" the I. V. V. and state
ments were made in both houses that
it would be better to let that organiza
tion die through public inattention.
Rarely was mention of the I. W. W.
made that some member did not count
er with remarks anent the Bisbee
deportation. Repreesntative Francis is
3aid to have stated that there are
2.300 I. V. W.'s in the Warren district
at the present time. President Crcaff
cf tae State Federation of Labor has
slight!-.- mere conservative ilgi.res. Me
says there are 1.500 in li'sbee ard
added, ' t uiv, thev are work' v;."
C " fiS 0J HAVE SEEN MV rtlfiV
. V-;-- V vil Support or ves-Bur you
. v - r, 1 DUTy IH OVER THERt THE filXltS 1
i -. ! If DCPEMD ON YOU TO MEIP WN THE WR 1
J il rnD 'm proud to 6ive you UP I
".';.'-' V S IIWOUR LITTLE BROTHERS WJILC MK&
-- J
Q -' '
State and County News Briefs
'juWV.J.-.r -.i-.-.-u-i., -.Tri i-u-nr' .-I.-.- vvuv.uwu uvju-jut - -r-r ,JyJJw..jWLT,r r jwuvv J rxr j. u - .rj-ii- i i r-i -, r i , i
County Briefs
The demand lor repairing the Tiiiiio
t tcne-Dragoon road is growing and be-
has teen in Tucson for borne time, j questionnaires when asked to do so.
-Mr. Worsley is a well know n attorney The six refused.
of TUO.011. I
i Xo longer do the members and at-
Realizing the necessity of a modern : tiches of the various departments ot
fore long the supervisors must take i hotel wi,n conveniences of a city hos-;t.;e slate f Arizona travel about the
this road into consideration, since it teiry. a n.o . :.aiu in now on icoi iogtilte at the rate of two and one
is going to be of greater importance I staire s. hjtel of that kind for Tomh-;naf cents per mile. All this was
than heioto'cre. it is an ah.solutd i t;tone as a mining, automobile road ( 8toppe i last Wednesdav by the order
necessity to the north end of tl;o an(l county seat center has brcugh tfcis rf William G. McAdoo. director gen
couutv " i to ,he !, ji"t where the de'iia:.!l is grow-, cra of rajrroads.
mg to s-.u-n aa eixeni asm warra.u, j jie state departments hare been
the construction of a building that will : tuming in u,eir script probably the
take care- of the growing trade and I jast aey wiu have for gome Ume
of such a bunding us w;:l be a credit i aud are geting the cash baianceg due
One remarkable statement cn the
floor rf the house, in consideration of
the anti-Mexican bill, was that 1.700
Arfccnn and New Mexican soldiers
now are being given daily instruction
in the iJU'ish tongue, this mainly at
Carpp cdy. This statement was made
by the members who sought to have
barred from the mines all persons who
cannot peak Knglish.
The council of defense matter has
had passage under difficulty. Vaughn's
house bill on the subject was killed in
the house. In the senate a number of
IVH were consolidated into number
live, with Claypool's name attached
and passed, to be killed in the house.
Then senate bill seventeen, from the
appropriations committee, was passed,
to be killed at the other end of the
lobbv. The house then passed num
ber. twenty-six of its own. This was
decapitated in the senate and sent
hick with many amendments, partic
ularly cutting out the infant legisla
ture." the representation of each of
the fourteen counties. The house re
fused and the bill went to conference,
the first that has been known during
the session. In general, the hou.se
ideas pre. ailed, as its conference ni"in-l.'-rs
proved obdurntc and. as Senator
Winsor observed, the end ot the ses
sion was in sitht if agreement could
he reached. Senator lioodell offered
a bill that perpetuated the pre-n:
council and Representative. Ilouser one
that placed the whole matter in the
hands of the governor. The matter,
early in the session, became much in
volv'cd in the anti-administration light,
or the question would have been
settled without difficulty.
R. O. Page, formerly owner of a
great ranch in the Catalinas, was ar
rest id by Sheriff Miles and deputies
last night on the Nogales road, near
Saiiuarita. charged with ha.ing opium
in !;is possession.
The s-'ieriff's office had had Page
under surveillance for some time as
W. T. Boy J late of Dottgl is hai
purchased the inteerst of Mrs. liesie
Flach at Tombstone, and will put in
an electric plant, to take care of the
large business the drug store handles.
Mr. Bovd being from Douglas, it would
appear that he has not much faith in
the county teat removal deal Douglas
is now trying to put over.
I.
to the town. The settlement of the.
on them. From now on. they will pay
The tungsten property near Riins"yjpie wj10 have thought to win the war
canyon in the Huaehuca's. formerly op-! by removing the county scat frciu
erated under bond and lease from Al- j Tombstone to Douglas,
bert Steinftld by O. T. Smith, has been
taken over by A. J. Clark, L. K. I'or-
continual cuumv .e., o., fcur or five cent8 pef mile for their
lion on the part of Douglas is now ,yeU aout Ari20na un,e
about to be settled for none :e Riming unforseen occurs,
the hotel will be built. It will be lo'.
lowed by other improvements, all of j
which have been held back by the ( hirrged with a felony in connection
greedy aspirations cf ihe Dougias pcivj with the alleged theft of about $T0o
worth of tires from the Miller Tire
agency in Tucson. John L. and Dora
U Bonn, man and wife, proprietors of
the Bohn stage line, operating le-
Arrnrdini' to a v.e'l known re-ddent i t een Tucson and YVinkelman. were
tor and O. I. Msimgmiry of l.os A'l-1 ,..,.,,,,.., Tombstone Saturday. I arrested Saturday by Detectives Smith
teles, who plan the erection of a 13.1-, rnmn.,:,,. ,.f i)o;.-as countv eat and I lamer and turned over to the
ton concentrator on use pu.peri. .,.1(vaiqta he ul.,, i,v Tom Hod .who ' a tintv foi prosecution. Eighteen
Clark. Porter and Ki.slingljury are op- j . .. e,uerprlsilil. mining and iarni-: tires were found in tieir heme at 50
crating in Indio county. C a'.ticrnm. K district yesterday, returned home j West Broad a ay and identified as part
and Kisiingbury w ill be the marnfror sa,ider bllt wiser m,. rending iniof the plunder secured in the recent
Ol me new operation. i lie m-v. ou-
eis first purchased
from Smith and
purcliase wun bieinneiu. giwng uicm ,,h slucl.5S. Ue SHs!
lull title to the property. signature had i
been secured to the removal petitions,! he learned that his old di-
nd would wa.-er that not over a do.e-i I viaton was Kavmg for overseas vrr
in the whole district signed the reti- B-rt Utngan resigned from the
lions. II ihe committee i;iects wi:;i "
' . ' . I sadder but wiser men. i.annmg mior the plunder secured in the recent
ration. The new ow"' couri;Hn,i jn a fieet o" Hood's f.i. vers. I robbery of the Miller agency. The
ised the bond and leasa I he c,mmli,t(.e st!tr:,.rt to o'. and ; Bchns are middle aged people who
id then concluded t.nj . ar.Rn;ln to ,he Coi:rth:nd wan, they , have been long residents of Tucson.
It iH reported that Douglas i.; .lav
ing (onsiderable trouble in getting up
the county seat removal petition. II
is s;;id that the valley people ate not
ston to go across with the men with
horn he had been training for the
past several months. Kager to be a
..n--,li.' uni i-ess" in ether nrts
signin? this time like they did bearer ,.,,. as Uu.v dul at courtlaud.
and when the statement was given out i , . ,h:,.!,e rPnorts emin-
by th government reserve baiilt ,,l"-JntjM, from til(, smelter citv that m mv commissioned officer, Clingan worked
cial.i that the government considered it ! .- art, b..in secured to the peti diligently to be named as one of the
German propaganda for communities1' camouflage. Proa pee-1 fortunate men to make the training
tor.
to want to vote bonds for nnvthin
that was not a necessity, the -,ooi
people of Cochise county took heed
and refused to si-ti the petition. The
government may not consider th re
moval of the county seat of Cochise
county to Douglas a war necessity and
will not approve bonds for such a
procedure.
school. He then learned that his own
organization was to be sent to France,
and the idea of being left behind was
t.o much for the young patriot. H
resigned al once, declaring that he
would win his commission on the field
!of battle. Ciingan is one of the best
' known young business men of'rhoe
! nix. He w as southwestern repreenta
Uive of the Portland Cement company
. , ,i . , .. i ! at the time he joined the Kansas
department cf justice cad--1 the (. wifc 08i,abHshe( ,t Man.
Brief State Notes
I !
' Article of inc-crpoiation were filed,
'yesterday ill the efiice rf the sla'o;
corporation cointnission by the Kxplor-,
Union aud DevclopiniTt Svndiiate. j
nurses, many Have Decu uvmg m
tents. The hospital is more crowded
than it has ever been betore. This is
due to the fact that so many re tails
are coming in. rnd they have n h.ibil
of catc hing measles, mumps and every-
' . . ..... ... . I ... L- .- ...will.. (, tit
the result of reports that Page , " , , " "' !w ,x
ltcinir nformecl tnat cswij.,: ...
Five new army nurses arrived at;
the army base hospital at Camp Jonc- ! Th
Saturday morning from Fort S;.m j ;lrr,.st Thursday at Phoenix of Ceorge
Houston. 1 hey are liutu 1' ?i"ipson, charged vv.ih violation ot t ,roman thor(1 ur thc Bummer.
Nancy Virginia Polo, Sophie U. Heata. ! espionage act. Simpson, according to ;
Genev ieve Stratton and Margaret I ,.,iorai officials, said wmle in Pros-1 .
Helen Spies. This brings the total ,t r4.,.,.,uiv: "The kaiser is not a, Maricopa was visited by what is esti
n umber of nurses at the hospital up ; ml,ni,.ror ij"ke ITesident Wils.,-i is. mated ;as a t: 2.000 fire Saturday morn
to fern-three. Pending the comple-1 t;,,nlianv , rii.ht The Cnited States : when nearly half of the town, con
tinn ..f additional ouarters ."or the!. T,, ,i,,.,, states is going Mstir.g of the property of J. . F.d-
to get w hat is coming to her.'
ilealini; in c.iiiiiin.
l'age had left Nogales lor In: son. cir.v
ing a big Jelferies car, Sheritf Miles
and several deputies drove out on the
Nogales road. About ! o'cloc k Page
drove up ami liai.eu re. mm. ''. .. ...,- - ,
vised barricade. The she nlf tol.l mm , ,.,,.. uiIh .. (.ailali.atio.i
........l ,. hlni fiver .iii.ii . ,
are exposed to it in a camp.
Tentative steps toward the develop
ment of the ml prospects at !ii-'
was indicated during the wee k by the
that he wanted to loed; htm over.
"Oh. go ahead," said Page, airily,
"nothing to conceal."
He motioned the searchers to the
back seat of the car and got out to
await the result of the search. The
sheriff and the deputies searched.
Page Joking with thorn all the while.
Finally Miles ordered the extra tire
removed and examined, whereat
Page's sense of humor suffered a chill.
Light cans of opium were removed
ire 111 i lie lire. i mini
'W hy. hew did th 't g t there? Page , resjdcnt of Tin son
! wards and the general merchandise
istc re of Henry Shry and Sidney Deal.
Spe cial Agent Fcst. r of the Clone w destroyed. One I-ord car and a
draft board: threw a band grenade ho were the sole casualties. The
int,the rails of the registered men Ure started in tae hay barn in the
Wcddesdi.v w'l. n he appealed i:,iH fear of the store and because there
rase, ol deferred classification to the;"-' 'ut very little water in the big
district board The men whose Has- ! tank whic h supplies the town, it was
sitic alien has been appealed are liste d ! practically futile to use the hose which
in classes - ;; and 4. Registrants i ns ecmnected w it h the hv drain at tile
who have been exempted en a claim of P"(- T!e property destroyed was
dependency i'.l be given another m-'-'e o story adobe building contain-
nit, in.- si.n.. n a . iifi.tl, wrt-UOClSC,
c attare. garage, blaiksmitli shop and
corral. The merchandise In the store
was valued at $12.ooo and the property
v estigal ion unci i: the local t.eiar.i is
successful a number ol them will be
place d in c lass 1.
. - .1. . t I .. , tin A.... ti.
Complaints auamst six MoloKans "'" "e cucrcnan-
frcui the Ulondale colony were sworn uise was covered by an insurance pol-
of one million shares at a par vvlue !
of one dollar eac h. The coinpanv is i
backed by locations on several thouu-i
and acres of land 1 he incorporator s , . ,,..(ora , xiiUe . I'nilcid '- amounting to $S000 and the prop-
afe W. J. Cobum. A. A. Worsley. C. C. w2f r ' jrtk.i ! t erty carried a valuation of SS500 'The
1 i 11 l,.i, Thi nfl cers oiacera h .cj . .ioi.. . , r V T ' ...v..j,. . T
i? ArmTvo tsl rhoVnixT bthelepartment ol uU-e. nierchandise in stock was purchased
elected are they had committed an act by Shry and Deal from Mr. Edwards
dent. A. A. woiMcv, vue pitsimiu. f - .,, ,,,,,,. , th about two months ano. Mr Shrv
lias located most c, uc. ..it r.,r r.t-,i m r..t.ut..r for store, was not seriously damaged as
.Mr King was at military service.
There v ere thlrtv- records, eiiuipment and mail was
but saved oetuiv the tut readied that part
la-lad in pieteiiiled allocs incut, "l'.i.it one time M issi-sippi s cotton .tiiml- tour of tl.eni. Last sptf.ig ait but saved octolV the
'j, the first 1 knew about It.'' turner to the l'atis cxpoMtfli. lie these .. tilled out and signed their o the bul.Uing THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 18, 1918.
FIVE :
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK, June 17. Latest ad
vices of the war situation and the
prospects of a fourth Liberay loan
exceeding in size and interest rate
any yet offered were deterrent factors
in today's lull and unsetlQed stock
market.
United States Steel fell back 2K
points after its fractional rise and
kindred industrials and equipments
forfeited early advances of li to 3
points.
Rails r.nd shippings displayed some
animation and strength during the
forenoon, the latter rising l'i to 3
pcints but both groups became dis
tinctly heavy before the close. Cloie
550.000 shares.
Outstanding Liberty issues were
heavy, especially first 4's and the gen
eral list' was irregular. Total sales,
par value, aggregated $5,425,000. Old
I'nited States bonds were unchanged
on call.
GRAINS
CHICAGO, .Ine 17. Corn prices
went soaring again today, impelled !y
record breaking heat in the west. Ad
vances, heavier, were not well main
tained. The market closed nervous
to 1 cent net higher, with July f 1.45si
to $1.457 and August 1.47"s. Oats
finished '4 to up. Provisions rose
25 cents to $1.
Absence oX any intimation that ac
tual damage had resulted from the
intense heat tended to unsettle the
sentiment in the latter deals.
Fears of crop damage in the b'juiIi
west counted as a factor in the bull
side of the oats market.
Provisions ascended grain and hogs.
NEW YORK COTTON
NEW YORK. June 17 Cotton closed
steady 64 points net higher.
NEW YORK METAL
NEW YORK, June 17 l?ad tjiiet.
Spot S7.624(3 S7.S0. Spelter quiet,
spot East St. Iouis delivery $7,059
$7.75. l:ar silver 99'i.
NEW YORK
Closing Quotations, June 17, 1913
By L. J. OVERLOCK, Broker.
Anaconda 64
.American Ca:
American Can 4a
American Locomotive 65
American Smeter 7tw
American Sugar 112
Baldwin 89
Bethlehem B S-r
C&O M
C F & 1 4S-S
Canadian Pacific llti'4
Central Leather 67
Crucible 64"';
Distillers f,S:i,
Erie .... 15Vi
Goodrich t ... 44
Geenral Motors 134'.
Independent Alcohol 124
Lackawanna US'.i
Marine . . . 29
.Marine, Preferred 104
Mldvalo ?1:n
Mexican Petroleum 35'
New York Central 72'0
Northern Pacific , b7
Heading : (fO's,
Rubber 5S
Republican Steel S9'i
Studebaker 44 '2
Steel 10 ! 's
Steel. Preferred 112'i
St. Paul 84
Sinclair Oil 29 U
Texas Oil
I" Dion Pacific 122
T'nifed S'.utes Marine 41
Westinghouse 4:;
BOSTON
Adventure 5
Allouex '. 4S
Alaska I'-i
Arizona Commercial l'i
American Zinc 17
Butte L'4si
C A- A 67
C & H 43")
C Range 45
Chino 3S'i
E Butte
Granhy 74
Grand Canadian 41 Vi
Goldfield 20
Hanccck 5V&
Indiana ." SO
Inspiration 51 'i
Kennecott 32'2
Keweenaw 1'4
Lake o'-i
LaSalle
Miami L'T-'s
Mohawk 6'
X Butte 14 U
Nip .-. 85i
Old Dominon 40
Soceala 47
Buy Two-Horse Brand
Copper-Riveted, Genuine Indigo Dyed
Waist Overalls
if you want the best.
The standard of quality for 50 years. The
best fitting, strongest and longest wearing
overalls that are made.
A New
Pair
FREE "iS?
L
all
the
wean
ike all cood things, Two-Horse Brand Over- Y ". '. '
s have many imitators. If you want the best I ' :; . V-f 1
kind of which there can be no duubt of the r , ' ';, J J
ng quality because ot our guarantee to one t .ft- ' ) I
a new pair free if they rip ak for Two-Horse
Brand with label as bhown here and take no others.
ti T ZT Look for
feWVj thi.Ubel.
MADE AND CUARANTLED BY
Levi Strauss & Co.
San Francisco
' AWARDED THE GRAND PRIZE AT P. P. I. E.
LEASED WIRE
Pond Creek
Quincy . . . .
Shsttuck ..
Shannon . . .
U
b"
lo'i
3"v,
2'.
49
Hi
I Superior Boston
St. Marys
I'tah Consoliiatcd
I'tah Copper
Winona
CURBS
Arkansas fc Arizona 7
Austin 's
Arizona Silver King X
Big Ledge 1 4
Butte London IS
Calumet T: Jerome
Cornelia
ConsJid;:ti d Arizona
Consolidated Copper ..v....
Curtiss
Denn
Dundee
Emma
Kedersl Oil ,
m
17 -i
1h
6 :S.
404
21
is
'4
2
r-
13
45
4
30
20
4"fe
3o
40
1V4
Creen Montor
Grand Island
Globe Dominion
Hull
Howe Sound
Hecla
Jerome Verde
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami
Okmulgee
Pitts Jerome
Porphyry
Ray Hercules
Tern Reed lS4i
Tuclomne
Verde Extension
Verde Combination
Wolverine Arizona
West End
While Caps
Wright Martin
iS
39
5s
J 1
1
10
OATMAN
Bid Ask
.03 . .05
or
.03 .05
.05 .10
.(:
.12 .11
.02 .03
.15
.02
.02 .03
.OS .10
1.84 1.85
3-37 3.50
.02
.15
2.50 2 75
.62 .69
.IS .20
.87 1.00
.04
.36 A)
.56 .62
.08 .. .11
.06 !lj
.45 .50
.20 -25 !
1.62 1.75 !
Argo :
Atiams
Arizona Kex
Arizona Tom 11
Pig Jim Con .
Boundary Cone
Gold Oie
Gold Road Bon
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
Sunnyside
Telluride
Tom Reed .
United Eastern
I'nited Nort'.iero
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS
Gsd?'Uen
Green Monster
I Butte Lonuon
' Dundee
Venture Hill
I J'ittsJiren:e
(Jerome Ve:tle
Ark-A: izoiia
Jerome ''c: tfuud-
Ins-Net '!es
Hull Cupper
Magn-a Chief
Wolverine Arizona
Verde Combination 50
Miami Consolidated 02
Verde Squaw
Nacjz:;ri Consolidated ....
Verde Apex i
Porphyry .40
Calumet & Jerome 1.06
Ker.;h?r River
.50
.41
.06
.70
1.12
.15
i i iis'afwayspreseidaSfe-
lli L'l'tum possible Ior cvery
'li U.i woman through use of
MARINELLO
Phanom Powder
Immediately gives skin abear
ance of beauty then really
beautifies it. Unrivaled beauty bi-'ilder
for lace, neck and hands. Doesn't rub
or wash on. Splendid for evening m-ike-up.
Your nutiur wul prove its me: it.
McDonald's Marinello
Shop Phone 305
a wwii in i in inauii'swiBaf
I
Sold by
All Dealers 1
Hi I
Baseball Scores
NATIONAL LEAGUE
BURNS' HOMER DOES IT
NEW YORK. June 17 Burns' home
run in the eighth inning broke a tie
score and enabled New York to deefat
Cincinnati. The game was a pitchers'
battle between Sallee and Schneider
with the home pitcher outlasting his
rival.
R. H. E.
Cmcinati lOi) 00U 0001 8 0
New York ..'....0tO 010 Olx 2 9 0
PHILADELPHIA WINS
PHILADELPHIA, June 17 vra
vath's home run into the bleachers
with a pinch runner on first base in
the ninth inning, tied the score for
Philadelphia and Williams 'double, fol
lowing singles by Burns and aBncroft,
wou the game in the ninth.
R. H. E.
Pittsburg 020 015 Ooi) 08 15 2
Philadelphia ..210 210 002 19 13 2
Miller, Steele, Harmon and Schmidt;
Mayer, Main, Prendergast, Watson and
Burns.
BROOKLYN DEFEATS CHICAGO
BROOKLYN, June 17. The Brook
lyns made fifteen hits today but were
forced to stage a ninth Inning raliy
to win.
R. H. E.
Chicago 010 001 010 3 4 2
Brooklyn 000 002 0o2 4 15 1
Tyler. Douglas and Killifer; Cheney
and Miller.
BOSTON TAKES BOTH
BOSTON, June 17. Boston celebrat
ed Bunker Hill day by winning the
norning and afternoon games from St.
Louis.
Upham, pitching his first game for
Boston in the r.tternoon, allowed six
hits, did not pass a man and struck
cut five. (
Packard held the home team to three
lits until the seventh when a walk to
Wickland, a single by J. C. Smith and
a honievTtin by J. L. Smith scored three
runs.
Kelly's triple and J. C. Smith's sin
gle in the eighth fccored the other Bos
ton run.
In the morning game Konetchy was
hit over the left ear by a wild pitch
and retired.
Morning game: R. H. E.
St. Louis 000 001 000 1 3 2
Boston 000 000 Olx 4 8 I
Ames and Gonzales; Nehf and Wil
son. Afternoon game: R. H. E.
St. Liiuis 002 000 (loo 2 6 1
Boston 000 000 31x 4 7
Packard. May and Gonzales, Snyder;
Upham and Henry.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
JOHNSON OUTPITCHES RIVALS.
CHICAGO June 17. Washington de
feated Chicago, Johnson outp'.tehing
three local pitchers. Three tiuie3 the
and could not score.
R. H.-K.
.G'JjCbicago 0O0 uuO 010 1 6 3
f'o Washington 100 uul uuO -2 S u
Benz, Russell, lianforth and Schaik;
Johnson and Ainsmitli.
MAKES IT FOUR STRAIGHT
CLLVELAN1J. June 17. Ch'veland
made It four straight from Philadel
phia. Pitcher Scott Perry, for whom
Manager Connie Mack went into court
today and secured a restraining ordor
preventing the Boston National. from
interftrring with his services with the
Athletics, pitched and lost his fiiot
game since the National hasehall coin
niishion's ruling deciding in favor of
Boston.
U. H. V..
Philadelphia loo (n) 000 a C 1
Cleveland '. oou 013 uox 6 1 1
Perry and Perkins; Coveletskic and
Thomas.
SERIES SPLIT EVEN
ST. LOUIS. June 17 Iloston won
due to the effectiveness of three lo
cal pitchers and two errors by Tobin.
The two teams split even on the series
just concluded.
11. H. E.
Eoston 1 oi'ii ojo S 9 o
St. Louis oho Olio ono o 4 2
Mays and Schang; Gallia, Mouck,
Davenport. Wright and Seven-id.
CALLED IN EIGHTH
DHTKOIT. June 17. New York and
Detroit played a five to five tie game,
the game being called at the end of
the eighth to allow Detroit to catch a
train. New York scored the tying run
in the eighth on Pi ckinpauglfs double,
an out and a single.
New York 220 oon (1 r 11 1
Detroit 000 no.", 02 5 10 '1
Love, Finneran and Walters; Cun
ningham and Yelle.
SOUTHERN ASSN.
At Birmingham, 5; Memphis. 7.
At Atlanta, Little Mock. rain.
At New Orleans-Chattanooga, played
Saturday.
At Mobile. 1; Nashville. 2.
ii.'Miutiiiiniinimiimiiiifj
A Dandy
p Season
For
Saving
The
Wheat is- I
PesrtoriEsI
(BEST CORN FLAKES)
Need no Sugar
MiIk$oesfurher
ff
LEMON JUICE
TAKES OFF TAN
Girls! Make bleaching lotion
if skin is sunburned,
tanned tr freckled
Squeze the juice of two lemons in'o
a bottle containing three oui'ices of
Orchard White, shake well, and you
have a quarter pint of the best freckle,
sunburn and tail lotion, and complex
ion beautifier, at very, very small cost.
Your grocer has the lemons and any
drug store or toilet counter will sup
ply three ounces of Orchard White for
a few cents. Massage this sweetly fra
grant lotion into the face, neck, arms
and hands each day and see how
! freckles, sunburn, windburn and tan
disappear and how clear, soft and
white the skin becomes. Yes! It is
harmless.
THREE GENERATIONS OF WOMEN
For three generations women o'. this
countiy have used and recommended
to their children and children's chil
dren the use of that famous oUl root
and herb remedy, Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, until today it Is
recognized everywhere as the stand
ard remedy for women's ills. It con
tains no narcotics or harmful drugs;
is made from roots and herlm o' the
field Under the most sanitary condi
tion, and any woman surtenng iroin
.ucli ailments should be sure to give
ii a trial.
310
GAMES SUNDAY
American
Cleveland. 4; Philadelphia.
Detroit. 2; New York, 5.
Chicago. 3: Washington. 0.
St. Louis, 2; Boston, 1.
No National scheduled.
American Associaiton
Milwaukee, 3; Toledo, 2.
St. Paul. 12; Indianapolis. 11.
Louisville, 7; Minneapolis. 4.
Columbus, 6-3; Kansas City, 4-6.
Western
Joplin, 9; Omaha. 0. Forfeited.
Hutchinson, 9; Sioux City, 1.
Wichita, 5; St. Joseph, i.
Oklahoma City, 6-S; Ues Moines, 8-4.
Coast.
Ivos Angeles. 5; Salt Lake, 0.
Oakland, 0-2; Vernon, 1-5.
Sacramento, 2-1; San Francisco, 3-2.
Southern Association.
Nashville-Memphis, postponed.
At New Orleans, 2-2; Chattanooga,
4-0.
Mobile, 0; Little Rock, 4.
Only three scheduled.
Political
Announcements
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate or the nomination for the office
of Sheriff of Cochise county, subject
to the will of the voters at the demo
cratic primary to be held on Septem
ber 10, 191S.
C. E. CROSS.
FOR TREASURER
1 hereny announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of Treasurer of Cochise coumy,
subject to the will of the voters at tne
democratic primary to beueld on
September 10, 1918.
GUY C. WELCH.
FOR CLERK, SUPERIOR COURT !
I hereby announce myself as a c.n-1
didate for the nomination for the of
fice of Clerk, Superior Court of Co
chise county, subject to the will of the
voters at the democratic primary to be
held on September 10, 191S.
J. E. JAMES. I
FOR JUDGE, SUPERIOR COURT j
I hereby announce myself as a can-
didate for the nomination for the of- j
flee of Judge, Superior Court o: Co- I
chise county, subject to the will of the !
voters at the democratic primary to be ;
held cu September 1", l!Ua.
ALKRKI C. LOCKWOOD. I
FOR SHERIFF !
I hereby announce myself as a can- .
lii'lato for the nomination for the office i
of Sheriff of Cochb-e county, subject '
to the will of the voter at the demo- j
cratic primary to bo held on Septem- i
ber lo, 1'JlS. !
W. S. BRAKKIICLI). i
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as Constable
for the Lowell Precinct, No. 2. Sub
ject to the action of ths Democratic
voters of that precinct in the primaries
on September loth.
107 II. II. BOIIMFALK.
FOR CONSTABLE
"I hereby announce myself as a can-'
didate for the nomination for the of
lice of Constable for Lowell I'reclnct I
No. :;, subject to the will of the voters
at the Democratic primary to oe held
on September 10, 111S.
J00 JAMES BA!vL"lt
FOR CONSTABLE
I hereby announce myself as a can-
! didate for the nomination as Constable
for the Lowell 1'reciiict, No. 'i. Sub
ject to the action of the Democratic
voters of that precinct iu the primaries
on September loth.
207 GEO. D. CROWLEY.
FOR JUSTICE OF PEACE
I hereby announce myself as a can
didate for the nomination as Justice of
the I'eace, for the Lowell Precinct. N'i
:l Subject to the action of the Dciim-
i.itic Mi'c i j of tbat preLiiiit iu tlr
plimancs, on September lotli.
J. L. WINTERS.
JUDGE A. C. BAKER
FOR JUDGE OF THE
SUPREME COURT
Judge A. C. l aker, of i Iioemx. will
submit his name to the democrats of
Arizona, at the primary elv.tion, Sep
tember 10. 111S. as a candidate for
judge of the Supp'tne Court.
The friends of Jurse a:cer claim
that lie is the dean i f the Arizona bar,
having practiced law in tiie state for
nearly forty years. He has appeared
as counsel in many of L.e most im
portant cases tried in the state. When
the liquor interests backed by an ar
ray of the best legjl talent in the
state, attacked the prohibition amend
ment, as unconstitutional and sought
to enjoin its enforcement. Judge Mak
er and other counsel associated with
thn nltnmpv f'nir:l. nnnpnrt:! hffore
I the Federal court in California In de
fense of th law. The court refused to
enjoin the enforcement of fie amend
ment, and it remained intact and un
impaired until the opinion of the Su
preme Court of the state was handed
V
4
4
i
down, permitting I he intrcduction of
liquor into the state fcr personal use.
President Cleveland appointed Judge
Baker Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court in li9;!( and hr filled that office
for a term of four ears. His written
opinions are characterized by simplici
ty, clearness and brevity. He was a
member of the Constitutional Conven
tion, and in that body espoused many
of the new features found in the con
stitution, without becoming radical or
hysterical. He introduced Resolution
No. 4. providing for the initiative and
referendum, and although the commit
tee changed this resolution somewhat
in phraseology, and in some particu
lars added thereto, yet it is served as
a basis for the resolution afterwards,
introduced by the committee, provid
ing for the initiative and referendum
as it now stands in the constitution.
During his residence in the state he
has served as a member of the legis
lature, and several terms as District
Attorney of Maricopa County, and at
present he is a member of the State
Board of I.a" Examiners. Judge Bak
er Is a democrat in politics, and is a
staunch defender of the faith He was
a delegate to the national democratic
convention from Arizona in 1SU2. and
was a member of the first regularly
constituted democratic convention
held in the territory of Arizona. His
(
Wi ! You He!
Owin to the stress of war conditions and the high price of materials
and labor we respectfully request that our subscribers pay the office for
their paper each month and not force us to send out collectors. The
courtesy will be appreciated and we will have an opportunity to talk
over methods of improving the service to our customers. Let us
know when you do not receive your paper and we will send it by
special messenger. We want you to get the REVIEW every day it is
published and before breakfast.
Thank you.
Bisbee Daily R
two !.:. Alexander and Robert, are
in the I'nited Stains army, serving
llieir cciiniiy, of wl.len i.n t lie is just
lv proud. Judge liaker is an ex-Con-teuerate
soldier, and In- N atriutic to
the core. His spee lies in behalf of
tiie Ited Cri.ss and Li'u'-rty Loan are
fervid with a spirit of patriotism, and
have been extremely helpful to these
i a lists. Adv.
Patagonia - Vh ; Klux m.ne is instat
ing all new machinery and it is ex-1
peeled that this mine v, lit become one
ot tiie biggest prod;eis in this dis
ti let. I
A thrift stamp a uay isii'i enough if
you can save more.
NOTICE OF SALE Or BLAL ESTATE
Notice is hereby given, i'.ia: :n pur
suance ot an order of the Superior
Court of the County or Cochise. State
of Arizona., made on the 15th day of
June, 191S, in the mutter of the estate
of Hoy and Anna Norton ( minors, the
undersigned as gciiidian of the e-;taK.
of said minor, will sell at the Iiw
Offices of Kyle & Wright, located in
the Bank of Bisbee Building, in the
City of Bisbee, Arizona, to the highest
bidder for cash, at private sale, subject
confirmation by said CVt, on the
t.th day of July. PUS. at 10 o'clock
A. M.. all the ri;;ht. title, interest and
estate of the said minors in and to
all the certain lots, pieces or parcel of
land situate, lying and being -m the
County of Cochise. Mate of Arizona,
hounded and described as follows,
upon the following terms and condi
tions, to-wit:
Lots numbered Kit teen (131. Sixteen
(18 and Seventeen (17. in Block
numbered One (1. in the plot of
ground known as "r.ryan's Addition"
to the Town of Benson, County of
Cochise. State of .Arizona, and boiii
so described on the Official Map cf
such plot, together with all improve
ments on same; said lots being eac'a
fifty Cio) feet wide and one hundred
and fifty (i:n feet long:
Cash in hand, upon order of confirma
tion of said Court ol the sale thererf
and upon delivery of proper deeds
of conveyance thereto.
Bids must be in writing and may he
left at the off'ces of Kyle & Wri?ht,
Attorneys at Law. as shown by the
above address, or may be delivered to
;he guardian per:ially. or may be
filed in the office of the Clerk of the
Superior Court, at Tombstone, Ari
zona. Dated this ISth day of June. 1!US.
MRS. W. R. YORK. Nee Busenbork.
29S Guardian.
CARL'S CURE
OINTMENT
Trial Box 1 Oc
A mixture of healing sul
slanccs affording great relief in
cases of Eczema and Skin Irri
tations. FOR $XTERNAL USE RUB
IT IN
CARL'S CURE CO.
Box H'2:! Bi.-bee. Arizona
1 Jf 'wsn.NWTW
HERBt-riT GRI33LE PHONE 691
CIRCULATION DEPARTMENT.
Isn't This Product
Worth Trying?
You may wait twelve hour3
before baking, your oven
floor may vi-
v, brate, you may
; use unfamiliar
flours, yet
Crescent
Double Acting
Baking Powder
will raise the dough so per
fectly that you'll wonder
how you got along before
without this pure, whole-
some leavener.
i i
(B270
DONT FORGET
the
SYCAMORE GROVE
PAVILLION
hear the great Banjo players free
for all. Dancing in the evening, Saturday-Sunday.
June 15-16, also Tues
day, June 18. Six miles over the di
vide on Tombstone Road.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
INDEPENDENT
Contractor and Builder
Estimates and Plans Furnished
Wm. McDOUGALL
OPPOSITE LINCOLN SCHOOL
PHONE GREEN 723
j BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronago
PHONE 58
GOLDEN HOTEL
Every room with running water
and outside windows.
Rates by the day, week or
( month.
1
J
.1-
hUildUibioii
illllllllllllUJIIIIIUllilllllUiulUJllllB SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 18, 1918.
WEEKLY NEWS LETTER YOUNG
HEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
OF WARREN MINING DISTRICT
Mr. Richardson is in receipt of a
letter from former secretary Putnam,
written from the Clifton Springs Sani
tarium, of New York, where he is con
valescing from a severe nervous break
down. He wishes to be remembered
to his many friends here in Bisbee and
sends friendly greetings to all.
Word comes from Ft. Lcgan, Colora
do', from Mr. Mac H. Donaldson, ex
educational director of the association,
advising that he is now on the staff ot
the army "Y" at that pest. He sends
greetings to all of his many friends
and students around the association.
Beats the cars how the 8 o'clock
Volley Eall Club stays by the stuff
the warmer the weather, the more
they seem to enjoy the exerc:se.
Turing the last year The Man at
the Desk has been called to the phone
hundreds of times to answer one thou
sand and one questions in regard to
service in the army, the ship yards,
the Red Cross 'etc. In nearly nine cas
es out of ten he has been compelled
to answer "I don't know." Some peo
ple might infer that the "Y" secretar
ies were somewhat indifferent and did
not wish to be bothered. We desire to
take this opportunity to state that
this opinion is entirely erroneous. We
know nothing that would give us more
pleasure than to give out information
along these lines, but if we have not
Kaen ftrnishil with information in re
gard to these matters, how can we give
any out? Wiiat is neeaea in .me uis
trict at the present time is some een
tral point -where all those who desire
to render their service to the govern
ment in this hour of need can get all
necessary Information with blanks,
etc. Is it not possible to establish
such a bureau of information.
The association would gladly serve in
that capacity if the proper information
was forthcoming.
News Letter is glad to chronicle this
week the promotion of one of the mem
bers of the board of directors, Mr. Wm
Gidley, second vice president, ex-shift
boss of the Southwest, to the import
ant position of Safety Inspector for
the Copper Queen. Every one knows
"Billv" Gidley, and the association
members are unanimous in their praise
of this merited and deserved promo
tion. Mr. Al. Griffit, formerly carpenter
for the Copper Queen, is now Y. M. C.
A. War Work secretary and is located
at Douglas. Every Monday evening
Mr. Griffith conducts a service for the
colored soldiers at Naco. On last Mon
day one of the local secretaries assist
ed in the service at Naco and made a
short address. The program consisted
In gospel and patriotic songs, vocal
solos and the address. Following the
' formal service there were more songs
of every description, impersonations
and buck and wing dancing. The pro
gram came to a close about 9:30.
There is probably no question in the
mind of anyone about the plunge be
ing enjoyable these days. It is the
privilege of every member to take ad
vantage of a plunge in the cool water.
A special class for beginners to learn
the art of swimming is being conduct
ed three times a week, and in order to
empty the plunge twice per week this
class has been changed to meet Mon
day, Wednesday and Friday at 8:15 p.
m. Every member who cares to know
how to swim is privileged to enter this
class. The class is in charge of Taylor
McLean.
H. C. Smoot, teacher of chemistry
for the Y chemistry class, left last
Monday for El Paso. Mr. Smoot was
employed by the Copper Queen as a
chemist and he hopes to be assigned
to the chemical service corps with the
army. The association sincerely re
grets to loose Mr. Smoot fut we are
glad when we realize of what service
he may be to his country.
J. D. Dortch is visiting his mother
and friends at Davenport, Ky. Mr.
Dortch was a well known member of
the Y and was employed at the Calu
met & Cochise shaft. He writes to his
old friend T. H. Merrill as follows:
"I did not realize there were so many
pretty women in the world until I re
turned to Ky." However, he hopes to
return to Bisbee in a couple of months
Robson Pomeroy is a new arrival
from El Paso. Mr. Pomeroy Is now
.employed at the Gardner shaft. He
had the misfortune to have his right
forefinger mashed rather badly the
other day. In the meantime he is en
joying the big rockers and the phono
graph while recuperating.
; Geo. Ludwig, one of the Y's most
popular boosters for the last 14 years,
was a welcome visitor at the associa
tion on Wednesday. George has been
away from Msbee for several months
past and we are glad to see his famil
iar figure on the streets again. He
will remain in Bisbee only a short
time. In less than thirty days, sub
marines or no sub-marines, George will
be "over there" in France with W. H.
Brophy in the employ of the American
Red Cross, another patriot drawing
the enormous salary of $1 a year. The
Hardly a Drugstore in the Land
That Does Not Sell This Remedy
Pri the Market Half a Century.
"When you are in perfect health,
and are enjoying a strong and vigor
ous vitality, it is then that your blood
is free from all impurities.
You should be very careful and
give heed to the slightest indication
of impure blood. A sluggish circula
tion is often indicated by an impaired
association secretaries and its eight
eeu iiundred members wish him suc
cess in every way.
Vcrtice Watkins, son cf Bassett Wat
kins, is back in Bisbee after nine
months at the North Western Univer
sity in Chicago. Venice was a Fresh
man and sas he got along fine and
that if all is well he will return to the
University in September.
Henry Aiken has returned from an
eighteen day sojourn in Chicago where
he was purported to have gone as one
of the principal witnesses for the gov
ernment in the I. W. W. trial. How
ever, other witnesses who were in Chi
cago report that a major portion of his
time was expended in locking after his
own personal affairs especially mat
rimonially. Strange that such a con
firemd old bachelor, and with the r
utation cf a "woman hater" should so
suddenly be led astray by the fair sex
of the Windy City, but strange things
happen during war days. Henry is en
titled to congratulations.
The shower baths and the swimming
pool are busy scenes these days often
times so many in the plunge that it
looks like a solid mass of humanity.
Come on in, the water's fine.
No more educational clubs and class
es until the hot days are gone late
August or early September will see
the students on the job again. The
educational program will be materially
enlarged and hundreds cf men will
grasp the opportunity of helping them
selves up the ladder of success.
"The Wonder World" Is the title of
the most recent set of books added
to the Literary Table in the lobby. It
is almost a complete condensed library
in itself and will add hours of pleas
ure and information to the members.
It is not only a series of books that
will bring inspiration and recreation,
but it is a comprehensive collection, a
sort of an encyclopedia for ready ref
erence, alphabetically arranged by the
index, and topically by the contents,
whenever you wish to lock up any sub
ject. As a hand book, to which you
may go for rules of indoor and outdoor
sports and games, for facts concerning
birds, trees, flcwers, insects, etc. As
a manual with -directions for all kinds
of handcraft. The books will interest
you look them np.
John D. Rockfeller has just turned
over $50,000 worth of government
bonds, the proceeds to be used for In
dustrial Y. M. C. A. extension work.
No doubt young Rockefeller will spend
more of the oil millions than his fath
er. The ungrasped and undeveloped op
portunities before the association of
North America was the theme of the
Employed Officers' Conference just
closed at Springfield, Mass. The con
vention was largely attended by sec
retaries throughout the nation. Bis
bee regrets not to have been repre
sented, but shortage of help made it
impossible.
While in St. Louis recently. Secre
tary Richardson's attention was called
to a lady dressed in the garb, very
much In appearance to that of a Red
Cross nurse, who was telephoning at
the desk at the Railroad Y. M. C. A.
She was one of the many women work
ers now engaged in the army Y. M. C.
A. work and was one of five women
in charge cf the canteen at the Union
Station in St. Louis. The secretary
advised Mr. Richardson that she cculd
write her check for five million dol-1
lars and then have a balance in the
bank.
Gustav Ziprlck sends a card from
across the pond, now with PerFhing.
Ziprick was formerly office assistant
and will be remembered by hundreds
of the membership also many of the
Y. W. girls.
RHEUMATISM CURED BY
"NUMBER 40" OR MONEY BACK
Consult Central Pharmacy. Bisbfce,
Ariz., Lowell Drug Co., Lowell, Ariz.
Frank Staser, Newburgh. Ind.,
states: "I suffered with rheumatism
for several years and tried numerous
remedies with little or no benefit. Men
denhall's Number 40 was recommend
ed to me and I used in all six bottles
and am entirely cured. I cheerfully
recommend it to all rheumatic suf
ferers." We have instructed Central Pharm
acy, Bisbee, Ariz., . Lowell Drug Co..
Lowell. Ariz, to issue a guarantee with
three bottles of "Number 40" and if
you are not cured or satisfied, your i
money will be oheerfully refunded.
J. C. Mendenhall, 40 years a drug
gist. "Number 40" is employed in rheuma
tism, scrofula, blood poison, constipa
tion, liver and stomach troubles.
Jerome High grade gold-copper ore
has been shipped from the Little Cup- 1
rite Investment company. It averages i
15 per cent copper and from $25 to
f50 gold per ton. Six cars have been
dipped. 1
appetite, a feel ine of lassitude and a
general weakening of the system. It
is then that you should promptly take 1
a few bottles of S. S. S., the great
blood purifier and strengthened It
will cleanse the blood thoroughly and
build up and strengthen the whole
system. S. S. S. is sold by all drug- ,
gists. Valuable information about the
blood supply can be had free by writ
ing to the Swift Specific Co., 24 ,
Swift Laboratory, Atlanta, Ga.
LEGISLATIVE
DISTRICT PLAN
POPULAR HERE
Election of Representatives to
Lower House Would Be on
Basis of Population; Would
Not Reduce Representation
Among bills which will be initiated
for a vote at the election this tall none
is attracting more interest than the
proposed amendment to th.J constitu
tion for the purpose of districting lepis
lative representation. Petit inn circula
tors say that the bill is popular in
Cochibe county. A siinila.- bill, which
had one or two objectionable features
was only defeated two y,irs ago by a
small vote. It carried in nil of the pre
cincts of Cochise county. Th? pres
ent bill new has the Objcctionablo
features cut out.
The argument that will accomparj
the proposed amendment in the state
publicity pamphlet, is as follows:
"The proposed amendment- to our
state constitution providing for the
election of members of our slate leg
islature by legislative district is not
an innovation; it is in effect In many
of our states. It is based on the bame
principle and follows the same rule
that has been in effect since the
formation of our government in the
election of senators and representa
tives to our national congress. :Seu
ators are elected from the state- at
large, and representatives from con
gressional districts.
"In the proposed amendment he ap
portionment is so made, and it is defi
nitely stated, that no county shnll
have less representation in the state
legislature than it-has at present but
it provides for an increase in the rep
resentation when the population of
the cbunty justifies it. The constitu
tional provision now in effect doei not
make any allowance for increase in
representation with the growth of pop
ulation in this state. The proposed
amendment gives each county equit
able representation, and provides a
system of home rule by which every
section of the state can have its rep
resentation in the legislature, so that
each particular locality of 1500 voters
shall have a representative to look aft
er its interests.
"When you consider the diversified
resources of some of our counties this
feature of the amendment Is partic
ularly desirable. It is a means of se
curing the best qualified men in each
locality to become candidates for the
legislature, for the reason that in
small districts of 1500 voters, where a
man is known to every voter in the dis
trict, his qualifications to represent a
particular district In the legislature
will be the consideration with the
great bulk of the voters rather than his
political affiliations.
"The constitution of this state
grants women the right of suffrage
and this necessarily carries with it
the right to hold office. The legisla
ture is a fruitful field for the activi
ties of women interested in political
affairs, but it is almost a physical im
possibility for a woman to make a
campaign over a county larger than
an eastern state for the sake of being
elected to the legislature, which
meets for sixty days every two years
The election by legislative districts
make it possible for more women to
be elected to the legislature.
"The same argument appeals to the
average business or professional man.
H9 has not and will not give the time
from his business no matter what it
may be, to make-a campaign over one
of those large comities. Thus the
state is deprived of the services -of
men and women competent to make
our laws and appropriations for tho
conduct of our state government run
ning into millions of dollars. The
question ot who shu.ll represent you
in the legislauture is a serious one and
one deserving of more thought and
attention than it has heretofore- re
ceived from the majority of the voters
of this state.
"This measure is absolutely non
partisan. It makes no pretense of
changing the present method oi elect
ing state senators. Thers is no ad
vantage or disadvantage to any politi
cal party in electing the members of
the lower house of the legislature by
legislative districts as proposed in the
amendment. It is the very personifi
cation of representative government.
It gives the people the right to elect
representatives personally known to
thein. It- gives eevry section of the
state and each county equitable rep-
L J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
THE DOUGLAS ASSAY CO.
ASSAYERS CHEMISTS METALLURGISTS
AND ORE BUYERS
SPECIALTY RARE METALS AND ALKALIES
BOX 1031
1108 a Ave. DOUGLAS, ARIZ.
rcontn'inn, and c'.oes not permit the
more popnl't.. sor'tms to mine the
members of the legislature to exclu
sion of the less populous sections.
"There is no reasonable or logical
argument that can be advanced and
successfully maintained against this
proposed amendment. This amend
ment puts the control of the U-gisla-ture
in the hands of the people. Your
representatives will be responsible to
you, and you only."
The amendment reads as follows:
An act to amend Article IV of the
constitution of the state of Arizona.
lis it enacted by the people of th
state of Arizona:
That Section 1 of Subdivision 2 or
Article IV of the constitution of tho
slate of Arizona be and the same is
hereby amended so as to read as fol
lows: "Section 1. Until otherwise provid
ed by law the senate shall consist cf
nineteen members, appointed among
the several counties as follows:
.Apache county, one senator; Cochise
co.iiity. two senators; Coconino county,
one senator: Gila co'mtv. two sen-
r.iors; Graham county, one senator;
Greenlee county, one senator; Mari
copa county, two senators; Mohave
county, one senator; Navajo county,
cne senator; Pina county, two sen
ators ; Pinal county, one senator; San
t.t Cruz county, one senator; Yavapai
county, two senators; Yuma county,
one. senator.
"There shall be elected from each
county, at huge, the number of sen
ators to which such county is entitled,
and there shall be elected from each
county, in 'the manner hereinafter di
rected. one representative for each
1500 votes or major fraction thereot
cast in such county for the office ot
governor at the last preceding general
election, to be determined from the of
ficial canvass of all votes cast for all
candidates for such office of governor,
and provided that no county shall have
a smaller number of representatives
than that to which it is now entitled.
"Within twelve months from th3
time this amendment is declared
adopted, the board of supervisors of
each county entitled to more than one
representative shall divide such coun
ty into as many legislative districts as
there may be representatives to be
elected from such county, and each of
such districts shall be entitled to elect
one representative. Such division shall
be so made that the legislative dis
tricts within a county shall contain,
as nearly as may be, the same voting
population. Such districts shall be com
pact in form, and no such district shall
include non-continguous portions of
any county. Before establishing such
districts, the board of supervisors shall
give at least thirty days' notice of
their intention so to do, by publishing
the same in two successive issues of
some newspaper of general circulation
published in such county. The order
of the board of supervisors establish
ing such districts shall clearly and ex
plicitly define the boundaries thereof,
r.nd chall be entered at large on the
efficial records of the proceedings of
such board.
"Arv such county shall be re-districted
by such board of supervisors
not less than six months prior to each
regular election for representatives,
when by reason of the number of votes
therein cast for the office of gover
nor at the last preceding general elec
tion, it shall, be entitled to a greater
number cf representatives. In coun
ties entitled to but one representative,
such representative shall be electd
from the county at large."
Big Brother
Big Sister
BE A
"Help the boy (or girl) help.
Unc'e S;?m."
H:re is the way to do it:
Pick out an ambitions youncster.
fcledge him or her the first and last
stamps in a thrift card. By thi3
fji'-cent contribution you are not
on'y aiuiri the nation's cause, but
you are inculcating thrift in the
minds of the coming generation
and giving the children an active
interert in the war.
Sk-n the blank below and spnd
it to the Pig Brother and Sister
Editor of the Bisbee Review.
"I hereby pledge my assist
ance as a bi- brother or bii;
si'r to (number)
children.
"Name.
"Address
If you have no eh'Idren with
whom to play biz brother or bit?
sister, nil in the following b'ank:
"Please supply me with
names of children to whom I
r ay act as big brother or big
sister."
II P
u. o. n i mm
GARRY MORE SHOTS
II
The American infantryman in France
carries 100 more rounds of rifle am- !
munition on his person than does the ;
German soldier.
The American carries 220 rounds
an1 carries it with ease in the 10 poc
kets of his light canvas web belt and
his two bandoleers. The German sol
dier has only 120 rounds in his knap
sack, a weak feature, since he must
lose valuable time in securing it at a
critical moment.
American Web Belt Superior
American web belts are immeasur
ably superior to the German 'eather
bandoleers. Tin y are not affected by
prolonged rains, nor torrid weather.
They are serviceable and efficient in
any temperature. .
The manufacturer of web ammuni
tion belts is one cf the most intricate
operations in the texti'e field. United
States army belts are made almost en
tirely of cotton which Is waterproof
and will stand almost any amount of
moisture and will not shrink or :
stretch. I
The British equipment is of web '
Few realize that this is one reason
why, with inferior numbers, they have,
time and again, beaten off the enemy.
This was demonstrated in the early
days of the war, particularly in the
retreat from Mens. The large number
of cartridges carried by the British
soldier, coupled with the cheap cotton
supplementary bandoleer system oC
renewing his supply cf ammunition,
has served to counterbalance the enor
mous superiority of German troops
in point cf numbers on many occas
ions. Weight is 12 Pounds
The exact weight of the 220 rounds
carried by the American soldier in
France Is 12 pounds. With the Spring
field rifle 23 aimed shots can be fired
per minute. Firing from the hip
(magazine fire without aim) 40 shots
can be fired per minute. T,he new
United States model 1917 (modified
Enfield) does even better.
Firing point blank into German
waves as our troops have dene near
Amiens, pumping 12 shots a minute,
which any average shot can do when
aiming at a large mark, an infantry
man's ammunition is exhausted in IS
minutes. Assuming that the rapidity
of fire of the German rifle is equal
to that of the American rifle, which it
? net, the American infantryman, be
cause of his web equipment. Is better
by 8 minutes and by 100 rounds than ,
the German Infantryman.
RESERVE BANK OPENS
(By Review Leased Wire)
EL PASO. Tex., June 17. The El
Faso branch of Dallas regional reserve
hank was formally opened here today
and a banquet given for the officers
and visiting bankers tonight. Jud,-r i
W .F. Ramsey, chairman of the board j
cf directors of :he Dallas reserve bank, '
was here to attend the opening. 1
The branch bank will serve Arizona, '
New Mexico and western Texas. j
More than 1,000 persons were maiw
homeless at Jerome by a fire of un
determined orisin which swept thru
the Mexican district and destroyed
more than a hundred homes and sev
eral large rooming houses. One Mex
ican was burned so badly, it was said,
he would die.
ipim mil mm y
Now In Stock
TWO PACKARDS $500
ONE HAZELTON $500
TWO EMERSONS $450
ONE KURTZMANN $400
TWO CHRISTMANS $375
ONE HOMER $375
THREE BONDS $400
USED PIANOS
ONE GABLER $375
ONE CLARENDON $300
ONE SCHUMANN $300
ONE HARVARD - $125
TWO PLAYERS, $550 and $450
All above regular terms $25 cash, $10 per month.
NO INTEREST
Special Terms $ 1 00 cash and $ 1 0 per month
Cuts Prices $50 to $100 on Each Piano
Pianos for rent $3, $4 and $5 per month
W. MUIR
NEXT WELLS-FARGO
v
EFFECTIVE JUNE 15TH. 1918
FINAL LIMIT OCT. 3 1 ST, 1918
Los Angeles. Cal $47.10
I ong Beach, Cal 47.10
San Diego, Cal 48.70
GARNETT KING,
Genl. Pass. Agent,
El Paso, Tex.
EMIL. MARKS, MGR. LOWELL
Lumber, Paints, Oils, Wall Board
AND ALL KINDS OF
Building Supplies
The Best of Its Kind and the Price Is No More. Quality,
Service and Price All Three Right
GIBSON-HINES LUMBER CO.
J. W. F. SMITH
Manager
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The be.-t oi everythirtff at reasonab a la ca'e pnr
A Special 60c luncheon daily Al. 5; 00 rlinnei froi.
5:30 to 7:30 p. m Ryiilar Rord bv rr,. rnor.H. M
1 0 bv rhr wpfl
, ... . P-....
N
ROUND TRIP
Summer Tourist
Fares to
CALIFORNIA
The Body of
Our Paint
in pure white lead It is mixed with
nrpentlne or pure linseed oil a
wording to whether It U to be used
for in or outside work. There U no
grit In it; no adulterants to make
Its manufacture cheaper. Paint ex
perts always get their inpplie
here. Wouldn't it be wise for you
ro follow ki example.
CAR STOP PHONE
Phone 88
a
J
r
"V .1
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 18, 1918.
SEVEN
, l
J
Advertisements
Advertisements
Male Help Wanted
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. Schools, Los
AngeleB," about Auto, Radio. Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train tor service, 2CS
WANTED Boy for stock room. Ad
dress Box 547. Give full particu
lars. 1S2
iv t xTL'n cimrin man
to work on ranch. Royal Confection-
ary.
LEARN actual auto repairing, book -
. .
Keeping, shortaand, radio engineer
ing. xoung Jiens ennsuan ashw
ciation, Los Angeles. Catalog free,
230
i cmale Help Wanted
11 - D One lady in each town.
,j per day, to distribute free cir
culars tor concentrated flavoring in
tubes. Permanent position. F. E.
Barr Co., Chicago. 233
WANTED A girl for general house
work, two iu family. Mrs. K. C.
Hyde. Phone 77J. t-kJ
GOVERNMENT NEEDS 20,000 WO
MEN CLERKS at Washington. Ex
aminations everywhere Juiy 7. Ex
perience unnecessary. Women desir
ing government positions write for
free particulars to J. C. Leonard,
(former Civil Service Examiner.
1025 Kenois Bldg.. Washington. 275
WANTED Ten bright, capable ladies
to travel, demonstrate and sell well
known goods to established dealers.
$25.00 to $50.00 per week; railroad
fare paid ; weekly advance tor travel
ing expenses. Address at once,
Goodrich Drug Company, Dept. 131.
Omana, Nebr. 964
WANTED Girl to work in soda
fountain who speaks Spanish. War
ren Drug store. ' 263
Positions Wanted
WANTED House cleaning or office
work. Phone Call 492. z.-ii i
. . . - , . T . ... V L 1. 4 ., I
boarding house. Phone 819. 315
WANTED Position by young man ex
empt from draft. Can drive any
make car or truck; also some cler
icel work. , Box 429, Bisbee. 3t)6
WANTED Position by experienced
nurse. . Phone Blue 707. 229 I
tot S&ie
FOR SALE Large 4-room house;
with glass porch; cement walk
around house. 41 O. K. street. 746
FOR SALE Spaa, large, young mules
F. W. Donnelley, at Warren School
Box'874, Warren. ' 967
CLOSING OUT SALE Going out ot
business; Sale Open June bth, 1916.
We want to close out in side of 0
days. Please call in and see us.
New and Second Hand Furniture.
Chris Heikkinen, Furniture Store
Johnson Add. 2
SEED Choice, re-cleanbd, dwarf Milo
maize, also clean chicken feed. Call
at the Bisbee Mill, back of Toiuo
stone Canyon fire house, for inspec
tion and prices.
FOR SALE Furniture, of 3-room j
house; with privilege of renting j
house. Moon Canyon. A. A. Clouth-1
ier. Phone 63S.
165
FOR SALE Ford touring car; cheap
Call or phone blue 5SS. 621
FOR SALE 1918 Liberty Six, run less
than a thousand miles; a bargain.
F. J. Kccgk, Auto Upholstery and I
Paint Shop, Lowell. 211
FOR SALE One chair barber shop,
with side working board at low
prict. Party leaving for France. In
quire International Cigar Store,
Lowell.
303
FOR SALE Spring chickens, fryers.
H. C. Rolfe, Williams Hill. 299
FOR SALE; Furniture.
Tombstone Canyon.
63 Star ave..
FOR SALE One 4-cylindcr Henderson
motorcycle in A-l condition. Reason
able price. Slag Dump Garage. 19i
t Fi
FOR SALE Practically new modern
four-room bouse, basement, sheds.
two lots; furnished or unfurnished;
fifty chickens. A bargain if taken at
once. Cash or terms. Call Fearing.
Phone Red 743. :!jn
PETEY DINK You've Got
-: lion uvjti t.
- Tj TCcl;T--vTlEic.i
.t Vt-i,.
i njycoouo get
iiiJ li'l'roram-ii-i ?i.avc'5.
:-"p: '.OfAVT-0 oou.1!
uuAKtcn., AT
V -AC-t
'A
1 1
mh m i
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents
must reach .The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion In next morning s paper.
For Sale
FOR SALE Furnished 7-room houue
in Warren, all conveniences, large
lot, close to car line and postoffice.
Price $2,S75. Address E. J. Alesir,
Lowell. lit
FOR SALE Furniture of -1 rooms, j
Box 3521, Lowell, Ariz.
21)3
! vet a SALT Pinnn Hlmost new. a real I
bargain, rnone isiacK yum. u. t.
Rhodes. 2C3
; FOR SALE iieigian Hares, Newzefa-
I . .1 .1 .1 ......11 Hnkkilo '
ianu reus, uoes aim buiu muuiw- ;
, j. a, uruiiaru, ascu auhu.
j j -
FOR SALE Gossard Corsets, lrom $2 I
up. All corsets lined, ines warour-
ion, over Independent eea store
I
Pnone b41.
lab
SALE Kurniture
ot 3-room
apartment; aparimeui lor rent. io.
8 Boston Apartments. 22
FOR SALE Household furniture, 2
iron beds, sanitary couch, small
table, dining table, rug, six .chairs.
Apply Montgomery House, across
from postof tice, arren. 274
FOR SALE Bungalow in Warren.. 5
rooms and sleeping, porch, built-in
features. This bungalow is Just be
ing finished. Price $2,450, terms.
Inquire Phone Red 743. 255
FOR SALE Bargain. New $60 ma
hogany Victrola for $40, Including
records. Phone Red 425. 2S6
FOR SALE: Latest model Chandler
car. Practically new. Bargain.
Mike Plntek, Barkerville. 256
FOR SALE A new tent 12x12, 12 02.
duck. Phone Green 852, or 57 1-2
Brewery Gulch. 264
FOR SALE Two heavy oak office
chairs at a bargain. Apply Room
11. Sparks Clyne Bldg. 272
B'OR SALE One silver Coon cornet,
cost $75. Will sell for $30. Apply
Room 11, Sparks Clyne Bldg. 272
FOR SALE OR RENT Furniture of
24 rooms. Star Rooming House, oo
posite City Park, at Room 8. 273
For Rent
FOR S A LH Five-room modern house.
Boulevard stop. Warren. Terms.
Phone Green 712. 234
'FOR SALE Four-room house and
cabin; completely furnished. Van
Dyke St., Warren. C. A. Brandt. 238
FOR SALE Harley-Davidson motor
cycle, 1917model; practically new;
only boen run short distance ; in
good condition; cheap if taken at
once. Apply Hinkle Apartments,
lower floor between 5 and 8 p. in.
24S
FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms. 188 Naco Road. Call
Blue 562. 173
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping. Apply, James Riley,
114-A Higgins Hill. 171
FOR RENT Store room, with lari;e
basement. New I. O. O. F. building.
Apply Trustee E. A. Watkins, Secy.,
box 635. 12
' FOR RENT Three furnished house-
keeping rooms. Bath room, sleeping
porch. 105 Mason Hill, first house
Mason Hill car stop. 2S9
jfOR KENT Three rooms completely
furnished. Enquire L. E. Montgom
ery, Campbell street. vVarmr, after
6 p. m. -55
FOR RENT Four room furnished
house. Apply 47 Highroad School
Hill. $20 per month. 29J
RFN'T Three rooms furnished
lit..N 1 iniee rooms iuriiisii-ii
ton
for housekeeping, 102 Higgins Hill.
2';.!
FOR RENT Four room furnished
house for light housekeeping, "-ear
of Letson Kline building. See Col
lins & P.retherton. 277
FOR RENT Large front room with
kitchenette, newly furnished, wall
bed, upper Main .over Independent !
Feed store. 287 ;
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. 42 Jiggerville.
o- 1 !
.itl
IFOR RENT Two furnished light!
I housekeeping rooms, opposite Gib-!
son Hines Lumber company. Tomb- i
stone Canyon. 292 '
the Right Idea, Petey, Beat
MOTMIU' DOIU'T?
NOU'LI. UftT Pct.T
. : i - r ru
This PiAce Vorui Vr(-j3
oiz. the StviMep-
10 MOBqoV!
i. vr- i
i
i
For Rent
FOR SALE Buick Big Six 7-passen-ger,
1015 model, in first class condi
tion. F. J. Keogh auto upholstery
and paint shop, Lowell. 2.10
FOR RENT Two large, clean, furn
ished rooms; with pantry and front
porch. Sti Upper Lowell. See Mrs.
Cunningham, at McWhorters, be-
123
i -
FOR RENT 4tooiii house. S3 Young- j
blood Hill or Tammany Hall. 1a i
RENT One room furnished
cabin. Apply Mason Hotel, Lowell.
295
j y0l rent Four rooms furnished for
housekeeping to permanent tennant.
51 Jiggerville. No children.
297
FOR RENT Four furnished rooms,
piano, bath and sleeping porch. ti9
Mason Hill. ' 296
FOR RENT Two story building, with
. larrre basement, suitable for whole
sale bouse or storage and warehouse
business. In center ol Bisbee busi-
uesj uisliicu acui icjuuunuiD.
ply bis bee Dally Review.
642
FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping room, 23 Upper Lowell, in
quire 52 Upper Lowell. 'ill
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms, lights and wa
ter furnished. 61 Walsh avenue. 280
Furnished Rooms
FOR RENT Very desirable rooms
Allen Block. Apply to M. C. High.
1 -C
, . , . .
FOR RENT Furnished room facing
boulevard. Warren. Cement block
house, third from hospital car stop.
290
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms K3
Main street, Cottage Home. Phono
526. 29 i
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. 49 O. K. street. 2')2
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms.
No children. Inquire 31 Quality Hill.
FOR RENT Nice front room, bath, in
private family. Suitable for one or
two young ladies.
Phone 614 or call
22 Oak Street.
279
l OK RENT Bisbee Hotel, Furnished
rooms with running water. 352
MOOSE HOTEL Furnished
$2.00 per week and up.
rooms
377
FOR RENT Two cool, furnished
rooms., with large screen porch. No
small children. 101 Higgins Hill.
99
Miscellaneous
MADAME J. REA KEYS, St. Regis ho
tel, Lowell, Ariz. Phone 62. Clair
voyant and crystal reader. Dead
trance spirit medium, born with a
double veil, without asking questions
gives you dates, facts and figures,
and will read your entire life. 5115
' i
RAMSEY CANYON Big Dance. June
22. 1918. Good music and good time
assnrpn- Er-n-hiui. invltpri ;
r . '
Money to Loan
SMALL quick loans on your personal ,
noto to salaried men and women, ai- Kt0res, restaurants, hotels, and board
eo on furniture. Cox Loan Co. Room : i i1(); iJns. ami to do a ceneral mcr-
2, Lyric Theatre building.
ltifi i
Lost
LOST-Ilow glasses in case within two
... . . !
blocks ot end of Iombstonc canyon
car. Phone Blue C31.
. .
. ,
Wail teu
WANTED Sewing by the day.
825. Mr3. McQuade.
CiV,
, , I
9S8
WANTED Boarders an.l rooimrs.
Colorado House. Jiggerville. 291 I
j
WANTED Small furnished house;
with screen sleeping porch. No j
children. Closo in. Warren, Box
9S5. 2.0 i
W ANTED to se!l one good 50 pound
refrigerator. 67 Upper Lowell. 225
OLD CLOTHES bought. Phone 739.
5S5
'm to It.
M
Stolen
STOLEN If party that was known to
pick up handbag off counter at Fair
store will return it to the same place
no questions will be asked. If not
they will be prosecuted. 313
ECKMAN3
alcerbg
FOR WEAK LUNGS
w throat trouble tht thrtn to bcnm Uicn bliall oe Ueld on the t lial day ol
chronic, thin Calcium compound will bo june in each year belt-alter, and luej
found effective. The handirst form yet . ,.
d-viwd. Fr, from h.rmfm or habit- uaU hold llieir oil.ces UiU.i tueir but
formiiig drusa. Try them today. cessois are citCltd and iidaiuied.
SO cents a box, including war tax Any vacancy m me r.oaiu of Di-
For Mito hT n dram, r rectors may bo mied oy me remain
Kclunaa Laboratory, ruiladelnbia ! lag inemoeis ol Ine luuid by appoint
ment irom among tue stoctuioiders, '
uiwl kik'Ii aiiiiointment shall Ue lor tue ,
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF
NORTH TIGRE LEASING
COMPANY
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE
PRESENTS: That we whose bands
lar( afiivpii hereunto bcin? desirous of
j organising a corporation under tho
i laws of the State of Arizona, for the
lawful Piitmrise. business unci mm.
nation hrpmnf tcr iiiHniinni.il h:.v!of the affairs of the business of this i
this day associated ourselves together
into a body corporate, and do here -
by make, bign, acknowledge and adopt
the following Articles of lncorpora-
tion.
Article I.
The names of tne incorporators ot
tliis 4'iirnnration are J. P. ('i.nniillv
e aud postottice ad -
-
dress is Bisbee,
, Arizona; b. D. Hub -
; D:iit w hose residence' and postottice
I . . . . a - . ii
iauui ess u uuuB'a- A1 ".una, nana j
nu"rcs' viuuoo I""""'
i a.itrpa U rwmf ia. Arizniu; Hart -
weil Nowell, whose residence and post-
oiuce auuiess d.duco, muuim,
H. Fitzpatrick. whose residence and
postottice address is Bisbee, Arizona;
find W SJ Ilil.iinrA tL'hncA rpqiHpnrn
"
and Dostoffice address is Boston. Mas-
sachusetts. j rom time to time determine upon,
The name of this Corporation, andlan.. aurh nmc(,13 ..,a,. be eierted bv
by which it shall be authorized to
iransaci uusiness is, anu snau ue,
NORTH TIGRE LEASING COMPANY
Article II
The principal place of transacting
the business of the Corporation shall
be in the City of Bisbee, Comity of Co-
i chi.se. State of Arizona, but branch of-
fices may be kept and maintained at
sueh other places, either iu the United
States of America, or in the Republic
of Mexico, as the Directors may do-j
teru,il,e-
Article III.
The time of the commencement of
this Corporation shall be the date of
the issuance by the Arizona Corpora-1
tion Commission of a Certificate of In -
corporation to this Corporation and
the termination thereof shall be twenty-five
(25) years thereafter.
Article IV.
The general nature of the business
proposed to be transacted by the Cor
poration is as follows, to-wit: to pur-j
"
nL eVn
cease, locale, lease, oonu
v.H-"w ,
mortgage, lease or otherwise dispose,
of mines mining claims mineral lands.
real estate, timber lands, water, waier
... , . , , , .,. ,
rmh c nnH ill l;inrlc nn rrt na M-firV .
wise, acquire, own, exchange,
riehts and nil bind!:, and to use. work
mine, operate, explore and develop the
am.: to, Purchase, lease, erect, own
nd operate stamp or other mills
concentrators, crushers, smelters and
all other kind of reduction works; to j
buv, own, sell, exchange and deal in j
oreii sa!,d, gravel, lumber and all
(kinds of goods, and merchandise; to
OWn, conduct and lease supply houses
c?.utilc, manufacturing and nulling
business; to buy, contract, main
tain, lease and operate telegraph
and telephone lines, canals, roads.
"'""
rfKPrvm:-a tn hnrrnw iiiiiiiev nml to
i ... , -
;lve no,3 and bPntls thiefor n'l to
secure the same by mortgage or trust
j deed upon any of the property of this
'corporation: also to nurchase. actiuire.
own, sell, pledge or otherwise dispose
-ro- - - -
of the stock of this corporat.on, as well
as the stock and bonds of other cor-
Porations, and to do and perform all
things necessary to properly and fuliy
carry out the objects aforesaid within
the United States of America and the
Republic of Mexico,
Article V.
j The authorized amount of the rapi-
1111 s,ol;!' of tniH corporation f hall he
nc Hunrtrwl ami Mguty-seven 1 hou-
sand. Five Hr.ndrPd Dollars, ($187,-
500, divided into Seven Hundred and
FiftyThousand (750.00(1) shares of the
WW
!par value of Twenty-five (23c) cents;
euch, whichstoek may be issued in ex-i
change tor money, proporty, services, 1
or tne stock of other coi puiauons, ui
such times anil upon sum terms and ,
conditions as tiie Board ol Directors
mav determine, and tue capital stock
when so issued shall thereupon anil j
thereby be and become luiiy paid and
non-assessable, the judgment ol the Di
rectors as to the vaiue oi the property
purchased and tiie services lenuoreu
shall be conclusive.
Article VI.
The business ail.u: s of this corpora-,
lion shall bo conducted y a Uouid ot ;
Directors, consisting ot not loss man i
live la) nor more man seven ti ineiii
oe.s, eacu ol whom suau ue a bioci-1
noiuer ot this corporation. An ui-
lectors snail he eiecied annually ai !
ine regular annual ineeinig ol the i
tiockuoideis ol tins corporation,;
unexpired term tor which the appoint-
; meut is made.
I The Board of Directors shall have
; tne l'owur to ""l'1 b' laws and . lo
auienu anu lei-eai me same. lu uc.mo
the duties of ihe oiticers, agents auv.
clerks of this corporation, and to niaht,
11 n1118 auu ivbuwiiuiio uocaivu
' sary and proper lor ine management
corporation.
, 'Ihe following persons shall cor.sti-
i tu'e thu ilsl UoarJ ui D.rectois ot i
i this corporation: Jas. P. Harvey, J. P. i
'Connolly, F. D. Hubbell, Ilartwell No -
iwell, Frank J. Holmes, P. H. Fiupat-
ri.'li sinil U S Cilmnrc nnrl lhev sfuill
, ho,d their 0Ilicss unti til0 annual.
u 1. 1 ..1.1 .w . . I
meeting OL liio aiueauuiuaa ui luia tu.
! COration. to be held on the First day
; of jBne vn0
A majority of the Directors shall
constitute a ijuorum for the traasac -
t on o: business at any ot their meet-
. . .....
J t ,neeting at anv time alter the'
; commencement of this Corporation.
. Tne oficer3 of tllls Corporation snail ;
be a iresi(lent. Vice-President, Setre-!
. , .
tary ana treasurer, anu sucn ouier oi-
,;.. ,t. t! i r i.,...
tne Uoa,.a ot- Diiectors at their first i
i .-,, in f tn Krv for th. pnsu.mr vmi
; VC1 0rV,ce3 of Secretary and Treasurer
tne ouiceo oi secreiarj anu liL,s,urer
uiaj ue ueiu u) lac na.uu iinsuu.
Arix-e Vll.
The bigoest amount oi ir.ih.btedness
or liabiliiy, direct or contingent, to
which this coriioration sliall a any
' time subj-et itseit, shall be One Hun-
: dred and Twenty-five Thousand if J25, -
; 000) Dollars.
Artxie VIII.
! The private ,..opcrty of the stock
j holders ol tuis tm i-oration shall be
forever exempt from its corporate
: debts of every nature whatsoever.
Article IX.
: These Articles ot incorporation may
i be changed or amended at any regular
nieetine of the stockholders, or anv
special meeting thereof called for that
iFurpose, by an affirmative vote of a
; majority of the stock then issued, pro-!
vided at least thirty (3d) days notice
in writing of such proposed amend-
I ment to the Articles of incorporation ;
8haU be Kiven to the stockholders of j
tnis corporation.
WIXESS WHEREOF, we have
h 8et our hjMdl, anU lUis
. . , " ,, ' ,' ',, .
Thirty-tirst day of May, A. 1)., 191s. ;
" J 3 .
F. I). HUBBELL.
FRANK J. HOLMES,
(seal) W. S. GILMORE,
P. H. FITPATRICK.
J. P. CONNOLLY,
HART WELL NOWELL.
st.itr fiv AK1.OVA i'n!'TV ui.'1
COCHISE, ss. j COCHISE COUNTY, STATE OF '
Before me, Viva L. Johnson, a No- ARIZONA,
tary Public, in and lor the County of I In the Matter of the Estate of Daniel
Cochise, Slate of Arizona, on this day Hartley. D-ceastd.
personally appeared F. D. Hubbell,,' NO'llCE OK HEARING PETITION.
Frank J. Holmes and W. S. Gilmore, Notice is hereby given that Annie
known to me to be the persons whoso ; Hanky has tiled m this' Coari -a cer
cames are subscribed to the foregoing ! tain document parpoiUng lo ho .he
instrument, and separately ucknowl- ! ilaiiley tos-..;;c:' with his petition
edged to ine that they executed the pr.;yin that .lid document he admic
same for the purposes and considera- ; ted to piooute in this Court us the
tiona therein expressed. , last Will and Testament oi said Daniel
Given under my hand and seal of i ll.uiley who, said pctit'otwi- alleges, is
office this 31st day of May, A. D., 1918. . deceased, aad that letters le.s.a.uen
VIVA L. JOHNSON, , tary isode threou to .as Id peiilioaor,
Notary Public; in and for the County jtnd thai same will be huurd on Satur
of Cochi.-ie, State of Arizona. :iay, the 2uth day of .June, A. D., 191S.
My Commission expires Nov. 30, , at 10:o0 oV!ocn iu thj forenoon m
1921. (. Notarial seal) i said day at the court .ociu n said
STATE OF ARIZONA, COUNTY OF Court, in the Cou:t House, in the tiiy
COCHISE, ss. oi Toiabstv.ne, County of Cochise,
l: fore me, II. E. Dugan. a Notary ; Stale of Arizona, and all persons iuter
Pub'.ic, in and for the County of Co-; ested in said f.-tale are iioti.'ii d tiit-u
chise.. State of Arizona., on this day , and there to appear and thow c:ium-, if
personally appeared, J. V. Connolly, any they hav why iii-s pru ;.'r of said
Hart well Nowell and P. II. Filzputrick, po'iliontT should not be granted,
known to me to be the persons who.-,'.- ' J. E. JAMES,
names are subscribed to th' foregoing ' JAS. A. IVEY, ClerK.
instrument, and s'parately acknowl-- D. pj,ly Clerk,
eded to me that they executed tho Dated Jdne 12, 1918. 20o
ay-
yT -(Tl) r s
NOU CAM'-C-m.CVMAt AV I EMEHl- i
l ne-yj uo to -me, j (yb x , t y t &
Placis. iw a, rr xSv
Cooptr Moutn?; vvl i - y if ;
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal orcier in the Warren District; giving the essential
farts of each, their meeting nights. th;r officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings In these columns. '
CALEDONIAN SOCIETY
meets first and
third Thursdays
of rat i: month in
Methotii.U Hall,
School Hill. Na
tives and de
s c n d a nts of
of .S.oMand cordi
ally invited,
vid.tnt. box 136.
n -
!V
K ,V
THOS. Jil'.Vi', i'
M. .MAINLAND, Sectary.
BISBEE LODGE. NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
.vleeis every Friday
night. .Moose Hall.
, isitin;; brothers cor
.luliy invited.
U. 1. GLEASON,
Dictator.
KAY ROSS, Secy.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
i UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
j DREADNAUGHT.
U O. L, NO. 21 a
and third
MONDAY at
7:20 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordiailv
Invited to at
tend. .ft,
Si rvVV? &
; if
1 Wm. T. SMITHaN, W. .M.
i ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
! P. O. BOX 426. BlBDCe.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERiCAN
YEOMAN
Rlch&ii 1, Homestead 835. meets
: second and lourth Tuesday at Odd
; yellows' haU. VisiUng Archers are
,..,,., iniiiBr
tordia.iy lu.iiec.
MRS. 0 C. F1NLAYSON, Ftreman
P. O. Box 152S.
E. D. ST1NSON, CorreapondenL
Box H9IJ.
c . ,irirjr no 10 i O O F
. BIS3EE LODGt, NO. 10, u. w. r
meets ever)
WEDNESDAY.
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall.
i . . . .
Mu'a ireeU 81 ,, J . .
nrothurs cordially invited to attend.
Hail pnone 119.
j H. K. TaYLOR, N. G.
CAkJj y Secretary,
PYTHIAN SISTERS
ri'v Teniile No. 'i meets every 2nd
' and 4'h Thursday, evening of each
' month at Odd i'eilows HaU. Visiting
' sisters are cordially invited.
i MINNIE BLUM. M. E. C.
; I iione Black sal.
' IDA GLuVZE, M. of R. C
i
! same tor me iia.uaea ana cous.dtra-
i lion therein expressec.
I Given under my hand and seal oi of-
j Lee this 1 day of May, A. D., Ijli.
H. E. DUG AN,
Notary Public, Cochise County, Ari-
I zona.
My Commission expires Feb. 16lh,
192i.
Filed in the oftice
t .Notarial beat)
e of tne ARIZONA
CORPORATION CU.ujhs&iu.n this i
day of JUNE. A. D.. ISIS, at 10:uu a.
..... at ren st of Mcr A.tLAND &
w , M ..s ,..,,,,- .,(,. irtrirPM
SsAMjWj, hoe postomce aauress .s
.. ....
MMISSION this 3
I UOUGLAS. AKI.ONA.
AK1.ONA CORPORATION
COMMISSION
1 By F. A. JONE3.
Chairman.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT O."
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS.
Meets In Medigovlci
Hall every Tuesday
night. Visiting brother
S. F. BENTON, Councillor.
J. L. BENTON, Recording Secretary
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Rath bone Lodge No. 10.
Kxlghts of Pythias,
meets each Thursdav
(except second) in Odtf
FeUows' HaU at 7:3
p. m. Visiting brotuor
cordially Invited.
p- id
LEON H. RICE, a C
I
FARL SOBLEY. K. of R.
LODGE NO. 671.
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month Visiting brothers
cordially Invited to attend.
JAd. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler.
R. J. KELLY. Secretary.
KNIGHTS AND LADIE8 OF SECURI
TY, BISBEE COUNCIL NO. 2115.
Meets every second and fourth Sat
urdays in the month at L O. O. F.
Hail. 7:30 p. in. Visiting members axe
cordially invited.
ARNOLD SCHMID. President.
P. O. Box 3483. Lowell, A.'l.
FREDERICK J. ATTAWAY.
Secretary. LowelL
E. LINDQCIST. Financial Secretary,
P. O. Box 3246. Lowell
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Lowell Camp No. 46 will
meet every Wednesday
at 7:30, Brophy NalL
F. C. SAXBY, C. C;
O. B. THOMAS. ClerK.
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN UTAH.
meets in Masonic Hal
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
in Masonic Hall second ano
fourth Tuesday of eaci
month at 7:-0 p. m.
M Us. EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43. Bisbee.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Secy, P. O.
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com,
Phone 1CL
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES.
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. G. E., meet
Mrst aad third TUESDAYS, s p. a
Eagle. Hall. Visitors cordially wet-;
come. -
J. F. W1LMOTH. President
F. C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
C. u. EDMONDSON, Aerie Physiciaa
FRATERNAu
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
I mm h-
""v Sj Of
- - P. vii-
Jj1 i'.isbee Lodge No.
meets ue ii
and 3rd Mondays
each month at
30 at Medigo
vich Hall. Visit
ing members cordially Invited.
B. F. MOSS. President
MRS. C. E. FINOTTL Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
HONORA MUNCH, Secretary,
lox 1621.
MOuERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA,
----y Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Xlif Meets first Tuesday at
Ti, odd Fellows' Hall.
f?yi Clerk.
V rri
WEEK E.. .1 C I Ni: SIS.
Mouda
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Commandery.
W. W. GIDLEY. W. M.
B. T. WATKINS. Secy. F. & A. M.
.7. W. TO LAND. E. H. P.
C. F. rillLBROOK, T. L M.
F. V. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
By C A. VOIGHT
mm
CM.. EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 18, 1913.
City Briefs
a
Has anyone visited you? Or'
have you entertained? If so, call
The Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
IN BISBEE.
Prof. Milton McWhorter. an oil man
from rhoeiiix. stopped in Hisbee for a
few days on Lis way to I-os Anseles.
VISITOR FROM EL PASO.
Miss Ada Robinson of El Paso is
visiting this week with her sister, Mrs.
J. F. I Clack, at her home in Warren.
FROM PHOENIX.
Mrs. A. B. Eads of Phoenix is spend
ing a few days in the district and is
registered at the Copper Queen hotel.
ON REGULAR TRIP.
Walter T. Fife, the Los Angeles hide
buyer, is in the city on one of his regu
lar hidep urchaing r!ps and will
ship a couple of car loads from the
district during the coming week.
The bids are to be opened in Tomb
stone on July 1.
SHOULD BE CAREFUL.
Every man who registered on June
5 should see to it that he does not
lose his registration card, cautions a
draft official. Possession of a regis
tration card has come to be accepted
.is positive identification of its owner.
A good way to insure its return in
case it is lost, the official advises, is
to write name and address on the
reverse side. Then nlace a 2-cent nost-
I age vtanip in the upper right hand
corner. If lost, the finder will proi-al-ly
drop it in the nearest mailbox.
CENT
RAL THEAT
Era
TODAY-
COMMENCING 6:30
-TODAY
NEWSPAPER MAN LEAVES.
H. D. Rcss, Jr., city editor of The
Review .for the past three months, has
resigned his position and gone to San
Antonio, Teaxs, where he has a place
cn the Express: of that city.
ADVERTISING FOR SUPPLIES.
That there is to be no delay in the
starting of work on the Bisbee-Doug-1
las road is evidenced by the .fact that .
the highway commission is advertising
fcr bids of the grading of the read to
be opened on Saturday next and at the j
same time are to open bids for the
furnishing of ?ement and culverts to
be used on the road. The first of j
July should are the contractors' at ,
work on the three different stretches
of the road. i
ffM. j;riifinititiMi!mi v iifHmifir?imtmmnfrt;
wm jiiiiiiiiiiF r , vciJHJiL' UKiiiwui owl
4
AMBASSADOR
JAMES W.GERARDS
DuoctoA hy Villlwiynpv.
Last ! ime 1 oclay
AMERICA'S MOST SENSATIONAL PHOTO DRAMA
THE MAN WHO DEFIED THE KAISER
AMBASSADOR
FROM HUACHUCAS.
J. Milton Ashton, of the Tungsten
Copper company, was in the city yes
terday on a short business trip, fie
reports continued activity at his camp
In the Huachucas.
BACK TO OLD HOME.
Mr. and Mrs. M. M. Miller, who have
resided for the past two years in War
ren, left Sunday for their old home in
Washington, D. C. They sold their
property n Warren. Mr. Miller ex
pects to enter the army.
STATIONED AT MARE ISLAND.
Vivian Muirhead who enlisted in the
United States marine corps and left
a couple of weeks ago for California,
has passed all his examinations and
is sta-icned at Mare Island, Cal , where
-e expects to spend three months m
training. -
CIRCULATING PETITIONS...
Mrs. E. Kerr, sister of W. A. Fowler
of Tombstone, and Mrs.,, Gertrude C.
Lake, also of Tombstone, are in the
city for a few days and are circulating
petitions for the purpose of institut
ing a law giving the state control of
the federal land leases.
HAS RETURNED. j
Major F. E. Shine has returned from i
Chicago where he went to attend the !
meeting of the doctors at the head of!
the state examining boards through-1
out the United States. They were in
session for three days and the major-;
ity of the states were represented, j
He states that the meeting was a very j
instructive cue and that hereafter the j
examinations in the various states will ;
be more uniform than they have been
in the past and that there will be ;
fewer rejections in some states than I
there have been in the past. I
MY POUR YEARS XR(1
iV
6 My
W. GERAR
D'S
See Why
We Are at War
See Why
Our Boys Are
In France
in- iaermanv
5?
The Most Startling Motion Picture Reproduction of Facts Ever Shown
A GUARANTEED ATTRACTION, WELL WORTH THE PRICE DCNT FORGET YOUR LAST OPPORTUNITY TO SEE THIS
GREAT PICTURE
OPENS PLEASURE RESORT.
Mr. and Mrs. A. R. McCauley, old
time Cochise pioneers, have opened a
pleasure resort at the old stage sta
tion, some four or five miles over the
civide on the Tombstone road and
GENERAL ADMISSION, 25c WAR TAX, 3c
LOGES, 50c WAR TAX, 5c
nrnmntlv o n 1 u-Ith mi1slr Tvnrt Viail t V) o I nolohrfl t ( nn wnHriv nf trio fllctr1rt nn l
propose to conduct it during the aum-lfire UT)der contro, before damage of the time. This nation, as at the
Jv,yovCa.L i" a P ml,l I "ad been done to any other part of I time of its first Fourth of Julyis en-
the building. The fire started in the I gaged in a strugglcw for existence.
THROUGH TO TUCSON.
John W. Walker and wife were pas
sengers through Osborn Sunday even
ing on their way to Tucson from a
trip east, where Mr. Walker was called
to take the depositions in the case of
Hoviland vs. Smith. Mr. Walker was
formerly court reported at the superior
court in Tombstone.
MAY LOCATE HERE.
H. A. Collins, an attorney at law,
is a recent arrival in the district and
may decide to locate lure. He has
been located at San Diego for some
time but has to remove from there .on
account of the illness cf his daughter
who must seek a higher altitude. He
was at one time located at Globe.
WAS IN CITY.
Supervisor John Rock of Tombstone
was in the city yesterday pn a short
business visit. He was on his way
to Douglas and stopped over here to
shake hands with some of his fr'ends.
He states that water Is becoming
scarce on the Bubocomari creek where
he has a ranch and that rain is badly
needed in that section of the county.
THROUGH TO DOUGLAS.
A C. Karger, clerk of the board cf
supervisors, was in the city yesterday
on his way to Douglas, where he goes
to deliver the $500,000 Cochise county
highway bond to the Phelps-Dodge
company at its office there. The bonds
have been signed by Chairman Nance
Johnson cf the board and by Mr. Kar
ger, the clerk. There are 500 of the
bonds fcr $1000 each.
ON WAY TO TEXAS.
Attorney J. T. Kingsbury of Tomb
stone was in the city yesterday on his
new. The Sycamore, and plan a big
barbecue there July 4. A large crowd
took advantage of the Opening Sunday
-nd scent a happy time under the
trees, many taking their lunch with
them. .
INSPECTOR WANTED.
An examination for mounted Inspec
tor in the immigration service will be
held at Bisbee, July 13. The salary
is $100 a mopth, with sxi allowance o'
$ i) a 'lonth for ma"ntenance of mourt.
Application Mark r.iay he had from
the secretary of il-e civil tcnict- com
mission. Miss Anna Hampsen at the
postoffice. Applicants for the posi
tion should be capable of line-riding
a Ion tr the Mexican border, must speak
Spanish, possess Initiative, resource
fulness, discretion, and good character.
The age limits are eighteen and forty
five years.
FROM TOMBSTONE.
William Kuckenbecker and wife, L
F. Kuckenbecker and wife, and Vom
Cowin. formed a party of Tombstone
residents that spent Sunday evening
in the district, having driven over
from the county seat. With the road
in its present condition it makes a
nice evening drive between the two
cities. With the opening up of the
balance of the new grade within the
next week or ten days a most excellent
road will be had. The drive then be
made in an hour without any extra
effort.
EMANCIPATION DAY JUNE 19.
The colored people of the Warren
district propose to celebrate Emanci
pation Day in real style this year with
a big affair at Highland park. They
are hoping for a half holiday at least
on that day and have an elaborate
nrcersm planned for the dav in which
way to Ft. Sam Houston, Texas, where j sepking. music and dancin" will all
he goes to visit with his brothers for: have s. part. The Bisbee Friend in
a fe tv days before they leave for duty i yrd soWy of the district have
"overseas." i!e has not seen them rhfrce of the celebration a,nd will do
AFTER BUSINESS.
Tommy Sutton, the Bishop Candy &
Cracker company representative of
Lcs Angeles, is In the city on one of
his reglar trips. He is enedavorluT on
this trip to place a car load of wheat
less crackers and cookies with the
merchants o fthe Warren district. Ha
has samples of the goods and these
premise to take the place of the wheat
goods. He states that the war restric
tions are cutting the sales of candies
and crackers that were in former great
demand. This will be the last trip ho
will rake before fall.
rear of the shop. The damage was
about $1500. Tbo entire building was
filled with smoke and for a time it
looked as though the entire building
was on fire judging from the smoke
that came out form all the windows
snd doors.
SURVEYORS AT WORK.
Surveyors for the Cochise County
Highway commission are now at work
getting data on the Tombstone to
Pima-Cochise county line and as soon
as it can be done bids will be called
for that section composing the Tombstone-Benson
part, about twenty-eight
miles and work will be rushed to com
pletion. There will be rushed to com
pletion. Theer is very little work to
be done west of Benson and none that
is heavy work. The hill just out of
Benson will be cut to a grade that is
easy and without curves. Surface ma
terial from Benson to the Cochise-
1
The Fourth means more this year than
ever before. Hence a unanimous de
cision not to allow ths day 10 pa.-s
without fitting ceremony, a commit
tee was named at the meeting to con- j
fer today with tho Commercial club at
2 o'clock upon further plans for the i
celebration. The committee Is com-
posed as follows: C. S. Wilson, ehair
n:an; Sam Frankenburg. Thos. Cov- !
perthwaite, J. J. Dougal, Cullen A. j
"ain.
EAGL
ATR
TODAY-
CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11
TODAY
AUTO CLUB INDORSES.
The Warren District Auto club is
out with an endorsement of the new
Tombstone-Charleston route for all
Warren district people going to Ham
se, Garden canyon and Fort lluacliuea
in the Hnaehuca mountains. The rea
son of this is that in the event of
"he Banichend Military Highway as
sociation choosing the southern route
SAY, LOOK HERE!
HAVE YOU A PAIN, AN ACHE, OR FEEL DEPRESSED?
YOU WANT A CURE?
Come and see
DO
WAL
SH
which now seems the idea of close
t'ima line is mosii aecomposeu granite ooserveis men tne rort win be rcacnej i,
and easily worked.
IMPORTANT MEETING.
The meeting of the Central parent
teachers' association, to lie held to
night at 7:30, at the Horace Man, jr.,
high school is to be one of the most
important to the parents of the dis
trict All the parent-teacher associ
ations, every parent, and everyone in
terested in the young girls of Bisbee
and the dangers cf their being on j
the streets at night, are urged to be ,Mrrrv
presenL Tho city marshal, members LrUlINlO IIN l I I
by a spur "and that spur will be either
; from Tombstone via Charleston or Tur
ner. If the Dankhead Military High
way "association choses to go to Tur
son via Henson then the spur will run
to the fort from Tombstone. The road
from Tombstone to Fort Huathuca via
Charles-ton. Iturna and Overton is go
ing to be one of the best dirt roads
in the county, the surfacing is mostly
.j nn;A ..,.11..:,-.
the San Pedro river to the fort. I
And His Big 400-Pound Bear "Bruin"
IN A 6 ACT PICTURIZATION OF
.1
Mm mmm
ck-rr
of the city council, the probation of
ficer, and members of the Y. V. C. A.
social extension service will take part
in the discussion. A very good musi
cal program is also arranged and a
very interesting program is assured.
POLICE COURT
Judge I'cgan had a number of eases
up before him yesterday morning as t
result of the number of nrrpsts made
by the police officers on Saturday and
S mdav nights.
WANT VARIOUS MEN. Tonv Blanco and Robert Cochran
The local navy recruiting office has w-rc uu f0r allowine ea-ublins games
sent out the S. O. S. call for men in to he played in their business houses
the following trades. end released on suspended sentences.
Magneto manufacturers, auto elec-' Two colored women were up lor
trkir.n, electrician, motor, skilled me-: fnUdtlr.g on the streets. This is.be
chanics, automobile road testers, taxi I ginning of a crusade that is to be stmt
drivers, truck drivers, plant electrici- ed but the police officers and a num
ans, electrical repair men, electireal j her of women are already under thj
mechanics, jobbing machinists, expert j watchful eye of the officers and furt.h
press operators, expert die manufae-1 er arrests will be made. One wonn:-.
(Adapted from the Saturday Evening Post Story)
THE FUNNIEST PICTURE EVER SCREENED
Don't Miss It!
for some time and U.ey expect to leave
that place within tue coming week.
Mrs. Kingsbury will remain Iitc on a
visit to ber mother, Mrs. C. W. Ilicks
while he is gone.
FROM EL PASO.
William Leggett, a former Bisbee
youth, but at present an El Paso real
estate owner, is spending a few days
in the district renewing old acquaint
ances. He was raiaed in focatee
county and later went to Cananea
where he operated a garage until the
camp was closed down by the Villa
bandits and then he went to El Paso
where he has since been making his
home. He has large real estate in
terests there at the present time.
NEW QUESTIONNAIRES.
According to advices received by the
Cochise county draft board, those who
filled out questionnaires at the time
they registered on the Hth of June
will now be required to fill out another
questionnaire. The government has
issued a new one that requires addi
tional information that was not in
the former blanks. The registered
Fhould see that they get their ques
tionnaire in order not to get in bad
with the government.
everything possible to make it a fine
success. The public generally is invit
ed to attend the afternoon and night
exercise. The program will appear
in The Review tomorrow morning.
SAFE IN FRANCE.
According to word received here yes
terday, Ernest C. Davis, son of M. C.
Dais ard wife of this city, has arrived
safe in France. He Is with the 113th
fiald artilery He was not of age at the
time of the first registration but was
anxious to go so he registered as 21
years old. The first contingent was
short when it was sent fro:n here and
he went to fill up the ranks. He was
not 21 years old until March of this
year. His parents were willing he
should go when he displayed such a
desire and they made no objection. He
Is with the Thirtieth division. By this
news it will be seen that the majority
of the Cochise county contingent is
now in France,
BIDS FOR NEW JAIL.
The board of supervisors are adver
tising for plans and specifications for
the building of a new jail in this city.
The building will be erected on the I pound Alaska bruin
AT EAGLE TODAY.
What would you do, If after a night
at the cabarets you discovered a big
bear In your bath room and it dawned
upon you that you had bought the
animal for a "pet?" This may happen
to you this is the age of surprises
so you are advised to see "Jack Spur
lock Prodigal." at Eagle theatre to
day, where George Walsh the William
Fox star, as young Spurlock, solves
the problem of disposing of the 400'
turers, press products inspectors, tool
maker, boring mill operator, milling
machine operators, shaper operators,
grinder operators, gauge, die and fix
ture makers, small lathe operators,
vertical boring machine operators.
metal finis.hers, automatic screw ma- j
chine operator, bench hands, filer, buf- j
fer and polisher
MAKING GOOD SHOWING.
for whom the officers were looking
made her escape to Douglas. S'ie will
be placed under arrest should she re
turn. J. P. Deecan, who was found in a
drunken condition, was tried under a
rhanre cf disturbing the peate ?nd
,.. fnjj $50. WhMi he was arrested
the officers found an I. W. W. car l in
his iosFes(on and also other litera
ture of that organization. He found
i a irieno wno loanou mm a ou liuiti
g Admission: Children, 10c; Adults, 15c. Reserve Seats, 25c. This Includes War Tax.
Development work continues along, H h , , , MUrt for
most promising lines, so the under
ground wire reports, at the Phelps
Dodge properties at Tombstone and
it is said another new shaft will soon
be started on the Prompter claim. The
fact that copper 'anywhere from one
half to 2 per cent shows up In the
manganese ores now being opened up
gives many hopes for the belief that
with the depth the work will develop
copper Just below the water level. The
company never makes any statements
for publication and the newpaperman
has to root around to get any dope on
th situation here but there is most
optimistic feeling in the air as to the
final outcome of the Phelps Dodge
properties there.
REPUDIVTES BISBEE MARRIAGE.
Pretty Marie Monteverde. widely
known and popular in Nogales' young
er set, through Attorney S. F. Noon,
has filed suit for $55,000 in the supe
rior court there against Jose M. Del
gado, former Meixcan consul, and trip
per to the light fantastiq. aleging
breach of promise. The case is one
of the most unusual on record in Ari
zona or in any other state, as far as
is known. The girl was induced to
marrv one Enriquez Gonzales in this
city in April of this year as a proxy
for Delgado, it is alleged In the com-
his fine, so that the city now has a $50
Liberty bond.
There were a number of other up ;
for disturbing ;the peace and were (
fined in amounts ranging from $15 to
$50.
IS IN TUCSON !
L..YRIC
THEATER
TODAY-
TODAY
ELUE BIRD PRESENTS
HERBERT RAWLINSON "
IN THE GREAT AMERICAN PLAY
IN FIVE PARTS
BRACE UP
W. H. PRODUCTIONS CO. PRESENTS
Wm. S. Hart in "The Fugitive"
IN TWO PARTS
G. F. Langhlin, geologist of the
United States geological survey, in
charge of rare metals passed through
Tucson recently on his way to north
ern Arizona, to inspect some promis
ing ccurrences of porous basalt such
as Is being sought for the building of ;
concrete ships. While in Tucson lieil be sevcra, thousand dollars.
arranged to have the Arizona bureau I
of mines make all the preliminary j NOTICE
tests and field examinations of Ari-
zona material before it is nroiitni io
MUTT AND JEFF
Current Events The news of the world in motion pictures
205. kin. Light on any subject by clalrvoy-' many local people. Sample box 10c,
' ance. If sick, a free diognosls. If In I postpaid. Full size box. &0c. Address
trouble best advice. Locates mineral. Carl Cure Co., Box lO'JJ,-Bisbee, Ari
! t'lrul honuc smith nf hriil? between i zona. 23
the attention of the I'nited States
Parties located in Bowie Oi district , Jo fcnson Addition and Lowell. Adv.
i ly C. C. McCoy will meet at Overlock's t
night, June l'Jtn,
geological survey at Washingon. Con
siderable interest
in the search lor su
t.i.nnn hY-n'-nailfir(E hilt little tl'IS
o..d ! which will answer all r j X F- DAVENPORT.
has been evidenced , 2M, . V"e,'IIMdajr
suitable material by , .V.J! ,
BISBEE OIL & DEVELOPMENT CO.
qulrements rnd Ariztnans are aske.i
to continue the search wi'h renewed
vigor.
Temporary Secretary.
nrt j
ATTENTION ODD FELLOWS
I r. w. I'anneney. urns contractor;
- . - hauling n.nd, gravel, uiri a specialty.
JOE KRILONOVICH SELLS , Fhono red 84S. 628
Joe Hrilonovlch of the Busy Bee.
sold the furniture of his home through ' ROCKH ILL'S STAGE
C. II. Hogan Heal Estate agency below Blsbo-Tombstone, Leaves Blab
t opper yueen noiei. ana leases i"- Blibe Auto Co.. 7 a. m.. 1:30 p. m, 7
0I , Phnna Rlahjua S At
night for California.
i
AdT.
Mr. Bear makes plaint. Delgado, who Is said to hav
ground adjoining the city hall on the 'it Interesting for the Harvard faculty ; trifled with the affections of a score
east. The huiiding will be so con- jand his young owner before he Is got- or more Noeales girls, repudiated the
structed as to provide room for the
office ot the justice of the peace and
a room for the use of a jury. The
maximum amount of money allowed
to be expended is $310,000.. A premium
of 3 per cent will be aiiowed to the
architect whose plans are accepted.
ten rid of.
proxy marriage. He Is now "some
where in Mexico.'
Business Locals
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath. 98 Maaon Painter and Paper Hanging
ORPHEUM THEATRE
CHANGES HANDS
firf noFO nMAr.F Tne orpneum meaire was imm ,
i. fir irm. wo. ..eH in lat FOR CELEBRATION. Thursday through C. H. Hogan Heal KNOW THY SELF
nihi nhnni ui 'tn SH hv hb7 in At a meeting of the Business Men's Estate Agency, below Copper Q-',eetl Worta thousands of dollars to under
the Goodvear Shoe shop in the Allen j Protective association held yesterday. hotel, to Nick Dlamos of Tucson. Con-;stand thy sifts and talents. (Set a immediate relief by using this won-
block. Th efire department responded 1 it was decided to hold a Fourth of July siderathui not given, but understood to reading cr life chart from Mrs. Lump- derful remedy. I sed and endorsed by
All n..inliura if T O O P 'n 111
and visiting members are requested , Mm. M.on car nop. raon.mu.,
to meet at Odd Fellows' hall Sunday 1 Adv. 231
morning at 10 o'clock for memorial
services at Presbyterian church. 1 L. L. Oilman sells the New Kdlson.
H. H. TAYLOR, X. G. ' "the phonograph with a soul."
PAUL V. NF.LSON, Sec y. 224 ! ,
CARL'S CURE OINTMENT
! Any person suffering from eczema
'or nnv other skin trouble can obtain
Box 150
C J. BRANDT
Phone 456
DANCE.
C A. Band Dance. Warren Park.
Wednesday and Saturday. Admmls
sloa fO cent. Ladies free. Adv. 740
MATERNITY HOME.
Call Black $73 for terms, etc.
Advertisement 974