X-
(
WEATHER
Wednesday and Thursi
day fair; not much
change In temperature
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
i
I
VOL 21, NO. 176.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
site
crown
tmmn.
V
PRESIDENT
STARTS UPON
HIS JOURNEY
LEAVES WASHINGTON ON SPE
CIAL TRAIN WITH LARGE
PARTY FOR NEW YORK WHERE
HE WILL TODAY BOARD TRANS
PORT GEORGE WASHINGTON
TO BE GONE SIX WEEKS
THIS IS PRESENT ANTICIPATION
OF MR. WILSON WHO PLANS TO
MEET AND CONFER WITH
LLOYD GEORGE, CLEMENCEAU,
ORLANDO AND KING ALBERT
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3. Presi
dent Wilson began tonight his trip
to Europe to attend the peace con
fenece. The president left Washington
on a special train for New York,
where tomorrow he and bis party
wiU board the transport George
Washington on which the voyage
across the Atlantic w'iil be made.
No announcement was made as
to the president's itinerary but it
was understood that the George
Washington would steam from
New York with her naval convoy
some time tomorrow, probably in
the morning. About seven days
will be required for the trip and -the
ship will dock at a French
port, presumably Brest.
The president does not expect to be
abroad for more than six weeks, which
would give him just a month on Euro
Veen soil. Before the peace confer
ence meets he will -confer with Pre
miers Lloyd George of Great Britain,
Clemenceau of France and Orlando of
Italy, and probably with King Albert
of Belgium, to discuss the salient
points of the peace treaty.
While in Europe Mr. Wilson plans
to visit England and Italy as well as
France and he may go to Brussels,
lie also is understood to intend to
make a pilgrimage to some of the bat
tlefields in, France. Great prepara
tions have been made in London,
Paris and Rome for the president's re
ception. Tumulty on Job
Joseph P. Tumulty, the president's
secretary, accompanied Mr. Wilson to
New York, but will not go abroad. He
will return to Washington to conduct
the business' of the White House and
be the eyes and ears of the president
In this country. Mr. Tumulty will be
tn frequent communication with the
president by cable and will keep him
fully advised of events at home.
station until shortly before the'
time set for his train to de
part. As he and Mrs. Wilson
(Continued on Page Three)
willISIe
complete list
of casualties
Secretary Baker and General;
March Appear Before Sen-j
ate Military Committee at;
Its Probe I
(Rv Review leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3. Secretary
Baker, appearing before the senate
military committee today to explain
the delay in completing the publica
tion of American casualties overseas,
said he thought most of the unre
ported names were y those of men
slightly wounded and would come by
mail.
Senators were unable to understand
why only something over 100,000
names have been published when it
has been officially announced that the
casualties number 262,633. The secre
tary said every effort consistent with
accuracy was made to prevent delay
and that General Pershing bad been
urged repeatedly to expedite his lists,
sending the names of the dead first.
General March, discussing demobil
ization, said General Pershing will be
selecting units for the occupational
force of about 1,250,000 men and that
(foHBu on Fas Two)
GOVERNMENT ANNOUNCES ALL RESTRICTIONS
ON USE OF SUGAR HAVE NOW BEEN REMOVED
" OWING TO BOUNTIFUL NEW CROP IN SOUTH
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3. Restrictions on the purchase of sugar for
consumption in homes and public eating places were removed tonight by
the food administration. Increase in the supply of Louisiana cane and
western beet sugar and expectation that the new Cuban crop will begin
to arrive soon, permit abandonment of the sugar ration system, the ad
ministration said. Since iho cessation of hostilities the food administra
tion has regulated sugar resuictu;. gradually, until the ration has reached
four pounds.
CITIZENS TO BE
ASKED TO VOTE
Council Favors Work Which
Will Coat Approximately
$150,000; Soldiers' Bureau
Plan Is Presented
Citizens of Bisbee will he asked
within a short time to vote on a bond
Issue for public Improvements in the
way of street paving which, according
to rough estimates now at hand, will
cost approximately $150,000 and will
include paving in every section of
the incorporation. This was the out
come of the discussion of the mem
bers of the city, council at the regu
lar December meeting, held last night
at the city hall. It is proposed to
speed up the work, if possible, in
order to comply with the urge of the
national government that as much
work as possible be done during the
demobilization period, in order to
provide employment for large num
bers of soldiers and sailors.
The Uftsa proposed to be paved in
cudes Main street to the westerly city
lit;. its opposite the residence of Dr.
W. P. Sims, Slag Dump hill easterly
to connect with, me county paving be
tween Bisbee and Lowell, Subway
alley. Brewery avenue from the E. P.
& S. W. depot to' the Rossi property
in the upper end, a portion of Quarry
canyon.
The city attorney was instructed to
draft an ordinance calling the special
election, while the city engineer was
'instructed to have plans and specifi
cations ready for the councfi at its
next meeting.
The plan to pave these sections of
Bisbee is not a new one, but doubtless
it. was given impetus by tne appear
ance of W. R. Ashurst, United States
employment agent here, in behalf of
the federal government. Mr. Ashurst
read a telegram from the state direc
tor of labor, as well as making a short
talk to emphasize points in the labor
problem that the councilmen other
wise might have overlooked.
The telegram read was as follows:
"Phoenix, Ariz., Dec. 2,
"W. A. Ashurst, U. S. Employment
Service, Bisbee, Ariz.
"Director general of our service in
structs that a bureau be established
in each community to assist soldiers
and sailors to secure employment at
home. The task of finding them em
ployment thus becomes a community
responsibility and the function of the
employment service is to concentrate
the co-operative local efforts and all
information as to positions at central
points, to furnish means of com
munication as to the labor supply
and needs between communities and
to inform soldiers in camps as to
where and how to proceed on reach
ing home. Start at once organizing
such a bureau in your community.
Use the local offices of the community
labor boards or employment service.
The co-operation of the mayor, local j
council of defense, labor unions, '
chamber of commerce, draft board j
members, county (.arm agents and .
others interested should be sought
everywhere and every encouragement
given their efforts, giving them rep
resentatives in office if wanted, and
a share in the local management
This service furnishes a central clear-!
ing house and a uniform system. The
responsibility of this work is up to !
each community and should be done
by the community. The facilities of
(Continue on Face Three)
WOMEN MUST GO
(Rv Review Leaned Wire)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3. Tho na
tional war labor board today decided
to ask the Cleveland Railway company
to dismiss the 150 women employes
within 30 days from today. This action
was taken after a hearing given May
or Davis and is expected to end the
strike of men employes which began
this morning.
The board held that the employ,
ment of women is not necessary to
the operation of the Cleveland street
car system. It requested the company
to pay women discharged within the
30 day period for a full month's work ,
from today and also orfiered that the
men return to work. I
ON NEW PAVING
U
TO CAMOUFLAGE
ALL E
American Occupation of Ger
man Soil Goes on Steadily
Without Any Untoward
Incident Whatever
HUNS
CONTINUE
WINS
. ! documents and maps, which, together
i with other records of their investiga
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY OFtions already in Paris or on the way.
OCCUPATION, Dec. 3. (By the As- comprise a collection of international
sociated Press.) Further evidence of data said t( without parallel in
the determination of the Germans not ( htotory Different Experts.
to be jarred out of their assumed role. These Bdv,9P t0 tne peace com.
of indifference was shown in every . mjssion, who have conducted an ex
Village into which the Americans : haustive inquiry into foreign affairs
marched today. The long lines or y authority of the president and un-
khaki-clad trooos resumed their move-1 der the lirection ' Col. E. M. House,
knamciaa troops resumed weir move-1 civian member of he inter allied
ment toward the Rhine at daybreak, f gUpreme war COUncil, and a delegate
passing through dozens of villages j to the peace conference, include ex
until another 12 miles had been cov- perts in international law, college
ered. professors rated as specialists in the
Farmers in the fields and residents . history and politics or various na
in the villages and towns glanced at tin3, and officers of the military in
the troops and went on with their j telligence division or the army. Using
work. Here and there Germans i the building of the American Geo
stared for a time curiously, but rare-i graphical society here, they have ac
ly was there a dispUiy of emotion or j cumulated, through studies whk-h be
even of keen interet. With (he " in November. I'.Jft voluminous
ception of trifling acts Dy chilren j records which, because of their great
there have been no signs of hostility value, have been guarded night and
reported. In a few instances children ' day.
shouted rough remarks and threw i Details of the investigation, known
small stones, but there was nothing i officially as "the inquiry," have been
more serious than that ; withheld from publication until its
The German troops are well back results were safe on shipboard. Ex
in their retirement and apparently cept for occasional publication of the
there is no desire whatever to hamper! fact that peace data was being as
the working out of the terms of the sembled by a commission directed by
armistice. I Colonel House and that information
German business men, especially in gained from this source enabled him,
Treves, have already begun to display f 83 a member of the international con
more interest In the Americans, who, ference which drafted the German
as is customary with them, are be-! armistice terms, to "amaze" his as-
ginning to spend their money. Tne ;
prices of foodstuffs and other articles
are enormously high, but the soldiers'
desire souvenirs and they were quite
readv to patronize shops which are
far superior to those in any town '
through which they passed.
It is understood that the American
military government propose to deal
sternly with any offenders against
the regulations the army may estab
lish, but the Germans 'appear to ac
cept without question whatever orders
are imposed. It is probable that some
of the civil guards left by the retreat
ing army will be retained, if they give
satisfaction In their duties.
A proclamation issued by General
Pershing has evoked a few expres
sions of appreciation from the Ger
mans and there is a notable tendency
on the part of the people of Treves,
Sarrebourg and other of the large
communities to act on his suggestion
to resume their normal activities.
The towns are rilled with returning
German soldiers discharged from
service, who, since the Americans
have arrived, have been negotiating
for civilian clothing to replace the
uniforms which they still are wearing.
LONDON, Dec. 3, (By the Asso
ciated Press.) It is understood that
the representatives of the allies in
conference at the foreign ministry
today were unanimously in favor of
demanding that Holland hand over
to the allies the Former German em
peror and former crown prince.
No official report of the conference
was issued beyond a mere recital of
the names of those attending it and
a statement to the effect that Col
onel E. M. House of the American
peace Delegation was prevented by
illness from attending.
AMERICA
READY
I TO DEAL WITH
i
! PEACE PROBLEM
Galaxy of Experts Who Have
Given Unparalleled Study
to International Subjects
Go With Wilson
NEW YORK. Dec. 3. Striking
evidence of the preparedness of
the American government to enter
into peace negotiations was given
here tonight in an announcement
that 23 members of an advisory
commission of experts who hav
made a year's study of political
and economic conditions in Europe
and Asia will sail with President
Wilson and his fellow delegates on
the George Washington.
With them will to several tons of
sociates with his intimate knowledge
of European affairs, the American
people have not been informed of the
activities of an official organization
without precedent in the nation's his-
tr"
. Comprised 150 Persons.
More than 150 persons comprised
the personnel of the inquiry, which
was financed out of the special emerg
ency war fund placed by congress at
the president's' disposal, according to
an announcement by the geographical
society. The state and war depart
ments co-operated and both will share
in future possession of the data
brought together.
The investigation, it was stated,
took the form of a fact study con
ducted in a scientific spirit by special
ists and scholars, both American and
from various European countries af
filiated by the war and "in order to
give high value to any statement of
fact, the inquiry completely ignored
the hypothetical.
During its progress, the announce
ment said, every important national
ity of Europe and western Asia sent
(Continued on Fags Four)
ALL AMERICAN WOUNDED IN ENGLAND
EXCEPT 500 SERIOUS CASES, WILL BE
BACK HOME BY CHRISTMAS, IS PLAN
LONDON, Dec. 3. All American wounded in England, except about
500 of the most serious cases, will be back in the United States bv Christ
mas, according to present plans. Efforts are being made to move the
Americans quickly. Many nurses are being sent with the wounded, bJt
all who are in England and not needed, most likely will be sent home
soon, as there is said to be a sufficient number in France. Four American
rest catnps are in the last stage of abandonment.
SENATORS
HAVE
HOT DEBATE ON
WILSON'S TRIP
Republican House Leader Is
sues Statement That Strife
Should Not Interfere With
His Mission
(By Review I .eased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3. President
Wilson's trip to Europe was the sub
ject of debate in the senate today
between Senators Sherman of Illi
nois, republican, and Williams of
Pennsylvania, democrat. In introduc
ing a resolution to declare the presi
dent's office vacant upon Mr. Wilson's
departure from the country and to
provide for the succession of Vice
President Marshall, Senator Sherman
severely criticized the president for
his decision to attend the peace con
ference. He declared the trip is un
justified, constitutes "a grave men-r-ce"
and might cause "Insidious mis
ihier." Senator Williams warmly defended
the president's course. He recited
the fact that both Presidents Taft
and Koosevelt made trips outside of
the United States and suggested that
the purpose of the opposition to the
president's trip was to make political
capital out of his voyage.
While this colloquy was proceeding
in the senate. Kepresentative Maun of
Illinois, the republican leader in the
house, issued a statement, declaring
that factional strife should not be
permitted to interfere with the presi
dent's mission. He said there would
be no concerted effort by house re
publicans to embarrass the president
and that he did not believe the Amer
ican people would "tolerate any med
dling in that which so vitally concerns
them."
The debate between Senators Sher
man and Williams continued about
two hours, but no other senators
joined in the discussion, except to
ask occasional questions. Many re
publican and democratic senators left
their seats when the speaker of the
opposition party was addressing the
senate. Well filled galleries, how
ever, closely followed the exchanges
between the speakers and occasion
ally the spectators were reprimanded
by Vice-President Marsnaii lor ap
plauding.
Disposition of Senator Sherman s
resolution went over under the rules
after the author had requested that
It lie on the table. The senate for
eign, relations committee tomorrow
will begin consideration or the reso
lution or Senator Summins or Iowa,
republican, that a senate committee
or eight be appointed to go to Europe
and keep the senate advised as to the
proceedings or the peace1 conference.
Senator Cummins plans to appear
before the committee in behalf of the
resolution and committee fnembers
say it will be sent to the senate for
action with or without committee rec
ommendations. The foreign relations committee
also is to consider a resolution intro
duced today by Senator Knox or
Pennsylvania, republican, and rormer
secretary or state, proposing post
ponement by the peace conference or
action on the questions or a league
or nations and freedom of the seas.
M ADOO WILL SPEAK.
(I'v Rex-lew I.eKd Wire)
CHICAGO, Dec. 3 William G. Mc
Adoo, secretary of the treasury, will
deliver an address Thursday night at
the International Livestock exposi
tion, according to a telegram received
from Washington tonight. Mr. Mc
Adoo will leave Washington on Wed
nesday night and will return to the
capital immediately after the conclu
sion of his address.
CALLS ANNUAL MEETING.
(Rv Review leased Wire)
CHICAGO, Dec. 3 T. J. Hickey.
president of the American Associa
tion of Baseball clubs announced to
day that he had called the annual
meeting of the organization for De
cember 13 In Menneapolis. The chief
topic will be the prospects for Part
ing the 1919 race
TEDDY EXPLODES
UPON SUBJECT OF
OUR PART IN WAR
Roosevelt Declares It Our
Business and Duty to Stand
by Our Allies at the Peace
Conference
(Bv Review I,e.ied Wire)
NEW YORK, Dec. 3. Assert
ing that the United States had not
done nearly as much as the Bri
tish navy and the British, French
I and Italian armies to bring about
the downfall of German, Theodore
Roosevelt declared in a statement
here tonight, that it is "our busi
ness to stand by our allies at the
conference."
He declared it. "sheer nonsense" to
say the American army was fighting
for President Wilson's famous "four
teen points." He made the assertion
that "there was npt one American sol
dier in every thousand who ever heard
of them." "The British empire im
peratively needs the greatest navy in
the world and this we should instantly
concede," said the colonel. "Our need
for a great nivy comes next to her's
j and we should have the second navy
in the world. Similarly France needs
j greater military strength than we do.
! but we should have all our young men
j trained to arms, on the general lines
ot the Swiss system.
"The 'freedom or the seas' is a
phrase that may mean anything or
nothing. If it -is to be interpreted as
Germany interprets it. it is thorough
ly michievous. There must be no in
terpretation of the phrase that would
prevent the English navy in the event
j of any further war from repeating the
tremendous service it has rendered in
' this war.
i "The British must of course keep
' . , a ,
wie cuiunies uiey nave eunquereu.
As for this nation, it must keep its
absolute independence and raise or
lower its economic barriers as its in
terests demand, for we have to look
after the welfare of our own working-
I man. e must insist on the preserva
tion of the Monroe doctrine. We must
keep the right to close the Panama
canal to our enemies in wartime, and
we must not undertake to interfere in
European, Asiatic or African matters
j with which we ought to have properly
11 KJ VUUV.CIU.
Declaring that "President Wilson
has not given the slightest explanation
or what his views are or why he is
going abroad," the colonel asserted
"he is himself responsible for any di
vision among the American people as
regards the peace conference at this
time."
"As for President Wilson's fourteen
principles, so far as the American
people have expressed any opinion on
them, it was on November 5 when
they rejected them. The American
army was fighting to smash Germany,
and the American people wanted Ger
many smashed.
"The allies have never accepted the
fourteen points," be continued, "the
United States has never accepted
them. Germany and Austria enthus
iastically accepted them. Here cer
tain individuals, including President
Wilson. Mr. Hearst. Mr. Viereck, and
as I understand it a number. ot pro
Germans and pacifists and internation
al societies have accepted them, but
(Continued on Page Two)
IRISH WANT REPRESENTATION
lllv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3. President
Wilson and the other American repre
sentatives at the peace conference
were urged to insist that the right of
self-determination be granted the peo
ple of Ireland in two resolutions in-
j troduced today in the house and in
appeals made by the Catholic Univer
sity through its rector. Bishop Shane,
and by the national board of the An
cient Order of Hibernians and Ladies'
Auxiliary. Patrick McCartan as "an
envoy of the provisional government
of Ireland." presented to the presi
dent a request that Ireland be given
representation at the conference.
The resolutions, which were intro
duced by Representatives McLaugh
lin of Pennsylvania, and Lundeen of
i Minnesota, were referred to the for
eign relations committee.
! HINDSIGHT OF
I FORMER ROYAL
HAN, SUPERB
IN INTERVIEW WITH ASSOCIATED
PRESS TELLS HOW HE TRIED
TO INFLUENCE HUN HIGH COM
MAND TO GIVE UP WAR FOUR
YEARS AGO BUT FAILED
WAS SOME PREDICTER
SEEMINGLY FORGETFUL OF MAN
NER IN WHICH HE WASTED HIS
FORCES AGAINST DEFENSES OF
VERDUN HE TALKS OF HIS
LOVE FOR SOLDIERS
OYSTER LAND. Holland. Dec
3. (By Associated Press) "I have
- not renounced anything and I
have not signed any document
whatever."
Frederick William Hohenzol
lern, who still claims the title of
crown prince of Germany thus an
swered the question of the Asso
ciated Press in the course or a
lengt"iy conversation today, which
took place in the small cottage of
the village pastor on the island
or Wieringen where he is intern
ed. "However," he continued, "should
the Gennan government decide to
form a republic similar to the United
States cr France I shall be perfectly
content to return to Germany as a
simple citizen ready to do anything
to assist my country. I should even
be happy to work as a laborer in a
fae'ery.
'At present everything appears
chaos in Germany, bnt I hope things
wlil right themselves."
Knew War Lost
Asked what in his opinion was the
turning point of the war, he said:
"I was convinced ear'.y in October.
1914, that we bad lost the war. I con
sidered our position hopeless after the
battle of the Marae which we should
not have lost if the chiefs of our gen
eral staff had not suffered a case ot
nerves.
"I tried to persuade the general
staff to seek peace then, even at a
great sacrifice, going so far as to give
up Alsace-Lorraine. But I was told
to mind my own business and confine
my activities to commanding my
armies. 1 have proof of this."
Hunger Caused Defeat
What finally brought . about the
downfall of the German military pow
er, be declared, was revolution in
duced by four years of hunger among
the civilians and the troops in the
rear, together with the overwhelming
superiority in numbers attained by the
entente powers since America's entry
(Continued en Pc Two)
STAND ADMITS
ii
During Brewers Prove, Wit
ness Says $200,000 Gath
ered to Advertise and Stop
Munitions
(Rv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3. Organiza
tion in 1915 ot a 1200.000 advertising
campaign by which it was hoped to
stop the manufacture in the United
States of munitions for the allies was
admitted by Louis N. Hammerling. of
New York, president of the American
Association of Foreign Language
newspapers. In testifying today before
the senate committee investigating ac
tivities or brewers and German propa
gandists. Edward A. Rumley. recent owner ot
the New York Evening Mail, and Dr.
H. F. Albert, a German propagandist,
were connected the campaign by
witness, who declared that the
money for the Insertion of the adver
tising in practically all of the 1
newspapers ot the association was
contributed largely by Rumley. He
said his dealings with Albert consist
ed in the collection through the Ger-
(Contlaued fr Pax Two)
HA N
PROPA
CAN
Ml TWO
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1918.
MUSTERED OUT
5""
f ' -. " ...
4v
'"""Mr Cfl
!: I w
: ' a :
A scene in any army cantonment. One little group of the men mastered out at Camp Die
Joat as they were joyously
awaiting the moment they expect
ed to be sent overseas these sol
diers at Camp Dix received the
news that the war had ended. But
they're happier than ever now,
however. For they've been mus
tered out and are free to speed for
home. They lost no time in pack
ing up and climbing aboard -the
buss for the station end grabbing
a train for home.
HINDSIGHT OF
FORMER ROYAL
MAN, SUPERB
tlnued from Page One)
into the war, which had undermined
the confidence of the Germ in fighting
forces.
Loved His Soldiers
"My soldiers, whom I loved and
with whom I lived continuously, and
who, if I may say so, loved me. fought
with the utmost courage to the end,
even when the odds were impossible
to withstand," the refugee prince went
on. "They had no rest, and sometimes
an entire division numbered only 600
rifles. These were opposed by fresh
allied troops, among whom were
American divisions containing 27,000
men apiece."
Describing how he left the front,
Frederick William declared:
Cold Turn Down
"I was with my group of armies aft
er the kaiser left Germany.' I asked
the Berlin government whether they
desired me to retain my command.
They replied negatively and I could
; not continue to lead armies ander--orders
of the soldiers and workmen's
. council.
"Therefore I came to Holland, with
out hindrance. No shooting or bomb
ing occurred and I quit the army with
the greatest regret after having par
ticipated in the trench life with the
soldiers for so long.
"I have not been in Germany for a
year, and from the beginning of the
war I have taken only three or four
fortnight leaves."
At War's Beginning
Speaking of the beginning of the
war, Frederick William asserted:
"Contrary to all statements hither
to made abroad. I never desired war
and thought the moment quite inop
portune. I was never consulted and
the report about a crown council be
ing held in Berlin to decide on the
war I deny, on my oath.
"I was enjoying a stay at a watering
place when mobilization was ordered
"My father also, I am sure, did not
desire war. If Germany had sought
the best opportunity for making war
she would have chosen the period eith
er of the Boer war, or the Russo-
Japanese war.
"From the beginning I was certain
that Enslund would enter the conflict
This view was not shared by Prince
Henry and the other members of my
family.
No Warlike Intentions '
"People have credited me with war
like intentions. But I was only a sol
dier with a jlesire to see the army
kept thoroughly efficient, and I work
ed hard to bring this about. People
blame me wit.li the failure at Verdun.
But I refused twice to attack there
with with the troops at my disposal.
On the third occasion my attack was
successful for the first three days, but
I was not properly supported.
"1 thought that the Verdun attack
was a mistake. We should have at
tacked to the eastward of Verdun,
where there would have been great
probability of success."
Opposed March Attack
The ex-crown prince was rather bit
ter regarding the work of the general
staff, which he asserted was respons
ible for numerous mistakes, includ
ing the attack in March. 191S. which
he was ordered to make, contraiy to
his ou view, and whs compelled to
obey, iie declared that Ludcndortf
was the mainspring of Germany's war
like activities, while von liindeuburg
was a mere figurehead.
Ludendnrif and his sUiff ontiiiually
underestimated the enemy's forces, be
dedaied. and never . believed that
Ameriea's contribution of soldiers was
as gnat a it actually proved to lie.
Admires President Wilson
Frederick William declared himself
to be au admirer of President Wiison.
who. lie tdk assured would bring about
a pel ce of justice for the German teo
pie. and concluded:
"Any humiliation of a nation eoii
laining 7.mti.u"i people would only
leave a feeling of it venge. Such a lia
tion cinnwt be urunhwd."
"Tlr.' armistice terms ite y
i ere and almost iMpossihle of exec u
tion, as (lie entente powers are tak
ing away a large portion of the means
of, transport."
Asked whether Germany, if victori
ous, would not have imposed even
more severe terms, he expressed the
belief that such would not have been
the case.
When the Brest-Litovsk treaty was
mentioned, he said its terms were
hard because in Russia the Germans
were confronted by the bolsheviki.
With regard to air raids on unforti
fied cities, the first submarine war
fare, the bombardment of Paris and
the deportation of women from the
occupied districts to work In Ger
many, Frederick William said he had
always disagreed with these policies.
Air Raids Silly.
"The air raids on London and other
towns anB the big gun used against
Paris were useless militarily and, in
fact, silly," said Frederick William.
"Orders to submarine commanders
were read differently by various offi
cers, who went much too far. Re
garding air raids, I suggested two'
years ago an international agreement
confining air activities to the actual
war rone, but - my opinion was en
tirely disregarded. I was again told
my job was to commatyl my armies."
t In connection with Germany's ac
tion in Belgium at the beginning of
the war the ex-crown prince said that
the German general staff had in
formed him that Field Marshal Haig
was in Belgium in July, 1914, making
a complete military survey for future
operations. When it was suggested
the German staff had done the same
thing, Frederick said he 'knew noth
ing about it.
Made Awful Mil takes.
German diplomats, he declared, had
made "awful" mistaken, being unable
to see the viewpoint of the countries
ling admitted, paid his organization
$31,640 in 1916 for translating articles
on "personal liberty" appearing in the
foreign language newspapers.
Hammerling's connection with the
American Leader, a - semi-monthly
New York paper, was brought out and
he said one of the contributors to
this periodical was Charles Nagle, sec
retary of commerce and labor in Presi
dent Taft's cabinet, who received $125
for each article on personal liberty.
Other activities of Hammerling, in
cluding his connection with the repub
lican national committee in 1908 in an
advertising capacity and his embarka
tion in the advertising business In
New York in 1904 at the solicitation of
the republican national committee and
Senator Penrose, of Pennsylvania, also
were brought out at today's hearing.
WILL EXPEDITE
COMPLETE LIST
OF CASUALTIES
(Continued from Pare One)
all the other American soldiers in
France would be . brought home as
rapidly as shipping could be provided.
General March said that unless rela
tives of Americans who have lost their
lives request otherwise, all bodies ot
the American dead will be brought
home without legislation by congress.
How soon the transportation of bodies
will begin General March said he ;ould
not state.
Senator Johnson asked how many
Americans had been in actual fight
ing. Secretary Baker estimated 700,
000 and General March added that it
was above that number, but "some
thing less than a million
Senator Frelinghuysen of New Jer-
where' they were stationed and mis gey, said that apparently the total
reading opinion in other countries. American deaths were 60,000 and of
Referring to the notorious kaiser tele-, these only 42.000 have been reported.
gram during the Boer war, he said
"My lather was made to send this
telegram by his political advisers."
Lives Simple Life
He urged that the committee act to
expedite the final returns.
Assistant Secretary Keppel said oth
er governments experienced the same
The former crown prince is living difficulties with their casualty lists,
a very simple life now. He strolls J although they had been perfecting
about the island, chats with peasants
and is learning the Dutch language
from a small boy. He says be is in
terned, although in reality not in
terned, as all the other German offi
cers have been -permitted to leave
Holland. He does not expect his wife
to come to Holland. She will remain
iu Berlin to superintend the educa
tion of their children.
Frederick William discussed vari
ous subjects quite frankly with the
correspondent for two hours, but re
quested that some of the matters un
der discussion should not be published.
their system for four years.
The hearing was adjourned until
Wednesday when Red Cross officials
will be heard.
TEDDY EXPLODES
UPON SUBJECT OF
OUR PART IN WAR
(Continued from Page One)
neither the American people nor the
American congress has accepteu
I them."
I The colonel declared that "Mr. Wil
son himself has rejected at least one
FORMER EMPRESS BETTER t of tha fourteen outright and has in
AMERONGEX, Holland, Dec. 3. . terpreted another in the directly op
The former German empress has ap-' posile sense to its plain and obvious
meaning," and added that "some of
the fourteen points are thoroughly
mischievous under any interpreta-1
tion," and that the others are vague
and ambiguous.
"Inasmuch as Mr. Wilson is going
over, it is earnestly to be hoped that
it is his business not to try and be
an umpire between our allies and our
enemies, but act loyally as one of the
allies," said the colonel. "We have not
suffered anything like as much and
parently almost recovered from her
recent indisposition and is occasional
ly seen with the former German em
peror walking in the grounds of the
castle here. The ex-empress, accord
ing to good authority, contributed
largely to the decision of her husband
to . sign his act of abdication. Her
confidential informants gave a gloomy
account of the internal situation in
Germany relative to the throne.
H AMMERUNG, ON I we ve, " rendff a8It,n"f .h
cxl.Trv Trum-re a8 tne leading allies. It is the Bri-
OlAlNLJ, AUMllO tish navy and the French. British and
PROPAGANDA FUND lta,ia" .e thKt.h.al.ve ,d"" H"
lUOSl to uriUK hiiuui lue nyiiioii
Germany and therefore, the safety of
the United States. It Is our business
(Otnttnued fj-imi i'uKf Oiiei
man propagandist of a portion of the J to stand by our allies."
$2in,iinn which Rumley contributed.
Hammerling denied upon question-1 WALSH HAS RESIGNED.
ing any connection or acquaintance-!
ship, with former German Ambassador ! i:.v Iteview Leam-U Whei
Hernstorff and sought to justily his; WASHINGTON. !. 3--Th: reslg
part in the advertising campaign with l nation of Frank P. Walsh as joint
the statement . that he believed the chairman of the national war labor
munitions being manufactured in this board has been accepted by President
country were Iwlng shipped to Ger-' Wilson and Basil M. Manly lias been
many. 'appointed to fill the vacancy. :
Asked about the placing of the ad- Mr. .Manly was appointed by the
vertisins Hammerling siid the news- presiJent after he had been endorsed
DHiier owned liv Senator Hitchcock of iinanimouslv by representative! of
Nebraska, chairman of the foreign re
lations committer, published the ad
vertisement without charge. The Na
tional Asocia!icn cf Commerce ami
I-iibor. a subsidiary of the United
States Brewers' association. Hammer-1 and steti industry.
labor n tne boa;d. Me was special
netit ;or t hi bureau of labor .-.tat is
licK of the department of labor Irom
1'IUS to l'1!.'. duriim uiiicii time he
made a complete survey of the iron
WhatS
'liall I Give forXmas?
IT WILL BE EASIER to find the answer than you think, if you
will bring your gift list to Bisbee's X'mas store. In planning our
Christmas stocks this year we were even more optimistic than good
business would justify. But as we had always been Bisbee's chrlst
nii'.s store we interpreted the government's requirements in the very
i.roidtsl sense, on sensible gifts. With the peace armistice w ex
hausted every source of supply, and now you cir coma and easily
find the answer to "What shall I give for X'mas?"
EIGHTEEN DAYS is a comparatively short time in which to
do Christmas buying, that is all the time you have left. You ran ac
complish most here. Every member ot the family has been consided
whether the name on your list calls for something elaborate or some
thing simple "What shall I give for X'mas?" will met a ready an
swer in seme X'mas stock at Bisbee's X'mas store. Another import
ant item in connection with Christmas shopping shop daring -be
morning hours a simple thing, but a wonderful Christmas help.
J in- 13 ?
f ' ' s
Before Xmas. Sale
OF LADIES' DRESSES
Our present Before Christmas Sale of dresses; which in-.
eludes silks, satins, crepe de chine, wool jersey, velvets, wool
serges, serge and georgette combinations, georgette crepe and
trlcotine, will solve lots of "Wbat to give." This' sale has es
tablished a new record for us, but a few days' selling yet leaves
ample choice for tihs week's continuation, enormous stocks to
begin with, account for this.
$30.00 dresses $21.95 ; $52.50 dresses .. $38.95
$32.50 dresses $22.95 J $57.50 dresses $41.95
$35.00 dresses $24.95 $65.00 Cresses $46.95
$40.00 dresses $27.95 $7500 liresses . $51.95
$45.00 dresses 131.95 t $79.50 dresses $59.95
$49.50 dresses $35.95 i $S9.60 dresses $64.95
BESIDES DRESSES, THE BLOUSE DEPARTMENT
CONTRIBUTES THREE SPECIALS:
Georgette and Crepe QQ QlT
de Chine Waists . . pO.Z7D
Pretty styles in white, flesh and pink. Some beaded, others
plain or embroidered, but every one worth much more.
BATH ROBES ... $4.95
Big roomy bath robes of the finest blanket robing in pretty
designs, with colors to match all sizes.
All MILLINERY y2 Price
Dozons of up-to-the-minute styles to choose from, and copies
of the best designers of Paris and New York. These will help
supply what you want for immediate wear, or for gifts.
VISIT TOYTOWN
We Invite parents, and children as well, to visit toytown today. Here you will find the big
gest assortment of substantial toys to be found in Bisbee. In selecting our Christmas stock we
paid particular attention to the quality of every thing we bought. If you haven't yet seen our toy
department, we believe you will be surprised when you do see it almost every one has been
when'they saw it for the first time.
OUPP
10)
Gift
estionsr
ik -W...,l,'-'-f
White Neckw'r Gloves
Ivory
Ivory toilet articles should be
selected now, not only will you
have the advantage of lower
prices by selecting these gift
things early, but you avoid pos
sible disappointments, as many
of these ivory pieces cannot be
replaced by us later.
Hosiery
. What would be more- useful or
acceptable as a gift than silk
hose or 'dainty underwear. We
have complete assortments of
both, in plain and fancy styles,
standard makes, dependable
qualities.
Pocket
Books
and Bags
Our'lini' is most complete. In
all the new styles of envelope
purses and bags, of leather, vel
vet and silk. All fitted with
minor -d coin uim at prices
from COc to $15.00.
MAIN rUlOU
Among the many thousands of
beautiful and useful Christmas
gifts, neckwear ranks the high
est. We have gathered together
for holiday shoppers a large as
sortment. You are sure to find
just what you want in the newer
styles that will appear.
Hand
Made Gifts
Tltosp who prefer to make
their own gifts, will find beauti
ful laces and ribbons of every
width, style and color, in addi
tion we have many exclusive
models, created by experts in
ribbon and laces that we will
gladly exhibit so you may ropy.
Warm
Blankets
Just when the colder nights
are calling for more bedding and
what would t more appreciated
than a nice blanket or wool
robe? Our line is exceptionally
large. Prices range from $1.25
to $25.00. Basement Department.
finest of real French kid. as
well as English makes, in all the
staple colors, such as black,
white, brown, tan and light and
dark grey. All sizes, S'-j to S.
Handker
chiefs Dainty handkerchiefs are going
to be rooe, welcome this season
thareyer. before and The Fair
is exceptionally fortunate in its
assortments ana prices of these
pretty and practical gift things.
You will find here the choicest
creations of the Knierald Isles,
Spain and Fran'', as wen a.
America. Picture
Frames
New arrivals in picture
frames, enables us to make a
pre holiday shotting that is most
interesting, round, square or
oval, white metal frames look
like sterling and guaranteed not
to tarnish. Ivory, gold and sil
ver frames in all sizes.
r
Gifts for
Baby
I.aby may not be old enough to
know what it is all about, but you will
be surprised at the real pleasure you
will get out of selecting gifts for baby
in our infants' department.
We have prepared our display of
Christmas gifts for the baby and it is
the finest in Bisbee. Here Santa
Claus can find any Item that he could
want for his little pet, the ido of ev
ery home.
Infant coats, long and short.
Infants dresses, long or short, hand
or machine made.
Infants petticoats, long or short,
hand or machine made.
Infants caps, plain or fancy.
Infants kimonas, plain and embroid
ered. Infants' flannel or knit sarques.
Infants flannel or, knit nightin
gales. Infants blankets and comforters.
Infants pillow cases, hand embroidered.
Infants carriage or bassinet robes.
Infants knit bootees and k-ggins.
Infants shoes and hose.
'-Infants bib and rubber pants. :
Worldof
Trinkets
These are made of celluloid. Paris
ian ivory and rubber. Thtre are re
cord books, pin holders, carriage
straps, soap, powder and cotton boxes,
baskets, dolls. hundred different
kinds of rattles, trays, floaters, to
put In baby's bath, toilet sets, and o
many pretty other things that baby
would enjoy.
2nd floor Infanta' Department
For Him
What shall I give him? is easily
answered in our men's department.
This is especially true if it is some
thing useful. From our immense
Christmas gift stock we have selected
the following ill mi that will be on
display and sold for just a little less
thai! other stores sell them:
Men's tics 75c to $3.50
Men's handkerchiefs 10c to$1.0C
Men's dress gloves $5.00 to 3.00
Men's smoking jackets... $5.00 to $10.00
Men's mufflers $1.50 to $4.00
Men's bath rob! $6.00 to S15.00
Men's slippers $1.25 to $3.00
Men's silk shirt $4.50 to $10.C.O
Mcu's dress shirts $1.50 to $4 00
Men's enr: links 50c to $1.00
Men s hats $3.50 to $10.00
Men's raps 50c to $2.50
Men's beits 50c to $2.00
Men's hose. ' 25c to $1.25
Men's underwear $1.00 to $7.50
Men's sweaters $3.50 to $13.50
Buy
IKS. 5.
Stamps
i rfeitgi ro sitgi mrfe mS&z
rT iff" i - - inn J-flrf.i i fi TiYii
Buy
W.S.S.
Stamps THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1918.
THREE
PRESIDENT
STARTS UPON .
HIS JOURNEY
(Continued from Pas One)
entered the station the crowd there
cheered and soldiers and sailors who
were waiting for trains formed a
human lane through which the presi
dent and Mrs. Wilson walked to the
train shed.
Wished Good Luck
Wnen some of the crowd wished the
president "good luck" and "pleasant
voyage" Mr. Wilson smilingly called
back: "Thank you."
Just before the train pulled out of
the station, the personnel of the party
was announced as follows:
Those on Train
In the president's Immediate party:
The President and Mrs. Wilson, Rear
Admlral Cary T. Grayson, the presi
dent' physician; George Creel, chair
man of the committee on public infor
mation; Gilbert T. Close, confidential
clerk to the president; E. I. Hoover,
bead usher at the White House, and
Miss Edith Benham, secretary to Mrs.
Wilson.
Others on the train were: The Sec
retary of State and Mrs. Lansing, Sec
retary Baker, who was to leave the
party at Hoboken; John W. Davis, am
bassador to Great Britain and Mrs.
Davis; Henry White, a member of the
peace delegation; Major and Mrs.
Scott, Lieutenant Commander Tatch,
Mr. Harris, Mr. McNeir, Mr. Welch,
' Sidney Smyth, the French Ambassa
dor and Mrs. Jusserand, Count de
Cellere, the Italian Ambassador and
Countess de Cellere and two children,
and CoL R. W. Jordan of the general
staff, transportation officer.
Only three of the five American rep
resentatives to the peace conference
as announced at the White House last
week will cross on the former North
German Lloyd liner. They are the
president himself, Secretary of State
Robert Lansing and Henry White,
former ambassador to France and
Italy. CoL EL M. House and Gen.
Tasker H. Bliss, the other two mem
bers, are In France and will Join the !
president there.
Rear-Admiral H. S. Knapp and Cpt.
William V. Pratt are accompanying J
the presidential party and will report
to Admiral Benson, naval representa
tive with Colonel House on the peace
mission, as his assistants. Admiral
Knapp has been in command of the
naval forces in Haiti and San Domin
go and Captain Pratt, who is assistant
chief of naval operations, has been
acting head of the bureau of opera
tions during the absence abroad of
Admiral Benson.
Secretaries of the peace delegation
will be Joseph C. Grew, former sec-
' retary of embassy at Berlin, and later i
charge at Vienna and who now is in J
Paris making preliminary arrange-,
ments; Leland Harrison of the Latin-!
American division and Phillip H.
Patebin. confidential assistant to Sec
retary Lansing.
William JlcXeir goes as disbursing
officer and S. Y. Smith as draught of
ficer. A large force of clerical assist
ants from the state department is ac
companying the party.
Dr. James Brown Scott and David
Hunter Miller will be technical advis
ers In international law and Dr. S. E.
Mezes, head of the state department
bureau of inquiry established last year
to study peace problems, will attend
the conference as director of special
ists, a large party of whom will go
with him on the George Washington.
Army officers accompanying the
presidential party include Brigadier
General Churchill, chief of the mili
tary intelligence bureau. Other of
ficers who will assist General Bliss
will be MaJ. Gen. Francis J. Kernon
and Colonels Van Deman, Jordan,
Ayres, Helms, Furlong, Fling, ami
Captains Auchencloss and Childs.
Brig. Gen'. Wm. H. Harts, former
aide to President Wilson, will be in
command of the military aides and
messengers at the conference.
Rear-Admiral Cary T. Grayson, the
president's physician, is accompany
ing the president and others making
the trip on the George Washington,
include George Creel, chairman of the
committee on public information, who
goes abroad to close up the foreign
work of the committee, and Raymond
D. Fosdick, chairman of the commis
sion on training camp activities, who
is to direct welfare work among the
American soldiers in France.
Convoy at Sea. 1
Convoying the presidential ' ship
when she puts to sea tomorrow will
be superdreadnaught Pennsylvania
and a fleet of 15 destroyers under per
sonal command of Admiral Henry T.
Mayo, commander in chief of this At
lantic fleet. Ten of the destroyers
will turn back after 48 hours, but the
other five and the Pennsylvania will
continue across the Atlantic.
Off the coast of France the presi
dential ship will be met by two di
visions of the Atlantic fleet and es
corted to port. Rear-Admiral Hugh
Rodman will be in command of the
chief division which will include the
superdreadnaughts New York, the
flagship, commanded by- Cpt. E. L.
Beach; Texas, Cpt. Victor Blue; Wy
oming. Cpt. H. H. Christy; Florida,
Cpt. M. M. Taylor; Arkansas, Cpt. L.
R. Desteiger. and Nevada, Cpt. W. C.
Cole.
Rear-Admiral T. S. Rogers will com
mand the other divisions, which will
consist of the Utah, Cpt. F. B. Bassett;
Oklahoma, Cpt. Charles B. McVay,
and Arizona, Cpt. John A. Dayton.
Cpt. L. M. Nulton commands the
Pennsylvania and the five destroyers
to accompany the George Washington
throughout the voyage are the
Wickes, Commander J. S. Barleon;
Woolsey, Commander F. V. McNair;
Lea, Commander D. W. Bagley; Tar
bell, Commander Halsey Powell; Yar
nell. Commander W. F. Halsey.
The ten destroyers to be in the con
voy fleet for 48 hours are the Mahan,
Radford, Bresee, Craven, Dorsey. Rob
inson, Walke, Montgomery, Lamber
ton and Perkins.
Rear-Admiral Rodman's division of
six superdreadnaughts'bas been serv
ing during the past year as a battle
squadron with the British fleet, while
Admiral Rogers' division has been
operating in British waters guarding
convoys from possible attack by en
emy raiders.
WILL RECEIVE HONORS
BREST, Dec. 3 (Havas.) President
Wilson will land at Brest on the aft
ernoon of December 11 and will re
ceive military honors. Foreign Minis
ter Picbon, Minister of Marine Ley
gues and Cpt. Andre Tardieu, head of
the general commisison for Franco
American war questions, will greet
Mr. Wilson in the name of the French
government. The presidential train
will arrive In Paris on ihe morning of
December 13.
MAKING OVER THE MAP OF RUSSIA
CITIZENS TO BE
ASKED TO VOTE
ON NEW PAVING
(Continued from Pae One)
our service are given for purposes of
centralization of information ana inter-community
clearances. Make
everv effort to get the men back to
the farms where possible. The ex
tremely rapid demobilization oi me
army on the unit basis while indus
trial rhanees are rending and during
the winter months, presents to you
the problem of readjustment in us
most difficult form and renders im
nerative immediate action and the
co-operation of the organizing ability
In each community. We look to you
to see that the soldiers' bureau is or
ganized in vour community. The re-
! sponsibillly is up to you and te com
munity.
The councilmen were duly im
pressed by this message and promised
Mr. Ashurst to cooperate in any way
possible with his department.
Monthly reports of department
heads were read at the meeting.
COFFMAN IS MISSING
The casualty list In yesterday's In
ternational carried the name of Shel
by A. Coffman, reported to be missing
in action. Private Coffman has a sis
ter, Mrs. Walter L. Carlisle, of 627
Sixteenth street, residing in Douglas.
Shortly after finding the name In the
paper Mrs. Carlisle received a tele
gram from her sister. Miss Lake Coff
man, written on November 4. in which
he stated that he was well and h3ppy.
The family had been previously nofi
fied by the adjutant general that Pri
vate Coffman had been missing since
October 7. They are rejoicing over
the evident mistake of the report and
the fact that the brothers letter
reached here In time to alleviate their
worries. Private Coffman went to
France last August. He enlisted in
Texas.
mm
i Corns
janvl
li M 1
.ii ,v. r i
111
1
5w
' a
4.
A new government is reported to .
have been organized in southern j
Russia nnder the Cossack leader.
General, Denikine. The territory in- 0f Russia, indicated on the above
eludes the Ukraine recently cap- map by the shading north of the
imeu ay me wismirs, ana me os-i heavy black line
sack lands. The new government is
said to be in sympathy with the all
Russian republic of Siberia.
. American and British forces are
in control of the northern part I cow.
Between this black line and the
Ukraine the Bolsheviki are still in
power. They are in control of the
great cities of Petrograd and Moa-
MRS. BARNETT DEAD
Mrs. Mary Miller Barnett, wife of
Frank Barnett, died last night at her
home on Twenty-first street, Douglas.
She bad been suffering for a number
of year3 from heart trouble. Mrs.
Barnett was 28 years old and had
lived in Douglas practically since the
town was founded. 17 years ago. She
attended the Douglas schools and
is very well known, especially by the
old-timers. She is survived by her
husband and a 6 year-old daughter
and her father, J. A. Miller. Her
father was notified at Los Angeles
and will return to Douglas at once.
The funeral arrangements will be
held pending the arrival.
SECOND MAN DIES
Nogales: Felipe Gradillas, the sec
ond man wounded at Harshaw by Nick
Farrel, died early yesterday morning
and the body was removed to the mor
gue. Yesterday morning Justice Wil-
key an Constable Lopez summoned a
coroner's jury with the view of hold
ing a double inquest. After the jury
bad viewed the bodies an adjournment
was taken. It is expected that a large
number of witnesses will be brought
in from Harshaw to testify but what
pratcical information will be gleaned
la as yet an unknown quantity and
quality.
MAK
THE COMPANY THAT IS
ING GOOD!
Home Oil Co. is DRILLING FOR OIL in CHINO VALLEY, with modern, COM
PLETE STANDARD EQUIPMENT, and making daily progress that will soon drill into
the OIL SAND. It has been absolutely proven that OIL exists in Chino Valley. Discov
ery well drilled through 110 feet of OIL SAND, containing high grade PARAFFIN
BASE OIL. Had the water been properly handled in this well, Chino Valley would
have long since been a producing OIL FIELD.
Oil geologists with national reputation say OIL will be found in COMMERCIAL
quantities at depth of 1600 to 2000 feet. Home Oil is now close 1000 feet down and
making RECORD PROGRESS every day. '
Home Oil Co. has 160 acres of OIL LAND IN TEXAS OIL BELT. This territory
can be called PROVEN LAND, as it lies right in line with development that is proving to
be the greatest OIL producing era ever opened up in this country.
. Home Oil Co. HAS 320 acres in Holbrook Field. Three wells will be drilled in
this field, and Home Oil Co. land lies adjoining and close to wells being drilled.
THREE WAY CHANCE
lock
Only limited amount of stock at 5c a share. .
AS THE HOLE GOES DOWN STOCK GOES UP.
OIL offers the greatest opportunity for making BIG MONEY of any line of Hu
man endeavor, and Home Oil is offering you a chance to make MORE MONEY on the
amount you invest than ever OFFERED in the history of oil development.
Iiiu i nuivir. uiL.aiUL.rw IXUW, lUUAI. We believe Home Uil will sell lor
100 advance inside of 30 days.
As we near depth, where oil sand is known to exist, we predict enormous demand
for HOME OIL STOCK.
1 HOME OIL GO., Prescott, Ariz,
ADDITION GOES SLOWLY
Phoenix: By working three shifts
a day on the addition to the state capl
tol It is expected to have the ground
floor completed and ready for occu
pancy announcement was made today
by L. C. Whitney, chairman of the
commission of state institutions. The
offices of the attorney general have
never been in the capitol, but in a
downtown office building. The lease
on the offices at present occupied by
the attorney general will expire on
December 31, and for this reason an
extra effort will be made to have of
fices available for him in the new
addition.
TWO CONTESTS FILED
Florence: Contest suits were filed
in the superior court by E. P. Patter
son and Mrs. Delia A. Cole against H.
G. Richardson and Mrs. Mary A. Mc
Gee for the offices of county attorney
and county recorder, respectively. It
was quite certain from the first that
Mrs. Cole, who was defeated on the
face of the returns by one vote, would
not be content without a recount of
the entire county before being satis
fied that she bad been defeated.
Wbile no charge of fraud has been
made in the election it, is contended
KEPT HER AWAKE
Tk Terrible Paini in Back and
Sides. Ciriui Ca?e Relief.
Local Office:
FRUITMAN'S FASHION SHOP
Main St, Bisbee
Marksville, La. Mrs. Alice Johnson,
of this place, writes: "For one year 1
suffered with an awful misery in my back
and sides. My left side was hurting me
all the time. The misery was something
awfuL
I could not do anything, not even sleep
at nighL It kept me awake most of the
night ... I toolr different medicines, but
nothing did me any good or relieved me
until I took Cardul . . .
I was not able to do any of my work
for one year and I got worse all the time,
was confined to my bed off and on. I got
so bad with my back that when I stooped
downJwas not able to straighten up
Said ... I decided I would try Cardul
. . . By time I had taken the entire bottle
I was feeling pretty good and could
ttraighteo up and my pains were nearly
ill gone.
1 shall always praise Cardul. I con
firmed taking it until I was strong and
well." If you suffer from pains due to
iemale complaints, Cardui may be just
what you need. Thousands of women
who once suffered in (his way now praise
Cardul for their present good health.
QJve It a trial. NC-133
I REVIEW WANT AOS FOR RESULTS
by counsel for the plaintiffs that
probable, errors have been made In
tallying., For instance, in Florence
precinct Mary A. McGee was running
for county recorder and Chester F.
McGee was voted for constable, and
it is contended that often the ballot
was merely read McGee without ref
erence to given name, or office desig
nation. If this was the case, there
was a chance of unintentional error
on the part of the clerks in record
ing the vote for the wrong McGee.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS END
Phoenix: The Harshaw shootins
scrape which resulted in the death of
Reyes Morales and Felipe Gradiilos,
ended, so far as legal proceedings are
concerned for the present, when the
coroner's jury brought in their ver
dict. It was to the effect that the
two man came to their death as the
result of bullet wounds from a pistol
fired by Nick Farrell and that the
deed was Justifiable. Farrell's state
ment before the jury was to the effect
that he- was passing the house of
Morales and found the two men. Mo
rales and Gradl'las quarreling and
about to encase !li a fiht: that he at
tempted to pacify them when Morales
made at him with a dagger; he then
shot Morales and at once Gradillas
threatened him with a pistol and he
shot Gradillas.
Prescott: Leslie Shaver has filed In
the superior court at Yavapai county
a suit for $20.31)0 against Arthur L.
Garford, the Elyria. Ohio, capitalist,
and L. N. Butler, manager of Gar
ford's mining interests . in Yavapai
county. Butler had Shaver and sev
eral other employes of the Garford or
ganization arrested fur stealing and
selling mining machinery. The charge
against Shaver was dismissed upon
motion of the county attorney, for
lack of evidence. He asks punitive
damages in the sum of $20,000 and a
special judgment of $390 to cover his
costs in fighting the charge brought
by Butler.
0
MADAME CLARK The well known
clairvoyant and palmist. Are you
In trouble? If so, why not let
Madame Clark help you, as she Is
helping others evtry day.
TELLS HOW TO WIN
THE ONE YOU. LOVE
How to gain the love of the one you
most des-ire, even though miles away;
how to succeed in business; specula
lions; lawsuits; how to marry the ore
of your choice. Advice in love, mar
rlage. business, speculation, invest
ments. gives dates, '.acts, figures, telle
you of living or dead. YOUR SEC
ivii inuxi.i'0, nit: v;auc uuu im
edy: In fact.- tells everything. Give?
infallible advice on all affairs of life
If you are in trouble of any kind, un
happy, not satisfied in life, have do
mestic, love or business troubles, you
will be told how to overcome them
all. My record for successful work
during the past year is as follows:
Reunited 162 couples.
Urought about C?7 inarrlaees.
fjorated 27 absent rersons.
Overcome "2) rivals.
Removed 1!7 evil Influences.
Wh:tevr your trouble is, 1 cac
help you. n
MADAME CLARK
Hours: 10 a. m. to S p. m., daily
Lowell Hotel Rooms 1 and 2.
isbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
' A
OOD
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
J
The only CERTAIN way to insure financial
success and independence is to save part cf what
you earn.
A Bank Account here will care for your funds
conveniently and safely.
Have you one?
Bank with us.
T4y'
;arrett
Ever-Lastic Koofini
See advertisement on inside cover cf Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock.
Bisbee Lumber Co. inc.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop , PHONE 25
1
The Boy Stood on the Burning Deck
There was nowhere else to stand
while the Captain prepared copy for a
"Cook Wanted" Ad in The News Classi
fied Columns!
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of every tiiina ateaaonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon d.i!-.' i V') d;nn--r fro
5:20 to 7:30 p. m. Regular BocrdLy the month, $45.00
lf.'tiiry Popn, Manager.
L. J, OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Co- Boston, Ouluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
City Dye Works
PHONE 739
CLEANING
PRESSING
Opposite Y. IV. C. A. THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1918.
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEX A. CAIX Editor and General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for re-publication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not otherwise credited to this paper, and also, the
local news published therein
AH rights of re-publication of special dispatches here
in are also reservtd.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Ariiona,
Under Act of March S, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
PER MOXTH
THREE MONTHS
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
2.25
4.00
7.50
2.50
.75
No Subscription Tak-n for Less Than 75 Cents
A Kindly Word
Suite 1117, World Bid?., Xew York.
November 22, 1818.
Mr. Cullen A. Cain,
The Daily Review.
Bisbee. Ariz.
Dear Sir:
Your editoiral, entitled "A Vision," published
in The Daily Review of October 6, 1918, and entered in
EDITOR AND PUBLISHER'S contest for the honors
of writing the best editorials on the Fourth Lib
erty Loan, has been selected by the committee of
judges, Messrs. Lauzanne. Lord and Carvalho, as
worthy of an award of a CERTIFICATE OF DIS
TINGUISHED MERIT.
This certificate, bearing the written sig
natures of the Judges, will be forwarded to you
under same cover, with a similar certificate, awarded
to the Daily Review, for its public service in pub
lishing the editorial named.
The judges have made their decision without
any knowledge of the sources of the editorials
submitted .to them. -These numbered 636 in all,
representing enterprise by a majority of the im
portant newspapers of the United States.
EDITOR & PUBLISHER heartily congratulates
you upon the honor you have thus achieved.
With cordial ..good wisheg, i
Very sincerely yours,
THE EDITOR & PULLISHER COMPANY.
By JAMES W. BROWN. President and Editor.
r
The President's Junket
Of course President Wilson wants to go
to Europe, 'and be hailed as a hero by the
people of the 'allied nations. There's as
much human nature in the president
as there is in another man. And of
course a great many people do not want
him to go, for they have as much human
nature in them as the rest of us have. And
of course, Mr3. Wilson wants the president
to go, as most women - naturally would.
And of course the allied peoples will feast
and idolize and do everything humanly pos
sible to turn the head of the man who is at
the head of that great western nation
whose might and resources turned the
scales of the great war.
But the question is, is it right for the
president to leave this nation and cross seas
while holding office? Is it absolutely neces
sary for him to go? The temptation to go,
any honest minded man will admit, is very
great. But nevertheless there is no man
more closely bound by duty than is the head
of a nation. Duty has been preached and
practiced in this country for the past year
and a half to an extent not known since
the days of Valley Forge. Hence the presi
dent's ear should be as closely attuned to
duty's call as any ear in the nation.
As usual, the lines on this junket so far
drawn publicly, are political lines. The re
publicans say "nay" and the' democrats say
"yea" to the plan. But there is this differ
ence. The "yeas" are emphatic and indig
nant and ring like a bell. While the "nays"
are merely formal and mechanical and ring
like a party slogan. Wilson's junket will
be a glorious epic for Wilson and con
sume lots of newspaper and cable and tele
graph space and excite a gieat furore
abroad and result in the spilling of a lot of
words and the consumption of a lot of
choice foods and the burning of a lot of red
fire, BUT it may also well mean the death
knell of the democratic party for quite
some spell.
Ah, there's the rub.
And no one knows it better than the
democratic politicians who mechanically
"aye." And no one will tase keener or.
more resolute and relentless advantage of it
than the republican politicians.
A great voyage it will be for the Wilson
personality and a fatal voyage for the demo
cratic party.
Aside from its effect upon the political
affairs of this nation, its effects for good or
ill upon the troubled and tremendous af
fairs of Europe cannot be estimated at this
time. It may increase or it may well re
duce friction between the allies. Who can v
say. The danger lies in the great ovations
the allied peoples will give to the head of
this nation. Will Wilson take these trib
utes to himself or for his people as a whclc?
If the former, he may well attempt autoc
racy in the councils of democracy. If the
latter, he may accomplish much good at the
Versailles council that shall precede the
peace council.
Who can say ?
The temptation to go is as great as can
be. The temptation to fall before all this for
eign flattery is greater than can be imag
ined. Surely it was safer and saner to stay.
The highest duty to country was to stay,
As sure as fate there i3 to be a re-action for
President Wilson and he is rushing on to
greatef heights for a greater fall.
"Judge not rashly," saith the scriptures,
and so this column humbly withholds judgment.
A LEAKING TREASURY
(Tucson Citizen.)
It is a popular pastime among papers of
the state these days to advise Thos. E.
Campbell, the new governor, how to run
the state. a The Citizen has been indulging
in this new indoor sport along with the
other dailies. The Phoenix Gazette , thinks
that the greatest service the new governor
can perform is to get rid of some of the sur
plus job holders at the capital. The Douglas
Dispatch gives as its opinion that his first
duty should be to cleanse the Augean
stables of the satelites of the Hunt machine.
The Prescott Journal Miner also believes he
should clean house from cellar to garret
and he has taken the advice of this journal
by appointing the editor his private secre
tary to help do the job. The Citizen has
already said that his first task should be to
fire the board of regents of the university
and sever Johnnie Hughes from the office
of chancellor.
On one point, however, all of the papers
are agreed and that is that economy should
be the watchword of the new administra
tion. The Phoenix Messenger, a demo
cratic paper, which supported Colter, sug
gests that there be a thorough examination
of the books of all state offices, with a view
to stopping the leaks. The Messenger does
not contend that there has been graft, but
gross waste.
Arizona has been surfeited with money
since the mines began to bear their just bur
den of taxation and the state offices have
been spending it like drunken sailors. The
sooner they are pulled up short the better.
If the legislature will give the new governor
its co-operation, we believe he can save the
taxpayers thousands of dollars without im
pairing the efficiency of the state government.
It is true that liberal appropriations will
be needed for certain reconstruction enter
prises, but neither the small taxpayers nor
the large ones will object to money expend
ed for this purpose as long as they get their
money s worth. Now that the Icontract
system has been restored, on state work, it
will be possible to make public improve
ments at reasonable cost.
Everybody expects Governor Campbell
to clean house on January 1 , bat once this
is accomplished, he must turn his attention
to stopping the leaks in the treasury if he is
to make good as governor.
BELGIUM'S "FOOLISHNESS
King Albert and his associates in the
Belgian government in 1914, gave the su
preme exhibition of what many persons
might have called foolishness. Germany
desired to pass through Belgium, in order
to strike France on its unprotected fron
tier. It was ready to pay handsomely for
the privilege.. Yet the , Belgian govern
ment refused the bribe.
Its decision meant Louvain, and the long
series of horrors that followed the burn
ing of towns, the murder of hostages, all
the terrors that a brutal army could bring
to a conquered territory. But it deliber
ately accepted the risk of the long agony
and destruction, rather than peace at the
price of shame and dishonor.
Today who questions the wisdom as well
as the righteousness of the choice? The
record written by Belgium in the hearts of
men is an imperishable gain to civilization.
It is not too much to say that the little na
tion's decision was a profound moral sig
nificance to the world, that the world is
different because of it.
There are times in the history of nations
as well as individuals that he that saveth
his life shall lose it!
AMERICA READY
TO DEAL WITH
PEACE PROBLEM
.tinned from fast Ore)
Society note from the winter resorts:
Mr. William Hohenzollern is staying in
Holland for his health.
i -
I representatives here lor conference
with the commission and numerous
I secret documents, together with the
texts of treaties signed during the
war, which never have been pub
lished in full, were assembled. In its
final stages the Inquiry was centered
on territorial matters, ana the mem
bers going abroad with the president
with the exception of representatives
of the state department, are terri
torial specialists. Part of the staff
in International law, including David
H. Miller, chairman of the law com
mittee of the state department, al
ready is in Europe, it was stated.
Among Those Going.
Among members of the inquiry who
will accompany the president are.
Director, Dr. S. E. Mezes, president
of the College of the City of New
York.
Chief territorial specialist. Dr.
Isaiah Bowman, director of the Amer
ican Geographical society.
Specialist on economic resources.
Allyn A. Young, head of the depart
ment of economics at Cornell uni
versity.
Charles H. Hasklns, dean of the
graduate school of Harvard univer
sity, specialist on .Alsace-Lorraine
and Belgium.
Clive Day, head of ecenomlcs de
partment at Yale, specialist on the
Balkans.
W. E. Lunt, professor of history,
Haverford college, specialist on
northern Italy.
P. S. Lord, professor of history at
Harvard, specialist on Russia and
Poland.
Charles Seymour, professor of his
tory at Yule, specialist of Austria-
Hungar.r.
W. L. westermann, professor of
history at the University of Wiscon
sin, specialist on Turkey.
G. L. Beer, formerly of Columbia
university, specialist on colonial his
tory.
Cartographer Mark Jefferson, pro
fessor of geography, Michigan State
Normal college.
Roland B. Dixon, professor of eth
nography at Harvard.
Maj. 1. W. Johnson, Columbia uni
versity.
Maj. Lawrence Martin, University
of Wisconsin.
Capt. W. C. Farabee, tlic University
museum, Philadelphia.
Capt. Stanley Hornbecfc. author of
Contemporary Politics in the Far
East."
The four Inst named are officers of
the military intelligence service as
signed to the inquiry for special prob
lems on strategy, economics and eth
nography. Other members of the
party will be map-makers and general
assistants.
How Inquiry Started.
The inquiry, the geographical so
ciety's statement said, grew out of a
conference between President Wilson
and Colonel House in September, 1917.
It was soon evident that the scope of
the investigation would demand not
only a personnel of size and quality
hitherto unknown in any such work,
but headquarters from safety from
enemy activity for secret documents
must be assured. This problem was
solved when the American Geographi-
al society placed its building and part
of its staff, including its director, at
the disposal of the Inquiry without
cost.
The cartographic force of the Amer
ican Geographical society, augmented
by government aid, began a map
making program hitherto without
precedent In this country, all work
being carefully drawn from the latest
and best sources. Maps were made
to visualize not only all manner of
territorial boundaries, but distribution
of peoples, number and local densities
of populations, religions, economic ac
tivities, distribution of material re
sources, trade routes, both historic
and potential, strategic points, etc.
Most Complete Map.
A series of base maps and block
diagrams, the most nearly accurate in
existence was prepared by the society,
bearing upon all the geographical
problems of the war and peace.
Upon these base maps the peace
commissioners, by use of colored lines,
may immediately have a map showing
new state lines, ethnic boundaries, a
rectified frontier, or a distribution of
any sort; and at the signing of the
treaty of peace a complete record of
the new map of Europe.
Information grouped by the inquiry
has been so carefully classified, di
vided, and sub-divided, the society
state, that it will be instantly avail
able. It includes political history,
emphasizing the rights of minority
peoples in cosmopolitan populations;
international law, with a groundwork
for bringing this subject up to date;
diplomatic history. Including that of
the present war, economics, geo
graphy, economic and political; phys
iography with special attention to
strategic frontiers and topographic
barriers; cartography (map-making
from ail viewpoints), education and
irrigation.
Transport Huge Library.
In addition to this library the peucc
commissioners will have at their com
mand hundreds of books and maps
from the American Geographical so
ciety. Harvard and Princeton uni
versities. .Haverford college, the
library of congress and the New York
public library, which have been trans
ported overseas.
Similar inquiries, it was stated,
have been progress abroad, notably
in Franc." and Englaud. and there
have been frequent conferences be
tween t'lese and the American Investi
gators for delivery of. material and
interchange cf views.
EVERY PIRATE HAS HIS DAY'
State and County News Briefs
County News
E. N. McCormick, a Southern Pa-
ausplccs of the ReJmen lodge and a afternoon. The horses are for use In
large number of friends from differ- Mexico, it was reported,
ent parts of the county attended. The
funeral service of the Redmea was' Tuma: Butchers refused to handle
ready hv Paul Smith. The rforeamtd . . , .
cific numnman at Rowi. wn .raided "'.-I . Z. -.....I me inanKSgmng waae.
' ' was a urn ui uiuu&iuiie iuu V w FBrmpr, wro ilum-indliK, In .an(. m
by steam Monday night. He died at rhuP countv and his DassinB was rarm.era re demanding 30 cents a
Draeoon while beinr taken to Tucson 1 . Z CJ.n,y , 018 PaBSlnK w pound on the hoof and the butchers
uragoon wiuie oeing taken to rucson , noted with great regret by many old- declared that ther coulri ti.it Hr..
on Train No. 109. He was of middle j tiper8 who knew him. Me was Duried 'VX birL . ie, than !S
age and leaves relatives in Cleveland.! bfthe side of his wife, who preceded cents The, -did Tot Jl BJ2
Ohio. The manner of the accident had hfm to the erave illa. a week rom th - "., J 5 'T .P?ple
nuuiu yjr muva m price so ueciaea noi
same cause, influenza. 1 10 nandle tnrkeys at ,u.
not been learned.
Harry Overlook has resumed his po
sition as customs inspector at Doug
las. He resigned some time ago to
be desk sergeant and then went to
the C. & A. smelter as head watch
man. Gid Thompson, who has been
mounted inspector for some time is
in Sonora on business.
Miss Emma Adams and John Field
ing left Douglas last night for Tucson
and they will bem arried there today.
Mrs. Adams, mother of the bride, ac
companied them. Miss Adams has
been cashier at the Airdome. The
young couple will make their home
in Tucson.
Mrs. A. Schuster of Tombstone on
Saturday night entertained Misses
Vera and Olive Smith and Miss Fran
cis Staniger to a dinner party with a
number of friends present. The girls
will soon leave for Colorado and Ala
bama, where they have been called
into the nurse reserve training corps.
Manager H. M. Eckerman of the
Tombstone Lumber company expects
to move his family to Benson shortly
to remain during the time that he
has charge" of the cement work on
the Tombstone-Benson highway in
order that he will be conveniently
near the work.
Elbert, the 5-year-olj son of Mr.
and Mrs. Bud Holland, died Monday
night in Tombstone following an at
tack of what at first was thought to
be ptomaine poisoning. " Examination,
however, proved' that there was no
ptomaine poisoning and that there
was something wrong with the boy's
brain from which he could not live.
The boy was the only son of Mr. and
Mrs. Holland in a large family of girls
and the parents have the sympathy of
the community. The funeral was held
yesterday afternoon.
Miss Claudine Smith, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Perry R. Smith, died at
2 o'clock yesterday afternoon at the
family, home, 820 Fifteenth street in
Douglas, from bronchial pneumonia,
following an attack of influenza. Miss
Smith was not yet 20 years of age.
She was graduated from the Douglas
high school in last year's class. Miss
Smith had lived in Douglas the larger
part of her life, having come here
with her parents shortly after the
town was founded. She had a wile
circle of friends, to whom ber death
will come as a severe blow. .Funeral
arrangements have not yet been made.
Miss Smith is survived by her par
ents and two younger brothers.
Clarksdale: After several weeks
strenuous battling with the Spanish
influenza the emergency hospital in
Clarksdale was closed and the last
inmate discharged. While there are
still a few convalescing cases at their
homes, it is hoped and believed that
the scourge has been practically wiped
out in this Ticinity. No new cases
have developed for several days.
Flagstaff: Two young men who
went to war from here have given
their lives fcr their country, accord
ing to reports Just received. They are
Cpl. Mark T. Moore and Raphael Car
los. Corporal Moor was a grandson
of Mrs. A. L. Porter and a nephew
of A. N. Porter of Mesa. He was bom
in Phoenix February 7, 1393. Carlos
was the son of Mr. and Mrs. E. S. Car
los. Both men were killed in action a
few days before the Germans surrendered.
James A. Tavlor. head of the job
I department of the Daily International,
I). ( O'Neil of Douglas has rec eived na8 received iron. Governor Hunt a
a letter from IM J. J. P. Armstrong. ' proclamation announcing that the
who went to London a month or so s,atflr board of pardons on November J
ago to do reconstruction work in the 23 ' at Florence, granted him a par-1
British hospital service. The letter
was written November 8 and the doc
tor said he intended to report for
duty the following Monday, November
11, which was the day the armistice
was signed. The doctor told of meet
ing several friends in tandon and
said he would write later and give
his impressions of the city.
Superior: With a capacity of 100
tons a day, a milling or reduction
plant is to be erected at the mines of
the Silver Belt Consolidated Mining
company, according to Col. J. B. Dud
ley, managing director. The process
used will be flotation and concentra
tion. There are now 40.000 tons of fair
grade ore on the old ore dump, accu
mulated in the early days and left as
second class ore w hen the mine was a
big high grade ore producer.
In Angus., 1911, at Phoenix,' Yuma: The state highway commis-
don.
Taylor killed Guy C. Kilgore in a case
in which the "unwritten :aw." accord
ing to Mr. Taylor, was violated. In
December of thu year Taylor was
sentenced to life imprisonment for
murder. He was paroled October 2.
1915. Ho has been in the employ of
the Daily International more than
two years. He has been a printer for
sion will assist Yuma county in ex
tending through Ariiona the Yuma
San Bernardino road, according to
word received here from Phrenix. The
California end of the road has been
planned and all estimates of cost
made, with a view to pushing the work
as soon as the required legislation can
be secured. The new extension of th
offices and print shops all over the
northwest and the Pacific coast and
is acknowledged to be an artist in
type. This good fortune coming to
Mr. Taylor will be the cause of satis
faction t his many friends in the
state.
The women having all been defeated for
seats in congress, the assembling statesmen
with a sigh of relief can plore thrir feet on j
their desks. '
FLORIDA BONE DRY
il'.y it.'-lv- l,."iis-l Wlr
A deal was closed yesterday where
by Mrs. Minnie Reasonovcr has pur
chased from Mrs. A. Klaw the Cottage
rooming house on Fremont street, in
Tombstone, and the change will be
made today. The consideration was
not given. Mr. Keasonover will con
tinue to operate the Cottage and will
keep her usual number of hoarders,
while Mrs. Klaw will go to Courtland
to visit her dauchter for a while be
fore moving to southern California.
where she epxects to make her home.
. Yuma: After being closed for sev-
The state road builders are prepar Pral weeks on account of influenza,
ing to open the section of road from ! tne schools at Somerton and Gadsden,
the railroad crossing on Allen street. I 'n inp Yuma valley, have been re
in Tombstone, to the point where the ; opened.
road turns off near the cemetery lead
ing to the powder house. This is but
about 1.V0 to 2"mi feet, but it saves
49 years and is known in newspaper ! 'e3rl ' "ctan highway will give
About the State
Yuma. Somerton and Gadsden a great
advantage in the matter of east and
westbound travel, and is expected to
bring through here a large volume of
winter motor travel to Los Angeles.
The motorist have been accustomed
to using the northern Arizona route.
Glot: Glotx's long expected fed
eral building finally threatens to be
coi;;e a realty, at least the govern
ment has issued a call for bids on a
structure to cost $125,000. The bids
will be opened in Washington. D. C.
on January 13. 1919. Plans and speci
fications ran be seen at the local post
office here Custodian Wilson T.
Wright w ill be pleased to gie any in
formntlon wanted by prospective bid
ders. The site for the new federal
Holhrook: Machinery has been
purchased for a 30harrel flour mill
going over the roc ks from the end of 'hut is to be erected at Eagar. Apache I building, the block adjoining the Hap-
Fremont street. The construction county. R. L Grtssrom. E. W . Wilt-1 tist church on the corner of Sycamore
crew ban certainly done a good Job in ; bank. W. K. Wiltbank and J. Burgos j and Hill streets, was purchased sev
ruising the fill and cutting the high , are the backers of the venture. ieral , years ago at a cost of $15,000.
ridue' as well as widening this purlieu- Early in 1917 orders were received
I ll.-a,ll lllll ..Urn ft, ll l-u.iu f..iii I h.irn w...,..,u.. Ik.. ..1.1 .......
in. c iv, ii-iuifir tut' iriu niluilUiri
from the site and it was thought at
that time that work would start at
but the war wrecked
bids were tailed.
TALLAHASSEE. Fla.. Dec. S The i lar Mrelc h of road anUtlie ehauge. has 1 Iwscm: Mim cars of h.rses from
lioiixe today unanimously adopted the j reduced the grade c onsiderably. the .Mexican government agency at
senate "hone dry" bill. i t'alexicrt. ('jclif.. were received at the
, The funeral of John Haas was held i Morris yards Sunday and shipped on an BrIy date,
REVIEW WANT ADS i Sunday from the Porter Undertakiii, to consignee, the Mcxi'-nit coverunietit ' all hopes and the
BRING RESULT8 'parlors, iu Tonibotouc, uudur the agency at Eagle Pass, Texas, Tuesday j iu. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1918.
FIVE
OUR
GOVtRKHEN
T
HAS
OFFERED
SUGGESTIONS YET
(By Review Leaned Wire)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3. The Amer
ican government has made no sug
gestions whatever to Chile and Peru
as to the disposition of the disputed
provinces of Tacna and Arica. This
was announced officially tonight at
the state department.
"The state department," said the
announcement, "has made no sugges
tion whatever as to territory, but has
urged that everything possible be
done to maintain peaceful relations.'
in suspension are those providing for
the pay of reserves and national guard
I oifictrs and men.
The naval estimates are framed on
exactly opposite theory, every provi
sion is made for steady and rapid in
crease of the fleet, a total of approxi
mately $434,000,000 being asked. Of
that sum $200,000,000 is' the first in
crement of the proposed new three
year building program providing for
ten additional dreadnaughts, six bat
tle cruisers and 140 other fighting
j craft. The remainder of the $434,000,-
000 would go to complete ships of the
nrst tnree-year program.
ALL-STEEL, GUN PROOF AIRPLANE WAS LATEST U. S. WAR ENGINE
; V..- :. . " --.. 'vs-m...
- -IWIH r ,r!m
VIENNA IS FACING
HEAVY SNOWSTORM
CREATE JOINT COMMITTEE.
(Tly Review Lased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3. Creation
of a joint congressional committee,
consisting of members of both houses,
to inquire into the railroad situation
soon will be sought, it was said to
day, after President Wilson had ad
vocated this plan in his address be-
I fnra rnnirrpHH Thla rnmmlttPA wnulfl
This was the first information that , invite railroad executives, labor lead
ers, financial representatives, offi
cials of the railroad administration
and members of the interstate com
merce commission to give their views
as to the best policies for future man
agement of the rail lines. The com
the United States government had
communicated with the Chilean and
Peruvian governments concerning the
dispute over the two provinces.
Diplomatic observers here sug
gested some time ago that should the
American government be asked to in-. mittee tnen wouii attempt to formu
terfere it probably would take into
consideration Bolivia's claims because
the disputed territory was once a
part of that republic and through it
Bolivia could again be given an out
let to the Pacific. Officials, however,
have declined to comment on this
suggestion.
According td official information re
ceived today at the Chilean embassy.
the statement that the military and
naval reserves have been called to
arms is incorrect. What took place,
according to this information, was nn
"administrative measure of an in
ternal nature," including a decision
that Jt was Impossible to continue in
service the drafts recently dis
charged. The Peruvian legation also was ad
vised from Lima that the Peruvian
military reserves have not been called
to the colors It also was said that
the relations between Peru and Brazil
are in no way affected by the dispute
with Chile.
late a plan for some sort of unified
control and common management
which most students of railroad mat
ters are said to advocate, regardless
of whether the government retains or
relinquishes its present control.
HALF MILLION ARMY.
(Br Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Dot. 2. A regular
army of approximately half a million
men is provided for specically in esti
mates submitted to congress today
for the fiscal year 1920, beginning
next July 1. Detailed items on the
pay of the army show that in the
total of $1,922,1)00000, asked for, ex
clusive of the fortification estimates,
provision is made for the payment of
only 21,259 officers and 382,667 men
of the line and approximately 130,000
non-combatant troops with the re
quisite staff officers.
The inclusion in the estimates, how
ever, of five items of pay with a nom
inal appropriation of $100 each asked,
shows that the whole question of the
strength of the army after the con
clusion of peace has been deferred
and that supplemental estimates are
to be expected under these headings
when it is possible to present a com
pleted project. The items thus held
CONGRESS
BUSY
w; i y,3 sr..:: ..-..ja Lsaaaatv . - s?,s 1
Iffr - -V r f -
" i- 1
Latest U. S. airplane produced Just before war ended.
Above ia shown the very latest
type of American airplane, a verit-
Murray-Carns plane, built entirely I canvas-covered type. Hundreds of
of steel, and said to be (run proof.
Fliers say that it is more buoyant
and more easily controlled than the
these new craft would have beer,
terrorizing; the German forces in a
few week had not the war ended
when it did.
DR. GARFIELD HAS RESIGNED
WITH BIG BILLS
(By P.evU w Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3. With pre
liminaries of the new session dis
posed of, congress today began work
on the mass of appropriation and
other measures now pending. Only
minor bills were considered today in
the senate and house, but committees
were at work on appropriation bills.
Except for these measures and the
revenue bill, the session's legislative
program remains largely to be framed.
Representative Kitchen, the demo
cratic leader in the house, said today
that appropriation measures in the
main are to occupy the house.
Immediate steps are to be taken to
frame legislation to deal with the
railroad situation. Chairman Smith
of the senate interestate commerce
committee said today that he plans
conferences soon with Chairman Sims
of the house and with railroad ad
ministration officials, and expects
that a joint committee will be named
to inquire thoroughly into the sub
ject. Senator Smith said legislation at
this session is necessary as he under
stands the president is in favor of
immediate return of the railroads to
private ownership, unless congress de
cides upon some other policy.
The house postoffice committee to
day began work on the postoffice bill,
carrying $361,477,000, with the inten
tion of completing it within a few
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3. Fuel Ad-
ministrator Garfield has resigned and !
President Wilson has accepted his
resignation. This was announced to-
night at the White House.
"It was announced at the executive j
offices today," said the statement, !
"that United States Fuel Administra
tor Garfield had tendered his resig-,
nation to take effect at the pleasure j
of the president and that the pregi-j
dent had accepted the resignation, al-,
though it was made clear that the
need of domestic consumers will con
tinue to receive the attention of the
fuel administration until the winter
is past"
The collspondcnce between the
president and Dr. Garfield was not
made public, nor was there any in
formation as to when the resignation
becomes effective or whether a suc
cessor to Dr. Garfield will be named.
It is understood that Dr. Garfield
; plans to remain at his post the re
j mainder of this month, but that after
: the holidays he will resume his duties'
as president of Williams college. It
j it assumed that he resigned at this
i time so that the president could act
I in the matter before his departure for
Europe.
The white house statement made it
clear that the fuel administration will
i continue to function, certainly until
i the end of the winter.
days. The naval committee also re-
sumed work on the naval appropria-
tion measure and the military commit-!
tee plans to start work on the army;
bill within a few days. The legisla-j
tive bill is being rounded into form,'
and the District of Columbia measure ;
probably will be reported to the house .
before the end of the week. I
Finishing touches were given by
the senate finance committee to the
COOKS-WAITERS STRIKE
PERU NOT MOBILIZING
revised war revenue bill, which is
to be reported Thursday if possible,
with a minority report by republi
cans opposing its plan to levy $4,000,
000,000 taxes in 1920.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3. Broadway
theater crowds were disappointed to
night when they emerged from the
playhouses to find many of the popu
lar restaurants in the t Tiroes of a
waiters' and cooks' strike.
The strike was called at 6 o'clock.
after hotel and restaurant managers
had "defied" the employes to carry out
their threats of a general strike. Some
of the restaurants had prepared for
emergencies and remained open,
though with depleted staffs. Others
closed.
(By Review Leased Wire)
BUENOS AIRES. Dec. 3. The Pe
ruvian legation here declared today
that Peru was not mobilizing its army.
The minister has been informed by
the foreign office that Peru intends
to take no military step, despite the
Chilean mobilization.
You may swallow your peach-stones
now. Chicago Tribune.
Now the war's over, our troubles
begin. Chicago Tribune.
(By Review Leaned Wire) j
VIENNA, Sunday, Dec. 1, (By the!
Associated Press.) Vienna is facing:
la heavy snowstorm with a coal sup-1
j ply for only two weeks due to the fact
' that the Czecho-Slovak government is
' not willing to trade with German-
speaking towns. The Poles have coal,
j but will not let it out through Czech
territory to Austria because the
Czechs have not yet granted certain
territorial compensation.
Poles also control the Galician oil
output and refuse to sell it to Czechs.
For more than a month each of the
neighboring republics has been trying
to gain possession of the railway roll
ing stock of the other republics. The
same situation applies to paper mon
ey, each government being unwilling
for any other government to get it.
At every frontier the passengers
and their baggage are searched. If
large sums of money are found in the
possession of the passengers it is tak
en and a receipt given for it. An of
ficer who left Vienna today waa
searched and two million crowns war
taken from him at the railway station.
A sergeant wag searched and on mil
lion crowns were found in his haver
sack. While each republic still is using
the money of the old empire, none of
the republics wishes to let it leave its
boundaries, since any one republic
might soon find itself drained. Busi
ness between the republics ia being
suspended until new compensations
are arranged.
A bank at Vienna may transfer
credit for a customer to Prague or
Budapest, but the banks in the latter
places are not permitted to issue mon
ey against credit until the money it
self is deposited. Here the attempts
to smuggle large sums of money over
the various frontiers.
Phoenix: Permission for construc
tion of road between Auga Caliente
and Antelope hill granted. University
of Arizona issues bulletin No. 91 giv
ing locations of manganese deposits
throughout state.
M. Fcgel, a wealthy bond broker
who was heavily interested in Miami
and other Arizona mining properties,
was lured into a vacant house in Los
Angeles and beaten to death with a
crowbar. He was also robbed of $500.
J
EHLL5
Good blood makes firm tissue, strong nerves,
steady eyes and clear brain. Keep your blood pure and
full of healthy, red corpuscles, and your liver active, by
using Beeqham's Pills, which remove poisonous matters
from the system, assist the stomach to assimilate its
food, and the food to nourish the body. A world
famous remedy to strengthen the vital organs and help to
Make Pure Blood
Directions of Special Vain to Women are with Every Box.
Sold by druggUu throughout the world. In boxea, 10c, 25c
All Now in
Pink Wrappers .
To save tin foil for Uncle Sam,
WRIGLEYS is now all wrapped
in pink paper and hermetically
sealed in wax:
1. The tangey
flavor of mint
2. The luscious
different flavor
3. The soothing
flavor of
peppermint
All in pink-end packages and
all sealed air-tight. Be Sure
to get WRIGLEYS because
The Flavor Lasts! p
BR
ING THE LITTLE ONES ,TO SEE
is
Everything considered, it was quite a task to assemble such a collection bf playthings as is on display here. We have such a variety
of toys that a selection can be made that will please any kiddie. There are toys of all kinds for children of all ages. All "made in U. S. A.,"
the best kind of toys to buy.
There are dolls, express wagons, hobby horses, automobiles, doll carriages, coasters, tricycles; tables, chairs, mechanical toys and
all kinds of games and numerous other attractions.
Big Special in Toilet and Mani
cure Sets. -See Window! Display
EVERYONE WILL BE GLAD AND APPRECIATE SUCH A
GIFT. IT IS ONE OF THE REQUISITES THAT ARE ABSOLUTELY
NECESSARY TO THE FINISH OF "MY LADY'S" BOUDOIR.
BELOW WE QUOTE A FEW OF THESE SPECIAL PRICES:
$30.00 set $20.00
$32.50 set $22.50
$35.00 set $25.00
$50.00 set $33.50
1
$55.00 set $40.00
Santa Claus Says: "Everybody
Seems to Want a
Vicixola"
W VC "L"
That's easily explained it is just the
thing for Christmas.
Its delightful music not only helps ' to
make a "Merry Christmas," but keeps right
on giving pleasure throughout the year.
Prices range from $22.50 to $225.00. We
also carry the Sonora Machine. This is an ex
ceptionally fine make, with tones soft and mel
low. In fact, it was the prize winner at the
San Francisco Fair, having an adjustable sound
box that will play any make or record. Prices
range from $50.00 to $175.00.
bit- v
3
VictroU XI-A
MAbogoay of oak THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1918.
BEATTY DENOUNCES HUNS
BE A JOY-WALKER,
"GETS-IT" FOR CORNS
LEST WE FORGET AT THE PEACE CONFERENCE
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Dec. 3, (British wire
less service.) A scathing denun
ciation of the parsonnel of the
Germany navy was made by Ad
miral Sir David Beatty, comman
der in chief of, the British grand
fleet, in a speech addressed to a
gathering of representatives of
first battle cruiser squadron on
board the battle cruiser Lion prior
to its departure for the Scapa
flow as an escort to the surren
dered ships of the German hih
seas fleet.
"We had expected them," said
Admiral Bratty. "to have the cour
age that we looked for from those
whose work lies upon the great
waters, and 1 am sure that the
sides of this gallant old ship,
which have been well hammered
in the past, must have ached as 1
ached and as you ached, to give
thein another taste of what we
had intended for them.
"Their humiliating end was
the proper end for an enemy who
has proved himself so lacking in
chivalry. At sea his strategy, his
tactics, and his behavior have
been beneath contempt wml
worthy of a nation whi h has
waged war in the manner in
which the enemy has waged war.
"We know that the British sail
or has a large heart and a short
memory. Try to harden the heart
and lengthen the memory and re
member that the enemy which
you are looking afier is a despic
able beast, neither more or less.
He is not worthy the sacrifice of
the life of one bluejacket in the
grand fleet; in that is the one
bright spot. In the fact thru be
did not come out."
I 2 Drop, 2 Second Corn It Doomed!
When you almost die with your
shoes on and corns make you almost
1 walk sideways to get away from
the pain, take a vacation for a miu
I ute or two and apply 2 or 3 drops
A
Ik
SIX
FULL PARDON IS
GIVEN BV WILSON
(F!y Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON", Dec. 3. Lt. Col. L.
G. Vincent and Georg-e W. Mixter,
" army officers named by Charles HI
Hughes in his report on the airerait
investigation as having been guilty of
transacting business with private con
certs in which they were financially
interested, have been pardoned by
President Wilson.
This Announcement was made to
night at the White House:
"It was announced at the executive
office today that the president ba.d
pardoned Lt. Col. George W. Jlixter
and Lt. CoL J. G. Vincent, whom the
recent report on aircraft production
showed to be technically guilty be
cause of a breach of statutes, be
cause he entirely concurs in the views
of the attorney general with regard to
these two cases. He believes that the
two gentlemen concerned, were entire
ly innocent of any Improper or selfish
intentions, that their guilt was only
technical, and that their services to
the government, which have been of
the highest value and of the most dis
interested sort, deserve'a most cordial
recognition."
No action against Colonel Vincent
or Colonel Mixter has been taken by
the department of justice and the
granting of full pardons to them -was
recommended to the president by At
torney General Gregory, who took up
their cases in separate letters to the
president. These letters were made
public tonight.
Colonel Vincent was vice-president
of the Packard Motor Car company
and was one of the designers of the
Liberty motor. "The authorities auth
orized Mr. Vincent to build a required
number of models and experimental
motors and he directed his company
to do the work under his supervision,"
said Mr. Gregory's letter to the presi
dent. Later, during the progress of
the work, he was commisisoned in the
signal corps, resigning as an officer
ot the Packard company but retaining
the ownership of his stock. His of
fense is that ho acted for the govern
ment in connection with settling the
compensation to be paid the Packard
company for this work. There is no
evidence that he did not act in entire
good faith, or that any'advantage was
taken of the government. The produc
tion of the Liberty motor was one of
the great achievements in connection
with the war. Colonel Vineent render
ed invaluable services iu designing
and perfecting it."
Mr. Hughes' report said Colonel
Mixter owned 25 shares of stock of the
Curtiss Airplane & Motor corpora
tion valued at $2,500. while he acted
for the government iu supervising In
spection and production at this com
pany s plant.- This was held by both
Mr. Hughes and Mr. Gregory to vio
late the law.
"Lieutenant Colonel Mixter," said
Mr. Gregory's letter to the president,
"testified that he had formerly owned
a small amount of both common and
preferred too; that at the time he was
commisisoned he had sold the com
mon stock and overlooked the fact
that he still owned the preferred
stock. There is nothing in the evi
dence warranting the conclusion that
Lieutenant Colonel Mixter did not act
in entire good faith in the transac
tion referred to or indicating that he
was influenced by his ownership of
this preferred stock, which paid a
fixed dividend.
"Lieutenant Colonel Mixter has per
formed efficient Ben-ice for the gov
ernment and at a substantial sacrifice."
NONPARTISANS HAVE
SECRET SESSION AT
WHICH HEAD CHOSEN
A. C. TOWNLEY RE-ELECTED
PRESIDENT OF PARTY IN OPEN
ING SESSION OF FIVE DAYS
GATHERING ANNOUNCED;
SOMETHING DOING TODAY
vv :
(By Review Lenied Wire)
ST. PAUU Minn., Dec. 3. A. C.
Townley, president of the National
Non-Partisan league, was re-elected
late today at the annual convention
of the league, which opened a five
day session here today. This an
nouncement was given out by Herbert
Gaston, a member of the league, to
night to newspaper men who were
barred from attending the meetings
of the league.
The chairman of the meeting was
authorized to appoint a resolutions
committee and this and the re-election
of Townley was the only busi
ness transacted this afternoon, ac
cording to Mr. Gaston.
.Most of the day was taken up with
speech making, he said, including the
( annua address of the leagne presi
dent.
Regarding tomorrow's session, Mr.
Gaston said: "Perhaps something
will be doing tomorrow."
j NATIONAL LABOR PARTY
j FORMS IN ILLINOIS
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
I BLOOM INGTON, Ills., Dec. 3. A
inew national independent labor party
came into existence at this afternoon's
f session of the Illinois Federation of
, Labor. The only opposition came from
, a few scattering socialist delegates
; who urged that organized labor tajte
up the socialist party as its means of
: making its influence felt in politcal
! affairs.
The new political party was con
' ceived by the Chicago Federation of
' Labor.
SC'C
4S
-jr-"
What German mine did to part of La Bassee.
Scenes like this will not be for
gotten by the delegates to the
world peace conference. The Ger
mans, in their, retreat before the
allied forces, used great quantities
of explosives to wreck whole vil
lages and parts of cities after they
were driven from tlienrby the
allies. The photo shows what the
Germans did in La Bassee. When
they left that city they planted a
mine in the street and attached a
time fuse to the mine. The effect
of the explosion is evident in the
picture.
BIG PROBLEMSiOF
PEACKCONFRONT
11
LIEUTENANT SAYS
! KILLED CAPTAIN
i cur
mm
FOR
CRITICISING
STEAM TRAWLERS MISSING
(By Review Leased Wire)
PORT ARTHUR. Ont.. Dec. 3. Ship
captains arriving here reported today
that they have received wireless mes
sages from Fort Williams, Ont., seek
ing information regarding the steam
trawlers , Inkerman and Cerisoles.
These trawlers built for France and
manned by French sailors left Fort
William for Montreal on November 23.
Won't somebody tell the profiteers
the war is over? Detroit Journal.
...
i
x The public is wise
v in its food select-
ions.
v
.
Recent demand
for "the well known
ready-cooked food
Grape5wt
shows how fche f irs-fc
use of a full -worth
food is followed by
continued repeat ;
orders.
Nothihg made of wheat
and barleyihas so'much
of atractive3?ste and
standby'nourishment
as Grape-Nuts food.
4i
There's .a Reason
1
J
Maintenance of Peace in Pe
riod Before Conference Is
(By Review Leased Wire)
LOS ANGELES. Cal Dec. 3. A
statement in which he described the
fatal shooting of his superior officer.
Difficult: What Congress! Capt. Abram Posner, was made in the
; county jail here tonight by Lt. Harry
Does Is Important ; Perry, according to deputy sheriffs
j who f-arlier in the day had captured
I the officer at Palmdale, 60 miles
: north of here.
VIENNA, Thursday, Nov. 28 (By j captain Posner died yesterday at
the Associated Press). Two big prob-1 Escondido, Cal., after making a state
lems confront the republics which jment. In which he accused Ueuten-
from the ruins of the ' "l V, , . r,l
1 111K11L, US UH IIVW I1UIII HU ttULUIUUUUC
i act, under which the price is made, is
J nullified by the conclusion of peace.
The administration tonight issued
1 a statement interpreting the Lever
; act and pointing out that the
law provides that "all rights or liabil
ities under this act arising before its
termination, continue, and may be en-
: forced in the same manner as if the
' act had not terminated."
Wheat growers in many parts of
the country, it was said, have become
apprehensive that the guaranteed
price for the 1919 crop might be re
scinded through thet conclusion of
peace.
have arisen
Hapsburg empire.
First, It is becom-
in which the lieutenant bad asked
WILL ANNOUNCE NEW
SECRETARY OF TREASURY
IN NEW YORK TODAY
" (By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINTON. Dec. 3. Just be
fore President Wilson left Wash
ington tonight, en route to Europe
announcement was made that the
appointment of a secretary of the
treasury to succeed Wm. O. ilc
Adoo, will be made public tomor
row in New York. There was no
reference to a director general
of railroads and the inference was
that the official bad not been de
termined upon.
ing daily more difficult to maintain . him to ride from his home in San
order within the republics until the Diego to Camp Kearny. j
peace conference, and, second, will the : The deputy sheriffs fiuoted Lieuten.
decision of the peace conference real- j ant Perry as saying he shot Captain
ly solve the racial and commercial j Posner because the latter found fault!
questions which are more urgent than with him and his work He was Tne f ,hj abJut h ,
eTer- . , ,,, Jfu.rth?ir U0ted,39, "ftf" ,ffIf al the end of it-Detroit News.
Some observers here insist that it intention was to take Captain Poener !
is the duty of the United States, not to a lonely spot and beat him, but thej
only to scatter a few military officers I attempt of the captain to escape up-i
"My Cora Pad Ck Off. Witfc 'Cat' "I
of the world's magic and only gen
ulna corn-peeler, "Gets-It. Then,
and then only, will you be sure that
your corn will loosen from your to
so that you can peel it right oft
gloriously easy with your fingera.
Take no chances of continued pais
and soreness why use greasy, irri
tating salves, plasters thai shift
and press into the "Quick." uora
and "diggers" that make corn bleed
and also grow taster Use p xOeea,
easy, always sure '-Gets-It. There'
only one like it In the world that's.
"Gets-It." Millions have tried and
O. K.'d lt for years. It never fails.
"Gets-It," the guaranteed, money,
back corn-remover, the only ore
way, cost but a trifle at any drug
store. MTd by E. Lawrence A Co.,
Chicago. I1L
Sold In Bisbee and recommended as
the world's best corn remedy by
Phelps Dodge Mercantile Co., Central
Pharmacy.
FEE MISERABLE
FROM THAT COLD?
Colds and coughs are quickly
relieved by Dr. King's
New Discovery
Kobody should feel "perfectly mis
erable" from a cold, cough or bronchia
attack for very Ions. For it takes only
little while to relieve 't and pet back
co the road to recovery when Dr.
King's New Discovery Is faithfully
used. It soon loosens the phlegm, re
lieves irritation, soothes the parched
ore throat, brings comfort.
Half a century old and more popular
today than ever. 60c and $1.20.
Make Your Bowels Behave
Make them function witn gratifying;
precision. If regulation oT the diet
does not relieve their tocpility Dc
King's New Life Pills wUL They am
perfect bowel trainers, deant tfca
system surely, comfortably. 25c
throughout the empire in the guise ot
missions, but also to send American
citizens with blood ties in the former
empire and speaking the various
tongues for the purpose of undertak
ing propaganda to explain how Ameri
can politics are guided by reason and
not by force and also that republics
do not fight each other.
The delegates of the German Aus
trian government at the peace confer
ence probably will endeavor to obtain
permission to form some sort of a con
ference witliin the. limits of the old
empire. They have dropped the plan
of joining the erman federation since
they feel that the allies are not will
ing to permit this.
The Danube federation has4 been al
tered somewhat. As outlined now it
would be purely economic, arrange
ment. It is explained that such a federa
tion would have been formed before
the war, had it not been for the Hun
garian agricultural party which throt
tled agricultural commerce with Rum
ania and Serbia, particularly Serbia.
This caused agitation which played a
large part in events leading to the
assassisation of Archduke- Francis
Ferdinand.
It is pointed out that such a fed
eration is demanded by the interna!
trodo nt th former emDire. since
Czecho-Slovakia needs a morket for its
coal. Iron, sugar, glass, leather, while
German-Austria has Industrial or
ganization to use these raw products.
Vienna is also a Danmng center, uu
ih mher l.nnd th Hungarians and
Jugo-Slavs will have foodstuffs to sell
to the other republics.
Snmft lending Oerman-Austrians de
clare that the organization of such a
federation should be semea at me
peace congress because, they say. it
u-niilri he lmnnssihle to secure an
agreement among the republics if they
were permitted to seme u among
thsmnplvpn An American resident in
Vienna says that one obstacle to an
agreement between the new republics
is that the nnnulatlons are unwilling
to forget things that happened a cen
tury or two ago. He says mat me
population of the former empire is no
m rira til iro.l iimn ore ih Huronean
peoples who have gone to America.
SPANISH MINISTRY RESIGNS.
lB- Review leased Wire)
MADRID, Dec. 3. The Spanish
ministry resigned today. The resig
nation of the cabinet was caused by
disagreement as to self government
for Catalonia. The king tonight con
sulted with the political leaders re
garding the formation of a new gov
ernment. It is understood the king
called upon Count Romanones to form
the new ministry and that Count Ro
manones said that the first leaders
who may be consulted are former
Premier Maura and former Premier
Dato. ,
set lii plan,
Tcnight Lieutenant Perry was turn
ed over to military officers from Camp!
Kearney and civil authorities from j
San Diego who left with their prisoner :
in an automobile and expected to
reach San Diego early tomorrow morn-'
Ing. ;
WHEAT PRICE STANDS.
By Review Leaned Wire) '
WASHINGTON". Dec. 3. The guar-!
anteed price for the 1919 wheat crop, j
fixed at $2.26 a bushel on a Chicago :
basis, will stand, even if the Lever I
A HOME YOU WILL ENJOY
- : ....a:',
Fire proof, sound proof,
fuel Barer. Coets taM
then brkk or concrete.
BUILD WITH GYPSUM
BLOCKS
Arizona Gypsum Plaster
Co. Douglas, Arizona
Sole manufacturers of pure
psum Blocks. Office
nd plant, one block west
of freight depot. Phone ii.
r
Gas Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to You)
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply or
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
' J, i
: J-
;, ;
m !; I
I jpll
Bisbee Improvement Co.
aa ! -
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1918.
SEVEN
i
i
REVIEW WANT ADS
lAdrertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
Issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach
Tha Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion the next morning.
For Sale
FOR SALE Now is the time to buy
your car. Steel is high, so is labor.
Cars will be very scarce next year.
I have all kinds of automobiles. You
can buy any of these on easy terms.
. Drop me a postal. Box 607, Bisbee,
. Arizona. 2S0
FOR SALE Ford louring car in fine
condition, only used a year; piano,
American walnut dining room suite;
Cole hot blast' heating stove;
Reliable gas range. All in first class
condition, and used only a year.
, Phone 479. dh-tf
FOR SALE Seven room house in
good condition. Bargain. Califor
1 ia street, -No. 48, Johnson addition.
241
ITJ.I SALE160 acres ' farm land,
artisan water, San Pedro valley. A
bargain to one with the cash. Or
. will give terms for half pay to right
party, i Can raise large winter crop.
. Address, Bisbee, Box 1957. 276
FOR SALE Several sets ladies' new
furs. 169 Temby avenue. 377
FOR SALE One gas range.
- eanyon. . W. U Moore.
64 Moon
243
FOR SALE One five passenger hup
mobile in first class condition. Can
be seen at Slag Dump garage. 256
FOR SALE The Samson house, cor-
ner G avenue. Fourteenth street,
Douglas, Ariz. For further intorma
" tion apply to A. J. Applin, 181 Tem
- by avenue, or Box 38, Bisbee, Ariz.
196
FOR-SALE Gas range and heater,
cheap. No. 8 Kruger flats, Warren.
197
FOR SALE-onr room house, a good
well of water on five lots. Ben Scott,
. 77 Moon canyon, . 198
FOR SALE-Furniture of four room
house, also privilege of renting
house, at $20. Call 207 Hazzard
" street, .Warren. . 185
FOR SALE Strictly modern com
pletely furnished four room house
in Warren.- Best locality,' excellent
.- hot water equipment. $500 cash, bal
. ance terms. Box 792. 226
FOR SALE Piano, $175. Cash or
Liberty bonds. 16 Cowan ridge. 168
FOR SALE New four room bungalow
house, bath room, for $1200. Leav
inii town. Place worth $1S00. Call
96 Laundry hill. 169
FOR SALE Furniture pi seven room
house. ' Almost new. 11 Tank
' hill. r. : C3
'FOR SALE-Bet : etju! rped ' md best
; located ' boarding house hi city,
"cheap; 75 steady boarders. Call
at Room 14 Allen block.
FOR SALE Laylne hens and pullets,
an nreeas..- write us your require
ments. Phoenix Seed & Feed com
. pan, Phoenix, Ariz. 616
FOR SALE The Pressure Cooker.
Phone 734 for cookers cr demonstra
tion. Bisbee Mattress Works. 152
Miscellaneous
WILL BUY GOOD THREE OR FOUR
ROOM HOUSE In Bisbee, no hill.
Part" cash, rest payments. G., Re
view. - 305
AUTHENTIC HISTORY OF THE
WORLD WAR With introduction
by Gen. Peyton C. March, highest of
" firer In the United States army. Of
. firial photographs. Sells on sight.
Big terms. Extraordinary oppor
tunity for men or women. Outfit
FREE. Univerbal House, Philadel
phia. Pa. 282
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
From $2 up. All corsets
carefully fitted, lnes Warburton,
next Arizona Grocery store, upper
Main. - 66
BE A MANUFACTURER Get into
business for yourself. Small capital.
Big profits. Great demand. Manu
facture fire extinguishers for auto
mobiles and homes." Write for par
ticulars. Send $1 for demonstrator.
Refund if not t,atitfactory. PYRO
LABORATORIES, 4317 Melbourne
avenue, Lcs Angeles, Calif. 227
VISIT MADAM CLARK The well
known Clarivoyant and Palmist.
Are you in trouble of any kind, un
happy, dissatisfied with life, have
domestic, love, or business troubles?
Y'ou will be told how to overcome
thorn all. Whatever your trouble is,
I cau help you. Hours 10 a. m. to
8 pm. daily. Lowell Hotel, Rooms
1 and 2, Lowell, Ariz. 88
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. School, jus
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train for servit-e. 268
SCrX'OND HAND CLOTHES Bought.
Phone 7u9, City Dye Works. J04
AMERICAN HOME MADE BEiiK
Not a r.ear .boer, nor substitute, but
a genuine beer made in the homo.
Simple, easy to make. Cct the recipe
by America's foremost bre master.
Stud ' 10 cents lor mailing, E. J.
Weston, 2U8 1-2 East Ninth street,
Los Angeles. 606
i Lost
LOST Eastnj'i Siar Imxi'h. Reward
if returned to liislme Ore office. :!''.
LOST Tan Ijigskin bill folder. lie
turn to C. It Hardin, Y. M. C. A. ::14
LOST--Bunch of leys. Ix-tweea 1, k
1 1 tt avenue ami po-ltTii e. Return
lo liauk of Bisbee. Reward. 258
For Rent
FOR RENT Bright sunny room with
beat and bath, suitable for one or
two ladies, in private family. Phone
614. 312
FOR RENT Furnished house, three
rooms, bath and sleeping porch.
Call Red 21S or 182 Mason hill. 308
FOR RENT Three room and two
room furnished apartments with
gas, near Custom house. Phone
Green 696. 313
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished
for housekeeping. No children. 28
Montana street,' Johnson addition.
' 2S3
FOR RENT Cabin, lights and water
furnished, $1 Piped for gas. 67 Up
per Lowell. . - 286
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
rcom, close in. Phone Black 647, or
call 120 Tombstone canyon. 285
FOR RENT Furnished room suitable
for two gentlemen. Opposite' Loretto
school. Phone 700. 284
FOR RENT Three nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms, over Odora's
Motor company garage, Naco road.
Inquire ' apartment No. 1 on
premises. 287
FOR RENT One five room unfurn
ished house, modern, 104. Higgins
b.ill, above Loretto Academy-, $35 per
month. C. H. Hogan, belowi Copper
Queen hotel. Phone 121. - 288
FOR RENT New three room house
furnished. Mrs. Winwood, Winwood
addition. 289
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. McDougall house.
Laundry hill, back of Metz stop. 307
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms.
237 School hill. . 30G
FOR RENT Three well furnished
housekeeping rooms. Mrs. Grace
Williams, Clawson bill. 257
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms.
Mrs. Kenjack, Winwood addition.
243
FOR RENT Two or three furnished
rooms, modern conveniences. 237
Mason hill. Phone Blue 786. 1SJ
FOR RENT Two roomed house.
Close in. 31-C O. K. street. Call
Black 571. 27S
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished for
- housekeeping, South Bisbee. Carl
Pilz. -187
FOR RENT Two furnished housekeeping-rooms.
151 A Opera Drive.
199
FOR RENT Furnished room, near
Greenway Bchool, Warren. Mrs.
Wittig. 201
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 14 Laundry hill. J.
Shearer. 200
FOR IlENT-FurnUhed rooms for
lisilit -housekeeping. Clawson hill.
Elliott flats. , 20:
FOR RENT Furnished room in War
ren, Congdon street. Mrs. E. J.
Cook.. 161
FOR RENT Good furnished room.
Wilson, 17 Quality hill. 170
Female Help Wanted
VANTED7-W0man to take care of six
children and make her home with
them. Apply Mike Lazovich, Co
chise. 242
WANTED An experienced dining
room girl, also experienced kitchen
woman. Warner Dining room,
Plionc 733. 241)
Wanted
WANTED St-cond hand Ford tar,
prefer truck body. Would like terms.
Address A. J, C, care Review. 31i
WANTED At once, a five roum un
furnished house in Warren. Cali
Red 477. 228
WANTED A four or five room un
furnished house with bath. Per
manent. R. N. It., Revt? . 1 188
' Moneyjo Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per
sonal note to salaried men and wo
men, also on furniture. Cox Loan
company. Room. 7, Sparks Kline
Imilding. t'- : 166
Legal Notices
NOTICE FOR PUBLfCATION
019126
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that William
Ryan, of Hereford, Arizona, who, on
September 6. 1312, made Desert Land
Entry, No. 01312H, for N.E. S.E. i.
E. 't N.E. li. Sec. 7, N.W. V, N.W. .
Section S. Township 24-S., Range
22 E , (1. t S. R. B. & Meridian, has
filed notice of intention to make final
proof under the Act of March 4. 1915
Purchase Clause to establish claim
to thi land above described, before
Jared ,D, Taylor, U. S. Commissioner,
at Itisbee, Arizona, i.u the Huh day of
December, 1918.
I Claimant names as witnesses:
j Angus Gillis.
James Delaney, both of IlUlieu, Ari
! zona.
I Hen .Morgan.
; Dayton I.. Gru;j im. Jr., both of
. (Jar. es. Arizona
'Si'S JOHN L. lilVIN. Register.
I First publication November !. 1!)1S.
Lust. publication December 8. 1918.,
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
023275027394
i Department of the Interior
i U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
! November 2. 191S.
j Notice is hereby given ihut l'tarl L.
Voorhoes, of Hereford, Arizona, h .,
on September 5, 1913, made Hume
stead Entry No. 023275 for the S.E. U.
Sec. 28, Tp. 22-S., R. 21-E., and on May
11, 1915, made additional Homestead
Entry, No. 027394, for S.E. j N.E.
Sec. 28, W. N.W. 4. Sec. 27, Town
ship 22-S., Range 21 E., G. & S. R. B. &
Meridiau, has filed notice of intention
to make three year proof, to establish
claim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Coinmis
sioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 11th
day of December, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A. Lyth,
Albert J. Voorhees, both of Here
ford, Arizona.
John E. Nelson, of Bisbee, Arizona.
Louis A. Boedecker, of Turner,
Arizona.
607 JOHN U IRVIN, Register.
First publication November 9, 1918.
Last publication December 8, 1918.
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF
STOCKHOLDERS OF EL PASO &
SOUTHWESTERN RAILROAD
COMPANY.
Notice is hereby given that a spe
cial meeting of stockholders of El
Paso & Southwestern Railroad com
pany will be held at the principal of
fice of the company in Bisbee, Cochise
county, Arizona, on Wednesday, the
4th day of December, 1918, at two
o'clock p. m. for the purpose oi elect
ing directors to serve until the next
annual meeting of stockholders, or un
til their successors are elected and
qualified, and also for the purpose of
considering and acting upon a resolu
tion to approve all of the acts of the
officers and directors of said company
since the last annual meeting thereof.
This meeting is called by stockhold
ers of record of said El Paso & South
western Railroad company who own
more than one-third of the issued and
outstanding capital stock thereof, said
call duly signed by said stockholders
being on file in my office.
GEORGE NOTMAN,
Secretary of El Paso & Southwestern
Railroad Company. 599
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
. 026913028826
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Albert
J. Voorhees, of Hereford, Arizona,
who, on March 15. 1915, made Home
stead Entry, No. 026913, for W. & N.E.
4, S. -N.W. ',, Sec. 26, S. t, N.E.
4, S.E. '4 N.W. ,i. Section 27, and on
November 17, 1915, made additional
Homestead Entry, No. 028826, for N.E.
Vi N.W. Vi. Section 27, Township 22-S,
Range 21-E.. G. & S. R. B. & Meridian,
has filed notice ol intention to make
three year proof, to establish claim to
the land above described, before Jared
D. Taylor, U. S. Commisisoner, at Bis
bee, Arizona, on the 11th day of De
cember, 1918. "
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A. Lyth,
Pearl E. Voorhees, both of Hereford,
Arizona,
Louis A. Boedecker, of Turner, Ari
zona. John E. Nelson, of Bisbee, Arizona.
609 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
First publication November 9, 1918.
Last publication December 8, 191S.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
012722
Department of the interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 2, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Albert
Gattrell, of Sunnyside, Arizona, who,
on December 20, 1310. made Home
steal Entry, No. 012722, for H. E. S.,
No. 203.
A tract of land described by motes
and bounds, as follows: Beginning at
Corner No. 1 from whence U. S. L. M.
No. S00 H. E. S. bears N. 23 degs. 13'
E. 62.09 chains.
Thence S. 49 degs. 18 E. 6.99 chains
to Cor. No. 2.
Thence S. 25 degs, 43' .W. 42.24
chains to Cor. No. 2.
Thence S. 73 degs. 13' W. 17.0b
chains to Cor. No. 4.
Thence N. 20 degs. 58' E. 14.30
chains to Cor. No. 5.
Thence N. 3d degs. 21' E. 41.88
chains to Cor. No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing 53.26 Acres in ap
proximate Sections 15 and 16 (unsur
veyed) Tp. 23-S., R. 13-E , cf the G. &
S. R. B. & Meridian, Arizona, in the
Coronado National Forest has filed no
tice of intention to make five year
proof, o establish claim to the land
above described, before W. A. Fowler.
U. S. Commissioner, at Tombstone,
Arizona, on the 11th day of Decem
ber, 1318.
Claimant names as witnesses:
George W. Parker, of San Rafael,
Arizona.
Lucy Langford, of Sunnyside, Ari
zona. Lewis K. Mclntyre, of Parker Can
yon, Arizona.
Gustave J. Peterson, of Sunnyside,
Arizona.
610 JOHN L. lit V IN, Register.
First publication November 9, 1918.
Last publication December 8, 1918.
NOTICE FpR PUBLICATION
"027121
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.
November 9. 19 IS
Notice is hereby given that Joseph ,
Hammer, of Hereford, Arizona, who, ! alleges, is deceased, ond that letters
on July 8. 1915, made Homestead En-j testamentary iscue. thereon to said
ry, No. 027121, for S.E. 'i, E. ft N.W. P' titi'.iier, and that same will be
14. E. ft S.W. ',. Section 26. Town-' heard on Sutuiday tiia 7th day of Do
ship 23-S.. Range 21-E., G. & S. R. B. j cember. A. i).. litS. at ID o'clock in
& Meridian, has filed notice of iuten- tile lorenoon of said day, at the court
ticn to make three year prool, to es
tablish claim to the land above de
scribed, before W. A. Fowler. U. S.
' 'oii.missioner, at Tombstone, Arizona,
011 the Kill day of December. 1918.
I Claimant names as wilnesses-
I Coorge J. .ic('le.
I .MKton CI nk.
j Atlolph C. Hintcrs.
Leslie Wilcox, all of licrc.ord. Ari
1 zt 11a.
S17 JOHN L. IRVIN. Krister.
Mining and Financial News
BV REVIEW
NEW YORK. Dec. 3, 191S. Trading
in ;sto.ks today was made active and
bro:d, the movement tending upward
until the final hour, when prices re
acted 1 to 3 points among rails, oils
and specialties.
The one striking exception to the
general strength of the forenoon and
mid-session was furnished by Marine
preferred, which was under constant!
pressure at an extreme reversal of
points, only part of which was re
gained. Investment rails failed to extend
their advance of yesterday, displaying
occasional restraint, probably be
cause of the conflicting opinions re
garding the government's attitude to
ward "modified private ownership."
Steels and the entire metal division
were firm to strong, their improve -
ment being explained later by the
action of the war industries board
which fixed domestic prices for pig
iron.
. ... 1 : t - nknwAn nA v. : .1 i j .
AUIOU1UU1IC Bum ca auu DuiiDiuianco
were stimulated by
trade
reports
whose tenor suggested relief at the
removal of restrictions effective dur
ing the wan and leathers, papers and
distilling issues moved to higher
levels.
Mexican Petroleum and Texas Com
pany averaged gross gains of 6 points
at their best, but these were im
paired in the realizing for profits at
the close. Utilities and secondary
specialties yielded part of their mod
erate gains, the market showing ir
regularity in the final dealings. Sales
amounted to 575,000 shares.
Dealings in bonds were contracted
and uncertain, internationals ruling
higher, while domestic issues varied
The Liberty group was again heavy,
with a new minimum for the fourth
4 Vis at $96.58. Total sales, par value,
aggregated $9,875,000.
Old United States bonds were un
changed on call.. ;
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3. Lead Un
changed. ,
Spelter Dull; spot. East St. Louis
delivery, offered at ($8.45.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3. Cotton
closed steady at a net advance of 66
to 100 points.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. 3. Reports that
enlarged production of corn had been
more than counterbalanced by a 10
per cent increase of the number of
hogs in the country had a decidedly
bullish effect today on the corn mar
ket. Prices closed unsettled, lrdc to
2V4c net higher, with December 1.30
and January 1.30 to 1.30ft. Oats
lost c to -c and provisions gained
10c to 80c.
Inference that owing to the great
expansion of the hog raising industry
as compared with, a year ago there
would be no unusual surplus of feed
ing grain operated as the chief factor
in the corn trade, as soon as definite
figures became available. The gain
in hogs on farms was put at 7,851.000.
On the ensuing bulge much selling
to realize profits took place, and a
material setback from the high point
of the day followed. During the first
hour of the session considerable sell
ing on the part of recent buyers was
noted, influenced apparently by auspi-
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT IN THE
COUNTY OF COCHISE, STATE OF
ARIZONA. 2795.
R. W. Benton, Plaintiff, vs. May
Benton, Defendant.
Action brought in the Superior
Court of the State of Arizona, in and
for the County of Cochise and
the complaint filed in the saio
County of Cochise, in the office
of the Clerk of said Superior Court.
Tho Slate of Arizona Sends Greeting:
May Benton, you are hereby re
quired to appear in an action brought
against you by the above named Plain
tiff in the Superior Court of the State
of Arizona, in and for the County ol
CoihUe, and to answer the complaint
filed therein within twenty days (ex
clusive of the day of service) after the
service on you of this summons (it
served within the county, otherwise
within thirty days) or judgment by
default will be taken against you ac
cording to the prayer of said com
plain;. Given under my baud and the Sea!
of the Superior Court of the State af
Arizona, in and for the County of Co
chibo, this 25th day of October in the
year of our Lord, one thousand nine
hundred and eighteen.
(Seal) J. E. JAMES,
Clerk.
by Ii. P. JOHNSON.
Deputy Clerk. 714
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION
In the Superior Court of Cochise Coun
ty, State of Arizona.
In the matter of the estate of Jennie
C. Wright, deceased.
Notice is hereby given that James
F. Wright has filed in this Court a
certain document purporting to be the
laot ill end Testament of Jennie C.
Wright together with his petition
praying that said document be admit
ted to proliaie in this Court as the last
Will and Testament of said Jennie C.
Wrinh
deceased, who, said petitioner
j 100:11 of said Court, in the Court
, House, in the ity of 1 oinbsionc,
: ('. iiuty of Cochise. State of Ari.:oua.
'and all imi.soiis :iueresteii in said
, es;at.i are notified t.icn nud tbero to
app. ar rnd show cause, if any they
htv.. wl.y the pr'.ver of said petition
er li-. i.ld not be granted.
J. E. JAMES.
Ily Ju.v A. IVKY. Clerk.
IteeutV Clerk.
i Dated, November 20, l'.US
LEA6ED WIRE
clous weather for curing and shelling.
Oats were relatively easier than
corn. Seaboard bids did not measure
up to holders views here.
Higher quotations on hogs and corn
gave strength to provisions.
(L.
J. Overlook, Broker.)
NEW YORK.
Closing quotations December 2, 1918.
Anaconda
66
45ft
84
Amn. Can
Ann. Car
Amn. Loco
Amn. Smelters
Baldwin
Beth. B
C. & O
Crucible
Distillers . .
Erie
85
74?,
65 ft
59 S
5614
47
197
56 7g
j Goodrich
General Motors 127"8
jlnd. Alcohol 98f4'
Lackawanna 70 I
Marine 26
! II n 1.. f .1 inn I
tiiaiiuo yiu. ll,fl
jMidvale
44
Mexican Petroleum 160ft
N. Y. C 79
Northern Pacific 96
Reading 84
Rubber 75
Republic 76
Studebaker 52
Steel 4 96
St. Paul 47
Southern Pacific 103ft
Sinclair Oil 34
Texas Oil 186
Union Pacific 130ft
U. S. M 8
United Motors 33ft
Westinghouse 43
BOSTON. .
Adventure 100
Allouez 48
Alaska
4ft
14
21
67 ft
470
, 45
38 ft
20
lift
80
49
24
7ft
75
Az. Coml.
Butte .. .
C. & A. ..
C & H. ..
C. Range .
Cliino .. .
Chile .. ..
E. Butte .
Granby . . .
G. Can. ..
Goldfield .
Hancock .
Indiana ..
Inspiration 48
Kennecott f 36 I
Keweenaw
lft
Lake .. .
La Salle
Miami ..
Mohawk .
Mayflower
Nevada . .
N. Butte
6
2
25 ft
56
3ft
17
13
Nip
Old Dominion 40
Osceola 58
Pond Ck 14ft
Qtiincy
67
Ray Con. ...
ShaUUCR; l:T." .
Shannon "
Superior Boston .
22 ft
ib'
4
3T
42
St. Marys
Utah Copper 79 ft
Ltah Con 9
- CURBS.
A. & A.
Ariz. Bing
Big Ledge
Butte & London.
Cal. & Jer
Cornelia
Con. Copper
Con. Ariz
11
: 5
1
18
K
17ft
6
1:
Curtiss 14ft
Denn
Dundee
Emma
Federal Oil
Gadsden
Grand-Island
Green Monster
Globe Dora
Hull
Howe Sound
Hecla
J. Verde
I. Victor
Magma Chief
Magma Chief
Miami Con
Okmulgee
Pitts. Jer
Porphyry
Ray Here
Tom Red
U. Eastern
Verde Ex
Verde Conibn
17
lft
2
2ft
3
15
ft
45
4
5ft
ft
30
H
5
1
12
3
154
4
37
West End lft''
Wol. Ariz.
1"
White Caps 16
Wright Martin
4ft
OATMAN.
(By Collins & Bretherton.)
Argo n
Adams 03
Arizona Red
Ariz-Tom R o:t
Big Jim Con 05
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore n5
Gold Road Bon n;
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
Sunnyside 04
Ti-lluride 10
Tom Ro'l 1..V5
United Kahti-rn 4 ,",7
K'd Lion
.05
.15
.051
.10 I
.03
.06
.03 1
.15
.04
.05
.13
1 54 ;
4.62 1
.20!
OTHER CURBS.
aadsc.'rn 2.50 . 2.75
Grerti Monitor .",7 .44
iutto London 16 .IS
Dundee 1.00 i.jj
Venture Hill i2 .04
Pitts-Jerome Id .12
Jerom Verde 44 .50
Ark-Arizona 10 .12
Jerome Port land . .17
Ins-.V-K.lbM . . .12
Hull Copper 41) 4.-;
Marina chief m; j-;
Woiv-Ari.ona 1,7
Venle Combination ii2 .1:9
Mirttni 'oiisoljd.iii'il ir tu
S.it nzari t'onsoliilnteil ...
Con. dm. Miut-.t tj.2.-, (; :7
Porphyry 2
Cal. A J'loine 41 -,t
Kei-tlitr Kiler .1 j
LODGE
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essentia,
facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers soul the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBP5. LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
night. Moose HalL
Visiting brother cor
dially invited.
R. I. GLEASON.
Dictator
BISBEE LODGE NO.
10.
O. O. F.
meets e t e r y
fT:J FF. Thursday
sy sS3L evening at Odd
5; Fellows' Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 11?.
O A. PLUNKETT. N. O.
LESTER EUSTACE, Sec'T
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially inviteu.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE. M. of R. C.
Box 1475
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175, F. O.
E., meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, 8 p. m.,
Eagles' Hall.
Visitors cor
d 1 a 1 1 y wel
come. J. F. WILMOTH, Presdnt.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. U EDMUNDSON. Aerie Physician
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, HomeBtead 89i, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medlgo
Tich hall. Visiting Archers are cor
diall invited.
MRS. C. C. FINLAYSON.
Foreman, P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON.
Correspondent, Box 1496.
WEEK ENDING DECEMBER 7, 1918.
Monday
Tuesday
W. W. GIDLEY, W M.
B. T. W ATKINS. Sec y. F. A. M.
J. W. TOLAND. E. H. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. L M.
F. E. BENNETT, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREAD NAUGHT
U O. L. NO. 210.
meets 1 O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited . to at
tend. vVM. T. SMITHAN, W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Eox 426. Bisbee.
Chicken Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPHiDENT
FUEL & FEED COHP'Y
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully 8ollclts Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE"
A. OWERS. Mgr., Bakerville
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
' - - fi n ft ni-ift AiAinx,WA
I ywv CATARRH '
, jam tvaxint4" j
NOTICES
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathboce Lodge No. is
Knights of Pythias
fJQ. S3 meets each Tuesday
'Y-l V'v lexceP' econd) in Odd
vf'if y Fellows' Hall at 7:3s
fc p. m. Visiting brother
f cordially invited.
v
H. t. VVOOTON. C. O
W. E. McCALLUM. K. cf R. S
LODGE NO. 671
day of each month. Visiting brothers
Regular meeting first and third Frt
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON, Exalted Ruler
R. J. KELLY, Secretary.
WOODMEN Of THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m., Finnish Hall.
D. C. SAXBY. C. a
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
meets In Masonic hall
Pearl Chapter. No. S, meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of eact
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS. Yf. M.
Phone 161, Box 43. Btsbe.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Ses"y. P. O.
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com
Phone 16L
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in I. O. O. F
Call First and Third
Saturdays. V 1 s i t It
brothers welcome.
S. F. BENTON. Councillor
F. M. WILLIAMS. Rec. Sec y.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
t. f. a
LA
Bisbee Lodge No.
try 42 meets the 1st
of each month at
7:30 at Med I go
vich Hall. Vts.t-
ing membeis cordially invited.
B. F. ilOSS. President.
MRS. O. E. F1MOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
HONORA MUNCH, Secretary
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
stl'T Bisbee Camp No. 1341k
aTx Meets 1st Saturday
SZiJ Medigovich HaiL
l- U M0TZ- Consul.
J. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
C H. HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C. H. HOGAN
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jsclc BM Main Street
I Pr-nne Rot 1129
THE REVIEW
job Department
will futnish you an rst'niatc
on that job -n short notice
$9 THE BISBEfc. DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1918.
EIGHT
City Briefs
Has any one visited you? Or have
you entertained? K so. call The
Review after C p. m. and tell the
Society Editor, l'hone ;i9.
BACK TO DUTY.
Sgt. Karl S. Rains has returned to
Fort Riiss after spending several days
here on a visit to friends.
ILL WITH INFLUENZA.
C. H. Vail. the librarian, is con
fined to his home with nn attack of
influenza.
IS IN PHOENIX.
F. L. Wheeler, claim adjuster for
the C. & A. Mining company, is in
Phoenix for a few days on business
connected with the company.
WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
James Hagan. who was an indepen
dent candidate for county recorder in
the recent election, was in Tombstone
yesterday on a short business trip.
RETURNED HOME.
Attorney W. G. Gilmore, who was in
the city yesterday on business of a
legal nature, returned to his home at
Tombstone during the evening.
WAS IN CITY.
- A. H. Gardner, secretary of the Co
chise county state highway commis
sion, was in the city yesterday on a
short business trip. He returned home
last evening.
TO SPEND HOLIDAYS.-
- J. G. Miller, an employe of the Cop
per Queen company, left yesterday
for Denver, where he will spend the
holidays with relatives and friends.
IS RECOVERING. .
Mrs. M. G. Lusa of Warren is im
proving from the effects of an opera
tion for appendicitis that was per
formed a few days ago at the C. & A.
hospital.
HAS RETURNED.
EHery Butler, a former resident of
the Warren district, returned Monday
from California, where he has been
for the past two years. He intends
to again make the district his home.
VISITING IN TOMBSTONE.
Claude T. Perris, pumpman at the
C. & A., accompanied by his wife, are
spending a few days in Tombstone on
a visit to Bird Holland and his wife.
The latter are parents of Mrs. Ferris.
ARE IN PHOENIX.
Quite a number of the mining men
of the Warren district are in Phoenix
for a few days to attend the annual
meeting of the Arizona chapter of the
American Mining congress.
WERE IN CITY.
County Attorney John F. Ross and
assistant, Maurice Blumentiial, were
in the city yesterday from Tombstone
on their way to Douglas, where they
were called on business connected
with the county attorney's office.
WILL ARRIVE TODAY.
The remains ot the iate Mrs. W. R.
Costey, who died in Ajo on Monday,
will arrive in this city today and the
funeral services will be held on Thurs
day. Mrs. Costey has a sisser, Mrs.
O. P. Peterson, residing in Warren.
IS AN ASPIRANT.
Dr. H. A. Resse of this city is cir
culating a petition asking the board
of supervisors.clect to appoint him
county health officer. The term of
Dr. Hufit expires January 1 and he
will not be an aspirant for the place.
GETS BIG COYOTE.
George Rockhill, proprietor of the
Rockhill stage line between here and
Tombstone, yesterday afternoon while
on the way to the county seat killed
a large coyote. He will have it
skinned and a rug made out of the
hide.
NO DEFINITE INFORMATION.
The officers working on the killing
and robbery, Monday, in Mexico have
so far been unable to obtain any defi
nite information as to where the rob
bers went or whom they were. The
trail has been followed to a point
nar Douglas, slightly to the north,
but was lost about dark last night.
It now develops that the men were
not mounted, but after the car was
PAY CASH
Fresh Fruits and
Vegetables
RECEIVED DAILY
. ANGIU
PURE FOOD GROCER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-16109
abandoned took across the country,
afoot and came on this side of thej
line and the same trail was followed:
into Douglas.
SLIGHT ATTACK OF FLU.
According to advices received last
evening from Douglas quite a number
i of the office men of the Copper Queen
are away from their work suffering
from attacks of the influenza. Among
the number are W. H. Webster and
H. J. Bishop.
WERE IN DOUGLAS.
A. C. Karger, clerk of the board of
nirvisars nnri J. X. Caines of the
taxpayers' association, were in the
city last evening on their way from
Douglas to Tombstone, where they
had been on a short business trip.
HAD NARROW ESCAPE.
Thomas Colford, jr., little son of T.
E. Colford of Wood canyon, who was
hit by the street car on Monday in
Tombstone ranyon, is reported as do
ing nicely. He was quite badly bruised,
his face received several scratches but
no bones were broken.
HISTORY IS OUT.
The seventh volume of Farish's
"History of Arizona," dealing, with the
Mormon settlements, is out. It was
prepared by State Historian Farish in
Salt Lake. Volume VIII will bring the
history up to matters in the refollec
tion of persons now living.
HAS RETURNED.
M. J. Cunningham, of the Bank of
Risbee. has returned, from Corpus
Christi. Texas, where he went last
week with C. O. Ellis of the Bank of
liniurlas nn a duck hunt. He reports
having had very good success. They
enjoyed two days good sport.
THROUGH TO TOMBSTONE.
Miss Myriam Toles was in the city
yesterday on her way from Douglas to
Tombstone, where she will remain for
several days on a visit to her sister.
Miss Elsie Toles. the county school su
perintendent. Miss Myriam was a
former resident of Bisbee, having
spent her school days here.
ON WAY HOME.
Pvt. Dean S. Dedelion, who has been
here for a few days on a visit to his
brother, J. Dedelion, left last ni?ht
for Los Angeles, where he will re
sume hi3 duties as a private Ameri
can citizen. He was mustered out at
Camp Pike, Ark., a few days ago and
stopped off here on his way home.
TO BE DEPUTY.
According to advices received here
last evening, Nat Hawke, who was a
former resident of Cochise county and
who still has cattle interests in the
vicinity of Pearce, has been appointed
a deputy assessor under County As
sessor V. G. Griffith in Tucson. This
will be pleasing news to the many
friends of Nat Hawke in the county.
JUVENILE COURT.
Judge Alfred C. Lockwood of the
superior court at Tombstone was in
the city yesterday and held a session
of the juvenile court at the Central
School building yesterday. He had
quite a number of cases up before
him. "He was accompanied by his
daughter and Court Reporter J. M.
Phllipcwski. They returned home late
yesterday afternoon.
RATES ARE RAISED.
The 'automobile stage fare from
Bisbee to Douglas on the Winton line
has been increased from $1.50 to 52
on account of the additional mileage
that now has to be traveled by the
cars. On account of the grading of
the roads the stages are compelled
in leaving here go by the way of
Forrest ranch and then down the
road to connect with the Central high
way at the double adobe schoolhouse.
The mileage is much farther.
RETURNS TO HOBOKEN.
William Barnum. who has been here
on a ten days' furlough on a visit to
his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Bar
num of Tombstone Canyon, returned
to Hoboken yesterday to resume his
duties in the navy. He was one of
the first Bisbee boys to enter the
navy and has made ten trips across
to France and England with convoys.
He is a gunner on one of the convoys.
He was accompanied by Theo. Nyman,
j who also enlisted early in the fight.
j HUNDRED PER CENT GIRL.
I H. gill's education is most Incom
plete unless she has learned: To
sew, to cook, to mend, to be gentle,
AY LESS
: 1
3
r1
'1
I '
II,
BYRON THOMAS WRITES
INTERESTING LETTER
FROM OVER THERE
IS CONNECTED WITH NAVAL
BOMBING STATION NEAR THE
FRONT LINES AT THE TIME HE
WROTE
C. N. Thomas yesterday received a
letter from his son, llyron, who is
with the United States naval air
squadron in France. The letter was
dated on November 1 and at that time
Byron was stationed at the North
Bombing station, "Group Field A. The
is as follows:
"Dear Dad: A letter received from
you last evening also with the other
letters from home. Needless to say
how much we appreciate your letters,
for they always teli us how our dear
ones at home are keeping the home
fires burning. They urge us on to a
greater effort for a more speedy re
turn. France, the once beautiful coun
try, is now in many places a torn and
wrecked country; her once beautiful
system of roads are pretty well worn
out by the endless train of heavy
trucks and cars that endlessly come
from somewhere and pass by. Had a
trip up the Somnie valley a few days
ago and visited some trenches, dug
outs, etc. Passed through a great
many ruined cities and villages with
out even seeing a human inhabitant.
One cannot describe the desolation
left by the Hun kultur. You cannot
imajftne, even without seeing. Be
lieve me, dad, those boys in the
trenches are surely going through
hell, and you always want to take your
hat off to a front line man. Our boys
and allies are surely giving Fritz
a-plenty lately. He is too busy mov
ing back to send his bombers over
where we are, though there was a
time not so long ago when he made
us step pretty lively. We always
hated clear nights, for that was when
we were sure to have a visit. I have
never been afraid to stand and fight
square, even against odds, but when
you can't see where they are coming
from you'd better put on that little
tin hat and look for new fields. His
motors always had the most wlerd
sound, and twm to bauru you always.
We hear about Austria's peace move,
and hope that it won't be Ion? until
we tread good old United States soil
again. We hear of the efforts made
by our people to help her boys win
to value time, to dress neatly, to keep
a secret, to avoid idleness, to be self
reliant, to darn stockings, to respect
old age, to make good bread, to keep
a house tidy, to be above gossiping,
to make home happy, to control her
temper, to take care of the sick, to
take care of the baby, to sweep down
cobwebs, to marry a man for his
worth, to read the very. best books,
to take plenty of active exercise, to.
be a helpmate to her husband, to keep
clear of trashy literature, to be light
hearted, and fleet footed, to be a
womanly woman under all circum
stances. IMPROVEMENT SHOWN.
More favorable weather conditions,
together with proper health and sani
tary regulations, has resulted in con
tinued improvement in the Spanish
influenza situation in this district, ac
cording to the reports made yester
day by health officers. A gradual
decrease in the number of existing
cases of the disease is being noted
from day to day by the reports re
ceived by County Health Officer Hunt
and Acting City Health Officer
Bryant. The warm weather is now
assisting materially in the improve
ment. A few isolated cases are being
reported, but in most Instances they
are persons who have been where the
disease was prevailing in the same
house. No deaths were reported yes
terday. EXAMINATION FOR POSTMASTER.
The United States civil service com
mission has announced an examina
tion to be held at Bisbee, Ariz., on
January' 11, 1919, as a result of which
it is expected to make certification to
fill a contemplated vacancy in the po
sition of fourth class postmaster at
Don Luis and other vacancies as they
may occur at that office, unless it
shall be decided in the interests of the
service to fill any vacancy by rein
statement. The compensation of the
postmaster at this office was $266 for
the last fiscal year. Applicants must
have reached their 21st birthday on
the date of the examination, with the
exception that in a state where women
are declared by statute to be of full
age for all purposes at 18 years, wo
men 18 years of age on the date of the
examination will be admitted.
LADY DRUGGIST'S
ADVICE TAKEN
"My sister-in-law is a druggist.
She told me of several bad stomach
and liver cases which were bene
fitted by taking Mayr's Wonderful
Remedy and advised me to try it.
I had numerous bad attacks due to
bloating and had almost constant
pain in my stomach before getting
your remedy. I am feeling fine now."
It is a simple, harmless preparation
that removes the catarrhal mucus
i from the intestinal tract and allays
the inflammation which causes practi
cally all stomach, liver and intestinal
ailments, including appendicitis or
money refunded.
Sold by Bisbee Drug company. Lo
well Drug company in Lowell, and
druggists everywhere.
REVIEW WAK'T AOS
BRING RESULTS
I this war and the Americans are sliow
' ing the world tiiat they can limit, too.
even though they h.id lite hardest sec
tor of the whi.le trout.
'Harold says that he may bring
home a bride and, remember, that
Barney has not always been back
ward in that line, and I may brins
home a partner also.
Had a letter trora Hob. He tells
how he enjoys his new in'e. I am
sure that he will never get over here,
as Germany cannot holJ out until
spring.
Have a German gun for Ceorie.
a helmet and a gas musk, und 1 hope
that I can bring them home. 1 am
going to spend a few mouths in New
Jersey when I get back.
"Well, dad, must close and ru:;h to
chow. Lovingly your son,
"BYRON."
ADDED IMPETUS IS
. GIVEN FOOD SAVING
IN THIS DISTRICT
CAMPBELL RECEIVES AND
MAKES PUBLIC LETTER FHQM
HOOVER URGING MERCHANTS
AND PUBLIC TO PULL' TOGETH
ER TO PROVISION WORLD
Impetus was given the saving of
food in the Warren district recently
when a letter from Herbert Hoover,
federal food administrator, was re
ceived by E. C. Campbell, deputy
county food administrator, urging
further economies in the interests of
the starving people of Europe. To
this end' the food administration
forces will remain Intact for the
present.
The letter, which is self explana
tory, follows:
"To All Representatives of the Food
Administration: ,
"Your work during the last year
has had more to do than you may
realize in the achievement of the
American peoplewhich will be' one
of the remembered glories of this ti
tantic struggle. That achievement
was not only the provisioning of the
armies and the allies unto victory; it
was the demonstration that there was
no power in autocracy equal to the
voluntary effort of free people.
"The essential feature of this plan
was that individual conscience should
rule under guidance of local leader
ship. It was,, then, your work which
made the devotion of twenty million
households fruitful.
"As we come to the end of that
undertaking, we are summoned to a
still larger task to provision the
allies and the liberated nations oi
Europe v.hich face not hunger .lone
but the collapse of all that holds their
civilization together unless a steady
stream of food supplies can be kept
flowing to them to repair their grav
est deficiencies, and in far greater
volume than by utmost stress was
sent last year.
"The president of the United States
has asked me to take charge for this
government of this relief work; to
perfect and enlarge the arrangements
for foodstuffs to the populations of
Belgium and France now being re
leased, and to organize and determine
the need of provision to the liberated
peoples of Southern Europe to pre
vent such debacle .as has taken place
in Russia.
'"I am asking the federal food ad
ministration to join forces with the
new organization of relief, holding
their staffs intact as far as possible;
and I hope that each of you will re
spond to the call which will be made
upon you by your federal food ad
ministrator, that the same splendid
support which was given to the prose
cution of the war may be devoted to
establishing the peace and security of
the world.
(Signed) "HERBERT HOOVER.
"Washington. D. C. Nov. 12, 1918."
Pay men t No w Due
From Victory Boys
Well it is the 4th ot December and
the first payment of our Victory Boys
pledge Is due. Don't wait until some
one sends you a card or comes to you
and asks you for it but go to the boys'
department of the Y. M. C. A. or to
any one ot the following persons and
pay your first payment or all of your
pledge to them:
In Bisbee Mr. Thompson, Mr. Pot
ter, Mr. ' Percy Page, Mr. Ed. Kelly,
Mr. Brunning.
In Lowell Mr. Blohm, Mr. John Sal
mon, Mr. "Rusty" Mckeen.
In Warren Mr. Honn. at the Green
way school.
These chairmen of committees may
appoint others to help in making this
collection but in any case a receipt
should be given ou when you make a
payment.
J. B. POTTER,
Chairman of the Warren District Vic
tory Boys.
WOMAN'S DEVOTION TO HOME
Home duties to many women ap
pear more important than health. No
matter how ill they feel, they drag
themselves through their daily tasks,
overdo and pay the penalty in head
aches, backaches, dragging-down pains
and nervousness; they become ir
ritable, and finally discover that some
form of female complaint has fastened
Itself upon them. When a woman
gets into this condition there is one
tried and true remedy made from the
roots and herbs of the field. Lydia E
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
which for more than forty years has
continued Its great work among
'omen in restoring health after many
other remedies have failed.
LOCAL MEN PRESENT
WHEN LAST SHOT OF
WAR IS DISCHARGED
ERNEST VACHE AND TOM DOYLE
SERVED ON FIFTEEN-INCH
NAVAL MONSTER WHICH SENT
LAST SHELL CRASHING TO
WARD GERMAN RANKS
j ISisbe" was well represented in the
j final amenities marking the close of
hostilities with Germany. Ernest
ucn ami loin uoyle cl tpis city, the
lattfr the son of Mr. and Mrs. M.
Doyle of Tombstone cinyon. were
serving a monster 15-inch naval gun
which fired one of the last, if not the
last bhot of the world war.
A letter received by M. (Biddy)
Doyle a few days ago from Ernest
Vache said that he and Tom D;yle
have been in the fighting from the
time of the opening of the SL Mihiel
offensive until the American troops
entered Sedan. They had seen hard
action but had escaped uninjured.
They were together when the final
salvo was belched forth by the Amer
ican guns, to be followed .by the still
ness marking the arrival of a tempo
rary understanding out of which peace
has arisen.
Tom Doyle first was a member of
Battery A. 340th Field Artillery, but
Just before the St. Mihiel offensive
was transferred to the big naval gun
which he served during the remainder
of the campaign.
OLD MAN MURDERED
FOR ll!S EARNINGS
AT FORTJUACHUCA
ALBERT KAUFFMAN, A WHEEL
WRIGHT, EMPLOYED BY QUAR
TERMASTER IS FOUND DEAD
WITH BULLET WOUND IN HIS
HEAD
Word was received here last even
ing of the murder of an old man by
the name of Albert Kauffman, aged
77 years, at Ft. Huachuca Monday
afternoon.
From what couid be, ascertained it
seems that Kauffman was a wheel
wright and had been in the employ
ot the quartermaster at the post for
a number of years. He was a civilian
employee and had been allowed to
build himself a cabin in which to live
just a short distance back of the quar
termaster's corral. Last evening par
ties passing by the door found it open
and as -there 'vds no signs of life
around the place walked in and found
the old man lying dead cn the floor
with a bullet wound in his head and
from the manner in which things were
scattered around and his pockets turn
ed inside out, it was surmised that
he had been killed and then robbed.
The bullet that took the old man's
life entered the right side of the'head
and came out through the left cheek.
Coroner V. A. Fowler of Tombstone
went out yesterday and made an in
vestigation and the jury returned a
verdict that the deceased came to his
death by a gunshot wound inflicted at
the hands of an unknown party.
The officers so far have not been
able to getany trace of the party or
parties who committed the deed al
though both civil and military author
ities are baking an investigation. They
are certain that the motive was rob
bery as the old man was not known to
have had any enemies and had been a
resident of the post for nearly 20
years.
AERIAL PATHFINDER
SAILS OVER SHASTA
TO REACH OREGON
ARRIVES SAFELY AFTER JOUR
NEYING FROM SACRAMENTO,
CALIF., TO ENGENE, ORE., IN SIX
HOURS AND FIFTY-FIVE MIN
UTES FLYING TIME
(Rr Kevtew T .eased Wire)
EUGENE, Ore.. Dec. 3. Lt. A. F.
Hoagland. flying officer of Mather
field, California, and aerial mail path
finder, arrived here late today after
covering a 415 mile lap of his jour
ney from Sacramento, Calif., to Seat
tle, Wash., in six hours and 55 min
utes actual flying time.
The aviator's course took him over
the snow-capped peak ot Mount Shasta
in northern California, which rises
14.350 feet above sea level.
Lieutenant Hoagland. expects to re
sume his flight tomorrow morning and
arrive in Seattle in the afternoon.
ANTOKE CHARMER NOW
GRAND CHAMPION BULL
Pv Review Leaned W're)
CHICAGO. Dec. 3. Antone Chant
er, a breeding red polled junior year
ling entered by J. W. Larabee, Earle
ville. Ills., was awarded the title of
grand champion bull, any age, at the
international livesto k exposition to
day. The breeding red polled senior
champion cow, two year old or over, is
Constant, entered by W. S. Hill, Alex
andria, S. D. A load of Hereford year-
j lings shown by J. W. Frazier. Rari
' tan. Ills., won the grand champion-
j ship of the carlot division. August
Meyer. El wood, lnd., took-the cham
pionship in the carlot hog class with a
load of Hampshires and "heart's de
light farm" of Chasey, N. Y., was the
victor in the carlot sheep division.
J. C. Andrew, Lafayette, lnd., took
the grand championship with his weth
er, a pure bred Southdown.
Among the breeding Belgian horses
Mon, Gros was named the senior cham
pion stallion. He is owned by H. Lefe
bur's Sons, Fairfax, Iowa. "Jupiter"
entered by C. G. Good, Ogden, Iowa,
is reserve champion. "Paramount,"
owned by George Rupp, Larupman,
Sask., is the Junior champion stallion,
and "Mon Gros." the senior champion
stallion, was also named grand cham
pion stallion.
OFFICIAL RETURNS
ARE RECEIVED IN
THE STATE CAPITOL
SUBMITTED MEASURES WILL
BECOME LAWS AS SOON AS
GOVERNOR ISSUES HIS PROCLA
MATION PHOENIX, Ariz., Dec. 3. The of
ficial figures, when announced by the
secretary of" state, will give the plu
rality of Thomas E. Campbell over
Fred T. Colter for governor as 339.
The returns from Cochise county were
received this morning, being the last
to come in.
No prqvisian is made by law for
canvassing the returns of the election
tor any state office, but provision is
made for canvassing the returns tor
initiative measures and amendments
to the constitution. These will be
canvassed tomorrow morning before
the governor and chief Justice, sitting
as a canvassing board.
Alt of the democratic nominees
were elected by large majorities, ex
cept the vote by counties, as returned
to the secretary of state:
Colter. Campbell. Smith.
Apache 528 409
Cochise 4S9S 4110 57
Coconino 807 935 21
Gila 2S76 2117 24
Graham 1252 822 11
Greenlee 1159 7S6 15
Maricopa 4977 7779 138
Mohave 899 527 29
Navajo ...... 812 7S0 11
Pima 1842 2465 21
Pinal 1U79 1169 9
Santa Cruz .. 6S3 609 5
Yavapai 2590 2615 60
Yuma 1126 804 43
Totals 255SS 25927 444
Plurality . . 339
Of the measures voted upon, all
passed but two. TheBe were the work
men';! compensation act. which was
defeated by a vote of 12.S73 ye and
27,177 no, and an amendment to an
arf of the legislature in the matter of
leasing lands, the last on the list to
be voted, which was defeated by 10,
239 yes and 10.975 no.
The redistricting measure won by a
vote of 17,504 to 10.6&S. The constitu
tional amendment on the sale and
leasing ot lands won by 16.372 to 10.
S67 av.J the constitutional amendment
minting the sale of lands carried by
14.374 to 11.179.
Capital punishment was restored by
a vote of 20.443 to 10.602. The gam
ing law just squeezed through by 10,
736 to 10,066 while the red light abate
ment act carried by 19,102 to 8930. The
law doing away with compulsory vac
cination carried 16.941 to 13.411.
The governor will issue his procla
mation, making these laws that car
ried effective, following the official
canvass and certifying of the vote by
the board, of which he is the head.
CAN GET OLD AUTO
LICENSE NUMBER
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Dec. 3 If you
wish the same automobile license '
number for next year that you have
for this year you may get it by apply
ing to the secretary of state. Secretary j
Sidney I . Osborn today began sending :
out notices to all. the names appearing j
on the books of the office, informing '
them that they may get their old num-1
bers by applying.
The new license plates have arrived I
and they will be issued after Decern-1
ber 15. The plates for next year are i
black with white letters and figures. I
This is the conformity with the law.
which requires the colors to be i
changed every year.
From January 1 to December 1 of i
this year there were Issued 23.S70 1
automobile licenses and the fees col- j
Iected amounted to $136,742. There
were 1204 transfers, for which fees
amounting to $1854.50 were collected. !
Motorcycle licenses number 6S4 and j
the fees amounted to $1299. There
were 449 chauffeur's licenses issued,
for which tees amounting to $2250
were collected.
Total fees through motor vehicles
amounted to $142,693.75. This Is not
the total fees for the office ot the sec
retary ot state, there being other fees
for other purposes.
The alcove at the east side of the
second floor of the capitol has been
taken over by the secretary of state's
office as an addition. Here the auto
mobile licenses are stored, racks hav
ing been provided for the purpose.
ENDORSE IRISH FREEDOM
(l"v Rnvlrw Loaned Wire)
SAN FRANC1SC. Dec. 3 The San
Francisco board of supervisors today
adopted a resolution "heartily com
mending" principles enunciated by
President Wilson and "respectfully
urging him to present the claim of
Ireland at the peace conference."
Ten Arizona Men
On Casualy List
Included in yesterday's lists of cas
ualties overseas, are the following
men from Arizona:
Irving D. Major, Aultman. killed in
action; Arthur A. Kerby, Webb, killed
in action; Arthur Alexander Wright,
Solomonville, killed ii action; E!i Da
vis. Skull valley, died of wound;
James A. Kiriacou. Williams, wounded
severelv: James Nation. lunean. miss-
!ing in action; William N. Day. Flor
ence, wounded severely, and Myrle Na
thaniel Stafford, Phoenix, wounded,
degree undetermined; Alfred Marlow,
Globe, missing in action.
Persons interested In the .complete
casualty lists, which arrive every day
from France, may see them at the Re
view business office, where they are
kept cn file.
Business Locals
CARD OF THANKS
We wish to thank the many friends
and neighbors for their sympathy
shown us during the sickness and
death of my beloved wife, Mary Snell;
also for the beautiiu! floral offerings.
244 MR. FRED SNKLL.
Rosenbarger's Beauty Parlors
moved to Room 15 over 5 and 10c
store. Main street. 203
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee.
Bisbee Auto company, 7:45 a. m., 1:30
p. m., 7 p. in. Phone Bis'uee 5. Adv.
Dr. Tlayfalr. -Osteopath, 98 Mason
Hill, Mason car stop. Phose Blue 647.
Adv. 231
I L. L. Oilmen sells the New Edisfln.
me rnonograpa witn a soui.
Painter and Taper Hanging
G J. BRANDT
Box 150 Phone 456
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 158. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street. Bisbee. Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest method.
Dr. Harriet I. Jotaon
OSTEOPATHIC PHYSICIAN
Diseases of women and children a
specialty. Office over Oilman's
Jewelry Store. Phone 768.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
O K ST.
NewTailoring
Department
We do our own designing and
cutting, also give you a try on be
fore garments are' finished, which
assures a perfect fit. Alterations,
cleaning and pressing meatly done.
H. MICHAELS
With Miller's Shirt and Hat Shop
Main Street, Elsbee.
tit Us Design YOUR
We don't send our gar
ments out to be made, but
cut, fit and make them in
our own shop. We guar
tee perfect fit, original
styles and 'quality fabrics
at, less than prices for ready
made garments.
FRUITMAiTS
FASHION SHOP
Tailors for Men and Women
Phcne 74 . Main Street
Opposite Wells Fargo
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Arizona.
October 19. 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Manuel
Larranaga, ot Garces. Arizona, who.
on September 29. 1915, made Home
stead entry. No. 02J436. for S. N.W.
t4. N. 4 S. W. i. Section 34. Town
ship 28 S., Range 21 E.. G. & S. R. B.
& Meridian, has filed notice of inten
tion to make Three Year proof, to es
tablish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor. U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on
the 26th day of November, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James F. Kelly, of Garces. Arizona.
Charles A. Martin, of Lowell. Ari-
zona, y
William Ryan, of Hereford. Arizona.
George L Dunn, of Stark. Arizona.
JOHN L IRWIN, Reiister.
Xmas. Suit!