J -'--..-I
WEATHER
Thurs. and Fri. fair,
not much chjuuf ii.
j temperature
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service.
VOL. 21, NO. 96.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 191 S.
0
PRICE FIVE C'JNTS.
4H ' "C
W -. 1 I J K - K i ' a I J -
f
HI SRiFS
nut ru
BACK 0;
BATTLE L
I
I
American's Cut Off for Two
,
DaVS Are Rescued but the
i
Ground Around Them Isj
;
Piled Hi2h With Foe Dead
"cu TTI"X "c
'
UNDATED WAR LEAD, (By the i
Asscciated Press). Again the Ger ;
mans are in retreat on an important :
sector of the western battle front in:
France. The scene of the new retro j
ii ii
incui
piv!
UWt
IES
grade movement is a wide front north for heavy shelling and machine gun
and south of the Labassee canal. fire west of the Meuse and at other
The continuation by the entente al- J points held by our troops, nothing of
lied forces of their brilliant achieve- unusual importance has occurred dur
ments in restoring Belgian Flanders ! ins- the day. A partial count of the
and expulsion of the enemy from fur-' material captured during the past
ther territory in France from the reg- week shows 120 guns of all calibera,
Ion of Canibrai and Verdun evidently : 750 trench rcortars, 300 machine gVins.
has brought the Germans to the rea!i- 100 beavv tank guns, thousands of ar
zation that the great bend in the linejtiHery shells and hundreds of thou
from Menin to the east of Arras l&-sw&vt rounds of small arms ammu
likely to prove another such trap asinition' '.
was the St. Mihiel salient unless theyj
are .fast enough of foot to move east-. WITH THE AMERICAN FORCE&
ward, giving up Liile. Lens and DouaijOX THE VERDUN FRONT, Oct. 2.
and straighten their line from the vi I German artillery in the early hours
clnity of Cambrai to eBlgium. I
On all other six battle fronts from; h ind the American lines with shells
Pelgium to Verdun the entente forces j containing sneezing gas and phos
are keeping up their successful ad I gene. Between the Meuse and the Mo
vances, although the Germans every selle the Germans dfrecetd quite a
where except northwest of Rheims concentrated artillery force on the
l,v matPHallv KtiffpnpH their front ' A m"rican positions. The nervousness
and are offering strong resistance to:f the enemy along the line indicates j
furtbep Inroads into their territory. , mat ne expects an auacn.
In Belgium Flanders the wedge ot ' American detachments entering Ge?
the Belgian, British and French troops! n". northwest of Mor.tfai.con found
has penetrated still further eastward,'5' le of tne enemy The roads in
and southward from Dixraude. and : the neighborhood of the village like
only a few miles more will be required ' wl?,e re clear ?f Germans
by the allied troops to give them posi-l German n.rplane fell to An e
tions by which Ostend. one of Ger l f anti-aircraft guns and me fifty
many-s sea bases, will be made un Aurtnaw were captured in the Woe.
i,. , ..... v i w sector.
lenauie. aua mueeu, uic euwir -uiu.
Sea coast now in German hands put:
j ii i tj:.:-u
ently bomtaramg the coast and he
Germans are reported to be moUng ,
tneir neavy guns eastwaru, leanui 01
lueir capiui v.
Many additional towns have been
captured by the allies in this region
and numerous prisoners hava been
taken. The Important railroad junc-
tlon point of : Rouler. fa . all but in i the j
l . ' ..r. . D""1""?,
.rom nouiers me uriuta nave cut iu
Roulers-Menin railway at two places,
and are ,n the process of inest1ng
The'French are in full possesion otl
;t Onentin md hnvp nf.asprt nn Mt-
bt. yuentm ana nave pas&ea on east
ward. The entire Hindenburg system
between St. Quentin and Lecatelet has
been completely smashed by Field
Marshal Haig's forces, with whom the
irhnm Ika lmnHgna nv-o Vi r i t -l I t 1 1 anA
further ground has been won In Uiel
r k .ho,
uuiaMita ui vamuiai aim iiuuu v ' i i. " i
city. At one point north of St. Quen
u.. i e ownau e.c .u.u lu ,.,
a village under a heavy counter at-1
tin the British were forced to give up
tack by fresh German troops. A band,
of Americans who had outdistanced j
their fellows m arms were surround-
ed on one sector by the Germans but j
" 'T",, , . ' uu""i,of
wnicn tney Miiea many oi me enemy
who sought to capture them
Kortbwest of Rheims thp St Thiprrv
- - - j miuauon ior me vieiuiaii iorces iioiu-
massif has been eaptured and north ot,na , ims tn the pr, nt Rhpims
.lie louicmai til j ,11 nil ii U1ID
Betheny have been reached by thej Bni B;rthelot in these sections will;
French. The Germans along this front . mate 0f the Rheims salient another j
are in retreat to their old 1917 line) ,wret from which the Germans will'
and 'the French have reached he j f jnd an exit with difficulty.
Aisne canal at several points. Fichtin? continued during the night
The French in Champagne and thejn the suburbs of St. Quentin. Thej
Americans on their right have made ' Germans were trying to repair the
further gains against the Germans In breach made there in the Hindenburg
lnanlnff nut iKa A ........ fAp&.l 1 11 .... . 1 .. M A ,.t n , . I. '
. iruiiiiib vii i.iv; niuntic luirni
and pressing northward on both sides .
of this bastion.
In Palestine the Pritish have occu-
pied Damascus and taken more than;
7,000 Turk prisoners.
TO HOLD TRENCHES
PAms Oct The rfpvpionmpnl '
In the situation on the American front j These positions are being fiercely de-(been spent bv the time it is received
northwest of Verdun tend to confirm I fe"od- tlle Germans retiring only step, at the treasury. The government al
e opinion that it is the enemy's ap-jb' s:nD and mfU'P'ying their counter ready Is paying out monev at the
parent intention to hold on to thei
Kriemhilde Steelung system of trench-!
es running from Erieulles to the Boisi,
De Cunel, thence south to Gesnes.
.,, c,w rA I., ,.!
cinity of Exermont. crossing the Aire'1?:' and took a formidable position
river, one kilometer north of Ppre-! "J5"?1 L ,eA , .
' The Germans are expected to make i
m(L.' . , . , . . la desperate defense In Tliat sector in
Ttw. tSin! iu-lll ZZ' fa( "i,at" t,lpir retirement to
to this developing a s tua ion similar BW.ondary pogl,ion Dehlnd the Hin-
to that after St. Mihiel. with a broad Lfc. '
outpost lone.
There is continuous artillery actly-
ity along this sector, and the Ameri
can air forces are working without
cessation. Last evening American
pursuit planes engaged eight Fokkers,
and it is believed that one of the
enemy's machines crashnd.
PARIS, Oct. 2. Tne Matin an
nounces that the Germans are evacu-
if
mm
REPORT Or HIS
uermans ouojeci lanks to.
Shelling of Gases; French j
Holding St Quentin and;
Other Important Towns
Ky Iti-virw Lfasfnl Wire) !
WAPKINGTOX, Oct. 2 General j
Per-hin-53s communique today say
thiit a partial count of the material i
captured during the last week by the,
Amcrl:an troops advancing between!
e Meuse ar-I .r?onne shows 120,
uuv. ; of all calibers. 7o0 trench inor-,
tars- 3rt0 machine suns. lOO heavy tank I
guns, thousands of artillery shells and
nuiiureds of thousands of rounds of j
si-!l grin ammunition.
Only heavy artillery and machine j
gun fire was reported on the front,
The statement follows: j
Headquarters American Expedition-1
ary Forces, Oct. 2 Section A Except
today freely sprinkled the areas be-H
rj.,i,.iJt, i
has been received with rejoicings by
enem , wh the ,ines were
h
T(e chnnt,p in the w3at!,er t0 cold
and dry has made the roads again!
available for traffic. The enemy op- j
position continues, but there are Indi-I
cations that the fithting is of a cov-1
prini fltararter snd that he .content-1
,?tes a witndl.awal to a more distant I
line of defense. I
FRENCH R1IY IN
p1. in? heioCs forces I
the course of the night and this
Wit WHS)
i
morning compieiea tneir conquests oi v......
7 .!.. ni.hn cW h i nn total is ra hpiI
1 U H I I 1 uia.miii uuuuncai ui " -
Rheims. occupying Poullion and tak-j Official reports today from all fed
ing the fort of St. Thierry. . era! reserve districts except Kansas
The French now dominate the plain
to the east and threaten the German
Positions all along the Aisne-Marne
fanal from Hetheny to the north and
including the fort of Brimont, wherf? '
were posted the guns that oceomplish-
neater part of the destruction
D.
T1,p ,nes wpre hd rtt
, nortnward toward Belheny. The
,f ih. imnrtat nn.itinn.
ar0lind gL Thierry and the advance
Generil Couraud-R men In the re-1
. nf c. Marie-A-Pv in the rlnra
.u. j , ... v ........ u ..n
rnr.J" LrA?. iT LlZX!t:t
. Lu ,
Further advancesby both Gouraud
D Ul i;nilllili; unicuoc ul .11
Crozat canal, where they have massad
g great number of machine guns to
prevent the French troops from cross-1
ing.
'Ihe heights here are cut by steep
cliffB and deep ravines and studded j
w ith clumps or trees ana micieenia, j
"irnlsn excellent positions tor ae.iense.
P"1"'0 h,iic mo nnn uinauv rHie u .-, uou.uuh, nu n is sui
trf")ps advance.
Genera" ?houra,'d'" men t!'is mlrn -
lag burst through a very deep line
t w ire defenses south of Orfeuil and !
! uruuiii iiii.
In the Champagne, the enemy also i
, rPdoub,ilIf, hi!, efrrtg to hold off I
Generla Gouraud's forces on the line l
of Nfonthois-Orfeull-Liry. i August. Of this amount $1,274 .fo.ri 000
In the wooded valley of the Aisne, wss In ordinary war expenses and
east of Lily and northeast of Boucon- j $282,1 HO. 000 in forelen loans. Only
ville, which had been transformed Into I151.7fi0.000 came Into the treasury
a series of centers of resistance, a from taxes, customs and other ordi
very hard struggle took place, ending nary revenue sources. Sales of war
in the occupation of the mof-t Import-, savincs and Ihrirt stamps fell to 7.
ant positions by General Gouraud's 614,000 from 'he $129.044.0"u of au-
i AMERICAN ARTILLERY HAMMERS AWAY AT
vr - . . -. v
Military critics agree that no
fortifications, however strong they
may be, can long withstand the
batterinz of modern artillery. The
LIBERTY LOAN
I'WiliS
FALLING DOWN
Will Take an Average of Over,
Three Hundred Million j
.Daily to Reach Quota; Now j
Considerably Short j
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2. President
Wilson and other oticials feel thr.t the ;
i American people must exercise cnu-
Hnn inlt fl,a n.n,l nou-. fmm tlw htil
fronts cause a relaxation of effort on i
behalf ol the fourth Liberty Loan. 1
Thus far no such tendsncy has been
noticeable and the campaign has bee;i
going with an enthusiasm comparable
to that with which the battle reports I
have been received.
It is pointed out that now that vie-1
,.. i, definitely hei.-.e brnuzht to the ,
: j nin,i ., f,,T,H a., i
more fund9 are needed to enable the
fighting men to press home their'
Uard advantage nnd hurl the Ger-
man hordes beyond the Rhine, aecre-
tary McAdoo is understood to have
determined to have empha-
City, which has not started taking
subscriptions, showed $411,142,05
pledges actually received and accom
panied hv payments oi the 10 per cent
Initial installment. This covers re-
feints up to last nitht. but does not
include millions of dollars In subscrip
tions on which the initial piymer.t his
not been made, or has been made, but
rot yet repotted officially by banks.
The total tomorrow nitht is expect-
p , tpveral hnn.irpH tiilllnfi Hill-
!iirs greater. In order to raise $6.0;i0.-
!f,nuor.o 1, n-r.nM hp r.erpss.irv tn tet (
. ... .. i
at tins re.I'urea rate, approximaieiv :
vin: i.,,m K..Pn h. !
scribed bv this time.
Seles by districts were r. follow:;:
Boston, '$67.1"iS.150
New York. $139.41 S.500.
Philadelphia. M':!.o77.900.
Cleveland, $16.21.1.100.
Richmond. $14.18.750.
Atlanta. $1,674,800.
Chicago, $27.nr.2.7Brt.
St. Louis. $60,970,950.
Minneapolis. $18,44S.750.
Dallas. $4.S12 450.
San Francisco. $37.9r5.90.
In connection with the efforts to
prevent a slackening of camifit:ii mo-
rale, it was cited today by treasury
officials that practically all of the six
billion dollars to be raised will have
stantially the money to be raised in
the fourth loan Nearly 4.5iK).OOO.Of..)
has been received in the las-t two
months from sale of certificate ot in
debtedness. but these securities are
only temporary expedlont a o hj- PaM
out of receijits from Liberty Bonds.
Consequently the soverninent is al-
read v spending Its fourth Liberty Loan
money.
w i. u w..
in oi-puriiluri. -xi won nmmii uy A
treasury report t'idav, the government
paid out l.r,r,7.24 Ooo. or $2 18.0on.000
less than the $1,805 00'i.ono record of
' -
t i
4
t
L. b. artillery in action otfore it'tz.
i' .i!!ies have been within sijrht cf '
M;-tz since they elininated the St.
Mihiel salient. A'lied artillery ia
. now hammering away at the town.
iiffiA WAVE
CONTINUES TO !
All WORRY;
Army Camps Report Failing
Off in New Cases, but More
Civilians Affected; 80 Per,
Cent Hog Island Men 111
(f!y Review Leasi J Wire)
PHOENIX. Arix.. Cc:.- 2 The
St.ite Normal school at Flagstaff,
with student;', has been placed
under quarantine with the discov
ery of approximately fifty bona
fido cases o intluenza. according
to infurniation received here tod iy
by State Superintendent ol" Fubiic
Health O. ri. Brown. Dr. Ilrov.n
also states that more than Z'H)
cusp's have hetii reported to him
bv the authorities ot Winsiow,
Ariz.
Ur. Urown was urged to go to
Flagstaff and assume direction ot
the condition: tiierc. hut. instead
dispatched several nurses and lo
cal physicians. He j.ieaded that
his duty led him to ic:iiain in
Pli'iuuix where U.i fear3 the epi
demic will break out at any
minute.
(I.v Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2. For the
first time since it becanfe epidemic,
spread of Spanish influenza at armv
cann.s showed a slight abatement dur-!
ing the twenty-four hours ending at
noon today. New c.ises reported to -
tailed slightly more than lS.timi. a
,,rMo (1r iii'iiil frem ihe niiiiiiier r-'
l-o:led the dar before. Pneumonia 1
'also showed a'deereusf with only S76 '
' new cases and 271 deatfts. i
I ,..,.,w tniiov , n,u nffk-ou rf '
curt-pon pi-npf-il of the iirinv show-1
ed jecSf in 7ne !
- - -
cs of Spanish influenza at army
camps, information coming to till'
public health service was tnat the di -
m-ase was rauidiv spreading among :
'the civilian population over the coun-
,rv
The malady has appeared now in i
forty three states and the District of j
Columbia, and besides New England j
it is epidemic in tidewater Virginia. .
So.ith Carolina and other places. It I
was reported particularly prevalent I
along the Atlantic seaboard and the !
n..te n, 'i ..,.. K-i t I
I ih. fit.i iiv Imkmi f:t.n lv ih !
public service. " .
The number of new cases in army I
camps during the twenty-four hours
ending at noon today was slightly i
.i .i j i.i.ui
more than ln.ooil. a-decrease of 10O0
from the total reported the day before. I
Pneumonia In the camps also showed !
a decrease with S56 new cases and 271 I
deaths.
Corditions at Camp Devens, Massa
chusetts. continue to show improve
ment, only ninety-two new cases being
reported there today. The crest of the
epidemic aso appears to have been '
passed at Camp Di. N. J . which show-: Is under consideration. Next is the re-, mounted division entered Damascus ( permti them to carry out a w ith
ed only :!14 new cases against 543 yes- fusal of the socialists to enter the gov-' .Monday niuht. At 6 a. in.. October 1. ,nivval
terday. There were fifty deaths at Dix i emment as at present constituted in-' the city was occupied by the British. To the south another critical situa
and twenty-nine at Devens. dlcative of a determination to hold out : forces and by a portion of the Arab j-pn jH developing. It seems certain
Influenza has spread to shipyards for th" right of the majority party I" army of King Hussein. Over Toon pris-' to officers here that the Gertnin lead
in Now Kngland and North Atlantic the relchstag to namt the members of toners were taken. rrs planned to withdraw slowlv from
states to such ai extent that Director , the cabinet, even thoueh that involves,' "After its surrender with the excep- the most advanced Eround they held
Geenral Schwab of Hi; emergency 1 he change of Ihe tVruiHii constitu- tion of necessarv guards, all the allied Htout Rheims. gradually straightening
fleet corporation today described the tion. I troops were withdrawn from the "city : and shortening their lines as they
situation as. "serious." In the yards ..s a half-way measure and in a des- for the time being The local author-; went and with the movement screened
at Fore River. .Mass.. he said there perate ffort to save the imperial pre-jlties remain responsible for its admin-1 by a machine gun rear guard battle,
were about 3'iO.t cases, or 10 per cent ' rogaiive. Kmperor William already has istnftion." I "xhe British smash north of St. Quen
of Ihe workers. : tried tho experiment of himself select- fin. however has nnenprl th wav tn
At the Hog Islam! var.ls approxi-
mutely S per cent of the :!0.ono men
have beer, unable to report for work
METZ FORTIFICATIONS
American runs are takinjr a lead-
inn part. This French official photo
shows American artillery in action
rear Metz.
REPRESENTATIO
I
-
German and Austrian Military
HOW OFFERING
If GOVERNMENT;
!
1 J . D r "a nave made progress m the di-: British penetration of theline.it
Leaders .vOW KeailZe Inat'rectloa of Ihourout and repoiu huv xtn--. S;.id may furr.'sh Marshal Fuch
.UUD , . 'reached headquartsrs. but as yet they ; a n-ieuRS to em?rrasg the Ger-
tO Hold feople, Must Uive;are unconfinned. that this town ha. ' inr. r; trent. always with the po-sibil-AII
CI n j actually been reached. !tv of pre, ipit'-.tinn a veritable rout.
All Elements Consideration Heavy mud resulting from the re-; ranged hv wall of victorious ene-
!cent ral"y weather has some -hat ' nici over the whole front from the
! slowed up the movement, but in spite i North sea to Verdun, the situation of
(Hv jViw lnso.i Wlr... of tne diftifuitiea the Belgia.is and ; the Germans is undoubtedly grave.
V.-SHlXCTOS Oct - Sicis a-e 1 Br,t,h hav Vvu J tlu'ir iorwan: The drive in Belgium Is nenacini vi'-
, mnlriplyii.g in reports reaching the
s'a'.j department from varicus pgen
:es in neutral European countries of
t ie rapid weakening of the despot
, eonuol v.nicn tne military elements In
.Ocmary and Austria have imposed ! , .rhV ;r Zi
., , , . ground tjuav out uioie imiortant
, noon he civ il pop.Oation. American ; llall lhe eItn,,t ()f ,t,:Tltorv u tttf f:lct
olf.c.als are becoming cenvmcod thatith,t they look po8kj.jna whk.h wouU,
; the Imperial rulers have been forced. . have bet.n ol- mU(h ilnportal.ca l0 ,he
: '"we ;r- re1llf-tan;I'- to he convict on German3 for future operations.
. that if they are to pr-sfrv the.r dy-l Patrou aave peaci.ated tuiihex Into
; nasties from drstru.Mon they must , burning Cambrai. Ceneruily speaking
.ei, u. ue srowiiiB uemana oi me(jhc battle today has not beta ptc -
civilisn eleme-its for the right of par-, gresing with the same vigor as recent-
;iu-i...-..i n n: ,ne Bvsr!niicni uurintty, inevKable pauses heie a:i;l ttoerc ! ii well i-nder wry. The question un
t.ils (risis. . serving to give the impies.-ion of a 1 ermost in the minds of armv officers
! T'le military parties have retained ' iack or pctd in the movement. ihere is vhrthw the Gormnn hUh m-
I thcir control only because of their as-; Headquarters in France ' mand lias acted in time.
, For!?ted ability to secure a militar) The contingent of Americans, who i Anni.uncineu ft mm Paris that 2 ''.
: decisie:: that would confirm German : had been holJing out s.nce Sunday in . pri ;uers "- re taken by the French
! supremacy over continental Europe , a far advanced position between Cam-- rtrrdav in operations between th,"
;and the British Isles as well. Now ! brai and St. Qut nt.n ag.-.i.ist sreatly Vf slo pp. the Aisne rivers is sinifi
1 thnt the Gtrman armies are being de-j superior enemy numbers, have been cant of the difficulty of gettnii troops
ln"" "' uacn iaio ueriuany
' an' tnc nation is confronted with thej
gainful certainty of an Invasion and ,
the "action (lf justice for the wrongs 1
j int'iet.M upon the French and Bel-;
i Kwns t,,e influence of the pan-Ger-j
de-!ma!!S an(1 military parties is wan-;
H "3 hrlieved thnt the two em
PeT.rs have decided t'j if they are
10 rcinln the supp: rt of the people,
lnev "lust ul; " IO uie r'viiwn parties
that have been demanding a voice in
a I airs, it was pointed out to:ia v tnat
President Wilson, has .repeatedly de-'
.pl iroil tint ,vii Hip mlliian- ml. .f
: r'-' red that vvl.a the militarv rulers of
: the central powers, convicted of break-'
l' - i' - ; faith, and dceit. there can be'
no discussion of peace for whifh the
German people apparently fire ciamor
His. Hence tr.e Delated attempts ot
the emperors to erect a structure of,
real dcmccratic government t'irough ,
t lie creation of cabinets responsible to '
the parliaments m the hope taat with ,
these tne entente statesmen will be
willing to confer about peace.
Indications of such a purpose are
(lidPDmaH Vi v A mori.'iin lrff t-a !a In E
various utterances and arts of the
German and Austrian leaders. In his
acceptance of the resignation of Pre
mier von Herding. Fmperor William ,
appealed to the strong men or Gor-tha heavy losses he has sustained in
i i,.o .1,1 ii.n:..i. i...i..ri.,i ;
many to come to his aid and share the;
burdens of government, a direct bid.
for the support of the socialists and
centrists in return for participation in:
the cabinet.
Then there are the statements in
leading German newspaper, signifl j - -cant
because they have passed the; LONDON. Oct. 2
scrutiny of thp German censors that 1
the creation of a responsible rahinftl
;,g leaders of the opposition parties:
f,,r minor places In the cabinet am',
promising to forward the enactment
mm report
! shows limn is
i HOMBlliL
British Rescue of Americans
Cut Off Described as Being
One of Most Dramatic Inci-'
cents of the W ar !
LONDON. O'-t. 2. -The Germans are
j in rctre.it over a ride area norih Slid
souto of Lapses ca-i.-u. wiih the Hri -
ii.-ii cii)M" ioii!imk iijt'iii. u-ccirunig
. to Fit-Id Marshal Ilai report froin
headquarters t.-inifeht.
Tiie text of the ciimiunieju'm foi
j lows:
I "This morning the cicrny attack-'! i
strongly north"ast cf fc't. (it'-viiin v.'ih ; ,
s fre: h troops from his rter"s an:l t uc-
iceeded in pressing back our troops ' WASHINGTON. Oct. 2 The Cer
! f-om the village of Seq v,iarr. when; man rlp on northern France and IM
jhis progress stopped. iriur.i his b-n definit-lv broken. Even
j "Local rghting has taker, place to the most cautious ' mi'.itarv observer-
.day north of Gr'v.-court. S'u:n cf C?.)i:-;n Wasiir.eton asreed toniisht that thi
I brai, and west of Canibrai. but with- Hi 'deiburs; line was disinteerat'ni.
:out material change in th-j situation, and armv officers centered their who!
j As a resul; of their operp.'i'.r-s jestei .attention on the efforts of tae G-r-.
: day and last nijrht in the reinl.oi- nun leaders 'o extricate their armies
' hood of Camhrai. Canadian troupe now . without a cribbing disaster.
. V.. .1.1 . t. v . .
i .C V u
and the h,gh ground we.t o. na iulnes.
tar' th's 0"unu-. the enemy com -
imenced to with.iiaw on a wide front,
south and north ot La Baos canal.
I Our troops are following up the wah-
:diaal closely and have taken rris -
iiiifi?..
.. . ... .
The artillery lias aga:n been moved
up all along the line and is hammer-
ing away at the tioche rear in a con -
tinuous roar.
Again there has been busk fighting
lK)th in the region north an I south of
tambrai and in Flanders.
The Belgians and British in the
, u.
. The taking of Thourout mould still
' further increase H;o menace to Os-
j tend.
ine Aastntlians sou.U of CauibriK
iM h:lr,i ,lii .,... ,..
rescued.
in our a(acks around Ve'-.dhuile
yesterday we were able to fight
through and relieve this party, ii'.ira-
bering some hundreds, who. having
taken up their position Suud;y ni'4i::,
were surrounded by the Germans eariv
Mondav. '
. .Votwithstan. ling that they were op-
posed by such superior numbers ar.d
only passesed tne ammunition and ia-,
' tions which thev il.e"iselve . w rp
, carrying, the America:. -ue-le a mac.
n.fi.lnfresistance and theunV
u,rn-n ., (,, f ....,. .i , i -i-v. ...v. i
.strewn with t,er::iau dead. Ihe whol
of th Hindenburg sv steni below the
Belliccurt tunnel is reported to bo iu
Bntiih han.'.s. Strong patrol- are
worKmg cautiously through the tunnel
ana its many lateral galleries.
The Australians are exploiting their,
gaina of yesterday. Iu- the terse
language of the only report thus far
received they are "going on." So like-
wise are tne Canadian and English di-
visions between Lecatelet and the i .
isensee river.
Brit ih A mu U4f4iuirfM
The eneinv for some tinn nnsr Kh
'been employing liquid air as a substi-
tute for high explosives w hich is an
indication that he is beginning to feel
war material.
The leport that the Germans have
set fire to Cambrai does not appear to
he confirmed. It is believed the fire
was caused by the burning of ainmiiiii-
tion dumps.
-A ltriti.-h official
statement issued t-.uiight says:
"Palestine Troops of an Australian
LONDON. Oct. 2 - The British have ,
gained a little ground north of Cam-
brai. The enemy is Hunting stubborn-
HIST TRAP 15
CLOSING 01
OOCHE FORCE
ill n Minrnn
- Submarine Bases in Belgium
in Dangerous Position;
Important Rail Connections
Being Captured
tuitilanked in Beisinm and
Cnanipai.nc ,he reat r,erniaB
; dpfpn wr.ki; known as the
v'ui.4ii,,r 111 I7-1J.1IIU tlllU 1U III?
zene of
b Iinp a;readv WM hwomiug unten.
abIe whon FieH Marnhal HaiVs mn
0f st. oUonti The immediate in-
. . . .
1 veFimer.i oi tne uv oy Frencl tro.ip.
anc! thc fwift wil,pninit pf ,ne bnach
Porth ward colipit,i with th continued
...,,, - , ..-. cres of r.ench iviaiaa and
British forces in V.t isium, it U thought
- ... r,av ,.rs-i;.iv upset the ho
Grrn;.n M llini ci- retirement, which
'alrradv had begun oa the Rheims
; front .
ai ooniinutiicatioiis on one side, whire;
American and French troops iu the
ch.unpagn are surctn:; forward t v
ward i.n ".:ia;iy cital supply lines on
f h other Ti:e battle line is asstr.n"
. ' .v " . . ." '
P?, ' lnM,!i"
its iv o:;t to easuif the German
arrr)ei, rnia
Tbe GcrmRn lecders hjve se,.n ,hr
'cfr. Of,-hi reports to the state
i departing todav indicated that evac-
; nafi-n of thP .u'bnv.rine bases on the
Belgian coast wa imminent. T:ere
ialsn is u.nohisivc cvlj.-i.ee that the
1 evacn-uion of t line-, before Kheinn
lacK saieiy out ot an r.aamtoneil Ii-iit-
'"S lin-'- There has been no hint of
a '"rench attack on a larse scale on
,is 'r."et and the Merlin st.itenienM
.have characterized the movement as
; a withdrawal. Or.lv a narrow front
w a;: invo'ved. vet 2.eili men left as
rear guards, were captured.
T" withdraw the whole 250-mile
fro:lt w"pre ihe allied and Americ.ii
: "' '1 rn.irsing torwuru o.i ane
:'. v
i".'. . i i i s.,in'T7.i,.iu- id-... , :i;i
c:isHt:tly incree::mg superiority cf
m-mhers ard .un power r.-stia; w. it rt
Marshal Koch, observers here believe
t'trli,'t wi" be dirri,,,,t heond
K0- 'ere is no possibility It was
sa'd. of fcrfcasting what nriv happen.
There aro several places on the
front where the situation appears par
ticularly critical Officers said the
I evtcii itii"! of the Belsinn coast prob
ably would be forced on the enemy in
i'n ef'ort to avoid an even more seri
ous reverse in the .Lil'i sector. The
Fr.tisli wing of the drive In Return
is hammering at the vital supply lines
of the Lille salient on one side, w hile
l' e st :;,"v a(,vanre r other l.rUts.i
ZZZ.TTZk uZ,17 JTl
, only other route of escape from tiie
rapidly forming pocket. Already the
. , , Z. L. k o iin ' ,h , i
i.irt. e..einy ht es oo.iimk me u puis
, of this pocket faee the necessity .f
,i,e if tho host jjnos ,f with
'" ,.i,,,v..l '
passing along the :!ruih front on
id raw. I
are fo'lowed.
Si me oftieers hi re think the Ger-
' i" mis fi'ni o that surrender of the Bel
gian coas line will draw the French
and BiUin armies in that direction.
thus easing the strain against the
i iiip iriim-t . nf in.n i,ln, n,i.
the valley of the Oise and the invest-
ment of Ijion from the north. The
fall of Latere, already encircled on
(Contlnued on Paca Two)
(Continued on Page Two)
(Continued on I'ase Seven)
(ContiiiucJ on Pane Seven)
(Continued on l'ajjo Seven)
.Continued on Psj Two)
(Continued on Pax Two TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1918.
SENATOR FAH IS
RENOMINATED;
(Bv Review Lcasi-d Wire)
. SANTA FE. N. M., Oct. 2 Thomas
B. Catron of Santa Fe county, was
late today chosen permanei.t iha.r
man of the republican siati conven
tion which assembled here for the pur-
pose of nominating a sUw ticket to
day. The gathering did little darin-;
the day except listen to the keynote
address delivered by H. O. Hmsoni.
temporary chairman, who was tivo:i
an ovation as he took the stand.
Mr. Bursom's address was dovot'-d
largely to a defense of the record of
United States Senator A. Ii. Fall and
of republican ofiiciais in New Mexico,
who were made the subject of bitter
attacks in the democratic platiorm. lis
made a plea far a republican cunpres.
declaring such a body was netd'-d lor
the most efficient prosecution of the
war. His references to Theodore
Roosevelt were cheered to the echo.
Chairman Catron's address was de
voted to an analysis of the national
iitiation and his views of the vit-1
need of a republican congress to tairy
on the war to a successful conclusion.
United States Senator Albert U.
Fall was renominated by acclamation
by the republican tsate convention at
9 o'clock tonight. He wa3 placed in
nomination by Herbert B. Holt .of Las
Cruces and received a prolonged ova
tion which was the notable featuro ot
the convention.
Senator Fall's renon.inat.cn followed
the adoption of resolution closely fol
lowing the lines of the keynote speech
delivered at the morning session vi
the convention.
NAMES OF THOSE
WHO ARE MISSli
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2 Names of
the missing from the American steam
er Buena Ventura, torpedoed and sunk
ty an enemy submarine off the toast
of Spain, Sept. 16, were announced to
Digbt by the navy department. The
list, which includes three naval olti
cers, one army officer, seventeen en
listed men of the navy and five others
whose names are not on the navy de
partm?nt records, follow:
Naval Lieut. Wm. C. Mawdaley,
Hoy Lajte, Engtand.
Ensign Henry C. Brown, Brooklyn.
fc.nc.i4a Hciiirich Kalning, Bronx.
New York.
Army Licit. Allen C. AIusseT-man,
Philadelphia.
The tollowine enlisted men of the
navy are reported missing:
harry Rcece, Antrim. Camden, N. J.
James Bennatt, Negaunee, Mich.
Gustave Philip Busse, Brooklyn.
..lontagvo I- Launcey, leri(!ia"4.
)-'
Walter Ernest Etzold, New York.
Paul Ixiuis Kropp. Racine. Wn.
Ja-nes Mahathey. Manchester, Tenn.
Edwin David Phillips, I'hila'ie'-iiin.
H'-irry C. Ucdnioi.d. Jr., Mount C-lt:i.
Texas.
Chas. Wm. Robertson, Princcf:;;,
N .t
Elliott Mathews Scott O.elsea. M-.n.
Louis Siegel, Brooklyn.
Albe't W. Smith, llevere, Miss.
David Vermeulen, Peterson, N. J.
Keefe Jennings Whitman, Char.ip
rr .snville, W. Va.
Artlrur Williams, Germantown, Pa
Wm. Otto Winters, Harrisbur., Pi.
The other live men reported ini.;-;-mg
are Joseph I. Sttllvan. John A.
Campbell, Untor E. Wain in. Carl H.
Baldwin and Wm. G. Morrissey.
HUN ARMIES ARE
PUSHED BACK ON
SIX BATTLE LINES
(Oititinued from 1'ape One)
ating Lille and that the commander
there has reiuisiii(,iicd all means ef
transportation even wheelbarrows an?
baskets, to take away the booty. Tl:e
newspr-pcr adds that tie evaluation
of the tonspeople to Relgian lovr.s
ntar the German border is being pur
sued hastily.
FIXE" PRIGS PRINT PAPZR
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. Judges of the
United States circuit court, ac'iig a-,
arbitrators in the controversy b: tv .. .:
the ncv.-sp.int paper tnannatc! rrr -
pnd itt fe !ra! trudo rrmmi. : :o'i .
the price of newsprint paper today,
handed down a decision a war i'ig a
price of ? A) per Ion pounds for rolled
news in crrlad lots f. e. b. mill.
This requires the price cuirent las'
spring w hi 'h vas reduced f ?:! !'j by
the federal trade comniisison.
RLG. U. S. WT.
j'aIl 4s L 11 U ......
ArLnou-W--H the s:.ruLrJ ,V
on tlx Coas: r.::d snail vcr.;';: :
"Extra Sirv'ce Every .'ii'-j
Comfort Every I.";nu':c"
Tii.-.t's vliy it i; I'cinr; v.-or 1 -
tlrousands of men ia ail v.diu ci
Lre" BLACK
Office Men Hiker. rTotrrmcn Gl'i' H 3TAL
Attorneys F.-3-T.icr e uifiuctors OF
Phyeician Orchrdisti :jri'cr . m
Look fi r tiie raw F' .':::: : "f f r?
sumretl on the sole C'l ct .- .cc '
If nut Mailable fncii ynar 1im1it.
se-:d t:'.i: hvA J wit ; f,
3 U C i: I N C H A V & HCCHT
Man-jfnctij-cr 3
PLANS FOR AN
ADJOURNMENT;
WILL TAKE THREE DAY
RECESSES DEGINNING THIS
WEEK AND HOPE TO ADJOURN
OVER ELECTION TIME
(I!y . Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Oct. "2. Plans for
suspension of (-digress over the No
vember elections were revived today
by congressional leaders, after a sur
very of the senate and house legis
lative calendars.
The seven billion dollar army emer
gency appropriation hill, now before
the house military committee, the em
ergency pewer bill, passed yesterday
by the house, the conference report on
the emergency agricultural hili with
its war time prohibition rider, pend
ing before both houses, and formali
ties in the senate of laying aside the
woman sulfrage resolution were listed
for preferential consideration.
Democratic and republican leaders'
in the hcuse reached a tentative agree
ment today to suspend the hour-e next
Friday and begin a series of three
dr.y recesses until October 14, when
it is planned to take up the army ap
propriation measure. Prompt passage
of the bill by both houses seemed as
sured and it was expected that by Oc
tober .0 congress could adjourn for a
niont'i ever the elections. In the mean
time, the senate was expected to pars
the power bill and both houses act
cn t..e agricultural measure. Tiie wom
an suffrage resolution will come be
fore the senate tomorrow on the mo
tion of Chairman Jones of the wom
an suffrage committee for re-censider-r'.ion
cf the 53 to 31 vote by which
it was lcat yesterday. The motion,
however, probably will not be tressed
to a vote until after the elections.
Although leaders are certain that
bntli senate and house virtually enn
suspend work by the three day recess
plan, the r.ew proposal for a month's
recess from about October 20 to No
vember 20 is dependent upon progress
made by the senate finance commit
tee in revising the war revenue bill.
Chairman Simmons of the commit
tee today changed his estimate of com,
pleting the measure in three weeks
and said considerable longer time
would be required. Majority leader
Martin said tonight that after the im
perative pending measures are passed
he could see no reason why congress
should not recess until the finance
committee is ready to report the rev
enue bill, with prospects that this will
not be until after the elections.
MAKING AIRPLANE FLIGHTS
F.- T: vi"w I.f.isrd Wire
AMAR1LLO. Tex.. Oct. 2. Two air-
l.'planes, piloted by I.t. C. C. M'Nutt
land Lieutenant .McAUen, bound from
1 Kllingicn Field, at Houston. Tex., to
i Denver, passed through Amarillo this
iaftemon and were seen by thousands
j of people who had flocked to the city
'from the surrounding country. Accord-
ing to a telephone message re-ceived
' here from Dalhart. the plane piloted
1 by Lieutenant McAllen. fell while ris
! ing frrai r laniling field to continue
its flight and was badly damaged, bv.i
1 neither pilot nor his mechanic was in
ljured.
T''e ether pli-ne is expected to spend
the -night at Clayton. X. M. I ath
pianes arr.ed in this city without
jicfiiient from Quanah, where tliey
spent lr:sf .light.
Kefieshment s were served the avi
ators on th- lundirg field here bv
memb! rs of tiie lied Cross.
LI. A. n. I'ooth, of Call Field, Wichi
ta Knlls, who arrived heie yesterday to
participate in the lcial bond campaign,
"brmbe'l" f'o city with loan literature
i;i. tvc i:ier::i:ig. nra-l- a trip to Pan
handle, Tex., thirty miles northeast,
wl.trc J:e partiir:at'd in Carson coun
ty's cel. braiion in the afUrnoon. and
is back here toTiight. He leaves for
Wichita Palls tomorrow.
riocir.G ?l a Nr. ooS Down
iVy ': 1.. ,is.-,l v-
NKW YOKK. Oct. 2. The lirst
An-eri- an in :d Caproni boi.i'iing
plan ', equi) pea with Libeity n'of.rs.
wh:ch was to have li-f! Mireola to-nrirrov.-
on a t si flight t P ';.n, O..
via W'ashi:: ;:':!!, '.vas tlanie.-jd this
ai'ternoon a;,i: I t. Ciuiiarx. Parvis. an
It .l.:;n ace. ar.d i v o inei hai'.'cs b-d
iinrrow scai:" whr-n t!, machine
ca.iL'ht f're in mid-air.
Li'nten ii:t Pi.rvis nude a (i'.ii-k de
scent 10 Hazethiirs: field and the fire
".i s ex'inguish 'il. but not before thj
m icbine was so t.a'My djniaiii'd as to
necessitate a p.: u-or.emont of the tet
trip.
CFr. (f- ' . ...
ii"!'"' ; .:-4
,.y Shot V' ' J, J
t? ri
u kl'ii VA V
. : v J w , I i I !t ' . 0
1
mm rpnp wn i
uuumi uiiui li ill
SHOW UREASE
(Hv Review J.eiis.'i. Wilt)
..EW YOKK, Oct. 2 The bugar bet
crop of the United States for this year
shows an estimated increase cf o7S.021
, tons over that vt PUT. but the general
eodithm of the crop on August 1 was
below that of the ien year average, the
federal food board announced here to
day. The estimate for 191S is 6.3".9.Utti
tons, compared with 5,9S0.37a last
year. The crop condition as given by
the board's statement was Ss.6 where
as the ten year average is 91.
Coolrado. which supplied nearly orie
third of the nation's sugar beet crop
last year, is expec;ca to produce 1.4i",
000 short tens instead ot the l.i57,64'J
tons grown in PJ17. California, whero
27 per cent of the American supply
was grown last year, also shows a de
crease, the estimate being 1,041.000
t:ns against 1,231,54s. Michigan, how
ever, has nearly doubled its produc
tion with 9i2,000 tons while Utah and
Ohio both show big jumps to 1.035.000
and 320,000 respectively.
The total crop of eleven ether
states Idaho, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa,
Kansas, Minnesota. Montana. Nebras
ka, Washington. Wisconsin and Wyom
ing is estimated at !73,Oon tons., vir
tually the same as last year.
BRITISH REPORT
SHOWS HAIG IS
MOVING ON
J -Continued from Page Ona
1 ly cn a front cf live miias with eleven
divisions.
The only sector where cub. tcctial
prog re.? has been made is between
the Vtsle a.:ii the Aisne, where the c:i
emv has fallen buck to the li:;.j ot the
Aisne-Marne canal, north Rheims.
WAS SENSATIONAL RESCUE
LONDON, Oct. 3 Describing the
rescue cf a contingent of Americans,
who had been cut off for two days
from their comrades ia an advanced
position between Cambrai and oi.
Quentin. the Mail's correspondent at
Bruisn headquarters says it was cm
of the nust dramatic incidents of the
war.
The Americans rushed forward witU
too high courage on Sunday, the cor
respondent writes, atid became com
pletely and very deeply enortieJ.
There they remained until Tuesday,
when a" BrLiiih unit forced its way
across the canal and releas'd their,.
Th American stand and the relic
of tlKjT1 party probably will become in
cidents famous in the annals ot tnu
I w ar.
WILL BE RECOGNIZED
LOXDOX. Oct. 1. I'he allied ov-
I ernmeuts liave decided fotniaHy to
1 recognize the belligerent status of the
j Arab forcas fighting as auSilanis
; v ith the allies a p. a 91st the couituon cn
; fc.ny iu Palestine and Syria."
PERSHING MAKES
REPORT OF HIS
LATE CAPTURES
(Continued from Paee One)
men, who at the same time
took a I
,-1 .at amount of baoiy.
T11 I r in-; extjn.iOd farther east
where the Germans had Hooded the
1 .;! south of Ch-'lPraceos. I-;rj
.iit Ki'-i.e.; tro jps. acvincin:; wi'b the
sd:.ie iirtr-pliily t.i:ey huve hliow;
throughout this battle, took the ia.u
. j- ic.:x and taa raiiroad station at
Autry. C intieler; Autry, iie.rTh ot Hia
.r.:d , r.T; ) tell into the h ind:-, 01 thj
t-reni :, after sil'irp fi.;h .'i'-v
Th-' ti""iny hai bean ejected Iroj.i
St. Quentin-, which we completely oc
cupy. f hold l-aubo.ir IY I -la.
To the 6. nth we have advni...i ti
;taic art ."nd are ho di... -jy.
Xorth 01" the esle river ve cap
ture J Houcy. GuyeiK o.irt. ilnu
renx, ViU!it-rjan':i:'i!X em ; a in.;;
and carried e.tir lines to the border
so th ;f formiiy r.td Loivre.
C.nrcy. iiort'i of Hneinis, is in our
I.OC; S i lil.
iii ! 'i:a!iuia;ji. i"i tiie co:ir.e' ot the
afternoon we eased our position-! south
wesi of Orefiiit'l nad gain..! a 100.111;
cn trie heights st.uth of ."loniho s.
CiViLANS WANTED AS
OFFICERS IN FOUR
; (p.. Li Toy Davis of the K.r.-t caval-
ry, who rcc-nily was detailed to Camp
I Harry Jones, i) u; las. tn receive appli
cations fruiii civilians for the cavalry
'olficeis' training tch-xii v.l Leon
Springs, Teras. has just received
telegraphic instructions to not only
r -1 -; i v 1 a f 'j 1 i c : i ')'i s lor the cavalry
'o.fiei .s' si houl. but l ) a (. t appli
' i-ittiotic I'.:- Uv m.K'hine g;.n, artil
! 1 ry an l infaii'ry. us well 'i h -e ;,r
j ilers arc for a;i indefi'iit..' peril d, but
; may be cane 'lied at ary time.
( iviii.uis to be eligible m ist lie be-
tv een IS and ! ') on Sentenbt r 12. 1'J18,
i and not have been grant-d ilcfjrred
! classilic'-.tion on tin gr(u.: 1 ; of .ncln..
try or occupation. Must be citizens,
graduates ot hiib sc hool or eqa'vab nt
education, ot good in iral chaiacler a id
po s c s3 1-hy. :cal ouabf ca'cuu re-
iji.-e.l lor a c immission in the ofl'.c
; ers' rose: ve corps.
Applicants si'iiuhi pvnent thve-i ict
lers of r. cain:;ie:i(liiti.n' in to moral
! rh;;r:Tt". iron, t putabl per -Mi : m 1
lie i i I 1 by :( :il e : ,1 ;:. jn.it r.r, by i.ti
.''' pi y sii i-ins 011 form '''' A. () G.
I ( i'. - 1:1 ik po-.se:-sil'g I lie 1 1 - - cs.-a 1 .-
;: I il;ei'i',i.t jinrt v !k .lesi" 1.1 nn.be
npplb at inn f ir any o! !'.n-i- s nnols,
should ( nmiiinic iie as soon as pus
..ibl vi'h V- Le';,-v 1 1 1 v r .. l-'n st
! iv, lis.. . C :)! il irrv J;-e. Ii -.ii ;
1 -. -r. . il' ' r. ; ' 1 : .' n- r
mt :!:).!' ', ' ii ' ii ai'd i; :... - ..iiy
blank tm u s.
WHAT THE fl
Th.- celebrated Hindeiiburg line or
Siegfried line, barring the allies' roa j
I to Berlin, has been compared by the
Gorman leaders to the great wall 'A
! China. Vntil the British broke it in
jthe spring of li17 they believed it 1111
i pregnable to assault us was or.ee the
'Chinese Willi and regarded it r.s the
'eighth wonder of the world.
! The Hindeiiburg line as generally
jdeliued is anout sixty miivj long, rua
I ning in a general north and south di
i rection across the Picardy in France,
j Its northern extremity vas guarded
! by the heavily fortified baslin of
j Vimy Kidge and by the mining city of
j Lens whose underground corridors rnd
j chambers long have barred the I ri
'. tish. The southern end of the Hin-
detiburg line, proper, s v. the vicii.ity
! of La Pere or Laon. That end Is pro
tected in part by the fores! ot tit. Go
bain and the fortifications around
Laon. '
Between Vimy Ridge on the north
and La Fere cn the south the line
; passes west pf jCambrai and St. ijaen-
tin so as to protect those two im
portant indUotr.al iaid railway corners
I which are routes for bringing up sup
j plies for the German army.
I Somo war correspondents Inscribe
the German line as continuing south
eastward from La Fere to the Aisne
river and Rheims following the line
cf the Cheniln I.Vs Dames. They call
that part ot the line southeast of La
Fere the Alberich line. This wouid
add aoout furty-tive miles, making a
1 tot; 1 lenpth ot more than 100 iniljs.
Generally, however, the Hindo-naur-;
j line has been, described as running
I only from Vinsy Kidge to La Fere.
I Fearing thai, the northern end of the
jline might be turned the Germans es-
taunsnea a nwitcn line connecting
with the HinJenburs line at vjueaut
and running north about twenty-live
nii'os to Drocpurt. They called this
switch the Wetan line.
' The northern end of the Hindeiiburg
I line and the iWctan line Doth have
I boon broken more than once by the
i British armies and both aco now in
(possession of the British aimies. Long
I ago the Germans lost Vimy Ridge and
hav faiied to retake it.
j The Hindenbarg line is a Irene h
j but a system of field fortifications. In
; places it is sajJ to be ten milea deep,
j consisting Hot only of the trench sys
I tern but of: multiple lines of barbed
I wire entangleputs. concrete positions
i fcr artiliery, deep'jlugouts capable cf
housing a battalion of troops, numer
ADMITS SOU
II ADVANCE!
( ' y li-vic-w !,. . so.l Wire)
1'KltLiX. (via Lcnoon) Oct. 2. The
text of today's German official state
ment reads: '
"In Flanders, on both sides cf Cam
brai and the Champagne we warded
eff violent enemy atacks. In quiet
sectors of the front near St. Quentin.!
northwest of Rheims and west of the!
Argonne we withdrew parts of ourl
salient lines to positions in the rear.
".nh of Staden (Belgium) ward
ing off enemy attacks we capiured
about 100 prisoners. The enemy at
tacked on both sides of the road lead
ing from Ypres to Routers and Menin
.1 id obtained a footing in Ledeghem.
We enpturej the eastern part of the
place by a counter attack.
"Kneir.y partial atacks south of La
Da-see v eie repulsed.
"The fifth day of the battle of Cam-:
bri ai-p.in ended in complete failure
for the enemy. Xorth of Sancourt
our troops beat back assaults of the
enemy which he renewed seven times.'
"Further south the enemy pressed
for., ard temporarily beyond Aban
eoart, Ilantigny and south of B'.ecourr
towards Curillers. Our counter at
tack threw the enemy back beyond
Abaiiecurt, Ilantigny and South or
HI; court toward Cuvillers. Our count-;
or attack threw the enemy back be
yond Abancourt and Ilantigny and
s ivo I the brave Wurttemberg defend
ers of Liecogirl from being surround
ed !' tiie enemy. i
"At Cambrai and south of it in-'
emy assaults broke down. Runiilly
re ni a' tied in the hands of the enemy.,
I'etueon Iecalelet and the Oise our,
ir.,;t si:ice the nif'it before last has
ran east cf St. Qcentin a.ul Hirihcr.i
oourt on the river Oise.
"In the course of the day enemy at-1
tac;s developed against the sector of
Ksiues. Joncoiirt and Lesdines. The
enemy penetrate our lines on both;
sides of Seimehart but a counter at
laek threw him back again.
"St. (Jueiitin, in which only rceon
noilering detchmi'iits were sta'ioiied,
yesterday has been occupied by the en-'
em;.'. ;
"There have been outpost engage-?tii-;t
-i in the region between ti e Ail t
le aod i -e Aisne rivers.
"Xorth '.''st of kiieims w wiihiirew
tri-ops from the river Vcslo to posi
tions in the r ar. The enemy followed
with weak detachments iu the even
ing a:d occupied tlu- line ;f Ventelay
and Villi rs-I-'raiuueiux.
"I:i the Champagne the French re
Mirni d their united attacks. In the,
lo-e:io,on these a .-aultj wore directed
against the front from St. Marie-A-I'y
fc Monthols rYnd In the courie ef t'e
day acairst the line between Somme
I'y a:-d the Avn. The attacks broke
i!i)'. l.n vl bri-aoiies were clear again
for th most part by counter attacks.
"The new position taken up the
let. no last on both sides of the
liv.r Aisne runs from Munthois, be
yn.'.il C alb range, in the Hois l' An
id the north of itinarville '.
:'.:'.;. :i rus the forest of Argonne
tn Apremont.
' irr I guards nei-;l li'iies re-
i:'.. :! iciuy attacks belnre the :ncs.
In lei a! r.nd.i !.''r. w tiie Am. rii 11:1s
lab i.i'd (il' of t!'o !'..i!s I'es Ortnii'i
and .i.i j.i cent lir.ei.
Yi'otciil; y we slu t eaivuy.
ail plains and three captive balloons"!
BURG
IE REALLY IS
ous pill boxes lor machine guns and.
In fact, every device the Germans have
been able to assemble to block the way
to Germany.
Near Bullecourt was a formidable
underground fortification known as
the "Tunnel Trench" which the Ger
mans believed to be impregnable.
This tunnel connctiiiK the trenches
was more than a utile long and was
mined for its whole length, lighted
with electricity and had entrances at
short intervals. It was reinforced by
concrete pill-boxes and support
trenches. The British captured it in
November, 1917.
Below Graincourt the British troops
found great catacombs along the Hin
deiiburg line. These were elaborate
ly fitted up as battalion headquarieia,
electrically lighted and protected by
concrete trencnes. In ironi of Cain
brai, the villages, behind the line and
beneath them great chambers which it
would be a siander to call dugouts.
They were more like, hotels, fitted
with electricity, water, sewers, drying
rooms and kitchens. They were shell
proof and bomb proof. The trenchi s
there were built aiong the bank of
the canal Du Nord which runs north
and south near Havrincourt.
Important German strong-holds pro
tect the southern Section 01" the l.n
near La Fere. The forest of St. Go
tain presents an almost insuperable
obstacmle In attacking this end of the
line.
Laon, lying within the "Big Corner
where the line turns eastward along
the Chemiu Dos Dames is regarded a3
the key stone ot the whole Ci-rmsn
system. Hundreds of German eattor
ies were installed in tiie screened ra
vines around that city and in the for
ests cf St. Gobain.
Southwest of Laon the town wa
protected by Massif of Mepamptuil be
niiid whose crest are huso under
ground ravines and shelters some bio
enough to hold a w hale regiment The
forest west of Laon vas crannied
with a vjst store cf muniii.nia anc
materials. Divisions cf trocps could
concentrate in it unseen.
Recently the. Germans discoverer!
that ths bis dugouts along the Hir.den
burg line were nothing but tlsath
traps An cnlcr by tho German di
visional commander forbade trie Her
niaii troops to occupy dugouts which
descend mo; e than eight steps under
ground. Behind the Hinderbiirg line the Ger
mans are credited with thrco either
lines of defenses.
I
fimm mm
mm bill
V.Mr.-'RiWCTOX. Oct. 2 The senate
!i.:;'B- eomvr.!Hee, which U- revising
ti:0 W ise drr.f!? of the war revenue
til?, today considered a series of
amendments by Senator Gore of Ok
lahoma, designed to stimulate oil pro
duction. One amendment tentatively
adopted provides for reasonable al
lowances for depletion and deprecia
tion of Improvements of mines, oil and
gas wells, other natural deposits and
timber. Instead of basing depletion
on the regular flow of oil wells, as
piovie'id in the b'il, the senate amend
ment would make allowances avoid
ing to peculiar conditions of each case
:: c: mputing income taxes and als
provides that fair market value and
net the cost shail be considereJ ii
' onneciioii wih property acquired
prior to March 1. 191:!.
Another amendment proposed by
.-' nor Core, but not yet adapted,
would make allowance for capital in
..s;ed 111 d'veiTiiing oil properties
which prove unsuc. ; essful.
DIES Or HEART FAILURE
A Lti rci u f ;u r k, x. m , tu t.
Harry S. Clancy, former assistant at
orney general of Xew Mexico, C,
"!idd"nly on beard a Santa Fe train
at t'" station here this morning. Ie
cedent was on hi:, way home to Santa
Fp from Kl I'aso, Tex., when he was
seized with a heart aMack and died
' el' re medical aid could reach him.
Mr. Clsiiey was born i". Xew York
and loeaied l ire in lSili. He was 37
yi ars old. He is a brother of former
H irney O: r.f.-al I rmk V. Clancy
Other survivir.g relatives are four so:.-..
Frank .. of Rochester. X. Y.; Al
'ert nrd Henry Yinecrt of Santa i e
ar.d Milli tt, at Camp i'ike. Ark., and
o:;e daughter. Mre Ardilla Itcers, 1U
l.:;; in .Massachusetts.
ARREST AMERICANS
il'v i:--i, w l.'-.is.il y' it-.-1
A.WSTF.KhAM. Oct. 2. - At conlir.g to
1: dispatch to ihe i! rli:i I.nkal An .oi
gtr trom Moscow, the Ifvestia. tha I'.ol
hseviki org'in. annour.c-s he arrest of
a r.u.nhiT of petsniu, accused i f spy
ing on b luilf of Dew it t c. I'.-i.le. (!
former American consul general at
Miivi ch, 1 hose 11 1 1 .--t."i, : aya th '
dispaioh. ''ul'nle Kelinniia'inf:'.
v.ho is ..aid to be a i:aturai:?ed Al"r
i. an eit;v::"i. and chief of the American
espiimace agency in Russia.
This d. snatch adds that u laro
c i?.:uity of ducuinents were seized.
DECLINES POSITION.
''jj'IMilM. Oct. 2 Vice Chm-
f to,- O'l I'ayor has defi.litriy ie-
iT'ii t e cVaaoelhi-.-ship, nccordiag
t tl'.e I'.eilin newspapers.
SIXTEEN TO ONE.
A.MSTKKDAM. Oct. L' -On the Iii M
day (1f the o ilbreak of cholera i'l liT
1 n. :i-;ord :ic t i roper; r"o Ived her.',
h ! e;.- i7 (.-.-.. ;;i .fell nt til'""
p i vi 1 I. :()!.
THERE'S NOTHING DOING.
AiUTIil.'l) M. (! 2. i'zci lio -SI..
t 2.- I zci 'in -.In
m: 1 , i'i ' - I -ci
lo i nter mi A ii i-
cilir niailn to tliciu
t'ian coiiliiioa i ibim t, acconliiK to a
'"i"! . (1 i r h j i ol.'d in the KraiiU
toit Gazette.
-PAY
OUR line of Fruits and
Vegetables are al
ways FRESH and reason
ably priced. Investigate
and SAVE MONEY !
J. Be ANGIUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
! Plione 29
!v U. S. Fcoa Administration Licers; No. G-16109
- - ' Li-. 1.... i.--.' - --w,v.' g.-.-Ilia II I I
I
BISEEE CITIZENS
ARE VINDICATED
DY ADMINISTRATOR
INVEGTiGATiON OF ALLEGED
SUGAH ViOLATICViS IS MADE
EY FCOD AUTMCrtlTIES AND
"explanation is made
FI.ACTArr, Ariz.. Oct. 2 Com
rlctc vind:ca"T.m of If. H - fliUon, Wil
liam Hubey, John Gelii;:rt and five
ether res. fronts o i'..3bee aud vicinity,
charged with indiviJuul sugar hoard
ing, is the result of a recent hearing
held before Uo'iert Rae. looj admin
istrator for C'ichi-.e county, tiie lind
nts ef which were approved today
by Tinu.thy A. Kiurdan. federal 1'ood
iid.T.tristrator for Arizona.
In an investigation of eight alleged
sugar repeater eases in HisDee ar.d
Lcw.d, government iasrtectors ascer
tained that t'r.ese persons had obtained
ihcir supplier's of table sugar from a
oral .jyncc-rn, cud then purchased
sfgar fur canniiut frt-ui a Chnago mail
order house. Th.s a;, parent sub crio-c
was explained to the Fatii'actiun of
oiticiii .-; by tiio stateraerit that pur
chases from the outside had been
luaae Locai.se of the represenutioa
that th-. sug ar a. ci u liner uns-le
and better adapted to cHninng nar
siunos. In each case proof was given
that the sugar h: d be;u purenaseu un
der an application lor permit.
The fin lings cf the food administra
tor state. It would appear from the
abo.e that taere was no intention by
uny oce of ti e individuals to violate
the leg'.l.itioiis the i.'riiied Stat "-,
i.oxl ailmir.isirr tioo. They all had
bc -a i 1 tkt- !'..-b.t of dci.ig their bu-d-ft
,s thrnuch mail order houses, and
iiia;jiieh as t! ey all signed impli
cations, this would seem to substan
tiate the claim that they had -.10 In
tel:;. 0.1 f vi, dating reguia1 ions.
"However, it does appear that they
carried sucar in their houses for ::
onsiderable tin.'1, tut the mere fact
that they did not u.-e it for other pur
poses taan that r w'aiib they pur
chased it, seems to be cbarly deir.' n
. trated by that tact."
Conin oaf i;g on these cases the ted
?. fc::d aniini itrator' said: ' "It U
gratify ii g to nine that the ir, parties
.ver ail - a'i'ied to siU'i.- wi.uh th-'y
purchased from the Chicago ina-l or
der house, together with that '' h:c 1
they purchased from the iUsh.'e m.T
t until" loi.c.ro. aithongh there were
cert'uti fa-t. an I 1 :ret:u..-.:ancrs in cm
re M -a: wit'.i the c; which naturally
aroused suspicion Mid therefore jus
tiriod :!:e Im est:g:.t ton Lhat h.is jtlat
been completed."
REVIEW WANT ACS
BHi G RE3ULT3
Here
-s
.3
iii) 1
The Drinl: !nn. ei::e
HiA O. pure, ccr .!, aoa-. .; 'i -j beverage filU
' the need fcr a non-ir.toxicatiny r.k. I. -;Menchcs thirst,
f nixies fati;;uc r.nd puts vim :. '.y wt.'; and pleasure.
1 i;RA'0 is a cJrinlc fcr cvctybcc .
.
P
In Bottles and
Ij
; J
A
t
UXTON-SMITH COMPANY
1)
L.CC
cal Distributers
V
LESS!
VAST TRAP IS CLOS
ING ON BOCHE
FORCE IN FLANDERS
(Continued from Pae Oc
three sides by the French, and the
swift d elepment of an attacking line
along the flank of the withdrawal
seems imminent.
Already the Germans have given up
the high ground just northwest of
K e nn that hts been their center of
resistance on fhat front. The French
1 ow far." them for some distance along
the Rheims-Laon road with open
crcti'id at the Germans' bark. Incl-d-ntal'.y
another pocket is developing
;itst cast of Rheims that thj enemy
c -n-tot disregard and extension of the
withdrawal to this sector appears a
logical process.
It will cause Htt'e surprise here if
a w'.iolly r.ew assault developed within
;he next day or two with the French
ptri:;inT .lirectly rorthward from
T. h.ei'i rttid t'le lines east of that place
ti a junction with th advancing
rench army wet of the Argonne. The
ope.i ground through which the Gr
niaa retirement must carry them looks
attnotivo to many observers as the
-1-pr.p -f r s(:ble cpfii warfare witti
the odds all on Marshal FocM,siije.
Ttie situation on the Helejim coast
l.:ir::s up a Jain the old suciestion of
fl.ink attack by .'a. Thr was
sonic s;e:-ii atian tonight as tQ wheth
er it might not prove possible t'i force
a 'a-ydicr ai-d a-s,iult the enemy in
the r ar as reports said the German
i- ac'ast batteries were being with
drawn. -4 U km mJ I
Urturnhhed House of 4
rocms or more. Give par
iicular?, as io conveni
erces and location. Ad
dress N. E. Greer, box 60S
o: care Review.
V
l
r -
H
6
2
Richard Glaze, Gph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nrv
O'swders.
Phoo 156 Otfico and residence
.'in; hcute west of Manonie Temple,
Main Street. Bisbee, Arizona.
.?s?'s fitted hy the latest methods.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PJ'ONK is. OK ST.
r Is
' A V
1
on Draught
I
(1'WAMTFhl THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1913.
THREE
Pt if if -s teiiSi Irn i
3uSiP jM
a : iimoTMiom
nanacun
MaAe militarism impotent - chain
barbarity into helplessness. BUY
LIBERTY BONDS and snap the
5 0J2 Fill
YOU CAN FIGHT WITH YOUR DOLLARS. You can deal a death
blow with your money. You can score a knockout with your purse,
onap em on.
BUYING A $50 BOND is only buying enough if it cramps you to buy
it. Buying a thousand dollar bond is buying too little if you can buy
more. "Snap 'em on."
BUY BUY BUY! BUY ALL YOU CAN more than you can
easily buy as much as you dare to spare. You've got to get behind
this thing with your might and main.
A LUKE-WARM ATTACK WONT WIN A TRENCH and a listless
Liberty Bond purchase won't be your full duty. Buy until you know
you're up to your limit.
THE INVESTMENT FEATURE OF THE LIBERTY LOAN is rc-
markable, of course. You get a high rate of return on the safest in
vestment in the world. And you're putting your dollars where they'll
do Democracy the most good.
NOW THEN, GET BUSY! BUY! Buy early and often. Buy as
much as you can as soon as you can. And buy more if you want to
hasten peace.
THIS PAGE IS CONTRIBUTED TO THE WINNING OF THE WAR BY THE UNDERSIGNED PATRIOTS:
Bisbee Lumber Co.
Gibson-Hines Lumber Co.
Cochise Lumber Co.
Henderson-Watkins Lumber Co.
I'l
it!
li!
!i!
! THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1918.
FOUR
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLKN A. CAIN.
Editor and General Manage'
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for re-puhlication of all news dispatches credited to
it or not otherwise credited to this paper and also the
local news published herein.
All rights of re publication of special dispatches 'iere
in are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
rVAl MONTH
THREE! MONTHS -
SIX MONTHS
TWELVE MONTHS
SI'XDAY (Our Weekly) rer year
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per quarter
.75
. 2.25
4.00
. 7.50
. 2.50
.75
No Subscription Taken For Less Than 75 Cents
Le Catelet Joncourt
.i i l
sever in tnis war nave we seen Keener
or braver soldiers or more intelligent, high
minded men than the two American divis
ions in the fighting north of St. Quentin."
Thus wrote the correspondent with the
British forces for his paper in London. And
he hasseen all of them. Seen the Scot in his
kilts go forward to the skirl of the pipes to
storm the very gates of hell. Seen the
Irish at Guillemont where no human force
could stay them. Seen the Canadians and
Australians perform prodigies of valor and
score dashing triumph after triumph. Seen
the Poilu through four years of glory. Seen
the famous guards regiments of England
and her Devonshire and Yorkshires and
Lancashires; seen the Londoners and the
Welch and the men of Hampshire who
fought on and on after they were beaten
and took the trenches and who held posi
tions to the last living man. Yes, this vet
eran correspondent had seen them all. Seen
the bravest of the brave. And, after the
three days' battle of Catelet and Joncourt,
he was moved to speak as quoted above
of the Americans. Brigaded with the dash
ing and wonderful' Australians, the U. S.
troops were veritably on the same leash
with the very dogs of war. We had won
some small glory in France already this
year. In the little bickering on the Marne
we had a part. We smelled powder. under
Mangin on the Ailette, and that scuffle be
tween the Argonne and the Meuse is still
a lively affair and all our own with a horde
of husky Prussians barring the way. But
to have had the honor to fight with the
Australians between Cambrai and St.
Quentin. ah, that is to pluck the rose of
fire from the very breast of Glory herself,
robed in a dazzling flame that will never
dim before any light less bright than the
Final Dawn!
The Belgians
Do not overlook the Belgians. They have
thrust forward ten miles into the heart of
the Prussian lines that protect that triangle
of Lille, Menin and Roulers, forming the
most populous and richest section of Flan
ders and comprising an anchor of the entire,
northern line and the Belgian sea base3 as
well. Consider, the British fought last sum
mer and fall for three months for the Pas
schendaele ridges, trying to reach Roulers,
and here the gallant little Belgian army,
aided by General Plumer's British forces,
has, in three days passed the terrible Pas
schendaele ridges and reached Roulers it
self. Thousands of prisoners have been
taken and hundreds of guns, most of the
latter pieces of large calibre. This is one
of the striking triumphs of the war. It is
made possible, of course, by the desperate
straits of the German at Cambrai and Laon
and in the Champagne where he has massed
liis entire reserves. But nevertheless he
has many thousands of good troops in
Flanders where he must protect vital spots.
This Belgian-British drive promises the, cap
ture of the submarine bases in Belgium and
the evacuation of Lille, Menin, Robaiux
and Lens and the recovery at once of no
small part of Belgium. Onlyfcby terrible
sacrifices and the most desperate fighting
can the Hun save his lines here in the face
cf the present menace of the B.-B. spear
head. And how must those Belgian soldiers
feel, after fcur years of exile, oppression
end wrong, to bo able to repay their hor
rible foes with shot and steel and death and
defeat! Verily, thebe are the days of the
Belgian and the Serb. Nothing could daunt
them. Fighting still like David's mighty
men of valor, after four years in the black
shadow. . Brave hearts like these can never
' fail of their rewaid. Lo, far have they wan
dered in the night time but now they re
turn to their heme and little ones at the
dawn.
COUNTY ADMINISTRATION
ENDORSED
(Douglas International.)
One of the pleasing paragraphs in the
democratic platform adopted in this city
yesterday was the one which endorsed the
county administration during the past two
years. It was a deserved compliment paid
to honest and efficient public officials.
The public business of the county has
been well managed; official duties have
been performed so promptly and efficiently
as to win the party applause.
The great burden of county government
is always on the board of supervisors and
we think the members of the present board
are due the party praise for the able man
ner in which they have handled the road
work of the county. A vast amount has
been accomplished in the matter of road im
provement in every section of the county.
A system of more permanent road improve
ment has been inaugurated which we hope
to see carried forward without any hesi
tation on the part of the incoming board.
Vance' Johnson, John Rock and J. M.
Sparks have served their county well and
they are. entitled to the endorsement given
them in the democratic platform.
GENERAL WOOD IS NEEDED
(From the Pittsburg Chronicle-Teleg raph.)
. The command of the Siberian expedi
tion calls for not merely military skill and
experience. It demands administrative
qualities of the highest caliber, consummate
tact' and the capacity to take a broad, com
prehensive, statesmanlike view of things.
The commander will be confronted by
many delicate and perplexing problems. He
will have to consider not only military ad
vantages to be gained, but how best to aid
our new partners without stirring up fresh
animosities. He will be a diplomat as well
as a soldier.
For such a position General Wood is con
spicuously fitted by training and experience
and natural trend of mind. As military
governor of Cuba and of Moro Province
in the Philippines he achieved a notable
record as a wise, firm administrator. There
is no question as to the discretion and abil
ity which he would bring to such a posi
tion as the command of the American mili
tary force in Siberia.
Why has General Wood been "passed
up" again? What is this wonderful mis
sion for which the administration i3 reserv
ing his talents? The admiration and re
spect of the American people for General
Wood are as strong as ever, and it does
not seem that the administration can much
longer ignore the, force of public opinion.
Never since the world cooled from mol
ten mass has there been such terror, chaos,
upheaval and destruction in one given spot
as that cf the past three days and nights in
the fifteen mile sector between Cambrai
and St. Quentin. The hardest, most bit
ter and ferocious fighting of all the great
war has taken place there, and in this strug
gle the Americans, nearly one hundred
thousand strong, have taken a glorious part.
The flower of the modern world's man
hood was matched here and the stake was
death. British force, French dash , and
American courage beat invincibly against
impregnable positions held by German dog
ged resolution that bordered upon despair.
It would be. silly to deny to the German
trocps in this sector their just dues, and it
would detract from the allies' exploit and
heroism. Many Prussian regiments fought
to the last man. Their cause can be ques
tioned but not their courage. But the final
result was inevitable. Ever on press the al
lies and back reel the cruel invaders, apply
ing the torch and the high explosive as they
go. And there is yet stern and mighty work
rthead for the allied fighting men to do.
Bulgaria has agreed to demobilize her
own armies, but what is she going to do
about the German troops in arms and with
in her borders? There are many thousands
of them and they have serious designs upon
Bulgar citadels and rail communications.
Here is a problem that demands immediate
solution.
That Berlin official statement "repuLed
them" again Tuesday on the Cambrai and
Argonne fronts, but no mention was made
of St. Quentin. It may be a month yet be
fore the German people will be notified of
the fall of that famous stronghold.
ASHURST TRIES
AN ANALYSIS OF
THE PRESIDENT
SAYS WILSON NOT EASY TO SIZE
UP; MOST SUCCESSFUL OF ALL
DIPLOMATS
PHOENIX, Ariz., Oct. 2 Senator
Ashurst has attempted an aualysis of
President Wilson In a letter to a po
litical associate in Arizona. That ho
thinks well of the president is indi
cated by the following excerpt from
the letter:
"The president is not an easy man
to 'size up." and he has confounded
many shrewd diplomats and oblique
politicians (who always assume the
ether fellow has cards, up his sleeve)
by simply dealing in a direct way with
them. By dealing direct his very can
dor has made him the most successful
of all the diplomats. Until I saw his
carter I did not believe it possible'
for any man to reach such a peak of
eminence an. then sustain himself so
easily amidst dizzying heights to
which his talents and world events
have projected him.
"He is exposed to obsequious adula
tions, yet has escaped the "big head;'
Ue is bold, yet wary and cautious. He
has been subjected to manifold em
barrassments and many false lights
are daily set-out to lure him. Then
again he must work with such mate
rial es he can find and some of the
materials in both houses of congress
are weak sticks and spavined steeds.
Although he has not as yet been sub
jected to the hideous abuse that was
heaped upon Lincoln, it is tragical to
know that so many obstacles and
thorns have been placed in his patn
by politicians seeking partisan advan
tages. "He possesses Washington's dis
criminating judgment of men, a Jack
sonian iron will, and he can grasp sit
uations and psychologies with more
than a Hooseveltian rapidity. His
speeches ring in every city of the
Lworld and in the remote foreign ham-
trts and villages the peasants repeat
and believe his words.
"He is the greatest moral force of
modern times; even of all times, so
tar as profane history is concerned.
Whether or not he ts a child of desti
ry it is useless to. inquire. Whether
the legerdemain of fate has directed
his course and career and he has
moved as fate's commanding finger
decreed and bade him move, or wheth
tr he clearly foresaw all that was,
all that is. and all that is to be, can
rot at tiiis time be. more than a wild
conjecture.
"According to my "site up' of the
iran the things which make him the
colossal figure that he is are his ab
solute fearlessness, his power to in
terpret facts and find out what they
mean and his hatred of tyranny. If
he Jid not possess the power to in
terpret facts and know what caused
them and what in turn they would
cause, he would not be able to detect
the ciear call of duty amidst such a
bedlam of strident voices as are now"
lilling the sky."
STATE TICKET IS
ENDORSED BY
THEJEMOCRATS
PARTY WILL TAKE DECIDED AC
TION IN REVISING PRESENT
PRIMARY ELECTION LAW
PLACE CANDIDATE FOR TAX
COMMISSIONER
It'is a mistake to say Krupp's furnishes
guns only to the central powers. Some
thing like three thousand of them have been
delivered over to the entente allies during
the year 1918.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Oct. 2 Resolu
tions endorsing the entire state ticket,
including Fred Culter for governrr.
and calling upon all county commit
tees to inaugurate a fight against the
present primary laws, were adopted by
the state democratic committee at fts
final meeting at Patrick's hall.
A resolution naming James J. Kerby,
present county assessor of Greenlee
county, as democra'tic candidate for
the state tax commission was unani
mously adopted, together with a reso
lution expressing gratitude and appre
ciation to the Arizona press whic h has
so loyally supported the party.
Action Practically Unanimous
Endorsement of the state tic ket was
practically unanimous, all of which
was widely divergent from expecta
tions. It had been rumored that a
storm would break inthe committee
when the matter of endorsing Fred
Colter, as democratic nominee ior gov
ernor was introduced Decause oi mo
question m ins eiiKiuiiuy iu s-i
the event of his election. But the mat
ter seemed to have been, carefully iron
ed out and there were only muffled
muttoii:ig.i when the resolution was
reat.'
Democrats cf the state hava decided
to wage war on the present primary
election lws. Experience, ih.v hay,
ha taught them that the present sys-
item has many, many faults s. me of
which are so nefarious that non-party
politicians have; been able to cause t.u
little amount of tlis.seiiKioM in detuo-
! cratic ranks.
j "Leakage" Self-Evident
This leakage" was self-evident in
the most recent election, it was de
clared. Hundreds of memiieis nt tue
republictn parly registered as demo
! cuts lor the primary for no other pur-
pjso than attempting to cast e vil de
jsiyris on the party, it Is claimed,
j lri the resolution adopted all county
i c( inmittee-i arc urged to include in
their platforms, piovisions for amend
lu.jils to primary election laws. Pro
posed amendments to tin- said laws
would make it impossible for a repub
lican t j register vs a democrat ami
vice versa.
About Tax Commissioner
in iia.nitu a candidate lor ihe .sl.ite
ta couimisisou. the patty evidently
THERE IS NO ESCAPE THAT WAY, WILIIELM!
lurch." When state tickets were be-; who wants $25,000 from the Old Dom- make the old military post the third
ing named for the primary election, ' inion company for damage to his ar.kle largest tuberculosis sanitarium in the
action was started by Andrew Bail-j from a falling rock, an Injury dis- United States. It is understood that
inert, secretary of the Arizona repub-; covered when lie was rejected for serv- the work of enlarging the barracks
lican' committee, to prevent Secretary '. ice at a military cantonment. The will start within the next two or three
of State Sidney P. Oshorn from includ- j heirs cf John P. Harrington, killed by weeks and that the war department
ing the names of any candidates for i an exntosirn in the Iron Cap Mine,.1 will send from 600 to 1000 workmen
that office on the state ticket. The want ?'!5,000 damages. ' to Prescott for that purpose. The
matter was already in court and a j ' workmen are to be quartered in large
decision handed down by Jujge Ly-! Mesa Mega has completed her first temporary frame buildings. Only fire
man of Maricopa county was in accord I block of paving and has celebrated it . proof constructicn. of steel, concrete,
with the view of the republican state i by a great Red Cross dance on the tile and stucco, will be used in the hoa
committeci that there would WA be a) smooth surface. It was no small dance pital buildings.
vacancy on the tax commisiscn next j floor for Mesa is laid out on the plan I .
year. j of Salt Lake1, and a block street is 120; Jerome: Charged with making re-
Mr. Kerby Named .feet wide ana b-iu tect long, four, marks wnicn were wen, impoiii
The case has since been appealed to such blocks are being paved at a ; about the government of the L'nited
the supreme court, w here a ruling is , cost of $10U,000. covering most of the States and the wives of the men in
expected within a comapratively short j city's business frontaee. the service, Domminick Crone, subject
lima. Rather than forego the possi- jot the king of Italy and by occupation
bilities of the decision of the lower Ncgale-s Becquer, Elorduy and a rent car driver, is being held by the
court being reversed and not having Moreno of Nogales, Sonora. havej federal authorities at Prescott. The
a candidate in the field for said office,! formed a $50,000 corporation that will allegations made to Deputy U. S. Mar-
the state committee, this morning j enter upon the growing of hennequin 6hal Harry Carlson, which resulted in
in the Alamos district of Sonora. The' Crone's arrest, are that the Italian said
named Kerby as its candidate.
About the State
supply of this cordage and twine ma
terial now comes mainly from Yuca
tan. It is claimed that Sonora fiber test-
j ed shows much greater average
Miami While trying to ca;ch strength than that from southern Mex
chick:n for the proprietor of his hoard- jco an(j that the product will be worth
ins "Oust, Auc.iiste Marce'tt of Miami: materially more on the market.
f-.i dead heart diseas-: lie was
a native of France, 55 ye:s cid. j Tucson W. P. Sapehart. formerly
1 ; assistant cashier of the Tucson Na-
Tucson W. Henchcliffe was yester- tinal bank, who returned to Tucson
day appointed administrator "with will recently, after his failure to qualify,
annexed" of the estate of Eugane S. physically, for Y. M. C. A. war work
Ives, deceased, vice Mrs. Eugene S.: in tbe field, will establl-h a bank at
Ives, who resigned and recommended Patagonia. He has just returned from
the appointment of Hinchclilfe. The tnat place, where he interested a num-
admlnistratcr's bond was fixed at; f,or 0f pre minent citizens in the bank,lCnme is suppoed to have been com
$50,000. to the extent of fifty per cent of thelmjtted. He had with him $100, a new
clock. He is now purchasing fixture? I saddle and several articles of clothing.
Thoenix Miss Loui.-.e Cleveland, for the bank. I Alfred worked on the Clemmons
former assistant attorney general of Capehart went to Camp Logan, at 'ranch, according to Florence advices
Arizona and a well known member of Houston for training for Y. M. C. A. ai,i disappeared several days before
the Aruona bar association, is now worif but could not meet the physical his body was found in a canal. He
employed as an attorney in the legal reTtiirements and recently returned to; was accredited with being a man who.
division of the internal revenue de-xUCSOn. lived economically and saved his mon-
partment at Washington, D. C, accord-, . ev an,i carried large sums with him.
ing to a letter received by a Phoenix Phoenix Fall term of the federal (farcia. the Pinal authorities say, i
friend today. I court will open in Phoenix October 7. the last man seen with alfred.
he would not go to war, but would
stay right here and have a good time
with the wives and widows of soldiers
and sailors. He is also alleged to
have said "to hell with the govern
ment regulations." referring to the
Crowder "work or fight' 'order.
Florence Louis Garcia, charged
with the murder of Lafe Alfred, form
erly of ?.esa, whose body was found
in a canal near Florence on Saturday,
l as confessed to Pinal county author
ities, according to an unverified re
port raching Phoenix last night.
Garcia was arrested at Mammoth,
about seventy miles from where the
it which time the f deral grand jury I
Tucson Manager Mitchel Curley of' wjil be convened under the supervis
ee New Cornleia Copper company of iOH cf Jude Sawte'.le. The grand ;
Ajo has applied to the district board jury will be ready to hear ca.'es a
for the exemption of i0 of tue S40. wte'k later.
Phoenix A conference of cotton
growers, cattle feeders and oil mill
operators has come to an agreement
concerning the prices of mill feed
men employed by his company. The Aside from sev rul esii;:ia;e raes, )rrju,.t3 tl is declared that tha set
worn ci me iu is siaieu as iccunn i geme oi wnicn were new over irmu
and necessary to carry on the preci-j iast term, there will be little of ira-
pilation plant wnercironi now i com-: portance to claim tlie attention or iae y n made ti the food administration
ing a pure copper prouact o! -i.imiu.i'"". court. More tlian a dozen prisoners n,.,, new ratts be set not to exceed
government price of $5"-$70 for cotton
seed Is too large and suggestion has
pounds a month.
Globe A novel damage suit in the
federal court is that cf S. A. Greer,
AT CENTRAL TODAY
are lc!cl here pending the openinc i $.;:.$,; a ton. As hulls are in little
the court, at which time their several: 1ral demiiil for feeding, it is asked
rases will be heard.
that tht y be rated at $10 instead of
$20.
It was agreed that the millmen
would have to accept the government
rrire fcr i i! of $1.31 1-4 per gallon in
El Paso or Los Angeles, paying their
own freight. It is told that still in
he warehouses is last year's output
Phoenix T. L. Morris. Arizona's
delegate trr.m Arizona to the National
Goat Raisers' association, has returned
Bessie Earrisca'.e will appear at t'' bringing word that after the war in
Central theater today i;i the big Par- a,,s,,j,,H t.nATa ;,t W.-isliinsrton has lis
alta play. ".Madame Who." the secret , ,,10(, fo ,,,,, arguments of the produc
servi.e .lassie, written hy Harold . .mc- pr, of mollair tht ,,rce which had cf ..,n.ri0 the brushing, of the rot
iGrath and appeared in the Blue 4lock . ,,tu fixe,, f()r ,.,)mniofity was t(,sp,,J IIfi,,d ln the nianufacture 0f
.last year, the lc.eiue ol the story is notu, awav wi(h an(, tne market left e-vpiojyo,
, laid in the south, during t'.e period of; rp, f(r he (U..llt.rs t seU at the Th eil-cake meal, mainlv consumed
, the e nil war. market price
, "Jtaiine lleaiti'ort." tae girl, piayed ,
bv Hossie nit! riscaie, maicues whs
v itiiin this valley for cattle fatten
ing, !i. rated at the conference as
with the most shrewd i.i !!!! authorized the expemhture of L9"0.-.f basis. This also was a material
,.s,, ret agents ot the cue n.. .mi. it (h)1 h rr,,,.tlon , ,hirtvme reduction from the price that has been
ing to capture t hoin, she. ''If buildings at Fort Whipple. This will set for this section.
1 captured l y ri 'U-n m.ifkeu men ami.: . '
; to save In r life, is compelled to marry
one oi them. The . remony Is p r-
fornied by their lead, r w ho U a clergy-j
man. She notice.-, a peculiar tattoo,
! mark n the wrist of the masked man'
to whom she is being married. With(
'this mark as a clue, she logins ai
search for her unknown husband, but!
;the mysterious sin hinders her more
j than it helps ami leads her into an i
entaiK'.lemert of i.alflin- my.-tcry and
intrigue wliwM is oni H.ine.i aner -m
ries . f hair raising adv.ntuies which
ultimifclely lumps her together with
the man she really loves
i "Cit-h and Cany'' s.ixii gs ".'lai tl.l-
has no desire of being "left iu the inteitot on a sate investment
Count Leo Tolstoy, in His
Day, Wore a Coarse Frock
and went about bare-footed, h made
him hardy then, but 'twould make
him foolhardy now for innumerable
body comforts are inexpensively ob
tainable through an Ad in The Re
view Classified Columns! THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1918.
FIVE
U. S. Army and Marine
Casualty List Day by Day
The. Review Is in receipt ol casualty lists as they are issued by the j
war department to The Associated Press. Owing to a lack of space, it has i
been determined to publish only the complete list of those killed or missr
ing and a regional list of wounded, including Arizona,- New. Mexico and j
Texas.
KILLED IN ACTION,
bergeants.
I'eter Tiayeus, Shtto gan. Wis.
Waiter S. Uoudurd, Cleveland, O.
m. U. ilewut, souuieru I'ines.N.C.
Clmora Kennedy, Detroit. Alien.
oscar P. 1-ippe, .New ori..
Ueorge M. rteuae, New i ork.
jonu L. Koss, .New York.
UUiUie taieaoey, Duniuore, Pa.
Co1 porals
Frederick V. . iiuciianan, Atlantic
City, N. J.
i-niiip J. Cavan, Wilkesbarre, Pi.
Alouto Cuawortn, jlilwauitee, Vws.
AiDert Hintoa, Cleveland, U.
euas. H. Kteiey, PniiiT, 1'a.
itumenoia H. JScsuiit, iieavcr, Pa.
Vvm. l'eiersiize, L,uue i-eny, W. J.
Alien Keyno.us, uamubcus, o.
TOos. K. Kuse, r'lttsourj;, l'a.
:ewloa jxi. Hoy, bessemer, Ala.
Jao. . eDo, lula., fa.
bugier Cnas. ii. Francis, Chicago.
Altcuanic V m. Knotls, liidw'ell, O.
Meciianic Napoicoa iuoriu, iiiude
ford. Me.
Wagoners.
Patrick J. Geary, Westchester, Pa. "
Alex. Aiacbriae jr., isroo&iyu, iv V.
Horseonocr Heliner Artuur Aiicnei
son, Virginia, .imu.
t-rivates.
Irwin Albrecht, Waterloo, Wis.
Luigi AQUiliu, Leominster, Mass.
James AinisiroUf?, Waterwiel, is. V.
James Armstrong, Kocucsier, N. 1.
Wesley C. Karsjr, Y . iloiuerey. Pa.
Ailreu iti. Baita, Lawrence, M. X.
Chas. Biaselle, (. ousnonoekeu, Pa.
James lioiid, Deuuisou, 'i'ex.
Genn Butoi, lnaianaioii, lud.
Henry it. Cooper, J: raniioi;, Tex.
barney E. Croucu, Graynufie, Mo.
Tiionias Custer, tsteruport, aid.
Connie Lee Dodd, Meluon, Teifti.
Paul T. bllioti, piitsburg. Pa.
Juiin F. Klis, Centewiile, la.
Kosolino Favata, Buiialo, N. V.
Henry Perry Furtado, Fall liiver,
Mass.
luos. Guest, Pottstown, Pa.
Fred C. Guth, EvansvUle, Tenn.
Stanley Hermansoski.Hartioi J.Conu.
Clell Hiatt, East Peru, ia.
Byron A. Hickerson, Walker, Mo.
Arthur A. Hill, Oxford, N. V.
Jos. A. Hill, Downingtowu, Pa.
Aden Henry Ingham, Franklin, Pa.
John F. Ingram, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Earle C. Ireland, Attica, Ina.
James Claude" Jarboe, Bazette, Mo.
Aithur J. Jeffree, Gnton, Ia.
Alfred Lee Johnson,Jacksouvilie.Fla.
Arthur E. Jones, Winslow, Ark.
Edward Jones, Dover, O.
Snowdon Kessel. Kessel, W. Va.
Linds S. Kinney .Winston Salem,X.C.
Bernard Korte, Beckemeyer, 111.
DIED OF WOUNDS.
Privates.
Peter Dominic Giacoma, Milwaukee,
Wis.
Arthur D. Lossing, Sanford, Fla.
Floyd H. Mathis, Elkhart, Ia.
Otto Pusari, Ely, Minn.
Tonev Rose, Caszcnza, Italy.
D!tD FROM ACCIDENT AND OTH
ER CAUSES.
Rgt. Homer M. Brock, Knoxville,
Tenn.
Wagoner Owen M. Carroll, Cumber
land Co., Pa.
privates.
Alfred F. Black, Travers City, Mich.
WOUNDED SEVERELY.
Privates;
Fred E. Hoff, Wichita Falls, Tex.
0
it ,
0
y
0
Sleep Sweetly
Coffee, -tea and some other drinks
when -taken at the evening meal tend
to keep some people awake.
One cHP fche merii:s odF
y
0
y
0 .
n
is that it never affects nerves or heart;
In fact one can drink as much Postum
as he pleases just before bed
time arid no ill results follow, for
Postum is pure and absolutely
free from caffeine or any other
harmful drug or substance.
Postum comes in two forms;
Postum Cereal, which must be boiled,
and Instant Postum, made in the cup
in a moment. They are equally delicious
and the cost per cup is about the same.
0
11
0
ii
0
M
0
0.
'A
a-
Elbert Gilbert Lambath, Slaton, Tex.
l.enj. F. Loveless, Sulphur Springs,
Texas.
John E. Brvn, Cranfils Gap, Texas.
MISSING IN ACTION.
Privates.
Jno. H. Mailahn, Camden, N. J.
Calvin C. Mastin, Provo, Ky.
Tony Menducci, Dubois, Pa.
Jasper E. Shear, Brock, Ind. g
Thos. Stainsby, Pliila., Pa.
liusseU Starkey, ParkersburgiW.Va.
Frederick De W. Seifer, Harrisburg,
Pa.
Lytle Thompson, Eagle Grove, la.
Prisoners.
Lieut. James Clarence Graham,
Webbs, Ky.
Privates.
Wm. Aldridge, Derby, Pa.
Jack Jowers. Kinston, Ala.
Harvey Walker, Coffee Springs, Ala.
KILLED IN ACTION.
Sgt. Wm. S. Gannon, Phila., Pa.
Corporals.
Ralph O. Greer, Kockport, Mo.
Frank Grist, Hillsdale, Pa.
Seth J. Halper, Joliet, 111.
Max Hirshovitz, Boston, Mass.
John A. Holmes, Corapolis, pa.
Everet Hale Johnson, Blackwater,
Mo.
Privates.
Wm. F. Brorhy, Watorbury, Conn.
George Evans, Belt, Mont,
jcs. V. Favalaro, Glasport, Pa.
Warren V. Graves, Puila., Pa.
Walter E. Gude, Lacon, ill.
Thos. Lee Hensley, Humble, Tex.
Henry A. Phippin, St. Cloud, Wis.
Eudokni Shuluk, State of Horndno,
jfussia.
John Signrolla, Di Cosenza Amentea,
Ilaiy. f j
Clyde Ii. Kuntz, Big Run, fa.
Rudolph Agatou Larson, National i
Mine, Mich.
lonnie M. Lewis, Erin, Tenn.
Alexander Linrie, Lodi, CV-i.
Robert A. McPhail. Jonesboro, N.C.
James W. Madden, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Raymond Maloney, Phila., Pa.
Harry A. Maratos, New York.
Arthur Mayer, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Albert Mead. Baltimore, Md.
Chas. E. Menzke, Belleville, 111.
Albert H. Michael, Hudson, S. D.
Elmer E. Mikescll, Homer City, Pa.
Clarence Miller, Ehrard, Minn.
Felix A. Miller, Dundee, Tex.
Roger F. Minogue. New York.
John It. Moyer, Portage, Pa.
Raymond T. N'eedel, Chicago.
Ernest Nevitt, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Daniel M. OJConnell, Rockaway
Beach, X. Y.
John J. O'Hara, New York.
Emory R. Osborn. Orange Co., N. Y.
George Osten, Toledo, O.
Carl F. Otto, Lakemills, Ia.
James Paul, Milwaukee, Wis.
Daniel Casper Poplin, Charlotte.N.C.
John Thos. Pratlier.lndianapolis.Ind.
Geo. T. Record. Saratoga Co., N. Y.
John Rice, Manhassett. N. Y.
Ike Rigsbee, Durham, N. C.
Lawrence H. Robinson. Gary, W.Va.
Jos. T. Roscoe, Osborne, N. C-
Luther W. Russell, Ebony, Tex.
Frank Saladino, Gary, Ind.
Herman Schindler, New York.'
Alfred Schneider, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Jos. V. Schuler, Dubuque. Ia.
Wallace E. Searles, Swain, N. Y.
John Pibiles, Chicago, HI.
John W. Sidwell, Brownstown, 111.
Arthur I Smith, Waukegan. I1L
Henry G. Summerfield, Pittsburg.Pa.
'There's a Reason
Albert A. Watson, Colwyn. pa.
Ray Weekley, Shirley, v'. Va.
Morris Weschner, Brooklyn, N. Y'.
Oliver E. Wright, Pittsburg, Pa.
DIED OF WOUNDS.
Sergeants.
Martin Lawrence O'Malley, Supe
rior, Wiss.
John M. Paden, Waynesburg, Fa.
Crporals
Earl D. McVey, Mansfield, O.
Ernest Phillips. McDonald. Pa.
Pvt. James A. Bonschek, Chicago.
WOUNDED SEVERELY,
privates.
Halrio Resa, Eagle Pass, Texas.
Lawrence Francis Cavanaugh, Tuc
son, Ariz.
Francisco Gonzales, Villanueva.N.M
Odie Hill, Austin, Texas.
Jasper Z. Thompson, Portals, N. M.
MISSING IN ACTION.
Corp. Perry C. Graham, New York.
Privates.
Mike Cogura, Bear Creek, Mont.
Romeo O. Dewarf, Carlisle, Pa.
Steleanos Georgoulas. Scranton. Pa.
Wm. H. Harrison. LaCrosse, Wis. ,
KILLED IN ACTION
Lieutenants
Louis J. Lederle, jr.. New York.
Morley Stewart Oates, Lansing
Mich.
Sergeants
John K. Bender, Philadelphia.
Wilbur Harris, Great Cacapon, W
Va.
William E. Schuster. New oYrk.
Charles Halash, Ripon, Wis.
William H. Llewellyn, North Brad
dock. Pa.
Corporals
Elva Luther Bruce, Titusville. Pa.
Clifton M. Casey, Philadelphia.
Laurence Robert Collins, Detroit,
Mich.
Earnest M. Erwin, Salisbury. N. C.
Rubin Hanson, Nebagamon, Wis.
James B. Kettering, Chicago.
Harley L. Tucker, Concord, N. C.
George Blessing, Harrison, N. Y.
Joseph A. Boyie, Brooklyn. N. Y.
George M. Morschauzer. New York
Cook Clyde Andrew Coleman, Long
Pond, Pa.
Privates
Charles Andur. Buffalo, N. Y.
George N. Bodde.'Kaukauna, Wis.
Teofil Eielski, Ambridge, Pa.
Everett F. Burdette, Evansville, Ind.
John W. Causey, Gates, La.
Dan Cohen, Milwaukee, Wis.
Bertie L. Connallay, Hylton, Texas.
William Doyle. New York.
Carl F. Dretske, Neshkoro, Wis.
Walter E. Drissler, South Bend,
Wash. .
John Joseph Farley, Wilkes-Barre,
Pa.
Frederick Fleming, New York.
Joseph Freeman, Hawks, Ohio.
Claude L. Halsey, Blackwell, Okla.
Salie Hausner. New York.
William C. Hegarty, Nevada City,
Calif.
Thos. Herron, Pittsburg, Pa.
Charles W. Hoadley, Bradford, Pa.
Ben Hope, Hazel Green, Ala.
Louis H. Hossler, Kabers Ridge,
Minn.
Edward T. Joyce, jr., Brooklyn, N. Y.
George P. Kalknarf, Mesa, Wash.
N. Y.
George H. Leary, Union Course,
N. Y.
James McCourt, Johnstown, Pa'.
Clarence McCullough, Baxter
Springs, Kas.
John M. McGolin, New York.
Henry McGowan, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Charles A. Mack, New York.
Thomas Mooney, New York.
Edward Nathan, San Francisco, Cal.
Fred Lucien Nichols, Greenup, 111.
Jim Parnello, Providence Trapani,
Italy.
William J. Ryan, New York.
David J. Shields, Chester, Pa.
John I. Smith, Lenoir, N. C.
Paul D. Smith, Columbia. Pa.
Q
8
i
0
!!
0
H
0
y
0
0
0
A
0
B
0
0
1
Daniel Stoever, Lebanon, Pa.
Herbert S. Turrentine, Winston Sa
lem, N. C.
Neal Vail, Philadelphia.
Everhart John Vaneimeren, S. Mil
waukee, Wis.
Clarence R. Wolfe. Pools, Ind.
Anton S. Blazek, Cleveland, Ohio.
Howard AV. Doerr. Carnegie, Pa.
Frank L. Gaddis, Woodland, Wash.
Arthur W. Granath, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Edward C. Hovenstine, Philadelphia.
Lawrence Lescanac, Monessen, Pa.
George Smith Monroe, South Haven,
Mich.
Carl Mularin, Whitensvllle, Mass.
Cecil F. Rhoades, New Kensington,
Pa.
Thornton M. Rice, Nescopeck, Pa.
Vito Rosso, Worcester, Mass.
Philip Schron, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Tenny B. West, Oxford. N. C.
William C. Bariow, Ashford, Ala,
Fred M. Bender, New York.
Joseph Bort2, Chicago.
Louis F. Bloodgood, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Peter P. Brown, Whitman, Mass.
Ralph Ferguson, Fannington, 111.
Sidney Ferris, Glasgow, Scotland.
Clarke R. Lowery, Pittsburg, Pa.
Cecil N. Martin, Lawrenceville, 111.
Ivan Myers, Columbia Falls, Mont.
John Rasmussen, Minot, N. D.
Theodore Arthur Rowles, Clearfield
Pa.
Robert D. Shaw, Corry, Pa.
Stephen R. Shaw, Oshkosh, Neb.
Michael Ney Shoenberger, Payette
county. Pa.
Andrew Summa, Dunmore, Pa.
Earl R. Swansou, Hancock, Minn.
William E. Sutphen, Valois, N. Y.
Guiseppe Troina, Brooklyn, N. Y.
James M. Webster, Middleport,
Wash.
George W. Zenget, East Grand
Forks, Minn.
John B. Zmudzinski, Pittsburg, Pa.
DIED OF WOUNDS
Lt. Everett Sleeter Fick, Winnfield,
La.
Sergeants
Albert P. Kuttig. Lancaster, Ohio.
James T. Parkcs, New York.
William W. Wood, North Falmouth,
Mass.
Corporals
Frank B. Brady, New York.
William F. Busch, Nanticoke, Pa.
Winfield G. Jewell. Pocatello, Ida.
Merle Rhone, St. Marys, Pa.
Samuel R. Dennis, St. Jo, Texas.
Fred Mahoney, jr., Troy, N. Y.
Bugler Thomas M. Corhan, Pitman,
Ark.
Privates
James W. Allen, Schenectady, N. Y.
George C. Chard, New York.
Thomas-Curtis, Sandusky, Ohio.
Will Evir.s, Albany, Ala.
Grover King, Terre Haute, Ind.
Sam Kooistra, Chicago.
Harry E. Kronfield, New York.
Lee A. McBride, Elk River, Minn.
James E. Noonan, Kingston, ii. r.
Leo Ross Porter, Angola, Ind.
Delbert Riley, Florenceburg, Ky.
Frank Ahenok, Buffalo, N. Y.
Joseph Bazinski, Lynn, Mass.
Edward J. Bell. Brooklyn, N. Y.
Kenneth G. Buglass, Portage, Wis.
Isaac R. Castleberry, Moultrie, Ga.
Wm. L. Davis, Winchester, Kas.
Warren J. Decker, Philadelphia. .
Henry G. Ellis; Beverley, Mass.
Joseph Fernandez, Sacramento, Cal.
Carcie H. Gilmore, Redfield, Iowa.
Henry Y. Maxwell, Anguilla, Miss.
Henry Rider, Forest Park, 111.
Alfred Roberge, Manchester, N. Y.
Harry V. Tyler, Milton, Mass.
Buren Upchurch, Lineville, Ala.
George P. Weden, Milwaukee, Wis.
DIED OF DISEASE
Cpl. Albert .E, Stelzer, Celina,,Tex.
Wagoner Harvey Duane Black, Bath,
Mich.
Privates
William Sheridan Baggs, Minotg.
Wis.
Leon Pullella, Cleveland, Ohio.
Peter John Stathis, .New York.
Frank G. Stephenson, Meridian,
Miss.
John Henry Copeland, Elffrinham,
S. C.
Patrick J. Cullin, Jersey City, N. Y.
- Edward Farrell, Hartford, Conn.
Samuel J. Malone, Greenville, Tenn.
William I. Nailling. Valliant. Okla.
Leonidas Tavlor. Reliance. Tenn.
DIED OF- AEROPLANE ACCIDENT
Lt. Stephen T. Webster, Augusta,
Maine.
. DIED FROM ACCIDENT AND
OTHER CAUSES
Corporals
Carl Lee CoVvin. Breckenridgc, Mo.
Frank M. Munich. Joliet, 111.
Prfvates
Arthur B. Buffum. Pawtuc kct. R. I.
Frank J. Denell, New York.
Frank Milewski, Chicago.
Raymond Hagamann, Chicago.
William A. Jones, Johnstown, Pa.
WOUNDED SEVERELY
Olin W. Lewis. Las Vewas, N. M.
Willie Ratliff, Bowie, Tex.
Willie Nevarez, Lame.sa, N. M.
August Smolik, Hallettsville, Texas.
Olai Hagen, San Juan, Tex.
Thomas F. Lawrence, Lamasco, Tex.
KILLED IN ACTION
Sergeants
Louis Frank Antozak. Detroit, Mich.
Adolph Buehl. Brooklyn, N. Y.
Raymond E. Gill, Long Island City
X. Y.
Corporals
Hilmar J. Behrentz, Jr., Chicago, 111
John I. Flynn, Conneautville, Pa.
John E. Gilmer, Central City. Nebr.
Harry Evans Jones, Cleveland, Ohio.
Frank Kowalkowski, Primrose, Pa.
John F. McClelland, Washington, Pa.
Chester R. Ramsey, Latrobe, Pa.
Austin T. Robinson. Beacons, N. Y.
Bugler Joseph Gilmele, Onoway.
Mich.
Conk Itobprt F. Shook. Verbank Vil
lage, X. Y.
Privafc-s
John .William Adams, Ontenagon,
Mi'-'i.
(iui.fpVi AnooiiB. Ituf fuln. N. Y.
Ifwph I. At wood. Gadsden. Ala.
Fioyd I'. I enhrook. Wideman, Ark.
Frank Chicrichelti. Kocklort, ill.
Patrick Clark, Philadelphia,
Reuiicu E. Davis. Ilighpoint. N. C.
Ernest Irederiik Deck, llo.skins,
Nebr.
Andrew DnuleaNy, New York. N. Y.
Leslie ('.. Fi well. Turner Sialieu. Ky.
J;inies Fuliiarl, jr.. Brooklyn. N. Y.
Manuel N. (Jalb'gns, Central. N. M.
'li:irle A. Garner. Iis Vegas, X. M.
George W. Gash. New York. N. Y.
Charles A eary. New YoVk. N Y.
John Gray. New York City.
James R. Hickiy, Palmyra, N. Y.
C. ermain, Glencove City,'
N. Y.
Waldemar C. JohnBon,
Brooklyn,
N. Y.
Harry Vern Labar, Clio, Mich.
William L. Asley, Speedwell, Tenn.
Harry Linakd, Mt. Airy, Pa.
Castmir Lisewski, Chicago, 111.
Wm. C. Low rey, Cana, N. C.
William Mallon, New York City.
Edward K. Marshal, Washington, Pa.
Lincoln D. Murl, Forsyth, Mont.
Homer L. Nlkirk, Bloomington, Ind.
James M. Percival, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Giovanni Peterocci, Elmwood, Ind.
John Quinn, Donlgal, ireland.
John L. Sheets, Sugar Grove, Va.
Edward C. Steckbauer, Oshkosh,
Wis.
Samuel S. Stewardsen, Colby, Kas.
Archie Van Patten, Fayetteville
N. Y.
William J. Watters, Washington, Pa.
Louis Weiss, Woodbine, Iowa.
Nathan C. Woomer, Tyrone, Pa.
Guy Wren, Middleburg, N. C.
Elmer Crowe, Laddsdale, Iowa.
William Crute, Philadelphia, Pa.
Herman A. Cummings, Aurora, Mo.
Stephen Curtin, Long Island, N. Y.
Joseph Cusano, Derby, Conn.
Keith Dale, Bridgeport, 111.
Frank Daley, New York City.
Jake Damhuk. Hartford, Conn.
Robert McLoud Davis, White Plains,
X. Y.
Frank J. Dax, Chicago, 111.
James F. Dinan, Philadelphia, Pa.
James J. Donahue, West Philadel
phia, Pa.
Dennis Donovan, Ossining, X. Y.
Robert L. Erkard, Taylorsville, X. C.
Carleton Ellis, Brooklyn, X. Y.
Leo Englander, Xew York City.
James D. Fardy, Cliicago, 111.
Carl Farnsworth, Litchfield. Nebr.
Albert Fenton, Reading. Ohio.
Bryan L. Gallagher, New York City.
Rafael P. Garza. Taylor, Tex.
Walter G. Gerke, Chicago, 111.
Antonio Germano, Pittsburgh, Pa.
James R. Gorman, Osceola Mills, Pa.
Ernest E. Gurdner, Johnson City,
Tenn.
Henry H. Hall, Hope Mills. N. C.
Edward Haut, Davenport, Ia.
Charles C. Hayslip. Wade, Okla.
Frederick W. Heimburg, North Troy,
X. Y.
Chris Marlowe Herbig. Indianapolis,
Ind.
William M. Houser, Keyzer, W. Va.
Stonewall J. Howir, Shamokin, Pa.
Don Sherman Hubert, Redford,
Mich.
Harry Kase, Ringtown, Pa.
James M. Knutson. Benson, Minn.
James Kooistra, Marshall, Mich.
Thomas Kunz, St. Iouis, Mo.
John Kutia, Uncasville, Conn.
Harry McAllister, Brooklyn. X. V.
DIED OF WOUNDS
Privates
Eugene Clemente, Tlccndergero,
N. M.
John Klepptr, Stapleton, -iC. Y.
Timothy Mangan, Kerry, Ireland.
Thos. W. Kearns, Lawrence, Kas.
Frank M. Lough ran, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Atilio Manfredi, Brooklyn. N. Y.
John H. Prentice, Fredericksburg,
Va.
Hugo D. Schultz, Davenport, Iowa.
Norman E. Scogin, Patesville, Miss.
Dilmar W. Sielaff, Buckeye, Iowa.
Fred Siler, Bradford, Ohio.
Ray W. Stevens, Corydon, Ind.
Odus P. Street, Shelby, N. C.
Henry Wolanski, Buffalo, X. Y.
DIED OF DISEASE
Private John Rader, Peebles, Ohio.
MARINE CORPS CASUALTIES.
Summary of casualties to date:
Officers.
Deaths 40
Wounded 67
Missing 1
Sub Total 108
Enlisted Men.
Deaths 1043
Wounded 2033
In hands of enemy 21
Missing 152
Sub Total 3249
Total 3357
KILLED IN ACTION.
Corp. Wm. H. O'Connor, Connels-
ville, Pa.
KILLED IN ACTION PREVIOUSLY
REPORTED MISSING.
Corp. David B. Foster, McKeesport,
Pa.
Privates.
Lawson McV. Babbitt, Youngstown,
111.
David E. Proctor.E.Cambridge.Mass.
DIED OF WOUNDS RECEIVED IN
ACTION.
Sgt. Dwisht P. Dutton. Boston. Mass.
WOUNDED DEGREE .UNDETER
MINED PREVIOUSLY .REPORT
ED MISSING.
Pvt. Osci J. Bainum. Bellevue, N. M.
MISSING IN ACTION.
Pvt. Wm. C. Cleveland. Brazelton.Ga.
RETURNED TO DUTY PREVIOUS
LY REPORTED .WOUNDED DE
GREE UNDETERMINED.
Pvt. Everett L. Thomas. New Madi
son, O.
People Notice It. Drive Them Off
with Dr. Edwards' j
Olive Tablets .
A pimply face will not embarrass you
much longer if you get a package of Dr.
Edwards' Olive Tablets. The skin should
begin to clear after you have taken the ,
tablets a few nights. . I
Cleanse the blood,the bowels and the uvw
with Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets, the suc
cessful substitute for calomel; there's never
any sickness or pain after taking them.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets do that
which calomel does, and just as effectively,
but their action is gentle and safe instead
of severe and irritating.
No one who takes Olive Tablets Is
ever cursed with "a dark brown taste,"
a bad breath, a dull, listless "no good"
feeling, constipation, torpid liver, bad
disposition or pimply face.
Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets are
a purely vegetable compound mixed
with olive oil; you will know them
by their olive color.
Dr. Edwards spent years amoni? pa
tients atllicted with fcver and bowel
complaints, and Olive Tablets are the
immensely effective result.
Take one or two nightly for a week.
See how much better you feci and look.
10c and 2oc per bos. AU druggists.
Charles
KILLED IN ACTION.
Capt. Merrit Udell Lamb, Rockford,
Mich.
Lieutenants.
Wm. John Beal. Muskegon, Mich.
Foiest L. Bell, Cordes, ilo.
UicK B. Breeding, Hoidenville, Okla
H. B. irwm. Waamngtou, D. C.
Lowell 11. Riley, Orange, N. J.
Sergeants.
Arthur H. Herges, Burlington, Ia.
jonu H. Bird, lampa, Colo.
jtdk W. ilurke. New York,
hazael Stanley Cnoate, C'eajent City,
Mich.
Chas. A. Connolly, New York.
Louis G. Gonzales, Anoyo, Porto
Rico.
Lon F. Johnson, Ryegate, Mont,
ferwy F. Lyons, Beverly, Mass.
jonu Fred Kremer, jacKson, Mich,
ai.cnatl Leonard, Jr., Phi. a.. Pa.
Pe.cy F. Lyons, Beveny, MMass.
uawd Eagar Maxwell, fitlsuurg.Pa.
Samuel C. Shawn, pniia.. Pa.
Wm. S. Temple, south Fork, Pa.
Corporal.
Ernest Barclay. Grand Rapids, Mich.
Ward benj. Baugtiey, Aarian, Mica.
Lveriue Gyat Cope, St. Louis, Mo.
George E. Dufiy, New York.
i. Ernest, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Haioid Tneo Keister, Racine, Wis.
j-reu V. Lindfcren, cnicago. 111.
Neil Mooreel, Phila., Pa.
uweu McNeil, New York.
Bernard Werllne, Oman, Kiev, Rus.
Ra.ph A. Wertz, Edinburg, lud.
John It. Wilson, Cumberland City,
Tenn.
Herbert U Winslow.Hastings-on-the-Hudson,
N. Y.
Privates.
George Al'.adice, Brooklyn, N. Y".
Joe Barns, Baum, Okla.
Kansiord B. Basom, Sparta, Mich.
Fletcher Battle, New York.
AUo-ph T. liauman, Mable, Okla.
A.ton r.elloiny. Ceredo. W. Va.
Russell E. Bitzer, Kingston, O.
Walter A. B.ack, Frederick, UL
Vwii. J. Brown, Pihla., Pa.
atrick Caul.ieid. Jersey City, N.J.
Robert Owen Clinefelter, Coldwater,
M:ch.
Edgar II. Combs, Call, N. C.
Krank Cooney, Paterson, X. J.
Laurence F. Cooper, Clarinda, Ia,
JJoseph C. Couch, Doniphan, Mo.
Frank R. Cotiiter. Baker, Ore.
Francis Courtney, Tarrytown, X. Y.
George Crawford, Newburgh, X. Y.
Lewis Crawford, Roy, Mont.
Wesley J. Creech, Bolton, N. C
Alfred D. Crittenden, Oakland. Cal.
John W. Crowder, St. Louis, Mo.
Terence McAree, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Prime
V-E-A-L
Why pay fancy prices for pork, when we are offer
ing prime suckling veal at prices from 15 cents to 26
cents per pound in quarters.
Any ordinary family can easily use a quarter of
veal which weighs from 30 to 45 pounds.
m
Fore quarters 15c the pound
Hind quarters .26c the pound
:. A. TOVREA & CO.
BARRETT
Ever-Lastic Roofing
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock.
Bisbee Lumber Co.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Co. Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN CCPPER STOCK
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH CLASS CAFE
The best of every th.na at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:2
j to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
Henry Poppen, Manager.
Bernard Thos. McGoigle, Brooklyn,
N. Y.
vvnit F. McMahon,Newtonville,Mas.
l-rauk dlajuwskl, Peauody, Maas.
Auibruse C. jdauuews, iaewood,
N. J.
jujiin Mee, Anaconda, Mont.
1.0 Auuiuiiy iVluler,jtiidaleule,Mca.
cuaa. K. Muutbnau, puila.. Pa.
Gturge it. None, Deipnoa, O.
n.uss-11 j Pkmicnior, t-luura, N Y.
Komero Petty, L'neiokee, S- C.
Win. L. Pierce, Councit Blulis, Ia.
Guy R. Potter, Uiue sprmss, Miss.
Pu.iip kaeizer, Brooklyn, JS. Y.
James Ratoon, Lancaster, f&.
uacir H. Keynoius, Miauieiown, Pa.
jjonu unoues, Bucimnan, Va.
Louis Keeper, Jr., New York.
Cutis, noui, Pnaa., pa.
iUos. bchack, Cnicago, 111.
Leslie k. Snort, Spriuglleid, O.
Joiin Ska.esky, Glasport, Pa.
liay O. SKiamore, Gypsey, W. Va.
No. man K. Stetn, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Ixusaell B. Swain, Brooklyn, N. Y.
John O. Thomas, Goshen, Ala.
August Vau Oyen, Falrfieid, la,
Charles Votrie, Batavia, X. Y.
i e..er Warguia, Nesnkoro, Wis.
Millard F. Warren, Trade, Tenu.
fcane B. Weill, New York.
Artuur Norton Weirr, Horton, Kax
Harry Weilin, New York.
Muslin h. Whaley, Model, Tenn.
Stephen Whalm, Cyntuia, Ky.
John A Williams, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Alois Wlso, Chicago, 111.
Ci-as H. Woodard, Beatrice, Nab.
Andrey Yanchuck, Zolstoien, Russia,
lguatz H. Zctman, Chicitfo. UL
DIED FROM WOUNDS.
CapL Myron Chester West, Beloit,
Wis.
Sgt. JJohn M. Skidmore, Indianapo
lis, lud.
Corporair.
Shepard JcJrdan. .vurusta. Ga.
Iti.rry Lee Sueruiau, Quincy, Mich.
Glei a Whaley, Mantna, O.
PriWes.
Ures I. Bergess. Winesay, Tena.
L'slie W. Darling, Shenandoah, Ia.
Thos. W Dempster. Pittsburg, Pa.
Stanley Elliott, Santa Ana, CaL
Chap J. Eimore, Maggie Craig Co..
a
Carl Engelhardt, Shelvr?an Wis.
Jujhn Henry Finnegan, Brooklyn,
N. V.
DIED FROM ACCIDENT AND OTH
ER CAUSES.
Wagoner Harvey Duane Black,
Bath. Mich.
Pvt. Peter John Stathis, New York-
Yon can't eat your sugar and give
it to the soldiers too.
Suckling
ra SIX
THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1918.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
NEW YORK, Oct. 2 Many mixed
changes were registered during to
day's erratic ana less active stock
market. War shares displayed fur
ther heaviness, which now and again
extended to issues in no way idenii
tied with that group.
Aside from tne tenor of foreign dis
patches, there was little in the day's
developments to prompt further o
lerings of war stocks, other than that
such a course probably suited the pur
poses of professional interests.
UniUd States Steel was again under
lire, reacting slightly over a point,
Lut retrieving moat of its loss at the
eud. Recognized war' Bhares, notably
Bethiehem Steel, Baldwin Locomotive
-nd half a score others engaged in the
manufacture of munitions and oru
ance, added 1 to 3 points to recent
.e ersa s.
Rails failed to bear out their prom
.se te reUous day, denoting mod
erate heaviness after an early dem
.liFtration of strength by Union Pacit
ic and Leading.
Oil3, mo:ors, shippings, coppers, to
baccos and utilities featured the con
structive side at gains of 2 to 7 points.
...exican Petroleum and Texas Com
pany rising spiritedly in the final hour
w.th material rallits in mcst other
active issaes, a steady tone running at
the close. Sales amounted to 635,000
shares.
lionds were irregular. Liberty issues
as well as internationals showing no
decided trend. Totai sales, par value,
aggregated $8,359,000. Old United
States bonds were unchanged on call.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. 2 Bearish crop es
Umates together with important fresh
military successes by the entente al
lies led to pronounced weakness at
times today in the corn market. The
close was unsettled, c to lc net
lower, with November Jl-29?i to
f 1.29.
Oats finished lc off to VsC to
14c advance, and provisions down 34c
to $1.
At first the corn market gave 6igns
that in the absence or specific new
developments in regard to peace the
urgent liquidation which had been ua
der way was at an end. This prospect
was afterward dispelled, however, by
a selling wave that had its origin in
a statement by a leading authority
pointing to a total crop of 2,700,000,000
bushels, whereas the latest govern
ment figures were but 2,672.000,000
bushels. Sentiment in favor of lower
prices was further increased by the
character of the war advices, but on
the ensuing declines resting orders to
buy were uncovered, and with profit
taking on the part of shorts the mar
ket after midday showed considerable
power to rally.
Oats paralleled the "action of corn.
Estimates were current that the 1918
oats corp would be the second largest
on record.
Weakness of corn and hogs carried
down provisions.
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2. Metals un
changed .
American Can 448
American Car 85 hi
Amiriian fnielters 77s
American Sugar 10S4
Baldwin 86
iettik-hem titeel (B) 75
C. F. & 1 44
CaiKulL.11 Pacific 165Vi
t'ential Ltather 7ui
Crucible Steel 61 Vi
Distillers' Securities (ex. div.) .. 4-
ii ie 15
(general Motors 124
Indiana Alcohol 110
Lackawanna 80V4
iarine 277i
Marine, Pfd 1063
.Uidvale 504s
Mexican Petroleum 120 Vi
New Ycrk Central 74 Vi
Xortheru Pacific 88 V4
trading 89V
...et-. Steel 90
Hudebaker 57?
t el 10944
Steel Pfd 110
t. Paul 5S
Southern Pacific 8S:
inclair Oil 32
Texas Oil 183Vi
jnion Pacific l-6Vi
Jutted Motors 314
Vestinghouse 43
BOSTON.
Adventure
Alaska
American Zinc
Allouez
Arizona Com
tiutte
C. & A
Calumet & Hocla
Calumet Range
Chile
East Butte
Granby
G. Can.
60
3
15V4
49
15
25Vg
67
450
46
17V6
10
82
49
oldficld 20
Hancock 5Vi
Indiana 60
Inspiration 55V4
Kennecott 33
Keweenaw 1
Lake 0
La Salle 2V6
Miami 28V4
Mohawk 55
Mayflower 2V4
Nevada 20
Nipissing 13
North Butte 13
Old Dominion 39
Osceola 53
Pond Creek 16 V4
Quincy 64
Ray Con 23
Shattuck 15V4
Sup. Boston 4
Ft. Marys 46
Utah Copper 84
Utah Con 9tt
Winona 1
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. The cotton
market closed at 32.80.
(L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker)
Closing Quotations, Oct. 2, 1918
NEW YORK.
Anaconda 69V&
CURBS.
Arkansas & Arizona 7
Arizona Bing 4
Arizona Silver King
liig Ledge
Butte & London 15
Calumet & Jerome :
Cornelia 17
Con. Arizona '. IVi
Con. Copper 5
Curtiss 33
Deun ,18 Vi
Dundee V4
Emma ; 3
I Federal Oil i 1 vi
: Gadsden J 3
i Green Monster ;
Grand Island 12
POSTERS FOR FOURTH LIBERTY LOAN DRIVE""
Vtt. tjjt THE HUN BETWT THE EYES
1 ' 0
t
with
MIIEIY
. ... ... pi um.se wi'.h the Hun." is the spirit in which the tan posters
ar.r-i u :nc mi lo-thcoming fourth Liberty loan, opening September 23,
Lave leen drsipnt'd by American artists. All of the posters ara ir.teniled
tt i.ii t'O tiUii it?tween the eyes." Startling among the ten selected oe
signs, both for iti simplicity niid the brutal directness of its appeal, is the
wc. k o.' J. Alien it. John. This roster shows the imprint of a bloody pslin '
snd under it the wors: "The il'in His mark." Americans are besot.ht .
to blot out the red imprint with Liberty bonds. Ten million porters will be
used to impress the Americen r-eopio in the coming- drive with the necessity
of len iing- to the utmost in order to help Uncle Sam's fighting- army win a
p:,t!y Americar victory and to raise the Stars and Stripes over tho
kjuser's r:il;icc at IV.sdani.
-FORMER' EIG LEAGUE PLAYERS HELP NAVY
CAPTURE CHAMPIONSHIP FROM ARMY TAM
t-:- Mm,.
' jv ;s
jjft;
ML
t of 3
, y-3--,.?.
i
' fc, . . f J it?--
REPORT ON DANCE
IS ISSUED BY
MRS. FRANTZEN
GRAND TOTAL OF 5G9.45 IS MADE
! FOR BENEFIT OF A. F. F. W. AND
i A. C. D. F. LETTER THANKING
THE WARREN DISTRICT IS RE
CEIVED FROM HEADQUARTERS
You Can't Rub It Away;
Rheumatism is in the Blood
0
Jimmy Hickman, above at right; Jeff Pfefier, in center, an J Casty Stcnsrl.
The baseball team representing the navy captured the season's service
championship by defeating the best team the army could produce. Several
former major leaguers helped the sailor boys turn the trick. Jotf PfefTr,s
burling, the fielding of Jimmy Hickman and Casey Stengel's bf.ttins v.-ere
features of the navy team's success. Hickman and Pfetfer were m?mbc'rs
of the Brooklyn Dodgers last season until they joined the colors. Stencil
was with the Dodgers and later with the Pittsburg Pirates.
The following is the report of the
I dance given Monday 11 in tit, Spt. 23,
! at the Warren park for the benefit
! of the A. F. F. V. and the A. C. D. F.
and the amount received from the raf
fle of the oil painting as issued by
Mrs. M. E.M. Rantzen, state chairman:
Kale of tickets : J572.60
Sales at booth 24.40
Sale of raffle tickets 53.75
The expenditures amounted to
$52.30, of which $40 was spent for
j printing and advertising, and $12.10
for sundiies, leaving a grand total for
the benefit of $593 45.
This money will be used in France
by the emergency committee mabu
lance for the general refugee dispen
saries, and for the aid of the French
hospitals.
Mrs. Frantzen wishes to thank the
Commercial club and the people of the-
Warren district for their close co-operation
in every way which resulted
in such a success and for the gener
ous response that was given for this
noble cause.
Mrs. Frantzen. hag also received a
letter from the headquarters of the
American fund for the French wound
ed, thanking the women of the War
ren district for their ready and gen
erous help both in Bending money and
shipping supplies, the ltt8t shipment
made containing blankets, pillow cases,
sheets and shirts.
Liniments Will Never Cure.
If you are afflicted with Rheuma
tism, why waste time with liniments,
lotions and other local applications
that never did cure Rheumatism, and
never will?
Do not try o rub the pain away,
for you will never succeed. Try the
sensible plan of finding the cause of
the pain, and go after that. Remove
the cause, and there can be no pain.
You will never Le rid of Rheuma
tism until you cleanse your blood of
the germs that cause the disease.
S. S. S. has never had an equal as a
blood purifier and scores of sufferers
say that it has cleansed their blood of
Rheumatism, and removed all traca
of the diaease from their system.
Get a bottle of S. S. S. at your
dru? store, and get on the right
treatment to-day. If you want spe
cial medical advice, you can obtain it
free by addressing Medical Director;
23 Swift Laboratory, Atlanta, Ga
Globe Dom
Hull 45
Howe Sound '
Hecla 4
Jerome Verde 9x
Jerome Victor
Magma Copper 32
Magma Chief
MiManii Con 3
Okmulgee 2
Pitts-Jerome 36
Porphyry 60
Ray Hercules 4
Tom Reed J20
Tuolumne 95
United Eastern 3
Verde Extension 37
Verde Com
Wolv.-Arizona .......... 1
West End 1
White Caps 9
Wright Martin 7
OATMAN.
(By Cllins and Bretherton)
Argo.... .02
Adams
Arizona Rex
Arlz.-Tom R.
Big Jim Con. 05
Boundary Cone
Goid Ore. , 04
Gold Road Eon
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
Sunnyside 02
Tellurtde 04
Tom Reed 120
United Eastern ... 3.75
Red Lion
.0
.1
.05
.07
.02
.05
.02
.15
.0-
.03
.07
1.23
3.87
.15
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden .... .;. 3.00
Green Monster 44
Butte London 15
Dundee 50
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome 36
Jerome Verde .44
Ark.-Arizona 07
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Copper 45
Magma Chief 12
Wolv-Arizona 1.65
Verde Com 50
Miami Con 03
Great Ray
Nacorarl Con.
Con. Cop. Mines 5.00
Porphyry 60
Calumet & Jerome .87
Feather River -
3.12
.50
.17
.75
.04
.40
.50
.OS
.17
.12
.52
.13
1.75
.62
.05
.35
.35
6.25
.65
.94
.12
F ...... . In
11
&c r.
WANT ARIZONA ACE
TO FLY FAIR WEEK
Immediately following his return
from San Diego where he went to con
fer with Lt. Col. Burwell. command'
ing officer of Rockwell Aviation field.
Secy. C. D. Boyce of the state fair com
misiscn announced that two govern
ment airplanes would be sent to Phoe
nix for the purpose of making exuioi
tion flights during fair week. - .
Not content with securing this great
attraction. Secretary Boyce has set out
to secure the greatest possible, attrac
tion for the people of Arizona uoth-
ing less, in fact than the presence dur
ing the fair of Lt. Frank Luke, tho
sensational young Arizona flyer who.
by his daring exploits recently m
France, has earned the title for him
self of the American ce of aces.
Boyce does not wish the impression
to become prevalent that Lieutenant
Luke will positively be here fair week,
for it is not assured. However, he does
wish the people of Arizona to know
that every effort will be made to bring
the young Arizona hero home to fly
during fair week for the people of his
native state. Letters have already
been written to the Arizona delegation
in congress and to the. war depart
ment to ascertain if it will be possible
to have Luke here fair week. A
definite reply should be received
shortly.
.If it is impossible to secure Lieuten
ant Luke, Colonel Burwell has assur
ed the fair officials that the pick of
the government aviators who are now
in the United States, will be sent to
Phoenix to demonstrate just how our
boys In France are conquering the
Boche flying men.
SENSATIONAL FILM
TO BE SHOWN AT
' EAGLE ON FRIDAY
"The Whip," the most astounding
sensational photoplay the world has
ever seen comes to the Eagle theater
tomorrow and will be shown tomorrow
and Saturday. The play Is taken from
the famous stage play of the same
name that toured the world and has
been translated In most all languages
and played in nearly every country on
earth where the stage was large
enough to accommodata the massive
production. The picture has played in
a number of the larger cities as long
as three and four months. It played
in Los Angeles four different engage
ments, one of which was nine weeks,
which was necessitated by the de
mand, as they were unable to accom
modate the thousands of people who
clamored to see lt. The picture Is
packed with thrills from beginning to
end and will keep a person on the
edge of their seat from the first reel
It contains one of the myt realistic
train wrecks ever filmed, which was
put on at an expense of $25,000. This
picture is In 10 reels.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
REVIEW WANT ADS
1RIN0 RESULTS
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE? :: BREWERY GULCH
ARE GALLED FOR
LIMITED SERVICE
The local board of Cochise county
has sent notice to the following named
registrants to hold themselves In
readiness to report to the board on
or about the 14th of this month to be
entrained for Vancouver barracks,
Washington, where they will be
placed in the spruce service:
Order. Name. Address.
232 John Owens, Black .Diamond
Wash.
1184 Vere M. Crawford, Lowell, Ariz.
1243 Walter A. Douglas, Long Beach.
Calif.
1454 Thomas M. Moran. Colton. Calif. !
14S3 Wren Sands. King City, Calif. I
1655 Felix Garrett, Tucson, Arrz. !
18SS William J. Moss. Hayden, Ariz, j
1934 William R. Prichard, Butte,
Mont. :
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
QoslIE
Have you stored your winter's
supply of coal yet? If not it's
time to get busy! A shortage
is possible. BUY NOW!
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
APPRECIATIVE WOMEN
How often Is the question asked
"Are the testimonial letters published 1
In the advertisements of Lydta E. j
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound gen-,
uine and true?" In answer to that!
question we want to answer most em-;
Jhatically yes; and lt is gladness for,
ealth restored by the use of Lydla
E. PInkham's Vegetable Compound 1
bfter weeks, months and sometimes
Vears of suffering that has prompted
these women to write such letters in
order that other women who suffer as
they once did may profit, by their ex
perience, j
City Dye Works
Cleaning. and Pressing
Phone 739
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
Registered Bonds
Third Liberty Loan Are
Now Ready for
Delivery
Gas Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable: cost
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
n
1
"I :: !
CI J
T
Bisbee Improvement Co.
I
J s
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1918.
SEVEN
v
DAILY
Advertisements under this head
Advertisements must reach The
Male Help Wanted
WANTED A laundress.
475.
Phone Black
845
WANTED Handy man who can do
some blacksmith work ana keep
farm utensils in shape, pood wages,
Warren ranch. S41
WANTED Laborers. Government
works at Norfolk, Va. White, color
ed and Mexicans for emergency
fleet corporation. Good board and
working conditions. Ship Monday,
transportation free. No miners will
be accepted. For information see
O. S. French, or G. J. Wilbert, Bis
bee. 834
WANTED Bell
hotel.
boy. Copper
Queen
6S1
Female Help Wanted
V Y.NTED Girl for general
wv,rk. half day, small family.
Red 75S.
house-
Phone
839 1
!
WANTED Two experienced short
order waitress. Apply 85 Main st.,
Cottage Home, or phone 526. 713
WANTED First class laundress( one
day or more each week. Pay thirty-
five cents per hour. Phone 74i. 3
' Position Wanted
WANTED Expert bookkeeper and
stenographer wants work, day or ev
enings. B. Y Review. 843
WANTED Position. Plain
sewing:
done.- Leave work 170 Temby
ave-
" : nue or 79-A Brewery Gulch.
736
WANTED To do typewriting, book
koeping, billing during two spare
hcurs a day. Have my own type
writer. Loomis, Phone Freen SU7,
or P. O. Box 570. Bisbc-e. 791
WANTED Position by ; experienced j
woman as cook or waitress. Apply ;
Box 13S3. Bisbee. 657 I
For Sale
FOR SALE! Modern house ciose in. A
bargain. Room two. Lyric bids. 844
FOR SALE New 303 Savage rifle, SuO j
uneit3. J. steel, n u. iv. street.
S3S
FOR SALE One four room modern;
bungalow, completely furnished. I
near Vista park. Warren. This is i
'" a snap fof a new, lovely borne. C. 11. ;
Hogan, phone 121, office below Cop- i
per Queen hotel. bob j
FOR SALE Furniture of three room
flat, $50. Rents J15. No. 1 Kroeger
Flats, Warren. 824
FOR SALE Chevrolet five passenger j
car, almost new, run only four :
months. Brooks Apartments. Phone ,
,yiack10.
.801.
FOR SALE: One second hand Chev
rolet car at a bargain. Inquire C. K.
Barnum, Tombstone canyon, after
3 . m. 790
FOR SALE! Nine room iiouse, com
pletely furnished, formerly used as
maternity home. Terms if desired.
Mason hill. Call 573 Black for par
ticulars. 763
FOR SALE Buick light six, five pas
senger, 1917 model, in first class
cendition. F. J. Keogh Auto .Uphol
stery &; Paint Shop, Lowell. 675
FOR SALE Ford touring car,' in good
condition, 151 S Model. Apply Lyric
Confectionary. 753
FOR SALE Five room furnished
house, Tomb.stone canyon, not on i
hill, $500 cash, balance tnonthiy pay-1
ments. Apply to M. C. High. 7'7 ;
FOR SALE At once, going away,
nearly new extra nice parlor, f!ning !
room and kitchen furniture ana
dishes. Gibson Apartments, Ciaw-!
son hill. 795 '
CUR SALE Fri-sh. ripe tomatoes for
canning. Delivered to any part of
Warren district, five cents pel i
........ ,1 - T . I , .A .. -;m . . . . .. .
prompt atieniKn. wa?. l.. i uray.
760
- -;
FOR SALE Two woik horses. Bhle
Improt ement company. 772
FOR SALE in Jerome, a fiist class
shoe .-hop, C'halnpfi;n citrve nfodie :
outfit. Cah lie b .ugbt cheap ;n at- j
count of hicknes. Address P. O. j
Box IIS... 771
FOR KALE Second hand
Broadway rooms.
ranee.
769
PETEY DINK Petey's Question Was Answered Quickly.
MvA'r.i: 5 VPETEiV?y HecheT 7 ) Kew FROM J V haT ueyt? -4V Veu.
K?y KM? i MfM lS?; 'S
REVIEW WANT ADS
at the rate of 1 cent per word each Issue, with a minimum charge ot 25 cents.
Review office not later than 8 p. m. for Insertion In next morning's paper.
For Rent
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished for
1 housekeeping. 153 Temby avenue.
Balgay house. 842
tun kk.ni rurnisnea, two mo,
j clean housekeeping rooms. Apply
School hill grocery. 840
FOR RENT One new, modern bunga
' low in Warren, provided party buys
furniture. C. H. Hogan, phone 121
i below Copper Queen hotel.
836
FOR RENT Rooms, Hotel Letson
Main street. Phone 559. Centrally
located, clean, airy, newly renovated
rooms.. Running . water. Reason
able" rates to permanent guests. 820
FOR RENT Dead storage for cars for
the tim of the war, reasonable
Brocks Apartments. Phone Black
730.
800
FOR RENT Batching cabin for two
also nice, clean, well ventilated
sleeping room. 49 O. K. street. 31
! FOR RENT Two large furnished
! housekeeping rooms. Lights and
j water furnished".' 163 Opera Drive
l or Dhone Blue 711. 817
.
FOR RENT Five room house, 206-B
, Opera Drive, Close In, above lum
f- ber yard.
818
IFOR RENT Nice clean rooms. An
I ineton rooming house. Erices rea-
I scnable. Opposite. City park. 77
FOR RENT Three nicely furnished
! rooms for housekeeping. 14 Jigger-
ville. ' 773
,
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
l room, cement house rear of Hogan &
Seed's office. Main street,
tween 2:30 and 4:30 p. m.
Call be-
7
FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
j room, separate entrance, suitable for
gentleman or two school teachers.
! , Apply "first house north of Brook3
Apartments. U. K. street. an-ii
; FOR RENT Adult desiring three
j' rcom' furnished apartment for one
mouth with possibility of renting
indefinitely. Puone Hiack. G81. 73
FOR RENT Garage
in
Warren.
Phone Black 475.
422
FOR RENT
Two rooms furnisheo
for housekeeping, no children. 2(
Montana street, Johnson addition.
254
.FOR. RENT OR SALE Six room
! hoise with screen porch, also gar
j age. Phone Red 717. 677
FOR RENT Four rooms furnished,
near Customs house. Phone Green
696. Also housekeeping rooms. 840
Miscellaneous
NEW PROCESS LAUNDRY Just op
t-ned. at 215 Opera Drive, having th;;
Big Giant washer. Washes silks,
lace curtains, flanels, blankets with
out wear or tear. Expert ironers,
can - iron anything first class, dry
cleaning and pressing done, gent'
and lady's clothes. Patronize us and
get the best. Proprietors, Mrs.
Haves, Mrs. Lundcreen. 768
MATERNITY HOME On Mason hill,
formerly run by Mrs. Jacobs, will re
open Monday by Mrs. Kahler, pro
fessional nurse, of Chicago, 111. 72.,
WRINKLES. FRECKLES, SAGGING.
SALLOW COMPLEXION. PIT-
. TINGS, ..SCARS And all facial
blemishes. Do you want to know
how to remove them? If so send for
free literature. Mine. Coman Stanley,
3236 Key West, Los Angeles, Cain
S2j
a iciit; iu " y. m. c. a. ocnooi, la
rtugeina,"' auoui Auco, nauio, Loi:'
uieiciai ana .nginecmg raursw
nam lor service.
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE $2
up. All corsets carefully fitted
lnes Warburton, over Independent
Feed store, upper Main street. 34ii
MKS BOYLE Clarivoyant, card
rfsa,iin Hr,nrS lo m t 9-:tn n m
. - -
Montana .street, first street back
of Lowell bakery. 312
MARTIN'S MINERAL BATHS AND
MASSAGE SPECIALIST For rheu
inatism, lumbago, plurisy, head
aches, nervousness, maniputatiom
. asd curviture of spine treated scien
tifically. Otfice third floor Maze
building." Op't-n 9 a. in. to 9 p. m.
Nurse in attendance. 705
BUNIiLES )F OLD PAPERS At the
1 Review offi'-e. Iarge bundles, price
25c.
For Exchange
FOR EXCHANGE Would trade for
Warren district property, a new
five room bungalow and seven large
lots in New Orleans; also fine five
acre orchard of 312 bearing Satsuma
orange and 150 bearing Pecan trees,
at Grand Bay, Alabama. Geo. I.
Custer, Warren, Ariz. 6S3
Wanted
WANTED House, four rooms or more
unfurnished, Bisbee or Warren. Ad
dress, "G.," care Review. tf-dh
WANTED Pink
fruits, vegetables.
Box 2211.
beans, chickens.
Phone Green 696.
' 847
Lost
LOST U. S. Infantry service star pin.
Leave at Review office. Reward. 823
LOST One diamond cuff button be -
tween Copper Queen general offices
and postoffice. Monday afternoon,
Leave at Review, care Mr. Matthe -
803
LOST Monday, September 30. a
purse containing about $75. Would
finder kindly return. same to Review
office and receive liberal reward?
813
LOST In Warren, platinum broach,
small pearl in center. Call Warren
Drug company. Reward 821
LOST Three rings annd gold chain.
in front of Palace grocery- Return
6.U.,. -
Found
FOUND Automobile repair tools.
Owner may have same by calling at
Bronson store and identifying same.
315
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK loans on your personal
not to salaried men ana women, al
so on furniture, ccx Loan Co. noon
z. Lyric TDeatrn Duiiaing. itt
INFLUENZA WAVE
CONTINUES TO
CAUSE WORRY
Continued from Pae On)
this week on account of the disease.
Like conditions exist in other yards in
the two districts, Mr. Schwab said, but
the disease has not spread to any
great etxent to ship yards in the south
Atlantic, gulf. Great Lakes and Pacific
coast districts.
The ship building program will be
interfered with materially in any yard
where the number of cases reaches 8
per cent of the men employed, the di
rector general said. As precautionary
measures to prevent an epidemic on
influenza in war crowded Washing
ton, the public schools were ordered
cl03ed today and Liberty loan parades
well as most public gatherings ,
ere prohibited by the district com- J
missioners. New hours for more gov-1
eminent employes In going to and I
auittlns work as well as for the open-1
ing of all stores except drug and gro. '
eery stores will go into effect tcmor-1
row to prevent crowding on street i
cars.
In reviewing the general situation,"6,
over the country tonight, Secretary 1 1",! "" B:- uiunuti ii,ioj,
McAdoo announced that through the .' 6S2.000 was ppent and for loans to al
publicf health service the treasnrv de-llfs $.527.914,iMMK'Taxe3 have brought
partment has offered to co-operate in $5,183,268,000, and Liberty Loans
ith all state health authorities and
has sent officers to New England. ! !
It also was announced that the Red ,
Cross war council has appropriated I ?'a.It.uoo.
$575,000 for xpenses incidental to its ' low" 8,00,1 alo"e toniitht as the
work in combatting influenza. , on'y btate to report olTieinliy that it
I was over its quota. The St. Louis
IITTIF ROfK Ark Oct ' As a 1 CUU ' l' Wh,( h WHS the filst fedt'ral
,7u i w Z A reserve district to go 'over the top
result of the influenza outbreak ..Camp! u,;ln camP
Pike was placed uncer quarantine to-,,, .. j;; maklni, arotDer eKort to
day' , di.pli'ate' thi.- re.cord. Reports from
''he faciilr coast -showed an unusual
EL PASO. Texas, Oct. 2 ( pt. Luck-
ett Cochran, instructor in the iiold ar
tillery stationed at Ft. Sill. Okja., died
at the home of his father. here late to
day of pneumonia caused by Spanish
influenza. Captain Cochran was
gassed in France, sent home as an
instructor and was here on sick leave. I
His vas the third death in the army ;
here from influenza, two enlisted men
having died at Ft. Bliss last niijht.
There were 170 new influenza cases re
ported at the Ft. Bliss base hospital
today.
ROCKFORD, 111.. Oct. 2 Thirty-lour
soldiers died at Camp Grant today of
influenza, bringing the total deaths to
ninety-six. About -loot) soldiers stijl
are sick. The disease has spread to
Rockford, but only one death has been
reported.
CHICAGO. Oct. 2 Twelve deaths
and 197 new cases of influenza were
reported today. There were also thir
ty deaths from pneumonia. The city
council has been asked for a special
appropriation of $100,000 to combat the
spread of the epidemic.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 2. Declaring that
Spanish influenza is baffling the med
ical profession. Dr. W. A. Evans, presi
dent of the American Public Health
association, in an address tonight be
fore the Mississippi Valley Tubercu
losis convention, said the only way tc
decrease mortality caused by the di
sease was to enforce strict quaran
tine as soon as symptoms of It are dis
covered. 'Our hands have been tied so far,"
Dr. Evans said "because we know of
no cure for It.; We have not as yet
positively ascertained its cause."
LINCOLN, Nebr.. Oct. 2. Plans to
prevent the spread of Spanish, influ
enza In Lincoln and vicinity Including
" c ""'- '"is corps were
adopted "ere tonight at a conference
between state health authorities and
! neads of the military department at
I the university. Three buildings on
the university campus., have been tak
en over by Capt.-1. J. Mac Ivor, mill
tary commandant, for the treatment
ot cases, wnicn now total 75, among
a special training detachment of draft
selects stationed at the state farm
under his charge. There are 700 men
in the detachment, of whom. It is esti
mated, 600 came from Colorado and
the rest from Nebraska and Iowa. Ap
proximately 1500 students are enrolled
in the S. A. T. C. at the university.
The men receiving the special train-
,ng have been auartered 8nd are iso
Hated from the students and student
scldiers. So far only forty cases have
been reported iu the city of Lincoln.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo., Oct. 2
Leland James, cf Trinidad, who ha
been a member of the army radio
school operated In connection with
Colorado College here died here today
of pneumonia developing from an at
tack of influenza. His death Is the
second due to the epidemic which
broke out in the training camp here
ten days ago. Twenty-five of the men
who have been in the hospital were
released yesteriay, but the strict
quarantine under which he entire con
tingent is workfcis, continues.
BOULDER, Cole., Oct. 2. Spread o'
the influenza epidemic from the mili
tary camp at the state university to
tJie city of Boulder was announced by
city health authorities tonight, three
of the cases In the city being con
sidered critical. Among the more seri
ously ill is E. O. Heinrich, city man
ager. The spread of the malady at the uni
versity military camp seems halted
Medical authorities there announced
to.iight that three of ihe Montana men
wJio have developed pneumonia from
the disease are extremely ill.
LIBERTY LOAN
SUBSCRIPTIONS
FALLING DOWN
(Continued f om Pace Ona)
Kst. fid the $211,417,000 of July.
Ihe '-"tal cost of 18 months of war
lo Oct. i was snown to be $1S.!96.94:.-
I""'', iiiiee ninrs us uiucii as win
raised by the fourth loan, for
ur 'mnicaies oi m.ieoienness anout
Wim.uiiu.oiiu. l ne harvest from war
savings ana mrnt stamps has nee!i
number oT individual subscriptions.
phout 60.000 being recorder already.
An unofficial report from Boston '
ionU'ht said indications were that sub I
i ip.'ions in thnt lii. trict hfifi approx
iinaled $1011,000,000. " J
niv i:viw ;,i'.-i.sii wirt-i i
NE WYURK. Oct. 2. The Ncwj
Yrrk federal re-;ere district had sub
scribed ?i::3,41S,r.O" to the fourth Lib-'
erty loan up to the close of business
yesterday, or 7.7 of its quota of $l,-;
S00 ,000.000, according to official fig-'
urcs announced tonight. !
These figures however do not in
clude big sales made today when New
York City, stirred by a tour of its
business and financial districts byj
American marines wounded at Cha-j
teau Tnierry and Belleau Wood, a pa-'
rade of Italian veterans from the Aus-j
trian front, and ceremonies incident to
the Cuban Day celebration at the "Al.
tar of Liberty." subscribed freely.
The city's official total for the first
three days of the drive is $112,673,750
or 8.5 per cent of its quota.
Among large subscriptions an
nounced today were those of $1,000,000
tach by the American Metal com
pany; The Inspiration Consolidated'
Copper company and the Phelps-Dodge-corporation.
NOW OFFERING
REPRESENTATION
IN GOVERNMENT
(Continued from Pace On)
of popular measures. But the social
ists have generally declined to ac
cept anything short of absolute con
trol of the cabinet through the reich
stag without reference to the wishes
of the emperor and oficlals -believe
that at length they are about to rea
lize their aspirations.
Such a change in Germany doubt-
less would be followed, If not Indeed
preceded by a similar revolution m
Austria parliamentary government, and
it is fully expected that as . soon as
real representative government is a
fact in the central empires there will
je an Irresistible movement towards
peace, even on the terms laid down
Dy President Wilson.
In this connection the news today
that the Austrian emperor had sum
moned to Vienna Counts Tisza, An-'
drassy and Apponyi was received here
with undisguised Interest. This ac
tion was regarded as very significant,!
although ofifcials were not certain
whether it had to do with the Bui-:
garian withdrawal from the war with I
its direct threat to the dual monarchy.!
or with internal reforms or was a defi-!
nite move for a separate peace. I
RAILROAD BOMBED
(n- Review Leasel Wire)
LONDON. Oct. 2. -The Trevis rail
way was bombed by the British inde
pendent forces Tuesday, according to
an oficial statement issued tonight.
Treves is in the Rhine province ol
Prussia and claims to be the oldest
own in the German empire. The rail
road passing through' - Treves runs
northeast to Ccblentz and Cologne and
southward to Metz and Stra.isburg.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
Removal Sale
Now on for One Week at
j Fruitman's Fashion Shop.
bpecial Bargain on
Waists, Skirts, Dresses and
Underwear
25 Per Cent Discbunt on
All Orders for Tailor Made
Garments Received This
Week.
FRUITMAN'S
FASHIONABLE
LADIES' TAILOR AND FURRIER
Hughet Block opp. Y. M. C. A.
Phone 74 Bisbee, Ariz
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully 8ollclti Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
kVA'
CATARRH
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of gather
ing will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. m.
ftieets every triuay
uignt. Moose Mau.
v isiting broiners cui
i tally lnvueu.
K. 1. GLklASU.-N,
Dictator.
meets e t e r y
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall
BISBEE LuUGE, NO. 10. 1. O. O. F.
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers ccrU.ally invited to attend.
Hall pl.or.e ; t J.
G A. PLUNK ETT, N. G.
LESTER EUSTACE, Sec'y.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lilv Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd .
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
! month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially inviteu.
; MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C
! Fhone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Box 1475
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS i
Meets in I. O. O. F.
trail First nnd Third j
Saturdays. V i s i t ing
brothers welcome.
S. F. KENTON, Councillor.
F. M. WILLIAMS, Rec. Sec'y.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 8S5, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medio
vlch hall. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
MRS. C. C. FINLAYSON.
Foreman, P. O. Box 1525.
E. D. STINSON.
Correspondent, Box 1496.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
C. E HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
Office Bolow
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAN
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 10
Knighu of Pythias,
meets each Tuesday
(except second) la Odd
Fellows Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
M.
W.
E. WOOTON. C. C
E. McCALLUM. K. of R. S-
LODGE NO. 071
Regular meeting first and third Fr:
'day of each month. "Visiting brother
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalted Ruler.
R. J KELLY, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
- Lowell Camp No. 4b U1
V meet every 2nd and
4th Tuesday at ":3'j
7:3i, Finish-Hail.
D. C. SAXBY, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woudmen invited.
iV .;.
ORDER OP EASTERN STAR
meets la Masonic Hall
Pearl Chapter, No. 6. meet
in Masonic Hall se.-ond ana
fourth Tut;.-day of each
month at 7: Co p. m.
EMMA WOODS. W. M.
MRS.
Fhone ltfl. Box 43. Eisbee
MRS. JTiSSIE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. O.
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com.,
Phone 161.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175. F. O. E.. meets
first and third TUESDAYS, 8 p. m.
Eagle." Hall. Visitors cordially wel
come. J. F. Wn.MiTYlI. Present.
F. C. FUNDERaON. Secretary.
C. L. EDML'NDSON, Aerie PLvsician.
FRATERNAL
,J-D i BROTHERHOOD
"7t$r:, T. F. B.
fCiVS.'.Vi?-! r Eibeo Lodge No.
i't. )i nleets the 1st
W iZZ'lW and 3rd Monday
"vr-v" 7:3') at Mediso
vich Hall. Visa
ing membeis cordially' taviteU.
B. F. MOSS. President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 2".!. Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13
Hi.
VIeets 1st Saturdij
Uedigovich Hail.
L L. MOT2. ConsuL
X F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
WEEK ENDING SEPT. 2S. 131$
Mor.csy 2nd Degree.
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Blue r.eg
Fridav
Saturday Royal Arch.
W. W. C1DLEY. W M
B. T. W ATKINS. S vr'y. F. & A. M.
J. W. TOLAND. K. H. P.
C. F. FHILHROOK. T. I. M.
F: E. BENNETT. K. C.
F. S DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Oommandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
CREADNAUGHT
L. O. L. NO. 210.
meets Jn t. O.
O. F. Hall hr;t
and third
MONDAY at
7:T0 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at-
v ter.d.
VYM. T. S.Vi 1 i IAN. W M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Pox J-'iJ. Uisbee.
By C A. VOIGHT
v THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1918.
EIGHT
aty'nefs ' 'cSggOL RETURNS WE BARRED
i kn He ieturn.nl to Iiouslas early last ' " j
Has anyone visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so, call
Tbe Review after 6 p. m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
HERE FROM TOMBSTONE.
County Attorney J. F. Ross is in the
city froin Tombstone for a few days
on business.
DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATE HERE.
R. X. French, candidate for county
attsnir-y on the democratic ticker. us
in the city yesterday from Douglas for
a short visit.
The Lowell P;rer,t-Tea-her associa
tion will aieit this evenins at 7 o'clock
fha i nn-ntl .lunior hitih school. All
wl'O ere interested are invited to a J
tend.
evening.
PFP! CROSS SHOP.
All i'ip ladies who have ever helpe
at tiie lied Cross shop since it he-can
are asked to meet with Mrs. llawiey,
at 7 p. m. on the Y. M. C. A. ien-j
liis court. October 5. Dress in white!
ready to march In the parade.
JFR0M14C0UNT1ES
BEEN RECEIVED!
WHILE INFLUENZA 1
IS LURKING ABOUT
EAGLE THEATER
COMMENCING TOMORROW
MEETING TONiCHT.
e0.N.A.yr.Y- v p prima. i,s of Sept. lo
C .11. oils. III aivuuiu ini iu- .... . - i ,
& S. V.. who was injured about mo
mrnths ago. is leaving today for Kan
Ja. into Hot Springs for a three months
stay, and will return here as soon as
ho recovers. ,
A ban lias been placed on kissing. (
o:ii the ofm e of th? sti'.te ooani
Complete official returns from the
have Dcen re-
. , . f tli a cm'tnlnrv Vlo.lll). nf whil-h I )r (). li. li.OV.tl lo
ceivru ai i. ii? ui in-- ... -
of stats' Tor the democratic noiiun.i-1 me alienor, comes me suuei im n- .
I t'on ifr nove:ior Colter leads Sutter. ; lous cnler'. It makes no ilit'ert nc.
I his nearest opponent by 4.4:51. Judct j whether pe:ple are engaied lo tp lua:
: n f.,r tv,.i iiimii('r:itii nomination ried and haw a perfect l if lit to displa;
lead.-)
HAS BIRTHDAY PARTY.
A birthday party was given Tues-
fur iurtiiR of the sunreiiie coirl.
Franklin by 2.204.
The race for the democratic nom-
affec'ioii in this mu.iner, it i.iu.'t not
be iii'lu'.god in. either upon the lips or
the h:;n.l. unless tiiev are v
i ne ups or )i
willing to jj
he Spanish K
arty was given Tues-I. "e race . i run the risk of contractu. th
day afternoon for C arrol roster ci , M.irVhl' , ,.los(. Johnson lead-' influenza which is making serious
! Torahstcne canyon in honor 01 ner - - leading Ilrad- he.vlvay tnroii;;ho.it the country,
eleventh birthday. The party was, " S1"10.- " i. ti.o hpi ic ' In a de.tei mined effort to prevent
. . t.,u . ner dv ,oi. uuiiii t..'i-
Mr--. i- ti. carv o nnuiu 7-
RETURNS FROM PHOENIX.
Attorney Hod McDonald has return- yhee and much amusement was fum
ed 1:0m Phoenix wheie he has been jsi,ej fCT the little ones.
attending the meeting held there by,
the demociatic state committee, j )s !N FRANCE.
I Mr. and Mrs. Henry Jewell have rc-
ON CAMPAIGNING TOUR. j ceive.i a letter from their son. Cp!.
Jas. M. McDonald and I. C. E. Al-j Krne.-t Jewell, of the 72d aerial ser
ams have left for a campaigning tour ; vj(.e stating that he has recently ar
throus the county for the offices of 1 rjvt.j j France and had a most en
sheriff and county supervisor rcspec-1 j()Vable trip ovet seas. Corporal Jewell
lively. - ! wishes to be remembered to all his
1 friends in the Warrea district.
RETURN FROM VACATION. 1
Roger T. Pelion and family has re-' DEER HUNTERS RETURN,
turnedtfrom California, where they; The many deer hunters who left for
have Vwn onendine their vacation r, chirieahua and Huachuca raoun-
j tains last Saturuay ana sunaay ianeu
1 tn return with any venison. Bisbee
LEAVES FOR CALIFORNIA. (was sorely disappointed, for she ex-
Gerald Sherman left for California pected the famous deer hunters to re
luct Miiniiav nicht to soend a few . tUrn with an over supply after hearing
weeks with his family who have been (their high talk in the district before
there for the past two months.
ATTENTION. LADIES.
during the summer months.
they left for the hunt.
nomination for ate mine inspector u- ii.i:-.. ... .-,,-r....it
aver Foster by only 32'J votes. j Arnoa. Dr. Iirov.n givs th.h :.d-
The complete returns from the state j v': preventive
are as follows: , measures urged by the director of the ,
neprtbeniiiinc v-.. - ... 'state uoam 01 neaiin: 1
Hayden, dem 1 "Wash hands atter shaking hands
7laUdcr-k. rep 4.0:',6 i ilh . , 11Hr..,.,, Dun't ntjrtle
140 ... . .... : ..rt I
j mai puisoii ay minims ii.-.wl
-q : wa.shoo-.vl, but get to one as soon as
looking.
be cireful not to be in frnt of a
oerou i:iiee.niK 01 wwugui.is.
L'se your own drinking cup. Carry It
10.10S
s:.m !
4,790
131
Kobtrtson, soc
Governor
Colter,- dem
Sutter, dem
Osborn, dem
Campbell, rep
Smith, soc
F-r supreme court
Haker, dem
Franklin, dem
ja ne. rep
Morrison, soc. . . . :
Secrttary of state
Simms, dem .
Mnnds, dem l-0:i4
Eddy, soc 146
State auditor
UnvfO rtpni 23.48S
141
.14.479
.12.27r
. 3,Sk?
HI
UII6 im r. 1 t v
.11 i,i;Q uhA tiavo Vnittpd' . v.-m iiov-n 51 fnrtv vears resident of Utto. soc
in iui . ........ ...... - - j . i es
for the Ked Cross are requested to this section, and much of the time ii: j State tra urer
meet at the Dovle house at 7 p. m.,'the employe of the Mexican govern Ross dem ,,'e;,,
. ... , . . . ,.inna , n 1 V'niii'hn ii1 ni li,'."
October 5, wear wane ana carry youi i ment as an uueipic.ti, yiann -- ,
, I . . i . i.i. .i -.,-...(. I. in i lftno nn.
knitting in Uie parade.
itiift n class in SDanish and French in
Bisbee, so he announced to the Re
hIpw vpsterdav. He has several pu
pils already in sight, and if a large
MINER WELL.
- . FT" rnn-An Tn(nAI t Vl f
M r. 1 noillaa i.utri.i, hiuki l -. pus an crauj i r
Copper Queen company, who has been; enough class Is secured will soon open
in the hospital for the last three his class. His postoffice box is 1161,
, t- i . .1. ...1.........I fiini I T. . 1 . . .
wee-KS. nas uern uisuiaipcu ..vi.: iisuee.
same.
LIBERTY BOND FIRST.
On account of the Liberty bond drive
all permanet blind parties have been
discontinued until the 19th of October,
wJien one will be given at the Country
club.
FOOT IS INJUREDR. '
Sam D. Spain miner at the Gardner
shaft, injured his foot last Monday
when at work. The injury was
caused w.en a boulder rolled on his
foot, causing possibly -e fracture.
WARNING TO PARENTS.
Parents in the district are again
unmsii tn spp that their children are
kept eff the streets after 9 o'clock at
night. Several like warnings nave oeen
issued of late and unless these are
heeded by the parents the matter will
hp Hal with severelv. Any child un
der the age of 16 years seen on the j
streets after 9 o'clock will be arrested
nmt the narents Drosecuted if they fail
to take any measures in regard to this
matter.
WRESTLING MATCH MONDAY.
Constantin and Dago Joe will hold
a wrestling match next Monday night
at the Star Theater on Brewery Ave-
Jones, rep "'J'
Middltton, soc 139
Attorney general
Jones, dem ' 15,797
Hawkins, dem 9.622
Loy, dem
Benshimol. rep 3.477
Superintendent of public instruction
Case, dem 23,133
Matthews, rep - 3.S98
Turner, soc I3?
Corporation commissioner
Johnson, dem
Cole, dem.
Brauner, dem: -
Tackett, sec
State mine inspector
with you. Wash the cup frequently.
Sterilize your dishes. Keep clean ::i
every way and keep everything about
ycu clean.
Do not spit on sidewalks or in public
places. Dr. Brow n said there is one very sus
picious case in Phoenix at present. The
person under suspicion of having Span
ish influenza symptoms is a recent ar
rival from .Niagara Falls, X. Y. Dr.
Brown said it is possible this person
brought the germs from some infected
district. A cuiefui examination is be
ing made and he will know definitely
by today whether it is a bona fide
case of Spanish influenza.
Hawkins, 351.
For corporation commissioner
Cole, 354; Johnson. 33S; Bradner. 380.
For st:tte mine inspector Bolin,
520; Fost'.r. 690.
8
i
1 d B
1 mmmL . miMzti :
,1 trjrawj i .i
1 Ummto vt vj-Xmit
ONE OF THE
MOST ASTOUNDING
CYCLONIC SENSA
TICN3 EVER
SCREENED
MOST THRILLING
PRODUCTION OF ALL
TIMES
IN PARTS
A GUARANTEED ATTRACTION -DON'T MISS IT!
f ii V
r : : ! " 1
C E NT R
8.9''9
8.559
8,522
125
Business Locals
MEETING IS CALLED.
A business meeting of the congre-
.: . r .i 1 1 ...I..-.,..!... ..I. li will
gailOU Oi lilt? I icsuiiriinii 'huiiii " at luv SIUI lucaici ui -t
be held this evening at 8 o'clock in the nue, commencing at 8:30 o'clock. The
. . . r 1 ..l, ..... V, Tl. ri mnnt.! . 1. ,,. ... f ! 11 lilt nf thrPP
auuuoriuui ui mc uiunu. .. .n-v . niaict is t mi ti.. .-" ---- 1
ing has been called by the special ses-!wrlh a $200 side bet upon the match. I
sion and all members are urged to bejrjago Jce is widely known, havligj
present. taken part in many athletic stunts
I of the same nature and come out here
FINGERS BADLY LACERATED. from San Francisco especially for this
, - t it.. I...- niitidf ot tiio CynrA . ..i. r.i..i.iT1iin in nf flip Infantry
j-j. o. I m i: .i i .1 iniiiti .- . - - - II 1 tl 1 1 ii . v v.ii.iii.t... - - - . -
w as injured Monday morning, when j stationed at Lowell and is likew ise
two of his lingers were badly lacer well known in the Warren District.
ated. The accident occurred when Mr.
Hensley's hand was caught in be
tween a car and post.
Ttolin. dem 13,b.,t
Foster, dem. 13.307
.lohn F. White, rep 3.S03
PmhI v.. White, soc
The last county to send in official
returns was Mohave, which came in
Monday. They are as follows:
For governor Colter, 549; Osborn,
554; Sutter. 259.
For secretary' of state Munds, 748;
I Simms, 490.
I For judge of supreme court Baker,
! 450; Franklin. 648.
For Ftate treasurer Vaughn, 391;
Ross, 6C6.
For attorney general Jones, CC9;
ROCK HILL'S STAGE
Blsbee-Tombatone, Leaves Blsbeo
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. nu 1:30 p. m. 1
Phone Bisbee 6. Adv.
til rCIl .1.. .. nw ninhl fn, rip & T
, I i iiviiir: uiiv, waj ui ..it,...., iui .
.. l."V, Douthitt. C71
OLD TIMER DIES.
Bob Best, an old timer of the War
ren district, died at his home in Tomb
stone canyon yesterday afternoon at
4 o'clock, after a lingering illness of
minor- consumption. The deceased
has been a resident of Cochise county
WRIST IS SPRAINED.
John Patche of Jiggerville, electri
cal helper at the Sacramento mine.
sprained ma ien i.-i i ui-buj ....v.... uu3 uccu c. i . - . "
he was tripped while walking over ; ror thirty years ana oi oisure iui
the track, causing him to fall on" his past twelve years. He is survived by
hand I a wife residing in this city and by a
i son," Joseph Best, of Tombstone. Mr.
MEETING AT Y. W. C. A. j Best has had charge of the office
There will be a meeting held at the grounds of the copper yueen Alining
. . . 4 .,1 1, . V. - .. .. I K ..iti voara Thp
rnmnnn v for the Dast three years. The
funeral services will be held Friday
afternoon at 2 o'clock from the Palace
rjarlors. the Rev. Harshman of the
v W Uiis evening at 7:30 o cIock
and all women who have any relatives
in the service, either in the navy or
i .- 1 1 .itnril attpttrl AT ri t -
anil are ninuiv m: iu . . . -- , i . .... ... --
ters of interest to all win te aiscussea , atetnoaisi cnurcn, uniumuusi
and a large attendance is expected.
' LYRIC CHANGES PRICES.
HAS RECEIVED PROMOTION. The management of the Lyric pic-
Mr and Mrs. Jesse Yoakum of War-1 ture show announces a change n
ren have received a letter from theii I prices, taking place today. The ten
,i Ftnil Rtatimr that he has been j cent seats downstairs will be fifteen
Droinoted to the rank of first lieuten- j cents hereafter, including war tax, and
films than have been shown in the
past. The manager assured the Re
vipw that he would henceforth show
the Paramount and Lasky and Art-
craft films from now on, anu mis
means that his patrons will see such
stars as Douglas rairbanka. .viar
Pickford. Charlie Chaplin and all the
rest of the galaxy in the first flight ot
filmdom in first releases.
ant. Emil is at present stationed
Camp Jackson, S. C
GOES TO TOMBSTONE.
Defuty Sheriff Percy Bowden pass-
the five cent seats upstairs raised
to ten cents, and a five cent raise in
the reserve seats, too. This change
made imperative by the decision
to secure higher class and more costly
TO PREPARE BALLOTS.
A. C. Karger of Tombstone, clerk of
the board of supervisors, has received
word from the secretary of state to
prepare the ballots Tor the coming
general election and what shall be
placed thereon. In addition to the va
rious candidates, the people will vote
on four amendments to the constitu
tion, as follows: Workingman's insur
ance bill, representation in" the state
lPETislatnre. sale and lease of state
lands and limiting also of agricul
tural and grazing lands. A referendum
ordered by the legislature authorizing
the state to let state contracts by eith
er contract or day labor. Referendum
petitions to amend the gaming law
and also the red light abatement act.
Referendum proposed by initiative pe
tition restoring the death penalty, con
cerning anti-vaccination and the lease
of state lands.
ftp Tl a ufo It- I lutuinnrti IS 1 a Afin
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue ft 47
Adv. 231
FOR SALE
One four room bungalow, modern,
completely furni.shtul, near Vista park.
Warren. A bargain. C. II. Hogan,
phone 121, office below Copper Queen
hotel. S3ti
Neat patterns and excellent ma
terials will be found In the 200 men's
dress shirts that we are putting on
sale Saturday at J 1.45. Kobey's, op
posite postoffice. 6S2
L. U Oilman sella the New Edison,
the pbonojraph with a soul."
Dancing every Monday and Friday
evening at Pythian hall on O. K. street.
Lucky spot dancing, and prize waltz.
652 MRS. SALES.
DANCE.
C. A. Band Dance, Warren Pari..
Wednesday and Saturday. Admmls
slon F0 cents. Ladies free. Adv. 740
Painter and Paper Hanging
C.J. BRANDT
TODAY
AL TK
Continuous, 6:45 to 11
EATEft
TODAY
; - : V
. i i -
i- 1" '
trr
BEJ$I BAB.RI5CAI-E.
M MAPAM WHO
J ABalt lArj I
PARALTA PRESENTS
Bessie Barriscale
in an adptation of Karold
McGrath's famous book
"MADAME
1(1"
w ii u
Dripping Fog. Black House.
Eleven mzsked men inside. Master
minds of enemies' secret service.
Crash through ceiiing, girl spy trap
ped. Masked men decide penalty.
Legal marriage to one of eleven un
known husband. Mad rider teainj
across country, two divisions sur
render, their fate who knowt
MADAME WHO?"
MSTERY Clanking
MYSTERY Gasping
MYSTERY Twanging
Aiso:-BICKLE COMEDY
ADMISSION
15 and 25c
and tobacco, etc,
night.
109
at all ;iours day or
WM. TRUAX. SR.
Box 150
Phone 456
FOR SHERIFF
I hereby announce myself as an In
dependent candidate for the office of
sheriff of Cochise county, subject to
the will of the voters at the fall elec
tion, to be held on November the 5th.
1918.
ssBsssssssssslsissssssss) MS
NOTICE TO MINERS AND OTHERS
I have bought the cigar stand in the
English Kitchen and will sell cigars
FRANK BRIGGS.
I promise If elected an efficient and
impartial administration. 763
DAIRY STOCK
For Sale
29 head choice milch cows
" HOLSTEIN
They can be seen at the Warren
ranch, 2 miles south of Bisbee. Mr.
Holmes, living on the ranch, will
show the stock to anyone Interested.
Call or phone 145. 490
ILT A PI
today LYRIC THEATE
CONTINUOUS, 1 to 11 P. M.
TODAY
METRO PICTURES CORP. PRESENTS
ANNA Q. NILSSON and FRANKLYN FARNM
Supported by an all Star Cast in
Igement Of"
A thrilling drama of present day life
"VOD VIL MOVIES"
Introducing HERMAN THE GREAT, RIVA LARSON TROUPE, HAPPY HARRI
SON and TROUPE, and many other acts
"STARS AND STRIPES"
A big "V" Comedy
"k Jud
EVERY hundred dollar BOND makes a HUN dread more.
BALCONY: , 10c; LOWER FLOOR, 15c; RESERVED SEATS, 25c. THIS IN-
CLUUL5 WAR 1 A A
SRAND Theater
FORMERLY ORPHEUM
Continuous from 1:00 to 11:00 p. m.
T-O-D-A-Y
HELEN GIBSON and RAYMOND NYE
"THE BRANDED IAN"
I
A BIG DRAMA OF THE BIG WEST
also
JUANITA HANSON and JACK MULLHALL
In the first episode of
"THE BRASS BULLET"
and
A Jingling Comedy
"THE BELLES OF LIBERTY"
Admission: Balcony, 5c; Lower Floor, 10c;
Including War Tax
TODAY ONLY
1?
Theater!
CONTINUOUS, 1 TO 11
PATHE PRESENTS
BESSIE LOVE
"The Great Adventure
(From the Story, "The Painted Scene" by Henry
Kitchell Webster)
AN IRRESISTIBLY CHARMING, SPARKLING
COMEDY DRAMA
Also, Wolfville Story
"CYNTHIANA"
(By Henry Alfred Lewis of Saturday Evening Post)
Bickle Comedy
ADMISSION:
Children, lCc Adults, 15c 'Reserved, 25c
This includes war tax.
i Everything New OPPOSITE DEPOT Everything First Cass
I U. S. A. HOTEL
j The Most Centrally Located Hotel in Bisbee. Phone Green 46C
! ROOMS PY DAY, WEEK OR MONTH
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
1