WEATHER
iV 7V
Tuesday unsettled
probable showers, cool
cr, Wednesday cloudy
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL. 21, NO. 106.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1918.
PRICE FIVE CLNTS.
IP HI Jill
'jjft
wiimm 0 HMwm wnmm ummm s rarest,
4
A
f
i
Is-
j
NO OTHER
POSSIBLE
PRESIDENT TO
Alsace Lorraine Must Go Back
cf Those Who Thought President Might Win on Battlefield
but Lose in Diplomacy Against Trained Diplomats of Old
World; Tumulty Gives Statement in Which He Says Quar
ter of Million Men With Their Supplies Will Be Overseas
Each Month and There Will Be no Let-up in Pushing War
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1 4. President Wil son has an
swered Germany's peace proposal with a decision which not
only fulfills the expectations of supporters of diplomacy, but
also dispels the fears of those who predicted he would substi
tute victories at arms with defeats at diplomacy.
No peace with kaiserism, autocracy must go; no armis
tice can even be thought of while Germany continues her atro
cities on land and sea; one cannot be considered, unless it fully
is dictated by the allied commanders in the field, in such terms
as absolutely provide safeguards and guarantees that Ger
many's part will not be a scrap of paper; this, in a few words,
is the president's answer.
If it does not bring a capitulation, which may be more
than an unconidtional surrender, allied diplomats and Ameri
can officials believe it may cause a revolution in Germany.
Bevond question, it speaks for the entente as well as the
United States. " "Tr l ZJ j
. tl j: .fu f i : j i. 1 fii 1 1 .1 '
wt uwuqiui Ul U1C UICSiUCIH a ICUiV WeUS IUIIUWCU UV Uie
issues of the following formal statement by Secretary Tu -
multv
y ' 'm
i The government will continue to send over 250,000
men with their supplies every month and there will be no re
laxation of any kind."
Quite outside of the formal phrases' 7
of a diplomatic document, that was'
President Wilson's word to the world
that he had no thought of stopping the,
fighting at this stage, the senate cham-j
ber rang with applause of senators asi
the president's answer was read a
few minutes after it had been an
nounced at the state department. Sen
ator Lodge, the president's chief critic
in his course until today, issued a
statement expressing his gratification
at the president's decision. Opinion
throughout Washington was unani
mous in approval.
Note Is Delivered
.,
The official text which will convey
the president's decision to the German
ffnvopnmant anil i rtra lmnm-ta.it trt
C u . 1 u 111. u b ..111, UIUJ V, 1 1 1 1 1 lull L, 1
the German people, was delivered to-,
day by Secretary Lansing to thei
charge of the Swiss legation, who has'
been acting as the Intermediary. Itj
was given out publicly by Mr. Lansing'
at the state department at 6 o'clock I
this evening. I
One outstanding point which do-s
noc appear in the president's note a
point on which the world has been
asking questions can be answered to
night When the president declared,
that th wrong done to France when
Germany took Alsace-Lorraine, should
be righted, he meant that Alsace-Lorraine
should be returned to France.
Tbose who contend the president's
decision arranges the situation for'
something more than unconditional
surrender base It en the argument
that be has passed the stage where hei
might have accepted a surrender of
the German military and naval forces!
and left the Hohenzollern autocracy
on its throne.
Must Oust Kaiser j
Mr. Wilson, according to this view,.
has finally informed the German peo
ple that if they want peace they can
only attain it by getting rid of the
kaiser and his system. An armistice.
It Is true, might come first and the
details of the downfall of the German
autocratic government might be ar
ranged later. But, this is what an
armistice would entail:
First: a stop of the atrocities on
land and sea and the systematic de-
(Contlnued on Page Two)
NACO FIRST "OVER
The first locality in the southern the quota this week. There must be
district of Cochise county to go "over '"tense individual interest, every per
the top" is Naco. Their quota of ! son who can take another bond should
j, l go to the banks and do so todav. Ev-
$17,000 was passed on Liberty day, ; ery pprson wllo ,.an ,,olll)ll, ni; fim
Saturday the 12th. I subscription should respond. If any
The Warren district needs a L'Oodlv
number of repeaters in subscriptions ;
to the fourth Liberty loan to make
This Is the
INTERPRETATION
FOR NOTE SENT
IS
BY
GERMAN EMPIRE
to France; Note Dispels Fearj
CHOICE OF TWO
ALTERNATIVES
SAYS WILSON
r 'J .
President
Declares That
Hesitate in! Over-Subscribing
Liberty Loan Will Mean
Losing Much
(Pv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14. After
writing his reply to the German
peace offer. President Wilson to
night, in a formal statement to the
American people, renewed his urg
ent request for support of the
fourth Liberty loan. "Relaxation
now, hesitation now, would mean
defeat when victory seems to be in
sight; would mean years of war in
stead of peace upon our own
terms," said the president.
Coincident with the president s
statemen, the treasury department
announced that with but five days left
in the fourth loan campaign half of
the tC,0(K).OuO,000 total remains to be
subscribed.
That means the country mit invest
nearly $1,000,000,000 a day in bonds
from now until Saturday midnight,
when the three weeks' drive ends. !
Subscriptions officially reported to
the treasury department now tatal
only J2.79S.419.950, but officials were
confident that reports yet to be made
on today's subscriptions would carry
this total above the .$3,000,000,000
mark.
The Minneapolis district claims the
(Continued on Page Two)
ier-on in the district has not vet Riih.
scribed ho should not wait to "be seen
by any member of the working com- i
Last Day for
AIRPLANE BULLETS
NEW YORK, Oct. 14. Bullets
frtui a machine pun pivsumed to
ha-e been inadvertently I hod
from an army airplane in flight,
killed one soldier and wounded
three others as the men were drill
ing in formation today at Camp
Mills. L. I.
WilliSm II. Hall, private. Mc
Leansboro, lils., died lrom a
wound in the head.
URGES PEOPLE
TO WORK ID
GIVE MONEY
BUSINESS MEN TO BE MADE INTO
COMMITTEE TO VISIT PEOPLE !
AND OBTAIN SUBSCRIPTION ' '
FOR LieERTY LOAN TO PUT DIS-J
TR1CT OVER THE TOP jj
(By
DALLAS
ly request
text of the letter 3ent your Liberty
loan organizer today. The central ex
ecutive Liberty loan committee for j
mis leoerui uisinti nave luuay ucciu
cd that the Liberty loan situation calls
for some great unparalleled effort and
appoint neiit Wednesday the 16th as
the day on which you are called upon
to draft the best business men in the
whoie of your section including many :
ihn o ra tint ty r - iinrvir u- mi v, tut it i . !
mittee, to make a salts drive which
snail reacn eveiy man and woman in ,
vmir territory r per.lless nf hn!i,:
jthev have DL" approached and have
subscribed. The object of th drive
is to prove that we are worthy of the
: president's trust. Pledge the prr side -,t
with your money, your tii'ie and ycur
high devotion to duty. Let us go over
the t(.p and stay on top. Do it now. j
W. F. IiOUGEY, 'j
Federal Reserve Agent, Dallas. '
CALL ON COMMUNITY i
DALLAS, Texas, Oct. 13. The obii-i
gations resting upon the patriotic citi-'
zens was never greater than now. It ',
may be assumed that recent events '
mark the beginning of the end and
that we may reasonably hope some-
time or somehow for a peace with huu-;
; or; if the American people do their
i duty and show that their dollars and
j their hearts are with the government.
j Any letup at this time in subscriptions '
j or any possible failure of the pending
q Liberty loan offered would be a calatn-
lty. i
The eyes of the world are on Amer- j
ica. We are now undergoing the final j
and supreme test of whether wo de
serve to truly win
Th's district in '
the other campaigns has done nobly.
It can now lss than at nv other time
durinc the war afford to do less than '
! its whole duty. To fail to make r.ur ;
quota will be' equivalent to desertion;
of our great president and turning j
our back on a great cause.
! There are some inducements now to i
subscriptions that we have not had
heretofoie while iiono cf us ever i
;. doubted that we would win, it was not!wus peily eimuu am. oi u,e
until our brave American boys were in I
action and the weight oP American!,
arm8 was felt that certain victory
came into sight. Before that it was
feared that the contest would be long
drawn out. any victory loug defended.
Now It is in sight if we do our duty
and sustain the nrKirint nnin It is
i aa ctrtain ag anytUills; cau be that
, wjln the (let.l3ralion cf peace the
lbonds now oUvreA must K0 to a ptvnl.
ju:u from a finalicia, standpoint. The
advant.. ia ErP.,tfr than it has ever
been from a patriotic standpoint. The
call is stronger than ever as a matter
of self preservation. The duty is both
imminent and supreme.
I have confidence and faith in the
people of this great district under the
leadership of Mr. Hoopes. In other
campaigns they have demonstrated
their willingness to co-operate to the
fullest and I know they will not fail
now. Do not be misled on deceived
with the belief that the prospect cf
peace makes your duty less, supreme
(I'nntlmifr. on Page Two)
THE TOP"
i mittees, but to go to the bank and
; place his name among the army of
"the second line of defense" at once
and help our boys keep the kais;
nnd his horde of (!etructionists on the
move toward the Rhine and hasten an
iin,-,nwliii -nnl etirrnlnr onrl ft,.. ,,
elusion of the war. DON'T FORGET, '
DON'T DELAY, DO IT TiDAY
Registration of Voters.
Samuel M. Lowry, Iw-uteiiant,
Summit, Pa., was shot in the arm.
William II. Bi veils, piivate,
Avon, Ills., was shot in thr back.
l.'-wis, J. Simmons, private, Dan
ville, Ills., was wounded bv a bul
let. The army and aviation authori
ties had not succeeded late today
in identifying the airplane. Ob
servers reported seeing an air
Crowd Buys $52,000,000
In Bonds, Witnesses Two
Launchings of New Ships
NEW YORK, Oct.' II. Cheered by high officials of the United States
shipping board, diplomatic representatives of the 22 allied nations and
and several hundred citizens who had just subscribed $52,00u.ouo in Lib
erty bonds at a sensational "auction" conducted by Charles M. Schwab,
dire'rr general of the Kmergencv Fleet corporation, the fabricated car
go vessels "Allies" and "Consort" wer,, launched today at the Subma
rine Boat Corporation's Newark shipyard.
The launching of the vessels, named M- Mrs. Woodrow Wilson, was j
a pert cf the "Allies IWy" program cf ie fourth Liberty Loan cam- (
pai-i r.nJ followed a luncheon tendered the diplomats by the Fifth Ave-
nue association at which Jr. Schwab conducted his "sale" of 22 un-
built cergo ships. '
J1ISSI MONITOR
SHELLS OSTEND
NOW REPORTED
Sirong Advance Results in
Capture of Many Towns
and Thousands of Prisoners
in Belgium
(V.y Review Leased Wire)
WITH THE BRITISH AUMY IN
FRANCE. Oct. 14, (By the Associ
ated Press.) There are further
evidences that the Germans are re
treating from the Belgium coast.
Their stores are being moved from
Ostend and Bruges, extraordinary
efforts being made to get all their ( asserted that the I'boat menace to
nmterials away from the rear of Jiday is "greater than it ever was."
the front cf attack; but the quanti
ties are so vast, because they were
originally put there when the Ger
mans had hopes of breaking
through and driving for the coast,
that the enemy is now experiencing
great difficulty in saving his sup-
i(ij,s ; i
More fires have been started by the j
Germans, especially in Thourout and
in the neighborhood of Corteruanck, mat can be rendered by tiie civilians
,..! .,! ,f ,nL .ml fion.al"' tne t'nited States today charged
... ' ... .... . !
now cover the country for miles.
The enemy appears to have fought
well, particularly during the early
stages of the attack and in one in
stance Bavarian troops even penetrat
ed the British barrase and used their
machine ;;uns. This situation, however,
enemy troops were Kineu.
1.!" hoviih . t , j
T,he battle continues tonight under
German resistance has been broken, it will d feat as they have defeated
still is being offered quite heavily I every other effort of the enemy. But
here and there along the front, fori that defeat can be assured only If
the enemy realizes the seriousness of; "'is need Is recognized and the wants
another allied victory here. The Ger-1 of te wo navies supplied, as I am
man flank is steadily being turned , sllre t,ie I'nited States and Great
and undoubtedly it the allied success i ,1ri!ai intend they shall be."
continues Lille will fall. I Discussing Germany's submarine
The British are using masses of ar-i niena(e- sir Eric sai'':
tillery which, ai in recent baMes, is j "Indeed, it Is greater today than It
moving with the infantry and has been I over waa Thi" ,s ' sav- th fffrt
poinding the boche rear and retreat-i is Rreater than it ever was. I think
ing lines steadily all day. Tonight 1 ,10"' we. are apreaching a point where
the British artillerv fire continues ,u. "Ubmaririe warfare is again the weak
rlously. I front of the allies."
BRITISH HEADQUARTERS IN
HEADQUARTERS IN
FLANDERS, Oct. 14. ( Reuter's.) The
Belgians made excellent progress to
day and up to 2 o'clock this afternoon
had taken Winkel St. Eloi and Bosch
I molens, and had reached nearly two
kilometers west of Iseghem. Thou
sands of prisoners and several com
plete batteries of guns were captured,
j Although the advance is bringing
the allies within easy range of the
coast batteries, not a gun has been
ired from them. It is rumored here ;
he entrance of Osten raoiiunununu
that a British monitor steamed to the .
entrance of Osten harbor and heavily I
bombed the enemy positions. '
BRITISH BREAK THROUGH
WITH THE BRITISH ARMY IN
FRANCE. Oct. 14. (Bv the Assorted
Press.) The British in their attack in
FI-'"(K'r today approached
Courtrai.
iContlntifvl fin F'ar Twni
SHATTER
plane in the neighborhood flying,
very high and which had come
from the ocean side 01 the inland.
It was the theory of the aridliiii
officers that the aiplane while
engaged in target practice, sud
denly dipped, thus unintentionally
directing a stream of bullets
earthward. A militaiy board of in
quiry was appointed to investigate
the shooting.
BRITAIN URGES
AMERECA TO BE
IN MUCH HASTE
'Sir Eric Geddes Asks That Na
tion Hasten Building
Anti-Submarine Boats
All Kinds
i.V.y Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. Oct. H An appeal
from the Britiih government to
America to expedite the construction
of destroyers and anti-submarine
I craft and appliances, was made hera
I tonight by sir Eric Ge.ldes. first lord
S'cf the British admiralty, after he had
Speakir.3 at a dinner given by the
I Pilgrim society. Sir Eric said that
i within the past few days Vice Ad
! miral Sir Ludovir Duff of the British
' navy had discussed the naval situa
tion in all its bearinns with Secretary
Daniels and Admiral Benson and that
complete unity of view had been
; reached
I "It- 4 iviS !r rtMiiipU full ran.
currenre that ," now make this state.
merit, that there ! r.j sr service
with thiU Privilege and duty, than to
expedite the output of destroyers
and anti-submarine craft and appli
ances of every description," sair Eric
said.
"No country within my knowledge
responds like America to an appeal,
and fhere is no greater need today
than the need for the utmost naval
, v. k "Il,"e
. tear ine which is now ma-
V . . Wct lr r-r,c
sani inai wnne lie must resist ne
temptation to allude to the present
political situation there were two
things which he was convinced had
not changed.
"One is our absolute lovaltv to
I those nations who are associated with
ns," he said, "and the other is our
determination to continue the" war
and not tie diverted from our purpose
until we have secured the only pence
i wh'rli conl.l instifv all this terrlhlp
suffering nnd destruction whir l! had
,,,, u 1,-imr brought about through
t!, i,,iiiitv nt n,ir ,.,,,i,i r,n.v
-rn ono'thlno- I am i Tcir We must
v r,.;lx inc nmsrles of our fighting
tu rn nor our war effort In nirv antiei-
p;iuuii oi no eariy peace. io no so
would be the surest way to render
any discussions which mav take place
prolonged nnd less satisfactory."
Sir Eric reviewed British naval i
H!itimitM on Tage Kiyro
Every Good
1900 DEAD :0f
HORDE 1ST ALLIED
H HOLOCAUST!
AREA OF FIFTY SQUARE MILES
SWEPT OVER BY FLAMES AND
WHOLE FAMILIES INCINERATED
AS THEY SEEK SAFETY IN ANY
SORT OF DEPRESSION
300 BODIES ARE FOUND
MOST OF THEM CHARRED SO BAD
LY THAT RECOGNITION IS IM
POSSIBLE AND HUNDREDS OF
FRANTIC SEARCHERS EXAMINE
- LONG ROWS WITHOUT RESULT
(By Review Leased Wire)
DCLUTH, .Minn., Oct. 14. In
formation reaching here tonight
from fire-swept northeastern Min
nesota tended to confirm reports
that nearly 1,000 persons lost their
lives in the forest fires of Satur
day and Sunday in this section.
At Moose Iake ana vicinity alone
the death list is expected to reach
500.
Reports from other districts are ex
pected to swell the totals. There is
little danger of the flames breaking
out afresh If weatiier conditions hold.
A slight wind is blowing off Lake
Superior and w!-.atever tires are re
vived will be blown back over burned
sections.
In the vicinity of Cass Lake, the
western edi;e of the fire zone, the
wind trwiht revived and the fires
started again. However, the town
was believed not to be in any imme
diate danger.
Officials suiJ at least 24 hours
more will be required before an ac
curate fieure can be placed on the
loss of life and porperty. Every hour
brings additional bodies to the
morgues at Moose Lake. Cloquet. Ait
ken and Duluth. Relief workers are
just beginning to learn the full ex
tent of the damage. Latest advices
tell of the destruction of 21 towns and
devastation of nearly loo square 'mi'.es
of timber and farm land.
Duluth's overcrowded morgues to
dav presented a pitiful scene of ac
tivity. During the day hundreds of
persons passed from one undertaking
establishment to another in search of
missing relatives or friends. In the
majority of cases identification was
accomplished.
Petween I.awler and Moose Ilie.
where the fire raged fiercest, heaps
of bodies ar, being found. Thirty
bodies were found in one root cellar.
In the direction of Cloquet. IS
bodies h:u! been found tonight and
rescuers believe more than loo oth
ers stil are in the neighborhood.
Near Carlton, IS were recovered to
tiav from the ruins of a school house.
Tile monetary loss at Cloquet. ac
cording to the estimafe of business
men of that city, us S12.000.0o0. No
estimate can be made of the loss i
other sections.
General Rhinow said tonight rescue
work is progressing as rapidly us
possibly and that all injured will be
cared for before tomorrow morning.
Barred by the military authorities ;
from leaving the city, they wanderer '
between long lines of bodies in the im- i
provised morgues here, searching for j
loved c.nes who have not been Heard j
from since the fores.t fire laid waste i
(Continued on face Five)
Notes Have No Bearing
On Liberty Loan, Declares ,
President in Statement
WASHINGTON. Oct. It. Pres
ident Wilson today issued this
statement on the fourth Liberty
loan.
"The reply of the German gov
eminent to my note of inquiry,
dated October S. civrs occasion
tor me to say to my fellow coun
trymen mat replv nor any
recent events have Pi nnv
ither
wav
diminished the ital imnnrtanc
cf the I ibertv loan. Relaxation
now. he-ii;ati n now, would mem
defeat w hen victory seems to be
in sight, wou'd mean years of war
instead of peace i'pon our own
terms.
"1 earnestly reii'iiM every
Citizen Should Register
FEME IS
n
EPLY
I
to mm
BRITISH, FRENCH AND BELGIANS
START NEW DRIVE IN BELGIAN
FLANDERS WHICH MENACES
HUN HOLD UPON LILLE AND
SURROUNDING COUNTRY
!
SUBSTANTIAL GAINS
LAON AND ENTIRE ST. G03AIN
MASSIF NOW IN HANDS OF
FRENCH; AMERICANS FACE
VICIOUS RESISTANCE ON BOTH
SIDES OF MEUSE RIVER
UNDATED WAK LEAD. By
the Associated Presa.) Peace
talk pervadps the air. but is fall
ine on deaf ears as far as the
armies in the field are concerned,
ftistead of a relaxation in the in
tensity of the fighting, new hos
tilities on what seemingly Is a
major sale arc being carried out
hv the British. French and Bel
cians in Belgian-Flanders.
Having chared out the old Laon
; salient and made advances northward
in Champagne which are menacing
I the retirement of the Germans east
IwarJ toward the Yalencier.nes-.Mezie-j
res-Met:: line. General Koch has or
dered a drive in the Lys river reiion
;cf Flanders toward GVnt. w.iich
j threatens to break entirely the grip
I of the Germans in Belgium aB the
j way from ihe fron'ier to the co.wt
jar I likewise to eliminate the big
fculg in the line with Lille as its
j apex.
While the latest official communl
! cation from Field Marsha' Haie an
i uounces that only local actions have
I taken plr.ee in the new theater and
jteat prisoners have been taken
j the fighting, dispatches from head
quarters assert tilat Roulers has been
j capture and that Courtrai. tha junc
! lion poir.t on the railway leading to
Ghent, has been outranked. The
. French troops alone are said to have
! taken C.000 prisoners, while the Bel
gians have C3ptured several complete
batteries and guns and numerous
rrisoners. just hew wide the new
front nf attack is has not become ap
parent. It Is stated that the new ad
vance has brought the a'iied troops
j wi'hin range of the enemy coast de
fenses, but that the guns from them
have offered no opposition.
; Meantime, in the south the Ger
mans are offering stiff opposition o
, the British southwest of Valenciennes
find on the Solesmes sector in an en-
I' deavor to prevent the closing in of
t'i Lille salient and the cpature of
this important town and also Valen
ii iennes. which are in precarious posl
! tions as a pincer movement gets well
under way.
i At la-;t renorts the Germans still
i were falling back from the region of
1 I ann. that town and the entfre St.
Gnbian massif being In thp hands of
: the French. In Champagne the Frettcli
; have been enabled to make further
' crossing of the Aiane and materially
; to better their front eastward, not
' withstanding the stoic defense of the
i enemy, who realizes 't is of the great-
est importance to hold back th
j French and Americans driving north
ward, as a breach in the southern
ICont1rtM on Pae Flvel
patriotic American to leave to
the governments of the I'nited
States and the allies the mo
mee'eus discissions initiated by
Germany and to remember that
for each man his duty Is to
trengthen the hands of thes
governments and to do it in the
most ' Important way now imme
ditealv presented now by suh
scrib'ng to the utmost of his abil
ity for bonds of the fourth Lib
erty loan. That loan must be
successful. I am sure that the
American people will not fail to
se,. their duty and make it successful." TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1918.
WILSON'S ANSWER
"UNCONDITIONAL
i
'trolled ths' German nation," says the ernnient of tne Lnited Mates nor, tie
president's reply, " is of the sort here Is tiuite sure, the governments wiUi
described.. It ia uithin the choice of which the government of the United
'thai r.m an n,...nia tn alto,, it" Thp lai.n Iq ausorbitHri ns a belliEerentl
SURRENDER" FOR HUN president's words, just quoted, natur-will consult to consider an armistice,
ally constitute a condition precedent so long as the armed forces of Ger-j
to peace if peace is to come by tue ac-many continue tne illegal ana liuiu-
tiim of the German people themselves, mane practices which tliey still per
struction and devastation in the wake The PrefWent let Is bound to say that flat in. .,,,,
Ilia wnoie process 01 peace win, in ma al iur .rij mur; mm .v.
judgment, depend upon the definite government approaches the povern
ness and the satisfactory character of nient of the luited States with pro
its submarines are en-
ie naspencer ships at
(Continued from Fas On)
of the retreating German armies.
Second: The disarmament of all ths
" ' Ttiti c-iiurantooA a-j.iph ran ha fivn in nnKnis of neaee i
and munitions at points to be . . -
tnis lunuamcmai matter. 11 is inais- gageu in siuum
ADDED 10 THE LIST
UnilCM7Jl UIPTIMC
SILULilLH IIUUIMU
' quotas today included Kansas iCty,
i where tia.uuo individuals are bond
'buyers; t hattauooK. Tenn.; Cinciii-
nati, Charleston,
j and Johnson V
lai.u u.iuas reported innueiua ndiiipc
lllri saits.
in, H. C; Joplin, Mo.; .i
City, Tenn.; St. Louis i
oiled intlueiua hamper- j J
I TT TT T 1
now Fiucn
...... . . i . ..... i...... I, a r
pensable tnat tne governmeius againsi sea ana not me sjnps .nunc, uu-. .
Germany should know beyond perad- very boats in which their passengers
venture with whom they are deal- and crews seek to make their way to I
ing. isatety; ana in tneir pre.eui emuncu,
withdrawal from Flanders ana ranee i
the German armies are pursuing a .
of wanton destruction wiiicn ;
di-
OVER FIVE HUNDRED CASES NOW
IN THE COUNTY WITH THE
WARREN DISTRICT QUOTED AS
HAVING OVER FOUR HUNDRED
Exposes New Chancellor
This pronouncement, the president's
friends say, fulfills the predictions of course
arms and munitions at
chosen by the allied military com
mancer.
Third: The occupation by allied
forces of certain German ;cities cr
strongholds of strategic importance.
Probably also the occupation of ail
submarine bases, a turning over of the
u .. """""I..': h kIwavs been regarded as in
in snort, it wouiu email a tamiis-iuo . ,uua ..w...-,. . violation of the rules and prao-!"B " f"t as the county and city
from Germany of everything with ply to lTince Mas. he was laying Uie rert .ioia tion ol te rules an i I ,.iUh ailtnorltieg woul(1 liK0 to have
which she might break her word to .oundations of proof that the new tlcea of itj a.,j in fact the di;!ease is spread.
an armistice. government of Germany is no less au- " 'f thev Lon'ain not on y '" So far tnere nave been repoiie.l
From that point the United States tocratic than'the governments of lor- "Wid f il "fy very inhabit ' : tc the county health otiicer 43'J cai.
and the allies might proceed W dis ner chancellors and for a final state out often , of tneir er "namu n . . r
many cannot be expected to agree to a.'lhere have been fifty-eight cases re-
. . . ,,n -;. rit irma anika an n fii in- i - - i - -
it befoie. as President Wilson in J:is eminent stanus oetween teem ana i:ie """r" "., ,,a ,desoation i i ucre wele "o dtatns on Saturday out
note plainly invites them to do. which they fervently desire, hmuanity, W.'t,n JJ V yesterday there were four added to the
Lays Personal Biame lMs. the president's triends say, ha are J" . iiBt and there are now from eight to
While nowhere in the note does the been the whole tueory ot his diplo- -"" "i-" " "
ih rAn iMtnr.1 "It is netessao't also
n ; a r i.;11Lr,i nion ti th Herman nmmlA th nisilvps A
yUJSO K)L all 11. at IfUiaiiltTU XJi nouatiirm w -
H the Gern.au people have not done mat notning uut iiieir auiovrauc gov
tresident openly join with the entente macy.
statesmen in the demand that tiie' 'i'he next move in
The epidemic of Spanish influenza
in the Warren district is not improi-
i ten moie cases of piicutujniu that
in order that have developed from the diseases and
some ct these aie in a uangeious c.u
"chief criminals" must be delivered up national drama now is expected to " - r.iitpnt diti&n and further deaths are looked
for trial, the president's confidants take place in Germany while the arm- "B ca ,he gS,'
point out that he plainly subscribes ies of the co-belligerents thunder at "hcuM foh?n nly " , nt, m the record or deali.s of the past
to the doctrine tisat the guilt of bring- her gates. Dispatches are agreed that of the 7m"'J r Y'' " D "r tv.enty-four hours there have bee.
ing on the world war is personal. what must come from Germany now is :'"Pua- anu iA( h tUV German : sou,,! exceedingly sorrowful cases.
It will be noted that the president action, not words. , the terms of pe ace w h.h Le u e";Mr4i a Whitehuist, who died yester-
Text of Note
completely rejects the German sug-
The text of the president's answer contained in the address of the pre-
the Fourth of July, last. j
"It is as follows:
day morning at the C. & A. hospital.
was the mother of a baby born Sunday
morning that aiso died. S. II. Night,
who died at the hospital, leaves a wife
am! r.iuht ir.:il! children, all r,f whom
"'The destruction of every arbitrary a(HJ at tho home sjck wih tne (lisease.
)ver anyv.here than can separately, ,
it
scrs. ana warns. i
that tiiiiess they destroy
armies will do so.
Must Change Government
One of the most important point?
in his note is that in which he ac
ta;
ercmeut
gesuoa for a m.xea commission to ar
range au eivacuation and reminds the follows:
miii-.aris!.s that taey will accept the sir: In reply to the communication
terms laid down bv Marshal Foch and of the German government dated the
the associated commanders: that they 12th instant, which you handed me to-
will have no cart in framing thtm. He day, 1 .have the honor to request you power anyv.here t!ian can scparatei , K;hol the liu,e 7-e;ir.1)irt daughter of
malies it rla n'he does not accept the to transmit the following answer: secirtly and ot .is single cnoioe Qis ; y Bums of Opera Drive, (lied last
new German government, headed by "'iho unquaiified acceptance by the tnrb the peace of the world; or. if itjfcV2,.jils jIer motm.r ti iort lust July
Chancellor ilax as anything less auto-present. German government and by a can not he presently -destroyed, at,alld tlle fatnPr js now seriously ill
era ic anyth'xi" 'ess a creature of large mijcritv of the reichstag of the least its reduction to virtual mipot-; vjln the disease. The ether death
German militarism, than its prtdeoes- umisMaid down by the president of ency. The power which has hitherto j that was of Jonn Haley.
and warns. the Geiman people the United States ot America in nis coiuroneu iua uei.u uai.un ur. huih, tne county neaun onice.-.
tho allied address to the rongress of tho united sort nere aescnueu. n is iuuu mc ; wn() Was taKen down witn tbe disease
States on the eighth of January, litis, rjjoice ot tne uerman nauou iu ane-i , on Krtuay, was able to be dowi-towu
and in his subsequent addresses, justi- it.'" ;yesterlay for a short time and hopes
lies the president in making a frank The president's words, just quoted, j to i,e aoie to be on duty today at thi
and direct statement of his decision r.aiuiauy consuiuie a cuuumuu o examine tne men wno are caii-
jwltdges the present German gov- with regard to tne communication or ceueia iu (jc-oec, n. KU lui ie. m. iiuiKe-, u-3 uau u supm
mi'iualified acceptance of the German government ot me m ana oy uie mnuu w -"c r-r-aujm, "- i j-
. .. 1.1.1. r,..K..- t homaolvpa Th nrosidcmt feels bound i tvnbiv for a uhnrl while
ii's peace terms ana men goes on 10 i.m w luu. . , u.o. , . - --- --
."J ,,., f(.rm r.rovide sneci "It must be clearly understood that to say that the whole process of peae , Dr. Hunt yesterday received tfm fol-
u-. ...:.. t . ;io tirnross .f evacuation and the will, in his judgment, depend upon tlie iouing telegram from Dr. Lrovn
erameit wholh- responsible to the Ger- conditions of an armistice are n.at- definiteness and the satisfactory char-j8ute health officer:
man people themselves for the pwent ters which must be left to the judg- acter of the guarantees which can H riioenix Ariz
one dominated by the German mi.i ment and advice of theniilitar ad g .ven , thl ,-el ma er , October 14. 1-18.
tarists visors oi tne governnieni oi lue lhilcu - o ,ji
Quoting his .Mount Vernon speech of States and the allied governments, and associated against uermanj
t..-.. a ..Ti...io r.cr. thp nresident fee s it nis duty to say kiiu
B;any that his terms' call for "the de that no arrangement can be accepted whom they are dealing.
..v.;. n x-tiw V,-!. Mm rnvprnniPiit of thp T'nitpd ''Th nrccirlpnt will tnakp 'A KOnarate
pTv where, that can separately ' sec States which does not provide abso-repiy to the royal and imperial gov-1 ware in all food and drink places after
retly, and of its single choice disturb lutely satisfactory safeguards and ernnient of Austria Hungary,
the peace cf the world or if it cannot guarantees of the maintenance of the "Accept, sir, the renewed assurances
be destroyed, at least its reduction to present military supremacy of the of my high consideration,
virtual impotency." am ies of the United States and the (Signed) "ROBERT LANSING."
Hiier,. t.hpn. follows the words which allies in the field. i "Mr. Frederick Oederlin,
proclaims that the autocratic govern- "He feels confident that he can safe-' "Charge D Affairs, ad interium. in carantee the cool
ment cf Germany must go, and plain- ly assume that this will also be the charge of German interests in the Poslnerma to
lv invite the German people to make judgment and decision of the allied I nited States, m , intPn-.no of the military sunrem-
the change which will bring them, governments. , V.'hen the predet deHded to fy TtteZrmL' SunUed States
"Hie rresment teeis tuai.n is aiso mat u an armusiice su..u u m - all. ha iln,lnllin.llv
SAN FRANCISCO'S WAY
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 14 When
the city awoke this morning it found
this striking poster had been paste.l
daring the uignt on a thousand store
windows:
'Citizens: Search your conscience.
There are four classes lit San Francis
co today. First Those who subscribed
patriotically and adequately to suppoii
the government and our vast military
operations.
Second Thase who have subscribed
net from patriotic motives, out merely
to invest a convenient amount in gilt
edge securities.
ihird The "get busy" cUv. who
have subscribed as little as possible.
Fouuh The slacker class who have
subscribed nothing.
What class do you belong in?
Remember this nation is at war and
you h.v.e got t: meet death and sucri
iice in the front with sacrifice at
home. Have you sacrificed?
Do you realize that to prove your
loyalty you must put yourself in the
first class before 6 o'clock Friday
night, October IS?
Before that hour be true to your
country, your city, your conscience.
Fourth class:
Liberty loan subscribers.
Or. 100 per cent patriotic.
Two 5" per cent investor.
Three 25 per cent slacker.
Four 00 slacker.
(Signed) San Francisco Liberty
Loan Committee.
Candy Can
We Eat?
THE
TRUTH
ABOUT
CANDY
WHERE SHALL WE STOP TO
STAY WITHIN THE.
BOUNDS OF PATRIOTISM?"
That's a question which puzzles many of us.
We all know that we
to conserve.
must "go easy" on sugar, as it is our duty
should
peradventure with
ttie
County Health Officer,
Hisbee, Arizona.
The state regulations require the
sterilization of all dishes and gl:ss-
I each service. This order is to take ef-
! feet immediately. Also order that
handshaking be discontinued.
O. H. BROWN.
Superintendent Public Health.
COLORADO OVER TOP
rNVKR, Colo., Oct. 14. C'.air.is
that unofficial reports show the state
'it Colorado has raised her minimum
I quota of the fourth Liberty loan were
m-de. in telegrams sent by state head
quarters to the federal reserve bank
in Kansas City tonight. The assertion
is based on the fact that actual re
ports by banks credit the state out
side of Denver with $13.(i72..,50
pledged, while the remaining S5.S04,
451) of the quota will bo met by oevr
$3,500.01)11 in pledges unofticially re
ported by county chairmen, and by
a ?3ti(i.un0 surplus which Denver work
ers have to their credit.
Twenty-one Colorado counties, be
sides Denver, are winners of honor
tlags, the latest additions to the list
being Las Onimas, Otero and Prow
ers counties.
And candy contains some sugar.
So how can we know how much to eat?
The human system needs SOME sugar and this the U. S. Food Ad
ministration recognizes.
Howtv r, all tastes are not alike. Some people like their sugar in
coffee, some in fruit an6 some in other ways. If you like yours in
the pleasing form of candy eat some candy.
The U. S. Food Administration allots the candy manufacturers a
fixed amount of sugar. You can see how small it is, now, when we
tell you that if distributid to the people direct it would only amount
to one-third of a pound per person each month.
But this sugar is used with scientific accuracy in combination with
nuts, fruits and other ingredients to produce much more pure, whole
some candy.
Part of that cant', wher.er you see it offered for sale, is yours.
Eat what you like, in moderation, or show your patriotism by send
ing it to some soldier boy.
peace
THE CANDY INDUSTRY OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA AND ARIZONA
BUY LIBERTY BONDS
URGES PEOPLE j
TO WORK AND !
GIVE MONEYS
"The power which hitherto has con- 'bis duty to add that neither the gov-.of. it could not be considered ithout "'ttealUes.he
u-ith thp tprms of npnee. Otherwise
tne opinion is unanimous inai me it-
States
reh on.
that
the
arian
the
sent
- s S.
v V&iT u i
. .... , .--. .- . vv -i- v tr v,'-iu v v Kr -, v-;t.v ''. i
' ,C iv"-?Vt Vi. " -r'J XN, ) - ,v: ' 7--A JtA ? .VStfs. G porous armies of the United
v r iTi" : ''' 'tr ' ,f I'-rlw-AV LJ; r? ' and the entente allies must mar
---i .t '.-:. JioyyJprVX 1 Although Germany is informed
C V5'. f VVV? ) ette reply will be made to
''ii:v Pce note .of the Austro-Hunga
fff-p" '- ' '- ; ST'tr''- '. 1 V $siJ-&r I government, it is known that for
' .. t -ys?$24 iViy'r--'', T-i' 1l?3.i;OSi;' oresent no communication will be
W M . A ieither to Austria-Hungary or to
V.C. V-"'. V'C. ' 'V yJrifc of her allies, reached the state depart
I- sJifiT mUepiiSa'1 Germany's vassal allies.
sZy i'-r f&Jj&-yf T''?3 iwill aait the next move in Berlin, un-
f yY$ (?V44,X fKZ. r 'v,'-1 sT 's 'v'i 1 iess liiat nio?e is anticipated by a new
'S:rix- -r'" ' ?J ,.V 'iVC. ipioa and offer of surrender from Vi-
.;. 'V'. AvVi,v', TSLv JZI&zZ:. - y AS m- , ht.ua or Constantinople or both.
Zjf-J ' .f 5' S I GERMANS PRAISE WILSON.
. F cj'-7t' GKNKVA. !- 14. tBy the Asso-
'Kji A V (i.ileil I rc -.s. 1 Travelers fi oin Iter! 111
I'm
(Continued from Page One) j
or the need less important. President !
Wilson in his own time and way can :
be depended on to act with both cou
rage and wisxm. We havo trus-ted
him in hours aid ilne of (iisiresa and '
peril. V.'e can trust him now. Let !
show in the drive which shall start
at 9 a. 111. on Wednesday the lGlh i
which will bo to secure a subscription :
from every person in your county and j
to obtain a further subscription where :
a previous subscription has been. Au-,
tomobiles should be requisitioned and
houses mut be cloed. .All j
must bj suspended until ;
council,- act
ing on the recommendations of Mar
shal Foch had decided upon as neces-
sary guarantees. 1 nese now are un
iderstood to include the occupation of
Metz and Strassburg and Coblenz, the
ratrgic keys to Germany.
May Offer Compliance
The German government may. tt is 1 business
believed, offer to comply with the j business
terms ana give tne guarantees men i your part a! the war is won. No man a
would permit an armistice. From thutj work is so important that he cannot
point the disposition of the autocracy heave it for the business of his country
I might be considered in connection! am tn(s niust be impressed upon ail.
Have your mayors issue proclamations
.lung these lines. Conliiin by wire
that this plan will be carried out fully
in your county. Peace proposals do
not afiect the Liberty loan in any
way. Do everytuing possible to pre
vent misguided or badly disposed per
sons spreading such propaganda.
Beat back the HUN
WITH
Liberty Bonds
That plunging squadron of Ger
man Cavalry, expecting to carry
all before it in cne mad rush,
learned to the full, from a little
body of American troops, the
meaning of the President's words.
Bmost
Force, greater even than the
military rulers of Germany can
imagine the overwhelming, ir
resistible force of a great, free
Nation aroused to fight for its Lib
erty and the Liberty of the World.
GERMANS PRAISE WILSON.
C.KNKVA. !. 14. Iby the Asso
ti.iteil I 'rc-.s.j Travelers fioin Iter! 111
airi.-inx i't . I'.u '.cl say the German
people isti; overjoyed at the prospects
Ol pi COil.
It nsc r'aiiM-d that while Iycm
dT.t WiKo-i a'id CI1.1i cellur Mux are
V.f i'.iw eulogJzeii by the people the
.i.imc of Kmperor William is not men
1 iMipd.
The S:juii:.Gcriinn newsHp-rs, the
truveiers s:iy, are very sob. r in their
c ,:-i met t ot: the r-ittwtion. su iui$
fres-ident Wilson, in accord with the
London and IV.ris governments, niiiy
.li t.-id coiiJirions which the Central
j ,.-,xrs wji he mm'ile to accept.
T"r,k:' BRITISH MONITOR
NOW, IS REPORTED
(Continued t-om Pmse On)
Counter attacks by picked Bavarians
against the French broke down under
n hot fire. Thousands of prisoners
have Im'cii taki 11 and enoimous cusu-aitii-s
have been inl'licti-d on the er.e
.!. The lalest reports indicate that
the Britioh bloke through at one pluce
Mid are advancing toward the Lys.
Tlie Belgians h.iv.: signaled from the
east and southeast of Roulers thai
I hey have cfptur-ii lUi;ei)rooii. (;its
berg and Beveiin and thn", "iiiio pr;i;
ontTs thiis f:ir hi.vo hi en counti-d.
The British have litken D'r.'iiip.
I'.c-schiiKilen. Gulleghem. WuKclgheni
i'.nd Wervicq and are a thousand yards
northwi'st of .Menin.
They had captured by early after
noon ltioo ptison'.rs and have counted
cloven field ; ins.
CHOICE OF TWO
! ALTERNATIVES
I SAYS WILSON
INFLUENZA?
Keep your bowels in good condition with Rexall Order
lies and use Rexall Throat Gargle.
DONT BE CARELESS
BALL'S DRUG STORE
Main St THE REXALL STORE Phone 307
"Force to the Utmost
(Cfiitiuu-J fro.T THE rn)
cTtlen by the Million ! Shot, shell,
guns, airplanes, tanks, ships
anything and everything required
to drive home the meaning of the
President's words to make plain,
to the authors of the war, the fact
that with such force, cf men and
cf spirit, we must inevitably win.
'distinction of ber.g the first to sub-1
sculie its jnotii. ?2BU't',i', with rv- i
i 01 y state ovi r-si hscrihins, l.nt its fin:l '
; r cul ts to thu tr- asury a.'e iiH'imi;i!. 'i', j
bei.iust; batiks are so Mu.rt il hi tp
; tiiat the tabulations have not yr t been
co.nplcted
AMERICANS BEYOND C'JNEL
WITH A.MKUIf'A V AKMY
NDKTIIWKST OF VKKIlUN. Oct. 11.
10 p. in., (By the Associated l'n ss
The Atin-nciiii troojis we.-t of the
j n'iise now are ln-yoi-d ('uin l and K' -!
inai:iii . Their puln.ls are iu the i'.ois
I Dc Banthi'Ville.
Further i.st the Atueri'iiii line has
reached St Ci orse and Lanilres Kt St.
Georce.
$yer-Las
Hull 1
be
Soofim
See aclt. ertisement on inside cover ." Srturday Evening
Post of August 3. We 1 avu a lull :ar in stock.
Bisbee Lumber Co. int.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lov.'.U Car Step PHONE 25
T. N. T. WORKS BURNS
Are YOU adding every ounce you can to the force behind oar
fighting in en tue fores we must exert to
the
uart
Lena the Way They Fiht - Buy Bonds to Ycur Utmost
Fhi3 Spajc- Contributed
Wirsriir.fr ti
IL i. W
ie veiis Eleclrl
e War by"
1
i I'.y districts the
lows:
lii.-t'it
H . Li.i; -
M l':tl'
J'.o-OMl ,
S.iti K:v iicisco . . .
t'hlcii:.!!
li ill.i
! iJn M i : if.it
I.i::s.i,; l ily
I .. i i h.iii!
N Voil,
. tl.!!-t.l
l'hil.i.I -li hi.i
ioar proirtss fol
lv:.
SiiliXTipHf :l
. . ?2!.t.5 ti..!:Vi
. . ! .!( 1 .!!"
. . 'Jl;.-.".ri.HIMI
. . i.Mi.i i::.r,i:
. . 1 1 S 7; S.CuO
.. lis ;il t.."ne
. . l"j:i Dt'.L'.TnO
.. 1 1 1 ii'!i;.n."iii
... J.s.:is.r,r.n
. . ('..!. V'.'.t. 'mil
('..'. :!i7.7iin
1 77. S"'l. l"i'
. J.7-1s. H'i.!i .1
7S
71
Miy l:ovt i.rn. (t wi'i")
TI? KNTI IX. O.it . Oct. 14 A unit ,
: i T X. T. ami -ii:i cotton works
i.l ti;e !:!. :es 'o.. I.'i..
hi re. was d"-troi d tor.iuiil by a
iriv. oi 1'J vjiiooimis followed by j
At fii''.! -.lit the fi""c :is re
port' il un li r ii'ii'ri'I
Kiir'y ;cp .l is p' irei! the nuiib( y of
ihviihs lit ii,-.ir'v b!f so far only
( i.e Imih tins lie- 'i recoveri'il ami it
the casual! i s were
of Hie exnlesiotl
L. J. OVERLOOK, BROKER
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & (
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW Yl
iio.ton. Djiuth, Calumet.
K A'JlJ CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION G1VI ;i C(;?PER STOCK
f.i
41 i
i Is not bi tfeved
4-'l.ill. The ion
siittcred evi i v
1 1' :l
"' I M' SI
K. !
li l.-Mill
window in town a"
a iri-.-. out of I'M'inii:!
Cities report: I j uver-uluir;puuu of
r.EV!cW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
COPI'ER QUEEN HOTEL
AND HIGH GLASS CAFE
Th't best or everthna at reuso.iable & la carte prices.
A SpecL! 60c luncheon duiiv. Also $1.00 dinner from
. : : j t V : rJ p. r.i. Re-ttlar Board by the mcnth, $4SC0
Henry Popped, inascr.
.
!
I THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1013.
THREE
WALTER
DOUGLAS
VISITS BISBEE
FOR SHORT TIME
Phelps-Dodge President Will
Remain in State Several
Weeks and Inspect Com
pany Properties
Walter Douglas, president of the
Phelps Dodge corporation, accom
panied by A. T. Thompson, his as
sistant ,and Robert Rae, general audi
tor, drove down from Douglas yester
day and spent the day in the Warren
district, and in company with G. It
Dowell, general manager of the Cop
per Queen, inspected and discussed
Improvements and development of
the corporation properties here.
Further work on the new concentra
tor has been suspended, and thi3
course was necessary, Mr. Douglas
declared, because of inability to se
cure material during the present
stress of the war.
Mr. Douelas drove to Douelas last
evening, but expects to return to Bis
'b'ee Wednesday. He will remain in
the state several weeks and will, in
company with Mr. Thomson, inspect
thp company properties at Morenci.
Glebe, Tyrone and Nacozarl. Mr.
Douglas has not been in Arizona
since last March, having remained in
New York durine the long illness of
his father, and final death, the late
Dr. James Douglas, some months ago.
Pressure of business and war works
kept him at his New York desk up
to this time. The president of the
Phelps Dodge corporation arrived in
Douelas on Saturday nieht and spent
Sunday in the Smelter City. The
Dcug'.as International of Monday eve
ning had the following article about
Mr. Douglas and his impressions and
views regarding war. and industrial
conditions at this time:
"Mr. Douglas stated yesterday that
in New York the energies being put
forth in all manner of war work has
during the past year and as the con-
flict proceeds interest is growing and i
tnerey and determination growing
more apparent. He expressed pleas-
ure at the way Arizona has made good
in the features of war work and stat- j
ed that so far as he had been in
formed the copper industry is going
forward without any handicap other
than the scarcity of Jabcr, which
t-eems to prevail pretty much all over
the country. All the co.npanies have
piven up many of their best men, who
have volunteered or been drafted into
service.
"Speaking of the recent peace
moves of the enemy Mr. Douglas said
that he did not expxt that any sat
isfactory peace could be brouaht about
in the very near future and Baid that
this, of ail times, was one when all
people should strain their every en
ergy in behalf of the success of the
loan drive now on.
Beckett Goes to War.
"Mr. Douglas said that his assistant,
P. D. Beckett, formerly of Bisbee and
C'.obe, this state, was getting ready
when he left New York to enter the
service of his country and Is perhaps
now inducted into Qe service. Mr.
Bc-vet wil' he well remembered both
at Bisbee and Globe. He entered the
ser i-e of the Copper Queen at Bis
bee a good many years ago and after
filling responsible positions with the
ccmpany there was promoted to be
come general manager of the Old Do
minion at Globe, where he remained
for four or five years before being
cnl'od nn hicher and to the New
York office of the Phelps Dodpe
corporation to become assistant to
he president there. He visited Ari
zona recently and was in Douglas for
some time during the absence of Mr.
Thomson, who was ill on the coast, i
The many friends of Mr. Beckett in
Arizona will wish him well during his
term of service to his country.
No Construction Work Now.
"Mr. Douglas said that in all of the
enterprises . the Phelps Dodge corpo
ration all manner of construction had
been discontinued because of the in
ability to secure neeaea material to
carry them. Considerable building
yet unfinished at Tyrone in New Mex
ico wil! stand still until after the war.
.t Bisbee the construction of the con
centrator by the Corper yueen branch
had been stopped and nothing more
would be done there now. Only sotae
grading Is being done on the Sacra
mento hill where the ore is to be
mired for the new concentrator when
it Is ready, and so on at other enter
prises of the company.
'"Regarding the possibility of hav
ing the work of paving the road to
Hisbee, now under contract, com
pleted, Mr. Douelas thought nothing
would interfere with this work as the
material to be used in this work is
produced in the west and none of it is
shipped outside of this section of the
country."
Jimmy Douglas
Visits Bisbee
James S. Douglas, better known to
his many friends in the Warren dis
trict as "Jimmy" Douglas, was in the
city yesterday from Douglas, accom
panied by his wife and hi secretary,
S. P. Applewhite. Mr. Douglas has
just returned from a trip to the north
west, where he went on account of
fn attack of hay fver. Mr. Douglas
expects to remain in Cochise oouuty
a few days longer and then return to
his post of duty with the Y. M. C. A.
in France.
Mr. Douglas Is not very enthusiastic
over the peace proposals and does not
believe that much faith can be placed
so far in the offers that have been
made bv Germany, and it is his
opinion that the war will be continue J
for some time. He states that it is
the duty of citizens of Arizona to do
their utmost to see that the fourth
Liberty loan is over-subscribed and
that the peace talk should not in the
least interfere with the loan sub
scriptions. He considers the peace
talk nothing but German propaganda.
Mr. Douglas has been in France and
knows the conditions there and the
suffering that the people in the ad
joining countries have gone through
at the hands of the Germans and it
is his belief that nothing but an un
conditional surrender will satisfy
France. England and Belgiym.
Mr. Douglas was here to attend to
business connected with his Interests
in the Bank of Bisbee.
BAR
ACvftPIATIfl
HOOUUIHIIU
YAVAPAI
MTV
UUUill I
COND
E!
si
MNS IIW
We are now selling Fourth Liberty
Loan Bonds over our counter. Go
ing like hot cakes. Get yours yet?
Miners and Merchants Bank. 898
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE REVIEW
ii ii i m n;i) n'ii i u w xAm ' m, PJ tf m ui ui.nniy n n wwr jyj,uiw mwwwwui imp i i mm- mwmm
noy, and if said attorneys are mem
bers of or sympathizer wi'h the I.
W. W. association or in any manner
directly or r motely affiliated with
the said organization, w believe it is
our duty as officers of the courts of
tills conmionv.eaUh to register our
rond'-mnation of such attcrneys and
of their selling or giving their ser
vices to clients of that character a:id
lending tl:c'r aid to such an organl
I That the Northern Arizona asso
ciation ,to on rjcr.1 as unulierablv j
Passes Resolution in Strong ai e ii-or.-, n- rjisei to the i. w. ;
Terms Regarding That Or-, or beliefs and tint this association!
iamlti's members do every thiivj wit'i-j
ganization and Those Who' ;n their power to stamp o;it ti.e i. w.
VV . H..U lis um.t w I 111 , rni'.iwu) mi'J
Ireasonah'e doctrines; and. i
"Tie U further resolved, that we. j
as an organization aud cs'individual j
memt.e-5 of the bar. rcfus-"" o asso-j
iat-j socially or professionally wi'h
Wounded American soldiers handled
with utmost care on way to hospitals
si
'.i Ji - an. y
i
Every' time you buy a bond you register
V a vote ot confidence in the United States.
CUWhen you don't buy bonds, you vote
against United States, against your
- Country's Cause.
iThe issue is clean cut: Democracy or the
fe divine ridit of nn nntnrriit splf-omvprn-
, -J"" "
ment or government by a despot; victory
or disgrace. --:
Vote today for .Victory!
BUY Liberty Bonds TODAY
ANY BANK WILL HELP YOU
THIS 1TISTIMVT COVTKIBUTED TSBOUOX TU
X-ATUOTZC COFSKATIOS Of
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
(CALIFORNIA)
Encourage It
The Verde Ccpper News of Jerome,
in its issus of Thursday, contains the .,.. rttornev who is nfiiliated with
following item under a Precott datelti;e j y. V. or it:) members or who
line of the same date:
is nrrstinting the le'.-ai profession by
i ue avapai . euniy tiar asaocia- COunseTig and advising vie or :i;;az:i
tlon has gone on record as being o- ti. cr jts nieiuers as such, or are
pesej to wobblylsm and all that ap- de-errrting thi1 courts of iustire by
pertains thereto, and its members 'representing' sih" p'-lr.tiffj in un
wi!l hereafter refuse to associate warranted, grou id! 'ss and scatdalous
socially or professionally with anv : aw ruits. Vs 'ii our o;ii".ir.!i these two
attorney who is affiliated with the I. pending are.'"
W. W., 'or hov.- is prostituting the!
legal profession by counseling or ad-;
vising tho organization or its mtm-j
bers.'
"A strong set of resolutions to this,
effect was unanimously adopted at a
REVIEW WANT ACS
BRING RCSULT5
recent meeting of the association.
The resolutions read:
" 'Whereas, It has been established
in countless ways, particularly during
the recent trial In Chicago, that the
I. W. W.. both a an organization and
tts members individually, comprise (
persons who are thorouchly disloyal
and hostile to tiie United States and
are seeking in the most contemptible
and venal manner to obstruct war In
dustries and destroy war necessities,
therebv lending aid and comfort to
the wicked and relentless German au
tocracy; and,
" 'Whereas, The actions, policies ,
and purposes of the I. W. W. have .
been ..he same since Its organization
and were the same, during July of
1917 In Jerome, when law-abiding and
peace-loving citizens of our country,
state and county were constituted a
posse of peace officers to enforce and
uphold the lnws of our country and to'
protect the dignity of the community,:
and aid in protecting from intimida-!
tion loyal and law-abiding organized
union men In their employment in the
operation of thegrer.t copper indus
try of the Jerome district; and,
" "Whereas, Said citizens did en
force t!e law of our land by ridding
the community of numbers of I. W.
W. and sympathizers, and such act
was with the consent and sanction
nnd approval of the body politic of
this county and the citizens of this :
community; and, j
" 'Whereas, It has been held from
time immemorial that any person
committing a crime against society
has no standing in a court of law for
injuries that may be done to him per
sonally while in the commission of
m crime, and in our opinion the
plaintiffs In two actions now pending
in our superior court, based upon al
leged damages which two of t'lese dis
turbers of the peace suffered by rea
son of their criminal action, came
within that class, and that their cases
are without any semblance of merit
or lustice; and,
" 'Whereas, The plaintiffs in those
'ctions are representee dv Attorneys
F. C. Struckmeyer and L. B. Whit-
111!
mm
III; Hi!6iT! II
: i ; M i
Mm
i!
mm
JACOB M.SCHiFF llitllUKiliUlUmiiil
Sven more then here
tofore, we should at
thils time strain to
fcelp winnins the war,
toward which we ere mak
ing such splendid." prog
ress. It is not a
sacrifice to lnvost in
4 1-4$ liberty Bond 3
which at some time will
sell at a considerable
premium, but doing this
now is proof of the will
jng help those, not at
the front, should give
unstintedly.
by the apriicatiocot CKANOLLNrJ, ta irret
ttm"il rfnttil, n- ti e r-x na mirob
dotroyed. Prov this tatvtt far yovrMlf
at or idm. Wrte lT free tt trent
meiit; ii :rci M7. thcoiicai Co., icpU U.t
OirarU, i -ir
"Sleeps UUe Pfcw Boy
"'I mfTrrxd lor ytmr with Lczcma fn Ha
rrrt form. APVetitl alJ over the boCy.
CKANOLHNR U ft dj a fire tt white viU.
mud I ete iii.e s plow hov." ,1. MH'mcken,
Jnhnftun itv, 'fern. I'.VntUm twoytssxs aiux
tWLg CKANOLKNK.)
At all drug atsres. SSeuid U.
Mmty Pcftlttvaty Roiunwil If Net SatlsM
I Sold and Guaranteed L I
LARGEST AMERICAN FLAG IN THE WORLD
. AIDS LIBERTY BOND SALE IN NEW YORK
- 4f ? ' 4 ' 'fa
4 ' Pit K
k - a 't'y v X:,jt.A vli ;' .
! American flag in Grand Central Station, New Vork.
The larpest American flajsr in the world now hanps in the Grand Cen
tral Station in New York. The banner was raised by the Liberty Loan
committee to tt.inulate bond buying. The stripes in the Rag are five feet
wide. The stars are three and a half feet wide. The Hap is 160 feet long
and eiz.ity feet wide. It weiRhs 400 pounds and was made by 500 tailors.
One lur.ored workmen wcro required to harp the tiatr. which covers the,
it:t:rc pioscc.n ,ra ou the uacr kcl. It tuok from 10 v. xu. to daybreak ;
ti i.j-n U.a tii. '
Unloading wounded U. S. soldiers.
The photo shows orderlies and nurses of the Mobile Hospital Unit De-'
partment of the Light Railways and Roads removing wounded U. S. tol
diers from a light railway train. The photo was taken somewhere on tha
western front. Every precaution is taken to handle the patienT.3 quickly
and with the least discomfort to them. The wounded men rest in the sam
stretcher on which they are placed at the front until they reac the hos
pital. The stretchers are suspended on the cars and then lifted orf at the
hospital, thereby eliminating; the necessity of handling the wounded maa.
PAY LESS!
SPECIAL! Wednesday Only!
No. 2 Tin "
Standard CM 1 0c
WATCH OUR WINDOW
fc.S
4
ri
ANGIUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-161C9
1 T? 1 3 1
aSuee ruei ana i
it r
a company
i ee
Phone -121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
Goa
H O
Have you stpred your winter's
supply of coal yet? If not it's
time to get busy! A shortage
is possible. BUY NOW!
Bisbee 'Fuel
Fee
Company
Phone 121
O. 'cc D.lowr Cop:4. .' Quen Hotel J
r
Everything New OPPOSITE DEPOT Everything First Class j
U. S. A. HOTEL
The Moat Centrally Located Hotel In Bisbee. Phone Green 46R
ROOMS l!Y DAY. WEKK Ort MONTH
Review Want Ads Bring Resuts
I
I
I FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1918.
PUBLISHED EVERY DAY EXCEPT MONDAY BY THE
STATE CONSOLIDATED PUBLISHING COMPANY.
CULLEN A. CAIX ...Editor and General Manage.-
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the
use for re-publication of all news dispatches credited to
It or not otherwise credited to this paper and also tho
local news published herein.
Ail rights of re-publication of special dispatches Jiere-
la are also reserved.
Under Act of March 8, 1879.
Entered as Second Clai Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona,
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE:
PER MONTH -75
THREE MONTHS 2.25
SIX MONTHS . 4-00
TWELVE MONTHS 7.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) per year 2.50
SUNDAY (Our Weekly) ner Quarter 75
Mo Subscript cn Taken Fcr Less Than 75 Cents
Unconditional Surrender
If President Wilson had to send a note
at all, he could not have sent a better one
than this last reply to Germany. Practically
it is an ultimatum in which the demand is
made for unconditional surrender. Further
he makes himself clear upon the great -question
of Alsace-Lorraine. Germany must
give up these provinces to France, outright,
before any peace will be considered. Now
this, it is not believed .Germany will do
until she is broken and beaten to he ground.
Anyway, she has so declared, through her
papers and officials even up to yesterday.
So, letus bend every energy to carry on at
full speed another year of war at the least,
or until such time as Germany breaks down
entirely, and the best , informed place that
event at about a year hence.
'The Avenue of the Allies9
They are beginning to call Fifth avenue,
New York, the "Avenue of the Allies." A
better name for this noble and famous thor
oughfare could not well be conceived. For
more than a year past, now, scarcely a week
has elapsed that did not witness some grand
military or civil pageant along this street.
Parade after parade, in endless procession,
toe pressing upon heel, the swinging col
umns pass along Fifth avenue way. West
Pointers and Annapolis cadets, boys from
the training camps and boys of the regular
army, rivers of khaki flow by the shops and
stores of this wondrous street. Sons from
every nation under the sun of heaven have
marched this way. Veterans of the great
war, stream by.. Red Cross nurses and
secretaries of the two Y associations and
civilians and war workers cf every class,
age, degree and sex have tramped this street
this year in parade. "Avenue of the Al
lies!" Why not? The British and French
and Italian and Australian and Canadian
troops have all pased this way in parade.
The sounds of marching feet never cease
here. The flags of all our allies arch the
avenue. The Serb and the Slav, and the
Jap and Siameese and the Chinaman and
the African and the Cuban and the Greek
have all passed under these flags, carrying
arms in their hands and marching with the
thunder step that only long hours on the
drill ground can impart. The Avenue of the
Allies! A world famous street for this young
nation. A street worthy to rank in history
with the Palais' Royale of France, and the
Trafalgar Square of England's realm. And
so this young republic comes into her own
at last. The'Marne and the Argonne and
Cambrai witnessed her coming, and the
Avenue oF the Allies shall ccmnjemorate
it as an arch of triumph.
A Bisbee man came to this column yes
terday with a government franked envelope
in his hand and a lot of government franked
printing inside which he declared was simp
ly Carl Hayden's campaign literature. A
glance at this printed matter confirmed his
declaration. Hayden is defending his vote
against war measures by means of the gov
ernment printing office and postal franks,
notwithstanding the shortage of print
paper, labor and transportation. This Bis
bee citizen was considerably wrought up
ever the matter. "Hayden is all right; let
him alone, my friends tell me, but I won't
let him alone," declared the man. "I am
going to do all I can to defeat him at the
polls next month. I have three sons fight
ing over there and I will not sit by indiffer
ent while my state sends a man back to
congress who opposed the var and voted
against necessary war measures."
There is entirely too much peace talk in
the paperi and on the streets. And all be
cause the president merely answered the
German note, checking a viral point or two
back to Germany.- There is no possible
chance of peace outside of unconditional
surrender as long as Wilhelm or any Hoh
enzollern remains in power in Prussia. And
there is no visible sign or tokens by which
one rr.ay lcok for the fall of Wilhelm and
his house via the revolution route. In fact,
in spite of a lot of high flown ideals in this
country to the contrary, the German people
have always been, are still, as proud and ar
rogant and anxious for world power and
dominion a3 their rulers. German ruth
lessness is thoroughly German and has been
too universal and too complete and too
spontaneous to have been the part and pol
icy of one mind and idea or the idea of a
single set or party in the German empire.
The protest against it from within has been
too slight for Germany as a whole to escape
the blame or payment of the price.
THE LOAN
the
(Chicago Tribune.)
What would haDoen in Berlin if
fourth Liberty loan should fail?
It will not fail if we all do our duty. It
will not fail if we ask ourselves that ques
tion :
What will happen in Berlin if the loan
fails?
There would be ringing of bells and blow
ing of whistles in Berlin if the loan failed.
There would be a thrill of revived hope in
every Prussian heart. The good news would
go out through Germany, "The Ameri
cans are weakening behind the lines: the
dollar chasers are already sick of war!"
Better than a battle won over the Yanks
in the Argonne would be the failure of the
loan.-
But the loan will not fail. Our fighting
men are winning.. We shall not lose the
war at home. Our fighting men are giv
ing themselves. We will give all that we
have to give.
This is our zero hour. Go over behind
the bayonets. Go forward to victory.
Prince Max said some days ago Germany
WOULD accept Wilson's terms; later, in
reply to the Wilson note, he said again that
Germany WOULD accept them?,, But she
has not yet done so. The first of these terms
declared that peace discussion was impos
sible while German soldiers remained upon
conquered soil. Well, they are still there,
although being moved eastward by bayonet
and bomb. Therefore Prince Max lies ev
ery time he opens his mouth to say what
Germany WILL do. And again, while the
Prince talks peace, his official organ, the
Baden Presse, declares, that Germany will
never give up Alsace-Lorraine. So again
Prince Max's protestations fall to the
ground as uncloaked lies and brazen chicanery.
What has become of those German
crown princes, Rupprecht of Bavaria and
the unspeakable one of Prussia? Every day
these master strategists, each command-'
ing a great German army on the western
front, used to appear in the dispatches from
Berlin. "Rupprecht drives on," and
"Crown prince advances to victory," were
familiar quotations last year and last spring.
But now, their armies beaten and in re
treat, real commanders have been placed in
charge, and Rupprecht is courting the
princess of Luxemburg in her capital and
papa's boy is back in Berlin with papa.
The building of a steel ship in three
quarters of the time and at three-fourths
the cost heretofore necessary this is the
latest revolution promised in the sphere of
shipbuilding. Instead of the long-prevailing,
laborous and expensive method cf riv
eting, successful experiments indicate that
steel ships can be put together by the simple
process of electric welding. .
Unconditional surrender first, and then
Wilson's fourteen conditions afterwards!
By this method there is no chance of a mis
understanding, regarding any interpretation
that might be placed upon the conditions'
And the results will be the same. The al
lies cannot trust to Germany's honor; Ger
many MUST trust the allies.
This is the week that the Warren dis
trict goes over the top in the fourth Lib
erty loan drive. No excuse for failure can
serve, no cause deter, no reason intervene,
and nc "if" or "and" be offered in this mat
ter. It is simply a case of Must!
It is now estimated that the Hun losses
on the western battle line since July 1 5 of
this year total a million and a half in killed,
wounded and prisoners. The toll of pris
oners alone now approaches three hun
dred thousand.
An Emphatic I
! Endorsement
Editor Review.
Correct Sir: The Prussian im
perial royal policy will never change
whilst Win. II, Emperor of Ger
many, Kins of Prussia, King of
Kings, yhadow of cod on Earth, Su
preme One of the Kingdom has a
Witape of vantage point left. There
can possibly be no guarantees of
pi are if the present German imperial
family be allowed to continue occu
pation cf the royal palace at Berlin
and the omnioiis marble palace at
Potsdam a palace in which many
"frii-htful" secret sessions have been
held and around whose tyrannical
lilbunals a dark veil of secrecy has
been thrown. Now, Mr. Editor,
whether you are rushed at in lury or
lkd from In fear, keep up the edi
torial agitation for the complete over
throw of the imperial anJ royal "gov
ernrrient" of Prussl.a Alas! bow hard
it will te to get a hearing. Stay with
the complete overthrow Idea. That's
what I think your leaders suggest.
Sincerelv,
JAMES H. FITZGERALD.
Bistee,. Ariz.
L
JUST LIKE THAT!
The Bullet
Or the Ax
Max Elirman, Terre Haute, Ind.: 1
do not know what fashions of art. sci
ence, and philosophy may be in vogue
in future times. But this I know: No
whtre will a nation cringe before a
madman, such as the kaiser, who has
made of the earth a graveyard and
a funeral pall of the soul. He is
the l.t of his kind. He Is incompre
hensible. He was born of a good
woman, and nursed at her breast. He
was playful in childhood, and he had
brothers and sisters. He had all good
things given him, as if the earth were
a fairyland. He grew to manhood,
loved, and had children of his own.
He had many beautiful gardens and
stately palaces. He had every wish
gratified by seventy million souls. Such
a man should have been a very god
of love and gratitude. Instead, he
turned and cut the breasts where chil
dren drink. He often sat in a quiet
woodland palace, Mid by a signature
or a wcrd sent hundreds of thousands
of men to unspeakable agony and ter
rible death, yet he always spared his
own sons. He murdered little chil
dren, and cut off the hands cf little
boys. HcV tortured inacccnl young
women by tearing them frotn their
homes and transporting them like cat
tie to distant lands. He wantonly
burned cities that held centuries of ac
cumulated treasures dear to the art
and learning of the whole world. He
drajged jabor-weary old men and wo
men from their hemes and shot them.
He shot thousands of prisoners be
cause an ounce of steel cost him less
than a piece of bread. In history he
will consort with Nero, Tanrerlane, and
Ivan the Terrible human monstrosi
ties! I do not know what men may
think in future times, but this I know:
They will demand to read that he, too.
felt the quick, sharp agony of violent
death. And if there be made a peace
that does not shed his blood, it will
be a damned peace! For tills Ameri
ca has clinched her tisL The living.
the soldiers dead, posterity all de
mand for him the bullet or the ax!
it i i'i eV .. I
,1
I
t 1
t r
'-rnJ5n,
State and County News Briefs
County News
1 L tnd K a.'Cuoes ia Douglas, and a a good day." In the absence of Arizona
i .juU Fry Mt latyro, meitercan, 1M3 : Eastern officials from the city no of
Grc.a ;ireet. is in jail charged with ficial repcrt cf the wreck was obtain-
! firing lour bullets at R. II. Wyatt, able lasi niglit . Several cars of a
A i.'airiage license was issued yes-1 drker of a wa"n for the army iuar- frci.-,'at train wore ileraik-vi and p:W
'crday by the clerk of the superior ter"iater. Tn :uen were not far ' up. and in tho-accident Holt was la
cnurt in Tucson to C. M. Hidden, age rpert when Mrlntyre began wcrki'.i.u jured, is the only report of tile wreck
52, and Gladys J. Perkins, IS, both of i;he t-iga-. it is said, but the driver that could he secured".
Lcugl&s. ; kept moving and none of the shots
- (!fok tffrct en him. Officer Georgf Clifton: After two years of con-
From Tucson papers it i3 learnaed ; Ccok happened to be in the neighbor-, s-ractiun wrk the Solomonvilie-Clif-that
Mrs. E'la Simpson has filed suit i ho:d and grabbed Mrlntyre. Turning ton highway has been opened for traf
ror divorce a?aint her husband, Ollie ; the latter over to Officers Klrkpat- i lie. It is jorty five miles long, com-
A. Simpson. Both are well known in
Toc'.ise county, having resided here
for a r.umber of years.
iiw: r.i'.d lliitins he went to Mc'.n- pared with seventy-five by the old
':-:e's hoi.32 and found a pistol underload, necessitating several heavy cuts
!l c bed. Mclntyre Jeuied doing the ( in the hilly district traversed. No less
shoot ins; b-'t later confessed, it is than four state engineers have been
George M. Wales, formerly deputy 1U "nTJ? ! Ln earj?. fU lh wort
The case will be heard by Judge Dun-1
p tnis aite.-noon. i Tucson: The casw of JU G. Moore
MARICOPA TO PHOENIX
(From the Chicago Tribune)
The train was very late. . . .
Through close darkness
It sped swaying course
On and on.
Hurrying towards the capital city.
Patient passengers.
Drooping and nodding.
Rocked with the lurching car
As it whirled
Acrcss the night-fragrant mesa.
Suddenly
A little man,'
Drowsing by an open window.
Was galvanized into action
And staggered down the unsteady
aisle;
His face was tortured
Into a mask of unutterable loathing.
Then .
A nameless, awful odor
Filled the air, penetrating even
The benumbed senses of the way
farers, The late train was very swift
The late skunk had not been. . . .
Albuquerque.
Thoenix: Asking that a receiver be
appointed and that W. E. Cogdell be
made U give an accounting cf the Ray
Kelvin Mining company. H. K. Easlrr
day yesterday filed a ccmpiaint to this
cf !!! in the superior court. Accenting
to the complaint. CogJell was elected
president of the mining company after
iis organization last March. The plain
tiff charges that Cogdeil disposed of a
laige amount of stock ol the corpora
lion und "that the defendant never ha.s
accounted lor lunds. K.isterday as'ns
that a receiver be appointed, pen ling
litigation, in order to conserve the in
lereHts of the corporation aud that
ifogdeil make a strict accounting. tCa-
lerday is one of liie defendants in a
$lii,0('0 action lor damages instituted
hv l'3"ilell a few davs ago. in which
("ogdeli t iaihied that Kafterday '. al j
caused bis arrest on a fal.se and base
less nelie.zlenieiit charge. The ca.-.e
was dismissed alter the preliminary j
hearing. 1 ne story i me hitcm ie
pea'ed in an evening paper which also
has been made a delt ndant in a $1'',
diMi libel action instituted by fogdell
clerk in the office of the county re
corder, and family, have returned to
Tombstone vesterdav after a six-
month absence in Colorado Springs. ,
Both Mr. and Mrs. Wales are glad According to the figures compiled
to fret back to the mild climate of , ' sterday afternoon by Chairman A.
Tcmbstnne, and report Colorado as i C. Lockwood of the Liberty L'.c-1
bavin'? been vtry cold at this time. ) committee. Tombstone is maricg its
Mr. Wales will take his post m tne ,-, :otn of 540,'mio allotted to be raised
effice of Recorder Krebs,
next Monday.
beginning here. Today a subnotion, cne of
tho largest yet received, for $10.Oi'O,
i wa3 sent in by t'ae Phelps-Dodge
against tne Buxton-Siuth ropipany of
' Bisbee, recently decided in favor of
' tr.3 plaint n f by Justice Oscar Pease.
has been appealed by the defendants
; la the superior court. The litigation
1 is over 200 pounds of onions and has
' been in the cor.ru for over a year. The
amount involved is abcut iZ'J.
Miss Minnie Sanders of ToaVestone, company, and wll appty to the quota. Phoenix: Albert Pitts, who was re
who applied for the nurse reserve ! There tra still several large subserip-1 ported killed in Franca a few days
corps several months ago, today re-j Hons cutstar.uin ,. So far $34,000 ha iiyo, Is unuerstood to hive been the
reived orders from headquarters to ! been raiiid in Tempore, and t'ae : jirst riim,.r employe of the state cf
irepare herself to be called at a j quota Is expt cted to b raised within Arizona to have given bis life lor his
future date, when she will receive or- r- iev- Every effort, however, j country. Pitts tor three years was
ders to go V -omo training hospital. , in !ri"K bent toward securing one or j secretary to Judge D. U Cunningham
Miss Sanders is the second Tomb-!"oii stars on the honor flag. The of the Arizona supreme court, before
stone girl ordered to be ready to re- j rr raiaittce t-eld a meeliug lu:, night, heaVins to enter the law school at the
nort out of five to enlist, ansa era .--", - .'' ' university ol xicinaa at Ana Arbor.
Smith having received her orders last nreaay sUDsrrioea. to see wneiacr or
wed: The others wno enlisted are. imt everyone had done l.n full share.
Miss Olive Smith.. Viss Frances Stani- There were several on t!e list which
"er and Miss Nellie Clochetti. . '" committee derided had not dorr;
cneir suare ana tney in oe visiieu
again and asked to increase their
subst riptirn. or give a gcod rea-oa to
the committee for not doing so. In
rase they fai; to satisfy the comm.t
J. C. Bridges, formerly of D-mglas.
Ls rep ji ted to have been arrested
We.'.nesaay in Jos Angeles nt the re
qutst or "tiie tederal authorities in
Dnug'cs to auawer a charge of viiv
latins the .Mann cct. On September
he Is; alloged to lu've brought M.
He enlisted from the nnivorsity. He
was the sjh of James Pitts of Sel;g
man, a well known cattleman and mer
chant, and a nephew cf United States
Serator Ashurst.
Tucson: Jehu E. Magee. until a few
months ag j secretary ol the Arizoua
Kittn. leal and Pioneers' hoxiety. died
at the bime of his
t..e -.j. .u...s t..eu. , n, Mr. H. V. Deinig of Toieoo.
as stackers. Tne committee ai.s.i tie. . . ...",..;,. 4 ,
(Willi'. uvvunimi, fcV lit .- 1 1 . 1 LM
Tillran "a woman sometimes known i fidcj to h.dd n0 public meetings Uur.'he ;.jty , fn,.njs vc;tt.r,,ay. Mri
as "Dixie, trom t.i raso lor immoral
nurposes. Bridges letl Douglas be
!ore to authorities could arrest him.
The woman is said to have bee:,
caught with him in Los Angeles anl
will be brought t"' . '" him as ?.
witness.
iag the
t ne. but
' same.
resent fpuliric and 'j'iara.i-
work will go oa jut the
About the Stale
Mrs.
i t::a .
Gbe Choat, 59. a
native of I Yuma: J. H. Maxey fhipped a car-
and a resident of Arizona for ! load of mules Monday to Ajo a:! kdiil
19 years, died yesterday afternoon at i tional equipment tor work on new ton-i
Mai.ee left Arizona early In Soitem;T
to live with b' niece. He had under
cne an cperation sums weeks prior to
u.i deparime aud socn retovered suf
ficiently vj ,'-.) downtown, but his
strength, aid Y.t.t recuperate readily.
Early in tho s'immer he was injured,
oat not severely, in an automobile a';
ciut.ut bcic:t Turson and Florence.
trai ls with the Copper company n ac
count of the new smelter which is to
be put up there at once.
Calumet hospital in Douglas. Her
husband and four childr?n. Mrs. J. T.
I'rice. Mrs. Lewis Howell. William
Cheat and Miles Choat, survive her.
All but Mrs. Price live in Cochise phoenix: Two Mexicans wanted in
county. Mrs. Prj'-e had been visiting j Yuma escaped from the Wickcnbnr
i er mother but was railed back to jaj early yesterday morning. Con
ner home in California Wednesday j -0('ls o! Wi kenburg reporte
because her ncsh.ind wan drafted Into j t0 the sheriffs oftu e yesterday. Thu
the army. The ChoVs Ita l lived on j s, rIln(jing country is being searched.
t!ie Turkey creek ranch IS yeari and : ,,ut no trat.e has Vet been secured of
were well known.
A b tter received by E. H. Reeves
of Tombstone from Miss Margo Harrow-dale,
who fount rly lived In Tomb
rtoiip. nils of t; death of her fati.er.
c. P. Hi.rrt.wdiile, iti an a'lto acci
dent at Saiita Moiih ii. Cal. The ma-rliii.-,
driven by Mr. I!arr"wialr, w is
struck t a rrossina by tho Pat iii
I' i' i trie; train gieng sit a rale of Oo
miles an hour, and was so badly in
J-.irrd that he lived but half an hour.
The remains were MUpprd to his
home In San Diego, where the
funeral Kervlres were held Wednes
dav. I'y reir'st f Mr. t'.arrowdalo
his rni'iiins were crematetl.
the escaped men.
S:gaIes: The man named Crate,
who was injured in an automobile ac
cident last evening on th Tucson road
was Aany Grace of ihis cny, and not
T. I. Grace of Douglas. T. H. bavin:;
been at Nogales last Sun 'ay, his many
friends kept the wires busy inquiriu ;
of the How man as to T. B.'s where
Ciiftoa: The Snanuon Copper cc;u-
puy at Cl.fton. Ariz., breaks all rec
ords in Arizona for the small percent
age of labor turnover in their opera
tions for the mouth cf September, ac
cording to a staienieut of Thomas J.
Croafi. fed :al director I nited States
employment aervi e. This company
employs 4.;. lut i in iti mui". smelter
and railroad During the month of
Sepuiiilv. there uere o.'.'.y nine
changes in the entire payroll. Thien
of these m?n quit of th-ir own at euiil.
tuie w as d:-t h..i j;e,l, ore was laid off
to make rot i'i for an old empioye who
ha l leturiu d and lour carpi r.ters were
laid off on ac'nint of reduction in rar
pemer force employed in construction
of tanks. '" he excellent record of the
Shannon Copper compaii)," said Di
rector Croat i. "has r.o equal in this
sta:e as far as our sen ire can ascer
tain. Tho irteudl) relations and spirit
of co-operation existing between the
Arizona management and the meu is the dintt
Phoenix: W. J Holt, an
Eautern freight brakoman. 14 Suutlt cause of such a small turnover of lalxir
Central aei:un. was injured in a and completely refutes the oft repeat
wreck on the Arizona Eastern near id statement that thu Mexican labor
Maricopa at 11 o deck yesterday morn- will not remain on the job. Practioal-
1 ing. lie was brought to the city on a ly all of the employes of this cum-
if fair more exciting j special train and then removed lo St. pauy are Mexicans and a number of
took U:'C yesterday j Josef h's hospital w here late at night them have been in the employ of the
A shooting
than u:ma,:iu
atteruouii on Eighth street between Le was reported as ha ing had "a very company (or several years THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW.TUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1918.
FIVE
COMMENT DEPICTS
APPROVAL FROM
ALL OVER
AT ON
'to crumbling autocracy, for no one
would want to parley with the mas-.
tera of Gtiuiauy wiio sent the Lusi
lauia down; yet tlie laconic phrasal
"unconditional surrender" would have
luriljed tue world with, its uuwiauk-i
able meaning.
SENATE APPLAUDS
DCTHV nc u
HLfLI UI 1
'mans made a fabric that served as a'
substitute for burlap In making sand
sacks for their trench fortifications.
BRITISH OFFICIAL
LONDON'. Oct. 14. The oificial Im
port of Field Marshal Haig tonight
says:
"On the British front south of the
Lys river only local actions have
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14. Senators been reported. Our patrols and ad-
em
VILOUil
Wils
t
on s
Stand Shows Such
Pueblo Chief u!u (Pueblo, Colo.):
;The American people stand unani
mously in support of President Wil-
Mim a dtorlurikt inn that there cut!
jno peace with the imperial German, Watson's reply to .Germany s peace I enabling progress to be made at cer
government. Their only tear has been proffer that they broke all precedent;
mat tnere mignt be some weakening, and applauded vigorously after the
some opportunity for compromise, text 01 it had been read by Senator
be were so well uleased with Presiri-nr i vaucea aetacninems nave Deen active,
Py. c? Ml TL i A 'some loss of military advantage. The Hitchcock, chairman of the toreign re-
iyiiuxiif,Lic j&lu ii"l rk-p-, president's words leave no ground for la lions committee. Later senate lead-
1 I- - 1 TT L J such fear.
out Press
Chicago Tribune: The president's
response to the German proposals
rises inevitably from the logic of those
noteworthy communications and ad
dresses which have marked our con
troversy with the imperial German
government. It expresses with force
and unequivocally the conviction and
purpose of the American people in this
war, and will receive their unhesitat
ing, undividtd and enthusiastic ap
prcvaL St. . Louis Globe-Democrat: The
president has not misinterpreted the
spirit of the nation in his reply. He
could not have said less and remain in
accord with the American people; it
was unnecessary to have said more.
Baltimore Sun: The president's
answer leaves door open to the
German people; if they will kick out
the kaiser, cease their attrocities and
then accept such terms as the allied
governments will grant. It invites
peace, but only on those conditions. .
Sioux City (la.) Journal: The re
ply of the president will meet the uni
versal approval of the people because
it is the statement of what the people
insist shall be the terms upon which
the war is terminated.
Lincoln (Neb.) State Journal: For
two days America resembled nothing
so much as a football crowd yelling to
the piayers: "Look out for a fake." A
few icy paragiaphs coming troni the
White House by way of the state de
partment stills the tun.lt. There is
no danger that the president will be
fooled by a fake.
Los Angeles Times: Germany will
have to come to ii. She must accede
to the president's ultimatum sooner or
later and the sooner the better for
Germany. Autocracy is doomed. Ger
many cannot escape the world trend.
Salt Lake City Herald: Now that
President Wilson has indicated that
note writing has adjournoj, let us gJ ,
on with the war. Germany under
stands w hat an unconditional surrend
er means and we know all it means
and that should constitute the first
consideration of peace.
res, both democratic and republicans,
i jin formal statements praised the reply
Arizona Record (Globe Ariz.) :Presi-las the forerunner of an unconditional
dent Wilson's reply to German notes surrender by the central powers,
is a complete answer in language! Heading of the nhte, Which, 'was
which cannot be misunderstood, satis-: transmitted to the senate through the
factory to American people except press gallery, came as the climax to
pacinsls and opponents who look tor a day of debate aur.ng which senators
Haws to serve as political capital. 'demanded that there be no peace nego-
btrong points are evacuation directed tlations until Germany had surrendered
solely by the entente allies, no ces-j unconditionally. Before the debate
satiou ,'of hostilities while Germany ended word reached the senate that
continues acts of inhumanity and spoil-'the president's reply would be made
ation, destruction of all arbitrary 'public at 6 o'clock and it was de-
uower. the chief of which of course is cided to postpone adjournment and
Hohenzoliern.
BRITAIN URGES
AMERICA TO BE
IN MUCH HASTE
(Continued from Pass onti
await it.
Senator Lodge of Massachusetts, the
republican leader, who lias vigorously
criticised the president's course in di
recting a note of inquiry to Germany
after receipt of the peace offer, was
among the first senators to issue a
public statement commending the pres
ident's reply.
"I am very glad and genuinely
pleased," said Senator Lodge, "that
the president takes the ground which
he does. Of course, everything he
says about the conduct of the Cer
tain points and the securing of a num
ber of prisoners.
"Local fighting has taken place in
the neighborhood of Erquingheni and
south of Wez-.Marquart, as a result of
which we captured several thousand
prisoners."
losses, declaring his country's losses
in fighting ships of all classes have
i,een approximately 230 "more than
twice the total losses of war vessels
nf the whole of our alies." and that
450 auxiliary craft, such as mine- man government, tne German army
sweeDers and trawlers, also have been jand the German navy is absolutely
destroyed. British merchant ships to true. Such conduct is quite suffici
the number of 2,400 with a gross ton-lent in itself to put an end to any
nage of nearly 7,750,000, have been i talk about an armistice,
sunk, he said, or "nearly three times j "The president's last clause in which
the aggregate losses of our allies and he In substance, declines to carry on
50 per cent more than the total losses any discussion with the German gov
cf all other allied and neutral coun-! eminent is very satisfactory and will,
tries." !l am sure, bring a great sense of re-
While British and American seajijef to the American people who, I
forces In all theaters of uval fighi-iam certain, desire ao unconditional
WS are a homeogeuous navy. Sir Eric 'Burrender won by the armies In the
added, the safety of lines of com- field."
munkation should not be taken ior Senator Hitchcock said:
GERMAN OFFICIAL
BERLIN, via London, Oct. 14. At
tacks by the allied troops on a wide
front between tlje Lys river and Dix-
mude have beii stopped by the Ger
mans, while efforts by the French and
Americans in Champagne have failed.
according to the German communica
tion issued tonight.
The communication follows:
"In Flanders the enemy attacked pn
a wide front between Dixmude and
the Lys. We have stemmed the
thrust.
"On the Oise and west of the Oise
and on, the Aire and west of the Meuse
attacks by the French and Americans
failed."
INFLUENZA STILL
INCREASING OVER
' epidemic abates, it was announced '
tcnilit. Day schools are not af- i
itcted. Lodge nieetiuss are, how- j
ever, placed under the ban. The ac-j
tion was taken by the influenza coru-
mission of Mlnois. representing the
rmy and navy and the public health
eJepurtiiieiHs of the state, city and:
YANK
SOLDIERS
MAKING COFFINS
ENTIRE COUNTRY
uanon.
Statistics for Chicago for the week
'just passed show that the total num
! i.'jt of ticv cases of influenza during
that period was 10.733, asaiust 3.962
for the preceding week. There were
110 deaths Sunday and more than
100 new cases were reported on that
day.
QUARANTINE AIDS CONTROL.
CSptclaJ to, iha IIcvikwj
FRENCH OFFICIAL.
Continued on Pace Five)
PARIS, Oct. 14. French troops
have captured the town of Boulers in
I'clgian-Flanders and also 2.500 pris
oners, according to the official an
nouncement tonight. In conjunction
with Italian troops the French cap
tured and passed beyond Sissonne and
south of Serre occupied the village
of Monceau-Les-Leups.
The statement says:
"South of Serre we have occupied
Monce-Au-Les-Leups and are about
one kilometer south of Ausis-Sur-Ser-re.
In co-operation with the Italians
we have captured and passed Sis
sonne. "In sp!te of lively resistance v.e
have made progress cn the north bank
of the Aisne and have carried out line
beyond the villages of La Malmaison,
Lor, Le Thour and St. Germammont.
I Blansy.'
several points north of
rantort 'T.erninnv is not heaten. is i. ...... ... ,..,..,. t,.,-'1" ct.iuu aicm c uavc t:ub3-
nnt no9r r hpnfpn and in SOTTIS re- j .11 J..i., ik.i U.O A1S.IB dl
""v v ... j - ( reuiuvtsa iu. uuuuis mat uatc uccu
spects Is stronger than ever she was. expregged aB to the wisdom of his
he warned, regarding me enemy s pnnriM anil nrovlded eeainut all the
dangers that critics have seen in .the
naval situation. "Should the German
naval policy be changed by force ofi Hclea he has been purgulnK.
circumstances or oy a spi.... ui -u-, He , t BtregB Qn fact
venture which it has so far failed to j h condition, to be met will
r.Bh, w'thandS! StTcomes up
will I am sure, take a worthy and -xp-tation e
Four tons of explosives are dropped
every day on Bruges and Zeebrugge,
cratic leader.
Qtbtr senators
who issued state-
fir Eric asserted, so that these ports nieuU approving the reply included,
Senators Wadsworth of New lork, and
In;,nanr,H0 Ofo,. T, iJI'. ' " " lv V"" " . ,J, V.1J .- TJI..
. F.f..i .. t . , latest information. ew 01 inuiaua, repuuntaiiB, buu nn-
answer to the German peace bid' . .,,,:., ,h bases and the ma- man, Nevada; Thomas, Colorado;
means, in undiplomatic language, un
conditional surrender."
BELGIAN OFFICIAL.
(By Review Leaeed Wire)
HAVUfc!, Oct. 14. On a front of
more than 12 miles between the
Handzaeme canal and the Roulers
Menin road, Belgian and French
troops today captured a number of
iOwls, a lrgae number cf suns and
I'.y Review Leased Wire)
ISLAND OF ISLAY. Scotland, Oct
14, (By the Associated Press.) Amer
ican soldiers brought here to aid in re
covering the bodies of their coiurauies
lost in he Otranto disaster are en
gaged in making 350 coffins; although
; the searchers believe that no more
i than 300 bodies will be found, owing
1 to an adverse change of wind.
JERO.ME, Ariz., Oct. 14. Officials: Of the 266 bodies already washed
cf the health service here announced ashore, 167 hs'3 heen identified, while
ll.ai the closing of schools, theaters, ' seven otheis are known to be those of
churchs and general suppression of i Americans but have not as yet been
public mteUugs had aided In the con-i identified. All of the bodies have been
tol of influenza. They said they be-, temporarily buried near the hamlet of
iie'.ed the peak of tte epidemic was ' Kilcnoman in huge graves in an open
passed. i field. They will be re-interred with
There have been 15 deaths here at-1 proper ceremonies when sufficient ccf
tri'uuted d:retly to the epidemic and fins have been finished.
150 cases of the disease have been I
reported since the epidiuic began. jo CLOSE TOWN
" (I!y Kevi w l.etwd Wire)
ERVIEN IS DEAD. CHICAGO, Oi;t- 14. rJl theaters.
(Sicial o The Review) moving picture shows and other places
SANTA FE. X. .U Oct. 14. State i ot amusement will be closed through
Laud Commissioner Kobert P. Lrvien i out the state of iilmou, on and after
died here tonight of double pneu-1 tomorrow, until the present epidemic
monia xollowini! an attack of Spams.i ot miiuenia. nas a Dated, it waa an-
(By Review l.-asc J Wire)
NEW 'iOHK, Oct. 14. W ith the
number of new influt nza cases on tne
increase in this city. Health Commis
sioner Copeiand announced tunignt
that ha iu'l called lor iimoi ro'.v a
meeting of 100 social welfare organiza
tions to piepare piaus lur Coiiyuio
relief woik into the homes to pieveia
further overcrowuing ot hospitals.
Cases of uillueiiza reported to tuu
health departifient today showed a
slight increase.
New influenza cases totalled 3-17,
as against 40 at yebteraay; pneumonia
cases 400 as against iai yesterday.
Deaths from intluenza were Vil
against 16S tor the day previo&j, ana
from pneumonia 235 against
(By Review Leased Wire)
EL PASO, Tex.. Oct. 14. This city
witnessed its first night military
funeral tonight when the bodies of
three victims of Spanish Intluenza jniUenza. Dceased was 52 years old ! nounced by state and cuy health au
were escorted to the union station by uiid Le in olfWe gince 19U He ls thorities tonifehL
i ii 1 1 1 1 n r vr Kanla an I ?iiitr n n 1 .- I
j -" : urvHed bv a wife and two sons, one
The funeral was the third held durms 1 ol the latter being at present witn 1
the day, a total -of ten uocies of soi-, tfl Americail txl.eJ.tionary forces in '
diers having been .sent home from ; j. rance; j
i-ort Bliss loday. j "
No estimate of the number of dead! THiKTY Dc- n GALLUP '
at the fort was given out tonight a j ,hy KBView"t-asi wire;
me meu.cul authorities were too busy GALLUP, N. M., Oct. 14. Several
;o prepare the death certificates. I ,.UI1(lrei ta.sej of Spanisa inl;Ueuza
iniuy-seven deaths occurred today . have bc.J.1 retorted nere and 30 per.
in the Mexican quarters, where the : scng ,mve di,,a from thy dUease dur.
disease has been spreaduig rapidly. ; la8t wcek. Tbe local hospital
li:e Associated Charities appealed Wi, trt.vaeJ wltu patient and the high
trolling the epidemic among the Mei-
FOOTBALL FOR RED CROSS
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW Uii. Oct. 14. A series Ci
intercoilegiate football games to be
played for the benefit of tbe war chari
ties fund w ill be the outstanding fea
ture ot" the sport next month. The con
tests will be staged in all sections of
the country and wui be held with the
sanction of the army and aavy departments.
lean.;.
TWENTY-SEVEN IN DENVER.
(By "Review Leased Wire)
DEXVt.IL Colo.. Oct. 14. Twenty-i
oten cieatlis from influenza iu lea-i
;r, ctcurrin.ij during the past I i I
iii-urs and reported to health aufhon- i
ii.s today, Lrought the total tor the
epidemic to 78. One hundred and
ninety-four now cases were reported
tcday, making the total cases re
ported 1.226.
Thicughout the state there was no
improvement iu cor.ditijns. N'eder-
laLd has 50 cases without a physician
ai the town. The mining town of
Sargent reports virtually everyone
Jill. it-id v.ith the disease, while the
ridtmic is spreading in a marlted
school M.iiciiij iias recently beeu
louvrted into a hospital. Word was
received today that medical aid was
leiug sent Irom Denver, as the doc
iors uave been working at nilit and
even then have been unable to care
or the sufferers.
TWELVE SONS IN ARMY
ouautiUcs of materials, according to : degree on the western slope, particu-
r.n official communication issued to-
ight by the Belgian war office.
larly in Montrose and Gunnison.
!'y R:jw I-ned Wire
! EAYV1LLE. La., Oct. 11. Twelve
sons in aMiva service is tae record
of K. II. Windsloir. a negro preacher,
cf this paiiih. Eight sons enlisted be-
..Uiv.ErOljS DEATHS IN CH ICACO. ' ,urd tbe enai'!'ent cf the selective
u:y Kcvu-w Le.is-1 Wm) service law and the other four are in
CHICAGO, Oct. 14 in the 43 '..ours tne national army. Two of the sol
tnuiiig at 9 a. m. today, .2.174 new , uk'rs are twin:- the last tnr?e triplets,
cases of ial!uei:za a.id 6S9 new cases ; Realise of the remarkable record
of pneumonia were reported in Chi-' Pld:xs are unJer way for a rublic dem
cag?. During the same period there onstration for Mr. Windslow. He al
ke,e 216 deuths from intluenza and ready has received a congratulatory
-02 from pneumonia. i letter from President Wilson. Mr.
I w tndslow conducts a Ked Cross auxil-
TRAFFIC OFFSCERETTE.
! iary.
--
(Ey Iteview Leawd Wire)
The stork arrived at the ho ne
..:r aim .irs. a. u. Keese ust nigiit, I i
bringing a winsome baby d?'ight:"r. ;
Mr. Reese is city traffic officer and !
possiLl in these djy.i of suffrage ,
will train the young woman to relieve
fV
VJTf.T
DOWN
Tcledo Times: President Wilson has
prosecuted nntil the
have been kicked out.
Fort Worth Record (Fort Worth,
Tex.): Potsdam has its answer. Wil
helm must abdicate atrocities on land
and sea must cease; autocracy must
go the way of the evil things of the
earth.
VIENNA ADMITS DEFEAT
(By Review :aaed Wire)
VIEXXA. Oct. 14 via London).
are removing the bases ana tne ma- '.
. .!,., ,., 7 !.aiiQH n,. in S iennard. Texas and Overman. North."16 ar nice today says.
su'riace fi'sliting he added, the allies j Carolina, democrats. I "'n the region north of Nish w th i Chicago and throughout the stats I mine at Kinsman average 40 percent'
w";." .i "' .' t-J i th vnrtK o Idrawal engagements continue, the civil cf Illinois uutil the present influenza1 copper.
Iia.t; .ac iu"J . 1 , , ti. ,.1,1., Thn orlBmV
has manifested strong pressure in the
Moravia valley."
CHICAGO CLOSES TIGHT.
(By Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO. Oct. 14. All night
schools, theaters, moving picture' aim at his duties,
shews and other places of amusement
will be closed on and after tomorrow Shipments from the Grand Gulcn i
I in th Arlriatin and in the Mediter-1 rvTTMcn rr" IP
spoken. The war w ill be victoriously j mnean. Sir Eric added that "dan- !UrrCJ:iV.tiJr
rlonenzollerns orm, min fields have been laid bv AI.LIfcJJ KlLr"L.I
cur submarines and fast, offensive j -j-q pCIpISJVi
III 1 11 k;-lay cia uui tutu .uv uvui.u v
the Ems behind Helgoland," the op
eration being performed,-'"night after
night."
Rocky Mountain News (Denver,
Cole): The nation will feel immensely
relieved that it has been fre?d for
the time being of any association with
the barbarian and if the people had
(Continued from Paso On)
1,000 DEAD
HORDE
IN
HURT
HOLOCAST
(Continued from Page On)
this section of Minnesota and a por-
thelr way they would much prefer, of norlhern Wisconsin four days
that the allied governments have noth
Ing to do with him until he is beaten
down to his knees by force of arms.
And now let the notes be-as few as
possible.
Salt Lake City Tribune (Salt Lake
City, Utah): The president has once
more done the right thing at the right
time and the American people may
rest assured that there will be no
peace with Germany until all the con
ditions laid down are accepted and
guarantees given by a responsible gov-eminent
Nevada State Journal (Reno, Ne
vada): President Wilson's reply will
meet the approval of a very large per
centage of the American people, to
gether with the further statement that
this nation will continue to send 250,
000 men to France, with no relax
ation. Germany must understand that
our terms are unconditional surrender.
Herald Democrat, (Leadville, Colo.):
The world is not going to permit Prus
sian autocracy to "save its face"
through a negotiated peace. There is
a way out for Germany, but it is
through the lowly gate of penitence
for crimes committed, full reparation
and tangible guarantees of good faith
Amarillo News (Amarillo. Tex.):
These elements which have ruled Ger-
ago. Motor trucks arriving at fre
quent intervals brought in mere and
more bodies, and the sad vigil of the
watchers continued throughout the
night.
During the last twenty-four
hours the bodies of 300 victims
have been, found in the charred
No Man's Land which before tne
fire formed the smiling shores of
Moose Lake and Kettle river. The
majority of the. bodies, some of
which were taken to Duluth, were
so badly charred that identifica
tion will be difficult. Searcners
have been cn duty for ten hours
but there has been as yet no slack
ening of the pace at which the
bodies are brought in. Adjutant
General Rhinow tonight estimated
that the number of dead in the
Mocse Lake and Kettle river re
gions alone might reach 500.
These, with the other dead from
adjoining regions, will, it is be
lieved, swell the list of dead to
nearly the 1000 mark.
Improvised hospitals here, and the
permanent institutions at Duluth, are
caring for thousands of more or less
line and a swift advance would im
peril the entire German force inside
the sack from the Oise river west of
Flavigny to Sissonne, east of I-aon.
Probably the greatest resistance of
the allies is faced by the Americans
on both sides of the Meue river.
Vicious counter attacks are being de
livered against the men from the
United' States, the fierceness of the
assaults indicating that fresh forces
have been brought' into the fray to
halt their do-or-die efforts to proceed
up the river valleys and thereby com
pel the Germans in case of a retreat
to wend their way obliquely north
eastward instead of eastward, toward
the German border. Concentrations
cf artillery are being used against the
American positions at various places.
Gas shells are not being spared by
the enemy in his efforts to hold tbe
Americans in check.
All the counter attacks of the Ger'
mans thus far have been withstood
by General Liggett's men, and the
American artillery is answering the
German guns shot for shot. ,
FREE 6000 PEOPLE
WITH THE FRENCH ARMY IX
THE LAOX AREA, Oct 14 (By the As
sociated Press). General Mangin in
driving he Germans 'out of Laon,
freed the six thousand inhabitants that
remained there from actual slavery.
They were not only despoiled of their
household goods, their money and oth-
SOLDIERS HARVEST CROPS.
CA"MP DIX, WRIGHTSTON. N. J..
Cct. 14. The soldiers are harvesting
the crop from the 300-acre demonstra
tipn garden planted last spring by the
National War Garden commission.
They are counting 300.CJOO ears of
sweet corn and. 480,000 pounds of po
tatoes as well as weighing 481,000
pounds of hay and measuring up over
0 OHO pounds of string beans.
The soldier-farmers gave a harvest
luncheon. Lieutenant Bonner took
great pride in showing a field of
broom corn from which the reclama
tion service will make about 2,000
brooms. Ask Mrs. Housewife if this
is Important and she will say ys, lor
brooms are now over the dollar mark
at the corner store.
Indications here are that the war
department will do big things next
year now that this demonstration gar
den has "made good" with a crop
valued at (25.000.
ARE ALWAYS POLITE.
BEHIND THE ALLIES LINES,
Oct. 14. Even though sui'iering, the
French poilus emerging from ether in
the numerous, hospitals to the rear
have never been known to fail to be
stow upon the operating surgeon the
French offer of thanks by a senti
mental "Merci."
American physicians have been as
tonished at the amazing regularity
with which the poilus show their
gratitude for their services. After the
most painful undertakings and the
"7 c:inv.' c emta thront rl Kn
r:at,l-ft nh.l :it -. d ere. to uicieaty
t:ii n.- sto L? ICKo". try
EOilIA3fS ALTERATIVE
Th's a. Palr;f?n t ration ros.
f k ; :;3r od t-nl-- Xiiu. addition to
Its re'.iil iualitit& c.-rtalu tin Al
cohol. Narcotic or iiaoi'-Ptrmuie Dn.
$2 row $1.59. Jl six, bow 3c
J""'c ..icIaJcs var tax. All dnitla
rj
ill iv
i wit w rzSztmim
i
er pessession, but they were robbed ciost critical operations, the "Merci
of their time. . t. never forgotten when the soldiers
The officers commanding the town cf France "come to.
pretended that the right of "requisi-
injured refugees many of whom areition" extended to labor and according
in a critical condition. iy. obliged men, women and children
The force of rescue workers will be't0 labor fcr the German army in vari
doubled tomorrow. General Rhinowjous ways. The requisitioned labor was
said. I'p to this time only the main paid for as were requisitioned products
roads have been explored, it Has been in orders tipon the mayor. The
impossible to search the great areas town, consequently, paid for the labor
"The poilu is an exception when it j
cc-.nes to undergoing madical and sur-'
gieal treatment," said an Amercan
physdiin. "H is the most uncom
plaining and in the same degree the
mrst thankful patient in the hospitals."
uia.u ior ... ..ui vs i":lhat search is expected to result in inK forces
i - ,..... .-k ';the finding or hundreds more victims
paper which they might tear up at jn ,he rujng of thejr de.B,royed ,lome8
ineir couenieiiL-e. Ai.'enca, iuuuku, i
grim visagea as tn, iooks into tne
future night; yet ca
n.i.h f.ii'ilinn k n A ml
" . . . ;neat, thinking the lire miht pa
rajeu Bi-i. -u.iM-.-v., uc.ui, I them. by. Many refugees here. In a
dent that right will now surely pre-1 grioU8 con(,itjon from exporiUr.. 8aid
vai'- j they stood for hours in ice cold wa-
. ,, .. ter while the flames taced above them.
.Morning journal i Aiouquerqun, ..
M: The German people would her
ald their armies as victorious if we
waste by the fire andjdone by its citizens for Cue occupy- HEALTH SERVICE MOBILIZES.
Men and girls were forced to serve
as beater for German ofticers on
(I'.y Review Ieawwl Wire)
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14. The pub
any persons, also are believed to hunting expeditions. The girls were i1r i1(.r,i,h ervir nnm.nrP tm.f.r',1
, .oors inio i"cjhave been drowned in lakes in which jais0 obliged to go to the .Holds and . , .... . . ...
rr.es alight heart. , tnpy tf)ok r(.fuRe frpln the terrincgatLrnlulci from which the Ger- 1 is lor a national campaign
uiittary soldier ar- ;hcat tninkj.lg tne fire n,isht pass againt-t the nation-wide epidemio of
mercifully piece Jed by unconscious-1 Spanish influenza. Additional .head-
Rural residents, refugees say. were
given but a moment's warning before
armies as victorious it we lh fi,.rv hnrrir-nnp u....,t rtn ..,
quit fighting now and immediately be-,t(lem A pan of KIIlf,k(. h.1(1 ,,1nK ovpr
gin laying Uieir plans for another war. the Clin(rve f(,r hours, and a ma
Let's not ask Germany what she is jori,y .,.Vpa the holocaust to be
willing to do. Let's march through mereIy tne ..fall fjreb.. vhj(.n are an.
to Berlin and when the proper time nuai occurrences. V hen the danger be
comes well tell Germany exactly what,HIIle apparent thev rushed into eel
she is going to get, which will be jnsl ! fc,rs or huddled together wherever a
what America and the allies see fit to B)jKnt depression in the ground seem
dole out to her. e, to promise protection. Whole fam-
ilies have been found suffocated, their
The Daily Dispatch (Douglas. Ariz.): bodies burned to a crisp. In a ma
The president's reply hits the mark.jjority of cases, physicians say. death
and will be commended as a challenge was caused by suffocation and was
ness.
Otficials in
. , . , . 'quarters for state wide efforts to con
still are unable to make an accurate ro1 tlle disease will be established
estimate of the material dainrigo re- In co-operation with state and local
suiting from the fire. It was aid. health authorities at Baltimore. Mr.
however, that in this distii. t alone. :Columbu ohto Richmond. Va . and
fifty square miles has been stripped!
clean of timber, cri.ps, livestock an , Columbia, S. C. ,. While., the epidemic
human habitation. continues unabated in most sections,
No further danger is anticipated al- the number of new cases at army
though the conliaiiration continues In camps showed a decrease, the total
isolated areas. Fire south and south- for tl-e 48 hours ending at noon to
west of CasH Lake, driven by a hi?tt day being 15,102. l"neumonla cases
wind, were said to l.e gaining tonight for tJie two days were 4.7S0 and the
w ith the city directly in the path of j dcjlhs, 142. Since, jtho beginning
the flames, but it was believer! cf- of thu epidemic in army camps, the I
foils of the fire liyhlirs would pro- total cases of Influenza reported Is
vent the fire from attaining fceriou '-oO.O.'O; pneumonia, 311.405, and d;l:.
proportions. 10,741.
You Fight-Fighi
FIGHT as these American soldiers fought in the
streets of Fismes. "They covered themselves with
glory," the papers say. Of course they didthey are
Americans. ' j
They met the finest of the enemy's troops in a ter
rific hand-to-hand struggle. They used their guns
their bayonets their bare fists. Every American soldier
went after his man desperately, fearlessly, persistently,
with one great driving purpose to whip that Prussian
Guard, 'to silence its machine guns to win I
It's a pretty good way to fight this American way.
It wins battles over there, it will win a splendid victory
over hereif we fight when we fight if we buy
Liberty Bonds to our utmost.
When you fight fight! When you buy buy!
Lend the way they fight-Buy Bonds to your utmost
This Space Contributed to Winning the War by
Southern Arizona Auto Co. SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1918.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
j Un. Motors .
I Westinghouse
(Bv Review Leaned Wire)
NEW YORK. Oct. 14. Discounting
the outcome of momentous events
over the double holiday, the stock
market today proceeded on the theory
that Germany's latest overtures had
materially hastened the cessation of
the war.
This belief was heightened in the
ccurse of tne session when it became
known that Turkey had submitted an
ofiMal note through neutral sources,
announcing its auherence to Wash
ington's program as a basis for peace
negotiations.
Virtually every branch of the list
strengthened, though very dispropor
i.ouae.y, in the active advance.
Rails as a group were strong, almt'st
,-buoyancy, p&cilics, as usual, lead
Urangeis kept pace with Atcai-
recording, an extreme ri.se of 3
'..t-
Prices averaged highest levels iu
jistciit uciuand oi the last hour,
nit"d States Steel then risi:,g lam
- : : 106H to 109?4. closing
practically at its best with a net 0-i
j.o.nts.
s 3 lo almost 10 poin.3
in Royal Dutch, Texas Cornea.:.. .
. - g t - i
" tensive prolit-tak-of
the Ti: a hour. Sales ua..- t
i . e.-i.
j 8 e dl Uv.
,i ... a. id ULery is
S . i. .. ;U .lie. , llj- t ."..
- . : j te changed Tot "
'".s, ::-' 1 e, ng;rgatei 0 -"'
' ' tat o.i
unchanged on call.
of brokers in the pits and made pub
lic the intention of the federal offi
cials to purchase large amounts ot
corn for November and December de
a.ery. Instantly there as a wild
rush on the part of the crow'd to fol
low suit. The greater part of the ex
citing advance of about 11 cents from
tue ootiotu figures took place in the
next live minutes. Tnen came nu
merous quick successive greaks and
tules, with the general up war J
tendency, however, 'no. interrupted
except for brief intervals. Through
out the day investors as wel as shorts
took hold in eager fashion.
J.r -t'S in oats and provisions were
due wholly to the action of corn.
BOSTON
Adventure SO
Allouez 49
Alaska 3
Az. Coml 15V-2
tiutte 24
C. & A S
C. & H. , 460
Ohino :i9si
Chile 21 i
f. Ranee
46
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14 Lead un
d: spot 805. Spelter un-
I anped. Spot East St. Louis de
livered offered at 865.
COTTON MARKET.
lORK. Oct. 14. Cotton
,-e y sterdy at a net ad
o 7- ptvnts.
GRAIN MARKET.
(By Review Leased Wire)
IliCAGO. Oct. 14. Sudden notice
i the United States government
.jld he a free buyer of corn gave
hirlwind upward sweep of 10ri
llc today to the corn market,
ansient weakness, which values
r' crn s a result of the German
answer f President Wilson's inquiry,
p cut into complete eclipse. The flu
.sh of trading was strong at nearly
fhe top prices of the session, with
November 121 to 121 and Decem
ber HSU to 11854, a gain of 54 to
compared with the close on Fri
day. Oats finished 2 to 2c up, and pro
visions up from 30c to $1.
Rallies from sharp declines .with
which the corn market had opened
were well in progress when a half
hour after the beginning m ousiness
the secretary of the board of trade
appeared in the gallery of the ex
change ball far above e hundreds
NEW YORK.
c s -1 e- 14
Ov r'ork Broker.)
. . . .
ran.
Loco. ...
uic ters
Suar ...
. 70 U
. 4 .
. 84"i
. 66
- 79
.110 'i
-.!. ii 73
0 59-4
: r & i 42
a . Pac 173
n. Leather 678
rucible - 56
Distillers 4S4
Crie 10
uocdrich -. 53
Jpn. Motors .-...119
Ind, Alcohol 102
ackawanna 74
Marine 29
Marine, pfd .119
Mex. Petro 138
Midvale 49
s Y. C 76
Ncr. Pac 92
Reading 90
Rubber 64
Studebaker 59
Steel 109
Steel, pfd 110
St. Paul i 50
Southern Pac. ... 91
Sinclair Oil 193
Union Pac 132
U. S. M - 44
Coughs and Sneezes
Spread
eJ Butte 10 Vt
Granby 80
O. Con 52
Tlancocjc - 6
Indiana SO
'nspirfition 545i
Kennecott 34
La Salle 3
MiPmi 28
Mohawk 5S
Mayflower 2
M Butte IS -
Nip 8S5
" -"l 40
Osceola 56
LIMITED AMOUNT OF
CANNING SUGAR NOW
' IN THIS DISTRICT
THOSE WISHING TO PUT UP
FRUIT MAY OBTAIN CERTIFI
CATE FROM E. C. CAMPBELL TO
DAY FOR THIS PURPOSE, HE
SAYS IN ANNOUNCEMENT
to the carrying of material for Per-1
shi.ig's army is responsible for a check
in the flow cf wheat, and is responsi
ble for a temporary lull in the demand
for wheat. There is no occasion for !
growers to become alarmed, says a i
1 message from Herbert Hoover on this
subject. He advised them to have a,
little patience and assures growers ;
'that the wheat will ail be moved and!
the full price secured by all who sell !
to the government. I
66
c-ttick " 16
Shannon . .. 334
4
Mrys 48
--h -n-,er 84
Winona 1
CURBS.
' "in . . . .
?d;e
Cal. & Jer .
8
5
17
13
i7 k
A limited amount of sugar is no
available for canning purposes, and
certificates may be obtained from E. C.
Campbell, deputy county food admin
istrator. Ka'-h county within this state is lim
ited to an aliowance of two pounds
per month for each person, and any
abuse of the canning privilege would
result in a shortage cf sugar for gen
eral household use.
The principal reason for granting
certificates for si?ar to be used foi
canning purposes is to save fruit that
might otherwise go to waste. Re
quests for certificates should only be
made where the fruit is actually on
hand. Sugar certificates will not be
issued for making orange marmalade,
etc. Oranges will be more plentiful
later in the season, and possibly at
that time the sugar shortage will be
relieved.
.riz ..
C'er
'rtis
, .
m .
oi
Gadsden
. IS
.100
.iowe So'ind
P OnEEHLEE GOUHTY IN
LEAD AS SHIPPER OF
GRAIN, AT PRESENT
Political Gossip
( From the Arizona Gazette.)
Democracy, law, justice and the
sovereign will of the people are swept
aside as nothing at all by the state
democratic committee in endorsing
Senator Fred Colter as the democratic
i
nominee for chief executive of Ari
zona. The constitution of Arizona, as ratl
, fiid by the people, says he cannot in
; crease a salary as a legislator and
I then be elected to an office where he
will profit by such increase of salary.
Colter as a legislator voted for a legis
lative bill which raised or increased
'ie salary of the governor. Now he
Is seeking to benefit by his legislative
nction, contrary to the mandates of
the sovereign will of the people as
expressed in the constitution of the
state of Arizona.
The following is the exact wording
of the constiution:
"Sec. 5. No member of the legis
lature during the term for which he
. shall have been elected, shall be ap
pointed or elected to any c:'vil off:ce
of profit under this state, which shall
hive been created. o- the emoluments
of which shall have been increased,
during said term."
It remains to be seen if the people
of Arizona are going to allow Hunt I
and his machine candidate to tear and !
destroy the most sacred document of !
the state into shreds, kaiser-like, as j
bits of paper. The democrats of Ari-1
zona are a law-abiding, fair-dealing j
sort; they believe in law and order,
and it is safe to say they will not al
low Hunt with the aid of his I. W. W.
friends to force an illegal candidate
down their threats.
Two years ago the democrats ex
pressed a very strong desire to rid the
state of Hunt and Huntism. Most like
ly they will express themselves more
emphatically and refuse to vote for his
candidate. Colter.
Tucson: James Fagan was arrest
ed last evening on South Sixth avenue
by Policeman Ben Steen and taken to
the police station for examination.
There it was discovered that he had a
1917 registration card on which the
printed date had been erased and the
date 1918 written in. In explanation
e siid that th 1917 card was the
enly kind the local board of Plumas
county, California, had. The explana
tion did not satisfy and a telegram
si? pe"t to the adjutant general of
California, making inquiry concerning
'"aeon's registration record. There
were indications of further erasures
on the card. Fagan slid he was going
to Mexico. He had on a shirt which
officers declared was an army shirt
.' recent issue.
TO THE VOTERS
We, the undersigned, citizens of
Benson. Ariz., understand that a letter
appeared in the October 4 issue oi
Dunbar's Weekly, wherein it was
stated that Lo Wright, on July 12,
117, assisted in the Bisbee deporta
tions of that date.
We believe in clean campaigns, and
we do not believe that the voters of
Cochise county favor the election of
men through misrepresentations or
falsehoods.
We therefore address this letter in
the Interest of fair play, to Btate that
of our own knowledge. Lo Wright was
in Benson during the entire morning
of July 12, 1917, and until 1 o'clock
p. m. of that day. We understand that
the deportations were over before
noon of that day. so that it would have
been an impossibility for Lo Wright to
have assisted in same, and we know
that he did not.
Lo Wright has lived in Cochise
county for twenty years, is married
and has a family. His reputation and
henesty cannot be attacked. He has
proved himself to be a capable officer
and is entitled to a square deal.
We are willing to make affidavits
of the facts herein stated, if necessary.
CHARLES E. GOETZ,
H. W. ETZ.
J. S. McGCIRE.
BYRON MERRILL,
F. N. GODDMAN.
ADRIAN MERRILL.
Advertisement.
2?i
3',i
50
4
f 1 A 1 . .
;2 ' ureuitre county iiiis vume iu luc
' f . . i ........ A .1
j Liciui ua cut; U'tiiutri cuum ui nil
ilecla .... I - 5 j
: Vprd I,
". Victor .100
.larma Copper 32 zona in the matter of shipments of
.Magma Chief grain direct to the grain corporation
Miami Con. .. 5 j of the food administration.
ikmulgee 2 ; In a letter received today at the
P. Jer 40 I state headquarters of the food admin-
r'orpiiyry istration, K. K. Minson, food admin
Ray Here 4,istrator for Greenlee county, reports
. om Reed 143 j that nine cars aggregating 630,000
Tuolomne .... , 94 , pounds of wheai have been shipped
U. Eastern 402 i this season irom Duncan to the gov
Verde Ex 38 ; ernment's buying agency at Falveston,
Verde Comb 55 ' Texas. These larmers will receive the
Wol. Ariz l?s ; fun government price, based on a guar
White Caps 15 ! antee cf $2 per bushel at farmers' ship-
GIRLS' PAINS
AND WEAKNESS
When the Skin Seems Ablaze
With Itching and Burning
Yield to Lydia E. Pinkham'i
Vegetable Compound.
Thousands of Girls Benefited
There's just one thing to do.
If your skin seems ablaze with the
fiery burning ard itching of Eczema,
real and iamr. relief can only
come from treatment that goes be
low the surface that reaches down
to the very source of the trouble.
So-called skin-discases come from
a disordered condition of the blood,
and search far and near, and you
cannot find a blood remedy that ap
proaches S. S. 5. for real efficiency.
the proper treatment is through the
blood.
S. S. S. has been on the market for
tifty years, during which time it hai
been giving uniform satisfaction for
all manner of bloocf disorders. If
you want prompt and lastg relief,
you can rely upon S.' S. S. For ex
pert advice as to the treatment of
your own individual case, write to
day to Chief Medical Adviser, Swift
Specific Co. Dept. C, Atlanta, Co.
West End
Aright Martin
1
ping points. Ibis was the special ratu
As Dangerous as Poison Gas Shells
SPREAD OF SPANISH INFLUENZA
MENACES OUR WAR PRODUCTION
U. St Public Health Service Begins Na
tion-wide Health Campaign.
Washington, D. C. In order to limit
the spread of Spnnisli influenza nnd
keep it from making still further in
roads ou the nation's war production
the U. S. TuMie Health Service under
authority of the resolution Just passed
by Oongivss nppropriatins fl.tHKJ.OOO
to combat the disease has inaugurated
a nation-wide campaign of public
bcnlth education In co-operation with
state and local -health officers to teach
the people of this country how tojafe
fuard their hcultlu keep themselves
physically Gt nnd so help mnintaiu the
high standard of war production at
tained within the Inst few months.
Secrelary McAdon, under whose di
rection the work of the U. S. Public
Health Service Is carried on, is taking
an active Interest In the henlth cam
paign. Despite the tremendous de
mnnds on his time because of the
Fourlh Liberty Umn and the work of
the Itallroad Administration, lie Un
personally asked the help of the na
tion's iicws;inirrs in putting this im
portant educational work before I lie
people.
In response t request for definite
advice com-erning Spanish influenza,
Surceon GeiiiTitl Rupert Ulue of the
U. S. Public Health Service has au
thorized the following statement :
The disease now spreading over
thix country is highly i-iiti-Iiln ;md
mny invade your community and
attack you nnd your family unless
you are very careful.
Influenza Is a crowd disease.
Therefore keep out of crowds as
much us possible.
Influenza probably spreads most
ly by inhaling some of the tiny
droplets of germ-laden mucus
sprayed into the air when Ignorant
or careless persons sneeze or
cough without using a handker
chief. Therefore cover up each
- cough and sneeze.
Influenza is probably spread also
by the filthy Imliil of spitting on
sidewalks, street cars and oth
er public places. Therefore do
not spit on the floor or sidewalk.
Influenza Is probably spread also
by the use of common drinking
cups and the use of common
towels in public places. Therefore
slum the common drinking cup and
the roller towel In public places.
If you feel sick and believe you
huve 'Spanish' Influenza, go to
bed nnd srnd for the doctor. This
Is important. Don't get up too
soon, your heart feels as tired as
your legs nnd needs rest.
In all health matters follow
your doctor's advice, and obey the
regulations of your local and state
health oHicers.
All I hot has been said above
about "Sii.mf.-li" Influenza is true
also of oii'ls. bronchitis, pneu
liioi'i;i and I u! n ulosis. Io your
part fj If.'cp them away.
OATMAN.
(By Collins & Bretherton.)
Argo 03
Adams
Arizona Rex
Ariz.-Tom. R
Lig Jim Con. :
licundary Cone
Gold Ore .
t.old Road Bon
Clold Cliff
Lucky Boy :
S'.innyside
Telluride 05
Tom Reed 1.42
United Eastern 4.00
Red Lion ;.
.02
.05
.05
.03
OTHER CURBS.
Cadsden ". 2.87
Green Monster 44
Cutte London i... .15
Dundee 75
Venture Hill 02
Pitts Jerome 36
Jerome Verde 46
Ark.-Arlzona 08
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles 06
Hull Corper 47
Maeraa "Chief 12
Wolv-Arizona 1.75
Verde Combination 53
Miami Consolidated 53
Great Ray
Xacozari Cons
Con. Cop. Mines 6.50
Porphyry 37
Cal. & Jerome 56
Feather River
yd
HI
m
Alftyu PQtf Mi
fas?
g-t.ifH.t fill f Tt .--1WguoBMa
ova established for the inter-inountain sec-
I tion, which includes all points in this
state.
Farmers who are unable to dispose
.01 1 of their wheat because of -a seetn
.02 ' ing lack of demand are advised not to
.15 ' sell their stocks at a lower figure, as
.05 ! some are now doing, but to get in
.08 I touch with the representatives of the
.02 i grain corporation. Growers residing
.06 ! in not them Arizona and east of Casa
.02 Grande in southern Arizona should
.15' communicate with E. F. Xewing, care
.02 1 Grain Corporation, Food Administra-
tion, Galveston, Texas. Those living
.OS ! west of Casa Grande and in the Salt
1.43 river valley should write to the Grain
4.03 Corporation Headquarters, Food Ad-
.15 i ministration. Los Angeles, Calif.
The recent diversion of grain ships
1 HORRORS OF BAD BLOOD
1.00 j '
.04 '
.40 '.'All maladies of racking torture
50 I qualms, joint racking rheums, fierce
!ll ! catarrhs, intestine stone and ulcer
1 cholic pangs, marasmus, dropsies, as
'l2 thmas, pining atrophy, moping melan
'50 'cholia. moonstruck madness .what mis
.13 eries?" Milton.
194 I This is the state of man or woman
55 j suffering from poisoned blaqd. Read
.55 i what the U. S. Dispensatory and other
35 ! authoritative books say in regard to
'45 '-the ingredients entering into "Number
5 73 ' 40 For Tne Blood": "Employed in
50 ! diseases ot tne . glandular system, in
g2 1 blood poison, mercurial and lead
jo j poisoning, rneuiuuiisin, caianu, cuiisu- j
pauon, diseased liver. Kidneys ana 1
?pleen. Under its use nodes, tumors,
sores, ulcers, mucuous patches, copper'
colored spots and scrofulous enlarge-1
ments disappear as if by magic." In
sist on "Number 40," made by J. C. 1
Mendenhall, Evuiisville, Ind., 40 years I
a druggist. I
Sold by Central Pharmacy, Bisbee, I
I Ariz.; Lowell Drug company, Lowell, j
Ariz. 1
HI!
i! 'I --.
"ill
X,
5f
j if
St Louis, Mo. "When I was only
fifteen years old mother had to put me
, 10 Dea every mania
Jil!l!!!!!!lM for twodaysbecause
1 Bartered sucn pain.
I also suffered from
a weakness and
mother took me to
a doctor but he did
not help me. Finally
mother made me
take Lydia E. Pink
ham's Vegetable
Compound and it
has made me strong
and healthy, bo
when mother or I
hear any woman complaining we tell
them about Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege
table Compound and what it did for
me." Mrs. John Frame, 1121 N. 18tb
St, St Louis, Mo.
Girls who suffer as Mrs. Frame did
should not hesitate to give this famous
root and herb remedy, Lydia E. Pink
ham's Vegetable Compound, a trial, as
the evidence that is constantly being
published proves beyond question that
this grand old remedy has relieved more
suffering among women than any other
medicine.
For confidential advice write Lydia E.
Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass.
The result of their forty years experi
ence is at your service. I
r
Next 77me
YourCoffee
doGsrvt suit
you why not
xry
Instant
Postum
Yhen you stop to
thinkthattensof
thousands of
families now use
it in preference
to coffee, you
must realize '
"There's a Reason"
Needs But Little
Sugar:
ALLENBY ON WAY
NORTH TO ALEPPO
Mm
r Jrr f
r
Fourth Liberty Loan Bonds ready
for delivery. Pay cash and get yours
now at the MINERS AND MER
Gmm Allenby, hi commaad of
Ithe allied army in Syria, bas left
Damascus far behind in his pursuit
of the Turks. He is following the
railway from Damascus to Aleppo.
By capturing the latter city he will
jcut the railroad running front Coo
Istantinople to Mesopotamia and thus
iotate the Turkish Mesopotamia
Buy Your
usiness Stationery
in Bulk
Why pay extra money for fancy
hoxes and wrappings? Get it with
out the frills, cut to any size you
:dV up into packages, pads
or tablets to suit your needs.
We have a very good grade ot
TYPL WRITER PAPER which
we are selling at $1.35 per ream
i (v.. I I inches) .
It rt UOO
d assortment of
Envelopes all sizes
Ruled Index Cards
Mailing Tubes assorted
Carbon Paper
Blotting Paper, Etc
Review Job Printing
Phone 39
Department
Upstairs
J
CHANTS BANK. 898 THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1918.
SEVEN
i
fr
DAILY REV1EVJ WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate or 1 cent per -ord each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisements must reach The Review office not Idler than 8 p. tn. for insertion in next morning's paper.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Laborers. Government J
works at Norfolk, Va. White, color-1
ed and Mexicans for U. S. housing j
corporation. Good board and work-
Ing conditions. Ship October IS, !
twn..Hnn fr tin t.iiners will i
h -rented. For information see I
O. S. French, or G. J. Wilbert, Bis-j
bee. Ariz. 127
WANTED Bell Boy, Copper Queen I
hoteL tal j
Female Help Wanted
WANTED
A competent maid for I
general housework. Phone 33;).
WAN I'ED Middle aged white woman
I..; oneral housework in family of j
Good home for right party.
... . . Geo. McC'arty, Naco, Ariz. tD I
WANTED Woman to do
general!
housework in family of two. Call at
99-A Youngblood hill. 45
WANTED Waitress. Copper Queen
hotel 'jo
Male and Female Heip Wanted
j
WANTED Alan ana wue to worn on
ranch. Apply Brophy Carriage com-
in 107
For Sale
FOR SALE Gentle milk cow and calf,
cheep.' Holstein. Box 3275, Li-!
well.. S3
FOR SALE-1 A five room house
pletely furnished and garage.
ren. J. C. Lackner, Black Knob
View.
FOR SALE New four room house.
Box 953, Warren, Ariz. 123 i
FOR SALE Buick light six, five pas-:
senger, 1917 model. F. J. Keogh 1
Auto Upholstery & Paint Shop,
well. 125 ;
FOR SALE Ranch, 160 acres, all j
fenced, patented wiridmill, plenty 01 !
wotw. f .! otv'lr a fnnr rnnn li ( i n !
a mile and a half from Lee station.
11800. Inquire Box 161a, Risbee. 102
FOR SALE Six cylinder, seven pas
senger Studebaker, only driven 30011
miles. Will sell for about one-half
price. This is the best buy iu iBs
bee. Box 607, Bisbee. 96
FOR SALE Oakland six. 1916 model,
stripped. Cheap for cash. Phone j
418. 130 j
FOR SALE White Leghorn pullets, !
$15 to $13 a dozen; also fryers. A.
J. Zeller, 218 Douglas street, War- j
ren. 62 j
FOR SALE Jersey cow, first" house
south of church in Don Luis.
FOR SALE-l)ouble barreled shot-!
gun. Call t2 Quality hill, or Boxj
2150, Bisbee. 49 ,
FOR SALE Five room house with or j
- without furniture, corner lot. I.ots I
shade trees. School hill. 151 Claw-1
son avenue, corner Opera Drive. 6 j
FOR SALE We handle the Pressure
Cooker and can fill orders prcmpt-
. ly. Phone 734 for cookers or dem- i
onstration. Bisbee Mattress works'. 3
FOR SALE Furniture. Phone Red
745. Mason avenue car stop. 16
FOR SALE Ford touring car, 1318
model. Apply Hood & Bledsoe ga
rage. 22
FOR SALE! Four room house. Van !
Dyke street, Warren. Carl McCon-i
nell. 994 1
FOR SALE Four room modern home i
in Warren, two large porches, one'
screened; wash house in yard, I
$999.98 cash, balance in payments. A ;
bargain at $3099.98. Box 792, War-'
H! 5
FOR SALIC Four room house, Kig
gins hill. Bath, screen porch, large
yard. I. F. Burgess, M. & Ai. Bank.
998
PflD.T i. ". 1 ... .:i.it ......
tie
w. .-.. vuuu uuiiuiiij iuis, ue- i
minutes walk from Denn mine. ilrs. i
Winwood, Winwood addition, $50 i
and up.
813
FOR SALii Fresh, ripe tomatoes for
canning. Delivered to any part of
Warren vdihtrict, five c:r.t3 per
pound. Mail orders will receive
prompt attention. Chase L. Purdy,
Bisitee or Naco. 7ti0
FOR SALE Fie rocui furnished
house. Tombstone canyon, not on
tTMT Hh"'y
'
FOR SALE Two work horses. HW,. !
Lnprovemcnt company.
FJR SALE Crcsr-enl hotel, Ilreviery'
aveiiue. 82 '
FOR SALE A f:ve room h: use com-
plet:ly furri;iied and gaiao, U'ir-
ren. Box 7"X. GiiO :
FOR SALE 101) shares or Noi Ihv, t st
Ii.spiration company stock. 1. (.
Box 194. Bisbee. m
For Rent
FOR RENT Three room unfurnished
house. 220 Brophy avenue. z
FOR RENT Four rooms and l.;i'h,
furnished. 107 Hinging hill. 1.'4
FOR RENT One furnisiied loom,
lady preferred. Mrs. Giace W i. limns,
CTawson hill. I2ij
FOR RENT Two liphi hnusekivpiiifc
rooms. Elliott flats. Clawson hill.
FOR RENT Kurni-he.1 rem itn
board for gentlemen in private fain-1
iiy. Ceiuent house at C. &. A. ho-1
pital stop. Warren. 13
For Rent
FOR KENT Three auto stalls, $5
apiece. Inquire 21 Kansas street,
Johnson audition, Lowell. (Mrs. I',
Fletcher.) 97.
-
-X)R KENT Nicely furnished room.
right iu town, second house above
Warner hotel.
FOR RENT Two nice fouius for light
housekeeping. No children. It!
Tank hill, third house from Bro-
phy's. 73
FOR RENT Five room house ana
h.iih. also earaee. Aiason avenue car
8top Tombstone canyon. On car
line. Yellow house. A. G. Ascher.
FOR RENT Houseki tping rooms, 173
Temby avenue, l'hone Black 537. s3
iFOR RENT Choice aoartuients. No
children. Mrs. Odom. 1U7 HiKKins
hill. S7
FOR KENT Housekeeping rooms
and single room. ho-B Brewery
Gulch. 23
for rent
keeping r
Two furuished house-;
keeping rooms. SiS-C O. K. street. I
"FOR RENT Furnished ri-onis,
977
School hill. Fhone 374.
' :
FOR RENT
Two modern touseKcep-
ing rooms. Warren, private entrance,
also garage. Fhone Black 475. 52
.
FOR RENT Three room house.
Drug company,
3 i
FOR KENT Furnished
stove, for geniiemvu.
Anna Murphy.
Tr,:t '
Lo-,FOR RENT Nicely furnished front
room, separate entrance, suitable for
Af.piy i.rsi nouse nortn 01 uroos ;
Apartments, O. IC. stieeL
dh-tf ! .
FOR RENT Rooms,
Hotel Lt'tson,
Main street. Pnone 00 J. Centrally
located, clean, airy, newly renovated
rooms. Running water. Reason
able rates to permanent gupsts. Si)7
Miscellaneous
OLD MINERAL LOCATOR 45 years
experience, wants man who spoaks
Spauiib. aud E.ilisU and under
stands how to sialic claims in I'mia
for parties wanting them. See pros-j,r.
peclor and samples ore at 215 Opera
Drive. P. O. Box 24S2. SS
MADAME J. REA KEYS, St. Regis ho- j
tel. Lowell, Ariz.
lairvoyant
and crystal reader. Dead trance
bpiru medium, Dorn witft ai
d. , , . , .. ..... , .
ouble veil, wuhoui asking quos-!
tions gives you dates, lacts and fig-;
ures, and will read your entire lite.
651 I
VISIT MADAME CLARK The weL
knewn Clairvoyant aiid Palmist.
Are you in trculile of any kind, un-
h.'innv rli:.(ict t..' n'ifK 1. ......
-iomestic love or uusiness troui.'t-' 1
You will be told how to over.-V-ie!
them ail. Whaieier vcu- irouble'is !
,1-, v. I'lLI. JUL. UJ1C
I can help you. Hours lo a 11 m i
8 p. ra. dailv and Sunday Maii i-i, '
C lark. Golden Hotel, Room 15.
FOR HIKE Bended cars, rc-iiabie i
drivers. Will make trips nigbi. or 1
day. Phone Black 7u0. Brooks
Apartmeuts, O. K. street.
1,1 !
onire at Tammanv .hall ,r at sr. . V " " "f1 "'"f- f"V.1 -r'Lu 01 worK- mis appointment will nec-
--; Youngblood h,!l. 61 V .-' v v Vv VV S ' i 'essitate qulte a lot ot traveling, as I
War-' k. -i - " ' E. i, ;fahall have 45 American and 45 French!
FOR RENT r urn .si.ee loom in pri- - u- action ., lownsmp : uirtctors under my supervision. It
660 i vate residence. Inauire Warren i Range E., G. Ac b. K. L. Ac; will also mean much hard work, but
county, Arizona, where I own ioui-wj,o, on rjyc. xi 1913 made Home-ltor trelicu"weary TOtn and more home
teen claims assaying $100 ton, '25 j SLs?a.ti Entry" No 023942 ior'E W almosP1,erc for those far from home.!
copper, toil ton silver, $7 ton ho.u. 1 y" & 1 E. Sec'tiou 23 Town-1 "Tlie experience however, wa3 won-j
. - . . . . ... 1 ... . 1 1 1 ti t . n i 1 : ' 1 'ii 1 f . ... it i. " ' . -" , -v. - r - -
itii- "iU "1. M. c. A. ocnooi, s'iiie 13ih day of Xovember, 1918. I
-uigtuea,- auuui Auto, luiuio, ..w- Cir.imant names a witnesses:
meiciai a:m tiiiueerLiK cuarsi-r. I
"ainiorscrv.ee. .-. J
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE $2 '
up. All corsets carefully fitted, j
Ir es 'WarL'urlon, over Independent
Feed store, upper Main street. 319
MRa BOYLF. Clarivovant. card
reading. Hoars 10 a. m. to 2:30 p. m.
17 Montana street, first street back
ot Lowell bakery. 12
MARTIN'S MINERAL BATHS AND
MASSAGE SPECIALIST For rhcu-:
matisni, lumbago, plurlsy, head-
.,".r;,," I; v.. . . .
m-.v. . iiui i . ru...c u t aicu tjei.'ii-1
Wanted
- ,
pVANTED - To rent, two or three un-,
fitrnishcd hcusckef -ping rooms. !
u n!e I'ox I-ls!i;c- -28
WA.TE!- TO RENT Furnished
houb!.-, four ror.nih or more, in V. '
r .;i. I'h;;ne 2.".r. ' DC
WANTED Geiitkiuan. airaiiKer in
the city, would like to rent a furnish
tu room in a privaie homo tlirit lias
a piaye. piano. Expert on l;ying
.ii; and i'l furih firrt cli: s nf
eii.tl'is. I'o lotiice box 17HJ, Citv.
V A N I' KD Tincr or torn rocn;s fm
nirlii il lor 1 1 n t l;ou.-i k t p i ; i f -. lii.ii j
location. Mi .). L. ( ;is.l.'. i'!:oii,f
r.21. 11.1
W'AN'TK!) -lioarden:. rocn.'v
vaie lamilv, i !: .--o i.i. 1".
l.iil.
21
WANTEU limine, four incim or uiord
iiii!uriiislii'(l, I'.jshct! or Wiirren
i;ii; s, '";.." care I!c ii;v. tt iili
Business Chance..
HAVE lil SINKS.i I'i.' '. I'( S1T1' ).
l-nly or ci-nib man with sni.iil i.iii
tal. Guaranited investment. Ap- j
i' B. E. M , K'.'vi . 1"6
t i - ri-pi,.., n,ii,i T. i- ;anu lioigian wronKS are riKntea
s ; o::rr,'r r?t:z G-. s: also ami w..en
. -,TKff i.. ..i7p,;H-,rf.r. 1 - r ' r 'v-1'- notice ot;tice ailQ nol forc.e can be put
I ,'-'' "o.i 10 niiiKO tnree year proof, to t!,r., t r..t ntinn
For Exchange
FOR EXCHANGE Six room modern
house in Los Angeles, choicest
roses, bearing fruit trees. High and
sightly. Exchange for house in
Warren. Mrs. E. A. Kennedy, next
to Dr. Edmundson, Warren. 20
Money to Loan
SMALL. quicK loans on 7our personal
noie to saiariea men ana women, ai-1
so on lurnuure. ccx lan Co. Koom
,yric rneatrA Dunning. ik
'
ET... T-. .: -' ...J 'I i t,
Three room furnished apart
ment. Must be close in or on
car line. Two gsntlemen. Per
manent. Adoress, "Apariment,"
i
care Review.
Legal Notices
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(023133)
Department of the Interior
tj. s. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizona. I
October 5, 191S.
Notice is hereby given that Daniel
McGowan, of Hereford, Arizona, who.
-Meridian, has filed notice of intention
to uuse i;nai purcnasjs prooi unuer
-MB fl RUTS" to !
v? il 14 ia I r II
1
room wun.ci 011a, 10 eaiauusu ciaun 10 me
IS Highland land above described, before Jared D.
24 ' Taylor. U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Tt011' U lhe 14th day 0f November-
1918.
claimant names
as witnesses:
Charles McGowan. of Bisb.e. Ari-
,
Dayton L. Graham, sr., of Bisbee,
Arizona.
Dayton L. Graham, jr.. of Garces.
AriZOlia. 1
, , . , ....... T .
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(023942)
Department of the Interior
V. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Arizona, j
October 5, 191S.
Nonce is hereby given that James
fc' nvmHlin -nn rt f'ioo ,
-- u..... ..... . - VJU.VCO, 1 1-W1KI,
Meridian, has iiiert notice of intun-
I t:on to make five year prcuf 10 e"tub-
ih cMm to Und ab0ye described,
bLl'the morale of the soldiers is a th.ng of
,.)h ,:.,,. ..,..... 10.0
12th day of November, 1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
f. , n, . r:.. l..luiuI rlpn livinir I have, written VOU
VI. tl, -ti i. V, U Ut: dUU iU.UUU V iiil K. UOLll -- a - -
of Heref0ld Arizona ' ithis little account because it was a
w Aston aud II. W. :larkson 'wonderful visit to an oasis of peace
,,, f ,,., . " "' "rkb0n,;i a vast desert of war.
346
JOHN L. ItiVlN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(026789)
Department of the Interior
,. ,
"' &' anu U1!lce al Pnoenix, Arizona, 1 "fe't- n swarms upon one en 11 is
Oi;;ober 1918 .:not a subject to write about. Today
-No?ice is hereby given that Isaac E.:one of my French friends, a lawyer.
r 'JI!' n. 4,1 Hereioru, Arizona, who, on
r 01 ' ls- 1Jla' I::ade Homestead Entry,
j o., ruiie i r.., u. ac S.
'"' on c r 1 ... . . ,
u- Meridian, has filed notice of .
intention to make three year proaf, to
establish latin to the laud above
.-.cri Led, before 'Jared D. Taylor, V. S. '
. i Com:.ii.i:-:i!.iier, at Bisbee. Arizona, on I
Sherman J. Beals .
Ja ob J. Karlen.
iV-!r' a''c'-
Wil.iam A. Lyth, ail cf Hereford.
Arizona.
945 JOii
L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUCLICATION
('.'2C40D
Department of tiv Interior
V. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Arizonamiration for America and Americans,
ucij.ier o. l.us.
-:iee is neieny given tnat .M.nniu
Daif
fy, of Don L.'is. Arizona, win. m !
January 2. 1915, made Homestead
. lor 1-Jls b 61 V !
r x v j.. v i '. .... .... q
esiau.isn c ami 10 mo lan.l above de-
cimi lii.il li , F . .... i - rr i -r-;
Commisisoner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on
the 12th day of November. 1D18.
Claimant names as witnesses:
-. ,
C,:rl Fuller, of Don LuiskAriz
Loyd L. Stewart, cf Du:i Luis,
zona.
Thomas J. SpauJdi:, of B:7bcc
Ari-
r'-
rna.
Harry L. Gre:i:;rd. of Lov.cii, A:
zona.
Oil JOHN" L. IRVIN, i:oi?fst.-r.
.MOTICE FCR PUBLICATION
Department of the Intcrrcr
U. S. Land O'f'ce at Pin mix, Ari::
Oetober ii. I'.tli.
.:.a.
Noti.c is hot ny ."i.in that Lloyd L.
Sf ,;irt, r.l I'cn Lui -,, Arizon;i, ; ho, oi
Janu-iry 1".. m:ido HonifKi-ad
Ketry. :;.). njf!":::. for Lm-.; . 2, r. ai.'l
1. S. U X. w, !,, Set lion 2.i, Ti;wn.ihi'
23 S Kamv 2 K.. C. Af S. Ii It. &
-M riilian. has tilc-1 noli; ; o, intention
to mill.- thie v.ar proof, to cstal.li.- h
claim t- th. land -above d scri!u(l lK-
iou; Jared I). Taylor. IT. S Commis-
hionor. :.t P.isl-. Ari.o:-.a. on the I2lh
(!.iv of No-. enilicr mis.
t l .iin.int nana s as witness!
.
l'ir:-l coiisirnim iit oT Liberty I.onn
ISontls of fourth hvii- h;!s a;riv d Cei
your today at the MINERS AND MKR-
CILVNTS BANK. 0'jS
JUDGE FRANK
SMITH
LIGHTS Hi'
"The question: 'When will the war
end" has only one answer from the
soldier's point of view when French
and BcIgjan wrongs are righted and
.
,'astrn wrongs, also, and when justice
and not force can be put on the throne
to rule nations."
"nis is xile statement made by Frank
,u. smitn. wnose overseas activities
with the Y. M. C. A., has placed him
in the ranks with the Americans who
!are doing every bit of their bit in
France.
Tne former judge of Yavapai county
who resigned from the bench to accept
a secretaryship with the Y. M. C. A.
in a recent letter to Mrs. Smith, who
is now in Illinois, says in part:
"At a recent convention of regional
Y. M. C. A. directors for France and
1 the colonies 1 was appointed assist
ant regional director of Y. M. C. A.
huts in France. By this appointment
1 1 shall have the supervision of 45
(American huts and 45 French foyers
jfor the soldiers of France.
I "Associated with me is a fine young
Frenchman, M. Vegara, who will asjt
1 in the supervision of French foyers.
Thf roEinn assiunert me u f th
'largest in France and many of the
huts are along the front, so I shall
have no reason to complain of variety
nothing is too hard to do for our bays.
-j have just returned from this con-l
!ference, of directors, and it was cer-1
tainiy a revelation to me. It was held'
! , slliPn(iid ni,i home in n old viLi
lage on an old river. There were an-
! cit.nl trees ( a pine tree about 400
years old among them) and an oldi
sunken garden, a la Italian, and scat
" . "i "..1... . :7" "7 " . " I
.iereu aiuuiiK iiie-niiruuoery were mar-
rare books and wonderful old paint-;
i ti era o n H ni io m o t 1 1 ot i r 11 j tv a I
great C0,Urast tQ what x had been used
,nth A mr.c unnrfnrfiil I
Jcf all, it was in a region where peace
I and quiet reigned. Think of peace
and quiet after months of noise of can
Inonadiug and noise of battle. We had
IU P V. - -l-.'ll I.. .7. i I. .y.UV.AU-
' . . .. l I.- ....... . , . : . .... ...... 1 1 L,..A
' " " . .
1. V , ,
LbUt l" T6 WOrk' mTe CT'
ions lor lue suiuiers, uiure retieaiiuii
oi Ule educational and philanthropic
cla8SCS from a11 over tlle worl and
everyone was in fine spirits, for the
iov and nride to those who are trv-
'ing to help along the' lines of rnarolity
I 1 am now back in the harness once
'more and am welcoming the cooler
weather, for with warm weather came
!all kinds and varieties of insects, even
ialter light are out the flies buzz and
'hu nas snown me mucn courtesy.
'came to me wun pain-sincKen eves
- lttiuing soil was biiicu jrcsiuiuaj ai
: : .. l . : 1 1 .1 .. . .1 . . . . n.
the front. Think what it means to
give all for ycur country! One thanks
WORK
I
de-:God for work and still more w ork, for
it is the one thing that keeps one
from thinking too much.
"It has, indeed been a busy sura-
nu r. I have traveled miles, somatimes
with auto, with oxen, cn foot, on horst-
: back, on motorcycle, anyway to get
jthere. Often we had signs up in the
fibers, in four and five laneuaees.
French, Italian, Polish, English and
others, surely a confusion of tongues.
It has been a great opportunity tor
cne to get the views of soldiers from
many lands, and one tiling stands out
above all others! a great love and ad
anj an unbounded faith in the presi-
d. nt of the United States.
ri.u -m-i,..,, ;u
'ml" b ,.,,k- n Kw.r .,,. tl,P
soldiers' point of view when French
. .
ana
Jus-
on the
titrmtA tn ruto fif.Hr.na
.T.ley feel here that Germany soon
1111111 fnfU'.r.l U'ltVl nrout ll'lf0
Lev.....;..,. ......
v in hbmc, aim luij aiau itjl'l 111UL c
must lie ready to oppose this offensive,
for it will be for a false peace, for
(jeimany could even give up I clgium
and northern France, also Alsace and
lxinaine, pay a big. indemnity and yet
.be winner, for he would have a great
tent nil European empire with Russia,
Turkey, Serbia, Rumania and Austria
under her iron heel ;and peace would
last just as lung as it took h'T to
pr pare for war once more, and !'.
while nil want peace, all want a last
ing it ace, and Germany's peace pro
posal.; will meet with just one an
swer troin the allied soldiers: "Not
vet "
"To iightir tiling.-. A few days be
fore "the Fourth.' I found 100 Amer
i .m aviators .in a camp among a
French regiment ;is tli;-y were sui li a
small unit the had ben overlooked,
and for si veral month; liad receivid
n(,,,li,l ' ' y ,,f "extras." TIi.-y
w,re '"''y afflicted with the
dei!s." and nave me a hearty
choiiie. I soon saw what was wrotia
h.tsteued b; k to the nearest Y.
M- v A supply station. I had to
ii.ivel all nilit. wilh horse and truck,
but 1 c't there t'le iiiornini; cf the
I'i urtli cf July -so did tobacco, rhoco-
late.
it;;? i 1 1 ma:aiucs. ritiup
jnuiiur, a pUonogianU, basebalU aud
WRITES OF THE
SHADOWS
ON THE
FRANCE
footballs, and I certainly was repaid,
for they were the happiest bunch otr
this side of the water, and theii
"Fourth" was a true American one.
"Our own men are playing a big
part now and playing it well, in the
big way Americans always do they
go at it as if it were a game of foot
ball with the kaiser's head for the
ball, and are "playing the game" so
that the Huns tear and respect them,
and many a Hun, who has followed
the lead of the kaiser for four years,
is taking a day off to think where
that lead will lead him.
"One word about our colored troops.
I tell you we are all proud of them.
They are brave in battle and digni
fied and gentlemanly in the cities.
and they , may be colored as to skin
but they are white way through. Their
seiiKA of humnr and child-like love of
fun is standing them in good stead.1
A bunch of them were walking on the
streets of Paris, and an officer said.'
"Wherei are you fellows from any
way?" They all saluted and one said:
Wk11 .otitaln i-a' r a mnutlt frrtm PV.
erywheres, but by-um-by we'se gwine'
to be gentlemen from France." Some
colored troops were in the trenches,'
and the .shelling commenced. One :
said to the soldier next to him: 'Wil-;
liam, you'se better be gettin 'ligion and
jinin' church." And William replied:
Go long yo' nigger. I done Jined
church when dat fus' bomb came.' "
BACK LIKE A
BOARD? IT'S
YOUR KIDNEYS
There's no use suffering from tho
awful agony of lame back. Don't wait
till it "passes off." It only comes
back. Find the cause and stop it. Di
seased conditions of the bladder or
Vi.mova rp llainiliV inilicatd bv stiff
lame back, wrenching pains, lumbago,
K, iaiira nprvniisnf-sn. sloeolessness.
tired, worn-out feeling, pain in the
lower abdomen. These are nature's
signals for help!
Here's the remedy. When you feel
the first twinges of pain or experience
any of thesp symptoms, get busy at
once. Go to your orugsist ana get a
box of the pure, original GOLD ME1-1
AL Haarlem Oil Capsules, imported ;
fresh every month from the labora- j
tories in Haarlem, Holland. Pleasant j
and easy to take, they almost instant
ly attack the poisonous germs that are I
cionging up your system and bnn
quick relief.
For over 200 years they have been
helping the sick. Why not try them?
Sold everywhere by reliable druggists
in sealed packages. Three sizes. Mon
ey back if they do not help you. Ask
for "GOLD MEDAL" and be sure the
name "GOLD MEDAL," is on the box.
The dcrri-rics s'Tcr-s;
men stiong vcnien and robust
children. VVisdoin sugiects that
every proper mcr-iu cf .afeguarci
ing the vitl forces and buildicg
up cf re-lsi&nce, bo utilized.
aftcrds definite help lo those who
Bre " fighting to v.'in" against
the inroads of weakness.
Sotbtt's, abundant in tonic-
cotnont propenits, ounas up
tos body by Nature's methoca.
tcoltjtUuwucbloomiiUd.N.J. 13-14
Motor Transit Company
WINTON SIX
Bisbee -Douglas
STAGE LINE
New schedule, effective
7th, 1918.
CARS LEAVE
DOUGLAS:
October
BISBEE:
5 a. m.
10 a. m.
12 m.
2 p. m.
" -' 4 p. m.
6 p. m.
8 p. m.
3 p. m.
I'. C. O'NKIL.
Manager.
8 a. m.
10 a. in.
12 m.
2 p. tn.
4 p. m.
6 p. m.
8 p. m.
! p. S:
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds. Jewelry Etc.
ftliabls Ho'jco 13 Branch Stores.
United Loan J:we!ry Co.
BISBEE :: Biit'.VERY GULCH
City Dye Works
Cleaning anil Pressing
Phone 739
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the essential
facts of each, their meeting nights, their ofiicers and the place of gather
ing will he found under their respective headings it these columns.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718. .
L. O. O. m. I
Meets every Friday :
night, Moose Hall.
Visiting brothers cor-i
diaily invited. i
R. I. G LEA SON, I
Dictator
BISBEE LODGE NO.
10. I. O. O. F.'
niM'ts m w A r w i
NS Fellow?' Hall I
Subway street, at 7:3d o'clock. Visiting
brothers cjrd.ally invited to attend.
HaU phi i.e 11:).
G . i'LUNKETT. N. C.
-o.R EUSTACE, Sec'y.
PTMIAN SISTERS
Lily 1t i..p:e No. 3 meets every 2na
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. VUitlng
sisters are cordially invite.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C
Fhone Black 851.
t IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
BOX 14iai
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
xcrj
Mtets in I. O. O. F.
Hajl First and Third
Saturdays. Visit ing
brothers welcome.
.S. F. BENTON. Councillor.
F. M. V.TLLIAMS, Rec. Sec y.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 895, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vich hall. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
MRS. C. C. FINLAYSON.
Foreman, P. O. Box 1526.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent, Box 1496.
WEEK ENDING SEPT. 2S. 1918
Monesy 2nd Degree.
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday P.lue T.eg.
Royal Arch.
W. W. GIDLEY W M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy. F. & A. M
J. W. TOLAND. E. II. P.
C. F. PHILBROOK, T. I. M. .
F. E. BENNETT. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap-
tf art A Pnmm-nrlortr
j w K BANKS, Secretary Council,
j
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADNAUCHT
U O. L. NO. 210.
meets la I. O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. MM
WM.
T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 426, Bisbee.
Carl Fuller, of Don LuU, Arizona.
Minnie Daffy, of Don Luis. Arizona.
Thomas J. Spaulding, of Bisbee, Ari
zona. I Harrv L. Grenard. of Lowell. Ari
zona.
!43 JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
(02.1275)
Department of the Interior
V. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Arizona, i
October 5, 1918.
Notice is hereby given that Pearl I
Voohces, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on September 5, 1!(13, made Home
stead Entry. No. 023275. for S. E. 'i.
Section 28. Township 22 S., Kaiue 21
E., G. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make five year
proof, to establish claim to the land j
above described, before J. D. Taylor, I
I". S. Coinmisisoiier, at Bisiiee, Ari
zona, on the 13th day of November,
1918.
Claimant names as witnesses:
W. A. Lyth. of Hereford, Arizona.
A. J. Voohces, of Hereford, Arizona.
I A. Bcrdecker, of Turner. Arizona.
J. E. Nelson, of Bisbee, Arizcna.
942 JOHN L. IRVIN. Recorder.
U
-m';L-m
UnfuiTiished House of 4
rooms or more. Give par
ticulars, as to conveni
ences and location. Ad
dress N. E. Greer, box 608
or care Review.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Rfiteclfulty Solicits Your
Patron
PHONE
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job on short notice
WANTED
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbona Lodge No. 11
Knights of Pythias,
meets each. Tuesday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' HaU at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
1
H. E. WOOTON. C. C
W. E. McCALLUM. K. of IL
S.
. i77i v i.' fir, ; - -'
i.
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON, Exalted Ruler.
R J. KELLY. Secretary
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m., Finnish Hall.
D. C. SAXBY. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
OPDER OF EASTERN STAR
meets in -lasonic Hall
Pearl Chapter. No. ,6. meets
in Masonic HaU second an 4
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS, T. M.
Phone 161, Box 43. Bisbee
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Secy. P. O.
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com.,
Phone 16L
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie, No. 175, F. O. E.. meets
first and third TUESDAYS. 8 p. m.
Eagles HalL Visitors cordially wel
come. J F. WILMOTH, Presdent.
F. C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
C. L, EDML'NBSON, Aerie Physician.
FRATERNAL
8R0THERHOOD
t. f. a
Bisbee Lodge No.
42 meets the 1st
and 3rd Mondays
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
Yicb. Hall. VUut-
ing memoe.s cordially invited.
B. F. MOSS, President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer.
Box 722. Tel. 236, Red.
HONOR A MUNCH, Secretary.
Bjx 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13415.
Meets 1st Saturday
iledigovich HalL
L L. MOTZ. Consul.
J. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
r
C H. HOGAR
Office Below
COPPER QJEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAN
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdjj., Maia Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
-j')- r ' 3LAS0ER
t V.'ii ; . 5 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1918.
EIGHT
City Briefs
Has anyoae visited you? Or
have you entertained? If so. call
The- Keview after 6 p.m. and tell
the Society Editor, phone 39.
'
HAS THE INFLUENZA.
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Whitmer of Opera
drive are L;th ill at iwir home suf
iering from influenza.
GONE TO DOUGLAS.
Mr. and Mrs. H. T. Wili-'amson and
daughter. Irene, have left for Doug
las, where Mr. Williamson has been
transferred.
RETURNS TO WORK.
J. J. Cook, miner at the Gardner,
has returned to work after being olf
nearly two weeks owing to an attack
cf the la grippe.
IS HERE VISITING.
Mrs. Kd Buckner is here visitia..:
Mr. :tnd Mrs. Lie Blair. Mrs. Buc li
ner is the wife of the former secre
tary cf thJ local V. M. C. A., George
Buckner.
HERE ON VISIT.
Mr. and Mrs. Arch Herries of Los
Angeles, are spending a few days here
on a vi:it to friends, while on their !
way home from an extended trip to
the east.
SON SERIOUSLY ILL.
Rev. Ccmpton left Saturday for his
former home in Texas, where he was
called on account of the serious ill
ness cf his son, who. has an attack of
pneumonia.
TO VANCOUVER BARRACKS.
. Four Ojiii-o county and four
transier nieur left yesierday morning
for Vancouver barracks, Washington,
having been sent out by the local
board.
ROM NACO.
Dick Reynolds, of the United States
customs office at Naco, was in the
city yesterday on a visit to his many
friends. He states that N'p.co is rath
er quiet at tfce present time.
IM AtlTOMriRIl P ACCIDENT. I
Ed Ulum of Don Luis was acci-1
dentaly injured Sunday morning n j
an automobile accident. Ilis face,
both hands and forearms, were badly i
bruised. He will not be able to re-
turn to his work for several days.
FROM TOMBSTONE. j
Quite a number of Tombstone folks
were in the city Sunday on a visit, j
Among the number were Miss Francis !
Staniger, Miss Emma Bishop,. Miss
Maud Davis, Mrs. Harry Ross and chil-1
dren. I
IS IN DOUGLAS. 1
Miss M. Carpenter of this city, is
spending a few days in Douglas on a ,
visit to friends. She was formerly
connected with the Young Women's
club there but came here last spring .
to take up the Y. W. C. A. work.
WAS IN TOMBSTONE.
Citv Marshal Kempton was in Tomb-
atone yesterday on business before the i
superior court. He was there as a
witness in the insanity case of George
W. Price of this city, who was or- j
dered committed. He was taken to j
Tombstone last week. I
PLAN LAST SHIPMENT. j
The last shipment of workmsn to i
Norfolk, Va., from this district or the ;
state, will take place Friday mornin?. !
Men desiring to enlist should see one j
of the labor agents in the district, j
An advertisement will be found In
another column of this issue of Trie
Review. i
UNDELIVERED MESSAGES. J
The following undelivered tele-"",
grams are at the Western Union for !
Jack Connely, Thos. Hargis, Carl G. !
Smith. Billy Campbell, Mike Adams.
Mrs. H. T. Hollbrook, Carl Comolli.
John Jirasek, Jovo bugen (cable),
Howard Brown, Frank A. Russel, Sam
P. Hena?an and Mariano Pera.
WERE MARRIED.
Leslie B. McWhorter and Miss Elda
M. Osgood were maried here Satur-
GERMANS MAKE ALLIED PRISONERS WEAR
WOODEN AND PAPER SHOES; SAW. LEATHER
tr-m -. y , - t u '
v,tVV" - - " t V ft
V -. V
Repatriated allied prisoner with
sample of German shoes.
rnnenrrstinn of nil mntermls nee
ed in the war has reached its heigii
in Germany., Allied prisoners abou
to leave the Hun camps are pro
vided with wooden shoes with pane
uppers. The photo shows a repatri
ated prisoner who has reached Lon
don, and the type of shoes given him
day by Rev. Compiou. The ring cere
mony as used. The. crrfom is one of
the well-known young business men
of the district ami the liriile is a re
cent arrival in the city from Erie.
Mich. The couple will make their
future home in this city.
TAKES POSITION AT MORENCI.
Mike J. Hannon arrived in Clifton
on Wednesday and left for Morenci
on Thursday where he has taken a
position with the A. C. company, Ltd.,
as shift bos3. Mr. Hannon was for
several years a lilt boss for the Cop
per Queen company at Bisbee and la
ter has been mining in Mohave coun
ty. Clifton Copper Era.
TOOK INSANE PATIENTS.
Deputy Sheriff Harry Rafferty and
Charles Cross and Mrs. Harlick, a
nurse from Douglas, yesterday took
four insane patients to the state hos
pital at I'hoenix, who have been com
mitted from Tombstone during the
week. They were: Mrs. Claude Wait
ril of Douglas, Jesse Garcia, Benscn;
George W. Price, Kisbee, and Jose
Garcia, Lowell.
TO OFFICER TRAINING CAMP.
Trcf. and Mrs. J. A. Kockfellow of
TcmLsione yesterday received word
rem their son. l'hiiip, at El Paso,
slating that he was en route to the
cf. 'iters' training ( imp at Waco, Tex ,
having been one cf 30 members of
the students at the IT. of A. to be se
lected for commissions. Philip has
been trying to pet into a cavalry
camp for some time, but being un
L!e, accepted a place in the infantry.
ARRIVES OVERSEAS.
Mr. end .Mrs. J. H. McPlierson of
To::.btone yesterday received an
official card from their son, William
Mcpherson, formerly of the Bisbee
lire department, that he had arrived
safely overseas. He left over two
weeks ago from an eastern port an
thev have been expecting word daily
of his arrival. He was in the same
corps as ma.'y other Tombstone and
Arizona boys who were all sent to
Camp Cody several months ago.
TO UTAH UNIVERSITY.
The following named young men of
Cochise county will leave Tombstone
this morning for Salt Lake City, where
they go to enter the university, to take
a special course to enter the officers
training camp. They went to Tomb
stone yesterday to report to the local
board: Flave O. Blake, Levi Lafayette
Nelson, George Parr, V. L. Winsteaa,
W. L. Atterbury. W. S. Brook, Doug
las; Anguis Campbell, Walter Boyd
Williams. Neal Dan Johnson, Marvin
Harold Smith, Earl Wc-ese. Harry Par
ry, Joe Flint, Erthie Clayton, Hillis
Gardner, Tony Salem, Geo. Heninger.
KILLED IN FRANCE.
J. R. Hilburn, constable at Pirtle
ville, received word Saturday that his
son, Robert Frederick Hilburn, died
September 20, from wounds received
in action in France. Young Hilburn
was well known here. He left here
last May with a contingent of the Co
chise county draft men and was sent
to Camp Funston. He remaojged there
only fourteen days when he was sent
to France, where he fought with the
3."i5th infantry. He was 23 years old
and had been promoted to corporal
when he was killed. His father is a
pioneer of Douglas and a former mem
ber of that police force.
LANDS NO. ONE.
According to the press dispatches
Saturday morning, Lieut. Reed M.
Chambers, son of Mr. and Mrs. J. S.
Chambers of Tombstone, is fast gain
ing himself a place among the Amer
ican Aces in the aero service of
Uncle Sam's expeditionary forces in
Franco. Lieut. Chambers enlisted
from Memphis, Tenn., and has for
some time been among the boche3 in
the air. The parents here were elat
ed at the news that their son bad
downed a boce plane. "It was no
more than we expected of him," they
iaid, "it he got a chance." Another
son, George, is in the navy at Gulf
port, Miss.
HENRY CARLSON WANTED.
Wcrd has been received here by
the Copper Queen mine department
from the American Mining & Smelt
ing company, at Salt Lake City, ask
ing of the whereabouts of Henry Carl
son or if any information could be
ARMORED "DRAGON"
.: ,t .-.. .;-. . : v , -
" i
. ? , , ( , 5 , v ,
-Tl v S - t-
1 .w-,' - 4 ti V
It requires very little imagina
tion to make this armored train
given regarding him. Carlson was
formerly employed here at the Shat
tuck, but as to any further knowledge j
concerning him the company knows
nothing more. Carlson is sought be-1
cause of the death of his sister, which I
occurred in Salt Lake City, and fori
this reason any one who is able to j
give any information will be doing a ;
great favor for Mr. Carlson, as such i
news is undoubtedly unknown to him
DIES AT POST.
George Oscar Kenison, 14-year-old
son of Maj. C. D. Kenison, died Fri
day at Ft.. Huachuca, and the funeral
was conducted there today by the
Cadwell Undertaking company, inter
ment taking place at the post. Ma
jor Kenison arrived Saturday from
Camp Holabird, Maryland, where he
is now stationed, to attend the funeral.
He had been stationed at Ft.
Huachuca until recently, when he was
transferred to the eastern station.
Owing to the prevalence of influenza
at Camp Holabird, Major Kenison
had not brought his family east with
him and Mrs. Kenison will remain
at Ft. Huachuca until the epidemic
subsides.
E. P. &S.W. SWITCHMEN:
MAKE 100 PER CENT
RECORD FOR BONDS,
i
I
LIST SHOWS EFFORT MADE BY j
EMPLOYES OF SOUTHWESTERN ,
SYSTEM AT THIS POINT RAIS-j
ING TOTAL OF $2700 AMONG I
THEMSELVES
Switchmen on the El Paso & South
western railroad here have raised
$2700, being 100 per cent subscribers
to the fourth Liberty loan. The fol
lowing list, submitted by Yardmastei
J. H. Smith, from his headquarters in
Lowell, shows the names of the sub
scribers:
List of Employes to Fourth Liberty
Loan Among Employes in Switch
! ing Service in the Bisbee District ,
Sinser. Allen J. $100.00
Beckett. J. H '. K'0.00
Grace, V. P 100.no
Moore, James H 100.00
McWilliams, J. H - 100.00
Shields, Chas. F 50.00
Boughter, E. 0 50.00
Cioll. A. C. -'. 100.00
Lanham, V. A 100.00
Grace. M. T 100.00
Van Vinkle, W. L. 100.00
Moore. A - -'- 100.0't
Larson. J. It - 100.00
O'Rourke.'R. T - 100.00
Smith. J. H 200 00
Plummer, Bruce 100.00
Johnson, It. A 100.00
Kirkman, H. E -. 100.00
Bradney, P. A. lOO.Ot
Stewart. W. C 300.00
Embrey. C. C - 100.00
The following have purchased bonds
through Bisbee banks:
Earp, C. O., Bank of Bisbee $ 50.00
Sword. A. F.. Bank of Lowell....- 100.00
Dillaway, D. B.. Citizen's I'ank.. 100.00
Lann, Harry, Bank of Lowell ... 100.00
Johnson. S. V., Citizens" Bank,.. 50.00
Funny how any
body should wani
wheat when "they
can have
Post
toasties
soys
Best of
Corn
oods
Get your FOURTH LIHKHTV LOAN
BOND NOW at the MINERS AND
MERCHANTS BANK. S'.'S
HAULS U. X. TRENCH
take the shape of a drapon we
read about when we were children.
MUCH ASSISTANCE
GIVEN BAPTISTS IN
ERECTION OF CHURCH
PUBLIC HAS BEEN LIBERAL WITH
CONGREGATION. AND WORK ON
EDIFICE GOES FORWARD RAPID
LY AS RESULT; SUPERSTRUC
TURE STARTED
The erection of the Baptist churca
which was commenced last June has
been progressing very rapidly al
though it has been delayed for the
past two weeks due to slowness in ex
cavation, the "roped" work again h;is
been resumed, it is expected that
either by tomorrow or within the next
few days the laying of the bricks in
the superstructure will be commenced.
The completion of the church is set
for December 1, and the dedication
will take place on the loth of trie
same month. Pastors of churches
throughout the state will ba-invited
to attend the ceremonies, as well as
the public.
The Rev. II. C. Compton, pastor,
stated that every one who has been
approached to give some donation in
accordance to their ability to give,
have responded liberally, business and
professional men as well as others.
Among the larger donations received
are those -tf the Copper Queen com
pany, which gave $3000; the C. & A.
company, $1000; $1'HH) was given by
the late Dr. James Douglas. Dona
tions have also been given by tne
banks in the district and by the va
rious business houses, all contribut
ing toward making the grand total of
$14,059.70 on hand at present. The
contract for the building or the church
calls for $16,500 and to this will be
added the amount of $U500 to he ex
pended for seats and heating system,
bringing the total cost to within the
neighborhood of $20,000.
To help in the financial drive for
the erection of the church, a number
of clubs have been organized and are
doing remarkable work. The first of
these is the "Brick club," whose mem
bers are the Sunday school children.
Each brick is estimated to cost ten
cents and cards bearing the names of
twenty persons are issued to the chil
dren to be filled out by those wishing
to contribute ten cents. The cards
when filled are turned over to the
secreta.v of the club, and in the names
place on file. These names, will on
the day of the dedication of the
church, be read before the public to
gether with the names of the others
who donated. The amount will not
be mentioned but only the name.
The seating capacity of the church
Is litiM). It will be equipped with ev
ery modern convenience possible in
cluding innovations in the heating and
lighting systems.
SATISFYING REIJEF
FROM LUMBAGO
SIsaa'a Liniment has the
punch that relieves
rheumatic twinjes
T..ls warn-.th-p'-. iar, cor-scstxa-critter:.-.;
circuit ion-stimulating rem
edy emirates without rubbing right to
thi aching; spot and brings quick relief,
curc!y, cleanly. A wonderful help for
c::t?rr.al pains, eprair.s, strains, etill
Hess, headache, lumbago, bruises.
Get your bottle today costs little,
means much. Ask your drucrcist frr it
by vane. Keep it handy fcr the v.-hols
family. The tig- bottle is economy.
1 1
A Trial Solicited Prompt Pclivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE"
A. OWERS. Mgr., Bakerville
Phone 57
KQjttT it
JIOIVTARS TO IIONT
The round '"eyes" and the curled
hose giving- it eyes and a mouth.
It is hauling two U. fc. trerlch
mortars, 310 mm, and shells to the
front, where the Eighty-second di
vision of our American boys are
fighting to force Huns Lack to
their border. ,
s ASSOCIATION READY
i TO GIVE RELIEF TO
l SUFFERERS IN CITY
ANYONE IN DISTRICT RENDERED
DESTITUTE OR NEEDING HELP
AS RESULT OF INFLUENZA EPI
DEMIC SHOULD NOTIFY WORK
ERS OF LOCAL BODY
The Warren district relief associa
tion is prepared to assist in any dis
tress that might arise thi'o.i.-h the in
fluenza epidemic and foi this reason
Miis Esther Cummings, general secre
tary of the association, wishes to in
form the public that any family or per
son suffering I oni the inlluuna who
may cither be :n destitute circum
stances by reascn of this or any other
illness, may obtain relief by phoning
to 443 during the day and if there are
any calls to be made at night, relief
may be obtained by phoning to Grv.'en
01.
The association will do everything
possillo to give whatever aid may be
necessary and if a practical nurse mu.r
be obtained the case will be placed in
her care. If, however, a nurse cannot
be had every means will be taken
by the association to relieve the dis
tress. In many districts the Red Cross
chapter would be called upon to sup
ply thes needs, but in this city the
Warren district relief association has
taken the Matter in hand and will en
deavor to do this work, realizing that
the local Red Cross chapter has a
ready many calls for aid, from famiiles
whose husbands or sons are in the
Unitd States service.
Mrs. C. F. Wolford. who has come
here r.i ently from Tucson, will assist
Miss Cummings in carrying this work
forward and investigating any cases
that might be called to the attention
of the relief association. Mrs. Wol
ford is a graduate nurse and has had
For Attaching
to Yow
Range Boiler
sisbee
i
I
much experience hi rHief work in
other cities and has alo don consid
erable work in social service and dis
trict nursing. During, her few weeks
here she has already visited several
families and found two where all the
members were ill and badly in need
of attention. It is. therefore, the urg
ent request of the relief association
that its workers be informed of any
such cases in order that aid may be
given be fore the sickness has time for
further development.
KEEP. LOOM YOUNG
It's Easy If You Know Dr.
.Edwards' Olive Tablets
The secret of keeping young is to feel
young to do this you must watch your
liver and bowels there's no need of
having a sallow complexion dark rings
under your eyes pimples a bilious
look in your face dull eyes with no
sparkle. Your doctor will tell yon ninety
per cent of all sickness comes from in
active bowels and liver.
Dr. Edwards, a well-known physician
in Ohio, perfected a vegetable com
pound mixed with olive oil to act on
the liver and bowels, which he gave to
bis patients for years.
i Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets, the substi
tute for calomel, are gentle in their action
yet always effective. They bring about
that exuberance of spirit, that natural
buoyancy which should be enjoyed by
everyone, by toning up the liver and clear
ing the system ot impurities.
You will know Dr. Edwards Olive Tab
lets by their olive color, 10c and 23c per
box. All druggists. -
Business Locals
I Dr. Dauthitt, veterinary surgeon.
Phone 6G0. 143 Brewery Gulch. 906
aOCKHILL'S STAGE
Blsbee-Tombstone, Leaves Blsbe
Bisbee Auto Co., 7 a. m 1:J0 p. m. 7
Phone Blabee 5. Adv.
Dr. Playtalr, Osteoparn, 98 Maaov i
Hill, Mason car stop. Phone Blue HI?
Adv. 231
FOURTH LIBERTY LOAX BOXDSi 1
can now be had at the MINERS AXD j
MERCHANTS BANK. S9S .
!
L. L. Gllman sens the New Edison ,
the phonograph with a souL"
C. A A. Band Dance, Warren Park.
Wednesday and Saturday. Adrumle
slon f 0 cents. Ladies tree. Adv. 74a
i Painter and Paper Hanging
I C. J. BRANDT
i Box 150
Phone 45G
i Be the early bird. Get your Fourth
' Liberty Loan Bond now at the Miners
i and Merchants Bank. 898
FOR SALE
j 2C0 Friers. 213 Douglas street, War
I ren. Call arter 4:30 p. m. A. J. Zeller.
! Phcne Green 854. 132
I
CARD OF THANKS
We take this means of thanking the
many friends for their kind acts of
sympathy and help during the illness
and subsequent death of our beloved
wife and mother.
V.'e also desire to thank the friends
for the r.;any beautiful floral offerings.
EDWAR') DICKINSON.
MT.. AND MRS. JNO. PICKERING,
JOHN C. DICKINSON.
MR. AND MRS. THOS. MADDERN.
MRS. CHAS. LOEB. 101
(TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY.)
WANTED Three room furnished
apartment. Must be close in -cr on
car line. Two gentlemen. Perma-
nent. Address, "Apartment," care 1
Review. dh-tf
las Fired Water
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
"YOU Need
jChange!
Your doctor may tell you so; or
you may feel that way aiout it
yourself. Either way where will
you go?
Instead of frittering away your
time at the usual resort, why not
come to Clemlale where you can
make each day a day of health
building under Ideal conditions?
Why not cciue here where you are
sure of sunny California w.ither
tempered by glorious ocean
breezes!
Come! Get away from the grind
for a while and spend a we-k or
two or thr'e at Glendale. You'll
thank u9 for the suggestion.
Better send today for your copy
of our handbook "Teaching 1'eo
ple How to Live."
The
GLENDALE SANITARIUM
47i,' Eroul.vay
Clendule. Cslifornia
FOR SALE New Interna
tional Encyclopedia at a
very low price. Call W.
Mcrgenstern, Fair Annex.
Richard Glaze, Oph. D.N.D.
Practice Limited to Eye and Nerve
Disorders.
Phone 158. Office and residence
first house west of Masonic Temple,
Main Street Bisbee, Arizona.
Glasses fitted by the latest methods.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & OTIce Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
O K ST. J
THE WAR IS CREATING
AN UNMET DEMAND
FOR PETROLEUM
OIL
Petroleum Oil Producers are
making money. They are
paying big dividends.
The Amico Oil company
of Kansas is a producing oil
company, on a dividend
paying basis. It has six pro
ducing wells and is drilling
well No. 7. The price of its
shares is ten cents par val
ue ten cents. If you want
to know more about this on-the-level
company, send for
Bulletin No. 5.
AMICO OIL COMPANY
(An Arizona Corporation)
326 Iowa Building
TULSA, OKLAHOMA
Heater
! :; i
p;i iJ I
! II
I ! ' !
l
f 1,1.
i