State 2R
WEATHER
ARIZONA Thursday arid
Friday fair north, partly
cloudy southern portion; lit
tle change in temperature.
COPPER PRICE
The average price of copper
for the week ending August
13th la 21.764.
Full Leased Wire Report of The Associated Press
VOL. 21 Xo. 199.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, THURSDAY, AUGUST 21, .1919
PRICE FIVE CENTS
11 TBOOPS CWWBE M1TS -WHO-KiilM f KIB
r r m t n n 1 1 n n m I n I r r r i . I
- 3
4
4
i
i
I H I I I I I N I llllllllll I I'll .a m-m n-r - 1 1 I I I H I I I I I I lllll II IIHII f I III! Ill Hill I
mum buna
T TO FALTER
TREATY; KPT
;es
Senator Pitman, Democrat, of
Nevada, Proposes Resolution
Accept G. 0. P. Reservations,
But Not in the Ratification
REPUBLICANS LOOK ON
OVERTURE BUT COLDLY
Declare Reservations Must Be
Part of Treaty As Actually
Ratified; China Says U. S.
Shantung Stand Unfriendly
WASHINGTON. Aug. 20. The
first open move for a compromise In
the League of Nations fight came
from administration quarters today,
embraced In a proposal tnat the sen
ate adopt interpretive reservations.
but that they be kept apart rrom me
actual ratification of the treaty.
The overture met "-with no tome
' diata successon the Republican srde
of the chamber, 'senator of the Re
publican reservation group declaring
they could not recede, from their posi
tion that to be effective the reserva
tions must go into the ratification it
self. Senator Plttman of Nevada, Demo
crat, of the foreign relations com
mittee, proposed the compromise in
the form of a resolution embodying
in effect the four reservations agreeo.
on by seven Republican senators and
declaring them to constitute the sen
ate's understanding of disputed points
In the covenant.
Must Be Part of Treaty.
In the Republican draft, however,
it is expressly provided that the
reservations "be made a part of the
treaty by the Instrument of ratifica
tion," a proviso which Senator Mc
Nary of Oregon, and others of the
proup of seven Republicans, said
they considered absolutely necessary
if enough Republicans are to be gain
ed to obtain ratification of the treaty.
To overcome this objection Senator
Dittrrion nmnnnpd in a sDeech in tht
senate that the resolution be adopted
at once and submitted to tne omer
nhn win bf represented on
yit n t i q " ii - i
the league council. A general debate.
IN HON
SEWATE
developed during which benator
J. Borah. Republican, Idaho, and others
' ' took exception to President Wilson's
""distinction between moral and legal
obligations under the covenant as ex
pressed in yesterday's White House
conference between the president and
the foreign relations' committee.
Leaders of the McNary group, never
theless, insisted, they had information
that in the end their plan would have
Democratic support. -
Shantung Provision Attacked.
An attack on the Shantung pro
vision or the treaty was made In the
senate by Senator McCormick, Re
publican, Illinois, who asserted that
by accepting the provision the United
States would become a party to one
of the most outrageous exhibitions of
hypocrisy and violence" in the
world's history, J
The Shantung provision also was
under .consideration berore tne ior
ein relations committee, which was
told by Dr. J. C. Ferguson, adviser to
the Chinese president, that China re
garded American acceptance of th
settlement as a deviation from the
traditional policy of American friend
ship to the Chinese government.
WASIIINGt6n, Aug. 20. The nom
ination of A. Mitchell Palmer to be
utiorney general was confirmed late
today by the senate without opposi
tion. Mr. Palmer's confirmation marks
the end of a fight against his ap
pointment which began at the last ses
sion of congress and which centered
about his administration of the office
of the alien property custodian.
PALMER INS
SENATE FIGHT
What's This? Living
Costs Decreasing, .
Packers Assert
CHICAGO, Augf. 20 Attor
neys for the meat packers in
the packing house employes'
wage hearing: today told
Judge Samuel Alschuler, fed
eral mediator, that living ex
penses had shown a decrease
since last February. They
cited figures from a federal
department of labor report
which they said indicated
some decreases in living
costs. Attorney Condon, for
the packers, gave figures
from a report of a packers'
representative, to show that
twenty-six houses were rent
ed at $5 to $14.50 a month,
and that in some cases the
rent had been raised only $1
since last year.
20 Governors, At Conference
In Salt Lake, Would Have
Congress Set -Aside Further
Road Fund; Criticize Schools
SALT LAKE, Aug. 20. After-the-war
problems and a resume of 1919
conditions were the subject discussed
at the session here today of the elev
enth annual Governors' Conference.
Twenty governors expressed their
willingness to sign Individually, but
not as the governor's conference, a
resolution prepared by Governor Hen
ry J. Allen of Kansas, directed to con
gress, asking that the federal govern
ment make an additional appropriation
of $400,000 for the building of roads
to be expended by the state within the
next five years. The resolution pro
vides that states will be required to
contribute dollar for dollar in the road
buildin, but in states where because of
sparse populations or other difficulties
road building under the proposed pro
gram becomes a burden, there may be
given authority to extend a larger sum
of federal money. ' :
The governors also announced that
individually they would sign a resolu
tion propose dby Governor O. A. Lar
razalo of New Mexico to congress,
asking that the public domain of the
United States, 222,000,000 acres . of
which are situated in the eleven west
ern states to be ceded to the states in
which the public lands are situated.
Discussing educational legislation.
Governor Robertson of Oklahoma de
clared that there is something funda
mentally wrong with the common
school system of the country. "The
states are making the universities the
base of the educational pyramid and
the common school the apex when the
procedure should be vice versa," he
said. "The common schools are not
meeting the requirements of the peo
ple." , ;
Theodore D. Bratton, president, and
J. E. McCullouch, general secretary of
the Southern Sociological Congress,
Washington, appeared before the con
gress to appeal for the appoint
ment of a standing commission by the
governor of each state for the purpose
of making a careful study of the
causes underlying race friction with
the view of raising proper means for
their removal. Late this afternoon the
governors left for Ogden, where, to
night they were to be guests of Ogden
city officials at a dinner in Ogden
Canyon.
BIDDLE TO COMMAND TRAVIS.
SAN ANTONIO, Texas, Aug. 20.
Major General John Biddle. who
commanded all troops in England, is
due here Friday to take command or
Camp Travis, relieving Major General
James H. McRae. it was learned to
night. General McRae has been ap
pointed commander of the United
States disciplinary barracks at Fori
Leavenworth.
GOVERNORS ASK
HALF A BILLION
FOR ROAD IRK
HINES PLEDGES
SEE TION
01 I WAGES
Director General Confers With
Heads of Six Shop Unions;
Increase of Rates May Be
Made to Meet Higher Wage
I WASHINGTON, Aug. 20. Early ac
tion to settle unrest in the ranks of rail
road employes who have been demand
ing new wage increases was forecast
today.
After a lengthy conference with the
representatives of the six shop crafts
Director General Hines went to , the
White House to discuss with Presi
dent the problems facing the railroad
administration. While no announce
ment was made, it was understood
that the entire question was reviewed,
including the obvious necessity for an
increase in rates or another congres
sional appropriation to provide funds
for any wage advances that may be
made, since the administration has
been incurring a deficit every month
this year due to the falling off in bus
iness and the higher cost of labor and
materials.
Mr. Hines promised the shopmen's
leaders that he would give careful con-'
sideration to all the facts presented
and would endeavor to reach a final
decision in the near future. Indicat- i
ing that he will order Into effect any
changes in the wage scale without re
ferring the demands to a board for
investigation.
' The shopmen's demands were" pre
sented in the spring to the board of
railroad wages and working condition?
which took extensive testimony and
then divided evenly for and against a
raise. Delay in acting on the demands
eventually resulted in the recent un
authorized strikes in many sections of
the country.
Leaders of the shopmen, outlining
the reasons for their demands, said
that they did not rest primarily on the
increased cost of living, althoug that
was a contributing factor, but were
based on the proposition that the
wages of the railway shopmen ought
to be more in line with wages for sim
ilar work in other industries.
It was claimed by the union offi
cials that the wages paid railroad
shopmen are materially lower than
those of shopmen in private industries
and In ship yards and navy yards un
der government control. The mini
mum rate paid by the railroads now is
68 cents an hour, which is asked to be
advanced to 85 cents, an increase of
2f per cent
Until the shopmen's demands are
out of the way Mr. Hines is not taking
up the demands of other classes of
employes, virtually all of whom want
more money. ,
AS PROFITEERS
CHICAGO. Aug. 20. One arrest was
made today and a conference of state
prosecutors from 19 Illinois cities and
counties with District Attorney CI?ne
was held relative to cooperation -'in
prosecuting hoarders and profiteering
in the government campaign against
the high cost of living. George W.
Sbeehan, president of the Central
Sugar company, of which several offi
cers were put under charges of profit
eering in Pittsburg recently, was ar
rested today on a similar charge. -
He was released on bonds of $5,000.
It Is charged that Sheehan's firm
bought a quantity of sugar for $9.56 a
hundred pounds and sold it to another
company for $12.75.
District Attorney Clyni refused to
discuss the plans being evolved in his
meeting with the county prosecutors.
Salesof government foodstuffs con
tinued today in department stocks and
through postal service. More than 2.-
000,000
army blankets are on sale at.
ly quartermaster s depot.
the army
Would Bar Packers
Out of Mississippi
JACKSON. Miss.. Aug. 20. Per
petual injunction against the five
leading packers which will bar them
from doing business in this state, is
sought in a petition filed in chancery
court today by the state revenue
agent The court is asked to put a
statutory penalty of $5,000 a day on
the packers.
JAIL SUGAR MEN
PACKERS DENY
PRESSING NEED
OF REGULATION
Independent Representatives
Tell Senate Probers That
Competition Is Very Lively At
Both Ends of the Industry
WASHINGTON, Aug. 20. Independ
ent packers appearing before the sen
ate agricultural committee today chal
lenged most of the statements of the
federal trade committee on which
proposals for stringent regulations of
the five dominant concerns in the in
dustry are based. .
The independent representatives in
sisted they were meeting and furnish
ing lively competition at both ends of
the industry in the purchase of live
stock, and in the sale of meats to the
retailer and expect the conclusion
that the law of supply and demand
would serve sufficiently to protect the
consumer.
Their view was supplemented by
that of a retail butcher, and given
minor support in the appearance of a
vegetable cannery representative and
the head of a milk condensing busi
ness, to object to licensing provisions
of the Kenyon bills, which they felt
would apply to their business, if not
changed.
Committee members, particularly
Senator Kenyon. Republican, Iowa,
author of the regulations measure, and
Senator Capper, Republican, of Kan
questions bearing on the American In-
sas, put to tne pacKer representatives
stitute of packing, its Washington of
fices and activities, as well as enter
ing into the subject of profits.
"Is'nt the institute office here to
fight any kind of regulation?" Senator
Kenyon asked T. Davis Hill, who
headed a delegation of Independent
packers of Baltimore.
"I'm not an officer of it," Mr. Hill
said, "But I suppose they want to be
on the ground to be familiar with all
legislative proposals affecting the in
dustry." ""Understand, I'm not saying they
are wrong," Senator Kenyon said. "Or
that there is anything wrong in their
methods, but do you know about their
agents and publicity men here, or
who is going to pay for them?"
"I suppose there will be dues as
sessed for that." Mr. Hill said. "That's
the usual way."
FLEET REVIEW
. F. SEPT. 1
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Aug. 20.
Secretary of the Navy Daniels will
review the Pacific fleet at San Fran
cisco Sept. 1. he advised headquar
ters of the Twelfth Naval district
here today.
The wireless message sent from the
battleship New York enroute to
Honolulu, T. H.,indicated the presi
dent might also be here Sept. 1, it
was announced. '
The radio message from Secretary
Daniels requested that the governors
of all western states and their wives
be invited to join the official party,
which, on board the historic battle
ship Oregon, will review the new
Pacific armada. In accordance with
Secretary Daniels' direction invita
tions to the review were telegraphed
to the governors of California, ISaho,
Washington, Oregon, Montana, Utah,
Wyoming, Colorado, Arizona and New
Mexico. .
Arrest Mexican At
Nogales With 6,000
Rounds Munitions
NOGALES. Ariz., Aug. 20. United
States Intelligence officers this afterv
noon arrested M. J. Dominguez,
throa milo nMtti nf libra with ft flftf)
roundg of revolver ammUnition in 'hist
DOssession. I
Dominguez is a paymaster in th
Mexican army for the 53rd battalion,
and is said to be a member of ths
staff of Governor Calles of Sonora.
He was turned over to a deputy
United States marshal for investiga
tion. PROBE PLANE PRODUCTION.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Aug. 20. Hear
ings were started here today by a
special committee of the house of
representatives iiamed to investigate
'war-time airplane ; production " in the
J northwest.
N
Prince of Wales
Coming to Wed?
Here's Chance
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 20.
Princess Kiram, 18-year-old
daughter of the Sultan of
Sulu, arrived here today on
her way to Chicago, where
she is to enter school. One
of her companions on her
journey across the Pacific,
on the Japanese liner Katori
Maru, was Miss S. A. Agui
naldo, 1 7iyear-old daughter
of Emilo Aguinaldo, former
Phillipino rebel chief.
PLUMB GDNTROL
PLAN OPPOSED
By RAIL HEADS
Tripatite System Would Be the
Means of Losing Railroads
One-Third Investment, Says
Thorn to House Committee
WASHINGTON, Aug. 20. Railwa
management, represented by the As
soclation of Railway Executives, .to
day presented to congress its plan
for "placing the railroad business of
the country upon a stable basis."
Appearing before the house Inter
state commerce commission commit
tee, Thomas De Witt Cuyler, chair
man of the association, recommended
return of the railroads to private op
eration with executive guarantees of
adequate ' revenues and efficient ser
vice. Both Mr. Cuyler and Alfred
Thom, chairman of the committee, at
tacked the Plumb plan for tripartite
control of the roads under govern
ment ownership as an impractiable
system which the American people.
when fully informed, would surely re
ject.
Mr. Thom devoted his testimony
largely to an attack on the Plumh
plan, asserting that its provision for
retirement of private capital would
deprive the railroads of one-third ct
the lines' value.
Wage features of the Plumb plan.
Mr. Thom said, might be judged from
past and present demands of railroad
employes, considered in the light of
the employes full control over the
wages, which he ' contended they
would have under control.
Government regulation of railroads
was blamed by . Mr. Thom for the
present condition of the lines.. He as
serted that the regulation had: been
"repressive and corrective", and had
not taken . into consideration the
maintenance of efficiency.
He added, however, that he did not
ask thA regulation be diminished,
but that it be made successful.
84 DYE SHOPS
CHICAGO. Aug. 20. Eighty-four
firms of dyers and cleaners closed
their plants tonight following de
mands for increased wages and - re
duced working hours. The managers
announced the plants would remain
closed indefinitely. The shops em
ploy 2,000 persons.
The union ocntract calls for $50 a
week for dyers, $40 for cleaners and
bushelmen. and $35 for washers, with
minimum pay of $22 for men, and $1
for women and girls, and a forty-four
hour week, with time and one-half for
overtime.
Incendiaries Start
Huge Forest Fires
MISSOULA, Mont.. Aug. 20. Fed
eral forest service officials of district
No. 1, embracing Montana and north
ern Idaho, announced today the fires
in the forests are the most serious
in the history of the district. In addi
tion to new fires and old blazes be
ing fanned by high wind, fires start-.
! ed by Incendiaries were reported.
STRIKE CLOSES
HON AMBASSADOR URGED TO
INDUCE U S. IR DEPART1BT TO
WITHDRAW TROOPS FROM MEXICO
With Carranza Cavalry Pursuing
r-or Hansom, 10 nemove Americans Will 'Avoid Difficulties
Mexican Consul at Presidio Wires Washington; Meanwhile
Americans Penetrate Mexico So Far Supplies Are Outrun
BULLETIN
MARFA, Texn Aug. 20. Capt. Leonard Matlack of the Eighth
cavalry, has captured two Mexicans believed to be implicated in
the capture of Aviators Peterson and Davis. 1 I
This Information was brought to the border by an American
cavalry sergeant and a guard of enlisted men who returned to the
Rio Grande tonight.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 20. Mexican Ambassador Bonillas has been urged
by the Mexican consul at Presidio, Texas.to obtain from the war depart
ment an order for withdrawal of the American forces now in Mexico. The
consul's telegram, made public at the embassy tonight, said that since
Mexican federal troops were in pursuit of the bandits which held two Ameri.
can aviators for ransom, withdrawal of
difficulties."
MARFA. Tex.. Ausr. 20. The American t
w vrw j w(,itaoru ou i a i
into the interior of Mexico, it was learned tonight, that it had .been found
irunraetieable to et foraee and heavvv materials
r . - - nana, luuajr iuo
cavalry ordered feed for the horses from natives, paying them for it.
Lone waeon trains are nlvin? hptwppn tho nnoFt0imiafn. i
j - - a
and the field base on the Rio Grande,
iroops oi me punitive expeaiuon.
INVADING TROOPS GO INTO CAMP
MARFA, Tex., Aug. 20. After thir
ty-six hours of campaigning in Mexico
below the Big Bend border, following
"hot trails"., of - the Mexican bandits
who held Lieut. Peterson and Lieu
tenant Davis for, rarmim, American
cavalry troops went into camp in the
mountains tonight for the second time
during fhe punitive expedition after
Jesus Renteria's band.
Since the troops crossed the Rio
Grande early Monday morning, they
have been riding constantly during
daylight hours in putsuit of the ban
dits. The only contact with the bandits
resulted in the killing of one of three
Mexicans, who fired on an American
airplane yesterday, according to the
aviators' report upon return from the
field. The fight lasted twenty min
utes. The aviators were unharmed.
Reports from the field are meager.
As a result of the broken country
south of the border the troopers have
been forced to scatter and follow such
trails as they can pick up. The .coun
try is too rough for airplanes to ef
fect a landing below tne border with
out great danger.
A cryptic message "still following
trail," brought to the border by air
plane today was the only definite word
from the expedition. No officers com
manding troops in the field have yet
returned to the field bases on the
river. Maj. Gen Joseph T. Dickman,
commander of the southern depart
ment, is expected to reach here to
morrow on an inspection or posts and
camps along the border between San
Antonio and Marfa. While his visit
here at this time is not believed to
be inspired by the Mexican situation,
the commander' undoubtedly will go
overjth.e entire situation developing
from the capture and ransom of the
American aviators, with Colonel Lang
home, district commander. It is not
known whether General Dickman will
go to the border while here.
Reports from Presidio, Texas, told
of movements of Mexican federal cav
alry . under General Antonio Pruneda
today. General Pruneda left Ojinaga
late - last night, marching toward
Cuchillo Parado, 40 miles up the Con
chos river.
U. S. WANTS ALL RANSOM PAID
CANDELARIA, Tex., Aug. U0. Mex
ican newspapers received here today
announcing General Dickman's trip to
Marfa and possibly to Candelaria, in
connection with payment of the re
mainder of the $15,000 ransom for
Aviators Peterson and Davis, created
discussion as to how and to whom the
remainder of the ransom could be paid.
After securing the release of Lieuten
ant Peterson Monday night. Cant.
Leonard Matlack escaped with Lieut
enant Davis without paying the re
mainder of the ransom, amounting to
$6500. Captain Matlack returned the
money to H. M. Fennell. the Marfa
banker, who brought the ransom here.
According to newspaper reports, the
United States wants the total amount
of the ransom delivered to the bandit,
Renteria, whose band is being pursued
in Mexico by American cavalry.
As far as known, no associates or
relatives of Renteria live near the
border. Kilpatrick, a storekeeper
mentioned in the messages, the avia
tors were forced to write asking for
ransom, refused to have antyhing to
do with the transaction.
Bandits. Who Held Aviators
...... .
the American troops would "avoid
.
. m uiuo ici uryui I it? it:
carrying rations and supplies for the
T BEATS ;
EINS1EDP
N ROME HOLE
Sensational Star, Just Out of
Sick Bed, Defeats Chicago
Wizard in the Greatest Golf
Match in the History of U. S.
PITTSBURGH, Aug. 20. Francis
Ouimet demonstrated today that he Is
one of the greatest golfers ever de
veloped in this country, by defeating
Charles (Chick) Evans, one up, on
the home hole of the Oakmont county
ciud, in the second round of the an
nual amateur championship tourna
ment. Playing with the same stroke ana
nerve that gave him international
fame in 1913. when he won the open
title from Ray Vardon. England's
most famous professional, the Wood
land club representative playing
from Auburndale, Mass., fought
throughout the entire day against
the skill and stamina of the Edge
water club star of Chicago, and even
tually achieved victory with a mar
velous pitch from pit to home green
and a four foot putt.
His defeat of the holdover amateur
and open champion of 1916, came
only after hours of golfing competi
tion which was the closest and most
brilliant event ever witnessed in a.
similar titular tournament. All even
at the end of the foreneon 18 holes,
the Eastern and Western rivals re
newed their duel in the afternoon and
for a short period it appeared as
though Ouimet was to quickly clinch
the contest, but he weakened at the
end of the third nine holes and Evans
was quick to take advantage of the
opportunity and after being threu
down at one time succeeded in squar
ing the match at the thirty-fourth
green. The next, was halved in
threes.
The gallery, one of the largest that
ever witnessed a mid-week tourna
ment match in this country, was ab
solutely silent as the pair teed-up foi
the home hole play.' Evans drove
first and Ouimet followed, both reach
ing far down the fairway with Ion,
shots.
Evans massle shot rolled fully 12
feet past the cup. The double title
holder's putUfell short of the hole by
three feet.
Ouimet followed jvith a gentle tap
of his ball which rolled leisurely to
the lip of the cup. paused for the
fraction of a second and then dropped
out of sight, thus terminating one of
the most remarkable matches In tha ,
history of American golf.
Not all of the glory of the day's go'f
goes to Ouimet, for the manner in
which Evans fought and forced Hi
victory is shown by the fact tint,
there was but a difference of c( o
hole and one stroke at the end ci
one of the hardest matches ever play
ed in an amateur championship.
Ouimet finished with a total s!ru;e
score of 150 and Evans with lfL
1 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
THURSDAY, AUGUST 21, 1019
r PAGE TWO " "
Him DOOM .
COMIIUG I
CITOTOUL
I
weeks.- Flans are now being prepared j
ror some live new resraences to De 01
brick er cement. Good houses are very
scarce in the whole district, ia fact
there ta none. There are severa Ion
the waiting, list for house.
O. P. Engelder, cashier of the War
ren company, returned from New York
state, his old home, Sunday morning,
leaving Mrs. Engelder and children In
the east for. a while longer. Mr. En
gelder sayB things "look good" in
New York and that there are more
berries, wild and tame ia the- state
than were ever known before. Apples
hare not done well. Mr. Engelder vis
ited New Tort City and while there
his brother, Oscar .returned from over
seas. Oscar worked for the C. and A
Co. some years ago. He was at Sar
dtna Islands for a long time managing
Activity continues in the' building i copper prospect until the war broke
Several New Residences Are
Going Up; Many Are Buying
' Lots in Warren With View
To Building in Near Future
IN
15-
ARRESTED FOR
BOOTLEGGING
and real estate line in Warren
I. C. E. Adams has purchased Te
Walter O'Malley residence oa the cor
ner of Congdon street and Mojava
Trail. Mr. Adams has a force of mea
working over the yarJ, painting tbe
house and making- other repairs. He
has leased the place for a term of
months to Captain H. Seyraore of
Naco. The captains' family, who I
have been spending the summer at ,
Cloudcroft, N. M., will be here about !
September 1. Captam Seymore and I
family have a great number of friends ,
in the Warren district..
Mrs. Bruce Wilcox has moved frcm
the Third addition to Bakerville. Mr.
Wilcox has been in the Texas oil i
tiolAm fnr anmo time Thcv hav TMtt-
11 1U J (VI "J "M - J i
tha ThlrH m'.riitinn to 1
E.
out. He is now chief engineer ior me
Verde Combination at Jerome. Oscar
was married on his return to a young
lady from the Iron Region.
B. F. Faust, one of the well-known
characters of Bisbee and the Warren
district, was arrested at his "ter
garden" on Naco road early yesterday
morn in c by Deputy Sheriff Tom ros
O.S. INSPECTOR
VISITS BISBEE
government aid the first step was to
outline a project and when this is ap
proved then definite specification or
the work to be done must be sub
mitted to the bureau of public roads
and when this is approved the money
is then available.
Both the route east of Douglas and
the one between Benson and Vail are
now in the first stage, while the pav
ing link on tbe Douglas-Bisbee high
way has been finally approved and
the contract for this work will be let
rn a short time. All government aid
work is required to be done under the
direction of the state engineer.
Engineer Ryan reports the roads rn
the county now to oe geiung
commission. Mr. Ryan filled the po
sition of county engineer for a number
of years before going with the county
commission, and some of the best
roads in the county today were con
structed under his supervision, in
cluding the highway between Bisbee
and Tombstone and on to Benson and
the fine boulevards leading out of Bis
bee to Hereford and Naco.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE
BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
back
ISfl
J. C. Moore, representing the gov
cmnieut bureau of public roads, sndjsj,- EOO(j siane after the heavy rains.
ter on a charee of "bootlegging." Chris t c Ryan engineer for the Cochise! On September I the term ef the pres-1
AiHkktnnen was also taken into cus- . iWcntaTient oouatv road commission will ex-
- o - . . i .iiiiui v xlvmcu i:miiiiiinaiuui i . -
i rrsc t?rtn in : " ' ' 9
tody ana laier uiiue nm.i.tni,hi hiehwav. ! Pire
-" w - ! knoi
lADVAHGE- SALE - I
in i mnr rnn
L IIILJI L LIlK
1.1 I HIIIll I 111! i
III I 1 I I 1 I I lIIB
confession
which he admitted to the officers that
he had been In the he. bit of buying
"white mule" from Faust for some
time at 25 cents a diink.
Both Faest, an elderly man with a
nowing white beard, and Agik-ianen
were taken to jail on failure to pst
up bonds for their appearance, al
though Faust is said to be worth at
least $100,000. The old man has been
Mr. Moore Came for the purpose or
application has been made for govern-1
ment aid.
There are three government aid
projects in Cochise county, covering
the middle link of the paved road be
tween Douglas and Bisbee, the work
on the borderland route between
Then it will be the duty of the
board of supervisors to name a new
the link on the Benson-Vail road.
Mr. Moore explained that to
get
The advance sale of tickets for the
in trouble' with the authorities a num-4 Douglas and Rodeo, New Mexico, and
I ber ef times in the past
Foster was going norae eany
! day morning after a . nigtit s worn.
' w,, h saw a liaht in Faust's place
aad thought he would give it the '
"once over." Just as he was approach-'
ing the door, he says, he saw Faust
hand out a bottje and place it on the,
bar. Then came the glass and just
a crivvinnm was Dourine oat a ,
mm
CATARRH
rf the
BLADDER
icliwad in
24 HOURS
Each Cop.
uio Iwar t h. 3,'IDY)
nmo m
"of(nn. urrfeits
ecial Sale in Dresses
Lasting 3 Days From $12.50 to $18.50
Skirts $2.75 to $8.50 Petticoats $3.50 to $6.50
IffRUITMAN'S
11 ASHION SHOP
Main St. Opp. American Express Co. Phone 7
l WiUlliuu ! , . s-w ;o.k tka Wan. i.j v . Vh ho
M. MUrte!!. wba i. Wtorrt wltk - " WOK. ro,r ,rr.
ST -MrJKKlMSr SH Praise For Wilbert
the district and will be .connected with
the Phelps Dodge corporation on' the
construction of the new .milLV. Mr:
John and family have moved to their,
old home place on Mojave Trail. Mr.
John is applying a new eoat of yalnt
to the boase, besides a new fence and
cement walls and expects to be" busy
for gome weeks. ' " v. .';
GU8 Hfll has raised his house on
Black Knob View street and made it
a two-story building. The lower part
is built of concrete, "
WiHiam Re tea has parcbased.the
borne of Thomas Gilbert on Black
Knobview, Warren. Mr. Gilbert has
moved to Texas. -
J.-R. dement is putting in a: con
crete curb and fence arotnd - their
home in Warren.
Roger Kennedy of the Phelps Dodge
corporation has purchased two very
choice tots and location sn the Vista
at Warren. These lots are adjoining
the " southwest corner of .Vista park.
Mr- Kennedy has sand and gravel on
the lots and will erect a reinforced
concrete building at once,-which will
give a finishing touch to the entrance
of Vista Btreet oo the west.
Several lot sales have been made in
the Warren townsite during the week
and announcements of some fine resi
dences will be made within a couple of
oroeram in this district, indicating the
keen interest that has been aroused
in the coming bout between these two
well-raatehed pugilists. .
J. F. Dilmoth, deputy U. S. marshal,
was up- form Douglas yesterday, and
brought along orders for another big
party for seats. ' Mr. Wilmotb already
had ordered seats lor his own party of
ten some time ' ago. He said Doug
las would send along a big delegation
to watch the scrap. Instead of betting
1 that. Chambers will win the Douglas
"fans' ro nnw lnakin? for heta that
Loughrey will not knock the husky
cavalryman out in ten rounds. ,
This change in sentiment has fol
lowed Ijoughrey's snappy work recent
ly and a perusal of his records against
such men as the late Les Darcy .Micky
King, Battling Nelson. George Carpen
tier and ether stars in the pugilistic
firmament. Chambers is at his best
right now, but whether his gameness
and speed will win against the supe
rior experience and skill of Loughrey
remains to be seen.
': Secretary Tom Egan of the Warren
District Athletic club, has received
word from Otto Wallace t bat he is
"rearin to go" against Tommy Carter
here on September 22, the date of the
aext fight to be held here. Egan is
now awaiting word from Carter. This
And Bisbee Mayor
For Handling Food j
In " appreciation or the' ' splendid !
work done by R. J. Wilbert in sell-;
ing surplus array supplies to Bisbee
Union... whom he
CUC . I
K fniri Tjbor . iTnion. who he
represented, voted last night to pre
sent to him the amount of pay thai
he l06t in the time he was absen
from his work in the mines. A votu
of thanks was also extended Mayor
Erickson by the union for his efforts
in making the campaign such a sut.-,
cess.
Both men, it was pointed out, haa
given of their time unsparingly am.
enthusiastically to further the praise
worthy project. .
President W. C. James of the union
last night appointed a special com
mittee of eleven members wnn nr.
Wilbert as chairman, to represent
labor in further food sales and dis
tribution from government stores.
would be one ( the best drawing
cards of the yet ' the match can be
arranged. At la reports Carter was
Riiffprimr from a broken hand. ; but it
is expected this would be entirely well
by tho twenty-second. . e" j., . -V..
FIRE
OF
W U 1 P M U TIf I P Iff
NOW . O N
. Boosicr Catloets
The Kitchen Cabinet that saves miles of
steps r-This wonderful kitchen 'helper
enables you to do your work in much
less time and it saves your energy for en
joyable things. We have several prac
tically undamaged.
Fine CWnawarc Reduced
There are hundreds of pieces of China
ware in this big Fire Sale that are in
good condition and perfectly serviceable
for any home. They must be sold quick-
ly, so we have marked the "prices way
down, in fact,r so low that we are almost
- giving them away. . , ' 0
SELECT YOUR BEDS HOW
We offer you the opportunity- of securing bed
sets of excellent design and material and of a
higher character than, we believe you will ever
again be able to secure at such low prices. Now
is the time for you to buy at the best possible ad
vantage. A good bed of substantial appearance
and comfort is sought by everyone. We have a
large "variety to -select from All marked down
at prices affording you a great saving opportunity.
ROGKIRG CHAIRS
A shipment of very fine Rocking Chairs was slightly dim
orA in tni fire"nJl we are scllins them at tremendous reduc
tion from original prices. . This is a buying opportunity you
cannct afford to miss. : The3e rbckers are built of the most
durable quality and nicely finished. You will find these rock
ers'; :espejj'. desirable fox every day use and our Fire Sale
prices make it easy for "you to. buy them now.? ,' '
i8
Thursday Money Savers at THE FAIR
The Summer Season for the retailer is drawing to a close the early Fall Season is opening in fact wf
arc how in receipt daily of new Fall Merchandise. To make room for these, purchases we must have the room
to make this room ALL SUMMER MERCHANDISE must be moved regardless of whatever loss to us. Hence,
these unseemingly out of proportion to value prices. .
Every item in the following advertised sale is absolutely true in every sense of the word.
Frankenberg Bros. & Newman
The Garment Chiefs "Orders" Clear the Decks of All
Women's Summer Dresses
Grouped Into 4 Lots for Quick Disposal
$5.00 - $6.50 - $8.95 - $1150
If we were to take the .presses that we have assembled for this disposal and plance
them before you one hy one, you'd want to "buy several, for the prices are lowered
so much that we anticipate oaick selling. . .
--Graceful, becoming styles. - v v , .
Trimmed in . several different ways -with beads, braid and ribbons.
--Dresses of., Taffeta, Geopgette' Crepe, ' Voiles, Organdies. Challies, Etc.
Scores of Dresses Dozens of Styles.:
Surely a model, n- color, and a size for you. ....... . v '
A Sale in which every woman will be interested.
Values $12.95, Thursday, $5.00
Values $13.75 to $17.50, Thursday $6.50
Values $18XK) to $25.00, Thursday $&95
Values 27.50 to $35.00, Thursday $12.50
Wash Satin
Camisoles
98c
' Made of good quality
Pink Wash Satin and Crepe
de Chene ; embroidered
fronts, ribbon shoulder
' straps ; 'an extra good value.
Thursday, 98c
A Blouse Event, $1.95
Remarkable Values: , A . clearance of dozens of lovely styles, every
model under-priced. Be here early!
Women will "go wild" over them. Such quality and style. . Tis
amazing the price they bear.
Put clearance time means. Clearance at . the ' fair. These
Bljwses must be sold at onee. - - . .
Models of Voile and Organdie in white and. colors. ,
Lace and Embroidery trimmed; big variety to select from; all
sizes, 36 to .44. . i
Wash Skirts
Price
Skirts of Voiles,
. Repps, Drills, Gabardines
and Pique; dozens of mod
els and every one this pres
ent season's styles. Your
unrestricted choice Thurs
day,
HALF PRICE
Fibre and Tremor Wool
Rugs, $10.45
Thir being an Underpricing
They are in 8.3x10.6, 9x3,
7.6x9 sizes, in pretty designs in
Browns and Greens, as they are
worth far more, " we advise you
to come early if ' you waut any
of thenv
Silk-Poplins, $1.50 yd.
36-inch wide Silk Pop
lins in all the new and
staple, colors an ideal fab
ric for Skirts, Blouses and
Dresses Extra good value,
$1.50 yd.
Women's
N
ew
Silk Lace Hose,
$l.n
drop stitch and
Curtain Scrims, 35c Yd.
500 yards Curtain
Scrims, 36 to 45 inches
Lace Hoso m Black, Navy, wide, in White, Cream and
Bronze, Grey and Cordova,!. Ecru, in plain and bordered
wide . carter tons, double! edges, an extra eood value
TJ w-
heel, sole and toe; all sizes,
Sy2 to 10. $1.50 pair.
for Thursday's selling, 35c
yard.
Four Extra Good
Underwear Values
For Men
Men's Balbriggan Shirts and
Drawers, all sizes; regular 85c val
ues, 65c garment.
Men's Porous Knit Undershirts;
all sizes; regular $1.00 value, 59c
Men's Athletic Union Suits of
good quality Nainsook; all sizes, a
dandy value, $1.25.
Men's Porous Knit Union Suits,
an ideal garment for present wear;
all sizes; regular $1.50 value, $1.00.
YOUR LAST CHANCE
' Final Clean Up Sale of Women's Summer
Oxfords, Pumps and Shoes
Away Down in Price ,
Women's Pumps, Values to $4.00
$1.65
Women's White Canvas, in
both high and law heels, ' rubber
soles; good range of sizes; regular to
$4.00; special, $1.65.
Women's Pumps, Kid and Canvas,
. Values to $7.50; $3.15
Worrtens White Canvas and
Champagne Kid Pumps, high and
low heels; regular to $7.50; special,
$3.15.
Women's Kid Shoes and Oz fords, Values to $6.50 ; $4.25
Women's White Kid, Cloth T ep Shoes, broken sizes, also Women's
Brown Kid Oxfords, row heel; all sizes. Regular $6.50 values; special,
$4.25.
; ?
' ' ' ' ' ' Q '
0. K. Street Hear tlie Depot
I
I
BQBBBBISfi9S!HBBEHSSBSflE3iBMSESS TirTRRD'AY, "AUGUST 21,1919
THE BISBEE D AiTL Y RE VTETV
FIRST PICTURES if! II. S. OF THE NEW GERMAN MM
if v: " .,.? r-V" . -.
-x ,
.1 J
t - x?
. 4 VV
i '
i
BERLIN7 Quite an efficient .fighting force,, this new German ai my, training under Von Lettow-Vorbeck. The
only thins that distinguishes it from the ol array is the absence of the goosestep. These men are trained to
protect the frontier from Poland, German leaders say but 'twould be useful anywhere. Inset, are Von Lettow
Vorbeck, who is training the new army and Von der Goltz, commander of German" force in the Baltic left)
whom Germany refuses to. recall -at the demand cf the allies. . . : . ,. -
i -. V , AOli, '
, " , ii V ' '
.....
BERLIN Drilled in the frentle art of flame throwing, these German so ldiers of the new army are prepared
to deal hot death to invaders or rebellious countrymen or people of other nations if the order is given. The
use of liquid fire in warfare was one of the inventions of the Germans, and one which they seem not disposed
to drop with the "overthrow" cf militarism. - v
1 . . :. v:-?::--y.;:. :.::,vv
-
r
I , ::! . ' s v v
I S 4i - i -tfw I I 111" 1 -
... - :" - .:i .? . s- ... i,...-.::
, iili ' --
BERLIN' Machine cuns of the newest design and a will to use them
are possessed by the soldiers of Germany rebuilding. ' Note the eager, in
tent attitude of this crew of a German "suicide squad."
ORDER OF ELECTION.
WHEREAS, A petition 'contrrfr.i.i
the signatures of a majority or the
property taxpayers and residents or
and in the Townsites or Warren, Bak
erville.and Cochise, and such other
surrounding territory as Is included
within the area outlined in red upon
the a(i:clied blue print. In the County
of C(m hi.se. State of Arizona, has
been presented to the Board of Super-
enues, in the Townsite of Warren,
for the purpose of deciding by ballot
whether or not a volunteer fire com
pany shall be organized and main
tained in said District according to
law, at which election only those per
sons who are property taxpayers of
and in said District, and who are also
in all respects qualified electors of
the said State of Arizona, and have re
sided in said District for a period of
Six (6) months prior to said election
Alleged Makers of
Whiskey Are Held
On Federal Charge
Deeming .the evidence against them
sufficient for federal action, the Unit
ed States district - attorney's office
yesterday issued warrants, for W. J.
Jolnson and Mrs. Carl ' Anderson,
alias Johnson, alias Goldie Harrington,
on a charge of illegally manufacturing
liquor.
The pair, who have been in tho cus
tody of the local authorities oinoe Sat
urday, were turned over to Deputy V.
S. Marshal Wilmot and arraigne.1 be
fore U. S. Commissioner Taylor. Their
hearing was continued untii Friday.
Johnson and the woman were ar
rested by Sheriff McDonald Saturday
afternoon after a quantity of mash and
malt had been found in a shack in the
Winwood addition owned by Mrs. Ella
Perkins, and alleged to have been
rented by them.
Since that time Goldie has been oc
cupying a cell at the city jail while
Johnson has been held at Lowell.
visors of said County, praying for'- hnl, ht un-A fn vnto
said Board to call an election to de- '. IT TT , . ' T
cide whether or not a Volunteer Eire1 Tf IIe",7 olcombe. L. E. Hawes
Company ehall be organized and D1 Amos Newmand are suitable per-
mn!n'aiiM.d in said District, and f.on9 88 judges t0 '-nduct said elec-
tion.
WHEREAS, There has been de-' . . ... . ' .
nosltfvt with thu nnoi m ft That the polls will be open between
One Huidred (J100.00) Dollars to de
fray the expenses of said election.
NOW THEREFORE. It Is hereby
ordered that an election be held on
the 9th day of September, A. D., 1919,
iu the Warren Company Building, on
the hours of 2:00 and 9:00 o'clock
P. M.
That the words appearing upon the
ballots to be used at said election
shall be "Volunteer Fire Company
Yes." "Volunteer Fire Company
No." And each of said propositions
the co-Tjrr of Tenm-r and Arizona Av- phall be followed by a aquare enclos
Local Motorist Has
Run of Hard Luck
Clarence Eibes of the highway com
mission office is out of luck these
days. . ; .,
Clarence drew a pile of publicity
and a $10 fine about four days ago
for speeding. When he came to get
his lil' Old Ford last night he found
Officer Shepherd had left him another
tag.
The, officer claims that Eibes park
ed his car In front . of the Bisbee
Transfer company in such a manner
as to obstruct traffic, so Clarence will
bid Judge Norton another greeting
this morning.
ing a vacant place in which the
voters shall mark an "X." Those
voters desiring to vote in favor of the
Volunteer Fire Company shall place
an "X" in the vacant, space following'
the word "Yes," and those. desiring to
vote against the Volunteer Fire Com-!
pany shall place an "X" in the Bpace
following the word "No."
By order of the Board of Supervisors
of Cochise County, State of Arizona.
(SEAL) I. C. E. ADAMS,
ATTEST: Chairman.
L. F. KUCIIENBECKER, Clerk.
i1 ywiim.!;) ,w im
- ... ... .
inmu mi L.aif M'im-n .1 , t-, .? Cau.. 1" 1 f.- E...i.: '- -, ;, --. ,llrt, , . .
' - mSkWi. OF FRESH
.FEU.;. IS il; Y.S( iS ... AEES
Take a glance at our
Grocery Window and
see the, beautiful baskets
of assorted fresh Fruits
that we are offering for.
sale at
Special price
. . Basket
'Each basket weighs
over 5 lbs. and contains
Oranges, Pears, Peaches,
Red, Green and Blue
Plums, Muscot, ; Seed
less, Black-Grapes, Ba
nanas, Etc. ;
Come Early
COURTEOUS SALES PEOPLES
W&y Not Preserve Now?
We Have Everything Necessary
SPECIAL PRICES ON
; MASON FRUIT JARS
Pints - $1.20 per doz.
Quarts $1.40 oer doz.
Half Gallon $1.75 per doz, j
Rubber Rings 15c per doz. I
FRUITS
Simoni, Satsuma, Kelsey,
Sanli" Rosi, Egg . Plum, Hun
garian Peaches; Black Diamond
Plums; Seedles. Muscatel,
Malaga. Rose . Peru, Zinfandel
Grapes; -Banans. Cantaloupes.
Casabas.'Hondew Melons, Crab
apptes, Apples, Oranges, Bart
lett Pears.
Vegetables
' Cabbage, Summer Squash,
Hubbard Squash. Carrots. Tur
nips'' Beets, Green Onions,
Wax Beans, Lima Beans, Cu
cumbers, Tomatoes, Green
Chill, Bell Peppers. Egg Plant.
Pie Plant. Oyster riant, Pars
oiips. Celery,' Tomatoes, Rad
ishes, Lettuce, Sweet Potatoes,
.Red Cabbage, Groen Peas,
Spinach.
Prices Are Low Now Take Ad-
- vantage of This Opportun
ity. PRESERVE NOW.
0mn
BISBEE LOWELL AND WARREN
PAGE THREE
p
n
k.2
J Page four
THE BISBEE'DAILY REVIEW
THURSDAY, AUGUST 21, 1911)
Gibs iSiBbvz 33aiU 2irtri?ni
Published Every Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated Publlshlno
Company
B. P. GUILD, General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to use for re-publication of
all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to this paper,
and Hlso. the local news published therein. i
All rijjhta ot re-publication of special dlspatchea herein are also reserved
Entered a Second Class Mail Matter at Blsbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8, 1897.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN" ADVANCE
Per Month
Six Months , . ,. , i , .
Twelve Months . ...
Sunday (our Weekly) Per Year
-S .80
4. 00
. 7.F.0
. 2.50
Statements to our subscribers are rendered on or about the first of eve ry
month. If you receive our paper through a City Carrier, he will bring your
statements to your door for coMection. Make all checks payable to rn
liisbee Daily Ke'view. Those desirint; subscriptions for more than one month
may secure them by advising The Ueview office.
WHICH?
THE NEW CITY MARKET
. . . i : :. . : . V. (ha
THci proposal Dy me American, ijegiuu, co-uiieiatius '-"
city council, to establish a city market in Bisbee. will ba
watched with interest by both supporters of the project and
the doubters. Manifestly only an actual test will demon
strate whether the plan will "work" in Bisbee and the Warren district.
The municipal market is not a new idea. It has been tried in
many cities in this country, both in the east and in the west, and m
Europe it has been the recognized means of commerce for centuries.
In the United States, the municipal market idea has been proposed
fn practically every town of more than a few thousand inhabitants.
In many communities, the idea never has advanced further than the
stage of discussion, and in these places where it has been tried the
;esults have been so conflicting that they furnish lfttle basis on
which to predict a success or a failure here.
in L03 Angeles, where there is a large population, not overly
prosperous, where thousands to whom the saving of a few cents i3
a matter of vital importance, the municipal market has been a won
derful success. In Reno, Xev., a city about the size of Bisbee and
th9 surrounding Warren district, the municipal market fell flat. The
majority of the residents ore well-to-do and have acquired the tele
phouc ordering habit. Mrs. Housewife simply would net take the
trouble to go down town shopping in the morning or run the risk
of losing her servant by sending the latter on a marketing trip. And
so the municipal market in that town failed. : r
We nil know that under the middleman system we are paying
exorbitant prices for our produce. A municipal market would effect
a substantial saving, if the farmers could be induced to cut their
prices below that charged by the stores and if they would submit to
a maximum rate set by a price-fixing board. Only an actual test can
determine this question.
Again .the success of the market would depend upon the pat
ronage given it by the womeu. for it Is the women who do about 99
per cent of the buying for their households. If Mrs. Housewife
would forego the luxury of the telephone system, put her market
basket on her arm. and make the trip herself to the market, she
could make the plan a success. As a matter of fact, the fate of the
municipal market rests with the women.
There are innumerable other questions that affect thn project.
Tho problem of finding a suitable site for the market is only one of
these. Again, a municipal market would have to be on a cash b;1,
while the trade of tht town at present is largely on the credit plan. '
Something should be done to reduce the high prices of. food.
This is ,a fact we must all admit. The legion and the city council
re at least on the right track in their efforts to accomplish this.
Whether the municipal market is a sqlution of the problem remains
to be seen. Let us hope that St is. '
"BEMEN yOU AND I"
f By "Griff" -
IT'S DIFFERENT NOW.
Do you remember when Roosevelt
announced "Perdicaris alive or Raisull
dead", and a warship started at once
after the bandits? A little different
from Secretary Baker's announce
ment on the capture of two Ameri
can aviators by Mexicaa bandits that
he "would make a statement when it
seems
Stick!
AN IRISH BULL
Mayor Hyland of New York
seems to -have put his foot in it
gain. After refusing te meet De
Vatera, the Irish president, along
comes the Prince of Wales to
visit the United States. Now
what's "h irzoner" to do?
A CHANGE IN POLICY
AMY one who has been watching developments along the border
and who has been intelligently reading the news from. Wash
ington, cannot fail to discern that the way is being paved for
a change in our policy toward Mexico. For weeks the Asso
ciated Press has been carrying long dispatches from the national
capital concerning events below the line that heretofore would have
been ignored or given only a line or two of mention.
Where El Paso used to be the great fountain head for "stories"
true or false, regarding conditions in the southern republic, Wash
ington has suddenly become the source of news of this character, it
is obvious that this change preseages another change and one of far
greater importance.
It i probable that the capture of two American aviators by
Mexican bandits, the demand for ransom and the invasion of the ,
southern republic by our military forces in pursuit of the brigands
will bring matters to a climax a little earlier than otherwise. Every
one at all familiar with the relations between Mexico and this coun-
try hopes that such will be the case.
Our Mexican policy in the past has not been one to which we
can point with any particular pride. Patience seems to have been
its chief virtue. The Mexicans of the more intelligent classes are
just as dissatisfied with existing conditions as are we ourselves. Trade
has been paralyzed between the two countries and Mexio, our sister
republic, which by all rights should enjoy a share in our own pros
perity has been ravaged by banditry and devastated by turmoil.
Our policy and Mexico's policy have only served to estrange
rather than to cement the friendship that we should enjoy with our
neighbors. A change is long overdue. What this change will be has
not yet been revealed. We can only trust that it will be one which
will Bave Mexico from herself, confirm American's altruism and end
a long-standing menace to world peace.
Here and There in Arizona
CARRANZA'S MOVE NEXT.
We are now awaiting a warn
ing from Carranza that the Eighth
cavalry may go north, east or
west after the bandits who cap
tared our aviators but not south.
Let us hope Captain Matlack in
charge of the pursuing 4 forces
gets so far from communication
with . Washington that he won't
corae back until he has the ban
dits "dead or alive".
REVENGE IS SWEET.
Harry Midkiff, the new deputy
sheriff in Bisbee, who 6pent two
years "over there", says he is go
mg to "get even" with one of his
hard-boiled lieutenants by pur
chasing a few cans of army corn
d bf hash and inviting said
loot" to dinner, .
WE SHOULD WORRY. .
Another strike that means nothing
in the young life of Bisbee is that of
the actors and stage hands. .
EXTRA! BIG JEWEL ROBBERY.
. George Winfrey, who moved
down to Warren last week , and
started housekeeping on the re.
turn of his family from the East,
'reported a big jewel robbery yes
terday. Yes, you guesssd it. Tho
jewel was a jewel of a cook that
failed to show up.
THERE'S A REASON
Postmaster Lee R. Bailey, who like
54,000 other postmasters of the coun
try, Is now up to his neck in the grocery-business,
says that for some rea
son there has been no marked de
mand for beans from the returned sol
dier boys.
LARGE SUM ADDED TO one and four, but denies everything
STATE'S TAXABLE WELATH. ce contained therein.
PHOENIX, Aug. 20. The total as- Th sta.e-.iiso alleges in its as
sessed valuation of all classes of prop-1 wel l,ulL H i)arl OI lne original
within tho el-lto rf Ari?.H9 f,...: ttllieill llltlU
eity within the state of Arizona for i - . smuuiu
taxation purposes is $855,542,437.93, i de,hvr e Ke! y-Springf.eld two
according to corrected fibres issued : f.ylmder roIler which has never made
commission. ! il c- .
in iiuumon, it. is alleged mat tne
today by the state tax
rru : :H..AnnH r ti-t
the figures recently given out, t he ! lors. mules and harness were not
addition having been made necessary i
in good shape, that the animals were
following a period of uneonsciouFnens
of several hours. He had been un
able to speak or move his limbs- since
he was stricken.
The funeral will be held from the
Elks home in this city and the service
will be in charge of the Elks, of
which order the deceased was a mem
ber. It is probable t,he services will
bo held Friday. A sister of the de
ceased is expected to arrive Thursday
by the discovery by the fox officers I ?u defective unserviceable, unfit for j night f,-0m Plymouth. Iowa, as well
of Coconino county that railroad grrnti
further use, lame and -afflicted with
lands, the valuation of which amounts j our uieiii wwcu uiuudu
to that sum, had been emitted from 8X6 6UDJect- '
the tax rolls.
These lands will be added to the i DAIRY DEMONSTRATION
IN NORTHERN ARIZONA.
TUCSON, Aug. 20. Professor W. S.
as a sister of Mrs. Armstrong, Mrs,
T. M. Jtesh. of Carroll, 111.
Although an official of th. olice
department when He dle'l, "vint
been night sergeant since June 15,
this year, Mr. Armstrong was most o
his life identified with fire works and
had bnen chief of the fire departments
at Joliet,' 111., Douglas, and El Paso.
county tax abstract at the next meet
ing of the county supervisors. The
land was sold by the Santa Fe Rail- j Cunningham, head of Uhe Dairy De-
road company some two or tnree . paitment of the Cologe of Agricul-ZL """. ". uij. nu ra -wi.
years ago and had been inadvertently ture left on August '3rd for a three He was sti11 greeted as "Chief ' by
omitted from the tax rolls since its weeks trip to the n01 thern part of the ' mnY prs? who new hlm wfn
iransier. uacK taxes tor tne years ( state to take part in seVeral dairy
1917 and 1918. it is understood, are to i demonstration meetings.
be collected bv the county authorities. nFonom y.,a orrmfi vv
The revision of the total assessed r- w pm.n r-mtr a ,ritr-i , ORGANIZATION FORM ED
valuation will not mean anv chance in a r jJtn a.k .,t,J BY GLOBE ENGINEERS.
- i ul iia.nju auu nytxyLx
the stale tax rate, tnairman m. jgie8 which will include public demon-
Kanaer or tne tax commission siait-u ,ot l af ion antl leptures .at St. Josenh.
CONVICTED .
Justice of the Peace J. L. Winters
tried to eat lunch at a Lowell cafe
yesterday and was trying to puzzle
out something appetizing on the bill of
fare... Finally the nervous waiter ask
ed: "Did you ever try any of our
fresh ranch eggs, judge."
"Yes," was the reply, u tried sev
eral of them and found them guilty."
CAN YOU TIE THIS?
The stingiest man wo know soys he
has moved to the very end of the
street car line (we won't tell which
end) so he can get a longer ride for
his nickle.
ONE WAY OUT
If Henry Ford really v-ants to die
poor, like Andy Carnegie wished, he'd
better start a few more libel suits
like the one against the Chicago
Tribune.
WRITE YOUR OWN HEADLINE
A young Missouri couple verc
married yesterday in an airplane
at the Sedalia state fair.
IT MIGHT BE WORSE
While prohibition has brought
sunshine into many a Bisbee
home, it has also brought in con
siderable moonshine.
BREAD CAST UPON THE WATERS
The theme for this morning's scr
monette is Deputy Sheriff Mert Gil
man's experiences trying to be a good
Samaritan. Oilman ran into a deal
that backs off the boards the r,tory of
the man "who found a piece of tope,
only to discover a cow on the other
end when he got home. Incidentally
the deputy believes this good Samari
tan business is just another name for
hard luck. It was this way. A few
weeks ago a humble, polite, honest
looking Mexican stopped tho detnetive
to ask advice as to line of conduct.
He had found a poor, sick, starving
calf ia the road near his home down
by the Saginaw mine. What should
he do? Let it die? No, no, too cruel.
But if ho fed it, might not the offi
cinas arrest hire and cast him into
prison as a cattle thief?
"Nothing of the sort, go ahead and
feed the calf and if you find the own
er, turn it over to hlm and hand in
a bill for th feed," the deputy ad
vised. This was "sta wayno" for the
Mexican. Then one day Angus Ar
buckle missed one of his calves and
started a search. He found the ani
mal up at the Mexican's home at the
head of Tombstone canyon, not near
the Saginaw mine, as he had told
Gilman.
How did he come to have th calf?
Oh that Officina Gilman had told him
he might have it. Followed imme
diate summoning of Mr. Gilman be
foro the stock Inspector to explain,
and vsin efforts to pry the calf loose
rroni the Mexican. Finally he agrred
to return the beast, but he n?ver did
so.
Of course, it got into the courts
then Justice of the Peace Winters'
court, to be exact end on garnish
ment proeffclinas Mr. Arbuckle finally
got his calf back.
serving in that capacity In one of the
three cities.
today. The slight amount over the
budget levied for will go into the gen
eral fund of the state.
RUMANIA'S DEFIANCE
TREAT AS HAS BEEN Rumania's povocation, she is not play
ing the part of wisdom in ignoring the orders of the Paris
peace conference with reference to the treatment to be ac
corded Hungary. She cannot hope to play a lone hand long,
and whatever loot she may take from the vanquished enemy will
not compensate for the loss of the respect and good wil lof her allies.
In violation of the terms of the armistice King Ferdinand's sol
diers are reported to be plundering Budapest and to be carrying off
vast stores of food, supplied in part by America, from the already
impoverished country. Although It is retaliation for similar excessci
committed by the Huns during their invasion of Rumania, the coursi
is ill-advised, not only because it is in conflict with the peace terms,
but also because it will prove embarrassing to the new Hungarian
government which the allies desire to 6ee firmly established in place
of Bela Kun's government. '
The peace terms represent the combined wisdom of tho world's
greatest statesmen and each of the nations of the alliencc ha.s had
to surrender some of its individual preferences to promote haftypny
and in the Interest of the common welfare. Rumania, not content
with the agreement, is dictating her own terms. Threats of Economic
pressnme made' by the allies to induce King Ferdinand's government
to conform to their wishes are said not to carry mjtch weight be
cause Rumania just now has good crops and is in no particular need
of help from the outside. But no nation situated as she is can hope
to maintain long a position of Isolation. Rumania eventually will
listen to reason.
PRESCOTT POST PROPOSES
$100,000 SERVICE MEMORIAL.
PRESCOTT, Aug. 20. The Ameri
can Legion's proposal to ewct as
Yavapai county's memorial to the sol-died-dead
and emblem of victory for
I he surviving soldiers, was placed be
fore a representative body of citizens
at a luncheon )resterday noon, and ac
cepted for consideration by a com
mittee appointed out of that meeting.
Service to the community is the ideal
on which the enterprise will be found
ed, and cooperation of all interests
will be sought to put it through.
Briefly, the plan to build a struc
ture at a cct of $100,000 to house all
community activities, plus facilities
for1 athletics, reading and writing,
dormitories, swimming pool and
showers pnd such other activities as
may properly be conducted in such r.n
institution. The plant proposed to be
erected will be patterned closely after
those put up by Y. M. C. A. oruaniba
tlons, but will add to the facilities of
such institutions by reason of the
diversity of interest organizing- and
directing it.
At the meeting were representatives
of such organisations as"th Y. MT C.
A., Knights of Columbus, War Camp
Community Service, fraternal organ
izations and tho Ernest Love Post of
the American Legion. Provision for
the participation of all so-called com
munity organizations was insisted
upon in the discussion.
The concensus of opinion was
strongly in favor of rn institution de
signed to give the service proposed
by the executive committee 'of the
legion, the only diversity of view con
cerned the manner in which the ob
jects could be attained.
The men higher up were responsible for the beating of dough
boy prisoners. That is, the men higher up were lower down.
Snowflake, Showlon. Taylor. Eagar,
Alpine, Hunt and back to Holbrook.
Lectures on different phases of
dairying are given by Professor Cun
ningham together with demonstra
tions showing the processes used in
the making of soft . cheeses, hard
cheeses, and butter under conditions
identical with those found on the
average farm.
This program was scheduled in re
sponse to an urgent dejnand from peo
ple who are vitally interested and
anxious to see the dairy industry de
veloped and improved until it reaches
Ua ritrjiffnl nrveiHrin 99 one of til
- TtT T T
most important and stable agrlcultur-1 "
GLOBE, Aug. 20. One hundred en
gineers of the Globb-Miami district
met in the superior court roof last
night and effected a temporary or
ganization of the American Associa
tion of Engineers. C. P. Griffith acted
as temporary chairmai.
AH who attended the meeting were
enthusiastic over the plan to organize
in this district and an organization
committee was appoined to perfect
the district organigation and secure
! the enrollment of all civil, mechanical,
Turning Back the Calendar
Seventeen Years A go Today in Bisbee
The Democrats at the county con
vention last night chose the following
ticket: Sheriff. A. V. Lewis; treas
urer. M. D. Scriber; recorder, Frank
Hare; district attorney, Seth Leaven
worth; probate judge, C. R. Bostwick:
surveyor, George C. Clark: school
superintendent. Chas. Wallace; coun
cil, B. A. Packard; assembly, J. M.
O'Connell, Steve Roemer. James How
ell ; supervisors, J. J. Rowen, Win.
Pritchett.
White, star pitcher for the Bisbee
baseball club, was stabbed in the neck
mining and electrical engineers in th by a woman known as 'Black Fanny
district. The committee appointed in a Brewery Gulch resort last night.
last night is composed of the follow
ing district men": S. L. Ware, Arizona
j Commercial; J. T. Bickle, Inspiration;
l nompson, Arizona ia&iem.
G. Sweeney, Miami Mine; D. G.
It is hoped that before long a dairy Scott. Miami Mine; Tom Scott Miami
. . . I ftnn. T XT' t.TcrAl Ti-nn rark Minn
extension man can be placed in the
field to carry on this important work
STATE ASKS $20,000
MILLION DOLLAR HOTEL
FOR PHOENfX FINANCED.
PHOENIX, Aug. 20. The million
dollar hotel to be erected in Phoenix
on the cast half of the old Central
school block is all financed, accord
ing to a statement by M. T. Grier, one
of the principal promoters of the new
hotel and the man who is to manage
it, made- to Fred Tribolet in Chicago
the otfier day.
Mr. Tribolet returned yesterday to
Phoenix after an extended business
stay in Chicago. While there he met
Mr. Grier and was taken to the offices
of the architects whrt are preparing
the plans for the millfjon dollar hotel
Tor this city. Four or five men are
working on the plans. Mr. Tribolet
stated, and they declare they will be
entirely completed in 60 or 90 days.
' Mr. Grier expects to return to rhoe
nix in about 30 days. In the mean
time the old Central school building
Is being razed to make way for the
hotel, and the. work of excavating 'for
the foundation will go ahead as rapid
ly as possible.
This hotel will be ihe most modern
Mine; W. E. Hogel. Iron Cap Mine,
The first regular meeting or tho
new organization will, be held at the
Old Dominion Library, August 26.
Any engineer in this district, who has
not received an invitation to become
a member of the new organization, is
requested to plr.ee his name with any
of the above committee men.
The woman fell over White's foot as
he was- standing at- the bar, and be
came so enraged that she drew a
stilleto and cut a gash six inches long
in his neck.
Joe Lipnert, the popular and jovial
barber, is at the chair again after a
few days illness.
General Wardwell . returned to
Tombstone this morning. He is better
known as "the political wai horse of
the Huachucas."
Mrs. George Fleming joined her
husband in Bisbee yesterday and will
to look after
fffViqrr Jf-ep. on going up I
Vjpn: wo.it 5 have to Morry how.
' to ihvcStOn'a'protk t itm and a ci
the fellow who used to give wine sup-
to spend ' his ' money ; he'll only, have
cup of coffee.-' 1 ' '
Garb'ii of Hungary killed himself after delivering a speech against
t lie soviet government, thus savinx Bela Kun's troops a round of
ammunition. ' J:. i. "
These revelations about brutal treatment or doughboy prisoners
are goicg to make shoulder bprs unpopular as political platforms.
IN FAMOUS MULE CASE. I pnd up-to-the-minute in the entire
PHOENIX. Au. 20 An answer and southwest. Nothing is to be omitted
counter claim was filed yeslerrtav in! that will make this great hotel more
the superior court by. Attorney Gen ! beautiful or convenient or more at
eral Wiley E. Jones in the famous tractive to tourists.
Tony Johns mule case. The counter i i t ' . j.
claim - asfe' for 20.0t0 'i6?ta,.OQUCLA6:PQUCE OFFICIAL r j
asainot the owner of the animals.' ' ll ' ' . 'VICTIM OF PARALYSIS
ia alleged Hie state wu? damaged tn
that extent by having them in thei,-. Armstrong, night sergeant of police,
custody and by having road work jussed away at seven o'clock last
held up through the inefficiency ofniclit at the family home, coiner of
the mules, horsesand harness. The : Dolores avenue and Thirteenth street,
answer to tho suit admits nil alleta-! following a pai al.vticstroke which he
tlons nisd': by plain' iff in ja apipph" . sustain?'.! Sunday noon. Death came
FORMER POLICEMAN DRAWS
S5Q FINE AND SEVEN MONTHS
TTTrsnv Anir 20 On his confes-! remain in this camp
sion of guilt, John Doe Sessum. for
merly a patrolman, was sentenced to
seven months in the county jail and
to pay a fine of $50 and work it out
at a dollar a day, when he was ar
raigned for sentence yesterday in the
superior court. He was charged with
conspiracy to steal liquor from boot
leggers. Sessum said he had "been intoxicat
ed when he ento -ed into the conspira
cy and did not know what he wns do
ing. He only wished that those who
were responsible for getting him into
trouble would be punished.
"For that we have the public prose
cutor," said the court. Intoxication ROt KalisfvinE, nd the outcries or
is never an excuse for a crime, and , sib..ja wjn disturb consciences all
the fact that you were a policeman, .. . ld ir we had not Intend-
made your offense doubly grave. The rJ (Ioj we shouiti not have raised
leniency wnien is snown ou is ne- se hopo3,
catlSC OI Hie ccnu:um in imi iinn.
It is usually the way In these mat
ters. It is the innocent who suffer the
most."
George's exemplary conducL
joined
Dr. Edmundson has
Eagles. The doctor is
wings rather late in life.
the
iirout ing
General Superintendent Choate of
the E. P. & S. W. was an arrival last
evening, coming from Douglas.
Mining Notes
A large wagon load of supplies wns
sent out to the Modern mine yester
day. There is a great deal or work
being done on this property and new
machinery is being put in. )
Considerable excitement has been
occasioned by the discovery of gold
in the granite foothills and quite a
number of claims have been located.
Friday of last week the new mill of
the Zubiate mine was started up with
everything working finely.
The Zonia mine, which has been
shut dowu for several months, it is
now stated, will open up again on a
scale larger than ever before.
The dredge boat for the Chicago
and Sonora Gold Placer Mining com
pany at Saqui Grande Is now com
pleted and work of installation of the
.machinery has eouum-iiqed.
WHAT OTHER PAPERS SAY
OUTCRIES OF SIBERIA
New York Tribune.
The most populous part of Siberia
races a gloomy future. If it fights the
Bolsheviki it will be overwhelmed. If
it does not it will be robbed and
wrecked. "Death is on the upper road
and Injuns on the lower." It is prob
ably now too late to do anything, even
though action were 'resolved on. But
the, iloctrine of non-responsibility is
f, -ri i. . i I i.nhlir Krvict In his address to
' i mrai nrnnrrani rtf-ws ' - . .. -r
.,vr .... . , ,...,.,i .... I o.lil. Kalli.ni v.M
DOUGLAS, Aug. 20. William W. ' from all parts of the world itlterday. lu dignified and disitionaiK
flashed by telegraph direct to!
r . rr- I. ,i i nant bai
l he axcview s orncc. it is an
ready for you at break fat
time.
SEN. LODGE'S GREAT SERVICE
Nw York Sun.
Senator Iodce performed Mt! great
thH
e strippeti uie vv nson,cove-
bare and exposed its dangers
and its falsities. He reaffirmed sound
Aim'i'icanisui in eloquent iwriods. But
he did something besides thene thiugs.
By his comprehensive survey of tlie
proixised covenant of the league, snd
his pitiless exposition of its funda
mental viciousness. he restored the
perspective of his fellow countrymen.
A CONSISTENT RECORD
New York World.
Lord Salisbury's famous remark
that Great Britain backed the wrong
horse in Ihe Crimea at once suggests
itself in connection with the reports
that Kolchak's army is in bad straits
and that the whole movement threat
ens lo collapse. One thin is to be
said in praise of the allied policy
toward Russia. It has. been consist
ent. No diplomatic mistake that could
have been made has been overlooked
snd no diplomatic blunder has hern
omitted, i From the; beginning of thp
Russian revolution the allies . havf
managed to work' against themselves
witluan effectiveness! that in i.tnuvl
stipevhimiBn, anfl if Kolchak now
proves to be a broken red the record
of well meaning failure will remain
unmartvd.
For job work that Is right Thone 39,
Review. THURSDAY, AUGUST 21, 1919
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
PAGE FIVE I
3
i
X
PRINCIPALS II
TUCSON BOUTS
ALL STOKE UP
Beaten Up in Douglas, Will
Be Unable to Participate On
Old Pueblo Fight Card Friday
Eve; Desmarais Has Bad Eye
SAILORS TURN IK IN STRIKE
DOUGLAS, Aug. 20. The fight re
sults at the Columbia last night came
almost playing hob with the card lo
be run off at Tucson Friday night of
this. week. Two of the principal
fighters for Friday night were m the
ring here last night, and both were
so baly stove up in various . ways
that they will be unable to fight. They
are Frenchy Desmarais and Tony
Ochoa. Neither expected to receive
Injuries that would keep them out of
the ring Friday, but. both did . .
Desmarais was to fight Happy
i Woods', the pride of Tucson, as the
"lflain event on the card, but this
morning the doctors positively for
bade him to enter the ring that soon,
due to the deep cut he received over
the eye in the second round last night
when he collided with Palmer's head.
Five stitches were taken in the wound
this morning, which is covered by a
big bandage. Otherwise Frenchie Is
unmaked from the fight. .
' The Injury to Tony Ochoa's ankle
is proving more serious than was an
ticipated, and it Is feared one of the
bones may be fractured. He is un
able to bear, any weight on it today,
and of course will be unable to fight
Young Hockbories, the clever colored
fighter, Friday night.
Promoter Art Shannon of Tucson
was burning the wires this morning
to all parts of Arizona in an effort to
get men to fill in Friday night. He
finally got Battling Burt of Miami,
formerly of the 17th cavalry at Camp
Jones, to fight Happy Woods. Burt is
a good scrapper, though Desmarais de
feated him when they were both at
Gimp Jones. '
mm
rt-r. or!.
I..
, - . ...
1
I
J. u I
ANOTHER HOTEL
ROOMROBOERIf
Represents Ukrainia
Catarrh Is a Real Enemy and
J
J
I
JJ
Afraid of Palmer
It looked for awhile as though Pal
mer would go to Tucson to fight
Woorf; in place of Desmarais, but
both Shannon and Earl Mohan, mana
ger for Woods, refused to consent.
They claim Palmer is about seven
pounds heavier than Woods, and it is
also said they are afraid to run the
risk of having Woods beaten up so
early in his career, thus breaking
down his morale. He is a compara
w,..,.,,ur.m, Cna. jo Keep me nome tires burning men of the
British navy who had come from mining districts went back to the mines
when British coal diggers walked out Under ground or on the sea, it doesn't
seem to matter to these men of the warship Lion.
While William and Jess McDonald,
brothers, were sleeping in th'iir room
at the Miners' hotel Tuesdav nigh'.
a sneaK mier entered through the
door which they had left open and
robbed them of money and valuable
personal belongings. William, who
had just cashed his pay-check, losr
19 and a gold watch. Jess, who ta
employed at the English kitchen, Ios.
his day's pay..
The robbery resembles very mue.
that at another local hotel the day be
fore. In both cases the victims ilep
with their doors open and in each
case woke to fiad their clothes miss
ing and scattered down the hallways
outside their rooms.
Newsboys are believed responsible
for the acts. iThe police are investigating.
which Ochoa landed on his porboscis
last night.
V Kelly A Live Wire
Ochoa returned to Tucson tonight
along with O. J. Kelly, who brought
him over for the fight. Kelly was in
his corner la3t night and it was large
ly due to his direction that he made
the great showing he d;d. - He kept
ordering the Tucson boy to use his
left, and whenever Ochoa did he got
results.
Kelly is a well known baseball
scout and fight promoter. At present
he is scouting for the Detroit Tigers,
but. after September 1 will get back
into the fight game. He has been
over the slate a good deal of late and
ma'y decide to stay in Arizona this
winter, which the fight fans hope he
will, for he is a live wire and will
bring prestige and ability to the
game in this' state.
At present he is trying to arrange
I a fight between Benny Leonard and
tively new fighter and so far has had j the beat lightweight' in Arizona for
everything his own way. ( the state fair at Phoenir this fall, and
For a ' while 'it was thought that ( he is also behind the movement to
Koob might substitute for Ochoa, but ! have a boxing commission established
lie has been ordered to the hospital, in Arizona. v
for an operation on his nose, which) 1
has been troubling him of late and No iob of nrintine too email, none
the condition of which was not bet
tered any by the straight left jabs
too large. If you want it done right
Phone 39, Review.
Tucson Wedding of
Local Interest To
Take Place Sunday
A wedding of much interest" to Bis
beeites will take place Sunday morn
ing at Tucson, when Alger G. Harper
will be united in marriage to .Miss Lu
cille G. Holmes. The ceremonv will
take place at the home of the bride's
parents, Mr. and Mrs. L. F. Holmes,
of 127 West 17th street, at 11 o'clock.
Harper, who for six years was a
resident of this city, recently received
his discharge from the service after
serving two years in the navy. .He is
employed at the present time as file
clerk of the Arizona Eastern railroad
offices at Tucson. , . ..
Mr. and Mrs. Harper will remain in
Tucson during rhe winter but will re
move to El Paso in the spring, where
Harper will take a position with the
International Oil Refining company of
Orange Basin.
The bride to be is a well known and
popular member of Tucson society
circles. - . - .
Few Cases Beans
All That Remains
of U. S. Car Food
Only a few cases of beans today re
main of Uncle Sam's first food con
signment to Bisbee in the H. C. L.
battle. These will be sold to the first
comers -at central Labor Union head
quarters this morning.
u J. Wilbert also annoimrprl last
night that there were nine orders of
canneu looils waiting to be claimed.
All the rest of the 15.000 cans were
toted home by beaming Bisbeeitos
yesterday and Tuesdav.
The remaining hlrd of th? carload
unclaimed at the close of business
Tuesday was doled out bv Mr. Wil-
bert and Chief Kempton yesterday.
No demurrage charges were made.
Mayor Erickson has not yet re
ceived information as to when the
carload of bacon will arrive.
'f k.
si
:. Y-i.
Requires Vi
When yon nse medicated sprays,
atomizers aud douches for 'your
Catarrh,' you may succeed ia un
stopping the choked-up air pass
ages for the time 'Liing, tut this
annoying condition returns, and
you have to do the same thing
over and over again. "
Catarrh has never yet been
cured by these local applications.
Have you ever experienced any
real beuclit frwiu such treatment?
gorous Treatment
Throw these makeshift remedies
tc the winds, and get on the right
treatment Get a bottle of S. S. S.
today, and commence a treatment
that has been praised by sufferers
for nearly hall a century.
S. S. S. tets right at the source
of Catarrh and gives satisfactory
results. For special medical ad
vice free regarding your own case,
address Medical Director, 51 Swift
Laboratory, Atlaata, Ga.
WASHINGTON. Julian Batchinski,
prominent Ukrainian political writer,
has arrived in Washington to nego
tiate for recognition by the United
Slates of the Ukrainian republic, and
to prepare for development of com
mercial relations between this coun
try and Ukrainia. He was sent to
this country by Gen. Simon Petlura,
leader of .the Ukrainian peasant army
which is fighting the Bolshevik!.
Bootlegging Trial
In Tombstone Today
Deputy 'sheriff Tom Foster, Con
stable Henry H. Bohmfalk, Deputy
Sheriff Mert Gilman, Police Sergeant
Hill Ruff and tars. Lena Wainscott
will leave today for Tombstone to ap
pear as witnesses m the cas against
Paul Kuntz in the superior court on
p bootlegging charge. Kuntz was ar
rested last week at the home of Mrs.
May Joiner in South Bisbee when the
Joiner woman's Hupmobile car and a
cargo of whiskey were confiscated.
The officers were looking for Walten
Kidder, the escaped bootlegger, at the
time and accidentally ran into the car
load of whiskey. The Wainscott
woman, who was in the house at the
time, was held as a witness. The Join-.
r woman's trial has not yet been set.
CAPTURED 71 HUNS.
SAN ANTONIO, Texas, Aug. 20. -Serpt.
W. E. Simpson, Austin, Texas,
who served in the Eighty-second di
vision with Sergeant Alvin C. York,
hero of Tennessee, was presented
with the French war cross at F:
Sam Houston base hospital today for
extraordinary bravery in capturing 71'
prisoners, 50 machine guns and a
number of trench mortars.
BUQKHEPHT
BLACK GUNMETAL, " ; fl Sj
MAHOGANY CALF OR ft i l '
INDIAN TAN CALF '" w' '
.1 , , ni" From toe to heel
the Buckhecht Army Shoe is every inchW
a man's shoe! Worn by men in all walls of life
at all times, in all climes. A shoe built for un usual
comfort and extra service. Get a pair today I
.' At principal iL-alrrs on the Pacific Coast. If
four dealer u not tupp&cd, order direct from
X MaWactwer. BUCKINGHAM & HECHT San FrandscoNy
i
How about those letter Tieads and
envelopes?1 Phone 39, Review.
Send us that next jot of printing
and see what Review Service means
to you. Phone 39, Review.
The Store That Sells for Less
, Thursday Sale of
Women's and Girls' Shoes
$2.69
BEST VALUES EVER OFFERED.
150 pairs Women's and growing Girls' one-strap Slippers, low heels,
in Patent Brown and Kid, nearly all sizes.
This sale should prove the most interesting feature of the day, for
the values unquestionably are the be3t we have ever offered. These
is not a pair in the lot that is not worth far more.
Your Choice Thursday $2.69
Women's Boudoir Slippers $1.39
A broken lot, hence the broken price, in Black and Pink; our ad
vice is shop early as the quantity is not very big.
Thur8day ,. $1.38 pair
ENTRANCE
ON
SUBWAY
STREET
REAR
OF
MAIN
B'JILDIMC
Attention Mothers, Attention
Boys'
Knickerbockers
All Sizes
98c
100 pairs Boys Knickerbockers of good quality
Tweeds in assorted patterns ; all sizes. This is an excep
tionally good value and well worth investigating.
Thursday .98c
EAGLE
THEATRE
1 to 11 TODAY 1 toll
. The Japanese' Star'
Sessue Hayakawa
Playing a Double Role
' -In-.
Bonds of Honor
from Clara Whipple's
; v - Story.. . ,
' Gaumont'A Express
" , . Graphic
-World important events
. Strand Comedv .
Too Many
Sweethearts
IT IS WATER MELON TIME AT THE
Demonstration Gardens
; NEAR COUNTRY CLUB, WARREN
When Driving, Stop by and put one in your car
Freshvine ripened.
CABBAGE young, tender and juicy worth your
trip down. -
DEMONSTRATION GARDENS
j
1
V
Good Oil Is
Cheaper Than Parts
Freedom from unnecessary
repairs and longer life for
your car results from correct
lubrication with Zerolene
Scientifically refined from se
lected California crude oiL
Civet maximum lnbricatiM with lent
carbon depiit. Get Correct Lubri.
Ctio Chart for your car.
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
.(CaEforaia)
J. J. SPARKS, Special Agent, Standard Oil Co., Bisbee, Ariz.
pair
Clean-Up Sale of Men's
Madras Shirts
98c
Worth Far More
Good quality Cream Madras Shirts,
collar attached; sizes 14 , 15,
15 x2, well made, large and roomy;
a regular $1.50 value.
Thursday 98c
Women's Bungalow
Aprons
98c
Made of a good grade Gingham In
assorted patterns, large size and
well made, several different styles.
Thursday only , .38c
Women's and Children's
New Sweaters
Mercerized and Silk Sweaters In
several styles and colors and all
sizes, very lowly priced, $3.75 to
$7.75.
Men's Wash Ties
lOc
In a big variety of pat
terns; a regular 15c value.
Thursday, 10c
Women's and Misses'
mW FALL HA TS
(5
Just out of their boxes, a large assortment of smart moderately priced uprtoj-h.ej-mnte. jj
styles in Women's and Misses''Hats for Fall aud now on display and sale. Before buy in
your new Fall Hats look this assortment over; absolutely the best values in Bisbee.
Misses' Hats, priced frcm$1.75 to $3.95
Women's Hats, priced from $2.75 to $6.95
i" -v
T TALIANS accustomed to the
& best olive oil now prefer
Mazola.
Your grocer sells Mazola at about
half the cost of the best Olive Oil. And
the most suspicious palate accepts Maz
ola as the very finest olive oil in dressings.
Prove thi yourself. Follow your
usual recipefor French Dressing, RJayon
naise or Cooked Mayonnaise.
ttSN PRODUCTS REFIMNG COMPANY
F. O. Bx lit New York
FREE
. s . .
V
' :.S.
i
UA
m r
' I - MkuLMT.trii I rTVr l f S.ISVJ mm
I v salad JmrW a
. I L I aV T m M
A real
cook
book, Siity-eiglt
paes of iplendiJ,
practical redpet.
Write ns today for
tLe new Cora Pro
dacts Cook Book.
S N
Vhrfocs oil yoi
as'ad salad
LZ3,
cooking PAGE SIX
THE BTSBEE .DAILY REVIEW
THURSDAY, AUGUST? 21, 1919
1UE SOX, INDIANS, TIGERS, IN;
GIANTSCOPTWO FROFji CARDINALS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
STANDING OF THE TEAMS
. Clubs Won Lost Pet
Cincinnati 74 34 .683
New York 65
Chicago . 56
Pittsburg 51
Brooklyn 50
Boston 40
St. Louis . 39
Philadelphia S7
38
43
53
56
59
62
61
.631
.538
.490
.472
.404
.3S6
.377
NATIONAL LEAGUE
PIRATES WIN OPENER
BROOKLYN. Aug. 20. Pittsburg
won the first game of the series from
Brooklyn by bunching hits off Grimes
in the first inning, 'singles by South
worth and Barbate. Whitted's double
play and Terry's triple were the main
factors in four runs in that inning. The
score: R. H. E.
Pittsburg 401 000 000 5 8 1
Brooklyn 100 000 0001 11 2
Batteries F. Miller and Schmidt;
Grimes and O. Miller.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
GIANTS COP TWICE
NEW YORK, Aug. 20. New Y'ork
defeated SL Louis in both sections of
a double header. Toney pitched
strongly in the first game, while the
Giants bunched hits and passes and
took advantage of SL Louis', misplays.
May pitched fo rSt. Louis in the sec
ond contest, only four hits being made
off him in seven Innings. His wild
ness proved his undoing as the three
Giants who scored on him were put on
base by being hit or received their
base on balls. Scores:
First game R. H. E.
St. Louis .011 000 000 2 ' 6 3
New York 103 010 OOx 5 6 1
Batteries Doak and Clemons, Ton
ey and McCarty, Gonzales.
Second game R. H. E.
St. Louis 000 000 1001 7 1
New York 100 200 Olx 4 6 2
Batteries May, Tuero and Clemons,
Benton and Snyder.
REDS SLUG WAY TO WIN
BOSTON, Aug. 20. Cincinnati slug
ged its way to a victory over Boston.
Ruether held Boston to six hits.. The
score: R. H. E.
Cincinnati 201 000 20510 14 0
Boston 010 000 002 3 6 .2
Batteries Ruether and Wingo;
Causey, Demaree and Gowdy.
OPEN GATE COSTLY TO PHIL8
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 20. Leaving
the clubhouse gate open probably pre
sented Philadelphia from winning both
games from Chicago. The locals. won
the first and Chicago the second i in
11 innings. In the ninth of the second
game, with Philadelphia two runs
ahead, Merkle doubled and Deal's
drive to left center rolled through the
gate. Williams' return held Deal at
second, but Umpire Klein ruled it a
home run, which tied the score. Chi
cago won in the 11th on three singles
and Deal's double. Scores:
First game R. H. E.
Chicago 000 100 010 2 10 1
Philadelphia 200 230 21x 10 13 0
Batteries Bailey, Newkirk and Kil
lefer, O'Farrell ; Cheney and Adams.
Second game R. H. E.
Chicago 0D0 002 002 02 6 12" 3
Philadelphia 101 Oil 000 015 10 0
Batteries Vaughn, Martin and Kil
lefer; Rixey and Tragesser.
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE
STANDING OF THE TEAMS
Clubs Won Lost Pet.
Vernon ,78 52 .600
Los Angeles 78 53 .595
Salt Lake 68 54 .557
Sacramento 62 61 .504
San Francisco 64 67 .489
Oakland 62 69 .473
Portland 53 72 .424
Seattle 46 79 .368
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE
Salt Lake 9; San Francisco, 3
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 20. Score:
R. H: E.
Salt Lake 9 10 1
San Francisco .3 8 2
Batteries Gould and Spencer; Sea
ton, Smith, Seamloch and Baldwin.
Los Angeles, 2; Sacramento, 1
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 20. Score:
R. II. E.
Sacramento 1 6 I
Lo Angeles rL-- 2 6 0
Batteries Vance, Prough and Cook,
BrOwn and Bassler.
Vernon, 5; Portland, 2
PORTLAND, Aug. 20. Score:
5 - R. H. E.
Vernon : 5 10 0
Portland 2 2 3
Batteries W. Mitchell and Brooks;
Schroeder, Sutherland and Banter.
Oakland, 7; Seattle, 2
OAKLAND, Aug. 20. Score:
R. H. E.
Oakland 7 13 3
Seattle 2 5 2
, Batteries Arlett and Mitze; Schorr
and Lapan.
WESTERN LEAGUE
Sioux City, 12; Omaha, 3.
Wichita 5; Tulsa, 2.
Joplin, 2; Oklahoma City, 1.
St. Joseph, 5; Des Moines, 9.
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION
Milwaukee, 1-2; Toledo, 5-3.
At Aberdene, S. D. Indianapolis, 7,
Minneapolis. 1.
St. Paul, 4-3; Columbus, 12-5. ,
Kannas City, 3; Ioulsville, 2.
. STANDING OF THE TEAMS
Clubs Won Lost Pet
Chicago : 6S 39 .6.1G
Detroit 62 43 .590
Cleveland . 60 .45 .571
St. Ix)Ui3 56 4S .635
New York 53 43 .534
Boston 48 37 .457
Washington 42 , 64 .396
Philadelphia 28 75 .272
AMERICAN LEAGUE
WHEN THE PRINCE CAME IN 1 860
MACKS EASY FOR TIGERS
DETROIT, Aug. 20. Detroit bunch
ed "hits In the first and eighth Inning
today and defeated Philadelphia. But
one visiting player reached second and
he fell victim to a double play. The
score: . R. H. E.
Philadelphia 000 000 000 0 7 0
Detroit 100 000 Olx 2 8 0
Batteries Noyes and McAvoy; Ay
ers and Ainsmith.
WHITE SOX BAT.S ACTIVE
CHICAGO. Aug. 20. Chicago defeat
ed Washington by hitting Erickson of
ten and at opportune times. Cicotte
had only two bad Innings in which the
visitors were abel to bunch hits, one
of which was a fluke homer in the
sixth by Picinlch, which scored a run
ner ahead of him. Score: R. II. E.
Washington 010 002 000 3 9 0
Chicago 003 003 Six 10 13 0
Batteries Erickson and Picinich;
Cicotte and Schalk.
-V . V ."7
mm
The most complete jot printing
plant in Arizona at your service.
Phone 39, Review. j
(UNBURN
Apply VapcRnb
Jl) lightly it soothes
' 2 the tortured skin.
VICR'S VAPOR
'YOUR BODYGUARD" -30?. 60,
mm
0
CAN TUBERCULOSIS
Dr. Glass has posi
tive yroof he ia able
to cure Tuberculosis
by inhalation In any
climated.
For further infor
mation address T.
F. GLASS INHA
LENT. CO, 20 E.
JACKSON BLVD.,
CHICAGO.
(Formerly of Los Angeies,
BE CURED7
Cal.)
r
INDIANS WIN OPENER
CLEVELAND, Aug. 2. Cleveland
took the first game of the series from
Boston. TJlile was effective except In
the second inning, when Boston bunch
ed three hits with two errors and
scored twice. Score: R. H. E.
Boston 020 000 0002 6 2
Cleveland 100 012 lOx 5 10 3
Batteries Jones and Walters; Uhle
and Thomas.
New York at St. Louis, rain.
SOUTHERN ASSOCIATION
Nashville, 2; Atlanta, 8.
Little Rock, 7; Mobile, 6.
Chattanooga, 2; New Orleans, 4.
Memphis, 3; Birmingham, r2.
TOURNEY OPENS
FOBTTENNIS;
LIST! RULES
The Y. M. C. A. tennis tourney be
gan yesterday afternoon with Alonzo
Crittenden competing in two matches.
Crittenden toppled Boles, 6-1, 6-3, but
proved soft for McBride, dropping two
straight sets, the last one at love. The
scores were 6-3, 6-0.
Matches scheduled for today are:
Poppen vs. Chase at 6 p. m., and Pot
ter and Paff vs. McBride and Butler
at 7 o'clock.
Friday the first of th mixed dou-
NEW YORK. Some contrast between this picture of the demonstra tion in honor of Prince Edward or
Wales in 1860 and that which will be made of the reception of the present Prince of Wales upon his arrival lu
New York next month. A high-pow ered motor car instead of the quaint carriage here, shown will be tLe ve
hicle at hi3 disposal and planes, undreamed of in Edward's day, will circle overhead. We all agree that the
uniforms of a military escort of today are nattier than those here pictured. Arrow points to Prince Edward.
Stockmen Attention
Get the Old Reliable
: BLACKLEG OIDS
' (Parke Davis & Co.'s)
SURE Bt ACK LEG PREVENTATIVE
The kind you have used year after year with absolute
satisfaction. Fresh new stock Plenty on hand for
prompt delivery Write, Phone or wire.
50 dose package :.. ....$5.00
By mail prepaid sent C.O.D. if. desired.
Lowell Drug Co.
Phone 222 Lowell, Arizona
bles contests will be staged, with
Lawrenson and Mrs. Weizner meeting
Hall and Miss Core. Lawrenson will
also meet Smith in the singles. Satur
day Hall meets Potter.
The following rules drawn to govern
the tournament's play were announced
yesterday by Director Crittenden:
1. All matches must be played on
schedule time, except if any players
find it impossible to play on schedule
time, befoie such time he must see
or call up by phone his opponent and
partner (if doubles) and arrange with
him (or them) for another time for
playing the match, which must be be
fore the next round of the tourney is
played. Failure to do this will result
in the match being automatically for
feited to the player. or team appear
ing for play.
2. All balls in play'jnust be al
lowed to touch the ground, if not
played, in order to demonstrate if
they fall inside or outside the lines.
They should not be stopped or caught
by a player standing inside the court,
on the assumption that they are going
out.
3. The Y. W. C. A. has given the
use of their court for the tournament
games every evening after 5 p. m., ex
cept Sunday, until the tournament is
finished. " .. :-.:!. ,.
4. It is obvious that since the
players in the tournament "are busy
reople, any departure from these
rules would result in injustice and
loss of time to them, and detract
from the pleasant and beneficial ef
fect that the tournament should have.
Therefore these simple rules will be
strictly carried out and the tourney
completed on schedule time. .
5. The matches shall consist of the
best two out of three sets, except the
finals which shall be decided by the
best three out of five sets.
r
Read the Review every morning.
: EDITOR BIDS JAILOR GOODBYE
. - . '
AW pS. yp:": -I; "
r v A ' ) I I -
!jj""ft
I
V ' ' ' xfi .
i .ii. .. i' - ii i i,
MEMPHIS His Jail term ended. Editor Edward T. Leech, who served
ten days for "contempt of court because he condemned injustice in the
courts is here bidding a pleasant farewell to the jailor, eGorge H. Reeves.
With him goes the typewriter on" which he wrote in his cell the famous
"Jailed column which brought sympathy and comment on his case from
newspapers on every corner of the land.
197 STORES
ARIZONA
Bisbee
Douglas
Flagstaff
Jerome
Mead
Miami
Prescott
Winslow
CALIFORNIA
Bakersfield
Chico
Marysville
Modesto
Napa
Needles
Porterville
San Bernardino
Santa Rosa
COLORADO
Aguilar
Alamosa
Canon City
Colorado Springs
Durango
Fort Morgan
3rand Junction
Las .Animas
Longmont ..
Loveland
Montrose
Sterling
Trinidad .
IDAHO
Coeur d'Alene
Downey
Grace
Hailey
Jerome
Kellogg
Lewiston
Mackay
Malad
Moscow
Preston
Rexburg
Rigby
Sand Point
St. Anthony
Shelley
Shoshone
Wallace
ILLINOIS
Lr. Salle
Moline
IOWA
Burlington
Crestoc
Fort Madison
Marshalltowa
Oelwein
Ottumwa
Shenandoah
Webster City
. KANSAS
Arkansas City
Atchison
Newton
Pittsburg
Salina
MICHIGAN
Alma
Calumet
Escanaba
Ironwood
Ishpemlng
Lapeer
Owosso
Port Huron
(MISSOURI
Moberly
MINNESOTA
Bemidjl -Crookston
Fergus Falls,
Hibbing- v -
Little Falls : '. V
Mankato
Red Wing
St. Cloud
Virginia
MONANA
Anaconda
Great Falls
Kalispell
Missoula
NEBRASKA
Beatrice
David City
Falls City
Grand Island
Hastings
McCook
North Platte -Ord
NEVADA
Ely
Las Vegas
McGill
Toriopah
READY
NEW! FASHIONABLE!
Silk
, FOR FALL AND WINTER 1919 :
Fashion's Favored Styles already received from
our headquarters in New York City.
BUY ROW
While selection. is complete!
A big saving is possible buy
ing from us!
Don't Waft a Minute
Take immediate advantage of
this advance opportunity
Our Extremely
tow Prices
Are easily accounted for when
you consider the stupendous
number of? .. ;
Silk Plush Coats
We Bay for Our 197 Stores
A visit to our store will demonstrate our early
preparedness to save you considerable money on
Newest Style Silk Plush Coats
Also see the new Fall Dresses, Cloth Coats, Waists
and Skirts.
i
OFFICES: New York City, N. Y., St. Louis, Mo., St. Paul, Minn.
197 STORES
NEW MEXICO
Albuquerque ,
East Las Vegas,
Gallup
Raton
Roswell
NORTH DAKOTA
Carrington
Devils Lake
Dickinson
Fargo
Grand Forks
MInot
Valley City
Wahpeton
Wllliston
OHIO
Fostorla
Lima
Mansfield
OKLAHOMA
Ardmore
BlackweH
Enid
Muskogee
Okmulgee
OREGON
Albany
Astoria ,
Athena
Baker City
Bend
Corvallis
Dallas
Enterprise
Eugene
Hood River :
La Grande
Late view .
Marshfleld r
Milton
Oregon City
Pendleton
Roseburg
Salem
The Dalles
PENNSYLVANIA
Bradford
Franklin
311 City
Pittston
SOUTH DAKOTA
Huron
Mitchell
Redfleld
TEXAS
Abilene
Dalhart
Paris
Temple
Wichita Falls
UTAH
American Fork
Bingham Canyon
Bountiful
Eureka
Gunnison
Hebec - City
Helper v
Magna
Marysvale
Midvale
ML Pleasant
Murray
Nephl
Price
Provo
Richfield .
Richmond
Salt Lake City
Spanish Fork 1
Springvills
Tooele
WASHINGTON
Cehtralia
Chehalla
Colfax .
Col villa
DaytQn
Everett ,
Hillyard
Leavenworth
.VTontesano ,
Olympia
Pomeroy
Pullman
Ritiville
Sedro Woolley
Tekoa
Waitsburg
Walla Walla
Wenatchee
WISCONSIN
Chippewa Falls
Rice Lake
Watertown
Wausau
WYOMING
Cokeville
Kemmerer
Laramie
Rawlins
3
n
J THURSDAY, "AUGUST 21, 1919
THE BISBEE DAIEY REVIEW
seveh
i
t
J
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head are it the rate of 1 cent per word for
each insertion, with a minimum charge ot 25 cents. No ads will be
reived later than 7 p. m. for Insertion the next morning and no ads
will be taken over the telephone. 1
For Sale
FOR SALE For a few days only,
choice yellow freestone peaches, 6c
and 8c per pound, iftaken In quan
tities. George H. Cobbe, end of car
line, Tombstone Canyon. 135-8-23
FOR SALE Left in pawn, diamonds,
watches, shotguns, revolvers, at sec
ond hand prices. United Loan and
Jewelry Co., Brewery Gulch.
tf-137-8-21
FOR SALE 6-room house furnished;
modern two I04 sand garage. C.
Booth, Wallace addition. 139-A-28
FOR SALE 8-room house, with
screen porch, bath room; nice large
yard with 22 different fruit trees,
and 1 cabin. For agreement see Rad
Moruisch. on Cochise Row, on the
same property. 143-9-3
FOR SALE A few pieces of very' de
sirable furniture including a gen
uine Russian leather bungalow
couch; 2nd house to right Mason
ave. car stop, Tombstone Canyod;
watch for sign, "household goods fpr
sale." 144-8-22
FOR SALE At bargain,. 160 acres of
land, all fenced, 200 acres in hog
wire fence : three room adobe house
and large corn and milk house, wind
;miU, farm implements; three-horse
' wagon and set Of double harness.
Land located 18 miles from Bisbee
and 12 miles from Douglas on Cen
tral Highway; will accept part in
: cash and the rest in easy payments.
Mrs. E. Herlick, general delivery,
, Douglas, Ariz. 130-A-28
FOR SALE 30 rabbits, thoroughbred
New Zealand reds and Flemish
Giants; will sell at a bargain. In
c quire room 11, Jacob Schmidt build
ing, Brewery Gulch. 114-A-22
FOR SALE Furnished cottage, five
rooms and bath; can be had at once.
Bargain for right party. Phone Red
402. - -115-8-25
FOR SALE 1-room lurnished house,
with lot, Tombstone Canyon, above
Haye house. Price 800; $500 cash,
balance monthly. Amos Shrevc.
117-A-27
FOR SALU 6-rdom house "in Warren,
near car line. Price $2450 cash. Box
695. Warren. . . 120-A-27 -
FOR SALE Naea lunch counter, good
paying business, cheap. Inquire at
premises, Naco,' Arte. 122-A-24
FOR SALE: One of the best rooming
houses in Biebee. ' If Interested d
: dresp S. S., Review. 123-A-27
FOR SALE Relinquishment of- 160
acres of land cheap; house, well, 15
acres fenced and in crop, 3d houao
from car barn, Warren, right hand
aide. 125-A-27
FOR SALE Grocery, confectionery,
etc.; good caen business; fine loca.
tion, $750 cash, or win Jnvoice. F,
B. Smith, Hughes block.
130-A-27
FOR SALE 6-room house with, bath, 6
lots and fruit trees. Apply Griff J.
Williams, Locklin car stop. Tomb
stone canyon. 113-8-21
FOR SALE $20, 4 burner steel range,
coal or wood, good oven and warm
ing closet; hot water connection. M.
P. John, Navajo Trail and Deantru
mo, Warren. 89-8-22
FOR SALE Or will trade for & pas
senger car two lots in Military
Heights, El Paso, Tex.; a bargain if
taken at once. Address box 115, or
see Mrs. Alice Novis, at Spokane
hoarding house. Phone 132.
124-A-22
FOR SALE 150 chickens, one Jersey
cow and crops, 5 acre ranch for
rent at $10 month; plenty of water,
2 miles below Lowell, on Douglas
road. Box 3154, Lowell. 96-A-26
FOR SALE The best buy in the
Warren district, close to Lowell; not
on leased ground, cement block
bouse, 4 rooms, 2 lots, shade and
fruit trees; can be bought for half
of its worth. Box 1582, Bisbee, Ariz.
98-A-26
FOR SALE Scratch pads; just the
thing for enocomy. 52-S 16-tf
FOR SALE CHEAP Willy-Knight 5
passenger car; in Al conditiou. Ap
ply Brophy Carriage and Supply Co.
tf-7-20
FOR SALE 6 column Burroughs add
in? machine; in perfect condition.
Seo Robert Hamilton, with E. A.
Tovrea & Co. 7 17-tf
FOR SALE One threohorje power
boiler, practically new. Bisbee Dye
and Cleaning Works . 15-tf-14
RANCH FOR SALE 160 acres, 20 In
alfalfa. 15 in corn, 10 in cain, rest in
pasture land. 2 artesian wpIU nn
flowing 550 gallons per minute, one
flowing 545 gallons per minute; 15
head of cattle. 8 head of horses, 5
head Duroc Jersey hogs for $16,000
half down, rest on time at 8 per
cent interest. Any one interested
call and see or write J. T. White,
Hereford, Ariz., Box 60. 8-22
IJTOU SALE--Ford touring' car, good
' buy; also Ford light truck. Apply
125 Dubaker Canyon. . 7-21 tf
FOR SALE 3-room house, 3 lots, fur
niture, chicken p-n. f rait trees, well
with good water, $700 ca-sh. Rox
2042. rity. 69-A-24
FOR SALE Kodak lense 5x7-K 6-3
speed. United Loan and Jewelry.
75-A-24
For Rent
FOR RENT (-room modern bouse,
with large sleeniner corch curtained
ana screened; large galvanized iron
garage. Inquire of Andy Strom, W ar
ren, north end car line. 199-8-21
FOR RENT 2-room cottage furnished.
close in, newly papered and painted.
ZUa Opera Dnce. Phone 247.
136-tf-8-21
FOR RENT One
Bakerville; nice
Phone 309.
4-room house in
yard and garden.
141-A-23
FO RRENT A good family 5-room
house. 206B Opera Drive, above Hen
derson lumber yard. 148-8-23
FOR RENT 3-room furnished house.
165 Opera Drive. 146-8-24
FOR RENT 3 nicely furnished house
keeping rooms, $20; lights and
water furnished; close in. Tomb
stone Canyon. Phone Black S66.
119-8-21
FOR RENT 2 nice furnished rooms
for light housekeeping. No. 3 Curve
street, opposite convent. 121-A-21
FOR RENT 2-room house, close in.
Inquire 58, Quality Hill. 128-A-22
FOR RENT 3 or 6-room house, unfur
I nished, Bakerville. Mike Pintek.
1 . , .:. :. , - 129-A-27
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms." 41B
'O. K. street. 132-A-22
FOR RENT One furnished room, pri
vate , entrance, .East junior high
school, 33 Quality Hill.
' ' , 113-8-21.
! FOR RENT 3-room furnished house,
id, including water. Red 771.
110-8-21
FOR RENT OR SALE 7-room house,
partly furnished; gas, lights, water,
gooa location. 116 Jiggerville. '
134S-2G
FOR. RENT J 5-room house and bath,
Mason ave. car stop, Tombstone
Canyon, on car line, yellow house
to the right. Inquire A. G. Ascher,
Adams addition. 88-8-22
FOR RENT Furnished front room on
boulevard. Warren. Write Box, 654,
or call 3d house left side going to
Warren. 92-8-22
FOR RENT 3-room house, 83 Yaung-
vwva iini or Tammany Hall. ,
93-tf-19
FOR RENT 3-room house furnished.
Airs., w inward. Windward addition.
94-8-26
FOR RENT3 large furnished house
keeping rooms with bath. Phone
Green 402. r 106-8-21
FOR RENT Light
rooms. Apply No. 65, Upper Lowell.
105-8-21
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping, newly remodeled. 163
Opera prive. Phone Blue 711.
. ' ; ' 102-8-21
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
housekeeping 'rooms, 14 Jiggerville.
100-A;26
FOR RENT Two rurnisbed rooms for
uavtmug una iwo single rooms lor
men. 71 Brewery Gulch, Ozark
house. - 41-8-23
FOR RENT Nicely furnished house-
-.ctrpmg uytrimenis. ciosc in. Jacob
Schmidt building, Brewery Gulch.
- . . 11-9-14
FOR RENT 2 nice rooms for light
nouseKeeping, $18, light and water
furnished, 16 Tank Hill, third house
from Brophys. 8-21
FOR RENT 2-room partly furnished
apartment. Inquire 64 Robert ave..
Mason ave. tf-8-12
FOR RENT Garage. Apply D. Play
fair, 98 Mason hill. Phone 897. tf
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms; no
hills to climb. Star Rooming house,
opposite City Fark. 8-23
FOR RENT Beautifully new furnish
ed rooms with running water; elec
tric lights, telephone, every con
venience, cool rooms for summer,
close in. La More Hotel, O. K. St,
near depot. tf
FOR RENT Two furnished light
housekeeping rooms. No. 3 Bauer
H11L Aug 30
Misceiianooui
FOR SALE My lease on 24-ac-re farm-ins-
land; all in crop: five artesian
wells, house, barn, fruit, tomatoes
and garden; 40 acres good pasture,
fenced; lease includes team, wagon,
etc.; expires Jan 1; can be had for
term of years, $300. J. L. Davee, St.
David, Ariz. - ' 14.V8-21
THREE FINE HALF GROWN KIT
j tens to give away to any one who
i will give good home; call af tern
noons. E. Y. Cumbach.Wood Can
yon, Bisbee. 151-8-21
FIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKING. AP
ply 38 Oak ave., opposite Ben Frank
1 enberg. Mi9 Lanford and Fitssr
i aid. 101-A26
SIGNl SHOP Phone 610.
' cock, Lowell. , , , .
E. Han-
9-5
WE BUY AUTOS TO. WRECK We
buy rag sacks, cast Iron, rubber,
i m t;.;. hides. r-lts. Call ' Arizona
! Junk mm puny. Phone 446. A-27
BUY A GOSSARD CORSET to look
well and fel well; all corsets fitted
by Ines Warburton. Price $2.50 up.
Next to Arizona Grocery btore.
Tonne 841. 84-8-3
Mining and
8Y REVIEW
STOCKS AND BONDS
NEW YORK, Aug. 20. The more
confident feeling created yesterday by
the speedy settlement of the traction
strike was completely dispelled today
by fresh misgivings regarding current
field and industrial problems. Prices
were firm to strong at the outset, but
eased all around before midday and
weakened before the close on the de
moralization which prevailed in the
foreign exchange market and growing
apprehension as to the outcome of the
Bteel workers' strikt vote. .
Iu connection with the further
slump of exchange in London, Paris
and Rome . which extended to other
continental European countries, it was
rumored that the French government
had entered into active negotiations
with American bankers for a laree
loan to stabilize credits, but no confir
mation was forthcoming.
Authorities scouted the idea of a
Drotracted strike in th& stop trariiv
but their views were not shared
traders, as indicated by United States
Steel a decline to 98, its lowest price
in four months and a droo of 2?i
points. , Reversals in ether standard
stocks ranged from 2 to 5 points, spe
cialties sustaining losses of 5 to al
most 10, the market closing- almost at
lowest levels. Sales 950.000 shares
Liberty bonds were fairlv stead v
Dut tne general list, including foreign
issues, was heavy. Total Bales, par
value, 510,675,000. Old U. S. bonds
were unchanged on can. '
THE GRAIN MARKETS
CHICAGO. Aug. 20. The corn mar.
ket today was irregular and exhibited
a succession of declines and rallies,
closing firm after a speedy working
away rrom late low points. Light of
ferings, a further decline in
exchange rates and the demands of
shorts were contributine factors. The
close was firm, iy8 to lc net lower
on distant months, and c to c net
nigner for September, the only deliv
ery finishing at an advance.
Closing prices for corn were Sep-
temDer $1.84 to $1.84 and Decem
ber $1.43 to $1.43. Oats closed c
lower to YiC higher and nrevisimiR fin
isned to 20c lower.
Sentiment in the corn market was
more mixed than of late and nrii-ra
underwent rapid chanegs. Commission
house buying was evident on the low
point3.
Oats followed the course of com
with a firm undertone mnsf nf tko
time and resistance to selling pressure
in which a domestic cash demand fie-
ured.
Provisions moved eenerallv with
grain, export business was hampered
by the low foreign exchange rafos
The undertone was weak toward the
end of the session, but fluctuations
were in narrow limits.
THE METAL MARKET
NEW YORK, Aug. 20. Lead, firm;
spot $5.755.90; spelter, quiet; spot.
East St. Louis delivery $7.62; bar
silver $1.10. Copper firm; electrolytic
spot 23 c.
THE COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK, Aug. 20. Cotton clos
ed steady at a net decline of 58 to 65
points.
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Experienced bindery girls.
Apply Bisbee Review: 149-tf
WANTED Experienced millinery girl
good wages. Fruitman's Fashion
shop. 153-8-24
WANTED Married woman to work
in Warner dining room. 28-A-17
Wanted
WANTED Clean white rags; bring
them in or telephone Review office.
150-tf
WANTED Late model Ford touring
rear or Ford light truck with top;
must be in good condition; cash
proposition, at 5 Laundry Hill, Bisbee-
140-A-28
WANTED Position as housekeeper
by reliable white woman. Box 1493,
city- 118-A-27
WANTED To buy a Diano: state
terms. D. B. S.. Review. 99-A-21
WANTED To buy 4-room house with
bath, furnished or unfurnished, in
desirable location. Address O. K.,
Review. 103-A-26
WANTED Side car for motorcycle;
state full paiticulars. Box 2136 Bis
bee. 107-8 21
WANTED Nicely furnished house. 3
or four rooms, with bath, now or by
September 1, permanent party. Box
47-A-16-tf
WANTED Clean rags; deliver to the
Review office. Main street. '
8-13-tf
WANTED Bright young man about I
i o if -
xo. io scy on ana gas at our War- i
roil store. Apply to Mr. Traxeil. E.
A. Tovrea & Co. 71-tf-8-17 !
Found
FOt'NU Saturday night, purse con
fining monev: owner identify same
and pay for this air. Phone 819.
108-8-21
LOST. t ,
LOST Aug. 1I from ciPwIndo: hX
' tween Douglas and Forest, soldiers
discharge papers; please return ot
Nathan H. Sims, care Red Cross,
Bisbee. 143-A-23
IjHot Roll of logal paper between
i Bisbee and Warren; finder return
I to I. W. Wallace office' and receive
' reward. 109-8-21
Financial News
LEASED WIRE
. L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Closing Quotations Aug. 20, 1
NEW YORK STOCKS
919
American Can
47
82
123
120
81
71
35.
40
81
101
154
8814
134
33
50
41
87
15
212
71
85
41
45
26
50
110
165
70
85
9
50
133
105
49
20
43 .
T0
81
116
40
93
23;
96
53 I
40 I
American Beet Sugar
American Sugar
American Car .
American Locomotive
American Linseed
Allis
Baltimore and Ohio
Bethlehem Steel
Baldwin Locomotive
Canadian Pacific
Central Leather
Crucible Steel
Caddo
Cerro k
C. F. and I.
Dutch ..;
Erie
General Motors ...
Gbodrich Rubber
Great Notrhern pfd
Great Northern Ore
Maxwell Motors
Missouri Pacific
Marine
Marine pfd
Mexican Petroleum
New York Central .
Northern Pacific
Oklahoma Products
Ohio Gas
Industrial Alcohol
Pan American
Pierce Arrow :
Pierce Oil
Pennsylvania .1
Readinsr '.
Republic Steel.
Rubber
St. Paul ...
Southern Pacific
Southern Railway
Studebaker
Sinclair Oil
Texas Pacific
Texas Oil
246
90
121
38
115
74
30
. 51 .
Tobacco Products
Union Pacific
U. S. Steel
U. S. Steel Dfd
U. S. Food
Willys
Westjnghouse
" NEW YORK rnppi?Rj
Anaconda
65
24
42
22
42
57
35
26
17
42V.
Butte
Chino
Chili .
Green Cananea
Inspiration
Kennecott
Miami
Nevada
Old Dominion .,
Ray Consolidated
23
14
80
Shattuck
Utah Copper
BOSTON COPPFVRS
Adventure
Arc
Arizona Coml ...
. 4
14
43
73
415
16
52
2
9
18
4
7
5
2 '
5
6
4
9
73
25
10
14
60
17
70
34
3
i 1 T'
Allouez
C. and A .
C. and H
Central
Copper Ranee
Daly West ,
Davis Daly
East Butte
Frank
Hancock
Helv
Kee
Kerr
Lake
La Salle
May Old Colony
Mohawk
New Cornelia .
Nip
North Butte
Osceola
Pond Creek
Quincy
Roy
Shannon ,
Seneca
iVERETT TRUE
" ANT W,
UJOULO LlkS"
see eve-reeTT TRue Gst -rtter
eT Of hj ujir-cr
NCUW, f?lGHT TVfPff-
That iim i vtn, -t a kci.i mvk
ASK My Vwipt to T.
10
15
3
. 25
2
Big Ledge
California and Jerome
Con Copper .
Con Arizona
Cresson Gold
Denn, bid
Dundee
Emma ,..
6
1
2
27
1
Gadsden
Gren Monster
4
5
4
Hecla
Howe Sound
Hull Copper
Iron Caps
Magma Copper
Magma Chief ...
Miami :
40
1
40
10
1
2
1
4
43
Porhyry
Ray Here .
Silver King
United Eastern
Verde Extension
Verde Combination
Merritt
Tono Div
. 7-16
22
5
2
10
3
4
6
2
165
10
OILS
Allen
Cosden
Federal Oil
Glen Rock
Island Oil
Okmulgee
Mid West Rfg
Sapulpa
LIBERTY BONDS
Victory 3's .. . ....
Victory 4 's .
3's
.$ 99.66
. 99.62
. 99.74
. 94.10
. 92.76
. 94.20
. .93.02
. 94.80
. 93.20
$1.84
First 4's
Second 4's .. ..... ..'
First 4's .....!
Second 4's. :.
Third 4's
Fourth 4's
GRAIN AND COTTON
September corn
September, oats
October Cotton .
.73
30.23
COLLINS & BRETHERTON, Brokers
OATMAN
Bid
11
3
12
3
t
17
1..53
....4..25.
Ask
r
; Big Jim Con
Gold Ore
Gold Dust
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
Sunnyside :
12
5
7
19
1..55
4..30
20
Ask'
4..2S
.50
Telluride -
! T" t- .
United Eastern
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS
, Bid
4..00
37
75
70
L 37
.2..00
37
1..50
2..50
Gadsden '. '
Green Monster
Dundee
80
75
50
'Jerome Verde"
i Magma. Chief
Wolv Arizona ..
J Verde Combination
2..:
15
42
Kay Copper
Night Hawk
Con Copper Mines
Utah
Ventura
Victory
Wolv : .;
Winona
NEW YORK CURBS
625 6..50
. 40 45
12
Bid Asx
1.60 1.70
1.75 1.90
3.50 4.00
.25
.85 1.00
....... 1.35
1.65
1.30 1.40
6.50 7.50
90
.25 .30
1.60 1.85
.55 .70
.95 1.10
3.50
jNacozari Consolidated
j Feather River
OIL STOCKS
Ranger Burk
Ocean Oil
King 8
Southwestern "Option'
Big 4
i Gladstone
Jaggers Wallace
Ranger Central
El Paso Burkburnett ...
Duke of Dublin
Calumet Oil ..
Silver Cycle
El Paso Ranger ..
Texas Crude
Mucklestone
Thousands of people every
morning start the day right by
including. The Bisbee Daily
Review with their breakfast.
Why not you?
BY CONDO
THC? RGAueRS"
VERY Snufu Jn
1
pur
iKi.rs -r
... . . . . 1 rvcrvc '
, 1
THIS,
CAR.
n 11 I
Business Locals
L. L. Oilman sells tne New Edison.
The Phonograph With a Soul." Adv.
Blonde Gypsy Let me read your
destiny and von phaii hio ioi. t
happiness, prosperity and power!
Room 6, Marx hotel, LowelL S-26
DOCTORS TAKE NOTICE
A representative or the famous
Spence surgical and abdominal sup
ports idr mow and women from New
Haven, Conn., is now ready to help
those in need of such; also the famous
dress corset for ladies. Will find Mrs
Knox at H Superior Hill. Inquire at
Superior House, Lowell. 30-8-21
SPECIAL SALE ON
SCRATCH PADS
Now is your cnancn tn c onm.
.
- o Dwmc 1
those scratch pads that you have been
wanting, a much nee-ed article in
every store and office. Let us supply
you with a quantity of these at a bar
gain price. Call at The Review office
or phone 39. tf
YOUR NEXT SUIT
Our fall samples have arrived. Over
500 nattprns tn rhnnsa Trnm o i
and Bee the latest models.
KOBEY'S, Opposite Postoffice.
8-19
ATTENTION CARPENTERS!
All hardware of everv d
will be sold absolutely at cost price in
order to make room for other line of
goods, which arc on the way. Racket
Jewelry Store. 127-8-9!
AT COST AT COST
I will sell all hardware nt pnef nri
in order to- make
nisbiag good. Racket Jewelry Store.
- , 126-A-21
SPECIAL NOTICE
-Instead ?of .on-Thursday. as nrevlon a.
ly . announced the Brothernnori r-t
American Yeomen will hold a special
meeting Friday evening, August 22, at
8 p. m. ; All members are reouestpd tn
be present. F.' W. TURNER, foreman.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
In the SuDerior Court in thn r.nun.
ty of Cochise, State of Arizona.
Estate Of Finis E. Rralv. HorMsful
Notice is hereby Eiven bv
signed executrix of the estate of Finis
E. Braly. deceased .to the
and all persons having claims against
the said deceased, to exhihlt th rm with
the necessary vouchers within ten (10)
uionuis alter tue rirst publication 01
this notice to the said executrix, at
the Office of H. H. TaHafcm inci,...
of the Peace, Naco, Arizona, the same
Deing ine place for. the transaction or
the business of said pststn in
v ii OtSU
county of Cochise.
NANCY BRALY,
Executrix of the Estate of Finis E
Braly, deceased.
Dated this 22nd day of July. 1919.
July 24-31 Aug 7-14-21
THE PLUMB PLAN.
New York Tribune.
Suppcse the railroads were turned
back to private control and manag
ed by boards of directors elected by
stockholders; then suppose
thesa stockholders could
aaena they pleased and the inter
state - commerce . commission were
compelled to fix rates N that would
realize the money; under these cir
cumstances one may Imagine what
the stockholders would do. And
human nature . being about the
same, whether a mar is a stock
holder or a railroad worker, on!
may imagine what would happen un
der the Plumb plan. It is funda
mental to have public control over
rates, and if there is a lease, to have
the lessees take the risk of the busi
ness. Bnt these things are the exact
things the Plumb plan avoids pro
viding for. So it is Wifficult to as
sess its quality or to predict its con
sequences. .WILL BUY
Subject
10
King Midias
.$18.00
-..$1.60
100 Comanche Co. .
WILL SELL
Subject
100 Bradley
GO Silver Cycle
100 Texas Crude
125 Eastern Oil & Gas
25 Duke Dublin
....$1.25
...$2.50
...$ .95
.80
...$ .90
...$1.15
o uanger Central
10 Gen. Oil :
200 Ranger Burk. .
200 Ocean ;' "
100 Douglas Electra
100 United Chief Oil & Ga
...$75.00
.....$1.50
-..$' 80
....$1.00
....$1.00
Hatfield & Bradford
Brokers
H. F. RICE, Manager
iMaln Street Bisbee
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 59.
Copper Queen Hotel and fagh-aass cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
- ,Pm o',5c lun4lC01 daily. Also $1.25 dinner from
:.u to 7 :0 p. m. Regular Board by the month $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER '
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
COLLINS
'
AND
BRETHERTON
BROKERS
ALL CURB STOCKS
North Tigre Leasing Go,
25 CENTS PER SHARE
JACK BLDG., MAIN 6TREET
PHONE 26 BOX 1129
MADAM J. REA KEYS
CLARIVOYANT AND CRYSTAL I
READER
BORN, NOT MADE
The vrirje man investigates, the fool
never does. To which class do you be
long? So positive am 1 of my power
10 tell the past, present and future,
and exactly what you wish to know
that I wilt make no charge unless you
obtain perfect satisfaction and lind
me superior to all other clarivoyants.
The future can he told. Seek and
you shall find success, harmony,
peace, power and happiness.
l Lowell Waiting Koom. Office Hours
I 1 a-, Jn tor T m- Office Phone iX
Residence Phone 521., . .
DR. PLAYFAIR
Osteopath
28 Mason Hill Mason Hill Car Sto;
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
COAL
WOOD
HAY
GRAIN
Chicken Feed
Phone 121 Office Below
Copper Queen Hotel
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER & STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence Phon. E04
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
OK ST.
Phone 667 Res. Red. 867
JOHN P. STEFFES
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
Reinforced Concrete and Brick
Construction
Roofing, Jobbing CEMENT WORK
H. C. AYRES
Contractor and Builder
If you are planning a
home or building of any
kind, estimates furnished.
NO JOB TOO SMALL
NONE TOO LARGE
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 121
Fire Insurance
Auto Insurance
Real Estate
.Legal Blanks
Office below
Copper Queen Hotel
C. H. HOGAN
'PHONE 121 r PAGE EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
THtTRDAY; A'frGITST 21,"l9I9
Tips of the Town
FROM CANANEA MINE
"William Boyce. superintendent of
the Four C mine at Cananea, wa9 In
Zlisbre on business yesterday.
TO TOMBSTONE
Deputy SlierilT Tom Foster, W. C.
High, Robert McDonald, Alexander
Murray, Walter Walof and Jack Mills
are unions Kotknill stage passengers
for Tombstone this morning.
TO MAKE KENTUCKY HOME
Mr. and Mrs. P. L. Thomas leave
this morning for Louisville, Ky.,
where they intend making their future
home. Thomas has been employed at
the Central pharmacy.
FROM DOUGLAS
Miss Elizabeth Palmer, court re
porter of Douglas, is spending a few
days with Biabee friends.
TO BALTIMORE
O. W. Wolf, of the Citizens bank
will depart this morning on an ex
tended trip to Baltimore, Md.
TO LOS ANGELES
F. J. Delaney was a passenger on
the Golden State limited last night for
Los Angeles.
RECOVERING FROM BURNS
.Warren Wilson, son of Mr. and Mrs.
D;;n Wilson of Cave Creek U recover
ing from severe burns sustained when
a pan of boiling water deluged him.
The accident took place at the Wilson
home Monday.
SPENT DAY IN DOUGLAS
Mike Oregovltch was a Douglas vis
itor yesterday.
LEAVE FOR WASHINGTON
Mr. nnd Mrs. Robert II. Engle left
last night for Fort Worden, Wash.
Mrs. Engle will visit relatives in Los
Angeles and Portland en route.
LEAVES FOR KANSAS CITY
William A. Copeley left yesterday
morning on a business trip to Kansas
City, Mo.
MOVES LAJV OFFICES
Justice of the Peace J. L. Winters
of LowelLwiil move his law offices to
dav into the new Central Theatre
building, on the second floor. He will
conduct court, as in the part, at th
Lowell justice court building. J. D.
B;uer, who has had law offices with
Judge Winters, will move soon to Bis-beo.
NO "Y" MOVIES
There will be no Saturday moving
picture entertainment at the Y. M. C. i
A thU we.lt. Secretary E. A. Fuinam
announced yesterday that he has been j
unable to make satisfactory arrange-j
nicnts to procure films. I
LUNCHEONS POSTPONED
Owing to the fact that so many of
tho hufdne.is men of the community
Jwill be out of the city attending court
I at Douglas during the next two
i months, the Luncheon club has post
poned future luncheons indefinitely.
ON PROSPECTING TRIP
Alonzo Crittenden and II. H. Corps
leave today on an extended prospect
ing trip through the Tatagonia country.
PICNIC SUPPER
The members of the Christian
chu:ch and tluir friends will hold a
picnic supper at Warren park this
evening in compliment to Rev. Samuel
Smi'h of Pittsburg, Kan., who has
SERIOUSLY INJURED BY AUTO
Dave Foster, watchman for the cop-
I -r. n-it.t.n ffimwTiv. received word
1. OIIlI'.ll Ul rjn uuif, ivnii., " u j j y l ,
been filling the church pulpit for the i yesterday from Mrs. Foster, who is
11-YEAR-OLD BOY MISSING
Francisco Cordova, who lives in the
Harris home on Naco road, reported
to D-puty Sheriff Tom Foster yester
dny that hi3 11-year-old son is misfcing
and efforts to find him have been in
v?in. He says the boy was last seen
riclfng a burro', after attending school
on Tuesday.
T.:ir.t several weeks. The party will
go down on the 6 o'clock car. Every
person is asked to bring a lunch.
CONFERENCE FCSTPONED
The joint conference of the Hi Y
cabinets scheduled for tonight has
been postponed indefinitely, it was an
nounced yesterday.
SECRETARY TO LEAVE
Earl V. Thompson, boy's secretary
at the Y. M. C. A., will leave soon for
tho coast on an extended vacation. Mr.
Thompson was formerly a secretary j
at the Los Angeles Y .
now on the const, in:ic joim .m:.n
the 13-year-old son of John McNeil or
this city, had bern inn down pnd seri
ously injured at Venice by an automo
bile." The boy and his father are at
present spending a vacation on the
coast. The car was driven by Thomas
MeCluskey of Los Angeles. One of
the front wheels of the machine pass
ed over the boy's stomach and he sus
tained a number of skin abrasions not
of a serious nature. He was taken to
St. Catherine's hospital at Venice.
FROM FT. HUACHUCA
Mrs. C. E. Booth or rori nuacnuca mamra '" " -' rM
is a guest of Mrs. E. Hickman and Tobin, Fatasonia; C. E. Love Cl
. ,K" n.. r-nfrn- r V Thompson. El Paso; A. K.
AT COPPER QUEEN
Arrivals vesterday at the Corper
Queen hotel included J- B. Coplen,
Globe- W. L. Conger, San Francisco;
Maurice Clerk, Los Angeies; u.
daughter. Marguerite.
FROM CANANEA
Cicero Martin, cattleman of Can
anea, was a visitor in the city yesterday.
FROM HEREFORD
G. J. McCabe of Hereford is visiting
Bisbee friends -
ATTY. BURGES ARRIVES
F. H. Burges of El Paso, pttorney
for the defendants in. the kidnaping
cases, arrived in the city yesterday.
HAS BAD COLD .
City jClerk M, L. Butler is confined
.to his ionie w,ith a bad cold.
RETURNS FROM DOUGLAS
Miss Nora Braifield has returned
from a pleasant visit with friends in
Douglas.
i '
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Miss Helen Lightfot is . lsitin;:
friends in San Francisco.
RETURNS TO TUCSON
nftpr a visit with old friends in Bis
bee. '
IN EL PASO
Thomas A. Co- n cf i!n C. & A.
in El Paso on a business trip.
Butler, El Paso; w. a. mcwuuusn
El Paso; Claybourn Adams. El Paso;
F G Masev, Los Angeles: Frank E.
Wile, Los Angeles; Ed F. Murphy,
San Francisco; J. I. Linde, Los An
geles: F. J. Dockstader, Los Angeles;
J M. Gaines, Tombstone; Fred Heini.
Minneapolis; M. . Hole, Los Angeles;
George W. Hart, Douglas; R. K. Wick
strum. El Paso; M. H. Barton, Doug
las; L. RosensternTucson; F. J. Mar
tin, Cananea.
Judge Norton Acts
As His Own Sleuth
Barney Norton, acting police -judge,
likes a lot of trade in his court.
Tuesday night after things had
hopn nrettv auiet. Judee Norton, who
I was sitting in the firehouse glimpsed
a strange car coming booming aown
! Naco road in a blaze of glory. He
'caught the number -as it zipped past.
I Jack Ryan and liis trusty motor
! cycle was assigned to the job, 8nd at
! T nu-f.ll Tarlr rfln ilnu n Vii nimrrv
Cus Barrego has. returned to Tucson ; About a half hour later Judge Norton
held impromptu court ana assessed n.
"John Doe" motorist $10 bonds till
morning.
John failed to show .up, and the
bends were declared forfeited. Tho
jc'gc gets 'em coming and going.
MI'S LITTLE ! mm
i
J
l w V .
5fH
1.- ; - , , fif -f
!
SRTIST CHRISTY AND THE NEW WIFE
I
v
' II I1' 5i
. 5
NEW YORK This picture of Howard Chandler Christy and his bride,
who was for eight years his model and posed for many of his war posters!
was taken just before they started on their honeymoon. - - '
Alleged Smuggler of
Drugs Is Rearrested
T. H. Moree, released under $1,000
bonds a week ago to answer to the
federal court for consniracy in smug
gling drugs across the border, fell into
the police net again yesteiday.
He was arrested by Sergeant Hill
Ruff on a technical vagrancy charge.
Ruff said that he was satisfied that
Moree was continuing to ply his illicit
drug trade since hfs release. He
claims that the man has no visible
means of support.
Moree was arraignea before Police
Judge Norton late yesterday after
noon and held in $50 bonds for trial
next Monday. The bond was furnished.
Local Roads Soon
ToGet'u;S.'Fuii(ls
- :
Government funds for completing
the second section of highway work
between Forest Ranch and Forfest Sta
tion will soon tie forthcoming, it was
announced last night following the in
spection of the proposed project by J.
W. Moore, government, road engineer
from Phoenix.
His report, to be made to the Den
ver office, will, it is understood, place
a stamp of approval on the sub grade
and the bridges, thus allowing Uncle
Sam's share of the coin to be released.
As soon as this is received work will
be commenced.
J. P. Frazier and J. C. Ryan of the
IS rain
mi8 Fffii
DIVIDEND NO. 1 HAS BEER PAID
ARE YOU GOING TO BE IN ON NO. 2
We own a block of Bradley which we offer at $1.25
per Ehare. This company owns 5530 acres of Oil
Lands. Daily income is $25,000 from present pro-
4
duclion..-. This company owns 1-4 Royalty of Won
der block 74. Dividend accruing to stock which we
sell will also be paid "to you when you purchase.
Phone Your Reservation Act Now
f J w
BISBEE IEG1
TO BE HOSTS
T
L
At a meeting last night at the War
ien District Commercial club of the en
tertainment committee from L. A.
Engle post, American Legion,, it waa
decided to give a grand ball on the
night of Friday, Aug. 29, at Vista
Park in Warren. It is planned to
make this the leading social event of
the season and is the first occasion,
on which the returned soldiers of the
American. Itegion will have officiated
as hosts.
"Bobby" Hale's jazz orchestra will
be engaged to furnish the music. S.
C. Haas is chairman of the entertain
ment committee and W. S. Cooley sec
retary. The other members of the
committee are S. B. Picelich, Tom
Caretto, Webb Hicks and Tom Egan.
The committee on permanent head
quarters of the legion also met last
night and decided to rnt quarters
the Maze building for the home Duii
ing. Offices will be installed where
new members may register and legion
business transacted, and where the
returned service men will be made to
feel at home.
E. Q. Snider Is chairman of the
headquarters committe and W. E.
McKean secretary. ; ' -. v '
state i highway commission, accom
panied Mr. Moore on his tour of in
spection. Yesterday .they looked over
the road at Benson. . ' i. "
Youthful Band of
Artful Dodgers Are
Arrested in Bisbee
A youthful band of Artful Dodgers
of JVIexican persuasion who have, ac
cording to the police, been entering
local residences and helping them
selves to what struck their fancy, was
I. O. O. F.
DANCE
Friday,
August
22mi
8:00 to 11:30
First Cavalry Jazz Band
Warren Park
rounded up yesterday by Constable A.
E. Shepherd.
The youngsters, who gave their
names as Gubwka ' Vesnor, Ricardo
Cota and Pablo Bealobs, are specific
ally charged with robbing the home
of John Clarks, a Dixie Canyon
rancher. They were turned over to
the probation officer after spending
the morning in jail.
A rifle, several revolvers, jewelry
and saws are among the articiej
taken.- Constable Shepherd recovered
some of the property.
Let us bid on that next printing
job with you. We can save you mop
ayi Phone 39, Review.
DAMd
E
TONIGHT
Mrs. Sales' Academy
Instead of Friday on ao
count of Boxing Match
Jazz Music." Spot Dances.
Everybody Welcome
MIDWAY PARK PRODUCE
EXCHANGE
Is in the market for
RANCH PRODUCTS, EGGS, BUT
TER. VEGETABLES. ETC.
Open from 5 A. M. to 11 P. M.
SPECIAL
Watermelons, on Ice. Stop your
auto and take a. cold melon home.
lyric
' CITY PARK
TONIGHT
Everybody Welcome
Music by Bisbee Orchestra
THEATRE
Continuous 1 to 11
Bryant .Washburn
in
roor 1500D I
An Adaption of Mar- 3
gaivt Mayo's Famous
Stage Success
5 GALE HENRY
The Slavey ".
A Two Reel Comedy
PRIZMA
In Nature's Colors
I 'Third Subject V,
- Everywhere
Earn
Kind to the Pocketbook
FIRESTONE Gray Side
wall Tires cost more
than the "bargain" cut-
price tires mat attract tne
'tire shopper.
The all-wool tailored suit
costs more than the shoddy
'hand-me-down," too. ,
"There's a famous phrase
that , tells the whole story
, about Firestone Tire
value., -
Most Miles per Dollar
TIRES
LONDON This flit-about with a three-horsepower motor is London's
newest popular means of transportaM on. It's loss strenuous to drive it than
to drive a motorcycle and cheap to o wn and operate.
rad
H. F. Rice, Mgr
Main St., Bisbee
irora
Phone 301
wnrm In ma m H
Next Time Buy
G
Lr
TIRES
t
Vt- ..- ' V-
- . .
Tim to Ra-tlrt
v ri.kt
A remarkable Product,
.' Every tire worth more
than it costs.
The Over-size Non-Skid
Fabric; The Big Fisk
Cord; The Red Top,
Extra Ply, Heavy Tread;
GOOD LOOKING, GOOD VALUE TIRES
cms
Motor C
8