WEATHER
COPPER PRICE
f
V
. I
t
s
;
i
r"
A
Arizona: Tuesday and Wed
nesday, fair; not much
change In temperature.
VOL. 22 No. 267.
isbee Unites in
One .Year Ago
DREAM OF A
BISBEETODAY WILL GELEBRATE
FIRSTANN1VERSARY OF GERMAN
EMPIRE'S AWAKENING FROM THE
Starting With Parade in the Morning and ending with Mardi
Gras and Dance on Subway Street Day's Festivities
Will be Unequalled in History of Warren
District; Football Game at Bark
in the Morning
One year ago today the German
Empire its armies crushed and
broken, its government overthrown,
and its people menaced by the gaunt
specter of hungei' saw its dream of
world conquest fade into nothingness
while the American doughboy the
. Blsbee doughboy, stood on the
wrecked crest of the Hindenburg
line and gave the Hohenzollerns the
merry ha-ha. That was the first
Armistice Day, celebrated in nearly
every country in the world as per
haps the most momentous date in
the history of mankind.
This is .the first anniversary, and
as Bisbee assembled a year ago to
give fitting tribute to the Allied
arms, so today, under the auspices
of the American Legion, composed
of the boys who made Armistice Day
a fact, will turn out again to com
memorate th end of the war with
all the zest that marked her partici
pation in 1918.
The celebration will begin with a
parade at 9 o'clock in the morning
in which everybody in Bisbee will be
represented in some manner. Head
ing the march will be Dan Angius,
commander of L. A. Engle, Jr., Post
of the Legion, and his aides, Ed.
Hicks, adjutant; E. C. Byers. finance
officer, and E. Q. Snyisr, chaplain.
Following these will be the ranks
of the ex-service men. The former
soldiers will wear their olive drab
uniforms and the sailors will wear
their blue uniforms and white caps.
Then will come the members of the
various fraternal organizations; the
hifh school pupils, the members of
the local Red Cross, the city officials,
Ihe fire department, members of two
football teams, automobiles and pri
vate citizens.
The members of the Legion will
convene at Maze hall at 8:30 o'clock. 'the celebration the greatest the dis
and the other participants in the pro- trict has ever seen, consists of Syd
cession will assemble at the Doyle iney Haas, chairman of entertainment
house in Tombstone canyon. The
nnrartA win thmnirh Riitin-nv
street to the Naco road, and then
Lowrll.
During the day confetti and ser
pentine will be sold in the streets,
and souvenir programs will be dis
tributed free. In Ihe evening there
will be dancing in Subway street,
wilh lights, confetti and all the other
ingredients of a -good time. If, how-
ever, the weather should prove too,
chilly for dancing in the open, the
ball will be held at Maze hall, where
everything will be as free to the
pleasure-seeker an it would be if the
dance were in the street.
Ti.- ,-t .ttr.rtinn fniinwinp the
parade will be the football game in protesting against the retention by
Warren park, beginning at 10:30 a. France of German war prisoners. The
m bo'ween the Leeion football team note declares the situation not only
and the eleven of the Nineteenth in-, dangerous to eGnuanyn h exlst
fantry. The infantrymen have an ex-(ence, but a menace outside the Ger
cllent record during the present man frontiers.
Today
K
1 -
PLACE IN T
football season, the gridiron athletes
of the Bisbee Legion post have been
practicing diligently for weeks, and
a fast, close and exciting contest is
looked for, with grandstand and
bleachers at the park packed to ca
pacity. In the afternoon the attraction will
be a boxing match staged in "Warren
park at 3 o'clock, which promises to
excel even the excellent bouts to
which the fans of tfie Warren dis
trict have been treated of late. The
match will be between Russell Cham
bers and Frank , Loughery, who have
met twice before Bisbee fans and
both of whom have fought whirlwind
draws with Johnnie Celmars of L03
Angeles. The two previous bouts
between Chambers and Loughery
were both remarkable exhibitions.
Chambers being given a close decis
ion in the first bout, while the sec
ond resulted in a draw. The third is
expected to be of a caliber to keep
the fans on their toes from tlie tap of ;
the opening gong until the bell
sounds at the end of the tenth round,
or until one of these two aggressive
millers ends it via the dreamland-
route.- There will also be several
good preliminary matches.
The night of the big Armistice Day
celebration- will be given over to un
alloyed merriment, with street danc
ing, confetti battles, serpentines and
T, Jl V null V ! in 1 mvi ..... xj
candy and cigarets.
The dancing will be on Subway
street. Music for it will be furnished
by the L. A. .En-gle, Jr., post band.
Prof. McRae leading. The band will
also play as a special feature at the:
football game and the boxing
matches. J
The committee in charge, which is I
working hard night and day to make
committee; 1 nomas cgan, cimu.i.au
HE SUN
a-ay!of boxing matches; F. Thomas, chair
, to '.man of football; V. Critchley, deco-
of boxing matches; F. Thomas, cnair
rations; S. Picelich, lights; webD
Hicks, parade; T. Corretto. booths;
H. Carlyle, advertising; Prof. McRae,
music.
All business houses, barber shops
and garages will be closed for the
day in honor of the celebration and
in commemoration of the signing of
the armistice
PRi TEST TO FRANS
BERLIN. Nor. 10 (Havts)--lhe
German government ha addressed to
the supreme council at aPris a note
Full Leased
BISBEE, ARIZONA, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1919.
Nations Celebration of Armistice Day
-5 '
J
President's Armistice Message
-"To My Fellow Countrymen
"A year ago today our enemies laid down their
arms in accordance with an armistice which rendered
them impotent to renew hostilities and gave to the
world an assured opportunity to reconstruct its shat
tered order and to work out in peace a new and juster
set of international relations. The soldiers and people
of the European allies had fought and endured for
more than four years to uphold the barrier of civiliza
tion against the' aggression of armed forces. We our
selves had been in the conflict something more than a
year and a half. With splendid forcefulness of mere
personal concerns wei remodeled our industries and
concentrated our forces, increased our agricultural out
put and assembled a great army, so that at the last
our power was a decisive factor in the victory. We
were able to bring the vast resources, material and
moral, of a great and free people, to the assistance of
our associates in Europe who had suffered and sacri
ficed without limit in the cause for which we fought.
"Out of this victory there arose new possibilities
of political freedom and economic concert. The war
showed us the strength of great nations acting to
gether for high purposes, and the victory of arms fore
tells the enduring conquest which can be made in
peace when nations act justly and in furtherance of
the common interests of men. To us in America, the
reflections of Armistice Day will be filled with solemn
pride in the heroism of those who died in the country's
service, and with gratitude for the victoiry both be
cause of the thing from which it has freed us, and be
cause of the opportunity it has given America to show
her sympathy with peace and justice in the councils
of nations.
(Signed) "WOODROW WILSON.
"The White House. II November,, 1919."
Mexico Never Will
Refund Money Paid
Jenkins' Captors
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10. Mexico
will pay no ransom for foreigners
kidnapped by Mexican bandits. This
position of the Carranza government
was announced in a note from Hil
ario Medina, sub-secretary of stale
for foreign affairs, to the American
charge at Mexico City, in reply to
the recent demand of the state de
partment that Mexico omit no effort
to effect the release of William O.
Jenkins, even though it be necessary
for the Mexican government to pay
the ransom to the bandits.
The text of Medina's note as pub
lished in Mexico City, was received
today in Washington.
"If it should be claimed in this,
or any other case," the note said,
' that the Mexican government I
should pay any sum by way of ran
som, tbe government would be in
the painful necessity of not accept
ing such a demand, declaring cate
gorically lhat it will not pay any
ransom for Mr. Jenkins, event hough
it should be proved legally in the in
vestigation now being carried on by
the authorities of Puebla that the
consul wns compelled to pay any
sum or that he had already made
such payment."
PARIS PRINTBES STRIKE
PARIS, Nov. 10. The linotypers
and typographers of the Paris news
paper today voted 1o go on strike.
Wire Report of The Associated Press
'gt&M&Sf : a
Berger Is Denied
Seat in House By
Vote of 309 to 1
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10. Victor L.
Berger,,, Milwaukee Socialist, was de
nied his seat in the house today by
an overwhelming vote the house hold
ing he was ineligible for .member
ship because of his open opposition
to war.
The vote to unseat Berger was 309
to 1, Representative tVoigt, Republi
can, Wisconsin, being the only mem
ber to support the Wisconsin So
cialist either during the debate or on
the roll call.
After denying the seat to Berger
the house declared that the seat was
vacant, holding that Joseph P. Qar
ney Democrat, who contested Ber
ger's election did not receive a plur
ality in the election last yeari With
out a record vote the house also di
rected Speaker Gillett to notify the
Wisconsin governor of the vacancy
in the state delegation so that a spe
cial election may be called to chose
a new member.
VE8SEL ASKS AID
, MOBILE, Ala., Nov. 10. In answer
to a messaeg from the naval station at
New Orleans to go to the aid of a
vessel in distress in the Gulf, the coast
guard cutter Tallapoosa left here
shortly before noon today. No infor
mation as to the name o tre rewel
wns given. .
1
ALL-OVER II. S.
IEI
to conn
Col. John C. Greenway Will
Represent Local Post; 25,
000 Delegates Attend; to
Discuss Many Vital Topics
Col. John C. Greenway is in
Minneapolis as the representative
of L. A.'' Engle, Jr., Post of Bisbee,
at the national convention of the
American Legion, which opened
yesterday. In a wire yesterday
afternoon to Dan Angius, Engle
Post commander, Col. Greenway
states that .the gathering of the ex
service men from all parts of the
nation on the opening day and
their spirit and enthusiasm indi
cates that the convention will be a
big, vital success.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Nov.- 10.
Twenty-five thousand delegates and
alternates, representing practically
1,000,000 former soldiers, sailors and
marines in every state and territory
of the United States, are in this city
to attend the first national conven
tion of the American Legion, which
opened here today. The convention
will be in session for three days,
concluding November 12. The dele
gates will join with thousands of
visitors and with residents of this
city in a parade and celebration of
Armistice day on Tuesday, Novem
ber 11th.
Officers of the Legion feel that
this convention will be of vital in
terest not only to former service men
and women, but to the country at
large. Delegates confront the task
of defining the policy of the Lejon
with regard to national issues in
which the welfare of the country and
of it3 vterans of the great war are
intermingled. Important questions
to be submitted for decision by the
convention include determination of
the attitude of the Legion toward
the future military policy " of the
United Stales, and vocational educa
tion for war veterans, soldier land
legislation and the future of war risk
insurance.
Suggestion has been made by
Franklin D'Olier, of the state organ
ization section, that in forming its
committees, the convenlion should
appoint one "to determine the exact
limitation,' if any, upon officers and
committee members of national,
state and post organizations with
reference toUheir political activities,
to maintain absolutely the non-political
character of the American
Legion."
Permanent officers of the Legion
are to be elected for the ensuing
year. The location of national head
quarters is to be chosen.
A policy of organization through
state branches and local posts will
be submitted for decision and the
names of post, state and national
offices are to be determined.
FLOAT VESSEL
NORFOLK, Va.. Nov. 10. Wreck
ers today floated the British steamer
Bretanier, which went ashore near
Virginia eBa h thee days ago.
N
I
.1 . u
JDi. V,
it,."
HUGE COOSSES LIGHT CAPITAL
ON EVE OF FIRST AN N I VERSARY
DF DAY WHEN HUN
I
S
Wilson and Cabinet Issue Statements to American People;
Celebrations Will Be Held in Every State in the
Union; Lt. Maynard to Deliver Address
From Airplane High Above Wash
ington, Using Radio Telephone
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10. Presi
dent Wilson, General Pershing and
Secretary Baker today issued state
ments to the American people on the
occasion of the first anniversary of
the signing of the armlsJTce.
The president sai dto Americans
the reflection of Armistice day would
be filled with solemn pride in the he
roism of those who died iu the coun
try's service and with gratitude for
the victory both because of ' the thing
from which it has freed us, and be
cause of the opportunity it nas given
America to show he. rympasny with
peace and justice in the councils of
the nations."
The exercise by the American peo
ple of practical patriotism during the
war. General Pershing said, was an
avowal of their firm adherence to the
principals of free government that
will continue to have great influence
The president said to Americans
out the world.
Secretary Baker said that while
mourning its dead, the nation was
grateful for their achievement and for
that of their living brothers and "tl:al
in the name of both we may hope for
an early accomplishment of the terms
of peace that shall complete their
work upon the battle fields of France."
As darkness fell over the national
capital tonight three nuge illuminated
crosses shone out from Ae high walls
of the War Risk Bureau building,
across Lafayette square from the
White House, and the celebration of
Armistice day, the first anniversary of
the cessation of hostilities in the
world war began. The giant symbols
were formed by light pouring from se
lected windows in the otherwise dark
faceades of the great structure and
of them looking directly down on the
square where official Washington
will join tomorrow in celebrating the
new anniversary.
To the country at large formal mes
sages commemorating the day were
sent out by President Wilso, mom
ber of his cabinet and eGneral Per
shing. Secretary Daniels in a message, re
called "the exaltation or joy" which
swept the world a year ago when the
fighting stopped in France.
"It is for us in America," he said,
"to say whether the supreme sacrifice
of those who died or the equally he
rioic service of those who lived shall
or shall not have been in vain. The
eyes of the world are upon the people
of the United States. The easy way
is to withdraw from the responsibili
ties which we voluntarily assumed the
day the first American fighting man
crossed the sea. That way would make
the treaty of Paris as miserable a doc
The average price of copper
for the week ending Novem
ber 5, was 21.0375 cents.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
"Lest We Forget
TO ALLIED TROOPS
ument as the treaty or Vienna after
the Napoleonic wars."
Secretary Lansing in his nTssage
said the celebiation of ArmTsrrce day
was a "fitting commemoration of the
admission of defeat by th- niilitnnt
power which for over four years iad
devastated Europe."
"As we labor to overcome the arm
ed foe of liberty," he said in part, "so
must we labor to resio-o that v ii.tli
was destroyed by that foe. Until such
restoration is accomplished our task
remains unfinished, our duty is but
partly performed."
Tomorrow, in the presence of cabi
net officers, Generals Pershing and
many other officials, two redwood
tret's will be planted in Lafayette
square to commemorate the day. An
army firing platoon will take part in
the ceremony and later engage iu
mimic warfare, with all the tools thut
trench fighting in France developed.
The services in the square will be
opened with an invocation by lieuten
ant Belvin Maynard, the "flying par
son," who was first to complete thf
flight in the recent transcontinental
race. From his plane high above t'i
city the aviator-preacher will speak
by radio telephone so that those be
low may hesr. '
N'ne states have declared today an
official holiday and all public inMi.u
tions will close to join the cL ora
tions. More Crime Desnite
Drys, Says Speaker
PITTSPURGH, Nov, 10 Highway
robberies, race riots, and murders
"seem to be increasing in spite of
prohibition," said Dr. Henry Van
Dyke, former American minister to
The Netherlands, in an address here
tonight before the World's Christian
Citizenship conference.
"The wogld may be more sober."
he said, "but it certainly is not more
sane. On the contrary, it seems as
if the pressure of the human passion
and impulse has become more in
tense, while the restraint of reason
and conscience has relaxed. What
else could you expect from a world
which does not go to church and
whose chief intellectual influence is
tho moving picture show?"
BIG CORN CROP
TOPEKA, aKn.. Nov. 10. The aKn
sas corn crop this year will amount
to 64.365.000 bushels .according to es
timates released today by Edward '.
Paxton, for the bureau of cr-n cst'
mate, at Topeki. PAGE TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY RE VIEW
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER II, 1919
ifTflERE
I a"Ba
AND THERE IMRIZONA
Bsc
TO PROSECUTE PHOENIX -after llitie will be one delegate 1
LANDLORD PROFITEERS elected from the northern end of the
PHOENIX, Nov. 10. The hiph cost ! county and nne from the southern1
of sleeping has reached such an alii I tnd of the county. Last week the!
tude in "Phoenix that it will be in-! board of supervisors from the county;
eluded in the prosecutions in thelat larc formed two legislative dis-j
high cost, of eating cases, Wiley E.tricts' unJ hereafter each district,
Jones, attorney general, said vester-! have ils owu representative in .
me -lower nuuse 01 me legislature.
The dividing line between the up-,
per and the lower end of the county I
MENTION WOOD
US TIMBER FOR
PRES. CHI!
:li
day following a conference with
Thomas E. Flynn. United States at
torney lor Arizona. Jones said that
they hae just, received copies of
Title 1, food control act amendments,
under which prosecutions will be
made.
Jones has in hand numerous com
plaints by persons visiting the fair
aga'nst what one visitor termed '"the
piratical tiibute exacted by landlords
for beds, when the visitors have com
mitted no offense ether than to dare
to visit their state fair which hap
pens to be situated in Phoenix."
NEW
Women Will Take Active Par
ticipation in the Republican
Campaign; Kentucky Worn
an Elected Committee Head
is through the city of Yuma. Yuma
precincts Nos. 1, 2 and 3 are in the
northern legislative district, and
Yuma precinct No. 4 and Blaisdell
precinct is in the southern legislative
district.
Although the county has been di
vided into two legislative districts It
is si ill possible to have two members
in the lower house of the state legis
lature from the city of Yuma.
VETERANS OF ALL WARS
$13,000 HOSPITAL lu . rnw.,..
SITE IN MESA ASSURED. PHOENIX. Nov. 10. Armistice
" MESA Nov. 10. Another move in day. Novemfcer 11. is to be called
the direction of assuring for Mesa a ' American Legion day in Arizona, ac
new hospital was made last week by cording to a proclamation issued by
those behind the proposed Somhside the governor, and is to have a cele
Conimunity hospital when they se-' oration of its own. The governor
cured an extension on the option for I calls for especial consideration on
the J T. LeSueur home on east Main j that day of the fact that the soldiers
street for another month. That the of the great war have banded ihem
LeSueur property will be the site for "selves together for patriotic pur
Ihe nv institution is practically as- poses, and especially in opposition to
sured and with the opportunity to1 open or covert attacks upon our gov
purchase it at the original price ofiernment, be it in the form of Bol
$13 000 within the next month there I shevism, I. W. W.ism. or what not,
is little doubt that the project will and the preservation of American m
go through. jstitut ions, not only for the safety.
The idea of a community hospital' happiness ant! prosperity .of present.
,fn ho nntdr wasnut nnfU rwav a ' IUluie fctiici.tiiuii.-,.
month or more ago varioi commit
tees were appointed to go ahead with
the matter and those handling the
A parade of veteians of all wars,
scheduled for fair week, has been
postponed till Armistice day and it is
finances have already secured about "" -
half of the necessary funds to Rojn f patriotism.
ahead wi'h the organization and pur
chase Lit the hospital site.
CHICAGO ov lO.Steps toward full
participation of women in the future
affairs of the party and informal
gossip in the corridors mentioning
most prominently the names of Ma
jor General Leonard Wood and Gov
ernor Frank O. Lowden of Illinois as
i presidential possibilities, were the
j outstanding features of today's in
formal of the Republican national
j committee.
The committee elected Mrs. John
C. South, daughter or the late Sena
tor William O. Bradley of Kentucky
and active in women's affairs, head
of the women's division of the paity
created today. There will be v. rep
resentative of the women's division
in every state and in addition na
tional women's council of 100 mem
bers, the personnel to be announced
later. The council will hold frequent
meetings and act in an advisory ca
pacity to the women's division.
Today's action was the result of
recommendations to the women's na
tional executive committee, headed
by Mrs. Medill McCormlck of Illinois,
which was appointed a year ago to
work out a plan for participation of
women in the party's councils. Mrs.
McCormick, first chosen as head of
the "division, could not serve, it was
announced, because of ill health.
Three vice-chairmen were named
LIVEj gram
rangement assures a record attend
ance at Midland City when the pro-
opens Tuesday morning.
GLOBE PHYSICIAN MOVES
TO LOS ANGELES TO
PERMANENT MINE EXHI5IT GLOBE. Nov. 10. Dr. and Mrs
AT PHOENIX IS SOUGHT T. Sturgeon left Sunday morning for
PHOENIX, Nov. 10. So pleased ; Los Angeles where they expect to
m-i minim nipn with the result that make their future home. Dr. Stur-
has been obtained in the collection 1 gec-n will Establish his headquarters an alternative writ of prohibition !
of ores -and minerals on exhibit at j at Los Angeles, where he will be as- rected at the city of Thoenix has
the rizona state fair that a dan is.j socialed with one of the leading Cali-!been made by Judge William Saw
now ailo:t whrobv. with the aid of j fornia surgeons. Dr. and Mrs. Stur-1 tfHe of the federal court, on the ap-
or,,l m:naral'Fmn Mflvp reified in tlii v fni-i I-u oi ouua iMosuei v-uimis,
PHOENIX STREET WORK IS
HELD UP BY U. S. COURT
PHOENIX. Nov. 10. An order for
oi Julia Aiosher
10St j ?.TaUie Mosher and William B. Count,
win, who.
000 building and car ,s
$10,000 to offset the display, .f-be ex
a caretaker, the mines
liuiMin-r m,-v ho Vonf mipn all vear , several years ana tney leave a
lor victors, according to J. ('. Good- of friends who will regret to hear ofv"r ftoe peeking To prevent the city
with C. F. Willis, has beenflheir departure from I he district. Dri'om pacing m iroin oi men piop-
laraely instrumental in making the Sturgeon has been associated with , eny on iuicu suai.
exhibit a success. With a new $40,-'the Old Dominion hospital staff since' Judge Sawtelie has made the writ
valued at. his arrival in this city. reiuiiiauie on i.oeiuuer it aim u
proceedings under Resolution o8U,
j under which the city proposed iiiak-
tha improvements have been
hibil has been pronounced ..by experts GLOBE AND MIAMI READY
:rrwl iiiinina- rnllefrtlons-,; FOR ARMISTICE DAY FETt I inS
all over the world equal fo and .n-t GLOBE, Nov 10 All arrangements j stayed until the return is made in
surpassed by any.ia ihe Vaitwl! for the big Armistice clay celebration i Tucson later in the month.
e complete and the members ot i .
Siutes.
the American Legion promise thej
MOUNTAIN RANGES ARE biggest day in the history of Gila;
WEARING SNOW MANTLES ' county.
TUCSON, Nov. 10. All the ranger The observance of Armistice day.;
were snow clad Sunday morning as 'promises to be an annual event ol'i
the result' of the storm Saturday f great importance and the members j
felt heaviest outside of of the Globe and Miami posts of tho'
BufAness Locals
lAmeiican Legion hope-to
first annual celebration
which was
Tucson.
Around Willcox snow was report
id, in the Catlinaa snow with a freez
ing temperature was reported, while
the mountains to the south and west
escaped in a measure the snow fall.
.'Machines arriving from roads lead
ing into the ranges last night were
marked with snow. One yellow road-
Ster aril. e-Cl v.un iitan iwu iuliim ihiui-s, uui nit; iiicwiii&i o - i
of snow on its running board. jiangcd lor their employes to Wor.t
ELKS, ATTENTION
Officers and members of
Bisbee
1 .Hon C71 M V r V otwI viuitlnir
e the!, X . . . . . ..
. 1ir4 r t.A-a a ta roniiAutarl t r ra h lire
one long to. mi .
be remembered in the annals of thia. tQ jn Armist,ce
The managers of the mines of the S'AS-
district ha .e arranged for a holiday ,. "-s-H-H
the mines ;
Today is i
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
for their employes and
will close down Tuesday.
change day, and an off day at the FOR RENT Completely lurnishtd 3-
have ar- room apartments. Rex Arms Ant.. O.
K. street and block from depot.
Weather prophets wiih local iepu-'tody and lay off Tuesday
tat ions to conserve predicted yester
day that the unseasonable severity of
the weather and the sleet and rain
that fe'.l yesterday in Tucson indi
cated a wet winter, such as was ex-1
perienced in 1915, when It rained
practically all winter.
This a: !
1442-11-12
PRESIDENT VON KLEINSMID
TO ATTEND CHICAGO MEET
Tl'tSON. Nov 10. President K. '
U: Von KlcinSmid of the University
of Arizona left Friday for Chicago.
where he will attend a meeting et' i
the Association of Presidents of Quickest Pain
State Universities. inner memoes
of Ihe faculty of tho I'nivereity of
Arizona v. ho arc at present auenu
N M M Tl fil FP
h la mm w mm
1 TIE i
SORE THROAT.
GOLD ON CHEST, PLEURISY
and Ache Killer on
Earth Neuralgia, Backache
Headache Goes in 5 Minutes
Begy's Mustarine is the original
mustard plaster substitute insure of
good honest, jellow mustara (not
cheap substitute) combined with
.. ,.....! i t 1 l ,i i
jng sessions ot euueauuna. .,. .... The lninnte ou ,.ub on Bepy-S Mus- other pain by manv physicians tc re
the m'.Klle west are Deans u. w . larln( tor any.ain, ache or soreness duec the swelling of gout.
vorwmg anu u. ouuv. you'll know that all the misery and'
REDISTRICT YUMA COUNTY
FOR STATE LEGISLATURE ,
YUMA. 'ov. 10. No moie will !
Yuma county elect two members ofi
the lower house of tho stale Iesi'-ta
tuie from the county at large. Here-
SQUEEZED
TO DEATH
When the body begins to stiffen
and movement becomes painful it.
is usually an indication that tho
kidneys are out of order. Keep
these organs healthy by taking
: G0LD.MEDAL
misery
agony has started to go. It is very
penetrating and won't blister.
Any druggist anywhere will reeom-
After all other remedies have failed
thousands have overcome the mis-cry
caused ly sore, burning feet, corns,
bunions and callouses. Use Mustarine
V
;nenu it; praise u , .guarantee u. nn(or chilblains and frosted feet, but be
will tell vou that a small box Of this!sure irs lVgy-s iu the vt.now box.
wonderful discovery will do the work I
of 50 mustard plasters. !
Tenonitis, bronehius, pleurisy and j
deep-seated coughs go over ni-ht. ;
Rheumatic sufferers Joyfully praise il j
for the way it s-i cdily s!orn tho !
agony and reduces the swoll'en joints.'
One Year of Peace
Store closed all day Tuesday
Armistice Day
as follows: Miss Mary Garrett May,
New York: Mrs. Margaret Hill Mc
Carter, Topeka, Kan.; Mrs. Josephine
Corliss Preston-,. Olympia. . Wash.
The Republican national committee I
in announcing the adoption of the ,
plan for the participation of women i
in party affairs issued a staement '
which erad:
"It is the very earnest purpose of !
the Republican national organization
to do all that can possibly be done
to make certain the full participation
by the Republican women of the
country in the party's affairs.
"The Republican vomer., coming
more and more into the rights of
their full citizenship, are most im
pbrtan, active in the affairs. On the
part of party membership, women as
voters entitled to participate and par
ticipating so far as the present legal
limitations permit, just as other vot
ers. Their activity is not supplemen
tary or secondary at alL -They" are
not to be separated or
STAR DETROIT
MAY
BE SEEN HERE
winter and spring training on the
coast. . ,
Jennings has a soft spot in his
-heart for. Bisbee, froni. which jcity he
secured the famous Indian player, Ed
Scott. It is the plan of French and
Cames to have the Detroit team tour
: the entire state of Arizona, playing!
games in various cities and towns,
either exhibitions among themselves,
tr with local teams.
" Definite word from Jennings in the
matter is expected within a few days.
Sure
Relief
If the plans of O. S. French and
Fred Carnes materialize as expected,
j BIsbce fans may soon have an oppor
tunity to see tiie great Ty Cobb in
action, as well as to give the once
over to all Hughoy Jennings' star
runners-up in the 1910 American
league flag race.
French and Cames, who is a close
personal friend of Manager Jennings
and first baseman Hellmann of the
Tigers, have opened negotiations to
hrfve the Detroit team stop off in
segregated j Bisijee on its way. lo, winter training
Bisbee Scouts Will
Attend State Meet!
6 Dell-ans
Hot water
Sure Relief
FOR INDIGESTION
but . assimilated and amalgamated f grounds near Los Angeles. They de
with Just that full consideration duejclare there is but little doubt that
every working member of the party j ihey viil succeed in their effort, p ro
am! the Republican national commit-! riding Jennings decides to do his
tee is sure that the Republican worn-1
en will come into .the party's activi-;Ir. the solution of the problems fac
ties and will aid, through the party, ing the country."
I As no speaker had been arranged
j for the meeting or fhe Hi-Y club last
nifcht a regular business session was
j held. The meeting convened in the
! Y. M. C. A. grill.
Altef the supper Gerard Downs,
president of the club, called the meet
ing to order and Earl Twomey, sec
retary, passed out application blanks
for membership cards.
James Caretto, president of the
boys' cebinet of the Y. M. C. A., made
an announcement concerning the in
terstit eboys' conference to be held
November 28, 29 and 30, at Phoenix.
He appointed Albert Sutciiffe, Taut
landrum and Aithur Ojeiia as a com
mittee of. three to obtain delegates
for the conference. Earl Thompson,
boys' secretary, will try to get three
autos to carry theTBisbee delegates to
Phoenix. Fifteen delegates are expect
ed to attend from Bisbee.
Brewers and distillers are not the
only one who have been nard hit l y
prohibition. The mineral watr peo
ple are facing oblivion is t.ie result
of the passinp of the highball.
A 15,000.00 Etorr nr you to eeleel
from for that printing Job. Phone 33.
The world's standard remedy for kidny,
liver, bladder and uric acid troublc3.
Famous since 1696. Take regularly an !
keep in good health. In thres bire;. a't
druggi3ts. Guaranteed as raprosonteJ.
Lock (ot tb nirr. Cai t'.tiil c? vrzrr
and accspt aa ioulatin
6
&&&&&
91
THK
7
PRE-ORGANIZATION OFFER OF STOCK IN THE
PARENT COMPANY Also $50 a Day Positions for
Branch Directors
o
DO YOU WANT $100 OF THE GREATEST
MONEY MAKING INDUSTRY IN THE WORLD?
A small investment in the Parent Company now forming to
own-the patents, improvements and processes, and to build, install
and operate many local plants at point of distribution with 51?; of
each offers the greatest safe speculation in America. '
The system provides for a local manager for each plant who
can invest his own money in 49'r working interest, calculated to
return him' approximately $50 per day. Any city of -.10,000 popu
lation will support on of these money-coining industries, thev pro
duct of which will be consumed at home and paid for in cash every
day.
With such splendid profits for the Manager of ' a local plant
can you not imagine the unlimited profits and possibilities for the
stock of the parent or holding company controlling 51J- of a hun
dred or a thousand such plants?
The parent company takes no risk. Its' profits are sure and
large. It simply installs the plants, 'furnishing, the' raw- material,
and receives pay for same, together with the royalty and daily
profits. , : ' ' - . . .
Subscriptions for Pre-Organization Stock in this most wonderful
world-wide Organization of industrial plants are now being received.
Applications" will also be received from reputable men with ten
years residence and business experience in towns of 10,000 oc more.
The man who becomes the local manager must have some cash and
credit, or bank backing,, 'for a few thousand dollars, and must be
willing to actually take a working man's job and stick, to it six
days a week for an income and compensation of approximately $50
per day.
' . .
All applications will be treated as strictly confidential. No in
vestment will be required of the successful applicant until he has
been shown the working3 and the possibilities of the business and
becomes sure from actual tests and practical operation that the
business is all that is claimed as to output, market, and sure profits.
. Applications for stock in the parent company will be received
in amounts of $100 or more, not to exceed $10,000 and must be ac
companied by' check, draft or money order for at least 10' of the
amount subscribed for, every cent of which will be held in trust
and returned on denmnd at any time before the final clo'sing of
the subscription, and due notice will be given of such closing dale.
This- subscription is only conditional and after you receive full
details arid have time to investigate and learn beyond a doubt that
the business is sound, safe, and by far the greatest investment, op
portunity ever opened to the small investor you can then receive
all of your money back by return mail or you can make your, sub
scription permanent by sending in your further remittance.
The first units of this system of local plants wili be placed in
operation in Texas within the next two weeks. We believe it is
sate to say the stock you can reserve at par now will be selling
2 for 1 tire day the first plant is in operation., and we believo it
will jump another hundred points with the completion of each new
plant until the market value will be four or five thousand dollars
per share.
Remember this advertisement is intended only to interest and
cause you lo Investigate. Remember further that you assume no
obligation and no risk by asking for n pre-organizat ion slock reser
vation and, finally Remember you take ho risk as every cent of
your money will be refunded ir you want it.
The details of this busmess are not given in this ad lor sev
eral good reasons, chief of which is time to enable us to place the
first aetual complete working plant in operation in Fort Worth, :o
all investors may see the results before they aciu:illy part with
their money.
In making your Reservation,, make all remittances
Direct to
ABNER DAVIS, Trustee
THE FIRST NATIONAL
- f
Now Being Organized
810-12-14 Throckmorton Street
FORT WORTH, TEXAS
Owing to the magnitude of The First National and because
of the fact that its branches will be located in many states it
becomes necessary to operate as a corporation, and The First Na
tion will, therefore, be incorporated under the laws of Texas.
The stock of The First' National will of course be negotiable and
can be sold or traded in anywhere.
The system under which The First National will operate was
developed and the complete plans worked out by me, due to my
experience in drilling oil wells and building the Abner Davis Re
finery. Therefore,- I feel that the results belong, at least in part,
to my friends and backers in my present organizations.
While The First: National will be a separate company, a large
portion of my- Individual holdings will be turned in to swell the
profits apd- make good for all Abner Davis friends investors, and
backers. Legally,, of course, I do not owe this to them, but morally
I feel it my duty and I want to have everyone profit with me. This
will be purely a voluntary gift. .
At the time I announced the Abner Davis Trustee Plan, thou
sands, of strangers sent me. their money. ..My guarant.ee , was made
good. In every case where a refund was requested,, it was prompt
ly made. At that time I was no! financially responsible so far as
wealth vaS concerned.... But, my word was as good as the promise
of any Bank, Trust Company or individual en earth.
Today I have in my hands and keeping quite a respectable
fortune. I carry quite respectable bank balance, and am conducting a
business, of considerable proportions.
My word is good;
My promises are good;
My reputation as established is worth more than all this money.
I am not only able now financially to redeem any promise I
make,, but my guarantee has substantial value behind it.
Now, when I tell you. this Big Idea is soon lo be yours; the
Big : Melon Cutting is soon to come; and you are t be given a
chance to get in at the right time I know you will not fail to act
with promptness.
THE FIRST NATIONAL is the name that will be used iu
carrying out this Big Idea.
The plan is another Abner Davis Idea and it will circle the
globe, because it has the merit and no power on earth can hold it
back.
If you bewieve in my plans, and in my ability to succeed, wire
.ma at once stv.tir.g the amount I may depend upon receiving from
you. '
My past marked success -has been in bringing into my organi
:;.! ion a large number of enthusiastic supiortcrs who have financed
i;:y plans,' with niodost amounts from each under my Man to Man
Profit-Sharing Plan, .whereby the small investor received exactly
the ame in proportion to Ihe amount invented that the large' Inves
tor receives. . . ,
The Abner. Pais securities are made to keep because they
have merit and stability. Most stocks arc made to sell.
The First National
PRE-ORGANIZATION RESERVATION
Abner Davis, Trustee
The First National,
810-12-14 Throckmorton St..,
Fort Worth, Texas.
1 understand that you are acting as the Pre-Organization Trus
lec. thai Jill money- sen' you is to be held as a Trust Fund, and- not
fv ec-n1 of same is to be used until 1 have fully investigated jour
now proposition. u;ul then finally instruct jnu whether to return my
money or turn same over to the permanent organization.
With Hie above understanding. I am sending you $
to apply as first payment on ? of the Prc-Organlzation
Stock of The First National.
Yours truly.
Name
Date
Fuji Address
In ju.sthe lo the public and the bank., it must be understood
that lite First National Bank of Fort Worth has nothing whatever
to do with The Firm National. (THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW
PAGE THREE
LOCAL1 IN
REALM OF SPO
LOUGHREY AND CHAMBERS WILL
BATTLE FORTHIRD TIME; MEYER
ELEVEN ALL SET f OR
HAS ONLY ONE HAND BUT HE'S
BETTER THAN MOST OF 'EM
IT GAME OF CAREER:
Fl
PLAY 1 8TH IF. TE
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1919.
RT WORLD
THE
KANSAS BOXER LEGIOl
INTS EIGHT FIRS
WILL
TODAY
I N SEMI-FINAL
IN DISTRICT
1
Hi - ' I
TODAY'S CARD
Frank Loughery vs. Russell
Chambers.
Johnnie Meyer vs. Frankie Fow-
ser.
Kid Hartman vs. Kid Burns.
Kid French vs. Kid Hankin.
Jack McDonald, referee.
In a card that has attracted the at
tention of every fight fan in the
Warren district and which -will bring
to Bisbee today pugilistic enthusiasts
from every part of southern Arizona,
ihe American Legion will present
one of the most carefully arranged
program? to be given here in
months. "With two bouts which are
of a main event, quality, and two pre
liminaries in which will appear the
best of new local talent, the Legion's
fight committee promises a series of
pcraps that, like a well known brand
of cigarets, will satisfy.
In the . main event will appear
those two fistic artists who have won
secure places in the approval of
southern Arizona fans, ead who are
hardy, fast-moving and hard-punching
battlers Frank Loughery and
Russell Chambers. Loughery has
built up a solid reputation in the
Warren district because of his game
ness, his knowledge of the sport, and
his' personality. Chambers is the!
Douglas favorite, , who has fought
Loughery on two . other occasions,
and who has had a decision and a
draw with the Philadelphia Bearcat.
Chambers and Loughery, in meet
ings Johnnie Celmars of Los Angeles
here within the last three weeks, put j
up two of the best fights ever staged '
in Bisbee. The Los Angeles scrap
per is clever and experienced, with
a good wallop and defensive tactic?
that are almost invulnerable, but
both Chambers and Lougnery held
him to draws. Chambers met him
last Friday evening, and the battle
was of the caliber that keeps a
crowd on its feet from the first gong
until the decision is awarded. In
this fighf he demonstrated also that
he has a quality which only a hard
fight can bring out gameness and
the manner in which he stood up
under the terrific lacing from Cel
mars, coming back at every oppor
tunity with solid, jarring punches,
won the approval of every one of the
hundreds who witnessed the fight.
Loughery is too well known to
need commendation. He has, in a
superlative degree, a fighter's heart.
He can assimilate punishment as few
fighters in the game today, and he
will carry a battle to his opponent
when other men would be looking for
a soft spot on the canvas. His bout
with Chambers will be a world
beater. The main ' event will go 10
rounds.
In the semi-final. Johnnie Meyer,
Bisbee's favorite will meet Frankie
FOR L
Try Musterole. See How
Quickly It Relieves
You just rub Musterole in briskly, and
usually the pain is gone a delicious,
soothing comfort comes to takeitsplace.
Musterole is a clean, white ointment;
made with oil of mustard. Use it instead
of mustard plaster. Will not blister. .
Many doctors and nurses use Muster
ole and recommend it to their patients.
They will gladly tell you what relief
it gives from sore throat, bronchitis,
croup, stiff neck, asthma, neuralgia,
congestion, pleurisy, rheumatism, lum
bago, pains and aches of the back or
joints, sprains, sore muscles, bruises,
chilblains, frosted feet, colds of the
chest. Always dependable.
30 and 60c jars; hospital size $250.
UMMGO
ill
Jrl
Closed All Day
Today
Armistice Day
J. C PENNEY CO.
Fowser of El Paso in a six-round go.
This fight js looked upon by many
as marking a crisis in the fight game
for Meyer, who will meet in Fowser
the best man with whom he yet has
tangled. His friends, however, are
banking upon his remarkable cool
ness and his hard punch to take the
bacon away from Fowser, who is one
of the best welterweights in the
southwest today. This bout should
be as good as the first.
In the curtain-raiser Kid French
and Kid Hankin, local boys, will step
four rounds, and fans are promised
plenty of action. In the following
bout. Kid Hartman and Kid Burns
will also go four rounds. Both boys
have shown before, and are known
as willing mixers, with good wallops,
who are putting up a better brand of
fisticuffs every time they meet.
Before the bouts and during the
intermissions, the Legion band will
play. The card will open at 3 o'clock
nromctlv. with Jack McDonald, the
El Paso boxing enthusiast, as
referee.
Attention is called to the fact that
all th9 proceeds of the program will
go to the club house fund or me
lnrnl Dost of the American Legion,
plans for which have been under con
sideration for some time. However.
the committee in charge is arranging
today's card with the single thought
of giving the test program that could
be arranged, confident that such a
series of bouts will bring Cochise
fans to the support of the club house
plan without difficulty.
OVER THE STATE
SPORT CIRCUIT
INTEREST IN MYERS-FOWSER
The El Paso Herald has the fol
lowing to say of the Myers-Fowser
Bemi-final on today's Legion boxing
card in this city:
Members of the American Legion
in Bisbee, Ariz., are taking an active
interest in boxing and are arranging
to str.ge an all-star card at the cop
per citv on November 11, which wiljl
bring bome of the best boxers of the
southwest into action in the ring.
Friday afternoon referee Jack Mc
Donald received a telephone call
from Tom Egan, of Bisbee, asking
that he obtain the services of the
best welterweight in the district to
meet a husky boy of that city named
Myer. This boxer has defeated every
man of his class in southern Arizona,
his latest victory being over Scoggy
Muskopf, and the fans are anxious to
see him lined up against a strong,
aggressive mixer who can give as
well as take a punch.
McDonald recommended Frankie
Fowser for the match and a contest
was arranged between the two mitt
slingers. Fowser is able to hold his
own with" any of the welterweights
and is considered an excellent match
for the Bisbee crack. Frank always
keeps in good condition and is anx
ious to re-enter the ring and test out
his left hand, . which was injured
prior, to his meeting with Eddie John
son at Silver City one week ago.
ARMISTICE CARD IN GLOBE
Following is today's Armistice day
celebration boxing card in Globe:
Tommy Carter vs. Jake Stahl, ten
rounds.
Smiling Parker vs. Frankie Mon
roe, eight rounds.
Jimmie Ware vs. Connie Holquln,
six rounds.
Soldier Burt vs. Kid Lewis, six
rounds.
Battling ' Chlco vs. Young Gans.
1
vv
MEKRy CRITP
When a fellow can overcome ?rreat
obstacles and then mount to the
heights he is indeed deserving of trib
ute. Such is the case of Henry Crisp,
the star allround athlete of "Virginia
Polytechnic institute, who right at the
present time Is shining as a halfback
on the varsity football team.
SPORT TIPS OF
Today's Lefion boxing program
marks a turning point in the career
of Johnny Meyer, Bisbee's popular
home product in the ranks of the
welters, who meets Frank Fowser of
El Paso in the semi-final attraction.
Meyer has been "cleaning them ip
as they come" with frequency, regu
larity and thoroughness in the south
ern Arizona field, and Fowser has
been doing the same around El Paso.
A victory over Fowser today will put
Meyer in the head-liner class ,and
entitle him to a main card bout with
Chambers, Loughrey, Celmars or any
other welter of their quality.
All children under fifteen years
will be admitted free to the football
game between the Engle Post grid
iron stars and the Nineteenth in
fantry eleven at Warren Park at
10:30 o'clock this morning.
O. S. French yesterday received a
letter from Harry Price, former Bis
bee baseball captain, to the effect
that the team of Yuma stars, com
prised almost entirely of former Bis
bee players, has disbanded for lack
of support. Pitcher Bert Whaling
and the Indian Player, Ed Scott, who
has been signed to play with the De
troit Tigers next season, have de
parted from Yuma (o Los Angeled.
Price and Outfielder Vasche, who has ;
P
By RAZZ BERRY
. Ohio some state.
It has the Reds, world baseball
champs.
It has the great Ohio State foot
ball eleven.
It has Chick Harley, greatest of
all footballers.
It has Bob Martin, inter-allied
heavy champ who expects to beat
Dempsey.
It has Newt Baker, champ war sec
retary. It has William' Howard Taft,
league of nations champion.
It has Toledo, heavyweight cham
pion city.
. All it lacks in the champ line is
Bill Bryan, grape juice king de luxe.
four rounds.
Bill McMahon of Tucson, referee
of preliminaries.
Benny O'Brien or Nick Capelll,
referee main event.
CAVEMAN AFTER HAPPY WOODS
Francis Gage, manager , oC Cave
man Carlson, of Olobe, wires to the
Sporting Editor of The Daily Star
that the Caveman is greatly desirous
of putting on the gloves In the same
ring with Happy Woods, the local
whirlwind. According to Mister
Gage, it will afford Caveman Carlson
unmeasured pleasure to meet Happy
at any time and at any place at 140
pounds.
Carlson Is the gent who. Friday
night, knocked out Soldier Purt. of
Miami in the third round of their
scheduled ten-round , go- at Globe.
Carlson is reputed around, Globe to
be the original treat-'em-rough hu
. m T to'-.
Crisp, minus the right hand, plays
a wonderful game of football. He also
Is r guard on the basketball team, the
m-nstay of the pitching starr In base
ball and runs on the track team. He
takes part in all other sports at school.
He's one of the best all-round men
Virginia Poly ever had.
LOCAL FIELD
who has signed with Buffalo, are
still in Yuma. The aggregation
played six games in Yuma before dis
bandiug. Local fight impresario-1; and fans
likely opponent for Bob Collins, the
hard hitting heavyweight whose vtwo
tound knockout victory over Ford
last Friday night has placed him in
the limelight. It is said that a "dark
horse" from the local mines is ficing
considered for the match.
Frank Loughrey is looking for a
swift paced, gruelling battle in his
third meeting with ' Russell Cham
bers this afternoon. Loughrey stated
yesterday that he waa impresses by
the way in which Chambers '"stood
the gaff" under the punishing gloves
of Johnny Celmars in Friday night's
bout. "I'm going in there determined
to stop him," says Louglr.-ay, "but it
is going to be a. fast., tough battle."
Bisbee fans are mush interested in
the Danny Kramer-Ralph Lincoln
bout in Tucson this afternoon.
Though Kramer has the reputation
of being one of the best of the little
fellows on the coast, the Bisbee back
ing is practically all for Lincoln. V.
he wins, Bisbee fans are anxious to
see Lincoln perform here again in
some future card.
There is some dispute as to who
holds the horseshoe pitching title,
but an Ohio son is claiming that.
Georgia, North Carolina and Ken
lucky are tied for the moonshine
making honors, but Ohio claims the
belt for the greatest production of
"raisin' Jack," the hcoch imitation, or
near-whisky.
And with all these things to fan
about Ohio is facing a natural gas
famine. Can you beat it?
Indiana still holds the pen and ink
championship.
And New Yorkers still shake the
wickedest limbs.
man Whippet of the squared circle.
He is said to combine both prehis
toric nerve and pep with ultra-modern
science and speed, and lives up
to his ring name of "Caveman."
Tucson Star.
DOUGLAS DEFEATS TUCSON
The football team of the Tucson
high school defeated the team of the
Douglas high school in"- Douglas Sat
urday afternoon by the score of 39
to 0. Weighing about nine peunds
more per man, the Tucson team was
able to crash through the Douglas
line almost at will. The score at the
end of the first half was 20 to 0 in
favor of the Tucsonnns.
Wireless can be traced as far back
as the tome of Alexander the Great,
who used l.irg emirror sto signal the
approach of the enemy at a distance
of 100 miles.
Anxious to show the fight fans of
southern Arizona, and especially of
the Warren district,' what his pro
tege, Jimmie Lanning, lightweight
champion of Kansas, can do in the
squared circle, Clark Duncan, Lan
ning's manager, arrived in Bisbee
yesterday and started out immed
iately to look for a match.
Lanning has been fighting steadi
ly, according to hi:? manager, in all
the middle western states, and has
been making a steady cleanup of all
the lightweights whom he has met. I
He has decisions over such fighters j
as Joe McGowan, Abe Kabakoff,
Aries Fanning, Denny Mathews, Ty-
ler (Tiger) Thomas, Kid Meadows,
.Tack Martin and Charlfe White. His
latter wins have all been by the kayo
route, and he is declared to be a
clever two-fisted fighter, who can they are placing confidence in at least
take a punch and give one. Duncan one quality which they possessess in
is anxious to match him with Chet abounding measures football brains.
N'eff, and is confident that if his man : AH members of the team arc? expe
once shows before a Warren district rienced players, with plenty of speed
audience he will step immediately j an,j power.
into favor. The infantrymen are said to com-
Lanning fought in Scarnmon. Kan., one of tne best teams ln ,nc
his home town, last evening, and is j somhwPSt. They have been practic
ready to come to Arizona whenever ( jnR daily slnce thp oppning of n,e
his manager notifies him. Duncan j ,eason; they know the game thor.
said yesterday that he and Lanning , oughly and they have a reutation for
would like to spend the winter in thfc-WtUnB the line and roun,linff k vilh
somnern pan or me siai-, niuiium
that they can arrange dates steadily.
Photographs of Lanning show him to
be a cleanly built boy, with good
muscles and a fighter's jaw. Dun
can plans to remain here for some
time.
v Bowling Results
The undefeated Y. M. C. A. team
added another to its string last night,
making a total of seven straight victo
ries. The victims in this instance
were the C Q. Supply Department
team, which has been touted as the
bunch that would humble the proud
Harringtonians. But even with Cap
tain present for only the last game of
Xhe match, Johnson's men were easy
for the tournament leaders.
On the other alleys Captain Atkin
son's C. Q. Mine bowlers were badly
off form, with the exception of Gar
nett, who acquired another score ex
ceeding the 200 mark in the first
game, and very nearly reached that
cneted poirt again in the- second.
The Woolworths bowlel more con
sistently and won the match by 12
pins.
The scopes were as follows:
Y. M. C. A. vs. C. Q. SUPPLY DEPT.
Y. M. C. A.
Team 1. 2. ' 3. Total
Harrington 151 151 179 491
Tuell 16S 15? 147 481
Prodonovich .... US 140 131 389
Total 437 444 437 133S
Handicap 69
1407
C. Q. SUPPLY DEPT
Team 1. 2. 3. Total
Johnson 133 1GS 136 439
Brayfield 130 135 127 392
E. Wittig 126 1S1 179 4S6
Total 391 484 442 1317
Absent. Average of previous
scores less 10 per cent.
Woolworth vs. C. Q. Mine
WOOLWORTH
Team 1. 2. 3. Total
Abott 132 120 109 361
Duff 160 157 135. 4S2-
Boehmer ..... 160 15S 155 473
Total
Handicap ....
452 435
399 J2S6
-JVS
1494
C. Q. MINE
Team 1. 2. Total
Atkinson 154 111 123 3RS
P.rown 142 135 155 432
Garnett 207 198 147 552
Total -503 444 425 1372
Nobles Beaten Bv
Bisbee Footballers
Playing their usual snappy, ag-'
gressive pnme, the Bisbee high!
school football eleven downed the
Nognls team in the line city Satur-!
day afternoon bv a score of 53 to 0.
The returning players state that he
Nogales boys fought gamely, but
were outclassed through lack of ex-
: .. . .. . .. . i
nits is tne first season the No
tales hish has hed a football team in
several years. With the revival of
Interest In the gridiron sport there, .
the Pishee players say Nopnles hns
the material to develop an eleven in
a vfwr or so which will give any hfch
school team in the stsjte a close
match.
Next Saturday Manneer Brownlee ,
will take his team to Tucson, where '
What is looked upon as perhaps the
best foatball game to be played in this
district during the prestnt season will
be staged at Warren park at 10 o'clock
this morning, when the newly organ- j
izod team of the American Legion will
meet th egridironers of the 19ih in-
try, Douglas. During the game the
Legion band, under the direction of
Bandmaster McRae, will furnish the
'alP-sl ol 2a7Z Uf,'c 10r crowd,
Tm local team has been organized
for on'' a few weeks, but it includes j
some of the best talent in the state,;
and .the players are confident that j
they are going to send the Douglas j
delegation home with the short end of
the score. They have been practicing j
regularly since their organization and J
precision, neatness and dispatch, vie
army team is bringing JO men wnh it,
together with a large delegation of sol
diers and Douglas fans.
A feature of the game will be the
the Bisbee boys are expecting the
hardest game of the season. The
Old Pueblo players trimmed the
Douglas eleven in decisive fashion
last Saturday, and are now playing
at the top of their form.
The season for the Bisbee boys
will close with the annual classic
here on Thanksgiving Day between
Bisbee and Douglas.
LEONARD WINS
JERSEY CITY. N. J.. Nov. 10.
Conceding almost ten pounds, Benny
Leonard, world's lightweight boxing
champion, easily defeated Soldier
Bartfield of Brooklyn in an eight
round contest at the Fourth regiment
armory here tonight.
No job of printing too email, none
too large. If you want it done right
Phone 39. Review.
All
Card
TWO MAIN
Frank Loughrey, Bisbee
vs.
Russeil Chambers
OF DOUGLAS
Johnnie Meyers
PRIDE OF BISBEE
VS.
Frankie Fowser
OF EL PASO
GOOD PRELIMINARIES
WARREN BASE BALL PARK
3 P. M. TUESDAY
Armistice Day, November 11
1 Under Auspices of American Legion
RINGSIDE, $2.50 GRANDSTAND, $1.50
GENERAL ADMISSION, $1.00
fact that all children under 16 years
will be admitted free.
The local lineup with substitutes,
will be as follows:
' William Wilson, Kansas '-'tate Nor
mal school, center.
Coach Lauerenson of the Bisbee
High school, quarterback.
Frank Voight, guard.
N. R. Fleming, University of Cin
cinnati, quarterback. '
Byron Thomas, Bisbee High school
Star.
E. N. Olson. UnvrsKy o Minne
sota, halfback.
C. J.v Morris, Missouri State Nor
mal, halfback.
Ray Benton, Bisbee, back field star.
William Monohan, star of the old
C. and A. Team.
William McPherson, University of
Arizona, right tackle.
H. Cochran, captain.
The team of the 19th infantry will :
include the following:
Trimbly, left end; Cearnart, lo.'t j
tacklp; White, left gu.".rd; Flynn, c-n-ter;
Hocking, right guard; Clouther.
right tackle; Harrell, right end; bur
rhelll left halfback; Burger, right
halfback; Ewen, fullbaes. and Abbott,
quarterback.
The Legion team, according to an
announcement made last evening by
Frank E. Thomas, manager will play
the first team of the University of
Arizona on Saturday, when another
top-notch game is looked for.
ROBUST CHILDREN
A child should not look pale,
ihin or worn. Such condition
Jenctss malnutrition. To
keep up grevrfh and robust
ness a child needs c plenitude
of fcod rich in vitamins.
SCOTT'S
EMULSION
abundant in growth-promotins
properties, is an ideal supple
mental food that could well be
a part ci the diet of every v i
growing child.
:i i i ti v
on Scott's Emulsion. ) j
Scott & Bowoe, UloumftclJ, N. J. 1-13
Star
EVENTS PAGE FOUR
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1919
"S'LUTE YOUR DADDY!"
Bouillabaisse
B. P. GUILD, General Manager
By F. F. M.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
SUBSCRIPTION RATES PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per Month $...80
Six Months , 4.25
Twelve Months 9.00
Sunday (Weekly) Per Year : 2.50
Statements to Review subscribers are rendered on or about the
first of every month. If you receive The Review through a City
Carrier, he will bring your statement to you for collection. Make
all checks payable to The Bisbee Daily Review. Those desiring
subscriptions for more than one month may secure them by advis
ing The Review office.
A THOUGHT FOR THE DAY
"He who should ttach men to die, would at the same time teach
them to live." Montaigne..
THE ANNIVERSARY OF OUR TRIUMPH
TODAY Bisbee and the entire nation are to commemorate some
thing more than the triumph- of the American and allied arms
over the insane Prussian dream of world conquest, armistice
Day, the lirsi anniversary of ihe day upon which "William Hohen
zollern, now living in miserable, unhonored exile, and his Prussian
war lords struck their colors is to be appropriately celebrated
throughout America and the allied nations with festivities of rejoic
ing over the deliverance of the world and iis unborn generations
from submission to the Hun hordes. This is the particular signifi
cance of the day, but back of its particular significance there is a
geneial significance, lying in the eternal principle of, the inevitable
ultimate triumph ot right over wrong, whenever and wherever these
two conflicting forces elfish. y"
That tight is an eternal, immutable, unconquerable force, over
human destiny, it heeds but a glance backward at the pages of human
history to affirm. From Magna Charta through the Declaration of
Independence to the peace table at Versailles, nothing which man ha.i
won in the cause of right has ever by him been subsequently lost.
Humanity always holds what it wins and continually adds to what
it holds. The progress of truth and right is always cumulative. It is
the immutable law of life that there shall be no going back.
Thus Armistice Day marks the latest and greatest triumph ot
right over the evil forces of autocracy and oppression forces cen
turies ago necessary for the integration and cohesion of primitive
societies, but forces which man in his new-found might of intellect
ual and ethical culture, has been gradually shaking off during the
last few centuries. German "Kultute," with its subjugation of the
individual to the state, was born and bred hundreds of years too late.
The special significance of Armistice Day is that it represents
net the victory of a single people in a struggle for freedom, as in the
case of Magna Charta and the American Revolution, but the triumph
of an eulire world against the one remaining great power of evil
which sought to wrest from that world all of independence and hap
piness it had laboriously won throughout the ages, and bring that
world back to its dark days of subjugation and misery.
The cause of right and wrong was thus at last put upon a world
basis in the war just over, and right triumphed. Armistice Day thus
commemorates not Ihe winning of the right of the individuals of one
nation to lire, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, but the right of
all individuals on the habitable globe to these things Mankind the
world over has definitely put-iUelf on record as dedicated to a world
set free from the forces of autocracy, and. pessimists and war-fatalists
notwithstanding, it is no sanguine conjecture to say that never
again will an evil nightmare suck as the Prussian blood bath of "will
to power" be let loose upon civilization.
Democracy, winning its way among individual nations, now here,
.now there, has at last locked horns with autocracy on a world wide
scale, and the defeat of autociacy has been complete and world-wide.
The forces of autocracy, everywhere in human affairs, are definitely
and finally routed.
This is the great truth underlying that Armistice Day anniver
sary which Bisbee wiil celebrate today. This is wny the ex-service
men of L. A Engle, Jr., Posi of the American. Legion, who bore, with
their comrades, th3 brunt of the cost of the final overthrow of auto
cracy, have prepared for the citizens of Bisbee and the Warren Dis
trict a piogram cf festivities of which joy and merriment are the
dominant note throughout. This is why it behooves every citizen ot
thy district to enter into whole-hearted participation in ey-nry feature
of today's celebration, in a spirit of rejoicing over the achievement
of woi'd democracy.
LAST OPPORTUNITY TODAY
WITH BISEEE'S QUOTA still unreached, today marks tie last
oay of the Third Red Cross Roll Ck'.I ine last opportunity lor
the citizens of . the Warren District to contribute their bit
toward making possible the great post-war work which the
Red, Cross has undertaken. Ihe glamour j-.iiu dramatic appeal of
actual war has gone. The usual heritage of tne maimed and the
crippled which war brings. Is left. The true test of patriotism comes
now ,
Without me continued support of the citizens who so loyally
suppoited it during the war, the Red Cross can not luing its post
war work to successful consummation. This work consists in caring
for the sick and the maimed heroes which tne war has made. It is a
work as ncble and as necessary as any undertaken !y the Red Cross
on the battlefield.
The Rtd Cross in its present campaign, isks for 20,000,000 mem
bers as "a vote of confidence for the mandate to carry on." That
the American people have that confidence in the Red Cross, and are
willing to support the Red Cross to the fullest limits of their pocket
books, -was twice demonstrated during the war. ,
True patriotism is that which "carries on" without the emotional
stimulus of martial music, cheering multitudes, waving flags and
deeds of heroism amid the red carnage of war. This is the kind ot
patriotism which the people of the Warren District are called upon
to display on this, the last day of the Third Red Cross Roll Call.
And the people of the Warren District will not fail. The men ot
L. A. Ehgle. Jr., Post of the American Legion, who have the local
drive in charge, will have Red Cross workers busy today among the
Armistice Day crowds. Let the people of the district doubly cele
brate the day by putting the Red Cross drive over with a margin
exceeding all previous drives in the district.
AN OBJECT LESSON
HUW 15UL.S1UUV ISM in mausiry reany worns is toiu v. an
Ackerman in his book, "Trailing the Bolshevik!." The story,
which does not admit of reasonable dr.ubt, since we have ob
served so many similar happenings as the result of the upheaval
in Russia, is as follows:
"I recall meeting the manager of a gold mine near Ekaterinburg,
an American who had lived at the mine nine years, representing the
foreigners who had bought and developed it. When the Bolshevik!
controlled the local soviet, they decreed him out of office and de
creed the mine the property of the miners. They were suddenly the
owners of the gold mine. Their dreams were realized. Thoy were
no longer, laborers ; they were owners!
: "One might have thought, that workers suddenly made joint own
ers of a rich mine would have organized and developed it; hut they
didn't. Tho mine was their property. That satisfied them; but the
machinery was made in France, and was. therefore, a symbol of
capitalism, so they destroyed all the machines machines which had
been manufactured and brought to these shafts at an expense ol
1.40O.H00 francs. Then they began working the mines in the most
primitive fashion until the labor became too difficult, and one after
another the turners drifted ady"
We take as much pleasure in printing this as we did in reading it, with
the added gratification that by so doing we do not have to write a "pome"
curselves. We aie indebted to Jack Lait, of the Chicago Tribune, foi the
ebullition. Editor's Note.
I RETURN OF HI
I From his grave snuck Hiawatha, and he took one eaele evetul
Lamped the headline on the front pag.i of a daily A. M. paper;
"Heap big scream," he sneered in Choctaw. "Heap big saps, these whi
wished morons.''
ite
Turning Back the Calendar
Seventeen Years Ag o Today Jn Bisbee
(From the Bisbee Daily Review of Tuesday, November 11, 1919)
The common council was called to
order by Mayor Muirhead with Alder
men Kindred, Scott, Taylor, Warner
and tEwen present. Attorney Miller
as a committee on drafting an ordi
nance for sewer system, reports that i
hhe proposed ordinance is wholly: a
scheme for speculation on the paart of j
several attorneys, therefore, the fran
chisa has no true merit and the com
mittee is therefore relieved of further
duty in the matter.
place of the committee they may be
assuied of a hearty and cordial recep
tion. This is the sub-commttee of the
United States senate whicn is coming
this week to inevstigate the cJa?ms of
Arizonr and New Mexico for state
hood. .
B. F. Graham and company have
opened an office in the Copper Queen
hotel and will engage in the brokerage
business.
It was moved at last night's council j
meeting by Alderman Taylor, second
ed by Alderman Warner, that a com
mittee be appointed to see about
geUing better fire protection ror the
citv of Bisbee. to see about Imildiner
reservoirs, extending the pipe lines I
and ascertaining the cost of same.
An enterprising young 'man' yester
picked up a $100 check a few days ago'
indorsed and cashed it, went into the
Orient saloon, won about three hun
dred dollars on the money, went back
and redeemed tho cheek and flew
hack into the arms of his oest girl in
lexas
Mr. C. P. Hart, formerly of th.? firm
of Hart & Graf, accompanied b;' h's
f-milv, left for Tucson this mo-i-ing,
from there Mr. Hart will go to con
gress to look up his mining claims
and Mrs. Hart and baby will vi-jir. her
paretns at Phoenix.
SMILE WITH US
GOOD REASON WHY
' That newly rich family near us are
not a bit refined."
"How could you expect them lo be
when they -made their money in crude
oil?" San Francisco Chronicle.
IT WAS AWFUL
"Waiter," he called, sniffing the air
suspiciously, "never niiad my order
now. I can't tat when there's a smell
of fresh paint around."
"If you'll just .wait a few minutes,
sir," replied the waiter, "those ladies
will be going." Mess Kit. '
As he read his glee waxed wilder as he read of strikes and vetoes;
Read cf peace with giu aid bntbs knu--ks during "wartime" prohibition;
Read of high school leagues of nations which should mind their own
sweet business.
Then he laughed like rippling water as he stroked his auburn tummy.
And he giggled like a Vassar soph at science recitation,
Till the tears streamed down his cheekbones and he' chortled and he
whinnied.
"Just to think." he choked in Choctaw, "that those pale complected
stickers
Who still think they are great traders, who still kid themselves they
skun us,
j Gave a whole, good quart of 'liquor Tor this lime they call a country."
. PEPY'S DIARY IN BISBEE
N'.iv. 10. Up late, finding the cool weather an incentive to lif long under
the covers, and. when 1 did arise, I found a kettle of hot water in which to
perfc-m my morning ablutions, which started the day well, although I shiver
lor the morrow, when my wife may not be so good hearted. On Sundav, I to
j church, where there was a good 'sermon and steam heat, which made me
think that there is much good in leiigion if it is conducted properly. Then
I and the telegraph editor climbed to the top of a high hill, where we looked
at the smoke of the smelters at Douglas and thanked all the gods of the cities
thai we do not live (here. Ana I wore out a pair of gloves cominir down the
cliffs, which got me lecture when I went home, so I left and played billiards.
ana back to a cold supper. Did hear Frank Ford tell of his defeat on Friday
nigtit, and it was very humorous, so that I thought that I might write it
down, but I forebore with Ihe thought that it might not be so funny to him
and that I wouid have occasion to make the same remarks as he after he
finished witii n.e Did hear this day of two good-looking young women who
nave cpenea a cigar store, so 1 .lurried there, wncre there was but ore, and
I bought some cigarets and tried to make myself agreeable, but she was so
business-like that I left in some hurry, although I believe that I kept my
dignity, dodging a gum-jar without losing my hat. Much talk about the
Armistice Day oelebration, and especially ot the fight, which promises to be
worth going to see and TJar. Angius and Mr. Haas arc very busy, but Haas
had time to talk, which gave me a story for the paper. Chief Kempton back
from Tucson, and he looks a little fatter, which I think must come from the
restaurants they have there, being too polite to make any other deduction.
Much concerned today over an advertisement of knee warmers for women,
which I saw in an eastern paper, and which I do not think will have much
sale in Bisbee, as they would be seen too easily here. To the office after a
good dinner, for which I praised my wife, which pleased her but did not get
me any spending money, but tomorrow u pay day, and 1 think I have a plan
to hold out a dollar. The telegraph editor went to 5 o'clock tea at the Y. W.
Sunday, having practiced holding a cup with his little finger extended in the
general direction of Tombstone, and he came '.back today with some fudge,
but nothing on h!s hip, which lowered farther still my opinion of teas.
SUGGESTIVE
The minister who made the follow
ing announcement seems to have been
prepared lor untoward results from
his preaching.
"There are some flowers here," he
said, "for those who are sick at the
close of this service." Youth's Companion.
Hon. M. A. Smiili, delegate to con
gress .has been informed by the U. S.
Department of Agriculture that the
cislribution of -seeds will be begin
abotu the first of November.
Manager Charles Rouzer of the
Copper Queen hotel, is a personal
triend of Senator Albert 'Beveridge of
Jndiat a, having lived in th esame town
with him for years. In the event of a
visit of the senate committee, which
Mr. Beveridge heads, to Bisbee, Mr.
Router will be a valuable member of
the reception committee.
CHILDLIKE AND BLAND
"They don't want me back in the
United States as ambassador."
"Queer, ain't it?"
"Yes, all I did was to blow up a
few bridges and .canals." Louisville
Courer-oJurnal.
IN TRIBUTE
Judge Anderson, my jo, John,
Otr thanks to you again.
Who fought the labor moron
Thit tried to wreck the train -Who
kicked the Red with well-shod toe
And made John Leis eat cold crow!
Which brings the thought that nature always provides. When the
United States lost a Roosevelt, Ehe find3 an Anderson in his place.
LIES OF THE DAY
Last night Postmaster James G. Me
Cabe sent a telegram to Governor
Prodi' at Phoenix, requesting the gov
ernor tc route the senate committee
via iB&bee on their trip through the
territory. If Bisbee is a stopping
Officers Harrington and Jennings
were summoned to the City of J3isbee
saloon last night and furnished with
a description of two bad Mexicans
who had been causing a disturbance
there a few minutes previous. A rock
was thrown through the wincow of the
saloon, and later a Mexican with a
knh'e in his hand made a demand on
the bin tender for liquid refreshments,
which was refused ,and at tho point
cf a gun was forced to leave the place.
IN THE WORLD OF WOMAN
" ijl ... D m j nni 11 .1 '.Llll
A Daily Health Column Conducted by the United States Public Health
Service by Direction of
- - RUPERT BLUE,
Surgeon General, U. S. Public Health Service.
DAILY SMILE FOR WOMEN
"Is the professor in?" she asked,
entering the door of a courtroom by
mistake.
"What professor-?" asked the at
tendant. "The professor of music, or course.
I've come to have my voice tried.
"Well, you'd better not have it tried
here, ma'am. This is a court of jus
tice." Houston rost.
I The country is not tickled with Judge Anderson's manhood.
I Bisbee will be a quiet town today.
! Maricopa continues to grow, stronger in the respect of the other coun
I ties of the state.
i The board of supervisors is taking up much'bpace in the newspapers ol
I Cochise. . .
I B. V. D.s are appropriate gent6' wear during the present month.
j We are not wondering what the weather in California is like just now.
AFTER GETTING UP
We are not used o giving thanks.
We're something of a niourner-
But bltsssed bo the Lands that put
.-n oil stove in the corner!
Maricopa county has arisen in its wealth of moral rectitude to frown
upon Loving contests. Which is another reason why v.e are glad that w
do not live in Maricopa.
HEALTH RULES
It vou would live to u. ripe old- age
and keep the d.ctor away
Ventilate every room you occupy.
Weal' loose, porus ciotiiing suited
to the season, weather and occupation.
P' you are an indoor worker be sure
to get recreation out doors.
Sleep in fresh air always; In the
open if you can.
Held a handkerchief before your
nose and mouth when you tough or
snooze and insist that others do so
too.
Always wash your hands before eat
ing. !; not overeat. This applies espe
cially to meats und eegs.
E;;t some hare and some, bulky
loods; some fruits.
Eat slowly chew thoroughly.
Drink sufficient water daily.
Evacuate thoroughly, regularly.
' Stand, sit and walk erect.
lo not aliow poisons and infections
lo elite; the body.
"UNCLE SAM, M. D.," will an
swer, either in this column or by
mail, questions of general, interest
relating only to hygiene, sanita
tion, and the prevention of dis
ease. It will be impossible for
him to answer questions of a
purely personal nature, or to pre
scribe for individual diseases.
Address:
INFORMATION EDITOR,
U. S. Public. Health Service,
WASHINGTON, D. C.
i Keep I ne teeth, gums and tongue
I clean
; Work play, rest and sleep in model
j at'on.
i Ket p serene. Worry is the foe of
health. Cultivate the companionship
!of j cm fellow men.
j A.oid self drugging. Beware the
i plmt.- ible humbug of tne patent medi
! rii.e faker.
Have your doctor examine yo.t
carefully once a year. Also consult
'our dtuti.i at tegular inter !.
National Meet of
Women, Most Vital
In History, Begins
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 10. With the Na
tional suffrage amendment pending
before the numerous state legislatures
throughout the country, the annual
convention of the National Council of
Women of the United States wiiiclu
opened today bids fair to be the most
imporatn gathering of this organizu--,
ton since its birth.
. . .. .. . ... .. , I
i nai ine national sunrage auienu
nu-nt will be one of the leading topics
of discussion is a foregone eonciusion.
accordin gto leaders of the council and
it has been announced that all of the
reports to bo made of this fu;i r- arc
decidedly favorable. ,
The national count il has local conn-
til sthroughout the United States and j
even extends :o other parts of the
world. It has 10,000 members in the
ITniled States. It is affiliated with
the Young Women's Christian associa
tion, the Women's Christian Temper
ance Union, the Women's Suffrage
party, the Women's Peace ratty, the
National Congress of Mothers and
the' International Federation of Musi
cal clubs as well as the two women's
political associations.
Delegates will be chosen at the
present session, to represent the coun
cil at the International council, which
will be held at Christiania, Norway.
Mrs. Philip N. Moore. St. Lottie. Mo..
the president of the National Council
and the sessions Here will last through
next Saturday, November 15.
Sets Bar Precedent
MENU FOR TODAY
BREAKFAST Baked apples, poach
ed eggs, toast, coffee.
LUNCHEON Macaroni with cheese
sauce, brown bread and butter, stew
ed tomatoes, tea.
DINNER Halibut steak, scalloped
potatoes, buttered carrots, celery,
combination fruit salac trackers and
"cheese, coffee.
. NEW SUBSTITUTE FOR SUGAR
Malt sugar syrup is a brand new
sweet which has arrived on a commer
cial scale at the psychological moment
to relieve the sugar shortage, say the
specialists or the bureau of chemistry.
United States Departmen of Agricul
ture, who have investigated various
substitutes for sugar.
In addition to being a sweet, malt
sugar syrup has a delirious flavor
somewhat resembling that of honey,
which adds much to its palatability
and value as a sugar substitute.
While malt sugar has long been
known to chemists .its production on, a
commerti: .1 scale is only beginning
Two factors nave stimulated its pro
duction recently. The shortage of su
gar has developed a market for it. and
the recent prohibition Taw tins wnnc
available both the raw material and
the machinery needed for its manufacture.
U r - r --xl ,
sV J
NEW YORK By taking the moth
ers of two incorrigible girls to lunch
with her before she sentenced the
girls. Jean Norris. New lork's first
woman judge, established a precedent.
The girl;- vcic put on probation. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER II, 1919.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
PAGE FIVE
rvn r n n rv n
m A v a L .
u j ttrm- vy n i i
' V
i -1 n P "i rri , r v r i
AdWuAAirHllJbvl
Youi
can oe a sa.
flor
of
the ain Get in. on the ground.
oor and see the world from above
o
Become an expert aviation mechanic, blimp or seaplane pilot Fifty per
-
per cent extra pay for flight duty.
hiu n - 1 tint, - TUiJpT 4'
i 1 i " ft 1 Mali i i 15 vo vVv. w- t ; f
r - . - ; 'tA -1 if v -
5S .
a
JOIN NOW AND YOU
will immediately be sent to the Naval Air Station of your choice-Pacific or Atlantic Coast, Panama or the Gulf.
You will learn in the world's best aviation school the ins and outs of the greatest business of the future Aviation.
You will obtain rapid advancement and excellent pay with extraordinary inducements for experienced menJ
Enlistments
years
For Interesting and' Valuable Information Apply
at U. S. Navy Recruiting Station, Allen Bldg.-
Bisbee, Arizona. v
This Public
ity Made
Possible
Through
The
Generosity
of,
LiiL'ich & Mulutuiovich 1.00
Imperial Pool Hall 2 00
Uniti-it Loan & Jewelry 2.00
Si'iro Swipich : 1.00
Kfl'olwiess Cat't! 1.00
T). Doiniro 2.00
Jolm Pule 1.00
A. Kurani 2."0
Joo flallade x 1.00
'ity Taik Tailors 1.00
Hlandanl Milk Depot l.oo
Undo Jim Setcnd Hand Store l.oo
r.'txlon &' Smitli 5.oo
W. Iicnnincer 2.00
CJto. V. Hell, barber 1.00
Cleo. Vallrssis 1.50
I,. J. Overlook 5.00
I. V". Wallace 2.00
I3i.sbeo Urus .l.oo
i:.A. Tovrei 10.00
California Itakery ".00
(iupcn Laundry 2.00
Hondci son & Wat kins Lumber t'o. 2.00
Hatfield & Hradlield 2.io
Misbee Auto Co 2.00
ni..lie? lmil o ein lit Co 5.0(1
O. S. Fieneli :5.oo
.N M. Iii'U 2.00
J. il. Grant,, Lowell
Lowell Auio Co
J. K. liroidiy
Lowell Haberdashery Co. .
Lowell Dnis Co
Cull & Hart :
Tony Leckuar
I'iybee Lumber Co
McCay & Kinmore ..: ..J.
Midway Confectionery ......
l''r;'i:k BrisKn
Steven Grocery
Louis G. Sena Grocery
lluh Diican
Chris Vukosovich Groti rv
.1.00 O. K. Tailor 100
2.00 ' rj"aTik1'iifMisbee 5.25
2.00 Krankcnberg Bros. &. Newman. ...IOJiO
.2.00 M. C. High Real Kstalc 5.00
.2.00 C. M. Fruit man 1.00
.1.00 Jiisbee Dye Works 5.10
.l.0 Owen's Cleaning Works 2.00
.5.00 W. Mainland 2.(01
.1.00 Wm. McGlynn 2.00
2.00 J. R. AngiuH 2.50
J.Oii Gus Haip'.er 1.00
1.00 Miners & Merchants Bank 10.00
.75 p. 1). Menantile Co lo.OO
.1.00 Abe Brown 2.oo
5.oo jt. s. Hillman 2.00
M. McLeod .1.00
iMiners' Store 5.00
Cakuiirbua Gricert ' 2.00
Kelly Grocery 2.00
c:eni ral riiarmacy 2.00
Talace Grocery 2.00
John Valentine 1.00
Martin Restaurant 2.00
J. C. Penuoy Co 5.00
W. Muir 1.00
New Art Store 1.00
Collins & Bretherton 100
Reynolds Music Shop 1.00
Hopan it Seed .'. 1.00
Arizona Grocery Co 2.00
McWhorter's l.oo
J. E. Harris l.oo
Al Koby Shoe and Tailor 2.50
L. L. Gilman 2.00
Philip Dolfmun l.oo
C. W. Allen 2.50
H. R. Fitch 50
Watkins & Bergquist 2.00
Schwartz Bros. Co 5.00
Dix Studio 2.00
II. E. Wool on .'.2.00
Millet's Clothes Shop 2.50
J. C. While 2.0ft
C. S. Thompson 2.00
Vuircc Grocery l.cO . r PAGE BIX
:THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER II, 1919
Tips of the Town
' TO FLUX MINE
Maurice Clark, consulting engineer
01 me j. lux mine, with Mr. Clark,
also of the Flux, took a party of local
people to (he mine on Saturday. Ia
the party were J. L Snell. F. C. Nel.
son, Howard BarkU, F. E. Bennett,
president of the Flux Mining com
pany, and the Misses Rabb, Lowe,
Fridel, Green, Butler and Harris.
Although it whs wiutry weather dur
ing the trip, with the snow flying, i
sil enjoyed the trip and expressed
pleasure at the showing being made
at the mine .
I HERE FROM TUCSON
air. and Mrs. Dsvih Puh v.
latter of whom was formerly Mia
May Murray of Lowell, arrived in
Bisbee yesterday from Tucson.
TO ATTEND COURT
Attorney Ed Flannigan
lomDstoue yesterday in
upon the superior court.
went to
attendai.ee
HERE FROM TUCSON,
S. K. Williams, attorney, returned
Saturday from a business trip to
Tucsou.
ON JURY DUTY
Dan McKenzie, proprietor of the
I'isbee Furniture company, went to
Tombstone yesterday to report for
jury duty.
GOES TO TUCSON
Alex. Murray, attorney, will go to
Tucson today to appear In th vase
of the United State vs. Sheier. He
will return tomorrow.
CHIEF RETURNS
J. A. Kemnton. chief of nni; PA tkTtil
Constable Sheppard returned Satur-
-1.,.. a m
uy irum meson, wnere they wer
witnesses before the federal court.
iUGHTl OF THE ITIflil
READJUSTMENT ASSOCWTWN
campaign announced or gov.
Op behalf of the National Co-opera-; lockouts, over fmnlnmpnl. .initor
tie Readjustment association, Gover- ploym nt and unemployment) ; pronnt
nor Thomas E. Campbell announces ins; hetter jreneral education, efficlen
tne inauguration of a great "National
Co-operatove Readjustment campaign
designed to akl the nation and state
and more successfully over the uncer
tain recks of readjustment and into
tho path of real progress.
The stated objects of the campanen
are.
iN FROM TOMBSTONE
James Barrett came tn from Tomb
stone yesterday.
TO RESIDE . HERE
Mr. and Mrs. Iran Monohan ar
rived her from New Vorfc Sunday,
to take up their permanent residence
in the Warren district. Monohan,
who if familiarly known to many
friends here as "Jack," has been tn
the t'nited States nary for lo
yea if. ,
Icy on the job .thrift always and home
own ins (increased production, greater
ffk i-ncy and thrift to aid in effec
tively combatting the high cost of liv
ing) ; urging loyalty to government,
local, state and national; a better un
derstanding of duty and resnonsinmrv.
striving to oratt and maintain n
pirii of contentment generally and
, m thC natura'uVavorinff to secure the co-operation
strain incident. to a reconstruction or of nlI t0 th; e operation
readjustment, perioo of this magni- n- ' ?. ' .
fade and imnortanee hv B,? , J. ' h" on will maintain head-
r.amT..j: -,...." " r""'" r',ianprs m Washington. D. C. with
of the conn-
Full Reports on
Red Cross Drive
Expected Today
Full reports on th rotnuo .v
Third Roll Call drive of the Ajneri-!
neu rosss which is being con
ducted by the L. A. Engle. Jr., post
of the American Legion, are expected
in today from the various, team cap
tains and sub-committees.
Whilo the reDorta hav. Wn at
ing m very slowly, due t0 the fact
that the work was being pushed vig
orously, with no time to render de
tailed statements, it is known that
Bisbee is far advanced with regard
to securing the quota which was as
signed to this city. The total of new
memberships obtained in the last
Red Cross roll call here was 7 U00
and it is believed that this will be
exceeded this year.
.!:
))ance lonigh
REAL JAZZ MUSIC Gents, $1.00; Ladies Free
SeVf on pertinent jb, in arious parts" ,
Subjects, locally - in industrial rnln. L. .. , v .
,.,,, t , A. , I"? sna representatives in everv
S inttLa T Tl 8Cale cnunty of every state in the Unitea
rind '.Z h closest cooperation jp.R, jnclu,,fnc htp Districf m
end Uimcny between employers andi,mbia am, a u.rrj(orip,
employes (capital and labor!- at tho n-u '. ,tir,lories-
- 1 c,m1 ,irna. ,7 " asHw:ianon is non-part san and
itwTth thTint T dl6CouraHarian and its motto is "justice
i& radicTdfr ,S ftrend tOWard I -M. " ornors1
.the radcal disrupter of civilization, myn and fedrrtl official" Z ill
commonly called "Bolshevism," while Wito House hT v L i ' ?
Jprcmoting Americanization ,.nong tV nourced ZVZ ' , P,'"
-; foreign element. aPParent ned clls forth the
Pima nm,v ... :r. . 'u'uvu ' Dee be de- ..oni, Tn iv.-t---: 5 V -'" o! tne association, with
tv ii iv ii win i h k h u ii nriiin-.,i . . . , . v uiuQv nn in i 'f 1 1 i iia i . . a
th " " I. Cl- Ior iM Penitentiary industrial mrattiM --me,u mat tne campaign will
T 7v . . AUAnuxcu Una ior tne insane asylum.,
jeeterday. About 13 experienced men '
ROA ENGINEER LEAVES
John Christian, engineer and map DEPUTY SHERIFF HERE
-keF forheA hiay comTnis.&iorx. i Deputy Sheriff Henshaw came
has gone to Ajo. where he will be tov.n from Tombstone yesterday
employed by Pima county highway; ,
commission. Christian is the first of BACK FROM TRIP
Pvln,Sf!,2ati0n f the UXe J" '' SbBriW McDonald has
Ryan, mehwav pnenwr tn , -
" - ar-w i ill ut-;u irum 'nricmt a v
Parrington, president of the Illinois
district, as they passed newspaper
men:
"That was a good Bpeech you
made, Frank. I agree with it fullv "
Mr. Howat. before leaving Kansas'
ft' tio inni., I 1 . " I
wiiituuuu uere, gave out a
statement in which he declared that
"regardless of injunction, prisons and
judges," he intended, to tight.
. Another" delegate said:
At',;M.vf v : r;
Central
THEATRE
TONIGHT 6 TO 11
Armisr.ee Day Special
wtw: CV.-J
4JT
THE ATkE
TODAY I TO 11 8-1
Armistice Day Special
industrial communities and na.w.iiv Z,,::. ! !?at '."f 'sn will
. individual and MMm,ft. 1' 'T .u,uu OD'cts have been
i . -P r. . .i.i- i ;iiacnr(i
are due to ' leave Cochise county
when the work, upon which they are
now engaged ,',is completed.-.
RANCHER IN TOWN
William Ottmer, well known
rancher from the Hereford district,
came in from Stork yesterday.
TOMBSTONE VISITOR
"Mother" Gristj-, a pioneer of Bia
bee, who is well known to hundreds
ln tne Warren district
management of several
ing houses here, was a visitor from
Tombstone yesterday.
Chris Koch, ah otfi resident : of
Bisbeo. arrived yesterday from Rock
island. 111.,' where Le has been re
siding.
WELTERWEIGHT ARRIVES
Prankie . Powser,
welterweight who;
ileyer at Warren Park this after
noon, arrived last night, with the
declaration that he is in the best
of shape for the bout
in sufficient degree to war-
v .1 - t (. iut ti n surncient r
both emDlovers and emnwi .Tr-.j,,,. . 1
ARRIVES t,;, r "iuo "nf us tiiscontinuance.
ed row and in the future through
OUT OF DANGER
Mrs. M. C. Ryan, who was taken to
the Copper Queen' hospital on Friday
with a severe attack of ptomaine
poisoning, was brought back to her
:iome yesterday. She Is declared to
be out of danger.
TO WITNESS CELEBRATION
Thomas Reed of El Paso is stop
plus; in Ftisbee to attend the AimiB
tice day celebration. FJe is pa his
way to California. ' '". '
ATTEND DANCE
Miss Effie Rainer and her sister
Mrs. Mary Pearce, motored to Tomh-i
stone yesterday to attend a danre In
the county seat. '
MANAGER IN TOWN
Clark' Duncan, manaeer of Jimmle
Lanning, champion lightweight of
Kansas, arrived in Bisbee yesterday.
for matches for hia
through her He is looking
large board- J protege. ". '"
COUNTY OFFICIAL LEAVES
i. I. Kelligon. asuiatant county at
torney, who spent Sunday in Bisbee,
returned yesterday to Tombstone.
PIPE LINES FROZEN
The cold snap on Saturday froze
several pipe lines on Sacramento
hill, with the result that they burst
All of them were repaired yesterday.
Him greater narmony. with the intent hhe T.nited qtnt nlo a V J
of promoting constructive coopera- bcr SdSJ ZZTn? f
tion(hs tending to avoid strikes, govemfnts nd ,OCal
Boy Scout Troop to
Entertain-isitors
;Thc Boy Scouts of troop 2 held their
weekly meeting last nicht at 7'3rt in
the scout hall on School Hill.
Arrangements were made to havo
visitors night a week from next Mon
day. In the program will be a number
of talks by scouts on different phases
or the scout work.
" The following topics were assigned
to the boys: "The work of the lov
scouts during the world war," Law-j
rence Sullivan; "The Scout Oath,"
George Solomon, Alfred Lumis and
T. Stanton returned i Basil Wallman: "What a Tlfiv mil at fin
Solomon vine, , where
to become a tenderfoot scout." Arman
do Ojeda; "What a tenderfoot must
do to become a second class scout"
Henry Smith, and "What a second
class scout must do to become a first
class scout." Jack Watterson
At the close of the "business nieet
ng .rank Bruning. scout masp of
the troop, gave an account of his ,p.
cent trip to El Paso.
THEATRE
1 to 11
-TODAY-
1 to 11
Charles
FROM SOLOMONVILLE .
Judge Allen R. English.'
Jones and C.
yesterday from
they were engaged in mining mat
ters.
at the C. &A. hospital, at 10:30 o'clock
last night of rheumatism. A nephew
is exoectpd from
DIES AT HOSPITAL I funeral a rrTl P"fm cm t a -' will V.a-
W. S. Houndtreei whose age ia given The body is t the Palace Undertaking
as about 60 years .died at the, died establishment.
IflCTiilS I.
" woa iw ii
TilTil nn nn...- I
iiibb maw
I With
Violet Merserau
The Bluetird Star'
In
MORGAN'S RAIDERS
A 5-Act Dramatic Picture
Pathe News No. 86
A SOCIAL CUB
A Triangle Comedy With
Gloria Swenson and '
Bobby Vernon
0) Today!
The Serial i
RED GLOVE
Episode 14th
'In Lost Millions"
Blackton's Famous Six
Act Human Heart Dram;
i
"The Moonshine
Trail"
, Starring
Robert Gordon
and Sylvia Breamer
Wolfville Tales
A Ghost of a
Chance"
Montgomery and Rock
In
"Squabs and
Squabbles
The Wonderful Drama of I !
the North Woods
tv
The Wolf"
A II f r .i .
"UDert t. imith-s thrill- PJ
&8
ing masterpiece adapted
trom the world rpn rA7T-iA-t n
stage play of the same
name.
3
J
Tomorrow" "
'Auction of Souls"
Gaumont's Express
Graphic
Happy Hooligan
In 'iN DUTCH"
Thursday and Friday
"Auction of Souls"
LVDIANAPOLIS. Xov. 10 - No
agreement had been reached by offi
cial of the United Mine Workers nf
America in a confprenn
in ... 7 " iuuiy
v.v,,A.1Ut-, U1C 0,.aor Qf federa,
7 . ' aaiuraay to call off the
strike of coal miners when j
journed at" 6 o'clock this evening j
TRY THE REVIEW WANT ADS FOR QUICK RESULTS
m 1
Try This
touihern Plantation Recipe for
Creole Molasses Candy ;
9
Every Housewife
knows the name
"PEHICK
FORD" on a
food means Al
ways the Best of
lit Kind. 22
years of quality.
.BRER RABBIT OLD FASHION t MOLASSES CANDY
' Put one-quarter cup of buttrr in ke:de, allow to male
verfire. Than add iho cup of BRER RABBIT Molasse
mud about one-half cup of sugar. Stic to dissolve sugar.
When well cooked, itir constzmiy until, tried in cold
watar, candy become brittle. Befora ukiag from fire add
a taaspoonrul of vinegar.
Pour into Duitereti pan. t'hea cod enough, pull until
t k bacomaa light in ecloe.
Cut ia amaH piecaa vrkh fcr.ife or Urge snaan and giva
tka kiddies and grown folk all they want.
GOLD LABEL BRER RABBIT is
the molasses that makes pancakes,'
waffles and biscuits taste so good.
The - kind that mothers spread on
sliced bread for children.
Your grocer also sells Green Label
BRER RABBIT. This is a specially se
lected molasses for cooking and baking.
emember the GOLD LABEL tor
table use and high-grade baking the Green
Label especially for baking. It costs less.
faid no vote had beerii
FREE N book like it. The
fascinating travels of
Brer RabfciVs Romantic Life. For
Mothers and Children. Interest
ingtothose who cook. Free write
Peuick &Ford,Ltd.,NerwOrleans.
Delegates
taken
me union heads, who include in
lernational officers. ht.-,Vf
dents, and members of the executive
board and scale committee, resumed
the deliberations al 7:30 o-clock to
night, but it wr,a ihe general ' belief
uiu no rormal action would be taken
before tomorrow. In view of the
provision of the court, instructing
lUB miners- cnief -to present to the
court tor approval their order with
drawing the strike call of October
13 within 72 hours. 11 wan nnwi
tonight that no announcement would 1
"e maae uy the miners before the ex
iiunuii oi mat time. The court
.Ttio aiSuu ai i3:l-& ii. m. on
baturday. therefore the union nm
cials must report to the court by that
u,,,e .tomorrow.- Although extra.
ordinary measures were taken tc
prevent the proceedings from beonm
ing public, it was ascertained from
disconnected remarks dropped bv
delegates as they left the hall for
lunch and dinner, that the discussion
brought out wide divergence of opin
ion as to what course the coal wnrv
ers should pursue with regard to the
order of the eourt.
- Alexander Howat, president of the
Kansas district, remarked tp Frank
"SCIATIC PAINS
QUICKLYRELIEVED
Keep Sloan's, the World's Llnl-
menc nandy to allay aches
THOUSANDS cf men and women,
when the least little rheumatic
. crick ' assails them, have Sloan's
Liniment handy to knock it out.
Popular a third of a century ago far
more popular today,
v wa.1 ? beca"sc it is so wonderfully
helpful in relieving all external aches
and pains sciatica, lumbago, neural,
gia, overstrained muscles, stiff joints,
Iiat. r .exP8Ure results. A little is
all that is necessary, for it soon pene
trates without rubbini to the sore spot.
Leaves no muss, stained skin, clogged
pores. A bottle today is a wise pre
caution. Keep it handy.
All dmepista .1 7a- ti An
Woimeim
four 85c each,
Christian Women
smM
You'll see what they went through before and after they were sold.
You'll See Aurora Mardiganian herself,
the Armenian beauty vho escaped to America after two years in
the hands of Kurdish Slave Raiders and Turkish Harems. Aurora's
true story has been filmed, with herlf ae Uc r al.
fi . . , . . "v-,oc" lur "e purpose
ot showing America what unbridled license leads to and rousing '
our people to the true conditions in the Near East. Everything the
-Keel film shows happened to either Aurora herself, or to some of
her. cpuntry-women. The facts are substantiated by the Officii
Reports of ; the British Investigator. Viscount Bryce and American
Ambassador Morgenthau.
-SEE, AND YOU'LL NEVER FORGET-
"AUCTION OF SOULS"
From the .Book "Ravished Armenia'
Central Theatre
Wednesday
Eagle Theatre
Thursday & Friday
K
a . mm
a
Admission Adults 50c PAGE SEVEN
THE CHERRY RED CROSS NURSE
D WHO iE DOING THINGS
: : I
"The Buck Private Society. A. E.
F.." Is the official designation of an
organization of
overseas fight
ing men which
is out to enlist
the membership
of every red
blooded scrap
per who saw
service in the
ranks in the re
cent affair with
Germany.
N o commis
sioned off! cer
may enter this
society. N o n -
old, old question. Was she still
willing?
He couldn't hear ber answer, but
he read it on her lips. And just
two weeks later they were married.
Tuton, happy in bis newly estab
lished home, and with a good job
at his old trade of electrician, bad
written the board a letter of thanks
and appreciation.
"It's fine to hear with one's eyes,"
he said.
corns who served abroad will be per
mitted to join only after they have
received their discharge. But the
door Is closed to all officers with
commissions.
The organization was born at
Ransbach, Germany, May 20, 1919,
.with Private Paul F. Collins, Battery
D Sixth Field Artillery, First Divi
sion, as president. Collins, it seems
had put several things across for
the entertainment and comfort of
the men in the army of occupation
that the officers had overlooked. The
"bucks" decided that when thingB
really were to be done it was they
themselves who did them.
"If In fighting, why not also In
peace!" was the query.
Well, why not? The Buck Privates
Society, A. E. F., was the answer.
And of the First Division alone more
than 600 bucks joined.
Organization work in this country
will be in the hands of Edward F.4
McGuire, former quartermaster serge
ant in the First Division, with the
work directed from Hotel Sherman,
Chicago.
Local chapters will be known aa
"Dugouts," and a charter for a dug
out will be issued when a member
ship of 100 or more Is signed up.
Says McGuire: "The Buck Privates
Society will be fraternal in nature.
As the officers never fraternized
with the men in service the men will
not fraternize with them now. It
will fight for cleaner politics, and
will have a constructive program on
national issues, but will be non
political. One of the big things it
will combat will be the development
of the Prussian caste system in our
army. It will fight for conditions
under which commissioned officers
will advance from the ranks on
demonstrated ability alone."
"The Bucks Don't Pass the Buck,"
will be the society's slogan.
' V
AY4
Herjpicide
Mary Says:
It la
Your Own Fault
If You Have
Scragghj Hair.
NEWBRO'S
HERPICIDE
Will Make It
Light and Fluffy.
At Drue and Dept. Stores
AppUcfttiona A Barber SViot
AMERICAN NOW!
Four years in the German army
as a member of the 25th Prussion
Guards, serving
throughout the
World War un
der Ludendorff,
five times
wounded, and
now a member
of the United
States army!
That is the
startling record
of Oasge Chris
tiansen, private
in the "Ameri
can All" de-
OffHSTMNSX tachment of the
regular army which is to tour the
country in the interest of recruiting.
The "American's All" detachment,
when reviewed in Washington by
Secretary Baker required the attend-
ance of the military attaches of
practically every embassy and lega
tion in the capital. For in its ranks
are 14 nationalities and so new are
its members in this country that
three months ago not one of them
could speak English.
Christiansen, however, is the only
representative of the recent German
fighting forces. As soon as he could
get out of Germany following demo
bilization, he came to New York,
landing there cn April 2. He took
out first naturalization papers at
once, and on April 25 signed up with
Uncle Sam at Carnp Upton, N. Y.
Nationalities included in this
unique detachment are: Spanish,
Lithuanian, Italian, French-Canadian,
Norwegian, Finnish, Polish, French,
Russian, Armenian. Greek, Dutch,
Jugo-Slavish and Danish. They have
been taught English at the Recruit
Educational Center at Camp Upton,
known as "The Army Melting Pot."
r i- x
1 A - feis V
if 45
HEARS WITH EYES
Thanks to Uncle Sam .and the
Federal Board for Vocational Train-!
ing. iiomer n.
Tuton is today
a happy bride
groom, although
when he return
ed from France
be was deaf,
dumb and par
alyzed, and
had determined
never again to
see the girl to
whom' he was
. engaged. Un
able to speak
TCTTCW i to speak or
Lear, his features drawn and twisted
from paralysis as a result of battle in
paralysis as a result of battle In
juries, he preferred to remain a
memory to the girl who had prom
ised to marry him rather than that
she should see him in a condition
which he feared would' make him
repulsive to her. :
A representative of the federal
board took Tuton in hand. He was
placed in a school of oratory at At
lanta and also kept under medical
treatment.
In less than four months, the par
alysis and facial affliction had dis
appeared and Tuton had become
adapt to the art of lip-reading. More
wonderful still, he had recovered his
speech though hearing was still gone.
With this new grip on life, de
spondency disappeared. Tuton went
back to the girl and renewed the
DR. OKA TALKS
Dr. Miuoru Oka, chairman of the
Japanese delegation to the Interna
tional Labor
Confer ence
held In Wash
ington Oct. 29,
under call by
the League of
Nations, saya
that Japan,
like America,
is best beset
grave labor
and -industrial
. problems.
, "Labor dlf-
. ficulties in Ja
pan are becom-
1
i
1 I
i l
1
ing aiariumg," he declares.
Dr. Oka declined to discuss the
Japanese situation in the west, or
the Phelan "exclusion bill" now be
fore the senate. Those, he says, are
"too serious questions" for unofficial
discussion.
As Japanese delegate to the peace
conference, ' Dr. Oka states that the
return of Shantung to China "will
be done as soon as possible."
ATTENTION MOOSE!
Funeral services of our brother,
Gus Johnson Ridderstrom. will be held
at the Palace Undertaking Parlors at
2:30 p. m., ednWesday, November 12.
All Moose are requested to attend.
L A. ROSAK, Dictator.
iMl-12
For lob work that la nrnt Phone 39,
Reriew.
VLADIVOSTOK "The girl with the cherry smile," is the wav Ameri
can soldiers in Siberia welcome Genevieve Haddock. She's one of the
Red Cross workers who've gone out to attend the boys in frozen Sibe
rian wastes. ,
DISABLED Bl
TO BE AIDED
BY LEGIQNERS
Following the receipt of a letter
from A. G. Field, head of the federal
hoard for vocational training, Mayor
Erick&on announced yesterday that
he is prepared to give every assistance
to the board and to the local post of
the American Legion' in bringing to
tne attention of the board all cases of
disafciiity which may reqnwc voca
tional education to fit the service man
for the battle of life. The letter
from the federal board follows:
"The federal board of vocational ed
ucation wishes to come in contact
with every veteran of the great war
who suffered a disability resulting In
a hardicap which will require v!ca
tional re-education to overcome it.
"The mayor can reach such cases in
his community without much trouble.
The inewspaper boys are always ask
ing the mayor for news. The fact
that he mayor knows the method of
reaching the federal board for voca
tional education and the further fact
that the mayor Is interested in to the
oxent of giving some of his personal
time, makes a corking good story.
The local paper is glad to print such
news. The public is gratified to snow
that 'the mayor is taking such an in
terest In his community.
"Will you co-operate with the board
to f;ee that every veteran who is en
titled to vocational rehabilitation un
der the law, is given a clear under
standing of the opportunity pre
sented?" This ies the second letter to be re
ceived by . Mayor Erickson from tiie
board, and he has already replied iliut
he stands ready to give every assist
once in his power. He has also been
in touch with the officials of the L.
A. Engle, Jr. post of the American Le
gion, to which he has promised the
fullest measure of co-operation in the
great work of rehabilitating disabled j
ex-fcei vice men.
MINE CONGRESS
CONVENTION IN
ST. LOUIS SOON
ST. LOUIS, Nov. S. The 22nd an
nual convention of the American
Mining Congress will be held at the
Planters Hotel, in this city, during
the week of Nov. 17.
Governor Frederick D. Gardner, of
Missouri, Mayor Henry W. Kiel, of
St. Louis, the combined commercial
bodies of the State and city, includ
ing the Associated Industries of Mis
souri, St. Louis Chamber of Com
merce, St. Louis Convention & Pub
licity Uureau and the mining asso
ciations of Missouri and Illinois, are
asking governors of all states, may
ors of industrial centers, employers
of labor, government officials and
commercial bodies everywhere to
participate.
A national expositfon of mines and
mining is to be staged in the Old
Southern Hotel building, in conjunc
tion with the Congress. W. K. Kav
anaugh, president of the Southern
Coal, Coke & Mining Company is
chairman of the exposition commit
tee. Thomas T. Brewster is chair
man of the general St. Louis com
mittee in charge cf the congress.
The exposition Is officially en
dorsed by Hon. Franklin K. .Lane,
secretary of the Interior, and a com
plete exposition of mines and min
ing will be given under the direc
tion o? Tir Van H. Manning. Direc
tor of the Bureau of Mines. The
government exhibit will include
demonstrations of safety welfare
work in the mines, and safety-first
speakers of prominence will address
commercial and civic organizations
throughout the week.
A national gold conference and the
national conference of war minerals
producers will be held here during
the same week. An effort will be
made to work out a program to
bring to life the gold camps most
of which are idle.
Special Agents Phelps-Dodge Mercan
tile Company.
vv-' V: frsAt-i' i r FiAniM bfzr- brand . tel
III rf (fa W I TV.
III V WW I WJiU, i&&&lf
u
PABCO i
Roofingi
- Felti
Building Papers
Waterproofing
Materials :
Wall-Board
Floor CoTerlng
Industrial Paints
Qg Box Board ; .,,.mJq,4mjlL.
t: raper coxes
E Fibre Containers
Biff Li - RB
I
MALTHOID
and
RU-BER-OID
READY ROOFINGS
Ten years from now
You can judge the quality of ready
roofing only after it has been tested in
actual use. When you. buy it, you must
rely for your selection upon the experi
ence of others and the reputation of the
manufacturer.
The ideal of The Paraffine Companies
is to make Malthoid and Ru-ber-oid the
best ready roofings that can be made. The
Company has succeeded, as has been
proved thousands of times under widely
varying conditions of climate and use.
If 'you roof your farm buildings or
home or factory with Malthoid or Ru-ber-oid,
in ten years from now you will know
why it has become the recognized stand
ard of ready roofing. Malthoid and Ru-ber-oid
are made to last. They will not dry
out or rot and they are particularly fire
resistant. If painted every two or three
years, they will give good service indefi
nitely. Malthoid and Ru-ber-oid have met
successfully every test of time and service
to which they have" been subjected.
The reputation of the Paraffine Companies
stands back of Malthoid and Ru-ber-oid. They
are the best ready roofings that we knew bow
to make.
THE PARAFFINE COMPANIES, Inc.
San Franciico '
EACH - TOE OF -UTS
t .l if ?
r iFiiQJ lip ffl H li llip Ij !
-
CtmrlB mrm aoM TrywSr in
mcmntiAcmtty mmld packmfmm of 20
mfntt: or ri pmcktmm (300
ctmrtl) in fltsnne paper
covered carfon. Wo mtrongly rrc
ommtnd fill's carton Ibr thm hom
r office tupplfm mhn yu tra wmL
' i mill ii i i 7-1 .
They Win You On Quality!
Your enjoyment of Camels will be very great
because their refreshing flavor and fragrance
and mellowness is so enticingly different. You
never tasted such a cigarette I Bite is elimi
nated and there is a cheerful absence of any
unpleasant cigaretty after-taste or any un
pleasant cigaretty odor !
Camels are made of an expert blend of choice
Turkish and choice Domestic tobaccos and are
smooth and mild, but have that desirable full
body and certainly hand out satisfaction in
generous measure. You will prefer this Camel
blend to either kind of tobacco smoked straight!
Give Camels the stiffest tryout, then
compare them with any cigarette in
the world at any price for quality,
flavor, satisfaction. No matter
how liberally you smoke
Camels they will not tire
your taste!
R. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO.
Winston-Salem, N. C
Subscribe for the Daily Review PAGE EIGHT
THE BISBE . DAILY REVIEW
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 11. 1919
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
STOCKS ANU SON OS
NEW YORK, Nov. 10 Stringent
money and the more acute coal strike
situation governed the stock market
again today. The list almost as a
whole experienced further drastic de
preciations, extreme losses extending
from 2 to 12 points among lmporant
issues.
Although last week the bank state
ment carrier excess reserves to be the
largest total of the year further indi
cation cf increasing rigidity were
shown in all quarters o: te money
market.
Call loans opened and renewed at
12 per cent, ounting in the last few
inutes to IS per cent, that being the
Him 'juuiaLiuu ul nit? scnriuu. ' " - '
was eager bidding for time money at
ivs Ppr ceni, mosi loans Deing nmueu
to the shorter maturties.
Attention was directed anew to the
steel strike by the publication of
United States Sieel tonnage figures
for October. These disclosed a nomi
nal gain og 18S.000 tons in unfilled or
ders, a total which probably would
probably would have been several
times increased but for labor condi
tons. Such stocks as Industral Alcohol,
Crucible Steel. eGneral Electric and
Transcontinental Oil rose superior to
the general depression elsewhere, but
fell back at the feverish close. Sales
amounted to 1,450,000 shares.
Liberty bonds continued to weaken
and other domestic issues weer irregu-
lar with internationals. Total sales,
rar val'io, $16,330,000. Old United
States bends were unchanged on call.
COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK, Nov. 10. The uneer-
tainty of the coal strike situation had
an unsettling influence in the cotton
market today and prices were gener
ally lower. Rallies occurred from time
to time cn the unfavorable weather
news and reports of trade buying, but
the increased offerings and were not
fully maintained. After selling at
37.30 early, ajnuary broke to 36.60,
rallied to 37.21, but closed at 36.90,
with the general list closing barely
steady at a net decline of 15 to S5
points.
GRAIN MARKET
rHIPAnn Vnv m Pmie-li went hoi-
led to advance in the corn market t0.
day, although strained industrial con
ditions brought a good deal of ner-
vousness at times. The close was un
settled. c to iyc net higher, with
December $1.33 to $1.33"i and May.
01.26 to $1.26. Oats fntehed c
to ?4(Lf "f!C up and provisions varying ,
from 10c dicline to a rise of 5c. !
Heavy rains together with report of
a blizzard in the west gave an upward
tendency to the corn market the great
er part of the day, but especially so
round the opening and the close. On
the other hand, the earish naure of
the government crop rport continued
to receive attention. The principal
handicap on the bulls, however, was
the coal strike, which a majority of
dealers looked upon as further way 1
from a settlement. In this connection
it was pointed out mat Home grain
elevators elevators had already been
shut down owing to dack of fuel and
that railroad traffic had been curtail
ed. Temporarily, a decided break in
prices for cash grain weakened future
deliveries, but blizzard advices rallied
the market again at the last.
Export business helped to give In
dependent firmness to oats.
Provisions wre seadied by upturns
in the value of corn and hogs.
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
American Can 55
American Locomotive 100
American Car 13374
American Sugar 1363
American Linseed 5
Allis Chalmers . 45
American Smelting 67
Anaconda 05
Bethlehem Steel
Calumet and Arizona 73
Central Leather 101
Dutch 02
General Motors 379
Green aCnaned 40
Goodrich 4
Marine, common ...' 57
Marine, pfd 108 i
FRECKLES AND HIS FRIENDS
T7
XiUUi1 .JliW .jjuu urn m. in m.mniMimi . 1 . : .1 I ; i ,
a -773 . rVff "
LEASED WIRE
Mexican Petroleum
Maxwell Motors
Midale Steel
orthern Pacific
Great Northern pfd
32
401'2
S5
94
Pan American 124
Pierce Arrow &&
Pennsylvania
Rubber 127
Republic Steel 115!4
Reading 86
Studebaker 131 Vi
Southern Pacific 107
Texas Pacific 30
(U. S. Steel 105 si
Willys Overland s2
White Motors 72
COPPERS
Anaconda .
Kennecot 32
j nspiration ' ,7
Miami 25
Utah 79
Shattuck 13
CURBS
Verde Extension . 43
Gadsden 24
New Cornelia 23
No Boston quotations received.
COLLNS & BRETHERTON, Brokers
OTHER CURBS
Bid
Ask
2.25
Gadsden 2 .00
Green Monster 25
Dundee 50
' Jerome Verde 50
Magma Chief 45
Wolv-Arizona 2.87
Verde Combination 37
Night Hawk 5.25
Kay 1.50
North Tigre eLas
37 j
75
55
50
3.25
50
5.50
1.60
25
Con Copper Mines 5.87 6.00
Nacozari Consolidated 40 45
OIL STOCKS
Bid
Ask
1.80
.85
1.25
Big 4 1.65
Duke of Dublin
Comanche Home ,..
.Comanche County
El Paso Ranger 55
1 El Paso Burkburnete .
King 8 3.50
1.15
.65
7.00
4.00
I " "" " t ".
linger Central 2.3a
?nKe' Bu,rk 170
j Silver Cycle
2.10
2.50
1.95
.75
2.30
J.00
.10
2.25
2.00
.75
.50
1.50
i Weimar
' Homer Union
1.50
1 B,sbee-Texas
U. S. Oil
Southwestern Dev
First issue 2.00
Second issue 1.75
First option ..
Second option
Stock (no option)
Let us bid on tnat next printing
Job with you. We can save you mon
ey. Phone 39. Review.
A FOOL AT 40
It is an old proverb that every man
is either a fool or a physician at 40.
I Well, I fooled along for 40 years in the
i practice of pharmacy and the study
or medicine and therapeutics before I
discovered the wonderful prescription
for dumber 40 For The Blood. There
is more of thi wonderful prescription
sold and used by the citizens of our
home city than all other blood medi
cines combined. It is indicated in all
depraved conditions of the system. In
blood poisoning, in sores .ulcers, ec
zema and skin diseases. In chronic
rheumatism, catarrh, constipation, sto
mach, kidney and liver troubles. J. C.
Mendenhall, 40 years a druggist.
Houston, Texas, January 22, 1919, J.
I C. Mendenhall, Evansville, lnd. Dear
Oil. lie. VilJiJ AIU1I1 A lu 0
months with a nervous breakdown,
said by physicians to be sciatic neu
ralgia, causing general toxic poisoning
(and seeing your advertisement in the
I San Antonio Express, I called on Dr.
A. M. Fisher, druggist. He recom
mended your prescription Number 40
I which I have been using, for three
months and have received great bene-
fit from it. Sleep well, good appetite,
have gained several pounds in weight,
get up feeling fresh every morning.
, Have no pains. My nervous system
has become nearly normal." Respect
fully. J. L. Dupree, 1715 Common St.
Number 40 is sold by Lowell Drug Co.,
snd Central Pharmacy. Adv.
J II V3-fvmM (HCf
Kolchak Soldiers
t
K tsrvr- s . ' & ?
OMSK Kolchak soldiers have sulferred great hardships in their war
on the Bolbheiki. The three here pictured are but typical of thi ill-clad
fighters who have held the Reds in check.
CHRISTIAN INTEMTIOiLISftff IS
Mi OF PITTSBUR
(PITTSBURGH, Nov. 8. Christian ,
statesmen and social ?nd moral re-
formers from 47 countries of the J
world will assemble in Pittsburgh I
during "Armistice Week," beginning;
tomorrow, when the Third World's!
Chrsitian Citizenship conference will!
beheld. The conference has not met j
since 1913, when sessions were held)
in Portland, Ore. . i
A variety of momentous problems
of international interest, including
those pertaining to social, moral, in-
dustrial, economic, civil and political
activities, will come before the con-i D 'Aubigne, organizing of French war
vention. The purposes of the, meet-' relief agencies; Countess D'Ursel,
ing as outlined in the call issued by j lady-in-waiting to the queen of Bel
the National Reform association, are: j K'ura. antl Er- Danjo Ebina, editor, of
To promote the cause of Christian j Tokio.
internationalism; to further the ef-
fort to establish a just and lasting j A new industry in the United Slates
peace among the nations of the j that begun at Indianapolis of repro
earth; to help conserve the moral in-iducinr portraits of famous men on
terests of the world, and to aid in j title; medallion portraits they are call
solving the world's moral problems, j ed.
For two years nine international j :
commissions of nine members each j N0TICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
have been compiling reports on world PATENT
conditions to be presented to and I
acted upon by the conference. The-
commissions and their chairmen are:
Capital and labor. Dr. William Z.
Batten, Philadelphia, Pa.; the Lord's
Day, Dr. William M. Rochester, To
ronto, Canada; intemperance, Dr.
Edwin C. Dinwiddie, Washington, D
C; social impurty, B. Samue! Stead
well, La Crosse, Wis.; the family.
Judge William II. Thomas, Santa i
Ana, Cal.; immigration. Dr. Sydney
L. Gulick, New York City; Mormon
ism. Mr.. Theodore Cory, London,
England: peace, Dr. Frederick
Lynch, New York City; public educa
tion. Dr. R. C. Wylie, Pittsburgh, Pa.
Many speakers, j-ome of them for-
eigners, have accepted invitations toi
YOUR CATARRH MAY
LEAD TO CONSUMPTION
Dangerous to Use Treatment
for Only Temporary Relief.
There is a more serious stage of
Catarrh than the annoyance caus
ed by the stopped-up air passages,
and other distasteful features.
The real danger comes from the
tendencyof the disease to continue
its course downward until the
lungs become affected, and then
dreaded consumption is on your
He Saw Lots of
II .rv ) I
Suffer Privations
1r ";z
GH CdENTIM
address the conference sessions here,
including Joachim Alexopoulos, deaii
of the Greek , church, synod of the
United Slates; Ygnacio Bonillas,
Mexican ambassador to the United
States; Policarpo Bonilla. former
president of Honduras; Captain U.
N. Bachman, . rpecial envoy of the
United States peace commission to
Russia; Dr. Calderon, ambassador to
the United States from Bolivia;
Pierre Chotch, minister of justice of
Montenegro; P. C. Change, educator
of Tsinisin, China; Mile. J. Merle
Mineral survey No. 3551.
Serial No. 043122.
UNITED STATES LAND OFFICE,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, Oct. 9, 1919.
Notico i3 hereby given: That Alma
Clason. whose postoffice address fs
BisCee, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent- for the following
named lode mining claims, situate m
the Warren Miaing District, Cochrse
County, Arizona, in Sections 7, 8, 17
and 18, unapproved T. 23 S., R. 24 E.
u. a: a. it. u. & iu. described as fol
lows, to-wtt:
"CALVERT" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence tJ.
S. M. M. No. 1725. Warren Minrnir
District, bears N. 20 10' W. 9074.0
path. Your own experience has
taught you that the disease can
not be cured by sprays, inhalers,
atomizers, jellies and other local
applications.
S. SS. has proven a most satis
factory remedy for Catarrh be
cause it goes direct to its source.
Get a bottle today, begin the only
logical treatment that gives real
results. For free medical advice
write Medical Director, 47 Swift
Laboratory, Atlanta, Gat
Bricks, But No Ice Cream.
" 'hS
vwt ''- -A-
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. C52.60 feel
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 37 53,'
W. 1500.0 feet to Coiner No. 3; thenc
N. 75 17' W. 652.G0 feet to Corner
No. 4; thence N. 37 53' E. 150(1.0
fteet to Corner No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing a net area of
17.795 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Survey No. 2133,
Morning Star lode, of 1.150 acres, and
with Bisbee.Townsite Survey of 1.TI5
acres.
"LAURA" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence U.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Minmg
District, bears N. 3 49' W. 9306.6
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 24 25' W.
606.10 feet to Corner No. 3; thence
N. 75" 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner
No. 4; thence N. 24 25' E. 60G.1O
feet to Corner No. 1, theplace of be
ginning, containing a net area of
18.153 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Survey No. 1834,
Cockney Hill lode, of 2.420 acres.
"MORNING STAR NO. 3" Begin
ning at Corner No. 1, the N. W. Cor-
ner; whence U. S. M. M. No. 1725,
Warren Mining District, bears N. 12 I
05' W. 9S85.2 feet; thence S. 75 17' i
E. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 24' 25' W. 606.10 feet to' Corner'
No. 3; thence N. 75 17' W. 1500.0 !
feet to Corner No. 4: thence N 24 I
25' E. 606.10 feet to Corner No. 1, the;
place of beginning, containing a ner
area of 19.882 acres, expressly ex-!
eluding area In conflict with Surverj
No. 1834, Cockney Hill lode, of 0.529 i
acres, and with Survey No. 3166,!
Moonlight lode, of 0.062 acres. i
xt"A,LD1XGA " Beg!nnIng at Corn' 'Mary Brown, of Stark, Arizona, who,
NO. 1, tho N. W. Corner; Whence U.!nn TVT.iv 10 1117 made TTomestead En-
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Mining
.District, bears N. 2 09' W. 9843.8
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 23 11' VT.
600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence N.
75 17' W. 1500.G feet to Corner No.
4; thence N. 23 11' E. 600.0 feet to
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 20.43C acres.
"ALMETTE" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence TJ.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Minmg
District, bears N. 10 06' W. 1037S.8
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 23 11' vi .
600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence N.
75s 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No
4; thence N. 23 11' E. 600.0 feet to
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 17.614 acres,
expressly excluding area in conHrct
with Survey No. 31G2, Silica lod p'
0. 676 acres, and Survey No. 31C6,
Moonlight lode of 2.146 acres.
"ANITA" Beginning at Corner No.
1, the S. E. Corner; whence the N. t,.
Corner of Section CO, T. 23 S., R. Ti
E., G. & S. R. B. & M. bears S. 6" 48'
30" W. 10309 5 feet; thence N. 75"
17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2;
thence N. 26 40' E. 613.0 feet to Cor
ner No. 3; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence S. 2B
40' W. 613.0 feet to Corner Nc. 1,
the place of beginning, containing
net area of 20.22G acres, expressry
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 3162, Calcutta lode of 0.4:3
acres.
"WILLUNGA" Beginning at Cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. Corner; whence
the N. E. Corner of Section CO, T. 23
S., R. 24 E., G. & S. R. B. & M. bears
S. 4 34' W. 97G4.5 feet; thence ?f.
75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No.
2; thence N. 31 55' E. 628.0 feet to
Corner No. 3; thence S. 75' 17' E.
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 4; thence S.
31 55' W. 628.0 feet to Corner No.
1, the place of beginning, containing
a net area of 18.975 acres, expressTy
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 1S8I, North Star No. 2 lode
of 1.683 acres.
"ADELAIDE" Beginning at Cornet
No. 1, the S. E. Corner; whence tn
N. E. Corner of Section 30, T
23 S., !
R. 24 E, G. & S. R. B. & M. bears t,.
3 02' W. S770.2 feet; thence N. 7.V
17' W. 300.0 feet to Corner No. 2.
thence N. 0" 06' W. 97S.20 feet te
Corner No. 3; thence N. 17" 44 E.
77.30 feet to Corner No. 4; thence fc.
75" 17' E. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 5;
thence S. 17 44' W. 1024.30 feet ro
Corner No. 1, the place of be?innin&,
containing a net area of 7.652 acre,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 3162, Worchesre.
lode of 0.120 acres, Survey No. 3163
Kite iode of 1.725 acres, and with
Survey No. 3162, Buck lode, of 1.335
acres.
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the office of the
County Recorder, Cochise County.'
vc k ii r-r i , fe (-
) ( ICS" CHUM Xm (j TotO M THAT IC& kc K
r 7 1 lit II I:' I I V Vfci-fV lAMO JM y-TT T-A-' I
J " :! Mil II J v--js . I. I
m SW BKCK5 BUT l -
Aiizona, as follows:
Almette, recorded in Book 59, Rec
ord of Mines, page 409. .
Aldinga, recorded in Book 59. Rec
ord of Mines, page 403.
Willunga, recorded in Book 59, Rec
ord of Mines, page 412.
Laura, recorded in Book 59, Record
of Mines, page 411.
Morning star No. 3. recorded m
Book 59, Record of Mines, page 413.
Adelaide, recorded in Book 32, Rec
ord or Mines page 313. "
Anita, recorded in Book 59, Record
of MiDes, page 407.
Calvert, recorded in Book 59, Rec
ord of Mines, page 410.
Th$ .'runes of the adjoining claims
to this survey are: On the North,
Survey No. 1S34, Cockney Hill lode,
and Survey No. 2133. Morning Star
lode; on the East, Bisbee townsite.
Survey No. 2674, Morning Star No. 2
lode, Survey No. 2133, Morning Stat
lode, Survey No. 1670, Contention
lode, Survey No. 3166, Moonlight loae,
and Survey No. 3162, Buck, Kite,
Worchester.Calcutta and Silica lodes;
on the South, Survey No. 3162, Silica
lode, and Survey No. 1881, North Star
No. 2 lode; on the West, Survey No.
1SS1 North Star No. 3, North Star No.
1 an(1 North Star No. 2 lodes, and
Survey No. 1834, Cockney Hill and
Shoemakers' Last Chance lodes.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.,
October 17, 1919.
NOTTPTn T3 HKRERV nTVEN that
try No. 031502, for NW'-i, Section 4,
Township 24-S, Range 23-E, G. & S. R.
B. & Meridian, has filed notice of in
tention to make Three-Year Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee Arizona, on
the 29th day of November, 1919.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Homer R. Fike of Stark, Arizona.
Robert Arborn of Bisbee, Arizona.
Cormal M. Goins and John Harrison,
both of Stark, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN, Register.
10-24-19
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Arizona,
October 31. 1919.
Nolice is hereby given that Hugh E.
Fletcher, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on January 23, 1915, made Home
stead Entry No. 026598 for E'iNE'J
SWUNEVi. NVaSE'4NEU. SE1-4NE
I- 4NE1-4. Sec. 11, SNVViNW4. N
V2SWV,NWU. NEViNWV,. NSEl-4
NW1-4. WHNYl-4NWi,4NEi4, SWV4
NVW-NEU, NWySWiiXE't, Section
12, Township 23-S, Range r0-E, G. &
S. R. U & Meridian, has filed notice
of intention to make three-year Proof,
to establish claim to the land above,
described, before Jared D. Taylor, U.
S. Commissioner, at iBsbee, Arizona,
on the 12th day of December, 1919.
Claimant names at witnesses:
Henry Magnce, of Garces, Arizona.
Henry Maguee, of Garces. Ariz.
Peter Haveity, of Garces, Ariz.
Charles R. Biederman, or Hereford,
Ariz. J. L. IRVIN.
II- 8-19 26t Register.
NOTICE
The annual mee'.ins of the stock
holders nf thp Tvl Pasn St Srvnf tin-cF.m
Railroad company, for the election of
directors to serve for the ensuing year
and for the transaction of such other
business as may be properly brought
before the meeting, will be held at the
office of the company in Bisbee, Co
chise county, Arizona, on Monday, No
vember 10. 1919, at 12 o'clock, noon.
GEORGE NOTMAN, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Uwe!l Cam; No. 46 will meet ever;
sitxtirt and fourth Tuesday at 7?3t
. in . Fitinish hall.
R. A. WOOD, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Cler
Phone 804.
All oiMluirtii Invited.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and 4th Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially Invited.
ELSIE CALEY, M. E. C,
Thone 804.
IMPROVED ORDER
OF RED MEN
Sleets First and Third
'&V?'fe J Yhursdayofeach
y'4V.1Mul11 a- Medigovlcb
"alt Visiting Brotb
VfV7 ers cordially invited
cordially invited
THOS. IIAST1E,
BY BLOSSER
" " " i
Lodge Notices
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited to attend.
E. B. MATHEWS, Exalted Ruler
C. W. HICKS, Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in I. O. O. F.
Hall First acd Third
Saturdays. V 1 s 1 1 In
brothers welcome.
J. W. CORCORAN, Councillor.
P. L. WOODMAN. Jr., Rec Secy.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF
SECURITY
Meets on the first and third Mon
day of each month at Odd Fellows
hall at 8:00 p. m. ViBitlng members
cordially Invited.
R. F. HANCOCK, President,
Box 1348, Bisbee.
WINNIE JOWLES, Secretary,
Box 1054, Bisbee.
F. J. ATTAWAT, Financier,
Bok 3171. Lowell
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard l.; Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesdays at old
Pythian Castle. Visiting Archers are
cordially Invited.
ALEX KIDD, Foreman.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent.
Box 1496. Phone Red 384.
NOVEMBER 8, 1919
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
'hursday Blue Reg.
THOMAS HARG1S, W. M
B. T. WATKINS. Sec'y F. A A. J
W. R. BANKS, E. II. P.
N. C. 2LEDS0E, T. L M.
J. L. POWELL. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chair-
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
night, Moobo HalL
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
I. A. ROSOK.
Dictator
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Eisbee Aerie
No. 175, F. O.
E., meets let
and 3d Tues
days, 8 p. m ,
Eagles' Hall.
Visiters cor
d 1 a 1 1 y we
come.
EDWIN OLLERENSHAW, Pres
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
r,. L. EDMUNDSON. Aerie PbysIclMi.
! LOYAL
ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADNAUGHT
U O. U NO. 21a
meets In L O.
O. P. Hall 2na
and 4th Wed
nesday at 7:30
p. m.
Visiting Broth
era cordially
Invited to at
tenil WM T. SMI THAN, W. U
ROBERT FERGUS, "secr
P. O. y.nx '26. I5iir.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
OiS'
ki Bisbee Lodge No.
IF
M 452. meet the 2d
, and 4th Satur
days each month
at 7:30 at New
Hall vi.,.. u u rei;ows
vited "ns mmbers cordially In-
CATHERINE FIXOTTI President.
EFFIE M. JONES, Treasurer .
Box 1021 ireurer.
HONORA Mrvrir o
"u:NUKA MLNC1I. fcecretay.
Box 722.
Box 1621.
BISSEE LODGE NO. la I. o. O.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd,
Fellowp' Hall 1
Subway street, at 7:20
brothers cordially Invited to attend.
Hall phone 119. Chas. Pooley. N G
G. A. PLUNKETT. Secy.
OHOER OF EASTERN STAR
y!""w meets in Maaonlc Hab
5 Pearl Chapter No. 6, meet
4 lu Wa8ulc liall second ana
NStHa fourth Tuesday of eacH
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. HELENA RAGSDALE, W. M..
... , Phone 600
MRS JESSIE BEVAN. Sec'y. v. o
Box 22.19, Chairman RUef Com'
Phone 471.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 16.
f- V7 J Knights of Pythiaa.
!-illr n,ee,a each Tuesday
j
' -f t. J .
F.
4
r (except second) In Odd
i-K Fellows' Hall at 8:00
XtVi p. m. Visiting brother
ccrClaily invited.
I U. H. WiRBURTON. C. C.
' W. E. McCALLDM, K. of IL 8. PAGE NINE
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1919.
THE BISBEE DAILY. REVIEW
i
-
.-I
i
M
A
4
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this nead are
eents. No ads will be received later
the telephone.
For Sale
FOR SALE High powered seven-passenger
car, siv-cylinders ; cost JZGOO,
In pood condition; will sell cheap.
Address Box 107, Naco, Arizona.
1434-11-18
FOR SALE 10 White Leghorn hens
and rooster. See W. E. Baugh,
Moon Canyon. 1437-11-12
FOR SALE One good wheelbarrow.
105 Jones Canyon. 1439-1M1
FOR SALE Some drilling steel. 105
Jones' Canyon. 143 5-1 M3
FOR SALE One saddle and one heat
ing stove. Thone 57. 1432-11-13
FOR SALE A leather steamer trunk,
good condition. Room Mason ho
tel, Lowell. 1413-11-1
FOR SALE Modern cottage, four
rooms, enclosed sleeping porch.
Phono Red 516. 1410-11-16
FOR SALE Studebaker four, seven
passenger; run 7,000 miles; first
class condition, fine tires; cheap
to- cash. Phone B 298. P. O. Box
595. 1297-11-16
FOR SALE Ford roadster, engine
and tires, in good shape price $275;
easy terms arranged. F. C. Bledsoe,
Ford Garage, Johnson addition.
' " 129S-11-12
FOR SALE Ford touring car, price
$275; easy terms arranges. F. C.
Bledsoe, Ford Garage, Johnson ad
dition. 1299-11-12
FOR SALE House and lot, 50x150;
fenced, chicken house, well. IS
fruit trees; furniture, Hoosier cab
inet. Phone Green 540. 1403-11-16
FOR SALE Good oil heater. First
housa at Warren siding car stop.
Richardson. 1405-11-11
FOR SALE-IIouse. furniture and two
lots, on Tank hill. $1,600. Will take
Ford car as part payment. R. E.
Miror, Box 1039.. 1281-ll-lo
FOR SALE Six tots
Heights addition, El
trade for a good auto.
m Colonial
Paso; will
Box 1720.
1280-11-15
FURNITURE for hotel and restaurant
for sale, with privilege of renting
hotel, Naco Arizona, next to immi
gration office, Naco. i"6Sll-15
FOR SALE One new Packard piano;
one new player piano; one used
player piano. Both players have
standard action. W. Muir, Bisbee
Music Store. 1269-11-li
FOR SALE Large
condition, ?20. D.
ren. Phone 416.
heater In good
H. Landes. War-1279-11
11
FOR SALE Left in pawn, diamonds,
watches, shotguns, revolvers, at sec
ond hand prices. United Loan and
Jewe!ry Co., Brewery Gulch.
1265-tf
FOR SALE Brand new Oliver type
writer, very reasonable. Address
Box 2532, Bisbee. isll-ll-ll
FOR SALE House, furnished; terms
can be arranged. McDougall, 37
Laundry hill, Metz car stop.
1212-11-11
FOR SALE One four-room house,
Douglas street, Warren, fifth house
from Lovera stop. See owner.
Holm, for information. 1218-11-11
FOR SALE One 5-passenger Dodge,
good as new. Slag Dump Garage.
1167-tf
FOR SALE Vi -horse power. 60 eye'e,
ViO volt induction motor. Bisbee
Daily Review. 209-8-24-ttt
FOR SALE One second nand -ton
Willys utility truck, in very good
mechanical order; good body, rea
sonable price. Slag Dump Garage.
160-tf-22
FOR SALE Two Todd protectograph
check writers. E. A. Tovrea & Co.
589 Stf-17
FOR SALE Five-passenger Dort car,
first-class shope; terms; $400.00.
Slag Dump Garage. 1223-11-4-tf
FOR SALE Central Cafe, Johnson
addition, at a bargain, if sold by
Nov. 10. 1338-11-16
FOR SALE At a bargain, one five
room and one four room house, on
car lino, Tombstone canyon. Apply
at A. J. Ascher, Adams addition.
1407-11-11
FOIt SALE 10 shares of Ocotillo
Products company stock, at $12.00
pi-r share. An Arizona company,
preparing to produce high grade
' rutber from ocotillo plants. Ad
dress Frank Awbrey, ljisbee.
1408-11 11
FOR SALE-$125 will buy nue mission
dining room set. one bvl room set,
and ice box. gas nd coal range
kitchen tables and chairs., Seifi
House, Mojave Trail, Warren.
1409-11-12
WILL SELL for $1700 cash, seven-
room house, completely furnished
for three families; $5u0 worth if
impic vemrnts made on place; $800
worth of furniture; dean title, anl
fire insuarnce paid; three minutes'
walk from Hih school. No 16
Tank hill. aiid-11-16
athe rate of 1 cent per word for each insertion, with a minimum charge of 25
than 7 p. m., for insertion the next morning and no ads will be taken over
For Sale
FOR SALE Apples from Merrill
Orchard, St. David. Best flavor,
color, size. Drive out Sunday, or
write for price. V. J. Page, St.
David. 1417-Nov.l6
FOR SALE Nash
run 1,900 miles.
car, 1919 serial,
Apply 16 Tate
hill, Johnson addition. H. Rourke.
1422-11-16
FO R SALE Three-room house at 63
Quality hill; terms. Also gas range
and office desk. Phone Red 870 or
61. 1425-11-11
For Rent
FOR SALE OR RENT Small grocery
and living rooms; also rooming
house if desired; only small capital
required. Box 1397. 145011-14
FOR RENT 3-room furnished bunga
low. 14 Laundry Hill, Shearer. -
14401113
FOR RENT Seven-room house on
Vista, Warren; will rent to June 1
only. See Jesse Yoakum, p-o?ie w.
1443-11-13
FOR RENT 5-room house, partly fur
nished, on Miller Hill. W. E. Baugh,
Moon canyon. 1436-11-12
FOR RENT Yellow house on Boule
vard opposite C. A. hospital, Be
kerille. four rooms, modern, furnish
ed or unfurnished. Call after 4:30
p. m. 1451-11-16
FOR RENT Apartment, furnished.
Hayes House, Tombstone canyon.
j82-ll-14
FOR RENT Nicely frunished room,
bei-.h connecting; outside entrance,
$15.00. Mrs. Pat O'Donnell, oppo
site Ben Frankenburg's, Oak St.,
Mason hill. 1270-11-11
FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms, strictly private;
two-story yellow house, between car
line and Junior High schoor, John
son addition. 1271-11-9
FOR RENT Furnished riouseiceeplng
rooms. 49 O. K. St. 1274-Nov.ll
FOR RENT Furnished double front
room; also single room. 76 Brewery
, Gukh. 1266-11-1-19
FOR RENT Beautifully new furnish
ed rooms with running water; elec
tric lights, telephone, erery con
venience, cool rooms for Bummer,
close in. La More Hotel, O. K. St.,
near depot. tf
FOR RENT Furnished
zona Hotel Brewery
block from depot.
rooms, Ari
Guich, half
1024-11-14
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms, one batching room. Arizona
Hotel. ' 1295-11-12
FOR RENT Two new four-room con
crete houses in Bakerville. Tele
phone Greene 782. 1298-11-11
FOR RENT Three-room unfurnished
house, with kitchenette. Phone
Blue 822. 1402-Nov.l6
FOR RENT Two well furnished
rooms for light housekeeping. 80
Moon avenue. Phone .645. J. W.
Glover. 1404-Nov.l2
FOR R2NT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. Lowell Hotel.
1411-11-12
FOR RENT Furnished two - room
apartment, with bath, Adams addi
tion, opposite Lincoln school;
brown frame. v.13-11-11
FOR RENT Seven light housekeep
ing rooms. 12 Jiggerville. 1416-11-12
FOR RENT Three-room furnished
apartment, Johnson addition, $15.00,
water paid; also other large fur
nished rooms, fire place, at Custom
House. Phone 367. 1421-11-11
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Truck driver at McWhor-
ters. 1446-11-15
WANTED A first class
snoe maker.
Main street,
14H3-11-13
Electric Shoe Shop,
Bisbee, Ariz.
WANTED Good painter, day or con
tract. See S. T. Clark at new
Wright residence. Warren.
1300-11 11
WANTED Pantrymah.
Copper Queen
1272-tf
hotel.
MINK SUPERINTENDENT, fluent
Spanish. Thoroughly acquainted
wiili Mexicans and manner of hand
ling them. Proficient shrinkage
stope milling ; knowledge modern
methods; copper mining cost and
how to obtain them. Write Carnegie
Lead & Zinc Co.. Warren. Ariz., giv
ing full details first letter.
1283-11-21
WANTED Boys to sell papers on the
streets. Lots of boys are making
big money on the streets every
morning by a few hours selling The
' Bisbee Daily Review. The paper is
ready for you Trom 4 a. m. "The
early bird catches the worm."
Positions Wanted
WANTED By nurse, confinement
I cases, or maternity. Cull 16 apart
I inent. Re Arms, apartment. Phone
Black 730. 1229-Nov.lS
Miscellaneous
MATERNITY HOME on Mason hill,
will re-open November 15, superin
tended by Mrs. H. M.' Jacobs. Phone
573 Black. 1226-11-11
BUY A GOSSARD CORSET to look
well and feel well. All corsets fit
ted by Ines Warburton. Price, $2.50
up. Next to Arizona Grocery store.
1239-11-18
WE BUY AUTOMOBILES wrecked or
running; also junk of all kinds. Bis
bee Junk and Auto Wrecking Co.,
Johnson add. Tel. 54. 1091-O19tf
WARREN CLEANERS.
Phone 266.
1426-11-23
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Woman for general house
work must be experienced with
children; no washing; good home
for right party. J. J. Flanigan.
Phone 602. i4l2-ll-12
WANTED Girl for general house
work; no washing. Apply E. Marks,
Tank hill. 1340-O-30-tf
WANTED A Mexican girl for home
work. Call at Racket Jewelry
store. 145-11-12
Wanted .
WANTED Two or three local men or
women to sell stock; will make good
proposition to right parties; expe
rience unnecessary. G. A. R. Ross,
Lyric Theater building. 1435-11-13
WANTED To rent, four- or five-room
furnished house, with bath, in War
ren; no children. H. F. uttley.
Phono 220. 1427-11-16
WANTED A respectable roomer in
private family. Apply 10S School
hill. 1294-11-12
WANTED To buy a house in Tomb
stone canyon. Address Box A. Y.,
Review. l275-Nov.l5
WANTED To buy, Warren, five
or six-room house, near park, on
level. Address Box 18S7, Bisbee.
1276-11-15
WANTED To buy second hand baby
carriage, and to exchange a piano
for Victrola and records. Box 551,
Warren. . 1208-11-11
WANTED Assessment work, by two
A-l miners; contract or day's pay.
Phon.? 367. 1264-11-1':
WANTED Nursing and sewing; will
go out by day. Phone Black 512.
1257-Nov.l4
NOTICE Buy Invader or Texas ror a
winner; 5 cents up to November 15,
1919. See F. Briggs & Co., Lowell.
Phone 701. 1262-11-14
. The most complete job printing
plant in Arizona at your service.
Phono 39. Review.
LOST
LOST A bunch of keys on ring
with pocket holder. Return to Re
view. i$41-ll-12
LOST Star and crescent pin. Re
ward at Review. 1248-11-13
LOST An 18-carat gold band wed
ding ring; finder return to R. T.
Frazier. Winton Stage Line office,
ami receive $5 reward. 1420-11-11
U. S. LAND OFFiCE.
Phoenix, Oct. 9, 1919.
Survey No. 3555.
Serial No. 0429G5.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
PATENT.
Notice is hereby given that in pur
suance of the United States Minmg
Laws, Mrs. Ann Hughes, whose post
office address is Bisbee, Arizona, has
made application for patent for 149b.8
linear feet of the Black Hawk No. l
lode, 1495 linear feet of the Black
Hawk No. 2 lode, 1495 linear feet oi
the Black Hawk No. 3 lode, 1495 lin
ear feet of the Black Hawk No. 4
lode, and 1500 linear feet of the Black
Hawk No. 5 lode, situated in tne
Warren Mining Distrjct, Cochise
County, State of Arizona, as described
by the official plat herewith posted,
and by the field notes on file in tne
office of the Register of the Phoenrx
Land District, State of Arizona, a
follows, viz:
Black Hawk No. 1:
Beginning for a description of the
Black Hawk No. 1 lode, at corner No
1, when the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
28-33 T. 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B. &
M. bis. S. O. 35' E., 1560.7 ft.;
thence N. 62 17' W. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence N. 28" 55' W. 1495.8 ft.
to Cor. No. 1, the place of beginning.
Beginning for a description of tne
Black Ilowk No. 2 lode, at Cor. iso.
1, whence the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
21-28 T.. 23 S.. R. 25 E.. G. & S. It. C.
& M., bis. No. 20 II' E. 218.6 tt.;
thence S. 62 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 28 65' W. 1495 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62' 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 2S
55' E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place
of beginning.
Beginning for a description of the
Black Hawk No. 3 lode, at Cor. No.
1, whence the Vi Cor. between Sees.
21-2S T.. 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B
& M.. brs. N. fi" 16' W. CC3 ft.;
thence S. US' IT E. 600 ft. to Cor.
uis at Work
LONDON The Marquis of Choi
mondeley unloading eggs with evi
dent enjoyment during the great
British rail strike. ; :He was one of
many noniemen wno worked as
strikebreakers.
No. 2; thence S. 28 55' W. 1495 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence X. 62 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 28s 55'
E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place or
beginning.
Beginning for a description of tne
Black Hawk No. 4 lodge, at Cor. No
1, whence the Cor. between Sees
21-28 T., 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B
& M., brs. N. 52 17' W. 1247.6 ft.;
thence S. 62" 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence N. 28 55' W. 1495.8 ft
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 25
55' E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place
of beginning.
Beginning for a description of tne
Elack Hawk No. 5 lode, at Cor. No. 1,
whence the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
21-28, T. 23 S., R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B.
& M., brs. N. 20" 11' E. 218.6 ft.j
thence N. 28" 55' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 62 17' E. 1500 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence S. 28 55' 600 ft.
to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 62" 17' W.
1500 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place of be
ginning, " '
containing 103.019 acres, and forming
a portion of sections 21 and 28, in
township 23 South, range 25 East, of
Gila and Salt River Base and Meri
dian in Arizona.
The location notices of these mines
are recorded in the office of tne
County Recorder of Cochise County,
Arizona, in Book 52, page 163, Book
59, page 457, Book 52, page 165, Eook
59, page 458, and Book 53, page 4:0,
respectively, of Record of Mines.
Adjoining claimants are on tne
South and West Old Beck, Happy
Find and Charlotte, all unsurveyed,
and owned by J. Muhelm.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely any portion of. said mines or
surface ground, are required' to file
thefr adverse claims with the Regis
ter of the United States Land Office
at Phoenix, in the State of Arizona,
during the sixty days period of publi
cation hereof, or they will be barred
by virtue of the provisions of tne
statute.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
For United States Patent,
Mineral Survey No. 3494
Serial No. 042740,
United States Land Office, Phoe
nix, Arizona, Sept. 11, 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
Phelps Dodge Corporation, whose
post-office address is Bisbee, Arizona,
has made application for patent for
the following named lode mining
claims, situate in the Warren Min
ing District, Cochise County, Arizona:
"HORSE SHOE"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725. Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 0 36' W
4014.9 feet; thence S. 38 04' E,
1500.0 feet to Coiner No. 2; thence
S. 45 S5' W. COO.O feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 38' 12' W. 1499.6
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 45
35' E. 603.6 feet to Corner No. 1.
the place of beginning. Containing
total area of 20.590 acres; expressly
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 1803. "CLIMAX" lode, of
0.473 acres. The presumed course
of the vein on the cla'.m is from the
east end center N. SS 04' 1500.0
feet.
"UNION"
.Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Min
ing: District, bears N. 13 20' 30" E.
3471.8 feet: thence S. 34 29' E
1500.0 feel, to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 45 35' W. 603.6 feet to Corner
No. S; thence N. 34' 21' W. 1500.6
feet to Corner Nv. 4; tUeuco N. 15
35' 11 600.0 feet to Coiner No. 1,
A Mara
ftr ' lit I
r fs ' v
in ; $4
Lit f -v '
rfh r h
the place of beginning. Containing
a net area of 20.412 acres. The pre
sumed course cf the vein on thia
claim is from the west end center S
34" 29' E. 1500.0 feet.
"ELK"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 3 33' 30" E.
5377.9 feet; thence S. 66 13' E.
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 24 45' W. 600.0 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 65 13' W. 1500.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 24"
45' E. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 1,
the place of beginning. Containing
total area of 20.661 acres; expressly
excluding area in conflict with
"HORSE SHOE" lode of thia survey
of 4.336 acres; also area in conflict
with "CENTURY" lode, Survey No.
2553, exclusive of its conflict with
"HORSE SHOE" lode of this survey,
3.216 acres. The presumed course
of the vein on this claim is from the
east end center N. 65" 13' W. 1500.0
feet.
The location notices of said claims
upon which this application is based,
is recorded in the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County, Ari
zona, as follows:
"HORSE SHOE", Book 14, Records
of Mines, page 500,
"UNION". Book 15, Records of
Mines, pages 101-102,
"ELK", Book 50, Records of Mines,
pages 744-745.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the East "CLIMAX" lode,
Survey No. 1803,. Bisbee Townsite
Survey, and "CENTURY" lode. Sur
vey No. 2553; on the South "CEN
TURY" lode. Survey No. 2553; on
the West "EQUINOXIAL" lode, un
surveyed, owned by H. Finotti.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
For United States patent,
Mineral Survey No. 3490.
Serial No. 042741.
United States Land Office; Phoe
nix, Arizona, Sept. 11, 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
Pbelp3 Dodge Corporation, whose
post-office address is Bisbee, Ari
zona, has made application for pat
ent for the following named lode min
ing claims, situate in the Warren
Mining ; District, Cochise County, Ari
zona:
"MAYDAY"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Mining
District, bears N. 38 26' W. 6200.9
feet; thence S. 48 47' E. 1369.3 feet
to corner No. 2; thence S. 22 35
W. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence
N. 48 47' W. 1369.3 feet to Corner
No. 4; thence N. 2235' E. 600.0 feel
to Corner No. 1, the place of begin
ning. Containing a total area or
17.872 acres, expressly excluding the
surface ground only in conflict with
Bisbee Townsite Survey, consisting
of 2.066 acre. The presumed course
of the vein on this claim i3 from
east end center N. 48' 47' W. 1369.3
feet.
. "MISSING LINK"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725. Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 38 15' W.
5533.2 feet; thence S. 76 37' E.
600.0 feet the Corner No. 2; thence
S. 22 35' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 76 37' W. 600.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 22
35' E. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 1, the
place of beginning. Containing a
total area of 20.405 acres, expressly
excluding the surface ground only in
conflict with Bisbee Townsite Sur
vey, consisting of 5.054 acres. The
presumed course of the vein on this
claim is fronv the north end center
S. 22 35' W. 1500.0 feet.
"BISBEE"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 33 48' W.
6512.9 feet; thence S. 48 47' E. 13G9.3
feet to Corner No. 2; thence S. 22
35' W. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 3;
thence N. 48 47' W. 1369.3 feet to
Corner No. 4; thence N. 22" 35' E.
600.0 feet to Corner No. 1, the place
of beginning. Containing a total
area of 17.872 acres, expressly ex
cluding surface ground only in con
flict with Bisbee Townsite Survey,
consisting of 16.761 acres. The pre
sumed course of tne vein on the
claim is from the west end center
S. 4S 47' E. 1369.3 feet.
The location notices of said claims,
upon which this application is based,
is recoided in the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County, Ari
zona, as follows:
"MAY DAY". Book 31, Records of
Mines, page 389,
"MISSING LINK", Book 32. Rec-
"BISBEE", Book 54, Records of
Mines, page 21.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the South, Bisbee Townsite
Survey and "BROD1E" lode, unsur
veyed, owned by P. Lombard! Estate;
on the West "FRACTION" lode,
unsurveyed, and "BELLE ISLE No.
1" lode, Survey No. 3477.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
For United States Patent.
Mineral Survey No. 3576.
Serial No. 042974.
United States Land Office, Phoe
nix, Arizona, Sept. 15, 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
Phelps Dodge Corporation, whose
post-office address is Bisbee, Arizona,
has made application for patent for
the tollowing named lodo mining'
claim, situate in the Warren Mining
District, Cochise County, Arizona:
"REMAINDER"
Beginning at Corner No. 1. whence
tho S. E. corner of Section 27, Town
ship 23 South. Range 24 East. G. &
S. It. B. & M. bears S. 30 50' 30"
E. 2S15.2 feet; thence S. 64' IS' W.
352.3 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 86 15' W. 210.0 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 45 26' W. 9180
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 64"
18' E. 526.1 feet to Corner No. 6;
. i i. ici rvv i T.1 n n il n . . t
Ilium w o. to VO i. ifJJ.U ICCL KKI
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning.!
Containing a total area of 11.156!
acres; expressly excluding area iuj
conuici. wnn survey po. ioj, - ahju
OC" lode of 5.1S acres. TUe pne
sumed courbe of the vein in this
claim is from the east end center
N. 45" 03' W. 999.0 feet.
The location notice of said "RE
MAINDER" claim, upon which this
application is based, is recorded in
the office of the County Recorder or
Cochise County, Arizona, in Book 32,
Records of Mines, at page 352.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the East "CONTENTMENT";
lode. Survey No. 1392; ou the South!
"MARTIN" lode. Survey No. 1872 and
"MASCOT" lode, Survey No. 1743; on.
the West "MODOC" iode, Survey NoJ
1392. i
J. L, IRVIN, ,
Register, j
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
For United States Patent,
Mineral Survey No. 3493.
Serial No. 042739.
United States Land Office Phoe
nix, Arizona, Sept. 11, 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
Phelps Dodge Corporation, whose
post-office address is Bisbee, Ari
zona, has made application for pat
ent for the following named lode
mining claims, situate in the War
ren Mining District, Cochise County,
Arizona :
"WREN"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 8 56' E.
7147.4 feet; thence S. 5 24' W.
602-.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence S.
60" 38' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No.
3; thence N. 5 24' E. 602.0 feet to
Corner No. 4; thence N. 60" 38' E
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 1, the place
of beginning. Containing . net area 1
of 17.029 acres. The presumed!
course of the vein on this claim is1
from the east end center S. 60 38'
W. 1500.0 feet. !
"BLUE BIRD" j
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence!
(the corner of Sections 5, 6, 7 and 8,i
Township 23 South, Range 24 East, I
G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. 65 33' E.'i
915.9 feet, and) U. S. M. M. No. 1725,!
Warren Mining District, bears N. 1 i
52' W. 6348.8 feet; thence S. 5 24'!
W. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
c (. w ir.nnn foot rwnor :
o. j; tneuce in. o - Vj. ou-.u leei
to Corner No. 4; thence N. 61 30'
E. 1498.9 feet to Corner No. 1, the
place of beginning. Containing a net
area of 17.165 acres. The presumed
course of the vein on this claim is
from the east end center S. 61 26'
W. 1500.0 feet.
The location notices of said claims,
upon which this application i3 based,
is recorded in the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County as
follows:
"WREN", Book 50, Records of
Mines, pages 745, 746,
"BLUE BIRD", Book 38, Records
of Mines, page 127.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the East "CENTURY" loJe,
Survey No 2553, "BISBEE QUEEN"
lode, unsurveyed, owned by C. W.
Ranibo; on the South "WINNEBAGO"
lode Survey No. 3384, "KNICKER
BOCKER" lode. Survey No. 3407,
"SILVER LEAD" lode, Survey No.
3456, and "DIAMOND FRACTION"
lode, unsurveyed, owned by C. W.
Ramba J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
Painting and Paper Hanging
All My Work Is Guaranteed
Satisfactory.
Let Me Give An Estimate on
Your Work.
J. JANCICH, P. O. Box 833.
Lowell Wood & Coal Co.
Phone 630
COAL WOOD HAY
GRAIN
Now Is the Time to
Order Your Fuel
DR. R. GLAZE
Specialist, Eye Nerve Glasses
ARTIFICIAL EYES
Opposite Baptist Church. Main Street
Phone 156 Bisbee, Ariz.
Border Stage Line
BISBEE NOGALES
Leaves Bisbee 1 P. M.
Leaves Nogales 1 P. M.
Via Tombstone, Ft. Huachuca
and Patagonia.
mjm,'wj.'iA.iiu t VJU'Ja,'F,,
B
Collins & Brelherton
Insurance, All Kinds.
Real Estate, All Kinds.
Homes furnished or Unfurnished
For Salo and Rent.
Employer's Liability
L. T. FRAZIER, Mgr.
Phone 26 Box 2210
Copper Qtieea Md and High-Class Cafe j
The best of cvervthing at reasoinble a la carte prices. 1
A Special 75c luncheon Jail v. Also 1.25 dinner from
5 :30 to 7 :30 p. m. Regular Board 1 y the month $15.00 I
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber . Co., 3oston, Ooluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN. NEW YORK ND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COFFER STOCK
COLLINS
AND
BRETHERT0N
BROKERS
ALL CURB STOCKS
North Tigre Leasing Co.
25 CENTS PER SHARE
JACK BLDG., MAIN STREET
f PHONE 26 BOX 1129
COPPER CITY
Carpenters and Cabinetmakers
4 C's JOB SHOP
Counter, Shelving, Store, Fixtures
and General House Repairs.
LOWELL, Opposite Brophy Garage
1
MADAM J. RE A KEYS
CLARIVOYANT AND CRYSTAL
READER
BORN, NOT MADE
The wise man investigates, the fool
never does. To which class tlo you be
long? io positive am 1 of my power
to teil the past, pn-sent and future,
and exactly what you- wish to know
tnat I will make no charge uniesa you
obtain perlect satisfaction and find
me superior to all other clarivoyants.
The future can he told, teek and
you shall find success, harmony,
peace, power and happiness.
Located permanently next door to
Lowell Waitinir iloom. Oiiice Hours
a. m. to 7 p. m. Office l'hone 62.
1 Kesideuce Phone 521.
J
DR. PLAYFAIR
Osteopath
98 Mason Hill Mason Hill Car Slc,
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
COAL
WOOD
HAY
GRAIN
Chicken Feed
Phone 121 Office Below
Copper Queen Hotel
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
EC
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER & STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence Phone 804
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. OK ST.
Phone 667 Res. Red. 867
JOHN P. STEFFES
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
Reinforced Concrete and Brick
Construction
Roofing, Jobbing CEMENT WORK
jA CLEAN TOOTH NEVER DECAYS
j It pays to have your u-eih cleaned
l every six months. Dr. J. F. Teufert,
C. H. HOG AN
PHONE 121
Fire Insurance
Auto Insurance
Real Estate
Lecal Blanks
Office below
Copper Queen Hotel
C. II. HOGAN
PHONE 121 PAGE TEN
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1919
OPTICAL FIRM
IN THIS CITY
HOW U.S. ARMY IS GUARDING WILDEST PART
DF MEXICAN BORDER ALONG THE TEXAS LINE
N
UmIulj m mm lit -1 )L,
. . kR r, '
i u ' - v ' s-...-" moras er.
Fillin? wiat is described as a long
felt vf.nt in liisbee, the Arizona Op
tical company, which has established
an enviable business roputation in
Nov.f'cs, has decided to open offices
hr?. and has been locntoti in the
M-ir-o building since the first vl the
month.
Tho local offices are under the
cTiiirRP of Dr. Robert C. Hall, who
enmm with hisb. recommencntvjns
from Xogales. Dr. Hall is ortgmally
from 'Fort Wayne, Ind., where he was
connected for many years' with the
largest firm of optometrists in the
The office of the company in Bis
b"e has been equipped with alll the
niost modern instruments and appa
ratus for the thorough examination of
eyes and the proper fitting of glasses.
In addition, a complete workshop for
grinding lenses and duplicating or re
pairing broken glasses is maintained.
;The personnel of the company Is to
be composed only of men who are de-
oting themselves entirely to optical
work and who have years of expe
rience behind them.
The main offices of the company in
Nogales are under the direction of
Dr. M. O. Wuerschmidt, who decided
upon placing a branch in Bisbee after
a thorough examination of the south
ern Arizona field. The main office,
as the branch here, is completely
equipj ed and has been giving efficient
service in the border city since its es
tablishing here.
WARDEN NOTES
4The residence of Mr. Ivan Burgess
is progressing rapidly. Mr. Charles
Clasen ,the contractor, says, it will be
ready for occupansy by the first of
the new yea. . , .
Mr. Brostrom has been improving
his residence with a new roof.
The large two-story bricft residence
of John Wilson Ross on Shattuck
street, is finished. This is one of the
handsomest resdences in that part of
the district.
Mr. Mathewson on Nancy street Is
improving his place with a new garage.
Upper Left, boundary patrol fording one of the numerous small streams; Upper Right, one
of the soldiers in the camp at La Jita, Texas, with some of his pets: Lower Ri?ht. scoon-
ing sand and mud away from .the buried wheels of their truck ; Lower Left, an unusual I proved
sigm irucK Dunea in mua ana sana aimost-to the body, with its driver figuring out th
best way to get her out. . ...
The people of Warren are to have
a church, which is now unrer construction.
Mrs. M. C. Ryan, who has been ill
at her home in Warren is much im-
N.
By R. P. DORMAN
E. A. Staff Correspondent
SANTA HELENA,' Tex.. Nov. 8.
Of all the 1200 miles of border that
Uncle Sam patrols to keep the festive
Mexican bandit on his own side of
the line, the most difficult Is that
part in Texas, and known as the Big
Bend district.
Extending from Sierra Blanca on
the west to Del Rio on the east, its
territory comprises some 7500 miles.
Its border line total 600 miles and
Santa Helena is the farthest point
from the railroad, 125 mis.
It is a land of. towering mountains
and barren flats, blistering heat and
torrential rainfalls, a Ind whose in
habitants are few and far apart,
Americans in name, but speaking
only the tongue of their Mexican
forefathers.
Strangers Viewed With Suspicion
The stranger is viewed with suspi
cion by all constituted authority. The
wilderness and vastness of the coun
try tend to make easy the work of
the gun runner and the smuggler.
No matter with what credentials you
may be armed, your pathway i3 be
set with searching questions and sus
picious looks.
Today it. may be a Texas ranger
who wants you to give an account
of yourself. Tomorrow it may be
the customs riders of Uncle Sam,
who halt you with the same object.
Or again it may be an army patrol,
or should you happen upon one of
the many patrol stations located on
Special Notice
HEMSTITCHING
We have installed in our
Tailor Shop machines for
hemstitching and picot and
are prepared to accept or
ders for this kind of work
produced in excellent man
ner. Work done while you
wait.
FRUITM AN'S
Fashion Shop
the river the officer In command will
greet you , with "an instant demand
for your business there.
Many a man has been unceremoni
ously escorted to the railroad.
I almost met the same fate when
Interviewed by two customs men at
Santa Helena.
I had shown them credentials
which would have . passed me any
where among the allies during the
late .war, but the only satisfaction I
got, was the reply, given in a slow
drawl:
"Well, young ' man, . you may be
what you say, but my advice to you
is to get out of here immediately. No
white man comes here for any good."
Big Bend road3 are roads Jn name
only. They string out across t barren
flats which the almost incessant
rains have turned into veritable seas
of. mud, or pass between the hills
through narrow defiles which afford
passage to the streams of water
drained from the rocky slopes.
But no matter what the cost or the
difficulties encountered," the men of
the border patrol must be fed and
supplied.
Hours Are Days If Rains Sets In.
Daily the boys of the M. T. C.
(Motoi Transport Corps) drice their
trucks over the alleged roads. If the
weather man has been kind, and it
has not rained for a couple .of days,
their trip may be a matter of hours.
Put, should it have rained, as is gen
erally the' case, then' the trip may
easily become a matter of days.. With
the trucks sunk almost to the body,
they must dig out the wheels, jack
up the car, and fill the holes with
rocks.
Of if there are two of them, one
may pull the other out, more often
only succeeding in becoming stuck
itself.
The men on the border must of
necessity provide most of their own
amusement. -About the only break
in the dreary monotony of their life
is a patrol from one station to an
other. ; The patrol stations , average
about 20 miles apart
A patrol, usually consisting of foifr
men, rides from one station to an
other, spends the night there, and
returns to the home station the next
day.
Daily the men must stand reveille
and retreat.
This is a new order just issued
from the district headquarters at
Marfa.
Outside of this the men are pretty
generally left to their own devices.
Collecting dogs seems the most
popular amusement.
Dogs of various breeds, 'colors,
sizes and dispositions overrun the
camps.
His dogs, and his looking forward
to the day when "watchful waiting"
will be a. thing of the past, are about
the only interests in the life of the
men faithfully guarding the border.
CAN TUBERCULOSIS BE CUREDT
Dr. Glass has posi
tive proof he is able
to cure Tuberculosis
by Inhalation In U7
climated. -
For farther Info
matlon address T.
F. GLASS INHA.
LENT CO., SUITE
M2, MASON BLDG.,
LOS ANGELHS,
J3R
Prof William S. Knowlton of Mon
scn. Me., who is 80 years old, is now
teaching the 50th year as principal of
the Abbot high school.
The famil yot Javk Royal are leav
ing next week to spend the winter in
California.
WHEN JHE KIDDIES
SUFFER FROM COLDS
Give them pleasant-to-take;
helpful Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey
CHILDREN romp around and
play and become overheated. A
cold often results. It should not
be neglected one instant. Give thera
Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey. It is very
pleasant to take and its ingredients are
sure to ease the tickling throat. It
helps in relieving irritation and phlegm
congestion. Clear the air passages.
Take Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey
yourself for that heavy cold. What it
does for thousands of others it un
doubtedly will do for you.
All druggists. 30c., 60c., $1.20.
OnSBBBaEnDBBDa n i i imUim.;
Warren Park
7 V 0 M 9
out its
cosy nere
A good oil heater filled with Pearl
Oil gives comfortable warmth with
out dust and dirt. Lights at the
touch of a match gives instant'
heat. No smoke, no odor. Economi
cal. Oil consumed only when heat
is needed no waste.
Pearl Oil is refined and re-refined
by our special process which makes
it clean burning. For sale in bulk
by dealers everywhere the same
high-quality kerosene as .the Pearl
Oil sold in five-gallon cans. There
is a saving by buying in bulk. Order
by name Pearl Oil.
We recommead Perfection Oil Heaters
STANDARD OIL" COMPANY
((California).
pi Aa e
(KEROSENE)
HEATAND.LIGHTi
ORE THROAT
or Tonsilitis, gargle
with .warm salt
water, then apply
ICft'S VAP0R1
YOUR BODYGUARD" -30f.
60.l.20
Today, 10:30
A
mericam Legion
vs.
poQOJAX Keeps the Family Well
Uoa'i let Che liver remain inactive when Po
Do-Lax so easily and promptly gets a free
bile-flow started and removes the pouonoui
Waste from young and old ystem. Po-Do
1 ,.-ir la a smooth, comfortable laxative. 60c
19th Maimtry
d
mission
Subscribe "for the REVIEW
Put it in the Cup
rT TT--V T 1 .1. 1
I titiN pour on boiling hot water and
the coffee is ready. Dissolves instantly.
Strength regulated to suit taste by the quan
tity used. Pure coffee absolutely soluble
retaining all the delicious flavor and quality.
No coffee-pot needed
G. Washington Sales Co., fnc.7
334 Fifth Ave., New York
&(aA in tA cap at tte I
Just as you do S
Absolutely Pure Delicious
ugar
Coffee
COFFEE
Originated by Mr. Washington in 1009
r.U
I
n
CALIFORNIA. tm-.