Give That Others May Live---February 10th to 17th
WEATHER
LITTLE ADS
i
j
t
t
1
1
i
Sunday fair, warmer;
Monday, fair south,
colder in north.
VOL. 21, NO. 234.
C"3 era r
f i k. ,
M f t
la
TAX BILL
Adoption by Senate Expected
Tomorrow or Tuesday ;
Democrats Claim This Year
Levies of Measure Too Lew
Members Agreed That Expen
ditures of Nation for 1919
Will Total $20,000,000,000
and $10,000,000,000 Next:
Vy R-xaVw Leasae.1 Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. S The liouse
tor.ight concluded its work on the rec
ord breaking war revenue bill by i
adopting, 310 to 11. after six hours '
discussion the conferees" agreement
on the measure. It now goes to the
senate for final approval, which is ex-;
petted early next week. j
The conference report, which pro- ;
poses to raise six billion -dollars- in
taxes this year and more than four
billions anncally until repealed, will 7
be taken up by the senate immediately ;
afier disposal of the woman suffrage ;
resolution Monday, or. if delayed, on '
Tuesday. Its adoption by the senate
and approval by President Wilson are
regarded as assured.
Duiicg the debate in the house f
dT. democratic and republican lead-'
ers joined in declaring the bill's tax
levies too low. both tor this year ;
and 1S2. and predicted that higher
taxes must be provided by the aet
coa cress.
Child Labor Oppcsed
Opposirioa to the report was not .
baed. however, on its tax imposts, but
to minor amendments, particularly the !
child libor legislation. On the final
roil call seven democrats Blackburn,
Alabama; Dies and Eaytnm. Texas."
and Humphreys, Sission. Stephens ;
and Venable. Mississippi voted with i
foar republicans. Dyer, Missouri; ;
Lantt'ey and Powers, of Kentucky, and J
Sells of Tennessee against the con-:
ference draft. A motion by Represen
ta;ive Venable to re-commit the bill:
i.nd strike oat the child labor seotioa
ai deJeated. ITi to 1Z.
Besides tne child labor provision.
s-everal houe members criticized as ;
"a piiiauce" "the $o0 pay losus pto-.
Tiaed for persons discharged from -military
servic.
Represcntative Kitchin, democratic '
leader, made the principal address
ccmmendir.g the bill as a whole, but
declaring it should have irr. posed high
er taxes and that it would not meet
future requirements. He expressed
the belief that expenditures this year
would totil 52-.i"ji'irv.txio and $10,
i:ii.i;i,0,ft'i) in 1?20. and that by the
end of the next fi?-cal year the bonds
outstanding would aggregate
(m'J,1""j. He explained, however, that "
to enact the bill and take $1.7t.f'0.
OoO more than unaer exirting law from
profiteers'" charged with conducting
propaganda against its p3fcsE.Re. tue
house conferees mere compelled to
give and take. He also declared that
before the lu per cent semi-luxnry '
taxes become efT?-tive April 1. next,
legislation for their repeal or modi
fication would Ia? forthcoming.
Advocates Budget Committee
Ilepresentaiives Kordney of Mich
igan, and Moore of Pennsylvania, re-'
publican conferees, also declared the
bills' taxes would be insufficient.
while Representative Rainey of Illi
nois, a ciemocrati'.- conferee, asserted
there nw?t be immediate revision of
the tariff.
All cf the conferec-s criticized va
rious features of the bill and Mr.
Moore referred to it as a "forbidding
measure'" and a "chamber of financial
horrors."
Representative Rainey declared that
it was illogical in many respects and
would meet with "violent criticism."
He also agreed with Mr. Kitchin that
nxt year's expenditures would be
1",00 i.imo.fMto and advocated a budget
cornmittoe to brin? about economy in
appropriations. Heavy federal estate
taxes also were urged by Mr. Riiney.
who declared there now nre 30.000
American millionaires. 22.000 of yhr.m
rre created bv the war.
S PASSED
BT HOUSE
PTfPl ft
'Bootlegger' I&
Held as Slayer
OfNilandBoij
i Bv Review Leas3 'Wire)
YUMA, Ariz., Feb. 8.
A convicted "bootlegger,"
giWng his name as Rice Bo
gan, was arrested here late
today on suspicion of impli
cation in the murder cf 1 7-year-cld
Henrj' Butler at
Niland, Cal., on January' 31 .
Began had just been fined
$200 for selling liquor when
Deputy Sheriff Matlock of
Imperial county, Cal., took
him into custody again.
When first arrested Bogan
had $1300 hi currency in
his possession. Police offi
cers said that papers found
cn him showed that he had
been under arrest at Stock
ton, Cal., and that he had
served a term in Folsom
penitentiary, Cal. The But
ler boy was found choked to
death.
LOWER WAGES If!
mm
Reduction in Copper PricJ
Forces Change; Higher
Scale Later
Xctkes are beii's posted todny. ad
visics employes of the various com
panies in this district and at the
smei.ers in Douglas of a reluction iu
wages to becc.me cttective tomorrow.
eb-carylO.
This action does not come as a
sarprise to the employes, as it has
Wen kuowc for some time that there
Iiave teen practically uo sales of cop
per since tie armistice was signed.
As a matter of fact, the cancellation
of large contracts for copper by the
government, upon the signing of the
amlM'i-e. has placed the copper pro
ducers in the position of really havins;
to carry the entire production since
early ia October. Notwithstanding
this condition, the employes have been
paid on the basis of rs-cent copper
until the present time.
In spiiying the sliding waae scale.
t.e Engineering ani Mining Journal
sverEse quotation Tor the previous
month is used, but tnere being no
sales and consequently no quotation,
iu January, the producers- ia Arizona,
bare adopted 20 cents as the basis for
February wage adjiistrnent on and
a'ter February 10. In view of the
fact fiat copper was quoted for the
fim wek ot February at between IS
and 19 cents per pound, and a num
ber of sales were made at that price,
the 2t-ceat basis for February wa.se
!s considered quite fair to the men.
Wages Under Arrangement.
UnJer this arrangement, the miner
will receive during the rcm--iinder c'
the month. $5.35 per day, the mucker
$5.10 per clay. Mechanics who have
been receiving $6.35 per day will now
iec4e $5.60 per day. Mexican labor,
Tormeiiy rece.iving 3.45 per day will
sow receire 52.S5 per day. For the
present the companies do not expect
to reduce wages below the lS-cent
; crisis even if the price of copper
should go below that point, as due.
consideration must be given to the
! present hiqh cost of livins:. In recog
nition of the high cost of living, how
. ever, it is pciited out that the new
v.ase sca!e is 75 cents per day higher
than the old sale. ai:d conditions
may arise which will compel a further
reduction if tbe price should dron be
low is cents.
Realizing the seriousness of the sit
uation, and desiring to continue its
' helpful co-operation, the department
of labor requested the employes of
the copper companies in Arizona. New
Mexico. 1'iah and Montana to send
dtleeates to meet in Washington on
January :ll for the purpose of discuss
ing the situation and arriving at some
understanding a to what the attitude
of labor should be in the various ccp
; per camps in assisting to solve this
erioui problem. For, it was fully
realized by the department that t!:e
cxrerjition of the employes and fh
r
tContinud ot Tuge Two)
mmm
THE BISBEE DAILY
3
i3
AGREE MEN'
U. S.
Naval Officer Is Ordered to
Take Charge of Arrange
ments Necessaiy for Pro
posed Trip Across Ocean
WASHINGTON. Feb. S Navy avi
ation e-cp?rts are planning a flic lit
across the Atlantic. Commander Joan
H. To .vers was ordered today to take
charge of the "development if plans
of assembly of material and person
nel for the proposed traus-Athtr.t C
night."
When the project of a trans-Atlantic
flight was urged he:e by Major
General Biancker of the British air
service last year, it was brought out
that the shortest distance would be
from Newfoundland to tliv Irish coast.
This is approximately 2000 miles, ar.d
given a plane capable. of a sjrined
speed of 100 miles an hour, it co-tld e
made in 2 hours. So far as kiioii.
hov.ever. uo plane has yet btv;i i?u;.
which could mitf" the trip wuhc it
stepping for re-fuellfi.
The route most generally favored
in naval circles, however, is' via the
Azores, with a stop at the islands for
fuel and oil. Some officers ftvored a
half-way trip to re-fuel from a c.e
strcyer. if it considered impossible to
make the trip in a single flight.
In a general way it has been said
heretofore that the crew of any plane
attempting 'to cross the Atlantic
would be composed of at least five
men; to pilots to provide relief at
the levers. to mechanics, to car
for the engines and a navigation offi
cer to chart the course.
As to wesiher conditions, it was
said that probably not before Jur.e
would conditions become stable
e:iough to warrant an attempt. An
other q.uet i-ertod octurs in eatiy fsll.
It is regarded as doubtful fiat all
preparations coaid be made by the
summer period, although this is one
of the things Commander Tower win
have to determine by careful study.
SENATOR THOMPSON
IS SERIOUSLY ILL
ltv KtvU-w l.a0 YViiei
PHOCxIX. Ariz., Feb. S. it was an
nohnced at the capital late today that
Senator T. P. Thompson of Santa
Cruz was seriously ill with influvaza.
His physician stated that tne ,-enator
was delirious a portion of thev time
and that his condition w.is serior.s.
With Ser.atcr "Thompson aose.t
from the legislature. Santa Urrz at
pre.-ent is without a representative,
as ilei,reser.tatie Bavm;.a is out of
the city on business.
"STRANGLE R" LEWIS
WILL MEET STETCHER
(Ky Review Ie:J Wl-O
CHICAGO. Feb. S Ed (Str.-ngler
Lev. is of Iexingion. K;-" chr.llenuer
for the heavyweight wrest li!i; ciiam
pionsuip and Joe Stecher of IXide.
Neb., the former champion, were
.matched tonieht to meet in a finish
conte3 hero March 3 for a p'.re of
?10.ft0. The winner will receive
ffl'HMi and the loser S4i'0't i;i addition
to t!c- motion picture pri i'etes.
CORONER TO PROBE
WRECK AT FLORENCE
t".- Review I.-;isi!l AViret
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Feb. S. It was re
ported from Floience today that a cor
oner's inquest and an investieation
will be held Monday of the collision
yesterday of two Arizona Eastern
work cars in which one man was kill
ed and 11 injined. All the men hurt
are reported from the hospital to be
well on the way to recovery.
J. E. Lovejoy. superintendent of the
Arizona Eastern, said today that'eo.-.-trary
to the first report of the act i
dent. the two motor work cars were
not traveling at a Inch rate of speed.
One of them he said, was not poiri
more than 20 miles an hour, while the
other was doing no better than lour
miles.
U. S. -AIRMEN
PLiFLIS
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1919.
?I
Senate Passes
P. O. Bill for
300 lilillion
( Kv Review l.-asM Wire
WASHINGTON. Feb. 8.
The annual posteffice ap
prcDriation bill Cc.rrving a
toicVof $300,000,000 and
presiding for the expendi
ture of $200,000,000 addi
tional fcr road -building in
the i?c.Mi throe years, were
passed today in the senate
without a record vote. The
measure now gees to con
iererce. .
T.e prir.cip?.! fight over
the bill was on the commit
tee? amendment, aoprcpri
atirc, $200,000,000 for con
struction cf rosd?. $50,000,
000 of which would be
Bvaiir.'e this vear.
Certain Clauses to Be Refer
red to Sub-Committee
for Clarification
PARIS. Feb. S tUritish wireless ser
vice'. The official statt a;e;il is-ued
today ia ihe laeciing last . gi t of
the peace v'oraerence coramissioa oa
a society tf nations says:
' "The commission on the society of
-nations mo; on ..he evening o! I-ebra-'
ary T ar.c. continued its disitissiou of
articles c; t: e draft. Substantial agree
. meat re ached by the commission
on the cU?cf Pv i -ts viisussed. The
comiuissioa decided, lu-wevor. that
. ct-rt :.i:i clauses of the draft should be
' rv.ierrtd to a sub-committee of four T
' clatifior.tio
la order that te srrrai-
est tossihle rvji.rt-ss miglit be made
w;,a ihe draft it was decided J-o re
suroe the ciscussK n on rhe morni:".?;
of Vebiuary S at ltf:3 o'clock."
The fi ".lowing official cvN..ianui.ica-tiC:-.
vas i-sjL-d today:
"At 10:10 o'clock this mcrair.s
1 Hotel ie Crilkm the comniiskou -.
the losine cf r.ations held a meeting
which as ro.srhoi by the same ac
cord of view that has characterised its
prtxious st.-siotis.
I "A; the cm; "of this meeting the
? committee finds itself r.eari.ig the end
of its tak. Only few articles of
the vlraft remain to bo presented for
mally to the members of the com
mission. A tew mtttf'ts, referred tn
th.e drafting committee fcr clarifica
th.n. stiii require reference back to
the comaiission and certain poiius
previously accepted may be reopened
thr discussion before the commission
makes its report to the conference.
"SI. Ricci Busatti was ncmed to
represent the Italian delegation on
the sccrc tai iat. The committee, will
meet atrain at 10:110 Monday inornlnj.
"t)n Sunday at'iernon the drafting
committt-v ahtve referred to consist
ing of :-aul Hynians (Belgium l; Leon
. Barrge is (France I; Lord Robert Ce
cil (Great Britain); and M. VeniiCl's.
(Greece i. will, meet at the Hotel Ma
jestic in order 10 prepare a report for
'the-iext meeting of l!H connsossiou."
UTAH DELEGATION
ARRIVES AT PHOENIX
PHOEN'IX. Ariz.. Feb. S Late to
day the "lost" Utah delegation arrived
in Phoenix to take up with the lesiN
lature the quest ion of Utah's ;:equii 'ins:
the strip of northern Aritona north
of the Grrnd canyon. The departure
of the ! legation from Salt Iake City
was :;nnouiioed last Monday and sim e
that time the house anil senate have
started a niiri.iMire war over the ques
tion ii their reception, the house, aft
er naming its own committee fin-illy
' informing the senate that (he gover
nor's committee, approved by the up
per hou-e. would not be re'ot:iii'ed
by the representatives.
Th.- I'tnh oVlertittion p-olably will
be received oltiiiallv Mon.hiv.
A?? s rnniir n ail
iVi Pa j H
W U 1 i
TT7T TUT nn A
n
AHHESTS
'cmpanies Continue Hoisting
Ore Despite General Strike
Called by I. W. '.; Re
duced Forces Will Operate
3UTTE. Mont.. Feb. S. According
to ir.irsC operators tcn-ght, more than
75 per cent or -something !ess than
30C0 miners v-.o were vyefking at
the time the strike was called were '
at thsii aaks today.
I'l'TTlv M.nt.. Feb. S. With
United Stntes troops patrolling the
appri;i .ts to the principal mines of
hr iVtte dlifrict tonight, the ccm
1 ar.it s ivm'.;ii''d foisting ore. al
th ;vt::h with greatly resluced fen-es.
Cespite a .?!!e.;l strike call iss-.-ed
lai i-.i--ht y the indi:si:ii Workers
v:f the Wo. Id ia protest avatnt a
wagt- reduction ot $1 a c.ay because
s. ut!i,!C i t the prii-e of copper.
Twenty strikers w i-e trresiod lo--i
.y by pi!.icetien ar.d k-pu:. iio;u
the shcii.i's otfice and charged with
tl4erdviy conduct. Iu ilie numbr
were two rto:; wcu:j- soldiers' uni
forms and said to be returned soldiers.
IVusivivtaMf u!'s-ri'.rr was reported
t:d?r. n.nn y early this uu-rning be
.o;v f.o solJiers had been stationed
in the vninity os the mines. Uale
tuut'.e has t.va expeievvod sitivf'
i-icketi..g ,i the mines wa iiuerrupt-
by the troops.
Karly in t!,e day I;:dnstiia! Wivk
ers. somo a..'ieti. turned bsck tn;.
te n'r.e the miners who sought to
e ;;er. Late tOxiay it was anuoutUTd
th'st ;:.o addhi.i:a! I'nitj Ststes sc-S
tiiers would be here tocmr.ow to aid
the tlrtsihnioni of me:; of f e 44th'
infantry w ho baan patrolling streets '
stter t -i? miners h.d txn turned back
Ircm ie mines. i
i It ws un.t icUy announrt d that'
I -' -;ea were iuie in Itntte tnis aft-
'vn N.s-.i-e of the strike. No ef-
sort : .ie ratie to wo.k the nitues
tcm rrr.. r.s h mines have not been
running on iunilsy reoeMTly.
Kleon ?rrsis were tnnde by the
fo.lice d.riti: the day. I.HLided
nmor.jr the ph .eJs et tho mines e-f.-re
ih; sol-iirs went on duly wer
a ..ui.ih.-r of nr.ish wotuen, oa
v hoc it was said. $ ;.rmod.
Glebe-Miami Miners
Annource Wage Cut
CL03'-: Ark V
Ob.
Kt f-vtive
Monday motninj.. witc.. i f emnloyes
in the cop; er mines, r.i.'.ls and si-iei-teis
in th- Ctohe Miar. i t-istriot ave
rt duoed 75 vents per i.ay during the
'.emainder cf tho moat it "of Ft hri.ary.
Minors and mucker.- who have boon
etiixhn J.vr-rt per shiit. will be paid
$".!"). Vagvs of workers in other de
partments are i educed in like propor
tijn. As the result of conferences held
bv the conpor-producing companies,
:tnd the co'iivrci.oo a; Washington of
the United Stales labor department
and stcreJitei representatixes of the
emp.oye-5 if ti:e copper companies,
agieement was reached for a read
justment o: ilio sli.linc scsle of wuses
in lore? prior to the entry of the
I'ri.ed St ites into tho world war.
Undo,- the now ngrecment. the slid
:t:g sca.e is based itpon ; miniiipim
J rice ;er topper oi 1 cents, m-.d tho
pscsor.t wace ot J.i 9 paid mia rs and
muclie-j :n I he Globe-Miami distrio;
will nre.Pil when copper is selling at
-o cent- a pound. This is a onm es
st.)i and a olstimt advantage to i!ie
workers, as the waue cannot -co bc'ow
$I.So jor day.
Notices regarding the icdiution of
".vaitos Tii cents per day will be Hste 1
tomorrow- mor.-:'..-.- by the Old li
n -"iion. Inspiration Consolidated and
Miami Copper companies.
TiOERS RELEASE SPENCER.
ltc R-vi-w Leas. -a Vi-vl
FKT".U)IT. Mi-h.. Feb S -With the
mi ing today of a Detroit contract by
Ce.i - i er F lvrd Ainsmit'i. Presi lent
xav.'r of the local American league
chtb ;t ti-unced th-e urn on lit iona! re
! a of Catcher F1lie Spencer.
MlflF. W
"33
r. t-i is?
4 IVJ
Li Vi m I
rs ej m l-'
rf 73 f A TXT" A T
0. B. Colquit
Denies 'Trust9
Aided Election
r- R,--;o l.eucl Y?w
DALLAS, Tex., Feb. 8.
Denial of any knowledge of
contributions by packing in
terests to his campaign for
gcvernor of Texas in 1910,
as alleged in statements be
iove the senile agriculture
committee at Washington,
which is investigating the
packing industry, is contain
ed in a telegram to the com
n.ittee. given out here to
nkht by former Gov. O. B
Colquitt. Colquitt declares
if the packers contributed to
the fund it was without his
kncv.-lcdce c solicitation
and such money did not
come into his hands nor the
hands cf his state commit
tee. im nmisn
UN UULLHSl
FUND FOR WHEAT
Bill A pprcpriating Sum to
Maintain Price Guaran
tee Introduced
WASHINGTON. Feb. S.-Ohshmsn
Lier tc-ila iutrtduv-ovl the bill a,
pn ed by ih house Agricultural cotn-,
lr!ttee appropriating $LOoo.tHH-.ie-- to
I ivaiii'iviu the government's guaranty
j tor the PMS and what crHs
; "Tlws nttvur," said Mi. -Lexer, io
'prvstct'ng the- ill, "eon'ors on the
! ii.-siv;ci!ti every power to en;;Me bin
! to make gc-od tNe gv.sracty ti the pro
ducer, .to protect the gov c rumen;
'against utitiue enhanevaiei t of its li
Mli'ics and at the same time pro'ect
a:a-- excessive price and itisniv
te- trade against undue losses result
tug frc.iu t'luciaiion in wheat pviocs."
The t;U. he explained, contains ro
'p ovis;on for sal;v vri- xf 'he wheat,
the snV-toinmiitce that drafted the
i'oasiire having rogart.o-a the tiiture as
f.v ptohlematical to attempt to fix a
sale price.
Late News
FS, FIR
c nn
DILL!
HOUGLAS. Aril., Feb. S. The Copper Queen Consolidated ;i:.i:i!i
ct-mpany aiul thilumet i ArUorp Xii-uog company, operating naii.nto.tt
smelters here, have posted no'ioes of wage t eductions, ti'te.tive tomorrow.
February 10. Wage senle to 1h bused oa the average Engineering and Mining
: Ji urnsl's quotations ott copper fir previous month.
WEIMAR. Friday,
for manv years one i
Fob. T (By the
f 111., i .l..r- .it
'today was almost unanimous Iy elected president of the German national
: assembly.
HKLUN.V, Mont.. Feb. S. n investigation of the causes behind the minors'
sit ike itl I utte was provide! for by the stale legislature today, when roso
l.itious were adopted in both houses authorizing appointment of committees
of three to conduct the inquiry.
WARSAW. Wednesday. Feb.
and nmong the l.ithi'ani.ri soidicrs
.
1 BIRMINGHAM. Ala.. Feb. $.- Nine men. all membeis of a fishing party,
xv ere drowned in the Warrior river tday by the capsiring of a fishing boat.
The bodies of '.our. ail tr .n Bit mingltan-.. wcio roeovored.
TACOM.V, Wash.. Feb. S. The general strike in Taoomn. appeared to
night to haxe collaps.-d. Street cars ate running on their former schedules,
theaters are open, stores have resumed haziness and the harbors have ro
turned to work. Only at the headquarters 'f the strikei-s. xvhere the usual
Ir.rgo gtttheriiig of men was p-esout. xxere there any unusual signs. Here a
, aieetit-.c behind closed doors xvs called tonight xvith uniett officials declining
to niahe any statement as to its purpose.
BELLING 11AM. Wh Feb. s. -From six to thirteen persons wer
xvsshed cverhoard nd drowned Lite today from the Cannery tender Uxvanta.
cf the Pacific American Fisheries company, ten miles south of here, a ih
boat was making its xxey Lota Cie company's plant on Elua Island. Th
tcinh r w;is art ing abeut 50 persons, nearly all from the El!va istund phiut.
Oa our classified pa-:
are winners. Try n
and watch results.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
rrnn
STREET CARS
j Desertion in Union Ranks and
1 M i m: . . .i
muurs UilllUcllum to tntt
Strikers Breaks Backbone
of Seattle D emonstration
, lis i:, . w ,,. s.-,i
I SEATTLE. Wash.. Feb. $ - rV.cod by
; desertions in. union ranks. tHUtnle with
. results brought about by Mayor Ol
'Hanson's ultimatum that troops wott'.e!
I le used it r.ecessry to restore Seut
! tie's business operations to tuoimtl
. chatinMs. the s mo-ChttU- stiikc af
ttvting approximately rr.ei0 worker.
' seemed oear its end ton'oiht.
! The general strike ooueren-e con
tinued ia sessi.'u tonuht discussing
; whether to call otf the sytupathetu
j strike. In the meant iiue business fa t
began assuming usual phases. Mu
nicipal street cars hud loeu opertt'it
all day. lite in the day Sept. W. S.
Richardson of the Paget Sound Ti.to
turn. Light A: lwer company tink out
the first ot the oup,in 's c-."i-s. with
similiter and sjn-cial polii-e officer on
tie rear plutto.m. Other cats fol
lowed. All papers except the Tiir.o. alter
noon, and lst Inteiligencvr. mern
ing. apvavoti diiring the ih y To
night these two aewspapcr an
nounced they would pnM.sh rcgrhti
editions i4s ususl. on their own
prvsscs reg..'.ie.s of th strike s.tni
tion. Strik Bckbone Broken
Si:ni;ar signs thst tho backbone oi
the strike had Wvn btoSen jipp-;.'d
in virions iy-s, so that it was b
iieved IV city oll'iotals that ; 11 wn.v
ors ci-t-;i pssibt the 2.t'-.K metal
tittles men oi the shi,;.ius woud
bvieK at work by Monday. These icon
went out Jtnuary 21 asking for in
creased agvs. The sympathetic
stiiko. aftectntg 110 unions w;t ot a to
;I of lo rtMmser.ted in tho tity. as
c;tl!id hist Thursday meaning. T'to
gonevnl strike tx-su!tit-.g. to; mod by
,-.avr Hansen and a business no a s
c.-ima-.iuec as a "rebellion against tho
govenuaem." in a s;.toa-.ei-.t issued tiv
day. is i-ai ta be the first o! its sie
in the United States. U was fcliow
od by an unsuccessful ki tempt to call
a general strike in Taeoum and b an
iiouuceinouts t"roia Everett. Wm.. nd
other ,Hrats that rtMVtvuuum cn-o.-in.
the strike would be taken.
Fo.ir causes for the expected failure
of the strike were given by city i.f
ticials who expected the st.ike to ituh
C."-ti'.1 wi tC" K.m:-
Bulletins
Associated Ptss. lr. lldwtxtd Dux id.
tl-.x lt.r-..i.. . ..-.. t..i..... 1 1. 1.-..-IV
Black plague is rssdus it Ki-v. Koval
all
i M
Rill CAFES
MUM-OPEN TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1919.
LOWER WAGES 111
mmm.
Reduction m lopDer rnce
Forces Change; Higher
Scale. Later
of copper, in process from the mine
to the relinery, or hi finished form
! at the refinery, approximately one
! billion pounds. 1
"This copper, it, must be borne in
I mind, has been produced on a scale '
for wages cf a 26-eeat price, an! none
cf it fcas been marketed or can te :
.marketed at that pi ice or anywhere
pear- it. t A stock of repper is found
to te or. hand in France. England and ;
, Italy, which, while small for war con
sumption.' is a considerable amount in
J peace times. Large amounts of scrap
metals are for sale in connection with
! the cancellation of munitions manu-
I facturing program.
Exports Limited.
'"Foreign - governments have pur-
employers in this emergency is r.eces-! chased their copper at 23 cents to 26 j
sary in orkin.; uul a, jjiuij ui ic-au- icuis auu are uiatKcuug uuuer put-
justmeiit whereby the interests ofjernment control the stocks bought at
f
I
Cntinuoil from Pa;,e One
i
both would be safeguarded to the full
est extent possible.
Delegates En Route Home.
.1
these prices, and meanwhile are dis-l
couraging. and in some cases, pro
hibiting imports of new stocks. In
Two delegates were sent from "the 'the domestic market manufacturing
Warren district and they are now on industry finds itself suddenly cut off
their way back from Washington and J frcm its business, on account of the
will brins with them full reports of I cancellation of the munitions pro
conditions and of the action taken in I gram. The renewal of peace industry
the conference. In the meantime, the j takes time to bring about, and a gap
department of labor has sent out a ! in the business is the result-
brief statement covering this confer
ence as follows:
"Wahington Feb. 4.
"The conference or the workers in
the copper mines of Arizona. Utah
and New Mexico with the secretary
cf labor came to an end yesterday,
and the representatives of the men
left las: night to lay the results be
fore the workmen in their respective
districts. Before leaving Washington,
the following statement cf the present
condition of the copper industry was
"The combination of the cessation
of export trade and the interval re
cuired to turn war industries into
peace industries has brought about
declining prices in copper as well as
ether commodities, and , while prices
rre falling, buyers lack courage to
purchase.
"This is a summing- up of conditions
which have brought about the existing
situation, but. the present and future
interests are even more (?) than the
past. It appears that the using upj
agreed upon to be submitted to the of accumulated stocks is progressing ! j
workers :
Xo market since armistice was
sicned:- siles for last 75 days don't
amount to 5 per cent of output.
"Corner stocks on hand at mill.
even though it ni3y be slow in Europe;
and America. With, the coming ofi
peace, northern neutrals and central
empires as well as the rest of the
j world, will need copper and the man-
smelter, in transit, and at refineries. ' afactured forms in which copper is an
about one bilion pounds, representing ! important part. Telephone and tele-j
over $1?5.000.00. j graph companies have a large amount j
Produced at Hijh Ccst- cf postpone J construction work which !
"The seriousness of this surplus must soon be placed. With the com-!
s:ock of this one billion pounds of cop-; rag of spring considerable construe-j
per is th-fact that it was all pro-i ties wcri may be expected and crders
cuced on the maximum basis cf ccst wiii undoubtedly be placed which re-
with the-expectation of realizing 26 qvire eepper. j
cents per pound. - "With the better understanding of ;
"For every ce.it less than 2 cents, the very great increase in the cost of;
the p.rrxcccrs v.-UI Jose $10.C,X,.vtH.. so! production that has occurred in the ';
that ISeaj copper m-ass a loss of j last five years, confidence will be re
$N?.00v.(V. wVch is a Tery serious stored 1 3 buyers and they wi!l accord-!
factor cf demoralization cpirt from ' in-ly come intJ the market, probably:
prict;ci.y no
the last ? days at present level of prices. Giving
Topper prcl.JCtion ia I31S aver- j per and other American products.
ae J 2-3 million pounds rer month i This is now being considered." !
aSnnr Two K'i'Mi ? l v it- -1 rr- -1- . A V- AiA r4 rAnM M
Mca pounds fcr the year, against aj The conferer.ee also adopted the'
r re-war production of one billion five j following resolution:
hundred million pounds. Normal con-j "Whereas, The copper industry in;
sumption before ire war. about one 'peace times has always depended
hundred and twenty-five million i upon export trade for over half its i
nearly ! production and, j
expert j "Whereas, It appears upon reliable ;
export authority that foreien oountries have j
; great culicuity at the present time in
pounds per month, divided
equally between home and
tn.de, the larger being the
trade
Anticipate Return to Normal. "financing purchases of the products!
"When peace is proclaimed and the) of our country, and j
E'-cessary roreis.n credits are estab-j "Whereas. We deem it the best in-:
i;hcd in this country to finance for-jtercst of labor and industry in the'
in sale3 the normal sales may be j country to heip to remedy this tempo-j
it-covered and even exceeded, to sayjrary breakdown of the machinery of!
cue hancrea liltr million pounds per 1 international trade,
month. b;:t we can hirdly expect the I "Be it resolved. That this meeting!
sales to warrant production of 20'J j of representatives of the labor" of the i
million pounds per month, as during ' copper industry do urge and recom-l
the destructive consumption ur the ! mend that congress pass such legis-i
war. j Lit ion authorizing government aid as j
"The adjustment of operations in will furnish the necessary long term'
rear future wi!i be confined to the credits to facilitate the resumption of '
mere favored operations of low-cost our export trade in raw materials. I
producers with modern equipment. I agricultural products and manufac-'
me rroDiem now beiore us is how lured goods.
ic best safeguard the industry to in
scro continued operations and a liv
ing wage. The terms of the various
sliding scales automatically regulate
wages according to market price.
Wages Above Scale.
'Current wages for January, 1919.
on i he terms of the sliding scale, are
paid on basis of 30-cent to 32-cent cop
per, although the December market
price for cepper was 26 cents as fixed
by the war industries board but no
stales. Wages are, therefore, 50 cents
to 75 cents higher on the war basis
than they would have been on a
peace basis, according to the sliding
scale.
"The absence of any market neces
sitates reduced production.
"Only tne most favored operations
could continue operations on the 18
cent capper at the present cost and
then only if a market can be found
fcr production, as all have reached the
limit cf their ability in carrying sur
plus Kcl:s.
"Beth production and consumers
representatives of the industry are
:-ti fcnuousl ." endeavoring to improve
the immediate market for their prod
uct. They are receiving the heartiest
o-operatkn of Secretary Wilson of
the a?Tartment cf labor, Secretary
Noiices Being Posted.
Tne notice being posted today by '
the different mining companies of j
the district reads as follows:
"Effective February 10, 1919, the!
following wage scale will become ef-i
fective for all per diem employes ofj
the company. As heretofore, the j
wages paid will be based on the av-
erage New York Engineering and I
Mining Journal quotation for copper
for the previous month, but inasmuch
as there was no quotation published
by the Engineering and Mining Jour
nal In January due to the fact that
there were no sales of copper, a quo
tation of twenty (20) cents per pound
i3 adopted as a basis for February
wages effective February 10.
"Until further advised.' the present
wa?es will be considered the wage at
twenty-six (26) cent copper and an
increase or decrease of ten (lo) cents
and fifteen (15). cents alternately,
will be made in the day's wage for
each one (1) cent increase or decrease
in the price of copper, where the pres
ent daily wage is $5.25 or more.
Where the present daily wage is less
than $5.25, the increase or decrease
for each one (1) cent in the price of
cepper will be ten (10) cents, down
to a prire cf eighteen ilSi cents
Re.lfidd of the department of com- i Should the average monthly quotation 1
nni:t-. atf.reutry uine o: me aepan-i urop oeiow eisnteen 1S). cents per '
ment r,i the interior. Secretary Glass poun.l. further changes may be made -cf
the treasury, and Eugene Myer. Jr., and if so, due notice will be posted. I j
iu-a:idK.u!( jirecior or me war nuance ; inis srcale is seventy-five (75) !
corpora?:!; Secretary Baker and Sec- ' cents ner dav hishr thun v,
- - J - - - - .uwu lu. um I
I-f-fSt T- T -1 T-tl V-. .T . ' 1 . . . I.
" 1 ' -" j "vin oacu iu-j ciiujug pieviousiy in ettect.t
operate with the industo" in the j which increase wa3 made on account '
handling cf the government supplies J of ti.e increased cost of living-. ' !
of copper and scrap copper and; "For example, a miner's rate under H
orass. j tne new scale will be as follows:
"It miirt be realized that the end! "Copper at 25c ifcid under 7r SK
$6.10. !
"Copper at 25c and under 26c. $6.00. i
"Copper at 24c and under 25c. $5.S5.i
' Copper at 23c and under 24c, $5.75.
Copper at 22c and under 23c, $5.60.;
"Copper at 21c sod under 22c. $5.50.
Copper at 20c 8 3d under 21c, $5.25. !
"Cepper at 19c aud under 20c. -53.25 !
Copper at ISc and under 19c, $5.10." '
KW ABE TO COACH CUBS. '
of the war destroyed the principal'
con-Mimin; market and the building up!
cf the rea'e market is being pushed;
tapid'y bs possible. That necessarilv ,
requires r. little time. A clear under !
standing of the existing conditions,',
which is Jiflkuit on all sides, will. it
is hope:!, furnish a basis for mutual;
underrtandiiis. ,
Pile Up Surplus.
"On the signing of th armistice the
following cripdi'lions existed: The! ":" Keview Leased Wire) '
tpp'.- producer had very li?t!e cop-j CHICAGO. Feb. S. Otto Knabe. the!
Pr sold ahead, as the neeils oi our veteran baseball star will return to!
jjoverr-ni. nt and of tiie allies, which the Chicago Nationals as coach this'
wre taking close to 9' prr cent ofj reason. President Fred -Mitchell v.asi
the entire production, were being ! c Ivised tonight that Knabe. who is in!
supplied monthly as required At th business ::i Philadelphia with "Kid"
roqufM or the war industries beard JIeaon. Jnanager of the Chicago'
the mines continued to run from th Americans, had arrr-ned his at fair
miJdlf or Xoveintx-r until the eml of! it that hn could return to the Chicaso'
tiio year at a fairly hish production , Huh.
in ,rJfr to lyot-p (he labor ettil(. j .
Ei-.ai!.'- ueveiopine'its. , Cah .rd Cohii. pl;.jor cjil uu uhoe ,
Adv.
HOUSE DRESSES VA OFF
The famous "Dix" house dresses;
neat models of gingham and i er
cales: sizes S6 to 52.
.aNtQ8lgtlr IBS
WOMEN'S, CHILDREN'S
SWEATERS, Va OFF
in a largo variety oi stylos ru! edi
cts; ail s.rzo
J?ecoi-l fKvii.
A Showing of New Spring Styles
in Millinery and Ready-to- Wear
flTITH many new spring styles on display and the usual every day specials will make this a
u wonderful week indeed. Each day sees something new and bright that indicates
spring. In all the departments the new things are coming in direct from fashion's center,
where they have been selected by our buyers who are now making trips back and forth into
the eastern markets, where materials and workmanship are inspected, quality and styles se
lected, everything carefully considered, so that we may give our customers GOOD, UP-TO-DATE
MERCHANDISE AT VERY REASONABLE PRICES, AT ALL TIMES.
New Spring Dresses
Beautiful new dresses of georgette, satins and taffetas,
in a variety of shades and combination tones; tiny
pleating on collars, sleeves and tunics and embroidered
cut out work. Colorful, indeed, is the new Hena shade.
One beautiful model of Hena georgette ever-black
satin. Many other beautiful models in a large variety
f novel designs. Second floor.
Spring Millinery
A handsome assortment of new hats in charming mod
els, in georgette. s;raw and satins and in combinations
of materials, turbans, ;oc,ues. niushroons and roiling
brim styles. Very attractive are tha new Victory Red
Hats, trimmed in very charniins designs. See them
Monday. Second floor.
New Spring Footwear
Ladies' Pumps and Oxfords
They are extremely smart, and though we've shown
them for only a day or two we're been kept busy with
calls for them. It's fashion's decree, ladies! And -The
Fair Store" is making a very spring-like showing, in a
woaderful fine variety of new and charming styles
footwear decidedly better than the same money will
buy elsewhere. The leathers include, patents, dull kids,
grey, white, field mouse and ivory. Selling from S5.00
to $9.00. V
36-m. FancySilk, $1.98 yd.
Values, $2.50, $3.00 and $3.50
Fancy silks, in beautiful pUids stripes, checks and two-tone effect,
in satin and taffetas, in all the newest shades. Surely this will
interest all women who like pretty silts, as the patterns are very
beautiful, and to buy at this price is a great saving. Regular values
were $2.50, $3.00 and $3.50 yard. Sale price, yard $1.9S
All-Wool Serges, $1.89 yd.
50 K,d 54 inches wide
All-wool "French and Storm" serges, in brown. Oopen royal blue, black
plum, red. wine and wisteria. Special at, yard $1.89
New Spring Suits
rharmiug. indeed, are the new suits that are so different
you could ntjt hope for anything more struct iv than
these suits, showing the new vest effects, which ar
so o.uish at present; box lines, becoming to all types
cf figures aud novelty effects for the women who pre
fer tho unusual many colors, including the new over
seas blue. Seeciul floor.
"Bon Ton" and "Royal
11 X.. iO r .
it ui cee? isurseis
NEW SPRIN- MODELS
We take pleasure in announcing that a complete assort
ment of the newest moAiels ar now on display in our
corset department ask to see the newest in from av.d
back lac. These r-ty fatuous and fashionable wrsets
hold their styU leadership this season, with a ohrn;in$
variety of laodels to suit every imaginable style of fis
ure. Corset IVpartment. Secxntd floor.
Bungalow Aprons, 9So
$1.50 VALUES
An assortment of unusually pretty burgalow rrus.
made of ging'iam. cambric and percales, in checks,
stripes and plain colors, with belts and pockets, r.im
med with pnnty braids; all siies; made large and fall.
Second floor.
SALE OF FANCY RIBBONS
5 TO 10 INCHES WIDE
One of the greatest sales of the year is ready for women at the ribbon counter Mondaj
and continuing all this week; widths from 5 to 10 inches wide; in satins, taffetas ana
moray in stripes, checks and plaids. Floral and plain designs, in all shades. For fancy
work, hair bows, camisoles, etc., a large assortment:
Regular 39c Ribbons, yd..'..25c Regular $1 .00 Ribbons, yd. 69c
Regular 50c Ribbons, yd 37c Regular $1.25 Ribbons, yd. 83c
Regular 65c Ribbons, yd 43c Regular $1.50 Ribbons, yd. 98c
Regular 75c Ribbons, yd 49c Regular $ 1 .75 Ribbons, yd. $1.19
Regular 85c Ribbons, yd 59c Regular $2.00 Ribbons, yd $1.38
$5.95 SERGE MIDDIES, $3.95
Jack Tar Middies, in navy blue only. Sleeves and collars trimmed in red and. white
braids, silk embroidered stars on collars, laced with contrasting collars. Second floor.
SILK AND SERGE SKIRTS
$7.69, $10.95 and $14.95
Women's Skirts, in a splendid assortment of beautiful desigus. in plaid novelties, plain
serge and fancy silks.
Regular 510.00 and $12.50 Skirts, now $ 7.6?
Regular $15.00 and $1S.00 Skirts, now $10.95
Regular $18.50. $22.50 and $25.00 Skirts, now $14.?S
Men's SUITS and O'COATS
Selling at Big
Reductions
1 V. D '
r
i.i i
mm
At the present price of clothing you are
saving from $7.50 to $lo.00 on these suits
and overcoats. Each day men are taking ad
vantage of these wcndeiful bargains, in
high grade av.d well known brands of cloth
ing. The styles are all good and up to date.
The workmanship, the best. The finest of
materials. The only thing cheap about them
is the price. A good assortment of styles
and sizes fcr men and young men.
The Overcoats at $19.95, $24.95
and $27.95
Regular $25.00 and $27.50 Overcoats. $19.95
Regular $29.50 and $30.ft0 Overcoats. $24.95
Regular $32.50 and $35.00 Overcoats. $27.95
Men's Suits at $19.95, $22.45, .
$26.95 and $29.95
.Men's $2".no to S27.50 Suits, now $13.95
Men's $23X0 and $30.00 Suits, now . . $C2.45
Men's ?J2.5' t; $37.50 Suit, now .. $26.95
Men s m.50 and $40.00 Suits, now .$29.95
MEN'S CLOTHING DEPARTMENT,
SECOND FLOOR
ENTRANCE
Only 1
More
Dai Of SUBWAY
. y xji STREET
The Big 5 -Day CLEARANCE SALE
JT V
REAR
OF
MAIN
BUNGALOW APRONS,
98c
Women's bungalow aprons, made
of calico and ginghams, in stripes
and checks; all sizes 98c
CHILDREN'S FLANNEL
GOWNS, 59c
Children's gowns of good quality
flannelette, in pink and blue
stupes; with and without collars.
Special at .-. 59c
MEN'S SWEATERS
$2.05 and $3.71
Men's Sweaters; good quality, in
assorted colors; all sizes:
Regular $2.75 values at $2.05
Regular $4.95 values at $3.71
MEN S GREY COAT
SWEATERS AT 79c
Men's Grey com Sweaters, without
collars all sizes.
36 INCH SCRIMS, 15c YD.
3 inch Se: iu.s ia pluin white ami
ecru, with flowere t horders. others
plain and hetusiitch-Hi. Special at.
yard ..15c
KIMONOS 4 OFF
Women's pretty Kimonos of flan
nel, in pretty t'ioral designs.
Regular $2.25 values for $1.69
Regular $2.75 values, for $2.C5
Regular $3.45 values, for . ..... $2.59
SHOES FOR MEN AND
WOMEN AT $2.95
A bargain indeed are these shoes
for men and women st $2.95.
THE WOMEN'S SHOES
are lace and button, high atul l.iw
heel, with kid 'and cloth tops at
$2.95
THE MEN'S SHOES
are n all hlack leather, in laee
only; made extra good, with tox
too and wide lasts at $2.95
"Thtre now exists unsold a stock
GIVE THAT OTHERS MAY LIVE--Ariz. Drive for $150,000 -Feb. 10-17 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1919.
THREE
S594.43 EXPENDED yfJF Wk EAST DRIVE
IU
mi
re
xtrnw
Ul
A mating of the boanl of control
of the Warren District Relief associa
tion was' held on Monday. February 3,
In the office of the school board. Cen
tral school building. The president
of the association. Mr. M. Newman,
called the meeting to order when aft
er the reading of minutes cf the pre
vious meeting held on December 2
last, a financial statement and brief
report of the work cf the association
for the month cf December and Jan
uary vere given Lythe general secre
tary. Miss Esther Cumminss, the fin
ancial statement showing an expendi
ture of $594.43 for all purposes in
connection with the work for the two
months mentioned.
During these two months 26 families
were given temporary aid. nine of
which were Mexican. In 19 of the
families illness was the cause of dis
tress. In four of these owing to the
death of the father the widows pen
sion had been secured for the mother
and children. This included one Mex
ican family, cn account of the father
having been born in the United
Sent Home
Two families were 6ent back to their
Id homes, one of these bein a case
where the father was suffering from
tuberculosis, and the other being a
mcther and two children who had
been desertfcd by the father. In the
2 families mentioned there were six
deserted families'and 12 widows, most
of whom had suffered to a greater
or less extent ttronsh the recent in
fluenza epidemic. The amounts paid
out each month on account of the in
fluenza cases have been refunded to
the relief association by the local Red
Cross" chapter.
The association had no difficulty in
securing employment for many weeks
past for almost any woman who was
willing to work, especially If such wo
men were able to care for the sick,
and whether or not the people were
able to pay for helD, someone was sent
to care for them if necessary.
Clothing Supplied
About 120 articles of clothinz were
supplied to those in need, as well as
some bedding, fuel and groceries
whenever necessary.
At the Christmas season the Elks
lodge supplied Christmas baskets for
21 families in destitute circumstances,
whose names were given them by the
association.
On January 30 the pupils of Mrs.
Maye Esther Thomason Ecelish har
ms given a dramatic recital in the
high school auditorium, the proceeds
of which were to be donated to the
association, the board of control at
this meeting requested that the gen
eral secretary send Mrs. English a
letter of thanks, also to thank Prof.
Philbrook and the school board for
the use of the auditorium for this purpose.
FROM GERMAN TOWN
Perry P. Harris, the adopted son
of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Huckleby of
this city, who had been thought to
be dead, no 'word having been received
from him since he arrived in France,
is alive and well and a member of
the American army of occupation, sta
tioned at Anhausen, Germany. Mrs.
Huckleby received a letter a few days
ago, breaking the long silence.
Huckleby now is a member of Com
pany K. 125th Infantry. Leaving Xew
York for Europe early last August,
his organization had an exciting time
dodging submarines, landed in Liver
pool and spent a few weeks in that
country in training. Arriving at La
Havre, France, the organization was
sent to the front line trenches the fol
lowing day and remained at the front
continuously until the armistice was
signed.
Describes Last Minutes
Describing the last few minutes be
fore the armistice became effective,
he says:
"We were on the front up to the last
minute when at 11 a. in. we were to
cease firing. The big guns thundered
and roared up to the last minute and
men went to their death as late as
11:53. Of all the boys in my company,
thee are very few left. I am in an
other division than the one I was with
when I left Camp Kearny, a division
that has a fighting record second to
none. We have been on the Verdun
front since the early part of Septem
ber. You must have read a great deal
about the fighting on the Verdun front
and the Meuse river. I was in it all.
I have seen men by the hundreds, both
Americans and Germans, lying dead"
on the battle field.
Stationed on Rhine
"After the armistice had been
signed, we followed the German army
through France and Luxemburg into
Germany. We are stationed on the
Rhine. We marched all- the way on
foot. We now live in different houses
and buildings with the German people.
They treat us fine and do everything
they can to make things pleasant fcr
us. In fact they treat us bettei ana
do more for us than the French, Eng
lish or the Belgian peeple iid. The
German people are all right but the
kaiser was the cause of it all. he and
his clique. "
Co doubt ycu lead in the papers
about the good things the boys in Eu
rope got for Thanksgiving and Christ
mas, but what we do get is a much
different thing. Thanksgiving we had
some canned beef and hard tack, just
a piain old army handout. We would
net have known it was Thanksgiving
except for the boys speaking of the
folks back home. Those folks back
home never will know what the boys
have been throujrh ror them. I hope
the boys will get some, consideration
when they return, some of them all
broken dewn in health."
BtiB0W
(Hy Review Tensed Wir?)
"PHOENIX. FebS. Monday morn
ing. February 10, the great triple drive
which will give the people of Ari
zona a real opportunity to save life
will be on. One hundred and fifty
thousand dollars is the quota of the
state, and' taking into consideration
the dire need of the millions of men.
women and children who will benefit,
this amount is comparatively small.
The united drive for relief in the
near east which has for its purpose
the raising of this money for the re
lief and rehabilitation of war-stricken
Armenians, Jews. Syrians. Greeks and
other sufferers of eastern Europe and
western Asia, was established in state
headquarters at Phoenix four "weeks
ago. with David Goldberg as state
chairman and Charles F. Wiilis state
director, since which time the county
organizations have been perfected.
Cochise county is organized as fol
lows: County Leaders
County chairman, T. O. McGrath.
Bisbee; P. M. Puckwalter. Paul Stev
ens. E. E. Whiteley, George Cobbe, E.
B. Ryder. Taos. Egan. E. A. Putni3n.
C. F. Philbrook, H D. Ross. David
Benshimol. B. Maier. Rev. D. G. Dech-
ert. O. Gibson and Ralph Lewis.
"International law does not allow
leans to be made to subject peoples.
The Armenians, Syrians, Jews and
other near east people cannot obtain
government leans, therefore, their sal
vation must come through American
generosity." said David Goldberg, state
chairman of the united drive for re
lief "'This i Tin ra t ri. tt ir annral if I
is not an appeal to help our soldiers
and there is no glamor and excite
irent of war about it, but th?re is a
decidedly strong appeal in that the
dollars subscribed for it wiil save
from starvation a race cf Christian
people who have been persecuted and
driven about for years.
Endorsed by Wilson
"This movement has the endorse
ment of President Wilson." he said,
"and the truth of the terrible condi
tions now prevailing in these unhappy
lards is revealed in the following ap
oeal by our president, which has taken
the form of a proclamation":
"For more than three years Ameri
can philanthropy has been a large
factor in keeping alive Armenian, Syr
ian. Greek. Jew and ot'ier exiles and
ie:?ees of western Asia.
'On two former occasions I have
appealed to the American people and
the response has been most generous,
but now the period of rehabilitation is
at hand. Vastly larger sums will be
required to restore these once pros
perous, but now impoverished, refu
gees to t"eir former hemes than were
rv:u;rc-d merely to sustain- life in their
deport exile.
'"I, ; here-fere, acaia ca'l upon the
People of the United 'Slates to make
fven more generous contributions
than they have made heretofore to
sustain through the winter months
I those, who. through no fault of therr
own. have been left in a starvine.
shelterless condition, and to help re
establish these ancient and sore'y
; pressed people hi their former hornet
on a self-supporting basis.
'FATHERS AND SONS
WEEK OPENS FEB. 12
HIGH GRADE ORE IN
JUNCTION IS STRUCK
After more than a year of steady
work on the 1400 foot drift to develop
the property of the Junction bine of
the Calumet & Arizona Mining com
pany, adjacent to the known ore rcne
of the Denn-Arizona. promise of re
ward is beginning to be given by the
working which has encountered high
grade copper oxide ore in a crosscut
30 feet from the Denn line. The drift
has not a full face of the ore, although
a six foot stringer encountered in it
promises to lead to something bet
ter. Work is being continued on the 1500
foct level where drifting toward the
Denn is being prosecuted simultane
ously with the 1400, but as yet without
success.
EDITH CAVELL AT THE EAGLE
At this moment when the re
sponsible heads of the allied govern
ments are weighing scrupulously the
charges against Germany, the name
l-!
'IS H
II ? ;SW
FathtTs and sons week, a national
celebration in ih? Y. M. C. A., daring
which every effort will be made by
the association to develop closer re
lations between the fathers of the na
tion and their male children, begins
Wednesday. February 12. cm which
dat? a Lincoln's birthday banquet wii:
ire given in the gynin?s:um cf the Bis
bee Y. M. C. A., waning t U:r;0
o'clock p. m.
H. E. Stei-le. superintendent of
schools at Douglas, has Loon secured
as the speaker of the evenir.g.
A charge of $1 per couple, man and
boy wili, he made. No ma wi'l be ad
mitted to the b:.uquet without n toy
and no boy without a man, it is an
nounced. J. B. Potter has been made chairman
cf the men's co'.miitiee. vhll tiie
boys' committee is headed by Arihui
Peterson.
In the course of the camnaign it i
proposed to have speakers in r.iost of
the loral pu'pits a week from today,
to bring the c.essr-ge of cl.ter IV'.
liwship to tue fathers find so-is cf
the ccuimunity. .
A NERVOUS
BREAKDOWN
Miss Kelly Tells How Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound Restored
Her Health.
Will veil keep a 03!l
or keep a MMi
The American Committee for Relief in the
Near East Announces that Arrangements Have
Been made "Whereby Liberty Bonds Can Be Ac
cepted as Subscriptions.
The Committee Will Net Sell the Bond, But
Will Use Them as Security for Drafts Made by
Representatives in the Near East. . .
Cne $30 Bend Will Supply Fcod to a Starving
Child for One'Year
GIVE THAT OTHERS MAY LIVE
February 10-I7th
n JULIA. ARTHUR H
l? ti
THE CAVELL CASE JJ
r.-JFlSa fSEI-ECT j(Sp PICTURES) ggjESagi
Edith Cavell is on the ton?ue of every
guardian of justice and the Cavell
case is being cited as an historic ex
ample of the Hun's wanton cruelty the
interest in this case will never die.
At the Eagle theater today and Mon
day the Select Pictures corporation,
presents a wonderful seven act picture
ization of the famous Cavell case, the
British Red Cross nurse the Germans
shot. Its action is tense, direct, com
pelling, when presented at the Strand
theater in N'ew York a new turn-away
record was established. Every critic
who has seen it has praised it. Grib
bie's six-piece orchestra will furnish
special music, commencing at 6
o'clock. Adv.
t Say!
on.
Miller's big sale is now going
Adv.
Newark, N. J.' For abort tree
years 1 suffered from nervous bresk
. . i . i , down and trot so
j r Jc3 weak I could harcly
A.SLrv"fj stand, and hac.heHd
if f: VS-V' aches every day. I
v. Ttned everything I
,,15 Iprts cou'd th:nk cf and
3? J ' ' 4 sician's care for two
J" J JX t year! A girl friend
I. OVA 4 JLJtlll. c.
I?inkhamV Vcre-
rj tab's Compound and
she toid ma about
ii. From the first
day I took it I berron
to feel better an!
now I am well and
able to do most any
kind of work. 1
have been recom
mending the Com-
poend ever since and pive you my per
mission to publish this letter." Miss
Flo Kelly, 47S So. lith St., Newark,
N. J.
The reason this famous root tr.3 herb
remedy, J.yclia E. Pinkham's VottetabV
CoTipcund, was so successful ia Miss
le!!y's case wss because it went to the
root of her traul :c. restored her to a
normal healthy condition ard as a result
hc-r nervousness disappeared.
1
:3
r2EfS-"s jssrJL-TTa. T-gBr-amg-araryj's
" V.
V-ivi' iiXis. 2icik Xo Vwti J
A anvat-s SL'isdca tor
ih2k S VEST FLA VOR
end QUALITY of JUICE.
They arc never frosted. Be
ware cf FROSTED oranaes
THE HEROIC SACRIFICES
OF FRANCE
FLAZA AT BREWERY
AVENUE TO BE RAISEE
Never in the world's history has
any nation ever sacrificed so heroic
ally of its blood and treasure than
has France in the present world con
flict. Her great peasant population
have suffered and bled for democracy
with undying fortitude. America also
ewes these people a great debt of grat
itude for a perfect remedy for stom
ach, liver a;d intestinal disorders
which it is reported has already saved
many American lives and prevented
thousands of surgical operations. Geo.
H. Mayr, for years a leading Chicago
chemist, irrrrrti and sells it in this
country cr.cr the name . of ' Mayrs
Wonderful Remedy. It is a simple,
harmless preparation that removes
the catarrhal mucus from the intestin
al tract and allays the inflammation
which causes practically all stomach,
liver and intestinal ailments, including
appendicitis. Cne dose will convince
or money refunded. For Pale by Low
ell Drug company and druggists everywhere.
After trying several plans to divert
the flow of water down Review 3lie
and the subsequent formation of a
muddy pool around the traffic i'ost in
the Brewery avenue piaza. City Engi
neer P. H. Halleck yesterday accomp
lished that end by having a trench
dug across upper Brewery gulch. The
water, which formerly flowed down
the entire length of Frewery gulch
within the corporate limits now comes
down through the city sewer.
Tiie "fish pond" as the pool had
become known, was swept clear toi
the first time in several weeks.
Mr. Halleck announced that he had
arranged with the Warren-Bisbee
6treet railway to have the company
trackage at this point removed and
the street will be repaired by the
level being raised. In future, even
should floods get out of the new ditch,
the water cannot form a pool, but will
flow away evenly. '
r
MILWAUKEE CLUB IS
SOLD TO ROWLAND
STIFF JOINTS .
S0REJ1USCLES
i Laber Up QocUy Undir the Soothing,
Penetrating Appficatiow f
Ham&fl's Wizard Oil
rrty P.oviw leased Wire)
MILWAUKEE. Wis.. Feb. S. Clar
ence Rowland, former manager of the
Chicago White Sox and Hugh Rren
nan, also of Chicago, late today ac
quired ownership of the Milwaukee
American association baseball club
from Albert F. Timme.
Rowland will be president and man
ager and Mr. Brennan will be secre
tary and treasurer. Rowland did not
make wnown the terms of the transfer.
In cases of rheumatism and lame
Jack it penetrates quickly, drives out
soreness, and limbers up stiff, aching
joints and muscles.
Wizard Oil is an absolutely reli
able, antiseptic application for cuts,
burns, bites, and stings. Sprains and
bruises heal readily tinder its sooth
ing; penetrating qualities
Get it from druggists for 30 cents.
If not satisfied return the bottle and
get your money back.
Ever constipated or have sick
headache? Juft try Wizard Liver
Whips, pleasint little pink pHls, 30
cents. Guaranteed. -
Itching and Sting
or Blazing, Fiery Eczema
Seems Like the Skin Is on Fire.
There is a harrassin discomfort
caused by Eczema that almost be
comes a torture. The itching is al
most unbearable, and the skin seems
n fire with the burning? irritation.
A cure from local applications of
ralves and ointments is impossible,
because such treatment can only al
lay the pain temporarily. The disease
can only be reached by going; deen
down to its source.
The source of Eczema is ia the
blood, the disease being caused by an
infection which breaks out through
the skin. That is why the most satis
factory treatment fcr all so-called
skin diseases is S. S. S., for this rem
edy so thoroughly cleanses the blood
that no impurities can remain. Get a
bottle to-day at any drugstore, and
you will see results from the rirht
treatment. Write for expert ineiiical
advice. whih you can get without
cost, bv aic"-essirsr Mdieal Director,
2l Swift Lax.rator. , Atlanta. Ca.
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine. Weber &. Co, Boston. Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN A. BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
GIVE THAT OTHERS MAY LIVE
Tired Means!
IS
il i
i
1 - r.n'iii:Vwi'.iifT ' vi"M f 1 .
v '.i j "l i f m r
7
x " . i5
A BURNING Question?
r - - u ' v-,"'. ,.?
WJi&?. How Much is
Costing Yen?
At least more than if ycu xtsccl air friction
carburetor. Made to fit any car. '
Equip your car with guaranteed spark plus.
'Air friction spark plu$TS are the best plujs
They are guaranteed for five years.
f j at Highly nickled hnished. Handsome m appear-
t ' bet of five, 53.00: set of seven, 54.20.
fee
For Ssle By
DAN B. SEED
At Ho-jan & Seei Office. UpFr Main St.
WRiiuji ... mmx-m
"1
3 iiiAirMi aiiu oiiuiviii ;
ARIZONA CAMPAIGN FOR $150,000 FEB. IOtll to I7lh
if
PKONE 50
Residence, Black 333
8
H
4
'A 4
FOUR
THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1919.
Published Every Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated Publishing
Cimpany
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for re-publication
of aU news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to this paper,
and also, the local news published therein.
AU rights of re-publication of special dispatches herein are also reserved.
Entered at Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES,
Per month
Three months
Six months
Twelve months
Sunday (our weekly) per year
Sunday (our weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Taken for Less Than 75c
Awaiting The Readjustment
Thinking persons have been agreed for some time that conditions
could not be maintained at war-time levels, and that at least a small
decrease from war-time wages was inevitable.
That copper reserves have been piling up on a stagnant market has
been common knowledge.
That few sales of copper have been made, and these at a price below
20 cents, has been impressed on everyone in close touch with the
situation.
That producers have been making copper at Inflated prices to main
tain and stabilize labor conditions, and that they have consequently
assumed a substantial daily financial loss, is well known.
On the other .hand, all are agreed that better times will come in
the near future, that foreign credits will be reestablished, opening up
new markets for copper, that in the United States normal production
of peace materials will be reached with readjustments, and that the
great surplus of copper now on hand will soon disappear under these
conditions. Then copper prices again will rise from their present level
and wages, as established by the sliding scale, will adjust themselves to
the new era. .
This is forecast in the message from the department of labor sent
to the Warren district, following the close of the recent conference with
miners from Arizona, Utah and Montana, at which Warren district rep-,
resentatives were present. The department message says:
"When peace is proclaimed and the necessary foreign credits are
established In this country to finance foreign sales, the normal sales may
be recovered" and even exceeded . . ." "
The department's statement continues, giving in detail conditions as
they nowjtxist in the copper industry, and drawing conclusions that
within a short period confidence at home and abroad will be restored, and
"buyers win accordingly come into the market, probably at present level
of prices." This statement, is published elsewhere in The Review this
morning. !
Thinking miners of the Warren District have been anticipating the
small decrease in wages. They have long known the facts.
Confidence in the department of labor, patience, cool judgment and
keen appreciation of conditions are essential in meeting the emergency.
This is no time for hasty action or undue apprehension.
For a short time copper is down and we must all bear the burden
together. Even the most pessimistic are agreed that a readjustment is
not far off.
Compensation Which Compensates
In The Review this morning is the annual report of the Employes"
Benefit association of Phelps Dodge corporation. Copper Queen branch.
It details how more than one hundred thousand dollars was expended
during the past year in assisting employes of the corporation who were
injured on ami off duty or who were "laid up" or 'laid off" through
'sickness.
The report is a definite answer to what constitutes protection to
the working man. It is self explanatory; it is an example of compensa
tion which really compensates.
The objects of all benefit associations are to provide protection to
members to "compensate them for a risk taken and to assure them in
surance in case of sickness, accident or death. In this respect they are
more potent than many laws; their protection is guaranteed.
The striking feature of the report is that for the first time the
benefit association has shown a deficit for the year. Influenza and
pneumonia cases were so numerous that despite a strong organization
with what under normal conditions would have been ample funds, the
reserves were depleted, and finally exhausted. The company came to
the rescue and a deficit of thirty thousand dollars was covered under
the working agreement.
The report is a striking example of what can be accomplished by
mutual co-operation, and the benefits to be derived from such cooperation.
Bankrupt Germany
Germany is a land of cemeteries, hospitals and starvation, declares
. one military authority.
Another affirms this statement, saying Germany is making every
effort to have the allies believe she is a bankrupt nation.
She should be; no tears will be shed because Germany hungers and
suffers the pangs of Hun design. "
Germany should be made to suffer to the last trench but no fur
ther. A completely bankrupt Germany would be a disaster, not only
to Germans', but to the allies. ' .
A completely bankrupt Germany could pay no indemnities; complete
insolvency ..-would give the Hun the one opportunity he seeks to plead
that the "alliea have strangled the nation.
Feed the'JIun.- Send into his country just enough food to avert star
vation, to keep alive his women and children. '
Give The Hun raw materials for manufacture. Not enough to enable
him to flood the world with products made in sweat shops at long hours
and low wages, but enough to keep him busy and producing.
Keep the Hun above bankruptcy, with his balance inside his indem-
But suffer the Hun to know the misery he has brought on the world.
Cult
ure
Says a publicity expert: "The man who disputes the cultural value
of advertising has never read an ad, or is incapable of thought. He has
only to look-at any newspaper, any street car. any magazine, to see the
truth. There is no greater force in education." .
This statement is hardly an exaggeration. It reminds one of the
old story of Rudyard Kipling, who criticized an American friend for
sending him magazines with the advertising sections removed, when
the ads were what he wanted most.
Certainly the advertising pages of the newspapers and magazines
show, as nothing else does, the characteristics and progress of the age
along material lines. And they do far more than that. Present-day ad
vertising is written and embellished with so much intelligence and art
that it makes a psychological appeal hardly equalled in any other
branch of human endeavor. The reader cannot get away from the
good ad. It seizes hold of him. . It penetrates him. It makes him
think. It affects his emotions. It stirs up spiritual forces. It gives
him new ideals of life and beauty.
If anyone who thinks culture can be gleaned only from libraries dis
putes these statements, let him seriously study the advertising columns
of some gcod magazines and newspapers for a few days. Arizona Star.
Never Too Late to Mend
Having passed up February 2. the legally set Arbor day for southern
Arizona counties, the governor has mended the break by proclaiming
February 7 the day for planting and sowing.
. We Should Worry
Of course you understand that the League to Enforce Peace would
abolish two of our cabinet offices.
Answer This One Mr. Baker
If a conscientious objeior is a? good a man as a solliT. what is
a Hun?
PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
,
-S .75
. 4-00
. 7.50
. 2.50
. .75
in
Ads
CITY ELECTION LAW
AIID SOLDIERS' PAY
BILL PASS IN HOUSE
tBy Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Feb. S. After a
lengthy debate in the lower house of j
the legislature today Pelbridges bill,
No. 14, relating to the election of offi
cers in towns, passed as amended by
a vote of IS to 13.
The bill as originally drawn pro
vided for the election of all town offi
cers, including the town
, ,
clerk, engineer and treasurer. An
amendment last was approved nrovid-
ing for the appointment of city offi
j cials on. the presentation of a peti
tion Bearing tne names of ol per cent
of the voters.
The protracted debate today hinged
on this amendment. The initial con
tention in the argument was that the
bill as amended would so affect the
city commission form of government
that it would be necessary for peti
tions to be circulated to determine if
officials now holding office should
be retained by a vote of 51 per cent
of the electors.
The majority opinion of the house
appeared to be that this interpreta
tion of tha measure was not correct,
but no one volunteered an absolutely
definite construction oi this debated
clause.
Believe It Unconstitutional.
Opinion expressed in the lobbies of
the house was that the measure as it
now stands is unconstitutional, that
government by petition is against the
principles of the constitution and that
the measure will not live to get
through the senate.
Lines said that the argument made
against the bill was a reversion to
prehistoric times and outlined a con
dition incompatible " with modern
progress. If that interpretation of
the measure was correct. Lines held, j
then everybody would know every-!
body else's business and the result !
would be the wiping out of direct leg- j
lslation by the people.
Those who favored the amendment
providing for the option of circulating
a petition asserted it would get quick
results and that there wouid be no
time lost and money spent in calling
an election.
It also was contended for this fea
ture of the bill that the amendment
was violating no law and would meet
a peculiar condition existing in the
state.
Petition Proposal.
One side took the stand that the
petition proposal, if enacted into law,
would practically throw the gift of
public offices into the nanas of poli
ticians and the reply to this was that
such an idea was entirely wrong,
since the petition would make it even
mora difficult to control votes.
An attempt was made to refer the
matter to the committee of the whole
house, but this failed on a .ote of 19
to 12 and on a subsequent vote the
measure passed as amended.
Joint memorial. No. 1. introduced
and passed in the house, asks con
gress mat upon his discharge from
the service each fighting man in the
United States forces be riven s?nn
extra pay and be allowed to retain
his uniform, including his great coat.
The original form of the memorial
specified three months' pay for all
men honorably discharged, but this
was altered to read. 5200.
Passing from the proposal for the
welfare of former service men, the
document addressed t congress took
up the question of an ocean-to-ocean
highway and military road, which it
heartily endorsed.
The memorial provides that a py
be sent to every legislature in session
in the United States.
Mechanics' Lien Bill.
A bill declared to be of first im
portance to all workmen, hnnw Rill
97, was introduced before the house
adjourned over the week-end. This
measure would alter the law to pro
vide that mechanics' .liens on any
work, would take first place over ail
other claims, reeardless nf -hon th
other claims were filed. The existing
statute gives priority to other liens.
Bill i aims to amend , the civil
code to eliminate the practice of exe
cuting fraudulent eonvevanops tr
escape just debts. A measure along
similar lines appeared in the senate
tnis week, drafted at the instance of
the national commission on uniform
state laws.
I!in 95 wouIJ amend the ivil code
relating to verdicts in equity cases.
The voluminous bill 94. making pro
vision for the holding of party conven
tions, also was brouaht in.
STREET CARS RUN;
CAFES AGAIN OPEN
(Continued from Page One)
The first was that the city maintained
operation of licht and cas utilitiM
many men refusing to strike. The ra
tioning scneme adopted by the strik
ers of using 21 -soup kitchens" to feed
strikers and the public dependent up
on restaurants failed to function prop
erly. Many Left Hungry
Food was slow Jn arriving and there
was little cutlery. Many strikers, first
to feel the discomfort, were left hun
gry on Thursday. A third factor as
signed was the presence of regular I
army troops. A final cause. aid citv
officials, was the evident lack of pub
lic sympathy with the strikers' cause
Mayor Ole Hanson's ultimatum to
e strikers that if the strike was not
' the
! declared off this morning- he would
, .
operate essential industries was fol
lowed by the installation by the mayor
of a":"jitney" bus service and opera
tion of the municipal car lines.
Conditions ia Tacoma became al-
most normal today, with the rrsump-
j tion of street car operations and the
opening ot bton.
KeMaur nits npeiat-.
'lew which posted ius they were ruii - '
I r . oo u.udi hi u tilt' vi t til ii m iti :ti
FINAL DETAILS OF '
NEAR EAST RELIEF ;
DRIVE ARRANGED!!
Final details for the inauguration
in the Warren district of the cam
paign for relief in the near east, se
lection of workers by the team cap-i ROOStVELT MEMORIAL SERVICE
tains, issuance of supplies and pub-1 Sen ices as a memorial of Theodore
licity data, and other details were Roosevelt will be held at Saint John's
concluded at the final meeting before Episccpal church. Sunday, February
the opening of the drive held yester-9. at 11 o'clock.
day afternoon in the offices of the Ado-esses will Ive made by Secro
Commercial club. The drive will start ' tary Putnam of the V. M. t A. and
i 'vi n d'uiuiruwr murniinr aim m it'll-
jtinue until this county's entire quota
Is raised.
Workers under team captains have !
been assigned to districts, which they ST. JOHNS EPISCOPAL CHURCH
will canvas on the first Jays of the Sunday school. 9:43 a. m.; Roose
drive. In 'their possession are cards ! velt memorial service, 11 a. ni.: YYed-
f subscribers in the various district
V. ; . J . -
to tne united war work eamiwkicrn
with the amount of subscription toj
the war work on each card. These !
will be used in checking up the sub-
script ions in this drive.
The first luncheon of the workers
and captains will be held at the Com-j
mercial club rooms at 12:3' o'clock, ;
noon. Monday, when the first reports
of the drive will be read by the team
leaders. This luncheon will be fol
lowed by similar noou meetings
throughout the duration of the drive.
Following is a list of the team cap
tains, their workers anJ the districts
u un.u lucj lute oeen assineu: !
Rev. H. C. Compton. captain From
Doyle's stop to Upper Tombstone can-
yen: Mrs. P. R. Beamer. Mrs. W.
A?. KT.-h!r Mrs t-i- rr,n,n.m at:.,,
to which they have been assigned:
M. Kohler. Mrs. Mary Compron, Miss
ir-yniia Ferron, Mrs. W. S. Stodehell.
Mrs. G. A. riunkett. Mrs.- H. L. Hall.
Mrs. C. E. Thain, Mrs. J. A. HaaoodN
J A. Prater.
C. S. Thompson, captain North
side Main street to Doyle's stop and
Clawson hill: Henrv Poppen. John
Sanders. C. A. McDonald.
Sam Franknburg. captain Sonih
side Main street. Oualitv and Hiccins!
fli. is: jenn Pterins pnd T Pom,
Thomas B'.air, i-aptala Bvewcrv
gxikh and School hill: Ham- Jacobs
and John Augius. " I
Thorlief Olson
captain Naco road
and O K street:
Lee Jovanovich.
Baptist Caretio an 1
Frank Bledsoe, captain Johnson
addition: Sandy Moss.
Mrs. C. H. Hunt, captain Copper
Queen store.
Mrs. C. W. Allen, captain Fair
store and Woolworths.
Howard Barkell; captain Lowell.:
Sol Morganstern. Stewart Grant. Fred
Kitter.
J. J. Dugal. captain Upper Lowell
and down to Don Luis: P. S. Yard
and Fhil Tovrea. '
.esse Yoakum, captain Warren:
Mrs. John Osier. Miss Helyn Treu,
Mrs. J. D. Taylor. Mrs. Fred Juiiff, c!
C. Wolf. Jack "Royal. H. -S. Hol'.is, C
T. Urgimach, J. P. Chiada and E. M.
Ivy.
Joe Walker captain S.attuck
mir6.
W. W. Gi.llvy, captain Copper
Queen mines.
Thomas Cowperthwaite, captain C.
& A. mines.
J. M. Ovens, captain Denn mine.
nuig under the "permit" plan of the
cooks and waitersa.
Maj. Gen. John F. Morrison, com
manding the western department o.
the army, was expected to arrive here
tonight to take charge of the army's
activities. The soldiers on duty here
patrolled the streets and guarded pub
lic buildings. 4 One thousand special
police are aiding the local police In
maintaining order. No disturbances of
moment have been renorted since thp
general strike began.
Mayor Hanson, soon after he start
ed his "jitney"l bus service, announced
he would order municipal street cars
to run on the lines of the two corpora
tion systems in Seattle if the private
systems did nit resume service. All
union exemption signs on trucks and i
cars were ordered torn off by Mayor
Hanson.
The F.ev. M A. Matthews, a local j
pastor, and J: W. Spangler. banker.
who met with Mayor Hanson and the i
strikers committee vesterdav an.
nounced todav the nieetinir wa ui'p. I
ly due to the strikers' efforts to have
Mayor Hanson rescind his ultimatum.
The mayor, according to a statement
issued, told the strikers the city gov
ernment was 111 charge of atiairs of !
Seattle. . !
In the business center several more j
restaurants opened their doors to pa-!
trons. The strikers 21 -soup kitch-'
ens" served mulligan." sandwiches :
and coffee. All city electrical work-!
ers returned to work, the international !
union having refused to sanction the j
local continuing on a general strike. ;
t nion bakers continued at work to
day and grocery stores attempted to
make regular deliveries. One union
barber shop reopened and the engi-
aeers and janitors' union is to con-!
sider returning to their duties in the
public schools. j
Ship cauikers at Gray's Harbor ship- J
yards have voted to return to work, j
They struck in sympathy with the;
metal trades workers. At Vancouver, j
B. C the longshoremen have voted j
not to handle any freight diverted to)
Vancouver from Seattle on account of j
the strike. I
O. S. Larson, representing the war
labor board at Tacoma. after meeting
-with C. 1L Barrett, secretarv of tin '
trades council of Tacoma. expressed !j
the lelief the strike there would be
settled within a few hours.
rilADHc ni irm im
GUARDS PLACED IN
HUNT FOR BANDITS
In an attempt to apprehend two men
who took an automobile from a service ;
car driver of Ikmglas on the road near
OslH.ru alter heating him. and who
were thought to have started in the,
direction of r,isiu'v min.i
jiI.mt d en ry highway leadtt't; in. '
I !..-. . i. . . . . ..... ...
- ii - -
mi ui i it- s . t'H-r i itv ;
The Churches
Notices to appear in this column !
hereafter must be in The Review ?
cilice net Icter fian Friday eve-
celvnd afcer that time cannct be :
used. ;
- . r. cumus
i Appropriate music
bv the vested
choir.
I nesday, choir practice, S p. m.
1 ITAI XT 1M1HT1.
Rector.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
9:43 a. m. Bible school.
11:00 a. m. Sermon bv pastor."
::0i p. n. B. Y. P l. Jr.
fi:30 p. m. R Y P IV S-
7:30 p. m. Sermon by pastor.
We had announced that we would
be in our new church, but o:i account
cf cold weather, we were not abie to
get our cement steps in. but wilt have
everything ready to hold our services
in new entire's noxt Sunday. February
16. We wan: a'; who can come to be
... ..... k-.- lv. -l
wi,n us pn liuu Ua-V- We trn nt?vor
lhank tM ?ood people of Bisbee
enou"11 f01" their generous donations
to. US.
H. C. COMPTON, Pastor.
PRESBYTERIAN.
Sunday school. 9:43 a. ni.
Morning worship. 11 a. ni.. sermon
topic, 'Theodore Roosevelt."
Evening service. 7: SO p. in.
Address by Prof. W . H. Pr-.tn Jen
burg of Los Angeles on "Condi lions
! in the Near East."
I l he members of the chur:-! session
! are requested to mee; at t-to close of
t"9Jn'
slud-v-
tn? nicrnmg service 'n the pustor's
Allan Krichbaum. Pastor.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE.
The Christian Science society of
Bisbee. Ariz., holds services in the
Odd Fellows' hall every Sunday
morning at 11 o'clock, and Wednesday
evening testimony meetings at S
o'clock.
Sunday school at 1 o'clock.
The public is welcome and invited
to attend. Subject. Sunday. February
9. "Spirit."
We Fought and Won the War to Make the
World Safe for the Smaller Nations
Now Help Tfcem E Kelp TlissiiseSves
ARIZONA CAMPAIGN
FEBRUARY 10-17th
inoaxease
AT GfiAND
FT?"5!
With ALICE
ill!
New York Cast and Production
i VioTV?1 seter and clcaner to We audience tiutt
-v. nuic naynes renews
SEATS ON SALE NOW:
DISABLED SOLDIERS
WILL BE TRAINED
IN SPECIAL VORK
I
Vocational training fir every dis
charged. di. -.it-led soldier !n. by rea
son of hi-s infirmities, m iv not be
al'i-1 to return to the trade, craft or
manner of e:n ;! r.tent pursued previ
ous to hi-i oi.iistment in the army, not
c-nlv is tiie wish of the io evr.meitt.
bin active measures have been 'taken
in this direction. Information on the
subject was re. -iv 1 by Msyor Jacob
r.i n Rson in a It ter from R T. Fls'.ier.
district vocational oiiVor. with head
quarters in the Mona-.h'ock buildi'.:?;.
San Francisco.
The letter says in part:
"It has come to the aiUmion of. the
ie!er;.l board of vocation:1 1 education
that uiany public spirited officials of
the cities aiul towns of this district
no doubt through press of other
business, as yet not informed as to
what the federal board is prepared to
do ir the disabled soldier or sailor.
' The vocational r haoil tation m-t
provides in brief t!-u every soldier
mtd ssuor. who is discharsed from
ihr service for a disability s.aiu-ient
io ci. i'.ie bin. to contpemaiion under
the ;:r risk insurance act. may be
provided by the federal board with a
course of vocation:;! training for a
row oecv.iation. Thisfcourse of train
ing via in aii cases be furnished with
cut cost to the man. and in cases
where his disability prevents him
in til ro oming to ercploymy.it without
training, he will be aliowei by tht
government, as long as he is ia train
ing, at least fS3 per mort.i. ex.'usive
cf any sum paid . his dependents.
Upon completion of bis training, the
federal bor.rd will assist him to se
cistv a suitable p-i.
The ii.-.;or,nt consideration in
this ooniKitirn U to see ih.-t every
discharged, disab'ed soidier ::nl sailor
knows i is rights under the voiaiior.all
rch.ibiiii.uior) act."
CAMPAIGN BEGUN ON
TAIL LIGHT LAWS
. i
With the lining Friday morning of.
11 automobile drivers tor failure toj
have tail lights on thrtr machines j
burning, a campaign h;;s been launch-:
cd by officers in Lowell against viola
tors of the sute highway laws. It
was pointed out by the officers that
it is not only a violation of the Hvv
to fail to display a Ui! light, bat that
it endangers the safety of follow
ing cars.
n tU
COMEDY Or THE. DAY
II w$
I 3
Jean Webster
ENTIRE.
GAIETY
POWERS-THLATBL
CHtCAGOl
HENRY MILDER
HAYRES as "KM
one s taith in tames. Butte
Orchestra, $1.50; H-dccmy, $1.00: Gallery, 50c
GREAT CLEARANCE
Sale Dresses,
Waists and Underwear
EVERY GARMENT IN THE
STORE WILL BE SOLD
AT LESS THAN COST
Including the new spring styles
will j;o in this sale.
WE MUST RAISE $5,000
to pay on our loss by burglary.
VSE WILL ACCEPT LIBERTY
BONDS AND W, S. S.
SAME AS CASH
lRLTITMAN'S
ASHION SHOP : : :
Opp. American Express C.
Phon 7 ' Main St
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
J
fhone 26 Box 1129
PIANO LESSONS
given by graduate of Sasoes Acad
emy. N'ew York. Thorough and cor
rect instruction Tor beginners or
advanced scholars guaranteed.
MRS. MARQUETTE
Opera Drive Orp. High School
HJ A hp n IT
SEASON"
THEATRE.
and a
witnessed "DADDY LONG
Miner. Jan. J, 1919.
pill
i
i m THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1919.
FIVE
EMPLOYES BENEFIT
ANNUAL REPORT
SHOWS DEFICIT
For the first time in its history the
Employees Benefit association of the !
Phelps Dodge corporation. Copper j
Queen branch, showed a deficit ia its
annual statement for 191S, issued dur
ing the week. This amounts to al
most ?30.0ou. "Under the working
agreement it will be made up by the
company. This financial condition is
ascribable to the epidemic of pneu
monia, following influenza, which car
r.o'. Di" a number of the members dur
i;; . : lie latter part of the year and
i. , ;.tated payment of several hun
i.. l benefits for sickness.
The report includes both the Eisbee
and Douglas branches of the benefit
association. It shows that during 1918
Bisbee members contributed J44.113.45 J
and those at Douglas $9,672.07, while
the company contribution was $12,500.
With the interest on average balances,
and the surplus remaining from 1917
of more than ?5000, the total credits
for the year amounted to $71,494.31. i
27 Deaths i
Expenditures included 27 deaths in
Uisbee and eight in Douglas, amount:
ing to $ 19,660. There were S33 acci-!
dent claims in Bisbee and 63 in Doug-!
las. which resulted in paying out $12,-;
752.01. Nine hundred and fifty-five i
claims for sickness in Bisbee and 137 ;
in Douglas cost the association $31,-'
291.06. Expenses of operation were '
$4,247.75, making the total expenditure j
for the year $100,950.S2. '
At the end of 1918 the membership ,
in Blsbe-? was 77 per cent of the total .
number of men employea by the com-'
pany and in Douglas 57.6 per cent. The
rate of contribution from wages for '
the association was 1.75 per cent, j
which would show it to be the cheap- j
est sort of reliable insurance to be j
found. Of the deaths recorded in j
Bisbee 16 were occasioned by influ- j
enza pneumonia, while six of those
in Douglas were from the same cause.
The average death benefit paid was '
$1599. t ? I
Few Serious Accidents j
As far as accidents were concerned, j
the year was a particujarly good one. '
While there were a number of minor i
accidents, there being 742 in the
mines, few proved serious. There were I
!3 accidents among members of the j
association while off duty, resulting i
in the payment of $37S3.73. The aver-j
aze amount of claims for accidents on
duty was $9.6S, while for those off
duty it was $40.68. In Douglas there
were 51 accidents on duty resulting in
payment of $513.50, or . an average
amount per claim of $10.07. The ac
cidents off duty in Douglas were but
12 in number, resulting in payment of
$1273.04, or an average of $lu6.09 per
claim.
Included in the statement of claims
for sickness were three settlements
for chronic ailments, amounting to
$1229.31.
Of of the benefits of the association
afforded sick members shown in its
statement was that six members w-ere
treated at springs and other hospitals
for rheumatism and other ailments, a
HERE'S YOUR INCOME TAX, AND
HOW YOU PAY IT
t Note The income tax has not yet been passed, but will be in a very few days. Although it is still in
conference, the tax for the vast majority of people has been settled, and the following tells our readers what
they want to know. Editor.)
Income tax reports are required of:
A single person whose gross income for the year 1918 was $1,000 or more must file a report.
A married person whose gross income for the year 1918 was $2,000 or more must file a report.
If a husband and wife living together whose gross incomes added exceed $2,000 each shall make a re
turn, unions the income cf both is included in one report.
PERSONAL EXEMPTION.
A single person is allowed a personal exemption of $1,000.
A married person or head of family is allowed a personal exemption of $2,000.
A married person not living with husband or wMfe is allowed a personal exemption of $1,000.
An additional exemption of $200 is allowed for each child or each person (other than husband or wife)
dependent upon and receiving his chief support from the taxpayer, if such dependent person is under IS years
of age or is incapable of self-support because mentally or physically defective.
A husband and wife living together are entitled to but one personal exemption of $2,000; and, in case
they make separate returns, the personal exemption of $2,000 may be taken by either or divided between
them.
THE TAX YOU PAY
Six per cent on net income' not over $4,000 (after deducting the exemption). This is normal tax.
Twelve per cent on net income over $4,000 (after deducting the exemption; that is, first "$4,000 is tax
able at 6 per cent, and all over first $4,000 is taxable at 12 per cent). This is also normal tax.
The surtax, formerly called additional tax, which is in addition to the normal tax, is imposed at
graduated rates upon the ENTIRE net income in excess of $5,000 as follows:
1 per cent on the net income between $ 5.000 and $ G.000.
2 per cent on the net income between $ 6,000 and $ S.0O0.
3 per cent on the net income between $ 8,000 and $10,000.
4 per cent on the net income between $ 10,000 and $12,000.
5 per cent on the net income between $ 12,000 and $14,000.
The surtax rate increasees 1 per cent for each $2,000 up to $100,000; in other words, a net income between
$9S,000 and $100,000 the rate is 48 per cent. TIME AND PLACE FOR
FILING YOUR REPORT.
Reports made on the basis of the calendar year must be filed on or before March 15th, 1919, unless an
extension of time is granted, as was the case last year.
Returns must be made to the collector for the district in which is lucated the legal residence or princi
pal place of business of the person making the report.
WHEN YOU HAVE TO PONY UP.
The tax is payable in four equal installments, as follows:
First installment At time of filing report.
Second installment Fifteenth day of third month thereafter.
Third installment Fifteenth day of sixth month thereafter.
Fourth installment Fifteenth day of ninth month thereafter.
If the full tax is paid at the time report is filed, and provided the tax is not over $200, a discount of
1 per cent is allowed.
Persons having incomes as baiow would compute tax as follows:
SOME EXAMPLES.
Married Person No Children
(Net income of $2,500)
Net income $2,500
Personal exemption 2,000
Single Persons
(Net income of $1500)
Net income $1,500
Personal exemption 1,000
iMarried Person Two Children
(Net income of $3,000)
Net income $3,000
Personal exemption 2.400
Subject to normal tax
at 6 per cent or a tax
of
Single Persons
Net income of $0,000)
$500
$500
0
Net
Per;
income
,onal exemption
G
Subject to normal tax
Normal tax, $4,000 at
per cent
Normal tax, $1,000 at 12
per cent .-
Surtax
$6,000
... 1,000
...$5,000
2-fi
120
10
Subject to normal tax
at 6 per cent, or a tax
of :
Married Person No Children
(Net income' of $6,500)
Net income : $6,500
Personal exemption 2,000
Subject to normal tax
at 6 per cent, or tax of..
Married Person Two Children
(Net income of $7,500)
Net income $7,500
' Personal exemption 2,400
Subject to normal tax .
Normal tax, $5,000 at I
per cent .'.
Normal tax, $500 at 12
per cent
Surtax .'
..$4,500
.$5,100
240
60
20
240
Subject to normal tax
Normal tax, $4,000 at 6
per cent
Normal tax, $1,100 at 12
per cent 132
Surtax 40
Ta' to pay
$370
Tax to pay
$320
Tax to pay $$41i
total of $529.84 having been expended
in this way.
1659 Members Here
The average number of members
during the year in Bisbee was 1653,
I although from quarter to quarter the
I membership fluctuated slightly. In
I Douglas the average number of mem
bers was 338 Americans and 5S Mex
icans. In Bisbee and Douglas the aver
age combined membership exclusive
of Mexicans was 1997.
The protection afforded by the asso-
3..
.9
V t t "a t-fcJW fhtT vw sVTi I
a w A" m hptfi?? ki
Copyright registered, 1919
On the W
rong Irac
Oh, you can't
say
. sometimes you near a man
hurt the battery."
lie forgets to add distilled water.
He steps too long on his starter instead of cleaning
his spark plugs.
He puts in acid instead of having his battery
charged.
He never has a Hydrometer test made.
And when his battery suddenly quits he can't
reaiize that it has been gradually dying from neglect
and abuse.
It's a fallacy to believe that you can neglect any
battery without suffering the consequences.
The Bcne-Dry ViIJard Battery vith Threaded
Tlvbber Insulation is made to give unusual service
cr.d ir.g life, but it must be k'tpt charged, and has
to be cucplicd with puvc water.
elation can be shown by two examples
brought to light by the influenza-pneumonia
epidemic.
Ed Harrington paid in only $1.65, as
he worked but three shifts for the
company after he had beeii insured,
and before he was taken ill. The com
pany paid an ambulance fee of $5 to
have him taken to the hospital. He j
died within a few days and his policy, I
made out to his mother, was paid. She
received $1500.
George H. Wain was in similar cir-
j cumstances except that he worked sev
j en shifts after joining and before be
j ing taken sick. lie had only paid in
i $1.09. hi his case also an ambulance
j fee of $5 was paid by the company
I and following his death his mother, a
j resident of Apache camp, received
$1500. He left two small children.
FUEL SHORTAGE AT
FT. APACHE REPORTED
We test, repair end re
charge storage batteries,
and always carry a full
supply of battery parts,
new batteries and rental
batteries.
LGMAN k WRIGHT, Battery Experts
LOWELL, ARIZONA
A Complete Service Station at Your Disposal
i (By Review Leased Wire)
! PHOENIX, Ariz., Feb. 8 Six feet of
j snow in the White mountains and a
j serious shortage of fuel at Ft. Apache
were reported to the United States
I weather bureau here today in a com
; munication from George J. Henry, ob-
server.
j Speaking of the recent heavy snow- j
fall in the mountains, Henry said that i
a government wagon train had return- j
; ed from Snowflake and reported hard
I going on the trip. Near Cooley's ranch
j they found the snow six feet deep, j
j Mails were delayed by the heavy fall j
j and wagon trains were forced to dou- j
j ble up their teams to make any pro-i
! grefs along the blocked roads. j
All the mountain streams are re-;
I ported to be still frozen over, except
at P.apids. j
I According to Henry's report, the j
I railroad from Holbrook to Cooley's;
! rhould be completed by the 20th inst., '
although the working gangs are se-,
verely handicapped by the drifts and j
the scarcity of labor. j
Mint Jeli
Try Mint
Jiffy-Jell
with roast
lamb or cold
meats. It is
vastly better
than mint
sauce. Try
Jiffy-Jell
desserts with
their real
fruit flavors in essence
form, in vials. Each is so
rich in condensed fruit
juice that it makes a real
fruit dainty. Yet they cost
no more than old-style
gelatine desserts.
4i
10 Flavors, at Your Grocer's
2 Packages for 25 Cents
REVIEW WANT ADS
. BRING RESULTS
U. S. HAS- MODERN
GERMAN HOSPITAL
Business Locals
NOTICE I
To the public and to whom it may:
with tup AiuTTRit v - f mv np concern- nat w. K. Caley is no longer',
WITH TIIL AMLKIUiN r.il.M Ob Lnnnil,ui ,.,,, nichoo Tr.ncfr i
OCCUPATION, Jan. 20.
ence of the Associated
-(Correspond-Press.)
One
Storage & Coal company and they do
Ttrt Vl fl 1 (1 i )l .nil eol 'tn.' raclinnoUili. trw
of the most modern hospitals m Eu-;deDts incurred by him signed thig
600
3G
the medical corps of the army of oc
cupation. The hospital is a combina
tion of American and German advance
ment in this line. During the war, this
hospital, now used for surgical cases
and known as American hospital No.
6, was a part of the garrison of Cob
lenz. When the Germans withdrew
they left all the modern electrical ap
pliances, and the Americans brought
with them the latest improvements in
hospital equipment which was used in i
furnishing No. 6. i
Four other hospitals, under Aruer-1
ican supervision, are being operated
in Coblenz, one of them with 1500
beds. Within the occupied area, there
are nine American hospitals, includ
ing the five in Coblenz. Two of these
are in Trier, one in Prum and another
in Mayen.
While these are knowji as evacua
tion hospitals each of them is equipped
and is functioning as a base hos
pital, being located in buildings eith
er used by the Germans for the same
purpose or in old German army bar
! racks. The hospital staffs- consist of
! about 40 officers each. Approximately
100 nurses have been assigned to each
i of the nine hospitals, in addition to a
large number of enlisted men.
The medical corps of the Third
army is headed by Col. J. W. Grissin
ger of Philadelphia, as chief surgeon,
with Col. H. C. Maddux of Orange,
Virginia, in charge of the hospitals.
25th day of January, 1919.
BISBEE TRANSFER, STORAGE &
COAL. CO. 2-9
PROF. D. J. M ILWEE
Teacher of all dances, will give pri
vate instructions in dancing, lessons
in step dancing, also fancy dancing for
children. Private lessons to teachers
in new ball room dances. Can also be
engaged for concerts and entertain
ments at reasonable terms. Apply 75
Bakersville. Phone 639. Adv.
lectureship of the Mother church, the
First Church of Christ, Scientists, in
Boston, Mass., will deliver a free lec
ture on Christian Science in the Grand
theater this afternoon at 2:30 to which
the public is cordially invited. Adv.
Look! Big sale at Miller's. Get In
on the bargains. Adv.
NOTICE TO PUBLIC ,
The undersigned has bought the
dray and transfer business of George
Eiting and wiil conduct a dray and
transfer business on his own account,
having severed his connection with
the Bisbee Transfer, Storage & Coal
company.
Dated at Bisbee, Ariz., January 27,
1919.
Adv. WM. K. CALEY.
NOTICE OF BIDS TO BE RECEJVED
Bids will be received until February
10, 1919, by the upper Lowell Improve
ment club for the collection and dis
posal of garbage in upper Lowell and
Jiggerville. Apply to committee:
Frank Creasey, 64 Jiggerville, cr F. F.
Underwood, 68 Lowell. Adv.
Painter
Box 150.
and Paper Hanging, Signs.
C. J. BRANDT
27 Broadway. Phone 456.
L. L. Gilman Bells the New Edison,
The Phonograph With a Soul."
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath, 98 Mason
illl, MasoQ car stop. Phone Blue 647.
Private dancing lessons at all hours.
Mrs. Sales' Academy, O. K. street.
Phone 182.
LOWELL GOLD MINING CO.
Special meeting of directors and
stockholders at office of Judge Win
ters, Lowell, Saturday evening, 7:30
o'clock. Important. F. C. Fenderson,
secretary. Adv.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE LECTURE.
Virgil O. Stickler. C. S. B., of New
York city, a member of the board of
AUCTION
Best way to sell your furniture or
merchandise is by auction sale. J. A.
Finney, sr., auctioneer. Phone 257.
Box 17371 2-43-4
NOTICE
Electrical wiring promptly done by
P. C. Lyman. Phone orders to 489,
Bisbee.
WANTED RAGS.
Clean, cotton rags
Review office at once.
wanted at The
Must be clean.
Shoos 'siid Pomps Pi
' mm
mm
mm
r
To match that Summer Frock
The blending of the style of dress and shoe has a definite place in
correct attire, hence we have on display a few of the spring styles.
Prepare for tomorrow to secure a pair of the well-known LA1RD
SCHOBER CO. shoes; by all means get all the style and comfort you
are entitled to. They fit the curves of the feet stylishly and with per
fect smoothness. They look the part in the window and act the part
in performance.
S1. inch lace in Grey Kid. welt sole, Fiench heel, AA to D, l'-
to S, price $15.50
SVi inch field mouse brown, lace, G. W. sole, French heels, "very
classy" A A to D, price .' $15.5G
Hand turned boots, black, lace, Frencli heel, AA to D, price $12.00
Patent Colt, .hand turned pumps, French heel, AA to D, price ....$9.50
Patent Colt, hand turned Oxfords, French heel, A A to D, 2',i to
8, price - $10.00
Dark wine calf, hand trimmed Oxfords, French heels, AA to D, 24 to
8, price $12.00
SEE THE VESTIBULE WINDOW FOR THE SMARTEST SHOES IN
THE COUNTRY
GIVE THAT OTHERS MAY LIVE!
DAN
EAGLES' CLUB
Every
Wednesday and Saturday
EAGLES' HALL
DANCING 8:30 P. M.
LONG'S ORCHESTRA
CITY DYE WORKS
Cleaning & Pressing
Phone 739.
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
Where Your Money Goes
Give! Every penny of every dollar you give
goes to relieve the suffering of some starving
refugee. None of it is used for administrative
expenses either here or abroad. These, even
to the cost of cabling the money are met
privately from funds especially solicited for
the purpose. During the past year the Com
mittee has spent in actual relief work $50,000
more than it has received in contributions, the
difference representing the interest on daily
balances.
The money is cabled to the field through tha
American State Department, and is administered
there by United States Consuls, American
educators, doctors, and other responsible agents
already cn the ground and thoroughly familiar
with the needs.
No direct money aid is given.
What Your Money Buys
The funds are used for the purchase of food,
clothes, and other supplies absolutely essential
if America is to save these siricken Eastern
peoples.
$30,000,000 will feed and clothe for six
months three million refugees, all in desperate
need, and all entirely dependent upon American
aid for the bare necessities of life.
In addition, it will restore to their homes the
nearly two million of these refugees now in
exile in Egypt, the Caucausus, Persia and the
remote districts of Turkish Empire.
It will buy seed, farm implements, cattle and
sheep to enable them to become again an in
dustrious, self-supporting people. If this pro
gram is carried through, the present sufferers
will within a year need little or no further help
from outside.
ARIZONA CAMPAIGN for $150,000-FEB. 10th to 17th
REVIE.W WANT ADS FOR RESULTS, THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1919.
CITY BRIEFSl'MMS ARE BROKEN j EIGHT DEAD, 20 HURT i DEM FOR THEE 0
W. SACRAMENTO HILL) IN EXPLOSION, FIRE I MINE IS BBOrFED
! Has any one visited you? Or have
you entertained? If so. cil The
I
DADDY" LONG LEGS"
FLAYS HERE TUES.OA
r'ilily Lon.a Lot:-:" will be
.tt-
! January broke all previous records
i on Sacramento hill when approximate-
!nu-'iu; :it tb (jr. ml l!i
!!:
.: T
1 1'.y Review I.t-asoil Wire)
! Till iln-.l ..-.,.-....,. .1...
lv ll'.-llhtn vur( nvr,r,lr,n ,...-,0 Pl.lTTSVir T f -:.. ... o , !.. . 1 " -"M".t
TO LOS ANGELES i , . ".-" - - .i., ,., reu. a. i ne per comnanv and Ii. U. UUhcHou o,"
Mr T Ha-Sferleft last night for "'""vea by the steam shovels and death tonight of Edward Ratzoll. 17 l'atagon a for the Th.-c ii i Tin.. t
los i 'VT'1- DUrm? l3St in tw? -vea:-s l,U1- "leased the death list In ! figure reported to be r.o.'U. h ,V 1 U
to k nVa city I shins all previous records for rapid an explosion and fire which wrecked ' dropot-d ,wu.f..lv a.ron.i. - , ,,.
Mrs L J Pal i er" left vesterdiv for ' a"1"11 ?'hen aPPri- th,? three story Realty building today, j peris reaching ,' iron. 'excc!'c!r.
Kan'asitv. ! f!,' 1M00 yards of material was l e,3ht: rly a seore of persons j sour, e. ,a;, in ,he w,tfU. Ave..'
I " " "
!.:v rnht. February 11.
This h i rn i i t it story in book f r.
d' lighted mill :. -:i o n -del-.' ;::(! i!H-:i
Hen-y Miller decided mat In if there
was excellent ie.Heri i t;r a play vut'l
arranged vMi Jean Webster, the anth
er, to c!nin;:ii::e . and tY-i sr, :ess ac-
for which the fe'.iijni!!.- bean
i-i ay i,-,e'i io er.'Ve. The h'lie waif
develop i jfo e. b.-.uniful i--il l and lh"
?i:ir,y saucy letters .-he write h r mi
known !!:.! dian soon begin to i'lterest
.him. II ts.'ts to the college ostens
ibly to visit nis niece and niee.s Judy.
nd Then it is that the charming story
ie;!:is to :;:.ve rapidly and the wbini-
. sji 1mm or. louehin:; pathos ami u ;id
er seiiti ueiU of the succeeding acts
live tin. jdjy a-i indescribable ;.tscina
'"' AU
GOES TO TOMBSTONE.
Attorney .John Mason
were injured by flying debris. whih j the American Siriohiti.sr k U
co:i!fd ir is row st;
hlstcrv.
Ross
s spent
i The top bench at Sacramento hi:t falling walls accounted for the death ! 'o;:
'a n
ow is repo: ted to b
nest?.
IN FROM RANCH.
O. J. .MeC'abe was in the. city yester
day from his ranch in Lie San Pedro
valley.
OVER FROM DOUGLAS.
ti:. !!
ve eii . i-
the U'-
nmor of a .)c;t !
en Ki( hards (, r,i..
It Was renOl'ted a r;U nvnlnctnii ,v.io : A. S. it R inrnrosto
vvhV u . v . " . " "I -sponstoie ior the trasedy and aiso I lr t en esiiiuafd :ec-n;lx
to conserve
I this will be
in
to r.'. ill Ik in ill iniirt!'fr-ii-firTiTrir j ta rnAnn.n ....... .i.. . , .i. ...... ... .
vesterdav in Tombstone on legal l.tsi-' " ' .V V, V " ' i;pa" satnpli:
i wvi vloll lilt? J1U1 111 Mlltf 11 I IS l. ! H-AIIGrtt ru-Tw i ,f 1.. . Wfllell o . ..
tng. mir deal he: vc
I the hill is increasing with each shift.
, It is probable that it will be found
i lie .-'ory is nt a i lettv w:
'. :?nr'a!;d i ! , ':::n as U!tii. . ':o. ;
ibro;ii-'!i the noiosi'y of an ;!'iUtio n !
" i" ;: tor is -it to a vo'.l .. fo- i.i. l-
NF.W 5TA;.'?a
!Hd': . ) i. . !
.-'I !it airj'.'ar.e mail
p.
'- -Tile ;.
setvi'-e siansps
!.e: il r-fetv: I 111 t'l'
rioeillX
OSt
l)Ost'j!l;ce
v 7 ! iui .-':? iraseuy and also Leen eqiiuiii'',! :ec- !i;h t'ev
is is being done, in order , that gasoline exploded and started the !i!t 1;lst -' ''.i"o ton- ,f b,.c r-oi-public
safety. However, I blaze. ! per ore. a vf-i( .:. iro"; i ."". i - .'
arranged with as little Firemen had been called to a trivial ! ( ,'n- had been blocked out a; "in- Tiv -'
Lt. Scott P. Schafrer was in the city ! inconvenience to the nublic -is i os , , "wn 'lUl0a 10 a tnvia' T , " u"
ye,teruav from Doueias where he is IhiIm l PUWlC SS blaze beiore the explosion, which blew t v. l""l,Pe '-ty.
ye.-.terdav from Doucias where he is sible . nUle n.e eApu,sion. wuu n Dlew t r'-i" ' . av,,,lml; .r.e cor.-.,v,n
stationed at present. j The new water softening riant fo- -Ut , tOUr, of tl,e Re;llt-V bl,iK1- ' a', " OVtr a L(",1 ,niil ril"-
WHITNEY I N CITY. 1 Sacrament h!l7 "now if hau. "Jfl,. a'S. .k?.wn " ,,,e rehan.l the ore is not of ,o nv a
formerly an attor-i about 10U.O-..0 gallons of water dailv ores, oftiees and ! "- ; " ' os-.s .u-
,!tv vp.t. V.'htU i..H, -.,... t i l!- ' " 'e.'OIie,, mat l;'Vf WO
- .- "me .-nielli mi iuniiriiis ill eiuiu- at
3
phides from the Junction water, soft
L. P.. vrnitney
ney here, arrived in the
day from Phoenix for a short star.
YOUNG IN CITY.
George Young, secretsry of the Can
anea Consolidated Copper company,
was in the city yesterday from h:s
headquarters in Cananea.
STORK PAYS VISIT.
- Dorn, to Mr. and Mrs. T. Kelly, yes- i Sacramento hill work.
terday a daughter. .Mr. Kelly is a j
member of the state engineer!:?'.; ' MJJ '-R F1M1CT4
force, now v. orkii bt-vond Ton:b- ! .th'. .l'
stone.
HOFFWAN IS VISITOR
slight adjustments in eouip
ment probably will le found neces
sarv in tht m-.iTi-i tn ntun n ;
iimmisn'nf o- cn....i ! . j Iefcris was thrown about the streets1
ject. which is to precipitate the sul- fnd powered upon surrounding build-i said, was probablv
r - j-i H r- K
n -rs :. i t7 ,?.
A.' ..' t
Most of the victims were kii'e.i n,,t. ,' oue '"' "f 1'-t n
;,T ; .. .. i ent a nil ti.nin-
. . . IlllJL kir Lilt? t'OOMIlS IM THii lilll0,..r .-i..i.
m ne main mi n ant oivee i . . . ' uu.imnf
i ings, but the fire
eninir it antl niaVino- it nonhl ; sPreal'ng.
steam shovels and locomotives in the I -KvPnt. the serios'-v
it. tx. v ii-KfTfl, a youth
i , ..-.i, ...... i . i ..
....o iNrirmru UUIII t ilari'V Hue k '.Vtv; h. ii bj Sf."i!!-.T. hi
. . , ;'" fP!osion occurred. A r.' ear
injured were 1 son ,-f Kev.-on .. ,- u u,, -...
it was ported sci iously i.tjorea.
r'iOAY, EBKU.ARY 14TH
1 CNG'S ORCHFSTRA
"With i
Vcu C
Gave Jii
ej J Vi i
Said
1! My II- ait I Wish
1 ?. cr:". Then lie
Che k for
Si.r oo.oo
If y.'.l ecu!;'
the tra;c
'!" the
its
:n
TIIK XI-iAi; L'AST
Vciu Would
GIVE THAT OTHERS MAY
LIVE
Ari?cna's Drive for $150,000
men
who.
FOLLOWING ARREST i
C. E. Hoffman cf Cananea. m?n?;pr
of the Democrata Mining Company,
arrived here yesterday for a short
stay and is a guest, a the Coppei
Queer, hotel.
TO ADDRESS RED CROSS.
Mis. John J. Lane, for the Anti
Tubercuiosis society, will address
members of the Red Cros at the Y.
M. C. A , ?,londay, February 10. at
2 r'clcck. A full attendance is urged
T-i. .. c : . . - . - . .
x me in st arrest in connection witn t
alleged sales of below-standard milk ' ji
was made yesterday afternoon, result- j
ing in a jdea of guilty on the part Lei
i of A. Karam and the assessment ' r
of a fine of $5 by City Judge.John W. j f
Hogan. Karam set up the defense h
that he had purchased the milk from 1 .
otners and did not know it to be not '
up to the city standard. This plea j
merely drew a stern statement from !
known
-Hey,
c ii i Irman
arvivel ii;
Judge Hogau in which he threatened
s heavier fines for a second of-
. , fi3.,t.rt T-V. . . I . . -
of Suinhiir Soring i " ' 1 tuuipiann ;as sworn to
rins FOTTER HERE. juuge itogau in wnicti he threatened k' v
Mrs. J. Tuck Potter, wife of a well ! to assess Heavier fines for a second of- i v
ihc cii- vesterdav L'T- tJuriee, city ana county bacter
'o drive brtK a Ford err purchfjsed K"!SI- ;
,ro:i F.aak C. Hicdsoe, local .ent.i The weekl' analysis of milk samples ' t
' j made by Dr. Durfee shows several of -
ii a i trtiiv.iL t.ojinitinui'u
I the dealers to bo below the standard, rra
,,33nial7,iw:"0ihelll,00d KU- a Uher in butter fat. the minimum for fcl
tneeung last mgat. attendance being i which is 3.23 per cent, or total solids, fej
ccod. Tnree aprlication ? for mem-1 vaich is 12 per cent. 3
' '4
! 1,000,0C0 LBS COPPER
! SHIPPED BY SMELTER it
. ership were voted on. A program
was then given by the social com
mittee, followed by refreshments oi
'o."fc and rake.
-i. iuudy"' Dcyle of this cifv ro-
ARTCRAFT SPECIAL, TOD
V7
V!
, .. TO H
ARTCRAFT SFECIAL. T
, v
V ' M - J X I
; ;; '.-,: - -?
VS?-'.'
' ' i-. . f . :: .' s
, ;-
.jy-
tii.-.i ik-i W
. ii ! . :
-rt- - i H. i i-Vtv Ci"iO i
T
'THE I
The ConsnlirlatoH Arimno
eived a telegram frcm his son Hr.rry, ! company, at Humboldt, shipped during h
..io in nt- iti-i), staung mat .ne : the month of Januarv 1,070.000 pounds f
v r s ler.vin.-i- for a voyage to South j of copper. C
An-rica. Tom. another of bis sons,! From the Blue Bell and De Soto '
who is :n tfe 3-;0-h fie'.l artillery, now mine.-, the total shipments of ore sent fir
.va gir -no m (I rraar.y also wrote : to Cue reduction works amounted to
i :i recently. i 12.600, a creditable increase over De- I'-'
CHILD IS IMPROVING. I cember. P
The infant daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 1 The concentrator at Humboldt treat- p
A. J. Harmon, who was burned badly ' ed a total of 8250 tons of material, t
fibout the face and torso by hot grease ( while the smelter handled 12.S00 tons
which t he pulled off the stove, early ! of new metal bearing material, includ- f
last week, was reported last night ; ing domestic and custom.
to be improving. Mrs. Harmou, i fcV
whose arms were badly burned in art GOING TO MINE. '
effort to shield the child, also is re-' A party of Lowell men. including
ported to be getting along well. i Gus Iiorrego, Tate brothers and sev- H
MARRIED HEP.c. - . eral others, will leave today for the ;
Ralph Carrier, Troop L 17th caval-: p; opertv of the Jewell Oold Atininp-'. I'A
ry, stationed at Camp Harry J. Jones, company in the Qjiiotoa mountains
near Iuglas. and Miss Marie Levy 80 miles south of Tucson, to inspect t'l
cf this city, were married yesterday ; the ground and lay plans for operation t'-
!iienioon uy justice oi tne reace ; it is planned to have a mill on the i f;
jduies Aiiin at i.i" city nan. uney ground and operating within the next I. J
ieft for Doughtr; soon after the cere- 30 days. Mr. l orregj said last night Us
n.ony. Trey vii make their home In, DAISY CROUP OPERATIONS
the smel'er city. : Operations at the Daisv group, con-;
IS EXPECTED HOME. i sisting of 13 patented claims in the
Tcte Bortalnni. an employe of the : vicinity of Don Luis and adjoining 1
ShattUCk Arizona Onnrrr romnanv- ; tho Wh-: to T" . i 1 T . . .. .. .1 i : . l it. '
i - ' , v..w . . . -1 v tin feci aiiu 1 1 1 Si ue I . v lit
prominent in Elk circles, and a lead-; properties, are proceeding steadily ' clearance sale still going on at
In? figure in the Liberty bond, W. S. S. . with the idea of developing what is ' -Miller's. Drop in and save money on
and other patriotic drives last fall, . considered a promising prospect A i mpn's furnishings. Adv.
is expected to return here from the i 75 foot, two comparment shaft has j
coast some time today. Mr. Bertalajii ' teen put down. The erection of the I 0CKHILLS STAGE
has been visiting relatives in San ! gallows frame for the shaft was com- j Bisbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee
Francisco since the m.ddle of Decern- pleted jesterday. Mike Foudy is part I Bisbee Auto company, 745 a m 1 sd
i"""cl "im luauugcr oi me group. p. m. fnone Bisbee 5.
S Ir-v.f-'K:-f.- .- - v.-'i. . :- v.-.:. .t:,
; c-i -X ' tiit ?r5 .' .... a -v . T V "
1 L'- Xi'f1 -T i.-' ; -'.C -: -! . 7 ' ' x "T!
; kt :.r?'L; -.VV--1 ' ri " :: - -' - "
! y ;- :-r i--s- ?( ' ' . ? :,: '.
1 tv'i -.--'"-. V- V. -? - -1 . - -'.v. i-' i - v . '. . fl'
t-"'-? k-'ifHi :' ' ' -- .'-' -" i V-V-
ft!
1
w I .-.-j i Jt
It
ti.., i'1 C J
-- 1 -1 . .
i of f-ci.
t.
you Ii:-.-And
- :'?-v 2, is visible in
. . 5 r
cry.
rt'n- delhtr.'.i love
-o a red.
1 :&
tt-"vJ vr-a
Mil
ALSO, A TRIAHGLE KE i S iO'NE COMEDY
i?
V A
FT?
J ?
ADMISSION :
LOWER r'LOGH, 25c:
T!ils include
S Vv'i
iLSMI JKtM 1JT3.-1 fll-l -.-r ...
Adv
ONLY
f
- THEATER
Continuous
i:uu to 11:00
P.M. g:
SHOW STARTS 1 : CO, 3:00, 5:00, 7:C0 AND 9:C0 P. M.
Monday
illUJ
Select P.-esen.s
1T1 r.
JESSE L. LASKY PRESENTS CECIL B
DeMILLE'S
1 A .""t
fA f3Jj SIR
w
A3 EDITH CAVELL, THE RED CROSS NURSE
IN A 7-ACT PICTURIZATION OF
With an ail star cast
AN ARTCRAFT PICTURE
fi Does ycur husband ever wish you were young again? What do the years thai
i . c v x r.si
SI w t .
ing and the silver threads that are coming mean to you?
-also-
are pass-
t:
R ir (F.
Ne
w
LI
-a
I!
4
'ARTi-iUri.
I V
"THE
CAVELL
- r -' --
CASE"
News Oxf all the World. Sees ail knows all. And. for a cod laugh, Wm. Fox oresenti B
social rsraies
5
f iV
I
S?ECi AL J vlUSIC IjY CRIBBLE'S G-PIECE
CI-lCHESTTtA, CCavILIE; ICING G O'CLOCK
i 7K n n fc
Lower floor, 13c, war tax, 2c, total I5c Balcony 9c, war tax lc, total 10c ?
Pacnnr.l 00 ... ... V- 1-1-1 O I-
iei.mcu acaia a..!-, war icxa. ot, lUlal liDC
rG10RROW:-EiH)
it
in
"A DESERT W00ff" j
HON 13 TENSE, DIRECT, COMPELLING, THE INTEREST NEVER LAGS
- " - -O" w - i'-v-
T ' . . ...
ar.ci '.vct case is cited ai
LA5iAKLLY AC I l ER CO:.:! IITVF.D ON HUMANITY.
FOX COiViEDY in tvo Is wllh HA NK MA NM if C.?,4 SI? 1 INTO
(GIVE THAT OTHERS MAY LIVE)
rii Liiis rorcri, ivo.rT ;i. rr r,':!"- , n -1-..-. - i , :il- 1 1
- - ' r;:; ;; . -- "4 u!i:.in.,s .c v.mh.i. .ipuiciTciy i.v: cnai
ainsi o-erm?-:: ne rissr.o t..iir voa is on ihc tongue 01 every guardian ot ius'.ice
THE AIG3T VA"
DON'T F:JSS IT.
LOVE'3
ADMISSION;
CI:LLDRL"N, 15c;
RESERVED, 25c;
t
:c.c:
!1 Tf
0
5 m mroraM
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 21, NO. 234.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
Leaders of Pershing's Fighting Men Give High Praise to Y. M. C. A.m
Investigation Proves Devotion and Efficiency of Workers in France
1 o
mm
-J
'4
i
-
Rank and File Gladly Do
Justice to the Men and
Women of Red Triangle
James G- McNary, Ell Paso Banker, on Special Mission to
Battle Front, Declares Criticisms of Organization
Unfounded and Due to Prejudice, Ignor
ance or Ingratitude ; Great Diffi
culties Overcome in Work
BY JAMES GRAHAM M'NARY
President First National Bank, of El Paso
I wish to make it clear that in this
article I am dealing with the work
of the Y. M. C. A. in general and
not in any detail. The latter would
require a book, rather than a news-,
paper article. I want to help those
who desire the truth, and who favor
justice and lair play, to answer
the general question: Was the gTeat
work ot the Y. M. C. A. with the
American Expeditionary forces a
splendid success, or was it a sorry
failure. Can we ever hereafter
point with pride" to its part in help
ing win the war, or must we everlast
ingly be apologizing for its failures
and shortcomings? Do we deserve
the sturdy defense In '"Leslie's" for
January 25th. entitled, -Fair Play for
the Y. M. C. A.." or have we merited
the weak apology in "Life" for Jan
uary 23d, entitled, "The Y. M. C. A.'s
Shortcomings?"
The Y. M. C. A. was doing war work
under war conditions not running
a pink tea! We are entitled to be
judged by the same standards which
are applied to our great natural war
effort, which, in spite of necessary
blunders, and mistakes, achieved a
glorious success.
Spirit, Mind and Body
Because of the wonderful opportun
ities offered by the war of serv
ing soldiers, not only of the American
Expeditionary forces, but the soldiers
of all nations included in the allied
armies, the Y. M. C. A. has become an
institution of increased international
importance. It has taken a position
in the minds of the people, not only of
America, but of the whole world, sec
ond in importance to no other great-world-wide
beneficent institution. It
is unique in it3 character, because of
the fact that it deals not alone with
the spiritual, the physical, the mental
and moral welfare of the men, but
combines the three, as indicated by
its emblems, the Red Triangle, sym
bolical of the spirit, mind and body.
The Y. M. C. A. was the first great
organization to be ready to meet the
calsfor service in ministering to the
' all around welfare of the American
soldier. At the time of the historic
Columbus raid, when American troops
were mobilized on the Mexican bor
der, the call went out for the need
for welfare work among the soldiers
and. within three days' time the "Y"
was on the ground with men. build
ings and materials to serve the Amer
ican soldiers at Columbus, New
Mexico.
Showed Itself Ready
Following the Columbus raid, when
the American army and the National
Guard was mobilized' on the Mexican
border to the extent of over 100.000
men, the Y. M. C. A. showed itself
ready and able to meet the call for
service to the soldier boys. .
Likewise, it' was first on the
ground, ready and equipped for work
among the American troops in Eu
rope, as soon as th,e first representa
tives of our great army set foot on
the soil of France. .From that date to
the present, the work has expanded
by tremendous strides until it in
cluded in its personnel a fair sized
army of men and women and its last
annual budget called for the expen
diture of the tremendous sum ot
SI 00,000,000.
The American people have ex
pressed their approval and endorse
ment of this organization and its
work in the. most generous manner
and they have the right to know
whether the trust committed to this
association has been faithfully dis
charged. Injustice to Y. M. C. A.
During the last few months there
have been many criticisms of the as
sociation's work among the American
Expeditionary forces, voiced both by
our returning. soldiers and by letters
from those in France, and also by
critics in the public press. These
criticisms have come to the ears ol
every thoughtful and fair minded
man and woman in America and they
have wondered as to the actual facts
in the case. Many newspaper corre
epondents. while stating the case ol
the Y. M. C. A. with some degree ol
fairness, have, either through preju
dice cr because of lack of facts done
the Y. M. C. A. a manifest injustice
Underlying all these criticisms, there
is undoubtedly a grain of truth, a:
this organization, due to stress undei
which it has labored, has not beet
abls to show l0i per wat eClcienc)
any more than any other joverpmeat
agencies bare shown 1W per cant ef-
ficiency in meeting the enormous de-1
manda which the war has put upon
them.
; In reading the newspaper criticisms ;
or the work of the Red Triangle, I
: have found many cases where the '
writer was either "damning with!
faint praise." or clearly hostile ana
unfair to the subject be was dealing I
with.
For the benefit of those friends
and supporters of the "Y" who j
are greatly disturbed by the
petty criticisms, of home coming
soldiers, I suggest that in 99
cases out of 100 a deeper probe
will find a fount of real appre
' ciatipn for what the "Y" did for
them. Also, while giving them
full credit : for their bravery,
heroism and many noble quali
ties, I would suggest that not
every soldier boy is a regular lit
tle George Washington in his de
votion to the truth. I heard one
tell an open mouthed audience
that the -Y" charged him 80c for
a package of Camel cigarets, and
in the next breath state that
there were 500,030 American sol
diers killed in France!
Personal Observations
As I enjoyed an exceptional, oppor
tunity to observe the work of the Y.
M. C. A. among our soldiers in France. !
I wish to state, for the Tirst time In
public print, the results of my obser-!
rations. I ill endeavor to submit
evidence in proof of the great et -
ficiency and splendid success of the
work of the American Y. M. C. A.
among the soldiers in France, and. at
the same time explain, as far as I am
able, the reason for the criticisms of
this work. To give tne more weight
to my testimony, I will first indicate
the opportunity which I had for ob
servation, v-
I was sent to France on a special
mission by the Y. M. C. A. War Work
Council. I carried with me a letter
from Dr. iohn R. Mott, the head ot
the War Work Council, to A E Car
ter, chief of the Y. M. C. A. service
for the American - Expeditionary
forces. This letter read, in part, as
follows:
"We are sending overseas- James
G. McNary, of El Paso. Texas, for a
very important piece of work in
preparation for our great campaign.
Our whole executive committee and
my colleagues are in favor of hia be
ing shielded for this special mission
. . . We are anxious that you
should facilitate in every way in
your power .his securing the maxi
mum touvfa with our secretaries
everywhere. No matter what the
difficulties in the way, you will agree
with us that very large service can
be accomplished by having hint de
vote his whole attention to this mat
ter while he is overseas."
Moved Freely in France
In addition to this Credential from
Dr. Mott. I received, after reaching
France, a special pass from the com
mander in chief, which nermitted me
to move freely throughout the entire!
American lines without the delays !
and difficulties incident to ordinary
travel in the military areas. This j
pass, which gave specific permission I
to visit a large- number of points. I
was accompanied by a letter which
read, in part, as follows: !
"Travel Permit No. 1751 is issued I
under special instructions from the
commander in chief, American Bxpedi- j
tionary . forces, and Mr. McNary is j
hrphT prunfiwl TiArmieonn Tn rtrrw-.
eeed to such places as he may deem
necessary, even though they do not
appear on the face of Travel Permit:""" au "st-n n earuer aa:e
No. 1751." regarding the prices charged by the
With these and other credentials, I
ras able to move freely over the en
tire area occupied by the American
army and also the armies of the al
lies. Among the points in France
and Belgium which I visited and ob-;vried and useful service rendered
jerved the work of the Y. M. C. A., jto the army in France by the Young
were the following: (Men's Christian association prompts
Paris. Bordeaux. St. Nazairre.ime to join in the appeal for its
Havre, Brest. Tours. Chaumont, j financial support. I have opportun
Troyes. Dijon, Longres. issur Tille. I itv to observe its operations, nieas
Epinal. Belfort, Challons-sur-Marne j re the quality of its personnel and
Clairemont. St. Menehould. Verdun, mark its beneficial influence upon
S penary. Chateau Thierry. Amiens. 'our troops, and I wish unreservedly
AbbeyTille. Popering. Cac sell. Yprea, to commend itB work for the army.
nd scores of smaller villages where "PERSHING."
Mir troops wtre billeted. ; General Sample Approves
r!i?d.MaryrindS 1 Brig. Gen. W. R. Sample expressed
Because of ta Mtensive CQulBt.ihtaj9Blf , th very strongest poI-
TL V.a?6!! m"iCaarrr,lb,e regarding the efficiency
whom 1 h.ad had the opportunity of
meetig at El Paso and Fort Bliss. I (Cotmuei on V5 Th..-
found myself each day of my travels
i among friends, who facilitated my
i work and gave me their impressions
! of the work the Y. M. C. A. was ear
: rying on.
i I can say without reservation
i that among all the army officers
; and men whom I met in France
. . and with whom I talked, I did
J not hear one criticism of a seri
ous or fundamental nature in re-
gard to the work, the methods,
the management or the efficiency
of the Y. M. C. A. or its represent-
tatives; and such minor criti
cisms as I heard were easily
! answered or explained. These
minor criticisms were so far
overshadowed by the great
weight of approval that they did
! not seem to me to be worthy or
serious consideration. In most
instances they were proven to be
without foundation; for instance.
n discussing the work of the
Y" with me. a general in com
mand of a division then engaged
in. the combat area, said that he
felt the "Y" men had 'fallen
down" in not setting suddIics uo
to his troops in the front lines.
This criticism was immediately
answered by his own chief of
staff, who was a party to the
conversation and who accepted
the entire pesponsibility for tne
failure of the Y" men to bring
forward their supplies promptly,
because he himself had been ab
solutely unable to furnish the .
necessary transportation which
the director of the "Y" work had
repeatedly and urgently asked
for.
A Memorial Service-'
The first and most outstanding im
pression which I received of the
work of the Red Triangle in France
was in its universal nature. The "Y"
man and his activities were, abos
lutely ubiquitous. Wherever the
American soldiers were found, the
Red Triangle was in evidence. It
seemed extraordinary to me that the
activities of the institution could
have been so extended and the ground
so fully occupied in such a short time.
When I walked down the gang plank
from the ship which carried me over,
I saw the ,"Y" sign and a splendidly
equipped canteen before I had taken
1 20 steps and from then until I left
France I was scarcely for one hour
lout of sight of the Red Triangle. I
i might add that I spent several days
I in England and the same statement
could be made with equal truth of the
work there. I traveled over 4000
miles in France and not only did I
find the "Y" hut and the "Y Guy"
as the boys call him, literally every
where in evidence and doing his ut
most to contribute to the comfort and
happiness of the boys, but everywhere
I went I saw the boys accepting and
apparently enjoying the hospitality
and f entertainment offered, taking it
as a matter of course, to be sure, and
in most instances taxing the accom
modations of the "Y" to the very
limit.
Evidence of High Approval
Part of my mission was tpgather
letters regarding the work and ef
fectiveness of the Red Triangle. The
original of all of these letters I now
have in my possession. Most of them
have never been published and I sub
mit them herewith as evidence from
the highest sources as to the charac
ter of the work which the Y. M. C. A.
was doing. I wish to call attention
to the fact that these were written
during- the latter part of August.
1918. or a little over two months be
fore the signing of the armistice, so
that they cover the woik of the Y. M.
C. AI not in its earlier stages, but
after .our trooDs had actually been
t engaged in combat for over three
months.
Before submitting the letter of
General Pershing, I wish to state
that this letter was written a
few ydays before I had the
pleasure of calling on General
Pershing At that time, in ex
tended conversation, he ex
pressed himself to me in words
of the highest praise and appre
ciation of the work which the Y.
M. C. A. was doing among his
troops.
He voiced no word
of criticism,
wa-T''. though he referred to the
dissatisfaction among the soldiers
i in tneir canteens, Mhtch dif
ficulty, he stated, had been entirely
cleared up. General Pershing's mes
sage reads as follows:
"A sense of obligation for the
SOCIAL
Parent Teachers Meeting
Discusses Teachtt-aga.
The Lowell Parent-Teachers associa
tion held its monthly meeting last
i ii n r i v ovoninir i t ka r nn ii
laci mat me dhi permits the com
munity to vote the necessary bonds
making a teacherage possible, but
does not give the school board trus
tees this power.
i as minimum wage law." as ap
plied to teachers,
"should oe aeita
m. i-une;i iven dv Mrs. lierau Sberman on
school. One of the -interesting feat- Friday. Mrs. Lane expects to com
ures of the program !was the talk on ,,u.0 her month s work here on next
-Need of a Teachetage." by C. F. Tuesday.
Philbrook. Emphasis was laid on the '
rs. saidProf. Philbrook iabIe were Udanies Mcllenry. Mo
rftated by representa- i sler' XV- a Gohring. Walter O'Malley,
i ' 1 . I linn l" " - a. . il r .
lives of the Barents' rather than hv
the school, teachers." The initiative ;rowu and w- H- Holeombe.
in the teacherage problem was taken
by the lowell Parent-Teachers associ-' More Cna,n Parties,
ation some time ago, and a committee i RcwlU hostesses entertaining with
was appointed to get data on the sub-i fcslia Parties were: Mesdames C. M.
ject. An address was given bv Dr. iL;, n" F- K- Shine. A. T. Sowles. C. T.
Bloiue. The coiuinittee serving re-" Knapp, J. S. Dymock and J. P. Wil
freshments was composed of Mrs. j l-mson. These parties have takeu
Dodds, Mrs. Wilson and Miss Monroe, i the forni of teas. bridge parties, sew-
, ing teas and evening musicals, one of
State Nurse Talks I ,h1i.X wa recently given by Mrs.
T - Williamson for a few musical friends.
To Several Audiences. j
Mrs. John J. Lane, w ho has been in j Red Cross Shop
the dist:i:t. in the interests of the Needs Clothing.
state Anti-Tuberculosis society, mak-' The Red Cross shop needs its stock
ins a survey of the pithjic health con-; .eplenished a.sain. if it is to continue
ditions in this community, has made ': to supply useful clothing at a nom
a number of talks ti audiences of j innl sum. Clothing or anv description
people interested in these problems, j in good condition and clean is wanted.
Well versed in her subject, with ex
cellent training as a background and
a thorough knowledge of conditions
here a3 a result of her survey. Mrs.
Here You Are,
. BY BIDDY BYE.
It's not HALF so niiuh fun to re
ceive a valentine as it is to MAKE
one!
Give the children the opportunity
hir nnr T a . i
their finrers in the damtv use of
paper and paste by using these home
made valentine patterns.
The materials cost only a few cents
and rrovide unlimited entertainment
and pleasure ror small hands and
beads.
Spread paper oa the floor or a larg?
table in preparation for the "Valen
tine party." Provide several shil'.ow
saucers of t'iour and water paste with
small brushes or toothpicks for
pasters. Give the youngsters round-
i Ss j
v? k ; X C '
. ::V,l.i'- !
NEWS OF
Lane made very strong talks before
the Women's club last week, the
Twentieth Century club last Tuesday.
the Y. W". C. A. on Thursday and at a
i . .
Country Club Party.
Mis. Alexander Murry and Mrs.
Tokio Shikamura will be the hostesses
at the Country club on next Tuesday
afternoon. Lat week those bavins
;GUim Allen. E. C. Campbell. Bertram
especially, the following: Shoes, chil
dren's clothing and men's suits.
Those in charge of the shop are very
anxious to co-operate with the federal
Kiddies! Some Patterns fori
, Home-Made Valentines!
pointod scissors, several . sheets of
heavy red paper, white paper, a few
sheets of goid and silver paper, am;
all the scraps of lace paper that can
be collected irom soap and candy
boxes. Water-color paints or colored
crayons add to the fun and the ef
fectiveness of the finished valentines.
Teach the children to color the birrts
and butterflies in natural colors. An
older person should work with the
children to help and instruct Mhem.
The grown-up should cut a large num-
Der 01 hearts in different sizes from
ou ..- . ...
cnuaren dispose them as they desire.
The little folks ran manage to cut
the larger patterns by themselves.
Little verecs should be written tn-
sife each valentine.
Provide pieces of scarlet yarn and
ribbou to tie the missives, or use scar
let taftij or twisted crepe papor rope.
5?kw the youngsters how to fold their
0,,n envelop.
By using scraps of lac pnr. frills
WARR
lahor employment ateut in obtaining
warm bedding for men .soing out to
d. road work. The donation of
blankets snd vom forts will heln mei
lhi need.
Choral Club Will
! Resume Meetings.
The Woman's Choral xlub will re
sume work Monday evening at 7: SO
o'clock, after two weeks' interruption,
due to influenza. In the interim spe
cial music has been t-eceived, the
study of which will be begun at once
All members and others interested
in music are requested to be present' , s 1,1 ,n 'ai'teria on Sat
Monday evening. j urday night. Among those present
Dinner for Guests.
Mis. D. M. Sharratt or JiggervilJe.
gave a dinner ou Thursday, honortni:
Mrs. J. W. Crawrord or Soanscha. N.
M.. and her daughters. Mrs. Joe Milli
gau and Mrs. Jim Hobbs of . Warren.
Mrs. John Hobbs of Jiggerviil- and!
.Mrs. Ruth Sawyer of Scanscha.
Enjoyable Birthday Party.
The biithday of Miss Nellie Ryan
was the occasion of a delightful sur
prise party given for her at the Phelps
Dodge club rooms last Tuesday even
ing. Mrs. and Mrs. Bl-.ike. Misses
Nellie and Winnie Ryan and Mr.
John Smith furnished the vocal
music. Dancing was enjoyed by the
jea oy tnf
following guests,
Misses Naomi and
Ruth Callison. Fran.-es n1 n-vW.
Cuhn . k-,n,;,i.. v" t' v
er. Gertrude Sparks. Matilda Wasser.
Blanche Campbell, Margaret Clemo.
i
u. '
Here are pattern, for heart, in two:
sizes, darts, cupid, butterfly, wreath :
and blue-bird.
i i
, ... k..t
white water-color paper.
Let kiddie,
cut them out and paint or color with :.
crayons. Paste on red or white paper
"
of different colored tissue paper, tiny
pictures cut from magazines, anil
plenty of imagination and patience
any mother can use the x valentine
making to amuse a half dozen children
for a long time.
Bits of stiff cardboard mav rn.
wasted rn the ha.-V- of th ur,
to act as supports and make them
"stand up."
Clever valentine place-cards for the
grown-ups' party may be made by the
childreu. Cut medium sized hearts
from red cardboard. Cut two slits in
the center and insert a dart cut from
white or gold papvr. Red papr hearts
cut in different sues and strung on
scarlet yarn make ert'ective table or
room decortkns.
U the children are smatl. an rider
perscu should mke several designs in
simple vV.entu.es (or the little tvMk to
copy. Do not let ehUJrcu work over
the papers until tired. It is better to
have several short valentine rcukinj-i
than ne too long and exciting.
Ivy Huckerage, Marie Jeffery. Irene
Kay. Loreua McQuiltiatu. Minnie Rvan
and Mesrs Billy and Charles Sullivan.
Jonn Dickinson. Joe Flint, Mike Monag
ban. Pat Smith. Jess Puryear, John
son. Callison and Pat Dwyer. Miss
Nona Heevher served the tefresh
ments. Mrs, Nimitt. Mrs. Hugh Shaw
and Mr. and Mrs. I lake ere the
chape rones.
Baptist Ladies Aid.
The meeting of the Baptist ladles'
Aid on Thursday was held in the
j .lurch "J p,"s w,, Ulila for the
were .Mesoaines A. T. Morgan. M 1
miner, j. . Perron. J. P Peamer, F.
A. Hall. Frank Mosler. II. C. Comp
ton. W. T. Bryan. Mrs. Mary Coinp
tou and Miss Syvilla Perron.
Entertains at Bridge.
' At Mrs. Frank Wheelers on Satur
day utiernoou the following ,-ame in
ror bridge: Mesuames Uohrinc. Buck
waiter. Mitchell. Lynn. WooJs. !u
Gallagher and Miss Crockett
Visits in Douglas.
Mrs. A. W. Colton Is spending this
week-end in Douglas.
Party for Blind Fund.
Mrs. A. T. Sowle recently
enter.
i.i,IMi K . ...
"... m"Z , V'V P-
v .Vu",,u ,u"u- 1 no J " her
nosi'iumy '
ere Mesdames Irvine
Rawlings. Tenny and Mrs. Sims.
Women's Club Hostesses.
The hostesses for the Women's Huh
meeting on February 14 will be an-
nouuce.1 in Cie early nart of nevi
J week. One or th new members Mr
j H. 1). Ross. Jr.. was voted in at a r-
Alumni Dance.
One of the first dances to celebrate
the removal of the quarantine ban wiw
that of the High School Alumni given
, in tne nigh school gymnasium last
J night.
Entertain Informally.
I Mr. and Mrs. Robert Barkwill. win
are living in Bakerville. for the pres
ent, entertained a few friends In-
I formally last Tuesday evening. Mr.
I ltarkwill is one of the engineers on
! the new Douglas road project.
j Plan Motor Trips
. For Spring Days.
With .prospects of beautiful spring
; days coming, mauy motor trips are
being planned. Ccchise stronghold, a
i very beautiful spot, is the choice of
ihe w. H. Bmp'iys this Simdav. the
weather permitting. The Notmans
: are also planning to go to the inter
' estiug old town of CourtlanJ. An
; other motor party is to be made up
i by Mr. and Mrs. John Mason Ross.
! Dinner Parties Revive
! With War Ban Lifted.
I Dinner parties, a torm of entortain
: lug. necessarily ueglected during war
: time, bids well for a popular revival.
! With the countless tales our home
j coming men will have to tell, no bet
ter setting could be arranged than
! friends intfmately grouped around a
i restive board. Mr. and Mrs. W. H.
! Brophy were Ihe guests of honor on
! last Wednesday of Mr. and Mrs. C.er
: aid Sherman. Mr. and Mrs. John Ma-
; sou koss and Miss Rita Mav
were
among tne guests.
; Country Club Party
j For Blind Fund.
I The guests (. Mrs. W B. C.ohring
at the Country club on Tuesday aftprv
;oon playing cards for the benefit ot
the blind Tund were: Mesdames Rro
; phy. Not man. Houle. Curry. Ross.
Shine and Miss May.
Entertains With Bridge,
Miss Jane Irving was another
hostess entertaining with bridge thU
Mesdames Rawlings. Meyer.
.--tuii cum in-iijanuu uauagner.
coming in to
tea later In the aftei
i ",v '
Mesdames AYoods. M
C.regor and Knapp
: Frank Reside In Bakerville.
i uMU"ts,,!;;;ti;;; 1:
! Mr h serving in th
,,axy'
. "
: Cn ,or Bn't.
- M,!'' ''snuo Amu entertatne.l a
, 'eek sKlns etght guests in for
v'.'i . J' rUowi"s l,is
I""". 'Vr ei'ioon: .Mrs. n-e.t
Jnliff. C. M. Gibson. P. u Wheeler. C
M. Lun. W. B. Gohring. John Graham
Mitchell. J. K Taylor. Tom Cow pert h
wait and Mrs. Wallace.
Women'. League Meet..
The monthly meeting of the Wom
en's league of the Presbyterian churvti
i had its usually lar$e attendance. Th
reading cr a copy of a New York
minister's sermon by Mrs. Andrew
Sinclair was especially enjoyed. Mrs,
Tom Butler and Mrs. Fraik Butler,
taa hostesses, ned tea. The toK
lowing were r repeat; Mesdames
Landpher, Maddox. Anderson, Moon
Uviutston. Jackson. Sheeu, Putnam,
tContlnued on Fage Two! I
I
!
1
TWO
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1919.
I HI
DISLOCATIONS OF BUSINESS IN SOME LINES
AND SOME CENTERS WILL SOON DISAPPEAR,
WRITES NOTED AUTH ORITY; WHOLE WORLD IS
SHORT OF EVERYTHING FROM PINS TO LO
COMOTIVES, AND LOOKS TO AMERICA TO
SUPPLY THE DEMAND
BY RICHARD SPILLANE j
Special Writer for . the Bisbe. Daily Review, Assigned to Humanize ami
Vitalize the Topics of Economics and Reconstruction ,'
Frank Morrison, labor leader, says : "We are going to
nave bread Lines in every industrial center by May 1." :
If there were basis for such a dire prediction the outlook ;
would be distressing. But is it true? I
Let us see what the facts are and what the views are of
men as well qualified, if not better qualified than Mr. Morri-
son, to read the signs of the times. ' 4 :
It is less than 90 days to the 1st of May. Two of thej
great centers of industry in America are New York and j
Philadelphia. If there was a surplus of labor or hard times
were impending, surely some evidence of it would be mani-j
fest there. !
Both cities have known bread lines. There are no bread i
lines today. Both cities have known street beggars of many j
kinds and characters. Nothing is so rare now as the street j
beggar. .
The principal newspapers have columns and columns of
"male help wanted" ads. ;
New York Employers Advertise j
for Help in Outside Newspapers. - j
New York employers, despairing of getting all the work- j
ers they require, have advertised in papers in otner cities. ;
Philadelphia is the biggest center of shipbuilding in the j
world tcday. On the day this article was written the United j
States employment office was advertising in the Philadelphia j
newspapers for not only trained workers, but for untrained I
men to learn the shipbuilding trades and the Merchant Ship-!
building corporation was advertising fcr shipfitters, hnermen,
wood calkers, riveters and coppersmiths.
I'rom St. Ivouis comes t!ie informa-I
Von that the shortage of labor is the j
outstanding problem in the railroad !
tip in.-lustrv The hnnpso wa nam-'
lyzed by the war. Now every railroad
needs new ties by the tens of thou
sands and -hundreds of thousands.
They must have them. The demand
is so great that J. W. Fristoe- declares
COO.OvO men could be used in various
lumber camps for tie-making.
Erery textile mill in America has
all the orders it can fill. Fuller Calla
way, the largest cotton mill man of
the south, is running all his mills -4
hours a day and will keep them run
ning to their fullest capacity for
months to come.
Our Clothing Supply
Is Far Below Normal.
Never in iialf a century was there
such a shortage of clothing as there
is today. America is the only nation
fairly well supplied, and the Ameri
can supply is far below normal.
John S. Lawrence of the great fiim
of Lawrence & Co.. of Boston, is au
thority fcr the statement that from
the waidrcbes of Americans 26,000.000
garments of a gross weight of 20.000.
ft'0 pounds have been gifts to stricken
pople of Belgium. At a low estimate
he puts tiie value of these goods at
$2 a pound, or a total clothing value
of $40.C")!.000.
Mr. Lavrence has been director of
the clothing division of the commis
sion for Relief in Belgium. He asks
if Bel alum is in such ner d of cloth
ing, wliat must be conditions in the
rest of Ecrcr-e? He answers by say
ing: "E:iicre the war continental Eu
rope's t-pcru of textiles were con
siderably larser than their imports.
Now t-he must import teitiles for
K5.000.C00 destitute people, and the
extent r.f her imports for the next
year wili le her ability to pay and
the wt r!(j' ability to ship."
The grfat textile mill renters of
France, Rircsia and Foland are wreck
ed. Germany is without cotton or
vool. Hri gland's niiis will not be
t-arr form l from war work to peace
work ."or month.- to come. America
and J7hii must strive to fill the
vacuum. (::ly in America and Japan
are th'j cotton and woolen industries
intact. In America nearly 1.000.000
pcrsor;?; are emplovcd in textile lines.
More Men Will Be Needed
On Arr.er'can Farms
Th? iirs-.-st single industry in Amer
ica is lurmiiig. Government reports t
show !l. largest planning or winter!
wheat r n remrd. and the best wndi-
tkm. Likewise they thow te best
feeding cf cattle in many years.
The indications are for an increased
acreage :f com. cotton and various'
othr rnpn. Tlr-if i to 1' rxpertei j
in view vf tb pro.-ifrou.s ulate of tliei
American fann.
. . - :
will Ih? a dislocation of lnlrr. I'n
finest ir-nably in weavMis back into em
pliiiiinl the men h return f.om
Francv there will be sizns of surplus ;
cf labcr heru and there. Tht prud'ir-J
tijii cf man c-stai.li.sliiueiits ili be
acreage means Mg iio-l of men. "" ""'i"".". "". .
Unifstionably in the transfonm- ilis? workers to the industrial centers
tinn or many manufacturing concerns J w n now are short of hands, some
fr-m v.ar work to n. ace woik thTc'f,r !''' industries are mentioned
II! OF fj
Bi LIKELY
;
curtailed temporarily in converting i
them, but once they are reorganized j
or reestablished, they will have all;
tne work they can handle.
The current ef American business i
is movine toward hrnader anil hieeer i
channels. The dislocations in some i
lines of industry simply will be like '
eddies in the stream and soon disap-
pear. - J
Railrcads never were in more need :
all manner tf ciinnlioc and vin i-v !
of all manner of supplies and equip
ment than at present. Tractors are
being manufactured on a scale that
suggests a billion dollar industry in
that department within two years.
The world is short of everything from
pins to locomotives, and the whole
world looks to America as the g'eat
supply house.
In the five years. 1914-191S inclus
ive, there has been a curtailment of
2,700.000 in immigration, based, on the
average of arrivals for the previous
decade.
Change to Normal Business
As Undisturbing as Possible.
Where, then, is there probability of
labor surplus ct business depression?
So long as the farm is prosperous in
America, every 'sound manufacturing
cr retailing business will be nxosDer-1
Frank A. Vanderlip, president of the
National City Bank,, is considered a
pretty good authority on business. He
said the other day:
"We hare a sound financial and
commercial situation and a domestic
market which, if the world went
wrong, would here within ourselves,
give us prosperity. If there as a
Chinese wall around the United States
there would still be prosperity within
tha?. wall."
1'at the world is not going wrong. I
and there is not a Chinese wall about)
the United States, and there ia not go-j
Ing t be one. In addition to its im-j
mensc domestic market. Ameva.
uiui tuiiL'ii a guin.li uan in luc unu
market
Goods are gcinsr to sell decidedly
below war-time prices and wages
.mist fomc down soirtnwhat from war
time's high altitudes.
More than 20,000.000 persons in
America o'.vn Liberty bonds.
Nurly 3.000.000 persons paid an
incor.e tax last year.
The government has taken steps to
make t,e change from war work back
to normal busines-: as easy and un-
di?turbin?r as ioss:b!e.
Prophets cf disaster always corn-
'"ana an audience, tor tne resolute
confident are in the minority
amone men. A jeremiad like that of
Mr. Morrison's can do no Rood, but
may do much harm through causing 1 ne Arizcnn i-.u-nrens
many mm and v omen to doubt 3nd!I,lce- ncxt Wrdnesiay at
worry. 1 Mrs. K. G. Homewooil.
If Mr. Morrison re;illy believes in
his rrc-dictiin he lniultt do well for
i i .. jt . . t . . . a 1..
! hen-.
WANTED RAGS.
Cic
i-if ton rjs v.a'.tcd ct The
Ue ioA office at once. Musi be clean,
FDR EVERYBODY SHORTAGE
THA
Three Views
BY FRANK A. MORRISON
Secretary of the American Federa
tion of Labor
The labor situation is dangerous.
We are going to have bread lines
in every industrial center in the
country by May 1.
1 SURPLUS, SAYS SPUME
English titles took these American
girls from Uncle Sam. Vivian Gould
(left) married -Lord Decies and Mar
garetta Drexel is now Viscountess
Maidstone.
N. A. E. Special to the. Review.
NEW YORK.
We're getting "em back
"A fay exchange is no robbery!"
Uncle Sam lost a number of his
prettiest and wealthiest daugh-
ters to English noblemen of title.
Knu- T7nrl Sam'si hero sons have
gone to England (on business), and.
in off hours, have won the hearts of
English girls; not so rich, but so pret-
tv and desirable that, when the brides
come home to the United States, we'll:
,vA r--.Y,Y r, f notiivi rliiih- !
think the exchange of native daugh- soon. The Red Cross will assist them ; first contingents to go overseas, in
ters quite a fair bargain. ; in making the necessary arrange- July. 1917. Six months later, in De-
American doughboys have put a ments. - ' cember, he wrote home that he had
"reverse action" on the interna- There are some two million more married Miss Cis Poulton, whose home
tional matrimonial mill. Whereas, j women than men in the British Isles; was Globe Road. Reading. England,
it used to be the custom for dukes, j whereas, in the United States, there is ' She is the daughter of Frederick Poul
lords. counts and no-accounts ana a surplus of two million men over ton of The Longleaf of Tilehurst. Vo-such-like
titled personages, who were ' women. lick wrote to his uncle, Alexander
so unfortunate as to have speni the : The American boys found time Halas, 471 Vanderbilt avenue, that he
larger part of their, patrimony, to for wooing the English girlies while j had married his wife because "she is
come to America in a combined "wife-! training in England and waiting f or j my ideal.
Society
Continued from I'.ige Oi'.e)
Brown, Henderson, Lanning, Sr.. lin-
mnS- Jr- watmns. inomas, Haiej.j
e
A. Sinclair. Hicks and Alvin.
. Amon- the recent New York ar-l
rivals from overseas duty was Lieut.
and Mrs. David Chandler Prince. Mrs.
Prince, a sister of Mr. Arthur Notman
visited out here a few years aso.
Coins over first in Y. W. C. A. service i
she later changed to the legal depart
ccoiuit of
Mai Ira
' Amer-
ment of the Red Cross on a
her valuable legal training.
Joralemon lias also set foot cn Amer
ican soil acain.
Entertains for Miss May.
Mr3 John Mason Ross entertained
a fw fripiris verv infnrma i.i hnnor
I "---' J " J ....... - ... -
or Miss Rita May on Wednesday after-
noon .Mrs. Shme and J.trs. .Notman . youns ladies being the originators and j K v" ""ll
poured. j hostesses. J
- j The young gentlemen present were' The women of the Christian church
Guild Meets With (Masters Harry Chain. Clenio McCal-jhtld their meeting at the Y. W. C. A.
Mrs. Edmindson. luni, Edward Haas. Mark Medigovich, 1 Thursday afternoon.
Mrs. C. L. Ed nind.oii was hostess Henry Stcdgill. Tonv Carretto. Steve Mrs. John Ine, state survey nurse
to St. John's Guild on last Wc Jncsday j Mendich. Wilfred Johns, Leo Baruett. for the Anti-Tuberculosis association,
afternoon. The business session was i Roy Hartzfield, Clavton. Tom and ! talked to-a group of ladies at the
devoted to planinc for a sale on Fred Reynolds, jr. ' Y- xv- A- Thursday afternoon. She
April S. A very large number enjoyed i ! outlined the work as it is being dene
Mrs. Kdmindso;i's hospitalitv. Mrs. i Going to oDuglas. m communities throughout the coun-
Ross Griffith viH be hostess next Mrs. Geo. S. Cage and children of try and alter a survey of city condi
Wednesday at her home in Tombstone Warren are leavimr this morning foritions, discussed the real health prob
canyon. - Dcuglas to visit with Mrs. Gage's par- lems and how they could be met by
' cuts. She will be accompanied by her the community.
Children's Scciety Meets.
scciety is
the home
to
Tombstone R;d Cross.
Mis. Shine reports on i'io c-cMent
work being dor.e by th; Tom hi-tone
Red Cro-iR chapter. The .si hool teach
ers aro makinz i'lfant layettes dtirinu
the timo loft them nfier scliotd.
Anticipate Visitor.
' Mr. and Mrs. J.
Jpct'ii.- 'At. Ttir..j
r..
Tenny are
lilotlier to
ex
be j v ith them about the latter part cf
of Unemployment Problem
BY NATHAN A. SMYTH
Assistant Director General, II. S.
Employment Service
The situation is not alarming- It
is not as bad as it was in 1914. be
fore the war began.
Whpn the country recovers from
the after-war demobilization anc
slackening of industry, there whl
be a shortage of labor, instead of a
surpius.
and fortune" hunt; now it's
Europe '
that's supplying the wives, and plain
American boys who went across to
fight for democracy who are bring-;
, ing home the girls.
Thirteen wives of American fighters
are about to land here They are com-
....
nig across on tne army transport,
PlattSburg, due January 29. bringing
troops from New York, Tennessee,
Ohio and California.
Three hundred more girl brides
from England are scheduled to sail
cvi Ttio TtnA fwwc u-ill acaict thorn
0- xtM IK v - tiy
X n . , ... y
I next week for a ten-day or two week's j they sannot Uo. The mining communi
' stay. She will go east from here to ties are most interesting; the state
! visit with relatives before sailing on is growing; the future is a most hope
' March 4 for her home in Peking, ful one."
! where Mr. Tenny is in the diplomatic !
' service as first secretarv of the Amer-' Miss Mary Moore who has been
7 I lean legation.
Guests in Warren.
Cart, and Mrs. McKean arc
suests of Mr. and Mrs. D. II. Ladnes
of Warren.
Su.rIse Part. , t ,
,. rlda" evening, January 31t. the
lltt'e school mates of Miss Anona Re-;
!-'V 1
jher home on Clawson hill. In spite:
ot tne inclement weainer, ine aiiena-
ance was large; on,-v three of in'iC. A. She has 1
vited Euests remaining home. Those I nasj vear in a
venturinff foTth and eni",nS the hos-' Cross 'service in
l:iaiii ui ine nine uusit-s-scs mtricj
Misses Charlotte Sealey. Muriel ;
O'Neal. Lillian Bowen, F.lsie -Watter-j
ith. Janie Cowling. Lulu
Sacovich. Dorothy Gi if -
son. Alice Smi
i Baldwin Katie
rs.i. m. f.,;
Chain. Eva Greg -
I nut. iMOJ V O ill. IjUIKI
0vich. Jessie Wohlshegel the last three
sifter, Airs. Ilclden. who has been vis
iting Mrs. Gage the latter part of the
week.
Y. M. C. A. Notes
A recent etiitir.-,i of thi' l'acit'ic Coast
News ;i!a;ns ),,. following article ol
interest: ,;ln tiie United War Work
c:iiiiaiKii. iizona v-as thi first state
to go oer tios lop and pave the larc
est oversiiliscript ion. 2IS per ent.''
A Y. W. C. A. worker in this com
Phici' .njs. 'Aiizoiia has the mot
wouderlul people
There is nuthiuK
0
BY GEORGE W. KIRCHWEY
Director U. S. Employment Service
for New York State
Our offices are crowded with ap
plications for work, and we can
supply relatirely few with jobs.
Unemployment in our great centers
of population may become serious
in the next tnont.i.
Yankee heroes brought these Eng
lish brides to America. Cis Pculton
(above) is Mrs. John Volick. Zenobia
Martin is Mrs. Z. Hameetman.
a chance to get across the channel to
: get into action.
One' of the girl brides coming on
the Plattsburg is the wife of Pvt. Z.
' Hameetman of Paterson, N J. She
"as Miss Zenobia Berenice Nellie
Martin, and he met her at Oxford. He
xfta in Vi -k 1 CCtlt flnnativkn Ami i c
UaU.ul., uu
: "w al amp upiou, recovering iron
j pneumonia.
Another war bride on the incoming
ship is the wife of John Volick. ser-
geant aviator, who was in one of the
i fir frmtinp'entft tn crrk nvprspss. in
stopping at the Y. W. C. A. recently.
resigned from the local teaching staff
! and left for San Antonio. Tex, to en
the ter the service of the government in
, reconstruction aid work
i
" Miss Ldna Kelly was called to her
' ome " x ,an this week on ac
( count of the serious illness of her
mother.
Mrs MarKaret Laffredo from . Buf-
jajQ
N. Y., is stopping at the Y. Yv.
been engaged for the
branch of the Red
her home city
The women of the Baptist church
f rved dinn" "fcla f3
; dafrcm 3 xo J c,ock' These din-
1 ,"r,i - ",uc" ','""'al"
I glrls ,ubo are feeling homeless since
GERMANS IN MEXICO MEET.
I By Review I-nsrii Wirel
MEXICO CITY. Feb. S. Th Gor
man colony in Mexico City recently
held a meeting at which was dis
cussed the problem of securing some
scrt of guarantees from the present
German government for the lO.i'OO.OOO
marks which were loaned to the re-j-lle-i
German minister here. II. von
Kokhanit. during thv war, tor propa
nn.la and othr purMms. Tho lend
ers at . present . have nothing ' morn
than "scraps of paper" issued by the
, former miuisler.
J Ij
K'l TRADE MAR, j
Ik j
h The City of
l GOODRICH
A Queer j
Old Bird is
i The Pelican I
' T I
Its bill holds more than !
its bellicarL !
But at that, its heart ! -
Its bill holds more than
its bellicarL
But at that, its heart
is bigger than its bill.
It . is the only bird
which shares its
food with other and
weaker fowl.
So the queerold pelican
looms up handsome
in Goodrich's eyes
eyes which see
beauty that is more
than skin deep.
Goodrich, it is true,
makes Silvertown
Cords the handsom
est tires the very
Beau Brummel tires
of smart cars.
Yet if clumsiness and
ugliness would add
one mile to their
service, Goodrich
would make them
clumsy and ugly as
thequeerold pelican.
"Quality First' rules
in the manufacture
of Silvertownt ar.d
they render qudlty
. service first and last.
Give your automobile
the obvious grace
and elegance of the
Tires with the Twin
Red Diamonds cn
thesidewall. Their
mileage is sure.
Buy Goodrich Tires
from a JDealer
lk23 J i-S3i
"BEST IN THE J
LONG RUN"
:vtl
' '"'T T " ?
S3
m-8
DEPARTMENT
We do our own designing and
cutting, and try on each garment
before completed, which assure a
a perfect fit. Alterations, clean
ing, pressing and repairing neatly
done.
H. MICHAELS, Tailor,
With Miller Shirt and Hat Shop
Main St., Bisbee
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches. Diamonds, Jev!ry, Etc
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jswelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE"
A. OWERS. Mar, Bakerville
Phone 57
BIS3EE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse OClce Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
CMflen Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
wdeperdent"
fuel & feed coi-ip'y
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
Office Below .
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Belov
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAR
h
it makes a whole lot of differ
ence "what kind of lumber you
use. If the lumber is to come
from us, you can figure on
quantities much closer than if
ycu don't specify us. There
is no -waste to our lumber. , It
can be used to the last inch.
If your plans are as right as
our lumber your building will
be a dandy.
BisIieeLuniberCo.
(Incorporated)
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
j Lowell Car Stop. Phone 25
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
C H. HOGAll
;ln Preparing
ISpBGiiications
4
i
--.V.f; THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1919.
THREE
Rank and File
To Red Trianale Workers
(Continued from Page One)
of the Y. M. C. A. work in France and ,
' ?
wrote the following letter:
Headquarters Advance Section No. 1,
Service of Supply, American Expe
ditionary Forces,
August 30,-1913.
My Dear Mr. McXary:
Knowing the good work done by
the T. M. C. A. on the 3Ieiican bor-
der and afterwards durine 1917 at the
officers' training camp, in the states. !
1 expected that the work they Pro-i
posed doing in France would be on j
a par with that in the states, but I !
did not expect that they would go to
the extent I find they have in carry
ing its beneficent influences even up
to the firing line, taking the place of
the army canteen and offering
amusements and entertainment of a
high order.
1 desire to express my appreciation
of their work here in France and as-.
sure you that the money subscribed j
for the Y. M. C. A. is bein? well snent
and certainly greatly appreciated by t
of whom are able to receive the be
efits therefrom.
I also wish to give a word or com
mendation for the workers who haTe
in a great many instances, sacrificed
their personal interests in giving
their services to this worthy cause.
It has always been "a pleasure to me
to assist them and they are deserv
ing of both praise and reward for
what they are doing, especially those
who have voluntarily followed the
troops into the dugouts and under
shell fire.
Wishing you every success in your
own efforts in furthering the finan
cial end of this work. I am.
Yours very sincerely,
W. R. SAMPLE,
Brigadier General, TJ. S. A.
Chief of Staff Approves
MaJ. Gen. James "W. McAndrews,
chief of staff of the E. T.. com
mended the work of the Y. M. C. A.
.very highly in conversation with me
and was also good enough to write
the following:
France, August 29, 1918.
Mr. James G. McNary,
My Dear Mr. McXary:
In continuation of our conversa
tion of several days ago regarding
the activities of the Y. M. C. A. in
France, I am very glad to go on
record as saying that the work of the
Y. M. C. A. has been of incalculable
value, to the American Expeditionary
forces. One has only to look into
the windows of a Y. M. C. A but,
whether in the advance zone or at
one of the base ports and see the men
poring over their letters at the
writing desk3, or gathered around a
phonograph, or their happy faces
when attending the innumerable en
tertainmets which the Y. M. C. A.
so generously provides to appreciate
the justice of these remarks.
Recreation has a great indirect
bearing upon the morale of an army
and the Y. M. C. A. has played no
small part in maintaining the high
morale of our soldiers. .
I understand that the Y. M. C. A.
will soon make another drive for the
purpose of continuing the work so
successfully begun, as well as to
meet the needs of a larger program.
In stating that the money contributed
to the Y. M- C.-A. in France has been
judiciously expended, I feel that I am
but voicing the sentiments of the
members of the American Expedition
ary forces.
Very truly yours,
J. V. M'AXDREW.
Major General, Chief of Staff.
From General Read
MaJ. Gen. George W. Read, who
not many months ago had been in
command of the El Paso department,
was at the time of my visit to France
in command of the American troops
on the British front. I had the priv
ilege of bein? his guest for three
days and heard, not only General
Read, but many of the officers of his
staff discuss the work of the Y. 1L C.
A. and commend it in very high terms.
He was kind enough to write the fol
lowing letter:
Headquarters 11 Corps, American Ex
peditionary Forces.
France. August 27, 1913.
Mr. J. G. McXary. Y. M. C. A. War
Work Council, Paris. France.
Dear Mr. McNary:
It affords me pleasure to com
mend the efficient and valuable work
of the Y. M. C. A. canteens and work
ers in this corps area.
The Y. M. C. A. establishments have
contributed greatly to the comfort
and pleasure of the men of this com
mand and. in every instance, have
proved an instrument for the great
est good.
It is hoped that not only may it be
possible to continue tbe present work
but that same may be extended.
Very sincerely.
G. W. READ.
Major General, Commanding.
Under General Read's command
there were two divisions engaged in
combat on the British front, viz: the
27th and 30th. I discussed the worK
of the Y. M. C. A. with the generals
in command of both of these divisions none, and I will have better fishtfrs tnat the men have cigarets and cakes witnesses constitute reasonable evi
and heard them commend it most' every time. I voluntarily make this an for your own information that i3!ience f the efficiency and beneficial
xusniy. ;
General Lewis Praises Work J
Major General Lewis. In command
of the 30th division, wrote the follow
ing letter:
Headquarters 30th division, American
Expeditionary Forces.
France. August 28. 191S.
From Maj. Gen. E. M. Lewis. V. S.
Army, to Mr. James G. McXary.
care Hotel Wagram. Faris.
Subject: Observation of the work 1
of the American Y. M. C. A. I
1. With reference to our conversa
tion On the orfaslon rf rnnr rcr nnt
visit, it gives me great pleasure to
write you the following:
2. I hve bad opportunity of oo-
serving the work of the Y. M. C. A.
in Pari and in th fi!d with the I
Do Justice
r e;
Second and Thirtieth
""s 1 wiebeenue,
.i t t t - 1 t 1 n iv.
extensi.e meas provmea ior nous-
ins:, caring; for and entertaining oui
officers and enlisted men who visit
that city, and I have observed at the
front, where our troops have been in
actual combat, both in France and in
e
C" A". ?ersonnel system to
tii .1. - 1. j . .
Pe articles for the comfort and
Zft IZy, lLi .m ,h
nf the a o
J?"V i v. E?" ?f tt,'S
ZtL v v r fe"tat,on
J'L C-A. has proved
lisrii laiuauic auu tuuiiieui means
mental welfare of our soldiers wher
ever they may be. and recommend to
all persons interested in our soldiers
i their continuation and augmentation
of financial support to your organiza-
tion.
E. M. LEWIS. .
Major General.
Commends Recreation Work i
The following statement from Maj.
Gen. J. G. Harbord, commander cf the
service of supply of the A. E. F was
not secured by me, but is an extract
from a letter by him to Chief A. E.
Carter in Paris:
"In any 'army we ' have in France.
no mauer now large, there always
would be one-third of It in the serv-j
ice of supply. These officers and j
men are without the stimulus of
meeting the enemy, their work is of
1 1 1 . . . .
luc jiuiiiuiuLu. luuuuionous cnaracter
that lowers tone, yet it is so import-! false any statements to the effect that
anf that the army at the front can-j the Y. M. C. A. had "fallen down"
not exist without it. It extends from I w ith that division. He dictated the
the ports to immediately behind the j following letter:
front line trenches. Obviously, unless i "The Y. M. C. A. work with the TSth
the army at the front can be sup- j division on the British f ront was ex
plied, it cannot exist. On the service cellent and was a Godsend to the men
of supplies falls the burden of sup-'up there.
plying it. I can think of no better "Due to difficulties in transporta
method of elevating the tone of this tion, it was hard to get the supplies
large force, of taking their minds off 'up, but had it not been Tor the "Y"
their work outside of office hours, i the men would not have had wrfting
so necessary to maintain health andpaper, cigarets or other supplies. It
at the same time guard their morals, j was impossible for us to get sales
as recreational athletic sports that 1 commissary establi Aed, due to lacs
the Y. M. C. A. is alone able to fur- j of transportation ; consequently the
nish them. ' , only means of getting tobacco to the
Combat Divisions at Rest jmen, except for occasional packages
"The theory of the employment ofif jf arets- as through the
the combat divisions is that In or-j 'As SOOJ1 as our aivision reached
dinary times probably half of them the front, 1 asked G. H. Q. to send ia
are engaged in combat and half of j tne "Y" mn and they were there on
them in rest. With those in rest. tiie iD within two w eeks."
their minds must be taken off losses
recently suffered, the memory of
hardships undergone must be re
moved, the physical tone elevated af
ter comparative physical inactivity in
the trenches, and their morals must
be guarded by furnishing them an
arausement which will keep them;ingon:
from seeking bad associates. For all 1 Seventh Company, U. S. M. C. General
these purposes there occurs to me but j Headquarters American Expedition
cne which appears to help on all I ary Forces.
points mentioned: that is, recreational ! August 17, 191S.
athletic sports furnished by the Y. ; To Whom it May Concern:
M. C. A. The benefits of this phase j For the first month in France, my
of the Y. M. C. A. work are so clear to opinion of the Y. M. C. A. wouldn't
me. so generally believed in by aU the ! do to print, for I was of the opinion
officejrs and so welcomed by the men. that they were, as many people think
that I am astonished that there . grafting on the public and were not
should be any doubt expressed by any using their best interests to help the
U1-c- j
more nign i-raise nours, teat mere was suca a thing as
The following letter was not se- "var-
cured by me. but was civen me as an i . Many Mnss .tnat they Lave done
. , . , Since that time have certainly
official copy of a voluntary state-. changed my mind. Several times
ment made by one of the high of- i when the men of my company" were
ficers of the American Expeditionary ' unable to leave their barracks, the
forces, giving voice to his apprecia-: secretarv and workers at the local
tion of the work of the Y. M. C. A.: j Y. M. C. A. have gone out of their
General Headquarters American Ex-! way to help us, riving to the bovs
peditionary Forces. j such things as complete baseball out-
General Staff, May 15. 19iS. : fits, boxing gloves, basketballs, foot
From Commander in Chief to Chief balls, arranging contests, furnishing
"i . M. C. A. : reading matter and even going so far
Subject: Appreciation of the work as to rig up a curtain and giving a
accomplished by the Y. M. C. A. "movie" show in the street; also do-
1. The commander in chief desires nating a piano and furnishing tne
to express to you. and through you to music,
the Y. M. C. A. workers who have Many times, they have offered a
been operating with the 19th Field great deal of help to us in amusing
artillery, his satisfaction with the ad- our men and keeping them from go
mirable results which they have ac-, ing "stale," as it were,
complished. , ; 1 cannot say too much in praise of
2. When the work done is of such a the Y. M. C. A. and what thev have
quality as to produce from the Lieut, done for us. and any one that has an
Col. of the regiment unsolicited a idea that the Y. M. C. A. is not doing
statement such as the one which im- everything in its power to make life
mediately follows and which is quoted happier for the men in France, is
for your information, it is believed very much mistaken
that the matter should be brought
directly to the attention of all con
cerned, and it is requested that a
copy of this communication be for
warded to those responsible for this
work. LieuL Col. E. S. Wheeler of
the 19th Field artillery, writes as fol
lows: "There is no factor contributing
more to the morale of the American
army in France than the Y. M. C. A.
The value of this organization cannot
be overestimated. When I come to
the Y. M. C. A. huts and see our men
night after night and one day after
another in their spare moments en
JI1 "ef-by .3
workers, I know that they are better
1- W 1 1 . . m . .
men and better fishters for so do-
in. f ft AA - - 1 1
v r n 7 v ,r?, i
x. M. C. A. rather than 1000 who have
twicmcui ufraus i am so apprecia-
live for what your efforts mean to
th DlJ'aIe of ou.r army "
3. The compulsions and opinions of
Lieut. Col. Wheeler are concurred in
by these headquarters. j
By order cf the Commander in Chief. 1
James A. Losan, jr.. Col. G. S. X. A. A. .
C. of S. G.-l.
A Letter to Titos 'getting them to the men? Well that's
The next testimonial was not se- Just wnat they do.
cured by me, but is a copy of a letter! Means Comfort
of appreciation written to Charles G. , TVhile we were ? .the Verdun front
TitUS
who va.s a former
tary of the El Pa?o association,
This letter, while dealing especially
with the work of Mr. Titus, is at the
same time broad enough to cover the ,
work of the Y. M. C. A. in general:
.Headquarters Second Division. Amer-1
ivuu rpfuuK.uary rorces.
France. May 1C, 191S.
Mr. C. G. Titus, secretary Y. M. C. A..
second mvision.
'My Dear Mr. Titus:
The division commander directs me
!to "press to you his regret on learn -
iuai auiuunues 01 vour or -
. . i,PMssrv t w.
.. f ' :. .viSood work and wewill trv and show!
Second division.
He takes this . opportunity to ex-
press to you his appreciation aml
j " rL "f"1
;r;nn. it. - .
1 " u airomiuisu WHO mp
I division ever since its organization
, , lflst nf-tmr
Ymir ntir;T, TWr:nna, r,a ..
'the maner which you directed the
' hard VMk of Tour assistants has
! oar divis5on a times, under
of the enemy and at times verv
(ry,nff conditions, the verv evceleln't
, , . .
ment and comfort of our men.
Yours verv sincerely.
TO W. BESSEL.L.
Lieut. Col. Adjutant General.
A Godsend to Men
The next letter deals with the work
of the rY in the TSth division. I had
heard criticisms of the "Y" men with
this division and rumors that the
work cf the organization had been
a failure among these troops. I.
therefore, made a special trip for the
purpose of interviewing Maj. Gen. J.
M. McRae, commander of the TSth. to
get the facts in the case. At the time
of my visit to the headquarters o.f
this division, the general was ab-
sent, but I interviewed his chief of
staff, Lieut. Col. H. M. Cootes, well
known to many El Pasoans. ' Col.
i Cootes commended the work of the
j organization in the strongest terms
1 - .. . .
i m conversation, ana denounced . as
Marine Officer Praises
The letter which follows from Capt.
Taylor of the Marines, was written
by him quite voluntarily and handed
to me because of his appreciation of
the work which the "Y" was carrv-
men forget, during their leisur
W. H. TAYLOR. JR.,
Captain L. S. Marines.
Frcm Wounded Officer !
The next letter was written by
CaPt- Davidson, who had been wound-
ed at the front and, learning that I
was observing the work cf the Y. M.
C. A. volunteered an expression of
opinion: '.
Paris. Fiance. August 22. 1918.
En Route to the Front.
Mr. James G. McXary. Y. M. C. A.
Dear Sir: According to our conver
sation in Bordeaux the other day, I
am writing you a little note to let you
"Y" ds'ourmenn"
know
i n- 1 . - i
L.
They (I must speak generally, be
cause by saying "they" 1 include all
the "Y" mes- are reaJ- the men's
h4af fr;OT1(t tha f. t-v,- rQ
wj.. ,, mn whr if,nir th
v.-nrV t.pi1 Th v rot. tho tn. I
bacco to the men when they need It j
nrf that i a-hn nrt rh. t.o ir,t.
mg i3 the thickest :
can vou imagine a "Y" man loaded !
down with "kars" (cigarets) com-1
inr nn after a bafferv ha hn im-l
der fir, for five or 'rIt hmir nH;idly Prowing and "alarming" popular
iast spring, a nr. cuenurst wro was
did wonderful work and you may be j
sure whenever I see the Red Triangle .
eominir I know that it P1MIH mmfnrt
" - ' - - - 111 J VI. .-iV'.. .1 .1
for my men. When my men are hap-
py and cemented snd hsr whst com.
forts we can get for them, than I am.cial. For instance, ia the beginning
isatisuea.
The "Y" really makes fighting
? worth while for us over here, who
: are on tne iror.t.
I I wish I had the time to personally
' tel1 yu of th many things that would
! Ma,te yu ,ne Proudest man alive to
" s--.
' Good luck, old man. keep up the
!0U inai our Ia"n nas Det,n
i founded and 13 R"n? the results de-
sir-namely. "Lick, the Hun."
- uuiim uurs.
iF. M. Davidson. Capt.. 17th U. S. F. A.
. ., .
,7, , 8 A?ProvaI
I Tbe Allowing is an extract frcm
from 1 vt- JamS G- GaKli- o
itie nrst marine aviation ccrps. upon;
his return very recently to Amen.-; especially as they knew that the folks,
it is a voluntary statement, entirely jat home were giving la:t.e sums' of '
unsolicited: " j money to tie Y. Tney did not. and
"The awful war is over and the ; possibly could not have been expeco-i
world is thankful, oh, so thankfaL We. ta take into account the fact tVu the
who have been in it. hope there will' fund raised for the Y work would have
never be another. been insufficient to supp:y even these
"Everything seemed to co-operate j .raaii articles freo to aur rapid'y ex
in helping our soldiers, and I aus-! panding army for one mcntli. let alcn?
pect tliat is one reason why the allies ! for one vear and even thorga ti e
had the greatest armed for- u.e ! y ?ae tluV.i. c!a'- rooms, stationery,
world ever saw. 1 athletic goods, lectures, "r.invioa" and
"I believe one of the most potent j numerous enteitninru nts i'r of ail
factors for success in the overseas 1 cost, many did not rtiish paying Tor
service, so far as; I was able to ob-: the. little luxuries purchased through'
serve, was the wonderful work doue'ihe Y- canteens. T':ey accepted, as &
by the Y. M. C. A., Red Cross and" j matter of ourse. the cigarets. choco
cther welfare bodies. They all d:d 'iates, etc.. vast quantities in the ag
noDie work, but 1 know specially or
the 'Y, as there were 60 many more
of them than te others. Say, man,
If you . want to start something, just
go into that northern sector and say
something ,against the 'Y'!
Got Just Half Credit
"Xat'uially. they never got half the
credit that was due them. They had
te hardest bunch onearth to please.
tne-Angel uabriet . would seem a
grouch to some of the fellows, but
take it from me and whe.n I say
'en?,' I mean thousands of grateful
Americans they appear to us as
neariy masters of the situation, dif -
ficuli thcugh it was. the comparatively
limited number of men ia service
could possibly permit.
"Of course, in the thousands of Y
men on duty, there must occasionally
be a misfit and. once in a gTeat while,
!V downright fake; but in proportion
to the great number in service, I be-
Iieve they hold the world's record.
Thd Canteen Jonah"
" 'What about overcharges at can
teens?" "That canteen business was Jonah,
sure enough, but was forced on the
Y by the military and. with all its
tremendous handicaps, the work was
marvelously done.
"Another qaestion: 'When you went
into the canteens, what did you per
sonally pay for, say, a package of
Camels?'
"As I remember, 11 or 12 cents. I
never paid more than that.
" Yes, but w hat about candv and
stuff?"
"Hershey's chocolates cost 10 cents,
I believe, and you know those pack
ages put up by the National Biscuit
company (we called them all cook
ies'). They were about the same
price they sell for in America. You
can tell the world they sure did taste
good.
"I don't know what the boys would
have done without writing materials
furnished free by the Y. They would
not have had it. that's all.
"'So you print an army newspaper?"
That's another big thing this war has
developed, or sort of discovered, per
haps, intelligent publicity for the men
in service. In my opinion, 'Stars ana
Stripes' the overseas paper, did much
to cheer the boys and keep up the
high morale.
"As I think it ever, I see a good
many good things that the world is
going to get out of this war."
"Did Wonderful Work
The following is a statement from
an American officer, Lt. L. S. Ous
terhout, commanding company B. 11th
infantry, fifth division, who was
wounded in the Meuse river drive and
was the first patient to arrive at the
base hospital at Camp Cody:
."On my ay home I heard quite a
number of soldiers making criticism
of the Y. M. C. A. and it always makes
me mad. All I saw of the work of
this great organization, and all that I
have heard from reliable sources, is
the wonderful work it did for the boys
over there. When it comes to profi
teering. 1 know where they sold three
packages of "Camels for a quarter
and a bar of Hershey's candy for 10
cents, when they could not buy them
er.ts, when they could not buy them 1 fle nistory
cr less than that and. if the boys!0"1 in thi3
tc.r less than that and. if the bovs
didn't have the monev Iwhich was:s,rikinS illustration of "man's inhu-
frequently .the case), they were often ;
Civen the rood3 iouSrigrl. Jn the
fmnt line trPnrhi thvv mv thAsA
front line trenchea thev rave these
articles free, but I have alwavs
thought they made a great mistake intinls coun.ry, nave thoughtlessly gv
trylng to get into the trenches, as i e expression regarding the gre?.t and
even the military couldn't keep up its j unselfish work which the represer.ta
own supplies in many cases. When tives of ,he Y- M- c- A- bav Sf 3"f
you ask anv of the kickers a point I votedly carried on in order to nun
blank question, they just simply Ister to th comforts and welfare of
can't prove a single thing of any iour brave boys "over there."
moment that Isn't to the credit of this j
great organization. I have visited the I .
buildings over' there and I know what j
I am talking about." I
Could Give Many Letters I
Similar testirnonialg inia?rit h auo-
ted indefinitely, but the reader would!
weary. Also, they would probably be j
useless, for "a man convinced against i
his will, is of his own opinion still." ;
Granting, if you will, that the above
statements from the most trustworthy
WIS OI ae overseas worn oi tne
Y- M- C. A., what is the explanation
f th criticisms which have arisen?
Some of It is undoubtedly due to a
deliberate attempt on the part of cer-
tain a8cncies and people, for reasons
best tnown to themselves, to discredit
the work of the Y because of the rap-
undoubtedly due to the natural incli
nation of the "doughboy" to criticise. I
As Bryon truly said: j I
"A man must serve his turn at every j I
trade. I
made." ' t
A Ready 'Made Critic ?
Anil rort aink- avW cnMi'aii K.-vi- 5. I
a readv made critic. Their criticisms 5
ar often impulsive rather hsn judi-
ithey could hardly have been expected
to weich carefullv te f -.rt tii.ir !h
! Y. M. C. A., in selling them supplies
nad to uav freisht. transDortation and
: other excessive charees far h.tndline
merchandise and getting it to the
front, which the ari'.'v comiiiisif
. uau m mivvii jjvvuiiiu 01 as can 01
' the cost.
Th,v rerilv nh-rrt.i t. ,h f,.
1 that, in the beysnnin. the Y charged
them a few cents nu.re for a package 1
j of cigarets than they had een sceus-i
trmni Xc rav trrrii-n r T o arr rrivi
missarv ThVr PrP do.Thri." m-,nv
among the srl '.iers Vho felt t. -at tlu-e
aismnll con-.ritutiors to their ctm:oiis. :
' - - .
- 'isuch as cigarettes, chocolate, cookies
etc.. should have boon given them.
j gregate which the Y rave to them
without cost in the front line trenches
and in the combat area.
The "Y" Jonah
There is uo doubt, as stated in one
cf the letters from the Soulier boys, j
that the commissary, or canteen? f
proved to be a "joiir.h" for the Y..
Taking over the canteens was not a
fcrm cf service which the directors of !
the Y work sought. It was in a way. j
wished on them and, to have shirked i
this form of service, would doubtles? ;
have discredited the organization. To!
comply wun it increased treniendous-
j iy the burden of work and response I
j bility which was already heavy oh the j
, shoulders of the organization, which
was expanding so rapidlv each month j
to keep up with the demands of the j
j service.
j 1 i? h to make it clr at the same '
time that I. am not setting up the;
y. M. C. A. and its representatives as :
being above any just criticism. I'n-:
doubtedly, a considerable number of
inefficient and unworthy man found
their way into the overseas service
of the Red Triangle. I, myself, saw
"big" men patiently filling little jobs,
and "little" men doing their best to
measure up to big jobs. This' condi
tion cculd not possibly have been
avoided. There ?were also, amcng
those who volunteered for the Y serv
ice and found their way overseas,
men whose character and conduct was
entirely unworthy of the organization
they served and whose uniform they
wore. The same were true of men
in other branches of the service. I
knew of one army chaplain, who, 0:1
landing in New York, gave an inter
view to one of the metropolitan dailies
in which he said that "the work of
the Y. M. C- A. could be summed up
in one word nothing." Such a self-1
evident falsehood as this carries with !
it its own refutation. Such a witness !
should have "removed the beam from !
his own eye before trying to cast out
the moat from his brother's eye."
Lives Given for the Cause
Many good men and soine noble
women in the uniform of tie Y. M.
C. A. gave their lives in devoted serv
ice to the welfare of our splendid
soldiers overseas. Nine of its work
ers were killed by shell fire oivtiuty;
24 were seriously gassed or wounded;
31 died in the service as a result of i
exposure or overwork; 16 were cited !
for bravers or decorated. Hundreds i
suffered daily hardships and danger j
without either citations or decora-
tions. . I
John Sherman Hoyt. vice chairman
of the national Y. M. C. A. war work
council, who was with our troops In f
the St. Mihiel drive and the battles !
of the Areoane, stated that in the Ar- j
genne fight there were 700 Y. M. C. A, j
secretaries working daily, 50 of whom 1
were women canteen workers attach-j
ed to the different fighting units with 1
which they remained ia the danger
zone and frequently under shell fire ;
during the entire offensive. It v.-ill j
never be possible to measure hov; i
much these brave men and women !
did to preserve the glorious spirit and
the keen fighting edge of cur troops
and thus to help win the war.
I 1 ue ". "i "umius
tion in this war will afford no more
manity to man ' than the blanket con-
aemr.auon ine uatraisiui auu uulj.ii
criticisms to which the American sol-
dier bo"s in France, or returning
STV-P;
"..
l-il'V i'Vi3 -
J -iv-r . - cT - ' .
iM
j-ivVH; -"V -
rvN .i C; r J
i ( '--- " '
v
MARINELLO
retards hai.-!oss zr. i r-tlrulmes"
luxuriant prow tlu ll r.ie trci t-
ments in addition to those fciven
at the shop produce q.:ick end
Mti-fa.-top' r---ul:
McDonald's Marinello
Shop Fhone 305
i
!
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS '
3. . -:-
1 PAY CASH
tt
THAT OTHERS MAY
FEBRUARY 10th-17th
j
P.
PURE FOOD GROCER
1 1
V '
:.':1Z YOU
P a?1f A. 4
U. S. Food Administration
...1 !rfik ii J?.r-iL. fCsiAx
S FT ' a
H 1 r- n sag
I READ THESE BARGAINS
h HOOD RIVER RED DIAMOND BRAND
r $3.25 per box
j ' WASHINGTON YELLOW NEWTON PIPPINS
N 7 lbs. for 50c 15 lbs. for $1.00
t- i ;
J J "V " m. ii .
x rv-a r3n
ii
1
,vj Size, 250's, per doz 20c
M 2 dozen 35c
tfj Size, 200"S, per dozen 25c
J '2 dczen 43c
1 Size, 150's, per dozen : 30c
1 2 dozen 55c
11 Size, 1 00s, per box size, extra large, per dozen 50c
PER BOX, $3.50 PER yz BOX, $1.90
M ' Extra FANCY,
I Panamas see doz.
$2.50 per bunch, 12 to 13 dozen on each bunch
IN
BUSY BEE FRUIT MARKET-
Phone 354 Next Id Johnson Meat Co. Upper Mxin St
vi
' .y 1 - wwiinf iwn-mi ' nwi.i mini;
a-, -i '.v.i'i-w i- ; - i "' V -. -; - S '-v ". ' '
GIVE THAT OTHERS fclAY LIVE
. ... .j.. .,. ', , - n.. ,- - ln t-i imi n.r J
This Company is authcrlz-rd by law to perform
all the functions of Aa'.ranis'ir.tor, Executor,
Guardian, Trustee, Receiver. F.tc.
In any fiduciary capacity as-: arc at your serv
ice.
Correspondence invitee
Copper Qceen Hotel and aii-aass cafe
The best of everything at reasc liable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month. $45.00
HENRY FOPPEN, MANAGER
GIVE THAT OTHERS MAY LIVE
Review Want Ads Bring Results
- PAY LESS I
v
CAN DO BETTER
License No. G-161C3
i
rj - n srr9 .f
& r vsf
cr prj?or.al interviews. I
v
FOUR
THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1919.
4
110 WAY YET TO ENFORCE NATIONAL PROHIBITION;
DRYS FEAR CONGRESS' DELAY HAY LEAVE OASES
MUNICH PLANS FOB '
BUREAU OF HEALTH
Webb Says Wets Hope
Keep Their Business
in Some States
to
X. H A. Washington Bureau,
112S-1134 Munsey Bldg
Washington, D. C.
Prohibition may not prohibit. There
may be oases in the desert that is
supposed to spread over the United
ptates July 1.
This is the fear of Representative
Webb of North Carolina, joint author
with Senator Kenyon of the Webb
Kenyon law.
Congress has enacted no special ma
chinery for federal enforcement of the
war-time prohibition law, to say noth
ing of the constitutional amendment.
The present session expires March 4.
Only one of the fourteen great supply
bills has been reported out of com
mittee. Congestion of business Is in
evitable. Representative Webb believes the
department of justice will have power
to proceed against violators of the law
after July 1. but he asserts that in the
absence of specific penalties for break
ing the law, selling liquor will amount
only to a "misdemeanor," and the law
will be violated with Impunity in states
cow wet.
- Wets plan to prevent enactment of
enforcing legislation by congress.
If by delay and subterfuge the liq
uor men can prevent congress from
BY CAROLYN VANCE BELL
N. E. A. Washington Bureau.
112S-34 Munseyuiidmg.
Washington, D. C.
There will be forty (40). places in the U. S. A. where one may
LEGALLY get a drink after July 1. Even the national prohibition
amendment, in effect a year hence, will not dry them up.
Thirty-nine (39) of these places are in Washington. One (l)f is
in New York.
They are the embassies and legations of foreign countries. All
are in Washington except the Paraguayan legation, which is apartment
1678 in the Woolworth building. New York.
"Embassies and legations are in effect bits of foreign soil and
are not subject to our domestic legislation," says Hannis Taylor, noted "
jurist on International law, who was minister to Spain during the
Cleveland and McKinley administrations.
"When I was minister to Spain I could have cut the throat of the
queen had she visited the embassy, and could not have been prose
cuted under international law unless my country saw fit to waive that
right."
"If it is true that embassies will be exempt from the prohibition
law," said E. C. Dinwiddie, directing anti-saloon league activities in
Washington, "I expect they will take advantage of that fact in an un
obtrusive way. They could not with propriety violate the laws of
our constitution openly. It would hardly be a diplomatic tking for
the diplomats to do.
"If they did, however, I do not think they would be molested m
any way."
Senator Shepherd, father of the dry amendment, was not disposed
to agree with Mr. Dinwiddie.
"While I know that criminal laws of a country do not cover em
bassies, surely," he stated, "they could be reached by some sort of
police regulation."
The inference to be drawn from the senator's statement is that
while he believes a man could not be prosecuted for committing a
murder in an embassy or legation, he could be arrested for taking a
drink.
MUNICH. Jan. 10 (Correspondence
of the Associated Press.) The new
government department for social af
fairs, one of the first fruits of the
revolution, has announrfri a nrnm-um
which contains some novel features in
tended to promote the welfare of the
workers.
; One of the most important of Us
; plans is to organize a new bureau of
public health to be charged with the
j task of ascertaining the causes of ill
ness among employes in all trades and
: the discovery of means of preventing
! them.
All industries are to be inspected
I by representatives of labor organiza
! tions so that workmen may be assured
of better protection.
It is intended to prohibit after April
1 the publication of advertisements
offering employment. The reason for
this is not stated. Other plans an
nounced by the new department are:
Extension of. the powers of indus
trial physicians.
Interesting of capital in the con
struction of workmen's homes.
New arrangement of the working
hours of house servants, including
more free time.
Farmers, peasants anil rmmtrv ih.
orers are to be placed on en equal
basis with industrial and trade work-
ers.
i New arrangement of the payment
I of war pensions for the families of
those injured in the war.
Alteration of the existing home
worker laws with special reference to
the working women who labor at
home.
ROSE BUSHES AND FRUIT
i - . sT ri r-i ! ;
f- l J V t 4 J f 1 M l t "V
adopting legislation providing for enforcement of the new article to the
constitution they will be able in. some states not friendly to prohibition to
keep meir business ana save part ot it at least
HEALTH SUNDAY
WILL BE OBSERVED
(Ey Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 8. As a step
in a nation-wide campaign against the
social evil, ministers and church lead
ers are urged in a pamphlet issued
by the United States public health
service to observe February 23 as
health Sunday, with special sermons
and meetings that day devoted to dis
cussion of means of Improving morals.
Separate meetings for men and wo
men are suggested to consider elimina
tion of rice districts, education of
children, the organization of a perma
nent community committee to improve
civic conditions and to provide whole
some recreation, especially for return
ing soldiers.
"The public health cam na iirn is a
community task," said the public
health service's announcement. "The
church, as an important part of the
community, should not fail to help in
this important work.
"Your whole community will be at
the station when the boys come
marching home.' Are you making sure
that the profiteers of vice are not
planning to take advantage of the days
of festivity to dishonor them before
they get settled again in the normal
ways of life? Are you sure that de
mobilization will not mean demoraliza
tion? "Cities and towns throughout the
country now face a most important
crisis. Under control of the military
authorities four million soldiers and
sailors received greater protection
against disease than they received be
fore the war in civil life. The federal
government must of necessity in the
next few months give up war time con
trol, it is the social responsibility
of cities and towns to make their
communities fit places to receive the
returning soldiers."
The public health service has pre
pared a program ot procedure for
community organizations, with particu
lar reference to the churches' participation.
PLAN TO DESTROY
FORTS NEAR PARIS
j ATTENTION
Meeting of the stockholders of the
i United Chino Oil & Refining com
j pany. Friday, 7 p. m.. City Hall. Im
; portant business.
Adv. DR. J. F. TEUFERT.
WM. HEYN
Teacher of languages, Spanish par
ticularly, wants pupils everywhere,
particularly in Warren, so as to form
there a class. Address Box 1161, Bis
bee, or call at 123 School hill, rear of
"Charlotte" building. 2-15
PARIS. Jan. 10. (Correspondence
of the Associated Press.) The ques
tion of the demolition of the ring of
antiquated fortifications which sur
rounds Paris will be brought up be
fore the municipal council during the
course of the next few months. This
is not as a result of the armistice, or
because the league of nations which is
expected to put an end to wars forever
or because of the fact that with mod
ern artillery the fortifications would
be useless. The matter has already
been brought up before the council.
It dates back from 1SS4. The plan,
however, would have to be referred to
parliament by the municipal council
after its adoption.
Louis Dausset, an alderman of the
city of Paris is sponsor for the pro
ject. He argues that the benefits to
be derived are a closer, easier contact
with the Paris suburbs, elimination
of the necessity of entering or leav
ing Paris through the various gates
and the freeing of valuable land "for
building purposes.
Miller's shirt and hat shop is still
j holding its big sale.
Adv.
GOVERNOR'S
PEOCLAMATIO
A Macedonian cry has come across the waters to America from the Near East,
where Starvation and Death are walking hand in hand. "Help us," is the appeal of the
peop!e in Poland, Lithuania, Armenia and Syria, who are facing extermination, owing
to a lack of food and clothing. Their hands are outstretched in supplication. If big
hearted, liberal-hearted America doea not respond to this distress call, with her char
acteristic and customary generosity a catastrophe appalling in its magnitude will result.
The war has wiped out racial distinctions and geographical boundaries,-making
the whole world kin. As a people we have given liberally to all causes connected with
the war, earnestly striving to alleviate the suffering of our own brave soldiers and
those of other nations. It was but natural we should care for our own. but now the
glorious opportunity for the exercise of a higher type of gendrosity is offered us. and
tc give evidence of that new internationalism which makes all mt'n brothers in spirit ana
in truth. These down-trodden and persecuted peoples are as much God's children as
we who in this land of plenty know not the pangs of deprivation and starvation. Shati
the ask for bread and be given a stone? Shall we turn a deaf ear to their prayer?
Shall their pleadings be in vain?
The week of February 10-17 -marks the period of this great humanitarian drive
in the United States. The sum of $45,000,000 is asked and it is none too large to effect
the philanthropic purpose to which it is to be devoted. The allotment for Arizona is
but $'50,000, an insignificant amount when viewed from the standpoint of our ability to
give. Arizona has never failed in generous response to any worthy cause and I am
confident she will not be found wanting on this occasion.
NOW, THEREFORE, I, Thomas E. Campbell, Governor of Arizona, by virtue or
the authority vested in me by law, call upon and urge the people of Arizona during thn
week of February 1C.-17, 1919, hereby designated and set aside as "Carrpaign Wk for
Relief in the Near East" to remember that "it is more blessed to give than receive," and
to respond without solicitation to this worthy cause with generous contributions which
will, as in other drives, put Arizona "over the top" for the cause of world-humanity.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF. I havd hereunto set my hand and caused the Great
Seal of the State of Arizona to be affixed.
Dene at Phoenix, The Capitol, the 5th day of February, 1919. " "
GREAT SEAL OF THE
STATE OF ARIZONA
Attest:
MITT SIMS.
Secretary of State.
THOMAS E. CAMPBELL,
Governor.
1 v--.yi y -.-tv 1 1 1 wot
, JiItSE SSS: ft
sr.-
1 f Nk v
Va, .
mm:.
Calumet contains only
cnts as have been approved
U. S. Food Authorities. It
world's largest, finest, most
powder factory.
1
Umm Quality '
. e fe Awards I
Amoderate oriced
Baking Powder of greatest
merit. Honestly made and
Honestly sold. Economical
in every way. Every particle
is full of leavening value. A
full money's worth.
You save time when von
use it. Calumet is ail Baking Powder.
It begins to raise bakings the instant
they are put into the oven. You don't
have to keep peeping" to see if bak
ings are all right. You know thev are.
Calumet is sure never fails. That's
economy. True economy in cost
in vise-in time.
One trial will prove it and
show you in results why millions of
shrewd, thrifty housewives prefer Cal
umet to all other brands.
The unfailing strength of Cnlnrner
guarantees perfect results. Not only saves flour
sugar egors, etc but saves Baking Powder.
ou use only a spoonful you use two snoon
fuls or more of most other brands.
such ingredi
officially by the
is made in the
sanitary baking
I HAD- SV THE Tf
1 tt m ni t u11
1 K .1 II tv t t R M r
BAKING PO
CHICAGO
1 m 1 w . . sw
M 4
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1919.
FIVE
DAILY REVIEW WAN! ADS
Advertisements tinder this head at the rate of 1 cent perword each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than S p. m. for Insertion in next morning's paper.
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Housekeeper to take care
of six children, good home for right
party. Apply after 4 o'clock at Co-J
cmse. Mike Lozovicn. -
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Copper smelter men of
high class for Peru. South America. : p0R SALE Three room unfurnished
Altitude 15.0ot) ieet. Two ytars' con-1 house. 55 Laundry hill. P. L. W at
tract. Board five pounds. ton 2-10
Chief smelter chemist. 45 pounds per
month.
Converterman, eight hour day, one
pound three shillings pence per day.
"'r: f jrnace man, eight hour day. one
r three shillings ten pence per
M 2tailurgical clerk and general office
man, 30 pounds per month.
Also Spanish speaking mine doctor.
Write at once giving references and
application blanks will be sent to
you. Room 4. Fifth Floor, 15 Broad
street, New York City. 2-11
Male and Female HdpWanted
GOVERNMENT RAILWAY MAIL
CLERK EXAMINATION (Males
and females) March 15. Special full,
complete preparation only $10 by
our expert, former goxernment ex
aminer. Enroll today or write for
free particulars. "RMC." Patterson
Civil Service School, Rochester,
X. Y. 2 14
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position by married wom
an as chambermaid, or any kitchen
work. E, care Review. 2-1?
- 1
WANTED Competent woman wishes!
work as housekeper or general
housework. Address Box 2511. 2-11
For Sale
FOR SALE Ranch. 140 acres, well
improved; 50 acres ready for plant
ing. $350 cash will handle it. Also
400 acre relinquishment with lease
on 640 acres state land adjoining.
Write, Ranch, Review. 2-10
FOR SALE Four room house, com
pletely furnished. A real home ready
to move into. 55 Oregon street,
Johnson addition. 2-9
FOR SALE Lots five and six. block
G, Don Luis. Price $185. W. R.
Johnson. Box 235", Bisbee. 2-14
FOR SALE 191S E 35 Buick touring
car. To be seen at noon at W. B.
Pryor's, Johnson addition. Phone
SS0. 214
FOR SALE Furniture of seven room
apartment house, with privilege of
renting building. 114 Opera Drive
2-9
FOR SALE Victor machine, 27 rec
ords. Will sell for $32.50 cash. Vic- j
trola almost new. Address Box 630, i
City- 210 s
FOR SALE Four room brick house.!
completely furnished. Warren boule-i
vard. W. H. Hughes.
2-131
FOR SALE Buick little six automo
bile, cheap for cash. See Shideler on
the jitney service. 2-3
FOR SALE 50 pure bred Duroc Jer
sey pigs, 8 weeks old. First choice
for breeding, $10; second choice,!
$7. Come see them. San Jose Dairy,
one mile" west of Naco. P. O. Box
12. Naco. Ariz. 2-13
FOR SALE 12 room apartment
house, completely furnished, price
reasonable. Phone Blue 711. 2-13 j
FOR SALE Furniture of seven room'
apartment house, with privilege of
renting building. 114 Opera Drive.
218
FOR SALE Vt to 320 acres land, ii
miles from Bisbee. Wiil sell at a
reasonable price. Box 217, Bisbee.
. 209
FOR SALE Furniture for three room
modem apartment, everything com
plete, $2wj. Party buying furniture
may rent apartment. Chiado apart
ments. Warren. Phone Green 855.
2-12
FOR SALE Furniture for five rooms.
A-l quality. Address, A-A-A, care
Review. dh-tf
FOR SALE Plymouth rooming huuse,
26 furnished rooms, cheap if taken
at once. 2-11
FOR SALE Ford
overhauled. Mrs
Lui5.
touring car, just
Stewart, IXon
2 11
FOR SALE Soda fountain, used one
season. Apply Warren Drug com
pany.
If'
FOR SALE Four room modern house
completely furnished, $15"i, balance
terms. Toiubstcne canyon.
Four room
$550.
Isbce.
hou-e furr.ished. Price
), balance terms. South
Five room modern house, furnished.
two lots, fruit trees. $1'i.'io cash.
baliiuc; terms. Wood canvon.
Apply to M. C. Hish, A!I-n Bldg. 2-4
FOR SALE 2;u' feet of thiee-quar- j JNI Housekeeping rw.ms.
tor inch ga'.M-nized pipe Will net! Star Williams rooming house. Brew
75 rep tent. Good as new. The! uh-Positc City park. Mrs.
Queen Lauudry. P. O. Box 191 ! "m roler-
1h";iq FOR KENT Furnished unci uiifurn-
. ! iHxd ri;its. Covhise Row. Bakfrville.
iOTl : bALL-f urniMirc in St rooms Apply Mrs. GuMy. Moor hotel. 211
ith the priviltge of a two or three'.
years' lease on proicrty. Bert L'icm- FOlt, RENT Two furnished houe
ent. 71 Brewery Gulch. I'houe Kd keepms rooms. IZi Upper Lowell.
604. . 1J6 2-10
For Sale
FOR SALE 320 acres, fenced, walk
ing distance from Naco. Well, two
houses and dairy buildings. Clarence
Duillard, Naco, Ariz. 2-11
FOR SALE Underslung Ford speed
ster or speedster body, cheap. Tex
as garage. 2-15
FOR SALE Complete furnishings for
two rooms, housekeeping, ready tc
move into, as we are now living, a
Lne range stove, bedding, dishes
etc. A bargain. First 5100 gets it
No. 30 Upper Lowell. 2-
FOR SALE Late model five passen
ger Ford, perfect condition. Wa.
take bonds or trade for roadster oi
six-cylinder Buick. P. O. Box 1943
t ' 2-9
S FOR SALE ? 175 Edison diamond disc
phonograph with $50 worth of rec
ords for $150; also one library table
a,nd one princess dresser, cheap.
Call Warren 208 Hazzard street, 2-lb
THE BEST BARGAIN WE OFFER
TODAY Four room house, pantry,
closets, bath, screen porch, garage,
four lots cultivated, fruit and shade
trees. Cash or payments. Warren.
I. W. Wallace. 2-9tf
FOR SALE Three room house with
screen sleeping porch and bath.
Good garage, shade trees and vines.
Completely furnished. Cochise trail
Warren. 2-15
FOR SALE Sixteen room rooming
! house, completely furnished. AddU
Hogan & Seed. Phone 10.
125
FOR SALE Ford, perfect A-l condi
tion. Liberty bonds and stamps ac
cepted. Brooks Garage, O. K.
! street. , 150
FOR SALE Two lots on Oregon
( street, one on Chicago avenue. Lo
well, Johnson addition, each 30x60
feet. Address M. J. Greenan, Oak
land, Calif, General delivery. S75
FOR SALE Uncalled for suits. M
Levin, Lowell. Ariz. 59'i
FOR SALE Small apartment house,
close in. New furniture. Paying
' big interest on investment. Phone
&41. 2-10
FOR SALE New range. S. L. Duck
ett. South Bisbee. 2-12
For Rent
FOR RENT Three room furnished
, cottage with yard. 41-A O. K. street.
2-11
FOR RENT Two clean rooms, $9
Tombstone canyon. 10 minutes from
I , postoffice. $20 worth of furniture
for sale. 2-9
FOR RENT Housekeeping
115 Jiggerville.
rooms.
2-13
FOR RENT Three room house, fur
nished or unfurnished. 41 Laundry
hill. 2-12
FOR RENT Furnished front room for
?ne.,or tw. PenUemen, in private
iV?- 2uo Opera Drive.
roone
2-9
1 Uil.
FOR RENT Two room house. Well
! furnished, close in. 31-C O. K. street,
i Black 571. 2-12
; FOR RENT Three room apartment,
j Mounier apartment, next to Dr.
Bledsoe. 2-11
FOR RENT Sleeping rooms, two
beds in each room. Gas in house,
i 35 School hill. Gascon. 2-1 1
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms,
three minutes from postoffice. 81
School hill. 2-11
i ,
FOR RENT Nicely furnished house,
! four rooms and bath, hot water con-
nection. large sleeping porch.. Call
j Sunday or phone 112 Monday. 153
I Tombstone canyon. 2-9
FOR RENT Five room unfurnished
house with bath. Tombstone can
yon. Apply Mrs; Caraway, Williams
hill. 2-12
FOR RENT Comfortable sleeping
rpom with stove. Close in. No. b
Quality hill. Mitchell. 2-11
FOR RENT Four room partly fur
, nished house. 57 J. E. T. street. 2-12
FOR RENT Five room house in War
ren. Modern. Address Box 2141, or
i call 592. 2-10
FOR RENT Two light housekeeping
rums, fourth bridge, Clawson stop.
Tombstone canyon. 2 10
FOR RENT Large well fwrnished
housekeeping apartments, gas. nc
hills. Kolbrook stop, 1S7 Naco
road. 29
FOR RENT Furnished three room
house and two room apartment.
Balgay hnyse. Temby avenue. 2-10
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms. 12 Jiggerville.
FOR RENT- FurnL,hrd room. 123
Quarry canyjn. 2-11
FOR RENT h three room furnish
ed houe. Mrs. Win wood. Win wood
addition. 2-11
For Rent
FOR RENT Three room furnished i
house. South Bisbee. Inquire Freta j
Jonnson, Johnson flats, No. 7, Lo
well. .2-9
FOR RENT Large office room, good
location. Apply to M. C. High, real
estate. Office, Allen block. 575
FOR RENT Three housekeeping
rooms. 80 Upper Lowell. 2-10
FOR RENT Large furnished house
keeping, sleeping or batching rooms.
Each has fireplace. On the level.
Custom House. Phone Red 771. 2-10
rOR RENT Furnished room for
housekeeping, lights and water.
Reasonable. Across second track
from Lowell depot, 56 Upper Lowen.
2-9
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms, all accomodations.
35 Montana street, Johnson addition.
2-13
FOR RENT Three room furnished
house. No children. Garriety house,
Jones hilL 2-13
FOR RENT Five rooms furnished.
Warren. Phone 176 after 7 p. m. 2-8
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished for
housekeeping. No children. 23
Montana street, Johnson addition.
FOR RENT 8000 square fet flooi
space. Suitable for warehouse, cen
trally located in business district
Address W. H., Review. 2-dh
FOR RENT Nice three room furnish
ed apartments, on Naco road, over
Arizona garage. Inquire at apart
ment No. 1. 2-11
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms. 73
Jiggerville. . 2-11
FOR RENT Two room furnished
apartment in cement block house,
back of El Paso house Lights and
water furnished. 2-11
FOR RENT Two light housekeeping
. rooms. S6-B Brewery Gulch. 2-11
OR RENT Two unfurnished rooms.
221 Brophy avenue. 2-9
Wanted
.VANTED . To rent. Underwood,
Royal or Smith Premier typewriter
for two weeks or longer. A. B..
care Review. 2-9
VANTED Baby buggy, willow or
reed preferred. Must be cheap, with
good tffes. Phone 748. 2-15
.VANTED At once, four room furn
ished house. S. W. B., care Review.
- 2-S
.VANTED To rent, three to five
room furnished house. Warren pre
ferred. 740 Fourteenth street, Doug
las. J. T. Quinnelly. - 2-12
.VANTED Clean cotton rags at the
Review.
VANTED Either furnished or unfur
nished house. Address, "G.," care
Review. . ah-tl
Miscellaneous
UT YOUR DUDS IN OUR SUDS
Everything washed but the baby.
Standard Laundry. Phone 57. 2-16
3 RING YOUR LAUNDRY To Mrs.
Burke. No. 30 Red House "by Chris
tian church. - 2-12
x'OUR WISH COME TRUE! Tenor
banjo, steel guitar, ukele. by mail.
Complete course covering one in
strument. 20 lessons. $10. Simple
nnderstandable. Myrtle Stump
124S Elden ' avenue, Los Angeles,
Calif. Reference, South California
Music company. 2-9
DRESSMAKING Plain and fancy
sewing. Children's clothes, embroi
dering and beading. 79 Cochise
row. i
JO&SARD CORSETS FOR SALE -From
$2 up. All. corsets carefullj
fitted. Ines Warburton, next Art
zona grocery store, upper Main. 3-7
-DURHAM BULL For service?" $5.
Hours from 11:30 to 3:30. Hillside
Dairy, head Quarry canyon. 2-14
-iEWARD For the return of a heavy
dark brown overcoat picked up in
Central theater Thursday night, had
Phelps Dodge label in, and gloves in
pocket. A. J. Fairclough. Phelps
Dodge store, Lowell, or phone 314.
2S6
DRESSMAKING Done at Balgay
house, Temby avenue. 271
GENERAL AUCTIONEER
Warren district and Ccch
Bisbee,
lse county.
Can sell your furniture
house or your merchandi
place of business to your
CO years exnerienre.
in youi
se in youi
advantage
Reference.
Bank of Bisbee. Phone
Box 1737. Office and rcsi
Uncle Jim's, Brewery Gu
Finney, sr . Auctioneer.
donee ovei
Ich. J. A.
193
.v'RITE TO "Y. M. C. A. School, Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio. Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train tor service. 26S
iCECOND HAND CLOTHES Bought
Phone 739. City Dye Works. 604
WOMEN. PROTECT YOURSELF-By
using out patented scientific douche
cau. Write for free Illustrated book
let. Hygiene." Hygiene Douche
Can company. Inc., T55 New York
block. Seattle. Wash. 2-9
BUNDLES OF.OLD PAPERS At the
Review oi'Iicc Large bundles, price
25c.
RfcVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
If
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK. Feb. S. Proposed re
duction of coastwise service and re
ports of additional cuts in trans-Atlantic
freight rates caused moderately
heavy selling of shippings in today's
otherwise quiet tock market.
Steel foundrys American Car, Amer-j
ican Can, United States Rubber, the i
secondary motors, Mexican Petroleum
and Consolidated Gas reacted 1 to
points and United States Steel lost a
substantial fraction. !
Canadian Pacific's loss of lsi j
points was ascribed to that company's j
shipping interests, other rails making'
no material change; metals were com-
paratively steady.
Sales amounted to
.55,000 shares.
A decrease of $53,000,000 in actual
loans and discounts and a contraction
of almost $30,000,000 In excess re
serves were the unusual features of
uie weekly bank statement.
Trading in bonds was fairly large,
tho general list shading fractionally
with a new minimum quotation for
Liberty fourth 4Us at $93 9S, that
issue rallying later. Total sales, par
value, $6,650,000. Old United States
coupon aud registered 4s advanced 4
of 1 per cent on call during the week.
Problems arising from peace con -
ditiens commanded increased recogni-
lior in this week's dull and lower se -
cunties market. Poor statements of;
earnings, lower dividends, labor dis-
turbances and farther heavy- federal
txpenditares were outstanding devel-
cprcents.
Coming on the heels of the cut in
United States Steel, the' reduced dis-
burst i;ient to American Smelting,
shareholders directed further atten-1
tlon tq the state of the metal industry
and cast doubt on the stability of
many other industrial dividends. This
was accentuated by the reports of
the Midvale Steel & Foundries com-
panies. the latter showing reduced
earnings oi almost 00 per cent for!
151S. That forthcoming statements of
related companies wiil disclose sim
ilar depreciation is regarded by Wall
stieec as meyitaoie.
Transportations of the better class
marked time, but low grade or specu
lative issues evinced none of their re
cent strength and activity. Reasons
for the veal ness of shippings were
furnished by the sweeping cut in
rates.
Operations of pools in oils, motors
an,d sundry specialties were perfunc
tory or tentative, noteworthy changes
Lost
LOST In Eagle theater, Thursday
night, gold cross and chain. Leave
at Review. Reward. 2-11
LOST The party who picked up a $10
bill Saturday at the cashier window,
Phelps Dodge, please return to Re
view. ; 2-9
LOST Bunch
Box 3546.
of keys.
Return to
2-11
Money to Loan
?MALL QUICK LOANS On your per-
sonal note to salaried men and vo
mer, also on furniture. Cox Loan
company. Room 7, Sparks Kline
building. i$8
Business Opportunities
BRANCH MANAGER WANTED Foi
old established Chicago concern.
We furnish full stock of goods, ad
vertising matter, and equip store
completely, in good location, all at
"our expense and pay you $40 a week
salary, in addition to liberal share
of the profits your store earns. Work
can te started in spare time. NoJ
investment or previous experience
necessary to secure this position. If
you are a hustler and want an op
portunity to make $5000 to $15,000 a
year we want you and will pay you
well from the start. Send me your
application today. S. Levy, Mgr..
Department 599 Como Bldg., Chi
cago. 1111. 2-9
Agents
HALF MILLION WAR BOOKS Most
complete and authentic war book.
Introduction by General March.
Unique patriotic insert for soldier's
photograph and military record.
Thousands of books ready for im
mediate shipment. Also Roosevelt
book. Special terms. Freight paid.
Credit given. Outfit free. H. L.
Baldwin company, Rcckefeller Bldg.,
Cleveland, Ohio. 2-9
rHE ONLY COMPLETE AUTHEN
TIC HISTORY OF THE WORLD
WAR By Prof. F. A. March with in
troduction by his brother. General
March, highest officer in army. Of
ficial rhotographs. LIFE OF
ROOSEVELT Introduction by Ex
President Taft. Both books fulij
illustrated. Donimd enormous. So
licitors makiug unprecedented prof
its. Special terms. Credit given,
freight paid. Euhcr outfit free. Uni
versal House. Philadelphia. Pa. 2-9
TAILORING AGENTS Men's made
to ordor suits. Snappiest, fcesi ma
terials. Prin-s lower than others.
Hustlers cam bis money. Spring
line sent free. Leeds Woolvn Mills.
Chicaco. PL 2-9
LIKE OF ROOSEVELT Introduction
by ex -Presi'i -nt Tatt. HISTORY OF
WOULD WAii introduction by
General March. Only two reliable
au.'luntic honks. Biyest terms. Out
tits free. Historical Book company.
Chi-ago, 111. 2 .
WAR BOOKS WAR BOOKS WAR
BOOKS Complete. Authentic.
Thrilling. Official illustrations.
Maps. t harts. Diagrams. Big
Ik.miK. Big .profits. Also Life of
RoM-veli. ' Freight paid. Credit
given. We give best bank reference.
Outfit free. 15 t Purmim company.
Clue:! go. t"t" North L;5aile -tieet.
LEASED WIRE
in those groups representing the main
extension of the bear or short account.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Feb. 8 Persistent heavy
speculative selling associated the gos-
sip about price fixing for basic com-
modifies more than wiped out ad-
vances today in the corn market.
StThe close was nervous, at the same!
as yesterday's finish to 3ic net low
er, with May $1.12 to $1,121 and July
H CS4 to $1.08H- Oats lost He to
lc In provisions, there were gains
of 37c to 95c.
At first, the corn market had an
; upward slant owine to week-end ad
justment of trades and to reports that
: o decided increase of selling by rural
olders was looked for. Gossip that
further downward movement of com
modity prices was inevitable had con
siderable to do with the setback and
so. too. had a sudden development of
hedging here in the February option.
Oats were weak throughout the day.
Support was lacking.
Reports that packers had received
liberal new orders from the govern
ment 1 c-isted provisions. Shipments
'during the week were far in excess of
' total a year ago.
i , BANK CONDITIONS.
NEW YORK, Feb. 8. The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for the week shows
that they hold $37,401,720 reserve in
excess of legal requirements. This is
a decrease of $29,815,670 from last
week.
COTTON MARKET.
J NEW YORK, Feb. S. Cotton closed
at $20.47. compared with $20.50 at the
close last night
.
Closing quotations February 8, 1919.
(l J. Overlock. Broker)
" NEW YORK
Amn.
Amn.
Car
S4
62
Can.
j Amn. Loco.
Amn. Smelters
Baldwin .
B. & O
C. & O
Canadian Pacific
66
oaf
45H
54j
157
Crucible 52s
Distillers 52
Erie 16
Goodrich lSO1
General Motors 130
Ind. Alcohol 100
Marine 21?c
Marine pfd. '. ... 94
Mexican Petroleum 165li
N. Y. C
71H
Northern Pacific
Reading
Rubber
Studebaker .
Steel com
St. Paul
Southern Pacific
Sinclair Oil ....
Texas Oil
89 T8
77
74
50
8S
36 H
SIM
334
1S6H
Union Pacific 126 i
U. S. M 44
United Motors 39 ii
Westinghouse 41U
, NEW YORK MINING.
Anaconda 56
Butte 17
Chino 32H
Chile 174
Green Cananea 42
Inspiration 424
Kennecott ... 30
Miami Copper :i?8
Nevada 16
Old Dora 35
Ray Con 194
Shattuck 12Vi
Utah Copper 66 4
BOSTON.
Adventure 75
Allouez 43
I
For Attaching
to Youi
Range Boiler
Bisbee
1
Az. Coml.
C & A. ...
C. & H. . .
C. Range
E. Butte ..
Granby . . .
Goldfield .
Hancock ..
Indiana . .
Keweenaw
Lake ... .
La Salle .
Mohawk . .
Mayflower
N. Butte .
Utt
5S
430
40H
9H
70
! ! 5
75
95
24
50
3Vi
10
SK
50
Nip
Osceola . .
Pond Ck 124
Quincy
58
Shannon
Superior Boston
CURBS.
2
2Vi
16
4
14
A. & A
Ariz. Ring
Ariz. Sil. Kln
Big Ledge
Butte & London
Cal. & Jer
CorneMa 15s4
Con. Copper Mines
Con. Aria ;
Cresson
5
IK
5
Denn 16H
Dundee li
Emma S
Gadsden 4
Grand Island 28
Green Monster v
Hull 4e
Howe Sound 4
Hecla 44
Iron Caps 144
J. Verde
Magma Copper 26
Miami Con ; 10
Magma Chief i
Porphyry
Ray Here 214
Tom Reed 175
Tuolomne SO
U. Eastern 437
Verde Ex 33
Verde Combn "s
Wol. Ariz 2
West End IVi
Curtiss 12
Wright Martin : 3
Cosden
Federal Oil ;
Widwest Ref. 144
OATMAN.
(By Collins & Brsthsrton.)
Argo .04
Adams -. . . . .03
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R. 03
Big Jim Con JO
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore 06
Gold Road Bon 02
Gold Clifr
Lucky Boy 04
Sunnyside 04
Telluride ai
Tom Reed 1.72
United Eastern 4.32
United Western 02
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 5.50
Green Monster 37
Butte London 12
Dundee 87
Venture Hill 06
Jerome Verde 37
Ark-Arizona 15
Ins-Needles .06
Hull Copper , 33
Magma 'Chief .IS
Wol v-Arizona 1.S7
Verde Combination S7
Miami Consolidated 05
Night Hawk
Grand Island .25
Nacozart Consolidated ..."
Con. Cop. Mines 5.50
Porphyry 70
Cal. & Jer .37
Feather River
.06
.04
.15
.11
.02
.07
.03
.15
.05
.05
.14
1.75
4.37
.04
5.75
.44
.14
1.12!
.50
.lSl
.12
.40
.251
2.001
.94 1
.10
1.50
.2S i
.00 1
5.75!
.75
f .50
.12
JUST OPENED
The Waldorf boarding house. Try
our chicken dinner Sunday. February 1
9. only. Adv. '
I
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTb
as Fired Water
Provides abundant supply oi
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
SEATTLE OFFICER
TELLS OF TROUBLE
COLLINS WAS NEARLY DOWN AND
OUT GAINS 25 POUNDS
BY TAKING TAN LAC
"A medicine that will do as much
for suffering people as this Tanlac has
done for me is certainly worth
recommending to tha public and
I can't say too much for it," said
John W. Collins, of 1214 East Colum
bia street, Seauie, while in a Barttill
drug store, recently. Mr. Collins has
been a resident of Seattle for the past
thirteen years, and is a popular mem
ber of the rolice force.
"Wnen I began taking Tanlac," Mr.
Collins continued. "I weighed only one
hundred and fifty pounas and was in
such a bad condition that I could not
patrol my beat tut.. 1 now weigh
one hundred and seventy-five pounds
have gained twenty-five pounds
uu tun. iBdimg line. 1 nave naa
trouble with my stomach for several
years. Nearly everything I would eat
disagreed with me. My food would
almost invariably 60ur and keep me
filled with gas and misery most all
the time. Then sometime ago 1 had a
fall of about thirty feet which came
near putting me out of commission.
On top of this I had an attack of
grippe and I simply got to where I
was just about down and out. My
whole body seemed full of neuralgia
and rheumatism and I ached all over.
Every joint in me ached and the pain
in the left side of my back, over my
kidneys, were so severe at times that
I could hardly stand it. Nothing did
me any good anJ finally I just had to
give up my position, stop working en
tirely and do nothing but try to find
relief. My sleep was very poor and
I kept falling off in weight until I got
down to one hundred and fifty pounds.
"Then I got uneasy about my con
dition, went to Colorado and stayed
there for a while but never did get
any better until I began taking Tan
lac, and then I commenced climbing
right up. I have used six bottles now
and have gotten rid of all that neu
ralgia and rheumatism entirely ana
never feel an ache or & pain. My
appetite is great and my stomach is
in such a good shape that I can eat
just anything 1 want without the least
trouble afterwards. I now sleep like
a log every night and am in splendid
condition in every way. I'm going
back to work tomorrow, and 1 cheer
fully recommend Tanlac to every
body." Tanlac is sold in Blstee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug com
pany, in Paradise by G. A. Walker, In
Bowie by Bowie Drug company, in Saa
Simon by , B. Cooke, tn Wilcox by
A. A. Nicholson, in Lowell by Lowell
Drug company. In Benson by C. F.
Moss Pharmacy, in Gleeson by B. A,
Taylor, in Warren by Warren Pharm
acy, in Pearce by B, A. Taylor, in
Tombstone by Boyd's Drug store, and
in McNerU by McNeal Mercantile com
.07 ! pany.
.
J. L. CAGLE AND C. C ODOM
Have purchased the Lowell Motor
company. General auto repairing, gas,
oil and supplies; also Gates halt sole,
tires. Qualified and equipped to do
first class tire and tube repairing.
Adv.
CATARRH
' OF THE
GLADDER
24 Hours
Each Cm
Heater
I
- 'A '
i j!
i i
1 '
JL
W9
8
p. SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1919.
THE EX-KAISER AS
i - - ' . .
j " - '-: :v "V "i" " 1 J1" " - ' 1 -- -1
Bi;ir HUB yn.OHlfl.flHiBliv ww H fl.fi Bfl:Hi& W
iii3Sia.- -i lnconroaraDie savings on . w mm
rp HA?
aviii!
Children's Winter
51! S
r
-
END OF WAR HURTS
MANGANESE MINING
BUTTE, Mont., Feb. 8. Signing of
the armi3tice November 11, 191&,
automatically ended the manganese
Industry in Montana as it made pos
sible the release of shipping for the
importation of this product from
Brazil and Cuba at a lower figure per
ton than it could be produced in this
state.
'Onlr another war, and we hope
there will never be antoher one," said
one of the chief engineers of the Ana
conda Copper Mining company, "can
revive the industry in Montana. The
butlook is hopeless, although the Ana
conda company, at the urgent request
of the government, constructed a
manganese plant at Great Falls at a
cost of $750,000. This p!ant produced
approximately 1250. tons of manga
nese, which carried manganese con
tent of 83 per cent, 10 per cent Iron
and 4 per cent of sicicia. It waa es
pecially desirable for steel manufac
turing because of its concentrated
manganese, but not a pound had yet
been sold when the armistice was
signed, consequently we still have it
on our hands."
Brazil and Cuba can deliver on the
wharves of Baltimore manganese for
$12.50 a ton, whereas its cost of pro
duction to Montana producers Is ap
proximately $10 a ton to which must
be added the freight rate to Pitts
burgh of $11 a short ton.
"It is impossible to think of a tariff
large enough to make profitable do
mestic r rod action of manganese," said
the Anaconda engineer. "The only
tiling which could revive the Industry
in Montana would be the establish
ment of steel manufacturing in Great
Falls, so as to eliminate freight rates.
It is questionable if manganese pro
duction could be developed to an ex
tent large enough to warrant this."
Philips burg, whi?h. before the war
ended, reached a maximum capacity
of 17,000 ton3 monthly, at a guaran
tee net profit of $20 a ton, sold
throua the government, will be
closed dewn completely except for its
silver activities by July 1, 1919, when
the last cf its pre-armistice contracts
expire.
The Emma mine, the largest pro
, dnoer of manganese In Butte, with a
daily output of 400 tons, stopped pro
ducing the week the armistice was
signed. Approximately 750 miners
were thrown out of work at Phillps
burg and 250 to 500 in Butte. In ad
dition, there was loss of employment
for 100 or more in the Great Falls
plant and several score in the Ophir
mill of the Butte-Detrolt Mining com
pany, the only company In Montana
whkh milled manganese. A small
amount of manganese also was mkied
as a by product by the Davis-Daly Min
ing company of Butte. The Great
FdI's plant had reached a capacity of
S000 tons of lerromanganese monthly.
ITTLE PIGS MAKE
BIG PROFITS I
Tfcr bo hwlm of any kla4 7Cf will
tt PTinr lArr frow Uu W wua
fer rtWDf w4rw expert ih- start YOU
mmi AaiB tM armm u
ktf kta in la twit mm
4r r4inarv farm eotfiufn.
If jo bwmv fmr
vnttnft ffTS or morvt. la
MINING MEN WILL '
. MET ON FEB. 17
'EW YORK, Feb. 8. Lessons
learned from the war by the Ameri
can mining world will be applied to
ward greater progress In Americam
mining at the 119th meeting of the
American Institute of Mining Engi
neers, which will be held here during
the week of February 17. Prominenf
membere of the Canadian Mining In
stitute, .-National research council, the
American Institute of Electrical EMrl.
neers will join the American mining
experts m tfleir discussions.
At no period in the historr of Amer
ican mining have the problems of pro-
auction, especially as to labor and
scientific processes, been mn rorm&n-
tous as today and at this meeting Im
portant readjustment plans will be
presented. The program calls for 10
business sessions, at which nnma An
fiUhV--ta will y.a . .. I '
or social features of a metropolitan
tLinu, ana an au-aay excursion to tl?e
federal shipyard In- Newark -bay.
where the first electric-welded ship
is being built. . . . ... . . : ( v
Many. Delegates .Expected. J'
It is expected that this .meeting M
the institute will be attended by mill
ing experts from every, .state in tfie
Union and from a number Of foreign
countries, who are identified with tib
most Important mining operation now
going on. Many of these men have
in the past two years been, serving
the government in their - respective
fields and scores of them hare been
dollar-a-year mea at Washington. .
At the joint session with, the elec
trical engineers theire will be .six Im
portant papers on the subject of elec
tric-welding. Some of these by offl-!
cials of the National Research. Coin-'
cil and Emersencv Fleet rnrraMUnn i
who have participated in the develop
ment of electric-welding which has
made great strides forward In the war
work of the last two years.
To Open February 17.
The Institute meeting will open on
Monday morning, February 17. Tues
day will bs Canadian Mining Institute
day acd Wedaesday will be featured
by the session with the electrical engi
neers and the National Research coun
cil session, followed by the annual
banouet In the evening Tha, ,..
sion to the shipyards will take place1
on inursaay, t eDruary Z0.
The officers of the American Insti
tute cf Mining Engineers are: Sid
ney J. Jennings, president; L. D.
- .iuvtu, yaaii fIOt-
v.. iv. iii-uuaie, iirat vice-president;
GooTge D. Earron. treasurer;
Bradley Sfoughton, secretary.
im CUfr.
at a. uotr
THE AS50C1ATE1 SWINE BREEDERS j
544 MaiMSL
Get Rid of That
Persistent Cough
Btcp t.at weakecins'. persistent cou?!
or cold, threatening throat or lung
ejections, with Eckmaas Alterative,
ine ton.c and cpbulider of 20 years'
mcreiwful use. sec an4 $10 bottles
from drurerists. or from
i. Civ. II AW ZAjJOZtATOar, PMJadelphla
DON'T LET A COLD
EP YOU AT HOLIE
Dr. Kind's New Dlscoyeiy
almost neTer fails to
bring quick relief '
Small doses once La awhSa and that
throat-tear in 2, lung-splittinj coughi
soon quiett down. Another dose ana
hot bath before jumping into bed,
good tlePi and back to normal in tba
morninr.
Dr. long's New Discovery Is well
known, lor Sty years it's been
relieving coughs, colds and bronchial
attacks. For fifty years it bas been
eold by druggists everywhere. A
Triable remedy that you yourself or any
ineinbercf your family can take safely.
60c and f 1.20.
Train Those Stubborn Bowels
llelp nature take its course, not
with a violent, habit-forming purga
tive, but with gentle but certain and
natural-laxative. Dr. King's New Ufa
PilJa. Tonic in action, it stimulates the
IftX bowels. Sold by druggist. J 5c
Here's wheie the 4High Cost of Dressing" takes a big drop. Our entire remaining stock
of Women's and Children's Winter Apparel are now offered at Half Price, and in many cases
at less than half nrice. These heavv rednn.tions havp hepn nut into pffppf lwnncp n immnfH:
I ate clearance of winter stocks is desirable. All the best .Mid-Winter Fashions in Coats, Suits
i and Dresses are here. Stvles that are in the hmVhth of noniilaritv now nnH r.lmf will ho aA
a - v I I . , - - ' . -v i SJ f 1 A k L HJJjL
next season too. iNUHi mni xjiu KiiiiJUuriUJNb:
You'd nVPP Kw rklnn. n uh i I -A ..... t i i t '
- - - - '-" w ii d rum. ne s grayer, j
ne grown a Deara. Ana ms nttie black tie and waving collar and plain
coat lapels give him a professional look. Oh, yes, and his mustaches droop.
Sure, it's Old Man Hohenzollern, one-time King Bee in Germany, now a ha
cetfn in Holland. This picture of the ex-kaiser was fixed up by an enterpris
ing artist from a cabled description of the old reprobate.
Sale of Coats
Without boasting, we believelhat this event offers our patrons
one of the most notale opportunities for genuine economy that
has presented itself for a long while. These coats will be offered
in LOTS AT 2 AND LESS than Yz off. r
Lot 1 $ 19.50 to $29.50 sale price $12.50
Lot 2 $30.00 to $39.50 sale price ...w $18.50
Lot 3 $40.00 to $59.50 sale price ..-; $24.50
Lot 4 $64.50 to $87.50 iale price $38.00
Lot 5 $120.00 to $135.00 Sale price $65.00
1 1 " ' " " - v -- --
Redfern Corsets
This is a broken line of corsets and regularly sold at $7.50,
sizes 22 to .28, sale price $4.65
Children's Dresses
Children's Wool Serge Dresses, made up in many pretiy models,
in sizes 8 to 14, at 2 PRICE .
Regular price $5.95 to $29.50, sale price $2.98 to $14.75.
Children's Skirts
Children's wool pleated Middy Skirts. Regular price $4.95
Sale price $2.95
m
V'
Children's Middies
A few odd sizes in Children's Wool Middies. A big bargain
if your size is here. Regular price $6.95, sale price $3.
Sale of Skirts
1 08 Skirts (actual count). These are beautiful!' tail
ored and latest models. On our second floor tomor
row: at Yz PRICE.
Regular prices $6.00 to $25.00, sale price $3.00 to
$12,50.
Sale of Serge Dresses y
It is imperative that our stocks of winter dresses be
closed out before spring styles arrive, at Yi PRICE.
Regular prices $19.50 to $55.00, sale price $9.75 to
$27.50.
h House Dresses
1.48 Women's House Dresses; sizes 34 to 46; come
in checks . and stripes plaids and plain. Regular
prices $2.50, $2.95, $3.50, $3.95,"$4.95, $5.95. $6.95
, SALE PRICE Yi OFF j '
Sale of Suits
Prices on our entire remaining stock of women's suits
are reduced to Yl PRICE.
Regular price $19.50 to $125.00, sale price $9.75 to
$62.50.
- T
Women's Wool Sweaters
Who wouldn't seize this opportunity to fcpy a finely
knit , warm woolen Sweater at Yz PRICE; all colors
and sizes. Regular price $7.50 to $29.50, sale price
$3.75 to $14.75
Cotton and Wool Sweaters
Cotton and Wool mixed Sweaters, all sizes and colors.
Regular price $2.95 and $3.50, sale price 95c each.
if
s f
Sale of Waists
Scores of lovely waists in this sale, simple
tailored waists, as well as elaborate blouses
for dress wear, Yl PRICE.
Regular price $6.95 to $25.00, sale price
1 $3.48 to $12.50
VMS e&xgk
i
&2
1
Georgette Crepe
40 inches wide. TTie very best color
to be had and in almost any color.
Special, yard ; $1.85
Messalme Silk
36 inches wide messaline, all beauti
ful colors. This is our most popular
seller. Special, yard $1.65
Percales
36 inches wide percale, best quality,
large assortment of dark and light col
ors. Special, yard 30c
ti .
Sale of Silk Dresses
Spring Dresses will soon arrive. Before they
do this little lot of 70 Silk Dresses must lie
swept clear, so prices have been cut to
PRICE to. effect a complete and speedy
clearance. Regular price $19.50 to $1 10.00,
sale price $9.75 to $55.00.
Showing of Spring Millinery
We cordially invite you to come to the store to
morrow and inspect the first arrivals of spring
millinery. They are few in number, but they
give an excellent indication cf the shapes, sizes
and trimmings that will be most highly favored
the coming season. Be among the first to view
the new fashions COME TOMORROW.
BLANKETS AND COMFORTS
This is an excellent time to make your purchase of winter bed coverings.
$2.50 value, special $2,00 $5.00 value, special $4.00
$3.00 value, special $2.40 $6.50 value, special $5.20
$3.50 value, special $2.80 $9.00 value, special $7.50v
The Armenian and Syrian Relief
Fund Commences Feb. 10-17
GIVE That:Others May LIVE!