rf aror-"?"
Give That Others May Live February 10th to 17th
COPPER PRICE
Both
WEATHER I f)Tn nTrInTT
Tuesday snow north? ( J . j t L- fjj B i jTT I 1 1 j I 1
probably rain south- V sLlil Li J -v KJ-X i V 1 J V M J J
east and south. V,"" Vfc S Vs N" V 0
i
j
)
i
VOL. 21, NO. 241.
HOURS: 30
OLfl
o)lTT
ALL IE! TO BE GIVEN
JOBS BACK III 48
8000 Will Be Working Today; I. W. W. and Independents
Both Vote to End Strike, Latter Unanimously; Action Is
Taken on Advice of Soldiers Sailors and Workers
Council, Official Announcement of Union Declares
(By Review Leased Wire)
- BUTTE, Mont.. Feb. 17. Butte's
strike of miners has ended.
Unofficially it ended this morning
when several thousand miners who
had remained away from work for
nine days presented themselves at the
mines and asked for their old jobs.
Officially it ende'd late today when
officers of the Butte Metal Miners'
onion (independent) made public an
nouncement that it had "called off the
strike temporarily," acting on the re
commendation of the Soldiers, Sailors
and Workers council.
Prior to the announcement of the
metal miners' onion, the metal mine
workers' industrial onion No. 800. L
W. had announced that it had
voted "unanimously to end the strike
and return to work.
5000 Return to Mines
Five thousand miners appeared at
Butte mines this morning and report
ed for work, according to reports of
officials of the companies. Of this
number 3000 were employed. No dis
crimination was shown, it was said,
and those who did not go to work will
receive their jobs back within the next
48 hours.
By tomorrow morning it is believed
nearly 8000 men will be working. This. I
it was said, will approach the total at
work before the strike was declared.
The number will increase daily until
nearly 10.000 miners are employed.
Most of the miners employed at
the Elm Orlu were Finns. They suc
ceeded In persuading others of the
same race to quit work and within 24
American Troops Home
Earliest Possible Moment
Says Baker
at
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON". Feb. 17. American
and allied troops operating In north 1
BOYS IN RUSSIA i
TO RETURN SOON
I
Russia will be withdrawn "at the ear- nations probably will begin in the sen
list possible moment that weather con- ate within a day or two despite Presi
ditions in the spring will permit" and dent Wilson's request that discussion
to facilitate this movement and to im- be postponed until he has conferred
prove lines of communication for the with members of the senate and house
. . t.-i .Kit v
- k ylJ 1J fs VL iuo luiLca uiai uavc; jai-
etrated into the country President
Wilson has approved the sending of
two additional companies of American no recently issued a -statement
railway troops to ArchangeL sharply criUcizing several features of
This Information, cabled to the war the league plan, intends to open the
department bv General Tasker H- attack Wednesday. His address is ex
Bliss at Paris, by direction of the pres- Pcted to precipitate general debate
idenL was transmitted today to Chair- bu,1 w hether members of the foreign
men Chamberlain and Dent of the sen- relations committee will participate
ate and house military committees, by appears doubtful as most of them ap
Secretary Baker. The announcement 1 Parently are disposed to accede to the
brought expressions of approval from i Presiaent s request,
several senators, including Senator r Senator Cummins of Iowa also ex
Johnson of California, Republican.' ctc3feak du"n week Oth
who ha, been pressing his resolution ! ILT .f pl?snnmf
r n frit inj Qtm a ra -t ViccmiH n H
prevailing for a declaration by the
senate in favor of withdrawal of the
American forces.
General Bliss also informed Secre-. also jg 8aid to desirous of express.
tary Baker that Great Britain had de-- ing TjWg at aa earl date
cided to send 2,400 additional soldiers I
to Archangel to reinforce the army in TO TRANSFER PRISONERS
north Russia. In thi3 connection Gen- fv Review L.ed Wire
eral Bliss said the British military au- PHOENIX, Ariz.. Feb. 17 The ma
thorities felt no apprenension over the ! jority of the 90 odd federal prisoners
military situation in north Russia.
"BATTLING" LEVI NSKY LOSES
(By Review Leased Wire)
BUFFALO," N. Y.. Feb. 17. Harry
Greb of Pittsburg defeated "Battling"
Levinsky of New York, in ten rounds
here tonight, all the way. Levinsky
weighed 175, Greb 164 1-2 pounds.
IT liMTillOT
l py a a any .u.
ALREADY
OCCUPATIONS
hours the strike had spread to other
organizations of miners.
I. W. W. Caused Strike
The organization in which the Finns
held membership was known as the
Metal Mine Workers' Industrial Un
ion No. 80. I. W. W. On February 8. 1
the day after the men at the Elm Orlu j
struck, the Butte Metal Miners' onion
(independent) with which many of the j
Butte miners -were affiliated, declared
a strike. Direction of -the strike was i
under the soldiers, sailors and work-1
ers council- Mine interests of Butte j
openly charged that the strike was in- j
stituted and conducted by the I. W. W. j
and was to have been conducted in
conjunction with the general strike in
Seattle.
At the time the strike was declared
there was a part of one company of
the 44th United States infantry, (reg
ulars) stationed in Butte. It was the.
opinion that the situation was serious
and more troops were called for. An
additional company of the, 44th Infan
try reached Butte from Ft. George
Wright, Spokane, on the morning of
February 9. On the morning of Feb
ruary 10 miners on their way to work
reported that they had been interfer
ed with by pickets -and (the military
under command of Maj. A. M. Jones
took charge of the situation and in a
brief time dispersed the pickets, using
Dayonets wnen a disposition was
shown not to move at the command
of the soldiers.
Two nights later two more compan
ies of the 44th Infantry arrived from
Ft. Lawton, Wash., and dating from
their arrival, Butte has experienced a
period of quiet.
SENATE TO BEGIN
'LEAGUE DEBATE
Solcns Will Disregard Wil
son's Request to Wait
for His Return
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17 Debate on
oA the constitution of the league of i
fnrpism rplatinno rnnimittppfi at tho I
- o -
White House February 26. Senator
Poindexter of Washington, republican,
criticism are Reed of Missouri and
Gore of Oklahoma, democrats. Senator
j Borah of Idaho, a republican member
! in the Pima county jail will be trans
ferred either to the Lnited States
penitentiary at Leavenworth, Kans.. or
! to the Yavapai county jail at Prescott
. within the rext two weeks, according
to a statement made today by United
Slates Marshal John Dillon. The Pima
jail, the marshal said, is overflowing,
j while there is plenty of room in the
Prescott institution.
THE BISBEE DAILY
.
y ' l
ft
ft U it E
II t
WILL DEPORT ALL ALIEN ANARCHISTS, SA
RAILROAD INCOMES DROP
Senate Agrees
With House on
Road Program
(By Review Leased "Wire)
WASHINGTON, Feb.
17. Senate and house con
ferees reached an agreement
today on the $400,000,000
postoffice appropriation by
eliminating the senate
amendment providing for
pneumatic tube mail service
in New York city and Brook
lyn and retaining the senate
amendment appropriating
$200,000,000 for road con
struction during the next
three years.
t The senate provision for
a road building program
provides $50,000,000 for
this year and $75,000,000
for each of the following
years.
165 FT. AIRPLANE
MADE BY GERMAN
Giant Machine,
EauiDDed '
" Hr""
With Six Motors, Inten
ded as War Surprise
BERLIN, Sunday. Feb. 16- (By the
Associated Press.) If the war had
lasted a few months longer Germany
was prepared to surprise . the world
with an enormous airplane. The new
giant of the air, which was planned by
Harcld Wolff, an engineer, will have
its first trial at Doberitz within a few
days.
The new machine i nearly 165 feet
from wing tip to wing Up and stands
more than 23 feet high. It has six
motors with a total oi 1,800 horse
power, driven by four propeliors, two
of which are forwards and two aft.
Each of the propeliors has four blades.
Two of the motors, it is said, can stop
simultaneously without affecting any , $1,524,000,000 the year before. Main
of the propeliors or having any result ; tenant e cf equipment cost $1,10S,000,
excert to raise the speed of the air- i 000 as compared with $690,000,000, and
plane. j maintenance of way and structures
Apart from its dimensions and pow-1 $653,000,000 as compared with $445,
er, the new airplane lis not only j 000,000.
equipped with devices enabling the
pilots to know at all times tneir aiti-;
tuae ana angle oi elevation, out aiso
with devices to tell the absolute as
believed will make flying possible on
the darkest night and in the thickest
fog. The device for determining the
absolute direction consists of an in-!
strament adapted to receiving mes- j and net federal income $334,000,0 JO.
sages from various wireless stations i For the southern district, revenues !
and capable of such adjustment that i were $7S3,OQ0.O0O, expenses $60S.O0O.-'
a message frcm any particular station 1 00 and net federal income $146,000,
can be heard only when the device is ;
turned in that direction. !
.
t . .. .
I WORLD S MOTORBOAT
RECORD IS SMASHED
'
, ,
Review Leased Wire)
MATTOOX, lis.. Feb. 17 . Hamp
shire hogs raised in Coles county
brought world record prices at a public
sale here today. Blue Belle, winner
at the International show tn Chicago
TWemhoT- 7 vi. it, littoi- nf nin
brought J4.S15; Budweiser Lady May,
and Maplewood Giant Second brought
record price of $l,2Uo for a spring
PiS.
WORLD RECORD PRICE r
IS PAID FOR HOGS ' MRS. WOODROW WILSON
ti4 vi TT7-;- -T -j . . ! COMMENDS K. C WORK
MIAMI, Fla Feb. 17. H. R. Duck-i
wall of Indianapolis, drove his motor- (..v Kvk Ijt,a!W wirel
beat Hoosier IV to a new world s rec- j new YORK. Feb. 17. Commenda
ord or 34 miles an hour for the half ;tion bv Mrs. Woodrow Wilson, wife of
mile course in Biscane bay here to-; the president, of -the work of the
j dav and then won the twenty mile race
for boats of this type in 40 minutes J and wounded American soldiers in
32.4 seconds. i France, is quoted in a letter from Ed-
Whip, owned by Robert Maypole, j ward Reed of Longmont, Colo., in
Chicago, and driven by Curtis Slith, ; charge of the organization's activities
Chicago, won the ten mile race fori at base hospital No. 57 in Paris, re
express cruisers in 21 minutes 2.16 ' ceived by the war work council here
seconds. ' todav.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire
REVIEW, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1919.
a
UNDER
0. S. CONTROL
Operating Expenses of Federal-Owned
Roads Increase
$1,148,000,000 Over Pri
vate Control System in 1917
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17 The effect
of war on railroad expenses, revenues
and net earnings was shown today by
the interstate commo -ce commission's
final report on earnings of 195 prin
' cipal roads, those whose revenues
' amounted to $1,000, 0 or more, in
! 191S.
Operating revenues lam ounted to $4.
913.319,000, the higheit in history, and
$S36,000.000 more than the $4,050,465,
000 of the previous year. Operating
expenses rose proportionately more
1 however, to $4.006,S94,000, or $1,148.
000.000 more than the $2,S5S,000,000
or tne previous year.
Net Revenue Small
Operating income, which is the dif
ference between revenues and ex
penses with deducations for ordinary
taxes, amounted to $719,159,000 but
because of other adjustments on ao
count of car and facility rents the net
inonnip to thn administrjitinn frnm rtn.
rations amounted to only $690,41S,000.
These figures are somewhat fiitier-
ent from those reported by the rail-i
road administration which reported
federal income as $6SS,000.000. Rev
enues were placed . at $4,S42,000,000
and expenses at $4,006,000,000 by the
railroad administration's statisticians.
he net income in 1917 was $974,778,
000, or $2S4,000,000 greater than last
year.
The result of increased freight and
passenger rates was shown by the in
terstate commerce commission's re
port that freight revenues in 1913
amounted to $3,450,000,000, as com
pared with $2,S34,000,000 in 1917, and
passenger revenues to $1,031,000,000
as compared with SS27.000.000 in 1917.
Expenses Increased ,
All expense items showed marked
increases. Transportation expenses
were '$2K51.000.000 as compared with
The average number of miles one-'
COST
1:1
rated during tne year was 234,022, or:mittee decided to hear tomorrow Brt
; more man in iaii
For the eastern district, operat-
! penses $1,914,000,000 and net Income !
I tor the government $209,000,000. For
i the western district, revenues were
$1,899,000,000, expenses $1.0S9,000,000 I
: EFFORT TO FREE FCE
ALIEN AGENT FAIlS
'j l;v R.-view Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. Feb. 17 An effort to
, , . ..,in .v. .- -v- i.
i r yuenco ommu, u.
banker interned asj a dangerous enemy
allen ? alleg!d l na7e ?n:
nftd m financial activities in behalf
of Giy with Count von Bernstorff ;
I "" v -t'""" ' " -. '
when Federal Judge Mayer dismissed
writ nf habeas ronras sued out in ;
Ctillf.irtli't. HcViolf Thft writ ocaartflH
j that jjufo- a Mexican but
T. Ki it oh .,t
shown Stallforth was not a German
citizen.
' Knigats of Columbus among the sick
Service
U. S. Sailors, Interned,
Marry Turkish Girls
NEW YORK, Feb. 17. Eighteen of the 56 members
of the crew of the United States gunboat Sccrpion, in
terned at Constantinople from April 11, 1917, until last
November, married Turkish women and have been left
behind there, according to Lieutenant Commander Herbert
S. Babbitt of Houghton, N. Y., former commander of the
Scorpion,. who arrived here today. One of the crew's bene
dicts was ojseph Darley, commander yeoman, aged 66, who
requested permission to remain in Turkey because he want
ed to marry "a beautiful Turkish girl about 20 years old."
His request was granted and an effort will be made to ob
tain his discharge and a pension.
Americans Needlessly .
Slain, Says Gov, Allen
Yankees Fought Hun Artillery With Only Infantry Arms,
and Were Killed by Own Shells, Is Charge
WASHINGTON.' Feb. 17. Governor
Allen of Kansas presented to the
house rules committee today evidence
of cfliet-rs and jnen of the Thi-.j -tifti
(Kansas and Missouri National Guard)
division, which he declared, showed
that at times during the great battle
cf the Argonne American troops
"fought the German artillery with in
fantry arms" because there were not
enough horses to move up the artil
lery as fast as the infantry advanced.
There also were times, the governor
said, when shells from the American
artillery fell into the American lines.
killing and wounding due to the fact
that there was a lack "of aircraft to
signal a change." He added that
everything over there fell down ex-
cept the raw manpower, the Americans
fighting with less mechanical assist -
ance than if they were troops from
Inuo China. '
Hss Official Reports
Governor Allen submitted a mass of
documents, some of them copies of
official reports, in support of his
charges that men were needlessly sac
rificed ia driving the Germans beyond
the Meuse, and tomorrow he will ap
pear before the senate military com
mittee. He explained that his purpose
was to give the committee evidence
so they could determine the wisdom
of conducting an investigation.
Chairman Pau interrupted the gov
ernor to say he believed the evidence;
was but "the forerunner of a conipre-i
hensive inquiry," and later the com-'
HERE'S SIMPLE SUM
5 MEN PLUS 10 BBLS.
WINE, EQUAL 5 JAILED
Five men and ten barrels of
w-ine were rounded up by deputy
sheriffs early Sunday when the
officers raided a house in upper
Lowell. The men and wine were
taken to jail and yesterday morn
tog the men were charged with
manufacturing liquor. The five
arrested are: Mike Ribieh,
Pete Lisich Sam Ribich, Stanley
Solker and Nick Ribich. They are
being held for the superior court.
CHINESE TO REVEAL
SECRET AGREEMENTS
Fv Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Feb. 17. A Reuter dis-
' Pat-ch from Peking announces that Jhe
tninese government nas lusiruciea
the Chinese peace delegation to dis-
I close secret agreements with Japan.
savs these agreements are the 21 de-
manas oi jsio, tne v..mno-japanese
miatarv convention, the Klnn fores-
I trv and mininsr asrrment and the
Kaosushunsti railway loan agreement,
as ell as notes echange in 191S con
cerning the cooperative working of
the Kiao-Chow and Tsingtau railways.
WILLARD -ADVISED OF BOUT
Hv Review loused Wire)
CHICAGO. Feb. 17. Jess Willard.
the heavyweight champion, has been
'officially advised that Jack Demp
sey will be his opponent in the heavy
weight championship to be staged July
4th. Tex Rickard. promoter of the
contest, so informed the champion at
their conference here today. Rickard
left tonight for Ft. Worth. Texas.
Ill
$284,000,000
gadier General C. I. Martin, an offi
cer of the 35th division, who was re
lieved of duty the day before the open
ing of the battle of the Argonne.
Governor Allen told the committee
the war department's announcement
that major casualties of the S5th di
vision were 1,733 was misleading. He
declared all casualties of the division
exceeded S.000, including about 1,700
dead. Governor Allen said much of
his information was gathered first
hand in France, while he was engaged
j in Red Cross and Y. M. C A. work,
but added, that after making public
charges of the losses or the division
several weeks ago he had received
letters from many wljo were in the
battle declaring his statements were
accurate.
! Many Reports Heard
"Have you received any that took
i issue with you?" asked Representa-
tive Harrison of Mississippi.
I "None whatever." declared the gov-
ernor.
Names of witnesses for the commit
tee to call before it were given by the
governor, some of them in confidence,
awaiting progress of the inquiry. In
cluded in the multitude of reports and
statements given today was a report
cf Capt. Harry R. Hoffman, a surgeon,
who had charge of the triage, or field
station, who listed casualties of the
thirty-fifth passing through this sta-
tion at 4.623. and also a report of an
inspection of the division, which said
the division was short 2.700 horses for
u-.oving artillery.
I Late News
PARIS. Feb. 17 tBy the Associated Press). The Germans have accepted
the new armistice terms which. It is understood, provide- for the continua
tion of the blockade during the armistice.
PARIS. Feb. 17. Two notes were handed to Marshal Fbch by Matthias
Frrburger. when the. renewal of the armistice was taken up at Tieves. One
i rote concerned employment of German mercantile marine for various pur
i poses, while the oer contained several requests, including release of German
! prisoners and the maintenance of economic intercourse "between Grmany
and occupied German territories.
EAST LAS VEGAS. N. M.. Feb. 17. Charles A. Spies, a resident of
New Mexico since 1SSS and member of the republican national 'turn it tee.
both in territorial days and since New Mexico became a state ed here
tonight, after an illness of several years.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 17. Extension of the work of the federal board
for vocational education in the rehabilitation of wounded soldiers is provided
in a senate bill passed today by the house.
TACOMA. Wash.. Fvb. 17. Resolutions were adopted here tonight by
a committee representing the metal trades council, which declared that any
person returning to work in any shipyard where a strike is in effect will
be regarded as a strikebreaker. The resolution was adopted as a rerly to the
announcement today by the Todd Drydock and Construction company ot
Tacoma that its plant would resume steel ship construction Wednesday pro
viding the Seattle yards reopened at the same time.
LONDON. Feb. 17. It has been learned from various reliable sources,
says Reuter's. limited, that the situation in Petrograd and Moscow three
weeks ago was worse than ever. Executions were being conducted in the
prisons and often were carried out to the lively strains of a regimental band,
the victims being lined up at the edge of a long open place and shot by
Lettish soldiers.
GENEVA. Feb. 17 (By the Associated Press. A report from Innsbruck
says former Emperor Charles of Austria is a prisoner in the castle outside
of Vienna, guarded b socialists. The reports add Charles desires to emi
grate to America with his family as a civilian. Most of his fottuue is said
to'have been placed in the Untted State.
Copper Week ending
Feb. 12. M. & E. Jour
nal, quotation. 17.67.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
YS U. S.;
IN
EIFORCEO
SAYS Mi
Secretary of Labor eclares
Those Held Plotted Over
throw of Government 1 y
Violence and Are Enemies
(By Review Leased Wire I
WASHINGTON. Feb. 17. Aliens
found advocating destruction of prop
erty or overthrow of the government
by force will be deported under the
provisions of the immigration act of
February 5. 1917. This announcement
was made today by Secretary of Labor
Wilson in a leuer sharply rebuking
Micrometer Lodge 460, International
Association of Machinists of Brook
lyn, for protesting against the depor
tation of 5$ "alien radicals. The
secretary denied that the aliens were
being deported without due process of
law, and asserted that tney had been
given fair trials.
Mr. Wilson reiterated his previously
announced decision that no person
would be arrested simply for joining
the Industrial Workers of the World,
but that any alien advocating sabotage
or anarchy would be deported, and
said :
Will Enforce Law
"It is my intention, as secretary of
labor, now that the unusual danger of
sea travel is over, to carry out the
clear provision of the law; first, be
cause it is my sworn duty to do so.
and, second, because any foreigner
who comes to this country and advo
cates the overthrow of our form of
government by force is an invading
enemy, who is treated with great len
iency when he is simply deported to
the land from which he came.
"When our own citizens desire to
change the form of government they
can do so peaceably in the manner pro
vided by the constitution. If we cah
not make progress by the peacable
process of discussing and voting we
sre not likely to make any progress by
the riotous process of cussing and
shooting. The man who cannot be de
fended upon o vote risht cannot be
defended upon to shoot ri;ht."
Mr. Wilson called the union's atten
tion to the fact that passage of the
immigration act was strongly sustain-
fOontlnued or. TPnRe Three)
Bulletins
WlOpPf
YEAR
LAWS
WILL TWO
THE BISBEE DAILT -VIEV7,VrUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1919.
C5"
CM
c
NC
By Virgil O. Strickler, C S.
Member Ot the Board or Lec -
tiirrsnir or hp Mnthcr
nurcn, i ne r irst nurcn
of Christ Scientists,.
in
Boston, Mass.
Mr. Strickler in his lecture said:
As it becomes more generally under
stood that through the ministry of
Christian Science people are being
neaiea oi sicaness. sin, unnappiness. ;
worry, fear, and other discordant co-!
ditions. there is an ever increasing "IS- iese evu ana erroneous
desire upon the part of the general jme?tal V nM in sm. disease,
public to learn how these results are ! andea th- and in human discord,
accomplished. It is the purpose of this 'The comnd is to get nd of erroa
lecture to explain how Christian ! 60118 mental qualities, and to liave in
Science does these things. There is j 03 tbeMmd "which was also in Christ
no mystery about Christian Science 1 Jesus, for In this Mind there was
healing, nor is it difficult to under-!not a. single sinful quality, nor any
stand. It can be stated without any superstition or false religious -belief,
reservation whatever that every per-' Tnus the human mind is renewed by
son who is willing to do so may learn itne destruction f erroneous and sin
through Christian Science how to healj fBV mental quafties' and the snbsti
itirns ami n Acxitm n I tution in theirDlace of Qualities that
V .J .J BUM W ' III J V. Ul..'ll t .J I
;n - vin..if v. n , -
sin, for himself and others.'
many Dine rent rteiigious beners . , - v. - - - - .
It is said that there are more than ! ,ch.nf .9S- 8"ffn,l& " af scordant
200 different kinds of the Christian j "f111 0 fiaPPear. and
religion alone, -not " to mentJon1 the kea " fished, and every mortal
hundreds of other' forms of religions ' HM,Bhta? been -broughtinto subjee
that are not Christian. 'It mctU!oat S"81- then man wfll be trans
that people do" entertain widely 'differ- formed from a sinnmg. suffering moK
ing religious beliefs. In many fj tato a ftate of peace and harmony,
stances the differences are irreconcfl- The carnal mind with its sm and sup
able, and yet every one believes with "J"0" Produces the conditions that
all of the sincerity of which he is ca- ,ead to J"le to be spiritually
pable that his own particular beliefs I
are irue. n miisi w cuuctueu mai, iu .
the main, all people are -equally honest
- T . a 3 - , a. a a
and equally sincere in their religious i "" " cl,;,B wesa uj
beliefs. The only reason why they"hicl1 iEIIian beings are saved from
are rrnnnpii tnp-Pther in nifforent I sickness and Sin. -
forms of religions is because they hon- 11 wm thaa De seen that Christian
estly believe that fhrough their own ' Science healing in every case Is spirit
particular form of religion they will j nal- results from the operation of
find the good which they so earnestly ! Truth or. divine Principle in human
desire. . jxonsciousness, and not from -the ac-
As cne considers the subject of re-! Uon of One human mind upon another,
lisicn from this broad viewpoint it I nor from human will, nor from hypno
becomes entirely plain that most ofi8111 nor from mental suggestion,
the people in the world are believing ! To summarize the matter in a single
as their religion many things that are sentence, it can be said that Christian
not true. ' Science healing is accomplished
v There is only one truth about any!1111 tQe activity of right thinking
subject, although, there may be manyand riSht living, and in no other way
erroneous beliefs about it. This i3-as!caa cne demonstrate the Principle
true of religious subjects a3 cf others, i that -keas-If
one believes erroneously as to what I Honest Skepticism
is the law he will not be a safe law- Although tie healing of physical
ycr, nor will he be an efficient engi- anj mental disease by spiritual uieans
neer if his beliefs concerning the rules ! was widely practiced, both in pid
of mathematics are faulty. In each J Testament and New Testament times,
case erroneous beliefs must be dis-! Jesus, aad although Christian Science
placed by positive knowledge before during the last fifty years has actually
correct results can be attained. I healed in this way large numbers of
Everyone will recognize not only the - people from all kinds of physical and
desirability, but the nccesa;ty of ox. . mental diseases, . there- are still a
changing lake and erroneous beliefs j great many people who honestly find
about religious matters for positive it difficult to understand how it is pos
truth. In no other way can he grow i sible for the sick to be healed without
spiritually. Spiritual truth is the truth j drugs, and entirely by spiritual means,
about spiritual things. iut as long as; Even amorg. those who profess to be
one believes erroneously about spirit-, lieve in the Bible and in" the omnipo-
ll.il thinerx ti i nn o f -j 1 t r t-i o n H iic AnnA nr rA , i
- - --' "
erroneous beliefs will deprive him of ;
1 0 mj o ixo uu 1 ' - X- r uvjk v&
that can be taught to and understood To all such it can be said that Jesus tnem have been healed of many such
by human beicg3 to enable them to healed the sick without drugs, and, conditions. These facts are easily veri
heal the sick and raise the dead, and '. what Is more important to Vis, he fied. and are worthy of very serious
no one should be satisfied until he has , taught other people how to do so, consideration.
attained to this understanding and .'thus rmvin? that hi mothn.i f h-i!i Snirituai 1 a
aemonstration.
True religion consists of spiritual
liuu aua noi oi erroneous Deueis ; ; nnaerstood and. practiced by them,
hence it follows that one's religion is j As the disciples walked up and down
limited to the amount of spiritual the country with -Jesus, listening to
truth he knows, and that erroneous re-! his explanations of spiritual truth,
htious beliefs are only so many delu-jand watching him apply this truth to
sions that serve no other purpose than J human needs as he healed the leper
to cbstruct spiritual growth. . tae lame, the deaf, the blind, whom
The trouble with most of U3 has : he met by the wayside, they began to
been that we have oeireved erron-1 understand for the first time that di
eously without knowing it. In my I vine Love is adequate to meet every
case it was not until Christian Scjence j human need, and that Jesus has come
came ta me and taught me the differ-' :0 teach the way whereby every one
eace between spiritual truth and erron-j might learn how to prove it.
.:uU,.. .itiici mai 1 Hfirucu uo j
to dissect fny own beliefs. No one could :
niore certain of the correctness of !
numan inti iuh 1 learned now
. ... , -
. . .. . . . - . .. . an lucie iiuajij tame a lime
mine at that time. I had been behev-J wteE Jesns considered that they had
hf , 81nPere,5- manyimaae sufficient progress to prove it
things that I found could not possibly j for themselves. He then sent them
be true. Many scales began to fall ! Sonh with the command that they heal
lrcm c eyes, and I then commenced ihe sick, cleanse the lepers and raise
IL ,1? . expe"ence forvthe first hhe dead- ad th Bible recprds that
time the rtil s:nr.cance of the words 1 they were able to da so. ' 7
used by Jesns in the eigth chapter ofi Later these same disrinle ta,,t
icwwiu iiieis man 1 was di i
John, wtc-n he sail, "Ye shall know!
: .:
r "irJn f"encevai,m? to destroy j
errtnecus religious beliefs by substi
tutin knowledge of tru-h in nlare
therecf, asd to destroy out of the hu-
ll L J"d ar.TVl1 .'ina!:Ues b- Plant-
lnz COd Qualities m thpir cto-iH t I
- , "jucau niv.e raisea curing me first and
wages re!cnt!e3S warfare against all! second centuries. MoScs and the
luM'-Vnv- ft secks P-crhets also healed the sick and
i f l '? pl2Ce h3te' UD--;rci-ed the dead and did many -either
fco?e t-tS IS-rl .ofst,fV-hss- honderful works in demonstration of
frath Vn "url n" ' d'5hTJr- andithe power of Spirit to meet human
J P - - " UyS tTC- ete- a the Old Testament ia filled
mcEj."3 "pphasis upon the necessity j with such instances.
.Z'tPV? eWMV every . U will thus be seen that the ltnowl-
"A.1?: '. ClMV'T ands-:cd of its applicatica to deliver reoPle
.Z" I ? . r f 311 d,caie tTOTn ckness. sin. and every kind 01
arl K,mC n?altand Physiral.: evil human conditio has r7appoarea
"ckness end sm arc upon the earth at many times, and u
kn , V:bf . evf""fhza,,0:l of tha.ls claimed for Christian Science that
human mcntal.ty with truth end love, i: i the reappeaiance in our own gen
L T" -ae , ",l-,0t reservation eratlon cf the understanding of the
hat.-vrr ,.iat ,he tr.Jth tauht and same spiritual law that was known
praci:l ty J"sus. when uii.1rstood : and understood in part by Moses ana
anj c-pl -rf. is sufficient without the. prcrhets. and which was perfectly
n!gsrr any matenal means t- l.e?.l ' unerstocd and demonstrated by
the s. i :ir;d regenerate th sinner. 1 Jesus, and by him talsht to his dis
ni ( i;rj ti;-n scientists every where j ciples. There is no mystery about it.
crc rjvirced daily in Jeniopsr ratin--' and the. remilfs nrm!npri rwi.n,.
and pr ;n this to tm-. I
Every student of religion rhonH
gin to five hrd to hat tlio r.;r.J
leache? ronrrnins: the in:pomn'- ol
lookjjc to the mental rather than to
the jysiral deliverance for human
discord. V.e rrad ia Fiomaiis o:G.7.
To be carnally minded is death; but j fairly and honestly will find in it thai t moti.es and aims must be honest, and ('spiritual, and not material Thia
D. to be spiritually minded is life and .; which will satisfy his spiritual aspira- j his desires unselfish. In this way the ' makes it necessary for Christian Sc
. peace. Because thp carnal mind is , Uons and meet his human needs. I mrnprtinn jti sciahikii hpiu-pen his : ns tn omi.i. i
' enmity against God: for it is not sub-
T 7 .v , j . r . , "
ject to the law of God neither indeed,
??D.!?i 5?mJn PPP1' 2:5 it .
1 - - . - , !
uixiyvia.ua ..o u
, is said, "Let t this mind be in you.
! which was alsb in Christ Jesus;" and
in Romans 12:2. "Be ye transformed
-' by renewing of your mind."
- These significant statements from
the Scriptures leave no room for doubt
ias to the cause of sin, disease, and
j deatn, or their cure. The carnal mind
Is nothing more nor less than the un-
regeneratea human mmi; it is the
human mind in Its natural state,
when filled with hatrod aelfichnsea
deceit, dishonesty, and other evff qual-
- . " V . .
I11?3- nd JTUn superstition and false
- inhere in the Mind of the: Master.
. "
inhere in the Mind nf ti-ATacter -
as mis renewing process goes on.
mma?a- 13 nare tne . tn
,
'Jfa?:e'
vi uuu, uicic ate uiixuy wuu
have honest doubts that the power or
mg physical disease bv spiritual!
means could be taught to others, and i
home cf the riiiirinlM cocmad n
tome ci tee diiciple3 seemed to
grasp this truth and the manner of its!
demohstrAtion venr 10- ht !
ucLiuujinuua tcijf biowijf, DUl
to .
-i, v,
T;.. ; 1 , e , i
wmch tney tad learned from Jesus to
that on down through a period of
about ten generations the. healing of
the sick by spiritual means continued
to be a part of the regular ministry of
the Christian church, and that the
. .' .. ZT .
Science are t.'e rouito nri i-h Ko
a...-ys f Hewed, and must necessarily
follow, from th apprehension and
. lToorctniion f,f spiritual truth. Chris
tian Sri-nce is nothing more nor less
than a return to primitive Chris'tian-
uy, and
every one who turns to it
mr5- tuu discovery
Mrs. Eddy, is acknowledged to be
the Discoverer and Founder of Chris-
,ue uiscoverer ana rounuer oi cnns-
tian Science, and many people ask
' what it is that she has discovered,
j in reply-it can be said that she has
; discovered the law of Spirit which is
spiritual truth. ..,
In the material realm many material
laws have been discovered. Sir Isaac
; Newton, : for - instance, observed the
movements, pi material bodies, and t
cocceived the idea that. such move
ments were' governed by a law which
he afterward discovered and named
the law of gravitation. This law can
not be seen with the .physical eyes,
but its existence can be proved in
other ways. Likewise, Marconi gain
Ad thp frlpa ttinf snnthpr liw o-victd
and he said that if he could discover I
it ne would te awe to transmit mes-
sages by its agency from one part of
11 mea-f
the earth to another without any ma
terial wires. That law has always ex
isted and has always operated, but K
was not until it was discovered that
if became available forhuman use. I
cannot be seen by the human eyej bui
anyone may now learn how to utilize
it
' In much the same way there was
born in the consciousness of Mrs.: Ed
dy the idea that there exists a law
of Spirit. She had observed that some
times great suff eringr and distress
were produced by material laws,- and
that even whole communities -were
devastated and destroyed by their ope
ration, hence she came to the conclu
sion that a God who possesses infinite
Wisdom and eoodnesa rmild not nun.
rate through laws that produce -both
gooa ana eviu sne, therefore, came to
the conclusion that God is governing
His children and His universe through
spiritual laws and not through ma
terial laws.
Mrs. Eddy also studied the- miracles
in the Old and New Testaments, and
came to the inevitable conclusion that
all of those events were correlated by
means of an underlying spiritual law
that had been known and understood
by the men who wrought them, and
she said that if she could di
law it would be found to operate in the
same manner now as in Rihle times-
that it would be a healing law, and
would now heal people of sickness and
sin and every evil human condition
the same as then..- -
This idea grew and expanded in her
consciousness until it became the im
pelling motive of tier entire life. In
the year 1S66 she discovered the law
of Spirit, and named it Christian Sci
ence. After waiting nine years, during
which time she subjected the Princi
ple that she bad discovered tr tno
Droaaest practical tests
in hoi lino"
sickness and other, forms nf human
1 discord. &h TuihlichH a etitomnnt :
' j.vt t.. aituv ui I
PhricfiaTi Qianna . i !
iiia jyu; wiUCil Silt? I
entitled "Science and Health with
Key to the Scriptures." This book is
now everywhere recognized as the
only textbook of Christian Science. A
great religious movement has formed
around its teachings, which in one
generation has srirdled the earth mth
. its churches. The spread of Christian
Mrs: Eddy discovered the law of
Spirit as truly as Sir Isaac Newton
discovered the law of gravitation, and
this fact should be thoroughly under
stood. Just as Newton discovered that
the movement of material bodies are
r gulated and governed by this mate
rial law. so Mrs. Eddy discovered the
Principle that t-.overns the entire, uni
verse, ii eluding every detail in the
live, Cf men. That supreme, creative.!
juitraouing omnipresent : Jitnd - or
Principle is God, the only cause, the
only creator, the only Ruler of man
and the universe.
vnen we watcn water flowing over
the e see that without hesita-
tiol" or delav it alwav .w tho
When we watch water flowing over
tio or delay it always selects the low
iuoi. AU iresn water is continually
strivine to reach the sea. where it will
be- at rest" In choosing its course it
measures the tope jraphy of the ground
more accurately and more quickly
thia the engineer could dovith his" in
struments. No embodied mind is pres
ent to tell, it where to go, but there
is an unerring, invisible law everv
where present directing its movement,
wv I . . .. a r a . .
sue a:vays guiding it in the 4nte
ctut:e.
- If such perfect law exists to guide
the water In its movement toward the
sea. how much more certain it is thpt
equally perfect spiritual law exists to
guide the footsteps of tired and dis
couraged human brings out of the wit
aeiness cf sickness, failure, and sin
into the kingdom of peace.
The Bible tells, us that such a law
exists and is operating for our benefit.
In Psafcjs S7:'3 we read. "The steps
of a good man are ordered by the
Lord." 'Again, in Romans 8:2S. "All
things work together for good to them
that love Gci," and in Romans 8:2.
"For the law of the Spirit cf life in
Christ Jesus- Ijath made m free from
ttf- law of yin and death."
What "a icrfse of security comes to
one wber-he-rea!izcs that there is re
ally a J:iw bfgood operating that will
guide his footeps as truly as the law
cf gravitation guides the water. And
what a sense of peaces comes from
the assurance thtu there is an infinite
overruling Mini that governs every
thing in the universe Trcra the least
to the greatest, and cau:'s "all things
(to) work together for good."
In each case, however, a condition
attached. One must desire to be a
cot-i man and must love God. therwise
the law of ctHid does not cperaio for
him. To attain goodness, one must
ta nk and live as nearlv as he can in
atc -rdaine with spiritual truth; one's
I u cOiaiHiau.u v...u
consciousness and the law. ana men
I the law operates through him and in
his behalf. if he is an evil man. that
"
If he is an evil man, that
such wroDsr living and thinking sepa-
rate his consciousness from the law of
miide his footstpns or make verv-
thing work together for good for him.
Source nf flood and Evil
Outaiirt rf Christian S?cienoe verv
few oeoDle - have ever reasoned out
the question -to "their own satisfaction
as to whefe good and evil come from,
nd stHl -fewer-have -even -a satisfac
tory theory as to how good may be se
cured or evil avoided in actual human
extierience.
AU though, the centuries there has
been a. widespread belief that good I
anl evil corneas the result of luck or
ichance, but. this belief is necessarily
incorrect. Amonr all nolvtheists. or
those who believe in many gods, there
is the belief that some of the gods
send. good and that others send evil,
and they seek to propitiate the latter
by sacrifices 'and rites, believing that
in this way alone they can escape from
evil. r . e-
Among mO;notheists, or those who
believe there is! but one God. there is
jthe- belief th'atjthe one God creates
ana senas Dptn good ana evil. This
belief, however'involves' so many im
possible contradictions that it has led
actually to the "belief in the existance
of an evil being called "devil." who is
supposed to create and send evil. Thus
to escape the --belief that God sends
both good aad.. evil, those who call
themselves jnonQtheists are really
polytheists, for they actually believe in
a God of goodand in an evil power,
or devil. This-in turn makes it ne
cessary for them to determine in be
lief the sphere-of activity and the re
lative power T-each. bace the Bible
declares, however, that God is' omni
potent, that isTthat He has all power,
monotheists have come generally to
believe that such power as the devil
is supposed to. possess has been con
ferred upon him by God, and that
God permits the devil to send evil in
the form of sickness, sorrow, sin. and
death, to afflict and destroy human be
ings. Witlirmt crrtlrvrr fiirtTiAV frits Ka mo
ter than merely to state the case, it
will thus be .-seen that there is much
confusion of belief among Christians
and other monotheists concern in & the
J nature and origin of both good and evil
ana as to wnat causes tneir activity
in human experience, and until this is
corrected by positive knowledge it will
be impossibl to deal with the subject
intelligently, er to think about it ac
curately. -
Christian Science shows that all
l?nod romp ftofll flrui thrnnrh iha rv
. w v&u uv -
era lion of His laws, and that evil
originates in ne human carnal mind,
which is . "enmity against God. Evil is
not an entity. It has no kingdom and
no king. - It has no mind, no presence,
and no laws.; The only power it can
ever exercise :is what it. derives from
human belief in it, and human accep
tance of it.
"--
Since God ig,. infinite good He has
knowledge, . of good and of nothing
eise. ne coum not possiDiy nave know
ledge of evil, for evil does not exist
in the spiritual universe, and it is real
ly the only universe. . The seeming
existence of evil is. in the carnal mind.
It has been well said that if everyone
would quit sinning there would be no
more sin. As human consciousness is
evangelized by truth and love, sin dis
appears. There is no such thing as an angry
God waiting to smite you for sin, for
God has no knowledge of sin in any
form. His law is-against sin; yet the
punisnment tor or of sm is by sin. and
wnen tne sm is destrovetl and
sm is destrovetl and nut
away out of the human mind, the mm.
W"? !
1-- ' - " -"iuii (fuuiau U1Q
sinner. I
Thus the forgiveness of sin consists
in the destruction of 6in, and the sin
exists nowhere but in the carnal hu
man mind. The belief that God par
dons sin merely because you ask Him
to do so, without turning from the 6in
yourself and putting it away from you,
is foolish self-deception.
People ask how God can destroy sin
when He knows nothing of sin and
does not even know that it exists. The
answer is plain. He destroys it just
as the sun destroys the darkness
which it never sees. When the light
appears the darkness disappears, uood
and evil cannot mingle any more than
Iiht and dart-noca eon r. 1
vanishes before the other.
. a
man
Sooner or later everyone must learn
the truth about man. When one asks
himself who ra man? what is he?
where does he come from- is he spirit
ual, or is he material? many channels
for thought are opened. Upon the cor
rect answer to these questions will
depend the solution of every human
problem.
Everyone has read the two differ
ing accounts of creation in the Bible.
In the first chapter of Genesis we are
told that God created man in His own
image; after His own likeness, and
that He made him good. In the sec
ond chapter of Genesis, however, we
find the allegorical account of how
God came to this earth and made man
out of the dust of the ground. Then
follows the Ktory of Adam and Eve.
and the garden of Eden. We also read
that a deep sleep fell upon Adam, and
then that sin appeared and brother
murdered brother, and so. from that
time until now; the man made ot dust
has been a sinner and has been at
enmity against Gcd.
In view of all of this it becomes
vitally important that wc find out the
truth about man. Was unn made in
the ima?e and likeness of God. and
hence created a spiritual being, or was
he made out of the dust of the ground
as a material being? Christian Science
accepts the first account of the crea
tion as true, and insists that man is 1
. uv.O lv VAflUU UU 41 U fHiSSl 016 JOT
man to be wholly spiritual when e
seem to see him as flesh and blood
j with our actual physical eyes. ChSs -
: " -a nu iu uiuuu
i with our actual physical eyes. Chris-
perfectly clear by showing that the
j material man is nothing more or less
of man.
. Tfce carnal mind is entirely mate-
M,! 1 ... ... 14 Ml-
uiuce, u 13 enmity against God.
because God is Spirit and SDirit.and
matter are opposite. The carnal mind !
is composed or tne aggregated beliefs
founded upon the testimony of the five
physical senses, which senses are
wholly material hence the carnal
mind being material cannot compre
hend nor cognize the things of Spirit.
It is these material elements enter
ing Into the tuman mind that causes
it to see everything as material and
to think in terms of matter. By an
inevitable reversal it reduces every
thing to the dead level of matter in
order to comprehend it.
It is due to this materiality that the
human mind does not think of God
waclly as Spirit, and therefore, in Its
material belief, it reverses the nature
and character or God, and converts
Him into material man. Likewise, be
cause of this same material element,
the human mind does not think of the
kingdom of God as a spiritual state of
consciousness, which Jesus declared
Is within you," anj transforms It in
belief into a material' nlare snmo.
where in the sky, with trappings of j
material snlendor aurK no .....) j '
expect to find in the Dlaces of men
Since the human mind is prevented overestimated. All sin. disease, and
by its own materiality from compre-" dea come from the beliet r life.
hending God as Spirit and the king-i,te hsence sensat"n, and substance
dom of heaven as a spiritual state ot,n matter- 11 11 oe te. and it now
ccusciousness, it is equally prevented : fe,ems to be se"led- that there is no
from thinking of man as spiritual Bvi , . matter that u na! uo sensation
reason of the same Inevitable reversal lnto t11' lsn0t sut.stance'
it thinks of man as material and ' fn lt follows that aU material the-
hence sees him as such ILTm' 1?,2ea8e and the
. . ! method ot solving all human problems.
The Adam-Man jwill have to be changed from a ma-
tsut no matter how sincerely Deonle terial tn sniritnni koc-o i .-
uviivic iuai uuu is a magniiica
man. seated upon a material throne,
and having a material habitation in a
material place called heaven such
belief does not make it true. God is
Spirit, and His universe is wholly
spiritual. There is not one material
element in Him nor in anything that
j He created. He did not create matter
in any form, nor did He create a ma
terial man. God created everything
spiritually and not materially, and the
Onlv kin:l nf mun inti1 H un i
- ..wvv, uj 111U4 13 i
the perfect spiritual mau, matfe in His j
own image and likeness, precisely as
described in the first chapter of
Genesis.
The Adam-man is not the image of
God, and in the second account of the
creation in the second chapter of Gen
esis it Ms nowhere stated that the
Adm-man was made in God's image
and likeness, or that he was made per
fect. These statements are to be
louni in the first chapter, and are
used in relation to the real man. But
in spite of this, people have gone on
believing that the Biblo taught that
Adam was made in God's image.
1 .ovjci o-reiuc is me oiiiv system
pf teaching that I know anything
tuom mai even manes an attempt to
cj-piam tne ainerence between man
ana tne Adam-man
and it dnoa o-r.
plain it and makes the fact n.rfoftK-
plam. by pointing out, as has already
been said, that the Adam-man is mere
ly the false, material mis-concept of
man. It is as though one were to look
through green eyeglasses. As long as
he did so, everything would appear to
be green. If he were to try to remove
the green from an object, he could not
do so, for the reason that the green
was not in the object, though appear
ing to be there, but was in the lens
through which he looked at it. The
only thing necessary for him to do in
order to translate the entire green uni
verse tack into its normal aspect
would be mereiv to tak off th
lenses.
In precisely the same way the mate
rial universe and material man are
translated back into the spiritual,
where in fact they have always been,
by merely taking off th material eye
glasses through which we have looked
at them. If it were conceivable that
on could now rid himself of every ma
terial element in his mentality, and of
every sin and false belief .- th
nothing remained in his consciousness
except the spiritualized thought, he
would not then see his fellow man as
material, but would see him for what
ne really is. namely, the perfect spirit
ual child of God.
From the foregoing consideration ot
the subject ot man, and of the differ
ence between spiritual man and the
so-called material man, it is obvious
that there are certain questions con
corning the nature and character of
matter that may be examined with
much profit.
Matter
Since the material man is only the
carnal mind's mis-conrent nf man .
follows that matter has no entity-, kni
is in every case nothing but material
thought objectified. Christian sh.
ence shows that "there is no lif.
truth, intelligence, nor substance in
matter." Science and Health, page 46$,
anes 9 and 10. and that. "Matter has
no sensation" ibid.. 4S5.-3. &-en-thin
in the objective world, which appears
to human
the visible manifestation of. material
thought, formed in the material or
carnal miud. and cognized by the
physical senses as a material thing.
If these statements concerning mat
ter be true ft will be seen at a glance
that they will explain many phenom
ena in human experience which hither
to have been unexplainable. That they
are true is uow settled absolutely and
conclusively, as will be seen.
When Mrs. Eddy first made the dis
covery mat matter 111 every form has
. - - - . 1
HO 111! OI llt?i:i4v li?Y KPiuiiinn
stance, but is meivly the ralo mental I 1 chaneU belief concerning lata
concept of the material or camaijs. Tuey believed that he baj lived
mind, her suumcnts were not acta matter and was material, and hence
cepted as true by physical scientists.
They declared that matter was real
substance. They asserted that every
object, whether it be a star, a flower, a
obiect wheehpr it ho str
1 rock cJ the humw bHr
1 ed of atoms ToLm E
. rocK. or tne numan oouv, was com-
posed of atoms brought together and
held together under varvin mndu
tions. and that the atom was material.
Hence, they said that since the start
ing point of matter was the material
atom, matter must of necessity be sub
stance. Mrs. Eddy took no pains to defend
her statements upon the subject. She
had seen the truth about it and. know.
ing that it was the truth, she was
quite content to let the statement of
her discovery go into consciousness,
well knowing that in the end the truth
would prevail. It is most interesting,
therefore, to observe what has taken
place since then. Within recent years
a physical scientist discovered that
the atom is aot the starting-point of
matter, and that the atom is itself
composed of electrons. When asked
to state the nature and character 01
the electron, he said that it was en
ergy, which is not material substance.
Since then the physicists have come
out frankly and fairly and now say
that any inquiry concerning the nature
and character of the electron should
be referred to the metaphysician, and
that the whole subject belongs to the
domain, of metaphysics and not
physics.
The far-reaching effect of thi3 is at
once apparent, tor it frankly admits
that the starting point of matter Is not
material, but mental. -
Cause and Cure of Disease
Tne importance of this cannot be
itself merely a thing of thought objec
tified, it follows that disease in what
ever form is also merely the objecti
fication of diseased beliefs upon the
human body, and that such" beliefs
originate in the carnal mind, and not
in the body, but are manifested on the
body only after they are formulated in
the material, or carnal mind. It this
be true, and it is true beyond all pos
sible question, it then follows that the
correct way to treat disease is not
inxougn matter, nor by giving material
remedies and drnn to the hrutv hni k
destroying the images of disease out
01 me numan mind.
Every one must see at a glance that
disease is not itself an entitv It hio
no mind, intelligence, violation, nor
presence. disease is neither self-
created nor was it created hv nod rt
originates in he first instance in the
caruar Human nnna in the form ot dis
eased thought, and is then objectified
on the body by the material beliefs
or that same carnal mind. The true
way to cure it, therefore, is to give to
the human mind some thine that
neutralize and destroy the disease pro-
uucing qualities and beliefs. The thing
that does this is the Christ-truth.
Which Christian Rrien
human mind, and in this way Chris
tian Science has healed very many
irom. au Kinas of diseases
Nc- Substance in Mat
Jesus knew that there was no sub
stance in matter, and he knew it so
perfectly that he walked through solid
doors and walls. He knew what was
true about matter, namely, that it is
only the manifested belief of the ma
terial, carnal mind, and since he did
noi nave that material mind, matter
did not appear to him as substance.
His consciousness was spiritualized.
He knew that the only substance is
Spirit, but because of the material
element in their conseiousnWe th
people were unable to see or conipre-
uena opiru as suDstance. They could
only think of matter as substance, and
therefore to them matter appeared as
substance.
Knowing that there was no sub
stance In matter he knew that man was
not material. Mrs.. Eddy pointed out
many years ago in Science and Health
(see pp. 4T6, 477) that Jesus saw the
real man where mortals saw the mor
tal man. and that his true view healed
the sick. The more one ponder over
thi- statement the more it become an.
parent that it is necessarily true. When
there came to Jesus the man who had
been born blind and who had grown
from infancy to mature years without
the "perfect organs of sight, Jesus
healed him instantly. He looked
through the material refl and saw the
real man. who. in every case, is per
fect. Jesus knew that God had never
created one of his' children without
sight. God never made an imperfect
man. Man being perfect has perfect
spiritual sense, and by seeing the per
fect man. Jesus pulled away the mask
and allowed the perfect condition to
arpear. When the paralytic was
brought to him. Jesus, by seeing the
real man. pulled away the mask cre
ated by the material beliefs of the
carnal mind, thus allowing , M.i
condition of harmony and perfect be
ing to appear and the man was in
stantly healed. Since the real man Is
perfect in every case, when the imperfect-material
beliefs are destroved
by the operation of the truth, human
beings cannot fail to manifest improv
ed conditions.
Jesus also knew that Khlrc min m-a
not material and does not live in mat
ter, ne could not die in matter. Ho
knew this so clearly that he was able
to can Lazarus forth after h,
had been in the tomb four days. Jesus
knew that the real man. being spirit
ual, can never die. for God is his Life.
When he stood before the tomb of
Lazarus he knew that the only thin
that had taken place there was that
certain human beings, who were gov-
"e" fvie u
ornoil Hv tfi 1 1 1
jthat he had died la matter. Jesus
j looked through the mask and saw the
1 real man who was alive all of the
1 time, aud by seeing the real man,
! Jesus destroyed the false concept and
j thus made it possible for the real
j condition of Life to appear. Having
j seen the real man. who was alive
every instant, all that Jesus needed
1 to do was to say, "Lazarus, come
: forth," and ho came forth, alive.
Man Is Now Immortal
t The belief that man is now material.
1 but that his immortality will arpetr
i after the death ot his physical body,
j is rapidly giving place to a better un
, demanding. U is beginning to be-
come tolerably clear to many people
I that death is not the doorway through
j which human beings pass from a ma
1 terial state of existence into the klng-
dom of heaven.
j St. Paul taught and declared that
I death is an enemy that can and will
j be destroyed. Enoch got rid ot his
; physical body without dying. Elijah
'did the same. Obviously they de
stroyed and got rid of every material
and erroneous mental quality. This
evangelization went on until there
was nothing left In their conscious
ness but the spiritualized thought.
They brought every material thought
into obedience to Christ, and when the
last mortal thought had thus been con
quered and destroyed there was noth
ing ot the carnal mind left in their
consciousness to throw a material con
cept over them. People were then no
longer able to see them as material
men. They literally walked with God,
as the Bible states, tor material be
liefs of the carnal mind no longer In
tervened to separate them from Him.
Jesus submitted to the crucifixion
ot his body on the cross ia order that
he might be the Way shower. He had al
ready raised from the dead, Lazarus,
and the daughter of Jalrus. and the
son ot the widow ot Nain, but ha
wanted to go further and prove for
the benefit of mankind that death is
not a divine necessity and that it is
possible for one to conquer it tor him
self through his own understanding of
the law of Life. He wanted to prove
that man is now immortal and that his
immortality is brought to light not by
the death of the physical body, but by
demonstrating the power of Spirit.
He. therefore, resuscitated his own
body, after it had been in the tomb
until th third day. He brought it
back and exhibited it to hundreds of
people, so that there might not be
any question of dispute about it.
Thereafter he got rid of his body pre
cilesly as Enoch and Elijah had done.
He thus proved the omnipotence ot
Spirit and its availability to meet the
last and Una human need. He prov
ed that God is Ufa, and that man is
now immortal and can never die, and
that even the belief in death, that ex
ists nowhere except in the carnal
mini, canbe destroyed by the truth
which he taught.
Man Is Now the Son of God
Do you think it is arrogating too
much for us to claim that we are now
the children of God? If so. then read
what St. John says In I Johu 3:2. "Be
loved, now are we the sous of God,
and It doth not yet arpear what we
shall be; but we know that, when he
shall arpear, we shall be like him;
for we shall see him as he is."
In making this statement It was as
though John had said. "Jesus has now
taught me the truth about myself. I
now know that we are spiritual and
not material. I cannot tell you what
my spiritual self looks like, for I can
not see the spiritual man through
material eyes, but I know that when
he shall appear we shall be like him."
St. Paul has said substantially the
same thing in Romans S:16, 17, where
we read. "We are the children of God:
and if children, then heirs; heirs ot
God, and jotnt-helrs with Christ.
Every one knows that when an es
tate is left to heirs, jointly, they take
it share and share alike. If we are
joint heirs with Christ, we have in
herited the same spiritual being, the
same Life, the same immortality. It
is throush the understanding and ap
prehension of our real being that we
rise above the fears and material be
liefs of the carnal mind, la this way
Christian Science heals the sick, re
generates the sinner, destroys tear,
and brings peace in place of discord.
Jesus said. "Come unto me all t
that labour and are heavy laden, and
I will give you rest." and Christian
Science is teaching the human race
that the true ay to come unto him is
to live the life that he lived, to mani
fest the Love that he manifested, ana
to demonstrate the Truth that he
taught. In this way it has helped
many people to find rest, and peace.
ana health.
A GREAT ECONOMY BE
CAUSE 0 WEAR
"After a trir to Kilauea. the active
volcano of Hawaii, my Neoluv-solvd
shoes were the only on?s not abso
lutely ruined. Many in ov.r party
wore hob-nailed boots. said Miss Jean
P. Lane cf Seattle. Washington.
The sharp jarred lava of Kilauea
cuts an ordinary sole to pieces quickly.
That Ncolin Soles stood the test hut
emphasizes their toichncss and dur
ability. Those qualities are built into
them by a scientific process. Women
and racn and children, too w ho arc
hard on shoes should buy them with
NcvVin Soles. They come in many
styles, and because of the extra wear
they pve. are a Rreat economy.
And any repairman will re-sole your
worn shoes with Neolin Soles, which
arc flexible and waterproof as well as
ong-weanncr. They are made by The
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., Akron,
Ohio, who also make Wingtoot Heels,
Kuarantccd to outwear atl other heels.
fteolin Soles THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18. 1919.
THREE
REPORTS
IUU0L
GRAZING LEASE
BILL FAVORABLY
Outsiders Give Opinions on
Measure, Facing Cross
fire of Questions
(By Review Leased Hire)
PHOEXIX. Ariz, Feb. 17 Infroma
tion on the proposed grazing lease
amendments came irom two sources in
the house late today and resulted in
a rapid tire of cross-questions with
two outsiders occuying the center ol
the stase.
The first person to come before the
committee of the whole ras Land
Commissioner Moenr; the second was
J. C. Wooley, a landholder in the Salt
River valley, who presented the case
as seen, he said, fcy the homesteader
and small land owner.
The committee of the whole recom
mended that the bill pas.
The bill under discussion proposes
to allow grazing leases for twenty
years, renewals being provided for in
a special preference clause, while it
also would repeal that portion of the
law as it stands at present, allowing
only 640 acres of grazing land to one
person.
. Strongly Criticized
These two main features of the
measure came in for strong criticism
on the part of Wooley. Long leases,
he said, meant the elimination of the
homesteader and small owner, while
in his opinion, releasing under the
special clause was aggravating the
.Iroafcle.
Wooley asserted that while the pres
ent law was aimed at keeping out
dummy grazing lease holders, it had
worked exactly the other way, with
the result that the large cattle owners
were scouring the state for men In
whose names they might add to their
already large range holdings.
When asked by Representative Phil
lips if he had any alternative propos
als to make, Wooley said that he had
drafted none, but that he had come for
t. e scle purpose cf pointing oat what
he considered the unjust features of
.he till as it had been drafted.
Many Questions Asked
When Commissioner Mouer took his
place on the speaker's platform after
the opening of the afternoon session,
he answered a long series of questions
from Phillips, Lines, Mrs. McKay and
others, the summary of his replies
being: He emphatically approved of
the bill as presented to the house.
When Arizona became a state the fed
eral government had set apart 8,057.
CCO acres for school grants, with a
total grant for schools and other state
institutions cf 01.4S3J20. acres. Prac
tically no state lands were taken up
with homesteads, the state law pro
riding for sale cr lease. The charac
ter cf the lands at the disposal of the
state mide them better adapted to
grazing than to any other purpose.
On the subject of the limitation of
6-40 acre j to oae grazing iease, Com
cussljner Mouer said ttat it was un
satisfactory and impossible to operate
with such a limit. The best of the
grazing land, he said, would not take
care of more than from 2d to 25 head
of cattle per section, or as the stock
men put it, "thirty acres to a cow."
Opposed to Sale
Referring to federal restrictions in
answer to the proposal that the state
limit the number of cattle allowed to
graze on one section, Moeur stated
that there could be no satisfactory fed
eral control till congress legislated to
administer the affairs of the public
domain. At present the only federal
regulations are those promulgated by
forestry officials and the forest re
serves contain not more than one-third
cf the fedeial lands in Arizona.
The commissioner was decidedly
opposed to the sale of state lands, pre
ferring a system of long leases.
In answer to a question as to the
growth of his department, Moeur said
that when he took office in July, 1915.
.there was barely an office force and
practically no revenue from land
grants, while the office was handi
capped by lack of legislation giving
it power to act. During the past two
years there had been a million dollars
in revenue from the lands, which had
been turned over to the state treasurer
and was available for loans to the
farmers.
OIL AUDIT IS DELAYED
(P.t Review Lea-1 Wire)
PHOENIX, Ariz, Feb. 17. It was
announced at the office of the state
corporation commission that the audit
of the books of the Arizona Oil & Re
fining company and the Edwards Oil
fc Refining company was taking long
er than expected, but that, so far,
no serious discrepancies had been
found.
3 Deserters
Hold Up Taxi,
Flee Country
Soldiers From Douglas Take
Auto and Money, Then
Cross Border
IMPORTANT LIUKS
Hygiene, rest, pure air, sunshine
End a well-balanced diet, plus
scmrs
to improve the b!ood-quaI?tj
incrS2 Ljdy-weight and buiid
up reliance, are iirpcrtcrA links
in the lorjical treatment of in
cipient pulmonary affections.
To a child or ad alt with a tendency
to weak rungs or tender throat,
Scott's brings a wealth of rich
tome-nourishment
A little of bcott's Emulsion
today may do you a world of
rood tomorrow.
Three soldiers, deserters from .,
the army camp at Ejouglas, held .
up "Red" Lambert, a taxi driver,
six miles north of Hereford last
right and after relieving him of
his overcoat and $14 ordered him
at the point of a revolver to step
out of his car. The soldiers then
took charge and drove off in it
headed toward the border.
The soldiers, whose names, are
withheld by the army authorities,
left camp Sunday night and hired
a taxi, ordering the driver to take
them to Hereford. When a few
miles north of that place one of
the soldiers whipped out a revol
ver and held it at the man's head
while another soldier went
through his pockets. When Lam
bert's valuables had been con
fiscated the soldiers ordered him
to step to one side of the road and
then the thieves drove off.
Lambert reported the matter to
the sheriffs office late last night
and Deputy Sheriff II. B. Gilman
raced to the border only to find
that the soldiers had crossed the
border over a narrow road east of
Nccales.
LAWS WILL BE EN
FORCED, SAYS WILSON
(Continued from Page One)
ed by the American Federation of La-
oor, "of which you are a part."
Aliens Declared Anarchists
Discussing the deportation the sec
retary said:
Those you refer to as radicals are
being sent out of the country because
they have been found advocating the
overthrow of our government by
force. ... they have had every
possible opportunity, both at the
places where they were originally ar
rested sometime ago and at the de
partment in Washington to defend
Jienselves against the charges made
under the immigration law. All were
ireely granted the privilege of employ
ing counsel. Some did so, others de
clined; but all, irrespective of whether
or not they employed counsel, were
treated fairly; as the department
never acts or allows any of it3 offi
cials to act as prosecutor, but simply
as an agency to ascertain the truth.
The rffeht to resort to the courts was
not cenied any of the aliens. Some of
them availed themselves of the oppor
tunity. Most of them preferred to
abide by the department's decision."
WATER CODE BILL
IS
INTRODUCED
Natural Supply Declared Prop
erty of Public, and
Open to All
that graudates of the law school of
the University, of Arizona should not
be required to pass any further ex-
aminations before practicing in this
state and recommended for passage
the bill making that provision.
Barrows introduced bill 125, pro
viding a time limit on actions for debt.
while Galbraith brought In bill 124, to !
create the office or steam boiler in-1
spector and to pro viae licenses for)
engineers.
DE PALMA SMASHES
WORLD'S RECORDS I
t
(Bv Review Leased "Wire) I
DAYTGXA, Fla., Feb. 17.Ralph.de,
Palma, in a specially bui t automo- i
bile equipped with a Liberty motor. !
oday broke three more world's rec-T
ords for straightaway dashes on the
Daytcna Beach speedway.
The time for- todays smashes, as
given out by the American Automobile
association was :15 mile straightaway,
6:4S.7d; 20 miles, 8:54.20 and one
mile, S8.83. The mile -dash was from
a standing start and the others from
a flying start.
(By Review Leased "Wire)
PHOEXIX. Feb. 17. Water was the
subject of a bill entitled the State
Water Code bill. Introduced in the
house today at the instance of the
committee of agriculture and irriga
tion, composed of Coleman, Dobson.
Burk. Lines, Lillywhite, Richards and
Eddy.
The purposes of the measure are to
regulate the appropriation of the wat
ers of the state; protects the rights of
prior appropriations; create the office
of state water commissioner with a
salary of $4,000 and power to control
dams, gates and weirs, measure the
flew of streams and investigate water
sources; divide the state into water
districts, institute public hearings on
the value of water rights, regulate the
location of reservoirs.
IX-e'ailng that all natural water in
the state belongs to the public, the
bill sayg ''beneficial use shall be the
basis and the measure and the limit
to the cse of water in the state. an
owner forfeiting his right to use ap
propriated water when it ha3 lain idle
five yeijs
In settling contests over water, the
commissioner would be instructed by
the law to giv the following consid
eration in the order named: Domestic
and municipal use, irrigation and
stock watering, water power and min
ing. Provision is made for appeal
from the commissioner's rulings.
Penalties Provided
The penalties provided in the bill
are fines of from 510 to $250 or Im
prisonment not exceeding six months.
or. both.
The slander bill, which went down
to defeat in committee of the whole
Saturday, was revived for considera
tion today and passed. The vote Sat
urday v.az 13 to 15 with five excused.
Today's vcte was 23 to 4, with three
excused
The house also passed the senate's
bill providing for emergency appro
priations to meet expenses or epi
epidemics such as the recent influen
za outbreak. The bill was introduced
to provide for the payment of out
standing accounts in some counties
which had no funds with which to
meet these obligations.
By another bill passed today the
Tempe normal school will be permit
tee! to exercise its option on adjoin
ing land, a fund of J1S.000 being ap
propriated.
Another measure which received the
approval of the house was the bill to
permit United States surveys on-Ari-
rcna lands and providing for the as
sessment of damages resulting from
any such surveys.
A bill dealing with special road Im
provement districts also was passed.
Law Bill Recommended'
The committee of the whole decided
MOORE TRIMS RITCHIE
CBy Recw Leased Wire)
MEMPHIS, Tenm, Feb. 17. Pal
Moore of Memphis, who recently de
feated Jimmy Wilde in London, won
an easy decision over Johnny Ritchie
of Chicago here tonight in an eight
round . bout. The men are bantamweights.
i
-11
ASTH M A
There is no "cure"
but relief is often
brought by
AP0RUE&
YOUR BODYGUARD" -30f.60iVH.20
VICE'S
MOCKS OUT PAIN
THE FIRST ROUIID
Comforting relief from pain
makes Sloan's the
World's Liniment
This famous reliever of rheumatic
aches, soreness, stiffness, painful
sprains, neuralgic pains, ana most
other external twinges that humanity
Buffers from, enjoys its great sales
because it practically never fails to
'bring speedy, comforting relief.
Always ready for use, it takes little
to penetrate vnihovt rubbing and produce
results. Clean, refreshing. At all drug
stores. j large potue means economy.
KJjm f
30c, bOc, $1.20.
All
TIS A FEAT TO FIT FEET 11
A FEAT-URE WTTH US. : rfM
pitl SEE OUR New SPRING STYLES
lit ASK FOR OUR G-308 fJl
YpMl Women's Kid Pumps, leather bow, PjG$V
One inch bronze kid covered heel.
VLV Hand turned sole. An ideal party lr$ilj
i slipper, sizes AA ftjJ 00
ipi to d. 2y2 to 7 mm
-m
if . - , r .
SENATOR OWEN WILL
REPORT CONDITIONS
ATI). S. BREST GAMP
Business Locals
Senate Military Committee
wm je iven uetaiis
of Complaints
NOTICE
To the public and to whom it may
concern, that W. K. Caley Is no longer
connected with the. Bisbee Transfer,
Storage Coal company and they do
not hold themselves responsible for
deots incurred by him. Signed this
25th day of January. 1919.
BISBEE TRANSFER, STORAGE &
COAX. CO. 2 9
AUCTION
Best way to sell your furniture or
merchandise is by auction sale. J. A.
Finney, sr., auctioneer. Phone 257.
Box 1737 &
riOCK HILL'S STAGE
Biabee-Tombstone. Leaves Bis bee,
Biflbee Auto company, 7:43 a. 1:30
p. m. Phase Bisbe S. ( AdT.
Painter and Paper Hanging, Signs.
C J. BRANDT
Box 150. 27 Broadway. Phone 42 g.
L. L- GUxaan cells the ISew Edison.
-The Phonograph With a 8ouL"
Dr. Playfsxr. Osteopath, IS Uason
Hill, Uason ear stop. Phone Blue 647.
KEMPTON EXPLAINS
NO LOAFING ORDERS
Private dancing lessons at all hours.
Mrs. Sales' Academy, O. K. streeL
Phone
NOTICE
Electrical wiring promptly done by
P. C Lyman. Phone orders to 4S9,
Bisbee.
NOTICE TO PUBLIC
The undersigned has bought the
dray and transfer business of George
ESting and will conduct a dray and
transfer business on his own account,
having severed his connection with
the Bisbee Transfer, Storage & Coal
company.
Dated at Bisbee, Arix, January 27.
1919.
Adv. WM. K. CALEY.
ELKS' DANCE
The entertainment committee of
Bisbee lodge 671, B. P. O. E, announce
a dance at the club rooms Saturday
evening, February 22. Elks wishing
to invite a friend are requested to
leave their name and address with the
secretary. .. -21
GIVING BONUS STOCK
The Warren Sulphur & Oil company
are giving two shares bonus with each
share purchased at 20 cents. We have
$10,000 invested in land and machin
ery, recent prospecting developed oil
ana suipnur on the property. See F.
Bnggs & Co., LowelL Phone 701.
(By Rvi-w Leased Wr)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17. Senator
Robert L. Owen of Oklahoma, will be
Invited to tell the senate military
committee of conditions at tbe Ameri
can embarkation camp at Brest, which
he sharply criticized. In a statement to
day after his snivel In Xew York
from France.
Secretary Baker also exoects Sena
tor Owen to call at tne war depart
ment soon to Inform officials there of
what he saw at this much-discussed
center of the American army's home
ward movement.
Secretary Baker said today he was
delighted that Senator Owen had
been at the camp, and after reading
what the senator had to say, declared
the war department was combing
every source for additional shipping to
bring the troops home.
The secretary added that returning
officers and others who had passed
through Brest recently had told him
food conditions were very good and
that outside of the weather and the
mud they saw little to complain of
He said he could well Imagine the'
feeling of the mtn waiting In thatj
camp for returning ships, however, i
and fully sympathized with all the dis
content and unhapplness that this
waiting under unpleasant conditions
entailed.
City Marshal J. Kempton. In a state
ment made yesterday, said: ,-I have
no intention whatever of running the
unemployed men out of Bisbee. It is
only the habitual loafer who preys
upon the citizens of Bisbee who ill
be rounded up and ordered to leave
town."
Marshal Kempton was busy all day
yesterday explaining as many men
took his order to mean tbat every
person who was out of work would
have to leave Bisbee. There are many
floaters In town who come here for
the winter, never Intending to work
and rely only upon the charity of the
working classes for food, he said, and
this kind of person will either be made
to find work or leave.
GET AFTER THAT
COLD RIGHT NOW
Got rifiht after it with
bottle of Dr. King's
New Discover
a
H0R8E SHOE DAM PLANNED
PHOEXIX. Aril., Feb. 17. A con
ference is going on with Secretary of
the Interior Franklin K. Lane to ob
tain permission to construct the
Horseshoe dam on the Verde river, ac
cording to announcement today at the
office of the Salt River Valley Water
Users association.
She never let cough er cold or cie
f grippe Co until it grew dangerous.
She jut nipped it whea she began to
sniffle of rough . before it developed
Seriously.
Men, woraenand children el every
age haTe uted this preparation tor
liny years as s prompt reliever. All
age are using it today. because et it
positive results.
Generous sue bottlet 60c and $1.20.
. Constipation Corrected
Dr. King's New Life Pills tonight
mean cleat bowels, s clear head, clesr
thinking, s dv wrll begus ia the
morning, good digestioa, clearing skis.
Mild in action but sure and comfortable.
At drug stores everywhere. , 25c,f
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Fiery Eczema and Skin Eruptions
Readily Yield to This Old Remedy
Successfully ttsed for 50 years.
Eczema and similar skin troubles
come frcn disordered, impure
condition oi the blood, and they can
only fee cured by giving- the blood a
thorough, clean ing-, and re moving
irom it all traces oi imparity.
ThIs ia -why S. S. S. has been used
fco successfully in hundreds of cases
of Eczema and other skin eruptions.
This wonderful remedy, is without
an tquil as a blood purifier, being
probably the oldest blood medicine
on the market It has been sold by
druggists for fifty years. Get a bot
tle today and begin treatment that
will get results.
Yon are invited ta WTlte to-day
for complete and full advice as to
the treatment of your own case.
Address, Chief Medical Adviser,
Swift Specic"Cb, DepL H. Atlanta,
Georgia.
DRAFT RETURNS MAILED
Bv Review Leased TVire
PHOENIX. Ariz, Feb. 1. Adjutant
General Harris tonight mailed to Pro
vost Marshal General Crowder the
first complete returns from Arizona to
the selective draft, those from Pinal
county. Pinal, says Colonel Harris,
has been ahead In the last three, re
turns and has completed the record
by being the first county in the most
efficient state to wind up Its records.
HAVE COLOR IN MS
i
Be Better LooMriff Take
Olive Tablets
If yoar skin is yellow complexion paHId
tongue coated appetite poor you have
a bad taste in your mouth a larv, no-good
leeling you should take Olive Tablets.
Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets a substitute
forcalomel were prepared by Dr.Ed wards
after 17 years of study with bis patients.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets are a purely
vegetable compound mixed with olive oiL
You will know them by their olive color.
To have a dear, pink skin, bright eyes,
no pimples, a feeling of buoyancy like
childhood days you must get at the cause.
Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets act on the
22i ! ver and bowels like calomel yet have
aw uuiKauus tuier caeca
They start the bile and overcome consti-
Cha fAir ' That-swhynnonsof boxes are
U..J ;i M. . wu amuiiuiy at iw; ana per dox. All
and 51-2o per hour. Five mechanics dmroist Tv - twTnin.
2-23 ( note the pleasing results.
i
at your service.
PAY CASH-PAY LESS
Now is the Time to
Economize!
We are Saving Money for Others
, -WHY NOT YOU?
J. B.ANGIU
PURE FOOD GROCER
WHERE YOU CAN DO BETTER
Phone 29
S. Food Administration License No. G-16109
9 U
o
"SAVE AfflZONA FEOM H
UiWATON''
CUM
TO SAVE ARIZONA FROM FAILING TO MEET ITS OBLIGATIONS
SHALL WE REPORT
THAT ARIZONA HAS FALL EN DOWN FOR THE FIRST TIME
SINCE THE WAR STARTED
TO PREVENT THE STAIN ON ARIZONA'S FAIRNAME
J O I
N
Even though you have subscribed to the fund for Relief in the
Near East, join and send in an additional subscription.
HONORARY MEMBERSHIP
41
I
A $50 Liberty Bond.
REGULAR MEMBERSHIP
A War Saving Stamp.
ASSOCIATE MEMBERSHIP
4 Thrift Stamps.
ARIZONA HEADQUARTERS, CUT OUT AND SEND
BOX 856, PHOENIX, ARIZ.
I CANNOT SEE THE NAME OF THE STATE OF AR1ZONA
LISTED AS ONE WHO FAILS.
ENCLOSED. PLEASE FIND :....FOR MEM
BERSHIP IN THE "SAVE ARIZONA FROM HUMILIATION"
CLUB.
SIGNED.
tcottABowae.BKwmteld.Ii.J. IMS FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1919.
Published Every Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated Publishing
Company
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
f er month. .
Three months ,
Six months ,
Twelve months ,
Sunday (our -weekly) per year
Sunday (our weekly) per Quarter
.$ .75
. 2.25
. 4.00
. 7.60
. 2.60
- .75
'Only a Woman, but-
Arizona's legislature is not without its "bone heads," in the judg
ment of at least one woman. Thirty years of residency in the state
has convinced her that some of the members are record holders for
this honor.. Extravagance of the present legislature and their waste of
time in trivial discussion is "her grievance.
"I am only a woman." she says in her letter to the Review, but
I have been reading with interest the work of our present state legis
lature." The words assume a tone of . apology, in the first reading. It is
as if she were preparing the way to what she has to say by bowing
her head to political prestige of man.
"I am only a woman, but" woman votes now and woman must
"read with interest the work of our present legislature."
"I cannot see why men with the power and trust placed in
them by the vote of the people should waste so much time and
money " says this woman.
She calls attention to discussion of trivial appropriations to make
her point. And. to show how closely and interestedly she has been fol
lowing the work of the legislature, we quote this paragraph from her
letter:
"I consider the $10,000 appropriation for the entertainment of
returning soldiers in New York city to be absolutely foolish.
Wouldn't that money be much better and wiser spent in their
home state trying to place the boys in some kind of work and
helping them to get employment after they get home? And, I
think it would surely be appreciated a great deal more by the
boys."
Other similar proposed appropriations, which, the writer terms
"ridiculous," are mentioned, and the meat of the letter is summed up
in the closing words.
"1 think Arizona should pass a law whereby we could se
lect fewer good, substantial men, with a little more pay, which.
I think, might help to get the right class of men and solve the
problem, Of all the representatives Arizona has ever had, I think
the present ones are the biggest bunch of "bone heads." This is
the opinion of a woman who has lived in Arizona thirty years."
Only a woman, but
When the women of Arizona, take this interest in the legislature,
the time has come when better legislators will be named in the future.
When the women of Arizona begin urging economy, extravagance
will be doomed.
When the women of Arizona look to the future of the state, seek to
keep down oppressive taxes, oppose trivial legislation, demand less
waste of time, such measures as the proposed thirty million dollar bond
issue for roads will never be suggested.
When the women of Arizona discover the "bone heads" they will
weed them out thoroughly. v
"1 am only a woman," says the letter today. Tomorrow it will say:
"1 am a woman."
Man's political prestige will come to aught when woman asserts
herself. Meantime, woman's interest presages better days for Arizona.
Build the Borderland
Ten, eight or six years ago the statement that the tourist season is
opening, would have meant crowded Pullman cars and passenger
coaches.
Today it means heavy traffic over trans-state and trans-continental
highways,- and with the opening of each tourist season, good roads
become more and more an important community problem.
Automobile tourists en route west come into southern Arizona over
cne route the Borderland. Tour guides issued in every part of the
United States show only this log. In El Paso and other points to the
east, tourists are directed over this route.
From the west, tourists receive the same directions. Tucson, Phoe
nix and Yuma, which are links of the route, log the road through Co
chise county by way of Tombstone, BLsbee, Douglas and then Rodeo,
New Mexico.
The Borderland road is an established fact not only in Cochise
county, but in Arizona and every other state It Is the southern route,
recognized and recommended everywhere.
Now. when highway improvement Is in process, first work on
county mainline arteries should be done on this route. A large part of
the Borderland is already completed. Bisbee and Tombstone are beauti
fully linked. Bisbee and Douglas will soon be joined by a concrete
strip. West of Tombstone to Fairbank, the state is building new road.
East of Douglas and west of Tombstone to the county lines work to be
done is light and not too expensive.
Other county arteries to the east and west are in their infancy
today. They are proposed projects. The Borderland is practically built.
And, most important of all, the Borderland connects the centers of popu
lation of Cochise county.
When a highway joins centers of population it is of most benefit.
To tourists it opens np a greater vista of development, gives a better
impression of territory traversed. To communities it affords closer
relationships and bigger, better business opportunities.
These are the reasons for the Borderland. Work on this link should
be resumed wherever necessary. And. the board of supervisors and the
state highway department should make it business of first importance
to see that this route is built modernly and well within the next few
months.
A Thing of Wonder for Ever '
Personality counts a lot. It explains, in part at least, why Sammy
has made himself so popular wherever his great adventure has sent him.
A nurse in one of the big British hospitals recently contributed to "The
London Daily Mail the following tribute:
"Sammy is in my ward, and I like him. His face he describes as
'one of the sort that only a mother could love, but, somehow, lantern
jawed and high-cheeked as it is, it appeals to me.
"Even more than his face. I like his conversation. His experiences
during the war are, I suppose, much the same as those of ether men;
his mode of relating them is peculiarly his own. The picturesque Im
agery with which he adorns his speech may be an old story in "God's
country to me it is a thing of wonder and a joy forever, r
"He came over the big drink some months ago. He had a pleasant
voyage, saw no tin fish' and had plenty to eat 'six meals a day, three,
up and three down.' On arrival at the port they got into the dinkiest
little train ever. Before it started the captain asked for a key to
wind it up with. Sammy says that personally he intends to take one
home as a charm to hang on his watch chain.
"They went into camp, where they spent the time 'hiking' about the
countryside. The 'eats' here were not overgood. They were given
tea "which tasted like the last water Noah kept afloat in and fish that
was never caught, but must have given itself up.' However, they made
their motto. 'Work like Helen B. Happy. and stuck it out bravely. The
one thing that really 'got their goat was having to sleep on terra firma.
That. Sammy says, is Latin for terribly hard.
"Ultimately he and his companions crossed to the front. The coun
try pleased Sammy, but he found the language difficult and the French
pvople slow to comprehension. On one occasion he wanted a pair of dark
hoes. so he went into a bootmaker's and quacked but he couldn't get
the old dame wie' to it.
"For the fight that put him out of action Sammy says his lieuten
ant was responsible. "He was sure tired of his position and crazy on
Ltconiing a captain or an angeL' Sammy was ready enough to help,
but a Borne shell intervened and insisted on sending in his name with
an application tor immediate transfer to the Flying Corps.
"Hcnre his presence in hospital.
"It is my duty to give Sammy his letters, and today, as he read a
voluminous cptetlo. his face brightened to -uch an extent that I was
forced to inquire what pood tidings had arrived. He hesitated, then
grinned. "1 don't mind te'line you. nurse.' he said. 'It's my wife writing,
and frtn "hat bho ,wv I calculate when I ;et home there'll be boinc
thin besides a fence ruuuiu- around my liwl-j plr in Sea'tle.'"
MERCHANTS TO HIRE ; SEATTLE SHIPYARDS
VATCHMAH 111 EFFORT ! TO REOPEN TOMORROW
TO STOP BURGLARIES! DESPITE BIG STRIKE
i
i
I .
Numerous Robberies and Few Employers Say Men Will
Arrests, Bring Action of j Come Back; Latter Deny
Business Men Walkout Is Over
MINING ENGINEERS,
OPEN 119TH ANNUAL
GATHERING IN EAST
Among the business discussed at the !
monthly meeting of the Warren Busi- i
ness Mens' association held at the
Muheim building last night w as the !
(By Review Leased Wirt)
SEATTLE,Wn., Feb. 17 Announce-
More Than 500 Leaders
Industry Attend First
Session
of!
GIVE THAT OTHERS MAY LIVE
of
NEW YORK. Feb. IT. The problem
rehabilitating America's disabled
ment by shipyard owners that the Se- soldiers, great as it is, is comparative-
matter o :Vrovidin the citv with at,,e Ste4?1 Shipbuilding yards would ,. smB" ".t it serves only to em
uidiier oi proviuing tne city with a. phasrze the number of industrial vic-
urn.;, uer tims who arh vm- :
competent merchant watchman in or- j reopen Wednesday
uer in-i an eiiorc mignt be made to having been closed since Januarv 21
LUm. ! .e"esl m'ny "or last by the strike of 25.000 members
WTE. it waTai at tte ? ' Trads council, todav de-! th teieral board for vocational edu-
ss r.evirre ?7ee,oprd a siiaation detIared unique
apntiy SSTn.bto'xo'SS j "t""" ,f oed labor. the American ,Ite of Mia.ug En-
with the situation. Owing to the fcK The emPloers sa the willjgmeers.
that three applications have been re-. come back on the same status as the j More than 500 leadens of the min
ceived by the association the busi- j day the workers laid down their tools, j in industry attended the opening ses
ness of appointing a watchman wasi Th ,.r mm; -r S10n of lhe rneetillS- wn:ca will con-;
postponed until the next meeting to j , rfint -irh ,h noii ! n.nue Wednesday. Development of the
.i .w . -, . I .. ' lunian relationship between the na-
clareu the strikers w ill "stand pat. n llrtft ftn j .k
oi.! . (Hons 1.000.000 miners and the mine!
Shipvards under their acreenients .- ... ' .
-,.-.. .v.- . .m, " i operators was i:;e principal subject to
with tne government must still emplov !b jscue ;
in, ii . i in i annul up-iait:
"open shops. i -
Various international union offi
cials previously had "ordered" their
members back to work, but practically
all remained loyal to the metal trades
council.
tuns who each year are needlessly
thrown on t'.ie '"scrapheap of society,"
James P. Mnroe. vice chairman of
Save 10' c- of your earnings. This amount
you'll never miss.
Suppose your salary is $ 1 5 per week. Surely
you can save 10' ,' of it or $1.50. This would
make $78 per year.
Bank with us.
We add 4V interest.
be held March 17. It is believed bv
many that the appointment of an addi
tional watchman is the only way of
preventing further burglaries, which
have been numerous of late. Few ar
rests have been made.
A committee of three consisting- of
S. Rountree, Sam Frankenberir and
J. Williams was appointed at last
night's meeting to wait on the city
council tonight for the purpose bf urg
ing them to action with regard to the
difficult preliminaries now necessary
Mr. Munrce said there are already
50.000 disabled soldiers in the United
States and that 55.000 more will be
returned during the next two months,
but that berauss of the government's
plan for retrai-.hi:; and placing these
men. there no longer will be a "crip
ple" in the old meaning of the word.
Many of the men. he declared, after
i training will be of more value to so-
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Co- Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
GIVE THAT OTHERS MAY LIVE
tention of the association that now so Under present laws, it takes several
man? mpn pcnii't a IT v,n n-.i t 1 - . i. . .
- '"u"":u "-;weeKs oi correspondence before a : -1,rl-" "" oeiore ioe were mjureu.
a sailors, are seeking employ-1 passport is finallv sranted. It was! He expressed the hope that a bi:
,T"m7 7 i5. necessary --ture ; said by several members that many now before congress, providing for the t
t order to give em- i Bisbee men were seeking passports to extension of the vocational education I
pioyment to the city's unemnlovri 1 ond ,-, . i.,.. .uj. . , . hnir.r r,t- .,n . ... i
.1. e duUes of thls eommit- jn the reconstruction period. Manv industry would be passed.
rjf T S man Pr,sent of these men have secured well paying , Adaptation of the army's new svs-
nrPwnf iiT. ZT i 0,2 Positions in Mexico but on account of : tern vf psychological tests for determ-
iT, Vio 5?nIn!et I?8 toniSht-' the stringent laws they cannot leave ining etticiency in the empiovmem of
to drift YltJtL metting this ""try in less than a month, men in minin? and other industries
thistatt to U?JSmeU. fr0m. ! ,ners asain are to 8 to Eng- j was urjred by Thomas T. Reedv chair
inis state to endeavor them to st ih . -. ,. , - ..... .
- " - - r w i v v - v i ni.'iiv vi v o tvuiuiiun:
Copper Queen Hotel and mgh-aass cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
GIvE THAT OTHERS MAY LIVE
congress to eliminate the somewhat j South America
: industrial organisation.
on
f
TRY THE REVIEW WANT ADS FOR QUICK RESULTS
I
Buckwheat cakes-with sausage! Um-ml
Make this wonderful old-time breakfast
the easy Aunt Jemima way!
Buckwheat cakes with sausage 1
Oh, how that combination docs tempt
the appetite on a wintry February
morning 1
Perhaps you've been forgetting
how "powerful good" buckwheat
cakes really arel Give yourself a
treat tomorrow see what pleasant
memories the first taste brings back!
Memories cf all sorts of healthy out
door things hickory smoke curling
upward in Ihin blue wisps skating
on the old pond, coasting down the
big hill into drifts of snow
It's the simplest thing in the world
to make buckwheat cakes if 3ou
make them the easy Aunt Jemima
way 1
AU you need is a package of Aunt
Jemima Buckwheat Flour you add
nothing but water. Everything
necessary to make the best buck
wheat cakes you've ever tasted is
already mixed in the flour.
Order a package of Aunt Jemima
Buckwheat (in the yellow package)
from your grocer and give jrour hus
band this wonderful old-time break
fast tomorrow! Aunt Jemima Mills
Company, St. Joseph, Missouri.
s
uw.u.3. r-t. or
"Isc in tozvn, Honey!"
A perfect blend of buckwheat, corn an, whett
Floor THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1919.
FIVE
J
1
i
K
i
1
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 8 p. n. for insection in next morning's paper
i Want Ads will not be accepted
for publication after 7 p. m. for
insc.lico following day.
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Wash woman for Monday j
and Tuesday. Mrs. SUger, Hayes i
house, Tombstone canyon. 2-12 j
Positions Wanted
WANTED Experienced
law fteno-i
grapher desires position.
Box 2u0
2m j
WANTED Work by girl at general
housework. Call at Hotel Lamore.
2-19 j
i..iTED Position by competent!
.. ...iL-Ln, housekeeper or general
Lojsework. Box 2511. 3-21 1
For Sale
FAR SALE Furniture complete fori
three rooms, house for rent. Large '
screen porch. Cochise Row, sixth J
house up from street car bridge left i
hand side. J. O. Howker.
2-1S :
FOR SALE Four room house. 5S Up-!
per Lowell.
; - - 1
FOR SAa-E Furniture for five room
house in Warren, privilege of rent-
icg. CaU Blue 6S2. 2-19
FOR SALE Three room unfurnished
house. 55 Laundry hilL 2-22
FOR SALE Relinquishment of 160
acres in the Salt river valley. This
is all level land, fine for fruit and
tctton. - See me if you want a bar
gain. W. A. Wadsworth. Tombstone
t-pnyoa, back of Anderson store.
No. 33. 2 -20
FOR SALE 50t or less Canyon Air
brake, 50 cents share. Box 1S37. 2 IS
FOR SALE Soda fountain, used one
season." Apply Warren Drag com
pany, tf
FOR SALE Four room furnished
house, Strong Row, Bakerrille.
Terms. Address 3774, Lowell. 2-1S
FOR SALE Sixteen room
house. Hogan & Seed.
rooming
2-22
fOR SALE Ford, perfect A-l condl-j
aepted. Brooks Garage, O. K.
street. 150
i
Oregon j
OR SALE Two lots on
street, one on Chicago avenue. Lo-j
eIL Johnson addition, each 30x60 j
feet. Address M. J. Greenan, Onk-
and. Calif, General delivery. S75
X)R SALE Uncalled for suits.
Levin. Lowell. Ariz.
597 !
THE BEST BARGAIN WE OFFER
TODAY Four room house
pantry, ;
KotK c.voAn nnrph varscn !
i
four lots cultivated, fruit and shade
tre. rash or navments. Warren.
L W. Wallace. 2-Stf
FOR SALE White and Brown Leg
horn chicks, $13 per 100. From bred
to lay stock. My terms are $2 per
100 with order, balance one. week
before they are ready. R. F. D.
No. 3, Phoenix, Ariz. Forester's
Hatchery. 3-13
FOR SALE Four rooms and bath, in'
Warren. Large lot. Might consider '
selling part of furniture with house, j
91750, part cash, balance less than
$15 per month. Will accept Liberty
bonds at face value. Will pay over ,
20 per cent on investment. See Gus j
Haigler. 2-13-tf j
FOR SALE Pump and tank. Mrs.
Lewis, around Castle Rock. 2-20
FOR SALE Furniture for four rooms,
privilege of renting house. Arrange
to rent two rooms, one rented at
present. A bargain. Call any time
today at 137 School hill. Detloff
property. 2-16
FOR SALE Two milk cows, one Jer-
.j-i o ;
Row.
23 .
FOR SALE Incubator, 'Old Trusty."
210 egg. practically new, $15. In
quire No. 33 Idaho. Johnson addi
tion, or P. O. Box 1S30. Bisbee, Ariz.
2-19
FOR SALE Edison machine with rec
ords; also attachment to play Victor
records. Worth ?40, sell for $00.
Henry Rowe. 52 Laundry hill. 2-21
FOR SALE OR TRADE In Good con
dition. Maxwell roadster for Ford
truck. 35 Ji? gerviile. 2-2S
Agents
WANTED Representative to handle
line of irasolin lamns lanforn. anrl
lighting systems, selling to mer
chants, cont
tractors, ranchers coun-
churches, etc. To one
try stores
who can carry own stack sufficient
to do business we have an unusual
opportunity for you to. establish
yourself in z permanent 'and profit
able business. In replying mention
experience. Standard Light com
pany of Cf luornia, San Diefo. Calif.
2 16
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per-
sonal ncte to salaried men and wo-.
men, also on furniture. Cox Loan!
luiupduj, lojoia i, par&s ivune t
ouuains. 166
Miscellaneous
GENERAL AUCTIONEER It-shoe.
Warren district and Coehiae county.
-uu t.l your lunnture in your
house or your inert hudise in your
place of business to ywiir advantase.
3-i years expcrkiice. " H ferencc.
Back )f Bi.-lx'o. Phoie 1'57 P O
liox 1737. Olfire and residence our FOR KENT Two or three rooms fur
Lntlo Jims. Brewery Gulch J. A.. uh-I for house kctpiug. Inquire
riniicj. sr. Auuiwietr. 103 outh Fi-ce ttorc. 217
For Rent
' FOR RENT Three furnished house-!
keeping
ren.
rooms.
John Ceron, War-2-23
! FOR RENT Three room furnished
apartment, gas range, coal or wood
range, linoleum, kitchen, long porch,
Near Naco road. Phone 8T3. 2-17
! FOR RENT Three room furnished
I house. 207 High road. 2-20
!tult ivc-n i iwo room nouse, ciose
in, io. i-jgnis ana water paia. i-
in.
O. K. street.
Call Black 571.
:-2i
! FOR RENT Two large furnishec
room 3, housekeeping or batching.
Custom House. Phone Red 771. 2-11
FOR RENT Two room furnished
apartment. No. S Johnson avenue
Johnson addition. 2-20
;FOR RENT At 14 Brooks apart
I ments, front room furnished for twi
men. 2-19
FOR RENT Three or four room fur
nished apartment or house near con
tent preferred. See H. W. Fleming
Johnson hotel, or phone 2S6. 2-li
2-1S:fOR RENT Three furnished rooms
. Call at-the Mounier apartments nex.
door to Dr Bledsoe. 2-lfe
FOR RENT Two rooms. No. 9 Jigeer
ville, near Gardener shaft.
2-lh
FOR RENT Four room unfurnishec
house in Warren. Inquire Gus Haig
ler. Main street. 2-U
FOR RENT Four room house partL
furnished, close in. Call 247. 2-lfc
FOR RENT Two rooms. No. 9 Jigger
ville, near Gardner shaft. 2-li
FOR RENT Furnished room witl
bath. Apply P. W. Dixon, neai
Greeaway school, Warren. 2-2.
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished fi.
housekeeping. N'o children. 2i
Montana street, Johnson addition.
2-23
FOR RENT Furnished rooms, re .is
onable, close in. Oregon rooms. It
O. K. street- 2-23
FOR RENT Three or seven room fur
nished house, close in. Phone Blue
5SS.
I J
FOR RENT Three furnished roonu
tor housekeeping, no children.
$17.50, lights and water paid. Muir
house. Locklin car stop. Tombstone
Canyon. Phone 61. 2-1S
FOR RENT Three room house fur-
iuxea. i.o .-aco road. Hoi brook
stop.
-IS
FOR RENT Four room furnishec
house. Mrs. Haniey. 170 Oren
Drive.
2-1S
V M1pdfI? four room com
P"dy furnished house and garage
toniDstcne canyon.
Dr. Teufert.
No
children
2-lfc
FOR RENT Four room unfurnished
house with sleeping porch and ont
two-room furnished house. J. H
Warne, Cochise. 2-1S
FOR RENT Six rooms and batl
partly furnished, f 25 month. No. Si
Jiegerville, For further informatioi
apply at 16 Tank hill. Also two nice
rooms for light housekeeping, J1S
a. month. 2-22
FOR. RENT Three furnished light
housekeeping rooms with kitchen
ette. sleeping porch, gas range. 8:
upper Lowell. See Nora Cunning
ham, Hilman's cigar stand. Brewer
avenue. 2-1S
FOR RENT Four room house fur
two families, 25. Apply 67 uppe.
Lowell. 2-1 S
FOU RENT Room in private family,
private entrance. 69 Roberts ave
nue. o-
FOR RENT Two light houoekeenin
rooms, no cnudrpn i vt tr. n;K
son Hines lumber yard
FOR
RENT HousekeeDinsr rooms
lights furnished. 1S7 Naco road, Hoi
brook stop. ; , , o-ii
FOR RENT Two nicely furnishec
housekeeping rooms. 12 Jiggerville
2-1S
FOR RENT Four room house fut
nished, two-room apartment fur
nished, close in. 1S9 Temby avenue
one block north of high school.
2-15-tf
FOR RENT One furnished room, op
posite Loretto bchool. Phone 700.
! 2-19
pn . . , :
-rU1uibueQ room in war
rtn. Jones, Wootton Hardware, 2-1S
FOR P.ENT-Rooms. Prices very rea
sonable. OarV- r,ir ri
Brewery avenue. 2-li
FOR RENT
ed house,
addition.
-New three room furnish
Mrs. Winwood. Winwooc
215
FOR RENT Room suitable for lady
or gentleman. Call Blue 723. 2-19
FOR RENT Good furui.-htd room
i a!?o housekeeping rooms at Moose
FOR RENT Two furnished room:
and bath, cement house. 41 John-
8on aaaition. 2 12 tf
FOR RENT Bakerville grocery, foi
store or butcher shop. Three bouse
keeping rooms and garage. In
quire phone T'. 2-1?
FOR KENT Four rno
house. In-2-11
tf
FOK KENT Housekeeping
Broadway rooming house.
rooms.
2 16
For Rent
FOR REXT Furnished rooms Broad-
way rooming house.
3-11
FOR RENT S000 square fet flooi
space. Suitable for warehouse, cen
trally located in business district.
Address W. H Review. 2-dh
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms, back of Metz Soda
Works, 209 Bailey hill, tn level. 2-16
FOR RENT Well furnished batching
room, gas and electric lights. 49
O. K. street. 2-13-tf
JiVanted
.V ANTED furnished, four rooms
and bath. Warren; also two rooms
with private or use of bath and
meals in refined private family by
. manager mine in Mexico who de
sires pleasant environments for wife
while away at mine. Address. I."
care Review. 2-20
.V ANTED Plain sewing. Mrs. Martha
Hardin. 10 Quality hiiL 2-23
.V ANTED To trade, two good milk
- cows fresh in April, for team of
good mules and harness. Y. care
Review. 2-19
VANTED A man who has not used
his homestead right to take up land
nnr th niaH i,,...
Phnn rri " io
1 Z
ANTED To trade for automobile
furniture for four rooms, including
rugs; also $450 piano, privilege of
renting house. First house in Co
chise, rear of lumber yard. 2-19
Miscellaneous
HE STANDARD LAUNDRY Under ' American Smelters
new management. Your clothes ! American Sugar ..
washed white, not white washed, j Baltimore and Ohio
W. A. Wade, proprietor. Phone 57. j Baldwin
2 23j i e;h B
' !C. & O
VANTED To rent, three room fur-" p r." t
nished house. Must
nave electric
lights and be within walking dis
is-
tance of Junction mine, between
now and 23d. Address. J. Harry
Sealey cigar store, Lowell. 2-19
JRING YOUR LAUNDRY To Mrs.
Burke. N'o. 30 Red House by Chris
tian church. 2-19
WANTED Plain sewinj or
out. 115 Quarry.
ii-ATraD... .r
. . "s lu su
in automobile
to Texas. 71 upper
Lowell.
SOMETHING NEW Ford magnetos !
re-cnarged for So. without removing.
Makes the car easy to start. Slag
Pump garage. . 2-16
STANDARD LAUNDRY Under new J
management. Rough dry and wool-
ens our specialty,
proprietor.
W. A.
Wade.
2-18
EXPEDITION OUTFITTING
Siberia to work proven
. ground, need for more men.
FOR
placer
share pro rata in earnings.
About
$600 will equip and transport each !
man from San Francisco.
strong men who can withstand hard
ships accepted. Northern Mining &
trading company. 401 Phelan Bldg.,
San Francisco, Calif. " 2-19
OSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
From 5- up. All corsets carefully
nttea. mes warburton, next Ari
zona grocery store, upper Main. 3-7
VRITE TO -Y. M. C. A. School. Los
Angeles." about Auto, Radio. Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train for service. 26S
CECOND HAND CLOTHES Bought
Phone 739. City Dye Works. 604
rvm rc nr n T.r.irt?o ,v-
i.,;, r- t vJV . "c!
Large bundles, price
i-.
-C
-- - gw wwuu.d. .jvvj '
Legal Notices.
. NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
02601S
Department of the Interior
T. S. Land Office at Phoenix. Ariz..
February- S. 1919. !
Notice is hereby given that John
orning, of Hereford. Arizona, who, on
November 7. 1914. made Homestead
Jitry. No. 02B01S. for NW 4. Sec. 25.
'E ',. Sec. 26. Township 23 S. Range,
M E. G. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has
:ied notice cf intention to make three j
ear proof, to establish claim to the j
;and above described, before Jared D.
Taylor. V. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee, ;
vrizona. on the ISth day of March,'
1319. j
Claimant names as witnesses:
Pearn F. Prather, of Bisbee. Ari
na. Milton Clark.
Joseph Hammer, both of Garces.
Vrizoaa. 1
Edward Wiicox, of .Warren, Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN. Registrar.
N THE SUPERIOR COURT IN THE
COUNTY OF COCHISE, STATE OF
ARIZONA2717. j
Maria Beltram. de Dunn, plaintiff.'
s. William John Duna. defendant.
Action brought in the Superior
:ourt of the State of Arizona, in and ,
or the County of Cochise and the !
omp'.aint filed in the said County of '
"ochise. in the office of the Clerk of j
aid Superior Court. j
rho State of Arizona Sends Gcer-ting: j
William John Dunn you are hereby j
equircd to appear in an action
.irought against you by the above!
tamed rlaintiff in the Superior Court !
f the State of Arizona, in and for the ;
'ouuty of Cochise, -and to answer the1
juiplaint filed therein within 2' days
"kelusive of the day of sorvu-e) aft-'
r tho t-ervH m jou of this fiini-;
"ions it served within the comity, oth-;
rwi..e. within ;; dayst or judiiiu nt '
by default will ho taken against you I
according to tbe prayer of s-;iid com-'
I'ldiut. j
C.ixcn under my hand and the seal j
tr
Mining and Financial News
li
S REVIEW
I!
-LV YORK. Feb. 17. Revival of
public interest, albeit in moderate de
e res,, was a factor of considerable im
portance in today's strong and broad
atcek market.
Better trade and industrial condi
tions as shown in the various reviews
and surveys over the week-end, im
parted a feeling of confidence.
1 rating was agai.i completes v ever
shadowed by the heavy turnover in
oils, motors, equipments and tobac
cos. General Motors featured the auto
mobile division.
Pools were active in United Fruit.
Tobacco Products, Central leather,
American Can and Baldwin Locomo
tives, the popular independent steels,
and United States Steel, the latter ris
ing to S3, its maximum since the re
duction of the common "extra" divi
dend. American Smelting and Na
tional Lead ran counter to the general
run of metal shares, which were irreg
ular. Rails were slow to move, but
rose sharply on a demand for Pacifies.
Coalers and several eastern trunk
roads. Sales were 800.000 shares.
The bend market was irregular and
dull. Liberty and foreign issues hold
ing steady Total ales, par value,
aggregated $9,775.00. Old United
states bonds were unchanged on call.
METAL MARKET
Tm,. . , ,.-
T j T VT .
SI ot and February offered at 5.00.
shelter quiet: spot East St. Louis de-
i e ery and February offered at 6.35
' -4o.
NEW YORK
(l J. Overlock. Broker.)
Cosing Quotations February 17,
American Car
American Locomotive
American Can
1910.
90
63
44 s
668
116U.
464
74
62s
36
160 s-4
56
604
56 U
16V
60
r.onarfian vift
! o :li -
Crucible
Central Leather ...
Distillers
Erie
Goodrich
General Motors
13S34
Ind Alcohol 105
-Marine
24
will go Marine pfd 101U
2-19!MidvaIe i'2
! Mexican Petroleum 177U
New Yofk Central
73
Re-ding
SOU
77H
74 i
53 U
92H
S4s.i
S6
193'i
129-s
Kubbef.
Republic Steel
Studebaker
?teel
.'St. Paul ..
Southern Pacific
Sinclair Oil
.....
Texas Oil
Union Pacific
Un. Motors 40
Westinghouse
42i
MINING
Anaconda .!!!.'."."!!
- ct.ino
59
-!chiie r
Inspiration
44
30
16
35W
Kennecott
Miami
Nevada
Old Dominion
Ra5" Cons
fhattuck
115
6SU I
90 i
Utah Copper
BOSTON.
Adventure
Allouez
42
Az Coml iii
k a 59
. Range - 40U
L. Butte 09
. ""fiur uuu 01 me rsie oi .
Arizona, in and for the Countv of Co -
-uior, iuia -oiu uav OI AUgUSt in tile
. , - ? fa "L " "1C
n . i- 1. np.i. 1 . ...
year oi our iora, one thousand nine
hundred and eighteen.
(SenD t v T xiro
By H. P. JOHxJbxlnSt
Who cannot bear to
' WANTED
0
1
. ; TO PLEDGE
THEMSELVES TO PAY $1.00 OR MORE A MONTH
for five morhs. $12,000,000 people including hundreds of thousands of children are
starving in Eastern Asia, and America is their cole source of help.
AIL
Every cent goes for relief.
One, War Work Building,
LtASED WIRE
Granby 6S
Goldfield 22
Hancock 05
Indiana 75
Keweenaw 95
Lake 03
La Salle 03 "
Mohawk 51 U
Mayflower . . H 03 Vi
X. Butte 10
Nip OS's
Osceola 50
Pond Creek 13
Quincy 5S
Shannon , . 21,
Sup Boston 02V
Utah Cons v. .. 07s
CURBS. k .
A. & A 16
Arizona Bing 04ss
Arizona Silver King 4
Butte & London 14
Big Ledge "114
Cal. & Jerome
Cornelia 1 16
Con Copper Mines 054
Con- Arizona 01V
Cresson 5
Dean ' 16U
Dundee 01
Emma ;. . 3
Gadsden 04
Grand Island 4
G. Monster
Hull ; 50
Howe Sound 4
Hecla 04
J. Verde
Iron Caps i 13
Magma Copper 2S
Magma Chief IT
Miami Con . . . 10
Mines of America 1-16
Porphyry S3
Ray Here 03 Vi
Tom Reed 170
Tuolomne SO
U." Eastern 440
Verde Ex 32
Verde Combn 7S
Wol Arizona 02
Curtiss 13
Wright Murtin 3
Cosden 07 ij
Federal Oil 03 i
Glen Rock 03
Midwest ref 15S
OATMAN.
(Pv Collins & Bretherton..
Bid Ask
Argo 6 .07
Adams 4 .03
Arizona Rex 15
Ariz-Tom R 06 .07
Big Jim Con 12 .13
Bound lry Cone 03 .04
Gold Ore :05 .06
Gold Road Bond 3 .01
Gold Cliff 15
Lucky Boy 07 .S
Sunnyside 06 .07
Telluride 12 .13
Tom Reed 1.69 1.70
Uited Eastern 4.S0 4.35
United Western 03 .04
Red Lion 20
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 3.50 4.00
Green Monster 37 .44
Butte London 12 .14
Dundee $7 1.00
Venture Hill 06 .07
Jerome Verde . .'. 40 .50
Ark-Arizona 14 .16
Ins-Needles 06 .12
Hull Copper S3 .40
Magma Chief 15 .17
Wolv.-Amona LS7 .00
Verde Combination .75 .S7
Miami Consolidated 05 .10
Night Hawk 1.50
Grand Island IS .22
Kay Cop lo0
Nacozari Consolidated 35
Con Cop Mines 5.25 5.50
Porphyry 70 .S3
Cal. & Jerome S7 .50
Feather River 11 .14
-Get Rid of That
Persistent Cough
; Eton that weakeninc. persistent couch
1 r tniri r n iiiinmit . r. wva r am inn
T . "l
affections, with Eckman'a Alterative
; the tonic and npbuilder of 20 years
; successful use. soc and fLSH bottles
from druggists, or from
ORATORT. PhlUdelphU
0
hear the call of starving children, crying for bread.
Write us that you will help.
Phoenix Arizona, Box S56.
LIVED TWO YEARS
ON RAW EGG DIET
John H. Packer Gains 44
Pounds and Now Eats Any
thingSuffered 20 Years
nen a man has had to live for !
two years on nothing much except
raw eggs, on account of stomach trou-!
ble and then finds a medicine that t
fixes him up In less than two months i
so he can eat sauer kraut, meats of
all kinds and anything else he wants,
I think it is time for him to talk for
the benefit of others. Well. Tanlac
has done a'l thos for me and more, for
I am no- 44 pounds heavier than 1
was the day I began taking it and
am now enjoying better health than I
have in at ltast 15 years." w"43 the re
markable statement made by John H.
Packer, patentee and proprietor of the
Packer Oil Filter, who lives at Liberty,
Mo., recently.
"For 20 years or more." he con
tinued. "I have suffered with my
stomach and although I have spent
thousands of dollars nothing ever
helped me until I got Tanlac. My
appetite left ma entirely, and what lit
tie I did eat would almost double mo
up with pain and I would bloat ur
with gas until I could scarcely
breathe. During the past five vears.
especially. I have suffered a "gre.u
deal from constipation, felt tired eu.
all the time, hsd no energy, and w";is
so drowsy and listless that if I tried
to talk business to a man it was an
effort to express what I wanted to
say. My health finally got so bad that
I was forced to give up a splendid po
sition in Pocatello. Idaho, and nobody,
except those in the same condition
can fully understand how I suffered.
"I had almost lost faith in all medi
cines, as I had tried so nianv without
resu'.ts. but Tanlac certainly has been
a revelation to me, I can now eat
just anything I want and never ex
perience a particle ot trouble. 1 have
never had a better appetite, and all
signs of indigestion, gas and distress
after eating are gone. Tanlac has also
relieved me of constipation and
strengthened and built me up until I
feel as full ot energy as when I was
a boy. When I first started on Tan
lac I weighed 124 pounds, but 1 now
weigh 16S 1-2 and this shows how
well suited to my case Tanlac was."
Tanlac Is sold in Bisoee ty J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug com
pany, in Paradise by G. A. Walker. In
Bowie by Bowie Drug company, in San
Simon by ,T. B. Cooke, la Wilcox by
A. A. Nicholson, in Lowell by Lowell
Drug company, in Benson by C. F.
Moss Pharmacy, in Gleeson by B. A.
Taylor, in Warren by Warren Pharm
acy, in Pearce by B. A. Taylor, to
Tombstone by Boyd's Drug store, and
in McNeal by McNeal Mercantile com
pany. Musterole Loosens Up Those
Stiff Joints Drives Out Pain
Youll know why thousands use Mus
terole once you experience the glad re
lief it gives.
Get a jar at once from the nearest
drug store. It is a clean, white ointment,
made with the oil of nfustard. Better
than a mustard plaster and does rot
blister. Brings ease and comfort while
it is being rubbed on!
Musterole is recommended by many
doctors and nurses. Millions of jars are
used annually for bronchitis, croup, stiff
neck, asthma, neuralgia, pleurisy, rheu
matism, lumbago, pains and aches of the
back or joints, sprains, sore muscles,
bruises, chilblains, frosted feet, colds cf
the chest (it often prevents pneumonia).
20c and 60c jars; hospital sue $2.50
Arizona Headquarters, Room
FINE
HE
11
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches. Dlrmonds, Jewelry. Etc
Reliable Houco 19 Branch Stores
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
r
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jadi BLtig., Main Street
Phone 23 Box 1129
VM. CALEY
sT 5- XIIlM'Al.r
v.-
ncsitU-r.ee, Black 333
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
j ruONL 15 OK ST.
CH.H0GM)
unice teiovw
COFPER QUEEN HOTEL.
Phon 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Betovk
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
jCOOGAH
QTY DYE WORKS
Cleaning & Pressing
Phone 739.
Opp. Y. W. C A.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Otnee Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 59.
it makes a whole lot of differ
ence what kind of lumber you
: use. it tne lumber is to come
from us, you can figure on
quantities much closer than if
you don't specify us. There
! is no waste to our lumber. It
lean be used to the last inch.
I If your plans are as right as
our lumber your building will
I be a dandy.
Bisbee Lumber Co.
j (Incorporated)
EMIL MARKS. tW
In Preparing
! Specifications
lowcu v.ar oicp. 1 hone ; a
SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1919.
$27,1
0 COfflBE
COIWSTOlIIJi
NEAR EAST DRIVE
TtD8
of the
Town
GOES TO LCS ANGELES
I ley, J. V. Eigher, E. Tonanovich, Mrs.
Mis Grace Adams left Sunday night j R. S. Warnicfc, Visente Lion, J. A.
for Los Angeles.
. Lavman.
IS ILL
1 MOTOR FROM PIERCE.
Mike S. Monazhan of the Warren John Lemon of Johnson, and Jim
I Building company, is ill at hia home, j Lemon and Charle9 Renaud of Pierce
t motored to Bisbee yesterday.
Warren District and Douglas
Heaviest Contributors
to Campaign
IS WELL' AGAIN.
GOES TO COAST
an outgoing "passenger Sunday night!. ?- Kh- manager of the Warren
'nr Ijn inPl i branch of the Phelps Dodge mercan-
' r tus Anlva- i tile store, has Just recovered from a
(recent illness.
VIS.TING HERE .
With a subscription cf about 527,000, J Mr: D, Rot?n of .Douglas is IS RECOVERING.
opcuuiug a icw unjj uciTs atiiuu$i v nanes jl. r ruuman, wno nas oef n
friends. i ill for a week. Is recovering. D. W.
FROM DOUGLAS
Mr. George B. Knowlea of Doug
las Ls in the city visiting with friends
for a few days.
one-fifth of the total amount assigned
to be raised in the state, Cochise coun
ty has rallied to the call in another
war drive, that for relief in the near
east, and has again raised its quota.
Fir.r.l figures, as compiled yesterday
at the clo?e of the compaign, were
made public last evening by T. C.
McGrath, county chairman.
The Warren district and Douglas
were heaviest enntrihntnr f th .
rtrlv oartl nrnmnrtitTr riciro- .Twit TiCe OUt Of DOUglaS.
J12.CC0 for the fund. Naco, with near- j
3y $300; Tombstone, Pearce, Willcox ,
ond other towns with sums ranging
Fruitman is in a local hospital suffer
ing with influenza.
RETURNS. FROM PHOENIX
W. H. Brophy of Bisbee, who spent
the latter- part of last week in Phoe-
TO DOUGLAS j nix, has returned to his home here.
Engineer R. M. Rouask of the E. P.
& S. W., has been transferred to ser-
GOES TO TOMBSTONE
Lieut. L. R. Jackson went to Tonib-
from 1100 to 400. make up the remain-1 stone yesterday on business. He will
der of the total. Final and complete 1X111 ra tomorrow morning.
figures are expected at the close of I
this week. The Warren district sub- ADAMS IN TOMBSTONE
scription will not be complete until ! Supervisor 1. C. E. Adams went to
fall returns are received from the Tombstone Sunday, where he will be
t ior several days.
I -
mines.
"Too macn creair cannot be given to
the tesidents of the county for the
manner in which they rallied to this
call," declared Mr. McGrath last even
ing in issuing his statement. "In a
time of depression it is always hard
to larnch and carry ont successfully a
drive of this character. Eut the man
ner in which Cochise county residents
have come to the front i3 remarkable,
and they deserve every credit for their
generosity.
In the same manner, great credit
is dee the workers and team captains
for the manner in which they have
conducted their drive in each com
munity. They were faced with over
whelming odds in opening their drive.
They had large territory to ccver in
a short time, and workers wer-i iict
as numerous as in past campaigns.
They have accomplished a wonderful
work in a brief period, and for it taey
deserve the commendation of each
community "
LEAVES FOR PHOENIX
Rev. Allan Krichaum of the Presby
terian church, left Sunday night for
Phoenix, where he will remain for a
week.
HERE FROM TOMBSTONE
A. H. Gardner of Tombstone spent
a few hours in the Warrent district
visiting friends Sunday.
GOES TO TOMBSTONE.
Mrs. Edith Byrns of Warren re
turned yesterday from a two days'
business trip to Tombstone.
WILL RETURN.
LL-CoL John C. Greenway is expect
ed to return to Bisbee the latter part
of this week.
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS.
Undelivered telegrams are held at
the, Western Union for the following
persons: W. E. Smeck. E. P. Ridg-
Grand Theater!
TODAY Continuous, 1 to 11 p. m. TODAY
VITAGRAPH FILM CORP. Presents
Ear! Williams
-in-
"A
UiDloma
' li
tic
ssion
OVER FROM DOUGLAS
Hugh Gallagher, assistant auditor to
ing of the Parent-Teachers' associa
tion, which will meet at the Horace
Mann Junior Hiah school tonisht at
7:30 o'clock, special music will be
presented and refreshments will
served. .
be
for gambling. He was fined $100. The ft 111111011 11(111 Ifl
"br,r fulLLlUN UULLAR
M . " - - ' . V. WVillU U Will II
tcday.
ROB3ED OF $20
.Yhile Mrs. Frank Mosley was on
her way home Sunday ni.sht two Mexi
cans stepped out from an alley way
and snatched her purse containing
?20. She informed tne police, who
searched all nijiht in an effort to find,
the Mexicans.
GUESTS AT COPPER QUEEN.
Among the quests at the Copper
Queen hotel are: James S. Bennitt.
El Taso; A. R. Straw, Fall River.
Mass.; H. L. Hammett. Albuquerque,
and G. H. Cousins. New Rochester.
X. Y.
, GOES TO CALIFORNIA
J. S. Bell, an electrician for the
Phelps Dodge corporation. Copper
Queen branch, accompanied by -his
mother. Mrs. E. E. Bell, left last 'night
for Red P.luff, California, where Mrs.
Bell will make her home in the fu
ture. Mrs. Bell has been a resident
of this county and district for the past
twenty years and has been prominent
in lodge circles.
VISIT IN BISBEE
Dr. an Mrs. O. E. Erown of Tucum
cari. epent Sunday with Mr. and Mrs.
Walter Lanford at thir heme in Tomb
stone canyon. Dr. Brown is division
surgeon for the E. P. & S. W. rail
road, with headquarters at Tueum-cari.
AGAIN ARRESTED.
Victor Medak. who was arrested
three weeks ago on a charge of manu
facturing and selling liquor and who
was released when the court sustained
a demurrer filed by his attorney, was
arrested again yesterday on a tench
warrant1 issued by the superior court,
on a charge of manufacturing liquor.
Medak was released veterdav oa
51000 bond.
ROAD BILL PASSES
ITS THIRD READING
THIN PEOPLE
SHOULD TAKE.
PHOSPHATE
Ct,fo Q--,f, Alo. AJ LJ Notnin8 Lik P'!r Bitro-Phosphate to
State Senate Also Adopts the . Put on Firm. Healthy Fi5shh and
$200,000 Additional
Funds Measure
I!y Review Leased "Wir"
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Feb. iT. Two
to
increase itrer.ij'.n. vigor
and Nerve Force.
Judging from the countless prcpara
tious and treatments which are contin
ually being advertised for the purpose
of making thia people flcrhy. develop-
bills found favor in the eyes of the j i:lg arms, neck and bU3t; anJ Veplaciajr
SEEKING YEOMEN APPRENTICES
The bureau of navigation has auth
orized the enlistment of men in the
ratine of landsmen for yeomen, ace
Phelps Dodge Corporation, with head-1, HOSTESSES TODAY. limits IS to 30 years. Applicants must
quarters In Douclas. was a Bisbee vis- i Hostesses at the regular weekly aft-! be able to write a legible hand, be a
it-iuwu oi cara3 ana tea at tne warren
itor yesterday.
BABY SON IS BORN.
A baby boy was born to Mr. and
Mrs. James W. Lanyon Sunday morn
ing. Both the mother and baby are
doing well.
IN TOMBSTONE.
C. R. Morfoot, a former attorney of
this city, la in Tombstone from Los
Angeles on business. Mr. Morfoot is
chief counsel In the Cosjtello-Cunning-ham
caBe.
TOVREA RETURNS
E. A. Tovrea of Bisbee, proprietor
of a large meat Industry In. this coun
ty, returned from a business and
pleasure trip to California, where he
spent several weeks.
GOES TO CALIFORNIA
Mrs. R. H. Wren of Warren left
Sunday night for Los Angeles. She
accompanied Mrs. Bell, who went to
the coast because of poor health.
MINING CASE SET
The hewing for a motion of change
of venue to another county in the Cun-ningham-Costello
mining case, was
heard Saturday at Tombstone, and
was-continued until March S.
HOME FROM CONVENTION
C. W. Holmes of this district, who
registered for and attended the meet
ings of the Arizona Cattle Growers'
association in Phoenix during the first
three days of last week, returned to
his home here Sunday.
WILL PRACTICE LAW.
J. D. Bauer, formerly of Seattle,
will open a law office this week in the
Marx building in LowelL Mr. Bauer
was for 17 years a practicing lawyer
In Seattle. He intends to make his
home here.
-also-
FOR A GOOD LAUGH, SEE
GOOD LUCK AND OLD CLOTHES"
Admission: Lower Floor, 10c; Balcony, 5c
This Includes the War Tax
! ON TO EL PASO
Miss Helen Iola List, Altar T. Ed
gar and Hazel Mary Liggett of the
department or labor, who have been
investigating the cost of living here.
left for El Paso yesterday, where they
wia continue to work.
AUTO DAMAGED
While driving up Tombstone can
yon Sunday the car driven by Harry
Jrinnoti skidded and struck a post
when he attempted to make the turn to
go up the Divide at the end of the
street car line. The windshield was
broken and one rear fender damaged.
unAt ni ofr V, n v a. V. - - aw
V District Country club for this after-1 clerical experience. Applicants will
uoon wju De .Mrs. j. ovens and be sent to the naval training school aH
jira. ndnneu .Noweus. inese teas San Francisco Enlistments will be
are benefits for the permanent blind i receive J at the local reeruitinir station
rund. Guests must take their own!;, n
luncneon but tea m kpt-voH kT iii k-.o
tesses.
MARRIAGE LICENSES
Marriage licenses were issued to
the following persons in this district
during the past week: Sacramento
Orduno to Pefra Sanchez, both of Bis
bee; Jesse H. LaDeu to Viola Marga
ret Simmonds of Bisbee; Frank Ey
man to Mary Odams of Bisbee; Wil
liam Ford to Dorothy Scott Benson o'
uiboee; ano; uougias imgene Kitchen
to Susan Lartewell of Bisbee.
LARCENY CHARGED
M. Artumfjf of Warren was arrest
ed by Officer M. R. Gilman yesterday
on complaint of A. L- Lake, who al
leges that Artumoff stole his clothes
valued at $30 from him. Artumoff
appeared in Judge J. L. Winters court
yesterday to answer to the charge. He
pleaded not guilty and was released
under $300 bond to appear Thursday.
ARRSTED IN GAMBLING RAID
An early morning raid on Hinkles
fhits yesterday resulted in seven men
being arrested for gambling. The offi
cers. Bill Jsherrill, Tex Barton and A.
D. Roes, entered the flat building and
breaking open the door of a room.
found six men playing cards at a table
while the seventh looked on. The
WHO KNOWS?
Did anyone know James Samuel
Evans, Jesse H. Evans. 1921 K street.
Washington, D. C, is inquiring for
him. Four years ago relatives were
notified of the death of James S.
Evans, somewhere in Arizona, by a
man believed to have been a sheriff
of an Arizona county, hut the name of
the sheriff has been lost. Evans was
either a mine owner or was interested
in a mine, says the letter.
state senate today, one, the $30,000.
000 bond measure, weathering its third
reading in spite of an attempt to
make the board provided for in the
bill appointed by the governor. The
bill as it passed the reading provides
that the board shall consist of the
governor, secretary of stare, treasurer,
state auditor and atterncy general.
The other road measure was the
$200,000 additional funds bill, which
passed the senate by a vote of 14 to 2.
Winsor, father of the bill, explained
that the sum was for immediate use on
ugly hollows sr.d angles by the soft
curved lines of health and beauty,
there are evidently thousands cf men
and women who keenly f.vl th'.r ex
cessive thinness.
Thinness tr.d weakness are usually
due to starved r.ervea. Our bodies
need mere puhrite than js contain
ed In modern foos. Physicians claim
there is nothing that will supply this
deficiency so wt il as the organic phos
phate know n ar.jang druggists as bitro-
pnosphate. which is inexpensive u.nd
is seia ov j.
M. B.11I in Ki nn.l
five roads now in coursr ot construe-J most all drug?:sts under a guarantee
tlon which would be delayed if includ-1 of satisfaction or money buck. By
ed in the big highway bill, whose feeding the nerves dire-tiv i iv c-tL
not be available for! plying the bodv cells with th rfr.
RETURNED FROM NEW YORK.
C. W. Crommell, who is connected
with A. G. McGregor, engineer of War
ren, returned yesterday morning from
a six weeks business trip to New
York. Mr. Crommell said that busi
ness in the east is, although at present
at a standstill, very promising. He
added that reconstruction is already
taking place and that as soon as con
ditions become normal again the coun
try will boom with prosperity. Manu
facturers in the east appear optimis
tic over the future, he said.
funds would
some time.
The senate voted concurrence in
the house joint memorial to congress,
asking for relief from the discrimina
tory passenger rates existing in Ari
zona. The upper house also unanimously
approved the fraudulent conveyance
measure patterned after a similar law
being introduced in all the states. It
would hedge conveyances with intent
to defraud creditors with strict regu
lations.
The measure to permit landlords to
sell delinquent guests baggage was
recommended for passage by the sen
ate judiciary committee.
Senator Hicks brought in a new bill
to reflate work of executors and ad-mlnislratcrs.
W.
PHOENIX PROTESTS I. W.
By Review leased Wire)
PHOEXIX. Ariz., Feb. IT The Mari
copa County Real Estate association
at its annual meeting tonight appoint
ed a committee to investigate the re
port that preparations were being
TTjf tferVTr to estaSXnatona, S
AlrCtl? ?lea.l rters of the I. W. W. in Phoenix.
- J jz uaru 1 j nL . . A
; aim 11 sutu a mute were uuaer wav. 10
prevent its materializ-
LAURIER, CANADIAN
EX-PREMIER, DEAD
IMPORTANT TO ALL WOMEN
READERS OF THIS PAPER
take steps
ing.
to
Bl'SY DAY IN COURT
Saturday was a busy day in the
courts at Tombstone, .Attorneys were
asked why some 400 cases which have
been on the docket since 1912 should
not be tried or dismissed. More than
150 such cases were dismissed.
P.-T. A. MEETING TODAY
Miss Elsie Toles, county superinten
dent of schools, will address the meet-
EAGLE
Thousands upon thousands of wo
men have kidney or bladder thouble j
and never suspect it
Women's complaints often prove to
be nothing else but kidney trouble, or
the result ot kidney or bladder disease
If the kidneys are not in a healthy
condition. they may cause the other
organs to become diseased.
You may suffer pain in the back,
headache and loss of ambition.
Poor health makes you nervous, ir
ritable and. may be despondent; it
makes any one so.
But hundreds of women claim that
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, by restor
ing health to the kidneys, proved to be
just the remedy needed to overcome?
such conditions.
Many send for a sample bottle to
see what Swamp-Root, the great kid
ney, liver and bladder medicine will
do for them. By enclosing ten cents
to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton, X.
v-. you may receive sample size bottle
by Parcel Post. You can purchase
medium and large size bottles at all
drug stores.
RHEUMATISM
CURED BY "NUMBER
40" OR MONEY BACK
Consult Central Pharmacy, Lowell.
Frank Staser. Xewburg. Ind., states:
"I suffered with rheumatism for sev
eral years and tried numerous rem
edies with little or no benefit. Men
denhall's Xuraber 40 was recommend
ca to me an;. I used In. all six bottles
and am entirely cured. 1 cheerfully
recommend it to all rheumatic suf
ferers. We have instructed Central Pharm
acy to issue a guarantee with three
bottles of "Xumber 40" and if you are
not cured or satisfied, your money will
be cheerfully refunded. J. C. Menden
hall. 40 years a druggist.
"Xumber 40 is employed in rheum
atism, scrofula, blood poison, consti
pation, liver and stomach troubles.
(By Review Leased Wire)
OTTAWA. Canada. Feb. 17. Sir
Wilfrid Laurier. former premier of
Canada, died of paralysis here this
afternoon.
Born at St. IJn, Quebec. In 1S41. Sir
Wilfrid was the only French Cana
dian who was ever premier of Canada,
a portfolio he held from 1S96 to 1911.
After holding the premiership for
15 years. Sir Wilfrid's government
suffered defeat at the polls with the
proposed reciprocity treaty with the
United States as the issue.
sary phosphonc food elements, bitro
phosphate quickly produces a welcome
transformation in the appearance; the
increase in weight frequently being
astonishing.
This increase in wolsht also carries
with it a general improvement in the
health. Xervousness. sleeplessness and
lack of . energy, which nearly always
accompany excessive thinness, soon
disappear, dull eyes become bright,
and pale cheeks glow with the bloom
of perfect health.
CAUTION: Although bitro-phos-phate
Is unsurpassed tor relieving
nervousness, sleeplessness and gen
eral weakness, it should not, owing
to its remarkable flesh-growing prop
erties, be used by anyone who does
not desire to put on flesh.
U
MAJOR BROPHY WILL
SPEAK AT Y. M. C A.
Major W. H-- Brophy, who say many
months service iu France doing Red
Cross work, will deliver an address
en the many phases of Red Cross
work to the members of the Twen
tieth Century club at the Blue room at
the Y. W. C. this, afternoon at 3:15
o'clock. A cordial invitation is ex
tended to the members of the Bisbee
Women's club. The hostesses for the !
atternoon will be Mrs. W. j. Spauld
ing and Mrs. Edward J. Flannigan.
FIREMEN KILLED IN FIRE
(Fv Review Tueased Wirel
NEW YORK, Feb. 17. One fireman
was killed and damage ot more than
$100,000 was done to. the cargo ot the
CURED?" SAYS
THE SUFFERER.
How cftcn tavo you Lcsrd that s.;J
Cry from tiio victims of disease. Ir
fcapa the disorder has gone too far er
help, but oftcner it is ju&fc in ita firs;
stages and tho pabia end cob pre only
nature'3 first cries for holi 1V tot
l??rair. Find out the cf.use and giv
nature all tia he'p you can and she
wiU r?Tay yo-.i v.ith heahiu Look after
tiie tiaroys. The kidneys are the raost
overworked orr-r-s of the hucan body,
i-nd when t'uey fuil in tl.cir work cf
r'terls and throwisj cii tie poison
tir.t cor-stastly cceus:uLites ia the evs
tcr: crcr.rthluff goes wron. GOLD
2V2DAI, II-1 1cm Oa Capsules will
rive r.!n.ost imxtVJato relief iron k:d--y
and rlad.Icr troubles and their kia
Ired nihaeuts. Ttcv. wij free Tonr
t y freia ;? -n i chort crcter. Ent be
scrj get GOLD MUTVLL. Loot for
tha r'.me on o - hot. Ia three eur.os,
s-aed pacLar. ,'uouey refunded ii
Le7 da net Le!i ,u.
DRESSMAKER
SAVED FROf.1
OPERATION
By Taking Lydia E. Pink-
steamship Kiiukenbach by fire here to- ham's Vegetable Compound
night. Eight firemen, three sailors
and a member ot the military police
were overcome by smoke. The ship,
which was under government charter,
was loaded with a mixed cargo consist
ing of hay, corn, oats and oil.
E I
THEATR
IT
TODAY
Continuous, 1 to 11 p. m.
TODAY
i
I .-. 'it?
. .:'vnt
i-'iS.' '-' " A V-
'-- : -:?-: i,?-sv
f : ':v;'.'l:-
I Is : :-;:- v'-f--;H
S ' -'. . -''t'Vt'-'S'S.
"III 'At. UH
SlimJfG BILL
Parsons CcaeJy
in two Parts
'BILL CAI3PS OUT1
WM. FOX PRESENTS
WILLIAM FARNUM
Today
ONLY
1UV
ILJ
ire
THEATER
HIT THE TRA 1L AND SEE
GORGE M. COHEN
Continuous
From
1:00 to 11:00
P.M.
Hood
IN HIS OWN FAMOUS PLAY
n n
liliL
RAIL 13
n n fliB
mi
AN ARTCRAFT PICTURE
This Bar-tender-hero, who "never touched a drop in his life
Billy Sunday's Methods
also
gives you a glimpse of
in Tune.
Ithaca. N.Y. " Three yean apo I
an tiered from pains in my right side, so
severe that I could
not raise my feet
from the floor. Tains
would shoot down my
limbs and through
my back, and the
doctor said I had
an abscess. I was in
bed two weeks with
an ice bap on my side
and expected any
day that I miht
have to po to a hos
pital for an opera
tion. A friend came
to see tne and told me cf vour won
derful medicine Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound. I began taking
it, and after taking six bottles I feel'
well and strong, do my own work and do
dressmaking for others. I cannot speak
too highly of your medicine and recom
mend it to others who suiter with female
trouble. It is a Godsend to ailing
1 women, and vou may use my name at
any time." Mrs. 1XRMIUA UULSIZER,
CIS E. Fall St, Ithaca. N.Y.
Women who sufTer from any such ail
ments should not fail to try this famous
root and herb remedy, Lydia E. Pink
ham's Vegetable Compound.
iiiiii.n.iiiil!lf!ll!l
. Iljlj I
WILLIAM DUNCAN
In Vitagraph's Greatest Photoplay Serial, "A
66PATHE
FIGHT FOR MILLIONS,'. Episode No. 10
99
NEW
S
A RED BLOODED, 6-ACT DRAMA OF THE LUM
BER CAMPS OF THE NORTHWEST
MUSIC BY GRIBBLE'S ORCHESTRA
Admission: Children, 10c; Adults, 15c; Reserved, 25c.
This Includes War Tax
News of all the World. Sees all Knows alL And a Paramount Sennett Comedy with
LOUIS FAZENDA in
those athletic girls"
ONE HALF-HOUR OF LAUGHTER
DANCE
EAGLES CLUB
Every
Wednesday and Saturday
EAGLES HALL
DANCING 8:30 P. M.
LONG'S ORCHESTRA
awMrarl V
Admission: Lower floor, 15c: Balconv. 10c:
Includes the War Tax.
Reserved 25c;
This
PIANO LESSONS
given by graduate or Sasees Acad
emy. New York. Thorough and cor
rect instruction for bejrinners or
advanced scholars guaranteed.
MRS, MARQUETTE '
Orera Drive Opp. High School