OS
r
WEATHER
UTI LE ADS
Wednesday and Thurs
day fair; slightly
warmer.
On our classified page
art winners. Try one
and watch results.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL. 21, NO. 230.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
A
t
4
COMPLETED
PROJECT OF
LEAGUE IS
DISCUSSED
Moscow Calls
39-45 Men to
Can-y on War l
HELSINGFORS, Feb. 4
(Havas). A decree issued
byAhe central soviet of Mos- j.
cow has called to the colors
t all men between tne ages or ,
i 39 and 45 years of age. The
i" men will be ordered to ;,
41 SOLDIER
HEROES GIN
U. S. HIGHEST
NOR MEDAL
Delegates Discuss Plan Article
prosecute the war in case $ Corp. John Pruitt of Phoenix,
Who Captured Two Ma
chine Guns and 40 Men
!
! the proposed conference on
i the Island of Prinkipo fails.
by Article; Program Pro-irt0( II P Tfl
vides for Three Branches of HO 11 U. U. IU
International Governing;
AD
Singlehanded on the List;
FIGHT ON IN
OUSE OVER
DEMAND EO
BIGGER HAVY
Report That President Said
Failure to Adopt Plans;
Would "Be Fatal to My Ne- j
Brrnqs Clash
-Ex-Governor
Hunt Wins in ;
Salary Suit
Superior Court Makes Award j
to Former Executive of i
Back Pay; State Appeals
i
(Hy Reviw Leased Wire
PARIS. Feb. 4. President Wilson j
presided tonight orer the commission
COPPER INDUSTRY
i
I
' i
Ry Review Leased Wire! i
WASHINGTON. Feb. 4 The award
of 41 congresional medals of honor.
gotiations.
WASHINGTON". Feb. 4. Disclosure '
; in the house today by Chairman Fad-
America's highest military decoraUca p,,; wilsonin a cablegram la.t i
j which previously had been given to . Week to Secretary Daniels, insisted
; only three men for service in the great that congress adept the new three j
on the societv of nations, which had ' Congress Urged to Provide war- "vas announced tomorrow by the '; year naval building program was fol
before it the completed project for? , . , . c . . . war department. Two lists of awards lowed fcy futile efforts cf-republican
constituting the league. discussing it I Legislation to Stimulate ! were issued, one bearing the names ffcaWs to obtain the text of th
constituting the league, discussing it
article by article. While there is no
authoritative information concerning i
the details of the project, the distribu-'
tion of printed drafts among the mem-1
hers has disclosed the main features, ',
and these can be summarized as fol
lows:
Metal Market
i or two inters ana i'J ecnste-i men
i and the other these of six officers
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. F-h s Cons:re.s
Two main rlan. hi.ro Twn I was ur?ed & resolutions adopted to-.ity above
presented, which the members of the : ua7 s rei :resraiil1: "L ;uul-
a
e ;
messase.
R-?p: ?entative Padgett said the;
aad 14 enlisted men. i presiuc;it"s cabltgran: v;-s responsible ':
j The medals were awarded on recom-i for the committee's unanimous recom-i
j mend-ition of General Pershing for mendation of the construction of 10 j
eonspimous gallantry and intreped- J ciressr.a isms and ! scout cruisers.
and beyond the call of i can leu Li the new S7."0.(H0.V navai '
Some of the medals were . etFrcpr.;?.ion ,nl. " consideration of.
c b'tv Review leased Wire I
PHOENiX. Feb. 4. Former
Gov. G. W. P. Hunt's now famous j
case against the suite of Arizona
fcr $4.5".""i back salary was deviu- i
ed late today in the superior court !
of Maricopa county in favir of i
the i event ly retired chief execu- j
tive. Tne state gave notice of :
appeal. -1
T.:e decision rendered today is
deciarej to bear directly on a
similar contention put forward by
the attorney general, Wiley Jones,
who also, it is said, lays claim to
an unpaid portion of his salary.
The governor's salary was iii
creasl by le.;"sUt'e action while
Hunt held ot;ice. which, the state
contended, was against the provi
sions of the constitution.
The former governor held that
siine r.o fixed salary had iieen set
previously the increase was with
in tVie law. Hunt claimed his un-.
laid in. lease between March 14.
llilT. and Jar.uri-- "i. 119, when
h" vacated the subenu-aerial chair
in favor of Governor Tnomas K.
("awpbell.
PLOT FOR RE90LUTI0N
1 AMERICA CHARGED
BV SENATORS: SEVERE
iESTIGATIOI ORDERED
Bolshevik, I. V. W. and Other Propaganda to Be Probed by
Judiciary Sub-committee, Which Conducted Inquiry Into
Pro-German and Brewery Work; Sensational Allegations
Made by Salons Bringing Quick Action
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4. Sweenincr investigation of
j bolshevik, I. W. W. and other propaganda, was ordered unani-
mously today by the senate, after two hours of tempestous dis
I cussion in which several senators declared organizations were
! plotting to overthrow the American government by violence.
i 1 tie senate judiciary sub-committee
commtssinn rorarri a cmKrwWir, th mine workers of Utah, Arizona and j awarded posthumously. The awards ; w"u U wa? tej:u:i
American views, though both plans are : v,w kehub iu. , im-mue n.e j t ;
composite, containing the bst fea-! tllcu!"lu loaf' ul l'"uu' 4U i m-w- j. r,w.-, i-t, i.
tnrixs fmm rarimu sniirrw Amoriran i eign countries to stimulate the cop-; la., division machine officer Sid ii-,that (iiiestio;:
tores from rarious sources. American, i
British, French and Italian.
to-1 "y in the house.
; Mr. Padgett refused to nu.ke public.
the text tr.e message on the ground :
3 of foreign uolicv were ;
MAKEUP OF ARMY IN
FRANCE ANNOUNCED
! per market an J relieve conditions in -vision, who died of wounds, collected olvr-d in its contents
Both plans are being considered to-! lhe in4ufitry characterized as critical. ; 20
eether. In its original form the first, - e resonnions also cawea upon me
which for more than a year has been
in estimating pro-German and brewers'
propaganda, was authorized by the
senate resolution to conduct the new
'inquiry. The committee will begin
lty Ti.-viem- l.iseil Wire) ' , . , . .... .
WASHINGTON. Feb. 4. A nev? Pxork probably next Friday. The
able of locations of units of the jh'man. Senator Overman, said the
This resolution went over for further
discussion.
Myers Launches Attack
The senate's action looking to the
suppression of the alleged seditious
propaganda came unexpectedly. Sen
ator Myers of Montana, opened the
discussion with criticism of last Sun
day's public meeting, held in a the-
pian Is generally regarded as more
democratic and therefore more accept
able to the small powers, where the re-
men ot scattered infantry units presiuer.i :s very insistent r-v-uiiuiKu loices jan-i - - - - v , ' """-"later owned bv the government and
j itv.o- ,, n,, . .-v.,..i.i Ik nhi;A .., K. i lan.e. and continue probably after .... ' 1 otrumeui. anu
bled several platoons and established carried cut." declared ?;r. Padstett. ! department, showed no changes in ll,I'i:r , J'iJ',"rns- spoke at the meeting in support of
a line overcoming disorganization so "Iri substance the president stated i vomtH.sition of the army of occupation. ! t,."6",..,) m', k?W, .ltnr ' the Russian soviet should be expelled.
that tne position coui.t oe beta. He "'"-"-"& "-a c-ccurreu nrr t leie to ; ihuivkicu uuu me am. iin. i.tn.;... y - .Senator Kel!ogg of Minnesota de
was wounded by shell fire while going i change his recommendation, but said ! 33d. Tth divis'ons of the occupying', .vi , .i'on,ana- de"',ocrat and nounced prsCamation in a st Louis
to the assistance of one or his out-; ther? were developments in t;:e way i forces and the 35th and SSth divis- newspaper, entitled ''Lenine's aDoeal
, . i.-r trknnoi, f.-.- ...j :.n,w.t,i , u.... i mr vo'ce. extended the committees . K ..... nme ppei
Ikjsis, wimj nau ijeeu wuuuueu. n.uuua ii ...-.n..i..i. v.n. v.-i.vu v. unu. m nnt ; ... , I to xne ooisneviK or America and
itVZiZ I FofbcSs Z.!" .o S'i'iMht 51id .cri.""MI" .
rirsi ueoree o. nuuu . sauna. " K --' .-...v. ulr u.otJitM iu , Uuu unn... mi p nvw m- . . - - - ii violent overthrow of th
war ana navy departments to with-!
hold tLe stocks of copper now on j
hand fiom the market.
t!1 rian is nnt ci iniahio to t,o The workers before conciuamg late
small powers, as It eliminates them today the conferences w ith depart
fmm th npmtin hnnrh nf tho i men of labor officials which have
posed organization and la a long step I tiveu in progress since Friday appoint-
i . i i. f wi a rprmanpnt cnmmirtpp to rfron-
lundiu iiic iirauuu vi au luieriut-i ... ..... . , - , . ,1 ,- , . ,- . . ...
tional supreme council, with funda-lerate with managers cf the industry j Kas.. 369th Infantry, held his position i hun to dsooiuinue the program.
r Aint !.i.i..n.iiin resforins normal conditions. Dur-: on the front line all niaht although' Ei.l Is Cr:ticitd
th inferences Lhe workers Dre-. severely wounaed twice and although I1,"r c:'e mes.bt-r of the horse op-
. . . i I . . . n ,"i . iniirl n.t tiria o in Tna t . I . i ; .. it
spntpn riin:ri s snow nit? I tiii l ... r uer " . . 1
Three Main Features
The first plan had three main fea
tures first, a legislative branch, on
which the great and small nations
were e.iiaily represented, each as a
unit-
Second an executive branch co:i- i
sitting of two members from each oti
'the great powers, - United States
cent of the copier miners in the three I day, assumed command when fcis cap-. .'i-i; "-, Ui 1
states are idle because of the de-! tain and company officers were killed. ' p -uddleston of Alabi
rni Hmn.t rnr th m.tai i CDt. Edward C. Allworth. Crawford. the bill as representing
following posed the prcposed naval expansion
Kepresenza-
;ia, criticised
a "policy of
i-,i0.-r.n r t,yvr mei. i Wash.. 30th Infantry, swam the canal imperial sm i.:ai woj.o saau-e tne .
ters and refineries, resulting from tne ! of the Meuse to lead the advance country wh a bur.iea of militarism.'
sudden termiaation of the war de- when artillery had destroyed the and would lead Ito mother war uop
rnand. were estimated by the depart-! bridge while a company was crossing. eniaUv" Gihc t ot Massachusetts
rr-nt of labor todav at a biUionj Under his personal leadership the en-: e4 if ine messa spi the f?il-
.chutes th;- 1st. 2d and S2J divisions; I ccluit.r; the pnnPa ' ny party
4th corps, the Third. Fourth and 4d ' e?ie-'.tl1.ngror Running to exercise au
: divisions; 7th erps. S!th and !Hth di-',horUy m Russl- "-iher such efforts
visions.
The Second corps. 27th. 30th. 37th,
91st and 92d divisions, was listed as
"acting independently."
LCWER CALIFORNIA
PROTESTS U. S. MOVE,0
originate in this country or are incited
ana financed from abroad and fur
tther. to inquire into any effort to in
icite the overthrow of the government
!of this country or all government by
force, or by the destruction of life
land property. oY the general cessation
indusirv.
oovern-
rrent was active in the United States.
Senator Weeks of Massachusetts, re
publican, declared that the American
people did not understand that the
real purpose behind the propaganda
was the overthrow of their govern
ment and that until they do under
stand, it could not be stamped out.
Violence in seeking government re
forms was deplored by Senator liorah
, , i . ..i j ti;n(iiiA:.A cifmv was tnrowH DacR out oi maenme
Great Britain. France. Italy and Japan tlt " 1 tT 1 nt, ,! if.ft nroners tsken hv . ctiations ' and said he reg.ud-a
i : . i i m . l. : iKjr iue itiL t . udis. ai was miu. iiaic.o
CALEXIC
lnLTlT handful of troops, paving j f" "f .,VtS '
pmall Dowers. This e&ve the eiecu-
tive body a total membership of 13. olJ TwV Harold T Detroit, i over t here."
andineTpnted YhesS i -aTe bSo S?tl"? PunJ. S,fe S Mich.. 353d Infantry, who capture , .
ers, ana nine represented tne small, f four machine ?nn nests sinele handed :-lr- r-Ueeti
h?.d only one negotiator ; nia todav issued a statement to
' -vple and government of the United
not accurate," answered ; States" against a continuation of the
s..,.t.-ri t:.tn s., ..i.,is'.,n ftof Idaho, republican, as unnecessary
: Itv.e nrn,rt, t. r because of the power held in Uie Amer-
view t'.i-n.ei Y;ro ' ' ,.,., v J.i 1" ' o..'!i.. .. ..V '" lit Mot. He nrged that setiato-.
. Calif., teh. 4. Gover-' v. , . artr concrress 'adiourn. "r.i on th
Cantu of Lower Califor-! svu7 f:ovenunu ! . rostrum and preach Americanism."
ine . .. , . " , . senator waisn asked u
American form of government. Sen
ator Poir.dexter of Washington. re-
Senator Walsh
sked
the judl-
i clary sub-committee was authorized to
sum us at the Dresent
Guotation of 18 cents, it was estimat-' an brought back 20 prisoners.
ed would mean a loss of SSO.000.000 ! PTt- Jcnn J- Kelly, 7Sth Company, t
; move to annex Lower .California
Refuses to Answer
Piessed by Representative Rogers 1 as
! publkan, introduced a resolution call-1
investisate such propaganda as that
'"a conspiracy framed
powers.
Third arbitration was provided r
the determination of international is-
ues. In case of a disput between J der-rim ent of labor omcLTs ' Jards through the American barrage d tfle "fatal" was used. Mr. i the integrity and freedom of a friendly
two nations, each nation named bi-,- StJntor t'o attack a machine gun nest, killing ' radf" h Hld h3e W nation."
trators. and these two selected a third j -aidj J to mvat funher'the gunner and one of the crew nd !r answermg as the woruaj The statement, which took the form
arbitrator. Three arbitrators thus . Zr operations 1 "-eturning through the-barrage with . f n the presi- of. an c;en lelter lnat ia the
chosen constituted a tribunal for de- shutung flon or operauou.. iccr.a .dents cable." ,?nd added that he - r.c of .nh 4,,WnPMH nr-n-,,.,.,
I would "not affirm or deny any word : .P.nl' h,,eir,o ',ti..i t,,
4U i iiv tnuit -.lei.!.
i Pennsyl-
t K v f,,;.,..! o. ...... I . ; . , ;. '
lu"nl oi.nr ami inciims iu u f nt .1... .,ki. . "
...i...... .i, . ' drafted and presented his resolution
i under discussion. Chairman Over-
i inctii yiu ii whs inn Biui mt. naisn
u- j which whs addressed by Keienta-
which was adopted.
rese,,ttives Rnr.tnn Ilhi., .nil Ilil- The W8o!ulMD aS teWrded by Lie
Ion of South Dakota, were present.
lOontimuM on Fire Twol
terminmg the issues.- VriOTrr- cipxt inPrrriMr i Saves Comrade's Life
Favored by Small Nations - t nivcj-. oiVail AlUa'l I inc. j cpi Harold W. Roberts, San Fran !
The foregoing, on broad lines, is the ! PFRFAI PfYMVFNTTnN : Cisco, Calif., gave his life when the
Late News Bulletins
project which meets with most favor j
among the small nations, as they
would be represented both on the leg
islative and executive branches. It is
to be noted that such an organization
would follow somewhat the lines of
that of the present peace conference,
as the legislative branch is analogous
to the plenary session of the confer
ence, while the executive branch is
similar to the council of the great
powers now holding daily sessions.
The revised plan makes several im
portant changes. The legislative
branch remains the same, with the
great and small nations represented.
The executive branch is modifiec,
however, so as to consist chiefly of
the great powers, with two represen-1
tatives from each, to which others
from the small powers may be added
when interests especially affecting
them are at issue.
Third Branch Changed j
The third branch is entirely j
changed, so as to eliminate the plan j
of arbitrators and substitutes a coun-'
cil oi the great powers as a tnounai ;
(or judging international issues, ana
logous to the international supreme
council.
It is the two latter features which
are regarded by the smttll powers as
tending to concentrate the executive
and judicial branches in the hands of
the great powers, whereas the small
powers prefer the plan giving them a
status on the executive branch, and
arbitration as a means of judicial de
termination, instead of a tribunal of
the powers.
The question now before the com
mission is one largely between the
great and small powers. Several of
the small powers are understood to be
preparing amendments to the revised
plan, with a view to giving them rep
resentatives In all branches of the or
ganization and it is said that the ten
dency against the powers is to give
every reasonable consideration to
AUTO BANDITS HOLD
! Renre?entativ? Cutler of Pennsvl-; . . . . i
. . ,. . , i:oi le.rtui as a .Mexican irom voicing ? ;
vania. the ranking republican member: ...... . . .. . t .-- . . - .
... ... ... u rii;i:nom. ill vir-ir. -UHI1M sill II !
activities. ' ! PARIS. Feb. 4. Foreign Minister Sonnino of Italy and Premier Veniielos
' , ;.ave been in conference in an effort to negotiate the conflicting territorial
; ambitions of Italy and Greece, particularly with reference to the claims of
i Greece to islands in the Aegian sea. It is understood that Italy was willing
UP 3 STREET CARS' to turn over 10 Gr" the island in the Agean which Italy took from Turkev
Sec Lt. J Hunter Wickersham ! " v" . in me i npinnau war, u u;u?, in iurii. is gieu niauuaiory infr lor a pan m
" j thai wl' ctTr K-i Q Co o ni- i . f un mcrt . i . . ; . t -
Denver. Colo., 3G3d Infantrv, ordered!",'. "' tttv Review Leasei t , -'- -iuior.
and led an advance of his platoon af t- i ple ,n their a,leinPt to make a peace NEW YORK. Feb. 4. The police '
erhU ri-l-t arm had been crifnled bv lhat w !1 sen,e down this world for- still were searching tonight for a band 1 ALTOONA. Pa.. lb. 4 Three railroad employes were killed when the
shell fragments and continued firing- vl auio:iiooiie oauuus wno neiu up i v mm num. rMiuuu, u me i ruu ima -vrwi i uvtu
t.; -ith lrt i,ar.H until ' Representative Mann of Illinois, the three surface cars in Brooklvn erlv ' berger. IS miles east of here tonight. The locomotive toppled over an em
hI(VU, H 'republican leader, said he did not be- thjs niornins. robbed their crews and bankment into the Junita river and four of nine cars in the train were de-
Wm-o ai.i .-nni.t resrh him" . 'e Mr' Pads"ett wou1'' be warranted one JUO rassenger at tne r,0ints Cf ; railed. One day coach at the rear carried the enly passengers, none of whom
Sgt. Lloyd M. Sibot, Salinas, Calif.. r " j": !" ; 7rrh l0"1' anu I,ea m a ?,von touring "V".'"
I s ?:of the naval committee, said he did
1 n- i iQFT 1 inn cnmi nma inn r nru mu
. . , .., 'not believe the passage of the bill
that but one of the two-man crew, .,. . , Tf . . 0.,
-r. v . 1.- ould help toe I uned S;ates m Lu-
could escape, Roberts pushed his com-i K , . . . . . . .
. . w 11 1 trope. He explained he had voted lor
pamon out saying, "Well, only one of K '. ... . .
1 1 , . ! the program in committee lecause he
us Sfi uui aim jui uu eu. I ..;.t 0. , ... !
Hunter icitersham. J . .,, , i
,., .....that w:l! embarrass any of our peo-1
(Ey Review Leased Wire)
BUENOS AIRES, Feb. 4. The rep
resentatives of Great Britain. France
and Italy today signed with Julio Mo
reno, acting minister of finance, the
cereal convention which for some time
bas been under negotiation. The for
eign representatives declined to affix
their signatures to the convention if
it provided for a fixed quantity of
cereals or a minimum price.
Immediately after the document was
oiCTied President Irieoven issued a de- 1
cree fixing the prices for exportation "Tf" SitS toxa". he -ports that the J car.
of cereals under the convention as foil with' h5' Platoon although ill and c.e sam . ,' OI.aul" orl 11115 Immediately on learnin
l.a. i - r. .... ie program wci;:a oe iatai 10 my
luna. i rho rcc H nn tin pTti v niannine sriin lent- . . .
negotiations.
Mann Grills Padgett
Mini iaiii til in ti i n ii uiiiris. i . uvu.u . r t- .
maize, 6 l-z pesos,
Under the American
with his platoon although ill
I nhnrp-prt nn pnpmv machine cun. kill-
Wheat 12 1-2 pesos per 100 kilos; ; ins one of the crew with a' saotgun I
oats. 7 pesos; linseed. IS pesos. andflnd rantlirine two others. Although!
. . o - .ir.
. . , (words were rot
the last unit returnea wnen ne voiun-
treasury ex
change rate the equivalents of the ex
port charge in American gold will be
respectively $5.31, $2.97, $7.64 and
12.76.
BERGER DECISION
TO BEGIVENFEB.il
(By Review Leaned Wire)
CHICAGO. Feb. 4 Federal Judge
Land's announced today at the con
clusion of arguments for and against
a motion for a new trial for Con
gressman-elect Victor L.
Milwaukee, and four other socialist
leaders recently found guilty of con
spiracy, to obstruct the draft that he
would give a decision on February 11.
teered and brought in wounded until J pajJ Mr Manu is" whether congress i
he fainted from exhaustion. , is asv:ed to vote blindlv. without in-
Maj. Oaear F. Miller. Los Angeles, j Iornla,jcn. without knowledge, with-!
Calif.. 361st Infantry, personally led a clU the lvyins ot the cards on the i
cnarge in ine Aiguuue loresi, auiiou?u j taDie. as has been frequently suggest-
shot tnrougn tne leg ana arm ana i
vntained mail and express. Several postal clerks
I ar.d express messengers suffered minor injuries.
oi tne nom-
ups. the authorities ordered the gates
J lowered at various railroad crossings
raapett replied that ail of tTie ; ,.f reo ,, hllt .. as estimated at SoO.000.
! ped out of the net and vanished.
EAST ST. LOUIS. Feb. 4. Sixteen hundred hogs were binned to death
in a fire in the hog house of Morris and company at the National stockyards
here tonight. The origin of the fire has not been determined. The damage.
used.
I NEW YORK. Feb. 4. The Bethlehem Steel company, which recently re
! fused to recognize the authority of the national war hoard, has pledged
I "loval co-oneration in carrying through two important measures with which
GROWING; 25 COO OUT'tb finding of the board dealt." according to a statement issued by the board
TEXTILE STRIKE IS
Hv Review Leasori Wire
LAWRENCE. Mass.. Feb. 4. The
strike of the textile operatives here to
1 obtain 4-hours nav for 4S hours work
i right here in Washington and the ad- j trr-- tnd.iv ft n estim.-teH tnniht
that in the city's 12 mills not more
ed bv the Dresident on an immense
when a third bullet through the adbo- aVal program when the information
men brought him to the ground con-, which would influence congress is
tinued to urge his troops rorwaru
1
bidding them leave him and push on ; ministration refuses to take congress
to the next ndse. He died or nis mto j?s confidence."
wounds. j Mr. Padjrett protested that he had
.jn. jumi n. nuiu, uutiiu, lnionnen tue nouse tuny oi me con- j wprp divided
BOSTON. Feb. 4. More than 22.00 additional operatives were granted
the 4S-hour week with 48 hours pay today by textile mills in Manchester and
Semersworth. N. H.. and Hillsgrove. R. I. Mills in Blddeford and Saco.
Maine, and Woonsocket. R. 1, ere shut down indefinitely and officials of
mills in Brunswick. Maine, intimated they would take similar action tomor-
than nrtflrt of the 30.000 workers were ' row. This throws about fcbOO more operatives out of work. '
at their places. The other 25.0PO
VipiUlCU LU mav. uiii-r feii3, niiiiun . IflllS. UUl -lr. ZHIITI reUIUHI l :iS crtno fvn rkitt
. r t noir rrpird sun lainr rum rnu una- thr 1 1- imi Att ""i - M,:m n.
sncil i5t I oners single handed only to be killed ! istration."
himself while on sniper duty. ;
AYERS APPEAL BEGUN
CONNECTICUT FIRST
TO DEFEAT DRY LAW
between strikers, per-
of work by closing j
j of mills or departments, aad those j
j who staved away to avoid trouble. All
the mills except the Everett opened J
their gates. The print w-orks of the I
IS MUCH IMPROVED ' rat'ific mil,s va3 closed tonight until !
.iouu.ty. 1
I
, WEINLfR SITUATION
WASHINGTON. Feb. 4. Discussion at the capitol of reports that
Provost Marshal General Crowder had been reprimanded by Genetal
March, chief-of-staff. led the war department to authorise a statement to
day that General Crowder's entire military record was unmarred. and
disclose the origin of the reprimand story.
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Feb. 4. Argument!
(Bv Review Iease-t Wire!
HARTFORD, Conn., Feb. 4.
MtiI IFFRAGF. MEF.TING
Con-! wnere lao merman uaiionai ; UALXXl Hi OblNA 1 UKo
commenced in the state supreme court ! necticut. through the action of .its ! assembly is to meet on Thursday, is ;
legislature todav. is the first state to -snowing mareu improM-menis. u is Rv nvifw , wir.,
decline to ratify the federal prohibi- belieed that the local revolutionary j WASHINGTON. Feb. 4. Upon peti
tion amendment. . Leci!at.rs of 44 body does not propose to permit t';e;tion cf i democratic senators favo
R;ate voted for the amendment, h : ""'-"a'"0"1, to become acute. : jnc tne woman suffraee resolution
situation to become acute.
A d .! i t i 01 1 a 1 government
tj Koiiovoi th.it tn.!. iv' action derin- .-.u 1, lo.iai s.oM-numi.1 iriA'ps Mr" I pending in the senate. Senator Martin
itely defines the attinld of this tate. : riveJ later 011 s:r.'y.-ar.d these withipf Virginia, the democratic leader, to-!
: jthe force. beir.g t-!!cteJ at points ,1;iy railed a conference of democratic
SEATTLV:. Wash.. Feb. 4. Seattle labor unions, defeated so far in
their attempt to secunv a general strike in Tacoma and other inmits. and
with their own membership here not unanimous in favoring the step, an
nounced late tonight through their strike conference committee that all
was in readiness for a general strike here at 10 a. m. Thursday. This
strike involves, it is estimated. 65.000 workers.
today on the appeal of Isaac Ayers
from the decision of the superior court
of Pima county, from which he w-as
sentenced to a terra of a year and a
these desires, while preserving to the balf on a charge of which alleged
major powers such voice as their larg- Perjury in connection with a petition
er interests and responsibilities war-lfor the reca11 of one of the county su
rant. 'pet-visors.
c. Evidence was introduced in the: , suMci-T.tly stronc to rtotcct any at-: sider the ouestion. Alt housh suffraee
The cfficial statement on the pro-' Fima court to prove that Ayers had! ibv Review Loa T'i-e tempt to interfere with the national supporters conceded that any resolu-!
ceedines of the suDreme council Eworn 10 the authenticity of certain) LONDON. Feb. 4. The threatened assenit'y. iTemter Lben. i haipu , tiou adopted could net be binding upon
da. I signatures on the petition and that the strike of railway clerks has been : fcfieidemar.n. t.ustav Noske. H err opposition senators they said
. 1 . v m 1 . ..a i Ji . T . T-v 1. .... . . . . . 1 ! 1 i:Ai f 1 . i..-v .. .r . .. . c -
TT nresident of the United 't 1 " ul 'ii sere iu'o ji jjv-, iu. ivufwin' ...
yi " I r;r. who hsl bn 8sTl a BUreher OT j reijed the remjr.itiTi of th railway ernr.-.ev.t left f.r Weia'ar this mom
(Continued on Fe Two) Jyears. cleiks' union i;is.
LONDON STRIKE AVOIDED.
east cf Weimar, i.iv believed to be ; lne,niers for tomorrow night, to con-!
surrici-r.t'y stronc to dolcct any at-. s;,ir the question.
PARIS. Feb. 4 Ry the Associated Press). The American federation
cf labor delegation, headed by Samuel Gomprrs. slated toni&ht that they
had refused to attend the international labor conference at Perne be
cause the delegation had been instructed by several of the American labor
organisations to present their demands to the peace conference, which
already has in view international legislation projects and is not likely to
be influenced by the Peine convention.
it was
1 desired to record th fact that a m
Ijority of democrats fnvor the reMu
' Hon
CHICAGO. Feb. 4. An ante mortem accusation ""ras tnad today by
Mrs. Cecil Haensel. IS year old Christmas brida of Arthur HaenH. a dis
chaiged soldier cf the e'shty-mth division, .that her husband had ahot
her and her motber. The pol'eo said thr had been a quarrel ovr
possession of Haensel's government iusuratic papers. "I hopa h hants !"'
exclaiinKl the young wire ho suvcumhd a tew hours afterward to bullet
wound in her brs. x
4 1 YTV
THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1919.
VIlAWBiPSEV S2.26 WHEAT PLAN UTAH DELEGATES
arraiiced; PRESENTED HOUSE! to arrive today
MATCH
Y. A. DeFord. representing William
OR. ERLO E. KENNEDY DIES.
DENVKi; rolj Ftb 4 nr fvi.-v!r- Hearst, sent to the committee
Kennedv
st
tho committee's fiies without beinic '
primed. .
u oecidt'd i;s executive session.
Clyde 1 St son of New York, presK
reached an oral agreement with "Tex"
Rickard, whereby he matched Demp-
sey to meet Jess Willard tor 27.500,
By Revirw Ltaml Wire , - - (Rr Review Leased Wir
NEW YORK. Feb. 4 Jack Kearns. , 'WASHINGTON, Feb. 4 Grain deal-
masager for Jack Dempsey. tonight i ers. exporters and millers today pre-
mittee varied suggestions for methods
of carryins out the eovernment's euar-
and one-third of the motion picture j antee to producers of a bushel
ngau. ine ume ana piace ci tne , ror the 1919 wheat crop. All agreed
match were not fixed. that the true market price as de-
Both Kearns and Rickard agreed to termined by world conditions, would
post $5000 when the agreement is j drop below" the guaranteed rate and
signed on Dempsey's arrival here from j that the government should make
Salt Lake. Rickard will post 25 per i good the difference directly rather
ceni oi uempsey s eore eu days oe-1 than by maintaining artificially- the
fore the bout. higher price.
Tnder the -present agreement, the The witnesses also agreed that the
total amount of the purse reaches j existing United States grain corpora
$127,500, the largest sum ever offered I tion, or some similar bodv should be
tor a puguisuc encounter as it is , maintainor 9 th
. secretary of the Colorado : i-arapaiets ccntam:r.g excerpts from 'JVJi' 4 t v. i (.....,..!.,. ...
ate orard of health died at his homo' editorials ar.i -;rt.r. ,.!., i "-441'. ol '-.ue u. ;-poi a at'.-i
ero thi, aftn,n r' nneiminnia n v. , . . writings cy Jnies M. Heck of New writers, toe only witness xaoi-
-' 111,3 aueraon c. pneumonia, Hei,tarst nnhliratirma dsum! , s...K-... , .. . . . ... - ... . . . . . .
h;i ben in hut fiv Hiv - . : r...-vI . u.a-. .;iv. iv ix? iu:icc a pn 01 me reo- ;ii?u loaav. rend resolutions adopted
i He' w1 widel ILt'n'in medical i 5 f?tl I ' as a unter-irritar.t by the City Editors' association V
,.f ,nr,i . ' .ui ,ii me) oe i senator woicott objected, say ins It proves a law rtviuirinc an KntlisA
irii v 1 1 . aro ut iur o i ti i c it xi tl I
I has
held his position cu
cara or nealth for several vears
He wps clerk of the house of rep
resentatives during two democratic
administrations. . .
" I'y Review leased VVire
FHOENIX. Feb. 4 Tlie legislature
today prepared to receive the .dele
gates ariointed by Governor Bam
berger of Utah which is expected to
arrive tomorrow on its mission of! AVIATOR FALLS TO DEATH.
opening negotiations for the acquir- iRy Review leased Wire)
ing of Utah of that part, of Arizona HAYTON. Neb.. Feb. 4- Lt. Gravan-
north of the Grand Canyon. . ni Pirelli. 22. of the aerial service of i
The comniitee nominated by Cover-j Ita,ian array while on a test riicht
nor Campbell was approved bv the I frcni ICook field this afternoon fell;
... . - '
maoe a part or the record. Senator
tho state Overman suggested, in view of their
volume that they be made a part of
would be unfair to record the Beck
comments.
The committee left the question tolguage pjpers
tracsin.tion of editorials
i items appearing in the
and news
foreign lan
$6500 mere than the Johnson-Jeffries
purse.
No value can be fixed upon the mov
ing picture rights at present. The
syndicate of moving picture men who
paid $150,000 for five-sixths of the
Johnson-Jeffries rights, collected $375.
000 on their venture.
COMPLETED PROJECT
OF LEAGUE IS
DISCUSSED!
(Continued from Page One)
the prime ministers and ministers of
foreign affairs of the United States,
the British empire. Ftance. Italy and
Japan met this morning at Quai
d'Orsay. from 11 to 1 o'clock. M.
Yenizeios made a statement regarding
Greek territorial interests in Asia
Minor.
covemment s
agency for supporting the price to
growers. They differed as to meth
ods to be prescribed by legislation,
which the committee is preparing to
draft.
The grain dealers proposed that
the corporation actually buy tne grain
at $2.26. sell it to millers or others con
sumers at a price dictated by world
markets, and acquire the country's
surplus for export- The exporters
suggested that the corporations fune
tions be limited to paying farmers the
difference between the government
price and the market price at which
the grain wass old. without actuaily
taking possession, and consequently
without piling up a great quantity for
eiporL j
The millers were interested mainly
in' having the corporation given au
thority to protect millers against
losses growing out of the falline of
j the wheat price from the present arti
The following resolution was ap-'Ilciai ievel 10 tne true world price and
rroved:
"It is agreed that the question
raised in the statement by M. Yenize
ios to the Greek territorial interests t
in the peace settlement shall be refer- j
red for examination the first instance !
to an expert committee composed of
me iiuctuanons in tne world nrice
before it becomes stable under the
corporation's management.
LT.-GEN. JOHN BATES DIES J
1 By Review Leased Vire
SAN DIEGO. Califs Feb. 4. Lt.-Gen.
States America: he BriuJh em i . -"red.
pire. France and Italy! It shall be the j d,ed here rly today, aged .9 years.
duty of this committee reduce the COLOGNE PAPERS SUPPRESSED
questions for decision within the nar-j ,
rowest possible limit and make recom-; Rn!I IV rv.,, , t- .v
BERLIN.
; Associated
Press.) The British mili-
mendations for a just settlement. The
... . . . itary authorities, according to reports
with the representatives of the peo-; y, "1 . r . .. . ' . ' 4
. . here, have prohibited the publication
pies concerned. ,lf th 7,. .k ,
rill take place ! ,. wf.. . . r
'The next meeting wi
tomorrow. Wednesday. February 5. at
3 p. when the Ciecho-Siovak dele
gates will be heard."
THIEF RING STEALS BONDS
days.
about 200 feet in Wright field and was i
ins'antly killed
PLOT FOR REVOLUTION
IN AMERICA CHARGED
BY SENATORS; TO PROBE
senate, while the house named a com
mittee of its own to meet the Utah
representatives.
The governor's committee is com
posed of: A. C. Peterson speaker of the
house; C. YY. Herndoa. representative
from Mohave, which county is con
siderably interested ia the matter,
and Y. A. Moeur, state land commis
sioner.
Up to the present Utah's proposal '
to buy or acquire by .exchange thei p
strip or northern Arizona has met ' sub-committee as authorizing inquiry
with but little favor in the Thoetix ' into the activities of the f YY.
legislature, while Governor Campbell which organization was referred to
some time ago said that the original by Str.ator- Thomas of Colorado in the
proposal rrom Governor Bamberger ! senate discussion as criminal." Sn-
was not taken seriously by him.
lContimi"U from fage One)
;ator Kellogs declared that the I. YY.
VV. was seekine to wreck th srivri-.-
GERMAN DYE WORKS SEIZED, j ment by fJrce.
: I Tae new inquiry by the Overman
i'y Review leased Wire) .committee was ordered as the com-
BERLIN, Feb. 4. By The Assoc!-! mittee was concluding its long In
ated Press) The French forces of ! vestigation cf brewery and German
occupation, according to a special dis-1 propaganda, a report on which now '
patch to the Yossische Zeitung from ! probably will be deferred. What was i
Franktort-on-the-Maine. have taken j to have been a final meeting of the '
possession of the Hochter dye- and
chemical works and French chemists
are working with German chemists in
putting out dyes and certain chemical
sub-commutee. was held today, but
it got into action at once toward pro
ceeding with the new, investigation.
v nen ipe committee met earlv to-
10 o? exportea to anted countries. ! uay a long discussion was started by
Shipments of the chemicals to points'811 anirouncement by Senator Overman
in Germany have been prohibited. jthat Secretary Baker had refused to
. j five th committee information ton-
. MILLIKEN LEAVES 120.C0O.CC0. .cerning-an investigation by the war
'department cf allege! prc-German
' HA" Re-iew leased Wire sentimeotA of F. J. H. van Encelken.
i-uui). rc"- me wm ot former Dresident of th fHAmi frm
ST.
John T. Milliken. manufacturing chem-j loan bankat Columbia. S. .C
.v. f.cui ua cm ueaier ana tormeri Bakers Letter Read
gold mine owner, who died January After the discussion had continued
31. was filed for probate this after-j seme time and Mr. Baker had been
noon, irusiees say is disnoses of an : sp(:p v ritii-i fi- fc.o
estate in excess of $20,000,000.
Who
RAIN HALTS TEXAS SHOOT
Ilv Review Leasel AVire
j HOUSTON. Texas. Feb. 4 Rain in-
iRv Renew Leased v."ire j teref erred with the Sunny South trap
PHOENIX. Ariz, Feb. 4. A thief ghocticg tournament program todav.
ring in Phoenix is making a specialty 1 the schedule being deferred until to
ot ?t?a!ing Liberty bonds, according : morrow when an effort will be mad
to Chief of Police George O. Brisbois.
"Ye have discovered a new type of.
thief." said Chief Brisbois today, j
"They confine themselves to Liberty j
bonds. The cases are extremely dif-
ficult to cope with and I advise ev-j
k 1
to stage two days program in one.
CHASE DECISION REACHED
err body having Liberty
home to put them in some safe place.
bonds , at
OVER-ACIDITY a
n
01 tae stomacn b&s upset tssxr; e
nisnt'aresL II ycur stomach U mtLA
disturbed cissolve two cr three
BH-2iBl
on the tongn before retgmg and en
joy refreshing sleep. The parity and
yoodness ol Kinoid guaranteed by
SCOTT & BOWNE
MAXXR3 OF SOCTTS EJAJLSIOM
11 - - "
By Review Leased Wire)
NEAY YORK, Feb. 4. John A. Hey
ler. president of the National leaeue.
j announced tonight that he had reach-
r a UCV.131U1; iu iue case 01 nai cnase.
I Cincinnati first baseman, which was
: heard here last Thursday on grave
j charges preferred by his club. Mr.
! Heydler stated that he would an
i nounce his findings tomorrow, when
I he would make public all details of the
case, including the nature of the
charges.
1
j SINN FEINERS ESCAPE JAIL
i Br Review I-;ised Wire)
- LONDON. Feb. 4. Prof. Edward de
Yalera. the Sinn Fein leader, and Mil
. rcy and McGarey, also Sinn Fein
members of parliament, escaped from
the prison at Lincoln last night, ac
cording tc a dispatch from Lincoln to
the Evening News.
9
HOW MANY WOMEN
DO YOU KNOW
can say they are perfectly
well? "I am tired all the time." "I
am so nervous it seems -as though I
should fly." I can hardly drag around
today. and all such expressions are
characteristfc of women who have
overtaxed their strength until hsad
aches. backache, nervousness, xlrae-
ging-down pains, irregularities and theUaer notoriety.
blues, symptoms of a female weak-j The report of the military ime Ill
ness, have developed. Women who are gence division cf the army, according
in this condition may rely upon Lydia j to an excerpt quoted by Mr. Baker.
E. Pinkham's Yegetable Compound to ' said that Mr. von Engelken was loyal
restore them to health and strength, jto the' "United States, although ' his
Adv. I conduct prior to the entrauce of this
I ccuntry into the war, as well as since,
attitude.
Jus letter to Chairman Overman vas
read. . .The secretary wrote that he
would permit the committee or its
counsel to examine the record of Mr.
voa Engelken to determine its use
fulness to the inquiry, but added that
he did not believe the informatiou
would be of the "slightest assistance."
"I do not send the file," Mr. Baker
wrote, ."hut rather take this course
because I know you wish to protect
an apparently guiltless man from fur-
LEAGUE DATES ANNOUNCED.
iffy Review Leased Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 4. The di
rectors of the',. Pacific, Coast baseball
league concluding their annual meet
ing here tonight, announced they had
adopted the double umpire system for
the 1919 season. The schedule for the
opening games is: m
Seattle in San Francisco; Portland'
in ics .Angeies; Oakland in Sacra
mento and rernon in Salt Lake City.
The season will be opened in San
Francisco on April S and iu the north
on April 22 when Oakland will plav
Seattle and Yernon at Portland.
has caused him to be a much criti
cized mas.
The cmmittee took no action
Mr. Baker's proposal.'
women's and
at Greatly
Children's
Reduced Prices
Sweaters
Stylish and servicable are these pretty sweaters for women and children Here vou
will fmd sweaters of every style, size and quality. s:id in any cclor. Hundreds of them
in .is m m tms icr cuuarn to 4b fcust measure foi
women.
m-guiar sweaters, now
Regular 52.50 sweaters. now
Regular $4.0Q sweaters, now
Regular $4.50 sweaters. now
Regular $5.00 sweaters, now
Regular J5.50 sweaters, now
Regular $6.00 sweaters, now
REDUCED AS FOLLOWS:
$150 Regular ST 00 sweaters, now
SI. 87 Regular ST-SO sweaters, now
$2.67 Regular $$.50 sweaters, now ...
$3.00 Regular $10.00 sweaters, cow
...$3.35 Regular $12.50 sweaters, now
$3.85 Regular $16.50 sweaters, now
$-00 ' Regular ?20.0; sweaters, now
...$4.35
... $5,00
...$5.66
... $6.67
... $S.S5
$11.00
$13.35
THIS IS THE LAST DAY OF THE 2 PRICE BLOUSE SALE
and if they sell like they did the last two days we will run cut long before the store
closes today. All good styles, in georgette, crepe de rhino, satins and tub s;ks. Yalues
?..0 and up. TODAY, 2 PRICE.
1. - - r i
SALE OF MEN'S SHIRTS AT $1.39 OR 3
FOR$i.C0
GENUINE SHIRT BARGAINS are the fine "Emery."
.r.g!e. ar.d "Vanhat;an brands cf Shirts, These names
our
to
td
id
iresh. Materis's inoUido Madras. Pvrca'.es nd Russian
caras. A complete s;e range trcin !4 to llj. All gcxvl
patterns; soft and s;i:f cuffs. Yaluos up to $250. Special
at $1.39 or 3 for $4.00,
ktfl ft : riUs'. -;iiJltrv speak tor tho shirts Y are cleaning out
ii;'-1 1 ' iVk'':Vitk. ."' l 5 Vi-v"A shelves for new shins nd ofier tl.ese at this price
f fihv- ;r;WAV V.U'b-A nuke room' for the new oaos. A few slif'.ulv muss.
ktfjVr- ' VLJh-''. s f?Pm handling. Others risht cut of the box. clean at
eels an
chesting
Reduced
on
i
This Company is authorized by law to perform
all the functions of Administrator, Executor,
Guardian, Trustee, Receiver, Etc.
In any fiduciary capacity we are at your serv
ice.
Correspondence invited or personal interviews.
'ICY
. -'V rach CM-w "
S . . --: --. r
9 ' Uwarc 't eotaterHatm
GRIP, IHFLOEnZA
HarallK's Wizard Oil a R.lUbU,
, AntUptle Prsvantlv
Durirj influenza epidemic spray
the nose and throat several times a
iay with one part Wizard Oil and
two parti water, using an atomizer;
If you haven't an atomizer, gargle
the throat and snuff the mixture up
the nose. This treatment seta np an
antiseptic wall of defense against
'Flu" germ.
Chesty colds and sore throat lead
5?r. Srift Stop them at once with
Wizard 03 before they can develop
into dangerous influenza.
Get it from druggists for 30c If
not satisfied, return the bottle and
get your money back.
Ever constipated or have sick head
ache? Just try Wizard Liver Whip
pleasant little pink sills. 30c at drug.
Cists. Guaranteed.
63x90 BLEACHED SHEETS, Regular
$1.35 Values, for $1.12
Standard quality,' Pallas bleached, fine soft finish,
torn and hemmed; no dressing. Regular $1.35 value,
special $1.12
81x90 BLEACHED SHEETS $1.59
Standard quality, Sl90. ' Potomac bleached skeets.
fine grade, torn and hemmed; no dressing. Regular
$1.75 value, special - 51.59
90x99 HEMSTITCHED SHEETS
$2.12V2
Standard quality, extra large sue. 0x9i. torn and
hemmed, very fine quality, hemstitched. Reenter
?:E0 values. Special , $2.12' .
BLEACHED SHEETING 2 YARDS
WIDE, 78c YARD
Fine sett fi-.iish sheet ins. r.o d'-ossir.R, mado of best
American cotton. Regular T'5c value, special, yd. 7Sc
BLEACHED SHEETING, 2li YARDS
. WIDE, S3c YARD
Fine soft finish sheeting; no dressing; made of best
American cottou,
values, special, yd.
i1 yards vude. Regular
$1.00
...83c
45 INCH BLEACHED TUBING,
SPECIAL, 45c YARD
Fi-.e srrade tubfng. soi't finish, no dressing; made of
cost grade- American cottcn. 45 iuehes wide. Reguiar
tiOe aiue, special yard .1.45c
The New Spring
Here
A fit for every fig-
' TODAY
Copper Queen Hotel and High-Class Cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month. $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine. Weber & Co, Boston. Duluth. Calumet.
LOGAN &. BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
I, tneraore, sgain call upon
the people cf the United States
to make even more generous
contributions than thry have
made heretofore to N
help re-establish theseancient
and sorely oppressed people in
their former homes on a self
Supporting basis.
9
1 -
THE WHITE HOUSE.
29 November, ISIS
1
ARIZONA
Ef
or $150,000 February 10-IL
GIVE That
Others May LIVE. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1919.
ARIZONA AUTOMATIC
AIR ASSOCIATION
. HOLDS MEETING
L JUVESTOCK
The annual rnwtin? of the stock
holders of the Arizona Automatic Air
association was ht-U at the city hall,
Thursday nUtt. January 30. 1919.
with, a lars.e crowd in attendance.
Jieorts made by the directors showed
the company to be to better phsical
and financial condition tUan ever, and
from all appearances the outlook for
the future is really good, as favorable
cffers have betn made recently from
several concerns to buy the patent or
manufacture ou a royaltr basis. A
resolution from ttie directors siieest-
iuz a chanse of the name of the com
pany to Canion Air Urate company
was unanimously carried, and in the
future the business will be conducted
In the new name.
The old directors of the company
were re-elected unanimously as fol
lows: W. G- Canion, president; R.
Shoeweter. vice president; Harry W.
Aiken, secretary; William R. Gunn
treasurer, and Albert Emmord.
Mr. Canion is a Bisbee mas. and if
now in position 'to become nationally
known through his invention. He has
been recently elected a member ol
the National Institute of Inventors
and his name has been placed on the
roll by order of the board of gover
nors.
Mr. Saoenweter is president of the
Universal Machinery Co., Baltimore
r.ere the brake so far ha3 been man
ufactured. Mr. Emmord is interested
in the automobile industry in Ealti
more. Mr. Gunn and Mr. Aiken, botfc
Lisbee men, have been in the employ
o,' the Phelps Dodge corporation for
several years.
FOR YEAR ELECTED
M
The annual business meeting and
election of officers of the Young Wo
men's Christian association, which
was held last night, resulted in a
board composed of Mesdanies F. E.
Shine, F. .M. Hatter. E. A. Crocker,
F. L. Houston, A. G. McGrepor and
X. C. Bledsoe being chosen. Mesdames
C. A. Bailty and Frances Cummings
are the retiring board members.
hTTf.OU
ai 1Mb
!
HOOVER
iPv TV-view I-e.-ised Wire)
WASHINGTON'. Feb. 4. A govern
ment regulated monopoly of the meat
industry was advocated by livestock
producers today before the senate ag
riculture committee and the house in
terstate commerce committee as the
The election was preceded by a ! onl" nieans of satisfying both the pro-
WARREN INFLUENZA
SITUATION IMPROVED
The influenza situation in the War
ren district has shown constant im
provement during the last few days
according to the records of John Wohi
schleeel, county quarantine officer, ol
new quarantines placed and those
raised.
Within the last few days the homes
of Dave White, Jiggerville; Mrs. Jant
English, South Bisbee; George Gil
man. Warren; R. A. Martin. Warren;
Mr. Isaacson and Mr. Cleveland, John
son addition, have been placed undei
quarantine for influenza.
Quarantine for influenza was raised
during theame period on the homes
of C. W. Boswell, F. EL Irving and
U. G. Gerrish. Warren; R. J. Brown
and Mr. Munce. Johnson addition;
Mr. Clement, Warren; Dick Brandon
Don Luis; J. E. Johnson. Bakerrille;
Pat Walsh. Warren, and J. H. Perry,
Warren. "
Mrs. Purser, who was at the deten
tion hospital sutiering with chicken
pcx. also has been released from quarantine.
Pulling a pan of boiling grease
from the stove, the small son of Mr.
and Mrs. E. C. Harmon was seriously
burned about the head. face, neck and
nns yesterday afternoon in the rooms
of his parents in the Jakob Schmid
building. Mrs. Harmon, who attempt-
ed to catch the pan and keep the ! -Y
i : : .1 t r , V - -. : i 1 . ' ii
uuiu iiuiu Miifting me cu..u, w aa j .
badly, burned on the hands and arms, ii
SECOND SUPERIOR
COURT HERE SOUGHT
Senator D. C. O'Neil is understood
here to have, started an inquiry amont
the members of the upper and lowei
house of the state legislature at Phoe
nix in order to determine the feasibii
ity of passing at this session of the
legislature a bill for the establish
nient or a second superior court m
this county. Should the prospects
look faTorable for its passage. Senator
O'Neil is understood to intend intro
ducing it.
Under the state law counties having
more than- 43,(mm) population are en
titled to a second court, the law sped
lying mat counties ot 31J.lM.10 or un
der shall have one superior court
judge but any county shall be entitled
to another if its residents number an
additional 3'V-mm or major fraction
thereof.
WILLCOX
SCHOOL
DISPUTE
SETTLED
The tangle which for a time threat
ened to disrupt the public school at
Willcox. finally has been adjusted by
Miss Elsie Toles. county school super
intendenL L. EL Goodding. principal
of the grammar school, who whipped
three Boy Scouts because they refused
td take off their hats in salute when
the flag was raised on the school
grounds, was exonerated and will re
tain his position. Oliver Scow, head
of the Bey Scout organization and
member of the school board, resigned
rather than take part in the exonera
tion of Goodding, it is reported.
business meeting at which Mrs. C. W.
Allen, the president, presided. Mrs.
C II. Hunt, treasurer of the board,
read her report, which was followed
by a report from Mrs. A. W. Colton,
general secretarv.
The report of the finance conference
at Los Angeles, for the Pacific coast
field, was given by Mrs. C. H. Hunt.
Miss Bernice McCurdy read the report
of the girls" secretary. The cafeteria
report was given by Mrs. EL A. Crock
er, bne said tnat it was expected
soon to have the cafeteria reopened
for business.
A musical program under the direc
tion of Miss Sallie McCall followed.
FIVE WARREN BOYS
WRITE FROM FRANCE
E. B. Wallace has received letters
recently from Tom Carretto, Tom
Doyle, Walter Freeman. Webb Hicks,
Joe Schmalzel and Charles HuisL
popular young men of the Warren dis
trict who now are serving with the
American army of occupation in Ger
many. All except Freeman, who is
an infantryman, belong to the 340th
Field Artillery.
The young men had been in the
trenches 10S days before the signing
of the armistice and participated in
much of the heaviest fighting. Since
the armistice they had marched . in
heaw order more than
ducer and the consumer and prevent
ing the cattle business from being de
stroyed.
George Armstrong, cattleman of Ft.
Worth, Texas, recommended to the
senate committee that legislation be
enacted which would give the govern
ment control of the entire industry
and permit it to fix the prices of live
stock, meat and labor. He said both
producers and consumers had just
grievances apainst the present sys
tem and that only government inter
vention would prevent continued agita
tion. Edward C. Lasater, member of the
legislative committee of the National
Livestock association, and former
chief of the livestock and markets
division of the food administration,
told the house committee that the
cattle industry would be destroyed if
the government did not take steps
immediately towards assuring the pro
ducers a just profit. He declared
that more cattlemen were facing bank
ruptcy today than at any other time
in the history of the industry, and that
government ownership was the only
solution of the problem.
Mr. Lasater charged that the food
administration was responsible for
i large losses suffered by livestock pro
ducers. He said the packers were as
sured a good profit on everything they
handled, but when the producers ask
ed for the same privilege Food Ac
willing to make some sacrifice to aid
the country to win the war.
The witness said the result was that
the credit ot the producers was tie-
i st roved and that they had lost so
niuon money mat tney now were
forced to sell almost all their calves
with consequent threat to the future
meat supply.
"Mr. Hoover seemed to have every
one's interests at heart except the pro
ducers." he stated. "He treated them
unfairly from the start. He even went
so far as to tell the allies the meat
supply of the country was much great-
j er than it was and invited piem to or
der as Heavily as mey uesireu. tie
so manipulated the situation that Eng
land shows an increase in her cattle
during the war while ours is greatly
decreased."
400 miles, ex-1 . . , ... ..,,,, k
periencing considerable hardship since!""' " """" ?-" "c
going to France.
The local boys expect to be on gar-
Sv 'ffi MALTED
Ni I EST QUALITY I
TireJ out? Herd day's
work? A glas of l?ordi"s
on the way home refreshes
and satisfies. All fountains.
Insist Btrden'selreys.
It'i the impnvtd Mai:edMM.
ZTHtzmpuavEii
MALTED MILK. 1
rison duty for several months before
being able again to set foot on Amer
ican soiL
CHILD BURNED BY GREASE
v;
ROOSEVELT MEMORIAL
MEETING AT EL PASO
1 1
M
fBv Review Lnsfl Wire)
EL PASO. Texas. Feb. 4. A Roose- '
velt memorial meeting will be held i ,
"aere Sunday afternoon as a part of ',
the national Roosevelt memorial move-; !
nent. Gov. Thomas E. Campbell of ! L
rizona. was invited to be one of th;
wo speakers but had accepted a rre-i -
nous invitation to deliver a similar
iddress at Tucson Sunday. Senator!
Albert B. Fall, of New Mexico, will 1
be the other speaker. Rough Riders i
are Deing mviiea to attena tne meet
ing from Arizona and Xew Mexico, in
vitations having been sent to Lt. Col.
John A. Greenway of Bisbee, Maj. W.
H. H. Llewellyn of Las Cruces. form
er Gov. Joseph Curry. Socorro. X. M.;
Col. James H. McClintock, Phoenix,
and Morgan Llewellyn of Las Cruces.
Far CZronsuif 77s etcafe S&im of
Face and Acc&, Aiwuy Im
MARINELLO
Lettuce Cream
It rerr.o-e the hidden dirt and accn
Tnuli. iou of r:a.:e matter better than soap
i i-.a ws:fr. iTt-vents irrit&tion and gives
i.iC -iciT io 3urai (t!ow of health.
I s-d r.wf recoTsunended by more than
SAMPLE FREE
McDonald's Marinello
Shop Phone 305
GREAT CLEARANCE
Sale Dresses,
Waists and Underwear
EVERY GARMENT IN THE
STORE WILL BE SOLD
AT LESS THAN COST
Including the new spring styles
will go in this "sale.
WE MUST RAISE $5,000
to pay on our loss by burglary.
WE WILL ACCEPT LIBERTY
BONDS AND W. S. S.
SAME AS CASH
FRUITMAN'S
ASHION SHOP y. :
Opp. American Express Co.
Phone 74 - - Main St.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
V-i ?i p 'Mtp
r
II II .1
r
L-Z3
u
'SBj The Greatest Name In.'Coolind
PLANES TO RESUME
COAST TRIP TODAY
PHOEXTX. Ariz.. Feb. 4 Lt. R. O.
Searle, commanding the squadron of
four airplanes, two of which were i
damaged in landing here Sunday last
on their arrival from Ellington field,
Texas, announced tonight that threw
of the machines probably would con
tinue their journey to the coast tomor
row afternoon. Their next landing
place will be Yuma.
Lieutenant Searle said that one of
the two damaged machines had been
repaired, its broken propeller blade
having been replaced with a new
part from Ellington field. The other
plane, however, which turned com
pletely over in making a landing in
the mud. is still out of commission
and it has not yet been decided wheth
er to wait for new parts from the
home base or ship it back by rail.
i
When your head aches, it is usually
caused by your liver or stomach getting
out of order. These "sick headaches"
quickly disappear as soon as the stomach'
is relieved of its bilious contents. Right
your stomach and regulate .and tone
the liver with Beecham's Pills, which
rapidly improve conditions and promptly
Help Headache
Direction of Special Value to Women are with Erery Box.
Sold by druggUta throughout the world. In boxes, lOc, 25c
ir?' t
1 Ths Flavor
p y Lasts!
1
MOU know tne
It im
realm of child
hood dreams
is a (and of
sweets.
Make some of
those dreams
a delightful
reality by
taking home
VJRIGLEV5
freguentlVe
How about
tonteht?
SEALED TIGHT
KEPT RIGHT
COLDS HHERFERE
WITH BUSINESS
Dr. Kind's New Discovery
relieves them and keep
you goiriS oa the job
nfty continuous years of almost
Unfailing checking end relieving coughs,
colds and kindred suferinss is th
proud achievement of Dr. King's New
Discovery.
Grandparents, fathers, mothers, tfcs
laddies all have used and are usinj
it as the safest, surest, most pleasant
to-take remedy they know o.
Sold by all drups'sts. 60c and $1.2C
Keep Bowels On Schedule
Late, retarded functioning throws
ths whole day's duties out of gear.
Keep the system cleansed, the appe
tite lively, the stomach staunch '-Ith
Dr. King's New Life Pills. Mildnd
tonic in action. Sold everywhere -Sc.
PAY CASK-PAY LESS
ft w H. U ? a i t:
a. v n U H
i -t m, n
W w -x u u S3 fci
ir m a Ilsi a h ii ii u s
mm ub m m mm u
a is q
n "
y? til o
PERTINENT POINTS
ARIZONA DRIVE
Every dollar subscri'jw
goes to the Reiiel
Work
All expenses are pri
vately met
All funds are cabled
through the Depart
ment of Slate
All funds are distrib
uted through Ua S.
Consuls or American
Agencies
Our Government is pre
vented from giving aid
The Red Cross is not
organized for Relief
Work in these section
FEBRUARY 10-17
WE ARE DISPLAYING A LIMITED AMOUNT,
CONSISTING OF ' PERCOLATORS, DOUBLE
BOILERS, ROASTERS, KNIVES AND FORKS,
FUDDING PANS, KETTLES, SAUCE PANS, ETC
AT A VERY REASONABLE FIGURE
J, B. ANGIUS
7
iam in,
PURE FOOD GROCER
WHERE YOU CAN DO BETTER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-16109
1
i if
E3
4s
TODAY AND THURSDAY
Strictly Fresh, Guaranteed Ejjjs
CITY DYE WORKS
Cleaning & Pressing
Phon 739.
Opp. Y. W. C A.
(00s
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
TWO DOZEN FOR $1.15
Place Your Order Now, .While They Last
We Specialize In
JEROME- '
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1123
JO
R Main Street Next to Elks' Club
PHONE MAIN 3G2
I
i man r nraitf1
TRY THE REVIEW WANT ADS FOR QUICK RESULTS
Wm
I
as Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to Yow
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply ol
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
I'M,-. r
i-j ' i
! i !
ill '
!!l .-. I
tU I
IT
Bisbee Improvement Co.
:i;i.iii:;;::;ii!';i:!iii:Ui !:j ::vf rl j, i.i . i ' t . 1 ; i;
tf ltWJt'JlllWi""..JLlW 1HWII Mlif i
I r i M ; ' i FOUR
THt B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1919.
Published Every Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated Publishing
Company
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated PreBs is exclusively entitled to the use for re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to this paper,
and also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches herein are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class
Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8, 1879.
AIHUT TO
DENTAL IS
HOUS
E
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per month ,
Three months I
Six months
Tweive months .
Sunday (our weekly) per year
suaaay (our weekly) per quarter
S .75
2.25
. 4.00
. 7.50
. 2.60
. .75
No Subscription Taken for Less Than 75c
Hold Your War Securities
The Eisbee postoftice is cashing daily war saving stamps valued at
lrom $70o to $lo00.
Lacks and brokers of the district cash every day large sums in Lib
erty bonds.
The people cf the Warren district are selling at a rapid rate their
government war-time securities.
The government needs money at this time even more urgently than
at the date of the signing of the armistice. Between two and three
millions of men are being mustered out of the army. Insurance moneys
for several hundred thousands of major and minor casualties must be
paid. Transportation of supplies to waiting troops in Europe is neces
sary. . S -'Jl
Readjustment from a war to a peace basis is as costly as the transi
tion from a peace to a war basis. The problems of reconstruction eat up
funds as ravenously as the manufacture of munitions and cannon.
Signing of the armistice does not mark the conclusion of the period
of emergency.
Flotation of a new Liberty loan drive this spring is testimony of the
government's need for funds with which to continue and conclude its
gigantic tasss incident to the making of peace.
During past Liberty bond drives the government appealed to citizens
for loans with the question: "What will your money buy if the kaiser
v. ins?" rZach man and woman-answered this question, and the answer
was reflected in an oversubscription of loans.
The kaiser didn't win. Loans of the citizens of the United States
helped defeat him.
But the obligation of the citizens of the United States in making
loans has not ended with the fall of the kaiser and the signing of the
armistice. War savings stamps of the last year issue are redeemable on
January 1, 1923, and under ordinary circumstances, despite the govern
ment's generous offer of redemption at any time, the ordinary citizen is
obligated to the government to hold his baby bonds until the date of ma
turity. The same facts hold true in relation to Liberty bonds.
Don't sell your securities. Each sale will mean that the government
must raise just that much more in the next great Liberty bond drive and
that you will have to purchase just a little more of this new obligation.
Hold your war savings securities.
Thereby profits the government and the citizen.
(By Review Los-l Wire)
PHOENIX, Feb. 4. The house went
on record today Us supporting the
principle of self-determination for
Ireland.
The resolution to this effect was
ir.tr'jducei by Mrs. Hayward and was
pcse: by a rising vote, only four
otcs being counted against it.
Bill 74, introduced by Waters,
would bar the deaf and dumb and
tnose who cannot understand English
froT. employment in hazardous oe-c-t'ations.
The measure cites as such
dangerou.-, work that relating to rail
roads and electric lines, explosives,
elcvMcrs, derricks, smelters and all
mine machinery, quarries, open cuts
and tunnels. Labor connected wita
motor tars or trucks is not classed as
hazardous.
ViolJticn by an employer of the
provisions of this bill would lay him
open to a charge of misdemeanor,
r-'mi.shal le lj a fine of from $10 to
92')'), oi a lerm of imprisonment of
lrom JO jays to six months, or both.
Aw echo of the recent influenza;
epidemic and the effect it had on thej
attendance in the publ.c schools was'
I r.;er.t has teen remitted the appellate
j court would have no further jurisdte
! tion cf appeal, except in murder cases
I he judiciary committee of the
i couse sponsored a trio of bills todav,
! as foilows:
; ml 71. regulating attorney's fees
n administration cases. Its provi
sions are similar to a statute in force
i in California.
Bill 73, patterned after the Washing
ton state code, prescribing the duties
powers and authorities of attorneys
and their methods of procedure in the
matter of liens.
Bui 75, whose intention is to admit
to the practice of law in Arizona
graduates of the university law school
This measure is copied from statues
m effect in a number of other states
CATTLE GROWERS TO
MEET FEB. 11 TO 13
iBy Review LoasevI Wire)
PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 4. The Phoe
nix chamber of commerce has perfect
ed arrangements for the hold in i? ot
the meeting here February 11 to 13 oi
the Arizona Cattle Growers' associa
tion.
Five hundred delegates are expected
ana. besides business sessions, enter
tainment on a lavish scale is planned
tor the visitors. Motor trips, theater
parties and a barbecue are on the pro
gram.
APPEALS STABBING VERDICT
fllv Review I.tased Wire.)
PHOENIX, Ariz., Feb. 4. Charles
Harris, who gives his home address
Provision i maA tht, ,.. ius ""ieiu. u.s., icaay nieu in tne
estimating school funds during terms Cw- . Jl -f" "'s con
waen the attendance has been creatly
li .-i - .--I i v;n i ; . . . i 1 . i ; I
i vi in wan i kj , uuuuui.t:u Uj r::f&. T . . . (
Legislation of the Week
Two measures, the most important to come before the Arizona legis
lature this session, will constitute the greater burden of the work in
Phoenix this week. The first of these is legislation relating to roads.
The second is lagislation for the schools.
Both are great, constructive measures, greater in importance than
any other matters pending or proposed. The entire state will benefit or
lose in the final action of the legislature.
Completion of the measures is not contemplated or expected during
the current week, but actual progress has already been made in the hand
ling of both matters, and it is anticipated in Phoenix that they will be
far advanced by the end of the week.
Conferees and committees have reached a partial agreement on the
essential features of constructive good roads legislation and a genuine and
earnest effort is" being made to reach an agreement on details. This
measure is practically assured.
Less assurance attaches to the schools legislation. Reactionary
forces are already at work in their efforts to perpetuate the antiquated
code under which the schools are now struggling. Friends of the old
factions are rearing obstacles in the path of legislators friendly to what is
known as the Peterson bill, for the removal of schools and all school
machinery from politics. How factions will divide the legislature, and
how far members will be willing to depart from the old customs, will be.
determined during this week.
While it is not probable that any actual agreement will be readied '
or a final decision arranged during the week, one thing is practically
assured. A common ground will be found from which the legislature
will move steadily either forward or backward to the right or the wrong
end. ' ....
From this week's decisions final results will be worked, and the week
may easily be considered the most important of the legislative sessions.
The Traitor From Texas
The El I'aso He.iald is not an Arizona newspaper, but it has a
large and influential circulation in this state. From Douglas, along the
El Paso Southwestern railroad, to Tucson, and from Bowie on the
Southern Pacific, to Tucson, the paper i3 received by several hundreds of
persons daily.
Yet, this foreign, invading sheet, with flaming red headlines and
with a reputation for reactionary tendencies in its home town, a republic
an paper of most radical character, dares come into "Arizona advocating
the sale of Arizona territory to the state of Utah.
It is hard to understand the position of such a newspaper, unless the
carpet-baggers who stormed the south after the civil war are called to
mind, and a mental comparison of the paper and the barnstormers of the
south is drawn. Then we have the answer.
Ki Pa.o, and the El Paso paper are concerned in Arizona only for
the busmen they secure in this state. They get no business from the
strip which the Herald would sell for this state, or the paper would not
dare advocate the sale. Ti e Herald speaks for Arizona with the same
insolence the carpet-bagger spoke for the south.
The Herald says Arizona should either develop the strip or turn
it over to Utah; it calls attention to the great reserves of the territory
under dispute.
Of coarse, what the Herald says goes, in Texas, but not in Arizona.
As a matter of fact, Arizona has developed to some extent, the strip
in question. Future years with better transportation facilities will see
greater dVw-lopment. The Grand Canyon of the Colorado is now" aa
Arizoiia on-d scenic wonder, the state has no desire to divide it with
Utah.
And it is hard to imagine an Arizonan, even a resident of the strip,
wiio would wi.sh to become a resident of Utah.
Conducting County Business
Every citizen In Cochise county is pleased, and no citizen in the
county is surprised, to haTe from the mouths of the county's supervisors
absolute assurance that all employes of the county must be efficient and
censtructive workers. This is as the county should be run from a busi
ness like standpoint.
- Members of the board declared, following a hearing Monday, when
one of their employes had been reported for alleged minconduet in office,
that hereafter employes of the county will not be tolerated under such
circumstances. They ordered a letter of reprimand forwarded to the
employe, instructing him to attend closer to his duties and the orders of
his superior.
Business method are as essential in the conduct of the county's af
fairs as in the conduct of a shoe store, a butcher shop or a corporation.
With a cl'we guard on the county's interests and with efficient men in
county offices. Cochise county ill develop rapidly. It is evident that the
Ioard intends to follow this policy and principle, and residents and tax
payers. oi Hie county are not slow in expressing their appreciation and
praise.
If Lenine should surrender to the entente he ould probably reiucst
a German mandatory for his precious person.
reduced by any epidemic. The bill
wculd require that in such cases the
lowest estimate permissible would be
that based on the average attendance
ofMhe previous term.
Dental Amendment.
The admission of dentists to prac
tice in Arizona was the subject of a
bill fathered- by Lines. He proposed
to amend the civil cede relating to'
the practice of dentistry in the state
by eliminating the necessity of ex
aminations and permitting the secre
tary of state to issue licenses to gradu
ates of reputable colleges who hold
licenses from dental boards in other
states demanding ttie same require
ments as those of Arizona. The meas
ure also would admit to practice
without formal examination dentists
who, for the five years immediately
preceding their application for ail
Arizona license, had been practicing
In other states requiring qualifications
equal to those demanded here.
Delbridge sponsored proposed legis
lation which would throw additional
safeguards around miners who are
forced to use mine hoists, buckets and
cages.TThe bill is an amendment to
the statute regulating the "working
of raises" and in its opening clause
strives to bar a user of drugs or in
toxicating liquor from operating a
Joist engine in a mine.
A bill introduced bv Burk aims to
make life easier for United States en
gineers and surveyors 'operating in
Arizona. This measure provides for
the admission to Arizona lands of sur
veyors authorized by congress and
outlines a plan of settlement of claims
of damages resulting from any such
surveys. It also sets a fine not to
exceed $50 for defacing or removing
marks of the United States geological
survey.
No-Fence Change.
Phillips, by request, brought tor
ward a measure to amend the statute
relating to no-fence districts. This
would provide for the proclaiming of
no-fence district In territory where the
majority of the taxpavers on lands
under an irrigation project containing
not less than 50.000 acres of irrigable
land, after water is available, make
application to the county board of su
pervisors. The same privilege would
be extended to sections where a no
fence district proclamation is favored
by the majority of taxpayers of any
portion of territory not less than 25.,
Of.o ceres in one compac t body, with
seventy five per cent of the land be
ing successfully irrU-rited. Under
these provisions the bill would make
it compulsory for the county super
visors to issue the no-fence order and
bar all animals from running at large.
An amendment to the penal code
was sought by Waters in his bill deal
ing with judgments on apical, pro
viding that after a certificate of judg-
viction in the superior court of Mar-
copa county on a charge of stab bins
Officer Lew Mickey while the latter
was placing him under arrest. Harris,
who has a brother. James B. Harris,
at Miami, was sentenced last August
to a term of from two to six years
following his arrest here in company
with a woman. After his conviction
the trial court. Judge R. C. Stanford,
denied his motion for a writ of prob
able cause.
TEXAS TROOPS IN NEW YORK.
. iRy Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, Feb. 4 The transport
Henry W. Mallory arrived today from
Bordeaux with 1,75:1 officers and en
listed men, including 127 sick and
wounded and five casual officers.
T'lere also were three civilian pas
sengers. The units include casual
company number 22, Texas, two of
ficers, 147 enlisted men. The army
transport Due d'Aosta. from Marseil
les with 1 J76 officers and men aboard
was reported off Sandy Hook tonight
and is expected to dock here tomor
row mornine.
SENATE PASSES
RED FLAG BILL
jpropriate $100,000,000 for the placing
: oi reiurnea iigaters on larm lauds, in
;the senate the measure passed its fiuul
: reading. It was introduced as a house
j resolution.
i
1
RAISE TELEPHONE CLASS
Ry Review Leased Wire) i
PHOENIX, Aril.. Feb. 4. The state '
issued '
hone l
done, i
unfurline nf ml nd n,. -! " ,u ne omce oi tne com-'
i - - va w tu v, n. vl 0 v 1
,- li t p v i
I rtx- T?.. i.ii.- t .... l . -; .
Pirnvviv A-i, r'K i t. ... : corporation commission today
senate today passed on "its third read-1 " t'df ' "ising ,h
in h hill AiA , . : district to class A. This was t
the flags of unfriendly nations in Ari- i " "eraon ot tne esUD-
zona. There was only one vote attest .' . Jercn,e ot a new aKlt uP to
it. that of Wilkinson. n 1 date exchange. A small exchange at
The only discussion on the measure ' ;r. , Ie near Jeron,e a,so ap
was confined to the red and black ! P
flag provision. Winsor objected to it " "
as being akin to ' putting a plaster on !
an ulcer," but, he would vote for it for j
fear of being misunderstood.
Parr's measure, offering a premium
of $10,000 to the person or company J
owning the first oil well in Arizona '
producing not less than 50 barrels of ;
oil , daily, came back from the com-!
uittee of the whole with the amend-!
ment that such production must cou-!
tinue for not less than 30 da vs. It '
was referred to the committee on j
style, revision and compilation.
The bill embodying the proposal to i
appropriate $10,000 to be disbursed bv ;
the Rocky Mountain club of New York j
in the entertainment of Arizona re
turning soldiers, sailors and marines i
was sent to the appropriations com-!
mittee.
The game refuge bill, which origin
ated in the house, passed its second I
reading in the senate and was turned !
over to tne enrolling and engrossing 1
committee. The measure would estab- (
lish a game refuge in the Catalina !
mountains. Pima and Pinal counties. A
prevision to limit the operation of the i
bill to five years was voted down. !
Bill 16 weathered its final nnssae-e ;
This measure would set aside for the j
support cf county law libraries 25 per j
cent of all fees collected by the clerk
of the superior court. ,
NewTailoring
DEPARTMENT .
We do our own designing and
cutting, and try on each garment
before completed, which ascurea
a perfect fit. Alterations, clean
ing, pressing and repairing neatly
done.
H. MICHAELS, Tailor,
With Miller SMrt and Hat Shop
Main St, Bicbee
ENDORSE SOLDIERS' LAND BILL i
iHy Review leased Wire)
PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 4. Both the
senate and house today endorsed the :
proposal of Franklin K. Lane, secre- j
tary of the interior, that congress ap-1
Vent need
-UMACflGLH
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc
Reliable House 19 Branch Storea,
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISEEE .: BREWERY GULCH
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
RnETMACnOL hss llrd
vftl cine or crunch.
RHEOf.CTIOL is not Timn-.r-t. Tt Is
an internal rtoIt. that wri with tutur
la rrss cf Lnn.larv Gout. Cirtjch.
S-lien Jointv Shoititic P.i:m. ljrcr and
KJd-wy dhwltn ariri-rs frrm Uric
rr aiir ntlicr Hd olstlae In ta li xL
nr:rfACH0L t comrini in th,
h-srt of th TivKr j;.vnt:!M hrr
tbtoomfa of r.hr.:B.iiUe rj.TCTrj Jcurniy
for trlitf.
For tfcoNe vrfco raaont Mm
to Idnk Sir:ns. v r need
ltHi:i.MAtlUU, to Ihtm.
SEXD $1.G0 TODAY
to
II. E. MACHOL
rn. chemist
Idaho Springs, Col.
Tor m tinrtlc f tkl
W oaderf at Ktairdr
V
j.' ai pi
X k
"A SPLENDID TONIC "
Siji Hixson Lady Who, On Doe
tor's Adrice, Took Cardui
AndlsNowWelL
FLOWER OF FRANCE
FREELY OFFERED FOR
FREEDOM'S SAKE
Six millions of the youth and chiv
alry of France have been offered that
Freedom-might live. The world will
ever remember this heroic sacrifice
and outpouring of the blood of its
youth. It is likewise not unmindful
of the preat service to the world ren
dered by the French peasants who
have given it a perfect remedy for
stomach, liver and intestinal ailments,
relieving, it is said, incalculable suf
fering:, ' saving thousands of lives and
preventing innumerable surgical opera
tions. The ingredients are imported
and placed on sale in this country
over the name of Mayr's Wonderful
Remedy by Geo. H. Mayr, a leading
Chicago chemist. It is a simple, harm
less preparation that removes the ca
tarrhal mucus from the intestinal i
tract and allays the inflammation j
which causes practically all stomach.!
liver and intestinal ailments, includ-1
ing appendicitis. One dose will con- j
vince or money refunded. I
Sold by Lowell Drug company and
druggists everywhere. dv
A Correction
The Special on Eggs at 60c per dozen, was ad
vertised by mistake on part of the Review,
under the name of J. B. Angius, the Cash
Grocer.
THE JOHNSON MEAT COMPANY,
Main Street, Next to Elks' Club
Are holding this special sale on Eggs, as ad
vertised in this issue of The Review.
Blxson, Tenn. "About 10 years aga
I was..." says Mrs. J. B. Gadd. of
this place. "I suffered with a rain la
tny left side, could not sleep at night
with this pain, always In the left
aide...
My doctor told me to use CarduL I !
took one bottle, which helped me and
after my baby came, I waa stronger
and better, but the pain was still
there.
I at first let it go, but began to get
weak and in a run-down condition,
ao I decided to try some more Cardui.
which 1 did.
This last Cardui which. I took mada
me much better, la fact, cured me. It
has been a number of years, still I
have no return of this trouble.
I feel It waa Cardui that cured me,
and I recommend It as a splendid fe
male tonic."
Don't allow yourself to become
weak and run-down from womanly
troubles. Take CarduL It should sure
ly help you. as It has so many thou
sands of other women in the past 40
years. Headache, backache, sideache,
nervousness, sleeplessness, tired-out
feeling, are all signs of womanly trou
ble. Other women get relief by taking
Cardui. Why aot you? All drucrlsts.
NC-1SJ
t
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
1.
I
8 i
s
cial
Sale
EH
i i --
JfiiSliL
Today and Thursday
Men's Stetson and Knox Hats. Those are broken
lots from our full stock, in all the best shapes and
gcod colors. Come in all sizes, from 6 '4 to 1Yz
This is an opportunity you cannot afford to mis?.
Come early and secure one of these excellent val
ues. Regular $5.00, special $3.95
4
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
- Patronage
PHONE 58
A Trial Solicited Prompt Deliver;
Standard Latmdrj
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE'
A. OWERS. Mgr.. Bakervilla
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO
Warehouse & OQce Opposite Depa
PHONES 640 and 58.
Chicken Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
. INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED COIilP'i
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
C H. HOGAW
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
i C. H. HOGAW
1
i
In Preparing
Specifications :
: ; it makes a whole lot of differ
ence what kind of lumber you
i use. If the lumber is to come
lifrom us, you can figure on
i quantities much closer than if
! vou don t spcciiv us. 1 here
is no waste to our lumber. It
can be used to the last inch.
If your plans are as right as
our lumber your building will
be a dandy.
Bisbee Lumber Go.
(Incorporated)
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
Low-oil Car Stop. Phone 25
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RtSULTS THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5 1919."
-
- 1
J
.7
1
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under tils head at the rate of 1 cent per word each issue, with a minimum charge of 5 cents.
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than S p. tn. for insertion in next morning's paper.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Solicitor,
works.
Call City Dye
:so ;
WANTED Experienced help for tail
oring. Only those who ever worked j
for tailors. Fruitman's Fashion ;
Shop.
2-7'.
YOUNG MEN 16 and over, desiring!
government railway mail clerkships, :
mania, rne wr uce yi n.mtno ;
of examinations. J. E. Leonard,
- - -v 1
( former civil
service examiner),
1313 Kenois
D. C.
Bids.. Washington.!
2-s j
!
Female Help Wanted
WANTED To communicate with eld
erly lady in good health willing to
share apartment and care for 1 year
old child during the day while moth
er works. Write Box 3S13, Lowell.
and trnii OlslvOCC f
IFOR RENT S000 square fet fiooi
WANTED House keeDer to take care! space. .Suitable for warehouse, cen-
of six children, good home for right
party. Apply alter 4 o'clock at Co-
chise. Mite Lozovich. 2-9 j
WANTED Girl for general house
work, good wages, private family.
Phone 543. tf
WANTED A housemaid. Phone 37. s
2-tf
Positions Wanted
WANTED Competent woman wishes
work as housekeper or general
housework. Address Box 2511. 2-11
For Sale
FOR SALE Furniture for five rooms,
A-l quality. Address, A-A-A, care
Review. dh-tf
FOR SALE Furniture for three
rooms in Bakerville. Apply back of
laundry. E. Swartz. 2-5
FOR SALE Ford touring car in first
class condition. Run by owner only.
Lots of extras. Not a stolen car. In
quire Hack's garage, Johnson addi
tion. -b
FOR SALE Plymouth rooming house,
26 furnished rooms, cheap if taken
at once. 2-11
FOR SALE: Ford touring car, just
overhauled. Mrs. Stewart, Don
Luis. 2-11
FOR SALE Soda fountain, used one
season. Apply Warren Drug com
pany, tf
FOR SALE Three burner coal oil
, stove with oven. 14 Brooks apart
ments. 2-5
FOR SALE Four room modern house
completely furnished, ?1500, balance
terms. Tombstone canyon.
Four room house furnished.
$550, $350, balance terms. '
Bisbee.
Price
South
Five room modern house, furnished,
two lots, fruit trees., $1000 cash,
balance terril3. Wood canyon.
Apply to M. C. High, Allen Bldg. 2-4
FOR SALE 2600 feet of three-quarter
inch galvanized pipe. Will net
75 per cent. Good as new. The
Queen Laundry, P. O. Box 191.
Phone 58. 277
FOR SALE Indian motorcycle, nearly
new. See Doyle, fire house No. 1.
280
FOR SALE Furniture for two rooms.
Will sell one piece or all. Hoosier
kitchen cabinet, round oak table,
new Ideal range, brass bed, etc. A.
Walker, 97 Chihuahua hill, care
Budgen store. Naco road. 270
. j
FOR SALE White Leghorn and R. I.
Red day old chicks. Ask for prices.
R. C. Herald, K 3, Phoenix, Ariz. 254
FOR SALE Furniture in 30 rooms
with the privilege of a two or three
years lease on property. Bert Clem-
ent. 71 Brewery Guich. Phone Red
604.
225
FOR SALE Furniture for four rooms,
and 11 laying pullets. House for
rent. See G. M. Carlisle, first house
south old school, Warren. 215
FOR SALE Furniture for four rooms
and 11 laying pullets. House for
rent. See G. M. Carlisle, first house
south old school. Warren. 214
FOR SALE In Warren, lour rooms
and bath, lot 40x80. Part cash, bal-
ance less than $15 per month. Will f
l"e -". "'"-"J "onus or paper
your bank will say is good. Not a J
fancy place, tut a good comfortable j
uuuie lur tu iutmuui oi less man ,
uox 34, warren. 136'
FOR SALE
-40 to 320 acres land, it I
in lies irom uisnee. in sell at a
reasonable price.
Box 217, Bisbee.
203
FOIi SALE OR TRADE In good con
dition. Maxwell roadster for Ford
truck. 35 Jiggerville. 198
FOR SALE Ford, perfect A-l condi
tion. Liberty bends and stamps ac
cepted. Brooks Garage, O. K.
street. 150
FOR SALE Sixteen room rooming
house, completely furnished. Apply
Ho;;an Sc Seed. Phone 10. 125 ;
FOR SALE Two lots on Oregon j
street, one on Chicago avenue, Lo-
well, Johnson' addition, each 30x60
feet. Address M. J. Greenan, Oak-!
land, Calif, General delivery. 875 '
FOR SALE Uncalled tor suits. M. , SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per
Levin. Lowell. Ariz. 597 sonal note to salaried men and o
FOR SALE Marx hotel, Lowell. Good mer, also on furniture. Cox Loan
business. Inquire David O'Neill. I company. Room 7, Sparks Kline
273 building. 166
For Sale
FOR SALE 50 pure bred Duroc Jer-1
sey pigs, S weeks old. Kirst cnoice
for breeding, $10; second choice,
$7. Come see them. San Jose Dairy,
one mile west of Naco. P. O. Box
12, Naco, Ariz. 2-13
run rcoouus. umerem oreeus ;
and ages Geo Burrows, South Bis-j
jg i 276 j
j
FOR SALE Cheap, Hoosier cabinet. :
M - - ill AAf I
14 Jiggerville.
297 j
FOR SALS Bundles ox old papers at
the Review office. Large bundles.
price 25c
For Rent
FOR RENT Furnished modern three
rooms. Bell red house. Tombstone
canyon. - 2-7
trally located in business district
Address W. H.. Review. 2-dh
FOR RENT Nice three room furnish
ed apartments, on Naco road, over
Arizona garage. Inquire at apart
ment No. 1. 2-11
FOR RENT Two furnished house-
keeping rooms. 120 LTpper Lowell.
2-6
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms. 73
Jiggerville. ' 2-11
FOR RENT Three room house with
bath and pantry, screen porch 6x24.
For particulars phone 148 or call H.
B. Sherwood, 153 Tombstone can
yon. 2-7
FOR-RENT Two or four nicely furn-
ished housekeeping rooms. 12 Jig
gerville. 2-7
FOR RENT Batching or housekeep
ing apartments, close in.- 31-C O. K.
street. Call Black 571. 2-6
FOR RENT Two room furnished
apartment in cement block house,
back of El Paso house. Lights and
water furnished. 2-11
FOR RENT Two light housekeeping
rooms, fourth bridge Clawson stop.
Tombstone canyon. 2-7
FOR RENT Two light housekeeping
rooms. S6-B Brewery Gulch. 2-11
FOR RENT Two unfurnished rpoms.
221 Brophy avenue. 2-9
FOR RENT Two room furnished
house with screen porch. Mrs. Win
wood, Winwood addition.' 2-6
FOR RENT Three room furnished
house. South Bisbee. Inquire Ft3ta
Johnson, Johnson flats. No. 7, Lo
welL 2-9
FOR RENT Four room house, nice
yard, $20 month. 433 Wood canyon.
2-5
FOR RENT Furnished rooms, close
in. 14 Brooks apartments, O. K.
street. 2-5
FOR RENT Batching room. Ozari:
house, 71 Brewery avenue. 24o
FOR RENT Two nice rooms, weh
furnished for light hoekeeping. 81
Moon avenue. Phone 645. J. W
Glover. ' 281
FOR RENT Large front room and
kitchenette, wall bed, nicely furnish
ed. Over Independent Feed store
2t-2-4
FOR RENT Good furnished room.
Wilson, 17 Quality hill. 294
FOR RENT Two light housekeeping
rooms for rent, $30. Phone Black
475. Warren. 295
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms,
$18 per month. Inquire Tincuff, 14
Tate hill. 289
FOR RENT Two furnished room.
and bath. 41 Johnson addition,
cement house. 26a
-rUK ht.i uarage, near Lowell tie
pot. Inquire of Geo. R. Smith. 27:
FOR RENT Two or four nicely furn
ished housekeeping rooms. No. 12
Jiggerville. 278
FOR RENT Two "room apartment.
22 Hayes house. Tombstone canyon.
299
FOR RENT One unfurnished and one
unfurnished flat. Apply at Moose
hotel, before 8 a. m., or after 8 p. m.
Mrs. Gristy. 2-5
FOR RENT One four room, partially
furnished, house on high road, 20
per moiUh. C. II. Hogan,. bcDw
copper Queen hotel, or Phone 121.
gQ
. FOR RENT Two, five and six rocui.
furnished houses. E. A. Hillman.
Don Luis. 239
FOR RENT Two room house with
i sleeping porch, furnished. Mrs. Win
! wood. Winwood addition. 23s
FOR RENT In Highland park. ?20
garage $2.50, cozy three-room buna
low, partly furnished, electric lights
and spring water free. Apply J. A.
Finney, Sr phone 257. care Uncle
Jim's. Brewery Gulch. 192
FOR RENT Seven room unfurnished
houae, Navajo trail, Warren. Hogan
5c Seed. Phone 10. 129
FOR RENT Large office room, tood
location. Apply to M. C. High, real
estate. Office, Allen block. 575
Money to Loan
Miscellaneous
REWARD For the return of a heavy
dark brown overcoat picked up in
Central theater Thursday night, had
Phelps Dodge label in, and gloves in
pocket. A. J. Fairciough, Pheips
Dodge store, Lowell, or phone 314.
. 2S6
DRESSMAKING Done
house, Temby avenue.
at
Balgay
271
GENERAL AUCTIONEER Bisbee
'
Warren district and Cochise county
Can sea your furniture in your
house or your merchandise in your
place of business to your advantage.
30 years experience. Reference,
Bank of Bisbee. Phone 257, P. O.
Box 1737. Office and residence over
Uncle Jim's, Brewery Gulch. J. A.
Finney, sr.. Auctioneer. 193
AKITE TO "Y. M. C. A. School, Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio. Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train for service. 268
SCECOND HAND CLOTHES Bought
Phone 739. City Dye Works. 604
Wanted
WANTED Spanish lessons, verbally.
I. C. care Review. 2-6
WANTED To rent, modern five or
six room house either in Bisbee or
Warren. One with garage preferred.
Phone 166 or Green 7S6. 2-tf
WANTED Clean cotton rags at the
Review.
WANTED To trade, well improved
irrigated farm of 35 acres, artesian
water, one 75 gallon well, all fenced
rabbit tight, cross-fenced, large stor
age tank, for Warren district prop
erty. Write D. EL H., Lowell, or call
at 20 Upper Lowell. 279
3UEREMOS, ALGUNOS HOMBRES
con burros, para que empaquen y
carguen lena por contrato. Reef
Mines. 253
WANTED Either furnished or unfur
nished house. Address, "G-," care
Review. dh-tf
WANTED Clean, wnue cotton rags.
Bisbee Review office. tf
Lost
LOST Probably up Tombstone can
yon, one brown overcoat. Finder
please return to A. C. Windham, P.
D. store. 2-S
LOST The party who took soldier's
hat at Pythian Castle Monday night
will please return same. 2-6
Agents Wanted
MARCH'S "HISTORY OF WORLD
WAR" Wonderful agents' money
maker. Introduction by General
March, highest officer United States
army. Liberal commissions. Outfit
free. Bible Educational Society, St.
Louis, Wo. ' 130
AUTHENTIC "LIFE THEODORE
ROOSEVELT" Introduction by ex
President Taft. Sells on sight. Lib
eral agents commission. Outfit free.
Bible Educational Society, Fullerton
Bldg., St. Louis, Mo. 130
Legal Notices.
ORDINANCE 224
AX ORDINANCE ESTABLISHING
tup nr mp t ivn -.t-. nrnTnw
THE CDP I its op PFPTii v
STREm JkD pSSlois
J t'.JSh? 11?
THEREOF, WITHIN' THE CITY OF
BISBEE, ARIZONA.
nv it npnuvn ,k v-
BE IT ORDAINED by the Mayor ,
and Common Council of the City of
Bisbee r
Section 1. That the grade of the cen
tfr lino nf Main Strcot fh f ,
7.K a;;; rrrCZrZuuiU thence on a rising grade of
and nereafter shall
be as follows
Commencing at a point from which
the Southwest corner of the Fair
xiuilding bears North 46 53' E. 43.23
ieet: the Northwest corner of the An
suis Building bears S. 76 17 E. 32.44;
teet: the Southeast corner of the'
Jacks Building bears North 52" 02!
W. 20 feet; the elevation of which j
noint is 5 P.flfl 71 ffpt riptorminiul fi-rri
the United States Geological Survey!? risin- ra?e of 1.52
Bench Mark, on the Southwest cor
ner of the Phelps-Dodge Mercantile
Company's Store Building, in the City
of Bisbee; thence in an easterly direc
tion on a minus grade of 3.95 for 162
feet, at which point the elevation is
5,303.51 feet; thence on a minus grade
of 2.95 for 234 feet, at which point !nito information reference is hereby
the elevation is 5,296.4 feet. " made to a map on file in the office
Sec. 2. That the grade ot a portion of the citv Engineer, entitled "Prc
Df Tombstone Canyon, in the City of liminary Profi'e Naco Road."
Bisbee, Arizona, is hereby established. Section 6. That the grade of a por
ind hereafter shall be as follows: tion of lhe Quarry Canyon Road. In
Commencing at a point numbered 1, tn8 c'5tv cf Bisbee, Arizona, is hereby
from which corner number 3 of the established, and hereafter, shall be
Horse Shoe Mining Claim, in the War-1 as follows: Commencing in the
ren Mining District bears North 40 j C,nt:;r f saJ road.' at a point which
14' W. 199.3S feet, the elevation of'5' North CO" . W., 7 feet Trom the
-hich point is 5.6S2 feet, this eleva-1 Southwest corner of the grounds of
tion being determined frcm the United Loretta School, at which point
States Geological Survey Bench Mark. ttis - levatinn is 5.434.1 feet, this
at the Southwest corner of the Phelps-
lr rv. .. .HCILdlllim , W 111 ('ill 1 O ClUlC, 111
the City or Bisbee: Thence South S3" , ic::iosisai survey, at tne heutnwest
32V4' W. 199.06 feet, on a rising grade turner of the Pho;ps-Dcde Mcrcan
of 9.74, at which point the elevation tile Company's Store Building in
is 5,701.4 feet: Commencing at ccr- the City of Pishce; thence on a ris
ner numbered 1, thence in a North- giado cf 7.9 . for 199.?.8 feet,
easterly direction on a minus grade of at vhit-h point thij clcviition is
6.K!5r'i fori.(i:'(i fppt tn :i nnint mini-. 5.4! '.:" !oet: C:e:L- on j risinn
bered 2. at which point the elevation
is 5,565.65 feet: thence on a minus
numbered 5, the elevation is 5.5J2.42
feel: thence ou a minus grade of
grade of 3.67 for 299.S feet, at which 'et: t'leiuo on a rising grad of tako effect, and be in force from and o2-fV 7:30 p. m. '
point numbered 3, the elevation is 0.sr.r, for 172.13 ieet. at which point alter is passage, approval and pub- fgf yf Vlaltln- hnvh 'MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
5.554.65 feet : thence on a minus grade elevation i 5.52 4S feet. i li ;ttioii. , i " ' --r
of 3.65 Tor 199.8 feet, at which point Se-eticn7. That the grade of the i Pni-sod. adopted aud approved. VVf & cvrKliAi Bisbee Catap No. 1S41
numbered 4. the elevation is 5.547.36 center liae of a portion of O. K. jtl.is the 21st dav of Januarv. 19P. J 'Cfc, m imi invited to at j ,T.ry i,co'3 lst Saturday
feet: thcuco on a minus grade of j Stre. i. in the City of Bisbee. Ari-j JACOB ERECKSON, v-lwTw1 teud. ' Yyf:x' Medigovicu Hall.
2 9'J'f for 499.8 feet, at which point zona, is hereby estaolishod, and I ATTEST Mavor. WM. T. SMITIIAN. W. M. I liCMf S- T. MOSS, Consul.
14 15 for 199.S feet, at which point!,'
numbered 6 the elevation is 5.524.13;'
feet: thence on a minus grade of,;
!2.70 for 1939 feet: at which point;!
numbered 7. the elevation is 5.51S.73'
feet: thence on a minus grade of
(3.52 for 599.6 feet, at which point
j numbered S, the elevation is 5,497.63
ifeet: thence on a minus grade of
3.95 for 399.7 feet, at which point
numbered 9, the elevation is' 5.4S1.S4
feet: thence on a minus grade of
3.31 for 39S.S feet, at which point
numbered 10, the elevation is s.468.64
feet: thence on a minus grafie of
2.667c for 299.9 feet, at which point
numbered 11, the elevation is 5,460.66
feet; thence on a minus grade of
4.10 for 199.S feet, at which point
numbered 12, the elevation is 5.452.47
feet: thence on a minus grade of
3.20 for 100 feet, at which point
numbered 13, the elevatio is 5,449.27
feet, this grade is for the center line
of said road, as surveyed in Paving
Book No. 1, Pages 55-56 and 57, dated
January 10th, 1919, on file in the office
of the City Engineer.
Sec. 3. That the grade of the center
line of a portion of Brewery Avenue,
in the City of Bisbee, Arizona, is here
by established, and hereafter shall be
as follows: Commencing at a point
located on the center line of said Ave
nue, even with the North end line of
Lot 19, Block 2, the elevation of said
point being 5,29 39 feet, as deter
mined from the United States Geolo
gical Survey Bench Mark, on the
Southwest corner of the Phelps-Dodge
Mercantile Company's Store Building,
in the City of Bisbee, Arizona ; thence
on a rising grade of ZAlrc for 936.53
feet; at which point the elevation is
5,329.33 feet; thence on a rising grade
of 3.5 for 900 feet, at which point
the elevation is 5.360.S3 feet: thence
on a rising trade of 4.31 for 451.22
feet, at which point the elevation is
5.3S0.2S feet: thence on a rising grade
of 5.6 for S9 feet, at which point the
elevation is 5,3So.26 feet, for an accu
rate location of the center line of said
Avenue, reference is hereby made to
survey number 100, on file in the of
fice of the City Engineer.
Sec. 4. That the grade of Subway
Street, in the City of Bisbee, Arizona,
is hereby established and hereafter
shall be as follows: Commencing at
a point which is 11 feet from the
Southwest corner of Lot 30 Block 4, in
the City of Bisbee, on a line connect
ing the Southwest corner of Lot 30,
Block 4. and the Southeast corner of
Lot 2, Block 6, the elevation of which
point is 5,309.70 feet, said elevation be
ing determined from the United States
Geological Survey Bench Mark, at the
Southwest corner of the Phelps-Dodge
Mercantile Company's Store Building.
in tne city ot Bisbee; thence on a
minus grade of 3.27 for 434.12 feet.
at which point the elevation is .5,295.5
feet For more complete information
reference is hereby made to a map in
the office of the City Engineer, en
titled "Map of Subway Street, in
Blocks 4-5 and 6, for paving purposes,
dated January 9th, 1919."
Sec. 5. That the grade of the
center line of a portion of Naco Road
in the City of Bisbee. Arizona, is here
by established, and hereafter shall be
as follows:- Commencing at a
point, where the center line of Naco
Road intersects the East City limits,
the elevation of which point is
5,166.3 feet, the elevation being de
termined froni the United States
Geographical Survey Bench Mark,
at the Southwest corner of the Phelps
Dolge Mercantile Company's Store
Building, in the City of Bisbee;
thence on a rising grade of 5.40,
for 50 feet, at which point the ele
vation fla 5,169 feet; thence
on a ruing grade or
j 5.90 for 100 feet, at which point
the elevation is 5,174.9 feet:
! thence on . a rising grade of 4.40
j for 50 leet. at which point the eleva
' tion is 5,177.1 feet; thence on a rising
grade of 1 for 50 feet, at which
fce on a risin-" rade of 0 3 for
luenl ou a r,sUp. raae oi u.s ,c ror
thence on a rising grade of 0 3 fo
10(r fGet 81 WhiCh P05nt the elGVa
tion is 5.177.9 feet ; thence on a ris
a-
nce on a ns-
j iug grada of 1.40, for 50 feet, at
j which point the elevation is 5.17S.6
feet; thence on a rising grade of
9 Cnr-- m ...i, .. ..
elevation is 5.1S0 feet; thence on a
rising grade of 3.07 for 150 feet.
ac P"""- eioauon IS O.lS-i.O
7.20 for 100 feet, at which point
the elevation is 5,191'S feet; thence
on a rising grade of 6 for 50 feet,
at which point the elevation is
5.194.S feet; thence on a rising grade
of 1.44 for 69.6 feet, at which
point the elevation is 5,135.8 feet;
thence on a rising grade of 0.20
for 14S 7 feet, - at which point the
elevation is 5,196.1 feet; thence on
for 250.4
feet, at .which point the ,elevation is
&,iy9.9 feet; thence on a rising
grade of 2.6 for 100 feet, at which
point the elevation is 5.202.5 feet;
thence on a rising grade of 4.S
for 50 feet., at which point the eleva-
tion is 5.204.9 feet. For more defi-
cle-.-ation hcing determined from the
- " - " . . v ...... -- J j
grade oi S.'J .'.i lor r.?S.4t foot, at
which point thj elevation is 5.4S5.51
! hereafter
hall bo as follows:
! Comuicucin;:
at a poiut troni which'
Mining and Financial News
8V REVIEW
NEW YORK. fob. 4 Technical
conditions were again the chief in
fluence over today's profession stock
market, early gains scored largely at
the rxverise of an aggressive short In
terest, being largely effaced In the
customary realiiing of the later aes -
slc-n.
Although leading the list all times,
tradine In United States Steel up to
91. Its maximum price- since week's
reduced dividend, was relatively
lighter than usual, the stock reacting
with the general market at the close.
Xlotor shares were again the object
cf bullish attention from various pools
at extreme advances oi 1 to a points,
oils registered gross gains ot 1 to 2
points and equipments rallied 1 to 2
points. New York Air Brake gain in?
53 points on rumors that the pro-
tt maintained. , 1
Coppers, tobaccos! leathers, sugars
and a few high grade specialties, in-
ciuuing BearB-noeuun, vuiunicva iuo .
firm to strong shares of the early and
Intermediate periods but shippings :
&nd secondary automobile issues re-j
lected constant pressure. !
New high records for French muni- j
cipals featured the irregular bond;
marKci. Laoerxy issues ana otner
domestic bonds easing variably. Total
sales, par value, aggregated $10,575. -
000. Old United States coupon and
registered 4's gained on call.
WOOL PRICES TO BE LOWER.
SALT LAKH CITY. Utah, Feb. 4.
Wool growers will receive from forty
tr fit'tv pnt9 a nminri fnr rnmin?
spring clip, according to W. McClure.
secretary of the National Wool Grow
era association, who returned here to
day from Washington. McClure went
to the capital in toe interest of the
wool growers in an effort to counter
act what was alleged to have been an
effort to have the government sac
rifice the immense stock of wool in
Boston warehouses. The prices, ac
cording to Mr. McClure, will be about
15 cents less than for the last crop
but he says conditions ' might have
een worse.
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 4. Lead un
changed: spelter weak, spot East St.
Louis delivery offered at 6.50; Febru
ary 6.40.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 4. Cotton closed
steady at a net decline of 15 to 53
points.
Closing Quotations February 4, 1919.
(L. J. Overlock, Broker)
NEW YORK.
American Car SS7
American Can -. 464
American Smelters
70 Vi
114Vi
594
American Sugar
Beth. B
Dflld nail . . .........,., O 4 .1
s.-
B & 0 46H
C.Q 0 55?4
Can. Pac 159
Crucible 53 "s
Distillers 534
Erie . . . ., . 16H
Goodrich 61
Gen. Motors 129;
Industrial Alcohol 103
Marine 22
Marine Pfd 964
Midvale 41 s
Mexican Petroleum 167i
- C 73 tj
Nor. Pac 90i
Reading 79
Rubber
Rep. Steel 73-i
Studebaker . -51
Steel Com ;90Vi
SL Paul , 364
Southern Pacific 9S
Sinclair Oil 35
Texas Oil : 90
Union Pacific ' 127V'
IT. S. M. 46 "
Un. Motors SSH
Wcstinghouse .' 42
NEW YORK MINING
Anaconda 5SV
Alaska s4s
the Southeast corner of Ixt 1
Block 2, in the City of Bisbee, bears
North 7 40 W. 61.74 feet, which
roint 13 on the center line of O. K.
Street, at an elevation of 5.295.71
feet, this elevation being determined
from the United States Geological
Survey Bench Mark, located at the
Southwest corner of the rhelps
Dodge Mercantile Company's Store
Building, in the City of Bisbee;
thence on a rising grade of 9.6 for
99.54 feet, at which point the eleva
tion is 5,305.26 feet; thence on a
prising grade of 5.4 for 99.86 feet;
t at which point the e'.avation is
5,310.65 feet; thence on a level
grade for 25 feet, at which point the
elevation is 5,310.63 feet; thence on
a rising grade of 6.63 for 174.7
feet, at which point the elevation is
5,322.23 leet; thence on a rising
grade of 5.2 for 2D9.6 feet, at
which point the elevation is 5.337.S1
feet; thence on a rising grade of
S.47 for 39S.56 feet, at which point
the elevation is 5,371.57 leet. th.ence
on. a risiug grade of 10.47 for 298.3
feet, at which point the. elevation Is
5.402.8 feet; thence on a rising grade
of l.Sl for P9.9S fe''t. at which
ochit th elevation it 0.404 61 feet:
l.c ice cr
: a rising grade of 4.57
feet, at which point the
is 5.41S.C1 f -ct: thence on
gride of 5.49 for 99.S5
299.7
clc. at ion
a ri in
tee:, ;it which point the elevation is
5,4U.73 feet.
Section S. All ordinances, and
p.-rts o.' ordinances, in conllict with
the pro. i. ij;iu hereof, are hereby re-
! pealed.
Section
it. This ordinance shall
BUTLER.
City Clerk.
LEASED WIRE
Butte Superior IS
Chile lSi
Greene Cananea
Inspiration ,
Kennecoit
Miami
43V
4JT
jT
tZi
: Nevada
Old lX-minion
35
hattuck
1
Utah Copper
69
43
BOSTON.
Allou
01
Arizona- Commercial 12
C. & A.
594
430
424
9
76
23
5
95
q' &
( Ranso
j luitto !!!!
(raunv
Co'.dtic'.l ..."
Haiu-vu k
Luke
LaSallV
Mohawk .V
4
3
Mavtlower 3Vs
Butte 10 V
j-jp
Osceola V.V.V! 7.. !!!!!!!! 52
Pond Creek "... . ! 13
QUincy "...!!!!!!!!!! 59
shannon . .... "..".. 3
i sup. Boston
i gt- iim-y3 "
! Utah Consolidated
45
S
95
16
4
Winona ...
CURBS.
A. & A
Arii. lling. . . .'
Ariz. Silver King
S
'i
14
1.
Big Ledge
1 1JuUe & London
Calumet & Jerome
Cornelia 15si
Con. Copper 6
Con. Arix. ty
Cresson Gold 5
Denn 16"-i
Dundee 100
Emma 5
Gadsden 3
Irand Island 30
G. Monster t
Hull 40
Howe Sound 4
Hecla 4
Iron Caps 15V
J. Verde 4
Magma Copper 26-j'
Magma Chief 'l
Mines of America 4 '
LODGE
Cards of every fraternal order in
eential facts of each, their meeting
I gathering will bo found under their
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
night. Moose H&1L
Visiting brothers cor
iiaUy invited.
. L GLKASON.
Dictator.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets every
JQ Tr Thursday
JSsvV evening at Odd
, Fellows" Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
rotkers cordially invited to attend,
fall phone 119.
FRANK WEBSTER, N. G.
LESTER EUSTACE, Secv.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets ever? 2nd
ind fourth Tuesday evening ot each
uontb at Odd Fellows Hall Visiting
isters are cordially invited.
HNNIE BLUM. II. B a
Phone Black SSI.
OA GLAZE. M. ot R. C.
Box 1475
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday .
Thursday Blue Reg.
Friday
Saturday
THOMAS HARGIS, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Secy F. & A. M.
W. R. BANKS. E. H. P.
X. C. BLEDSOE. T. I. M.
J. L. POWELL E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
V. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175. F. O.
E., meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, S p. iu..
Eagles Hall.
Visitors cor
dially wel
come. EDWIN OLLERENSHAW. Pres.
F. C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
C. L. EDMUNDSON, Aerie Physicia.i
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I. Homestead S9i. meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vich hall. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
F. W. TURNER. Foreman.
Phone Black 4l.
P. O. Box 981, Warren.
E. D. STINSON,
Cortespondent, Box 14S6.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
OR EADN AUGHT
U O. U NO. 21a
meets m I. O
a F. Hall urai
and ihlrr
MONDAY h
uuiit-iii r t.ucii t. becretary
P. O. Eox 426, Bisbee.
M.L. BUTLER. ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary yX J H. F.
Miami Consolidated 10
Porphyry i
Ray Hercules 2
Tom Rovd 175
Tuolomme 82
U. Eastern
Verde Extension ...
Verde Combination
Wol. Arizona
53
2
iu
13
s
7V
3
4
141
j r.mi
iCurtiss
! Wright Mania.. .,
i Cosden .
Federal Oil .
;Glon Rock ...
Midwest Kef
OATMAN.
(y Collina A Bretharton.)
Argo ,
Adams . ,
Arizona Uox ,
ArU.-Toni K
Big Jim Con
.05 .06
.02 .03
45
.03
.09 40
.02
.03 .04
.02 .03
.15
.03 .04
.03 .05
.10 .12
1.73
4.32 4.33
.02 .04
.20
2.S7 3.00
.37 .44
.14 .IS
.S7 1.00
.02 .04
.37 .44
.15 .IS
.06 .13
.33 .40
.18 .23
1.S7 2.00
62 .75
.05 .10
1.50
. .30 .32
.50
.40
5.73 6.00
.73 1.00
.44 .50
.12
t Bound:) ry Cone
'Gold Otv
ic.otd K.ud I'.ou
Gold Cliff
.ucky H,n-
! Sunnysi jo
I Tellurite
To n K'H'd
i United r:.strn
, United Western ,
lied Lion
i OTHER CURBS.
Gadsdea
Green Monsnr
Butte Loudon
Dundee
Venture Hill
Jerciu. Verde
Ark-Ariiot.n
lus-Noed'es
Hull Copper . , .
Mssm: Chief
j Woh -Arizona
I Vo.de Combination
Miami Consolidated
1 Vi,.,, lIo,.l.
Gram'. Island ,
Vor-ie S.;uaw ,
N.u . iii 1 Consolidated.
Con. Coy. Miaes
Porj-hvry ,
Oil. Jeieiue ,
Feather River ,
PIANO LESSONS
given by graduate ot Sasees Acad
emy, New York. Thorough and cor
rect instruction for beginners or
advanced scholars guaranteed.
MRS. MARQUETTE
Opera Drive Opp. High School
NOTICES
the Warren District; giving the
nights, their officers and the place of
respective headings lu these columns.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bona Lodge No v
Kntghts of Pythla
y meets each Tuesdaj
-vsr': lexceDt econfll In Odd
: p. m. islting brother
. nrriiariv Invlta.-t
JACK CAIN. C. C.
W. E. McCALLUM. K. of R. 3
4T" ':
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON, Exalter Ruler
C. W. HICKS, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:Si)
p. in Finnish hall.
D. C. SAXBY, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS Clerk.
All Woodmen iuvlted.
OR3ER OF EASTERN STAR
meets In Masonic Hal;
Pearl Chapter. No. 6, meets
in M.uouic Hall second aud
'ov.rth Tuesday ot eaci
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. HELENA RAG SD ALE. W. M..
Phone 500.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Secy. P. O.
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com..
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Mteta in I. O- O. F.
Hall First and Third
Saturdays. Vlaltin
brothers welcome.
J. L. BENTON. Councillor.
L. WOODMAN. Jr.. Rec. Secy.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
flf i-F-iCVYi V iboe LidSe No.
2 wi m'
ml iit iiu caiui-
9 .days each montA
'-' at 7:30 at New
Odd Fellows
Hall.
vited.
Visiting members cordially ia-
JULIA POOLE. President
ri,,,,,..
j GEO. POOLE. .Treas.. P. O. Box 2229.
! HONOR A MUNC
CCH. SecrcLu j.
i "ox 1621.
MATHKWSON,
Clerk.
j
4 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1919.
If
CITY BRIEFS
Has any one vi3ited you? Or have
you entertained? If so, call The
Review Society Editor, Black 681.
RETURN FROM COAST.
Mrs. I. V. Wallace has returned
fruiu Ijou Angeles, accompanied by
her son, George Wallace.
ATTORNEY TO TOMBSTONE.
Rod McDonald, a local attorney,
spent the day yesterday :n Tombstone
on bUhlt'Sa.
ACCEPTS POSITION HERE.
J. Whitmer. a tailor from San Fran
cisco, has accepted a position with the
O K. Tailoring Shop. He arrived In
t'ie city Monday.
TO MOVE TO DOUGLAS.
J'. Wilmoth, deputy United States
marshal, will take up his residence in
the Smelter city at an early date.
Ailn:oin, formerly was merchant
polic eman here.
TRIAL HELD OVER.
The trial of C. H. "Red- Larkins,
who is charged in Jude J. L. Winters'
court with beinj? a vagrant, was held
ever from 2 o'clock yesterday after
i.oon until this morning.
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS.
Undelivered telegrams are held at
the Western Union office for the fol
lowing: John R. Mc-Xeall. Franci
Halla, Charlie Harbey. Harry Sprony,
W. S, Wliite, Lonher Cousland, F. H.
Williamson. R. H. McGaughy.
MRS. COMPTON RETURNS.
Mrs. H. C. Compton, wife of the
Eev. H. C. Compton. pastor of the
Bapiitt church, returned to the city
THEATER "
LGRAND
TBI
M 11 It
FIRST BIG NEW YORK MUSICAL HIT OF YEAR
ARTHUR HAMMERSTEIN'S
DAZZLING SUCCESS
A MUSICAL COMEDYJ0F.DELIOHTFUL SURPRISES
BOOK AMD LYRICS V
OTTO HARBACH
and EDWARD CLARK . ??
music by RUDOLPH FRIttt " ''
AUTHORS OF
lMI mrAA
"HIGH JINKS"
AND
"THE FIREFLY
REMARKABLE CA5T-W0NDER CHQRU5-REALS0N6HIT3
With Oscar Figman and Company of
"45-People-4
MOSTLY GIRLS!
PRICES: $2.00, $1.50, $1.00, 75c
Secure Seats Early! Seats on Sale Saturday.
PICTURES, conLinuous, 1 to
Gladstone V
AND PICTURES
LaLsit XI ro e: Today '
PRESENTING
SINGER CARLO FESSIA AND HIS "QUEENS OF JAZZCOPATION IN NEW
REPERTOIR OF SOLOS AND JAZZY TUNES
"HUALYNIT
BITS OF VAUDEVILLE
IRENE CASTLE in "Vengeance is Mine"
A Thrilling 6-ACT Mystery Drama and "SUNSHINE COMEDY" in two parts
With HANK MANN in "HIS TICKLISH JOB," a scream
tf Admission: 1 o 6, children,
Tomorrow -
"The
last iiij-ht .from an extended visit in
the Fouthern states. She was accom
panied by her son. V. L. Compton,
who has been in training- in the avia
tion section at Kelley field. San An
tonio. 'J'ox.
City Hall Notes
Bids will be called for by the city
for collection of garbage, under a pro
posed inovation in city sanitation here,
at the next, meeting of the city coun
cil. After hearing City Engineer Hal
leek at some length upon this sub
ject, the council last night decided
to call for competitive bidding in or
der to decide whether it will be cheap
er to continue collecting the garbage
as at -present, or contract it.
The election lor the paving of sev
eral of the streets of the city can be
held March 22, but no sooner, it was
announced by City Attorney S. H.
Kyle. Kyle announcing that he would
present a resolution at the next meet
ing of the council incorporating a call
for the election and appointing the
city clerk and city judge registering
officers.
Whether the carcasses of two cows,
reported to have been buried by their
former owner. Mr. Corkhill on Bailey
hill near Laundry hill, would endanger
public health, was referred to the sani
tary committee, with orders to act..
Councilman Rosok reported the ac
tivities of the delegates sent by the
city to attend the state good roads
convention. '
Reports of the heads of city depart
ments were read and. .ordered received
and filed.
PIDl
nil w:o
t
'- V.,
" "
ANOTHER
NEWYORK
CASINO
KNOCKOUT
11
pi B AT E
11
audeville
-also-
10c; Adults, 15c; After 6 o'clock:
inis includes War lax.
MARY MIES
Eyes of Julia Deep"
S1500 W.S.S. HERE
REDEEMED DAILY
Despite the fact that the postoffice
department In Bisbee and the Warren
district is urging every person not to
cash war savings securities, redemp
tions of thrift stamps and baby bonds
in the Risbee postoffice for the past
month, or more have averaged dally
'from $700 to $1500, according .to the
report of L. K. Bailey, postmaster.
Residents of every waii of life and
every class are Included In the lists
of those who sell, declares the post
master. Foreigners, however, have been less
frequent' visitors at tne windows of
the postoffice for redemption of the
stamps, says Mr. Bailey, and as a
class the natives of Europe seem to
be holding their stamp longer thanf
any other nationalities. They recog
nize in the stamps a ready savings
advantage . and , instead of disposing
of the securities,; are adding to their
possessions.'
The force of the local postoffice has
been kept buy several hours each
day attending the redemption of
stamps. The postmaster requires that
each person cashing stamps give ten
days' notice. When he receives a
request for redemption he addresses
a letter to the owner or the stamps
in which, ba outlines, the fact that
funds are needed by the government,
and. im which he requests that the per
son do not sell unleea absolutely
necessary.
lt is a peculiar fact, declared Mr.'
Bailey yesterday, "that at least 50 per
cent of the men and women to whom
I write letters Requesting them not to
cash, the stamps, do not appear at the
time which, I set for them for redemp
tion. Thi3 proves absolutely to my
mind that many persona do not under
stand that the government still needs
the money despite the signing of the
armistice. Others who dispose of
their stamps Invariably tell the rea
son, and I have found that ra nine
cases out of ten their desire to sell
Is prompted by extreme need of
money."
Sales of stamps by the postoffice to
the public have been small so far this
year, declared the postmaster, espe
cially when compared with similar
periods prior to the signing of the
armistice. It Is anticipated, however,
by the postoffice, that greater ..sales
will be registered with the reorgani
zation In the district of thrift clubs,
and with a renewed campaign for the
stamps. ;
Fred Sturdevant
Prints Memoirs
LL Frederic E. SturdevantC. S. N.
R. F.. is the name with whiclra series
of reminiscences of Theodore Roose-
i velt now being run in a San Francisco
, newspaper, have been signed. The
j series started several Weeks ago and
j will continue for several additional
I Sunday issues of the paper. Lieu
I tenant Sturdevant was a resident of
Bisbee for three "years prior to June,
! 1917, as editor of the Review.
, In 1909, when Theodore Roosevelt
was in Africa on a big game hunt,
Freddy, as Bisbee knows Sturdevant,
was sent by a New York newspaper
' to-meet the returning former president
en route out of the wilds. - His stories
in- the San Francisco paper have to
' deal with his experiences and personal
; encounters with Roosevelt on this trip
j REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
-TODAY-
VAUDEVILLE, continuous, 6 to 11
Road
Shoiv
Gladstone Sisters
ft
NEW SONGS AND DANCES
Children, 25; Adults, 35c
MITER in
1
!D8.J.M.LE0NARD'S
DEATH DESCRIBED
Mrs. J. M. Leonard, formerly Miss
Bertha Brown of this t it v. has re
ceived a letter from Lt. Wiilard E.
Wheelook. a member of the medical
corps in France, explaining in detail
the manner in which her husband, Lt.
J. M. Leonard, M. C, met his death
while on duty in France. Dr. Leou
ard formerly was a member of the
Calumet & Arizona medical staff, but
just prior to entering the army was
la the 'practice of his profession in
Douglas, being city health officer.
Dr. Leonard was killed on the aft
ernoon of November 7 at Remilly, the
letter says The last of a number of
wounded had just been attended to !
and carried into a cellar when a shell i
Btruck the house, a fragment enterin
the left breast of Lieutenant Leonard
and killing him -almost instantly. Lleu-j
tenant Wheeloek was wcunded by the '
same exDlnsion Th fnllnwirm- m 1
M - " . 1UVI 11-
ing a wooden coffin was constructed
and he was buried at 1 p. m. that day,
his grave being marked with a cross
with his name burned into it and hi
identification tag nailed to it. Lieu- j
tenant Wheeloek writes that he took '
care of valuables and keepsakes be-1
longing to Dr. Leonard and at the firsi j
opportunity will send them to his wife !
here. ,
"I VnflU" that t .iantonorit Tsna,l I
guisuea Bervice cross, so you may
know he was doing his bit when he
was killed," says the letter.
. 1 j . '
PROCLAMATION OF ARBOR DAY
BY THE GOVERNOR OF ARIZONA
WHEREAS, It is provided by law
that the governor shall annually by
proclamation set aside a certain day
to be known and observed as Arbor
day;
WHEREAS, It is fitting that the
love of nature Inherent in all of us
should find expression in the planting
of trees, shrubs and vines, in the pro
motion of forest and orchard growtM
and culture, in the adornment of pub
lic and private grounds and the orna
mentation and beautification of the en
vironments of our; schools and cor
teges, private and public;
NOW, THEREFORE. In conform
ity with the provisions of paragraphs
2837-2S40, Chapter XX of the Revised
Statutes of Arizona, Civil Code, I.
Thomas E. Campbell, governor of Ari
zona, do hereby designate and set
apart Friday the th day of February,
1919. as Arbor day, to be observed in
the counties of Cochise. Gila, Graham.
Greenlee, Maricopa. Pima. Pinal, Santa
Cruz and Yuma; and similarly I here
by designate and set apart Friday, the
4th day of April, 1919. as Arbor day
for due observance in the counties of
Apache, Coconino, Mohave, Navajo
and YavapaL
In view of the ending of the great
world conflict and the turning of our
thoughts from blood and iron to thoso
things in life which make for culture
and the- cultivation of the esthetic.
Arbor day of 1919. is endowed with i
special significance. I would tnere-1
fore recommend a general observance j
of Arbor day and that not alone the I
pupils in our schools but those of older I
years participate in exercises and the '
planting of trees, shrubs, vines and
flowers to the end that the various
communities of the state will be made
more beautiful places in which to live.
IN WTTNESS "WHEREOF, I hav
hereunto set my hand and caused the
Great Seal of the .State of Arizona to
be affixed.
(GREAT SEAL OF THE STATE OF
ARIZONA)
Done at Phoenix, the capital, this
31st day of January, 1919.
THOMAS E. CAMPBELL,
Governor of Arizona.
Attest:-MIT SIMMS,
Secretary of State.
By R. E. M'GILLEN,
Assistant Secretary. Adv.
Business Locals
NOTICE
Electrical wiring promptly done by
P. C. Lyman. Phone orders to 4S9,
Bisbee.
NOTICE
To the public and to whom it may
concern, that W. K. Caley is no longer
connected witk the Bisbee Transfer,
Storage & Coal company and they do
not hold themselves responsible for
K. of C.
THE KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS
WILL GIVE A DANCE AT K. of C.
CLUB HOUSE ON
Thurs. Feb. 6th
EVERYBODY INVITED
LONG'S ORCHESTRA
DANCE
EAGLES' CLUB .
Every
Wednesday and Saturday
EAGLES' HALL
DANCING 8:30 P. M.
LONG'S ORCHESTRA
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
DANCE
debts incurred by hir.i. Signed this
25th day or January. 1S19.
BISEEE TRANSFER. STORAGE &
COAL CO. 2-9
ROCK. HILL'S STAGE
Eisbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee.
Bisbee Auto comnany, 7:45 a. m., 1:30
p. m. Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
GIVING BONUS STOCK
The Warren Sulphur & Oil
com-
Today
ONLY
Robert
I 1
"f
i i
!
A Breezy
PATHE
THE LIGHTNING
J
"Til 6
Also "MEXICO TODAY"
A delightful trip through the interesting cities and their vicinities. '
and -
"FATTY" ARBUCKLE in "THE COOK"
HIS LATEST AND BEST PARAMOUNT COMEDY
Lower floor, 13c, war tax, 2c, totaL 15c Balcony 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Reserved seats 22c, war tax 3c, total 25c
r i
MPS i FBO sessssn.
(ft A fl " r 4
WE DON'T NEED A TOWN CRIER to emphasize the fact that our Clearance Sale was
by far the most successful we ever had, and offers the greatest opportunity for
SUBSTANTIAL PRICE SAVING
- -
Our reputation for Truth Telling and this announcement that we have sliced our prof
its, will fill our store with eager buyers.
WE MUST MAKE ROOM FOR SPRING MERCHANDISE
SUITS
Gold Bond Guaranteed
S20 00 value, sale price $13.95
$25.00 value, sale price $19.45
$30.00 value, sale price $2Z45
$35.00 value, sale price $24.95
TROUSERS
Sweet Orr's Make
$5.00 value, sale price $3.95
$7.00 value, sale price $4.95
17.50 value, sale price $5.45
OVERALLS
value, sale price - $1.50
Khaki pants . $1.35
$2.00
MACKINAWS
value, sale price ...,..1.$10.45
value, sale price $12.95
$15.00
$17.50
SEE OUR WINDOWS FOR
SPECIAL PRICED MERCHAN
DISE NOT MENTIONED HERE.
pany are giving two shares bonus for
every share purchased at 20 cents.,
See F- Briggs & Co., opposite Central
theater. Phone 701, Ixnvell. 235
i
Han?
i rainier ana raper Hanging,
Signs.
C J. BRANDT
Box 150.
27 Broadway. Phone
456.
AUCTION
Best way to sell your furniture or
merchandise is by auction sale. J. A.
THEATER
iLYKIC
THAT VERSATILE STAR OF THE SILENT DRAMA
Warwick and Elaine Hammerstdn
IN -
Story, Tingling With the Romance of Youth
presents the 3rd Episode oT that
RAIDER"
OVERCOATS
$20.00 value, sale price . $14.4f
$25 00 value, sale price $17.4E
?30.00 value, sale price $19.9?
RAINCOATS
$ 7.50
$20.00
525.00
value, sale price . $ 4.45
value, sale price $12.95
value, sale price $17.45
DRESS SHIRTS
$1.50 value, sale price $ .95
$2.00 value, sale price $1.35
$3 00 value, sale price $1.95
.55.00 silk shirts, sale price $3.45
$7.30 silk shirts, sale price . $5.25
$10.00 silk shirts, sale price $7.45
$1.50 work shirts, sale price ....$ .95'
MAIN STREET,
auctioneer.
Phone 257.
2-43 4
L. I Oilman sells the New Edison,
"The Phonograph With a Soul."
Dr. Playfalr. Osteopath, 9S Mason
Hill, Mssoa car stop. Phone Blue 647.
Private dancing lessons at nil hours.
Mrs. Sales' Academy. O. K. street.
Phone 1$2.
Continuous
From
1:00 to 11:00
P. M.
exciting serial
with PEARL
WHITE
JUST WRIGHTS
FAMOUS SHOES FOR MEN
) 6.30 value, sale rrice -...$4.75
$ 7.50 value, sale price $5.95
$10.00 value, sale price $7.45
$12.00 value, sale price $3.95
$ 3.00 work shoes, sale price $3.45
UNDERWEAR
UNION SUITS
$2.00 valut?. sale price $1.15
$2.00 heavy, sale price $1.35
$2.30 heavy, sale price $1.85
$4.50, all wool, sale price $2.95
SWEATERS
$ 4.00 value, sale price $2.95
$ 5.00 value, sale price $3.45
$10.00 value, sale price $.95
Liberty Bonds and Thrift
Stamps taken same as cash.
BISBEE
Finney, sr..
Box 17:!7