WEATHER
COPPER PRICE
Average price of copper.
Engineering and Mining
Journal quotation, for Sept.,
21.755; Oct. 21.534, Nov.
19.758.
Arizona: Tuesday and Wed
nesday, unsettled; north por
tion, probibly snow; colder.
Full Leased Wire Report of The Associated Press
VOL. 22 No. 284
EIGHT PAGES
BISBEE, ARIZONA, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 2, 191 9
EIGHT PAGES
PRICE FIVE CENTS
TWD DF 135 PERSONS INDICTEI
ON CHARGES OF GORRUPTIDN
SENATOR NEWBERRY'S ELECTION
GUILTY
Progress Made By Federal Officers in Preparing Way For
Early Trial of Men Under Indictment; Several Appear
In Court Whose Names Had Not Been Placed
On Published List; Senator Newberry
Not to Resist Arrest, It Is Said
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Doc. 1.
Unexpected progress was made today
by federal officers in preparing the not guilty. Glocheski being held in
way for an early trial of the 135 men, $2,500 bail and the others in $1,000
including United States Senator Tru-each.
man II. Newberry, who were indicted That a bench warrant had been, is
bf a federal grand jury here late Sat-' sued for Senator Newberry was Indi
urday on charges of corruption, fraud ! cated today when it was announced
and conspiracy in connection with the i that Clerk Charles Potter o fthe fed
Xewberry eletion campaign in 1918. eral court had furnished United
Service was secured on a number of ' States Marshal O'Connor with one for
those indicted and first arraignments j each of the 135 persons indicted,
were held before Federal Judge C. W. Speculation as to whether Senator
Sessions today, half a dozen of the i Newberry would attempt to resist ser-
defendants appearing in court.
Something of a sensation was
caused today when two of those cited
in the true bills, but whose names did
not appear in the list announced Sat
urdac, came before Judge Sessions
and pleaded guilty to counts contained
in the indictments. These were Will
iam E. Rice, a Grand Rapids printer
who pleaded guilty to conspiracy and ' desired, on th ground of senatorial im
was released under bond of $1,000, J munlty.
and Allie K. Moore, formerly a Grand Arraignment of the remainder of
Rapids newspaper man and later a j the defendants is expected to spread
publisher at Marquette, Mich., who j over the entire week, but all those
pleaded guilty to four of six counts. named in the indictments, Judge Ses
Several others of the 121 whose ! sions has announced, must appear in
names had been withheld pending j court on or before next Monday.
norvioa nf the warrants rnrmotlv una-
V-v T j I - . . ,
pected they had been named in the in-
dictment and appeared voluntarily in
court today They 'included George
K. Rogers, former Grand Rapids al-
derman; George K. Welsh Kent coun-
ty manager of the Newberry cam-
. . i ,
lJctit.li, iinrifs loarx'eu'.er, a lormer
member of the Grand Rapids health '
board, and Roman F. Glocheski, said
to have been employed at a salary of
$150 a month to work during the New-
LEGISLATORS
TO DISCUSS
,GE
Governor Campbell will call a spe
cial session of the state legislature
some time next spring, exclusively for
the purpose of ratifying the Susan B.
Anthony suffrage amendment to the
national constitution, according to a
letter from the governor received here
by Mrs. E. J. Flanigan, chairman of
the Bisbee ratification committee.
In his letter Governor Campbell
states that. "according to his present
intentions" he will call a special ses
sion some time during the spring.
This session, says the letter, will deal
with the Susan B. Anthony amend
ment only, as the inclusion of other
matters which it has been urged be
taken up. would result in a long and
expensive session, which, writes the
governor, neither himself nor the ma
jority of the taxpayers desire.
The attitude of the governor in con
fining the proposed 'session strictly to
ONLY
Villistas Fall Upon Federal
Troops and Massacre 674 To
Avenge Death of Gen. Angeles
EL PASO, Dec. 1. Fighting like madmen to avenge the death of
Felipe Angeles, 1,000 soldiers under command of Francisco Villa fell
upon the 80th regiment cf the federal army, 674 men, at Rancho Es
pejo, 21 miles north of Santa Rosalia, Chihuahua, Fridsy morning,
November 23, at 6 o'clock exactly 24 hours after the Chapultepec offi
cer h'd been shot down by a . firing cquad in Chihuahua City, and
massacred all hut two members of the resiment.
Such was the word brought to El aPso tonight by Dr. L .M.
Gomez of this city and Los Angeie an American citizen who fought
for 18 months as an aviator with the American army in France. Fol
lowing the arrest of Angeles, Gomez, in behalf of friends on this side
of the line, went to Chihuahua to intercede far him. He w.-'s with
him all nirht and up to 6:55 o'clock, when Angeles was executed, and
also attended the funeral of the latter.
Then, going to Santa Rosalia, 360 kilometers 6outh of Chihuahua,
he learned the story of the big massacre, which, he declares, has been
censored by the Carranza authorities. He left there on his return
trip eir!y Sunday morning.
The account of the fight he heard from the lips of Colonel Rivas
?nd Lleuten.int Colonel Marrcqui as they related it to a mutual friend
in S.-nt? Rosalia. These two officers are the only men who escaped.
General Snto 8anchez, the chief officer, was missing when Gomez
left Santa Rosalia, and there was llttl doubt that he had been killed.
WHEN A
berry campaign among the Polish res
idents of Grand Rapids. All pleaded j
i
vice of a warrant against him was
disposed of when former Circuit I
Judge James O. Murfin of Detroit, i
nnnr ft tho whfiT-T-v pnnn a til n n '
nounced today that the senator would
appear in court next Monday to an
swer the indictment. In some quar
ters it had been believed that Senator
Newberry could resist service if he
Trial nf tn rnsoa will Tint Tio norm it. i
I . . . . , . government sought no compromise
j ted to drag. Judge Sessions indicated -th strikinr nline workers whose
! today, stating that an effort will bewa,kout forced the emergency but
'made to complete them before the .nRtIonil determination to
1920 presidential election. Judge Ses- , privation and discomfort until
j sions is expeteed to preside at all of coal mini v.as resume(1 on ,ts
j the trials. i
a b - . . . . . . ; terms.
.n. iui iiiiuttuie array oi legal talent IS
expected to appear when the trials of
the indicted men begin. According to
popular belffef here, this will be early
in January.
Wealthy Kentuckian
Saved From Wolves
By Rescuing Party
DOUGLAS, Dec. 1. Captain Bain
Morrison, a wealthy resident of Lex
ington, Ky., was found by A. F. Simp
son of El Paso, and Major E. W.
Evans of New Orleans, La., in Cajon
Capula, in the Sierra Madre moun
tains in Sonora, Mexico, 60 miles east
of Douglas, after he had been lost for
more than two days from the party
of capitalists with whom he was
cruising a timber tract. His rescuers
arrived just in time to save him from
a pack of timber wolves which wero
lurking near him.
Captain Morrison told his rescuers
that he had spent the previous night
in a small crevasse in the canyon, un
able to build a fire because his
matches were wet, and yelling at in
tervals to keep the wolves at bay.
Captain Morrison was brought to
Douglas today for medical treatment
for frozen feet.
the consideration of national suffrage,
sets at rest the agitation for repeal of
the state boxing bill, which opponents
of boxing have been seeking to bring
Mexico Places Rii
Tax On Silver
Ore Exported
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Dec. 1. A
federal decree, reaching here to
day from Mexico City, places a
heavy t?x upon the silver content
of all ores cr bullion to be export
ed from Mexico and reserves to
the government the right of pur
chasing "such as may be present
ed at Mexico City" under condi
tions said by mining men to be
highly advantageous to the gov
ernment. With silver quoted at one dollar
or less per troy ounce, a tax of
7 per cent is fixed. Between $1
and $1.10 the tax increases to 8
per cent; $1.10 to $1.20, 9 per
cent; $1.20 to $1.30, 10 per cent;
$1.30 to $1.40, 11 per cent... Aoove
$1.40, 12 per cent.
The law provides that in arriv
ing at the current price of silver,
the New York quotation obtaining
on the d?.y of the presentation of
the ore at the custom house shall
app!y.
RATIONING I;!
ORDER
Of GARFIEL
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. War-time
restrictions on the nation's use of
coal, more stringent even than those
applied during the war, were ordered
into effect today to stave off a fuel
famine.
Moved by reports of diminishing
coal stocks and growing danger of
distress in numerous sections, the
Fuel Administrator Garfield, acting
in conjunction with the railroad ad
ministration, gave notice that hereaf
ter only the essential consumers in
eluded in the first five classes of the
war priorities list would be supplied
with coal, and asked the help of all
state and municipal authorities to
make rationing effective.
Kansas Mines Operate.
PITTSBURG, Kan., Dec. 1. Produc
tion of coal in the strip pits of the
Pittsburg field by volunteer workers
under the state receivership plan be
gan this afternoon and before dark
operations were in full swing in four
pits in the district, with three others
organized for work by morning. Cars
were standing on sidetracks ready to
be loaded and tomorrow will see the
first coal mined by the state, speeding
on its way to westeiu ivcuians, where
Governor Henry J. Allen directed the
first shipments be sent.
Peru's New Envoy
.4 c :
!fev
mVUiZCOjOLFONZO PEZET.
WASHINGTON Frederic Alfonzo
Peset is coming a second time as
Peru's envoy to tin United States, this
time as a full-fledged ambassador. He
was previously Peruvian minister and
secretary to his country's legation
here.
TENNIS PLAY JAN. 16
NEW YORK, Doc. 1. Th- Davis
cup internatoinal team tennis cham
pionship will be played at Sydney,
i Australia, January 16, 17 and If' nc
, cording to word received at tbe head
I quarters of the United State Tennis
association today.
: 4
,VV A .'. T X 1 1 v. . . V v.
MSTBISL
CONFERENCE
I SESSION
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 Under the
permanent chairmanship or Secretary
of Labor Wilson, another attempt to
harmonize relations between capital
and labor was begun today with the
opening of the second industrial con-
j feience called by President Wilson,
' Herbert Hoover was elected perma
I neiH v'ce chairman and Stanley King,
of Boston, temporary secretary,
j The second conference began be
jhind closed doors after newspaper
j men present had been asked to leave.
I Speaking for the conference when the
first meeting adjourned after more
i than three hours of discussion, Mr.
j King said the executive sessions
I would be continued "for the present"
jand that the question of opening the
doors had not yet come before the'
delegates, several of whom are un-
jderstoou to favor the utmost pub
licity.
Secretary Wilson explained before
he called the delegates to order that
he believed executive sessions advis
abl to permit frank discussion, while
allowing the delegates to keep their
minds open until a decision was
reached. He declared their ideas
should not be "chained" to first ex
pressions of opinion before hearing
what other delegates had to say.
In opening the conference Mr. Wil
son recited the general situation,
which required new deliberations by
delegates, all of whom have been
prominent in public life and few of
whom have been identified with
either side in industrial controversies
of the past. All of the 17 members
except George T. Shade, of St. Paul,
who,is in Europe, were present.
For a Dry World
ERNES
HUJ1ST
cuijjr
CHERRIDIGTON
WASHINGTON Ernest it. Cher
rington, head o fthe League Against
Alcholism, is -striving to make the
whole world dry. "Pussyfoot" John
son, who's having a hard time of it in
England, is his assistant.
Cleary Defending
Oakland I. W. W.
...OAKLAND, Dec 1. Hundreds., of
pages of I. W. W. publications, par
ticularly the preamble and constitu
tion, were read to the jury., today
when the defense opened its case in
the., criminal., syndicalist., trial., of
James McHugo, former local organi
zer and secretary, in., his ..opening
statement... Wm. B. Cleary, counsel
for McHugo, traced the inception .of
the organization, the service alleged
to be rendered the people., of., the
country by the I. W. W. in the farm
ing, mines and forests and their in
tention of carrying out an industrial
and not a political revolution ,
TO SEARCH VEHICLES
DOUGLAS, Dec. 1. Announcement
was made in military circles today
that hereafter all shipments for Mex
ico passing through Douglas, Naco and
Nogales, and all vehicles passing
across the international boundary be
tween the New Mexico border on the
east, and California on the west,
would be subjected to clse inspection
to prevent ammunition being smug
gled into Mexico.
STEAMER IN DISTRESS
SEATTLE, Dec. 1. Wireless ' S. O.
S." calls from the steamer Nishmaha
giving the position of the vessel as
sor.ifwhrire between Destruction
.'oiiiiu, off the Washington coast, and
the mouth of the Columbia river, wore
picked up by tha United States coast
guard cutter Snohomish tonight, ac
cording to telephoned reports from
Port Ang'-les, Wash.
. i ; i i !
mmmmm i
i
7 it'ms??-! , I
Aged Phoenix Man
Held For Murder
of Mexican
PHOENIX, Ariz., Dec. 1. Ira
Richards, nearly 70 years old, for
more than 40 years a resident of
this locality, was arrested this af
ernoon by a sheriff's posse, fol
lowing the death earlier in the
day of Ustacio Espinosa, 21 years
old, who was shot from ambush in
the Salt river bottoms 10 miles
southwest of Phoenix. The shoot
ing occurred in a dense growth of
trees and undergrowth about 15Q
yards from Richards' cabin, the
officers stated, and on his home
stead. A brother-in-law of Espinosa,
named Espinosa, told the officers
he and Espinosa had been cutting
wood in the bottoms when the
shot was fired. He said he and
Espin.osa had received warning
from Richards Sunday not to cut
wood on his land.
.Richards told the sheriff's force,
it was said, that he had had an
altercation with Espinosa and
Seperano,' but denied having fired
at them.
IY BE WEEKS
EFORE SENATE
REACHES PACT
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. Negotia
tions for a compromise ratification of
the peace treaty were renewed today
with the reassembling of congress,
but the general feeling of senators on
both sides was that it might be some
weeks before the movenent reached
the stage of formal action.
Republican and Democratic leaders
found themselves in agreement that
the legislative program should not be
longer delayed and that the treaty
should be brought again before the
sentate formally until a way to dis
pose of it finally had been opened by
.private discussion. There. were indi
cations that the resolution to declare
a state of peace might also be delayed
until important legislation had been
cleared away.
The disposition to leave the treaty
side tracked for the present was ex
pected by senators generally to be
reflected in the message which Pres
ident Wilson will, send to congress
tomorrow. None professed to have
any definite knowledge of the presi
dent's intentions, however, and
White House officials were silent to
night regarding the probable con
tents of the message.
In the short session .today neither
the treaty nor the peace resolution
was mentioned, but there was much
private talk which developed some
disposition to compromise on both
sides. Democratic senators who ap
proached Republicans on the subject
were told to put their proposals into
concrete form. They promised to do
so within a day or two.
For The Colonies
t 3,
.nl;:.n..: . ;r X:-r. i
V. X
LONDON Self-government for nil
British possessions has the support of
Lady Cowan, wife of Sir William
Cowan. She has an intimate knowl
edge of colonial affairs.
NO WORD OF RELEASE
FRESNO, Calif., Dec. 1. John Jen
kins, father of Win. O. Jenkins, had
received no word of the release of
his son, as reported in an unverified
report from Kl Pao, np o a late hour
'oilay.
It
GOsERNHT'S SECOND NOTE TO
MEXICO SHARP
HLHLW5 REOUE
OE
Carranza Accused of Attempting to Becloud the Issue and
Regards Plea for Not Releasing Consular As "Mere
. Excuse U. S. Will Not Be Drawn Away Frcm
Main Facts and Into Discussion "Irrelevant
. and AH Unimportant Matters"
...WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. The gov
ernment's note to Mexico, made pub
lic today at the hour of its delivery
in Mexico City, renews the request
for the immediate release of Wm. O.
Jenkins,., the.. American.. ..consular
agent, imprisoned., at.. Puebla,.. and
bluntly charges. Carranza.. with at
tempting to becloud the issue.
....In the sharpest language yet ..ad
dressed to the Carranza government,
and probably more pointed than one
government usually addresses to an
other in a formal diplomatic commu
nication, the United States says it
regards 'Mexico's plea of judicial rea
sons for not releasing Jenkins "mere
excuses" and adds that it will not be
drawn away from the main facts and
into a discussion of "irrelevant and
unimportant matters."
The attitude of the Carranza gov
ernment in the matter, the note says,
has been to "assume a wilful indif
ference to the feelings of the Amer
ican people ?.nd the conclusion drawn
by the government is that Mexico
has sought to divert the attention of
the American .people and the (Mexican
peopie as well from the fact that
Puebla, second largest city in Mex
ico, is overrun by bandi, while the
civil authorities are negligent."
No ultimatum was served 2nd no
time was given in which this govern
ment expects Jenkins to be released,
and neither was there any statement
in the note as to what the course of
the American government if the re
newed request for his release is de
nied. King Is Given Cool
Reception By Rome
Socialist Members
ROME, Dec. 1. The Socialist mem
bers of the chamber of deputies in
dulged in only a mild demonstration
on the occasion of the opening of par
liament today. Various rumors had
been circulated that the- Socialists in
tended to arry out a demonstration
that would prevent the king from
reading his speech from the throne.
After the custom, the king ana
queen and crown prince were the
principal figures in the gala proes
sion from the Quirinal to chamber.
All along the road they were enthusi
astically cheered, and at the entrance
were met by the great body of depu
ties and senators.
Within the Duiiding the king took
his seat at once on a dais. The en
tire house, with the exception of the
Socialists, arose and cheered him vo
ciferously. The Soialists remained in
their seats for a moment; then arose
ciying "Long live SotinHsni" a u left
the chamber.
TWO MEN FOUND DEAD.
Jose Martinez and Jesus Espinosa
were found dead in a room in Naco,
Sonora, on Sunday.
Atty. Gen. Palmer Says Wages
Offered Coal Miners Fair, and
Upholds Garfield's Decision
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 1. Attorney General Palmer called
upon the American people tonight to "refuse to be stampeded by
threats of lack of coal into concessions which will insure unreason
ably high prices in all commodities for at least three years to come."
A statement of the government's attitude was made by the attor
ney general in a telegram to the chamber of commerce at Moberly,
Mo., from which had come a request that another conference of op-
erators and miners be called.
Mr. Palmer opposed further conferences, saying the wage In
crease proposed by Dr. Garfield, equalized the average miners' wages
with the present high 'cost of living without increasing the price of
coal. This increase, he said, was fair to the miners and protected
the public.
"The cost of living is now'at the high Doint." Mr. Palmer said.
"To grant the demands of the miners would rrske the cost of living
still higher. The new wage conference would run three winters," and
therefore would maintain a higher cost of living for substantially
three years. Such a situation cannot be tolerated.
"In addition to this, Dr. Garfield suggested a consultative body
to investigate more completely the whole situation, to be composed
of representatives In equal number of the mineix and operators and
to be presided over by the secretary of the interior... Such a body
would invstlgate, among other things, the profits of the operators.
If these should be found to be unreasonably high, the public should
receive the benefit in a decreased price of coal."
EST EVER SENT;
ST FOR RELEASE
LARJGENT JENKINS
. . After a conference with Secretary
Lansing late today. Chairman Porter
of the house foreign affairs commit
tee expressed the opinion that "the
state department means business this
time."
Chairman Porter wes with Secre
tary Lansing for a half hour discuss
ing the Mexican situation in general
and later appeared hopeful of a solu
tion of the trouble,
"The danger to the United States
of this condition of continual unrest
and feeling of hostility toward us in
Mexico," Mr. Porter said, "lies in the
fact that it provides a fertile field
for anti-American., propaganda., and
even for a base of attack by any for
eign country that effected a combina
tion with Mexico... By this the spirit,
if not the letter, of the Monroe doc
trine, would be violated.
."Property rights have been violat
ed and the Mexican courts have de
clared unconstitutional and confisca
tory provisions of the Mexican funda
mental law against which we have
taken a strong stand... I have a copy
of the Mexican's court's 'decision in
this matter... If we permit the prop
erty rights of our nationals in Mex
ico to be thus violated, where can
xve,stop?.. Suppose Brazil and Argen
tina and Cermany and other nations
adopt, such a confiscatory law... Our
interests abroad would be wiped put.
...."For three years or more I have
been firmly convinced, that., either
amicable or forceful intervention in
Mexico by the United States was in
evitable... I have r.erd nothing here
thai leads me to change my mind.
WILL 1NGHEASE
DDCP nilTP T
I LllUUii ut
The Quarterly report for the period
ending Sept. 30. 1919, of the Shattuck
Arizona Copper company indicates
that the copper output of their mines
would be increased during the com
ing months. Lead ores are being
shipped to the milling plant at the
rate of GOO wet tons per day. A slight
improvement has been made in the re
covery of lead and silver values and
the lead milling plant now shows a
small profit per ton.
The total development work for the.
quarter was 716 feet, including 600
feet drifts. Practically all the new
work has been through hard limestone
without finding any ores of copper.
Operating expense for the quarter
was $89,158.01; milled and lead ex
pense. $138,793.18 and administrative
expense, $10,041.C8. Adding to these
three sums the depreciation of equip
ment of $18,329.81 leaves from the
total income or $310,626.14, a net in
come of $54,303.46.
iSHATTO! GO
PR
uu PAGE TWO
THE BISUEE DAILY REVJ
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1919
In
(HI ERE AND THERE IN ARIZONA
m
mi
j' 'mi iji. lauriB i miii Bga iy
nr i nn -n
FAIR PRICE CONFERENCE
IN PHOENIX DECEMBER 5
GLOBIC. Dec. 1. Final arrange
ments for the anti-profiteering con
ference at Phoenix, called by A.
Mitchell Palmer, United States at
torney general, were completed at a
conference between Governor Camp
bell, Wiley E. Jones, attorney gen
eral, and Thomas A. Flynn, United
States district attorney.. As a result
a call has been issued to all county
attorneys, chairmen of boards of su
pervisors and chairmen of active
fair price boards for the general con
ference which will be held at the
capitol at 8 p. m., December 5.
WAR AND PROHIBITION TALK BY
COL. SMITH SWAYS BIG AUDIENCE
STATE UNITED AMERICANS
ORGANIZED THIS WEEK
Fhoenix, Dec. 1. Harry A. Diehl,
president of the State Merchants' as
sociation and a member of the na
tional committee of the United
Americans, an organization newly
formed to preserve constitutional
government and to inculcate a better
spirit of Americanism, announced
yesterday that the formation of a
state oiganization would be com
pleted this week, followed shortly by
a general campaign for membership.
The United Americana as an organ
ization is being perfected throughout
the nation, and Mr.
Dealers Ice and Cold Storage plat
form and the ice company has con
sented to allow the city to use their
warehouse for storage purposes un
til the supplies have been disposed
of. Goods will be sold from the
store room when received here.
ORANGE PICKING IS
INTERRUPTED BY RAINS
MESA, Dec. 1. Orange picking in
the valley has been interrupted by
the recent rains, according to the
statement of R. Q. Grant, state me
teorologist, of Phoenix, but packing
and shipping have gone forward en
couragingly. All cars necessary
have been placed at the disposal of
the shippers, enabling Arizona
oranges to reach markets four weeks
in advance of others.
A carload of large size and supe
rior quality was started to the iNew
York markets Tuesday, as an opener
of the Arizona orange season.
Although cotton picking has been
delayed by rain and some damage
done to lint, there has been some
compensation in the softening of the
bolls by the unusual moisture.
Col. Dan Morgan Smith gave a
powerful address on the "fighting
front in the world war Sunday after
noon at the Y gymnasium. ,
pressive delivery and refinement of
manner, stamping him in a true
sense, as an officer and a gentleman.
. lie depicted and acTed out' the
The colonel was in command of scenes of the battlefield in most re
the famous "Battalion of Death," so rlistic monuer. He commended all the
called fiom its splendid fighting rec- welfare organizations, especially the
ord and the fatalities it inflighted on Salvation army.
the enemy. He closed with a powerful appeal
He resigned a high position in this lor the Anti-Saloon eague, saying
country to enlist as a private soldier., ;hat the denger was not yet passed
He rose from the ranks by sheer from the liquor evil; that the liquor
ability and pluck and attained the interests were busy preparing for a
high rank of colonel. He was cited trial of-strength, hiring the best law
for bravery. : yors In the country, and that it oe-
The colonel made a striking and hooved every decent person to Hup
powerful address to the large audi- port the cause of prohibition, both
ence. His magnificent physique, im , financially and morally.
DRILLING IS
RESUMED ST
BOWIE ILL
i
Y MINSTRELS R
PROVE TQ BE :
BIG OUCGESS:
ETROITY.W,
COiEH IS
HUGE SUCCESS
JUDGE SAWTELLE NAMES
NEW U. S. COURT CLERK
TUCSON. Nov. 30. Clifford R.
Diehl declared McFall, formerly secretary of Judge
yesterday that the principles for ( Sawtelle. and later assistant Lnitea
which it stood would be sure to gain j States district attorney, was yester
the support of all loyal persons injday appointed clerk of the federal
Arizona. The purpose of the new' court for Arizona, succeeding Mose
organization are to combine in sup- Drachman, resigned. The appoint-
port ol tne policies or trie rounaers, meni was maue uy iuu6c o..lc..
of the nation, to preserve American! The appointment
will take effect
Mon-
the
upon Mr. McFalls quahfyin
dav. He will be the clerk at
opening of court at Globe next week.
Mr. McFall is a young man, a na
tive of Phoenix, who came to' Tucson
about ftfe years ago to be secretary
institutions from a menace more se
rious and much closer to us than
the German submarines ever were;
to develop enthusiasm and zeal
through iifi affirmative and complete
maintain the constitution of the1 to Judge Sawtelle. His appointment
T-niti st a tea wiih its f imrantpuci nfma assistant district attorney fol-
iiwl i viil ii ;: I 1iliitv nrnnortv rights I lnwpJ close uDon his admission to
and representative
Lastly
to class consciousness and class or
ganization for selfish class purpose
as asiiinst the public welfare.
DioDerty
government. the bar. succeeding Gerald Jones
the organization is ODDOseU i who resignea to go io iraimug camy
niirtae his service in the district
attorney's office Mr. McFall has
shown considerable ability in the
trial cases.
Without relation to the resignation
rr Mi. Drachman. Miss Effie Botts,
chief deputy clerk of the court, will
leave her work in the clerk's" office
about the first of the year, her resig
nation haviftg been filed some time
MIAMI MINING MAN
TO LEAVE FOR IDAHO
MIAMI, Dec. 1. Mr. J. II. Wood
has resigned his position with the
International smelter and will leave
the district in a few days for El Pasoj
from where he expects to go toCoeur.ago
d'Alene regions of Idaho.
Mi. Woe J is one of the old timers
about Miami. lie was here before
the town vas built. He helped con
struct the smeller and has held a re-
MAY BUY YUMA LANDS
WITHOUT BEING PRESENT
PHOENIX, Dec. 1. Purchasers of
Dublic lands at the Yuma auction
sponsible position with the company aoip nee io. when Uncle Sam will
ever since its beginning here. 544 farm units to" the
The men over" whom Mr. Wood; highest bidder, need not be present
government
has been foreman presented him with
a beautiful geld chain yesterday.
in nerson. the government runng
that an authorized agent be permit
toil to make the purchase.
This was the announcement made
yesierday by S. D. Poole, chief clerk
of "the United States land office, who
stated that the agent must be pro
vided, however, with nn affidavit of
if
ARIZONA CONTINGENT
IS NOW IN SAN DIEGO
PHOENIX. Dec. 1. Arizona's con
tingent to the railroad celebration at
San Diego left at 5:50 o'clock Satur
day night over the Southern Pacific.; ,'10 purchaser's citizenship, of
Thirteen left Phoenix in a private cari naturalized citizen with a copy of his
reserved for the party, and several ; naturalizaHon papers.
went aboard the car at Yuma. "Thej The land. oPoie says, is considered
ccnlinsmt is headed by the gover-j tnc best citrus land in the state and
nor. has been appraised by the govern
Following are those out of Phoe-:ment at $225 an acre, which will be
nix: Governor and Mrs. Thomas E. .uc icast amount accepted by Uncle
CumnbeM. Phoenix: J. H. McClung, I o!1T,, n, mesent owner. Ud to 40
Phoenix; Mr. and Mrs. J. E. TUonip- acrC3 wm be sold to a person,
ton, Phoenix; Albert Steinfeld. Tuc-j
son; A. A. Carrick, Glendale; Mayor
and Mrs. P. Corpstein, Phoenix; Dr.
It. B. von KleinSmid. Tucson; C. H.
Akns. Phoenix; P. R. Milnes, Phoe
nix; Fred Cruice, Phoenix.
The car reached El Centro, on the
buutnc-in racinc oranci. uo ! lcft yesterday for Chile. S
the junction through the Imperial, wh(jre he ha3 actep.e
valley, at :io o ciock miik.ihjt mum-
lug ard was joined to tne tirsi over. (. company. Mr. Paul, with her
the new railroad, which extends from.; Jaughter 1)orothy and son Paul, will
El Centro to San Diego. j leave for San Uernardino. Cal., to-
The party will leave San Diego she w,n rem.Am untli
Doc. ?, for the return trip by way or, M arransC3 a home for them
bos Angeles. ! -a Sou(h America. They will then
Xr, -' join Mr- laul ln Chile.
The Y. M. C. A. entertainment Sat-
( nrrlav nio-lit true n nrmi nun rfwl ftlirv
cess. The money realized from the
affair will go into a fund for social
and community work of the Y. M. C.
A. during this winter.
Despite previous handicaps and dis-
couragemeit, Mr. S. A. Worcester, or
ganizer and director, made the entire conization, attended.
program an inteesting one. ..Tn nieeUne was Diosressive
E. A. Putnam, secretary of the local
' it t . ....... ..1 O .... .1 ... . F -.-
j l. .ti . v. a., ltiuriieu ounud; iiuiu
what he terms to be '"the most suc
j cessful convention the association
, has held."
The convention was held in Detroit,
Mich. Four thousand delegates, rep
resenting 750,000 members in the or-
From the first number to the last
in
thought and action," declared Put-
The chorus from Verdi's "I - Lorn-; ReDOrt of the work of the National
bardi" was composed of Mesdames -.. cm,nci an(i the Y. M. C. A. over-
Hatter, Lytle, Plunket, Putnam, . geas (luring the war was reviewed
Shetz, Wertz. Joint, White; Misses und accc.pted. Commendation by the
Anderson, Kernan, Wacek, and j ROVe.-nment of the -association activi-
Messrs. Comiiton, Gilbert, Gresham. ,iog during the war was received at
Harshman, Johnson, Prouse, Parry, . c convention.
Roberts, Umfleet, Norton, Ungeinach, -rhe delegates
Warmington and Johnson. The im
promptu Egyptian dance by Louis
Gregovich showed unusual talent in
Oriental interpretations, and the vio
lin solo Scene de Ballet, by Mr. Jo
seph Derlindis revealed marked abil
ity.
made declarations
of their position as affiliated with the
church, re emphasizing the intention
of the association to have its direc
tor of none other than the evangeli
cal churches.
The convention placed strong em
phasis on religious ideals being pro-
The cello solo by. Mr. K. It. Um- meted and perpetuated
fleet was thoroughly appreciated by ! ciation.
asso-
tisnuis iciui uiu iiuui i lie wen sue j
of the United States Oil and Refining j
company at Bowie Basin yesterday
gave highly encouraging reports of
conditions in that promising field. I
Drilling was lately resumed after a
somewhat protracted shut down due
to boiler leakages. A recurrence of
delays from this cause will be ob
viated in future by using soft water
from fresh water ponds a short dis
tance north of the well.
The water heretofore was drawn
from the company's water weil. This
water proved so intensely akaline that
iis use cannot be continued longer in
the boilers. Magnesium and sodium
chlirode held in solution corroded the
boiler metal and acted so destructive
ly that leakages developed after a few
days' use, and expensive repair work
was promptly followed by renewed
leakages. By use of soft waier from
the ponds referred to the work will
now progress without interruption.
Mr. Hickok, the new driller, recently
put in charge of the work, has prom
ised to average 30 feet daily in depth.
He speaks from the viewpoint of the
experienced practical driller and lik-
ens the formation in which te drill
is now cutting to the str'-rrrfi in the
rich Pennsylvania fields in which he
worked for many years:
The drill ns now working in im
pacted calcerous "clay and shales anJ
arenaceous concretionary matter,
which show oil in a public test recent
ly made in Bisbee. The slush from
the well when allowed to stand in the
slush pond proclaim the presence of
myriads of infinitesimal globules of
oil floating on the surface.
Two thousand -feet of additional
casing have now been delivered at.
Bowie by the Southern Pacific, giving
the company full complement of cas
ing necessary to reach the oil-bearing
horizon, which is composed entirely of
Bisbee and Douglas business men, ex
pects to prove the field during tho
first month of the new year.
White City Closed
By Fort Officers
TOMBSTONE, Dec. 1. White City,
a negro resort near Fort Huachuca,
will be.fuVced to close by the army
authorities according to a communica
tion received by the board of super
visors fiom CoL O. B. Wyn, of the
Tenth avalry. ,
For years the resort has been a
source of trouble for both the county
and army officials. Because of con
tinual disturbance at tne resort it
has been fared a race war would re
sult. The army officers have forbidden
their men from going to the place, and
without the soldiers' trade the resort
cannot be kept open.
Don Luis Mayor Says
Traffic Man Needed
They neer a traffic officer in Don
Luis. Everybody who passes through
thai town in an automobile seems to
take advantage of the lack of an offi
cial to enforce the laws.
James O'Malley, mayor of Don Luis,
in Bisbee on a visit, complains of this
condition. O'Malley believes the coun
ty should furnish Don Luis an officer.
Incidentally, he reports business in
Don Luis growing with the mines
flourishing.
Sure
Relief
Bell-ans
Hot water
Sure Relief
E LL-ANS
FOR INDIGESTION
CHICAGO MAY LOSE ITS
STOCKYARD SCENT
CHICAGO, Dec. 1. Health Commis
sioner John Dill Robertson, who has
abated the smoke nuisance in Chica
go, is now prepared to eliminate the
stockyards odor which when the wind
is in the right quarter, gives the city
a rich and distinctive atmosphere. '
RICE SOLD BY TICKET
TO HUNGRY FILIPINOS
MANILA, Dec. 1. The grave short
age of rice, the staple fool of the Phil
ippine islands, makes it necessary for
supplies to be sold only by ticket.
Rice cards were issued through the
police.
Fo. Job work tnat is ngnt Phone 39.
NEGRO LYNCHED
MACON, Ga.. Dec. 1. An unidenti
fied, negro was lynched near here last
night after he had shot and seriously
wounded Hansel Roscie, Jr., a farm
er's son.
X TRACE
Thousands who are none too strong trace the present
weakened state to influenza or some like-debilitating
illness. Such could not do better than try the
strength-restoring and body-building virtues of
Th
;s efficient tonic io nourishment in a form that helps
build up a healtny resistance. IF yea arc not in
your accnsto:ned strength rich, nourishing
SCOTTS EMULSION will help you. Tcy IU
The exrluf ivc srade of caMiver oil used la Scott' Emuliian is the fp.mous
"S. ft B. Process." made in Korwny nnd refined in our own Atnericnit
Laboratories. It is a gnarautce of purity aud palataUility uusurixutaed.
the listeners. Master John Brumby
won himself a "place ont he stage" by -XJi. "Hnmo tn PlV
singing "Oh, How I Hate to Get Up in iNUllC lttiUC IA 1 lJf
Oregon Xmas Day
the Morning. John is only six years i
oia. i
The Philharmonic Octette's number !
was novel andamusing. The "Dark- SOUTH BEND, Ind., Dec. 1. The
town Troubadours" made the big hit ' Xotre Dame football team will meet
of the evening. Dr. H. C. Zierath was ; the Oregon Aggies at Portland, Ore.,
cn Christmas day,' it was announced
today by the faculty. The squad,
which will consist of 13 men, will
leave South l end on December 19
and stops will be made at salient
Xlr AIa.-ho Tlf,. 1 1-i v riA Air Sun-'
shine; Mr. Downs, Mr. Gloom; Mr.
Matthes, Sambo Mr. Bowles, Mr.
Washington; Herman Beamer, Ras
tus, and Mr. McGlinn as Bones. Fol
lowing this number Mr. Rose pleased ! points of interest
the audience with an entertaining
monologue. ' A small deposit will reserve
The last number on the program
was an "oratorical contest" for the
magnum stannim medal. The two
contestants, Alonzo Critteinden and
Mr. Paul fought with words. First
the audiencehe ard Mark Anthony's
oration over the read body and then
for a moment the familiar lines from
Barco Bozzaris. Mr. Paul won the
medal.
your
Christmas selection till . December 20.
Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
Rind that 'new tenant through ad-
INSPIRATION FOREMAN
TAKES POSITION IN CHILE
MIAMI Dec. 1. A. H. Paul, who
! has been employed with the Inspiia
j tion Copper company the past five
I vears as foreman of the boiler shop.
South Amer-
...i .. ;.., Ulr
ica, wnere ne naa accepicu buuucw
position with ine .uue mspnunui'
TO CITIZENS AT COSTj FMir.RAT,0rj
GLOBE. Dec. 1. A second order
for supplies has been forwarded to
IS FEARED BY ENGLAND
LONDON, Dec. 1 British authori-
The
irElg T o Ty he c iy of Globe, and; lies expect that the problem of rc,,o,
U e supp ie should arrive here in'ulaMon w, be aggravated as
about 12 days. . abated -on as .W J.
car will be unloaded on the ties permit ......... -
j country tor America anu me tui
Meanwhile the birthrate antimarnage
rate have fallen orf to an alarming extent.'
DRIVE
IU
AWAY HEADACH
E
Rub Musterole on Forehead
. and Temples
A headache remedy without tho datv
pers of "headache medicine." Rclieye3
headache ana um miseraDie iceung
TON OF GOLD PIECES
SHIPPED TO CHINA
SEATTLK. Dev. l.-llair a million
dollars in $20 gold pieces, a ton of
lromcold3Orcon305tion. Anditactsat j metal, is consigned to the Asia t.anu
once! Musterole is a clean, white oint- ; jng corporation in Shanghai from a
ment,madewi'.ho:lcf rr.u?.2V P-ettcr I s0Httlc bank to help stablie currency
than a mustard ptenicr ?rA does not . ...
blister. Used c-ly crrrnallr, and i: m i-ninu.
no way can it zficct stomach and heart, o
as some internal medicines go. i i i-iai-umi v iru i-r
WHEN RHEUMATIC
PAINS HIT HARD
Have Slop's Liniment ready for
thote ".udder rheumatic
t . tv.ine9
iON'T let that rheumatic pain
or acne nnd you without bloan s
Liniment arjin. Keep it handv
in the medicine cabinet for immediate
action when nc.dcd. f you are out of
it now, get another bottle today, so
you won't suffer any longer than nec
essary when a pain or ache attacks you.
Apply it without rubbing for it
penetrates giving prompt relief of
sciatica, lumbago, neuralgia, lameness,
soreness, sprains, strains, bruises. Be
prepnej keep it handy.
All druggists 35c, 70c., $1.40.
Excellent for sore throat, bronchitis,
croup, stiff neck, asthma,, neuralgia,
congestion, pleurisy, rheumalbm, lum
bago, all pains and aches of the back
or joints, sprains, sore muscles braises,
chilblains, frosted feet, cold3 of tho
chest (it often prevents pneumonia), i have
30c and 60c jars; hospital size $2.50, 1 taxl
TO FORMER CONVICTS
CHICAGO, Dec. 1. Member ol ti c j
lisl
city council, invest igai ins the crime
situation, are disturbed by I lie fact
that more than l"o fonner convi:'.;
been giTm licenses to di n e
abs.
Best hot chocolate in lo n Daily
and Sundav. Lowell Dnis ('. Adt.
H;;t but cb-X-fUtp in n Vim!
and Sunday. Lowell Drus Co Ad-, t.
STOMACH UPSET?
Get at Iho Real Cause Take
Dr. Edwar-uY Olive Tablets
That's what thousand:? of finr.iarh
sufferers are doing now. Instead oi
taking tonics, or Irvine; to patch up a
poor digestion, they are attacking '.he
ifal cause of the ailment donned
liver and disordered bowel.-.
I)r. Iidwards' Olivi Tablets aroufe !
the liver in a pootliin-:, healing; wav. 1
When the liver and bowels are per- '
forming their natural functions, away ,
goes indigestion and stomach troubles, j
Have you a bad taste, coated
fontjuc, rxxT apictitr, a lazy, don't- '
tare feclinK. no ambition or cnoriry, j
trouble with undigested foods? 'lake
Olive Tablets, the substitute for calomel. !
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets are a
liu-ely vegetable compound mixed with
olive oil. iYou will know them bv their
olive color. They do the work v. ithout
griping, cramps or pain.
Take ciw or two at bedtime for quirk
:chei. i-at what you like. 10cand2o
b ythe asso-i
i : :
, i4lfv,.' . . "rv ; dA&tui&ui t o
I .-: SPERRY FLOUR CO.'S fP'' J
l CUUNTpBCr NEW MILL
W"-' j Vallejo,Californuu t$-'
1 . . , Maurice Couchot, Engineer IkAl
I ' ' j Dinwiddie Construction Co V''"
I "I. j. , -"tm - j. - j L Contractor ij
1 1 f I ! Covered with Pabco 20-year
I 1 f X! I I I O J I I Built-UpRoof l
E-iH
IS THEIBEST
IIP
. BUY
THE 51k S
AND
SAVE MONEY
IN THE 51b. SIZE
CA $2.60 a Can
LB. 6(V 1 lb. Can
Phelps Dodge Mercantile fo.
mm, DeiibiAs, mm, vim, haco
LZE
Following are a few prom
inent buildings covered
with Pabco 10 and 20
Year Roofs:
Fairmont Hotel, San Francuco
Emporium, San Francisco
Sati Francisco Civic Cenltr
Building,
City Halt, Library, Auditorium
Bclhlchcm Shipbuilding Corp,
( Turbine Shop
Alameda, Calif.
Moore Shipbuilding Plant,
Oakland, Calif.
Technical fif A Schoot,
Oakland, Calif.
flew Academy of Sciences,
San Francisco
4lhcr$ Milling Co. 'i New Mill,
Oakland, Calif.
A. B. SprecMs Residence
San Ftuiicuco
Guaranteed for
10 or 20 years
Guaranteed.not by an individual who may go out
of business in a year or two, but by a $5,000,000
corporation one of the oldest and best-known
business institutions in the West a firm of un
questioned reliability. Here is a roof that posi
tively relieves owner, architect and contractor
alike of all annoyance, responsibility and uncertainty.
10 and 20
YEAR
l PABCO )
j' P.cofins
Fc'.ta 1
I F.".i!r!i-!3
Papers
Waterproofing
Materials
Wa'.I-ro.trd
F'oorCoverin
Iiv'.iswial
Paints
1. . ij.ird
T'npir T'o"Cs
Vibrc
Cc.nt2i;-.jrs
PABCO
Built-up Roofs
are constructed on the building itself. Successive
layers of saturated roofing felt and ready roofing
are cemented together with hot Floatine our
special roofing asphaltum and the top surface of
this built-up roof is finally given a flood-coat of
hot Floatine in which is embedded clean, dry
gravel. All angles and corners are stoutly rein
forced and edges securely joined to walls and
projections.
PABCO Built-Up Roofs are applied by us or
by reliable roofing contractors approved by us,
and strictly according to our rigid specifications.
After a thorough inspection, each roof is guaran
teed in writing against defects in materials and
workmanship for io or 20 years 10 years for one
type of specification, 20 years for the other.
The importance of the best roofs for permanent buildings
cannot be overestimated. PABCO 10 and 20 Year Roofs are
built especially for permanence and protection. They are
cheapest because uf long service and freedom from after ex-
penso and trouble.
Write us for completo specifications and full details.
THE PARAFFJNG
COMPANIES, INC.
SAN IRANCiSCO
i
j
1 TUESDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1919
THE B I SU EE
I) A T L Y
PAGE THREE
7
i
3
1
'J
- 4
I
1 C OS.
Editecl b
AeaS "Rnr-Uirt Rirhrvn
"I have had the happiest home lite
of any marc I have ever known," wrote
Theodore Roosevelt, "inis letter, to a
member of Mrs. Rooseveii's family,
describes a birthday scer.s and pays
to the children's mother the highest
tribute. Such a letter, and others cf
the series, afford merely a glimpse,
but a revelation of tl.e home life of
this flr.tat American. Ed.
INSTALLMENT SEVEN
Loves and Sports of the Children
(To Miss Emily T. Taiow)
Oyster Bay, Au?ust 6, 1303.
Today is Edith'st birthday pnd the
children have, been too cunning in cel
ebrating it. Ethel had hemstitched a i
li'.tle handkerchief herself, and she
had taken her gift and the gifts of ail
the other children into her room and
neatly wrapped them up in white pa
per and tied with ribbons. They were
for the most part taken downstairs
and put at her plate at breakfast time.
Then at lunch in marched Kermit and
Ethel with a cake, burning 42 candles,
and each candle with a piece of paper
tied to it purporting to show the ani
mal or inanimate object from which i
the candle came. ' AH the doss and
horses Renown, Bleisteiu, Yagenka, '
Algonquin, Sailor. Boy, Brier Hector,
etc., as well as Tom Quartz the cat,
the extraordinary named hens such
ns Baron bpeckle and Fierce, and fin
ally even the boats and that pome
granate which Edith gave Kermit and
which has always been known as San
tiago, had each his or her or its bag
on a special candle.
Edith Is very well this summer and
she looks so young and pretty. She
rides with us a great deal and loves
Yagenka as much as ever. .We also
go out rowing together, taking our
lunch and a book or two with us. The
children fairly worship here, as they
ouiht to, for a more devoted mother
never was known. The children them-
S.v. - , . . " ' ?v .
COPYRIGHT, 1919 By
chai?u:s scri Sucre's sons.
state, to present them. Ha appeared j great fun wilh thorn, and I am touched j
! in what was really a very striking! by the way in which they feel that l(
i costume, that of a hussar. As soon ' am their special friend, champion and i
! as the ceremony was over, I told him j companion. I
I to put on civilized raiment, which he) Today all, young and old, from th? j
I did, raid he spent a. couple of days three houses went with us to service!
with me. We chopped, ana shot, and i on the great battleship Kearsarge
j rode together. He- was delighted for the fleet is here to be inspected
, with Wyoming, and, as always, was ; by me tomorrow. It was an impres
' extremely nice to the children. j sive sight, one which I think the chil-
1 The other day all the children gave i dren will not soon forget. Most of j
' amusing amateur theatricals, gotten ; the boys afterward went to lunch wi .h j
up by Lorraine and Ted. The acting the wretched Secretary Moody on thr?
was upon Laura .Roosevelt's tennis j Dolphin. Ted had the younger ones
court. All the children were most i very much on his mind, and when he j
cunning, 'especially Quentin as Cupid, ! got back said they had been alto- !
tin the scantiest of pink muslin tights j gether too much like a March Hare j
i and bodice. Ted and Lorraine, who tea party, as Archie, Nicholas and,
Iwere respectively George Washington 1 Oliver were not alive to the dignity
! and Cleopatra, really carried off the j of the occasion.
package
before fhs war
packaas
during tils ivar
Ted, now Col. Roosevelt, and his
mother, rode together daily. Mrs.
Roosevelt joined her children in the
outdoor sports they loved. Her hus
band was very proud of her ability as i
a rider. I
Ensign Hamner of the Sylph. They
wrestle, shoot, swim, play tennis and
go off on long expeditions in the
1 boats. Quenty-quec has cast off the j
selves are as cunning and good as ' trammels of the nursery" and become i
possible. Ted is nearly as' tall as I ; a most active : and fearles thougii i
am and as tough and wiry as you can very good tempered little boy. Real-
imagine. He Is a really good rider and i ly the children do have an ideal plf.ee '
can hold his own in walkjng, running, j for them. The three sets of cousins
swimming, shooting wrestling and are always together. I. am rather (lis-1
boxing. Kermit Is as cunning as ever concerted by the fact that they per-!
and has devedoped greatly. He and sist in regarding me as a playmot r '
his inseparable Philip started out for This afternoon, for. instance, v, ; :j ,
a night's camping in their best the ra?:iy, r.nd all of them from George, ;
other day. A driving storm came up Tel. Lorraine and Ethel down to j
and they had to put back really show- Archibald, Nicholas and Quejitin, ;
ouing both pluck, skill and judgment. ; with the addition of Aleck, Rupsell
They reached home, after having been and Ensign Hamner, came to get mo
out 12 hours, at 9 in the evening. , to play with them in the old bain,
Archie continues devoted to Algon-1 They plead so hard that I finally -r ivo
quin and to Nicholas. Ted's play- in, but upon my word, I hardly i:x'. v
mates are George and Jack, Aleck ' whether it was quite right for the
Russell, who is in Princeton, and president to be engaged in such wild
V- cAV ,-ir- '- - " i'- -4 ' 31,
:.rv
1
j i
Ah; -
if"
iiA-tr.-F.-?-".-.
Ylleal comfort- sr
A good oil heater filled
with Pearl Oil assures you
comfcrt. Gives steady hcr.t
at the touch of a match. Ho
smoke, no odor, no dust, no
dirt. Easy to carry about.
. Economical. Less fumc.ee
heat and fewer grate arcl
coal-stove fires required. Oil
consumed only when heat is
needed no waste,
! Pearl Oil b refined and re
refined by our special process
which makes it clean burning.
For sale in bulk by dealers
everywhere the eame hih
quality kerosene as the Pearl Oil
sold in five-gailon cans. There
is a saving; by buying in bulk.
Order by name Pearl Oil.
We rscommend Perfection Oil
Heaters.
fftt
(KEROSENE)
HEAT AND LIGHT
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
ic a l i r o u.
' J. J. SPARKS, Special Agent, Standejrd Oil Co., Bklee, Ariz.
romping as the next two hours saw.
The bain is filled with hay, and of
course meets every requirement for
the nioT. active species of liide-and-srek
and the like. Quentin enjoyed
the gc.mo as much as anyone, and
would jump down from tie hi.y lvel
to another 15, feet below wilh com
plete abandon
I took Kermit and Archie, with
Philip, Oliver and Nicholas, out for
a night's camping in the two row
boats lapt week. They enjoyed them
selves heartily, as usual, each sleep
ing rolled up in his blanket, and" all
getting up at an unearthly hour. Also
as usual, they displayed a touching
and firm conviction that my cooking
is unequalled. It was of a simple
character, consisting of frying beef-
j steak first and then potatoes in bacon
jf.-'t.nver the camn lire: but they cer
tainly ate in a way that showed their
I words were not uttered in a spirit of
i empty compliment.
. A President at Play
I (To Miss Emily T. Carow.)
Oysfer Day, Aug. 16, 1903.
j Archie and Nick continue insep
arable. I wish you could have seen
; them the other day, aftr one of the
! picnics, walking solemnly up, jointly
j carrying a basket, and each with a
captured turtle in his disengaged
I hand. Archie is a most warm heart
j ed, loving, cunning liitle goose,
j Quentin, a merry soul, has now be
j come entirely one of the children,
(and joins heartily in all their plays,
: including (lie renins in the old barn,
j When Eth'l had her birthday the one
i entertainment for which she stipn
; lated was that I should take part in
land supervise a romp, in the old barn.
, to which all the Rooi-evelt children.
. Ensign Hamner of the Sylph, Bob Fer
I ruson and Aleck Russell were to
; come. Of conrse, I had not the heart
; to refuse; but reallv it seems, to put
it mndly, rMhor odd for a stout, el-
derly president to be bouncing over
; hav ricks in a wild effort to get to
i goal before an active midget of a
comnotitnr. at'ed nine years. IIow
; ever, it was really great fun.
j One of our recent picnics was an
; innovation, due to TCditli. We went
: in carriages or on horseback to Jane'?
Hill, some chrht miles distant. The
j view was lovely, and thre was a
i lishtful old farmhouse half a mile
away, v. here we left our horses.
1 Ppeek ((iermnn ambandor. Connf
; Sneck von Sternberg) rode with
'. F.rlit'i rnd me, looking more like
j Hani Chvlslhin Andersen's lif'.lo tin
! soldier than ever. His papers as am-
basador had finally come, and so he
I had turned up at Oyster Bay, to
getber with the noting secretary of
play. At the end all the cast joined
hands, in a song and dance, the final
verse being devoted especially to me.
I love all these children and have
(To Be Continued.)
Perfumery for Christmas F;:ime:s,
Rowr Calets, Djer Kiss. Adit.
Quickest
Pain
Killer on
Earth
mQR L&STS
FBE PRICES
Mustarine Stops All Pain in. Half the Time It Takes Other!
Remedies Oftentimes in Five Pvliniites. Subdues
Inflammation and Reduces Swellings !
TAKES ONLY ONE SMALL BOX TO PROVE IT j
j
Don't tie downhearted! Never m'.nd it j Uv-t;i::f sic, cr.i : 'chc r.l nesiralsri.i in fiv. I
yon have tried plasters and lininwnls j iainutos in an hour ;:!! mi.-' iy v. ili ills- I
and ether things that don't start to ; api-a-. j
lani?h the pain and agony till day nftor ! Sore throat roes over niht lui;-.'o'ijo
tomorrow. . ngony in an hour. Chem ;i!,! ;, t-.tiff
If you want to kill pain, get rid of j neck, neuritis, plourirv. riKuiK-tie pr.in;:
: he3 draw out inflamniation and make ; and swellinpr! all yield ;reiv.;t'.y :'nd t;iv
all swelling disappear with nmazing speedily ended with Mr.ot.tri'-. t!-c or
speed fret a box of liegry's Ml'STAIUXK . inal mi'Ftard phister suh.-titule. : 1 v.-ays
ripht
Chemist IJepy disoovered Ivlustarino.
H - m,i-!e !t of trood. honest, true yellow !
mustard added other pain-destroying in- j
predients took out the hlister and aston-
ished the medical profession by givinK to ;
the wor.'d a preparation ten times bolter
than Grandmother's good old fashioned !
hut dirty and blistering nmstard piaster. '
iusfarir.e relieves hackaelie, head-eho.
in the yellow bey.
mai mms) frfh
-0Mm mm feW'
mm MMf fim$.
mm mm mm
k. -m
1
ire- 'you sure otwour vraResi
Unreliable brakes are a constant menace to your safety
?
J
"TTHE trafuc ofiicer signals you
I to stop and it takes six or
lL eight feet more than you
thought necessary.
Perhaps in this case it means
nothing more than a littie embar
rassment. Suppose, however, it was an
emergency that demanded a sud
den scop.
,. Those few feet might mean the
difference between safety and a
serious accident.
And yet to have your brakes al
wavs efficient is as eaay as it is nec
essary. Ask. your .arae man to inspect
them regularly.
If they are O.K. he will tell j-ou
so p.nd the knowledje will create a
feeling cf security you could not
otherwise hope for.
If they need relining have it
done but do not buy just "brake
lining" your safety is too im
portant for that. Experts specify
a lining only after they know what
it will do after exhaustive tests
and all leading car and axle
builders specify Thermoid Brake
Lining.
The national brake inspection
movement.
Your attention is called to this move
ment wh'.ch has increased and will con
tinue to increase the safety of the road
only as ail motorists realize their duty
tJ lend it their support end to have their
bralrcs inspected before the touring sea
son opens.
Crdiiiary Woven
Lining
Notice the loosely
woven texture.
Wears down quick
ly and unevenly.
Thermoid Hydwilis
Compressed
Brake Lining
Notice the compact
texture. Wears
down slowly.
Gives uniform
gripping surface
until worn wafer
thin.
2. Thermoid Brake Lining is Grapnalized,
an exclusive process which creates resis
tance to moisture, oil and gasoline.
3. Every square inch of Thermoid is hy
draulic compressed at a pressure of 2000
pounds.
Because of this, Thermoid is uniform ail
the way through. It cannot compress in
service, causing constant adjustment of
the bands.
The measure of Thermoid value
These three exclusive features form the
measure of Thermoid value to the motor
ist his assurance of longest, safest ser
vice at the lowest possible price.
Have your dealer inspect your brake
today.
Thermoid will make good
or WE WILL.
It is positively guaranteed to outwear
and give more satisfactory service than
any other brake lining.
Loses its gripping
power as it wears.
Specify Thermoid it offers you
more material greater service
1. There is over 40?S more material and
60 more labor in the manufacture of
Thermoid Brake Lining than in any woven
brake lining.
Ihertnoid Kubber ComparuJ
Factory and Main Offiovs:
Trenton, N. J. 4
San Francisco
New York
Detroit
Cleveland
London
Chicago
Lot Angelea
Pittsbur
Paris
Philadelphia
Boston
Tuna
Canadian Distributor
The Canadian Fairbanks-Morse Company,
Limited, Montreal
Branches in all principal Canadian cities
rake
ht v- L-"" " v-, wrv aa
Hydraulic Compressed
Tin L-rsnriJ-Har-dy Universal Joints," and "Thermoid Crolidc Compound Tires'
157 PAGE FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY RE VIE W
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1919
Sire Sister Ba 4&nrirw I WILL GABRIEL BL OW HIS TRUMPET ?
By Morris
Bouillabaisse
B. P. GUILD, General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
By F. F. M.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per Month S...80
Six months . 4.50
Twelve Months . . 9.00
Sunday (Weekly) Per Year : 2.50
Statements to Review subscribers are rendered on or about the
first of every month. If you receive The Review through a City
Carrier, he will bring your statement to you for collection. Make
all checks payable to The Bisbee Daily Review. Those desiring
subscriptions for more than one month may secure them by advis
ing The Review office.
A THOUGHT FOR THE DAY
"Base envy withers at another's joy
And hates that excellence it cannot reach."
Thomson.
RADICALISM AND CRIME
RAIDS are being conducted in various cities of the west on head
quarters of the Industrial Workers of the World. Men are
being arrested and quantities of documents and pamphlets are
being seized. In some cases the police are conducting these
raids and in others posses of angry citizens are rushing the meeting
places of the radicals. Throughout the Pacific coast states a feeling
of determination to root out these agents of evil is manifest.
Little will be accomplished in permanent cure of lhi3 abomina
tion of malevolent radicalism unless those engaged in it are either
permanently deported, if aliens, or sent to prison for long terms.
Arrests followed by releases after short detention will not correct
the condition. The men will merely return to their mischievous
work more hostile than ever -to the law and its institutions. They
will continue to plot and foment discord and scheme for the over
turn of the industrial organization under cover. Their organization
itself will remain p rallying point to all of the discntented.
Under its constitution the body known as the Industrial Workers
of the Wiiid is distinctly seditious. Its members are pledged to
unceasing work to change the existing social order in this country.
They have taken an oath of allegience to principles that are directly
in conflict with the laws of property. They Fhould be, in the name
of, their organization, branded as outlaws and membership in that
body should be accepted by the courts as proof of criminal intent
if not of criminal action.
It is doubtless impossible wholly to eradicate radicalism. There,
wlil probably always be an irreducible minimum of dissent in any
body -politic. But the present radical agitation is assuredly not that
minimum. Free speech and the right of protest should not be con
strued as permitting or excusing preachments and publications and
schemes of murder and arson and pillage. The sooner that these
conspirators against public safety are classed with the thugs and
thieve3 and gunmen, whom the ordinary criminal laws can reach,
the more secure the country will be, not only on. the Pacific coast,
but i nether parts.
LEGION AGAINST ALL GERMAN ACTIVITIES
THE American Legion is opposed to any attempt at this time to
resume relations with Gaunan activities and lends its influ
ence against the resumption "of German opera, against instruc
tion in the German tongue in our schools, and against all pub
lic performances and addresses in German, according to a telegram
which Franklin D'Olier, national commander, has sent to Andy Mar
tin, Arizona state commander, in Tucson. This may seem a trifle
stringent at first blush, but it is not bo. From the day of the sign
ing of the armistice, the Germans have not for a single moment
displayed themselves as penitent over their world crime in the
slightest particular. Their attitude is already insufferably boastful
end unregeneratt. To permit the use of the German tongue in .
music, school, theatre or forum is to encourage and accentuate this
unchastened attitude, which is in a fair way soon again to menace
the peace of the world. Following the lesson of defeat by arms,
which they seem net to have learned well, the Germans must bo
taught the bitter lesson of ostracism. The sufferings of American
manhood, now represented in the American Legion, are too recent,
too fresh in memory, to heal the breach so quickly. Let us have
the necessary trade with Germany for mutual benefit, but no more.
The Germans ir'ist still be taught that they must go through a long
period of expiation and atonement before they can be treated as
friends and brothers. The American Legion has again taken the
right course.
BOXING CARD GETS LEASE OF LIFE
rOVKR.VOR CAMPBELL has announced that the special session
of the state lcjdolature to bo called in the spring will deal with
Sla the Susan B. Anthony suffrage only, and -will be as brief as
possible, for. he says, -the inclusion of other matters would
means a long and expensive session, which neither he nor the tax
payers of the state desire. This means that no action will be taken
asainst. the sta'e boxing bill next year, if any is taken at the next
regular session or the legislature. The governor had openly expressed
his stand against boxing, and had been petitioned to include the
repeal or the boxing till in the call for a special session. The new
lease or life thus given boxing will serve to give the promoters a
year in which to fu nish the fans of the state with clean, manly
sport, free from gambling and other attendant evils. If this is done,
the hue and cry against boxing on the part of certain elements
in the state should die down of its own accord. If there is any black
mark asainst the 'game" in Arizona, it does not come from Bisbee
or Douglas. The local promoters have given the fans clean sport,
which has served to present many good evenings of enjoyment hero,
and the sport has uniformly been kept unhesmirrhed in Douglas also.
It would be a shame ir one or two unscrupulous promoters should be
able to give boxing a bad name throughout the state. It is to be
hoped that warning will be taken by the citizens in communities
where untoward Incidents have occurred in connection with boxing
programs, to clean house during the year of grace now granted the
game.
ARIZONA TO RATIFY SUFFRAGE
RIZON'A is to enjoy the honor of being one of the states who
will be instrumental in bringing the ballot to the women of
the nation in time for the 1920 presidential election. For
Governor Campbell has written in a letter to Bisbee that it is
his intention to call a special session of the state legislature next
spring for the jurposc of ratifying the Susan B. Anthony national
nuffracr amendment." The announcement will be received with re
joicing by brtthmen md women throughout the state. Arizona is
a pioneer suffrage style one of the first iti the union to give woman
the ballot and with its splendid and consistent suffrage record it
would be unroituna'c Mid imju.'.t to tin; state's sentiments on the
subject to delay th; mi'ter of ratification until the next ruln
session of the legislature, when the opportunity to put cuuul suftrafV
on a national basis in time Vr lIJ-0 eleetion would be pas'. The
women of the nation urgently n .1 'the aHion of every available
statelli's spring, ami ii is lilting thai Aii.ona, on its sulTrage record,
shoul dbc among the ratifying sisterhood.
bu
Having failed lo pass the treaty, the two political parfies are now
busy passing the buck.
1 ; ri
Turning Back the Calendar
Seventeen Years Ago In Bisbee
SMILE WITH US
LIFE UNDERGROUND
(The following was brought to the Daily Review by J. C. S., a miner,
for publication in tlm column. Editor's note.)
Twinkle, twinkle, little Czar;
I know exactly where you are
Underneath the ground sc far,
Hot as h and black ns tar:
Here perspiration freely flows
It trickles down and off your nose;
Runs down your limbs into your shoes,
And from your pantaloons doth ooze.
Here you tug and lift and pry.
With copper water in your eye.
You rub your forehead and your nose.
And wonder where your money goes.
If e'er I live to see the day
When I don't have to work for pay,
I'll bid farewell to this old hole
And seek redemption for my soul!
PEPY'S DIARY IN BISBEE
Dec. 1. Up with a light head and heavy limbs, due to the grippe, which
kept in bed o-er Sunday, while my wife waited on me r.s diligently as a
paid nurso, which made me think that when I am well again I will undoubt
edly run against a millinery bill, but I will be content, as I would rather be
anything but sick. Up for a while in the evening, when a friend's wife
ci'.rao to visit us, leaving her husband at home, he having been at a party
the night before and ill disposed to go out. So I bundled up warmly nnd
took her home when he,did not cull for her, and when we got to her house
much surprised to find him not there. I talked with her, and then home
again, finding him citiing in my kitchen, eating Thanksgiving tandy and
drinking cider with my wife, so that it was a fifty-fifty break, and all or
us much amused. To Judge Allison, whom I found with a lot of plumbing
tools'so I thought that the cold weather has caused him 'some of the same
trouble that has bothered others of us. The sun shining brightly this day,
and the snow disappearing, but the nights still coldish, but being ill, I can
requisition the hot water bottle, and so find going to bed to be rather a
pleascnt thing, and 1' do not have to sleep with my knees around my neck.
To Chief Kempton, who is rounding up the burros, but who is not saying
very much about -his work, being between the women who have gardens
and the pioneers who love burros, which is very much like to, but infinitely
worse, than being between the devil and salt water. Much speculation this
cay about the paving on Main street, and whether it will be completed
before Christmas, but no answers, all being content to leave it in the Jap
of the gods, where it lies anyhow. To the gymnasium, where I watched the
boxers train, groaning and puffing and breathing hard through the nose
while they tossed the medicine ball, which made me think that perhaps the
(fighter who can snort the loudest must be the best, although authorities
j differ with me and have warned me not to bet on this hypothesis, although
I still believe I am correct. Home for dinner, rinding my wire still solicit
' ous about my health, and she so nice to me that I tear the millinery bill
is going to be a whopper. Glad that we have eaten the last of the turkey,
j which had been served to me in so many styles since Thanksgiving Day
' that I was beginning to think that it had been something like the fabled
j phoenix and resurrected itself continually from the fire. To bed early.
a wife.
(From the Bisbee Daily Revie w of Tuesday, December 2, 1902.).
F. 3. Dorr of the Douglas Dispatch
is making that paper one of the best
weekly newspapers in the territory.
Dorr has a good newspaper field and
knows how to take advantage of it.
Mr. C. Barcley has been placed in
charge of purchasing of supplies for
the Copper Queen smelter and mines
at this place.
Lyon Birdno was up from Cananea
I yesterday, where he reports every
( thing very quiet. He returns today
to resume work in the mines.
Rev. Harvey M. Shields was taken
violently ill Sunday night but came
out all right under the scientific
care of Dr. Caven.
Jack Foster spent Sunday in Bis
bee. Jimmy Howell, member-elect to the
next territorial assembly, was in
Bisbee yesteiday looking over the
field of his recent political victory.
up o fan S. P. train at Cochise sta
tion, Alvord was dismissed on motion
"f the district attorney, who stated
IT STUCK TO THE ERASER
The teacher had written 92.7 on
the. blaekhnnrd and in slmur ilm of.
feet of multiplying U by 10, rubbed I f:ndin myself still weak in the knees, and the hot water bottle more than
out the decimal point. She then
j turned to the class and said:
1 "Now, M ary, where is the decimal
j point?" "
j "On the duster, Miss," Mary replied
without hesitation. Edinburgth Scots-
man.
that a jury could not be secured toj
convict where the death penalty wasl
imposed without murder having been
committed. ' There are two other j
charges still pending against Alvord.:
YOUNG GALAHAD.
''I'd face a dragon for your sake."
"There are other things Algy."
"What do you mean?"
"The cost of living will give you
quite enough to face." Louisville
THEY NEED IT FOR THE BEER- j
A quiet little dinner party, which Courier-Journal
from all accounts happened "byi
chance," took place at. the Alhambra
last evening. There were oysters,
champagne and other good things. I INGS.
Those present were Messrs. Wren.j Bannon Just what do you mean by
Demorest, Elledge, Stump, Smith and 1 '"bone dry?"
Mcssner. I Shannon When there's no fluid to
! lubricate the booze joints.-r-Cartoons
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Douglas
Bisbee and Superintendent R.
Morean of the E. P. & S. W. at Doug-
1
of . magazine.
C.i
SIMILAR!! 1.
A mild sensation occurred in the
district court room in Tombstone
yesterday when the case of the Ter
ritory vs. l'urt Alvord, charged with
cssauli. with intent to commit rob-
!as came in last evening in a special man is a eood deal IllCe a nencil
car over the new line and will re- To make his mark he has to be j
main in the city for a few days, says sharp. but he has to be pushed.Bos
tho El Paso Times. Professor Doug- tou Transcript. '
las, president of the new road, will :
OUT OF THE DEPTHS
The melancholy days are come,
The saddest of the year,
When married men all worried are
In rustling Christmas cheer!
WE ASK TO KNOW
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle says that there will be tobacco and booze in
heaven. Where, then, are our prohibitionist friends going to go?
LIES OF THE DAY
The grippe is a rather pleasant ailment.
The greater part of Bisbee is not sick of turkey.
The Warren district is complaining much at being cut off from Douglas
because of bad roads. ,
A stretch of paved road does not look like a celestrial highway these
days.
Supporters of the candidacy cf Charlie Roberts Tor the governorship
are increasing daily.
Dan Cupid does not like cold weather in Bisbee witness the licenses
to wed.
o
Daily Thought For Ma'rried Men
Well, if all women were born tongueless, a lot of excitement would be
taken out of life for us who belong to the Lamb's League.
arrive today either over the South
ern Pacific or Santa Fe. A banquet
will be given Wednesday night at
which it is expected to be announced
.vhen the new passenger service will
lery in connection with the holding be inaugurated.
WIIUL
I
inn WW
k Mi y H
A Daily Health Column Conducted by the United States Public Health
Service by Direction of
RUPERT BLUE,
Surgeon Gitieral, U. S. Public Health Service.
IN THE WORLD OF WOMAN
DAILY SMILE FOR WOMEN. in next with an average of 5. Tho
Miss Roxley-Oldun One thing consolation falls to St. Paul, where
worries me and that is the wedding j the fact cannot be hidden that the
trin. f will he horrid to have neonle average Size is a full six.
know.
Her Dear Friend Oh, don't worry.
Get him to cull you "Ma" when
you're traveling and they'll think you
arc hi.s mother. Boston Transcript.
What may be the result of this
For Clubs' Head
' The man who eats the least is 1 he
man who is least appreciated by the
cook.
We wonder what pio'i a poli1 ici.in irei-.. r udiMienng hi.; country
OUR BABY.
An average healthy baby weighs
from 7 to 7Vi pounds at birth, 13
pounds at 5 or 6 months, and 21
pounds at 12 months. In other words,
the baby doubles it weight in six
months and trebles it in twelve
months.
It is 20 to 1 inches long at birth,
2a to 26 inches at (5 months and 2S or
29 Inches a'. 12 months.
More rapid gains are noted in the
first six months than in the second
.six months. The average weekly gain
is about four ounces.
I tJeet; smindlw I
Is happy, act i ve and enjoys using
Us arms and legs freely.
Begins to follow moving objects
iwith i.s eyes at Cue second or
j month.
Begins to sit unsupported at the
i seventh or eighth month. j
1 Cuts its -first 'too '.Ii from the sixth
J to ninth month; lias about six teeth
'at twele uionht twelve teeth at
eighteen months, sixteen teeth at
'twenty-four months and twenty teeth
I at thirty months.
j Walks from the fourteenth, to the
I i eveiit'-i.n'ii monUi.
"UNCLE SAM, M. D.(" will an.
swer, either in this column or by
mail, questions of general interest
relating only to hygiene, sanita
tion, and the prevention of dis
ease. It will be impossible for
him to answer questions of a
purely personal nature, or to pre
scribe for individual diseases.
Address:
INFORMATION EDITOR,
U. S. Public Health Service,
WASHINGTON, D. C.
MENU FOR TODAY.
BREAKFAST Baked apples, ce
real with top milk, broiled bacon,
toast, coffee.
LUNCH FOX Macaroni and
cheese, gr.-iliam bread and butter,
peanut cookies, tea.
DINNER Clear soup, filet of
beef, twice baked potatoes, cauliflow
er, endive salad, bread and butter,
canned pears, cofee.
The soft spot or opening in the
:;kull closes between tho eighteenth :
and twenty-fourth month.
Begins to say words . like "papa"
and "mamma" after the twellth
third I month.
WHAT GI2E IS WOMAN'S FOOT?
Another entry in th rate for popu-:
k'r discussion lliKi time the shoc;
al(rs have thrust into the public
1 forum the subject of the size of
foot census, is moot. Chicago, whose
citizens were once popularly accred-j
Ued with large feel, may argue that
figures of the average foot size of
Chicago women hove been grossly
exaggerated in the past.
Others may turn flippant with
allusions to the fact that foot sizeH
matters not if the woman in ques
tion is tho "right" one; or that
what counts is the manner in which
i woman stamps her foot when an
gry. Bjd Effect on Future.
But a sure effect promises to be
that the sNic dealers' announcement
of the avei Kge size of women's shoes
worn in various cities spells misery I
for many women ana excess proms
of chiropodist a. For now women may
try to sViuczo Ihcir long-suffering
teet. into shoes below the average
r.ize in their respective cities.
ANSWERED.
CJ. Will you Kiiggest some relief for
bleeding piles
A. The most satisfactory trcatim.nt
of bleeding piles is to have thvm tie.l
off and removed by surgical opera
tion. Such an operation can be per
formed under a local anesthetic It
is not at all dangerous. Medicines
will not cure the couditiuu.
;v.Tj:;n's feet throughout the country.
! Iii'iniry among i.hoe dealers of;
; r(-i'-'c!Ti'aMv? citie.; ;,hows that the
least i;i out of the running lor first
I place. Hono'.st lor the smallest ave
ra.?' f:)oi. si .4 j ar? divided evenly,
: between Chicngo. Atlanta and San'
i Kriniisco, in Vhich three cities the
'iiveiagc Nizo i.s th smallest" in
1 ih! country.
Laiuect in St. Paul.
New York Ul'.ows with 4'-B. .iid be;.l in butter, xalt. pepper and
Ansel'.. nd Wr.bhington are a half! milk, l'c.if. Kciul skins, sprinkle
further ;.way from the goal; and: with .".rated cheese and return to a
Clcv'i'und, Husburgh. Philadelphia, j very hot oven Tor six. or vil min
M ilwa'j'-.ec .nd I'ortland. Ore., come i ut(s.
TODAY'S RECIPE.
T'U';-: BAKI I) POTATOKS.
4 medium sized p-ilatoes.
1 triilespoon butter.
4 f ihioj ponus hot. milk.
Sri i JVl pepper.
J !.iii!os;,ooiis grated cheese.
I'm Miiooth potatoes. Wash thor-l
uuf.-.h!y with .'Stable brush. Bake;
;n a he' oven tor cbout 40 minutes
and the potatoes should be soft. Take!
fvom oV.n. ut from toB of M 1NNKAPOLIS Mrs. Thonw... G.
eac h i't'.d ;s( o-.ip out inside. Ma"! j Winter, director of Ameriei'r.i.at ion
for the General Federation of W0111-
i tCr: t
fcr" war:"-
Ei?..S-.S.?
t
m ...
V--. ".V '
c-W'-".-.r;.
r
M 5 w-'-f S
1 -
p
en's Clubs, will be candidate for
presidency of the fodera4ion at tho
biennial convention in Des Moines
next June. . L
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1919
THE BIS BEE DAILY RE VIEW
PAGE FIVE
..i
i
LOCAL
IN
THE
REALM
OF
MORLD
itnnnnzsjimKnai
,
i
V
i
. 1
j
' J
i
COUNTRY CLUB
GDLF TOURNEY
STARTS DEC. 1
From Ddsebes BuMc
With
BY TRIS SPEAKER,
Manager of the Near-Champion
Indians
It was the opening of the 1919 bi.
game hunting season on Ontario. Ul
With the final matches for qualifi
cation played last Sunday, and the va
rious entrants and classes posted, ev
erything is in readiness for the mid-! der foot was 24 inches of soft snov. .
winter golf tourney at the Country ! over head the sun was shinign its.
club. D. K. White, formerly profes- Drigniest. jusi sucn a aay anu suci
sional coif Dlaver at the Svlvania a time that a man dreams about the
Golf club, Toledo, Ohio, who was re
cently appointed instructor Tor the
local club, has been coaching the
players since Thanksgiving day, when
the first flight for qualification was
held. White classified the players ac
cording to the average scores made
since the opening flights and paired
tne players off as nearly equal as pos
sible. The. irst round of the December
flight will start Sunday, Dec. 7, when
the Red and Blue teams, composed of birCheg
rest of the year and glories in tht
realization of it when it comes again
Twenty feet ahead of me was m.
guide. We had gone down the short
of the island about a mile and hit the
winter road, intending to hunt back
to a chain of lakes about two miles
inlaid. We had gone in anly aboul
half way when off a ridge some two
hundred yards I spotted what 1
thought was a pair of buck deei
horns showing dimly through the
Class A players, will meet the losers
to pay for the dinner ' the following
Saturday. II. Poppen will captain the
Reds and W. B. Gohring, the Blues.
The following Sunday the feature
play of the day will be two-ball four
somes with members of Class B par
ticipating, followed by a dinner at the
club house in the evening. Sunday,
Dec. 14, a oneclub match will hold the
attention of the golf fans and the
final tourney will be played Saturday
and Sunday, Dec. 20 and 21. The fol
lowing week the bogey handicap
match will be the feature, while Jan-
Calling tiack the guide I asked him
if he saw the same thing I did. We
both agreed that it was a buck, though
neither of us would have bet much on
it.
"Let him have it," said my man,
and I did.
"Did you see him jump?"' he asked
me after the first crack.
I admitted I did and as the big buck
turned another shot split the ozine
and with it the old boy dropped -like
a log.
We plowed through the snow and
uary 1, New Year's day, has been set over fallen timber and on arriving on
aside for the flag contest and the
qualifying play for the January flight.
Following is the list of the- entrants
and the classes to which they were
assigned by Instructor White:
December Flight Class A.
G. II. Dowell vs. V. M. Johnson.
H. Poppen vs W B Gohring
Joe Chapman vs. L. F. Sweeney.
Thomas Cowen vs. H. Ziesemer.
December Flight Class B
I. F. Burgess vs. Ira B. Joralenion.
A. McGregor draws a bye.
J. A. H olden vs. J. P. Williamson.
A. Dupen vs. D. M. McAllister.
A. Houle vs. J. C. B. Amos.
December Flight Class C.
L. Dupen vs. William T. Brooks.
F. C. Wheeler vs. H. B. Johnson.
Ik S. Hollis vs. A. Notman.
C. W. Cromwell vs. J. G. Cowan.
December Flight Class D.
K. L Mohler vs. r. M. Buckwalter.
O. B. Carlisle vs. E. E, Whitely.
J. B. Bouick vs. A. J. Bahmforth.
J. E. Lanning vs. A. O. Johnson.
top of the ridge found a splendid big
buck deer, with an unusually nice
head. It was all the guide and my
self could do to get the big fellow
tied up. I found both shots had
struck fairly within four inches of
each other. We estimated the, buck
, to weigh 250 pounds.
! We got back to camp about dark,
' after seeing a number of fresh deer
and caribou tracks. The whole party
had seen much evidence of game dur
ing the day, but the big buck proved
to be the day's bag.
j The next day it took four men to
get that old he-boq back to camp and
with It Came the solving of the meat
question for the rest of the trip.
i The meat problem after I got back
to Cleveland was the puzzler. Every
one wanted a steak.
i The head is now being mounted. I
is the wedding present I promised
i Ray Chapman, my hustling shortstop.
OVER TIE STATf
SPORT CIRCUIT
Soltice Co. Sells
Tombstone Property
The Soltice Mining and Milling
company Tombstone, has been sold to
Mr. W. T. Boyd. Boyd is said to be
acting for other interests, but will re
tain a certain amount of the stock.
With silver at $1.35 it is considered
one of the best mines around the
Tombstone dihstrict. The selling
price was not disclosed. Mr. Boyd
oougnc an outstanding siock ana me nainent at the Tucson Y. M. C. A.,
mine will be run as a closed corpora- with a t01a, of eight games won and
tion- one lost. The smelter city boys
l startcij m Ceaning up things in the
Is he a rcador? Give Lira a year's i opening stages of the game and only
subscription to his favorite magazine. 0nee did they taste defeat, when the
We take subscriptions for all publicn-1 phoenix team showed a sudden
tions at regular publisher's prices, j burst of speed and managed to grab
ten n to us ana save writing a let- one game.
DOUGLAS VOLLEY BALL CHAMP.
After seven hours of almost con
tinuous playing, Douglas Saturday
right won the r.tate volley ball tour-
ter. Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
Perfumery for Christmas Palmers,
Roger Galet's, Djer Kiss Advt.
Buy him a case for his Kodak or
a tank developer. Lowell Drug Co.
Advt.
CHEST CLOSGEO If?
WITH HEAVY GOLD?
Dcn't give it a chance to
"set in" use Dr. Kins'a
New Discovery
Each of the teams in the ourna
ment played a best two out of three
series with every other team.' The
Miami team, which finished last in
the tournament, rallied in its last
game, put up a remarkable showing
nni managed to keep from being
I blanked by rouiDine away from Bis-
bee for one game.
, Following is the way the teams fin
ished:
Teams . Won. Lost.
Douglas 8 1
Phoenix 6 3
Bisbee 6 5
Tucson 2 6
Miami 1 8
:AT dangerous sta;:o whore n
cold or rough or casr of
grippe might got the better
of you may le nearer limn you
think. Prompt action with Dr.
King's New Discovery will avert a
long siege.
For lifty years it hns loosened
congested chests !i;;j:;t'd tifbt- piciung
packed phlegm, b'o-'-t'ii ir.mis ''owl
nnd coultIis. Givo it to the" younir
.tprs take it yourself. T!u-:e will.
ho tio disagree; ')! nf'er-c iVee ts.
;o fiixl $!.-' a 1 ttl. At your
druj.glst'.s. Cive it, a t
Dczott.s Norn?E;l
Ecvsls
liver l;e:.s r.p, bile Hows fnv.My
hoi;lju-l: liiilnusni'ss, ton"iu-:'u:
r.tm::ir!:-srunn'ss, .::tip':ir wIh-ii
Ir. K:t:gs N.-w J.Vf I'll! g' t i:i
Un'ir n.'Uirnl, -o:,..'innMe action.
i.i ; j .W lll'l'l: !!... I ' I? t . 411-
rertlvo, sometime.--. l;a!;li-iVv-iiiiir:. jrc'.tlc Ue fig"'
should not be taken to r;nu mo
Kvst.'iu violently. Nature's way Is
tl.e way of lr. Kind's New Life
ii!ls ;;on?iy liit liriiily fnm-tioii.n;;
Hie bowels, elinilnutin? the inte-tlne-eloggaig
wa.-te, an-1 prumoting
the inos; gratifying riu!;. t'l.niiise
Ihe sv'.eui with tlii'iu ii'n) know the
IxmiiToI' regular bowels, -de. at all
lii'UgUlti.
TUCSON SEES WOODS VICTOR.
Says Ringsider in the Tucson Star:
The fans are wondering who will
referee the mill there on Dec. 11.
when Happy is due to tangle with
Johnnie Meyers, the Warren Dis
trict favorite. If they're wise they
will quit worrying about a third man
in the ring and devote their time to
out the two husky mucner
to carry Johnnie out oi uie rms
about the third round. Meyers is a
good lad and a game one, but he
lack3 the speed to win from Woods.
K Meyers could last ten rounds he
might get a draw decision on points.
i'Ui otherwise ho can't win. He
h:ipn't (ho punch to put Happy out
:nd he hasn't the defense to pre
vent Happy from getting in a good
wallop in the first three or four
round. And one Woods wallop will
sr a
jpectk&r '
w;rf:7i
JOHfill
STARTS DRIVE
FORI 921 TEW;
"Off the bargain counters by Christ
mas" seems to be the order of the day
in the American and National leagues.
John McGraw has started his "dollar
drive" for the 1920 pennant in the Na
tional league. With ten months to go
before another National ltague pen
i nanc is hauled to the masthead it
looks like John had a good chance to
i do all the buying his heart desires.
! John is ready to buy any kind ot a ball
j player that would look good in a Giant
1 uniform and already huge sums of
; money are mentioned as an ordinary
i baseball man would speak of a bag
! of peanuts. What does McGraw care
if he can win a flag.. Evidently New
' York baseball fans are for a pennant
winning ball club and nothing less.
j John got a la:e start last year, but
i he's on the job early for the 1920 sea
1 son.
was in 1919. With a coiking outfield
the Reds' chances to win auo.her pen
nant are mighty bright.
But to win a ponnena miwy mfwyy
But to win another pennant for
New York McGraw realizes he must
replace about halt of his present work
ing torce. The infield is precty well
shot. McGraw has his eyes on Roger
Hornsby. They have been on Roger
for over a year, but the scrappy Mugg-
sy believes a deal will go through this
time.
Giants who are in danger o:' losing j
out include the famous lk'nnk Kauff !
along with vetcrnn members of the
infield. Bennie ?sn't t'.irov.j h as a big i
leaguer, fcu: McGraw i.sni' as sweet on
hlTM Ar. '.- :1 tn an1 ll-iilTa'
', Bennie vjjld look better on some j
I other loam.
In the American leagcu the Cleve-
land Indians are hot on the trail of a j
left-hander. With a good porlsider on i
the staff the Indians might win. The !
White Sox will do some bolstering, j
They've got to if Comiskey's club is j
in the race. The 1919 lineup can't j
pull through, hick andil is soured on I
his job and wants Gto be a manager i
out on the coast. New pitchers are J
needed.
The Yankees will do seme spending, j
too. Both New ork clubs are intent i
on 1920 pnnants and thvy-re willin
J. uBrt; halfbacks, J. Lanyon, J. Gil
bert, J. Madden; forwards, J. Rule, M.
Palmer, W. Crowe, C. Harding and J.
White; reserves, J. Hicks, C. Long.
Perfumery for Christmas Palmers,
Roger Galet's Djer Kiss. Vivadous,
Mary Garden, and Day Dream. Com
bination sets also. Lowell Drug Co.
Advt.
S TOO
HEAVY FOR BELL'S
It helps Nature quickly and
thoroughly, Dr. Ik'J.V.
Pine-Tar-IIor-ey dees
STOP toting around a cisKy,ric.".Me
and dangerous cold. Let I'r.
Bell's risic-Tur-Ho:;ey iM.-t !-.
ability' as a supremely 1 1 ru.l t:i'.;
in relieving phlegm, ctun'rifrr, in
flammation, congest iof, i.o '.i scii..-?,
difficult breathing. Lcl it Iv.-lp jgu :is
it regularly helps tho-:ra:ri- cf '.t'.vrs
for whom its balsamic cvA lu ii.r,;
antiseptics ucvtr fail to p.ro:-.i' r. i
i Safe for the little oiu-."., ti.e'. A-i
economical bottle ran L.e :ro
from your druggist Vh.y. Tn: t's '. ! c
wise thing to do. JOc.cOc.. $1.2-
ir4 !St',
VvA'M
i. r .i f ir.
VP ' f.yr. ft' gr-
- . . .
The Reds have let it be known that ut' l-
Charley See and Sherry Magee would ! hf war. between Frazee, Ruppert
i not be among them next year. That a"u u,u,y on ou biue, anu
means another outfielder is needed. , Ban Johnson and the owners of De
j That is where McGraw come in. He tr0lt' Cleveland, Wai"iii ston. Philadel
1 -would like to have Jimmy Ring of the 1 Ph,la and s" uis on cth,ir' i3 the
! nA. and 1,- wnnlrt h willin- i. ho- i old bi,! ' Ihoyll W.!i . -verything
cure a good outfielder for Morun in
This Is the Dear T lis Brought Heme
BY RAZZ BERRY
It is going to be a long cold winter i
for some one. The army and navy '
gridironisls have wagered each other j
their blankets on the annual game. '
but the "Hikes" make the most noise.
Take on blanket away from our
fighting men and there is nothing left j
for the scene with Morpheus.
According to Kii Gleason's i-2'..p
there were a lot of rood football
teams this seoson. They all lcs'. ex
cepting Centre, Harvard and Uciie
Dame.
exchange'. Moran is pretty well fixed
for pitchers, but a lot. of Cincy fans
would hate to see a mja hko Ring
j leaving t'jwn. He- is one of the bright
est looking pitching prospec.s In the
i league.
j But the Reds must- have another
' outfielder. Pat Duncan surely deliver
ed for Moran in the world series and
at the close of the national race, and
Eddie Roush and Greasy N?ale will
be back on the job. Roush, Neale and
Duncan make up a fine trio of out
fielders, but what if Duncan should
prove a flash in the pan or one of the
other gardeners suffer injuries? Then
Moran would be in the same fix ho
out as soon as the rebellious ones
find they can't ride roughshod over
Ban Johnson.
te-vfTa. k-M jifv, - V ' i "y i v --f , ' ' ',
C, Q, Soccer Team
Meet K. C. Sunday
T
. Just Try R2D2L2 To-n:bt
Note how thorotxhl.-' it it !rsj-j aivJ Ipcts
the bi'e and seis Uie iiluKrfi.h I'vtr i-m! ijirdy
bowels in action. Just tmoo'li. comt jr:.;ij'.'
relief for men, woir.ei1, boys ;tui ..'i
Fred Fulton is back
war tour of Europe.
from a po.1-: t-
Joe Beckett told him to go get a
reputation. If Joe inquired back here
he would have found out that Fred
already had one.
Minneapolis is a sure-Mike town.
Besides Mike O'Dowd there is Mike
Gibbons and Mike Cillins and little
Mike Ertle. Across the river the base
ball fans swear by Mike Kelley.
The "Oles's may be in th emajorlty.
Accordinglo the winter league ex
perts Pat Moran is on the verge of
giving away everyone on the Cincin
nati payroll, excepting (himself and
Garry Herrmann, to the Giants and
Cardinals.
RIGHT EARFUL
John McGraw learned the lesson of
early shopping during the last season
and has started in early for the next
season.
LEFT EARFUL
There must be a little liquid dyna:
mite left in the world; the baseball
clubs are trading off everything but
their bats.
The Copper Queen soccer fool ball
tc.an i.s in shape and icady for act'on
vji:;n the players meet the K. C. ag
gregation next Sunday :it Warren.
The tvo teams are fairly well match
ed rnd a fast game is looked for.
The- following will take their places
with the Copper Queen team: Goal,
Yv. Lancaster; fullbacks, J. Hope and I
I VT
OUP
Spasmodic crcv.p is
usually relieved with
one application of
VICffSVAFORDBf.
-YOUR BODYGUARD" -30f. 50. l
"
U
J B
1
5
Pueblo. A big crowd of fight fans
wa3 on hand to watch Paddy. Dillon
put on several rounds with Kid
Beaver, who is to figM George Moss
on the same card. Although out
weighed,, Paddy showed up good
"against Beaver.
McMahon, who has watched Pad
dy's fights for five years, said last
night that he had never seen Dillon
show up as good as he did in his first
day's training. J
Danny Kramer arrived in
Monday and immediately
training.
Is he a reader? Give him a year's
subscription to his favorite magazine.
We take subscriptions for all publica
tions at regular publisher's prices.
Tell it to us and save writing a let
ter. Lowell Drug Co. Advt.
Read the Daily Review Want Ads.
Tucson
started
MOSS CAN TAKE WALLOP.
If there is a single man in the
game who can stand one of Happy
Woods' wallops, that man is George
Moss of Los Angeles, who will fight j
Kid Peaver of Yuma in one of the !
main events at the armory on the I
night of Dec. 5, says Ringsider in the
Tucson Star. Moss has shown that
he is entitled to the name of "The
Iron Man of Los Angeles." How he
takes hard blows and grins is "a mys
tery. The winner of the Moss-Beaver
go will probably be matched with
Happy. If Moss wins the fight, he Is
liable- to be one lad who will stay
tho entire ten rounds with Happy.
Flabby Skins Become
Firm and Youthful
With
The patting in of the Muscle
Oil daily and the application
of the Skin Toning Lotion
after
Marinello
Rest Facial
A single treatment rests the
tired nerves and improves
the complexion.
Information Free.
Perruinery for Christmas Palmers,
Roger Galet's Djer Kiss. Vivadous,
Mary Garden, and Day Dream. Com
bination sets also. Lowell Drug Co.
Advt.
McDonald's Marinello Shop
Phone 305
Camels are sold everywAero in ocenffio
ally sealed packages of 20 cigarettes; or
ten packages 200 cigarettes) in a glass-ine-pap'er-covered
carton. We strongly
reevmmend this carton for the home or
office supply, or when you travel.
R. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO COMPAN'l
Wintton-Salam, N. C.
CAMELS' expert blend of choice
Turkish arxl choice Domestic
tobaccos answers every cigarette
desire you ever had I Camels give
such universal delight, such unusual
enjoyment and satisfaction you'll
call them a cigarette revelation !
If you'd like a cigarette that does
not leave any unpleasant cigaretty
aftertaste or unpleasant cigaretty
odor, smoke Camels! If you
hunger for a rich, mellow-mild
cigarette that has all that desirable
cigarette "body" well, you get
some Camels as quickly as you can!
Camels' expert blend makes all this
delightful quality possible. Your
personal test will prove that Camel
Cigarettes are the only cigarettes
you ever smoked that just seem
made to meet your taste 1 You will
prefer them to cither kind of to
bacco smoked straight !
Compare .Camels for quality and
satisfaction with any cigarette in
the world at any price 1
KRAMER TO 'MEET DILLON. j
Paddy Dilion, who will fight Danny:
Kramer in the main event of Billy,
MeMahcn's card at the armory in
Tu( son on tuo night of Dec. 5. began j
his training Saturday Hfternoon ;
the M. &. M. quarters iu the Old
-?rWj:rp rzT'1- .r:f"i.v:::-A
I 1 v ,t v. .3 b Ti --4,1 mf..:-swii i -li-r-;?.;-.
y win ii '' ' -- "-Viiiiii m rff mmm c 'j,: f- '''.'j'r
a -
f.
Tlie Easier Kind of Coffee T)
-No Cofltce-pot Needed. '
Dissolves instantly in hot or fi.'Jf' .fA
cold water. Absolutely pure , O'Cy Jl
E
Originated by Mr. Washington in 1909
All t 1 .'.'r-IT. 1 . r .1 . .1 ? 1 xrrr 1 .
"k -'t yiLyuiiug zucnapcauy ana pcrjcaiy aor.c py Mr. wasningrons process.
delicious coffee always.
Each cup to order no
grounds no bother
no waste.
G. Washington Sales Co., Inc., 334 Fifth Ave.
Mew i ork r
1
Ait
' 3
J, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1919
PAGE SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
MIL STREET if LIGHTER HEM
When it is safe to leave a box of
cigarettes around the inside of a cage
in a trust company near Wall Street
there is something wrong,, v.r at least
peculiar. witJi our present financial
systef. The gentlemen who undertook
to explain to me some of the intrl-ct-a'es
of money movement on Wall
Street poured forth an unintelligi
ble stream of language about stocks
and bonds, margins and profits, us
ing tonus that the avenge layman'
knows nolhing about, and for vmch
he cares less.
"Oh yes, the other day when cjI1
money was so high I called in $30,
000,000 over the phone from brokers.
Mtiioy, why that is the .no:,', plenti
ful thine: around here. Hut if "oaja
ever take a job in one of these
houses don't leave your cigarettes
lying around, it is not safe. The man
man next to you who is counting
those $100,000 checks may take a
fancy to them. Then they aio gone.'
He spoke half boast ingly, half hu
morously. He was comparatively new
to the game and still bubfc'ed over
with the novice'a enthusiasm. "They
put me to counting money first, then
I graduated to figuring urn-gins un
til the president hapened to see me
and shoved me . back at money work,
saying- that it took years of exper
ience to figure margins. I had no ar
gument." By ths time he had finished
punching the adding jnachius. We
fiet Oil to set1 me Kiiiiuus
change and the curb market.
iVall Street is not such a bad plate
after all. As a child I had imagined it
as a pltce where bulls :nd bea-s
chased ach other .around trrough
the namrw canyon3 formed by the
tall buildiags, tripping over the
curbs and bumping into innocent by
standers in their attempt to otitwit
one another in "doing" someone out
of his money. But Wall S'.reet was
like any other street. Perhfip.s the
people were in a little more of a
hurry. Their faces, most of them,
showed worry. Who does not worry
over money matters in this world,
so that should not be the cause ot
their trouble. Those who should have
been hurrying were not. In front of
a book shop where cheap novels
were advertised two Western Union
mesengers were discussing the rela
tive literary value of a "Diamond
Dick" and a "Mushy Mystery." while
an old gentleman groomed as the
latest fashion demanded wa9 half
running up the street.
We swung into the revolving door
on Wall Street that gave entrance
to the Stock Exchange. A uniformed
attendant stoped us.
"Whatja want?" he demanded try
ing to block the twelve foot pasoge
with his rather narrow frame.
"We are going up in the gallery."
"All light, go!" he stood aSide with
a gruff expression.
From the gallery I loked down on
hP rit of the Stock Exchange. Be
low me, and across and the other
side of the room in narrow stalls,
r fhe telenhone booths of the lif
ferent brokerage, firms. "From these
the sales and orderB for purchases
are telephoned to and from the of
fices of the brokers. On the floor,
congregating around the twenty
posts .were the brokers, their mes
seneer" boys and assistants or clerks.
A dull buzz, the hum of voices, arose
fmm the dU. telephones jangiea.
now and then a broker called, loudly
or whistled for a messenger, the tick
er behind me droned out incessan-
lv the ouotations on a never ending
trin of naper. Letters and numbers
numbers and letters. Above the tick
er on a card was the key to the ab
breviations. On either wall large
black boards indicated automatically
numbers. Were they stock quota
tions? No. for there were no abbrev
iations and the numbers ran in series
advancing from the bottom upward.
Now there flashed 295,296,297 among
the others, then they disappeared.
An official guide or explainer to
' the ignorant answered my question
,and informed me that they were in
dicators. Each broker had a number,
when a telephone call came for him
it was registered on the board. Just
like the call numbers for motor cars
over the, entrance of theatre or de
partment store, that wis one way of
being paged.
We learned that business was dull
that morning. Saturday only the odds
and ends of business were cleaued
up I wondered what the exchange
would be like on a very busy day.
A few dfvs back when call money
rose to HO per cent and stocks fluc
tuated as great as fifty points the
place must have been more like a
mad Kouse than a dignified market.
The individual brokers on the floor
were men in the prime of life, heal
thy, prosperous and energetic look
ing. Here and there sn elderly gen
tleman wandered among the throng,
pad in hand, greeting a few frieno
or scribbling a sale or purchase on his
pad. A messenger took the memoran
dum from him over to the telephone
booths. What a dull existence at
best those brokers must lead on the
Stock Exchange. I left the Exchange
disappointed, here was not the hub
bub and scramble there that I ex
pected. .An entirely different spectacle was
to be seen below Wall on Nassau
Street in front of an old brick build
ing on the lower floor of which was
a United Cigar store and a closed
buffet. A wild looking crowd of seem
ingly insane youths bundled up in.
old clothes, sheep skin coats, muf
flers, aitic boots and varied colored
caps and .hats crowded around one
another, filing; the street from curb
to curb, . shouting and waving their
hands in the air while fingers made
fantastic motions. This was the curb
market. A tough loking coleciion of
brokers to say the least.
The buying an selling here went
on the same as on the Stock Ex
change only any one who wished
could buy and sell. The means for
exchange of stocks were not as con
venient as on the Exchange. Being
done on the streets other means hail
to be found for comunicating from
the street to the brokers' jofl'ieea.
This was found, and the result re-
sombled a deaf and dumb school on
picnic
The brokers in the street signaled
with their hands to operators, with
telephone headgear on, in the win
dows of the red brick building and
the one just opposite . The sales
were thus telephoned to the various
offices. The curb brokers wore dif
ferent colored caps, white, or white
with green stripes, red. purple, lav
endar or black with white initials on
the crown. Their fingers danced and
shimmied in grotesque figures. The
operators signaled back to them in
the same manner. Sharp whistles or
a clanking bell from the window at
tracted the attention of the broker;
he watched and received his orders. I
made his purchase or sale and signal
ed back the result. One operator tap
ped the window pane, another ham
mered the stone casing with a tuning
fork. Each operator producing an in
dividual noise and each served its
purpose to. attract the attention of
the broker.
Most of the brokers in the street
seemed-to be youths about twenty or
twenty-two years old. They jostled
and pushed and milled around, calling
their wares like street venders, and
many of them could have been push
ing a go cart full of bananas without
appearing out of place. Traffic con
tinued to use Uassau street as if
there has been no one there. The
crowd opened up to let an ambulance
pass, a taxi followed, and the hole
closed up again. '
The curb, too, was having a quite
morning, my companion t-old me. Well,
I would keep away from it when it
was having an unquiet period.
Leaving the curb' market I turned
north up Nassau street toward the
United States treasury that stands' on
the corner of Wall street directly op
posite the building owned by Morgan
and company. An imposing corner it
was with those three buildings, the
Exchange, the Treasury and the Mor
gon building. When I first saw the
Morgan structure I thought it was a
morgue, it looked 60 sold and silent,
standing dignified among the other
higher although less impressive build
ings. This, then, was the center of
financial America and financial New
York.
Continuing up Nassau street a
block or two the atmosphere changed
a little. Shops, the kind that are
seen in a business district, became
plentiful, shops for the most part that
catered to men. The restaurants ap
peared as if they were only used dur
ing the day and not at all in the
evening. They gave the feeling that
they were in a hurry to have you come
in and get out so that they might
close as soon as possible.
Wall Street for the casual visitor is
unattractive. So was the impression
that it gave me. But with its unat
tractiveness there was a certain
charm about it. The tall buildings
towering story above story, cutting off
the rays of the sun and casting long
gloomy shadows over the narrow
streets; the people passing with an
air of business; the lack of women
and the over quantity of men. the
very rumble f passing taxies and mo
tor cars seemed to breath the word
that things were being accomplished,
big business was being done. Yet the
bigness did not detract from the har
mony and smoothness with which
everything proceeded.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
U S Land Office at Phoenix. Arizona,
October 31, 1919.
Notice is hereby given that Hugh E.
Fletcher, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on January 23. 1915. made Home
stead Entrv No. 026598 for ENE'A
SWHNEft' NttSEHNEH. SE1-4NE
1-4NE1-4. Sec. 11. SNWttNW4. N
tiSWUNWU. NEMNW4, NSEl-4
NW1-4. vy.NWl-4NWUNEi,4, SWU
NWVi N E Vi . 'NW V. S W NEU . Section
12, Township 23-S, Ranee 20-E, O. &
S. R B & Meridian, has filed notice
of intention to make three-year Proof,
to establish claim to the land above
described, before Jared D. Taylor, U.
S. Commissioner, at iBsbee, Arizona,
on the 12th day of December, 1919.
Claimant names at witnesses:
Henry Magne. of Garcos, Ariz.
John Dinwiddle, of C.arces, Ariz.
Peter Havorty, of Garces, Ariz.
Charles R. Bierterman. of Hereford,
Ariz. J. L. IRVIN,
11-8-19 26t Register.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
STOCKS AND BONDS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 1. Trading on
the stock exchange today continued
to emphasize in variable degree the
many adverse conditions which hang
over the financial and industrial
markets of the world.
Market opinions, as viewed by
leading banks and brokeage interests.
touched upon the many
important
questions to come before congress
and the unwieldy trade balance of
this country resulted in further depre
ciation of exchange on London and
Paris.
The status of the coal strike, textile
labor disturbances and tense Mexican j
situation and uncertainty respecting j
the outcome of important litigation
now before the supreme court were I
included among the other issues that
contributed to the market's irreghlar
trend.
General Motors, Tierce Arrow, Cru
cible Steel and some of the high
priced oils, in all of which an exten
sive short interest is believed to ex
ist, rose and fell within a radidl of
5 to almost 12 points.
Intermittent strength was shown by
shippings, sugars, leathers and kin
dred specialties, but only in a few in
stances did prices hold at the end,
even though call money dropped from
the opening rate of 7 per cent to 6
on unusually free offerings. Sales,
l.Or.0,000 shares.
Several of Liberty and Victory is-j
sues rallfed from early low levels, but
the general domestic and foreign
bond list was heavy. Total sales, par
value, $23,700,000. Old United States
bonds were unchanged on call.
MINERAL MARKET.
NEW YORK, D.ec. 1. Lead quiet;
spot, $6.656.75. Zinc strong; spot.
East St. Louis delivery, 8.07 '8.20.
Bar silver, 1.29. Copper quiet, 18(g)
1S!.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 1. Cotton closed
steady at a net gain
points.
of 18 to 52
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Closing Quotations December 1, 1919.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
American Can 50
American Car 132 V2
American Beet 9014
American Sugar 131
American Smelters 61
American Locomotive 91
Baldwin Locomotive 106
Bethlehem Steel 90
B. & O 33
Cerro - - 53 Vi
Central Leather 92
Crucible Steel
C. & O
Canadian Pacific
Dutch - -
General Motors
Great Noithern pfd
Great Northern Ore
. 197
... 56
.... 138V2
99
.... 328
.... 78
38 V.
Goodrich ,- 78
Industrial Alcohol -. 98
International Nickel 22
Maxwell Motors .' 36
Marine 45.
Marine pfd 11
Mexican Petroleum 191
New York Central 69?s
Northern Pacific a 80
Oklahoma Products 9
Ohio Gas V
Pennsylvania 41
Fan American ws
Pierce Arrow 75
Reading 74
Republic Steel 101
Rubber - - 121
St. Paul t. 37
Southerp Pacific 93
Sinclair cons i'8
Studebaker - 107
Texas Pacific 40
Texas Oil . - 273
Union Pacific 122
U. S- Steel -"- 102
U. S.Food - 72 ',4
Willys : - 29
Westinghouse 51
NEW YORK COPPERS.
Anaconda ... - - 56
Butte - 19
Chino 33
Chili '., -'- -
Green Cananea 33
Inspiration
Miami -
47
2
Nevada , lSU
Rav Cons - 19
Shattutk
Utah
10
70
BOSTON COPPERS
Arizona Coml 12
Allouez - j - - 33
C. A 59
C. & II - 380
Daly West 3
Davis Daly 11
East Butte ' 13
Frank 4'4
Granby 66
Hancock - 6
Keenenaw 1
Lake - - 4
Nip 13
New Cornelia 19
Roy 31
Tuolumme 14
Ventura 15
December Corn 138
December Oats 75',4
January Cotton 36.35
LIBERTY BONDS
3 s - 98.96
4s : 98.96
3s 99.76
First 4s 93.80
Second 4s 91.40
LEASED WIRE
COLLINS & BRETH ERTON, Brokers
Hid Ask
Argo 6
Big Jim 6
Gold Ore 2
Gold Dust 9
Gold Cliff -
Lucky Boy - 4
7
3
10
12
5
9
22
1.C5
4.00
I Sunnyside
iTelluride
8
20
........i.eo
3.95
Tonl Reed
United Eastern
Bid Ask
....2.12 2.25
Gadsden
Green Monster
.37
.75
.50
.47
2.75
.40
5.25
1.60
Dundee
50
37
...... .37
2.50
.38
5.00
1.50
!jeronie Verde
tagma chief
Wolv-Arizona
yerde Combination
xight Hawk
Kay
North Tigre Leas
Con. Copper Mines
Nacozari Consolidated .....
OIL STOCKS.
9
...4.87
... .40
5.12
.45
Bid Ask
Big Four
1.15 1
Duke of Dublin
Comanche Home
Comanche County
El Paso Ranger
El Paso Burkburnett
Jaggers Wallace
King Eight 3.50
Ocean 1.60
Ranger Central ;...2.30
Ranger Burk 1.50
.75
.85
1.00
.65
7.50
.65
4.00
1.80
2.60
1.60
silver Cvci 1 Ot
1.15
Texas Crude
I vejmar
I rj s oil
.40
1.00
.10
1.00
i$isbee-Texas
Homer Union ...1.50
Service .". :
1.75
1.00
2.25
2.00
.70
.50
-1.50
Southwestern Dev
First Issue . 2.00
Second Issue .., 1.75
First Option
Second Option
Stock (no option)
U. S. LAND OFFiCE
Phoenix, Oct. 9, 1919.
Survey No. 3555. . t
Serial No. 042965.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
PATENT.
Notice is nereby given that in pur
suance of the United States Mining
Laws, Mrs. Ann Hughes, whose post
office address is Bisbee, Arizona, has
made application for patent for 1405.8
linear feet of the Black Hawk No. l
lode, 1495 linear feet of the Black
Hawk No. 2 lode, 1495 linear feet 01
the Black Hawk No. 3 lode, 1495 Ira
ear feet of the- Black Hawk No. ' 4
lode, and 1500 linear feet of the Black
Hawk No. 5 lode, situated In tne
Warren . Mining District, Cochise
County, State of Arizona, as described
by the official plat herewith posted,
and by the field notes on file In tne
office of the Register of the Phoenrx
Land District, State of Arizona, as
follows, viz:
Black Hawk No. 1:
Beginning for a description of the
Black Hawk No. 1 lode, at corner 3Vo.
I, when the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
28-33 T. 23 S R. 25 E.. G. & S. R. B.
M. brs. S. O. 0 35' E., 1560.7 ft.;
thence N. 62 17' W. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence N. 28 0 55' W. 1495.8 ft.
to Cor. No. 1, the place of beginning.
Beginning for a description of the
Black Howk No. 2 lode, at Cor. Mo.
1. whence the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
21-28 T.. 23 S.. R. 25 E.. G. & S. R. B.
& M., brs. No. 20 11' E. 218.6 It.;
thence S. 62 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 2S 55' W. 1495 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 2S
55' E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place
of beginning.
' Beginning for a description of the
Black Hawk No. 3 lode, at Cor. No.
1. whence the Vi Cor. between Sees.
21-28 T., 23 S.. R. 25 E.. G. & S. R. B
& M., brs. N. 43 16' W. 665 ft.;
thence S. 62 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 28 55' W. 1495 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62' 17' VI.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 28 55'
E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place or
beginning.
Beginning for a description of tne
Black Hawk No. 4 lodge, at Cor. No.
1, whence the Cor. between Sees
21-28 T., 23 S., R. 25 E., G. & . R. B.
& M.. brs. N. 52 17' W. 1247.6 ft.;
thence S. 62 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence N. 28 55' W. 1495.8 rt.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62" 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 2S
55.' E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place
of beginning.
Beginning for a description of tne
Black Hawk No. 5 lode, at Cor. No. 1,
whence the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
21-28, T. 23 S.. R. 25 E.. C. & S. R. B.
& M., brs. N. 20 11' E. 218.6 ft.;
thence N. 28 55' E. 600 ft. to Ccr.
No. 2; thence S. 62 17' E. 1500 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence S. 28" 55' 600 ft.
to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 62 17' W.
1500 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place of be
ginning. containing 103.019 acres, and forming
a portion of sections 21 and 28, in
township 23 South, range 2,5 East, of
Gila and Salt River Base and Meri
dian in Arizona.
The location notices of these mines
are recorded in the office of tne
County Recorder of Cochise County,
Arizona, in Book 52, page 163. Boox
59, page 457, Book 52, page 165, Poo
59, page 458, and Book 53, page 4-0,
respectively, of Record of Mines.
Adjoining claimants are on tne
South and West Old Feck, Happy
i DAILY PUBLIC
nrnnnn
I ntuunu
I .
MAIL ARRIVES
Tr. 3 East 11:55 p.m.
Tr. 7 East 10:20a.f.
Tr. 2 West 1:10 p.m.
Tr. 8 West 6:55 p.m.
LOWELL 6:55 p.m.
Warren 8:00 a.m.
Don Luis . 10:30 a.m.
Trains Depart Mail Closes
Tr. 7 West, 8:55 a.m 7:55 a.m.
Tr. 2 East. 11:50 a.m 10:50 a.m.
Tr. 8 East, 5:30p.m 4:30 p.m.
iTr. 3 West, 10:40 p.m 9:40 p.m.
7:5b p.m.
10 : 30 a.m : 8 : 00 a.m.
4: 30 p.m 2:20 p.m..
7: 55 a.m.
6:55 p.m. . 4:30 p.m.
MAILS CLOSE
EASTERN STATES 10:50 a. m.
and 4:30 p. m.
Western and Northern Arizona,
Western States, including Utah, Mon
tana, Idaho, Wyoming, Coast Stares,
Western Canada, and Alaska Mail
Closes at 7:55 a. m. and 9:40 p. m.
Naco, Hereford, Fairbanks, Tomb
stone', Lewis Springs, Fort Huachuca
and Cananea, Mexico Mail Closes at
7:55 a. m.
AUTOSTAGE
Border Stage Line, Bisboe to No
gales, via Tombstone
Leaves Bisbee, 1:00 p. m.; Tomb
stone, 2:00 p. m.; arrives Nogales,
7:00 p. m.
Leaves Nogales, 1:00 p. m.; Tomb
stone, 6:00 p. m.; arrives Bisbee,
7:00 p. m.
Find and Charlotte, all unsurveyed.
and owned by J. Muheim.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely any portion of said mines or
surface ground, are required to file
their adverse claims with the Regis
ter of the United States Land Office
at Phoenix, in the State of Arizona,
during the sixty days period of publi
cation hereof, or they will be barred
by virtue of the provisions of tne
statute.
J. L. IRVIN,
. Register.
ORDINANCE NO. 228
AN ORDINANCE. ENTITLED "AN
ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR
PAYMENT OF LICENSE TAX
UPON BOXING MATCHES, AND
FISTIC EX1HBITIONS."
BE IT ORDAINED By the Mayor
and Common Council of the City of
Bisbee, Arizona:
Section 1. That it shall be unlaw
ful within the City of Bisbee, Ari
zona, for any person, or persons, to
engage in. encourage, instigate, or pro
mote any boxing match, wrestling
match, fistic exhibitions, or prize
fight, eilher as principal, agent, ref
eree, second, or otherwise without
first having paid a license tax in the
sura of Ten Dollars ($10.00) and ob
tained a permit, from the City Mar
shal, therefor.
Section 2. Any person or persons
failing or refusing to pay such
license tax, and obtain such permit, as
provided in the foregoing section of
this Ordinance, shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and upon convic
tion thereof shall be fined in any
sum not less than Twenty-five Dollars
(?25.00), and not more than One Hun-,
dred Dollars ($100.00), "or by impris
onment in the city jail for a period of
not exceeding thirty (30) days, or by
both such fine and imprisonment.
Section 3. All ordinances, and
parts of ordinances, in conflict here
with are hereby repealed.
PASSED. APPROVED AND AD
OPTED, this ISth day of November.
1919. JACOB ERICKSON.
Mayor.
Attest:
M. L. BUTLER,
City Clerk.
First publication Nov. 25, 1919.
LEGAL NOTICE.
This is to certify that Beatrice
Powers has made application for a li
cense to operate service car anywhere
in state cf Arizona; and notice is fur
ther given that a hearing on said ap
plication will be held before said Ari
zona Corporation Commission at the
city hall, in the city of Bisbee, Ariz.,
at 9 a.m. on the Sth day of Decem
ber, 1919.
Dated at Bisbee Ariz., this 2nd day
of December, 1919.
(Signed) BEATRICE POWERS.
12-l-3t
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
- S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3551.
Serial No. 043122.
UNITED STATES LAND OFFICE.
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, Oct. 9, 1919.
Notice is hereby' given: That Alma
Clason. whose postofflce address fs
Bisbee, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the followfnfe
named lode mining 'claims, situate m
the Warren Mining District, Cochise
County, Arizona, in Sections 7 8, 17
and 18, unapproved T. 23 S., R. 24 E.
G. & S R. B & M described as fol
lows, to-wit:
"CALVERT" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence TJ.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Mlnmg
District, bears N. 20 10' W. 9074.0,
feet; thence S. 754 17' E.-652.60 feet;
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 37 53' j
W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence
N. 75 17' W. 652.60 feet to Corner;
No. 4; thence N. 37 53' E. 150ir.oj
fteet to Corner No. 1, the place of be-1
ginning, containing a net area of i
17.795 acres, exprersly excluding area
in conflict with Survey No. 2133,1
Morning Star lode, of 1.150 acres, and
with Bisboe Townsite Survey of l.TCs!
acres. j
"LAURA" Beginning- at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence U.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Minrng
District, bears N. 3 49' W. 930&.6
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 24 25' W.
606.10 feet to Corner No. 3; thence
N. 75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner
No. 4; thence N. 24 25' E. 60G.1O
feet to Corner No. 1. thenlace of be
ginning, containing a net area of
18.153 acres, expressly excluding aren
in conflict with Survey No. 1834,
Cockney Hill lode, of 2.420 acres.
"MORNING STAR NO. 3" Begin
ning at Corner No. 1, the N. W. Cor
ner; whence U. S. M. M. No. 1725,
Warren Mining District, bears N. 12
05' W. 9885.2 feet; thence S. 75 17'
E. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 4 25' W.-60G.10 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 75" 17' W. 1500.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 24
25' E. 606.10 feet to Corner No. 1. tne,
place of beginning, containing a necj
area cf 19.882 acres, expressly ex-1
area ci i.00j acres, expressly ex-;
eluding .area in conflict with Survey;
No. 1834, Cockney Hill lode, of 0.529 j
acres, and with Survey No. 3166,-
Moonlight lode, of 0.062 acres.
"ALDINGA" Beginning at Cornei
No. 1. the N. W. Corner; whence U.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Mining
District, bears N. 2 09' W. 9843.8
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0 feet;
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 23 11' w.i
600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence N. !
75 17' W. 1500.C feet to Corner No.j
4; thence N. 23 11' E. 600.0 fact toi
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning
containing a net area of 20.436 acres.
"ALMETTE" Beginning at Comer
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whenc9 C.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Minm?
District, bears N. 10 06' W. 1037S.8
feet; thence S. 75' 17' E. 1500.0 eet:R j eal3 50c
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 23 11' Tv.j . , r a ft 7
600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence N.j Specials from O to O I DC
75' 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No BiewerV Gulch
4; thence N. 2:" 11' E. 600.0 feet to.
Corr.er No. 1, the place of beginning, 1
containing a net area of 17.614 acres,;
expressly excluding area in conflict;
with Survey No. 3162, Silica lode o,
0. 676 acres, and Survey No. 31C6, !
Moonlight lode of 2.146 acres. j
"ANITA" Beginning at Corner No.!
1, the S. E. Corner; whence the N. ..
Corner of Section 30, T. 23 S., R. 24;
E.. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears S. 6 48
30" W. 10309.5 feet:" thence N. 75
.1
17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2;
thence N. 26" 40' E. 613.0 feet to Cor-!
ner No. 3; thence S. 75 17' E. 150O.O
feet to Corner No. 4;- thence S. 23
40' W. 613.0 feet to Corner Nc. 1,'
the place of beginning, containing
net area of 20.226 acres, expressry
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 3162, Calcutta lode of 0.423
acres,
"WILLUNGA." Beginning at Cor-!
uer No. 1, the S. E. Corner; whence j
the N. E. Corner of Section SO, T. 23
S., R. 24 E.. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears j
S. 4 34' W. 9764.5 feet; thence tt.'
75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No.!
2; thence N. 31 55' E. 628.0 feet to
Corner No. 3; thence S. 75 17' E..
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 4; thence S.
21 55' W. 628.0 feet to Corner No.j
1, the place of beginning, containing'
a net area of 18.975 acres, expressty.
excluding area in conflict, with Sur
vey No. 18S1. North Star No. 2 lode
of 1.633 acres. ;
"ADELAIDE'1 Beginning at Corner;
No. 1, the S. E. Corner; whence tno
N. E. Corner of Section 30, T. 23 S.,
R. 24 E, G. & S. R. B. & M. bears s.;
3" 02' W. 8770.2 feet; thence N. 75
17' W. 300.0 feet to Corner No.
thence N. 0 06' W. 978.20 feet to
Corner No. 3; thence N. 17 44' E.
77.30 feet to Corner No. 4; thence fa.
75" 17' E. 600.0 feet to Comer No. 5;
thence S. 17 44' W. 1024.30 feet to1
Comer No. 1, the place of beginning,'
containing a net area of 7.652 acres,1
expressly excluding area in conflict
ancj
.ers
Stock
Feeders
Attention!
We have around 2,000 head of good, gentle Mexican
steers, suitable for feeding, from three years old up,
which we wish to put out for feed in such lots as can be
handled to advantage, and are willing to pay the follow
ing prices for weight gained:
1 1 cents per pound for weight gained first 60 days
1 2 cents per pound for weight gained first 70 days
1 3 cents per pound for weight gained first 80 days
1 4 cents per pound for weight gained first 90 days
1 5 cents per pound for weight gained first 1 00 days
1 6 cents per pound for weight gained first 1 1 0 days
1 7 cents per pound for weight gained first 1 20 day3
Delivery will be made at Naco or Douglas, Arizona. Cor
respondence solicited from responsible parties on whom
our representative will call to look over the feed offered,
and complete all arrangements.
Address E. A. TOVREA & CO., Bisbee, Arizona.
with Survey No. 3162, Worchester
lode of 0.120 acres. Survey No. 3152
Kite lode' of 1.725 acres, and with
survey No. 31C2, Buck lode, of 1.3Z5
acres. ' '
The location notices of these clarms
are recorded in the office of the
County Recorder, Cochise County,
Arizona, a3 follows:
Almette, recorded in Book. 59, Rec
ord of Mines, page 409.
Aldinga, recorded in Book 53, Rec
ord of Mines, page 408.
Willunga, recorded in Book 59, Rec-
ord of Minea. Pase 412,
Laura, recorded in Book 59, Record
of Mines, page 411.
Morning arar No. 3, recorded m
Book 59, Record of Mines, page 413.
Adelaide, recorded in Book 32, Rec
ord or Mines page 313.
Ani'a, recorded in Book 59, Record
of Mines, page 407.
Calvert, recorded in Book 59, Rec
ord ot Mines, page 410.
1h 11 noes of tbo adjoining claims
to this survey are: On the North.
gurvey Xo 1834f Cockney Hill
and Survey Xo. 2133 Morning
lode.
Star
Iflt1p. on th. Kast. B!sbee townafte.
lode; on the East
Survcy xo 2674 3i
lod
Morning Star No. 2
2133, Morning Stai
lode. Survey No. 1670, Contention
lode. Survey No. 31C6. Moonlight loae,
and Survey Nc. 3162. Buck. Kite.
Worchoster.CalcuUa and Silica lodea;
on the South, Survey No. 3162, Silica
lode, and Survey No. 18S1, North Star
No. 2 lede; on the West. Survey No.
issi North Star No. 3, North Star No.
1 and North Star No. 2 lodes, and
purvey No. 184, Cockney Hill and
shoemakers' Last Chance lodes.
J. L. IRVIN.
Register.
ITALIAN-FRET CH
RESTAURANT
Your Figure Tells
Your Age
The womr.n who has found the
secret of youth has found the
secret of beauty. Your figure tells
your age.
What Shall We
, Buy for Xmas Gifts?
Almost the first thought that comes
to mind is
CORSETS
The original Front Lacing Corset
at $3.00 and Up
Odds end ends of broken sizes in
satin and bice Brassieres; good
suggestion for Xmas $1.98
FRUITM AN'S
COLLINS
AND
BRETHERT0N
BROKERS
ALL CURB STOC
North Tigre Leasing Co,
. 25 CENTS PER SHARE
JACK BLDG.. MAIN STREET
PHONE 26 BOX 1129
am TUESDAY, DECEMBER 2. 1919
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
PAGE SEVEN
DAILY REVIEW WASSST ADS
Advertisements under this head are
tents. No ads will be received later
Ihe telephone.
For Sale
FOR SALE Finely equipped speed
ster; electric lights and starter.
This Is a classy car. Terms. In
quire at once. Long Trail Garage,
Lowell: 1804-12-9
FOR SALE One 6 h. p. engine, Mor
ris & Fairbanks; new; never been
.used; a bargain. Mrs. M. T. Frash.
1805-12-16
FOR SALE Mark's rooming house,
Lowell. Doing good business.
1694-12-7
FOR SALE Sanitary couch, single
bed, :-turner oil stove with oven,
l'hone Green 540. 1696-12-2
SLIGHTLY worn suits, waists and
dresses, size 40, for sale cheap.
Ives Warburton, over Independent
Fuel office. 1727-12-3
FOR SALE Four-room house; level
front and back yard; fenced; ce
ment walk, chicken house; bargain
if taken at once; cash or terms; 49
Jiggersville. 1S03-12-3
FOR SALE One good coal range, one
3-hol gas range; both, $28. Sieg
house on Navajo trail, Warren.
1582-12-1
FOR SALE 15-room House, J300
down, balance same as rent. Call
after 4 p. m. 162 Temby avenue.
16S4-12-2
FOR SALE 'i -horse power, 60 cyc'e,
820 volt indu-tion motor. BiaJce
Daily Review. 209-S-24-ttt
FOR SALE: 5 ROOM MODERN
brick house, all built in features on
Boulevard fourth house to left up
from hospital stop, Warren. 1714-12-5
FOR SALE One 8-cylinder Oldsmo
bile, 1919 model; run less than 6000
miles; Al condition. Slag Dump
Garage or phone 166. 1676-12-2
FOR SALE--8-room house, one barn,
Va lot with 22 fruit trees. Cochise
road.. R. C. Maruisch, owner.
1678-Dec . 9
FURNITUReToF HOTEL AND RES
taurant for sale with privilege of
renting hotel. Naco, Arizona, next tc
immigration office. -1679-Dec. 9
FOR SALE Small restaurant doing
good business. Answer to P. O.
Box 907. 1705-12-12
FOR SALE Six-room furnished;
house. 26 Montana street, Johnson j
addition. Inquire between 2 and 4
o'clock. 1662-12-2
FOR SALE Large safe, combination
strong box and bottom, te uncle
Jim's, Brewery Gulch. 1577-tf j
FOR SALE National cash register,
four sub-total. See L. L. Gilman.
1466-tf
FOR SALE Left in pawn, diamonds,
watches, shotguns, revolvers, at sec- j
. ond hand prices. United Loan and j
JeweJry Co., Brewery Gulch. " i
. ' 1265-tf i
iX)H SALE Two Todd lirotectograph
check writers. E. A. Tovrea & Co.
589-Stf-17
DON'T SELL YOUR CAR until you
. tiee us. We buy them running or
wrecked. Highest prices paid for
metals, rubber, 6acks, hides and
wool. The Arizona Wrecking Co.,
Lowell. Ariz. Phone 446. 1474-tf
FOR SALE Full size birdeye maple
bod with spring and mattress. Phone
314. A. J. Fairclough, Warren.
1682-Nov. 26 tf
FOR SALE Plymouth hotel, cheap
. if taken at once. 1733-12-2
FOR SALE Three-room house, wi;h
or without furniture; a bargain; no
,bills. McDougall, 37 Laundry- Hill.
Metz car stop. 1735-12-6
FOR SALE Studcbaker car, 7-passfn-gor,
1918 series, first class condi
tion; price $450. C. J. Ishen, 66 Co
chise. 1802-12-2
FOR SALE Sixteen rooms, steam
heat, running water, dining room in
connection. See Mrs. Fairclough.
Warren. 1738-12-3
FOR SALE $150 takes a stripped
Studcbaker 4; fine rubber all
around; two seats; self starter;
electric lights, but no battery with
ft at this price. Address P.O. Box
2072. 1751-12-6
Wantecj
.WANTED Someone to take Superior
dining room and kitchen; will board
for rent. Phone .".L'.j. 1806-12 7
WANTED Room, private family,
close in. single lady. Address F. II.
care Review. 1719-12-5
WANTED Day's worn.
Phone 651.
1707-12-2
Male Hlp Wnnt-d
WANTED Grocerymaii to deliver.
Apply personally. .Metz stop gro
cery. 1S11114
WANTED An experienced salesman
or balf-slady. Call at Racket jew
elry store. 1807-12-3
athe rate of 1 cer.t per word for each insertion, with a minimum charge of 25
than 7 p. mM for insertion the next mornir.g and no ads will be taken over
For Rent
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms, $14 month. Light
and water free. 26 Jiggersville.
1753-12-3
FOR RENT 2 furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. No. 3 Curve
street, opposite convent. Phone
Black 573 for information.
1716-1-30
FOR RENT One well furnished room.
Call between 10 a. m. and 3 p. m. at
Mrs. Grace Williams, Clauson Hill.
1720-12-5
FOR RENT Four-room unfurnished
house. 57 Jiggerville. Inquire 52
Upper Lowell. 1723-12-2
FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms. 23 Upper Lowell. In
quire 52 Upper Lowell. 1724-12-2
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms.
162 Temby avenue. 1683-12-2
FOR RENT 4 housekeeping rooms
with bath,. Bakerville, back of
American Grocery. 1690-Dec. 1
FOR RENT 4-room furnished house,
i South Bisbee. Apply L. M. Lake,
Spokane house. 1706-12-2
FOR RENT Beautifully new farnish
j ed rooms with running water; elec-
trie lights, telephone, every con-
t venience, cool rooms for summer,
close in. La More Hotel, O. K. St.,
near depot.
tf
FOR RENT Six-room, furnished, new
house in Warren. Inquire Mrs. A.
B. McKeen, Hoatson avenue. War
ren. 1695-12-3
FOR RENT Two-room cement house,
well furnished; No. 30 Johnson ave-
nue, Johnson addition. 1726-12-3
FOR RENT Furnished room with a
garage, one block from Warren
postoffice. Phone Blue 475 or 175.
1698-11-tf
FOR RENT Three-room . furnished
bungalow; no children; 14 Laundry
. Hill. Shearer. 172312-2
Positions Wanted
WANTED Job a3 truck driver or car
driver. Experienced. P. O. Box No.
2633. 1808-12-4
WANTED Position as rodnian or
draftsman; have had two years of
railroad work. P.O. Box No. 2633.
1S09-12 4
WANTED Work by experienced
housekeeper with boy 12 years. 26
Laundry Hill. North Metz car stop.
1812-12-4
LOST
LOST Between Knights of Columbus
hall and Lowell, Thursday night,
one gold watch engraved W. J.
Brown, presented by K. O. C. M.
Leave at Review office and receive
liberal reward. 1697-12-3
LOST Square gold locket, between
Mrs. Sales' dancing academy and
the street car line. Reward". Mrs.
II. Carter, Box 2211, Bisbee.
1810-12-3
Miscellaneous
CLOTHES
works.
BOUGHT.
CITY DYE
1681-12-26
LEE WOMBLES, the small job con
tractor. Brick, stone, cement and
carpenter work. Phone ureen S22.
Box 387, Bisbee. 1569-12-18
F. E. HANCOCK, Signs. Phone 610.
Johnson addition. 1667-12 19
LEARN actual auto repair, vulcaniz
ing. Los Angeles Y. M. C. A. Auto
School. ll-tf
WE BUY AUTOMOBILES wiecKed or
; lunning; ah-o junk of all kinds. Bis
bee Junk and Auto Wrecking Co..
j Johnson add. Tel. 54. 1091-OI9tf
MATERNITY HOME. Mason Hill.
I consult your physician and call 573
I Black for terms, etc. 1718 12-12
!
BUY A GOSSARD CORSET to look
j well and feel well. All corsets fit
ted by Ines Warburton. Price $2.50
up. Next to Arizona Grocery store.
1 1G99-12-5
j EXPERIENCED SALESMEN.
i We manufacture and control exclu
sively a complete line or Art and
Commercial Calendars, Monthly Ad
vertising Service, and a wide, range
of attractive, quick selling Special
ties in Celluloid and Leather. Per
manent year-round employment un
der a liberal commission contract
with remittances weekly. Experi
ence in our line not essential. 1920
selling season opens January first.
I The oldest and largest hi.use in the
advertising specialty field Terri
I tory available in Arizona. Please
give age, experience and references,
first lotter. THE AMERICAN ART
WORKS, Coshocton, Ohio.
1740-1213
WANTED itoys to sell papers on the
UroiM I.(k rif tioys jtre T i h k 1 1 . t:
bi money on I ho sreet rvrv
motninr by a few hours selling Th
Hisl"e Dnily Revivw. The paper is
ready for you from 4 a m "The
early bird catches the worm."
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Kitchen help. Warren
Hotel. 181512-6
WANTED White woman for general
housework; must be experienced
with children. Mrs. Flanagan, phone
602. 1752-12-3
WANTED Girl for general house
work. Phone 493. 1552-tf
ORDINANCE NO. 226
AN ORDINANCE ENTITLED, "AN
ORDINANCE REGULATING TRAV
EL AND TRAFFIC UPON THE
PUBLIC STREETS OF THE CITY
OF BISBEE, ARIZONA.
BE IT ORDAINED by the Common
Council of the City of Bisbee, Ari
zona, as follows:
. TERMS DEFINED
Section 1. The following terms,
whenever used in this Ordinance, ex
cept as otherwise specifically indicat
ed, shall be deemed to have and shall
be held to include each of tne mean
ings respectively set forth in this sec
tion, and any such term used in the
singular number shall be held to in
clude the plural.
STREETS: Every avenue, boule
vard, highway, roadway, lane, alley,
strip, path, square or place used or
laid But for the use of vehicles.
CURB: The lateral boundaries of
that portion of a street designated or
intended for the use .of vehicles,
whether marked by curbing construct
ed of stone, cement, concrete or other
material, or not so marked.
VEHICLE: Every wagon, Hack,
coach, carriage, omnibus, pushcart,
bicycle, tricycle, motorcycle, automo
bile, street car or other conveyance,
except baby carriages, in whatever
manner or by whatever force or power
the same may be driven, riaaen or
propelled, which is or may bo used for
or adapted to pleasure riding or the
transportation of passengers, baggage,
merchandise or freight upon any
street; and every draft or riding ani
mal, whether driven, ridden or led.
provided, that an animal or animals
attached to. any vehicle shall, with
such vehicle, constitute one vehicle.
CONGESTED DISTRICT
Shall embrace those certain streets
and portions of streets in the City of
Bisbee, described as follows, viz: .
Howell Avenue, beginning at its in
tersection with the west line of Brew
ery Gulch, thence in a westerly direc
tion to the, Y. W. C. A. building;
thence around the north side of said
building to Shearer avenue; thence
southerly along Shearer avenue to its
intersection with Subway street. Als'o
Main Street, beginnig , at the west
property line of the Masonic Temple,
thence along 'Main street in an east
erly direction to its intersection with
Lower Main Street (R. R. Ave.),
thence along Lower Main Street (R.
R. Ave.) to its intersection with Brew
cry Gulch, thence along Naco Road to
the east property line of the new Co
chise County jail; also all of what is
known as Brewery Gulch beginning
at its intersection with Lower Main
Street (R. R. Ave) anil Naco Road
runing in a northerly direction to the
south line of the building used by the
Henderson Watkins Lumber Com
pany; also what is known us Subway
Street and Review Alley.
Section 2. Every person riding,
driving, propelling or in charge of any
vehicle in or upon any s'.reet. within
the City of Bisbee, shall ride, drive or
propel such vehicle Upon .such street
in a careful manner and with due re
gard for che safety and convenience
of pedestrians and all other vehicles
upon such street.
Any driver of any vehicles being
driven on the public stieeis in a reck
less or dangerous manner is guilty of
a misdemeanor, notwithstanding the
said vehicles was not exceeding the
speed limit.
TURNING TO RIGHT
Section 3. Every person riding,
driving, propelling or in charge of any
vehicle, upon meeting any other ve
hicle at any place upon any street
within the City of Bisbee, shall turn
to the right, and on all occasions
when it is practicable so to do, shall
travel on the right side of such street,
and as near the right hand curb there
of as practicable.
PASSING TO LEFT
Section 4. Every person riding,
driving, propelling or in charge of any
vehicle, shall, in overtaking and pass
ing any other vehicle in or upon any
street within the City of Bisbee. pass
to the left of such vehicle, and the
person in charge of such vehicle be
ing so overtaken and passe a snail
swing tc the right whenever practi
cable.
CHANGING COURSE
Section 5. Every person riding,
driving, propelling or in charge of any
vehicle in or upon any street in the
City of Bisbee, shall, before turning,
stepping or changing the course of
such vehicle, first see that there is
sufficient space for such movement
to be made in safety, and shall give
the regulation visihje signal to per
sons in charge of vehicle behind the
vehicle so turning, "topping or chang
ing its course, of his intention to make
such movement.
Section j Kvery pc''"n r:m:ig.
driving, pioi'ellinu' or in charge of anv
vehicle in or upon any street, witliiy
!lie Ct'v of Hi-bee ;n In nin" ' Mi"
rislit into another street, shall tu-n
the coiner as le,ir t!:e iiit ti!l as
possible.
Every porson rilim:. driving. p'
liellir.c or in rhate f ;uiv veti'e'e
the Citv t Pes! ee la'tiin-r ! the H-.-h'
from one street into another st-e.i
jh?:'l h"V h" it lit nf vv over vi.
htHwp t ravelip i the liveiin
wh'eh such vehicle is tieniu?: :iv
every pnrsnn rHirv. nVivli'T. tv.pol.
liltrr or in cba''"P of nnv vohjrl" t'"'v
cline in 'he direction in whtrii mch
vehicle is turning shall allow such
right of way to such vehicle so turn
ing. TURNING AT INTERSECTION
Section 7. Every person riding,
driving, propelling or in charge of any
vehicle in or upon any street within
the City of Bisbee, shall, in turning
to the left, into another street, pass
to the right of and beyond the center,
of the street intersection before turn
ing. Every person riding, driving, pro
pelling or in charge cf any vehicle in
the City of Bisbee turning to the left
from one street into another street
shall allow the right of way to ve
hicles traveling in the direction in.
which such vehicle is turning, and
every person riding, driving, propell
ing or in charge of any vehicle travel
ing in the direction in which such ve
nicle is turning shall have the right of
way over such vehicle so turning.
Section S. Every person riding, driv
ing, propelling or in charge of any ve
hicle, crossing from one side of any
street to the other side thereof, shall
make such crossing by turning to the
left so as to be constantly upon the
right hand side of such street with
relation to the direction in which such
vehicle is headed.
Provided: That in the congested
district no vehicles shall be allowed
to so cross from one side of a certain
street to the other, unless such cross
ing is effected by such vehicle going
beyond and around the center of a
street intersection.
STOPPING NEAR CURB
Section 9. It shall be unlawful for
any person riding, driving, propelling
or in charge of any vehicle to stop the
same or to cause the same to be stop
ped in or upon any street in the con
gested district of the City of Bisbee,
with the left side of such vehicle to
ward or along or next to the curb.
Section 10. It shall be unlawful for
any person riding, driving, propelling
or in charge of any vehicle to stop the
same or to cause the same to be stop
ped in or upon any street within the
congested district in the City of Bis
bee, unless every point on the side of
such vehicle nearest the curD Is with
in one foot of such curb; provided,
however, that the provisions of this
section shall not apply in case of
emergency, or when such stop is made
for the purpose of allowing another
vehicle or a street car or interurban
car or pedestrian to pass m rronr of
such vehicle so stopped.
APPROACHING STREET CARS
Section 11. In approaching or pass
ing a street car cf a street railway
which has heen stopped or Is stopping
to allow passengers to alight or em
bark, the operator of every motor ve
hicle going in the same direction as
or opposite to said car shall bring
such vehicle to a full stop fifteen feet
away from entrance of said street car
and shall not start such vehicle until
all passengers have entered sa!d car,
or have left said car and reached the
sidewalk.
Section 11 (a). It. shall be unlaw
ful to drive, ride, propel or cause or
permit to be ridden, driven or pro
pelled, any motor vehicle' in said City
unless the same be equipped with an
adequate warning device, which must
be operated when such vehicle is
about to cross any place where condi
tions are hazardous far other vehicles,
property or persons in that vicinity.
POSITION WHILE STANDING
Section 12. It shall be uniawmi ror
any person, riding, driving, propelling
or in charge of any vehicle in or upon
any street within the congested dis
trict of the City of Bisbee, to allow
such vehicle to remain backed up to
the curb, excepting when sticn ve
hicle is being actually loaded or un
loaded. Section 13. It shall be unlawful for
any driver, owner, or operator of any
automobile, motorcycle, or ether ve
hicle to permit or allow such vehicle
to stand at right angles or approxi
mately so with the curb line upon any
public street of the City if Bisbee,
with the front of said machine or ve
hicle toward tho curb, or sjdewalk line
of such street.
Section 14. Vehicles in or upon any
street within the City of Bisbee, upon
approaching an intersecting road or
strec; shall be under control by the
operators thereof, so as to permit the
vehicle cn the right of the vehicle ap
proaching to first cross such inter
secting road cr street.
Section 15. It shall he unlawful for
any person to ride, drive or propel or
cause to be ridden, driven or propelled
in, along or upon any street within the
congested district any vehicle in a
backward direction, if by doing so. the
free and uninterrupted pas,iv. of an
other vehicle or of any st"et car is
impeded. If it should hc necessary for
any vehicle to he ridden, driven or
propelled in a backward direction the
same shall be done in a slow and care
ful manner.
FIRE, POLICE AND HOSPITAL
APPARATUS
Section 16. The officers smd fire
men of tho Fire Department, and their
apparatus of all kinds, when going to
or on duty at or returning from a fire,
and all ambulances, whet!-"" Hiblic or
private character, ami ail oilier ve
hicles whi n employed in carrying sick
or injured persons to hospitals cr
other places for relief or tieauuent,
and the olTiceru and policemen and
vehicles of Ihe police department sh;U
have the rislit of way over all other
l-ursons and vehicles on any street
and through any procession in the
Citv of Bisbee.
Upon the approach of ;-.ny appuiai :iii
ot l lie Fire 1 )ep:-ri en'i i e'.erj' person
riding, d:iirm, propelling or In charge
of amy vi hicl-.- in or upon i'e st'eet
in the City of Bh.'bee slu'M r:ine;li ;' e
ly stop such vehicle us rear :-V, possi
ble t- the liulil cil'b "f such .-troi-t,
mid it shall lie unlawful tor any .si:-h
person lo cause or permit ;;h vi
hir le lo he moved un' il iuoh .'ie a' atun.
police patrol waon or ambulance
sha'l have passed f'c't v M'le.
HORSES AT RHIIIT AXCU "S TO
CUR P.
Section 17. Eve; y person in ihar-e
of any noise, ni'll or oilier animal at
tached to a vehicle harked un to the
curb upon nnv street within the Citv
of Bisheo shall turn such animal and
keep the same turned a. nl-M allele
to such vehicle and iu the direction iu
which the traffic is moving upon the
side of the street upon which Buch
animal is standing.
STANDING OR HITCHING NEAR
INTERSECTIONS
Section 13. It shall be unlawful for
any person to hitch or to cause or per
mit to be hitched any horse, mule or
other animal or to leave standing, or
cause or permit to be left standing
any bicycle, motorcycle, automobile,
buggy, carriage, wagon or other ve
hicle upon any street within the con
gested district of the City of Bisbee,
along which street cars are run or
operated within five feet of either
side of any. street that crosses, in
tersects or terminates in such street,
or within five feet of either such side
line extended across such street at
right angles.
STANDING NEAR FIRE HYDRANTS
Section 19. It shall be unlawrul for
any person to hitch or to leave stand
ing or to cause or permit to be hitched
or left standing, any animal, or to leave
standing any vehicle, or to stop or
cause or permit to be stopped any ani
may or vehicle, in or upon any public
street in the City of Bisbee, within
five feet of any fire hydrant.
STANDING IN CONGESTED
DISTRICT
Section 20. It shall be unlawful for
any person to leave hitched or cause
or permit to be left hitched any horse,
mule or other animal, or to leave
standing or to cause or permit to be
left standing any vehicle upon any
street within the congested district
of the City of Bisbee for a period
longer than ten (10) minutes, except
in parking places, now prescribed or
hereinafter designated; and provided
further, that no such vehicle, drawn
by any horse, mule or other animal
shall be left standing for any period
unless a competent "driver shall tie in
charge of such vehicle or said animal
attached to said vehicle, be hitched
with proper line and a ten-pound (10
pound) weight, so as to insure the
safety of the traveling public.
Section 21. It shall be unlawful for
any person owning or operating any
motor vehicle within the City of Bis
bee, to deface, obliterate or conceal,
or to permit to be defaced, obliterated
or concealed, or allow the same to re
main defaced obliterated or concealed,
In any maimer, the number plate re
quired to be upon said vehicle by the
laws of the State of Arizona.
SPEED LIMITS .
Section 22. Any person who shall
ride, drive, or propel, or cause, or
permit to be ridden, driven, or pro
pelled, any vehicle at a rate of speed
exceeding six (6) miles per hour over
or across any street Intersection in
the congested district, or twelve (12)
miles an hour over the streets of the
congested j district, or exceeding
fifteen (15) miles per hour outside the
congested district, and within said city,
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and
upon conviction thereof shall be fined
for the first offense, not less than
five dollars ($5.00) nor more than
fifty dollars (?50.00); for the second
offense, within a period of six (6)
months from the date of the first of
fense, the f,ine shall not be less than
ten dollars ($10.00) nor more than
one hundred dollars $(100.00) or im
prisonment in the City Jail for a pe
riod not less than thirty' (30) days
nor more than forty-five (45) days or
by both such fine and imprisonment;
EXCEPTIONS
Provided, further, that nothing
herein contained shall be construed to
affect members of the City Fire De
partment, members or officers of the
City Water Department, when assign
ed to answer fire alarms or emer
gency calls, any policeman, or other
peace officer in the discharge of his
duty, or any ambulance, whether of
public or private character, and ail
other vehicles when employed in car
rying sick or injured to hospitals or
other places for relief or treatment,
or doctors responding to an emergency
call.
NOTICE POSTED '
That the City Engineer be, and Is
hereby directed to post such notices
r.s are required by law at the intersec
tion of each street within the line of
the district hereinbefore in this ordi
nance described.
LIGHTS ON VEHICLES
Section 23. It shall bo and it is
hereby declared to be unlawful for any
person to drive, or cause or permit to
be driven or allow to remain upon or
along any street in the City of Bisbee.
any motor vehicle during the period
of one (1) hour after sunset to thirty
(30) minutes before sunrise, unless
there is attached to such vehicle prop
er light, in front of such vehicle, and
proper tail light in tho rear of such
vehicle, plainly visible, at all times;
and provided further that no person
driving or operating any such vehicle
shall at any time permit or use any
spot light of any kind or character.
HAULING, ETC.
Section 24.. It shall be umawtuf for
any person, fi'm or corporation to
haul upon or along any street within
the City of Bisbee, any dirt, gravel,
paving material or other material
liable to fall or be scattered from the
wagon or vehicle upon which the
same is being hauled, without taking
adequate measures to keep the same
from being spilled on the street.
DEBRIS PROHIBITED
Section 25. It shall he unlawful for
any person to throw, deposit or p?nco
In or i?pon any public street or alley
within the City of Bisbee. anv nnts.
tacks, crockery, scrap Iron, tin, wire,
bottles, ph'.'rs. 'horns or tnorny clip
tiincs. or thorny liHT.clirs of trees or
Irishes, or any other article or th'ng
in-o'v to p'Mirtll'-n or injure the tire
of anv vehicle.
INTOXICATED DRIVERS
Section t-'fi. Any person operating
or driving a motor or ether vehicle
while intoxicated, upon any public
street in the City of Bisbor shall he
p-nil! - of n nii"demctmor. ar.il upon
eiinvlftion thereof shall be iv.inlshable
h vn fire- of not less than firty dollars
(Sn'i.OOl nor more than two hundred
($200 00) dollars, and hv imprison
ment, not exceedinir "0 davs. for Mi"
first offense; and punishable hv a fine
of not less than One Hundred
(tlOOOM) IV-lIars nor more than Three
Hundred f300 00) Dollars, and impris
onment not less than 20 or more than
90 days, for second offense.
USING OTHERS' MACHINES
Section 27. Any person who shall
drive or operate or cause to be driven
or operated, upon any public street
within the City of Bisbee any motor
vehicle, not his own, without the con
sent, of the owner, shall be guilty of
a misdemeanor.
Any person who shall without the
consent of the "owner or person in
charge of a motor vehicle climb upon
or into such vehicle, whether the same
be in motion or at rest, or who while
such vehicle is at rest and unattend
ed shall attempt to manipulate any of
the levers, the starting crank, brakes
or mechanism thereof, or to set said
vehicle in motion shall be guilty of
a misdemeanor.
In addition to all other punishments
herein elsewhere provided, the court
may for a definite period suspend or
revoke an operator's or chauffeur's
license upon . conviction of the licen
see for violation of any of the provi
sions of this ordinance.
DRIVING ON NEW PAVEMENT
Section 28. It shall be unlawful for
any person to ride or drive or to cause
to be ridden or driven any animal, or
to ride, drive or propel, or to cause
to be ridden, driven or propelled any
vehicle over or across any newly made
pavement in any public street, across
or around which pavenient there is a
barrier, or at, over or near which
there is a person or a sign warning
persons not to drive' over or across
such pavement, or a sign stating that
the stree is closed.
MUFFLER CUT-OUT, ETC.
Section 29. Every motor vehicle
must have devices in working order
which shall be at all times in constant
operation to prevent excessive or un
usual noise, annoying smoke and the
escape of gas, steam or oil, as well as
the falling out of residue from fuel,
and all exhaust pipes carrying exhaust
gas from the engine shall be directed
parallel to the ground or slightly up
ward. Devices known as "muffler
cut-outs' 'shall not be used within the
limits of the City of Bisbee.
LEAVING AUTO ENGINE RUNNING
Section 30. It shall be unlawful for
any person to leave unattended upon
any public street, alley or other pub
lic place in the City of Bisbee, any
automobile or other motor vehicle
while any part of the machinery of
such vehicle is running or in motion.
DRIVERS UNDER 1G YEARS
Section 31. It shall be unlawful for
any person under the age of sixteen
(lij) years to run, drive, propel or op
oiaie any automobile or other motor
venicle in, upon or along any public
street or other public place in the
City of Bisbee unless granted a. spe
cial permit, revocable for cause, by
the City Marshal.
It shall be unlawful for any person
to cause or permit any automobile or
other motor vehicle to be run, driven,
propelled or operated in, upon, over
or along any piiGlic "street or other
public place by any person under the
age of sixteen (16) years, unless such
last mentioned person shall have the
permit mentioned as in the first para
graph of this section.
OBSTRUCTING STREET
Section 32. It shall be unlawful tet
any person to ride, drive or cause to
be ridden or driven any horse or
other animal, or to ride, drive,
or propel, or cause to be
ridden, driven or propelled, any
wagon, bicycle, motorcycle, auto
mobile or other vehicle upon or along
any public sidewalk, or to permit such
animal or vehicle, to stand thereon,
or to permit any animal or vehicle to
str.nd upon any public street in such
manner as to obstruct the free use cf
such street.
TRAILING
Section 33. It snail be unlawful for
any person traveling uppn roller
skates, or riding in or upon any
coaster, tricycle, velocipede, bicycle or
motorcycle, upon any public thorough
fare within the City of Bisbee. t nold
to, cling to, or in any manner attach
either himself or the vehicle upon
which he is riding to any street, car,
automobile, truck, wagon, tmggy or
other moving vehicle.
PARADE REGULATIONS
Section 34. It shall be unlawful for
any .person, firm, corporation, asso
ciation, society or aggregation of per
sons, firms, corporations, associations
or societies to parade in along or
upon any public street in the City of
Bisbee except by and with the con
sent of the Common ouncil of said
ity, vnd not then, except in. along and
upon such streets, and at such time as
shall be designated in said permit.
CARRYING BANNERS
Section 35. It shall be unlawful for
any person on foot, oV in carriages,
wagons, automobiles or on any vehicle
or on horseback, to carry in, along or
upon any public street or sidewalk
in the City of Bisbee. In or with any
parade or procession or other
wise, any banner, sign, transparency,
or devics for the purpose of display
unless the sign, transparency or de
vice shall have been first approved by
the Common Council. v
FUNERAL PROCESSIONS
Section 36. It shall be unlawful for
any person to obstruct, the free and
uninterrupted passage in, upon, along
or through any public street in tho
City of Bisbee, of any funeral cortege
or procession or to obstruct. Impede
Copper Qaeeh Hotel and nigh-oass cafe
'Die !' of vtMylliiv. :it lvnsoii lbV ;i la enrto prices.
A Sp.-ci.'il Tftc Imiclicon ilnily. Also $1.25 ilinnrr from
f::lo to 7:M p. in. l?iiil:u- 'kv hv ihv nwr.th r.no
HENRY rOITEN. MANAGER
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
vbinsponc'rnti: Paine. Weber . Co.. Boston, Culuth. Calum.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
or prevent the passage of any person
or persons attending the conveyance
of the body of any deceased person to
a place for holding services thereover,
or to a place of interment or crema
tion. PENALTIES
Section 37. That any person, firm
or corporation violating any of the
provisions of this Ordinance not other
wise provided for, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof, shall be punished
by a fine of not less than ten ($10.00)
dollars, nor more than one hundred
($100.00) dollars, or by imprisonment
in the City Jail of the City or Bisbee
for a term of not less than five (5)
days nor more than fifty (50) aays, or
by both such fine and imprisonment.
Section 38. That all Ordinances and
parte of Ordinances in conflict here
with are hereby repealed.
PASSED, ADOPTED AND AP
PROVED by the Mayor and Common
Council this 16th day ot September,
1919. JACOB ERICKSON,
Mayor.
ATTEST:
M. L. BUTLER.
City Clerk.
First publication Nov. 25, 1919.
Read the Daily Review Want Ads.
Lowell Wood & Coal Co.
Phone 630
COAL WOOD HAY
GRAIN
Now Is the Time to
Order Your Fuel
Your health, comfort and appearance
depends . upon your teeth.
They should be attended to now. DR.
J. F. TEUFERT, Maze Bldg. Modern,
Painless Methods.
Border Stage Line
BISBEE NOGALES
Leaves Bisbee 1 P. M.
Leaves Nogales 1 P.M.
Via Tombstone, Ft. Huachuca
and Patagonia.
Collins & Bretlierton
Insurance, , All Kinds.
Real Estate, All Kinds.
Homes furnished or Unfurnished
For Sale and Rent.
Employer's Liability
L. T. FRA2IER, Mgr.
Phone 26 Box 2210
OR. PLAVFAIS
Osteon at
Mason Mill Mason Hill Car Sto.
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER & STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence Phone 804
I
DR. R. GLAZE
Specialist, Eye Nerve Glasses
ARTIFICIAL EYES
Opposite Baptist Church, Main Street
Phone "156 Bisbee. Ariz.
Paiiting and Paper Hanging
All 171 y Work Is Guaranteed
Satisfactory.
Let Me Give an Estimate On
Your Work. Phone 723
J. JANCICH, P. O. Box 833
Phone 667", Rob. Red. 867
JOHN P. STEFFES
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
Reinforced Concrete s.nd Brick
Construction
Roofing, Jobbing CEMENT WORK
JSBffiO
C. H. HOG AN
'PHONE 121
fire Insurance
Auto Insurance
Real Estate
Leal Blanks
OJMce below
Copper Qusen Hotel
C. H. HOGAN
'PHONE 121 PAGE EIGHT
THE BISB-EE DAILY REVIEW
Tips of the Town
ON BUSINESS TRIP
Frank Vaugh went, to Tomhstonn
yesterday on a business trip.
BACK IN BISBEE
15. J. Hurst, architect of liishee,
sieif yesterday in Tombstone.
CHANGE ITINERARY
Mr. Gordon Campbell, secretary of
tlie Calumet & Arizona company, with
Mr. Thos. Cole and Mrs. Thos. Ho:it
f,on .directors of the company, changed
their plans to po east immediately,
and are ia California today. They
were in Tucson yesterday.
PLAYS AT TUCSON
Joe Curry went all the way from
Warren to Tucson Sunday to play
golf. He complained to his Tucr.on
friends that the course at home v.-.s
snowbound.
F ROM OIL FIELDS I
Bryan Reed, who has spent several case.
months in the oil fields, is ' back in'
Hisbee and will spend the. holidays j FROM RAMSEY CANYON,
with his sister, Mrs. G. A. I'iunke-t'.l Johnnie .lames i:; in Bisbee
ihis ranch in Ramsey Canyon.
P.ETURNS FROM TOMBSTONE
t t ...u- i i
' ll
iii- iius nere, reiumeu to louust'-iiB
yesterday afternoon.
HERE FHOM DOUGLAS.
Y. A. Wamhle is a visitor
from Hondas.
here
CN BUSINESS.
V Sww5v of Kl Pr.t.o arrived in i
Bisbee yesterday on a business trip, i
;
VIS!TINC, FRIENDS.
Mrs. J. Ham'lt.on is visiting friends j
in this city.
She arrived" from Can-
anea yesterday.
DOUGLAS MAN HERE.
George Hart is on a business trip
hoie from Douglas.
DENVER VISITOR.
Tivjinr.3 Copley of Denver is a vis
?'or in Bisb3e. He urti.d yesterday.
h' ERE FROM CHICAGO.
Katherine Turtell is stopping at
the Copper Queen' hotel. She arrived
f-nm Chicago yesterday.
ON BUSINESS FROM
DENVER.
P. D. McManus i on a business
tr:o 1o this cHy from Oklahoma t.:ty.
EL PASO MASJ HERE.
Cccpcr Kr.mliiton arrived hero yes
'fi"ay fi-nm El Paso.
I
PNEUMONIA ATTACK. '
Vr-t .J. McL.tyre cf the English
Kitchen is cor.fir.cd to her home with
pnu;no!iia.
organize EASKETSALL TEAM 3.
fJverynoay v.j:o is uiere.nBj i. - ;
ganizmg local !;:sKeioaii ieui! ;
should attend a meeting to be held at;
the Y. M. C. A. tonight for that pur-j
pore. If encash learns can be organ-
i:e'l gmcs viil be
n anient schedule.
played on tout
MINISTERIAL MEETING.
Vim 'oc:.l r.i;r.isters . held their
bl-
weekly meeting at the Y. M. C. A.
yesterday tnoming. iThase attending
were Rev. John C. Freye. Rev. C. W.
Harsbmrn, Rev. V, H. Matthes, E. A.
Pntmpn. secretsiy of the Y. M. C. A.,
and Mrs Cuntmings of the Y. W.
C. A. .
TO NACO.
O. S. French, local boxing promo
ter, accompanied by Frank Loughery,
boxer and matchmaker, made a busi
ness trip to Naco yesterday by auto
mobile. CAN TUBERCi;t-0-l5
Dr. Class has post
tive proof he is able .
E C'jnETJ
10 cure Tuoercnioaia
inhalation la amy
r i '. ' ' )
rf '
It,.- ' ;r.y
climated.
f .r further lnfo
mation address T.
P GLASS i.VFIA
LENT CO.. SUITE
512, MASON BLDO..
LOS ANGELES,
CALIFORNIA.
Hair Trouble Successfully Treated
M: c. Lira Cslpc.-io,
v ii o r c- photo;. .':!".
eppeurs here, te;;l us
a v ? r y int.M'i-sl'.r.g
FVum dfcni'rnt of
thi' rcmtirkiihle Je
suits she a 11 ci !"i-'
i- h i I l r o n olita'.n
producing gratifying
-U from the Ci':'
c 11 rn M'UiOti. '.W
would like to r--.:i
you a copy f tl. in
rtrtemmt.
Mrs. John Ma'Jln
vrin': "Tlic s:im;!e
io. ilaiU-l n Krowtn
of uf"v ?i;i!r r.n'l I am
fo p lu.ls e .1 I r in
nctiriK for full
tri'i.liiiviit."
Mr. Frank H WrlglU
rK: "Ymir "n!v:i-i-urn
N'o. 1 rwii'it mi.
al:u in; lirotln r-in-l;i
w. and I s '' ri'
i omiv.."-.d i! 10 .ins -l!7l"
D-y You Su'.'ef f'O n
lrinf?ruff. f I 1 I n K
Hair. Prf-niPlur'ly
Gray Hair. Stripy.
Sticky or Muttoi
Hair. Itrlilrs or Kc
r.fnin of t'n- Scnlp?
Are you lal 1 l:aj''l
or n'vrly so?
Dei.Tys Are Tt 1
(jorous It" o'i B':'f--r
from Rn,' of ttn" hn'r
trouliles n-n! ioni'il
atovi-. lo not ncK
loct it. try to relieve
tlic troul.te Bt on'-f.
l.pt us send you our
HlutrntPd li o o I; .
' T h Triunr'pli l
h:&: ;C
From Photograph
Successful Scientific Treatment
VICTORY BUTTONS.
Victory buttons have been received
at the Red Cross for the following
fivo local boys: Willie S. Christian
sen, L Moyne Ilerdman, Daniel Mur
ray, Herbert A. Perkins and Samuel
Wilner.
CIVICS CLASS MEETING.
The first meeting of the Civics
class of the Twentieth Century club,
which is to be conducted by Super
in'er.dont C. V. I'hilbrook of the local
schools, will be held at 3 o'clock Fir
day afternoon, December 5, it was
announced yesterday by the commit
tee in charge.
FROM COUNTY SEAT.
Mrs. Charles W. Blackburn of
Tombstone, is in Bisht-e visiting Mrs.
M. Davis.
ATTORNEY KYLE IN TOMBSTONE
j City Attorney Sam Kyle returned
v from a oneday trip to Tombstone,
whT? he
had gone on a bootlegging
f rom
ON VISIT.
v.. r. Bell and wife were in Bisbee !
. . . . ... :
! ycs:erday
Mr. Bell is connecteu wun
j the First National
: stone. '
Bank in Tomb-1
j
SPENDING HOLIDAYS HERE.
Mrs. H. Secor and her son,
Bert,
who has been atttnding a private
school in San Francisco, are here to
tm' "oays wiih
mother, Mrs. Swanson.
Mrs. SecorV
PIONEER HEARD FROM.
Word han been received from J. K.
Latham, well known in this dis:iict
i-s one of the pioneer stage drivers,
vi bo is at the Soldiers Home in Her
mitage, Tenn. He writes that he is
well and comfortable in his new quar
ters. GOES TO BELGIUM.
W. II. McKinney, for five years con
nected with the Copper Queen, left
Bisbee yesterday to go to Brussels,
Belgium, by way of New York. In
Brussels he will be at the office of
the Diamond Mining headquarters, for
which organization he will develop en-
gincering work of the Kasai Diamond
i;e!is ot West Africa, Congo
Beige,
... - .vinco cf Belaium
RECORDER KREES IMPROVING.
Mrs. J. A. Hoiden, of Warren, sis:er
ol Mrs. John K'o. who has returned j
to Bisbee from Tombstone, report:.; I
that County Recorder Ray B. Kreba ;
at Mayo Hospital is leeling well. It j
is said the cast on Ills leg which was j ioavin no nooms vacant during the
recently cpera:ed upon, would bcjcCIicoI hours.
taken off the first part of this week.' qu the second floor of the building
lt is likely Mr. Krebs will be able to i
it.ave the hospital within tne next lew j
UUy3 should his condition continue to
jmprove-
SFEAKS TO "Y" BOYS.
1 Forty-five boys of the hoys' depart-
nient of theY . M. C. A. heard inter
j est. 11c? sto-its of the war Sunday af-
ternoon at the association's building.
Col. Dan Morgan Smi h, who w?s
fnr.iniKiidei-nf the famous "Dattaiioiv !
cf Death," told the boys of his experl- j
enccs in the war on Germany.
COLLECTING MINERAL
SPECIMENS.
Mr. A. Y. Smith, mining man of
Tombstone, his wife and son, Louis,
were isiting in P.isbee yesterday.
Louis Smith, a student of the Univer
sity cf California, is here making a
collection of mineral specimens to be '
exhibited at the college. Smith is
studying the mining course of the in
stictuion. TO ADDRESS MOTHERS' CLUB.
Superinten
Philbrook w
club Yean
ndent of Schools C. F.
ill address the Mothers'
nesday atfernoon at 2
o'clock in the Y. M. C. A. building,
BACK ON DUTY.
Offier William Sherrill is on duty
a;:ain today after having been con
fined to his home for the past five
Scieni'e Over IlaUi-
CALVACURA STOPS HAIR FALLING was," and n liberal
snmpUt of Calvacut a.
THE CALVACURA METHOD is a UnJnlUZ
scientific, naturr.l method, invariably your roml. examine
results.
llu-m closely. 11 I'm
mot is p ii 1 o . dry.
deud looking, t.ike
warning;' correct lle
Iroiililr if you want
to EavC your hn:r
anil riake it jfrov.
Let Us Prove to
you iry sendin;! you
it Sample Treatment
lliat the CalvHura
Natural Method of
Hair Cultr.ie ntops
the fulling of hair,
driving away il:ind
riil'i" and tczem.i of
the se:i; i"il P'O
rioie.T Itie growth f
new hair. We will
.wnil n hhera! sample
of iViivaeura No. I
nnd our iliust rated
"ook on tii" rnro o'
the hnir and scalp, if
you will write your
name and ad.lresT
plainly on a f.iero of
vjV
-Kot Retouched
p.'per and eiieln"e it
w itli ten etr. silver .
or !.t;imi)S. a evi- j
denee of your y'i'i d I
l il h. in a 11 uvel. mc
add re ;si d Union
267 Vut
Laboratory,
St., Dingriamton
Y.
DO IT NOW, BE
FORE YOU
FORGET
1 'IV v
D0IT1S TO
SCHOOLS, PLAN
F TRUSTEI
Considerable exiension. and im
provement in the school system will
be accomplished under plans now'
before the board of school trustees.
Final plans for the remodeling of
the old oprra house, just above the!
city park, would convert the building I which Colonel Smith was commander,
into a ten room schoolhouse. These Oi;e of the citations credits IJc-uter,-pluii"
have been prepared by the an; Curcia with distinguished fifiht
architect and will be presented to ing in the St. Mihiel and MeuseAr-
the school board next Monday
Puichase of the M .T. Rmnhv j-esi-
tierce on Mason Hill was completed '
yesterday, when the deed lor the'
property was turned over to the city. !
The home will be altered and fitted!
r..'s a dormiiory for teachers, to be '
known i's the "Teach erage.'" Accord-
i;r to C. F. Fhilbi ook. sunerintend-'
-,!-. of schools, tho teacherage should
lie icaav tor occupation witnin i;i
da . ;;. Pronosed nlans called for ad-
"iii(;ns to the dormitory, a tennis
coott on (he grounds and other ac
commodations. .Another junior high school
is m-
cudod m the boards
plans
Vre-
i:nn. . r,. v,,,;i,i;a-:
lurt,.
'n "reenil scuooi gruunus m;
Warern. to house 250 pupils.
It will be at least 90 days before
the remodeled opera house will be
iii shjpe for use as a schoolhouse,
.ir.
toct'
Phil brook statea. ine arcni-!lhp
t: plans would provide- ten class
ocms in tho building, five of which
i.uiu uc
i no scT.ool will oe ior tne .Mexican ;
chiidicn.
"The intention of the school board-
is
to have these children learn Eng-j
i:? 1 II. rhilKrnL- Tho
. j . ni. mi i- rr a .
industrial course, which
win iouc
nun ui .en i.imc i..c ..i y-
at school, has the purpose of teaching
English.
Mr. Philbrook says teaching chil
dren English by the way of making
them work together in manual train
ing is recognized as one of the most
practical methods. It is not the pur
pose of the school to teach the I-fex-ican
children a trade, the superin
tendent says.
The chooI classes will bo regulat
ed under tha platoon system, which
ni.iwa half the students in the five
industrial class rooms while the other ;
hoi,- p'-e attendme to their three Rs
in the regular classes. The school j
day will be broken into periods. One
. . .. -i -.i-;!!
period tr.e upi?r nuss Bium-mn ythij
bo in the industrial rooms and the'
. : ..i ,.i.,o rnr,;ij will
occupy the rooms. This makes full
,,g0 of tne car.acily of the building,
next ioriuu iuo uooo ruf'"
0ruC3tic class rooms will be fur-
nisheJ
An ordinary kitchen in,
which the Mexican chuaren may oe , iviarckei zi oo:n oi uougias; rnar
taughL with every day methods of an j Garcia 48,. to wed Teresa Ya.dez, 44,
average housewife is planned. I both of Douglas; John Coniey, 42. to
The building will have a new roor. wed Lenoro Porter, 40, both cf Doug--.vir.ds
r.l a concrete foundation. j ;as; Luis Chabes. 26, of Douglas, to
The old opera house is a londmark we(i josefina Castillo, 18, of Charles
io this community, having been the ton; Esiritioii Pina, 25, to wed Mag
yendavou? of the pioneers who sought Galena Martinez, 23, both cf Doug
amusement at the opera house, the las. L. c. Been, 33, to wed Olive Nich-
1 . . 1 '..II V
sks.tine rink and tr.e ciance unu,
old building having been all of these,
t.. .m v.,, t r cthattiifK ana i.
UUIll UJ 1--
Mason, the latter better known as
"Bnldy," it was 'originally an opera
house and later converted into a
skating rink' and then a dance nan.
TV.irine the last eight years
the
building has served as a. lodging
house, named the Park hotel.
days with a wrenched back Shenill
hurt his back while cranking an auto
mobile and later caught a cold which
ravated his condition and lorcea
ag
him to remain in bed.
; FROM TOMBSTONE.
j ilrs r.loodworth. wife of the
1 ..hier Gf the Firs-. National Bank ot
j Tombstone, is visiting Cricnds in
j bee.
Bis-
I
BACK" FROM MILWAUKEE.
W. A. Holmes and wife have re
turned from a twomonth visit in Mil
waukee, where they have been visit
ins friends and relatives.
IMMIGRATION OFFICIAL VISITS.
Dr. K. C. Tarbell, connected with
the Uni-.ed Slates Immigration office
in Naco, was in Bisbee yesterday on a
business visit.
Min Ktta Sanders and Mrs. Kate
Igo, both employed in the rounty j
treasurer's office in Tombstone, vis
ited friends in Cisbee ovtr Sunday
and Monday. They returned to Tomb-;
mine yesterday afternoon. i
Hemorrhage Cause
of Mexican's Death
Maximo. Caso. Mexican about 40
yeais old, who was found dead Sat
urday in his cabin in Brewery Qulcli,
oied of "ii acute hemorrhage of the
h:nr;s. tl-o coroner's jury, sitting to
ri sy in Judge Allison's court, found.
flriMi-i V.n ines and FancirK'0 Fhirej,
i tvo Mexicans who found 1 he body of
! Ca test mod i't the inqucrt. Cavo
N. j was last seen i.live Nov em tier l:. out
accoiding to Dr. Chas. K. Holley, had
been dead no more than s day when
found.
Bisbee Boy Cited
For Brave Fighting
In Death Battalion
Ih'sheeans heLiins Col. Dan Morgan
Smith lecture at the V. M. C. A. Sun
day on his experiences in the great
war, learned that in this city there
is one of the heroes of the famous
"battalion of Death."
He is Lieut. Raymond C. Garcia, in
troduced at the lecture by Colonel
Smith.
lieutenant Garcia earned citations
for his heroic work while fighting
with the "Battalion of Death," of
gonne drives. This
acknowledgment
of his services on the battlefield
is
P.
signed by Brigadier General J.
O'Neil, commander of the 17i)ih infan-
try brigade. It .says, in part:
'"Of all the ofticers in my brigade!
none was better in I'iglKing and upon
none would I place more confidence
in the execution of a dangerous, diffi-i
cult mission than on Li ut. Raymond j
uurcia.
It f miner stales that Lieutenant
Gsireia riistlriifiiished hh:ii-.-lf so ranch i
in execution cf caring and difficult
missions that he at'racied the atten
tion of the entire brigade. This cita-
tinn ro;0c ,ta i n.. r.f rv r. c..,r
a second recognition of Lieutenant
Garcia's service is re. au-ed in a cita-
tion signed by Major Henry Allen, of
the 35Sth infantry, under whom Lieu-
tenant Garcia served
as adjutant for
Third battalion. Major Allen
rrrCiils Lieutenant Garcia with havina
voiun;eeied for hazardous duties on i
two occasions uurmg the Meuse
and I
Argonne fighting, and for having boen '
responsible for th; organization of
the Third battalion staff. i
Lieutenant Garcia has lived in Bis-"
r
bee since 1915 and entered the army
. c .i.: ir i !
servi
ituin ti u.j. uc i iuni
jn Tucson. He was employed at one
time in the assay ofi'ice of iho Copper
Queen here.
It. will probably bo arranged for
Lieutenant Garcia to address the
local Knights of Columbus on his war
experiences.
a result r.f his fi-luin- the lip,,
tenant carries,
beside his citations I
anu meuais, a eiijjm wuunu in uib
chin which was cut hv a machine cun !
clioht ti-nnnrt rn his
-0Ullet. . .
'
T-- TF'i'l Af'flVP
-x. . - -a t ri ii
DUrillS: LOM Pellla
Cupid didn't sufi't-r ts!d foe
the snowfall last weoli. Wcath
fioni
: Ci.
j
not Interfere with his woik, as is
shown in .the number of marriage ii -
censes issued curing the past week in!
l" oificc of Clerk of Superior Court!
J. E. Janiei:. The licenses issued fol-
low:
: T nt
L. L. Moffott, age 23,
LW IVCIl lUU
. v
ols 91, DOth of Douglas; OctaDiano r.
i gabedra, 21, to wed Maria D. La Cruz,
21. both of Bisbee: Frank Jonn, 26, to
wed Mary Nyiicis, 18, both of Bisbee;
Geo. A. Lamb, 21, to wed Ruby B.
Grier, 19, both of Bisbee; Burton
Shieve, 37, of Milleiton, Pa., to wed
Katherine L. Keonig, 7, Washington,
D. C; Alfred McCool, 31. to wed Ma
rie Dcnohue, 21, both cf Douglas;
Ree N. Bclyard, 28. to wed Ollie R.
Burr, 28, both of Douglas.
Read the Daily Review Want Ads.
r
THEATRE
1 ts 11 TODAY 1 to 11
WITH
Eve Dorriton
IN
"YOUR WIFE
AND MINE
The Thrilling Serial
"RED GLOVE"
Episode 17th
PAT HE NEWS
No. 72
And the Comedy
"STOP, LOOK
AND LISTEN
COUNTRY GLUB
STARTS WINTER
i SOCIAL SEASON
Tentative plans for the winter so
cial season of the Country club have
been arranged by the directors and
will include several formal and infor
mal dances. Last Saturday's masque
ball and buffet lunch marked 1 the
opening of the season .and will be
followed by an informal dance and
d inner a week from next Saturday
nipht.
On New Year's eve a formal dinner '
and dance has been arranged. This ;
event always has marked the real j
opening of the social season of the ,
club and from then until the last!
week of winter the club house has
been the scene of many gay festivi- j
ties. I
The golf dinner, which also is an
annual event at the club, proDaDij i
club, probably
wmi i;r n.-.n w. ...r,..v ,
8. although
definite arrangements I
ha
not been completed. The elec- j
ill tw hpld earlv I
Ui ui:i vw" "
in January. The new directors will
appoint committees and those select-
Jed on the entertainment
committee
win arranre the social Drocrain lor
arrange
the remainder of the winter season.
POLICEMAN ARRESTED
FOR ELECTION WORK
PHILADELPHIA, Dec 1. Police
Serjeant A. W. Young is the first to
be arrested under the new charter
mm ision making nernicious political
activity a misdemeanor. Young wore
a political worker's badge on election
day and was active in a voting booth,
-oofc' imnrisnnmpnt or a -3000
, i, maCimiim nenalties
Read tho Ijaiiy ueview want aua.
.
Business Locals
New shipment of select books just
arrived. Popular copyrights and chil
dren s Christmas dooks. ouy mh,.
LOWejl urug tO.-AUV.
Beautiful line of fancy stationery.
Ideal Christmas presents. Lowell
'Drug Co. Adv.
KoaaKS are scarce, uui juu eau get
good one for Christmas if you buy
i now
Lowell Drug Co-
AUV. '
Fountain pens for Christmas.
See
Low-
-our siock, piain auu
1 ell Drug Co. Adv.
NOTICE.
All members of Amaranth Court
No. 1 are requested to be present
Tuesday. December 2; election effi-
Cer. UKULU tiUlAL. JlAinUii.
1S14 12-2
Made Young
Bright eyes, a clear skin and a body
fall of youth and health m?y be
yours if you will keep your system
in order by regularly taking
GOLD MEDAL
world's standard remedy for kidney
fiver, bUdder and uric acid troubles, tha ,
enemies of life and looks. In o.; since ,
1596. All druggists, three sizes. " j
' ok for the nunc Gold Mded on mwmrw ho
nd copt Co imitatioa 1
roceirv DeDartment
The cool weather announces the opening of the Sausage season, and we are making
supplies fresh every day, and if you have not tried our famous
VIRGINIA STYLE SAUSAGE
MADE FRESH FROM WHOLESOME, U.S.A. INSPECTED PURE PORK
We would advise you to try them, as they compare very favorably with much higher
priced Sausages
They Have a Real Snappy Flavor
40c LB.---2 LBS. FOR 75c
SOLD ONLY BY
BISBEE
GRAND Theatre,
JOHN E. KELLER D .
In Shakespeare's Masterpiece
"HAMLET"
Company of Twenty-five Players
PRICES 50c to $2.00
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 9th
fU '" . v i 4 ',' ,
fi y
V '
. - : y. St,. -.'. :-: : r'., : i
PRICES - - - -
. Seats on Sale Saturday
THEATRE
TONIGHT 6 TO 11
The VITAGRAPH Star
HARRY M0REY
IN
i4In Honor's Web"
A Powerful Drama of a
Weakline
Fanrous Wolf ville Tales
"Toad Allen's
Elopement"
HANK . M ANN
IN
"WHIZ AND
WHISKERS
158 VI
4
LOWELL
Cent
Monday. Dec. 8
I laeaiore
TilOS, O DAY
offers
Aniericr Farenost
Ccnitji snnc
T R I X I S '
FRiGANZA
In the Season z IViost Fas
cinating Musical Comedy
"POOR MAMA"
A Riot of Joy With Music
Lyrics by Eimer Karris
Music by Jean Havez
Co-authors the recent suc
cesses, "So Long Letty '
and "Canary Cottage"
$1.00, $1.25, $1.50 and $2.00
at Lyric Theater Cox Office
EAGL
THEATkE
TODAY ! TO I!
The Kali Room
Boys
IN
"They Da It
On 8.00 Per
Featuring
Flznr.ign. and.Edwa.ds
BROADWAY'S
BIG NEW COMEDY
DAINTY
MAY ALLISON
IN
v
-.
CASTLES
IN THE AIR"
RATIMONT'S
r
Express Graphic 1
WA R R E N
LF" Vi V t XT' -M -r- w
0
f