i f
1
WEATHER
Thursday and Friday
generally fair, warmer
northeast portion.
COPPER PRICE
April 30, E. & M. Jour
nal, quotations 15.27.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
-it, '
VOL. 21 No. Ill
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, MAY 8, 1919
PRICE FIVE CENTS
HM
misi 3
I lERhi
I I 1
VDY
nn
fiWm
REGflV
i
i
'4
I
1
A
1
i
i
j
RIOTS
OVER PEACE
rJurn Home or Minister in
Peking Who Is Friendly to
Japs; Refuse to Sign Pact
Sinister Threat Sent China by
Japan: "Disgrace" Meeting
Warned Not to Be Held
PARIS, May 7 (By the Asso
ciated Press.) Serious trouble
broken out in China as a result of
the decis'on of the council of
three with regard to Shantung and
Kiao-Chau, according to news re
ceived in authoritative circles
here.
In riots in Peking the house of
Tsao Yu-Lim, minister of com
munications, who is fr'endly to
Japan, was burned.'
PEKING, May 7. (By the As
sociated Press.) The Chinese
cabinet at a meeting today decid
ed to Instruct the Chinese dele
gates in Paris not to sign a peace
treaty assigning the German
rights in Shantung to the
Japanese.
- TOKIO, May 7 (By the Asso
ciated Pre8s.) Japan has notified
China that the anti-Japanese agi
tation in Peking at present is
liable to cause misunderstandings.
The Japanese government also
has advised the Chinese govern
ment that it would be well to pro
hibit the "national disgrace" meet
ing planned today in Peking.
MEXICANS KIDNAP
AMERICAN SERGEANT
NOGALES, May 7. Mexican caval
rymen, said to have been drunk on
mescal following the Cinco de Mayo,
celebration, rode across the Interna
tional boundary at LochieC 40 miles
west of here, last night, and kidnap
ped a sergeant of the Tenth United
States cavalry, negro.
The troop commander immediately
made a demand on Mexican officers
for the return of the soldier, which
was refused. Then followed a demand
for the American's surrender from
Colonel Bush, commanding the No
gales military district. Today this was
recognized by General Calles, military
governor of Sonora, and the sergeant
of the Tenth was conducted ' to the
boundary.
Following the refusal of the first
application for the soldier's return.
United States troopers were rushed to
Lochlel, but it was stated that no
show of further force was necessary
since the incident was explained by
Mexican authorities as having been
due to a mistunderstandlng.
N. Y. MAKES LOAN SPLURGE,
NEW YORK, May 7. Victory loan
subscriptions officially recorded in
the New Cork federal reserve district
today aggregated $237,100,900, bring
ing the total up to 5794,373,300 or 58
per cent of the district's quota.
COLORADO OVER THE TOP.
DENVER, May 7. Colorado today
completed its quota in the Victory
Liberty loan campaign, according to
official announcement at state cam
paign headquarters. '
TO REVIEW SUBSCRIBERS
REVIEW carriers will hereafter
collect omnthly on their respect
ive routes direct from the sub
Bribers. Subscribers' bills are
made out in The Review office ana
given to the carriers to collect.
The circulation department has In
augurated this system for the pur
pose of affording ail subscribers
an opportunity to meet their car
rier direct each month, believing
that this will be for the betterment
of the delivery system.
SUBSCRIBERS, IF THEY SO
DESIRE MAY PAY AT THE OF
FICE AT ANY TIME FOR ANY
PERIOD. The bills which the
carrier presents for pyment can
not be altered. If a subscriber
wishes to pay for a period in ad
vance of that for which the bill is
made out, kindly notify the carrier
to that effect and a revised bill
will be made out, or if you desire
such payments may be made at the
Review office.
C
MEET RULING
Wilson May Not
Have ChancQ to
Sign Peace Pact
PARIS, May 7 (By the
Associated Press) There
is no indication that Presi
dent Wilson contemplates
hastening his return be
cause of the convocation of
congress on May 1 9, and
he undoubtedly will remain
here through the 1 5 days al
lowed the Germans for con
sideration of the peace
terms. In case negotia
tions are prolonged, it is
possible he may forego the
satisfaction of signing the
treaty and return home. It
is expected that he will send
a message, to be read in his
absence.
IN HEATED DEBATE
Admission of Regular Army
Soldiers Is Finally
Decided Upon
ST. LOUIS, May 7. Heated debate
whether regular army men should be
excluded from membership in the
American legion, which opens a three
day session tomorrow, occupied the
greater part of a preliminary caucus
of delegates tonight.
After charges and counter charges
had been made that certain delegates
were attempting to inject militarism
and bolshevism into the- tentative or
ganization, a motion was adopted that
regular army men be recommended
for admission at the caucus for enroll
ment. '
COLORADO TO REFUND
RAISED PHONE RATES
DENVER, May 7. Colorado tele
phone patrons will receive a refund
frdm their telephone tolls in case the
United States supreme court decides
the increased rates wre beyond the
authority of the postmaster general,
according to a telegram received to
day by the state public utilities com
mission from U. H. Bethell, chairman
of the operating board of the tele
graph and telephone administration
at Washington.
TEXAN KILLED IN ACTION
WASHINGTON, May 7. Names of
two men killed in action are contain
ed in the casualty list made public
today by the war department. They
are Corporal Raymond B. Cutts, 503
East Fifteenth street, Ararillo, Texas,
Private ' George raig, School Field,
VaV
Late News
Bulletins
rPEKING, Tuesday, May 6. (By the
Associated Press.) Much : excitement
prevails in Peking and China over an
attack Sunday evening' by students
on the residence of a. member of the
cabinet accused of. Japanese sympa
thies. The minister of education has
resigned as a protest against the de
cision of the cabinet to punlh the
school bovs arrested in connection
with attack. Educational leaders are !
insisting that the school boys be re
leased.
ARCHANGEL, May 7. -(By the As
sociated Press.) The American rail
way detachment with the allied troops
on the Murmansk coast were engaged
for the first time with the bolshevik!
last Saturday when the allies captured
Mesalskaya. One American officer
was killed. ;
NEW YORK, May 7. Removal by
the federal reserve board of all rei
strictiona and regulations governing
exports of sliver, which have been
stabilized since August of last year
has already stimulate;! demand for the
metal from various foreign sources
! Abandonment of the fixed mavimum
of 11.01 1-2 per ounce for export re
sulted in an advance of 1-4 cent today
but traders look for a steady rise with
flurries. Mexican silver dollars, quoted
today at 78 1-4, are expected to riHe
with bar silver.
AMERICAN
LEGO
SPECIAL GALL
OF CONGRESS LOUJ SALES
BYPRESIDEWTTME SPURT
Order for Extra Session Is
Cabled by Wilson to Begin
May 19; Finances Reason
Call Is Made on Request of
Secretary Glass ; Wilson Not
to Be Present at Opening
WASHINGTON, May 7. Presi
dent Wilson issued a call by cable
today for a special session of con
gress to meet Monday, May 19.
Secretary Tumulty in making the
announcement said it would be im
possible, of course, for the president
to be here on the opening day. The
day fixed for the special session was
uch earlier than democratic leaders
had expected.
White House officials said that in
naming an early date for the ses
sion, President Wilson was guided
largely by the advice of Secretary
Glass as to the necessity of passing
annual appropriation measures which
failed in the closing days of the last
session.
There was no information at the
White House as to the probable time
of the return of the president, but
administration leaders believed the
president had called the session
earlier than had been anticipated in
order that congress might dispose
of the more important appropriation
measures before the treaty was ready
for- consideration. . - ,
Republicans of the house virtually.
have completed their organization.
but the senate has done no organiza
tion work.
Senator Lodge, the republican
leader, today issued a call for a re
publican conference May 14 to per
fect the senate organization and
Representative . Monaell, republican
floor leader, announced a conference
of republican house members for
May 17.
President Wilson's . proclamation
calling the extra session follows:
'Whereas, Public interests re
quire that the congress of the United
States should be convened in ex
tra session at 12 o'clock noon on the
19th day of May, 1919, to receive
such communications as may be made
by the executive. t
"Now, therefore, I, Woodrow Wil
son, president of the- United States
of America, do hereby proclaim and
declare that an extraordinary occa
sion requires the congress of the
United States to convene in extra
session at the capltol in the District
of Columbia on the 19th day of
May, 1919, at 12 o'clock noon of
which all persons who shall at that
time be entitled to act as members
thereof are hereby required to take
notice.
"Given under my hand and the
seal of the United States of America
the 7th day of May, in the year of
our Lord one thousand nine hundred
and nineteen and of the independ
ence of the United States of Amer
ica the one hundred and forty-third.
(Signed) "WOODROW WILSON,
"By the President.
"ROBERT LANSING.
"Secretary, of State."
ANTI-BURLESON WRIT
FAILS INNEW MEXICO
SANTA FE. V M., May 7. Judge
Reed Holloman today refused to issue
a temporary restraining order against
Potsmaster General Burleson on peti
tion of the state to keep him from
putting into force certain telephone
rate incerases, but issued an ordei
requiring the defendant to show cause
why the Injunction prayed for should
not be granted.
SUFFRAGE REACHES N. M.
SANTA FE, .N. M., May 7. Chair
man Arthur Sftligman of the Demo
cratic committee, has appointed Mrs.
Elmer E. Veeder of Las Vegas vice
chairman. New Mexico"1 is the first
"non-voting" state where women have
been officially recognized in this man
ner by the contral committee. Mrs.
Veeder will attend the meeting of the
national committee in Chicago May
28 and 29.
GERMAN CANNON FOR PRIZES
SAN FRANCISCO. May 7. Four
German cannon, captured in action Oy
American troops, will be awarded a3
Victory Liberty loan prizes In the
twelfth federal reserve bank district,
according to advices from the treas
ury department received her tonight
by loan publicity headquarters.
u i p t n n i n a n -est to blame as much
UlUIUni uUHlli. a or am?MAivv aqgu?t?wq T?nj?
Nearly $400,000,000 Returns
in Single Day;; 59 Per Cent
of Total Is Now Subscribed
Prospects Are Bright for a
Driving Finish; Two States
Have Already Filled Quota
WASHINGTON, May 7 The best
reports of the entire , Victory Liberty
loan campaign reached ' the treasury
today. Total subscriptions were rais
ed to $2,458,663,000, or 59 per cent of
the aggregate desired. The overnight
increase was $38,000,000, of which
$237,000,000 came' from the New York
district.
. Kentucky and Connecticut have of
ficially oversubscribed their quotas.
Subscriptions by districts and percen
tages of quotas were announced as
follows : j
District Subscription Pet.
St. Louis $151,205,000 77.5
.Minneapolis 117,632,000 74.7
Chicago 404,484,00 61.9
Boston 228,442,000 60.9
New York 794,000,000 58.8
Richmond 111,686,000 53.1
Kansas City ....... 95,267,000 48.8
Cleveland 199,637.000 44.3 ;
Atlanta- 62,251,000 43.2,
Philadelphia 151,505.000 40.4
San .Francisco . ."112,129,000 37.1-
Dallas 30.421,000 32.1
, Subscriptions, received today, which
was observed throughout the nation
as "navy day" are expeted by officials
to be shown in tomorrow's reports
and to cause a large increase in the
total pledged.
In a statement tonight, declaring the
Victory loan to be "the Argonne for
est for Americans at home," Secretary
Glass set aside tomorrow as "army
day." . .
"On this day," said the secretary,
let each man and woman who ranks
as a shareholder in this free republic
pledg to the Victory Liberty loan the
largest sum his ability permits. Let
every civilian have the right to say in
future retrospection: "Mine was not
to fight, but I did my utmost."
MARINES LEAD RIFLE
TOURNEYJN FRANCE
LEMANS, France, May 7. Lieut
Col. Edward Bittel of the Fourth di
vision, led the 1261 marksmen in the
tournament of the American expedi
tionary forces at the close of the sec
ond day of the rifle preliminaries to
day. Colonel Bittel completed the pre
liminaries with a score of 270 out of
a possible 300. His total score waa
tied by First Sergt. Joseph W. Logue,
110th marines, but the sergeant takes
second place under the rule governing
high scores which gives the advantage
to the competitor with the highest rat
ing of hits on rapid fire.
At the close of the shooting yester
day the 130th marines led in the regi
mental averages and .the second di
vision in the divisional averages. .
GROSS IS BANNED ON
BRITISH HERO GRAVES
LONDON, May 7. The decision1 of
the Imperial War Graves commission
against permitting tombstones in the
form of the cross to be erected over
the graves of British soldiers burlea
overseas evoked sharp protests in the
house of Lords. "Cureaucracy gone
mad," was the criticism of Lord Sel
borne. Lord Peel, speaking for the
commission, said they had decided
that crosses must not be used as
monuments.
U, S. TRANS-ATLANTIC
FLIGHT AGAIN DELAYED
NEW YORK, Commander John
H. Towers, commanding the trans
Atlantic flight of navy seaplanes,
announced tonight that the start
on the first leg of the flight which
will take the air craft to Halifax,
would not bs made tomorrow. He
declined to make any prediction
as to the chances for starting Friday.
IN ANSWER TO CLEMENCEA U
' Tiger9 Brusque
In Handing Huns
Terms of Allies
VERSAILLES, May 7.
(Havas) In opening the
session of the peace con
gress M. Clemenceau, the
presiding' officer, speaking
to the German plenipoten
tiaries, said:
"It is unnecessary to ex
press needless words. You
have before you the plen
ipotentiaries of the small
and great powers united in
this most cruel war, which
was imposed upon them.
The hour has arrived for a
heavy settlement of the ac
count." Count von Brockdorff
Rantzau said:
V "We declare that we do
not deny the extent of our
defeat. We know the pow
er of the German armies is
broken."
DIVIDED BY ALLIES
Japan Gets Mandatory Over
Islands North Equator;
Britain Gets African
PARIS, May 7. (By the Associated
Press.) The couneil of three has
agreed upon the disposition of the
former German colonies. The mandate
for the German Samoan islands goes
to New Zealand, and for the other for
mer possessions south of the equator
to Australia. Japan is to be mandate
of tne islands north of the equator.
The official communication on this
subject says:
"The council of three, M. Clemen
ceau, President Wilson and Mr. Lloyd
George, yesterday decided as to the
disposition of the former German col
onies as follows:
"Togoland and Kamerun France
and Great Britain shall make a joint
recommendation to the league of na
tions as to their future.
"German East Africa The mandate
shall be held by Great Britain.
"German Southwest Africa The
mandate shall be held by the Union
of South Africa.
"The German Samoan islands The
mandate shall be held by New Zea
land. . ,
"The other German Pacific posses
slons south of the equator, excluding
the German Samoan Islands and
Nauru the mandate shall be held by
Australia.
"Nauru (Pleasant Island) The
mandate shall be given to the British
empire.
"The German Pacific islands north
of the equator The mandate shall be
held by Japan."
$5,000,000 HARBOR Ifl
PALESTINE IS PLANNED
ALEXANDRIA, May 7. British
occupation of Palestine plans among
its improvements building of a jetty
and harbor at Haifa to cost $5,000,000
and the installation of modern sani
tation including a complete sewage
disposal plant in Jerusalem.
REPUBLC SOUGHT BY
GREEKS ON TURK SOIL
CONSTANTINOPLE, May 7.
Greeks along the southern shore or
the Black Sea would form a republic
with Trebizond as Its capital. It
would extend 60 to 75 miles into the
interior and have a population oi
2,000,000. Such an area, however,
would cut Into the borders of the
proposed independent Armenia.
DM
COLONIES
TREATY DEPRIVING EMY
BE ILL POWER FOR HM
WOT TO GERMIY'S LIKING
Terms Reduce Once Mighty German Empire to Army of
100,000 Men, Navy of Six Small Battleships, Take Away
All Colonies, Make Foe Pay Entire War Damage; Envoy
Pleads That German People Will Break Under Burden
NEW YORK, May 7. The treaty of peace, submitted
to the German delegates at Versailles today by the represen
tatives of the associated powers, reduces Germany to mili
tary impotence, deprives her of her colonies, restore Alsace-
Lorraine to France and provides for reparation to the nations
injured by her in the war.
This wa3 made known in an official summary of the
treaty, cabled from the American peace commission to the
committee on public information in New York. At the same
time official Announcement was made that President Wilson
nact pledged himselt to propose to the senate an agreement
that the United States, in conjunction with Great Britain,
would go to the assistance of France in case of an unpro
voked attack by Germany.
VERSAILLES, May 7-(By the Associated Press.) The arrival and de
parture of Count von Brockdorff-Rantzau and his companions on the German
peace mission at Trianon palace this afternoon marked tense moments for"
the thousands who lined the roped-off streets of Versailles and watched the
ehtrance to the Palace grounds. . The motor cars carrying the German dele
gation did not leave the hotel where th e enemy delegates are quartered until
all the allied delegates were within the palace. The military guard was with
drawn from the palace entranceand the crowd was 3D prised of the fact that
the Germans were approaching.
No insults were offen'd the enemy representatives, the throngs standing
absolutely mute and in. silence aslthe French orderlies opened the automobile
doors and French and British officers conducted the Ge'rmans Into the palace.
The group of allied officers standing on the steps at the main entrance to the
trianon palace either salute perfunctorily or avoided saluting by turning!
away from the Germans.
ADDRESS BY CLEMENCEAU
VERSAILLES, May 7. Following is
the address of M. Clemenceau to the
German delegates at the peace con
gress today:
'Gentlemen, plenipotentiaries of the
German empire:
"It is neither the time nor the place
for superfluous words. You have be
fore you the accredited plenipoten
tiaries of all the small and great pow
ers united to fight together In the
war that has been so cruelly imposed
upon them. The time has come when
we must settle our account.
"You have asked for peace. We are
ready to give you peace. We shall
present to you now a book which con
tains our conditions. You will be giv
en every facility to examine these
conditions, and the time necessary for
ic Jtiverytning win be done with the
courtesy that is the privilege of civil
ized nations. ;
Allies Take All Precautions
"To give you my thought complete
ly, you will find us ready to give you
any explanation you want, but we
must say at the same time that this
second treaty of Versailles has cost
us too much not to take on our side
all the . necessary precautions anu
guarantees that the peace shall be a
lasting one.
'.'I will give you notice of the
procedure that has been adopted
by the conference for discussion
and if anyone has any observa
tions to offer he will have the
right to do so. No oral discussion
is to take place, and the observa
tions of the -German delegation
.will have to be submitted in writ
ing. "The German plenipotentiaries will
know that they have the maximum
period of 15 days within which to pre
sent in English and French their writ
ten observations on the whole of the
treaty. Before the expiration of the
aforesaid period of 15 days the Gr
man delegates will be entitled to send
their reply oa particular headings or
the treaty ,or to ask questions in re
gard to them.
Set Final Answer Date Later
"After having examined the obser
vations presented within the aforesaid
period, the supreme council will send
their answer in writing to the Ger
man delegation and determine the per
iod within which the final global
(world wide) answer must be given
by this delegation.
"The president wishes to add that
when we receive after two or three
or four or five days, any observations
from the German delegation on any
point of the treaty, -we shall not wait
until the end of $he 15 days to give
our answer. We shall at nce proceed
in the way indicated by this docu
ment." M. Clemenceau spoke in French.
HUN ENVOY'S REPLY
VERSAILLES, May 7. Count von
Brockdorff-Rantzau, head of the Ger
man delegation, speaking in German,
said: T
"Gentlemen:
"We are deeply impressed with the
sublime task which has brought us
hither to give a durable peace to the
world. We are under no illusion as to
the extent of our defeat and the
degree of our want of power. We
know that the power of the German
arms is broken. We know the power
of the hatred which we encounter here
and we have heard the passionate de
mand that the vanquishers may make
us pay as the vanquished, and shall
punish those who are Worthy of be
ing punished.
Claim Allies Guilty
"It is demanded from us that we
shall confess ourselves to be the only
ones guilty of the war. . Such a' con
fession 1n my mouth ' would be a lie.
We are' far from declining any respon
sibility that this great war of the
world has come to pass and that it
was made in the way in which it was
made. The attitude of the former Ger
man government at The Hague peace
conference, its actions and omissions
in the tragic twelve days of July have
certainly contributed 4o the disaster.
But we energetically deny that Ger
many and its people, who were con
vinced that they were making a war
of defense, were alone guilty.
"Nobody will want to contend that
the disaster took its course only in
the disastrous moment when the suc
cessor to the throne of Austria Hun
gary fell the victim of murderous
bands. In the last fifty years the Im
perialism of all the European states
has chronically poisoned the interna
tional situation. The policy of retal
iation and the policy of expansion and
the disregard of the rights of peoples
to determine their own destiny have
contributed to the illness of Europe,
(Continued on Page 6, Col. 1.) twcr
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, " THURSDAY, MAY 8, 1919
PIC A'
FOE GO
IeSuT OF
1Y ME VEALS
T7T7
1 1
WLi'I
NEW. YORK, May 7. An officia'
summary of the peace treaty deliveret
to the German delegates at Vesaille
by the representatives of the associ
ated powers,- was made public hen
today by the committee on public in
formation. It follows?
"In addition to the securities afford
ed in the treaty of. peace the presi
dent of the United States has pledget
himself to propose to the senate of tht
United States and the prime ministei
of Great Britain has pledged himsel:
to propose to the parliament of Grea
Britain in engagement, subject to th
approval of the council of the Jeagu
of nations, to come immediately t(
the assistance of France in case of un
provcked attack by Germany.
"Following is summary of treaty of
peace for use of the press":
PARIS, .May" 7. The treaty of peace
.between -the twenty-seven allied ant
associated powers on the one hand
and Germany 'on the other,' was hand
ed to the German plenipotentaries a.
Versailles today. v
. It is the longest treaty ever drawn
U .tctals about . 80,000 words, "dividec
into fifteen main sections and repre
jents the combined product of over a
thousand experts, working continuall
through a series of commissions for
the three and a half months since
January 18th. - The treaty is printed
in parallel pages of English anc
t' rench, which are recognized as hav
Aniinl 1 Ai f r Tf -Anna vistf laal
auk cuuai aiiui . x , uiso uvb uj
;with questions affecting Austria, Bui
earia and Turkey, except insofar as
binding Germany to accept any agree
mrai reacueu wmi muse iurmer al
lies. ' (
League of Nations Comes First
Following the preamble and deposi
tion of powers comes the covenant oi
the league of nations as the first sec
tion of the treaty. The frontiers of
Germany- in Europe' are defined in the
second section: European political
-classes given in the third; European
political classes in1 the fourth. Next
are the military, naval and air terms.
as the fifth section, followed by a sec-
tion on prisoners of war and military
graves, and a' seventh on . responsi
bilities . Reparations, financial terms
and economic terms are covered in
sectcions eight to ten. Then comes
the league of nations section ports,
waterways and railway section, the
labor covenant, the section on guar
antees, and the final clauses.
' All Hun Colonies Wiped Out
Germany, by the terms of the treaty,
restores Alsace-Lorraine to France,
accepts the internationalization of the
Saare basin temporarily and of Dan
zig permanently; agrees to territorial
changes toward Belgium and Denmark
and in East . Prussia, cedes most of
upper Silesia to Poland, and renounces
all territorial and political rights
outside Europe, a to her own or her
allies' .territories, and especially to
Morocco, Egypt, Siam, Liberia . and
Shantung, She also recognizes ' the
total independence of German-Austria,
Czecho-Slcvakia and Poland.
Her . army is reduced to one
hundred thousand men. including
officers; conscription within her
- -territories is abolished; all forts
fifty kilometers east of the Rhine
razed; and all importation, ex
portation and nearly all produc
tion of war material stopped.
Allied occupation of parts of Ger
many will continue until repara
, tion is mad-e, but will be reduced
at the end of each of three five
year periods if Germany is fulfill
ing her obligations. Any violation
by Germany of the conditions as
to the zone fifty kilometers east
of the Rhine will be regarded as
an act of war.
The German navy is reduced to srx ; tain of the economic and financial
battleships, six cruisers six light ' preblems. An . international confer
cruisers and twelve torpedo boats,ience on labor is to he held in October
without submarines, and a personnel under its direction, and another on
of not over fifteen thousand. All; the international control of ports,
other vessels must be surrendered or waterways and railways is fore
destroyed, Germany . ia forbidden to shadowed.
build forts controlling the Baltic, must . MEMBERSHIP The membership
demolish Helgoland ,open the Klell0f the league will be the signatories
canal to all nations, and surrender her of the . covenant and other states in
14 submarine cables. She may have vited to accede, who must lodge a.
no nmiiBry or navai air rorces except
one hundred unarmed seaplanes until
October 1st to detect mines, and may
manufacture aviation material for six
mouths only.
Pays for Ships, Ton for Ton
Germany accepts- full responsibility , giving two years notice, if it has ful
for all damages caused to allied, and , filled all its international obligations.
associated, ogvernments and nationals,
agrees specifically- to . reimburse all
civilian damages beginning with an
initial - payment of. twenty ; billion
marks, subsequent- payments to be
secured by bonds to be" issued at the
discretion of the reparation connnis-
sion. Germany is to pay shipping
damage on a ton-for-ton basis by ces -
Diun ui a. pan ui iier ineixiinii t siaies. n,acn memoerwiu nave one
- coasting and river fleets and by new j vote and not more than three repre-
construction; and to devote her eco-' sentatives.
nomic resources to the rebuilding of. COUNCIL The council will consist
the devastated regions. - - I of representatives of the five great al
She agrees to return tc the nine to lied powers, together with the repre
fonrteen months favored nation sentatives of four members selected
tariffs, without discrimination of any by the assembly from time to time; it
sort: to allow allied and anociated mav cn-nnerate with aririitinnnl Mtatea
nationals freedom of transit through and will meet at least once a year,
her territories and to accept highly Members not represented . will be In
detailed provisions as to pre-war vited to send a representative when
debts, unfair competition, Internation- questions afiecting their interestB are
alizaticn of roads and rivers, and other discussed. Voting will be by states,
economic and tinancial clauses. Each state will have one vote and not
She' ale agrees to the trial of
thr ex-kaiser by an international
high court for a supreme effense
aaginst international morality and
of other nations for violation of
the laws and customs of war, Hol
land to be asked to extradite the
former empt'rer, and Germany be
ing responsible for delivering the
latter, j
The-" league of nations is accepted
bv the allied and HorintpH noworu
as operative, and bv Germany in prin-
ciple, buC'wIthout membership. Sim-
. ilarly, an-Jrtnational labor body is
' brought- 1ntd-:eihg with a permanent
; office ' ftiitf ah'"-a1nnual convention.- A
great rrribe?' o!; international bodies
it different kinds and for different
urpcses are created, some under the
iague of nations, some to execute
he peace treaty. Among the former i
3 the cimmlssio to govern the Saar
asin till a plebiscite is held fifteen !
'ears hence; the high commissioner
of Danzig, which is created into a
.'ree city under the pleague, and vari-i
jus commissions for plebiscites In
vlalmody, Schleswig and East Prus-j
da; among those to carry 'out thei
eace treaty are the reparations, mili-!
:ary, naval, air, financial and eco-'
omic commissions ; the international
.igh court and military tribunals to
ix responsibilities, and a series of
bodies for the control of international
rivers. i
Certain problems are left for solu
tion between the allied and associated
powers, notably details of the dispo
sition of the German fleet and cables,
he former German colonies, and the
values paid in reparation. Certain
other . problems such as the laws of
the air, and the opium, arms and
'iquor traffic are either agreed, to in
'ptail nr wt for enrlv notlnn.
27 Allies Named in Preamble ;
PREAMBLE: The preamble names
as parties of the' one part the Unitett
States, the British empire, France,
Italy, , and Japan, described as the
five allied and associated powers, and
Belgium, Bolivia, Brazil, China, Cuba,
Ecuador, Greece, Guatamala,. HaVi,
'.he Hedjaz, Honduras, Liberia", Nic
ragua, Panama, Peru, Poland, Portu
gal, Jtoumania, Serbia, Siam, Czecho
slovakia and Uruguay, who with the
Tive above are described as the allied
and., asociated powers, and on the
other part, Germany.
It states that: bearing in' mind that
on the request of the then imperial
lerman government an armistice was
granted on November 11th,- 1918, by
the five allied and asociated powers
In order that a treaty of peace, might
he concluded with her, and whereas
the allied and associated powers being
equally desirous that the war in which
they were successfully involved, di
rectly or indirectly and which origin
ated In the declaration of war by Austria-Hungary
on July 28th, 1914,
against Serbia, the declaration of war
by. Germany against Russia on Aug
use 3rd, 1914, and in the invasion of
Belgium, should be replaced by a firm,
just and durable peace, the pleni
potentpotentiaries, having communi
cated their full powers found in good
and true form, have agreed as fol
lows: From the coming into, force of the
present treaty the state of war will
terminate. From the moment and sub
ject to the provisions of this treaty.
relations with Germany, and with eacn
of the German states, will be re
sumed by the allied and associated
powers. .
Huns Accountable to Nations' League
- SECTION l.-LEAGUE OF .NA
TIONS. The covenant of the league
of nations constitutes section one of
the peace treaty, which places upon
the league many specific duties in ad
dition to. its general duties. It may
question Germany at any time for a
violation of the neutralized zone east
of the Rhine as a threat against the
world's peace. It will appoint three
-f the five members of the Saare com
mission, oversee its regime, and carry
out the plebiscite. It will appoint the
high commissioner of Danzig, Guar
antee the independence of the free
city and arrange for treaties between
Danzig and Germany and Poland. It
will work out the mandatory system
to be applied to the former German
colonies, and art aa n final rnnrt In
behalf of the plebiscites of the Bel
i gian-German frontier, and in disputes
as to the Kiel canal, and decide rer
declaration of .accession without res-
eryation within two months. A new
state, dominion, or colony may be ad
mitted provided - its admission is
agreed to by two-thirds of the as
sembly. A state may withdraw upon
' Seat of League Is Geneva
SECRETARIAT A permanent sec
retariat will be established at the
seat of the league which will be at
Geneva.
ASSEMBLY The assembly will
consist of representatives of the
members of the league, and will meet
!at stated intervals. Voting will De by
more than one representative. De-
cision taken . by the assembly and
council must be unanimous except in
regard to procedure, and in certain
cases specified in the covenant and
in the treaty, where i decisions will
bo by a majority.
To Reduce Armaments
ARMAMENTS The council will
i foimulate plans for a reduction of
armaments for consideration ana
aHnniinit Tlioa ulunu will lo
vised every ten years. The council
will formulate plans for the establisa-
ment of a permanent court of Inter-
national Justice to determine interna-
tional disputes or to give advisory
cpiniobb. Member who do uot tub-
PRICE OF WORLD BLOOD LUST
HOW TREATY HUMBLES HUNS
Under the terms of the peace treaty handed the representatives of defeated Germany
by the representatives of the victorious allied powers in Versailles yesterday afternoon
GERMANY MUST
Give up all colonies in all parts' of the world.
Raze all fortifications for 50 kilometers east of the Rhine.
Abolish conscription and reduce army to 100,000 men, including officers. Men must
enlist for twelve years, officers' for twenty-five years.
Reduce navy to six battleships' and 15,000 men, including of ficers.
Demolish all fortifications of Helgoland and Kiel canal at own expense.
Pay ton for ton for all ships of allies submarines destroyed.
Build ships for allies.
Give up all airplanes and build ho more planes or U-boats.
Surrender ex-kaiser, allies holding German officers as hostages.
Abrogate treaty of Brest-Litoysk with Russia. .
Give back all Russian territory. j, ; .
; ' Accept full responsibility for all damage suffered by all the allied and associated pow
ers during war. v..-''.
Raze all munition and poison eras dints within her borders.
Give France Alsace-Lorraine, Belgium terrain between Luxemburg and Holland and
Poland the southeastern tip of Silesia most of Posen and West Prussia, isolating East Prussia'
Agree to internationalization of Danzig and plebiscite for Schleswig.
Give up Saare oal mines to France for period of years.
Relinquish all Boxer rights in China.' '
Pay for damage done French colonies from 1900 to 1914.
Submit to the decisions of the League of Nations.
Make first reparation of twenty billion marks at once.
THE ALLIES WILL i ,
Try William Hohenzollern for high offense against international morality.
Leave army on German soil until full reparation is made.
Take all German submarine cables. .
Exact tribute of Gentian goods for period of years to apply on reparations.
Sell at auction German goods in allied lands and territories to apply on reparations.
Administer Rhine ports through French government.
Keep German ships interned in all allied ports.
Seize all German merchant ships over 1,600 tons each as part reparation payment. .
Impose any and all such future economic and financial prohibitions and reprisals on
Germany as they may deem necessary to assure reparation payment.
mit their case to arbitration must ac- munitieB, such as Southwest Africa and
cept the jurisdiction of the assembly, the South Pacific Islands, will be ad
If the council, less the parties to the ministered under the laws of the man
dispute, is unanimously agreed upon datory as integral portions of its tel
the , rights of it, the members agree ritory. In every case the. mandatory
that they will not go to war with any will render an annual report, and the
party to the dispute which complies degree of its authority will be de
with . its recommendations. ' In this fined. i.
case, a recommendation' by the assem- Duties of Mnndator'es Defined
bly adopted, no member must exceed
the armaments ifxed without .the
concurrence of the assembly. All
members will exchange full informa
tion as to armaments, and programs
and a permanent commission will ad
vise the council on military and naval
questions.
Ostricism for Recalcitrant Powers
PREVENTING OF WAR Upon any
war, or threat of war, the council will
meet to consider what common action
6hall be taken. - Members are pledged
to submit matters of dispute to arbi
tration or inquiry and not to resort
to war until three months after the
award. Members agree to carry "out
an arbitral war, and not to go to war
unless concurred in by all members
represented on the council and a sim
ple majority of the rest, less the par
ties to the dispute, which concurrence
will have the force of a unanimous
recommendation by the oouncil. In
either case if the necessary agreement
cannot be secured the members re-
serve the right to take such action
I as may ibe necessary for the main
tenance of right . and justice. Mem-
. bers resorting to war in disregard of
the covenant will immediately be ae-
barred from all intercourse with other
members. The council will in such
cases consider what military or navai
action can be taken by the league
collectively for the protection of the
covenants and will afford facilities to
members co-operating In this enter
prise.
No More Secret Treaties ,
VALIDITY OF TREATIES All
treaties or international engagements
concluded after the institution of the
league will be registered with the
j secretariat ana puDusnea. Trie as
sembly may from time to time advise
members to consider treaties which
have become inapplicable or involve
danger to peace. The covenant abro
gates all obligations between mem
bers inconsistent with its terms, but
nothing in it shall affect the validity
of international engagement such as
treaties of arbitration or regional un
derstandings like the Monroe doctrine
for securing the maintenance of peace.
THE MANDATORY SYSTEM The
j tutelage of nations not yet able to
stand by themselves will be entrusted
to advanced nations who are best fit
i ted to undertake it The covenant
I recognizes three different stages of
development requiring different kinds
' of mandatories. Communities like
j those belonging to the .Turkish empire
j which can be. provisionally recognized
as independent, will be subject to ad
vice and assistance from a mandatory
in whose selection they would be al
lowed a voice.
Communities like those of central
Africa are to be administered ;by the
mandatory under conditionfe' generally
approved by the members- :of the
j league, where equal opportunities for
: trade will be allowed to all members;
'certain abuses, such as trade in
slaves, arms and liquor, will be pro
hibited, and the construction ot mili
tary and naval bases and the intro
duction of compulsory military train
ing will bo ditallowed. Olher cunl-
J GENERAL INTERNAT IONAL,
PROVISIONS Subject to and in ac
cordance with the provisions of inter
national conventions existing or here:
after to be agreed upon, the members
of the league will in general endeavor
through the " international organiza
tion established by the labor conven
tion to secure and maintain" fair con
ditions of labor for men, women and
cildren in their own countries and
other countries, and undertake to se
cure just treatment of the native in
habitants of territories under their
control; they will entrust the league
with the general supervision over the
execution of agreements for the sup
pression of traffic in women and chil
dren, etc., and the control of the trade
in arms and ammunition with coun
tries in which control Is necessary;
they' will make provision for freedom
of communications and transit and
equitable treatment for commerce of
all members' of the league, with spe
cial reference to the necessities of
regions devastated during the war;
and they will' endeavor to take steps
for International prevention and con
reaus and commissions already estab
lished will be placed under the league,
as well as those to be established in
the future.
AMENDMENTS TO THE COVE
NANT Amendments to the covenant
will take effect when ratified by the
council and by a majoritf of the
assembly.
Slices Cut From Germany
BOUNDARIES OF GERMANY
Germany cedes to France, Alsace Lor
raine, five thousand six hundred
square miles, and to Belgium two
Small; districts between Luxemburg
and Holland, ; totalling nine hundred
and eighty-nine square miles. She
also Cedes to Poland the southeastern
tip of Silesia' beyond and including
Opelm, most of Posen jmd Wesf.
Prussia, twenty-seven thousand six
hundred and eighty-six square miles,
East Prussia being isolated from the
main body by, a. part of Poland. She
loses sovereignty oyer the northeastern-most
tip -of East Prussia, forty
square miles north of the river Me
mel, and the internationalized areas
about Danzig. , -seven hundred and
tyventy-nine Bquare miles, . and the
basin of the Saare, seven hundred and
thirty-eight square miles between the
western border of the- Rhenish pala
tinate of Bavaria and the southeast
corner of .Luxemburg. The. Danzig
area consists of the V between the
Nogat and Vistula rivers made a W
by the addition of a similar V on the
west, including the city of ( Danzig.
The southeastern third of East Prus
sia and the area between East Prus
sia and the Vistula north of latitude
53,-; degrees 3 minutes, isj. to have- its
nationality : determined by popular
vote, five .thousand' seven hundred
and eighty-five miles as is to be the
case in part of Schleswig, two thou
sand seven hundred and eighty-seven
square miles.
;Bedgium Treaties Abrogated
BELGIUM Germany is to consent
to the abrogation of- the treaties of
lS'i'J by which Belgium was establith-
i I
ed as a neutral state, and to agree in
advance ' to any convention with
which the allied and associated pow
ers may determine to replace them.
She Is to recognize the full sover
eignty of Belgium over the contested
territory of Moresnet and over part
of. Prussian Moresnet and to renounce
in tavor of Belgium all rights of the
circles of Euflen and Malmedy, the
inhabitants of which are to be enti
tled within six months to protest
against this change ot sovereignty
either in whole or in part, the final
decision to be reserved to tne league
of nations. A commission is to set
tle the details of the frontier, and va-1
rious regulations for. change of na
tionality are laid down.
LUXEMBOURG Germany re
nounces her various treaties and con
ventions with the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg, recognizes that I:
ceased to be a part of the German
Zollereign from January 1st last, re
nounces all right of exploitation ot
the railroads, adheres to the abroga
tion of its neutrality and accepts in
advance any international agreement
as to it reached by the allied and
issociated po"wers.
Shorn of Mobilization Power
LEFT BANK OF THE RHINE
As provided in the military, clauses
Germany will not maintain any forti
fications or armed, forces less than
fifty kilometers to the east of the
Rhine, hold any maneuvers, nor main
tain any works to facilitate mobiMza -
tion. In case of violation "she phall
be regarded as committing a hSstilo
act against the powers who sign the
present ireaij una us inieuumg iu
disturb the peace of the world.
By virtue Cof the present treaty.
Germany shall be bound to respond :
to any request for an explanation
which the council of the league of
nations may thank it necessary to
address to her.
Moral Wrong of 1871 Wiped Out
ALSACE-LORRAINE After recog
nition of the moral obligation to re
pair the wrong done In 1871 by Ger
many to France and the" people of
Alsace-Lorraine, the territories ceded
to Germany by the treaty of Frank
fort are restored to France with the
frontiers as before 1871. to date from
the signing of the armistice, and to
be free of all public debts. i
Citizenship is regulated by detailed
provisions distinguishing those who
are immediately restored to full
French citizenship, those who have
to make formal applications therefor,
and those for whom . naturalization
is open after three years. The last
named class include German resi
dents in Alsace-Lorraine, as distin
guished from those who acquire the
position of Alsace-Lorraine residents
as defined in tne treaty. Ail public
property and all private property of
German ex-sovereigns passes to
France without payment or .credft.
France is substituted for Germany as
regards ownership of the railroads
and rights over concessions of tram -
ways. The Rhine bridges pass to
France with the obligation for their
upkeep.
For five years manufactured prod-
ucts of Alsace-Lorraine will be ad -
mttted to Germany free of duty to a
total . amount not exceeding in uny
ycar the average of the three years
preceding the war and textile mate
rials may be imported from Germany
:to Alsace-lxrraine and re-exported
free of duty. Contracts lor electric
nnwer from the rieht hank must be
continued for ten years.
For seven years, with possible ex
tension to ten, the ports of Kiehae
and Strassbourg shall be administered
as a single unit by a. French admin
istrator appointed and supervised by
the central Rhine commission. Prop
rty, rights will be safeguarded in
both ports and equality of -treatment
i as respects traiiic assured tne na
tionals, vessels and goods of every
country. Contracts between Alsace
Lorrainers and Germans are main
tained save for France's right to an
nul on grounds of public interest.
Judgments of courts hold in certain
classes of cases, while in others a ju
judicial exequateur is first required.
Political condemnations during the
war art null and void and the obli
gation to repay war fines is establish
ed as in other parts of allied terri
tory. Various clauses adjust the various
provisions of the treaty to the special
conditions of Alsace-Lorraine, certain
matters of execution being left to con
ventions to be made between France
I and Germany. ",
I . France Gets Coal Mines
I THE SAAR In compensation for
the destruction of coal mines for
northern France and as payment on
account of reparation-, Germany cedes
I to France full ownership of the coal
mines of the Saar basin with their
subsidiaries accessories and facili- j
ties. Their value will be estimated
by the' reparation commission and ;
credited against that account. The
French rights will be governed by
German law in force at the armistice
excepting war legislation, France", re
placing the present owners! . whom
Germany undertakes to indemnify.
France will continue to furnish the
present proportion of coal for local
needs and contribute in just propor
tion to local taxes. ,
The basin extends from the frontier
of Loiraine as re-annexed to France
north as far as St. Wendel, including
I on the west the valley of the Saar as
'far as Saarholsebach and on the east
l the town of Homburg.
; To Be Governed by Commission .
I In order to secure the rights and
j welfare of the population and to guar-
I antee to France entire freedom in
; working the mines, the territory will
be governed by a commission appoint
ed by the league of nations and con
sisting of five members, one French,
one a native inhabitant of the Saar
and three representing three differ-
) entt countries other than France and
Germany. The league will appoint a
member of the commission as chair
man to act as executive of the com
mission. The' commission will have
all powers of government formerly be
longing to the German empire. Prus
sia and Bavaria will administer the
railroads and other public services
and have full po-wer to interpret the
treaty clauses. The local courts will
continue, but subject to the commis
sion with the existing German legis
lation; will remain the basis of the
law, but the commission may make
modificatlcn after consulting a local
lepresentative assembly which it will
organize. It will have the taxing
power, but for local purposes only.
New taxes must be approved by this
assembly. Labor legislation will
consider the wishes of the local labor
organizations and the labor program
tf the league. French and other la
bor may be freely utilized, the for
mer being free to belong to French
unions. All rights acquired as to
pensions and social institutions will
be maintained by Germany and the
Saar commission. There will be no
military Be'rvice, but only a local gen-
rdarmerie to preserve order. The
people will preserve their local as
semblies, religious liberties, schools
and language, but may vote only for
local assemblies. They will keep
their present nationality except so
far as individuals may change it.
Those wishing to leave will have ev
ery facility with respect to their prop-
1 prtv
The territory will form part of
j the French customs system with no
export tax on coal and metallurgical
products going' to Germany nor oh
i German oroducts entering the basin
and for five years to import duties
on products of the basin going to Ger
many or German products coming into
the basin for local consumption.
Huns May Buy , Mines Back
French money may circulate with
out restriction. After fifteen years
a plebiscite will be held by communes
to ascertain the desires of the popula
tion as to continuance of the existing
regime under the league of nations'
convention wKh France or union with
Germany. The right to vote will be
long to. all inhabitants over twenty
years' resident therein at the signa
ture. Taking into account the opin
ions thus expressed, the league will
decide the ujtimate sovereignty. In
any portion restored to Germany the
German government must buy out the
French mines at an appraised valua
tion. If the price is not paid within
six months thereafter this portion
money buys ba;k the mines, the league
will determine how much of the coal
shall be annually sold to France. '
No Annexation of German Austria
GERM AN-A U S T R I A Germany
recognizee iho total independence of
German-Austria in Xhe boundaries
i traced
CZECHO SLOV A K I A Germany
I cedes to Poland the greater part of
upper Silesia, Posen and the province
of West Prussia on the left bank of
i the Vistula. A field boundary corn-
mission of seven five representing
the allied and associated powers and
one each representing Poland and
1 Germany shall be constituted within
i fifteen days of the peace to delimit
' this boundary. Such ppeciul provl-
sions as are necessary to protect ra
cial, linguistic! or religious minorities
and to protect freedom of transit and
equitable treatment of commerce ot
other nations bhall be laid down in a
subsequent treaty between the five
allied and associated powers and Pa- '
land.
EAST PRUSSIA The southern
and the eastern frontier of East Prus
sia is to be fixed by plebiscites, the
first ia the regency of Allenstein be
tween; the southern frontier of East
Prussia and the northern frontier of
Regierungsbesirk, Allenstein from
where it meets the boundary between
East and West Prussia to its junction
with the boundary between the circles
of Oletsko and Augersburg, thence
aiong the. northern boundary, of . Ole
tsvo taits junction, with the present
frontier and the second in the area
comprising the circles of Stuhm .and
Rosenburg and the parts of the. cir
cles of Mariehburg -and Marienwer
der, east of the Vistula. .
In each case German trooops and
authorities will move, out within 15
days of the peace and the territories
be placed under a commission of. five
members appointed by the five allied
and associated powers, with the par
ticular duty of arranging for a free,
fair and secret vote. The commis
sion will report the results of the
plebiscites to the five powers with a
recommendation for the boundary . and
will. terminate its work as soon as the
boundary has been laid down and the
new authorities set up.
Prussia to. Us e Vistula
The five allied and associated pow
ers will draw up regulations assuring
East Prussia full and equitable 1 ac
cess to and use of the Vistula. A sub
sequent convention, of " "which the
terms will be fixed by the five allied
and associated powers, shall be en
tered into between- Poland, Germany
and Danzig, to assure suitable trans
port across German territory on the
right bank of the Vistula between
Poland and Danzig, while Poland shall
grant free passage from East Prussia
to Germau
The northeastern corner of ' East
Prussia about Memel is to bo ceded
by Germany to the associated powers,
the;former agreeing to accept the set
tlement made, especially as regards
the nationality of the inhabitants.-
Danzig "Free City"
' DANZIG Danzig and - the district
immediately about it is to be consti
tuted into the "free city of Danzig"
under the guarantee of the league of
nations. A high commissioner ap
pointed' by the league and president at
Danzig shall draw up a constitution in
agreement with the duly appointed
representatives of the city and shall
deal -in the first instance with all .dif
ferences arising between the city and
Poland. The actual boundaries of the
city shall be delimited by a commis
sion . appointed within six months
from the peace and to include three
representatives chosen by the' allied
and associated powers and. one each
by Germany and Poland. ;
A convention, the terms, of which
shall be fixed by the five allied, and
associated powers shall be concluded
between Poland and Danzig which
shall include Danzig within the Polish
customs frontiers, through a free area
in the port;, insure to Poland the free
use of all the city's waterways, docks
and other port facilities, the control
and administration of the Vistula ana
the whole through railway systems
within the city and postal, telegraphic
communications between Poland and
Danzig, provide against discrimina
tion against Poles within the city ana
place its foreign relations and the
diplomatic protection of its citizens
abroad fn charge of Poland.
DENMARK: The frontier between
Germany and Denmark will be fixed
by the self-determination of the popu
lation. Ten dayB from the peace,
German troops and authorities shall
evacuate the region north of the lino
running from the mouth of the Schlei,
south of Kappel, Schleswig and Fried
richstadt along the Eiber to the North
Sea, south of Tonning; the workmen's
and soldiers.' council shall be dis
solved, and the territory administered
by an international commission of
five, of whom Norway and Sweden
shall be invited to name two.
The commission shall insure a free
and secret vote in three zones. That
between the German-Danish frontier
and a line running south of the island
of Alsen north J?f Flfnsburtf ana
south of Tondern to the North Sea,
north of the island of Sylt, will vote
as a unit within thre weeks after the
.evacuation. Within five weeks after
this vote the second zone, whose
southern" boundary runs from the
North Sea south of the island of Fehr
to the Baltic south of Sygum, will
vote by communes. Two weeks after
that x vote the third zone running to
the limit of evacuation also will vote
by coihmunea. The international com
mission will then draw a new frontier
on the basis of these plebiscites and
with due regard for geographical and
economic conditions. Germany will
renounce all sovereignty over terri
tories north of this line in favor of the
associated governments who will hand
them over to Denmark.
HELIGOLAND: Ths fortifi
cations, military establishments
and harbors of the islands of Heli
goland and Dune are to be de
stroyed under the supervision of
the allies by German labor and at
Germany's expense. They may'
not be reconstructed or any simi
lar fortifications built in the fu
ture. RUSSIA: Germany agrees to re
spect as permanent and inalienable
the independency of all territories
which were part of the former Rus
sian empire, to accept the abrogation
of the Prest-Litovsk and other treaties
entered into with the Maximilist gov
ernment of Russia, to recognize the
full force "of all treaties entered into
by the allied and associated powers -with
states which were a part of the
former Russian enipifO, and to rec
ognize the frontiers as determined
thereon. The allied and associated
powers formally reserve the right of
Russia to obtain restitution and rep
(Continued on Pase Three) THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW,' THURSDAY, MAY 8, I9H
THREE
Y
IY
1
I
IV
11
n
AMY
warm
1
(Continued from Page Two)
aration of the principles of the pres
ent treaty. ,
Renounce All Colonial Rights
GERMAN RIGHTS OUTSIDE OP
EUROPE: Outside Europe, Germany
, renounces all rights, titles and privi
leges as to her own or her allies' ter
ritories to all the allied and associ
ated powers, and undertakes to ac
'cept whatever measures are taken hy
Jtbe five -allied; powers in relation
thereto.
COLONIES AND OVERSEAS POS
SESSIONS: Germany renounces in
-favor of the allied and associated
'powers her overseas possessions with
'all rights and titles therein. All
movable and immovable property be
longing to the German empire or to
any German state shall pass to the
government exercising authority
therein. These governments may
make whatever provisions seem suit
able for the reparation of German na
tionals and as to the conditions on
which German subjects 'of European
origin shall reside, hold property, or
carry on business. Germany under-
takes to pay reparation for damages
suffered by French nationals in the
Cameroons or its frontier zone through
the acts of German civil or military
'authorities and of authorities of indi
vidual Germans first January 1900 to
first August, 1914. Germany renounces
all rights under the convention of the
c 4th of November, 1911, and 29th Sep
tember, 1912, and undertakes to pay
to prance in accordance with an esti
mate presented and approved by the
.repatriation commission all deposits,
credits, advances, etc., thereby se
cured. Germany . undertakes to ac
cept and observe . any provisions by
the allied and associated powers as
to the trade in arms and spirits in
Africa as well as to the general act
. of Berlin of 18S5 and the e-eneral act
of Brussels of 1890 . Diplomatic pro
tection to inhabitants of former Ger
man colonies is to be given by the
governments exercising authority.
Loses Boxer Rights in China
CHINA: Germany renounces in
favor of China all privileges and in
demnities resulting from the Boxer
protocol of, 1901 and all buildings,
wharvea. barracks, fnrta. mnnitinna r
U'flrHhina U'iralASa nlonfa on1 nthaF
public property except diplomatic or
consular establishments In the Ger
man concessions of Tientsin and
Hangkow and in other "Chinese terri
tory except Kiao-Chow and agrees to
return to China at her own expense
all the astronomical instruments
seized in 1900 and 1901. China will,
however, take no measures for dis
posal of German property in the le
agtion quarter at Peking without the
consent of the powers signatory to the
Boxer protocol. "Germany accepts the
abrogation of the concessions at Hang
kow and Tientsin, China agreeing to
open them to international' usage.
Germany renounces all claims against
China or any allied and associated
government for the internment or
repatriation of present conditions in
China and for the seizure or liaui-
dation or German interests there since
August 14, 1917. She renounces in
favor of Great Britain her state prop
erty In the British concession at Can
ton and of France and China jointly
of the property of the German school
in the French concession at Shanghai.
SIAM: Germany recognizes that all
agreements between herself and Siam
Including the right of extra-territorial-ity
ceased July 22, 1917. "All German
public property except consular and
diplomatic premises passes without
compensation to Siam, German pri
vate property to be dealt with in ac
cordance with the economic clauses.
Germany waives all claims against
Siam for the seizure and condemna
, tion pf her ships, liquidation . of her
property, or internment . of her na
tionals. LIBERIA: Germany renounces all
rights under the international arrange
ments of 1911 and 1912 regarding Li
beria, more particularly the right to
nominate a receiver of the customs
and renounces any further negotia
tions for the rehabilitation of Liberia.
She regards as abrogated all
cial treaties and agreements between
herself and Liberia and rernenizoa
Liberia's right to determine the status
. and condition of the re-establishment
of Germans in Liberia.
Sell Hun Goods In Morrocco
all her rights, titles and privileges
under the act of Algeciras . and the
Franco-German agreements .of ' 1909
and 1911 and under all treaties and
arrangements with the Sherefian phi.
pire. She ! undertakes not to inter
: vene In any negotiations as to Mo
rocco, between France and . other
powers, accept all the consequences
of the French Drotectorate and re-
. nounces the capitulations. The Sher
eflan government shall have complete
liberty of action in regard to German
nationals and all , German-protected
persons shall be subject to the com
mon law. All movable and immovable
German property, including mining
rights may be sold at public auction,
the proceeds to be paid to the Shere
fian government and deducted from
the reparation account. Germany is
also required to relinquish her inter
ests In the state bank of Morocco. AH
moroccan goods entering Germany
shall have the same privilege as
French goods.
Britain Sole Boss of Egypt
EGYPT Germany recognizes the
British protectorate over Egypt de
clared on December 18, 1914, and re
nounces as from August 4, 1914, the
capitulation and all the treaties,
agreements, etc., concluded by her
with Egypt. She undertakes not to
Intervene in any negotiations about
Egypt between Great Britain and
other powers. There are provisions
for jurisdiction over German nation
als and property, and for German
consent to any changes which may
be made in relation to the commission
of public debt. t.
Germany consents to the transfer to
Great Britain cf the powers given to
the late Sultan of Turkey for seem
ing the free navigation of the Suez
iranal. Arrangements for property be
longing to German nationals in Egypt
are made similar to thoso in ilia caso
of Morocco and other countries.
Anglo-Egyptian goods entering Ger
many shall enjoy the same treatment
as British goods.
TURKEY AND BULGARIA
Germany accepts all arrange
ments which the allied and asso
ciated powers make with Turkey
and Bulgar'a with reference to
any right, privileges, or interests
claimed in those countries by
Germany or her nationals an'd not
dealt with elsewhere.
China Rights Ceded to Japan
SHANTUNG Germany cedes to
Japan all rights, titles and privileges,
notably as to Kiao-Chow, and the l ail
roads, mines and cables acquired by
her treaty with China of March 6,
1897, and other agreements as to
Shantung. AH German rights to the
railroad from Tsing Tao to Tsinaufu,
including all facilities and miniiK
rights and rights of exploitation, pass
equally to Japan, and the cables from
Tsing Tao to "Shanghai and Chefoo, '
(the cables free of all charges.
All
German state property, movable and
immovable, in Kiao Chow is acquired
by Japan free of all charges.
MILITARY, NAVAL AND AIR In
order to render possible the iri:ia-
tion of a general i mitation cf the ar
maments of all nations, Germany un
dertakes directly to observe the mili
tary, naval and air clauses which fol
low: .
MILITARY FORCES The de
mobilization of the German army
must take place within two
months of the peace. Its strength
may not exceed 100,000, including
officers, with not over seven di
visions of infantry, and three of
cavalry, and to be devoted exclu
sively to maintenance of internal
order and control of frontiers.
Divisions may not be grouped under : October 1 to search for submarine
more than two army corps headquar- , mineg No dirigiDle shall be kept
ters staffs. The German general staff , The entire air persdnnel is to be de
is abolished. The army adminislia-: mobilized within two months,' except
tive service, consisting of civilian ! for one thousand officers and men re
personnel not included in the number ; tained until October. No aviation
of effectives, is reduced to one-tenth grounds or dirigible sheds are to be
the total in the nineteen thirteen bud- allowed within one hundred and fifty
get. Employes of the German states kii0meters of the Rhine or the eastern
such as custom officers, first guards or southern frontiers, existing instal
and coast guards, must not exceed the iations within these limits to be de
number in 1913. Gendarmes and local 1 stroyed. The manufacture of aircraft
police may be increased only in ac-;and parts of aircraft is forbidden for
coruauce wnu uie growin 01 yopuia-
tion. None of these may be assem
bled for. military training.
Must Close Munition Plants
ARMAMENTS All establishments
for the manufacturing, preparation,
storage or design of arms and muni-.
tions of war, except those specifically j
excepted, must be closed within, three ;
months, of the peace and their per
sonnel dismissed. ,The exact amount
of armament and munitions allowed
Germany is laid down in detail, all in !
excess to be surrendered or rendered
useless. The mannfacturje or impor
tation of asphyxiating, poisonous or
Kther gases and all analogous liquids
tion of arms, munitions and war mate- j
rials. Germany may not manufacture :
such materials for foreign govern
ments. Conscription Abolished
CONSCRIPTION Conscription
is
.ui:i a 1 -i .. rri1 , . , ,
abolished in Germany. The enlisted .
i.Tn7r In TcVro 7 V V Palliation being conditional on the im-
22 Jn t 'or terms 0f mediate release of aUied subjects
" lv cuWeh y"rs, the num- till ,n Germany. Germany is to ac-
Mnn of SY T cord facilities to commissions of in-
" oVh s . In, !DJr,ye ;uiry I collecting information in re-
i n J C f Jhe tta,1 effeCt- gard to missing prisoners of war and
ves. Officers remaining m the seiv-,of imp0sing penalties on German of
ioe must agree to serve a agj of ficials who have concealed allied na
45 years and newly appoints ofii-; tionals. Germany is to restore all
cers must ab-re3 to serve actively forproperty belonging to allied prisoners.
ears. There is to be a reciprocal exchange
no military scnooois excent
those absolutely indispensable for
the units allowed shall exist in
Germany two months after the
peace. No associations, such as
societies of discharged sold'e's,
shooting or touring clubs, educa
tional establishments or univcts
ties may occupy themselves with
military matters. All measui-es of
mobilization are forbidden.
forFt?JRESSHEfS-All fortified works.
fortresses and field works situated in
German territory vithin 3 zone Ktf
,s. ,tl..Z ne Mk
niflmflnrmn within thrA. m-t-mTH- Vi !
construction of any new fortifications r
there is forbidden. The fortiiied
works on the southern and eastern
frontiers, however, mav remain. ;
CONTROL Inter-allied commis-l
nlnnn B , Ml . t
t" "V., , S me, exe-!
iu I , "u,0,uus .lur wuic" Holland and a special tribunal set
time limit i3 set. the maximum nunedjup, composed of one judge from each
, K?.gu th.re monthB- T,ey may, es- 0f the five great powers, with full
tablish headquarters at the German ! guarantee of the right of defense, is
seat of government and go to any , t0 De guided by the highest motives
part of Germany desired. Germany , ot international policy with a view of
must give tnem complete faciliti m, vindicating the solemn .obligations of
pay their expense a:ii r.ito -lie international undertakings and the
VC..BCS .i ee.Win 01 '.ne tre;uy,
cluding the labor p.nd material neces
sary in demobiliza'iori, destruction t r
surrender of war equipment.
No More U-Boats
NAVALi The German navy must be
ucmuu"1eu wumn a penoa or two customs of war are to be tried and
months arter the peace. She will be punished by military tribunals under
allowed six small battleships, six ' military law. If the charges affect
light cruisers, twelve destroyers, nationals of only one state they will
twelve torpedo boats and no subma- be tried before a tribunal of that
rines. either military or cornmerrial. , state; if they affect nationals of sev
with a personnel of fifteen thousand eral states, they will be tried before
men, including officers and no reserve joint tribunals of the states concerned,
force of any character. Conscription Germany shall hand over to the as
is abolished, only voluntary service te- sociated governments either Jointly
ing permitted, with a minimum period ' tr severally all persons so accused
of 25 years' service for officers and 12 and all documents and information
for men. German mercantil'3 m-irine nprpwarr tn naur full Vimu-ioHuo rr
A K : t I 1 . r . .
will not be permitted any naval train
ing. : i
All German , vessels of war in for
eign ports, and the Gem-ui high pea
fleet interned at 'Scapd Flow, wiil be
surrendered, the final disposition cf
these ships to be decided upon ty the
allied and - associated 4iowrft. Ger
many must surrender 42 modern de-
stroyers, 50 modern torpedo boat.;, and
all submarines, with their salvage
vessels. All war vessels under con
struction, including submarines, must
be broken up. War vessels not other
wise provided for are to be placed in
reserve or used for commercial pur
poses. Replacement of ships except
those lost can take place only at the
end of twenty-five years for battle
ships and fifteen years for destroyers.
The largest armored ship Germany
will be permitted will be ten thousand
tons.
Must Clean Up North Sea
Germany is required to sweep the
mines in the North sea and the Bal
tic sea as decided upon by the allies.
All German fortifications in the Bal
tic defending the passages through
the belts, must be demolished. Other
coast defenses are permitted, but the
number and caliber of the guns must
not be increased.
During a period of three months
after the peace German high pow
er wireless stations at Nauen,
Hanover and Berlin will not ' be
permitted to send any messages
except for commercial purposes,
and under supervision of the al
lied and associated governments,
nor may any more be constructed.
Uermany will be allowed to repair
German submarine cables, which have
i been cut, but are not being utilized
by the allied powers, and also por-
tions of cables which after having
been cut have been removed, or at
any rate not being utilized by any
one of the allied " and associated
powers. In such cases, the cables or
proportions of. cables 'removed or
utilized remain the property of allied
and associated powers and accord
ingly fourteen cables or parts of
cables are specified, which will not
be restored to Germany.
N9 Airplanes Allowed
AIR: The armed forces of Germany
(must not include any military or naval
air forces except for not over 100 un
flrmftH R9 ..lanfa tn .ho rotainor. till
six months. All military and naval
aeronautical material under a most
exhaustive definition must be surren
dered within three months, except for
the hundred seaplanes already speci-
tied
( Hold Hostages for Kaiser
PRISONERS OF WAR: The re
patriation of German prisoners and in
terned civilians is to be carried out
without delay and at Germany's ex-
ff by commission composed o
repersentatives of the allies and Ger
many. Those under sentence for of-
i "f'" ue re-
' fiU!!!S.t0 th6
' Until Germany has surrendered
parsons guilty of offenses against
the laws and customs of war; the
allies have the right to retain
selected German officers.
The allies may deal at their own
vji .iv-1 v. l 1 wii nun uci 111a.11 uauuiiaia i
Hrt nnt ,,ocj0 K ..jo
discretion with German nationals who
re-
f o a,.a :
and their graves.
GRAVES: Both parties will respect
and maintain the graves of soldiers
and sailors buried on their territory,
agree to recognize and assist any com
mission charged by any allied or as
sociated government with identifying,
removing, maintaining or erecting
j suitable monuments over the graves,
'ties for the repatriation of the r
mains of tEeir soidiers. .
j - RESPONSIBILITIES: "The al-
Med and associated powers pub-
... "
licly arraign William II of Hohen
zollern, formerly GSrman emperor,
not for an offense against crim
inal law, but for a supreme offense
against international morality and
the sanctity of treaties.
His surrender is to be requested of
in-,validity of international morality, and
will fix the pusishnient it feels should
be imposed.
Trial for Hun Officers
Persons accused of having commit
ted acts in violation of the laws and
the incriminating acts, the discovery
of the offenders, and the just appreci
ation of the responsibility.
REPARATION: The allied and
associated governments affirm,
and Germany accepts on behalf of
herself and her allies, the respon
sibility for causing all the' loss and
damage to which the allied and
associated governments and their'
nationals have been subjected as
a consequence of the war imposed
upon them by the aggression of
Germany and her allies.
The total obligation of Germany to
pay, as defined in the category of
damages, is to be determined and
notified to her after a fair hearing
and not later than May l, 1921, by an
inter-allied reparation commission.
At the san time a schedule of pay
ments to discharge the obligation
within thirty years shall be presented.
These payments are subject to post-(
ponement in certain contingencies.
Germany irrevocably recognizes the
full authority of this commission,
agrees to supply it with all the neces
sary f information and to pass legisla
tion to effectuate fts 'findings. She
further agrees to restore to the allies
cash and certain articles which can
be identified.
As an immediate step toward restor
ation, Germany shall pay within two
years twenty billion marks in either
gold, goods, ships, or other specific
forms of payment-. w;ith the under
standing that certain -expenses such
as those of the allied armies of occu
pation and payments for food and raw
materials may be deducted at the dls-
! ere lion of the allies.
While the allied and associated
! governments recognize that the re
! sources of Germany are not adequate
i lifter taking into account permanent
I diminution of such resources which
will result from other treaty claims,
j to niaek complete reparation for all
such loss and damage they require her
to make complete reparation for ail
ages to civilians under seven main
categories:
(A) Damages by personal injury
to civilians caused by acts of war,
directly or indirectly;
(B) Damages caused to civil
ians by acts of cruelty ordered
by the enemy, and to civilians In
the occupied territory;
(C) Damage caused by mal
treatment of prisoners;
(D) Damages ; to the allied
peoples presented in pensions and
separation allowances, capitalized
at the signature of .this treaty;
(E Damages to property other
than naval or mititary materials; "
. (F) 'Damages ,to, civilians by
being forced to labor;
iG) Damages In' the form of
levies of fines imposed by the.
enemy.-
In periodically estimating estimat
ing Germany's capacity to pay, the
! reparation commission shall examine
! the German system of taxation, first
' to the end that the sums for repara
tion which Germany is required to
. pay shall become a charge upon all
J her revenues, prior to that for the
1 service or discharge .of any domestic
J loan, and secondly, so as to satisfy
I itself that in general, the German
1 scheme of taxation Is fully as heavy
; proportionately ,as that of. any of the
powers represented on the commis-
, sion.
The measures which the allied and
associated powers shall have the right
to take in case of voluntary default by
' Germany, and which Germany agrees
not to regard as acts of war, may in
clude economic and financial prohibi
thions and reprisals and in general
such other measures as the respective
governments may determine to be
necessary in the circumstances.
Japan Not on Reparation Body
The commission shall consist of one
representative each of the United
; States, Great Britain, France, Italy
and Belgium, and in certain cases ot
Japan and Servia, with all other al
lied powers entitled, wnen their claims
are under consideration, to the right
of presentation without voting power.
, It shall permit Germany to give evi
dence regarding her capacity to pay
and shall assure her a just opportun
i ity to be heard. It shall hold its' ses
j sions at Paris; establish its own pro
I cedure and personnel; have general
1 control of the whole reparation prob
lems; and become, the exclusive
agency of the allies for receiving,
holding, selling and distributing rep
aration payments. Majority vote shall
prevail except that unanimity is re
quired on questions involving the sov
ereignty of any of the allies, the can
cellation r.f all or part of Germany's
obligations, the time and manner of
selling, distributing and negotiating
bonds issued by Germany, and post
ponement between 1921 and 1926 of
annual payments beyond 1930 and any
postponement after 1926 for a perma
cf more than three years, the appli
cation of u different method of meas
uring damage than in a similar former
case, and the interpretation of pro
1 visions. Withdrawal from represen
j tUicn is permitted ori twelve months
. itiee.
Demand Bonis as Cuaiantee
The commission may require Ger-
Treaty's
Only Joke
The most portentious document
in the history of the human race
was not permitted to pass without
its little joke. It is not a matter
of record which of the world's five
great leaders constituting the Su
preme Allied Council is the hu
morist who inserted in the digni
fied text of the world peace treaty
the following solemn words:
"Germany is to restore -within
six months the Koran of the Caliph
Othman, formerly at Medina, to the
King of the Hedjaz, and the skull
of the Sultan Okwawa, formerly of
East Africa, to H's Brittanic Ma
jesty's' government."
Apparently the allies didn't over
look anything in making the Hun
give back his ill-gotten spoils.
many to give from time to time, by
way of guaranty, issues of bonds or
other obligaticiib to cover such claims
as are not otherwise satisfied. In
this connection and on account of the
total amount of claims, bond issues
are presently to be required of Ger
many in acknowledgement of its debt
as follows:
Twenty billion marks.gold, pay
able not later than May 1, 1921,
without interest; forty billion
marks gold bearing two and one
half per cent interest between
1921 and 1925 and thereafter five
pifr cent, with a one per cent sink
ing fund payment beginning In
1926 and an undertaking to de
liver forty billion marks gold
bonds bearing interest at five per
cent, under terms to be fixed by
the commission.
Interest on Germany's debt will be
five per cent unless otherwise de
termined by. the commission in the fu
ture, and payments that are not made
in gold may "be accepted by the com
mission in the form of properties,
commodities, business, concessions,
etc." Certificates of beneficial inter
est, representing either bonds or good
delivered by Germany may be issued
by the commission to the interstate
power, no power being entitled, how
ever, to have its certificates delivered
in more than five pieces. As bond3
are distributed and pass from the con
trol of -the commission, an amount
of Germany's debt equivalent to their
par value is to be considered as, liqui
dated. To Cede Merchant Ships
SHIPPING: The German govern
ment recognizes the right of the al
lies to the replacement, ton for ton,
and class for cass, of all merchant
ships and fishing boats lost or dam
aged, owing to the war, and agrees
to cede all German merchant ships
of sixteen hundred tons gross and up
wards; one half of her ships between
sixteen hundred and one thousand
tons gross and one-quarter of her
steam trawlers and other fishing
boats. These ships are to be deliver
ed within two months to the repara
tion committee, together with docu
ments of title evidencing the transfer
of the ships free from encumbrances.
"As an additional part of repara
tion,' 'the government further agrees
to build merchant ships for the ac
count of the allies to the amount of
not exceeding two. hundred thousand
gross annually during the next five
years. ' All ships used for inland nav
igation taken by Germany from the
allies are to be restored within two
months, the amount of loss not cov
ered by such restitution to be made
up by the cession of the German
river fleet up to 20 per cent thereor.
Must Deliver Goods to Allies
In order to effect payment by deliv
eries in kind, Germany is required,
for a limited number of years, varying
in the case of r each, to deliver coal,
coal tar products, dyestuffs and chem
ical drugs in specific amounts to the
reparations commission. The commis
sion may so modify the conditions of
delivery as not to interfere unduly
with Germany's industrial require
ments. The deliveries of coal are
based largely upon the principle of
making good dimunitions in the pro
duction of the allied countries result
ing from the war.
DEVASTATED AREAS Germany
undertakes to devote her economic
resources directly to the physical res
toration of the invaded areas. The
reparation commission is authorized
to require Germany to replace the de
stroyed articles by the delivery of ani
mals, machinery, etc., existing in Ger
many, and to manufacture articles" re
quired for reconstruction purposes;
all with due consideration for Ger
man's essential domestic require
ments. "Germany further binds herself to
repay all sums borrowed by Belgium
from her allies as a result of Ger
many's violation of the treaty of 1S39
up to November 11, 1918, and for this
purpose will issue at once and hand
over to the reparation commission 5
per cent gold bonds falling due in 1926.
"GOAL, ETC. Germany is to de
liver annui ly or ten years to France
coal equivalent to the difference be
tween annual pre-war output of Nord
and Pas de Calais mines and annual
production during above ten-year pe
riod. Germany further gives options
over ten years for odelivery of seven
million tons coal per year to France
in addition to the above of eight mil
lion tons to Belgium and of an amount
rising from ; four and a ialf million
tons in 1919 to 1920, to eight and a
half million tons in 1923 to 1924 to
Italy , at prices to be fixed as pre
scribed in the treaty. Coke may be
taken m place of coal In ratio of three
tons to four. Provision is also made
for delivery to France over three
yeais of benzol, coal tar and of am
monia. The commission has powers
to postpone or annul the above deliv
eries should they, interfere unduly
with the industrial requirements of
Germany.
"DYESTUFFS AND CHEMICAL
DRUGS Germany accords option to
the commission on dyestuffs and
chemical drugs, including quinine up
to 50 per cent of total stock in Ger
many at the time the treaty comes
into force and similar option during
each six months to end of 1924 up to
25 per cent of previous six months'
output.
"CABLES Germany renounces all
title to specified cables, value of such
as were privately owned being credit
ed to her against reparation indebt
edness. "As . reparation for the destruction
of the library of Louvain, Germany is
to hand over manuscripts, early print
ed books, prints, etc., to the equiva
lent of those destroyed.
"In addition to the above Germany
is to- hand over to Belgium wings now
at Berlin belonging to the altar piece
of the adoration of the lamb by Hu
bert and Jan Van Ecyk, the center of
which is now in the Church of Saint
Davo at Ghent and the wings now aU
Berlin and Munich of the altor piece
of The Last Supper by Dirck Bouts,
the center of which belongs to the
church of t. Peter at Louvain."
Must Give Up Sultan's Skull
Germany is to restore within six
months the Koran of the Caliph Oth
man, formerly at Medina, to the king
of the Hedjaz, and the skull of the
Sultan Okwawa, formerly of East
Africa, to his Britannic majecty's gov
ernment. The German government is
also to restore to the French govern
ment certain papers taken by the Ger
man authorities in 1S70 belonging
then to M. Reuhner, and to restore
the French flags taken during the war
of 1870 and 1871.
FINANCE: Powers to which Ger
man territory is ceded will assume a
certain portion of the German pre-war
debt, the amount to be fixed by the
reparations commission on the basis
of the ratio between the revenus of
the ceded territory and Germany's to
tal revenues for the three years pre
ceding the war. In view, however, of
the special circumstances under which
AlBace-Lorraine was separated from
France in 1871, when Germany re
fused to accept any part of the French
public debt, France will not assume
any part of Germany's pre-war debts,
nor will Poland share in certain Ger
man debts Incurred for the oppression
of Poland. If the value of the Ger
man public property in ceded terri
tory exceeds the amount of debt as
sumed, the states to which the prop
erty is ceded will give credit on re
paration for the excess, with the ex
ception of Alsace-Lorraine. Mandatory
powers will not assume any German
debts or give any credit for German
government property. Germany re
nounces all right of representation on,
or control of, state banks, commis
sions, or other similar international
financial and economic organizations.
Huns Pay for Occupation
Germany is required to pay the total
cost of the armies of occupation from
the date of the armistice as long as
they are maintained In. German terri
tory, this cost to be the first charge
on her resources. The cost of repara
tion is the next charge, after making
such provisions for payments for im
ports as the allies may deem neces
sary. .
Germany is to deliver to the al
lied and associated powers all
sums deposited in Germany by
Turkey and Austria-Hungary in
connection with the financial sup
port extended by her to them dur
ing the war, and to transfer to tne
allies all claims against Austria
Hungary, Bulgaria or Turkey in
connection with agreements dur
ing the war, Germany confirm
the renunciation of the treaties of t
Bucharest and Brest-Litovsk.
, On the request of the reparations
commission, Germany will expropriate
any right, rights or interests of her
nationals in public utilities in ceded
territories or those administered by
mandatories, and in Turkey, China,
j Russia, Austria-Hungary and Bul
garia, ana transier tneiu 10 me repara
tions commission, which will credit
her with their value.
Germany guarantees to repay to
Brazil the fund arising from the sale
of Sao Paulo coffee which she refused
to allow Brazil to withdraw from Ger
many. ECONOMIC CLAUSES: Customs,
for a period of six months Germany
shall impose no tariff duties higher
than the lowest in force in 1914, ana
for certain agricultural products,
wines, vegetable oils, artificial silk
and washed or scoured wool this re
striction obtains for two and a half
years or for five years unless further
extended by the league or nations.
Germany must give most favored na
tion treatment to the allied and as
sociated powers. She shall impose
no customs tariff for live years on
goods originating in Alsace-Lorraine
and for three years on goods originat
ing in former German territory ceded
to Poland with the right of observa
tion of a similar exception for Luxem
burg. SHIPPING: Ships of the allied and
associated powers shall for five years
and thereafter under condition of
reciprocity, unless the league of na
tions otherwise decides, enjoy , the
same rights in German ports as Ger
man vessels and have most favored
nation treatment in fishing, coasting
trade and towage even interior water
ways. Ships of a country : having
no seacoast may be registered at
some one place within its territory.
UNFAIR COMPETITION: Ger
many undertakes to give the trade of
the allied and associated powers ade
quate safeguards against unfair com
petition and in particular to suppress
the use of false wrapping and mark
ings and on condition of reciprocity
to respect the laws and judicial de
cisions of allied and associated states,
in respect of regional appellations of
wines and spirits.
' Protect Allied Citizens in Germany
TREATMENT OF NATIONALS:
Germany shall impose no exceptional
taxes or restriction upon the nation
als of the allied and associated .states
for a period of five years. German
nationality shall not continue to at
tach to a person who has become a
national of an allied or associated
state.
MULTILATERAL CONVENTIONS:
Some 40 multilateral conventions are
renewed between Germany and the al
lied and associated powers, but special
conditions are attached to Germany's
readmission to several postal and tele
graph conventions. Germany must not
refuse to make reciprocal agreements
with the new states. She must agree
as respects the radio telegraphic con
vention to provisional use to be com
municated to. her and adheres to the
new convention when formulated. In
the North sea fisheries and North
sea liquor traffic convention, rights or
inspection and police over associated
fishing boats shall be exercised 'for
at least five years only by vessels
of these powers. As to the interna
tional railway union she shall adhere
to the new convention when formu
lated. CHINA: As to the Chinese cus
toms tariff arrangement ,the arrange
ment of 190ja regarding Wbangpoo
and the Boxer indemnity of 1901;
France, Portugal and Roumania. as to
the Hague convention of 1903 relating
to civil procedure; and Great Britain
and the United States, as to article
three of the Samoan treaty of 1899,
are relieved of all obligation toward
Germany.
BILATERAL TREATIES: .Each al
lied and associated state may renew
any treaty with Germany insofar as
consistent with the peace treaty by
giving notice within six months.
Treaties entered into by Germany
since August 1, 1914, with other enemy
Btates and before or since that date
with Roumania, Russia, and other gov
ernments, are abrogated and any con
cessions granted under pressure by
Russia to German subjects annulled.
The allied and associated states are
to enjoy most favored nation treat
ment under treaties entered into by
Germany and other enemy states be
fore August 1, 1914. and under treaties
entered into by Germany and neutral
states during the war.
PRE-WAR DEBTS: A system of
clearing houses 1b to be created with
in three months, one in Germany and
I Is in each allied and associated
atates, wnicn aaopts tne pian lor tne
payment of pre-war debts including
those arising from contracts suspend
ed by the war for the adjustment 01
the proceeds of the liquidation of en
my property and the settlement of
ther obligations Bach participat
ing state assumea responsibility for
the payment of all debts Owing by Its
nationals to nationals of the enemy
6tates except in cases of pre-war in
solvency of the debtor. The proceeds
of the sale of private enemy property
in each participating str.te may be
used to pay the de'bts owed to the na
tionals of that state, direct payment
from debtor to creditor and all com
munications relating thereto being
prohibited. Disputes may be settled
b ycourts of the debtor country or by
the mixed arbitration tribunal. Any
ally or associated power may, how
ever, decline to participate in this
system by giving Germany six months'
notice.
Must Restore Private Property
ENEMY PROPERTY: Germany
shall restore or pay for all private
enemy property seized or damaged by
her, the amount of damages to be fixed
by the mixed arbitral tribunal. The
allied and associated states may liqui
date German private property within
their territories as compensation for
property of their nationals not re
stored or paid for by Germany for
debts owed to their nationals by Ger
man nationals and for other claims
against Germany. Germany is to com
pensate its nationals for such losses
and to deliver within 6ix months all
documents relating to property held
by its nationals in allied and associ
ated states. All war legislation as to
enemy property rights is confirmed
and all claims by Germany against
the allied or associated governments
for acts under exceptional war mea
sures abandoned.
CONTRACTS: Pre-war contracts
between allied and associated nation
als excepting the United States,
Japan and Brazil and German nation
als are cancelled except for debts for
accounts already, performed, agree
ments, for. the transfer of property
where the property had already passed
leases ot land and houses, contracts
or mortgages, pledge or lien, mining
concessions, contracts with govern
ments and insurance contracts. -
Mixed arbitration tribunals, to con
sist of three members, one cbosen'-.by
Germany, one by the associated states
and the third by agreement, or fail
ing which by the president of Switzer
land, shall have Jurisdiction over all
disputes as to contracts concluded be
fore the present peace treaty.
Fire insurance contracts are not
considered dissolved by the war even
if premiums have not been paid, but
lapse at the date of the first annual
premium falling due1, three 'months
after the peace. Lite insurance con
tracts may be restored by payments of
accumulated premiums with interests,
sums falling due on such contracts
during the war to be recoverable with
interest.
Marine Contracts Dissolved
Marine insurance contracts are dis
solved by the outbreak of war, except
where the risk insured againBt had
already been incurred. Where the risk
had not attached, premiums paid are
recoverable, otherwise premiums due
on losses are recoverable. Reinsur
ance treaties are abrogated unless In
vasion, has made It Impossible for the
reinsured to ; find , another reinsurer.
Any allied or associated power, how
ever, may cancel all the contracts' run
ning between its nationals' and a Ger
man life insurance company the latter
being obligated to hand over the pro
portion of its asBets attributable to
such policies.
INDUSTRIAL PROPERTIES
RIGHT: Rights as to industrial,
literary and artistic property are re
established, the special war measures
ot the allied and associated powers are
ratified and the right reserved . to
impose conditions on the use of Ger
man patents' and copyrights, when in
the public interest. Except as be
tween the United States and Germany,
pre-war licenses and rights to use
for infringements committed during
the war are cancelled.
OPIUM: The contracting parties
agree, whether or not they have signed
and ratified the opium convention of
January 23, 1912, or signed the special
protocol opened at the Hague in ac
cordance with resolutions adopted by
the third opium conference in 1914, to
bring the said convention Into force
by enacting within 12 months of the
peace the necessary legislation.
RELIGIOUS MISSIONS: The al
lied and associated powers agree that
the properties of religious missions
in territories belonging or ceded to
them shall continue in their work un
der the control of the powers, Ger
many renouncing all claims in their
behalf.
German Air Free to Allies
AERIAL NAVIGATION: Aircraft
of the allied and associated powers
shall have run liberty of passage and
landing over and In German terrl
(Continued on Ptige Five) FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, ' THURSDAY, MAY 8, 1919
Published Every Day Exceot Mond.iv. by the State Consolidated Publishing
, . , r" Company
, l- ;T$l
. (' : 'MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
lhe Associated Press Is exclusively entitled to Uie use for re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to this paper,
and also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-pubJication of special dispatches herein are also reserved-
Entered as Second Class Mall Matter at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per month
Six months
Twelve months .'. ,
Sunday (our weekly) per year..
$ .80
4.00
7.50
2.50
Statements to our subscribers are rendered on or about the first of every
month. If you receive your paper through a City Carrier, he will bring youi
statement to your door for collection. Those desiring subscriptions for more
than one month may secure them by advising the Review office.
Warren District Representation
The Warren District has never asked large favors from the county
of Cochise. It has .not -demanded in Vne past representation in any
undertaking cut of proportion to its; size or importance. It does not
seek anything, either in patronage or assistance, which is not its just
due and right. ,
In asking for adequate and fair representation on" the new county
highway commission, the Warren District is not requesting of the-board
of supervisors anything to which the district is not entitled. If any
district in the county shall have two members of the board, residents
of the Warren District believe they should receive those appointments.
In the past the Warren District has done all the giving and little of the
receiving.
The most recent example of the Warren District's giving to high
ways of the county and state, is found in the paving now being prepared
in the city of Bisbee. This paving is largely of a link in the Borderland
rcute, running through Bisbee for a distance of approximately three
miles. ,The city of Bisbee, through the votes of the residents of th
Warren District, is paving this stretch, despite the fact that the state
law provides this expense could have been assessed against the county,
as follows:
"Where any statehighway runs through any city or town, the state
highway engineer and the board of supervisors of such county in which
such cities are located, may under the direction of the city commis
sioners, town council, or board of aldermen, of any incorporated city or
town, pave said highway running through the city or town in the same
manner as state highways are paved and constructed outside of the
cities and towns."
The spirit which prompts the citizens' of this district to pave the
link in the Borderland, prompts the citizens of the district to look
favorably on other highway improvements about the county. They will
gladly support these improvements, provided they are given assurances
they will receive representation in proportion to the amount of taxes
they pay, and provided further they are permitted an adequate voice
in deciding what roads shall be constructed in the county. This is all
they ask.
Of a valuation of 190 millions in the county,, the Warren District
has 120 millions. Out of a proposed bond issue of one millions ,the War
ren District will raise about 750 thousands of dollars. And the Warren
District asks but a small amount of the total highway work proposed to
be done with this bond money the highway 'from Forest Ranch to
Gleeson.
Warren District requests and anticipations are not out of proportion
to what the district gives, and the residents of the district will that their
requests and anticipations are respected.
Mr. Hines' Cost Sheet
Some of the statements of Director General Hines relative to the ex
pense of the railroad administration and the attempts of the adminis
ratlon to curtail costs, are hard to reconcile. Especially hard is it to
reconcile his statement of yesterday that:
"The entire railroad organization ' has been and is, working most
earnestly to readjust these costs to meet the present conditions, but the
nature of the railroad business, whether under public or private contral,
is such that to a very large extent it is impossible to offset loss by a
corresponding' reduction in costs."
One' month ago Director General Hines 'announced the addition of
65,000,000 to the payrolls of the railroads bringing their grand total
to more than three billions of dollars. This advance was made to
members of the "Big Four" union. It was their second, or third, or
fourth raise since the war began, and it advanced their average wage
about $090 per man.
These increases were made at the public expense. One small class
of labor benefitted through them, while the remainder of th laboring
element was left to pay the taxes which should help to make up the
railroad deficit and pay the further advances in pay of the railroad
employes.
At the time these advances were announced, Director General Hines
must have known the losses of the administration which he announced
yesterday. He must have been aware that the deficit for the first
three months of his year would be approximately $190,000,000, and that
if the same rate is maintained for the entire year the deficit will reach
nearly one hundred and sixty millions of dollars. During the twelve
months of 191S the aggregate deficit of the roads was two hundred and
twenty-six millions.
I fthe entire "railroad organization has been working most earn
estly to readjust these costs," as the director general stated yesterday,
how can he reconcile his last advance in wages to the members of the
Big Four, who had already received raises which placed them on a
plane above the average workman? The $65,000,000 which he added to
their payroll for the year would have materially reduced the railroad
. deficit for the year. It represents one-third of the loss for the first
three months of this year. It represents more than one-fourth of the
loss for the entire of last year.
It is impossible to reconcile flagrant expenditure with earnest ef
fort to curtail expenses. They do not go together any more thaa Mr.
Burleson and his control of the w fres were concilible.
They serve only to reconcile the public to the inevitable, pending the
return of the railroads to their rightful owners.
Ellen Beach Yaw
The Wjarren district has its own symphonies of color, of mountain
magnitude, of sunrise and sunset and moonlight. The grand opera
of the mountain mockingbird and other wild birds peculiar to this part
of the country are free to the residents of this district. But the Warren,
district does not often have the opportunity to hear the voice of the
trained singer who will rank with Ellen Beach Yaw.
Peculiar to the people of each district in this country, the residents
of the Warren District are more or less ncglectfull of the symphonies in
color and nature which are hers. She cares little for her beauties, some
of which are among the rarest in the southwest. She looks out to the
rainbow's end for that which she possesses not.
For this reason it is hard to explain the lack of interest in many
cf t!:e district's residents in the really good and artistic in music. The
common green onion type of musical comedy can play here to packed
houses. Burlesque and similar attractions call out the populace clamor
ing. But in the past audiences for worthwhile musical attractions have
been rather sparce.
Gcod music is inspiring, educational and entertaining. The voice of
the foremost American singer comes to this district but once in years
save by mechanical device. We should consider it a privilege to hear
each of the infrequent artist visitors here. We should enjoy them bo
cause of their rarity. We should educate ourselves to understand and
interpret them. When we do, the Warren district will have attained a
place unique among western cities and the great artists will consider it a
pleasure and -treat to come here for recitals.
' If it isn't right to give Danzig to the Poles or to let the Hun keep it.
why not give it to the people of Danzig?
The German delegation to Versailles comprises six high personages
witli full authority to eat crow and sign on tho dotted line.
A great man is ouo who is put to bed when he haa a blight cold.
Turn Off the Juice!
f" J"MKTfR. WILSON ! !
W r J' TURK ME- toos
Hi Til T G0X A ASoK )
I A M k. GOOD
i i i .- i i . r i
: i
....!
: . I .'
WIDOWS IN ENGLAND
MARRYING RAPIDLY
j LONDON. May 7. That dry vol
J ume, the annual report of the regis
j trar-general, contains this human in-
i.terest item: There's an increase oi
! 2S per cent In the number of widows
remarrying. This Is supposedly due
to the great number of war brides
whose husbands were killed in war.
WAR GARS IN BRITAIN
BRING HUGE PROFITS
LONDON, May 7. Government
sales of surplus war equipment is
giving fine opportunity for 'profit to
the commercial minded. A Renault
touring car sold by the government
for $1,700 was resold by the pur
chaser in less than 24 hours for
$5,000.
Here and there in Arizona
PHOENIX, May 7. C. A. Beasley of
Washington D. C, a member ot the
BankheaJ Pathfinder commisison,
which passed through ' Phoenix last
week choosing a route for the Ban--1
head highway, was in- this city yester
day on his return to his home from
San Diego, Calif.
Mr. Beasley stated yesterday that it
had not been definitely decided as to
the course of the route but the deci
sion would probably be announced
within the near future. It is thought,
however, that there will be no doubt
but what the new highway will be
routed through Phoenix.
The commission ended their inspec
tion trip at San Diego last week nav
ing traveled over the roads from El
Paso, Texas, through New Mexico and
Arizona to the coast city. They were
in charge of C. A. Rountree, the qi
rector general of the United States
Good Roads association and secretary
of the Bankhead Highway association,
who is a man of national reputation as
a road worker and Booster.
ters of the Roosevelt reservoir.
Charlie Tebbs had many friends
throughout central Arizona. His death
followed an attack of influenza. Burial
i will be in Globe. Surviving relatives
I include a sister, Mrs. Vinson Anderson
,f itir nnl thi.An n ft..!..
v.. iu.o auu vuicc ucj;ucnof vUiU-
tus J. Anderson of Phoenix, Henry
Qulntus Robinson, -superintendent of
the Benson schools, and Peter Thomas
Robinson, a Yuma attorney.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRltvlG RESULTS
Grand.
heater
sac
Coming for One Night Only
Thursday May 8th
8:15 P. M.
airnppjj
YAM
America's Premier Prima Donna Soprano
Her voice reaches at times double high C rThe highest
note reached by any singer in the world Possessing
youth, beauty and a voice so pure and exquisite in its
power and quality that it has won her fame in every
country in the worlcj.
Miss Georgiella Lay
AT THE PIANO
Don't miss the musical treat of the season
Seats Now Selling at Grand Theater
PRICES $1.50, $1.00 and 75c PLUS WAR TAX
MESA STAKE PROSPERS
MESA, May 7. During the confer
ence of Maricopa' stake L. D. S. just
brought to a close, President J. W.
Lesueur made the following eampri
sons :
The membership of the stake is now
3300 as against X600 when the presi
dency was installed. New chapels have
been completed recently in Phoenix,
Gilbert and on the Indian reservation.
A new chapel for Chandler has been
provided for, a new amusement hall
for Alma. New buildings have also
been erected in Pine and Ray.
In general church activity of which
a close and systematic record is kept
in every stake. President Lesueur re
ported that Maricopa stake stood sixth
among the 74 stakes of the church,
and that this is one of the fastest
growing stakes of the' church. He
further reported that the prospects
are good for securing for Mesa the
proposed new temple.
This temple when erected v. ill repre
sent an expenditure of approximately
$200,000. ,
MANY SOLDIERS FIND WORK
PHOENIX, May 7 Three hundred
ex-service men have ween placed In
pusuioiis y uie employment aepart
ment of the War Veterans' association
it was announced by the secretary of
that organiaztion yesterday.
The boys are returning very rapidly
now and the association officers state
that they are-prepared to care for a
number of them, but they wish all
firms who need men, or will need any
.help in the near future, to notify them
i Of the fact and the natrionlars cnn.
cerning the positions so that they will
be able to notifcr them when they
i make application. .
CLOSE TEMPE RED CROSS
TEMPE, May 7 The production
committee of the local Red Cross are
now busy closing up the Red Cross
room for war work. However, other
Red Cross work has been arranged on
the peace basis which is just as im
portant as i the war work which is
now completed. This work will be
composed of the junior Red Cross, sal
vage, home service and first aid. The
Red Cross is now making plans for a
salvage shop which wilt open some
time in the near future.
SEEK PACKING HOUSE SITE
GLENDALE, May 7 Fred Tribolet
and J. C. Hurley of Phoenix, were in
Glendale today looking over the town
with the idea of selecting a location
for a packing plant. The company is
all organized and has been contemplat
ing Phoenix and Tempe for sites for
this plant. Mr. Hurley stated that he
believed Glendale to be the best and
most central location being tributary
to the greatest supply of cattle.
The plant as planned will be on an
extensive scale, built to handle all of
the cattle and hogs that this section of
Arizona can possibly handle. Mr. Tri
bolet said that he believed hog3 were
a more profitable and surer crop than
cotton and that in the future there
would be a great many more hogs
raised here than ever before as the
packing house would provide a sure
and ready market for them.
The plans will include a plant that
will cost approximately $200,000. It
will employ from 80 to 100 people.
Meat will be shipped in car lots to all
parts of the southwest. Of course
tho local traJe will be supplied by this
plant but as heretofore only a local
iHisiness has been done in this line, it
will mea na great deal to have it hand
led on so large a scale.
OPEN STORAGE YARD
PHOENIX, May 7. Steps are being
taken toward the establishment of a
well protected storage yard, ware
house and repair shop for the equip
ment of the highway department un
der Thomas Maddock.
In the past it has been the practice
to leave the machinery used on a joo
laying around, and in many instances
equipment has so deteriorated that its
usefulness was gone and new had to
be purchased.
HELMET BRINGS BIG SUM
PHOENIX, May 7. Highly interest
ing features of the Victory loan meet
ing on First avenue, following the
parade, were the sale and presentation
of German helmets.
One German helmet went to Frank
W. Shedd, a local real estate man, for
$7500, topping the Mesa high mark of
$7250, recently set. Shedd bought
three $500 bonds after the purchase of
the helmet, making his total for the
night $9000.
L.eon Gass bid in the sale of the brg
bouquet, taking a $500 bond and relin
qulhsing his claim to the flowers to
his opponent, Shedd.
Herman Warrcndorf of New York
cKy purchased a $1000 bond, and
numerous smaller sales were ' made,
bringing the total sales at the stand
up te probably $20,000 for the evening.
PIONEER DIES
PHOENIX. - May 7.- From ' Tonto
Basin has come news of (he (ica?,
near Roosevelt, of ; Charles Henry
Tebbs, a resident of (hat section since
18S2, mainly engaged in mining. He
was 04 years old, a native of Cali
fornia, of old Kentucky slock. His
father, Quintus Cincinnatus Tebbs.
was one of the early settlers of the up
per Suit riser valley, owning a large
tract of laud now covered by the wa-
PETRIFIED WOOD MEMORIAL
HOLliliOOK, May 7. Permission
to use a piece, of petrified wood--chahedony
for the Arizona tablet in
the Washington monument, has been
received by the commission of state
institutions.
A letter granting the permission to
.secure this material from the Chal
cedony, park, near HolbrOok, was re
ceived yesterday from.' Horace M. Al
bright, acting director of the National
Forest sen ice. and directions to take
the matter of securing a suitable piece
up with the custodian, William Nelson
ot Adumunn.
An Investigation is now being-made
to find if there is any establishment
in this country that an cut this c.-
VCuntiuuuJ on i'ugt; Fivv
I
RT : W 7
The Flow of Meat
Two-thirds of the live stock in the United
States has to be raised in the West.
One-half of the consumers of meat live in
the East.
In other words, most of the live stock is one
or two thousand miles distant from most of the
people who need it in the form of food.
Fifty years ago, when live stock was raised
close to every consuming center, the country
butcher could handle the job after a fashion.
But the job got too big.
Now millions of animals have to be moved'
hundreds of miles to millions of people. Some
where on the way they have to be turned
into meat.
The packers solved the problem. They set
up plants where the "live haul" and the
"meat haul" were in the right balance. They
eliminated waste. They built up distributing
systems refrigerator cars, refrigerating plants,
branch houses. They saved time, money and
meat everywhere. The stockraiser benejited
in better markets and higher prices; the con
sumer, in better meat and lower prices.
As the country grew, the packers had to
grow, or break down. Because of its present
size and efficiency, Swift & Company is able
to perform its part in this service at a fraction
: of a cent per pound profit
Swift & Company, U.S. A.
Wf Jul
IN $11! In
i i
! til IP lr-
m tiM
J n
five
TEXT OF TEEMS GERMANY MUST SIGH
(Continued from Page Three)
tory, equal treatment with German
planes as to use of German airdromes,
and with most favored nation places
as to commercial traffic in Germany.
Germany agrees to accept allied cer
tificates of nationality, airworthiness
or competency or licenses and to apply
the- convention relative to aerial navi
gation concluded between the allied
and associated powers to her own air
craft over her own territory. These
rules apply until 1923 unless Germany
has since been admitted to the league'
of nations, or to the above conven
tion. FREEDOM OF TRANSIT: Germany
must grant freedom of transit through
her territories by rail or water to per
sons, goods, ships, carriages, and mails
from or to any of the allied or associ
ated powers without customs or tran
sit duties, undue delays, restrictions,
or discriminations based on national
ity, means of transport, or place of
entry or departure. Goods in transit
shall be assured all possible speed
of journey, especially perishable
goods. Germany may not divert traf
fic from its normal course in favor
of her own transport routes or main
taia "control stations" in which trans
migration traffic may be delayed.
She may not establish any tax dis
crimination against the ports of allied
or associated powers; must grant the
latter's seaports all factors and re
duced tariffs granted her own or oth
er nationals and afford the allied and
associated powers equal rights with
those of her own nationals in her ports
-and waterways, save that she is free
to open or close her maritime coast
ing trade.
FREE ZONES IN PORTS
Free
zones existing in German ports on
August 1, 1914, must be maintained
witn due facilities as to warehouses
and packing, without discrimination
and without charges except for ex
penses of administration .and use.
Goods leaving the free zones for con
sumption in Germany and goods
brought into the free zones from Ger
many shall be subject to the ordinary
import and export taxes.
Hun Rivers "i-ree
INTERNATIONAL RIVERS: .The ,
be from the junction of the Vltava, j
Elbe
thn Vltava
from Prague, the uaer t
from Oppa, the Niemen from Grodno,
and the Danube from Ulm are d3
clare'd international together with
their connections. The riparian states
must ensure good conditions of naviga
tion within their territories unless a
special organization exists therefor.
Otherwise appeal may be had to a
special tribunal of the league of na
tions, which also may arrange for a
general international waterways con
vention. '
The Elbe and the Oder are to be
placed under international commis
sions' to meet within three months,
that for the Elbe composed of four
representatives of Germany, two from
Czecho-Slovakia. and one each from
Great Britain. France, Italy and Bel
gium; and that for the Oder com
posed of one each from Poland, Rus
sia, Czecho-Slovakia, Great Britain,
France, Denmark and Sweden. If any
riparian state on the .Niewen. should
so request of the league of nations
a similar commission shall be estab
lished there. These commissions
shall upon request of any riparian
state meet within three months to re
vise any existing international agree
ment. THE DANUBE: The European
Danube commission resumes its pre
war powers but for the time being
with representatives of only Great
Britain, Italy and Rumania. The up
per Danube is to be administered by
a new international commission until
a definite convention can be drawn up
at a conference of the powers nomi
nated by the allied and associated
governments within one year after the
peace. The enemy governments shall
make full reparation for all war dam
ages caused to the European commis
sion; shall cede their river facilities
in surrendered territory and give
Czecho-Slovakia, Serbia and Roumania
any lights necessary on their shores
for carrying out improvements in navi
gation. THE RHINE AND THE MOSELLE:
The Rhine is placed under the central
commission to meet at Strassbour.'i
within six months alter the peace and
to be composed of four representa
tives of France, which shall in addi
tion select the presiuent, rour of Ger
many, and two each of Great Britain,
Italy, Belgium, Switzerland and The
Netherlands. Germany must give
France on the course of the Rhine
included between the two extreme
points of her frontiers all rights to
take water to feed canals, while her
self agreeing not to make canals on
the right bank opposite France. She
must also hand oer to France all
her drafts and designs for this part of
the river.
' Must Help Belgium Build Canals
Belgium is to be peimitted to bui'id
a deep draft Khine-Meuse canal it she
so desires within 25 years, in which
case Germany must construct the part
within her territory on pians drawn
by Belgium; similarly, the interested
allied governments may construct a
Rhlne-Meiise canal, both it construct
ed, to come under the competent in
ternational commission. Germany
may not object if the central Rhine
commission desires to extend its juris
diction over the lower .Moselle, the
upper Rhine or lateral canals.
Germany must cede to the allied and
associated governments certain tugv;,
vessels, and faeilities tor navigation
on all these river, the specific details
to li established by an arbiter named
by tile United States. Derision will
be based on the legitimate needs of
the parties concerned and on" the ship
ping traffic during the five years be
fore tlie Har. The value will be in
cluded in the regular reparation ac
count. Ill the case of tfie Rhine
shares in the German navigation com
panies and property such as wharves
and warehouses held by Germany in
Rotterdam at the outbreak of war
must be bunded over.
Allies Use Hun Railways
RAILWAYS: Germany in mlditfon
to most favored nation treatment on
her railways, iiaree to co-operate In
me cia niisniiiem in inrounu i ichel
bti viccs for passengers and baggage; J
the cta hliiiliiiir nf ot thruuch ticket
to ensure communication by rail be
tween the allied, associated and other
sfates; to allow the construction or
improvement within 25 years of such
lines as necessary; and to conform her
rolling stock to enable its incorpora
tion in trains of the allied and associ
ated powers. She also agrees to ac
cept the denunciation of the St.
Got hard convention if Switzerland and
Italy so request, and temporarily to
execute instructions as to the trans
port of troops and supplies and the
establishment of postal and tele
graphic service, as provided.
CZECHOSLOVAKIA: To assure
Czecho-Slovakia access to the sea, spe
cial rights are given her both north
and south. Towards the Adriatic she
is permitted to run her own through
j trains to Fiume and Trieste. To the
nortn, uermany is to lease ner ior
93 years spaces in Hamburg and Stet
tin, the details to be worked out by
a commission of three representing
Czecho-Slovakia, Germany and Great
Britain. .
: Kiel Canal "Free"
THE KIEL CANAL: The Kiel canal
is to remain free and open to war and
merchant ships of all nations at peace
with Germany. Goods and ships of all
states are to be treated on terms of
absolute equality, and no taxes to be
imposed beyond those necessary for
upkeep and improvement for which
Germany is to be responsible. In case
Lot violation or" disagreement as to
these provisions, any state may appeal
to the league of nations, and may
demand the appointment of an inter
national commission. For preliminary
hearing of complaints Germany shall
establish a local authority at Kiel.
International Labor Body
INTERNATIONAL LABOR ORGAN
IZATIONS: Members of the league of
nations agree to establish a permanent
organization to promote international
adjustment of labor conditions, to con
sist of an annual international labor
conference and an international labor
office.
The former is composed of four rep
resentatives o feach state, two from
the government and one each from the
employers and the employed; each
cf them may vote individually. It will
De a deliberative legislation body, its
measures taking the form of draft con
ventions or recommendations for legis
lation, which is passed by two-thirds
vote, must be submitted to the law
making authority of every state par
ticipating. .Each government may eith
er enact the terms into law; approve
the principle, but modify them to local
needs; leave the actual legislation in
case o fa federal state to local legis
latures; or reject the convention alto
gether without further obligation.
Geneva Also Labor Seat
The international labor office is es
tablished at the seat of the league of
nations as part of its oragnization. It
is to collect and distribute information
on labor throughout the world and
prepare agenda for the conference. It
will publish a periodical in French
and English, and possibly other lan
guages. Each state agrees to make to
it for presentation to the conference
an annual report of measures taken to
execute expressed conventions; the
governing body is its executive com
mittee. It consists of 24 members, 12
representing the governments, six the
employers and six the employes, to
serve tor three years.
On complaint that any government
has failed to carry out a convention
to which it is a part, the governing
body may make inquiries directly to
that government and in case the re
ply is unsatisfactory, may publish
the complaint with comment. A com
plaint by one government against
another may be referred by the gov
erning body to a commission of en
quiry nominated by the secretary-general
of the league. If the commission
report tails to bring satisfactory ac
tion, the matter may be taken to a
permanent court of international jus
tice for final decision. The chief reli
ance for securing enforcement of the
law will be publicity with a possibil
ity of economic action in the back
ground. First Meeting in Washington
The first meeting tf the conference
will take place in October, 1919, at
Washington, to discuss the eight-hour
day or 48-hour week; prevention of
unemployment; extension and applica
tion of the international conventions
adopted at Berne in 1906 prohibiting
night work for women and the use
of white phosphorus in the manufac
ture of matches; and employment of
women and children at night or in un
healthy work, of women before and
alter child birth, including maternity
benefit, and of children as regards
minimum age.
LABOR CLAUSES: Nine principles
of labor conditions were recognized
on the ground that "the well being,
physical and moral, of the industrial
wage earners is of supreme interna
tional importance." With exceptions
necessitated by differences of climate,
habits and economic development,
they include:
Nine Labor Principles
The guiding principle that labor
hhall not be regarded merely as a
commodity or article of commerce;
right of association of employers and
employes; a wage adequate to main
tain a reasonable standard of life; the
eight-hour day or 48-hour week; a
weekly rest of at least 24 hours, which
should include Sunday wherever prac
ticable; abolition or child labor and
assurance of the continuation of the
education and proper physical devel
opment of children; equal pay for
equal work as between men and wom
en; equitable tieatment of all work
ers lawfully ictiJent therein includ
ing foretellers; and a system of in
spection in which women should take
part.
GUARANTEES: Western Eu--rope:
German territory to the
west of the Rhine together with
the bridgeheads, will be occupied
by allied and associated troops
for 15 years.
If the conditions are faithfully car
ried out by Germany, certain districts,
inclU'liiiK the bridgehead f Cologne.
will be evacuated at the expiration j
of five vi-ars: certain other districts I
ill' liming ilia ni'Mtgf uctiu oi i.oiicii.
and the territories nearest the Belgian
!i' hiding Hie briitpe lieud of Cobleiu.
frontier will be evacuated after ten
years, and the remainder including
the bridgehead of Mainz, will be
evacuated after 15 years. In case the
inter-allied reparation commission
finds that Germany has failed to ob
serve the whole or part of her obli
gations, either during the occupation
or after the 15 years have expired the
whole or part of the areas specified
will be re-occupied immediately. If be
fore the expiration of the 15 years
Germany complies with all the treaty
undertakings, the occupying forces
will be witndrawn immediately.
EASTERN EUROPE: All German
troops at present in territories to the
east of the new frontier shall return
as soon, as the allied and associated
governments deem wise. They are to
abstain from all requisitions and are
in no way to interfere with measures
for national defense taken by the gov
ernment concerned.
All questions regarding occupation
not provided for by the treaty will
be regulated by a subsequent con
vention or conventions which will
have similar force and effect.
Must Recognize Other Peace Pacts
MISCELLANEOUS: Germany
agrees to recognize the full validity of
the treaties of peace and additional
conventions to be concluded by the
allied and associated powers with the
powers allied with Germany; to agree
to the decisions to be taken as to the
territories of Austria, Hungary, Bul
garia and Turkey, and to recognize the
new states in the frontiers to be fxed
for them.
Germany agrees not to put forward
any pecuniary claims against any al
lied or associated power signing the
present treaty based on events pre
vious to the coming into force of the
treaty. .
Germany accepts all decrees as to
German ships and goods made by any
allied or associated prize court. The
allies reserve the right to examine ail
decisions of German prize courts.
The present treaty, of which the
French and English texts are both
authentic, shall be ratified and tne
depositions of ratifications made
in Paris as soon as possible. The
treaty is to become effective in
all respects for each power on the
date of deposition of its ratifica
tion. SOLDIERS TO ORGANIZE
OUTLAW BALL LEAGUE
BOSTON, May 7. George H. Law,
son, recently discharged from the Ca
nadian army, in which he was ser
geant major in the Royal Engineers,
announced tonight plans for the for
mation of an "outlaw" baseball league,
to be known as the Allied league. He
said that only men who had seen serv
ice in the American expeditionary or
allied armies would be eligible to play.
Mr. Lawson, who promoted the "out
law" United States league a few years
ago, said he Had assurances of back
ing which would enable the league to
start its season on June 1. He an
nounced as the probable circuit: Bos
ton. Providence, Brooklyn, Baltimore,
Philadelphia, Montreal, Ottawa or To
ronto and Newark. He said grounds
were available in all of these cities.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS
Notice is hereby given that sealed
bids will be received by the Common
Council of the City of Bisbee, Cochise
County, Arizona, same to be opened at
their regular meeting, 7:30 p. m., Tues
day, June 3, 1919, for the grading, par
ing, curbing and guttering of the fol
lowing streets, and the removal of a
certain portion of the present pave
ment thereon:
Lower Naco- Road from the East
City Limits to a point about 1300 feet
in a westerly direction.
Upper Naco Road from the City Hall
to the General Office of the Phelps
Dodge Corporation, Copper Queen
Branch, Brewery Gulch from the north
junction of Brewery Gulch and Review
Alley, to a point about 150 feet east
of the Queen Laundry.
Subway Street.
Quarry Canyon from the Loretto
Academy to a point about 750 feet
south.
Tombstone Canyon and Main Street
from the Phelps Dodge Store to the
Doyle House.
Tombstone Canyon from the Doyle
House to the West City Limits.
Specifications, plans and profiles ot
the above work are on file at the City
Engineer's Office.
Bids will be received separately on
each section.
Contractors may bid on one or all
sections with the understanding that
if the work is awarded as a whole that
work will be commenced on two sec
tions simultaneously.
Plans, profiles, specifications, bid
ding blanks, and any further informa
tion desired may be had upon applica
tion to P. H. Halleck, City Engineer,
Bisbee, Arizona, when accompanied by
check for Ten (?10.00). Dollars.
All bids must be accompanied by a
certified check in the sum of 10 per
cent of the bid. The Common Council
reserves the right to reject any bid,
any part ot a bid, or all bids.
Address all bids to the City Clerk,
Bisbee, Arizona. Mark plainly on the
outside of the envelope the nature of
the bid.
By order of the Common Council.
JACOB ERICKSON,
ATTEST: Mayor.
M. L. BUTTER,
City Clerk.
;yLkJ;
i I II III 1 I llll I III I I I ,
BURIED SHELLS FEAR
OF FRENCH FARMERS
COMPEIGNE. May 7. Little can be
grown in the Compeigne region this
season. It is impossible to plow be
cause of the number of unexploded
shells in the ground. Engineers are
gathering these as fast as they can be
located and using them in reclama
tion work. More than 3,000 German
prisoners are employed clearing away
debris here. There is no gas in the
city as the gas works was wrecked,
but it soon will be rebuilt. Repatriats
in the surrounding villages walk six
miles for bread while they carry on
the work of rebuilding with the wreck
age of the villages that once were.
HAREM WOMEN PARADE
FOR EGYPT'S FREEDOM
CAIRO. May 7. Egypt, where wo
man once observed the greatest se
clusion, now sees its women joining
vigorously in Nationalist street dem
onstrations. In gaily decked moto
cars they ride through the streets
cheering and waving flags, while
Arab girls do native dances on motoi
trucks.
Most unusual of all an Egyptian
woman leaving her harem to address
a gathering outside the sultan's pal
ace in favor of Egyptian independ
ence. TYPHUS IS SPREADING
THROUGHOUT EUROPE
CANNES, May 7. So widespread
is typhus in Eastern Poland, Russia,
Serbia and Macedonia, that interna.
tional Red Cross officials are consid
ering an elaborate program to keep
it from spreading to other countries.
Italy, France; Britain and America, it
is believed, with-., proper measures,
will escape the scourge, but few
other countries will fail to suffer
from it. There are hundreds of thou
sands of cases from the Black sea
north into Russia.
FRENCH MAIL CARRIED
BY EIGHT AIR LINES
PARIS, May 7. France now has
eight air lines in operation carrying
mail. General headquarters direcis
lines between Paris and Brussels,
Lilie and Strassburg. The civilian
aviation service attached to the min
istry of war has lines between Paris
and Maubeuge and Bordeaux and be
tween Valenciennes and Nancy,
Lcngwy and Briey. Under the Posts
and Telegraphs , are lines between
Paris and St. Nazaire and Tarascon
and Nice. -
Business Locals
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leave Bisbee,
Bisbee Auto company, 7:45 a. m., ?:30
p. m. Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
Painter and Paper Hanging, Signs
. C. J. BRANDT
Box 150. 27 Broadway. Phonv, 456
L. L. Gilman sells the New Edison,
The Phonograph With a Soul." Adv
ROSES TODAY, 5c DOZEN
Carnations. 35c; Calas and Cecil
Breuners. Bisbee Floral & Produce,
Allen block. M-8
FOR SALE
Nice business in Bisbee. Going to
Ranger immediately. Box 22S0, Bis
bee. M-8
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT IN THE
County of Cochise, State of Arizona.
Estate of Rosa M. Blewett, deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the under
signed administratrix of the estate of
Rosa M. Blewett, deceased, to the
creditors of and all persons having
claims against the said deceased, to
exhibit them, with the necessary
vouchers within four (4) months aft
er tha first publication of this notice
to the said administratrix at the of
fice of Hon. J. D. Taylor, attorney at
law, Bisbee, Arizona, the same being
the place for the transaction of the
business of said estate, in said County
of Cochise.
MARGARET GALLAGHER,
Administratrix ot the Estate of Rosa
M. Blewett, Deceased.
Dated this 22d day of April. 191!).
First publication April 24, 11U9.
BACK LIKE A
BOARD? IT'S
YOUR KIDNEYS
Tn-re'a no use suffering from th
awful ngony o! l:irn baeK. Don't wait
till it "passe off." It only comes back.
Find the cans and stop it. Diseased
condition!? of kidneys Are usually indi
cated by ctiiT lame backs and other
wrenching j.aiu?, wMcb. are nature's sig
aals fur hItil
Here's tho remedy. When you feel
die Svst twinges of pain or experi
once any of these symptoms, get busy
at once. Co to your druggist and get
a bos of tho pure, risinel GOLD
31EDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules, im
ported -fresb. every month, fmm th
JcborfltOrioa m TTnarlem, Holland,
rieasnnt atid ensy to toke, they instant
ly n'.t.-k the poisonous germs clogging
; onr rysiem mid bring quick relief.
For over two hundred years they
Jnre been helping the tick. Why not
fry them? i-old everywhere by re
Vnhla druggists in seoled packages.
'Xi'i-co sizes. Jloney back if thy d
hoip t you, Afk fT "CZOLI
li ETAL nod be ure the asms
GOLD ilEDAL" is ea th9 feoi.?j
Here and There in
Arizona
tC'ontiimtU from Vage Four)
ceedingly hard material and produce
Ithe tablet.
HIGHWAY COMMISSION QUITS
TUCSON, May 7 After a somewhat
acrimonious discussion between Dr.
W. A. Baker, chairman of the board of
supervisors, and Fred Ronstadt, acting
chairman of the county highway com
mission, at a joint meeting of the
board and commission today, the en
tire commission tendered the resigna
tion in open session and the same
were accepted.
Fred Ronstadt, Monte Mansfield and
E. G. Bush, members of the commis
sion, were present. G. W. Dietz, who
was formerly chairman, has left Tuc
son. It is reported from Ajo that Mr.
Otter has sent his resignation to Su
pervisor F. A. Nathan of that city.
MIAMI WOMAN DIES
MIAMI, May 7. Mrs. Willella My
ers, age 39, wife of Walter T. Myers, a ;
Miami contractor, died at the Miami- j
Inspiration hospital last night after a ,
short illness. In addition to her hus-1
band she is survived by a daughter, I
aged 3 years, and a brother living in !
Miami. !
MIAMI, May 7. Fire broke out in
Mexican canyon at 2:20 o'clock this
morning and it was past 5 before the
last dying embers had been extin
guished by the volunteer fire depart
ment. Seven small houses were de
stroyed, entailing an estimated loss
of $3,000 to $3,500. One of the houses
was a two-story structure, the ground
floor of which was a Mexican grocery
store. The remaining six were small
residences of Mexican laborers, on
whom the loss will fall heavily, as
none, as far as known, carried .insur
ance. Nearly all saved the household
goods. The greater part of the stock
of the store was destroyed, including
imported Mexican goods, pottery, etc.
FEDERAL COURT CONVENES
GLOBE, May 7 Judge Sawtelle
opened the long delayed December
session of the federal court in this
ctiy yesterday morning. The morn
ing session was taken up almost en
tirely by the selection of trial jurors,
the grand jury and instructions to
the jurymen.
The following were selected for the
grand jury: W. B. Lewis, foreman;
J. A. Caruthers. F. J. McTate, Edwin
Taylor, Lee Wells, J. D. Webb. Grover
C. Dial, S. W. French, M. P. Ttinson,
F. R. Taylor, Oscar Tylar, Joseph B.
fctratton, James E. Young, Robert
O'Connor. Edgar Laum, George Wil
son, Kelly Holbert, Frank Carlock and
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS
Notice is hereby given that sealea
written bids will be received by the
Common Council of the City of Bisbee,
Cochise County, Arizona, at the Coun
cil Chamber in the City Hall, same to
be opened at 7:30 p. m., Tuesday,
June 3, 1919, for the following ma
terials:
5000 bbls. Portland Cement, more or
less. f. o. b: cars Bisbee, Arizona.
All cement to conform with the
standard specifications for Portland
Cement adopted by the American So
ciety for Testing Materials.
Detail information on the above may
be obtained by applying to P. H. Hal-
leek, City Engineer. ;
All bids must be accompanied byi
a certified check in the sum of lirperj
cent of the amount of the bid.
The Council reserves the right to j
reject any or all bids.
Address all bids to' the City Clerk, !
mark plainly on the outside of the ;
envelope the nature of the bid. i
By order of the Common Council. j
JACOB ERICKSON,
ATTEST: Mayor.:
M. L. BUTTER, 1
City Clerk. I
yiimiwurii m
Gas Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
"4 . v.
Bisbee
Lee Middleton.
The grand jury went into session
during the morning.
DEDICATE PIPE ORGAN
JEROME, May 7. The organ re
cital given last night at .the Church of
the Holy Family was a most delightful
musical event, as had been expected,
and was attended by an audience that
filled the seating capacity of the
church.
Rev. Father Mayer, who played an
the organ numbers, was handicapped
by the fact that he had practically no
opportunity for practice, as the in
stallation was finally completed only
the day before ,but he played an in
teresting program in a most artistic
manner and to the complete enjoy
ment of the large audience.
EDUCATIONAL SURVEY.
JEROME, May 7 In an effort to
Hardly a Drugstore in the Land
That Does Not Sell This Remedy
On the Market Half a Century.
"When you are in perfect health,
and are enjoying a strong and vigor
ous vitality, it is then that youri)lood
is free from all impurities.
You should be very careful and
give heed to the slightest indication
of impure blood. A sluggish circula
tion is often indicated by an impaired
OCKHECH-T
.RBO. U.S. PAT. OFF.
ARMY .SKOIS
For the man who is on bis feet all day
a more comfortable shoe was never made.
Hence the widespread popularity of the
Bvckkecht Army Shoe among business and
professional men, sportsmen, outdoor work
ers, miners, farmers, -mechanics, etc. A
good, practical Shoe for every Jay wear!
Built for comfort and service built for
you! Remember the name Buckhecht
stamped on every shoe for your protection..
Get a pair today !
At principal dealer on the Pacif c Coast. If
voun dealer is not supplied, ordei direct from
BUCKINGHAM
Manufacturer
& HECHT
San Francisco
In Stock--
Goodyear Tires and Tubes
Kelly-Springfield Tires and Tubes
Michelin Tubes
Oldsmobile Cars and Trucks
Dodge Parts and Service Station
Phone 166
Improvement Co.
clarify the local educational dispute,
two prominent educators will arrive
in the city next week to make an ed
ucational survey of the district, and
make recommendations as to the ad
visability of the consolidated high
school system. The experts who have
been called aer "Dr." Ernest C. Moore
of Los Angeles and Harold Steele, su
perintendent of schools at Douglas.
Dr. Moore is the president of the
State Normal of California, and his
colleague has considerable experi
ence in both community and union
high school systems. They will make
a thorough study of conditions in the
district, and make separate erports
to each board in the district. Their
experience and recommendations
should prove of value and assistance
in the consideration of the relative
merits of the two plans advocated.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE REVIEW
appetite, a feeling of lassitude and a
general weakening of the system. It
is then that you should promptly take
a few bottles of S. S. S., the great
blood purifier and strengthener. It
will cleanse the blood thoroughly and
build up and strengthen the whole
system. S. S. S. is sold by all drug
gists. Valuable information about the
blood supply can be had f rp e by writ
ing to the Swift Specific Co., 24
Swift Laboratory, Atlanta. Ga.
BLACK GUNMETAL,
MAHOGANY CALF OR
INDIAN TAN CALF
$60 to $8-50
Naco Road
Dump Garage
m h
m ;
;.! I 9
hm
$i i &
i SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, MAY 8, 1919
HUN BLAMES ALLIES
IN REPLYTO TERMS
(Continued from Pace One'
which saw its crisis in the world war.
"Russian mobilization took from
the statesmen the possibility of heal
ing and gave the decision into the
hands of the military powers. Public
opinion in all the countries of our ad
versaries is resounding with the
crimes which Germany is said to have
committed in the war. Here also we
are ready to confess wrong that may
have been done.
Admits Wrong to Belgium
' We have not come here to belittle
the responsibility of 'he men who
have waged the war politically and
economically, or to deny any crimes
which may have been committed
against the rights of peoples. We re
peat the declaration which . ha3 been
-made in the German reichstag at the
beginning of the war, that is to say
"wrong has been done to Belgium,' and
we are willing to repair it.
"But in the manner of making war
also Germany is not-the only one. I
do not want to answer by reproaches
to reproaches, but I ask them to re
member, when reparation is demand
ed, not to forget the armistice. It
took us six weeks until we got it at
last, and six months until we came to
know your condi:ions of peace.
"Crimes in war may not be excus
able, but they are committey in the
struggle for" victory and in the defense
of national existence and passions
are aroused which make the consci
ence of people blank.
Al!id Atrocities Claimed
"The hundreds of thousands of non
combatants who have perished since
November 11 by reason of the block
ade were killed with cold deliberation
after our adversaries had conquered
and victory had been assured to them.
Think of this when you speak of guilt
and of punishment. .
"The measure of the guilt 'of all
those who have taken part can only
be stated by an impartial inquest be
fore a neutral commission before
which all the principal persons of the
tragedy are allowed to speak and to
which all the archives are open. We
have demanded such an inquest and j
we repeat this demand.
"In this conference also where we
stand toward our adversaries alone
and without any allies we are not quite
without protection. You yourselves
have brought us an ally, namely the
right which is guaranteed by the
treaty and by the principles of peace.
Cites Wilson for His Purpose
"The allies and associated govern
ments have foresworn in the time be
Ain't Nature Wonderfm By Ahem
The first housing difficulty wa3 afthe time of the flood.
Noah had the only wigwam available for navigation. The
water raised it then. But, it '
would be the landlords now.
With the other citizens at that
time, a cotage like Noah's
was way over their heads. In
stead of a flood now, the coun
try is going dry. But the hous
ing bungle is just as tight as
in Noah's day. The only ones
floating are the landlords, and
we've gotta pay 'em steep toll
to hang on and keep our heads
clear of the wind waves. The
housing fracas sure is a bunch of knots in a bundle of barbed
wire. When folks offer a reward to any person who locates
them a flat with a f or-rent complexion, we'll say that's the toss
that wins the split cane !
EVERETT TRUE
Me
ee or J
L0mN CO-,, Ir -
MiTTciC HOW
MUCH oKACt
I put you S2M
for r fw;'I
- 2; UC5C-, PUT
- ..-Ljr- "tFf-1: MS DoiajW FOR
- j -r-:3T-rr:' rrr FOUR.
tween the 5th of October and the 5th
of November, 1918, a peace of vio
lence and have written a peace of
justice on the their banner. On Ihe
5th of October, 191S, the German gov
ernment proposed the principles of
the president of United States
America as the basis of peace and on
t he 5th of "November, their secretary
of state, Mr. Lansing, declared that
the allied and associated powers
agreed to this basis with two definite
deviations.
"The principles of President Wilson
have thus become binding to both
parties to the war for you as w'ell as
for us and also for our former allies.
The various principles demand from
us heavy national and economic sac
rifices but the holy fundamental rights
of all peoples are protected by this
treaty. The conscience of the world
is behind it. There is no nation which
might violate it without punishment.
"You will find us ready to examine
upon this basis the preliminary peace
which you have proposed to us with a
firm intention of . rebuilding in com
mon with you that has been destroyed
and repairing any wrong that may
have been committed, principally the
wrong to Belgium and to show to man
kind new aims of political and social
progress.
"Considering the vast quantity of
problems which arise we ought as
soon as possible to make an exami
nation of the principal task by spe
cial commissions of experts, on the
basis of the treaty which you have
proposed us. In . this it will be our
chief task to re-eetablish the devastat
ed vigor of mankind and of all the
pepple who have taken part by in
ternational protection of the life,
health and liberty of the working
classes.
"As our next aim, I consider the
reconstruction of the territories of
Belgium , and of northern France
which have been Occupied by us and
which have been destroyed by war.
"To .do so we have taken upon our
selves the solemn obligation and we
are resolved to execute it to the ex
tent which shall have been agreed
upon between us. This task we can
not do without the co-operation of our
former adversaries. We cannot ac
complish the work without the tech
nical aid of the participation of the
victorious peoples and you cannot ex
ecute that without us.
Forgets Hun Treatment of Captives
"Impoverished Europe must desire
that the reconstruction shall be ful
filled with the greatest success and
with as little expense as In any way
possible. This desire can only be ful
filled by a clear understanding about
the best methods to be employed. It
would bethe worst method to go on
and have "the work done by German
prisoners of war. Certainly this work
is cheap, but it would cost the world
dear if hatred and despair shall, seize
the German people When they con-
COtAE. WrXTSOhJ
VIE MIST GET IX
CLUE ON ft FLAT
FOR RErVr
Vo wait xcrnrcs j
B&CoHQ I -.
Pet of U. S. Airman Flies High
He's a bit of a traveler, this 14-months-old fox, picked up in the city of
Nancy during a battle. And Nancy is her name. Nancy has been in Paris,
London and New York. She has gone up 2,000 feet with British airmen and
now she is on her way to California with Sergeant Jack Beyon, who brought
her over from France. Nancy, wild with fright,, ran into a French machine
gun in a trench at Nancy while a battle was on. The Frenchman gave her
to Sergeant Jack. She follows along the end of a leash as docile as a puppy.
sider that their brothers, sons and fa-!
thers who are prisoners are kept pris
oners beyond the preliminary peace in
former penal. work.
"Without immediate solution of this
question, which has been drawn out
too long, we cannot come to a durable
peace. Experts of both sides will
have to examine what the German
people may come up to their financial
obligations, to repair, without suc
cumbing under their heavy burden.
A crash would bereave those who
have a right to repair, and would
draw after it irretrievable disorder of
the whole European economical sys
tem. '
"The vanquishers, as well as the
vanquished peoples, must guard
against this menacing danger with its
incurable consequences. There is only
one means of banishing it unlimited
confessions, of the economic and so
cial solidarity of all the peoples in a
free and rising league of nations.
Wants League of Nations Entre
"Gentlemen: The sublime thought
to be derived from the most terrible
disaster in the history of mankind is
the, league of nations. The greatest
progress in the development of man
kind has been pronounced and will
make its way. Only if the gates of
the league of nations are. thrown open
to all who are of good will, can the
aim be attained and only then the
dead of this war will not have died
in vain.
"The German people in their hearts
are ready to take upon themselves
their heavy lot, if the bases of peace
which have been established are not
any more shaken.
' The peace which may not be de
fended in the name of right before the
world always calls forth new resis
tance against it. Nohody .will be cap
able of subscribing to' it with good con
science, for it will not be possible
of fulfillment. Nobody could be able
to take upon himself the guarantee of
its execution which ought to lie in its
signature.
"We shall examine the document
ha-nded to us with good will and in
the hope that the final result of our
interview may be subscribed to by all
of us.
MAN WHO NEVER
FAKES COMING TO
EAGLE THEATER
One of the growing favorites of the
screen is the William Fox star, Tom
Mix, who has been presenting one
success after another and increasing
his reputation and popularity as the
greatest western player.
His latest play, "Mr. Logan, U. S.
A.," will be shown at the Eagle the
ater commencing Saturday and it
shows Tom Mix as the secret service
man who lets grim duty outweigh the
call of love. He is given every op
portunity to perform those hazardous
feats that are a noteworthy feature
of every Mix production and which
he never fakes. Adv.
ELLEN BEACH YAW
New York Morning Telegraph. It
was in "Lucia di Lammermoor" that
Ellen Beach Yaw made herself known
to a Metropolitan Opera house audi
ence and it was her voice and her
vocal gymnastics that redeemed thi3
stilted and futile old opera.
Recall After Recall
At the close of the "mad scene" at
the end of the third act, a demonstra
tion of approval rocked'and shook th
opera house. It was the sort of thing
that will be a Koh-i-noor among the
memories of Madame Yaw for many
years. Time after time she was forced
to return to the little cabinet formed
by drawing apart the large curtains,
and time after time the highly de
lighted audience hailed her with
mighty applause.
But it was a sincere applause, and
as such must have been grateful to
the woman who had won to the top.
And for this applause she returned
notes that were vocal pearls.
Ellen Beach Yaw may feel thorough
ly satisfied with the result of her ap
pearance as one of the stars of the
Metropolitan Opera house.
There was no trace of effort in her j
ineiiiua ui laKing mat u aDove tne
E. Naturally and easily she tripped
up the ladder of notes, striking each
with exquisite precision, and that last
note, unreached by others, rang with
out marring evidence of strain or ef
fort. One note, no matter how hlgn
above the last line of the scale, never
made a singer a success of itself
alone. That one high note is not all
there is to be found in Madame Yaw's
box of vocal treasures. It Is the great
est gem of many gems, but the oth
ers are pure, perfect and flawless.
EDUCATIONAL BUREAU
OF U. S. STARTS 'KEEP
IN SCHOOLS AMPAIGN
WASHINGTON, May 8. the value
of staying at school is stated in dol
lars and cents in figures compiled by
the bureau of education and now be
ing distributed to .boys and girls
throughout the country by the chil
dren's bureau.
From a study of a large number of
actual cases it has been found that at
25 years of age the boy wlio remained
in school until he was 18 had received
$200 more salary than the boy who
left school at 14, and that the better
educated youth was then receiving
more than $900 a year more in pay.
"This is equivalent to an investment
of $18,000, at 5 per cent," the state
ment said. "Can a boy increase his
capital as fast in any other way?-
"From this time on the salary of the
better educated boy will rise still
more rapidly, while the earnings of the
boy who left school at 14 will increase
but little."
While wages have increased with
the war, the proportions shown in a
table of weekly earning still hold true,
the statement said. The boy who lert
40 SUCCESSFUL YEARS
IMPURE v AND POISONED BLOOD
NO LONGER TERRORIZE
THOSE WHO KNOW
"NUMBER 40"
This is the record of the famous old
prescription known as "Number 40 For
The Blood." Successfully employed in
diseases of the glandular system, in
blcod poison, mercurial and lead pois
oning, chronic rheumatism, catarrh,
constipation, indigestion, stomach
trouble, malaria, toxic poisoning, hep
atic congestion, scrofulous enlarge
ments, sores, ulcers, mercurial and
lead poisoning. "Number 40" is made
by J. C. Mendenhall, i0 years a drug
gist, Evansville, Ind.
Sold by Central' Pharmacy, Bisbee,
Arizona. Adv.
in
Don't fail to secure a pair of shoes when you can save $1.50
to $4.50 a pair. We have your size in black, tan, gun metal,
in kid lace and button.
As we said before,' the damage was trifling and the salv
age men were more than anxious to secure them, but we con
sidered your pocket book, feeling that you were entitled to
a chance of this kind. ;
school at 14 at the time the investiga
tion was made received an average of
?4 a week, his wages increasing each
year to $7 u week at IS: The boy who
remained in school until he was 18
began at $10 a week. At 20 the salaries
were ?!.50 a week for the boy who left
jchool early and ?15 for "his better
trained competitor. At 25 they were
earning $12.75 and $31 respectively,
and total wages up to that time had
been $5,112.50 and $7,337.50, so that
the boy who remained in school had
earned nearly 50 per cent more in
eight years than the other lad in 12
years.
"Children should stay in school as
long as possible because education
means better jobs," the children's ba
reau urges. "Boys and girls who go
to work at the end of grammar scuool
iareiy get good jobs. The work they
find to do is usually unskilled; it of
fers little training or chance for ad
vancement. When they are older they
find they are still untrained for the
skilled work which offers a future.
Education means higher wages.
"Many boys and girls when they
leave school find work that offers a
high wage for a beginner. But these
wages seldom grow because the work
requires no trsining.
"A position with a future and stead-
DOUBLE FEATURE
BILL AT THE EAGLE : "
WITH FINAL EPISODE
CANNIBAL PICTURE
Martin Johnson, pal of Jack Lon-
I don, went to the South Pacific islands
with a motion picture camera to bring
back for civilization's eyes the cus
toms of the savage peoples of the
South Seas. He found adventure and
jrama, and with his brave little wife,
of man-eating cannibals by almost a
miracle. Johnson's film story of this
trip is told in "Captured by Canni
bals." Final chapter of "Cannibals of
the. South Seas.'Vt Eagle theater to
day.
un same diu wun me cannmat pic
tures a thrilling five part drama of
love and danger entitled "The Demon,"
featuring Edith Story, will be shown,
also a good comedy. Adv.
OIL OIL OIL
We have the following Oil Stock
for Sale
Texas Crude Oil Co.
' Central Oil Co.
Lucky 5 No. 2
O-Tex Production Co.
Invader Oil & Refining Co.
F. BRIGGS & COMPANY
Phone 701
P. O. Box 3007 Lowell
FOR SALE
, Delivery Now
' Paying now 12 per cent with . 11
producing wells. Buy Texas Crude
Oil Stocks in Bisbee and get cer
tificates when you make order in
25 to 200 shares.
J. W. WOOD
Box 1329 Bisbee, Ariz,
or Brewery Gulch
SALE
4.50 to $12
With $1.50 to $4.50 off on every pir
If you can't find your size today keep coming Plenty to
come down from warehouse each day
ily increasing wages requires school
training.
"Does it pay to continue your
studies? Education means a success-1
ful and useful life; it pays the indi
vidual. Education means " efficient
workers; it pays the nation. Snow
this to your parents and ask them
what they think about it. Stay in
school!"
GIVE POOR COAL FUND
BUT THERE'S NO COAL
LONDON. May 7. Everton, Bed
fordshire, has a "coal charity," ob
ject being" to Bee that poor people are
warm all winter. There's no coal
now, so the poor are getting cash In
stead. Everton city officers haven t
explained what good the money does
to the coalless poor.
TO REVIEW SUBSCRIBERS
If you do not receive your Re
view every morning by 7:30
o'clock just phone the Review of
fice, No. 39, and a copy of the
Review will be delivered immedi
ately to you. The circulation oe
partment of the Review desires
that all subscribers receive their
paper regularly and on time. You
will confer a favor on the man
agement by phoning us whenever
your paper does not reach you
promptly. Your assistance in aid-'
ing us to render efficient service
will be appreciated.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet everf
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:3t
p. m., Finnish hall.
R. A. W.OOD, C. C. .
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
Bisbee Lodge No
452, meets the 2d
and 4th Satur
days each month
at 7:30 at New
Odd Fellows
Hall. Visiting members cordially in
vited. JULIA POOLE, President,
Phone 278.
GEO. POOLE, Treas., P. O. Box 2229.
HONORA MUNCH, Secretary.
Box 1621.
Bisbee MinerB'
Union No. 125,
I n t ernationa!
Union of Mine,
Mill & Smelter
Workers,
meets every
Sunday night
at Philadel
phia hotel
bldg., at 7 p.m.
L. M. PURCELL, R. J. WILBERT.
President. Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
1
Meets in I. O- O. F
Eall First and "Thlrr
Saturdays. V i s 1 1 ic
brothers welcome.
J. L. BENTON, Councilor.
P. L. WOODMAN. Jr.. Rec. Secy.
Pair
i
I
jl
1IY
I
Lodge Notices
MAY 10, 1919
Monday
TueBray
Wednesday
Thursday Chap. Re,
Friday
Saturday
THOMAS HARGIS. W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y F. & A. M.
W. Ii. BANKS, E. H. P.
N. C. BLEDSOE, T. I. M.
J. L. POWELL, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPOIIT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BNKS, Secretary Council.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I
meets ?ery
Thursday
evening at Odd i
Fellows' Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
II. D. KING. N a
G. A. PLUNKETT, Secy.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
nd 4th. Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
ELSIE CALEY, M. E. C,
Phone Black 333.
OLIVE BAILEY, M. of R. C, .
Phone 719.
IMPROVED ORDER
OF RED MEN
Meets First and Third
Thursday of each
month at Medigovich
Hall. Visiting Broth
ers cordially invited.
THOS. HASTIE.
SAM VERRAN, C. of P. Sachem.
Warren District Soldiers' and Sail
ors' club meets in I. O. O. F. hall first
and third Wednesday nights in each
month. Ex-soldiers and sailors cordial
ly welcome. H. C. Haines, Com
mander. Adv.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. U
Knight of Pythlu.
meets each I -sday
(except second) In Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:31
p. m. Visiting brother!
cordially invited.
JACK CAIN. C. C.
W. E- McCALLUM. K. of R. 8-
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
E. B. MATHEWS, Exalted Ruler.
C. W. HICKS, Secretary.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Elsbee Cany? Y
Meeta 1st Saturday
Medigovich Hall.
S. T. MOSS, Consul
tL F. MATHEWUON
ecu
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L.O. O. IVL
Meets every Friday
night. Moose HalL
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
I. A. ROSOK,
Dictator.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADNAUGHT
L. O. L. NO. 210.
meets In I. O.
O. F. Hall 2nd
and 4th Wed-,
pesday at 7:30
p. m.
Visiting Broth
ers cordially
Invited to at
tend. WM. T. 8MITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, ecrw.
P. O. KOX 426. Bl8t
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICM
YEOMAN ,
Richard I. Homestead 895, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vich hall. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited. . -
F. W. TURNER, Foreman,
Phone Black 468.
P. O. Box 981, Warren.
EL D. STINSON,
Correspondent, Box 1496.
OPOER OF EASTERN 8TAR
meets tn Masonio HaD
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. HELENA RAGSDALE, W. M.,
Phone 600.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec'y, P. O.
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com..
Phone 471.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175, F. O.
E., meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, 8 p. m.,
Eagles' Hall.
Visitors cor
dially wel
come. EDWIN OLLERENSHAW, Pres.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDMUNDSON, Aerie Physician.
1
1
. O. O. F.
H . titisi 5 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, MAY 8, 1919
SEVEN
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisement under this head are at the rat of 1 cent per word for
each insertion, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. No ads will, be
9eived later than 7 p. m. for Insertion the next morning and no ads
will be taken over the telephone.
For Rent
FOR RENT New Bouse, partly fur
nished, tour rooms and bath, hot
and cold water. Mrs. W. Peterson,
Third addition, Warren. M-10
FOR RENT Two unfurnished rooms.
Harry King, 208 Hazzard etrem..
Warren. M-9
FOR RENT Three large unfurnished
rooms, screened front porch, sleep
ing porch. Rent reasonable. Rear
Cochise lumber yard, Cochise. M-10
FOR RENT One four-room and one
three-room furnished house. Mrs.
Wlnwood, Winwood addition. M-15
For: RENT Four-room house partly
i i ushed at 57 J. E. 7 street; three
ii.ce clean rooms at 90 Chicago ave
nue. M-10
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished or
unfurnished. 206-B Opera Drive.
M-14
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms,
three minutes from postoffice. 81
School hill. - .M-lw
.FOR ' HENT Three-room furnished
., apartment at Brlggs and Campbell
streets, Warren. Phone 779.,:.M-11
FOR RENT One or' two large sunny
front rooms, Vista, street, Warren. '
' Phone evenings, 791. ' . M-ll
FOR RENT parage, also furnished
room. - Block from C. & A. office,
Warren. Phone 464. . M-13
FOR RENT Two-room . furnished
house, $12; three rooms furnished,
?15. J. Brown, 102 High road. M-8
FOR RENT Tent house, all the con
veniences. Loma 39, Laundry can
yon. M-ll
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
rooms,. Prltchard house, Brophy car
stop. M-ll
FOR RENT One apartment of two
nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms. John Ceron, Warren. M-10
FOR RENT Three-room house, fur
nished.' Back of fire house. Inquire
at the Mason Market M-9
FOR RENT Four-room house, screen
ed back and front porch, fenced
chicken yard. Near Cochise lumber
yard- Fred C. Saxby. M-8
FOR RENT One . three-room apart-1
ment and one two-room, nicely fur-;
nished for light housekeeping, all
'conveniences. 80 Moon avenue.
Phone 645. M-8
FOR RENT Three rooms unfurnish
ed. Bakerville. - Mike Plntek. M-10
FQR RENT Three furnished rooms-.
103 Higgins hill. ' M-10
FOR RENT Large airy sleeping
rooms and one light housekeeping
room. Opposite Loretto school. Call '
or phone 761. M-9
keeping rooms, 120 Upper Lowell.
Lights, water and gas. . M-8
FOR RENT Well , furnished, cool
rooms, quiet place for miners. Sin
gle or double rooms. Reasonable
rates. St. Elmo hotel. Brewery
avenue. J-4
FOR RENT Nice cool apartment, fur
nished, large porch and shade trees,
. garage. Ideal for couple. 308 Camp
bell street, one block from postof
fice In Warren. Phone 417. Jn-2
FOR RENT Nice clean, cool rooms,
good board, $30. 56 Upper Lowell,
, across second track from Lowell
depot. M-ll
FOR RENT Two three-room houses,
screened porch, partly furnished,
i Gilbert, . 50 Laundry hill, or phone
824. M-ll
FOR RENT Five-room house. Wm.
Buckett, 35 Oak avenue, Mason hill.
M-3-tf
FOR RENT Four-room furnished
house. 170 Opera Drive. Mrs. Han-
ley. ' M-141
FOR RENT Garage. App:y David
Playfair, 98 Mason hill. Phone Blue i
647. A-27-tf
FOR RENT Two, three-room apart
. stents in Boston flats. One three
room apartment, furnished, $20 per
month, on car line, near Lincoln
school. Collins & Bretherton. A-17tf
FOR . REIT Four room nouse. In
quire Tammany hall, or 83 Young
blood hill. M-19-tf
FOR RENT 8000 square fet flooi
space. Suitable for warehouse, cen
trally located in business district.
Address W. H.f Review. 2-db
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished :
rooms, 12 Jiggerville. M-8 j
nr. T. . ,
run. iitii i i.ou acres goou pasture,
rlenty of water, also cattle for sale.
Care Review. M-9
Luut
LOST One Airedale dog, dark hair,
weight about 50 pounds, has Lowell
license No. 2 on collar. ' Please take
to M. W. Powell at C. & A. ware
house and receive reward. M-8
LOST Gold wrist watch, monogram
"B. L." Liberal reward. Return to
Miss Lippert, care Review. M-6-tf
LOST Or . taken by mistake from
Phelps Dodge store Monday morn
ing, a bundle of dry goods. Please
return to P. D. store. M-8
Spring cleaning time is here. Line
the shelves and boxes with paper.
They can be had for 25c a bundle at
The Review office. . '
For Sale
FOR SALE 200 shares Northwestern
Inspiration. Box 692, Warren. M-14
FOR SALE 23 Barred Rock hens and
rooster, at a bargain. Mrs. W. Peter
son, Third addition, Warren. M-10
FOR SALE Furniture for three
rooms, reasonable. G. L. Adams, 12
Tank hill, above W. H. Brophy"s.
Phone Green 726. M-lx
FOR SALE Registered Jersey cow,
5 years old, fresh. Terms to re
sponsible party. P. O. Box 418," Bib-
bee. M-14
FOR SALE New sewing machine,
cheap for cash. 202 Naco road. M-14
FOR SALE Four-room furnished
house, also lot No. 3, Cochise Row,
Bakerville. M-14
FOR SALEr-Of flee furniture, six-room
house furnished or unfurnished,
close in. Room 7, - Sparks-Kline
building. M-10
FOR SALE: Furniture. of three-room
house. Party buying has privilege
of renting new . three-room house
with screen porch and bath. , Furni
ture practically new. - Mrs. Jones,
Bailey hill, rear of Anderson store,
Tombstone canyon. M-10
FOR SALE Four-room furnished
house in perfect condition. For par
ticulars call 100 Warren hill, Tomb
stone canyon. M-14
FOR SALE One two-room house, fur
nished. Price $750 cash,. above 51-B
O. K. street. Otto Johnson. M-8
FOR SALE Ford touring car, 1918
model, perfect engine. Price $375,
terms. Ford garage, Johnson addi
tion. M-7-tf
FOR SALE Pedigree Airedale male
pup, six months old. Phone Green
799. . m-13
I-
FOR SALE Three-room furnished
house. Call 75 O. K. street. M-10
FOR SALE A bargain, five-room
house, four lots, chicken yard, trees,
$550, $250 cash, balance terms; also
fine Jersey cow and furniture. 100
School hill, High road. M-ll
FOR SALE Four-year-old Holstein
cow, across street, from M. Leven,
the Taylor, Naco road. A. Ugria,
Lowell. M-8
FOR SALE One eight-room house,
Bakerville. Inquire at American
Cash grocery, Bakerville. M-9
FOR SALE Best buy, Overland, Big
Four, in good condition ; also five
passenger touring car, Ford. Sell
. cheap. . Apply at Brophy garage, Lo
well.. . M-8
FOR SALE Modern four-room
cement house, Warren hospital slop,
Boulevard. M. Barnes. M-ll
FOR SALE Six-room house in War
ren, all conveniences, close to car
line, furnished, $2675; unfurnished,
$2450. L W. Wallace. . M-8
FOR SALES Seven-room house with
bath and sewerage connected. 91
Jiggerville, above the big bridge.
M-13
OR SALE Or will trade tor Bisbee
property. One lot in Los Angeles,
45x135. Best residence section, all
Improvements. Jotin P. Steffes.
Phone Red 867. 2-25-ti
FOR SALE Watches and diamonds
left in pawn at second hand prices.
Liberty bonds and war stamps casn
ed. - Reliable house, United Loan
Jewelry company, Brewery Gulch.
A-5-tf
rOR SALE Uncalled for suits M.
Levin, Lowell, Ariz. ' 597
Wanted
WANTED Dressmaking and plain
sewing to do. Mrs. Clara Jarboe,
School hill, house No. 208. M-14
WANTED Carpenters. Apply new
P. D. garage, Johnson addition.
M-8-tf
WANTED Competent D. E. book
keeper, capable of opening and clos
ing set of books, business state
ments, etc. Prefer young married
man. Good salary and fine chance
for promotion to right man. State
age, experience, references and sal
ary expected. A. P.-Co., Review.
M-8-tf
WANTED Widow desires position
as housekeeper. Box 61, Bisbee.
M-10
WANTED Dressmaking and plain
sewing to do. Mrs. Clara Jachoe,
School hill, house No. 208. M-13
WANTED To buy couple milk cows,
must be fresh. Address Box 2000,
XJiOUCC.
M-13
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Middle aged woman for
general housework and to care for
children. $40 per month, room and
board. Inquire at San Francisco res
taurant, Brewery Gulch. M-13
WANTED An experienced girl as
waitress. Call at 56 Upper Lowell.
M-8
If The Review does not
reach you properly phone the
Circulation Department.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
STOCKS AND BONDS
NEW YORK. May 7. Resumption
of business in the stock exchange to
day was signalizes Dy another out
burst of speculative enthusiasm which
gathered momentum with the progress
of the session as a result of develop
ments upon which traders placed a
favorable interpretation.
Chief among these were the an
nouncement of an eany extra session
of congress, publication of a summary
of the peace treaty, and signs of dis
tinct improvement in several leading
lines of industry, notably steel and
copper.
Rails as a whole were the only im
portant issues which failed to share
proportionately in the advance, al
though investment transportations
registered further substantial gains
under leadership of Canadian Pacific
and coalers.
The sluggish course of United
States Steel which fluctuated only
fractionally and closed at a nominal
loss, was the most striking exhibition
of the strength of independent steels
and affiliated equipments, some of
which were higher by 2 to 5 points.
Oils and shippings eclipsed all other
shares, however, followed by motors
and their subsidiaries.
Strength was shown by utility bonds
the general bond list, including Liber
ty and . international issues, easing
variably Total sales, par value, ag
gregated $16,850,000.
Old. United" States bonds were un
changed on xalj. '
CHICAGO,; May 7. Acute weakness
ness developed in the corn market to
day notwithstanding that upturns
were the rule. Reports that millers
had stopped buying wheat exercised
a notable bearish influence and so,
too. did the fact that rye was selling
at a big discount under corn. The
market closed unsettled, c to 54c
net lower with' July 11.64U to Sl.64
and September $1.58 to S1.58T&. Oats
finished up c up to c down and
provisions varying from 25c decline
to an advance of 2c.
LIBERTY BONDS
NEW YORK. Mav 7. Closing. 3U's
$98.60 first .4's. $95.90: second 4's.
$94.26; first 4i's, $95.90; second Hi's
$94.30; third 4V4's $95.44; fourth 414's
$94.38.
THE METAL MARKET
e NEW YORK. May 7. Copper quiet,
Dut steadier; electrolytic 1515c.
iron, quit and unchanged.
Lead, steady, spot $4.754.90; June
$4.754.95.
Spelter, firm; East St. Louis deliv
ery; spot $5.90; July $6.006.10.
At London, May 6 (delayed) Spot
copped. 76; 12s, 6d; electrolytic, 80;
tin 227; 17s 6d;; lead, 24 spelter 34d;
10s.
THE COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK,' May 7.-Cotton closed
steady at a net decline of 19 to 25
points. October sold off from 25.02 to
Help Wanted Male
WANTED Grocery clerk. Must be
experienced. Address Box 1491.
M-10
WANTED Experienced bookkeeper
and cashier who can furnish bond.
Prefer young married man. Oppor-!
tunity for advancement. Box 11 care
Review. M-6-tf
WANTED Boys to learn paper '
routes, as substitute carriers.
Chance to have route of your own
later. References must be furnish
ed. Only honest and energetic boys
need apply. See Circulation Man
ager, Bisbee Daily Review. A-17-tf
WANTED Boys to sell papenTon the
streets. Lots of boys are making .
big money on the streets every
morning by a few hours selling The
Bisbee Daily Review. The paper is
ready for you from 4 a. m. "The
early bird catches the worm."
A-17-tf
Miscellaneous
I HAVEA LARGE BLOCK OF IRRRI
gated land near Las Cruzes, N. Mex..
and will sell any size tract on terms
at $75 an acre. Have other business
and wish to dispose of land. Many
Bisbee people have bought from me
and all are on their land and satis
fied. Ask them. J. H. Hipdon,
owner, 3110 Bisbee street. El Paso,
Texas. M-14 ,
PARTY WHO PICKED UP PURSE
at Miners & Merchants bank Is
known. Return to bank and no
questions asked. M-8
FURNISHED APARTMENTS For
confinement or sickness at $10 per
room. Inquire Mrs. A. Ziglar, nurse,
Room 6, Harney block, Johnson ad
dition. Phone Black 542. M-v
GOSSARD CORSETS Now sold at
Room 17, Letson hotel. All corsets
carefully fitted by Ines WarbuVton.
A26-M26
WE SOAK THE CLOTHES, NOT
THE CUSTOMER Wet wash, five
cents per pound. Standard Laundry.
Phone 57. M-7
GOSSARD CORSETS Now sold at
Room 17, Letson hotel. All corsets
carefully fitted by Ines Warburton.
M-26
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A, School. Los
Angeles," , about Auto,' Radio, Cotn
mercUl d'nd Engineering courses. '
Train for service. - 268
WEXL CASH YOUR LIBERTY
Bonds and W. S. S. Room No. 7.
Sparks Kline building. A-6-tf
GOLDEN HOTEL Steam heat, out
sida roc-ms, ruuuing water, special
laics to permanent guests. M-lU-tf ,
LEASED WIRE
24.40, or 58 points net lower and clos
ed 24.58.
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Closing Quotat'ons May 7, 1919
NEW YORK
American Can J .
American Car
American Beet Sugar
American Locomotive
American Smelters
Allis
American Linseed
Baltimore and Ohio
Baldwin Locomotive
Bethlehem Steel
C. and O. ..." . . .. ,
Central Leather
Corn Products
C. F. and I
Canadian Pacific
Crucible Steel ;
Erie
Goodrich
General Motors
Industrial Alcohol
Maxwell Motors
Marine
Marine pfd,
Midvale
Mexican Petroleum
New York Central
Northern Pacific
Oklahoma Products
Pennsylvania
Pan-American
Pierce Oil
Reading
Rrbber
Republic Steel
Studebaker .
Steel
St. Paul
55
96y
82
77
75
41
59
50
93
74
65
81
63
44
169
70
17
72 y4
181
150
43
44
114
45
175
76
94
10
44
86
25
87
98
83
77
98
38:
107
67
249
90
124
112
63
23
37
23
41
51
51
37
33
20
13
78
1.00
33
11
59
370
43
8
67
5
1
3
56
10
9
47
17
57
2!i
13
1
8
5
5
12
54
24
16
12
.
17
15
1.00
1
3
44
4 .
5
Southern Pacific
Sinclair Oil
Texas Oil
Tobacco Products .'
Kelly Tire
Royal Dutch American
NEW YORK COPPERS
Anaconda
Butte
Chino
Chill
Green Can ..."
Inspiration
Kennec'ott
Miami .'
Old Dominion
Ray Con . .
Shattuck
Utah
BOSTON COPPERS
Adventure
Allouez
Arizona Coml
C. and A. '.
C. and H '.
C. Range
East Butte -
Granby .
Hancock i.
Kee
Lake
Mohawk
North Butte ...-.
Nip .1..'.
Osceola
Pond Creek '.
Quincy
Shannon
Shattuck '
Sup and Boston
Utah Cons
Mass
Kerr
Ventura
Shoe Manufacturing
Roy
Wolv
NEW YORK CURBS
Big Iedge
Butte and London
California and Jerome
Cornelia ".
Con Arizona
Denn
Dundee
Emma
Gadsden
Green Monster
Hull Copper
Howe Sound
Hecla ,
Iron Caps
Jerome Verde ".' .
Magma Copper
Miami Con
Porphyry
United Eastern
Verde Extension
Verde Combination
Wright Martin
Cosden
Federal Oil
Glen Rock
Island Oil .'. . .
Mid West Rfg
Okmulgee
Curtlss
Cresson
Elk Basin ,
West States
LIBERTY BONDS
3"s
Firs; 4's ;
Second 4's i
First 414's
pecond 4Vi's ..i
Third 4V's
Fourth 4's
31
10
490
36
4
9
3
7
8
192
2
11
5
10
90
$98.60
95.80
94.30
96.00
94.30
95.42
94.32
OATMAN
(By Collins &. Bretherton)
Bid Ask
Argo 6
Adams 8
Arizona Rex 5
Arizona Tom Reed 3
Big Jim Cons 13 14
Boundary Cone 3
Gol Ore 5 6
C'jld Road Itoianza ;; 4
Co'.d Cliff 15
Lucky Boy 8 0
Suioyside 5 ti
Telluride 18 20
Tern Reed l.7 1.6S
United Eastern 4.SS
UnKwl .; Western 4, '!5
Red' Lion . . ' 20
OTHER CURBS
CUdsdcn 3.25 3.50
Urepii Monster 37 50
Mutte London 11 13
Dundee 75 1.00
Venture Hill 6 7
Jerome Verde 56 C2
Ark: u i: as Arizona in
Hull Cupper 40 44
Baseball Results
American League
STANDING OF THE TEAMS
Clubs Won. Lost. Pet.
Chicago 9 2 .818
Cleveland : 6i 4 .600
New York 5 4 .556
Washington 6 5 .545
Boston 5 5 .500
St. Louis 3 7 .300
Philadelphia 3 7 .300
Detroit 3 8 .273
AMERICAN LEAGUE
St. Louis, 2; Cleveland, 4
CLEVELAND, May 7. The score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 2 8 0
Cleveland 4 9 1
Batteries Gallia and Severeid; Uhl
and Nunamaker.
Detroit, 3; Chicago, 9
CHICAGO. May 7. The score:
R. H. E.
Detroit 3 9 2
Chicago 9 11 1
Batteries Erlckson, Cunningham
and Ainssmith; Faber and Schalk.
Washington-Boston game postponed,
cold weather.
New York-Philadelphia, rain.
National League
STANDING OF THE TEAMS
Clubs Won. Lost. Pet.
Brooklyn . . 8 .1 .889
Cincinnati 9 3 .750
Chicago .. 7 3 .700
New York 6 3 .667
Pittsburg 5 5 .500
Philadelphia 4 5 .444
St. Louis . .. . 4 9 .308
Boston 1 9 .100
NATIONAL LEAGUE
All games postponed.
Pacific Coast League
STANDING OF THE TEAMS
Clubs Won. Lost. Pet.
Los Angeles 19 9 .679
Sacramento 15 11 .577
San Francisco 16 12 .571
Vernon 12 n .522
Oakland 12 12 .500
Salt Lake 12 14 .462
Seattle 9 15 .375
Portland 8 18 .308
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE
Sacramento, 3; Salt Lake, 1
SACRAMENTO, May 7. The score:
R. H. E.
Salt Lake 1 6 1
Sacramento 3 3 1
Batteries Leverenz and Spencer;
Vance and Murray.
Sart Francisco, 7; Los Angeles, 5
LOS ANGELES, May 7. The score:.
R. H. E.
San Francisco 7 11 1
Los Angeles 5 10 1
Batteries Couch, Baum and Brooks,
Fittery and Lapan.
Portland, 3; Seattle, 2
PORTLAND, May 7. The score:
R. H. E.
Seattle 2 6 0
Portland 3 6. 0
Batteries Mains, Bowman and
Schang; Coleman, Pennington, Old
ham and Baker.
Oakland, 2; Vernon, 1
SAN FRANCISCO, May 7. The
score: R. H. E.
Vernon 1 3 0
Oakland ,...2 6 1
Batteries Houck and DeVormer;
Kramer and Mitze.
SOUTHERN ASSOCIATION
Mobile, 4; Atlanta, 2.
New Orleans, 2; Birmingham, 5.
Memphis-Chattanooga, wet grounds.
Little Rock-Nashville, wet grounds.
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION
Toledo, 2; Milwaukee, 1.
Columbus, 3; St. Paul. 5.
Louisville, 2; Minneapolis. 3.
Indianapolis, 5; Kansas City, 8.
WESTERN LEAGUE
All games postponed, rain.
Magma Chief 37 40
Wolv Arizona 1.87 2.00
Verde Combination 50 62
Miami Consolidated 2 10
Night Hawk 1.00
Grand Island 15 17
Kay Copper 1.00
Pitts Mfg ... 2.50
Nacozari Consolidated .. . 38 40
Con Copper Mines 4.75 5.00
California and Jerome 37 50
Feather River 16
Ariz-Okla Oil and Gas l.OO
The most important news
from all parts of the world is
flashed by telegraph direct to
The Review's office. It is all
ready for you at breakfast
time.
Spring cleaning time is here. Line
the shelves and boxes with paper.
They can be had for 25c a bundle at
The Review office.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Reapectfully 8dllclt Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER & STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence. Black 333
Si
M. O. B. Joyful,
Somewhere, U. S. A.
Come back. All is for
given. You can even
use my shears.
Editor ( )
SHERLOCK HOLMES, JR.
"Ma, I think baby swallowed that
little bell. Shall I shake her and see?"
Judge.
DOC GOT THE MONEY
Redd the doctor said he'd have me
on my feet in a fortnight.
Greene And did he?
"Sure. I've had to sell my automo
bile." Yonkers Statesman.
FIRST AID
"Man overboard! Throw him a life
preserver."
"Who is it?"
"Kelly."
"Throw him an anchor." Judge.
THE PENALTY
"How about that telephone girl who
married for love?"
"The line's still busy."
"What do you mean?"
"She's doing the family washing."
Birmingham Age-Herald.
A GENTLEMAN OF LEISURE
"Mandy, do .you want a divorce irom
Uncle Ned?"
"I sho' do, jedge Dat nigger ain't
no 'count,' nowhow;
"It's a case of incompatibility, I sup
pose?" "Well, jedge, if settin' in de sun
when de sun .shines an'- settin' by de
fire when de win' blows an' eatin' me
out o' house an' home is dat incom ;
whut you said, den I sho' has got dat :
kind o' case against 'im." Birming- i
ham Age-Herald. , '
KINDNESS ITSELF
A conscientious objector said when
he was drafted: "I couldn't fight, sir. !
Oh, no, sir; I couldn't kill anything."
The recruiting officer looked stead- i
ily at the pale, lank, writhing creature.
"Couldn't you kill a German?" he
asked. '
"Oh, no, sir," said the conscientious j
objector. "Oh, no, indeed, sir. Why, !
sir, ma ordered me to drown some kit- i
tens last week, and the poor little I
things cried so much I just had to j
warm the water for them." Argonaut, i
SHE KNEW
An Evansville mother and her two
children were visiting her sister's
home for the evening. The grown
niece, who was fond of the children,
fed them candy. All at once she turned
from the children to offer her young
aunt some gum. The aunt smiled.
"No, I don't believe I care for any,"
she returned.
Then -Nola, the 7-year-old cousin,
spoke up. .
"Yes, you do. too, mother," she
piped. "You know you always beg us
children for seme of ours on the way
home from here every time we comc-
Indianapolis News.
' SETTLED
Ma No, she will not become en
gaged until she is
Pa But, my dear woman, she may
not get the chance when she is 20. 1
Ma Well, then, she will remain 20
until she does. Sydney Bulletin.
Spring cleaning time Is here. Line
the shelves and boxes with paper.
They, can be had for 25c a bundle at
The Review office.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
O K ST.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Qpposlte Depot
PHONES 640 and 59.
Liberty Bonds
and War Stamps Cashed
UNITED LOAN JEWELRY CO.
Reliable House
BREWERY GULCH
Copper Queen Hotel and High-Class Cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular LW.rd Lv the month, $45.00
, HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & C" , ""ston, Ouluth, Calumet
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW Yui.is AND CHICAGO '
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
Ji Vrlte today for booklet
receiving deposits by
sa era
3
w
DR. PLAYFAIR
Osteopath
98 Mason Hill ; Phone Blue 647
Mason 'hhI Car Stop
' '
J. D. BAUER
LAWYER
Legal Papers 'and Collections
General Law Business
LOWELL, ARIZ. PHONE 34b
Two Kinds of Kodak Work Glass
and Dull
BOTH THE BEST
Family Groups, Baby Photos, General
PHOTOGRAPHY
A Trial Convinces You Will Do Better
-At the- ECHO STUDIO
Near Castle Rock New Management
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
COAL
. WOOD
HAY
GRAIN
Chicken Feed
Phone 121 Office Below
Copper Queen Hotel
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize La
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
A Man
Can Borrow
Money on
What lie
Puts Into
A Home
He Can't on
What He
Pays Out
For Rent
Bisbee Lumber
Company
(Incorporated)
E. MARKS, Manager
Lowell Car Stop Phone 25
"B," explaining our system of
mail, 4r,e compound interest pAid EIGHT
THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, MAY 8, 1919
ETORY
VARR
LOAN N
EN DISTRICT
HAS BANNER DAY
Reports recfived from locai banks
yesterday Indicated that the total sub
scriptions to the Victory loan during
the day would exceed any previous
day thus far reported, and according
to Chairman Gaines the Warren Dis
trict kept pace wilh the rest of the
country in the sudden impetus which
the loan gained yesterday throughout
the country.
An early telephone message from
John Towner at Xaco reported Naco
over the top with her quota and still
going. Inasmuch as the majority of
the districts have lagged behind dur
ing the early days of the drive, addi
tional reports are reassuring, and ac
cording to local loan headquarters the
average of Cochise county is het:er
than the counties of Northern Arizona
that lie in the' 12th Federal reserve
district.
Last week Bowie went over the top
with her quota of ?13,500 and a few
days later Benson reported to head
quarters it had reached its quota.
This does not mean that the' quota
for the Uarren District is assured.
With practically $400,000 still to be
raised and with only three more days
in which to do it, the situation is still
critical and only the individual ef
forts of everyone during the last few
days of the drive will mean success.
Mr. Gaines still has confidence of the
loan succeeding, but wishes to poinL
out emphatically that the marshalling
of all the nergy of the community
will be necessary, and that the success
Of the Warren) District is Assured,
sured until every availabl dollar has
been combed from the district.
With a view of gathering expres
sians as to the local situation a re
porter set out yesteriay to sound out
public feeling in the matter. Here is
what some of them had to say:
Arthur Notman, superintendent of
mines, Phelps Dodge corporation: "It
seems to me if the people don't take
all the bonds they possibly can they'll
be taxed for it in the end. It isn't the
people who have wealth and, property
who stand all the taxes by any means.
Increased federal taxes mean increase
in cost of the necessities of life and
the poor man, as usual, will have to
bear the burdn. We must take the
bonds and hold them, but they've got
to be taken out of savings and not
from borrowings."
Mrs. A. W. Col ton, secretary Y. W.
C. A.: "All those who can afford to
buy bonds should do so and then hold
on to them. Those who can't afford
should get out and boost. This loan is
not going to fail by any means; when
the eleventh hour check is made if
there is a deficit patriotic men will
turn over their purse strings to the
government."
Judge James Allison: "It is a duty
'of everyone who can actually aftord.
It is part of 'the bargain we made
when we went" into the war and. it is
Just as important 'nbwtha"trpeace,bas
cpme if we are to realize the fruits
of victory and enter Into a new era of
prosperity."
B. W. Norton, fire chief: 'People
should subscribe more strongly than
FORMER BISBEEAN IS
CONVICTED IN CALIF.
William K. Cowling .mining opera
tor of Sloan, Cal., and former resident
of Bisbee, was found guilty of violat
ing the Mann act by a jury in the
United States district court at Sloan,
Cal., according to news dispatches.
(Sow ling was charged in an indictment
returned by the federal grand jury
with transporting Mrs. Myrna P.
Northcut of Riverside,"' Cal., from
Keno, Nev., to Sloan. She denied the
offense for which Cowling was con
victed. Cowling was at one time man
ager of the Postal Telegraph company
at Bisbee, which position he vacated
ten years ago. He was a visitor in
this district a short while back.
PERSHING COMPETES
IN U. S. RIFLE MEET
LEMANS, May 7. (By the Associ
ated Press.) In the presence of Gen.
John J. Pershing, commander in chief
of the American expeditionary forces
and' other high officers of the army,
the A. E. F. rifle, pistol and musketry
competition, considered the greatest
markmanship tournament in the his
tory of the United States army, was
opened on the d'Avours range, near
Lemans yesterday.
General Pershing, addressing the
contestants, said it was an honor to
be selected to compete in a contest of
this kind and spoke of the importance
of accurate shooting and the distinc
tion which skill with the rifle bestows
Upon its possessor.
He urged the officers and mef to
carry with them, whether their future
lay with the regular army, the nation
al guard or civilian life, the reminder
that painstaking training and pro
ficiency in the use o firearms is a
great national, as well as a great per
sonal asset.
TENTH CAVALRY BAND
AND BALL TEAM BOTH
TO PLAY HERE SUNDAY
With their regimental band of 4S
pieces and a record of two playing
years without a single defeat;, 'the
Tenth Cavalry baseball team under
the leadership of Lieutenant Boone
will invade Bisbee Sunday afternoon
and clash with the Warren District
sludgers at the Warren ball park at
2:30 p. m.
Immediately preceding the game
the Tenth Cavalry team and its root
ers will parade the streets of Bisbee
with the Regimental band in the lead,
knocking off the "Darktown Strutters
Ball" and a few other selections. Af
ter the parade the team will proceed
to the ball nark and prior to the game
will render a concert.
The lineup for the locals will be
nearly the same as the team which
met the Chicago Cubs a few weeks
ago and made them hustle to take the
long end of a 9 to 8 score. Vaughn,
Chicago's chief heaver, was sent back
to the bench after the locals had
pounded out six runs from his delivery
in the initial inning. For the locals
Oswald and Curley will occupy the
mound with Price on the receiving
end. Roy Brashear, formerly big
league star, and one of the most dan-
DEATH CAR DRIVER'S
HEARING POSTPONED
The preliminary hearing of II. L.
Brown, charged with manslaughter in
connection with the death of Philip
Jarcke. who was run down and killed
by an automobile in Lowell about ten
days ago, which was scheduled for 2
o'clock yesterday afternoon in the
court of Judge James Allison, was
postponed on account of attorneys for
the defense being out of the city. The
hearing is expected to be held some
time during the latter part of the
week
gercus hitters in the game, will cavort
at second.
The Tenth Cavalry during its long
stay on the borden and in Mexico
chasing Villa, has developed one of
the stronges: ball teams in the United
States Aimy, and their appearance
here on Sunday will give the locals a
chance to prove tlieir mettle.
The most important news
from all parts of the world is
flashed by telegraph direct to
The Review's office. It is all
ready for you at breakfast
time.
TO OUR SUBSCRIBERS
If the carrier fails to deliver your
Review, 'phone 39 and have us send
it, at our expense, by special mes
senger. . .
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Dtemonrfs, Jewelry, Etc
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE BREWERY GULCH
GREEKS AGAINST ITALY
SALONIKI, May 6. Greeks ftom
Strumnitza, who have taken refuge
here, have addressed a note to Presi
dent Wilson, Premier Lloyd George of
Great Britain and M. Venizelos, the
Greek prime minister, begging them
not .to permit Italy, which' has occu
pied Strumnitza, to follow the ex
ample of the Bulgarians, to perpetrate
cruelties against Greeks there.
NEW COMMISSION SCALE
NEW YORK, May 7 Readjustment
on a sliding scale of commission rates
on purchases and sales of securities,
recently recommended by the govern
ing committee of the stock exchange,
to meet increased cost of operations,
was adopted by the members by an
overwhelming vote today, the new
scale becoming efefctive tomorrow.
The advance varies according to tne
market prices of the securities.
ever now that we have won the vic
tory and the misery and suffering is
over. We should show our apprecia
tion to the boys who wen: over the
seas and who lay down their lives and
shed their blood that we might live."
Rev. Charles W. Harshman: "There
never was so much reason for buying
Liberty bonds as now. If the war was
still . on we would buy readily and
liberally. Thankfulness that the war
i3 over should make us doubly ready
to finish paying for the job. Buy
another bond and after you've bought
it hold onto it."
Tips of the Town
TO THE COAST
Mrs. Fred Harris left last night on
the Golden State Limited for Lo3 An
geles, where she will spend the summer.
TO VISIT SPRINGS
Mr. U. S. Grant left yesterday for
Murietta Hot Springs, where he will
remain for some time.
'
CHARGED WIH AUTO THEFT
Charged with stealing an automo
bile belonging to L. E. Gates of Low
ell, Samuel Western, a?e ID years, ap
peared in Judge J. L. Winters' court
yesterday. The complaint alleges
that Western entered an automobile
standing in Lowell on the night of
May 2, and that he drove off in it, but
was arrested by deputy sheriffs at St.
David. He waived preliminary hear
ing to appear in the superior court at
Tombstone some day this week.
men held him and robbed him of sev
eral hundred dollars and a diamond
ring. Jack Carey, one of the six
men arrested, was found guilty T)y
jury last week and will be sentenced
this week. Attorney Murry represent
ed Winstead.
BRAKEMAN FOUND GUILTY.
C. Bullington. a brakeman on the
Southern Pacific railroad, who was
charged with assaulting and robbing
a Mexican, was found guilty in the su-
j perior court yesterday, According to
tne evidence given, a negro ana a
Mexican boarded the train at Tucson
for which they paid Bullington ?1
each. When near Willcox, it was testi
fied. Bullington assaulted the men and
then robbed them of their money.
Judge Lockwood will pass sentence
later this week.
NEW FURNITURE IN COURT ROOM
The court room of Judge Winters
presents a neat appearance now that
a rug and new chairs have been add
ed to the room.
TO CHICAGO
T. F. Mareiette left last night for
Chicago, where he will attend the mar
riage of his daughter:
TO TRY MURDER CASE THIS
WEEK.
The trial of R. Sheneworth, who Is
charged with killing McDowell, on his
ranch at Rodeo several weeks ago.
Will be ehard in the superior cour?
this week. ,
TO TALK ON OVERSEAS
EXPERIENCES.
At the luncheon to be given by the
Warren District Business Men's asso
ciation at the Copper Queen hotel to
day. Dr. R. Ferguson will give a talk
of his experiences while in France.
Dr. Ferguson is a member of the
Phelp3 Dodge medical staff.
FINED FOR SPEEDING.
William Coles and Frank Massen
gale were fined ?25 each in Judge J.
L. Winters' court yesterday for speeding.
LAND LAW DECLARED NOT
VALID
A telegram was received by John
Twomey yesterday from Louis B.
Whitney .assistant attorney general,
who states that he won the cases on
tfie land bill. Whitney says "Pattee
holds emergency measure not law
without governor's signature. Cattle
growers were represented by five
lawyers, Including Curley from Tucson."
PLEAD NOT GUILTY. .
J. W. Johnson, alias Thomas Dens
more, charged with violaon of the
vice laws, pleaded not guilty in Judge
Winters' court yesterday. His pre
liminary hearing was set for 11 o'clock
this morning. Mrs. Carl Richardson,
charged with a similar offense, also
pleaded not guilty. Her preliminary
was set for 2 o'clock this afternoon.
JURY FINDS WINSTEAD NOT
GUILTY,
A jury in-thf superior court yes
terday found V. Winstead, charged
with highway; robbery, not guilty.
Winstead was;rrested with six other
men following a complaint filed by
In oBttoms, who alleges that the
BASEBALL
SUNDAY, MAY 11, 1919
2:30 P. M.
Warren District
vs.
Tenth Cavalry
48 Piece Band
Admission 50c
Including War Tax
AND T
EATKE
Artcraft Special COMING Special Artcraft
Saturday & Sunday
Spoif fling
7 f
SEE
THE WORLD'S MOST FAMOUS. RACE THE
ENGLISH DERBY! A BIG THRILLING PRIZE
FIGHT AT AN EXCLUSIVE LONDON CLUB! FULL
OF EXCITEMENT, INTRIGUE EVERYTHING
YOU CAN THINK OF BIG PLOTS, BIG SCENES
AND BIG THRILLS. , ;
DON'T MISS THIS TREMENDOUS PICTURE
ll ioi
eatre
OS
TONIGHT TONIGHT TONIGHT TONIGHT
AT 8:15 P. M.
HEAR
TPT1!1 VTft T1. TIT
lee 'Beach law
America's Premier Prima Donna Soprano
SING
Ophelia's Mad Scene from Hamlet
(In Costume)
also
Who is Sylvia . Schubert
The Lass with the Delicate Air.'.; Arbe
II Primo Amore : Widor
Le Soir Thomas
Laughing Song .-.... Auber
Venice and Naples (Tarrantella and Colzotte- Liszi
. Miss Lay
When Celia Sings .....Frank Moir
The Robin Neidlinger
Lingering, Lonely Rose Sibella
Montanina Alpine Pastoral) Buzzi-Peccia
Red, Red Rose Cottenet
The Skylark , E. B. Yav
Spring's Invitation 1 E. B. Yaw
Prelude from Suite Moderne Whiting
Spring Joy v Wolff
Etude on Keltic Themes Cyril Scott
MISS YAWS BOUQUET SOLD FOR $1,000.00 for
the VICTORY LIBERTY LOAN at PHOENIX on
Tuesday night
MISS GEORGIELLA LAY
Accompanist
ADMISSION $1.50, $1.00, 75c PLUS WAR TAX
TEXAN RESPONDS TO
APPEAL IN REVIEW
The fact that Bisbee is not the only
place where The Review carries its
news and messages to the public is
A'inced from a letter received from
Breckenridge, Texas, in response to
The Review's appeal for funds to as
sist the Jarcke family, whose five-year-old
sou Philip was run down and
killed by an antomobile in Lowell
alxmt (en days ago. Following is the
letter which inclosed a check for $2
which was mailed to Mrs. A. W. Col
ton, secretary. Young Women's Chris
tian association:
"Breckenridge, Texas, Mav 2, 1919.
"Mr3. A. W. Colton:
"Just received a 1 isbee Review and
noticed the article regarding the ac
cident which took the life away from
little Philip Jarcke. While I am now
at this place still I have business in
terests in Lowell and consider the
Warren District my home. I enclose
herewith a check for $2 to help the
Jarcke family and in case you need
uny more let me know and 1 will
send it. Respectfully yours,
"SOL. J. MORGENSTKIN."
I
Today and every day read
Review Classified ads.
v
mm upset?
Get at the Real Cause Take Dr.
Edwards' Olive Tablets
That's what thousands of stomach
sufferers are doing now. Instead of
taking tonics, or trying to patch up a
poor digestion, they are attacking the
real cause of the ailment clogged liver
and disordered bowels.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets arouse tha
liver in a soothing, healing way. When
the liver and bowels are performing thc
natural functions, away goes indigestion
and stomach troubles.
If you have a bad taste in your
mouth, tongue coated, appetite poor,
lazy, don't-care feeling, no ambition or
energy, troubled with undigested foods,
you should take Olive Tablets, the sub
stitute for calomel
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets are o
purely vegetable compound mixed with
olive oiL You will know them by their
olive color. They do the work without
griping, cramps or pain. e
Take one or two at bedtime for quick
relief, so you can eat what you like.
At 10a and 25c per box.. All druggist
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 121
Fire Insurance
Auto Insurance
Real Estate
Legal Blanks
Office below
Copper Queen Hotel
C. H. HOGAN
'PHONE 121
WE HAVE THE FOLLOWING
OIL STOCK FOR SALE
Texas Crude
Central Oil Company
Lucky 5 No. 2
Invader Oil & Refining
also
Holbrook Oil Claims
F. BRIGGS & CO.
- Phone 701
P. O. Box S007 LOWELL, ARIZ.
CHILDREN
VICR'S VAPORUl
"YOUR BODYGUARD" -30f.60.T.20
Should not be "dosed"
for colds apply the
outside treatment
TT
Today
11
THEATER
Jesse L. Lasky Presents
17 Continuous
IV -J V From
Z 1:00 to 11:00
P. M.
G
ddiee Farrar
-la-
TU!7
DEVIL-S
TONE
An Artcraft Picture
Also a Triangle Comedy in two reels, with Fatty Arbuckle and Al. St. John in
1 116
w
aifcer;
A SCREAM
Admission Lower Floor, 15c Balcony, 10c Reserved Seats 25c. Plus the War Tax
Children Under 12 Years, 10c
Continuous
ltoll
nm
i neatr
TODAY
And Friday
Two
nP THE i
Ph4oAraDhl
vim cut or ur
MMCWIU
' 5-Pairt Features
Original W
' l c-,. 1a jrr j f.-iJ 5rJ
Last
Installment
of
Cannibals of
the South Seas
'CapturedbytheCannibals'
See These Remarkable Scenes
Selecting Lrides for Marriage Burying Old People Alive Facing the
Cannibal Monster Ambushed by Naked Savages The King with
Sixty Wives Escaping From Human Animals Face to Face with a
Man-Eater A Wake Which Lasts Forty Days At a Cannibalistic
Religious Service Chancing Death for Moving Pictures When the
Savage Shows His Teeth Alone in a Jungle with Savages Pretty
Woman Dares Cannibals Through a Path of Skulls.
Also
. Metro Presents
Edith Storey
In the Thrilling 5-Act Photoplay
i
"THE DEK
A Thrillyig Drana of Love and
Danger
(From the Papular Novel by
C. N. Williamson)
Other Attractions
, A Good Comedy and Music
by Orchestra
Admission Children, 10c
Adults, 25c. Any Seat.
This Includes War Tax
E3
i
ill
wiiiuh Term jmrnitt
tops mm
HrLQCrAlft U.SA
Coming Saturday
The Dare-Devil-of
flie Screen
In his first big special production of a six-part Western
drama, featuring the man who never fakes.