Register today for City Paving Election. Books Will Close March 13th.
f?
WEATHER
i
COPPER PRICE
J Wed. and Thurs. gen
erally fair; not much
J chanee in temperature.
Mar. S, M. & E. Jour
nal, quotation, 11.77.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL. 21, NO. 260.
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, ' WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Tj
v ly M
1 1 i
r
rpij no
$il urn
ATTACKS
SHEV
fiff
K8H ID)
l3
1
y
4
!
1
1 -
LEAGUE OF NATIONS COVENANT INDORSED BY W. J. BRYAN;
CHARGES OF GROSS FAVORITISM ARE HURLED AT BAKER
1
T0FI1IE
RAILROADS
Foundation of Machinery to
Provide Loans Laid by Con
ference With Rail Heads
Special Committee Headed by '
Howard Elliott, President ,
of N. P., to Handle Plans!
(By Review Leased Wire)
. WASHINGTON'. March 11 Railroad
executives and government represen-
tatives today laid the foundation for j
the machinery tnrough which loans of ?
banks and the war finance corporation '
will be made available to railroads
during the next few months in lieu 1
of the funds which congress failed to
provide. j
After the conference between a j
number of leading railway corpora-j
tion officers and officials of the war
finance corporation and railroad ad-,
ministration, a special finance cohi-
mittee oi seven headed by Howard Ei-'
lio.t, president of the Northern Pa
cific, was created by the railroad exec-:
utives to co-operate with government
agencies as a clearing Louse for fin-J
ancial arrangements. ' j
Sherley Named Director
German Fleet
Limit Will Be
15,000 Sailors
LONDON. March 11.
British Wireless Service)
The personnel of the Ger
man fleet is to be restricted
to fifteen thousand, the su
preme council has decided,
according to press dis
patches from Paris. The
military conditions to be im
posed on Germany include
guarantees that no tanks
will be built and no more
poison gas manufactured,
and that all German war
material must be handed
over and destroyed. It is
added that allied commis
sions will supervise the car
rying out of these conditions.
wra IS PAID
IT
ROYfl
HE
AW LI
DISPUTE IS
REOPENED
Ansell Submits Letter to
Banker Answering Charges
. of Crowder in Controversy
Gould Declares Demotion of
Former General Caused
Solely by His Testimony
Salute Usually Given Only to
Kings Honors President
On Way to France
ON HOARD THE U. S. S. GEORGE
WASHINGTON. March 11. (By vwire-
Swagar bnerley of Louisville, vao iess to the Associated Press.) Prasi
has just retired after serving 16 years j dent Wilson, with no trace of his re
in the house of representatives, re- j cent cold, arose early today. He tn
cently as chairman of the house ap- swered wireless messages which he
propriations committee, was appointed had received from Paris,
.by Director General Hines as directoi Three of the four destroyers which
of the railroad administration's di- accompanied the George Washington
vision of finance, succeeding John j from New York parted company with
Skelton Williams, resigned. On Mr. tne president's ship, sailing for the
Sherley, who will take office April 15, Azores during the night. The fqu'-th
will fall much cf the work of adminis- went todav. four destroyers from
tering the financial plans yet to bejthe A20re3 are expected to join the
developed. ! George Washington some time duing
An important feature of the fm- j tte day
ancial mechanics of the arrangements i "a ' ' M , . .
moia mo., ha tha leinQnra htf thfl I The president received a wireless
L.U wri Allans uia j kt, vuv w; t. - j .
roiimMH ,rfminwtntnn ,st rnvpnimt ! om a delegauon of the Cleveland
warrants for the amounts due them on
settlements of last year's accounts and
other debts.
Warrants as Collateral
These warrants, virtually certifi
cate of indebtedness, would not be
cashed until congress appropriates
funds at the next session, but would
Chamber of Commerce proceeding to
England on the Aquitania, conveying
greetings and best wishes. The pres
ident is receiving unusual courtesies
of the sea from passing ships. The
steamer Annam hove to until th&
George Washington had passed. This
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, March 11. Lieut
enant Colonel Samuel T. Ansell, for
mer acting judge advocate general,
submitted a statement to Acting Sec
retary Crowell tocay in reply to the
letter of Major General Enoch H.
Crowder, judge advocate general, to
Secretary Baker on the controversy
over the administration of military
justice . Because of certain references
concerning him made by General
Crowder. Colonel Ansell asked that hi3
statement be given the same publicity
as that of the judge advocate general.
Colonel Ansell's statement was not
made public Soon after it was sub
mitted. Representative Gould of Now
York, gave out copies of a letter he
wrote Secreatry Baker today regarding
the discharge of Colonel Ansell from
his war-time commission as a briga
dier general. Representative Gould
told the secretary he was "unable to
escape th econclusion that the war de
partment had. deliberately and ruth
lessly adopted this method of punish
ing a public spirited officer whose sole
offence was against a powerful and
selflcentered clique In your depart
ment, in that he answered a summons
which he could not decline, and told
the congress of the United States the
truth about a matter it was clearly
the duty of congress to inquire into."
v Expect No Publicity
Many officers regard it as unlikely
tha,t Colonel Ansell's reply to General
Crowder will be made public until
Secretary Baker, now on a trip of
inspection of army camps with Gen
eral March, chief of staff, has been
salute is customarily given only to
serve as collateral for loans. The loans royalty. lhe Hoiianaia inquired as consulted and some officers doubt that
would be arranged by each railroad ' to the George Washington's progress. j deDartment will even then further'
company Individually with its bankers, , the crew wishing to approach andair a controversy between General
or in special cases with the wai fin-; cheer the president, but the vessels j crowder and a subordinate officer,
ance corporation. The railway execu-1 were too far apart. j particularly in view of the fact that
tives special committee together with ; The George Washington, with its ; the wnoe subject has been aubmit
the railroad administration's financial new high power wireless, is 6till com-j tC(J to the mspector general of the
agencies, would facilitate the negotia-. municating directly with Ottor Cliffs., armr Major General John L. Cham
Continued on Page Thrw , Maine. . .. , Deriajn for investigation. Colonel
.1 Ansell himself, cannot make public
bis letter 'without rendering himself
5 'liable to disciplinary proceedings.
Brigadier General Edward A. Kre-f
ger, designated as acting judge advo
cate general, is due at New York
COPENHAGEN, March 11. The ' the alleged conspiracy had wide rami- Thursday on the transport America.
German delegate are to start for fi cat ions and that the trials will be re- His arrival will permit -Gneral
Brussels Tuesday to learn the de- f plete with sensations. ! Crowder to start for Cuba to take vp
vision -of the allies concerning -the i "American bolshevism ' will be the work of advising the Cuban presi
turning over of the Georman me rcan- placed on trial for its life," the dls-'dent and government in the pending
tile fleet and the conditions cf the trict attorney said today. j revis!on of the elections laws and sys-
food supply that is to be given Ger-, . - tem on the island General Crowder
many in return. j DES MOINES, Iowa, March 11. An plans to sail Saturday.
Late News Bulletins
appeal for popular support of the '
Acts as Grand Jury
Korri lTho Polish national a, of ETr HTnrh5'itir. iri il 1 " ECl'pe OI me muuuu """S
PARIS, March 11. (French Wire- league of nations plan and a promise'
Warsaw, has approved by a unanimous Peyton C. March at a banquet in their ' has .not ,been disclosed the only infor-
winding up a busy 12 iu reBaru "au
reached the public being the brief
. j reference in General Crowders recent
STOCKHOLM. March 11. (Havas.) lter. In ordinary practice, the in-
tnn nnn mn Th dPTmtioa r.r the ift ' a p.ritiih cnnaiirnn hai rrivpii at spector general acts as a military
' . - :l ! Kt. t
vote a law calling to military service honor tonight
the classes from 1S&1 to 1836. inclu-. hour visit here
sive. It is reported that the measure '
will provide Poland with an army of j
it is added, strongly favored the law. Libau. according to advices received rand jury filing, after Investigation.
;here. On board the warships are mem-. recommendations that court martial
trirwTTA Vana Marrh 11 Ar. hor. nr si T!riti:) rrnnTnUsinn ! prceedmes be instituted in cases
rangements were completed tonight j whe-e disciplinary action is deemed;
for the calling in federal court here to- PARIS. March 11 (By the Associat- advisable.
morrow of the cases of 32 alleged td Press.) France has abandoned for It also is the duty of the inspector
members of the Industrial Workers of the present, at least, any hope of hav- general to make general investigations
the World who are accused of impli- ing her great war debt shared by the on questions referred to him and Gen
cation in an alleged plot to overthrow allies. It is authoritatively asserted eral Crowder's language might merely
the United States government and in- by one of the Americans attending mean that facts as to criticism brousht
stfcute a reign of terror similar to that the conference that what had been an against the military justice system,
prevailing in Russia. ' embarrassing possibility has been de chareine undue severity, are to be
According to Fred D. Robertson, initely eliminated from the delibera- marshalled for Secretary Baker's in
United States attorney for Kansas, tions; although it is possible that formation, rather than that the con
who will direct the prosecution, infor- j France might at some future time at-1 duct of any individual officer or otfi
mation has been obtained to indicate tempt to secure assistance. cers i3 to be examined.
''GREATEST STEP TOWARD
PEACE IN 1000 YEARS9'
Commoner Points Out Faults in Covenant,
but Declared It Should Be Amended
Slightly, Not Rejected
WASHINGTON, March 11. William Jennings
Bryan Issued a statement here tonight indorsing the
league of nation!, but suegested amendments to the
proposed constitution which among other things
would preserve specifically the Monroe doctrine, en
large the proportionate voting power of the United
States and make it clear that each member nation
might decide for itself whether it would support de
crees of the league's general council.
While pointing to imperfections, Mr. Bryan urged
that they should not be allowed to lead to rejection ot
the plan, declaring that risks to be run in accepting
the league were less than those involved in rejection
and returning ' to the eld ways ot blood and slaugh
ter." . ..
Mr. Bryan dictated the statement from his sick
bed at the home of friends, where he has been con
fined for nearly three weeks. He said the league ot
nations, "the greatest step toward peace in a thousand
years.' was taken from the thirty arbitration treaties
negotiated .by .the United States while he was secre
tary of state. It was not to be expected, he said, that
so great an idea would be made perfect in detail in
so short a. time and added that while President Wil
son "had done .the best he could." he would be helped
by in'telhg'ent and friendly criticism from the Amer
ican public"
Greatest Step Toward Peace in
. . -Thousand: Years, Bryan Declares
The statement, follows:
"The league of nations is the greatest step to
ward peace in a thousand years. The idea of substi
tuting reason for force in the settlement of interna
tional disputes is in itself an epoch-making advance.
The constitution of the league as announced provides
for three leagues which constitute in themselves an
advantage, the importance of which can scarcely be
estimated. Deliberation before war the investiga
tion of all disputes of their kind and character begin
hostilities begin.
"This almost ends war. The idea is taken from
the thirty treaties negotiated by the United States
with three-quarters of the world. Our nation, there
fore gives to the peace league its greatest piece ot
machinery. Second, the reduction of armaments will
make it impossible for a nation to prepare for war
without notifying the World of Its intention.
"Third, the abolition of secret treaties, which will
do much to prevent the combinations which lead to
war. If the league of nations did nothing more
than provide these three things our nation would
be justified in supporting it to the utmost.
Abolition of Secret Treaties
Pointed Out as Great Feature
"It is not to be expected that so great an idea as
the league of nations would be made perfect in de
tail in so short a time. There are defects that
should be corrected, and the fullest discussion of pro
posed amendments should be invited. The news
papers of France, Italy and Great Britain are not
backward in the expression of their views as to
changes that should be made. Why should the Amer
ican people be silent? Ours is the nation most influ
ential in the league, and most powerful because
most disinterested. Its people should help by free
and frank discussion to perfect the league. The presi
dent has done the best he could, but he will be aided
by intelligent criticism from those friendly to the
idea.
"I venture to point out certain amendments that
should in my judgment be made in the interest ot a
stronger and better league. First the basis of repre
sentation is not fair to the United States. A com
parison of voting strength will show that while our
nation is the most powerful In the combination
whether measured by population, wealth or moral
influence, it has no larger vote than nations much
inferior in population, wealth and influence. This
inequality ought, if possible, to be corrected, for
justice is the only foundation upon which any institu
tion can rest in permanent security.
Basis of Representation Is
Held Unfair to United States
' Second, the terms of admission to nations that
may desire to join hereafter are not fair. To require
a two-thirds vote to admit a new nation suggests the
social club, where a few black balls may keep out an
uncongenial applicant. This world league Is for the
wcrld. The president has well said that our nation
is not interested in a league unless all nations are in
it. The qualification for admission ought to be fixed
and then it ought to be made as easy as possible for
those who are qualified to gain admission. Under
no circumstances should the consent of more than a
majority be required for the admission of any quali
fied na'ion.
3 Reasons for League
As Seen by Bryan
m
"FIRST This almost ends war.
The idea is taken from the thirty treat
ies negotiated by the United States with
three-quarters of the world. Our na
tion, therefore, gives to the peace league
its greatest piece of machinery.
"SECOND The reduction of arm
aments will make it impossible for a
nation to prepare for war without noti
fying the world of its intention.
"THIRD The abolition of secret
treaties will do much to prevent the
combinations which lead to war. If the
league of nations did nothing more than
pc-'rle thf3; three things cur nation
would be justified in supporting it to
the utmost.
"The league of nations is the great
est step toward peace in a thousand
years.
:
The faults of the constitution are found to be in
its indeiiniteness rather than in things positively
objectionable. For instance, it is not stated with
sufficient clearness that the Monroe doctrine is pre
served. Our nation is not asking to be permitted co
assist in the settlement of European disputes and
therefore, it ought not to be asked to give up its para
mount influence in the western hemisphere as a con
dition precedent to its entry into the league, "hen,
too. it is not stated with sufficient clearness that
a league member is not required to become a manda
tory. It ought to be definitely stated that a nation
asked to become a mandatory is at liberty to accept
or decline. Again, it should be made clear that the
league is not to interfere in the internal affairs of the
nations belonging to the league. The league is for
the settlement of international disputes, not for the
adjustment of differences between a nation and its
people.
Advises Clarification of the
Right to Declare Boycotts
' "Another matter that should be made clear and
nothing can be more important than this is that
each nation has a right to decide for itself whether
it will undertake the things advised by the general
council. The language ot the constitution while not
definite, would seem to indicate that no nation is re
quired to furnish force to back up a decision of the
council. But no doubt should be left on this subject.
This nation cannot afford to allow a council in wbTich
it has so small a voice to carry it into war against its
will. Our people will have as much sense when the
time comes to act as they have now, and they will
have more light to guide them. When the emergency
arises and they understand all the circumstances and
conditions, they may be willing to assist by force, but
they cannot decide in advance or allow a council to
decide for them.
"The constitution of the league would soem to im
ply right of the council to declare an economic boy
cott by the members. This is not quite so serious as
the declaration of war, but economic boycott is hkety
to develop into a war and an economic boycott may
be peculiarly advantageous to the nations that want
to declare it. Our interests may not be identical in
this respect, and we ought to have a right to say at
the time whether we would declare such a boycott.
Scope of League's Powers
Might Well Be Extended
"I venture to suggest that the scope ot the league's
work might well be extended beyond what is now
contemp.ated. A substitute lor war must be able to
deal with every situation that can become a cause of
war. One of the most fruitful causes ot war has been
the necessity for expansion. Growing nations teelins
the necessity for more room, have often gone to war
on some clumsy pretext when the real purpose has
been to secure territory for an increasing population.
The right to live is one of the inalienable ri&hts. It
is a primal right that must be recognised in nations
as well as individuals.
"Nations exercise the right of taking unused land
and distributing it among those who need it. So if
the league of nations is to substitute reason for war.
it must be able to deal with claims that are made for
the waste places of the earth. A nation feeling a
need for more territory should be able to go before
the league and present its claims, and principally
point out the territory which it can use to advantage.
(Continued on pa$o twoV
ULLAGE IS
STROYED
BY GUIFI
Heavy Bombardment Reduces
Vistavka to Ruins, but Al
lied Forces Hold to Post
Bolsheviki Losses Great as
Americans, Outnumbered,
Return Assault Furiously
ARCHANGEL, March 11 il y the As
sociated Press). Operating 10 guns,
the bolsheviki forces yesterday shell
ed the village of Vistavka. on the
Aasra. almost completely destroying
it. Repeated heavy infantry attacks
fcllcweJ. but these were repulsed with
heavy losses Dy the Americans. Brit
ish and Russians.
The allies were greatly outnum
bered, but fought bravely In the. snow.
The allied troops this mornirg still
j occupied the f uliis of X1itavxa and
were ready for new attacks.
BERLIN. March 11. (Havas.) Ger
man troops have recaptured the tnwna
, of Laiden and Schrunden. northeast of
Libau, Courland, according to reports
received here. The bolsheviki were
driven back with heavy losses.
LONDON. March 11 (By the Asso
ciated Press.) The German govern
ment troops, greatly reinforced, have
resumed the fighting in Lichtenberg.
says a German wireless dispatch re
ceived here tonight.
The dispatch adds that the Sparta
cans already have been obliged to
evacuate the police headquarters and
the postoffice.
AMSTERDAM. March 11 Eichhorn.
the former Spartacan police chief ot
Belin. who fled from the German cap
ital during the disorders there in Jan
uary, and who has been living under
an assumed name in Brunswick, Ger
many, addressed a meeting ot Inde
pendent socialists in that city Monday.
It is reported that Eichhorn has been
aiding a movement to establish an in
dependent state in Brunswick.
The city of Brunswick is becoming
a place of refuge for Spartacans and
independent socialists driven from oth
er German cities by tbe government.
-1
CARRANZA ORDERS
ROYALTY TAX ON OIL
WASHINGTON. March 11. Al
though President Carrauta had agreed
with the United States authorities to
tske no further action affecting for
eign oil interests In Mexico until the
Mexican congress could act on the
new oil law Introduced some weeks
ago. a decree has been issued at
Mexico City, directing that the "roy
alty taxes" on oil produced in Jan
uary and February be paid I imme
diately. Officials here said toJav that this
decree might result in the reopening
of the whole question of the rights of
the foreign companies which have
been the subject of at least two notes
from the American governmnet and a
vigorous protests from Great Britain,
France and The Netherlands.
INCREASE IN STATE
SALARIES IS PASSED
-.- T.NVnTr wirV
PHOENIX. Arix.. Mar. 11 The sen
ate today passed senate bill 36 pro
viding for an increase In the salaries
ot state officials as follows;
Governor, ?6500; secretary of state,
"4500; treasurer, auditor, corporation
commissioner?, superintendent rublic
construction, mine Inspector, tax com-
imissioner. attorney general,
I $5000; supreme court judges. $6000;
I supreme court clerk. $2700; supreme
court reporter. $1200, and superior
court judges, $5000.
v.- - TWO:
THE BISBEE "DAILY REVIEW," AVEDNESD AY, MARCH 12-1919.
BILL TO STRAIGHTEN
TANGLE IS PASSED
Two Members to Be Named
at Next Election, One to ".
Serve Six Years
PHOENIX. Ariz.. March 11. House
bill 200 to straighten out the tangle
in the tax commission, was introduced j
in tiie house today and sailed throueh
to final passage under suspension " of I
the rules without a hitch. Under the
original provisions for three tax com
missioners they were to retiie at
stated intervals, but one held oyer
under a court decision longer than
the allotted period and the succession
became tangled. i
The new biil provides for the nam
ing of two commissioners at the next
election for terms of four and six
y-ars. the on receiving the highest
vote taking the longer term.
The senate budget bill which was
taken from the hands of the appropri
ations committee the other day, was
passed this morning and now is ready
for the governor's signature.
A measure to give the corporation
commission ' authority over moving
picture film making and exchanging
also-passed the house and was sent
to the senate. I
Provisions toj the plain marking of!
mining claims either by - four foot
wooden posts or by three foot stone
monuments were approved by the
house and the bill embodying them
sent to the senate. i
The house committee of the whole
went through a number of measures,
most of which were favorably report-1
ed. On this list was Lillywhite's bible
study bill, providing for such study
and . examinations in schools, but bar
ling sectarianism. '
The senate bill setting the salaries
of the iand commissioner and his dep
uty, and the measure to place motor
transportation under the control 'of j
the corporation commission, both wore!
recommended for passage.
Olhex bills which met the favor of!
the committee of the whole house '
were, one to stop fraudulent advertis
ing, another governing savings and
loan companies and a third increasing
the fees in superior courts.
$10,000 BONUS FOR
OIL WELL IS BEATEN
fBv Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX. Ariz., Mar. 11. Of three
im-asures which have drawn consider
able attention in the legislature, one
was sent back acain to the enrolling
and engrossing committee, the second
failed to pass ever the governor's veto
and the third went through with bare
ly any opposition.
Tlie-county division bill is again in
the hands of the enrollina and en
;rnssinjr committee. When it came up
today it was amended materially.
The $1,mo oil well bonus bill which
the senate parsed yesterday over the
governor's veto, was beaten in the
house, while the measure to abolish
the commission of state institutions
and revert to the board of control sys
tem went through almost unopposed.
It now is ready for. the governor's sig
nature. ARIZONA WOMEN SOLD
. 45 PER CENT BONDS
Bv Review leared Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 11 Wo
men were responsible for the sale of
$110,416,094 in. Liberty bonds during
the last campaign on the seven state
and two territories in the twelfth fed
eral reserv e bank district, according to
.a report issued here today by Mrs. A.
S. Baldwin, federal reserve chairman
of the district's Woman's Liberty
Loan committee. This sum, she said,
was 27 per c ent of the district's toial
quota.
The women of Nevada. Mrs. Bald
win pointed out. made the best per
centage of the state in the district.
reporting per cent. Percentaae f
bonds sold bv women in other saes
-!
included Arizona, 45; Utah. 34; Cali
fornia, 27; Idaho, 24.
GREATEST STEP FOR .
PEACE 111 1000 YEARS
("ntii.uel from Paice Onr
The roi'ncil s'lould consider the claim
and decide it. and the force of public
opinion, too. should be used to secure
an adjustment of territories as would
afford a placable means of securing
needed territory.
"Surh adjustments could be made
the easier if the league endorsed the
proposition that any nation extending
sovereignty oer new territory;
hhruld stand ready to purchase the!
property 'f residents who 1 not de
sire to remain under the new sover-i
ciznty. The resident dots not go with'
th land. He has rights independent !
and superior to the rights of the
land. If against bis will he is brought
under r.ew sovereignty, he ought to
Ik? able to rll his property without
lows aiid c'newe a sovereignty of hi
own lining.
"I have ucr'sted what seemed to
tne to be do-iirable changes, some lc
1ns ii i aI for new suggestions, seme
l.t i'U m.rly more explicit statement.
I ' iiclud" as I began, t'uit while vet
sh"ii!d cn'Vavor to make the league as
nearly pt rfv-et as possible. e should
not allow th'" in; perfect ions to Ie;id
to its rejection. We :iiti:-t take risk.--no-
n:atter wlTther we accept the
IcHRue or reject it. The ri.-ks we take
In aecepfins it are 1?. than the risks
we take if reject it and turn !.;ick
to the old way r.t blood and shmzh-
ter. I;kI grant liat tllft-e t lio are
entrusted with tVo launching or this
jrn"r. work way have tlw- willow
so iurc it of selrishness and greo.
aiH m in I ii into it ;h- spirit of t!ie
'"nicc r fV;'"tl to in:r.? it flie t'U'l
ot wr."
Reclamation of
Southern Gila
Valley Planned
Maxwell and Kimball Will
Make .Tour to Investi
gate Conditions
PHOENIX. Ariz., March 11.
George H. ilaxwell. executive di
rector of the National Reclama
tion association and Andrew Kim
ball. Arizona representative of
the railroad administration's agri
cultural department, will leave
this week for a tour of the south
western ano. southeastern portions
of the state in the interests of a
co-ordinated reclamation project
for. Arizona.
The trip will take" in Tucson,
Globe, Miami, San Pedro. San
Simon valley. Binghamton and
other points
The project now under consider
ation and for which efforts are be
ing expended at AVashington, ac
cording to Kimball and Maxwell,
is to have the federal government
carry out a complete model water
conservation system along the
Gila river. This stream is
classed as one of the most diffi
cult to handle in the United States :
and the argument advanced by
the friends of the proposal is ttit
if it can be conquered and its
waste waters stored, the same
system can be applied to the Ohio
and other rivers throughout the
country.
STRIKERS RETURN TO
FIND JOBS MISSING
By Uevifw Iea-sed Wire)
SEATTLE. Wash.. March 11. Thou
sands of shipyard workers who re
ported to their -former places of em
ployment in Aberdeen. Tacoma and
Seattle today for the first time 6ince
they struck for higher pay,' January
-1. were disappointed at being refused
work temporarily. ,
. In Seattle only about lOoO men were
put at. work in eleven shipyards and
repair plants. Estimates placed the
number of men who resumed work, in
contract shops, boiler factories and
machine shops outside the shipyards
at 4000.
BIG GAIN SHOWN IN
STORED FOODSTUFFS
IRv R"-i-w l-;isa Wire)
WASHINGTON. March 11. Food
stuffs in storage March 1 were larger
than a year ago as shown today by
the monthly survey of the department
of agriculture . Holdings of meats
amounted to 1.421 193,303 pounds, an
increase of about 139,000,000 pounds;
lard. 123.01T.3fifi nounils ahout SS (Hlft -
pounds, an increase of about 6.300,000
pounds. The lS.SSS.oSS pounds of
cheese reported was a decrease of
about 30.250.0O0 pounds.
TEX RICKARD IGNORES
OFFER FROM SPOKANE
(Bv lie view Leased Wirei
SPOKANE, Wn., March 11. No re
ply has been received today from Tex
Rickard, promoter of the Williar-J
Dempsey prize fight, to a proposition J
sent him by Spokane and Idaho capi
talists, to bring the championship
bount to Alan Race Track In Idaho.
'"If weare unsuccessfulin landing the
big fight," Frank Smith, representius j
the capitalists, -declared, "we arv in
line for the middleweight or the light
weight championship fight."
SIFTING COMMITTEE
TO GO OVER BILLS!
'Bv Kevifw LeaseI "Ircl
PHOENIX,' March 11 With the end
cf the season next Thursday in plain
view, the house and senate appointed!
a joint "sifting committee" today to ;
separate the wheat from the chaff in
the total of about 350 bills which de-,
in and more or less attention. .The
committee expects to complete .s
work tonight and report at the opening
of the legislature tomorrow morning.
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
Phone 121
COAL
WOOD
HAY
Office Below
Copper Queen Hotel
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phono 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Belov
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C. H. HO&AFJ
ALL BUT TWO FIELDS
TO BE DROPPED BY
AVIATION SERVICE
Personnel of Army , Flying
Corps to Be Discharged j
Before April 1
(By Review leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Marcn 11. Coinci
dent with tne announcement today
that Major General William L. Kenly
uad beeu replacea as director ot mili
tary aeronautics of the army by Ung
ntuer ueuerai viliiam Mitcueil, it was
learned that orders have been issued
tor tne cessation of aviation training
at an fieias in the United States ex
cept two, to oe designated by Major
oeneral Charles '1'. Menoher, director
oi tne air service. These instructions
take effect .March j.5 and thereafter
the work Jong at other fields tnan, the
two to be selected will hsfve to do only
with storage and maintenance of
equipment. Ail aviation personnel that
can be spared will be discnarged
March 31 and the flyers retained at
th two training rieids to be kept in
operation will oe. so far as possible,
those who desire to remain in the per
manent military establishment.
These orders represent a new effort
to keep demobilization up to schedule
and get the total of discnarges to the
2,000.000 mark by the end of the pres
ent month. The cancelling of General
Kenly's war-time rank and his assign
ment to his own oranch of the ser
vice, the field artillery, in his perma
nent rank of colonel, was said to be in
line with this policy of reduction all
along the line."
General Menoher has not yet desig
nated the fields at which training for
the air service is to continue and cf
fjcers had no suggestions to make as
to his probable selections. About thirty
aviation fields and centers were in
operation during the war. In .select
ing two of these it was said that Gen
eral Monoher undoubtedly would be in
fluenced by year around weather con
ditions. This would imply the selec
tion of some of the southern fields.
PEACE CONFERENCE
HEARS LABOR DRAFT
(By Review Teasel Wire ' ; I
PAKIS. March 11. The peace on
ference commission on international
labor legislation today heard state
ments by various delegations on the
result of their consultations with
their governments and with employers i
and organizations of working people in
their respective countries. The com
mission then took up the final reading
of the draft of the International Labor
convention submitted by the British
delegation. Samuel Gompers. chair
man of the commission, presided.
OHIO CHAMP LEADS
IN BOWLING MEET
'My Review Leased Wire'
TOLEDO, O.. March' 11. Better
bowling showed up on tiie last shift3
in the American "Bowling congress
here this afternoon. Paul Landis. Ohio
state champion of 1919, went into first
place in the individuals with 19.
The top figures in the doubles -vss
not touched today, the highest two
men count of the afternoon being 1185,
twenty pins below the leaders.
THURSDAY AND FRH5AY
CONTINUOUS 4:00 to 11:00 P.M.
HIPPODROME
YAUBEVILLE
AND PICTURES
LES FRIMINI
The world's greatest Fun-Makers and wonder-workers
ASK MADA FRIMINI, SHE KNOWS
GLENN Y AND FORD
An athletic young man and flexible and sprightly female
in their new and sensational offering
"AN ACROBATIC NOVELTY"
ARLINE AND ROSZITA"
-m-
"MUSICAL MOMENTS
The lovers of Youth and Beauty, together with distinct
talent will find much for admiration in the
offering of these two Artists. .
JOE KINGSBEY
Blackface Comedian and Monologist who will tell you
some funny stories.
World Film Corp. Presents Barbara Castleton and Johnny
Hines in
"WHAT LOVE FORGIVES"
A picture you will thoroughly enjoy from start to finish.
Fox Film Corp. Presents
"THE BON BON RIOT"
A riot of laughter
ADMISSION: Lower floor, 35c; Balcony, 25c;
This Includes the War Tax
What's Doing in
Sporting World
NEW YORK. March 11. President
Grant of the Boston National league
club met Charley- Herzog here today.
Herzog has a contract with the Boston
club which calls for a salary of $10,000
for the season of 1919. It is said
waivers have been signed by all the
major league club.on Herzog and it
was rumored that the .second baseman
might come to the New York Ameri
cans. After their conference both
Grant and Herzog said they had ar
rived at no agreement regarding a
proposed change in the contract.
At the office of the local American
league club denial was made that any
attempt had been made to negotiate
with Herzog. President Grant also
said that no club had made any prop
osition to him for Herzog's services,
but that he would willingly entertain
any desirable bids.
ST. LOUIS. March 11. Josh Bil
lings, catcher, recently obtained from
Cleveland. ( today signed a contract
with the St. Louis Americans.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., March 11.
The management of the Los Angeles
club of the Pacific Coast league made
announcement today that Samuel Beer,
pitcher, and V. Ken worthy, second
basemen, had been signed. Beer pitch
ed for Oakland part of last season.
Kenworthy played second base for the
Angeles tw-o years ago. Last season
he played shipyard balL
NEW YORK, March 11. The New
York American league club announced
today that it has engaged Thomas Mil
ler, outfielder, who as a member of the
Richmond club led the Virginia league
in batting last season. Arthur Hartle.
an outfielder.purchased from the To
ledo club of the American association,
notified Manager Huggins today that
he had retired from professional base
ball because of business interests.
JUDGE SMITH RETURNS .
Soecial to-The Review)
PRESCOTT, March - 11. Frank
O Smith, who resigned as judge of the
superior court of Yavapai county to be
come an overseas -secretary of the Y.
M. C. A., ha returned to his home
here after more thaq a year's service
in France. . .
GET AFTER THAT
COLD RIGHT NOW
Got right after it with a
bottle of Dr. King's
New Discovery
She never let cough r Cold or ease
of grippe go until it grew dangerous.
She . just .nipped it whea ahe began to '
sniffle or cough before it developed
seriously. .
Men, women, andV children of every
age have used this preparation for
fifty r years as a prompt reliever. - All
ages are using it today. because of its
positive results, , - -.
Oenerous size borttes 60e and $1.20.
Constipation Corrected
Dr. King's New Life Tills tonight
mean clear bowels, a clear head, clear
thinking, a day well begun .in the
mornipg, good digestion, clearing ski.
Mild in action but sure and comfortable.
At drug stores everywhere. . 25c
!3MPETUST0 BE GIVEN ,
I CHARLESTON DAM AND
IRRIGATION PROJECT!
30,000 Acres to Be Provided
With Water Through
Reclamation Plan
Decided impetus will be given the
proposed Charleston dam and irriga
tion project next Monday when well
known irrigation men will visit the
San Pedro valley for the purpose of
dlscussine with its residents the pro
ject. M. P. Coshy. of St. David, yes
terday announced in Bisbee plans of
the meetings.
George If. Maxwell, "father of the
Roosevelt reservoir" will be the prin
ciple speaker at the meetings to be
held in St. David and Benson. He is j
thoroughly conversant with the j
Charleston project and is enthusiastic j
over the prospects of early construe- (
tion. . Andrew Kimball, of Graham i
county, will accompany Mr. Maxwell.
The proposed damsite is on the San
Pedro river three hundred yards be
low tiie El Paso & Southwestrn sta
tion of Charleston, and half-way be
tween Bisbee and Benson.
St Patrick
Masquerade
Ball
MONDAY, MARCH 17TH
MRS. SALES ACADEMY
Music by Long's Orchestra
GENTS, $1.00 LADIES FREE
EVERYBODY INVITED
LET US SERVE YOUR .
BANQUETS
We Know How, Experienced
Waiters and Serving Help
Phone 634 11 a., m. to 12 p. m.
CLARENCE ALEXANDER
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicit Your
Patronage . 4 . .
PHONE 58 '
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. OK ST.
8
Q
(ct Spring
Women's and Misses SPORT OXFORDS, T 7 O C
$3.00 to $5.00 values, at ......... pl .C0
The time has come when you will need sport shoes. If not right now. at least scon, and here they arc and
at a great savings. Women's and Misses Sport Oxfords that sold from $3.00 to S5.00 rcguiar. On sale
Sizes 2. 2 to 6-B. C and D. SPECIAL AT $1.95
These are shoes of coolness and comfort, at at the same time" will stand rough wear.
Spring Line of Shoes for Men
Who Choose With Care are Ready
Wherever you see a well dressed man you'll notice he wears Edwin Claop
Shoes. They appear "to men of fastidious tastes, they're high character
shoes in every respect
Priced at $12.50 and $13.50
1
Other Good Quality Shot3 at S4.50
::l -n& n hFr
! iiUMJ &
PIANO LESSONS
given by graduate of Sascos Acad
emy, New York. Thorough and cor
rect Instruction for . beginnera or
advanced scholars guaranteed.
MRS. MARQUETTE
Opera Drive Opp. High Scliool
TRY THE REVIEW WANT
Fob
For Men, Women and Children
The new sewing shoes are "herd in a SDlendid showing of hand
some style revelations for men, women and children.
Women's Suede and
Satin Oxfords
THE NEWEST AND SMARTEST MODELS FOR SPRING
. WEAR
These two models are the nwctt r.nci smartest creations in
spring footwear and are'bem von more than any other
model throtiqhout the East.
THE SUEDE Is in black an - tie n;w dark brown Cf
. shade a very popular and 3 oit .Jel pJLA.
THE SATIN Is in the one shrti: V"k, a very neat model
that will be worn very
at
and Up Shoe department main floor.
Satisfaction for the
sweet tooth.
Aid to appetite and
digestion benefit
and enjoyment in
LASTING form.
And only 5 cents
a package.
107
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER & STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence, Black 333
ADS FOR QUICK RESULTS
Edwin Clapp
Shoes for Men
tivear
much this spring. Priced
$10
J7
.'
".
-10 THE EISEEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12, 1519.
THREE ,
J
: 4
',' S
)
v
4
REPUBLICANS ELECT
MOfiDELL, VYOMiHG,
HOUSE FLOOR LEADER
Organization of G. O. P. for
Next Congress Is -Completed
Committee to
Bare Mexican
Affairs Named
(By Review Leased 'Wire)
WASHINGTON, March 11. Repub
lican organization for the majority
.control of ihe next hou3e was complet
ed today with Representative Frank
W. Mondell of Wyoming as floor lead
er. Representative Harold Knutson of
Minnesota as whip, and Representa
tives Winslow, Massachusetts; Moore.
Pennsylvania;. Longs worth, Ohio;.
Madden, Illinois, and Dunn, New York
as the steering' committee ' to have
charge of the legislative program. Mr.
Mondell will be chairman of this eom-
mittee.
Selection of Mr. Mondell was made
after Representative James R.' Mann
of Illinois, republican leader in the
last house, had refused to accept the
post when elected by the committee.
As Mr. Mann has not been appointedJ
to any of the house committees be
will be left without a place in the re
publican organization unless he ac
cept appointment to one or two va
cancies existing in a few of te im
portant committees.
Representative LongWbrth of Ohio
vainly sought to prevent the commit
tee taking up the floor leadership se
lection at this time and after Mr.
Mann's nomination he refused to vote
the Ohio delegation which he repre
sented. The . representatives from
Indiana. ' Idaho and West Virginia 13
also refrained from voting, but the
only ballots casts against Mr. Mann
were those of the twelve Massachu
setts republicans, represented by Rep
resentative Winslow, who was cam
paign manager for Representative Gil
lett in tb erecent speaker contest.
Committee members generally said
they expected the party conference
to be called a few days before the
congress meets in special session,
would ratify the selections made by
the committee.
They regarded it as possible, Sow
ever, that Representative Long worth
may call the conference's attention to
the strict application of seniority in
committee selections and seek to up
set some of them.
PLANS MADE TO AID
FINANCE RAILROADS
(Continued from Pag One)
tion and distribution of these war
rants. Companies whose financial
strength was not great might be
helped by the railroad administration
which will get some funds through re
payment by railroads of advances al
ready made to them.
These plans were outlined today by
Director General Hines and the rail
way executivee, but it was emphasized
that final plans remain to be made.
Railroad administration and war fin
ance corporation officials will confer
tomorrow with Secretary Glass of the
treasury, and Thursday Mr. Hines will
discuss the financial situation with
railroad car and locomotive builders
and with the executives committee.
To Consult Bankers
Although no bankers participated in
the conferences today they will tic
consulted informally by the executive
and railroad administration officials.
A number of prominent bakers were
here during the day to confer private
ly with railroad heads.
It appears probable that the war fin
ance corporation will try to limit its
loans to railroad corporations with
emple credit, without reference to the
government warrants as collateral,
and every effort will be made by the
government agencies to encourage
bankers to take np most of the loans
required. At the same time the rail
road administration will try to estab
lish a large degree of uniformity in
interest rates. This will be facilitatee
by the potential resources of the war
finance corporation.
WOMAN HOT WORRIED
Council of Foreign Relations
Picks Body to Hold
Open Hearings
(Bv Review leased "Wirel
XEW YORK, March 11. To re
veal "the truth regarding condi
tions in Mexico today," the coun
cil of foreign relations has ap
pointed a committee, comprising
men of national prominence, to
hold open hearings on the subject
in this city. This announcement
was made here tonight at a dinner
of the council, held, to discuss sub
jects of mutual interest to the
United States and Mexico, to
which President Carranza de
clined to send official representa
tives. The following names of commit
tee members were announced:
Cyrus H. Curtis, publisher, Phil- .
adelphia; Justice Victor J. Dowl
Ing, of the appellate division of
the New York supreme court;
Mayor Ole Hanson of Seattle;
Judge Ben B. Lindsey, Denver;
Dr. Henry MacCracken, president
of Vassar college; E. T. Mededith,
publisher, Des Moines, Iowa; John
Eassett Moore, former counsellor
to the state department; Dr. Hen
ry S. Pritchett. president of Cer
negie Endowment for Advance
ment of Teaching; former Repre
sentative Swagar Sherley of Ken
tucky and Frank P. Walsh, former
joint chairman of the war labor
board.
PASSAGE OF FEDERAL
MORALITY MEASURES
URGED BY GOVERNOR
i
Statistics on Social Diseases
Cited by Campbell in
Plea for Bills
Ten-Day Trip Is
Made in 11 Hours
the veneral diieae rate was five
times as prevalent in civil life as in
the army.
"The returning soldiers, saiiors and
marines, who have been given intel
ligent protection, are to be turned
back to civil communities. The feder
al government must, of necessity, in
the next few months give up its war
time control. These men are now our
responsibility.
Of the four "morality bills" intro
duced this session, one which passed
the house was killed in the senate,
two were recommended in the senate
for indefinite postponement and a
third is still in committee.
01 tue s.GJTtacn has tspsel rr.i;
nlgai'&i-si. if your SLlI.ch ia lo- j ;
disturbed, dissolve two or th.cs f '
ft;
on the tongue bofore wtiruib imdjn- :
joy refreshing sleep. f lie purity and .t
Copper Queen Hotel and mgh-ciass cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte pricf.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
gooJnea of Ki-nioidj guarariteeJ by H ZZIZZIZZIZIZIIZIZZIIZZII
C7 1 1 1- VI ' TT" - i I -
rs emulsion i TRY THE REVIEW WANT ADS FOR QUICK RESULTS
MAKERS OF SCOTTS
PHOEXTX. Ariz., March 11. Point
ins out that the percentage of social
disease in Arizona is S.31 as against
.26 for the state, making the best
showing, and the national -average of
1.93. Governor Campbell today sent a
strong plea to the legislature for the
passage of the bills which the federal
hygiene board naa introduced in the
state legislature.
"Plain facts call for plain speech."
said the governor's message. "Fed
eral reports show that the veneral dis
ease total exceeds the combined total
of all other communicable diseases
prevalent in the army. From Mav,
1917, to September, 1918, army surg-
fiAna trAntwl 1 TO ftftll paooe nt iaqa Aio. i
eases, which involved a loss of 2.
250.000 days" time to the men con
cerned. Among young men from civil
life brought into the army by the op
eration of the selective service act.
(By Review Leased Wire
TOULOUSE. March 11 (French
Wireless Service). Lieutenant Lema
itre, a leading French aviator during
the war, has completed a flight from
Toulouse to Casa Blanca, on the west
ern coast of Morocco, a distance of
1900 kilometers .(approximately 11S0
miles) in eleven hours actual flying
time. The lieutenant and a passenger
left Toulouse at noon Saturday and
landed at Casa Blanca at 5 o'clock
Sunday afternoon. The whole voyage,
which, lasted twenty-nine hours, was
made in two stages, the first from
Toulouse to Alicante, Spain, and the
second from Alicante to Casa Blanca.
The voyage from Toulouse to Casaj
f lanca by ordinary means consumes j
10 days.
LOOK FOR
THE RU) B ALL
Hilt "
M firearms Ammunition ft
IH Shootlnllftll
ggVjstprgofl
Fresh Fish Today
AT
Towea's
Brewery Ave. Market
Czar Cash Market
Johnson Meat Co.
Lowell Market
"?r
J. C PENNY COMPANY, A NATION-WIDE INSTITUTION
NAPS LEAVE FOR CAMP
CBv Rwi ieasea Wire)
CLEVELAND. Ohjo. March 11. The
first detachment of the Cleveland
American league baseball club left
here for New Orleans where they will
do their spring training. The party !
consisted of Manager Fohl, PiLchers
Coveleskia, Bagby, Coumbe and '
George Uhle, Catcher O'Neill, Outfield-
er Joe Wood; Scout McCallister and
Trainer Percy Smallwood.
M
To tell you here, about our New Spring Lines- Goods have been ar riving daily and from floor to ceiling our shelves are loaded down with
new seasonable merchandise Our prices being the lowest, and ou r styles being down to the minute, we are sure to please the whole
family in Wearing Apparel, and as to Dry Goods, we can especially re commend our numerous lines to you Naturally we expect vou to
I trade where you can do the best That's why our Sales Force is al ways busy.
KEPT HER AWAKE
The Terrille Pains in Back and
Sides. Cardoi Gave Relief.
MarksviHe, La. Mrs. Alice Johnson,
of this place, writes: "For one year I
suffered with an awful misery in my back
and sides. My left side was hurting me
all the time. The misery was something
BwfuL
I could not do anything, not even sleep
it night It kept me awake most of the
night ... I took different medicines, but 1
nothing did me any good or relieved me
until I toolc Cardui ...
I was not able to do any of my work
for one year and I got worse all the time, I
was confined to my bed off and on. I got I
to bad with my back that when I stooped l
down I was not able to straighten up
again ... I decided I would try Cardui
. . . By time I had taken the entire bottle
I was feeling pretty good and could
ttraighten up and my pains were nearly
til gone.
I shall always praise Cardui. 1 con- i
' Bnued taking it until I was strone and
flVER QUnRTAnC:wcIL" "y011 suffer from pains due to
UlLll rUUU OnUniHUL I female complaints. Cardui mar be iust
what you need. Thousands of women
rfv nfira cirffMr! in ff)iCBrMMnf T &
Cardui for their present good health. '
ire U a trial. KC-133
"I have lived on toast and water
for over six months and have been
scarcely able to eat anything for the
past year. I began suffering from
stomach trouble and bloating five is TUBERCULOSIS
years ago. A friend recommended ! CURABLE
Mayrs Wpnderful Remedy and since
taking six doses I feel I am entirely
restored: even cabbage does not hurt
me.", It is a simple, harmless prepara- i tablished the posi
tion that removes the catarrhal mu-! tive proof that he
cus from the Intestinal tract and al- has discovered a sue
z
o
p
H
P
to
Z
w
Q
BY INHALATION
Dr. Glass' has es-
lays the inflammation which causes
practically all stomach, liver and in
testinal ailments, including appendi
citis. One doe will convince or money
refunded.
Sold by Lowell Drug company and
druggists everywhere. Adv.
cessful remedy for
this disease to stay
cured ;n any climate
For further informatinn nrtrfrpsa
THE T. F. GLASS INHALANT CO-
Mason Bldg
Angeles, Cal.
4th &. Broadway, Los
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine. Weber & Co.. Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
Write today for booklet "B," explaining our system of
BUS1NE
U'OOD
It V W j receiving deposits by mail, 7 compouna interest paid
-7j f" on Savings Accounts.
Good Quality Wo
men's Cotton Kose.
Tan, black, grey,
white.
19c pair
Children's Extra Strong
Ribbed Hosiery
for School wear
25c pair
Scrim, Ecru Color
With Border,
Heavy weight, priced
extremely low, at
15c yard
Creton for Draperies,
beautiful color ef
fects 25c yard
Women's Aprons,
neatly trimmed and
with wide belt effects.
House Dresses,.
in gingham and
chambray materials,
nicely trimmed,
Women's Vests,
Elastic Ribbed
25c
Girl's School Dresses,
All materials and
sizes. Priced extreme
ly low.
Women's Auto Dusters
$1.98
; New !
New;W
New
iuits, New Dresses,
aists. New Petticoats
Skirts, New Coats.
Our New York Buyers have selected with the judgement of experience and capa
bility these new coats, suits and dresses. These Garments, presented for your se
lection emphasize the supremacy of this storeys a HOUSE OF FASHION.
Our Extremely LOW Prices Afford You
a Saving Worth While on Every Purchase
Men's Suits
They're all new arrivals, in the best woolens your money can buy. The materials
are serge, worsteds, cheviots, cashmeres and Cool Cloths.
SHORT TALL FAT SUM MEN
We can fit you, and they're all Bench Made Clothes. Buy your next suit here.
WE CAN SAVE YOU MONEY
Men's, Women's, Boys" and Children's Shoes. In our shoe department you can
find just what you have been looking for. Shoes for every purpose and at big
saving to you.
Arrow Brand Cellars,
2 for 35c
THE YELLOW FRONT MAIN STREET
"Where You Do Better"
Pay Day Overalls.
Best in the world,
$1.89
Men's Rib Union .
Suits t
98c
Men's Sox.
Guaranteed, in black
tan, white, grey and
white toes and heels.
20c pair
Men's Blue and Gray
Chambray Work Shirts
heavy weight, cut
extra full.
98c
Men's Dress Shirts,
golf and collars at
tached, all good materi
als and a large range of
patterns.
$1.25
Men's Elk Shoes
Nothing better for
hard wear
$2.98
Boys Pants,
in corduroy, worsted,
cashmeres," extra good
quality
$1.98
2
n
o
2
2
a
M
2
in
H
H
C
H
O
2
n
n
o
2
.
H
o
2
8
in
H
M
H
C
O
2
J. C PENNY COMPANY, A NATION-WIDE INSTITUTION
i
1
) FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12, 19iy.
Pufcfished Every Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated Publihing
Ccmpany
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to It or not otherwise credited to this paper.
ana also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-publication of special Mispatches herein are also reserved.
COMPROMISE Oil ROAD
BILL SEEN AS CUT TO
TEN MILLIONS IS MADE
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8, 1579.
Per month
Three months
Six months
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Twelve months
Sunday (our weekly) per year
Sunday (our weekly) per quarter
2.25
4.00
7.50
2.50
.75
No Subscription Taken for Less Than 75c
That Extra Session Talk
Why all this talk of an extra session of the Arizona legislature?
The talk is entirely useless; the extra session is more useless than
the talk. The present session can continue indefinitely for a month
or a year after Thursday without the formality of calling an extra session.
The law provides that members of the legislature may not be paid for
more than 60 days in any one session. It does not limit any sitting to
60 days, but leaves the way open for emergencies similar to the one
which the legislature faces today.
If time has been wasted; if unfortunate circumstances have so dis
turbed the personnel that needed legislation has been postponed nntil
too late for action by Thursday, the legislature is permitted by law to
continue in sessions as long as it may desire and nntil work in hand
has been completed. But members must serve after the completion of 60
days which end Thursday, without pay.
Several measures of utmost importance to the state must still be
enacted before the legislature will have completed the work which the
people elected it to do. Arizona, every part of the state and every man
Man and woman in the state, wants road legislation. Soldier's and dis
charged service men are especially interested in the Hughes civil service
act. Educational reforms, the state budget system and the soldiers'
settlement bill are still "up in the air. It will be physically impossible
for the legislature working night and day to complete the work already
started.
Two courses are open. When Thursday comes the members may
quit work, leaving their tasks unfinished and awaiting the governor's
call for an extra session. Or, they may continue work, donating to the'
state the extra days necessary to complete legislation already started.
Several advantages are to be had through the latter plan of action.
Everyone, even members of the legislature, admits time has been
wasted in the weeks past. This being the case, services donated to
complete the work, will recompense the state and the people for hours
and days spent in idle debate and unseless, unessential legislation.
" When the legislature opened many pledges were made the returning
soldiers. Every promise of this nature can be fulfilled if the members re
main in session after Thursday. If they await the call of the governor
it is possible his message may limit their sphere of action to the exclusion
of some of these pledges.
Expenses of state government" have been heavy in the past and will
continue a burden in the future. Several thousands of dollars will be
saved the state in members' salaries if the extra session is shunned.
The people of Arizona elected the legislature that it might enact con
structive laws. Little legislation of this character has been produced to
date, but every essential law expected by the people can be enacted by the
present legislature within a week or ten days after Thursday.
And. finally, the legislature can save the democratic party the blame
republicans will attach to the calling of an extra session. Two years from
now Governor Campbell cannot say from the political rostrum that his
special session of the legislature enacted the good roads laws, the civil
service bill and the much-needed school legislation.
From the standpoint of business, of patriotism, of service to party,
people and state, which course should the legislature chose?
Good Citizens' Resolution
. Every community has its share of good citizens, and upon them de
pends the progress and activities of the community. If they are active,
proud of the city in which they live, unselfish with the city's interests
and foreseeing, the community reflects their attitude. If they are indif
ferent, soon weeds begin to sprout along the sidewalks and ruts grow
into chuck holes in the streets.
Once upon a time a little city in the middle west found itself in the
rut which was fast becoming a chuck hole. Public improvements had
been forgotten. The little city park was unkept, its bandstand falling
apart, its lawns gone to seed.
One morning a business man, one of -the good citizens, returned from
a neighboring town. He rode over the streets, looked at the city square,
"rubbed his eyes and exclaimed: "Xo wonder people go to Podunk to
trade!" That afternoon the rest of the good citizens met and that
evening they had each subscribed to the following resolution:
"Whereas. Public Sentiment, manifested in community co-operation,
is an Invincible Force;
"Whereas, Individual Indifference forbids healthy Public Sentiment
and when in control suppresses and stifles;
"Whereas, The Community is the Body, of which Individual Citizens
are Members, and the F;ody cannot be strong if the Members are
atrophies; and -
"Whereas, without Action, Life is impossible. Death inevitable en
suing; therefore be it
"Resolved, That, in the years to come, I shall Believe in my Fellow
Townsmen and have Faith in My Community and shall make known my
Belief and Faith in season and out of season, by all of my public and
private acts and utterances ;
"Whereas all that I have and all that I can hope for in Mateiial,
Moral and Social way. are inseparably United with my Community's
Fate; be it further and finally
"Resolved, That I shall Supplement my taith in my Fellows and my
Belief in my Community, by Giving Freely of my Time and Money in
Promoting my Community's and therefore My Own Interests; and be
it further
"Resolved. That I will withgo my own personal selfish interests for
the larger and better interests which shall make My Community progress
and grow and become a better place for me and my neighbors to live
in and rear our children in.
Today the little town which drew up these resolutions is doubled in
bizc and renowned for its spirit and beauty. Why not profit from its
experience?
Register today for the city paving bond electicon!
Wolves in Stock Peddlers Clothes
What is called "misrepresentation in the subjoined announcement
concerning the Federal Trade commission is actually swindling in a good
iii;my cases, and if the government can put a stop to the practice it at
tacks it should do it:
"The Federal Trade commission has announced officially that it will
cook rate to curb widespread niisrepdesentation in the sale of stocks and
s' curiti' K. rei-ognized as being at this time a particular menace to holders
or Liberty bonds and War Savings Stamps."
All over the country salesmen are urging holders of Liberty bonds
and War Savings Stamps to trade them for stock in oil companies, silver
mines, airplane factories and other enterprises. Tbcy belittle the income
derived from Uie government hfxuri'ks. promise huge returns from the
sto-ks they p.ldl: and ci!e for the bcdazzlement of those they iiave
pitched on as victims the great profits made by a few successful corpora
tions. They pick out innocent men and women who probably never
owned a lnd before they bought Liberty bonds to help win the war. and
get tl;m to trad; the best security on earth for a flamboyant prospectus.
The thing for owners of Liberty bonds and War Savings Stamps to
do is to bold them as long as they can. If they are forced to sell, they
will cef -the market price from any reputable bauker. They will not get
it from a -peddler' who wants' then- to give up Uncle Sam's bond for the
-to:k of a wildcat oil company or silver mine. Tucson Citizen.
Captain Coli is planning an aeroplane flight across the Allanti'-. and
bow- who thiuk it can t be done had better not let Coliseum.
If Gei many had won thre would have betu a lewgue of nation?, and
alinobt everything except tax-paving would have been verboten.
were almost worse than no roads,
while Peterson, Lines. Mrs. O'Neill
and others were afraid a ?oO,Ou0.ioO
bond issue would be killed bv the mo-
jple when a $10,000,000 one might pass.
eoman tried to compromise on $15.
oOO.OyO, but could find no support.
When Little made the motion that
the bill -do pass as amended," Gal
braith attacked the whole measure as
undesirable.
"We want roads now." said Gal
braith. "We do not want a bond is
sue two years from now. The assessed
valuation of this state is $S40.000.0oO
j and with a two and one-half mill levy
i on that, with the road work the coun
j ties are contemplating in the line of
Iroad work Arijnna wnnlil hat-o oil t K.
i nur,.MA, Ariz., Mar. 11. The ly-1 highway construction she could han
mg hours of the fourth Arizona legis- j die. Two years from now w e know
lature will see a compromise between nothing aboct. Conditions may be
the republicans and democrats on the Uianged and action at the present is
subject of highway legislation, ac- what the people demand."
cording to a suggestion thrown out in Peterson. Bowman and Lines all
the house late today and Judging from the legislature recognized that fact
statements made by leaders, of both and had tried to give the people road
parties. legislation, but the republicans and
iu attempting to defeat house bill ! the governor had blocked the wheels
Minority Report Proposes
Corrimisison of Five to
Carry Out Plan
tUy Review Leased Wire)
Xo. 2, which provides for a constitu
tional amendment to be submitted to
the people to lift the limit of the
state's indebtedness, Galbraith said
that he and Flood of the good roads
committee of the house had signed a j
minority report on the republican bill
for highways house bill 195. w hich j
was drafted after the Colorado law. ;
He announced that the minority re
port suggested that a road commission
of five be appointed by the legislature :
with the governor's approval or by the j
governor with the secretary cf state's
approval.
To Come Up in Two Years I
If that suggestion meets with the
approval of the house," said Galbraith.
then we can put through a "bill not
based in any way on party politics and
-which will meet with the approval of
all. The bill with its $10,000,000 bond
issue finally was recommended for
passage.
The measure under discussion.
bouse bill Xo. 2, had its provision ioi
a $30,000,000 road bond issue cut to
$10,000,000 on the argument that,
while it was likely the people would
vote down the larger proposal, they
might favor the smaller one. It woula
come before the electors two years
hence.
There was -a rush by members to get
their several towns represented in the
bill and located along the highways
of progress.
SHIPLEY SAYS HE
NEARLY STARVED
Lived 6 Weeks on Milk
Laid Up Whole Year
Cains 21 Pounds on
Tanlac; Now Eats
Anything
."When I finished taking my first
bottle of Tanlac I couldn't see much
improvement in my condition, but, if I
had given it un at that tim. it wnuM
more. -1 sleep like a log every night
and have more energy and strength
than I have in years. This is certainly
one happy N-?w- Year for me and is the
first one in 25 which I cculd say I was
free from suffering. I still take a dose
now and then and would buy up every
lottle in town if I knew no more was
going to be mace. 1 have just finished
my dinner of salad, meats, vegetables,
pie and coffee, and I can digest these
things now better than I could milk De
fore 1 took Tanlac. I would spend my
last dollar for Tanlac rather than be
without it."
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug com
pany, in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in
Bowie by Bowie Drug company, in 1
San Simon by J. L5. Cook, in Wilcox
by "A A Nicholson, in Iovell by Lo
well Drug company, in Benson by C
F. Moss Pharmacy, in Gleeson by li.
A. Taylor, in Warren by Warren
Pharmacy, in Pearce by H. A. Taylor,
in Tombstone by Boyd's Drug store,
and in McXeal by McNeal Mercan-;
tile company. Adv.
nave been the mistake of mv life."
raid John H. Shipley of 1203 Senchez
street, San Francisco.
'It has certainly paid me well.'
he continued, "to stick to Tanlac, for j
a few bottles have done me more real
gooa man everything else I have taken
combined, and I have spent a small
fortune trying to get relief. I have
Cllf f ororl fmrvt nnn.nAW vv. r -
- . . . v v uuuj aiuuiacu uuui'ie lor jot
years and had despaired of ever get
ting well until Tanlac commenced to
put me in shape. I used to have mv 1
worst trouble about three or four I
hours after eating when I would havo
proposed to be built. Eddy, however, a sickish feeling through mv stomach I
put up a strong fight against tieing'and such fearrul pains about mv liver
the engineers down to certain routes jthat I could hardly stand it. One said ;
and winding the roads back and forth J I had gall stones and would never re
for no other reason than to include j cover without an operation. I then
towns when more direct routes wer i had an Ex-Ray examination and was.
preferable. , "told it was my liver that caused my;
Amendments Killed ! trouble and. so it went on. one saying ',
Stark wanted to drop Flagstaff and i one thing and one another. In the :
keep Williams. Little had a word to j meantime I was put on' a diet of
say for Morenci. Ajo was brought to cereals and toast, and from that to a
the front, and many others, but the j milk diet. For six solid weeks before
sentiment of the house was again ' began taking Tanlac I never had a
laying out the specific routes and all bite of any kind of food just drank 1
these amendments were killed. milk and was literally starving, but .
Besides the amendment cutting , the dieting did no good and I gradually '
down the bond total, two others were ' got worse. I was also troubled with
favorably recommended. One provid-! constipation. There has been months
ed for connecting the Arizona road at a time when I was unable to work
system with the Arrowhead trail out i and one time I was laid up for a whole
of Utah near St. George. The other year.
dropped Chandler from tthe route on ; "So things rocked aloug until a
Coleman's suggestion that if Chandler , friend of mine talked me info trvins-
were included $65,000 worth , of road : Tanlac. When I started on this inedi-;
already built out of Mesa would be ! Cjne i weighed only 115 pounds had !
useless. ; ; dropped off from 152 so vou can ini-
When somebody wanted to know . agine wnat a areadful condition I was '
where the roads really did run. Eddy ; in Well, my . first bottle of Tanlac !
explained that the routes mapped out I never helped me anv that I could tell i
were those tentatively submitted to j but x couldn't afford to condemn a '.
the people four years ago when the : medicine so many people said had '
bond issue was defeated. They were helped them, so I kept on taking it
all tentative, said Eddy, and formea - ani am certainlv glad I did for it has ;
a proposed state highway system , reaily and truly made me feel like a i
which would have to meet with the new man j. neTer felt any great im- '
electors' approval and the practical ; provement until after I had taken five !
judgment ot engineers. ; or siX bottles and then I began grad
tAXay vigorously opposea Lanes mo- uaily feeling better. So I kept right
tion to reduce the bond issue total to I on taking five or six more bottles, and i
$10,000,000 ana wnen tne amenameni ; by that time I was feighing 136 pounds ,
passed he immediately moved that the j nad gained 2Jr pounds and since
bill be indefinitely postponed. This, j then I have felt perfectly sound and ,
however, was defeated. j well. I never have an ache or pain
Edfly argued that poorly built roads nor a ssn cf stomach-trouble any1
EVERETT TRUE
I'rMvT U C , YO U MAKe A GREAT Ml3TA5 IN .
TO PHY-Stc-Aiw
NEXT TIMG Yov
BfiCOPts AtvfCRY",
COUNT T6N,
AMD TritSM
T T - X
1 - mum mr-m-. - M - ivy j. x w r x
I
3 You' r s out ill
BANC
EAGLES1 CLUB .
Every
Wednesday and Saturday
EAGLES HALL
DANCING 8:30 P. M.
LONG'S ORCHESTRA
BMOMY MffiTEll
We invite you to confer with any of our Offi
cers whenever we can be of service to you in any
matter pertaining to your financial affairs.
Call in and meet our Officers.
BANK WITH US
Attention
FORD OWNERS
Equip Your Ford With
Pitts' "Second Lift" Cam
Shaft
and
Bum Distillate, Kerosene
or Tops
(Now Doing It in Bisbee)
Cool Engine No Carbon
Cost of installation saved in
a month or so. Inquire
and let us explain.
Pitts Manufacturing Go.
No. 7. Main St
1
PAYCASH--PAY LESS
Com Meal
WE HAVE A LARGE QUANTITY OF FANCY
WHITE MEAL
and will sell for a limited time only at these prices:
100 pounds $5.60
10 'pounds ,5S
5 pounds 1 .30
-
J. Bo ANGIUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
WHERE YOU CAN DO BETTER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-16109 .
...
M
I
J
Review Want Ads Bring Results f
j
t
hanpr
2
So I
HAVE 130 ACRES of Land 'in the Proven Territory of
tne Ranger Deep Field wnicn has enriched so many
people within one year that a boom condition pre
vails there which dwarfs anything of the kind ever
seen in this country.
We can assure you immediate drilling and successful business men whom you all
know to look after the affairs of the company. When you see the maps showing
the welk around us you will realize that promises are not necessary. There is still
some of this stock to be had at par but it will not last long. If you want some of this
you had better buy now.
No Promotion Stock
to waste ycur money. That is why El Paso-Rangcr stock is being bought by the
most conservative buciness men in Douglas and Bisbee in blocks of from 500 to
3,000 shares.
aso Hanger un uompany
1EE BENHAM, Copper Queen Hotel
g Capital $300,000
Shares $1.00 Each
TRUSTEES;
Non-Assessable
J. Harry Henderson. Secretary-Treasurer; Robert Kraknucr, President; Joseph A.
Wright. Vice-President ; John O. Wyler. Frederick Goodman
f
Hi
EaSE?r8s"S
r?
x !
i
i FIVE
V
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12, 1919.
1
1
-
1
J
V
J
V
DAILY
Advertisements unoer this head at tne rate of 1 ce.it per word, each issue,
I Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 7 p. m. for
For Sale
FOR SALE 1915 H.-D. motorcycle,
?60. Leaving town. J. K., Review.
M-1213-14-15 16-18
FOR SALE Furniture, by piece,
cheap. Including piano, chairs, bed
room suits, gas range, Cole hot blast
heater. Singer sewing machine, sani
tary COiirh sine-la and fnlriini irnr.
bed. refrigerator, tables, etc. Phone j
473. . M-12-13-14-15-li !
FOR SALE The onlv rooniins house
In town that's full and is always j FOR RENT Housekeeping or batch
full. Best location in Bisbee. 23 i ins foom3, completely furnished.
- rooms and furniture, extra good, i cheap rent. Ozark house. No. 71
Big money maker. Part cash will Bert Clement. Phone Red 604.
handle. Reason for selling, poor j - - M-ll-12-13-14-15-16
health. Phone 242. or address P. O.
Box 2430 M-12 FOR RENT Rooms, reasonable. The
" Z I Belmont house, back of "The Fair."
F-D71 SALE Furniture for three room j
i-:mia street, Johnson addition.
M-12-13-14-15-16-17-18-19
FOR SALE GR RENT Three-acre '
chicken and hog ranch, good loca-
tion. half mile east of Osborn and
Douglas road. Two room house fur-
nished. Other improvements. See!
D. Thcmason at Johnson Meat
pany. Bisbee. M-12-13-14-15-16-17-18
FOR SALE Ford
Box 564.
touring car, 1250. I
M 12-13-14 I
FOR SALE Complete furnishings of
Five room home, fine condition.
Rent reasonable for house, shade
trees, garden. A real house cheap.
55 Roberts avenue. M-ll-12-13-14 j
FOR SALE Four- room furnished ;
house. 07-C Youngblood hill. Jchn
Lundberg. M il 12-13-14-15-16
r - . ., ' !
FOR SALt-: Almosi new Emerson (
piano. 57 O. K. street. j
M-ll-12-13-14-15-16 j
FOR SALE Oak library table, ?17;
mahogany dressing table and chair.
?13. Call CS3. M-ll-12
FOR SALE Almost new two room
bouse furnished. R. E. Covingtoru
IM'klin avenne. i
M-11-12-13-14-15-16-17-1S-19 20-21
. i
FOR SALE Canyon Airbrake, 30
cents share. Box 1397- M-ll-12
FOR SALE Harvard classics.
51
volumes. icasonaMe price
P-
Box 1573. M-ll-12
FOR SALE Dresser, dining table,
full bed, oil stove, rocker, rugs,
chairs, etc., at a bargain. H. T.
Weaver, second row, South Bisbee.
M-9-11-12
FOR SALE One Ford racer, cueap
Inaulre HiKh School Karasre.
M-9-11-12 j
FOR SALE Settings of guaranteed i
eggs, thoroughbred Barred and Part
ridge Rocks. Mrs. R. S. Beaton,
Queen Laundry,, Brewery Gulch.
3I-9-tf
FOR SALEr-Almost new Ford tour
ing car in i,ood condition. -Owners- T, . . ,
leavins town. Will sell ch jap. Ap-;FO. Ri-NT burnished
ply Brooke garage. M-7-8 9-11-12-13 j
FOR SALt Or trade for proper:, j
Studebaker car in good condition.
Rir 21fi4 !1 M-S-7-8-9-1.1-12 "
!
FOR SALE Or will trade for Bisbee
property. One lot in Los Angeles.! . -
45x135. Best residence section, all jFOU RENT Two lurnished house-
improvements.
Phone Red 867.
John P. Steffes.
2-25-tf i
FOR SALE Soda founUln. used one !
. season. Apply Warren Drug com-!
pany. U '
FOR SALE-Two one-ton Studebaker j
trmk in e-nod .-onditicn. Inauire at 1
J. B. Angius. Phone 29. 2-25
rOR SALE Two lots on Oregon,
-treet, one on Chicago avenue, Lo-
i ell. Johnson addition, each 30x60 i
luct. Address M. J. Greenan, uaK
and. Calif. General delivery. 875
XOR SALE Uncalled for suits. II
Levin, Lowell, Ariz. 597
FOR SALE Wbite and Brown Leg
horn chicks, $15 tier 100. From bred !
to lay stock. My terms are $2 per
100 with order, balance one week
before they are ready. IL F. D.
No. 3. Phoenix, Ariz. Forester's
Hatchery- 3-13
FOR SALE Four rooms and bath, in
Warren. Large lot. Might consider
selling part of furniture with house.
1750, part cash, balance less than
?15 per month. Will accept Liberty
bonds at fare value. Will ray over
2i per cent on investment. See Cus )
Haiglcr. 2-13-tf
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Boy to .carry papers for
the Bi.sbeo Daily Review in Jigger
ville di.striv.t. Must bo boy of good
character and able to furnish bond.
Call at offi'-- evenings.
WANTED Boys to learn paper
routes. Good money. Review. 2 lDtf
Female Help Wanted
WANTED (iii I for general house
work, privufj lamily, good wascn.
, Phone 513. ' M il 12 13
Situations Wanted
Female
SITUATION WANTED Nurse;
liable. . Phone 352.
M 11-12 13 II 15-1S 17 18 19-2'i 21 22 23
21 25
For Exchange
FOR EXCHANGE- One five room
plastered house in Orauge. Calif.
Might consider automobile in first
class condition an part payment.
Addrcs3 Box 664. Warren. Ariz. 3-22
TO TRADE Local stock for automo
bile. Apply P. O. Box 2308.
M-S-9-11-12-13-11-1L
REVIEW WANT ADS
For Rent
FOR RENT Two or four furnished
housekeeping rooms. 14 Laundry
hill. Shearer. M-12-13-14
FOR RENT Three nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms. 12 Jiggerville.
Ml 1-12-13
FOR RENT Nice four room unfur
nished house with bath. Up city
steps across from Lincoln school,
Adame addition. M-ll-12-13 14
M-ll-12-13-14-15-16
I FOR RENT New three room furnish-
e house. Mrs. Wtawood, Winwood
.p PI,VT- 7 "T
FOR RENT-Fonr room house. Sou h
sbee See Stanley Ruse, 114
Mason hiU ? 4-
M-lM2-13-14-la-16-li-lS-19--0
coni-;FOR RENT Three furnished rooms
for housekeeping. Lights and water
furnished. 103 Mason MIL Phone
736. M-ll-12-13
FOR RENT Two rooms around
Castle Rack. Mrs. Lewis. M'll-12-13
YOli RENT Three room furnished
house. 93-B O. K. street. Inquire
Geo. Marshal. 11 Laundry hill.
M-ll-12-13-14
FOR RENT Three room furnished
house. Apply upstairs. 37 Montana
street, Johnson addition. M-ll-12
FOR RENT Four - room apartment
comnletelv furnished. Phone Green
516, Warren.
M-ll-12-13
;foR RENT Four room furnished
1 house. Mrs. Hanley. 170 Opera
Drive. . M-ll-12
FOR RENT Three rooms furnished
for housekeeping, ?20
Opera Drive.
month, li-t
M-ll-12
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms
partly furnished. At Rock house.
South Bisbse. M-9-11-12-13-14-15
.O-lpOR RENT
One 11 room unfurnished
house, Dubacher canyon. Box 2538,
or phone Red 786. M-9-11-12-13-14-15
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. Water and lights,
520. 102 Higgins hill. M-9-11-12
FOR RENT Two new furnished
rooms, ?16. Lights and water.
George Weich, upper Tombstone
canyon. Sims addition. M-9-11-12
, .
Housekeeping rooms,
FOR RENT
three minutes from postoffice. 81
School hilL M-9-11-12
FOR RENT Furnished cement house
back of C. & A. office, Warren. Mrs.
W. R. Johnson. M-9-11-12
rooms for
light - housekeeping, reasonable.
Across the second track from Lo
well depot, 56 Upper Lowell.
M-8-9-1 1-12-1 3-1 4
FOR RENT Furnished rooms, close
in. 4 Quality hilL M-S-3-11-12
Keeping rooms. j. j-uuury mu,
Shearer.
Al-5--lt
FOR RENT Two light housekeeping
rooms. Lights, water and gas 120
' pper LowclL M-6-7-S-9-I1-12
FOii RENT Five room house, bath,
Pantry, wash house, two rooms fur
nished. 20.
dry hill.
James Gilbert. 50 Lauu-
M-6-7-S-9-11-12
w ....
noubeuis
rooms wen lurmsuea, ciuse iu. .u
children. 4'J O. K. street. 2 27 U
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms,
close in. Alia Vista apartments, 011
Tom r 'it'onno L-1 4 '
FOR RENT-Furnned rooms. Broad-
way rooming house. Wl
FOR RENT SOOu squate fet flooi j
space. Suitable for warehouse, ccn-;
trally located in business district.
Address W. II., Review. . 2-dh
FOR RENT Furnished front room.
34 Quality till, opposite school.
M-9-11-12
Miscellaneous
SENI YOUR ROUGH DRY To the I
Standard and see the difference. ! Gripping P.cturization of Human Emo
Phone 57. M il 12-13-14-15 16 . tion is Verdict of Those Who
FORDS START EASY IN COLD !
WEATHER With our new 1919
carburetors. 34 miles per gallon.
Use cheapest gasoline or half kero-
eene. increased power, les ior
any motor. try siow ou uigu. --
tach it yourselL Big profits to
agents. Money back guarantee. 30
days' trial. Air-Friction Carburetor
company. lSS -Mauison, uayion
Ohio.
M-9
Angeles." about Auto. Radio. Com-lk.r ,ire o a,, whicn are wilhout
merciai and Engineering courses i., ,,aralltl on the Btrccn. Mr. Walsh was
l ram tor service. -00
Burke. No. SO Red house Iack Chris
tian churcu. M 9-11 12 U
F Yl)V
WANT THE BEST LA UN-
DRY WOilK Call the Stan.iaru.iuie love mac way. 100.
I 'hone 57. .mii-i:ijh-iji!
Money to Loan
5 TO 5 U3ANED SAL.MUED PEO -
FLU Without securitv. rurniture
;
lOHllH. Cnepesl rates, easiest yay-
moni will i ash vour Liberty
siest iay-
r Liberty
boud and W. S. S. Cox Co., 7 Klineu
.....
Sparks buildup.
tf-M-1
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
with a minimum charge of 2o cents.
insertion in next morning's paper.
Warlted
WANTED Second hand rifle, small
caliber. Must be in good condition.
Address N. E. G., care Review.
WANTED To board and care for
child. Address E. B., care Review.
F-2S-M12
WANTED To buy, a bunch of hens.
Address Box S661, LowelL
M-ll-12-13-14
Lost
LOST Small black pocketbook either
in Lowell or in front of Lyric barber
shop. Finder keep money and return
pocketbook to Quick Service restau
rant, or mail to Frank Rath. Lo-
. well. M-ll-12
LOST Wind blew off clothes line
blue serge skirt. Phone 247. M-ll-12
LOST Two keys on
Return to Review.
white
string.
M911
Legal Notices.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
023275
Department of the Interior
S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.,
U
February 15, 1919,
Notice is hereby given that Pearl E.
Voorhees, of Hereford, Arizona, who,
on September 5. 1913, made Home
stead Entry 023275 for the SE. Vi Sec.
2S, T. 22 S., R. 21 E., and on May 11,
1915, made additional Homestead En
try No. 027394. for S. V NE. i Sec. 28,
W. Vt NW. 14, Sec. 27, Township 22 S.,
Range 21 E., G. & S. R. Meridian, has
filed notice of intention to make three
year proof, to establish claim to the
land above described, before Jared D.
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 25th day of March,
1919.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A. Lyth, of Hereford, Ari
zona. . Albert J. Voorhees, of Hereford,
Arizona,
John E. Nelson, of Bisbee, Arizona.
Louis A. Boedecker, of Turner, Ari
zona, Adv. JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
026018
Department of the Interior
S. Land Office at Phoenix. Ariz-
U.
February S. 1919.
Notice is hereby given that John
Corning, of Hereford, Arizona, who, on
November 7. 1914. made Homestead
iiLLLi, j. v-uuis. ior w sec. Za,
I X E Vi. Sec. 26. Township 23-S. Range
j21 - E, G. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has
! filed notice of intention to make three
j year proof, to establish claim to the
; land above described, before Jared D.
Xav, lr s t
Arizona, on the ISth dav of March.
1919.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Pearn F. Prather, of Bisbee, .Ari
zona. Milton Clark Z. -
Joseph Hammer, both of Garces,
Arizona.
Edward Wilcox, of Warren. Arizona.
JOHN L. IRVIN, Registrar.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
02S436
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ar'z
February 15.J919.
Notice is hereby given that Manuel
Larranaga. of Garces, Arizona, who, on
September 29. 1915, made Homestead
Entry, No. 02S436. for S. NW.
Entry, No. . 02S436, for S. i
N- W. N. i S. W. 14 Sec 34",
Township 23 S., Range 21 E.,
G. & S. R. Meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make three year proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee. Arizona, on
the 25th day of March. 1919.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James E. Kelly, of Garces, Arizona.
wl Kuncii, AT1-
William R f IIereford
Ceorge J
auv. JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
MASON OUTPOINTS MOORE
(By Ilf-vifw Lted Wire
SOUTH BEND, Ind.. March 11.
Frankie Mason of Fort Wavne. won
the popular decision over Pal Moore of
.nempnis in a ten round bout staged
at the Temple Athletic club here "to
night. THE FILM OF 10C0 THRILLS
Have Seen It
William Fox will present soon in
this city a film drama which has al
ready come to be kuown as the pride
of his studio. In the ereat and tui -liu-
; study of. American life, "The Honor
nybtem. directed by II. A. Walsh all
or the artistic, scientific and psycho
logical knowledge of film production
which this pioneer producer has he
has UUt Uncnidinnlv intn lhi ma.
jtstic ttory of the suffering human
, aJld raise(1 in Arizona and shows
'it 1 1 in h . ... . . r . if.
c uini 1U ill.) nuiiuil Ul I pt. lit
positively uses no Bergen (X.
J
start. His
nen of I ho west breathe.
snort and fight western fashion. And
; "t iuouig suub is wncn ine
;rujuurirei aim rangers 01 one town
uasn mauiy on tneir mustangs - and
. cayues to the rescue of their pals in
1 another border town. It has been
laiutu ny .Mexican na nuns, and air.
v .... ':il..v. I, ..
niru n cuuc manes w 11m v uiuiuum
raid look like a game of croquet. The :
Walsh's
j raid look
. word has lieen brought to the boys of
. : . . 1 T i 1 ...
word nai
Lariat b;
! Lariat by Joe Stantou. the hero. In a
whirlwind of passion they ride across i, u"
the desert, the American Hag at the:
head, and save the town. Adv. ' L lunm
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
I NEW YORK, March 11. Trading tn
i the stock exchange today lacked the
activity and enthusiasm of yesterday's
record session,' but the tendency was J
unmistakably upward after an irreg
ular opening, with many substantial
gains at the close.
Uncertainty at the outset was due
chiefly to the heaviness of shippings
and several industrial specialties and
the' restricted movement of United
States Steel and rails.
Rails and shippings became decidtjd
ly strong later.
Dealings were broadest and most
active in the final hour, United States
Steel rising almost two points to 98
and affiliated industrials, equipments,
oils, tobaccos and dstilllng issues ad
vancing three to ten points.
Foremost eatures were American
Tobacco. Industrial Alcohol, Generel
Electric. American Air Brake, Mexi
can Petroleum, United Cigars, Ameri
can International, United Fruit and St.
Paul preferred. Sales amounted to
1,000,000 shares.
Bonds again failed to reflect the
strength and activity of the stock lit,
the tone in the main being somewhat
mixed. Liberty issues easing. Total
sales, par value, aggregated $9,375,000.
Old United States coupno and regis
tered 4's advanced h per cent on call.
GRAIN MARKET
CHICAGO. March 11. Lifting of
the railroad embargo against New
York rallied the corn market today
after prices had ruled lower duing
most of the session. The close was
unsettled, ijc off to 2V&e net advance
with May fl.Sei to $1.37Vi and July
$1.31 14 to 1.31. Oats finished un
changed to c highre; provisions
gained 50c- to $1.
Cats merely duplicated the action of
corn.
Provisions scored a general maximum
advance owing to radically higher
quotations on Digs.
COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK, March 11. Cotton
closed barely steadv at a decline of
25 to 3S poins on the new contrac-is,
while old style months were 43 points
higher on March, but generally 10 to
25 points lower.
METAL MARKET
iSEvv i okk, March 11. Lead, un
changed. Spelter quiet; spot East St.
Louis delivery, 6.106.22; March.
6.126.22H; copper unchanged.
L. J. Overlook, Broker .
Closing Quotations March 11, 119.
NEW YORK
American Car 93
American Can - 47
American Smelters 70 -4
Ealtimore and Ohio 49
Baldw in . . i SS
Beth B. 70
C. & 0 59 V.
C. F. & 1 11
Canadian Pacific . . 16iV2
Central Leather 6
's
Crucible
667s
Distillers
Erie
Goodrich
General Motors
Industrial Alcohol ..
Lackawanna
Marine
J-arine pfd
63'4
177
6S
71
25
107
46 4
ISS
76
94
86
S4
62 1
9S
114
39
35
195,2
130
43
43
15 r-s
Midval
Mexican Petroleum
New York Central 1
Northern Pacific . .
Reading
Rubber
Republic Steel
Studebaker ,
Steel com
Steel pfd
St: Paul
Sinclai Oil
Texas Oil
Union Pacific ....
1 . S. 1. .........
Un Motors
Wcstinghouse
NEW YORK MINING
Anaconda
AlasKa
Butte
Chino
Chile
Green "Can 1
Inspiration ; '
Kennecctt
Miami
Nevada
Shattuck
Utah Copper ,
2li
04
19
347's
IS -4
43
17
30
23
l'ivs
11
- BOSTON COPPERS
Adventure l.'.'o
Alluoez 41
Arizona Commercial .. 12'4
C & A Co
C. H 4-15
C. Range 41
East Bui to 0Si
Graiiby 71
Hancock "6
KOWl'UKIW t.'l
like (1
Ii S:tHe 0::
Ma yl lower 03' j
Mohawk -; 54
Noith Butte I"'"S
Nip 09 'i
Oscf-ola 49
Pond Creek 13'.s
Quincy 5
Shannon 2rS
Snp ltoston f(2''i
ft. Marys U,
Utah Con 'vij
Winona !'
0. ill iUilMoil ,
' ft. Marys
CURBS
A. A.
j Arizona Bin
'Arizona Silver Kin:
; jjj., ; i.e,1:e' .
: i-.ri t-mil1 rl,ui,,t, '"'
II
1
r.
"5
f'l "
."
16'
(
j (..lh )UU j,.rull.
, r . n.,
. v "
Con Copix-r
I .. A ri'mi'
: . .
! Den 11
LEASED WIRE
Gadsden
Green Monster
Grnad Island ..
Hull
Howe Sound . .
Jerome Verde . .
Magma Copper
Magma Chief .
Miami Con
Porphyry
05
22
03T
044
7s
29
30
08
Ray Here
02fc
Tom Reed 1.73
Tuolomne
1.9S
United Eastern .! '. 4.9
Verde Extension . .
Verde Combination
Wol Ariz
Curtiss
Wright Martin
Cosden
Federal Oil
Glen Rock
Island Oil
Okmulgee
Mid West Ref.
34
02
12
n7,,
-?
04
07
1.55
OATMAN
(By Collins & Bretherton)
Bid Ask
.07 .OS '
.09 .10 j
.07 .OS
.12 .13
.04 .05
.06 .07 1
.04 .06 !
15'
.09 :10 1
.OS .09
.19 .21
1.72
4.90 4.92
.04 .05
.20
3.27 3.62 1
.'0 ..62 1
.11 .13 1
.S7 .94
.06 .07
.75 .SI
.14 16
A6 .12
.40 .45
.25 .SO
1.S7 2.00
.75 .S7
.02 .10
Argo
Adams
Arizona Rex .
Ariz-Tom R
Big Jim Cod
Boundary Cone . .
Gold Ore ....
Gold Road Bon
Gold Cliff
Lucky. Boy
Sunnyside
Telluride
Tom Reed
United Eastern . .
United Western .,
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS
GadsJen
Green Monster
Butte London
Eundee
Venture Hill
Jerome Verde
Ark-Arizona
Ins-Needles
Hull Copper
Magma Chief
Wolv-Arizona
Verde Combination
Miami Consolidated
Night Hawk
Grand Island
Nacozari Consolidated ..
Con. Copper Mines
Porphyry ;
Calumet and Jerome
Feather River
1.00
.22
5.0:)
-62
.IS
4.S7
.50
.44
.13
GLOBE. March 11. Captain Herb
Woodward of the U. S. engineers, sta
tioned at Camp Humphreys, Va., for
several months, received his discharge
and returned to his home in this city
ifonday night.
BACKACHE
Limber Up With Penetrating Hamlin's
Wizard Oil
A harmless and effective prepara
tion to relieve the pains of Rheuma
tism. Sciatica. Lame Back and Lum
bago is Hamlin's Wizard Oil. It pen
etrates quickly, drives out soreness
and limbers up stiff aching joints and
muscles.
You have no idea how useful it
will be found in cases of every day
ailment or mishap, when there is
need cf an immediate healing, anti
septic application, as in rases of j
sprains, bruises cuts, burns, bites !
and stings. i
Get it from druggists for 30 cents.
If not satisfied return the bottle and
get your money back.
Ever constipated or have sick
headache? Just try Wizard Liver j
Whips, pleasant little pink pills. 30 .
cents Guaranteed. '
Gas Fired Water
Bisbee
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giviug the es
sential facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of
gathering wilj be- found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE. LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
night, Moose IlalL
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
R. L GLEASON,
Dictator.
BISBEE LODGE NO.
10. I. O. O. F.
meets yery
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially Invited to attend.
i Hall phone 119.
FRANK WEBSTER. N. G.
V LESTER EUSTACE, SecT.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and 4th Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' hall. Visiting
sisttrs are cordially invited.
ELSIE CALEY, M. E. C,
- . Phone Black 333.
OLIVE BAILEY, M. of R. C,
Phone 719.
MARCH 15, 1919
Monday 1st Degree.
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Chap. Reg.
Friday
Saturday
THOMAS HARGIS, W. M.
B. T. WATK1NS, Sec'y F. & A. M.
W. R. BANKS, E. H. P.
N. C. BLEDSOE, T. J. M.
J. L. POWELL, E. C.
F. S. DAVENFORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175, F. O
E meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, 8 p. m..
Eagles Hail.
Visitors cor
dially wel
come. EDWIN O LLER ENS HAW, Pres.
jF. C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
j a U EDMUNDSON, Aerie Physician.
j BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
1 ' ' YEOMAN
-59 Richard I. Homestead SQ.1 m oof mafL.
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vich hall. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
F. W. TURNER, Foreman,
Phone Black 468.
P. O. Box 981, Warren.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent. Box 1496.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
y. O. L. NO. 210.
meets in I O.
O. F. Hall. 2d
and 4th Wed
p. m.
nesday at 7:30
Visiting Broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. WM. T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secreta-y !
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
I
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
'; ytr?,C5r vmcw ran v 1511B
m,0 o,.,,,-
Medigovich Hall.
S. T. MOSS, CousuL
i P. MATHEWSON
Clerk.
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply ol
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Go.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
St Rati bone Lodge No. U
Knights of Pythias,
1 meets each Tuesday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at T.Z9
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
JACK CAIN, C. C.
W. E. McCALLUM, K. of R. 3-
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalter Ruler
C W. HICKS, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m., Finnish hall.
R. A. WOOD, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodaien invited.
OROER OF EASTERN STAR
meets In Masonio Hall
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. HELENA RAG SD ALE, W. M
Thone 500.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Sec'y, P. O
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com..
i'uone 471.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED '.
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Mtets in L O. O. F
Kail First and Third
Saturdays. V i s i t is
brothers welcome.
J. L. BENTON, Councillor.
P. L. WOODMAN. Jr., Rec. Secy.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
ifjjv VViJ Bisbee Lodge No.
jvfr 452. meets the 2d
Jk and 4th Satur
days each month
at 7:30 at New
Odd Fellows
Hall,
vited
Visiting members cordially in-
JULIA TOOLE, President,
Phone 27S.
GEO. POOLE. Treas P. O. Box 2229
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary.
- Box 1621.
Bisbee Miners
Union No. 125,
I n t ernational
Union ot Mine.
Mill & Smelter
Workers,
meets every
Sunday night
at Philadel
phia hotel
bldg., at 7 p.m.
R. J. W1LBERT.
Secretary.
U M. PURCELL.
President.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESCI.TS
Heater
LODGE NO. 671
i 2!S ! "
H
Li: ;j
ri !'i
i 'I
'"I -
Pi: I
1
I
I
i
i
i THE EISBEE DAILV REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12, 1919.
MYSTERY FIRE RAZES
HOUSE IN TOMBSTONE
CANYON, LOSS $2508
Tins
T HISSING GIRL IS !
FOUND AT LOWELL:
Residence and
Owned by H. Livingston
Destroyed
i TO THE COAST. fciciers and former siiJiers applying
j -.ii. .iii.i j'.rs. .rv. ir. iicuresor 01 ivr me ' i lxus, navp nuiieu ioe cer-
Warren It it yeittrtiay iriorning for Los tified copy 1 1 their disihar.e to Wash
J Angela, -w hero they will spend a vaca-; in-Uou, iust-.ttd of the original dis
Fumiture i tion- thare. Where thi has been ione
, corrected papers will be prepared
TO LOS ANGELES. uPjI presentation of the original -lis-
v. i".l !. as follows: Woe J days. It to
j - a. ui. and 1 to t p. m.; Sundays and
rliduvd. ? to a. in., it was an
no iiited yesterday.
GUESTS AT COPPER QUEEN.
Among the guests at the Copper I
!el .Tanvsonfc who has 1.h -.. re
potted missing f 1 ra hr honis since
list Friday, was found by Jputy slier-,
ifi.s in a rooming houe in Lowell Mon
day niht hi company wiih Jack An
derson. Andorson was taken to the ;
Lowell county jail and charged with
contributing to the delinouency of
TO PHOENIX.
W. B. Gohrinc of the Calumet & Ari
zona company, is in Phoenix for a few
days attending to business matters.
Loss of approximately $2500 wa3
sustained last night when a fire of un
known origin completely 'gutted out a
bouse and all the furniture, owned
by H. Livingston, on Locklin avenue,
near Tombstone canyon. The fire was
first seen by neighbors whose atten
tion was attracted by a bright light.
The fire department was notified and
arrived on the scene In record time,
but it was found impossible to get wa
ter to the fire on account of the leca-
tion of the house. . : ILL WITH INFLUENZA.
As the house was completely envel-! E SmitJ f Warren is confined
oped in flames when the department i to nis o suffering with influenza,
arrived none of the furniture could be !
salvaged. Livingston and his famlry ' " KO" cananea.
ilrs. Harry Stewart and children left ! t11'1 at tne itea cross omces, wnere; Queen hotel are- a j vaivr noii. I Mabel Jameson. The officers at Lo.
last night on the Golden State limited assistance to men seeking the bonus is ; j. q Karskea and C. B Stebbins San ' wel1 were notifies by the mother of
.. i j-rancisco: jv. w uawenn f-i pcn- i ii'- sin. no is oniy 11 vears oia ana
H. McEachern and H. J. Menki. Phoe- wno is a former sweatheart of Len
for Los Angeles, where they will spend
several week
TO TOMBSTONE.
Sol. Morganstern of Lowell went to
j Tombstone yesterday, called there to
j attend the superior court.
. - J-"? :, ' s
v. 5? 5 t ; t
i
0U0NG FAT LONG
Leaier in
rrcsti I:eU r r.d Vegetables
Kaco,
Son
onora,
iviexico
nii; and Paul Brown. Denver.
! Kenny, who is implicated in a robbery t
' of Lon Bottoms several weeks a?oJ
j that she had disappeared from her 1
i?ome a rmay muni.
jIN NEW RESIDENCE.
SERIOUSLY ILL. Robert Thain. mechanic at the Co-
Mrs. Helena Ragsdale is reported to ; chise Motor company, and family, have
. T . 11, - v, rw v w - -
bchool hill to a larger
be seriously ill at her home in Tomb
stone canyon
moved from
home on Oak street. Mason hllL
could not be found and although fire
men remained with the smoldering re
mains of the house until late at night,
the owner failed to arrive. The house
was located above the reservoir, hizh
in the canyon opposite the Garfield
school, and just outside the city limits.
BILLIARD DATES FIXED
(Bv Review Lraaed Wirf)
CHICAGO, March 11. Dates for the
championship three cushion billiard
match between Alferdo de Oro, holder
of the title, and Gus Copulos of De
troit, who set the night for March 27,
28 and 29.
Mr. and Mrs J. M. Gibbs of Cananea
are in Bisbee oa a visit. Mr. Gibbs
is American consul at Cananea.
IN CHARGE CF STORE. -
- Dr. G. D. Hudson has taken charge
of the Bisbee Drug company and fn the
future it .will be managed by him. .
IS RECOVERING.
Robert G. Linden, a C. & A. foreman,
who has been ill with influenza, is re
covering rapidly.
RETURNS FROM SOUTH.
Mrs. p. A. Pressley, wife of the as
sistant postmaster, returned this week
from a trip through Texas and Louisiana.
SHORTAGE OF TAX BLANKS.
Judge J. L. Winters of Lowell has
been busy every day for two weeks
filling out income tax returns for resi
dents of Lowell." Yesterday he was
forced to turn many away because he
had used uj all the blanks. "
WOMAN'S LEAGUE MEETS I
The Woman's League of the Presbv-1
terian church will meet in the church baseball stars nicruiprcn
parlors Wednesday afternoon at 2:30 ! nfir vrn I-h
o'clock. Mrs. Fisher and Mrs. Frasor YGJ& a.r c,h l-Ens,gn ,
o .n,oa I 1 auu uriscou ana e-nsisn ueorge ;
Halas. football and baseball stars at
will be the hostesses.
.the Great Lakes Naval Training sta-'
CHILDREN'S ASSOCIATION ! tion. were released from active duty!
The Arizona Children's Home asso-1 todav.
ciation wlil meet with Mrs. Walter! 1
Borden's Malted Milk for
children home from school.
Nourishing delicious hot
or cold.
Insist Border 's cluruys.
In square packtfet aly.
, 7 7 -,v 1 rxrvur nmj
MALTED MILK
,.i ii. nm. m ii. 1 1 iimji. I.I mx ii ..m-.f,7WAn
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depnt
PHONES 640 and 50.
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diemor.ds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House IS Branch Stores.
United Loan Jswelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
Gage, at Warren, at 1:30 o'clock this!
afternoon. All members are urged to
attend. !
Business Locals
TO TOMBSTONE.
A. D. Richardson and W. E. Wallace
went to Tombstone yesterday, attend
ing superior court.
REVENUE OFFICER HERE.
William G. Burris, deputy internal
revenue collector, will remain in Bis
bee until March 15, to give informa
tion with regard to income tax returns.
THE ANNIVERSARY
ST. PATRICK'S BALL
Given under the auspices of St.
Patrick's Parish, Eagles' hall. March
17, 8 p. m. M-12-13-14-15-IO
Dr. Playrair, Osteopath. SS Mason
hill. Mason hill car stop. Phone Blue
647. Adv.
Orders taken for masquerade
tumes at McDonald's. Phone 205.
cos-
ROC KH ILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leave Bisbee,
Bisbee Auto company, 7:45 a. 1:30
p. m. Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
Painter and Paper Hanging, Signs.
C J. BRANDT
Box 150. 27 Broadway. Phone 45S.
FROM NACO.
W. O. Russell of Naco was in the
city yesterday on a business trip.
FROM TOMBSTONE.
R. B. Krebs. county recorder, was
in the city yesterday from his home in
Tombstone.
TO ASSIST SOLDIERS
The Red Cross office in the Library
building has been advised that some
L. L. Gilman sells the New Edison,!
i ne monograph w ith a SouL" Adv
Private dancing lessons at all hours
Mrs. Sales' Academy, O. K. street
Phone 1S2.
ATTENTION K. OF P.'S.
All members are requested to be
present Tuesday. March 11. Working
in the third rank and refreshments.
M-S-ll J. CAIN, C. C.
The congregation of the Presbyter
ian church ;3 ca'led to meet on Wed
nesday, March 12, at 7:G0 p. el, at the
church. Important matters connected
with the work of the church for the
ALLEGED POKER GAME
RAIDERS ARE TRIED
Unusual interest was shown in
Judge J. Allison's court last night dur
ing the preliminary hearing of Eugene
Meyers and H. G. Davis, two youths
who were arrested by the police Sun
day night and charged with highway
robbery. At the conclusion of the hear
ing of testimony from 12 witnesses,
and which lasted from 7 until after 10
o'clock. Judge Allison took the case
under advisement until 11 o'clock tn:
morning.
According to evidence submitted by
J. O. Keys, he was playing poker with
four other men in a room of a house
on O. K. street. At about "11 o'clock
two men who wore masks entered the
room and ordered the men at the table
to put up their hands and face the
wail. The holdup men took several
dollars off the table and then searched
the men who were standing facing the
wall. During this time a revolver shot
was fired, the Lullet er.tereti the table
IN FROM RANCH.
Mr. and Mrs. Steele Woods of San
Bernardino ranch, near Douglas, are in
Bisbee visiting with Mr. Woods fath
er, II. M. Woods.
MRS. MABRY RECOVERING
Mrs. Harry Mabry, who has oeeu i
seriously ill at. her home in Spring ; i
canyon ior tne past rive weeks, is ;
slowly recovering. '.
Today
ONLY
CASTELLO ALMOST WELL !
Joe Castello, who was accidentally'
shot in the leg two weeks ago, will !
soon be at work again. . j
TT
TO LEAVE FOR TEXAS
W. M. Uyrley has sold his home in
Spring canyon and will leave soon for
Texas, where he will ..return to the
farm.
THEATER
tinuous I
rom I
Continuous
From
1:00 to 11:00
P. M.
FROM TOMBSTONE.
M. I. McKilllgan, assistant county
prosecutor, is in Bisbee attending to
several legal cases.
M'DCNALD HERE.
Sheriff James F. McDonald arrived
in Bisbee last night from Phoenix,
where he had attended the sheriffs'
convention. He will attend to much
business here in connection with his
office.
DISPENSARY HOURS. j
Beginning this week the dispensary
hours at the Copper Queen dispensary ,
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdgM Main Street
Phone 26 Box I12f
GOLDWYN Presents the Celebrated DIVA
GERALMNE " F ARE AE
in-
i
The romance of a woman who staked her all on Love,
less star, PEARL WHITE, in-
OF TH
WHEEL"
Also, Pathe presents tliet fear-
"T
HE LIGHTNING RAIDER"
'
"Horses of War"
Episode
V No. 8. ;
Presented by the Division of Films, Committee cn Public Information. And, for a good
laugh, see
"FATTY" Arbuclde in "THE SHERIFF"
1
I TODAY CONTINUOUS, i TO 11 TODAY
4
Admission: Lower floor, 15c; Balcony, 10c;
Includes the War Tax.
Reserved 25c;
This I
J!
M Si
i rm m
JIJ Una glanced off and entered the wall.i
all members and adherents are urged
to be present The Sessions and
Board of Trustees. M-9
PYTHIAN SISTERS
4.
ill meet
No meeting March 11.
Tuesday, March 18, instead.
M-9 ELSIE CALEY, M. E. C.
CARD OF THANKS
We wish to express our appreciation
for the kindness shown us by our
friends during the sickness and death
of our little son.
M-12 DR. AND MRS. C. J. MORRIS?
A BIG DINNER
The Catholic ladies will give a din
ner and entertainment from 12 noon
until 8 p. m.. Sunday. March 16. in St.
Patrick's halL M-12-13-14-15-16
All members of Woodmen Circle
must pay their per capital tax before
March 25. Pauline F. Brown, clerk.
M-12-13-14-15-16-17-18-19
This evidence was Corroborated by
Walter Hitch and J. O. Lindsey, who
were in the room at the time of the
alleged holdup. The 'police were noti
fied of the shooting and their investi
gations resulted in Meyers and Davi3
being arrested in their room on Brew
ery Gulch.
When iii need cf a purga
tive, do not resort to vio
lent cathartics, but take the
gentle, natural laxative
cecna
Pills
Lareort Sal of Aay MeiKcin in th WorM.
Sold tnrrvWc In Boxes. lOt. 25.
ntiUti!liiU'
Specifications
it makes a whole lot of differ
ence what kind of lumber you
use. -If the lumber is to come
from us, you can figure on
quantities much closer than if
you don't specify us. There
is no waste to our lumber. It
can be used to the last inch.
If your plans are as right as
our lumber your building wiU
be a dandy.
BisbeeLumberCo.
(Incorporated)
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
Lowell Car Stop Phon-
8 v
I "TZT
MJm x
VM? V c is J
1
mm
ii 1
i l ri ji
' 1
Bargain Booth
TODAY
Housewives, take notice of thi3 opportunity to buy new
draperies at reduced prices. If you have postponed buying
draperies because of high prices, here is your chance. Few
housekeepers will be able to resist these bargains.
It will be a long time, indeed, before you will be able
to equal these values. Come and see yourself what the
value means.
The Delineator can be had at a reduced price for a few
days only. Subscribe now.
S
F i
me
1
WILLIAM FOX PRESENTS R. A. WALSH'S MASTER DRAMA
H T7
l i dp)
:oooooc
9 PARTS
L 1 .nyyiA-Ll
1000 THRILLS!
900 SCENES!
Youll say it's one of the greatest plays you ever
witnessed Don't Miss It.
An Attraction we not Hesitate
to GUARANTEE
Music by Gribble's Orchestra
The Greatest Human Story Ever Told
WITH AN ALL STAR CAST
Including
Geo. Walsfi, Marion Cooper,
Gladys Brockwell, Hilton Sills.
A THRILLING DRAMA OF AjMZCNAJFOrlER
UF EJSgEFEQtLDONJHE SCREEN
ostly Staged in
ARIZONA
M
ADMISSION:
CHILDREN, 15c;
ADULTS, 25c;
This includes tax.