J'
Haute
WEATHER
Saturday and Sunday
fair; not much change
Intemperature.
COPPER PRICE
May 14 E. &
M. Journal copper
quotation, $15.49.
1 Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL. 21 No. 119
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY, MAY 17, 1919
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
mt
IPP
ylfi
era
TMPOT
5 r
START' 11
OGEAM F
mi
HEWHY FOOD
T
U. S. MENACE
Called Pershing, Foch, Haig,
"Murderers", Claims Attor
ney for Defense in Suit.
Paper Which Styled Ford an
Anarchist Cites His Stand
Upon Enlistment as a Proof
MOUNT CLEMENS, Mich., May 16
Opening statements of counsel In
the libel suit of Henry Ford against
the Chicago Tribune occupied the en
tire day in Judge Tucker's court. Wey
mouth Kirkland of counsel for the
Tribune, who spone in the afternoon,
had , not concluded when court ad
journed until Monday. He will re
name then, after which the question
of scope of evidence will be argued
by counsel.
Said Pershng "Murderer," Claim
Mr. Kirkland referred to Genera'
Pershing and to Marshal Haig and
Generalissimo Foch as among the sol
diers on whom Mr. Ford would em
blazon the word "murderers." He was
on the subject of the military careei
of Col. R. R. McCormick, publisher ol
the Tribune, when the point came up
"McCormick got to be a lieutenant
colonel," said Attorney Kirkland, "and
General Pershing one of the profes
iional soldiers that Judjre Murphy
iyniir. Ford suouifi have the wotu
'murderer embroidered on his breast
made him a colonel. And wuentnej
tell you that you cannot put more
than one .meaning of the word "anar
chlsf I want you to remember the
mental gymnastics that Judge Murph
did here this morning trying to makt
you believe that Mr. Ford, when he
-advocated the brand 'murderer' did
not mean the boys who joined the
army in '1917, but professional sol
diers, soldiers like Pershing, and Haig
and Foch, who have been professional
soldiers all their lives."
Mr. Kirkland told how the news
Item on which the alleged liberout
editorial was based, had its origii
while the national guard was beinj.
recruited for service on the MexicaL
border, and many employers were pub
licly announcing that the pay of their
men who joined the colors would be
continued and their jobs held for
them.
Alleges Enlistment Discouraged
Inquiry at the Chicago branch of the
Ford company elicited a statement
that the branch manager was awaiting
instructions from the main office.
This was only two or three days be
fore publication of the editorial on
June 23. 1916, he said. The Detroit
correspondent was then appealed to by
telegraph. This correspondent, the
lawyer said, was informed by General
Manager CHngsmith of the Ford com
pany, a man was customarily accept-;
ed as an authority on Ford politics,
that the Ford, company would not con
tinue the pay'of its men who enlisted,
nor would it hold their positions open
nor give them preference should they
return and ask for their former posi
tions. : Answering Attorney Murphy's
charge that the Tribune sought to em
broil the United States in a. war with
Mexico in order that munitions re
quired at home would not be shipped
to the enemies-of Germany, Mr. Kirk
land asserted that this was sufficient
ly answered by the fact that the Tri
bune had advocated intervention since
1912.
Cites Mexican Raids
He urged further that Mexican raids
alon gthe border, the murder and rob
bery of American citizens in Mexico
. land even in the United States, were
ample reason why the Tribune should
advocate intervention, and certainly,
he said, more convincing than a round
about method of helping Germany or
aiding the Harvester company or
Standard Oil.
PARIS BANK STRIKE ENDS
PARIS, May 16. The strike of the
bank employes in Paris which began
May 5 is virtually over and all the
employes are expected to be at work
Monday, the bank directors having
promised an increase in , pay and
rhorter working hours.
BRITISH FLEET ANCHORS OFT HUN
EAST PRUSSIA PORT; EBERT DENIES
REPORT HE WILL SIGN PEACE TERMS
British Marine Forces to Occupy Memel in East Prussia
Near Russian Frontier; Accused by Pan-German
Press, Ebert Reiterates Refusal to Sign
LONDON, Saturday, May 17
A British fleet is anchored outside
of Memel at East Prussia, close to
the Russian frontier and the Brit
ish are expected to occupy the
place in a few days, according to
a Copenhagen-dispatch to the Ex
change Telegraph company, quot
ing Berlin advices.
BERLIN, Thursday, May 15.
(By the Associated Press.) As a
result of insinuations in the pan
German newspapers that the
Ebert -Scheidemann government
intends to sign the allied peace
terms, semi-official announcement
was made today that these in-
sinuations strike a false note and
that the government is rally uni
ted in its intentions to carry out
i
SONORA PUT BACK
I "WET COLUMN
American Gamblers in Wild
.Rush for Concessions as
Legislature Lifts Lid
NOGALES, May 16 With the
announcement that the legislature
of the state of Sonora, Mexico, had
voted the state wet, steps were
taken today to open the five sa
loons allotted Nogales, Sonora,
across the border from this point.
The country club there is being
refitted with a bar and a large
dance hall and cock fighting pits
are being installed.
It was stated that large sums
had been offered Mexican officials
by American gamblers for conces
sions throughout the state, but it
is understood that all gambling
halls and saloons will be conduct
ed by Mexican citizens.
DOUGLAS. Mav 16. Sonora has de-'
cided to rejoin the ranks of the wets, and commercial operators are all af
according to word brought to Agua fected. This means that Winnipeg will
Prietathis morning by Alonzo Gon- be isolated from the rest of the do
zalez, deputy to the state legislature minion by telegraph, telephone, and
from the Moctezuma district, embrac- mall.
ing Nacozarl and other large towns. Members of the general strike com
The state legislature is now inses-'mittee announced tonight that the ac-
sion at Hermoslllo and Deputy Gon
zales has just returned .from there." He
states that,, on .Wednesday the legisla
ture, by a vote of 11 to 3. voted to
abolish the prohibition law enacted
shortly after Calles became civil gov
ernor about three years ago. Beer,
wines and even mescal and whisky
vll be sold under the new law, it is
said.
Before the bill can become a law
it will require the signature of the
governor. Governor Calles is now out
of the state, having been called to
Mexico City, but it Is said that Acting
Governor Pino will sign the bill in
his absence and that Sonora will be
"wide open" by the first of June. Al-
ready in Agua Prieta arrangements of employes in several railroad depart
are being made to open up cantinas nients brought the situation to the
and .there is keen rivalry to secure 'floor of the house of commons at Ot
the valuable concessions. tawa today. A despatch received from
Sonora was first made dry by the Ottawa by the Canadian Press said
famous military decree No. 1 promul- the following statement was made in
gated by General Calles when he was j the house this afternoon by A. K. Mc
mllitary governor. Later when the Lean, minister without portfolio:
military governorship was abolished j "The minister of labor has been
and General aClles became civil gov--closely in touch with the situation at
ernor a prohibition law was enacted Winnipeg during the past ten days
by the legislature. It is this law which and he is being advised from moment
has been abolished. General Calles ( to moment. He is ready at all times
has always been an advocate of pro-; tQ Q anything he can in the circum
hibition but it is said that he is willing stances."
for Sonora to return to a wet regime
if the people of the state desire it.
With the return of saloons in Son-
ora and the enactment of prohibition ; to arbitrate the differences which
In the United States, the Mexican bor- caused the Winnipeg building and
der towns will become the mecca for metal trades union members to strike
thousands of the thirsty from the Unl-1 and which was followed by the gen
ted States, particularly if the present eral walkout yesterday which at pres
passport regulations are removed or.ent involves more than 60 unions and
made easier. ' 30,000 members.
its recently stated policy of de
clining to sign the compact.
Reports that lack of unity exists
In the cabinet also are denied.
Continuing the' announcement
says the government will not be
forced into a hasty "yes", or a
hasty basic "no" and that it is de
termined to abide by its original
stand on the unbearableness and
impossibility of fulfilling the pres-
i ent peace terms. The announce
ment concluded by saying the gov-
. eminent, however, would attempt
to negotiate an understanding
which would end In a peace of
Justice.
It is stated that Matthias Erz
berger, who has been accused of
differing with the cabinet, is com
pletely in accord with its views.
Wilson Message
To Put Suffrage
Before Congress
PARIS, May 16. President Wil
sog's message to be read at the ap
proaching session of congress will
make approximately 3000 words. It
is being sent forward to Washing
ton tonight.
The message deals entirely with
domestic questions. Some space In
It is devoted to woman suffrage.
EIGHTY UNIONS IN
I
E
City Cut Off from Outside
World by Telephone,
Telegraph, Mail
WINNIPEG, Man., May 16. Union
telegraphers of Winnipeg voted here
this evening to join the general strike
at noon tomorrow. Press and broker
tion of the aelegraphers brought the
total number of Winnipeg unions on
strike or ready to walk out, when the
general committee orders, to 80. Sev
eral unions which voted to join the
general movement have not been call-
ed out as yet.
The deadlock between union labor
'in Winnipeg and leading industrial
employers who refused to recognize
the unions continued today and al
though it was known that the general
strike which began yesterday morning
was receiving the attention of federal,
provincial and local officials, there
were no signs tonight of any approach
toward a settlement.
The postal tieup and the walkout
This statement was construed here
to mean that the government was
willing to co-operate In any movement
WINNIPEG
SU
ASK POPE TO
INTERCEDE
WTEIS
1 - '
Archbishop of Cologne, in Pe
tition to Pope Benedict,
Says Germany Facing Ruin
Allies Mobilize Floets and Ar
mies in Preparation for De
mand Turks Leave Europe
BULLETIN
LONDON, May 16. American
and British officers in Berlin have
been ordered to wear civilian
clothing outdoors, lest they incite
the population to demonstrations,
according to a dispatch from the
German capital to the Exchange
Telegraph under date of Thursday.
American couriers in uniform
. have mostly been forced to re
main in the Hotel Adlon, and
there is a general feeling in the
hotel that there will be trouble
within the next few days.
COLOGNE, May .16 (Havas).
Cardinal Hartmann, archbishop
of Cologne, has requested Pope
Benedict to intervene in the situa
tion between the allied powers
and Germany in order to protect
Germany from the complete
breakdown which, he alleges,
menaces her. In his appeal the,
cardinal asserted that the peace
conditions would mean the utter
ruin of Germany and fc,e a cruel
violation of the rights of 70,000,
000 inhabitants of the country.
PARIS, May 16. Advices to
the peace conference say that
transports carrying Greek troops
have sailed from Salonikifor
Smyrna.
In connection with the military
and naval forces at Smyrna
l'ltransigeant says that allied
troops also have been debarked.
It says that the concentration at
Smyrna is being taken agaiast the
day when the peace conditions im
posed on the Turks will be put
into effect and when the Turks
may be invited to leave Europe.
"PEACE MEET SUMMARY
(By the Associated Press)
Friday proved an off day in peace
conference circles, as far as the coun
cil of four was concerned., President
Wilson devoted the day to visits by
several delegations and individuals,
ranging from diplomats to labor rep
resentatives, while Premier Lloyd
George was absent from Paris, bidding
farewell to a Welsh regiment that left
for home.
Negotiations with the Austrian
peace delegation at St. Germain arc
exnected tn hprln the mfildl rf nprt
week. The Austrians probably will i
present their credentials at a meeting
of the peace congress Tuesday, and it
is reported unofficially that the fol
lowing day may witness the handing
of the peace terms to the delegation.
The council of foreign ministers is
continuing its labors on the details
of the Austrian peace treaty connect
ed with the question of new frontiers.
The treaty It is understood will not
deal with the disposition of Dalmatia,
Istria or Fiume, merely calling for
Austrian renunciation of rights to
these territories.
Alsace Note From Huns
Another note from the German
peace plenipotentiaries to the allied
and associated powers, said. to deal
with the question of Alsace-Lorraine,
is in course of preparation by the
Germans.
That the allies are preparing for the
eventful day when the Turks ar eto be
reckoned within a peace treaty is in
dicated by the fact that British,
French, American, Italian and Greek
warships, with landing parties, have
begu na great concentration at Smyr
na, Asia Minor. Allied troops also
are being massed at Saloniki.
The Chinese cabinet is reported to
have tendered its resignation, which
President Hsu Shih-Chang is said to
have declined to accept.
Vienna advices reported that many
persons have been killed in clashes
between Serbs and Coats at Agrani.
capital of Croatia.
WING WAY 650 MILES OVER
ATLANTIC WAVES IN FIRST
NINE HOURS AFTER HOP OFF
FLIERS ARE DUE IN
WASHINGTON, May 16. An official report from Trepassey Bay,
N. F., received late tonight, said weather conditions along the seaplane
route were good when the start was made and if the winds then prevail
ing continued the airships should reach the Azores in 19 hours, or about
1 p. m. tomorrow, Washington time.
' WASHINGTON, May 16. With the three seaplanes winging through
the night on the most diff'-ult leg of the attempt to fly across the At
lantic ocean, navy department officials stood guard here tonight over the
radio instruments, anxiously awaiting reports of the planes progress.
The planes, barring accident,, probably "were in radio communication
throughout the journey with the destroyers of the chain of ships that
pointed the way across the' sea. By searchlight beams, red fire bombs,
hurled high in air by anti-aircraftguns and by deck flares as well as by
radio waves, men on the destroyers tonight were giving every aid to thefr
comrades in the air. '
The little destroyers all along the line were busy, playing a vital part
in "the great experiment on the trans-oceanic communication and had little
time to send word home of what transpired. Reports showing how far the
flyers had progressed were expected to come in from time to time, however.
BOTH PARTIES SET
WASHINGTON, May 16 Three con
ferences to agree on plans for organ
ization of the new congress will be
held tomorrow. Democratic senators
will meet at 11 o'clock. Democrats of
the house plan to meet at noon and
Republican representatives will con
fer tomorrow night on ratification of
the committee assignments proposed
by the committee on committees.
Routine affairs only are claimed
for consideration at the Democratic
senators' conference. Senator Mar
tin of Virginia is scheduled for re
election tas leader and the confer
ence will frame a list of officers for
formal presentation against the Re-!
publican conference slate. Senator I
Pomerene of Ohio is among those dis-
cussed for the Democratic candidate
for president pro tern. The Democratic
leaders expect the Republicans to
elect their officers, and the conference
slate to be selected tomorrow, there
for ,is regarded as merely formal.
The conference also will name a com
mittee on committees to fix Democratic-committee
places.
Opposition to the choice of former
Speaker Clark as the Democratic
nominee for speaker and party floor
leader constitutes the chief point of
Interest in conference of house Demo
crats. The group opposing Mr. Clark
Baker Declares for
WASHINGTON, May 16. Sec
retary Baker Is expected soon to
make a public announcement of a
definite stand in favor of universal
education in military training,
with a statement of his reasons.
It is assumed hire that President
Wilson has approved his plan.
The plan understood to be fa
vored by Secretary Baker con
templates the use of the military
establishment .as a medium for
training the youth of the nation;
first, along academic and voca
tional lines and, as an entirely
separate and subordinate feature,
in rudimentary military science.
The secretary's suggested pro
gram is said to be based initially
on the benefits which will accrue
to the country from the higher
average of intelligence and the
improved standard of physical
well-being of the young men who
U. S. to Spend $1,000,000 At Nogales
NOGALES, Ariz., May 16. Gov
ernment plans to make the army
camps at Nogales, Lochiel and .
Arlvava, in the sub district of No
gales, permanent army posts and
to spend $1,O0O,CO0 on the imme
diate construction of barracks,
mess halls, stables, etc., were an
nounced here tonight by United
States army officials.
The war1 department, t was
said, would call for bids for the
construction within a few days of
124 permanent buildings in the
ub district of Nogales. Of these,
AZORES AT i P. H.
CONGRESS STAGE
held a conference tonight.
House Republicans expect their
principal contest tomorrow night to
center about the demands of forcos
favoring an increase from five to nine
in the membership of the party's steer
ing committee. Leaders of the ma
jority group tonight predicted that the
question would be settled without dif
ficulty, but Representative Longworth
of Ohio, a leader in the fight for the
change, declared that he would insist
on final action by the conference.
The Republican committee on con
mittees, meeting today, approved its
assignment of members to the stand
ing committees of the house, as well
as the selection of Representative
Mondell of Wyoming as floor leader,
and Representative Knutson of Minne-
sota, as whip. Despite this, some Re-
publicans suggested that a fight might
; be made against Mr. Knutson.
Numerous conferences were held to
day by both senate and house leaders
on plans for the opening session. The
question of notifying President Wil
son of the assembling of congress was
discussed, and general sentiment seem
ed to favor dispensing with the usual
custom of appointing notification com
mittees. Vice-President Marshall and Sen
ator Lodge of Massachusetts, held a
short conference late today.
Military Training
would be taken annually into the
training machine.
While the secretary's announce
ment is expected to be entirely an
exposition of his personal views.
It is assumed here that his advo
cacy of a form of educational
military national training will
mean the Inclusion of some such
plan as a basic part of the mili
tary policy to be laid before con
gress. No announcement has been
made from the war department
but well informed circles here are
confident the reorganized military
establishment will be planned un
der three principal heads: an en
larged regular army with strong
reserves; an expanded national
guard; and a form of national
training whereby the military in
struction will be entirely subordi
nated to the academic and voca
tional, i
the present plans for construction
call for 73 to be built at Nogales,
41 at Fort Huachuca and five each
at Lochial and Arivaca.
To make Camp Stephen D. Lit
tle more accessible, the war de
partment arrangement call for the
building of a railroad to connect
with the main line of the South
ern Pacific at Nogales and run to
the camp. This will tap the forge
supply warehouses and motor
truck camps. Work on the rail
road wll be started without delay
it was announced.
FIST
JIT
T
FUR AT SEA
Line of Destroyers Breaks Up
Behind Swiftly Moving
Conquerors of the Atlantic
Radio Messages Are Picked
Up at 3 o'clock in Morning
from Fleet 650 Miles Out
WASHINGTON, May 17.
The half way mark on the leg of
the trans-Atlantic flight from Tre
passey Bay, N. F., to the Azores,
was reached early today by the
American seaplanes. At 3 o'clock
this morning the navy department
received an intercepted message
from the seaplane NC-4 directed to
the Cape Race station saying the
three planes had passed station
ship No. 11, approximately 650
mile from the starting point.
WASHINGTON. May 16. The
radio station at Bar Harbor, Me.,
intercepted direct messages from
two of the seaplanes shortly after
m'dnight. One message picked
up at 12:27 o'clock was from the
NC-1, calling station ship number
9, approximately 500 miles away
from Trepassey Bay.
The first message from the Bar
Harbor station to the navy depart
ment said:
"At 12:10 a. m., heard the NC-4
sending on four 50 meter, say:
'Passed 410 Signals very weak."
It is uncertain at the depart
ment what the figures '414' meant.
The second message said:
"At 12:25 heard the NC-4 tell
Cape Race (British radio station):
'Am receiving ' interference. Go
ahead again.'"
The third message read:
"At 12:27 heard the NC-1 call
number. 9 and say: 'Answer.'"
WASHINGTON. May . 16. The
American naval seaplanes ea
route on the first attempt to reach
Europe from America by air,
passed station ship No. 6, the de
stroyer Ward, 300 miles from
Trepassey Bay, at 2:05 Greenwich
time (10:05 p. m. Washington
time), according to a message re
ceived via the Azores late tonight .
by the navy department.
The dispatch to the navy depart
ment was Bent by the Ward to
the U. S. S. Prairie at Trepassey i
Bay, which In turn relayed by,
radio to St. Johns, N. F., whence'
it reached Washington by cable
and telegraph. The means of send
ing the message back indicated
that the U. S. S. Aroostook already
had left Trepassey and that the
destroyer line behind the swift
ly flying planes was rapidly .
breaking up.
Immediately on receipt of the
official dispatches announcing
that the seaplanes were on their
day at last for Europe, the navy
department broadcasted to all
ships at sea and to the radio tow
ers of Europe the fact that the air
craft had taken wing. The time
of departure for the group given
in this official announcement was
6:09 p. m. Atlantic time.
TREPASSEY, N. F., May 16. Three
giant seaplanes of the American navy
the NC-3. NC-4 and the NC-1 rose
late today from the waters of Trepas
sey bay and headed for the Azores
in their attempt to cross the AUantlo
by air.
Commanded by Commander John H.
Towers, Lieutenant Commander A. C.
Read and Lieutenant Commander P.
N. L. Bellinger, the planes left their
moorings at the head of Trepassey
(Continued from Pare Thro)
FLYING
101H V
TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY, MAY 17, 1919
WHITE SOX TURN TABLES ON CHAMPS; j
GIANTS BEAT CUBS FOURTH STRAIGHT !
At Atlanta Atlanta. 3; Nashville 5.
At New Orleans New Orleans, 6;
Little Rock, 7.
At Mobile Mobile, 1: Memphis, 2.
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION
Indianapolis at Columbus and Louis
ville at Toledo postponed, raiu.
At s Pnnl St Paul 3- MinneaD-
ager Begdek of Pittsburg has been ,.
suspended for three days and Stengel j A' Ransas cityKansag city 10;
beatL r Z " Milwaukee, 5.
American League
WHITESOX TRIM CHAMPS
CHICAGO. May 16. Chicago
Boston by batting caidweu nara. f -j pjttsburg 200 100 2218 13 01
uui ins Thn0,ioinh,-a nno oon ill 2 4 n
Ratteries Cooper and Schmidt;)
Oeschger and Adams. j
bcr held Boston to three hits
wildness and a bad throw in the first
inning gave the visitors three runs.
The score: It. H. E.
Boston 300 001 0004 3 0
Chicago 040 010 20x 7 10 1
Batteries Caldwell and Schang;
Faber and Schalk.
Summary Two base hits,-Weaver;
Ittareo base hits. Felsch 2; sacrifice
hits, Strunk, Faber; sacrifice flies,
Gandil; boses on balls, off Faber 4;
Caldwell 3; hit by pitcher, by Faber 1;
struck out. Faber 3; Caldwell 1.
At .St. Louis St. Louis-Philadelphia;
wet grounds. '
At Detroit Detroit-New York; wet
grounds.
At Cleveland Cleveland-Washington;
ra?u.
REDS EVEN SERIES
BROOKLYN. May 16 Cincinnati
evened up the series with Brooklyn
by winning their second successive
shut out victory. Daubert scored the
only run of the game when he beat
out a scratch hit in the fifth inning,
took second on Kopfs out and came
home on Rariden's single to center.
The score: R. H. E.
Cincinnati , 000 010 O00V1 7 0
Brooklyn 000 000 0000 5 0
Batteries Luque and Rariden;
Marquard, Cadore and Krueger.
Summary Stolen bases, Neale; sac
rifice hit, Roush, M alone; bases
Los Angeles, 8; Oakland, 4 i
SAN FRANCISCO. May 16. Score: '
R. H. E. :
Los Angeles S 8 lj
Oakland .'4 6 2 1
Batteries Fittery, Aldridge and
Boles; Krause and Mitze.
,YAQUiS ON RAMPAGE;
ATTACK SONORATOWN
DOUGLAS, May 16. Yaqui Indians
numbering approximately 100 attack
ed San Pedro de Suoqui, a Sonora
village, 15 leagues south of Mocte
iuma, capital of the Moctezuma dis
trict, at daylight Monday morning.
i The inhabitants, after a battle of sev
eral hours, drove the raiders off with
a loss of seven killed. Three of the
BEATS JAP TENNIS STAR
'PALS FIRST' BIGGEST
NOVEL AND PLAY OF
YEAR, EAGLE TODAY
as
Marking its third
many different
presentation in
forms, Francis
Vernon, 8; San Francisco, 2
LOS ANGELES, May 16. Score:
R. H. E.
San Francisco 2 3 4
Vernon 8 11 0
Batteries Couch, Smith, Crespi and j Perry Elliott's popular story, "Pals
McKee; Dell and Brooks. I First," will be told on the screen at
ithe Eagle theater today and Saturday,
Sacramento, 9; Portland, 1 Iwith Harold Lockwood playing the.
SACRAMENTO, May 16. Score: ! stellar role. The production, which
R. H. E. i is in six acts, is presented by Screen
on 'Portland 1 5 2 Classics, .Inc., and distributed by
National League
GIANTS AGAIN BEAT CUBS
NEW 'YORK, May 16. New York
registered its fourth successive vic
tory over Chicago. Barnes held the
Cubs to three scattered hits, not a man
reachin gthird base. The Giants bunch
ed two singles and a sacrifice in the
sixth inning for their first run. Two
singles and an error by Hollocher
gave New York two runs in the sev
enth. The score: R. H. E.
Chicago 000 000 000 0 3 2
New York 000 001 20x 3 4 1
Batteries Tyler and Killefer;
O'Farrell; Barnes and McCarty.
Summary Two base hits. Pick; sac
rifice hits, Barnes; double plays, Zim
merman, Doyle and Chase; bases on
balls, off Barnes 1, Tyler 1; s
by Barnes 1; by Tyler 2
balls, Marquard 1, Luque 4; Innings
pitched, Marquard 7; Cadore 2;
struck out, by Marquard 2; Luque 1.
Sacramento 9 15 0! Metro.
Batteries Penner and Baker; Gard-
townsmen were killed and several difficulty that outsiders can gain ad
wounded, according to word reachin 1 mittance to it.
Agua Prieta today. Messengers sent
to Moctezuma by the townsmen early
in the fight succeeded in running the
gauntlet of the Indian lines and reach
ed there with a plea for aid. A force
cf volunteers under command of a
detachment of rural police made the
trip in record time but arrived after
the fight had ended.
The Yaquis have sent word to the
inhabitants of Nuri. a village of a few
hundred inhabitants in the Alamos dis
trict, that as soon as the wheat crop
Is harvested, or about the latter part
of May, they intend to attack the town
and carry off the grain. As a result
of this message the people have he
gun fortifying the town and it is with
ST. LOUIS, May 1C Pitcher Tom
Rogers today went from the St. Louie
Small bands of Yaquis are ranging American league team to tne f nua-
through the Alamos and Sahuaripa dis-j delphia Americans via the waiver
tricts rcndeiing travel etxremely in-i route, it was announced.
secure, except in large parties.
NEW YORK, May 16. William T.
Tilden, jr.. of Philadelphia, defeated
Ichiya Kumagae, Japan and New York,
in the final of the singles tournament
on the courts of the Harlem Tennis
club today in straight sets, 6 4, 6 4,
6 4. The play of Tilden, No. 2 of
the national ranking list, was fast, j
varied and so rescburceful at the net
as to give him the upper hand at all ;
times.
HEARTBURN
or heaviner.3 after meals are
most annoying manifestations
ot acid-ayspepsia.
IKIQH
pleasant to take, neutralize
acidity and help restore
normal digestion.
MADE BY SCOTT & BOWNE
MAKERS OF SCOTTS EMULSION
Saturday Always Hosiery
Day
ner and Fisher.
WALKS COSTLY FOR BRAVES
BOSTON, May 16. A combination
of hits with bases on balls gave St.
Louis a victory over Boston. Shotton
walked the first three times at bat
and scored on each occasion. The
score: R. H. E.
St. Louis 201 010 000 6 1
Boston 001 000 1002 9 1
Batteries Tuero, Sherdel and Sny
der; Northrop, Fillingim and Wilson, j
Summary Two base hits, Mjl'er, j
Stock, stolen bases, Shotton, Paulette;
sacrifice hit. Shotton; double plays.
Miller, Hcrnsby. Paulette, Miller, Paul
ette; bases on balls, Tuero 3, Sherdel!
1; Filligim 4; innings pitched, Tuero
truck out! 2 1-3 : Snerdel 6.2"3; Filligim, 7;
Mortnrop z: nit Dy pucaer, tuero, i;
Northrup 1
Seattle, 13; Salt Lake. 2
SALT LAKE, May 16. Score:
R. H. E.
Seattle 13 12 3
Salt Lake 12 21 0
Batteries Schultz, Bowman, Big
bee and Schang; Gould. Schorr, Mar
kle, Spencer, Byler. (13 innings.)
COMMUNITY SINGING
AT Y SHOW TONIGHT
PIRATES BUNCH HITS AND WIN
PHILADELPHIA, May 16. Oppor
tune hitting enabled Pittsburg to de
feat Philadelphia. Cooper held the
Phillies hitless for six Innings. Man-
National League
STANDING OF THE TEAMS
Clubs Won Lost Pet.
New York 11
Brooklyn 11
Cincinnati 13
Pittsburg 9
Chicago 9
Philadelphia 5
St. Louis 6
Bcston 3
4
5
6
7
9
9
12
11
Community singing led by Alfred
O. Kuhn will be the special attraction j
at the Y. M. C. A. Saturday night en-
balk, Tuero; struck out, tertainment tonight at 8 o'clock. Mr. j
"Pals First" made its first appear
ance as a novel published by Harper
& Brothers, and last season as
sumed its second form of garb when
Lee Wilson Dodd adapted the story
into a stage play. Its third telling
is in the screen version.
The story has to do with an ad
venturesome young Southerner who
assumed the Identity of Danny Row
land, an ex-cqnvict, in order to re
deem the lost soul of Dominic, once
a respected clergyman in England
but later an outcast of society, who
becomes his pal.
In the cast besides Mr. Lockwood
are Ruby de Remer, James Lackaye,
Richard R. Neill, ' Frank de Vet non,
Anthony . Byrd, Pauline Dempsey,
Walter P. Lewis and Rollo Lloyd. Adv.
IAT
Bargain Booth Specials
Boys' heavy ribbed school stockings, all
sizes, 75c value ....... ...55c Pair
Misses' black and white ribbed hose, all
sizes ... ...35c, 3 Pair $1.00
Women's black and white cotton hose, all .
sizes ...35c, 3 Fair $1.00
by Sherdel 3; Filligim 1, Northrop 2.
.733
.688
.CS4
.563
50Q
.357
.333
.214
WESTERN LEAGUE
At. St. Joseph St Joseph, 1; Okla
homa City, 5.
At Omaha Omaha, 5; Tulsa, 3.
At Des Moines Des Moines, 3;
Wichita, 5.
At 'Sioux City Sioux City, 0; Jop
lin, 1.
SOUTHERN ASSOCIATION
At Birmingham Birmingham,
Chattanooga, 0.
8;
Kuhn during the moving pictures will
conduct singing in the same style he
used when among our troops in Eu
rope. Mae Marsh in "Fields of Honor"
will also be shown. This picture deals
with the life of a poor girl who has
emigrated to this country and who is
all alone in the world. As soon as she
finds a friend war is declared and he
leaves for France where he engages in
many fierce battles. The picture ends
I happily and altogether is said to be
'one of the best ever produced featur-
ing the little star.
C. ft; HOG AN
'PHONE 121
Fire Insurance
Auto Insurance
Real Estate
Legal Blanks
. Office below
Copper Queen Hotel
C.H:HOGAN
PHONE 121
Women's black and white and all the
leading colors, 75c value
"w -
50c Pair
Pure silk thread hose- lisle tops, in all
popular shades, $1,25 values ...95c Pair
Women's black, white, gray and brown pure silk hose, lisle' tops, $1.75 value, $1.45 Pr.
American League
STANDING OF THE TEAMS
Clubs Won Lost Pet.,
Chicago 14 5
New York 9 4 .692 ;
Cleveland 10 5 .667
Boston 7 7 .500
Washington 6 ' 8 .429 i
St. Louis 6 10 .375
Detroit 5 12 .294.
Philadelphia 3 10 .231 1
Pacific Coast League
STANDING OF THE TEAMS
Clubs Won Lost Pet. j
Los Angeles 24 12 .067 j
Sacramento 19 15 .559 j
San Francisco 19 17 528 1
Vernon 16 16 .500 1
Oakland 16 17 . 485 1
Salt lke 16 18 .471
Seattle 13 21 .382
Portland ,...12 22 .353
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
COAL
WOOD
HAY
GRAIN
Chicken Feed
Phone 121 Office Below
. Copper Queen Hotel
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully 8oliclta Your
Patronage
PHONE 5S
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds. Jewelry. Et
Reliable House 19 Branch Store
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE BREWERY GUtCt
Our Milk Runs Highest
Test and is Cleanest in Dis
trict. HILLSIDE DAIRY,
Box 2203
Big 4 hereby serves NOTICE that, because of the MAR
VELOUS DEVELOPMENTS to the WEST and NORTH
WEST of BURKBURNETT and because of the importance
of deals which are now under way and which will probably
be finally consummated before this advertisement can get
into print, the RIGHT is RESERVED to WITHDRAW
BIG 4 stock at $ 1 .00 per SHARE WITHOUT NOTICE.
BIG 4 is DRILLING in BLOCK 45 West of Burkburnett
NOW. It is planned to have FIVE other wells under way
inside of a MONTH. In 30 days BIG 4 should take its place
as a PRODUCING COMPANY. :
BIG 4 stock at $1.00 a share is the ONE GREAT OPPORTUNITY NOW BEFORE
YOU because the RECENT BIG INCREASE in the VALUE of BIG 4 HOLDINGS
has made BIG 4 stock actually WORTH more than its PAR VALUE. A DIREC
TORS' MEETING scheduled to be HELD TODAY will determine whether Big 4
stock shall be WITHDRAWN ENTIRELY, OR HELD OPEN FOR A FEW DAYS
LONGER.
There's ONLY ONE SAFE WAY FOR YOU. WIRE an AUTHORIZED BIG 4
BROKER or REPRESENTATIVE or WIRE BIG 4 DIRECT the AMOUNT YOU
WISH AT PAR.
i
Big 4 Oil & Refining Company of Texas
CAPITAL $500,000. PAR VALUE OF SHARES $1.00
Main Office 1.08 Sheldon Street, El Paso, Phcne 625
TH E!i ft Ti?E OFFICERS ND TRUSTEES OF THE 9IG :
li. . i.icOOWELL, Pres. and Trustee
General Manager of the Western
Woodenware Co., of El Paso.
J. O. CROCKETT, 2nd Vice President,
President of the El Paso-Burkburnett
Oil company.
FRED H. LAZENBY, Sec'y and Trustee..
President of the Boss Rubber Co. of
El Paso. , ; j ' ' : !
Order Direct or Through Authorized Representatives
R. H. JONES
Sasse's Candy Store
AND
L. J. OVERLOOK COLLINS & BRETHERTON
C. H. FINLEY, Vice President,
President of C. H. Finiey k Co., ot
El Paso.
CRAWFORD HARVIE, Treasurer.
Extenisve business interests in El Paso
and the Southwest.
ROSS E. BRYAN, Trustee.
Member firm of Bryan Bros.
Furniture Fire Sale Monday'
BIG REDUCTIONS
- m m I HI
MaSSBiaBaaMBSBBMBtea-MMeBBMIiSMBWaSBiB
You'd Better Buy BLACK LIME Now at $50
Par As the Stock May Advance Any Moment
SHARES
$50 EACH
PAR
VALUE
ETTER be glad you did than sorry you
didn't. With ONE WELL DOWN
AROUND 1000 FEET. ANOTHER
WELL UNDER WAY, the THIRD TO START
SOON, and STOCK SELLING AT A RAPID
"r RATE, BLACK LIME, now offered at par value
of $50 a share, is liable to advance at any moment.
CAPITAL
STOCK
$300,000
TA
f 1
We WAKX you to get in NOW. Wlio knows but what It LACK LIME may prove to bo another
BURK-YVAGGOXER. This well was soid this eek over a leased wire costing ?t."00,.for the
enormous sum of $2,000,000.00. Every $100 shareholder reecives $3,100.
A short will ago you could have bought GOLDEN CYCLE at $.10 par now it has advanced
to $1,500.00.' THRIFT No. 2 was selling at $115. i you want it now you'll pay $l,ft5".(0. GOO
LEY OIL jumped from $100 up to $2,000.00.
1224
ACRES
IN THE
RANGER .
FIELD
$100 invested in the TEXAS COMPANY when it was ar had paid $2.",imi0 in dividends and
is valued at $00,0u0 now. BLACK LIME is des lined to become another L!1G TEXAS COMPANY
and we urge you to USE YOUR BRAINS
ACT QUICKLY. Come into BLACK LIME
NOW before the stock advances. Remember'
we gave you FAIR WARNING. Take ad
vantage of this OPPQRTUNITY before it is
toe late.
Buy
Black
Lime
Oil Stock
Today
Make All Checks Payable to the Southern California Drilling Co.
CLIP AND MAIL THIS COUPON TODAY
Vicknair & Blinebry,
Douglas, Arizona.
Gentlemen: I enclose you herewith $
for shares of stock in the Black Lime Oil
Co. cf Dallas, Texas, par value $50.00 per share, fully !
paid and non-assessable.
Name . j
Address ;
Bisbee Representative
W.P.ALLEN
at Frenchy's
Annex
Main Street THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY, MAY 17, 1919
THREE
U. S. FLIERS 650 MILES OUT M W"p: c""ri.
anas sessions
harbor and "taxied" toward the nar-!
rows. Then, rushing inta a westerly
wind, they took the air. The NC-."5,
the "flagship" rose at 7:32, the XC-4,
two minutes later and the XC-1 at
7:41 (Newfoundland time, which is
one hour and "0 minutes ahead of
New York time). AViihin a few min
utes they were lost sitht of beyond
tue eastern horizon.
As they passed from view, natives
of Newfoundland, who lined the shores !
jjim lot'Keu oay, vieu witn
Yankee sailors stationed here in send-
l!!-Y GIRLS' CARNIVAL
NETS $300; PROCEEDS
FOR SWIMMING FOOL
The girl of thi Y. W. C. A. are to
have a swinnnir.ff pool and gymnas
ium equipment. That was the decision
or the hundreds that flocked to tennis
court of the Y. W. C. A. last night and
made it possible. They knew before
they went that the girls needed the
money and as a result they gave cheer
fully and they gave until it made a
dent in their bankrolls. In all nearly
S300 was realized. Everybody had a
rood time and everybody went away
happy.
The giggle gallery produced 10,000
smiles that were in evidence all during
the evening. It was a happy crowd.
The; play by the Hi-Y girls, the for
tune teller, the photo gallery and the
dancing was enjoyed by everybody,
Sronw-ups, high school girls and boys
and a sprinkling here and there of
knickerbockers and knee-length
dresses made it a night of happiness
for everybody including the kids that
made their headquarters around the
c:mdy and soda water.
!n the little one-act play, "Just a
Little Mistake," Helen Allison, Adge
Cagle. Miriam-Engelder, Marie Buck
et. Ethel Werner and Helen McDon
ald, Hi-Y girls, made an impression
able showing and the amount received
at the gate made it likewise possible
for them to wipe off a ?50 debt incur
red by the Hi delegates attending a
conference at Phoenix.
The carnival was the first of its
kind ever held in Bisbee and the re
sults obtained exceeded the fondest
expectations of those who had charge
of it.
niTO inr nrinrn
Juno arxncKULU
FOR BORDER, REPORT
DOT'GLAS. May j 16. .jveral -of
the bandits who looted Cananea were
reported late today from Cananea to
bo heading for the Arizona border
with the apparent intention, of cross
ing to the American side of the line,
about midway between Douglas and
Naco, at Ananvacachi pass. The mil
itary, both in Sonora and at Naco,
where two troops of the Tenth Unit
ed States cavalry are stationed, are
said to have been warned (and to bo
taking precautions to prevent the
crossing, should it be attempted.'
I.ng away with a rousing cheer the
American aviators starting on their
epochal voyage.
Face 1352 Mile Flight
The seaplanes shaped their course
towards Corvo, westermost island of
the Azores, from which they expected
to fly to Horta. on the island of Fayal, i
where they wilt descend if weather
conditions or mechanical difficulties
make it necessary, but they will go on
if possible to Ponta Delgada, San
Miguel island, 1352 nautical miles
from this port. This leg of the cruise
from Rockaway Beach, N. Y., the
planes home station, to Plymouth,
England, is the only one which will
require nipht flying.
The planes were expected to main
tain an average speed of CO nautical
miles an hour
RETURNED MACHINE
GUNNER KILLED IN
DOUGLASAGGIDENT
After several months ia France a?
(Special to The Review)
TOMBSTONE, May 1G With the
closing of court here this evening the
court house will again become quiet
pending the calling of the fall calen
dar. Officials will begin taking their
summer vacations, and business of the
county will settle down to routine mat
ters of the various offices.
Judge Alfred C. Lockwood -will
leave tomorrow for Los Angeles and
j other California resort points over
land. He will return at the end of
the summer by way of the Grand can
yon of the Colorado, visiting other
points of interest while in the north.
During the summer Judge J. G.
McAlister will sit on the Cochise
county bench two days, on June 7 and
June 21, when law and motion and
probate matters will be considered.
Closing days of this term of court
have been more than interesting. Yes
terday saw two juries still out, one of
them for the seventh day consider
ing a case. On the day preceding jury
and witnesses in a water suit made a
trip to the Huachuca mountains, re
turning late in the evening. This case
a machine gunner and coming out un-' was still being heard yesterday,
scathed, Ollie R. Lister, aged 30, a
swamper at the Copper Queen smel. f
ter, was instantly killed at 3 o'clock
yesterday morning when he was
caught between a portable convert-!
er ore tank, loaded with ore and
weighing several tons, and a huge
steel beam. He had been working
at the smelter le3s than, a month
since returning -from France, having
been restored to his old position in
accordance with the. policy of the
company which hired hirJ.
According to Ramon Eargas, a
helper, who was the only witness to
the accident, the ore tank which was
swung by a huge crane," did not set
tle flush with the ore container in
to which it was to be dumped, and
Lister climbed on a,nd gave the tank
a push only to have it swing back
and crush him between it and the
big steel beam nearby. He received !
a blow over his right eye which is
believed to have resulted in death. I
Lister was unmarried and is sur. '
vived by- a younger brother, Mabron.
who formerly resided in Douglas but:
who is now in the navy, two sisters',
and his father. He was a member
of the Woodmen of the World, hav-i
ing only Teceaty been initiated. The'
opinion of those who investigated the:
aGcident yesterday was that it was;
purely accidental. '
'GOVERNOR TO INSPECT
HIGHWAYS OF COCHISE
PHOENIX, May 16. Governor
Campbell, who left here lyesttfrday
for Douglas to speak at the Douglas
high school commencement exercises
tonight, will Inspect possible high
way routes in that part cf the 'state
before returning to; Phoenix Monday,
it was announced at the governor's
office tonight.
It was stated that the 'executive
would go over a portion of the pro
jected Bankhead highway and also
inspect other proposed roads to be
included in the system now being
undertaken by the state.
-X
MARICOPA CO, VOTES
ON ROAD ISSUE TODAY
PHOENIX, May 16. Maricopa
county will tomorrow vote on a pro
posal to issue $4,000,000,000 in bonds
for the construction of a system of
roads throughout the county. An ac
tive campaign in favor of the bonds
has been carried for the past two
weeks.
GHENOWETH JURY IS
FINALLY DISMISSED;
TO HOLD NEW TRIAL
After a trial which lasted nine
days, four of which were con
sumed by the jury in an effort to
return a verdict. Judge A. C.
Lockwood of the superior court at
Tombstone, yesterday afternoon
dismissed the jury in the Cheno- i
weth case and placed the defend
ant's bond at $10,000, which was
furnished. The trial of Hale
Chenoweth, lio is charged with
the murder of John McDowell, on
his ranch near the state line at
Rodeo, aroused much interest
throughout Cochise county espe
cially during the long delibera
tions of the jury, to whom the
case was given last Tuesday. Al
though Judge Lockwood was in
formed Tuesday night that the
jury could not agree he continued
to hold them thinking a verdict
could be reached.
WE ARE STILL SELLING
ON A
CASH BASIS'
AND SAVING! OUR .
CUSTOMERS MONEY
.IHUTT0N, VEAL
BEEF AND PORK
Pickles Sour.. Sweet and
Dill
Green Olives, pt. 25c
Salt Mackerel 15c
Pickled Pig's Feet, per
pound, 20c ....21bs. 35c
MASON'S
MARKET
TSPS,
1 - tbt
Today
LY
DUST1N
-THEATER-
JESSE L. LASKY Presents
IL. A I
Continuous
From
1:00 to 11:00
P.M.
FARNUm
IN
Captain
Courtesy"
A PARAMOUNT PICTURE
ALSO
a ANTONIO MORENO AND CAROL HOLLOW AY IN THE FINAL EPISODE OF
0 VITAGRAPH'S EXCITING SERIAL
"THE IRON TEST"
EPISODE NO. 15
And Pathe Presents HAROLD LLOYD in one of his Famous Comedies
Admission Lower Floor, 15c Balcony, 10c Reserved Seats 25c Plus the War Tax
Children Under 12 Years, 10c
G.&A. BASEBALL
TEAM IS ORGANIZED
FOR LOCAL LEAGUE
At a meeting of baseball fans last
night in Judge Winter's court room
at Lowell, the Lowell C. and A. base
ball club of the proposed four team
league composed of Tucson, Douglas,
Bisbee and the C. and A. Topper Co.
team, selected V. F. Cowen of the
Dank of Lowell as president. Claude
Gibson, vice president and Penny Sny
der, secretary and treasurer. The
meeting was of short duration. Judae j
Winters acted as temporary chairman, j
The board of directors chosen bf vote)
among those at the meeting were: W. j
P. Cowan, K. R. WlnsTed, Uetny
Snyder, Ed Plum and G. M. Gibson.
G. D. Pittman was chosen as playing
manager
A canvass among the merchants of j
Lowell during the past two days re-i
suited in the raising of more than $"no i
tt) start the team formation and Man
ager rPittman will begin throwing out
lines for players immediately. It will ;
be necessary to import six players, j
three infielders, two outfielders and a j
slab artist and it is the intention of
Manager Pittman to bring the men
needed into the city without delay
and have them in shape when the pro- '.
posed league starts its playing sclied-;
ule. A general meeting will be called '
of all the teams in the league shortly, !
at which time a playing schedule will ;
be arranged.
A week from Sunday I he Warren i
district team will meet the defeated
Tenth Cavalry men in a return game
at Warren Park. The regimental band
of the Tenth will comein' o Bisbee on
Saturday afternoon and on Saturday
night will furnish the music for a !
dance to be held in the Bisbee Park.;
On Sunday morning the band will ren
der a concert on the downtown streets
and on Sunday afternoon at 2:30 the
ball game will start.
JAIL RESCUE RUMOR
STIRS LOWELL POLICE
.-.,- , t ! CALIF. ATHLETES TO PARIS
dary unler an assumed name. Only!
recently he figured in a cutting scrap
in which Mrs. Carl Richardson, it is
alleged, played a prominent part.
I As sdo lias ill'- news of iho i.ropiisod
Thursday evening a rumor wa cur-, r(lscu,
LOS ANGICLLS. May lti. Lieuten
ant Charles! Paddock and Pirst Clits
Kleetrician's Mate C!;de SweniUon
; were selected today !y oflici.ils cf III-
A. A. I. in Southern California t
retn on the streets of Lowell to the
el feet that an attempt would be made
to remove J. W. Johnson alias Thomas
Densmore. alias Ralph Scott from :h.
Low ell bast He. Johnson is being held
on a federal complaint charging him
represent this district in the Liter
reached the police olticeis of ijed meeting it: Parh Julv 22 to July
Lowell, toe prisoner was removed C. Patidnrk is i sprinl'r and Swt-n(i-frcm
the Iowell jail and hurried 10 son a fancy diver.
Hisbes for safekeeping. Officers kept Paddock has run 1M) yards in
a vir.il during the night and the a!!eg-;.i-5 seconds and longer distances with
Swendson
t-d attempt to relfa'-e the prisoner did ! coually good sMowir.gs.
not materialize. Johnson is now bi.ck ; holt's the imion:!l championship
in the Lowell jail. tlie 1 1 i ; -. 1 1 die.
for
ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE
oT3
t:i t'i C
1 P t
AN ARIZONA CORPORATION
We Have Just Completed Our Well No. 1 in Iowa
Park, With a Production cf 60 Barrels Per Day
Have let the contract" for four more wel's. No. 2 to be spudded in on the comple
tion of No. 1 and so on until all four wells are completed, which, when all five are
completed should give a daily production of 250 barrels per day, and that means
an income of $500 per day.
The Comanche Gusher Oil Company deep test well in the famous Duke pool,
was spudded in May 6th within 1 50 feet of our Duke tract. We have made ar
rangements that whenever the Comanche Gusher Oil Company trikes the oil sand
that we will spud in immediately and rush cur well to completion. On our No. 1
Duke tract we have room for three wells and if we are successful, should mean at
least a production cf 10,000 barrels per day.
At 1 2 o'clock midnight, May 26th- the stock of the Cactus Oil Company will be with
draw from the market and all applications for stock received after that time will be
rejected and money returned.
Western Union Telegram
A Mather's Happiness
Perfect
mm
Of Utmost importance That Sne Have
' Every Care.
M C HIGH
BISBEE ARIZ
SUPERIOR, ARIZ MAY 14 1919 9P
2I4
FOUR
NEXT
The expectant mother's physical comfort
should be our first thought, and all about
her should see to it that her preparation
for baby's coming be complete.
mere 13 a most splendid remedy to pre-
Jiare women for the greatest time In their !
ivr. known as Mother's Friend. It is an- j
plied to the muscles of the abdomen, (rently I
ruooed ii, end at once penetrates to relieve '
Strain on nerTeg. cords and li!ramerts. It
makes the muscles so pliant that they ex- I j
pana easily ween baby arrives; the hours
at the time are fewer, and pain and danger
.lrlhro Br.w.A ..K1U K . IV.. I
preserve her health and strength, and she '
remains a pretty mother by havi-ur avoided :
discomfort and suffering which more often '
than otherwise accompanies such an occa- j
eion when nature is unaided. Every nerve, j
muscle and tendon is thoroughly lubricated, i
Discomfort durins the period is counter-
acted, and the skin, after the crisis, is left
biaooth and naturnl. I
Write to the Bradflcld Relator Com- j
panr. Dept. B, Lamar Building, Atlanta. I
lieoryia. for their Motherhood Book, and ob- j
tain a bottle of Mother's Friend from tia
drug store today without fail. !
NOW HAVE SIXTY BARREL PRODUCER IOWA PARK TRACT
MORE WELLS CONTRACTED FOR TWO RIGS ON GROUND
hole started soon rigged up plan rush production
fast as money can do it positively no more par stock
After midnight may twenty sixth have reservations
made quickly possible stock going fast knowing we have
oil - simply question going down raise production
makes proposition best in field omanche gusher
drilling since may sixth within hundred fifty feet number
one tract not long before this completed
cactus oil co
, . - 917PM
ONLY 10 MORE DAYS TO PURCHASE YOUR CACTUS OIL STOCK
1 AT FAR $1.00
See Our Representative Today
Allen Building
Phone 55
, TV (Q To
J$&: -$gmk We
Our Promise That Ye Make In Advance:
any man or young man who buys his clothe3 from us He'll get 1 00 cents on the
liar satisfaction.
THAT'S OUR GUARANTEE TO YOU.
are showing the best goods from the best makers in America
And will positively stand back of every Suit we sell.
For Saturday we are showing some Extraordinay Big Val
ues in
MEN'S AND YOUNG MEN'S SUITS AT $27.50
In light, medium and dark shades of Cassimeres, Worsteds
and Tweeds Every suit this season's correct model, in 2
or 3 button soft roll also the popular waist line effects.
Suits are indeed excellent values Sizes to 44 in all cuts.
Regulars, stouts, shorts and slims.
BOYS' SNAPPY SUITS PRICED AT $9.50
Classy New Suits in an assortment of neat stripes and mix
tures. . ;
They will please his mother because of the good quality
of materials used in the making.
and delight the boy for their cut
and style.
Sizes for boys from 7 to 1 7 years.
See them today at $9.50.
Get Your Straw Hat Now!
Our assortment is now at its best
and if you haven't found the best
hats in this part of the country, try
us for your Straw Hat. All the new
est shapes and straws are here at
prices that's right.
Oct a Full Season's Wear and Satisfaction
' M v I "I
til...
V FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY, MAY 17, 1919
lit iBisbra
Published Every Day Exceot Monday, by the State Consolidated Publishing
Cvmpany
W"9r- V-BU
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for re-publicatlon
of all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to this paper,
and also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-pub) ication of special dispatches herein are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8. 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per month $ .so
Six months 4.00
Twelve months 7.50
Sunday (our weekly) per year 2.50
Statements to our subscribers are rendered on or about the first of every
month. If you receive our paper through a City Carrier, he will bring your
statement to your door for collection. Make all checks payable to The Bisbee
Daily Review. Those desiring subscriptions for more than one month may se
cure mem by advising The Review office.
Bootlegger Bond
Three weeks ago the Warren District was shocked with the news of
the sudden death under the wheels of an automobile of 5-year-old Philip
Jarcke. The driver of the death car was arrested and held in the Lowell
Jail. The men and women of the district, advised of conditions by the
Review, went to the assistance of the bereaved family, and made possible
a decent burial for the little boy. The larder of the home, long since
bare, was stocked with new provisions.
Seldom in the past has the district witnessed so sad a death. A
father who had been bed-ridden for two years was unable to attend the
funeral. Men and women visiting the home found an infant nursing an
empty battle no funds were in the family purse with which to buy milk.
The mother, grief stricken, was helpless to care for her other children
or the husband.
In the Lowell jail the driver of the death car awaited a preliminary
hearing. Officers declared he had been arrested several times in the
week proceeding for driving recklessly or exceeding the speed limit.
A hundred citizens who subscribed to the relief of the stricekn family
Watched closely for advice of the preliminary hearing each believed
the driver should be made to answer for the little life he had snuffed out.
His bail bond was then set at $2,000, and he could not make it.
Yesterday the district was informed that the driver whose car had
so often figured in speeding episodes and under whose wheels little
Philip died, had been released on $1,000 bond. Several days before he
had been held in preliminary hearing for trial before the superior court
on a charge of manslaughter.
What is $1,000 bond? It is the average bond for a bootlegger, the
man held for trial for a misdemeanor. It is bail bond which nearly any
individual can secure if he has one or two friends or sympathizers. It is
a paltry excuse for bond of a man whose flagrant violations of speeding
laws have endangered society and ended in a fatal accident.
The good citizen has nothing but contempt for the bootlegger. He
feels that a $1,000 bond for this misdemeanor is neither too large or too
small.
In the same manner, the good citizen has healthy respect for the law.
He feels that the reckless driver is a menace to society. He feels that
when the speeder is apprehended he should be punished. He knows that
the lives of his friends and family are endangered when these indi
viduals are permitted to run free.' His spirit of justice and fairness de
mands that violators answer for their crimes. And his interest in this
particular case Is heightened by the announcement that the man who
drove the car which caused the death of little Philip has been released
on the bond of a bootlegger.
When the horse is gone it Is too late to close the barn door. 'The
best protection to horse and harness is the padlock. A bootlegger bond is
Bufticient for misdemeanor cases. But those who subscribed to the relief
of this stricken family do not earily reconcile themselves to the release
of a man held on a charge of manslaughter on bootlegger bond.
Summer Vacations
Many residents of the Warren District are inquiring daily at the
Offices of the Commercial club for information relative to highway con
ditions in various parts of Arizona. Several within the past week have
requested complete mileage and reports of a tour of the state including
such scenic points as the Grand Canyon, Roosevelt Lake, the Painted
Desert, the Petrified Forest, the Natural Bridge. They will spend their
summer vacations in Arizona.
Trout season in Arizona will open on June 1. Others who enjoy fly
casting, have inquired of the Commercial club highways leading into the
fastnesses of the White mountains, the Mogollons. or other districts
where the best fishing in the United States can be found.
Yesterday one resident of this district left with family, camping out
fit and gun and rod. He will go by way of Globe to Roosevelt, then to
Flagstaff by way of Pine, to the Grand Canyon, back to Springerville
and into the mountains by way of St. John. He will return by way of
Prescott and Phoenix. The trip will take the major part of two months.
From the Huachuca mountains comes word of the opening of the
summer resorts. In the Chiricahua's popular camping spots in remote
canyons are beginning to receive their summer guests. Families are
throwing up tents and clearing reserves, or moving into their cottages.
Railroads will announce cut rates to outside vacation points within
the next few weeks.
What care we of Arizona for the railroad. announcements? See Ari
zona first, has replaced the roving desire of Arizonans. Hundreds who in
the past have patronized beaches and watering places, have come to
know that this state offers ev Cn
home; keeping our money at home.
All hail Arizona, Ramsey canyon, Miller canyon. Cave creek and
summer! Cochise county's better highways have solved the summer va
cation problem.
Toledo's Fight Protest
, Pretest of the churches of Toledo against the staging in that city
of a world championship glove fisht and the declaration of the churches
that the proposed fight will Le a "gladiatorial contest worthy of the Ro
man arena of infamous memory" puts the squared ring on trial before
the American public. It revives the contention for and against Profes
sional boxing. ,
Here in Arizona the people are inclined more or less to look on
-boxing as a legitimate, healthy, sportsmanlike entertainment. Lessons of
the war, the adoption by Uncle Sam of the gloves as a prime factor in
camp life and sports, and the great stimulus given the game by the army,
prompted the lust legislature to pass a law legalizing short exhibitions
where properly regulated. Popular opinion has largely outgrown its pre
Judice against the sport and approval has been toetily stamped on fights
legitimately promoted and staged.
Toledo's ease i.i the nation's case. It is a test of the popularity of
the army's greatest sport and of the lessons which the war has taught
us in athletic entertainment. It means either that in the future protests
aaginst legitimate fighting will he ilisrarded" and disregarded, or hat box
in? for public entertainment will be classed with poker, faro bank and
other games which have passed into history.
If legalized boxing is as army authorities declare one of the best
of all sports, if it develop the man, if it is healthy, if it is ofbenetit
to American youth these protests should receive small attention. If ou
the other hand they result in "invasions of gamblers, thieves and thugs"
and "teach youths to gamble," the public should heed tho word of the
churches and immediate steps should b! taken to stamp out the vice.
Of one thing we arc certain mn returning from the army declare
firmly that boxing is a prime sport. And, since the soldiers will have at
least a little to say regarding what happens in this country in the next
few years, it is entirely posiblo that boxing will continue popular. The
test is launched. The result will depend on the conduct of the promoters
and fighters and officials of Toledo.
A lot of European statesmen
duty was finished when she got the
pick his pockets.
There Is no disorder in Iludapcst. we are told. There 'in seldom dis
order in a bank after the cashier and hit. acktintt, get their hands in
the air.
Baili; 2&?u??ut
ereater nttractinna
We are staying
have a conviction that. Americas
enemy down where Europe could
Here and there in Arizona
JEROME, May 16. Called to order are to have a state wide and complete
by Corporal Arthur Kunze, formerly ; organization. A meeting was called
of the 27th engineers, a large number! last niSht by Col. W. A. Glassford,
of veterans of the recent war met in!?' S: A- retired' scout commissioner
th mSra i,n. Lot 0Min, H J for Arizona, at which plans were laid
fected a temporary organization, pre -
liminary to their afiliation with one of!
the national bodies of veterans that
are now in the course of formation.
At this meeting, no effort was made
to bring any pressure to bear to
bring about the acceptance by thei'he wek from June 6 to 14 as "Boy
members of any national organization.
Instead, a committee was appointed
to confer with Lieutenant Douglas,
who has been in Phoenix securing in
formation relative to the American
I Legion, and to investigate the Na
tional Council of World War Veterans.
This committee, which was empower
ed to call a subsequent meeting, will
study each organization thoroughly
after which it will report back to the
main body with such recommenda
tions as it sees fit to offer.
WAR VETERANS MEET j
mrsa Mav ifiAftPP tt, sniHipra 1
sailors and marines banquet to be
given them tonight in the K. of P.
hall, and prior to the dance, which
will begin at 9 o'clock, Captain Ed
win LeBaron, who has just returned
from St. Louis, whither he was sentlHuShes. ne portion of the drama ar-
as delegate to the national conven-
tion of the American Legion, will ex
plain the purpose and aims of the
organization, which is composed of
army and navy men of the great war.
The address will be given from the
band platform on north McDonald
street. The formation of the Ameri
can Legion, in the opinion of Captain
LeBaron, will do much toward the
suppression of bolshevism and kin
dred evils, and the public is urged to
be on hand not later than 8:30 o'clock
this evening to hear the speaker.
TO CLASSIFY LANDS
PHOENIX. May 16. The state land
department, under the guidance of W.
A. Moeur, state land commissioner,
is about to begin the most business
like land classification, on the largest
scale and in the most detailed man
ner, ever attempted in Arizona.
"We x intend," said Mr. Moeur, "to
have on file in the files of the land
department a concise, definite, and
complete classification of every sec
tion of land the state owns. Not only
every section but every quarter sec
tion, is to be carefully inspected and
classified as to its possibilities."
BOY SCOUTS ORGANIZE
PHOENIX, May 16 The Boy Scouts
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
of
SMITH-CANANEA MINING COM
PANY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE
PRESENTS: That we, the under
signed, H. S. SMITH, whose residence
and postoffice address is Bisbee. Ari
zona, and M. I. McKELLIGON. whose
residence is Bisbee, aud whose post
office address i3 Tombstone, Arizona,
do hereby associate ourselves together
for tha purpose of forming a corpora
tion under the laws of the State of
Arizona, and to that end adopt the fol
lowing Articles of Incorporation:
ARTICLE I.
The name of the corporation s'hall be
SMITH-CANANEA MINING COM
PANY, and its principal place of business
within the State of Arizona sfiall be
at the City of Bisbee, in Cochise
County therein, with such other
branch offices, within or without said
state as may be authorized by the
Board of Directors.
ARTICLE IT.
The general nature of the business
proposed to be transacted by said cor
poration is the following: To search
for, prospect and explore for ores and
minerals and to locate mining claims,
grounds, or lodes in the United States
of America, or the territories thereof,
or in foreign countries, and record the
same pursuant to the mining laws of
said United States, or other countries;
to bore, drill, prospect and mine for
gold, silver, copper, lead, zinc, iron,
antimony tin, asbestos, and all kinds
of ores, meals, minerals and precious ,
stones, oils, gas and coal, and to mill.
convert, prepare for market and oth
erwise produce and deal in the same
and in the products and by-products
thereof; to purchase or otherwise ac
quire, own, exchange, sell or other
wise dispose of, mortgage, hppothe
cate and deal in minerals and mineral
lands of all kinds, oil, coal and timber
lands, personal estate, water and wa
ter rights, and to work, explore, op
erate and develop the same, and carry
on the business of mining in all its
branches; to construct, build, operate
and maintain, oil wells, refineries,
buildings, works, work shops, laborato
ries, machinery , power plants, saw
mills, stores and warehouses; to ac
quire by grant, purchase, or otherwise,
any property or privileges from any
government, or from any authority,
individual, municipal or otherwise, and
to perform and fufill the conditions
thereof.
To acquire by purchase, subscription
or otherwise, and to hold as invest
ment or otherwise, any bonds or other
securities or evidence of' indebtedness,
or any shares of capital stock created
or issued by any other corporation or
corporations, association .'or associa
tions, of any state, district, territory
or country; to purchase, hold, sell as
sign, transfer, mortgage, pledge or oth
erwise dispose of any bonds or other
securities or evidences of indebted
ness created or issued by any other
corporation or corporitions,- associa
tion, or associations, of'any state, dis
trict, territory, or country; and while
the owner thereof, to exercise all the
? orZ1 the movement along the
lnes suggested in the president's proc-
lamation, published in the Monday Re
publican, in which he lauds the good
work done for the country by the
Scouts during the war, and sets aside
Scout Week,', 'for the better organiza
tion of this important movement in
the proper training of the American
boy.
MOVIE HERO IN BAD
JEROME, May 16. Stirred by a de
sire to emulate the deeds of his fav
orite screen hero, Juan Grujillo, aged
12 years, staged an exciting scenario
in the Mexica colony last evening.
When the action ceased, a close-up of
Guadalupe Yescas, an inadvertent
member of the cast, revealed the fact
that youthful thespian, about the
same age as the impromptu director,
had 'been more or less seriously
wounded.
According to the facts related to
Marshal Crowley, and later to Judge
ran&ed by young Grujillo called for
the shooting of the villian, which role
was played by Master Yescas. Adopt
ing the camouflage of the silent
screen, Grujillo extracted the bullets
fro ma number of .22 calibre cart
ridges, and substituted soap.
All went well until the accurate
aim of the hero was brought into
play. There was a loud report fol
lowed by a yell of anguish from Yes
cas who tore up a laboriously con
structed "set" and disappeared. It
was later discovered one of the soap
pellets had taken effect in the young
ster's leg, inflicting a highly painful
but not very serious wound.
U. OF A. PROFESSOR RETURNS
. TUCSON, May 16. The many
friends of ,Dr. Frank C. Lockwood, for
merly professor, of English literature,
at the University of Arizona, will be
glad to know that he has been ap
pointed director of university exten
sion and is expected to be back on
the campus about the 1st of July next.
Dr. Lockwood, who was for months in
the transport service of the Y. M. C.
A. and has been many times across
the Atlantic with the troops going to
and returning.fsom the front, i3 now In
France, but will probably leave for
the states this month.
rights, powers and privileges of own
ership; to purchase, hold, sell, assign,
transfer, mortgage, pledge or other
wise dispose of shares of the capital
stock of any other corporation or cor
porations, association or associations,
of any state, district, territory or coun
try; and while the owner of such stock
to exercise all the rights, powers and
privileges of ownership, including the
right to vote thereon; to aid in any
lawful manner any corporation or ao
ssciation of which the bonds, or other
securities, or evidences of indebted
ness or stock, are held by the com
pany; and to do any and all lawful
acts or things designed to protect, pre
serve, improve or enhance the value
of any such bonds, or other securities,
or evidences or indebtedness, or stock;
to guarantee dividends on any shares
of the capital stock of any corporation
In which this company at the time
I may have an Interest as stockholder,
ana to endorse or otherwise guaran
tee the principal and interest of notes,
bonds or other evidences of indebted
ness created, or to be created by any
such corporation.
ARTICLE- III.
The amount of the capital stock
authorized, and the time when and
the conditions upon which it is to be
paid, are as follows: There shall be
450,000 shares of capital stock of the
par value of five ($5) dollars per share
making a total capitalization of Two
Million, Two Hundred Fifty Thousand
($2,250,000) Dollars; and the time
when, and the conditions upon which
saia capital stock is to be paid for and
issued, shall be as prescribed by the
Boara of Director3 of thig corporation.
The stock of this corporation
may be issued in payment for real or
personal property, property rights and
privileges, or services, and the judg
ment of the directors as to the value
thereof, in the absence of fraud, shall
be conclusive. The stock may be sold
for less than par when in the judg
ment of the directors the interests of
the corporation require such action.
ARTICLE IV
The time of the commencement of
this corporation shall be after the fil
ing of these articles of incorporation
in the office of the Corporation Com
mission; and certified copy thereof re
corded in the office of the County Re
corder of Cochise County; and a Cer
tificate of Incorporation delivered to
it by the said Corporation Commis
sion; and said corporation shall con
tinue for a period of twenty-five years.
ARTICLE V.
The officers or persons by whom the
affairs of this corporation are to be
conducted shall be a boara of five di
rectors, to be elected by the incorpo
rators or stockholders of the company
as soon as practicable after organiza
tion; and there shall be selected from
such directors a President land. Vice
president. .There shall also be a Sec
retary and 'Treasurer, which offices
may be held by one person, and who
need not be a member of the Board of
Directors. It shall be competent for
the stockholders or directors to con
stitute othor offices to assist in the
carrying on of the affairs of the com
pany. The electtou of directors shall
bo annually, at a time to be fixed by
the stockholders in their by-laws
adopted upon organization.
ARTICLE VI.
The highest amount of indebted
ness or liability, direct or contingent,
to which the corporation shall at any
time 'subject itself shall not exceed
two-thirds of its capital stock.
ARTICLE VII
The private property or the stock
holders and officers" is to be exempt
from the corporate debts.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, we
have hereunto set our hards at Bis
bee, Arizona, this 30th day of April,
1919.
H. S. SMITH.
M. I. McKELLIGON.
STATE OF ARIZONA,
County of Cochise, ss.
This instrument was acknowledged
before me this 30th day of April, 1919,
by H. S. Smith and M. I. McKelligon.
(Notarial Seal)
EDW. J. FLANIGAN, Notary Public.
(My commission expires February
20, 1920.)
Filed and recorded at request of
Edw. J. JFlanlgan and Alex Murry.
STATE OF ARIZONA,
County of Cochise.
I. Ray B. Krebs, County Recorder in j
ana ror tne County and State afijre
said, do hereby certify that the within
instrument was filed for record at 1
p. m., on May 6, 1919, and duly re
corded in Book No. 7 of Incorpora
tions, records of Cochise County, Ari
zona, at pages 520-21-23. Witness my
hand and official seal the day and year
first above written.
RAY B. KREBS,
County Recorder.
(SEAL)
By H. L. HUTCHISON, Deputy.
STATE OF ARIZONA,
Office of tha
ARIZONA CORPORATION
COMMISSION.
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
STATE OF ARIZONA, ss.
The Arizona Corporation Commis
sion does hereby certify that the an
nexed is a true and complete tran
script of the
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
SMITH-CANANEA MINING
COMPANY,
which were filed in the office of said
Arizona Corporation Commission on
the first day of Jlay, A. D.. 1919, al
r
BOW MEN MAM
The Most Proposed-To Woman
4
Jr..
"ALL THE WORLD LOVES A LOVER"
BUT
THIS WOMAN UNDERSTANDS HIM !
READ
' v The Heart Wisdom Of The Girl To Whcm All Men Say
"I LOVE YOU"
1
Begin It Tomorrow in the
:
.2:00 o'clock p. m., as provided by law.
In Testimony Whereof, The Arizona
Corporation Commission By its chair
man, has hereunto sets its hand and
affixed its official seal. Done at the'
City of Phoenix, the Capital, this 2nd j
day of May. A. D.. 1019.
ARIZONA CORPORATION COMMIS
SION.
(SEAL) AMOS A. BETTS,
Chairman.
Attest: A. E. STELZER,
Secretary.
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF CO
chise County, State of Arizona.
In the matter of the Estate of Alex
ander McKenzie, Deceased.
Notice is hereby given that Donald
McKenzie has filed in this Court a
certain document purporting to be the
last Will and Testament of Alexander
McKenzie together with hia neHtinn J
t praying mat said document be admit
ted to probate in this Court as the
last Will and Testament of said Alex
ander McKenzie who, said petitioner
alleges, is deceased, and. that letters
testamentary issue thereon to said pe
titioner, and that same will be heard
on Saturday the 24th day of May, A.
D., 1919, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon
of said day, at the court room of said
Court, in tho Court House, in the ritv
of Tombstone, County of Cochise, J
oiaie 01 Arizona, ana an persons inter
ested in said estate are notified then
and there to appear and show cause
if any they have, why the nraver of
said petitioner should not be granted, j
J. E. JAMES,
Deputy Clerk.
Dated May 7, 1919.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS
Notice is hereby given that sealed
bids will be received by the Common
Council of the City of Bisbee, Cochise
County, Arizona, same to be opened at
their regular meeting, 7:30 p. m., Tues
day, June 3, 1919, for the grading, pav
ing, curbing and guttering of the fol
lowing streets, and the removal of a
certain portion of the present pave
ment thereon:
Lower Naco Road from the East
City Limits to a point about 1300 feet
in a westerly direction.
Upper Naco Road from the City Hall
to the General Office of the Phelps
Dodge Corporation, Copper Queen
Branch, Brewery Gulch from the north
junction of Brewery Gu',cn and Review
Alley, to a point about 150 feet east
of the Queen Laundry.
Subway Street.
Quarry Canyon from the Loretto
REVEALED BY JUNE ELVIDGE
Academy to a point about 730 feet
south.
Tombstone Canyon and Main Street
from the Phelps Dodge Store to tha
Doyle House.
Tombstone Canyon from the Doyla
House to the West City Limits.
Specifications, plans and profiles of
the above work are on file at the City
engineer 3 umce.
Bids will be received separately on
each section.
Contractors may bid on one or all
sections with the understanding that
if the work i3 awarded as a whole that
work will be commenced on two sec
tions simultaneously.
Plans, profiles, specifications, bid
ding blanks, and any further informa
tion desired may be had upon applica
tion to P. H. Halleck, City Engineer,
Bisbee, Arizona, when accompanied by
cheek for Ten ($10.00) Dollars.
All bids must be accompanied by a
certified check In the sum of 10 per
cent of the bid. The Common Council
reserves the right to reject any bid,
any part of a bid, or all bids.
Address all bids to the City Clerk,
Bisbee, Arizona. Mark plainly on the
outside of the envelope the nature of
the bid.
By order of the Common Council.
JACOB ERICKSON,
ATTEST: Mayor.
M. L. BUTTER,
City Clerk.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS
Notice is hereby given that sealed
written bids will be received by the
Common Council of the City of Bisbee,
Cochise County, Arizona, at the Coun
cil Chamber in the City Hall, same to
be opened at 7:30 p. m., Tuesday,
June 3, 1919, for the following ma
terials: 5000 bbls. Portland Cement, more or
less, f. b. b. cars Bisbee, Arizona.
All cement to conform with the
standard specifications for Portland
Cement adopted by the American So
ciety for Testing Materials.
Detail information on the above may
be obtained by applying to P. H. Hal
leck, City Engineer.
All bids must be accompanied by
a certified check in the sum of 10 per
cent of the amount of the bid.
The Council reserves the right to
reject any or all bids.
Address all bids to the City Clerk,
mark plainly on the outside of the
envelope the' nature of the bid.
By order of the Common Council.
JACOB ERICKSON,
ATTEST: Mayor.
M. L. BUTTER.
City Clerk.
LOW
In the World
Daily Review
J t
..-
THE BiSBEE DAILY REViEW, SATURDAY, MAY 17 1919
FIVE i
1
i
3
1
i
Y.
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head are at the rate of 1 cent per word- for
each insertion, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. No ads will be
ceived later than 7 p. m. for insertion the next morning and no ads
Will be taken over the telephone.
For Rent
FOR RENT Nice furnished rooms.
Call at Mrs. Fairclaugh's, McGregor
building, Warren dining room, in
connection. M-21
FOR RENT Three rooms and sleep
ing porch .furnished or unfurnish
ed. Screened front porch, rear Co-
chise lumber yard, Cochise. Sam,
Duff. M-1S
FOR RENT Two or three-room
houses, cabin for batching. 176
Naco road, Holbrook stop. M-20
FOU RENT Two or three furnished
-.onnis. 73 Jiggerville. M-20
N FOR SALE Six-room modern house,
large lot. Bargain. Ben Pemberton,
Bakerville. M-18
FOR RENT Three nice rooms in
new house, private bath, opposite
Lincoln school. Inquire Clark Mar
shall, opfosite Naco water tank, j
Tombstone canyon.
MIS
FOR RENT Three-room furnished
house with front porch and back '
screened porch. Apply 37 Montana
street, Johnson addition. I
FOR RENT Three-room furnished
house, No. 8 Johnson avenue, $14
water free.
Ml 8 I
bath house, no children. Third
ir u i."v iVMiT iru-iTM nrtiiKO ami i
house from Mrs. Connolly, Warren, j
FOR RENT Furnished cottage
auu i
apartment. Inquire Park hotel.
M-20
FOR RENT Four-room furnished
house. Black Knob View, opposite
the Flatiron building. E. W. Rames.
M-18
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping, lights, water
and gas. 163 Opera Drive. Phone
711.
M-18
FOR RENT Four room unfurnished
house. Inquire Norcross, back of
Metz Soda Works. M-20
.
FOR RENT Furnished, two rooms
for light housekeeping. 105 School
Hill. M-1S
FOR RENT Two unfurnished rooms,
next to Copper Queen hospital.
No. 8. M-20
FOR RENT Tent house, all the con
veniences. Loma 39, Laundry can
yon.
M-18
FOR RENT Garage. Apply -David
Playfair, 98 Mason hill. Phona 897
A-27-tf
FOR RENT Two-room house, furnish
ed. Locklin avenue. Inquire 109
Moon canyon, J. P. Sabin. M-18
FOR RENT One unfurnished eight-
room house, opposite Slag dump,
Naco road. Apply C. H. Hogan, of-.
fice" Bisbee Fuel
&Feed company.
M-18
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms
with lights and water. Williams
hill. Tombstone canyon, Mrs. K. E.
Caraway. M-17
FOR RENT Two nice large sunny!
furnished front rooms, Vista fetreet, i
Warren. Call 791. M-ll-tf
FOR RENT One apartment of two
nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms. John Ceron, Warren. M-17
FOR RENT Nice cool apartment, fur
nished, large porch and shade trees,
garage. Ideal lor couple. 308 Camp-ii-ll
strppt. rnp lilor-k from uostof-
fice in Warren. Phone 417. Jn-2 !
FOR RENT Well furnished, cool
rooms, quiet place for miners. Sin
gle or double rooms. Reasonable
rates. St. Elmo hotel. Brewery
avenue. J-4
FOR RENT Three light housekeep
ing rooms. Elliott flats, Clawson
hill, close in. Mrs. D. Otley. M-18
FOR RENT Five-room house. Wm.
Buckett, 35 Oak avenue, Mason hill, t
M-3-tf I
FOR RENT Garage. Apply David!
Playfair, 98 Mason hill. Phone Blue I
647. A-27-tf
Wanted
WANTED Suits cleaned and pressed, ;
$1.50; all work guaranteed. Warren
( leaning Works. Phone 459. M-21
WANTED Two yonag men to board
and room. Phone 767, Warren. M-16 1
WAN"! D A Vi-' wi'i'' uj so in bouid-'
lii bud iix.iuin h'jtife 1 a
Kourtll huitoe Heron cur (rurk liou
Losveii uepot, 53 Upper Lowell. M-17
WANTED Carpenters. Apply new
P. D. garage, Jonnson addition.
MJWf,
LOST Package containing lady's !
clothing, at Warren park. May 14. j
Phone 823. M-17
- t
Spring cleaning time is here. Line
the shelves and boxes with pa;er.
They can be had for 25c a bundle at j
The Review office.
P.EVIEW VmNT ADS I
BRING RESULTS 1
For Sale
FOR SALE Large quantities of clean,
unprinted, white news, paper rem
nants, suitable for wrapping, lin
ing under carpets, rugs and many
ing uaiier carpets, ruge and many
other pai poses. M-20
FOR SALE Home made bread, pies,
aad cakes, at Mrs. Kinsella's home.
111 Tombstone canyon. Leave or
ders, will deliver. Phone 243. M-20
FOR SALE One four-room house la
Warren, Douglas street, fifth house
from depot. See owner for bargain,
from 9 to 12 a. m. M-17
FOR SALE Buy your Chevrolet now.
World's lowest priced electric equip
ped car. A demonstration will con
vince you that the Chevrolet is the
best buy on the market. W. L.
Smart, dealer, next to postoffice in
Lowell. Phone 20 or Red 784. M-17
pqr SALE Marx rooming house, Lo-
well. Bargain if taken at once. D.
O'Neil, proprietor. M -22
for SALE One Oakland six road-
ster; one Studebaker four touring.
Lowell Motor company. Phone 738.
M-20
FOR SALE Furniture, three rooms,
next to Dr. Bledsoe, Mournier apart
ments. M-18
FO RSALE-Genuine leather daven-
Phone'
M-18'
,1 BlaCK 256
FOR SALE Three-room nouse, fur
nished or unfurnished, big pantry
and clothes closets, also wash house,
chicken yard and fruit trees. $250
down, balance' easy terms. Good
auto road to it. 57 Laundry hilL
. M-18
FOR SALE Office furniture, cheap
room. 7 Spark-Kline building. M-18
FOR SALE One Overland car, model
90, good condition.
Tombstone canyon.
Inquire 76
M-17
FOR SALE White satin dress and
evening wrap. 85 Main street. M-21
FOR SALE One second hand Velie
truck. P. H. Halleck, city engineer,
City Hall. . M-14-tf
FOR SALE Ford touring car, 1919
model. 43 J. E. T. street, Johnson
addition. M-21
FOR SALE Ford touring car, $325
cash. 1918 modeL Apply Brophy
garage, Lowell. M-21
roR SALE Sanitary couch, dresser,
chiffonier, three-burner asbestos
wick, carpet almost new. Inquire
Apartment 15, Brooks apartment.
M-18
FOR SALE 15-room house, $250
down, balance same as rent. Call
at 162 Temby avenue. M-18
rQR gALE Ford touring car, 1918
model. Price $325 cash. Apply Ford
earaee. Johnson addition. M-14-tf
FOR SALE New five-room house,
close in, modern conveniences. Cash
or terms. Apply 28 Tank hill
Phone 819. M-18
FOR SALE One horse, two mares,
fiVe old wagons, one ten-horse power
steam engine and boiler, cheap. C.
H. Hogan, office Bisbee Fuel & Feed
comnanv. M-18
FOR RENT Tent house, all the con
veniences. Loma 39, Laundry can
yon.
M-18
FOR SALE Five-room house, partly
furnished or unfurnished with nice
pantry and hath room, woodshed
and line concrete garage, extra lot
and lruit trees. Apply Mrs. A. J.
Applin, 1S1 Temby avenue, road
back of Methodist church. Jn-10
FOR SALE Five-room house, partly
furnished or unfurnished with nice
pantry and bath room, woodshed
and tine concrete garage, extra lot
and fruit trees. Apply Mrs. A. J.
Applin. 181 Temby avenue, road
back of Methodist church. Jn-9
FOR SALE Watches and diamonds
lett in pawn at second hand prices.
Liberty bonds and war stamps casn
ed. Reliable house, United Loan
Jewelry company. Brewery Gulch.
A-5-tf
"OR SALE Uncalled for suits. M.
Levin, Lowell, Ariz. 597
FOR SALE Orwill trade tor Bisbee j
property. One lot in Los Angeles, j
45x135. Best residence section, all
i-nproveiaents. John P. Steffea.
Pfcoue Red 7 2-23-tt 1
, Female Help Wanted
WANTED Girl, permanent office jo-
Kition abie to operate typewriter
with general business experience,
$15 per week to start. Apply in
handwriting. X Y Z, tare Bisbee
Daily Review. M-16-tf
WANTED Lady solicitors, $15 to $35
per week. 85 Main'btreet. M-21
WANTED Girl, permanent office po
fiition, able to operate typewriter
with general buHiness experience.
AfipSy i;i huudwriti-M, N. Y Z. care
Bisbee Daily Review. M-16-tf
Mining and Financial News
9Y REVIEW
STOCKS AND BONDS t in textiles and hides aid leather and
NEW YORK, May 16. The further' footwear, and reports that transac
strength of today's stock market, es-tions are runping beyond calculations
pecially the demonstration in rails,
semed to impl ythat Wall street looks
forward with confidence to the con
venin gof congress in the coming
week. At no period since the incep
tion o fthe bull movement, now some
three months back, has the accumula
tion of transportations been so com
prehensive or consistent as was wit-
nessed in the course of today's very ac-1
tive session.
Gains among pacifies, grangers, ;
coalers and cotton carriers ranged to
from 1 to 3 points, but secondary is- j
sues were not overlooked, Texas and j
Pacific; Missouri Pacific, Chicago ;
Great Western, Erie and Pere Mar-'..
quette making substantial advances. I
Profit taking cut heavily into the
rails during the last hour. United
States Steel held only a small frac-
tion of its extreme advance of 1
points and other steels and equip-
ments eased toward the close. Spies :
amounted to 1,600,000 shares.
Further collapse of exchange on
francs and lire attracted little atten-jing, $1.151.25; fine clothing, $1.40
tion, except in banking quarters. Call; 1.45; fine medium clothing, $1.35
money was distnetly easier, with time! 1.38; pulled extra $1.75; AA, $1.70; A,
funds in scant supply.
The general bond market was
strong, except tractions, which eased i
on the setback in stocks. Total sales
par value, aggregated $13,275,000. Old
United States bonds were unchanged
on call.
THE METAL MARKET
NEW YORK, May 16 Lead, strong.
Spot 492 bid: June 5105-20- x
Spetre, firm; suot East St. Louis de
livery ?6.U7 ma; June, ?t.iot.Jz. a
Bar silver. $1.11 U
Copper, firm; electrolytic 1616c:
OPTIMISM PREVALS, SAYS DUN'S
NEW YORK, May 16. Dun's says:
"With a freer functioning of natural
eccriomic forces permitted by the
further removal of' artificial measures
discordant notes in business are be
coming fewer and fainter and are be
ing steadily replaced by more frequent
and clearer expressions of optirrfism
regarding the future. The great iron
and steel industry, for months repress
ed by prices uncertainties, now gives
indication of a rewakening under the
return of strictly competitive condi
tions and the copper trade, although
slow to experience recovery, is also
beginning to show signs of renewed
animation. While the gain in these
linao ia vot Tnninlv nnp rf a mnrp
cherful sentiment, there are multiply-1
ing evidences of increases of orders'.
in some ohher leading branches, as
Help Wanted Male
WANTED Two concentrating men.
They must understand their busi
ness. ' Wages $5. One man that un
derstands laying pipe, that can
speak Spanish. Apply Geo. W. Nicol
son, superintendent, Tungsteh Reef
Mines company, Hereford, Ariz.
M-17
WANTED
routes.
- Boys to learn paper!
as Buusiiiuiu cauieia.
Chance to have route of your own
later. References must be furnish
ed. Only honest and energetic boys
need apply. See Circulation Man
ager, Bisbee Daily Review. A-17-tf
WANTED Boys to sell papers on the
streets. Lots of boys are making
big money on the streets every
morning by a few hours selling The
Bisbee Daily Review. The paper is
ready for you from 4 a. m. "The
early bird catches the worm."
A-17-tf
Miscellaneous
HiPP9 flniTTHT.AVn nir
STOCK 90 cents per share. 300
shares New South Oil Stock at 90
cents per share, 300 Imperial Oi. &
Derrick stock at 85 cents per share.
Will accept Liberty bonds at par.
Homer Marchbanks, Abilene, Texas.
M-21
CORSETS Try our new system tailor
made Corsets. Perfect fit guaran
teed, any style made to fit any
form. Alterations a specialty. 85
Main street. Phone Black 279. M-21
IF YOU WANT NICE AND CHEAP
food call at Food Shop, 85 Main
street. New .management. Our mot
to: Cleanliness next to Godliness.
M-13
CASH FOR OLD FALSE TEETH j
(Broken or not) We pay $2 to $35 j
per set; also actual value for lia-t
monds, watches, bridgework, crowns, i
old gold, silver and platinum. Send)
nt nnfp and receive cash bv return
mail. Your goods returned if price i.
ih unsatisfactory. Mazjr Bros..!
-2""7 S. .V.h St., Philadelphia, Ph.
M-0
... i
RfcAL SNAP 160 acres land located
ford. Good pumping plant, lots of
water, all undur cultivation. Inquire
"Jack's" place. Hereford, Ariz. M-18
GOSSARD CORSETS
Now sold at
carefully, fitted by; Ines iWarliurtou.;
-. A26-M26!
.VHITE TO "Y. M. C A. School, Los'
Angeles," about Auto, Radio. Com-
iiierciil -nd Engineering
courses.
.,,
Train for service.
WE'LL CASH YOUR LIBERTY !
Do uds and W. B. S. Kooui No. 7,'
Sparks Kline buildiug. A-6-tf i
LEASED WIRE
are growing more common."
Weekly bank clearings $6,537,208,
149. WOOL MARKET EASIER
BOSTON, May 16. The Commercial
Bulletin tomorrow will say:
"The market for fine wools as re
flected by the government auctions, is
easier, while the call for medium
wools seems to be a little stronger. In
the west buyers are operating with
considerable freedom and prices are
slightly firmer than last week,
"The foreign markets are generally
firm with prices ot London somewhat
higher for the week,
'The situation among the mills is
without material change, although
prices are very strong as compared
with last week."
Scoured basis: Texas fine, 12
months, ?1.0 1.55; fine eight months
?1301.35.
Territory: Fine staple $1,651.70;
half blood, $1.551.65; blood comb
supers $1.551.60.
Mohair: Best combing, 60(??65c;
carding 5560c
THE GRAIN MARKET
CHICAGO, May 16. Weakness de
veloped in the corn market today ow
ing more or less to predictions of a
materia lincrease of arrivals within a
week or ten days. The market closed
heavy, to 2c net lower, with July
$1.61 to $1.62 and September $1.55
to $1.55. Oats finished to lc
off and provisions unchanged to 30c
down. Selling pressure which re3titt-
ed from the outlook for enlarged re
ceipts of corn was based on advices
that planting had been nearly complet
ed In some sections, and that the crop
movement depende dto a great ex
tent on the celerity with which field
work could be got but of the way. Re
ports that ' 300,000 bushels of Argen
tine cor no fexcellent quality contain
ing only 11 per cent of moisture had
reached New York tended further to
give the bears an advantage in the
late dealings, especially as more of
this corn was offered at $1.44 c i. f.
New York via steamer and $1.40 via
sailer. ,
Oats weakened with com notwith
standing export sales of 200,000
bushels.
Provisions were depressed by sell
ln eascrmea to siock nouses.
THE COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK, May 16. Cotton clos
ed at net advance of 35 to 57 points.
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Clos'ng Quotations May 16, 1919
NEW YORK
American Can 55
American Car .. 103
American Beet Sugar 80
American Locomotive , 80
' American Smelters 18
Allis 40
Baltlraore and 0hio 51
Baldwin Locomotive 101
Bethlehem Steel 77
C and 0 67
Central Leather. 9194
Corn Products 62
C F. and I. 46
Canadian Pacific 167
Crucible Steel
California Petroleum pfd
Cerro 4
Caddo
Erie ,
76
79
44
51
19
71
Goodrich
General Motors 185
muuoiwai Aituuui , rz
j Maxwell Motors
! Marine
44
47 ;s
us?;
47 Ts
179
SOVs
97
5 Marine pfd
Midvale
Mexican Petroleum
Newv York Central.
Northern Pacific .
Oklahoma Products
Pennsylvania 46
Pan American 8S
Pierce Oil 26
1 Reading S9g
.Rubber
9SV4
Republic Steel y . . 86
Studebaker S2;
Steel 102?a
Steel pfd 1147
St. Paul
45
74
St. Paul pfd
Southern Pacific 109
Sinclair 64
Sinclair Gulf 59
Tobacco Products 89 Vi
Texas Pacific 48
Texas Oil 25
Tennessee Coyner
NKV VOUK COrPKR1
11
1 Aucuuda
: Buu . .
I Ciiiuo . .
i rhu
38 T
23
41
53
34
.26V4
36
; 21 Vi'
15
78
100
37
13
G4
3H5
; yrt!en -dn
Inspiration
Kenuecott
Miami
Old Lciain:o:i
'ay. ? ; ;
.5
Sbattuck.
Utali
BOSTON COPPiiltS
dveuture
...
Allouez
Arizona Coml
Ahm
(.'. and A.
C. aud II.
C. Range 45
East Butte 10 M
Granby 71
Hancock 5
Keenenaw llA
Lake 4,i
Mohawk 60
North Butte 11
Nip 11
New Corn; 18
Osceola 50
Pond Creek 18
Quincy 60
Shannon
Shattuck
Sup and Boston
Ventura
Jtoy ...
Wolv
i
15
10
15
27
19
Winona 100
Trinity
B. and M '
CURBS
A. and A
Big Ledge
Butte and London
California and Jerome.,
Denn ,
0 1
lit
Of3
... 12
...
... 12
... 15
Dunde 100
Emma 1
Gadsden 3
Green Monster
Hull Copper 44
Howe Sound r 4
Hecla 9.... 5
Iron Caps 11
Jerome Verde 80
Magma Copper 33
Magma Chief
Miami Cons 10
Porphyry '
United Eastern 485
Verde Extension . .
Verde Combination
38
Wright Martin
5
Cosden
Tz,
Glen Rock ,
7
Island Oil
8
Mid West Rfg 1S9
Okmulgee
Curtiss
OT
134
Cresson Gold
Sapulpa 8
LIBERTY B$NDS
3's $99.30
First 4's 95.50
Second 4's 94.26
First 4 Si's 95.70
Second 4i's 94.3
Third 4's 95.56
Fourth iM'a , 91.46
OATMAN
(By Collins &. Bretherton)
Bid
Ask
Argo . . ;
Adams
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom- Reed
Big Jim Cons 13
Boundary Cone 2
Gold OTe 5
Gold Road Bonanza 2
Gold Cliff ..
Lucky Boy 7
Sunnyside 6
Telluride 20
Tom Reed 1.1
United Eastern 4.80
United Western 4
14
3
6
3
15
8
7
23
1.63
4.85
5
20
3.50
50
15
60
7
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 3.25
Green Monster 37
Butte London 12
Dundee 50
Venture Hill 6
Jerome Verde 75
Arkansas Arizona
Hull Copper : 40
Magma Chief 62
W6lv Arizona 1.87
Verde Combination 50
Miami Consolidated 2
Night Hawk
Grand Island 15
Kay Copper 1.00
Nacozari Consolidated 38
Con Copper Mines... 5.50
Calumet and Jerome 37
Feather River
80
13
44
75
2.0Q
56
10
1.00
17
40
6.00
44
16
GABY'S ENCHANTED
HATS
"I can't refuse the opportunity ot
being Blangy, in saying that the mod
ern woman finds the greatest delight
in talking through her hat," remarks
Mary Edith Butler, the author of
many clever metropolitan studies, who
is also responsible for "The Rose
Behind the Wall." Here is a wide
range of observation, and she con
fesses that, though she had no I
thought of Gaby Deslys. the pro-1
nouncement amply includes the fas-1
cinating French dancer and actress. J
As a matter of fact Gaby not only i
talks through her hats, but she sings j
through them, charms through them !
and has taken ia a stream of gold !
through them. Indeed, someone has
called her the "Hat Hebe." ot the ;
internntional btagc; end. the epre-i
aeut&iive m' Hi Pitubiup Leader, j
lieo iat ihit. beheld Gaby uu hc
last visit to this country. Shl nt uoee
b. new solutioa to the housiug prob
lem, with certain aesthetic investiture,
when he declared:
"Solomon, In all his glory, was not
arrayed like unto her. Her hats w?ie j
huge canopies oV tents. She could
have lived and obtained shelter un- j
der those hatsi
'And, s?o, indeed, she has. , It is es
timated that Gaby's wonderful stage
headgear, iucluding the race and beau
tiful plumes, has cost in all $200,000.
A witty Frenchmau, iu analyzing
his emotions, has Bald that he didn't
know whether he was more faseiuat
ed by the buti; thau by Gaby horbelf
but theu, he gallantly added, with-
'CAPTAIN COURTESY'
IS PHOTOPLAY FOR
RED-BLOODED FANS
DUSTIN FARNUM DOES DARE
DEVIL RIDING IN PICTURE
OF OLD CALIFORNIA
All the red-blooded film fans will j
await with interest "Captain Court-!
esy,' 'which will be shown at the Lyric
theater today, for it stars Dustin Far-
num in some dare-devile riding which i
few people have ever seen. Mr. Far-
num is glad of this opportunity to
show the public that he is actually a
riuer; lur evtruuuj nuowa mai enm-
ed horsemanship cannot be faked it
has to be done.
When he plunges through a stained-;
glass window of the old San Fernando
Mission to warn the inmates of an in-
spirited thoroughbred, with dilated
nostrils and head aloft, becomes as
much an actor as the rider himself.
He sniffs the breeze, then hridges
a most dangerous gap with his glossy,
supple body, landing in the center ot
the chapel where the padre is at j
prayer. This scene is tremendously :
dramatic, and shows Mr. Farnum to
the very best advantage.
Herbert Standing, who has estab-
lished himself in the hearts of photo -
play lovers, enacts the role of the;
padre in a most natural and artistic
manner. AdT.
out the hats Gaby would not be the
Gaby that'he loved.
Some of the most beautiful of these
capital creations, new and wholly j
poetic ones, are shown in a magnifi-1
cent screen presentation of Marcel I
L'Herbier's romance, "Infatuation,"
a six-reel Pathe Special Feature, ml
which Gaby Deslys is the star. It
will be shown at the Grand theater
Saturday and Sunday. It was pro
duced in France by the Eclipse Film
company and directed by Louis Mer
canton, formerly stage director for
Madame Sarah Bernhardt and Sir Her
bert Beerbohm Tree.
To this picture he has brought the
best of his skill in developing both
the pictorial and the emotional sides.
It is a great story and the authorita
tiev world of Mr. Bercanton stands
for it that Goby rises, with splendid
appeal, to every emotional demand.
"And, 'he added smilingly, "she
doesn't do it through her hat." Adv.
".BLOOD TONIC
I SAY NUMBER 40"
Frank P. Skaggs, prominent drug
gist, Harrisburg, 111., writes: "Number
40 is still going good. If a customer
says 'Blood Tonic,' I say 'Number 40,
as it gives the best satisfaction of
any blood tonic I have ever r.old."
" Employed in blood poison, chronic
rheumatism, and catarrh, scrofula.
mercurial and lead poisoning, consti
pation, liver and stomach troubles. Un
der its use, nodes, tumors and gland
ular swellings that have withstood all
other treatftient disappear as if by
magic.
Made by J. C. Mendenhall, 40 years
a druggist, Evansville. Ind. Price
$1.25 per bottle, 6ix bottles 7.
Sold by Central Pharmacy, Bisbee.
Ariz. Adv.
H. C. AYRES
Contractor and Builder
If you are planning a home
or building of any kind, es
timates furnished.
No Job too Small
None too Large
J. D. BAUER
LAWYER
Legal Papers and Collections
, General Law Business ,
LOWELL, ARIZ. PHONE 346
Phone it to The Review if
it's news.
Copper Queen Hotel and agh-aass cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p.' m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
L, J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber &. Co.. Boston, Duluth, Calumt.
LOGAN A. BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
h ,vrlte today for booklet "B," explaining
vJC y'J eceiving deposits by
A (v-'x on fcavinsts Accounts.
SEEK STABILIZATION
OF LIVESTOCK TRADE
CHICAGO, May 16. About 15
representatives of livestock associa
tions organized themselves into a
national committee here today to
stabilize the Industry as well as
working out solutions of the problems
o fthe producers. H. C. Wallace of
Des Moines was chosen chairman
and W. J. Carmichael ot Chicago sec
retary of the National Swine Growers'
i association, as secretary.
The committee will meet with rep
resentatives of the packing industry
tomor when orean5zatlon details
wi be perfected
1 CONSTIPATION
j Stomac, - Caused Till
Lady Much Suffering. Black
Draught Reliered.
Meadorsville, Ky. Mm. Pearl Pat
rick, of this place, writes: "I m
very constipated. I had soar stomach
and was so nn comfortable. I went to
the doctor. He rave me some pills.
They weakened me and seemed to
tear tip my digestion. They would
, gripe me and afterwards It seemed
I was more constipated than before. !
I heard of Black-Draught and de-;
elded to try It I found It Just what I;
needed. It was an easy laxative, and
not had to swallow. My digestion soon
Improved. I got well of the sour stom
ach, my bowels soon seemed normal
uo mor" nu uu woum
dos now and tlien -a WM 111 l"004
Bb&Pe.
1 cannot say too much, for Black.
Draught for It Is the finest laxatlri
one can use."
Thedford's Black-Draught has for
many years been found of great value
In the treatment of stomach, liver and
bowel troubles. Easy to take, gentle
and reliable in Its action, leaving no
bad after-effects, It has won the praise
of thousands of people who have used
j tt
1
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
JEROME and
OATMAN STOCKS
Sales Agents
SOUTHWESTERN OIL
DEVELOPMENT CO.
- I Jack Bldg.' Main St
- j I phone 26. Box 1129
- : I
DR. PLAYFAIR
Osteopath
98 Mason Hill Phone 897
Mason Hill Car Stop
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
! PHONE 15.
O K ST.
WIV "A.LEY
TRANSFER & STORAGE
PHNE 50
Residence, Black 333
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depat
PHONES 640 and 58.
-41-,.?
our system oi
i
mail, 4 compound Interest paio SIX
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY, MAY 17, 1919
. . 1 . . i
Tin.
A IJJO US hilt A ULUJfC
! 1
CHRISTIAN CHURCH PICNIC.
Tlio Christian church Bible school
class will hold iis annual picnic at
1 o'clock this afternoon. In Upper
Quarry canyon. All member and
friend are cordially Invited to at
tend the picnic duiing which there
w ill bo music, games and other amuse
ments. Those attending are asked to
brirtt; with them sandwiches, cake and
fruit.
TO MAKE AUTOMOBILE TRIP.
C. A. Gilbert, electricia at the car
barns, and Lewis Jones, motorman,
will leave Monday for an extensive
automobile trip through the northern
part of the state and New Mexico.
SONG LEADER TO PREACH.
Rev. Matthes of the Christian
church, announces that Alfred O.
Kuhn, lecturer and song leader, will
r reach at the Christian church at the
11 o'clock Sunday morning service.
Hi? theme will be. "Autobiography of
a Famous Prisoner."
RETURNS WITH BRIDE.
C. C. Flaherty, motorman on the
Owl run, returned to litsbee this week
I Trom the coast accompanied by a
I bride whom he wedded while on a va-
cation to various points of interest.
OPEN AIR SINGING.
A special outdoor musical program
has been arranged to take place on
the tennis court at the Y. W. C. A.
tomorrow evening between 6 and 7
o'clock. The music will be conducted
by Alfred O. Kuhn, and he is desirous
of making it the most popular gather
ing during his short visit to Bisbee.
The public are invited to attend this
singing program.
RAZING CAR BARNS.
Work of demobilizing the old Phelps
Dodge car barns was started this week j
and in. two weeks' time the building
will be a thing of the past. The new
city barn which is being built in John
son addition will be completed during
the next few days.
PARTING GIFT FOR P. D.
DOUGLAS STORE HEAD
Just a few moments before closius
time for the Phelps Dodge Mercantile
s'ore at Douglas yesterday, H. B. Ilice,
who yesterday resigned as manaser,
was met with a delegation from the
store clerks, who presented him with
a massive gold rinji. set with one caret
diamond in the center of a handsome
carving, in appreciation of the feeling
that existed between the management
and the staff.
Mr. Rico, who has been connected
with the Douglas bramh first as as
sistant manager and later as manager,
deeply appreciated the gift which was
purchased as a result of a subscrip-'
tion taken up among the employes.
Mr. Rice left last night for California,
accompanied by his son, Rex, and his
brother Jack. They are going on a
hunting trip in the mountains and ex
pect to be away for two months. Upon
his return Mr. Rue expects to engao
iu business in Douglas.
Spring cleaning time is here. Line
the shelves and boxes with paper
They can be had for 25c a bundle at
The Review office.
THE IDOL OF THE SCREEN'S GREATEST PICTURE
With Ruby De Remer and James Lackaye
HEARING POSTPONED.
The preliminary hearing of J. Y.
Johnson, known as Thomas Densmore,
who is accused of crossing the line
under an assumed name, was post
poned until jext Tuesday. Johnson
was to have had a hearing before J. r.
Taylor. United States commissioner,
1 yesterday.
SPECIAL SINGING.
At the evening service at the Meth
odist church. A. C. Kuhn wi!l conduct
4he singing. Special music has be?n
selected for the service which begins
at S o'clock.
VISITING r KUrvi i umoa i unt.
J. E. James, clerk of the superior
court, was in the city yesterday visiting.
FUNERAL OF CHILD.
The funeral of Leon Jlmeneb, who
died Thursday at the 'home of his
parents in Dubacher canyon, was held
at 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon frot
the Hennessey Undertaking parlors.
GOVERNOR AT DOUGLAS ;
Governor Thomas E. Campbell gave '
an address to the graduating students
of the Douglas high school last night.:
The class this year is one of the larg-
est graduated lor some time and the:
auditorium was crowded with students j
and parents. Governor Campbell will '
leave Douglas this morning for Bis-1
bee, where he will remain during the'
day. He expects to leave for Phoenix
tins eer.ing. I
LOCAL MAN ELECTED TO
K. OF C. OFFICE.
--John Fitzpatrick of this city was
'elected Grand Knight at the state
'convention of the Knights of Colum
jbus at Globe this week. E. J. F. Horn
:Of Prescott was re-elected treasurer.
;TO VISIT IN EAST.
I G. L. Adams lert yesterday for Day
ton Beach, Fla., where he will visit.
GREETED BY NEW SON
Upon his at rival home yesterday
from Ajo, where he was one of the :
Calumet and Arizona company's hel-.
met crew that helped extinguish the ;
fire in the Ajo ater well, Frank j
Thompson of Mason hill, was greeted '
by a new sen who was born Wednes- '
night. The boy weighs S pounds. Mr. !
Thompson remained at Ajo several j
days'with other members of the crew
after the fire was put out in order
that the electric pumps could be put
in working order as soon as possible.
The results were Ajo was without di
rect water supply for two days only.
Salt Mackerel .2 for 25c
Pickles, all kinds, 20c doz.
Irish Potatoes, ....6 lbs, 25c
Eggs, per doz 50c
Special Prices on 10 pound
and 20 pound Boxes
Crackers
Hebe Milk, 2 cans 25c
All Fresh Vegetables- Fruits,
and Groceries
Especially Nice
Strawberries
Now on all of our
From
Guni .... 3 pkgs. for 10c
OPP. DEPOT
Phone 213
Miners
Meat
Market
Naco Road
Fhone 141
SPRING CHICKENS
FRESH KILLED
HENS
MILK FED VEAL
K. C. MUTTON
CHOICE CUTS K. C.
BEEF
Buy Here &
Save Money
Our prices are the low
est. Compare them and
see. Choicest cuts of
Quality Meats. We
Save You Money. Buy
Here Today.
! ' today icvi npjL
! SUNPAY ; iMgiV IIS
ll
i m f. jr -
eatxe
Continuous
1 to 11
it, "
ip& were Jviirujry r , ragged
and feenriiLess wiihrio
kojbe LTV your heart
And you suddenly were
made rich and comfort
Le and had a Loveaffxwt
rush ub am yoia-'and
uoulweaa&dncmifcp
, QOUlA,youteeji&ufc ?
(Ml & Hart
ANGELS BUY PITCHER
MOVE TO FLORIDA.
Gale L. Adams and family left last
night for Dayton Beach, Fla., whore
Mr. Adams has accepted a position
'with the Colorado-Florida Land com
.ppnv. For the past two years Mr.
Adams has been employed in the engi- Powers of the Los Angeles club,
neering department of the Shattuck ' (
and Denn Copper companies.
LOS ANGELES, May 16. Ray
Bates, third baseman for the Phila
delphia Athletics, was purchased from
that &ub today by President John
SON BORN. j
A son was born to Mr. and Mrs.
Itnlph B. Verfurth at their home in
'Warren on May 16. '
Housecleaning time is here and you
will need lots of clean papers under
your carpets, rugs and on shelves.
Get them at the Review office in
25-cent bundles. A-27
ARMY OFFICER LEAVES. ;
Capt. C. U. Pickrell of Phoenix, who1
has been visiting Mr. and Mrs. I. W. j
Wallace, has left the cify for El Paso ,
to which place he goes to get his dis-j
charge from the army.
Business Locals
SPECIAL TOD Ay
0
Sugar, 10 lbs. for
EL C. Corn Flakes, 3 pkgs. for .....
t
Crackers' 20c size, per pkg. :
Ginger Snaps, 35c size, per barrel.
$1.00
. .25
.15
. .25
See the answer in the thiillin
ts tkjQstpjr
.t
i
QD
X
ROLB
L. L. Gilman sells the New Edison.
The Phonograph With a Soul." Adv
Salad Wafers, large tins' 90c size .75
Van Camps Soups, 12 cans 95
WE DELIVER ORDERS AMOUNTING TO $5.00
Cull & Hart
The Thrills of the Day with Riches," Love
and Comforts in Contrast with Miserable,
Helpless Poverty.
(A Special Production in 7 Acts)
THIS PICTURE HAS THE PERSONAL GUARANTEE
OF THE MANAGEMENT ,
I
Also
Phone 221
Lowell
ALSO FOX COMEDY, TWO FARTS MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA
Admission:.. Children, 10c; Adults, 25c Any Seat This Includes War Tax
WEDDING BELLS.
Word has been received in the city
.announcing the marriage of Gladys
Hammell of this city to Mr. Robert H.
Kngle of Douglas. The wedding took
place in Douglas a few days ago.
RELIEF FUND.
. Additional contributions for the re
lief of the Jarcke family reported re
ceived by Dan Seed are: Mrs. C. W.
Cam, f::; Thos. E. Colford, 51; Cash,
i.
OIL OIL OIL
We hsve the following Oil Stock
for Sale
Texas Crude Oil Co.
Central Oil Co.
Burkburnett Victory Oil Co
O-Tex Production Co.
Invader Oil & Refining Co.
f. BRIGGS & COMPANY
Phone 701
P. O. Box 3007 Lowell
I V g WH, mwpimmiinj ' yii.li m .iiiii .1 mi win i mni i iiiiiiiiiii.iihi4mw ll m im 1. . j
wma i MHBMBBOtZBBMBBBBBEBgKWBiftirerTlilfiflWlJlUMBBEBnEMBB3EBfc .-'.. . -iTirfiinmii'ia'' -- - - ' ---"-in-; -nil -- - - mrinin'r i i at Vinr iiimi u ni ammtmmJ
o
AND
H
T7 77
A Man
Can Borrow
Money on
What He
Puts Into
A Home
He Can't on
What He
Pays Out
For Rent
Bisbee Lumber
Company
(Incorporated)
E. MARKS, Manager
Lowell Car Stop Phone 25
RANGER OIL
15216c
Controls valuable producing Roy
alty interests in Ranger, Burkbur
nett and Oklahoma, the sensational
5,000 barrels well which came in
on May 3, on the 3,000-acre Deni
son tract in which the Ranger Oil
Co. is interested, virtually proves
that acreage, adds greatly to the
company's income and portends
heavy earnings as this immense
acreage is further drilled.
Dividends
A.re ro,v being earned and re
Invested In added interests. . Of
ficial advice states company wil
;o on regular dividend basis in 90
days.
Speculation
Because of the vast drilling cam
paign on leases in which the com
pany is interested, unusual chance
for market enhancement is present
ed, while present production justi
fies belief of steady dividends. Buy
Ranger Oil as the most attractive
ipeculative dividend issue of the
entire Texas list. All Texas Oils
bought, sold, quoted. Daily quota
tions from Ft. Worth and Ranger
Stock Exchanges.
Wilson, Lackey & Co.
Stock and Bond Brokers
Orders Executed All Exchanges
414 I. W. Hellman Building
LOS ANGELES MAIN 2751
"Quick, Satisfactory Service"
CONTINUOUS 1:00 TO 11:00 P. M.
SPECIAL, TODAY
a rrr rr
SPECIAL
4-
X
PATHE PRESENTS THE INCOMPARABLE PARISIAN STAR
'-JY XS y
' JH z s-' -
4 ;
IN
7.-. ,
nwm
ATION"
z
9 ij. 1
UP"
A Cinematographic Masterpiece Featuring this Famous French Dancer. The Most Talked
of Woman in the World
A Theatre with in a Theatre the great Paris Casino show, rivaling Dillingham's New
York Hippodrome productions, is seen in this sensational French Feature de Luxe
GABY DESLYS
THE DARLING OF PARIS
ALSO A TRIANGLE COMEDY,
p.
"A MARRIAG
NO
Admission Lower Floor, 25c... Balsony, 15c. Children, 10c
This Includes War Tax
n
j