m
WEATHER
Sunday and Monday
partly cloudy; tem
perature same .
METALS
Copper ..' $23.00
Lead, quiet $5.50
Spelter $G.S5
Associated Press Special. Leased Wire Service
fit..
VOL. 21, NO. 222.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1919.
PRICE HVE CENTS.
I
i
', 4
i
1
i
i
i
s
i
iESTIGATIOfi
0.OMK
SINKING BEGUN
cr.y Review Ua.wJ Wire) I
VMOiirvr'Tnv isn o-. P..KHshf 1
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2a. Pub'IsheJ
reports teat the crui ser Gait eston had
failed to gie adequate protection to
thA mr:can trarsport Ticonderoga,
sunk by a Gorman submarine Sep-
tember CO last, caused Secretary Dan-,
iels to issue a statement tonight,
Ecribius how the ship was destroyed,
xm
as reported by the commanding offi-, here wa nJ di8CUgsion of Mr.
cer of the cruiser before the court of ! rmour'B plan, which he proposed dur
inquiry investigating the case. fing cross-examination by Francis J.
The statement set forth that the
Galveston, acting as escort for 14 ve3-'"T
sc-ls, 500
tt,;i ff RrMu'o onact
-- - iA .
s ahead and oa the right flank, and j
-..i
w
that
the
,r,r-n ,.,rri0- vitnr wa b '
i , , ,rr-- or.; r iho
convoj-r shortly before daylight the I
Cahestcn received a fla.h on the star- 8ULn as "t u
beard side about six miles away and lative,action. and said he believed this
thinking they were being ' attacked ! waa a common practice among indus
changed her course, ran several hun-i 9- Payments were paid on a per
dred yards and opened fire. The com-i ntage basis. jbJch 'olloed. he add
mandins officer reported that a few the basis adopted during a pool by
minutes later the Galveston saw a these concerns many y ears ag to
second set of gun flashes which were ! ent an oreMuppl ed Pfrke
very close together -and made it Eah. he comtpf ni?' "J
dangerous to continue firing, due toinow tried to maintain about tje same
,!n. . . 1 share of business aa at that time, but
the poss oJ:ty of hitting a friendly, , that there was any actual
t?4?ecf iThSsSrSl"""1 to that effect-
tia of gun flashes the cruiser quit ..j you thJnk that tere ia a de-
'PT , Ti , v A elded tendency." Mr. Heney asked.
Not Rowing the Ticonderoga had eventual growth of only three
fa:Ien out of the convey, the statement ackiup companies-Armour and
coatliiu .d. the Galveston returned to j Swift and COmpany. and
iier ijuj. u in uV t"Morris and company V
bujps micr it was uuiiu LiidL iiic
transport was missing.
"The commanding officer states j
that due to the large number of men
in the engineers' force who were sickii
with iuriuenza. Secretary Daniels !small packing houses, widely distrib
said "it had been necessary to reduce ;uted He accused the packers oi
his boiler power and ir he remained wasteful methods, made possible by
absent from the convoy some length ! their great volume of business,
of time, he would be unable to rejoin I Mr Armour contended that the
and the submarine would, therefore, ! packer3 required no advantage from
have good opportunity of attacking : the relationship with banks and rail
the otlier vessels of the convoy. That! :
he did not know the ship attacked ;
was from his convoy and that It was r
Ms firrt duty to remain with the large '.
number of ships ia the convoy rather;
than to remain lonser with the shin
being attacked und that he thougi.
she had a chance to escape.
"The commanding officer states !
that his general instructions were that
if one 05 more ships in convoy are
torpedoed or mined the ocean escort
is to proceed with her convoy. "
Survivors of the Ticcnderoga re
ported that during the night of Sep
tember the vessel had dropped
out of her position because of dif fi-1
cu ty in maintaining steam and speed.
HflODITfil DDftB! miunuiu
nUorllAL niUDL!uFnwflH 'oiictDinc
STARTED I SEtiATE
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25. Charges
that Milton J. Trainer of Chicago, a
Chilian employe of the war depart
ment had attempted to obtain a com
mission of $100,000 in connection with
plans for construction of the Chicago
tpeedway hospital were vigorously
denied today by E. D. Adcock. of Chi
cago, counsel for Trainer at a hear
ing before the senate buildings com
mittee. Trainer is expected to appear in his
own behalf next week. Adcock told
the ccmmUtee that the charge that
his client had sought the commission
from Edward S. Hines of Chicago, eith
er was uade deliberately without re
gard to truth, or recklessly. In ask
ing that the inquiry be deferred until
Monday, Adcock said evidence as
startling as that in the Lorimer case
would he developed, and in refusing
his request the committee announced
that reference to the Lorimer matter
would not be permitted to go into the
record.
20 LABOR HON OFFICIALS JAILED Oil
FEDERAL CHARGES
(Ry Review Leased Wire)
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Jan. 25. I
Twenty labor union officials and strik-1
inz streetcar men were arrested and ;
arrai'-'iied before United States com- j
rri-siorer? here and in Kansas City.,
Kan., today on a federal complaint I
char.-5n:r conspiracy to hinder opera-tic.-ij
cf strt-'-t cars in intt-r-state traf-.
f ic, pr-.I conspiracy to interfere with
the induction orri-r of John C. Pol-,
lrscli. federal judpe for Kansas, which j
plnred o;.-rtkn of the Kansas CLy, i
Knn . cars in the hands of the United
&u.Tes nwisadu
. . i ,
All defendants pleaded not guilty
and b'-r.d was fixed at $5000 in each
Gov't Monopoly
iv.,.. Tn
(Bv Review j .cased wire)
WASHINGTON', Jan. 25 J. Ogden j
Armour today suggested monoply.!
jr.nder government supervision, or thejm which he.holds stock,
entire meat industry of the country i Mr Armour will continua his testi-
! as best for producer and consumer.
' Testifying before the senate agri-
culture committee, he declared that by
this plan millions of dollars could be
saved, which would help Increase the ;
7 .
aL "1'uc i. .no vut exisiea ueiweeu me Dig patters iu
, of ,Q CCD8Umer8. , buy only cmain percentases of hogs
j The necessity of close government I at various markets. He said Armour
! supervision wa3 emphasized, however., & qq and he thought the others tried
! bv Mr- Armour in connection ith lo maintain the same relative position
by the g0vernment he told the com-; ""vhaf8 be difference between
de-jmittee. because few men. with suchBUcn a understanding and an
! enormous power, would use it proi actual agreement to control a mar
.' c It-
"eney . ao u"e"lnh ;'!
,. ."'w
QJirv. iae question uitrii iuuiucu
' ' j -
ir, ,.: -wt,
11 null ;ti. fulfil t- jLibLtMiire ui a vumuiua- i
tion among the leading packers, which
Mr. Armour denied.
-ir. Armour eiuiainou liiai iuc
Mr. Armour explained
packers contributed to a general fund.
"I've heard some such statement be-
ifore," Mr. Armour replied.
Mr. Heney contended that the
country would be benefitted if tne
IhticinocK vprp rnnillirtpd bv more
Delegates for League
Of Nations
PARIS, Jan. 25. The delegates of
the great powers on the 'league of na
tions, it was learned tonight, will be:
For the United States, President Wil
son and Colonel E. M. House; for
Great Britain, Lord Robert Cecil and
General
:
Jan Chris tain Smuts; for
Wll mi ANSWFRS
HUi'lHH GUI I UHUL
LABOR DELEGATES
(By Review Leasea Wire)
PARIS, Jan. 25. President Wilson
told a delegation representing the
working women of France who called
upon him today to urge that the peace
conference include woman suffrage
amnnp- th nointa rf upttlpmcnt that.
much as he sympathizes with their
cause, he felt that it was entirely a
domestic question for the several na-
tions. He said be believed that it
would tip considered ouite outside the
province of the conference if it "un-1 been discarded as impracticable after
dertook to dictate to the Beveral states consideration, because it would have
what their Internal policy should be." 1 involved the task of appraising the
The same s situation, he . said. PPlied, f each individual soldier
to the question of labor and it seemed j
to him that the conference would give ( "n the other hand." he said, "dis
action bv exDressine ita sentiments on I bandanment of the complete military
' these subjects.
"The conference, said the presv
dent, "is turning out to be a rather an
weildly body a very large body repre-
(Contlnued on Paso Two)
III If. C. STRIKE
1 case. Six ha J obtained bond tonight. !
union officials under arrest are:
Frank O'Shea. Buffalo. N. Y., vice
president of the Carmen's union.
E.
F. Mi:hael. president of the local
en s union.
Carmen's union
f c A j-i t J a. - m 1-
Central Trades and Labor union.
! . . . .
Late tonigtit tne live iator leaders
' furnished bonds of $30,000 through a
j surety company and were released
-r. paraa unn , reom oi iue war departTnent had attempted to in-
omens Trade Union league, and ; aug.jrate a scheme of demobilization
tusmt-53 manager of the Waitresses based largely upon individual requests
UE'cn- J, , ..for individual discharge.
Jerry Burnett, district organizer ofj ..The abPorption of these men into
the Carmen's union. jthe general life of the country their
Charles B. Nelson, secretary of the , 1n nrniirtiva onminrmcKt is
of Meat Packing
, rinri
roads. He gave the committee a full
iist of au Dank3 and railroads of which
ne is director, and small companies
jmony Monday and probably will be!
fcn0wed by his counsel. Levy Mayer,1
. v.ho will discuss the validity -of the.
Kendricks
interests.
bill to regulate the meat
"ru i'uiuu
ket?" asked Mr. Heney.
"Well, it's hardly a tacit understand
ing. We simply try to do our share,"
! replied Mr. Armour.
Armour & Co. buy on a -50-50 basis" j
! at 10" .wona ana:pant6.
n.--j ...,-. ;, m
"c,"r'- " auoc ui
1 i .-. .- i ,1 . -1 i
luc "JUUll,uu U1 uie u lucre.
If W ilson & Co. or any other pack
er bought in competition with Armour: toriov.s over their opponents and the
and Swift at Fort Worth." asked Mr. internal situation of Russia has been
Heney, ' wouldn't you go into a mar-! settled, but the soviet 'governmeiit
ket where he was strong as a retaiia-! upon receipt of the confirmation re
tory measure?" j quested will carefully consider the
"Yes; if his activity continued for proposal. N
any length of time," Mr. Armour re- The Russian bolshevik! government
sponded.
The government should approve
some agency to regulate the supply j L'Humanite. is surprised that the
of meat that comes on the market j suggestion made by the allied and as
each day. "to Drevent a e-lut." Mr. Ar-lscciated ncwers for a conference be-
mour-said. This would replace the
"Yeeder pool" set up by the packers i
tor that purpose and discontinued inltorious in the field. The Bolsheviki,
1902, he added
Mr. Heney asked if there was not
an understanding now that "none of
the big five should interfere with
business of the other four, as it was
determined at the time of the Yeeder
pool?"
"That's true in part," Armour re
plied. Representatives of all the packers
visit the branch houses of the others
daily to determine what the market j
situation is, he added.
The tendency of a private pool is
to operate to the advantage of the
packers. Armour said, while with .
government regulation all interests j
could be considered. j
Are Chosen
France, Leon Bourgeois and Ferdinand
Lardnieu, lord ot the faculty of law of
the University of Pajis; for Italy, Pre
mier Orlando and Vittoria Scialoia;
for Japan. Viscount Chinda and K.
Ochiai. The delegates of the small
nations will be announced later.
nFMORII I7ATIHM
1s1.r1uuiL.iLr1 1 iun
ni 111 10 ncminirn
TLH11 10 VUUWLV
BY GENERAL MARCH
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHlVP.TnY Tin Pannkliiv
an Leader Mann, read to the house !
today a letter from General March,
explaining why the war department
adopted the plan of demobilizing by
disbanding units, instead
of by dis-
cnargmg soldiers
the need of men
in accordance with
in industries. The
. chief of staff said the latter plan had
I unita could and was immediately be-
1 eun. In thiB wav the militarv situation
was safeguarded and at the same time
demobilization was accelerated."
General March urged legislation be
; passed permitting the resumption of
uwrn.,, culiailuCul3 viV- 1 f:red on the special train carrying
'ments In the army, saying demobUiza-;GeiL Augustin Castro to Chihuahua
tion of oversea forces was being re-;cu f j yesterday near Yilla
larded to an extent by the fact thaliAnmad S3 mil;s soutUof the bor-
there are practically ao troops to re- j der
' rvla a a (hAtn
Commenting on the American de-
mobilization figures, the general's let-1
ter said: j
"Such results would have been slm-;
ply impossible had it been attempted ,
to discharge immediately every sol-
I uier w no maae application on maivia-
ual grounds. There are hundreds of,
thousands of men now returned to :
, lndustrial employment, who might not
U. t . ' . .v .v
assisted in the permanent revitaliza-
r tha iT,fHQi Ufa nnrf ot.
. riii th. nn. r th. ommtn-1 A in
'normal peace time condition."
U VHhU liil Akr
UtBAHN
ACCEPTING -611
PARIS. Jan. 25. (Havas.) M.
Tchitcherin, the bolshevik foreign
minister, has sent a wireless message
to the soviet representative in Sweden
asking confirmation of the decision of
the supreme council of the peace con
ference to send a mission to confer
with representatives of the different
factions in Russia on( Princes islands.
M. Tchitcherin's message declares
that Princes islands are too remote
for such a meeting.
He objects to the isolation of the
Islands, as tending to surround the
I conference with secrecy rand to leare
to the entente the eboife of partiei
j, .
i nis proposuion OI Uie
This proposition of the supreme
....
council, tne
message savs. is made at
:a time when the bolshevik! are vie
(at Moscow, according to information!
received by the socialist newspaper j
'tween the Russian factions comes atl
a time when the bolshevik! are vic
however, the advices add, do not re
ject the principle of a conference.
Vladmir Bcurtzeff a well known Rus
sian revolutionist, in an article in the
Matin, says that the Russian parties
opposed to the bolsheviki will posi-
j tively refuse to attend the conference.
Kasn AiaKiakotr, the Kussian, am
bassador to France, the article adds,
declares that all Russians in Paris
feel deeply humiliated by the proposal
of the al"ed and associated powers
LI SUIT
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, Jan. 25.
A verdict for the defendant in the suit
of Mrs. Susannah B. Holmes, known
as "Utah's Silver Queen." against her
nephew, Wallace M. Bransford, in
which an estate with aflstiniated
value of more than $1,000,000 was in
volved, was handed down today in the
district court here.
. The action was brought by Mrs.
Holmes to recover one-half of an $S00,
000 estate willed to her nephew by
his wife, Mrs. Grace Emery Bransford,
adopted daughter of Mrs. Holmes.
Mental incapacity on the part of tes
tator and undue influence on the part
of the beneficiary was alleged.
JUAREZ
JUARE. Mex.. Jan. 25. Yilla fol
lowers held up and robbed a Mexican
Northwestern train last night at San
Pedro, 150 miles southwest of here.
They robbed the cars of large quan
tities of provisions which were carted
to the hills and cached. No one was
killed in the train robbery. The band
was .reported to be in command of
, Vil!a.s men were also reported to have
EL PASO, Tex.. Jan. 25. Pancho
Yilia told the American officials of
raining companies in the Santa Eulalia
district of Chihuahua Tuesday that
hi3 agent would return to Santa Eu
lalia March 1 to collect heavy tribute
from the American companies and un
less this was forthcoming he would
return personally two weeks later and
wreck and burn all the buildings, rail
roads and mine shafts in the dis
trict. He also tld the Americans he
haJ an agert in El Paso to whom
these foreed loans could be paid in
return for protection.
No action has been tuken by the
American companies looking to the
payment of the demands rending re
ceipt of advices from the American
state depart ment. They fo'ar Villa
will carry out Us threat of destruction.
goo
IGETSIILLIOI
1
ACTIVE
UiLLn
fAfj
"The Fortunes of the World Are
Now in the Hands of the Plain
People," Says President Wilson
ALL QUIET II
LEGISLATURE
I
(By Review Leased WIrw)
PHOENIX. Ariz., Jan. 25. With
only the lower house of the legisla
ture in session for a half day little
was accomplished beyond the intro
duction of a lot of bills, most of them
prepared by the state federation of
woman's clubs. One of them fixes the
minimum age for marriage at 1C
years, another raises the age of com
sent to IS years; another creates a
state library commission.
A prolonged struggle took place in
the committee of the whole over a bill
proposing a minimum wage of $100 a
month for teachers 6n a 12-month
basis and, it finally went over to next
Wednesday. The debate indicated a
prevailing sentiment foT the principle
of the bill though several amendments
were suggested. Resolutions in favor
of a league of nations and expressing
confidence in President Wilson were
unanimously adopted.
COJiEY'S ARMY
PAILS TO SHOW
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, Jan. 25. An adver
tised "mass meeting for unemployed"
in Madison Square this afternoon
failed to fan enough enthusiasm even
to frighten the pigeana from the tid
bits thrown to them by casual fre-'
quentera of the park. In fact, there
were more policemen than civilians on
hand at the hour announced on hand
bills. -The police relieved the monot
ony by kicking to pieces a soap box
of mysterious origin and arresting a
man who was distributing the hand
bills. Rumors of an impending march of
unemployed from Madison Square to
city hall caused police authorities to
take precautions, but the hour appoint
ed by the handbills 10:30 o'clock
found the square placid. Its serenity
was not disturbed, so far as the ordi
ary observer could detect but Ellis O.
Jones, author of the recent premature
proclamation abrogating the United (
states government, ran a discriminat
ing eye over the groups of pigeon
feeders, and proudly announced "an
other great day Tor our cause." Jones
was paroled from the psychopathic
ward to which he was taken after is
suing his proclamation, upon the
promise of his wife to have him sent
to a sanitarium.
"Things have happened here this
afternoon," he said to reporters, "that
are too subtle for the poilce or you
reporters to discern. I consider this
a most significant meeting."
"Even though you can't see it." it
was suggested.
"Exactly." said Jones. "Things are
not visible on the surface. There have
been actions taken here this after
noon that look more favorable to our
cause than I would like to discuss."
55 CITIES REPORT
211,000 JOBLESS
(By Review Leased JTtr)
rKILADELPHIA. Jan. 25. Unem
ployment is developing throughout the
country with such rapidity as to war
rant serious concern, according to Na
than Smythe. assistant director gen
eral of the United States employment
service, at a meeting of the American
Academy ot Political and Social Sci
ence here tonight.
"There are unmistakable indications
of an impending storm of extreme se
verity." said Mr. Smythe. "On Jan
nary 21, 55 cities reported a total un
employment of 211,000.
"Reports from the 750 United States
employment service offices throughout i
the country, which for the week end
ing November 9, showed about 3S0.000
positions open and 150.000 applications
for jobs, now show that the margin
has almost entirely disappeared. Gen
erally speaking the southeastern
I states still can absorb labor; the Pa-
cifie, north, middle and eastern states
j show unemployed. In a few places
I such unemployment has reached un
precedented proportions,
j "What the country needs, is not an
, indiscriminate immediate discharge ot
j all soldiers; it wants more speed in
getting out those who have positions
(Continued E Tf Thr
i
i
Strikes Keynote in Masterful
Address on Aims of League
PARIS. Jan. 25 (By the Associated
Press). The session of the peace con
ference opened at 3 o'clock this after
noon in the Salle de la Paix of the
foreign office with the same imposing
setting as the first session, but with
little ceremony and the manifest pur
pose of business. '
M. Clemenceau was again in the
chair, with President Wilson and the
full American delegation at his right,
and Premier Lloyd-George and the
British delegation at his left.
An effort to ascertain the strength
and resources of the German army
will be the first problem considered
by the military committee, appointed
Thursday by the supreme war council
to report on the strength of the allied
and associated forces to be retained
on the western front during the pe
riod of the armistice.
It was -assumed that the Germans
uow have about 500,000 men under
arms, but it is necessary to confirm
these figures and also to determine
to what extent the manufacture of
arms, munitions and other military
supplies is going on.
The purpose is to maintain a
strength at all times superior to the
present or potential strength of the
Germans. There are now eight Amer
ican divisions in Germany, and th,e
findings of the committee will determ
ine whatever may be possible to re
duce this force and send the men
home. The British and French com
mands share the desire to hasten de
mobilization, so it is expected that
the committee will report at the earli
est possible moment.
The inquiry is not understood to ap
ply to the entente and American
forces in Siberia and at Archangel,
where they will be maintained pend
ing the issue of the Princes islands
conference.
When the second session ot the full
peace conference met this afternoon,
it was addressed by President Wilson
on the subject Ct js.leagve of nations.
The president declared the conference
had solemn obligations to make a
permanent settlement.
The present conference, the presi
dent added, could not complete- Us
wcrk until some further machinery
of settlement should be set up. The
president spoke earnestly.
"We are not here alone." he said,
"as representatives of governments,
but as representatives of peoples and
in the settlement we make we need
to satisfy, not the opinions of gov
ernments, but the opinion of man
kind." President Wilson contended that a
league of nations must be a vital thing
BISBEE HERS SELECT DELEGATES TO
LABOR CONFERENCE AT WASHINGTON
At a session last night at the Cop
per Queen dispensary, the grievance
committees of the two local mines,
the Copper Queen and C. & A., se
lected Sam Yerran to represent Bis
bee at the meeting which has been
called by Secretary of Labor Wilson
uext Friday in Washington, D. C, tot
the purpose of devising ways and
means of securing the best possible
working conditions during the read
justment period.
Telegram From Sec'y Labor Read
The following telegram received
from Secretary ot Labor Wilson ex
plains thetpurpose of the meeting
scheduled for January 31. in the capi
tal: "Chairman and Secretary
I Grievance committee.
rneips uoage company.
"On account of the grave con
ditions confronting the copper in
dustry, it is the desire of the de
partment of labor to co-operate in
securing the best possible work
ing conditions during the readjust
ment period. Therefore you are
respectfully requested to joiu with
ether grievance committees in the
Jerome. Clarkdale and Yerde dis
tricts in the selection of three
Wagon Load of Explosives
Wipes Out An Entire Town
(By Review Leased Wire)
MUSKOGEE. Ckla.. Jan. 23. A
wagon loaded with high explosives for
use in the nearby oil fields struck a
rut in the street as it was being
driven through the resijerce section
of the little town of L!g Heart. Okla.,
late today and as a result nine people
are dead tonight and a score of in
jured are being- cared for in the few
undamaged homes of the villa.ee.
The explosion rocke.i the entire
tewn. Eight houses wore completely
demolished and some of the dead were
killed by the falling debris. Not a
building in the town escap-ed damage.
and not casual or occasional. It must
have continuity.
"It should be the eye of nations, an
eye which never slumbers," he de
clared. On his travels, the president said,
people everywhere had greeted the
league as the first thing in their in
terest. "Select classes of men no longer di
rect the affairs of the world." Mid
the president, "but the fortunes of the
world are now in the hands of the
plain people."
The wish of the people therefore,
must be heard. The war had swept
away those old foundations by which
smnll coteries had "used mankind as
pawns in a game." Nothing but em
ancipation from the old system, he
contended, would accomplish real
I peace.
! The president saw American sol
idiers in the street soldiers who had
come, not alone for war. but as "cru
saders in a great cause," and he add
ed, "and I. like them, must be a cru
sader, whatever it costs to accomp
lish that end."
After declaring that the conference
was for the purpose of a settlement
arising out of the war and to make
peace for the world. President Wilson
said:
"A lengue of nations seems neces
sary for both purposes. There are
many questions which we feel cannot
ultimately be worked cut here, that
may require subsequent consideration,
subsequent alterations even to some
degree."
He described how the ar burden
was borne by the people as well as by
the armies, and said:
"We are bidden by thene sufferers
to make peace secure for them and
see to it that the strain never need
be borne again."
PARIS. Jan. 25. Following is Pres
ident .Wilson's address before the
Tcarp conference today:
Mr. Chairman: I consider it a dis
tinguished privileee to be permitted to
open the discussion in this confer
ence on the league of nations. We
have assembled for two purposes to
make the present settlements which
have boon rendered necessary by this
war. and also, to secure the " peace
of the world, not only by the present
settlements, but by the arrangements
we shall make at this conference for
its maintenance.
"The league of nations seems to me
to be necessary for both of these pur
poses. There are many complicated
(Continued from Pair Two) '
delegates to reperesnt the district
which may be soAected in the
same manner a a you elect mem
bers of your own grievance com
mittee. "These delegates with similar
delegates from other districts in
the state to report at the depart
ment of labor in Washington on
the tnorning of Friday. January
31. for the purpose of general con
ference with the department of
labor.
"Will you, therefore, wire me aa
.soon as possible that you will se
lect and furnish your delegate
with the proper credentials. Rail
road fares will be paid by the de
partment on presentation of re
ceipts and return transportation
furnished.
(Signed) W. K. WILSON.
Sec'y ot Labor.
Full Representation Present
There were 16 men present at last
night's meeting: eight representing
the various shafts and departments ot
the Corper Queen Mining company,
four, the C. & A Mining company men
and four from the C. & A. Smelter at
Continued on P81 Two)
A hole big enough to bury a halt
doien wagons was torn in the street.
Panic ensued and at an early hour
tonight the excited populace had not
been quieted. Telephone wires were
ton down and except for a single rail
road wire, the town was cut oft from
communication. The wagon was
driven by W. R. Enslish. an experi
enced man in the handling 'of ex
plosives. No trace of his body or his
wascon had been found early tonight.
Several years ago a tornado laid
the town to waste and on other occa
s'ons wind and fire have all but
wiped it tit.
-a
i TWO
THE BiSBEE DAILY
REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1919.
FORTUNES OF ! 51 39 the keynote bt tne whole, which
J expressed our purpose and ideals in;
THE WORLD IN ! tn war and which the associated na-
ij a xttm? rr rT?rm Tuitions have accepted as the basis of a
HANDS OF PEOPLE settlement.
i ' If we return to the United States
(Continued from Page One) j without bavin? made every effort in j
. . - should return to meet the merited
settlements, which perhaps cannot be ! scorn of our fellow citizens. For they
successfully worked out to an ultimate j are -a body - that constitute a great
issue by the decision we shall arrive , democracy. They expect their leaders
at here. I can easily conceive that. ! to speak; their representatives to, be
many of these settlements will need j their servants.
subsequent consideration; that manyj "We have no choice but to obey
of the decisions we make Fhall need! their mandates. But it is with the
subsequent alteration in some degree, greatest enthusiasm and pleasure that
for if 1 may judge by my own study "e accept that mandate.
of some of these questions they are! "And because this is the keynote of
not susceptible for confident judgment j ihe whole fabric, we have pledged
at present. ! our every purpose to it, as we have
"It is therefore necessary that we to every item of the fabric. We
should set up some machinery by ! would not dare abate a single item
which the work of this conference j of the program which constitutes our
should be rendered complete. instructions; we would not dare to
"We have assembled here for the ; compromise upon any matter as the
purpose of doing very much more than j champion of this thins this peace of
making the present settlements that the world, this attitude of justice, this
are necessary. We are Assembled principle that we are the masters of
under very peculiar conditions of!no pecpie?. Dut are here to see that
world opinion. I may say, without even people in the world shall choose
straining the point, that we are not j its own m&sters and govern its own
tne representatives of governments, destinies, not as we wish but as thev
but representatives of the peoples. wjsu
"It will not suffice to satisfy govern-: ' "
mental circles anywhere. It is neces-l v e are her,e see la short, that
sary that we should satisfy the opin-j LiJC iuuhu w r -re
ROAD CONVENT! 0 N i
ion of mankind.
swept away. These foundations were
"The burdens of this war have fall-jl!'e w a fciuau cuiene
en in an unusual degree upon the c,v1 r"ler.s and military staffs,
whole population of the countries in-i Trtose foundations were the aggression
volved. I do not need to draw for vou , of Sreat Powers upon the small,
the picture of how the burden ha5'Tnose foundations were the holding:
been thrown back from the front upon ' together of empires of unwilling sub
the older men, upon the women, uponUects b-v the duress of arms. Those
DRAWS
m RON i
COUNTY AND CITY
the children, upon the homes of the ' iouuuauons were me power oi sman
ciTfiized world, and how the real bodies of men to wield their will and
strain of the war has come where the use mankind as pawns in a game.
eye of the government could not ' An coming less than the emanei
reach. but where the heart of human- j Pation of the world from these things
ity beats. ' accomplish peace.
"We are bidden by these people to! "You can see that the representa
make a peace which will make them J tives of the United States are, there
secure. We are bidden by these pec-; fore, never Dut to the embarrassment
pie to see tp it that this strain does ! of choosing a way of expedieccv, be-
not come upon them again. And 1
venture to say that it has been pos
cause they have laid down before
them the unalterable lines of prin-
siDie tor mem to near mis strain De-jCjpies. And, thank God, these lines
cause they hoped that those who rep- tuve been accepted as the lines of
resented them could get together aft- settlements bv all the high minded
er this war and make such another men who have taJ to do wi.h the be
sacrifice unnecessary ginning of this great business.
11 IB A TtUltTUJlJ UUHKtfllUU UU UUI ;
i iiupe, .mt. Luairman, wnen it is
part, therefore, to make permanent
arrangements that justice shall be
rendered and peace maintained.
"This is the central object of our
meeting. Settlements may be tempo
rary but the action of the nations in
the interest of peace and justice must
be permanent. We can set np perma
nent processes. We may not be able
to tet up a permanent decision.
. "Therefore, it seems to me that we
must take so far as we can a picture
of the world into our minds. Is it
not a startling circumstance, for one
thing, that the great discoveries of
science, that the quiet studies of men
in laboratories, that the thoughtful de
velopments which have taken place in
quiet lecture rooms have now Oeei
turned to the destruction of civiliza
tion? The powers of destruction have
not so much multiplied as they have
gained facilities.
"The enemy, whom we have just
overcome, had at his seats of, learning
WV "V1" standing alone in this matter, or
titic study and discovery and he used Lur( JL, .
known, as 1 feel confident it will be
known, that we have adopted the prin
ciple of the league of nations and
mean to work out that principle in
effective action, we shall by that
single thing-have lifted a great part
of the load of anxiety from the hearts
of men everywhere.
"We stand in a peculiar cause. As
I go about the streets here 1 see
everywhere the American uniform.
These men came into the war after
we had uttered our purpose. They
came as crusaders, not merely to win
a cause. I am responsible to them,
for it falls .to ine to formulate the
purpose for which I asked them to
fipht and I, like thein, must be a
crusader for these things, whatever it
costs and whatever it may be neces
sary to do in honor to accomplish the
object for which they fousht.
"I have been glad to find from day
to day that there i no question of our
The annual convention of the Ari
zona Good Roads association which
will be held in Phoenix nest week
starting Monday, will attract a large
delegation from all parts of Ccchise
county, which seemingly stands be
hind the proposal to issue a large
amount in bonds in the immediate fu
ture in order to better the roads of the
state and to provide work for soldiers
sailors or other men who are unable
to obtain employment in Arizona.
The convention will be attended by
some of the best road builders not
alone of the state but of the nation,
who will explain in detail how the
moneys obtained may be expended to
the best public advantage.
Among the important measures to
be taken up will be the proposal to
secure federal aid, under a pending
bill now in congress. There is a po
litical end in Arizona to, this feature,
however, as the government will de
mand that all federal aid shall be
handled through a non-partisan coin
mission, whose members may be re-
l moved only for cause and who will not
be subject to the whims of political
leaders. This probably will be urged
upon the legislature now in session
as a necessary measure. The first
year's federal aid would consist in
$900,000 while the following year
would witness the expenditure of one
and a half millions on Arizona high
ways. At this gathering the city of Bisbee
will be represented by Aldermen
Rosok and Jovanovich. City Engineer
Halleck and J. C. Ryan, county high
way engineer. The Warren District
Commercial club will be represented
by C. W. Allen, John J. Bowen and
M. J. Cunningham. Cochise county
will have as it9 representation I. C. E.
Adams, C. M. Roberts and J. M.
Sparks together with County Engineer
Smith. Tombstone will send a delega
tion, as will Douglas so that there
should be at least 20 men to represent
the richest county in the state at. the
gathering.
them in order to make - destruction
sudden and complete. And only the
watchful and continuous co-operation
of men can see to it that science, as
well as armed men. is kept within the
harness of civilization.
"In a sense the United States is less
interested in this subject than the
other nations here assembled. With
her reat territory and her extensive
sea borders, it is less likely that the
United States should suffer. And the
ardor of the United States for it is a
very deep and genuine ardor for the
society of nations is not an ardor
springing out of fear or apprehension,
but an ardor springing out of the
ideals which have come in the consci
ousness of this war.
"In coming into this war the United
States never for a moment thought
that she was intervening in the poli
tics of Europe, or the politics of Asia,
or the politics of any part of the
world. The thought was that all the
world, hid now become conscious that
there was a single cause of justice i
and of liberty for men of every kind
and place.
"Therefore. the United States
hhould feel that its part in this war
should be played in vain if there en
sued upon it abortive European settle
ments. It would feel that it could not
take part in guaranteeing these Euro
pean unless that guarantee involved
the continuous superintendence of the
peace of the world by the associated
rations of the world.
"Therefore it stems to me that we
must concern, our best judgment in
order to make this league of nations
a vital thing a thins some times call
ed into life to meet an exigency but
always functioning in watchful attend
ance upon the interests of the nations,
and that its continuity bhould be avail
able continuity; that its functions are
continuing functions, that do not per
mit an intermission of it:s watchful
ness and oT its labor; that it should
be the eye of nations, to keep watch
upon the common interests an eye
that did not slumber, an eye that was
everywhere watchful andattentive.
"And if we do not make it vital,
what shall we do? We shall disappoint
ihe expectations of the peoples. This
is what their thought renters upon.
, "I had the very delightful experi-em--
of vi.;iting several nations since
I came t- this side of the water, and
every time the voice of the body of the
people reached me. through any repre
sentative at the fmnt of the plea stood
there are champions cf this cause
upon every hand. I am merely avow
ing this in erder that you may under
stand why, perhaps, it fell to us, who
are disengaged from the politics of
this great continent and of the orient,
to suggest that this was the keystone
of the arch, and why it occurred to
the generous mind of your president
to call upon me to open ihis debate.
It Is not because we alone represent
this idea, but because it is our priv
ilege to associate ourselves with you
in representing it.
"I have only tried in what I have
said to give you the fountains of the
enthusiasm which is within us for this
thing, for those fountains spring, it
seems to me, from all the ancient
wrongs and sympathies of mankind,
and the very pulse of the world seems
to teat at the fullest in this enter
prise." At the conclusion of the reading
of a translation of President Wilson's
speech. Premier Lloyd-George said:
VI should not have intervened at all.
but it was necessary for me to state
how emphatically the people of the
British empire are behind this pro
posal, and if the leaders of the Brit
ish empire have not been able to de
vote as much time during the last five
years as t'.iey would have liked to this
question the reason is that they were
entirely occupied with. other questions
that were more urgent for the mo
ment. "Had I the slightest doubt as to the
wisdom of this league of nations it
would have vanished before the spec
tacle as I sa- it last Sunday when I
visittJ a region, whi'h but a few
years ago. was one of the fairest in
this very fair land.
"We drove for hours through what
was a wilderness of desolation. It
did not look like a country where
there were habitations of men. but
it was torn and shattered and rent be
yond all recoer.ition. We visited one
city whkh h?d let-n very beautiful.
bu where we saw scenes which no
indemnity can ever make good.
"One of the crudest features was
th knowledge that Frenchman wlio
iove their land almost more than any
other p--onle had haJ to assist the
enemy in demolishing their homes. 1
said to myself that it is surely time
we set np some otlier method to set-!
.i.. i. ,t . . . i '
ut q.iarrcis iuuii mis urgunizeu .
slaughter. !
"I do not know if we shall sucieed j
BISBEE MINERS
SELECT DELEGATES
(Continued rrora Page One
Douglas. Through a misunderstand
ing the Copper Queen smelter at
Douglas did not send delegates. The
two smelters at Douglas will name a
delegate this morning to represent the
smelter city at the conference in
Washington.
Personnel cf Men Present
The men present at last night's
meeting were Harry Hellon. Lowell;
Ike Stafford. Holbrock: Roger Ken
nedy, Gardner; W. F. Smith, Sacra
mento hill; S:im Verran. Czar; Jim
Hileman, Southwest; George Perry,
mechanical department; Pat Smith.
Sacramento shaft. The C. & A. men
from Bisbee were Grant Morris. Junc
tion; James Fraser. Cole; Joe Small.
Oliver, and Jas. Walker, mechanical
department. The C. & A. smelter men
Ironi Douglas were A. X. Smith, J. K.
Askins, W. W. Reynolds and II. R.
Nash.
To Report All Facts to Washington
The local delegates to the Washing
ton conference were instructed by the
two grievance committees meeting in
joint session to present full anc! com
plete facts before the secretary of
labor relative to living costs and con
dit'ons in the district, while they were
also told to urge that no reduction be
permitted in wage scale until living
costs decrease.
Minimum Price Copper to Be Urged
The cost of staple groceries, rents,
gas. lig'its and water and all neces
sities in the district wiil be brought
to the attention of the secretary of
labor.
An effort will be made to urge some
method of establishing a price for cop
per at a figure which will permit the
companies to mine ore at capacity
and make a profit, thus insuring that
no reduction in wages will be neces
WILSON ANSWERS '
WOMAN SUFFRAGE
LABOR DELEGATES
(Continued from rage One)
l ilf hoiif f f the lrp-ii" nf n-if intw
"GetuVnien. the hrt class.? of!'" ':r '"P"-. bl,t u already si j
mankind are no longer the governors i tss IJHt ,Klve undertaken it"!
of n.ak;nd. The fortunes of mankind i Tht" ,t-ii,'ln premier. mono Or-;
now art- in the hands of the plain peo-' !'HI,io- flowed Mr. Lloyd-George, ii-jj
pie of the hole world. Satisi v t n-m. i j ' l.ire t that n-j j.eupie wto r.:idi;r;
and you have justified their t onti- i u a''t tY.n itaew if nations in iii ;
lenie n.f only, but haw csta!'!i.-.hed ' ",ire,-v ihe Italians,
peace. Kail to satisfy them, and no; Iern Bour.is, t ie eiiTan i"n-.u!i
arrang.nitnls that you can make ill ' t',J.",P 't"r of tio l-f-,i" of r.:ti
ith r si t ui r steady the pt a e of : siMke i.r.M. pl-iiing the IK iKh to h
ti) worbi.
"Vou ii:i.ii;:f. I ia r' s.iy. lio
sent i;n nts ami tin- purpo.-- with
which the reprcs'-ntatitfft r.f the I'm-'
teJ SlitU-v f.l p-.ii tht-s a' i.Tj:(t
for a league ot nations. We regard ' plan.
. .-r';i:, i-,. t ci" help to j-ut us
mi t i- r. ;.. vjics. i,..;. !.,c.i :li'J
;nt i.y ,'i i siilei! t Wi'.-oii."
Til.' rh;..'-o l'o!i.-li del--:jat;"
!;"--! ?h,.f -rtvrt-.'l t'u
tenting- a great many nations, large
and small, old and nnv. mirl ih.. moth.
od of organizing its work successfully,
win, 1 am aaaid. have to be worked
out stage by stage. Therefore 1 have
no confident prediction to make as to
the way in which it can take up ques
tions of this sort."
The president in his address to the
women paid an extended tribute to the
elforts of all women in winning the
war. repeating that inasmuch as it had
been a people's war he stood for a peo
ple's peace. Hj added that the ef
forts and sacri'icrs of the worr.en of
Frame particuiaily had won the ad
miration of the world.
"The people won this war. not the
governments." President Wilson con
tinued, "and the people must reap the
benefits of this war. At every turn
we must see to it that it is not an
adjustment between governments but
an arrangement for the peare and se
curity of in n and women everywhere.
Little obscure stnfcrinK daily, un
Known privations and unspoken suitVr
inss of the heart are the tragical
things or this War. They Kvr.
Ixirnt.' at the hem;'. ;;n ! il.e i ti.u-r u
the hi'ine is women.
"I welt ume this oii rtanity to V;-'"
you this messier!-, not tr's:i n y-.c If
merely, 'mf from the great !' -;e
v h-Mii I represi nt."
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
if
I
5 TTJTTYX T A m?T
m i m t-w i n n
Curtain Nets
50 and 65c Values
300 yards of curtain scrims,
in cream ecru and white, in
stripes and checks. Lace and
striped edges. Also plain
edges. 36 to 40 inches; final
clearance price, yard 38c
AT THE FAIR STORE
COMMENCING TOMORROW
j -
Ajyij
MONDAY WILL THE STARTING OF THE THIRD AND FINAL
WEEK OF OUR ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE, and wi this sale or ly
SZe ";et ann"fn-v- il hooves every woman to fill her needs while
she may-and too-at a great saving. And during this and the !at week
of the clearance you will find, prices much lower and on things vou need and
want every day. Come in early. Visit each department and see the S
spec ate we have arranged Tor this event. In everv department throu "h
out the store, stocks have been gone through and good clean? up-to-date
"f"b?;d'rt sorted ,nd marked far below the regular price and more
fn,1t I , el"f a.dved t0- the sale every da-ad the following over care
In 7h. "r0 sav,ucs you can make, at "The Fair" tomorrow, and
a!I tniS week.
Curtain Nets
75c Values :
49c
500 yards of curtain nets,
in plain figures. lac and
striped edges, 36 to 45 inches
wide in cream, ecru and
white; final clearance, yd. 49c
serial Piirol
in" u r i ij
291
8L
-3
mm
mm wwi
Ladies Coat
TO SELL AT
50
Ifi
8--
Final Clearance Sale of
Silk & Serge Dresses
WORTH DOUBLE THIS PRICE
These coats have just come from New York a big
jectal purchase, made by our garment buyer, wio w at
he present time iu the eastern Fashion Centers. It will
oe enc of the bigest coat sales it has ever been our good
fortune to launch. Coats worth double the price we are
asking in this sale. The materials include Velours and
Broadcloths, with beautiful fur collars and full silk lined,
the very latest styles, belted, with high walsted effects.
Colors plum, brown, taupe, tan. black, navy and Belgium
blue, all sizes ,
at
175
JL
Dresses that scld at much higher prices. All beauti
ful designs, and in just the material beinjf worn now,
and popular for early sprir.g. Materials include serge,
satin, georgette and orepe de chine, in all the newest
colors. All sizes; final clearance at $14.75
Silk Lisle Hose, 49c pair
Women's Silk Lisle Hose, with double heel, toe and
sole seconds, but not damaged enough to hurt the wear.
Colors, black, "gray, white and brown. witj wide garter
tops. All siics, S to 10. special, pair 49c
34in. Zephyr Ginghams, 37c yd.
1000 yards of fine Zephyr Gingham, 34 inches, wide, in
checks, stripes, plaids and solid colors, regular 50c qual
ity; fast colors; final clearance sale price, yard l...37c
Dainty Blouses
Reduced to $4.50
VALUES FRO.M 56.00 TO $7.50
Biouies cf Crepe de Chine. Georg
ette and fancy striped Tub Silks.
Tlain tailored styles, with high r.eck.
some of iK?w ccl!ar!ess models, with
a touch of dainty, hand embroidery
and beaded. Others in a more dressy
style, with large pretty collars, in
round and square neck; colors that
are the" newest and most popular for
early spring wear, including w'lite,
flesh, maize, tose. navy and tan.
All sizes, 34 to 46, special $4.50
REDUCED f-l-4- 0J
PRICES ON vtUtlUIl UUUUS
Good quality, white outiiig. yard 23c
A-F-C Heavy knit cuting. yard 32c
Zephyrs Ginghams, 24 in., yard 3c
Dweashire cloth, yard :. " arjc
Hydegrade Galatea cloth, yard 40c
I est grade Irish Foplin. yard 50c
Good grade Bleached Muslin, yard 18c
Fruit of Loom Muslin, yard 35C
Berkley Cambric, yard 40c
REMNANTS
Price
Remnants of wcol goods, domestic
bilk, curtain nets, gingharua and
many other desirable materials, in ail
lengths, all for 2 PRICE.
is
flj mm am
I JI WJJ UtAll..- CJ. I.;! II,.
MEN!-This is Your
Opportunity.-Suits
Worth $22.50 to $30.00
hi
90 -JAN -9.
Final Clearance Cliildrens
Gingham Dresses
Child! en's pretty gingham dresses, in many new
i :iny styles, in orient plaids, fancy checks and i lain
:i)!m-y ginghams. All sues, 2 to 14 years. Maiked
below the regular pri-e:
We have just 35 of these $22 50. $25.00 and $20.00
suits remaining in stock. All new. The season's
5-tyles. It is not our policy to carry suits over
one season, so these have been priced $1(5.93 for a
quick disposal.
-The confidence and assurance with which you
may follow The Fair announcements, gives greater
significance to the offer cf ?22.50 to $30.00 Suits
for $16.95. You know you can depend on hat
we say. The reductions are exactly as stated.
Men's Clothing Department Second Floor.
FINAL CLEARANCE
Men's Hats and Caps
S V
far
$!
$!."
51.7
t
Ire:
;. l:tv
1-Cf
.es, now
ses. now ...
rs. new .
now . .
u's, now
s. now
:l . "o .
... 75c
...$1.15
...$1.32
..$1.50
.$1.88
. $2.25
. $2.63
lrokeu sues men's Caps ;.
Broken sizes, men's Hat's
ldds and ends, but good values
50c
$1.95
BOYS' CORDUROY PANTS. REDUCED AS
FOLLOWS
- d $2.25 Boys' Bants, special $1.75
$2..di and $2.75 Boys' Bants, special $2.19
Sixes, 6 to IS vears.
mwE
Sos for Me
Women r,nd Chil
dren. 3cc win
dow ci:sc!.T.
99
Glassware and no
tion for less. Seo
display The Fair
tnex Windows. i 4
THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1919.
THREE
j
I
!
)
4
I
been Liverpool, but instead of con-
nmniTnio citiiuin
y I) H It I U 0 0 I 1 1 fV I it U ' tinuin tbat course, the ships headed j looked like they were trying to get up
lur jiiiK, i?L-uiiaiiu, nt-t-piiis iiusf 10 ukb uifii Mil u.
DESCRIBED, BISBEE
BOY SAW DISASTER
How does It feci to stand upon the
deck of a transport filled with hun
dreds of soldiers, and, with your own
hip badly damaged and in danger of
follow the wonndpd tmnsnnrt siml it i w.int to ctm Wo nurn in the rnnntrv I
four months from the time we landet
until we came home and during th
"The waves were rolling high, as ; time the sun came out but two times
; LSSBOH GARRISON
"We came home on the Pocahontas;, !
near the shore a3 possible.
"To make things worse a storm ! hish as the Mule mountains, it seemed i
i came up and most of us were Mow to me. Our own bow was a wreck ' which formerly was the iiner Princess j
in our berths, almost too seasick to j and it looked very much as though ; Irene of the German merchant marine, i
care what happened. The word came j we too migh sink. If it had not been ; We spent both Christmas and N-v j
idown to us that the Kasmir had al- for the water tight compartments, we : Year's on the Atlantic."
most been rammed three or four times doubtless should not be back in Eisbee j '
during the night by the Otranto, which now. j trtr PITIFS NOW REPORT I (Hy Ri.-w wirf)
had run up so close that there was i "Our boat sort of limped alone with! nv ivta Wlvt LIP.SON. Jan. 2.Y (My the Associat-
daneer of fouline us. and then, when the rest of the convov while th i-wn:! 91 1 ftflfi TORI .F.SS ! ed Press.) An official statement
I . 1 T .. 1 ' .. LIawII 1. . 1 . , . 1 M m lit 1 - . 1 ' ' I O
i me rvjisuuiir iug uuiu uiunu, uuui a iiasLiiy ioriut"u uuiKiieau in me j
inking, have to Ptand by and watch j naa sheerea away, it tooEeu iunny to smashed bow to keep out the water. "(Continued from vs One)
on.v,,,. . . , . .L . i all of ns and we couldn't imaeine what We made nnrl all rieht. hut I'll tpll
M'mt t MAUnpUfl U Uil L 11 r 1 -V no . I - - -- ' Uti-o'tinj tl cm
Thu ,..i . .., . v. could be the matter, unless there was .von its hard to stand bv and spp a shin I awau.ng mem
u IjuirciiUU . li 3 dunnci cu UJ luc - i - r
some airiy wont a toot.
DRAMATIC SCENES
IN CHARLES RAY'S
FINE PHOTOPLAY
was answe
tory of the sinking of the transport
Otranto of October 6. 191S. told by J.
V. Campbell, who recently returned
"I didn't see the actual collision be
tween the two ships. As I said I was
from France where he had served four lying down in my berth when there
month with the headquarters com- came an impact that bounded like a
lany of the 12Cth Field Artillery, and : heavy, muftled explosion. The first
W. A. Campbell, who served in a bat-. thing that occurred to us was that the
tery in the sama regiment. ; sub had made good and we had been
"We sailed from Hoboken, N. J., on torpedoed. I never saw a greater : Then 1 learned that Cus Borrego, who
the transDort Kashmir, one of a. con- scramble to eet anvwhere than there ! a member of that battery, had
voy of 15 transports, guarded by a big' was then. Men who a few minutes be- written his folks here from France. j
i loaded with Americans going down
that way and not be able to do any
thing for them. We never knew ex
actly who was aboard. In some way it
became noised about that the 109th
Trench Mortar battery was on the Ot
ranto, and I always hive believed that
; to be the case, until I came back here.
The army is already j
takins steps to meet this situation.
! "Even more important is the stima-
! la! ion of industry. The federal gi v-
eminent i3 not only tailing to take 1
effective steps to stimulate: it is ar-:
. tivcly, and to a dangerous c'.gree, nr-,
tarding industrial development. The
; government, which but yesterday was
; running everything, today, is nearly ;
; refusing to hae anything to do with.
anytning.
SiIMf IvT"01aAn ' Vibrant with patriotism and love of
R;?!$IJ f'?" M -l aieo'intrv. -Thp laws .:' t!ie !IuiM the
hurt uLOlLuLli nz
screen anlt. i. in many respects one
jet i:ie lines: ; tures or tr.e Kay rener
j toire to date. The picture will the
I attrai (ion rt the l.yrie theatf-r tJ:l..v.
Is" I In r'.,;.- nw lnr Mi. r..- o-,r. ... . . ..
sued tonight says the insurgent tried the sou of d weallh nimtacturer of
m vara to induce the people ol iana. L.lunit,an3 w h , b, prevenU-u
front er.'.i-iiiu
The . insurgents of Lisbon have
, been dilodged xroin Mous.inio Hill,"
!iha atatCKim ccntluues. "and are be-
in?t pursued by republ:ccn trocps.
iO;h(r republican trci.ps ccnce::f rated
in Kiiv:r;l VII park and iii ether
. .)oi:us j.:e co-ope:-at:::g h the pursuit
ci the iugitives. The 105T o'" tlie oun
try i? oa'n.
"Ccneral rpiifii. ioin.nandi:ig the
. Lisbon jcai ri;ou. hs resigned because i
i he v ;s a .ubi to i..ake certain units I w R- BILL KAISER
n tho armv it-cause i.f
i the r'oas of Lis mother who is ill
! end w ho, he believes, will die it hor
1 rcr. "ever there." rl:.s reasons
1 tor net enlisting are misunderstood by
; hi frieivs who", scotntully terra h;m
; r slacker. Kven his sweetheart, v. uo
! is r- patriotic youn.i wrn.in, ;': b:v.id
i h'm for his apparcui towa;-dice and
i .--VC3 I'.in up.
GREAT CLEARANCE
Sale Dresses,
Waists and Underwear
EVERY GARMENT IN THE
STORE WILL BE SOLD
AT LESS THAN COST
Including the new
will go in this saK'
spring stv'.es
to
WE MUST
pay on ev.r
RAISE S3.C0O
lo?s by bvirgla'y.
WE WILL ACCEPT LIBERTY
GCNSAND W. S. S.
SAME AS CASH
leave
General Corte-'
WANTS
cruiser" said J. V. Campbell. "Our
"voyage was quiet until we entered the
Irish sea, then a German U-boat ap-:
fore had been so seasick they had! "You see the way they loaded tho 1 EOLSKEV1UI BON". BARD nEVAL.
been praying for death, ran up the ships in Hcboken. they were fcpt far i
companionways as rapidly as possible, from each other and maintain?d rrac-
Dearpd ant? herran fn mirdip na nnr.ar- T r.t on ?ti timp to rpp tlip llrran. ttallv tti c m o rtictntir- fr.-Tn ei rVi !
(Py Hevii w I.cst.i V.lrc)
LONDON. Friday. Jin. 21. (Biitl
cntlv determined to hare- cn until sh to scrane down off onr bow and eo off other al! the wav over. Yon didn't ! Wi.-elpss Sprtiw R.-!shrvit .it-
got one of the convoy, or more. In to the left of us with a tn"eat big hole ' know who was on the other ships. i tempts to bombard Uevai. capi'.al c:
epite of tacking about and otherwise in her side. She ran toward the rocks ' ""My impression of France was not Esthonia. from the tea have resulted
try Id if to ehake off pursuit. 6he etuck along the shore. The fcg was so bad . exactly a pleasant one. We didn't seel n crrnr!-'-e ini'ure. a ...ti Jir.j; to rc-
v by for two days and two nights, that we couldn't see a great deal of i any action at the front but we did see' ports received here. Everv vessel oi"
their barracks.
: rai. c.i!i- i.'dirg ihe ontieuhed camp! O'v i:.-vi.'v ;
Sard Lieutenant Colonel Cuna. ihiet c j LONDON. Jan. 2'
1 staff, iiiue also resisted. They hu el patch to the Daily
.been replaied bj Geaciiil b:lve:ro ai.e ! c
Ojt original destination was to have! what went cn, but we saw the cruiser and
experience all the mud 1 ever , the fleet is said tc
TT. "pall
- .
of WomenJs Winter Aooarel I
P:1
Captain Dcria.
"A sharp cannonade was resuroJ at
daw n betv ern Cantpo LiWe and y ju
Siinto H.I!. Th? jr.cra.o ct" tue iiitar
iitnts is low. owing to their reverses
and want of food. Shells from Mon-
; santo hil! struck a considerable num
i ber ci" houses inhabited iiy peaceable
j persons."
I .
rei
lR sale, rj
fvNUARY Irl
NOTWITHSTANDING THE GREAT AMOVm OF ATTENTION GIVEN TO OUR WHITE WEAR
VYL UJ 1 I UUK LU01UiViC.ro 1 KJ Ol vaii i I . U V ATH 1 AvI12 Ur UUK JliUAXvl L
CLEARANCE OF READY TO WEAR. THERE IS STILL ONE MORE WEEK AND BARGAINS ARE &
PLENTIFUL AND THE ASSORTMENT IS GOOD. EVEN IF YOUR PRESENT NEEDS ARE SUPPLIED IT J
WILL PAY YOU TO PURCHASE NOW APPAREL WITH WHICH TO START NEXT WINTER. SUITS, M
COATS AND DRESSES ARE INCLUDED IN THIS FINAL CLEARANCE AND UNEQUALLED VALUES ARE
'Ml
Ik, 41
XA Off
Cloth G
i
This includes all the remaining Winter Cloth Coats, made in wcol, velour, Bo
livia, sylvette and broadcloth. - Some trimmed in fur.
$35.00 to $75.00 values
- 4
-y4 OFF
Off on Plush- Coats
Genuine Salt Plush Coats, trimmed with furs, and large collars,
bargains still remain.
Seme good
$30.00 to $65.00 values-
-Vz
OFF
1
H
Y2 Off on Women's
UKS
These exceptionally fine values, in Velvets and Velours, Broadcloths, Buerrella;
some trimmed m fur and plush collars.
$25.00 to $75.00 values
-V2 OFF.
Fine Waist Values
y4-0FF-y4
Our finest waists as well as those
which sold at lower prices, have all
been reduced, with the one idea in
mind of "Clearing decks" for in
coming spring merchandise. A
good assortment of styles and sizes
still remains, but don't postpone
coming.
TIT!? Y 9
w omen s Dresses
y3-0FFy3
There is still remaining a charming variety of styles in
women's winter dresses to choose from. Wool Jerseys,
Serge and Satin combinations
$25.00 to $45.00 y3 OFF
P
u
7 -
h. "!
Buy Furs Row for Next Winter
Many wise women afe buying fur sets or separate pieces during our sale,
with the intention of wearing them a month or two this winter and then
packing them away for next winter.
That is Real Economy
The sameurs that we are now selling at prices
within almost any woman's rteach will prob
ably sell next winter at very much higher
prices. We have the wanted models and near
ly every fashionable skin included.
1:
1
-V-"
fc.:
O GO STACK
. i;.-fi Will "
A !er'?n di-?-ia-I
undor i-'rlav's
t? says:
'A sensational special edition seli
r.g rapidly cn the streets hre main
tains tbst the ex-k:i:ser ::d his f.-.;i-i
i y intend to return to Germany as
soon as the nation' astnfc'y lias
given tn country a lcj.al vjTtsti;uti.u.
REVIEV WANT ADS
RRJNC. RESULTS
TfPRU IT MAN'S
ASHION SHOP : : :
O-p. Americati Express C?.
Phor.o 7i Mai.n
St.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
! gar::
i
I
'.ALDi S GRANDSON
NOW IN
PARIS
! PARIS. Jan. 5. (i?y the Associated
j Pre?s.) G.-i.r.ai ciusepj.e (Pep;inoj
Gaiibaiai, prar.dson of tr.e i;:u:a.i pa-1 .:
.iit, lasted lisronvih Paris today on
his wav to Ita'v aiter having siven
.ha Fre:
i vi'ntaee
f:c::T. He
the decrtr
is takme ad-,
vhira allows '
?!1 volariirer-s
rcur.i t
Tjc'. kcs; i'.rpcrtaji
my mini irt prefect 13
sia," (ioiHMTi Garibal,!!
i-.-il !"f,
that ct Kuo
scil to the
I!
i.5
to'? A
e H n
CSS
ess
"The peace ton-
ns ira error in try-
CL lsae- i
Ass )ci?.tod Press
icror.ee c.:n:ni
ins t .Ti ;or.ch wi;h ta
villi pcjpi"-. Th-;-r? i? on": one way
to sare ivcsix trora i;se!f and the
world frera the spread of revolution-'
rry sentiment that is by & military'
espciition into Russia." j
Asked ahcui Italy's claims in Tyrol!
end Daltnstia, General Garibaldi an-
swere l: "Whai Italy must have at j
any rest is a irontior v.v.ich v. ill make I
. er a:c lros any evenvual e:.emy. If j
ino peace congress coes noi ueiias
that t iuxe' is to be aanexed to Italy
it will be a violation of all tre pnn-
.ip es w e hold sacred.
"It is my behet u.ere soon will he !
grave labor troubles in ali the Euro-1
pean states, and America must act as !
a stabilizer of European srovernments. j
On this account. I want to co to
America ia March, and I hope to pre-j;
this continent. If any serious up i
iat.le to recruit among; Italians in the t
United States a sutiic-ient force to
cautrol the situation for tha nurnose
cf benefitins no T-a'tv but to help my a
country as a whole." ii
Llujl
ts i
K
Squads Right Squads Left, is now the
daily routine of the boys now attending
the Warren district High schools
tary training in the schools is now a
featura and is to play as big a part in
the daily life cf the schoolboy as read
ing, 'riting 'n 'rithmetic.
Hisfh
Cadets
ool
We are ready to fill your requirements in the way of
UNIFORMS, HATS, SKIRTS, SHOES AND
PUTTEES
rk tJ rz
V9S
TO MANAGE NATIONALS.
(Iiy Review leased Wire)
C1NCIXXATI. Ohio. Jan. 25. Presi
dent Herrmann of the Cincinnati Na
tionals tonight said he had Hct had
any communication with Jack Hend
ricks, manager of the St. Louis Na
tionals, concerning the inauasershin
of the local tt-am. Herrmann has I
cabled Christy Ma the v.-sou tor an im
mediate answer as to his attitude.
0 IL-J,
"MEN'S OUTFITTERS"
Main Street
j i Opposite Postoff ice
I
1TEXAS, FiONEER
PASSES EEY0ND
' L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine. Weber & Co.. Boston. Duluth. Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
(Hv Review Lcas?il Vlrrt
DALLAS, Texas. Jan. 25 Cel. Chris
topher C. Slaughter, pioneer cattle- j
man, Indian fighter, banker and phil-1
anthropist, d.ed here today. He was :
the first white child born in Texas ait- i
er it became a republic. - i
TREAS. LOWER CALIF. DIES.
A. J. CRAIG, Independent Gasfitter.
ALL KINDS GAS WORK MY SPECIALTY. Gas Water Heaters and
Ranges installed and repaired. Gas piping work guaranteed. Prices
reasonable. Phone 263, care H. E. Woctton, Res. Phone, Black 702.
(Ry Review Leased Wire)
CALEX1CO, Cal., Jan. 25. Toinas
Deleudez, aged i'.J. treasurer cf the
northern district of Lower Calilornia.
died last nUht. Keiender. was a close
i.clsot.al Iriead of Goerui.r Es;ooaa
j Cant a of Lower Caiiiornia and wls
jcoiisidtrel his ihiot aiae in the uioun
j tain district. Mexioali. v ne.-a
! lived, was draped in mourning today.
STILL FIGHTING IN BERLIN.
l"y Review I.easeJ Vv'iic)
LONDON. Jan. 25 There were nu-1
merous casualties in heavy fighting ;
j between Si as !ac.nis and government '
j torccs in liev'.iu Thursday nigi-.t. fays!
I an Amsterdam dispatch to the Ex
lighting was nostly ia the vicinity of!
the newspaper oiiiccs ai.d at the An-J
halt station. r
TRADE FIGHT VS. HUNS.
PARIS. Jan. 23. France is faced
with a commercial struggle with Ger
many. Edward N. Hurley, chairman of
the United States shipping board, de-:
dared at a Franco-American dinner
tonight, and must prepare to meet
German competition which will be I
organized with the energies formerly
devoted to making war. i
TO0J.ATE TOLASSIFY
WANTED Private lessons in Span
ish. Time arranged for nig.ht and :
day shift. 1. C, Review. 190
FOR SALK Seven passencer, six
cylinder car. I.iko new. Cheap for
cash. Room 14. Alien block. 1SS
Tr.VNTKI Party with
to handle agency. I?j
Review. 1
pm -ill money
inonev. Itox ,
1S: i
- twin
Ae. 1 r.i) Py younc; man. room with j
sleeping porch with private family.
preier ciose in. Acinress v . r . ti.. i i
Review. 1ST ' V,
Bisbee
Fue
I
an
d
F7
m
r
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
COA
17
O1
r
isbee Fuel and
eed
Company
Phone
121
cc L low Copper Queen Hotel
J
S
M FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1919.
Published Every Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated Publishing
Company
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use'fdr re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to this paper,
and also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-publication of special
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter
March
SUBSCRIPTION RATES,
Per month
Three moains
Sstx months
l'weice iiiouihs
tounaay lour weekly) per year
ouy tour ee.y j per quarter
No Subscrijiiion Taken
A Self Adjusting Matter
There is a great fear In many minds that the slowing down of busi
ness will give rise to great "labor disturbances. Any attempt to re
duce the present wages, tney say, can only bring on tremendous strikes.
But in many industries this reduction of wages, if it is necessary, is
automauc. '1 nat is. the' wages axe based upon the selling price of the
pro-Ucts and go up and down with the markets.
Tnis is true in the larger part of copper mining and in many sec
tions of the iron and steel industry and elsewhere. These sliding scaie
arrangements wUl act as veritable shock observers. Under their opera
tion. te workers have enjoyed very high wages, in the past two or thsee
years.
Plenty of Farm Jobs Open
The great surplus of labor which Frank Morrison and other labor
lea-ers are promising does 'not, apparently, run to the farms and ranches.
Tey are exempt. Investigations made by the department of agriculture
inii.aie that the shortage of farm labor this year may be as acute as
it was asi year. At the ciose of the season the council of farmers' orga
nizations, meeting in Wasnington. estimated this shortage at three million
men. 1 cere never have been, in recent years, three million, able-bodied
men out of work in the United States. If the returning army supplies
one-half of this estimated deficiency, there will be a million and a half
job? for the workless.
Don't Judge the Majority of Soldiers Wrong
A copy of a letter written y the director of one federal employment
labor bureau secretary in Arizona to another secretary not over a thou
sand miles out of Bisbee, says to this effect: "The returning soldiers
have spent for civilian clothing their army savings and cashed their
Liberty bonds, and now have little, if any, left for food and lodging. Then,
finding no employment, their utterances are of such a nature as would
have landed them in the federal courts three months ago, if they had been
on a civilian status."
We cannot bring ourselves to believe that this is the true status of
affairs, as concerns the majority of American soldiers, who haTe gone
forth so bravely to do their bit in the great struggle which has just
closed. We cannot believe that the spirit of patriotism which has in
spired them to undergo fatigue, hardships and brave death, on the battle
fields of a foreign country, has so completely left them in this short space
of time, and reduced them to the point of blackguarding the American
government and venting treasonable utterances.
It is not compatible with the spirit of the American soldier's loyalty.
The small rebellious element which the letter refers to does not represent
the great majority of American soldiers. Only too well did the Ameri
can soldiers knew that their hardest battle would have to be fought, not
on the fields of France, but right at their own homes when they returned.
They well know that the excitement and patriotism of the commercial
world cools rapidly, and that it would be a battle all over again for them.
Cheerfully they have made tie sacrifice and now stand ready, this great
balance of soldiers, to fight their way once more up again on the business
ladder, charging eff their time spent in the service, not as being lost,
but as a part of their sacrifice to the gTeat cause.
As one discharged officer says: "Let me assure you sir, that Amer
ica's soldiers have small love for this talk of disloyalty among the
minority ex-soldiers element allied with the I. W. W. and kindled organi
sations. I have tasea the small salary that the government. paid me for
da'ly risking my life, in the branch cf service which Ifwas a member.
I could fight off the discomforts which were legion, put most of th pay
chec inio Liberty bonds, selling the same at below pax in order to return
ome. aad pay the government ranroad tax. eat my slum" and c.ied,
red horse, lay in a hospital for months because of defections in the build
ing of government airships, and never raise a "holler. It was all a part
of tire gme. I could ei?en stand for these trouble makers here at home
iiig, and impeding the war productions, and then profiteering through
the high wages which they are able to exact in the nation's necessity
and shortage cf labor. All this I could stand, but, by George, I do object
to having the meetings and movements permitted which have their ulti
mate aim in the destruction and ruination of the country that has been
fought for and saved on foreign shores."
The returning soldiers will demand that these bolshevik doctrines be
renounced, that this body politic be kept intact from the social disorders
of anarchy and riots that threaten it. owing to the promulgation of anar
chistical doctrines. And particularly does the American soldier, the real
American soldier, object to being classed undiscriminately with the rene
gades wno have thrown in their lot with these "wobblies" of. the bol
shevik type.
The U. S. Roll
The Hun chickens are coming home to roost and niost of them, like
vultures, "Birds of a feather flock together." Thank heaven no Arizona
names were included in that list of radicals and pacifists published in
yesterday's Review. Just listen for the wails of protest that will come
from Debs. David Starr Jordan. Jane Addams, and other Hun lovers. All
of them will strike the same note, telling us how much they love the
United States and how they are innocent. How they have been made the
victim of persecution and all of the time-worn alibies, that always go with
disloyalty when shown up. It is well that the public should know at this
time Just who were the Huns harbors of safety, and the first aid lines in
the United States during war time.
Their names should forever after be known as the United States Roll
cf Shame.
Hot
SorrxJ Music ,
The music critic of a local Arizona publication helps brighten our
somber life with the following gem, "Miss Lewis was more than ever a
human song bird last evening. Her selections were various, but all
brought forth that clear, liquid-like head tones, that rose forth after vi
brating through the producer to a sweet nothingness high above her
head-" . ,'.
A Job
Ldebknecht tried running a newspaper and the German government
at the same time. Must have thought he was a regular McAdoo. What?
We know, we do.
Who You Hitting?
The kaiser is said to have aged ten years since he fled to Holland
two months ago. It is much too fast. Somebody ought lo put an end to
it by havinsr fcim wait fcr service at Hank "P's" emporium of eats.
Yet
It scenr? as thoiibli flit" younger 'Ioherollern' never can catch up
with fie crown prime. One cf thni has gone to work. Lui tnc crown
prince is out on strike already.
i Oh. Boy!
No paper tomcrrow. th" big tlcrp, a big borne feed and payday,
is juot ouo round of joy. "0."
dispatches herein are also reserved-
at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
8, 1879.
PA ABLE IN ADVANCE
5 .75
- 2.25
. 4.00
- 7.5u
, 2.5u
. .75
tor Less Than 75c
of Shame
Shots
ji
GENERAL STRIKE
ORDERED SEATTLE
j fBy Review Leased Wir-
SEATTLE. Wash., Jan. 25 Seattle
i Building Trades council, it became
known today, has voted to join in a
ruary 1, 1S19, if the Seattle Central
Labor council orders such action.
Referendum votes are being taken
by unions affiliated with the Central
Labor council.
The general strike, if called, will be ,
a walkout in sympathy with Seattle
metal trades workers numbering ap
proximately 25.000 who struck last ;
Tuesday for higher wages.
PROSPERITY IS
COMING WILSON
By Revit-w Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. Jan.
2. Pre Jioting ;
tiiat the country v, ill
"get ba k into
its normal swing" within six moatas
alter the signing of tbc armistice. :
Wii.iani B. Wilson, secretary of labor. j
de:larej in an addre? h?re today I
that the nation feces eiht or ten I
. ; 1
years of tne sreaiest icaa-iriai sctn-,
"'Mr! SorTpoke at a luncheon !
given in his honor and that of Senator j
James Hamilton Lewis cf Illinois by !
the Lawyers' club on the eve of the!
departure for France of the d?paii-j
ment of iabcr's economic mission.
which will make a survev of that'
country t
Whilo predicting prosperit . Mr.
WLscn warned his auditors that labor
has a reserve of money to resist any
attempt to force down wages unduly
He asserted that "if v. c have aa
:ari.e perici cf ir.dustrial u crest, there
is no tel'ing where the social up
heaval will lead us."
In this connection, he declared, it
would be ha.d to say wy.ctner it wouli
iead "to a revolution, such as that of
the Wench or or the bolsheviki in
Russia.
'"Unless the principle of accepting
the will of the majority is taken," he
said, "the same condition that brought
about our war with Germany will
exist. That condition is autocracy.
. , , - . hen holesale prices ou the dsorv
ness going, and keep it going. ( oduct d
-,TnPry . the di5trict- The mining
as men are prone to think. Mr W ll- r j wpa JS Q(Ad Gate citv one
:mml? at.on dung the war, and the.wee , lQ sccompVsh was accom,,Jis;hea
fact that rt wi.l be necessary to keeps heie in cne daywit an extra cent
an army of l.K-O.Oi-O men m Europe ia tba consumer's favor mere than the
for more tnan a year to trine, ye are: s, ,n ,;,c
about 3.200,000 laborers short m our"
i ormal supply."
MEXICAN ARMY NOW
CEING REORGANIZED
WASHINGTON". Jan. 25 lr.forma-
tion reached Washington todav that'
President Carrsnza had ivnrp -i Ti !
jthe Mexican army to-a considerable i
extent, obtaining sufficient arms ana !
eQuipment, and had inaugurated a new
cr.mpaign against the rebels
cits operating in different
the republic
Several bands of rebels surrendered
unconditionally with their .command-1
pts th ronnrt saM n nrW rrnnr.s '
dispersed, the men promising to re-
turn heme, while the leaders either -'- --loo-e omoanj, a
fled or . or j captured INcw Jersey corporation doing busi-
The states cf Jal!sco and Guerrero j "e?f Xe' Ycrk- fr compensation
tave been cleared of rebels according i :rr c;?s !cst ,n trss t htv.een Cali
to the?e advices, with the rae min-i -nia and New Jersey. Justice Bene
ation of the band under Pedro Zamona1 ' ci ru,-od t-rt the Moore company,
with .ieadTjarrers npar Antian 7.i-i ' 1I5 lAally ergaeeJ in business in
mona was wounded and later cap-
tured
COLORADO R. R. COM.
IN DEADLOCK WITH
M'ADOO'S AGENT
Rv Review I-fnsecl W'iroi
DEXTER, Colo.. Jan. 25 Attorney
General Victor Keyes and other mem
bers of a committee which is endeav
oring to induce the government to
take over the Colorado Midland rail
road in order to bring about a resump
tion of service, failed to make any
headway in their conference with
oJhn Barton Payne, attorney of the
United States railroad administration,
according to word received trom
Washington tonight. Jude Payne toi
the committee the government could
do nothing until the committee sub
mitted a tangible plan. The commit
tee will endeavor to present a definite
proposal to the railroad administra
tion later.
SUNK 203 SUBS.
(Ry Review Ii-asil Wire)
LONDON. Jan. 3. (Hritish Wire
less Service.) Of the 203 German
submarines lost during the war, it is
estimated here semi-otiicially, llo
were sunk with all on board, and that
in the others an average of half of
the crew perished.
The British navy lost 59 subma
rines, 39 of which were destroyed by
the enemy. Of the remainder four I
were interned by neutrals, seven were)
blown up in the Baaic sea. four were
sunk by accident and five were
wrecked in collisions.
JAKE SCHAEFER WINS FROM
COCHRAN IN BILLIARD MATCH
NEW YORK. Jan. 25. Jake Schae
fer of San Francisco, defeated Welker
Cochran of New York, in a ::G00 point
1S.2 balk line billiard match here, win
nins the final block tonight by a score
IU TU.. ......I ... ... -1
high runs were: Schacfcr .!60) 1S5;
Cochran. 3076 200.
FLYER REACHES MARGA
hv K.-vit-w M.'.stvl Wtiei
MARFA. Texas. Jan. 25 Lieutenant
Searle of ilic govcrnnie.it airplane
service arrived hero this evening from
Del Rio. on his air journey trom Hon
ton. Texas, to the Pacifi'- coast. The
wind reached a velocity of 4 miles -in
i hour when the airplane reiu lied an
. altitude of ll.Ono let t. li.it the machine
j kept in tlie. air exactly one hour ami
1 55 minuter.
CANADIAN ACE TO
-FLY ACROSS OCEAN
Kx-v " I
J
Sv -
Sc ." ? 1
i , H
k ; :
I - - vM
t - N 5 1
fi vn.v vs " $
r v o N - -S
..vr. .-..v-;J53
--
CoL Collirhaw.
Col. Raymond G. Collinshaw, D. S.
C was the first Canadian airman to
reach France at the bejrinninj; of the
war. He is thus their senior flying
man, although but twenty-four year
ot ape. His oilicial victories num-
l. " i . l.l i I 1 ; .
sixty. .iinopn lie nas juss re-
turned to Canada he is not at all
weary of flyinjr and is already plan
nine to beat the United States in
makinjr the transatlantic flisrht ard
is enlistinjr financial support that he
may make a start in the spring.
LOOK WHAT REVIEW
ADVERTISING DID FOR
BISBEE HOUSEWIVES
"Sau Francisco I utter Prices Urcp
10 Cents ia Week; Hooray. Bisbee
Next" headline in The Review ot
Friday.
And Bisbee. striving to make truth
N. Y. R. R. COMMISSION
IN DEADLOCK WITH
M'ADOO AGENT
-
NEW CRK. Jan. 3. Justice Bene-
d"'ct in ,hs supreme court in Brooklyn
.held that the director general
ed a new isi-tas as wuncui power to
and ban-! supercede the provisions of th? New
parts of!cl,': s;a;e rJv' co'-'e re?-rdir3 the
I "-stiiutnn cf law suits against rail
road companies. i
Dismissing a motion of the Atchison, !
To? Satn Fo railroad fcr dis-
,;r ?' :? ?' !f rc,ISht against it
v Ycrk. nei;.er the president nor
ajrtiit were r.uthorired by congress
impair tac corporation's right to
in th state courts.
COAST-TO-COAST !
FLIGHT FINISHED
'v r.ev'i-iv N-'VPd Wire)
ARCADIA. F!a.. Jan. 25. Maj. Theo
dore C. McAuley. commanding officer
at Taliaferro lithl. Ft. Worth. Texas,
trying for a coast to coat airplane
record, arrived here today, completing
a flight from San Diego, Calif.
BOLIVIA SENDS DELEGATE
!:' Kpvua I.i:im"1 W'irei
LA PAZ, Bolivia. Jan. 5 Gen.
Ismiel Monies, ex-president of Bolivia
and n.pY ciiiivian a'nbassadjr to
France, has been appointed Bolivia's
delegate to the peace conference. He
has been instructed to inform the con
gress of Bolivia's need of an outlet to
the sea and to request that the situa
tion be remedied in this respect.
BASKETBALL GAME.
Hy Review J:iael Wire)
GLCOUADO SPttlAGS. Colo.. Jan.
25. Colorado college basketball team
defeated State Teachers' college of
Greeley teuigiit. 25 to 12.
SCOUT NEWS.
Monday, Jan. 13. 1C19.
No. 2 Meeting called to
6:30 by Troop Lt-ader Law
Troop
order at
rence Sui ivun; good attendance; 27
present; several new applications for
membership; tro:t officers will pre
sent awards at the end of each iinar
tcr lor faithfui service and duty;
third patrol officers were elected.
Harry Lyman, patrol leader, aud
Frank Harris, assistant patrol leader;
adopted resolutions on death of Col.
Koosevelt. honorary vice-president of
I'oy Scouts of America: all Scouts
cry active and anx-uus to pass the
1 ', '.11 1 i u ?ia iu itianv
them First
r, , '
Trt a No. 1. "arrra Te:ity-two
l eys r-i i:i aiteMiav.ct at the last
rr :.v-z a-ul alter r'.vnlar busi-
lK.is vaa ii::i.-h;'ii i'a boyj enjoyed a
s . !; la.! i::icrc-.ti!iv. t il-c b Mr.
TlKiiipsi.ii of ",he -Uoyt "Y" d:i tho
:-iujf. i. 'i "L'jN.i'.y :r-J (' u.ii sy."
Tnmp N. 2 has H;i'.'t .tt:t.ls ;,ov
- tho r. a'.er. lva:a .mi Ka;t ie.-nako.
;a!y i ;u v.-. iaer are pas-ii.u
ihi ir te-r.d. el . :.r.!iiinat io;:. a. a;
ll'ICe i't tl;e -t : 1 1.'. S SciHil'- ;il
ukiKii thca- fuel class tcta.
Unemployment Is
!m ,
iiempQrary uniy
Claims Kirchway
x.r., lllv ::viw '" wtr
NLV." oilK. Jau. -i. A large ;art
t..e i:.c reasiu amount of unem-
eymem ia tins country is volun -
ef t..e i:.cre..siu amount of unem-
ploymen! ia tins country is volun
. tarily and tra;iorary in character, de many respects patently defective and j tor Detore attacks -by superior forces
tlarei i. r. Kicav.-ey. state director of i iu need of immediate revision at the ot osrv Is reported ian offl
the l".!tu staler t-nv-lcymen; service, ! hands of congress." ; cial dispatch to the llio Jaury 23,
! in an JJrcs-s here today
Diovhare J soiuiers. lie saii. were
not oii,cr ia re tarn to their old jobs
and many w?re walking the streets
to fiud or of a racre dignified char
ccter. lie said the army was bein
dt-uM;ioa Uio rapidly from the
point if iev cf iudustry. with the
resu't that -ischared soldiers are
concentrating in industrial centers.
Kirchwej 'declared today that
ie had been iacorrtctlv quoted last
nigh, aj iayi'.ig that there were l'J,
Uom.'. . o ,clic3 persons i:i this coun
try.
, Whru I did say." he explained.
was that when the armistice was
signed K.e prollcm was pres?r.;?d of
restcrius" into peaceful occupation
.iK'V.CCa or. wht had been under
arms. r.r..l tihotit S.i'VfO.000 wr work
ers." ;Iicd t'.iat t'le S.uO l.O'l war
orVt) ; are not out of employment a;
this rr ricrt. Hundreds of ihem, he
t-aid, vi:j woaitn.
PHELFS-DODGE REP.
MEMBER U. S. COM.
: rtvviow Ic-itd Wtrr
XL'.v YOHK. Jan Ocar .
Strain chairman of the-league to en-
! iorco leaco. sailed today on the Araer-
l ic-,ii ;-.; steamship Lapland on a
I miosiaa. h-N csplaiaed. to confer with!!1
Uunl. France ai;c! Italy, at their ir.vi-S
tation. i
! Amo'.iar the 1 .inlaid' r.i n:Kpn. !
! gers were representatives of tho Cop
per xport. asscci-ttKn. wh; plan to
spend six to eight months studying i
the r.-.ctal situation in Europe C. F.
Kelloy. president o;' the Anaconda
! Copper Miiu;T company; R. L Agas-
six, pn?vient ot the Calumet & Hecla
Mining company; Walter Doyle, rep
resenting Phetps Dodge A Co- and S
R. Guggenheim of the American
t melting- & Refining Co.
MOONEY DEFENSE
FUND APPROPRIATED
BY THE I. W. W.
(Ky Kview Ias Wir
XHV YJIKKT Tn -V". Ira T ft.
! bur. secretary of the Connecticut
Federation of Labor, has issued a
j warning that money contribute I by or
; gar.iced labor to the Mooney defense
I fund is bci-.i used by the I. W. W.
j and the bolsheviki to further their
Iowa ends. The warning is in the
j term of a letter to all secretaries of
t central labjr unions and affiliated
ocal unions.
ysSIVI it
5 ;!
woman through, i
MARINELLO
Phantom Powder
Immediately gives skin appear
ance of beauty then really
beautifies ft. Unrivaled beauty builder
for face, neck and hands. Doesn't rub
or wash off. Splendid for even ins make
upw Your minor will prove iu neat.
5ho Phone 305
In Prenarins
Specifications
j it makes a whole lot of differ-!
j ence what kind of lumber you i
! use. If the lumber is to com?
Urom us, you can figure onj
quantities much closer than if!
you don't specify us. There ;
is no waste to our lumber. It,
can be used to the last inch.
If your plans are as right as
our lumber your building will:
be a dandy.
Bisbee Lumber Co
Incorporated I
EiYlIL MARKS, Mgr.
iLoweii var top. l hone ZD
Judge advocate
URGES REVISION
rT? DiiiV I AW ueuntui m its j;?it?rai iac
KJt KmX L-WViof legal supervision and control from
' j the preliminary investigation of the &1-
(Ky Review l.ea.stnl YVir) I leged offenso until the execution of
CHICAGO. Jan. 25. Brigadier Gen-, the sentence."
; oral Samuel T. An sell, actirg judse ad
jvocate genera! of the army, in an ad-
dress before the Chicago Bar associa -
tion today said the present system of
i military justice, in his oninion "it tn
tion todav said th irtonr Svi, f
- i military justice, in his oninion "ii in
It is the present view that courts
maritla are but executive agencies or j P-hlic today by General March,
t-oards of investigation and not courts. ; Gcueral March said tho lutersillied
although he declared, "they are courts : commander had adequate troops to re
of criminal jurisdiction second to ' iuforco the advanced elements and to
none." but while holding in jeopardy ! handle the situation. The message
the life and liberty of citizen soldiery ' reparu d the American losses in one
they proceed to execute their sacred ! of the acUov.s i.t 10 killed. 17 wound
trust without the aid. guidance or con-' ed and 11 missing. A later dispatch
trol of any person in the least Quali-lsaid subsequent attacks were re
fili in tne law " pulsod whon delivered on the post-
The general said that during the i tions taken up by tho American
war the department had been com- trcops.
j 9
HOC
Given by the Pupils, of
iViRS. rJATl ESTHER THOMASON ENGLISH
HIGH SCHOOL GYMNASIUM
Thursday, Jan. 30, 8 p. m.
ADMISSION 50 CENTS
Proceeds to the Warren District Relief Association
DN SALE. BALL'S end BISBEE DRUG STORES
!i
.-.fi.i'.iV .
ft
I V-i.
A "riAM
GOLD BOND SUITS
$20.00 value, sale price $13.95
$30.00 value, sale rrice $22.95
$33.00 value, saie price $24.05
140.00 value, sale price .. 2S.?5
OVERCOATS
$23.00 value, sale price $17.45
$33.00 value, sale price $24.35
MACKINAWS
$15.00 value, sale price $10.4-
$17.50 value, sale price $12.95
RAIN COATS
$ 7.50 value, sale price $4.45
.$20.00 value, sale price $12.95
Big reduction on Sweaters.
Neckwear, Hand
LIBERTY BONDS AND
SAME
v.
; welled to sot aside many sentences
j "for gross ami prejudicial errors of
I law." "In my judgment." he snid. "the
- : - ' i ; t
mAicucuiir noiuc unci biv
j vvtiii vrrnv rSi I- n
1 AbHINCiTON. Jan. 2. Reti
luent of lno forces holding a
I nced iositious in the Archangels
re
ment of tho aliied forces holding ad-
I nced iositious in the Archangel sec-
! substance of which was made
MILLER'S
BIO Clearance
IS STILL ON
If you haven't visited this
store
It Ha Been Your Loss
The following prices will
be in force all th coming
week. Now is your
char.ee to secure merch
andise of a leputable
make at genuine clear
ance prices.
The Famous
JUST WRIGHT SHOE
$ 6.50 value, sale price $4.75
J -50 Talue. ssle prico $5.95
J !10-00 va,uo sal Price 7-45
$ o.ftO work shoes $3.45
DRESS SHIRTS
$ 1.50 value, sale price 95c
$ 2.00 value, sale price $1.35
$ 5.00 silk shirt, sale price $3.45
$10.00 silk shirt, sale price $7.45
$ 1.50 work shirts 95c
HATS
J..50 value, sale price $1.75
$3.00 value, sale price $3.95
OVERALLS
$2.23 value, salo price $1.50
Underwear, Hosiery, Gloves,
Bags and Suit Cases
THRIFT STAMPS TAKEN
AS CASH
.Recital
SALE
f it
Mhm STREET, BISBEE. THE BI5BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1919.
FIVE
MINES
Hill TOP PROVES
ore bodies, pimis
LARGE OPERATION
The Hill Top property in the Chiri
cahua mountains between Paradise
and Dos Cabezes. has ceased to be a
prospect and has entered the proven
mine class, according to John Gaugh
ran of Douglas, who is interested in
the adjoining property, the Hill Top
Extension, and who was in Bisbee
during the week. Silver-lead ore 6truck
in the upper tunnel of the property
ha3 been proved to extend to the sec
ond tunnel, 400 feet below and the
third tunnel 300 feet lower still. These
tunnels have been run through the
mountain from the Dos Cabezos side
to the Paradise side, a distance of ap
proximately 2000 feet in each instance.
Approximately 1750,000 has been
spent in the development of the
ground by its owners, a Kansas City
corporation, stock, in which is not
widely held. Ii. O. Fife, well known in
Arizona and Sonora, as a miner and
cattleman, is manager of the 'prop
erty. Report has it that the Hill Top is
making arrangements to install ' a
smelter and that a railroad will be
built by the company to handle its
supplies and output, but whether to
tap the Southern Pacific at Dos Ca
bezos, or the 1 Paso & Southwestern
at Rodeo, is not known. Good wagon
roads already have been built to Ro
deo to freight supplies to the mine.
A fine plant of machinery, .includ
ing a large engine cf the Deisel type,
and a compressor, were installed some
time back. There is ample timber on j
the ground for use in the mine, while
a flow of 1000 gallons of water per
minute struck in one of the tunnels
assures plenty for operations of the
mine, smelter, concentrator and for
domestic purposes in the camp of Hill
Top.
The beauty of the ore i3 that it is
self fluxing, the mine supplying every
necessary ingredient for a perfect
smelter , charge. It appears in
the !
form of carbonates and galena. About !
30 men are employed at present.
TheHm ToLfeSrwhichhaslH H&WK READY TO
been under development for two years i 1,1 u 11 1 IIUTIU I IU
or more, is doing little work now. John
Blumberg. superintendent, returned
recently from the east with the repre
sentative of New York financial inter
ests who made a thorough inspection
of the ground. A wagon roed had been
built ready to start shipping from the
property but the heavy snow of recent
weeks has retarded this plan. The
property, like the Hill Top is being
developed by means of tunneTs.
Ajax Mine
The Ajax. which is being develoDed i
by O. E. Welch, a merchant of Para-!
dise, recently struck a good grade of j
copper ore in the shaft at the depth of i
200 feet. Sinking now is in progress i
for the purpose of determining the ex-1
tent of the body, which will be devel- j
cped by means of drifts and cross-cut-
ting after the desired depth has been '
reached.
BISBEE MEN MAY TAKE
LEASES IN TOMBSTONE
Reports reaching here from. Tomb
stone during the week were to the
effect thai a. nimihfr rf innnlne KiiH
net-a iaiiue mere dv m;n. now em-1
ployed in Bisbee. relative to leases
on the Bunker Hill company's ground.
inis is attributed to the high price j
of silver of which there are a number
of small d-iosits known to be on the '
Bunker Hill property.
It also is reported from Tombstone j
that the Hernhel Mining company is
about Vj start work at their mill, the
machinery having be en overhauled i
during the laxt two weeks by Manager,
Douglas Gray. :
IWres
Mo
JUago Jo
AND MININGEERX,
TUHGSTEH R E E Fj
Installing hill
! The Tungsten Reef Mining com- J
pany, owning a group of claims in tne ,
Huachuca mountains 16 miles south
of Hereford, which is the nearest rail I
point, now is engaged in Installing a
mill for concentration of the ore
bodies opened up. This is. expected
to be ready for operation when active
mining and development reopen prob
ably in February.'
Crusher on Ground.
The crusher is on the ground and
the boilers for operation of the plant
had arrived at Hereford at last re
ports and were waiting to be freight
ed out. A pipe line to bring water
for operation of the concentrator from
the series of springs to which the
company has water rights, is being
laid.
Heavy Snow Stops Work.'
. .Heavy snowfalls in the mountains
late in November caused suspension ,
of underground work, but this is ex
pected to be re-started with the open
ing of warm weather.
Three Blanket Veins.
The company has three blanket
veins of tungsten-gold ore on its prop
erty. The' ore is said to average suf
ficiently well to promise excellent re
sults with concentration.
Officers Well Known.
A. J. Clark of Montana is president
and treasurer of the company, L. E.
Porter, vice-president and secretary,
and G. D. Kislingbury superintendent.
BENSON SMELTER WORK
UNDERWAY SAYS MAIER
Work at the smelfer at BensOn is be
ing pushed at present, according to B.
Maier, a resident of Benson, who visit
ed Bisbee Friday in his capacity of
traveling salesman. Mr. Maier said
he was not familiar with the smelter
plans but that work was being done
there under the management of
Charles Goetz. A small force is em-
ployed at the present time.
SHIP CARLOAD OF ORE
: The Xight Hawk Leasing company
j will chip -a carload of ore, removed
i from its property in the Don Luis sec
I tion of the Warren district, to the
; Phelps Dodge reduction works at
! Douglas during the week. This will
j be the third carload of ore sent from
the property in course of development
operations.
Development work is proceeding
along lines previously outlined, with
enccuraeine results but nothing of
noteworthy interest trar
ground during the week,
ired under-!
!
I
LEASERS WORKING NOW
A T PEARGE ON DUMP
Then'
Pearce.
is little mining activity a
this county, at the present
time, according to recent arrivals,
Several leasers are at work on . the
company. The company itself is
confining its operations, aside from
underground maintenance, to workinsr
I :ts dump to obtain values which
escaped with the cruder methods of
milling in the early days.
DEFEAT DENVER UNIVERSITY
(Hv Review leased V.'ire)
GOLDEN. Colo., Jan. 25. The Colo
rado School of Mines tonight defeated
Denver university at
to 10.
basketball. 25
o
iLMing
ndav Night,' J
AT 8:30 P.M.
GRAND THEAT
2 Good Preliminaries
e
PRICES: 50c, $1.00,
REALTY REFtECTSiTO OLD TK HERD
city s present
GOOD CONDITION
Although world conditions have af
fected the public mind in Bisbee to
some extent and pessimism as to the
immediate future is reflected in some
quarters, the realty situation reveals
another story- Houses of any sort are
hard to obtain, as hard as any time in
the history of the district, while furn
ished houses are almost non-existent
as a realty item.
In the boarding houses there is an
air of prosperity, also. Nothing ap
proaching hard times have been felt
by this class which usually is the best
business barometer in any community.
Building operations in all parts of
the district continue unimpeded and
a number of contracts were let during
the week for new business or resi-
! dence property.
E. A. Tovrea has let a contract for
the construction of a modern business
block in Warren to J. M. Sparks of
DourHs
Mr. Sparks and his brother, i
H. C. Sparks, were in Bisbee Thursday J
making preliminary arrangements for
the work which will begin in the im
mediate future. The building will be
50 by 100 feet in its dimensions and
will house a meat market to be in
stalled by Air. Tovrea as one of the
branches of his business through the
district. Mr. Tovrea has gone to Los
Angeles to purchase the fixtures for
the building.
Contractors from Tucson have start
ed erecting a residence on Vista street
in Warren for J. J. Verfuth of the In
dependent Fuel & Feed company of
Bisbee. It is in block 15. The house
will be modern in every respect and
Brick!
a credit to the neighborhood.
is the material employed.
James A. Turney, who has a con
crete building block plant in Warren,
is erecting a home on Hovland street,
using blocks from his mahufactury for
the purpose. '.
C. L. Park also has started the erec
tion of a residence on Hovland street
in Warren.
J. L. Hilton and family have moved
into their new five room house on
the Thirteenth terrace in the third ad
dition to Warren.
The gypsum block residence of W.
L. Moorevon Mason hill in Bisbee, will
be ready for occupancy in about a
week. It contains five rooms and is
I modern in every respect.
LABOR CONDITIONS IN
DISTRICT IMPROVED
Labor conditions in the Warren dis
trict show considerable improvement!
ts-is month over the two preceding!
ones and as January has advanced !
have become better, according to W. '
IL. Ashurst, L S., labor agent in this j
city, iast niontn trie average num
ber of men found employment w-as
about 5 per week. This month the!
number has increased until now from i
i seven to eight men per day are placed
I in various forms of employment.
Closer cooperation has been obtained!? a s, are Indebted to her for an in
t ! between the agency and the employers , va ua!e m for oinach, liver and
j of the district which guarantees posi-i
itions for soldiers and sailors.
that a few requisitions for farm labor j turns. Geo. H. Mayr, for many years
are being received at his office. Most a Prominent Chicago chemist, imports
of these have come from the Sanlthe ingredients and sells this remedy
Pedro vallev where heavy snows have i
fallen, putting the ground in excellent!
condition for plowing. i
According to reports received by the
community labor board from the
Phelps Dodge corporation. Copper
; Queen branch. 106 soldiers and sailors
have been given employment since
December 1. Of these 40 iiad worked
Jfor the company previous to the war
and 6G were new men.
Manuel
Maftchlj
$1.50. LADIES FREE.
Un ILU t(U 1 RlU-1
The death of John Baptise, an aged
negro, better known as "Old Bat"
through the border district, recalled
to the mind of E- J. Crouch of Bisbee
an incident in which the old negro
figured somewhat as he was cook for
the outfit with which Crouch traveled
in the fall of 1S92. taking 2000 head
of Cel. John H. Slaughter's cattle,
under exciting circumstances, to
Colorado for pasturage.
"Altogether .Colonel Slaughter sent
30.000 head of cattle that year to Colo
rado "becarse of the drouth," said
Crouch. Wa started out from the
home ranch. by way of the Animas,
Playas and Grant valleys. We hadn't
gone far when we got word that Three
lingered Jack, notorious outlaw,
rustler aaJ holdup man, had threat
ened to come down on us on the trail
and stampede the herd. Jack,, whose
right name was John uun;ap, had it
in for Colonel Slaughter, who was
sheriff of Cochise county at that time
and a terror to the outlaws.
"Jack never got to carry out his
promise. He had rustled some horses
from Duval's I X bar outfit and was
going along with them when he met
Charles Bradley, who worked for that
outfit, near Silver creek. Bradley
! recosr.ized the horses and afcer ridins
past eacn otiier the two men turned
in their saJdles and began to smoke
each other up. Neither one was
wounded. That was the last seeu of
Jack, though, for about eight or ten
years. He was known to have killed
a calf at Mud springs. Eight or ten
years later he was arrested in Colo
rado and brought back to Cochise
county for trial. He came clear of
the charges against him, but only a
short time afterward in company with
a gang held up the train at Hereford.
He was shot and fatallv wounded by i
the express messenger. Though he
made his getaway temporarily he was
trailed to. the Dragoon mountains by
George Bravm and taken back to
lomosioae, wnere ne aiea m cue
hospital.
"All that is aside from my story.
Old Bat was cook for the outfit and
I remember his being armed aui ready
to dig In if Jack and his gang tried
to dig into us on the trail. Bat used t
to kid me, calling me Young Sandy!
Bob, a name ne gave me because my
father, Sandy Bob Crouch, was the
original owner of the sta.se lines run
ning in this part of the state.
'"I always will , remember that trip
because it was the' hardest I ever took
in my life. There were about ten of
us, including Bat. ' Bert Grovers now
a police officer in Douglas; a man by
tie nama cf Boyl and myself were
left to bring, about 500 drags into
Deming. The weather had turned bit
terly cold. Our horses were frozen
to death in the Animas valley and we
went into Beming ou foot herding
those cattle."
FRENCH SACRIFICE
FOR LIBERTY HEROIC
j Six millions of French sons have of
i fered their lives that democracy might
live, i mrty million otner renrn men
and women sacrificed their all for the
same purpose. America's debt of grati-
; tude to France for this is very great.
intestinal ailments, discovered by her
peasants, which it is reported has
saved many American lives and pre-
thousands of surgical opera-
under tbe name or Mayrs Wonderful
Remedy. It is a simple, harmless
preparation that removes the catarrh-
af mucus irom tne intestinal tract ana
allays the inflammation which causes
practically all stomach, 'liver and in
testinal ailments, including appendi
citis. One dose will convince or mon
ey refunded.
Sold by Lowell Drug company and
druggists everywhere.
Archer
2. i fi . ii'
till I
ER '
!!
ULfMiiiM
MONDAY'S WRESTLING
MATCH HOLDS LOCAL
FANS' CLOSE ATTENTION
The wrestling match between Dago
Joe (Gus Tappas, Pacific coast cham
pion middleweight) and Manuel
Archer, who claims the heavyweight
championship of Mexico, at the Grand
theater Monday night, is looked for
ward to with considerable interest by
local fans of the mat game, who ex
pect to see some quick action.
Dat-o Joe's showing in his match
with Ernest Dixie, three weeks ago,
left no doubt that he is one of the
shiftiest men in the game today and
the one who stands up against him.
no matter how heavy he may bo. must
have something more than beef and
DAGO JOE.
sireusth at his command. While Joe
did not win his match with Dixie he
held the heavier man at bay and
roughed him in a manner which left
the impression in the minds of many
people in the audience that he could
have finished the match had he been
so minded. The ease with which he
wriggled out of the seemingly un
breakable holds taken by Dixie
aroused admiration for his skill.
Archer comes here with a good
reputation as a mac artist, hat the
Greek undoubtedly will be lavorite.
In publishing a challenge "yesterday
The Review's sporting editor, through
a mis understanding, made it appear
that George Kostouaros. a wrestler
with a carnival company now at
Lowell, was challenging Pappas. The
contrary wa3 the case, the Pacific
coast champion being anxious to take
the measure of the carnival man at
any time. He is willing to post a suf
ficient sized side bet to make the
event interesting, he savs.
EPWORTH LEAGUE RALLY.
FIRST M. E. CHURCH
Sunday, January 28, 1!U!, '7:30
p. in.:
Processional.
Gloria, 12th Mass Mozart.
Scripture Reading, Miss Rena Al
bright. Hymn. "O. That Will Be Glory.-
Prayer, Rev. Chas. W. Harshman.
Response. "Hear My Supplication."
Emerson.
Anthem, ' O. Jesus Thou Art Stand
ing." Brewer.
Announcements.
Offertory, selected. Mr. J. G. Berter -
Hyrar.
"Sweeter As the Days Go
By."
Address. Mr. E. V. Clark.
Solo, selected. Miss Lenore Allen.
Address. "The Challenge of the
Christ." Secy. E. A. Putnam.
Hymn. "A Song of Victory."
Benediction.
Reception: Mr. C. E. Orr. Mrs. P.
A. Looman, Miss Alma Chipperfield.
Ushers: Miss Rylla Wacek, Miss
Beatrice McKay.
ATTENTION I. O. R. M.
All brothers and visiting brothers
are requested to meet at hall at 12
m. to attend funeral of Brother
Daniels.
1S4 SAM VERRAU. C. of R.
MRS. MAY
GOULD NOT
WORK
Made Well and Strong by
Lydla EL Pinkham's Veg
etable Compound.
Columbia, Pa. "I was very weak
and run down and had drapging-down
fi pains and pains in
my back. 1 could
not get around to do
tr.y work and had to
sit down and rest
often during theday.
I saw Lydia E. Fink
ham's Vegetable
Compound adver
tised in the papers
and read the testi
monials, sol thcutrht
I would try it. Now
I am healthier than I
ever wss in my life, and can recommend
it to anv woman who suffers as I did-"
Mrs. Elizabeth May, R.F.D. No.1,
Columbia, Pa-
The reason Lydia E. PinWi&m'a Vege
table Compound is so successful in over
coming woman's ills is because it con
tains the tonic, strengthening properties
of good old fashioned roots and herbs,
which act on the female organism.
Women from all parts of the country
are continually test if ying to i ts strength
rninc, curative influence, and the letters
which we are constantly publishing from
women in every section of this country
prove beyond question the merit cf this
famous root and herb medicine.
...... r ; . ,s
vv . . . - , . Vk ' N
RIIIIIIM!!! Ill i
l-
' ' - l I
s Hi
l - 2.
; I ' H ; ;,
! I'i
i !yi- r:l
i ' ..
i L,,.y,rv-,i.--.:iJ
Dempsey-Miske Bout Would
Draw As Elimination Affair
Followers of news pugilistic do
not take seriously the reports com
ing from New Orleans that Jack
Dempsey and Billy Miske will meet
there "in a 20 round contest to decide
the heavyweight championship of the
world and that Jess Willard. the
present holder of the title by virtue
of his ring activities in Havana, April
5, 1915. is not to be taken into con
sideration when the "titular bout is
promoted.
A 20 round bout between Jack
Dempsey. the leading contender for
the heavyweight honors, and Billy
Miske, the rugged St. Paul battler,
would be welcomed by the fistic fans
throughout the country, but when it
is decided to have these two men meet
to decide the championship they are
going a bit too far. Jess Willard is
the champion and no'body can wrest
the title from him by employing any
tactics other than defeating him in
the ring.
Jess Can't Hear It
Dempsey has hurled challenge after
challenge at the champion, but the
conqueror of Jack Johnson has turned
a deaf ear to them. As champion that
is his privilege. It is true that a
majority of fight fans throughout the
country are dissatisfied wfth the ac
tions of the champion since he re
fused to defend his title. Until he
is defeated in the ring or announces
his retirement he must be regarded
as the titleholder, and to promote a
"championship" contest with his
crown at stake is a joke.
Miske has agreed to meet Dempsey
in a 20 round bout and if the contest
is advertised a3 a "championship" 'af
fair it is not at all unilekly that it
will not be looked upon seriously, as
it would mean nothing, but if it was
run off as a bout to decide the su
BASEBALL PLAYERS
WANT I fl P A I RCDTUC
II Mil I LUUHL DLninO
The outlook for the baseball season
in the Warren district is becoming
brighter all the time, insofar as play
ing talent is concerned. . Should
berths be arranged for thetn. it now
is assured that two crackerjack men
in the persons of Deak LeBrandt.
catcher, and Nick DeMaggio, outfield
er, can be obtained. Both would come
direct from Los Angeles.
Letters received during the week by
Gill Pitman, managed of last year's
Junction-Briggs team, from the two
men oner taeir services Tor the ap
proaching season.
IieBrandt played last year with the
Queen team in the Warren district
league. He is a classy man behind
the bat. having a good playing head
and a whip that makes the opposing
team shy of stealing bases. DeMeg
gio is full of pep and made good in
decided fashion in the outfield for Ray
last year. His batting was a feature
of the season. If talent of this kind
can be gathered here, local fans will
have something to look forward to
when the season opens.
DOUGLAS TENNIS MEN
PLAY' MATCH TODAY
A team of six players from the
I rioilzlas Pmiufrv Huh 'will arrive hpn
j ,odav .0 ,,,Fet a team of simHar size
from the Warren District Country
club. The Douglas men sent a chal
lenge here late in the week and met
with immediate acceptance. However,
the personnel of imther of the teams
has been announced.
Much interest is being taken by the
membership of the Warren District
club in the approaching tri-city golf
and tennis match which will take
place iu Douglas February 22 and 23.
Douclas. Tucson and the Warren dis
trict clubs will have teams entered.
It is for the purpose of working up in
teiest in this eveut and in the border
state tennis tournament in Douglas
! in May, that the local match of today
was arran.ceJ.
HIFPODROME VAUDEVILLE.
Manager Tarunien of tne Grand and
Lyric theaters announces that the
vaudeville season at the Grand the
ater will open Thursday, January S'.
PAY CASH
JIMS dairy mm
Uai and Bacon
WE HAVE JUST RECEIVED A SH1FMENT OF
THIS DELICIOUS HICKORY SMOKED PRO
DUCT. AND THE COST IS NO HIGHER THAN
OTHER BRANDS OF GOOD QUALITY. TRY IT
J. B. ANGIUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
WHERE YOU CAN DO BETTER
Phone 29
Food Administration
premacy of the two foremost contend
ers for the crown it would attract
widespread interest throughout the
country. No date has been set for
the battle, but it will probably be
j held before the present racing season
i in tht rr(sint iitp vno am .i .4
Two Met Before
Miske is one of the two men vhnm
! Dempsey has not knocked for a 'goal,
I the other heavy who was uot put to
(sleep by Jack bein.jr Willie Meehan.
jthe Frisco lad. Miske and Dempsey
have met twice. Their last battle was
irought in Philadelphia, Thanksgiving
day, and Miske was on his teet at
the end of the sixth and last round,
but he was outpointed. In the first
round, which went to Miske. the St.
Paul battler landed two solid blows
to Jack's jaw, and although Miske
put all his strength behind the blows
they were not hard enough to topple
over Jack. During the bout Miske
i proved the better boxer, while Demp
IsoV showed that the more ring ex
j peVience would do him no harm,
i Miske Might Dodge
! How Miske would fare in a long
bout is the cause of much specula
tion. Dempsey has a death dealiug
! blow in either hand, and ir Miske
j succeeds in dodging them during the
j first ten rounds, many believe he has
!a good chance of staying on his feet
jthe rest of the route. In the arly
! going the St. Paul heavyweight mav
!wear down Dempsey and this mav
pave the road for a Miske victory
i later on. As to height and weight
i both appear about eveuly' matched.
; Dempsey is a fraction of an inch
t short of six feet, while Miske towers
! six feet. Jack when he foujiht Gun
boat Smith in Buffalo a couple of
weeks ago weighed 190 pounds, while
'Miske weighs about 1S3.
On that date the first Hippodrome
Vaudeville Road show to visit Bisbee
Will !''ilar nl tha !ran.4 1..-..
Thereafter Hippodrome Vaudeville will
bei weekly feature or local amuse-
men's. And an important one. too.
for HiniKHlrome vandp-ill s rnt r
: unknown quality. To the contrary,
the acts are chosen with great care
irom siuong the standard acts of
vaudeville, many of the artists en
j gaged for the Hippodrome tour being
internationally famous. Fro:-, all in
dications the comiuj: vaudct lUa sea
son is going to be the most success
ful, financially and otherwise, in the
history of American theatricals, ac
', cordinsr to a statement from the Chi-
cago office of the Hippodrome circuit,
i which has something over 100 high-
cuiss acts signed for the season.
GRIP, inFLUEHZA
Hamlta'a Wizard Oil a KIUM,
t Antiseptic Prvntlv
During influenza epidemics tpray
tie aose and throat several times a
lay with one part Wizard Oil and
two parts water, using an atomizec
If you haven't an atomizer, gargla
the throat and snuff the mixture ua
the nose. This treatment seta up aa
antiseptic wall of -defense against
Flu" germs.
Chest, colds and sore throat lead
to grip,' Stop them at once with
Wizard Oil before they can develop
into dangerous influenza.
Get it from druggists for 30c If
not satisfied, return the bottle and
get your money back.
Ever constipated or have sict head
ache? Just try Wizard Liver Whips,
pleasant little pin!c fills, 30c at drug,
ipsts. Guaranteed
Diamonds Sold by Iilaill
If you are looking for diamond bar
gains. Write Me Today. I guarantee a
savins of from 25 to 33 per cent, be
sides 1 return SO per cent of the pur
chase price at any time within 12
months, that is if you care to sell the
stone- back to me. We accept Liberty
Bonds at face value on payment for
diamonds. Write today to any Bank
in Fhoeuix in regards to my responsi
bility. I do business with all of them.
MACK GARDNER Diamond Broker
45 No. Central Ave. Phoervix, Ariz.
REVIEW WANT ADS
6RING RESULTS
- PAY LESS
License No. G-16109
I I
1
SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1919.
News o f Social Circles
Bisbec 52 Es Warren E3 S3 Lowell
;',the home cf the Misses Edith and Ev
,e)yn Kennedy of Warren. This will
'.he the firt moetingaof the club on
S Mondays instead of Tuesday as here
tofore. The thanse was made at the
(this time in on'..-;- thai they may be
! counted anions ike v.ivixher at the an
' iiual .t :T!s.
last meeting.
Red Cross Workers . home in Tyrone. Mrs. C. E. Collwitzer
Carry on Tasks. j entertained "on Monday with three
Although the flub rooms of th! Ji-r-! table of hridge. On Wednesday Mrs.
gerviUe-Lowell chapter of ihe Kt-d! Vance Johnson had the following!
Cross has not been opened since the quests in for bridge: Mrs. Sam Kyle, j
quarantine, the work has net ceased. . M. Gibson. Mrs. J. T. Hoy,;
The chairman, Mrs. Tom Uuiler. so-1 Mrs. Henry Hcllis. Mrs. ThorlieT Ol-.
cures the work allotted to her and dirt-' sor- -Vrs- Vai -leenan. Mrs. E l Irvinjr.
tributes It rroi'i h.-r home to thee j sr- Walu-r O'Malley. Mrs. ivan Iur-'
who are still c;-iryis on. Th.rtyjS. --Irs. C. E. Collwitzer and Mrs.;
boys' shirts have been completed wiih-!- - I'air.
in tho past few d;.ys. one of the i
members. Mrs. Frank Sir.Hair. luis.'Miss Ctt.er Enter.sms.
kn
y
for
i Return From New York.
Mr. and Mrs. John Mason Ross re
turned from New York city last Thursday.
I The dinner served in the cafeieria
(Wednesday evening by the ladies or
ithe christian church was well patn.n
jlzed. The szoil. home cooked food
was much appreciated by those vvith
'out homes, who have recently been de
'nied the privilege afforded them at
hhe cr.foieria.
Coast Field of the V. W. C. A., held ;U
Los Angele January l'Vh. Mr. Hunt
, will give a detailed report of t-ie plans
adopted at this conference for the
year's woik at the ; rnua meeting or
the V. W. C. A. Tueday evening Feb
ruary 4th.
BENEFIT PROGRAM
HERE THIS WEEK
Mrs. C. K. II. int. treasurer of the
board of direr-tors, -was a delegate to
the Finance conference of the Pacific
The aitnu.il meeting cf t.he Y. W. C.
A. will be held Tuesday evening. Feb
ruary 4th at S o'clock. There will be
an election of board members tv fill
vacancies of thor-e whose terms cf of
fice have expired and fu"l reports of
the ye?rs work will he given. Th--1
members of the committee, Mrs. E. E.
EUinwocd. Mrs. ltichard Thomas. Miss
'Dorothy Circus and Mrs. A. W. Colton.
at a meeiirg this week, nominated
ladies to fill the vacancies and these
names are now posted upon the bul
letin hoard in the lobby of the Y. W.
C. A. Any ten members may sign ai
petition i?omiiiating candidate.
I whoso name may be presented to the'
'secretary of the Y. W. C. A. and will i
be posted upon the bulletin board.
The election will be by ballot upon the
evening of the annual meeting.
, The social committee is making ar-
rarpements for the evening's enter
tainment which will immediately fol
low the business session, A cordial
invitation is extended to every mem
ber of the association to come and en
joy the evening together.
Miss Doris Murray, a teacher In th
Public schools from Michigan is a re
cent arrival at the V. W. C. A.
At a meeting of the house girls club
cf the Y. W. C. A. last week. MLss
Jean Bertonneau was appointed chair
man. The members of Miss Rerton
neau's committee are Misses i'lamva,
Shrft. Hamiltog. Crean. Martin and
Ptopst.
f-o:- the
sk: Re!i
;erit-iit of the
a.-so; ii.t.ia,
. " . i ... . , ;i u ite.i : a-so; 11. :a, a cnanioie
united 140 pairs of soeki in this la- t . C p,Hr Queen cub room was a ; cnrt!li2ati H1 ,,,.k.h h,: Jone mach
rear besides giving time each wek j or gayety nJay evening when
or tne se.ag. j AiiiS ""t.ict bdt.er entente J her ; f
i cia.-s of little girls and friend's with a ... T . . .
Warren IMs
a chr.ritabie
:h
the
Many Enjcy Reception ; character parly. Many interesting
At V.rs. Shermin'a. fostutues wtre worn by ahe little folks.
Probablv the most notable of re-! mld the laughter and a profusion
cent Warren district social events was r PW ana confetti, the ehiiareu
,h r-fr.tinn - ivn ,v vrJ n.M ' "-:J. sang and luUmged in the many
Sherman last Friday afternoon. The
invited guests were the wives of Mr.
Sherman's associates in Copper Queen
mining activities. At the Country club
at a banquet given in honor of Mr.
Sherman recently, Mr. and Mrs. Sher
man were presented with a most beau
tiful chest of engraved silver.
function of Friday alteriioon recipro- j
rated the kindly feeling which origin- j
ally prompted the gU't. Mrs. John j
Osier, Mrs. Joseph Irving. Mrs. J. B.
gar.ie that childhood affords, until a j
lure hour. j
r 11:3 club room was effectively deco-!
'rated in pink Carnations, and from the j
: plus chandeliers Ftromera were!
: draped forming arches acioss the j
rorm. Punch vas served throughout '
phe j the evening and favors ot pink earna-.jj'
I Liuu wtrlti .niril. I
Tiic&e who enjoyed the evening!
were
Alice Ericsson. Lula Baldwin. Elsie j
Maye L.-l!.er Thomas.".:i English
ieachi-r uf expression, will ive dra
niati recital at the high school gym
naiiu.r. sti'Ttin at 8 o'clc:k. Ad
n:jziou will be. ZO cents.
Tiie piogram for the event will in
clude :
(a) Granny, (b) Out to Old Aunt
Mary's. Ui!ey (piano. Arkansas Trav
eler, Selected; Seienata, Mosckowski,
Plant-lie Campbell), Martha Cooper
and Amy Fenner.
Mia Caiiott.a (L-iIy), Helen McDon-
Tenny and Miss Rowe and Miss Gert-'
fa) The Blacksmith's Story (Olive).
Mildred and Lucille Charon, j V" J3"-'" " i""J.
tf- inn.itro on tiifln
Waterson. Elsie Phillips. Laura Eea-1 " . - r.
Tude Sherman assisted Mrs. Sherman ",a,.r' JLl' ci-oen. nuoa-, (Cocke) Nina
in receiving the guests, who came in garde Wangerman, Caroline Gerneth, sfs " ocke). N.aa
between tne nours oi 3 ana b. inose; I Rock of Ages. Ri
calling included ilesdames O. X. Al- " T. , ' II
vin, P. Andrews. John Black. G. H ';u',uc -"".n ,auer. mom
Dowell. F. Duval. W. J. Donahue. F. L. ! nflougb and Edith Applin. Miss But-
Davenport, Fitzpatrick, Simon Fraser.
H. C. Henrie. C. F.
Helen andi,, "Kr &vnx., jwii
Mona I oc , i . , hi. i in. v iiciaudiuj.,
stum -uae maes.
Robert McCartnej, H. F. Lyons. L. H.
IMoon, Chris. Marshall, James Manson.
WT. C. Main. George Mieyr. J. X. Osier.
Roger Pelton. X. W. Pronger. Jack
Radcliffe. T. Shikamura. J. Frank Sin
clair, A. L. Sinclair. J, S. Stewart. A.
M. Smock, J. B. Tenny, E. E. Ellin-
. wood. Watkins Thomas
Jfiss Hazel Rowe.
ler was assisted bv Misses Mav Hill.
Heisler. Joseph ! frothy Muat. Eraia and Alice Kelly,
t Blair.
Mrs. Pelton Has
Two Sets of Chain.
Mrs. Roger T. Pelton combined two
sets of chain parties on Friday- after
noon, asking the following ladies to !
Watkins and! come in for bridge: Mrs. J. E. Curry,
Mrs. E. E. Ellinwood,
' When Silence Was Golden tReed),
Martha Cooper.
The Soldier's Joy .lianks (piano ac
companist. Blanche Campbell), Amy
Fenner. - -
Playing the Society Eelle (Wilson),
Mary Hennessey.
The Swan Song .Meredith (violin.
Melody in D. Bull: The Swan Song..
Wagner), Helen McDonald.
Cupid and a Cadillac (Coote). Jean
nette Newman.
A Scandalized Virgin (Calhoun).
Chain Tea at Country Club.
Mr3. J. B. Tenny entertained a week
ago Saturday at the Country ciub with
Mrs. Arthur
1 Hnn'o Mr Plunn Ifnann M i-c T C '
, - " m-.w i ,ma f ay Stevens.
uyrnoci .vtrs. l. H Brougston Mrs. Was It the Sons or Jack? (Powers),
v . iiciuio " jane nuns. F am hP I'amnhell
zJMm LA"V'l
?S$rSZS& :ff fc S 51) j I? .' - :.- -
1 - - . !"- H ' mi . .1. ,i.,mt..ii iymi - f . ii .K m- ill i.,.. .fc ui. i I -
I ir- t n r -.. i -
a cnam tea tor tne loiiowins guests: . v. . ' tmiiy .Mcuonaia.
Mrs. T. O. McGrath. Mrs. Allie Sowle. ! "'-
le. Mrs.
Cat (Bawmann),'
Mrs. Arthur Xotman. Mrs. John True t and heT sister- Mrs
and Miss Helen True and Mrs. Tenny's Broughton poured tea.
mother, Mrs. Sims.
Brid;
j Mrs. Woods Holds
Bridge Chain Party.
The guests of Mrs. Wetencamp for i Another interesting chain party was
her chain party of last week were:! that of Mrs. Charles R. Woods on
Mrs. Bob Phillips. Mrs. Alexander Thursday afternoon. Those playing
The Battle Hymn. LKorner), Amv
Fenner.
T.' "r Graduating Essays (West),
Helvi McDonald and Jeannette Newman.
Murry. Mrs. A. T. Sowles, Mrs. O. W
Jiranden and Mrs. O. W. Saelid.
Twentieth Century Club
Hold Social Meetina.
The first social event or! the lwen- Hecfcman and Miss Jane Imn
bridge were: "Mrs. .Frank Wheeler,
Mrs. E. C. Campbell. Mrs. C. F. Willis, j
Mrs. A. J. Balmforth, Mrs. John Gra-'
ham Mitchell. Mrs. J. S. Dymock. Mrs.
clsing, Mrs. Heckman, Miss Madge
. Mrs.
tieth Century club calendar this year, j cods was assisted by her daughter,
wa3 the tea given last Tuesday after-; Mrs. Gallagher. Mrs. T. O. McGrath
noon at the Y. W. C. A. with Mrs. J. J. ' and Mrs. Cleon Knapp came in later
Jones and Mrs. Allie Wilson acting as to tea.
hostesses assisted by Mrs. John Bev-
ins, Mrs. Geo. Cobbe and Mrs. James
Blair. "An around the table talk" par
ticipated in by all. recalled to the
memories of several pioneers present
life in the early days of Bisbee and
pictured a bit ot local color for the
more recent comers. Another amusing
and interesting diversion was the iden
tifying of childhood pictures of each
guest. About 25 members enjoyed one
of the most successful social programs
the club has yet had. Delicious re
freshments of fruit saiad, cheese and
cake were served. Among those pres
ent were: Mesdames Arbuckle, Allan,
BarkelL Brakefield. Callison, Cutu
mings, Cochrane, Davenport, Durley,
Flannigan, - Glaze. Ross. Griffith,
Kicks. Hyde. McClellan, McRae,
Quick Sandtner. Smith, Snodgrass,
Spaulding, Teufert, Walker. Wickrem,
Williams. Bevins, Cobbe, Jones, Wil
son and Miss Angius.
Mrs. Hawes Entertains
In Honor of Mrs. Sieg.
Mrs. W. J. Sieg was the guest of
honor at a beautifully appointed tea
last week given by Mrs. L. E. Hawes
of Warren. Red carnations gave an
after-holiday brightness and the place
cards with kewpies writing le'ters and
favors of tiny suitcases appropriately
expressed the good wishes of the hos
tess and her guests. Mrs. Sieg and
her small son expect to join Mr. Sieg
in Cananea the first of Feornary,
where they will make their home.
Among those calling in the afternoon
were: Mesdames Tom Cowperthwait.
G. V. Chipperfield. Oscar Johnston.
Parmo Arntz and Mrs. J. E. Clark.
Methodist Ladies' Aid
Plan Bazaar.
The Ladies' Aid of the Methodist
church were entertained at the home
of Mrs. Leo. Warmington. Final plans
for the clothing bazaar to be held
April the twelfth were made and cr
ders for sewing, it was decided, will
he taken now. Mrs. Glanville, Mrs.
Deborah and Mrs. Ikler assisted the
hostesses in entertaining. - Among
those who attended were: Mesdames
C. W. Allan, Baldwin. D. C. Charon,
llaup. Cochrane, Harry Cvinpton, C.
W. Hicks. Ickler. Geo. Perry. C. W.
Ruth, Deborah. Glanriile. Wacek and
Miss Roberta Berry. The meeting on
Baptist Ladies' Aid
To Sell Cooked Foods.
The Ladies' Aid society cf the Bap
tist church ' met at the church last
week and decided to. hold a sale of
home cooked food each Saturday at
Angius grocery store. Among those
who attended were: Mesdames J. R.
Adams, A. E. Kent. J. A. Plunkett, P.
R. Beamer, H. L. Hall, C. S. Low, E.
M. Whitaker, R. C. Owens, J. V. Fer
ron, M. L. Butler, T. H..Mayberry, W.
E. Oxsheer, H. E. Morgan and Mrs. W.
D. Bryan. Mrs. Beamer and Mrs. May
berry w ill be the hostesses next Thurs
day at the church.
Lieut. Yakum Leaves.
Lieut. Emil Yoakum, who has re
ceived his discharge from the United
States army, will leave very shortly
for the coast after a fortnight visit
with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jesse
Yoakum. " j
Leave for California.
Mrs. George Bridge departed for the
coast last Thursday to be away a
week or ten days.
Visiting in Phoenix.
Mrs. P. A. Hills, who was Miss
Madge Chapman before her marriage
a couple of months ago, has left for
Phoenix to be away several days.
Many Enjoy Party
At Country Club.
There was a large attendance at the
Country club on Saturday afternoon.
With more of our typical Arizona
weather these card parties for the
blind fund will increase in popularity.
Mrs. Joseph Irvfng and Mrs. Cleon
Knapp were the hostesses last week.
Among the hostesses entertaining
w ith tables for chaTn card parties were
Mrs. Henry Hollis. Mrs. Arthur Houle,
Mrs. J. S. Dymock. Mrs. W. B. Goh
rintr. Mrs. C. M. Lynn and Miss Jane
Irving.
RED CROSS IN NEED
OF LOCAL WORKERS
Contrary to the popular belief Red
Crass workers are neeJed now as
much as during the war. .'This was
made piain by Mrs. Belle MoCabe. as
sistant secretary of the local chapter,
who in a letter to The Review said
in part:
"With the cessation of hostilities
there has come a. reaction among the
women workers of the Red Cross who
seem not to realize that there is still
a pressing need for their services in
the sewing rooms.
"They have responded so freely
heretofore I believe that they need
tut to know of this urgent call and
they will volunteer, as in the past,
and bear their part in this work of
reconstruction, 'clothing the naked
bodies cf war-stricken Europe.' "
The Red Cross sewing rooms in the
Warren district will observe the fol
lowing . schedule :
Sewing Rooms.
Elks' Club Open all days except
Saturday; Monday, from 1 to 5 p. m.;
Tuesday. Wednesday, Thursday, Fri
day, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Garfield School Open, Wednesdays
and Thursdays, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Lowell School Open. Wednesdays,
10 -a. m. to 4 p. m.
Warren Room Open, daily except
Saturday. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Y. W. OA. Notes
The .house irls will hold their regu
lar devotional service Sunday morning
at 10:S0 in the blue room.
Mrs. John J. Lane, state survey
nurse of the Anti-Tuberculosis associ
ation with headquarters at Phoenix,
Ariz., is stopping at the Y. W. C. A.
Mrs. Lane is working along educa
tional lines in connection with social
and personal hygiene. This splendid
worlf is everywhere adding to the mor
ale of the communities at large and is
one of the important branches of reconstruction.
St. John's Guild
Spends Social Hour.
Miss Alice Shaft, who is employed
at the C. & A. office, recently returned
from El Paso where she underwent an
I operation. Miss Shaft is recovering
her strength and will soon be able to
return to her duties.
n v r x'L-: o .,iya":.r; "ai dub-conducted by m.
-""" """" "aa Gill and Miss Hale's folk dancing
Aftp.h h0 -M- Armstron'; class upon Monday evenings are well
Arter the business meeting a soc.al ; attended. This is a splendid oppor
hour was spent in getting better ac-:. ..- r i j .V.
January thirteent h is to be at thejquainted with the new members and I desiring physical culture, as the in
home of Mrs. C. W. Hicks on Mason I guests. Refreshments were served, t ot-.t;Lf ,.
hill.
Evening Party is
Enjoyable Affair.
A very ni"e affair of last week was
an evening party given by Mr. and
Mrs. Thorlief Olson. About 18 guests
came in and among them were: Mr.
nd Mrs. Sam Frankenberg. Mr. and
Mrs. J. Fred Ryan. Mr. and. Mrs. J.
P. Connolly, Mr. and Mrs. L. L. Gil
roan, Mr. and Mrs. Vance Johnson,
Mrs. Klein. Miss Chilson. Min Fallow.
Fred Sutter and Joe Uic.
Several Entertain for
New Mexico Visitor.
Several affairs complimentary to
Mrs. J. If. O'Brien were given last
week before her. departure for her
S"'-1- neiresnineiUS were ServeO. afrnrtirm aro amnno- iho luct .lAn.
Among those present were Mesdames Ithesp linq
wetencamp. I. L. Berrien. E. E.
White. RoV Benton. Allie Wilson.
James Blair. F. E. Bennett. Wickem.
Brakefield. J. W. F. Smith. Kyle. Sul
livan. Patton. Fruits. M. S. Bennett.
There will be an "every member"
campaign at the Y. W. C. A. this
wek. when each member of the as
sociation win re requested to secure
at
Frank Salmon. Long. Armstrong, and lone or more members. Those whose
Miss Sutherland. Miss Duggan and memberships have expired are asked
f imm A .-rrrt u f wrr. rr m . A . 1. ,.11 1 t , . l , .
nuiiouuus awi i itiuuH ing . in ieaj give in ineir renewals
guests: Mesdames Charles Roberts.
Miyne. Parnell. and Monroe and Mrs.
Burns of Fon du Lae, Wis. The rector,
the Rev. Jacob M. White, was also
present. The next meeting in with
Mrs. Brittle ot Mason bill.
Anona Club to Meet. i
The regular meeting of the Anona
ill be held Monday afternoon at
club
Mrs. Jones Ishen
VOICE BUILDING, TONE PRO
DUCTION and the ART OF SING
ING. From the beginning to the
highest perfection. Free voice trial.
JPhone Green 721 for appointment.
I
Don't try to save money buying cheap or
big-can Baking Powders. You can't do it You'll
throw out more in spoiled bakings than you save on price of the
powder. And don't think that old style high priced powders are
best because they cost most They are not.
17-
I A
ffiM mm
m m lb ml mI
IF WWJ W 'EOS
v4 4
v ' m iMi i ii - m
H -!
has proved in millions of bake-day tests that it is the best baking
powder ever made that's luhy it is the biggest selling baking powder in Jhe
world today. No other baking powder makes such tempt
ingly good tender, wholesome bakings. No powder of anywhere near
me same quality is soia at sucn a low price.
You use less of Calumet because it is the high
est grade baking powder. One teaspoonful is equal to two
of most other brands.
And there is no "luck" about it when you use
Calumet No loss. It is absolutely sure. It is the most
economical of all. Millions of housewives use it and so do leading
domestic science teachers and cooking experts.
j
You save when you buy it You save when you use it
Calumet contains only, such ingredients as have
been approved officially by U. S. Food Authorities. Made in
world's largest, finest, most sanitary baking powder factory.
QUALITY
AWARDS
m
h33 . Vfi!?i fisr I
liMM HIGHEST THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1919.
SEVEN
V
i
- 5
. i
.
i
!
)
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this Lead at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach
The Review ofiice not later than 8 p. ni. lor insertion the next morning.
Male Help Wanted
"WANTED Experienced help for tail
oring. Only first class tailoress need
apply. . Must understand the work.
Fruitman's Fashion shop, Main
street. 73
Positions W anted
WANTED Experienced woman wants
work by day or hour. Address Box
2546, Bisbee. 182
Lost
LOST Between - Buxton-Smith's and
French's on 'Main street, one pair'
gold rimmed glasses in case. Re-1
tirn to llUXtOn-femitn S ana receive I
.V.fd.
186
LC"T-White female Spitz dog. right j
eye out. w. . rxrwooa, lu.iem-ipQD
by avenue. Reward.
121i
ii;Tijrpi riiamnnrf in star nrnn
ixjm iarge aiamona m fatar canyon. ,
pi-Ja. n!caa rotni-n tn P O Rnri
j-muer piease return 10 r. J- rsox
2207, Bisbee, for reward.
58 1
Found
FOUND Pair of kid gloves. Owner
Tvinc nr thf nHv0rtimnt
143
For Sale
FOR SALE One five-passenger
Dodge car in perfect mechanical con
dition. Bargain. . Arizona Motor
company, just below Custom House
stop. Phone 194. ', 170
FOR SALE Dodge car, good condi
tion. ?500. Call at Torrea's slaughter
house. J. Stern. . 175
FOR SALE $250 cash or bonds, buys
practically new modern four-room
house and bath, two lots, good yard
and outbuildings, Warren. Call Red
743. "158
, : 177. o
FOR SALE Cheap if taken-today. Set
of junior classics; also bicycle. Call
Sunday, 6 Quality hill. 181
FOR SALE Four room house and
furniture, good garage and oat-
houses, large lot well fence near
school. Part cash, balance $25 per
month. This I3 a bargain. Box .607,
Bisbee. 153
FOR SALE Seven passenger Stude-
baker, good as new. This is the best
buy in Bisbee. Part cash, balance
easy terms.. See W. L. Smart, the
Chevrolet man, or address Box 607,
Bisbee.
152
FOR SALE Ford, perfect A-l condJ-
tion. Liberty bonds and stamps ac-
cepted. Brooks Garage,- O. K.
street. ' -. 150
FOR SALE A Lozier car, cost-f 5800.
Sale cheap. 143 Opera Drive, John
Nicolich.';" -154
FOR SALE Sixteen room room me
house, completely furnished. Apply
Hogan & Seed. Phone 10.
FOR SALE: Five room house and
bath, furnished or unfurnished. A.
Whitmer, Douglas street, Warren.
Part cash. . 123
FOR SALE Ford touring car, A-l con- -diticn,
cheap. At Ford tiarage, John- . ,
son addition. 60
FOR SALE One four room house
Gypsun block house. Douglas street,
filth house from Warren deit.
Owner home from 5 to 7. 56
FOR SALE Furniture for five room
houe. 62 A Brewery Galch. SI
FOR SALE Will sell my household,
goods, five rooms complete, fumed !
oak and of A-l quality, if taken as
they stani Buyer has privilege of
renting house, one of best in city
and very desirable location, garage
with house. Address, G. E. N., care
Review. dh-tf
FOR SALE Two lots on Oregon !
street, one on Chicago avenue, Lo-!
well, Johnson addition, each 30x60
feet. Address M. J. Greenan, Oak
land, Calif, General delivery. 875
FOR SALE Uncalled for suits. M.
Levin, Lowell, Ariz. 597
FOR SALE OR RENT Four room !
house, Warren, good location, large :
lot; or will rent for six months to
responsib.e party. J. L. Winters.
J
FOR SALE Hand sMjraely furnishea
four room house in Warren. S500
ca3h, balance monthly
payments
Box 752, Warren.
116
FOR SALE What tools and stock
that I ov.n in the city blacksmith
shop. Jason Clement. 106
FOR SALE Six room furnished
house, cabin, sheds, good invest- i
ment. terms. - Alo cement house,
, 1 ,
R. Johuson, Black
ren n- .
it-(
lare lot. W.
aoo street. Warren. ll
FOR SALE Lots 6 and 7, block U.
Don Luis. W. R. Johnson, Warren.
113
l
For Rent
FOR RENT Kurni?hd
eentlemen. 14 Brooks
O. K. street.
room, two
apartments.
175
FOR SALE Twelve room apartment
house completely furnished. Pri'je
reasonaolc. 1C3 Opera Drive. Phone
Blue 711. , - lZi
FOR RENT Niely furnished four
room Lo:;se in Warren. Reater must
luv the furniture therein. Phinie
T18. IZZ
1 .
FOR RENT 1 n.t acres iieitr Don L.!i.
four r-or:i Loii.-e. barn and riiall
orfl.arri. S.-p Gus H-iigb.-r, .Main
strtut, liibbee. 163
For Rent
FOR RENT Two furnished light
housekeeping rooms, sink in kitchen.
Back of Brewery Gulch lumber yard,
61 Wabash avenue. 1S3
FOR RENT Large furnished house -
keeping, sleeping or batching rooms.
Customs House. Phone Rad 771. 178
FOR RENT Two rooni3 partly furn-'
ished. 187 Naco road, Holbrook
stop.
179
i FOR RENT Two unfurnished rooms,
j 221 Brophy avenue. 176
FOR RE'.TT Two housekeeping
rooms. 10 Quality hill. 177
FOR RENT Furnished rnnm in nrlv.
ate family. No. 7 Oak street, across
.from cont.
162
RENT Garaae
Dr. Teufert,
Tombstone canyon, end car line. 160
,-,. , ,
por revt Fnm shH mnm tnr pati.
7 :
tlemen. Rfnarat enfranro s .no-.
45
gerville.
161 :
FOR RENT Apartment, unfurnished.
O K street abovo Pvthian Pautle
v ,q 8treet above 7tbiSin C i -e.'
FOR RENT Seven room unfurnished
house, Navajo trail. Warren.
& Seed. Phone 10.
Hoean
129
FOR RENT One room.
153
Opera
Drive.
148
FOR
ppvTHnt
41-B O. K. street.
151
FOR KENT
Jiggerville.
Rooms, at Mrs. Ross, 83
143
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. Stag club. 144
onn oc...T ' r '
n ? 11 .1foue-ir ln-
many nail Un6bl00d r T
" 143
FOR RENT Nice furnished apart-'
ments, over Odam motor garage, '
?aco road. Inquire apartment 1. '
11 14S
; : ' til
FOR RENT Three rooms, 115. 90
nicago avenue, Johnson addition. !
128
FOR RENT-Boarding house furnish-
ea. i;au alter 4 p. m.
avenue. Phone 491.
162 Temby
13o
FOR RENT Furnished rooms. Broad-'
way rooming house. 127
'- : ,
FOR RENT Garage, $5 month. Ap- j
Py David Playfair, 98 Mason hill.
Phone Blue 647. 97
,FOR RENT Two or four furnished
housekeeping rooms. 14 Laundry
Shearer.
'
uit RE-yT Sleeping rooms, Belmont
nouse, bock of Fair store. 75
FOR RENT Four rooms and bath,
concrete Tiouse. No children: L. Rr
Allen, Locklin avenue. 865
FOR RENT Large office room, good
location. Apply to M. C..Hih. real
estate.- Office, Allen block. 575
FOR
RENT Two nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms. 12 Jiggerville.
114
Wanted
WANTED Dishes., linoleum, stove
iurruture, etc. O
Review.
ISO -
WANTED Place for boy 3 years of
age in good family, where father can
board and rnnm rh;i m0. , .,,
ared f0r' -Q- c re Review. 156
WANTED TO BUY Linoleum, chairs
and davenport. X X, Review.
121
Miscellaneous
MINES-O claims, near railroad, Das
Cabezas celebrated rich gold ridge.
Value reaches millions; large
amount, good record, famous for
years. Gold, silver in large propor
tions. H. P., Box 418. Willcox. Ari
zona. . 159
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
From J2 up. All corsets carefully
fitted. Ines Warburton, next Ari
zona Grocery store, upper Main. 433
WRITE TO -v. m. r. A srhnni
Angeles,- about Auto, Radio. Com-
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train, for service "63
cw t, . . .
Phone 739. City Dye Works. 604
: : :
- Mnnov tA A9n
'required
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per-!
sonal note to salaried men and wo-
men, also on furniture. Cox Loan
company. Room 7, Sparks Kline
building. 166 .
' ,
A " . r . j . i
.fgcnLs tv &niea
:THVATir t tcv nv TiiFn!fncvlerwi3C' within 30 days or judgment
ult';Nut J-Ir t. Oh IHLOUOKb . . . . tak-piu fr-Ji. vnu
KOOSEVELT By William Draper ty defauIt w De taKcn s-l"st ou
t,.h0 r-..i ,1 D..,. . according to the prayer of said com-
Lr-.vis rnlnnol Rnncovoi.-. in.;m,.0 ;
political associate and friend. Intro-
c-uced by ex-President Taft. Fullv I
iilastrated. Low price. Enormou
chniand funrfr. mn,,.
ity. Literal terms. Outfit frea. ;
I'liivtrsal House. Philadelphia. 16t?l
TAILORING AGENTS Men's made
t'.i Ort!or suits. Snappiest, best materials-.
Prices lower than others.
Hustlers earn big money. Spring
line sert free. Leeds Woolen Aiills.
Chi 167
LIKL OF ROOSEVELT Introduced
'v fx-Prcsiilent Tatt. - HISTORY J
WORLD WAR. ittroduc ei by Gtu-
oul Marvh. Only two rrliubio au- f
trn tic-books. Bt'-pest teruis. Out
li'; free. Historiral Book company.
Chi'-aco. 1C3
RAILWAY MAIL CLERK Exaniina
U'ju coming boon. Men 16 to 40 pre-
HfiUF fjFUFR SFFN
ilWVTHilJR IIKP IT"
mi I I II 1 II U LIHL II i
Corrick Gains Sixteen Pounds
in Less Than 30 Days
by Taking Tanlac
;
( '
William Carnck, for many years a
j resident of Tacoma, Wash., is now a
citizen of Hunter, Mo. hile en route
to his future home in Hunter, recently,
Mr. Carrick called at the Owl Diur
store in Kansas City, purchased two
bottles' of Taniac and maae a state
ment regarding his experience with
the meaicine that will te of interest
to ail s uttering people.
T have" never seen anything," said
Mr. Carrick, 'sell like Tanlac is sell-
inS u on the Pacific coast, around
where I lived. A friend of mine actu
ally went 75 miles one day to get a
bottle and knowing what I do about
it now, I believe I would do the same
thing, rather than be without it. When
T . i
"a- BWifieu uiuug it l uau ill Lie
... u j j, v....
it
Jig-,idea it would do me any good, but
when I tell you I have gained 16
. pounds in less than 30 days and am
iu wuin. iur iuc mai uiue iu
months, you can understand why 1
i talk like I do about it.
Something lake a year ago my ap-
petite went back on me and my stem
ach got in such a bad fix that nothing
I would eat seemed to do me any good.
My food would sour soon after meals
and' keep me belching up sour gas for
hora- 1 suffered terrible pain about
my stomach all the time and at times
I would turn so deathly sick that I
could hardly retain a thing I had
eaten. I dropped off 27 pounds in
weight and hardly had strength to
raise my hands, and was so nervous
for almost six weeks that I hardly
slept at all. I finally got down flat
on my back in bed-couldn't take a bit
of nourishment except a little milk-
and for five weeks I thought sure I
would never pull through.
"l was stopping -with my nephew in
Tacoma at this time, and as he had
seen Tanlac recommended so highly
he went down and got a bottle for me.
Well. sir. by the time I finished my
first bottle I was on my feet and feel-
ing like a different man. My appetite
7 ntn 17
Cver since I finished my second bot-
fl(i I havA hppn fpplinf ctrnn v and fino
as 'ou Please. The. sourness, gas and
pam h&s le" niytomach enUrely and
nothing Is barred from my diet. It
'as about the close of spring when
Tanlac straightened me up and I work-
ed every day this summer, at my trade
as carpenter, and have felt fine all
the time. I don't believe Ieverenjoyed
better health than I do now. I have
personally recommended Tanlac to
hundreds of people and as I was pass
ing through here today, I stopped in to
get two bottles to carry down to Hun
ter with me, because I don't want to
be without it," - -
Tanlac is sold in Eisree Uy J. M.
Ball, In Douglas by Douglas Drug com
pany, in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in
uowie by Bowie Drug company, m Stn
Simon by .'. B. Cooke, in Wilcox b
A. A. Nicholson, in Lowell by Lowell
Drug company, in Benson by C. F
Moss Pharmacy, in Glcescn by B. A
Taylor, in Warren by Warren Pharm
acy, in Pearce by B. A. Taylor, in
Tombstone by Boyd's Drug store, an-1
in McNenl by McNeal Mercantile coil!
iany.
pare for it and other government
"exams" under our expert, former
government examiner. Thousands
cf, men and women, 16 to 60, needed
in reconstruction period ahead.
Wrice today for free booklet "MC."
Patterson Civil Service School,
Rochester. N. Y. 168
WHY ARE HIGHEST GOVERNMENT
OFFICIALS ordering our war book
with special exclusive feature. 72
sales in one day. Wake up. Get
the news. Also Roosevelt book. H.
L. Baldwin company, Rocketeller
building, Cleveland. Ohio. 169
Legal Notices.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT IN THE
COUNTY OF COCHISE, STATE OF
ARIZONA-2717.
Maria Beltram, de Duna, plaintiff,
vs- William John Dunn, defendant.
' Actlo brouebt in the Superior
Vuu"0i i 0 ..-' , .
County of Cochise and the
. t
8aia Superior Court.
Tne State of Arizona Sends Greeting:
William John Dunn you are hereby
to. appear in an action
brought aeainst you by the above
uauieu i'""" ia lu superior uuri
of tne State of Arizona, in and for the
bounty of Cochise, and to answer the
complaint filed therein within 20 days
(exclusive of the day of service) aft-
er the service on you of this sum-
mons (it served within the county, oth-
"U'S " uie prajer 01 sum com-
p . , . ,
Given under my hand and the st-al
f the Supenor Court ot the State of
Arizona, in and for the County of Co-
chise. thi3 2Cth day of August in the
year of our Lord, one thousand nine
j hundred and eighteen
JSc-al)
J. E. JAMES. C!trk.
By H. P. JOIi:
SON, Deputy Clerk.
n
ITTLE PIGS MAKE
BIG PROFITS I
I
Tfcr it d T 7C will
:iWiit nut:- start TOU
kar km ai) la Kl nalhl ua
dr nHilary fr "litn.
If you wlla fr 'a-
vM.Hdai it:lap . iavt ia
Cmlifr
mi a. under
kr ivM ovr aw ravaariac " rr
a. ativa vlaa.
WrHa Wdr for foil rtirw1r.
THE ASSOCIATED SWINE BREEDERS
Ot) F1or Flatiraa BM.
544 Market M
J - Saa Fiafiaca.
!'!
lining and Financial News
L
8Y REVIEW
YORK, Jan. 25. Unusual
excitement and activity attended the
tpeiiing of today's stock market as a
result of last, night's action of the
ioc.il money committee in removing
practically ail restrictions upon
credits.
Leading shares opened at gains of 1
to 2 points, tnese in se.ari cases be-
"C '' yU' Cl lllfeO
tXiiausteu itselt. Realizing for proms
then ensued and advances were soon
cancelled, the net result, in tact,
suoiug aome material losses.
Taking the course of today's session
-a a guide, it would seem that tne re-
auli of tu6 money cuinimttee s acnou
uad oeen widely discounted in tfte
1 Tl rr f k 1 .1 ri . .ii ruil nra t- hn.t r. ,,
u-oueraie gains 01 uie p,ece -iug days,
lu part, however, touay 3 setoack
was attriouted to renewed weakness
ui isrooklyn Transit, which dropped
to within a fraction of its lowest rec
ord and a sharp breaK in Mexican
etroieum. Consolidated Gas also
weakened, probably in sympatny with
irooniyn Transit and numerous spe
cialties iorteited temporary gains of
1 to 3 points, the market closing with
an unsettled tone.
Sales. 425,000 shares.
The bank statement disclosed an
actual decrease of almost $31,500,000
in loans and a decrease of J1S,500,000
m excess reserves, other items show
ing no material alteration.
Bonds were steady, the setback in
i.he stock list having no effect. Total
sdles, par value, aggregated $4,950,000.
-id United States bonds were un
iiuiitjed on call during the week.
COPPER MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 25. The copper
-iiarket bas remained very quiet dur
ing the past week. Large producers
-tie still holding electrolytic at ?23.
but offering .to guarantee buyers
against any cut in their own quota
tions, while some) of the smaller
Handlers are quoting $19 to $20 with
out securing much business.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 25 Cotton closed
steady at a net advance of 43 to 63
points.
Closing quotations January 25, 1919.
(L. J. Overlook. Broker)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda .... 59
Amn. Can.
Amn. &t
Amn. Loco
""in. Smelters
Baldwin
Beth. B
46
90 ?s
60 "s
71 s4
70 i
60 T8
C & 0 55
C. F. & I.
37
158U
5STa
54
52
Canadian Pacific
Central Leather
Crucible
Distillers
Erie ... .,
16,
Goodrich 51
General Motors
Ind. Alcohol ...
Lackawanna ...
Marine
Marine pfd. . . .
Mid vale
124
102 ;
67
24
103 13
Mexican Petroleum 171!$
N. Y. C. .
73
91 si
7SV4
75
74
4S
91
115U
39 i
934
1S9
34-s
12S
Northern Pacific
Reading
Rubber
Republic Steel
StudeSaker ...
Steel
Steel pfd ..
St. Paul
Southern Pacific
esas Oil I
Sinclair Oil
U. S. M
45
Cnited Motors n
Westinghouse 417.
BOSTON.
adventure J 3
Allouez 43
Alaska ..
z Coinl.
Butte ...
& A. .
C. & H. .
C. Range
3 -4 t
life'
IS
0
435
42H
chino ; 33
Chile
IS
1'4
76
E. Butte
Granby .
G. Can.
44
Goldtield 23
Hancock
Indiana
3', 4
10
inspiration 447s:
Kennecott
Keweenaw
Lake ...
I-a Salle
Miami ...
Mohawk .
Mayflower
95 j
2?
23-s I
51 hi S
!
t
Nevada 17
N. Butte 101;
Nip
Old Dom
Osceola
Pond Ck. 1!
Quincy
Kay Con
Shattuck
Shannon
Superior Bostou
St. Marys
Utah Copper
Utah Con
Winona
CURBS.
A. &. A
Ariz, l-.iu-,'
lVO
Don't Let Catarrh
You
VAlH Ifa TllnnrnM... O I
There is a more serious stage of
latarrh than the annoyance caused
l y the stopped-up air passages, and
tne hawking and srittinr and other
U..ta;ieful feature.-I
Th.j real t'aner ccmes from the
tcr.uency if the disease to continue
jis course downward until the lungs
become aiTact-sd, r-nj then drendoil
I ionsumption iz en your path. Your
! own rxnerSnrc has tnuht -c?i thst
i LLe die taaagt i jL-4 by
53 ; I
LfcASED WIRE
Big Ledge
Butte & London 18
Cal. & Jer. .
Cornelia
Con. Copper .
Con. Ariz. ...
Cosden
Cresson Gold
16 j
18 1
18
5
17
Denn
t . . . J .
UlUUCf 8
Emma 4
Federal Oil 2
Gadsden 3
Green Monster
Globe Dom , g
Grand Island '22
tiuil 40
! Howe Sound 3
7,
j Hecla 44
iron Caps 15
J. Verde . v
Magma Copper 28
Miami Con 7
Mines of America
Okmulgee 2
Porphyry ... . 80
Ray Here 24
Tom Reed 167
Tuolomne
85
34
U. Eastern
Verde Ex
Verde Combn. .
Wol. Ariz
West End
Wright Martin
1M.
3
OATMAN.
(Py Collins & Bretherton.)
Argo .05
Adams 03
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R 03
.06
.04
.15
.04
.02
.02
.04
.03
.15
.04
.06
.12
1.67
4.25
.04
.20
3.00
.44
.15
.87
.04
.44
.16
.12
.40
.IS
2.00
.87
.07
.22
.50
.40
6.1S
.SO
.50
.12
Big Jim Con.
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore 03
Gold Road Bon .02
Gold Cliff I
Lucky Boy 03
Sunnyside ...... .05
Telluride 10
Tom Reed 1.65
United Eastern 4.00
United Western 02
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 2.S7
Green Monster 37
Butte London 14
Dundee 75
Venture Hill 02
Jerome Verde 37
Ark-Arizona ... 14
Ins-Needles .06
Hull Copper 33
Magma Chief 06
Wolv-Arizona 1.S7
Verde Combination . . ... . .70
Miami Consolidated ...... .05
Grand Island 20
Verde Squaw
Nacozari Consolidated ...
Con. Cop. Mines 6.12
Porphyry 50
Cal. & Jerome 44
Feather River
Flavors in Vials
In Jiffy-Jell the
flavor com in bquld
form, in vials. They
are made from fresh,
ripe fruit. They five
to Jiffy-Jell desserts
a wealth of fresh
fruit taste.
With Jiffy. Jell yon
can make a delicious
dessert ia an instant.
It comes ready
sweetened, so it saves
your sugar. And it
costs bat trifle. A
single pscksre
serves six.
There are 10 flavors, bat we sag.
gest Loganberry or Pineapple. Try
4t today. It will bring you a new
conception of gelatine desserts.
ere fr 2S Cent
A Yomr Crwtr't
Jiffy-Jell Wauketb. Wiee
tTTJ.
IS BACK AT
THE OLD STAND
BROPHY GARAGE
and Supply Co.
3tmm -cxwntrrfbtja
Drag
into Consitmnfinri
. . ....
pprr.ys, inhalers, atomizers.
jellies
n J . U . 1 1
S. S. S. has proven a most satisfac
tory remedy for Catarrh because it
gees direct to its source, and re
trieves the germs of the disease from
ih: lleoj Get a bottle from your
drurif.t today, and bopin the only
kj.cal trcatr.cnt that pives real ro
:;ult5. You c.n o'otain special medical
r.drioe without charge by Titing ta
?Jival Diroc;or, 27 Swift Labora
tory, AUanta, Ga,
"CURLEY"
49
U i I lMltm 2 LADDER !
" ! f Vi I'ilih n V r Oil W
ITS
!
The Corporation Commission does not recommend the stocks, bonds or
other securities offered for sale by this nor any other company. (This
clause is required by commission on all stock adv. in Arizona)
"When you have waited to see how a stock pans out,
you will have to pay a premium on it and will have lost
the biggest advance on its value" This is one of those
sage epigrams of Jay Gould, that have enriched the lit
erature of business It was spoken a generation ago,
but the wisdom in it goes marching on It will quicken
the wise investor and prompt him to take stock with the
United States Oil & Refining Cn.
I
at 20c
NOW Just on the eve of the resumption of drilling.
All material for a new derrick, a standard drilling rig.
casing, etc., have been secured and ours is a PROVEN
property in the Bowie Field.
Mr. J. O. Tonkin, general manager of the company,
left yesterday for the company's property to oversee the
construction of the derrick and installation of the new
stand and drilling rig. This work will be pushed rapidly
and when the drill begins to drop it will be but a short
route to the oil zone that we have already located. Then .
watch the stampede to the Bowie Oil Basin.
Mark that word PROVEN A stratum of high-grade
paraffin base oil sands already pierced, justifies its use.
Sit up and watch this 20 cent stock ihove UP while the
drill moves DOWN. Both movements will be swift and
sure-;-The drill at 25 to 40 feet a day; the stock well,
its up to you to watch the stock, but buy, a telescope
and get into the grand stand at 20 cents before the rush.
P S- Yesterday, a bill was introduced in the Arizona
Senate providing a bonus of $1 0,000.00 to the first com
pany or individual that will bring in a 50 barrel oil well.
It is bound to pass. N
WE ARE GOING TO GET THAT TEN THOUSAND
DOLLARS. WATCH US.
Buy now, there is only a limited amount at 20 cents.
I
Tonkin & Caulfield
Sasses
CITY DYE WORKS
Geaning & Pressinj
1 or
Phone 739.
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
MONEY TO LOAN
watches. Diamonds. Jewelry. Etc
liable House 19 Branch Stores
United Loan Jswelry Co-
BISBEE
BREWERY GULCH
Chicken Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED COMFY
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 23S
C H. H0GAH
Office Belovw
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phons 121
Office Belovw
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
CH HOGAK
KewTailoring
DEPARTMENT
We do our own designing and
cutting, and try on each garment
betot completed, which assorts
a perfect fit. Alterations. Coin
ing, pressing and repairing ntatly
dsne-
H. MICHAELS, Taiilor,
With Miller Shirt and Hat Shcp
Main St Bisbee
I
I
per
Collins 6c Bretherton
Jacks Bldg.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
1
li
J A Trial Solc ted Prompt Deliver)
Standard Laundry
FOR 'QUALITY AND SERVICE'
A OWERS. Mgr. Bakervtl
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER
STORAGF & COAl CO
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS Jack Bldg., Main Street
Phone 2G Box 1129
PIANO LESSONS
s.:ve: hy graduate of Sasees Acad
emy. New YciU. Thorough and cor
ice: i;s:nut'o:i tor beginners or
advanced scholars miaranteed.
MfS. MARQUETTE
Oira Hiixe On. Sc'iool
Share
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS EIGHT
THE BISBEE "DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 26, 1919.
CITY BRIEFS
Has any cue yisited you? Or have
you entertained? If so, call The
Review Society Editor, Black CSL
HERNANDEZ HELD FOR
' ter with th Copper Queen tomorrow.
I
maker for the Phelps Ikwlse corpora-'' in the new Odd Fellows' hall. The new
, tion. Copper Queen branch. W. M. ' off ieers are Mrs. Rose Sealey, past
v , i. i . . -l' owu -i.i ' LFv rii i; y '.uumiaiiuri , .1113. c.ld, . .1 1 ! I . ( Ulir j
'charged from the service recently, mandcr; Mrs. Helen Brownlee, lien- f 1 I I II fl T r OlininnT
tair, Fergeant; Mrs. Man.' G. Ashhy, j " w vi
finance auditor; Mrs. Sarah Reynolds
MRS HUMPHRIES it i record keener: Mrs. Crace Grant, ladv
Mrs. Isaac Huinr.hries is ill at her at arms; Mrs. Ada Lobh, picket; Mrs. m failure to support his wi.e and
home in Warren. Gertrude Graves, sentinel, and Mrs. j the nonchalant manner in which h,e
Fred Attaway ha been taken to the! i Iowe' aP'aui. .Mrs. juua luoie j .w.ir; u 1 u-
undergo an opera-! BREAKS ARM. jas me installing omcer. ouowing ie uijcci, .sinus eweuce ci
j Suim.er launie, son of Mr. and Mrs. : the installation refreshments were j his failure to realize the .rormity oT
I Charles Uaurae of Warren, received a served. j his offense, cause 1 the biiinc over
! broken ri-'ht arm vesterday when a i 1 of Roman Hernandez, a Mexican
roauy on account or material Dems
delayed in shipment. II. C. Common,
paster.
1
TAKEN TO HOSPITAL.
C. & A. hospital to
ticn.
PRESBYTERIAN.
Sunday sihotd. !:4 a. in.: moraine
worship. 11 a. in., discourse by IV. R.
M. Biome of the Pi bee high school.
On account of the absence of the pas
tor from the city the recular evening
service be di?:.ii!ir.u.nl. Allrth
Krichbanm. past nr.
City Hall Thursday, January ."'. 1919.
S o'clock p. m. The presence of every
member is earnestly requested, as
matters of vital i'-vpoi tance will come
up for action, besides election of officers.
a. m. to
Daniels.
ISt
attend funeral of Brother
SAM VKRUAC. C. .f U.
IV. PiajTalr, tteop-'tn, 9S Mason
Hill, Mr.soo car stop. Phone Ul.ie 647.
Wanted to buy, second hand clothes.
Phone 47. 34
GOES TO REDLANDS.
C. S. Wilson will leave tonight
Redlands, Calif.
for , . ...v
OVER FRCM DOUGLAS. !
Mr and Mrs. K. G. U iacan of Doug
las were ii the city ycsteiJay.
takTired.
AUTO CLASS.
DANIELS FUNERAL. ,
Funerat services for B. H. Daniels.
j 35 years old, a painter at the Junction
I mine who died of pneumonia at hi
automobile mechanics
LEAVES FOR COAST.
G. L. Cutter was a passenger on last
night's train bound for Lcs Angeles.
BEDFORD ILL.
R. B. Bedford of the Copper Quen
dispensary, was forced to lay off work ;
yesterday due to illness.
nome ni Mason audition triaay morn
ing, will be held at 1 o'clock this aft
ernoon at the parlors of the Palace
Undertaking company. Rev. Jaccb M.
White of the Episcopal church will of
liciate. Interment will be in iver
sreen cemetery. ' Mr. Daniel was a
member of Pasadena lodge. I. O. R. M..
t umi ci ucai .no. or t.ue i aimers j
JCrtNSON IKPRCvl.NG. ; union, services win 03 cunuuetert ua
Albert Johnson, an emplove of the . ler the auspices of the former order. '
at the Hi-Y will be heia at 7 o'clock
Monday night, and B. W. Reardon, me
chanic in charge, desires all interested
in the class to be present. Classes
were not held fcr a while owing to the '
illness of Mr. Reardon but the wcrk ;
is agiu in fall swicg. !
f.ISS FLYNN ILL.
Miss Helen Fi;. r.n, hend bookkeeper
at the Bisbee Lumber ccirpar.y. is ill
at her home in Loweli.
Calamet & Arizona 7I:niiig company
rojttfcoase, v5:o ha- hfen seriously ill
for tiie past iv.o -veeks at the C. 4: A.
bo.-.f-:ii;i v.i;h .ueamonia. has passed
the danger pais; ar.-l is on the rapid
read to ietcv;-y. according to reigns
1
i 11 ii v j 1. 1 1 i : 1 1 v i .j win in. v '' - lis l&U '
villo. !va:ph Brown. Charles Daume, !
o i
' await action of ti e superior court.
! He wa? taken to Tombstone yesterday
to be placed in the counly jail ju do
' fauU of a bond of S!'i O hv Ji-s-
; tice cf the Peace James Al i.-on.'
Hernandez' wife, who is a girl cf
' abcut 17 years ci" is in a ucii:ae
: ccudition and unable to work at the
; present time. Atteution was i riit J to
i il:e case by neighbor." who brd been .
j aiding her. Although the man has v
ne remtaton or ce;: a sroo.1 wcrr.er
cc-ulJ suproit her. he l.di the
! ccu-t he had r.o ir.tenticn of loiiic
No:: support of v. ii'e or children
stif.'.ies a fclonv in i'.is state.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE.
The Ch:i:thv.i Science society cf
iMsbee holds sorvkes ia Odd Fcilov.s'
hail every Sunday morning at 11
o'clo .k ar.ii Wednesday evening te?ti
s.icny meetiag at S o'cir i:. Surday
s.-bxoi at 10 o'clock. The pubis? is
e.L--:!'.o a:id in.:ted to attend. Sub
eti ior Si.nday. Janaary 2i, '"Jritth."
BLACKSMITH COAL
Just unloaded one car of Ajax
smithing coal,
pany, Lowell.
J ROCKHILL'S STAGS
Bisbee-Toinbstune. Loaves Bisbee,
tlMsbce Auto comprny. 7:43 n. m . 1:S0
i p. m. Tliore Bist ee 5. A3
! ...
k rsoi.
Brophy Carriage com-i - L G.van sells t :-.ev- F.
562 ! 'Ta' Phunoiraph Yi:b r. So il "
ATTENTION I. O. R. M.
All brothers and visiting brothers j
are requested to meet at hall at Box 150
Painter nr.d Paper Ilartirg. Signs
C. I. BRANDT
27 Brcadwnr. Phone
,.1V, -it.
:rm?l Christian Scienc" services
e'.d in'V.arroa every S;r:i.iy in
..'K'.1 si rcot 5
ieri-.es tutiay
... subject.
corr.e
will Le
"Trut
i euo
most
held
a.vi Ari-v.-cicoute.
f.V DONALD IN CITY.
1'ciler McDons'd, livestack sanitary,
inspector, s;.ent Friday here on olli-;
c:al business, coming from his fcead-;
quarters in Toiubtcr.c. ;
froia the hospital jestrday.
TO LOS ANGELES.
Ira Greer and wife left for Los An
geles last night -where they expect to
remain for some time Jicping to ben
efit Mr. Greer's health.
tac- i:OU!2
which ha.
Carl Brown, Don Kett-hell auu A. D.
Firestone. Mr. Daniel is survived by
his widow, two chflren, Helen, 5. and
Gladys. 7; two brothers. Art Daniel ol
Pasadena. Ca:i:. and Warren Daniei,
j who is in the army at Camp Lewi,
POSTFONED. ;Wash.; two sisters residing in Pasa-
moetmg cf tnu oaa. ana nis parents. .Mr. and Mrs.
brother
cunt civ a case of influenza at . -rom I aurornia arrived here yesterday
ct l.e tiirectcr, Mrs. UiH,;'11
caused E3r to be pfaccd
The Churches-
ST. JOHN S EPISCOPAL
Sunday school. 9:43 a. m. Morning
, prayer end address. 11 o'clock. Wed
nesday choir practice. 7 o. m.
JAC03 M. WHITE, Rector.
CHORAL MEETiriG
There wiii be ii!
Woman's Chorai club Monday evening ) Henry Daniel of this city. Th
c'ara-iiiue. It is expected
touir.r ieeiiiiss ".11! m resumed M
Jy, .-oirurv Z. wl :il work will
sialic a Oil liiaierial ;:ich already hf.E
"ROM SMELTER CITY.
irr. r:r.d Mrs. A F. McGregor of
Du?las arrived in the city Friday
ni-ht and rpent yesterday here. They
were gucFts at the Copper Queen.
r COCHISE COUNTY BOY
STATE'S GARDEN GHAMP
i
FETERSON HAS FLU.
William Peterson, of the
Dodge f corporation. Copper
branch, electrical departnjTt, is con- Angeles
Ly an attack of influenza.
COPPER QUEEN ARRIVALS.
The following guesis registered at J According to the announcement cf
the Copper Qaeen hotel yesterday: P. j the boys' and girls' department of the
R. Wheiuii, Douglas; Chas. Mills. Buf- j agricultural extension service of the
University cf Arizona. Willie Brogan
;ft-lo; TC. A. Spencer, Chicago; J. W.
I Beeler. Chicago; F. O. Mackey, Tuc
Phelps sen; J. W. Shinn, FJ Paso; F. W.
Queen Ware. Chicago; Howard McCurdy, Los
HAS FRACTURED ANKLE.
Slipping on a stairway at her home
in this city, Mrs. Cory of upper Tomb
stone canyon sustained a fractured
ankle. She was given attention by
members of the. Phelps Dodge surgi
cal staff.
of McXeal, son of Mr. and Mrs. Torn
Brogan, is the champion juvenile gard
ener of the state. Younj Broean is
F. C. Jones, Kansas City, ; but following in the footsteps of his
D. B. Hutchins, Tucson, and M. ! father whose farm in the vicinity of
E. Trout, Los Angeles. j McXeal has been considered one of
, ! the show places of the Sulphur
C0B3E SERVICES. ' Springs valley for several years.
f T'V . 1 ' - .
ius siai,e luauipiuns as announced
BALL PLAYER LEAVES.
Fred C. Hanson and family left on
last night's west bound train for Los
Angeles. Mr. Hanson is well known
locally, having played on the Copper
Queen baseball team for the last two
seasons.
Funeral services for Mrs. Matilda
Cobbe, 6 years old, who died Tuesday
evening at St. Paul's hospital in St.
Paul, Minn., have been postponed from
today on -account of the body's fail
ure to arrive here last night, and will
be held at 2 o'clock Monday afternoon j
at the residence of her son, Ceorge !
Cobbe. ia upper Tombstone canyon. '
The Rev. Jacob White, rector of the '
Episcopal church, will officiate. Inter
ment will be made in Evergreen cemetery.
Notices to appesr i.i this colurr.n '
i hereafter miis: be in The Review 1
; cliice not later than Friday eve-
i nirsg of each week. Notices re-
; calved after that time cannot be f
' used.
METHODIST EFlSCOr AL.
Sunday school, 0:45: public wor
ship. 11. sermon by Rev. c. A. House!
hi the evening the Epworth league
will have two special programs, one
in their room at 6:30 and a young
people's rally at 7:30. C. W. Harsh-
ru?n.
FIRST BAPTIST.
Bible school 9:45 a. m.; sermon oy
the paster. 11 a. m., theme, "The
Christian Invitation:" B. Y. P. U. Jr.
meeiing. 2:30 p. m.; B. Y. P. U. Sr.
meeting, 6:30; sermon by pastor.
p. m., theme, "The Ircpcitant Ques
tion." We had announced services in
our new church, but could not get it
Business Locals
NOTICE
Electrical wiring promptly done by
P. C. Lyman. Phone orders to 4S9,
Bisbee.
NOTICE
Some one purporting to be my col
lector is loose in the district. I have
no collector. Arrest him and call the
police.
). W. BRAXDOX, M. D.
DR. ANNA EKOLA
Foot specialist, is now at the Elec
tric Shoe Shop, Brewery Gulch, also
agency for Wizard Arch supports. 140
i RETURN TO TEXAS.
ANDERSON IS BETTER. ! Charles R. Brandon and James C.
Harry Anderson, assistant chief Eevers, who have been working in the
clerk of the C. & A. Mining company, mine3 in Lowell for the past few
who has been quite ill with pneu- months, departed yesterday at neon
monia, was reported yesterday to be for their hemes in Brownfield, Texas.
scmewnar better an j there now is a lareweu dinner was tendered tnem ; Jaruary 2p, 21 and 22.
nope ior ms recovery. ; r nuay uigm ai me superior uouse m While there they will
by the university were
Corn August Ayrand, Phoenix,
Ariz.
Cotton Hiram Shouse, Mesa,
Ariz. !
Pig Francis Webb. Tucson, Ariz.
Poultry Gleeson Northcross, Phoe
nix, Ariz., Route No. 5.
Garden Willie Brogan, McXeal,
Ariz.
Canning Lola Richardson, Thatch
er, Box 75.
Sewing Delia Judd, Pomerene,
Ariz.
For their respective achievements,
they have been tendered a free trip
to the University of Arizona to at
tend the first annual gathering of
the Boys' and Girl3 Short Course,
I
i
i
i 3
9 ' yrvEV.:: 'Jrr;?;.:
ARIZONA AUTOMATIC AIR
ASSOCIATION
Annual meeting of the Ariiona Auto
matic Air association will be held at
Gt
7TT
aim i heater
CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11 P. M.
-TQDAY
WORLD F'CTUP.E CORP. PRSSSNT3
LOU
TV f
PIP
-in-
! i uiiiui
f
8 1
uildnm
9F
The SiOfy is delightful znd the Star all lhat could be
desired. Also, one of those delightful
EBONY COMEDIES
"THE BULLY"
Lower floor 9c, war tax lc, tot-J
Balcony 4c, war tax lc, total
"NsiiS
10c
. '--v. - - r-.-- . :
: J ..5. -:.' . : a -ss- .
: -:.'-; .-.-.. - -si.
CNTLN'UOUS 1 TO 11
jL-a
-Tin A 'IPTOlHl
TODAY AND MONDAY
I Lowell by a number of other men from j their gold medals and will
HtKE FKUM TTnulit. me tone uiar srare. iouowmg wnicn initiated into the
u. t crysier ana Airs. Crysler acd numoers on ine vionn were renaerea'cf the National
F. C. Fawcett have arrived here from by Wallace Tapp, accompanied by II. ,GjriS' ciub.
Tyrone and are guests at the Copper i Cramer at the piano. i
Queen hotel. Mr. Crysler is manager'
be awarded
also be ' j
branch !
Arizona
All 5tQr" Tirxirc.' or,.: : Zl
3
That these boys and girls will
S-? if iVv: ---5 -
of the Phelps Dodge Mercantile com
pany at Tyrone and Mr. Fawcett is
manager of the hardware department
there.
DANCE PROCEEDS.
i have a good stay as well as a profit-
lable
one, goes without saying. Those
DELAYS CHANGE PLANS.
Owing to unexpected delays in the
completion of their new church on
upper Main street, the Baptist con
gregation will hold all services today
In the old church building. It had
been anticipated that the meeting
there last Wednesday night would be
the last.
The report of the amount realized! who have attended in the past, have!
for the fThnr!f-ss rhildrpn nf France i rrno hnmo t. r
uiii- ii'jim. n iuc uigucsL ui riaisc
fund from the Tieaefit dance given by j for the fine time shown them.
the local organization January 9, was i L. S. PARKE
submitted yesterday by Mrs. C. P. ! staff, rinh Lpailpr Tr.ivprsitv rr aVi.
Thompson, chairman. The report
shows that a total of $365.50 was real
ized from the dance, while the ex
penses incurred amounted to $30. The
$335.50 remaining; will be used in car
ing for the Freuch orphans now under
the care of the local organization.
zona, Tucton, Arizona.
PHONES FOR AIRSHIPS
(By Review Leaswd Wire) '
LOXDOX, Jan. 25. (British, Wire
less.) The airplanes which are carry
ing the peace conference delegates
-.-is
55
WM. FOX PRESENTS THE SCREEN'S MOST NOTED ACTRESS
n
A Th A-
MUSIC BY GRIBBLE'S
ORCHESTRA
mm
In the 7-Act Super Production
la ii
i Hi a m
M
In "When a Woman Sins Thc.a Bara is seen in that mosr mystifying, alluring of
all heroines The woman whose beautv and charm enthrall and ?r;rar tr.p rrn
Lonesome Luke Comedy
(two parts)
THE PLUMBER
who flit about her like moths.
ADMISSION: Children, ICc; Adults, 15c; Reserved, 25c; This includes war tax.
juioDo in " iii. . j ana important aocuments between
t J- M. Gibbs of Cauanea, American London and Paris are to be eauinned
OFF TO OIL PROSPECT.
J. O. Tonkin, general manager
the U. S. Oil & Refining Co., left yes
terday morring for the Bowie basin.
a derrick and the placing of a" stand Ja .foJ,owing at roller of .re-, weather reports and instructions from
consular agent thtre. was in the city i with wireless telephon
yesterday, driving over in his car. This will enable the pilots to speak to
While a number of men have been one another while in the air and will
discharged by the uiicing companies also enable them to receive frequent
noticeable, nor were : The British army during the war, it
:OMING, WEDNESDAY The Great 8-Act Spectacular Production-
property Bciore leaving he an-; , . . is declared, nerfected the wireless tlA- i
rounced that drilling operations would sUb;u The ,aUfcr ph3ge tLe caa. phone so that pilots could speak to the
r,e resumed at once. ,' dition. according lo other recent ar-i ground and to one another at a dis
tance oi la miles.
"THE GARDEN OF ALLAH
THE SWEETEST LOVE STORY EVER TOLD
lift IDT??
a J j: r-A Li K S
rivals .'rota Canariea was because
-V.
ere has been a tendency on the Dart
of workmen to go to southern Sonora J
LEAVE FOR MEETJUC.
I. C. E. Adams, chairman of the
beard of supervisors, left here yes
terday momins: fo- Phoenix to attend
the toed reads convention. He in
tended to remain in Tucson until last
evening whoa he would be joined
u cits, a. Ecciier oi acti.i-i-s at the present time,
the board residing in Douglas. .
as rapidly as they were discharged,
because cf cheaper living and milder
winier weather. Politically, northern
Sonora is quiet, there net even being
any rumors of possibla revolutionary
INSTALL OFFICERS.
Officers to serve during the ensuing
BACK INTER-COLLEGE SPORTS.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. Jan. 25 Pre
diction cf a revival of inter-.
contests, in simplified form, is nrid?
by Depn Le Baron 8. Briggs, in his
annual report to President Lowell of
Harvard, as former chairman of the
Harvard ath'etic committee. Dean
ijrisgs iooks for economy in manage-n-e::
cf sports this year, but asserts
TAKES OLD POSITION. !
J. W. Campbell, who recently was year were installed at the regular'his bilief that -there" will be no diffi
L.ir.eu irom i&e army nas re- meeting of Bisbee Queen Review. No. : culty in supplying the
sumed his eld position as a boiler- 3, W. B. A., of the Maccabees. Monday fu: ds.
necessary
CEN7
RAL
THEATE
Continuous 1 to
II p.m. TODAY
A PARAMOUNT PICTURE
FEE
PAULINE
IN
A T A 99
ICK
The tragic heroine who cast aside the man she loved to the bottom of her heart, will
enthrall you, no matter how often you have seen her before
And the Fox Film Corp. Presents
"THE CLOUD PUNCHER"
In two reels. The wctery ta!e cf a rninmaker.
ADMISSION: Adults, 20c; Children, 10c; Reserved Seats, 30c This includes war tax.
8
i
ol!egiate! U W U W 11 Fi " li M-W.l ti m t ' Ml j V R Q I 9 D. V I R
I JLj li ilil L iiiLaiH, ii JJii Continuous I to II 8
I THOMAS H. LCE Presents " " 1
1 CHARLES RAY
"THE CLAWS .of the HUN"
t 1 Unfit for ilie .Muilary Service! He of the "FIGHTING FAITHS" unfit? He'd show them! And he set out to g
fight a war cf his own. j fj
5 also
I "THE RATHE NEWS55
gjf The World before -your eyes, and !
p j j !; H n In one of his best comedies. J
: n J!
Jj ADMISSION: i-ouei llcor, 15c; Ealcony, ICc; Reserved Seats, 23c; This includes the wer tax. I
X