ill
WEATHER
Friday fair; Saturday
partly cloudy and
cooler.
COPPER PRICE
April 9, E. & M. Jour
nal, quotation, 15.33.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL. 21, NO. 292.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, APRIL 18, 1919.
PRICE HVE CENTS.
C"3
P
n
i ir o c
l. ; j
NX
r i
If
lb ; U U
.LZ3
! V f i I t 1 If t I
r1
il'Tw
U Lai UVbt
V
- i.
i
-1
1 V
NO EXACT
JUSTICE 1
ARftlY, SAYS
GQL GUI
Impossible to Be Sure of
Fair Deal for All and Still
Have Good Army, He Says
Court-Martial Sytsem as It
Now Exists Only Efficient
Methods, Lawyers Told
WASHINGTON, April 17. The
system of military jurisprudence 1b de
signed to produce an efficient, de
pendable fighting army, not to do ex
act justice to individuals, according to
the views vigorously presented today
to the committee of the American
Bar association by army officers of
field experience, including Major Gen
eral Edwin F. Glenn, organizer and
commander of the 83rd division and
now in general command of Camp
Sherman. In attaining the objective,
the officers contended, the present
machinery for enforcing milifary dis
cipline had proved both efficient and
' fair, the final product of the system
closely approximating justice to the
Individual in addition to producing
what General Glenn described as the
best disciplined army In France. . i
Cases of court-martial sentences so
excessive in the penalty awarded as
to be ridiculous were freely admitted
by the officers. Such sentences only
served, General Glenn insisted, to
prove, even in the early stages of the
military legal proceedings, the action
of the courts in no case being final,
that fairness was the general rule.
Judge Gregory, chairman of the
committee, and General Glenn engag
ed in considerable argument which
brought out that the officer, just
speaking from his military experience
and his special training in civil law
as a graduate of the law school of the
University of Minnesota, saw little in
common between the purposes of civil
justice and its military equivalent.
Major Charles H.a MacDonald, Gen
eral Glenn's divisional judge advocate
at Camp Sherman, but who is a tern-
porary officer arid before the war
was counsel for the federal trade com
mission, followed j his chief and ex
pressed the same views.
"You are not looking for exact jus
tice," Major MacDonald declared,
"when you are building an army of
the siez of that of the United States
was building. Suppose men did get
sentences of 20 years or 40 years.
The dishonorable discharges were
suspended and they went to the dis
ciplinary barracks, probably to be
retsored to service if they were wor
thy of restoration. It was the lesson
involved.
. "When exact justice interferes with
the building up of the army, exact
justice must be sacrificed."
'"There is, of course, Major Mac
Donald added, "some room for Im
provement There always is in any
system of law or taxation; but the
present army Justice system is a
very efficient machine. We have felt
that we could attend to the question
of exact justice after the war."
The officer submitted a record of
174 general court martial cases tried
at ,Camp Sherman. He called atten
tion to one sentence of twenty-five
years imposed on a man who refused
to obey a lawful order from an offi
cer. On the face of the record he
said, the sentence seemed excessive;
but that it was justified by facts and
as reviewing judge advocate lie had
regretted only that the prison term
had not been longer. Explaining the
case, he said the soldier had been
ordered to work at the base hospital
on a Saturday during the influenza
epidemic and had refused on account
of religious ccvruples, alleging he was
a member of a faith that set that day
aside for worship. On that particu
lar Saturday, the officer said, there
had been 140 deaths at the hospital
and there were hundreds of very sick
men to be cared for.
ARGENTINANS WILL
FIGHT BOLSHEVIK1
(By Review Leased Wire)
BUENOS AIRES. April 17. Young
Argentinans including the members of
the "January White Guard" are organ
izing and arming to combat the Max
imalist demonstration being pre-1
pared for May 1, I
Jump Off for
Trans-Oceanic
Flight Picked
ST. JOHNS, N. F., April
1 7. United States naval
aviation officers have se
lected a site on the shores
of the Bay of Biscay, on the
coast of Newfoundland, a
few miles west of Cape
Race, as the jumping .off
spot for their trans-Atlantic
flight, according to a report
received from Trepessy bay
NEW YORK, April 17.
Officers in charge of the
navy's plans for a trans-Atlantic
flight declined tonight
to comment on a report
from St. Johns that a jump
ing ff place had been se
lected on the southern coast
of Newfoundland.
8-HOUR LAW FOR
IS
Demands of Workmen, Who
Plan Demonstration May
1 , Are Granted
PARIS, April 17. (By the Associat
ed Press.) The chamber of deputies
this evening passed a bill establishing
an eight-hour day for workmen.
Tho vote was by a show of hands
after the chamber had adopted an
amendment offered by former Premier
Briand providing that under no cir
cumstances could employers make the
reduction in working hours a pretext
for a reduction in wages.
PARIS, April 17. (By the Associat
ed Press.) The committee of the gen
eral Federation of Labor has decided
on arrangements for a manifestation
on May 1. Union meetings will be
held in every quarter of Paris and the
Seine department, at which a resolu
tion will be submitted, presenting the
principal claims of the federation's
program an eight hour day; full am
nesty for all political crimes, non-intervention
in Russia, abolition of the
censorship and the state of siege and
a return to constitutional guarantees
and liberties.
The resolution will specify that or
ganized cessation of work will not ex
ceed the day of May 1, the workers
hoping that the manifestation will
convince the government and the em
ployers that if the claims are not sat
isfied, the unions will be able to insti
tute an immediate strike on a given
order.
The federation, not having had time
to organize propaganda throughout
France counts on the cessation of
work in Paris and the Seine depart
ment only. Complete cessation will
not be observed in the case of trans
portation owing to the importance of
the service, which if stopped altogeth
er would Interfere with the manifes
tants themselves.
ARIZONA REGIMENT .
HOME FROM FRANCE
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, April 17. The troop
ship Iowa arrived with 1786 officers
and men of the 158th Infantry, recruit
ed principally in Arizona.
Commanded by Col. Samuel M. Salt
marsh of Los Angeles, former super
intendent of the Santa Fe railroad, the
regiment had a more or less interna
tional character. Its members includ
ed Horn Jim and Young Chong, . for
merly proprietors of the "Lodge" res
taurant of Globe, Ariz., and Frank
Stanley and Ross Shaw, full blooded
Indians of Phoenix.
$500,000 MEAT PLANT
FOR PHOENIX PLANNED
PHOENIX, y April 17. Immediate
construction of a half million dollar
packing plan tin Phoenix to handle
the bulk of Arizona's pork and much
of its beef, was announced tonight by
officers of the two local firms inter
ested. The members of the firm
which will build the plant. It was an
nounced, are the Phoenix Wholesale
Meat company, the Tribolt Meat com
pany of tbs city and the Tovrea Pack
ing company of Bisbee.
' The plant, which wlll be under fed
eral inspection, is expected to bei
ready for operation by January 1, 1920,
and will employ from 150 to 200 men.
It was stated that articles of incorpo
ration will be taken out tomorrow.
FRACE
PASSED
GERMAN ENVOIS. TO BE REFUSED CHANCE TO
DISCUSS CONDITIONS WITH CONFERENCE
EiEROF
BRITAIN
D CRISIS
Lord Northcliffe, 1 Formerly
Chief Backer of Llovd
Lieorge, Launches Attack
r
Press Responsible for Down
fall of -Asquith Now Seeks
. IT . IT- o
io unseat nis successor
LONDON, April 17. (By the Asso
ciated Press.) Open warfare between
David Lloyd George, British prime
minister, and Lord Northcliffe, Eng
land's foremost publisher, is to the
political world the most interesting re
sult of the premier's flying visit to
London from the Paris peace confer
ence and his speech before parlia
ment Wednesday.
Lord Northcliffe and Baron Beaver-
brook, who served as the official "eve
witness" for the Canadian government
at the front in 1916 and later became
Duke of Lancaster, and minister of
information, always have been credit
ed with being the powers "behind the
scenes who -brought about the retire
ment of Premier Asquith and the suc
cession of Lloyd George to the head
of cabinet. Northcliffe's newspapers
gave Lloyd George general support
throughout his management of the
war, but when the general election fol
lowed the armistice they shifted some
what to the attitude of friendly critics.
Only during the latest developments
of the peace conference have they be
come sharply critical of Mr. Lloyd
George's leadership.
. Premier Charges Vanity
The premier in his speech in house
of commons credited this fact to "di
sease of vanity," and pointedly hintea
that it was due to disappointment on
Lord Northcliffes part that he had
not been appointed on the peace dele
gation. The premier referred to peace
terms Lord Northcliffe peace confer
ence began, saying:
"I am prepared to make some allow
ance when a man is laboring under a
keen sense of disappointment. How
ever unjustified and however ridicul
ous the expectations may be, under
those circumstances he always is apt
to think the world is badly run."
The Times today replied with a
Blashing attack, accusing Lloyd
George of overlooking reports pre
pared by experts.
"It is currently said by his col
leagues in Paris," the Times declares,
"that while he is able to read and
write, he does neither."
. After saying that the record of the
Times during the war speaks for it
self, the newspaper apparently threat
ens a future attack, saying:
"Some points of his war record re
quire to be-more fully known."
The Evening News, Northcliffe pub
lication, today prints a cartoon of the
premier hovering over Westminster in
an airplane, labelled "hot air," with
bombs for the Northcliffe papers.
Mr. Lloyd George and Lord North
cliffe probably are the two most in
fluential personal forces in British
politics, and now that they are fierce
ly and publicly at war, the effect on
Mr. Lloyd George's political fortunes
and the opposition of the Northcliffe
press which is expected to follow
will mark the beginning of a new po
litical chapter, the developments of
which are being discussed with the
liveliest interest.
WOMEN RELEASED BY
TURKS DESTITUTE
NEW YORK, April 17. Dispatches
from Constantinople received today
by the American committee for Amer
ican and Syrian relief reported that
the problem presented by the release
of thousands of Christian women and
children from Turkish harems in the
Asia Minor is- constantly growing.
Many have been given shelter by the
relief workers but there remain a
large number wandering about the
country destitute, some of them
crazed from hunger and exposure.
Telegrams have been received in
Constantinople from Gregorian bish
ops, pastors and leading business men j
in various sections of Asia Minor ap
pealing for help for these women and
children. I
Body of Edith
CavelD to Be
Brought Back
LONDON, April 17.
(British Wireless Service)
The body of Edith Cavell,
the English nurse who was
executed by the Germans in
1915 at Brussels, will be
brought back to England
May 1 5 and taken to West
minster Abbey, where cere
monies will be held. Inter
ment will be at Norwich,
the home of the Cavells.
VICTORY LOAM TO
BE REVISED SOON
Protests of Churches to Bring
Changes in Plans Laid
for Campaign
fBy Review Leased Wire
WASHINGTON, April 17. Revision
of some features of the Victory Lib
erty loan campaign is under consider
ation as a result of complaints against
activities on Sand vs 'and holidays of
church calendar. ' Today there came
a protest 'to Secretary Glass from
Philadelphia church against the showt
ing of Loberty loan moving pictures
in theaters on Sunday. An hour later
a delegation of Washington ministers
called on Mr. Glass to urge that Sun
day' flying ciscuses scheduled in var
ious parts of the country be aban
doned. '
Sunday engagements of the flying
circuses probably will be abondoned,
Mr. Glass said. The question of show
ing moving pictures on Sunday for the
loan is likely to be left to local cam
paign committees. During the last
loan many cities held intensive house
to house canvasses on Sunday after
noon and evening to raise their quotas
with the active co-operation of the
churches.
"We must not forget," said Mr.
Glass, in discussing the subject, ''that
the raising of the Victory Liberty loan
is a pretty holy matter itself."
Secretary Glas' speaking itinerary
on behalf of the loan, announced to
night, included the Cleveland date for
Saturday. Other engagements were
as follows: Cincinnati, April 21;
Louisville, April 22; Indianapolis,
April 23; Omaha, April 25; Denver,
April 26: Hutchinson, April 27; Ok
lahoma City, April 28; St Louis, April
29; Atlanta, May 1, and Charleston,
S. C, May 2.
GRAND JURY INDICTS
EDITOR OF N. Y. MAIL
rp,y T?v1ew LrbM Wire
NEW YORK, April 17. Federal in
dictments were returned late today
Against Dr. Edward A. Rumely, for
mer owner and. editor of the New
York Evening Mail, and his attorneys,
S. Walter Kaufmann and Norvin R.
Lindheim, charging them with, conspi
racy to defraud the1 United f'.ates
government. It is alleged that Dr.
Rumely and his attorneys conspired
to conceal the ownership by the im
perial German government of $1,451.
000 of the capital stock of the S. S.
McClure Newspaper corporation,
which represented controlling interest
in the Mail.
Dr. Rumely Is now out on bail under
federal indictments charging him with
perjury in New York City and failure
to return German ownership state
ments to Washington '
PIGEONS USED WHEN
ARMY PHONES FAIL
fRy Review Leased Wire)
; BOSTON, April 17 Army officials
made use of carrier pigeons today
to supplement the impaired telephone
service. Although most of the nearby
army posts could be reached by means
of the direct telephone wires connect
ing with army headquarters here,
there was practically no communica
tion with outlying stations except by
telegraph. Pigeons were used to car
ry messages between headquarters
and Fort Constitution at Portsmouth
and between Boston and Camp Dev
ens, some of the harbor forts and
other points.
LEAGUE TO
E INCLUDED
W TREATY
Reports of All Commissions,
Except That on Poland, in;
KieL Canal Body Named
League of Nations Covenant
Is Given Place "of Honor in
Draft as It Now Stands
PARIS, April 17 (By the Associat
ed Press.) The council of five, con
sisting of the foreign ministers of
France, Great Britain and Italy, and
President Wilson and Baron Makino,
met today with the drafting commit
tee and discussed the form of the
tre,ity The ministers also 'consid
ered the revision of the Moroccan
treties necessary to eliminate the
German interests.
A' new commission was appointed
today to consider the Kiel canal. It
consits of the present commission on
waterways and additional naval ex
perts of the entente.
All the old ' commissions have com
pleted' their reports. ' except Ihat on
Poland, which is undoubtedly delayed
by the uncertainty of the eastern boun
dary of Germany.
PARIS, April 17. (By the Associat
ed Press.) The drafting of the final
form of the peace treaty is progress
ing rapidly in order to have it ready
for presentation to the German dele
gates when they arrive at Versailles
a week hence. The document, as
framed, begins with an introduction
in the form of a protocol, setting!
forth the complete list of belligerent
powers, taking part in the war and
now making peace, with the designa
tion of plenipotentiaries of each coun
try and with their power to sign.
Declaration Brief
Then comes a declaration of im
pressive brevity, not exceeding thirty
words, stating that on the conclusion
of the treaty and the exchanbge of
ratifications, the war should come to
an end.
Following upon the declaration of
peace the present intention of the
delegates is to have the covenant of
the league of nations occupy the place
of honor in the treaty and to be the
fir?t subject treaed in detaail. It
will thus take the priority it had in
the program of the peace conference.
Then, in succession, will follow the
military, naval and serial terms, rep
arations, responsibilities, the Rhine
frontier, the Sarre region, Alsace
Lorraine, Poland, the status of Danzig
as an international port, Germany's
Schleswig-Holsteln frontier and a
large number of special subjects, in
cluding the labor convention adopted
at the last plenary session of the con
ference; international ports and wat
erways, and extended economic and
financial provisions not directly con
nected with reparations. . .
Text Completed
The textual form of all these sub
divisions has been completed, so that
the work at present going on is chief
ly fitting together the parts into a
homogenous whole. This is being
done by international experts repre
senting the five great powers. Their
work is largely formal, as the coun
cil of four and the commissions have
adopted the language of the treaty
now being fitted together.
It is estimated that the treaty as a
whole will exceed 70,000 words, or the
contents of a large, closely printed
volume. The text is being prepared
in French and English and as a means
of expediting action, a German text
may be prepared, though it is foreseen
that the German delegates may ask
for a considerable . time to peruse a
document of such magnitude.
GERMAN SETS FIRE
TO ARMY TRANSPORT
BOSTON, April 17. Julius Fischer,
an agent of the Hamburg-American
steamship line, set fire to a state room
of the transport Patricia Tuesday
night, while the vessel was steaming
to this port with nearly 3000 Amer
ican soldiers. The fire was ex
tinguished by the crew and Fischer
was placed in irons.
Revolt Halts
Berlin-Munich
Rail Traffic
BERLIN, Tuesday, April
15. (By the Associated
Press Railroad communi
cation between Berlin and
Munich has ceased. Bam
berg, which iv still the seat
of the Hoffman govern
ment, also is cut off from
Munich. Numerous rumor
are current, but there is
nothing to indicate clearly
which party is in control,
The troops apparently have
been successful in confin
ing the insurrection to Mu
nich. Propellor of Big Craft Slices
, Off Stern of Tug as "
Crowd Looks On
, (By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, "April 17. Several
naval seamen were drowned here t
day when the propellor of the trans
port Saxonia. sliced off the stern of the
naval tug Freehold while the smaller
vessel was docking the troopship at a
Cunard pier. The number of dead is
t''or.wh?eetuS carried a
crew of 23 and only 14 were rescued,
shore leave had been granted a num
ber of the sailors.
The sinking of the tug was one of
the- most dramatic marine accidents
which has ever occurred here. The
cheers which came from the shore and
had been echoing back and forth from
transport to dock were hushed as
from the stern of the great vessel
came the sound of rending steel and
wood.
The Saxonia's decks, crowded to the
rails with returning troops, were the
scene of greatest confusion, but only
for an instant Then quick thinking
fighting men put their thoughts into
action. Ropes were thrown overboard
and five seamen pulled from the Hud
son. , Meanwhile the naval tug Crawford,
also engaged in warping the Saxonia
into her dock, saved . three more,
while police, working from the pier,
rescued another three and a rowboat,
hastily put out from the shore,
brought the total of those saved to 14.
The Freehold was less than three
minutes in sinking, according to wit
nesses. Witnesses said the ' com
mander of the Saxonia' evidently in
tended to aid the tug by giving the
larger craft a "kick ahead." The Quick
rush of water however, sucked the tug
in under the stern and the Saxonia's
30-ton propellor blade descended like
a knife on the stern of the smaller
vessel. , , '
Those on the dock hardly had time
to run to the pier head before the tug's
stack disappeared. Only the tips of
her masts remained above the sur
face. COAL MINERS OPPOSE
GARFIELD'S ATTITUDE
WASHINGTON, April 17. A tele
gram fro mAIexander Howat, presi
dent of the Kansas district. United
Mine Workers of America, to Fuel
Administrator Garfield, which chal
lenged the right of Dr. Garfield "to
direct the affairs of the organization"
in the Kansas district, was received
at the offices of the food administra
tion late today, but owing to the ab
sence of ' Dr. Garfield, it was not
brought to his attention.
MORE RESTRICTIONS
: ON CABLES REMOVED
WASHINGTON, April 17 Changes
in the cable censorship regulations
wthich will .permit the . transmission
without interference by the United
States censorship of messages be
tween the United States and Central
America, South America and the
Wes.t Indies, including 'Mexico and
Cuba, were announced tonlsiht by Act
ing Secretary Roosevelt of tho npvy
department.
SAILORS DliOWII AS
TRANSPORT DOCKS
SAFETY OF
FRAWGE IS
GUARANTEED
Triple Alliance Against Fu
ture Aggression by Ger
many Hinted by Premier
Hun Delegates Expecjed to
Remain Two Days at Con
feernce; Return to Weimar
PARIS, April 17. (By the Associat
ed Press.) The procedure on the ar
rival of the German plenipotentiaries
at Versailles has virtually been decid
ed upon. It will be President Wilson
and the premiers who will hold the
first meeting and deliver the treaty,
as it is not deemed feasible to have all
the allied powers attend this initial
session.
The actual arrival of the Germans at
Versailles, it is stated, is scheduled
for Friday night, April 25. but the
meeting with the president and pre
mier will not be held until Saturday
and even may be deferred until Mon
day: Urtil after the treaty is actually de
livered, it is intended. to allow ade
quate time for the Germans to make
inquiries concerning the various de
tails before returning to Weimar. This
is expected to take about two days,
the first day being devoted by the
Germans to familiarizing themselves
wun the terms, and the second day to
answering such queries as they may
make.
. No Discussion
There is no purpose to have this as
sume the character of a discussion but
merely the elucidation of any points
which may assist in obtaining prompt
and favorable action when the peni
potentiaries return to Weimar.
It is believed the stay of the pleni
potentiaries at Weimar will cover a
week, thus bringing them back to
Versailles about May S to 10. This,
however, is conjectural, for it is de
pendent upon the rapidity of the de
cisions reached at Weimar.
Premier Lloyd George's declaration
in the British parliament that France
had been given full guarantees against
a renewal of German attacks is tne
first authoritative statement that such
guarantees have' been given and
arouses the keenest discussion regard
ing the nature of the guarantees as af
fecting the United States and Great
Britain. The French reports say that
the guarantees amount to an alliance,
and the semi-official Temps says:
Alliance Hinted
"Premier Lloyd George's language
admits of only one meaning. This Is
that Great Britain and the United
States engage to sustain France in
case she is again attacked by Ger
many. Such an alliance is legitimate
and necessary. Mr. Lloyd George
would not pronounce such words light
ly, and his announcement is singu
larly Instructive."
The council of four which framed
the guarantees as part of the Rhine
settlement, has thus far maintained
a rigid silence except for the general
declaration of Mr. Lloyd George.
Viscount Cblnda of the Japanese
delegation, arranged today for his ap
pearance before the council of four
Saturday on the Klao-Chau question
with a view to an adjustment witn
China which shall be incorporated in
the peace treaty. The American dele
gates believe that an accord will be
reached, whereby China will ultimate
ly control Kiao-Chau, with suitable
recognition of Japan's efforts.
A plenary session, of the peace con
ference will be held two days next
week, Wednesday and Thursday, to
pass upon a large number of remain
ing details before the meeting with
the Germans.
LIMERICK STRIKERS
TO RETURN TO WORK
LIMERICK, April 17. (By the As
sociated Press.) General Griffen,
commanding the Limerick military
area, made the proposition to the
strikers that he would be willing to
issue passes to workmen if they would
call off the strike. The labor leaders
are considering the proposition and
are reported to be in favor of accept
ing it. TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, APRIL 18, 1919.
lump; m
) ...
X
,1
;!
COMPANY1
UKftCOftMtATfD
The BIG INDEPENDENT Company
HERE IT IS! Our first dividend
ARIZONA
you didn t get yours, wny net;.
117 TO f HERE IT IS
WP raV' check f or-
31
C3i
1
u
-' ": ? : ;.i .: ' Pr-MDEND CHECK . ' ' '
m M' TEXAS .CRUDE: OIL ;CQMPAWfW2-
. . . - J T - : .. . v- - . y, '. ' ?
-teu.::.-?-?. ...... . . . . DOLLARS
VTii Fir KsixS'oti&i Bdnir !
(V
TftXA 4. frt z Uii, Ct
Our Eleventh Producing Well
Has Just Come Iri
TEXAS CRUDE OIL COMPANY is a PROVEN, PAYING propo
sition. We hare demonstrated it beyond the question of the m&st
ckeptical. You see above the first dividend check sent into your
own state. YOU ARIZONA NS, LISTEN! If you are not getting
a check like the one above and GETTING IT TODAY, it is abo
lutely your own fault. You have been told of the opportunities.
Here Is the proof positive of the truth of what we have been telling
you. WE PAY. Here is a specimen check. It ja going to a leading
citizen of PHOENIX. Hundreds of other checks are going out.
This check is the first 1919 quarterly dividend of 3 per cent on this
man's' Investment. It is only a . beginner. We guarantee" 12 per
cent. We have the production to pay it. We had it when we only
Sad brought in NINE WELLS Now we have ELEVEN, ten in oil
isd cne in gas. The ELEVENTH has just come in since this divi
dend was earned. Another dividend will be payable in July, an
jther in October and so on. If you haven't got yours already, GET
IN NOW. Don't let good money like this clip away from you. . A
limited amount of TEXAS CRUDE stock is available at $1 a share,
par. It buys you an interest in REAL EARNINGS, a certain 12
per cent and a share in all the new wells we are bringing in. We
have OVER 50,000 ACRES in the proven fields of Texas. Our 1919
drilling program calls for ten additional wells. Two of them right "be
side the MIGHTY NORWOOD, in the sensational RANGER field.
We are right beside such milliou-makers as the Texas Company,
the Sun, the Gulf, the Sinclair and others. We have just brought in
a well at BURKBURNETT. We have contracted to drill another
there at once. We are not only going after oil, WE ARE GETTING
IT. Send your check in NOW. Clip this ad and mail it with your
order. If this ad is a day old when you see it, telegraph your reser
vation C. O. D. If you delay you may be too late. HURRY! GET
OUR YOUR CHECK BOOK AND MAKE MONEY, TODAY.
PETROLEUM SECURITIES COMPANY
General Agents .
ClGVz Main Street ' Ft. Worth, Texas
APRIL 18,
5t
at Mrs. Sale's Academy
Masquerade Ball
LONG'S ORCHESTRA
Everybody Invited Prizes Given
8 1 lJ
1 JJ(DiMil ii
TODAY ONLY
Continuous 1 to 11
Mero Presents
EMTH STOM3SY
, In a breezy play of the great Northwest
"THE SILENT WOMAN"
As rugged as the country in which the tcenes were laid
Other Attractions
STRAND COMEDY
Outing scenic .
music oy vrcnescra :
Aojriission Children, 10c Adults, 25c Any Seat
This Includes Tax i r: '.
Coming
"THE LAND; OF THE FREE"
The Thrilling Life Story of .
GEN'L JOHN PERSHING
OPMTO ' ANNOUNCEIlK
L
rm
Ail if!
unci S
H P
IE 1
m Wltetesife
CPENS FOR BUSINESS NEXT DOOR TO LYRIC -2000 BUNCHES OF BEAUTIFUL VIOLETS
TO BE GIVET4 AS SOUVENIRS TO LADY VISITORS. ALL INVITED TO INSPECT OUR STORE
The California Produce Company will conduct a general
wholesale and retail business in Fruits and Vegetables,
handling only first choice, direct from garden and or
chard products. Fresh Fruits and Vegetables direct
frcm producer to consumer. They are gathered daily
fom our own California gardens and orchards and
shipped direct to this store.
From now on you can buy right here, n. Bisbee first
class choice goodo at the same low prices they are sold
in Los Angeles. Drop in and get acquainted.
A carload of Fruits and Vegetables received today.
They will be ready for your approval and acceptance
tomorrow. Our store will be one of the cleanest, neatest
and most sanitary in Bisbee. '
4 OUR GOODS ARE RECEIVED FRESH EVERY DAY
YOU WILL LIKE TO TRADE WITH US
A SPECIAL PRICE ON APPLES OF $3.25 PER BOX OR 3 LBS. FOR 25c WILL BE MADE FOR A FEW DAYS
if O
aJiniforiniia
Produce
NEXT TO LYRIC THEATER
ID)
Fire
Just two days left to do your Easter shopping. Our
varied assortment of merchandise offers the great
est possible choice for selection. New Easter apparel
and furnishings for men, women and children.
Special Women's Full Fashioned Silk
Stockings at 59c pair
REGULAR $1.50. QUALITY
Silk Stockings that women should be glad to purchase
at such a moderate price just previous to Easter True
they are seconds and one may find a pair slightly irreg
'ular Jn weave but this should not effect the wear with
lisle thread garter top choice of brown and white.
They're underpriced for Friday and Saturday at
Extra
'
59c pair
-Main Floor
Smart Easter Dresses i
Especially Priced at $18.75
f'13
A sale that no woman can afford to miss Here
are dresses that are worth considerable more than the
price asked ;
Beautiful materials of Foulards and Taffetas of
the best grade silks Some Georgette and Crepe de
Chine Many attractive styles for afternccn and
evening wear Dresses that are surprising values.
When Priced at $18.75
cm
I
Lovely
Easter Blouses Special at $2.95
Exquisite bits of filmy beauty they are in Geor
gette and Crepe de Chine their chefrm enhanced by
touches of embroidery and inserts of dainty lace in some
others plain tailored In flesh and white only All sizes
34 to 42.
Special at $2.95
2nd Floor
Pocket Books
Special at $1.69 5
Pocketbooks and Bags
in silks and leathers fitted
with mirror and coin purse
lined with fancy silks and kid
best grade steel frames in
1 5 attractive styles to choose
from.
Friday and Saturday
at $1.69 .
Main Floor
Sol
New Neckwear
Special at 59c
Dozens and dozens of
pieces in the new collar ef
lar effects Neckwear of orig
inal and becoming design of
which are many beautiful col
lars and collar and cuff sets
in Crepe de Chine, Satins,
Organdies and a host of dain
ty Spring material.
Specially Pticed 59c
Main floor
Men's $3 Khaki Pants
Special Friday, $2.10
Fine quality Government Khaki
fact color extra well made-ll seams
' taped wide belt loops 2 watch and 2
hip pockets with button flaps -inch
cuff bottoms All sizes to 44 waist. Fri
day only at -; '
$2.10 pair
Boys' Blouses, Special 59c
Boys' Blouses made of v good grade per
cale, in all colors, in neat light and dark
stripes Sizes 6 to 15. Regular 75c values
Special Today at 59c each
THE LUXURY TAX
Beginning May 1st the new luxury
tax goes into effect. All merchandise
over a certain price will be taxed ac
cordingly Items and prices will be an
nounced later.
Boys' Spring Suits
Specially Priced (TV? Cfk
for Easter at . . pUiJU
Dependable wool mixed
cassimeres neat stripes
and mixtures in browns and
grays. This season's popu
lar model military and
waist line effects Full
lined knickers-v-Sizes 6 to
1 4 Extraordinary big val
ues at
$6.50
Boys' Wash Suits
Special at $1.65
This season's styles good fabrics
stripes in all colors, suits trimmed to
match; sizes 2 J2 to 8. While they last
Today at $1.65 Suit
Main Floor Bargain Square
3 THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, APRIL 18, 1919.
THREE
4500 MORE SOLDIERS
LEAVE FRENCH PORTS
BOUND HIR AMERICA
Additional Troops of Rain
Bow Division Announced
on Way Home
(By Review Leaped Wire)
WASHINGTON, April 17. More
than 4500 officers a nd men of the
42nd (Rainbow) division were includ
ed in troops announced by the war
department ' today a3 having sailed
from France. The Rainbow division
men are aboard four warships, the
battleships Minnesota ar.d South Car
olina, due at Newport News April 27,
and the cruisers North Carolina and
Montana, due at New York on the
same date.
The units announced today as hav
Ing sailed include the headquarters of
the 83rd infantry brigade; the l7th
infantry, which was formerly the
Fourth Alabama infantry; the 151st
machine gun battalion .originally com
posed of three companies of the Sec
ond Georgia infantry, and the 117th
signal battalion which, when it went
overseas was made of Missouri troops.
' The battleship Minnesota has
aboard the 151st machine gun bat
talion complete; two companies of the
167th infantry; casual companies
Connecticut and New York and two
casual officers.
The battleship ;South Carolina is
bringing the 117th field signal bat
talion complete and 28 casuel compa
nies. The cruiser North Carolina has an
board the field and staff, headquar
ters and supply companies, medical
detachments and First, battalion of
the 167th Infantry; casual companies
for New York and Iowa and 12 casual
officers.
The cruiser Montana Is carrying the
headquartrs of the. 83rd infantry bri
gade; second an dthird battalion head
quarters, machine gun company, and
six companies of the 167th Infantry
and 16 casual officers.
The transport Matoika sailed April
16 for Newport News with base hos
pital numbers 1, 9, 17, 52, 57, 67, 68
and evacuation hospitals numbers 1,
2 and 4; headquarters detachment
63th Infantry brigade; 110th supply
train; field and staff, first battalion,
sanitary deachments and companies A
to D inclusive of the 346th Infantry;
three convalescant detachments and
three casual companies.
The transport Antigon also sailed
April 16 for Newport News with the
HCth field sisrnal battalion; 110th san
itary train; field hospitals 137, 138,
139 and 140; 129th and 130th machine
gun battalions.
The war department also announced
that the headquarters and medical de
tachments and companies A to F in
clusive, ftf the 12th engineers were
aboard the transport Cap May, due at
New York-April 30, Instead of the 16th
engineers as previously announced.
EVERETT TRUE
IF I'c-i N'crr Ml5TAIceM.TH(S5THB flXGR Mi
I ' -!
r- , !
C tl Attorney.:
; !
DFense of that thirty scouMReL Xoj tvep-r
"Decrpux Moved, an& ivoum, siNce iweextisrcj.
ON Me AGAIKJ T
I
I JAPANESE CONSUL AT
! S. F. DENIES KOREANS
SET UP GOVERNMENT
Mobs Rush Police Stations,
but Are Dispensed; Riots
Occur All Over Nation
STATE TO DRILL 2,500
FOOT WELL AT WEN DEN
(By Review Lrfnaed Wire
PHOENIX. April 17 The state will
J drill a well at Wenden. Yuma rounty,
if necessary, 2500 feet deep, in. an ef
fort to strike a flow of artesion water,
it was decided at a meeting of the
land board lodiy. T.'.e land commis
sioner was nuthortasl to c-all for Md-5
for the job. T?v?r-i is an acenmulitM
fund of nearly $50,000 available v r
this development work, it wjs taid.
FOREST PRODUCTS
INSTITUTE FORMED
Lumber Congress Resolves
Itself Into New Body; Of
ficers Re-elected
ALEXANDER TO JOIN
CUBS NEXT TUESDAY
CBy Revifw Leased Wire)
, CHICAGO, April 17. After getting
measured for a uniform, Grover Cleve
land Alexander, premier pitcher of the
National league, left here tonight for
his home in St. Paul, Neb., to visit
his mother before starting the base
ball season. Alexander plana to join
the Cubs upon their return from the
spring training trip next Tuesday.
The big pitcher said that he would
be ready' to enter the game within 10
days after the opening of the season.
He pitched five games while in the
army in France and said his arm did
not show the slightest effect of the
work.
STRIKE MOVE OPPOSED
BY LABOR LEADERS
(By Tleview Leased Wire
SEATTLE, Wn., April 17 Labor
leaders sajd today that they did not
believe any action toward a general
strike would be taken at a meeting,
called by the Central Labor Council,
for Sunday to consider a. general
walkout here to help union longshore
men obtain recognition, which they
say. Is at present denied them. The
longshoremen allege employes are
endeavoring to establish open shop
conditions on- the water front.
Tvl .r. .
Every mother cf a grovir.g boy h
anxious to have Her soa manly and
Healthy. Put hir in overalls and let
him fcve cut t'cors.
Two-Horse Brand
BineLidigoDjti)
ft 't
I , -'.? . v''l
v". ' " ', ' -
ars the. right
Lind, cannot pos
sibly be ripped
and when soiled
have only to be
washed to look
like new.
Cost no more
than ordinary
overalls. Re
member this
guarantee
A new pair
FREE
if they rip
AWARDED GSAKD
PRIZS AT P. P. I. E.
(By Review Lea sen Wire)
CHICAGO, April '17. The first
American lumber congress today re
solved Itseif into the American For
est Prcducts institute, a new body in
tended to bring all branches of the
timber and lumber business into close
co-operation. Organization of the in
stitute will be perfected at later date.
Itesolutioas adopted included an in
dorsement of a deep waterway from
the Great Lakes to the Gulf of Mexi
co, and an expression of confidence
"in the patriotic purposes and sin
cerity" of Director General Hines of
the railroad administration, who ad-
dressed the congress yesterday. j
John H. Kirby, Houston, Texas, and
Dr. "Wilson Compton, Chicago, were;
re-elected president and secretary of ;
the National Lumber Manufacturers',
association. . i
NEW WOMEN'S SWIM
RECORD ESTABLISHED!
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
MILWAUKEE, Wis.,' April 17.
Helen Thompson, swimming under the
colors of the Milwaukee 'A. C, estab
lished a new record of 1:321-5 for
women in the 100 yard breast stroke
even tof a card of mixed champion
ships under the auspices of the Cen
tral association A. A. U. tonight. The
former record was 1:34.
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
I SAN FRANCISCO, April 17. For-
mal denial that a Korean provisional
! government had been set up in Seoul
was made nere today by T. Ohta,
Japanese consul general. He stated
also that Japanese authorities denied
the Korean declaration of indepen
dence was openly distributed by the
provsiional government in Seoul.
Cabled advices of the progress of
the revolution given out by Mr. Ohta
today, said:
"April 11. A mob of 200 people vio
lently attacked the office of the .local
government of.Chooen county, in the
Koo Kai Do, where there were on the
same day two other disturbances on a
smaller scale, but all of them were
1 subdued without casualties.
"A violent attack was made by
moos on gendarmes wno were pur
suing certain revolutionists Reushin
county of the Keikl Do. The gend
armes protected themselves by firing
a gun which killed one of the mob.
crowd then disbanded. In two
disturbances In'South Keishoo Do
and one each in South Zenra Do, Koo
kai Do and Koogen Do, mobs were
reported numbering from twenty to
; 300 persons, but later they were all
dunersdd without damage to either
side. ' ,
"April 12. In Kinkai county of
South Zenra Do, a mob of 200 rushed
;at the patro'j station and . indicted
some 4amage. They were at first re
pulsed by the gendarmes, but again
cabe back in greater strength, which
was met by the gendarmes and infan
trymen who fired jointly upon the
lawless crowd.; It is "probable that
there may be -a considrable number
of casualties.
FEDERAL OFFICER TO
AID CHOLERA FIGHT
PHOENIX, April 17. J. J. Jacks,
federal veteriaarian, has arrived from
Jefferson City, Mo., to join State Vet
erinarian Hight in a fight against hog
cholera and other livestock diseases.
The federal veterinarian has his of
fice in the livestock sanitary board's
quarters at the capitol.
TOO MANY SOLDIERS
STAY IN NE WYORIC
(By Review I-ease1 Wire)
NEW YORK. April 17. Too many
out of town soldiers returning from
France are remaining in New York to
accept places of employment formerly
held by New York men str.l in mili
tary and naval service, in the opin
ion of the employment bureau, of the
77th division. Eighty per cent of the
77th, which is still in France, com
prises New York City men in the na
tional army. Because of the employ
ment situation here, it was announced
the 77th advance contingent, which
arrived home some weeks ago, had
adopted the slogan, "New York jobs
for New York soldiers,' 'and it was
stated that inquiry had shown that
New York employers were giving ref
erence to New Yorkers.
LLOYD GEORGE LEAVES
LONDON FOR FRANCE
LONDON, April 17. (British wire
less service.) Premier Lloyd George
left London this morning for Paris. He
was accompanied by the Earl of Cur
zon and Viscount Milner.
Holbrook, Ariz., Oil Field
The Holbrook Oil Field is today in a position similar
to Ranger and Burkburnett a year or more ago. The
geological formation is known as the Pennsylvania
series of the Carboniferous Age.
Col. J. A. Puffinger, a geologist, formerly with the
Standard Oil Company, says in his report on the Hol
brook field: "All the big Oklahoma and Pennsylvania
Oil fields, as well as many others, are found jn the for
mation of this age. ... I also find a large fume
role which is indicative of great pressure of gas. . These
fumeroles are found in Kansas and Texas on the Crustal
raises where the wells flbw 20,000 barrels." '
Four companies now drilling. Get acreage leases
at $2.50 and $5.00 per acre before they strike the oil, or
get located yourself on the best open ground by an
engineer who is familiar with the entire section. See
J. A. CAMPBELL
Copper Queen Hotel
esar-
NEW STOREY PLAY
GRIPS AND THRILLS
AT EAGLE TODAY
"The Silent Woman." a story of
the Great Northwest, is the latest"of
the forceful Metro plays in which
Edith Storey, the great dramatic
star, will be seen. This picture will
be shown at the Eagle theater to
day with a cast of supporting players
of corresponding prominence.
The screen play was adapted from
the story written by Lois Zellner. It
shows the happy, care-free Nan Mc
Donald, "the idol of the lumberjacks,"
in her quiet life, as a clerk in a Hud
son, bay trading post. Here her exist
ence is one of simple pleasure and
helpfulness to others. Then tragedy
comes to her. A family from the east
arrive in town, and by her goodness to
their little child she i3 drawn into the
home life of the strangers. Here she
learns manv things the telling of
which would wreck a woman's honor
and a man's life. Against her own
happiness she keeps what she has
learned to herself. How death inter
venes and how the ungoverned pas
sions of an unscrupulous man even
tually bring about her happiness is
graphically shown in this enthralling
play in which the popular star is seen
at her best. Adv.
TOP
Right here, right
now, and right ever
after you ,will find
our shoes built to '
give your foot
ax I rnenaiy ( support
A snappy styles-and
prices tnat are just
right for the highest
quality at the lowest
cdst.
EASTER
SPECIAL
Men's Mahogany
and Toney Red
English Bals
Barry Makes
Specially Priced
$75
KOBEY'S
"Dress Up .for Easter"
, Phone today and have Thej
Review come to you regularly, j
SCIATIC PAIKS
trating effects of Sloan's !
Liniment !
So do those rheumatic twinges and
the loin-aches of lumbago, the nerve
inflammation of neuritis, the wry neck,
the joint wrench, the ligament sprain,
the muscle strain, and the throbbing
bruise. 3
The ease of applying, the oulckncsa
of relief, the positive results, the clean
liness, ar.d the economy of Sloan's
liniment make it universally preferred.
""-Jf1 -! 1ir
65 Loganbeiiie
illilli
''
Are used to flavor one
Jifiy-Jell dessert. The juice
is condensed and sealed in
a vial.
This is one of our best
' fruit flavors. Compare it
with the old-style quick
gelatine desserts.
10 Flavor, of Your Grocer's
2 Package fjr 25 Cent ,
TO im PEOPLE OF BISBEE
DO YOU WANT A GOOD CHANCE TO OWN A TEXAS OIL WELL?
If so, call and let me explain to you what your money will huy in
Nolan County, Texas. Nolan County has sixteen contracts signed for
deep test wells, two wells now drilling, eight rigs on the ground for
other locations and will begin to go down in a few days. Geologists
say that part of Nolan County has as fine a showing for oil as can be
found in Texas. Nolan County is 70 miles west of Ranger field. There
is a string of wells now going down all the way from Nolan County to
the Ranger field. The well3 in Nolan County are to be 3,500 feet
deep. Now I am the owner of some good leases near some of these
wells; I also have some good leases of other parties to sell. Now
here is what your money will buy right now before the advance In
leases takes a jump: 5100 will buy one 10-acre block near the well;
5200 will buy 20 acres near the well; 5150 will buy 10 acres right in
the middle of a drifting contract; 51,600 will buy 40 acres that Joins
the well; 52,000 will buy 80 acres one-quarter of a mile froifl well;
5375 will buy 125 acres three miles from well; 5600 will buy 60 acres
near the well right In the oil structure; 53,200 will buy 640 acres near
the well a fine proposition for a litUe stock company. I hare other
bargains. These prices on leases will soon be a thing of the past.
Now is the time to buy; it is the chance of a lifetime. I lived in
Ranger for years; I know all the oil fields In that country; I know
the crooks and corners; I know when the land has a good title or
when it has a bad title. There are schemes being worked every day
to skin the other fellow, so be sure tha you know where you place
your money.
I propose to deal with you on the square. Don't pay me one
cent for anything until you know whether I am straight or not. Now,
please pardon me, but my- sister, Mrs. Nannie Walker, of Ranger,
owns the first well that was drilled In the Ranger field. She has 700
acres, therefore I don't have to be a crook to get a few dollars. 1
furnish you a good title to all I sell you; all of these leases have been
abstracted down to date; will furnish you opinions of leading attor
neys. - Please bare in mind that when you buy one of these leases you
also get 7 1-8 royalty with the lease; so if any of the wells around
you come im good then the oil people will drill a well on your lease
for half of the oil, or you can sell your lease for a good price. Now
is the time to buy while it is cheap. I have paid my license to do
business in Bisbee.
References without permission; as to my honest dealings I refer
you to the Texas Bank & Trust Co. of Sweetwater, Texas; Warren
Beall, district judge; Ed. Bardwell, sheriff; John H. Ford, represen
tative; Paul B. Samson, grocery; Willson & Splllers. leading attorneys;-all
of Sweetwater, which is, my henfe . - . : . i .
Office in Taylor Machine Shop, Allen Block. " Call and see me.
Respectfully,
C. S. RAY
r
50e
COPPE1R
5c
w 1 r I
rli
laoci . -
Levi Strar.cs & Co.. Sen Francisco
I
v2
'AH, 77
Warren
Bisbee
Lowell
Potato Salad Lobster Salad Chicken Salad
Combination Salad Tuna Fish Salad
Shrimp Salad Fish Lobsters Oysters
Shrimps Canned Fish, etc.
Are You Looking for a Good, Clean Investment?
THE ARIZONA BISBEE COPPER CO. OF BISBEE, ARIZONA, OR
GANIZED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF ARIZONA.
19 claims, or 380 acres, situated in the Warren. Mining District, in
the same district ancr locality as the .Wolverine, White Tail Deer, Night
Hawk and Boras mines,, all of which are in ore and their stock selling at
or above par. i
At the meeting of the Board of Directors of the above .Company,
held here on Monday, April 14, 1919, they agreed to put' 50,000 shares
of this stock on the market at 50 cents per share, par value $1.00, and
non-assessable.
Heretofore this Company has been a close corporation, all equip
ment and sinking up to date has been financed by the Company person-,
ally. There are equipments on the ground at the present time' to sink
to the depth of one thousand feet, all paid for, and in excellent condi
tion and leaving a substantial cash balance on hand.
The money derived from the sale of this new issue of stock will be
used for additional work that has been mapped out at this meeting.
The public of late has gone mad over oil stocks and a great many of the companies
that have sold stock have proven to be failures or wild cat schemes of the worst kind.
Men that work or have worked In the copper mines know copper and its value; also
the future of It and its prospects. ...
Why should you send your money out of the state to let some one else invest it for
you in something you know nothing about or where It is going to, when there is opportunity
here to make money? . s
You may be promised fabulous returns on your investment, but how many realize
those promises? Ask the men that have been there.
Don't you think it good conservative business judgment to put your money into some
thing here at home, something you know and understand? This property Is here you can
go and look it over and come to your own conclusions as tc its future. If location or surface
showing amount to anything, this is the making of a big mine.
You all know what 50 cents has done for its Investors in the making of the big pro
ducers here today.
There never has been any wild catting in this district, nor has there ever been a failure
in making a mine in this district when a shaft has been sunk. Now, why don't you take all
this into consideration and take advantage of this offer? You all know the men that are
connected with this Company; if you don't, Bea me and I will tell you. These men are sound,
conservative business men, that made their money in the mines and large property holders
of this district and have lived here for years.
There is a two compartment standard shaft and to date are down 245 feet and making
from 4 to 5 feet a shift. On May 1 there will be an additional shift put on so as to rush the
work. The Company's intention is to cut a station at 300 feet and start to drift and cross-cut
but at the same time continue to sink.
Now, remember this, there are only 50,000 shares that I have to put
on the market, and no more, and 1 assure you that when this is gone
there will be no more at that price. Now, it is up to you to take advant
age of this offer, as 50,000 shares will not last long in this district. Yours,
Phone Black 891 P. A BERTOLANI P; O, Box 831
1 FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. FRIDAY, APRIL 18, 1919.
9
. 1
Published Evtry Day Except Monday,
C-mpany
'MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
Tte Associated Press is exclusively,
of all news dispatches credited to it or
ana aiso, tue local news published therein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches herein are also reserved
Entered as Second Clasa Mall Matter
March
SUBSCRIPTION RATES,
Per week .'.
Six months
Twelve months
Sunday (our weekly) per year
Red Is the
Why are bolsheviki known as Reds? Why do all revolutionists in
stinctively wave a red flag? Why red instead of eome -other color? A
British scientist explains.
Red, the danger color, represents mental excitement and unrest. It
is the symbol of action of turmoil.
Jules Guerin, color expert of the San Francisco Exposition, proved by
tests that red excites, the mind. Dr. L. E. Landon went further discov
ered that red wallpaper produces nervousness, bad temper and head
ache. "As mad as a bull flaunted by a red rag."
1 Take another color, blue. As peace emerges from war, blue is the
smart color for women's garments. The international flag used in relief
expeditions sent forth by the peace conference is blue on a white back
ground. "Certainly!" say the scientists. "Blue is a pacifying color. It repre
sents peace, just as blue wallpaper soothes a fretful mind and jumpy
nerves."
What is your favorite color? an important question, for your taste
in colors reveals your real self. -
Green rests the eyes; we use it for eyeshades. Nature employs
it extravagantly in grass, trees, plants. If you love green, your disposi
tion is contented, harmonious, well-balanced.
People fond of violet or purple incline to be dreamy, temperamental,
unusual. Dye a man's body purple. Place bim In a room where he sees
naught but purple. Swiftly his stomach revolts. Eventually he goes
insane.
"Yellow makes us calm, satisfied, sluggish.
Red excites to action, makes one emotional. Scientists even claim
that a red undershirt Increases a wo rkman's energy.
Plants placed under green glass fade and wither. Under blue glass,
they grow rapidly and to exceptional size.' So also color affects humans.
What i3 color, this strange thing that powerfully affects our bodies
and minds though it can 'be neither measured nor weighed?
Color is to light what pitch it to sound.
The popular idea, that white is merely the absence of all color, is not
correct. Newton, made famous by an apple falling on his head, proved
that white light is a mixture of all colors. Try his experiment a ray of
white light, thrown through a prism, breaks, into its parts, all colors of
the spectrum. ...
Color is imaginary. Take red cloth. It, is not really red. The red
color comes in the sunlight or other light. It strikes clot Mhat reflects
only waves that produce red light and we say the cloth is red. The
same light strikes an object that reflects other light waves and that
object appears blue, orange, green, etc'.
Select clothing, carefully. Use caution when you re-paper your home.
Color is good medicine and bad poison. So say the scientists.
Quo Vadis ?
A prelato of wide experience in Russia, on his return to this country,
stated that the pre-revolution faith reverence and worship among the
peasant class for the czar surpassed anything ever before, seen on earth.
This churchman expressed the belief that these peoples would, in
time, rebuild their faith and reverence; with the ruler of the universe
for the object of their adoration.
It may happen bo, but present indications in Russia are that disbelief,
chaos, indifference to eithcr.faith. o"orks, have replaced the old .devout
humility. ,
Our guess is that the Russian people will go to the other extreme
and deride all creeds, and probably wind up as godless as they today are
lawless.
And then, in the Infinite's good time, this people will emerge washed
in blood and tears, and purged through national misfortune, and, (in
humility, will rebuild its faith and go ahead.
Men and nations and races veer from extreme worshipfulness to
anarchy. I
Times of reformation, of revolt against church dominion, are usually
marked by utter license.
Nations go on a drunk as thoroughly as tired business men, and
faith, to date, and good deeds have not become so innate in the human
animal that he keeps on being pious, regardless of whether he has a
belief left in his old idols or no.
It is more pleasing to believe that all men are naturally good, rather
than that by generations of endeavor they achieved decency; but the evi
dence appears to be that humanity loves the muck, and has to get a mud
bath about every so often to have the need for salvation impressed on it.
Without personal experience of the javelins of evil conduct the saint'B
armor seem3to the wearer a needlessly heavy burden.
Farms for Soldiers and Others
-Secretary of the Interior Lane has revamped his 'farms for soldiers"
program, and will ask the 66th Congress for over 5300,000,000 with wRich
to launch the land colonization scheme. This is considerably more than
the last Congress was asked to appropriate.
There is no doubt about soldiers many of them wanting to try
farming. Also, there are civilians who would like to go back or for
ward to the land. Why not enlarge the program to include everyone
willing and able to produce food?
i Already the land colonization scheme has been tried out by the state
of California at Durham, and there is no doubt about it being successful.
Secretary Lane hopes to try the same thing in other states, first as experi
ments and then as established features in the government's reclamation
service. ; ' . "S2Sji
Australia, Canada, and other countries have found that to get food
producers producing food on idle land a comprehensive plan of farm
building must be undertaken. , You cannot tell a man to go into a swamp,
upon arid plain, or on cut-over timber lands and settle down as once we
sent pioneers to the prairies of the west.
The United States must use every possible acre of farm land or be
come a food importing country. The best way in which to compel use
of Idle acres is to make fields of them drained, irrigated, cleared,
fenced, with farm buildings, and arranged in community neighborhoods.
. The I. W. W. would be rid of the employer, "the one enemy of labor."
And then everything would be lovely if we could only persuade our stom
achs to abolish that empty feeling.
All the nations want peace. The
other things.
.In this row between the Jugo-Slovs and Italy, justice will doubtless
consist in giving the most to the side able to make the most trouble If
given the least.
Much of the world's present hysteria is due to the fact that it has
been deprived of the kick of its customary scarebeads.
If nations are suspicious of one another now, what will they be
when thi3 morning-after righteousness wanes?
.-. .' ' '
; -: There is radical equality in the desire to. grab China's resources. ;
Every body has enough strength
At any rate there will be Hundatory control of colonies.
It m!fh.t be a good Idea for all of
There caa be no peace while Italy
by the State Consolidated Publishing
entitled to the use for re-publicatlon
not otherwise credited to this paper,
at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
8, 1879.
PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
. .
.. .
.20
. 4.00
....... 7.50
2.60
Danger Color
trouble is that they want bo many
of character to quit a good habit.
us to strike for higher ideals.
is fuming about Fiunie.
Here and there in Arizona
PLENTY FOR ALL,
SAYS MARSHALL
. PHOENIX, Apr.l 17. "There U
ample in America for everyone."
This was what Thomas K. Marshall,
vice-president, stated at the Woman's
club yesterday when he addressed a
capacity audience composed almost
entirely of club women.
In his talk on the "Reconstruction
Period," Mr. Marshall featured the im
portance of making out of the republic
a real democracy. In speaking of the
"World made over again," he pointed
out the part the women are to play.
'The future of America depends upon
the attitude of the women of America.
It is idle to dream we are going back
to the old conditions before the war,"
he said as he charged the club women
to address themselves to social serv
ice. "Rehabilitation of American life as
far as you are concerned begins with
the Salt river valley," Mr. Marshall
said as he urged the women to go in
for reform in their immediate vicin.
ity and not those 1000 miles re
moved. One of the most important question,
which controls the rehabilitation he
held to be the ballot. He came out
decidedly opposed to the Susan B. An
thony amendment and devoted no
small part of his speech to denouncing
the amendment, and the methods ol
the women behind it.
"I am opposed to it because it does
not set the question of suffrage right.
I hold that no one should vote in this
country unless he is a full American
citizen and can rfead, write and speak
the English language. The Susan B
Anthony amendment does not cover
those features, and I do not believe in
placing the right to vote in the hancs
of the ignorant."
The vice-president stated that dur
ing all the tumultous period of war he
noted women sitting listless in the
senate gallery and buttonholdlng him
self among others in the corridors, ot
the senate in the interests of the
amendment. He contrasted these wo
men with the club women of America
who during those days demonstrated
that they were the real women of
America, the real American citizens
deserving the right to vote.
HOME FROM CONFERENCE
PHOENIX. ADrll 17.- The Arizona
vmresentatives to the second annual
conference for vocational education
have returned, and -report one ol the
best educational conferences they
have attended.
'Th conference was highly valu
able to those who are trying to ad
vance the cause of vocational train
ine." said Director Colodny. "Arizona
was shown to have the most liberal
legislation to aid vocational training
of any state in the Pacific section, and
in have a lanrer nercentaee 50 per
cent of her schools offering Smith-
Hughes classes than any other state
represented at the conference."
The next conference will be new at
Salt Lake City, will be five days in
length instead ot .three, and subse-
auent conferences will be nem m om-
er states represented. -;.'::Z:
WAR VETERANS ORGANIZE
TUCSON, April 17. The Great War
Veterans of Pima county, starting out
with a charter membership of over
100. was organized at a meeting ot
service men and discharged service
men held 3t the National Guard arm
ory last evening.
General Jones presided as tempo
rary chairman and G L. Heineman as
temporary secretary, who gaTe way to
permanent officers selected later in
the meeting and who are as follows:
Dr. C. A. Thomas, president.
Kenneth Brown, vice-president.
G. L. Heinemann, recording secre
tary. .
Ray Jenkins, financial secretary.
R. H. Neilson. treasurer.
Board of trustees: Gerald Jones, Dr.
J. I. Butler and E. P. Bernard.
A volley of cheers swept the hall
when, after the business of organiza
tion had been disposed of, Gerald
Jones offered resolutions condemning
the red flag as the symbol of bolshev
ism and anarchy and pledging the
strength of the 'organization to the
prevention of the setting up of this
alien standard on the shores of Amer
ica. The resolution follows:
Be it Resolved, That it is the sense
of the Great War eVterins of Pima
county:
The object of thi3 association is, in
brief, to serve our country and our
selves. This association is absolutely inde
pendent of any organization whatso
ever, except as it may please us to
affiliate with like associations. It is
non-political, non-religious, non-racial
and non-sectional.
We are firm in. our determination to
keep it tree from politics. We do not
approve of a soldiers' political party,
and we shall resent any effort, either
within or without, to make political
capital of this association.
Prejudice and bigotry had no place
in the army. A man's politics mattered
not; neither did his' religion. The
army was a great leveler. Men of all
classes, creeds, races, sections men
ol every shade of political belief,
white men, black men, men rich ana
men poor. Protestants, Catholics,
Jews, non-believers all these kinds of
men, and more, went to make up our
army and wore the uniform. And
thus we came to know -one another
and respect our several rights and
points of view. And we are bringing
this great spirit of toleration home.
It is the keynote of our association.
Let no soldier, sailor or marine hesi
tate to become a member of this or
ganization. It is our pride that we
know no distinctions. If you were good
enough to weaiV the . uniform,' and did
so cheerfully and honorably,' you are
good enough to be one of us.. Here
we are i.ot sons of different races, we
are not officers and enlisted men, we
are not the rich and the poor, but
simple Americans who participated in
the great war associated together to
serve our country and ourselves.
We can serve ourselves in many
ways by cementing the ties of coiu-
jradeship that exist among us; by lend
ing a helping hand to those who may
bo unfortunate; by assisting one an
other to resume our places in civil
life; by intelligent observance of pa
triotic ceremonies, the absence of
which' on the part of civilians was so
long a source of mortification. In
many other ways we can serve one
another. Indeed, what greater benefit
can come to us than that which we
shall derive from the performance of
the other and greater object of this as
sociationservice to our country.
Old Glory is our flag. To us it
means a people's government, liberty,
justice, union, prosperity. It means
more It means a glorious story of
sacrifice, of gallantry and of achieve
ment. Condemn Bolshevism
'We abhor and detest the red flag
and all it stands for. It means distress
and despair instead of prosperity, des
potism Instead , of liberty, murder,
rapine and destruction instead of jus
tice, division instead of unity it
means bclshevism, I. W. W.'ism and
anarchy. And now when the chaos
that the red flag has brought is ram
pant among some of the older nations
of the world, and its detestable agents
are seeking every opportunity to sow
the seed of their discord in this coun
try, to all but the blind it must be ap
parent that there is danger ahead. And
it behooves us soldiers, devoted to our
government and determined that it
shall abide, to set- our faces firmly
against this terrible scourge, uphold
the hands of our government, and let
the anarchists know that they never
shall plant their red flag on our
soil.
We have come back home, we think,
better men and better citizens. And,
too, we are proud of and thankful to
those women and men who helped so
materially at home. . We join hands
with them for service to our country
and our flag.
And Be it "Further Resolved, That
this resolution be spread upon the
minutes of this meeting.
BANK DEPOSITS GIVEN
PHOENIX, April 17. According to
an announcement by the Chamber of
Commerce yesterday, the total bank
deposits of the state of Arizona, as
shown by the statements issued in re
sponse to" the call of the bank comp
troller on March 4, 1919, were $66,
996,146. The deposits of the banks of
Maricopa county were $18,976,825, and
deposits of the banks of Peoenix total
ed $14,908,798.
BOULDERS DAMAGE HOME
TEMPE, April 17 The home of J.
H .Cummings, "who lives at the north
end of the Tempe bridge, was badly
damaged yesterday morning when two
boulters coming from the blasting on
the highway, hit on the roof an(. fell
through into the house. Several mem
bers of the family narrowly escaped
being killed by the rocks.
MAY CALL CITY PLANNER
PHOENIX, Apri 17. The matter of
bringing a city planning expert to
Phoenix to look over the city and
make plans for a proposed civis cen
ter to include a city and county build
ing and a high school was brought
before the city commission today
through a letter from the Chamber of
Commerce.
Mayor Peter Corpstein said it would
be agreeable for the commission to
meet jointly with county and school
officials and discus sthe proposal.
City Manager V. A. Thompson said
it would cost about $3000 to bring
such an expert here for about a
month's worn. The commission left
it open for the Chamber of Commerce
to call the conference.
JOBS FOR 100 OPEN
PHOENIX, April 17. The employ
ment department of .the Great War
Veterans' association is now in posi
tion to place experienced underground
miners in any number, 50 carpenters,
10 electricians, .10 painters and SO
steamfittersS .
SOLDIER WINS FRENCH GIRL
TUCSON, April 17. A Tucson sol
dier with the American expeditionary
force in France, who has proposed
to a French girl, will be glad to know
that the French government has look
ed up his record and found that he is
a fit candidate for the hand and heart
of the little French maiden.
Chief of Police Bailey completed
his investigation yesterday and com
municated his findings to the French
consul general at San Francisco.
"The boy is all right," said Chief
Bailey yesterday, "and the match cau
go ahead."
The name of the young man it
would not be fair to tell at this stage
of the courtship, but he lives on the
south side and is a well know Tuc
sonar,. The letter received by Chief Bailey
from tho French consul general at San
Francisco, said that the young man
had asked the French maiden in ques
tion to become his wife, and as in
Fiance the consent of the parents is
necessary, the parents had taken the
matter up with a department of the
French government, which had been
asked to look up the standing of the
Tucson soldier. The consul had asked
the advice of the chief of police of San
Francisco, who had referred him to
Chief of Police Bailey.
Chief Bailey yesterday advised the
French consul general that the young
mans character and reputation in Tuc
sou were excellent, and in a few days
the cables will transmit the O. K. to
Paris, and thence to the parents of the
girl. And pretty soon after that, the
young mau will have his ans.wer.
HUNGARIAN WAR DEAD
MORE THAN A MILLION
BUDAPEST, April 17. Hungarian
losses in the war up to the last Italian
offensive ar eplaccd at 471.193 killei,
590,000 wounded, 328,282 prisoners and
40S.OO0 missiiiE. Of the latter 50 per
j ( enlt are believed to be dead. The
i losses in the ltuliiui offensive are es
I timated at 400,000.
HER IMPROVEMIiET
AMAZES FRIENDS
Looking After
Room House No Task To
Mrs. La Plant Now
"AH my friends know and can tell
you that for a long time I was almost
a nervous wreck, and this Tanlac has
made such a wonderful change in my
condition that they are simply amazed
at my improvement," said Mrs. Ella
La Plant, who conducts a large room
ing house at 412 Puyallup avenue, Ta
coma. Wash., the other day.
"For the last 12 years," she con
tinued, "I had been in a terribly run
down condition and during that wfiole
time hardly a day passed that I didnt
suffer from awful headaches. I bad
no appetite at all and what little 1
forced down would ferment in my
stomach and distress me for hours.
My kidneys were oui of order and
worried me night and day and my
nerves were so unstrung that, after
going to bed, any little sound, even the
rustling of a newspaper, would wake
me with a start and it would be some j
time before l coma .drop oft to sleep
again. I had a very large house to
look after, and I was so weak and mls
rable that a couple of hours' work
would exhaust me so that I'd just have
to quit for the rest of the day. The
fact is, loss of sleep and lack of nour
ishment had undermined my nervous
system and I was just wearing myself
out. " -
"I spent all the money I had on
medicines and treatments that did me
no good, and I had about given up
hope of ever getting well, when I be
gan to read about the good Tanlac
was doing others and I thought I
might as well try it. Well, sir, the
way I began to pick up right after
starting on it, surprised even me, for
after experience with other medicines
I did not expect such quick results.
My appetite is just fine too fine, th
way prices are now for I feel hungry
most all the time. My Kidneys don't
worry me at all now, and I am rid of
that terrible backache at last. Those
awful headaches are all gone, too,
vhich is a grand relief, besides, I sleep
all night like a child and feel bo
strong and rested when I get up in
the mornings, that I don't mind at all,
the work I have to do. in looking after
a 62-room house full of people.. Mj
father is now taking Tanlac and says
he is just feeling fine."
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug com
pany, in Paradise by G. A. Walker,, in
A Man
Can Borcxrw
Money on
What He
Puts Into
A Home
He Can't on
What He
Pays Out
For Rent
Bisbee Lumber
Company
(Incorporated)
E. MARKS, Manager
Lowell Car Stop Phone 25
,tpi i "
"'IjV' receiving deposits by mall, 4 compound Interest paid
l? j yi ' ou Savings Accounts. ?
MONEY MfflTE
We invite you to confer with any of our Offi
cers whenever wc can be of service to you in any
matter pertaining to your financial affairs.
Call in and meet our Officers.
BANK WITH US
T-' - V"J J..?: ?
Bowie by Bowie Drug company, in
! Sam Simon by J. B. Cock, in Willcox
i K- A A ', -l. .1. t ii 1 T
uy n.. nituuisuu, III IjOWeil uy IjU-
well Drug company, in Benson by C.
F. Mos3 Pharmacy, in Gleeson Dy B.
A. Taylor, In Warren by Warren
PhflPmapr in Pan,nA V .. T A rr- 1
j - , vc ujr a. m.. my. or,
OlXty-1 WO.in Tombsione by oByd's Drug store,
nr" . t I and In MrKpnl hv Mvq1
j LvuvHi .net vci
tile company. Adv.
Callus? Pes!
It Off Quickly!
.Nothing 0a Earth like "Gets-It"
For Corns and Calluses.
A spot of thickened skin on the
bottom of your foot which ao often
makes walking an asony, is as easily
removed by wonderful "Gets-It" as
Callus Comes Off Like Banana Peel!
any hard or soft corn anywhere on
.your toes. Look at this picture.
A few drops of "Gets-It" did the
work. The callus conies loose from
the true flesh. No Irritation what
ever. You peel the callus right off
Just like a banana peel peacefully
painlessly. Gets-It" does the same
thing' to any corn, without the use
of, sticky plasters, Irritating salves,
greasy ointments or bundling "tape.
There's no fussing no knife, no
Bcissors to use. Gets-It" Is used by
millions, because It's common pense,
and It never fails. Try it. prove it.
"Gets-It," the guaranteed, money
back corn-remover, the onlv sura
wny, costs but a trifle at anydmtr ftow.
Ml 'd by E. Lawrence : Co., Ch!capo,Ill.
Sold in Bisbee and recommended as
the world's best corn remedy by
Phelps Dodge Mercantile company and
Central Pharmacy.! Adv.
Y.W.C.A. Blue Triangle Cafeteria
MEAL. SCHEDULE
Breakfast from 6:50 to 8:30
Lunch from fl:30 to 1:30
Dinner from 5:00 to 6:80
Sunday, Breakfast 7:30 to 9:30
Sunday Dinner from 12:00 to 2:00
BROTHERHOOD or AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 89b, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vich hall. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
F. W. TURNER, Foreman,
Phone Black 45.
P. O. Box 981, Warren.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent, Box 1 406.
Warren District Soldiers' and Sail
ors' club meets in I. O. O. F. hall first
and third Wednesday nights in each
month. Ex-soldiers and sailors cordial
ly welcome. H. C. Haines, Com
mander. Adv.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
L. O. t NO. 210.
meets in I. O.
O. F. Hall 2nd
and 4th Wed
nesday at 7:30
p. m.
Visiting Broth
ers cordially
invited to at-
tend.
y i r-
WM. T. SMITHAN. VV. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
- No. 175, F. O.
E., meets 1st
,'J .isB'-jj days, 8 p. m.,
Eagles Hall.
Visitors . cor
. d i a 1 1 y wel
come. EDWIN OLLERENSHAW, Pres.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
U. U EDMUNDSON, Aerla Physician.
" - j-
.r'- ' -T ----V
Lodge Notices
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bene Lodge No. It
Knlgbu of Pythlat,
meets each Tuesday
(except second) In Odd
Fellows' Hall' at 7:39
T
If
JACK CAIN.
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially. Invited.
C. C.
W. E. McCALLUM, K. of R. S.
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited to attend.
E. 3. MATHEWS, Exalted Ruler.
C. W. HICKS, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
P- m., Finnish halL
- R. A. WOOD, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
OROEFt OF EASTERN STAR
meets In Masonic HaQ
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
In Masonic Hall seoond and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m,
MRS. HELENA RAGSDALE, W. M.,
Phone 500.'
MRS. JESSIE LEV AN, Sec'y. P. O.
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Corn.
Phone 471.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED t
AMERICAN MECHANIC
MwitB In I. O. O. F.
fTnl. lTirt anri THi
jVv r-"" ,4 tJOimuavB, v toll 1U
Kr$r broUie welcome.
J. L. BENTON. Councillor.
P. L. WOODMAN. Jr.. RecSecy.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
Bisbee Lodge No.
452, meets the 2d
and 4th Satur
days each m on tii
at 7:30 at New
Odd Fnllnw'
Hall. Visiting members cordially In
vited. JULLV POOLE, President,
Phone 278.
GEO. I'OOLE, Treas., P. O. Box 2229
HONORA MUNCH, Secretary.
" Box 1621.
Bisbee Miners'
Union No. 125,
I n t ernatlonal
Union of Mine,
Mill & Smelter
Workers,
m e e 1 8 every
Sunday night
at Philadel
phia hotel
bldg., at 7 p.m.
J. WILBERT,
Secretary.
L.'M. PURCELL.
President.
R.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
night, Moose HalL
Visiting brothers cor
diully invited.
R. L GLEASON,
Dictator.
blSBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets t e r y
uunj X
evening at Odd ft- Jp.
Fellows' Hall VtaS
Subway street, at 7: SO o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
FRANK WET3STER, N. G.
G. A. PLUNKETT, Sec'y.
f
H y.u-i fc a-j W
w
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and 4th Tuesday evening of each j
month at Odd Fellows' hall. Visiting !
sisttrs are cordially invited. i
ELSIE CALEY, M. E. C
Phone Black 333.
OLIVE BAILEY, M. of R. C,
Phone 719.
IMPROVED ORDER
OF RED MEN
Meets First and Third
Thursday of each
month at Medigovlch
Hall. Visiting Broth
ers cordially Invited.
THOS. 11AST1E.
SAM
VERRAN, C. of P. Sachem.
APRIL 19, 1919 f
Monday
Tuesc&y
Wednesday 2d Dog.
Thursday Com.. Reg.
THOMAS HARG1S, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y F. & A. M.
W. R. BANKS. E. H. P.
N. C. BLEDSOE. T. I. M.
J. L. POWELL. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap-
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Hlsbee Cainr 'k," ""i
Meets 1st Saturday
Medigovich Hail
S. T. MOSS, Coaaul
a. F. MATItEWSON,
Clerk,
- f THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, APRIL 18, 1919.
FIVE
A
- 4
- i
I
- i
:
I
J
i
J
i
i
I
i
. -i
i
. i
I
AMERICAN CREW TO
ROW IN REGATTA Oil
SEINE JSJELEGTED
Army Eight for International
Meet Reads Like All
American Squad
PARIS, April 17. (By the Associat
ed Press.) The roster ol the Amer
ican crew whicn wul take part in the
international regatta on tne Seine
April 27, reads like an all-American
selection, and college yells, more fa
miliar to Poughkeepsie than to Paris,
will startle the natives on racing day.
The American crew is made up as fol
lows: Bow, Sergt. Coliis d. Coie,
Yale; (2) Priv. Royal Bird, Cornell;
(3) Sergt. Howard McHenry, Vale;
14) Capt. James Brinkerholf, Cornell;
U) Lieut. Tommy Jetferies, Harvard;
IB) Capt. Koyal Pullen, University or
Washington; (7) Capt. Harry Caoot,
Harvard; stroke, Lieut. H. S. Brooks,
Cornell; Lieut. Guy Gale, University
of Calitornia, coxswain.
The crew under tne coaching of'
Capt. C. D. "Wiman, Yale, 1S15, has
adopted a coniDination of the Yale
Harvard stroke which is working ei
Iiciently. The Yankee coxswain, who is an
expert aviator and pilot told the cor
respondent yesterday that should the
Seine continue to rise he would hur
dle the bridges with his shell, as there
was more room over than under.
The reason given for the withdrawal
of the English orew is that when they
came to the Seine tor training they
did not like the French type of boat,
which is heaviar than the English and
decided not to compete.
Each crew is made up of war veter
ans. The Newfoundlanders are shoe
ing a surprising amount of speed. The
coach, however, said that' his mea
were handicapped because they were
unaccustomed to eliding seats.
The Australian and New Zealand
crews are training on the Thames, but
are expected in Paris Sunday. The
Portuguese crews have been on the
water since February and the French
oarsmen are veterans who have rowed
there for years.
The dark horse in the race is Alsace
Lorraine. The men representing these
provinces are training in secret on
the Rhine,
Thus sturdy crews are dipping their
blades in some of the most famous
rivers in the world, the Seine, the
Thames and the Rhine, in preparation
for the inter-allied water carnival
which promises to be one of the big
sporting even social spectacles of the
French season.
DIVIDEND DECLARED
(By Review Leaded .Wire .
N.EW YORK, April 17. The board
of directors, of the International Mer
cantile corporation today declared a
dividend of 10 per cent out of net
profits of the company on account of
unpaid back dividends accruing upon
the preferred stock.
TA START TRANS-SEA FLIGHT
(By Review Leased "Wire)
LIMERICK, April 17. Maj. J. C. P.
Wood expects to start on his attempt
to cross the Atlantic in an airplane
early next week, according to an
nouncement made by Woods' repre
sentatives today.
THE MOST GRATIFYING
NEWS IN THE WORLD
The Greatest Pleasure Lay in the
Knowledge of the Fact That You
Are Able to Help Your
Fellow Beings.
DO UNTO OTHERS AS YOU EX
PECT OTHERS TO DO UNTO YOU
The Bibliothetlcal Proverb Material
izes. Money means nothing, for money is
not to be taken with you when you
pass from this world to the great un-j
known beyond. Money cannot, make!
you happy, nor can it give you the
feelings of gratification as the letter
below quoted can give. There are
millions of things that money can buy,
but a source of satisfaction such as
the one this ietter has produced can
not be procured by money. Read:
Magnolia, W. Va., March 17, 1019.
Laxcarin Products Co.,
Pittsburg, Pa.
Gentlemen: Please find enclosed
one dollar (l.OOj for which please
send nie at once another box of Lax
carin the great nerve and blood tonic.
Pkake send at once to address below
and obli:;e,
(Signed) JNO. A. FLORA.
Box 5, Magnolia, W Va.
The original of this letter is on our
files, and we will gladly show name to
anyone who is willing to look at it.
This letter means to us that Lax
carin is the uest preparation lor
blood and nervousness. It is more. It
is a tissue builder and will assist you
in recuperating after serious illness,
such as the influenza, nervous break
down, or any other disease which
leaves traces behind. You should not
hesitate to send for Laxirou if you are
in a nervous condition or if you are
losing weight steadily, it is the best
thing for you. In order, however, to
do away with unnecessary ordering
and to save money, better order
enough for a full treatment at once
which usually consists of six boxes,'
the cost of which is five dollars, or if
you so desire you may order Just one
box for one dollar. Write today for
same and tomorrow be convinced of
i Laxiron's rffectiveness. Laxcarin
Products coinpHiiy, Department Eo2,
Pittsburg, Pa. Accept no substitutes.
To Gxtch a ro
. . V M
PROPINQUITY StX -
SPOT?T.T
3, SPORTS
If you want to catch them and
train them up the way you want
them to grow, this is a very easy
method.
The basic theory of this line of
attack is an appeal to vanity, and
men have lots of it.
Most young men are interested
in sports, they, read 'the sport
page, baseball and football are
important things to them.
If you want to catch these birds
.pay attention to sport chatter at
school, read the sport page for
vocabulary. Get so you can talk
about pitchers (and catchers and
fullbacks and halfbacks as if you
knew all about them.
When you pick your victim all
you have to do is ask him ques
tions about this game cr that.
Be sure you pick questions that
he can answer.
Never argue with him.
Always believe what he tells
you.
Let him talk.
Tell him he is a caveman.
Pretty soon he'll be thinking of
you as "some girl" and taking you
to the ball games and movies, and
you will have him safely hooked.
In catching one with this meth
od yo umight as well pick one
whose folks have money". It
comes in handy.
SOLDIERS APPEAL TO
BISBEE FOR BOOKS
Have you any old bocks or maga
zines around the house? If you nave
you can serve a real purpose.
The boys in khaki who guard the
international boundary line and our
town company of soldiers at Lowell
would like to have them. An appeal
has been received by the Y. M. C. A.
and the Commercial club for books
and magazines. Any old kind will do
just so they contain reading matter
After doinj a stretch of guard duty
in the hot sun and consuming a good
quantity of alkali dust a soldier is
content to take to his bunk for a brief
spell. And while Ire's dc'.ng bunk
fatigue there is nothing he likes better
than a good story. It relaxes his
nerves and makes him forget' that in
a few more hours he will have to re,
peat the performance he has just fin
ished. Packing a rifle for four hour3
at a stretch isn't all roses by any
means.
So bring on those old books and
magazines
ft-.1l i in. a--'..' .m'-i? rT m ii ii
Eoveralls Keep Kids Kleen
PRACTICAL, HEALTHFUL. ECONOMICAL
' GARMENTS . FOR. SMALL CHILDREN
1
Practical
piece, and can
They fit and
V comfortable in
A problem perplexing,
It all that ts vexing,
This soler.m child usually
to jolly.
She just ti'?fr io knoiv,
II here a person ran gn,
To get Kovtralit ix'nt hers, for
J.ir djlij.
A
New
Suit
FI
r
V ,
f- - . ' IS
- t
ft
7." .J i
i . , ;
If
They
Rip
Look for this
red woven label
Tcike no substitute
Made ami Guaranteed by
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
SAN FRANCISCO
r.OYtte'ii t m 5RAH0 Tt Zl
DffCSr tCONOWY HOlUCKCrPfNC - TMC WO"W
Turks Back of
Disorders in
Egypt Claim
BOSTON, April 17. Charges
that the Young Turks tre respon
sible for the disorders in Egypt
as well a3 for organized murder
of Christians in Turkey, are con
tained in a statement made to
night by Miran Sevasly, chairman
cL the Armenian National union.
Commenting upon an Associated
Press dispatch from London tell
ing of reports received from Rear
Admiral Webb, R. N., at Constan
tinople of the serious condition in
Turkey, Mr. Sevasly said:
"The report published from
London on the gravity cf the Tur
kish situation is confirmed by re
liable reports that have reached
the offices of the Armenian Na
tional union. Unless America
and the allied powers take drastic
steps the world may witness a
fresh catastrophe which will en
gulf all that remains of the his
toric Armenian and Greek popu
lation?! of Armenia and Asia
Minor."
Because they are made in one
be slipped on and off instantly.
look well, and yet are loose and
every part.
r i - i
Healthful Far superior to bloomers. No
tight elastic bands to stop the free circulation of
blood and retard freedom of motion. . .
Economical Saving wear on the
good clothes saving washing so well
made that they are outgrown long be
fore they are worn ouL
$1.50 iHe suit
everywhere
fCOVERALLS
J-ieg .U.S. Peit .Of f.
Accept no other
garment
Made of Indigo dyed blue denim,
and genuine blue and white hickory
stripes. Also lighter weight, fast-color
material in a variety of pleasing designs
all appropriately trimmed with fast-color
galatea. All garments made in Dutch
neck with elbow sleeves of high neck
and long sleeves.
Folder (in colors) showing different
materials sent free cn request.
Sizes i to 8 years. "
(OVERALLS
REG, U.S. PAT. OFF.
LEVI STRAUSS &C0.
SAN TRANCISCO.CAL.
I
i tin Tjni.ni P!fi8 inH-sitisna! trps?!'J!n,
SETTLEMENT HEAR III
TELEPHONE STRIKE,
BELIEVE OFFICIALS
Burleson Instructs fManager
of bystem to Consult
With Employes
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, April 17. Basis for
settlement of the strike of telephone
operators and allied workers in New
England, which has paralyzed tele
phone service since Tuesday, was be
lieved by officials tonight to have
been reached.
Action of Postmaster General Burle
son today In forwarding to General
Manager Driver of the New England
Telephone & Telegraph company the
demands of the striking operators
with instructions to hear the employes
either individually or collectively up
on receiving assurances that they
would return to work immediately.
was considered as following a basis
for agreement.
Following the postmaster .general's
announcement Secretary Tumulty,
who yesterday sent a telegram to
Miss Julia S. O'Connor, president of
the operators' unior, requesting that
the unlonr submit its demands to the
general manager, repeated his request
in another telegram to Miss O'Con
nor. Postmaster General Burelson
had announced that action would be
taken by trre fire board on the general
manager's recommendation on or be
fore May 10.
TACOMA LABORERS TO
BOYCOTT FIFTH LOAN
(By Review Lea-ed Wire)
TACOMA, April 17. The Tacoma
central labor council has voted not
to appoint a labor representative on
the Victory loan committee, or have
anything to do with pushing the bonds
it was announced today.
The action is regarded 33 an at
tempt by the radical labor element
to boycott the loan, it was asserted by
conservative labor men today.
The vote was taken when a com
munication from the Tacoma Victory
lean, tommittee was read asking the
central labor council to appoint' a.
member to serve on the committee
and to . co-operatie inducing working
men to purchase bonds.
Its .;::;
ft torn aai y sua a
o
n the way down town
After a baked apple for breakfast! Wasn't it
good? Tastes better than a raw apple more
flavor. Now as you light it notice the de
licious "cooked" flavor of your
aft .
cigars
H
&
REPRESENTATION ON
LEAGUE OF NATIONS
SOUGHT BY FARMERS
.t" X3"? will be viewed
partmentoTLontro subma-
' u' j iQ.-W . .iyy " ; ,r'r' :,T"S V"'-'-v' '
(By Re
y-iu? Vr.it, .Apnr ';j7rMtesoiutjoii3
were- adopted at the closiuaj " JesKioii
today of the nation Conveiitir;Gf
the Farmers Educational : arid,V'(io
operative union asking for represen
tation of farmers on the league ,t ,-nar
tiqns. A copy of the resolutions was
sent to the American peace delegat
tion at Paris by cablegram. v ' - -Specifically,
the resolutions request
"the creation of a department in the
league of nations which shall have
direct control over international agri
cultural affairs" delegates at the. con
vention, the resolution says, feel "that
the need of feeding famished Europe
and the pJace of the farmer in sup
plying the world's bread basket en
title him to a place in the league.
Announcement of. a farming con
ference, to be held in Europe in the
near future, was made today. The
conference will be held by represen
tatives of the farming industry in all
English speaking countries.
Other resolutions adopted expressed
objection to conscription and univer
sal military training in time of peace.
The education of armies and navies
to the minimum was urged and the
immediate repeal of the daylight sav
ing law was advocated.
Selection of the next meeting place
was left to the board of directors.
ARGENTINE STRIKE ALARMS
(By Review Leased Wire) '
BUENOS AIRES, April 17. The
strike of the agriculturists in Argen
tina is reaching alarming proportions.
according to reports received from the j
interior.
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches. Dizmonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE . : BREWERY GULCH I I
.Av
: --T' ' " ' ' t '
- r. '--, s v ,
A - " '
fa, , , v. ; x - -ry v
. ;v v - x - - -: -
strg&is'pyTy x.
H It's toasted. Like the apple, it tastes much
& V.s j better "cooked" th'an "raw" because
t'6 toaste
-,V- N"- .A'-j, vc
PRINCETON CREW ARRIVES
(Hy Itevifw ,eas-d Wire)
ANNAPCLIC, Md April 17.The
Piincetou rowing crew arrived this
evt-mus;. nanaru is uue earl j tomor
row, hotn crews will practice tomor
row afternoon for the regatta with
lire navy crew Saturday. The navy
will present the sam elineup as in the
Uj .. which they defeated Penusvl
I
. r-tl - r - - .. . i ii i u mm i ' I .ii i ii m
i i m WeTfJf-m I I K vents that oily appearance of
t. f 1 Ll -A f. - J H I r" 111 IK
I - iV")! The Review does not
! .'t!X":a?:T5S: reach you properly phone the
-i in Circulation Department.
Aho Leather
i Il lmvfc
KeepYourShoesHeat jxj
SSk -l QUIDS AND PASTES FOR BlACK$
VVKWH ST E , TAN AND OX-BLOOD sZlatW
KeepYourShoesHeat
LIQUIDS AMD
tan
yy
. VCf (PAH
T.'v .? ."v'-vk" ' '''''' "' " mi 1.1 if
j J
T"": .
MARINELLO
Astringent Mask
followed by use of Astringent
Cream and Lotion at home, pre
vents that oily appearance of
r.cx.e and cheeks, permitting proper
u? of powder.
Used and recommended by more
than 35X) Beauty Shops.
Sample ud Booklal on SkiaCar Fraa
PASTCS FOR BIACKXJ
AMn nv-RLOon - A
K BROWN) SHOES J?l&ffJ
MltYCORPOSATIONS ITni - ? S 4 f
Open your
packag NX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, APRIL 18, 1919.
INTERNATIONAL LAWS
TO CONTROL AIRCRAFT
DRAFTEDAT PARIS
Rules Governing Aerial Navi
gation Similar to Marine
Agreements
(By Review leased "Wire)
PARIS, April 17 "The seventh
and eighth meetings of the general
commission of aerial navigation,
which body -is also the aeronautical
commission of the peace conference,
were held on April 15 and 16," says an
official report issued today, "Admiral
Knapp and Maj. (Jen. Mason M. Pat
rick represented the United States.
"The commission had before them
full reports from their commercial,
legal, financial and technical sub-committees.
There were 41 articles in
the draft convention and six annexes.
"On the question of aircraft, the
analogy of medchant shipping ha3
been followed to a certain extent, the
main principle being that the nation
ality should bo governed by the na
tionality of tha owner of the aircraft.
The convention has decided as a mat
tor rf ririnfinlo that Cfirtif ilfiteS Of
competence in the case of the crew J
are to be recognized as universally
necessary, in international flying.
"The right of flying over a state
from frontier to frontier 13 recognized,
subject to the safeguard that the state
flown across may compel a landing
for the interest of national security,' or
In other words, where reasonable sus
picion exist3 that the flight 4s not a
bona fide, innocent flight. There ars
also provisions for the carriage of va
rious papers of identity on the air
craft and provision against the car
riage of dangerous articles.
"The final provisions include an ar
bitration clause for the settlement ot
disputes and a clause which definite
ly places the convention on a peace
basis as not affecting the rights and
duties of belligerents or neutrals in
time of war. Aircraft are then re
placed in a class apart and may no
fly outside their own country except
by tie special authorization of the
state visited, In which case their treat
ment shall be in accardance with the
usual ruies prevailing in the case of a
ship of war. ,
"The convention contemplates the
formation of a permanent internation
al commission on aerial navigation,
which will keep in close touch with
all new developments and act as a
clearing house for all information on
questions of air navigation between
the respective states.
"The commission directed that a
complete draft dealing with th various
amndments proposed shall be pre
pared for their netx meeting."
THIN PEOPLE
OF BISBEE
BItro-Phosphate should give you a
small, st eady increase of firm, healthy
flesh each day. It supplies an essen
tial substance to the brain and nerves
in the active form in which it normal
ly occurs in the living cells of tne
body. Bitro-Phosphate replaces nerve
waste and creates new strength and
energy. Sold by J. M. Ball in Bisbee'
and good druggists under definite
guarantee of results or money back.
Adv.
SIERRA CONSOLIDATED MINES
COMPANY
Notice of Annual Meeting of tne
Stockholders
To the Stockholders:
Notice is hereby given that the An
nual Meeting of the Stockholders of
the Sierra Consolidated Mines com
pany will be held at the principal of
fice of the company, in the Calumet &
Arizona Mining company office build
ing, in Warren, Arizona, on Tuesday,
the 6th day of May, 1919, at 11 o'clock
in the morning thereof, for the elec
tion of three directors for a term 'of
three years and the transaction of
such other business as may properly
come before the meeting. The stock
holders of record as shown by the
stock transfer books of the company at
the close of business on April 16th,
1919, are entitled to vote at such meet
ing. The stock transfer books will
not be closed.
FREDERICK R. KENNEDY,
Secretary.
New York, N. Y., April 11, 1919. Adv.
r
Jairee
That's .what we guarantee to drill and our stockholders thus will
have THREE chances for production. We will pay dividends from
our FIRST producer, more dividends from the SECOND producer and
all the proceeds go into the dividends if all THREE are producers. t
Hurry your subscriptions and get stock in all THREE wells.
THE EL PASO
BURKBURNETT
OIL COMPANY
EL PASO, TEXAS
Capital, 1125,000. Shares, $10.00 Each
Fully Paid and Non-Assessable.
J. O. Crockett, Pres. J. E. Benton, Trus.
R. C. Ware.
Office 524 First National Bank Bldg.
El Paso, Texas. Phone 2647
Baseball Results
Pacific Coast League
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
Won Lost Pet
Los Angeles 9 1 .900
Oakland 7, 2 .778
Salt lke 5 3 .625
San Francisco G 4 .600
Sacramento 3 6 .333
Vernon 2 6 .250
Seattle 3 7 .200
Portland 2 .200
YESTERDAY'S RESULTS
Portland, 8; Salt Lake, 2
SALT LAKE, April 17 The score:
R. H.E.
Portland S 6 1
Salt Lake ...:2 9 2
Batteries: Jones, PenneT and
Baker; Schorr, Conkwright and
Spencer.
Los Angeles, 1; Vernon, 0
LOS .ANGELES, April 17. The
score: R. H. E.
Los Angeles 1 8 0
Vernon 0 6 1
Batteries: Brown and Lapan; Dell
and De Vormer.
Oakland, 5; San Francisco, 4
OAKLAND, April 17. The score:
R.H. E.
San Francisco 4 9
Oakland , 5 7 3
Batteries: Couch, Baum and Mc
Kee; Brenton and Mitze.
Seattle, 9; Sacramento, 7
SACRAMENTO, April 17. The
score: R. H. E.
Seattle ..9 12 2
Sacramento 7 13 2
Batteries: Bowman, Bigbee, Mails,
Schults, Falkenburg and Coleman;
Piercy, McKenny and Kisher. (12 In
nings.) f
EXHIBITION GAMES
ST. LOUIS, April 17. The score:
R. H. E.
St Louis Americans 8 10 7
St. Louis Nationals .... ..9 14 2
Batteries: Lowdermilk, Leifield,
Koob and Billings; Goodwin, May,
Tuero and Clemon.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., April 17.
The score : R. H. E.
Brooklyn Nationals 3 8; 2
New York Americans 7 8 -2
Batteries: Mamaux and Miller;
Mogridge, Nelson and Hannah.
OKLAHOMA CITY, April 17. The
score: R..H. 12.
Chicago Nationals 4 6 1
Oklahoma City Western 0 2 3
Batteries: Hendrix, Douglas -and
Klllifer; Stoner, Wells, Dennis and
Kennedy, Banner.
NASHVILLE, April 17. The score:
It. H. E.
Chicago Americans 5 9 2
Nashville Southern 3 7 2
NORFOLK, W. Va., April 17. The
score: R. H. E.
New York ; Nationals ........ 4 li! 2
Washington Americans ......3 10 1
Batteries: Benton, Smith and Mc
Garrny. (12 Innings.)
3 OIL MEN INDICTED
by U. S. GRAND JURY
NEW YORK, April 17. Indict
ments charging conspiracy to defraud
were returned by a federal grand jury
against Louis Romagnac, Benjamin
Hurtado Mendoza, George Breen and
John Y. Bryant, promoters of the Tux
pam Star Oil corporation which had
an authorized capital stock of 51,000,
000 made up of 1,000,000 shares with
a part value of $1 each.
It is charged in- the indictments
that to promote sale of stock the com
pany represented that it owned ot
producing lands in Mexico which were
earning large returns.
Unsightly, pimples and
blemishes on the face are
sore signs that the skin and
blood need the purifying
and strengthening action of
BEECIMMS
FILLS.
Lwmt Sala of Any Mediema in t1i World.
Sold everywhere. In Boxes. 10c, 25c.
Wei
El Paso Burkburnett Oil Co.,
524 First National Bank Building,
El Paso, Texas.
Reserve for me shares
of the El Paso.' Burkburnett Oil Co.,
at Ten Dollars a share. Check for
$ .-. payment
In full, mailed today. .
S i g ned
COPPER PRICE WILL
1 GAIN SCON, BELIEVES
C0L0NEL6REENVAY
Bisbee Soldier Home From
Trip to Coast, Where He
Recuperated Health
"It certainly feels good to be back
home again, for although there are
many beautiful places where one can
visit, none can compare with home,"
said Lieut.-Col. John C. Greenway,
who arrived in Bisbee late yesterday.
Colonel Greenway has been i visiting
on the coast for five weeks for the
benefit of his health and upon his ar
rival in Bisbee yesterday he dined at
the Copper Queen hotel and imme
diately afterwards motored to. his
home in Warren.
When asked about his health, he
replied that he felt fine and was ready
to settle down to business again. He
will leavse shortly for Hot Springs,
Ark., where he will attend the wed
ding of his sister, Miss S. I. Greenway,
who is to be married to Col W. H.
Keller, on April 23. After remaining
in Hot Springs for a brief time he
will continue his journey to New York
where he will attend to many busi
ness matters requiring his attention.
When asked his opinion with regard
to the copper situation, he said:
"Copper at present is very low,' but
judging from, indications I believe the
price will increase steadily before long.
I believe that the business throughout
the country is becoming normal again
and I look for business activity in the
very near future. -1 have not ' studied
the copper situation very closely, so
I cannot say anything definite about
the immediate situation."
After remaining in the east for a
while. Colonel Greenway 'will return
to the Warren District," where he will
remain for some time.
REMOVE BURLESON, IS
DEMAND OF WORKERS
(By Review Leased Wire)
BRUNSWICK, April 17 Removal
from office of Postmaster General
Burleson .was requested of President
Wilson in a resolution adopted today
at the annual convention of the Geor
gia Federation of Labor.
BACK ACHE
Limber Up With Penetrating Hamlin's
Wizard Oil
A harmless and effective prepara
tion to relieve the pains of Rheuma
tism, Sciatica, Lame Back and Lum
bago, is Hamlin's Wizard Oil. It pen
etrates quickly, drives ' out soreness
and limbers up stiff aching joints and
muscles.
You have no idea how useful It
will be found in cases of every day
ailment or mishap, when there Is
need of an Immediate healing, anti
septic application, . as fn . cases ot
sprains, bruises, cuts, burns, bites
and stings.
Get it from druggists for 30 cents.
If not satisfied return, the bottle ana
get your money back.
Ever constipated . or have sick
headache? Just try Wizard Liver
Whips, pleasant little pink pills, SO
cents. Guaranteed. Adv.
STUFFED OP WITH
"A BAD COLD?"
Get busy with a bottle of
Dr. King's New Discovery
at once
Coughs, colds and bronchial attacks
they are all likely to result in danger
ous aftermaths unless checked in time.
And how effectively and quickly Dr.
King's New Discovery helps to do the
checking work! Inflamed, irritated
membranes are soothed, the mucous
phlegm loosened freely, and quiet,
restful sleep follows. 60c and $1.20.
All druggists have it. Sold since 1869
Constipation Emacipation
No more lazy bowels, yellow com
plexion, sick headache, indigestion,
embarassing breath, when you use as a
corrective Dr. King's New Life Pills.
They systematize tne system and ka
the world looking cheerful. 25c
1
STATE SENATE HEAD'S
CONTRACT FOR ROAD
Commission on Institutions
Rescinds Purchase From
Prescott Solon
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX, April 17. The commis
sion of state Institutions has sent to
A. A. Johns of Prescott, president of
the state senate, a letter and resolu
tion of the commission, rescinding the
contract entered into for the pur
chase of mules and road equipment
from the Aubrey Investment company,
of which Johns was secretary-treasurer.
This announcement was made
at the office of the commission to
day. The commission's letter calls upon
the company to name the place where
it will receive the property and re
serves the right to take further action
on account of money . paid, care and
food furnished and other possible ex
penses: It was stated that the purchase
price for the outfit was in excess of
$22,000, the stock being valued at
$400 a span. The claim for the sec
ond payment, $10,367.89, recently was
rejected. The first claim of $3000 was
paid last October at the time the con
tracts were made. This claim, it was
said at the office of the commission,
was signed by Johns, as secretary
treasurer of the comp my.
After the filing of the claim recent
ly disapproved, the commission re
cently inspected livestock and equip
ment with the result that the contract
was rescinded.
During the. previous Campbell ad
ministration, Thomas Maddock, then
state engineer, had an application to
purchase the same outfit but he says,
after receiving a veterinarian's report
L.
FRENCH OFFICERS TO
AID POLISH TROOPS
PARIS, April 17 (French Wireless
Service.) When General Haller start
ed across Germany to Poland from
France Tuesday with the first con
tingent of returning Polish troops, he
was accompanied by a number ot
French officers, who will assist in the
reorganization of the Palish army. "
on the stock he did not complete the
contract.
According to Andrew Baumert, Jr.,
chairman of tbe commission of state
institutions, the mules, when delivered
the commission at the state fair
grounds were in such poor condition
that they could not work.
EXTRA WEAR
FROM SHOES
"A year ago I had my shoes re
soled with Neolin Soles. The soles
are still in service, and it looks as if
1 would not fee able to wear them out,
because the uppers are going first,"
said VV. C. Dickinson, of New Haven,
Conn.
Good repair shops everywhere carry
these tough and durable soles. See
for yourself how long they last by
having them put on a pair of old shoes.
Or if you are in need of new shoes, buy
them with Neolin Soles. They cost
no nv re than shoes that give less
wear, and you need fewer pairs. They
come in many styles for men, women,
and children.
Neolin Soles are created by Science
to be comfortable and waterproof, as
well as long-wearing. They are made
by The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co
Akron, Ohio, who also make Wingfoot
Heels guaranteed to outwear all
other heels.
neolin Soles
Xrxt- Mm lUm. U.S. rat. Oft.
Opportunity and Action
Are Seldom Offered
You By One
With 270 acres in the proven Ranger Field, the opportunity for
realizing substantial returns on the money invested in the Ranger
Burk Consolidated Oil Company is not surpassed by any other com
pany on the market today.
Valuable holdings in the heart of production the best of facil
ities for development and a capable and honest management of
business affairs is guaranteed. You are assured of QUICK ACTION,
and by quick action we mean drilling for oil and GETTING IT, as
this company will start drilling at the earliest possible moment.
Purchase your stock NOW while it is still selling at $1.00 par
value, per share. Order direct or through your broker but order
TODAY before it is too late.
Ranger-Burk Consolidated Oil Co.
Fourth Floor First National Bank
ORDER YOUR STOCK FROM -
J. Overlook Collins & Bretherton
STAY AWAY, BELGIAN
APPEAL TO CITIZENS
BRUSSELS. April 17. The Belgian
government has issued notice to Bel
gians in other countries that it Is bet
ter they should not come home now
unless they have urgent business in
Belgium. Family reasons are not con
sidered by the government as suf
ficiently urgent.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE REVIEW
r
WE ARE
Out of Easiness
LIPTON'S TEAS
1 lb. Tin - - - - - 82c
1-2 lb. Tin - - - - 42c
WATCH OUR SPACE FOR PRICES
AND COMPARE THEM
J. B. ANGIUS
' WHERE YOU CAN DO BETTER
Phone 29
Building
EI Paso, Texas
PRINCE OF WALES IN
MANY TRENCH FIGHTS
LONDON, April 17. British papers
are Just beginning to find out that the
Prince of Wailes played the part of a
real fighting man, for the British trait
is to make little comment on personal
exploits. The prince went over the
top with the Grenadiers in an esca
pade the details of whchi have never
been printed. And he again and
again went over in the thick of the
fight on tbe Italian front.
GOING
4 . I.
THE BISBEeIdAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, APRIL 18, 1919.
SEVEN
' ! . "Bg
i
-I
i
J
")
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head are at the rate of 1 cent per word- for
each Insertion, with a minimum charEe of 5 cents. No ads will be
received later than 7 p. m. for insertion the next morning, a.d no ads
will be taken over the telephone. r
For Sale
FOR SALE Reliable four-burner gas
range, almost new. Inquire 71 Mason
Hill, Roberts avenue. A-2(?
FORv SALE Furniture;
- rent. ' 45- Mason hill.
bouse for
A-20
FOR SALE Furniture. W. Holm, 79-B
O. K. street. ' A-20
FOR SALE Bob-cat and coyote skins.
Box 554. A.20
FOR SALE CHEAP Bedsteads, mat
tables, stoves, etc. 200 Tombstone
. canyon, Metz car stop. . A-19
FOR SALE Ford touring car, 1918
lucdcl. See car No. 6407 at postof
l.c j between-11 a. m. and 2 p. mt-M
"A-19
FOR SALE Three-room furnished
house. 57-Laundry hill. Nice't&g
yard and fruit trees. Good auto
road to it. a-19
FOR SALE Ten-room furnisheS
house, all rented, three lots, near
car stop. Small payment, balance
like rent. Owner, Colwell, Review.
, - A-18
c FOR SALE Second-hand light-six
Buick D-43. Good running order, at
Slag Dump garage: . ... A.-0
' FOUR-ROOM
XlVSUOCi 1U JJll JU13,
two lots, garage and other . buildings,
fruit trees, Btc., S800 1 cash or ton
terms of f950.at?50 per month no
interest. ' - ' -:
SEVEN-ROOM ' HOUSE In 'Johnson'
addition, good location and warran-1
ty deed. A bargain and on good j
terms.
:r-
TEN-ROOM HOUSE 'Well furnished
and, good location, $2650, and.Qnt
very noerai terms
EIGHT-ROOM HOUSE Good fur
niture, good location, J2500, and on
easy terms.
LARGE LOT AND HOUSE In Baker
vine. 60x100, good buy.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL List your
property with me.
I REPRESENT A STRONG LINE OF
INSURANCE And rates are no
higher than others. Leave your in
surance with me.
STILL HAVE A SMALL BLOCK OF
LOWELL GOLD MINING COM
PANY STOCK AT 25 CENTS PER
SHARE. DON'T WAIT UNTILL IT
GOES TO 1, BUY NOW. ;f
YOU GET A FAIR DEAL AT- MY
HOUSE. CALL ON ME. &
J. L. WINTERS. Lowell, Ariz.
Phone 813 A-20
FOR SALE 15-room house, $230
down, balance same- as rent. l'2
Temby avenue. Call after 4 p. m. v
A-19
FOR SALE Seven-room house with
bath and sewerage connected. 91
Jiggerville, above the big bridge.
M-13
FOR SALE Three-room furnished
house, yard fenced, near Opera
' Drive. 196 Miller hill. A-23
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE, RENT
FOR RENT One four-room, unfur
nished house, South Bisbee, $15.
One efght-rooin- completely furnish
ed house. Warren, $75.
FOR SALE One eight-room house,
School hill.
One eight-room house, Warren.
One nine-room house, Higgins hill.
One four-room house, South Bisbee.
One four-room house, High Road.
Cash or terms. Call and see us.- -C.
H. HOGAN
Below Copper Queen Hotel
Phone 121 A-20
FOR SALE Double tread Singer ma
chine for sewing automobile tires
Dynamo outfit complete. Address
Double Tread Tire company, Tucson,'
' Ariz. ,.;A-2o
FOR SALE Two mares, three work J
hnroM an 1
Apply C. H. Hogan, office Bisbee
Fuel & Feed company, below Cop
per Queen hotel. A-19
FOR SALE Cement house, four
rooms and -bath. Hospital CstOp,
boulevard. M. Burns, Warren. A-20
FOR SALE Will sacrifice my home
by Garfield school. Tombstone can
yon. Mrs. Kirchner. A-19
FOR SALE Six-room house, furnish
ed, with bath, nice lot and place for
chickens everything practically
new. No. 82 Jiggerville. . '$1200
cash if taken at once, or" $1500
ternis. Inquire No. 16 Tank "hill, k
A-l!
FOR SALE-Watches and diamonds
left in pawn at second hand prices.
Liberty bonds and war stamps cash
ed. Reliable house. United Loan
Jewelry company. Brewery Gulch.
A-5-tf
FOR SALE I have for sale some very
choice farm lands with abundance of
Colorado river water for irrigation,
located near Somerton, Ariz. . This
land produces large crops of alfalfa j
hay, wheat and cotton. It can't he
beat. It can be had for $250 per. cte'.
In a short time it will be $300' per
acre. If property farmed it will
Boon pay the price. For further par
ticulars write C. II. Kent, P.'O. Box
35, Yuma, Ariz. A-22
OR SALE Uncalled for suits. L
Levin, Lowell. Ariz. 597
FOR SALE Or will trade for Bisbee
property. One lot in Los Angeles,
45x135. Best residence section, all
improvements. John P. Steffes.
Phone Red 807. 2-25-tf
For Rentii ,
FOR RENT Three-room furnished
apartment and bath. No." 1 Bauer
hill. Phone 131. - , a-20
FOR.RENTv Three-room furnished
-apartment with bath, -private en
trance and garage. One block from
warren, postoffice. No children
,rnone 417. v A-20
J? OR RENT Garage. Inquire of Wil
- liam Hughes, Hughes block. - A-20
rnr.ii rour-rocm" nouse on
Montana street; also two-room
nouse for bachelors.- Inquire 2.6
'Banerhlll. , a-20
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
; neroseKeeping rojtis. -14 Jiggerville
. -. A-20
bus. KENT Two-room furnished
house.,'. 165 Opera Drive. . ; A-20
FOR RENT Two light housekeeping
r room.st Merry , widow" house.
Warren. Phone Black 475. A-20
- i. , -
FOR RENT Two furnished . rooms
for light housekeeping, lights and
water, ,16. Sims addition, Geo.
Y elsh. a-20
FOR RENT Four-room furnished
i house, Laundry canyon. Apply C. E.
wmsieaa. r none Black 109: . A-22
' FOR RENT Two," three-room r apart-
ments in Boston . flats. One ' three-
room apartment, furnished,, $20 per
month, on car line, near Lincoln
school. Collins & Bretherton: A-l7tf
' r
UK RENT Housekeeping rooms. 52
uPPer Low ell. A-19
FpRRET-Four-room house, partly
- furnished, bath.- No-children. P.O.
tsox sou, Warren. 4-18
FOR RENT Three-room furnished
house, 1 10 month. 237 School hill.
A-24
FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms. 216 Opera Drive.
A-19
FOR RENT Sleeping rooms at The
Belmont, back of Fair store. A-24
IFOR RENT Furnished modern four-
room house and garage, end of car
line, tombstone canyon. Apply Dr.
Teufert. Phone 664. A-22
FOR RENT Five-room house partly
t furnished, kitchenette, cold storage,
bath, lieater, screened porch and
gas; ..169 Art hill, Tombstone can
yp-n- A-i8
FOR RENT Two-room furnished
apartment, water free, rent cut
No. 8 Johnson avenue, Johnson ad-
. 'dittoa. A.i s
! h4 t- u : .
tOR RENT. Fourtroom,; furnished
house on car line in Warren. Phone
Blue 784. A-18
FOR RENT House tent, light, water
gas. Loma 9, Laundry canyon. A-20
FOR RENT Furnished rooms, Pritch
ara house, Brophy car stop. A-18
FOR RENT Four-room house, partly
furnished, bath. P. O. Box 959, War
ren. A-18
tOK KENT Tnree-room house, fur
nished. Cabin for batching. 176
Naco road, Holbrook stop. A-18
FOR . RENT Three furnished rooms
with light and water. Mrs. K. E
Caraway, Williams hill. Tombstone
canyon. 'A-18
FOR RENT Three rurnished rooms,
bath, screened porch, convenient for
two or three ladies or gentlemen,
walking distance. Address H. F. P..
Review office. A-19
FOR RENT Two or four furnished
rooms for light housekeeping, No. 3
Curve street, opposite convent. A-18
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms, 16 Tate hill, Johnson
addition.' No children. - : A-22
rnu j,- T" : . , .
FOR -RENT Three furnished.
room3
wun piano, $io . per
Pilj, South Bisbee.
month. Carl
' A-20
FOR RENT Three unfurnishea
rooms in Bakerville, See 'Mike
Pintek. , A-20
FOR RENT Two-room apartment,
lights and water. Call cement block
house back of El Paso house. A-20
FOR RENT Five-room house and
garage, $22 per month. Quarry can
yon. Phone Green 573. A-I3-U
FOR RENT-rOne three-room house,
with screened porch, furnished or
i'uafurnihscfl; one '. two-room apart-'
'ment. furnished.'--- 80 Moon avenue
Phone 645. J. W. Glover. A-18
j'FOtt'RENT - Unfuraished house; alWo
furniture for sale. Inquire Phillips
house, at Castle Rock. A-19
FOR RENT Four-room house fur
nished. Mrs Winweod, -Winwood
addition. A-20
FOR RENT Four room nouse. In
quire Tammany hall, or 83 Young
blood hill. M-19-tf
for RENT Four room house, South
Bisbee. Phone 674. or see Stanley
Ruse, 111 Mason hiik. A-20
FOR RENT 8000 square fet flool
Bpace. Suitable for warehouse, cen
trally located in business district.
Address W. II., Review.
2-dh
Lost
LOST Tuesday night between Metz
tar stop and Lyric theater, 18 carat
gold broach set with garnets. Photo
in back. Reward McDuugall, 37
Lauudiy hill. , A-1S
i : 1 n r- i r
111
Mining and
8Y REVIEW
NEW YORK, April 17. With ?. ho! -
Iday impending and preparations tor
the loan campaign absorbing the . at
tention o'f the banking community, the
hesitant tone of today's stock market
was accepted as a matter of course.
Business fell far below yesterday's
high pitch, but there was a marked
absence of the selling pressure which
irequently precedes a market recess.
Trading differed from that of recent
sessions in that motors and oils .re
flected a lac kof progressional inter
est Steels and affiliated industrials,
notably Harveste'f, Steel Foundry and
Colorado . Fuel were strong and ship
pings as a group led the entire mar
ket, although gains - were Indifferent
ly maintained.
Food and chemical shares found re
newed., favor with United States Food!
riuuucia uormeny Distillers), ad
vancing almost 5 points.
Leathers and secondary metal is
sues rose appreciably, but coppers
were listless or inclined to heaviness
on reports of another cut by. leading
selling agencies. Changes in rails were
Irregular and mostly normal.. Sales
were 1,000,000 shares
Liberty bonds eased, but other do
mestic, issues stiffened, internationals
also improving.: Total sales . I nar
vaiuej, aggregated $13,250,000. Old
United States coupon 4's rose i
Vi per
cent on sales, others unchanged,
GRAIN MARKET
CHICAGO, April 17 . Evenine- iin
ior ine noadav tomorrow, mil thai
oears at a msaavantage today in the
corn market. Closing Drices were un
settled, but c to c net higher with
may $i.58 and July $1.52 -to $1.52.
Oats gained c to c. The out
come in provisions ranged from 50c
decline. to 10c advance."
Except during brief Intervals, mm
displayed - an ' upward "tendencv
throughout and finished at th ton
prices of the day with shorts covering
freely. The chief incentive for this
action on the part of the shorts .was
continued adverse weather likely to
interfere with rural wagon araffic and
to damage the quafity of holdings. Be
sides, reports of car shortage asrain
attracted notice and there was less ap-
prenension tat labor difficulties
would curtail the outflow of foodstuffs
from New York.
Oats hardened" with corn and as a
result of seeding delays, it was said
much reseeding in Iowa would be ne
cessary. Lower quotations on hogs led to a
harp setback in the value of provi
sions. Pork fell $1.25 a barrel. Rallies
which ensued were ascribed to buying
for packers. ,- .
METAL MARKET i
NEW YORK, April 17.-Lead quiet.
"l'au "-v onerea at ?3.U0. Spel-
icr Muaay; suot East St. Louis deliv-
ery $6.076.15; May ?6.076.12.
1 L. M. OVERLOOK, Broker
Closing Quotations April 17, 1919
NEW YORK
American Car 941
Amerisan Can 514
American Locomotive 68
American Smelters 71
American Sugar 130
Baltimore and Ohio . . . . 45
Baldwin Locomotive qiu
Beta B. .. ., ;; Jjg
Help Wanted Male
WANTED Boys to learn paper
routes, as substitute carriers.
Chance to have route of your own
later. References must be furnish
ed. Only honest and energetic boys
need apply. See Circulation Man
ager, Bisbee Daily Review. A-17-tf
WANTED Boys to sell papers 011 the
h 8 tS f ?y a makinS
.0 j ju me eireeis every
morning by a few hours selling The
Bisbee Daily Review. The paper Is
ready for you from 4 a. m. "The
early bird catches the worm."
A-17-tf
WANTED Boy in pressroom; night
worK. Must be at least 18 years of
age and not afraid of work. Apply
foreman Review after 3 p. m. today.
Female Help Wanted
WANTED An elderly lady to do
nousework on ranch, two miles out.
Box 3154, Lowell. ,- A-20
WANTED American girl wants
housework. Box 1032, Bisbee. A-18
Miscellaneous
WRITE LOS ANGELES Y. M. C. A.
Auto School. Get started right.
- ; . A-2-4-6-9-11-13-16-18
GOSSARD CORSETS Now sold at
Room 17, Lctsoh hotel. AH corsets
carefully fitted by Ines Warburton.
. , M-26
WE'LL CASH YOUR LIBERTY
Bonds and W. S. S. Room No. 7,
Sparks Kline building. ' A-6-tf
EXCHANGE For auto or diamond,
Oioaey maker, state right moving
p.cture. T. T., Review dh-tf
GOLDEN HOTEL Steam heat, out
siaa rooms, running water, special
rates to permanent guests
M-19-tH
;VRITE TO -Y. M. C. A. School. Los
Angeles," about Auto. Radio, Com
mercial nd Engineering . courses.
Train for service. 268
Wanted
WANTED All around blacksmith at
v-.ny iJiacKsnntii snop. For more in
formation call at shop. Wages
from S in Si; a t,
c , j
round '
Fnvn , , : '
tOU.ND Gold ruu glabsei, iu Lowell. .
Owner call at Review. M-20dr-tf
Financial News
l EASD WIRE
, C. and O. ' ;
' C. t . and I. ........... '
58
43
Canadian Pacific 159
central ieatner , 78
Crucible Steel 571
Erie T... 16 '
Goodrich g6
General Motors 179
Industrial Alcohol 153
Maxwell 39
Marine 4 33
Marine pfd
Mexican Petroleum 185V4
Midvale .
New York Central ........... 73
Northern Pacific 90
Reading $2
Rubber 8734
Republic Steel 82
fciuaeDaEer .
Steel com
98$,
St. Paul . ; 37
Southern- Pacific 105
Sinclair uu 54
lexas uu . . . 219
Union Pacific 128
un Motors 49
U. S.-M.U- 50
U. S. Food Products 73
WestinghoSise 1 ..... . 48
NEW YORK MINING
Anaconda ' 6114
Alaska V.i 03
Butte Supr . 21
Chino ."i... 36
Chile 23
Green Can 41
Inspiration' 49
Kennecott . ,32
Miami ii 23
Nevada Con 16k
Old Dominion 34
Ray Cons 20
Shattuck 13
Utah Copper 74
BOSTON COPPERS
Adventura . . ,
Allouez
Arizona Coml
C. and R-. ...
C. and H
C. Range...,
East Butte
1.00
37
12
60
410
43
08
Granby
69
Hancock 06 -
Keweenaw 01
04
La Salle 03
Mohawk .' 57
Aiaynower .
North Butte
Nip
Osceola
04
11
09
50
Pond Creek 15
Qulncy 5c
Shannon 02
aup uoston
02
St. Marys 45
Utah
Lon
08
CURBS
A. and A.
13
5fg Ledgl V....::
Eutte and London
13
California and Jerome '.
Cornelia
Con Cepper Mines
17
05
Ccn3 Arizona 01
Cresson Gold ' 05
T"lfnr -iff
- AO
Dundee - 1.00
Gadsden 03
ureen Monster
lirana Island 17
Hull Copper 40
Howe Sound 44
necia 05
iron Caps 12
Jerome Verde
Magma Copper 30
Magma Chief 37
Miami Con 10
Porphyry 60
Kay Here 02
Tom Retd 1.61
Tuolomnej 85
united pastern .4.97
Verde Extension . 4 36
Verde Combination
Wolv Arizona 2.00
Curtiss 12
Wright Martin
-. 03
uavs
uien Rock 06
.. ....... ......... UO 4
Merrltt 32
Mid West Ref ". 169
Okmulgee , 02
capuipa .-. 08
OATM.AN
(By Collins & Bretherton)
Bid Ask
.05 .07
.08 .09
.05
.04 .06
.13 .14
.03 .04
.06 .07
.04 ' .05
... .15
.07 .;' .08
.05 .00
..19 ' .21
1.60 1.61
4.95 4.98
.04 .05
.... .20
5
3.37 3.62
.37 .50
.11 . ...
.87 1.00
.06 .07
.56 .62
.11 .13
.35 .40
.32 .37
1.87 2.00
.62 .75
.07 .10
.17
.15 .17
.27 .30
5.00 5.12
.50 .60
.37 U4
.15 .17
... . 1.00
Argo
Adams
Arizona Rex
Arizona Tom Reed ..
Big Jim Cons
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore
Gold Road Bonanza .
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
Sunnyside
Telluride
United Western
Red Lion . .
Gadsden . :
Green Monster
Butte London
Dundee
Venture Hill
Jeromo Verde
Arkansas-Arizona . .-. .
Hull Capper
Magma Chief
Wolv-Arizona ,
Verde Combination
Miami Consolidated . . ,
,8ht. "?wk.
uranu 1 si una
Nacozarl Consolidated
Con Copper Mines
Porphyry
Calumet and Jerome ..
Ariz-Okla Oil, and Gas
JAPANESE BANKS IN
PANIC WEATHER RUN
iuiwva April 17. Japanese bank.s
recently withstood a run caused by
reports of grave financial troubles
rhey also extended help to a number
of Chinese bauks which were under
financial strain.
; FRANCE PREPARES FOR
134,C00 ENOCH ORDERS
PARIS, April 17 Two aud a half
j years after peace. fca3 been signed
j.o-i,uau t renen soldiers ana thousands
of civilians who Slave disappeared.;
leaving no trace, will be pronounced
legally dead. In addition 68,700 have
been transferred from the "missing"
to the "dead" list since 1915. Ma
chinery will be provided to annul the
dcisions where the missing show up
later and property will be restored
where feasible. Where "Enoch Ar
dens" return to find their wives re
married after the presumption of
death the second union will be con
sidered a putative marriage and chil
dren born of it will be legitimtte.
ALSACE DEMANDS CITY
KEYS BE GIVEN BACK
PARIS, April 17. Alsatian newspa
pers demand that Germany send back
the keys of the big provincial towns
as soon as peace is signed. The keys
have been in a military museum in
Berlin .along with the uniforms of
Moltke and Bismarck, under a glass
case since '71. The Strassburg key
lies on a red velvet cushion. Fifteen
others, including Metz, Thionville,
iirisacn and Luneville keys are tied in
a string with black and white ribbon.
LIFE STORY GENERAL
PERSHING COMING
TO EAGLE THEATER
The William Fox photoplay that is
coming to the Eagle theater soon, call
ed "The Land of the Free," Is declared
to be the most Important one that has
been . before the public for years.
There is nothing comparable In inter
est to the life story of General Per
shing, the subject of this extraordi
nary picture.
This photoplay holds a place of its
.-v.
THE OF THE FRIE v
V1LUAM FOX PROIJCnON
own, for nothing like it has ever been
attempted before. It happens that the
life story of the man who is leading
our troops in France is full of adven
ture and excitement and thrill, and it
possesses romance and the deepest of
tragedy. - .
The name Pershing is on every ton
gue these days and it is surprising i
how little we know about him. This
picture unreels such a story as could
not have been dreamed of by the live
liest fiction writers. It has a thrill
and a new chapter of adventure and
excitement in each episode. ; Adv.
t
m 1 m
'
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
: -to Your
Rana
SWISS HOTELS TO BAR
GERMAN EMPLOYES
PARIS, April 17. Swiss hotel pro
prietors, olokinf ror allied tourist
trade soon, have decided to hire no
Austrian or German employes, they
say, so as not to offend the travelers
from victorious countries.
DOWAGER EMPRESS IN
RUSSIA WOty'T FLEE
LONDON, April 17. The dowager
empress of Russia refuses to leave her
country. The fact becomes known
with the story of two British naval
officers, names withheld, who after
thrilling adventures with the bolshe
viki, reached her refuge with plans for
her escape.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully 8ollclt Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
AUTOMOBILE
ELECTRIC WORK
Lohman & Wright
Lowell Phone 788
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER 6 STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence, Black 333
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.' OK ST.
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 59.
Liberty Bonds
and War Stamps Cashed
UNITED LOAN JEWELRY CO.
Reliable House
BREWERY GULCH v
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Copper Queen Hotel and mgh-aass cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60cjuncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner, from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month. $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet
LOGAN & BRYAN, MEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
e Boiler
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
j DR. PLAYFAIR
I Osteopath
;98 Mason Hill . Phone Blue 647
Mason Hill Car Stop
J. D. BAUER
LAWYER
Legal Paper and Collection
General Law Business .
LOWELL, ARIZ. PHONE 346
FOR PROMPT and EFFICIENT
ELECTRICAL WORK
call
LYMAN '
ELECTRIC CO., PHONE 489
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialise In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BIdg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
C E EOGAR
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phona 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C E HOGM
-
Heater
Hi i '
3 EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, APRIL 18, 1919.
r 1
r
'I LIED TO SAVE HER,'
SAYS KNIFE VICTIM
AS WOMAN IS TAKEN
Jealousy Believed Motive of
Attack on Densmore; Par
amour in Jail
Tips qf the Town
RETURNS FROM HOLEROOK
John A. Campbell has returned to
Bisbee alter a few months' sojourn
in the Holbrook district.
SUES -FOR DAMAGES
In a suit for damages resulting from
an automobile accident, which occur
red on or about the 24th of February,
V. L. Crowley, plaintiff, against
Harney Whaley, yesterday afternoon
sought judgment in the justice court
at Lowell, with Judge J. L. Winters,
presiding.
With a death like palor on his
cheeks and brow and the muscles in
his' face twitching from pain Thomas
Densmore, alias J. W. Johnson, looked
dry eyed into the face of Deputy Sher
iff Tom Johnson at the Copper Queen
hospital yesterday afternoon and
spoke. He had bled profusely from a
horrible wound that had multilated
the back beginning just below the
shoulder blade and extending in a "V" j business.
snaps 10 a point rignt over me ku- v
ne8- I LOAN MEETING CALLED
"Yes, I lied. But I lied to save a wo-1 For the purpoe of conveying final
man. I felt the icy chill of death grip- instructions to those who have been
ping me and I didn't want a wonfan , selected to canvass the various dis-
TO TOMBSTONE
J. N. Gaines, chairman of fifth Lib
erty War Loan committee, went to
Tombstone yesterday afternoon on
to pay the penalty for my death." And
he said no more.
Acting upon the above statement
Patrolmen Bill Sherrill and Tex Bar
ton and Deputy Sheriffs Jack Ryan
and Tom Foster proceeded to a dingy
little room' ever Brooks' garage in Lo
well. It was the room in which Dens
more had first been discovered by the
police on Wednesday night. It was a
ioom that had been smeared with
blood.
Blood Mute Evidence
tricts in behalf of the fifth Liberty
War Loan, Chairman J. N. Gaines has
tailed a meeting for S o'clock tonight
at the Warren District Commercial
club. The meeting i3 one of impor
tance, and Secretary Egan of the club
requests that all those who have been
selected as workers be on hand when
the meeting is called to order.
H. M. GALLAGHER HERE
H. M. Gallagher, assistant general
Arriving on the scene the officers ! auditor of. the'Phpa Pise company.
accompanied by his family, is in the
city on a few days ,visit.
conducted an investigation. A door
leading from the rear entrance had
been broken. Chairs had been smashed
and here and there were clots of blood
that told of the' scene ofthe night be
fore. On top of the kitchenette a razGr
Kfninprt with lilnnrt and a broken han
dle that couldn't stand the strain of i TO TOMBSTONE
the slash were found. The blade had Police Officers Shepperd and Shep
been broken. It had struck a bone but j Perl. Hill Rufi and E. H. Martin have
had cantinued its course leaving a gone to Tombstone to testify in a case
BISBEE BOY ILL AT RANGER
Irwin Couch, a Bisbee boy, i3 se
riously ill at Ranger, Texas. His wife
left here yesterday to be with him.
Wave-like wound.
With the statement of Densmore
and the discovery of the blood stained
weapon Mrs. Evelyn Richardson, alias
Mrs. J. W. Johnson, was placed under
arrest.
Has Police Record
On Wednesday night she had told
the officers that an "accident" had
happened. Densmore, who gave his
name then as Johnson, related astory
to the effect that he had been held
up by a Mexican and American and
instigated by the State of Arizona vs.
J. L. Brooks.
4
MOTOR TO COUNTY SEAT
Those who made the trip to Tomb
stone by automobile yesterday were:
Tom Foster, O. L. Walker, B. R. Da
vis, Lee Masters, Mrs. McCargq, A.
C. Ellis, John Stone and R J. Monton-don.
J. J. WALSH IMPROVED
Word has been received inthe city
that the Mexican had cut him ,while that J. J. Walsh, who- was yesterday
the American held him. It was these
two different stories that led the of
ficers to believe that there were other
motives.
According to the police Mrs. Evelyn
Richardson was arrested some months
ago on a charge of vagrancy. At that
time she gave her name as Mrs. J. "W.
Johnson. Densmore likewise has been
apprehended by the local police on an
other occasion and at that time he
reported critically ill in a hospital at
Ocean Park, Cal., is now doing nicely
at the Riverside hospital and no alarm
is occasioned over his illness.
MOVING PICTURES AT Y. M. C. A.
Another of th eseries of free mov
ing pictures and musical jentertain
ments will be given at the Y. M. C.
A. Saturday night at 8 o'clock. A
gram will be. given,
invited to attend.
The public 13
DEMAND FOR REALTY
C. H. Hogan, realty man, yesterday
sold two lots in Warren, upon which
the buyer intends to build a home. Ac-
Business Locals
thrpp rnnnH hwino- rvTiihiMrm Vtoa olon
gave a name which the police did not I bee arraneftll nn(1 aT1
it i : . . V, m " '
recall itt&t uiui.. i
It is the opinion of the police that
the cutting was the result of jealousy
on the part of Mrs. Richardson. It is
said that during the past few days
two strange women have movett lnio
rooms above . the BrooKs garage and
tht Densmore had been paying these
jiewcomers some attention. Mrs. Rich
ardson resented it and according lo I
her story to Chief of Police a. J. !
Kempton they had been quarrelling
for three days prior to the time of the
cutting.,, .
Denies Charge
Regardless of that statement Mrs.
Richardson still professes that she did
not do the cutting and further than
relating the quarrel she has not been
in a talkative mood. Her lawyer. Star
Williams, has advised his client to re
main silent.
As she sat in cell No. 1 early last
night in the county jail she cried bit
terly but later on she regained her
composure. When a reporter asked
her for an interview she said that she
had nothing to say.
Charges will be filed in the county
court tomorrow and it is thought that
she will be arraigned for a prelimin
ary hearing before Judge J. L. Win
ters on the charge of assault with a
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leave Bisbee,
Bisbee Auto company, 7:45 a, m., 7 : 30
p. m. Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
Painter and Paper Hanging, Signs.
C J. BRANDT
Box 150. 27 Broadway. Phom, 456.
L. L. Gilmah sells the' New Edison,
The Phonograph With a Soul." Adv.
Spring cleaning time is here. Line
the shelves and boxes with paper.
They can be had for 25c a bundle at
The Review office.
i- OIL OIL OIL
We have the following Texas oh
deadly weapon with intent to kill. Po-! ' -ae. central
lice officers say that it is also likely I Fl'JLSJl
that she and Densmore will have to ; 0
answer for a violation of the Edmunds 1
act inasmuch as they had been living
2. F. Briggs & Co.. Lowell. Phone
P. O. Box 3007. A-22
together, but not legally.
L. O. O. M.
Officers for the new-year will be
installed Friday, April 18. All mem
bers are requested to attend. Refresh-
A-18
D. A. R. ADOPT REVISED
DRAF OF" BY-LAWS! ments- Bv order of the- Dictator.
WASHINGTON, April 17. By over
whelming vote the Daughters of the
American Revolution today adopted
in amendment form the revised draft
of the constitution as submitted by
a committee of which Mrs. Henry B.
Joy of Detroit was chairman.
The convention tonight ' heard re
ports from a number of state re
gents. ' ; t
Easter novelties at Busy Bee Candy
Kitchen and Food shop. Roast turkey
and chicken for Easter Sunday. 85
Bain street. Phone 110. A-20
Gloss or Dull Kodak Finishing
ECHO STUDIO .
Bring the Baby Here for Its Picture.
A-20
in
tack
Goodyear Tires and Tubes
Kelly-Springfield Tires and Tubes
Michelin Tubes
Oldsmobile Cars and Trucks
Dodge Parts and Service Station
at
mg
Dump
Oarage
Phone 166
Naco Road
cording to Mr. Hogan there is a steady
demand for good homes in the War
ren distiict. which he considers re
markable, owing to temporary busi
ness depression. 'I receive many in
quiries every day from persons who
either want to rent or purchase homes
in Warren and at present I have only
one house to rent on my list," said
Mr. Hogan. Rents show no appreciable
drop owing, it is said, to the steady de
mand for well located houses.
CADET CAMP REPORT
ANNOUNCES BISBEE
MEMBERS PROMOTED
Mass Meeting
On Road Bond
Voting Called
BABY BORN AO
MR. AND MRS TOVREA
An 8-pound baby boy was born to
Mr. and Mrs. Phil E. Tovrea at the
home of Mrs. Tovrea's mother in Tuc
scn, Wednesday.
INFLUENZA SITUATION IMPROVES
According to local physicians, the
influenza situation continues to im
crbve, and should this favorable
weather continue, it is possible that
the epidemic will die away complete
ly. Only a few mild cases of the
disease are reported at times.
NEW TEACHER OF ENGLISH
Miss Ruth Jack, who is to teach
English at ' Bancroft Junior high
school, arrived in the city Wednesday
from the coast. Miss Jack is a grad-'
uate of Buffalo State normal school
and Emerson School of Oratory at
Boston. '
,V. M. C. A..SECRETARY EXPECTED
E. A. Putnam, secretary of the Y.
M. C. A., is expected home from Albu
querque today, where he attended a
series of institutes "under the auspices
of the association and given in the
interests of returned soldiers and
sailors and also to further the organ
ization of community socials. Mr.
Putnam left here a .week ago.
LEAVE FOR COAST
H. E. Morgan and wife left on the
Golden State limited last night for
Dunsmuir, Cal.
GIRL BORN TO BRANDTS
A baby girl was born to Mr. and
Mrs. C. J. Brandt at the C. and A. hos
pital yesterday. Mother and child are
doing well.
SPECIAL SERVICES
There will be special Good Friday
services at St John's Episcopal church
tonight at 8 o'clock. ;
SURPRISE SOCIAL ;
The Ladies' Aid society of the
Christian church will give a box eur-j
prise social at tne i . M. j. A op
May 22.
Captairf Irish Gives Details of
Trip to San Pedro
Encampment
Report has been issued by Capt.
F. M. Irish, N. G. A., retired, com
mander of the first regiment, A. C. C.
on the camp instruction of the Bisbee
battalion, which was held the last
week in March.
According to the report of the camp
of instruction was held on the banks
of the San Pedro river, 18 miles from
Bisbee. Ninety-five officers and ca
dets made the hike, which started at
6 a. m. and finished at 1:10 p. m., the
distance being covered in 7 hours,
with frequent halts of fftorb dura
tion. ..
The expenses incidental, to the trip
were born by those who participated,
each cadet and officer contributing
$5. A cook was hired at an expense
of $3G, and he was ably assisted by
a detail of kitchen police, consisting
of a squad for each 24- hours.
Regular guard details were estab
lished and the daily routine consisted
of a study period, athletics, parade,
retreat, maneuvers and call to quar
ters at 9 p. m. Taps were Bounded
at 9:30 p. m.
Upon recommendations of the sev
eral company commanders the fol
lowing appointments were made:
In mess company, to date from
April 1, 1919; to be sergeants: Ells
worth Menhennet, Frank Bowen,
Donald Frown, Floyd Rpberson, Law
rance Drane, Roger Kincade;to be
corporals; Edwin Stanley, Joe Stal
lings, Cliff Dana, Ray Kleinman, Jeor
ome Entz .Walter Tweedy, 'Hiram
Shouse, Ross Kingsbury, Alton Riggs,
Grant McDonald. " '
In Douglas First Company, to date
from April 3, 1919, to be sergeants;
Paul Glassy, Frank Henry, Loin Pat
terson, Ernest Bates; to be corporals;
Ben Hopper, Grady Causey, Allen
Foster, Edwin Williams, Andrew Me-
loy, William Hill, Towtlsend Wood.
In Douglas Second- Company: to
date from April 3, 1919, to be ser
geants; Santiago Sota, William Stock
man, William Dubbs, Dow Grant; to
be corporals; Louis i Patton', Roy
Simms, Gilbert Hale, r-Cardinal Da
con, Edward Peralto, AJherto Sota.
In Kingman Compahy, to be cor
poral, Tolar White, yite Dubis, dis
charged. - .
County Election on Highway
Improvement Rests
People's Decision
on
A mass meeting for tho pur
pose of discussing the advisabil
,ity of holding a county election
on the issue of selling bonds to
be utilized for road building in
this county, will be held at Doug
las Saturday under the auspices
of the Douglas Chamber of Com
merce and local -mines. As one
or more representatives from
every precinct in the county have
been urged to attend, it is expect
ed that at least 200 men will make
the trip. .
The meeting is the result of a
similar one held at Tombstone two
weeks ago, when more than 80
business men of the county as
sembled to discuss remedies for
the present unemployment situa
tion. At that meeting it was de
cided to hold this coming session .
in Douglas.
If a motion- is carried at: this f
meeting Saturday that a special
election should be held, the board
of supervisors will meet especially
to consider immediate steps with
a view' to holding' the election.
Several business men of this dis
trict have decided to attend the
meeting, which will Commence at
10 o'clock Saturday morning. .
ONLY 4000 OF 20,000
' ENGINES NOW USED
PETROGRAD, April 17. Out of 20,
000 locomotives on the Russian lines
at the en4 of last year, but 4000 are
now in operation. In the shops there
are 4000 more under repair.
PHILBROOK TO LEAVE
TODAY FOR MEETING
OF SCHOOL LEADERS
Local Superintendent Home
From Vocational Train
ing Conference v
C. F. Philbrook. superintendent of
schools, will leave this morning for
Tucson, where he will attend a two
day session of school executives to
be held at the state university. Busi
ness relating to school work and plans !
for this year will be considered among
ofher topics. Mr. Philbrook will re
turn to Bisbee Sunday. L. R. Blohm
of Bancroft high school and Mr. Horn
of Greenway school will accompany
Mr. Philbrook to Phoenix.
After an absence of nearly two
weeks, Mr. Philbrook returned to Bis
bee Wednesday from Pasadena, Calif.,
where he attended the federal confer
ence called for the purpose of dis
cussing vocational training in schoo:.
Delegates from Utah, Washington, Ne-1
vada, California, Oregon and Arizona j
were tiresent and during the session !
which lasted five days, much wprk
along educational lines was accomp
lished. '
Among the subjects which were dis
cussed were: Trades and industries,
domestic art and agriculture. Severa:
educators in the employ of the govern
ment were present for the purpose of
explaining and interpreting the Smith
Hughes act which allows for vocation
al training in schools. The result of
the conference Is that as soon as pos
sible courses in vocational training
will be started in schools.
CARTER SHOT IN SELF
DEFENSE, SAYS JURY
Subsequent to the fatal shooting
which occurred in Fort Huachuca sev
eral days" ago, in which Private George
Prater and his wife, Violet Prater,
were killed in a pistol dual, an inquest
-was -held by a coroner's jury at Tomb
stone. The result of the inquest show
ed that Private George Prater was
killed by a 45-automatic pistol in the
hands of one Sergeant Carter, in self
defense, and that Mrs. Prater was
killed by a 45-automatic in the hands
of a party unknown.
Sergeant Carter is still in the cus
tody of tho military authorities at
Fort Huachuca. but it is believed tiiat
no formal charges will be filed
against him and that he will soon be
given his freedom.
WHITE SOX RELEASE TWO
CHICAGO, April 17 The Chicago
Americans today re:f ;ed Bruna Haas,
former naval aviator and a candidate
for the outfield, and George Runge, a
local semi-professicnal, to the Mil
waukee American Associaticn club.
HERE'S YOUR CHANCE
OPENING SPECIAL
APRIL 15th to 25th ONLY
?4.00 Photos at $3.00
$3.00 Photos at $2.00
ECHO STUDIO
Formerly Castle Rock Studio
CREW TO ANNAPOLIS
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., April 17. The
Harvard rowing squad, numbering 20
men, left tonight for Annapdlis where
the varsity and freshmen crews will .
meet Princeton and Naval Academy
eights Saturday on the Severn river.
D
ANCE
Tomorrow Night
Warren Park
C & A BAND
Admission 50c
Everybody Welcome
One of the hills south of Warren
was transformed into a fairy like
mountain last night, when a number
of boys set fire to cactus along the
hillside. The firesy could be seen from
kny point in the Warren district. :
BRITAIN SCRAPS 4000
OBSELETE AIRPLANES
LONDON, April 17. Great Britain
had 20,850 airplanes and 1248 sea
planes when the armistice was pro
claimed. The government has scrap
ped nearly 4000 machines as obsolete
or damaged beyond repair.
I
'""Mr 11 MP
h"f..?-ZC. S-VJ-tH -Mi?: AiM
2 TfoKuppenhoiirser
r V ffl
I 1 ri
3 j r c - '
THE HOUSE OK
KUPPENHEIMER
has created such clothes for the men of this
community clothes that interpret the times,
"ace-high" in dependability and accuracy of
fit; fabrics that have life; smart patterns and
color tones. The kind of clothes that will fully
satisfy your careful regard for your appear
ance at Easter or any time. . Values equally
satisfying. ; , , .
$20 to $45
4feo just received the latest
styles in Stetson Straws and
Panama Hats
MILLER'S CLOTHES SHOP
The Kuppenheimer Home in Bisbee
1 3&Z3tJOi
Today
YRIG
THEATER
Continuous
From
1:00 to 11:00
Alaska and the Yukon ! The Golconda of the Few The Golgotha of the Many
Tv-
-in-
. 'THE DRIFTERS" '
A five part dramatic narrative of life in the Alaskan Wilds
SPANUTH'S Original "VOD-A-VIL"
Introducing six great acts of the present day Vaudeville stage
CHARLIE CHAPLIN
-in
Admission
"THE HAM ARTIST," A Scream
Reserved 25c; This i
Lower floor, 15c; Balcony, 10c;
Includes thfe War Tax. .
1
VT3 TTtV A TV TTPK DTHl TT TT TTa
fl 1 M II M lv I i 1 f ff M 1 1 1 M k i 1
MJJ JiU1 ill V1W IL JlilJiJ
a nnroic
liili iilLiU
TONIGHT' iTwo Shows: 7-9 P. 1.
CORPORAL H. C HAINES, A. S. S. C
A BISBEE BOY
Who will tell you all about and show, you five reels of , , .
Pictures taken while in Service "OVER THERE"
: SEE ;
The Battle in Action
Observation Balloons in Action
Scenes of Front Line Trenches
Largest Bombing Planes
Pictures Taken From Airplanes Over Trenches
First showing of authentic War Pictures taken by the
General Staff of the French Army.
This Includes War Tax
Admision Lower Floor, 35c Balcony, 25c.
Children, 15c.
Em
I