t
OS
WEATHER
Tuesday and "Wednes
day fair; warmer
Tuesday.
COPPER PRICE
Week ending May 28,
E. & M. Journal quota
tion, $16.35.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL 21. NO. 133
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1919
PRICE HVE CENTS
Ml IMP
gUnAlQ)
rpnn n
u u
Ml
rallliillL
EAST
RESIDENTS FLEE JUAREZ TO U. S.
FEARING GARRISON Will REVOLT;
CHIHUAHUA CITY'S FATE ill DOUBT
Villa Said To Be Attacking Chihuahua City With a Large
Force; Wireless Communication Established At Late
Hour With Threatened Capital But Brings No
News; Terror Stricken Juarez Exodus
EL PASO, Juno 2. A. Ruiz San
doval, Mexican vice-conaul here,
tonight received a message from
Gov. Espinosa Mireles of Coahuila
at Saltillo, announcing he was in
wireless communication with Chi
huahua City. Governor Mireles
suggested that government mes
sages for Chihuahua be telegraph
ed to Saltillo for wireless trans
mission to Chihuahua.
CHIHUAHUA ISOLATED
JUAREZ, Mex., June 2. Reports of
the capture of Chihuahua City by Villa
rebels ?were vigorously denied today
at military headquarters here. Col.
J. G. Escobar said his office was in
constant communication with Chihua
hua City by wire and that there were
no rebels nearer the capital than San
ta Ysabel, 30 miles to the southwest
on ttte Mexico Northwestern rail
road. - .......
It was admitted at military head
quarters that tba wires were cut Sun
day night at Terrazas, 80 miles north
of Chihuahua on the Meixcan Central,
but the line was soon repaired.
Americans with Interests In Chihua
hua and Parrel today made repeated
efforts to communicate with their rep
resentatives in the interior without
success. So far as is known the only
non-military message handled ovr the
line from Chihuahua-yesterday or to
day was ore addressed to American
Consul E. A., P6w, received late Sun
day, and which referred to routine
consular ' matters and made no men
tion of rebel activity.
Exodus From Juarez
Notwithstanding that there are up-
- ward of .3000 federal troops in the
Juarez garrison and official state-
iuents declare an attack by rebels is
extremely unlikely, a large number of
persons have moved to El Paso with
their families; and in some cases with
their household goods and other be
longings. The refugees Include the
families of several prominent officials,
including the wife of Gen. Jesus A.
Castro. The family of Gov. Andres
Drtiz, of Chihuahua, is also living in
El Paso.
To stop the exodus of minor officials
Collector of Customs Murreta has is
sued an order that employes of the
treasury department crossing to El
Paso will be considered as having
$60,000,000 Oil Flotation Decision
Is Reversed By U. S. Supreme Court
WASHINGTON, June 2. Opinions
of the federal district court holding;
the Butte and Superior Mining com
pany guilty of infringing upon a pat
ented process owned by the Minerals
Separation, Ltd., an dawarding the lat
ter approximately $10,000,000 damages
were upheld in part today by the su
preme court in disposing of appeals
from the circuit 'court of appeais;
which reversed with modifications
that judgment.
Because of the large amount of
money Involved, the case was one of
the most important to he disposed
of by the supreme court in recent
years. Upon Its outcome restB roy-
N. Y. to San Francisco Flight Next
WASHINGTON, June 2. An at
tempt to make a transcontinental
flight from Ney York to San Francis
co in less than two days with only
two stops enroute, will be made by
the army air service within the next
few days. A Martin bombing plane!
will be started. The start will , be
from MIneola, I 1.
North Platte, Neb., 1500 miles from'
New York, has been selected as the
mid-way point. The schedule allows
only 18 hours and 39 minutes for th
first lap and the departure from North
SFfpfiiiii nATiiii will
resigned their positions. Fear of a
mutiny of the garrison and not the
danger of a rebel attack, the refugees
explain, is responsible for their de
termination to quit Juarez.
No trains arrived or departed over
the Mexican Central line today, but
it was announced that a three trains a
week service would be maintained
over the Mexican Northwestern as far
as Pearson, Chihuahua.
YAQUIS RAMPAGE CONTINUES
LOS ANGELES, June 2. Officers of
a corporation having large -interests
south of Guaymas, Mexico, where sev
eral villages were reported to have
been raided by Yaquis joining the
forces of General Villa said today they
had received no Information of these
attacks, but had received a telegram
Saturday night that a large band of
Yaquis was near Guaymas and appear
ed hostile. . .
TEXAS FIRE DESTROYS
SOLDIERSM'ROPERTY
EL PASO, June 2 Fire fanned by
a 30 mile an hour gale last night de
stroyed barracks and mess buildings
of the Eighth Cavalry under Col. G. T.
Langhorne at Marfa east of here and
a large quantity of arms and ammuni
tion, equipment and personal property
of the soldiers. Buildings destroyed
were valued at $5000 and the loss and
arms and ammunition will be at least
as much more.
1IC-4 WILL MAKE HO
RETURN TRIP ATTEMPT
WASHINGTON. June 2. The Amer
ican naval seaplane NC-4, wblch ar
rived at Plymouth .England, Saturday,
thereby completing the first trans
Atlantic flight, will not attempt a non
stop or any other kind of a flight back
to the United States, Secretary Dan
iels said today. The seaplane will be i
disassembled and shipped to this coun-
Ury.
alty
damages aggregating $60,000,-
000.
The suit resulted from proceedings
instituted by the Minerals Separation
concern to enjoin the Butte company
from using the process and to obtain
an accounting. The federal disTrlct
court held that the Butte company
was using the patented process and
ordered it enjoined. Upon appeal
the circuit court of appeals reversed
this decision, finding that the process
was not being used but subsequently
modified its decree so aB to grant
damages for admitted Infringement
by the minging company for more
than five years.
Platte Is set for 3: 30 o'clock on the
following morning. The plane should
land at San Francisco about 5:58 p.
m. Officials here believe -the trip
should be made easily in about thir
ty-five hours.
Captain Roy Francis, a flyer of
long experience, both in military and
commercial planes will be in charge
of the flight. He will be accompan
led by Lieutenant A. Clune and two
or three mechanics. The plane to be
used Is capable of carrying one ton
of frieght or from ten to twelve pas-
sengr.
BLOWING
A TTY, GENERAL PALMER; OFFICIALS WHO
ACTIVE AGAINST "REDS" MARKED FOR
AUSTRIA LEFT
POPULACE OF
SIX IILLIO
Once Mighty Dual Empire Of
50,000,000 Is Reduced To
Skeleton By Allied Terms
Austrian Envoy Admits The
"Crime of 1914;" Humbly
Begs Victors Be Merciful
ST. GERMAIN. June 2. (By the
Associated Press.) The representa
tives of the vanquished Austrian na
tion met the victors at today's vere-
mony & thei2?i.ifcbik cutur Castle oiy
St. Germain to appeal for grace and
just and. kindly treatment. No trace
of the ' arrogantlc spirit with which
Count von Brockdorff-Rantzau. head
of the German delegation, attempted
at Versailles to arraign the allied pow
ers as jointly responsible for the war
and demanded participation in the ne
gotiations on equal terms, marked the
speech of Dr. Karl Renner, the Aus
trian chancellor, who replied to
Georges Clemenceau. the president of
the conference.
The Austrian plenipotentiary, speak
ing in French -as a concession to his
auditors, did not seek to extenuate
the guilt of the former Austro-Hun-garian
government for the horrible
crime of 1914."
He asked only that the full weight
of the punishment should not fall
solely on the little mountain republic,
which was all that was left of the
(once mighty Austria, but that It be
regarded as only one of eight new re
publics into which the old monarchy
had been divided and that it be ap
portioned no more of the penalty than
it could bear.
Photographer Causes Comedy
The mishap of a photographer who,
in the midst of Dr. Renners speech
fell with a crash of shattered glass,
into one of thq museum capes and
the blunders of the French translator,
who twice during the German trans
lation of the speech went astray, caus
ing gasps of mingled horror . and
ifiatrsement, also Impaired the formal
dignity of the scene.
SUMMARY OF TERMS
ST. GERMAIN. June 2. Following
Is a summary of the conditions of
peace as presented to the Austrian
plenipotentiaries today:
The treaty follows the same outline
as the German and in many places is
identical with it, except for the change
in name. Certain specific clauses
which applied only to Germany are, of
(Continued on Page Two)
HUNS DIVIDED OVER
REPUBLIC ON RHINE
BERLIN, June 2. (By the As
sociated Press.) The inhabitants
of Mayence and Weisbaten began
this morning a 24 hour trike in
protest against the attempted
proclaiming of an . independent
palatinate republic. .
It Is also reported that pro-German
palatinates at Mannheim de
clared a general strike and that
the Inhabitants of the palatinate,
notwithstanding threats by the
French of courts martial, every
where are tearing down the post
ers proclaiming the republic.
UP OF HOMES STARTS WITH THAT
TOLL OF TERRORIST BOMBS: IN BRIEF
WASHINGTON, June 2. An attempt was made late tonight to blow
up the residence here of Attorney -General Palmer. Frist reports were that
one or more persons were killed by the explosion, which partially wrecked the
house.
Mr. Palmer has been active in the prosecution of radicals and was de
signed as one of th recipients of bombs mailed in New York but held up by
the postal authorities there.
BOSTON, June 2 The home of Justice Albert F. Hayden of the Rox
bury municipal court at No. 11 Wayne street, was severely damaged by an
explosion of unknown origin shortly before midnight tonight. No one was
in the house at the time, the judge and his family being at their summer
home at the sebshore.
PITTSBURGH, June 2. A bomb explosion, which occurred- two doors
from the residence of United States District Judge W. H. Thompson late
tonight, damaged the residence of the jurist and other houses in the vicinity.
The homes of three prominent business men were damaged by the force of
the explosion, which occurred on the porch of C. J. Cassidy's residence it
the fashionable Highland district: ' Cassidy's wife and their four children
were thrown from their beds by the force of the explosion.
PATERSON, N. J-, May 2. An explosion which was believed to have been
caused by -.a bomb wrecked the hcuse of Max Gold, silk manufacturer at
12:30 o'clock this morning partially wrecked adjoin.ing houses and broke
the front door and windows of a residence across the street. Most of the
houses within a radius of 200 feet had windows broken. Captain Ryan of
the police, declared it his belief that a bomb was planted in the driveway
close.' to Gold's residence. No one was Injured. ' " '
. -- - "
- CLEVELAND,' 'June 2. An attempt
iMayor Harry L. Davis here tonight.
house was wrecked Fire reports were that it was a gas explosion but police
later declared a bomb or infernal machine had been planted.
PHILADELPHIA. June 2. Attempts wei-e made lata tonight to blow up
a catholic church and a private residence in different sections of West Phil
adelphia with bombs. So far as could be learned no one was injured. Tne
explosions could be heard for many blocks.
v-
NEW YORK, June 2. A numbe'r of persons were'injured late tonight
...i k.mk vninrUd at Lexinaton avenue and 67th street, according to
reports received at police headquarters,
to the scene.
NEWTON VI LLE, Mass., June 2. The house of State Representative Le
land W. Powers, a son of former Congressman Samut'4 L. Powers was partly
wrecked by a bomb soon, after midnight this morning. Mr. Powers was with
his family on the second floor and no one was injured so far as is known.
The bomb was .placed against the outside of the house to the rear and
tore through walls -wrecking the first floor interior and smashing windows.
PITTSBURGH, June 2, Shortly before midnight and a few minutes af
ter the Highland district explosion, another bomb explosion occurred in the
West End district Residences weret badly damaged and W. W. Sibray, chief
inspector of the bureau of immigration here, was thrown from his bed. The
Sibray residence is located across the street from where the explosion, oc
curred, and police authoritiea express the belief that the bomb was intended
for the inspector, who has been active in the deportation of alien enemies.
DECLARES LEAGUE
Sen. Johnson Sees "Blackest
Page In All History ;"
Others Uphold
WASHINGTON, June 2. A charge
that the old world powers, led by
Great Britain and Japan are attempt
ing through the league of nations to
trap the United States Into perpetual
ly guaranteeing their Integrity, was
made in the senate today by Senator
Johnson, Republican, of California.
The league proposal, declared the
senator, has behind it no serious pur
pose of maintaining peace, but is in
stead a proposal to maintain autocra
tic power. He asserted the Paris dele
gates dared not make good their peace
professions by writing into the league
covenant a provision to leave war dec
larations to a popular vote of the peo
ples affected.
"This league of nations with the
men who really wrote it," he said,
"was meant to maintain peace only In
sofar as peace maintained forever In
violate their territories and their sub
ject peoples."
In a speech of more than two hours.
Sen? tor Johnson charged also that the
provision dealing with the Monroe
doctrine was Inserted in the revised
covenant of the lesgue for the purpose
of maintaining i the doctrine invalid;
that the American delegates In Paris
Continued on page two
AILO-APANSE
t - - -
was made to blow up the home of
No one was injured, but a part of the
An ambulance has been ' hastened
UPHOLD RAIL AHO
Actions in .40 States Beaten
by Decision of U. S.
Supreme Court
WASHINGTON, June 2. Increased
railroad, telephone and telegraph rates
ordered by the railroad administration
and by the postmaster general, respec
tively, were sustained today by the
supreme court which held that the war
powers conferred by congress upon
the president Included sweeping con
trol over the railroad and wire sys
tems with "supreme and conclusive"
authority to fix intrastate rates.
The questions were decided in two
opinions rendered by Chief Justice
White,, the one relative to the railroad
rates being unanimous while Justice
Brandeis dissented in the telephone
and telegraph decision but without
rendering a separate opinion. The
opinions affect litigation which has
been instituted in about 40 states and
which involved the validity of both
rate orders.
As a result of the court's decision,
injunctions restraining the director
general of railroads from enforcing an
order increasing freight and passen
ger rateB in North Dakota, were dis
solved. The court also upheld the dis
missal of proceedings brought by
Massachusetts state authorities to pre
vent intrastate telephone rates In that
CHtjHUd c pftg two)
PHONE RATE RAI8
mm
I
ELPHIA,
11
G
I T
1
Ell
Judges, Mayors, U. S. Officials and Immigration Officers, All
Of Whom Had Part, in Public Actions Against Radicals,
Have Homes Blown Up; All Escape, But Two Of Bomb
Planters Are Blown To Bits When Bombs Prematurely
Explode; Aged Woman Killed; Screed Declares Class War
BULLETIN
NEW YORK, June 3. An attempt early this morn
ing to blow up Judge Charles C. Nott, jr., of the court of gen
eral session, resulted in the death of at least one person and
possibly three. ' ' ' ' ' "
A bomb, which was planted beneath the entrance of
Judge Nott's residence, exploded at 12:53 a. m.
At the New York offices of the bureau of investigation
of the United States department it was stated that, up to a
late hour no instruction had been received to start department
of justice agents at work on the plot.
Agents of the fire department bureau of combustibles
reported they had found portions of one or mre human bodies
buried beneath the debris. The torso of one of the victims ap
parently was that of a woman. Bits of male clothing and a
false mustache also were found in the debris.
Judge and Mrs. Nott are not in the city. One of the
bodies, found in the basement is thought to be that of the
man who planted the bomb.
i
BULLETIN
PHILADELPHIA, June 2. Bombs were thrown late
tonight by two men in an automobile at the rectory of the
Catholic church of Our Lady of Victory in West Philadelphia
and at the home of Louis Jagielky, a jeweler, eight blocks
away. The rectory was badly damaged and plate glass win
dows in the church shattered. A woman and young girl who
were passing were slightly injured.
The front was torn out of Jagielky 's house and one per
son was seriously injured.
Believing a systematic attempt was being made to
wreck churches and schoolhouses, the authorities ordered a
strong guard thrown around every church and schoolhouse
in the city.
WASHINGTON, June 3. Another attempted reign of
terror, directed chiefly against public officials who have been
active in their prosecution was launched by American radi
cals shortly before midnight last night.
A bomb explosion which damaged the residence of At
torney General A. Mitchell Palmer, in the fashionable north
west section of Washington, but which apparently resulted
only in the death of the bomb planter, was followed at brief
intervals by similar explosions in seven other cities in a belt
extending from Cleveland to Boston.
Besides Washington, Cleveland and Boston, cities in
which bomb outrages occurred were Pittsburgh, Paterson, N.
J., West ' Philadelphia, New York and Newtonville, Mass.
West Philadelphia and Pittsburgh were subjected to two sep
arate explosions.
INTENDED VICTIMS ALL ESCAPE
Bombs intended by anarchists for men who had directed
the force of law against them, pronounced sentences against
radicals or introduced legislation intended to check their ma
chinations, failed in every case to claim their victims. In c-"-eral
cases, however, families of public officials and the -W"-lic
officials themselves experienced narrow escapes. Tt dcth
toll of two taken in the Washington and the New York ex
plosions recoiled upon instigators of the -riojn of tf"-rcrisrT
according to first conclusions reached by the police, in some
Continued On ptga two
OF
WERE
DEATH
BOSTON
CLEVE
, i. T,
LAND,
IE0
CITIES B TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1919
SECOND 111 BOMB PLOT BY REDS
' . " (Continued from Page One)
instances innocent pedestrians were injured more or less se
riously. .
Whether the explosions of the bomb planted in the
lower portion of Attorney General Palmer's residence was in
tended as the first of the series of explosions or whether it had
been timed to occur at approximatly the same instant as the
others, but exploded prematurely, could not be decided early
today by agents of the department of justice and police of
the various cities, who began at once a nation-wide search for
the culprits.
May Day Plot Recalled
! The similarity of the reports re
ceived from the various cities recalled
,to authorities the May Day bomb plot
of a moth ago.
The bomb planted under the steps
general war was to be waged against
leaders of society as. society is now
organized, was the only clue reported
discovered at aa early hour this morn
ing. Coming on the heels of the nation-wide
May day plot secret service
of the home of the attorney general j ?",cla!8 could, not interPret explosion
at 2132 R street, in the fashionable f0"winfg "plTn f"!
. v. . outburst without much doubt planned
northwest section of Washington, L - , vj
.. . A , ... . - i .w t y the same group of radicals as had
w ecked the dwel ing, smashed in the e in fc perpetrated
windows-o adjoining houses .for a last montn. i .
Tl!Alr i i . Inn -J a.. - . . ! 1 I- t '
Palmer residence.
An empty suit case, found near the
entrance, and a hand bill signed. "The
Anarchist Fighters," printed on red
paper, worded in inflammatory fash
Ion, and serving notice of Intent of
its authors to begin general war on
leaders of society, was the only clue
available at a late hour tonight.
The remains of the man killed was
literally shredded over the block and
driven into the asphalt pavement.
"The only way I can reconstruct the
Incident," said Major Pullman, super
intendent of the capital police, at the
end of his preliminary investigation,
"is on the theory that the explosive
blew up just as it was being deposited
in the doorway. It is possible, but
unlikely that it was a passerby in
volved." Washington Officials Guarded
Instantly upon receipt of the news
of the attempt on lives of other lead
ing men in other communities, Major
Pullman ordered special guards sent
out to the residences of cabinet of
ficers and prominent men in govern
ment circles. Mr. Palmer and other
members of the family were at home,
but escaped any injury, though the
front of the residence almost collapsed
with the force of the explosion. They
were on the second floor preparatory
to retiring at the time.
So thoroughly was the corpse scat
tered that surgeons had difficulty in
ascertaining whether one or two per
sons had been involved. Pieces of
two separate fire arms were also lo
cated, one an automatic pistol and the
other a revolver. The suitcase was of
cheap construction. The handbill.
which was grease-spotted, was head,
ed in larget type "Plain Words." It
opened with the statement "The pow
ers that be make no secret of their iu
tcntion to stop the world-wide revo
lution In America" and concluded af
ter announcing its acceptance of a
challenge to some kind of war with a
printed signature "The Anarchistic
Fighters."
Bomb Planter Badly Scattered
besides tearing away the residence
place the stone steps leading up to the
first floor level. Remnants of shab
by clothing worn by the man killed
were scattered, sections being found
over a radius of 100 feet, and plast
ered on an automobile which happen
ed to be passing at that moment.
Streets, near the Palmer home were
cleared with difficulty by police and
soldiers pressed into service. Or.e or
two persons near the spot claimed tci
have heard two explosions, but most
people reported only one. It had,
however, terrific force. Members of!
Attorney General Palmer's family,'
while shocked, the police said, retain-'
fd self control perfectly. ;
Mr. Palmer said he could assign
no reason for the attempt upon his life
which was the . second within six
weeks, one of the bombs discovered in
the New York postoffice having been
addressed to him. !
What may tura out to be the first 1
tlue leading to identification' of the 1
anarchists was obtained in this city '
and Boston where the police discover-1
ed circulars and handbills signed "Th
Anachistic Fighters." j
The bill, serving warning that al
'QUIEN SABE' LOCKED
UP AS OFFICER BROWN
MAKES MAIDEN PINCH
An old song with rhyth and pep
runs:
"They sing about the lawyer and
his maiden case,
"They sing about the maiden's
powdered face "
But, no one ever sings the story
of the cop's maiden arrest, says
F. C. Brown, who was appointed
traffic officer la3t week, and who
maid his maiden "puU" on Sun
day evening.
On the other hand, the fellows
on the force "kid' him, says
Brown.
Officer Brown encountered a
Mexican on the street Sunday
evening.
"What's your name?" inquire
the officer.
"Quien Sabe," said the Mexican.
"All right, Quien Sabe, come on
with me," said the officer.
At the city lockup Brown book
ed the Mexican as either drunk
or crazy. , The docket read,
"Quien Sabe, drunk or crazy, ar-
Vrested on Main street near post-
office."
Yesterday the Mexican was still
out of his head. Examination dis
closed he smoked marjhauna, the
Mexican opium. He will get well,
said the doctor. Brown, however, ,
- has not recovered.
MISS REESE BRIDE OF
CLYDE UJtARKSON
Miss Vesilla Reese, daughter of Dr.
and Mrs. H. A. Reese of this city,
and Clyde Erskine Clarkson of Des
Moines, Iowa, were married in Jones
boro, Arkansas. Saturday, May 29th.
The ceremony was performed by Dr.
H. N. Barber of the Presbyterian
church of that city. Mr. Clarkson is
a member of the Sigma Chi frater
nity and formerly attended the Uni
versity of Arizona, where he met
Miss Reese who( was also a student
there. The young couple have many
friends here and at the University, to
wish them happiness. They will re
side in Arkansas for the present.
ROAD BOND ELECTION
CALL IS HELD UP AS
TAXPAYERS PROTEST
Outlying Districts Object To
Method In Which Roads
Are Apportioned
Whether residents of Cochise county
will have an opportunity to vote on a
proposed bond issue of $1,200,000 to
be expended by the new highway com
mission named by the present board
of supervisors, was again left over for
two weeks, following the meeting of
the, board yesterday in Tombstone.
Protests from taxpayers, difficulty in
determining the details of the new
commission's recommendations, and
argument featured the meeting.
The highway commission, which had
presented a program of proposed roads
at a meeting two weeks ago, returned
yesterday before the board with the
same program of roads, slightly
amended and made a little more defi
nite as to location and proposed ex
penditures. - Simultaneously, some 15
or more taxpayers representing wide
ly separated districts including Webb,
Benson, McNeal and Sulphur Springs
valley towns, appeared before the
commission to object to the highway
program of the new commission.
The recommendations of the com
mission were first received, and then
the taxpayers were given - the floor.
Their dissatisfafction was over . the
manner in which roads had been ap
portioned, the routes which had been
selected ' by the commission for Im
provement, and the amounts to be ex
pended in their individual districts
Following the protests of the tax
payers, W. G. Gilmore, attorney of
Tombstone, who has been employed
by the board of supervisors to advise
them as to road matters, suggested
that the taxpayers put their protests
in writing, and that the board put off
action for another two weeks, pending
the receipt of the protests and their
reading. This plan of action was adopt
ed. All members of the new commits
sion and all members of the board
attended the meeting.
SCAVENGER BUSINESS
BIGGEST CITY ASSET
IN MONTHLY REVENUE
LEAGUE IS ATTACKED
BY HIRAM JOHNSON
(Continued fi-ftm Par One
had written "the blackest page in all
our history" by approving the trans
fer of Shantung to Japan; and that
in the background of the whole peace
negotiations lurked the sinister influ
ence of the Anglo-Japanese offensive
and defensive alliance. .
The , California senator's resolution
asking for the complete text of the
peace treaty probably will come up
Wednesday.
Total collections of the office of the
city marshal, according to the report
of J. A. Kempton, marshal, to the city
council for the month of May Just
closed, amounted to $1857.65. The
largest single item of the report is
that of. scavenger service, for which
$550.25 was . collected. For general
licenses $132 was collected, and for
dog licenses the city realized $124. The
police court in fines realized the city
$248, -while hpuse and jail rent to
taled $135. Two dances at the city
park netted $20. Interest on the city
funds for the month included in the re
port was $19.82.
Each month Marshal Kempton
makes collections in almost this fig
ure. One of the remarkable feature
of his office has been the manner in
which he has increased the general
taxes for occupations in the city. A
new system has been installed where
by merchants subject to the tax de
clare their own earnings. By this
system it has been possible to give
better service to the merchants and
! to realize larger, taxes. According to
the marshal he has had an increasing
income for thecity over the past ten
months or more . ' ' ,
Phone Rate Raise
rs Upheld By U.S.
-- .v .- -
(Continued from page one)
state being increased and set aside
injunctions preventing advance of tele
phone rates in South Dakota and tele
graph rates in Illinois. In addition the
court also dismissed an original suit
brought by the Etate of Kansas against
the postmaster general seeking to
have the rate3 prescribed by him. in
th& state declared unreasonable and
to prevent them from being made ef
fective. !
In deciding the cases the court held
that the resolutions under which the
government took over control of these
utilities together with the president's
proclamations and the railroad control ;
act gave the United States "complete
possession and control" under the war '
powers and that congress had a right
to confer these powers upon the president.
Austria -is' left by-the treaty a state I
of from 6,000,000 to 7,000,000 people,
inhabiting a territory of between
5000 and 6000 square miles out of an
empire which had over 50,000,000
Under" the terms of the treaty Aus
tria is to renounce possession of lare
tracts of territory,! Including Hungary
and her colonial possessions. Her
navy is to be entirely surrendered, but
she is given transit priviliges through '
former Austro-Hungarian territory in
order that she may have access to the
Adriatic. As to the future of her army,
the decree will be submitted later.
Likewise the demand for indemnities
end reparation is reserved for future
discussion.
Fifteen days are allowed the Aus
trian to reply. i
Mason Ave. Cash Grocery 1
WE ARE NOW OPEN '
Staple and Fancy Groceries and Vegetables Ice Cream
and Cones Soda Water Candv Clears and Tobaccos
A clean stock and a clean store. We solicit your patronage, and
will treat you right, with prices as low as in the big stores.
H. B. SHERWOOD, Prop.
Phone 34
Cars Called ,For and Delivered
When Your Car Needs Washing
Phone 34
LEAGUE FOES DENOUNCED
DES MOINES, la., June 2. Denun
ciation of the attitude of "certain sen
ators' concerning the league of na
tions covenant, during which the
name3 of Senators Borah of Idaho and
Lodge of Massachusetts were mention
ed, and a prediction that there will
be another world war w ithin 20 years
if the covenant is not adopted, were
made at state peace rallies hem tn.
night under auspices of the National
League to Enforce Peace.
AUSTRIA TINY STATE
AS RESULT OF TERMS
(Continued from page one)
course, omitted and certain new
clauses included. ' -
A Man
Can Borrow
Money on
What He
Puts Into
A Home
He Can't on
What He
Pay
For Rent
Bisbee Lumber
Company
(Incorporated)
E. MARKS, Manager
Lowell Car Stop Phone 25
Bisbee Auto Service
O. C. LANGBEIN, Manager
Automobiles Washed,
Polished and Painted
Rates Reasonable
Special Monthly Rate
All Work Guaranteed to Prove ' Satisfactory or no Charge
Johnson Addition at Car Shop 1 .
Store New3
max
Only 4 More Days to
J muni
Mo
TRY THE REVIEW WANT ADS FOR QUICK RESULTS
- -
Oil! Oil! Oil!
STOCK FOR SALE
Central. Oil Co., Invader Oil &
Refg. Co., Otex Oil Co., Burk
burnett, Victory, Liberty Bonds
face valut' for Texas Crude.
- F. BRIGGS & CO.
v Lowell
P. O. Box 3007 Phone 701
POLKS are a heap like tobacco. Thar's hot-headed,
flbitey .folks. Thar's flat, uninteresiin' folks. An9
then thar's folks like Velvet mild, but hearty an9
fren'ly, too.
Going Away?
Phone The Review your va
cation address and have the
paper follow you.
Keep in touch with the
home news.
Change ycur address as
often as you like or give us.
your itinerarv.
PHONE S'J.
At the SIGN
The Red Crown sign means
"The Gasoline of Quality"
always dependable. Look for
the Red Crown sign before.
you fill.
STANDARD OIL
COMPANY
(California)
V
mwBBmmmmmmmWmmtm9-lmMmWaWmWM9m
I
m .: i ft Pi . J
HraB&W J,
(( km Q
in ni ( UL r
Q i h ft) J
THE
TBAC fj
D
0
I I it l I l "
f Quality
23
J. J. SPARKS, Special Agent, Standard Oil Co., Bbbee, Ariz.
WHAT appearance doe3 the front entrance to your house
make? The steps, porch, and pillars are usually fjrst to show
wear. On account of their prominence they should have first
attention. A coat of good paint now may save costly repairs later.
Heath & MilUgan Porch and Deck Paint for th floor, fp,
and ctilmgg.
Outdoor Furniture Paint for thm tablet and chain.
fieai Prepared Paint for tha aiding and pillar.
These products belong to a family with 50 others and are the !iiKIiest
cride in every respect. They arc the best that Heatii & Millisan know
how to make, representing 67 years of paint making experience.
For durable and lasting results, always look for the Dependable Trade
mark (shown above), winch will be found on the label of the packace of
every top grade Heath & Milligaii Paint and Varnish Product. Make it
your safe-guide, when ready to buy. Cards showing sample color chips are
iree. Complete and simple directions on every package,
H.-E. Wootton
HARDWARE AND TINNING
Opp, Elks Club
"Friendly" is a very good word to describe the
positively pleasing quality that sets VELVET
tobacco apart.
There is that indescribable something about VELVET
that is associated in men's minds with the thought
of a friend. ,.
It is a satisfying smoke never harsh; without a bite.
Like a friend it "agrees" with you no . matter how
much you use it.
Long, patient ageing in
wooden hogsheads does it.
Friendship must ripen
slowly. Good tobacco the
same way. An army of
men have learned this
through VELVET.
Today is a good time to get
a lot of comfort out of a
pipeful of friendly VELVET.
Roll a VELVET
Cigarette
VELVETS naturm-eged
mUdnt and tmoothne
mtti it jam rigKt for
tlgarettu
JaAffykyodOStoctCai
15
L rvvs;fr?;v.,:-:.v?;.. Ait
The Announcement You Have Been
M
mm
TV.. A.
o
Waiting
For
I 1 Gorf Il
OS .T..Bl!lljn
.11 ViJf
Our present production b a high grade oil, we are getting $2.35 a barrel for it. Our present production can pay back our stockholders every dollar they invest with us. The life of our two wells now produc
ing have been predicted to produce for years by experienced oil men, these wells having a 4 Moot sand The following maps will give you an idea of part of our valuable leases.
This Stock Is Selling afc $10.00 a Share Par
Drilling ' JV N NgB
For Gushers J JUi& AJLI'-'
acres y-tf a i 4,
mJ, Tf u 1 J t Jl Cutsr-4
-7";?cSgn l LAi? r, r&4 - kfthHt
i r grli., "ir S7i ""P! 1 i jracsajaj
. ' . ; Tnwr
Holdings
mi
LOCATSO iN BLOCK 72. IN CtNTC.Fl OP
FV7lSH ACTIVITY IHVOLVtMO
VI0V3 Dollars..
:7
5
-Gulp Ptoo. (Z. . ,' j l I .V I I U o TiONLY . " 'lS
3OOY05 V -:
SOUTH . 1 aT-i loS-
111 111 OF SCHOOL, oo3ji Moo 5m
KtY T . o HOUS -f?fe
I J 1 - cf 4.: 1
HOLDINGS TfrV
Showing lq cation of th Two i 3-5JC )
riS OFFSLT VUS IAI 7HL DUftHBUXNtrA y QiU J J)
TOWNSHIP POCL. JO0Zjj
The Greater Texas Oil Co. are going to place millions and millions of ; doikrs in their treasury, and we are offering you ari opportunity to receive part of these millions.
It is possible that an investment with this company can make you independent for life. Nature must change the present oil pool in Texas before she can prevent the Greater Texas Oil Co. from getting her
share of it We have over 1200 acres of oil leases in six different sections of the oil fields, and four of these sections have been proven to be producing fields.
We the Central Stock Exchange of Wichita Falls, Texas know the enormous possibilities of these
properties.
We have investigated the standing of these men and know that these officers and directors mean a
sterling guarantee to every investor large or small.
WE THEREFORE URGE YOU TO BUY THIS STOCK TO YOUR LIMIT
Act Now and Rejoice Delay and Be Sorry
You Are Invited to Wire Your Order Today
and cover immediately by Check, Post Office Money Order, or Liberty Bonds (at Market Quotation).
Tomorrow May Be Too Late
2.
3.
4.
5.
Holdings of the Greater Texas Oil Company
1. Valuable 5 acre lease in BLOCK 72, right m the GUSHER FIELD northwest of Burkburnett,
surrounded by the. Burk-Waggoner, Thrift No. -2, Golden Cycle, United Oil, Collin County,
Golden Leaf, M. & P. Burk, Burk Sun, Summit Petroleum, and'. Wood-Verschoyle-Munger. wells
1 C OAA . 1 AAA 1 1 1 t
producing rrom zuu to uuu barrels daily.
A 2J2-acre tract south of the School Block in Burkburnett with two (2) producing wells yielding
about 250 barrels per day. ;
Proven shallow acreage, 50 acres in Archer County right next to the American Ace, .where 5
distinct oil sands have been found.
Proven shallow acreage, 10 acres in Iowa Park south of the. town and near the Zink wells. " A
deep test well is being drilled just west of us.- ,
Two large wildcats, 640 acres in Reeves and 520 acres in Grimes Countv. where indications are
excellent and about fifteen deep test are going down, with geologic structure very favorable.
Drilling Program
Whereas other companies begin by selling stock with promise to drill. THE GREATER TEXAS
OIL COMPANY immediately began to drill before offering any stock for sale. Two wells are al
ready drilled in Burkburnett and arrangements are being completed to drill two wells immediately in
Block 72. Their drilling program contemplates: . ; , , ,( .
1 .' Two deep wells in Block 72 to he drilled as -soon as necessary funds are raised.-'
2 - Two deep wells in Burkburnett already drilled in and producmg;:'-;::v--:v--;;--'vUS:rfvv:-.-- rv.; . ;
3. - Six shallow welb in Archer County and Iowa Park.
Estimate of Profits
1. Present production from the two 'producing wslls will yield already about 35 per cent per year on
the total capitalization. Add to this the estimated income from six shallow wells and we confi
dently expect close to 1 50 per cent per year dividends. , ,
2. Block 72 with two wells should bring a settled production of 4,000 barrels' daily However, a
settled production of only 2,000 barrels will bring $K500,000 a year, making a total of about
2,000,000 or 50 PER CENT DIVIDEND PER MONTH, or 600 PER CENT PER YEAR.
Absolute Guarantee
1 . Stockholders will first be paid 1 00 per cent of the net earnings from oil in dividends until 1 00 per ;
cent of the respective amounts invested has, been repaid. . C
2. StockhbldeTsdnEea set-aside for
further development'--' " - v" '
3. All investors in; this fund, officers and directors included will participate with absolute "eaualitv.
The
eater - Texas
Company
EXECUTIVE OFFICES DALLAS, TEXAS
Wire or Mail All Orders to Our
EL -PASO OFFICE
to
CM
each according to the proportion of stock held.
Immediately
! i
501 MILLS BLDa
ATT
-J..- . FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1919
vbllthed Everv Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated Publishing
Cvmsany
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
I he Associated Press Is exclusively entitled to the use for re-publication
rf all news dispatches credited to It or not otherwise credited to this paper,
and also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches herein are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class
SUBSCRIPTION RATES,,
Per month
Six months
Twelve months
Sunday (our weekly) per year-
Statements to our subscribers are
month. If you receive our paper through a City Carrier, he will bring your
statement to your door for collection.
Dally Review. Those desiring subscriptions for more than one month may se
cure them by advising The Review office.
The Lesson
Use one Job and training for the next job.
A reading of the life of Theodore Thomas, the musician, reveals
a great and simple lesson for any young man in any profession, trade
or field of endeavor.
Thomas came to America as a mere boy, and was forced not only
to earn hisown living, but to contribute to the family support.
This he did by playing the violin at all-night dances about New York.
Like a good many of us he did not lika his Job and the prospect for
(anything better was dark, very dark; for the great American metropolis
was at that time of two-story buildings with cattle roaming Broadway.
His sensitive soul revolted against the class of music he was forced
to play. j
But he schooled 'his will to rise above it; he imagined himself prac
ticing, and through all the long, weary hours of those all-night affairs
he drew his tone pure and clear, and all the while keeping a perfect
rhythm of the dance.
It is stated that here he acquired the sense of rhythm that char
acterized the work of the great orchestras which he afterwards directed.
His next work was in a Bowery theater where Shakespeare was pro
duced and when the other musicians went out during rests to drink and
smoke and gossip Thomas stayed in the orchestra pit to listen to and
study the lines.
Then he went down south on horseback, giving concerts, for the
most part in hotel dining rooms, but no matter how small the audience
or how low the admission fee he gave a good concert he gave his
- patrons more than their money's worth.
In 1851 he was made second concertmaster of the 'Italian Opera -Company
of New York. The stars of this organization were Jennie land
and Henriette Sontag, perhaps two of the finest natural singers that the
world has ever produced.
Night after night young Thomas sat and listened to those two women
and trying at every note to imitate their pure, flue like tones on his violin.
It was through this experience that Thomas in After life recom
mended that all singers study the violin and that all violinists study
singing
Thomas was finally made concertmaster of this organization and
well, opportunity luck always seems to come to a man who studies
and works; for through the sudden Illness of the director he finally suc
ceeded to that position. .''
Theodore Thomas took many 'large musical organizations 'across the
continent numbers of times and amid many discouragements and finan
cial loss in his early days; but he did more for the musical education
of America than any man that ever lived. -
He realized all his life's ambition. v '
His was finally one of the three best orchestras in the world and it
was finally installed in a permanent hall of its own.
He accomplished it all by using one opportunity to make another
using one position and training for the next.
His work and study ended only a few days before his death.
Good Time as
Most of us have been waiting, since the news came November 11
of the cessation of the world madness, for prices to drop; and they
haven't dropped.
We have been prying around a bit for our own satisfaction and we
have discovered that there is every likelihood that prices will be higher
"before they are lower.
We doubt, indeed, if prices generally will be lower in this generation.
And we don't care whether you mean the price -of a .house, of a
watch, of a pork chop, or of a spring suit.
We have about concluded that what we need and have the money
to pay for, we will buy; just as we did before the war.
If you are going to build a house, or a chicken coop, you will not
save any money by waiting; not if you wait for five or ten years.
Labor, transportation, and cost of raw materials establish prices.
Labor is not going to tolerate any cut in wages, of consequence.
And labor, the world over, is in a position today to get justice.
The cost of raw material, of foodstuffs, or fuel, and minerals will
not be materially Jessened.
The cost of transportation is more likely to increase than to be
diminished.
Where is your scale of lower priceB coming from?
From nowhere unless every trade, indication is false.
The wise men are going ahead on the new basis, and doing business.
The sooner we all quit hanging back, waiting for the impossible, the
sooner will the trade volume increase to the point where some slight
decrease in business costs may be achieved; the steady flow of business
is the only possible chance for even slightly lessened prices.
We must be clothed and fed and housed and amused; to the extent
of our needs and ability let us proceed as we did in the peaceful yearB.
Hanging back on the halter and waiting for the green pastures to march
to our nosebags will never feed us.
When Dad Plays Ball ,
Huh, the youngsters aren't such terrible hot stuff at baseball.
Father, who used to swing a wicked bat in the old days on the back
lot behind Smith's livery stable, is foing to show up his son and all his
son's gang. Father is feeling pretty frisky these days. Seeing the kids
'batting out two sackers and everything recalls the old days to him and
makes him get out on the lot, roll up his sleeves, grip the old bat in his
ur.hardened hands and take a swat at the ball.
Boy, that was some smash! Look at the ball sailing over the fence
into Brown's garden, knocking over a couple of flower pots en route and
creating further havoc in the pansy bed. And look at dad circling the
"bases. Say, there sure is some speed in those long legs of his. Safe at
third! A three-bagger! Listen to the gang yell! Dad is the hero
of the hour.
Now watch him slide home. Say, the whole bunch plays better ball
now. And listen to this, the whole bunch will be better boys because
father gets into their game. '
Wall Street complains that the southern planters' organization to hold
cotton is a combination in restraint of good gambling.
Heinie's wail is occasioned by the
deal had so many sharp edges.
We are at some pains to teach a boy the value of good manners, and
he grows up to discover that the chronic kicker gets thebest service.
If you will make a careful study
civilization consists in a high regard
Weather, style aud price urge us
The headlines are getting bark to
boy would rather be a .400 hitter than
Leuine's new year, beginning on
to have 270 working days. Any sort
bo condemned by American Reds.
Mall Matter at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8. 1879.
PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
. .80
, 4.00
7.50
2.50
rendered on or about the first of every
Make all checks payable to The Eisbee
in a Life
Anyto Buy
fact that he didn't know a square
of our laws, you will discover that
for property rights.
to wear fewer clothes.
normal, and the great American
to be a general.
October 25 instead of January 1. is
o( year that hay working days will
Bisbpe War Comrades Mourn Each
Other as Dead; Meet on Street Here
To find your best friend through
many months of army life, the man
with whom you enlisted and trained
and shipped to the front and went into
battle and, endured the cooties and
mud and rain and grub of Flanders'
fields, the man whom you had grieved
as dead
To have the man whom you grieved
as dead find you, after years of part
ing silence, and after he had believed
for years that you were dead
Scuh was the experience of R. O.
Mitchell and Edward P. Johnson, both
of the Warren district, who met on
the streets of Bisbee Sunday night.
Mitchell and Johnson left Bisbee on
December 5, 1914, for England, where
they both enlisted in the British army.
They went together into the training
camp, received their training together,
were shipped to France in the same
company, and went into the front line
trenches at the same time. On the
next day they went into action.
"I was 6lightly wounded, said
Mitchell last night, "and they took
me to a hospital. I remained sev
eral weeks, and returned again to the
front. On this occasion I met up again
with Johnson, and we were in the
same outfit for several days until
again we went into battle."
Here Johnson took up the story.
"We were advancing . over the top
when" a big shell hit right in the mid
dle of us. I saw Mitchell fall to the
CAN'T KEEP AWAY
FROM SOUTHWEST,
VOWS HOTEL MAN
Thomas W. Law, formally, known
to his hundreds of friends in Arizona
as Tommy, one of the best known men
in the southwest, has returned to the
southwest after crossing the ocean to
enlist, being refused npon medical ex
amination,, . and spending several
months trying to learn fo Hke Austra
lia, his native land.
"It's no use," declared Law yester
day. "It's no use. A man wty is in
leve with the southwest might as well
try to forget food as this country. He
may get along a day or two or three
without either, but sooner or later ie
must and will come back to both if ,
the Lord permits.",- " i
Law is -now representing the Lin
nard hotels, a transcontinental chain
of high class hostleries. In Bisbee and
the Warren district,; however, he is
representing just himself. 'As he de--clared
yesterday, "How in thunder can
a jnan pass jh tough this part of the
country, without coining to see some of
his old friends ?7 ;
Law has been in the hotel game for
long years in the southwest. At one i
time he was manager at the Gadsden, J
of Douglas, and prior to leaving roi-
A 11 cf tq 1 i o t r rt1c-t Vt wet a rnonflVAf F '
the Adams, at Phoenix.
Y. W. C. A. CAFETERIA
CLOSED BECAUSE OF
LACK OF PATRONAGE
Doods of theY. W. C. A- cafeteria
will be closed Indefinitely again to
day. This announcement was made
last night by Mrs. E. A. Crocker, chair
man of the cafeteria committee, fol
lowing a meeting of the committee
yesterday afternoon.
No definite date for the reopening
of the cafeteria can be set at this time,
according to the committee, and no
steps will be taken to reopen it until
conditions in the camp warrant. Lack
of patronage, ever rising costs and ex
penses and the fact that many of the
former boarders of the cafeteria are
absent from the city, are given as the
causes for closing.
' "We have been serving less- than
half of our former patronage," de
clared Mrs. Crocker last night. "We
have been catering to the smallest
patronage which the cafeteria has
ever known. Until we believe that
conditions are better and we will re
ceive sufficient patronage to warrant,
we will remain closed. Meantime, we
will make some provision for the girls
living in the Y. W. C. A. dormitories
and who are more or leas dependent
on the Y. W. C. A. for meals."
WEEK OF EVANGELISM
AT BAPTIST CHURCH
Pastor Evangelist Francis W. Tay
lor, who is here for the purpose of con
ducting evangelical services, is giving
a series of lectures this week at the
Baptist church. The general scope of
the lectures is included in the subject,
"The Hereafter of the Saved." There
are five lectures, as follows:
Tuesday. 10 a. in., "The Resurrec
tion and Salvation of Our Bodies."
Wednesday, 10 a. m., "God Reward
ing His Faithful People."
Thursday. 10 a., m.. "Saved as by
Fire, or. The Loss of Rewards."
Friday. 10 a. m'. "Heavenly Recogni
tion and Relationship."
All morning let:tures will continue
for one hour, closing at 11 o'clock. Dr.
Taylor will preach touight at 8 o'clock
on "A Bad Man Saved," and on to
morrow nilit ou "A Good Mau
Saved."
ground, aqd believed he had been
killed."
Mitchell, however, was shocked se
riously, and later gassed because he
was unable to move. When he was
found he was in serious condition and
was takei again to the hospital for
repairs. Here he remained week after
week, until finally he was discharged
fit again for duty and sent to the
front.
Johnson, meantime, had been trans
ferred to another regiment. Mitchell
tried to locate him. He got into touch
with friends and relatives in England
and failed to find him. And while
Mitchell was pursuing his search
Johnson was trying to find out if
Mitchell had been killed, in spite of
the fact that he had seen him struc
down, hoping that he had been only
wounded. '
So the search went on. Johnson was
discharged several moaths ago and re
turned to the Warren district Mitchell
came back, repatriated, several days
ago. Each had given up the other for
dead. Mitchell ..heard of a Johnson
here who answered the description of (
his friend. He started out to find him.
and met him on the street. Last night
and the Right before 'they sat overj
their pipes recounting their stories
and experiences.
"I wonder," said Mitchell, "if any
more of the 80,000 Americans still in
the British army waiting to be shipped'
back home will have the same expe
rience?" STREET CAR PETITION,
PAVING BIDS, BEFORE
CITY COUNCIL TONIGHT
X , ; . ' .
One of tne most, important and m-
teresting meetings of the city council
in the past several months is on the
slate for tonight, when bids for paving
of the streets of Bisbee will be re
ceived and opened, and when petition
ers will present claims to the city re
questing the extension,, of the street
car ine to the city limits at the upper
end of Tombstone canyon. The coun
cil will meet at 7:30 o'clock in the city
hall chambers.
Several contractors are in the city
preparatory to bidding on thje roads
and street paving and it is anticipated
that at least half a dozen bids will
be received. It has not yet been stated
if the bids will be awarded or not.
Several hundreds of residents of the
. city are said to have signed the peti
tions requesting the extension of the
car line. Their representatives will
attend the meeting with the intention
. of pressing their claims to the ut
' most. They have invited all interested
to attend the meeting and assist them.
TREBLE CLEF CLUB
TO MAKE DEBUT ON
WEDNESDAY EVENING
In a program of more than .ordinary
interest the Treble Clef Choral club.
Bisbee's newest musical organization,
will make its initial appearance to
morrow evening at the High School
auditorium. The club, under the' di
rection of Mrs. Charlotte Adams Gill,
lias been in rehearsals for several
month preparing for the event, and
the work gives promise of much en
joyment to the listeners.
Owing to the illness of Mr. Wil
liamson, the soloist announced -for
the program, it is doubtful if he will
be able to appear. Mrv Sam Franken
berg, pianiste, will enterpret a Chop
in group, a feature which is eager
ly anticipated by the music lovers.
The program for tomorrow evening
is as follows:
Viking Song Coleridge-Taylor.
Orpheus with His Lute Fonteyn
Manney. A Song of Spring Neidlinger.
The Year's at Ihe Spring Beach.
Intermission. '
Song of the Shepherd Lehl Rim-sky-Koraskow
(From the Fairy Op
era "Snegourochka.")
Intermission.
Fair Seville Pierne.
Ashes of Roses Woodman.
Piano group fa)" Ballad in A flat,
(b) Etude No. 5 Opus. No. 10 Mrs.
Frankenberg.
The Night Has a Thousand Eyes
Woodman.
June Rhapsody Daniels.
The members of the club are Mes
dames Sims, Jason, Mastin parks and
the MisBes Wallace, Watkins. Hail,
Lange and Barbara Watkins, sopra
nos; Mesdames Hilton. Cain, Wither
spoon and the Misses Desmond, Cain,
altos: Misses Albright,-Jack. Kernen
and Henley, contraltos. Miss Blair
Is the accompanists. The names of
Mrs. C. E. Orr and Miss Philbrook!
were omitted from a list of patrons'
announced a few days ago.
RETURN HOME
M. Mainland and faiiiily.' who have
spent the past week in Cave "Creek,
in the Chiracahua mountains, return
ed to the district yesterday.
OUTING IN MOUNTAINS
Ed Simmons and wifo end M. K.
Smith and wife, spent Sunday iu Ruck-
er .-anyou. Uoadi to the caujoa are
good, declares Mr. Simuious.
Here and there in Arizona
AVALANCHE HITS TRACKS
JEROME, June 2. Five hundred
yards of the new Verde Tunnel &
Smelter railroad track was damaged
yesterday afternoon when several
tons of slag from the United Verdo
dump cascaded over the right of way
near the site of the new depot. No
one was injured in the avalanche,
though the mammoth steam shovel
at work on the bench on the 300-foot
level was endangered, and was re
moved just in time to prevent being
HAY PRICES DROP , j
PHOENIX. June 2. Opening at'
about $20 a ton, the price of the new I
yield of alfalfa hay in the valley has '
dropped to $14 a ton. and this sud
den drop has caused a great deal of
consternation among the hay grow
ers of the Salt River basin. The
present prices for hay are the lowest
in a number of years.
WOMAN BURIED
PHOENIX, June 2. Caught in an
explosion as she was kneeling in
proyer before a religious image in
her home on Fifth street, near Jef
ferson, Felice Lopez, a Mexican
woman, was severely burned about
the face and arms Friday night. The
explosion was that of a lamp burn
ing in front of the image, and di
rectly in front of the woman.
LOCATES ASBESTOS
PHOENIX, June 2. What he con-
siders one of the most promising as-
bestos fields in the west has been
discovered in Final county in this
state by E. N. Tarlquist, of Salt Lake,
who is now in Phoenix straightening
out details of the claims. The asbes
tos claims are located in Pinal coun-
i ty. and are within two and a half
,, pf a raUroaa( accordl- t0 Mr
Tarlquist.
Mr. Tarlquist has been in this state
nine months doing assay work for the
Arizona Hercules company. His in
terest in, asbestos was aroused by
hearing that the government was urg
ing production of asbectos and the
locating of more asbestos fields.
EXAMINE OIL. BOOKS
PHOENIX, June 2. The books and
records of the Texas Globe Oil &
Gas company were taken yesterday
from the office of the president of
the company, Walthour Wolf, in the
Del Ray building, by an official of
the corporation commission, and tak -
en into the statehouso for examina-'
tion and investigation. , Officials of
the comrjany have been cited to an-
pear on June 5 and show cause why
they have jnot complied with tb in
vestment Jaws of Arizona. They are
charged with selling stock in the con
cern without a permit. "' '
NEW SIGNAL DEVICES
PHOENIX, June 2. Rear-end si
naling devices must be installed on all
enclosed motor trucks having loading
beds, beginning June 12, according
to a law passed recently by the Ari -
zona state legislature.
, - .-
-
RAILROAD AGENT LEAVES
MIAMI, June 2. J. B, Stone ' will
-. . - "
succeed J. E. Hanlin Arizona East-
ern agent at Miami. The change will
be effective: next Monday morning.
Mr. Stone comes to Miami from San
Carlos, where he has been the sta-
a fn. v. i.. u . .
1UI "l '6. Jems.
BANDITS ROB WOMAN
GLOBE. June 2.-Four daring ban- j
dits entered the home of J. A. Haynes i
of Wheatfields shortly after 12:30
o'clock this morning and at the point
of a .38 automatic forced Mrs. Haynes
to give them about 250 in cash and 1
several aVicles of jewelry. , The j
screams of the woman attracted the ,
attention of a passing stage car and
the bandits jumped into a waiting
automobile and escaped before the
stage driver had an opportunity td
learn their identity. Mrs. Haynes,
however, recognized two of the men
and deputies from the sheriff's office
are searching Miami this morning for
the suspected bandits.
SHIP MANY CATTLE
SAFFORD. June2.-iThirty-thrce
cars of cattle, consigned to Clay Rob
inson & Co., El. Paso, Texas, were
shipped Tuesday afternoon from Sol- j
omonville.
The cattle were shipped by G. A.
Bryce, John W. Maltice, W. A. Lines,
John West, Jack Farrell. Turner West, i
L. W. Samuel and the One Hundred
and Eleven ranch.
The cattle shipped were one, two
and three-year old steers in fine con
dition. Prices ranged from $37.50 to
$57.50.
SET TAX CONFERENCE
PHOENIX, June 2. The date and!
place for the annual state tax con
ference has been set by tlie tax com
mission. The conference will be held
at the Grand Canyon during the week
beginning July 21, with headquarters
at El Tovar and Bright Angel.
PIONEER SEEKS LEGACY
PHOENIX, June2. Dame rumor
lias started a story that someone in
dying bequeathed a legaey of $2200 to
old Tom Yarley, a mining man of
Klondyc. The fetory, after many
travels. h;is readied Tom, and he.
of course, is uu-ious to cither find
; t!ie money or the truth. Finding a
$2200 legacy left you by some un-
kaown friend is more like looking for,
the pot of gold buried at the foot of i
the rainbow than like anything else
in human experience, so old Tom has
had to call on his friends for help..
Housecleaning time is here and you
will need lots of clean papers under
your carpets, rugs and on shelves. !
Get them at the Review office in I
25-cent bundles. A-27 !
REDMOND SHOW
BEST STOCK CO.
EVERSEEH HERE
"Over the Garden Wall" went over
big last njght at the Grand theater,
as presented by the Ed Redmond Fol-
Ho3. Bisbee people are iust waklnsr
up to the fact that they have in their j Mr. Heard is the real "Grand Old
midst the best musical stock company Man" of the border states association,
that has ever appeared in this sec- Five or six or seven years ago, when
tion of the' southwest. This statement the- Border States organization first
is made advisedly and by one who has ! invented the Veteran's events and in
seen the best stock companies that i troduced them to the tennis playing
nave appeared in El Paso and nearby
cities, in the past ten years.
"Over the Garden Wall" is the mu-
sical comedy adaptation of a recent;
Nevi York success .and it is a spark-j
ling comedy, interspersed with the;
most enjoyame musical numbers. It
is one of Hie best bills in the extensive
Redmond reportoire, the extensive -
nes3 01 wnicn m&Y be surmised from
e Xact .the company played eight
ness of which may be surmised from
ruenrns siraigni m ii raso without
repeating a bill cr nearly exhausting
their repertoire. The writer has seen
me iteamona company present this i
particular play three times Deming.
El Paso and Douglas and it gets bet
ter every time he sees it. Unlike the
opening bill, which gave nearly every
principal in the large company a
good part, "Over the Garden Fall," is
largely a four-person cast, but what a
splendid cast it is,' with Ed Redmond, .
Bobbie Deane, Joe Kemper and Mar
vin Hammond playing the four parts.
Truly, a quartette of stars.
Comedy and Occasional Pathos
The play is based on the domestic
adventures of two married couples
who become dissatisfied with their
mates. The husbands trade wives for
a trial marriage of one week and the
fun that ensues, both before the trade
and after, is a source of constant
amusement to the spectators. The
1 rnmedv i HeiiMm.c o,i - wti,
der. The Redmond actors donf have
' to cram their moutiis with bread, slam
one another with custard nfP r,r n,.n
' low comedy jokes to get laughs. It
is refreshing to encounter a stock corn-
pany of real actors presenting real
plays, and the wonder is that man-
agers will allow the other kind of com -
panics to play their houses. People
would much rather see nicturea if thpv
1 can t see a real show.
Mr- Redmmd is a come(iian who
can do everything but sing, and there
are 80 many other eood singers in the
, company he is not missed. His man-
nerisms are distinctive and delightful,
and at times his mere, appearance on
Hi i , . . .
l"c "ues Iaugnier. ne Keeps
the audience with him all the time
T.Oct niah fV, lo J
" "" iay """"'"I'leu ni
1iff"en,t time,8 with aPP-lause for each
t fth lour la'ers mentioned, ao ex-
l cellent was their work.
I Mr. Kemper dresses, acts and sings
I like a "million-dollar kid." He has
, 0I.i011 1M o-.al.-t-- o-J
I ojuAau -VtlUl 11113 BA'lg
ing voice is a delight. Both Miss
I naano on1 Hfictn TLX m wr n A n ma
lent actresse3 and singers, and both
scored heavily in their, songs last
night.
Graceful Singer
Miss Irene Noblitt is not a Tina
paggi as a singer, but her voice is
adapted to certain style of songs and
she nuts' these over in tPt s,tm
a- nuu mios J, ACL1U JLLIMUU. OIC CALCI'
I c - - .
C71.A : .1 - ; r- .
one jb iue jjerauniLicuuon oi grace,
and her minuet song, assisted by the
classy chorus, made a big hit. Eddie
Mitchell and Peggy Bets got the most
out of small parts, and the Young
brothers. J. and E., (no, the cigar
wasn't named after them), danced
their way into the favor of the audi
ence. They have only recently finish
ed playing in big time vaudeville.
It is remarkable that such a show
as the Redmond comnanv presents
can be seen in Douglas at popular'
Prices, and
they
- - v-.-v . - a,(vcu
house every night of their short stay
here for they are presenting a new
bill every other night. Itvas a large
and much-pleased audience that left
the the-ter last night, and if anyone
doubts the word of the writer all he
has to do is to ask someone etee who
was there. Adv.
Copper Queen Hotel and agh-ciass cafe-
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
L, J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Duluth. Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
OF COCHISE
STATE SAYS
LEAD
B.
Declares Other Counties Will
Have Hard Time Trying
To Catch Up
"The roads of this county are a rev
j elation good to see," declared Dwight
ts. Heard oi rnoenix on ms arrival
yesterday noon in the Warren district
frcm Douglas. Mr. Heard is the owner
of the Arizona Republican of Phoenix
and is heavily interested in lands and
cattle in the Salt River valley. He
passed through the district en route
home from Douglas, where he had
been attending the Border States
Tennis tournament, of which he was
. elected president.
public, Mr. Heard was one of the rirst
entrants in this division. Until then
he had been playing in the free-for-
alls, pitting himself against the yeuth
(and vim of the entire district.
His enthusiasm, his ginger, his pep
and earnest endeavor for the associa
tion assured the success of the vet-
1 eran events. In the next card of the
association the same events were in
cluded. He aeain ' pntftrpd and nlared
, his vhole spirit into the matches,
i .A tj3 ume toey played in El Paso, and
the veteran from Phoenix was brand-
ed by jnewspapermen of El Paso at-,
tending the tourney the "Grand Old
Man" of the border states association.
, "The tournament was good, but
your roads are better," declared the
isito:. "You have set the pace for
the remainder of the state in the man
ner in which you are constructing
highways. When your road from
Douglas to Bisbee has been completed
it will be the best highway in the
entire state for its length. Other
counties will strive for a long time
before finally they catch up to your
county.
"We are getting under way up in
Maricopa and will have a good roads
program working soon," Heard con
tinued. "We have just voted $4,000,000
for highway construction. Within two
i weeks, probably, we will have gangs
! at WOrk 0n "r "eW roads" When ve
fmish We wU1 have cl0se to 88 ed
, roaas as you nave down nere.
Mr. Heard was in hi3 motor car. En
route home he inspected the highway
' between this city and Tombstone and
the uew llnk 10 nii0a-
1 " 1
'vQCDUl PC MEM ACIfEIl
uLlll lUL ltlL.ll HuiYLlJ
TO ATTEND MEETING
All soldiers, sailors and marines of
the Warren district are urged to at
tend the meeting tonight of former
service men of the district, to be held
at the Y. M. C. A. at 8 o'clock. Mat-
I . I . .
ters or importance in regard to the
, Juij. 4 celebration will be discussed,
; Soldier, have a large part in
the program and will be the guests of
honor for mo6t of the events of the
a ' day, according to plans being worked
out. They will receive their joint re
ception back to the district at this
time by the entire population, and
plans are now on foot to give them
an opportunity to meet and see every
one in the district. These and other
plans will be discussed at this even
ing's meeting.
High School Auditorium
Wed., June 4th, 8:15 P. M.
TREBLE CLEF CHORAL
CLUB
Charlotte Adams Gill, Director
Assisted by Mrs. Frankenberg,
Pianiste; Mr. Williamson, Tenor
Admission 50c B e n e f i t
Y. W. C. A.
Gymnasium Fund
Tickets at Y. W. C. A.
ROADS
DVGHT
HEARD THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1919
PAGE FIVE
GIANTS ADD THREE TO LEAGUE LEAD;
MRS WE CLAW THE WHITE SOX
National League
GIANTS TAKE TWO MORE
NEW YORK, June 2. New York
overcame Philadelphia's lead In both
games and von. Regan pitching his
first game for the Giants, steadied af
ter the early Innings of the first con
test. Philadelphia scored six runs in
the opening of the Becond game, but
New York overcame this in the eighth.
Manager Coombs of Philadelphia was
put out of the second game by Umpire
Byron for protesting decisons. Score:
First game: R. H. H. E.
Phladelpha 120 001 0004 7 2
New York 000 320 02x 7 12 4
Batteres Packard and Cady; Ra
gan and McCarty.
Second game: It- H. .E.
Phladelpha 600 001 0007 11 2
New York 200 101 05x 9 11 0
Batteres Hogg, Jacobs and Cady;
Causey, Dubuc, Perritt, Winters and
Gonsales.
Summary Two base hits, Cady,
Burns, 2, Chase; home runs, Kauff,
Williams; stolen bases. Burns 2, Mc
Carty, young, Cravath 2; sacrifice fly
Young, Barnes; double play. Young,
Chase, Fletcher and Young; Fletcher,
Doyle and Chase; bases on balls, off
Causey 2, Dubuc 2, Wnters 1, Hogg
4; innings pitched. Causey 1-3; Dubuc
6 2-3; Perritt 1, Winters 1; Hogg 71-3,
Jacobs 2-3; struck out', Dubuc 2. Hogg
1; wild pitch, Hogg, Jacobs.
REDS COME FROM BEHIND
ST. LOUIS, June 2. Cincinnati ral
lied in the eighth, forced Meadows' re
tirement and drove May, who reliev
ed him, from the box, making runs
enough, to beat St. Louis. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 001 010 0417 14 2
St. Louis .002 020 000 I 9 2
Batteries Eller, Bressler and Win
go; Meadows, May, Ames and Dilhoe
fer, Snyder.
Summary Stolen bases, Dilhoefer,
Roush, Kopf, Cueto, Groh, Neale, El
ler; sacrifice hits, Neale, Miller; sac
rifice fly, Groh, Wingo. double plays,
Stock and Lavan;; ; Cueto and Dau
bert, Lavan and Dilhoefer and Horns
by; bases on balls, off Eller 2; ; Bress
ler 1;, Meadows 2, Ames 1; innings
pitched, Eller 41-3, Meadows 71-3;
May 9; one out in eighth; struck. out,
Eller 1, Bressler 1, Ames 2; wild pitch
Bressler.
BRAVES AND DODGERS SPLIT
BOSTON, June 2. ' Boston and
Brooklyn divided a double header,
Biroklyn winning the first. Grimes
and Herzog were put out of the game
for protesting a decision at first base.
Scores:
First game: R. H. E.
Erooklyn 020 010 0003 9 1
Boston ..00O 000 010J1 7 4
Batteries Grimes, Cadore. and
Wheat; Demaree, Fillingim and Wil
son. Second game: R.H. E.
Brooklyn 000 100 0001 9 1
Boston 200 100 02x 5 9 0
Batteries Cheney. Mitchell ;and
Miller;; Northrop and Wilsop.
CUBS TWICE BEAT PIRATES
CHICAGO, June 2. Chicago won
both games of a double header from
Pittsburg, being forced to go twelve
innings in the last contest. Lear's
home run in the first game with two
men on bases practically cinched the
first game for the locals. The seconr
game was a pitching duel between
Cooper and Douglas. Scores:
First game: R. H. E.
Pittsburg .000 000 0000 9 2
Chicago 300 002 02x 7 8
Batteries Mayer and Lee; Alexan
der and Killefer.
Second game: R. H. E.
Pittsburg 000 000 010 0001 6 1
Chicago 010 000 000 0012 6 4
Batteries Cooper . and Blackwell;
Douglas and O'Farrell.
American League
YANKS TWICE BEAT MACKS
PHILADELPHIA. June 2. New
York defeated Philadelphia twice. In
the first game Shawkey was too clever
for the Athletics and had little diffi
culty in shutting them out Ragged
fielding by the Philadelphians helped
build up New York's total. Bodie's
batting featured . the second game.
The scores:
First game: R. H. E.
New York 030 000 1127 9 1
Philadelphia 000 000 0000 4 5
Batteries Shawkey and Hannah ;
Seibold, Naylor and Perkins.
Second game: R. H. E.
New York OL'O 100 13110 9 1
Philadelphia ...001 101 200 5 10 4
Batteries Thormahlen. Nelson and
RUel; Rogers, Kinney and McAvoy.
INDIANS DEFEATS BROWNS
CLEVELAND. June 2. Cleveland
knocked Davenport from the box and
defeated St. Louis. Cleveland made a
triple play in the fourth inning. Three
double playH held Cleveland's score
down. In the eighth inning. Wright
passed O'Neill purposely, then Uhle
tripled, driving in two runs. Score:
R. II. E.
St. Louis . not) 10 0003 9 1
Cleveland 010 030 (C'x tt 13 5
Batteries Davcuport. Wright aud
Suvertid; Covelotkie, Ulilo and O'Neil.
Summary Two base hits. Austin,
Johnston; three base hits, Wood,
Uhle; stolen bases. Chapman, Wambs
ganss; sacrifice hit. Bronkie; savrifice
flies, Gerber, Gardner; double plays,
Davenport, Severeid, Sisler, Gerber,
Sisler; Bronkie, Sisler; triple play,
Wood, Chapman. Gardner. Wambs
ganss, Gardner, Wambganss ; bases on
balls, off Davenport, 2; Wright, 2;
Uhle 3; innings pitched, Davenport
5; Wright 3; Coveleskie 4; Uhle, 5;
struck out, Coveleskie X; Uhle, 3.
SENATORS HUMBLE CHAMPS
WASHINGTON. June 2. Washing
ton (defeated Boston in the opening
game of the series. Shaw held the
visitors to three scattered singles
while the locals bunched hits off
Mays, four of which were for extra
baseg. Score: R. H. E.
Boston 000 000 0000 3 0
Washington 000 201 Olx 4 7 2
Batteries Mays and Schang; Shaw
and Pickinich.
TIGERS CLAW LEADERS
DETROIT, June 2 Detroit took
both games from Chicago by oppor
tune batting and better pitching.
Veach's batting featured both con
tests, the veteran outfielder scoring
the winning run in the first game
with his home run inthe sixth. Stan
age and Plagstead hit home runs in
the second game. Scores:
First game: R. H. E.
Chicago 000 101 1003 8 2
Detroit 000 201 lOx 5 6 4
Batteries Faber, Shellenbach and
Schalk; Ehmke and Ainsmith.
Second game: -, R. H. E.
Chicago ...000 000 0101 6 0
Detroit ...001 000 lOx 2 5 3
Batteries Williams, Cicotte and
Lynn; Boland and Stanage.
Summary Two base hits, Liebold,
Weaier; three base hits, Veach 2;
home runs, Stanage, Flagstead; sac
rifice hit, J. Collins; double play.
Bush, Young; bases on balls .off Wil
liams 2. Boland 4; Innings pitched,
Williams 7; struck out by Williams 3.
Pacific Coast League
Portland, 10; Seattle, 3
Portland 10 14 1
Seattle 3 9 2
Batteries Lukanovic and Baker;
Falkenberg. Mails and Cook, Schulz.
WESTERN LEAGUE
Wichita, 0; Tulsa, 2.
St. Joseph-Sioux City, wet grounds.
Oklahoma City- Joplin wet grounds.
Des Moines-Omaha, fain.
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION
No games scheduled.
SOUTHERN ASSOCIATION
Nashville, 0; Chattanooga. 3.
Other games, postponed, rain.
SUNDAY RESULTS
AMERICAN LEAGUE
At Detroit Detroit, 5; St. Louis, 4.
At Washington Washington, 5;
New York, 2.
At Chicago Chicago, S; Cleveland,
5.
NATIONAL LEAGUE
At Brooklyn Brooklyn, 9; Philadel
phia. .10. (18 innings.)
At New York New York, 2; Boston,
1.
At St, Ijuis St. Louis, ,1; Chicago,
3.
At Cincinnati Cincinnati, 3-10;
Pittsburg, 4-2.
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE
Oakland, 5-7; Sin Francisco, 13-6.
Los Angeles, 5-12; Vernon, 4-4.
Salt Lake, 6-4; Sacramento, 7-5.
" WESTERN-LEAGUE
Des Moines, O; Omaha, 1.
St. Joseph, 2; Sioux CHy. 3.
Others postponed.
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION
Indianapolis. 7-1; Louisville, 2-2.
Columbus, 3; Toledo. 2.
Minneapolis. 0; St. Paul, 2.
Milwaukee, 14; Kansas City, 3.
SOUTHERN ASSOCIATION
Memphis, 8-4; New Orleans, 5-3.
Mobile. 1; Little Rock 4.
Chattanooga, 1-5; Nashville, 6-4.
NATIONAL LEAGUE
STANDING OF THE TEAMS
Clubs Won. Lost. Pet.
New York 24 9 .727
Cincinnati 2i 14 .600
Brooklyn 18 15 .545
Chicago 18 16 .59
Philadelphia ........ U 16 .467
Pittsburg 16 20 M44
Boston 11 19 (.367
St. Louis 10 23 .303
AMERICAN LEAGUE
STANDING, OF THE TEAMS
Clubs .' Won. Lost.
Chicago 24 10
New oYrk 18 11
Cleveland 19 13
Detroit 17 16
St. Louis 15 15
Boston 12 16
Washington 10 '-'0
Philadelphia ti 23
Pet
.716
.61' 1
.594
.515
.500
AM
UUt)
.214
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE
STANDING OF THE TEAMS
Clubs Won. Lost. Pet.
Los Angeles 37 19 .661
San Francisco 32 25 .561
Oakland , 28 24 .538
Salt Lake 26 24 .520
Vernon 26 25 .510
Sacramento ... 24 27 .471
Seattle 17 31 .354
Portland 17 32 .347
READ REVIEW WANT ADS
EVERY DAY THEY PAY.
"ACE HIGH" AND
SUNSHINE COMEDY
DOUBLE BILL AT
EAGLE TODAY
In response to numerous requests
the Eagle theater management have
obtained return showing of Tom Mix's
big success, "Ace High." All those
who failed to see this exceptional pic
ture on its recent appearance should
avail themselves of this opportunity
to see it at the Eagle today only.
There is much real humor and action
in "Ace High." In one scene the
boundary line between the United
States and Canada is shown. It is
indicated by a ridge of white pebbles.
The law-evading owner of this place
has a bar that can be wheeled from
one country to the other. When the
American sheriff appears, it is taken
over to the Canadian side. . When the
mounted police arrive in Canada, it is
pushed back into the United States.
When this scene was in the making,
actors and all concerned got a good
laugh out of it. When such folk
laugh, it surely ought to be to laugh,
in its effect on the public.
On the same program with Tom Mix
a Sunshine Comedy entitled "The
House of Terrible Scandals," will be
shown. This is a comedy that is really
funny and completes an exceptional
bill. 1 Adv.
I N THE DISTRICT COURT OF TH E
United States for the District of
Arizona.
IN BANKRUPTCY No. B-37
(Tucson)
In the matter of Barney Bono,
bankrupt.
To the creditors of Barney Bono of
Gleeson, in the County of Cochise, and
District aforesaid, a Bankrupt, -
Notice is hereby given that on the
29th day of May, 1919, the said Barney
Bono was duly adjudicated a Bank
rupt; and that the first meeting of his
creditors will be held at the office of
the undersigned. Room 4, Old Post
office Building, in the City of Tucson,
on the 14th day of June, 1919, at 2
o'clock in the afternoon,' at whicn
time the said creditors may attend,
prove their claims, appoint a Trustee,
examine the Bankrupt, and transact
such other business as may properly
come before said meeting.
Dated at Tucson, Arizona, this 31st
day of May, 1919.
F. H. BERNARD,
Jn-3 Referee in Bankruptcy.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF CO
ehise County, State of Arizona.
NOTICE OF HEARING PETITION
In the matter of the Estate of Finis
E. Braly, deceased.
Notice is hereby given that Nancy
Braly has filed In this Court a cer
tain document purporting to he the
last Will and Testament of Finis E.
Braly together with his petition pray
ing that said document be admitted
to probate in this Court as the last
Will and Testament of said Finis E.
Braly who, said petitioner alleges, is
deceased, and that letters testamen
tary issue thereon to said petitioner.
and that same will he heard on Satur
day the 7th day of June, A. D., 1919,
at 10 o'clock in the forenoon of said
day, at the court room of said Court
in the Court House, in the City of
Tombstone, County of Cochise. State
of Arizona, and all persons interested
in said estate are notified then and
there to appear and show cause, if
any they have, why the prayer of said
petitioner should not be granted.
J. E. JAMES,
By JOS. A. IVEY. . Clerk.
Deputy Clerk.
Pated May 21, 1919.
JN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE
State of Arizona, in and for the
County of Cochise.
CITATION
In the matter of the Estate of Matt
Slautz, Deceased.
To A F. Borrego, administrator of
the estate of Matt Slautz, deceased;
Alice B. Brown, the person who claims
an interest in the estate of said deced
ent, and John Doe, Jane Doe, Mary
Roe and Richard Roe, whose true
names are unknown, and who arf
therefore mentioned by fictitioui
names:
Alice B. Brown, having on the 14th
Watch the Little
They are
Unsightly and Disfiguring Sig
nals of Bad Blood. '
- . j
, Pimples.' on the face and other
parts of the body arc warnings
from Nature that your blood is
sluggish and impoverished. Some
times they foretell eczema, boils,
blisters, and other skin disorders
that burn like flames of fire.
They mean that your blood needs
S. S. S. to purify it and cleanse it
of these impure accumulations that
jday of May, 1919, filed in this Court
I a petition praying that this Court
I ascertain and declare the rights of all
I persons interested in the above named
j estate, and to whom distribution
1 should be made;
j You are hereby required to appear
! before this Court on the 26th day of
1 July, 1919, and set forth the nature and
I extent of your respective .claims in
and to the property of the estate of
said decedent, the same being person
al property.
Witness, the Hon. Alfred C. Lock
wood, Judge of the Superior Court,
Tombstone, Cochise County, Arizqna,
this 15th day of May, 1919.
Attest: J. E. JAMES,
(Seal) Clerk of the Superior Court.
ORDER DIRECTING SALE OF
Street Improvement Bonds of the
City of Bisbee, State of Arizona, and
Notice That Sealed Proposals Will
be Received by Said City of Bisbee
for the Purchase of Said Bonds.
It is ordered that the 1919 Street
Improvement Bonds of the City of Bis-
J bee, State of Arizona, the issuance of
which was directed and authorized by
the duly qualified electors of said City,
being property taxpayers therein, at
the election held in said City on the
24th day of March, 1919, be and the
same are hereby directed to be sold;
that such sale be made on the 28th
day of June, 1919. at the hour of 4:30
o'clock, P. M., at the Council Chamber,
of the Common Council, in the City
Hall of said City; that .a copy of this
order be published for at least four
(4) consecutive - weeks before said
sale? in the following newspaper pub
lished in the said City of Bisbee. State
of Arizona, in the Bisbee Daily Re
view, hereby designated by this body
for such purpose that notice shall be,
and is hereby given that sealed pro
posals will be received by the Com
mon Council of said City of Bisbee, to
be filed with the City Clerk of said
City, for the purchase of said bonds,
on the date and hour named. -
It is further ordered that a meeting
of the Common Council of the City of
Bisbee be held, ana it is hereby called
to be held at said place, date and hour,
for the purpose of receiving and open
ing said bids, and to act thereon, at
which meeting such sealed proposals
will be opened, and there will be
awarded the purchase of said bonds
to the highest and best responsible
bidder, or bidders therefor; provided
that none of said bonds shall be sold
for a less amount man par, and ac
crued interest All bids or proposals
received for the purchase of said
bonds shall be accompanied by a cer
tified check, for a sum of not less
than five (5) per cent of the total
amount ofsuch bid, and the Common
Council of the City of Bisbee shall
have the right to reject any, or all
bids ; and all sucIl certified checks ac
companying bids which are not accept
ed, and which., are rejected, shall be
returned to the party tendering same.
The certified check so deposited by
the successful bidder shall be retaineu
AS YOUNG AS
YOUR KIDNEYS
The sfcret of youth is ELIMINA
TION OF POISONS from your body.
Tbis done, you can live to be a hundred
and enjoy the good things of life with
as much "pep" as you did when in the
springtime of youth. Keep your body
in pood condition, thaf s the secret.
Watch the kidneys. They filter and
purify the blood, all of which blood
passes through them once every threa
minutes. Keep them clean and in
proper working condition and you have
nothing to fear. Drive the poisonous
wastes and deadly nric acid accutuuln
tions from your erstem. Take JOLD
MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules and yoo
trill always be in, good condition. iou
viM feci strong and vigorous, with
steady nerves and elastic muscles.
GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules
are imported direct from the labora
tories at Haarlem, Holland.
They are a reliable remedy which
has been used by the 6turdy Dutch for
over 200 years, and hes helped them
to develop into one of the strongest
and heartbiest races of the world. Get
them from your druggist Do sot take
"a substitute. Ia sealed packages
tree sizes.
BRETHERTON
JEROME and
OATMAN STOCKS
Sales Agents
SOUTHWESTERN OIL
DEVELOPMENT CO.
Jack Bldg.' Main St.
Phone 26. Box 1129
Pimples;
Nature s Warning
can cause unlimited trouble. This
rfcmedi: isi-the greatest vegetable
blood purifier known, and contains
no minerals or chemicals to injure
the most delicate skin.
Go to your drug store, and get a
bottle of S. S. S. today, get rid of
those unsightly, disfiguring pim
ples, and other skin irritations. It
will cleanse your blood thorough
ly. For special nredical advice free,
address Medical Director, 41 Swift
Laboratory, AtUutj, Li a.
by this Council and shall be forfeited
in the event that such bidder shall not
carry out the terms of the contract
herein provided to be entered into,
provided, however, that such forfeit
ure shall not be deemed or taken as
stipulated or liquidated damages for
a breach of said contract, and shall
hot prevent the said Common Council
from recovering damages under such
contract for the benefit of the said
City of Bisbee.
Bidders shall be and are hereby no
tified that the amount of Interest said
bonds shall bear Is five and one-half
(5) per cent per annum.
Said -bonds are in the aggregate
amount of Two Hundred Thousand
Dollars ($200,000.00), and the issue
consists of Two Hundred (200)' bonds,
numbered from one (1) to two hun
dred (200- both inclusive, in the de
nomination of One Thousand Dollars
($1,000.00- each, which said bonds
shall be dated and issued on the 15th
day of May, 1919, and shall become
due and payable as follows, to-wit:
Bonds numbered serially from one
(1) to ten (10), both inclusive, on or
before the 15th day of May, 1920, and
a like amount, according to serial
number, due on the 15th day of May
of each year thereafter following, un
til all of said bonds shall have been
paid; both principal and interest of
said bonds being payable In gold coin
of the United States of America, of or
equal to the present standard of
weight and fineness, and bearing in
terest at the rate of five and one-half
(5) per centum per annum, pay
able In like medium semi-annually on
MONOGRAM OIL CO.
Holdings in Duke and Burk
burnett Fields 7
Ten Acres in Block 63,
Burkburnett ) where 5500
bbl. was struck by . Jarrell
No. 1 last Friday.
Stocks on Sale Today
M. C HIGH, Allen Block
AV SS i fipa '
V J
LA Wheat straw tKe lightest, tkin
nest, finest, strongest cigarette paper in all
tKe world. Roll a Tuxedo cigarette with
LA CROIX papers.
the 15th day of May, ana the 15th day
of November of each year; both prin
cipal and interest payable at the office
of the City Treasurer of the City of
Bisbee, County of Cochise, State of
Arizona, or at the Hanover National
Bank, of the City and State of New
York, at the option of the holder.
Said bonds shall be signed by the
Mayor of said City of Bisbee, and at
tested by the Clerk of said City, with
the Corporate Seal of the said City
affixed thereto, and the annexed inter
est coupons shall be executed by the
lithographed fac-simile signatures of
said Mayor and City Clerk; provided,
however, that it shall not be necessary
to impress upon any such coupon the
Seal hereinbefore mentioned.
I X.l.UdB til C UUllllCU ivs auuicos t
communications, and to send all bids
77 OIL
Incorporated under the laws of Arizona. Arizona Corporation Commis
sion permit No. 144Z.
200.000 SHARES, $1.00 PER SHARE.
ACQUIRING ADDITIONAL HOLDINGS. DRILLING NOW IN BLOCK 55.
Burkburnett District (see official map). Total holdings 608 acres in
proven territory in Hamilton County and Burkburnett field.
Backed by Arizona people who are accounting for every cent expended.
No promotion stock.
j L. J. Overlock, Broker, and Collins & Bretherton. Bisbee, and Judge
I J. L. Winters, of Lowell, will show maps and give you any information
I also A. R. Malone at Copper Queen Hotel.
I Main Office: MIAMI, ARIZONA P. O. BOX 1085
All checks payable 77 Oil Company
RED'S AUTO LAUNDRY
Cars Washed and Polished
Grease cups filled and- anything necessary for upkeep
of car. Cars called for and returned at your con-,
venience.
I Employ Experienced Washers and Guarantee Work
RED GANNON, Proprietor
Phone 880 Johnson Addition
The Perfect Tobacco for
Have You Tried Tuxedo in the Neu
"TEA-FOIL" PACKAGE?
It' soft and
tw tnhacco
cake in the
out with
to "City of Bisbee, care of the City
Clerk," and are notified to mark plain
ly on the outside of the envelope con
taining any bid "Proposal for the pur
chase of City of Bisbee 1919 Street
Improvement Bonds."
COMMON COUNCIL OP THE CITY
OP BISBEE,
. . By JACOB ERICKSON, -Attest
M. L. BUTLER, Mayor.
City Clerk.
XfEURALGIA
or Headache
Rub the forehead
and temples with
ICtfS VAPfmi
'YOUR BODYGUARD" -30. 60C
.20
COMPANY
50,000 SHARES SET ASIDE FOR
a '
Pipe and. Cigarette
Finest. Burley Tobacco
Mellow-aged till perfect
plus a dash of Chocolate
"YourNoseKnows
pliable decreae in size Vs
is used tobacco docs not
Iocs not
th.
package no digging
the fmsrer. Keeps
tobacco in even better condi- Jy
tion than tin. Now, don't you JyF ,
owe it to yourself to buy a
package and giveTuxedo J
a trial? Not quite as ' .
much tobacco as in
thetinf6uf
-also packed in the
famous green tins
as heretofore.
TT 8
SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1919
TOE
swag
A
TONIC
0
A
s In JBtsbee
Flaxolyn Is Wonderful
lot nervousness
for indigestion
for stomach trouble
for constipation
for kidney complaints
for torpid, liver
for backache
for nervovs headache
for gall stones
for diarrhoea
for painter's colic
for tired feeling
for general run down
condition
Dc H. K. Imuta, tha wll
k&ovm aiaatian pkyBlciaa.
pent M ya&ra developing
lbs Jlaxolvn formula. H
b-rok. his health down. Wu
triokea wttfc Bervoos col
lapse. Hia own : ramedr,
Flaxelyn, cored Mm. Thla
la oae of the rare caaea
wbara a Aaeter took his ova
There ara 80 Flaxolyn
powders in a package. Take
one powder in a wine glass
of water 30 minutes before
each meaL . Stir slight?
until dissolved. You will
feel like a new person in a
few days. . - " '
la
A great herbal preparation in conven
ient powder form. Contains not an
iota of anything injurious no alcohol,
no narcotic, no iron.
after-effects are; to " be fearecu
Take Flaxolyn to your family doc-'
tor. Show him the guaranteed in
gredients. Ask his opinion, flaxolyn
rests its case in his hands.
"Then, if you care to, take it to a
chemist and have it analyzed. He
will tell you that Flaxolyn 4s pure and
will verify the formula. He will tell
you, too, that it is free from anything'
injurious. It contains absolutely no
alcohol, no iron, no narcotic.
Alcohol and narcotics Stimulate.
Yen may feel better temporarily.
But there is a " let-down." The
Haxolyn is a real vegetable prep
aration. It helps. It brings relief.
Its effect is amazing. The first dose
brings improvement. A box is usually
sufficient for complete recovery, unless
your case is an obstinate one.
As a spring tonic, Flaxolyn is in
comparable. It relieves all disorders
of the nervous system. Is splendid
for constipation,' indigestion, stomach
trouble, liver and kidney complaints,
backache and a general run-down
condition.
Now Read What Those Who Have Taken
Flaxolyn Say
' Th third or loarth day after I
began Flaxorjn, 117 aousin from
Dixoa, IBiaeia, wVi visiting ma,
tcmartad ham any alcfat waa clear
bog and aajr eoUr aaaiing back.
I am mj aecond box of Flax
Wyn mad 97 nerves arc improving
tteatfDv. I sleep so much better
and vU I waka up through tha
night I t&m't Urn awake and fret
like t Bead to, but r right back
to sleep again. MRS. CHARLES
BURRfLL, Brewer, Ma
1 am on my third bx new and I
tieartily join with the many others
bere who have pohlidy praised
Flaxolyn. I haven't felt a well
m years. My appetite eoold set
be better, nor my steep aoondar
and I have no palas er distress
after meals.
My daughter-in-law speaks often
ef the remarkable change in me
and save: "Isn't it just nnel Any
ne snjlerisg is foolish not to try
flaxolyn wixboot an Instant's de
lay." MRS. LOUISA CAMP
EKLXs Baagor. Me.
Used eae bee: aad found it h!gh
ly beewfieaal esd unlike ordinary
hmAm-Ut bette
JOSEPH W. MILLER,
D Cealre, Ca.
Tear aaedidsa few berped dm.
Have banded ssm to a- friend.
Only wish thai s ton knew of
it aad tow math fieod it does.
1 wir-h rv and yours beavea
after doam. What eeold I wish
yo wore?
MRS. CLARA McNAENET.
, FelUCoo. Micb.
1 I. I1 ni-l'r'yptgT.y IHIIMW i 1 1 inn 1,11 l. mmu "'mmmmlJ,m u.H I I li'WH ill.mil ''t
1 - ,w-Jrf... .'. iMt-, , , 1 1 - 1 11 ,1) - 1 i r
Flaxolyn
sweetens thestomacH
-aids digestion
- creates appetite
-cleanses the kidneys
tones the nerves
removes poisons from
the digestive organs
regulates the bowels
simply makes over a
tired, worried, over
11. 1
worked, run-down
man or woman
-assists nature in build
ing, you up an
keeping you well
What Flaxolyn contains and why
it is so astonishingly effective
1 Baked Flaxseed meal relaxes con
gestion and acts as an astringent.
2 Vegetable Chareoal Sweetens the
stomach and aids digestion.
3 -Juniper Berries Clean and stimulate
kidneys and bladder.
4rAfrican Ginger Roots Quicken the
flow of digestive juices.
5 Dandelion Roots Purify liver and
blood.
6 Cardamom Seeds Cleansing tonic
for stomach.
7 Chinese Rhubarb Invigorates stom
ach and liver.
8 Spanish Licorice Roots Remove
poisonous mucus from digestive or
gans. 9 Culver Roots Stimulate flow ef bile.
10 Gentian Roots Create appetite.
JUL Greek Valerian Roots Tone up
nerves.
12 California Bark Laxative.
Sold by the following, druggists
Sold for the past live years almost en
tirely through physicians, 20 years
were spenjt developing the formula.
lace a little bit of Flaxolyn in yodr
hand. Touch your tongue to it.
You will taste several familiar in-'
gredients. . There is the' old accus
tomed taste of flaxseed. You detect
dandelion roots. You probably can
distinguish licorice root and juniper '.
berries.
But there is no taste finely enough
trained to discover all tie ingredients
of Flaxolyn. For there are twelve of
them4-some inxsrted andrara.
The Haxolyn&annlaisisota secret
formula. We print it here bo that
you may know ho wonderful tha
preparation is and why it brings yoti
back so quickly from the vreak and
run-down condition so prevalent al
this time of year. 1 . -
Physicians buy, fall and praisi
Flaxolyn. Every clay, in the Flaxolyn
offices, many orders from physicians
are received. They come from Seattle,
San Diego. Sioux City, Syracuse
from every state in the Trains and
'almc from ecryta-ci the jnap.
And, hi a great xssrycTfhe
lopea, tacked in tdJh tha j&jsScaab
order; g aaurrrfiritcd LlU: rtslg
Head Wliat Pij-sid:
CI5ieso-letters -ccre-cU
ttleat ec th mertta oi vour tia
elva. Is kas feeaa diKicAflx cad
H oamapouuj t your tiaii
1 hr tai two oock in:
uyaf aad aoat af our tn4wit
of th CtkOasa f Matttcte and
Svgvjj bar 1 takaa it cad
they say ik ia tha nort Mnnal
laxatiya tltat rsodieai aetata on
mrBdL-WkL r, SCIUJatfi.
M. Jx, Fiaxaaaor 1 Snwv tm
t& cbiaago CoOege
Sae8yv
I feme tstehp ham tyrysn
Cf ft
Batter
ny ust order f
of ayaabesta
I find k
ffM bate taASnx th pa-
froa tha ayrdHaa. D bains bdttt
tbtb
ftMtM-a a? tdM aJ
f?". . t,rtoor
.vr an4
U la eartaialy a Estorftl ioo
Fratornafly-yjTO ,
fe. CUSX N. fc,MD.1
i; ij. :'.v nJt.
ntn H f ii an i nf ia i i i
rei8t tie V-W tS
s5aSs,M8,o,
isbee Drai
BISBEE
Co.
J. MoiBal!
BISBEE
Cmtiral
Phairmacy
BISBEE
Lowell Drag Co,
LOWELL
Drai
WARREN
Co. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, JUNE 3, T9T9
SEVEH
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head are at the rate of 1 cent per word for
each Insertion, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. No ads will be
seived later than 7 p. m. for insertion the next morning and no ads
will be taken over the telephone.
For Sale
FOR SALE Chevrolet car for sale
cheap, good as new. Leaving town.
Terms. B-20, Review. Jn-14
FOR SALE Piano, first class condi
tion, terms. Leaving town. G-100,
Review. In-5
FOR SALE Bargain at $2200, attrac
tive five-room house with screened
porch, located in Warren. Large lot,
thrifty shrubbery, garage. Mrs. Geo.
S. Gage, Phone Green 367. Jn-5
FOR SALE Three-room house and
furniture. 171 Opera Drive. Jn-10
FOR S VLE Furnished house, rented,
paying 40 per cent interest; small
payment, rent pays rest. Leaving,
will sacrifice. P. O. Box 1339. Jn-3
FOR SALE Modern bungalow com
pletely furnished in first class con
dition. Apply for further particulars
grocery store, Metz car stop. Jn-5
FOR SALE Five-room house nicely
furnished, in Warren. Terms can
he arranged. Address Box 1189,
Bisbee. ' . Jn-3
FOR SALE Oak buffet, graphophone, '
two sanitary couches, sewing ma
chine, all new. Phone 748. Jn-i !
l
FOR SALE Modern five-room bouse.
close in. Cash or terms. 28 Tank
. hill. Phone 819. Jn-7 j
FOR SALE Pidgeons, 15 pairs. Car-'
neaux. Phone Black 682. Jn-6
FOR SALE Ford speedster. Will sac
rifice price. In good condition. Ari
zona Motor company. Jn-4;
FOR SALE Two tracts of land near J
Hereford containing 320 and 160 ,
acres, good drilled well on each, 100
head of dairy stock including 20
milk cows, young heifers and calves.
Dairy outfit. R. S. Jackson, Ft.
Huachuca, Ariz. Jn-3
FOR SALE White sewing machine,
drop head, $25. Flat Iron building,
Black Knob View, Warren. . Jn-1
FOR SALE Choice lot on Clawsoa
hill, suitable for apartment house, j
Bruce Perley, Copper Queen hotel I
. building. Jn-1.
FOR SALE Ice box, cost $46, for $30;
cooking stove, cost $35, for $20.
Fred Bose, 205-B Jones hill. Jn-8
FOR SALE Cole "8." Chubby auto
; mobile, driven only 5300 miles, in
' first class condition. A bargain for
"cash. Phone 231, or call on Mrs.
W. W. Watkins. Jn-8
FOR SALE Furniture of four-room
house, next door to Jas. Gannon,
Tombstone canyon. Jn-6
FOR SALE Nine-room house com-1
pletely furnished in Bisbee. Terms
, can be arranged. Address Box 1189,
Bisbee. , jn-3
FOR SALE Furniture of seven-room
apartment house, $150. Can rent
building for $20 monthly. 114 Opera
Drive. jn-i
FOR SALE Fifteen-room house, $250
down, balance same as rent. Call
162 Temby avenue. Jn-5
FOR SALE Four-room house with
big screen porch, gas, lights, water,
100 Warren hill, $1000 cash. Jn-4
FOR SALE House and furniture,
largo lot and treeB. 33 Jiggerville.
' Jn-4
FOR SALE Ranch with two-room
house, gas engine, pump, well, 114
fruit trees, 17 grape vines. For in
formation inquire Roberson ranch, 1
mile from top of Divide, - opposite
Davis ranch. Jn-8
TOR SALE Ford touring car, 1918
model, A-l condition. Owner must
selL Price $375. Terms, gee Ford
agency, Johnson addition. M-22-tf
FOR SALE Watches and diamonds
left in pawn at second hand prices.
Liberty bonds and war stamDs cas?i-
A. Reliable house, United Loan !
Jewelry company, Brewery Gulch.
A-5-tf
FOR SALE Large quantities of clean
unDrinted. m-hlta ne wa minor ram-
nants, suitable for wrapping, lin-l
ing under carpets, rugs, and many I
mer purposes, call Bisbee Daily
Review, phone S9. M-20-tf
Spring clear, ing time is nere. Line"
the shelves and boxes with paper.
They can be had lor 25c a bundle at
The Review office.
Miscellaneous
CORSETS Tailor made rorsets. guut
antecd. Phone Black 279. 83 Main
street. . Jn-5
WHEN IN TOMBSTONE Stop at the
Cottage hotel. Clean, cool and
plcasaut rooms. Mrs. L. A. Engle,
proprieties. Jn-20
CORSETS Tailor made corsets, guar
anteed. Phone Black 279. Jn-5
' WRITE TO 'Y. Mi C. A. School. Los
Angeles," about 'Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Traill for service. VM ,
REVIEW WANT AD3
BRINQ RESULTS
For Rent
FOR RENT Modern three-room
house with screen porch, at end of
car line, Tombstone canyon. Call
at Stevens' Electric Shop. Phone
523. M-21-tf
FOR RENT Two nicely fnrnished
rooms, above Lincoln school up city
steps. Rent $15. Jn-4
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 24 Upper Lowell.
Jn-7
FOR RENT Four furnished rooms
and bath. Phone Blue 867. Jn-5
FOR RENT Two-rooms for batching,
also Bleeping rooms. Mjihim build
ing. Brewers avenue. Jn-17
FOR RENT Furnished apartments.
Inquire California Bakery, O. K.
street. Jn-10
FOR RENT Two or four-room apart
ment, furnished. Johnson addition.
Johnson avenue, No. 30. Jn-5
FOR RENT Three room for house
keeping with some furniture, $13 per
month. 84 Upper Lowell. . Jn-10
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
with large screened sleeping porch.
J. E. Cain, Metz car stop. Jn-5
FOR RENT One-room furnished cab
in. Apply Mason hotel, Lowell.
Jn-5
FOR RENT Two and three-room fur
nished apartments, 513, water in
cluded. No. 8 Johnson avenue. Jn-3
FOR RENT Four-room apartment
and sleeping porch, furnished, on
corner Brigga and Campbell, ' War
ren; also sleeping porch for man in
private family. Jn-5
FOR RENT House, three rooms and
bath, unfurnished, $15. Rear of
Merry Widow house, Warren. Jn-4
FOR RENT Five-room house, unfur
nished, in good shape. 206-B Opera
Drive. Jn-7
FOR RENT Three light housekeep
ing rooms, $15. Phone Black 866,
Tombstone canyon. Jn-3
FOR RENT Cool, nicely furnished
room, close in. Phone Green 402.
Jn-5
FOR RENT Modern five-room houe,
Quality hill. Mrs. L. E. Devine,
Tombstone canyon. Jn-3
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms, newly decorated. 193 School
hill. Jn-4
FOR RENT Furnished room. Mrs.
Joe Mitchell, 36 Quality hill. Jn-14
FOR RENT One three-room apart-
ment", nicely furnished. 80 Moon
avenue; one garage at Laundry car
stop. J. W. Glover. Jn-4
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms,
i three minutes from postoffice. 81
School hill.
Jn-3
FOR RENT Four rooms . and bath.
No. 5 Johnson avenue, Johnson ad
dition. Jn-4
run Kt.i Housekeeping rooms,
I close in. No. 4 Quality hill. Jn-3
FOR RENT Five-room furnished
. house with bath. P. W. Dixon, 511
Hovland street, Warren. Jn-3
j FOR RENT Modern five-room house
l COmDletelv furnished, pnri of rar
line, Tombstone canyon. J. D.
Grant. Phone Black 668. Jn-3
FOR RENT Five-room bouse. Wm.
Buckett, 35 Oak avenue. Mason hill.
' M-3-tt
FOR RENT Garage. Apply David
Playfair, 98 Mason hill. Phone Blue
647 A-27-tf
FOR RENT Four rooms furnished,
I with garage, $30. Warren. M-22-tf
FOR RENT Garage. Apply David
Playfair, 98 Mason hill. Phone 897.
A-27-tf
FOR RENT Well furnished, cool
rooms, quiet place for miners. Sin
gle or double rooms. Reasonable
rates. St. Elmo hotel. Brewery
avenue. J-4
Help Wanted Male
WANTED Bqys to learn paper
routes, as substitute carriers.
Cbanco to have route of your own
later. References must be furnish
ed. Only honest and energetic boys
need apply. See Circulation Man
ager, Bisbee Daily Review. A-17-tf
WANTED Boys to sell papers on the
streets. Lots of boys are making
big money on the streets every
morning by a few hours belling The
Bisbee Daily Review. The paper is
ready for you from 4 a. m. "The
early bird catches the worm."
Situations Wanted
WANTED Housework in an Ainer
Jean family by. a young refined Mex
ican woman, many years with Amer
icans; no children. R. A., Review.
Jn-4
Lost
LOST Solid gold cufT link. Reward
if returned to the Dutiuubo ilauag'-r.
Review office. Ju-6
DECLARE LUCKY BALDWIN'S
DAUGHTER IS COMPETENT
LOS ANGELES, June 2 The peti
tion of Albert E. Snyder of San Fran
cisco to have his mother, Mrs. Clara
Baldwin Stocker, declared incompe
tent to handle the $10,000,000 estate
she inherited from her father, the late
E. J. (Lucky) Baldwin, California turf
man, was denied today by the superior
court.
SUFFERED WITH
RHEUMATISM, CATARRH
AND STOMACH TROUBLE
"I think 'Number 40 For The Blood'
as a blood purifier has no equal. When
I began to take 'Number 40' I was in
very poor health as I had Rheumatism,
Catarrh, Stomach Trouble, Lead Pols-;
oning, and an Itch that I had tried
almost every known remedy to relieve.
I have taken six bottles of 'Number
40 and am on a fast road to recovery.
I owe my life to it as I used to weigh
127 pounds and now weigh 148, my
usual weight I could write more but
this should be enough to convince the
most skeptical, and you are at liberty
to use this letter any way you desire."
Geo. Klinker, Lima, Ohio.
The ingredients in "Number 40 For
The Blood" are set down in the U. S.
Dispensatory and other reliable med
ical books as follows: "Employed in
disease -of the glandular system, in
blood poison, 'constipation, stomach
and liver troubles, chronic, rheum
atism, catarrh, sores, ulcers, skin erup
tions, mercurial and lead poisoning.
Under its use nodes, tumors, scroful
ous swellings that have withstood all
other treatment - disappear as if by
magic." "
Prepared by J. C. Mendenhall, Ev
ansville. Ind., 40 years a druggist.
Sold by Central Pharmacy, Bisbee,
Arizona. , .
Business Locals
L. L. Oilman sells the New Edison.
'The Phonograph With a Soul." Adv.
DANCE JUNE 9
The Catholic ladies are meeting
with success in .selling tickets for
their benefit dance the night of June
9th at City park. Good music will be
furnished and the ladies will serve
refreshments. Jn-8
CAFETERIA
Lunch, 11 to 2. Dinner, 5 to 7. M-27-tf
Painting, paperhanging and decorat
ing. C. E. Irwing, 85 Main. Phone
Black 279. Jn-5
ATTENTION
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
All members are requested to attend
the meeting June 3, business of Im
portance and refreshments.
Jn-3 J. H. CAIN, C. C.
Female Help Wanted
WANTED A cook at Mrs. Fair
clough.'s dining room, McGregor
V building, Warren. Jn-4
WANTED First class Spanish Eng
lish stenographer. Fine summer
climate. Karns Bros., in Nogales,
Ariz. Jn-4
WANTED Housekeeper. Address
M. E., care Review.
WANTED First class cook, at once,
$75 per month with helpers. No. 2.
care Review. M-20-tf
Wanted
WANTED Late model Ford touring
car, in good condition. Box B-64,
care Review.
WANTED 1918 Ford touring or road
ster body and fenders. Cash for
same. State where and when can
be seen. Address Box X Y Z, Re
view. Jn-5
WANTED 500 shares Caniou Air
Brake. P. O. Box 276. Jn-4
WANTED Mules. I want to buy a
carload, three to nine years, and will
be at Brophy's stable, Lowell, Wed
nesday, June 4. Bring them in.
O. B. Downara. M-31-tf
WANTED Boys to make application
for newspaper routes. Ask for cir
culation manager, Review. Jn-l-tf
CENSUS CLERKS-4000 needed. $92
month, age 18 upward. Experience
unnecessary. For free particulars of
examinations write Raymond Terry,
(former government examiner) 136
Continental building, Washington.
, Jn-5
WANTED To buy, 100 or more
shares of Kay copper. $1.35 . per
share. Address P. O. D., Bisbee Re.
view. Jn6
WANTED Touring car, good me
chanical condition, no Fords, state
price and name of car, when answer
ing. Address N N, Review office.
Jn-4
WANTED Three men tQ(loar4 and
room, all the comforts and freedom
of a cool quiet home. First house in
Dubaker canyon.' by water trough.
Mrs. Fannie Johnson. Jn-7
WANTED Mules. I want to buy a
carload, three (a nine years and will
be at Brophy's stable. Lowell. Wed-D'-'tday.
Juue 4. Briug thc-m iu.
O. B. Dowuard.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
STOCKS AND BONDS
NEW YORK, June 2. Wita an
overturn of shares approaching the
2,000,000 million mark and influenced
by heavy public buying, all classes of
speculative and investment issues ad
vanced sharply today on the stock ex
change, gain3 ranging from fractions
to 19 points.
Authoritative denial late In the ses
sion of a report that steel interests
had conferred on prices of the com
modity to the government was follow
ed by strong demand for steel Issues
during the final hour. Nova Scotia
Steel extended its rise to 19 points,
Crucible to 13 and Gulf to 6, while
United States Steel's vance og 1
carried this issue to a new high fig
ure, 110.
Oils and motors, with gains of 18
points for Mexican Petroleum and 17
and 11, respectively, for Studebaker
and General Motosr, were illustrative
of the general strength displayed in
the speculative list American Woolen
with a gain of 14 points advanced to
a new high record at 111. An early
demand for investment railroads was
not sustained. Sales amounted to
1,800,000 shares.
Money rates for industrial collateral
advanced 10 per cent in final deal
ings, but without affecting the upward
course of prices. Sharp recoveries
wre made in both Italian and French
exchange, lires rallying more than 50
points. The general bond market was
strong, but liberty" issues eased off
except forjjje Victory 4's which sold
at a slight premium at $100.02. Old
United States bonds were unch anger
on call. .
THE GRAIN MARKET
CHICAGO, June-2. With shippers,
elevators and industries competing
here for corn, the market today show
ed uncommon strength. The close
was nervous, 1 to 3c net higher, in
cluding July at $1.69 to $6.19 and
September $1.60 to $1.60. Oats gain
ed c to ,1c. In provisions the out
came varied from unchanged figures
to 80 cents advance.
Notwithstanding, that corn receipts
in Chicago made a big total, the read
iness with which they were absorbed
much more than counterbalanced any
bearish effect. On the other hand,
bullish sentiment was stimulated by
advances in the provision market due
more or less to big exports. Besides,
rural offerings of corn were not over
plentiful. Considerable apprehension
was expressed as to ill results
throughout important districts tra
versed by th ecpld wave.
Oats sympathized with the upward
tendency of corn. Strength of rye and
barley was also a bullish factor.
Knowledke that packers were active
buyers of lard helped to lift provi
sions. In this connection it was point
ed out that exports of lard and mets
last week totaled 96,000,000 pounds,
aa amount nearly, double the aggre
gate a year ago.
THE METAL MARKET
NEW YORK, June 2. Lead, eaIer;
spot $ 5.07 5.22; July. $5.12
5.27.
Spelter easier; spot East St. Louis
delivery, $6.056.25; July $6.10 6.25.
Bar silver, $1.09.
Copper, quiet, but firm and June
and July 1616c.
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Closing Quotations June 2, 1919
NEW YORK STOCKS
American Can '. 58 -'4
American Car 106
American Beet .TIT. S6
American Locomotive 86
American Smelters
American Linseed
Allis
Baltimore and Ohio
Baldwin Locomotive
Bethlehem Steel
C. and O. ...
Central Leather
Crucible Steel
Caddo
Cuban .
Erie
Goodrich
General Motors ...
Gaston ,
Great Northern pfd
Great Northern Ore
Industrial Alcohol
Maxwell Motors
Marine
Marine pfd
Midvale
Mexican Petroleum
New York Central
Northern Pacific
Oklahoma Products
Ohio Gas
Pennsylvania
Pierco
Pierce Arrow
Reading .,
Rubber
Republic Steel
Studebaker
Steel
Steel pfd
St. Paul
Soul hern Vuvtiii . . . ' . : .
Southern Railway
Sinclair
Tennessee
Texas Oil
Tobacco Products
Union
P. S. i'ood Products
Willvj
WcfetluiJiouse
82
Ch'k
43
55
105
S4-s
67
102
96?i
51
06
19
78
220
98
47
164
66
41
122
53
203
P2
99
11
55
47
26 '-4
2
90
117
90
124
109
117
1 46
'.im
31
i3
14
2S2
!IS
135a
77
to
57
LEASED WIRE
f NEW YORK COPPERS
I Anaconda
71
31
U
25
42
69
38
16
82
76
1'
3
14
41
66
406
48
13
Butte
Chino
Chili
Green Can
Inspiration
Old Dominion
Shattuck '
Utah
BOSTON COPPERS
Ahm
Adventure
Arc
Arizona Coml
Allouez
C. and A.
C. and H
C. Range
East Butte
Granby
1 Hancock
Helv ...
Lake
' North Butte
,Nip
! New Corn
Pond Creek
74
6
5
6
14
. 12
21
18
08
3
3
3
10
11
14
25 ,
31
22
1
2
4
62
' 57
7
6
3
5
17
1
3
5
44
12
36
5
2
4
1
39
5
12
7
8
189
3
9
3
$99.34
95.30
" 94.50
95.80
Quincy
Shannon
Sup and Boston
Frank
Utah Con .' .'
Old ' Colony
Ventura , '. ......... .
Seneca
Roy . . .'. . . .
Wolv
Winnona .'.
Keewenaw
Victoria
U. S. Shoe : .....
Osceola ;
Mass
Davis D
Daly W :
CURBS
Big Ledge
California and Jerome .
Con Copper
Denn ,
Dundee : ;
Gadsden
Howe Sound ....... .. .
Hecla
Hull Copper
Iron Caps
Jerome Verde ........
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami Con
Porphyry
Ray Here' . .
United Eastern ......
Silver King .........
Verde Extension ....
Verde Combination . .
Wright Martin
Cosden
ti)-n Rock
Island Oil
r
Mid West Rfg
Okmulgee
Sapulpa
Federal Oil
LIBERTY BONDS
3's
First 4'b ;
Second 4's
First 4's
3 Write today for booklet "B," explaining our system o
mm
receiving deposits by mail, 4 compound Interest pal
on Savinr. Account.
Gas Fired Water
fiisbee
L .
BMoni 4's 93.00
Third 4's 95.70
Fourth 4's 95.02
GRAIN AND COTTON
July Corn ..
July Ots ...
July Cotton
..$1.69
.. .68
...$31.70
OATMAN
(By Collins & Bretherton)
Bid Ask
Arizona Rex 5
Big Jim 18 20
Gold Ore 4 5
Gold Cliff 15
Lucky Boy 7
Sunnyside 6
Telluride 2S 31
Tom Reed 1.56 1.61
United Eastern 4.77 4.80
Red Lion .' 20
OTHER CURBS
Bid Ask
Gadsden 3.00 3.50
Green Monster 30 40
(Dundee , 75 1.00
Jerome Verde 62 75
Magma Chief '. 50 62
Wolv-Arizona ........... .1.75 2.00
Verde Combination 56 62
Kay Copper 1.37 ....
Night Hawk 1.25 ....
Con Copper Mines 5.25 5.37
Nacozaxi Consolidated 38 40
Feather River 16
OIL STOCKS
Bid
.1.25
.1.30
.65
.....
.20
7.00
6.00
2.50
1.70
1.00
Ask
Ranger Burk
Ocean Oil
El Paso Ranger
Southwestern Oil Dev.,
S. W. Oil "Rights"
King 8;........:
Mucklestone
Jaggers Wallace' ,
Royalty Products
Big 4
Calumet Oil ,
lAriz-Okla Oil and Gas..
Gladstone .... ..... .
El Paso Burkbumett . .
Big Lime
Ranger Central
1.60
1.40
.75
1.00
8.00
8.00
3.50
1.80
1.25
.30
1.00
1.80
12.00
1.00
1.10
1.75
10.00
.80
1.00
Spring cleaning time is Here. Line
tne shelves and boxes with paper.
Thev can be had for 25c a bundle at
Th Review office.
DR. PLAYFAIR
Osteopath
98 Mason Hill Phone 897
Mason Hill Car Stop
J.D.BAUER
LAWYER
Legal Papers and Collections
Goneral Law Business
LOWELL ARIZ. PHONE 34b
John P. Steffes
General Contractor
Phone 667. Res. Red SGZ.
HEAVY CONSTRUCTION ROOF
ING JOBBING CEMENT WORK
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply ot
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 121
Fire Insurance
Auto Insurance
Real Estate
Legal Blanks
Office below
Copper Queen Hotel
C. H. HOGAN
'PHONE 121
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
COAL
WOOD
HAY
GRAIN
Chicken Feed
Phone 121 Office Below
Copper Queen Hotel
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
O K ST.
H. C. AYRES
Contractor and Builder
If you are planning a home
or building of any kind, es
timates furnished.
No Job too Small
None too Large
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Heaptctfully Solicit Yeur
' Patrontg.
PHONE 58
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Ete.
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER & STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence, Black 333
Heater
i
is
m t '
Si I
1 V
EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, JUNE 3, 1919
i
Tips of the Town
RETURNS FROM TEXAS
E. O. Castle, who has spfnt thM
pas monlhiin th oil districts of
Texas, returned Sunday night to this
district with the report that opera
tions are showing no signs of slack
ening and that oil districts are fast
spreading in all directions in the
Lone Star state.
spend vacations and that the Huachu
cas are the most beautiful vacation
ing mountains in the state.
the army has not been issued peud-j
ing his discharge by medical author-j
ities who are still attending his
wounds. He arrived here by auto
mobile with his brother, A. R. I erg
quist. !
John Saunders, Tony Giacoma, John
Bravin, Herbert McDonald, and Frank
Alters, who were here for initiation
into the encampment degree of the
I. O. O. F. They returned to their
homes Sunday evening.
BABY ARRIVES
On May 22, an S-pound baby arriv
ed at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Roth, on Opera Drive.
WOULD BE ADMINISTRATOR j
f-tollowiiig the death of Theotlore i
Pesikan on the night of May 27, last, 1
Lazer Prajovich, a fried, yesterday j
uiea a petition in tne superior court
at Tombstone requesting that he be
appointed administrator1 of the de
ceased's estate. Brajovica is a res
ident of this district.
LEAVE FOR UNIVERSITY
Mr. and Mrs. Ralph L. Matz and
children, of "Warren, left on Sunday
for Stanford University, Palo Alto,
California, where they will spend the
month of June. '.
IN FROM HEREFORD
Ben Wetzel of Hereford ia visiting
In Bisbee with friends. :
SEEK DESERTERS
Officers and detals of men from
th military camp at Naco, were out
Sunday eveqing, scouring the neigh
borhood for three negro deserters, ac
cording to arrivals from Xaco.
LEAVES FOR COAST
Fred Sutter, Bisbee attorney, left
Sunday evening for California. He
will be joined in Los Angeles by his
two baby sons who are now visiting
in Colorado, and they iwll nfake their
home on the coast for the next month
or six weeks.
ON VACATION
Leaving Sunday evening for their
annual vacation, T. O. McUrath, au
ditor for the Shattuck Arizona com
pany, hit the trail by rail for Calif
ornia where he will remain for the
greater part of the month.
PIONERR RETURNS ' ' .
Eddie Simonds, a pioneer of this
district, formerly a blacksmith at the
Junction mine, and for many years
a resident of F.isbee and Lowell, re
turned yesterday to Bisbee aften an
absence of five years in California.
He declares there is no place on
earth which can compare with this
district and that he is back for good.
DOUGLAS MEN PASS THROUGH
B. A. Packard and-Harry A. Pickett
of Douglas, membesr of the new Co
chise county highway -commission,
passed through Bisbee yesterday en
route to Tombstone, where they at
tended a meeting of the board of su
pervisors They were joined in the
Wairen district by Emil Marks, mem
ber of the commission from Bisbee
and Lowell. . . . .
RETURNS FROM TUCSON
C. W. Wilis head of the depart
ment of industrial relations of the
Phelps Dodge corporation, ' returned
Sunday night from Tucson, where he
spent the week-end with friends. He
was accompanied by the Misses Heck
man, his sisters-in-law, who made the
trip by motor with him.
in cases before the United States dis
trict court at Tucson.
ELKS VISIT HERE
Elks from Tombston, Douglas and
N'aco were in the district Saturday
night for the purpose or attending the
smoker at the local Elks' club. One
of the most entertaining and enjoy
able evenings of the year was spent
at the club rooms.
BACK FROM TEXAS
Tom Hughes, local insurance man.
LEAVE FOR COAST
During the present week Ed Ritter
returned yesterday from Texas, where' and Frank Lang, of Ixwell, will leave
he has spent the last month visiting! for California Uy automobile. Mr.
the oil fields in the vicinity of Wich-f Ritter" has just disposed of his in
itr. Falls. terest in a Lowell drug store.
f
MISS TOLES LEAVES
MLss Elsie Toles, .county superin
tendent of schools, left for Los An
geles Cal., Sunday night. .
PASSED THROUGH
W. J. Reay of Douglas passed
through Bisbee yesterday en route to
Tombstone on business.
COURTLAND MAN HERE
w. J. .young, of Cpurtland, well
known ; mining man in this county,
spent yesterday in the district on
business. ,
WENT TO TOMBSTONE
J. J. Bowen spent a part of yester
day in Tombstone on business before
the board of supervisors.
GO TO CALIFORNIA ,
Rer. C. W. Harshman, accompan
ied by Mrs. Harshman, left yesterday
morning on the E..P. & S. W. for
California, where they will remain
eeveral weeks.
BRINGS WIFE HERE
George B. Winfrey, manager' of the
Phelps Dodge Mercantile company
store in Bisbee, returned home Sat
urday night from Kansas City, ac
companied by Mrs. Winfrey, who is
here on her first visit. She will make
her home here.
WERE FRCM TOMBSTONE
;M. I. McKelligon, assistant county
attorney, 3pont yesterday In the dis
trict from Tombstone, attending bus
iness matters.
BALLOON WILL' SOAR
The long delayed balloon ascension
at Lowell, which has been nearly
staged for several nights, is" again
slated for tonight when the aviator
promises he will be able to take the
air. He would have attempted a
flight last night but repairs to the
balloon necessitated another day.
LEAVE FOR COAST
Frank Gribble left last night for
California.
UNIVERSITY MAN VISITS
Dr. F. C. Foster, of the University
of Arizona, accompanied by his wife
and Miss Willis, of -Tucson, motored
to Bisbee Sunday by way of Gordon
Canyon, in the Huachuca mountains.
They returned to Tucson yesterday.
FORMER RESIDENT VISITS,
C. I. McFarland, formerly, with the
department of justice in this district,
but now a practicing lawyer in Rich
mend, Va., Btopped off in the district
yesterday for a brief viBit -with
friends. He is enroute to Tucson on
business. ' '
LEAVES FOR PHOENIX
31. J. Cunningham, of the Bank of
i Bisbee, reft last night for Phoenix.
VISIT HERE
. After spending several 'days in the
district visiting old fi lends, Mr, and
Mrs. J. D. Sawyer of Washington, will
leave soon for their h'ome They for"
merly resided in this district, and are
now visiting Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Mer-taugh.
IN TOMBSTONE
Franjc Thomas, former police judge
of this city, visited Tombstone for a
brief time yesterday morning.
ROAD MAN HERE
Claud Miller field engineer for the
Cochise county highway commission,
in charge of construction on the
Tombstone-Benson division, spent
yesterday in the district on highwar
matters. During the day he was in
conference with J. C. Ryan, commis
sion engineer.
EL' PASOAN HERE
Ed Ritter, cf El Paso, representing
the Globe Mills, is visiting Bisbee.
LEAVES FOR COAST
Miss Anne Johnson, of the staff of
the Copper Queen hospital left Sun
day evening on her annual vacation.
MRS. FOSTER LEAVES
Mrs. D. A. Foster, wife of Dave
Foster, night man for the ' Copper
Queen hotel, left Sunday evening for
California accompanied by her three
children. They will remain most of
tha summer.
LEAVES Y. W. C. A.
Miss Annie Carpenter has resigned
her position as housekeeper at the
Y. W. C. A., and is leaving today for
California. As a token of apprecia
tion Mrs. Col tori and Mrs. Cummmings
presented Miss Carpenter "with a set
of silver spoons and the girls of the
house Joined in giving her a gold
brooch.
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS
Undelivered telegrams at the West
ern Union for the following: Paul
R. Kuhn. John Cansler, Howard Giv
ens, Ruth Riddle, Mrs. Susie David,
Dorotea- BalleBtoros and J. D. Sawyer.
HERE FROM TYRONE
G. E. Crysleir, manager of the Phelps
Dodge Commercial company store at
Tyrone, accompanied by his son, Jack,
arrived In the Warren district on
Sunday evening to remain several
days.
CONTRACTORS HERE
Lieut. Col. J. Power Conway of
Phoenix, and' Capt.. Victor H. Hard-,
ing, of Phoenix, representing a pavr
ing company arrived in the district
yesterday by automobile coming in
from Deming, N. M., where they had
been on businebs. They will remain
over tonight, or poseibly longer.
SOLDIERS' TRAVEL
BLANKS HERE '
Blank applications have been re
ceived for additional travel pay for
men discharged from the army, navy
or marine corps since November 11,
1013, and may be had upon application
at the Red Cross office, Library
building. '
OFF FOR SUMMER
Dan Truscott timekeeper for the
Phelps Dodge corporation, accompan
ied by his wife ami family, left las
night : for California on 'their annual
vacation.
TO MAIL "Y" TICKETS
Membership tickets for those who
contributed to the recent Y. W. . C.
A. and Y. M. C. A. Campaign'' fund,
and who designated their desire for
membership in the Y.:M. C. A. will
be mailed between Wednesday and
Saturday of this week, the secretary
announced : yesterday. Any who may
not' receive their tickets are request
ed by the secretary to .call at the
office of the Y.; M. C. A.' during the
week following and they will bu sup
plied with the tickets there.
RETURN FROM VACATION
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Poppin return
ed yesterday noon from California,
where they spent the last month on
a vacation. Mr. Poppin is the man
ager of the Copper Queen hotel.
IN FROM HEREFORD
Bob Coughran, of Herefordj spent
yesterday in the district.
RECRUITS GIVEN CHOICE ,
Local recruiting headquarters for
the United States navy has received
instruction from Chief Quartermaster
G. J. Rome, that recruits ordinarily
sent to the naval training station at
San Francisco bay hereafter be tent
to either the naval training station,
at Great Lakes or San Francisco, as
desired.
RAID GAMES IN LOWELL
Players engaged in the festive sport
of "pan" suddenly found themselves
in the gripping clutches of the law
late Sunday evening, when deputy
sheriffs raided a game in a house In
the Johnson addition. Four men
were landed in the Lowell branch
jail, charged with gambling, following
the raid.
SCOUT COUNCIL TO MEET
The first meeting of the newly elect
ed council of the Boy Scouts of Ameri
ca, in whose hands is placed the task
of bringing. the local Bcout organiza
tions up to representative numerical
strength, will be . held tonight at ; 7
o'clock in the offices of the Commer
cial club. All members of the Council
are urged to attend.
HUNICK EN ROUTE HOME.
Bernard Hunick, formerly of this
district, but who has been stationed
at Luxemberg, Germany, since last
January, will return to the United i
States in the near future, according to
information deceived in the district
yesterday by A. E. White. Hunick j
wrote that his detachment had been i
ordered to Brest on May 21, there to
take boat to New York. -
HOLD FUNERAL
The funeral of Theodore Pesikan,
killed by the fall of a boulder In the
Junction shaft of the Calumet and Ari
zona company ast week, was held
Sunday.
RETURN FROM OUTING.
L. G. Jackson, manager of the shoe
department of the Phelps Dodge store,
accompanied by his wife and family,
returned Sunday night frtom a four
day vacation spent In Miller canyon
of the Huachufhu mountains. They
'.'ecla that Arizona is the plare to
PICNIC AT BERNERS
J. C. Ryan and wife of Bisbee, Al
bert Heney and wife of Fairbank and
Mrs. Henry Street of Naco made up
a picnic party which spent Sunday at
the Berner resort in Ramsey canyon.
ALLEN BERGQUIST HOME
Allen Bergquist, formerly of Bis
bee, who spent several months on the
French fronts and was wounded while
in action, returned to the district
Saturday night to remain for a few
days visiting. H's diwcharg from
HERE FROM COUNTY SEAT
, Mr. and Mrs. William Sherill of this
city are entertaining for a few days
Mrs. Walter Sherrill of Tombstone.
GOES TO CALIFORNIA
' Frank Duval, master mechanic for
the Phelps Dodge corporation, left
Sunday night for California, where
he Will join his wife.
DOUGLAS RETURNS HOME
Lewis Douglas, son of Mr. and Mrs.
James Douglas, who was operated on
at the Copper Queen hospital Jwo
weeks ago for appcdiciUs, returned
yesterday to his home in Douglas, ac
companied by his father and mother.
He is practically recovered from the
operation and Its after .effects.
WILL VISIT HERE
William Maxey, manager of the lo
cal Woolworth store, is anticipating
a visit soon of his uncle, Judge Thos
as Maxey, of Austin. Texas.
Texas Crude Oil Stock
$1.00 Now. i Goes to $2.00. Soon.
Liberty Bonds taken at par.
A. G. HUGHES, at High's Offic.
Allen Block. Phone 55.
SPEND DAY IN RESORT
Clint Moon employment agent for
the Phelps Dodge corporation, Cop
per Queen branch, ispent Sunday with
his family in the Huachucas.
SCHWARTZ RETURNS
W. A. Schwartz, wno has spent the
past month at OceaV-Park,: Calif.," re
turned home Sunday. ' Mrs. Schwartz
and son will remain on the coast for
the summer, returning in September.
FOR1 VACATION
Robert Wilkinson left last night for
Los Angeles, where he will spend sev
eral .weeks' vacation.
VISITED TOMBSTONE
J. C. Ryan, Cochise county highway
engineer, spent yesterday morning in
Tombstono on business.
IN FROM VALLEY
Robert Arborn, rancher of the San
Pedro valley, spent yesterday in Bis
bee on business. '
IN TOMBSTONE ;
A. W. Howe of the claim department
of. the Phelps-Dodge corporation, Cop
per Queen branch, was a business
visitor in Tombstone yesterday.
ENVELOPES COST MORE
The price of printed and unprinted
stamped envelopes is to be raised 12
cents a thousand beginning July 1,
according to the announcement of
Postmaster L. R. Bailey. This includes
envelopes known as No.; 5 and. 13. On
the same date letter and postal card
rates of pre-war days will also go into
effect. .
HERE FROM TOMBSTONE "
Among the Tombstone residents, to
visit the district Saturday night were
RECEIVE ROAD MAPS
A supply of road guides issued by
Harry Locke, good,, roads booster oi
wide acquaintance n this district,
has been received at the Warren dis
trict Commercial Clu.b. ,
U. S. MARSHAL RETURNS
Jay Wilmouth, ..Deputy United
States Marshal, returned again to the
Warren district yesterday after going
to Douglas! Sunday. This time he
brought another consignment of sum-
mans to witnesses who will appear
DANCE
CITY PARK
TONIGHT
Everybody Invited
'Music by Bisbee Orchestra
Gents 50c Ladies Free
DANCE
GAGE HALL
SATURDAY
June 7th
Admission Gents $1.
Ladies Free
8:15 TONIGHT 8:15
The Ed JKaymona
Follies Co.
LAST TIME TONIGHT
The Big Smacking Melody Play
"Over the
Garden Waif '1
20 Big Song Hits
Big Beauty Chorus
PRICES
35c 50c 75c
Plus War Tax
SEATS ON SALE AT BOX OFFICE
I SEE uTT y
V.
J
LYRIC
TODAY 9
Continuous 1 to 11 P. M.
WALLACE REID
AND
KATHLYN WILLIAMS
IN
"THE THINGS WE LOVE"
A PARAMOUNT PICTURE
ALSO
"FATTY" ARBUCKLE
IN
"Fatty's Spoony Day"
PATHE NEWS NO. 40
NEWS OF ALL THE WORLD SEES ALL KNOWS ALL
EDDIE POLO
L. J. OVERLOOK
OR
Collins & Bretherton
BISBEE
ABOUT THAT OIL STOCK
The Texas-Arizona Oil Corporation
If Location Counts ' If Management Means Anything
If Small Capital Helps
794 acres 100 acres in Burkburnett Field 594
acres in Runnels County 100 acrts' in Pecos
County. All of tho above leases are safs and
sane Investments. Every ' shareholder partici
pates in all holdings of the company. ."
CONSIDER W
The officers and directors of this company re
ceive , ho salaries, nor shall they receive any
commission on any of the stock sold.
All stockholders participate in all the holdings
this, company has or ever shall have.
NOW
Per Share
A 25-barrel oil well darns $18,359.40 to $20,00.0.00. A '1000-barrel oil well earns $684,375.00 to $750,000.00."
We have both propositions on our hands. .,. And this 4s estimated at only $2.00 a barrel.
IN
"THE LURE OF THE CIRCUS"
EPISODE NO. 9
ADMISSION:
Lower Floor, 15c; Balcony, 10c; Reserved Seats, 25c
Plus War Tax :
CHILDREN UNDER 12 YRS; 10c' "
JfL '-- -'? " " .' ""'I' l "';' UL"'-".." " ' " ."""'""? "-""L.lptJ. " ' ' ,w ""-,."Jv'
Today only Eapje Theatre
m
ZZ4
Continuous
1 toll.
BIG DOUBLE BILL
In response to numerous
requests we have obtain
ed return showing of this
Big Mix picture. Those
who did not have the op
portunity of seeing it on
its previous appearance
should not fail to see it
TODAY ONLY
A TORNADO OF
ACTION IN 6 PARTS
'TOM MIX"
in "ACE HIGH"
A TALE OF ADVENTURE IN THE NORTHWEST
MOUNTED POUCE
COMING TOMORROW
William Desmond in "The Prodigal Liar"
Wm. Fox Presents
The SUNSHINE
COMEDY
In 3 Parts
"The House of
Terrible
Scandals"
A SCREAM
YOU'LL LAUGH YOUR
HEAD OFF
It's a Sunshine
Admission: Children, 10c; Adults,
25c Any seat This includes Tax
IS THE WILD WEST STILL WOOLY
ITS SOME PICTURE SEE IT!
-1
S. V