tl.-Vjrl .' -.Y-i .v.
05
-4
WEATHER
Sunday and Monday
generally fair; warm
er Sunday.
COPPER PRICE
Week ending May 21,
E. & M. Journal quota
tion, $16.18.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRE8S
VOL. 21. NO. 126
TWENTY-TWO PAGES
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MAY 25, 1919
TWENTY-TWO f ,
PRICE FIVE CENTS
. ... i-'bra?y ,te
PPfMPJ
pit nrn
mm
T
FFBA
181 1 TEMs
EL
p ;a'fflFI
i
V)
$
REFERENDUM
MUST RATIFY
PROHIBITION
URT RULES
California Liquor Interest Are
Victorious In Decision Of
State Court of Washington
Popular Ballot Must Decide
Prohibition, Is Ruling; N.Y.
Wets In Protest Meeting
OLYMPIA, Wash., May 24 The
Washington state supreme court de
cided today in favor of the California
Grape Growers Protective association
in an action brought by the associa
tion to compel the secretary of state
to submit Washington's ratification
of the national prohibition amend
ment to a vote of the people.
' The Washington legislature last
winter voted to ratify the national
prohibi.on. According to interpre
tations of today's decision the ratifica
tion will not become effective unless
it Is approved by the voters of the
.state, ty"W
As more than two-thirds of the
states the number necessary for ra'
flentlon have approved the amend
ment, it was not believed here that
today's decision would change the na
tional situation, unless similar action
is taken in other states providing the
referendum.
Less than 20 days of the statu
ory 90 allowed after adjournment
of the legislature remain In which
the grape growers agents must se
cure 22 650 names to referendum
petitions which will then be filed
with the secretary of state. Coun
sel for the Grape Growers tonight
said circulation of the petitions
throughout the state would begin
next week.
"WETS" IN PROTEST
NEW YORK. May 24. Resolutions
urging coneress to refrain from en
actment of laws to make effective the
prohibition amendment to the consti
tution until its constitutionality has
been tested in the supreme -court of
the United States, were adopted bv a
lare crowd at a mass meeting held
in Madison Snuare Garden tonight, un
der the ausnlces of the Association
opposed to national oroh'b'Hon.
The resolutions also called on ron
rrft to reneal before July 1 "all so
c''ed wor time prohibition laws."
The jnoelnr also took on the nature
of n reiohmtion of the decision of
Fpriorqi Jndee Maver vesterdav. re
frtrs'n,nff ro vornrri en t officials from W
f prfer'-'o' with the production of beer
fnntatnin? a maximum of 2.75 per cent
Plcnhol. nendlne a ludicial decision of
hr-mrTH' claims that it is not Intoxlcat
Inr. r)n1tM fiwn nearly a pcre of la
bor unions attended the meeting. .
DEMOCRATS SELECT
MINORITY MEMBERS
WASHINGTON, May 24. Minority
members of 47, house committees were
named tonight at a Democratic cau
cus. This takes care of all important
committees except the naval affairs,
rivers and harbors and the postoffice
and post roads, which will be named
Monday.
Membership of the agricultural,
bankin gand currency, forelg naffairs,
interstate and foreign commerce, judi
ciary and military affairs committees
were left unchanged except that sev
eral former members were dropped
from each to allow for the decreased
allotments. Two new members were
added to the immigration and naatura
lizatlon committee and one to tlie mer
chant marine.
NO VOTE ON INDIAN BILL
WASHINGTON, May 24 The house
gave the whole of its time today to
consideration of the Indian appropria
tion bill but adjourned until Monday
without reaechlng a vote.
EUROPE IS NERVE- WRACEeD,
WAR NOT OVER YET, WARNING
NEW YORK, May 23. "We are
not through the war yet," was the
warning uttered tonight by Or.
John R. Mott, secretary of the in
ternational Council of the Y. M.
C. A., in an address delivered at a
luncheon given by the Methodist
centenary movement. - Mr. Mott
was recently returned from Eu
rope where he supervised the
work of the Y. M. C. A. in the al
lied countries.
"All peoples are on their
nerves," he said, "which are worn
Farewell Rites to John B.
As Ohio Joins Dry Ranks
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 24.
Ohio tonight threw her hat into
the prohibition ring. Although
prohibition does not become ef
fective until next Monday, all but
163 of the 5600 saloons in the'
state tiuit business tonight at mid
night rather than pay the $305
license in order to keep open next
Monday.
Every wet center in the state
tonight gave "farewell" parties
to John Barleycorn. Some sa
loons closed their doors early
ratherthaa attempt to weather
the closing festivities.
As the closing hour drew near,
some bars auctioned off their re
maining stock. The "end" found
many bars completely sold out.
Prevailing high prices did not tum
ble until near midnight.
Hines Asks Over Billion For Railroads
WASHINGTON, May 24 To finance which they have accepted the railroad
the railroads for the balance of this administration's certificates of indebt
year and to pay the government s ope- edness. On security of these certifi
rating loss for 16 months ap to this cates tliey have borrowed from banks
month, an appropriation of $1,200,000,- i and the War Finance corporation to
000 was asked of congress today by j meet their current corporate obliga
Director General Hines. More may ' tions.
be sought later if the government j Approximately $486,000,000 repre
continues to lose heavily., i sents the government's loss in operat-
The $1,200,000,000 is in addition to!
the $500,000,000 appropriated by the ;
last congress, and includes the $750,- j
000,000 which failed of appropriation.
Out of this appropriation railroads will
be paid the sums due them months
ago as standard compensation, and for
Hawker Reached
ST. JOHNS. N. F., May 24. Belief
that Harry G. Hawker, Australian air
man, succeeded in reaching midocean
before his Sopwith biplane plunged
into the sea, was strengthened to
night when the steamer Glendevon,
arriving from London, reported hav
ing picked up a wireless message
from the steamship Suraga early Mon
day morning in which the Suraga gave
her position apparently in reply to a
signal from an airplane. The Suraga
was then at 50 degrees 28 minutes
north latitude, and 30 degrees west
longitude, the same position from
vfliiah the. cable ship FaraJay .re
ported to London she had sighted the
red light of an airplane early Mon
day. The Glendevon's captain said on his
arrival here that from the Suraga's
Late News
HOUSTON, Texas, May 24.
One man dad, two others re
ported drowned, scores' of persons
injured and property loss of more
than a million dollars at the
Goose Creek oil field is the toll
cf a storm which swept about
fifty miles north of Houston at
8 a. m. Saturday.
HAVANA, May 24. Shortly be
fore midnight a committee of un
ion mi'n visited the various news
paper offices and called out all
men employed in the mechanicol
departments, including linotyp
ists, mechanics and sterotypers.
It is expected that Havana will
be without Newspapers Sunday.
Members of the committee de
clared t a secret meeting to
night an order had been issued to
and threadbare. The spirit of
criticism prevails everywhere. On
the other side it is everywhere in
evidence. Nations, whether vic
torious or vanquished, are torn
and . embittered. Deep chasm
exist between nations. We are not
f through war yet. I need not par
ticularize. We have the Bolshe
vik!, and deep chasms not only ex
1st between nations but between
classes within nations. They are
gaping and yawning ominously to
those who look with their eyes
Only a few of the larger hotel
bars and saloons ia the bigger
cities will be open Monday. 1
A number of saloons closed to
night will reopen Monday or some
time In the near future as soft
drink bars and restaurants. Most
of them will retain their saloon
fixtures. Many of the breweries
will manufacture ice and go into
the cold storage business.
The biggest saloon in the world,
located at Bridgeport, Ohio, will
not close Its doors until Monday
midnight. It is owned by Samuel
Ungerleider and employs 77 bar
tenders and clerks. For the last
four years it has sold an average
of 20,000 drinks a day.
Ohio is the biggest prohibition
state in the country. The state
was voted dry; on last November
4 by a majority of 25,000.'
ing the railroads from January 1, 191?,
when private control ended, to May 1.
This is the difference between the
sums for which the government i3
ligated to pay the railroads on con
tracts and the net actual operating
income from operations.
Mid - Ocean, Beliefs
message he deduced an airplane on
the course which Hawker would have
followed in his attempted flight from
Newfoundland to Ireland had signalled
her for position and surface wind.
At that time 1:20 a. m., Monday
the Glendevon was 20 miles from the
Suraga and saw nothing of plane or
signals. The Glendevon, according to
her log, encountered a strong north
east gale Monday on the course over
which it is believed Hawker had
flown.
The Glendevon also reported picking
up a message from an unidentified
vessel to the effect that a Sopwith
biplane had been Been to disappear in
the fog at position for which only
the longitude of 19 degrees was given.
The Glendevon brought with her the
Vimy bomber in which Captain Alcock
will attempt his trans-Atlantic flight.
Bulletins
all union meh to cease work im
mediately in protest against the
detention of union leaders and
not to return to work until the
men taken, into custody had been
set free.
WASHINGTON, May 24. Let
ters criticising the action of the
house in appointing a committee
to investigate the eligibility of
Victor Berger, representative from
Wisconsin, have been received by
Representative Dallinger of Mass
achusetts, chairman, of the com
mittee. WASHINGTON, May 24. All
democratic campaign committees
active in congressional elections,
will have women vice-chairmen,
it was decided today by the Dem
ocratic congressional committee.
open. The people of. the world
are awakening to the price they
must pay and they i are fast drift
ing into the zone of pessimism."
Commenting on the fact that
Russia lost 3,600,000 of her sons,
in the war Mr. Mott protested;
against criticism of that country.
"it is the last nation,' 'he said
"with whom we should become
impatient. What would England
France and the United States
have paid, had it not been for
Russia?"
14-Year-OldWar
Veteran 'Arrives
As a Stowaway
NEW YORK, NW 24, On board
the transport Agamemnon which
arrived today was Leon Roberts, a
stowaway 14 year's old, who follow
ed the allied armies for four years.
Returning home 'from school one
day, in 1914, he found his home in
Lens destroyed (fyji a bomb drop
ped by a German ,afrplane. All the
members of his family had been
killed and he followed a French
regiment until its commander or
dered him to leave, fearing he
might be injured.
Leon then attached himself to
British units, frequently carrying
water and cigarettes to the men In
the, front line trenches. When the
Americans arrived, Leon joined the
165th Infantry and during an en-
gagement wa wounded in he
s neck. After getting out of the
hospital he attached himself to the
341st Artillery.
It
IN SECOND WEEK
Queen ' Victoria's Birthday
Anniversary Sees City
Still Deadlocked
as surface indications were concern-j
ed tonight, settlement of the general
strike of union laboV in Winnipeg has
narrowed down to a few details which
the conciliation committee of eight are
attempting to iron out.
"I am hopeful of an early settle
ment of the disagreement," said Sen
ator Gideon Robertson, federal min
ister of labor. Senator Robertson yes
terday delivered an ultimatum to the
local postoffice clerks' union to either
return to work by tomorrow or to con
sider themselves dismissed from the
government service.
This was the anniversary of Queen
Victoria's birthday and the dominion
holiday was celebrated with unusual
outward quietude. Fireworks were
prohibited because the city firemen
are on strike.
Senator Robertson tonight announc
ed he had endorsed the stand of Pre
mier L. C. Norris of Manitoba, Mayor
Charles F. Gray of Winnipeg, and or
the Winnipeg citizens committee, that
no settlement of the strike would bo
agreed upon until the central strike
committee ordered the return to wBTk
of all employes of public services.
Sorting of mail in the Winnipeg
postoffice was begun today by vol
unteer clerks. Mail has been accum
ulating since the general strike was
declared a week ago last Thursday.
LONG DE HAVILAND FLIGHT
WASHINGTON. May 24 A mes
sage to the air service today from
New York reported the arrival there
today of Col. Gerald C. Grant ana
Lieut. Howard Birkett, flying from
Houston, Texas, in an army De Havl
land plane, which covered 1725 miles
in 994 mnlutes actual flying' time.
The last lap from Washington to New
York, 220 miles, was made in 84 min
utes, which was claimed to be a rec
ord for the distance.
HUGE AIRPLANE SALE
NEW YORK, May 24. The Curtiss'
Airplane and Motor corporation an
nounced tonight the purchase from
the war department of 2,176 aidplanes
and 4.600 motors
WINNIPEG
STRIKE
BOLSHEVIKI I
NEAR END OF i!
nnnnin mil r
HIISSIH Kill V
uuuuin ULL
Anti-Red Forces Are Now
More Powerful Than Ever,
Leaders of Bolshevik Say
Siberian Troops Are Moving
Rapidly Toward Heart Of
Bolshevik Main Positions
OMSK. Saturday, May 17. (Rus
sian Telegraph Agency) Reports re
ceived by the general staffof the
Siberian army indicate disintegration
iOf the morale of the Bolsheviki., Mob
ilized workirigmen and peasants are
deserting at the first opportunity, and
even the Bolshevik commissaries, are
reported to be disheartened. '
Siberian newspaper-, print resolu
tions adopted at recU meetings of
peasants in the district of Samara,
who decided to expel all with Bol
shevik sympathies, to organize spe
cial peasant detachments to fight the
Bolshevik! arid to arm all men be
tween 18 and 50.
Bolshevik Admit Defeat
The Bolshevik organ, Nash Put, ac
knowledges that it is impossible to
stop the Siberian offensive, saying:
"The army against us is more pow
erful than the? army we had to face
last year. lu'Vpite of all our efforts
the army moves swiftly toward the
heart of our positions."
.The Siberian troops as they move
toward the front are greeted enthus
iastically by the population. The rail
road cars bear this inscription: "We
are going to Moscow."
The Moskow Narodny bank, finan
cial center of the Russian co-opeYa-tive
organizations, has issued new
stock to the amount or 65,oou,ouu
bles. The bank, which now has its
main office in
Siberia, has opened a
hes between the sYrals
series of branch
ami ladivostock. More than &o per
cent of the new stock adready has
been taken.
It is announced that the Zemstvos
throughout bioeria nave unitea m oneyour pregg agentg arr,ved at erron. ,
former :
aii.Rusgian Zemstvos union.
REDS' DAY IS OVER
NEW YORK, May 24. The day ot
Bolshevism is over, according to
Christopher Hannevig, New York
banker and former Norwegian ship
builder, who returned here today from
Europe. Mr. Hannevig is the found-
er of the projected National Portrait
Gallery at Washington for which he,
donated jiuo.uiw. un president vvu-
sons return ne win su ior we uifi
portrait to be placed in the gallery.
Speaking of European conditions, Mr.
Hannevig said:
"Bolshevism Is thinning out. more
every day. It is considered eradicat
ed from- Scandinavia, and before I
left reports from Russia declared that
Bolshevism as a menace was a thing
of the pet there."
30 BODIES BENEATH -RUINS
IN IOWA FIRE
CEDAR RAPIDS, la,, May 24.
What are believed to be the remains
of - two men 'were uncovered at the
Douglas starch works ruins tonight
which place the total death list at
fifteen. Joe Coldice, workman who
was removed Thursday night shortly
after the explosion occurred, died at
a local hospital today.
It is now stated that 30 men are
still under the debris. A systematic
removal of the debris is under way
and it is thought that the remaining
bodies will be recovered soon.
Dust explosion experts from Wash
ington, Chicago and Minneapolis ar
rived today and will make a thorough
investigation as to the exact cause
of the explosion.
RENAMED PEACE PRESIDENT
WASHINGTON. May 24. James L.
Slayden of San Antonio. Texas, was
re-elected president of the American
Peace society at its annual meeting
here. Resolutions were adopted en
dorsing the league ot nations
Von Hindenburg
To Switzerland,
Hun Plot Center
GENEVA, May 24. (By the As
sociated Press) Field Marshal von
Hindenburg formally appealed to
) the Swiss government yesterday,
asking permission to reside in
Switzerland as a private citizen.
The field marshal, who recently
bought a villa on the shores of
Lake Constance, added that he had
had only 14 days holiday since the
war began.
The Swiss authorities are some-'
what embarrassed, as it is known
that von Hindenburg is a monarch
ist and also an intriguer. It is
learned, however, that when suf
ficient guarantees are given, per
mission for his residence will be
granted. Meanwhile the Germans
continue their anti-allied propa
ganda in Switzerland.
STATE COMMISSION
IN SHIP RETORT
Can Take Care Of Self, Is
Reply To Protest Over
"Wildcatters
PHOENIX, May .24. Assuring Gov
ernor Campbell that the state cor
poration commission "feels able to
take care of itself and its duties," and
informing the executive that his "press
agents arrived at erroneous conclu
sions" the corporation commission to
day replied to the governor's letter
enclosing complaint sof licensed brok
ers against the operations of alleged
"wildcatters."
The letter to the executive, which
was signed by A. E. Stelzer, secre
tary of the commission, said In part:
"The commission desires to state
that they were surprised that this cor-1
respondence was given to the press
and was published before it had reach-;
ru-;ed them. Whether your purpose has
I been served in its publication, or
whether you are actually desirous of
j 8eeirrg that violators of our laws aer
brought to account, is a matter we j
j are unable to determine in the light of j
I your procedure. j
..,t n bg 8tated how' that
eous conclusions, in that the commrs
j sion was in any manner influenced '
j by your communication, since it had j
taken action regarding Texas trust
companies previous to the receipt of
your communication."
The letter after quoting a telegram
from "Mr. Williams," sent from Tuc
son to the governor, complaining of.
wildcat brokerage activities and eay.!
ing that no action could be gotten
from the commisslon continues:
..There i3 nolhing of rec0rd in our
ottice ln support of Mr. Williams
statement that the commission has
been asked for any ruling. The fact
that these two telegrams originated
j in Tucson on May 10 and were re
ceived in Phoenix at the same time
and both calling upon the governor
for helpi leads the commission to
suggest that help should be rendered
them by the governor, since their in
spiration must have resulted from a
common source."
"We wish to assure you and all oth
er residents of the state that the com
mission is more than willing to co
operate at all times in any matter
within its Jurisdiction when properly
presented in good faith. We are forced
to the conclusion that this particular
Instance was an effort on some one's
part "to ' pose before the " public at
the expense of the commission.
"We wish further to assure you
trfat the commission feels able to take
care of itself and its duties.
ROCKEFELLER GIVES
BAPTISTS $2,000,000
DENVER. May 24 Rejection
of proposals for an organic union
of evangelical churches, accept
ances of the interchurch world
movement and the gift of $2,000,
000 by John D. Rockefeller for
mission work were the outstand
ing features of today's session ot
the Northern Baptist convention
here. .
The Rockefeller gift was in ad
dition to $750,000 already contrib
uted toward the $6,000,000 fund.
CL
R
SURPRISE li
STATE FIGHT
In First 50,000 Votes To Be
Counted Drys Have Mar
gin; Suffrage In The Lead
Result Is Declared In Doubt
At l o'clock This Morning;
El Paso Wets Are Beaten
DALLAS, May 25. At 1 a. m. in
complete state-wide returns show
the results of yesteray's election
on constitutional amendments for
prohibition and woman suffrage
still in doubt but with the vote
for both measures. in the lead.
Figures from 234 towns give: for
prohibition, 47,795; against, 39,
981; for woman suffrage, 47,164;
against, 43,565.
EL PASO, May 24. In the city
of EI Paso the state-wide prohi
bition amendment was defeated,
the vote being: against prohibi
tion, 1032 ; for. 1045. The woman
suffrage amendment carried, the
vote was 1699 for and 124
against. Little interest was manl
fester in the election, less than
20 per cent of the1' registered vote
bfing polled. Return from outside
precinct will not change material
ly the result in the county.
DALLAS. Mny 24. The fates ot
both the prohibition and the wom
an's suffrage amendment to the state
constitution were in doubt toniuht
when reports from two score scat
tering cities in the state had been
counted. The vote then stood: for
prohibition. 15.523; auainst prohibi
tion, 17.76S; for suffrage, 16.514;
against suffrage. 16.730.
This count included many of tn
larger cities, some of which had been
counted on to vote against prohibi
tion and suffrage. The country and
the smaller towns voted dry and for
the women and the earlier returns
piled up substantial lends for both
amendments.
The first setback for the drys came
when San Antonio repcrted 4 rre
tincis out of 93 as giving 15S5 voles
for prohibition rnd 5S45 aaln, and
2654 for suffrage and 4S93 asainst.
Galveston added to the wet advan
tage when 27 or 37 precincts in the
coui-.tj gae prohibition 1367 vc.es to
3017 against and 1542 for suffia.i-'e to
2965 against.
The drys gained in Dallas and su
did the suffragists, the vote beina:
For prohibition, 4003; against, l.i;
for suffrage, 4258; against 2SS5
Cleburse, Texarkana. Paris. I' ati
mont. Austin, Navasota. San AiueUi,
Waxahatchie, Denton, Long View.. Min
eral Wells, Palestine and other of the
smaller cities voted strongly dry.
Brownsville voted wet. but. was out
voted by Cameron county in which it
is located. ;
Maveiy ,the border county in which
Eagle Pass ia located, returned a total
of 66 votes for and 10S against pro
hibition. '
It was estimated that amendmouts
to raise the governor's salary from
$4000 to $10,000 and to provide means
to extend the state's credit to home
seekers had been lost.
By a vote of more than two to ono
the proposal to issue $6,f00.00' bonds
to build a complete system of perma
nent highways in Dallas county wa
carried. A road tax of 15 cents on the
$100 rIso received a majority vote.
DEMOCRATS CONDEMN
MASSACHUSETTS BRANCH
WASHINGTON. May 24 The Mas
sachusetts Imocrats do not rep
sent the sentiment of the Democrats
of the country, according to the King
County Democratic club, which today
cabled President Wilson in Paris urg
ing him to remain in France until
peace negotiations are concluded. Tho
club condemned a cable beut vestc-rday
by Francis- J. Finnerau of Boston,
president of the Massachusetts Demo
cratic club, and Massachusetts legisla
tors asking President Wilson to re
turn home and try to n-duoe the cot
of living. TWO
THE 'BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MAY 25, 1919
KID GOLF-HOUNDS OF
WARREN CAUSE S.O.S.
FOR ARMY HELMETS
As a matter of protection and per
sonal safety residents of Warren are
considering applying to the war de
partment for an issue of helmets the
steel kind work by the soldiers In the
trenches. Simultaneously they have
written dealers in antiques in large
eastern centers for a consignment of
armor suits.
No! They are not preparing for an
invasion of Yaquis from the south.
Nor are they preparing for an assault
by air. It is far more serious than
this.
BISBEE POSTOFFIGE
IS READY FOR RETURN
OF TWOCENT STAMP
Postoffices of " the Warren District
will be prepared for return of normal
times in ihe district. They will be
prepared also for the advent of July,
when two-cent postage stamps for do
mestic mall and one-cent stamps for
postals will again be inaugurated.
Yesterday in the Bisbee postoffice
piled high in cartons wert thousands
of two-cent envelopes, one-cent postal
cards and many books of two and one
cent stamps. Similar quantities of en
velopes, cards and stamps are being
Eent to the office at Lowell and War-
. . , i 1,1
mey nave even oegun piaiing oiu-.
fashioned iron shutters on their win- rou, the former a station or the Uis
dows, tin cans over their chimneys,! bee office.
and, corrugated iron over the screen j In making: ready for the return of
doors. the district to active times with the
Mysterious missies fly about Warren j opening up again of the copper mar
each afternoon and evening in great j ketss. Postmaster L. R.. Baile has
numbers. Several more or less portly ! secured approval of a plan for in-
persons have been struck and injured
by them, while even the most active
and agile have narrowly escaped them
even when given fair warning.
The helmets, the armor suits, the
shutters and tin cans and corrugated
iron sheets, are not a new fashion
they are just protection.
creasing the lock box equipment of
the Hisbee office. Four hundred new
boxes have been ordered ,and on their
arrival will be installed in the front
part of the postoffice lobby.
In the past the local office has never
been able to supply the demand for
lock boxes, and has always had a wait-
The kids of Warren have cone eolfiine list of applicants for boxes. For
mad. They play on the streets. In va-j the first time In years this waiting
cant lots, in yards, on the hills and i list has been depleted, but it is antici-
every place, with balls and clubs. And
their warning of "fore" often' might
be interpreted behind," for their drives
still need cultivation.
PHOENIX MAN ARRESTED TWICE
ON CATTLE THEFT CHARGE
PHOENIX, May 24 One week af
ter he had been released under SSOO
bonds on a grand larceny ' charge,
James P. Elack was taken into cus
tody a second time accused of a sim
ilar offense today. Cattle stealing
is alleged in both cases, the arrests
having been directly the result of the
activity of county rangers
pated that it will begin growing again
soon. Four hundred additional boxes
it is expected will take care of the de
mand for some months to come, since
the waiting list has never exceeded
this number,
ONE ARMED GOLFER COMING
TENTH CAVALRY HERE '
SEEKING REVENGE ON
BISBEE TEAM TODAY
Weather forecast Fair skies with
rising temperature.
Probable batteries 10th Cavalry,
Boone and Savage; Bisbee, Oswalt
and Price.
Time of game 2:30 p. m. War
ren Ball Park.
They're here, band and everything,
and an assortment of boll tossers that
have only one object revenge. Re
venge for the defeat the locals handed
them two weeks ago when they lost
their first game of the season by a
score of 7 to 5.
They arrived In the city yesterday
afternoon in motor trucks during a
drizzling rain and if they appeared
to be worried over the outcome of
today's game 'they didn't show ft.
The Tenth Cavalry team that will
face the locals today will be slightly
a different team than the one that
met defeat a couple of weeks ago.
Lieutenant Boone, who was thrown in
to the breach for the cavalrymen after
Lewis had proved his inability to lo
cate the home plate in the first in
ning, will start the game tomorrow
dered a concert in frojit of the post
office tefcre several hundred people.
Today's game will start promptly
at 2:30. A band concert wilj be ren
dered before the starting of the game.
and if we can go by past performances!
the locals are going to come out enj
the short end of the score. In addi-!
tioa to -Boone the cavalrymen have!
Haley, c strapping big fellow who has;
been recently returned from the Naco.
Patrol to his regimental rendezvous j
at Fort Huachuca. Haley, it is stat-j
ed, is one of the speediest pitchers j
in the army and if Boone gets in dan- J
ger it is probable. that Haley will be
the second choice, witl "Thunder
bolt" held in reserve.
For the locals Oswalt will be the
mound selection of Manager Pittman,
with Curley held in readiness should
Oswalt wcbble under the attack of
the heavy hitting cavalrymen. Price
will harkslon fr.r the . locals while
Savage vail knock 'em down for the; letter follows:
visitors. Brashear, who cavorted -at The Liberty Loan campaign Which
second for the locals in the gam has just closed was the hardest of all,
two weeks ago, will not be in the 'and if it had not been for the splendid
THANKS REVIEW FOR
WAR LOAN PUBLICITY
Expressing gratitude for the assist
ance of the press in the last or Vic
tory Liberty campaign, F. P. Clayton,
director cf publicity for the' war loan
organization of the eleventh federal
reserve district with headquarters at
Dallas, has written The Review. The
RICE I
18 BACK ON JOB
AND HAD TO QUIT WORK
TAN LAC RESTORES HIM
game on account cf hi3 absence from
the city. Cal Earthman, former star
fclayer in the Cactus League and a
dangerous hitter, will be seen ot sec-
response of the newspapers, it would
have been harder still.
You have earned the thanks of both
the government and the public for
ond. The lineup of Tue locals will be ! what you have done, and I want to add
considerably different from the lineup , hiy expression of personal thanks and
two weeks ago. .. good: will. Cordially yours,
The cavalry team appears today to : . p. p. CLAYTON, !
"Honestly, Tanlac has built me up
so in the past few weeks that my
friends hardly recognize me," said C.
J. Sanders, 500 Cristler street, Dallas,
Texas, local agent of the Bankers' In
ternational Life Insurance company of
Denver.
"I had suffered from catarrh of the
stomach for 15 years," he continued,
"and got so bad that I had to give up
my. work. I couldn't digest anything
and suffered so much pain that for
months all I could eat was a little rice.
Gas on my stomach made me miser
able and I was dreadfully nervous,
phlegm was constantly dropping
i down my throat and
i
TEXAS MEN AWARDED
CROSS FOR HEROISM
WASHINGTON, May 24. A supple
mentary list of awards of the Distin
guished Service Cross for heroism in
action, made public by the war depart
ment today, contained the following
names:
Sec. Lieut. Roscoe D. Haley, San
Antonio, Texas, and Sergt. Chester A.
Roberts, Celburne, Texas.
be the strongest both in attack and
defense.
Last night the crack regimental
band of the Tenth played fcr a dance
in the city park' and a large crowd
was in attendance.
Prior to the dance the band ren-
I could feel a
hard lump in my stomach all the time.
Tanlac has done more for me than
j anything I have ever tried, for I have
; gained nine pounds and feel like a
. new man. I felt better after my first
the shelves and boxes with paper, j bottle, my second gave me a fine ap
They can be had for 25c a bundle at ; petite and I was soon sleeping like a
rhe Review office. I log and was back at work again, i
Director of Publicity.
Spring cleaning time is here. Line.
can eat anything I want and all my
troubles are over."
Tanlac is .sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by G. A. Walker. In
Bowie by Eov.io Drug company, in
San Simon by J. B. Cook, in Willcox
by A. A. Nicholson, in Lowell by Lo
well Drug company, in I'.enson by C.
F. Moss Pharmacy, In Gleeson by B.
A. Taylor, in Warren by Warren
Pharmacy, In Pearce by B. A. Taylor,
in Tombstone by Boyd'B Drug ftore,
and in McNeal by McNeal Mercantile
company. Adv
Mr. Coffee Drinker: If you
eat where the good coffee
flows, come to the Cafeteria.
The New
Oil R
PARIS, May 24. M. Botcazen, the
one armed professional golfer at the
La Boulie links, Versailles, is going
to America to play in exhibition
matches.
On the La Boulie links, one of the
best in France, M. Botcazen's score
averages from 76 to 80.
THE BIG INDEPENDENT
COMPANY
11 Producing Wells
7 Wells Drilling
6 Ready to Drill
50,000 Texas Acres to Develop
i r- . 1 1 ti i . w r -i 1
companV
uMncoto&n '
WARNED YOU!
WE TOLD YOU the price of TEXAS CRUDE would
have to go UP!
WE TOLD YOU that GREAT THINGS would HAP
PEN. NOW they HAVE HAPENED !
WE CANNOT SELL TEXAS CRUDE at PAR ($1.00)
a share with our PRODUCTION INCREASING
ENORMOUSLY and BIG DIVIDENDS BEING
PAID!
PQSITIV
IT WILL BE $2.00
(OR MORE)
NOT LATER THAN JUNE 16
THE RISE MAY COME ANY MINUTE. There is
only a little of the $1.00 allotment left. It has been
going at a tremendous rate.
If You Want It At $1.00 a Share
If You Would Double Your Money
1
ELY
I
WIRE
YOUR RESERVATION NOW. Send
us a telegram, charges C. O. D., telling
us how many shares you are ordering. It
is- your only chance to get in. Money
will he returned if overscribed.
PETROLEUM
Securities Co.
(General Agents)
s Item Below Says:
tn j
eiinm
ornpaLOiie
Will Reap A Financial Harvest That Defies The Imagination To Concieve
There Is More Momey In Refining One Barrel Of Oil Than Producing It
Drawing of our initial
Refining Plant to be
built on our 51 -acre
site at Fort Worth.
The News Item Also Says:-
No field of commercial endeavor presents a more brilliant future, or offers
more financial rewards than, the producing, refining
of Oil and Oil Products and Marketing-
. . ..
Other branches of the oil industry were included in this statement, but whenN investing YOUR money you should
consider this fact: . '
and the refinery is a substantial manufacturing erfterpris at SAFE and SOUND as any industrial institution or
bank. The RISK, the element of GAMBLE is absolute! y eliminated when you buy ttock in the Panther City Oil
& Refining Co., yet it should, without any doubt, prove 3 PROFITABLE as any investment you can make, in or
.cut of the oil business. j
We are adhering to a policy of ABSOLUTE SAFETY and at the same time assuring our stockholders LARGE and
SUBSTANTIAL returns upon their investment by confining our operation to the REFINING and MARKETING
of oil and oil products. All well located and properly rianaged refineries in the United States have always earned
tremendous profits the greatest profits in any industry is always in the finished product. And the personnel of
the company bespeaks UNUSUAL SUCCESS. ' .
'
A. P. Nicholson, Vice-Fresident and General Manager of the Panther City Oil & Refining Co., personally supervised
the erection and operation of the Union Oil & Refining Co. plant in Louisiana. This refinery was recently sold, af
ter having been operated but three month, and paid each sicckhclder 2 1-2 for 1.
Mr. Nicholson is a practical refinery manager, thoroughly familiar with every branch of the industry and with a re
cord of success. His connection with this company assures capable and efficient management. AU our officers are
men of unquestioned ability and integrity. Our location is an ideal one two pipa lines leading from the Burkburnet!
and Ranger fields, cross our property, guaranteeing low ccst of deliverv for crude oil.
F. D. Davis . Mayor of Fort Worth, says: "I have invested n large sum of money in this stock and feel confident of
correct management and large returns."
Truly, cur stock offers an investment that combines the strongest elements of earning power and safety. It offers
you an opportunity to make a SECURE investment' where Irrgs profits assure TREMENDOUS RETURNS. Get
in cn a grcund flcor basis by subscribing now.
(From the Ft. Worth Star-Telegram,
March 23, 1919.)
The oil Industry of America Is In
position of great power. It is on the
thresahold of the greatest period ot
development in history, and a prem
ium such, as never before existed has
been placed to encourage a most ac
tive drilling campaign. Never was
American oil in greater need by the
world than right now. The pressing
need of industrial Europe for Petro
leum and Petroleum products calls for
quick and tremendous expansion ot
the producing forces of the industry.
Petroleum was the essential of es.
sentials in the winning of the war.
It now faces a period of increasing
usefulness in time of peace. Its vital
necessity, its indispesibleness, its po
tency and leadership in the industrii-s
of the land. In the air, on the sea and
under the sea, is graphically portray
ed from day to day in the public
prints.
Observe In closer detail the trend
of the growing demand for this pro
duct, both in its crude and refined
state. It will be in demand as never
before for a period ot years. All signs
point one way directly ahead of the
American oil industry lies a business
era without a parallel in the history
of oil. Producing, transporting, re
fining and marketing companies
should reap a financial harvest that
defies the imagination to conceive.
Industry, the giant transformer ol
earth's raVv' materials, would be ren
dered powerless without petroleum
and petroleum products in abundance.
Just as the strength of a building or
bridge is dependent on its founda
tion, to as great an extent Is Ihe in
dustrial life of the world dependent
on this product. ' Peroleum vibrates
pewer. It is the symbol of modern;
industry of big business, the two
billion dollar industry. The strength
of America is the strength of its in
dustries. Industrial America without
an abundant supply of petroleum and
petroleum products i unthinkable.
This Nation, possessing as it does to
day an abundant and permanent cup
ply, is the dominant factor if man
ufacture and agriculture, the two
mainstays of any country.
The oil is not coming it is here;
neither has the romance of oil end
ed, it has only begun. The dEwn of
a new day in the petroleum industry
of the United States is upon us, and
as the light of it breaks, the most
splendid possibilities are revealed.
No field of commercial endeavor pre.
sents a more brilliant future, or of
fers greater financial rewards than
in the producing, refining and market
ing of oil and oil products. During
the last two years the American oil
industry experienced the greatest ev.
olution since the completion of the
first drilled oil well. Emerging from
an Interminable period of ruinously
low 'prices for crude and refined oil.
to the highest prices realized in more
than forty years, for the East of the
Mississippi grade, and the highest
prices ever paid for crude and re
fined oils west of the liver. The two
years also witnessed the largest out
put of crude oil and the largest con
sumptive demand. The oi! Industry
was never in a stroncer position than
at the beginning of the year 1919.
Panther City
CM & ; Kenning Co.
CAPITAL STOCK $300,000
Share $10 Par Fu'Iy Paid and Non-assessable
HOME OFFICE FORT WORTH, TEXAS
504 3URK BURNETT BLDG.
Application Blank
Enclosed find my check for $
for which enter my application for
Share? in the Panther City Oil & Refining Company.
Name
R. F. D. or Street .
Town and State
CLIP AND MAIL COUPON TODAY
610 Main Street
Fort Worth, Texas hi
, THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY, MAY 25, 1919
THREE
" iSii
y si w
iwramgr to cornea
1 1 . f -I " ! if LHP1 "L"" " ,1 I. L 1 ' "'1 rv""vj
t ie Whole Te
ETC ro.n TT- TT
.re w am it m
On Wednesday the Peerless came in with a production equal
to and probably greater than the great Knowles well This was
followed on Friday by the Terrill coming in, with the announce
ment that it is the biggest gusher of all in that field of
great gushers. ,
xas r leid
DRILLING HASE BEEN GOING ON FOR THE PAST MONTH IN TRACTS
21 and 27, BOTH OF WHICH ARE IN THE MIDSTOF GUSHERS.
THE PEERLESS ADJOINS OUR TRACT NO. 1 ON THE WEST AND THE TERRILL IS ONLY 700 FEET FROM THE SAME
TRACT. THIS IS NOT ALL. FOR SOME TIME THE COMANCHE TRUSTEES, BEING SHREWD BULINESS MEN, AS WELL
AS SUCCESSFUL OIL OPERATORS, ANTICIPATED SOMETHING BIG IN THE COMING TERRILL WELL AND STARTED
NEGOTIATIONS FOR THE PURCHASE OF THE SARAH BIBB SURVEY OF 4 ACRES, ONLY 500 FEET FROM THE GREAT
TERRILL WELL. THE DEAL FOR THIS FABULOUSLY VALUABLE TRACT WAS CLOSED FRIDAY. THIS MEANS THAT
THE COMANCHE COMPANY OWN 24 ACRES RIGHT IN THE HEART OF THE GREATEST GUSHER FIELD IN TEXAS, A
PROVEN FIELD, WITH SUCH WONDERS AS THE KNOWLES, SINCLAIR, tfOGG, DUKE NOS. 1 AND 2, AND NOW COMING
ALMOST TO OUR LINE OF TRACT NO. 1 AND OUR NEW TRACT JUST ACQUIRED, ARE THE TWO NEW WONDERS THE
PEERLESS AND THE TERRILL.
On
This
to'
Map
Sixteen Big Gushers Have Come
In Since It Was Made
I know that Comanche stock is actually worth
$4.00 a share today and that when our first well
comes in adjoining the great Terrill, the stock will
shoot upwards like a rocket. When I took the con
traact for 75,00 shares for Arizona I insisted that
regardless of developments I would sell at least
50,000 at par in order to give all investors an op
portunity to come in on the ground floor (no one
ever got a share of prmtin stock in Comanche) and
I have kept the promise I made to myself. I now
want to announce that there are only a few thous
and shares left to make up the 50,00 and when
these are taken the price must be and ought to be
advanced to its actual worth. There is absolutely
no buy in the whole Texas field like Comanche of
fers today. Its safety as an investment is assured;
its prospective value I might almost say its cer
tain value is enormous. '
A. W. FISHER,
Representative for the State of Arizona,
BUY COMANCHE NOW
IT'S THE GREAT BUY
Agter Wednesday May 28, Price
Will Advance to $150 per share.
KEY TO TRACTS"
31
i TRACTS
1017
JiCRES
i ; pAat j k qvLE
E - NtLJOfj JotitLT q
3 U - J D CabdiLL SoTiSHBj ao
4 E -V-L MOORt-W STuKHiE A 3Q
- W rj buCW hlTLAP S ftWUM JO
J A HAi?w:r.'J AO
8 MRS C PwiLLlt" go"
9 T J WlLilAMi1 3J
10 . Ma Lacy
11 J M H g N N EPY ?o"
ttts D. h& Ln rt e up To"
13 1 J E SoJwtXL ap1
..14 L HOpQgNrtEAD c"
t5 MO'.wNiS' ' '40
Ife D- iSCQTT ' 40"
JUL " P L ADAmr o"
J8 fiQR,wJBV ao
tiJcwEf 40"
11 5COTT pcj Sq
ta. Simom g'-iirrt -w Co it ' is
Z J-M Bg.tfC icq
x6inbothw sb.r. 15"
WE)ri" xs"
C W'.MftftRCLL ' 15"
31 I W'Jt COflBut,K iQ
TOTAt3lr?ACr,S
TOFA07
ACR5
EMU COUNTY
I 1 iv
eastland'Ivco- "i -
I S'' l TO ACT I
jnwCLAlP HOQ in T.
) rffoiiui-i n 111 WAX.anAi.Kui mi
. TPACT 1 iiSTRACT .,1 PHC5ENIX
' j.. cvr iCTVl ft
C01CME ,0-
KEY TO V A i l- 5 A'
L5. LjcAtioH B o. nA CO- 6 fc
? MCQ'A LOC.-ON T" A
XL CQ'"! c. o,L 73T jf X A W w
L kfeN0" v
HflVE COHE 1H SINCE I1ACH5!
These Are the
11
f 1C1
Behind the
Comanche County Oil Co.
Joe N. Duke, owner of the two famous Duke
Wells, De Leon, Texas.
H. E. McGee, general superintendent of M. K. &
T. Railroad, Dallas, Texas.
E. O. Johnson., general chairman of B. of L. E.,
' Denison, Texas. '
B. T. Higginbo'tham, of the well-known Higgin-
botham vhclesale dryood sfirm and the
chain of ten mercantile establishments in
Vest Texas, Comanche, Texas.
C. M. Seley, president of the Waco State Bank,
Waco, Texas.
B. J. Pittman, cashier of the First National Bank,
De Leon, Texas.
J. EL Lindquist, railroad engineer, M. K. & "T.,,
Waco, Texas.
F. EL Carter, assistant cashier of the First National
Bank, DeLeon, Texas. Mr. Carter is treasury
trustee and his bank the depository for our
funds.
K. Collier, manager Blair-Hughes wholesale groc
ery house, McKinney, Texas.
O. W. Cox;. livestock dealer, New Orleans, La,, and
North Fort Worth, Texas.
S. W. Kemvard, director of the First National Bank,
DeLeon, Texas.
J. C. Henderson, manager Pierce Oil Assn., Co
manche, Texas.
J. A. Leidecker, superintendent for Hughes
O'Rourke Construction Company, DeLeon,
Texas.
M. T. Smith, superintendent Kewanee Oil & Gas
Co., Ardmore,. Oklahoma.
A. E. Hampton of DeLeon, Texas, well-known law
yer, is our attorney.
Detach and Mail
Bisbee Argent For the Comanche County Oil Company
TARK TAYLOR '
Eagle Building, Above Eagle Theater Main St., Bisbee
Make Reservations Without Delay By Mail, Telegraph or Telephone
STARK TAYLOR Date
Eagles Bldg., Bisbee, Arizona
Please reserve for me shares of Capital Stock of the
COMANCHE COUNTY OIL COMPANY at the par value price
of $1.00 per share.
I enclose herewith (Check, M. O., Draft) for $ in
payment of same.
Signed Address ' FOUR
PERSHING AND OTHER
LEADERS LAUD WORK
OF SALVATION ARMY
HOUSE BREAKS SILENCE fO
PRAISE SALVATION ARMY
Col. E. M. House, the silent man
with the American peace delegation
In Paris, has come forward wltn
a glowing commendation of the
Salvation Army and its work. Col
onel House writes: "Those of us
who have been fortunate enough
to see something of the work of the
Salvation Army with the American
troops have been made proud by
the devotion and self-sacrifice of
the workers connected with your
organization. I congratulate you
and through oyu your associates and
I wish you the best of fortune in
the continuance of your splendid
work.
(Signed) 'E. M. HOUSE."
Men of world-wide prominence, wTio
have had an opportunity of observing
phases of Salvation Army work from
first hand, have recently sent to
Evangeline Booth, commander of the
Salvation Army in the United tSates,
messages of appreciation of the labors
of the army and expressions of hope
for the success of the $13,000,000
Home Service Fund campaign which
will be conducted in the United States
in the week of May 19-26.
General Pershing, who, as com
mander of the American expeditionary
force, studied closely the activities of
the Salvation Army at the war front,
has cabled Miss Booth, asserting in
unqualified terms his appreciation of
the "splendid service" of the Salva
tion Army in France and assuring its
commander of the "affectionate re
gard" in which the American soldiers
hold its workers.
"The outstanding features of the
work of the Salvation Army," says
General Pershing, "have been its dis
position to push its activities as far
as possible to the front and the train
ed and experienced character of its
workers whose one thought was the
well-being of the soldiers they came
to serve. This has resulted in a de
gree of excellence and self-sacrifice
in the work preformed which has been
second to nonQj
Another man who knew the Salva
tion Army in France as he knew it
also in America is Brig.-Gen. Cornelius
Vanderbile, head of the famous Van
derbilt family in New York. So im
pressed was General Vanderbilt by the
value and usefulness of Salvation
Army endeavors overseas that he has
become chairman for Greater Ne
York in the Home Service Fund cam
paign. He has written to Commander
Booth as follows:
"As a soldier, here and over there,
both in the training camps and at tn
front, I was won to the cause of the
Salvation Army because of its efficient
and common Bense methods. In trie
rear of battle the Salvation Army was
always at hand with its help and com
fort for each soldier.
"The Salvation Army has always
been the legion of democracy. It is
the vanguard of the new era. It stands
for a primitive type of Christianity
now just as it did 50 years ago when
Its founder sounded its clarion calV
of service to all the world.' '
The Salvation Army drive for funds
opens tomorrow in the Warren dis
trict, under the auspices of the local
lodge of Elks. This district's quota
Is $2500.
Founder and Present Head Salvation ArmylG, & A. BEAT BANKERS;
! GAME IS APPEALED TO
i "BIG FOUR" IN PARIS
V I A ' , - , ,
if v -j :4 " V A I
strike on the C.
hitter.
& A. club's heaviest
district were on hand but latest re
ports say that only a few were slight-
It is also alleged by the bankers that ! lv killed,
a fellow named Rogers was pitching j A man named Glenaennmg pitched
! for the C. & A. club, but they claim I
i
that this was merely his psuedonym
I and they further aver that he threw
I them over the plate so fast they
couldn't see 'em and they allow as how
they must have been up against Grov
er Cleveland Alexander. All the facts
have been cabled to the president re
garding this last allegation and it is
! expected that the Big Four will study
"Some men's passion is gold, some men's passion is art, some nun's passion is fame, but my passion is for men."
That was the creed of General William Ballington Bocth, founder of the Salyation Army, and his daughter, Evan
geline Booth, commander of the army in the Unite Statos today, has added her own new slogan, "A Man May
Be Down But He's Never Out." ' .
COCHISE POKER GAME
ROBBER REARRESTED
' IN TEXAS IS REPORT
After receiving a suspended life sen
tence for highway robbery in the su
perior court at Tombstone by Judge
Lockwood and later reported killed at
Ranger, Texas, H. C. Davis, alias Clay- j
ton, who has been a thorn in the side
of the police officers of Cochise coun-'
ty, was yesterday reported as hav-1
ing been apprehended in San Marcos, j
Texas, in company with Sam Holt, by j
Sheriff George M. Allen of Hays coun- j
ty, Texas, on a charge of highway rob-1
bery, according to a letter from Sher- j
iff Allen to local police authorities ;
in which the sheriff requested the rec-.
Allen came to the attention of local
officers yesterday.
The police state that quite a while
back young , Davis, who is only 18
years old but rather large and muscu
lar for his age, held up a game ot
poker in Douglas and the weapon
which he was alleged to have done the"
work with was exhibited last night at
the police station. The gun is a .45
caliber frontier weapon with a bar
rel about nine inches long. It was
taken away from him some time later
by the local police.
INTERNATIONAL BOUT
VANCOUVER, B. C. May 24.
Micky King, Australian welterweight,
and Frank Barriesu, Pacific coast
champion, wilf meet here Saturday,
May 31, in a ten round bout. Their
scheduled meeting here today in an
open air arena was postponed on ac
count of rain.
j "While they had all the financial
j backing in the district still they
! couldn't even draw their breath."
j That was the statement Issued by the
president of the victorious C. & A.
j ball team after his men reported to 1 a11 the charges very carefully before
him by wireless that they had cleaned ;emnoamg u as one or ine points in
out the ' kale hounds" to the tune of the leaEue of nations.
14 to 2, at Warren park yesterday aft-! Tne banished also drawl that the op
ernoon. nosition had an outfielder whn ranzht
On the heels of the victors an- i by mere luck the only ball they '
nouncement the vice-president anft knocked out during the game thus 1
general manager of the vanquished i shattering their chances for scoring j
bankers came out like this: "My men ' 13 runs which would have made them j
fully expected a keg of root beer to j the winners.
be on third base and when they ar- j All the available bandages and doe- j
rived at that base and found out they tors and ambulances and nurses in the I
were still in dry territory they lost j
interest in the game and refused to
eo anv furthpr. Mv mon pan' nlar I D
j - - j V "UJ I ;
without refreshments and our defeat ,
while it might appear "to the public!
as being disastrous, still we consiGer '
it a victory only for the 'drys ans
hope to have the president annul the
game on the grounds of it being un
constitutional. If they had put a keg
on third as advertised my men would
have given the public the brand of
ball that has made them, champions.
But the keg wasn't there and conse
quently my men laid down on the job
and let the miners get all the glory,
which is only a false glory."
When the president of the C. & A.'s
Hvas shown the statement of the van
quished manager he said: "Poof-poof
I'll take the matter up with the
state legislature of Sonora. My men
can beat 'em playing marbles, nipps
or anything they Choose. Rocks would
he the weapons my men would relish."
And thus the matter" stands.
The game which was to have gone
as many as nine innings started
promptly 15 minutes after it was
scheduled. The delay was the result
of the teams failure to fetch along
their bats and as a result they had to
send back to one of the mines for,
some timberings. The bankers allege
that the C. & A. club violated the rules
of international courtesy inasmuch as
one of the players was seen on the
diamond with a crow bar in his pricket.
The C. & A. club charges that the
bankers tried to bribe their umpire
by offering him $50,000 to call a ball a
for the bankers and a man named
Schowalter attempted to catch the
ball as Glendenning would attempt to
throw it. The other members of the
team could not be found up until mid
night last night. A few of the de
feated players it Is learned, are still
biding under the grandstand at the
Warren park on account of a few bets
outstanding.
Read the Revied Want Ads daily.
They pay. always.
Illustrated Pamohlet Mailed Fre!
Containing" facta about
North Central Texas Oil Fields
Write today before supply is
exhausted
C. E. COOPER & CO.
Flatiron Bldfl. Fort Worth Tex.l
Remember
Only a Few Days Left Before
Memorial Day
1AY 30th
And I Have Added a Few
List Printed Last Sunday.
More Flowers to the
Ranchers will find quick
COMPULSORY HEALTH
INSURANCE OPPOSED
TWO KILLED IN PLANE FALL
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., May 24.
Beryl Kendrick, an aviator of this
uuy ana james tiew, a local real es- j u l-:
tate agent, were killed tonight when rvice, good home COokjng
Kendrick's airplane plunged into a and a rest room at the Cafe-
saudbar in the Inlet at tha upper part
of the city. ' v teria.
SOME SUGGEESTIONS
Roses, Long Stems, All Colors Centaureas, All Colors
Baby Roses, Bunches Asters
Shasta Daisies Statice
Gyps Sweet Peas
Carnations, All Colors Corn Flowers
Yellow Daisies Gladiolas, Large, Fancy
Snap Dragons Gla(diolas, Baby
i
I am giving and will continue to give my very
best attention to all orders,' but suggest that you
do not wait until the last day.
GJ.ELLIS 0
Florist
MAIN ROWER STORE
Telephone 493
NEW YORK, May 24. Charges that
campaigns for compulsory health in
surance conducted in New York, Ohio
and elsewhere, were based on "gross
If
LAST RITES FOR MRS.
HOWE, COUNTY PIONEER
ON MONDAY AFTERNOON
The funeral of Mrs. Louise W.
Howe, who died 1p Oakland last Mon
day after an illness of over a year due
to an accident in which she broke her
hip, will be held this afternoon at
2:30 from the chapel of the Talace
Undertaking Parlors. The body of
Mrs. Howe arrived n the city yester
day afternoon accompanied by her son
Allie.
After Mrs. Howe was injured she
"n-iini is days at the home
of her daughter, Mrs. Gertrude Per
kins, of Oakland.
As soon as the critical condition of
Mrs. Howe was learned her son Allie
left for the bedside of his mother but
did not arrive in time to be with her
during her last moments. Arrange
ments were at once made to bring the
body back to Bisbee to be buried by
the side of her husband who died here
nearly 20 years ago.
Mrs. Howe was very veil known
throughout the county, going to Tomb
stone in the early '80's, when Tomb
stone was then in its infancy. Mrs.
Howe was 82 years old at the time of
her death. A number of pioneers
from Tombstone are expected in lhe
city today to attend the funeral.
ords of the two men while they were 1 misstatements oi iacis ana aeiusions
in Cochise county. The sheriff says were maue today at a meeting of the
he holds both of the men on two cases j social insurance department of the Na
of highway robbery. I tional Civic federation. The sess:o
Davis was one of the masked high- i was presided over by Warren S.
waymen that held up a poker game on Stone, grand chief of the Internation
O. K. street a number of months ago j al Brotherhood of Locomotive Engi
and after robbing the game was appre- i ueers. ,
hended in his room in the city by Po-' Mr- Stone asserted the working peo
lice Officers Hill Ruff, James Gan- Ple were vehemently opposed to com
non and William Sherlll. A complaint , pulsory health insurance. He ex
was filed against him in the superior j pressed the belief that it would de
court at Tombstone and he was given stroy initiative of the industrial
a life suspended sentence by Judge j worker.
Lockwood, on behalf, it is stated, of j Speakers declared that adoption of
Davis' parents, who are respectable I compulsory health insurance would
citizens of the Warren district. i rob the working people of thiir
Leaving Bisbee some time ago he ' American risht of .choosing their
headed for Ranger, Texas, and it was
while at that place that he was report
ed as having been killed. This though
was denied a few days later and noth
ing has been heard of him since he left
Ranger until the letter from Sheriff
own physician, force a "paupetr med
ical service" on them, cause dissatis
faction and injure public health.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
We want you to hear
Rosa Ponsella
We have her Records as follows: x
Madame Butterfly
La Forza del Destino
Goodbye
Ktop the Home Fires Burning.
Our line of Columbia Grafanolas
plays all records and is complete.
Your inspection is invited. You
can afford a Granonola. Our wide
rangp of prices gives you a ma
chine at the price you want. Come
in Monday.
HARVARD TRACK STARS !
DEFEAT PRINCETON,
, CAMBRIDGE Mass.. May 24 The
jlar'vard track team defeated Prince
ton, today 65 1-2 to 01 1-2 points. j
SHOPPERS ATTENTION
Time to Lunch at the Cafe
teria. !
Let us cemonstrats the Columbia
Grafonola, equipped with the cele
brated Automatic Ncn-Stop, an ex
clusive feature on the Columbia.
REYNOLDS
Music and
Gift Shop
Just a Small ,A
ma i wo urns
mounl
to
tock
uy at Par
Left
We start drilling Monday right in the heart of the deep gusher district of the Duke-Knowles-Hog Creek pool our
1 0 acre drilling site absolutely encircled by such wells as the Davis, Foote, Harrington, Duke Extension, Moore
head, the sensational new Terrell (not shown on our map), making from 5000 to 10,000 barrels daily and the
giant Duke and Knowles, the oldest wells in this field and still making enormous production.
Two shares of stock in the Hog Creek Oil Co., whose holdings are near our drilling site, recently sold for $1 7,000.
Illlions Are Being lade Every iontli in the Texas Oil Fields
But it takes DECISION and ACTION to win in the oil busniess those who are making their fortunes NOW are
ACTING and ACTING FAST they are grasping OPPORTUNITY when it presents itself.
Here is indeed, a BIG GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY a chance to buy "at par in a company whose holdings are
in the very center of a field that has a record of 25 enormous producers and not a dry hole whose drilling oper
ations start at once, the first drilling site so surrounded by production that there can be no doubt of getting oil.
Remember, also, that the oil produced on all sides of our leases is the highest gravity in the Texas fields bringing
a premium of 50c in the market because of its high gasoline content.
Think what a 5000 or .10,000 barrel gusher, with the oil selling at $3.65 per barrel, will mean to Texas Duke
stockholders. The developments all around us are such as to justify this hope. Most assuredly WE WILL GET
A WELL and a BIG ONE. Then Texas Duke stock will be a sensation.
One Producing Well is a Fortune Maker
Just, think of the UNLIMITED and TREMENDOUS
earnings from our entire 62 acres of PROVEN leases.
Surely Texas Duke offers an investment that you can't
afford, in justice to yourself, to overlook.
There is but a small amount of stock left unsold the price advances
Monday an oversubscription is expected before all Monday mail reaches
our office. We advise you to act NOW while you have this announce
ment before you. You may never again have an OPPORTUNITY to
make an investment that offers such a. CERTAINTY of ENORMOUS
Ft KT URNS.
CLIP AND MAIL WITH YOUR CHECK TODAY
Showing our 2-13 Acre holding in the
"Wonder Oil Pool of the 'orla"
va002 OilLancU
APPLICATION FOR STOCK
Texas Duke Oil Co..
40J Main St., Fort Worth, Texas.
Please enter my subscription for (fully paid
and nonassessable) Shares of TKXAS DUKE OIL COMPANY, at
ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE, and issue certificate in name of
Check for $ in full payment therefor is enclosed.
Name
. Address
(Par Value $1.00)
We reserve the right to return your money if oversubscribed)
Texas Duke Oi! Co,
403 Main St.
Fort Worth, Texas
MAIN ST., BISBEE ARIZONA THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MAY ll,'l91S 'wTT?wPWsrTOl
HVE
For Sale
FOR SALE A good bed, springs and
mattress, $20; one Jacobean center
table, $5; one 8 1-2x10 rug, 15; one
small oak table, $1.50. First house
rear C. & A. office. Warren. M-25
FOR SALE One six-hole coal oil
range in excellent condition; also
one gas plate oven. Phone Green
815 or write A. B. C, Review. M-31
FOR SALE Airedale pupps, two
months old. Male and females. Wm.
Clark, Bakenrille, or write Box 3826,
Lowell. M-25
FOR SALE Big four Chevrolet. See
thi3 cnr and get a demonstration be
fore you buy. W. L. Smart, dealer,
nn.ii to postoffice, Lowell. Phone
20 or Red 784. M-25
FOR SALE Three-room house fur
nished, on Black Kaob View, War
ren. Call Red 743 for terms. M-27
FOR SALE Ford touring car, 1918
model, in fine condition. Phone 787.
M-28
FOR SALE Furnished house, rented,
paying 40 per cent interest; three
large lots, good title, modern im
provements, small payment down,
rent pays balance. Liberty bonds
accepted. Leaving, will sacrifice.
Box 1339. M-27
FOR SALE Oliver typewriter, bar
gain, $20, if taken at once. Round
tree, Main street. M-25
FOR SALE Five-passenger Overland,
model 83, absolutely in A-l condi
tion. All new tires. Car is equip'
ped with power tire pump, Bosch
magneto. This is the best buy, in
Bisbee. See W. L. Smart, the Chev
rolet man, next to postoffice, Lowell.
Phone 20 or Red 784. M-27
FOR SALE $500, fumed oak piano,
nearly new. Will take $300. Leav
ing soon. See F. Ritter, Lowell
drug store. M-28
FOR SALE Furnished house, rented,
paying 40 per cent. Three lots, good
title, small payment, rent pays bal
ance. Leaving. Will sacrifice. Bos
1339. M-25
FOR SALE Modern house in War
reu. Four rooms, screened porch,
garage in yard, $2500, terms. Phone
748. M-30
FOR SALE Four-room cottage, 77
O. K. street. Price $750. Call Rooi
12. Hushes block. M-25
FOR SALE Seven-passenger Stude
baker six. This car is in absolutely
A-l condition. See Ed Plumb, Buick
dealer, next to postoffice, Lowell.
Fhone 20. M-25
1
FOR SALE You know cars are
scarce. Put in your order for a
Chevrolet car for June delivery- W
L. Smart, dealer, next to postoffice.
Lowell. Phone 20 or Red 784. M-25
FOR SALE You promised yourself
and family you would buy a car
when the war was over. Now is
the time. Buy a Chervolet, the
world's lowest priced electric equip
ped car. Equipped with electric
lights and starter, highest type two-
unit system, single wiring used, com
plete lamp equipment, mohair tail
ored one-man top, top cover and side
curtains, tilted windshield, speed
ometer, electric horn, extra rim and
carrier on rear, complete tool equip
ment including jack and pump, foot
rest, robe rail, pocket in each door,
It is a pleasure to give you a dem
onstration. W. L. Smart, dealer, Lo
well, next to postoffice. Phone 20,
or Red, 784. Liberty bonds accept
ed. M-:
FOR SALE Bring in your old car, I
will take it in trade on a new Chev
rolet and Rive you easy terms on the
balance. Will accept Liberty bonds.
You can make no mistake when you
buy a Chevrolet. W. L. Smart, deal
er, next to postoffice, Lowell. Phone
20, or Red 784.
M-:
FOR SALE Furniture of seven-rooms
cheap. Owner leaving town. 114
Opera Drive. M-25
FOR SALE Five-room house nicely
furnished in Warren, terms. Address
Box 1189, Bisbee. M-25
FOR SALE Wm. A. Johnson Cabinet
Grand piano. Cash, $50 down, bal
ance $25 monthly. Mrs. Butler, 23
Montana street, Johnson addition.
M-28
FOR SALE Four (oonid and bath.
Warren. Term if desired. Will
take Liberty bonds. Kay Hercules
or Gadsden mining .stock as part
payment. Box 1051, Bisbee. M-25
FOR SALE Office furniture. No. 7
Sparks-Kline building. M-28
FOR SALE Fresh Jersey cow and
calf. First house south of church
in Don Luis. M-25 ;
FOR SALE Furniture, v it squares,
rugs, matting for four rooms. Can
bo seen Saturday after 4 or on Sun- j
days. 81 Upper Lowell. . M-25 j
rFOU SALE Eight-room furnished j
bouse, Opera Drive, $100, balance
tasy terms . A bargain. See 1
M. C. High, Aileu building. M-2S .
view' Want
For Sale
FOR SALE Furniture of three-room
house, close in. Address Box 501.
Bisbee. M-30
FOR SALE Piano, gas range, rugs
and ice box. Third house from car
line on Hereford street. Mrs. Strebe,
Warren. M-25
FOR SALE Studebaker car at sacri
fice price. Arizona Motor company.
M-25
FOR SALE Neisdwander piano. In
quire J. L. Montgomery, Campbell!
street, Warren.
M-29 I
FOR SALE-200 egg incubator, last
house on hili In Johnson addition.
Inquire 16 Johnson avenue. M-25
FOR SALE Story & Clark piano,
practically new. Terms. Box 3113.
Lowell. Ariz. M-25
FOR SALE 20 acres well improved
for dairy and poultry, first class
land, Rosevelt water. A- I. Smith,
owTier, Scottsdale, Ariz. M-27
FOR SALE Four-room house furnish
ed or unfurnished in perfect condi
tion. Big sleeping porch, flush toilet,
gas, light, water. 100 Warren hill.
M-28
FOR SALE Five-room furnished
house and lot, $1200. No. 3 Cochise
Row, Bakenrille. . M-28
FOR SALE--Single and double beds,
springs and mattresses. Baby bed,
good condition, cheap if taken at
once. 222 Brophy avenue, or Box
687, Bisbee. M-25
FOR SALE Ford touring car, 1918
model, A-l condition. Owner must
sell. Price $375. Terms. See Ford
agency, Johnson addition. M-22-tf
FOR SALE First class confectionary
and ice cream parlor at best loca
tion in city. Write Postoffice Box
1949, Bisbee. M-28
FOR SALE Three-room house, fur
nished or unfurnished, big pantry
and clothes closets, also wash house,
chicken yard and fruit trees. $250
down, balance easy terms. Good
fl'itn road to it. 57 Laundry hill.
. M-25 '
FOR SALE Watches and diamonds.
!et in pawn at second hand prices,
liberty bonds and war stamps casn
imL Reliable house. United Loan
jewelry company, Brewery Gulch.
A-5-tf
FOR SALE One five-room house
furnished. Upper, Lowell, No. 124.
M-29
FOR SALE Large quantities of clean
unprinted, white news paper, rem
nants, suitable for wrapping, lin
ing under carpets, rugs, and many
other purposes. Call Bisbee Daily
Review, phone 39. M-20-tt
FOR SALE One dump truck, three
and a half tons, cheap. Box 1637.
M-Zi
For Rent
FOR RENT Two and three-room fur
nished apartments, close in, $14;
water free. No. 8 Johnson avenue,
Johnson addition. M-ZT
FOR RENT Two large clean rooms,
furnished completely for housekeep
ing, water and lights furnished,
$20. 107 Higgins hill. M-25
FOR RENT Single rooms for one or
two, three-room apartment. Next to
Dr. Bledsoe, Mounier apartments.
M-28
i
FOR RENT Modern five-room house '
completely furnished, end of carj
line. Tombstone canyon. J. D. j
Grant. Phone Black 668. Jn-3 ',
FOR RENT Four rooms and bath,
furnished or unfurnished, and
garage. Inquire Cunningham, 612
Boulevard, Warren. . M-27
FOR RENT Three-room furnished
house. McDougall, 37 Laundry hill,
Metz car stop. M-28
FOR RENT Two and three-room fur-J
nisiied apartments, $14; water free.'
No. 8 Johnson avenue. M-25
FOR RENT Four-room furnished
house. J. E. T. street. Five-room
house, Johnson avenue, furnished.
M-25
FOR RENT Three dehirablo furnish
ed housekeeping rooms, lights fur
nished. $15 per month. No children.
Opposite Gibson-IIines Lumber com
pany. Tombstone canyon. Phone
Black S66. M-25
FOR RENT Five-room house rartly
furnished, kitchenette, cold storage, :
gas heater, bath, screened porch. 163 !
Art hill. Tombstone canyon. M-25
FOR RENT Three rooms well fur
nished. Rent $15. J. Brown, 102
High Road. School hill. M-27
FOR RENT Four furnished rooms,
and bath. Rent $25. . Phone Blue
867. ' ' M-29
FOR RENT Five-room house. Win.
Buckett, 35 Oak avenue, Ma6on hill.
M-3-tf
FOR RENT Garage. Apply David
PUyfair. 9S Mdbuu hill. Phona BIub
647. A-27-tf
For Rent
FOR RENT Light housekeeping
rooms ry the month, $12, paid up
water and lights Included.. 56 Upper
Lowell, across from Lowell depot.
M-28
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping, No. 3 Curve
street, opposite convent. M-25
FOR RENT Three-room house fur
nished, on Black Knob View, War
ren. Call Red 743 tor terms. M-27
FOR RENT Four-room furnished
house, $20 per month. 14 Laundry
hill. Shearer. M-27
FOR RENT-Three nice furnished or
unfurnished rooms, private bath,
across from Lincoln school. Inquire
of Clark Marshall, opposite Naco
water tank, Tombstone canyon. M-25
FOR RENT Four-room furnished
house. 196 Naco road. Apply first
door to right. M-25
FOR RENT Two nice furnished
rooms, Long house, Clawson hill.
M-25
FOR RENT Completely furnished
five-room house. 69 Mason hill, or
Phone Green 402. M-25
FOR. RENT One apartment of two
furnished housekeeping rooms. John
Ceron, Warren. M-2S
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms,
Johnson avenue, No. 30 Johnson ad
dition. M-25
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
Carl Pilj, South Bisbee. M-28
FOR RENT Four rooms furnished,.
with garage, $30. Warren. M-22-tf
FOR RENT Two three-room and one
two-room apartment. Well furnished
for light housekeeping. J. W. Glover,
80 Moon avenue. Phone 645. One
garage at Laundry car stop. M-28
FOR RENT Four furnished rooms
with sleeping porch and bath, 511
Havland street. Warren, second
house from Greenway school. M-27
FOR RENT Tent house, all conven
iences. Loma 39, Laundry canyon.
M-25
FOR RENT Two three-room houses,
partly furnished, BCreened porches.
Apply Mrs. Gilbert, 50 Laundry hill.
M-25
FOR RENT One four-room and one
three-room furnished house. Mrs.
Winwood, Win wood addition. M-25
FOR RENT Garage. Apply David
Playfair, 98 Mason hill. Phone 897.
A-27-tf
FOR RENT Nice cool apartment, fur
nished, large porch and shade trees,
garage. Ideal for couple. 308 Camp
bell street, one block from postof
fice in Warren. Phone 417. Ja-2
FOR RENT Well furnished, cool
rooms, quiet place for miners. Sin
gle or double rooms. Reasonable
rates. St. Elmo hotel, Brewery
avenue. J-4
Miscellaneous
SEND DIME FOR RECIPE--To make
60 quarts full strength hops and
malt beverage of exceptional qual
ity, no substitute but genuine article.
Simple to make. Mincke, Dept. J. J.,
Alhambra, Calif. M-25
WHEN THE WASH WOMAN FAILS
to come .call the Standard Laundry:
Wet wash 5 cents a pound. Phone
57. ' M-2S
WE'LL CASH YOUR LIBERTY
Bonds and W. S S. Room No. 7,
Sparks Kline building. A-6-tf
INTERESTING TO LADIES ONLY I
wish to aanounce I am making
tailor made corsets at reduced
prices for a short time only. Take
advantage of this offer. Call and
get prices and have this new sys
tem explained to you. Corset Shop,
located at 85 Main street. Phone
Black 279. . M-28
I
WHEN IN TOMBSTONE Stop at the
Cottage Rooming house. Clean, cool
' and pleasant rooms. Mrs. L. A.
Engle, proprietress. Jn-20
GOSSARD CORSETS Now sold at
Room 17. Letson hotel. All corsets
carefully fitted by Ines Warlmrton.
A26-M26
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. School. Loa
Angeles," about Auto, Radio. Com
mercUl and Engineering courses.
Train for nervice. "63
Wanted Agents
AGENTSPortrait men. patriotic flag
portraits, agents making big mon
ey. Write for particulars 'ind sam
ples. We have our own bromide
plant, prints and finished portraits
shipped in 24 hours. Write for cata
logue, Chicago Picture Frame com-
' fany, 818 N. 6th St., St. Louis. Mo.
roBTIf Rjj! ' .. ' M-25
AGENTS WANTED In every town to
sell a product needed in every home,
a rapid 6eller. You cau make $10
to $10 a day alone by appointing
nub-agents. You can easily double
that amount. Write at once, Arthur
Cana, 198 S. First btreet, Sau Jotc.
Calif. M-25
Ad's
Help Wanted Male
BRANCH MANAGER WANTED For
old established Chicago concern. We
furnish full stock of goods, adver
tising matter, and equip store com
pletely, in good location, all at ov
expense and pay you $40 a week sal-
rv In nririftinn to liberal chnro nf
the profits your store earns. Work
can be started In spare time. No in
vestment or previous experience1
necessary to secure this position. If
you are a nusiier auu warn an op-1
porfunity to make $5000 to $15,000 ;
a year we want you and will pay you j
well for the start. Send me your j
application today. S. Levy, Mgr., De
partment 599, Como Bldg., Chicago, ;
Ills. M-251
WANTED Experienced bookkeeper, I
competent to open and close set of
books, trial balance, business state-!
ments, etc. Prefer middle aged mar
ried man with three children (num
ber of children not absolutely neces
sary) who Is willing to start In at
the bottom and work up to a posi
tion demanding executive ability;
commanding a good salary, as we
will need several such men within
the next year. Write us fully'stat
ing age, experience, references, if
you can furnish bond and salary ex
pected. Address A. P. Co., care
Review. - . M-25
MEN WANTED For detective work.
J. Ganor, former U. S. government
detective, Dansville, Bis. M-25
WT ANTED Boys to learn paper
routes, as substitute carriers.
Chance to have route of your own
later. References must be furnish
ed. Only honest and energetic boys
need apply. See Circulation Man
ager, Bisbee Daily Review. A-17-tf
WANTED Boys to sell papers on the
streets. Lot3 of boys are making
big money on the streets every
morning by a few hours selling The
" Bisbee Daily Review. The paper is
ready for you from 4 a. m. "The
early bird catches the worm."
A-17-tf
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Five bright capable ladies
to travel, demonstrate and sell deal
ers, $25 to $50 per week, railroad
fare paid. W'rite at once, Goodrich
Drug company, Dept. 131. M-25
WANTED First class cook, at once,
$75 per month with helpers. No. 2,
care Review. '.' M-20-tf
Wanted
WANTED Old envelopes with
stamps on them. I will buy any sub
mitted, more than ten years old. Dig
up that old bundle of letters. They
may mean real money. Send by par
cel post to J. C. Northop, 777 S. Euc
lid avenue, Pasadena, Calif. M-23
WANTED Second-hand safe in good
condition, inside dimensions about
three feet by two feet. State mare,
condition and price. Address Safe,
care Review. M-31
WANTED To keep a good milk cow
for her feed. Address Jim Nowlin,
Box 351, Bisbee. M-25
WANTED After June 10, room and
board in small family for myself
and two children, age 4 and 6. Ad
dress Box 3012, Lowell. M-25
WANTED Roomers and boarders.
58 Upper Lowell, across from Lowell
depot. M-29
Situations Wantecl
WANTED Light employment by
small middle aged man. References
furnished. J, care Review. M-27
WANTED Work by day or month,
good truck driver or other work.
Box: 3611, Lowell. M-27
RELIABLE NURSE Wishes position.
Phone Black 635, Warren. M-29
WANTED Work by day, general
house work. Phone Black 604. M-25
LOST Will the young man that
picked up the lady's pocketbook in
Warren park Saturday night with a
$10 bill and two keys, please return
to the Review. M-25
Spring cleaning time is Here. Line
tne shelves and boxes with paper.
Thev ran be had for 25c a bundle at
Tfco Review office.
FRECKLES
Don't Hide Them With a Veil; Re
move Thsm With Othine
Double Sfrength
This preparation for the removal of
freckle is usually so successful in
rcnioMii? freckles and giving a clear,
beaut if ul complexion that it is sold
under guarantee to refund the mon
ey if it fals. . . j ; ; ; .
Don't hide' your 'freckles under a
veil; get an ounce of Oth'n and re
move them. Eve i the first few appli
cations should show h wonderful im
provement, some of the lighter fret-riles
vanishing entirely.
Be Mire to ask the druggist for the
double strength Othine; it is this that
is 5old on the monpv-fk rpiaraoteo
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
WEEKLY REVIEW
NEW YORK, May 24. Activity in
the stock market this week failed to
attain the huge dimensions of the pre
ceding period, but was of sufficient
volume and scope to make the trading
Paramount factors which guided the
list through its occasional inervals of
caution included the president's mes -
sage to congress, the remarkable for-
egn trale .'returns for April, further
brilliant crop prospects and many in -
dications of industrial improvement.
The market Received Us greatest
stimulus from the address of Elbert
H.Gary, who predicted an era of
greater prosperity for the steel and
p.f-r
to various branches of the metal trade. ' " "' '"i
Latest phases of the peace confer. J-erde Combination 37
,.o,Q , Hoc.ay Copper 1.00
the 10 per cent Victory loan payment,
and a broadening of investment buy
ing also served to stabilize the gen
eral speculative situation.
nicannnintmpnt l-na f l f nf th fflil-
ii f ho railrnnrt chnroa tn makelRanger Burk
. . , . .
mnra cnhctgnMiii rpennnco tn President
mv,l 11
WTilson's recommendation, but this was
ascribed to the feeling of uncertainty
attending the circumstances of the
roads return to private ownership.
BAR SILVER
NEW YORK, May 24. Bar silver,
$1.08?4.
THE COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK, May 24. Cotton clos
ed strong at a net advance of 88 to
141 points.
THE COPPER MARKET
NEW YORK, May 24. A smaller
volume of business has been reported
in the copper market during the -past
week, but prices have shown further
advances. Comparatively little is said
to be offering for spot and June deliv
while dealers are asking 16c to 16c
fcr uly and 17 cents for August ship
ment. Iron was unchanged.
THE GRAIN MARKETS,
CHICAGO, May 24. Prospects of a
material increase of the crop move
ment next week did a good deal today
to send the corn market down grade.
Prices closed heavy, 4c to 2c, net
lewer. with July $1.62 to $1.63 and
September $1.56 to $1.56. Oats lost
,1(0 lc. In provisions the outcome
j was unchanged to 85c off.
I Most of the increase of arrivals of
corn next week 'was expected from
Iowa, where planting appeared to be
nearer to completion than in Illinois,
There was persistent gossip also that
! Argentine supplies would be brought
! to Chicago and other western cities.
Bearish sentiment meanwhile was fur
i ther intensified by excellent weather
conditions and by advices that the
j government was reselling cereal goods
! which it had bought for export, but
which could not now be shipped.
j Week-end adjustment of trades led
to no important reaction.
Assertions that exporters were un
burdening, depressed the oats market
despite advices that such assertions
were merely evidence of a tightening
the lines to compel the signing of the
. treaty.
i Provisions fell with grain and as a
result of word that the last relief ship
cf the fuel administration was being
leaded and that the stock of packing
t house products .in flhis country was
still the largest ever known.
WEEKLY BANK CLEARINGS
I :ne.w l uiiK. May Z4 ine continent
cendition of clearing house banks and
trust compunies for the week shows
that they hold $54,157,580 reserve in
excess of legal requirements. This is
i an increase of $4i43D,76() from last
month.
STOCKS AND BONDS
NEW YORK, May 24 The confident ! Inspiration
views expressed by leaders of indus- j Miami
try found further reflection in today's Old Dominion
brief but animated stock market ses-'Ray Consols
sion. j Shattuc k
Steels and equipments were expect- Utah
ed to lead on Elbert H. Gary's hopeful j BOSTON COPPERS
urvey of trade conditions, but those ; Ahm
issues so'm gavo precedece 'to yho Allouez
automobile division. - Algo L
Stutz, Studebaker. Chandler, Pierce Adventure
Anew. Maxwell and Geiieral Motors, Arc '.
also Stromberg Carburetor. United Arizona Coml
States Rubber, Ajax Rubber and Kelly-: C, aud A,
Springfield Tir were the sUongest'c. and H
features at net gains of 2 to 6j C. Range
l-i ::;ts. , hast Butte
High grade rails were in process of Granby
I accumulation, particularly Atc hison,
) Chicago Northwestern. Norfolk and
I Western and Ci'-esapcvko and Ohio,
'List minor trauspt.: tat Ions made only
Iiici'in'tl paiiis
1 Tcbaccos ant) kiudtvd muils win;
! :p. 'Mired hy .'merica'i Sinn'f, ;!a. co
j Products, American Tobacco and Unit-
d Clears. Coppers derived additional
benefit from th" ..$.:peit of higher
jjri'-cs for the nl i;ied uieial.
Shippings 'and oils wore iinccrain
a.'. I. and t l.ised nattily ut lossoo.
On ' its' further ris t.f" a fraction to
1"7'-.-. United f-'Mus S'o'.'l xta-::-jhtl
i a new maximum Mir th year, some .if -
i icciat 'd iss ues gai ii.is; 1 2 p ii ;t--.
j S.iles amounted to $7-","H shrfre.-.
I I'oiuls were steady to linn, but with -
lout special feal'ire. The total sales
j (par value )a;uregated $5.45o,00. Old
i'i'ited States bond 'vFti ui luv;-
on call liuiiiis t'u week ,
LEASED WIRE
' OATMAN
(By Collins & Bretherton)
Bid
Arizona Rex 5
Big Jim : 15
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy f. 6
Ask
16
15
unny." e '
e ur' e "
: e ' In
te Eastern SO
e 011 'l-'"n'''j"
'; OTHER CURBS
Bid
! adsde" 3'
: Fee.n Monster jl
j un e ' " ' ' ;
i JTome rde 6-
: Magma Chief 50
25
1.65
4.85
20
Ask
3.50
42
1.00
.75
56
2.00
50
5.50
40
Con Copper Mines 5.00
Nacozari Consolidated 38
Feather River
OIL STOCKS
Bid
16
Ask
1.15
1.05
Ocean 1.30
' .
1.40
if, r.. D
.65
Southwestern Oil Dev
King 8 6.50
Mucklestone ' 7.50
Jaggers-Wallace 3.25
Royalty Products
Big 4 ,
Calumet Oil .25
Ariz-Okla Oil and Gas
1.00
7.00
7.75
3.50
1.00
1.00
.30
1.00
'Gladstone 1.70
1.80
12.00
1.00
El Paso Burkburnett 10.00
Big Lime 85
Ranger Central 1.05
1.15
L. J .OVERLOCK, Broker
Closing Quotations May 24, 1
new york' stocks
American Can ,
American Car
American Beet
American Locomotive
American Smelting
American Linseed
Allis
Atchison
Ealtimore and Ohio 7
Baldwin Locomotive
Bethlehem Steel
C. and O
Central Leather
Canadian Pacific .
Crucible Steel
C. P. U. pfd '..
919
12
80
S3
79 V:
63
41
100
54 a;
101
78 Vz
OP
93
157
" '8
79
j Caddo
Cuban Cane . . .
'Erie
40?
, Goodrich
General Motors
j Gaston
7!?1A
1S4
T
.Great Northern pfd
Great Northern Ore
Industrial Alcohol
Maxwell Motors
Marine . .
Marine pfd
Mid vale
Mexican Petroleum
New York Central
Northern Pacific
Oklahoma Products
Ohio Gas
Pan American
Pierce Oil '.
Reading
17
loiV
1
125
4!i
f-S
124
26
J Rubber
04
1 Republic Steel
' Studebaker . . .
j Steel
S9
10 7
j Steel pfd
115
St. Paul
Southern Pacific
Sotuhern Railway
.5'
1091
Sinclair :Oil ;
Tennessee Copper
Tobacco Products
65)4
II
Union
Willys
, Wectinghouse
lTs
5S'
NEW YORK COPPERS
i Anaconda
69 4
l Butte- :.
Chino
Chili
21 vti
38
24
57
27?
35
21
13,
80
10')
13V
64',
100
l
Hancock
j Melv
i lake
j Mohawk
j North Butte
'Nip
' New Corn . . .
Pond Creek
Quincy
Shannon ,
'Sup and Boston
' Frank
I'tah Con
'Ventura,
Seneca
IRoy
W'olv
Winona
' CURBS
' A. ami A
Big Unite
66 V
4!
61
11
12 V
s-y,
17
('i
2
6
24
30
n
12
'
T Iti
it California and Jerome ,
Con Copper
S
14
1
45vi
16
1
.. ... 5
4 !
5
12
38
5
2
4
1-16
37
2
10
7
8
Curtiss
Con Arizona
Cresson
Denn
Dundee
Howe Sound
Hull Copper
Hecla
ron Caps
Jerome Verde
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami Con
Porphyry
Ray Here
United Eastern
Silver King
Verde Extension . .
Verde Combination
W right Martin ...
Cosdon ,
Glen Rock
Island Oil ,
Mid West Rfg 188
Okmulgee 2
Houston 144
Sapulpa 8
Federal Oil 8
LIBERTY BONDS
3's $99.48
First 4's 95.50
First 4's 95.70
Second 4V4's 95.00
Third 4Vi's 53.62
Fourth 4V4'3 95.10
GRAIN
May Corn $1.79
May Oats 68
SILVER RUNS $384 TO
TON IN OLD TERRIBLE
Mr. W. H. Bowering. manager of
the Old Terrible Mining property, was
in Bisbee a few days ago to get somo
supplies. He reports that he has struck
some silver ore that will run $384 to
the ton.
The Terrible property is located
seven miles from Tombstone and is
one of the highest grade silver mines
in the Cochise district. The property
is no wunder control of Mike S. Mono
ghan, J. T. Crow, W. H. Bowering, Jim
Finney and B. McDougal. all of Bis
bee, who have a bonded lease on the
property.
With the high prices of 6ilver the
property of the Terrible mine looks
exceedingly well. Mr. Bowering is re
turning to the property today and ex
pects to make a shipment of high
grade ore soon.
TENNIS STAR INJURED
NEW YORK, May 24. Vincent
Richards, youthful tennis star who
today was reinstated after having
been suspended from competition be
cause of his connection with a sport
ing goods concern, tore a ligament in
his arm this afternoon when he at
tempted to crank an automobile. His
physician says the injury will keep
him from tho courts for a month.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
MAN LOSES HOPE
"For ten years I suffered severely
from stomach trouble. The doctors
said I had cancer of the stomach and
nothing would do but an operation.
I took my last round of Mayr's Won
derful Remedy 2 1-2 years ago. Since
then I sleep well, eat what I want
and feel fine." It Is a simple, harm
less preparation that removes the ca
tarrhal mucus from the Intestinal tract
and allays the inflammation which
causes practically all stomach, liver
and Intestinal ailments. Including ap
pendicitis. One dose will convince ot
money refunded.
Sold by Lowell Drug company and
druggists everywhere. Adv.
FREE TO
ASTHMA SUFFERERS
A New Home Cure That Anyone Can
Use Without Discomfort or
Lest of Time.
We have a New Method that cures
Asthma, and we want you to try it at
our expense. No matter whether your
case is of long standing or recent
development, whether it is present as
occasional or chronic Asthma, you
should send for a free trial of our
method. No matter in what climate
you live, no matter what your age or
occupation, if you are troubled with
asthma, our method hhould relieve you
promptly. '
We especially want to tend It to
those apparently hopeless cases,
where all forms of inhalers, douches,
opium preparations, fumes, patent
smokes." 'etc., have failed. We want
lo show everyone at our own expense-,
that this new method is designed to
end all difficult breathing, and wheel
ing, and all those terrible paroxysms
at once and for all time.
This free offer is too important to
neglect a single day. Write now and
then begin the method at once. Send
no money. Simply mail coupon be
low. Do It Today.
free'asthmaxoupon
FRONTIER ASTHMA CO., Room
1S5-P. Niagara and Houston Sts.,
Buffalo, N. Y.
Send free trial of your method to: SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDY, MAY 24, 1919
Tips of the Town
FIRST STORK VISITS
NEW WARREN ADDITION
to carry out such' plana. All public j school teacher,
spiiiieil citizens interested in the scout isirls anil will
will leave with the
hold school classes
The Ktork paid his first visit to the movement are invited to attend. The j daily in older that the uirls can keep
new ihirJ addition of Warren Friday quota for this district is 21,iuu asso-iup wiih their school work.
nHiininjt, Uain-, a .seven and one-half ciate members. So attend this meet-j
pound gl.-l at the home of Mr. and ins and help put the Warren district I SIGNS OF SPRING
.Mrs. HelUm. ' over the toj
JOHNSON RANCH SOLD
TO A. W. PULLEN
Sale of tn.- ranch lands owned by
.Frank and Arthur Johnson and located
below McNeal, near the Double Adobe,
on Central highway in the Sulphur
Spring valley, to A. V Pulien for
$2500 was announced yesterday. The.
ranch consists of 16 Oacres and im
800 FARMERS ATTEND
FARM WORK DISPLAY
AT STATION IN MESA
PHOENIX, May 24. Between 700
and 800 farmers attended the demori-
strations today at the siate experiinen-
rhe following licenses to wed wore ; lJ1 slllllu at .Mesa near neie wneie.
besides numerous practical exuihl-
ai Tombstone: j'1"" iarm work, several education
al speeches were delivered.
In the absence of Governor Camp
where he has gone
returning soldiers from
f.nd the alleys of the Salt River and
Gila was dwelt on and the gradual in
crease of irrigation outlined.
From. 1870 to 1880, the population
grew from 9fi5S to 40,440; the num
ber of farms from 172 to 767 and the
value of these farms from $2f0,Xr3 to
S4.427.74G. In the next ten years the
population more than doubled, while
: the farm acreage increased nearly ten j could not recall
fold
In 1900 the state's population was Iiim.
placed at 204.354, with 9227 farms
tal. Wilson was accused by J. L.IMOVE TO COAST BY AUTO
Gant, a Glendale hotel keeper, and i TO MAKE HOME
evidence was introduced during the j A1r jj j .pplin and family and Mrs.
trial in an effort to prove that the , iyj nio(oml
defendant had talked considerably! .,,1,
about his very valuable holdinss in j to their o.nt. where they will make
Seattle. . their fuluri home i lnmit. Cal. Mr.
The defendant took the stand in hist m j Ai..,ijH was cmploy-l as a mar
own defense, and denied or said he f.nnjsi :u (lie Gardner mino r.nd Mr.
-"an
'issued during the past week by County
FUNERAL OF MRS. EDWARD icieikj. E. James
SIMONDS MONDAY George Fa!k and Alice Hodgson of
.Mrs. 1-M ward Simonds of" Ouera Ikwslas: Challnielt M. Clauson and
l;rie, who died Friday afternoon at I
lier local residence, will be buried at Al
10 o'clock in Everjsieen cemetery. De-jias; Ysidio 1!. Estella to Librada L.
ceased has been a resident of this dis-jCota 01 Tombstone; Jesus It. Villa
trict for about three vears and slit- Is neuava to Delfina A. Mendoza. of
'survived by a daughter, Mrs. Lideau, .dhufclas; Ch:..lo fluids per t , which traced the history ofagricuhure
...h .... Kmo A r..Y...- .ln,.l,ii. I ,,-fwl Anno fl i Vol li TAlinonn rt Vol"..1" 1 am'es
HJUiiis; i.i.cuiuif it .11. 1 itiii.viii 01m ' -
.ena M. Miller or Douglas; . Miguel j hu in Now York,
Umoaderi and Marie Riheria of Doug- to welcome retur
overseas. Dr. R. B. von KieinSnnut,
president of the University of Ari
zona, read the executive's address.
a numuer 01 siaie-, . ... i:
I 1 A. J. J!"i
1 ments along these lines credited to,,;
is new v.irK.nt in
I
valued at $75.12:5.970. of which sum i CORNELL CUTROWS PRINCETON
$26,051,000 was in livestock. The to-1 :
tal value of the crops in 1918 was giv-1 ITHACA, N. Y., May 24. Cornell
en as $42,267,000 as against $5,496,87 j crews defeated the Princeton eights
in 1902, while the livestock census in both the 'varsity and freshman
in 1919 placed a value on that branch j races on Cayuga lake this afternoon,
of $79,928,000 as against $26,051,000 ! .
in 1909.
W oman :
serve you
Miss Business
The Cafeteria will
a quick and dainty lunch
the rest room.
use
LEAVES FOR COAST
Frank Bledsoe, local automobile
agent, will leave for Los Angeles, Cal..
and T. P. L. I). Rhode to wed
I.. M. Collins, both of F-isbce.
Monday evening. While away he will j
Mrs. E. P. Jones, resides in Seattle, j i en.
-Wash., and a son, Arnould Harvey, re-; Mrs
sines in New York state. Mrs. simonds
was a member of the Methodist TO TOMBSTONE
church. The funeral will be hel l from Chief Deputy Sheriff George Hen-
attend tne meeting ot ueaiers tor i an-1
fornia and Arizona at which special .
business matters pertaining to the
motor car and the industry will be dis
cussed. He will return the middle of
next week.
: the Hennessy undertaking parlors.
TOOHEY IN TOWN
Frank Toohey, bihvay contractor,
who has been building roads for the
county highway oiaiiiissiou between
Tombstone and Benson, and who has
a contract on the Silver Creek district
east of Douglas, was iu Lisbee yester
day en route to Tombstone, where he
will spend Sunday with hi, family.
Rains of the past few days have been
of especial benefit to highways c.i tl
county, he reports.
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS
The following undelivered tele
grams are now at the office of the
Western Union: J. F. Cassan, Allen
II. Hubbell, Sr.. D. Cruz Padilla, Miss
Alice Blevins, Charley Kazec and
Thomas Knight.
derson of Tombstojie, who was in the
city for a few days on. business, re-
i turned to his home yesterday.
RECRUITERS GO TO
TOMBSTONE
Captain Ottzenn of the First caval
ry of Douglas and about 35 enlisted
men, left yesterday morning for
Tombstone to gather recruits. Dur
ing the stay of the recruiting party in
this city nine enlistments were reg
istered for the Warren District. The
ARCHITECT VISITS BlISBEE
For the purpose of looking after bus
iness interests here and of investigat
ing plans for additional school build
ings in the district, Royall Y. Lescher
of Phoenix, well known architect,
spent Friday and a part of yesterday
in the Warren district. He left yester
day for his home in the Salt River
valley.
CITY MARSHALL RETURNS
FROM PHOENIX
A. J. Kempton, city marshal.
re-
JULY 4TH COMMITTEE
RAISES $3500
At a meeting iast nisht at the Com
mercial club, of the finance committee I ,e,t in n20tor trucks and arrived
of the Fourth of July Celebration the!in Tombstone shortly after noon yes
committee reported having raised I ten'ay'
$H500. An additional
$500 will be.
needed and it i evne.-Kxl thnt t h. ; I n fc K t-.UP.Lm; SON
committee will finish its canvassing! A pleasant evening was spent at the
of the district Monday. j home of Mr. and Mrs Isaac Humph
ries in Warren Wednesday in honor of
PROGRAM COMMITTEE TO
MEET MONDAY NIGHT.
The Program Committee of the
Fourth of duly Celebration will meet
at the Commercial club tomorrow
night at 8 o'clock to make final ar
rangements on the program.
"The pioneers of practically every
other state in the union, except Ne
vada." said the governor's address,
"were brought, in largely by the pos
sibilities of agriculture. But in Ari
zona until 20 years ago, agriculture
almost always aceomoanied and tend
ed to satisfactory demands created
by the opening up of your mines. For
40 years, dating back to 1S48, there
was an increasing pilgrimage of set
tlers crossing Arizona to get to' Cali
fornia. There were few permanent
settlements. In the northern parts of
the state and in a few spots in the
south Mormon settlers established
'hemselves."
The governor's address then traced
the growth of the, agricultural set
tlements through the perilous period
before the 'Apaches grew to realize
that the white man's property must
be left alone. The development of
Yavapai. Apache and Navajo counties
COMANCHE COUNTY DRILLING.
Comanche County oil, which some
have been misinformed had been with
drawn tsom market, is still being
placed in this district by Stark Taylor,
their- son, Alfred, recently returnei
from France, where he served with
I the American Expeditionary forces. A
dainty supper was served to the 12
guests present and music was enjoy
ed during the evening. Mr. Albert
Graham, also recently returned from
France, was a guest during the even
ing with his wife.
.turned to the city last night from ; local agent. Patrons of the company
Phoenix, to which place he went to at-' and holders of its stock will be inter
tend a conference of the state corpor I estej to know that the company is
ation commission in connection with j drilling, detailed account of which will
the regulation of the jitney busses
throughout the state recently taken
over by the commission and which be
comes operative on June 19, under the
provisions of synate bill number 60.
be seen in this issue of The Review.
POWER CONWA YCOMING
Lieut. Col. J. Power Conway of
Phoenix, representing a paving com
pany in this state, will arrive in the
THANKS EXTENDED I Warren Listrict on Monday to prepare
The Warren branch of the Arizona ! for submission of bids for paving the
Children's home yesterday extended principal thoroughfares of ISisbee.
its thanks tu the Pythian Sisters of Bonds providing; money for these im
Bisbec for the $50 donated by that or- provemcnts were voted a month ago
Ionization to the home. I following u record' preiparation and
j submission of the question to the vot-1 treaty
Peace Summary
Germany's series of notes protest
ing against the action of the peace
treaty have had little effect on the
purpose of the allied and associated j
governments to have the German del-1
egates acceptor refuse the treaty.
Paris reports, the only changes
made in the treaty have been in
phraseology and details. Several
German notes remain unanswered.
Reports from Germany indicate that
theattitude of the Berlin government
is changing, some observers express
ing the opinion that it will order the
delegates at Versailles to sign the
Count von Brockdorff-Rant
FLOWER SALE BENEFIT
The annual flower sale for the bene '
fit of the Children's Home will be held
at the usual place, the Lowell car stop,
on Friday, May 30, beginning at 8 a.
ers. Plans of the city are to start
work as soon as possible with the
funds which become available when
two local banks purchased the bonds.
Several other paving concerns are ex-
m. Everybody will be expected to buy pected to bid for the work, and an in
f lowers and. help the orphans. .teresting contest between bitulithic
j representatives and concrete conttac-
RETURNS FROM VACATION TRIP I tors is being anticipated.
Miss May V. Hill of the Phelps-
Dodgo Mercantile company ,auditing
department, and her sister, Ruth, re
turned from Chicago last Friday. Miss
May reports having had a delightful
WILL MAKE $EA VOYAGE
TO ENGLAND
Walter H. Rich, who has been in the i
employ of the Phelps-Lodge corporaion i
zau is again at Versailles after his
conference Friday at Spa with Prem-'
ier Scheidemann and othe'r German j
leaders.-' j
Allied Troops, in Readiness
Meanwhile the allied troops are be-!
ing held in readiness along the Rhine.
General Robertson, the British com
mander, had a conference at Coblenz
Friday with Lieutenant General Lig
j gett, commander of the American
i bridgehead, in regard to their plans
should the Germans decline to sign.
$15'
Brunswick
Phonograph
JURY DISAGREES IN
FRAUD CHARGE CASE
PHOENIX, May 24. After a' trial'
which lasted almost the entire week.l
the jury in the case of E. H. Wilson, j
charged with obtaining money Hinder
false pretenses, disagreed here today.
The jury was reported as having fi
nally voted eight to four for acquit-
ASE
BALL
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
10th CAVALRY vs. WARREN DISTRICT
-At-:
WARREN PARK
Admission 50c
Used
For $85
This machine is in perfect
condition and we will
guarantee it the same as
WE DO A NEW ONE
McWhortefs
Talking Machine
Shop
Next Door to Fair Annex
Victrolas, Records
Brunswicks
tiling, visiting her grandmother and j for some time as mining engineer, will
other relatives there. The unexpected leave the city this morning for Liver-1
Increase of business in the auditing pool, England.
department here, hastened her return,
thus preventing a contemplated visit i BRASHEAR SIGNING
with an aunt in St. Louis.
UP PLAYERS
According to" word received in the j
city by J. C. Ryan, president of the ;
Bisbee ball club, Roy Brashear is i
MEETING OF THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS, Y. W. C. A.
A ppecial meeting of the board of; meeting with success on the coast in
directors of the Y. V". C. A. will be . signing up players lor the local team,
held Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock in 1 He reports having signed up several
the rest room. The result of the San! hard hitters, among them an Indian
Francisco and Phoenix conferences j named Mitch Rose, who will be seen
will be discussed. j at the initial sack, this season in a
. Pisbee uniform.
WOMEN'S CHORAL CLUB TO j '
GIVE CONCERT BOY SCOUTS, HOLD
The second entertainment for the i STAG PARTY. j
benefit of the Y. W. C. A. gymnasium j Friday nisht troop No 2 held a stag ;
and swimming pool fund will be a con-1 party at their club rooms and the!
cert by the Women's Choral club of j scouts of Lowell were the guests. Iiox-j
Bisbee, which is expected to be given I ing, games and refreshments were on :
Wedensday evening. June 4, in the the program. Arrangements and plans i
High School auditorium. Ietails and
program will be announced later.
YOEMAN PLAN SOCIAL DANCE
The Brotherhood of American Yoe-
were started for the big drive 'wlich
starts June 8 and ends June 14.
man having moved from the Medigo-' leader of Troop No. 3 ot Ixwe1l, Fri-'
vish hall to the old Pythian castle on ' day evening. Wilburn Bouldin is j
O. K. street, are planning for a social i scribe and Kmanuel Levine was elect-,
dance at their next meeting nighti, 'ed treasurer. Troop No. 3 meet;
Tuesday, May 27. ! every Friday night at 7 o'clock, and
jany boy wishing to jcin can do so by :
LOWELL TROOP ELECTS
Dominick Bosio was elected scout
BONDS NOW READY. j
The 4 3-4 per cent Victory loan cou- j
pon bonds paid for In full with sub-1
scription are now ready for delivery j
by Baak of Bisbee and Miners & Mer
chants bank. M-29
coming to the next meeting. Meeting
place is in the hurch at Lowell.
GIRLS' LEAVE TODAY
FOR MOUNTAIN CAMP
On account of the weather the girls
of the sevenh grade did not leave for
Miller's canyon in the Huachuca
mountains Saturday as planned. They
the city this morning.
HI ALUM I Nl DANCE AT HIGH
SCHOOL AUDITORIUM
The Bisbee High School Alunifni I will leave
association is planning to give a dance Everything has been put in readiness
on Friday night. June 6. at the High at the camp by Miss Martha Groelfy,
school auditorium. The First ("aval-1 girls' secretary of the V. W. ('. A.,
ry Jazz band has been secured to fur-land reports from Miller's canyon
nish the music. ! state that the weather there is ileal
with very little rainfall. Those who
MASS MEETING , sicned lip yesterday for the trip in
Next Tuesday night at the City hall
tho plans for the Scout drive will be
formulated Rnd committees appointed
addition to those previousy announced
are: Olive Thomas and Gladys Gil
man Miss Clara Belle Black, public
( ' B ' '
igmoii i mi r Tfcii
- M
"Beware of LITTLE Expenses:
a Small LEAK Will Sink a Ship!"
As easy to DO WITHOUT new. clothes as itis to
BUY em
Great deal EASIER, in fact at the prevailing prices.
There are two or thre outfits hanging on the hook, in the av
erage man's attic, which with proper handling are capable of render
ing MONTHS of ADDITIONAL SERVICE!
Get down the CAST-OFFS and allow us to RESTORE them!
We CLEAN, DYE. MEND and PRESS! , Results are WONDER
FUL! The FEE isn't much! Send for the WAGON !
BISBEE DYE
WORKS
Phone 296
Main St., Bisbee, Ariz
GR
AND THEAT
I
-TONIGHT-
CURTAIN AT 8:15 P. M.
The Italian Grand Opera Company
IN VERDI'S CELEBRATED OPERA
Trovatoire
99
-PRICES-
$1.50, $1.C0, 50c and 25c Plus War Tax
SEATS NOW SELLING AT BOX OFFICE
0
-TOMORROW-
Verdi's
"RIG0
ETTO"
r
ERFECT
ICTURES
ROPERLY
ROJECTED
LYRIC
TODAY
CONTINUONS
1 to 11 p.m.
COOL AND COMFORTABLE
ADALPH ZUKOR PRESENTS CHARMING
Mlie
Emrke
in
"Th
e Land.of Promis
FRbM THE FAMOUS STORY BY SOMERSET MAUGHAM
Added Attractions
9?
PATHE: NEWS No. 37
NEWS OF ALL THE WORLD SEES ALL KNOWS ALL
' VITAGRAPH BIG "V" COMEDY
"FRAUDS AND FRENZY"
4 IN TWO REELS OF LAUGHTER
ADMISSION
Lower Floor, 15c; Balcony, 10c; Reserved Seats, 25c Plus War Tax. Children
Under 12 Years, 10c
TOMORROW
Ethel Clayton in "Woman's Weapons" THE mSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MAY 25, 1919
SEVEN
BOLSHEVIK
EXECUTE FIFTY DAILY IN
MOSCOW; GOOD CLOTHES ARE CRIME
BAKU, May 2. via London May 17.
(Corespondence of The Associated
Tress) Glimpses into the fantastic
life in Moscow under bolshevik rule
are given by an Armenian engineer
"who has arrived here from the capital
jf Soviet Russia. He says the people
of the city live In terror of the bolshe
vik red guard and that the former
bourgeoisie have very few privileges.
To be well dressed i9 a crime. The
hated upper classes must masquerade
as poorer folk whenever they go into
the streets. Good clothes or furs
bring down upon them . the cry of
"bourgeois.." One word of protest or
or non-submislon to the ruling powers
is quite sufficient to evoke the dam
ning word; "counter-revolutionary
That means prison and sometimes
death. The jails already are full of
counter-revolutionaries and. the Ar
menlan says almost daily from 30 to
0 men are shot.
The Strasnoi monastery is now a
peoples law court." Where the bour
geoisie arc tried and condemned for
"crimes" of opposition or alleged op
position to bolshevik rule.
Priests Imprisoned
The churches, he says, are safe but
their valuables have been removed.
Many priests have been killed or Im
prisoned because, after the death of
the former emperor and his family.
they prayed in secret for the dead.
Some o fthe theaters are still' open.
The great imperial theater is used
for bolshevik meetings but in the
evenings opera and ballot continue.
The greatest artists have all escaped
from Moscow but many good ones re
main. Only soldiers go to the thea
ters. The bourgeoisie apparently dare
not. ,
Most of the banks are closed. Only
one bank with several branches exists.
It is known as the "ePople's Bank of
the Russian Federal Soviet Repub
lic." Sums not exceeding 1000 rubles
a month may he drawn but usually
one has to pay an agent 50 to 60 per
cent of his draft as a commission for
obtaining it.
It is dangerous to employ any ser
vants a sure sign of bourgeoisie,
Servants are In some cases retained
secretly. But on the paper showing
the number of people in the huose the
servants are listed as poor relatives
Streets Are Filthy
The Btreets are filthy and unkept
Every now and then the bourgeoisie
are ordered to clean their own Btreets,
men, women and children are given
spades and ordered under penalty of
imprisonment to shovel filth away.
As a rule the bourgeoisie have to load
and carry their own supplies.- No one
else will work for them.
There is no gasoline for private
automobiles and alcohol is used for
fuel. This is stolen by the chauffeurs.
mixed with water and sold as vodka
for 400 rubles a bottle. .
hoiaiers or tne red army comman
deer the peasants' stores of grain and
food, give them ridiculously small
prices in payment and then sell the
food at huge profits. Often they visit
houses on the pretext of searching for
arms, take what valuables they can
find and sell them in the streets. They
loot, rob and even murder anyone dar
ing to Fay a word against them.
Civilian Soldiers Near Mutiny
The slightest offense in the army
is now punished by death but when
the red soldiers are not on duty they
seem to be able to do as they like
with impunity. Most or the civilians
who have been mobilized into the
army are discontented and are await
ing the first opportunity of turning
against the bolshevik!
There is no protection for foreign
ers. A decree was recently published
declaring there were no longer any
foreigners and that everyone living in
Russia henceforth would be deemed
a Russian and have to submit to bol
shevik rule. Paper money to the face
value of 1,250,000 rubles is printed
daily. Only two newspapers are per-
mitted to be published. The Soviet
News and the Soldier's Truth.
She's a Peach---of a Swimmer
Her name la Marie Curtis and she
attends Northern High school, Detroit.
She is 16 years old.
There are two good reasons for
printing her picture she Is pretty
and she Is a peach of a swimmer and
looks like a coming champ.
She has been , swimming crawl
stroke since last December. "With
two weeks' training she'won the city
championship at 100 yards. She cap
tured the state title at 50 yards.
In January she started swimming
the back stroke. In a race -with
Thelma Darby, sensational Indian
apolis swimmer, she led in the race
for 35 yards, losing because of her inexperience.
On May 8 she swam 50 yards back
stroke in 39 3-5 seconds, one second
behind the world's mark set by Eth-
elda Blithely.
SPECIAL TRAIN FOR
HUN COAL THIEVES
WEIMAR. May 24. All German
plunderers need do is make a show
of force to get away with the loot
in the Some land. After a thousand
men had pillaged coal stacks near.
Nabrense, on the Baltic, they com
mandeered carts, hahled the coal to
a station, stopped 'a train and loaded
the fuel and started for Stettin. But
200 of the looters could not get on the j
coal train and the authorities sent a
special train and cleared the line for
it to take them to Stettin.
PLANE PARTIES ARE .
POPULAR IN LONDON
LONDON, May 24. Half-hour fly
ing parties are London's latest popu
lar sport. Three Handley-Page ma
chines carrying eight passengers each
are carrying the sensation seekers for
$5 a head. Other plane builders are
preparing to offer similar short
flights. Women enjoy the flights as
often as men, and family parties are
common.
MOVIES POPULARIZE
AMERICAN ENGLISH
LONDON, May 24. American Eng
lish is becoming international through
the motion picture film. American
pictures are more widely circulated .,
tha'n any other and captions and sub- j
titles in characteristic American ;
Blang "catch on" quickly where Eng
lish is spoken here and in other lands.
A British movie producer who tried
Anglicizing the American phrases met
vigorous protest from film fans.
TO AUCTION ENGLAND ESTATE
LONDON, May 24. A number of
the big country estates with which
England abounds, are going under
the auctioneer's hammer, judging
from the advertiselng pages of real
estate . journals. One advertisement
of a country house for sale says the
house contains fifty bedrooms. Old
timers are sadly asking whether the
"fifty bedroom" scale of entertaining
ever will be seen again.
BISBEE TRANSFER.
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite 'Depot
PHONES 640 and 5.
GERMANY PREPARING
FOR CITIZEN EXODUS
BERLIN, May 24. The exodus o?
the Hun3! That's what Cermany is
preparing for an exodus from the
home land. An emigration company
at Essen, with government approval.
Is preparing to send miners and farm
ers to Argentina and Brazil in great
numbers. The plans Contemplate-the
reduction of Germany's population by
20,000.000 through emigration, govern
ment fostered and with the same old
ties to the fatherland.
OIL OIL OIL
We have the following Oil Stock
for Sale
Texas Crude Oil Co.
Central Oil Co.
Burkbumett Victory Oil Co
O-Tex Production Co.
Invader Oil & Refining Co.
F. BRIGGS & COMPANY
Phone 701
P. O. Box 3007 Lowell
AMERICA WILL SEND
SIBERIA MACHINERY
VALUED AT MILLIONS
CHICAGO, May 24. Tens of mil
lions of dollars worth of. American
machinery will be sent to Siberia
from this country inside of a few
months after business relations are
again established between Russia and
America. The orders for this busi
ness are already on the desks ot
American manufacturers. The Siber
ians know exactly what they want. So
do the American manufacturers. And
on the day that peacetimes business!
r..
products into wood alcohol and other
derivatives. ,
"There is an American trade mis
sion at Vladivostok and we are anx
iously waiting to hear from them
that business can start again. At
present it takes two months to send
a letter to Vladivostok and shipments
of manufactured goods .are impossible
to arrange. We shall be thankful
when this is cleared up because it,
will result In -America selling stocks
of manufactured goods and will stimu
late new manufactures."
Bisbee Fuel and I! Lodge Notices
Feed Co.
COAL
WOOD
HAY
GRAIN
Chicken Feed
Phone 121 Office Below
Copper Queen Hotel
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
OK ST.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 1C,
Knights of Pythias,
meetB each Tuesday
(except second) in Odd
Fellows' Hall at 8:00
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
JACK CAIN, C. C.
W. E. McCALLUM. K. of R. S.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I., Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesday at old
Pythian Castle. Visiting Archers are
cordially invited.
F. W. TURNER, Foreman.
Phone Black 256, PO. Box 981. Warren.
E. D. STINSON,
. Correspondent, Box 1496.
Spring cleaning time is Here. Line
the shelves and boxes with paper.
They can be had for 25c a bundle at
The Review office.
arrangements are again in force be
tween western Asia and the United
States, there will be an automatic
release of a tremenbdus volume of
business.
"Look at this," sfjiuT Michael Edutis,
manager of the j Russian-American
Commercial Agency. f"This is an or
der from a Siberian co-operative paper
mill. They produce fs.000,000 pounds i
of paper a year. They want to erect !
another plant of the same size as !
tne one they are now; operating. And
here i3 another order from a 'co-operative
mill that produces 32,000,000
pounds of wood pulp a year. They are
making extensions of their plant.
"Another mill points to material go
ing to waste. They, have no machin
ery to utilize their sawdust and other
wood waste. They ask us to send
them machinery for elaborating these
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER & STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence, Black 333
C.H. HOGAN
'PHONE 121
Fire Insurance
Auto Insurance
Real Estate
Legal Blanks
Office below
Copper Queen Hotel
C; H. HOGAN
'PHONE 121
improved o r n p a
OP RED MPN
Meets First and Third
Wm ' 1 monta at Medigovich
4? J Hall. Visiting Broth
V jf ers cordially invited.
IJS THOS. HASTIE.
SAM VERRAN. C. of P. Sachem.
tX, Nil
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
Bisbee Lodge No
452, meets the 2d
and 4th Satur
days each monti
at 7:30 at New
Odd Fellows'
HalL Visiting members cordially In
vited. JULIA POOLE, President,
Phone 278. 1
GEO. POOLE, Treas., P. O. Box 2229.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Box 1621.
fir
!PSJi
L. M. PURCELL, R.
President
Bisbee Miners'
Union No. 125,
I n t ernational
Cnlon of Mine,
Mill & Smelter
Workers,"
meets every
Sunday night
at Philadel
phia hotel
bid?., at 7 p.m.
J. WILBERT.
Secretary.
10. I. O. O. F.
BISBEE LODGE NO.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd i
Fellows' Hall 1
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
uiuiuers coraiany invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
H. D. KINO, N. G.
G. A. PLUNKETT, Secy.
iWtT' JO
H. C AYRES
Contractor and .Builder
If you are planning a home
or building of any kind, es
timates furnished.
No Job too Small
None too Large
li
like li!
. ; ' -
DR. PLAYFA1R
Osteopath
98 Mason Hill Phone 897
Mason Hill Car Stop ;
Copper Otieen Hotel and High-Pass Cafe
pie best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
Am
v'rite today for booklet "B," explaining our system c
receiving deposits by mail, 4 compound Interest pal'
a 'you
At Santa Barbara . you are served with a varied
menu of diversion that gives you full play and full
sway that fits your leisure and suits your pleasure
from sun-up to go-to-bed! -
If you would luxuriate in superb hotels resorts
whose fame has hurdled State boundary, lines and
spanned the sea itself they are here! ' Or, if you
would prefer a modest bungalow, cottage, apart
ment or even a single room they are here, too!
At Santa Barbara your vacation is served just as
you like it, You do just as you please and when
you please. And your pleasure-program is so mapped
out that you may well have your
Entertainment a la carte
If, for example, you would like a dip in the Nor is this all ! Name any sport you wish
surf as the entree to your morning's fare here and it is here at Santa Barbara, at your beck
it is ! Or, perhaps, you will want to day-dream and call : golfing, tennis, motoring, hiking,
a bit on the sun-bathed beach or, likely as not, ' horseback riding, hunting, camping, dancing,
maneuvre a boat in deft fashion across the 'etc. a varied round of entertainment anrl rr-
reation that keeps you amused and enthused
the day long.
No matter what your vacation requirements
no matter how long or short your stay no
matter how much or little you may wish to
a
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and 4th Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' hall. Visiting
oiaieia are cordially invited.
ELSIE CALEY, M. E. C,
Phone Black 333.
OLIVE BAILEY, M. of R. C,
J Phone 719.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANIC
Mtets in "I. O. O. F.
Eall First and Third
Saturdays. VI sit In
rothers welcome.
J. L. BENTON. Councillor.
P. L. WOODMAN, Jr.. Rec. Secy.
Warren District Soldiers' and Sail
ors' club meets in I. O. O. F. hall first
and third Wednesday nights in each
month. Ex-soldiers and sailors cordial
ly welcome. H. C. Haines, Com
mander.. Adv.
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
E. B. MATHEWS. Exalted Ruler
C. W. HICKS. Secretary.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Cbsoo in. 1!"
Meets 1st Saturday
Medigovich HalL
S. T. MOSS, Consul
iL F. MATHEWtfON,
sun-lit waters.
Or, again, if you have followed in the wake
of Isaak Walton, you will be up and stirrin'
when most folk have turned back for their
forty winks; and you will head for Santa
Barbara Channel where game fish are always spend you can rest assured that Santa Barbara
ready for a lively tussle. will suit your purse and purpose.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
night. Moose Hall.
Visiting brothera cor
dially Invited.
I. A. ROSOK.
Dictator.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADNAUGHT
" U O. U NO. 210, ;
meets in I. O.
O..F. Hall 2na
and 4 th Wed
nesday at 7:30
p. m.
VisiUng Broth
ers ; cordially
Invited to attend.
WM. T. d MIT HAN, W. M.
; ; ROBERT FERGUS, Secte.
P. O. Uox 426. Bls
For detailed information as to accommodations, rates, etc., address the
SANTA BARBARA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE, Santa Barbara, California
A
ORDER OF EASTERN STAR
meets In Ifasonlo HaB
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meets
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of , each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. HELENA RAGSDALE, W. M.,
Phone 500.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, SeCy, P. O.
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com
Phone 471.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLE8
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175, F. O.
E., meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, 8 p. m..
Eagles' Hall.
Visiters cor
d tally welcome.
EDWIN OLLERENSHAW, Prea.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDMI7ND80N. Aerie Physlcl&B.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 48 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:I
p. m., Finnish hall.
R. A. WOOD. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clfrfc.
All Woodmen Invited. EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MAY 25, 1919
EXPECT REPORT SOON
ON BANKHEAD ROUTE
THRU THIS SECTION
BIRMINGHAM. Ala., May 24.
(Special) At the April meeting: of
the Bankhead National Highway as
sociation in Mineral Wells, Texas, a
Pathfinding commission was created
and put in charge of J. A. Rountree,
Director General of the United States
Good Roads association, and secretary
of the Bankhead National Highway
association, and authorized to inspect
the various proposed routes for the
Fankhead National Highway from
EI Paso to the Pacific Coast. The
commission appointed was composed
of Messrs.. A. G. Batchelder, Execu
tive Chairman or the American Auto
mobile association M. O. Eldridge,
Senior Engineer of the Department of
Public Roads, and C. A. Beasley,
Clerk of the United States Senate
Committee on Postoffice and Post
Roads.
This commission left El Paso on
April 21st, accompanied by. Ex-Congressman
T. S Plowman, President
of the Bankhead National Highway
association, and proceeded to inspect
the- various proposed routes in New
Mexica, Arizona and California. The
commission was escorted by dele
gates from town to town in the va
rious states, was given banquets,
lunches, was extended every courtesy
and was furnished with maps, data,
statistics and all information neccs
sary for the commission to select the
most feasible route from EI Paso to
the Pacific ocean.
The commission was given every
assurance by state highway officials,
county and city officials that if their
respective routes were selected they
would comply with all of the require
ments of the government and the
Bankhead National Highway asso
ciation in building the highway
through their respective sections.
The commission traveled over 25,
000 miles, visited over 50 towns and
cities and passed over some of the
worst roads in the country, as well
as some of the best in the United
States. They found the people en
thusiastic and very desirous of being
a part of the great trans-continental
' highway, which will be the only 365
day national highway in the country.
The commission disbanded at El
Paso, Texas, and returned to their
respective hemes. They will meet
in Washington within the next fifty
days, consider their field notes, make
up their decision and report the same
to Ex-Congressman T. S. Plowman,
President of the Bankhead National
Highway association, who will call
a. meeting of the Board of the-Directors
to accept, reject or amend'the
pathfinders report.
After the pathfinders' report has
been passed upon, this will complete
the inspection and designating of the
Bankhead National Highway from
Washington to the Pacific coast
Over two-thirds of the route has
been officially adopted by state leg
islatures, state highway commission
ers, county bfficials, and half of the
road is permanently bufil. Much en
thusiasm prevails along the entire
route and it is believed that this
highway will be the first the govern
ment will takeover as its own.
JAPS DRINK MORE AS
U, S. IS VOTED DRY
TOKIO, May 24. "We have made
a matter of one milliard and a half
yen out of the war, and. flushed by
this sudden gain, are drinking more
deeply, than in pre-war days, while
in the country across the Pacific the
people, in spite of having come into
possession of thirty milliard yen,
know how to restrain themselves, and
have decided unanimously to go dry.
No wonder that tne Japanese, who are
Incapable of understanding the Ameri
can ideals, cannot interpret the in
tervention of the United States in
tho war otherwise than as being
prompted by sinister motives." These
are the words of Ozaki. Japanese
thinker and writer, criticising , his
countrymen's suspicion of America.
U. S. PACKERS READY
TO SHIP HUNS MEAT
ANTWERP, May 24. American
packers are all set to rush meat into j
Germany when all limitations are lift
ed. Huge meat trucks specially con
structed are btationed at Dutc,h and
Belgian ports and will give the states
a big lead.
11111113 imilii
SHEEP THAN IN 1914
T'KRLIN. May .24. Germany has
more sheep than in 1914. While hogs
and cattle were nearly exterminated
by the demand for food, sheep were
protected because of ihe go rat need ol
wool.
FREE MATCHES AGAIN
IN LONDON CAFES
LONDON. May 2t. Fre matches
are making their appearanres on
!mokers' tables in London cafes again
after tn att-tnc of nearly ta :jr.
FOUR BILLION DOLLARS
IN LOOT LEFT BRITISH
BY FLEEING HUN ARMY
NAMUR, May 24. Four billion dol
lars! That's the most conservative esti
mate of the value of the war loot
captured from the Oerman army by
the British because of the haste of
the Hun retreat.
Eight hundred barge loads, each car
rying 500 tons!
Twenty thousand trucks!
And these hold only a part of the
treasure.
Some of the loads were coming in
to to supply the German army. Some
were cargoes taken from the allies
and loaded for shipment ta Germany.
But the latter was the lesser part.
One barge carried 400 tons of iron
bolts.
In one small area was seized 30,000
tony of chicory, 100,000 candles, 1100
tons, of soda, 200 dynamos, 1000 farm
implements, 8000 shovels; and pick
axes. In one sale of loot 90,0000 stoves
have been disposed of, mostly to Bel
gians and French.
A cargo of rags was bid up to $350
a ton before the auctioneer discovered
what the bidders already had learned,
that the rags covered a store of cop
per. 1
Here is just a parital list of the ar
ticles seized and now being sold by
the disposal board: Brooms, buckets,
trench mirrors, dried tripe, toilet
paper, water bottles, hammers, lamps,
pumps, blunderbuses, carbide, beds,
spring mattresses, mousetraps, bells,
rotary pumps, wheel-barrows, harness,
mosquito "netting (by the 1000 yards),
churns, oil, paint, shovels, wire cut
ters, bags, paper string, paper bags,
medical stores, huts, field forges, uni
forms, bells. Klaxon horns, gas alarm
sirens.
Housecleaning time is Here and you
will need lots of clean papers under
your carpets, rugs and on shelves.
Get them at the Review office in
25-cent bundles. A-27
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
BISBEE-COM ANCH E OIL AND DE
VELOPMENT Company
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE
PRESENTS: That we, the undersign
ed, C. T. HOWARD, whose residence
and Postoffice address is Bisbee, Arl
xona, W. G. BRYAN, whose residence
and Postoffice is Bisbee, Arizona, and
T. P. Quinn, whose residence and Post-
office address is Bisbee, Arizona, have
associated ourselves together for the
purpose of forming a corporation un
der', the laws of the ' State of Arizona,
and to that end have adopted and do
hereby subscribe to the following
Articles of Incorporation:
ARTICLE I.
The corporate name of said corpo
ration shall be
BISBEE-COM ANCHE OIL. AND DE-
VEIXJPMENT COMPANY,
and its pricipal place of business shall
be at Bisbee, Cochise County, Arizona,
but said corporation may have branch
offices in any other state or country,
whatever.
. ARTICLE II.
The general nature of the business
proposed to be transacted by said cor
poration Is the following: To mine,
dig for, or otherwise obtain from the
earth, petroleum, rock or carbon oils,
natural gas .other volatile mineral sub
stances and salt; to manufacture, re
fine, prepare for market, buy, Bell,
and transport the same in the crude
or refined condition; to acquire for
I
Gas Fired Water
1
For Attaching
to Yow
Range Boiler
Bisbee
tnese purposes gas ana on ianusf
leaseholds, and other interests in real
estate and gas, oil and other rights,
to construct and maintain conduits
and lines of tubing and piping for the
transportation of natural gaa or oil
for the public generally as well aa for
the use of said corporation; to trans
port such oil and gas by means of
such pipes, tank cars or otherwise and
to sell and supply the same to others;
to lay, buy, lease, sell and operate
pipes, pipe lines and storage tanks to
be used for the purpose of transport
ing and storing oils and gas, and of
doing a general pipe line and storage
business; to construct and maintain
gas wells, oil wells, salt wells and re
fineries, and to buy, sell and deal in
eas. oil and salt: to construct and
maintain all railways, tramways, tele
graph and telephone lines necessary
or convenient In the prosecution of
the business of the company; to cut,
manufacture and sell timber from the
lands of the company; to obtain and
prepare for market such other valu
able minerals or materials as may be
discovered in developing the lands of
the company; to carry on in connec
tion with any or. all of said purposes
the business of buying and selling
goods, wares and merchandise; and to
do and transact all business properly
connected with or incidental to any
or all of said objects and purposes.
To acquire the good will, rights,
property and assets of all kinds and
to undertake the whole or any part of
the liabilities 6f any person, firm, as
sociation or corporation, on such terms
and conditions as may be agreed on,
and to pay for the same in cash,
stocks, bonds, debentures, or other se
curities of this Corporation or other
wise; to acquire and undertake all or
any part of the business, assets and
liabilities of any person, firm, asso
ciation or corporation.
To join or consolidate with, and to
enter Into agreements and co-operative
relations not in contravention of
law with any persons, firms, associa
tions or corporation, governmental,
municipal or otherwise, in and about
the carrying on and out of all or any
of the purposes! of this company.
The corporation may conduct its
business in other states, territories
and possession ef the United States,
and in foreign countries, and may have
one office or more than one office, and
keep the books of the company out
side of the State of Arizona, except
as may be otherwise provided by law;
and may hold, purchase, mortgage and
convey real and personal property
either in or out of the State of Ari
zona. ARTICLE 1IL
The amount of capital siock author
ized of this corporation is One Hun
dred Eighty Thousand ($180,000) Dol
lars, to consist of one hundred eighty
thousand (180,000 shares, of the par
value each of one (?1) dollar; and the
time when' and the conditions upon
which it is to be paid in are: that as
as soon as practicable after organiza
tion the company will issue' all or the
greater portion of said stock for prop
erties contemplated to be- "purchased
by said corporation, situate in the
State of Texas.
ARTICLE IV.
The time of the commencement and
the termination of the corporation are
as follows: Said corporation shall
commence upon the issuance by the
Arizona Corporation of a Certificate
of Incorporation to it as required by
law; and it shall terminate twenty
five years thereafter.
ARTICLE V.
The officers, orf persons, by whom
the affairs of the corporation are to
be conducted, and time at which they
are to be elected are as follows:
There shall be a board of five direc
tors, but the number of the directors
may be either five or seven, as the
stockholders may from time to time
determine at the annual meeting, or at
any special meeting called for such
purpose. The names of the directors
i until the annual meeting of 1920, are
(as follows: C. T. Howard, Dr. W. G.
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
Bryan, W. R. Johnson, W. F. Cowan
and L. R. Davison, of whom C. T.
Howard shall be President, W. G.
Bryan, Vice President, L. R. Davison,
Secretary, and W. F. Cowan, Treas
urer. It shall be competent for the stock
holders, or directors, to provide foi. or
to appoint a general manager of the
affairs of the corporation ,and to cre
ate such other officers as may be ne
cessary to carry on the business of
the company.
The annual meetings of the com
pany shall be held on the first Mon
day of May of each year hereafter, the
first annual meeting to be held in
1920.
V.
The highest amount of indebtedness
or liability, direct or contingent, to-
which the corporation is at any time
to subject itself shall 3e two-hirds of
the amount of its capital stock.
VI.
The private property of the stock
holders is to be exempt from liability
for the corporate debts.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, we
have hereunto set our hands at Bis
bee, Arizona, this 7th day of May, 1919
C. T. HOWARD.
W. G. BRYAN.
T. P. QUINN.
STATE OF ARIZONA,
Couny of Cochise, ss.
This instrument was acknowledged
before me this 7th day of May, 1919,
by C. T. HOWARD, W. G. BRYAN and
T. P. QUINN.
(SEAL)
ALEXANDER MURRY,
Notary Public.
(My commission expires August 6,
1921.)
Filed in the office of the Arizona
Corporation Commission this 9th day
of May, 1919, at 2:00 p. m. at request
of Flanigan & Murry, whose postoffice
address is Bisbee, Arizona.
ARIZONA CORPORATION COMMIS
SION.
By AMOS A. BETTS, Chairman.
Filed and recorded at request of
Sell
See Us :
For Your
Next Pair
Heater
, .1;
H If '
IU ; ' I'"?
r ! I"
i-t ; I
if i '.I
$ !t
f ' I
11
Flanigan & Murry.
STATE OF ARIZONA.,
County of Cochise.
I, Ray B. Krebs, County Recorder in
and for the County and State afore
said do hereby certify that the within
instrument was filed for record at 1
p .m. on May 14, 1919, and duly re
corded in Book No. 7 of Incorporations
records of Cochise ' County, Arizona,
at pages 526-7-8.
Witness my hand and official seal
the day and year first above written.
RAY B. KREBS,
(SEAL) County Recorder.
By H. L. HUTCHISON, Deputy.
OFFICE OF THE
ARIZONA CORPORATION COM
MISSION UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF ARIZONA ss.
The Arizona Corporation Commis
ion does hereby certify that the an
nexed is a true and complete tran
enpt of the
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF
ISBEE-COMANCHE -OIL AND DE-
VELOPMENT COMPANY
which were filed in the office of said
Arizona Corporation Commission
the 9th day of May. A. D 1919. at 2
In Testimony Whereof, the Arizona
Corporation Commission, by its chair
man, has hereunto set its hand and af
fixed its Official Seal. Done ai the
City of Phoenix, the Capitol, this 9th
ill
mm
HI
mm
'VMS!
m
mm
mm
Mm
mm
mm
lit.
iZH t All I
When you
pound 16 oz.
no v b"mp put' on
Pp sure you are
mm
TliJ ff.il fl II II I III M I WAl I L1W rj JilT
m 'il1 Till s-F3?3zT4Xr I hi
I Ml I I'll:! - f J" - '-- II''
fill!) m
weights with Calumet.
jday oi May, A. D., 1913.
j ARIZONA CORPORATION COMMIS-
j lON.
(SEAL) AMOS A. BETTS.
Chairman.
STETZEK,
Secretary.
Attest:
A. E.
IN? THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE
$tate of Arizona, in and for the
County of Cochise.
CITATION
In the matter of the Estate of Matt
Slautz, Deceased.
To A. F, Borrego, administrator of
the estate of Matt Slautz, deceased;
Alice B. Brown, the person who claims
an interest in the estate of said deced
ent, and John Doe, Jane Doe, Mary
Roe and Richard Roe, whose true
names are unknown, and who are
therefore mentioned by fictitious
namea:
Alice B. Brown, having on the 14tl
day of May, 1919, filed in this Court
a petition praying that this Court
ascertain and declare the rights of all
; persons interested in the above named
; should be made;
You are .hereby required to appear
before this Court on the 26th day of
July, 1919, and set forth the nature and
! extent of your respective claims in
and to the property of the estate of
HIT P - I A " ' I a
il'k llll I Mil I ill I II lllll I'll J
1 1 - - n v mm
cakes, cookies, biscuits and
every thing else in which bak
ing powder is used all whole
some and tasty when you use
EST BY TEST"
The Nation's best baking
powder and best suited to every baking
need. On the market for thirty years.
Long past the experimental stage. Use
Calumet and prevent waste and failures..
It is always reliable always
the same uniform in strength. You
save when you buy it. You save when
you use it. This makes it the most
economical of all leaveners.
Made in the world's
largest, finest and most sanitary
baking powder factory. Used by
the Army and Navy millions of
housewives and thousands of
chefs and domestic scientists.
NOTE
buy a pound of Calumrt you pet a full
Some hicrb priced bakinp powders are
the market in 12 -oz. cans instead ol a pound
Retting a pound when you want it. No short
said decedent, the same being person
al property.
Witness, the Hon. Alfred C. Lock
wood, Judge of the Superior Court,
Tombstone, Cochise County, Arizona,
this 15th day of May, 1919.
Attest: J. E. JAMES,
(Seal) Clerk of the Superior Court.
NOTICE OF INTENDED SALE
Notice is hereby given that F. W.
Ritter, trading and doing business as
Lowell Drug company, in the City of
Lowell, County of Cochise, State of
Arizona, Intends to, and will sell to
Howard H. Givens of Los Angeles,
California, all that stock of Druss,
Druggists' Sundries, Sundries, Fix
tures, Furniture, apparatus, appliances
and appurtenances, all of which are
contained in the store situated in the
City of Lowell, County of Cochise,
State of Arizona, including the good
will of said business; at tea (10)
o'clock A. M., Saturday, 14th June,
1919, and that the purchase price will
be paid to the said F. W. Ritter by the
said Howard H. Givens at the office
of the Brunswick Drug company, 501
North Main street, City of Los An
geles. Dated at Lowell, Arizona, May 21,
1919. .
F. W. RITTER.
Witness, J. L. WINTERS.
ASM
Hi?! ri,.i
0TMADEBYTHt'
r at M r
V FT Ram)-. PO y
m f
WW THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MAY 23, T9Tflf
jBWHWAasKsfw f. f iv ;T NINE
I
t
-I
?
I .y . .. V ?:AP4:v;,i':::i.v1
' 'v Y5 " .-. ---V-
j -
88 -
j i ra i
j1- "
i: -f'
vTw: ?-- -? VS 7 V r --- -
r-V
-Ob , .- V - -
T TnLITY sticks out all over
thi3 model. That's why
we call it The Wearabout.
Sturdy leather to fctart with
strong of body, fine in
grain. Add to thi3 charac
teristic BUCKHECHT work
manship and you begin to
appreciate its superior wear
ing qualities. A neat-looking,
capable shoe for all-around
w
- 1 r : . t- (. 1;.-..
-
mi "Tin ii i
1? JJXl
Lwear a shoe that will stand
up under everyday usage
without whine or whimper.
THIS model illustratesthe
BUCKHECHT policy to
put into each shoe only
top-grade materials, top
notch workmanship and
top-most ralue. When you
buy The Maximo you
are buying a shoe of
maximum wear and
comfort at an extremely
moderate price. You
will like it, too, for its
clean-cut styling sane,
sober and sensible.
li::
wmm
ft
, "A M -A
:ast--- : w.yj'.iit. w -
JtW nr .
KB",!::;:::!!?' :r-: - x U II.
-if .it::. -I.. . 1, . n
N3H
- "M
j.yasrfyygH . ; , - ,.::;mAiaaitiWJTtrffliim
55 fT ni-i-i "' .i w"iiiiini wiMi;,k,
TEE first tMng that goes into a BUCKHECHT
Shoe is the last thing you'd ever dream of
going into a shoe. We call it an ideal.
It's something you don't see when you buy
that's true ! It's something tucked away
underneath hut it's there, just the same.
And what is this BUCKHECHT ideal-
what is this spirit that has animated this
business ever since its estabHshment .in
the early fifties? Simply this:
To give you a shoe that looks well and
feels every bit as good as it looks; a shoe
that fits as a shoe , ought to fit and that
comes up to your every expectation in
wear and service!
Take these BUCKHECHT . Shoes for
example. Stalwart specimens, every one!
Notice their clean-cut, sensible styling;
nothing extreme or foppish about them.
Every one a man's shoe for a man's man.
Sturdy, dependable and dressy withaL
just such a shoe as
. ..... i
No matter what your shoe require
ments may be remember this:j from
rugged, outdoors to; everyday indoors -there's
a BUCKHECHT Shoe for every purse
and purpose.' Always look for the name
BUCKHECHT when you buy. You'll find it
. stamped on every shoe for your protection!
Buckhecht Shoes range in price from $6.50 to 10.00.
BUCKINGHAM & HECHT
Established in the Early Fifties
Manufacturers San Francisco
BUCKHECHT Shoes
dealers in the West.
supplied, 6end us his
A Ah
1: y-j . , '
. eta . . -
. ..
t t t -
appeals to you !
are carried by principal
If your dealer is not
name and order direct.
a- ' Jl III
" i
1 TTERE is good style for j-r---. iuC '
JL-L you and everything l w im itSStTT T" ."; . Tt .JLZiSbJ
jE else that belongs I Trim, j
t trig and altogether effec-
tive Tie Bilttvell is a 1
good example of good taste, A zj
good style and good -p'-' V " V
E workmanship comiincdL j" ' ' 1
E ' An English-last model t ri
E with plenty of -swing" ttU V -
. to it; and, in addition, i ' A j
that dependable eerv- - ; '
ice-quality you have j
; come to expect in every 4 If i x j
BUCKHECHTShoe. i V ; f
I I ,fVi.-.tf tW.-.z:V;ii. y- , V ;V i -
. t - ' z
,
: " ?' ' V'' 1
. .j - . .. V I
1 f - ' ' , -1 - v 1 1 1
f ........ -.
1 ttr,V y,. ;s.; . .. .y -
SF. .vk I Wmiii it is-true that B
. ., jgyyz I Y every BUCKHECHT EEEg
TVTHILE it is true that
T every BUCKHECHT
Shoe is designed with an
eagle eye to comfort the
model here shown is espe
cially notable in this respect.
For foot-ease and foot-freedom
for sheer shoe satisfac
tion permit us to commend
The Comforter. A sturdy, j
sensible shoe that depends
on sound materials and
thorough workman5hip for
its unu&ual wearing qualities.
I l'l l f III I III I " """ THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, . SUNDAY, MAY 251919
II 8 MISSIONARY RFIATFK RHAMFFIII HORVATH NOV RULES
1 v; ; 1 in eastern Siberia
1 Alio ur w mmt ur b
TEN
PEKING, May 24. (Correspondent
of The Associated Press) The Rever
end Edward V. Thwing, oriental secre
tary of the International Reform Bu
reau, who was in Korea in Marcn
and personally witnesed some of the
disturbances resulting from the Ko
rean Independence movement, de
clares that "the lower Japanese offi
cials and soldiers have acted like
Jawlea savages In dealing with this
peculiar situation." The movement in
Korea is described by the Reverend
TUr. Thwin.?, who formerly was an
American missionary as "a peaceful
revolt which, should have been
bandied with the greatest of tact."
"The remarkable manner," he said
to The Associated Press, "the Korean
Independence movement has manifest
ed skill, courage and organization has
been a great surprise to many. It has
shown, more than ever before, how
unreasonable, without justice, cruel
in his own yard, and looking on,
but doing nothing else.
"Women knocked down with
guns, and kicked into the ditch.
Tortured at Police Station
"These and many other things 1
have seen with my own eyes. Other
foreigners have seen the same and
worse. One can little Imagine the
reign of terror in all parts of this land,
at the very time when the Japanese
peace delegates are talking of 'human
ity and justice and equality of races.
They don't know the meaning of these
words. And the punishment aiid tor
tures at the police stations and jails
make a still more awful story. I have
seen men who were beaten on wood
en crosses by the Japanese.
"And why is all this cruel punish
ment given? Not for rioting, or for
resisting arrest. I have not seen one
case of this; not for carrying danger
ous weapons, they have none; but juste
and brutal the military rule of Japan I for shouting out the desire of their
is in this land. I could hardly believe hearts for the independence or tneir
' -"-
f v -it
I -J i I
x t.&, Sri!?
country.
these things if I had not seen them
with my own eyes.
Japs Beat Little Children
"The police and soldiers have ar
rested old men and little children and
cruelly beaten them. Little girls on China in 189
only ten vears of atre. women and agent of the
school girls have been
The Reverend Edward W. Thwing
is a native of Boston, Mass., and be
came a Presbyterian missionary to
He was legislative
International Reform
shamefully! Bureau at the world conference of na-
treated and subjected to physical. ons n opium at imna in xjvj, aim
punishment and tortue for no other I speaks and reads the Japanese and
o.imo -fcrnitino- nrJth nonnofiii ! Chinese languages. He has been ac-
HORVATH
' Horvath will play an important
part in the reorganization of Russia,
He has been made civil as well as
military goernor of Eastern Siberia,
under the All-Russian Omsk govern
ment. He-is vice-president of the Inter-Allied
Commission la Eastern Si
beria and is looked upon with favor
by the American government.
enthusiasm for their own country and
crying out for the Independence which
Japan had guaranteed by solemn
treaties.
"These things have been witnessed
not by one or two but by scores of
missionaries and others in many parts
of Korea during March. If the world
could only know about these things
they would certainly heed this cry
tive in organizing anti-opium societies
in China at the request of -the presi
dent of the Chinese republic. His i
headquarters have been at Peking.
SHELL HOLES BREED
DISEASE IN BELGIUM
BRUSSELS, May 24. Thousands of
shell holes filled with stagnant water )
threaten malaria and typhoid epidem-j
of distress from an oppressed people. lies in Belgium. First step in rebuild
POSING' FOR MOVIES
CHINAMAN WINS $100
PARIS. May 24. Takes a Chinaman
to improve each passing opportunity
to gather in a bit of coin.- Chinese
laborers with the American xpedi
tionary force were forbidden to play
a certain popular oriental gambling
But the Japanese are doing all theyj ing the country is the Improvement
can to keep the world from knowing of sanitary conditions. Along the
the truth. A report has just come! Yser extensive planting of potatoes
that in one city, from which letters i8 undertaken on the lands which are
have been sent, they are making it
very hard for the missionaries, even
hinting at deportation, unless they
step telling out the truth.
"The following are some of the
things that I have actually seen with
my own eyes :
"Small school boys knocked
down and cruelly beaten by Japa
nese soldiers. This was not a
question of arresting them, but
savage unjustifiable barbarism.
' "Soldiers stop and deliberately,
fire Into a crowd composed only
of girls and women, who were
simply shouting 'Mansei.'
"A small boy of ten years shot
through the back.
i"An unresisting old man of 65
years, pounded, kicked and beaten
by several Japanese -soldiers,' un- -
i til he could not walk.
School Girls Assaulted
"A crowd of about twenty
school girls, wb.o were quietly
. walking along the public road, not
even shouting, chased by soldiers,
beaten with guns, knocked down,
and so shamefully treated that it
made one's blood boil.
"Japanese , firemen, chasing
boys and girls,1 with long iron
f hooks trying to catch them with
, them.
"A Korean In a hospital, para
lyzed, with his head crushed in
with one of these hooks.
' "A roan dying, shot through
, the back.
"One hundred men with torn, and
' bloody clothes, tied together with
: ropes, taken to jail.
"Two Koreans so injured that
' they could not walk, tied down on
a springless cart and brought to
to jail.
"Men standing by, having no .
connection with the demonstra-.
tion, and yet knocked about, and
attacked by soldiers, who will at
tack anyone, without regard to
what they are doing.
"An American missionary .
roughly arrested, while standing
being leveled.
MIRROR DROP CURTAIN
CONFUSES LATE COMER
' LONDON, May 24. A gigantic mir
ror drop curtain has been Installed in
a London theater, to the confusion
of persons who arrive just before the
curtain rises and see the faces of earl
ier arriavl3 who they must crowd
pasL It's a fine thing for preening
women, though!
I game, but for a pnotograpnie record
for the army service corps a group of
them was asked to make a few passes.
The equipment was quickly and mys
teriously produced and the spectators
asked to put up some money. Then
the pictures were taken. Afterward
the officers learned that the dealer
cleaned up about $100 while the pic
tures were being taken.
Thousands of people every
morning start the day right by
including The Bisbee Daily
Review with their breakfast
Why not you?
BB,jfljm i" - -- ny1- - iKi FiMMnurm luff in V mm - -----'r -fl
ySkf1 Ordinary Oa Veedol JV
f vv after um after u nJP 5
Engineering tests thow that a large VV- afe- )! I
lv iv proportion of ordinary oil ii turned rfVtT'v B
bricating value. Veedol formi 80 ShsSf III B
per cent, lesa sediment (ban ordf WSyi-J I B
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT IN THE
County of
zona.
Cochise, State of Art-
How
of
the U. S. Bureau
Standards tests
Bisbee Lumber Company a Corpo
ration, Plaintiff, vs. Ramon R. Flo-
res, Defendant.
3051. .Action brought in the Supe
rior Court of the State of Arizona,
In and for the County of Cochise and
the Complaint filed in the said Coun
ty of Cochise, in the office of the
Clerk of said Superior Court
The State of Arizona Sends Greet
ing: Ramon R. Flores.
Vou are hereby required to appear
In an action brought against you by
the above named Plaintiff in the Su
perior Court of the State of Arizona.
In and for the County of Cochise, and
to answer the complaint filed therein
within twenty days (exclusive of the
day of service) after the service on
you of this summons (If served within
the county, otherwise within thirty
days) or Judgment by default will be
taken against you according to the
prayer of said complaint.
Given under my hand and the Seal
of the Superior Court of the State of
Arizona, in and for the County of
Cochise, this 15th day of May, in the
year of our Lord, one thousand nine
hundred and nineteen.
J. E. JAMES, Clerk.
Automobile Oils
Do you know the greatest weakness of ordinary automobile oils?
Do you know the chief cause of wear and expense? Do you
know how the U. S. Bureau of Standards tests automobile oils
what tests this Bureau considers most important?
You will find the answers to these questions in the U. S. Bureau
of Standards Technologic Paper No. 73 "Data on the Oxidation
of Automobile Cylinder Oils." (Address, Superintendent of
Documents, Washington, D. C). This explains how motor oil
is tested for sediment the same famous test that has shown
how Veedol reduces friction and wear, by reducing sediment.
Veedol is made by the special and exclusive Faulkner Process,
i that causes it to resist heat, and reduces
sediment 80 per cent. That means less
friction, less wear on your engine, less
oil MTMnSA
WESTERN VULCANIZING
' SHOP
- Phone 612
,
c
1
-Also-
LOWELL MOTOR CO.
HYDE & HYDE : :
McCOY & KINMORE :
REAY & JOHNSON :
BAINHART & CARSON
STADLEY & LESTER
: : : : LOWELL
JOHNSON ADDITION
JOHNSON ADDITION
: : : DOUGLAS
: : : : DOUGLAS
: : : DOUGLAS
WM.KOCK : : : : : CENTRAL BRIDGE
COCHISE MOTOR CO. : : : : BISBEE
A
Texas Crude Wins Everywhere
BURKBURNETT
STUPENDOUS values have been added to the TEXAS CRUDE OIL CO.'S holdings in the Burkbur
nett field as a result of the recent rapid development of new, big wells. TEXAS CRUDE has five wells
in this section. No. 1 , is now in production. No. '2 is drilling at a depth probably of 1 ,200 feet by the
time this appears in print. This well, together with No. 4, also drilling, is located in Block 63 in the
area made famous by the BURK-WAGGONER, the GOLDEN CYCLE, the Hardins. the Herndon and
the United. Well No. 3 is drilling and Is expected to be down 400 to 500 feet by the time this is printed.
No. 4 well in the Triangle lease also is drilling. TEXAS CRUDE'S development in this field has been sen
sational and the great bulk of it has been accomplished within the last two or three weeks. It is impos
sible to predict to what extent the company's stock will be advanced in price as new wells come in be
side those already famous.' . T
RANGER
RANGER'S oil production . continues to leap.
The new COTTON well came in immediately
adjoining TEXAS CRUDE'S No. 3 well on the J.
O. Sue tract, where a standard rig lias been com
pleted and drilling operations will be started at
once. The COTTON is believed likely to be an
even greaterwell than the NORWOOD which has
been" the greatest sensation of the RANGER field.
TEXAS CRUDE'S No. 2 well is drilling on another
lease close to the Norwood and in the vicinity of
the CONNELLEE, the HARRIS, the ROPER, the
EMMA TERRELL and the HUMBLE-SCOTT,
all tremendous producers of high grade oil. TEXAS
CRUDE'S No. 1 well, formerly the Ranger Worth,,
is the scene of much activity and will soon be in op
eration again. A change of plans here and a de
cision to send this well down to the deepest sands
necessitated a change of rig and tools and resulted
in some delay. . .iiL.'...
OTHER FIELDS
nPEXAS CRUDE'S Hood county well No. 1 is
down 2,625 feet and is in the gas on top of
the black lime. This well will be deepened into
the oil just as soon as the necessary equipment can
be obtained. The company's Bosque county
deep test well is down 350 feet and will be drilled
to the deep sands as rapidly as possible. This
well is located amid many shallow producers but is
being sent deep in the belief that big production
will be developed: TEXAS CRUDE is drilling its
No. 6 well at Goose Creek, where it already has five
producing wells and another valuable well is an
ticipated. The company also has three wells in
production at Humble and one at West Columbia
where the Crown Oil Company's well recently
came in with 3,000 barrels daily production.
TEXAS CRUDEhas extensive acreage for future
operations in Mitchell, Hardin, Milam, Brown,
Matagorda and Vebb counties, a total of over 50,
000 acre3.- ... j vr--
Tbxas Crude Has 11 Wells Producing
7 Wells Drilling and 4 Ready to Drill!
What Other Company Can Boast of Such Success?
TEXAS CRUDE is an assured success. It is "over the top" ! !CV. The fact that a limited amount of sfoc!
stiil available is merely due to the fact that the men who have made TEXAS CRUDE are men of GC.
FAITH, with themselves, with the stockholders, with their associates and with the public.
When this great company was organized, it was announced that a certain amount of money would be required for
the development of its properties and an allotment of stock was made for sale at par to provide these funds. There
was a quick rush of subscribers, but before the company's production of OIL AND GAS and the tremendously
increased value of its properties made it apparent that the amount of money estimated was in excess of the actual
needs.
However, the men who founded TEXAS CRUDE had agreed to' sell a specified amount; and THEiR WORD IS
GOOD. They will sell just this much and no more. -' The opportunity to obtain a portion of this stock will be open
for only a brief time. The price then will be advanced in accordance with the demand of the market and . the
chances will be against any private buyer "getting in."
It is not unreasonable to predict for TEXAS CRUDE a future comparable, with such mighty successes as the SIN
CLAIR OIL. COMPANY, the GULF PRODUCTION COMPANY, the SUN, the HUMBLE, the FOWLER, the
TEXAS COMPANY and all of those tremendous dividend payers which are familiar to everyone and whose prop
erties adjoin and in some cases practically surround the leases and drilling sites of the TEXAS CRUDE OIL COM
PANY. AH of these companies once sold at par or less. Now each share is a fortune.
" a.
Another Dividend Will Be Paid Soon
TSXAS CRUDE earned its first dividends out of the production of its first seven shallow wells and paid that divi
dend in cash on April fifteenth. The Southwestern Oil Journal of May seventeenth, page eighteen, shows
TEXAS CRUDE production for quarter ending March thirty-first. .7,502 barrels,' bringing $9,375.00. This is
from their first seven shallow wells in the Gulf Coast, fields. Since then two more wells have been brought in in
that field, and the Burkburnett on the Triangle lease is makingbetter than 300 barrels per day according to the run
tickets of the Texas Pipeline Company, copies of which we have in our office. Since April 15th the company's
properties have enormously increased in value because of its own NEW WELLS and those of its immediate neigh
bors. ANOTHER DIVIDEND will be paid on or before July 1 5. If YOU missed the FIRST one, DON'T miss
the SECOND. There will be OTHERS as rapidly as the company's production grows and the value of its prop
erties increases. The allotment of stock for sale to the public at the par value of $1,00 a share is limited and is
-going fast. -;You MUST hurry to get YOUR part., . ..... . . , .: ' .v , '
WIRE YOUR ORDERS NO W AT OUR EXPENSE
In case or oifrsuhMriptlou of UilsIirst 12 per crut olTrrluu "e rfm tU right
lo rrluru jour niHar.
E. S. WHITE CO.. lNtrirl AcienK
2tK N. Oregon sirrrt.
Kl Paso, Texas.
19.
I hereby subscribe Tor '. ( ) shares of tlie capital
stork of the TEXAS Utlbi-; oil. r.oMPA.NY at the ar value or One Dollar (fl.uu).
It is understood that this stock is Kuaranteed to pay TWELVE PER CENT
ye-ir now. the company's present production warranting this- payment, and that
1 will share In all the additional carninfrs of the company, accruing; from this
development of all its great holdings in the various oil fields of Texas.
Enclosed please find...
for the stock subscribed.
.Daliars (f ), In full payment
.Name
Address
Texa? Crude production Is now more than sufficient lo guarantee ij per cit
dividends.
COMPANY
$2,000,000 Capital. $1.00 Per Share.
Fully Paid and Non-Assessable. ,
E. S. White & Co.
DISTRICT AGENTS
Z06 N. Oregon St Phone 1449.
EL PASO, TEXAS.
1
A
k"f
By 1L P. JOHNSON.
Deputy Clerk.
4 mm
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRE83
VOL. 21. NO. 126
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MAY 25, 1919
PRICE FIVE CENTS
NEWS OF THE WEEK FROM THE MINING DISTRICTS OF A RIZONA I
V
9
FRAILTY OF til
JUDGEMENT SHOU
BY GLOBE SECTION
End Of Mining In Globe And
Miami District Predicted
Score of Years Ago
The falibilty of human judgment
has. probably never been more atrik-
ingly illustrated than in the history
of the development of copper mining
in the Globe-Miami district.
In 1879 and 1880. when silver min
ing was on the decline, and the
"cream had been skinmed," there
w ere many who believed that the
end of mining In the Globe district j
was in Bight. And in later years,
after copper mining had developed
' into the leading industry of this dis
trict and Globe was known as one
of the great copper camps of the
west, the pessimist was still on the
job. That there was "no ore below
the 8th level of the Old Dominion
mine," and that "grass would be;
seen within a year, growing in the
streets of Globe," were predictions'
made by so-called copper experts at
i different times, yet the Old Dominion
bigger and better mine today:
is a
than ever before and no one now liv-
ing has the prescience to fix the date
of its exhaustion.
Who is there that imagined twenty'
years ago that -the low grade ores
in the Miami section could be work-!
ed at a profit; or that more than,
150,000,000 tons of commercial ore
would be developed by the Inspira
tion Consolidated and Miami Copper
companies?
Has Disseminated Ore Body
Any doubt entertained of the ex;
tension of the disseminated ore
bodies beyond the boundary lines oi
ine ' Inspiration Consolidated and vur "" property ,uicn is a m
Miami companies has been dispelled eral mountain or silver and zinc ore.
by the development in the proper-' Tbe Vu,can ,s worked from the sur
ties of the Porphyry and Barney Cop-' face b means of benching opera-
na. rrrr ni n Inn a r.r n trk a nnnartlulfll.! tlOn3.
ert under the name of the Pomhvrvl
Consolidated Conner onmnanv which!
adjoin on the west and south the
Live Oak, the richest mine of the In
spiration Consolidated company.
The" Porphyry has been partially
developed by a shaft to a depth of
775 feet, and by levels at 550 and
650 feet. In sinking, the shaft, pass
ed through 90 feet of commercial ore
averaging about $ 1,2 per cent cop
per, and also considerable low grade
ore. The shaft is bottomed in ore
carrying chalcocite .bornite, and chal
copyrite. The principal ore develop
ments are on the 650-level.
The
crosscut on that level penetrated an
orebody diagonally 200 feet, the act
ual thickness of the ore being about
80 feet, of average commercial grade.
Indicates Great OrcGody
The west -drift from this crosscut
at 150 feet encountered a leached-out
vein which continues for about 450
feet in width, deeply stained With
iron an8 which was at one time, no
doubt, filled with copper and was
through chemical action, leached outj
and deposited in the form of chalco-i
cite at lower depth. The management
attaches great importance to this
leached formation, believing that it Copper depression has not shaken
strongly indicates the presence of a the confidence of the miners in the
large body of chalcocite and primary ; Warren district, who still continue
(Continued on Page Sixteen J to build homes, in spite of the high
ore below the oxidized rone. Along C08t Df building materials. During tbe
this V level a chamber is being cut war 300 new homes were built by min
preparatory to sinking a winze which ers jn the town of Warren,
is expected to penetrate a high grade) .
orebody.thaf is disclosed in the drift j .That Mexicans desire clean living
bout 40 feet to the southeast. conditions is'shown by the demand tor
This drift is being continued west j good houses in Tyrone. N. M., and the
and has about 250 feet to go to reach i clean appearance of this town. The
Earney drill hole No. 1, in which ore Civic pride of the Mexican population
was penetrated- at a depth of 500 '.prohibits even the throwine of wast
feet.
Two or three samples taken
from this drill hole ran 1 1-4 per cent j
copper, and the third sample 3 1-2 j The Old Dominion company carried
per cent. When the drift reaches ' over 11,481,378 pounds of copper un
the drill hole a raise will be started BOid from 1918. This was cOpper pro
for the purpose of developing the duced In 1918 under the government
ore located by the drill. The princi- J guarantee of 26 cents, but remained
pal development worii planned Tor unsold when the government removed
the immediate future is continuation the guarantee on January 1.
of the drift northwesterly from the!
winze, and main drift toward the; Seventy-seven per cent of the Cop
drill hole. Later the management : per Queen employes in Bisbee were
proposes to resume sinking the shaft members of the Employes' Bertefit
and will probably continue it to the association during 1918. This assocla
depth of 1000 or 12000 feet. j tion orfers sickness, health and total
The information here given was disability Insurance to employes at a
obtained by a representative of the small percentage of the old line com
Uecord, who, in company of Manager pany rates.
J. 13. Ooplen, and Mine Foreman W.
E. Carter, inspected the workings at PORTO RICO STILLS
the 650-foot level. ; SEIZED BY POLICE
BELGIAN DIAMOND
workers ON Tnt job
BRUSSELS. May 24. Beligan dia-j
mond workers are back at work.'
More than 9000 of them In Antwerp
alone have returned to their benches.!
SILVER BONANZA IN
NAC0ZARIS0N0RA.IS
WAITING FOR CAPITAL
Six Jerome Mexicans Own
Property Reported to be
Fabulously Rich
JEROME, May 24. As 'a result of
the meteoric rise of silver, the atten
tion of the mining world is turning
to the producers o fthe white metal
This tendency has brought into the
limelight a remarkable prospect own
ed by six Mexicans. Exceptionally
rich specimens from this properTy,
the San JUucia, have been placed on
exhibition here.
The Sao Lucia is located in Nac
ozari, in the state of Sonora, Mexico,
and has been worked intermittently
for the past six years by the owneTs,
all of whom ae employes of local
mines. Regularly, once each year,
the sextette, through their labors in
the United Verde and United Verde
Extension, are enabled to amass a
grubstake which will permit them to
work on the property for a month or
two at a time. In this manner, the
prospect is being slowly developed.
I but the owners have reached the
limit of the operations possible to i
j conduct without capital, and have
; now placed the property upon the
markeL e pr,ic akf? or
the
""MU,7U7 " i-u.uwi.
The claims .have teen held by the
Mexicans for the past six years. In
"1S time they have sunk a shaft to
" .deP f 0 feet and are now
dri"inS- From face of the tun
HTVA t.U X t V n rei
. ,B lccl JU sSd,8
show a value of 270 ounces of silver
to the ton, 17 per cent copper and Z'l
per cent lead. The property is grow
ing richer with depth, and the extent
of the ore body has not been deter
mined, though engineers declare-the
deposit is enormous. .
The Santa Lucia adjoins the fam
The owners 0f the Santa Lucia, all)
of whom have homes in this district.
tL !?! dr 5:
c ,T a , ;
eno Sequenous and Manual Loya.
WAR MINE CLAIMS
OF 54,000,000 FILED
The commission recently appointed
by the secretary of the interior to ad
minister relief to operators who un-
dertook to provide at the instance of
the government tungsten, chrome,
manganese and pyrites and lost by
the ending of the war, report $4,000,
000 in claims as docketed. Several
millions more have been c'aimed how
ever. Among these Arizona has five
claims for manganese $45,000, and
two claims for tungsten, $32,000.
New Mexicp has claims for manga
nese totaling $65,000.
Mining Briefs
aper into the street.
5V TI'V o it Mi V
' '7 SrrrDl me iN0 M0RE SllNDAY some of the smaller producing inter
finds a good market in Porto Rico.i more than 71.000 teachers nreiv ntDroa im unouiv . . .... . .
but police are active in running down '
the stills. More than two dozen have
ben seized since the first of the year,
tbe last one with a capacity of 12 gal-
Ions of liquor a day
Inrurnm iiinrriin I T '
i v"mvLiii nv iim in i a. a. A.aw
I nU T rill A r- : .... i'UUIlMJ
10 SILVER CAMPS
FOR
Removal of Restrictions to
Allow Many to Stage
"Come Backs"
WASHINGTON, D. C May 24.
"With all restriction on export of sil
ver removed by both England and the
United States, tne Western silver
camps are looking for a grand revival
of the white metal. Costs of supplies
which in some phases have reached
150 per cent, and labor, which still
holds against reductions in wages,
will temporarily prevent a boom con
dition, but labor, between 65 and 70
per cent of total cost, will no doubt
meet the readjustment conditions and
share in the promised prosperity.
Thirty years ago silver sold at 92
cents an ounce. Low costs made sil
ver mining a good investment, and
finds of rich ore created bonanza
stampedes, and fortunes.
Today 92 cents would produce a
profit for the big producers of "mix
ed" ores who develop silver as a
"side issue," but even $1 is not at
tractive and silver miners found in
creasing costs ate the profits and de-
J stroyed the "lure" of the game. The
government is slow in returning the
silver loaned to it during the war and
inaction has been so marked during
the past six months that even China's
offer of $1.06 last week failed to en-!
courage a big movement. "Wages I
will go back to a
reasonable scale,!
nmfit., i
DHBeu on costs ana nmnt " nnid n :
leading silver producer at the Amer-!
lean Mining Congress headquarters,!
and then you will see many of the!
old camps come 'to life anjl the big;
producers unwater their 4 neglected
mines. It will be a big day for the
West when that happens." j
Mexico, once a great silver produc-'
i Tl P" P nil n t TV fa on ViOlllv illanMqnNail
the resut of the continuou inter.
t PT 1 TIP nt ri f P thfif VOrv lit rlo eilroP
as. bee.n Produced Irom her
aunng tne past four years and she is
now PM.0 t ,h
- o . v vuvjaii
and Colbalt, the two big producing
districts in North America, have past
the peak of their production and the'
fact that there has been a general
! slowing down of copper and lead.
with which silver has been an import
ant by-product, has resulted in a
well nearly exhausted market and
opens the way for a quick rise in the
white metal when labor costs can be
adjusted. The annual demand for sil
ver eotals 350 million ounces an ex
cess of 170 million ounces above the
annual production figures, which in
dicate that the silver miner will have
his inning when once the upward
movement begins.
RICH SILVER STRIKE
IS MADE NEAR BOWIE
BOWIE. May 24. What promises
to be one of the richest body of silver
ore ever, uncovered in Arizona has
been located by Mrs. Fannie feart
lett, J. O. Spurgeon and G. A. Ster
ling. Mrs. Bartlett discovered the!
i . . . . ...
euge several years ago Dut untu re -
cently did not find a suitable party j
mat sne carea to trust with the de
velopment and sale 'of the property.
Several assays have been made of
the ore showing 11 to 65 ounces oi
silver and $3 gold. SterMng and j tons as compared with 8,757 tons for I of the last week sfaow ome unexpect
Spurgeon 'were out to the property . the previous quarter. The mill extrac j ed demands, the result of the April
last week doing assessment
and find that the vein becomes rich
er and bigger as it is worked. Two
offers have been made for the prop
erty and another buyer is on his way
10 otiwia to lookf over the proposi.;per cent of normal. and It is hoped
tion. The ore will be comparatively j that a further reduction of output will
easy to haul to Bowie if a mill is ; not become necessary, but It should be
not erected upon the ground. There
is pienty or water on tne property
which will be ideal for mining. L. C.
Riggs has located and opoied up a
large vein of silver ore- about one
mile from the "above property that
runs from 17 ounces and up from
surface ore.
BRITISH TEACHERS
PAID $3 A WEEK
r"iTi-vT t a j rti.i . f
iuau j. i.iuio inau a quarter or me
j o ..
less than
$12 a week. The salaries
i-.i,v,., may it. ocnuoi ceaoners BUre at least a moderate prom npon j Although the larger producers have
i rnKland are "living a3 low as 8Uch output as market demand may shown no apparent willingness to sac
S2...0 a week, and a head teacher less jU8tify. rlf,ce their metal, much of that which
paid are lesB than the wages of rail- has no more Sunday newspapers. An
way porters. The facts tf ere brought ! order in council forbids their publican
out in the annual convention of theai9o the publication of newspapers
i National Union of Teachers.
I r iir QU-:a iff ' n I
nan : tl.?.:
Cub House
Wo Do sen.
SOME CLUBS THE
Ciubj cntl Y. M. C. A.'s t.e
i-ajbit leaiuies oirorca uy toiue
tiorr 1 procram" "' "'V -
RAV CONSOLIDATED
LOSS FOR QUARTER
n r . a rt r-- i
Lleticit Alter Disbursements
Of $940,887 Caused By
I nwpr Cnrynr P,;
The Ray Consolidated Copper com
pany reports for the xiuarter ending
iUarcn Si a dencit after dis-
bursementa of $940,887, against a de-
rt 7T1 : . U 1 .
ter. The nr,,,,,!
frr r t nnoftnt A t o cr i nn-i
Pound., against 19,601.143 pounds in
the last quarter of 191S.
a-u. ."
iiuauuiiii results ot operation
for the quarter compared with the
fourth quarter of 1913, are a3 follows
1st Quar. 4th Quar,
1919.
Oper loss $244,667
Miscel. income ... 92,369
Deficit- 152,298
Divs. paid 788,589
To. deficit $940,887
1918.
$294,014
114.099
40S.113
1.1S2.884
$774,771
The average cost per pound of all
net copper produced for the quarter
was 15.15c. This figure does not take slx months that even China's offer of
into account credits for the value of 5105 last week failed to encourage big
the gold or silver, nor for miscellan- movement.
eons income, and compares with a cost i "Wages will go back to a reasonable
of 19.30c, similarly calculated for the!Bcale. Dasel costs and profits," said
nnv;n.,o n.nrfor ThnCa ni.. 1 a leading siher croducer at th Amer.
a charge of 15c per ton of oore milled j ,can "ning Congress headquarters. ; from silver and gold was 16.425 cents Iinanclne;
for the retirement of mine develop-j ' and tne Pen market will bring sll-ja pound, against 16.01 cents a pound i Li,dei lh'se fir;
develop
ment expense, but are exclusive of es-
yiuwiva ivi a.cuca ai iuvvuiq uuu avo
profits taxes, for the obvious reason
that earnings do not justify reserves
for this purpose. Miscellaneous in
come for the quarter, including net
receipts from gold and silver pro
duced, amounted to 00.76 per pound.
The average carrying price of cop
per for the quarter was 13.12c, as com-
Dared with 20.80c for the nrevious
quarter,
During the quarter there were mill
ed 440.200 dry tons, averaging 1.793:
per cent copper. This tonnage cor-
responds to a daily average gf 4,891
worKjtlon for the quarter was 77.88 per cent:
of the total copper contained In con-:
centriting ores, as compared with
75.05 per cent tor the quarter of 1918.
The present output is only about 50
borne in mind that metal accumula-
tions must be kept within the bonnds . stocking up for future requirements,
of carrying resources. j and are only interested In day to day
Operating costs have decreased in purchases, taking on only enough cop
moderate degree and there are some per to fill orders in their books for
further tendencies in that direction manufactured products,
which it is hoped will evidence them- The rroducts of the western mines
selves gradually in the immediate fu-)8nd smelters are still going to east-
I ture. thus permitting operations to
continue at reduced capacity until in-,
creased metal prices are such as to in -
. ....
;
ic -u-cui inainei,
CHRISTIANA. May 24. Norway,
on holidays is forbid?n . I
-via.. t
. ma
picninent features of the
mining
oi mere clubs compare favorably
1", - J' mcuiueiMuii ptrmits oi
Mining News
Of the Nation
WASHINGTON, May 24. With all
restrictions on export of silver re
moved by both England and the Uni
ted States, the western silver camps
are looking for a grand revival of the
white metal. Costs of supplies which
in some phaae3 have reached 150 per
cent-and labr which, sUU holds
against reductions in wages, will tem
porarily prevent a boom condition
but labor between 64 and 70 per cent
of total cost, will no doubt meet the
readjustment conditions and share in
the promised prosperity.-
Thirty years ago silver 6old at 92
cents an ounce. Low costs made silver
mining a good investment and finds
of rich ore created bonanza stam
pedes and fortunes.
Today 92 cents would produce a
profit for the big producers of "mixed"
ores who develop silver as a "side is-
sue" but even $1 isiiot attractive ana
silver miners found increasing costs
ate UP tne Profits and destroyed the
'lure' of the game. The government
is slow in returning the silver loan-
ed to it riiirint? tho war anA lnaMinn
has been so marked during -the past
(Continued on Page Sixteen
April Copper Sale Record
Is Far From Encouraging
The April records for copper sales
are far from encouraging. It is esti
mated that the total sales in the first
three weeks of April were under 20,
000,000 pounds, and unless the records
sales will not be much over 25,000,000
pounds, or about one-third 'of the 75,-
000.000 pounds sold during the month
of March.
Regardless of the fact that ' copper
today has declined to a lower level
thai any other commodity, copper
sales are few and far between. Do
mestic consumers are still adverse to
ern refineries in too large tonnage
amj the stocks of the refined nroducts
are getting unwieldly.
ni-rHno,l tnr 11,.
G mam
rAfleiAn a t f a ttra ri Vin vara o r 4 t t
reported by the Boston News Bureau
that one producer practically offered
Lwt
pound for immediate nhipment.
! - V;"-. I
SS " I II
Mo 2 Daiisen
fOU
camps oZ the Southwest. The
vith the programs of the lartre
me most vaiiCf- t-ocial and educa-
SILVER BY-PRODUCT
OE
Produced 463,000 Ounces of
Silver Last Year; , Ore
Reserves Increase
An encourasrin- foatnr nf ti,
MA
COPPER
nual report of Magma Copper for 191S I'0'000-000 pound lor domestic s::ip
is the increase in ore reserves to a'.menl8- Export sales last uiontli wore
greater total than for any year to date between 10000-00,) 15.000.000
On December 31. last, reasonably as-iPUnds- The Prese,,t t of foreign
sured conDer-snlnhid n c,v.QO
were estimated at 235,000 tons, com
pared with 130.000 tons at the close of
1917, while reasonably assured lead.
zinc reserves wPr ria Bt n ..aa
tOUS. nO fhatl'-P fmm tUa oct.'mntr.'
made at the close of 1917 .least 100,00000 pounds a month. It
The management continues to open1 iS evidcnt- thotcfore, that surplus
up the property, and from develt0Ck "er3 iacroaseJ coo lt .OOO.ono
opments to date General Manager punds' last month; that is copper of
Browning says he can see no reason' A Rin on0, whlle ,c,P"rw
: Wfly present ore bodies should not ex-.V "-00W,0 pounds add that v.-.aV.i ;o
tend to considerable greater depths
On its net production last year Mag -
ma earned $519,350, equivalent to $2.16
a share, whirh a chim ' nn o a:
bursed in dividends. In 19is' earnings
ngured out $4.-',5 a share, in 1916. to
$4.57, and in 1915 to $2.55 a share.
! The net cost of producing copper
1 last year, excluding depletion but In -
: eluding depreciation and all other
! charts nnH HoH noting h
, . uu.i V . u, kMAltII
j united States is already down to C
The. American copper sellers and ! per tent tapcity. It had been the i:;
the industry as a whole are looking tention to reduce to 50 per int of pie.
anxiously to every piece of news from i vtous niai'um operations, but in
the Peace Cqnclave, at Paris, and are i creaseJ efficiency among the miliary
pinning their hopes to some economic '.Prevented fulfillment of the original
arrangement whereby beaten Germany ! P,a9- A further reduction, therefore,
can enter this market and buy necei-or 10 Per cent to 15 PPI cent 'sei-ma
sary stocks of the metal, for it is well ! ,ikeIv- With reduced output, how
known that that country' is particular-! ever overhead charges are increased
ly hard set for copper. j and consequently the cost of produe-
The condition of the copper stock !tion wiU be relatvpI- higher,
market is encouraging. , One copper! KxPrts f copper in April, accord
man, discussing the rising security i ms: to CUJ-,0,n house returns, M ere
prices in the face of a rather depress- rather "Jpr than over 5,000.000 tons,
ing metal market said: I 80 that otal foreign shipments over
"Our only encouragement in . this ..th t four months of the year aver
situation is to see the way the cop-1 Rd on,y about 36.000.000 pound a
pers act in the stock market. If they m0nlh- Imnor,s durinK s P-
are running true to form and dU.
counting traditionally the good busi
ness six months ahead, we can then
see some light, but if copper buying
does not appear in quantity before
many moons, you are going to see a
general shut down of copper .mines.
smelters and refineries. The output of , pany uml i,s subsidiaries have ordered
metal must be shut off or the unsold j curtailment of 50 per cent of normal
account will capsize." anu restored the full time schedule.
In spite of, the depressing market ! F"rces wiH bo reduced by 2000 men.
conditions, the copper producers of , (Washington Herald. May 5.)
Arizona are maintaining about 50 perj Anaconda Copper Mining company
cent of their normal production, and j at ',utte, Mont., is operating 11 pto
from 60 to 70 per cent of the number j Parties out of 31. which it either owns
of employes, placing the surplus ofjor has control. The production is
men on development work rather than
on production. They are also making
places for the returning service men
who were formerly in their employ.
MARKET
iisirri n
STILL STAGNANT
SAYS U.S. BUREAU
Surplus Stock Accumulating
Both For Domestic And
Foreign Consumption
The weekly bulletin of the Depart
ment of labor on the condition of the
copper market is as follow:
Copper The entire market contin-uc-a
stagnant. The Iondon Board of
trade announces that all trade restric
tions with a few unimportant excep
tions, will be removed by June 1.
We hear of sales for May and June
in casting at 15c, New York basis,
with more offered at same price. Elec
trolytic is held at 15.37c. New Yo;k
basis and 15.50c delivered buyers I;j
city.
The prospect is more encouraginj,'
for some increase in business, as struc
tural steel work in April was larger
than any month this year and May
bids lair to develop greater building
activity. (American Metal Market
yay 5.)
The four large companies announce
the following output:
First four
Months
Last four
.Months
191S
89.750.000
61,S93.205
19,330,20:5
9,452.(100
1919
55.950,000
v
Anaconda
Phelps-Dodge
37.679.909
Miami 18,776,701
Old Dominion 10.135,000
Total 122.541,610 180.423.45S
It is estimated that domestic con
sumption is at the rate of about 45,
000.000 pounds a month, while total
.!3'lles ,n Aru wer prooaoiy n over
BU,uue"ls 13 nor over lo.000.000
pounds a month. Total domestic and
- sn rtu,reluec- "ereiore, are
I not over 60.000,0(.0 pounds a month.
i . .
w mie "aiesuc sme.ters. even with re
duced operations arc turning out at
the burden.
! ",ll'"r or renn"a pper 1" fst-mr.t
v nrrii ttUUUl J. vHf.Ul,;UJr,V
pounds in April, the rc-t'ineriej dcin.;
a,U posfible to l-are tlle tea.;
" ""u"u
' a lrm lhe SU1' ,ler" in "'
: Of, course, it is desirable to
f" " '". ""' ,,U! t4,llf ocper u.u
metal, as in the latter form it
becomes a.vailab.e fcis c r'Hatfr. i.)r
urusiaiices, it is ni t
u; that tiieie should be reiit-v-
ed talk of radical reduction of output
at the mines and smelters. One re
port is that the Utah company is con
sidering further drastic curtailment:
but apparently it is in South American
rather than in North American min.-s
that curtailment of operations should
! be made Averace production in t:i..
,luu uaa auoui aj.uuw.uuu pounds
a month. Since May 1, exports have
been 113S tons, including 500 tons
shipped to Krnnce, 485 tons to Kng
land and 151 tons to Scandinavia.
(American Metal Market, May 5.)
The Calumet Hecla Mining com-
about 50 per cent of normal and,
rouhgly estimated 5000 men are em
ployed. The smelter of Anaconda is
runing close to fiO per ceoU TWELVE
HAWAII LEGISLATURE DEFEATS WOMAN
SUM
FORGETS STATEHSOD CLAMOR
NEW ARIZONA WHEAT
PRODUCT ATTRACTS
AT BUREAU DISPLAY
county horup demonstration agent ot
the University of Arizoaa extension 1
service, while E. B. Oxley, county lead
er of boys' and girls' club work, also
superintended exhibitions along the
' same line.
j' The hundreds of visitors inspected
j the experimental, plots on the farm, j
land, it was declared, fouad there the:
"BLACKBIRDING" CRUISE islands in the SouUi scan to recruit
HONOLULU, T. II., May 3. (By laborers for the plantation of Fanning
Mail.) The little British trading j island. The Kestrel will be away
steamer Kestrel has left Honolulu on! three months and will make a similar
a "backbirding" cruise to the Gilbert! voyage the latter part of this year.
Do you want to make him
happy while he is gone ? Send
him a subscription to The
Bisbee Daily Review.
HONOLULU. T. H., May 1. (By
Mail.) Whn the sixty-day session of
the Hawaiian legislature ended at mitl-
nigm lasi inKni. oius appiuyuauus a merit take over this work.
total of $14,844,093 had been passed,
according to A. Lewis, Jr., chairman of
the house finance committee.
In the last hours of the session a
resolution was adopted authorizing the
governor to appoint a commission of
four, two senators and two represen
tatives, to attend the next session of
congress for the nurpose of assisting
Delegate J. Kiahio Kalanianole, to ob
tain the enactment of legislation af
fecting Hawaii. Revision of the land
laws to promote homesteading of pub
lic lands in Hawaii will be especialy
Bought. A movement for statehood,
prominent In the eary days of the ses
sion, was more or less lost sight of
before final adjournment.
An increase of approximately one
third in the salaries of public school
teachers was granted by the legisla
ture, bringing the minimum salary to
a little more than $90 a month.
Provision was made for raising the
College of Hawaii to the status of a
university.
As a federal farm loan act does not
extend to Hawaii, the legislature pro
vided'a revolving fund of $200,000 from
which loans may be made to- farmers
of the territory under certain conditions.
An appropriation of $25,000 was pro- to close
PHOENIX, May 24.--Arizpna No. 39
vided for preliminary work in tue es
tablishment of a fish hatchery in Ha
waii, for the propagation of food fish.
Avac nni rw t n nrnir dm hi i i i uiii i
It is hoped to have the federal govern-, . . , B. von KleinSmid. resident of the
111 LUC Idl III UUlCUU O Dcuirauuuai i-1" ( '
disDlav held at the station today. The sie university; u. worKing, aean
i most complete facilities for grain
a wheat originated at the state ex- j sludy thus far shown in the state,
periniental station at Mesa, near here, During the afternoon speeches were
was one ot tne principal aur;
raTtions .delivered by Governor Campbell, Dr.
1
A bond issue of $200,000 was author
ized for the establishment of a war
memorial park on Waikiki beach.
Liberal appropriations were made
for harbor improvements in Honolulu
and for the construction of new roads
on all the islands of the territory.
Carrying the provision that at least
three other countries bordering on the
Pacific must make similar appropria
tions ,a fund of $10,000 was made avail
able for the proposed Pan-Pacific con
gress of the Pan-Pacific union, to be
held in Honolulu next year.
The two measures over which de
veloped the hottest fights of the ses-
s on woman suffrage and regulation
of the foreign language schools were
both defeated. Woman suffrage by
direct legislative grant was beaten. and
a bill providing for a plebiscite on1 the
question also failed of passage.
The foreign ;language school bill,
which would have placed all schools
in the territory, pubic and private, un
der the supervision of the department
of public instruction, with none but
certificated teachers eligible for the
instruction of pupils, was vigorously !
opposed by prominent Japanese resi
dents who contended that its enact
ment would force the Japanese schools
l new wheat, which was pronounced by of the university and director of the
experts to be of excellent quality. Is ; experimental iarms, ana rroi. o. r.. i.
lnompson, cnairman or me i-oinuin-
beinp multiplied as rapidly as pos
sible in order to obtain seed for dis
tribution purposes.
The new variety is said to have been
found to surpass early Baart wheat in
both yield and quality, and there a?s
is claimed the added advantage of its
being beardless.
In all 200 plots of grains, legumes,
cotton and sorghums were on display.
Under the direction ot Frank H.
Parker, president of the county farm
bureau, the program was started at
9 o'clock in the morning with tractor
and other machinery demonstrations.
Demonstrations in home economics
tee managing the field day.
MERCHANTS MEET AT TUCSON
TUCSON, May 24. The Arizona
Merchants 'association lias decided to
hold its first annual convention at
Tucson, according to the communica
tion received by President F. V. Tay
lor of the Tucson Chamber of Com
merce ,who persuaded the organiza
tion that there was no better place to
begin its career of conventions. The
! association will be here October 13
were conducted by Amy L. Dinsmore, land 14.
AXE IS PREDICTION
FOR EUROPE LEADERS
WHEN PEACE SIGNED
BY HAROLD E. BECHTOL
Europena Manager for the Newspaptr
Enterprise Association
PARIS, France May 24. The po
litical leaders ot Europe are hanging
on by their teeth.
Now that peace is about to be sign
ed, op-, n ereculaiion is b.rard every
where a to li"w Ion? IJoyd George,
Clemcnceau's ministers, Orlando and
Sonnino, Ebert and a dozen others,
will hold their posts.
Many political writers and politi
cians ,of Europe are predicting entire
new cabinets in France and Italy.
Few of the political students in Paris
believe that Ebert will be able to sur
vive the criticism sure to follow a
peace settlement no matter what it
contains. Curiously, they say, criti
cism will fall likewise around the
heads of the allied leaders."
Predictions are heard on every
hand that 1920 will see most of the
big chiefs of the peace settlement in
the "ex" class.
Europeans generally take it for
granted that President Wilson will
not run again.
Clemenceau would probably retire
shortly after the settlement in any
event.
But the enemies of the present
French government are, generally
speaking, ignoring Clemenceau and
directing their big guns at the min
isters from Pichon tfbwn.
The reparations agreement, leaving
the final amount of the damage bill
Germany will have to pay to the fu-
ture, is often criticized in European
papers as an arrangement of exped-,
iency. I
It gives Lloyd George and Pichon
and Orlando talking points they can
say "ther is no limit on what we can
collect we will go on fighting for
every penny." ' !
But politicians say the people's at
titude is likely to be: i
"If it were posisble to collect the
cost o fthe war it ought to be in the
treaty, and, if not, then you haven't ,
made good." j
x It is no longer much of a secret
that throughout the war political con
ditions in Italy were so bad that the
allies closed their eyes while fruits
from the south found their way into
Switzerland and on into Germany in
spite of all talk about the "air-tight"
embargo.
During the Italian fight for Triest,
Fiume and the Dalmatian coast, Ital
ians have told me, as they have told
many Americans about the peace con
ference: "If we don't get these
things, we will have a revolution."
Time will show whether it was bluff
or not.
CZECH DEMOCRAS
AGAINST VIOLENCE I
Only Good Custom
Tailoring CanPro
duce that Assured
Sense of Being
Well Dressed
Having your suit made to order,
from a pattern that you select,
is the most satisfactory way for
anyman who is particular about
the clothes he wears. One of
our custom made suits will be
far more economical because it
will hold its shape and style as
long as you care to wear it. It's
the finer hand workmanship and
unseen parts that igve this re
sult, as well as the finer mater
ials. We guarantee the mater
ials as well as the fit and style.
You'll be glad to have some one
of our attractive new patterns
in worsted cassimere or chev
iots. Possibly you will want to
select one of the zephyr- weight
hot weather two-piece styles.
They are very modish and pleas
ing. We can please you ' in
price as well as in style and
pattern.
Let your next purchase be made
to your measure. .You will find
it vastly more satisfactory.
All Our Suits Are Made
In Our Own Shop
In Blue Heavywright Serges, Regular $55.00 Value,
Special at $43.50
PRAGUE, May 24. The executive
committee of the social democratic
party in the Czechoslovak republic
has addressed to all the members of
the party urging them to help in the
further consolidation of-the republic
and to protect their country against
dangers coming from without. The
party declared that is is united in re
gard to solutions of social problems
and is opposed to every unnecessary
violent act. It was further resolved
that the vote of the nation should
decide about every constitutional ques
tion.
H
ruitman's
ashion Shop
"MASTER TAILOR"
For Men and Women
All Our Clothes Made Here in Bisbee
Received the Following Wire This
Morning From
Dunbar & Company v
Adjoins the GOLDEN CYCLE two hundred yards
frcm the UNITED OIL CO., half mile from BURK
WAGGONER. The SILVER CYCLE OIL -COMPANY
will make its appearance today on the Wichita
Board.
Our correspondent at Wichita wires us that it will
probably be oversubscribed, if not today, by Saturday
night
It is Block 75, adjoining the Golden Cycle, 200
yards from The United Oil Company.
The company will drill three wells in Block 75;
has already contracted to start the first well.
The SILVER CYCLE OIL CO. already has produc
tion. We offer subject to prior sale fifteen thousand
shares at $1.50 per share. This price will be open Fri
day and Saturday, May 23d and 24th. We can make
immediate delivery of certificates.
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
George A. Freidenbloom
and Leon A. Godchaux
AGENTS
Dunbar & Company of El Paso
Office 7 Main Street, Phone 49
Texas Control Office, Bisbee, Arizona
Agents for Texas Control, Jaggers-Wallace and all other listed Stocks
ft
1.
n
Dolliinig
i
This company owns leases on 794 acres of
oil lane 3 as follows: One hundred acres in the
Burkburnett oil fields irj Wichita County, Tex
as, about nine miles south of Burkburnett.
This 100-acre tract of land is in a proven oil
field, surrounded on three sides by production.
Oil in paying quantities should be reached
within a thousand feet.
IT IS THE INTENTION OF THIS COMPANY
TO PRODUCE OIL IN THE SHORTEST
POSSIBLE TIME
and for the purpose of drilling two wells in the
Burkburnett field, drilling to start early next
month, a small block of treasury stock is now
offered the public. The officers and directors
cf this Company RECEIVE NO SALARIES.
NOR SHALL THEY RECEIVE ANY COM-'
MISSION ON ANY OF THE STOCK SOLD.
The 594 acres in Runmls county is situ
ated about 14 miles northeast of Winters and
fs'jr miles west of the Lohn shallow oil pool.
This lanc is known as the McAdams tract.
The tract is surrounded by five wells being
.drilled, and contracts closed within a radius
of six miles; one well being drilled four and
onc-hnlf miles south; derrick being erected
for another well four and one-half miles
southwest; derrick completed six miles north
east. Parker well drilling at 1400 feet nine
milcj southeast in Coleman county. High
Tower well No. 1 drilling and at a depth of
800 feet about ten miles 'south. Seventeen
wells under contract to begin c'nlling within
90 days from April 19th in Runnels county.
This statement was made by Mr. M. W. Shel
ley. Vice President of this Company, and one
f the owners of the 094 acres in Runnels
county.
n
to aiart irian v
WE HAVE THE GROUND DON'T OVERLOOK THIS BIG SAFE BET
Next
r
The Texas Arizona Oil Corporation
Organized Under the Laws of Arizona With A Capital of $350,000
Officers, All Well Known Arizona Men, Are As Followes:
ALAN 1'. BUTLKIt .- .'. Uresident
M. W. SHKLLY Vice President
C. A. OVKKLOCK Treasurer '
MAiiK KNIGHT Secretary
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
CHAS. O. OVKKLOCK -lERClVAL
I. BUTLKIt
V. M. SIIICLLY
MARK KNIGHT
PHIL MtCARIO .
ALAN P. BUTLKU
K. M. HARRIS
Now
$10
Per Share
This Is Your Opportunity"
From March 1st to 15th, 1919, 5S counties in Texas produced 210,030
barrels daily. WICHITA COUNTY, in, which is located our Burkburnett
'lifO-acro tract, produced 70,4(55 barrels daily, this 'being u third of the
Oil produced by the entire state.
You Cannot Afford to Wait a Single Day In Buying at this Price
Tliis is a local company, formed of local people whose interests are yours. Guided by wide business experience
they have chosen their holdings out of the heart and center of the best oil fields. They are interested, as you should
be, in the oil business a3 an investment and not as a speculation. While millions of dollars are being made in the oil
business, our aim is to bring a fair share of it to Bisbee. Our policy is ECONOMY DRILL FOR OIL WITH DES
PATCH and our molto is HONEST ENDEAVOR. We answer all inquiries promptly and cheerfully. If you can
not call WRITE. ONLY 5,000 SHARES NOW OFFERING
I lie
Texas-Arizona
OH
4
41 First Nat'l Bank Bldg., Douglas, Arizona.
SEE L. J. OVERLOCK or COLLINS & BRETHERTON
ration
P. O. Box 1124
Month
A Few of the Big-Dividend Payers
TEXAS ARIZONA WILL BE ONE OF
THE BIG PRODUCERS
$100
$100
$100
$100
$100
$1Q0
$100
$100
$100
$100
$100
$100
$100
Invested
Invested
Invested
Invested
Invested
Invested
Invested'
Invested
Invested
Invested
Invested
Invested
Invested
in Kern River Co $ 8,000
In Pinal Oil Co 10,Q0O
in Niw Oil Co 3.900
in Imperial Oil Co 4,000
in Peerless Oil Co 4,300
in Fullerton Oil Co 6,180
in Carbon Oil Co 6,400
in Kern Oil Co 4,500
Monte Christo Oil 4,500
in. Lucile Oil Co 16.000
in Home Oil Co 10,000
in Paraffine Oil Co. 492,000
in Trapshooter 40,000
Here is a sample of what has been doing
right here in thd Wichita fields since the
Fowler well was drilled in at Burkburnett
July, 1918:
$100 Share Fowler Farm Oil Co. sold
at $15,000.00
$100 Share of Marine sold at 1.400.00
$100 Share of Burk-Waggoner 3333,33
Estimated the selling price of Oil at $2.00
per barrel, earnings per annum:
A 25 barrel oil well Urns $ 18,359.40
A 50 barrel oil well earns ' 36,713.80
A 100 barrel oil well earns 68,437.50
A 200 barrel oil well earns 136,875.00
A 500 barrel oil well earns 340,437.50
A 1,000 barrel oil well earns 684,375.00
A 10.000 barrel oil well earns 6,843,750.00
D
1 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MAY 25, 1919
THIRTEEN
Arizona mossback
SPLENDID
III GOLD
two
SHOW!
Unlimited Prospects Opened
Up as 500 Foot Level is
Passed by Shaft
KINGMAN. May 24. A3 the days
Ro by operations on the Arizona
Mossback mine discloses greater and
greater ore bodies. The shaft, which
is now about CO feet below the 500
level, i3 all in or through which free
gold is visible, the mass panning high
in values. This ore is white quartz
with a very small amount of calcite,
and gold shows freely in it, in fact
it is what is termed among the min
ers, "picture rock."
No mine that lias been opened in
the San Francisco district has made
the wonderful showing that has been
disclosed in the Mossback. At the
400 level a crosscut of the vein was
started that got in 244 feet and was
still in ore of milling values. How
wide the vein is cannot be ascertain
ed from the surface outcrop, but it is
thought to be between dikes that
are more than 1000 feet apart. No
walls have ever found since work
was started on the property. At the
500 level a crosscut was carried oft
75 feet, the average of the ore brok
en being better than $25. This drift
caved and had to be bulkheaded on
account of the danger to the shaft.
It was this cave that caused some
trouble in preparing for the sinking
to the 700, which is now being carried
on.
Last Monday a meeting of the di
rectors of the corporation was held,
and at the meeting the future devel
opment of the property wa3 discuss- j
ed. It was learned that the compa
ny is to drive the shaft to the 700
level and open the property at that
depth. It is estimated that this work!
will be completed by the first of next!
July, and the plans for the new mill
will be prepared. The assembling of
the machinery for , the mill will be
under way by the first of September
and the plant may be in commission
by the first of next January. The
development of the enormous bodies
of ore in the property will probably
call for a mill of large tonnage. As
the ore is similar to the Tom Reed
and United Eastern and as these
properties are making a high saving
of values the Mossback management
will not have any hard recovery
problems to work out.
' Among the big gold mines of the
country the Mossback will surely be
the wonder property and whn ijs
tea In rrxMnl?n t ...til T,tn IVa'
uiwi 11 uciuliuu 11 niu uui lilt?
attention of the investing public ol
the whole United States to this sec
tion of Mohave county.
Man Who Fed Allies and Won
The War Died of Starvation
SOLDIERS' WAR RISK
BUREAU GETS 80,000
LETTERS EVERY DAY
WASHINGTON, May .24. More
than a ton of incoming mail daily, and
nearly as much outgoing mail, has
made it necessary for the bureau of
war risk insurance to build up a post
al system of i;s own larger than i3
maintained by any single institution
except the postoffice in the United
States. An announcement today by
the bureau said an average of 80.000
persons write daily .inquiring about
allotments and allowances, insurance
policies, or compensation payments,
or remitting checks and currency as
premiums on insurance. This also
means that each letter must be ans
wered end that makes an oufgoing of
80,000 letters.
Since the bureau has 13,000 em
ployes and 36 divisions devoted to var
ious phases of the bureau's work, the
opening, reading, sorting and delivery
of these letters to the proper divisions
is a task requiring more than 100 em
ployes.
Mail Is received every half -hour.
and most of it is opened by machin
ery and tied in bundles for delivery
to the first set of readers. The readers
peruse each letter to ascertain to
what division it should be routed,
check up to see that the envelope
contains the check or bill which the
letter may say it contains, nnd that
the return address is on the letter as
well as the envelope. Thousands of
letters come without return address
making it difficult to trace them.
Hundreds of envelopes contain cur
rency without tetter or address to
identify them. Stany are signed by an
inadeauate name, such as' "Mrs.
Smith." so that Identification must be
worked out laboriously by clerks.
When letters give insufficient in
formation upon which a reply may be
based, a form setting forth all the
necessary Information Is sent to the
writer.
Outgoing 1tprs are sorted accord
ing to the states for which they are
destined and tied In bundles and
placed In separate sacks before leav
ing the bureau in order that they
ftajr be more rapidly handled in the
federal postoffice.
BY RICHARD SPILLANE
Most Noted Financial Writer in Amer
ica, and Special Economics Contribu
tor to the Daily Review
A man whose name is ittle known
saved France. '
A man whose name in little known
in England saved the British Empire.
A man whose name scarcely is
known in Chicago is responsible for
much of the greatness of Chicago.
But for cold storage Great Britain
would have been brought to the point
of starvation early in the war.
Cut for cold storage the armies in
France could not have been fed.
But for cold storage a city like Lon
don would eat itself out of house and
home if its regular food supply were
cut off for a few weeks.
!n realization of this fact the British
early in the warpiled up food supplies
as never before. They drew on Chi
cago, on Australia and the Argentine
to the fullest degree possible wittt
their limited tonnage.
The French did likewise.
When we entered the war the ener
gies of the commissary department
were centered for months on the task
of piling up in France enough food
stuffs to supply the army for a year
in the event of the U-boat succeeding
in crippling or paralyzing the trans
portation line across the sea.
Never was cold storage of greater
worth to the world that in the period
of the war.
And yet no tribute has been paid
to the remarkable man who was one
of the greatest benefactors the world
has known.
The inventor of cold storage was
Charles Tellier, a mild, shrinking lit
tle Frenchman, who gave his life to
study. For 20 years he experimented
and then, after long effort he induced
a wealthy man of Paris to test, in a
small way, the system of preserving
meat which he had devised. From the
Argentine shipped i na sailing ves
sel a cargo of meat in receptacles out
of which the air had been pumped sq
a vacuum was created. The vessel
met dreadful "weather and was storm
tossed for weeks and at another time
was caught under the equator in a
calm and for 10 days hardly made 50
miles of progress. Not until 100 days
after leaving River Platte did the ship
arrie in Paris. Then, when the cargo
of meat was examined, it was found
to te as fresh and pure as the day It
was put aboard.
That voyage maked a revolution in
the handling of beef, pork, mutton,
eggs, poultry, fish, fruits and vege
tables the world over. It saved for
man an incalculable amount of food
siuff thrt formerly spoiled or went to
w.iote. Immediately in France, Amer
ica and elsewhere great cold storage
industries developed.
But Charles Tellier profited little.
The invention was stolen from him or
taken by trickery from him by those he
begged to aid him in giving a trial to
his method.
He did not care.
Back he went to the little cottoge
where he made his home and in w hich J
he had his workshop, and there he stu
died and worked and gave other prod
ucts' of his brain to the world and was
robbed of the fruit of his work.
He was a very simple fellow and he
never learned to distrust men.
One day, five or six years ago, some
one noted the fact that an anniversary
of the arrival of the first shipment of
cold stored meat in France was near.
The government took cognizance of
the fact and a call was i3sued for
Charles Tellier to come to Paris.
The old man, trembling with em
barrassment, responded and when he
presented himself at the Tuilenes he
found the greatest men of France had
assembled in hi3 honor. The president,
the premier, the cabinet, the senate
and the chamber of deputies paid trib
ute to him. Paris was illuminated in
his honor. His praises were sung by
poets and statesmen. The grand
cross of the Legion of Honor was be
towed upon him and he was hajled as
one of the noblest sons of France.
And then, when it was all over he
was escorted back to his home Dy a
guard of honor. '
And a few months later he died
died of starvation he who had given
to the world more food than any mil
1 on men that ever lived before or
aince.
Not till he was dead was it known
that he had been so dreadfully poor;
for years that may times he was with
out bread and that all the time he was
in Paris, and France was paying trib
ute to him, he had not a soul in the
world and would have been without
food, but for that he received at the
banquets given in his honor.
Some great men are queer, Charles
Tellier was one of the kind.
When you think of Armour, of Swift,
of Wilson ,of Morris and the others,
think of him.
What a mockery that the man who
made possible the feeding of the world
in the time of its greatest crisis should
have starved, and that the world
thinks not of him or of its debt to him
HUN MOTOR INDUSTRY
REVEALS PROSPERITY
BERLIN, May 24. If the apparent
prosperity and optimism of the Ger
man motor industry is a guage, Ger
many is not, so bad off. A recent
issue of a journal devoted to the auto
mobile industry contains 230 pages and
all 60 pages are advertisements cov
ering every phase of the industry. The
majority of the ads are in colors and
highly artistic and expensive.
Thousands of people every
morning start the day right by
including The Bisbee Daily
Review with their breakfast
Why not you?
COLLINS &
BRETHERT0N
JEROME and
OATMAN STOCKS
Sales Agents
SOUTHWESTERN OIL
DEVELOPMENT CO.
Jack Bldg. Main St.
Phone 26. Box 1129
THE UNIVERSAL CAR
The Ford Model T One Ton Truck
is really the necessity of farmer, manu
facturer, contractor and merchant. It
has all the strong features of the Ford
car made pigger and stronger. It has.
the powerful worm drive, extra large
emergency brakes acting on both rear
wheels and controlled by hand lever,
1 24-inch wheelbase, yet turns in a 46
foot circle, and has been most thorough
ly tested. We know it is absolutely de
pendable. We advise giving your order
without delay that you may be sup
plied as soon as possible. The demand
is large and first to order first to receive
delivery. Leave your " order today.
Truck Chassis $550 f. o. b. Detroit.
F. C. BLEDSOE
Johnson Addn. Phone 686
M
ore
Excitement
andit comes from NORTHWEST BURKBURNETT, of course. Investors are making
money by following .the Northwest Burkburnett stocks it is a wonderful field it is said
that every dollar invested in Burkburnett Field has paid at least 25 per cent. THAT'S
A STRONG STATEMENT, but figures, show it.
KING 8
felling around $10.00, seems to be A VERY GOOD BUY. From
Fort Wort our wire last night read as follows:
, '"King 8 reported in, making 1800 barrels; advise you to buy it
for your own account.
This office has already bought King 8 and has put its clients into
King 8 and we believe the stock good.
UNITED OIL
selling at $7 to $10. We quote the following telegram from our rep
resentative at Wichita Falls:
"United Oil will pay a dividend to stockholders of record on
June 1st probably 100 per cent. The par value is $1 and the
stock is selling practically 7 to 1. There seems to be no truth to
the statement that the United Oil is involved in a lawsuit. There
isn't a question but that this stock is a BUY."
TEXAS CONTROL
We haven't said much about TEXAS CONTROL lately because
there are so few blocks of stock that we can sell at $1 and we are
waiting for the company to announce the next offering at $2. We
quote a message on TEXAS CONTROL received last night, which
makes one think that there won't be any second offering of the stock.
The telegram reads as follows:
"Large Eastern brokers want to take remaining stock in Texas
control at one fifty net.
If you can buy shares at $ I you are getting in at a bargain price. Their
HAYDEN BURK well should be in at any time and will be a BIG
4 ONE.
LEON RIVER ROYALTY
There is some stock that can be picked up on the exchange at $3.
. This comes from profit-takers who bought trie stock at $1.50. We
believe LEON RIVER ROYALTY is good for higher figures it
ought to be classed as an investment stock. The following is a tel
egram from De Leon, Texas, dated May 21st:
"On Leon River Royalty Stephens County lease Mr. Littleton,
- field manager for Texas and Pacific Coal and Oil Company, re
ports four producing wells total production about 8,000 bar
rels daily. There are also twelve more welb located on .this sarhe
survey-, which will make a total of sixteen wells finished in the
next ninety days. Littletcn stated to Spencer that he fully be
lieved this tract would produce some of the largest wells in the
Ranger Field. Four big companies drill this lease, which we have
an interest in. Leon River Royalty Company."
JAGGERS-WALLACE
Can still be bought at $4, the market showing a bid of $3.90, offered
at $4.25. with sales at $4. We PREDICT a sharp advance in this
stock. There is naturally profit-taking when traders get into a stock. '
Jaggers-Wallace started with the first offering on the El Paso Stock
Exchange at $2 and a great deal of stock has changed hands in its up
ward career. There was some stock naturally turned in exchange for
property, but this stock seems to have been taken up by the public
on the advancing market. If it wasn"t for this stock Jaggers-Wallace
would be selling at much higher figures. C. O. Jaggers, who ha3 been
in New York in the interests of this company, will be in El Paso within
the next day or two. His wire to his associates indicates that some of
this stock is not transferable for a year. Our advice is to buy Jaggers
Wallace of reputable licensed brokers and insist upon at least three
day delivery and the stock in your own name.
There is STILL TIME to get into this'stock and become a stockholder
1 of record in time for the 100 per cent stock dividend and the 10jer
cent cash dividend payable to stockholders of record June 1 st.
. As stated in our announcements, this Company has approxi
mately 3,000 barrels daily production has valuable property in
Block 7 1 and in Block 86, in Northwest Burkburnett. The Company
also has valuable holdings of approximately 102 acres in the Ranger
Field, with 600 barrels production.
WHATEVER YOU DO Don't fail to own a t least a FEW SHARES of JAGGERS WAL
LACE at $4.
ompany
- LICENSED BROKERS
Members of the El Paso Stock Exchange : : : EL PASO, TEXAS, Security Bank Building
NOTE: We guarantee the c'slivery ef JAGGERS WALLACE, bought
through us. We will accept wire orders at our expense. We will guarantee
that you will be a stockholder of record in time for the next dividend.
REFERENCES: UNION BANK & TRUST COMPANY, EL PASO, TEXAS
CITY NATIONAL BANK, EL PASO, TEXAS
You can wire money to either of these banks, to be paid
upon delivery of certificates in your own name.
to us
George A. Friednbloom, Agent
Agent for Dunbar & Go. No. 7 Main St., Bis tee Texas Control Office
t
(WE ARE BROKERS WE HAVE NO PROMOTIONS).
-
P
P
L a
M
I
Pi
y
.4-..
v.
y THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MAY 25, 1919
m
J
3
-J
t.'.'.'rr?.
)7
to
Hi
3
? rpi j t ii n TTTi . . .
nit xeabonb iov ouu dnaeysemng an. vvny we can give such values at the prices quoted below 197 Busy Stores all over the U. S.
FOURTEEN
j.BMMaH- ii HIMBBIIIHIIir''l''''J'
- wmh m mm mm , n n
8
V
El
We buy for Cash and Sell for Cash. Just stop and think what this means to you. We receive the jobbers profit and sell direct to
you. Selling for casn means that you do not help pay for others bad debts or for a heavv overhead and credit dent.
m j y
We have no delivery system no so called special sales we buy direct from the manufacture and sell direct to the customer. Our
auue saiea eAceeueu luur uuiiiun uonars last year aione, ana tnat is 'only one department. Think it over
din inrnvn o'nnrl c nm ci-rnr i o oil 4-u: ? 1 " i
---- vvxx 6vuo, wui oiuui io ciji new, ai,ucujwvc ctiiu unb year S mercnanaise. uur immense turn
I wvj. ui cciuii occioun msuLco vmy KzivuLi new iiieicnunQise ior our customers.
Read ! Then Act ! Come" in todav. 4-"U
others. You can see the saving that you will make by trading at this store.
Men
5
jLP&Durimen
HI
t
V -'.- VA v.
is -
v
is.
. - .,1'
Mr. Vor'dngnaan, we want part of
ycur business at least. We assure
you that you will find our prices
mean rr.uch to you at this time, for
we all want to save as much as
passible. Our dollars must do double
cuty now and it behooves all of us
to make them go as far as possible.
Lcok caicfully over the list below.
These j:;Ices quoted here mean dol
lt::s in your pocket. Come in-, in
spect these values and be convinced
' Men's Suits
It will cay ycu sr!l to coir.c in and con
pare our i;ts ar.d prices. Ycir will find
vwiat you war.t and at a saving to yci. .
Men's khaki serge suit;, sp'enr'-d lining,
ccrre in two models, priced extremely low
t only ; :i.3D
Men"s h!ue sorge s.iits in several grades,
you wiM find te style you need in this
lir.e cf tru rch an:'is:.
only t24.75, 527.50, $29.75
Mer's crey eassimere suits, ycung men's
and regular models, only $20.75
Men's trown and grey worsled and cassi-
nvie SviiU. e!I m?de, on!
? 17.50, $22.50, $24.75, $27.50, $29.75, 34.75
Men's Pants
A very gocd line from which to make a
st'iecticn. Men's stripe worsted cut, regu
lar styie .o.-ily $3.98, $4.98, $5.90, $6.90
Men's blue serge pants, only
: $6.90, $7.50, $7.90
Men's Straw
Hats
You will find our prices about y2 the regu
lar pr;cs cf straw hats, only 98c, $1.49, $1.98
Look Them Over
3
7
V
f
if -
4
mm
.v. .'.(.. w . J .7 MM
len's Belts
A complete stock in tan, black and grey,
only 49c, 69c
Initial buckle, made of good grade material,
silver plated, for buckle and belt,
only 98c, $1.49
MEN'S SHIRTS
Black Sateen shirts, extra well made,
on'y $1.49, $1.79
Men's R. R. 'shirts, with two detachable
collars, only $1,69
Mtn's Percale, laundered, only
98c, $1.25, $1.49, $1.69, $1.98
Men's Percale ar.d Madras shirts, nice
patterns in stripe, soft cuffs.
on'y $1.49, $1.98, $2.98
Men's gun metal and pongee colored shirts,
a fintf shirt for only $2.98
Mens silk shirts in a wide range of pat-'
terns, you will find the style you like in
this stock. Priced for quick sale at
on'y- - $4.98, $5.90, $6.90, $7.50
MEN'S TIES
We have the four-in-hand reversibles, four-in-hand
flowing ends, batt wings tecks and
wash ties.
Wash ties in wide range of patterns,
only 19c, 23c, 45s
Batt wings in black and fancies, only 49c
Four-in-hand, good grade silk and well
made, only 49c
Four-in-hand, better grade, 69c, 98c, $1.23
Windsor ties, come in plaid-s, checks, stripes
and plain colors, only 25c, 49c
B
oys3 Suits and Pants
We have a complete line of them in stock and you will find them priced at a big saving to
you. Boy's suits, only $4.58, $5.90. $6.90, $7.90, $8.90, $9.90, $12.50
Boys pants, good qualities, only $1.49 1-9g , 49 $2 93
Bays' khaki pants, only $1 49 $1 69
Boys' Corduroy pants, only .. "".."".3....'...,...$l!38
Men 's Khaki Pants
Men's heavy grade khaki, extra well made, only
Lighter grades, but well made, only
.. $2.49
$1.98, $2.23
it
LX;k ! ft Vi
t. h j
4
1 l
4
FAY DAY OVERALLS Cut full, well made,
strong and durable ..$1.69
WORK SHiRTS Cut full, made of Cheviot
and ideal Chambray.. usually sold from
75c to $1.00. Our price, only.... 69c
BOYS' SHIRTS Splendid line of Cheviots
and Chambrays, just the thing to stand
h?rJ knocks, only 69c
EOYS' OVERALLS The durable kind,
ln'ivy Llue Denim, sizes from 7 to 12,
our price, only 98c
Larger tizes, only $1.19
BOYS' , BLOUSES In slriped Percales, blue
Chambray, Khaki, and plain white Per
cale, exceptional values,, all sizes, priced
at 69c to 93c
MEN'S CANVASS GLOVES Knit wrist, a
good value, 2 pairs 25c
CANVAS GAUNTLETS (Leather Faced)
all sizes, at only 35c
MEN'S LEATHER GLOVES Short wrist,
host skin, at only 98c
BOYS, SUSPENDERS Good qualities that
police , style, strong and durable, a bar
gain at 39c, 49c, and 69c
MEN'S SUSPENDERS All grades, heavy
wear fine 25c and 39c
MEN'S UNDERWEAR Athletic style, un
ion suits, striped materials, just the thing
tor summer wear, at per suit 79c
Better grades, at only $1.49
MEN'S KNIT UNION SUITS All sizes, ex
ceptional values at 98c and $1.98
MEN'S LEATHER GLOVES Short wrist,
horsehide, genuine, at $1.69 and $1.98
MEN'S LEATHER GUANTLET GLOVES
All sizes and an exceptional value, priced
at 98c, $1.49 to $2.49
MEN'S PAJAMAS Nicely trimmed muslin
quality, good grade $1.49 and $1.98
MEN'S NIGHT SHRITS Nicely trimmed,
good grade muslin $1.49 and $1.98
MEN'S MERCERIZED HOSE Come in
black, white, tan and grey, 3 pairs for
$1.00
Better grade, per pair 39c
jrr "r "V"T"
MEN'S COTTON RIBBED DRESS SOCKS
Come in grey, while and ble.ck, at 2 pairs
for 35c better grade 25c
MEN'S WORK SOCKS In tan, black and
heavy Rockford, a real bargain at 2 pair
for 35c
MEN'S ARTIFICIAL SILK HOSE Come in
Cordovan, black, white and grey, priced
at 49c and 58c
MEN'S PURE SILK THREAD HOSE In
Cordovan black, white and grey,, priced
per pair 79c
A PERSONAL WORD TO GUi-t CUSTOMERS
The Disbec store of the J. C. Penr-y Co. has had.
a change of management. The new management
m.ikca this annr.urcc.Tent io th.it all customers of
thr. ctcrc may Know that Ovr Policy ii fcqu.nc Deul-
ng to All. The cubtomc;- mitt he sntiefied. If you
nre not, let us know, we .ire ru;re to plrase dV 1 will
he jljd to have the opportunity to rectify any mis
take that r-My ariie or h.) , a r it, .. in the pjt,t. We
want your Mca'ly prflmn-sy.: and w(; arc here ic
serve you. Come in and act acquainted w:th the hlw
m.iiiac;cmcrt.
o
raifiiey
Ik
Incorporated
197 Busy Stores
Don't Forget Our Location
Phone 175
Mair. Street
Next to Eagles Theatre
Come in Today and Examine our
Goods for Yourself. It means
Money to you.
s
I
I
a
3B3 S '
i
4
1
. i
j
X
i
-i
U
i
j
THE BiSBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MAY 25, 1919
FIFTEEN 7
:;:.:! - i
I - ' - I
.Hi. - - i
U '
V ".iv-.,-:.;-;yy f
.............. .....
'For
rihe
rra
Priced at Great Savingsl Serviceable Stylish and Comfortable
Our shoes represent the soundest possible values. Because by purchasing large quantities for our 197
Busy Stores direct from the manufacturer considerable price concessions are obtained. Continual repeat
orders from customers who have once worn our shoes is proof positive of their genuine worth. A per
sonal test on our part will convince you of the truly great shoe values we are offering. OUR SHOE
SALES FOR 1918 EXCEEDED FOUR MILLION DOLLARS. ' .
2
Children's Shoes
Patent onstrap sandal, wedge ankle $1.79
Dongold ankle strap, black kid, turn ...$1.39
Tan kid ankle strap $1.49
White wedge, under wedge button $1.49
Black kid- button patent tips, wedge over, $1.39
BABY SHOES
Babies' soft sole shoes in pink, white, tan and
Black kid sandal .?. . 29c to 89c
A
WOMEN'S AND CHILDREN'S
WHITE SHOES
Women's fine white kid turn covered
Louis heel $5.90 and $9.90
Women's white poplin, canvass military
heel $4.98
Women's whit poplin canvass military
heel $3.98
Women's white poplin Neolin sole, low
rubber heel ..$3.49
Misses's white canvass, ankle strap pump, $1.98
MISSES SHOES
Black kid, one strap pumps, 8J4 to 11 $2.98
White canvass ankle strap, 8'2 to 11 $1.49
Tan kid, ankle straps, 82 to 1.1.. $2.69
Black kid, ankle straps, 82 to 11. $2.49
Patent kid, ankle straps, &2 to 11 $2.69
Gun metal, ankle straps, 8'2 to 11 $2.43
Patent Roman sandal, 8'2 to 11 - $2.49
One strap Mahogany pump, 8'2 to 11 $2.79
Tan kid, ankle straps, 11'2 to 2 '....$2.98
White kid, ankle straps, 11'2 to 2
Gun metal, ankle straps, 11 V2 to 2
Black kid, ankla straps, Wz to 2
One strap, Mahogany pump, Wz to, 2
Tan kid, ankle straps, 1154 to 2..,.,
Patent, ankle straps, 11'2 to 2
$1.89
.....$2.49
$2.93
$2.98
$2.98
$2.98
CHILDREN'S LOW SHOES
White kid, ankle straps, V2 to 5 ..
Patent Roman sandals,
$1.23 to $1.39
$1.69, $1.98 and $2.49
Black kid button, patent tip, wedge over,
$1.39
. f ' ' v. y 1
i"
Women's Low Shoes
Black kid, one strap $3.25
Black kid pimp or oxford, leather and- wood covered
heels $4.98
Black calf shoes in high and military heels $5.90
Brown kid calf, high and low heels, welt and McKay,
only $6.90
White kid oxford, high heels $6.9&
White canvas oxford-, low heels ....$2.49
White canvass pumps, high heels $2.98
White canvass pumps, rubber sole $2.49
White canvass pump, military heels. . . ...$3.98
White canvass pumps, welt ! $4.98
Gun metal, one strap, low heels $2.98
f
Women's Shoes
Patent kid pump, covered Louis heel turn $4.98
Black kid pump, leather Louis heel $4.98
Black kid pump, fancy buckle, military heel $4.98
Brown kid oxford, welt, military heel $6.90
Mahogany calf blucher, welt, covered Louis heel $6.90
Fine white kid tie, covered Louis heel $6.90
Patent Kid tie, turn covered- Louis heel $4.98
Kid Colonial Pump, turn Louis heel $4.98
Black kid pump turn sole, covered Louis heel $4.98
We also have several dozen pairs of broken lots in low
shoes... They come in. grey, black and tan, in a variety
of styles and widths. You wifl find these a genuine
bargain, only : $3.50
Men's Work Shoes
Men's elk skin outing shoes, chrome elk sole, leather heel and
counters - - $2.93
Men's tan- and black heavy work shoes $3.50, $3.93
Men's brown moose blucher, wide toe, all leather, welt, only $4.93
Brown- elk, army last, welt, only $5.90
We can give you the kinc"- of shoe mat will stand hard wear.
They come in Palm Beach and white canvass, black and- tan
leathers, $3.50, $3.98, $4.49, $4.98
Shoe laces, three pairs, on!y 10c
Shinola 1 - 9c
Round laces -- 10c
Leather blocks 89c
Cork insoles 10c
Black Beauty shoe polish 23c
Soap 5c, 10c
Initial and belts $1-49, 98c
See our new line of ties and shoes.
Men's calf welt, red rubber h-els, semi-English last, atanly $8.90
Men's Work Shoes
Men's calf Chutuey last, welt, leather heels, semi-English last,
at only - $8.49
Russia Calf, round toe, high heels, blucher, at only $5.90
Black ca!f, neat top, round toe, medium . high heels $5.90
Men's black calf, neat top, English shoe, only... .$4.98
Men's elk skin shoe, all leather heels and soles 52.98
Boy's Shoes
Heavy black bluches, only $1.79
Gun metal bluchers and button, only $1.93 to $3.98
Children's shoes in white, black, brown, well made, infants soft
soles - 22c, 39c,. 49c, 74c. 89c
Child's hard sole .'. 98c, $1.19, $1.35, $1.49, $1.69
Misses shoes, $1.49, $1.79, $1.93. to 52.93
Boys' elk skin shoes, only - $1.98, $2.43, $2.79
These shoes will give you good service.
Women's Fine Shoes
Black gloze kid, regular top v $3.25
Black kid blucher $3.98
Mahogany calf and kid blucher, 9 inches high, military and high heel $8.30, $9.90
Black kid blucher, high and military heel, only , $7.50
Tan kid vamp, black trim, write top, high heel, only $3.50
Patent leather, neat top, military and high heel $3.50
Heavy calf sKin snoes, suitable for rough wear, only $3.49, $3.98
We buy shoes by the hundreds of dozens, our purchase this spring amounting to more
than One Million 'Dollars ($1,000,000.00). That's the reason we sell for less
Men's Dress Shoes
Black kid Romeo slippers .1 : $2.98
Black kid, plain tee, only $3.93, $4.93
Box side blucher $2.93
Gun metal button and blucher $3.50, $3.93
Black kid lace, freak and swing last $4.93
Black kid, round toe welt $4.9S
Gun metal, button or lace, only $5.90
Tan lace, English $7.50
We can fit you out in nearly any style of shoe you require. Thou
sands of other customers are satisfied. Try us.
Men's Hats and Caps
Men's staples in black and light, $3.49, $3.98, $4.98
Men's Dress Hats
A wide range of styles, $1.49, $1.98, $2.49,. $2.98, $3.98, $4,98
SUIT CASES AND TRUNKS
Trunks, well made, from one of the very largest factories
in the world, only $9.90, $12.50;. $14.75, $16.50, $22.50
Both brown and black fibre, also matting cases, all well made
and priced extremely low, quality considered.
Matting cases, only r...$1.98 $2.93
Fibre cases, only $1.93, $2.49, $2.98
Heavy cowhide cases, only $9.90
Traveling bags, only $2.49, $2.98, $3.98, $4.98
Men's Caps
Dozens of styles from which to make selections,
59c, 69c, 93c, $1.49, $1.9S
Miners' caps only 25c
Read Other Page In This Issue.
Everything In Wearing
Apparel
jq Ji j USUI &j y
Incorporated
197 Busy Stores
IjOo
umrieous sales reopie
Mail Orders Solicited
t
Exceptional Values
s
3GXS1ZS2
f f.WiW"(Wl y ymw vim TH SIXTEEN
THE BISBEF, DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MAY 25, 1919
y
"ji-.-iX ' YOU
HO-KO!
rv
?Les letIs pull tccsther
SUCCESS!
CO-OPERATION
The weather report of the U. S. De
partment of Agriculture for the past
week in this section is as follows:
Both telegraphic and mail reports
Indicate Improved range and stock
'conditions in Arizona and western
New Mexico. The district has been
.rainless during the last two weeks
but vegetation has 'not been adversely j
affected, somewhat warmer weather i
and abundant sunshine causing a gen- j
eral improvement in conditions. Stock ;
are characterized as good in nearly all ;
sections except about the Grand can-,
yon where they are still reported as
being in poor condition. In the viein-1
ity of Seligman. YaxapM county, both
stock and ranges are reported as le- i
ing only fair. ' The forest supervisor
of the Coronado National Forest re
ports as follows: "The Btock on the
ranges are in excellent condition. Both
the stock and range are in better con
dition at this time of- year than they
have been for a number of years in j
the past. Green grass and . new
browse are available and the cattle
are on the 'mend.' Within three weeks
time fat cattle, can be gathered from
the ranges."
SOUTHWESTERN STOCK MINING NEWS FROM
RANGE CONDITIONS ARE NATIONAL VIEWPOINT
SHOWING BETTERMENT (Continued from PaRe Eleven)
ver to $1.10 piU3 before long and
then you will see many of the old
camps come to life and the big pro
ducers unwater their neglected mines.
It' will be a big day for the west when
that happens." . ,
Mexico, once a great silver produc
ing country, has produced very little
silver from her mines during the past
four years and she is now a negative
quantity. Tonopah and Colbalt, the
two big producing districts In North !
America have passed the peak of thei
production and the fact that there has
been a general slowing down df cop-;
per and lead, with which silver has ;
been an important by-product, lias re-I
suited in a nearly exhausted market
a:id opens the way for a quick rise in
the white metal when labor costs ca
be adjusted. The annual demand for
silver totals 350 million ounces an ex
cess of 170 million ounces above the
annua IproJuction figures, which in-;
dicate that the silver miner will have!
his inning when once the upward
movement begins. j
Rise in Copper Production
Cost in Late Years Shown
By 1915-1918 Comparison
Copper costs last year varied con
siderably, depending on the property.
Of the mines in this country the por
phyries as a group continue to hold
the record for low costs, which distinc
tion was attained several years ago.
Individually, liowever, several of the
lake Superior vein mines last year
reported lower costs than some of the
porphyries. Copper Range and Ar
meok are examples.
Inspiration last year reported a cost
of but 11.25 cents a pound, but that
was before depreciation charges and
allowance for the federal tnx. If those
had been included the figure would
have been materially higher.
A number of properties last year
gave no figures of costs, merely stat
ing in the annual reports that they
were abnormally higher owing to the
increased cost of labor and supplies.
Kennecott last year had a cost of
Housecleaning time is here and you
will need lots of clean papers under
your carpets, rugs and on shelves
Get them at the Review office in
25-cent bundles. A-27
j around 9 cents a pound, but the mines j
of that company are located outsida
j this country. j
J The following tabulation shows
costs per pound of copper properties
for which companies the 1918 costs
j are available:
I Almieek
j Alloucz
! Calumet & Ilecla
! Centennial
I Copper Range
, East Butte
j Inspiration
! Isle Royale
Mass
j Miami
i Mohawk . . '
j North Butte
Nevada Cons
. Osceofa
j Phelps Dodge
; Quincy
j Ray Cons
Shattuck & Arizona
j Superior 25.0(5
! Tennessee 20.60
I Utah Copper .16.33
30 PERCT. OF RABIES
IN JAPANSLUMS DIE
TOKIO, May 24. But one out of
three of the children born in "pokio's
slums survives until past infancy. Ful
ly 40 per c ent of the residents of (the
quarter are in a deplorable state of
health. The Tokio Fu Charity society
at a meeting in the official residence
of Governor Inoyue, considered plans
for bettering living conditions in the
poor quarter. i
11US
.14.0e
.10.73
.21.05
.18.65
.14.46
.19.71
.23.S2
.14.83
.14.64
.20.91
.16.60
.17.67
.15.50
.21.90
.17.19
.14.63
1917
9.42c
13.47
12.60
18.35
12.57
17.67
10.50
15.74
19.81
12.51
12.06
17.35
11.68
13.86
14.00
17.50
12.65
13.24
16.88
16.60
12.70
1916
11.47c
10.47
11.63
13.44
9.56
16.S8
8.62
15.32
15.37
9.52.
8.87
15.57
8.86
11.69
1915
7.90c
9.05
9.33
12.45
8.06
11.85
8.12
14.52
14.37
8.76
7.48
13.12
8.32
10.03
12.40
10.62
8.76
13.78
14.36
8.11
9.60
9.49
8.44
11.79
10.53
7.56
APRIL EXCAVATION AT
SACRAMENTO HILL IS
, RECORD ACHIEVEMENT
The April record of 176.000 cubic
yards for the removal of Sacramento
hill exceeds all previous marks. Up
to date approximately 2,000,000 cubic
yards have been removed, or about
40 per cent of the total amount to be
moved before sufficient ore will be
uncovered to maintain a steady supply
of ore for the iiew mill.
The work of taking down Sacramen
to hill is one of the largest mining
projects of th? state; every day SO
train londs of dirt and rock are hauled
away to get rid of the waste which
covers this ore body. It Is a task which
involves millions of dollars, and is only
possible by large operations.
The work on the bfe concentrator,
which is to handle the ore from "Sac"
hill was stopped last October because
of the inability to secure machinery
and building material during the war,
but inasmuch as the mill progress was
ahead of that of the mine, the delay
in the mill will probably not delay
the output.
Although tbe copper market is now
uncertain, it is believed that within
the next six months the period of re
construction in Europe will start, and
copper will then come into its own.
It is evident from the consistent de
velopment program which is taking
place in the mines of the state thur
the lar::e operators have faith in the
tuture of ibf market.
The ' Dallas shaft of the Copper
Queen j: to be enlarged from two
compartments to five, and the Calu
met & Cochise is undergoing develop
ment, b ing sunk further from the
1500 foot level.
T GIRLS STAY BY
YANKS 111 FAR LANDS
PARIS, May 24 . -Already women
war workers with the Y. M. C. A. are
preparing to follow American soldiers
into whatever land the United States
may le made m;nnl itory for. So long
as American soldiers remain abroad,
women workers will remain to give a
touch of clKor to army ennterns.
Troops horn every state are here and
effort? sre made to station giila frm
the same state with etch particular
military outfit. Most of' the 2500 wo
men who are with the American army
came tor a yerlod of one year, but
have remained longer than the origin
al period of service.
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
Crop Progress in Arizona
Comparatively warm weather in the
northern counties has been favorable
for all crops and the planting of oats,
corn, beans, and potatoes has pro
gressed. Absence of rain in irrigated
sections has been favorable for all
agricultural activities and cotton, can-j
taloupes, wheat, and truck have made J
fine progress while the harvesting of i
alfalfa and barley has not been inter
rupted. Cantaloupes are considerably
in advance of lat 'yr'. crop. Apri
cots and the first crop of potatoes are
tieing marketed.
Highest Lowest Precipi
Stations Temp. Temp, tation.
Douglas 91 46 .00
Flagstaff 74 32 .00.
Ft. Apache 81 42 .00
Ft. Bayard, N. M. ..
Grand Canyon . . 80 34 .00
Nogales ..
Phoenix 97 59 .00
Plnedale
Pinto 91 37 .00
Prescott
Seligman 95 34 .00
Thatcher
Tucson 92 48 .00
Williams 80 30 .00
Vuma 98 60 .00
R. Q. GRANT, Meteorologist.
WASHINGTON, May 24 Chairman
Fordney of the House Ways and
Means committee is receiving urgent
letters from many industrial leaders
asking that congress begin the re
drafting of a revenue bill to displace
the present confusing law. Especiai
stress is laid upon the necessity of
including in the proposed law, tariff
provisions aimed to protect the infant
industries developed during the war
and to prevent German and Austrian
material from flooding the country.
The American Mining Congress Is
trying to prevent the development of a
general tariff revision fight but will
proceed to organize a "National De
fense Resource Bill" which will in
clude materials necessary to war
such as steel elements, potash to pro
tect the food supply, zinc and leaC.
Already steps are being taken to or
ganize the industries involved.
DULUTII. Minn., May 24. Nearly
1.000,000 more tons of iron ore were
shipped down the Great Lakes in April
than in the same month last year. Re
gardless ofthe slowness of the steel
developments nearly all of the inde
pendent properties are now working
50 per cent capacity. Some of the
properties, however, are closing down
throwing large forces out of work.
AIR CASUALTY RATES
nr oct ov 1 1 nvno
on wed nvDnnnunT Ann on di lluiuo
OILILIl Ul I I1UUUUI
nr mniii nnnnrn
III hlAUIjlA uUirLlI I trance rates are now quoted by
(('(titimicd from Page Cloven)
in 1917. The management hopes to
substantially reduce costs this year
by reason- of increased efficiency of
of labor and more experienced em
ployes. Marina should stand to increase
earnings this year from its sales of
silver. In 191 S output of silver
amounted to 463.503 ounces. If the
company produces that jir.ionntcf sil
ver this year and receives an average
price of 20 cents or more an ounce
than in 1918, it would mean a matter
of about $100,000 to Magma, equal to
about 40 cents a share on the stock.
The company estimates that its
reasonably assured copper-sulphide
I Lloyds. For a $2.50 premium $5000
j can be carried, payable on death or j
loss or two iimus m t 1 i"c :
1 London Paris flight the established
Irate is 75 cents for each $500; Eng- ;
j land to Bombay, $6.25.
! Spring cleaning time is Here. Line
; the shelves and boxes with paper.
' They can he had for 25c a bundle at
' The Review office.
ore reserves contain an average of
' 4.0.' per cent ounces of silver to the
itoit. and fiat the reasonably assured
lead-zinc, ore reserves contain an av
' erase of 12 ounces of silver to the
jton. Since starting production Magma
(has shipped a total of 2.1SS.722
'ounces of silver..
VICTORY .THRIFT
STAMPS SOLD
HERE
EXCHANG YOUR LIBERTY
BOND CUPON FOR
THRIFT STAMPS
irl
W omens Union Suits
These suits are made in a sheer material and make a very
cool summery under suit. Athletic style, all sizes, $1.75
value, special ..$1.45
SATIN DE LUXE
A beautiful soft, bright finished silk 40 inches wide, in dark
and evening shades, worth $4.00 yard, special at $2.75 yard
Seasonable
Millinery
Flowered hats.r iboned hats
large hats, small hats but
what's the use of enumer
ating. Suffice is that we
have them in all shapes and
styles each style is exclu
sive at prices sure to please
the most thrifty.
Bargain Booth Specials
Women's
Our
showing Of
Ores
Neck
Sale
ware
It is a pleasure for us to offer this wonderful lot of neck-,
wear for sale. Every kind and style you could think of will
be represented in the assortment. You are sure to be
pleosed with any selections you may make from them.
35c value, 25c; 75c value, 50c; $1.00 value, 75c; $1.50
value $1.10; $2.00 value, $1.50; $2.50 value $1.85
Children's Wash
units
A large assortment to choose from in striped Percales and
plain white, sizes 3 to 8 years, $2.00 values $1.65
$1 .75 values $1.35
New Parsols
Nothing like one for adding to a wo
man's appearance and a very necessary
article these hot day. Make your choice
while the are new.
sesisW.oraiy
Of Your -
' ' Attention
New arrivals in Women's and Misses' Dresses. Admir
able, indeed, is the careful manner in which every one of
these dresses is made and it adds not a little to their at
tractiveness. As for the styles, it would be impossible to
describe them in this limited space. Printed Georgette,
plain GecrgeVe, Crepe de Chine, and Taffeta silks in a
variety of new models..
Sport dresses in Crepe de Chine, white and natural figured
pongee.
Black and white Satin in coat dress, these are very attrac
tive models, selling from $28.50 to $45.00
New Voile dresses, flowered designs, in dark and light
colors, ranging in price from
$10.00 to $25.00
Stunning
-'V n.
mm. ter .1
V I ... i f II I S 1
New Blouses
V
New .shipment of pretty blouses in Vailes. Organdies
and Batistes, tailored and fancy models, priced
at $2.95 to $15.00
Special offering in Voile Blouses, lace trimmed and
Organdie Blouses, trimmed in pretty embroidery, all
sizes $1.50
Sleeping Garments
We are agents for Brighton Carlsbad
sleeping garments. These are now being
shown in a full line of summer weights
for women, girls and boys, in pajunion,
Billy Burke and pajamas.
Watch Our
Advertisment For
June 6th.
Announcement
Visit Our Furnature Department Every Day New Items
I Bought Over Daily From The Ware House
RKSt Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
;
1
VOL. 21. NO. 12C;
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MAY 25, 1919
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
J
.i
4
YANKS
ARE ROBBED
BUT FREEH AREN7
ALL TO BE BLAMED
BY EDWARD M. THIERRY,
N. E. A. Staff Correspondent Juet
Returned from France.
Propaganda of German origin, aid
ei and abetted by the French and
spread by Americans, is a paradox
that exists in the United States.
If you are a returned American
soldier you are probably helping it
unconsciously, perhaps; but neverthe
less helping.
If you have a son, a brother or a
friend who has just come back from
overseas you have heard it first hand.
That's why these three questions
are worrying us:
Are the French anxious to get the
American soldiers out of France?
Are all the French robbing the
American soldiers abroad?
Are the French unappreciative of
America's help In the war?
I heard in France all the stories
you've heard about these things. I
heard them on the boat coming back
and I heard them at home.
Every one of the these stories about
exorbitant prices charged American
troops is true or at least so near
the truth that the minor details do
not matter. More than a million sol
diers have come back with a tale of
woe about highway robbery on their
pocketbooks. They're kicking and
they've got a right to kick. Relatives
and friends are wrathful and they've
got a right to be. .
But we're not being fair to the
Frpnch if we condemn the whole
Fre nch people and the whole French
nation. France hasn't been mulcting
American soldiers. But thousands of
unprincipled tradesmen have. ,
That'H why French grownups ' are
divided into two classes. Number One
is the class that is fleecing the Yanks
hand over fist and therefore does NOT
want ' the Americans to come home.
Number Two is the class that doesn't
sell things and is not robbing
Yanks but which DOES want the
Americans to go home because it has
got the Idea that the "millionaire"
Americans have so much money and
are so ready to spend that they are
responsible for high prices.
Number One class is selfishly help
ing German propaganda. Its acts show
up in unfavorable contrast to the non
profiteering of German shopkeepers in
the occupied areas. Its acts bar out.
'in the minds of uniformed French
country people, the stories spread by
paid German agents before the armis
tice that America would gain a clutch
on France far wrose than any pos.
sible domination by Germany.
Number Two class wants the Amer
icans to get out of France because
it is beginning to believe this Ger
man lie. because the Americans are
paying high prices, because .they do
not realize that the Americans an
paying i them unwillingly, because
Americans are cluttering up favorite
seats in cafes, monopolizing taxicabs
and crowding railway carriages.
There Is only one big class in
France that doesn't have any part in
this unfortunate aftermath of the war.
They are the children of France anu
the peasants" of the ten devastated
provinces of France
TOLEDO CITIZENS TO
OPEN THEIR HOMES
TO FIGHT VISITORS
TOLEDO, May 24. Jack Dempsey
today persuaded Manager Jack
Kearns and Jimmy de Forest, his
chief trainer, to give him permission
to step two rounds with Billy Tate,
his giant negro sparring partner. The
challenger cuffed Tatfe ' around the
outdoor ring to the delight cf 400 vis
itors. It was the first boxing Demp
sey had done with his heavyweight
partner.
Dempsey has declined to drop base
ball from the training grind. After
covering seven and a half miles on
the road, the challenger engaged in
a game of "one old cat" this after-1
noon. Roger Bresnahan, who owns!
the Toledo club of the American As-J
sociation. gave Dempsey some dis
carded gleves and bats.
Frank Flournoy, associated with
Tex Rickard in promoting the cham
pionship battle of July 4, 'received
word from Los Angeles that Willard
intended to start for Toledo Monday.
There will be about 100,000 visitors
in Toledo on the day of the battle and
hotel men said tonight they would be
able to care for only 50,000 or them.
Vacant buildings and stores will be
converted into 'huge sleeping dormi
tories. Six buildings have been leas
ed and 20,000 cots will be installed in
them.
A hugs circus tent also will be
erected to provide sleeping quarte'rs
and hundreds of private families have
arranged to open their homes to outsiders.
MILLION DOLLAR MINE
SUIT FINALLY DECIDED
Final settlemcftit of what has been
known in Arizona as the "Million
Dollar Mining Suit." in which John
Gleeson sought to establish a part
nership in mining claims of the
Courtland district, in this county, and ,
fn which Mrs. Mary M. Costello, j
widow of Martin Costello, was de- I
tho 1 fendant was secured Friday when j
the supreme court of Arizona denied j
the motion of the plaintiff for re-.
hearing. The case has been before
he state courts for the past six or
seven years and has attracted wide
attention throughout the state.
The action of the supreme court
makes the decision final in favor of
Mrs. Costello. Word pf the decision
was received in fMsbee yesterday
from Phoenix.
Gleesoa brought the suit against
Mrs. Costello, after the death of her
husband, claiming that he was a part
ner with Costello in the ownership or
the Casey group or claims near
Courtland. In the first trial In the
superior court of this county Gleeson
won the suit. It was appealed to the
supreme court of the state, where the
decision of the lower court was re
versed in entirety. It went to the
supreme court the second time on the
motion for rehearing, which was de
nied Friday.
- - ,, I
x 'SPi'i ' "'r '-si Vso Sfreef Opposite Park
ir" S ' - - . . ......
te-- . 9 . & , -twMt . - - sB
w-' -"r'SBM -.1st'- vO (aff
32 CITIES OF I). S.
E PLACES FOR
E
WW
ARPLAN
LANDING
PeTicerirc? Oppostp Park
ON THIr
n -v-r r"r m- r. m
OUTE
RESCUE SHIPS SAVE
HEAVY JOLL OF LIFE
NORFOLK. Va.. May 24. But for
r n
Warren," Arizona, a mining town of home owners. About 95 of the residents own their own homes, most of them being bought through
the liberal provisions of a building and loan plan. The Calumet & Arizona and the Copper Queen loan money for building to reliable employes
at 5, with repayment in monthly installments over 100 months.
1"he latter, the nearest possime tj,e splendid seamanship of the crews
thing to the soul of the French na- 0f several rescue ships there would
tlon. ARE appreciative of what Amer- have been heavy loss of life as a re
Ica has done in the war. And so are 8Uit or the burning of the Old Bay
the children. j liner Virginia in Chesapeake bay last
The future generation, however, is night, James A. Wilder, chief sea sconr
going to wipe out the sins of the 0f the Boy Scouts of America, one of j
French proHteer. They are learning the survivors, declared today. Mr. i
in school why America entered the wilder was taken aboard the steam
war and what America did to save 8njp Florida.
France. They love America and Amer-i jt was fortunate Mr. Wilder said.
leans. Ask any doughboy if that isn't that the Hre broke out at a time wnen .
so. I have seen them playing with the Virginia was due to meet Chesa-'
the French tots in the c;es and peake boats bound in the opposite di
villages'of France. vThe youngsters rection. Mr. Wilder said men from
will pick out a Yank as a playmate the Florida and other vessels saved
99 times out of 100. ; the entire company aboard the Vir-
The French have begun to realize ginia witn the possible exception of
the damage that has been done by Beveral firemen. The Virginia's o!--Number
One class. M. Paul Benazat, ffcer8 ano; crew, he declared, exhibited
a member of the Chamber of Deputies, great presence of mind and the pas-
INSANITY CHARGE FOR
GIRL SEEING ANGELS
PHOENIX, May 24. An insanity
charge was filed today against Bertha
DRAMATIC RECITAL
ON THURSDAY NIGHT
On next Tuesday evening at 8:15
jit the High school gymnasium the
Smith, who some time ago was de- pupils of Mrs. Maye Esther Thomas
aied permission of the court to change! on English will render a dramat.t:
her name to, "bride elect," and who) recital.
is a member of a family formerly well The San Antonio Express in com-
known in Yavapai county.
Dr. J. A. Aylmer Harding, who filed
the charge, stated that Miss Smith
meuting upon Mrs. English's recital
iu that city says:
"Miss Maye Esther Thomason En-
said:
"It is possible that by some clumsi
ness we have given grounds for critic
ism and that we have furnished arms
and arguments to our calumniators.
But can such language be that of the
men full or passion ior freedom, who,
on setting foot on French soil, ex
claimed 'La Fayette, we are heer!'"
It is even so, Paul! And France's
sengers were calm.
TWO ARE KILLED IN
NOGALES GUN DUEL
NOGALHS. May 4 Privates Ca-
e and Kotp nf th 2.r.th United
only hope in correcting thines is the stafps lnfantry both coiored, are dead
ruture generations. The kiddles don't aR (he resuU of a pjstol due, here to.
want the Americans to leave. j p.
i The men shot each other to death
BRITTON WINS BOUT j Jn the qttnrters of untenant Oem
PHILADELPHIA. May 24-Jack Jma of the 25th re(riment Ca?le be.
Tritton. te welterweight champion, j offlcer8 Btrlker They were
easily outclassed Jimmy . McCabe. Rlone ,n thfl quarterg when the duei
Philadelphia, in a six round bout here, oocurred and what caused the affray
toniSnt- I 1h not known.
had told him of her visions of an In- glish rendered Henry Van Dyke s
ternational temple to be built in ''House of Rimmon' in dramatic recit
Phoenix and of direct messages re-al in the Gunter hotel ballroom Sat
ceived by her from the angels. He ' urday evening. The young artist re
testified that Miss Smith's visions led ' ceived much praise. Thomason is
to her obtaining amounts of money! powerful in her heavy roles, molding
from various people, his own wife, he her characters with a master hand,
said, being among those who had The versatility, poise and elegance of
made loans to the young woman, her work reveal much study and
Judge Stanford took the case under training."
advisement. ' The pupils of Miss English,
j Miss Smith was called as a witness' will participate in the recital
: by her counsel. She told the court Janet Haiupston, Ethel Vinson
she hoped still to build a temple in! da Suttey. Martha Cooper. Emily Mc
Phoenix where all might worship. Its 1 Donald, Mary Reasoner, Amy Fen
proposed seating capacity, she said.! ner Lucille Trenham, Blanche Camp
: would be from 12.000 to 15,000. When bell. Nina Stevens Jeannette Newman.
AMERICAN SWIMMERS
TO CONTEST IN PARIS
PARIS, May 24. Four celebrated
swimmers now in the United States
following demobilization from the
American army will be brought to
Paris to join the American expedi
tionary forces 'team in the swimming
event of the inter-allied games to be
held at Joinville-le-Pont, near Paris,
Juae 22 to July 6. Each holds a rec
ord. They are Lieut. Norman Ross of the
Olympic club, San Francisco; Lieut.
Ludy Langer, Los Angeles Athletic
club; Lieut Michael McDermott, Illi
nois Athletic club, Chicago, Ills., and
George Cunha, Olympic club, San
Francisco, and the Hoalini duly Hono
lulu. . .-
who
are:
Fre-
the court asked her her age, she re
plied with a smile, "over 21."
WINS KING'S PLATfc
Helen McDonald and Dorothy Fenner.
Mis; England will be assisted at
the piano by Blanche Campbell and
John Downs at the violin.
K. OF C. SECRETARIES
NOT TO GO TO FRANCE
FOREIGN 'DRY' LEADERS
ARRIVE IN WASHINGTON
CHICAGO. May 24. On the way to
Washington, D. C-, where on June 4
an effort will be made to co-ordinate
temperance organizations for world
prohibition, a party of foreign oppo
nents of alcohol arrived here today
to attend a meeting tomorrow when
national leaders of prohibition will
protest against removal of the July
1 ban against light wines and beer
as recommended to congress by Pres
ident Wilson. The foreign members
are obtaining first hand view of the
cperation of prohibition laws in "dry"
states and counties and also are ob
serving saloon operation in "wet'
communities.
CANCEL TRACK MEAT
iukumu, uni., may z. uaaaeri
of Light won the King's Plate at thei
Tornto Jocky club Woodbine coure PITTSBURGH. May 24. The thir
today F.fter a hard rinish. Doleful, aj teenth annual inter collegiate and in
Seagram entry, was second, and Hong! terscholastic track and Held meet ot
Kong, another Seagram entry third, the University or Pittsburg was can
Time 2:09 2-5. cHld today due to a heavy track.
BOSTON', May 24. The committee
on war activities or the Knights or
Columbus received a communication
from the war department today sus
pending its authority to send addi
tional secretaries overseas to carry on
work among soldiers in France and
Germany. The committee hu,d ar
ranged a program of athletics and
vaudeville entertainment and 25 ath
letic directors were to leave New
York Jun.l
U. S. COMMISSION TO
VIENNA ENDS WORK
GENEVA. May 24 (By the Associ
ated Press.) The American commis-
i slon at Vienna, having terminated its
! work, is leaving the capital in order
to present its report to Paris and then
return to America.
j The chief or the commission. Prof.
Archibald C. Coolidge, is expected to
; reach Berne within a day or two. and
other members will follow next week.
Important information concerning
questions on the near east has been
ollected.
BY A. E. GELDHOF.
N. E. A. Washington Bureau,
1128-1134 Munsey Bldg.,
WASHINGTON, D. C.
Air terminals in 32 cities and towns,
stretching from the Atlantic to the Pa
cific, and from Canada to Mexico.
An organized national system of air
lanes.
That's the dream of Maj.-Gen.
Charles Menoher, director of the U. S.
Air Service. And he has already be
gun work to make it a reality.
The air service has selected 32
cities in various parts of the country
as sites for air terminals.
These cities are:
Boston, Mass.
New. York City.
Richmond, Va.
Raleigh, N. C.
Columbia, S. C.
Augusta. Ga.
Macon, Ga.
Atlanta, Ga.
Kissimmee, Fla.
Mobile, Ala.,
New Orleais, La.
Baton Rouge, La.
Beaumont, Tex.
Flatonia, Tex.
El Paso, Tex.
"Texarkana, Tex.
Columbus, O.
Tucson, Ariz.
Phoenix, Ariz.
Yuma. Ariz.
Bakersfield. Calir.
Fresno. Calif.
BuKalo, N. Y.
Syracuse, N. Y.
.. Albany, N. Y.
Columbus. N. M.
Kansas City. Mo.
Oklahoma City, Okla.
Uniontown Pa.
Daytona. Fla.
Cleveland. O.
Chicago, Ills..
Reculntions divide the landing rields
into four classes.
The plans for the first class provide
for a square Held 600 yards in dimen
sions or a L-shaped field, with ground
smooth anJ firm in any weather and
without obstacles or ditches, within
half an hour from the heart of the
city, with good transportation facili
ties, electric light, water supply and
sewerage,- and adequate accommoda
tions, supplies and attendants.
The tield must have in its center
a concrete landing in the shape of a
cross, with a circular marker 100 feet
in diameter upon it, bearing the name
o fthe city aid its number in let
ters 15 feet long and 3 feet wide. The
number must also be placed in the
northwest corner.
The second class field marker, in
stead of being a circle, must be two
crossed arrows, three feet wide and
I 90 feet Ions in the case or the largest
i rields.
The third class field need not pos
t sess a concrete landing cross, but
must have a cross-shaped marker. It
need not have permanent attendants
or supplies, but they must be avail
able upon request.
The fourth class Held is for emerg
j ency landing and Its only requirement
; is that it have an arrow three feet;
, wide as a marker. '
j The expense of building these landr
. ing fields must be borne by the mu
nicipalities. '
: "Such a scheme," says General
Menoher, "will not only serve the air
service in cross-country work and tha
i mail service, but it will pave the way
i for local benefits resulting from the
development of inter-city transporta
I tion, express service, emergency serT
: ice, local mapping, police protection,
(etc.
t "We aim to establish in each air
j terminal city a reserve unit which
j can be provided with facilities for in-
struction and practice in flying, ob
I serving, care and repair of airplanes
I and serve in case of emergency. This
! I consider one of the most important
j phases of the whole proposition."
MEXICAN AMBASSADOR
PLEDGES COOPERATION
WASHINGTON, May 24. Ambassa
dor Bonillas of Mexico, who will leave
early next week for Mexico City t
attend to some personal matters and
for a conierence with President Car
ranza, said today he would do all In
his power to clear away misunder
standings and establish more cordial
relations between the United Rtatefl
and his country. EIGHTEEN
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MAY 25, 191
Third Silver Tea Thursday
A silver tea la an outdoor setting
will be an event of Tuesday when Mrs.
Gerald Sherman will entertain at the
the Y. W. C. A. treasury. During the
evening Miss Helyn Treu sang a group
of songs and Mrs. Sam Frankenburg
contributed a piano number, making
third of the series for the benefit of "P program which was most enjoy-
the Y. W. C. A. The shrubbery will
be supplemented by fragrant honey
suckle and roses. The reception hour
will be between 3 and 6 o'clock. The
Sherman home la on Quality hill.
Sweet Pea Tea
Mrs. George Powell was hostess at
a tea Thursday afternoon, using sweet
peas in profusion in attractive decora
tion throughout the rooms. Those who
enjoyed her hospitality were: Mes
dames J. E. Curry, E. E. Ellinwood,
Gerald Sherman, Cleon T. Knapp, Fer
guson, E. H. Broughton, Meade Powell,
Frank L. Wheeler and Misses Hazel
Jiowe and Gertrude-Sherman.
Annual Luncheon of
Twentiethth Century Club
Pale pink gladioli, smilax and rose
buds were used to adorn the table at
the annual luncheon of the Twentieth
Century club, which was held at the
Copper Queen hotel Tuesday. The
guests were seated about a huge table
where Mrs. V. J. Spaulding, retiring
president, and Mrs. William Brake
field, her successor, occupied the
places of honor. Mrs. E. J. Flannigan
was toastmistress. The members who
attended were: Mesdames McClellan,
J. E. Teufert, Charles McDonald, J.
W. Scott, Tom Jewell, John Bevan, J.
W. F. Smith, Henley, George Auster,
C. W. Ruth, F. S. Cundiff, J. Blair,
Snodgrass, P. Reimer, Ed Wickern, J.
C. Clagle, Walker, Marvel Smith. J.
W. Hartman, Callison, R. C. Hyde, Rob
ert Lindon, T. C. Dunlap, Ross Grif
fith, Spink, Fred Davenport, Tom Fos
ter, Ollie Wilson, J. J. Jines and Miss
Edna Sutherland.
able.
Bridge at Warren
Mrs. John Treu entertained thirty
guests at bridge at her home jn War
ren Saturday evening.
MISSIONARY PROGRAM
The ladies of the Baptist church
will meet for a missionary program on
Thursday afternoon. Mrs. H. C.
Compton will be the hostess.
Anona Club Meets
The Anona club met at the home
of Mrs. Wm. Truax Monday evening.
May 19. After a short business meet
ing the evening was spent in sewing.
Those present were: Misses Anna
Streed, Maud Brazil, Lorraine Cain,
Margaret Carette, Opal Core, Floyd
Chancey, Josephine Clouthier, Edith
Kennedy, Evelyn Kennedy, Elizabeth
Stamper, Florence Studley, Anna Wal
lace' Jennie Warren, Lucy Caretto,
Mesdames C. E. Wittig. C. W. Bos
well, F. R. Reynolds, C. T. Dunlap.
The next meeting will be held at the
home of Mrs. F. R. Reynolds, June 9.
The Churches
ST. JOHNS EPISCOPAL
Sunday School, 9:45 a. m.
Morning prayer and address, 11
o'clock.
Thursday, choir practice, 8 p. m.
JACOB M. WHITE. Rector.
WARREN ,
Public worship Sunday. will be at
8 p. m. y
Sunday school every Sunday at 10
a. m.
Public worship at Don Luis at 11
a. m.
Sunday school at Don Luis at 10
a. m.
Sunday school at South Bisbee at
2 p. m.
Christian Endeavor at South Bis
bee at 6:30 p. m.
THOS. A. MITCHELL, Minister.
IS COPPER QUEEN
HOSPITAL MJATRON
Miss Agnes D. Randolph, sister of
Dr. Randolph, has taken up her duties
as matron of the Copper Queen hos
pital. She came here recently from
Virginia.
On Camping Trip
Mr. and Mrs. John Mason Ross and
their family, with Miss Gerry Sher
man as their guest, and Mr. A. G.
McGregor and son, . left yesterday
to spend a month camping in the .Mo
gollon mountains in New Mexico.
Visiting Son and Daughter
Mrs. J. T. Caseity of St. Petersburg,
Fla,, arrived this week to spend the
summer months at the home of her
son and daughter, Mr. and Mrs. T. L.
Houston. Mr. Houston has taken up
the duties of assistant manager of the
PheJptyDodge (store at Douglas, but
Mrs. Houston will . remain here for
some time.
U. S. MAJOR TO HAVE
TAMPICO MEMORIAL
WASHINGTON. May 24. Employ
es of the American Oil Companies in
the Tampico oil fields plan to erect
a mcnument at Tampico, Mexico to
the memory of Major George W.
Farwell of Tacoma Wash, who was
killed in action in Flanders while
leading his men of the 361st Infantry
against the Germans. Request for
permission to place, the memorial has
been sent to the Mexcan govern
ment. Major Farwell was employed as a
civil engineer in the Tampico fields
when the United States entered the
war and he was largely instrumental
In inducing the American employes
to remain on the job and not to car
ry out their intention to return to
the United States and enlist. Offi
cials here said that had the men left
the government would have been se
riously embarrassed through the cur
tailment of oil production that would
have followed.
EVANGELICAL LUTHERAN
Services in the Warren Red Cross
building, across from the C. & A. of
fice, Monday evening at 8 o'clock.
Theme for discussion, "Teach Us
to Pray."
"Whatever ye shall ask the Father
in my name, it shall be given you."
Children's Bible class at 7 p. m.
AH welcome.
PAUL LUT'KE, Pastor, 878 Green
street, Douglas, Ariz.
FIRST BAPTIST
9:45 a. m., Bible school. A separate
room for every class.
11:00 a. m.. Sermon by pastor.
Theme, "Christian Watchfulness."
5:30 p. m., B. Y. P. U., Jr., meeting,
Rev. Carver, leader.
6:30 p. m., B. Y. P. U., Sr., meeting,
Mfss Ferron, president.
7:30 p. m., Song and prayer service.
8:00 p. m.. Sermon by pastor.
Theme, "History of Judas."
Rev. F. W. Taylor, D. D., pastor of
the First Baptist church of Yuma,
Ariz., will arrive Monday to commence
a, revival meeting at the Baptist
church. Rev. Taylor is one of the best
evangelists in the northern Baptist
convention. We want everybody to
come and attend these services and
feel at home. We give you a warm wel
come. This meeting is for every man,
woman and child in the Warren dis
trict. These meetings will continue
for at least two weeks, every evening
at 8 o'clock.
H. C. COMPTON, Pastor.
PRESBYTERIAN
Morning service, 11 o'clock. Rev.
Frederick Sager, chaplain of Douglas.
Christian Endeavor, 6:30 p. m.
r There will be no evening service.
500 Club Luncheon
In honor of Mrs. Ross Griffith who
will leave soon to make her home in
Nogales, Mrs. Ed Wicker entertained
the members of the Thursday 500 club
at a luncheon Thursday. . Blue and
yellow used to give the color note. In
vited to pay the farewell compliment
to Mrs. Griffith were Mesdames John
Chain, Harry Hayes, Jurnel Hoesch,
Ralph, J. E. Sullivan, McNeal, Smock,
Reynolds, Brownie, Playfair, Tonkin,
Fred Cowan and Stock3.
Thousands of people every
morning start the day right by
including The Bisbee Daily
Review with their breakfast.
Why not you?
Afternoon Bridge
Mrs. Frank Wheeer entertained two
tables at bridge at her home in War
ren Wednesday afternoon. A few
guests came in later for tea. '
St. John's Guild Meeting
The meeting of the St. John's Guild
will be held Wednesday afternoon at
the- home of Mrs. J. Fatten on
Mosan Hill. It will be the last meet
ing of the season, the guild' adjourning
at this time .intil September, Vi
Girls' Camp to Open
Miss Martha Greley, girls socretaiy
of the Y. W. V. A., left Friday morn
ing for Miller's canyon to open the
camp for the season. The first group
of campers left Saturday morning
land the grade girl formerly opened
the resort. Those who Included the
first group were: Thelma Andrus,
Lillie de Shaza, Dorothy Jacksun, Leila
Nylander, Ilino Nyman, Hattio Keley,
Frances Toani. KvrdH Daume, Hazel
Marvin, Beatrice Downing. Irina Dix,
Joyce Gibson, Florence Hay Scott,
Thclma .A ox; Mary Marshal I ( Mary
Lippert, Lora Shewin, Willio Kowe.
Elozabeth Hamar, Edna t'hain. Jos
ephine Wahlslegel and Jean Willi.'in
son. Inquiries legardin the possibil
ity of sccuriug ac c:onuiu.datii:i at tile
camp were received this week front
tho Y. W. ('.. A. secretary at Tucson.
It is probable (hat if suitable arrange
ments can be made a number of junior
girls will come up for a time and that
the business women-of (hit city will
join tho' business girls of Hi-bee dir
ing (he week of June 2S to July :;.
IN THE SUPERIORCOURT OF THE
State of Arizona, in and for the
County of Cochise.'
CITATION
In the matter of the Estate of Matt
Slautz, Deceased.
To A. F. Borrego, administrator of
the estate of Matt Slautz, deceased;
Alice B. Brown, the person who claims
an interest in the estate of said deced
ent, and John Doe, Jane Doe, Mary
Roe and Richard Roe, whose true
names are unknown, and who art
therefore mentioned by fictitiou
uanies:
Alice B. Brown, having on the 14tt
day of May, 1919, filed in this Court
a petition praying that this Courl
ascertain and declare the rights of all
persons interested in the above named
estate, and to whom distribution
should be made;
You are hereby required to appear
before this Court on the 26th day of
July, 1919, and set forth the nature and
extent of your respective claims in
and to the property of the estate of
said decedent, the same being person
al property.
Witness, the Hon. Alfred C. Lock
wood, Judge of the Superior Court,
Tombstone, Cochise County, Arizona,
this 15th day of May, 1919.
Attest: J. E. JAMES,
(Seal) Clerk of the Superior Court.
REORGANIZED CHURCH OF JESUS
CHRIST OF LATTER DAY SAINTS
(Opposite Warren laundry.)
Sunday school, 10 a. in.
Religio society, 6:45 p. m.
Preaching, 11 a. m. and 8 p. ni.
Mission service at city park, 5 p. m.
Come and bring your friends.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
The Christian Science society of
Bisbee hold services in the Odd Fel
lows' hall every Sunday morning at
11 o'clock. The Sunday school con
venes at 10 a. m. To both these serv
ices the public i3 cordially iavited.
Subject for Sunday, May 25, "Soul
and Body."
METHODIST EPISCOPAL
At 11 o'clock there will be a memo
rial service for the soldiers and sail
ors who gave their lives in the grea
war, two of whom were from this con-1
gregation.
At 7:30 the final reports of the j
centenary drive will be made.
"Sunday school at 9:45 a. tu.
Epworth League meeting at 6:45
p. m.
Meeting of Official Board Tuesday
night at 7:45.
C. W. HARSIIMAK
Phone it to The Review if
it's news.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BIOBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
Second Silver Tea Success
Oue of the prettiest ufljirs tt Mm
week was the hilver lea which Mrs.
John Treu pive on Wednesday even
ing: The buccebs of the affair was
declared in a bubbt.iuti.il urc ai'.l 1 :
RoJiavcs
in
r --' ilTl it
Bladder
t'rtnary
Disorders
Texas Oil has made over Sev
enty Millionaires total 90-
day production valued at
$26,988,205.20.
the first quarter of 1919 oil ship-!
ments from Texas amounted to lo.
. 650,230.11 barrels. New discover
ies are increasing this daily. Now
is the time to get in on the FOR
TUNES being made in TEXAS
OIL. Here is a WINNER
RANGER-BROOKS
' Capitalized for $300.0'0.00, par
value $1.00. Management of this
company is in the hands of some
of TEXAS' FOREMOST oil men.
RANGER-BROOKS OIL Co. now
own 2.76S acres in the producing
area c.f HAXGER and some ot ;
which is in DE LEON oil pools.
Action is the watchword in this
stock buy NOW at $1.00 per share
wiro al our expense.
FREE This House publishes a TEX
AS OIL market letter. Authentic
news up to the minute write for i ;
we will lo pleased to place you on
our list. Your buying, and soiling or
ders will be executed with wvery care."
Highest bank references furnished.!
. RELIABLE BROKERS WANTED
A. M. GILLESPIE CO.
Licensed Brokers
Not Promoters
Oil Operators Blc'g ,
Fort Worth Texas i
The most desired of Fash
ion's favorites. For the warm
weather season 4re all here.
Many novelties in silken ma
terials as well as cottons, in
the showing of summer style's
Women's
Georgette Blouses
at $4.95
A Blouse Sale That is a Sale
Extraordinary
They are fine blouses fashionable
youthful looking blouses that wo
men like shown in white, flesh,
victory red, maize, over seas blue,
peach and nile, handsomely bead
ed and embroidered smart col
larless style. Others with collars
round or square neck, in good
quality georgette, sizes 36 to 44. ;
worth 57.50, Monday only, at $4.95
Women's Voile
Blouses at 98c
A sale of pretty summer blouses in
voile and sheer fine, batiste shown
in plain and dainty striped effects
trimmed with dainty lace "and"
touches of hand embroidery pret
ty collars In the new round or
square neckmodels some are tail
ored with roll collars- of pique big
buttons, sizes !36-to 44. Regular
$1.50 values, Monday at ... 98c
A Sale
Millinery $9.95
HATS WORTH UP TO $16.50
Beautiful Summer Hats including many new arrivals
"fn this wonderfully timely sale of Summer Millinery.
In it there are
"Pretty Pattern Hats of Georgette Crepe.
Milans,. Liserie and Maline Hats and many beautiful
combinations in
Ge'orgette Crepe and Fancy Straws, large medium
and small.
Suit Hats, fancy anc'- tailored models, all colors.
Choice Monday, at $9.95.
Millinery show room second floor.
New Envelope
Purses and Hand
Bags $1.39
Over 20 different styles to choose
from in leather and silks fitted
with mirrors and coin purse
colors, black, blue and taupe.
Special at . $1.39
SUMMER STYLED COR
SETS IN NEW COMFORT
FORMS
These new style corsets combine
perfect form fitting with coolness
in wear, giving the wearer the cor
rect silhouette with a fraction of
fit so much desired.
BON- TON CORSETS
A delightful combination of style,
fit, quality and ease, in flesh and
white, $3.50 to $12.00
LA CAMILLE CORSETS
Our Corsetieres will gladly show
you the new models, ventelated
back in flesh and white,
$2.25 to $12.00
ROYAL WORCESTER CORSETS
One soon finds out that their fine
fitting qualities and long wear are
truly economy Priced from
$1.25 to $3.50
All fittings free and guaranteed.
2nd Floor
An Unusual Offering of Brand New Line
CapeSj Suits and Dolmans
' Many of these are in lighter weight material, suitable for summer wear, and all
of them are in style that will be popular all season. They represent big money
savings for excellent garments.
In materials of tricotine, serge, pairet, twill and gaberdine.
Note the following reductions
mBfK
S25.00 Suits and Dolmans reduced
to $17.95
$30.00 Suits and Dolmans reduced
to $21.45
$35.00 Suits and Dolmans reduced
to ,....$24.95
$39.50 Suits and Dolmans reduced
to $28.50
$45.00 Suits and Dolmans reduced
to $32.50
$55.00 Suits and Dolmans reduced ,
to $39.95
$60.00 Suits and Dolmans reduced
to $42.95
$,65.00 Suits and Dolmans reduced
to $44.95
K3nL .Sfl
New Summer Frocks
FOR GRADUATION CONFORMATION AND AFTERNOON WEAR
Styles that; are strikingly different from anything shown, this season.
Crisp new, organdies in white and all the wanted dainty colorings, such aa
green, and also dotted Swiss. Prices ranging from $18.50 to $37.50
Second Floor
New Silks
Arriving Daily
The Fair silk section is gaining
the reputation for having the new
est silks in 3 large assortment
Women are learning more than
ever what fine silks are to be
found here, and are taking advan
tage of the reasonable prices.
Beautiful summer silks in smart
effects in single colors as well as
stripes, plaids- and many novel pat
terns in prints, in silken texture of
all the popular weaves for summer
wearing.
The Fair silk section is always
a little in advance with silks of the
minute it will be worth one's,
while to pay this department a
visit
t Main Floor
New Patterns in Pretty
Wash Goods
Here ..-is an unusually pleasing assortment of fashionaible
wash goods, selected particularly for their suitability to styl
ish wear. Many entirely new patterns in this showing of
VOILES ORGANDIES LAWNS
FLAXONS DIMITIES TISSUES
And dozens of ether pretty materials in pleasing patterns
for dresses, skirts and blouses.
Main Floor
HERES HOSIERY THAT
THE SUMMER GIRL
WILL LIKE
Colors that rival the butterfly
wing a web like texture softer
and smoother than a spider
weaves and among the novelties
pretty hosiery to go with that new
summer frock, which is dainty as
the stuff that dreams are made of.
ur selection for summer is at
its height in all the popular nov
elties as well as staple lines for
women and misses.
Main Floor
Sport Jewelry
IN CLEVER DESIGNS
You must see these new designs
in sport jewelry, including both
necklets as well as the longer
necklaces.
Main Floor
Traveling Week
FOR DEPENDABLE LUGGAGE COME TO THE FAIR
This Week We Are Showing
Trunks, Bags and Suit Cases
For the delight of travelers, whoever they may be, wherever they may be bound laud
wards, oceanwards on a trip around the world or a brief vacation SO miles from home
The Fair's luggage will take you there and will be with you on your return. You may de
pend upon getting the best that money will buy we positively stand in back o our goods.
We are the v exclusive selling agents for the Famous Hartman Trunks.
For this week we are showing the largest and most complete assortment of Trunk6,. Suit
Cases and Bags every style and size wanted are here.
i J j?
Wardrobe Trunks ...$55.00. to $135.00
Dress and Box Trunks $20.00 to $50.00
Steamer Trunks .....$16.50 to $30.00
GENUINE LEATHER, SUIT CASES
$11.50 'to $30.00
MATTING AND CANE DRESS SUIT CASES
$3.50 to $5.00
Women's Black
Traveling Bags, $5.00
Sizes,. 1 , 17 and IS.
Well my c lev bra5? catches
--And links:
Specially uriefd this week at $5.00
GENUINE LEATHER TRAVELING. BAGS -$12.50
to $30.00
Bags
$7.50 and $10.00
An offering of traveling bags in blacli
and brown -lug shapes notably well made
and lined.
- A". IT and IS hu h sizes.
-A very special opportunity Monday in th
limgam section at the Fair.
2nd Floor
White Shoes
FOR WOMEN AND GIRLS
Both in pumps and in high boots
they represent the very best in
leathers and fabrics, while the
styles are exclusive and smart
prices very reasonable.
Summer Sandals
FOR LITTLE BOYS AND GIRLS
Get them their summer footwear now
when they will get the longest wear out ol
it.
Prices will not be less
for waiting and the
newest styles are now
alf here.
Good Leather
Shoes
FOR MEN AND BOYS
Shoes made of solid leather that give
good wear and the styles are equal to the
best anywhere, while the prices are very
much less.
Shoe Department Main Floor THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MAY 25, 1919
NINETEEN
SIXTH INSTALLMENT NEW HEART THROB STORIES OF
"How Men Make Love"
6 6
W
o
c)9
inn
Jf LJ Li Ll LH
BY O. B. JOYFUL.,
Dr. D. T. MacDougall, noted botan
ist, has invented a dendragraph, which
Is fastened to the trunk of a tree for
the purpose of recording Jta dally
variations in size during the growing
season.
And Al Right is experimenting with
a dendragraph which may be tied to
a radish to tell when " it's big enough
to eat.
o o o
Oh, You Lady Barber!
A .Chicago lady barber stuck her
scissors half way through John Kltter
nian's wrist.
"Honest, doctor, I'm glad she wasn't
shaving me when I hugged her," he
said.
o o o
THIS, TOO, HAPPENED IN CHI.
Vau Ton Lee had never had his
shoes shined "Melican style." He too
'era off and 'sent them to a Chicago
bootblacking establishment.
An hour later, back In his laundry,
he happened to remember the crisp
$200 bill he had stuffed in the toe
for safe keeping. He rushed back to
the bootblackery, where this sign
greeted him: "Gone Out of Business."
o o o
"When that much proposed-to young
lady gets through telling "How Men
Make Love" Mr. Al Right Is going to
write a snappy little serial entitled,
"How June Brides Can't Fry Eggs."
O O O
Liquid Lore
Uncle Ezra These city fellows will
find it mighty hard to go without their
booze.
Uncle Eben Yep, and it takes years
or experience before a fellow gets to
know just which patent medicines con
tain the most alcohol. Judge.'
o o o
Suchislife In Yonke-s
YONKERS, N. Y. Ben Anthony
appeared before City Judge Gowdy to
see If something couldn't be'done to
prevent girls from wearing buckles on
their hats. Anthony said every ntgnt
when he returns home from work the
street car is crowded with young wom
en and that nearly every one of them
wir bright buckles on their hats.
"Reflections from the buckles strike
me in the eyes," he said, "and as a
result my eyes are now so sore and
inflamed that I have to wear blue
goggles."
"Why don't you look down?" asked
the judge.
"Some wear bright buckles on their
slippers, too," Anthony complained.
"Well, then, look out the window,"
suggested the judge.
o o
"Hosiery Buyers" or "petticoat pur
chasers" might easily write the plays
now catering to Broadway taste, de
clared Rabbi Stephen S. Wise, in a
scorching criticism of undress on the
New York stage in what he called
"lingerie drama."
And here are a few of the Broad
way plays:
"Good Morning, Judge," "Listen
Lester," "Come Along" on "A Little
Journey" 'Up in Mabel's Room," where
we'll have "Tea for 3" with "The Wo
man in Room 13," for, "Take It From
Me" "She is a Good Fellow."
"Come on Charley," in "The Crowd
ed Hour" "It Happens to Every
body" "Some Time," so "Toot Sweet,"
"Tumble In" and -Please Get Mar
ried" for "I Love You."
"Pretty Soft." eh?
o o o
But the Race Soon Ends
"I am afraid that your son is a fol
lower of Bacchus," said the preacher
who was calling on old Gotrox.
"A follower!" exclaimed old Gotrox.
"Why, he caught up with that guy
Bacchus and passed him years ago."
Milwaukee Sentinel.
o o o
Be it ever so humble there's no
place like jail...
Carrol county (111.) thought it was
punishing a Mexican hobo by send
ing him to Jail and fining him the
cost for some little infraction ot the
law. He was the only guest in the
jail, and got to like It bo well when
his terra was ended he refused to pay
the costs and now they can't release
him from the jail. Law says he must
stay until he pays the costs of tn
trial, and he wont' pay because he
says it's the best and cheapest board
ing house he ever was In.
SYMPATHY STRIKE BY
L. A. SHIP WORKERS
LOS ANGELES. May 24. All union
employes of the Los Angeles Ship
building company at San Pedro will
strike Monday in sympathy with 600
machinists who struck several days
ago, it was announced today by J. W.
Connelly, president of the Los An
geles Metal Trades council. The ma
chinists struck because of alleged dis
crimination by the company against
union men In reduction of Its working
force. Th company denied discrimi
nation. Connelly said th machinists h-ve
been unable to make satisfactory set
tlement with the company.
BY JUNE ELVIDGE,
The Most Proposed-To Woman in the
World
What girl has not encountered the
persistent lover? The man who will
not take No for an answer?
It is a good thing that many lovers
are of this type. A good many girls
say "NO" quite expecting that their
lovers will not take it as final. And
many times they would be sadly dis
appointed if "No" was really accepted
as closing the matter.
There is only one thing to do with
a really persistent lover MARRY
HIM.
It's the only sure way to get rid of
him. And that is what usually bap
pens and It is usually quite a satis
factory solution of the problem.
A good many girls like Jo be court
ed assiduously. For them the persis
tent lover is a godsend. If they re
fuse him once, they know he will not
become discouraged. Even if they pre
tend anger, they know that he will
seek his fortune again.
Man has ever been the seeker wo
man the teought after. Because wo
man is the conservator of the race, she
has been more interested in the fami
ly than man. She has been the pas
sive element, man the active element
of the equation. In this way the nat
ural forces of evolution have develop
ed the persistent lover the persistent
seeker after his mate. And his mate
does well to yield in her own good
time--as she almost always does.
The Persistent Lover
Next The Society Lover.
LEAPS FROM PLANE
TO PLANE IN MIDAIR
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., May 24.
Lieut. Omar Locklear, formerly with
the air service of the army, today gave
a demonstration, said to be the first
in the annals of flying, of catching a
dangling rope ladder from a second
airplane and climbing into the craft
from which it hung. The feat was
done at an altitude of 2500 feet, ire
has leaped from one plane to another
in the air before, but never made an j
ascent from one plane to another. J
The performance was one of the
features of the day's flying events
held here in connection with the Tan
American Aeronautic convention.
: v s?iV?V VAVl
There is only one thing to do with a persistent lover
the only sure vway to get rid of him.
-Marry Him! It's
Business Locals
L. L. Gilman sells the New Edison.
"The Phonograph With a Soul" Adv.
Breakfast at the Cafeteria will be
discontinued commencing Friday, May
23d. M-25
C. E. IRVING
Painting, paper hanging and decorat
ing. Interior decorating a specialty.
85 Main street. Phone Black 279. M-28
15,000 CHEER HANK GOWDY
BOSTON, May 24. More than 15,
000 admirers cheered Henry ("Hank")
Gowdv when he took his place behind
the bat today for the Boston National
league club In the game with Cincin
nati for the first time since his re
turn from overseas. Mayor Peters
presented a gold watch and $800 in
Victory bonds to Gowdy. "Buck" Her
zog then presented a steamer trunk
from his teammates. Gowdy was ac
claimed as the first major league play
er to enter the army.
ATTENTION, YEOMEN
Short session of lodge, followed by
dancing at next meeting, Tuesday,
May 27, in the old Pythian Castle, on
O. K. street. All members requested
to be present.
M-27 E. D. STINSON, Cor.
Spring cleaning time Is Here. Line
the shelves and boxes with paper.
They can be had for 23c a bundle at
The Review office.
READ REVIEW WAIT ADS.
TRY THE WANT AD WAY.
Lodge Notices
MAY 31, 1919
Monday 3d Deg.
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
THOMAS HARGIS. W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y F. & A. M.
W. R, BANKS. E. H. P.
N. C. -ULEDSOE, T. I. M.
J. L. POWELL, a C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Coancfl.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I., Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesdays at old
Pythian Castle. Visiting Archers are
cordially invited.
F. W. TURNER. Foreman.
Phone Black 256, PO. Box 981. Warren.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent.
Box 1496. Phone Red 384.
'3
BACKACHE.
Umber Up With Penetrating :
Hamlin' Wizard Oil
t A harmless and effective prepara
tion to relieve the pains of Rheuma
tism, Sciatica, Lame Back and Lum
bago is Hamlin's Wizard OiL It pen
etrates quickly, drives out soreness,
and limbers up stiff aching joints and
muscles.
You have no idea how useful it
will be found in cases of every day
ailment or mishap, when there is
need of an immediate healing, anti
septic application, as in cases of
sprains, bruise3, cuts, burns, bite
and stings.
Get it from druggists for 30 cents.
If not satisfied return the bottle and
get your money back.
Ever constipated or have sick
headache? fust try Wizard Liver
Uhips, pleasant little pink pills, 30
cents. Guaranteed.
DANCE JUNE 9
The Catholic ladies are meeting
with success in selling tickets for
their benefit dance the night of June
9th at City park. Good music will be
furnished and the ladies will serve
refreshments. Jn-8
John P. Steffes
, General Contractor
Phone 667. Res. Red 867.
HEAVY CONSTRUCTION ROOF
ING JOBBING CEMENT WORK
Thousands of people every
morning start the day right by
including The Bisbee Daily
Review with their breakfast.
Why not you?
CATARRH
of the
BLADDER
relieved in
.24 HOURS
Each Cap- f
Bule bears th (M1DY)
name
'Vf Trf o f cow . erfrt ie
I Mvfp
j- r 1 1 1 Til J,?,
; L
11
MARINELLO
Astringent Mask
followed by use of Astringent
Cream and Lotion at home, pre
vents that oily appearance of
nose and cheeks, permitting proper
use of powder.
Used and recommended by more
than 3500 Beauty Shops.
Sample aad Booklet on Skin Care Fr
McDonald's Marinello
Shop Phone 305
I
3i
I'
Ugly, Unsightly Pimples
Are Signals of Bad Blood
Give Heed to the Warninsr.
Pimples on the face and other
parts of the body are warnings from
Nature that your blood is sluggish
and impoverished. Sometimes they
foretell eczema, boils, blisters, scaly
eruptions and other skin disorders
that burn like flames of fire.
; They mean that your blood needs
S. S. S. to purify it and cleanse it of
these impure accumulations that can
cause unlimited trouble. Thi3 remedy
is the greatest vegetable blood puri
fier known, and contains no minerals
or chemicals to injure the most deli
cate skin.
Go to your drugstorerand get a
bottle of S. S. S. today, and get rid
of those unsightly and disfiguring
pimples, and other skin irritations.
And it will cleanse yourblood thor
oughly. If you wish special medical
advice, you can obtain it without
charge by writing to Medical Direc
tor, 29 Swift Laboratory, Atlanta,
Georgia.
s
tore
News
This Is Going To Be
The Day Of Days
The
uy In Texas
IF YOU DON'T THINK SO DON'T BUY IT
Well Due. In At Ranger
We Are Bound To Get A Gusher
WE CANT MISS IT BECAUSE WE ARE
Surrounded By Gushers
April 24th The Brazos well, 2500 feet Northwest from our property
broke loose April 24th, making 5,000 barrels.
Ranger Texas Well on Booles farm, about 2,500 feet Southwest,
came in April 26, making better than 2,000 barrels per day and in
creasing. Texas Company well, about 3,000 feet Southeast, flowing over
1,000 barrels a day.
The Crosby well, 1,500 feet west of us came in May third, making
over 2,500 barrels a day.
Four wells having come in within the past twenty days, all making
better than 1 ,000 barrels a day and not a single one over 3,000 feet
away, and some less than 1,000 feet away REMEMBER, these
wells completely surround us on all sides. We start at once to drill
another well on the same tract That's how sure we are that Weimar
No. 1 will be a sure one.
FURTHER NEWS LISTEN ATTENTIVELY WE WILL BE IN
THE BLACK LIME
Tomorrow
Fuortheir News
We are drilling at Burkburnett. Block 75. These famous wells are
our neighbors: Burk-Waggoner, Golden Cycle, Thrift No. 1, Thrift
No. 2 and United.
We are drilling in Block 75, only 700 feet South of the Golden Cycle
well which came in a short while ago, making better than 4,000 bar
rels daily, 1,000 feet from the famous United, 2,500 feet from the
famous Burk-Waggoner, and about 1 ,5 00 feet from Thrift No. 1 and
No. 2. We are down today better than 1 ,000 feet.
LISTEN FURTHER:
You want to make a safe investment, don't you ?
You want to get big returns, don't you?
Well, here is what is behind every dollar you invest: '
One well due in' Ranger on our 44-acre tract alone, worth
better than $120,000.
Another well being started on the same tract at once.
Well drilling Block 75 Burkburnett, on our 5-acre tract worth
from $10,000 to $15,000 per acre.
Another well being started on our 5-acre tract in Block 73.
Over 1,500 acres valuable leases in North Central Texas
oil fields
Six producing wells Humble oil fields.
High class business men of good standing behind company.
Plenty of money in the Treasury.
Hundreds of stockholders in Arizona, New Mexico and Cal
ifornia. Many have investigated personally and say it's the best
buy in Texas.
YOU SHARE IN ALL WE OWN AND ALL WE REALIZE ,
Only A Limited Amount of Stock For
Sale at $2.00 Per Share
Wire your order in don't wait do it today beore Weimar stock
takes another advance. Liberty Bonds at par.
ASK THESE PEOPLE WHO WE ARE:
City National Bank of Dallas, Dallas, Texas.
First National Bank of Ranger, Ranger, Texas.
First State Bank, Weimar, Texas.
El Paso Bank and Trust Co., El Paso, Texas.
City National Bank. Wichita Falls, Texas.
DUN and BRADSTREETS.
You Are Investing Your Money
With These Men:
i B
who have paid dollar for dollar for their stock.
Study the men behind the Weimar Oil Company
who are backing their judgment with their money
as well as advising their friends to buy:
W. J. DOBBS, President Weimar, Texas (office
Dallas),, experienced oil operator, who stands hi?h
in his community. Invites investigation. His judg
ment on oil properties Is recognized among the
large companies of Texas.
A. P. BECK, Vice President For nearly thirty
years a merchant at Weimar, Texas, who has done
business with many whole sale firms of Texas, and
we will recommend his business judgment and his
integrity as highly as any man in Texas.
W. F. MILLER President of the First State Bank
at Weimar, is treasurer of the company, and well
known in banking circles throughout Texas. The
large part of the stock of .this company was sub
scribed in the town of Weimar unsolicited because
of their faith in the officers of this company.
JAY L. NYSEWANDER Vice President and Gen
eral Manager of this company Is an experienced and
successful oil operator.
Do You Believe in These Men Do You Think They Would Advise Their Closest 1
rnends on Anything Wrong? Never.
Mime
The Wiemar
Company
A Texas Corporation
Capital $100,000 $2.00 Per Share
Mills Bldg., El Paso, Texas
WEIMAR OIL COMPANY
Mills Bldg. El Paso Texas.
I hereby subscribe for shares of
Weimar Oil Company stock $2.00 per share and
enclose herewith $ for same.
Name
Address -
nHnMMMsVHB TWENTY
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MAY 25, 1919
&ht iBxsbv? 53aily Sternum
Published Every Day Exceot Monday, by the Stats Consolidated Publishing
Ccmpany
l V
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press Is exclusively entitled to the use for re-publlcatlon
of all news dispatches credited to It or not otherwise credited to this paper,
and also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-pubMcation of special dispatches herein are also reserved
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per month ................ .............. ..
Six months .
Twelve months
Sunday (our weekly) per year
Statements to our subscribers are rendered on or about the first of every
month. If you receive our paper through a City Carrier, he will bring your
statement to your door for collection. Make all checks payable to The Bisbee
Daily Review. Thosedesirlng subscriptions for more than one month may se
cure them by advising The Review office.
The Dream Will Come True
We have before us a photograph of an American soldier's Cemetery
in France.
It is so clear that many of the names on the grave markers can be
plainly read.
The names indicate that thote lying there were of many races and
nations of the earth, either by their own or their parents' birth.
But all were Americans.
Americans in spirit, at least. ,
They or their parents came here from lands of castes and kings, and
small opportunity.
Many even from injustice and oppression.
These boys of many races and nations died that the oppression
might not come to our land, which was their land of promise.
They died that the American spirit, democracy, might become
world-wide.
And now the struggle in which they fell is over, we that remained
at home, or have -come home, are going to to see to it that these boys
shall not have died in vain.
The menace to our democracy, a common enemy, has made us all
more akin in America.
It has intensified the democratic spirit within.
And now, we are going to show more of that spirit to the brothers
and sisters of those boys the spirit that they showed with their lives
in a common cause those boys of all races and nations Who now lie
in the American cemeteries of France.
We will show them more consideration in our daily social and bus
iness relations.
We, all of us, older Americans in knowledge and experience with
our institutions, will aid them to become better Americans, and by these
acts we will ourselves become better Americans.
We will in time to come perfect ;our democracy that the dreams of
social and economic justice and freedom of which the world in all these
centuries has vaguely or vividly dreamed, will come true, and that these
boys of all races and nations who died in" that cause shall not have died
in vain.
Oh Boy!
employment and living conditions, not
only in Arizona, but throughout the
country. Despite the fact that from
7500 to 10,000 men have been thrown
out of employment in the state since
the copper companies commenced cur
tailing production, following the sign
ing of the armistice, there is still a de
mand for skilled mine workers. It fur
ther stated that this demand is slight
ly greater than the supply.
Preparing To Live
There is no doubt that mixing with men is a great experience in
training for your life work, but it is also important to know nature and
books and God.
. If you depend exclusively upon your knowledge of men, you will
unconsciously absorb much of their narrowness anc prejudice, and thus
look out upon life through the eyes of pessimism, and there will develop
in you a certain worldly-wise attitude which will effectively shut out the
sweetest and purest things in Human life.
But when you open your mind and heart and allow nature to speak
to you, and read the conclusions and experiences of the world's best
writers as found in worth-while books, and if, principally, you are willing
to permit God to rule and direct you, It doesn't matter what your job
may foe you'll be bigger for it and it will be better for you.
Moses spent 40 years in the back woods as a shepherd, so that he
might quietly prepare his own heart and mind for the great task of
delivering the millions of Israelites from the bondage of Egypt.
David likewise spent many years of hia life in solitude tending his
father's flocks on the hillsides of Bethlehem, where he "communed"
wwith nature, and with nature's God, and he became the "sweet singer of
Israel" the composer of the wonderful psalms which even today thrill
the heart or the world.
Paul, although splendidly educated in the universities of his day,
went into solitude for three years, so that he might think things through,,
before he ventured to become the greatest missionary in sacred history.
There's Music in The Air
It used to be said that America didn't care much for music. It was
stated, and truthfully, that music bulked but lightly in American, life.
Fears were expressed for America's future because of its lack of mus
ical harmony because of its disregard for the tunefulness of life.
It's not so very long ago that only .the old foot-driven parlor organ
wheezed and whined for a few dismal notes here and there among the
rich homes of the towns and aroused awe and some apprehension among
the moKsbacks. It doesn't take such a very old individual to recall the
days when the silver cornet band and the square piano in Squire Daw
son's home were the only contributors to the musical life of almost any
community.
But now listen to America! There's music here, there, and every
where "canned music" to a large extent, that's true, hut so delight
fully canned that it is almost better than the original article. Pianos,
bands, high class orchestras delighting thousands every day in the
movie theatres, talking machines by the hundreds of thousands, great
pipe organs all these are daily doing their bit for the musical life of
America. And America enjoys it how this nation does enjoy it!
If Your Memory is Too Good, Practice Forgetting
The other day we heard about a man whose memory is too. good.
We are not jealous of him at all.
If he reads a book this man remembers the' whole book from begin
ning to end. And when he tries to remember a chapter in the middle or
near the end of the book, he has to go clear back to the beginning and
think his way through from the start of it up to where the stuff is he
wants to get at now. If he is thinking about the Bible and wants to talk
about Mosew, he has to go back and think about Adam and Eve and Cain
and Abel and Noah and the Ark, until at last he gets to Moses.
Do you see, friend? If your memory is too good then you remember
a lot of stuff that you don't need at all.
If your head keeps only what is important to you, only what you
want to remember, then you have a memory that is not too good but
Just good enough.
After all, that's about all there is to a good memory system: Make
up your mind what you want to remember, let the rest go, forget it.
She Stood at The Gate Welcoming Him In
There are policemen in several of our large American, cities who
make a practice of testing the degree of disability of .a person detained,
on account of disorderly conduct, by requiring such person to pronounce
the words:
"She stood at the gate welcoming him in."
Progress J3 rapid and easy on the first five words. The last three
might almost trap a perfectly sober person into a hesitant stammer. In
fact, we have known total abstainers to attempt a fast pronunciation of
this sentence and when it ramn to sayiug "welcoming him in," they
fcecarue suspicious of their own mental and oral condition.
After July 1 maybe there will be less trouble about this whole
business of making a strong man, able to do a 'big day's work, stand
up before five policemen repeating the words:
"She stood at the gate welcoming him in."
JOINT MEMORIAL DAY
PHOENIX. May 24. First of the
great national holidays to be cele
brated jointly by the American and
Spanish speaking people of the com
munity. Memorial Day, will be hon
ored by Phoenix this year with an
opening meeting in the Monroe school
auditorium, May S, commencing at
8 o'clock in the evening. Americans
and Mexicans will unite In commemo
rating the lives of their soldiers who
fought for the country in France.
TO ENLARGE HOEL
PHOENIX. May 24. Construction
of a big addition to the Jefferson hot
tel, which will double the size and
capacity of. the present structure, is
to commence at once, according to an
nouncement made yesterday by Hal
Bird and R. M. Monaghan, proprietors
by lease of the hotel, which is owned
by Salim Ackel. A deal was effected
yesterday by which the property, for
150 feet east of the hotel fronting on
Jefferson street, was transferred from
the ownership of Leo Goldschmidt of
Tucson and Marshall Humphreys to
that of the Jefferson hotel people.
MINE MACHINERY ARRIVES
MIAMI, May 2. A new carioad of
mill machinery arrived today for the
Miami Mining and Milling company,
and will be transferred at once to the
property at the new town of Doak,
where a force of men are busily engag
ed excavating for the complete instal
lation oj the new 50-ton plant. A
number of leasers are going to work
at once, and the company is ready to
start on full time.
SHIPPING APRICOTS
GLENDALE, May 24. Express ship
ments of apricots are now leaving
Glendale each day. The crop- of New
castles is heavy this year and the
quality very good. Shippers are re
porting good prices and a big demand.
HAVE YOU READ THE WANT ADS?
Wilson assured'thc French academy of moral and political sciences
between England. France and America, and it U only fair to inform her
did when the dollar was worth a darn.
Here and there in Arizona
TUCSON, May 24 Every cattleman
who looked at the rain smoke in the
sky yesterday morning and who heard
the gusts of rain in the early morn
ing, joined with every farmer in this
vicinity in one long grunt of utter
disapproval of such antics of the cli
mate. The rainfall fcneans death to the
grass in June and July, it mean3 the
loss of most of the hay already in the
making on the farms in the adjoining
territory. Of course, if there are
rains in June and July the cattlemen
will be jubilant. But the loss to the
farmer ia already heavy.
During the last two weeks most of
the hay in the district has been cut
and has been in the making under the
usually hot, even temperature. The
downpour for two days has practically
ruined the cutting.
and what is left of the former bond
issues, conserved for the purpose of
pushing roads through to completion,
rather than half finishing work.
the University of Arizona more than
a year ago to volunteer for overseas
service under the supervision of the
Red Cross, returned to Tucson Friday
morning from New York, where she
landed a fortnight ago from England.
PLAN NEW HIGHWAY
TUCSON, May 24.. c:ean-cut,
business-like program of $508,000
worth of load construction) will be
laid before the new board of highway
commissioners by the board of super
visors at the next meeting. To com
plete this program within the year, a
bond issue of not more than $200,000
is needed. Possibly it may be less.
This means that there is approximate
ly $300,000 available as resources, not
contributed by the county. It con
sists of state, federal and forestry aid.
EVERETT TRUE
PREPARE FQR TOURNEY
Twelve racquet wielJers from
Tucson have signified intention of en
tering the annual tournament of the
Border States Tennis association to be
held this year- upon the courts of the
Douglas Country club. The meet will
be a three day event, from Friday,
May 30, through Sunday, June 1.
Elaborate plans for the entertainment
of contestants and sideline plans are
under way by a committee of Douglas
tennis players of which Ashley B.
Packard is chairman.
NO UNEMPLOYED IN STATE
PHOENIX. May 24. There is less
unemployment in Arizona than in any
state in the union, and there Is a
greater demand for skilled labor in
this state than for many months past.
The above information was given to
day by a responsible official, who has
made an exhaustive study of labor
n ? iU a measure at looked oh." bo tempt-
all out of proportion to its size, ing would grace a yellov- rdate
The laughter of the house had Or, "How would we So S t
chosen it as her own little apartment mato bouillon on a cold, blowy day
hSa lyTl Hy iu?"-Trike thlsr Ad a package of
Thanks to the .National Biscu-TN. B. C. Zwieback would be forth
Company and the other packers t 1 coining from the window cupboard,
good things,' said he girl, "I ca J while the tomato bouillon was made
live well without a kiti'- m M.iw.ut over the alcohol lamp.
A thick, warm-toned 'r uigTuvife" S'l'e Vllebrating the momentous
one to lounge on the floor, while tfcljevent of the hostess' birthday this
big, fringed cushions scattered about i afternoon, " dears. Marcia, please
gave eviaenbr?r?;git 'lf''l'''''T"irong, while
was permissfllet' XTbugnfhe"curi jfcirTJuY bouieof" grape juice"
tained and double-sashed windows jwas the signal for a general merry
meadow gave avay to hills whlc'l jmaklng.. -rolled
into each othj3JxrDi cheese and olives
rnemseives in r.jv "Xto-dar t w nnt
conveniently
cheerine:
weathe
ter Thin Bis-
80 strong
11 mid-
sSViM It
soda Tsa? ".. A
"VJ . 1
'Sitniw NATIONAL BISCUIT rnMPAMV
All there
is to
tmdcgV ohnnr
closed li
guests.
"Chicken
girls," the
announce. Then out would mmo t
box of Uncoda Biscuit and a jar of
potted chicken. Nimble fingers
would sot to work and in a twink
ling little piles of chicken sand-
sai
young lf053a23:
nty
was
almost
and for
"s it was fa-
being admitted
t you wonder the litn rirrln
of friends grew closer, day b;- Jay,
chattlncr in the sunny bay win
dow, sipping tea or coffee and uib
liHna National Biscuit Delicacies?
DENY ELECTRIC ORDER
PHOENIX, May 24. The corpora
tion co'mmission today denied the ap
plication of the Prescott Gas and Elec
tric company for an order approving
certain rules regulating the placing of
meters on customers premises, where
it would be accessible by the fire de
partment, and also requiring customers
to rearrange their main leads td the
outside of the building.
MISS RIDER RETUNS
TUCSON, May 24. Miss Jane Rider,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Percy Rider
of North Main street, formerly state
chemist, who resigned her office at
BY CONDO
To Build and Foster
Last M2rr t duttcd iCl"
D6T'-5M ANT At30SlVS Tf fjf8 I
MAN AND HtTS UMfC I PUT :
HIM OVJT UMTH ONS 2.0QJ .;
A
COMMUNITY always welcomes the establishing of an institution
that fills a recognized community need; unfortunately it doesn't
always manifest a lively interest in the health of such an insti
tution after it is established.
It is one thing to establish industries; itjs quite another thing to
build up, develop and maintain them.
An industry can be established by the investment of capital; its
development and maintenance depend' upou the attitude of the public
toward the enterprise and toward the product.
Likewise, the permanency of an institution depends upon the will
ingness of it's customers to pay a sufficient price for its product to enable
it to continue strong and healthy financially.
The Mountain States Telephone and Telegraph Company's system of
wires, furnishing the means of communication over mountains, plains
and desert, is a tremendous factor in the development of the West.
Telephone service is a "home product" of every community in the
mountain states, and is woven into the very warp and woof of commercial
and social life. The permanency and adequacy of telephone service de
pend upon the same factors as are involved in the security and per
manency of every other established industry.
"With very, very few exceptions the people of the West recognize
these principles and pursue a "live and let live" policy toward all
legitimate business institutions.
The Mountain States Telephone and Telegraph
Company THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MAY 25, 1919
' TWENTY-ONE
i.
'J
YANKS Till TABLES ON WHITE SOX;
CARD TWIRLER TAMES GIANT BATTERS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
STANDING OF THE TEAMS
Clubs Won. Lost. Pet.
New York 14 6 .700
Brooklyn 14 7 .667
Cincinnati 13 9 .625
Philadelphia 10 9 .526
Pittsburg .' . 11 11 .500
Chicago .11 12 .478
St. Louis 7 16 .304
Boston 6 14 .300
AMERICAN LEAGUE
STANDING OF
Clu!:-
Chlcu 18
Cleveland '. 14
ew York 12
j. Louis 11
Dston 9
fashingtcn 8
fetroit 9
piladelphia 4
THE TEAMS
Won. Lost. Pet.
7
7
7
11
12
12
14
15
.720
.667
.632
.500
.429
Summary Two base hits, Fisher,
Riggert; stolen base, Powell; sacrifice
hit, Gowdy; bases on balls, off Fisher
1, N'ehf 5; innings pitched. Fisher 6,
Bressler 2; hit by pitcher, by Nehf 1;
struck out, by Fisher 2, Bressler, 1;
Nehf 4.
TUERO STARS FOR CARDS
NEW YORK, May 24. Tuero held
New York to three hits, Iwhile St.
Louis hit three New York pitchers for
14 hits and won. Score: R. H. E.
St Louis 4.020 000 3016 14 2
New York 000 001 0102 3 1
Batteries Tuero and Clemons;
Barnes, Schupp, Perritt and McCarty,
Gonzales.
Sumary Two base hits Schultz,
Paulette; three base hits. Chase, Shot
ton; home runs, demons; stolen bases
Shotton, Hornsby (2); sacrifice hits
211
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE
STANDING OF THE TEAMS
.Clubs 4 Won. Lost. Pet.
400 Hornby, Miller; double play, Clemons,
.391 1 Miller; bases on bolls off Barnes 1;
.Tuero 4; innings pitched, Barnes 7;
Schupp 1, Perritt 1; hit by pitcher, by
Tuero (Doyle); struck out, by Barnes
3, Schupp 1, Tuero 2 wild pitch, Tuero,
Schupp.
0s Angeles 30
ernon 23
kctamento 22
jilt Lake 21
in Francisco 22
Bkland 15
ortland 14
sattle 13
14
17
19
20
22
26
27
2S
.6S2
.575
.537
.512
.500
.366
.341
.317
NATIONAL LEAGUE .
FHILLIES OUTBAT CUBS
PHILADELPHIA May 24. Hard
Itting gave Philadelphia a victory
rer Chicago. The Cubs opened aus
Iciously, garnering two runs on three
Its, but after Jacobs tightened up
id stopped the visitors from further
:oring. Five of the Phillies' eleven
Its were doubles, Luderus getting
vo. Score: R. H. E.
Uicago 200 000 0002 6 1
hiladelphia 020 010 10s 4 11 2
Batteries Vaughn, Douglas and
illefer, Daly; Jacobs and Adame.
SOUTHERN ASSOCIATION
Atlanta, 7; Memphis, 5.
New Orleans, 1; Nashville 3. Game
cabled sixth inning, rain. Second game
postponed.
Birmingham, 2; Little Rock, 7.
Mobile, 1; Chattanooga, 4.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
HARPER GIVES BROWNS VICTORY
ST. LOUIS. May 24. Harper lost
control in the ninth after holding St.
Louis to three hits and Washington
was beaten. Score: R. H. E.
Washington 000 000 010 1 9 2
St. Louis 000 000 0022 4 0
Batteries Harper and Pickinlch;
Weilman and Billings, Mayer.
DODGERS COME FROM BEHIND
BROOKLYN, .May 24. Brooklyn
sat Pittsburg after the Pirates had
ained a three run lead. In the fourth
layer muffed Saler's throw at first
ase, then the Superbs bunched three
ingles ,a triple by Olson and a sacri
ce fly for five runs. Score: R. II. E.
ittsburg 201 001 0004 7 2
looklyn 001 500 0006 7 4
Batteries Mayer, Adams and Swee
ty; Grimes and Krueger..
TIGERS CHASE MAYS TO BENCH
DETROIT, May 24 Detroit drove
Mlays out of the box in the third in
ning and won, making it three straight
from Boston. Score: R. H. E.
Boston :...100 001 0013 7 1
Detroit 201 001 Olx 5 11 1
Batteries Mays, Pennock and Walt
ers; Ehmke and Ainsmith.
BRAVES DEFEAT REDS
BOSTON, May 24 Boston celebrat
d Gowdy day by defeating Cincin
ati. Timely hitting in the first two
mings accounted for Boston's runs,
'ornier Sergeant "Hank" Gowdy hit
he first ball pitched in the second in
iing to right field for a single. The
core: . R. H. E.
Jincinnati 000 000 1001 5 1
Joston 220 000 OOx 4 7 0
Batteries Fisher, Bressler and Rar
den; Nehf and Gowdy.
YANKS TURN TABLES
CHICAGO, May 24. New York con
centrated its attack in one inning and
defeated Chicago, 2 to 1, thereby
breaking Faber's winning streak. It
was Faber'8 first defeat in five games
and Thormahlen's fourth consecutive
victory. Score: R. H. E.
.New York 000 200 000 2 S 2
Chicago 001 000 O00 1 5 0
Batteries Thormahlen and Ruel;
Faber, Kerr and Schalk.
fcummary Stolen bases, Pratt,
Lewis, Vick; sacrifice fly, Baker; dou
ble plays, Ruel to j Baker; Baker to
Pratt to Pipp; bases on bs ls, off
Thormahlen 1; innings pitched, Faber
8, Kerr 1; hit by pitcher, by Thormah
len (Felsch); struck out, by Thormah
len 6; Faber 2; wild pitch, Thormah
len.
The Company
of the Future
There are only two main requisites to success in
any oil company. They are, first, the proper men
managing its affairs, and second a very large cap
ital. The expression is so often made that all oil
propositions are a gamble. No statement could be
further from the truth. The big successful com
panies do not gamble, but the great majority of
smaller companies do. The big companies wait
until the other man finds the oil and then step in
and pay the pice. It is along this line that our
company is operated. Drilling will be confined to
proven territory until, the company can afford to
speculate.
With sufficient capital to drill five or six well on
as many locations, we are sure of success.
A campany operating along this line is not gamb
ling, but investing. We have already acquired
some of the best holdings in the Ranger field and
our drilling campaign has already started Other
properties will be acauired from time to time, and
in fact we are at present negotiating for several
other leases.' Details will not be announced until
all titles have been finally passed.
The fact that good wells are being brot in within
one-half mile and closer to our holdings makes our
property more valuable and is gratifying news to
our directors and stockholders.
Southwestern Oil
DevelopmentCo.
L. J. OVERLOOK COLLINS & BRETHERTON
INDIANS TAKE THIRD STRAIGHT
CLEVELAND, May 24.&CIeveland
made it three straight by winning from
Philadelphia. Cleveland bunched sev
en of its nine hits in the second and
thirr and five of them were two Back
ers. Score: r, h. E.
Philadelphia 001 000 0102 15 2
Cleveland : 033 000 OOx 6 9 2
Batteries Naylor, Seibold. Johnson,
Kinney; Enzmann and O'Neill. ,
Summary Two base hits. Shannon,
Witt, Thomas, Smith 2; Wamsganss,
Enzmann, Gardner; stolen bases,
Chapman2 sacrifice hits Wambsgnss;
sacrifice flies, Witt, Johnson; double
plays. Speaker and O'Neill; Chapman,
Warbsganss and Johnston; bases on
balls, off Naylor 1; Seibold 7; Kinney
2; innings pitched, Naylor 2; Seibold
none; pitched to two batters; Johnson
2; Kinney 4; struck out, by Kinney 2;
by Enzmann 2.
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE
papisaad 'noiun repipnt ibuoibuj3
-uj eqj, ( sbabh) ej 'SIHVJ
INTERNATIONAL LAW
UNION ENDS SESSION
United States, presented an important
report on the rights and duties of
nations.
Francisco de la Barra, formerly pro
visional president of Mexico, contrib
uted an article on the codification of
international law. It was proposed
that measures be taken to ensure the
over by Prof. Ferdinand Larnaude, ! greatest possible dissemination ol the
dean of the faculty of law of the Uni- j principles of international law.
versity of Paris, ended its sessions I
today. Dr. Scott, representing the I HAVE YOU READ THE WANT ADS?
MEXICO PROSPEROUS ern Mexico are improved. He said
TUCSON, May 24. Herbert C. Shot-: he was cordially received everywhere,
well, chief field engineer for Hughes f Tne native population is eager for
& Dior, bankers and brokers of New i work- he said, and realize American
York and Philadelphia, and consult- i capStal s eslsential to the develop
ing engineer for the El Progresso Sil-! merit add operation of the mines of the
ver company of Sonora. returned ccuntry.
Wednesday fiom a 40-day trip .into
Mexico, where he was examining prop
erties and inspecting work at the El
Progresso. ; According 'Xo Mr. Shot
well conditions generally in northwest-
YALE WINS TENNIS
PRINCETON, N. J. May 24
Yale defeated Princeton at tennia to
day, eight matches to one. .
J SUNDAY
I Last Day!
EH
Los Angeles, 11; Seattle, 1
LOS ANGELES, May 24. Score:
R. H. E.
Seattle j, i 8 0
Los Angeles .' 11 20 1
Batteries Valencia, Gleichmann,
Bowmaa and Schang; Pertica and
Boles.
leatre
SPECIAL
TODAY
Vernon, 5; Sacramento, 4.
SACRAMENT d, May 24. Score:
. R. H. E. '
Vernon. 5 10 " 2 .
Sacramento 4 5 1 j
Batteries Fromme and De Vormer; j
Bromley, McKenry, Vance and Mur-
ray. ' j
Salt Lake, 15; Oakland, 11
SALT LAKE, May 21. Score: ,
R. H. E. !
Oakland 11 16 3 j
Salt Lake 15 18 1
Batteries Kremer, A. Arlett and
Elliott; Leverenz, Gould, Dale and
Spencer.
San Francisco, 5; Portland, 3
SAN FRANCISCO, May 24. Score:
R. H. E,
Portland 3 9 2
San Francisco . . . 5 11 3
Batteries Penner and Baker;
Couch and McKee. .
WESTERN LEAGUE
Omaha, 11; Joplin, 2.
St. Joseph, 4; Wichita, 3.
Des Moines, 8; Oklahoma City, 1.
. Sioux City, 4; Tulsa, 12.
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION
Indianapolis, 2; Toledo, 5. (Jl in
nings.) "
, St. Paul, 4; Kansas City, 2.
Minneapolis, 3; Milwaukee, 2.
Louisville-Columbus, wet grounds.
1
CONTINOUS FROM 1:00 11:00 .
THE CITIES OF DREADFUL NIGHT
Have a Terrible Tale to Tell
William Fox Presents
Gladys
irockwell
IN
arm
1
tl6
Pit Fa!!
of a Large City"
IN 6 ACTS
Which tells a tale cf crime and the slums more forcibly than such a story ever before was -told in pictures See
thieves sneak out of their lairs and the battalions of murder and hunger make their nightly raids.
ALSO-Siiflshme Comedy Two Parts "A Self Made Lady"
Music By Orchestra
ADMISSION CHILDREN 10c ADULTS 25c -ANY SEAT TrJIS INCLUDES WAR TAX
V
'""yi. ' -riryn Ton dim
A
Mr E
Here follows a list of the
organizers of this company
El Paso men, of good repute, who
believe that this development has
more than a reasonable chance of
success and who have backed this
belief with real money:
George W. Theisen, President.
Charles Davis, Vice President.
Burt Orndorff, Vice President.
Ed. C. Heid, Vice President .
William E. Orr, Vice President.
J. E. Anderson, Secretary.
F. B. Fletcher, Assistant Secretary.
Max Moye, Treasurer.
Monroe, Proctor, Asst. Treasurer.
East of the Hueco Mountains lies an extensive, unbroken acreage ot
I land which is, geologically, most promising for the presence of vast
Bert McCabe
R. D. Richy
H. P. Jackson
C. W. Harper
H. S. Burwell
C W. Croom
Thcrton Hardie
W. H. Glenn
T. M. Jones
Tim Williams
Park W. Pitman G. A. Martin
J. C. Wilmarth
E. M. Lawrence
E. C. Davis
J. W. Lorentzen
Lamar Davis
H. E. Christie
L. R. Hoard
C. H. Cooper
G. H. Bussing
L. H. Ritter
W. B. Poe
C. M. Grider
W. B. Ware
Myrtil Coblentz
A. R
H. C.
M. A. Vogel
H. F. Mueller
A. H. Woods
Jas. Phipps
Tom Lea
Will J. Rand
Grambling Frank Pickrell
Dunbar John Quaid
C H. Jones J,
Haymon Krupp C
Charles N. Bassett
Thomas M. Mayfield
Chaplain T. P. O'Keefe
Wheeler Shropshire
Edward Ledwidge
Seth B. Orndorff
Lee H. Orndorff
Alfred H. Johnson
Robert Krakauer ,
Gaston Coblentz
Claiborne Adams
Ballard Coldwell
L. Harris
W. Marshall
oil accumulation. Here, for mile after mile lies the famous Pennsylvania
Formation the oil producing formation of Burkburnett and Ranger the
same fossiliferous, marine formation from which millions of barrels ot
oil are procured in this country and in Mexicc. The Pennsylvania for
mation is there; not concealed but forming the top surface of that sec
tion wf the country just as it appears in that great Ranger gusher field.
Look at your state geological map, or if you have none, look at your
neighbor's, and note the rather broad blue and white lines, superimposed
with the symbol Pn which means Pennsylvanian. You will find it at
Ranger and you find it in the Hueco Basin.
The Pennsylvanian sands are ofl producing sands and broadly speaking
there are only two conditions which prevent oil frtii being taken out ot
them. The first is that the Pennsylvania formation may lie so far below
the surface of the country and be superimposed with other formations
and mountaiu wash to such an extent that it is not practical to drill to
the enormous depths required to hit the reservoir of oil. As at Ranger,
so it is in the Hueco Basin this Pennsylvania Formation lies exposed
at the surface ready for the drill, without the necessity of going through
one or two thousand feet of barren formation.
The second condition against producing oil from the Pennsylvania for
mation is brought about as follows: The oil was there at one time, but
local upheavals, fractures, intrusions and violent internal displacement
of the country in which the formation lies have broken the formation
and the oil has escaped and is no longer there. Geologist S. II. Worrell,
Dean of the University of Texas School of Mines, examined the Hueco
Basin Country and he tolls us th-it the area covered by our holdings show'
no visible signs of there having been any such upheaval and that tire
geology and formation of this trac t appear to be ideal to the accumula
tion and presence of oil. Now if there is oil in the Hfceco Basin, we
want it, and you want ft. Will you come in with us and find out? Come
in under conditions that are fully explained and where the returns of all
of us are the same, in proportion to the amount invested. We are talk
ing with ycu and not at you. Here is the proposition:
The organizers of this company procured the oil and gas rights from
the State of Texas (under the Act of the 35th Legislature, approved
March 1. 1917) on twenty-five thousand ai res equal to fraction less
than -1 square miles) of land on Penns Hania formation in the Hueco
I'asin, east of the Hueco mountains. Tlie Hueco Basin Oil Co. is cap
italized at ?125.000. with shares at a par value of $1.00 each (125,000
shares). Wo. the organizers, turned over to this company our rights on
the above acreage and accepted in payment therefor 25.000 shares of
stock, which stcck we have placed in escrow. Furthermore, wo have
subscribed for 25.00 more shares at par value, or at a not cost to us ot
$25,000. An we game and are we urging you to do :-on.ethinc we do
not do ourselves?? TL.-re are T5.000 shares to hu sold, and vou and
your neighbors are going to take these fat.
Stop and consider the tremedous valuation that will accrue on the suc
cessful development of these twenty-five thousand acres. Think what
it will mean to you as a. holder of as small an interest as $100. One hun
dred dollars represents an undivided interest in twenty acres. What
would one cf those acres be worth when the field is proven surely
$1,000 is not too high a valuation. On that basis, your $100 would have
a tangible cash valuation of $20,000. But that is not the true value of
your investment, but the cash value which the other fellow would pay
with the expectation of still making a tremendous profit. It is foolish
to figure how many wells can be drivea on twenty-five thousand acres,
but on the other hand, it is impossible to conceive that when we get one
producing well it will all stop there. When the development meets with
its first success, oil rigs will spring up over this immense tract, not too
much unlike com stalks in a corn field. Some of the rigs will be ours
and some (many more) will be those of other companies' who buy our
oil and gas rights on this land, paying us a royalty, or on the basis of
any such arrangement as you and we may make. Under such condi
tions, that cue hundred dollars would sure enough bring you $100,000.
It is reasonable to believe that the opportunity is there. The formation
is Ranger formation, the same fomation that underlies the Burkburnett
Field; the absence of visible signs to the contrary, indicates thai the
Hueco Basin Formatiou Is right, not only for the accumulation of oil
but for its permanent storage as well. Are you game? We are.
The drilling contract will be let within ten days, for immediate action.
The well will be drilled to such depth as good business sense and geo
logical advice says to drill. It is not thought that the Pennsylvanio' for
mation exceeds 4.000 feet in thickness. We expect oil at the levels en
countered in the Ranger field, in rrom 3.000 feet to 3,5oO feet.
There is little doubt but that, at the time our actual drilling starts,
there will be many companies anxious to acquire oil and gas rights from
us. The first of such monies received will be held as our defense against
the unexpected, that all too often hope-wrecker, hard luck. We may
have him for a visitor but will be prepared.
The money that may be gotten from the sale of oil richts will, after
sufficient provision has been made for Mr. Hardluck. be placed in the
hands of a trustee up to the total of $125,000. and if the first hole comes
dry. any stockholder who desires to. may redeem his stock dollar for
dollar (or pro rata if this fund is less than capitalization). On a suc
cessful strike, this fund and all income will be available for further de
velopment as the company may direct; except that all iwt returns from
the sale of oil from the first well will be paid to 'the stockholders as div
idends. On further wells, fifty per cent of the net returns will be paid
in dividends and fifty per cent held for development Our articles ot
agreement make it possible for us to engage in the business of Refin
ing, and as good business men, we are going to be prepared to make it
pcssible for all stockholders to got the benefit of results that will eomo
from preparation for extensive development hence the fifty-fifty basis
for all wells after the first. The first producing well would make vou
rich the others richer.
A local development, conceived by local men; men who personally expect to make tremendous winnings and who have
provided, through the organization of this company, that your collars may have the same excellent opportunities.
Stock now on sale. Make checks payable to Max Maye, Treasure
Capitalization $125,000
TT
B
ROOM 18, SHELDON HOTEL
Par Value, $1,00 Per Share
o.s!n Oil
EL PASO, TEXAS TWENTY-TWO
THE BISftEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY, MAY 25. 1919
HOWTnESALVAM
ARMY HELPED'RIGHT
AGAINST MIGHT'
During the forty years that Ger
many was preparing its forces to con
quer the world, the Salvation Army
all unconsciously was training its men
and women on the battle line of its
life-giving service to fill a gap in the
ranks of "Rintit Against Might" that
none but it could fill. How well it
did its task let those who know, tell
the tale.
GENERAL PERSHING
. CABLED
"Salvation Army doing splendid
work with American army in France
and much appreciated by our men."
He in quoted by the "Outlouk" June
5, 1918, as saying: .
"Give these people every possible
assistance to get their work estab
lished." FIELD MARSHAL HAIG
WRITES
"I am glad to have the opportunity
of congratulating the Salvation Army
on the service which its representa
tives have rendered during the past
year to the British armies in France.
"The Salvation Army workers have
1 shown themselves to be of the right
sort and I value their presence here
as being one of the best influences on
the moral and spiritual welfare of the
troops at the bases. The inestimable
value of these influences is"realized
when the morale of the troops is after
wards put to the test at the front.
"The Huts which the Salvation
Army bas staffed have besides been
an addition to the comfort of the sold
iers which has "been greatly appre
ciated. "I shall be glad if you wfll -convey
the thanks of all ranks of the British
expeditionary forces in France to the
Salvation Army for its continued good
work.
"D. HAIG,
"Field Marshal.
"Commanding British Annies in
France."
WHAT MAJOR THOMAS
J. RICKMAN SAYS
Major Thomas J. Riekruan, senior
chaplain of the First Div.sion U. S.
army and censor for the division,
wrcta the following to Commissioner
Ketill:
"My Dear Commissioner
"We are engaged in a great battle,
my time is all taken with our wound
ed and dead. Stiil, I cannot resist the
tempt? lion to take a few moments in
which to express our appreciation of
the splendid aid given our soldiers by
the Salvation Army."
WHAT A DOUGHBOY
HAS TO SAY
Corporal L. A. Brown of Colorado
Springs, says:
"At St. Mihiel they accomplished a
feat that the American army failed in.
There was a big group of our infantry,
sewed up in a pocked by the Germans.
Our boys were without food and when
ever we tried to send it up to them
the Germans would shell the road and
destroy the trucks and all they .con
tained. They went on for two days
when finally in some mysterious man
ner the Salvation Army got through
with hot coffee and sandwiches. How
they ever did it is a mystery, but we
know they got there. They saved
hundreds of lives by that act alone.
Aren't thoy wrrthy of all you can give
over here?"
II
No organization in the world lias
had more experience in getting at the n
hearts and souls of men and bringing B
comfort and hope Into the hard places t
where they are most needed.
The kind of religion the Salvation j
Army takes to the front Is the big
gest, kind of all. It gives much, asks
little, insists on no faith but that or
human helpfulness.
SALVATION ARMY.
ALWAYS IN FIRST
LINE TRENCHES
Ever since General Booth founded
the Salvation Army it has never
been out of the front-line trenches. It
has never retired from the firing line.
WtiVn the Salvation Army went to
France it pitched its camp close to
the red fields of war, where the
wounded fell and the dying lay down
in endless sleep. On the brink of Ar
mageddon, It built its huts.
Shelled by day and night, living in
water-fiiled dugouts in the American
first line, eight American women.
Salvation Army workers, went
through the German attack on the
American forces near M ont.lidU-r on
April 30. Smeared frcni head to foot
with mud, which clung in clods to
their rubber boots, the women finally
staggered back to a litle village be-
FRO T EHY0R
EVER
WORLD
Salvation Army
Started in Slums
The Salvation Army was founded
by the late General William Booth iu
Indon in 1S65. It picked as its bat
tlefield the slums and alleys of the
great cities of the world and for mor
than half a century has fought a win
ning fight for the friendless and the
lowly. It conducts Rescue Homes for
"down and outers," homes for the
helpless aged, fresh air farms and free
clinics.
The
enevolent and Protective
B
nun
i u j
T vV
1l
Commencing Monday, May 26th
EVERY DOLLAR RAISED WILL BE USED FOR THE
Go
we
WHEN THE WAR BROKE OUT THE SALVATION ARMY MORTGAGED ALL IT HAD AND WENT TO THE FRONT
WHERE IT CHEERFULLY SPENT ITS SUBSTANCE IN Af NEVER-TO-BE-FORGOTTEN SERVICE TO OUR BOYS.
IT NOW NEEDS FUNDS FOR
Enlarged Home Service
ANY OVERSUBSCRIPTION WILL BE USED TOWARDS ESTABLISHING PERMANENT HEADQUARTERS IN THE
LOCALITY SUBSCRIBING SAME. i
hind the American lines on May 1st.
Thfy were the same women who
rode two hundred and fifty miles on
army trucks and caissons from the
Toul front to the Montdidier front,
which the American troops took over
at the height of the German attack
upon Amiens. American army offi
cers speak with tears in their eyes
of the work these Salvation Army wo
men have done and are doing.
"When our boys came back through
the German barrage, which played
From forty-one international train
ing schools twenty-three thousand of
ficers have been graduated to lead
over two million militant Christians
in sixty-one countries, speaking thirty
seven languages. The world is Just
awakening to the fact that an endless
chain of organized relief workers un
der the banner of the Salvation Army
now encircles the Globe.
The Salvation Army, back from the
war, has resumed its fight aaginst
misery and poverty in American cities
and on a larger scale than ever. In
order to carry on this work success
fully it must have financial backing
o
&5
Will Put On A
i
' (District Quota, $2,500.00)
For the Benefit of the
111
T
.BISBEE HEADQUARTERS AT
BISBEE,
night and day upon the roads near
Grivesnes." said an American officer,
''they were met by these fearless wo
men, who served them hot cocoa and
coffee and handed out American made
doughnuts aul pies to the lads.
"At 3 o'clock each morning in a
week when the rain poured down ard
soaked IwHh troops and women, these
Salvation Army workers stuck to their
posts near the front line trenches and
every company of men coming out.
They met the bandaged 'walking
on broader lines in the future than in
the past.
What this civilization owes the Sal
vation Army is beyond computation,
it is however, safe to say. that if the
work it has done in the slums alone,
had remained undone, the cost to so
ciety in wasted life and talents would
have set us back on the. road of pro
gress a long way. Certain it is that to
back the Salvation Army now in its ,
inspired efforts -to carry on this work
by giving it our moral and financial
support will undoubtedly help to ad
vnne ns a correspondingly long way
on the road to peace and prosperity.
BUILDING UP OF THE WORK
21 II
ARIZONA
wounded' along the roads swept by
shell fire and ministered) to theiir
needs.
"They built fires in dugouts in the
battle zone and warmed the rain
soaked troopers; they kept their
cauldrons of cocoa constantly well
field and they baked doughnuts and
Iie.-J in reliefs, day and night. No
wonder the Muddies, the Sammies, the
Yanks, the Jack3 swear by the Salva
tion, Army from one end of France to
the other."
ma
CLUB
INCOME TAX REBATE
A recent act of congress, common
ly known as the Hall is amendment to
the revenue law, provides that in corn
puling liability for income tax any In
dividual or member of a partnership
may deduct up to 15 per cent of his
net income any amount contributed
to the Salvation Army or to other as
sociations formed for charitable re
lief work.
to
IN THIS LOCAUTY
ort I
Here at home with the slogan in
their hearts that a "Man maybe
down but he's never out." they battle
all the forces of evil; they raise up
fallen men and women, building their
huts in the front liue trenches ol
crime, poverty, hcpelessness and im
morality. What they need now is the
financial support of every true man
and woman in the state of Arizona
in order that they may establish their
work here on an enlarged and more
efficient basis.
r umds
31st
OHIWnTlftM AFlfW.
OHLVHiiuii mini
LASSIES BO
LAUNDRY m
A letter from a soldier in l"r:'.iue to
his met her in Topeka, K?ii-;:u. con
tained the following ii!! mixtion: .
"When we got to the firing li i we
found the Salvation Army hut a:id the
Salvation Army lassies in a dug-out.
The "men here think im.ro or the Sal
vaMon Army lassies than all the
workers ef olher agencies together.
The Salvation Arinv lassi's t:ike our
socks anil wash and iron tli ti. end do
the same with our underwear. They
make tea and deliver it to us in the
tranches without charge."
SALVATION m
LASSIES DECORATE
SOLDIERS CRAVES
"Two girls came today with clus
ters of violets. They were artificial
flowers, which are the only ones to
withstand the frost, and some of these
the igirls laid on each crude, bare
mound. The (jlrls who performed this
tender service were Salvation Army,
lassies. They are the only American
women carrying on work among the
soldiers within range of the enemy's
guns.
"They seem cold compared to the
flowers at home but when the snow
is gone we shall come again and plant
seeds, which we hope will bloom after
we are gone and the war is finished,"
said one, kneeling at a muddy grave
side.
The Salvation Army lassies backed
our boys at the front in a way that
was not considered possible until this
war revealed the nature of the service
rendered.
One young man voices the general
sentiment of all in writing his mother,
"There is one organization I must pay
tribute to, the long 'tolerated' hand
working, little helped Salvation Army.
In my opinion of all the people who
are doing helrful work here, the Sal-,
vation Army takes the palm." He
goes on to describe how two Salvation
Army lasies with another woman and
her husband served hot coffee and
doughnuts in a little stone house
where the shells burst spasmodically
all day long. The town was taken
four hours later by the Germans but
retaken by ourboys, yet these people
carried on their work, holding tenaci
ously to the front line trenches follow
ing the ebb and flow of battle, render
ing inestimable service to our cause.
ill
TIMES,APR-30,19I9
."Indeed, the var record of the Sal
vation Army is about as nearly per
fect as that of an organization com
posed of mere human beings ever was,
or is likely ever to be. It is no won
der, therefore, that besides the unani
mous praise of the mvn in uniform
this body of brave and devoted work
ers is getting cordial commendation
of ecclesiastics of all degrees of emin
ence. Cardinal Gibbons especially
well expressed the peculiar merit of
the SalvafTou Army when he wrote to
Ex-Governor Whitman .the head of its
national committee for the " Home
Service Fund, "that the man in need
of help is the object of their effort,
with never a question of his creed
or color.'
"For the raising of that. Home Serv.
ice Fund the Salvation Army and its
friends will conduct a special cam
paign one that doubtless will be of
characteristic vigor and one that cer
tainly deserves to be successful. To
help them is to make an investment
as good, in its different way. as is
the purchase of Victory notes."
Hundreds of similar endorsements
could be added to the above from in
numerable sources including every or
ganization at' the front as well as by
all the national papers, monthly, week
ly and daily.
The general " concensus of opinion
is that no organization of a similar
nature can conduct its work with sd
little overhead expense as does the
Salvation Army.
One of the necessary qualifications
for enlistment In its service is self
sacrifice for the good of all. The
highest as well as the lowest official
receive practically the same salary,
plus the necessary expense for en
larged service. ( The rank and fi'.e
work without pa Its service entail
time. .
Money invested in this kind of serT-self-sacrifice
first, last and all the
ice through this organization, will
come as near benring fruit at the rate
of one hundred fold as it is possible
to reach through human agency, and
at the same time go a long, long way
toward helping to solve some of the
soVial problems that are puzzling
thinking men and women of today.
FRO THEN
WORK
z