r
WEATHER
Sun. and Mon. fair;
not much change in
temperature.
COPPER PRICE
Copper1 Week ending
Feb. 26. M. & E. Jour
nal, Quotation. 15 35.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL. 21, NO. 252.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MARCH 2, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
folfTfifn)
UJ
ni
mimt
0
L2a
9 m
m
!Q)
smim Mi
Ft
X
i
U. S. FORTS EXEMPT IN DISMANTLING RULE;
SENATE IS
KEPT 01 J
ALL NIGHT
Army Blankets Make Appear
ance in Congress When Sa
lons Determine to End Fight
Victory Loan Bill Meets Con
. centrated Opposition, With
Backers Sticking to Guns
(By Review Leased "Wire)
WASHINGTON, Mar. 2-At 4
o'clock this morning the senate was
still in session.
(By Review Leases Wire)
WASHINGTON. March 1. Despite
desires of some republican senators j
to block the -Victory loan" bill in an ;
effort to force President Wilson to '
call an extra session of congress, both '
republican and democratic leaders')
predicted tonight that the - measure
would be passed, possibly before the!
iilsht session of the senate ended. I
Republican senators early tonight
caa iauea to reacn an agreement as
to their course on the "Victory loan"
bill, which was called up in the sen-j
ate late today by administratoin lead
ers, who sought to bring filfferences
over legislation to an Issue. The re-
publicans met in conference at the
call of Senator Lodge of Massachu-
,,ao iHvfcQhl'itt' f
setts, to discuss tee aavisaDuty oi
blocking the loan measure in an etrort
to force an extra session of the new
congress. j
Oppose Filibuster
Some of those attending the confer-
ence said a majority of the senators
were ODDosed to a filibuster on the
LilL Many of the minority, however,
were said to vigorously favor oBstruc
tive tactics and as the conference left
each senator free to shape his own
course on the floor, obstruction was
possible.
The senate reconvened at 7 o'clock
and the democratic leaders proceeded
to press the loan measure with the
promise that if a filibuster were un
dertaken the senate would be held in
continuous session night and day until
adjournment, if necessary.
A motion of Senator France of
Maryland, to filibuster against the
loan bill was defeated, 15 to 12, it was
stated, with many of the senators re-
fraining from voting. Several sena-
tors, including La Follette of Wiscon-
El 11, a I 111 1IIU Ul .ICUiaaftO, U1U 11 UL I
attend. I
Sherman Leaves Room J
Senator Sherman of Illinois, left the t . r , c Y x, , v.W i c?w. v
, . , . , ' , PARIS, March 1. Speaking to the
room n the midst of the conference B 'corespondents tonight, Ar-
and told newspaper "en be had glren , BUovi. British aecretarV for
notice that because of the evident dis- forie .ffflJ '.j,,.
position "not to force an extra ses- f,f 1 , , vr, Q e,B,i t
. x, .. ., .,. i By the end of March we snail at
sicn and call the president s bluff," he . . . - ..i..,
-., .,, .,, --Kilea3t be n Sbt of a preliminary
ington af'-er March 4.
iUC ucu ,ru,t l
according to republicans, was that
several senators who favor a filibus-
ter were in a position to proceed but
without the formal approval of their
party councIL Some of these senators
inuicatea lomgui iuai luej CrC uiar j Mr Baifour added it the league
posed to obstruct the measure despite of nation8 would not attain lts faUest
the majority against such action !fruit nnlesg United StAte8 an
Other repubucans declare they would 'even In tne great after
not be a party to any obstructive tac-ipg
tics, and -on the contrary, would as-j
sist the democrats in passing the bill. yctn p in DH AT)
Several i.mminpnl rnuhlirana nrml ALU lM 9 l&JxLij tJ
dieted that the measure ultimately ;
would be passed. They also predicted
that the wLeat guarantee and the gen-!
eral deficiency biil carrying $750,000.-;
OvO for the railroad administration
wnnlrl H r,rff Kn aid thpre was
little prospect of passing any other
bills.
R!wt P-nurht in
in 9rtr:r.!tinn f uinn tn.'
nkht and possibly even further ex-'ice into European Russia aa far as rived here today and a number of: was the former German consulate at: League of Free Nations association, j many persons as the Metropolitan ; House, General Pershing, Admtral
tension, the democratic leaders had i possible. Seven countries were repre- Arizona and New Mexico stockmen : Prague, which had continued its ac-The league might not end war, he .Opera house will hold have applied, j Sims, Melville E. Stone, former Presi
the senate sergeant at arm bring in isented. Messrs. Stevens and Smith are expected tomorrow. The conven-itivities under the guise of a charitablaj added, but the nations demand the I for tickets to hear President Wilson dent William H. Taft. Charles E.
sergeant at arms bring
(Continued cn Pe Three)
Oil and Coal
Land Leasing
Bill Killed
WASHINGTON, March
1. The oil and qoal land
leasing bill virtually was
killed late today when ob
struction led by Senator La
Follette, of Wisconsin, re
publican, prevented a vote
on the conference report
which had been adopted by
the house. Managers and
opponents of the bill agreed
there now is practically no
chance of securing action on
the bill before congress, ad
journs. "Administration leaders,
gave ample time for the con
ference report to be con
sidered, and to be clearly
shown that there was a fili
buster against it," said Sen
ator Pittman. "I admit the
bill has been defeated."
12,000 ship mi
STEAL" HOLM
i t- t re Tk
ocnerai i ie-vip or jou rpn-
Cisco I ards Looms a
Workers Lay Off
x r i
(By Review Leased Wire)
SAX FRANCISCO. March 1. The
of a general Ue.up of
shipbuilding construction in the San I
r "
Franci3CO bay reglon was seen today !
arnroximate 12.000 machinists
and Shjpyai.d workers took a Saturday
half-holiday in the face of an ulti-
matum . by the employers that they
would be dismissed for so doing. The
men taking the half-holiday can be re-
employed only by renouncing
the i
stand of their anions or the half-holl
day, the employers said.
Executives of the California Metal
Trades association, the organization
of employers, admitted that with the
machinists and laborers out, it would
be necessary to close the yards soon.
Dr. Lm. C. Marshall, member of the
federal shipbuilding labor adjustment
board,- departed today for Philadel
phia after a survey of strike condi
tions on the coast. Dr. Marshall had
announced that the men would 'have
j to keep an agreements made : wun
'their employers later. The present
strike movement, he maintained; was
violation of those agreements.
PEACE IN SIGHT BY
APRIL, SAYS BALFOUR
j stride towards universal peace. As a
representative of the British govern-
menU , tQ
mhf . . , ..H- af tv,9
: moment u more important for the sue-
cess of a general peace than what la
: done a parla tod .
MEN IN CONFERENCE
P, rviw Leased wire)
WASHINGTON. March L Allied
, railway representatives in Siberia, the
state denartment w informed todav.
held an informal conference in Yladl-
jvostok Tuesday to formulate plans for
: restcrinz lines and rolline stock of the
Siberian roais and to extend serr -
j representing the United States.
OF TERROR LOOMS IN ALL GERMANY
30,000 El
1RC1G01
SAXON CITY
Situation Critical Everywhere
in Germany; Troops Are
Massed Before Dresden
Soviet Republic Proclaimed in
Brunswick and General
Strike Is Voted at Spandau
(By Review Leased "Wire)
BERNE. Switzerland. March 1 The
situation in Germany is described as
! most critical everywhere, in messages
j received here today. JThe general
j strikes are extending more and more,
j especially in central Germany where
! disorder is increasing and railway
traffic has partly stopped.
Interruption of telegraph and tele
phone service is reported from various
centers.
I . r ears are ieu ny ue aumorities
; that a reign of terror is about to be
gin la Erfurt. Oeraj Griez and HaUe.
It is reported also that the bolshevik!
danger is growing in eastern Silesia.
PARI3, March 1. Government
troops are marching from three direc
tions upon Halle and Merzburg, Prus
sian Saxony, says a dispatch to the
Havas agency from. Basle, quoting the
Gazette Frankfort.
The Leipzic-Dresden railway has
has been cut and is occupied by the
strikers. Five thousand government
troops are massed before Dresden.
According to the Gazette's Berlin
correspondent, more than 130,000 vol
.m-vmuui., UWU ldU,UVU VU1
unteers have enrolled throughout Ger-
many to aid the government.
COPENHAGEN. March 1. A soviet
republic has been proclaimed in Bruns
wick. . according to a dispatch from
Berlin, under date of Friday. Repre-
sentatives of all the Spandau indus
trial establishments have decided
upon a general strike March 5, as a
protest against that government and
in sympathy with the movement in
central i Germany, the dispatch adds.
These representatives demand the es
tablishment of a communistic state
and that all the state churches be
thrown open for meetings.
PARIS, March 1. The German in
ternal situation is commented upon by
many Paris newspapers today, the at
titude of the Scheidemann government
in connection with spreading of Spar
tacan agitation being closely analyzed.
Some newspapers raise the question
again wnether this agitauon is not
being encouraged purposely or at least
not being repressed by the govern-1
ment just at the time when the allies
are to present their bill to Germany.!
: Their conclusion that the Spartacan. !
or bolsheviki government is eing
used as a weapon by Germany to mai. xjosiim. awas.,
threaten the allies. , Mareh 1. Running in matchless form,
- joie W. Ray. of the Illinois Athletic
BERLIN, Friday, Feb. 28 (By the cluD. tonight repeated his victory of
Associated Press). The strike situa-j last year in the Hunter mile event
tio in central Germany was i ot th& annual Boston AthleUc associ
unchanged uo to 8 o'clock tonight and,ation r-mes. His time ot four min.
government troops had entered Dus-iute and twenty-two and one-fifth sec
seldorf. minister of labor Bauer ia ! onds, was a new record for the event,
conferring with the strike leaders In ! d-placmg the mark ot four minutes.
Leipzic and Halle.
E"erlin newspapers report that at
tempts are being made by Spartacan
leaders to have a general strike pro
claimed in greater Berlin.
PANHANDLE STOCKMEN
WILL MEET TUESDAY!
(By Review Leased Wire)
EL PASO. Tex.. March 1. Cattle-
men are beginning to arrive here for
the annual convention or the Fan-
: handle Southwestern Stockmen's as -
: sociatlon here next week. L. C. Brite.
! of Marfa. Tex., m-esident of the as -
j sociatlon. arrived here today to ar-
-range for the convention which opens
! Tuesday in Liberty Hall. D. F. Baca,
' a cattleman of Socorro. N M also ar -
Jtion will close Thursday.
Premier and
Cabinet of
Danes Quit
LONDON, March 1.
The Danish cabinet resigned
today as the result of the
complicated political situa
tion in Denmark, according
to a wireless message receiv
ed here from Copenhagen.
A message adds that it is
believed that the social dem
ocrats will try to abolish the
land thin, or senate.
The premier of Denmark
has been C T. Zahle. The
leader of the social demo
crats in Denmark is J.A. M.
Staunig.
PRESIDENT WS
23 MORE BILLS
Wilson Rushes Measures at
Odd Moments Between
. . . . . - -
Visitors
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. March 1. Another
day of strenuous work by President
Wilson brought to a close what White
House attaches said was the busiest
week ever experienced at the execu-
tive offices
Twenty-three bills and joint reso-'
lutions were signed by the president
today at odd moments between thejand Ms Tisit to Brusse,3 given
reception of callers, consideration of
domestic questions and the making of. e will land at Prest on March IS
nominations. These included two gen- or 14 and come direct to Paris. The
e.! aPP0nalo measures the post- British prime mmister will reach
office bill, and the legislative, execu-lparjg about the same tlme .ita
tive and judicial bilL The bill auth-jthe others of the councn of tne great
onzing voluntary enlistments in theipowers tnev wiU uke up the prelim.
army up to 175,000 men and that giv-(lnary treaty, which will then be
ing service men their uniforms and!ready It expected that these ses
5 cents per mile railroad fare, instead j sions n last untll Marctf 22. when
of 3 cents, also was signed. Mn Lloyd-George riH return to Eng-
Diplomatic callers took up most ofnand aad President Wilson will go to
the afternoon, among these being the , Brussels and the devastated regions.
new ministers from LPeru and the; Expect Germans April 1
kingdom of the Serbs. Slovenes and The neace treatv will nrobablv
Croats, ' who presented their creden-
tials. After brief conferences with
Secretary Daniels and Glass on de
partmental affairs, the president went
with Mrs. Wilson for an automobile
ride.
Many callers, including a delegation
from the Irish race convention seek
ing to present resolutions demanding
self-determination for Ireland, were
unable to see the president, but he
agreed to meet the delegation after
his speech in New York Tuesday
1 night
SIMPSON HURDLES
ruAmnM ncrTATTn
VtlAIVlrlUiN, UtT tJ 1 EJJ
,rr,ti:y Jrew, He?se5L w,re) .
K.cuiv-iuiee ana mree-uiui enuuui
made by Oscar Hedlund ot the Boston
A. A. The old record had stood seven
years.
Defeat of Lt. Robert Simpson. 44th
infantry, U. S. A., holder of the world's
records in the 120 and 220-yard hurd
les events, by Earl J. Thompson,
Dartmouth student, marked the 45-
yards high hurdles.
Thompson, who is the present na-
ticnal 120-yards hurdles champion
; took the lead at the start and held
it easily, ins time was xo seconos.
1
j , CZECHO-SLOVAKS CATCH SPIES
. PARIS. March 1. Czecho-S'.ovak of-
ificials at Prague, according to a dis-,
patch to the Havas agency from the;
! rity have discovered an extensive spy- i
' insr organization, the center of which
(institution
TO
GO DIRECT
TO FRANCE
Visit to Devastated Portions
of Belgium Dropped From
i Plans for Return Trip
German Delegates Expected
to Be Received by Peace
Conference Early in April
PARIS. March 1 (By the Associated
Press). As the result of an exchange
of cable messages today between
President Wilson and the American
delegation, plans were completed for
the president's return to Paris and
for the early assembling thereafter of
the peace congress, with German dele
gates present.
President Wilson at first planned to
have the George Washington land him
at Antwerp, then to visit Brussels,
pass through the devastated regions
of Belgium and France md. from there
proceed to Paris for the resumption
of the work of the conference. He de
sired to accomplish this in the under
standing that Premier Lloyd-George
would be in Paris.
Revamps His Plans
Colonel House, in a talk by tele
phone with Mr. Lloyd-George at Lon
don, elicited the fact that the pre
mier would be obliged to return to
, - xt.tv.-k .
Accordingly,
, tw, " 't
reach such a definite stage during
the sessions in which President Wil
son and Premier Lloyd-George . will
take part that a decision may be
reached for the assembling ot the
peace congress, with Germans pres
ent, between April 1 and 10. The
peace treaty will then be presented,
and will include military, naval, fi
nancial and economic features, all of
which will in the meantime be formu
lated. Besides the military and naval terms
now before the council of the great
powers, they will also receive on Mon -
day the report of the preparation com -
mission on the huge sums the enemy
onnntrior: will rannlroA tn. Tio V fnr
w .u ... "v- .vu.. vu.. vvr
NAME 3 MORE WOMEN
TO a O. P. COMMITTEE
(!v Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. March 1. Appoint
ment of the remaining three of the
nine members of the republican worn-
en's national executive committee was
WILSON
announced here today by Will H. . tto club here on April 8, the anniver
Hays. chairman of the reoublican na- sary ot the king's birthday, was cabled
tional committee as follows:
Miss Maud Wetmore, Newport, R. I.:
Mrs. Thomas J. Carter, formerly of
Montana, now of Washington, D. C;
Mrs. John G. South, Frankfort Ky.
Among six other members previously
named is Mrs. Florence Collins Por
ter of California.
LEAGUE DEPENDS ON
AMERICA, IS CLAIM
ir.v Review leased Wire)
NEW YORK. Marcli 1. The consti
tution of the league ot nations is not
dependent upon Itself for success, but
upon tne spirit m wnicn it is accepted
by the United States, said Franklin
D. Roosevelt, assistant secretary of the
1 navy, in an address today before the,
1 experiment.
Cold? B-r-r-r!.
It's 22 Below
. In Montana
HELENA, Mont., March
1 .The heaviest snow of
the winter in- Montana fell
in the 24 hour period ended
at 6 o'clock this morning,
according to reports to the
local weather bureau. Hi
Helena the snowfall was
7 J2 inches. The snow was
general over the state. Tem
peratures were low in Mon
tana last night. Helena reg
istered a minimum of 15
degrees below zero and
Havre 22 below.
t SEATTLE, Wash.. March
1. -Twelve feet of snow
covers the summit of the
Cascade mountains, accord
ing to word received here
today by the Great North
ern company.
SHE BILL
Needed Vote Promised, but
Senator Wadsworth Holds
Up Final Action
GAINS
HTY
(By Review Leased Wire) j termination of all submarine warfare
WASHINGTON, Mar. 1. Favorable ! br al1 nations throughout the world,
reports on the, compromise, resolution j '"5 f the submarine
for. submission of an equal franchise VhprovisioT for dismantling the
constitutional amendment to the ; fortifications of Helgoland and Kiel
states were ordered today by both the ' canal has been made the subject of
senate and house woman suffrage ! reservation by Admiral Benson, rep
committees, but when Chairman Jones Mf nYtTeede
sought to present the senate commit- i plicable to American canal and har
tee's report tonight, Senator Wads-! bor defenses, such as Hell Gate. Cape
worth of New York, republican, object- Cod canal and others,
ed and the report remained with the i The proposal for the destruction of
committee. large German warships is Up-
While conceding that a filibuster or proved in the report bv the British
congestion oi legislation in tne senate
might prevent consideration of the
resolution at this session, advocates
ot the measure expressed confidence
that it would be adopted before ad
journment. Senator Jones said tonight,
however, that no plans looking to the
consideration ot the resolution had
been made.
The senator added that all plans j
were being held in abeyance until j
pairs could be arranged for absent!
senators and some agreement reach-,
ed with administration leaders regard-
ing a time for calling it up.
Senator Gay of Louisiana, an-
nounced that he would vote for the i
. compromise resolution and advocates
j or the measure said his vote would
, gjTe them the necessary two-thirds
1
, Ui&JUI lit.
Late News
NEW YORK. Mar. 1.
-An invitation
to King Albert of Belgium to attend I
1 the annual dinner of the Rocky Moun-
I tonight to Herbert Hoover in Paris,
I with the request that Hoover deliver
! ne invitation m person.
The governors ot the western states
with which the club is identified, and
who are ex-officio vice-presidents ot
the organization, are also expected to
be present.
MONTEVIDEO. Mar. 1. President
Baltaxar Brum, tonight announcea the
appointment of three members of the
Uruguayan cabinet, as follows:
Minister ot foreign affairs, Danie.
Munos.
Minister of the interior. Dr. Javier
Mendivil.
Minister of war. General Rupreteste.
NEW YORK. Mar. I. Fifty times as
(speak on the league of nations next I
AMERICA TO
RETAIN' ALL
ITS DEEEiSES
Military Terms to Be Incorpor
ated in Peace Treaty Are
Submitted by General Foch
Germany to Be Allowed
Army of 200,000 Under
Conditions Given Council
PARIS, March 1 (By the Associ
ated Press). Marshal Foch presented
today to the council of the great
powers the military terms to be in
corporated in the pace treaty. These
will be considered Monday with the
naval terms already submitted to the
council
The military terms provide for the
disarmament of Germany down to 20
divisions of 10.000 men each, includ
ing 15 divisions of infantry and five
of cavalry. Severe restrictions are
placed on the manufacture of all
classes of ar naterials, and the mili
tary and commercial use of the air
lane is limited to the minimum.
Beyond Marshal Foch's presentation
of the terms today they were not dis
cussed. The naval terms now before the
council provide not only for the com
Jplete suppression of Germany's sub
j marine equipment, but also for the
and American naval authorities, but
the French still make reservations
against the destruction of these ships.
The supreme council is expected to
pass on this and other naval and mili
tary subjects on Monday.
PARIS. March 1. The official state
ment on todav's sessinn nf tha an.
preme council, Issued this evening,
says:
"T'hQ representatives of the allied
and associated governments met at
the tjuai r Orsay todav at 3 p. m.
"Marshal Foch submitted the report
of the mnitary representatives on the
j,
! mTutarv conditions to bTimDo"ed on
: enemy Imposed on
"Sisrnor Cresrd in the nsme nf th
Clgnor CTeSpi, in tne HSme 01 106
I - O -I- v .
Bulletins
i Tuesday nicht. it" was announced to
night. The. building will hold 5000.
x
WASHINGTON. Mar. 1 Senate pro
visions tor appointment ot American
j ministers to Czechoslovakia anvl Po-
land were retained in the $9,000,000
! diplomatic and consular appropriation
! bill as agreed upon late today by sen-
ate and house conferees. House items
for the international high commission
and the Mexican boundary commis
sion were restored.
LOUISVILLE, .Ky.. Mar. 1. More
than 200 men and women of distinc
tion will pay tributes to Henry Wat
terson. editor emeritus of the Louis-
; Viue Courier-Journal In a special edi-
! tion of that naper tomorrow to be
j known as the "Marse Henry Edition."
The contributors Included Premier
Lloyd George. Arthur James Balfour,
Andre Tardieu. American Feaco Com
missioners White. Bliss. Lansing and
(Continued ca Par Five) TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MARCH 2, 1919.
AMERICA TO RETAIN
ALL COAST DEFENSE
FORTS UNDER TREATY
nHSH-AMEHICANS
Will IN FIGHT FOR
ACTION IN HOUSE
j the end. they -were not recelTei al the ! and "Poland" la the assumption of you'Tnave won for the other smaller na-1 TAYF5 TIT TF M A t?PI4 'l X
i White House they would eraser.! thai whose inrieiwilorr w oordlallv r. tinnalitios ! 1 VHO fUL llIL,rl IS
Military Terms Submitted
Peace Conference
By Gen. Foch
! following letter to the president. ' jolee.
.signed by every member: Leave Resolut.on
; "To the President: , We regret to say that"" no inter-
; 'During the week we hare sought ' view has been granted to us, and we
through the usual formal channels of therefore, in obedience to the commis-
communleation to arrange with you slon entrusted to us. leave at the
' SETTLEMENT NEAR IN
TOTAL $1,000,000,000 STRIKE OF DOCKMEN
ilSy Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Mir. 1. Laust
I By Review Lt-.soa Win?
NEW YORK. Mar. 1. Marked pro-
Delegation Fails to See Presi
dent, but Gain Promise
of Meeting
(Continued from Page One) I WASHINGTON. March 1 The dele-
financial drafting committee, submit- gation of prominent American citizens
ted the list of questions requiring so- . .. . . . .
lution. Which were referred to the I IrUh descent, appointed at the
financial commission. i recent Irish race convention in Phila-
-M. Clementel. on behalf of the delphia. won its fight today for ac-
economic drafting committee, explain-: . . . . . ,
ed the economic questions requiring' n by nouse ra,e committee, to
solution in the peace treaty which 8ITe "gnt or way in congress to a
were referred to the i economic com-! resolution instructing the American
mission. delegates at Paris to urge Ireland's
"The next meeting will take place ' . ,
on Monday. March 3. at 3 p. m. s j
. I After hearing the delegation, which
PARIS. March The inter-allied I as headed by Justice John W. Goff !
fub-cemmittee of the . commission on J and Daniel F. Cohalan of New Tork.J
Lie international -regime of ports. of.'the ruleg coraffiittee agreed to rt .
sidered drafts submitted by French
an interview to present the resolutions
adopted by the Irish race convention
held at Philadelphia on February 22
and 23.
" That convention was composed or'
5132 delegates representing ail sec
tions of the United States and spoke
not only for your fellow Americans of
Irish birth or lineage, but also, we are
convinced, for many other millions of
Americans who believe as we do that
the right of self determination ought
to be granted to Ireland as well as to
Czecbo-Slovakia. Jugo-Slavia. Armenia)
White House the resolutions adopted
by the. American branch of that race
which has never been the devoted 'John W.
champion of liberty. ! York.'
" 'We invite your earnest considera- j
tion of these resolutions and in view SENATORS BUY DAVIS
of your declaration that all peoples
are entitled to determine for them
selves the form of government under
which they shall live and that our
country entered the war in reliance
" 'We firmly believe there can be j
no just or permanent peace fcr the
world until the blessings of liberty
are secured to Ireland, this oldest
ms.v.. all Ka Vi T. V, ii .- i
Lions.. ! treasury estimates place at $1.0C0.inhV gress toward averting resumption of
' rA n . 1 ? - . I
- 'With great respect, we remain. ' V v . ,U",U1U payments to the strike of 16.P00 harbor workers
... , a maae Aiarcn is as the first in
i cij uuij IUU13. ' , 11 r . , . . i . .
Goff, chairman.
1
Stallment of t!lVP l)lla th!a rmr or..)
I " ...... . u . .1 J 1- W . , U.A V.
Sew i officials believe the amount may oe
smaller. Since about 5S00.000.000 of
t tax certificates are to be redeemed on
t that date the treasurv believes the de-
(By Review Leased Wire) j posit conditions anions banks win not
SAN DIEGO. Calif, Mar. 1. Ike i be disturbed ereatlv
This explanation was made today in
response to inquiries reflecting anxie-
Davis. a local infielder, was advises
today by Manager Clark Griffith ot the
upon ana convinced oi me irotn oi naa purcnasea ms contract irom the ' feared might be a condition of heavy
these declarations, wc ask you to se- J Wichita, Kas., team of the Western j withdrawals from banks and accumu
cure for Ireland the recognition which t league. I lation in federal reserve banks
was reported after a four hour con
ference of the strike committee of the
marine workers affiliation with rep
resentatives of the New York . Boat
Owners association. United States
railroad administration, and army
and navy transportation services.
Paul Bonynge, counsel for the boat
owners, at whose suggestion the con
ference was held, announced that he
had waved all of the olive branch,
but declined to disclose the nature ot
the proposalie had made.
NEW SPRING MODELS
IN BON TON AND ROYAL'
WORCESTER CORSETS
SECOND FLOOR
CS lS S SZsSlS C CS VTV X XV V S ' THE NEW -STANDARD- I
and British delegates relating to the
control of free ports. . The official an
nouncement said the drafts would be
considered further at the next meeting.
By Review Leased Wire)
PARIS. Mar. I. The council of the
great powers today began considera
tion of financial and economic prob
lems, both as affecting the treaty of
peace and permanent conditions after
the war. This subject is taken up aft
er weeks given to hearing on terri
torial questions.
The subject was presented in two
specific reports. One was from the
linancial commission of which Louis
Klotz. French minister of finance, is
chairman, and Albert Strauss and Nor
man Davis are the American members.
The other was from the economic com
mission of which Albert Clementel of
France is chairman and Bernard M.
Baruch. Yaace McCormick and Dr. A.
A. Davis, the American members.
Financial Report Br.e?
titled "Re The financial commisison's
report was brief, giving the main head
in C3 of the vast financial reorganiza
tion required. It does not embrace
reparations and indemnities for the
war, as those subjects are being con
sidered separately. Most cf the head
ings were presented without recom
mendations which are left to the coun
cil and the plenary conference.
One of the main headings concerns
war debts and debts made before the
war in enemy countries and whether
they are to be paid r repudiated and.
if paid, the manner and priority of
payments. Another bending deals with
state property in territory taken ot?i,
such as state mines and state rsiy
ways.
The mofct important heading is en
uui a ruie making tne resolution m
order in the house before adjourn-1
ment. . ... . j
Later the delegation, which arrived
in Washington Tuesday called at the
White House to see President Wilson
and personally present to him resolu
tions and memorials adopted at the
Philadelphia convention. They failed
to see the president, but were told
he would receive them'in New York
next Tuesday night after ho. speaks
at the eMtropolitan opera house on
the league of nations. ,
Tcnight Joha P. Grace, former!
mayor of Charleston. S. C, and a I
member of the delegation, gave out a
statement saying: ;
"All during the war it was pre
sumed that among the- small nations !
America was fighting to establish inj
security was surely Ireland, to which.
as Washington, and the natrinta nf !
America acknowledged, they owed
more in the fateful hours of the rev.
olution than all other rowers com
bined, but when the committee from1
Philadelphia- convention got to Wash
ington it was met with a strong series
of forbidding difficulties.
Twenty-cne men from as far west
as the Pacific coast and from New
England and the south, solemnly left
their important affairs and arirved in
Washington Tuesday night, according,
as they surposed, to an appointment
at the White House on Wednesday to
receive them. Wednesday passed.
Thursday passed. Friday- passed and
practically the whole of Saturday and
they have not yet seen the president
They had great difticuliy even in see.
ing his secretary." ,
Demans "Show Down"
"Word had come to them througu
many supposedly authentic channels
th2t they would be seen at this hour
or tnat hour, or on. this day or on
'7s
THE NEW "STANDARD-
FASHION BOOKS FOR MARCH
ARE HERE MAIN FLOOR
tit'ed "Reapportionment of the : war ! tn&t day. They approached the sub-
debts of allied countries on a fair Ject through senators and attaches of
basis.
May Pool Debts
varipus degrees ot importance at the
i.WhJi House and elsewhere, but there i
. While not presented in ueiail mn3rwas- an impenetrable barrier. At last
heading optns one of the largest que- j lhe committee, in indignation, made 1
linns nr&copful in tlio mnfi-7anrA CD 1 T S ir-ind that H 1 "mtv If nrtrhim. !
ccrding to the French point of view else, required a show down; either ihe i
tne nuge dents piled up by the war prtfciueui, mrougn nis Dutiers, was
have fallen unduly on France, which is i trifling with the time and the rights
carrying the largest per capita load, j of American citizens or some one was
It i? maintained, therefore, that a cer- failing properly to put the matter be
tain portion of these allied war aebts ' fre him. Whatever was happening,
should be pooled so as to be interna-1 days were passing and he was about
tioual obligations instead of being j to sail 'for Europe, with the case of
carried alone by France. This is on Ireland absolutely untouched,
the theory that the war was not ! "Meantime, the press carried re
fought only as a defensive measure by ports th2t. at the White House fltn-
France, but as an international con-1 ner he had excluded Ireland from the I
flict in which France bore the brunt i program. This was speedily denied by
because of her geographical position, t Mr. Tumulty, but at once reaffirmed
Thus far. the proposal to redistri- j openly on the floor of the senate.
bute the war burden has not been con-j Wilson "Very Busy Man" j
sidered favorably by the British, ! "The committee went to the White i
American or Japanese members. The! House at 12:30 today. Received by I
British do not wish to add to their! r. Tumulty, it was, to'd that the!
burdens by taking part of the conti- j president was a very busy man. Judge j
neiital burdens, while Japan believes j Goff said that of course he knew this,
she should hold aloof from European ht this was a tremendous issue for ;
indebtedness. -hose interested. Mr. Tumulty said he !
Neither Plan Passed ! "as as much in'erested in the issue as !
It was at first surested that this j anybody. But that did not get the com-1
reapportionment of war debts be incor- mittee anywhere. He said he had' been J
porated in the peace treaty, but be-j Passing the matter to the president's j
catiFe or dirierences ci opinion mis ua eipecieu to near irom
The Wardrobe of the Smartly
Should Include
Distinctive
Dressed Woman
at Least One of These
SUIT MODELS
$25.00, $27.50, $29.50 and up.
Versatility of design governs this presentation of Suit Mode's for Spring., insuring exclusive individuality to
ths ve3rirs, together with the gratifying consciousness of perfect line and tailoring. The guarantee of "The
Fairs" quality increases the attractive dependability of these" suit offerings. '
Ss'cttions may be macVe from such materials as
MANISH SERGES PAIRET TWILLS TRICOTINES GABARDINES SILVERTONES.
La t : st models reveal delightful color contrasts In embroidered or braided vest effects buttons, pockets, cross
tuckings and plaitings furnish chick and artistic finesse through the cleverness of their application. Ex
cellent assortment.
Graceful Capes and Dolmans
$17.50, $20.00, $25.00 up. to $65.00
Destined to unquestioned favor for the new season's wear promising
smartness in appearance comfort and serviceability In the wearing
and adaptable to the many springtime needs of motoring out door activi
ties street or semi-dress.
Such is the assurance that a rrtaderate expenditure makes
jcss.ble in the selection of one of these stylish CAPES and'
0OLMAN WRAPS of Silvertones, Pairet Twills, Satins. Tricotine
nd Serges.
Correct Spring Millinery
Advance Millinery Styles promise delightful sa isfaclion to women who seik It
exclusive smartness and character quality in their millinery fashions.
Charming color tones include ths favored Hanna shade shapes are so cleverly diversified that
every individual preference may be gratified. Flowers and wings are the chosen adornments
expertly applied. . . .
Crepe-de-Chine
Envelope
Chemise
Special, $2.39
Fresh Crepe de Chine envelop
chemise lace and .ribbon trimmed
others French finish ribbon
straps hand embroidered. All
sizes, 36 to 44. Special at $2.39
Closing Out Our Line of Women's and
Children's Sweaters at Price
Many fancy novelty sweaters others good, plain, serviceable sweaters with belts, pockets and roll
collars colors, cardinal, navy, gray, blue, rose,' Kelly purple, Copen and brown.
Women's sizes 36 to 46. Children's sizes 2 ot 16.
Foi7 Blouses, Special Monday at 98c
Fine quality Voil Blouses in white and fancy striped Voiles some 4aca or embroirery trimmed with
c'ainty collars and cuffs others tailored with pretty roll collars. Sizes 36 to 46. Special Monday at 9Sc
Wash Satin
Camisoles
$10 Values
Special at 95c
Flesh, Wash Satin Camisoles lace
and ribbon trimmed. Also French
finish ribbon straps and hand em
broidered. Sizes 36 to 44. Spe
cial at .95c
suggestion was abandoned and the
present suggestion contemplates a re
apiortionment of the debts under the
financial fcection of the league of na
tions which was reported favorably
yesterday.
Neither suggestion, however, has
yet been passed upon by the supreme
council or the plenary conference and
'Mia at most any moment. Judge Goff
aid that we could wait no longer
riut that, as a matter of courtesy, the !
cmmittee would return at 3 o'clock
i'or a definite answer.
"Meantime. Mr.-Tumulty had the'
Tact communicated to the committee
that if it returned at 3 o'clock it would
le informed that the president would-
itinie 11 uui in abinuj: Li'li, out on
New Spring Arrivals in
Footwear
for 'Women and Misses
Black Kid Oxford
the magnitude of the Drooosals leads
to the belief that there will be con- n" Tuesday nisht in New York, aft-
siderable discussion before any such cr bis speech at the Metropolitan the-!
measure assumes definite form. jater. The committee, nevertheless,
Another heading ot the financial went .back at 3 o'clock to be assured
Yomniissicn concerns the method oi -n person of this fact.
etabilizins international exchange
exchange which has been seriously
deran-ed by war conditions, the issu
ance of pjptr currency and ether mea
sures. Another heading is the possi
bilities cf inter-allied loans rom ncu
tra stat'.-s, as it is understood that
lu-utrais have iarze stocks of mozey
which may assist In the readjustment
of world finances.
The article concerning enemy fin
ancial interest in backward communi
ties covers such countries as Morocco,
Turkey and China and what should
be done with the Germany Bagdad
railway ami German concessions -fchyrtung
und other j.arts of China.
Most e.f Ihe lore-going subjects are
lei;i? coiii'l'-retl wua a view to per-maii-
nt cr.ii!itior.:s after the war. al
though the. require Pi nts concerning
the war arid prt-wa'r'debts of the en
emy may figure in the peace treaty.
Indorsed by Committee
"The national democratic executive i
committee, at its session this week.!
!:ad unanimously indorsed the posi-'
tion cf the committee and Chairman ;
v,ummms had . an earnest interview
v.ith Mr. Tumulty, showing him the
-ravity o failing to treat the commit
tee with proper respect. The commit
:ee on foreign relations of the house
!iad reported a resolution sympathiz-,
ing with the case of Ireland, but this ;
van held up in the committee on rules
cn the ground that business was too !
pressing ,i?r us suomission to tne
whole house. The committee on rules.
however, graciously received a delega- J
tion from the Irih "ace convention j
yesterday and, atter earnest argument. ;
fiecided to report out the resolution
t f the foreign affairs committee. i
"For the last four days there has J
'ee-n an amarin change of spntinieni '
in certain quarters, under which it is '
TrrDTTCTr' ATinM mi I 'iow tlear tbat w hatever may be ac-j
rUrWlrlWtiilJiX LLX jitnllv done, this much ie certain
READY FOR WILSON : there is a salutary realization at last j
,py p,.vi, w iajej wir- jthat millions of Americans, both of'
WASHINGTON. Mar. 1. The Ml.-'iri.-h blood and of every blood that;
mio.immi fort iti-? tion .bill wa mal-; lives justice. o rot intend that Ire-;
ready for tito presidt' signature to-; ' mil shall in- the only nation in Kurope j
day with the .senate receding from its ' ofi"mnen n ;ivc unnr ireimi oui-
amentlment providing $::,!mi.iih for i u-; oppressive rule.
the manufacture end test of coast Letter to President
jruard cannon, which the hove had ; "The committee from the Irish race ;
rcla-.e-i t'. accept. t cuvft'tie!! I'-u! finally resolved if. iu '
19 MXTnias
I K
8 r
i8
8
U . X.
in
Leather Louis heels light, flexible
soles. .Sizes 2' . to - AA to E
priced at $6.00. Same in patent.
Black Kid Oxford
Leather Louis heel with turn sole.
Size 2V'2 to 8. AA to E priced at
$7.50. Same in patent
Grey Kid Oxford
Wood covered heel with turn sole.
Sizes 2' j to 8. A A to E priced at
.Brown Kid Oxford
,-lWood covered heel with turn soles.
' - z o m to t pncea ax
$6.50.
Colored kid and black kid Pumps,
$5.00 to $9.00.
New Spring Hats
for Boys
The most, complete assortment cf correct styles we have ever shown popular and
exclusive shaoes. Big variety of Mndsome eatetrns anr.' trim combinations. Hats
in shapes to suit and become boys ranging in age from 2 to 14 years.
PRICES RANGE FROM M.OO TO 2.C0 SPECIAL SHOWING OF LITTLE BOtS
Sailor Hats in Navy and White.
Boy's Suit Specials
Our entire stock of fine boys' suits, all grouped into two selling
lots, irrespective of what they sold for Suits taken from our
regular stock, maoe up from the best boys' clothes makes in
America. This is an opportunity to fit him out for Easter, a
well as all year around. Come early while the assortment is
good.
LOT1
Boy's $13.50, $14.50 and
$15.00 Suits, reduced to
$10M
Chooss from handsomeshade of grays, greens and bluish ef
fectsmixtures, stripes and plaids. Styles are this season's cor
rect models military and panel backs. Tilted pockets, all
around belts. Full cut and fully lined knlckdr pants, made the
way boys want them. Broken lots but all sizes. 5 to 18 in
assortment.
LOT 2
Boy's $9.50, $10.50 and
$12.50 Suits, reduced to
$7M
if !
i
Boy's
Blouses
Special, 69c
Made of dependable wool-mixed fabrics splendid for wear,
good assortment of patterns, in all colors styles and mixtures.
Styles are all this season's oopular models. Pants are cut full
and folly lined. Sizes 5 to 18.
Made o Percale and Madras all
well made. Five button front with
military cellar. Sues from 6 to 15
years, at 69c
3 for $2.00 THE EISBEE DAILY. REVIEW. SUNDAY. MARCH 2, 1919.
THREE
SENATE REMAINS IN
SESSION ALL NIGHT
TO DEBATE MEASURE
Congressman Threatens to
Hold Meeting Until Vic
tory Loan Passes'
iContinued from Page One)
heavy army blankets and extra chairs,
so senators could rest during the
night.
Several hours after the measure
as taken up no efforts at a filibuster
had been made, although republican
senators in favor of obstruction tactics
had been left free to determine their
own actions by a conference of mi
nority senators held late in the day
at the call of Senator Lodge to discuss
the advisability of holding np the bill.
The conference was said by some of
those attending to have been a some
what story one. and Senator Sherman
of Illinois left in the middle of it after
serving notice that because of the evi
dent disposition "cot to call the presi
dent's bluff" he was disposed not to
return to Washington after this ces
sion of congress ends. Should he not
return, the republicans would have
only a majority of one in the senate.
Feeling among the republicans over
the legislative situation and reports
that the president had said that re
sponsibility for the failure to pass
necessary legislation would be placed
on them continued to run high to
night. "While the bill was under de
late numerous discussion were held in
' cloak rooms between senators said to
favor obstruction.
Concede Failure
Without organized opposition, sen
ators advocating a filibuster conceded
that it would be conducted with email
prospect of success.
Those urging filibuster, leaders stat
ed, believed that a patriotic duty
would be done by forcing an extra
session in view of certain failures of
much important legislation and con
sidering industrial and other condi
tions over the country. Opponents of
the filibuster declared that obstruction
would be misconstrued as partisan,
and also, that failure of the loan bill
might cause serious unrest in finan
cial circles.
Enactment of the loan and railroad
Li'ls, it was believed, would leave
President Wilson free to postpone the
extra session until after May or June.
The republican conference was held
from 5:30 o'clock to 7 o'clock, while
the senate recessed under agreement
with democratic leaders after a day of
debate on the league of nations and
virtual defeat of the oil and coal land
leasing bill fcy a single handed fili
buster conducted by LaFollette of Wis
consin, republican, who prevented it
from reaching a vote.
House Awaits Action
In spite of the defeat, 13 to 12. of a
motion of Senator France of Maryland,
to conduct a filibuster those attending
the conference said individual repub
licans were left free to filibuster if
they should so elect. . f
Uncertainty of the senate republi
cans' plcji suspended legislative plans
in the house. After passing a resolu
tion to repeal the 10 per cent semi
lAxary taxes in the war recenue bill,
tie house worked on minor confer
ences aid bills, waiting the outcome
of affairs in the senate, the leaders
believing it useless to pass house bills
if asenate filibuster on the Victory
.caa ti-1 would prevent their consid
ers tin in the senate.
When consideration of the bond
ciesare began. Senator Kenyon of
Iowa, offered an amendment providing
for the placing of Theodore Roose
velt's portrait on the bonds and cer
tificates of indebtedness ssued under
the bill, but action on it wa postponed.
No Further Taxation
In explaining the measure, Chair
man Simmons of the finance commit
tee, declared there could be no fur
ther taxation, as the present limit had
been reached.
"The present rates." he said, "are
recognized by everybody as being as
high as it is wise to exacts No fuhther
taxes I know of are contemplated."
Alter Chairman Simmons of the
finance committee, had explained the
loan bill in detail, for more thant wo
hours general debate began. Senator
Lodge spoke briefly, opposing the
granting of authority to the secretary
of the treasury to fir the interest
rates on the $7,000,000,000 of short
term notes authorized by the measure.
He declared that this, together with
the right to say how many are to be
issed "were enormous powers' and
-whooly useless,
Urges Modification
Modification of the house bill so as
to limit the bonds to two classes with
the interest rate of the first at 3H
per cent and that of the second at
per cent, according to the amount of
the notes exempted from taxation, was
urged by the senator, who declared
"it seems to be the impression of the
treasury department that when this
consrresa adjourns there will never be
another."
Senator Smoot of Utah, republican,
deplore the demand for hasty enact
ment of the bill.
"It could not pass in this form ir it
were not in the closing days of the
session, and I recognize that no amend
ment is to be allowed," he said. 'There
is no need to discuss Its details. What
is the use when we know what is be
fore U3T
Especial criticism was given by Mr.
Smcott o the powers of fixing interest
rates given the secretary of the treas
ury. The Utah senator predicted that
this years expenditures would be
j;o.0'0 "' and alo that there
would be great delay in payment of
allied kars.
Senator Thomas cf Colorado, demo
crat, interjected the prediction that
the money never would be repaid, de
claring trat Great Britain still had
outstanding debts contracted in pros
ecuting the Revolutoinary war.
The first amendment to the bill,
(Continued on Fage Six)
SHALL WOMEN SMOKE ?i
u km
A - f4t
SHATTUCK MINE IS
FLOODED IN EFFORT
TO EXTINGUISH FIRE
'-i..VT! 1 ji ts.
r. kirns, i a
'fHlfM,!g,$t
hi n m
N. E. A. Special to the Review
LONDON, March 1.r-A struggle
over the right of women to smoke in
the association rooms has developed
within the Y. W. C A. One faction
demands that smoking be prohibited
in the organization's' hotels. Smoking
rooms are requested by another group.
Physicians declare that there has
never been so much smoking by wom
en here as at present. It is a com
mon experience to see well dressed
women smoking as they walk away
from theaters, and even in daylight
many women smoke in limousines or
taxicabs.
N. E-A. Special to the Review
NEW YORK. March 1. "There is
no reason at all why women shouldn't
smoke, if they want to smoke. Vas-
sar college's , recognition of the right
of girls to smoke outside tneir dorm
tones is an encouraging sign. Cigar
ets, like coffee, soda water onjanything
else may be overdone by women as
well as men, but cigarets in modera
tion are no more harmful, unwomanly
or morally dangerous to the woman
than they are to the man."
This is the opinion of Theda Bara,
most famous scheen "vampire."
"I suppose," said Miss Bara, laugh
ingly, that I have been called upon
to smoke more cigarets in the various
character parts I have played than
any other actress. But I do occasion
ally spoke., in private life. And It
hasn't hurt" my health or my Toice,
or even my morals!
"Seriously, though, I do think that
cigaret smoking by women is less
frowned upon now than it ever was.
Ve found tobacco absolutely neces
say at the front for our boys, and the
Y. M. C. A. has altered its attitude
toward smoking in its buildings. It
Society Queens and Movie Queens
iagree it's perfectly respectable for
ladies tta make J-heir pwn ""smoke
drtams" nowadays. At the left ob
serve our best little vamp, Theda
Bara, lighting up from a jeweled alco
hol lamp. At the right, Mrs. Roose
velt Scovell, New York, Newport and
Palm Beach, is discovered in a pause
of her after-dinner smoke on the hotel
piazza.
DOUGLAS BASKETBALL
TEAM TRIMS BISBEE
Bisbee's basketball and volleyball
teams met with defeat at the hands
of the Douglas Y. M. C. A. teams last
night at Douglas. One game of bas
ketball and two games of volleyball
were played and in each game the lo
cal teams were defeated .
Fololwing are the scores: Basket
ball. 69 to 25. in favor of Douglas; vol-
Shaft to Remain Closed
Least 40 Days, Pos
sibly Longer
at
Although the full fire force of the
Shattuck Arizona Copper company has
been engaged since February 13 in
fighting the fire that has been in pro
gress In the Shattuck. mine since that
date, practically no headway has been
made towards extinguishing the
flames and the management of the
mine expects that it will be not less
than 40 days before the workmen
will be In position to take the upper
hand.
At that time it Is hoped that there
will be a sufficient depth of water
in the mine to reach to the 700 foot
level, where the fire is, and extinguish
it. This is merely an estimate, based
upon the supply of water in sight at
this time. It Is possible that a longer
time may be required and the situa
tion is regarded as anything but en
couraging. In the meantime the entire mine
force with the exception of the neces
sary force of fire fighters has been
laid off and the date for resumption !
of operations Is indefinite.
Having more than two weeks vainly
endeavored to smother the fire by
bulkheading. preparations were be
gun for blooding the mine and yester
day the water was turned in. Arthur
Houle. superintendent of the mine,
said last night that In order to reach
the fire the 900 foot level will have to
be flooded and the water must then
be brought up 209 feet to the 700 foot
level.
In the meantime the work ot bulk
heading is continuing in the hope that
the fire may be smothered out before
the water rises to the 700 foot level-
Mark S. Vukovich
Alexander Kalostro
Xick Kalosiro
I. W. Wallace
Dan McKenzie
M. Whartin
Reynolds Music Shop
Elia Travica
Andy Dodorica
Stevo Franovich
Vaso Dabovich
Jovo G. Gregovioh
Daniel Seferovieh ,
Marko Davidovich
Krsto Rafaelovich -
W. M. Maxey
L. L. Gillman
Miss Eia Gregovich
Krsto Tapan
Kristina Tapan
Elia Tapan
Milka Tapan
Yida Tapan
Golub Radanovich
Lnka Bubalo
Rosie Murphy
Feter Gerieh
Marko Ivovich
Spiro Irzentich
Ivo Srzentich
Joo M. Androvlch
Mat Sklender
Joko Radanovich
Savo Trodanovich
Marko Bulaich
1.
00 l. N". Benderach 5.00 j Peter Prodanovieh
SOjYido Milutinovich 1.00 j Lee Jovanovich
T.0 1 Electric Shoe Shop 1.00 Oris Yurasovieh
Cm I James Brophy 10.00 IJohn Eusen !
noUYalter Thatt 1.00 ! Tcm Ratro ich
A'O ' F. Fenc'erson l.OOjVidak Sredincvich
50jE.Mr.n;? 1.00 ! Toe v Locknsr
00 j A. Kraiam i 2.00 . Spiro Vukovich
00 I John X. Urepovich 5.00 'Milan Radoiek-h
00 i Krsto Vaviih ".50 EHa AtilsvK h
00; Feter Yavivh 5.00 i Jovanov ich & Kalich
.00 j M. Stauishich .." 1.00 ! Boro Torobich
t'U j Lauu James l.oo ; Sugich & Milutinovich
50 ! Jerry Vukovich. 1.00 N. X
00 i J. Vusanca 1.00 J. KruVer "!".!!.
00 j Juraj Kasun 1.00 1 John Itule
T.0 i Milan Tijanieh 10.00 j Henry Waters
00 j Jovo Kisin 5.00 Peter Miorriote
CO Elia Atevonvkh 1.00 i Nick Gevokh
00 Mane Smiljanich 5.0C-- Steve Ylahovich
00 j Filip Sabovich 1.00 ; John A. Chukovich
00 Helen Hahovi.h 1-OOiLuka Virkasovich
00! Michael Mihclieh SOlBcio Trlain
00 j Joko Vujevich 1.00 IF. Komnenovkh
00 1 Joko Kovacevich l.OOlObrad Duuch
00! Peter Masich 1.00 Spasoje Mandich
.00 j B. Kotlas 5.00 ' Mat Sarenac
00 1 Golub Yujaekh 5.0OjK Pavlovieh
.OOjBlagoje Samarzieh 2.00 Savo Radovich
CO I John Andrich 5.00 John Samarcich
.00 i California Bakery 10.00 Rn P r.re?,vi.-h
00 ! Xew Edeiweis Cafe 5.00 ! Zifko Boianich
.00 j Martin's Restaurant 5.00!eorge Miskovich
.00 j V. G. Medigovich 10.00 (Mrs. Etta Medicovich
.00 i J. B. Aagiua 5.00 MUena Xikolich
Today
ONLY
J1W
THEATER
Continuous
From
1:00 to 11:00
P.M.
THOS. H. 1NCE, Presents
QHARLE
S
-in-
MAY
levhall. (two ramesl. 15 to S. and 15
is a natural coronary inai me x. ..jto 4 m favor cf Douglas. All
A. in England should be opening the games were played at the Doug
sheking rooms for young women who j jas Y. M. C. A. before large crowds,
have demanded It. Women war work-' .
ers in England found the cigaret a
great comfort when under stress of
munition making just as the men at
the Iront did. There is a great deal
more smoking by women in public in
r.urope, of course, than there is here.
There is even smoking on the streets
by fashionable and quite respectable
women cn the other side. Women here
aow snoie openly in all restaurants,
of course, and in their homes.'
The student council of Vassar col
.e&e has passed a resolution prohib
iting cigaret smoking in the girls'
dyrmitories, but does not forbid the
practice elsewhere. One-fourth of
Vassar stuuents are smokers and en
joy -an after-dinner cigaret on Sunset
HUL The non-smokers protested. The
faculty did not "recognize the situa
tion - by official action and the stu
dent meeting and compromise resolu
tion resulted. Vassar girls will now
smoke, outdoors but not in dormitories.
DAILY NEWS SUMMARY
3y Review leased Wire)
Madrid Martial law has been pro
claimed in Madrid and troops are pa
trolling the streets. Order has been
restored, but some theaters are closed.
This action resulted from rioting
against profiteers.
Calumet, Mich. Ten thousand men
are affected by a 15 per cent cut in
wages announced by the Calumet and
Hecla and subsidiary companies.
Washington In -regard to published
reports that President Wilson told
democratic committemen who lunched
with him yesterday that he would not
accept nomination for a third term, it
was stated at the White House that
the subject of President Wilson again
being acandidate was not mentioned.
It was explained that the president
merely remarked that he yearned to
get back to writing and had in com
templatioa the compiling of a history.
Washington Battle deatns curing
the war among an participants so far
as available statistics show were given
by General March as 7.354.000. repre
senting only men killed in action or
died of wounds. In the list prepared
by the general staff. Russia led with
1.700.000; Germany was second with
1.600.000. and the United States last
with 50.000. Approximately, figures
for other nations: France. 1,355.000;
England. 706.700; Italy, 460.OO0; Tur
key. 400.000: Belgium. 102,000; Ru
mania, 100.000; Serbiaa nd Montene
gro. 10HM): Austria Hungary, 800.000;
Bulgaria. 100.000.
MINNESOTA AGAIN WINS
fFr Hevew Leised Wire)
MADISOX. Wis, March 1. Minne
sota retained Its perfect rercentace in
the western conference basketball
race by defeating Wisconsin 23 to 12
tonight.
PURDUE DEFEATS OHIO STATE
'Rt Plew leased Wire)
COLUMBUS. O, March 1. Purdue
defeats Ohio State University by a
score of 27 to 21. in a western con
ference basketball game tonight.
MANY ATTEND FREE
FILM EXHIBITIONS
The free moving picture exhibi
tions given at the Y. M. C. A. every
alternate Saturday night are becom
ing very popular. Last night every
available space in the gymnasium was
utilized and many were unable to ob
tain seats. Secretary Putnam . said
that in fhe future the moving picture
shows will be given every Saturday
night, and as these exhibitions are a
community affair, he is anxious for
everybody to attend. Songs and other
entertainment are given between the
pictures.
BISBEE BOWLERS ARE
VICTORS IN MATCH
The Bisbee bowling team of the
Phelps Dodge corporation defeated
the company team from Douglas on
the Y. M. C. A. alleys In this, city
last night by a score of 2215 to 2091
Blair, of the BIsbe team, bowled the
high score of the night, and. also made
the high score for a single game. He
bowled 514 for the match, making 160.
17S and 176 for an average of 171.
Allen made the high score for Doug
las, bowling 166.
PREPARE, SAYS GEN. WOOD
v Review I.ie Wlre
COLORADO SPRIXGS. Coltk. Mar.
1. "Arbitration is not a substitute
for preparedness but only an adjunct
to. it." Gen. Leonard Wood declared
in an address here tonight. "The na
tion which is organized and strong caa
arbitrate more successfully than one
which is unarmed. Belgium trusted to
a treaty but the Swiss trusted to or
ganized national defense and the
hoche- did not even try to go that way.
The next time France and Belgium
will be ready. Will weT
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
PAINT WITHOUT DIL
Remarkable Discovery That Cuts
Down the Cost of Pa'nt Seventy
Five Per Cent .
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE REVIEW
Bisbee, Ariz., January 21, 1919.
We, the undersigned, residents of
the City of Bisbee, County of Cochise,
State of Arizona, and being in sym
pathy with the orphans of Serbia, Eu
rope, who were deprived of their par
ents by reason of the late war with
Germany and Austria, which children
and orphans are greatly In' need, and
in fact, suffering for the-common ne
cessaries of life, hereby donate the
amount set opposite our names, for
the purpose of assisting such orphans.
It is our understanding, and we are
making this donation with the under
standing that the committee that col
lects the amounts we hereby subscribe
shall use diligence in seeing that such
amounts are promptly remitted to the
American Red Cross association, of,
for and in behalf of the United States,
thrugh the Serbia ambassador at
Washington. D. C.: i
George Bell , 1.00
Antonio Blanco 1.50
John Treu 5.00
G. H. Newberry 1.00
J. W. Rcss 1.00
John Wohlschlegel 1.00
C. L. Jones, 1.00
Hermitage 5.00
E. A. Tovrea 10.00
M. Manaras 3.0u
Nick Goi Rovich 5-00
Luka Medigovich 1.00
Joe Dickstine 1.00
John Dlamos 3.00
A. Ladas 1.00
A. Braun , 1.00
X. C. Bledsoe : 5.00
F. E. Bennett " 1.00
H. A. Hayes 1.00
J. B. Mellone 2.00
M. Musso : 1.00
Bisbee Transfer company 2.50
John Valentine 2.00
Werner Tfenniger 1.00
George Lambeta 5.00
Radovan Marusich 5.00
Marko J. Medigovich 5-00
Cria A. Gregovich . l.oo
Tom Soliaga .oo
Luka .Xiklanovich 5.00
Risto Xiklanovich 5.00
Krsto Mitrovlch 2.00
George T. Medigovich 2.00
Pavle P. Pavlovieh 1.00
Teodore Tesikan 1.00
Xick Gregovich 1.00
Xick Medinovich 5.00
John Gregovich 2.00
Cris Trodanovich . 10.00
Peter Relja 1.00 .
Sanitary Bakery 1.00
Frank B. St. John 1.00
C. H, Du Gold 1.50
John Stringior , 1.00
Henry Grant 1.00
1.00
1.00
5.00
1.00
3.00
1.00.
1.00
"The Law of the Nos-th"
A story of the country where it's five shirts cold. A pipping Fhotoplay. Enough ex
citement to keep you from chilling through. Also
PATBE NEWS No. 13
News of all the World Sees all knows all, and
A BIG "V" COMEDY in 2 Reels, "Traps and Tangles."
Admission: Lower floor, 15c; Balcony, 10c;
Includes the War Tax.
Reserved 25c;
This
S5
TO-DAY. AND fT
r
t 1
Tie
K A WM TO-DAY AND
3. t II it If Ji UaVAlAflA
WLl
RETURN ENGAGEMENT
TWICE DAILY, 2:30-7:30
A Free Trial Package Is Mailed to
Everyone Who Writes
A. L. Rice, a prominent manufac
turer of Adams, N. Y-, has discovered
a process of making a new kind of
paint without the use of oil. He calls
it Powderpaint. It comes in the form
of a dry powder and all that is re
quired is cold water to make a paint
weather proof, fire proof, sanitary and
durable for ontside or inside paint
In?. It is the cement principle ap
plied to paint. It adheres to any sur
face, wood, stone or brick, spreads
and looks like oil paint and cots about
one-fourth as much.
Write to Mr. A. L. Rice4 Manufac
turer. 502 North street. Adams. N. Y
and he will send you a fre trial pack
age, also color card and full informa
tion showing you how you can save a
good many dollars. Write today.
Morris Goldstein
James Kilimo
Lowell Drug company
J. V. Tyni
J. R. Sato
S. I. Amdersky
X. B, WIntend ...
Albert Z. Megede 1.00
Ralph Gherna l.oo
Buxton Smith company 5.00
Bisbee Improvement company.. 10.00
C. S- Thompson 3.00
M. J. Cunningham 10.00
Bank of Bisbee 25.00
Fair Store 10.00
W. E. Irwin 50
Hogan & Seed 5.00
J. M. Ball 5-00
W. A. Schwarti 5.00
J. C. While 2.50
L. C. Shattuck 25.00
C. W. Allen 10.00
G. F. Elli 1.00
Maria T. Chukovich 4 5.00
Milo Srxentich 5.00
Luka Lasan 3.00
Mihan Kuca 5.00
Lazar Brajovic 5.00
Lazar Tejovich 2 00
Victor Locknar 2.00
John Markovich 5.00
Mrs. John Markovich 5.00
Xane Miskovich 1.00
Melania Miskovich 50
Vide Bugen 1.50 ,
Gioko Kovancevich 5.00!
V. M. Rucenevich 1.00
m .7e cBEieppQTH'm
A . F
w tiit z&
TO ENABLE THE GREAT
NUMBER OF PEOPLE
WHO WERE UNABLE
TO SEE THIS GREAT
PLAY AT ITS PREVIOUS
APPEARANCE. WE
HAVE BEEN ABLE TO
COMPLY WITH NUMER
OUS REQUESTS AND
HAVE OBTAINED A RE.
TURN SHOWING.
Exactly as
Previously
Presented.
Special RItLsic Score
Interpreted by
Large Orchestra.
r: , ,
POPULAR PRICES:
Children. 25c Adults, 50c
Tax Extra
COMING TUESDAY--VflLLIABI RUSSELL 'ffl
5.0.1
5.'0
5.00
5.0 0
5.0 il
5.l0
5.00
5.00
5.01
1.00
3.0'
2.00
10.0J
.50
1 00
5.00
2.00
1.50
2 o
1.00
300
l.oo
1.00
2.00
2 00
2.00
1.00
1.00
5.00
1.00
3.00
3.00
5.00
5.00
1.00 V
V
FOUR
TOE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MARCH 2, 1919.
PubSisned Every Day Except Mondjy, by the State Consolidated Publishing
Ctmpany
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the usV for re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to this paper,
and also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches herein are also reserTed-
Leaving the "Jam" to the Other Fellow
ill y&
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bis bee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per month .
Three months
Sir months
Twelve months
Sunday (our weekly) per year
Sunday lour weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Taken for Less Than 75c
-J .75
2
. 4.00
7.50
- 2.50
. .75
, Page Mr. Burleson
Government- operation cf the telegraph wires in the southwest con
tinues to develop features which are unique in the extreme, and which.
If it were not for the seriousness of their nature, would be entirely"
laughable. The latest Instance is described by the Tucson Star in the
following paragraph:
"When Lieutenant Searle was ready to take the air at Kingman at
11 o'clock yesterday morning, he sent a telegram to Secretary Leach
of the Tucson chamber of commerce. The aviator arrived In Tucson at
1:45 o'clock, and the telegram was delivered after 3 o'clock."
The distance from Kingman to Tucson is 275 miles by air. An avi
ator covered this space in 1:45 hours. The telegram occupied more than
four hours in reaching its destination. Because they had previous in
formation of the departure of the plane, . Tucson citizens were pre
pared to receive the air guests. Otherwise Lieutenant Searle and his
companions would have arrived unheralded and unexpected.
Night letters sent from Bisbee to Phoenix, Tucson, El Paso and
Los Angeles offer another example of Mr. Burleson's system. A special
delivery letter by United States mail to any of these cities will beat
the night letter to its destination.
Several days ago a Bisbee man en route to Phoenix, sent a fast tele
gram from Maricopa, a few miles s,outh of Phoenix, to a business as
sociate in the capital city. He arrived at his associate's office.two hours
later, and while sitting in the office heard his telegram read to his
friend by the telegraph office clerk.
A spark of electricity can travel from Kingman to Los Angeles in a
fraction of a second. It can be relayed in an equally short period from
Los Angeles to Tucson. A telegraph message can travel over the same
route In a few minutes, and there was a time when telegrams actually
traversed this distance in a reasonable time.
Today, however, the aviator coming from Kingman to Tucson finds
it necessary to carry his message with him.
Oh boy! Page Mr. Burleson! Tell him to abandon his mail by
aeroplane project and inaugurate a telegram by aeroplane system.
The New Grand Army
Soon there will grow out of the war a grand army of heroes. It
will be a great bond between men of courage. It will have much to
do with the destinies of the nation, because it will be made up of men
who gave most for the nation. It will be a political power ordained
to preserve the flavor of the best there is in the progressive life. It
will frown upon mollycoddles and show a stern face to the uncertain spirit
of those who are not thoroughly American.
We urge the soldiers of this war to such an organization. We be
lieve the brotherhood that springs out of conflict to be the strong bond
of sympathy in the support of the state. There are no loose ends among
soldiers. They have been gathered up and fused into one strong cable
of united strength. Flying strands occur most frequently where the
fabric of the commonwealth falls into disuse for want of some good,
centralizing influence. .
That influence has been war. Our young men have marched to
gether, messed together, slept together and greater than all have
fought together, binding each other's wounds and beholding each other
laid low by the common enemy. What greater hold is there as between
men than such a comradeship?
We have seen that soldiers have' not been first in the minds of those
who did not go to war. Those who did most to prevent war, least to
speed it to a rigorous and successful termination, and least to give com
fort to the relatives that remained behind, are doing the least to render
the soldier the due that is his. Perhaps the organization of the grand
army will have its pertinent effect upon this situation.
The sooner the soldiers organize their grand army the sooner their
spirit will be felt in this nation, which needs the strength of heroes.
"Weaklings cannot make this a home fit for heroes; so we hope the heroes
will pour some vigor into the mold. Chicago Tribune.
Sense and Nonsense
. We do talk a lot of nonsense just among ourselves, now don't we?
Take, for instance, a lot of the things we're saying right now. '
Analyzed, some of our demands are for impossibilities.
Others are for the haste which makes waste.
On second thought we find we don't mean exactly what we say.
We don't mean, for example, to require future business dealings to
be done on a no-profit basis.
We really do mean that we want shiplocking profiteering made
impossible.
And that's what will happen.
We don't mean less law, less orderly procedure when we call for more
freedom.
We do mean that we want all our liberties safeguarded by law,
not left in nebulous form.
We don't mean to abolish capital, really.
We mean to direct and control its operation that it may not control
us unjustly.
At the core the American people are as sound as the best pippins
in the orchard.
. They may talk nonsense.
But they don't mean anything but sense.
One reason why certain senators were in haste to discuss the league
as in order to make their heated remarks before the government got
in from France and lowered the temperature of their feet.
Whether you are for the League of Nations or not. don't let a lot of
noise fool you. Only about 10 out of 36 senators are openly opposed to
it but that ,10 make the welkin ring. - ,
Hitchcock complains that the league will put us up to our necks in
entangling alliances. We are already In. The question is whether we
can afford to draw out.
If Taft really said that he wouldn't 4rust those senatorial knockers
over night, they must bo bad indeed, for Taft in 1909 to 1913 was a
very trustful man.
French authorities knew of the existence of Clemenceau's assailant
but considered him a "harmless anarchist-" There ain't any such animal.
When a senator says that he desires to discuss the peace treaty, the
country knows in advance that he desires to cuss the peace treaty.
Iu the good old days, men fought for the pride of winning, but these
modern prizefighters demand the indemnity in advance.
Do the opponents of the league relish the prospect of
nations with America and Germany on the outside?
a league of
You understand, of course, that the Senate would favor the league
if the gocrning body was to be the Senate.
The country is tyund and the
danger is an epidemic of hysteria.
future is bright. The only real
N'chody kr.js that the kague will vork.
prompts U3 to try it out.
But every decent instinct
lurd times arc due to various ta-iccs. but chiefly to the running
of irreepenbibie mouths.
off
r 1 1 i
0. S. PAYS $15,000
INDEMNITY FOR MAN
SLAIN BY MEXICANS
Hmi!pilir,",mr I 11
mmiHTMfirmHr.inmi,'
V
EDITORIAL COMMENT
In Justice to the Y. M. C. A.
There is danger that a very grave
Injustice will be done the Y. M. C. A.
Our fighters seems to be in a grouch
with it The most human quality of
ycuth is gossip. "If they didn't kick,
they wouldn't fight." said an ofifcer in
France "last summer when he remind
ed a "Y" secretary that his dough
boys were kicking about their mail,
their food, their quarters, and their
.pay.
Before the armistice was signed we
used to hear that the Y. M. C. A. was
open to criticism behind the lilies, but
division of work between the two or
ganizations. Soldiers who say they
didn't see -a Y. M. C. A. man or wom
an from the time they were wounded
until they reached home do not rea
lize the reason. And they don't rea
lize how much they hurt the Y. M. C.
A. wiien they make critici&m which
seems to indicate a lack of human
sympathy.
When a man says the Y. M. C. A.
sold deer merchandise he doesn't rea
lize that the canteen system, sup
planting the past exchanges, run by
the military in other years, was run
that at the front the services rendered i by the "Y" by request, with funds seP-
under fire were beyond praise. One j arate from those raised for the regular
commanding officer insisted that the I work of building and manning huts,
i" secretary attached to his bat- transporting supplies and furnishing
aimeues, educational worK and enter-
talion march with the men through
paris on the Fourth of July. Secre
taries were mentioned in citations
and were elected honorary members
of outfits.
You can't very well criticise a man
when he crawls out to your machine
gun nest through a barrage to bring
you your smokes and cookies and
chocolates and letters from home. And
the records show that secretaries did
things like that. Many were wounded,
some were killed.
The secretary in his hut back in
the training area had a harder time
and less opportunity to win popular
ity. He was a country storekeeper,
a janitor, a theatrical booking agent,
a promoter of athletics and a librarian
rolled into one
tainraent. He doesn't remember, if he
ever knew, that supplies were given
away under fire. New York Tribune.
AND WHERE WAS YOU
YOU IN FRANCE?
It was the year 1923. in a quiet lit
tle New England village. The D. A.
R.'s and the Sons of Veterans and the
Loyalty League were holding a com
memoration meeting in the parlors of
the County Historical society.
The speaker, a stout husky, florid
individual of some 3S or 40 years, was
waxing quite eloquent about the "gur-
waistcoat girded .by a gold watchcham
bearing the emblems of every secret
society under the sun.
He was a good talker, and made his
points well about the industrial
growth cf the state, the economic
policy of the nation, and its foreign
relations. The latter subject, however,
led him into dangerous waters.
"Why, my fellow townsmen." he ex
claimed, "in the stirring davs of the
summer of 191S, when we beat back
the foe from the very gates of the fair
city of Meaux"
Just then, from the rear of the hall,
there rose a man. He wore a plain
suit of serge and the right sleeve or
his coat was empty. He had the in
signia of no secret societies on his
watchchain in fact, he had no chain,
but still dung to the old wrist watch
but in his buttonhole he had a little
strip of ribbon. Pointing his one re
maining hand at the speaker, he in
quired: "Where do you get that we stuff
Where was you in France?"
"Wh why." blustered the great
man, "wh what do you ask me that
for?"
"Because I want to know," replied
the questioner. (At this point, some
thing like a snicker emerged from a
far corner of the gallery.)
"Yes, where was you in Francs?"
piped up the voice of a wicked and ir
repressible small boy in another cor
ner of the gallery, and another snicker
broke forth. Protesting Tolubly
against' "these unseemly interrup
tions" and having a great deal to say
about the "right of free
JUSTICE OF PEACE
ALLISON IS NOV III
HIS HEW QUARTERS
Heirs of Robert Harrington, Judge Eschews Waitine for
Hit by Stray Bullet,
Receive Sum
tBy Review Ltasea Wh)
DOUGLAS, Arix March 1 Fifteen
thousand dollars, indemnity for the
death of Robert H. Harrington, an
engineer of the El Paso and South
western railroad, in April. 191 L was
paid by the United States treasury de
partment to his heirs this week, ac
cording to advice received here today.
Harrington was struck In the head
by a 6tray bullet and instantly killed
in the cab of his engine in Douglas in
the course of hostilities in Agua Prie
ta, Mexico.
The heirs are an aged mother, re
siding in Arkansas. George Harring
ton of Seattle, Wn.. and Joseph Har
rington of Atlanta, Ga.. tfcthera. The
army appropriation approved last July
provided for the payment of amount
awarded both for death and Injury by
the commission of investigation which
met In 1912, but owinsr to omission of
the words or injured" from the final
draft, only indemnity for those killed
Completion of New
County Building
Justice of the Peace James Allison
is now occupying his new quarters,
having moved out of the City hall
yesterday afternoon. Notwithstanding;
the fact that the new county building
is not completed, there being some
finishing touches yet to be done, the
Bisbee justice felt that he had "im
posed upon the city long enough."
as he expressed, and he accordingly
moved into the new building.
When fully equipped with the for
niture that has been ordered the new
justice court will be all that the Jut
tice desires. The supervisors have
ordered furniture of a high grade in
the shape of desks, chair and riling
cabinets and the auditorium or the
court room will be furnished with 40
substantial seats for the spectators.
An office, which may be used as a
jury room, will be fitted tip and occu
pied by i. ... e. Adams, chairman of
the board of supervisors. The court
here and in El Paso was provided for. and offices are on the second floor of
ai mat lime. the building.
A resolution to correct the omission ' The huil.i
- . v v v wuuuH'
uu secure payment lor tnose injured' t'.on and on the first floor is the jail
already has been adopted by the sen
ate and reported back to the house.
The amount of claims remaining un
paid is 171.000.
The jail has three individual cells and
one large cell and is of such substan
tial construction as to make escape
most difficult.
l .
wfliil
mmm
"It Was O. K."
Some day you may be saying that about youf
battery.
Of course you'll believe it.
Yet your battery may have been getting nare
and nearer to the failing point every day on account
of trouble that you could have headed off weeks go
if j-ou had only known.
You may have let the water get low.
You may have used more current than has been
replaced.
You may have let a connection work loose.
But whatever you did, the weakness would have
been uncovered by an inspection and a simple hydrom
eter test.
If you haven't a hydrometer and have never in
spected your battery or made a test, come in and let
.us explain.
J BATTERYgEXPERTS4LOVELL;
DA CompletelServiceJStation atiYour Disposal"
v-. .a i j ri .
It -i, B;, '""m5iy ne caressed great statesman brought his harangue
the silken emblem on the reading desk , to an unseemly-close narae
before him, as he recounted the deeds in tv..
j , , ... . ivuiuaiuu BLienaam on tne 1
Formerly the criticism one heard oft of. yaloI done by the men who follow- exit, the one-armert man nl V! I
the Y. M. C. A. took these difficulties ea beginning with the Boston mas- escape.
and differences into account, and was j sacre' ne gradually wound his tortuous "Guess he's sorter S O L. " he re.
at least discriminating; but now it is wa do'n to the year 191S. and was marked to himself with a rrinThe
, . v . , ! Still ttmnir . . v 6 m. 1UC
becoming fashionable to say unpleas
ant things about the organization and
much of, its really fine work is dis-'
regarded.
When you remember that each mili
tary unit formed its opinion of the
whole Y. M. C. A. organization from
one Y. M. C. A. secretary you can
realize how much energy, tact and re
sourcefulness each of many hundreds
of secretary should have had. Unfor
tunately many of them didn't measure
up. That was inevitable.
Perhaps the greatest fault of the Y.
M. C. A. was that it assumed too many
burdens. It was asked by the army to
run the canteens, and it did. It was
asked to organize entertaiuments.
athletics and educational work, and it
&lui going-strong. ! Stars and String
4IJ W Ii i
xjut, ,- in iciiu cuuzuus, ne ex-1
BY VILLA BANDITS
claimed, "those were the days when ; MnPTF7I TVf A I fnti-crx
we saw Old Glory advance against ' UMA LOOTED
the serried ranks of the " Prussian '
guards on the old Alsace front:.
against the minions of the Hapsburgs i Review Leased Wire
as they stood massed before us on the i JUAREZ, Mex., March 1. Another
fields of Flanders; against the ter-!work traiu was sent south from here
rible Turks, when we met and con-' todaJ" to complete repair work on the
quered at Chateau Thierry" i railroad which was dynamited by
Just then a hardy, weatherbeaten j Villa. Reinforcements were also sent
individual in the back of the little I to Moctezuma to replace the federal
hall, an individual who, from the way sarrison which was killed or driven
he worked the cud In the corner of i awa" b.v the Villa rebels Tuesday
We testj repair and rei
charge storage batteries,
and always carry a full
supply of battery parts,
new batteries and rental
batteries.
Ms 1 7 iV
W f-ML
his face, obviously did not "belong" i morning.
in the select atmosphere of th histor-! Passengers
f- ew 5. ' ?cr' tue Iir&t J011 of which was miss
nuiiiu i u i Lai. ouiuiiO) auu 11 UIU. i uc
On th train ari-!..;n, '
,.ol ,.,.; , ..... . . . i " .
ouncij paiiurt,. uui naa just nan-1 ure looay reoorted that n :i'o fr,,..
I penej m. stirred in his seat. remained in Moctezuma from TiiMav I
"T'V,.-,. I - - I . - i
luru e rose, ranting a rorefm-; mornms until Wedns.iav nftrr. i
3500 MILE
PUNCTURE
PROOF
GUARANTEED
army called for more new secretaries,
and still more. The Y. M. C. A. got
them and sent them over, believing
that, even though all of them weren't
ideal, it was better to scr.d them than
to let the landing troops be without
their huts. And the troops were land
ing by the hundreds of thousands.
The- array wanted one secretary for
each unit of five hundred men. But
with the number of men in the army
mg, straight at the speaker he inquired:
France
leaving m the direction of Casas
Grande of the looting and robbing
the houses
ba.yV.mister' whcro was you in i held for ransom ate breakfast in the1
&aiue camp with Villa, he said, and
GATES
Half Soles
and the number engaged in jobs which j "Where was I inVram
they couldn't leave at home, that goal! "Yes. mister; whci
was never reached. Ask the men who
were without "Y" service part of the
time. They will toll you what it ticant.
They are th ones who realize best
what our army's life would have been i
without tiiis organization. The Y. M. ln-aten
. The audience visibly fluttered. la- heard VilU and Mart to e dSc
P lon,s( ""Pi? dou't happen in inS the probability of General Jesus
: well regulated historical anri.-tv t. I a 1 ..
r. , fact, the fenia.e portioihVrVhsl, "iftTi-.SS
audTga11; majrily tb3t HdaJS-heSaid Villa SeSedgo
auu.uii satin. a. back in tho Mil -itK .
uis VVlUUiaUU.
GOVERNOR CAMPBELL
SIGNS FOUR BILLS
IF YOU HAVEN'T TIMB TO
COME SEE US. CAUU US
UP and WE WILL COME TO
YCU.
GATES HALF-SOLES
COST YOU ONLY HALE
im trance, my friend:" parried
the sneaker. siuirin? fnr
re
was vnii in
r ranee
"Wtv .v.- , T P Review Leased TVire
'. ST-.'!S5? 'ic.SiL-I
"I lhmi-hl cn .... l i.. t I bills.
.,w , ,,c uaiuv, oainPr- llnnu. kill i!H ...... m
interlocutor r.-,i,ri-H .'.' iuai ror
r 3nmiri Hip nn.ip iK.-fni w.h '-Th,i "'".' .Kuooi terms wnicli nave own hrokfti
There was iittle picturusquem-ss in its! i r epidemics the funds required shall
work. There were weeks and months j lt was the year lts in a thrivin-i comPuted on basis of the pre
of gruelling labor-in warehouses, for an-l hustling American eify whose T yef, A,Cndan7'
instance.., population ran ,p in o" iu?-,, House b,H. 40, providing for the ad-
To dismiss with a UiougulleM. uuin-! monster iliti-a Orally held ua k?!,?; 6tuaU atcs.
formed or the efforts of an organ- one cvjng i 1bl jg& X05 the
tzation which has earnestly t:icd to do , ditorium. nuai si nooi tej.
its bebt is not fair play. One hears The speaker, a tall, muscular man I ,hfC, X n 3PrPPriUo for
the work of the Y. M. C A. contrasted wcl! preserved an.l in hil th or 5oth' th "hcr" Aruon fair.
unfavorably with that cf ti.e 'Kcd jjcar. was a candidate fW the eat in' pox trim
Cross. There is a sentimental reason. ! I hj United States senate oncn at that' . TRIMS ROBIDEAUX
: n ... V, . T, 11 , ." in- nu.cie a splendid! UHIL-VDELPHIA. March 1. Jocr !
i of the r,,. ( is that it b, v the; ngure a, he ,too-l yut on , rctruia.lF cf tnglaud. tcatacrweijat. tonisht'
" a i nni-,- Ai'-crt opc rrough 4dcfeatr'i Young Robideaux of PhiU-s
to sho-- a gorgeous espunse pi -wlute dclrhia iu a scheduled six rouud bout.
i hrhjr-s. Tho Y. M. r. A nit with
'whole men. That was the understood
Jr
i
I H1
I c03o
mi w . i - . , j 4 , y m i
and we
MENTS
make all ADJUST
HERE AT HOME.
Lowell
Motor Co.
PHONE 73S
c. FIVE
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MARCH 2, 1919.
SENATE ROAD BILL,
DtAltli 111 hlludt
PASSES SECOND VOTE
Measure Carries Appropria
tions Aggregating Near
ly Two Million
PHOENIX, Ariz., Mar. 1. The sen
ate highway bill, which was beaten
in the house this morning by a vote
of 13 to 14. was brought up tor re
consideration Lite this afternoon and
was passed by the bare vote of 24 to
10. The measure, which carries ap
propriations aggregating $1.700,0o0
would take from the governor the ap-
sion and vest that power in a board of
renting of the state highway commis-
i..:. the governor, secretary or state
s: treasurer, president of the sen-
and speaker of the house.
:lie actual vote as registered this
mcruing against the bill totaled 11.
but to gain reconsideration Eddy,
Francis and Sealey changed from
yes" to "no." Sullivan had refused
to vote and left the house and Flooa
voted "no." This afternoon, however.
Sullivan and Food stood by the ma
ioritv and supplied the two votes
necessarv to pass the bilL
The veteran Sullivan was the cen
ter of a dramatic incident which fol
lowed a week of bitter debate on this
senate bi!L When the roll was called
Sullivan passed.
Refuses Call to Vote
"Vote." was shouted from several
corners cf the house, but again the
Yavapai representative relused.
"This house demands that you vote
or retire," slid Lines, while a motion
was offered that Sullivan be expelled.
-Very well, then. I shall retire," said
Sullivan, and he waiKed from the
house to a seat in the comaor. Tnere
it was apparent that he was laboring
under considerable excii.eiaect and
Speaker Johns of the senate and Sen
ator Green accompanied him to his
hotel.
This afternoon, after the highway
measure had been passed, a motion
was carried to expunge from the rec
ords the suggestion that the Yavapai
representative be expelled.
Changes Vote to "Yes
Following the roll call in the morn
ina Flood left the chamber and there
was a proposal ni3de to have the ser
geant at arms bring him back to ans
wer to his name on another bill, when
he reappeared with the explanation
that he had not understood the sum
mons. V Hen Flool changed from "no" to
"yes" in the afternoon he asked that
his explanation for doing so be spread
on the minutes as follows:
"Notwithstanding that I am opposed
to some of the provisions of state bill
17. I fael that in the lace of esistiag
conditions legislation of the utmost
importance to this state may be jeop
ardized and I therefore vote yes."
Those who voted "no", in the after
noon roll call were: ;
Burk, Dobson. Galtraith. Gibson,
Hedrick. Kimball. Lacy. Lillywhite,
O'Neill and Phillips.
Keen Debate Continued
The keen partisan debate which has
featured the highway bill's every ap
pearance this week was continued this
morning when it was called up lor its
third and final reading. Mrs. McKay.
Vyne, Lines. Stark, Francis and Del
bridge rallied to its support, while
Phillips. Galbraith, Lillywhite and
Kimball led the attack.
Phillips charged that a caucus of
democrats had been held in the house
chamber with closed doors in which
the members of the party had been
pledged to the support of the bilL
' Call them into caucus aeain," he said,
"release them from their pledges and
let them vote as their consciences dic
tate." "How about the caucus the republi
cans held in a private house?" asked
Mrs. McKay. The query brought a
general denial from the republican
members that they had caucused on
this or any other measure.
"For 45 days." said Vyne. this leg
islature has proceeded with the great
est harmony to ride over me and those
who think along the same lines as I
do. They have agreed on everything
till now and now they are falling out
over the division of the spoils."
LABOR CONFERENCE
HOLDS TWO SESSIONS
CBy Review Ia'-1 Wire)
PARIS. March 1. The peace con
ference commission on international
labor legislation held its seventeenth
and eighteenth meetings Friday under
the chairmanship of Samuel Gompers,
according to an official announcement
today.
Alter completing consideration of
the article in the British draft dealing
with the method of electing a govern
lnc boJy ?cr the international labor
office, tie commission tame to a de
cision under which countries with fed
eral constitutions could adhere to in
ternational labor conventions.
YANKEES BUY BOBBY
MENSEL FROM VERNON
tliy KrvM-w l-asrrd Wirtj
LOS ANGKLES. "al.. March 1 The
New York American baseball club to
day boul.t from the Vernon club of
the Pacific Coa?t le;iguo, according to
ar:io un ract.t here, an option on
JSobby Miu.-t-I. fiiV- !,as rcan and out
fit ,nrr. He Nfw York cl'ib will pny
f:r tVs tti(.n by ?' n ::r. to Vernon
ore platT befon- the Pacific t'oa.-t
It-acue o;ens and "several other ?o;d
m"n' when the opJion is exercised.
HOLM A. BURSON TO
SUCCEED CHAS. SPIESS
SANTA Fe. N. M.. Mar. 1 Holm A.
Bursoni cf Soti-rro. has been !esi;
lia'rd iiy tho rfOiibli;m state execu
tive crir.!iiitt"e to succeed 'he late
Charles A. Spkss cf L'jj Vegas, as
merr.bcr ot th: rcp'iL'.i'-an UJtiom.1
committee from New Mexico.
How I Will Fight Jess Willard July 4
ly y iy if
n noon Tolls TTnm TTo
Jack Dempsey in three characteristic ring poses asv the challenger will look when he op
poses Champion Willard, July 4, for the world title.
mm r. mmmm m mmm
- 1 V- : i :t
-Lf A If xM .
Plenty of Fighting, and No
Stalling Coming, Says
. Challenger
BY JACK DEMPSEY,
Heavyweight Champion Challenger
I expect to step Jess Willard inside
of ten roun.23 taad take the world's
championship July 4. Here are my
reasons:
. i I J ininnr f Af !
i nave ueeo ui sic-ujr u j
many moctns ana am on euge uu
Physically I am in the best of condi
tion. I expect to weigh about 200
pounds when I step into the ring.
I am going to rely upon my punch
ing ability. I expect to fight WallarJ
at close quarters using half-arm jolts,
uppercuts and short hooks Infight
ing is my strong point, and I will take
advantage of it.
I have trained myself to deliver a
knockout blow that travels but a few
inches.
Willard is lost when it comes to
close work. He showed this conclu
sively with hi3 affair with Carl Mor
ris when the latter opened himself
repeatedly to attack with short jots,
but Willard was utterly .unable to
take advantage of the fact.
I expect to keep Willard very busy
from the moment I get into the ring,
working both hands, and using short,
snappy hcoks and uppercuts. I expect
to get in close, stay there and do all
the fighting that is to be done. All
that Willard has is a long left. Fight
ing close in. he is helpless.
I know Willard is a big fellow, but
he is reafiy too big. . He has little else
than his bulk, but, as the saying goes,
the bigger they are the harder they
f all."
Willard is strictly defensive fighter.
His only object in every fight he has
fought, except his championship con
test, has been to let the bout go to
the limit and play it safe. He let
Moran a second rater stay the limit
ia his 10 round fight in 191. In his J
contests with Morris. McCarty and
others the bout always went the limit
to a no-decision contest.
I am quite confident that I can take
Willard's measure. His size means
nothing. Fulton is a big man, too,
but 1 beat him. If I can knock over
Fulton I can knock over Willard
There never was a man as big as
- :m i t .2 . 1 x
j either Willard or Fusion who is not
a weakling.
I beuee that aggression and fast
action will win mc the championship.
I have demonstrated in every fight I
have ever fought that lr I could put J
'my man to sleep I did it ana quickly.
I In my fights with Fred Fulton. Carl
-lorris, ror.y Flynn and tne rest ot j
J them it took me only one, two or three i
rouna3 to rcct mem to sieep. - tion an international court of justice
Willard is not aggressive; he is administering an international code
slow and deliberate and always fight3 ! of law supplemented by treaties be
on the safe side. It is true I have not ( WM.n srarate nations for arbitration
seen him fight, but I have seen him
box and 1 know what he can do.
Without boasting I will say that no
man can go into the ring with me and
stall. I always get right into the fight-
ing from the tap of the bell and try
to drop my roan at the first opportun
ity. That is whv I have always had
) difficulty in pectin? tparring partners. I
: because the better they are the more
likely 1 am to put them down and out.
i I expect to take no more than two
months.' hard training to get ready forimv head and I haven't a scar. "Which
the big bout. That is really more
than 1 need in any case. My theatrical
! contract with fcarney Gerard requires
. mc to box and do considerable excr-
ti.-o cn the stare. A? 1 am in first
1 class ; hyfcical fchape now I will Mart
aguin training for the battle around
; Mav 1.
! It La-; ben sail that I am not a
'doer boxer, but ou dou't tce any
ft.. A-
W:4
Jack Denipsey in three characteris-!
tic ring poses as the California chal-!
lenger will yook when he opposes:
Campion Willard, July 4, for the world i
title. I
FROM JOHN L. TO NOW
Joha L. Sullivan won championship;
cf America by defeating Patrick Ry-!
an, nine rounds. Mississippi City, Miss, j
February 7. 1S82. j
IjVa Tvilrnln challpnred Sullivan !
. . ..... '
f0r campionship and claimed title upon
Sullivan's refusal to meet him; MayJ
7. 1SS7.
John L. Sullivan defeated Kilrain.
75 rounds, Richburg, Miss., July 8,
18SS, and claimed championship of
the world.
James J. Corbett knocked out Sul
livan, 21 rounds. New Orleans, La.,
September 7. 1S92.
Robert Fitzsimmons knocked out,
Corbett, 14 rounds, Carson City, Nev !
March 17. 1S97.
James J. Jeffries knocked out Fitz
simmons. 11 rounds. Coney Island,
June 9, 1S99. i
Jack Johnson knocked out Jeffries,
15 rounds. Reno, Nev., July 4, 1910. i
Jess Willard knocked out Jonnson, j
26 rounds, Havana, Cuba, April 5, 1915. i
( ? ) knocked out Willard.
rounds. ( ). July 4, 1919 (?)
(?)
BI-PARTISAIl ATTACK
ON NATIONS' LEAGUE
Proposed Constitution Sharp
ly Criticized by Two
Senators
(Br Review Leased Wire'
WASHINGTON. March 1j A bi par
tisan assault on the proposed consti-
tution of te league of nations was
made today in the senate, speakers
being Senator Knox. Pennsylvania, re
publican member of the foreign re
lations committee, and Senator Hard
wick. Georgia, democrat, who retires
March 4.
The proposed constitution was
sharply criticized by both senators
They declared it would promote war
"
and that contravened the Monroe doc
trine, reduced American sovereignty,
conflicted with the constitution and
would force submission of fundamen
tal American domestic and interna
tionil questions to a world tribunal.
Arr .ttartrin." ttR nn-nnsfd con
stitntion article by article. Senator
Knox suggested as a constructive
rrrasnrp. a substitute world onraniza
and other agreements, for the main
tenance of world peace.
Both floor and galleries were crowd
ed, but as a result of warnings rroni
Vice President Marshall there were
no demonstrations.
No reply 3 made frtau the demo
cratic side.
marks on me. 1 haven't had even a
nosebleed or a black ere Tn my last
six fiihts; there are no tin ears, on
is one way of saying I don't got hit
' much
When the fight ends July 4 1 ex -
pect to be the heavyweight champion
of tic. world.
MADRID AGAIN NORMAL
MADRID, March 1. Madrid took on
itb" normal aspect today. Th shoi'S
were opened and business lebumcd.
iy y ?
Retkn Title.
1
Si
J;
Here's "Dope"
on Fight for
World Title
TIME July 4, 1919.
PLACE (To be
chosen.)
PRINCIPLES -Jess Wil
lard, title'holder, and Jack
Dempsey, challenger.
PROMOTOR Tex
Rickard.
PURSE $100,000 to Wil
lard, win or lose; $27,500
to Dempsey, win or lose.
TITLE Heavyweight
championship of the world.
ATTENDANCE
100,000 (estimated).
REFER F.F. To be selected
by Willard, Dempsey and
Rickard.
News Bulletins
(Continued from Pajrt One)
Hughes, Vice-President Marshall,
Secretary of the Navy Daniels and
Postmaster General Burleson.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Mar. 1. The PHuw
nix Trades 'Council today made pub
lic a resolution which it had adopted
repudiating the so-called . council of
workers, soldiers and bailors, charging
that the latter body permitted the
atiiliation of members of the I. W. W.
and has given them representation on
its executive committee, and that the
I. W. W., its tenets and teachings are
detrimental and dangerous to the best
interests of organized labor.
Prior to this action by the trades
council, the majority of the returned
soldiers and sailors :etired from the
council of workers, solilers and sailors
after denouncing it as representing
principles to which they could not sub
scribe, while the realty board, printers,
cocks and waiters, carpenters and
butchers unions all repudiated it.
GLOBE, Ariz., Mar. 1- The Old Do
minion company posted notices this
afternoon announcing a further reduc
tion in wages of -a cents per day. This
wiii mukc the wages ct the miners
i and muckers The average prices
; ct copper for the month of Febrauary
was 16.76 per pound which called for
a reduction of 50 cents per day. tut
the eperators decided, in view of the
living costs, to reduce wages only 25
cents. Little comment is heard among
the employees, as the men have been
expecting tho cut for some time.
WASHINGTON, Mar. 1 The battle
ship Nebraska, the hotpital ship
Mercy and seven iriiit ports are on
the way limine from tinp with
about l':."';" trior
Tho war department announced to
night that the NVra.-kd was prvRvtJ
ing to Boston, the tr.wi-port Caronia.
Atenas. Chican. S-uinane. Dochra and
the hospital s-hip Merey. to New York,
and the transports. Namsemond and
Amnhion to NewiHirl News. All are
.expected to ream pon nciore .m.uh.
j U-
: JOPLIN. Mo. Mar. 1 Billy Misc
j of St. Paul and Tom Ccwler ot" Ausira-
' lia. heavyvcK-ht boxers, h ive been
! matched lor a 1- round cuutet-t here
i M a ft h 11 it ;uuuunevd tonight
J by local promoters.
DR. ROOD FREED AS
WIFE ARRIVES HERE
AFTER HIS ESCAPE
Dentist Flees Hospital, to Be
Greeted by Spouse, as
He Is Caught
Dr. A. B. Rood, who has been held
at the C. & A. hospital for several
days for observation, experienced an
entirely unexpected and happy reunion
tms atternoon when he unexpectedly
found his wife waiting for him in an
automobiie in which he expected to be
returned to the hospital, having made
his escape from that institution this
morning.
This morning Dr.' Rood was per
mitted to sit in the sun parlor at the
hospital and was given his clothing
for the first time since he had been
at the hospital. Attendants at the hos
pital thought that the patient would .
be content to remain in tne sun parior
and little attention was paid to him.
However, the doctor had ideas of his
own. At the first opportunity he left
the sun parior without being observed
and was next heard from in the office
of Justice of the Peace Allison.
The doctor surprised the justice,
who had committed him to the hos
pital for observation, by requesting his
Keys to his office and desks. He e
plained to the justice that he had
waiked from the hospital to Lowell,
where he had taken the car, but it is
thought that he walked all the way
to liisoee as he was without money.
Justice Allison set about making
preparations to have him returned to
the hospital, when ths train from the
west arrived, bringing Mrs, Rood, who
came from Monterey, Calif. She went
immediately from the train to the jus
tice's oftice and met her husband just
us he was being placed in the automo
bile to be taken back to the hospital.
There was an effecting reunion and
the couple went to the Copper Queen
hotel, where they are registered.
Dr. Rood has been in Bis bee about
tour months and his actions on the
street in accosting women recently
caused him to be taken in charge.
Friends were of the opinion that he
was suffering from temporary mental
aberration and he was being held in
the hospital for observation. His con
dition is said to be greatly improved
and Justice Allison released him in
the custody of his wife.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Mar. 1. Phoenix
with a population estimated at 30,000,
cast 503 cotes at the city primaries,
electing F. Q. Adams and L. W. Hen
derson to city commission. There was
no contest.
WIDOW OF FORMER
SECRETARY STATE
INDORSES TANLAC
Mrs. Patrie Ga,ns Twenty
Pounds and Health Is
Restored
A great many people, especially lad
ies of culture and refinement feel a
great reluctance in publicly endorsing
a proprietary medicine although they
have derived untold benefit from its
use. as publicity is more or less dis
tasteful to them.
To a great extent this is the case
of Mrs. D. E. Patrie. who lives at the
Portland hotel. Portland. Ore. How
ever, to use her words. she feels that
she would be ungrateful and delin
quent in her duty if she did not tell
others of the wonderful benefit she
has received from Tanlac."
While Mrs. Patrie has lived in Port
land a number of years, her former
home was in Idaho. Prior to his death,
her husband was one of the most
prominent men in Idaho, having been
sheriff of his county several years,
and later being elected clerk and re
corder ot Bingham county. After
wards he was elected secretary of
state, and at the same time served as
chairman of the central committee of
the state republican party.
In speaking of her experience with
Tanlac, Mrs. Patrie recently said: - "I
weigh just 15 pounds more than I ever
did in my life, and have actually
gained 20 pounds since I began taking
Tanlac. My health failed about a year
ago. My appetite left me almost en
tirely, and 1 didnt relish what little
I did eat. and I just felt tired and
listless all the time. I was extreme
ly nervous and never slept well, and
would, just lie in bed and long for day
light to come. I finally decided to
make a trip back to Idaho thinking
that a change might do me some good,
but I didn't improve Pt all.
"In a very short time after I began
taking Tanlac I could see that it was
going to do me lots cf good, and it is
simply wonderful the way I improveu.
I have a splendid arpetite now. and
thoroughly enjay my meals without
any bad after effects. My nerves seem
to be in perfect condition and I am
thankful to say that I get good, sound,
refreshing sleep every niulit. It is
wonderful how mv weight and
streugth have increased, and I can
truthfully say that I am as well and
strong now as I ever was in my life.
I never losu an opportunity to prair
Tanlac, nr.l when my friends remark
abcui my wonderful imprcxemont. it
offords me great pleasure to toll them
that Taul..- is entirely responsible for
it."
Tanlac is sold in Blstiee ty J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug com
pany, in Paradise 'by G. A. Walker, in
Bowie by Bowie Drug company, in San
Simon by .'. B. Cooke, in Wilcox by
A. A. Nicholson, in Lowell by Lowell
Drug company, in Benson by C. F.
Moss rharmacy, in Gleeson by B. A.
Taylor, in Warren by Warren Pharm
acy, in Pearco by B. A. Taylor, in
Tombstone by Boyd's Drug store, and
in McNeal bj; McNeal Mercantile com
pany. AtlN .
50 Federal
Are Slain by
Villa Troops
Bodies Burned in Moctezuma
Garrison After Charge
Led by Lopez
(By Review Leased Wire
JUAREZ. Mex., March 1. Fifty
Mexican federal soldiers were kill
ed and their bodies burned
in the Moctezuma garrison Tues
day morning by Francisco Villa's
troops in command of Villa and
Martin Lopez.
A refugee arrived here tonight
from Moctezuma, who was made
a prisoner .by Villa's men and
forced to pay 5,000 pesos ransom
for his release. He gave the first
detail of the raid on the little rail
road town early Tuesday. He said
Villa remained outside of the town
until Lopez and his command of
1,000 men charged the garrison,
killing all but 20 of the 70 federal
soldiers who were asleep In the
barracka. The building was then
set on .fire and the bodies of the
soldiers cremated, he said, after
being robbed of rifles, ammuni
tion, shoes and clothing.
After burning the garrison and
the railroad station. Lopez's men
robbed all of the civilians of their
money, clothing and food, which
. he carted off to the hills. The
refugee denied a report received
here that two Chinese restaurant
keepers were burned alive in the
station eating house.
Two New Bills
Introduced in
House; 3 Pass
Richards Brings in Measure
Amending Mining
Claim Laws
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX. Ariz. March 1 Two .
bills were brought down in the
house today. One was introduced
by Richards, amending the mining
laws regarding the marking of
claims. Six posts at least four
feet high are required, or stone
monuments three feet high. Cole
man fathered a measure to give
jurors S3 a day and 10 cents mil
eage one way.
The house passed three senate
bills and sent them to the gover
nor, as follows:
Senate bill 64. drafted on the
form of the uniform state laws,
to govern conditional sales where
the title to the property rests with
the vendor until the final install
ment is paid.
Senate bill 46. providing for a
tax on all sheep in the state not
to exceed 510000 in any year. The
sheep sanitary commission is'em
powered to fix the salaries of its
secretary and inspectors.
Senate bill 15. providing for the
eradication of predatory animals
and injurious rodents.
DBS
ATTENTION
Ford Owners
Equip Your Ford With
PITTS "SECOND UFT" CAM SHAFT
and
BURN DISTILLATE, KEROSENE OR TOPS
(Now Doing It in Bisbee)
COOL ENGINE NO CARBON
Cost of installation saved in . month or so.
Inquire and let us explain
Pitts Manufacturing Co.
NO. 7 MAIN ST.
uy
VEDOL
OILS
Western Vulcanizing Shoj
WHOLESALERS AND RETAILERS
W. C GRURR, Prop.
JOHNSON ADDITION
'MEASURE TO HALT
I IMQIIDAVIP.E CRAlinQ
uiuuiiniiui. i unuuw
IS BEFORE SENATE
Bill Makes False Statements
Made to Sell Policies
Misdemeanors
(By Review Leaeod Wire)
! FHOENIX, Ariz.. Jtfar. 1. Green
I brought a measure into the senate this
I af'.ernoon to class as misdemeanors
I false statements made by life Insur
ance agents or physicians in soliciting
or passing applicants for policies.
The bill provides that if promises
of loans or dividends made to obtain
an applicant's premium are not made
good by the company, the premium
must be reiunded and the license of
the agent suspended for a year. The
t measure also wou.d prohibit the sale
; by an insurance company of a promis
sory note received on a premium, prior
to the delivery of the policy to the
applicant.
Young sponsored a bill to amend the
constitution by submission to the elec-
I tors of a proposal governing the nomi-
I and city offices and including candi
I dates for United States senator and
; congressman. Under this bill nouit
I nations would be made at direct pri-
niary elections or at primary assemb
: lies of parties.
, Safety devices and signals to regu
late automobile traffic are provided
in Clay pool's new measure. A full
arm signal ot the direction in which
j an automobile driver proposes. to turn
is required and iftha car is a closed
! one the bill would force the driver to
i have some mechanical device attach
j cd to indicate the turning direction.
! The bill provides for fines from $10 to
I for infractions and would render
I the defendant liable for all damage to
. another automobile caused by his ne-
! gleet.
CHICAGO TRIMS ILLINOIS
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
CHAMPAIGN, 111., March 1. Chi
cago tonight defeated Illinois in a
western conference basketball game,
17 to 15.
MICHIGAN FIVE WINNER
(Bv Review l.ensed Vlre
ANN ARBOR, Mich., March 1.
Michigan defeated Northwestern. 42
to 22, in a western conference basket
ball game tonight.
YOUR FRECKLES
Need Attention in March or Face
May Stay Covered
N-w u the time to take snecial care
of the complexion if you wish to look
well the rest of tho year, ine Marca
winds have a strong tendency to bring
out freckles that ri.ay stay all Summer
unless removed. Now is the time to
use Ottine double strength.
This preparation for the removal ot
freckles is usually so successful that
it is sold by druggists under guaran
tee to refund the money if it falls.
Get an ounce of Othine double
strength, and even a few applications
should .show a wonderful improve-
, ment. some of the smaller freckles
even vanish entirely.
. SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MARCH 2, 1919.
POLITICIANS WAG
TONGUES AS WILSON
PARTY CALLS MEET
Democratic Council Cause for
Speculation; Cochise
-Men to Attend
Throughout the state speculation is
rife as to the reason for a call that
has just been issued by George a,
but, democratic state chairman, for a.
meeting of the democratic party coun- j
cu to be held in f boeriix on next Sat-.
mitteemen of Cochise county, manyiisit where the train stops only
democrats of prominence and demo-1
prominence
cratic oftice holders have received the
circular letter, signed by Babbitt as
chairman and T. M. Drennan as eec
. retary.
The letter announces that the party
council will meet in Phoenix on Sat
urday, March 8. and requests that all
democratic federal, state and munici
pal officials be present at the meet
ing and that they invite and urge to
attend all democrats. The letter states
that matters of great importance arc
to be considered by the council, but
does not state what these important
matters are.
Public in Dark
Had the meeting been called earlier
in the legislative session, the conjec
ture that it has to do with matters oi
democratic policy by the legislators
might have been considered reason
able. However, as the legislature
w ill be in session less than a week
after the meeting of the part council, (
this supposition -w passed up by those
'monmlny'itis1-thought that the ! that child off the track, hello Minnie, watch us whizz past your
call by Chairman Babbitt is the result i home, open the switch, clear the crossing, women and chil
SriJSiSjdren first, coal needed, hello Al, how are you, eight cattle
week and that the party council, at 'trains and a passenger train are following us.
its session next Saturday, will take ;
steps to put into effect some of tne j WHEN THE CONDUCTOR PULLS THE CORD IN
matters decided upon by the national; D A CCTTKVCD PAD All 1 J ,U-11 v U
committeemen. Neither Chairman Bab-
bitt nor Secretary Drennan has made '
the meeting.
Women Get Big Part
The national committee at its "Wash-
ington session fecided to give women !
ization of women's auxiliaries in all
the states. This action was recom
mended for all of the states, irrespec
tive of whether the women already
have suffrage. The intention is to
bring the women into active participa
tion in the party management, some-
tning wnicn sunrage nas noi aone,
thpro twm? Tprv fpw women members I
f PinnmittPPs in the states where thev
have the vote.
It is hardly thought possible that
the occasion will be permitted to pass
without the party management in the
state going on record r.s endorsing the
foreign policy of the administration
and the action of President WIlsou in
advocating the league of nations.
With the state and national cam-
paign more than a year off, local poll-
ticians are trying to figure out just
f e """5
this time. '
WAGE INCREASE FAILS
. ... t j, ttti
ephone and Telegraph company in
California and Washington by Post-
master General Burleson will have no
... .. 1 t j 1
effect on the recent referendum strike
vote taken; by these workers. - F. B.
Robbins, representing the interna
tional brotherhood of electrical work-
ers, announcea toaay. i ne increases ;
were granted by Postmaster General ;
Burleson in tne nope mat ne wouia
avoid our demands that he recognize
our organization," Robbins said. - "It
will be noted that the telephone oper
ators, whose demands are as urgent as
those of the male workers, are ignored
altogether.
The new wages are far from satis
factory andt he strike vote situation
remains the same."
TROT2KY SPURNS BOY SCOUT
WARSAW. Feb. 27. (By the Asso-
elated Press.) Leon Trotzky, soviet
minister, dismayed his attitude toward
the Russian boy scout organization
recently, in brief interview, described
by Zanoa Zabakin, who has arrived in
Warsaw from Moscow. When bolshe
vik role was established late in 1917,
Zanon went to Trotzky, who had de
clared himself president of the Boy
Scouts, to tell the bolshevik leader,
and he was not willing to serve longer
as a troop leader. Trotzky asked him
the name of his father and then said
angrily: "I am going to take the
scout3 out of the hands of the bour-
geoiae and make them democratic.
HALF MILLION FOR ROADS
(Ft Review ZTzi Wire)
WASHINGTON. March 1. Approx-
imately half a billion dollars will be
spent on highway construction during
the coming season, giving employment
to 100,000 men, according to an esti
mate today by the department of agri
cultuer based on funds available and
a survey of the state and municipal
funds made at aconference today be-
tween Secretary Houston and repre-
sentatives of the highways depart-
ment of 27 states. Secretary Houston ;
announced that the president had
signed the po?toffice biil, carrying a
1200,000,000 road fund.
DEMANDS ANSWER
PORTO RICO
(Pr Roviw Lea"-! Wire!
I
After a debate of more than two days
in both houses cf the Insular legisla-
ture, the unionists and republicans to-
day apreed to join forces in insisting
that tte American congress make
known what the future of PortoRico
is to be. It was agreed, that, if there
can be no assurance that statehood is
possible, the parties should work for
irsv rwrvitrift ucucu wiic j
SAN FRANCISC, March L Wage where he has been for several days to succeed A. J. Puryear. who re
Increases granted linemen and other on business. cently resigned.
clos-ti-ial irnrlprs r.f tlf P2fific Tel- !
Things We Don't Know About
the Railroads
We're learning more things about the railro&ds every day
through the discussion on the problems of possible govern
ment ownership, operation by the brotherhoods, etc., but there
are a lot of things the ordinary layman still doesn't know
about them. For instance, what do the various railroad sig
nals mean? Here's about what they mean to the ordinary
traveler :
GREEN LIGHTS Go fast, go slow, look out for the
brakeman get out and shoo cow off the track, pass
. ... 1
freight tram at the next siding, take on water at the next
town remind the conductor to watch for signal stop at Where-
BOMBS ON THE TRACK There s going to be
wreck !
ALL THE FUNNY MOTIONS A YARD MAN MAKES
Go slow, speed er up, back up, cross over to the other side,
j your boiler's leaking, watch out
AT I. THE TOOTS ON
Low bridge, we're going to take
i rujiJunuLv vr-uv iicuma sun um, rc vc utcu nwu
up by train robbers, I don't like the looks of a party on this
train and I'm going to throw him off, somebody's ticket flew
out of the window and we're going to stop and get it.
RED FLAG OR RED LIGHT Everybody's life is in
Tips of the Town
TQ ElPASO
I
F. "W. Smith, will, leave for El Paso
today.
j '
:TO THE COAST
Marland Shiek expects to leave on
j the Golden State Limited this evening i
. for Los Angeles. I
j
j TO VISIT LOS ANGELES j
j MUg Xona 3,. clerk at the
phel store will ,eave this.
eTemz fo j, Angeles. where she
will Tisit for a few weeks,
' j
FROM NOGALES
i Robert Hamilton of E. A. Tovrea &
i - n t-.a rptiirnpii hprp from i02aies.
NEGRO SENT TO JAIL
was found ;
George Brown, colored.
asSault in the superior court
""J
. . , r an anna A tn .p.-o
not less than five years in jajl. Brown
it. ;.itint . wd
gjrj jq Risbee last summer.
A io.poUnd boy was born to Mr. and
iIrs j j quiu Friday morning,
SOLDIER IS SHOT BY GUARD
Refusing to halt when ordered to o04
by the provost guard. Private A. Me- TnuMrnNF
Daniels, a member of troop K. First FROM TOMBSTONE
cavalry .received a bullet wound in the '
palm of his left hand. He was placed
under guard and taken to the camp
hospital for treatmenL McDanieL it
is said, was attempting to leave camp
without proper authority and when or-
aered to halt he refused
--q the COAST
T. R. Moore and B. F. Chapman ex
pect to leave tonight on the Golden
State Limited for Losx Angeles.
Business Locals
Orders taken for masquerade cos
tumes at McDonald's. Phone S05.
NOTICE
To the public and to whom it may
concern, that W. K. Caley is no longer
' connected with the Bisbee Transfer,
storage & Coal company and they do
not hold themselves responsible for
debts incurred by him. Signed this
25th day of January. 1919.
BISBEE TRANSFER, STORAGE &
COAL CO 2 9
AUCTION
Best wav to. sell your furniture or
merchandise Is by auction sale'. J. A.
rinney. sr., auctioneer. Phone 257.
nox 17371 2-4 3-4
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tonibstone. Leave Bisbee,
'Bisbee Auto company, 7:45 a. ro, 1:30
p.m. Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
Painter nd PaP" "iLg' Slgn9-
C. ) BRANDT
Box 150. 27 Eroadway. Phone 436.
L. L. Oilman sells the New Edison,
"The Phonograph With a Soul." Adv.
!
! Br. Playfair, Osteopath, 98 Mason
hill. Mason car Hop
Phone Blue 647.
on signal.
a!
for the president's special.
THE ENGINE'S WHISTLE
the curve on high speed, get
TO TOMBSTONE
The following persons of Bisbee
will go to Tombstone tomorrow on the
Rockhill stage: B. L. Burns, L. God-
frey, E. Robinson, W. H. Thomas, Joe
McXillis, Elmer. Henderson and T. E.
Carney.
-
GUESTS AT COPPER QUEEN
The following are guests t the Cop-
per Queen-hotel: R. T. Prall and
Otto Joel, New York City; H. Sims,
Hollywood, CaL, and John J. McCourt,
Douglas.
HERTEL SUCCEEDS PURYEAR.
C. Hurtel has been appointed in-
sciiciaii ui luc x. m. v.
1 FROM TOMBSTONE.
M. I. McKIlligan. assistant prose-.
cuting attorney, and Sheriff James F.
n.n u ; 1 : i. 1 j in I
JltUUliaiU. 1I UtCU last U1KUI iUlU 111
remain in Bisbee today to attend to j
business matters.
GOES TO TOMBSTONE
I. C. E. Adams, chairman of the
board of supervisors, went to Tomb-
i stone yesterday in order to be present
j at the semi-monthly meeting of the
E. E. Hughes, county assessor, was J
in BisDee yesterday m connection with
business of his office.
TURNING THE
AT SCME. HEAW5 J Ai s T -w. Z2-X0i Oeucsnco w
T Z-if 1 rSvSS - Heroes vill e. dcublv
j-tE fefcSa C-7 I V ;i,'ilSrr WMINWS TUS SEASONS
STATE CORPORATION
COMMISSION DENIES
BLAME IN WAGE CASE
Answer to Charges That Low
Scale, Is Being Paid
R. R. Men Filed
Py Review Leaseil 'tYir') i
PHOENIX. Ariz., Mar. 1. That the I
state corporation commission has no-1
thing to do with the fixing of railroad
employes wages and that it has not
had any complaint along this line
laid before it. was the written answer
of the commission to statements made
in the house that trainmen on the iLi
Paso & Southwestern, between Tucsoii
and Douglas, were paid on a 124-mile
basis while the fares charged we
based on 130 miles. -
The question was brought up in the
house yesterday by Delbridge and
Francis and the comniisiBon's reply
was made public today.
Commisisoner Jones explained today
that since the reply had been sent to
the speaker of thehouse he had learn
ed thlat several years ago a complaint
on wages on the Tucson-Douglas di
vision had been made verbally to u
previous commissioner, but that no
record of it appeared in the commis
sioners files. . 1
Dealing with the question ot the dis-J
tance from Tucson to Douglas the ;
commissions letter saiu. 1
"The official distance given by theaer lne name Frani Hannmer, de
: Paso & Southwectern railroad in I ceased. Max Weiner of this city, was
El
its
tariff of December 12, 1913, is
stated to be 124 miles. The commis
sion early in its work required all
railroads to file the exact distance
between all stations. It has no means !
of verifying these,' bat we have had no j
reason to assume that the distance re-!
ported to us are J incorrect. The El
Paso & Southwestern Railroad com
pany has published and is observing
in its freight tariff the exact rates
prescribed by us for 124 miles. Pas
senger rates are not given per mites
of road and the rate from Douglas to
Tucson is J5.20, which figures 4.2
cents per mile.
"It does not seem necessary to sug
gest that the commission has nothing
whatever to do with the wage scale
paid employes of railroads."
BODY OF I. W. W. FOUND
(Bv Review Leased TVIre) !
FRANKLIN, Mass., Mar. 1. The
body of one of the four men killed in PARIS, Mar. 1. (By the Associat
an explosion near the Ray mill of theed Press.) A 40 per cent diminution
American Woolen company here last j in the cost of living in France within
night was identified today as that of a montn is expectea Dy tne rooa minis
James Pargin, who the police said, was j try. as the result of measures recenuy
an agent of the I. W. W. and has been taken with regard to the purchase, lm
active for three weeks . in this town, j portation and distribution ot food
Milford and Woonsocket, R. I. Filipo j stuffs, M. Vilgrain. under secretary of
Biechellis, Antonio Capollo and Phil-; state for food, told the Associated
lip Zalante were arretted in connect j Press today.
tion with the explosion. , j
TWO KILLED IN WRECK
FARRAND ASSUMES DUTIES KINGSTON. Jamaica. Mar. 1 Two
.-t, B?XiewrLeas,ed i5rir?) . persons were killed and scores injure
NEW ORK. Mar. 1. Transforma- ? 0 ,oJ,0 v, O
tion of the American Red Cross from
a war to a peace .basis was effected
when Dr. Livingston Farrand, form'
er president of the University of Colo
rado - recently appointed executive
head of the organization by President
Wilson, assumed his duties as chair
man of the central committee, and the
war council which has guided the or
ganization for nearly two years termi
nates its existence.
HUN GENERAL ATTACKED
KtrCLlN, Friday JbeD. 2S. (By tne
IccnpiatBil Prune 1 Tlcnorol MnprcVer
' 1 " . ,
commander of the troops guarding the
nUonal assembly at tteimar, was at-
tacked by a mob in Erfurt today and
robbed of a portfolio containing impor
tant documents bearing on the plans
of the government, for dealing with
j the strike situation in central Ger
many. ?
SUFFRAGETTES RETURN EAST
(Py Review lea!"d Wire
SAX FRANCISCO. Calif., Mar. 1.-
National suffrage lesdajs who came
here on the
"prison special train"
de-
I parted today for Denver.
GLASSES ON THE SPORT FUTURE
'5 OFCOUftSt
t!ASU PCttMCTIOJ - PllT IT
VAV COME. "TO PASS THAT TOmnW
WILL ON7T,R OFF VJtTH THE. PAT Pu5
! Grandmother of
i Girl Thief Pays
I For Stolen Gem
i 1 4-Year-Old Not Suspected,
but Police Prove
Her Guilt
The police received a complaint
from Mrs. E. McNeal yesterday, in
which she stated that a brooch,
clothing and other articles had
been stolen from her home. She
said that she had recently dis
charged a Mexican girl, although
she did not suspect her of having
taken the stolen articles.
Patrolman "Tex" Barton se
cured .a search warrant and en
tered the home of the girl's grand
mother and recovered the brooch
and other articles reported to be
missing.
The grandmother of the girl of
fered to pay for the articles that
were not recovered, and. a set
tlement was finally made. Miss
F. Cummings. juvenile officer,
has taken over the case with re
gard to the girl's delinqueecy, the
girl being only 14 years old.
HELD IN PASSPORT FRAUD
(By Review Leased Wire
XEW YORK. Mar. 1 Accused ot
conspiring in 1916 with Cpt. Hans
Boehm of the German staff, now a
prisoner in uigiana. tu ootain tor aim
a fraudulent American passport, un-
nuiviu iNinoii, uu-
arrested today and held in 75,00d
bond by Federal Judge Learned Hand.
Captain Boehm posed successfully as
the dead man until he reached Fall
mouth, on January 17, 1917, when he
was arrested.
WILLIAMS SCORES M'FADDEN
fBv view Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Mar. 1. In a letter
tonignt to Representative McFadden
of Pennsylvania, who recently in the
! house attacked Comptroller of the Cur
rency Williams and introduced a reso
lution for an investigation of his of
fice! and conduct, Mr. Williams de
clared the member was in the position
of having taken a shot at him from
safe ambush and ' skulking away too
hastily' 'to know what injury had been
done.
H.
f re 1 pnure rtrtuKi add rv r
" " wl "'-
(By Review Leased Wir)
I in a railrnan wnrk hfr tnnitrht A
large consignment being transported
for shipment to the United States was
damaged to the extent of 125,000.
GOTTLEIB IS RELEASED
WASHINGTON, Mar. 1. By direc
tion of District Attorney Laskey, the
ccpe of Moab Gottleib, an army ord
nance expert, arrested in December
charged with' the theft of specifica
tions for big guns, was dismissed to
day. ITALY AGREES TO COMPROMISE
fHy Review Leased Wire)
ROME, Mar. 1. Pr-mier Orlando,
speaking in the Italian chamber today,
said that Italy bad agreed to a policy
of compromise and conciliation rela
tive to conflicting claims on the east
ern coast of the Adriatic.
DR. THOMAS EMMETT DIES
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
XEW YORK, Mar. 1 Dr. Thomas
Addis Emmett, internationally known
as a physician, author and leader of
the movement for Irish home rule,
died at his home here tonight in his
92d year.
Miir.vw
- E.i AGAIN
SENATE REMAINS IN
SESSION ALL NIGHT
TO DEBATE MEASURE
J Congressman Threatens to
I Hold Meeting Until Vic
! tory Loan Passes
(Continued troin Page Three!
proposing that the vignette ot formei
President Roosetelt be placed on th
new securities, was voted down, 37 to
I 23. All cf the republicans except Sen
ator La Fol'ette of Wisconsin, voieu
i for the amendment and all the demo
crats except Seuator Reed of MUsouri,
ot3d, in opposition. Senator Owen o
Oklahoma, democrat, said . if th.
amendment would not jecpardiie iht
bill he would favor it.
Discussing the financial condition
of the country. Senator Smoot said
the government wa3 behind tour
months in its 'payments to the rail
roads and that creditors of the roads
were "carrying them" for millions tn
dollar because the accounts were not
paid.
Penrose Opposes BUI
Announcement that he would vott
against the bill waa made by Senatot
Penrose of Pennsylvania, republican
who declared it was being forcec
through "at the point of the bayonec"
Referring to a newspaper article
which said that President Wilson had
Urged enactment at this session ot a
bill prepared at his request by the
state department and introduced in
the house to appropriate $5,000,000 lb
meet the expenses cf his European
trip. Senator Penrose asked Demo
cratic Leader Martin if it was plan
ned to pass it before adjournment.
'No communication has reached the
appropriations committee regarding
that bill," replied Senator Martin. '1
know nothing about it except what 1
see in the public presr."
After being in session continuous
ly for more than 12 hours, the house
recessed just before midnight under
an agreement to meet tomorrow at 11
o'clock Memorial services for Repre
sentative William P. Borland of Mis
souri, who died recently in Europe,
will be held the first hour and then
the house will take up the conference
teport on the hospital bill.
La Follette Delays Action
Efforts of democratic leaders in the
senate to pass the "Victory" loan were
temporarily blocked this morning by
Senator La Follefte o Wisconsin, re
publican, who at 2:30 o'clock was in
ihe midst of a lengthy speech. The
Wisconsin senator, however, disclaim
ed any attempt to filibuster against
the measure.
Senator Sherman of Illinois, said he
planned to follow Senator La Follette
with 'considerable remarks" on the
bill and it was said that Senator
France of Maryland, republican, also
expected to speak. An unofficial poll
of the senate was said to disclose only
four, senators in favor of a filibuster
j against the loan measure.
The Wisconsin senator declared the
loan bill to be unconstitutional as it
would take from congress the power
to fix rates of interest on government
loans and would place the authority
in the secretary ot the treasury. Con
gress, he said, would be setting an
nnwise precedent in enacting a mea
sure pla.lug such authority in a de
partment head in contravention of the
constitution.
REED FLAYS WAR DEPT.
tHy- Review Leased Wire
WASHINGTON. Mar. 1. Senatot
Reed of Missouri made another speech
in the senate tonight criticizing the
war department for delay in discharg
ing soldiers in America, saying that
"the camps are nothing more or less
than prison camps." where men are
held against their will. The war de
partment's theory that discharging
soldiers at this time creates an over
crowded labor market was declared tq
be a mistaken one. The senator said
many men were being held because
of the petty tyranny of army men,
which should cease.
W. J. BRYAN IS ILL
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Mar. 1. William
Jennings Bryan, confined to his hotel
apartment here with a cold, today can
celled an engagement to speak tomor
row in Washington. .
GIVE MRS. WILSON PORTRAIT
iHv Review Leased Wire)
RICHMOND. Va Mar. 1. A private
copy of the original portrait of Poca
hontas will be presented by the Vir
ginia branch. Colonial Dames of Amer
ica, to Mrs. Woodrow Wilson, a lineal
descendant of the Indian princess. A
committee was named to present the
gift to Mrs. Wilson in Washington.
Big
MRS. SALES ACADEMY
ONO.K.ST.
Monday Night, March 3rd
MUSIC BY LONG'S ORCHESTRA
Prizes will be given to the best couple on waltzing
GENTS, $1.00 LADIES FREE
EVERYBODY INVITED
1
urnifrn nrnnnniT
UNSEATED IN HOUSE
IN BITTER CONTEST
Republicans Find Selves in
Majority and Give
Seat to Britt
(Hv Review 1nI Yhv
WASHINGTON. March 1. Republi
cans of the hoiis four. 1 themselves ia
ihe majority l:ito toui.uM and after ;i
jitter debate by as t riot jirty vote of
1S2 to 17:'., unscaud Representative
Zebulcm Weaver, irruvrat of the
emh North Carolina district in favor
of James J. Trit:. renul.IivUn.
There was much jjar'.ianu'tr.ary man
euvering by the democrats to prevent
a final vote ou the content, but they
lost. I'.ritt will hii.i his seat only two
days, but 'he victory fie- his salary
and allowances for thtf full term. The
contest was over the lstltJ election.
Weaver as elected to succeed him
self last fall.
Mr. Britt was in the house chamber
during the debate and subsequent vex
ing and was immediately sworn in by
Speaker Clark.
Final action on the contest came
just before midniut after more than
live hours continuous calling of th
roll. The republicans gained an ad
vantage of two votes on the first roll
calL but the democrats by parliamen
tary maneuvering succeeded in forc
ing half a dozen additional roll colls.
They failed to rally more strength.
however.
A Complete Plant For
Vulcanizing
Tabes and
t Casings
Portage Tires are Guaran
teed by THIS garage and
you don't have to wait for
adjustments If a tire goes
bad, bring it in and get an
other. Cochise Elotor Co.
ED SIMMONS, Prop.
Phone 444
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
Phone 121
COAL
WOOD
HAY
Office Below
Copper Queen Hotel
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
"Ball's Best" Plug Smoking
A clean, mild Virginia Tobacco, in
Plugs or sliced, ready to rub. lade
expressly for us. Sent by mall any
where, post and tax paid.
$1.20 POUND
W. F. BALL The Big Pipe Store,
Est. 18S2, 110 North Spring SU
Los Ans' v
OUR MILK
Is the r EST BY TEST
and PRICES RIGHT
EUY TESTED MILK
STANDARD MILK DEPOT
Brewery Gulch
Prize Dance
independence.
Adv. 7
y
krrrS A
W W I
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 21, NO. 252.
-THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MARCH 2, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
i i e r i
pis
I I APSP 1
L LmlJIii L
BY
ait
oil3lM L
V
"BILL" DAVISON
REMUS TO U. S.
WITH GltEEHW
Arizona Adventurer Who
Bluffed His Way in Civilian
Garb From Bisbee to Battle
Zone Sticks to Local Officer
Here Is Story of Supreme Con
fidence and Ability of Typi
cal Southwesterner, Told by
Commanding Officer
Private Bill Davidson.
To that name may be added, "Order
ly to Lt. Col. John C. Greenway, First
Division, A. . R," and there stands
the fall designation of a member of
the United States overseas forces,
who has a record which has no equal.
perhaps, in any of the armies of the !
allies. When the United States de-j
clared war and it became certain that I
va r ho en tr-i coH vrfttl an 31 TTTi V I
opposing the boches. Bill Davidson be
came possessed of but one idea and
one purpose. That purpose he ac-!
complished fully and in the accomp
lishing of it he made the record that
will here be set forth.
Bill Davidson knew that nothing
could keep Jack Greenway away from
the front and where Jack Greenway
went was the only place for BilL How
to get to the front with Greenway and
get assigned to his particular regiment
was something that any sensible per
son that Is, except Bill would have
thought impossible. With Bill it was
the one thing above all others to be
accomplished by Mm and with this
end In view he set about his affairs,
confident that he would land In
France with his old chief and that
they would go through a bigger expe
rience than either had yet had and
do it together, just as they had done
other things together.
Served in Cuba
Right here it might be well to state
that Bill served in the Rough Riders
in Cuba under Captain Greenway. He
was the best first sergeant in Cuba, in
the oDinion of Captain Greenway ana
ethers, including Colonel Roosevelt.
Havine served with Greenway in
Cuba, to Bill it was the most natural
thing in the world for him to again go ers has its proportion or unsold cop
nvprseaa and serve with Greenway In ! per on hand. Early last month when
whaT he expected to be The cuimina-
,ual " 1
lion of their military careers.
Having offered his services and re
ceived a commission as a major of en
gineers, Greenway was sitting in his
office in Warren, having placed his
business affairs in shape to permit of
bis departure, and was just finisning
up some personal matters preparatory
to closing down his desk and walking
out of the office, when the door open
ed and in walked Bill.
""Well, Captain, Tve quit over yon
'der," he remarked. Bill had been em
ployed by the New Cornelia at Ajo.
-What did you quit for, Bill?" asked
Greenway.
Tm going into the army with you,"
was the reply.
"Have you enlistedr 'asked Green
way. Insisted on Going
"Hell. no. I'm no fool. If I enlist
over here, I may not get to France for
months, perhaps not at alL Tm going
with you and enlist in your regiment
after I get to France." was the way
Bill had it figured out.
-I nnldn't make Bill see the futil-
ity of hia idea of getting over to 800,000 pounds In October. Produc
France without enlisting in the serv- tion for the ISIS year approximated
Ice " said Colonel Greenway, "so there 9.600.000 pounds, compared with 6,
wa's nothing to do but let Bill come 138,219 pounds In 1917. and 9.364,000
along- We took the train together at ! pounds in 1916. In 1917 the property
Osborn. Bill carrying his bed rolled J was closed down for about five months
op In a slicker and together we made due to labor troubles. ,
the trip to New York.
"When we got to New York, Bill BRING TROOPS HOME
stopped at the Manhattan hotel and j NEW YORK. Mar. 1. Bringing 3491
I was at the Biltmore. Bill met some troops. Including the 350th regiment
of his old comrades of the Cuban , of field artillery (negro) complete
campaign and to them he confided his with the exception of 43 officers who
Intention of going over without enlist- remain In France on detached service.
ing and of enlisting In my regiment
after he got over. When they told him
how futile It was and that he couldn't
even get on the Hoboken docks with-
out a pass. Bill was somewhat shaken
In his urbane confidence, out ne was
none the less determined.
Refused Passport
. "While I was waiting in New York
for orders, Bill ran down to Washing
ton to see Senator Ashurst. Senator
Ashurst exerted every effort to get
a uassDort for Bill, but it was use-
less. It just couldn't be done and there
was no possible way tor me ue-at the smelter or the American smeit
partment to take any such action. j ing and Refining company, where be--Bill
came back to New York more ; tween 300 and 400 men are on strike
determined than ever to get over. I jn protest against recent wage cuts.
got my sailing orders ana witn my bis-
ter, sister-in-law and BUI went to the
Hoboken piers and found that 1 was
to sail on the Agamemnon, which was
formerly the German steamship
Kaiser Wilhelm IL I went aboard ana
found that I had a large and comfort
(ContlnueJ on Page Six.)
LOT OF LITTLE GERMAN COLONIES ASK
.
UNCLE SAM TO BE THEIR FOSTER DADDY
BY HAROLD E. BECHTOL.
European Manager of the Newspaper Enterprise Association
PARIS, France.
A lot of former German colonial youngsters are clam
oring to be adopted by the United States.
The job of the "papa" nation chosen by the League of
Nations as trustee for each colony until it is able to govern
itself will be not merely to administer the affairs of its ward,
but to do it with an eye always upon the training of the poten
tial independent nation so well that the day-by-day affairs of
the colony will be an object lesson.
Thus each colony under the league will become "a school in which
the colonies will learn to conduct their own affairs by watching the wheels
of the government machinery go round under "papa's" management.
The League of Nations will probably arrange a plan whereby wards will
take over their own affair step at a time, the Big Powers pulling out
gradually. .
Of course Uncle Sam is regarded as an ideal father. He has a spotless
paternal record and an excellent general reputation. And being the main
spring behind the Internationalization plan which will ultimately give the
HIES AT ClfESOl I
Small Camps of Northern Co
chise County Forced to
Shut Down Temporarily
(Special to The Review)
GLEESON, Ariz., March 1 Prop
erties of the Shannon Copper com
pany In this district have been idle for j
the past week, owing to the complete
lADAfinnM Ainniw
iiitiiijiiiiii in 1 1 1 in
nvnwvvn sill iiuiui
shutdown of operations. Between 40 j orea were sold t( smelters and prompt
and 60 men are affected by the sus- j settlements made at the current sell
pension in these properties. - - InS price for copper. Early in Decem
In Johnson, work ou practically all j er these - quotations - were discontin-
properties has been suspended and
this district Is facing a period of ex
treme stress from the labor stand
point. Practically every property in
this part of the county i3 Idle.
A few leasers are working In . the
Pearce mine.
SHANNON UNSOLD COPPER.
CLIFTON, Ariz., Mar. 1. Shannon
Copper in common with other produc
The mine closed down, its unsold cop-
. i . . i .- j -m
per equaled auuui oue-uuiru oi a year a
production, or approximately 3,000,000
pounds. Through sales that have been
made since, this total has been re
duced to less than 2,000,000 pounds.
As Shannon's costs have been ab
normally high it is faced with the
situation of having about 2,000,000
pounds of unsold copper on hand that '
cost it seven or eight cents a pound
more to nroducA than th metal Is
now being quoted at in the market. , j
Shannon could show a fair margin
of profit on a 26 cent copper metal
market, but when prices declined sev
eral cents a pound below that level
lt could not make a new dollar for an
old, and the directors deemed it un
wise to waste the stockholders' money
tn any nttprrrmt to nrniiupe Conner
j when wages and other costs wer so
; Inflated.
During the month of December, and
the early part of January, up to the
time operations were suspended, Shan
non produced 971,102 pounds of cop
per. Tnax compares witn s,uuu
pounds tnrned out in November. and
the transport Maui arrived here from
1 Brest late today after a voyage of 12
days. Five casual companies from New
York, Texas, Illinois. Michigan and
Iowa and Kansas and a convalescent
; aetaenment oi 1U4Z sick ana wounaea
were among the other units on board.
PICKET8 STOP WORKERS
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, Mar. 1.
Pickets took their places today at local
depots from which trains are taken
I to Garfield, near here. In an effort
, to persuade men from going to work
j
NAVAL FENCERS VICTORS
! ANNAPOLIS. Md, Mar. 1. The
: naTy fencers defeated Yale college
nere this ' afternoon by a score of S
to 1. The navy landed all the Louts
except the last, which was easily won
by Leicester ot Yale.'
S
licrUiil Id I05ULU
"(Special to The Review)
GLOEE, Ariz., March 1 The Iron
Cap Copper company issues the fol
lowing report:
During December 134 cars of ore
were shipped which carried frim 1.06
to 5.4 ounces of silver and 4.37 to 10.24
per cent copper. Twenty-three cars j
were shipped- to concentrating mill
whick carried from .6 to 1.85 ounces !
silver aad 2.81 to 4.01 per cent copper.
Total receipts estimated at $ 74,51 S,
expenses at $79,022; making an ap
proximate loss on a 15 per cent basis
of $4,503. During previous months
ued and we were paid a- provisional
amount based on 15 cents per pound
with the understanding that when the
metal was sold an adjustment woula
be made. Therefore, the real loss or
gain for the month cannot be stated
until the selling price is fixed. Pro -
duction for the month was annroxi-
mately S9O.000 pounds.
Shipments from the mine have
been curtailed and the mining force
reduced. Shaft sinking and the work
of installing improved machinery
eing pushed. The mine never looked
tipftpr fin.1 will tw in crnnA chano ti
- - " - -
increase' production when the metal
market shall be more in line with
the costs of production
NAVY MATMEN WIN
ANNAPOLIS, Md., Mar. 1. The
navy matmen defeated the wrestlers
oI Yale college by a score of 24 to 4
here this afternoon, in practically the
best meet of the season.
colonies self-rule, It la only natural that all the wards should start yelling
"We want an American daddy" right off. s
But the American mission is makingno promises. Its attitude is to
let the League of Nations and America decide. Its job was to stand firm
against anything that might resemble a "spoils party."
Some American mission officials are certain that American sentiment
will be strongly against any adoptions. There are other nations that will
probably be glad to take on the jobs and have unity popular support in doing it.
If the question of America's willingness to accept the responsibility Is
raised, that might make a difference, certain officials feel. In that case
the people of the United States might accept an appointment in the spirit
of helpfulness and set about to establish a short-distance record in bringing
the happy colony to a point where' self-government would be advisable.
In any case, if it were shown to be the American desire, the United
States might reasonably beg to be excused on this ground:
"We have taken a strong stand against obtaining any material bene
fits for ourselves in the war; we have declared again and again that we
sought nothing for ourselves; and we desire to do nothing that might be
construed into a contention that we are not carrying out that pledge In
whole-hearted spirit." ,
The question of who is to pay for the administration of wards of the
League of Nation's administered by single nations is a difficult one but Is
regarded as a detail.
Presumably the colonies would pay. Insofar as they are able. They
would prcbably desire to be self-supporting. In cases where the revenue
falls short of requirements for government it would remain for the league
or the papa nation to make up the difference. Those who favor league pay
ment insist this plan would be more closely in accord with the spirit of in-,
ternationalization. - - " . '
SPECIAL TRAIN FOR
lflSPIRAtlON'Sie!,rn;"u"""
MIAMI, Ariz., March It The Inspi
ration Consolidated Copper company j
has inaugurated a regular passenger j
train service between .Lower Miami
ana iue msyiraiiun uuiie. lue li niiia y
will be operated on a schedule to al-
low employes of tne mine ana mill to
reach the property from any shift. The
large motor busses, now running be-
tween the town of Miami and the In
spiration workings will be discontin
ued and the employes will henceforth
ride on fully equipped passenger
trains. The motor service was' not
entirely satisfactory on account of the
condition of the roads, especially in
stormy weather. ,
A station and waiting room is being
built at Lower Miami, from which
point the trains will start. A complete
eauipment of passenger coaches, pur-;
; chased especially for the Inspiration
j railroad was recently received and sev-t
eral trial trips have been made over
! the company track to familiarize the
train crew with the route and equip-
I
neni
Coupon books will be issued by the
i Inspiration company to all employes
! desiring them. It is understood the:
company will issue the coupon books!
good for 60 -rides for three dollars
The cost of the coupon books will be
deducted from the employe's pay
check. -
The trains'will start from the Lower
Miami station on regular schedule,
stopping at the smelter, mill and prin
cipal workings of the Inspiration com
pany. The, return trips will start when
the men come off shift, affording the
employes a sate ana reuaDie means ot
transportation to and from work.
I BELIEVE that the American Republic as insUtuted by the fathers
constitutes the finest system of government ever ordained for the
righting of grievances without resort to violence, tumult, and disorder.
I BELIEVE that every inequality which exists In the social and
economic condition of the American people la traceable to the suc
cessful demands of interested classes for class legislation, and I
believe, therefore, that practical equality can be obtained under our
form of government by remedial legislation in the Interest of the
American people and not in the interest of any body threof, large
or small.
I BELIEVE there is no justification in a government, where officials
are elected and laws made by the people, for a minority to threaten
bloodshed and anarchy unless the majority shall submit to the will
of the minority.
I BELIEVE that America belongs to American citizens, native and
naturalized, who are willing to seek redress for their grievances
in orderly and constitutional ways, and I believe that all others
should be taught, peacefully if we can and forcibly If we must, that
our country is not an International boarding house nor an anarchist
cafe,
I PLEDGE myself to the support of these principles by my voice, by
my vote, and. if need be. by my fortune and my life, and I promise
my country to train my children in this most holy faith.
iRAV PflfJ RFDfiRK
mm tuk mo
.
Three Quarterly Periods Show
13 A ff r-- j j
Financial Slump .
(Special to The Review)
RAY, Ariz., Mar. 1. The Ray Con
solidated Copper company reports for
the quarter ended Dec. 31, 1918. a de
ficit after dividends of ?774,771 as
against a deficit for the September
quarter of $299,536. As there was a
surplus X $1,872,330 and a deficit in
March, three months, of $471,316, the
net deficit for the year after dividends
was $475,290.
The profit and loss ac-
1 count for the year shows.
Surplus Dec. SI, 1917 $16,S90,196
j Total income 4,6,52,542
'Dividend disbursements
(3.25 per share) 5.125.S32
! Net dedcutlcns from
I A. J 3
surplus
473,250
, Surplus, Dec. 31, 1918 16,416,905
These figures are subject to such ad
justments In the annual report as
may be necessitated by recomputation
of taxes and other entries when the
company's accounts are audited by, its
certified accounts.
The average carrying price of cop
per for the quarter was 20.S03 cents,
as compared with 24.156 cents for the
previous quarter.
The average cost per pounr of all
j net copper produced1 for the quarter
i was la.ouo cents, l nis cost does not
I (Continued on Page Six.)
Will labor be able to keep the higher
wages aud better living conditions it
has obtained during the war?
Some capitalists in both Europe and
America are saying. "Not if we can
prevent it."
Hut if you ask Barnes
Barne s is the labor member of the
British war cabinet. He is the labor
member of Lloyd George's British
peace mission. In other words, he
holds the two highest labor posts in
the present British government. He
says :
You raise wages generally through
out the country, whether because of
war or for some other reason, and
they're not coming down again! Any
body knows that."
TELLURIDES -FOUND
If) YOMA PROPERTY
New Goldfield May Be Open
ed in Cunningham Pass
Mine; Big Rush Starts
(Special to The Review)
JEROME. Ariz., Mar. 1. Tellurides
in Arizona!
A new Goldfield in Cunningham
Pass!
, These are the possibilities that fol
low a recent assay of ores from the
famous Critic mine which lies nine
miles north of Wenden in Yuma
county and which has been a noted
i shipper of exceptionally rich copper
j and gold ores for several years.
A sample of what the operators of
, the Critic called "black sulphide"
was sent last week to Jerome for tests.
The content was given at 12 ounces of
gold, 20.7 per cent of copper and 6.4
ounces of silver per ton. Further de
terminations made by two local assay
offices developed the startling fact
that the ore was a true telluride and
that the values lay principally in the
Calaveraite content, this being one of
the most valuable of the telluride
group and which, when pure, will as
say as high as 90 per cent gold.!
The Calaverite naturally Termed
but a small fraction of the sample
and occurred in small deposits "of a
blackish soft mineral lying in tiny
pockets in the gangue.
Breaks New Ground
This is the first recognized anu
proven deposit of tellurides that has
occurred in Arizona. From time to
time, rumors have been heard of the
occurrence of this form of ore. but
it has been Impossible to verify them.
A few months ago it was reported
that there had been a strike of tellur
ide at a property just being opened ut
the Little Harqua Halas and an in
' vestigation was made but the report
I palpably an error. Early last year
similar reports were heard from the
i country south of Vail, but these, too,
I were promptly disproved.
'GOLD-SILVER MINE
CARRIES 2 PCT. COPPER
Helen Dome Property Pre
pares for Work; Fair View
Group in New Hands
(Special to The Review)
BOWIE, Arix.. Mar. 1. -Work has
again started in the Helen Dome mine
located In the Pass and machinery is
arriving daily in Bowie and being
hauled out to the property. A crew of
men are at work getting thing Bhaped
up to mine on a larger scale than
previously attempted. -
The Helen Dome is - a gold-silver
property and also carries 2 per cent
copper.
The property Is owned by T. J.
Quillan and is now being operated
under & bond and lease by a company
of Minneapolis, Minn., and Douglas,
Arii., business men.
. N. A. Hickok. resident civil engi
neer, is contemplating a trip to Cali
fornia for the purpose of consumatlng
a deal he has in progress on what
is known as the Fair View group of
mines in Buckeye canyon. These
mines were worked by a company sev
eral years ago, with the crude meth
ods used in those days, and this, to
gether with the low prices of the
metals prevailing, and the extravagant
means employed, the mines were
worked at a loss to the company.
Mr. Hickok states that he expects
to Install the latest machinery ob
tainable with a capacity of 24 tons
per 24 hours concentrating plant, and
the concentrates will be shipped to
El Paso for reduction.
The mines consist of seven claims
aud all claims are mineralized with ;
well defined ledges and there are at
least a thousand tons of ore now
i ready for the mill. The ledges have
plenty of tunnels driven at various
j places to demonstrate that there Is
at least 100.000 tons of ore In sight
that will concentrate and pay In val-
use of about $125 per ton ol gold,
silver and lead.
PROPOSES
WORLD BUREAU
10
EMPLOYE
BETTER POSITION
British Delegate Seeks Means
to Prosecute Violators and
Court to Punish Offenders ;
Outlines England's Program
Hope to Establish Permanent
Body Under Nations Cove
nant to Create International
Public Opinion for Workers
BY HAROLD E.
BECHTOL,
European Manager of
E. A.
PARIS. March 1. 'It is not suffi
cient that the peace conference mere
ly affirm general labor principles. It
must provide an international organi
zation to secure their observance."
That statement by George N.
Barnes, labor member or the British
peace mission, summarizes what Brit
ain stands for in the way of interna
tional labor regulations. 1
It is the gist of the program which
fvEritain has thrown into the hopper of
the peace conference labor committee.
Barnes and Samuel Gompers are lead
ing members of this committee. It is
expected to have ready for submission
to a conference very shortly a com
plete international labor program.
It is practically certain that the Brit-
j Jsn Plan for permanent organization
will form a good part of the recom
mendations of teh labor committer
and - it is regarded as likely to be
adopted by the conference itself, '
though with possible engages.
BERN E CONVENTIONS
LACKED BACKING
Barnes first pointed out that the
international conventions drawn up
in Btrne in 1905-6 failed largely be
cause of the absence of an Interna
tional authority which could whip
backward states into observance.
"These difficulties we hope will be
overcome by making the boundaries
of the international, permanent labor
organization coterminus with tho
League of Nations, and by bringing
togettf employers, employes and the
nation j m such a way as to give the
employers and employed a definite
status," Barrens continued.
"We hope to establish a perma
nent labor bureau under the League
pf Nations to collect and spread in
formation, thus creating interuationa!
public opinion in favor of observance
of the conventions.
"In some matters, compliance could
be forced through customs. In others,
discrimination would be difficult. All
proposals must be consistent with
President Wilson's principle of equal
economic treatment among nations,
and this must be constantly borne in
mind In considering the pressure
which might be brought to bear ou any
defaulting state. Much, therefore,
might be said in favor of moral rather
than legislative action.
"But whatever the method adopted
for enforcing the international labor
program, there must be a permanent
machinery to bring pressure on coun
tries where conditions of life or em-,
ployment are bad.
LACK OF ORGANIZATION
IN SOME COUNTRIES
"This involves making the state re
sponsible for the acts of its subjects
employers or employed. One diffi
culty which must be met is the ab
sence of organlxation among th
workers of certain countries.
"The bureau established miRht be
given authority to announce to the
world any violations of the interna
tional regulations by any country.
"Or the bureau might bring he
facts before a court of the League ot
Nations .drawn from a standing
panel. This court would then hear the
bureau's evidence and take whatever
disciplinary action was provided,
whether economic pressure or expos
ing the facts to the world.
"This standing panel is part of our
plan, and we also provide inspectors
tor the permanent bureau whose jobs
it wi'l be to see that the convention
are observed in all countries.
CALL CONVENTION
TO PLAN DETAILS
"Our proposal Is that the plan be
j adopted by the reace conference In a
be called in a few months to work out
the details and draw up the conven
Hons all of course, under the League
rf Nations.
"This convention would be atten t d
by representatives of workers, rei..J
(Continued on Page Six.)
BARES
SURE TWO
THE PISBEE DAILX REVIEW, SUNDAY,r MARCH 2r 1919. -v-
Here, There arid Every whem in the
Country Club Dinner
Dance Well Attended
Many members and an equally large
number of guests were present at the'
Warren district Country club dinner- j
dance, last Tuesday evening at the
club's home, near Warren. Tables j
m ere arranged about the large room
for the members and their guests, and j
dancing vas in the center of the large j
ball room. More, than ' fifty : couples
were present. - " . . ' '
Among those who had tables for ,
the evening were: J. C. Ryan, Thos. ;
A. Esau, G. H. Fitzgerald, Ben Wilson.
R. R. -Smith, C. W. Boswell, P. H
Fitzpatrick. L. "L. Gilman, J. P. Con
nolly, W. H. Rich. E. E. Whiteley, E.
H. BroughtonE. C Hatley. L. J. Over
lcck. J. D. Taylor. W.-'A. Schwartz and,
Charles F. Willis.
Social activity at the Country club
is due for several striking events with
in the next few weeks, and many func
tions which will be ef especial attrac
tion to members and guests are be
ing planned.- Included in these is a
dance to be given on St. Patrick's day,
March ' 17, and for which elaborate
plans are now being made. .
Mrs. and Mis True
Hostesses at Bridge
Mrs.. Job4 True and Miss Helen
True were hostesses at a bridge tea
last week. Their guests - included:
Mrs. Grant Wowell, Mrs. Cleon Knapp,
Mrs. J. & Dymock, Mrs. Arthur Not
man. Mrs. C. M. Lynn, Mrs. J. E.
Tanny. Mrs John Bridge, Mrs. Geo.
Bridge, Mrs. Joseph Irving. Mrs.
Roger Pelton, Miss Rowe and Miss
Fherman. Mrs. Kotman poured tea.
Dance for Visitor . .-
One of the Informal affairs of the
week was a dancing party 'given by
the Ross Moons, complimenting Mrs.
Gum of San Franscisco, house guest of
Mr. and Mrs. H M... Gallagher, who
are now residing in Douglas. About
15 couples enjoyed the evening.
Visit in Tucson
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Notman are
spending the week-end in Tucson.
Bridge Benefits Ending
Mrs. W. G. Bryan entertained last
week in the series that will bring the
benefit blind parties to an end. Her
guests were Mesdames W. E. Oxsheer..
Walter Knowles and Sim Harris will
each have a party pf four although
it is not required of them. '
Visiting in Colorado
Mrs. Tom Cowperthwait departed
last week for Golden, Colo., to be
away several weeks. She was joined
by her sister, Mr3. Leplent of Tucson.
: --' .t,(i!ji-.'ti'.
Hold Food Sale
The weekly food sales held by-flturr !uh-ilarch 4 is tie one nf-.the
laaies aia oi me uapiisi cnurai si
Angius grocery store each Saturday
are very well patronized. The cake-,
pies and treads and other toothsome
dainties, made of the best materials,
are splendid examples of their maker j'
skill. The meeting of the, ladies ail
held each week in the church are well
attendei About 15 were prent ani
helped to tie comforts. There will te
more work of this, sort next week.
Blind Teas Have
Been Marked Success
- The general ' committee for the
-blind teas" feel that while they have
not received generous co-operation
from the weather man of late, -the
hostesses have more than put fortht
every effort and have made these
weekly affairs most successful- This
added to the enthusiastic response on
the part of the public has made it one
pi the most popular of the war chari
ties. Tuesday, March 4, is the last
tea of the season and it promises t
be one of the large affairs of the
week. - Mrs. F. E. Shine and Mrs. C.
S. Thompson are to be the hostesses
League Meeting
The monthly meeting of the Presby
terian League in the parlos of the
church, is to be Wednesday, Marc a
5, at 2:30. Mrs. Fisher and Mr.s.
Frazier will be hostesses.
Dedicate New Church
The acquisition of. a splendid nerr
church building on Main street makej
possible the broadening of the wori
of the Baptist. The dedicatory ser
vices to ake place on Sunday. March
9, are. to be especially fine. Both
morning and evening services are lo
be held, but the one in the evening
is to be a special program, .which the
choir hns been preparing for some
time. The dedication of the clat s
room turned over to the Fidelia clas.?,
was held on last Friday evening, when
the girls entertained their niothei3
with a rarty. A very enjoyable musi
al iroram was given and refreshments-
of punch and- wafers were
served.
Move to Warren
Among those who have recently
moved to Warren are the Thorlief Ol
bons. '
'ji!d Meeting
TI'iS nirtins: or St. John's Guild ;t
t!.e heme of Mrs. Walter O'Malley wts
very well attendt-d. On March 5 tte
guild is to meet at the home of Mrs.
J. W. F. Smith.
Motor to Douglas
A piirty that motored to I)ou?!ds last
week was coniijsed of Mr. and Mrs. K
Frank I'.utlcr. Mrs. R. O. Owen. Mrs.
J. V. Ferron and Mrs. M. i- Ilutler
St. Patrick's Dance
arc tii' fvr a -7?.
dau.' l tbv C'ouulrj tlub.
r.idi- V
Graceful Gloria
1 -r4 : I ' I 'A s -
Gloria Goodwin, dancer ' with the !
"Melting 'of Molly" company, shows !
how tc stand like a Greek statue. j
BY GLORIA GOODWIN
Beauty without grace is the hook ,
without the bait. It is the duty, of '
every girl to be graceful, and grace is ,
one o the easiest of good things to ;
acquire. j
The secret of grace is the complete j
control of the body. But there can be!
no control of the body without control
of the mind. Perfect health and all
Club Meeting Is
Of Much Importance
The Tnptin nf th Twentieth Ppn-
musi important ones oi me year ana
all members are especially 'requested
to be present for the' election of of
ficers Members as well as those not
belonging to the club, who were un
able to avail themselves of the privi
lege of learning man v fine points in
all branches of sewing and renovating
under tu tutlage of Miss Snorleder i
mieCH ioh.h .... - -
" j
Parent-Teacher Program -
The program for the regular meet
ing of the Lowell Parent-Teacher asso-;
ciation cn Thursday, March 6. at 7;
p. m., is as fallows: j
Piano solo,. Miss Butler. -- j
Discussion topic. Hew Can the Parent-Teacher
association Make. Itself
More Vital to the Community?
Short tk by Miss Gregg.
Reading, Miss Horton..
Talk, Miss Sporieder.
After the program' the refreshment i
committee will serve refreshments. !
Mrs. High Hostess
at Women's Club 1 ' " . "
Mrs. Morris Hiph was the hostess :
for the afternoon at cards last Friday
at the Women's club. "A committee is
tffc arraTlTO tho rllAfailG rf tho Innrhonn !
complimentary to Mrs. F. E. Coles,
Friday. March 14. Mrs. Coles has been
a member of the club for over 12 years
oiiu iias ajwajs oetn one oi me mosi
arrive ana ireresiea representatives,
initiating - many of the social affairs.
The Cols; family are departing ,in the
eany part or April. ,
Birthday Party for k
Albert White, Jr.- ' .
Albert White, jr son of -Mr.-and Mrs
W. A. White, of Warren.-was the host!
to a party -of his little friends Thurs-'
day afternoon. Cake, ice cream and
lemonade were served. Following
were the guests; Grace Taylor, M.
Kickolson. E. Giilrnan, G. Gillman, R.
Winstead, L. Krock,
Krock. and C. Orton.
A. Krock, R- j
Catherine Nobles Is
Given Surprise Party.
More than bixty guests attended the j
surprise party civen at the Upper
Lowell club house during the week, j
in honor of Miss Catherine Nobles; j
the occasion being her fifteenth birth- j
day. Games, music and dancing of-!
forded entertainment during the even-;
ing. Oiaperanes for the" occasion j
were Mrs. Le l:iaely. Mrs. Bvrtna
Johnson. Fred Attaway and Henry At-
taway. .
Musical Success May
Forecast Other Events.'
Thr enthusiasm di.-plyd at the;
""ovar concert last Thursday evening
and ibf many in'jiiiries ivcarding fu
ture f-oii'-rris will no doubt gie suf-'
ficient eincuragement to those inter
ested in tliincs musical to bring some!
J nationally known artists here in a
itjn'tr' pro;T.Mii in U'e 'f-priuc u!
'tdiiy sUiiiiiiT luoatth. Mrs. N. C.
I
Says Good Lines Come Easy!
! A. I
.arid Goocbdil
absence of self-consciousness must go ' critically and clothe yourself so as to
together. 'be able to dress in a way that will
Think in terms of beauty. Read good J make the most. )of the beautiful lines
poetry and study good pictures. Learn in your own figure, and every girl, no
to appreciate the secret of the great matter if she be inclined to stoutness
Grecian sculptors. Take an interest; or thinness, has some beautiful lines
in all forms of art. Surround your- '
Bledsoe chairman of the educational I
burg who handled the business details, :
tnsrethor with th V. W c A. hoard
ore of this effort which in. addition to
its cultural value made a generous
contribution to Y. W. C. A. work.
Many Motor to Dauglas
. 7, -c
,lort ine ,s" , k JJQUSli !
last week The country club was rep-i
resented by, about twenty golf and
four tennis enthusiasts who lost 12
I maunes ana ou o
7H
raid fhafer 2
n
j tVi AtlU Aiit I iMYU
B . .
ft ... . . . . . .
M ------- - . k
HOREjlAOGHS than Hiss Iilayo's Famous "VIN BEDS" and "BABY mw Combined.
A Cyclonic Whirlwind of MIRTH MUSICGIRLS 3 HILARIOUS, JOYFUL ACTS.
"HIS BRIDAL NIGHT is a Worth I Vhilc Show" New orians Timo-naym. jia. u.
Prices: $1.00,
. Study to .make "every. move a pic
ture" in gestures of the arm and wrist.
Seek curved lines, not angles.-. ,
self with "beautiful things. 'And beau
tiful pictures and ornaments are not
necessarily expensive. Keep flowers
in your home. Study form and deco
ration so as to be able to arrane-e Your
Ijbwn private little room artistically.
r' Look at yotfr own form and figur.
that are worthy of being accentuated.
To Red Cross .Sewers
i4-e Ioca cnapter is .-anxious ito
make, witnm tne next lew nays, a
signed it.- Will those ladies who have
unfinished pajamas on hand kindly
complete them as soon as possible and
send ' them to the Library building,
Red Cross office.
Gundry-Chalmers Wedding,
:
The marriage of Miss Cora Gundry
and Cecil Chalmers was performed
last evening.
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY
I'S latest and Greatest Laughing Sensation
$1.50, $2.00.
! The Churches
Notices to appear in this column
hereafter must be in The Review
effioe not later than Friday eve
ning ef each week. Notices re
ceived after that time oenrxrt be
used.
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
Sunday March 2.
: Sunday school, 9:45 a. m.
Morning worship, 11 a. m.
Sermon topic, "The Light of tlie
World."'
Evenlns worship, 7:30 p. m.
Sermon topic, "Our Social Conren
Uons." There will be a joint meeting of the
Session and the Board of Trustees of
the church at 8 p. m., Wednesday,
organizations cm cmf cmfw cmfwy p
March 6. A tun attendance of both
organizations is requested.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Informal Christian Science services
are held in Warren every Sunday In
the public hall opposite C. & A. of
fices. All are most welcome. Serv
ices today will be held at 7:30 p. m.
- Subject, "Christ Jesus."
METHODIST-EPISCOPAL
. The League of Natipns, the Magna
Charta cf the World. Not an "entang
ling" alliance.. but an "untangling" al
liance. Discussed at the morning
service. 11 a. in. Story prelude.
"John Steward "
Evening service, 7:30, "The Passing
of Great Men."
Sunday school, 9:45 a, m.
Epwcrth league meeting. 6:30.
CHARLES W HARSHMAN.
WARREN UNION CHURCH
Services for Sunday, March 2, as
follows:
Sunday school .will meet at the usu-.
al hour, 10 o'clock.
Preaching service will be . at 11
o'clock. - There will be no evening
service.
Preaching service at South E is bee
at 7:30 In the evening.
Sunday school at South Bisbee will
meet at. 2 o'clock in afternoon.
Sunday school at Don Luis will meet
at the usual hour, 11 o'clock.
A cordial invitation is extended to
all of the above services.
THOS- A. MITCHELL.
- Minister.
ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL
Sunday school, 9:4i a. ib.
Morning prayer and address follow
ed by celebration of the Holy Com-,
munion, Ham.
Thursday, choir practice. 8 p. m.
JACOB M. WHITE, Rector.
CHRISTIAN 'SCIENCE
The Christian Science society of Bis
bee, Aria, hold services in the Odd
Many Attend Tea GivCn
By Mrs. Rawlings.
One of the largest teas of the year preparation that removes the catarrhal
was that of Mrs. John B. Rawlings j mucus from the intestinal tract and
on Friday. About fifty guests called ; allays the inflammation which causes
during the afternoon. Mrs. Rawlings j practically all stomach, liver and in
was assisted by Mrs. F. E. Shine and ; testinal ailments; including appendt
Mrs. Joseph Irving who poured tea, ! citis. One dose will convince or money
! and Miss Helen True. Miss Jane Irv-
S ing and Miss Johnson served.
Seats at
Wei
V VT7 v3 T7 T7
I Fellows' hall every Sunday morning
! at 11 o'clock. Sunday school at 10
o'clock, and Wednesday evening testi
mony meeting at 8 o'clock. The pub
lic is welcome and. invited to attend.
Subject for Sunday, March 2, 1919,
-Christ Jesus."
THE FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
Main Street
The homelike church.
9:45 a. m. Bible School. A sep
arate room for every class.
11 a. m. Sermon by pastor. Theme,
?The love of Christ to His People."
5 p. m. B. Y. P. U.. jr. meeting.
- 6:30 p. m. B. Y. P. U., sr., meeting.
7:30 p. m. Sermon by pastor.
Theme, " "Immediately . Seeking the
Lord."
. We have eight grown people to baV
tlze Sunday night after the sermon.
Come and worship with us. We will
make you glad you came.
H. C. COMPTOX.
x rastor.
LATTER DAY SAINTS
Bisbee
Recognized Church of Jesus Christ
of Latter Day Saints, opposite Warren
laundry, Tombstone canyon.
Sunday school, 10 a. m.
Social and Sacrament i?rvice at
11 a. m.
Young folks meeting at 6:45 p. m.
Preaching at 8 p. tn.
W. H. MANNERINO,
In Charge.
LATTER DAY SAINTS.
Johnson Addition
There will be a preaching service
held in the Johnny Moore Hall, in
Johnson addition, Sunday evening at
7:30, by Ministers Lamb and Balshan
of the R, C. of J. C. of Latter Day
Saints
Everybody invited.
CHRISTIAN CHURCH
Bible school, 10 a. m.
Morning service, 11 a. m.
Sermon, "What God Does it Do to
Pray." . -
Evening servise, 7:30 p. m.
Sermon, "How Comradeship With
Christ Helps."
We invite all to our services.
The popular Bible class meets
Wedensday night at 7:30. Come and
bring a friend.
WILL H. MATTHES. Pastor.
URGES INDUSTRIAL FILMS
(Bv Review leased Vire
WASHINGTON'. Mar. 1. Appropria
tion of 5100,000 to make moving pic
tures of American industries for pro
motion of trade at home and abroad
was advocated today by Secretary
Redfield before the house interstate
commerce committee.
FATHER HELPIN ALL HE CAN
"Two of my sons are hi the war. 1
am doing all I can to help my coun
try as well as Mayr's Wonderful Rem
edj which I can thank for my present
good health. I suffered five years
with most serious stomach trouble and
bloating. Am recommending it to all
sufferers." It is a simple, harmless
refunded.
Sold by uowea urug to.,
! and druggists everywhere.
larch
5
11
Box Office Now.
i
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Ditmonds, Jewelry, Etc
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE BREWERY GULCH
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Rlrlo Main Srrm-l
Phone 26 Box 1129
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER & STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence, Black 333
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
phone ia
O K ST
C a HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Belovtr
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
CR HOGM
THE REVIEW
Job Department
will furnish you an estimate
on that job tin short notice
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Reaptctfulty Solicit Your
Patronao
PHONE 53
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO,
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 50.
In Preparing
Specifications
it makes a whole lot of differ
ence -what kind of lumber you
use. If the lumber is to come
from us, you can figure on
quantities much closer than if
you don't specify us. There
is no waste to our lumber. It
can be used to the last inch.
If your plans are as tight as
our lumber your building will
be a dandy.
Bisbee Lumber Co.
I (Incorporated)
j EMIL MARKS, Mgr. .
' Lowell Car Stop. Phone 25. ' 4
the bise? daily jyTEW, Sunday, mapxh 2, 1919.
THREE
n.
.!
!
. J
4 .
i
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK, March 1 Transporta
tion shares dominated today's stock
market, overshadowing all other- Is
sues by activity and strength. The
movement embraced secondary as well
as gilt edged issues, coalers. Pacifies,
grangers and cotton carriers mating
greatest gains.
American interest again led " the
shipping division, but relinquished
virtually all its advance before the
close, marine also dropping back.
Kelly-Springfield resumed its up
ward swing, advancing S points. Other
motors threw off the same jecent
heaviness, but oils continued under
pressure.
Steel, Foundry, International Har
vester, Baldwin Locomotive, Crucible
Steel, registered extreme gains of 1
to 3 points, but United States Steel
was little more than stealv ?;iloa
were 275,000 shares.
An increase of $71,000,000 tn actual
loan and discounts and a substantial
emansion of excess reserves ninr-intr
the total at slightly over $40,000,000,
were noted worthy Items of the week -
ly bank statement. "
A drop of poitns in Interbo rough
Metropolitan 4's, due presumably to
the existing tangle in the local trac-
tion situation, was the only marked
change In the bond market. Total
sales. Dar value, a eerp crated S5.1 50 000
via cm tea states bonus were
altered on call during the week.
un
GRAIN MARKET
CHICAGO, March 1. Estimates to-
day on farm reserves of corn proved
to be less bullish than many traders
had looked for. Largely as a result,
moderate advances were more than
wiped out. The market closed unset
tled. c net lower to c gain, with May
$1.254L23, and July $L21 to
$1.214. Oats finished a shade to lc
down and provisions varying from 2-c
decline to a rise of 80c
Farm reserves estimates varied
from 824,000,000 bushels to 835,000,000
bushels of corn. At the same time,
bears emphasized the fact that al
though reserves were below the aver
age it was also true that prices were
far above the average.
Oats merely reflected action of
corn.
Higher quotations on hogs strength
ened provisions. Besides, the English
food controller was reported as taking
off restrictions, and there was talk of
lifting the German blockade.
FEDERAL RESERVE REPORT
WASHINGTON,, March L Both dis
count operations and deposits of fed
eral reserve tanks showed a slight in
crease in the last week, while the
ratio of reserves to deposits and note
liabilities decreased 9-19 of 1 per cent.
The condition of the banks at the
close of business last night as shown
by the weekly statement follows;
RESOURCES.
Total earning assets $2,239,525,000.
'Totar resources, $5,206,736,000.
LIABILITIES.
Capital paid in 5SL452.000.
Surplus, J22.73S.00O.
Government deposits, J210.547.000.
. Total gross deposits, $2,450,254,000.
F. R. notes in actual circulation,
$2,472,307,000.
F. R. bank notes in circulation, net
liabilities. $134,042,000.
All other liabilities, $45,993,000.
Total liabmties, $5,206,736,000.
METAL MARKET
NEW YORK, March 1. A little
business was reported in the copper
market during the earlier part of the
last week and at one time dealers who
had been quoting 1,500, New York,
showed a disposition to raise the prices.
The demand seemed to taper off later,
however, and the market was unset
tled today.
Rumors of sales at 14.50 New York,
could not be definitely confirmed, but
some of the local dealers were quot
ing 14.50 to 14.75. with quotations oth
erwise ruling around 15,00 to 15.25 for
electrolytic.
COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK. March
closed at 21.25 compared
at the close yesterday.
1. Cotton
with 21.19
BANK CONDITIONS
NEW YORK. March 1. The actual
condition of clearing house banks and
trust companies for the week shows
that they hold $40,178.4S0 reserve in
excess of legal requirements. This is
an Increase of $7,256,650 from last
week.
FINANCIAL REVIEW
NEW YORK. March 1. Averaging
considerably over 800,000 shares for
each full session, the week on the
stock exchange marked a further pro
nounced change of sentiment from
dullness and depression of the early
period cf the new year.
At one stage trading attained such
proportions as to cause a temporary
jump la call loans to 7 and even 7
per cent, rates unequalled since the
middle of 1917. Normal conditions
were almost automatically restored.
Only at intervals were there surface
indications of more than interest. In
vestment purchases on an impressive
scale seemed at all times lacking.
Pools switched with bewindering
rapadity from one group of specialties
to another.
Rails played an important part.
Steels and affiliated industrials of
accepted worth were kept within nar
row bounds by prospects of further
price revision, but coppers and other
base metaU strengthened as a result
of methods employed by the govern
ment to stabilize supplies on hand.
The labor outlook, the Victory
loan, further expansion of ten coun
trys" marvelous foreign trade and con
gressional debates on the league of
nations were foremost among the
events to engage the attention of high
finance.
LEASED WIRE
NEW YORK .
(l( J. Overtook, Broker)
Closing Quotation March 1, 19191
American Can
American Car
American Locomotive ........
American Smelters
American Sugar ;
Baltimore and Ohio
Baldwin
Beth B.
C. &0. ....
Central Leather
Distillers ......
Erie
46U
674
117
4S
7S
3"a
58i
62
59
17
69
Goodrich
General Motors ..... 1504
1 Inspiration
I Id das trial Alcohol
' Lackawanna. ....
45
11414
66?i
Marine pfd - 10H4
I Hid vale
42
' Mexican Petroleum 172
I rew lorit central
5
' Northern Pacific
! Reading
(Rubber
I Republic Steel . .
J Studebaker
Steel common . . .
I st- PaQl '
f Southern Pacific
Sinclair Oil
93
83
Sli
76
59
92
364
101
357
132
4S
44
034
Union Pacific
U. S. M,
Westinghouse ....
NEW YORK MINING
Alaska
' Anaconda tu
1 Butte
Green Can 43
Inspiration 45
Kennecott
30
Nevada Con 16
Old Dominion 64
Shattuck 11
Uttah Copper ..- 39
BOSTON COPPERS
Adventure
100
42
Allouez
Arizona Coral 1134
C. & A. ....
C. & H.
C. Range ...
East Butte .
Grandby ....
Goldfield ...
Hancock ...
Indiana
Keweenaw .
Lake
La Salle ...
Mohawk
Mayflower .
North Butte
Nip
Osceola
59
420
41
0S
70
23
05
75
95
04
03
52
03
10
09
4S
13
Pond Creek
Quincy . 56
Shannon - - 03
Sup Boston 02i
Utah Copper 0S
CURBS 1
A. & A-
Arizona Bing
Arizona Silver King ..
Butte and London
Big Ledge
Calsmet and Jerome ...
Cornelia
Con Arizona.
Cons Copper
Denn
Dundee
Emma
Gadsden
Green Monster
Grand Island
Hull
Howe Sound
Hecla
Iron Caps
Jerome Verde
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami Con
Porphyry
Ray Here
Tom Reed
Tuolomne
United Eastern
Verde Extension
Verde Combination ....
Wol Ariz
Cosden
Glen Rock
Island Oil
Midwest Ref
Curtiss
Wright .Martin
16
04
14
"5
v.
16 "
01
05
16 Vi
100
04
05
4S
22
35
03
04
14
29
3.
10
80
02
168
90.
04
33
90
200
0S
04
OS
155
12
0334
O ATM AN
Collin A Bretherton)
(By
Bid
.07
.08
Ask
.08
.09
.15
.07
.14
.05
.07
.06
.15
JO
.03
.16
167
4.62
.05
.20
Argo
Adams
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R. 06
Big Jim Con 12
Boundary Cone 04
Gold Ore , 06
Gold Road Bon .05
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 09
Sunnyside ...... 4. .07
Telluride 15
Tom Reed 1.66
United Eastern - 4.6
United Western .04
Red Lion ...
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden 4.87
Green Monster 37
Butte London J.2
Dundee 87
Venture Hill 06
Jerome Verde .37
5.00
.44
.14
1.00
.07
.50
.16
J2
.35
.37
2.00
.90
.10
1.00
.22
zl
.35
.85
.50
.14
Ark-Arizona
14
06
.30
Ins-Needles
Hull Copper .
Magma Chief 25
Wolv-Arixona 1.S7
Verde Combination ....
Miami Consolidated ....
Night Hawk
Grand Island
Kay Copper
Nacozari Consolidated .
Con. Copper Mines
Porphyry
Calumet &. Jerome
Feather River
.4 5
.02
.75
.7d
.37
.11
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE
BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
Hun Governor
Is Refugee in
"Bread Line99
Von Der Lacken, Who Re
fused to Spare Edith Cavell's
Life, Now in Holland
THE HAGUE, Jan. 29. (Cor
respondence of the Associated
Press.) Baron Von der Lancken,
formerly German civil governor
of Belgium, sought refuge In Hol
land when the Germans retreated
from Belgium. Von der Lancken
was the man to whom the Ameri
can minister. Brand Whitlock, de
livered his vain appeal to spare the
life of Edith Cavell, the English
nurse, who was executed by the
Germans in October, 1915, for aid
ing the British, French and Bel
gian soldiers to escape from" Bel
gium. Von der Lancken then told
Hugh Gibson, secretary of the
American legation, that the sen
tence Imposed by the military
governor on Miss .Cavell was final
and that the civil governor could
not overrule it.
When Von der Lancken arrived
here he went to the German lega
tion, but In order to obtain food
cards, he had to apply to the po
lice station where he failed miser
ably in his efforts to obtain pre
ferential treatment as a "disting
uished visitor." A chance caller
there found him in line with a
group of unwashed refugees, his
well-groomed figure out of keeping
with the surroundings. He was
compelled to stand In line for two
hours before his wants were at
tended to. : '
VAN RITTER BEGINS '
HIS 30-YEAR TERM
(By Review Xeaed Wire)
PHOENIX, Ariz., March 1. J. B.
Van Ritter today was taken to the
state prison at Florence to begin serv
ing his sentence of from 30 years to
life imposed, of which he had been
convicted earlier in the week of as
saulting William Woolf with Intent to
commit . murder.
Van Ritter shot Woolf last August
following an' argument over the sale
of an automobile. After the shooting
ne neia a large crowd. at bay with his
revolver till he was overpowered
through a ruse. '
STIFF JOINTS
SORE MUSCLES
Limber Up Quickly Under the Sootr
ino, Penetrating Application of
Hamlin's. Wizard , Oil
la cases of rheumatism and lame
back it penetrates quickly, drives out
soreness, and limbers up stiff, aching
joints and muscles. .
Wizard Oil is an absolutely v reli
able, antiseptic application for cuts,
burns, bites, and stings. Sprains and
bruises heal readily under its sooth
ing, penetrating qualities.
Get it from druggists for 30 cents.
If not satisfied return the bottle and
get your money back. . " ' "
Ever constipated .or have sick
headache? Just try Wizard Liver
Whips, pleasant little pink pills, 30
cents. Guaranteed. Adv.
Tims Brings Hsppnicss
Vfith The Dovn
Tl Comlnf ct Baby Marks & AA-
ef a Glorious Fctura.
Scientists wy rrcet stress should be laid
pen the remarkabla ioluenro which tba
Sootbcr's happy pro-natal disposition has
vpua us oesuia
and tutor ot thm gencr-
Sioaa to comet
loera
ur uTtr nan century tsj spoiled ba
Tom tbe 9tark'a antra, kiKnm as Mother's
Friend. This is a most tratefal. peoetrstinc
fnaedf that at one softens mad soothes
the mjrrtaU of broad, flat abdominal noseles
andar tfae aUa ot the abdomea. By Its rar
51 w dnrlns; the period the Brrrea, teo
Cerom aad cords are relaxed aod there to an
tf nausea, beanngHiowa peine.
ftrmU and froeral discomfort more orte
Jj"2de4erw experienced when xwtora fa
By the se of Uotber'a Friead nlsU ao
earBlnc- the monies relax with ease when
nefcr comes, the time at the erisfs U shorter
1 pain and dancer ia natnralhr avoided.
Write the BradUrtd Regulator Consoanv.
Dept E. Lamer BuUdlnr. Atlanta. Georna,
for their Motherhood Book, and cbtala
Kittle of Mother's Friend from the dnvvtst.
aJlmeans, aad fct into condlUoa to amt
lata enstsv
Far CbeaM Tie Drficefe Skim mf .
ere eeaf AW. Abee? Urn
MARINELLO
Lettuce Cream
It removes the bidden dirt and acro
multttooof waste matter better than soao
and water. Prevents irritation and gires
the tkm the natural Flow of beaUa.
I'sed and TrcoouDended by mora tbM
3500 beauty Shoos.
SAMPLE FK
McDonald's Marinello
Shop Phone 305
MXin
BRITISH DECORATE
; AMERICAN HEROES
Seven Members of Force
Russia Win High
Honors in Battle
in
ARCHAXGEU Jan.. is. via London,
Jan. 22. (Correspondence of the As
sociated Press.) Seven gallant Amer
ican soldiers of the north Russian ex
peditionary forces have received
awards of British decorations for con
spicuous bravery In the operations
which hkve sorely tried their, grit and
staying qualities . during the past few
weeks of Arctic winter.
. Private Joseph Elylnson of Goostra,
UiclL, whose conduct won him a rec
ommendation for an American award
as well as the British military medal.
Is commended In the following cita
tion: "During an attack on Dwina on .No
vember 11, Private Elylnson was sta
tioned as a machine gun helper tn an
open unfortified outpost, subjected to
concentrated fire of shrapnel and high
explosive sheila. A direct hit by a
high explosive 6hell blew the machine
gun into the air, and this soldier was
burled In the earth thrown, up by the
explosion. Four comrades stationed
with him left post. "He dug himself
out, unearthed the machine gun, clean
ed It and remained In defense of the
post until relieved alter dark."
The others decorated are:
First Lieutenant Harry s. Steele of
Saginaw, Mich., military cross. Near
Ustpadenga on November 22. he ral -
lied his men with great bravery, re
tiring under heavy, machine gun fire.
He took charge when his senior officer
was killed and withdrew the party in
order. .
Second Lieutenant Harry M. Dennis,
Ashland, Wia. military cross. Ex
ceptionally, efficient leadership and
personal bravery In the. Dwina cam
paign. :
; Sergeant Theodore W. Pautach, 274
Peterbora street, Detroit. Mich, mili
tary medal. Great gallantry at Ustpa
denga when his platoon wa heavily
attacked. r-
" Sergeant Floyd A. Wallace, Battle
Creek Mich., distinguished conduct
medaL In an engagement November
I, Wallace was stationed In an outpost
which waa heavily shelled. A bursting
shell struck a Btrawstack In the neigh
borhood of the blockhouse. Wallace,
in the face of heavy machine gun fire
dashed out, removed the straw from
tne loophole and returned unharmed. ;
A little latter another shell burst in
the same place and another loophole:
was obstructed In the same "manner. '
Again Wallace cleared away the straw,
but In returning was .severely wounded.
, Sergeant Silver K. r arris. R. F. D.
-GET
Lovell Haberdashery
special!
HE
11
"Til 6
ADMISSION: LOWER FLOOR, 25c
BALCONY, 15c
This includes the war tax.
5. Bay City. Mich., military medal.
Initiative and courage as patrol leader.
Private Charles Pell. ?S5 West Ken-
itneky street. Louisville. Kj, military
I medal. Pell with six others was sta
tioned In a block house. Two were
jKUied and three serious wounded by a
; Durstmg shell. Althoush struck in thpi
forehead and completelv blinded in
ierating a Lewis gun until he could bet
j relieved under cover of darkness. !
I .
1 McGOORTY, TOWNLEY MATCHED
By Review Leased Wlre
LONDON. March-1 Eddie McGoor-
ty. American light heavyweight, now
In the American army, was matched
today to box Seaman Arthur Townley
on. March 13. At the same time a
bout was arranged between Augie
Rawer of the American army, and win
ner in the middleweight division in
the recent Inter-allied army and navy
boxing tournament, and "Boy" Mac
Cormick for March 27.
DAVIS WINS IN EL PASO
EL PASO, Texas. Mar. 1. Practi
cally complete returns from todav'a
city democratic primary election indi
cate the re-nomination of Mayor
Charles Davis by a plurality in excess
of 1100.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
IN HE SUPERIOR COURT IN THE
County of Cochise, State, of Arizona.
Estate of William Henry Hocrafer,
also known as Walter H. Hall, de
ceased. Notice is hereby given by the
undersigned executor of the last will
and testament of William Henry Ho
craffer, also known as Walter H. Hall,
deceased, to. the creditors of and all
persons having claims against the said
deceased, to exhibit them, with the
necessary vouchers within, ten (10)
l JL'
office of J. D. Taylor, attorney at law,
Bisbee, Arizona, the same being the
place for the transaction of the busi
ness of said estate, in said County of
Cochise.
O. H. MELHAGEN, '
Executor of the Last Will and Testa
ment ot William Henry Hocraffer.
Deceased, also known as Walter H.
Hall.
Dated this 13th day of February,
1919.
First publication February 23, 1919.
Watch Your Blood Supply,
Don't Let Impurities Creep In
Pure Blood Means Perfect
Health.
The average druggist has handled
Hundreds of medicines in his day,
some 01 wnicn nave long since been
forgotten.
But there is one that has been sold
ly "the druggists throughout this
country, for more than fifty years,
and that is S. S. &, the reliable blood 1
RE
INSPECTION
You fellows who were in the service "stood for inspection" about once a week.
Any say the officer in charge certainly was critical as to your appearance. But
in civilian life you're on inspection
ALL -THE
and instead of one man giving you the
Let us tailor you, and you'll stand in the
measured for your Easter suit.
Our make GOOD policy
LOWELL
GEAD TMEAUR
SCREEN CLASSICS PRESENT
DOLLY
The GREATEST IN ADVERTISED WOMEN IN AMERICA,
nn;ii!
liiiuon uoiier ioiii
A MARVEL OF BEAUTY, ROMANCE AND THRILL
also
FIVE COMMISSIONS MEET J Twins. Loretta and Victoria. who re
PARIS. March 1 (Havas). Five) markahle resemblance H the caue of
peace conference commissions, those 1 the numerous complications vt the
cn Polish affairs. Belgian affair, j story; Victoria Caur.m who will b,
Greek affairs, reparation and the in- th prima donna: Bertha Julian. Hdr
ternatiocal regime pf ports, water- ry Lillford. Al Bruce and Clarice Grey
ways and
rai.ways. hUl sessions to-
-
ne Presentation of "His Bridal
gbt" al the Grand theater TVednes.
day evenill- -March 5. will Introduce
10 local tneater-gors a snarklin?
i musical tarce mat caa met with
great success In all the larger cities
of the country where it played last
season. The comedy is by Margaret
Mayo, who waa responsible for the
success of Twin Beds," and has to do
with a young man who. on his wed
ding night finds . himself unable to
tell his wife from her equally charm
ing sister. He Is in love with one and
one of them loves him but he can't
tell which one and neither one of te
girls will tell for reasons of their
own. John Robert 9 will be seen In
the leading male role. The Sheridan
Fruit-Juices
In Vials
' Jifiy-Jell flav
ors come sealed
in glass a bottle
in each, package.
Bach is rich es
sence, condensed
from fruit juice..
Add boiling
water, then this
essence, and you
have a real-fruit
gelatine dessert, and at
trifling cost. You should
know this fruity dainty.
10 Flacom, at Year Grocer'
2 Pachagta for S5 Cenra M
medicine, that is nnrW HMfvi
Many druggists have seen wonderful
results accomplished among their
customers by this great old medicine,
and they know that S. S. S. is one of
the most reliable blood purifiers ever
made". Keep your blood free of im
purities by the use of this honest old
medicine, and if you want medical
advice, you can obtain sam in'tfcrmt-
cost by writing to Medical Director,
Swift Specific Co, 23 Swift Labora
tory, Atlanta. Ga.
1fcTIUSR",,
ADY FOR
T
"once
100
over" everyone looks
per cent class. Come
insures SATISFACTION.
NEW YORK'S SENSATION
SME
rn is m
War
will lend adeouate support. The
chorus has been selected for its grace
and beauty as well as tor ability to
sing and dance. Adv.
That Old Suit
Is Still Good.
All it NEEDS is
Cleaning
OWEN'S
Cleaning & Dye Works
Opp. Y.W.CA.
IilASQUERADE
COSTUIilES
FOR RENT .
Special attention given to
orders for Country Club
Ball. March 1 7th.
Phone 305.
at you.
in and be
TO-DAY!
CcatfcQoos I to 11 p. a.
in
if j
n i
Gardens"
i
t THE BISBEE DAILY . REVIEW, SUNDAY, MARCH 2, 1919.
FOUR
f TRADE MARK 9
f The City of j j
)) GOODRICH 1
Chase
The Ghost
From your car
Many a motoring
party touring
through the country,
' is haunted by an
unseen passenger :
FEAR DREAD
that a tire will blow
out, like a blast
And land the motor
car at the road side,
a helpless thing.
But if you have faith
in the tires on your
car, Contented
Security is the in
visible passenger
riding with you.
And if you have ridden
on Goodrich Tires,
you have faith in
their big husky
bodies, and thick
BLACK SAFETY
TREADS, extra
wide, fortifying the
sidewall against rut
grinding.
You have faith in their
dependability every
where, and the du
rability which
rounds out - the
Service Value of
all Goodrich Tires.
Buy Goodrich Tires
from a Dealer. '
Supreme in the Air? Will It Be One
Nation Or the League of Nations?
BRITISH AVIATOR TELL S OF HIS COUNTRY'S
AIR PROGRAM AND HOPES
By CECIL L'ESTRANGE MALONE
Lieutenant Colonel, British Royal Aviation Force and Member of Parliament.
The future of the air lies in its
power as a means of transport, as an
sbliterator of international barriers
and a means for improving civiliza
tion. It 'is probable that ve have here
one of the best links yet forged for
binding together the League of Na
tions. Let us first consider the transport
or commercial side. The air will be to
transportation what the electric tele
graph was to communication.
The war is now over and the fact
that we-have a specialized air minis
try gives to Great Britain a position
of great advantage; if we take action
soon we have a moderately good op
portunity of ranking as the predomi
nant air transport power. .
The empire possesses many com
petent pilots, many firms and organi
zations desirous of commencing air
routes, but there is little experience
in actual aerial navigation under com
mercial conditions.
During the war risks in money and
life were taken; in civil flying this
will not be permissible, commercial
potentates do not realize personally
what it feels like to be lost in the air,
or the exact degree of faith in him
self and the weather that a successful
coss-country pilot has to have.
If commercial development in avia
tion is left entirely to private firms
their experience will, be bitter; they
will lose lives, shake public confidence
and retard progress.
They do not know exactly what sort
of metereological information it. is ne
cessary to obtain, nor how to obtain
and distribute it.
How much commercial sea traffic,
for example, would there be in the
English channel in winter if there
werei no buoys no lightships, no har
bors, no soundings, and no knowledge
of the tides? In that small section
only, as the result of experience gain
ed by the loss of many thousands of
lives and the expenditures of many
millions of money, any competent
firm can now run lines of steamers
within scheduled times.
The knowledge of the winds is al
most as essential to the efficient navi
gation of the air by either lighter or
heavier-than-air craft, as it was in the
old days to the navigation of sailing
ships and it is indeed conceivable that
the old charts showing the tracks for
the low-powered sailing ships will
again Ue found useful for the air as a
basis ior air navigation.
For this purpose the most import
ant work of Mr. Winston Churchill's
commercial sub-section will be that of
an air pioneer service.
The chief function "Of this section
will be to develop those routes which
our commercial or military strategy
show to be desirable.
It will endeavor to investigate tbe
best routes to follow between various'
places, where aerodromes or sea
plane bases should be established,
what navigational aids such as kite
balloons (corresponding to buoys, light
vessels and lightships), ground signs
and lights, wireless stations, etc.. etc.,
are required. The best position for re
fueling depots and the best organiza
tion of the many subsidiary services
which will be necessary.
There will be an aerographical de
partment to deal with the air as the
hydrographical department at the ad
miralty deals with the sea.
There will also be an air technical
department to deal with the innum
erable technical problems raised by
the pioneer service which will arise,
such as landing in fog, dispersing fog,
searchlight for cloud-piercing, instru
ments for nothing the exact height
above land or water, sextants, gyro
scopic compasses, etc. The nucleus of
this service exists in the technical de
partment of the air ministry.
rnriinii irnnii taI
HUM UHKK IU
PHY Bill FROM
YANKEE ATHLETES
Commission Bill
Will Become Law
THE UNITED STATES
By George E. Chamberlain
.Chairman, Senate Committee on Military Affairs.
I would like to see the creation of a separate air department whose
head should be in the cabinet with the secretaries of war and navy
I believe commercial aviation will have a great future. I be
lieve we should develop mechanical flight, so as to be able, should
the emergency arise, to achieve the supremacy of the air.
FRANCE
By Colonel Dhe
Director cf Military Aeronautic.
There is no doubt that civil aviation has an immense future. A
Morocco-Algeria line will be indispensable. Military aviation in the
war of the future will be given the same importance which is to
day given to the army and navy- We will have metropolitan and
colonial aviation forces.
GREAT BRITAIN
By General Seeley
Under Secretary for Air
We must have an air force equivalent to our land and sea
forces it would be wise to have an even greater proportion of air
force. We must secure great air routes to all the Dominions. In
the effort to increase air traffic throughout the world, for the good
of the world at large, we mean to secure first place in a generous
rivalry.
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHOEXIX. Ariz., Mar. 1. One of
the bils fathered by the state -corpora
tion commission to give that body fur
ther control over investment compa
nies, passed its final reading In the
senate late today and was ordered
transmitted to the house.
Euehman brought down a bill m
the senate to provide an appropriation
of $30,000 with an annual maintenance
fund of $7,500 to build and run a hign
school for colored children. As the
state law now stands, provision is
made for separate classes for colored
children in high schools where there
are enough to form a class, but those
who favor of the Buehman bill say it
would be preferable to have one state
high school to be attended by all col-
ord pupils throughoutArizona.
Three relief measures were intro
duced by the appropriations commit
tee, the rules were suspended and they
were sent to final reading. The three
accounts represented old bills which
the appropriations committee wished
to clear from the boeks.
Private dancing lessons at all. hours
Mrs. Sales' Academy, O. K. street.
Phone 1S3-
. a
HIGHWAY WORK MAKES
PROGRESS PAST WEEK
BISBEE CARPENTER
GOLDS INTERFERE
WITH BUSINESS
PARIS. Mar. 1. "On jeu!" that's J
Play Ball!'r in French.
Regies de Baseball." an" official
guide to the American national game,!
has just been issued by Prof. P. R.i
Carpenter, director of sports of the
Foyers du Soldat, the American Y.
M. C. A. for French soldiers, assisted
by Franz Messorly, a local enthusiast
The booklet will serve a double pur
pose. It will tell tne Frenchman ail
he needs to. know about baseball. In
his own language, and it will teach
the American in France what su
French cousin means when he shouts
at the umpire or the players. For the
rules and explanations are printed in
English also, parallel with the French
text. I
When his Umps, otherwise l'arbiter,
is ready to start the game he gives j
voice to the expression quoted at the)
head of this piece. LeLanceur or
Christie Mathewson. takes his position
at the plaque de lanceur. and hurls)
une balle in the direction of le bat-
teur, who is hovering about la plaque j
du but, otherwise known as the home,
plate. ;
A strike is une frappe, a fair ball
is vanae or a laux, according 10 ;
whether it alights within or without!
the foul line, and un bunt, is just
what the word indicates. The batsman ;
hopes to become a coureur de bases
or base runner, in which case he
will hear le aide de camp. On the j
coaching lines, bid him "Slide, Kelly.;
slide," an injunction whose French j
equivalent appears to have been omit
ted from this very interesting treatise.
If le batteur slams the ball to the
extra champs or outfield, the hit may
prove to be un coups & deux bases. If
the sphere goes over tne fence tne
hitter scores a point but, which, as
all French fans know, is a home run.
Professor Carpenter has also just is
sued two other interesting booklets,
both in French. One is the Regies
Officielles de Volley Ball. The other,
"Sports et Recreations," containing
brief descriptions of sixteen games
popular in America, was compiled
with the co-operation of Dr. George I
Meylan. of Columbia University's
physical department, who worked in
the war zone as a Y. M. C. A. physical
director.
Dr.
King's New Discovery Relieves
Them and Keep You Going
on the Job
1 1 Sits I
! "BEST IN ThU 'J,
r LONGJllJN? j
i limn ui..4
1 ig j gMjjt .f j! V
ft S fWf.U I lib
5? i
With five sons who enlisted either
in the army or navy, end he himself a
Spanish-American war veteran, W. V.
McCleary "of Bisbee, can well afford
to boast of his family's war record.
Mr. McCleary, who resides in Brew
ery Gulch, and who is. employed as a
carpenter at the Holbrook shaft, said
yesterday he was proud to say that
each of his sons enlisted for service,
and with the exception of Mike, the
eldest boy, every one of his sons saw
foreign service.
Fifty continuous years of almost un
failing checking and relieving coughs,
colds and kindred sufferings is the
proud achievement of Dr. King's New
Discovery.
Grandparents, fathers, mothers, the
kiddies all have used and are using
it as the safest, surest, most pleas-ant-to-take
remedy they know of.
Sold by all druggists everywhere.
Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets Git
at the Cause and Remove It
Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets, the substi
tute for calomel, act gently ca the bowels
and positively do the work.
People afilictsd with bad breath find
quick reiisJ through Dr. Edwards'
rrk-p Tablets. The pleasant, susar-
Following is a list of the names of
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets act gently
During the past week the county has
through County Engineer Smith, put
on some more men and added some
more stock to the equipment. Especi
ally has the force under foreman
Schaeffer been increased. His gang
is working on the Palominas road.
The other county gangs are working
on the same as last week. On the
state work Foreman Chadwick has
made good progress towards the Wal
nut Gulch wash. A good grade has
been secured by Engineer Jenkins and
work is going along fine. Whether
a low bridge will span Walnut Gulch
or a concrete dip has not been de
cided. Work under the highway commis
sion moved forward with good strides
this, week, as all the contractors have
more men and the weather was fine.
The Toohey camp, number 1, has been
moved to a point about one mile from
the track crossing where the Benson
road will connect with the Tombstone
Fairbank road. This connection will
probably not be right at the old meet
ing point because at present the small
hill makes it a dangerous crossing and
Engineer Miller is now running a line
to see if- that cannot be eliminated,
Chief Engineer Ryan having given or
ders to this effect early in the week.
The big dip on the Benson road about
12 miles west of Tombstone, Is be-
killed in the Spanish-American!
wallow of just two weeks back. One r ou -v ; m l
linnspvp l i im il nua a - - -
charge up San Juan hill that Clay
Orcpn was killed. Mrs. McCleary is
W BREATH
BAMCE
EAGLES' CLUB
Every
Wednesday and Saturday
EAGLES HALL
DANCING 8:30 P. M.
LONG'S ORCHESTRA
PIANO LESSONS
given by graduate of Sasees Acad
emy, New York. Thorough and cor
rect instruction for beginners or
advanced scholars guaranteed.
MRS. MARQUETTE
Opera Drive Orp. High School
the sons and where they are serving
for Uncle Sam:
Mike, age 2S years, is stationed at
Nogales, in the quartermaster's de
partment. Frank, age 26 years, is in the ambu
lance corps on the front in France.
Kirt. age 24. and Billy, age IS, are
with the loSth Infantry, in France,
while Clay, age 20, is serving in the
navy. He was formerly attached to pziri or
the Asiatic fleet serving in turopean
waters. While sailing on the U. S.
transport Tchikembang. three torpe
does were fired at them from a sub
marine although each of the torpedoes
missed.
W. V. McCleary, the father of these
boys, was a first sergeant in tne
Spanish-American war and helped to
recruit large numbers of men. Clay
McCleary,
, j . j. ,nn r ju iMc.Green. a brother to Jlrs.
ure to compare w ith the old sand "
but firmly on ths bovrels ana liver,
stimulating them to natural tcticn,
clearing the blood and gently pxarifying
ths entire system. They do thct which
drmerocs cIomsl doc3 wittout any
cf the bed after effects.
All the benefits of nasty, sickenma
I srrirs exthartics are dived from Dr.
! Edwards' OHv3 Tablets without griping.
v ctcorrcasn euects.
TV p. m F-dvrarda discovered the
fom'jla titer S2veateea years cf prac
tice among patients aiHicted with
bowel and liver ccirnlaint; with the
aft.onfln!: h?A breath.
Dr. Edwards' Olire Tablets are porely
a vegetable compound mixed with olive
oil; you will know them by their olive
color. Take one or ro every nigni rc
a week and note the effort ' 10c r.rd 25c
mx box. All druggists.
of the most pleasant surprises on
Tombstone-Benson road is the chang
ing hands of a piece of land right near
o t. idvm. ilia l uu! ucuua iu a c , . , , r,. ., -
Ik :.'.. . v 1.. orH n'the proud owner oi ivia. r-'"-
! ui. cfii ilcu UiaUf iui.uc uao v.- : . -. .
1H
MUSTARD PLASTERS!
QUONG FAT LDIIG
Dealer in
Fresh Meats and Vegetables
Naco, Sonora, Mexico
Copper Queen Hotel and mgh-aass Cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prioes.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
GIVE THAT OTHERS MAY LIVE
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co, Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
GIVE THAT OTHERS MAY LIVE
ESS
'i! u todav for booklet "B." explaining our system of
receiving deposits by mail. 4r-t compound interest paid
on Savings Accounts.
A Bank which has grown to importance through
its policy of giving the most satisfactory service to
its patrons that's our Bank.
With every modern convenience we . are at
your service.
Checking accounts welcomed.
BANK WITH US
"as. Ty
S
8
PAY CASH-PAY LESS
ROOM
87 c
4 Good Broom for the Money
ANGIUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
WHERE YOU CAN DO BETTER
Phone 29
J. s. Food Administration License No, G-16109
TOY THE REVIEW WANT ADS FOR QUICK RESULTS
well
Company t
uc epiniea man. tor. ue uas o6'c-u ii tt her bv the former " -
!tJiliSSSM upOb .ho death o.! xfiK&fcr, Quicker
nate the short run on the bridge justlsr oruui. , yithOUt tne Blister
north of St. David, which has seen id fm the fcridgc over snver creek. sense in mixing a mess of
so many accidents and near accidents ' Thev v.-u algQ opcn bKis for cement, i mustar(, flour md when you can
A good turn will be built at tnat jn'torcing steel and culverts. Also. easily TeiiVC pain, soreness or stiffness
bids will be opened for surfacing the j little clean, white Musterole.
All the way from now on, between . i3ke roa(j between Villcox and Co-j Musterole is made of pure oil of tnus
Douslas and Bisbee there will be a!chjse an,i aiso for the construction ! tari and other helpful insredients, corn
continuous line of advancement in all'0f a natural dirt drain and graded, bined in the form of the present white
departments of the building of thatjroad between Tearre and Cochiso on ointment. It takes the place of out-of-stretch
of highway. Eaton and Smith ;the west side of the Arizona Eastern ; date mustard plasters, and wiU not blister,
who have the contract for all the , raiiroad. This piece of road will not : Musterole usually gives prompt rehet
construction from Lowell to Forest ' have a singie culvert iu it. but all , from sore aLc..?J?f
Ranch are lined out in good shape ! aater wiU be handled with dips. When . croup, A "i
now and Atkins, who has the grading j completed the autoist can kiss the i fl STVf'&TgSr
fnr Ihn cor-tlnn Kotn oon VnrAtt llanr 1 I trt that lo.-alltV CHflfl n e f" .
and Forest Station, never has halted, ian(j be
and is turning drift in rapid fashion. pcarce
A CORPORATION, OF LOWELL, ARIZONA
is now sellinfstock at TWENTY-FIVE CENTS PER SHARE; if you have a fcy dol
lars to invest, I do not hesitate to recommend
LOWELL GOLD
us is no
"CEE-NO proposition, if you are from Missouri, we can show you.
Engineer and
Bowels on Schedule
Oswald, who has the paving andifji perrai
Dnages and culverts on tne uougias
10 r oresi ciaiiou ana las onuses uu ""c . i
culverts on the middle section with bate, retarded fumtionuig throws,
the overlap paving on that section the whole day"s duties out of gear.
also id getting ready to shoot in a; Keep the system cleansed, the apie-;
most energetic fashion. Tomorrow j tite lively, the stomach staunch
the tuiymitfcr. will epi-u brli lor the ' T'r. Kinrp N-t. LiU rills. Ji!'- ,
Eernadiiio, new section and the road, I tonic in action. , Sold everywhere.
can travel fPcea iron, &- - f
to Cochu-c, becaufe t.ie dips -.--nt nncnmoniaVt
t all travel without trouble 3ac..J5Gacts. hospital size $2.50.
PI
This property has been examined by Miner, Mucker, Mill-Man,
Doubtful Thomases and all render their verdict as it being a winner.
After enough stock is sold to equip our Mill the Corporation will be closed. Phone
me at once, 8-1-3.
. L. WINTERS, Agent
LOWELL, ARIZONA
n THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, MARCH 2, 1919.
nvE
V
DAILY REVIEW. WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 ce..t per word, each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisements must reach The Review office not later than 7 p. m. for insertion in next morning's paper.
For Sale
FOR SALE Ford truck, first class
condition. Price $250, terms ar
ranged. Ford garage, Johnson addi
tion. 3-2-tf
FOR SALE Ford roadster, . truck
body, in good condition, together
with a fine business chance. In
vestigate. Mason car stop, house
No. 7. M-2-4-5
FOR SALE A Belgian doe bred with
bitch. Apply back of Central schooi
on Broadway. M-2
FOR SALE A four room house, bath
room, clothes closet and pantry,
cheap. A small cash payment, bal
ance like rent. On a fine lot. 181
Schdol hilL Home between 3 and 5
i M-2
FZT. SALE OR TRADE 35 acres im
proved raflch in San Pedro Talley,
near Benson; one 75 gallon well. In
quire second house on Van Dyke
street, one block from ball park.
M-2-4-5
FOR SALE Three room house ou
Hazard street, Warren. See John
Novak. M-2-4-5-6-7-S
FOR SALE Piano, Kohler & Camp
bell, $S5. Terms. W. Muir, M-l-2-4
FOR SALE Just received, another
carload of the famous ' Big Four"
Chevrolet automobiles. This car is
a wonder for economy and power
combined. A ride will convince you
that this is the best car in "Amer
ica for the amount invested. W. L.
Smart, local dealer. Phone 27S.
M-l-2
FOR SALE Six room house, com
pletely furnished, SlOoO cash, or
1 1200 on time. 108 Upper Lowell. !
M-l-2-4-5-6
FOR SALE Four room furnished
house, large lot and fruit trees.
Cheap if taken at once. 25 Sim addi
tion. Upper Tombstone canyon. c
Box 147S. M-l-2
FOR SALE Overland car, 90 model,
in good condition. Cpt. A. J. Fit
tujger, Naco, Ariz. M-l-2-3-4-5-6-8 !
FOR SALE House, furnished or un
furnished, three rooms, sleeping
porch, bath, clothes closet, pantry,
chicken house and fruit trees. Pays
30 per cent on investment. Cash,
Liberty bonds or terms. Am leav
ing. Ill Moon canyon, or Box 2510,
Bisbee. F-2S-M-2
FOR SALE Tire protectors, four new
30x3i Highway Tire Protectors at
Borderland garage. Johnson . addi
tion. Owner's address, Box 1346,
Bisbee, Ariz. F-2S-M-2
FOR SALE Four room furnishea
: house. 97-C Young blood, hill.. John
Lumberg. F-2S-M-6
FOR SALE First class one-chair
barber shop, reasonable. Two doors
from Lowell bank, LowelL Ariz.
FOR SALE Ten head of mules, cheap
if taken at once ; three wagons and !
harness, or rent for road work. Ap-;
ply Willard Service Station. P. A. j
Mocn or call phone 7SS. 3-5 j
FOR SALE E. W. T. car, 1912. Sell .
Cheap for cash. Inquire 22 Tomb
stone canyon, back oi Loretto school
and near Catholic church. 3-2
FOR SALE Or will trade for Bisbee
property. One lot in Los Angeles,
45x135. Best residence section, all
improvements. John P. Steffes.
Phone Red S67. 2-25-tf
s
I
I
FOR SALE 1918 Ford roacster, A-l
condition. Price $375, terras ar
ranged. Ford agency, Johnson addi
tion. 2-22-tf
FOR- SALE Soda fountain, used one
Eeason. Apply Warren Drug com
pany, tf
FOR SALE Two one-ton Studebaker
tnks.iJF.??d ?iU? lDqUiro
J. B. Angius. Phone 29
t)R SALE Two lots on Oregon
street, one on Chicago avenue, Lo-
relL Johnson addition, each 30x60
feet. Address M. J. Greenan, Oak
land. Calif, General delivery. 875
A)R SALE Uncalled for suits. M.
Levin. Lowell, Ariz. 597 !
K.pr.IV nrf
TIi. ,TrT BARGAIN OFFER
TODAi Four room house, pantry,
closets, bath, screen porch, garage,
four lots cultivated, fruit and shade j
trees. Ca.-h or payments. Warren.;
I. W. Wallace. 2-Stf j
FOR SALE White ar.d Brown Leg-I
horn chicks, $15 per 100. From bred !
to Izy stock. My terms are $2 per J FOR RENT Three rooms and sleep
100 with order, balance one week j ir.g porch, Moon canyon. Wm. Buck
bofore they are ready. R F. D. ett, phone Green 573. 2-23-tf
No. 3. Phoenix, Ariz. Forester's j
Hatchery. 3-13!
FOR SALE Four rooms and bath, in
warren, uirge lot. meat consincr
selling part of. furniture with house.
$1750, part cash, balance less than
115 r-r mor.th Will sr-pnt I.ihrfv
Lor.ds ar facp valiip U"ill iiav hvp'
20 ner ceat en investment. See Gus
Haigler. 2-13-tf
Found
FOUND A child's rin?
Can have
Mrs. CtH. Itainsford. lull's rod
house. Tombstone- ran on. M-2.
Money to Loan
$5 TO $: LOANED SALARIED FLO- j
PLE Without e uritv, furniture-
loans. ch?ape&t ra:-. easiest
. !
nients. Wiil cash your Liberty j.
bor.-Is ard W. S S. Cos Co , 7 Kiint-. '
fcparks building. tl-.M-l
For Rent
!
FOR RENT Sunny front room for
one or two. Close in. Mounier
j apartment, Clawson hill. - M-2
FOR RENT Two large furnishea
housekeeping rooms. Back of Brew
ery Gulch lumber yard. 61 Walsh
avenue. No hills to climb. M-2
FOR RENT Four room house furnisn
ed, close in. Apply W. L. Moore,
- new uypsun Diock house, Mason
! ????
j FOR RENT One two-room and one ,
: three-room apartments. 22 Hayes i
j house. 3 -j
;FOR RENT Small nicely furnished
apartment in Warren. Phone 260
Red. ????
FOR RENT One three-room house
j . with screen porch; one two-room
I furnished for light housekeeping. 80
; Moon avenue. Phone 645. M-2-4-5
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms.!
173 Temoy avenue. Phone Black j
537. M-2-4-5
i
FOR RENT Five room house, com
1 pleteiy furnished for housekeeping,
$20 a month. Phone 293. M-2-4-5
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms, in good location, private
home, . Eath, hot and cold water.
Phone Black 573. . M-2
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms.
1S8 Naco road. Phone 396, one ring,
or cail at 1S6 Naco road. M-2-4
FOR RENT One furnished room,
third house from new hospital stop,
boulevard, Warren. M-2-4-5
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
! rooms. Fourth bridge from Clawson
j stop. - M-2-4-5
FOR RENT 105 iggerville, four
room house partly furnished. In
quire 66 J iggerville. 3-4
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 14 Laundry hill.
Shearer. " M-l-2
FOR RENT Modern tour, room fur
nished house with screen porch.
Loma 39, Laundry canyon. M-l-2
FOR RENT Five room nouse, bath
room aJ furnished. 237 School
j hill. " 2-30(?)
' FOR RENT Two furnished rooms.
30 Johnson avenue, Johnson addi
I tion. , F-2S to M-2
!FOR RENT Furnished, two rooms,
I bath, concrete house. No children.
Inquire L. R. Allen, Locklin avenue.
F-2S-M-2
FOR RENT Two large furnished
' rooms. 91 Jiggerville. j F-2S-M-6
FOR RENT Well equipped house
keeping rooms, Moose hotel. Phone
31. One block west of Y. W. C. A.
F-2S-M-6
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 102 Higgins hill.
F-2S-M-2
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms lor
light housekeeping. Stag club. 3-4
FOR RENT Three room furnished
house and five room unfurnished
near Metz car stop 41 Laundrv
hi-L . 3-4
FOR RENT Three rooms furnished
tor light housekeeping, $20 monthly.
114 Opera Drive. 3-2
I FOR RENT
Two honseltpfvnine-
rooms well furnished, close in. No
children. 49 O. K. street. 2-27-tf
jFOk jtENT Three room furnished
j apartment, clean and pleasant. No
children. Bungalow below block
house opposite large water tank.
Moon stop, Tombstone canyon. Mrs.
EelL 3-5
FOR RENT Furnished rooms for
light housekeeping, lights, water
and gas. Phone Blue 711. 163 Opera
Drive. 2-29
'FOR RENT-Two rooms rurnlshed for
housekeeping. No " children. 28
.Montana, Johnson addition. 3-2
FOR RENT One three room and one
four room furnished houses. Mrs
Winwood, Winwood addition. 3-2
FOR RENT Three rooms. Dan Gar
rity, Jones hilL -2-30
RENT Three furnished hcuse-
keeping rooms, with wood and ccal
range, gas, alt modern conveniences,
233 Qperi DriVe, across bridge. 2-29
FOR RENT Three room furnished
apartment for" housekeeping. No
cauaren or dogs. crocKer nouse,
Warren. Phone Black 6S1. 2-25-tf
FOR RENT Three furnished house-
keeDine moms
205 Opera Drive,
229
j across bridge.
iFOR RENT Furnished rooms. Broad-
way rooming house.
-11
FOR RENT S000
square fet flooi
space
Suitable for warehouse, cen
trally located in business district.
j Address W. II., Review. 2-dh
FOR RENT Nnicely furnished three
j room apartment?. Brooks apart
ments, o. K. street. Phone Black
7 '". M 2-4-5-6-7-8
FOR RENT One of the
nkest fur
1
nished apartments in the district,
reasonable. Living room, bed room,
bath, kitcheirme, two clovcts. laun
dry, hot water, etc I'rick apart
inent. 22 Johnson avenue, Johnson
a,l Jition. Phone 415. M-2
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
For Rent
FOR RENT Furnished room for ligat
housekeeping. Lights, water and gas.
Phone Blue 711. 163 Opera Drive.
M-2-4-5
FOR RENT Three housekeeping
rooms. Inquire 195 Temby avenue.
3-2
Miscellaneous
FOR LEASE Nine room house on car
line. I. W. Wallace agency. 3-4
TO TRADE For equity in house and
lot Warren district or Douglas. Will
assume mortgage. Two alrge well
located resident lota in Phoenix.
Clear title. Phone 156, or P. O. Box
1475, Bisbee. M-2
CHIROPODIST Anna Ekola is doing
a rattling good business at the Elec
tric Shoe Shop, Brewery avenue.
Only a few days more, leaving for
Douglas. 3-2
WARREN CLEANING WORKS
Phone 459. Cleaning, pressing ana
dyeing. Give us a trial. M-2-4-5-6-7-S
MR. ALEXINA GUSTY Is now at the
Barnard Flats, S5 Cochise Row, and
has housekeeping rooms suitable for
batching or light housekeeping; also
for rent, six room cottage unfur
nished, reasonable rent. M-12-4
THE GOLDEN HOTEL On Main
6treet, opposite Wells Fargo Ex
press company, has steam heat, run
ning water and outside windows in
all rooms. Rates to permanent
guests from $15 to $30 per month.
F-25-si-i-a
HOTEL LETSON Phone 559. Newly
renovated rooms with housekeeping
privileges. No children. 3-2
FOR LEASE Some silver mining
claims which join property produc
ing ore running over $30 per ton.
For particulars call R. D. H Re
view. F-2S-M-3-7
SEWING OR NURSING WiU go out
and sew by day. 3-4
GENERAL AUCTIONEER Bisbee,
Warren district and Cochise county.
Can sell your furniture in your
house or your merchandise in your
place of business to your advantage.
30 years experience. Reference,
Bank of Bisbee. Phone 257, P. O.
Box 1737. Office and residence over
Uncle Jim's, Brewery Gulch. J. A.
Finney, sr.. Auctioneer. 193
PRESSURE COOKERS Awnings
made to order, all kinds of second
hand goods bought and sold. Bisbee
Mattress Works. Phone 734. 3-4
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
From $2 up. All corsets carefully
fitted. Ines Warburton, next Ari
zona grocery store, upper Main. 3-7
WRITE TO "Y. M."C. A. School. Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train for service. 26S
Wanted
WANTED 250 young people to a.
tend tne Epwcrth League at Metho
dist church, Sunday evening, 6:30.
M-2
WANTED -Man with $200 to finance
- business proposition that will net
him $200 a month. Safe, handles own
money and will show results before
he need invest a cent. Chance for
permanent partnership. Address E.
C. Green, care Daily Review, Moose
hotel. 3-1
WANTED Four or five passengers to
Phoenix by auto monday a. m. See
Poppe at jitney stand. Phone 366.
M-2
WANTED Plain sewing and will go
out sewing by the day. Mrs. Eliz
abeth Hogan, 115 Quarry canyon. 3-2
! SEWING OR NURSING Will go out
and sew by day. Phone Black 512.
3-4
WANTED To board and care for
child. Address E. B., care Review.
F-2SM12
WANTED To rent, five or six room
furnished house, in Warren or Bis
bee. Eaton & Smith. 3-4
WANTED Five room modern unfur
nished house, preferably in Warren
Phone 199. Manager Brophy Garage
& Surply Co.. Lowell. F-27-tf
For Exchange
FOR EXCHANGE One five room
plastered house in Orange, Calif.
Might consider automobile in first
class condition as part payment.
Address Box 664. Warren. Ariz, 3-22
Lost
LOST Package containing boy's
khaki shirt. Mrs. White, telephone
office. M-2
LOST Wpdnpsdav cveninc licrkrt-
Bisbee and car line,
view. Reward.
Return to Re-
FEDERALS GUARD MINES
Special to Th Revivw
EL PASO. Tex., Mar. 1. Mexican
federal troops have been ordered to
guard the American mining proper
ties in northern Mexico, it was an
nounced in Juarez yesterday, and -00
troops have lx?en stationed at Snta
Kula'iia. Cusihuiriachic hv1 Madera.
where American properties are oper
ating. This was done to prevent
Francisco Villa from carrying out his
threat to ilestroy the American-owned
properties and kill American cf-fii-i.ils
and employes unless a tribute
of $l.M,fK.o was paid him by March 1.
Additional stpll's f ammunition
have also been c;:t to those pjints.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE REVIEW.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Experienced moving pic
ture operator. Apply Saman, Gen
eral Delivery, Bisbee. 3-2
I WANTED Boys to learn paper
routes. Good money. Review. 2-19tf
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Woman to do weekly
cleaning of small house in absence
of mistress. References required.
Call or phone Review office. M-2-4-5
Situations Wanted
Male
WANTED Work by the day. 72
Kansas street, Johnson addition. 3-2
Situations Wanted
Female
EDUCATED. REFINED WOMAN
Desires employment. Have had ex
perience as saleslady, also as teach-j
er. Can furnish references. Let I
me know what you have to offer.
Address, M. L. B., care Review.
M-:
WANTED Good healthy middle aged j
lady, wishes steady employment, as i
housekeeper. Phone 46S Green, U. '
S- A. hotel. . 2-26
Strayed
STRAYED Away Tuesday night, Per
sian Augora cat. Finder please re
turn to Mrs. EH Clague, 163 Art hill,
and receive reward. M-l-2-4
Legal Notices.
NOTICE
Notice is hereby given that under
provisions of Paragraph 5125 Revised
Statutes, 1913, no person not a citizen
of the United States or who has not
declared his intention to become a citi
zen shall be employed upon or in con
nection with any State, County or Mu
nicipal works or employment, and all
contractors are required to comply
with the restrictions of the Act refer
red to.
All contractors and others employ
ing laborers upon County road work or
other public improvements are direct
ed by the Beard of Supervisors' to ob
serve the restrictions and provisions
of the laws.
Dated at Tombstone, Arizona, Feb
ruary 25, 1919.
I. C. E. ADAMS,
Chairman Board of Supervisors, Co
chise County, Arizona.
Attest: , .
L. F. KUCHENBECKER,
Clerk. M-l-2
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
02S436
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.,
February 15. 1919.
Notice is hereby given that Manuel
Larranaga, of Garces, Arizona, who, on
September 29. 1915. made Homestead
Entry. No. 02S436, for S. j NW. 4,
Sec. 34. Township 23 S., Range 21 E..
G. & S. R. Meridian, has filed notice of
intention to make three year proof, to
establish claim to the la'nd above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on
the 25th day of March, 1919.
Claimant names as witnesses:
James E. Kelly, of Garces, Arizona.
Charles A. Martin, of Lowell, Ari
zona. William Ryan, of Hereford. Ariiona.
George L. Dunn, of Stark. Arizona.
Adv. JOHN L. IRV1N, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
023275
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at rhoenix, Ariz..
February 15, 1919.
Notice is hereby given that Pearl E.
Yoorhees, of Hereford, Arizona, who.
on September ' 5. 1913, made Home
stead Entry 023275 for the SE. Sec.
2S, T. 22 S., R. 21 E., and on May 11,
1915. made additional Homestead En
try No. 07394. for S. fc NE. 4 Sec. 2S.
W. NW. 14, Sec. 27. Township 22 S.,
Range 21 E., G. & S. R. Meridian, has
filed notice of intention to make three
year proof, to establish claim to the
land above described, before Jared D.
Taylor, U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the 25th day of March,
1919.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A. Lyth, of Hereford, Ari
zona.
Albert J. Voorhecs, of Hereford,
Arizona.
John E. Nelson, of Bisbee, Arizona.
Louis A. Boedecker, of Turner, Ari
zona. Adv. JOHN L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
02601S
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.,
February 8. 1919.
Notice is hereby given that Jchn
Coming, of Hereford, Arizona, who, on
November 7. 1914. made Homestead
Entry. No. 02601S. for NW 14. Sec. 25,
N E !j. Sec. 26, Township 23-S. Ranee
21-E, G. & S. R. B. & Meridian, has
filed notice or intention to make three
year proof, to establish claim to the
land above described, before Jared D.
Taylor. U. S. Commissioner, at Bisbee,
Arizona, on the ISth dav of March,
1919.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Pearn F. Prather, of Bisbee, Ari
zona. Milton Clark.
Joserh Hammer, both of Garces,
Artecr.a.
Edward Wileox. of Warren. Arizona.
JOHN U IRVIN. Registrar.
FAVOR U. S. FOR ARMENIA ,
LONDON. .Mar. 1 Many publicists
I in England :re supporting the pro
! posal that Aniori'-a become munriatnrv
j for Armenia and have sent messages
j to the effect to Aneurtn Williams, hon-
' orary secretary or th? league of na
I tious t-ucu'ty.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
SERVANT PROBLEM
VEXESLQHDOHERS
Domestic, Once Docile, Now
Resembles Type Found
in New York
LONDON. Jan. 23. (Correspond
ence of the Associated Press.) Times
was when Americans, harassed by the
servant problem, came to England to
live. Here they could keep house in
peace and sing the virtues of English
domestics, making comparisons based
on experience in the United States
with servants of every race and color.
They declared that from housekeeper
and cook general to nurse and between
maid the English serving women had
no peers they worked harder, better.
longer hours, and with more willing-1
"caa evil 4 ivjl 1C33 &nJ Hftll Ituiimi
in any other part of the world.
Now many of thes Americans are
returning home. They have not modi
fied their notions about English ser
vants, but they simply cannot hire
them any more. England, as a result
of the war, is having her own servant
problem.
Joined War Work
The trouble began when the servant
girls flocked into war work. House
holders were greatly inconvenienced
and large numbers closed up their
dwelling and moded into hotels. Others
did their own work, expecting the ser
vants would return .when the war
ended. But the fighting has been over
a long time now, scores of munition
factories have closed, and still the
girls have not returned to their old
employment. Whether they ever will
return is a favorite subject of gloomy
speculation at many a tea table.
Of the hundreds of thousands of ser
vant girls that responded to the call
for patriotic service -very few, accord
ing to employment agencies, are going J
dck to aomesuc wont. or 13 weexs
they have the $4.75 a week provided
by the government until they find
other employment, but unless the girls
have homes to go to, that is scarcely
enough to shelter and feed them.
Many with aptitude and 6kill will
continue at factory work, taking the
the places of men killed or crippled
in the war. Thousands driven by rest
lessness will emigrate, it is, believed
to America and to the dominions to
seek industrial employment not avail
able to them here. Other thousands
will marry soldiers when the army is
demobilized.
Many Will Return
The majority, however, in the opin
ion of employment agency officials.
will sooner or later have to return to
domestic service.
But, according to a woman spokes
man for the girls, it was the taste of
factory life freedom even more than
novelty of high wages that is the chief
cause of their present discontent. She
cited as typical the conditions under
which chambermaids in a big London
hotel work.
-They receive," she said, "thirteen
shillings a week for a working dav of
from 13 to 13 hours. Once a week
they are allowed off from 4 o'clock in
the afternoon until 10:30 at night, al
ternate Sundays from 2 p. m., until
10:30. ana they are given a full day
off once a month."
Efforts are being made, it is said.
to form a chambermaid's union, for
the rurpose of securing shorter hours,
better food aud working conditions
and more pay.
TO FINANCE LEAGUE
PARIS. Mar. 1. The financial
commission of the peace conference
today unanimously adopted the propo
sition of Louis Klotz, the French min
ister of finance, for the formation of a
financial section of the league ot nations.
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
lisbee
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the es
sential facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of
gathering will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEfe LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
night, Moose HalL
Visiting brothers cor
aially invited.
R. L G LEA SON,
Dictator
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets every
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall
Subway street, at 7:20 o'clock- VisiUng
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
FRANK WEBSTER. N. G.
LESTER EUSTACE, SecV.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 5 meets every 2nd
and 4th Tuesday evening ot each
month at Odd Fellows' hall. VisiUng
sisters are cordially invited.
ELSIE CALEY, M. E. C
Phone Black 333.
OLIVE BAILEY. M. ot R. C,
Phone 719.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday 3d Degree.
Saturday
THOMAS HARGIS, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, SeCy F. & A. M.
W. R. BANKS. E. H. P.
N. C. BLEDSOE, T. I. M.
J. L. POWELL. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Ccmmandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
yL No. 175. F. O.
4l J E-, meets 1st
j- ' i f - I and 3d Tues-
1 a ays, s p. m.,
r Eagles'. Hall.
isitors cor-
d i a 1 1 y wel
come. EDWIN OLLERENSHAW, Fres.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. 1 EDMUNDSON, Aerie Physician.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
vrnu a m
Richard I. Homestead S9!, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
Ticb. hall. Visiting Archers are cor-
F. W. TURNER, Foreman,
Phone Black 41.
P. O. Box 9 SI, Warren.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent. Box 1496.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
U O. U NO. 210.
meets lnI. O.
-S) a F. Hall first
ftV nd third
v 'f MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordial!
Invited to
tend.
T. SMUiiaN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secret-
P. Q, Eox 426. Bisber
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
tiisoee camp ro. 13 i
Z-CTkn Meets 1st Saturday
Uedigovich HalL
S, T. MOSS, Consul. j
L F. MATHEWSON
CWk
IS
3 t ) SJW
as Fired Water
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
'ihHli'YfliW Vl"i3
Improvement Co.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rati bone Lodge No. U
Knights ot Pytala
V y. jr meeta each Tuesday
. 'iaT.V" Fellows Hall at 7:S
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially invited.
JACK CAIN, a C.
W. E. McCALLUM. K. of R. 8
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and tnird Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON, Exalter Ruler .
C. W. HICKS. Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No." 4S will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7: SO
p. m., Finnish hall.
R. A. WOOD. C C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
OPOER OF EASTERN STAR
meets In Masonic ' Hal)
Fearl Chapter. No. 6. meet
in Masonic Hall seoond and
fourth Tuesday ot each
month at 7: SO p. m.
MRS. HELENA RAGS DALE. W. M..
rhone 500.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Sec-y. P. O.
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com
Phone 471.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in I. O. O. F
Gall First and Third
Saturdays. Vlsitifi
brothers welcome.
J. L. BENTON. Councillor.
P. I. WOODMAN, Jr.. Rec. Secy.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
is Bisbee Lodca No.
fi 452 ata tbe 2d
"iy and 4th Satur
days each month
at 7: SO at New
Hall. Visiting members cordially ia
vited. JULIA POOLE. President.
Phone 27S.
GEO. FOOLE. Trcas p. o. Box 2229
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Box 1621.
Bisbee Minors
Union No. 123.
lnt ernational
Union of Mine,
Mill & Smelter
Workers,
meets every
Sunday nijcht
at Philadel
phia hotel
bid?., at 7 p.m.
R. J. W1LBERT,
Secretary.
L. M. Pl ivL.
President.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Heater
9
KSSHasBjjj
j -;
t
I
L
j ' t S3X"
THE BjSBEE IAILY REVIEW, SUITAY, MARCH 2, 1919.
ANNUAL REPORT OF "BILL" DAVISON
INTERNATIONAL LABOR
LAVS MUST BE
ENFORCED BY LEAGUE
UNITED VERDE EXT.
IS MADE BY DOUGLAS
RETURNS TO U. S.
WITH GREENVAY
-as?4
. " . -:
Most Important Event of Year
Completion of Smelter,
He Declares
f?5eciai to The Review
(Continued from Paef" One
sentatives of employers and represen
tatives of iLe nations.
"Standardization of wages nrti
hours, standardization of conditions
fOntlnneJ from Par Onel
able rtate room and came ashore and
told Bill. '
"Bill declared that he was going to
get aboard that boat, although I point
ed out the guards to him and endeav- j of employment, holidays, minimum
oied to show him how impossible it ! ases at whit h children -w ould be ner-
; was. Bill pointed to one of the guards j mitteu to work, questions concerning
I and said. "If you win get somebody to I women In industrv. immigration mat-
JEEOMEL Ariz.. Mar. l Jame R I alk to tat guard and attract his at-iters and regulations sovernihe sea-
Donglaa of the United Verde Exten-j ttion Ton are going through j men's rights and wages might all be
sion mine In hi3 report to the stock-the ate- I think I can make it. j threshed out with many others.
holders, says that the most important
event of the year was the completion
of the new smelter which started ope
rating in July and which treated 7L257
tons of the company's ore since that
time, producing 23 ,225,335 pound 3 of
copper. 2431 ounces of gold and 279,414
ounces of silver. The company mined
136.970 dry tons of ore which produced
55.7S4.02S pounds of copper. 3104
ounces of gold and 503.3S6 ounces of
silver. Of this total, 34S5 dry tons 1 piain th&t ne "a3 a friend of mine,
Stopped by Captain -our nlan'is based on one broad
-1 got an officer friend of mine to j principle "wljith we believe will ap
talk to the guard and Bill picked up ; peal to .the 'whole world. That is:
my Dags ana roiiowea mc. i o my sur- j
prise he got through the gate without j
being seen by the guard and we pro- j
ceeded to the gang plank. There we j
ran into a sn2g. The captain called j
out to stop that civilian and Bill was
held np. It was only momentarily,
however. I stepped up and told the
Th-HMhe' EXISTENCE OF UN
FAIR CHI. INHUMAN CONDITIONS
OF. LAEQS.IX ANY COUNTRY IS A.
MATTER .WHICH CONCERNS ALL'
COUXTIiiS-.
were custom ore accounting for 292.
951 pounds of copper, 53 ounces of
. gold and 4S57 ounces of silver.
The company had on hand on Jan
nary 1. 191S, 20,860,622 pounds of cop
per, represented by ore in transit,
bullion in transit and bullion in pro
cess of refining. This amount added
to the production for the year makes
a total of 82,110,916 pounds, of which
544-6.107 pounds was sold at an aver'
age price of 24.145 cetts per pound.
Development Work
The report 6ays: '"Underground de
velopment work done during the year
amounted to 10.910 feet, consisting of
15S3 feet of drifts. 1SS0 feet of raises,
301 feet of shaft and 7155 feet of
haulage. No prospecting work was
done and no new ore bodies developed.
Development work will be undertaken
In an active manneron the comple
tion of the Audrey shaft.
"An electric sub station has been
installed at the mine, together with
high voltage lines connecting both the
smelter and the Arizona Power com
pany sub station. Through this me
dium high voltage can be taken from
either the smelting lines or the Ari
zona Power company's lines and trans
formed into proper voltage for mine
use. It is also possible to switch the
smelter into Arizona: Power company
power in case of trouble with the com
pany's turbines so that the serious
power interruptions formerly occasion
ed by electric storms can be over
come. Main Tunnel Opened
"The main haulage tunnel after con
siderable difficulty with water and
soft ground between the Texas shaft
and the portal has been opened
through in that section and is pro
gressing rapidly between the Texas
shaft and the section east of the Au
drey shaft. On December 31. 1918,
only 11S0 feet remained to complete
the connection.
- Work on finishing the tunnel has
commenced at the portal. When the
tunnel is completed all ore will be
shipped direct from the mines of the
smelter without change of cars and
the use of the aerial tramway, which
has been severely taxed, will be dis
continued." PrcL R. M. Raymond of the depart
ment of mining of Columbus ' univer
sity, was elected to the board -of di
rectors of the company " succeeding
William J. Reid. .The other retiring
directors were re-elected.
Balance Sheet
The balance sheet as of December
31, last, compares as follows:
Assets
Mining claims.. $40,354,914 40,3al,o9S
Machinery, etc.
Investments
Land acquired .
Accounts rec ..
Inventories -
5.126.2S5
1,614,483
222,371
34S.6S7
740,907
Cash 1.S74.645
Liberty bonds .. 3,350,000
Metal in hand
sell, agent . . . 3,477,407
Due on ore Bold 852,445
2,033,015
1447,993
213,927
262,765
100,317
5,265,023
2,250,000
2.663,693
1,167,847
Total 157,962,070 $55,466,093
Liabilities
Outstanding
stock S 525,000 S 525,000
Accounts
payable .2,942,483 x 477,206
Res. for
depletion 6,877,783 3,895,532
Res. for
depreciation . 615.350 109,990
Res for
insurance ... 74,730 13,734
Developed
ore bodies ... 38,425.000 40,000,000
Surplus 8.50L724 10,444,520
Total $57,962,070 155,466,093
RAY CON. REPORTS
DEFICIT FOR 1918
Continued from Paga One
take into account any credits for the
value of the gold or silver nor for
miscellaneous income, and compares
with a cost of 20.283 cents for the
previous quarter. These costs include
a charge of 15 cents per ton of ore
milled for the retirement of mine de
velopment expenses.
Prorfiction by quarters was:
Fourth. 19.601449; second. 21.963,414
third, 20.358.589; ffrst, 20,522,553.
In addition to the -copper derived
from the concentrating ores, there
was a total of 774,009 pounds of cop
per contained in the ores sent direct
to the smelter, making the total gross
production for both sources for the
quarter. 20.375453 pounds as compared
with 21480.199 pounds for the third
quarter.
The total gross production of cop
per for the year contained in ores sent
direct to the smelter was 4.473.560
pounds, and it is included in the fol
lowing statement:
Gross production for 1917, 29.207.356
pounds; gross production for 1918,
5,919.270 pounds.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
carrying my bags aboard for me and
the captain permitted him to pass.
"When Bill got into that stateroom
of mice, he was the happiest man I
ever saw. If they get me off this boat
they will have to throw me and hog
tie me and carry me off, was the way
Bill put it as he sank into a chair and
wiped his forehead.
"We sailed that night at high tide
and Bill staid secreted in my room. I
would smuegletood from the dining
room to him. but after two days of
this Bill rebelled at having to live on
cold food and declared that he intend
ed having regular meals like the oth
ers on board. I told him that if he
were discovered, the chances were
that he would find himself in the brig,
but he said he would risk it and out
of my state room he went.
Mingles With Others
"Bill had just, one chance. There
were 150 civilians on board, going over
for employment on government work
in France. It was possible, but not ai
jail probable, for Bill to mingle with
them and get by. I went on to dinner
in the first cabin and after dinner con
cluded that I would look about for Bill.
I expected to find him in the brig,
but he was not there. I made my way
to the dining saloon where the civil-1
ian passengers had their meals and
looked in:
"At the extreme end of a very long
table I saw BilL He was engrossed in
a menu and was ordering the most
delectable things to be found on it.
that vesseL Everybody got to konw
BUI was in his element. He needed no
further guidance by me while on board
that vesseL Everfbody got to know
Bill and he became a favorite. Argu
ments were referred to Bill for settle
ment and he was looked to among
the civilian passengers as a general
source of information, being consulted
as to when we would arrive in the
submarine zone, when we would land
and about everything else that came
up.
Smuggled Ashore
"How to get Bill ashore at Brest
was a problem that loomed large be
fore me, but it did not worry Bill to
any great extent. Power Conway was
on board and I enlisted bis services
and between us we managed to smug
gle Bill aboard ' the tug and get him
ashore. Now the question was to get
Bill to Paris and in this I wa3 assist
ed by General Ha'rbord. U. S. M. C.
"We arrived in Paris, where I was
kept for several weeks at headquar
ters. One night I returned home in
Paris and informed Bill that I had
been assigned to the First division and
ordered np to the front. Bill was de
lighted and ready to put off at once
and, although it seemed impossible to
me, it never fazed him.
"It never occurred to Bill that he
was a civilian in France, with no mili
tary connection whatever and that it
would be impossible for a civilian to
accompany me to the front. In this
dilemma, I placed the situation before
Colonel Malin Craig. He is a general
now, and it made a strong appeal to
him." He wanted to make Bill a cap
tain of military police, but Bill would
have none of that. He wanted to get
to the front and to the front we
started.
Gets Close to Front
"Together we arrived within seven
miles of the front line before Bill was
finally held up. He had come 7000
miles on his own responsibility, with
out one line of authority from any
one and was now actually at the from
and in the face of the enemy and was
still a civilian. And it was there in
the Toul sector that Bill enlisted and
became officially what he had been
at heart and in fact for many weeks
one of the American expeditionary
force.
"From then on Bill and I were to
gether without danger of being sepa
rated by army regulations. He became
my orderly and remained so through
out.. The only time we were separat
ed was when Bill was in the hospital,
recovering from shell wounds. We
came back together and Bill went with
me to Hot Springs, Ark., where we
both took the baths. We separated at
Ft- Worth, Bill going on to Ajo by an
other route, while I came on to Bi3
bee." And that is the story of Bill David
son, whose devotion to his chief is un
limited. It causes him to "do the im- j
possible" and to override all of the i
regulations of the war department. It I
i3 a story in the telling of which Co- j
onel Greenway takes the greatest i
pride and in which a spirit of affec
tion is dominant.
Bill quit his job to go to war with j
Jack Greenway and he did. j
f -
VOCATIONAL TRAINING j
All soldiera and sailors who were ;
accepted at camp, and later dis-,
charged for disability, whether incur
red in line of duty or not. or whether
caused by wound, accident or disease
(such as heart disease, tuberculosis,
nervous diseases, etc) are asked to
call at the Red Cross office, Library i
building, for the purpose of registering
and receiving information concerning
vocational training. .
GERMAN CONFESSES
RUSSIAN MILLIONS
WEIMER, Saturday. March 1. (By
The Associated Press). An attempt
to debate the imperial defense bill,
against which none apparently has any
special objections, resulted this morn
ing in a series of personal verbal en
counters. Dozens of speakers partici
pated in the debate, but the word-fight
was sharpened between the majority
and independent socialists.
Herr Brass, independent socialist,
started the trouble by a short criti
cism of the majority socialists on the
question of strikes in the Ruhr dis
trict, and . four times was called to
order. Herr Schoepflin, majority so
cialists, endeavoring to carry forward
the attack, also, drew a reprimand
from the presiding officer for the bit
terness and intemperateness of his at
tack. Herr Noske. secretary for military
affairs, unwittingly threw fat on the
fire by challenging Dr. Cohn, Inde
pendent socialist, alleging that he had
accepted .several million rubles from
Adclph Joffe, Russian ambassador to
Germany. Dr. Cohn admitted that
Joffe gave him about a million marks
and ten and a half million rubles. The
rubles," he said, were still in the bank
because he had been unable to draw
against them. However, he said the
money was for Russian prisoners of
war and Russian civilians in Germany.
Only about 50,000 marks, he added,
had been spent for literary purposes
and political campaigns.
Herr Noske also launched a bitter
attack against the independent social
ists, terming them dangerous dema
gogues. No scene in the "Weimar assembly
has equalled that of today. The seri
ous minded leaders apparently are
greatly upset and express belief that
it will be impossible to eliminate
party differences.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
IS TUBERCULOSIS
CURABLE
BY INHALATION
Dr. Glass has es
tablished the posir
five proof that he
has discovered a suc
cessful remedy for
this disease to Etay
cured in any climate
For further information address
THE T. F. GLASS INHALANT CO,
Mason Bldg, 4th &. Broadway, Los
Angeles, Cal.
r i
Ford Iilagnetos
Recharged
without removing
PRICE $5.00
Slag Dump
Garage
K. of C.
DANCE
THE KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS
WJLL GIVE A DANCE AT THE
K. OF C. CLUB HOUSE ON
Monday, March 3rd
EVERYBODY WELCOME
GOOD MUSIC .
Does Your Typewriter
Reed Cleaning or
Repairing?
I AM OPENING A TYPEWRITER
EXCHANGE
If you want your Typewriter re
paired or cleaned. Let me know.
Will call for and deliver machines.
All work guaranteed. Prices reas
onable. Will also buy used Machines, worth
the money.
Leave your orders at O. S. French's
place on Main St, opposite Eagle
Theater. Phone 67.
W. Z. HALL.
mm
1 1 niniiiii in ti lir I -n itt f 1
Goods
Every
Department
o
in
OTEARE PLEASED TO ANNOUNCE early showings of Dress Goods
and Dress Trimmings, which include practically all of the newest
creations from the leading designers and manufacturers, exhibiting the
already clearly defined styles, patterns and colors accepted for spring wear
Distinctive Styles and Exclusive Patterns in tne
New Spring Dress Goods
The new dress goods for early spring suits and dresses are more beautiful
than we can describe.
Bright and cheerful colorings, neat and dressy patterns, and a great im
provement in qualities, both in the ' wearability and in the richness of
appearance, mark the new dress' goods as being something unusually
superior for the price.
Spring Wash Fabrics
in Abundance
Tne Favored Silks for
Early Spring
Silk is essentially a spring fabric,
and present indications point to its
wide use this season. Crepes, es
pecially Georgette, will be popular.
Taffetas and Foulards are also in
favor. The renewed interest in gay
costume for evening wear in bright
colors will create a demand for cor
responding silken fabrics.
There is no shortage of dainty spring wash goods here. We bought
liberally and have an ample supply to meet all requirements. We
paid only normal prices, so we can offer you excellent values through
out the assortment.
New Laces, Embroideries
and Trimmings
The new styles give great opportunity to deco
rative and embellishing trimming, to set off
the dainty simplicity which is the keynote of
the new spring style.
urn K$m
Veilings
We are showing
many novelties In
our Veiling Dept. for
spring wear. This
very early showing
Spring Veils and
ings is one which
you must see tor
yourself to select the
just-right thing to go
with your hat.
Dainty Colorings
Features in
NEW SPRING
HOSIERY
The most striking
feature is the many
original colorings in
both silks and the
finer cotton thread
hose which we are
showing to blend in
nleasino rontrast
with the new suits mil
and dresses. 5
Knitted
Sacqoes and Shawls
These will be found very wel
come on a cool spring or sum
mer evening. We have them
in white with blue or pink
trimming. $2.25 to $4.95
values. Special 2 Off
Pretty Ribbons for
Every Want
Our complete lines of new ribbons are
now in and on display in all widths and
colcrK Many delightful novelties are be
ing shown especially in ribbons intended
for trimmings, and ribbon trimming is
very popular for many of the new dresses.
Gloves for Spring
The new arrivals in gloves are
now ready for your inspection.
The main feature of the "new
style m glove wear is a note of
dainty simplicity and neatness,
and a fitting finish to the new
styles in suits and dresses.
y3 Off -Silfc Petticoats -y3 Off
Visit our store early tomorrow, and you will
surely secure a bargain in a silk petticoat.
Only 1 47 in this offering, in all the best shades
suitable for your new spring outfit. Black,
Navy, Green, Purple, Gray, Cerese, Maiz, Gold
and many changeable colors. $3.95 to $10.50
values. Special 1-3 Off
AS HOUSE CLEARING TTSE APPROACHES
T&e New Aprons and Dresses
- WILL EE APPRECIATED.
We are making a special showing this week of
pretty, new house dresses, bungalow aprons, .
etc, The suggestion is very appropriate at!'
this season of year, as the" majority of house- "
wives are preparing for their annual house
cleaning. -
Fine Ribbed Underwear for Spring
In the new knitted underwear for spring, we
are showing, there are many novelties in the
making, which will appeal to the woman who
appreciates comfort and daintiness in her
undergarments.