I
(site mmutt imk HE
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
' VOL. 21, NO. 215. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY, JANUARY &, 1919. PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PRESS WILL
8E ADMITTED!
TD ALL FULL
ASSEMBLIES
i
Final Disposition of Objections
Raised by Newspaper Cor-;
respondents Announced Af
ter Meeting of Delegates
Deny Full Privileges to Re
porters for Same Reason
News Gatherers Refused
Admittance to Chamber
PARIS. Jan. IT (By the Associated
Press). AH is in readiness for the
commencement tomorrow of the peace
congress, with the meeting today, at
tended by President Wilson and the
other leaders of the great powers, the
deliberations of which tonieht in the
congress, were completed by accord
ing to Belgium and Serbia three dele
gates each find two representatives to
the king of the Hedjas. whose forces
in the Holy Land so materially aided
the British in overcoming the Turks.
At the meeting the question of the
admission of the press to the confer
ences was also acted upon. It wan
decided that the newspaper men
should be admitted to the meetings of,
the full conference, but that on neces-j
sary occasions the deliberations of the
conference mieht be held in secret.
It was determined in limiting the ac
tivities of the press that, while not
underrating the importance of public
opinion, the process of reaching a
favorable solution of the task before
the conference would be hindered by
discussion of every disputed question
were it opened by a public declara
tion of its own national point of view.
It has been tentatively decided that
three representatives of the press of
each of the allied and associated
powers will be admitted to the confer
ence. The conference probably v ill
be organized in a manner similar to
the American congress with secret
committee meetings to discuss delicate
questions with formal open sessions
and with executive sessions, as in the
United States senate.
The following communication deal-
ing with the peace conference was
issued this evening: I
"The president of the United States i
of America, the prime minister and for-l
eign ministers of the allied great j
powers, assisted by the Japanese am-
bassadors in Paris and London, met
at the Ouai d' Orsay today, in the !
morning from 10:30 a. m. to 12:30 p.
m. and in the afternoon from 3 p. m.
to 5:30 p. m.
"The French president of the coun-1
cil read out the terms of the renewal , cent, while those of the Cudahy com
of the armistice. i pany in 1917 were 23.2 per cent based
"The meeting decided to give Bel
gium and Serbia three delegates each
at the conference. It was decided
also that the king of the Hedjas should
be represented by two delegates. The
fContinuwl on Pace Thr
Mexicans Rush Troops
To Threatened Border
MARFA. Texas., Jan. 17 Reinforce- La Prensa, a Mexican newspaper pub
ments arrived at Ojinaga froni the ' lished in San Antonio,
south late yesterday, increasing the j General Castro recently ordered all
garrison there which was badly deplet-1 home guards to Join the regular fed
ed. The troops permanently garrison- j eral army in Chihuahua state or sur
ed there consisted of three skeleton render their arms and is reported to
regiments in command of a general, a ' be asking for presidential authority to
colonel, a lieutenant colonel and a , enforce the demand. The order, if en
number of minor officers. Unconfirm-1 forced, is expected to cause trouble
ed rumors from Cuchillo Parado, south ; In western Chihuahua, according to
of the border, reported the Angeles ' ranchers from that district, as the
forces still in that vicinity with no j home guards have refused to Join the
immediate prospect of an attack on i army or be disarmed a number of
Ojinaga. These reports tended to times in the past,
quiei the civilians who were moving j
to the American side last nitht. A re-
port was received in Presidio. Texas,
opposite Ojinaga. today, that rrancis-l
co Villa was marching northward from j
jsatevo witn nis personal commana co ,
unite with Angeles.
BANDIT PROBLEM KNOTTY
iRv Rvlw Leased Wlr
EL PASO. Texas. J.in. 17. General
Augutin Castro, the new zone com
mander in Chihuahua state, has gone
to Mexico City for conference with
President Carranza regarding the
northern bandit situation, according to I
SACRAMENTO
L W. W. GIVEN
z?.4 FF JOLrsXDFMPH DflDnrD
(By T.evi"w Lease! Wire)
SACRAMENTO. Calif.. Jan. 17.
After breaking their "silent de
fense" today in the I'nited S:a-.es
district court, to protesi against
their convictions, and to tl'-lara
their contempt for the prosecution
and all. legal processes. 43 Indus
trial Workers of the World were
given prison sentences ranging
from one to ten years, follow
ing their conviction yesterday of
conspiring to institute a campaign
of terrorism and sabotage in the
Hate.
Three of the 46 defendants, in
cluding Miss Theodora PoIIok of
Piedmont, Calif., secured a stay of
execution through notice that, a
motion for a new trial would be
filed in their behalf. The motion
will be heard when Judge F. H.
Kudkin, who heard the case, re
turns from his jurisdiction in Spo
kane, to which city he departed
today.
Three indictments remain
against those convicted. The true
bill on which they were found
guilty charged the destruction of
more than $3,500,000 ia property
in California and other overt acts
aimed to block the government in
the prosecution of its war pro
gram. The prosecution would give
no hint as to what it intended to
do with the indictments yet un
tried. FAILED IN OBJECT
I
(By Review leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 17. Food ad
ministration regulations neither regu
lated profits of the meat packers nor
benefitted the public or the consum
ers, Stuart Chase, an expert account
ant employed by the federal trade
commission, told the senate agricul
tural committee today in presenting
figures to show that profits of the five
big packing concerns had doubled and
trebled during the war.
Mr. Chase, who was testifying at
hearings on tbe Kendrick bill provid
ing for government supervision of the
meat industry, said no one knows ac
curately what the packers' earnings
are because their methods of book
keeping have the effect of covering
up their profits., He declared, however,
that examinations by the commission
of the books of Armour & Co., Morris
& Co., Swift & Co., Wilson & Co.,
ana me cuuany company, snowed
tne'r aggregate profits in 1912 were
IIS.715,000, and in 1917, $95,639,000.
Based on capital stock, Mr. Chase
said Morris & Co.'s profits in 1917
were 267.7 per cent and that on the
same basis Armour & Co.'s profits in
1916 were 114.2 per cent. Because of
a later increase in capital stock, the
percentage for Armour & Co. dropped
to 27.1 in 1917. Swift & Co.'s profits
in 1917 on the same basis were 63 per
on capital stock and surplus. Wilson
& Co.'s earnings for the same year
were 29.6 per cent on the combined
capital and surplus.
The witness said Thomas Wilson,
(Continued on P:ige Four)
REBELS BREAK UP WEDDING
ri,v.c.R'"w xasPd iv""'
FOOD
KHM INS
SAYS
ACCOuNTAN
r.r..o. " ' "'ing. but a father of a family could :
band of armed and mounted Mexicans," think of the blood that would I
""' H''-" . v.......
rtiiL-eies, occupieu uuuuaiupe. opponue
here, Wednesday nieht. thpy interrupt
ed a wedding dance, the bridegroom
abandoned the bride and fled. He has
not yet been located, according to resi
dents of Guadalupe. It is now believed
the two men taken out to be executed
by the Angeles men joined them as
their bodies have not been found as
yet.
RHINE 1ST MM BATTLE
i
I IlLKUII UUilULU
LIEVES FOCHMEASURE FAILS
j Generalissimo Believes in
' Male In or Pearp Crrrf;rr)lld-
Making Peace Correspond-'
ing in Magnitude With Vic-;
tory Obtained by Allies I
TREVES, Wednesday, Jan. 15. (By
the Associated Press.) It is the con
viction of Marshal Foch that
the
Rhine must be made the barrier be
tween Germany and Fiance. He ex
pressed t'.is clearly today when he j
j received American newspaper cor-
J respondents. The marshal is here in !
i cenrf cliou with the meeting concern- i
ing the extension of the German arnn-; luncheon
stice. i Ti:e afternoon session of the senate
.Marshal Foch pointed out the diili-, was fraught with possibilities which
culties llat had been overcome and did not materialize. The potential es
said that peace must be com- i Jentia'.s for a battle were incorporated
mensurate with the price of victory. ' jn a fjrht which was instituted errlier
Germany now was beaten, he added, ! jn the day when Wilkinson's bill in
but vwtn her resources, especially introduced at the reciue-t of the Salt
men, recusation in a comparatively r.iver Water Users' association was
shcrt t;inv was quite possible. It was j referred to tne committee on live
the duty of the allies to prevent I stock and forestry,
further aggressions. I Disfavor of Stockmen.
Praises Americans. i This measure designed to protect
Marshal Foch praised the work of the water course of the 3tate through
the American troops and said that the prohibition of dams and other ob
General Pershing had asked that the ; stages has incurred the disfavor of
! American forces be concentrated for,
an attack on one sector. The allied j plained by Campbell, who stated that
generalissimo admitted that the Ar-, jo per cent of the cattle in the north-gonne-Meuse
front, where the Ameri- f.:n part of the state are dependent
cans began their offensive on Soptem-: iipou temporary dams or "tanks" for
her 24 was a "sector hard to taekie." ; water during the summer months. In
The marshal said he had tofd Gen- j addition the large cattle companies
eial Pershing: j have expended several hundred thpu-
"Your men have the devil's punch, i saud dollars in the cons: ruction of
They will get away with all that. Go ; temporary flood water retainers whicn
to it." ' ( . i wot Id l'- en-!ni':,-! vie this niea;:-
The American attack s.icccc led. '
the marshal continued, "and here we i
are on the Rhine."
The armistice was not concluded
too socn ai.d the allies got all they ,
asked for from Germany without con-:
tinuing the fighting. The allies, the:
marshal said, were prepared for an-'
other offensive stroke which would :
have forced the Germans to give up. :
This was to have been made in Ir-
raine on November 11 with hix Amer-j
lean and 20 French divisions. j
Americans Superb.
"But this is for me," Marshal Foch i
bepan, 'a happy opportunity to tell
you all th
good things I think of thecal fund. Postage stationary and sup-
Americau army and of the part it , plies have exhausted the former
played on pur side. Your soldiers ! ,hile the salary ot the secretary alone
were superb. They came to us young, ! will soon deplete the latter fund. He
enthusiastic and carried forward by a j asked that $3000 be appropriated for
vigorous ideal and they marched to; the contingent fund and that the cler
battle with admirable gallantry. j ic-al fund be, swelled by the addtion
"Yes, they were superb. There is j of $ lf.oO. In both houses the matter
no other word. When they appeared j is being considered by the committee
our armies were, as you know, fa-, on appropriations,
tigued by three years of relentless j In order that Pima county may avail
struggle and the mantle of war laid . Itself of the opportunity to participate
heavily upon them. We were mag-1 in the federal fund for the construc
nificently comforted by the virility of j tion of rural postroads. Senator Bueh
your Americans. ; man introduced a bill amending the
"The youths of the United States . Ftato highway commissioners' law.
brought a renewal of the hope that j The measure which carries an emerg
hastened victory. Not only wan thisiency clause provides that where gov
moral fact of the highest importance, ) eminent finance is used in the con
but you also brought enormous ma-1 Ftruction of roads through federal re
terial aid and the wealth which you' serves the expenditures shall be di
placed at our disposal contributed to ; rected by federal agents instead of by
the final success. Nobody among us ( the commissioners as the present law
will ever forget what America did. i requires. The bill is intended to
"And you know what happened on Imake possible the building of a high
the field of battle since the month off way from Tucson to Mount Lemon, a
July first on the Marne, then in the j proposed summer resort,
region of Verdun. General Pershing No Fence Question,
wi.shed as 'far as possible to have bis Two other bills introduced in the
army concentrated in an American
sector. The Argonne and the height
pf the Meuse were a sector hard to
tackle. There were considerable ob
stacles there.
"Go To It."
" 'All right,' I told him. 'Your men
have the devil's own punch. They
will get away with all that. Go to it."
"And finally everything went well
everything went so well that here we 1
are on the Rhine." j
Marshal Foch was usked by the
correspondent: -
"But was not the armistice con-.
ciuded too soon?
"It was not possible to do ctner-
wise," answered the marshal, "be-: sent to the house in the form of a , th,,rmore ((,at some of the allies
cause the Germans gave us every- j joint memorial, the original resolution ;not including Great Britain desire to
tiling that we asked for at once. They ; being indefinitely postponed tor this j prolong the armistice in order to
satisfied all of our conditions. It was 1 purpose by the judiciary committee, jppnalize Germany to the utmost bp
difficult to ask more. j A proposal to submit a const It u-1 fore concluding a' peace with her."
"Doubtless any general would have ! tion il. amendment amending the "There Is nothing on the face of
preferred to have continued the strug-
Ki0 and to have battle when the battlej
which offered itself was so promis-
, shed. A victory, however easy,
. - ljv .,,.
We held vie-;
tory in our grasp witho.it any;
further sacrifice. We took it as it ;
came.
Hon Knew Position. I
"The German high command was
not iunoraiit of the f.ict that it fated
a collo.-al dl-asier. When it sur-1
Continued 7i Tap Three)
THDFATFMPn AC
1II11LHILI1LU HO
(
Introduction of Measure toj
Protect Water Courses In
curs Disfavor; Governor
Asks fcr Contingent Funds
!
)3y Review Lensed Wire)
PHOENIX. Ariz., J;in. 17. Pre-
' paratory to the actual plunge into the
! sea of business awaiting it. the state
, legislature is enjoying a brief vaca-
tion. recessing todav until Monday
niornii'g. The house concluded its
wcrk ior tne week at noon, but the
senate continued its labors after
the stockmen. Their attitude was ex-
urc to become a law.
Wil'.anson endeavored to have the
hi'l referred t t'.io committee on agri
culture and irrigation, but over ob
jection it was referred to the live
nock committee. It is predicted that
the bills tenure of life will be short.
Messags From Governor.
Both brunches received a special
message from the governor asking lor
an em Ygncy appropriation for the
effici. The executive s'nted that Mpou
et'tciin? upon his duties he found that
there was but ?3ii3.19 in the contin
gent fund provided by the last legis
lature and cnly $2033.(13 in the cle.-i-
enme were sponsored Dy l aiupiieu
and Wilkinson, respectively. The
former Is designed to. meet a de
ficiency created by the first special
session of the third legislature in a
printing contract. The latter is a
revival of the no-fence district ques
tion. An effo- is being made to re
duce the appli . jn of no-fen?e regu
lations from b. '.Ions where 50,000
acres of land are under cultivation as
at present to apply to districts where
5000 acres are being farmed,
Campbell's senate memorial rJ-
questing the purchase of Lower Cali-
forma bv the I nlted Slates
wa
rus'.ied through under a new title anJ i
article relating to the state board of j
education anJ providing for the ap-,fiie,j by the Tribune correspondent in
pointment instead of election of aparis, but there Is evidence to show
s'ate sir erintendent of public in-.
stni'-t ion Is contained in a bill offered
in the Vi:i:e bv Speaker IVterson.
Til- amendment would create a board
or seven members, each to serve
seven vo.irs. a new member being
poimod er.'-h jtar. This board would
choose the superintendent.
Permanent ichool Fund. !
Another educational measure wits
produced by Lines. This latest is a
t'Vmtlnued en Pss Four)
ARRESTING OF
MOB LEADERS,
BRINGS QUIETt
MADRID. Jan. 17 (By the As
sociated Press.) The latest dis
patches from Barcelona say the
city is quiet. Several syndicalists
have been arrested and imprison
ed aboard the battleship IVIayo.
Premier Romanones. after a
meeting of the Spanish cabinet to
day told the newspaper correspon
dent!) that he would not be sur
prised at anything which would
happen in Barcelona, which was
quite abnormal.
Count Komanones informed the
cabinet that the trouble at Barce
lona arose from the hostility of
the nationalists to the military
and the latter's refusal to tolerate
nationalist disturbances. He said
he had authorized the captain
general of Barcelona to take meas
ures to prevent collisions, be
cause such encounters would in
the highest degree be prejudicial
to a solution of the Catalonian
problem. The ministers accorded
the premier a vote of confidence.
NEW YORK PAPER
DENIES PRINTING
DAMAGING STORY
fHy Review Wlr
PARIS, Jan: 17 Premier Clemen
ceau. in the chancer of deputies today
rave a W:imi:ir mrainst faln rennrts
, the people of Russia and Germany be
concerning the peace conference. cit-jpemUlcd to work out their own do9.
Ing as an instance a telegram address-1 tiny ; that American troops be with
ed to the New York Tribune. i drawn from Russia, that all political
"I saw yesterday a telegram ad-j and industrial prisoners receive the
dressed to the New York Tribune." j same consideration as prisoners of
he saiif. "in which ' it wa.t i;aJd thitjwar and pro'la;mu-lfc -th- l'stwi of a
President Wilson has threatened to, new day for true democracy in which
withdraw all his troops and himself the rights of labor shall be fully recog
retire if certain stipulations of his-nized.
were not granted. When I showed j The convention adopted the pro
this telerram to Mr. Wilson this morn-! gram recommended bv the Interna-
irg. he replied to me,
inable falsehood.' "
'What an abom-
TRIBUNE ISSUES DENIAL
NEW YORK, Jan. 17. The follow
ing statement was issued by the New
York Tribune tonight:
"At ll:3u a. m., Friday January 17,
the New York Tribune issued a state
ment denying that it had ever receiv
ed from Paris or had ever printed in
its columns a statement remotely re
sembling that which was referred to
by Premier Clemertreau in the cham
ber of deputies. At 2:20 p. m. there
was received in the Tribune office
what appears to be the message -in
question. Owing to the fact that it
has been made the basis of contro
versy the Tribune prints it just as
the correspondent sent it.
"The message follows:
Report in Question
" 'Paris, January Among the many
I sensational rumors habitually afloat
in the chamber of deputies, there has
been one to the effect that President
Wilson has threatened to withdraw
Wilson has threatened to withdraw
American troops from Europe if cer-:
tain of his ideas are not followed 1
by the peace conference. How far
these things have gone in the three
conferences already held, it is impos
sible for me to say. but that the
chamber's report is pretty nearly cor
rect, there is no doubt.
" 'There are numerous indications
of this recent attitude on Wilson's
part, and that he is now tactly but '
definitely. If not actually, threatening;
other commissioners. He has come
here to make a certain kind of peace
and intends to do so. his supporters
say. And his supixirters have frank
ly said that he will refuse to sign
any peace not in accord with what he
considers a fair and equitable inter
pretation of the armistice agreement
which accepted his 14 points, with
reservations, as to the freedom of the
seas.
" 'Now, his supporters said, some ot
the allies are unwilling to abide by the
armistice and impose further penalties
on the Germans, who accepted the
.armistice in good faith.
ir Wilson's sunnorters feel fur-
the message to show when it was
that It was not held longer than 40
minutes bv the cable company on
t),u Me. Therefore, the de av was
in Paris, w hich Indicu'es that there Is
still In existence nn effective press
ap-'cciiHorsliip. This was known already
in every newspaper office, because
.correspondents had boon complaining i
about it. nut no one nail tnsile. a point
ot publishing the fact. i
"It will be noticed that the Trlh-1
iCentinued on I'ag Frvti
STRIKE THREAT
Dl AM Tft
ILHI1 IU it
SAN FRANCISCO
Mooney Sympathy Meeting in
. Chicago Decides to Exhibit
All Other Adopted Mean3
Before Forcing Issue
(By Review Lesw-d Wire)
CHICAGO. Jan. 17 A general strike
of organized labor designed to para
lyze every industry in the country be
ginning July 4 next was decided upon
today by the National Labor congress
as a means of obtaining a new trial for
Thomas J. Mooney and Warren Bill
ings If federal intervention and every
other means adopted to procure the
desired relief fail.
The convention authorized the rais
ing of a fund of $1.000.1X0 to carry on
a campaign of education to liberate
the labor leader and to promote the
proposed general strike. It is planned
to finance the movement by levving
an assessment of 50 cents on every
member of organized labor in the
country.
Demand American Withdrawal
The convention which concluded its
four day session tonight and adjourn
ed also adopted a resolution embody
ing a declaration of national, policies
affecting labor W
tional Workers" Defense league to se
cure the liberation of Mooney and Hid
ings which was presented to the dele-
I gates in the final report of the com-
mittee on ' resolutions. It provided
j that a committee of five labor rrpre
' sentatives be named to go to Washing
: ton and ask President Wilson and
members of congress for federal in
tervention. Chairman Edward D. No
lan named the following committee to
undertake this work:
Committee Personnel
John Fitzpatrick, president of the
Chicago Federation of Labor.
Alexander Howatt, president of the
Kansas District United Mine Workers
of America.
Martin J. Flyzik, president of the
Washington District I'nited Mine
Workers of America.
J. F. Anderson, Washington. D. C,
vice-president of the International As
sociation of Machinists.
Andrew Furuseth, San Francisco.
president of the International
Sea-!
'
men's union.
The conimi
The committee will ask that a spe-'
c ial assistant United States attorney
general bj appointed to obtain Mooney .
and Billings release by habeas corpus
or other means in order that they may
T
(Continued oi Pag Twni
ILL
BOMB PLOTTERS
Fuel Administration
Cancels Price Order
WASHINGTON", jan. 17. Fuel adiWOulJ continue to exercise control
ministration officials expect a de-illIitj the close of the coal yeir. next
crease in the price of bituminous coal, April 1, and possibly Ioncer.
and coke to result from an order to- j Prepare to Cease Functioning,
day dis-coutiiiuing maximum prices on , With th issuing of the order lodav
these commodities and eliminating i aff. ciif; bituminous coul and coke,
the zone system of their distribution, j the fuel c.iiiiinisiratioii began prepar--The
crJcr is effective February 1. tiotis for the stoppage of most (f its
tut coos tot affect anthracite. i activities. Orders went to district
The resolutions rescinded ly to-' repi-esem.irive to ive notice to era
d:ty'e cider irclu !e those covermi:; ; j,0ye:. that the offices would cease
purchasing agents' commissions and functioning on February 1 and to
profit margins allowed wholesale and j complete and forward before February
retail dealers. The fuel administra- j-, statistics and records of their
tion announced, however, that these ! work.
were subject to reinstatement If price, j There was no announcement .as to
wane, labor, production or oi.ier con disl'an .ling of the force at headquar
ditions which may arise require it. I tors horo t,ut jt wa;, understood that
Less Demand. t ie bituminous coal division virtually
Reductions in the demand has re- would be closed soon after the order
sulted in the slowing down in the
production of bituminous coal, and
the unusually mild weather this win
t r made . it impossible to maintain
eisting maximum prices. At many
poiritt. thev dot l;u
I. the price of . -
bitumlrous coal i
boon well below!
t'.o maximum and it wim iiulm-.te J
that this situation largely influenced
Fuel .-.(Imlii.strator Gar.ie! 1 in rcmov-
in , ihH r, iri.-tlons
, inii-.n ition wa
1 , .. t,.,r, !
th. r...u!:ili.-ii. on air.hmcite ut.nld '
be removed. It w:is understood, how
ever, thit the fuel administration
MPRE5SIVE
CEREMONIES
WILL ATTEND
SEATING OE
DELEGATIONS
Green Table in Foreign Office
Ready for Entrance of Dis
tinguished Body; President
Poincaire to Speak
Premier Clemenceau to Pre
side at Selection of Officers;
Report of Supretne Council
On Rules Final Business
PARIS. Jan. 17. tBy the Associated
Press.) The scene Is set for the
opening of the peace congress at i
o'clock tomorrow afternoon with th
impressive ceremony befitting such
an eventful occasion. The final de
tails were concluded tcr.i,'ht at a
meeting of the supreme council, whi: h
complete J in labors and adjourned
for the inauguration of the larger
body tomorrow. ,
'i he f cic:ai-ia: or 'fee ur..'. .laz
ing the vening completed the official
list of the delegates. It iml.ides a
distinguished array of leading public
figures from every section of the civ
ilized globe and in personnel and in
terests represented it embraces prob
r.bly one of the most notable gather
ings of stateni"a the world ever has
seen.
Table Awaits Guests.
The final preparations were con
cluded t-x'ay at the foreign office.
wher the congr-ss will meet, and
the giy?n faole now a aits its guests
The opening tomoTow of the cun
gres will be a ceremonial functi'Vi.
the leaders nijklni their first bows,
the delegates exchanging salutations
tnd tii republican guard, in zorgeou-i
uuif rnn. lending v'oior to the sceue
Whin the dt legates are installed
around the great horseshce confer
ence taM , Raymond Poincare. presi
dent of France, will make his entry
into the hall with an escort of pre
miers and take his place in the pre
siding officer's chair at the head o
the la tie.
The opening address of M. Poiu
care in elcomi:. the congress to
Paris, will sound tt:e glorie of the
war just won and tell of the mo-
me.itoiH work ot reconstruction e-:-
tr.;.-.ted to the congress. It is prob
!t!)I" that President Poincare's greet
ings will call for some" response on
behalf of the foreign representatives.
(Continued oc Picxe Four!
removing restrictions on bituminous
coal and coke become effective Feb
ruary 1.
Am i i.m-ement was made that Law
rcme Mitchell, assistant business
manager of the administration, has
been named c istoJian of all property
an I et,ui;mion: of the administration,
except records and decuments. H
will supervise and approve sales of
mi (foit aiiu riiwii'ti-ieuL man? in jKir-
U Iti.l ino ,1...
1st ml ion to all federal A.-mlnlstr.-unr
district ret resentatives and otlicr
field agents of the adminlstrtioo. TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1919.
HEADS ROUMANIAN
PEACE DELEGATION
BASEBALL HEADS WILL SIGN
HEADS MOVEMENT TO
AID FOREIGN TRADE
fcCWCW'J i.-iti .
HUN
PROPAGANDIST
DOPED OUT SPEECH;
OVEN BY WILSON
(Bv Review lea.sed 'Wire)
V At HI N(j TON, Jau. 17 J. J. Dick
inson, mentioned in testimony before
the senate committee investigating
German proparan'la as Washington
representative of George Sylvester
Viereck. testified today before the
committee. He raid he represented
Viereck until February. 1917. when
the V nlted States broke .relations with
Germany, and wrote articles for The
Fatherland under the name cf Josiah
Winsate in v.'Mth he undertook to
reflect the views of W. J. Ilryan. He
said Mr. Bryan knew nothing of hi
ic'ations with Viereck.
Dickinson went into the story of
the so-caileJ '"leak" in advance of one
of President Wilson's rddresses to
congress just before the war started.
He said he sent a message to John F.
Harris of Harris. Winthrop & Co.. of
New York, the day before the speech
was delivered, forecasting the presi
dent's action. He said his forecast
was "pure dope."
"As a matter of fact there was no
leak at all?" asked Senator Nelson.
z Doped it Out.
"No; there was- no leak. 1 just
doped it out that the president would
make the speech just like Bernard
M. liaruch did and he made a consid
erable sum of money on It."
L'nder date of July 20, 1916. Dickin
son wrote Viereck a letter in which
he said "our navy has been secretly
instructed to work aeainst the inter
ests of the central powers. A consiJ-'
erable element of tne navy whom 1
happened to know personally is op
posed to discrimination between" the
. nations, but most of the element is
favorably inclined 'toward the- Teu
tonic element. If we can arrange to
pet together the various elements
which in deiail may be opposed to
the British program, b'U which may
indorse our general program without
cdmitting that they do so, I am con
fident that we may accomplish some
thing worth while."
Asked by Major Humes where he
got his information about the navy's
secret orders, he replied that he ob
tained it from the same sources of
information that ar. open to ail news
paper men.
Wilson's Craft.
Cn August ?.(. 1916 Dickinson wrote
Viereck that before President Wilson !
called '"the big railroad managers" te
tiie white house for a conference on
the railroad situation, lie hid pre
pare J his statement and gave it to
lue newspapers tlirougn secretary
Tumulty while the conference was in
tcssio. "Tais i:icileit." Dukinssn
v. rote, "so savors of Wilson's" cuiniln.
nd craft that I think it cuuld be ufc 1
as a good text for an article' in the
Fatherland."
In a letter dated June 4, 1916 Dick
inson -rote Viereck that Secretary
Lansing's apparent un'riendly atti
tude toard Germany had been re
ported to the president and that Mr.
VilsonV frauie of mind on the politi
cal outlook "nii.Jlil lead him to any.
outburst against Lansing or other
cabinet officers who may fall unier
.lust' criticism recause of their un
neutral attitude toward Germany."
house recently of friction between j
Lansing and Wilson," said the letter,
PS
RfcS yi .v,
it: -'Mi
II. .
IL " -1
w v c.r '
If . . ' V -
AGREEMENT; MINORS ACT
Premier Bratiano.
Premier Bratiano will head tha
Roumanian delegation at the peace
conference. As Roumania's spokes
man he will put in a claim against
! Germany for heavy damages, and
twill ask that Bessarabia in Russia
land Transylvania in Austria-Hun-Jgary
be annexed to Roumania. j
lliv Review lrfa!wl Wwei
NEW YOKK. Jan. 17. A week of
conferences and joint sessions here
between major and minor league base
ball club owners will be completed
tomorrow when a working agreement
j is signed by the national commission
I for the two major organizations and a
I committee rpresenting the National
! Association of Minor leagues to take
j the place of the national agreement
j abrogated by mutual consent.
! The minors will go their own way
! under the control ot their own nation
jal board of arbitration which will have
i full jurisdiction until its term of of-
fice expires In 1921. There will be no
! more araft or optional agreements in
the national association and all play
ers must be purchased by major and
minor clubs from the minors for cash.
At a special nietiug of tti. .Nation
iuasjej A to 15, class B to 14. classes
t' and I) 13 plnyets during the season. I
Another new rule was adopted in !
reference to future classification
which will he governed by the last
school census instead of the federil
census. Under this arrangement the
eastern U ague and Texas league will
tie in class A instead ol B.
STRIKE THREAT, PLAN
; TO FREE SAN' FRAN-
i CISCO BOMB FLOTTERS
(Continued fiom 1'iiRe One)
I
"I would not be at ail surprised if
Lansing would leave tne cabinet pos
sibly because of 'failing health' with
in a few weeks. The republican cam
paign managers are raking him rela
tions and activities past and present,
with a fine toothed comb. This the
president knows, .too. I am roifi
dcntly expecting to have photographic
ccpies of certain n't his financial
transactions with the Huerta govern
ment within a couple of weks. At any
have new trials in a court outside of
California.
The legislature Oi California will be
asked to pass a law which will enable
al league todav the recently adopted the courts of that state to grant new
! salary limit of $11,000 per month fr.r trials in cases where convictions are
each rluo was declared to be insuf- omaineu ny perjureu evmem-B . um-
ficient. According to President Heyd- er fraudulent means.
ler, the club owners agreed on a high-; Strike Last Measure
er limit, hut just what it is he do-1 If these means fail then organized
clined to discuss. It is generally un- labor will be asked to call the general
derstood. however, that a similar limit ; strike. The plan of the International
has been adopted by the American ! VVo kers' Defense league is that the
league and that all the major league ' general strike will not be called unless
clubs will be bound by a gentlemen's ; every other means to secure Mooney's
agreement to observe it. ' release failed.
Manv trades and deals were rumor-' . The report of the resolution on the
ed during the week, but the only one . MP fflhe ,n ,"r; , , ,. .
consumnfated was a triangular ex-' . ' ,Pmi"ee rr an!
. , , vi .k u i time that the grave industrial anu
change of players in which the Boston ' , . , ,,.
. u. . i r !. .i, economic power of lalxir may in the
Washington and Detroit clubs of the:, . , ,,.. .,
, . , .. i i . last analysis have to be -invoked in
American league were interested. Bos-! - , ,K
this by responsible representatives, Pitcher Daniont from ashington. l)e
vho claim to have received assurance j troit in return secures Pitcher Love.
rate, 1 have baen faithfully promised ton gets Oscar at from Detroit ana .,nl.,,hr intrttfa ,h: lhp Ill(r
j movement of America is determined
.b.n. .....1 .....1 ,...W.. ,n.,,i..) i.,tif.u L-h.li
from Moxico City that attested copies Catcher Ainsmith and Outfielder DreVail in the Mooiiev ca-e
will be sent me." Shorten and the Washington club gets P"V ' " 'e
Harold Janvrin, second baseman trom ' "
weapon we affirm the reason express-
. . ed in the preamble of policy, namely.
The Detroit club signed Dan Haw- tmtt when the mmr arriv,,s for the
ley, who managed Toronto's pennant I use of the gtrjke weapon ,hnt it shall
winners last year, as scout in place of bQ surrounded and protected with all
the rigorous safeguards that go to
Acted for Country.
Dickinson, in a statement to the
committee as to his reasons for writ
ing the letters sail his "chief ob
jective always was to render what aid
I could to the movement to keep the
country out of war and to hold to the
support of the Democratic party, and i ers held a meeting which lasted all
President Wilson the so-called Ger- day and up to a late hour tonight.
man-American and the so-called pa- At the afternoon session they decided
cifist vote, both of which elements to -abolish the practice of receiving
were striving to maintain our neu-jor releasing players under an option-
Bill Donovan.
The minor league baseball club own
tralify.
Discussing his. Washington activities
in 1916. Dickinson said he arranged
for a conference at democratic na
tional . headquarters between Post
master General Rurleson and Viereck,
the nature of which he did not dis
cuss; that he held off an attack in
Viereck's Fatherland on Senator Keed
al agreement. In future a violation of
this mandate will incur a penalty of
$1000 in Class AA; $750 in class A;
$5i'0 in class B; $:!00 in class C; and
$100 in class D leagues. From now
on the purchasing or selling of play
ers will be in open market and cash
must be paid in every transaction.
Vflw celofteri Bait nricp nf n!:ivers
I "
of Missouri, which, if published, might! were adopted as follows:
have lost the Missouri electoral vote AA clubs must pay $1500 for class
to the democratic party; that lie ar-. A players; class A
ranged for a conference in New York players; B,. $7.10 for class C payers,
between the late Senator Ston of 'and class C clubs $500 for class D
Missouri and some Germans, among ! players. '
Whom was Viereck, and that he ar-! In drafting players class A A1 clubs
ranged -with Vance McCormick,- then j can only take one flayer from class A
democratic national chairman, for pub-j clubs but there is no restriction as
lication m the Irish World of articles i to the number which league clubs of
make up a general movement a.nong
the laboring masses for living condi
tions. "Your committee takes the position
that the program should be worked
out and exhausted step by step until
there is no remaining doubt among the
laboring masses that there is no other
solution left and that solution will
then lie in the use of the strike weap
on. Sporadic Strike Worthless
"We therefore submit that no spo
radic strike not properly organized
w ill be of value. W hen wt have failed
to have brought to a successful issue
the remedies outlined, your committee
$1200 for class U urges the delegates of local unions.
district councils, central bodies, state
federations, national and international
unions of the bodies assembled to one
and a'l consider the necessity before
us to so organize .that 'the m&chincry
in the several branches and depart
ments of labor, when the hour arrives
after all other remedies, are exhaust-
ristLTipH tn influence the fjitlinlir I lower classifications can draft. Hither
vo'e. hut di.l not pet the articles mih-! classifications, however, have a right I ed. that a general strike vote' may be
lished. ito purchase unlimitedly as in the past; taken in every local union in the en-
He told the committee he had a ! from clubs in lower clashes. The draft- j tire lahor movement,
son in France with the American i ing season was announced as from Oc-1 "Your committee recommends that
army engineers. Dickinson is a for-! toiler 1 to 10 and no cancellations of l the taking of a strike vote commence
mer newspaperman who seTved as a draft will be allowed.
major of the Sixth Missouri infantry
during the Spanish-American war. He
has been a rather well-known figure
in Washington for several years.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
I In regard to player limits it was
; agreed that class AA clubs can car-
ry 21 on reserve but only 16 during
the playing season, effective on the
I opening day of the season. Clubs in
1 all other classifications will be allow-
j cd to have 21 on their reserve list but j
Saturday Always Hosiery lay
AT-
BARGAIN BOOTH SPECIALS
The Price Reductions on Hosiery Featured for
Today are Particularly Noteworthy
Children's Black and White School Stockings,
sizes, zy2 to 9y2. Regular 35c val., special C
CHILDREN'S CASHMERE STOCKINGS, 6 to f)n
Slzy 65c value, special . . . . . . .
Women's Pure Silk Hose, Lisle Tops, Black, Blue, (P-?
Gray and Champagne, Regular $1.25, special V
Women's Fancy Striped Silk Hose, Regular H
$1.25 and S2.00 kind, special . . . . 3
WOMEN'S BLACK AND WHITE HOSE
Special . . .
9
DC
Out Three Days White Sale
COMMENCES MONDAY, JAN. 20. Sec Our Window Display
j at the earliest possible date, and that
this convention request all national
and international officers to submit
this question to a referendum vote in
accordance with the constitutions of
their organizations and that the vote
shall be in, and tahul ited on or before
June 1, and that the date for the gen
eral strike be set for the Fourth of
July, 101!. the day of American independence."
j The American Federation of Labor
i will be asked to endorse the general
! strike at its next annual convention.
I. W. W. Again Defeated
The Muoney case program resulted
in fiery debate lasting five hours in
'the course of which radical delegates
opposed the sending of a committee to
1 Washington to ask federal interven
tion and demanded that the date of
the general strike be set for .May 1.
The conservatives finally succeeded in
having the committee report adopted
by a vote of more than two to one. in
the discussion President Wilson's
name was hissed and July 4 was sneer
ingly rt tcried to as "life master's holi
, day." Later William if poo nor of Oak
. land. Calif., paid a tribute to Presi
dent Wilson for his sympathetic atti
tude toward labor art! the convention
by a rising vole exteniied thinks to
the chief executive for his elforts to
obtain .Mooney's release.
At one siagd in the discussion a
wt stern delegate shiutcd: "We will
stop every heel ill the land and make
the country look like 1111 Arizona
desert."
A. Johansen of Chicago, said the
great danger wis from the silent lalKir
leaders who had declined thus far to
express themselves on the .Moouey
MAKING 00D
AT SIXTY-FIVE
Don't wor-y shout oM ag". A cor.nd
man is rimh! at any age. Krcp jour
body in good condition and yon c.iu be
lis halo and hearty and uMe to "do your
bit" as when you were a young fellow.
Affection. of the liiduers and Madder
are turning t bo icpdiiig causrs of early
" or helpless itgc Keep tlu'iu clea'i aud
the other n'ji.irs in wr!.Tng couJilioii,
und you v. ill Uiv .loii-.a; t Icr.
Privs the pui.i'jnouit v."a::fes f.-oin tli3
FTsteui slid avoid .:: acid aeeuasitla
lioas. Take ;t)I.I MiCUAl Haarlem
Oil Capvulvft iKTi'.iiicUIy snd j-u will
iind that yon re as good u the next
fi-li.iw. lour spirits will be rejuve
nated, r'i' muscles strong aud your
luiiiii L'.eu enough for tuy tu.k.
COT P MEDAL ITaarlem Oil Capsule
will do the work. Put be sure to jrt
the original imimrted COM) AIIIDAL
llnmh.n t'il C.H'.ndoii. 1'licy urc
linble niid htouid in'ii yen. or ynnr
moti-.v r.;:i rfim!c'l. ' " '"'
most ' (Iruittst bcakii packasei i
three fucs, 1
i?
Your money in our Bank will be absolutely se
cure, and making more money for j'ou workinsr
day and night, rain cr shine, "'hpther you are sick
or well or taking a vacation.
4' , ON SAVINGS ACCOUNTS
Bank with us.
ivv
Irving T. Bush.
Plans to push America's foreijrn
trade are now beincr put into execu
tion by Irvine T Bush, president of
the Bush Terminal Company. He is
now in London arranging vast ex
port plans which include, a co-operative
enterprise whereby American
manufacturers will be able to show
American poods to Kuropean buyers
at a minimum of 'expense through
ase of mammoth display rooms in
London similar to the hutrj structure
already in use in New York city.
case. H'i mentioned five or ban Fran-!
cisco w h i had refused to become inter- ; J
esfd. W. I). Patterson of Oakland, i j
Lam.; i. l.. .-wcnoison oi tieveiar.ii: j
Morris Mraun of New York, and oih-j
era spoke in support of the committee
report and warned that if the strike !
was' set for an earlier date than July!
1 it miuht fail. !
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine. VVeter 4 Co.. Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN Sl ERYAN, NEW YCRK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN CCFPER STOCK
A
J. CRAIG, Independent Gasfitter.
ALL KINDS CAS WORK MY SPECIALTY. Gas Water Heaters and
Ranges installed and repaired. Gas piping work guaranteed. Prices
reasonable. Phone C68, care H. E. Wootton, Res. Fhone, Black 702.
SAND LOT MEETING
' Kv Klviw l.ea.-'l YV'ir
CLKVELAXU. Ohio. Jan. 17 The
executive committee of the N.uioual
Baseball Federation, the country's
sand lot oi ionization, had a short ,
business session here today. The an
nua! convention will open tomorrow.
BETTER THAN
Thousands Have Discovered Dr.
Edwards' Olive Tablets are
a Harmless Substitute.
Dr. Edwards Olive Tablets the substi
tute for calomel are a mild but sure
laxative, and their effect on the liver is
almost instantaneous. I hey are tne resuic
of Dr. Edwards' determination not to treat
liver and towel complaints with calomel.
Hi3 efforts to banish it brought out these
little olive-colored Ubh-ts.
These pleasant little tablets do the roo J
that calomel does, but have no bad after
effetts. They don't injure the tsth lik?
strong liquids or calorr.eL They take hr!d
of the trouble and quickly correct it. Why
cure the liver at the expense of the tettii?
Calomel sometimes plays havoc with tha
gums. So do strong liquids. Itisrx:stnot
to take calomel, but to let Dr. Edvirds'
Olive Tablets take it3 place.
Most headaches, "dullness" art! that
lazy feeling come from constfps'ion end
a disordered liver. Take Dr. Ed-.vards'
Olive Tablets v. hen yea feel "logy" and
"heavy." Note how tb jy "c'oar" clouded
brain and how they "perk up" the sp:rit I
10c and 23c a bax. Ail druggisti '
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
. Office Ce'ow Copper Queen Hotel
C ID 1
W Alk 5
WOOD
Bisbee Fuel and
ee
d C
ompany
Phone 121
Cilct rj;lo-Ar Copper Queen Hotel
i
J
prraae.-gfa.
Gas Fire
d Water Heater
For Attaching
Tto You)
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply ot
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re-t;u-st
for representative to tall
upon you.
il I
H t
m .
$ I
11:1 ; I
pi; s.-g t
Msbee Improvement Co. t
THE EISEEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1919.
THREE
4
PRESS WILL BE
ADMITTED TO ALL
FULL CONFERENCES
(Continued from Pnire One)
question of the number of delegates
from the various powers thui was fin
ally established.
"The propram for the opening con
ference, which will take nlace at the
foreien office tomorrow at 3 oclock in!
the afternoon.
was afterwards ar-
ranged.
Publicity Statement
"The meeting finally examined into
the question of publicity to be given
to the discussion of the conference
and unanimously approved the follow
ing text to be handed to the press in
the name of the five great powers:
'The representatives of the allied and
associated powers have given earn
est consideration to the question of
publicity for the proceedings of the
peace conference. They are anxious
that the public, through the press,
should have the fullest information
compatible with the safeguarding of
the supreme interest of all, which is
that a just and honorable settlement
should be arrived at with the mini
mum of delay.
" 'It is, however, obvious that pub
licity with regard to the preliminary
conversations new proceeding must
be subject to the limitations neces
sarily imposed by the difficult and
delicate nature of their object The
proceedings of a peace conference are
far most analogous to the meetings of
a cabinet than to those of a legisla
ture. Nobody has ever suggested that
cabinet meetings should be held in
public, and if they were fo held the
work of government would become
impossible.
'One reason why cabinets are held
in private is in order that differences
may be reconciled and agreements
reached before the stage of publicity
is begun. The essence of the demo
cratic method is not that the delib
erations of a government be conduct
ed in public hut that its conclusions
be subject to the consideration of a
popular chamber and to free and open
discussion on the platform and by the
press.-
Objdcts of Congress
"'Representatives of the "allied and
associated powers are holding conver
sations in order to solve questions
which affect the vital interests of
many nations and upon which they
may at present hold many diverse
views. These deliberations cannot
proceed by the method of a majority
vote. No nation can be committed
except by the free vote of its own
delegates. The conclusions arrived at
in these consultations, therefore, can
only be formed by the difficult pro
cess of reaching an agreement among
all.
'"This vital process would only be;
hindered if the discussion of every
disputed question were opened by a
public declaration by each delegation
of its own national point of v'ew. Such
e. declaration would, In many cases,
be followed by premature public con
troversy. " 'This would be serious enough if
it were confined to controversy be
tween parties within each state. It
might be extremely dangerous, there
fore, as it would be inevitable, it re
sulted in controversy between nations.
" 'Moreover, such public declara
tions would hinder the give and take
on the part of the delegates them
selves, which is essential to a success
ful negotation, a matter of infinitely!
greater dififculty. It is also extremely ;
important that the settlement should
not only be just, but satisfactory. '
Anxious for Peace
"'Every belligerent power is anx-j
ious for the early conclusion or peace, !
in order that its armies may be de-
mnhilizorl and ihat ;t m.iv return once !
more to the ways of peace. ' I
'"If premature publicity is given to) "'lauiDiy nave succumueu. un me
the negotiations, the proceedings of Hth- w ere t attack in Lorraine
"the peace conference would be inter- vit" 20 French divisions and 6 Anier
tninably protracted and the delegates ican divisions. This attack would
would be forced to speak not only have been supported by other move
of the business before the conference,, nients in Flanders and in the center,
but to concern themselves with thej "The Germans were 'lost. They
controversies which had been' raised' capitulated. There is the whole
by the account of their proceedings story.
outside. ! "And now we must make a peace j
"'Finally there will often be very ! which will correspond with the magni-j
strong reasons against announcing the' t"de of our victory. We must have a
conclusions of the conversations as" I peace as absolute as was our success
they are arrived at. The representa-! and which will guard us aaainst all
tives of a nation may be willing to j future aggressions. I
give their assent on one point, only i ' France has a right to demand
provided that they receive a conces-i measures of protection after the for
sion on another point which has notmidab! efforts she put forth to save;
yet been discussed. It will not be pos-i civilization. The natural frontier
PAY CASH
We have a fine assortment, consisting of Spitzen
berger, Rome Beauty, Winesaps, Blacktwigs, Bald
win, Northern Spy, Pippins.
A MOST ECONOMICAL FOOD
REASONABLY PRICED
J. B. ANGIUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
WHERE YOU CAN DO BETTER
Phone 29
L
U. S. Food Administration
jsible to juripe of t'n wisdom and
'justice of the peace settlement until
it can be viewed as a whole, and ir
niattue announcement might lead to
misapprehensions and anxiety as to
the ultimate results for which there
was no real foundation. ,
Public Opinion NecrSsary
" 'In calling; attention, however, to
these necessary limitations of pub
licity these representatives of the
powers do not underrate the import
ance of carrying public opinion with
them in the vast task by which they
are contronteu. i tiey recognize mar
unless public opinion approves of the
results of their labors they will be
nugatory.
" "This reasoning applies with con
clusive force to the present conver
sations between the representatives of
the great powers.
"With regard to the full confer
ences the following mle was adopt
ed: " 'Representatives of the press shall
be admited to the Ipeetings of the
full conference, but upon necessary
occasions the deliberations of the con
ference may bo held in camera." "
Adopt Resolutions
PARIS, Jan. 17. (Py the Associated
Press) Representatives of the allied
and American press, at their meeting
Thursday, unanimously adopted the
following resolution:
"First, it is essential to insure full
publicity for the peace negotiations.
"Second: the official communiques
should be as complete as possible.
Third: In addition to the com
muniques, full summaries of the day's
j Proceedin gs should be issued, not nee
essarily for textural fullness, but for
the guidance of the press.
No Interference
"Fourth: There should be no inter
ference with the free intercourse be
tween the delegates and responsible
' jo",j!'ts;
"Fifth: Journalists should be permit
ted to attend the formal session of
the conference.
"Sixth: It is recommended that
there be equal treatment of the allied
press by the abolition of the censor-
jship in all allied countries."
All except the French delegates also
agreed to these recommendations:
"First: There gliculd be direct rep
resentation of tbe press at the sittings
of the peace conference.
"Second: The press of each of the
great powers should be represented
by not less than five delegates and
each of the smaller powers who act
ively participated in the war should be
represented proportionately."
NO CENSORSHIP IN FRANCE
(Py Review Leased ii
PARIS. Jan. 17. The semi-official
Temps, regarding the question of pub
licity of the proceedings of the peace
conference, says the French censor is
exercising no control over news des-
i tined for the allied or associated eoun-
tries
Certain dispatches sent from Paris
to American newspapers," it remarks,
"insinuate that the French govern
ment exercises control over all news
relative to the conference and over all
means of communication with other
countries. These allegations are erron
eous. Censorship is not exercised over
news destined for the allied or associ
ated countries. The French press can
render a service to the common cause
by denouncing to our friends across
the Atlantic the. malevolent rumors by !
which it is attempted to alter the
truth.'
RHINE MUST BE
FRENCH BORDER
BELIEVES FOCH
(Continued from Pag" One)
.
rendered, everything was prepared
for an offensive in which it would
- PAY LESS
License No. G-16109
LES
I which will protect civilization is
t Rhine.
Thine as Frontier.
"It is ou the Rhine that we must
'hold the (ierninns. It is by x the
Rhine that we must make it inipos-;
sible for them to recommence the coup
j of 1SU4. The Rhine is the common
I barrier of all the allies, precisely ofc
all those who united to save t-iviliza-l
tion. Tiie Rhine is the guarantee of!
peace tor all tlie nations who have
shed their Mood in the cause of lib-:
erty. Then let us watch on the;
Rhine. !
"We have no H'-a of a' tacking Ger
many or of recommending the war.
Democracies such us ours never at
tack. They ask bUL to live in ieace
and to grow in peace, but who can say
that Germany where democratic Jayne Hill, former ambassador to tier
ideas are o recent and perhaps very t many, declared here tonight. The un
superfici;l will not quickly reco:n-ion should consist of those nation,
mence its aggression.
"Enplund has the channel to cross.
America is far away. France must
always be in a position to safeguard
the general interests of mankind.
Thofe interests are at stake on the
Rhine. It is there that we must pre
pare to tuard against the painful sur
prises of the future.
"The armistice is signed, but peace
is not yet concluded. So long as the
status of Europe has not been set
tled, let us watch; let us watch to
gether, so th.'.t we lose not the fruits
of our common victory. Let us re
main united as we were in battle."
BANDIT SURRENDERS.
BROWNSVILLE, Tex., Jan. 17.
Luis Oedella, one of the most impor
tant Mexican rtbel leaders in the
Tampico oil recion has surrendered
with 3"0 followers to federal troops,
according to a telegram from Monte
rey. Americans arriving in Rrowrs
ville today report Tempic-o" greatly
enjoys chanced conditions.
ROYAL MARRIAGE
INTERESTS ORIENT
I'rincvss Nashimoto Masako and
Prince Yi Junior.
The marriage of Princess Nashi
moto .Masako to Prince Yi Junior of
Korea has leen Jirianucd definitely
fccsrilin to v.,;d f rom the orient.
The princess . is the granddaughter
of tlie late Mikaun and niece of the
present emperor. On November 28
the emperor performed the ceremony
of report injr the marriage to the
spirits of the imperial ancestors. The
wed.iln will take place January 15
ami tiie couple will then go to Korea
to visit Prince and Princess Yi
Senior. 1
Notice!
THE BEST PLACE TO BUY THE
BEST MEAT AT THE
LOWEST PRICES
MINERS
Meat Market
Milk Fed Vnal, lb 25c
Pork Roast, lb 38c
Choice Pot Roast, lb 15c
Pure Pork Sausage, lb 28c
Salt Pork, lb 35c
Veal Liver, lb 20c
Corn Beef, lb 15c
Extra nice fat hens and chick
ens. All our poultry is home raised
and dressed.
FRESH CROUND BONE
We handle nothing but K C. Lamb
Pbone 141-Naco Road
I REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
, ? f
il "X
l ? 1
.' .: .. an-'-;-,.
; UNION OF NATIONS
HOPE OF WORLD TO
ESTABLISH PEACE
(Hv Rpvlew l.piisJ Wire)
NEW YORK. Jan. IT. I'nion of na
tions which fought to bring interna
tional law breakers to justice is the
hope of the world for the establish
ment ti TiitncinleH fif hmnnnitv l):ivid
and no others, he asserted, and should
be limited to the maintenance of in-
I ternational law.
The former diplomat "distrusted"
any confederation with powers beyond
this limitation, and predicted that the
Vnited States would never transfer to
a league of nations, "of which it would
be only a parochial part" authority
vested by tlie constitution in the "re
sponsible representatives of the peo
ple." -
Dr. Hiil spoke at the annual meeting
of the New York State Bar association
at which Charles K. Hughes, its presi
dent, voiced the opinion that Amer
ica's roie in iiiternatuinal atafirs, her
part in treeing humanity from the
curse ot v. ar and laying the founda
tion for b. t:er administration of the
M or: roe doctrine, or any subordination
of national interests. There was no
indication, Mr. Hughes said, that the
American people wished to abandon
the policy under which the United
States had insisted on non-interference
by European powers in the af
fairs of independent, nations on the
American continents. Rather, he add-
: ed, 'may we not expect that it w ill be
tonfirmed?"
Great Need of Law
Speaking of the authority of interna
tional law. Dr. Hill said that "at no
time, perhaps, since history began to
be reckoned has there existed so pro
found and so universal a couviction of
the value and necessity of law, and
particularly of the restraint of the
law, in controlling the activities of in
dependent sovereign states."
"If the entente allies, who have
fought together in this war to vindi
cate the rights of nations, are not to
be trusted, and there is in them no
soul of honor, then the outlook for
mankind is, indeed, a hopeless one,"
he declared. "Hut if they can be trust
ed in so great a matter, the formula
for the defense of right is very
j simple."
j Mr. Hughes declared that the allies
! have it in their power to provide meth
j ods of fair adjustment of the prob
l lems raised by the war and predicted
that if this power was exercised, it is
I not an extravagant expectation that by
gradual and normal development the
long looked for reign of Justice may
be established.
"laid national agreements at pres
ent so far as the belliKerent powers
I are concerned," said Mr. Hughes, "will
depend for their potency and promise
upon the sanction that the allies give
them. A similar difficulty is present
ed as to international courts. Would
Great Britain or the United States or
France or Italy be willing to submit
a serious controversy involving grave
national interests to the arbitrament
of a, body in which Germans or Au
trians or representatives of certain
neutral powers might possibly turn
the scale. And yet. recognizing the
difficulty, it would be unfortunate if
we could not at least make a start In
providing the machinery of a judicial
determination and conciliation. The
present relations of the allies, sharing
the victory won by tneir united errort,
furnish a basis for future co-operation
and this is an opportunity which it
ARIZONAN RELEASED
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17. The war
department made public tonight a list
of Americans who have been released
from the German prison camp at Ras
tatt aud have reached France. The
enlisted men include:
Robert B. Reed. Willard, Coio.;
Stephen Trojunovich, Calhan, Colo.;
Joe McCarthy, Tucson, Ariz.
In Preparing
Specifications
it makes a whole lot of differ
ence what kind of lumber you
use. If the lumber is to come
from us, you can figure on
quantities much closer than if
you don't specify us. There
is no waste to our lumber. It
can be used to the last inch.
If your plans are as right as
our lumber yur building will
be a dandy.
Bisbee Lumber Co
(Inrbrporated)
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
Lowell Car Stop. Phone 25
would be folly to neglect. Arrange
ments to facilitate investigation and
discussion and to secure this co-operation
where practical, are important,
but it may be reaarded as clear that
we shall actually undertake only that
measure of co-operative effort which
at a given time and for a definite pur
pose is understood to be desirable."
In conclusion, he said:
Remember Law of Being
"The war and the exercise of war
powers affected the temporary dis
playment of liberty in order that its
foundations might ultimately be more
secure. In speech, in conduct, in ev
ery activity of life, we have had un
wonted restraints to which we submit
ted in order to win the victory, not to
enthrone military rule, but to destroy
the rule of force and to make freedom
permanent. We have welcomed all
these methods that the cause might
triumph. Itut now victory has been
won. The republic turns to the meth
ods of peace to the discharge of its
primary duty as the guardian of liber
ty. In its ambitions, it cannot afford
to forget the law of its being. What
will it profit the republic if it gain j
.v... ,..t...l.. .,-,...1,1 nn.l I,..., .-.. I
Lilt M iiuit- nuuu auvt lure 1 1 - uhu
soul?"
NEW POLISH CABINET.
WARSAW! Thursday. Jan. 16. (liy
the Associated Press.) Ignace Jan
Paderewski. hain? reached an agree
ment with General Pilsudski. hassue
ceeded partly in forming a new Pol
ish cabinet. General Pilsudski will
be foreign minister under M. PaJerew
ski as premier, which will permit Pil
sudski to retain much of his power.
Three members of the present cabi
net will be in the new ministry, which
will be constituted primarily of non
political experts. The new cabinet is
subject to the approval of German
Poland. It will continue in office
until elections are held within the
next fortnight.
An Attack of Influenza
Often Leaves Kidneys in
Weakened Condition
Doctors in all parts of the country
have beep kept busy with the epi
demic of influenza which has visited
I so many homes. .
The symptoms of. tins disease are
very distressing and leave the system
in a run down condition. Almost every
victim complains of lame back and uri
nary troubles which should not be ne
glected, as these danger signals often
lead to dangerous kidney troubles.
Druggists report a large sale of Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root which so many
people say soon heals and strengthens
the kidneys after an attack of grip.
Swamp-Root, being an herbal com
pound, has a gentle healing effect on
the kidneys, which is almost immedi
ately noticed in most cases by those
who try it. Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bingham
ton, N. Y., offer to send a sample size
bottle of Swamp-Root, on receipt of
ten cents, to every sufferer who re
quests it. A trial will convince any
one who may be in need of it. Regular
medium and large size bottles, fcr sale
at all druggists. Be sure to mention
this paper.
BLOCKADE TO CONTINUE
iBv Review Leased wire)
LONDON. Jan. 17. The admiralty
has no immediate intention of relax
ing its strict blockade against Ger
many, the Central News says it learns.
ANNUAL SKI CARNIVAL
(t'v Review l-el Wire
STEAM ROAT SPRINGS. Colo.. Jan.
17. The annual ski carnival which
was to have been held here next
month, has been called off, it was an
nounced today by the Steamboat
Spring Ski club, because most of the
expert ski Jumpers of the country are
in military service.
DEPARTURE LEAVES"
NO PAIN IN U. S.
4
Flenrich tod EckhardL
. The German government recently
recalled Henrich von Kckhardt, Ger
man minister to Mexico since 1915.
Notice was sent to him first through
the Mexican embassy, at Washing
ton. It was disregarded. Later
notice was sent direct to htm. Von
Eckhardt Sjmred in the Zimmerman
disclosures in 11)17. He has been
the leader in anti-American propa
ganda and news of his recall is not
unwelcome in tlie U. S.
-
r
One of the Worlds Greatest Men Was a
Civil, Mechanical and Constructional
Engineer ,
mathematician; inventor; electrical wiz
ard; botanist; naturalist; economist;
psychologist; writer and Philosopher!
Yet, as a youth, he once worked for $25
a year and board, until he bettered him
self through an Ad in The Review Classi
fied Columns!
CIAL
SATURDAY
994
(U-S-J
Phoenix Spring Lamb
Leg Roasts, lb 37y2c
Shoulder Roasts, lb '. 30 c
Loin Roasts, lb 37 He
Chops, lb '. 37V2C
Stew, lb 25 c
Pork Shoulder Roasts, 22ic lb
On Sale at All Our Markets
BREWERY AVENUE MARKET
LOWELL MARKET
JOHNSON MEAT COMPANY
CZAR CASH MARKET
Tovrea s
United States Food Administration License No. G-07681
"PUP! PV"
IS BACK AT
THE OLD STAND
BROPHY GARAGE
and Supply Co.
len s Suits
SPECIAL OFFER THIS WEEK
ONLY. ALL $50.C0 AND
J45.C0 SUITS FOR
$40.00
$75.00 AND $65.00 SUITS FOR
$53.00
FABRIC, STYLE AND FIT ALL
GUARANTEED
We are the only tailors in te
city who make your clothes in our
own shep. We can make your
clothes cheaper than you can buy
them ready made.
We accept Liberty Bonds and W.
S. S. Stamps as Cash
FRUITMAN'S
FASHION SHOP
TAILORS FOR MEN AND
WOMEN
Opp. American Express Co.
Phone 74 Main St.
Mrs. Jones Ishen
VOICE BUILDING, TONE PRO
DUCTION and the ART OF SING
ING. From the beginning to the
highest perfection. Free voice trial.
J Pbone Creoi721 for appointment.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1919.
Published Every Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated Publishing
Company
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to this paper,
and also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-publication of Bpecial dispatches herein are also reserved.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES,
Per month
Three mouths
Six months
Twelve months
Sunday (our weekly) per year
Sunday (our weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Taken
Build the San
The remarks of Senator Kenyon, in Uie United States senate yesterday, to
the effect that there are 200.000 men out of jobs in this country today and
that immediate provision should be made for emergency public works, to
gether with the statement of Senator Weeks that the federal government
should start emergency work on waterways, roads and land reclamation,
suggests at once, why not build the San Carlos reservoir?
The Twenty-fourth Territorial Legislature assembly memoralizcd con
gress to this effect, 6tating as follows:
"The geological survey of the United States, after due and complete in
vestigation, including surveys, soundings for bed-rock, stream measurements
and all other work necessary to afford them full and complete knowledge
of the feasibility and desirability of constructing a storage dam on the
Gila river, in the vicinity of San Carlos Indian agency, did report and declare:
"I. That it is feasible to construct a dam at said San Carlos reservoir
site 150 feet high at a cost of ll.02S.000, including the cost of right-or-way,
damage for property to be acquired and a diversion dam at the head of the
Florence canal. ,
"2. That such dam will imound 250.000 acre feet of water and reclaim
150,000 acres of land, the cost of reclamation being $4.40 per acre.
"3. That the annual discharge of the Gila river at said dam site, is am
ple to fill the reservoir created by said dam in years of minimum flow and
that less than 3 per cent of the annual flow of the Gila river, at said dam
siie, has been appropriated for irrigation purposes below said dam.
"4. That in the Casa Grande valley, the first agricultural land to be
reached below the San Carlos reservoir, there are 315,000 acres of land,
all of which are irrigable and possessed of a soil of unsurpassed fertility.
"5. That the lands reclaimed by the San Carlos 'reservoir will support
in ease and luxury more than forty thousand people and make homes for
8000 families. ,
That the said San Carlos reservoir will furnish 20,000 electric horse
power, the rentals from which would more than pay the cost of maintain
ing the reservoir.
"7. That it is feasible to construct a dam at San Carlos reservoir site
to the height of 250 feet and such a dam would create a reservoir having
a storage capacity of 560,000 acre feet of water. The cost of such a dam would
be $2,000,000." ,
The above report of the geological survey was submitted to and approved
by the secretary oJ the interior and by him referred to congress with a
recommendation asking an immediate appropriation for the construction Qf
the proposed dam, but congress failed to tak3 any action. That was during
our territorial days. Now, however, with congress in the proper frame of
mind, and with our Senator Smith as chairman of the senate committee on
irrigation and reclamation of arid lands, and Senator Ashurst as chairman
of the senate .committee on Indian affairs, if this project cannot be carried
through, it will never be accomplished during the lives of men now living.
Brush Aside
Just because a few men have been laid off in a few mines of the state,
just because the copper market today is unsettled and unstable and the
price of copper is low-, just because conditions now are not what they were
in the mining camps of Arizona a year ago or six months ago, just because
Arizona, with the rest of the nation, faces the period of reconstruction just
because of all these facts, a few timid persons are expressing fear of a
general cessation in the state of prospecting and development.
Brush aside the clouds! Prospecting, development and production of
metals will continue. Prospecting and development will increase, and in
some instances production will decrease slightly. No cause exists for un
easiness. The facts are easy to obtain and easier to understand.
The metal market today is unstable and low. The large producers are
making copper at war time costs and wages. There is no demand for the
copper they produce, and were there any active and large demand at
present prices, they could not operate profitably in capacity attained during
war-time pressure and emergency. Consequently, some have taken steps to
curtail production. ,
Employes who have in the past been paid high wages for getting out
copper have been transferred to another department for the purpose of
curtailment they receive today the same high wages for exploring ground
heretofore untouched, for prospecting and development; the companies pay
war-time prices for materials with which to curry on the work. Why?
Because the brains of copper production believe that when the recoil
Btruction period Is passed, the world demand for copper will be heavier
than ever in history: ,
Because Kurope must be rebuilt:
Because thousands of miles of railroad must be electrified to keep pace
with modern ideals of transportation:
Because consumers in the United States will again demand a normal
tonnage of copper, which during the war they could not have:
Because new uses for copper are being discovered every day.
The large copper producers of the state are looking forward to the re
vival of the industry when the present period of readjustment has passed.
To be ready for increased demand which will oome with the new era of
business which following the signing of peace, the large producers can pur
sue no other policy than to make ready for record production. In like manner
Eon-producing properties on financially sound books have added incentive to
reach a productive stage beiore the arrival oi copper's golden opportunity,
and prospectors share in Uieir hopes.
Arizona is more likely to see work on new and old properties increased
than to experience cessation of development and prospecting. No evidence
can be produced to show that any of the state's producing or active non
producing mines are in the least concerned over the situation. The only
cessation which may be reasonably anticipated will be of companies whoje
funds will no longer permit them to work. , '
Building Impetus Needed
Activity of the construction industry at this time is essential to the
general welfare of the country. As Secretary McAdoo recently stated in
directing the supervising architect to resume public work, "The activity of
the building industry will facilitate the transmission of (general) industry
from a war to a peace basis." .
This is a question that goes beyond the interests of the construction
industry. It is fundamental to our entire program of reconstruction and
affects society as a whole. After all, reconstruction must be literal as well
as metaphorical; the way to bring about reconstruction is to reconstruct.
Successful construction depends upon proper team-work between the
employer and employee; therefore, the work undertaken by this division falls
undr the activities of the Labor Department; and under those of the in
formation and Education Service, which already possess a nucelus of the
necessary organization and important data.
Secretary Wilson's wish is that the nation be Interested in public and
private construction. This wish cannot be cr.rrled out unless the work is
based on facts. ,
Facts when verified and surveys when completed will be'made known
to the public and to the members of tliis great composite industry. There is
a mtv ice of information and education.
The co-operation of other governmental departments, the state councils
of defi-use. etc.. is assured. Evidently time can be saved and correctness
oi viewpoint gained by such co-operation.
The following telegram from the secretary of war, approved by the
secretary of labor, was sent out under date of December 21, 1'JlS. to 4S
stale c ouncils of national defense and 4000 comity councils of national
defense: t ,
"Re-employment of discharged soldiers, sailors and war workers re
leased from war industries is one of the most important tasks now belorc
the country. We strongly urge that in sections where there i;i a surplus
of labor ail public improvement be advanced In order to absorb lalxir. We j
ask tiiiit you use all influence with slate, comity and municipal authorities!
to this end. Preliminary bteps should be taken immediately In order that j
iieces.-nry authority may be be ured in time lor operations upon opcuing oil
construction seaton." '
PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
-75
.. 2.25
.. 4.00
.. 7.50
.. 2.50
. .75
for Less Than 75c
Carlos Reservoir
the Clouds
NEAR EAST RELIEF
ALREADY STARTED
(Review Phiwnix liuiiaui
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Jan 17. .Vj.'I
has just been received at the state
headquarters of the committee ha ii;s
in charge the united drive for relief
in the near east, to the effect that
the steamer Mercurius lias left the
port of New York laJen with food and
other needed supplies lor the suffer
ers of the near east. This shows the
promptness which committees are dis
playing in handling the funds which
a? now coming in.
Wort! was received yesterday at
state headquarters that Utah has
tone over t!:e top n1 leaders of the
movement in Arizona are determined
that the pioneer state shall not fall
dewr In tearing its share of tho bur
den in thi3 great humanitarian cause.
"Save food! 7 was the watchword oi
the f.ioj administration.
"Save money!" has been the slogan
of thrift stamp and liberty loan drives.
"Save life!" is the appeal sent forth
'u this campaign bv the committea
who point out that this is the first
strictly charitable drive of national
scepr- that has taken place in the
Un:ted States since the beginning ol
the var.
The American committee for relief
i?i tho near east has the frll endorse
ment cf President Wilson in a recent
tr!e?ram. who stated:
"I, therefore, again call upon the
people of the United States to make
oven more generous contributions
than they have male heretofore to sus
tain throush the winter months those,
who, through no fault of their cwn
have been left in a starving, Shelter
less condition, and to holp re-establish
these ancient and sorely op
pressed people in their former homes
on a self-supporting basis."
REALTY HEN SEEK
TO PERVERT BILL
(Review Phoenix I'ureau)
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 17. Fore
stalling what is believed to be an at
tempt to subvert the aim of the pro
posed soldier settlement act. Joseph
R. Loftus, president of the soldier set
tlement committee, accompanied by
Alfred Sieboth, secretary of that or
ganization, has left for Salt Lake City,
where a conference regarding the
formulation of this project is to be
held January IS. The conference is
dtricned to secure' federal co-operation
in the scheme..
The soldier settlement act was
drawn by Secretary of tile Interior
Lane and is intended to iurnish re
turning soldiers and sailors with farms
of sufficient size to afford them com
fortable livings. Certain legislation
remains to be enacted by each state
concerned before governmental aid in
the plan will be forthcoming. This
meeting of representatives at' Salt
Lake is expected to settle this point.
According to advices which have
been received here, certain real
estate oprators are now at Salt Lake
endeavoring to have the project nar
rcwed down to the colonization of a
t.'w areas. This concentration of the
proposed federal aid is not designed
to work for the betterment, of the
tut? it is desired to assist, but rather
to exploit certain districts, it is said.
It. is for the purpose of making an
investigation of these rumors that the
two officials left before the remainder
of the Arizona delegation.
IS
AS COMMISSIONER
(Ivexicw I'hemx I'.nreMiii
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Jan. 17. In recog
nition of the efficient service rendered
by the official during his term of of
fice, the state land board has re-elected
William Mouer to the position of
state land commissioner. The action of
the board comes as a surprise in view
of the fact that a rumor has been cur
rent about the capitol tor several days
regarding a change that was contemp
lated in the administration of this of
fice. An unusual feature of the election
of Mr. Mouer lies in the fact that the
incumbent's term of office had not yet
expired. His election, it was stated,
was accomplished to quiet the rumors
of a prospective change and to put an
end to the political log rolling that has
been carried on in an'rffort to secure
the place for a score of aspirants.
Mr. Mouer first assumed the duties
of this office in July, IMS, at the time
of the adoption of the revised land
code. He has served continuously as
land commissioner since that time.
CAR ARRESTED WHEN
DRIVER STRIKES POST
A unique "arrest" was made by Itis
bee police ol fleers at about !:"0
o'clock last night when a gray touring
car, which had been recklessly drivc.it,
was taken in custody by them. The
car. after sinking ami carrying for
several 'feet the iron traffic port near
the Bank of Bisbee corner, was traced
to the Hisliee Auto company parage. It
h:id been deserted. Olficers believe
it was driven by a Liouglns niiin anil
I hey are holding it awaiting u claimant.
HOUER
CHOSEN
BIG LIQUOR HAUL
EARLY YESTERDAY
IN SMELTER CITY!
I A .-'id r.n a ranch house a few
; miles west of Douglas early yester-
day by county mid federal officers re-
suited in the seizure of whisky, wine
r.n 4 beer which at current bootiegser
prices would bring several thousand
dol'ars on the open market. No ar-ro.-ts
have been made, but Sheriff
Jcmc3 McDonald, who headed the
la'tUnr.- party, said last nitht lie felt
sure good cases could be made
against thoe guilty of bringing the
liquor in. both in state and federal
courts.
'It wa-j thousht probable tliat the
owners of the liquor would show up
within the next few days in the vi
cinity of Douilas and their arrest is
3ijiedu:ed to follow.
Participating in the raid, besides
SVr. Mcu-anald, were Deputies Hud
Kellv. Parmer and Hard wick and some
government men whose names were
net given.
P.csccution probably will be ba.ie 1
cn conspiracy to violate the prohibi
tion law, which is a felony, although
the violation itself constitutes only a
misdemeanor.
WRESTLERS SIGNED
FOR MATCH IN CITY
AND GO AT DOUGLAS
Articles of agreement have been
signed between "Dago Joe" (Gus Pap
pas) middleweight champion of the
Pacific coast, and Manuel Archer, a
Douglas heavyweight wrestler, for a
match to be held in this city in the
Grand theater on the night of Jan
uary 27.
Ever since the match with Ernest
Dixie, the Russian heavyweight, two
weeks ago. Joe has been angling for
a match with Archer, who has a form
idable reputation in the Smelter City.
Archer has appeared there in matches
with Constan. the soldier wrestler, and
others in Douglas.
Dago Joe also has been matched to
wrestle Cpl. Bert V. Hiatt. K troop.
First cavalry, who appears on the mat
as ' Kid" Hiatt. Hiatt claims the mid
dleweight wrestling champion' hip of
the United States army, border dis
trict. This match will be held in
Douglas, February 5.
FARMERS BREAKING
GROUND SAYS M'CABE
More moisture has fallen in the San
Pedro valley this winter than in the
entire year previous, according to G.
J. McCabe, who arrived in Bisbee yes
terday from his ranch. As a result
farmers have begun breaking ground
for thetpurpose of conserving the
moisture from the heavy snows, uid
to store it in the ground until the
planting season.
Mr. McCabe said that the farmers
had not been able to plow last year
until the summer rains had fallen and
even then many of them could do little
plowing.
The anowfall has been bountiful in
that section and in some parts of the
valley a mantle of white still covers
the ground. Cattlemen and farmers
alike are delighted at the outlook tor
a prosperous season.
"GID" THOMPSON DIES
OF BLOOD POISONING
Gid Thompson, for many years a
peace officer in Douglas and in the
Globe-Miami district, died early yes
terday morning at Douglas as a result
of blood poisoning, due to a slight
scratch on his hand, according to word
received here late yesterday.
Mr. Thompson was employed latter
ly on the Hacienda Mababi, a large
British owned ranch about 35 miles
south of Douglas in Sonora. In per
forming his duties he scratched his
hand slightly. After a time the hurt
become painfully infected and he
made a trip to Douglas to have it at
tended to. He then went to the ranch
but his hand became so painful he was
obliged to return to Douglas for treat
ment and shortly afterward pasesd
away.
Deceased was well know n in Bisbee.
He was a man of sunny disposition, al
ways cheerful and ready to tell a good
story, yet a very good officer. He was
the brother of S. P. Thompson for
some time superintendent of the mu
nicipal water nystem at Douglas. Fu
neral arrangements are not known
here.
TWO HOUSES IN CITY
VISITED BY BURGLARS
For the second time within the past
month tin) home of C. C. Donnell, near
the Customs House stop on the Naco
road, was entered bv thieves Thursday
night and a suit belonging to .Mrs.
Donnell and anoth-r 'tielongiug to Mr.
I Donnell wi re missing when the family
returned from the business district.
: The roblH-ry is thought to have occur
red between 7 and S o'clock. Ill the
: former visit of the burglars, jewelry
j.ind oilier articles were taken,
i Another hciise on laundry hill was
entered ;it about the same time, the
jiniigi.il sci unr.g a natch, and several
' ot her articles of alue.
NOTABLES PAY HOMAGE TO RGOSEVELT AT GRAVE
M ' ,n'i f :
II. 1 V - - i
Bodr of Colonel Roosrvrlt being ear
ned into Christ Church at Oyiter
Hay. where funeral was held, and
cx-PrcMdent Taft and Oscar
Straus among the other mourners
at the grave in Youngs cemetery,
where body rjsta.
While the funeral of Colonel
Roosevelt was simple, as he wish
ed, among the mourners were
many of the leading men in the
nation's life, past and present.
Vice Pres.dent Marshall repre
sented the president. Gen. Peyton
C. M.irch represented the army,
and Rear Admiral Winslow the
navy. 'Assistant Secretary Phil
lips represented the state depart
ment. Ex-President Taft and
FOOD REGULATIONS
FAILED IN OBJECT
SAYS ACCOUNTANT
(Continued from Page One)
president of Wilson & Co., receives an
annual salary of $125,000, and Vice
President Valentine of Armour & Co.,
receives J50.0U0 salary annually with
a bonus of $35.0(10. He said he thought
Vice-President White also receives the
same amount while President Morris
of Morris & Co. is paid $50,000 salary
with $25,000 additional for being presi
dent of stockyards company. Senator
Norris of Nebraska sought to ascei
tain from Mr. Chase as to whether the
packers' books showed any expendi
tures made for the purpose of influenc
ing legislation. The witness said he
recalled teeing entries in .Armour &
Co.'s books showing the payment of
legal fees to attorneys principally in
state capitals for services in introduc
ing bills and watching legislatures. He
said he did not believe the whole
amount would exceed $50,000.
Hugh Mclsaac and Dr. A. B. Adams,
investigators for the federal trade
commission at the time of its recent
packers' investigation, testified rela
tively to the examination of various
papers in the office vaults of Henry
Veeder, attorney for Swift & Co. The
hearings will be resumed tomorrow
with Francis J. Heney of San Fran
cisco again on the stand.
SENATE BATTLE
THREATENED AS
MEASURE FAILS
(Continued from l'av Oi.el
proposed constitutional amendment
intended to create a pertnanent school
fund from the sale of public lands I
public school land.-: and bequest. I
A bill by Representative Flood
would mhke it compulsory for boards
of supervisors to provide separate j
buildings or certain parts of build-1
ings for the accommodation of indi
gent tubeiculars.
The session was concluded w ith the
reading of a new bill by Coffee which
would regulate public accountants
through the installation of a board of
examiners and a definition, of th?
qualifications accountants would be
expected to meet.
IMPRESSIVE CERE
MONIES WILL ATTEND '
SEATING DELEGATIONS
(Continued from Pafe One)
in which case President Wilson may
address the gathering for the I'nited
States and all the ohr countries rep
resented. With the conclusion of M. !"bin
care's address and tin; response to
it. the session of the congress will
bo declared to be open and lYemier
Clement-call will take the presiding
officer's thair as head of tho French
(.'fit-nation. tn h ad lress as M Clem
enccsu will make will be brief and
mainly in tlin nature til a t oinmeiice
mcnt of the proceeding, such as the
sele tion of officers, chairman, v Ice
chnirman und general secretary.
The report of lilt supremo council
on the rules governing the congress
will then lie presented. These were
elaborated ut On. s ssions, conclude!
tonight. It is expected that they will
be approved willioiit diM-iissinu, and
then und.' public. Thi-i and possibly
some luillier adjustments In the rep
resentations ol tin- small, t t-tninlrit'.i
probably will embrace all the work
to he iiudi lt.'iken at 'he openi.ig cere
tnonv, Hti.l the main issues ill await
I In business sessions.
The .innoiiiiceiuent made toniht
?
Oscar Straus, philanthropist and I
cabinet
member under Booeerelt 1
that the supreme council had decided
today to idmlt representatives of the
press of the allied and associated
powers to the full meetings of the
niiferer.ee was received a a",
auspicious augury on the ee of the
assembling of the congress.
BELGIUM TO PRQTEST.
BHUSSKL.S, Jan. 17 I Ilavas )
The Belgian, cabinet haa decided to
send to the allied governments a
strong protest against a reduction in
the number of Belgian delegates to
the pface conlerence. The supreme
council has fixed the number of Bel
gian delegates at two, whereas Be!
Muni expected to have U:re.
PERUVIAN STRIKE ENDS
(Rv Hevlew leasei Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 17. Kstablish
ment of an eight hour day by govern
ment decree and designation of the
president and the supreme court to act
as arbitrators have brought an end to
the general strike in Peru, according
to a message received today at the
Peruvian legation from Limi.
HUNS DEFY AMERICANS.
WARSAW, Wednesday, .an. 1."..
(Hy the Associated Pi ess..) The Oer
maiis have refused lo receive at
Bialystok. Lieut. Reginald Foster, a
political agent of the American peace
commission, and Colonel VJe of the
British arm", who went to Lupikwski
on the Polish fron'ier to confer with
the commander of the German forces
there. It was their object to persuade
the Germans to guard the frontier
against the boNheviki.
Lieutenant Foster and Colonel
Wade received the reply that if t'ley
attempted to pass over the frciaier
they would be regarded as enemies
by the German sentinels. Foster and
Wade have reported the action of the
Germans to their respective govern
ments. f
F;:1bp Home-
4
si.
Z-A Ths Secret of Their Beauty
It is health, robust health, that is responsible for the K-rtuvky
girl's good looks. If she gets sic. she procee-.ts tn cet well. Possessed
of health, she knows that personal charm and attractiveness need not
worry, i ney are ners. i nar is me
The story ef JIis. Hattie H.ntnl
ton. SIT Myrtle Avenue. Latoni i
Kentucky, is typkM. She sivs: I
have never in all n.y life, ui.til ie
contly, veiirhctl over I'v2 pouiv.s.
Finally, I l.tn.tn lo t 'ko lVruna.
My wlvbt now in 1 2. AVhile T
.ulVi rciUy i.t t tl it, I ! ive Maiie i
n li'f third luMtlt'. fV ruri i n.tn
-rtainly ilon tn- ;i i:rat I 1 o!
K'mmI ami I n-' otium'ijil it to ;nv
frltmlji. SfV. r.il r inking ir.
It jm vurpriN.nt; he immui.t of do
ppiitietirr plat-Mi l.v woi.hii -ve'-v
lierv upon In. li.irt ti ur V or'lcl
Kair.nu I Vt 'ina. Kor frf v.rtv
,iv. . ' . '
m ', . a u'' ' ! 11
ail catarrhal iiillaunnatii-n wla-theri
Copper Queen Hotel and High-Class Cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month. $45.00
HENRY POITEN, MANAGER
in1
i:
were vsaonz
tLa other notabltsj
jrgsest.
NEW YORK PAPER
DENIES PRINTING
DAMAGING STORY
(Continued rrom lace On)
uri correspondent does not make of
hi own authority the statement which
the president, according to Premier
Clemenceau, characV'rized aa an
, abominable falsehood." He merely as
;scrts fiat there was such a rumor
afloat in the chamber of deputies.""
t DELI VER FARM TOOLS.
(Hy Krvievr I-as'il Wire)
PKUi'lN. Thursday. Jan. 16. I'nder
the terms of the prolongation of the
armistice Germany must deliver by
rebruary 17 some otS.OOO agricultural
machines of various kinds.
As a guarantee for the fulfillment
of the demands the entente also re
serves the rig'ji to occupy the sector
of the fortress ot Strassbourg formed
by lue fortitications on th-? right bank
o the Rhine, together with a atrip
of territory from five to ten kilo
meters in fVont of it.
DONOVAN LEADS JERSEY CITY
(P.v Itevtew Icanefl TVire)
NF.W YORK. Jan. 17 Bill Donovan,
former manager of the New York
Americans and coach last year for the
Detroit Americans, wad s'gned tonight
as m iuagcr of the Jersey City Inter
national league team for the coming
season.
CHICAGO DEFEATS IOWA
CHICAGO. Jan 17 Chicago defeat
; ed Iow a :il to 1! tonight in a western
conference basketball game.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
V
IT
Looking theL' Ceit al! "ha Tiae U the Chief Eojiaeu
cf th- Blue Grass Bcllss.
secret
t the rexiitiato? y s"tem. stotrt th
or o:her oan ni put of 1e hrf1r.
.T;.' m u.il of rpiuiia fr neir'.y
li,.!f ctT' iiy ts i M'irtltnsr one.
Thlj.-aMitM Ikivo iiroVt'rd un1
1.1 y to ii- ti'.i i vt'loviB n:nt. Vnma
ts s'li rery iirre. May pur-
-h:i.f.l ir, rtui.r li-iuiti or Uhlrt
fonn. Yi-;ir lM)r h;i it. ,Hk tor
Tr. IlirtnMfi's wtl-kmu"n pnina
Tot 'r. I not iia- pi n i.'.i,it itiit
or wt.TM. ; juM as KootL " lnsit
1; nu ;tr irk .ind tifrr:"- trm
a v w ti U''Vt, v riu- t '- Y
i"-,a I'mi lv. i:. ( o: p:ihu,
'hiu. lor t". II ti tni.ui n Mci.tit
' ' . ' ' a ; r- .in;! miy
you. .sk your dealer lor
1'eruna Almanac THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1919.
FIVE
I J
V
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the- rate of. 1 cent ler word for each
issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach
The Review oli'ice not later than 8 p. m. lor Insertion the next morning.
Male Kelp Wanted
Dye Works.
9:10 :
WANTED Live solicitor. Old Castle
Rock studio. Tombstone canyon. 966
Female Help Wanted
WANTED A young girl
work, part of day only.
for hotue
l'hone 649.
943 :
WANTED Chambermaid. Apply Cop
per Queen hotel. 937
Positions Wanted
i
WANTED Position as chaufi'eur by
ii around auto mechanic. First
v ..j relereuces. Address Box 662,
e. 10
A...iiICAX GIRL Will care for cb.il
uren eveaiugs. -Box 1032, Bisbee.
967
WANTED Position as maid, also
take bundle work home. All work
guaranteed. Phone 492. Daisy Gar
land, colored- 870
For Sale
FOR SALE Will sell my household
goods, five rooms complete, fumed
oak and of A-l quality, if taken as
they stand. Buyer has privilege of
renting house, one of best in city
and very desirable location, garage
with house. Address, G. E. N., care
Review. dh-tf
FOR SALE 12 room apartment house
conipietely furnished- Price reason
able. 163 Opera Drive. Phone Blue
711. 942
PY1R il P-Viva rnnm hiiiisu rrm-
tuti. SALt. rive room nouse com-
pieteiy lurnisnea wun oatn. nice-
... ..... -
lawn with shade trees. 'bo0 will
buy this home. Sixth house from ,
car stop, an Dyke street, Warren. ;
9 1
FOR SALE OR TRADE Five passen-
ger Studebaker car, good condition.
A bargain. $300. Will consider a dia-
mond. Henry Niniitz. at Phelps'
Dodse company. :o
FOR SALE My ranch and stock ;
larming icois. .ny siock consists oi
dairy cows, two mules, one horse,
one oi ine iiuesi caiue rauciies in i
the county, open range and relin
quishment of 640 acres of land, some j
of it under cultivation. Buy stock I
unu liuiirovemema iu reniKjuiMu
land. Reason for selline fortunes of
war. Will sell cheap if taken at
once. L. A. Lngle, Box lio2. 941
ron CAT J.- Vila tiuuunvur Uni.lr I
-little six. See Shidulor on the Jitnev i
service.
958 !
FOR SALE Five room house with
bath, pantry and wash house. Apply
Mr. Gilbert, 50 Laundry hill. 5X5
FOR SALE Cheap, my home, orch
ard, well, garage, lot 150x100, by
Garlield school, Tombstone canyon.
O. G. Kirchner. 913
FOR SALE 1918 model -85- Over-!
laiid, cheap.
See Gates, room 48,
Lowell hotel.
9U9
FOR SALE Four rooms of good turn
iture, almost new, for half price
Leaving town. Call at South Bisbee i
store. 912
FOR SALE Overland "six," seven
passenger, run 4S0O tniies, new bat
teries and magneto. Will trade for ,
roadster. H. F. M.f care Review, j
874
FOR SALE French
Ozark.
range.
App!y
8 1 u
FOR SALE Prospect 21 per cent cop-j
per for $1000. Call at Sunset "house,
City. 904 ;
FOR SALE Six room house, furn-!
ished or unfurnished. Large garage, j
Terms. loS Upper Lowell. j:4 j
FOR SALE Furniture for five room j
nouoe. 0- A Brewery (iulch. S4
FOR SALE Kentucky sorghum mo
lases, at G. O. Btanson's, Johnson
addition. Just arrived. 832
FOR SALE OK RENT 160 acres of
land 011 Naco road, near Don Luis.
Five room house, all necessary out
buildings in good r pair; also furni
ture for sale. Extra good quality,
same as new. Will sacrifice lor im
mediate sale. J. H. King, P. O. Box
838. Phone 802-F-ll. S39
FOR SALE 160 acres of potanle
ground, lots of water. Four room
house and fence. Sulphur Spring
alky. Apply P. O. Box lti'.'j. 8:;s
FOR SALE Furniture for 24 rooms,
live two-room airartniects, 14 sleep
ing rooms, in Star Williams rooming
house, opposite city park on Brew
ery avenue. Mrs. George N. Wolfe.
809 j
FOR SALE Ford touring car A i 1
condition. Price $450. Terms ar-!
ranged. Apply Ford Eiag'-'. John-1
sou audition. 747 ;
FOR SALE Two lots n Oregon'
sin--!, one on Chicago avenue, Lo-j
well, Johnson addition, each 30xt .
feet. Address M. J. Greelian, Ouk-,
land, Calif, General delivery. 873 j
FOR SALE Uncalled for suits.
Levin. I.owcil. Ariz.
FOR SALE-Four-plate Dangh-r 'ga.s j
range, good as new. P. O. Box 218K. j
FOR SALE - Prospect 21 pi r cent cop- .
per for t!,M"t. Call at Sunset limine.!
Citv. V,9 '
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
For Rent
FOR RENT Three room furnished
house. Winwood addition. 999
FOR RENT Two furnished
No. 27 Johnson addition.
rooms,
99S
; FOR RENT -'
rociiis. No
- Two housekeeping
children. 49 O. K.
993
street.
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished for
light housekeeping. 80 Moon ave
nue. Phone 645. 997
FOR RENT Two nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms. 12 Jiggerville.
8
FOR RENT Two rooms for house
keeping. Iight3 and water furnished.
No. 1 Higgins hill. 12
FOR RENT Two
keeping rooms.
Brewery avenue.
furnished house
Mrs. Maffio, 89
963
FOR RENT Two room furnished
apartment, cement house, back of El
Paso house. 965
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. Apply next to Hayes house.
Tombstone canyon. 971
FOR RENT Furnished room for one
or two gentlemen. 157 Opera Drive.
96S
FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms. 1S8 Naco ro:id, op
posite Holbrook stop. Phone Blue
562. 917
FOR
RENT Two housekeeping
rooms partly furnished. Holbrook
stop, 187 Naco road. 991
FOR HtNT Furnished rooms. Elliott
flats. Clawson hill, close in. 957
rutt, Rt.M r our luriusueu luums.
.
, iiTiQirv nil M .
' . H
nc-VTTk,0 tiohj ko,,lnral historv th cost, the encvclo-
keeping rooms 1SS Naco road op.iPeedic facts, the industrial crises, the I
pQsjte Hol5rook stop Phone Blue inventions, the every phase of war
652. 917 'and its times. It offers liberally of
FOR RENT Four rooms and bath,
concrete house. No children. L. R-trip to Europe. The terms of armis-;
Allen, Locklin avenue. 860'tice are given, along with Mr. Wil-,
'son's fourteen points suggested for
run i nouseseeping rooms,
I Branson block, Johnson addition.
o ouiureu. iooi
-
FOR RENT Large office r9m' oodie iZ .Worid". wwert
w-uuwu. hij ms"!
estate. Office, Allen block.
Lost
LOST Bunch of keys. Return to Box
10U, City. Reward. 945:
To Lease
TO
LEASE Nino room house, good
location, on car line, Bisbee. Wal
lace Agency. 992
Miscellaneous
SEND NAME AND ADDRESS
free copy of Holbrook, Arizona, Tri
bune; read about the coming oil
boom and land opportunities. Ad
dress, Thomas, Globe, Ariz. 996
PHILLIP DOFFMAN, THE TAILOR
Ladies' and gents' suits to order,
made in my own shop. Have a nice
collection In goods and trimmings, j
No. 8 Alien block. Phillip Doffman. j
962 .
!
GOSSARD CORSETS
FOR SALE i
From $2 up. All corsets carefully j
fitted. Ines Warburton, next Art- i
zona Grocery store, upper Main. 433 :
WRITE TO "V. M. C. A. School, Los !
Angeles," about Auto, Radio. Com-i
mercial and Engineering courses. !
Train for service 268 ;
SCECOND HAND CLOTHES Bought, j
Phone 739, City Dye Works. 604 '
BUNDLES OF OLD PAPERS At the j
Review office.
25c.
Large bundles, price
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per-
sonal note to salaried men and wo
men, also on furniture. Cox Loan j
company. Room 7, Sparks Kline !
building. 166 1
Wanted
WANTED Room by two gentlemen,
close in. Private family preferred.
References exchanged. X, care Re
view. 11
WANTED TO KENT Ford touring
car, or truck body, or other light car.
Will rent for several months at $45
per month. Address Box "C
I 'hone 246.
nr 1
915 '
I
WANTED Clean cotton rags. Review
Job department. dh-tf j
"
WANTED Furnished house or apart-;
ments. about January 21. No chil-j
ciren. Address Box L. S., Review. 964
,
SALES REPRESENTA-:
EVERY TOWN IN ARI-'
YVH WANT
I TIVES IN
ZONA Wo prefer men who have
sold r-toi k, insurance, real c:.tate,
l-ojli.s, or w ho have had 110 sales ex
perience but would lik; to develop
into salesmen. V e train every ap
plicant accepted and provide a sys
tem thiit will enable anyone who
works to make trom $75 to $1,'0 per
week. Position permanent. In ap
plying suite age, past business expe
rience, number of years you have
lived in community, and references.
Address iu 1 oiifidence. Kane .Mfg.
company, lii't; L. C. Smith building.
Seattle, Wash. :'.
Legal Notices.
ADVERTISEMENT FOR BIDS
Bids will be received by the Com
mon Council of the Citv of Bisbee.
OH, FRENCH Y!
! i.mwmm v '.V ITir ' -
2 f.i,Z
V
Poilii greeting his sweetheart.
The picture shows a French sol
dier who has survived the four years
of war against the Germans greet
ing his sweetheart in Holland. When
war broke out she flest to that coun
try, where sho would be out of
danger. The mating was their first
since she fled from France. The
poilu obtained leave to go to Holland
to see her.
COMPLETE WAR RECORD
On the cover of The World Alma.
nac fcr 1919 there is the promise' In
red letters of a "Complete War Rec-
-- - -, - - , . .
-j it i- nrnm w srleniintelv kent.
- i v
The book presents the chronology, the
President Wilson's speeches. Its rec-
Crd of events includes the Presidential
iSettlement.
v nhor n,,Mir.imn nftor n rnm.i
,.,, ,.wi iThi. bnurM
t-nnrhnnk a volume of inestimable
1 jwenh. But it is only a feature albeit
a vitally important one of a refer-
ience book rounded almost to a per
fprtinn of utilitv
'ie."" ...... 7.
In the issue for this New Year the
Almanac more than retains the full
ness of its excellence as' an up-to-date
encyclopaedia. All the customary
tables cf statistics are presented in
trade, industry, finance, education, re-'
iigion and other world affairs; as!
usual, the Almanac is a complete hand
A . -y
f . V " k
v .
. - a, 3
f 'v-J - t 5J
hi ' . e'-" i
- 3
! book' of state, national and local poll-:
: tics. !
! Tile World Almanac is published by
''''"'jTiie New York World. Trice 50 cents
postpaid.
Arizona, at a meeting to be held at
the City Hall thereof, on the 21st day
of January. 1919, at the hour of 7:30
o'clock P. M., for the following: One
2Vi ton truck with hydraulic steel
dump body, traiier attachment, with
cover over driver's seat, double chain
or worm drive, with wheel base of
from 120 to 144 inches, to be decided
K. I'n.nii.; A lii.lc Inr nnA
email unfn rnaHstpr.
a:j blds must pe accompanied by
certified check in the sum of not less
than J0 per centum of the bid. pay-
ble to ' , fJulfl
bee' conditioned for the faithful per-
frma.nce of d",ver - lf 5ce,tef y
, 1 0,.n"T 5 0.un,c '' ,a"d "'"l11, bP
M- oB said dat0- Thu
C ouncil reserves the right
Common
to reject
I any and all bids.
Dated this 10th day of January,
1919.
JACOB ERICKSON,
J Attest: M. L. BUTLER, Mayer.
i City Clerk. 853
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
"'". . H ' . . '
l.ocnise, otaie or nrizona.
Estate of Milo S. Frankovich, de
ceased. Notice is hereby given by the
I undersigned, administratrix of the
estate of Milo S. Frankovich, de
ceased, to the creditors 01 ana an per
sons having claims against the said
deceased, to exhibit them, with the
necessary vouchers within four (4)
months after the first publication of
this notice to the said administratrix
at the office of Hon. Fred Sutter, at
torney at law, Bisbee, Arizona, the
same being the place for the transac-
tion of the business of Baid estate, in
said County of Cochise.
ETTA M. MEDIGOVICH.
Administratrix of the Etate of Milo S.
Frankovich, Deceased.
Dated this 26th day of December,
1913
Kj'rst publication December 27, 191S.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
jn tf,e Superior Court in the County
of CnchiBe. State of Arizona.
Estate of William Gerstenlierg, de
ceased. Notice is h'-rcby given by the
undersigned, adniir.istr.itur ot the
estate' of William Ccrstenberi;, de
ceased, to the creditors of and all per
sons having claims against the said
decased. to exhibit, wun the neces
vouchers within ten (10) months
after the first publication of this no
tice to the said administrator at the
office of Hull. Fred Sutler, attorney
at law, Bisbte, Arizona, the same be
ing the place for the transaction of
the business of said estate, in said
County of Cochise.
P. M. lil'CKWALTLR.
Administrator of the E-tate of Wil
liam GcrsK'iihcrs, Deceased.
Dated this 26th day of December.
l.US.
First publication December t7, 191.
jj Mining and Financial News
jj 8V REVIEW LEASED WIRE
.'.'.V YORK. Jan. 17. C'cnsidera
c international condition in ti
;.'a's stock market served ab an ex
cuse for the extension of bearish op-i-.apjr.s.
Reports of further curtail
ment ol ou'put ln important lines of
Industry and pessimistic statements
of labor leaders gave momentum to
the setback.
In addition to these developments
were the unofficial advices bearing
adversely upon the Mexican situation
and the trend of the investigation
now progressing at Washington in
connection with the railroads.
Oils ani affiliated shares were un
der persistent pressure, Mexican pe
troleum making a gross recession of
10 points.
Losses of 1 to 4 points in steels,
equipments and coppers were trace
abie to more definite reports indicat
ing further cessation of activity at
sources of production. Shippings, to
baccos and sugars were impaired 1 to
3 points and utilities fell back.
Dealines in rails were nominal, but
sufficient to effect averaze declines
a point in representative shares,
i "f!e ' one conspicuously strong issue
was. Hide and Leather preferred,
which advanced 3 points. The sales
amounted to 375,000.
Steadiness was the one noteworthy
feature of the moderate dealings in
bonds, changes being of the most
trivial character. Sales, par value,
aggregated $10,275,000. Old United
States coupon and registered 2s lost
4 cn bid and the .coupon 4s 14 per
cent.
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jam, 17 Lead Un
changed; spot, unchanged
fpelter Unchanged.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17. Cotton
closed steady at a net decline of 12
to 23 points on the old crop, while
the new crop was 1 to 20 points
higher.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 17. Northern Iowa
reports of a free movement of the
crop tended today to put the bulls at
a disadvantage in the corn market.
Prices closed unsettled, o net lower
to Uc advance, with February at
$1.334 to $1.33 and May $1.28 to
$1.28'i. Oats gained c to 9c. The
outcome in provisions was unchanged
to 27c higher.
Corn prices fluctuated sharply and
there was rather a broad trade. Many
sellers here who were influenced by
the Nortl em Iowa reports did not
appear to understand until just be
fore the close that corn from that
section was coming to Chicago, and
that the prices obtained had been de
cidedly above the Chicago batis. Au
tl.oiimive knowledge on the subject,
however, brought about a rally just
at the finish. Strength which char
acterized the market al the opening
and at various times later seemed to
be principally due to- advices that
focussed attention on the urgency of
transatlantic nted of big supplies of
food. Adverse weather impairing
country roads received also a good
deal of notice.
Signs of investment demand helped
to strengthen oats. Exporters, though,
v ei o si' id to be still out of the market
Provisions averaged higher as the
result of commission house buying'
and short covering. The best call
was for ribs.
Closing quotations January 17, 1919.
(L. J. Overlook. Broker.)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda, ex. div
Ann. Can
58 V.
47
89
60
Amu.
A mn.
Anm.
Amu.
Car
Loco
Smelter
Su?ar
112
718
i t
53rS
36
15S
54
5SrB
51 'i
16
59 -i
124'
99'i
64 Vi
24",
103
43
173i
73
917
80
74?8
71 Ts
49
91
115
39
99U
34 7S
192
127V
41
36
Baldwin
Beth. B
C. & O
C. F. & I
Canadian Pacific .
Crucible
Central Leather ..
Distillers
Erie
Goodrich
General Motors . .
InJ. Alcohol
Lackawanna
Marino
Marine pfd
Mid vale
Mexican Petroleum
N. Y. C
Northern Pacific .
Reading
Rubber
Republic Steel
Studebaker
Steel
Steel pfd
St. Paul
Southern Pacific .
Sinclair Oil
Texas Oil
Union Pacilic ....
U. S. M
United Motors
Wcstinthoiise
41"j
sr. I
4:!i ,
4 i
11 3
17'.
tin
l:!2 1
so !
44 I
3.- ,
BOSTON.
A dv cn tu re
Alloilez . . .
Alaski
Az. Coinl.
Bu't" .. .
C. A . ..
C. A H
i:. r.i i.'e .
Ci;ii-y . . .
Im. .111. . .
Gold.'iel.i . ,
llii( ( k . .
Indian.) . . .
Inspiration
Kv 111:1 ott
lake ... .
I.j Salle .
M'anil . . .
.Mcli.ivk .
Alavtlower
N. Illltte .
Nip
Olll I'M III
Osceola . . ,
4 I
"-'"I
"i
.'.
2 I
"-I
Pond Ck 13
Quincy 60
Shalt uck 13 k
Shannon 3
Superior Boston 2 3
St. Marys 46
Utah Copper 73
Utah Con 8i
Winrna . . . . 100
CURBS.
A. & A 11
Ariz. Bins li
Ariz. Sil. King
Big Ledge 100
Butte & London 18
Cal. & Jer V
Cornelia ... 16Vi
Con. Copper ovs
Con. Ariz IVi
Cosden TVs
Cres3on Gold S
Curtiss 13
Denn 16Vi
Dundee 100
Emma S
Federal Oil 2
Gad3den 3
Green Monster
Grand Island iS
Hull 40
Howe Sound 4Vi
Hecla 4Vi
Iron Caps 16
J. Verde Vi
Magma Copper 28
Magma Chief Vt
Miami Con. 10
Mines of America
Okmulgee 2
Porphyry SO
Ray Here 2Va
Tom Reed 16S
Tuolomne 85
U. Eastern 4V4
Verde Ex 34
Verde Combn
Wol. Ariz 2
West End 1H
White Caps 15
OATMAN.
(By Collins A Bretherton.)
Argo .06 .07
Adams 02 .03
Arizona Rex .15
Ariz.-Tom R 03
Pig Jim Con 06 .07
Boundary Cone .02
Gold Ore .' 03 .04
Gold Road Bon 02 .04
Gold Cliff .15
Lucky Boy 05 .06
Sunnyside 03 .06
Telluride 11 .14
Torn R-J-Jd 1.66 1.68
United Eastern 4.23 4.37
United Western 02 04
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 2.87 3.00
Green Monster C7 .44
Butte London j4 .16
Dundee 87 1.00
Venture Hill 02 .04
Pitts-Jerome 10 .12
Jerome Verde 45 .50
Ark-Arizona ... 10 .11
Jerome Portland .17
Ins-Needles 06 .12
Hull Copper 35 .40
Magma Chief 12 .25
Wolv-Arizona 2.00 2.06
Verde Combination V0 .75
Miami Consolidated 02 .05
Verde Squaw .50
Kay Copper .52
Nacozari Consolidated ... .40
Con. Cop. Mines 5.S7 6.00
Porphyry 50 .80
Cal. & Jerome 44 .50
Feather River ., .12
ANONA CLUB MEETS
AND CHANGES DATE
One new member of the Anona club
was added at the regular meeting of
the' club with Miss Laura Funkhauser
in Warren Tuesday when Mrs. Ralph
Verfurth was initiated.
The date of the meetings was
changed from every other Tuesday to
every other Monday afternoon. Misses
Evelyn and Edith Kennedy will en
tertain the club at their home in War
ren at the next meeting which will
be held January" 27.
Following the business of the meet
ing Tuesday refreshments of chocolate
and cake were served to the Misses
Maud Brazil. Florence Buckett, Mar
garet Caretto, Evelyn Kennedy, Edith
Kennedy, Jennio Warren, Mrs. A. Rid
dle, Mrs. M. G. Lusa, Miss Edna Kel
ly and Mrs. Raljih Verfurth.
The anniversary dance which was
to have been held January 21, has
been postponed on account of the in
fluenza epidemic and will be given
February 14 should the quarantine on
dances have been lifted by that time.
Corring Events
Cast Their Shadows
Prepare Now lo Withstand th Criufa
ro not nntlcipf-te? villi e (t!niil'ierir7 ilr'.id
lit henntrful evc:.t tf iiu.ioirt:i. Y-""i
kvi id (ii"a-.nmfTrt dui-in tt.. jr-!il r. i
str.ini rt tho frtt i by rr .li-.i- imr :- 1
a!i(J pnttinff iiu.'-cf fiilcuniu c:inditioa
to net tha time.
Frr iu-.t 1 1 t r'irrn" v. t.ct n'.l rr tvT
in every :lk tit life, h. v? r. c I f
pvr lulf a crntiiry t'o time-honirc l itn I
fan"Mi5 rcr1,. iothcr' Yic n-1. It prr
larcil to rio tbo motlOT-tn-bo t'i"t Uirft
help sh? rretH. T1' imisr!e., nrrvr. ti-d-iis
and coril nro minlj lind tt iwilt and
rin-lic. linn tr:ii;i n ironic I. ami b
remilt T' mmyv', r-iisci, briruijjluw.'i
find ftrHihinir pain ro nMMct.
'iTw olMlominal m:iM'k' eip.'n.l i'ly nixl
pit!y hn hr?br i Iwrn. Natvirnlly, pmn
in l And to bur pre fewrr. Hie fry. ten
prt parol an l tho crisis is one uf iuikU
K cJ..ii(fr.
V'r.!c the Uradlrlil RciiUtur Cmnpany,
TVpt !. Lam ir Iluil.llnc. Allitnl. Onrl.i,
for tlwir 1 e Ipfnl Mnthcrlw.nl lUmk. and vh
ti.lii huttli? t't M.ithrr- Irlcud from tbG
drtirtrist t'xlay. It it )ut a stjuuaij as
at vt'.'pr iihi ian thit'k of.
And rcrv-ti'ir. tlirrn k tiolWnc to ti4
the place of MOTHER'S r RiK.ND.
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the es
sential facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of
gathering will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
OlSBPt LODGE NO. 713.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
night. Moose HalLi
Visiting brother cor
dially Invited.
R. L OLEASON.
Dictator
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets every
f k .. .. i
-11 at, vuu 1
Fellow?" Hall I
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting ;
urotflers cordially Invited to attend I
H.U ph..n 11! j
..wlfcU tUSlALfc, sec v
Pr I 1-11AN SISTERS
Lilv 1 etii j le "No. 3 meet, every 2aa :
sod fourth Tuesday evening of each
tuoQib at Odd Fellow. HaJ Visiting
sisters are cordially inviteu.
v: INN IE liLLil. M. E C
Phone Black Sal
DA GL.ZE. M. of R. C
Box 147i
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie !
No. 175, F. O.
1 ' nfirnii. I days, 8 p. m.,
f, Eagles' Halt
fST I:-9 Visitors cor-
VJi dl.lly wel-
come.
EDWIN OLLERENSHAW. Pres.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDM L'NDSON. Aerie Physician
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I. Homestead 80s, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vich ball. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
F. W. TURNER. Foreman,
Phone Black 46S.
P. O. Box 981. Warren.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent. Box 1496.
WEEK ENDING JANUARY 18, 1919.
Monday
Tuesday
3rd Degree.
THOMAS HARGI3, W. It.
B. T. W ATKINS. Sec'y F. & A. M.
W. R, BANKS, E. H. P.
X. C. BLEDSOE. T. I. M.
J. L. POWELL. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
L. O. L. NO. 210.
meets in t O
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY ai
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
era cordiaib
Invited to at
tend. WM. T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
an DYE WORKS
Ganing & Pressing
Phone 739.
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds. Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
Chicken Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED (MFY
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
L H. Hi) (j A IN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
CJLHOGAN
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
1
!
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bona LudKr
Si &nlgiiu 01 fu.. .
n m Visfrina hrotbr
cordially inTited
v
JACK CAIN, C. C.
A fc, Ale. ALLL'M. K.of k 6
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalter Ruler
C. W. HICKS. Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m., Finnish hall.
D. C. SAXBY. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
OROER OP EASTERN STAR
, 1 meets in Masonic hal
.'-rJ Pearl Chanter. 'n C mai
in Masonic Hall second anr
fourth Tuesday of act
month at 7:3 p m
MRS. HELENA RAGSDALE, W. M..
Phone 500.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Secy. P. O
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
, Meets in I. O O F
Kali First and Third
Saturdays. Vlsitts
brothers welcome.
J. L. BENTON. Councillor.
P. L. WOODMAN. Jr.. Rec. Secy.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. a
Bisbee Lodge No
452 meets the 2d
and 4th Satur
days each month
at 7:30 at New
Odd F e 1 lows'
Hall. Visiting members cordially in
vited. JULIA POOLE. President.
Phone 27S.
GEO. POOLE. Treas., P. O. Box 2229.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
"iy Bisbee Camp No. 134U
Meets 1st Saturday
Uedigovich HalL
S. T. MOSS. Consul.
A F. MATHEWSON
Clerk.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
O K ST.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully 8ollc)tt Your
Patronage -
PHONE 5S
J
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE"
A. OWERS. Mgr., Bakervilla
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 58.
1
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
VV e Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bid?., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
1 w
1
3
IP
I SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1919.
m
CITY BRIEFS
Has any one visited you? Or hare
you entertained? If so, call The
Review Socie'y PJdilor, Black 6S1.
terday afternoon to be in attendance ;
at the drawing of trial jurors for the
approaching term of court, as is re
quired by law. He will return late to-1
day. !
ford. 111. Funeral arrangements have , James Allison, D.idK-y pleaded guilty
not been made pending word from and paid a fine of $10 uliieh was
the brothers. Miss Peterson had assessed by the court,
been in the emulov of the Copper
guoen hotel fqr some tinia
OVER FROM TOMBSTONE.
TRAFFIC OFFICER ILL.
Trafti'j (ii.id r A. Keese is ill at hi3
home.
'MISS COWAN ILL. ; JANUARY PAYMENT DUE.
i .Miss Jeanette Cowan of the Shat-j The January payment of the Vic-
'tuck-Arizona Mining company offices', tory boys on their war woik subscrip-1 and h r sist
is very ill at ner Home in warren. thins Is due and payatne. 1 ne victory
i b: ys did fine work in the drive for J BACK FROM NAVY.
' BOSWELL ILL. funds, tripling the quota assigned to i Koscoe ('. Johnson, formerly a inger
Mrs. George lliavin is in the dis
trict Irom Tombstone visit viv hr
mother, "irs. Initltr, of I pier Lowell
Mr-.. Chi'iles Wiles.
HMD COLORED S""'; A1
mutiny VI II CCA.
M DIED mBcroc He Faces
Business Locals
IS IN SAN D: EGO.
Mrs. 1). C. Minton is on a
San Diego.
I C. W. Boswell of the Pdsbee Auto them.
company, was unable to attend to his :
risit in ! duties yesterday on account of an at-: MISS ARAI2A ILL.
i nick of la grippe. I Miss Teresa Arazia
TO L03 ANGELES.
Mrs. W. A. .Meyer and family have
gone to Los Angdes.
is ill at her
I I h line on Wiro ro:;d suf ferine wish an
RECOVERS FROM FLU. 'attack of la grippe. Miss Araiza is a
j Miss Helen Lyford of Opera Drive. . member of the sales force at the Pair
' has recovered from an attack of in- store.
! fltiin inrl ha, rncnmad h or nncifin.i
FROM COUNTY SEAT.
Charlie Blackmail of Tpmbstone,
was an arrival in the city yesterday.
'at the Lyric theater.
IS ILL AT HOME.
.miss .tianei nower is suiieriug wua i tiIsin,-?s interes t
an attack of influenza at her home. i
"UNCLE j;M" IN DOUGLAS.
J. A. Finney, Sr., better known to
his many friends as "Uncle Jim" Fin
ney, is in Douglas looking after his
there.
MISS LUCERE ILL.
VICTIM OF INFLUENZA. ! Miss Cleotilde Lucere of the J. C.
R. M. Moncrief of Don Luis, is suf- 1 Penny company store, was unable to
fering -with an attack of influenza atjptttnd to her duties at the store yes
his heme. i terday cn account of illness.
ENGINEER RECOVERING.
County Highway Engineer J. C.
Ryan, who has been suffering with an
attack of influenza, is recovering.
The quarantine under which he was
placed has been removed.
J'inciio'i mine, ha returned
ni Mare Island, where l i- was
i John i'.apilste. ;
a negro, :,s;ed annul
i i'i years a residei.; .'
UNABLE TO REPORT.
Miss Agnes Borrego, who was ap
pointed clerk to Representative Hirry
Sealey at the convening of the state
legislature, was unable to attend the
session on account of the illness of
her mother.
r known as "Bat," j
!'d ears, and lr
1 Arizona, da! in.; i
II iif which tine.1 ! was I lie body;
Cniled states naval tiaining M.,.van, r (,,;. jj,., n. shiM-hter oi
He has resumed his old p.ui-1 i:,.rliardi110 r.ni.h. 1C miles east j
" 'of Douglas, died yesterday ai tne
;-! t'i,lit( r ranch, n iter a brief illni -s j
i.f L.iwei trailble. Ills funeral v.iir be I
h dtl in Doughs Sunday, the pastor of j
the diced church liter- officiating.
News of tie? o J !'.' !-,';. u;;th ci: me j
ai a rief to many fcisd.'e. '!'.' w:::!
had known hitn for many jears.
Bern in tue days of -i-iwry. l'.a
lis -.;:J nil parents be!onrt'-l to the
1; e liter family. Wr.tvi, f.s 1ST'.', fol-
at the
lier f!
in th
school,
lion.
IS LOCAL VISITOR.
Mrs. J. V.. Simpson is thj gue.st of
Mrs. Jennie Warren. Majer Simpson,
husband of Mrs. Si:.lpson. has been
stationed at Nogales with the Teutn
cavalry, but is being transferre I to
Pert Hu:".ruca.
BATEMAN BACK HOVE.
M. A. Bt-.tomau, foi aicriy a sampler ; c,-iri slaughter came to .Vrlzona from
at the Brigcs shaft of the C. a. A. t. r.:-. Baptise came with him. From
company, hr.s returned hve from : i.at da ' uni; his death. "Bat" rarely other employment. He received ecni-
Oimp Ktnvton titer having received v.;is set, ai.. ted Irom .hi? patron and
his discharge from the fervne and cv pi over.
has rej'ipie. ins old positiot
That $7.'l" was not a great enough
amount to appear on the face of a pay
check given him by the El Paso &
Southwestern system for work done
by him on one of the system's section
gangs, and that an additional jl'i could
be realized from the cashing of th"
sa,e check, was the decision reached
Saturday by I). Hernandez when he is
alleged to hare raised a check and pre
sented it for payment at th" Ie.vell
Drug eomp.i'.y. The check wis hen
ord but toitay Hernandez is behind
the bars in the Lowell jail
Hernandez had been working on a
Feet ion gang on the E. P. & S. W. nen:
Brvnardino but quit his work there
and came to Bisbee Saturday seeking
BLACKSMITH COAL
Just unloaded one car of Ajax
smithing coal. Bropliy Curriate com
pany, Lowell. .ri"i2
NOTICE
Electrical wiring pp-ir,;
P C. Lyman. Phone ori
Bisbee.
y do tie, by
rs j l-'.i.
Dr. Playfalr. Osteop 9;
Illll. Miseii cut mop Fl.'Oiie 1!
Matron
m- CtT
NOTICE
Mrs. W. M. Wittig b::: opruod hair
dressing parlors at her residence on
Hoveland street. V.'urrm. neur Cr'e;i
ivay school. Full line of V arrititlio
preparations Ph' iu1" B!u SM. xTO
I.. I.. ;ilHU.n Sel' the
'The I hoiie-iii-ia Wl'h
A S-.'i! '
:su.
I RCCKHILL'tj STAGE
pensntion for his work in the form of n-.suee-.omumone. leaves
.. ,ir.,.-n nr. ,i i.,.l Btsbee Auto coiri;.ar.y. 7:4.". a
PIERCE IN CITY. WOODMAN CIRCLE MEETS.
James Pierce, a well known travel-1 The regular meeting of Copper
ing man of Ihoenix. is in the city for! Queen Grove. No. 32, Woodman Circle,!
a short time.
BACK TO TOMBSTONE.
Miss Emma Bishop, who has been
visiting in Lowell, will return to
Tombstone today.
ASKS FOR ADDRESSES.
Any one knowing the present ad-
was held at 7:30 o'clock last night at ; dress of Frank C. DeLucas. Julius
th? Finn hall in Johnson addition. Bambas or Mrs. Dolly (Jailing will con-
i fer a favor upon the local Red Cross
HUACHUCA WATER MAN. . by calling at the Library b'tilJing or
Mr. and Mrs, A. E. Davis of Tomb-! telephoning 3S0.
stone, spent yesrerday in Bisbee. Mr. j
INEW MERCHANTS' POLICE.
Jay F. Wilmoth, havi tg received his
ccti.niissKii! as deputy I nited States
marshal here, has resigned his posi
tion as merchants' pollcman. He
wr.s succeeded )y I. on Schnarr, a well
known resident. Mr. Schnarr at
surced his d.it'es last night.
Bravery we; a raark'-d ciiaracter- ms a one nerore tne sevtn tie received y'
i- or trie o ;1 man and in mo stirrins pajiiieiii oi ?ii.ai. i-vieccion ui uie
Phone Biseee
Bisbee.
in . i . r.o
!T.
j Davis is owner of the Huachuca Water I MASONS WANT INFORMATION.
FOSTER IS ILL. i company, which supplies the county) During the last lew days, several
Tom C. Foster, chief deputy sheriff seat. I telegrams addressed to Sgt. T. Alex-
at Lowell, was ill yesterday,
confined to his home.
being
MRS. HARTMAN ILL.
Mrs. Joe Hartman of I'ppor Tomb
stone canyon i very ill suffering with , arrived in the city yesterday
an attack of influenza. I short visit.
ander in care of the Masonic club.
OVEP FROM DOUGLAS. ' 'have been received. Sergeant Alex-
J. E. Evans, who has ben stationed j ander is not known at the club and to
man and his
in Douglas with the V. M. C. A. mi'.i- j formation as to the
tary branch at Camp Harry J. Jones, whereabouts is desired.
for a i
STORK VISITS.
I
TOO MUCH JOY.
Too great a load of liquid joy aboard
at one time caused the arrest of L.
.urn r- r fl CMI m P
lYiido re i cnoun utc
Mr and Mrs. T. B. Sessions of Wpr-; Miss Anna Mary Peterson, 27 years ;M. Dudley on the charge of disturb-
len were vifited by the stork Wed-j old, died at 6 o'clock yesterday morn-. ing the peace cf Lowell. Following
nesday and were left a baby boy. j ing at the home ol her sister, Mrs. (his arrest Dudley told Deputy Sheriff
;C. E. Johnson, on Warren hill, follow-! Jack Ryan that lie had gotten what
TO COUNTY SEAT. , ing an attack of influenza. Besides !the bootlegger called mescal, "But,
I. C. E. Adams, chairman of the her sister. Miss I'eterson is survived 4reW,-1 think XPK. poisoned." When
county board of supervisors, left yes-1 by two brothers who reside in Rock-Ibrought before Justice of the Peace
TODAY
Continuous:! to 11 p. m.
TODAY
Harold Lloyd Comedy
"TliS City Slicker"
SPECIAL MUSIC
BY GRIBBLE'S
6-PIECE
ORCHESTRA
V3L FOX PRESENTS
MTiX7
-ui-
A QUICK ACTION PLAY OF THE ALASKAN
CANADIAN BORDER
tip
Ft -'IP 'I.
Ace High is a thriller; it is full of the big humaaous, for which the west is justly famous.
It shows the good and bad men and draws the line sharp
WITH ACTION FROM TITLE TO SIZZLING CLIMAX
ADMISSION: Children, 10c; Adults 15c; Reserved, 25c; This includes the war tax.
s when i lie Apache Indians were
the warpath in ihis state and
i ii'-.n So!!ora, re n.: I many lignt
raising was made immediately attT
the transaction and officers were no
tified. The matter was referred to li.
CARPENTERS NEEDED.
Carpenters and painters for con !
s'ruction work at Fort Huachuca ate!
urgently needid, -according to the:
construction qnarteiL.aster at the 1
post, who is advertising lor work
men. 'An inducement of a salary of!
$100 per month is being c-f'r-red. '
lioard is ottered at $1S per month. '
i-
c .1
.!Oi , ii''. n solera, re n.: i many ngins ,
a,i -i aiivc;iHi!'.'s with the r il men. j T. lrvington. special officer of the
His iis notable expbdt was driving railroad with offices in this city, who
a f ur-l.crsi- team alone into the j received a description of the man from
heai'i. of rhi Apache co i.it ry to rescue j his former sectioii foreman. The ar
the hedies cf two white men who had rest was made yesterday morning
l -::n murd'-red. This he did, bring- when Officer lrvington located Her- j
ing their bodies to l oniu.uone, wnere j nanaez worKing wirn me iorce laying
C !" ie! slaughter was sheriff. the new track in the Bisbee yards.
NIGHTS OF C0LUV3US DANCC
At the Penny ha!! Saturday. Jur.ui.ry
IS. Adinisison $1. Larger tin' irod
the bi tter. !';
MRS. SHERRILL LEAVES.
Mrs. V. A. Sherrill. -.ho was in the
Phelps Dodge hospital here following
an operation, has recovered suffi
ciently to le;:vc the institution and re
turn to Tombstone. Mr. Sherill. wlu
is assistant clerk of the beard of
supervisors, came here to meet her
and accompany her lioni
Nc better attention could l ave been
i h(-:i a member of tne family than
was acton'.! d the old nero by his em-
p'oyeis V. '!'.! :i his illness to k a turn i
for the worse two days b fore his .
c;'a:!i. a traii."l t:urse and the serv-1
ices of;, doctor were procured for him. j
l util his fatal illness, hi-! rugged j
physii,ue had been a matter of wo.ider
to tl ot,e aTotind him.
"'Old Pat' was very fait'.iful and
we feci :;j l':;ii'ah we had lost u mem-!
be.- tf the family." "aid Mrs. Slaugh
ter lav nii:h: wiie.i she was called by
telephone. '1 firmly believe that he
w ; lo.ej by ir.ore people than the
majority t.i uh are. H was as bra ve
in !.' thi'iacter was beautiful."
Disposition of the case 'Rill not be
made until the return of Judge J. L.
Winters, who is now in Tucson on
business.
NOTICE
Commencing January 2'' I will sill
ell groceries at cost price. Strict!."
cash. Come in and look at the prices.
9.18 CCS Hlt KEY.
Painter end Paper Hanging, Signs.
C. J. BRANDT
Bos 130 27 Broadway. Phone 435.
BURRO POLICE ROUNDS
UP ANIMALS FOR CITY
ar-
LIEUTENANT YOAKUM HERE.
First l.ieut. Emit Yoakum has
rived here from Camp Jackson to ;
visit his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jess,? i
Ycakuni of Warren. Lieutenant Yoa-i
kum leaves here in a few days lor;
Los Angeles, where he will resume
the position he left when be joined i
the army. I
CITY IS CONTINUING
As a result of their apparently be
ing idle in the meaning of the city or
dinances. Horace Taylor, Charles C.
Collins. Arthur Chapman and William
C. Ha'dy, negroes, were brought be-
SHEA IN CITY.
Jack Shea, probably the oldest trav-
! eling man on the road "making" ISis-
I bes. arri. o l here yesterday. Mr. dnea t
(represents a ciar house. He is I fore Judge John W. Hogan yesterday
I watching peace developments with I afternoon for trial. Following a hear
; particular interest as he has two sons!'" w,I"n two we,' convicted and two
in France, both being in the medical
A new city official was added to the
list when M. Jaso, a Mexican, was em
ployed yesterday by City Marshal J. A.
Kempton and commisisoned as official
burro catcher of Bisbee. Jaso's first
day was highly successful as he had
six stray burros in the pound shortly
after the middle of the day and doubt
less increased the number before the
close of his "office hours."
Because some of the owners of the
i burros doubted his authority and, in
one case at least, the Mexican burro
owner tried to take a captured animal
from him, Jaso obtained a written
"commission" from Marshal Kempton.
The police soon will commence the
annual dog killing campaign, Mr.
Kempton said, all unlicensed canines
coming under the ban of the law and
being liable to immediate eiecution
wherever found.
department of the army.
PARENT-TEACHER MEETING.
Tiie Central Parent Teachers' asso
ciation will met Tuesday evening a
the Horace Mann. Jr., High school
acquitted. Judge Hogan rend the men
a stern lecture upon the evils of idle
ness. He gave the two who were or
vkted a suspended sentence upon
their promise that ih-.-y would go to
work at once. i
The roundup of idle men has -met
to
Musterole Loosens Up Those
Stiif Joints Drives Out Pain
YouH know why thousands use Mus
ttrole once you experience the glad re
lief it gives.
Get a jar at once from the nearest
drug stota. It is a clean, white ointment,
made with the oil of mustard. Better
than a mustard plaster and does ret
blister. Brings ease and comfort while
it is being rubbed on!
Musterole 13 recommended by many
doctors and nurses. Millions of jars are
used annually for bronchitis, croup, st.ff
neck, asthma, neuralgia, pleurisy, rheu
matism, lumbago, piuns ar.d aches of the
back cr joints, sprains, sore ir.usclcs,
bruises, chilblains, Xrosted feet, coids of
the cliest (it oitea prevents pneumonia).
30c and 60c jars; hospital six 52.30
at 7:30 o'clock. Mrs. Lane of the i with ext. lient results, according
Anti-Tuberculosis association will ad ! ttv .Marshal J. A. Kempton.
dress the meeting. An interesting
musical program also has been ar-
! ranged. The meeting is particularly
important as officers for the ensuing
year a-e to be chosen.
J4MwlW'-y-77-T-'r1ry:t
TOWIGHT-Gr
FIRST CAVALRY
DOT
tonight! I
I
TT -v TTT7 V fi
NEW COMMANDING GENERAL.
Brigadier General Hartinc.n scon
Recently several Mexicans convict
ed of vagrancy were given sentences
of 60 days on the road gang. Former
ly, whiie there were large numbers
of Mexicans sunning themselves
around the fence in front of the
Phelps Dod'e general office it was dif
ficult to get one to work. Since the
will arrive in Douglas to take com-! "ews ot the vagrancy roundup lias got
mand of the troops stationed in the; ten about among them, it is easy to
Arizona military district, according to- 'et assistance at any kind of labor,
an announcement in the last issne of : the marshal said.
the Army and Navy Journal. General
llartnian will not come to Arizona as
a stranger, having been stationed in I
Douglas with the Seventeenth cav- , , . ,, .
, , , (Itv R.-viow F.i-aseil Wire
airy as co.onei several years ago. He COPLW HAG F.N", Jan. IT. Maxim
will relieve Colonel Carnahan, com-1 ..,,. ,ha fnrm. r hi.isi.M-ib umhns-
EOLSHEVIKI OVERTURES.
inanuer of tne Twenty-fifth infantry,
and now anting district commander.
sador at London, has sent a note to
President Wiison declaring that the
bolshevik government of Russia is
prepared to cease iis world propa
ganda if tiie allies will agree to enter
i into peace negotiations with it, ac-
MARRIED IN PHOENIX.
The friends of Miss Linnie Page,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Houn-
tree ot this city, will.be surprised to ,.oraillI; t0 SOciul Demokrateu
team cr tne marriage or .miss rage
iO inai .es it. 1 ouuemaii, is ai
present employed by the Arizona Hor-:
tules Copper company as chief clerk
and paymaster. The marriage took .
place in Phoenix January 9. After
spending a few days in Phoenix with
friends and relatives, they left for(
Kay, where they will malie their
home. Both the bride and groom are 1
well know n in p.isbee. j
0c
Ccntinuctis 1:00 to U:C0 p. m. TODAY
LOWELL
WORLD FILM CORP. PRESENTS
BYRNE BROTHERS
i i the World Famous Comedy Scream
"Eight. Bells"
From the stage reduction that made millions laugh,
turned into a tremendous cinema success,
and a Triangle Comedy
I "Courts and Cabarets" '
Adults 18c, war tax 2c, total 20c
Children 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Reserved seats 30c
I
Today
ONLY
Former Local Man
Killed in Cave-In
4 Y i
THEATER
9
Continuous
From
1:00 to 11:00
P.M.
ARTCRAFT PICTURES CORP. FRESENTS THAT DELIGHTFUL LITTLE STAR
PRESENTING A GORGEOUS MINSTREL FIRST PART AND
Vaudeville Acts
S
60 -People -60
INCLUDING THE CRACK FIRST CAVALRY BAND
; Caught by a cavein on p. lease he
j was operating nt Pearee. Harry
Welch, formerly a resident of this eity
and an employe of the mines, sustain
ed injuries Tuesday from which he
died the following day. according to in-
j formation reaching here yesterday.
Mr. Welch's body was shipped to Mesa
Thursday for burial.
According to the account of the af
! fair reaching here. Welch had a lease
on top of the hill above the Pearee
mill site where the ground was loose-,
; having slou'-ihed away several times in
I the pi'st. While at work in a drift tho
roof came down on him. He was res
cued mid given the best attention ob
i taitU'.He but expired the following day.
MARGUERITE
I IN
CLARK
OWEIi
Ad:
inly story o:
SEATS NOW SELLING AT EOX OFFICE
Balcony, 50c; War Tax, 5c; toal 55c Lower floor, last 13 rows, 75c, tax, 8c,
First 12 rows, $1.00, tax 10c, total ....$1.10 total 83c
NewTailoring
DEPARTMENT
We do our own designing and
cutting, and try on each garment
befol; completed, which assures
a perfect fit. Alterations, e'ean
ing, pressing and repairing neatly
done.
II. MICHAELS, Tailor,
With Miller Shirt and Hat Shop
Main St., Bisbee
I
-3 U V V ZJ-Jvw
f the Wooded Hills. Also, the 8th Episode of THE HAND OF VENG
EANCE," the Amazing Serial of Mystery
The Kidnapped Statesman"
And a KEYSTONE COMEDY wifh CHESTER CCNKUN in
"Dizzy Heights and Daring Hearts"
Lower floor, 13c, war tax, 2c, total 15c Balcony 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Reserved seats 22c, war tax 3c, total 25c