Basks i
at $
WEATHER
Thursday and Friday
fair; not much tem
perature change.
"fc "A, ''Q,
to-
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOL. 21, NO. 213.
11
THIRTY-FIVE
- -
CTfljcq lifiTC
UlillLu b U I L
INTOXICANTS
Only One More Ratification
Necessary to Make Effect
ive National Prohibition
Constitutional Measure
Four States in Neck to Neck
Race Today, Will Decide
Which Shall Have Privilege
of Final Approval of Act
(Pv Review Leased "Wlte)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15. Legisla
tures of 35 states one less than the
required three-fourths have ratified
the prohibition constitutional amend
ment. Several state assemblies now
in session are expected to take action
tomorrow with a probable race be
tween Nebraska, New Mexico, Mis
souri and Minnesota as to which, will
be the thirty-sixth on the list.
Ratification was completed today by
the legislatures of five states Iowa,
Colorado, Oregon, New Hampshire
and Utah making a total of 12 in two
days. Of the 35 states that have taken
action, only 14 have certified their ac
tion to the federal state department.
They are Virginia, Kentucky, North
Dakota, South Carolina, Maryland.
South Dakota, Texas, Montana, Dela
ware, Massachusetts, Arizona, Geor
gia, Louisiana and Michigan.
Effective in One Year
The amendment, under the provis
ions, becomes effective one year from
the date of its final ratification. Ad
ditional legislation by congress is nec
essary to make it operative and
ground work for this already has been
laid. This legislation will prescribe
penalties fo'r violations of the amend
ment and determine how end by what
agencies the law shall be enforced.
If ratification is completed this
month, many officials here believe
the country will become permanently
"dry" next July 1, the date on which
the special war-time prohibition re
cently enacted by congress goes into
effect. This law prevents the manu
facture and sale of intoxicants for
beverage purposes and remains in
force until the demobilization of the
nation's war armies is "completed.
States Fight Ratification
Court action to prevent the amend
ment becoming operative, already has
been started in California, where an
order temporarily restraining Govern
or Stephens from signing ratification
of the amendment has been obtained.
It has been intimated that similar ac
tion may be taken In other states. In
which, it is said, state laws require
that federal constitutional amend
ments must be submitted to a refer
endum. The prohibition amendment resolu
tion passed by congress provides that
ratification shall be by "the legisla
tures of the several states as provided
by the constitution."
The' resolution follows:
"Resolved by the senate and house
of representatives of the United States
lltru iH"u;J i
of America, in congress assembled.
(two-thirds of each house concurring
therein) that the following amend
ment to the constitution be, and here
by is, proposed to the states, to be
come valid as a part of the consti-
cCantlsued Two)
02y Review Lea wir)
SACRAMENTO, Calif., Jan. '15.
That the Industrial Workers of the
World organization was formed to
"dominate the earth and overthrow all
government and society" was the state
ment of P. H. Johnson, government
counsel, in opening the prosecution's
concluding argument in the trial here
today of 46 members of the organiza
tion accused of conspiring to institute
a campaign of arson and destruction
in the state.
"We found them In the dark re
cesses of the earth reading their
screeds of violence and death," Mr.
Johnson said. " 'Right and wrong does
not concern us,' they said. Their con
tempt of this court in their so-called
'silent defense" here Is a physical dem
onstration of their disregard of all law
and order."
Referring to Miss Theodora Pollok,
the only woman defendant, Johnson
said:
"Miss Pollok has a keen Intellect.
Why she should have degraded It
through her associations, she alone
ean answer. She must bave sipped of
the cream fed to the 'sab' cat. that
agent of detraction who direct the
DOOM
GOVERNMENT
GOV
CAMPBELL
AW
READS tUSSHGt
ta i mini fl-ninr
lULLuSdLAIUiiL
Longest Document Ever Pre
sented to Solons; Two Bills
Make Appearance ; Del
bridge Asks Clerks Control
(Rrvifw Phoenix Bureau
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 15. To the
legislature assembled in joint session
in the house Governor Campbell to
day delivered his message outlining
the program of needed legislation.
The document, the most voluminous
ever addressed to an Arizona legis
lature, required but one hour to im
part. When he had finished reading the
document, the chief executive was
presented by T. A. Johns, president of
the senate, who presided over the
joint session, with the gavel used to
call the assemblage to order. The
symbol of authority is turned from,
the doorsiU of the first gubernatorial
structure the state possessed, a log!
cabin formerly located at Prescott.
The president presented the gavel
with the wishes of the Yavapai dele
gation for. a "prosperous and happy
term of office," even though he de
plored that the governor adhered to
the republican fact.
Governor Replies.
Tremendous applause attended the
exchange of the gift and the governor
flushed at the unexpected pleasure.
He acknowledged the courtesy in a
few brief remarks, stating that he
would treasure the memento of for
mer administrations and would keep
it ever before him as an incentive to
impel him to a strict adherence to
the highest standard In the conduct
of his office.
The ceremony was concluded with
a short speech by G. P. Neavitt of
Phoenix, representing the city, the
chamber of commerce and the county
of Maricopa, welcoming the legisla
ture to the capltol. He Informed them
that preparations were under way to
make heir sojourn a pleasant one
and stated that the various clubs
would be honored by the presence of
the visitors. He also promised them
a banquet at some future date when
the Influenza epidemic should have
abated.
Galleries Are Jammed.
For the first time since the leginla-ldentially that Smith was in possession
ture convened the galleries of thejof Information of a sensational char
house were jammed with spectators, iscter, dealing with payments to a
Long before the hour arrived for the
appearance of the governor the seat
ing facilities were exhausted and at
length became necessary to forbid
admittance. The crowd evidenced
keen interest in the message and only
once disturbed the speaker, a ripple
of laughter greeting bis reference to
the necessity existing for a "satisfac
tory adjutant general."
Little was accomplished by either
branch of the legislature today, but
all arrangements bave oeen made to
begin upon an efficient disposal ofipalgn.1
the matters confronting that body
with no more delay. In the senate
the complete list of the standing com
mittee's were announced this morn
ing and but a few more remain to be
chosen In the house.
Tubercular Relief Bill.
The initial bill to make its appear
ance In the senate was introduced
this morning by Claridge. The
measure Is Intended to create a board
of charities to relieve sufferers from
tuharrulniilK in this state. Provision
. . . .
is made ror tne appointment or inreo
members by .the governor to serve
without pay, ana an appropriation or
110.000 is assea ror tnis purpose.
In the house the members also
marked time. But one new bill was
(fnmud Phi Four)
CLOSES I. W. W. CASE
(workings of the Industrial Workers'
! organization."
j Johnson read resolutions adopted at
tne annual convention ana omer
meetings of the I. W. W. which he con-
strued as opposed to the selective
draft and other features of the gov
ernment's war program. Alleged activ
ity of the organization In calling lum
ber camp strikes in the northwest and
exciting industrial disturbances else
where were detailed at length by
Johnson. The case probably will go
to the Jury late tomorrow.
Miss Theodora Pollok was the prin
cipal defense witness In the closing
sessions of the trial today. She ad
mitted having seen William D. Hay
wood, executive bead of the I. W. W.,
during his trial in Chicago, but denied
that she ."took a trunkful of I. W. W.
literature on to New York." She de
nied that she had sent a message of
co-operation to the anarchists In Hol
land or had knowledge that there was
an "anarchist in every Dutch ship."
"I am an internationalist, but I am
for America first," she testified.
"I read I. W. W. literature suggest
ing sabotage and violence In attaining
the aims of that organization, but I
did not usrib t it."
ANACONDA TO
EMPLOY ONLY
EX-SOLDIERS
(Rv Review Leased Wire!
BUTE, .Mont., Jan. 15. The
Anaconda Copper Mining com
pany, the largest employer of
labor in the state today an
nounced that in respect to em
ployment during the present
period of curtailment when many
of the company mines are closed,
it will give preference to men
with families and to returned
soldiers in the following order:
First Married, men and single
men with dependents.
Second Demobilized soldiers
and sailors who were in the em
ploy of the company at the time
of their induction into the army
or navy.
Third Demobilized soldiers
and sailors who were not .em
ployed by the company before
their induction into the army or
navy-
Single men without dependents
and who were not inducted Into
the army or navy must give up
their jobs to those mentioned.
DEMOCRAT BRANDS
i STORY AS LIE
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15. Senator
Thomas of Colorado, appearing today
before the senate judiciary commit
tee Investigating German propaganda,
declared that the testimony given yes
terday by Austin J. Smith, that an
arrangement was made with Count
von Bernstorff to pay for the support
of the Pueblo (Colorado) Chieftain in
1915 was untrue.
"This man Smith is an unsuccessful
blackmailer, an unmitigated liar, and 1
believe, a forger," said
Senator I
Thomas,
Senator Thomas said he was per- j
sonally acquainted w ith I. N. Stevens
and Alva Swain, mentioned by Smith ;
as having directed him to arrange for j
publication of pro-German articles in :
the Chieftain, and that they are men j
cf high standing. He said he believed
the story told by Smith was concocted
by him or some one for him in fur-t
tbering a scheme to purchase his si-
lence.
Sends Advance Agent
In October, 1916, Senator Thomas
said, a man of Denver, whose name
the did not mention, told him confi-
1
newspaper or southern Colorado. ( on resolutions about equally divided
"Shortly after that," the senator , between the conservatives and radi
continued. "Smith came to my office Cals. Apparently nearly every radical
and said he had been connected with , delegate had at least one resolution
the editorial department of the Pu
eblo Chieftain, and that while there
a message was received from Count
von Bernstorff. Smith said he would
be willing to get possession of It If j
u wouia oe or use to tne government.
He said be had been a democrat and
that part of bis business was to aid
the democratic party In the state cam-
Senator Thomas said he agreed to
pay Smith's expenses to Washington,
but heard nothing from him for some
time and when Smith came In March,
1917, he said he could not get the
state department to act on the alleged
information he had. The senator said
he then told Smith that he did not
want to have any more to do with
it
Refuses Compensation
"Smith said he ought to be com
pensated, and I told him I would not
Tin v hlrr, onvthhi or, I irniiMn't
",'"," Vf:;
"V1.";" """J
thing," - the senator said. After
Smith's visit to Senator Thomas in
Washington in March, 1917, the sen
ator said he informed Swain and
Stevens of the affair, when they in
formed him that Smith had been to
them with his story. Of Messrs. Ste
vens and Swain, Senator Thomas
said:
"These gentlemen are prominent re
publicans in my state. They are citi
zens of unquestioned standing and
character and I number them among
my warm personal friends."
He added that he was not surprised
when Swain and Stevens told him
that Smith had begun his campaign
by demanding money from them m i
consequence of which they had "met
aphorically speaking, kicked blm out
of the employment with the paper."
LIBERTY LOAN MEETING.
(Bv Revlf-w Leased 'Irei
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 15. Liberty
loan chairmen, war savings commit
tees, directors and officials from the
eight states comprising the 12th fed
eral reserve bank district will meet
here tomorrow to consider plans for
the forthcoming victory loan and to
coordinate all loans and war savings
activities.
WRITES SHORT WILL.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15. Some lawyers
neA ftiniic'inrf rr mnrn n-nrda In writ-
Ing a will for clients, but Attorney company, the United Metals Selling five American cniisiea men reirariw
Sidney Sl-ln required only to leave company, the Phelps Dodge corpora- as prisoners ot war In Germany were
his $2iu.000 estate to his widow, it Hon of New York and th Calumet & announced by the war department to
was learned tod?v when the will was , Hecla company of Itopfon are- the in- day. included:
filnd. ' corporators. Laalla Hurkab. Snvrler. Taxa.
LABOR LEADERS
DEFEAT I. W. W.
AFTER HEATE
CHi
Morning Session Marked by;
Complete Victory for Con-j
servatives in Meeting to Act
for Thomas J. Mooney
,1
(Bv Review Ieased 'Wire)
CHICAGO. Jan. 13. Socialists and
members of the 1. W. W., after defeat I
in the organization of the National La-1
bor congress, called to adopt a pro
gram for obtaining a new trial for
Thomas J. Mooney and Warren" Blll
int's. made a determined attempt to
capture control of the body later in
the day.
With 'the gallery packed with radi
cals they did about as they pleased at
the afternoon session until the pro
ceedings were ended by adjournment.
The conservatives were compelled to
change tiieir plans in several particu
lars because of the unexpected show
of stienmh made by the radicals.
Tonight both sides claimed a major
ity of the delegatus but nobody seem
ed cert.'.in what action would be taken
tomorrow when the committee on reso
lutions is expected to report. At to
day's session every mention of social- J
CAGQ
CLASH
ist or I. W. W. principles was loudly j and occupied the station at NeuguL-;an internal explosion to occur. Man
cheered by delegates and spectators. 31 miles from Mittau. ihclcs on top of the tank were kept
Italians Express Sympathy Jitttau is overflowing with refu- open and no gas of any kind could
A letter was read from two inem- gcej. German soldiers, the last per- naVe formed. An explosion could not
bers of the Italian labor commission, sons leaving Riga, report that the have been caused by fermentation, as
appointed by that country at the re- city is burning lu several places and molasses ferments only in exceeding
quest of. the American Federation of j that the Russians and Letts are inur- ly warm weather. The tank could
Labor, expressing sympathy with the deling and plundering. 'not have broken open from an intern-
movement to aid Mooney and asking!
to be seated as fraternal delegatei. !
Chairinr.n Nolan recommended that I
the request be granted, but the read-
ing of the letter caused a hostile dem-1
onstrat:on by radicals who declared
the two Italian labor representatives j
had been repudiated by the bolsheviki
element in that country. After a heat-
ed discussion !) uot:T.- to seat the
commissioners was voted down. i
The radicals followed this by pass
ing a motion that Eugene V. Debs, so
cialist leader recently convicted for
violation of the espionage law, be in
vited to address the convention
is said Debs will decline.
Divide Committees
ii
Chairman Nolan this afternoon
nounced aooointineht of a committee i
for consideration of the committee.
One delegate presented ten. embody
ing various revolutionary ideas on gov
ernment based on socialist and I. W
vv. propaganda. They were referred to
the committee on resolutions without
being read.
A few of the ideas suggested by the
resolution offered by radical delegates '
are:
For the organization of a national
soldiers' and sailors' council to safe
guard the interests of labor during the
period of reconstruction.
For a referendum vote on the terms
of peace.
Abolition of all restrictions on the
issuance of passports.
Would Call General Strike
For a general strike to compel im
mediate release of all political, indus
trial and religious prisoners, includ
ing Thomas J. Mooney, Warren Bill
ings, William D. 'Haywood, Emma
Goldman, Rose Pastor Stokes, Eugene
V. Debs, Victor L. Berger, Adolph Ger
mer and others convicted since the be
ginning of the war.
That Russian, German and Austrian
bolsheviki be given representation at
the Paris peace council.
For a uniform work j of six
hours.
For a uniform lunch period of two
hours in all forms of industry.
Adoption of a modification of the
I. W. W. idea for one big labor union
by having one organization for each!
trade. I
A plan to have all western labor
organizatlons withdraw from theisia against the imposition of eices-1
American Federation of Labor and or-
ganize a western federation of labor.
A score of messages of greeting
from labor organizations in all parts
of the country pledging support in
(Continued on Hsire Two)
Copper Exporters
Are Incorporated
tTXv Rovtnw l -?ed Wlrel
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15. The cop
per export association of New York,
organized by large producers, filed
i with the federal trade comtnlssion to-'
day articles of incorporation and on- j
tained permission to enter export
trade as a unit under the Webb law.
Tha American Smettin? & Rpfininf
WESTERN MEN
WELCOMED AT
GOTHAM CLUB
(Bv Review T.-n;ed Wirei
NKW YORK, Jan. 13. Rocky
Mountain club of New York has
been designated by the official
reception board to receive and en
tertain western troops returning
from overseas, it was announced
here tonight. The dub will pro
vide a suitable "homecoming."
show the boy the sights of the
city and see that they are started
safely to their western homes.
Governor Samuel V. Stewart of
Montana, in a message to the
club, said that he would ask con
gress to appropriate funds for
the care ot western soldiers and
sailors during their stay in New
York. Governor Robert D. Carey
of Wyoming telegraphed that he
has made a similar request of the
state legislature.
A message has been gent to
Governor Thomas E. Campbell of
Arizona offering the club's serv
ices in welcoming returning
troops from that state.
nini in imino nr
BOLSHEVIK! FORCES
some distance from the tank.-
I Harry F. Dolan, attorney for the
BERLIN. Monday, Jan. 13 (By the jpurty Distilling company, said to
Associate J Press.) Riga is complete-' nIght that 0ffieers of the company
ly in the hands of the Russian red were unable to give any explanation
army, according to a Mittau dispatch pf tne cauae f tne explosion,
to the Vossische Zeitung. Bolshevik j Cannot ExDlain Exolosion
fcrccs have advanced from Dvinsk
NUMERICAL STRENGTH.
BERLIN, Monday, Jan. 13. (By the ,
Associated Press
unimportance of
s.) The numerical ,
importance of the bolshoik ele-!
raents outside of Berlin has again tank was broken by somethisg which
been demonstrated by the city elec-: acted upon it from the outside. We
tions. At Chemnitz in a total vota'are conducting an investigation. It is
of more than 117,'juu the combined ! possible the tank may have been
Spartaians and independents polled broken by enemies' of the Unltsd
6GD, and the majority socialists 64,-1 States vho knew that we were en-
534. ;
A comparison of the Wurtemburg
results with the reichstag election cf
1912 shows the enormous growth of!
LLie ueuiocrauc Tuitr. uereuo.
Whereas, the i
'progressives polled only IS per cent .
of the tola vote in 1912, they re -
an-lceived nearlv a thiid
of the whole
vote Sundav last.
LIEBKNECHT FAMILY RELEASED.
BERLIN, Jan. 15. (By the Asso
ciated Press.) The wife and young-
eat son cf Dr. Liebknecht, head of i
the Spartacaus, who were arrested
when Liebknecht s house was sur
rounded by soldiers and searched yes
terday, have been liberated. Many
incriminating bolshevik documents
were seized.
Liebknecht's eldest son is still in
the hands of the police.
Among Oth ,
ers arrested was Fraulein Jakob, sec-1
retary of the Spartacus union, btill
Homing is Known ot tue wnereaoouis '
.. r , i ( 1. 1. f ..w. r. l ' Vi I. . rf l
Polke Eichhoni, or Rosa Lusemburg.
BOLSHEVIKI PURPOSES.
LONDON. Jan. 13. (British Wire
less Service.) It is a great error to
suppose that the Russian bolsheviki
are actuated by a general desire for
universal peace, declared R. H. B.
Lockhart, former Brltisu consul gen
eral to Moscow, who arrived recently
in London after being Imprisoned by
the bolsheviki. In a speech in Iondon
last night.
"They promise universal peace,"
Mr. Lockhart said, "but they pro
claimed universal war.
"It is easy in a country like Russia
for a minority to override the ma
jority. A great majority of the peas
antry and other classes are against
the bolsheviki and have continued to
work against them as best they can."
PEASANTS REVOLT.
(By Review Leaaed wira)
. STOCKHOLM, Jan. 15 A violent
peasant uprising in interior of Rus-
sive taxes by the bolHheviki. and : have the same effect as the child labor
against the "committees for fighting. act recenty declared unconstitutional
; poverty," which exercise a tyrannical j by tne gupreme court, was adopted
j dictatorship in the village Is re-i tojay by senate and house conferees,
ported in a IVtrograJ dispatch, Tbe'A Beparate vote on the amendment
peasants in the luia government
mercilessly killed members of such
committees.
w
ITHDRAW BORDER REGULATION
ll'.v Ki'Vlrw I.eajH-U Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15. As ai
means of facilitating the movement Of I
j exports to Mexico, the war trade board
today withdrew the regulation requlr-j
ing that applications for export
licenses have attached an order from
the consignee bearing the vise of an
! American consul.
PRISONERS REPORTED
,u Krvii w I.eaKfd vVtre)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15 Naras of
BURSTING TANKlRl n
KILLS NINE IN
Officers of Company Owning
Big Molasses Container Un
able to Explain Explosion;
Streets Bathed in Sweets
(Bv R-view Leased Wire
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 15. Nine
persons are known to have been killed
and about 50 injured by the explosion
of a huge tank of molasses on the
j wate-front off Commercial street,
I near Keany square today. Eight bodies
were removed from the wreckage and
one man died at the relief hospital.
Most of those injured suffered only
' Irom bruises.
The cause of the explosion had not
! teen definitely determined. Walter L.
i Wedger, explosives agent of the state
police, said he was not prepared to
give a final opinion, but that it seemej
probable to him that It resulted from
fumes generated by fermenting
molasses within the tank, which was
full. The molasses had been kept
wiirm hv nfpam heflf from a. Dlant at
"It was impossible." he said, "for
!al cause. It met all the specifications
icf experts: each plate in it had been
tested and it was not filled to Its ca
pacity.
"The company assumes that the
gaged during the war in. the manu-
facture of alcohol which was used in
making munitions."
Identify Bodies.
t- i.. . ;w. -- , , if... .i
Ufie(, m thogj of fireman and ,wo
re9il,eut9 of tenements m the vicin.
ity. A large number of the injured
were taken to the relief hospital. The
tank was owned by the Purity Dis
tilling company, a subsidiary of the
United States Industrial Alcohol com
pany, with a plant in Cambridge.
A jull, muffled roar gave but an
instant's warning before the top of
the tank was blown into the air. The
circular wall broke into two great
i cgmenta of sheet iron which were
impelled in opposite directions. Two
million gallons of molasses rushed in
ii mlirhrv ctronni nvnr rho ctri.t ant
' , , ttrtv mas the
wrecl(aKe of 8everal small buildings,
whlch haJ n 8mashed by the force
. .he explosion
Floods Streets.
The tank was located a short dis
tance from the Bairdstown bridge,
where the Charles river empties into
the harbor. On one sije was a trol-
l ley freight yard, with a long shed
Qn ,ne Dtnei; wag a city HtoraKe yarij
in wnich stooj two rrame builulngs.
Near the tank stood the firehouse of
a (Irebont known as engine company
No. 31.
The greatest mortality apparently
occurred in one of the city building,
whore a score of munition employes
were eating their lunch. The build-
(Continued on Pas Three)
(Br Review leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15. The sen
ate amendment to the war revenue
bill, levying a tax of 10 per cent upon
products of child labor entering into
. . state commerce and deiicned to
j wJU b taken tn the house before
. final passage of the bill.
Besides the child labor provision,
the conferees reached complete agree
ment today on nearly all of the miscel
laneous tax disputes and have left for
disposition only a few important
schedules.
Tomorrow they will again take up
the war excess profits taxes and hope
to complete their work by next week.
Several of the conferees believe now
the bill will go to the piesiJent be
fore February 1.
Auother Important senate amend
ment accepted by the house conferees
today was that removing war taxes on
first class postage next July 1. wben
the pre-war rates of two cents an
ounce on letters and one cent for post
cards would again be effective.
Action n the second class fail pro
I
BOSTON SU8URB
I
i
CONFEREES AGREE
ISED DOOR
III II
I ar mm m
POLICIES-AT
PEACE PACT
Daily Official Communique
Will Advise World of Pro
gress at Conference; Dele
gates Agree to Strict Silence
American and British Repre
sentatives Oppose Plans but
French, Italian and Jap
anese Carry Point
PARIS. Jan. 15. (By the Associated
Press.) The question whether the
peace conJrence is to be secret or
wholly open to the eyes and ears of
the world, the settlement of which has
been long awaited, was brought to a
focus today when it was announced an
agreement had been made to confine
information given to the public to a
daily official communique and that a
gentleman's agreement prevailed
among the delegates not to discuss, or
in any way give Information ot the
meetings in the foreign office.
No written official announcement of
this purpose was issued but word was
passed out to this effect, and it was
followed by an explosion of protects
which drowned out the doings of tb
peace commisisoners.
. Americana Oppose Plan
The understanding is that the
American and British delegates op
posed this decision, but that the
French, Italian and Japanese, voting
together prevailed.
The British newspaper correspond
ents immediately joined in a memorial
of protest, which they put before Pre
mier Lloyd George. The American
newspaper correspondents united in
what is virtually a round robin to
President Wilson in which they pro
tested in measured terms against the
decision, and reminded the president
of that one of his 14 points which
specifies "open covenants of peace op
enly arrived at."
The memorial was before the presi
dent tonight, and there is every reason
to believe that such a storm has been
raised as will Torce the question be
fore the meeting again before the act
ual sessions of the peace coufereuce
begin Saturday morning.
Daily News Audiences
The question of whether the meet
ings are to be open or closed have
been smoldering for several days. It is
associated with conditions which have
surrounded the lack of method in mak
ing public what has actually been go
ing on in conference tor the past
month. The American newspaper cor
respondents, of whom there are about
100 here to report the peace proceed
ings, have been received in daily au
dience by the American commission
ers under the stipulated conditions
that what was developed was solely
for their guidance and not to be re
ported as bearing the stamp of author
ity or coming from the mission.
The president himself has rarely
(Continued on Pag Two)
ON CHILD LABOR
vision of the senate, proposing repeal
of the present one system and es
tablishment of new, modified zone
rates, was defeated.
Senate provisions creating an advis
ory tax board to aid in administering
the new law were adopted by the con
ferees after being amended to provide
for a board of five members at annual'
salaries of 19000.
A warning against extravagance in
appropriations was voiced in the sen
ate today during discussion of an
amendment to the census bill. Increas
ing the director's salary from $6000 to
$7500. The amendment was adopted.
34 to 27.
"I arn the democratic party," said
Senator King of Utah, democrat, "that
their extravagance will react disas
trously on the party. No one can tell
when, a financial panic will occur and
it is about time to call a halt to ex
penditures." Under an amendment adopted today,
preference In appointment ot enum
erators and others necessary- tor to
census work would be given men hon
orably dihargd from tha army and
navy, and to widows ot men, who died
while in th ttvlr.
BRING ROAR
FROM PAPERS TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1919.
BASEBALL STARS RECEIVE 'BIG JOLT
WHEN CLUB SALARY LIMIT IS HADE
a manner from which the American , THIRTY-FIVE STATES
corresponueiiia wre rvqueieu iu im-
frain.
Decide on Joint Statement
Hitherto it has been the practice of
, the governments taking part in the
I preliminary peace conferences, says a1
'statement given out by the official
VOTE DOOMSDAY "
OF INTOXICANTS
o'oniitim- trum i'ki' unei
(Bv Review I.easul Wire)
NEW YORK, Jan. 15. National
league baseball players will receive
an unpleasant surprise with their 1S19
contracts as a result of the magnates'
action today in adopting a club salary
limit of not more than $11.01)0 per
month. This is the most radical finan-l
cial retrenchment attempted by a ma
jor league in years and will prove a j
startling upset to those diamond stars j
w ho havw expected a continuation of
the high salaries and long time con-
tracts of pre-war days. j
Under the new regulation, which'
was adopted by a vote of six to two, j
the maximum monthly salary limit j
during the playing season must not ex-:
ceed jll.000 plus the manager's salary, j
This w ill make the seasonal pay roll j
foot approximately $60,000 for a play- j
ing period of about five and a half
months. With a club roster of 22 play
ers the average will be $500 per play-1
er per month. The new rule alio car- i
ries a penalty. In the form of a fine
of $5000 for every infraction. j
Long Argument I
In its original form the regulation i
carried a very much smaller maximum I
limit and there was a long argument j
over the proposed rule. Several amend
ments, 4?ach increasing the amoun-.
were offered in turn till the limit was
raised to $11,000. When this came
to a vote all the clubs except New
York and Chicago voted for this maxi
mum and it w as declared carried.
Salary limitation was the outslana
ing feature of all-day sessions of the
National league and the National Asso
ciation of Baseball clubs. The minor
organizations finally agreed on the j
Jorm of their request for lifting the J
draft regulations and the senior ma-1
iiif 1 ..')' ii 1 1 l' , v . i , i 11,1 1 rrtl rnniiTi) 1 11 rr '
J' 1 1 iv i. . .. v " v ii i "in i ,v.vi iiiiif,
a number of proposed changes which
they desire the American league' joint
ly to adopt at the special meeting of
the two leagues tomorrow as well as
several additional alterations of their
own by-laws.
Amend Waiver Rule
The league desired to amend the
waiver rule so players carfliot be re
called once waivers are asked and also
stated that it was the sentiment of the
organization that a similar rule was
desirable with the American league, to
cover cases of players waived from
one league to the other. No action was
taken on the player limit, it being de
cided to consult with the American
league magnates tomorrow in order
that the lowest possible limit may be
agreed upon. The present regulations ;
call for 21 players in the American
league after May 15, and 22 in the Na
tional, i
ine .auonais aiso re-auopiea ine
rule barring the beginning of spring j
practice earlier than 30 days before
the opening of the season. This will i
permit the clubs, to operate after
March S3 and President Heydler
stated that since this date falls on
Sunday he would consider the pres
ence of the players in camp on the
pievious Saturday within the letter of
the rule. Sending pitchers to "boiiing
out" camps at the expense of the clubs
previous to this date also will be con
sidered a violation.
World Series Rules
" Changes in the present world series
rules also were favored and w ill be j
discussed with the American league
at the joint meeting tomorrow. It is I
proposed to amend the rules placing!
players upon a percentage biifis as far
as the money awards are concerned,
without fixing a maximum or mini
mum amount as was the case last sea
son. Dividing a portion of the play
ers' pool among the men of the first
four clubs, as in the past, was advocat
ed. It was also decided that in the lu
ture the National league club partici
pating in the series shall turn Lack 50
per cent of its shares of the gate re
ceipts to the league treasury in place
of the usual 25 per cent.
There was no discussion of the na
tional commission situation other than
that the league favored a neutral
chairman if the three-man commission
is to be continued. This matter will
come up at the joint meeting tomor
row afternoon. It was uiowd that
President Fred Mitchell of the Chi
cago club and Vice-President John J.
McUraw of the New York club, both
cf whom are managers of the teams,
be permitted to represent the league
at the coming joint meeting, but the
motion was lost, four to-four.
The National league schedule calling
for a 140-game season was considered
and referred back to the schedule com
mittee for approval and publication.
About 30 representatives of ten minor
baseball leagues, all members of the
Nutrional association, held a protracted
session. They discussed proposed
changes in the national agreement
which will be presented to the joint
meeting of the National and Amer
ican leagues tomorrow with a request
that a reply be given them by 6 o'clock
next Friday evening.
The principal changes recommended
refer to the present draft rule and the
formation of a new governing board
on which the two major leagues and
the National association would have
equal representation. The board, would
settle all disputes or complaints in
volving major and minor leagues only.
The minors' proposition regarding
tha draft rule is that major league
clubs may arbitrarily purchase one
player from each club in class AA for
J75O0 between November 1 and 10. In
case the player is not retained for the
entire season he is to be resold (out
right title 1 to the club from which he
was purchased, for $-'5oo. and in the
event that club waives priority, he is
to be ottered to all the clubs in the
sauie classification for $1000, except
the club that sold him.
press bureau, to issue separate com-; tution. w hen ratified by the legisla-
nuiiuques regarding the proceedings. , tures ot the several stales as proviuea
From today it has been decided to is-1 by Ihn constitution:
sue a joint communique, of which the j "Article i
following is the Knglish text adopted J Sweeping Provisions
by the HritHh and American delega-1 "Section 1 After one year from the
tions: j ratification of this article the nianu
"The president of the United States 1 fature. sale or transportation of in
and the prime ministers and foreign toxicating liquors within, the impor
miuisteis of the allied powers, assist-j tation thereof into, or the exportation
ed by the Japanese ambassadors in 'thereof from the I'nited States and
Paris and London, held two meetings 'all teriitory subject to the jurisdic
today. In the course of these nieet-tion thereof for beverage purposes is
ings the examination of the rules of hereby prohibited.
the conference has beeu continued and j "Section 2 The congress and the
almost completed. several states shall have concurrent
CLOSED DOOR POL
ICY AT PEACE PACT
CAUSES UPROAR
(Continued from Page One)
seen any of the American correspon
dents and the newspaper men who
Have expressed themselves at a meet
ins of the organization they have
formed as considering themselves
trustees obligated to inform public
opinion at home of the moves which
are being made here at Paris, have
been chafing at what they character
ize as being "kept out of touch with
the fountain heads of information, be
ing confined to information dissemin
ated by an official publicity agent."
.Meanwhile the French newspapers
and the British newspapers having
Paris editions have beeu appearing
each day with inside information of
the conference and in some cases have
actually quoted American officials in
REG. U. S. PAT. OFF.
ARMY SMO
H Acknowledged The standard Arniv
on the Coast and small wonder
"Extra Service Every Step
Comfort Every Minute
That's why it is beinsj worn by
thousands of men in all walks of
Lfe-
Shoe . .-r'jff.i'-y
Office Men Hikers
Attorneys Fanners
Physicians Orckardists
Look for the name Bl'CKHECHT
stamped on the sole, of every Shoe
Motormen
Conductors
Hunters ,
BLACK
GUN METAL
OR
INDIAN TAN
CALF
Jt not obtainable from your dealer,
send name and your order direct to
BUCKINGHAM & HECHT
Manufacturers San Francisco
17.00- to $8.00
National Representation
j power to enforce, this article by op-
"It was decided that the L niled : propriate legislation.
States, the British Knipire, France.' "Section 3 This aiticle shall be in
Italy and Japan should be represented i operative unless it shall have been
by five delegates apiece. The British j ratified as an amendment to the con
(tonunions and India, besides, shall be stitution by the legislatures of the
represented as follows: Two delegates several states, as provided in the con
respect. vely from Australia, Canada, I stitution, within seven years from the
South Africa and India, including the date of the submission hereof tothe
native states, and one delegate from ' states by congress."
New Zealand. The resolution was passed by fie
"Brazil w ill have three delegates, ' senate, 65 to 20, on August 1. 1917.
Belgium, Greece, Poland, Portugal, the i and by the house, -S2 to 128, on De-Czecho-Slovak
republic, Rumania and . ember 17, 1S17. Mississippi was ttie
Serbia will have two delegates apiece; I first state to ratify the amendment.
Siam one delegate, and Cuba, Uuate-jits legislature acting January , 191 8.
mala, Haiti, Honduras, Liberia, Nica-J
ragua and Panama one delegate RAILROAD RATIFICATION
apiece. Keview. leased Wlr
".Montenegro will have one delegate, SANTA VK, N. M.. Jan. 15. "We
but the rules concerning the designa-1 'e going to rai'road a solution
tion of this delegate shall not be fixed I through the legislature tomorrow, rat
uiilil the moment when the political i"' Ihe national constitutional
a menu in en i, saia wuv. w. a. i.;iria-
traffic tied up
by striking mobs
HUKNOS A IKES. Jan. 15. Be
cause of the complete suspension of
tiat.'ic between Buenos Aires and
Montevideo, th; Uruguayan govern
ment has requisitioned the steamer
Ciudad de Montevideo, belonging to
the llihauovich company of this port,
but flying the Frucuayan Hag. A
naval crew was sent to Montevideo
this morning to operate the vessel.
An Argentine transport carried mail
to Munt?-ideo today.
DYNAMITE POWER LINE.
I I. MA. Jan. 15 An unconfirmed re
port has been received here that strik
er:; have dynamited the power trans
mission lines tin the Morococha prop
erties of the C rr j de Pasco company,
flooding t'io mines.
situation in this country shall have
been cleared up.
"The meeting adopted the following
two general principles:
"One Each delegation being a unit,
the number of delegates forming it
shall have no influence upon its status
at the conference.
"Two In the selection of its delega
tion each nation may avail itself of
the panel system. This will enable
each state at discretion to entrust its
interests to such persons as it may
designate.
"The adoption of the panel system
will in particular enable the British
Umpire to admit among its five dele
gates representatives of the domin
ions, including New Foundland, which
has no separate representation, and of
India."
Izolo tonight, "and make New Mexico
I the Siith state to vote for nation-wide
prohibition."
The platforms of both leading part
ies, favored ratification of the amend
ment and no trouble is anticipated iu
putting it throu&'i the legislature in
lecord bteaking time.
OMSK MINISTER ARRIVES
PARIS. Jan. 15. Sergius Sazonoff
arrived in Paris today. He is the for
eign minister of the government at
Yekateriuodar, Russia, and has just
been named foreign minister of the
Siberian government at Omsk. In con
nection with his coming to Paris the
Temps says
FAR NORTH IN RACE
Itv Review lensel Wire
ST. PAI L. Minn., Jan. 15. Leaders
of the Minnesota legislature tonight
declared that an effort will be made
tcniorrow morning to pass the resolu
tion to ratify the federal prohibition
amendment so "that Minnesota w ill be
the 36th state to vote on the proposal.
Quick action , in presenting the
measure was promised by the house
temperance committee. Senate lead
ers also seemed determined to push
It through.
UTAH THIRTY-FIFTH
(By Review Ivasml Wire) .
SALT LAKE CITV, Jan. 15. I'tah
became the 35t.h state to ratify the
prohibition amendment to the national
constitution today when the state sen-
Two method of Russia's renresen-!ate unanimously adopted the resolu-
tation in the conference have been tion passed by the house yesterday,
suggested the first' by a delegation of J A resolution favoring a league of na
Russiaus representing certain govern- i tions to enforce peace, w hich is in
irients established iu Russia or cer-' tended as an indorsement of the plan
tain grouts of Russians established j proposed by President Wilson for a
abroad; the second, by an Interallied I league or nations, was adopted cy trie
committee, which would be charged
with the duty of studying Russian
questions and collecting evidence and
information as to enable it to repre
sent Russian interests at the confer
ence. The second seems at present to
be the solution that will most likely
be adopted.
TO RECEIVE WILSON
PARIS, Jan. 15, (Haras.) The
chamber of deputies has decided to re
ceive President Wilsot! at a formal
meeting. The ceremony will be pre-
senate during tte day.
LABOR LEADERS DE
FEAT I. W.W. AFTER
HOT CHICAGO CLASH
(Continued from P;ie On)
were
the movement to aid Mooney
read.
Organize Council
A. V.'. H.mU of Seattle. Wash., tele-
ceded by a reception to President and I graphed 75 vvpj,;nicji had subscribed
Mrs. Wilson and the members of par-J$l each tor the orgi nidation of a
liameut in the room of the president soldiers :;rd sailors council in that
ef the chamber. city. Word was received from the
I League of Amnesty for Political Pris-
TO FORCE ACTION oners of Niagara Falls, N. Y., endors-
LONDON. Jan. 15. In the absence I iug the idea of calling a general strike
of a definite policy from the allies 'to enforce their demand:-,
concerning the manner in which Gcr- ! A messjge from the Workers' coun
niany shall make compensation for the , cil of Butte. Mont . asked the son en
dependents of submarine victims J tion to K'clare txr one organization of
among seamen,the executive commit-jail workers under t!i Australian plan,
tee of the international convention ofithe immediate withdro" al of ailtec
seafarers evolved a plan by which theltrops lrom Russia and conclude
officials hope to tone the peace con-j w ith a request that greetings be sent
fere nee to act. The committee called j to the Soviets of Russia,
for an international conference in I-4)!i- The sentiments expressed in these
don on February 21. at which the Uri- messages were received with loud ap
tish delegates w ill present a resolu- ' plause.
tion providing-that the seamen will; Frank P. Walsh, former joint chair
not man any ships going or coining man uf the national war labor board,
trcm any enemy country until theSciu a message expressing regret that
proper compensation is agreed upon. ; ho was unable, ti come to Chicago
J. Havelock Wilson, president of jand address the convention. He urged
the International Seamen s union, said tiie body to adopt a on.structive pro-
to the Associated Press today:
"It seems that the British statesmen
and those of other nations have been
grim in fie Mooney c a.,e. He sug
gested that the delegates appoint com
mittees to ask the California b'gis-
too busy to think of the seamen in pre- lature to pr.ss a la'v authorizing the
f
JUST RECEIVED, A LARGE SHIPMENT OF
Buckingham and Hecht
paring for the conference, so we will
lake the matter into our own hands in
the hope of bringing to the notice of
peace delegates the necessity lor tak
ing care of cur people.
"1 have no doubt that the couference
sdtii.g aside of verdicts in criminal
cases where it is sh-.wn that the con
viction was obtained u perjured testi
mony and t' npp"al to President Wi
fw io appcint n special assistant at
torney general to conduct an invest!
BUSINESS SUSPENDED.
WASIilNGl'JN. Jan. 15. Hix
pati hes to the state department today
sail all business between Lima and
Callao. Peru, bad been suspended as a
result of the dynamiting of a portion
of the Central railway during strike
disturbances which began In Lima
Monday.
It is expected that the c onf" retires
between the workmen and otficials
will end the strike within 24 hours.
The message said the police and
military were "amply sufficient to
maintain order," and that the atti
tude of th strikers, who demand an
eight-hour day, was calm.
cf the f-inds expended in the Mooney
case in the last, two years.
The conservative forces want to
take action on the Mooney case and
adjourn tomorrow. T'le radicals want
to stay several days longer and dis
cuss international labor questions and
other things
V.'ould Repeal Dry Law.
Of the. 5o: resolutions submitted to
the committee on resolutions onl
two related to the Moorey rase.
Among the last resolutions presented
by th'i radical delegates was one call
ing of a general strike to comrel the
repeal of the constitutional amend
ment for national prohibition. An
other prnvided for government owner
ship, control and operation of all
manufacturing, commerce, banking
and insurance concerns.
A resolution submitted by the cau
cus of radical delegates provide I for
a committee of five to co-operate w ith
the International Workers' Defense
league for the liberation of Mooney
and others, and to conduct a campaign
of education within the ranks of or
ganized labor, with a vi-w ef having
the hundreds of locals in the Ameri
can Federation of I-abor merged into
one great organization.
WORKS
Your money in our Bank will be absolutely se
cure, and making more money for you working
day and night, rain or shine, whether you are sick
or well or taking a vacation.
4', ON SAVINGS ACCOUNTS
Bank with us.
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COFFER STOCK
A. J. CRAIG, Independent Gasfitter.
ALL KINDS GAS WORK MY SPECIALTY. Gas Water Heaters aid
Ranges installed and repaired. Gas piping work guaranteed. Prices
reasonable. Phone 268, care H. E. Wootton, Res. Phone, Black 702.
I
KSBV0US ENERGY
life's momentum, depends upon
a well-nourished body. Wnen
strength is depleted and the body
lacking in essentia! nourishment,
the nerves arz tks first to zntfzu
SC0TTS
EMULSION
simon-pure in substance, rich in
tonic qualities, nourishes the
vhole body and strengthens and
steadies tne nerves. Anerever i
the sun snines, cast's is toe a v-.:
rtcog.nzea stanaara tonic-iojj
and conservsr or an-engt.i. n
Fee
ee Fuel and
cl Company
ph
one
121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
mi 3 H
Bisb
iQ (2k
Fuel and
C
ompany
Phons 121
i'cc Uilow Copper Queen Hotel
V ; .
r i
will aJopt a ro:.olution providing that ( tution by a teder;il praiul jury of the
no tooa snail ,o to tierman.v uiuiiiSun ! ruticl.-i'o loiiib otitraKP.
these (lopfiulyntti lire coiinitn.-iatril."
The leaders of the seamen, inelud-
V.
Radicals Plan Program
F. Dunn f Hut to, .Mont .,
t-allci
a .e
It
ing Andrew Fiirusoth of the I'nited a caucr.s of the radical doleRttes
States, expect that the February con- which was hold ton'pht, in an attempt
j ttrenci! will adopt a universal wae 'to agree upon a program for tomor
j scale. The leader hope that this ques- row.
ll
n 1TTT ,o
E H n F
I HI il A
Ei3l
tion will not ba (ukun up by tiie poac-e 1
conterenee or that wages will not be
Tli'; r::dii-al leadi'M have been tin
ib!e to rn;ilm! llie'r de. vales, it Is
as Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to Yow
Range Boiler
Made ov?t i i and patterns designed by the
.Medical Ccrps, United Slates Army. Price,
SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY
mentioned i'l th peace treat). Atter said, iii:d the scwion tonight waS
th'; seamen have been in conference , necessary to co-ordinate their force,
four days they will lie joined by rep- for the fiuiil o' the floor of the run-
resent.itives ol tiie engineers, mcv- veimtttt lomt.m.w.
aids and offict rs for a discussion of on- i.r the reals being nuuie fcy
subjects in hicli all ate interested. , radicals is ! demand an accounting
Fiery Eczema and Skin Eruptions
Readily Yield to This Old Remedy
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
i7Tfg''mrTgia
m 1
ft! J
3; I :
& i
S:i 1
ft', I
IL.jp
GPP. POSTGi-TICE
Successfully used for 50 years.
Ecrcma and similar skin troubles
come frotn a disordered, impure
condition of the blood, and t'.icy can
only be cured by pivinji the Mood a
thorough ck-ar.Miijr, and removing
from it traces of impurity.
This is why S. S. S. lias been used
i o MKCesffuilv i:i lirm'rciN oi ci'.'f
of Lczem and other s-km eruption.
This wonderful remedy is without
an equal at a blood purifier, bcin f
probably the oldest Mood medicine
on the market. It lias been sold by
diu'K's'-s for fifty years. Get a bot
tle today and Ley in treatment that
will get results.
You are invited to write t.i-i'ay
for couijdcle and full ad. ice as lo
the tr. uiaient ol'vonr own case.
.Vld"c. Chief Medical Ad.iser.
Switi .-pecitic Lo., Dept. H. Atlanta.
Georgia.
1
Bisfoee Improvement Co.
lrY-llfllTrnTrl"tg,
I
J THREE
4
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1919.
.1
REPORT OF ARMOUR
SHOWS SHALL GAR
CBy Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO, Jan. 13. Armour and
company's annual report. Issued today
Bhowed a record Tolume of $S61.
000,000 lor the fiscal year of 191S,
rnmnnrod uifh I.17S 000.000 ill 1917.
ana net Income of $15.0u0.0ui. TUe
report declared that notwithstanding
record high prices for the company's
products, and a record volume, record
low profits were produced.
Th net income for the fiscal year
Of 1918 was $15,247,837.53, represent
ing a return of 14.7 per cent on com
mon stock, after making provision for
dividends on preferred stock. With
the exception of $2,000,000 paid in divi
dends to common stockholders, the
talance of oyer thirteen millions was
re invested in the business.
The Bet profits represented a re
turn of 9 per cent on the average net
capital Invested in all lines, but the
Income . of the meat food business
limited by the rovernment to 9 per
eent fell to about half that rate. The
net profit on total Tolume limited
to 2.5 per cent was only 1.9 cents on
each dollar of sales.
"We are helpless in the matter of ;
reducing prices." said J. Ogden Ar
mour, head of the concern, in the
statement. "They are high because
of the heights to which livestock and
labor have gone. Our labor costs last
year were $20,000,000 more than the
preceding year. The same number
of pounds of livestock cost us in 1918
one hundred million dollars more than
in 1917."
The income account showed $26,
128.610.fi2, after deducting all ex
penses for operation, taxes, etc. In
terest on bonds and borrowed money
aggregated $15,459,837.53, which with
a pension fund contribution of $213,000
left net profits of $15,247,837.53.
BURSTING TANK
KILLS NINE IN
BOSTON SUBURB
(Continued from Pace One)
ing was demolished. The other city Xw York January 22nd. has the 814th
building which had an office on theiPioneer infantry, 14 casual officers
.n finr mi a imomont above i and casual companies from New "i ork.
! fiimflarlT torn from its founds-fnio
tions. In this there were two women
who were severely injured.
One of the sections of the tank wall
tell on the fire house, crushing it.
Three firemen, two of whom had been
engaged in a card game on the second
floor, were buried in the wreckage.
One was killed and the other two were
injured.
Damages Elevated.
The other half of the tank wall
crashed against the structure of the
Boston Elevated railway in Commer-
cial street, damaging tbre spans. A
Train had passed over the spot but a.in?. for,sunis as tUii as 10O marks
moment before and another a short !daily exclusive of the insurance guar
distance behind was stopped by ihe;aalee The increase would amount
Mock signal. jto 400.000,000 marks.
A small dwelling on Copps liiil ter-l
race slid into the street, apparently ' REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
liiM.au iotl 1 J
' ' f ;
j sucked down by the receding tide ofi
i molasses, and a woman was thrown!
through a window and killed. '
Tlie trolley shed was f'uinuned. but ;
all persons in k are believed to have
: escaped. A irol'ey freiirh! car on t h
i street was blown frcn- the tracks. !
Wash Away Molasses
Wagons, carls and motor trucks
were overturned. A number of horses
were killed. The streets were strewn
with debris, intermixed with molasses,
and all traffic was stopped.
The work of clearing away the
wreckage was greatly hampered by
the oozinir flood of molasses, which'
covered me streets ana me sumHinu-
me district to a dep'ii or several
inches and slowly driined down into
the harbor. To hasten this process,
the firemen turned on several streams
of water. If a worker sinod still for
a minute he found hi:ase!f glur-d to
the ground.
A lar?e party of Red Cross workers,
women and girls, braved the tangled,
sticky mass to bring relief to the men
Wearing short skirts and puttees, iliey
waded through the molases and dis
tributed hot coffee and doughnuts to
firemen, policemen, soldiers and sail
ors. MORE YANKEES ARE
EH ROUTE 10 0. S.
(By Review Tasea TYlre)
WASHINGTON'. Jan. 13. Departure
from France of five more transports,
carrying a total of about 200 officers
and 6000 men of the army and navy,
was announced today by the war de
partment. Mo6t of the returning
troops are on the George Washington,
which carried President Wilson to!
Europe, and which is due at New:
York January 20.
Units on this steamer include com-1
panics I, K, L. and M of the third i
I battalion. 49th infantry regiment.
There also are 20 officers of the 83rd
division headquarters staff; the 166th
infantry brigade headquarters, 119
casual officers and about S00 sick and
wounded officers and men. In addi
tion, the vessel carries 3jU enlisted
i men of the navy.
I The French liner Chicago, due at
and Maryland.
Only a few casuals are aboard the
other three ships, the Felix Taussig,
due at Philadelphia January 23. the
Lake Yelverton, due at New York
January 31 and the Galesburg, also
bound for New York.
CREWS ASK MORE PAY
(Pv Boview Lnsed Wire)
BERLIN. Jan. 15 The crews of the
German mine sweepers, according to
the Cologne Volks Zeitung, are refus
ing to servn unless thev receive in-
rreasBd nav and a new schedule call-
nui fiii' A.'.!f"
We are headquarters for fish in the Warren district,
and on Thursday, of each week you will find a tempting
display of fresh fish at all our markets.
BREWERY AVENUE MARKET
LOWELL MARKET
JOHNSON MEAT COMPANY
CZAR CASH MARKET, NACO ROAD
T0VREA
RAILROADS PROBE
WKAIM WKtliV
V.v PrviW I.eliserl Wire)
SYRACUSE. N. Y, Jan. 15. With
the exception of a careful inspection
of tl.t automatic signal system at
South By ron tomorrow by officials of
the interstate commerce commission.
the inquiry by federal, state and rail-!
road administration officials into the
disaster there Sunday morning, when
22 persons -.vere killed, ended today.
It will ho several davs. the rail
road authorities said, before they will!
able to announce their decision asj
to the cans" of the wTeck. j
John Fricdley, engineraan of thej
Southwestern limited, wnica crasneu
into the stopped second section of the
Wolverine, reiterated today that the
blok signals as he approached South
Byron were green, indicating that the
track was clear.
Corroboration of the statements of
Fricdley was given by David Brill, his
fireman, who declared that Friedley
called the signals as "clear" and that
they were "clear."
Although several railroad men who
were at the scene of the disaster
stated they had seen Thomas F.
Groves, the flagman on the Wolverine,
start back with his lanterns none of
them remembered having seen a fuse
burning before the Southwestern hit
the Wolverine. Clarence G. BabcocS.
flagman on the Southwestern, told of
finding a five minute fusee, half
burned out, some twenty car lengths
back from the rear of his train.
Frank J. Sprage, signal engineer of
New York, permitter by officials of
interstate commerce commission to
make a statement, declared the acci
dent emphasized what the experts of
the division of safety of the commis
sion have long advocated in their re
ports of accidents, that the wayside
signal, no matter how good, does not
give sufficient protection to railroad
operation. He advocated an auto
matic train control.
ASK NATIONAL SUFFRAGE.
(Pv Review Leased Wlre
LINCOLN. Neb., Jan. 13. The Ne
braska state senate today by a unani
mous vote adopted a resolution mem
oralizing the United States senate to
submit the question of universal suf
frage. A WORKING GIRL'S LIFE
Day in and day out, month after
month, she toils. Often she is the
breadwinner of the family and must
work that others may live. Rain or
shine, warm or cold, she must be at
her place of employment on time. A
great majority of such girls are on
their feet from morning until nij:ht,
and symptoms of female troubles are
early manifested by weak and aching
backs, drasgingdown pains, head
aches and nervousness. Such girls
aie asked to try that most successful
of all remedies for women's ills. Lydia
E. Pi:iKh..ni-s Vegetable Compound,
which for more than 40 years has !
been srivinsr girls strength to do their!
work.
iT,iji i tin
9
DOG FANCIER POWDER
MAGNATE VISITS IN
BISBEE FOR FEW DAYSiLIVING CONDITIONS
Johu B. Rice, better known to a host I
of Arizona friends as "Jack." manager
of the Hercules Powder company with i
headquarters in San Francisco, arrived
Here yesterday lor a short stay on
business, not alone for the company,
OUl persuuallj , uv win u llfun i
at the dogs of the district while here,
1 ... 11.. . tnl,.
Mr. Kice is a canine fancier de luxe,
having a string of bench show prize
winners in his kennels in San Fran
cisco and being on the lookout for oth
ers, it wat stated yesterday by friends.
While h-re he will look over the ca
nine aristocracy of the district and
may make a purchase or two.
Formerly tiaveling representative of
the company he now manages in the
Arizona territory. Mr. Rice knows
most of the men in the mining game
in the state. He was met at Tucson
yesterday by Joe Rice of this city,
and R. K. Kohler and came with them
by automobile. In another car came
W. B. Gohriug, mining superintendent
of the C. & A. company, who was on
his way back from Chandler. En route
here they stopped by the roadmde and
ate lunch, arriving here dtiring the aft
ernoon. YELLOW TICKET IS
FEATURE AT EAGLE
To recollect the phenomenal suc
cess of "The Yellow Ticket" when
presented on the stage several sea
sons ago by A. H. Woods, Is also to
forecast its success in its present
form, as produced by the Astra com
pany with Fannie Ward in the role
of the persecuted heroine. Times
have changed since Michael Morton
wrote bis play dealing with the old
Russia and of the persecution of the
Jews by the secret police or Okrana,
as this body was known, hut the bol
sheviki have not managed to weaken
the structure of Mr. Morton's play,
even though they have successfully
scrambled their nation. The terrible
power held by the Okrana and its
villainous chief, as pitted against the
fragile Anna Mirrel, creates an excep
tionally forceful drama. And so often
is the herqine just saved from the
miserable clutches of Baron Audrey
and his henchmen that the intensity
of her several plights cannot easily
be over-estimated in cold type.
' The Yellow Ticket" will he shown
at the Eagle theater today only.
Music by KriDble'a orchestra.
TO EXTEND BONDS.
(By Review Liud Wlrj
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15. Secre
tary Glass wrote Chairman Kite hi n of
the house ways and means committee
today that he will shortly recommend
extension of the privilege of convert
in? Liberty bonds of the first and sec
ond issues to bonds bearing interest
at the higher rate of 41i per cent.
The period during which the bonds
niieht be converted closed Novem
ber 9.
Secretary Class transmitted to the
ways and means committee, which
soon will consider a new bond bill,
statistics showing that bonds of the
first two loans not converted totalled
$1 067,6S0.900.
HOLD LEAGUE CONVENTION
! (Pv Hevlew I .eased Wlr)
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 15. The mid
continent convention of the league to
enforce peace will be held here Feb
ruary 25 and 26 under the auspices of
the branches of the league in Arkan
sas. Kansas, New Mexico, Iowa. Texas,
Nebraska, Oklahoma, Colorado and
Missouri, it was announced at the St.
Louis convention tonight.
THIN PEOPLE
SHOULD TAKE -PHOSPHATE
Nothing Like Plain Bitro-Pbosphate to
Put on Firm, Healthy Flesh and
to Increase Strength, Vigor
and Nerve Force.
Jndging from the countless prepara
tions and treatments which are contin
ually being advertised for the purpose
of making thin people fleshy, develop
ing arms, neck and bust, and replacing
ugly hollows and angles by the soft
curved lines of health and beauty,
there are evidently thousands of men
8nd women who keenly feel their ex
cessive thinness.
Thinness and weakness are usually
due to starved nerves. Our bodies
need more phosphate than is contain
ed in modern foods. Physicians claim
there is nothing that will supply this
deficiency so well as the organic phos
phate known among druggiBts as bitro
phosphate, which is Inexpensive and
is sold by J. M. Ball in Bisbee and
most all druggists under a guarantee
of satisfaction or money back. By
feeding the nerves directly and by sup-,
plying the body cells with the neces
sary phosphoric food elements, bitro-1
phosphate quickly produces welcome j
transformation in the appearance: the I
increase in weight frequently being
astonishing. j
This increase in weight also carries 1
with it a general improvement in the
health. Nervousness, sleeplessness and
lack of energy, which nearly always
accompany excessive thinness, soon
disappear, dull eyes become bright,
and pale cheeks glow with ths bloom
of perfect health.
CAUTION: - Altheugh bltro-phos-phnte
is unsurpassed fer relieving
nervousness, sleeplessness and gen- j
eral weakness, it should not. owing!
to its remarkable flesh-grbwing rrrrp-j
erties. be ud by anyone who doesj
not desire to put t fletti.
TEACHERS REGISTER
DISSATISFACTION IN
Dissatisfaction with living
ronli-
tions in the Warren district ar. they
affeU the teachers h is been expressed
(by a majority of the oing women con- j
nect'd with the p'lblic schools. In re. i
j ply to a if questions, propounded '
K., L' IJI.MI. i ..,'',... ,
.Mtn. K . r . i niii'iiiun ill an t-iii'ii
to obtain detailed information which;
will aid in arriving at soiar solution ,
of the problem of comfoi tabli housing ,
for the school leathers, most of them;
indicate a distinct dislike for their o
called 'home surroundings."
It has become increasingly difficult ,
to secure teachers, but this is to be I
asciibed to a scarciiv of leathers rath-1
;er than the spread of reports concern
ins living conditions lanM Uiwn ar-,
rival here. When, in spile of difti-.
cu'.ties, teachers have been procured, '
in many cases they spend but a few
days here, then leave lor other places ; is regarded by many to Have been 111
where more coneenial conditions are ' fluenza. Every century has had its at-
I obtainable. Three teachers
left h.
Mr. I'l
during the current week
brook said yesterday.
The list of questions propounded by
Mr. Philbrook included the follow-in;-.:
Do you live at home? Are you house
keeping? Are you in a single room?
Are you living in a private family,
rooming house or at Y. W. C. A. ? Ac-
cessibility to school? Neighborhood pression. The temperature is from
(environments? Comforts. heat. to yty an,i th- f?ver usualiy lusts
baths, care of room, general attractive- from three to five days. The pe.ms at
ness? Privileges: Use of parlor, laun-! tilCk the mucous meaifcraae, or lmi.:s :
dry privileges, pressing? Expenses: j 0f the a;r passages -nose, throat and:
Room or apartment, accessory con-, bronchial tubes there is nsunlly a'
veniences, board? Satisfaction: With ; i,ar,i r0j2h. esnecia'.lv bad at niht. .
locduoii, room, couuoris, iriv neges i 0ffOn times a sore throat or tonsilitis, ing. sneezing or sputinu. So avoid
and cost? Number of times moved i ami frequently all the appearances ot ; ing crowds common drinking rip-,
since July 1? Difficulties: In secur-1 a severe head cold. j roller towels, etc. K"-p r.; ycur bod
ing room, refused because of being wo-1 Jilv strength by plenty of exer.ie in
man? How much time was spent in ! THE TREATMENT !tie open air an(j R(od food,
hunting room? j Go to bed at the first symptoms, not j KEEP FREE FROM COLD3.
The following letter, sent as a notice 1 only for your own sake, but to avoid j Above all, keep free from col'!.. as
of determination to quit Bisbee and its I spreading the disease to others take 'colds irritate the lining of te air pis
problems, was received by Mr. Phil- a purgative, eat plenty of nourishing ' sages and render them much- better
brook yesterday from a young woman food, remain perfectly quiet and don't breeding places for tire germs. I'se
who had arrived only the day pre-, worrv. Quinine. Asnirin or Dover's . Vicks VnpoRub at the very first sien
vious: j Powder, etc., may be administered by j of cold. For a head co'd. melt a lit-
"I just wish to state that I arrived ! the physician's directions to relieve! He VapoRub in a spoon and inhale the
here yesterday from Michigan, expect-
ing to teach in the Bisbee schools, but
found living conditions impossible, to
1 am leaving. 1 iiKeu wnai 1 saw 01
the town and found the superintendent
t , . ,S !!81Sta1nt Very V ,y antl
...f... uD mii; ni "i" is-mms may anss. lniiueuza so eaiu ns ine : MOTE: Vick S VapoRub Is the dlscov
is that 1 could not find a comiortable : bodily resistance that there is danger ;ery 0fR North Carolina drueeist. who
place to stay." t cf pneumonia or bronchitis develop-, found how to combine, in salve form.
;jng. and sometimes inflammation cf ; Menthol and Camphor with such vola
HUNT VILLA BANDS. t ' the middle ear. or heart aft-cMons. j tile oils as Eucalyptus. Thym. Cu-
; For these reasons 't is very important : neb", etc.. so that w hen the salve i.'
(By Review Leaded Wire)
EL PASO, Texas, Jau. l A col
umn of Mexican federal cavalry was
sent today from Chihuahua City to
Cuchillo Parado. 50 miles south of the
Presidio, Texas, border to dislodge the
tiiia uaiiu nuiLii uiLuiru lue " '
there Monday without resistance. It i
was reported from Presidio that the;
Villa force was commanded by Gen. j
Felipe Angeles and that he v.".s a -
vancing toward Ojinaga,' opposite Pre-
r:u., .n...t . v, i n
sidio. Reporfs from there today stat -
ed no rebel troops Had been located
in the Ojinaga district.
In Preparing
Specifications
it makes a whole lot of differ
ence what kind of lumber you
use. If the lumber is to come
from us, you can figure on
quantities much closer than if
you don't specify us. There
is no waste to our lumber. It
can be used to the last inch.
If your plans are as right as
our lumber your building will
be a dandy.
Bisbee Lumber Co
(Incorporated) !
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. i
Lowell Car Stop. Phorie 25 '
Practical Miom;
NEXT LECTURE:
"SHAFT SINKING"
By T. N. JEWELL, Foreman Calumet and Cochise
Y. HI. C. A. Thursday, Jan. U, 1919.
SPANISH INFLUENZA -- JUST GRIP
CAMOUFLAGED UNDER A REW mill
vw
U;lioriies Nov, Ajree
OlcVFasUoned Crip, tiie Same Thit Has Swept Over t'.ie
Vcsld Yirru s Without Plumber. Since 1S31 ihe Unit d
States Ha3 Had Five Epidcmic3.
, r ; J jcaQO"
e Las.. L.piaSmiC in 1C- JI
Came Frcm Russia by Way
of France and Was Given a
F:cr.
Ntne,
La Grippe.
Corr.es By
Tliis Time It
Way of Spain
ORIGIN OF THE DISEASE
Spanish Influenza, v '.nvh appeared
i"'" -'. ""
!i ovi-r ih-r
worlll i" numerous ej i.l,
nii'-s as ,ar
back U3 history runs, luppoerator. r.
fers to an epidemic in 412 li. C, wnicii
tacks. Beginning with lS.il. this co in
try has Lad five epidcmii s, the Itr-a in
ls!9.yo.
THE SYMPTOMS
Grip, or influenza, as it is now
ed. usually begins v ith a chill,
lowed by aching. feve;ishn(s
call-fol-
and
sometimes nausea ond dizziiu
and a
trcneral feelir.rr of weakness and tie-
the aeh;nir. But there is no cure 01
! specific for influenza the disease;
i must run its course. Nature herself .
will throw oIT the attack if onlv vou
i keen up your strength. The chief
i danger lies in the complications which
, that the natient remain in bed until
his strength returns stay in bed at
i least two days or more after the fever
has left vou. or if vou are over 50 or
not stro ;t3V , bod four d
! more BCCOrdinB to the seVeriiy of the
attack.
.EXTERNAL APPLICATIONS
in order to stimulate the linin?
the air passu;, s to tiuow oil
crip germs, to aid i:i loosening
; phlegm a:i:l kec-puii the air passages
open, thus making t'.ie nv.:
'isr. Vick's VapoRub will !) found if-
PAY CASH
E
TODAY IS JUL LAST DAY IN WHICH YOU
CAN REPLENISH YCUR SUPPLY OF SOAP
AT A BARGAiN
QUO Wliiirf SSCip
Bar 5c
Box
PURE FOOD GROCER
WHERE YOU CAN DO BETTER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-16109
m
L.
Review Want Ads Bring Results
lh.it litis Liseasa is bi:nn!y t.,e
:e I ive.
itiTiiieil
Hi t. we I
OVer I lie li
t'l Ai
re at.
1 SiiOil
chest
.1 i,e
U'i!
'a
; between t!i" s'.io'.l'.'r-T iiiad.'S to
1 t'-e p--res. Then VupoUu'i sI o..M
he ru';!)
-k;ii is
'river. :1
i!r.;..T-!
.1 in
OW
i- fif pans until the
','1 ,n Ihickiy arid
1 '.:!!"'n':es.,t s of lot
I."..e ill'! cloth. aa
red, .-;
v.i,h t
c'u'.h-;.
1,
: hr
. 1 o
around tie- rck as tl:, h-at o:
bo.ly iiV-ra'-'s t':e ir-nre'lit nts in
for,ii" ; vi. :nr". Th"S" vapers.
i.iha!. u v '.tV. (acll brealli. carry the
medication (iirectly to iie parts aff -t-ed.
At the same time, Vupollub is ;.!:
sorbeel tlirougii and stimulates the
skin, auracin the blood to the sur
face, a-ul th.is lids in relie:n. the
constiin within.
NO OCCASION FCR PANIC
Spanish influenza, whi.-h Appeared
in Spain in May. has all the appear
ance of grip or la erirpe. whia has
swept over the world in numerous
.epidemics as far fcacK rs h'story runs.
Hippocrates n fcrs to an 1 ;:(i-i!e 1".
412 r. ('.. which is res;ardt 'i by many
ro have been influenza. Every c n ii'-y
has had its attats. Beginning with
l.vil. this cou-itry has had five epi
demic?, the last in lS9-!ft.
HOW TO AVOID THZ DISEASE
Evidence FPer.is to pre'vo that this is
a g.--rm disease, spread prir.cipaliv by
iiui::a:i contact. c! ie:'ly throimn coug'n-
vapors, or better still, use apoKur in
a benzoin steam kettle. ir tnis is rot
available, use an ordinary tea-kettie.
I Fill half full of boiling water, put in
I V" .X,' i-L., " T"iZ ,Z
to time keep the kettle lust
-'itJ li iiicr rv r T7 : Liirr rv 1 nr 111. 1 iv - -
;bolIin(; and ,'nfcMe the 9te ari..ia?.
1 rnnlied to the body heat, these inere-
dionts are liberated in the form of
; vapors.
apottuo can ne m..i in ui.ee -
at all druggists. While comparatively
1 new in certain parts of the North, it is
i the standard home reia-dy m the
; South and West for all fcrr.is cf cold
! troubles over six million jars were
of I sold last year. Vapoituh is particalar
thely rccuiuu.. u.lcd fur chMdr-n's cn up
the! or colds, as it is eMtrr.a'.ly arp'id
; and cai:
therefore. h us.-d freely ai;d
the sii-ri'.st h.ir::::u!
effect.
- PAY LESS
S !
$5.00
ANGIU
Course
9
- 1 and 7 P. H. VOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY RfcVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1919.
Published Every Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated Publishing
Company
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Tress is exclusively entitled to the use for re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to this paper,
and also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches herein are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter
March 8,
SUBSCRIPTION RATES,
Three months
Six months
Twelve months
Sunday (our weekly) per year
Sunday (our weekly) per quarter
Thrift Aids Democracy
Suppose you were attacked by a gang of ruffians who nearly killed you,
and you were savejl by some plucky doctor who himself was injured in the
struggle, but who stayed by you night and day until you recovered.
Would you refuse to pay the doctor's bill on the ground that the danger
was now past and that paying tor past services was an unpleasant task,
anyhow ?
You would not. You would regard it as a sacred duty to liquidate that
debt .
There is no difference between the situation described and the position
of every man, woman and child In this country today. At the cost of life,
and magnificent effort we have been saved by our fighting men and our
intelligent, hard working statesmen from something quite as bad as death.
A most solemn obligation rests upon us to pay the bill. There is so
much owing that we can never repay that there should not be heard one
murmur about settling the financial part of t-ie obligation.
There will be no difficulty. The American people are just people who
pay their debts, they are grateful and generous people. The man who 6ays
otherwise is probably disappointed at the result of the war, and may well
be left to his un-American thoughts.
The government paid out the stupendous sum of two billion and sixty
million dollars in war expenses during the month of December alone and the
expenses will go on for many months to come. Of course, the government
has been borrowing all the money from the banks and must soon pay it
back and of course we must find that money.
We are going to do it by buying thrift stamps, savings certificates and
Liberty bonds on a scale bigger than ever before. We are going to econo
mize and save, not because we are afraid of the Hun getting bis foot on
our neck, but because we are grateful to Almighty God, our sainted dead,
the boys who are coming back with victory in their hands, to our beloved
president and liis helpers, to all pf whom is due the credit for the glori
ous result.
We are going to save too, because we have found out that it is just
the grandest thing in the world for us, mentally and physically. We are
going to save because it brings us solid satisfaction and peace of mind,.
Some of us saved because of public opinion, because we had boys "over
there," and for a thousand and one reasons. Some of us did not like doing
it at first. But now we are all going to save because we have to pay our
just debts, and because we have grown to positively like saving.
The fighting has ceased, the bands do not play or the flags wave now,
but the earnest purpose behind our effort in the great war remains yet
to be accomplished, and that great purpose is to establish for all time
peace, democracy and prosperity. Much effort and billions of dollais have
yet to be spent before this objective is attained. Millions of lives, the
agony and sweat of countless thousands has been the cost of victory. It is for
us to see that this priceless purchase is not thrown away. In such a task
we cannot, dare not, do less than our very best.
"One Grand Time'
Of course the American spirit will frown down impatience and turn
its eyes fiom temptation.
The American spirit is fifty per cent patriotism and the other fifty
per cent fair play. And now, when the lure of adventure and thrill oi
battle are over, there is more than ever reason for its stalking abroad.
For an enemy dread to soldiery is ennui, and the terror of faithful
hearts is monotony.
Though the roar of guns is dead the war is not over. Uncle Sam still
has need of his nephews; he will have need until his house is cleaned
utter the tumult.
The only thing they can do, in fairness to him and respect to them
selves, is to stick, not gruuiblingly but cheerfully with their first eagerness
to t-erve.
The only thing they can do fairly is to stick with the spirit in which
the soldier wrote the line at the top of this editorial. He wrote from the
training camp to his father. . ,
He is American, that soldier; a hundred years of American progenitors
have endowed him with bred-in-the-bone, uncompromising, all-Americanism
He left a good job to heed the call of Uncle Sam, and he is eager to pick up
things where he left off. But he is going to wait.
"I got your letter today," was the way he wrote. "You don't have to
tell ME to stick.
"It sure will be good to got home to mother and sis and you. but I
hate a quitter as much as you do, and you won't see me till the job's done
and I get my discharge.
"I've had one grand time and feel equal to anything that's batted up
to me when 1 get back home. I've gained twelve pounds."
Cheerful, isn't it, for a boy who's a bit sore over having missed his chance
in France and a first-hand crack at the Hun?
But he is American; filled with American spirit.
And the American spirit is fifty per cent patriotism and the other
fifty per cent fair play.
The Drama
The long wait is over. The curtain at Versailles is about to rise. Those
cast for the most prominent parts in the drama are either on the scene, or
expected within 24 hours.
Some impatience at the delay has been felt and expressed. So large
an audience practically the whole world could not be expected to pre
serve perfect order.
I ut this impatience will have no effect if when the drama begins the
actors show themselves capable in their roles, and of a disposition to do their
best. ' A failure on the part of any of them would be widely and instantly
resented. The audience the world sincerely desires a good performance.
When t!ie war began, the possibilities oi' the struggle were far from
being fully appreciated. That it would shake Kurope was clear. But that
it would spread until it shook the world was probably in nobody's thought.
Still, that happened. Before the end, the world was shaken.
So now in the matter of peace. When the peace conference was first
suggested the scope was limited. Now it is unlimited. The conference faces
a great quantity and a great variety of business. In a way and measure,
it is xpcied to reshape world conditions, and arrange for firmly establish
ing the new order.
SuiJi work, and so much of it, cannot be performed in a day. In the
very nature of things, controversies will arise, and when in hand will pro-dii'-e
spirit. We should not expert altruism to be the keynote of the tribunal.
Natural selfishness will manifest itself, and require compromises which
cannot be hastily prepared.
For these reasons the conference may function slowly. It should, if
nr'cessary to turn out the best work. There is so much at stake, and so
many are interested in and will be affected by the result, a botch would
prove a colossal blunder. Certainly nobody desires a resumption of hos
tilities, or the way left open for another clash in the next few years be
tween nations then but partly recovered from losses incurred during the
past lour years.
In this great drama America will play a very prominent part, and
should play it well. That is the general wish. Immcbtic politics is not in
volved, and should not be introduced. It did not appear in any phase of the
v.ar, and. there is no reason why it should appear In these confabulations
aUiut peace. Washington Star.
Bolshevism is a raging epidemic
making every effort to quarantine.
Tml.'sy has managed to git Ieiiiii
may lie safer than that of Trol.ky.
to I'l iim iaiii.e Ku. :-i.c have
endeavors to make a Hussia. of Germany.
at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
1879.
PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
-75
2.25
4.00
7.50
,. 2.50
75
of Versailles
of murderous envy. Uncle Sam i
i.i jail, where, after all, his position
been hiipci seeled by the holt-hex ik
GOVERNOR
CAMPBELL
RECOMMENDATIONS
(tie-view I'hoenix Bureau)
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Jan. 15. Scoring
the I. W. W. and similar organiza
lions, urging the creation of highway
commissioners to serve without pay,
advancing plans for the betterment
of various departments of the state
and for greater efficiency throughout
tho state, and suggesting a new plan
for the appointment of tne regents of
the state university at Tucson, Gov
ernor Campbell addressed the legis
lature with his regular message to
that body. The house and senate
gathered in joint session at 1:45
o'clock to hear the message which
was delivered at 2 o'clock and which
consumed the better part of two
hours.
Fifteen specific recommendations
were made by the governor in his
message, each dealing with some
means which he believes will make
better the state government. Includ
ed in 'the list are many recommend
ations which in the past have been
suggested, and several new laws or
measures which come to residents of
the state as a direct surprise.
Creation of a law to make a felony
the doctrine of syndacalism which
advocates crime, sabotape and vio
lence is one of the first recommenda
tions of the message. The I. W. W.
and allied interests of the nation are
scored with keen perception iu this
paragraph.
A second recommendation would
abrogate Section 5. Article 9 of the
state constitution limiting state bond
Indebtedness to $:?5o.()0. This meas
ure is advocate J that the state may
issue bonds and incur indebtedness to
pursue road improvements and build
ing which at this time are especially
desirable.
Erection of a memorial museum at
some suitable place in the state in
honor of the American heroes cf the
war, is urged in the message as a
mark cf gratitude of the state to the
men who have given their lives and
time to te United States government.
Creation pf an industrial commis
sioner, under whom would be an in
dustrial department, is a fourth
measure which is urged by the gov
ernor. The workmen's compensation law,
which for the past year has been in
the limelight of the state and which
was one of the bones of contention in
the past election, is again brought
before the people in the message,
when the governor urges the creation
of a commission of nine members to
study and report back a proper com
pensation law.
The good roads of the state come
up for consideration in the message
iu paragraphs which ure that the
full control of the sta,te highways be
placed in the hands of a high ay
commission of five, to serve without
pay. This measure is proposed that
funds and work provided in highway
construction plans before the legisla
ture may be placed in responsible
hands for disbursement and direction.
That accurate figures of the ex
penses of thq state administration
over past years may be obtained and
that the public may know how the
state is situated financially, the gov
ernor recommends a complete audit
of accounts of state institutions aud
offices.
The audit of the state books would
be backed up according to the plans
of the governor by a complete budget
system for the state which would
place the business of the state on a
tirm and sound basis.
The state commission of institu
tions comes in for its share of com
ment in the message, and the gov
ernor recommends that radical and
wide changes be made in the details
of work imposed on the commission.
To tree the sta4e university of
political influences, the governor pro
poses a new plan for the naming of
the board of regents of the state uni
versity. This plan comes from crit
icisms directed at tne manner in
which past members of the board
have been named, and from the per
sonnel of members of the 'board undel
former administrations.
To iree himself of Adjutant General
Charles Ifarris, Governor Campbell
recommends in his message thai the
state statutes be amended to secure
nn adjutant general upon whose co
operation he can depend.
The slate health oi'liccr, says the
governor, is not paid sufficient salary",
and he recommends higher salary for
this position.
Revision of the primary and general
election laws, a matter which has re
ceived much attention tn the past
four years, but which nas not been
remedied, is urged by the governor,
who points out several of the weak
nesses of the present laxvs.
The state historian would be abol
ished according to the governor's rec
ommendation, and in the final recom
mendation the governor requests con
sideration of the claim auainst the
state of Joseph F. Cloud of Tucson,
whose son was clee trocuted while
working at the state university three
years acu.
A few of the pithy and pointed
statements which the governor made
in the course of his message follow:
"A great and grave responsibility
laces the nation and the Mate today
with problems to solve; dilfering Irom
those encountered iu anx other period
of our history."
"What we must do is dee ii- in a
practical way how we can nest find
place for our boys."
"A snrill army eif faddists L cneedil
passim; us xxith what tiiey call 'be-au-tiful
thoughts.'"
"The'ie'jjs no enlist inn but tli.H the
I. W. W. plans Jest l in t ion of all
Auie ill an institutions.'
"Sent iineMil slioalil play un im
portant part not only in the lile of
the ilielixidu.il lull also Ihe slate.''
"Ail the wealth of mine, latieh and
MAKES SEVERAL
FOR EFFICIENCYiNORMAL MEMBERS
forest will be unavailing if their de
x elopine iit is hindered by discontent."
"Ore of the most Insistent neeels of
cur state W a consistent, well-planned
highway system."
"The expenditure of every institu
tion in the state should be directed
by the legislature."
"Business efficiency cannot be se
cured without a change from the
present haphazard lack of system."
'By its very nature the work of
the state engineer warrants its be
ing maintained in a separate depart
ment." "Experience has proven the exist
ing methods of directing the public
schools of our state to be wasteful
and inefficient."
"Alan power conservation Is vital
to the perpetuity of a nation."
"To you, and to Arizona, my native
state. I unhesitatingly pledge to the
utmost my every possibility of mind,
body and soul."
INDIAN BOOSTING
T
i Kevie-w fhoenix Bureau)
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 15. In an ef
fort to interest local capital for the
purpose of organizing a syndicate to
rer.lize upon the commercial possibili-.
tics cf South America, Thomas Little
Bison of the . United States Indian
service, is paying a short visit to the
city. Mr. Bison is attempting to bring
before the public, particularly the
fruitful fields, that await capital in
Honduras.
The visitor is a Sioux Indian, found
on the field folloxving a battle in
xvnich his tribe was nearly decimated.
He was adopted by a Texas cattleman
and given a liberal education. The
death of his benefactor left him iu pos
session of a smutl fortune which made
possible eight years of globe trotting,
tour of which were spent in a thor
ough investigation of the South Amer
ican republics.
Mr. Bison avers that fortunes await
those of small capital and large initia
tive. He points out that the world
war has brought to the recognition
this country the necessity for trade
expansion and the opportunity which
lies at our doors. The present im
ports of rubber, beef and sugar from
South America are inadequate to meet
the demand, and the bulk could be in
creased a hundred times without chok
ing the markets of this country alone
is his contention.
The traveler is exhibiting scores of
pictures of a veritable paradise where
two acres of fertile land may be pur
chased for the equivalent of 45 cents
in our money. He is also in the pos
session of large plantation concessions
which h-j is endeavoring to finance.
BETTS CHAIRMAN
OE COMMISSION
elle.view riUM-nix Bure-uui
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 13. With the
adoption cf a reolution designed to
establish a precedent in the matter of
the succession of the presiding officer
of the corporation commission. Com
missioner A. A. Belts has automatical
ly been elected as chairman of that
department. Mr. Belts is to ente r upon
his new duties at once nd will serve
tor the calendar years of 1919 and
19'JO."
On the purt of the commissioners it
was deemed advisable to devise some
means by which each member would,
during the course of his term of office,
direct the deliberations or this body.
An added advantage lies in the fact
that the procedure outlined in the fol
lowing resoultiou will insure the guid
ance of an experienced member at all
limes:
"Hie members of this commission,
having been elected by the sovereign
vote of the state, and ea'h member
thereof having imposed upon him and
lu.'ing accepted equal duties and re
sponsibilitieis and being thereby en
titled to all of the rights and privi
leges by virtue thereof, it is deemed
appropriate that each member bhould
be selected to preside over the delib
erations of the commission for a per
iod of two years during his term:
"It is Therefore Resolved. That the
commission adopt the practive of elect-
j ing us chairman the member who is
commencing the second two-year per
iod of his term."
POSTPONES MEXICAN ELECTION :
CH Kvew l,raMHl Wire!
MEXICO CITY. Jan. 13. The na
tional welfare demands that the
political and presidential campaigns
le postponed until the end ot 1!'1!. i
President Carranza declared in a
manifesto today.
.Movements to Immuii various cindi
elate's ter the IKtt election haxe al
ready be gun w ith General Pablo Gon
zales, minister of communications; '
th n. Alvaro Ohregon, former war min-i
ister, anei Manuel Auirre llcrlanga,
minister of the; interior, among the
most promine'iitly mentioned.
INFLUENZA INCREASES
eKy Ki xiew Leasril Wire)
SN Fit AN'CISC O. Jan. l.V -An in
e-re-as" ill the number e.f eleaths frenn
nili,eii:'..i and in new eases xvas an
nolinee'el tonight liy the lioarel of
heal'h Fifty elenths were' reported
and el" in ense. Yi t-le I ia s to
tals we're !'.' cases anil 41 de-aths.
SOUTHERN
ROE
CAMPBELL NAMES
eRevi-w lh0!ifx Bureau)
PHOENIX. Ariz, Jan. 15 To fill
the vacancies created by the retire
ment of two members. Governor
Campbell has appointed M. J. Powers I
and J. C. Dolan, both of Flagstaff, to
positions on the board of education of
the Northern Arizona Normal school.
They succeed E. T. McGonigal and E.
Hash.
This institution has just been desig
nated as one of the Arizona points
where disableel soldiers and sailors
will receive appropriate training under
the provisions of the Smith-Sears act.
There is a possibility, however, that
the number of disabled men from this
state is so small that they may later
be sent to the adjoining states of Cali
fornia and Texas to complete their re
education. Any number of new occupations are
open to the unfortunate military from
the baby state. Included in the list to
which they are eligible is law, teach
ing, engineering, mining, medicine,
professional agriculture, forestry, farm
management, bookkeeping, dairying,
gardening horticulture, telegraphy,
salesmanship, stenotype, and account
ing. In addition, there will be a wide
choice in trade and industrial fields j
such as metal working, wood working,
building, electrical and automobile i
trades together with many of the spe-1
cialized branches such as wireless ope-
ration, autogenus and electric welding.
GOV. CAMPBELL
READS MESSAGE
TO LEGISLATURE
(Continuant from Fage One)
Introduced and that by Lines. The
bill proposes to amend the status in
forte prescribing the nmount of the
state tax levy for school purposes
shall not exceed $500,000. It is de
sired to increase this limit to
$1,000,000.
Delbridge Starrs Row.
Representative Delbridge created
considerable turmoil by proposing a
motion which would have the effect
of putting all of the attaches under
the control of the chief clerk. My
way of explanation he rately stated
that he had desired to use a stenog-
apher a few minutes earlier and in
spite of the large staff of clerks had
been unable to find even one. He
also included in the motion a section
calling fer a morning call of the
attaches.
He was calmed with difficulty and
informed, that the rules the house
would eventually adopt xvould contain
a passage regulating the conduct and
disposition of the help. With this
promise he was persuaded to with
draw uie motion.
' ROSS BACK ON BENCH
eltevie-w !h'Mnlx Bureau i '
PHOENIX. Ariz., Jan. 15. Judge
Henry D. Ross has resumed his place
upon the supreme bench from which
he has been absent for the past month.
During this period he has been con
fined to his home with a broken knee
sustained in a falK
MARY PICKFORD'S
NEW PICTURE IS
. DELIGHTFUL ONE
For genuinely delicious humor and '
timely interest, announcement is'
made that Mary' Pie kford's newest ,
photoplay. "Johanna Enlists." a1
screen adaptation of Rupert Hughes'
successful story, "The Mobilization of ;
A "VICTORY SALE" of
Iv! Hi
BARGAIN BOOTH SPECIALS
HERE'S A SALE THAT NO MAN IN TOWN CAN AF
FORD TO PASS UP ! WE HARDLY THINK THE EQUAL
OF THESE VALUES WILL COME AGAIN THIS SEASON.
Men's Grey Flannel Shirts, Low Collars
Sizesl4y2tol7 (?C
Regular $2 Values, Special . P
MEN'S SOFT FELT HATS $1 QC
$3.50 and $4.00 Values . . P 1 "V
Inventory of all Departments being over, we find ourselves left with an over
supply of REMNANTS of all descriptions. This will be an opportunity to secure most
anything from a silk remnant to a piece of ribbon at a BIG SAVING.
Johanna," which will be shown at the!
Lyrij theater today, is perhaps the
most pleasing offering of the season
and ia many re-pects one of the most i
novel and Ut-Iighttul Vehicles ever
provided for this famous cinema star. j
Miss I'ickford has a ciiarmiDg role;
in this picture. She is a freckled .
country girl with a highly romantic
turn cf mind, and when she decides j
to take a milk bath to improve her;
beauty, interesting developments oc
cur. A jealous soldier and his rival,
an of fleer, provide the situation which
enels in an insult, a court-martial, and
the appearance of the hero on the
scene. Miss I'ickford is splendidly
supported by a cast of picked play
ers, her leading man being Douglas
iMacLean.
Check Artist Is
Arrested in City
Alleged to have had a mania for
rasping bogus cheeks, the proceeds of
which he used to fatten his pay as a
butcher, insurance agent, and news
paper man. Edward H. Thorn was
taken into custody here on descrip
tion forwarded from Mesa by Dep
uty Sheriff J. K. Joy. In charge of
Deputy Sheriff O. L. Pickens of Mesa,
the man left here last night for Mari
copa county to face between fifteen
and twenty charges of issuing bogus
checks in .Mesa. Phoenix and Tucson.
Thorn was said by Mr. Pickens to
have been employed in several butcher
shops In Phoenix and Mesa and while
there to have issued bogus checks
aggregating a considerable amount,
after being warned that his bank ac
count was overdrawn. Even then he
might have gotten away with it. had
he been content to draw only on the
bank in which lie had made deposits,
but unfortunately for him. he switched
banks several times. The last check
he was known to have passed was
in Tucson.
Thorn was found werkir.g In a local
butcher shop by Deputy Joy, who took
him into custody and wired leputy
Pickens to come on.
TWO NEW GLASSES AT
Y INVITE ENROLLMENT
Enrollment of the public in t'e new
classes is invited by the High "Y"
school in connection with the educa
tionai courses noxv bein? given the
public through co-opera'ion of the
public schools anei the Y. M. C. A.
The radio buzzer class, I'rof. Pow
ell, teacher, meets every Wednesday
and Fri.Iuy nights from 6:30 to 9S10
o'clock, t is open to ooys of from
15 years up.
The naturalization class is offering
a course of instruction essential to all
those who intend standing the test:,
of the naturalization examination in j
the superior court at Tombstone about
the piiddle of March. These people !
should enrol! themselves at the " Y"!
Tuesday and Thursday nights betxveeni
6:45 and 9 o'clock.
Both clas,ses have been in session
two or three nights, but those en-!
rolling now will have the benefit ofj
the full course- in each xubjeet.
Copper Queen Hotel and mgh-aass cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
REMNANTS
CASE
J
WILL BE
ANNOUNCED LATER
Following a hearing of arguments
on the demurrer of the contestee (City
of Tombstone) to the allegations or
the contestant in the action of Doug
las to have the result of the recent
balloting in the county seat removal
election set aside as illegal. Superior
Judge Samuel L. Pattee of Tucson,
announced that he would take the
case unelcr advisement and render de
cision later.
The opening argument was made
by V,'. G. Gilmore. attorney for Tomb
stone, the contestee. The reply was
made by Bruce Stephenson of Manett
& Stephenson of Douglas, and George
L. Stoneman of Phoenix, appearing
for the Douglas chamber of commerce
Mines, which instituted the pro
ceedings. Mr. Cilmore closed the ar
gument. The contest is based upon the claim
of Douglas that by voting for a par
ticular town to have the county seat,
after having voted against the remov
al of the court house from Tombstone,
the votes cast against removal all
were void and annulled and the result
of the election therefore should be
et aside. On the other hand, the eron
tes'ee urged that the question of re
moval and location of the court house
were separate and distinct questions,
requiring two votes to be cast.
Alleged Embezzler
Wanted in Douglas
i Te'in M. Foster, arrested a few days
ago in Mesa oithe charge of having
enbezzled several hundred dollars
from the Singer Sewing Machine com
pany, while acting as its travelling
aent in Bisbee and Douglas, is want
ed in Douglas on a charge of forgery,
sworn to before a justice of the peace
in the Smelter city.
Fester as arrested on a bench
warrant Issued by the superior court
in Tombstone.
As far as is known here, Foster's
habits were good and his friends here
state the belief that the charges
against him will be found based on a
mistake which he will be able to ex
plain satisfactorily. He has a family
residing In this city.
DISCOVER BOGUS BONOS.
CLANTOW Al.. Jn. 15. Offi
cials of Chilton county said tday that
an issue of county bonds, valued at
S'.'-l.O"') l.:.d been forged and fraudu
U'Wly issired ij Chicago. The forg
ery was discovered, il was sutd. by
the presentation of several of th
bonds to 'he county treasurer for pay
ment. The officials said they had
been informed that the head of a
CMcr so bend sales company had been
arrested and had admitted duplicat
ing security is.-ues of $40'VH) in ad
dition to the bonds of this county.
I
COURT HOUSE
DMT THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1919.
FIVfc
t
-
j
i
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each issue, with a minimum charge of 2a cents.
Advertisements must reach Tiie Review office not later than 8 p, m. for Insertion in next morning paper.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED All around tailor or pants
maker, at once. Phillip Doftwan,
Allen block, Bisbee, Ariz. fc07
Female Help Wanted
WANTED A young girl
work, part of day only.
for house
Phone 619.
943
WANTED Chambermaid. Apply Cop-j
per Queen hotel.
WANTED Girl for housework, slay
nights. Box 1430, Bisbee. 959
WANTED Girl for housework, stay
nights. Box 1430, Bisbee. 936
Positions Wanted
.TED Position as maid, also
u.:;o bundle work home. All work
guaranteed. Phone 492. Daisy Gar
land, colored. 870
WANTED Exceptionally good busi
ness man, several years experience,
mining, merchandising and account
ing, out of employment at this time
acount of certain after the war con
ditions. K., care Review. 914
WANTED Day work by lady.
Black 604.
Phone i
837
For Rent
FOR RENT Three furnished
103 Mason hill. Phone 736.
rooms.
914
FOR RENT-Furnished rooms. Elliott'
flats. Clawson hill, close in. S57
FOR RENT Four furnished
78 Quality hill.
rooms.
939
FOR RENT--Furn:shed room, suit
able for one or two gentlemen. 16 j
Art hill. Laundry stop. 940 ;
FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms. 1S8 Naco road, op- j
posite Holbrook stop. Phone Blue
652. 917 .
FOR RENT Three room furnished
house with bath. 109 Laundry hill. FOR SALE Overland "six," seven
Phone Black 858. Apply Jack Davis, : passenger, run 4tioo miles, new bai
76 Laundry hiil. 911 ' teries and magneto. Will trade for
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. No children. 49 O. K. street. '
933
FOR RENT two furnished rooms for :
light housekeeping, water and lights ;
furnished. No children. Close in. I
No hill. Phone Black 723. 934 1
I
FOR RENT Furnished room for oue
or two gentlemen. 157 Opera Drive.
SS0 j
FOR RENT Housekeeping and batcu-
ing apartments, one two-room house j
close in.
Black 571.
31 C O. K. street.
Call i
879
FOR RENT Furnished room, close
in, reasonable, private entrance. 4i '
Quality hill. 902 j
FOR RENT One furnished room, j
gentleman preferred. Airs. Grace
Williams. Clawson hill. 9('0
FOR RENT Two unfurnished rooms.
221 Brophy avenue. 899
FOR RENT Room with large slop
ing porch, two beds suitable for two
men, bath connection, private en
trance, garage. Inquire at the o!d
M. P. John house, corner Dautro
mant and Navajo trail. 881
FOR RENT Two housekeeping ,
rooms. Apply next to Mayes nouse, i
Tombstone canyon. 9n6
FOR RENT Two furnished
rooms for light housekeeping,
club.
front
Stag
869
FOR RENT Four rooms and bath, j
concrete house. No children. L. H. :
Allen, Locklin avenue. 860
FOR RENT Furnished cabin with
screen porch. Suitable for batching.
Apply 45 Hi,;h road. 837
FOR RENT Four room house and
garage in Don Luis. Phone 2.
S15 '
FOR RENT Furnished apartments.
Star rooming house, opposite city
park. SOS
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms,
Branson block, Johnson addition.
No children. 7S6
FOR RENT Large office room, good j
location. Apply to M. C. High, real I
estate. Office, Allen block. 575 j
. I
FOR KENT Pasture for grazing cat
tle by month. Samuel Leiendecker,
Hereford, Ariz. 642
Miscellaneous
FORD CYLINDERS REiiOKED -as
Garage, Lowell.
Tex
821 COSSAW) CORSETS FOR SALE
From f 2 up. All corsets carefully j
fitted. Ines Warburtou, next Art !
zona Grocery store, upper Main. 433 1
I
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. S hool. Los ,
Angeles," about Auto, Radio. Com-;
menial and Engineering courses. ;
Train lor sen ice. 268
SCECO.NI) HAND CLOTHES -Bought.
Phone 73!. City Dye- Works. 6ul
BUNDLES OF OLD PAPERS At the
Review olfice. Large bundles,
25c.
price
I in n to K11X j
LOST - GoM cii.i .in eoiitniniiig two
gold dollars. .Mumlsy afternoon. 1
tween Edelweiss eale. Phelps iK-dge
store. U'.'a:J. K'.iuin lo L'hleiss
cafe. 'JJO
Lost j
LOST I'.uih h (if keys. Krturn to lnx j
1"1 !. Ciiv. lii ttani '.1 i"
For Sale
FOU SALE Will sell my household
goods, five rooms complete, fumed
oak and of A-l quality, if taken as
they stand. Buyer has privilege of
renting- house, one of best in city
and very desirable location, garage
with house. Address, G. E. N., car
Review. dh-tf
FOR SALE 12 room apartment house
completely furnished. Price reason
able. 163 Opera Drive. Pbone Blue
1
FOR SALE My ranch and stock j
farming tools. My stock consists of i
dairy cows, two mules, one horse, I
one of the finest cattle ranches in
the county, open range and relin
quishment of 640 acres of land, some
of it under cultivation. Buy stock
and improvements will relinquish
land. Reason for selling fortunes of
war. Will sell cheap if taken at
once. L. A. Engle, Box 1752. 941
FOR SALE Five passenger Buick,
little six. See Shideler on the jitney
service. 968
FOR SALE Five room house with
bath, pantry and wash house. Apply
Mr. Gilbert, 50 Laundry hill. 585
FOR
SALE Cheap, my home, orch
ard, well, garage, lot 150x100, by
Garlield school. Tombstone canyon.
O. G. Kirchner. - 913
.
FOR SALE 191S model "85- Over
land, cheap. See Gates, room 48.
Lowell hotel. 90S
poii SALE Four rooms of good furn-
I iture, almost new, for half price.
Leaving town,
store.
Call at South Bisbee
912
FOR SALE; Gas range, cheap. In
quire Laundry hill, lliggins house.
No. 2. 910
FOR SALE Furnished house with
sewerage connection, rents for third
its vaiue, besides living room for
medium family. Terms If desired.
67 Upper Lowell. 843
roadster.
H. F. M., care Review.
874
FOR SALE French
range.
Apply
873
I Ozark.
FOR SALE Almost new kitchen
cabinet. First house south of high
school, Clawson hill. Mrs. Grace
Williams, Clawson hill. 901
FOR SALE Prospect 21 per cent cop-
per tor 1000. Call at Sunset house.
City.
904
FOR SALE Six room house, lurn-
isned or unfurnished. Large garage.
Terms. 108 Upper Lowell. j94
FOR SALE Furniture for five room
house. 62 A Brewery Gulch. 884
;FOR SALE Kentucky sorghum mo
lasses, at G. O. Branson's, Johnson
j addition. Just arrived. 832
FOR SALE 30 acres citrus fruit land
in Florida, two miles from seashore,
half mile from railroad station, high
and dry, for independent home or in
vestment. Inquire P. O. Box 272. 836
FOR SALE Nicely furnished four
room modern bouse in Warren.
Terms, $1000 cash, balance terms.
Box 732, Warren. 838
FOR SALE OR RENT 160 acres of
land on Naco road, near Don Luis.
Five room house, all necessary out
buildings in good repair; also furni
ture for sale. Extra good quality,
sauie as new. Will sacrifice lor im
mediate sale. J. H. King, P. O. Box
83S. Phone Su2-F-ll. 839
FOR SALE 100 acres of potante
ground, lots of water. Four room
house and fence. Sulphur Spring
valley. Apply P. O. Box 1695. 83S
FOR SALE Furniture for 24 rooms,
five two-room apartments, 14 sleev
ing rooms, in Star Williams rooming
house, opposite city park on Brew
ery avenue. Mrs. George N. Wolfe.
809
FOR SALE Ford touring car, A-l
condition. Price 1450. Terms ar
ranged. Apply Ford garage, John
sou addition. 747
FOR SALE One four room" house
and cabin lurnished, beautiful
yard. Terms, llogan & Seed, . 247
FOR SALE Four room modern
house, scrcened-in porch and sleep
ing porch, good well, largo lev-jl
ground with 20 fruit trees, chicken
yards and houses, garage and ware
house, located Tombstone canyon,
desirable location. See Gus Haigler,
the Main street real estate man.
2S0
FOR SALE Seven room modern
house, with bath, sleeping porch,
large cement porches, two wells,
water system installed, for house
and garcti n purposes, large level lo:,
parage lor two cars, orchard of 60
fruit trees. This is a choice loca
tion in Tombstone canyon, right on
the car line. For price; and terms
sec: Giis Haigler, the Main street
lea! estate man, opposite postoltirc.
279
I JK bAi-,h' t ricaiieu or suits.
1 Levin, Lowell, Ariz.
M.
597
FOR SALE - Prospect 21 per c ent cop
per for $lMii. Call at Sunset house.
City. -S.VJ
FOR S.VLK Fmir plui.
i;.l)-e. gund :is n
D.ingler gas
P. o. Itux 2is.
Foil SALE The Pressure looker.
Phone T'j for l ookers or demuiist ra
tion. Bisbee MaltifbS Woiku H6
1
For Sale
FOR SALE Two lots on Oregon
street, one on Chicago avenue. l.o-
well, Johnson addition, each 30x60
feet. Address M. J. Greenan, Oak
land, Calif, General delivery. 875
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per
sonal note to salaried men and wo
men, also on furniture. Cox Loan
company. Room 7, Sparks Kline
building. 166
Wanted
WANTED TO RENT Ford touring
car, or truck body or other light car.
Will rent for several months at $45
per month. Address Box "C," or
Phone 246. 915
WANTED By young married couple,
without children, a four or five room
furnished house in Warren. Phone
792. 869
WANTED To buy, small business.
Must be reasonable. Give price and
location in first letter. Box 862,
City. 866
WANTED Gas plate or range, lino
leum, carpet, dishes, furniture, etc.
Z.. Review. 867
WE WANT SALES REPRESENTA
TIVES IN EVERY TOWN IN ARI
ZONA We prefer men who have
sold stock, insurance, real estate,
books, or who have had no sales ex
perience but would like to develop
into salesmen. We train every ap-
plicant accepted and provide a sys
tem that will enable anyone who
works to make from J75 to $150 per
week. Position permanent. In ap
plying state age, past business expe
rience, number of years you have
lived in community, and references.
Address in confidence, Kane Mfg.
company, 1626 L. C. Smith building.
Seattle. Wash. 8S3
Legal Notices.
ADVERTISEMENT FOR BIDS
Bids will be received by the Com
mon Council of the City of Bisbee,
Arizona, at a meeting to be held at
th ritv Hall thereof, on the 21st day
of January. 1919, at the hour of 7:30
o'clock P. M., for the following: One
2Vi ton truck with hydraulic steel
dump body, trailer attachment, with
cover over driver's seat, double chain
or worm drive, with wheel base of
from 120 to 144 inches, to be decided
by the Council. Also bids for one
small auto roadster.
A!l hicis must be aceomnanied by
certified check in the sum of not less
than 10 per centum of the bid. pay
able to the Mayor of the City of Bis
bee, conditioned for the faithful per
formance of 'delivery, if accepted by!
the Common Council, and must be
filed with the City Clerk by '5 o'clock
P. M. on said date. The Common
Council reserves the right to reject
any and all bids.
Dated this 10th day of January,
1919.
JACOB ERICKSON,
Attest: M. L. BUTLER. Mayer.
City Clerk.
S53
(By Keview leased Wire)
WARSAW. Monday, Jan. 13 (By the
Associated Press). A pogram is re -
ported to nave laKen piace at rsreo.11-
schew, popularly known as the Jewish
capital of the Ukraine, the place de-
riving its title oecause 01 us au-jew-ish
population. The trouble is report
ed to have occurred as a result of an
attempt by peasants to disarm militia
which the Jews were organizing for
their protection in all centers, which
they anticipated would be necessary
when the Mcscow government breaks
up.
Reports received here give the num
ber ot persons killed as several hun
dred, while other hundreds are de
clared to have been wounded. There
may be some txuggeiatiou as to the
extent of the casualties, however.
It is considered here that the con
trol of Petlura, the Ukrainian leader.
has weakened, as otherwise he would
not have permitted the pograni, his
pclicy previously having been to pro-
tect the Jews when possible.
It is pointed out that the Jews late-
ly have been more bitterly- hated be-
cause of their alleged bolshevik ten-
utrjicict, uiiu aisw, 1111:11 iiiiiu 111. 111
by the bolsheviki as spies in many
cases, they being the only intelligent
or educated instruments obtainable
for this work. j
The Hreditsi-hew referred to. pioli-,
ably is Berdichev, an important com-;
mcrcial town in Ihe government of ,
Kiev. 24 miles south of Zhitomir. Its
population ron-ists mostly of Jews.
The town is one of t!:e most im-'
portuut perls of e ntry in southwest ,
Russia. In the year 154U Berdichev!
was assigned to the Poles under the
treaty rf Deiuarkatlun between the!
Lithuanians and the Poles.
d. K. Ireveil, evpert in siibj'.i!
teliiting to the inamilHrt nre if dairy;
inKiuils. of Hie bureau of animal;
iiidtisiry, will spend from one to two,
weeks in Artniia , beginning January!
1'. isi1it14 ei'inity arii tiliurul aenMl
and i oiilei ; i.i', with Ihe creamer
men a. ill nihil maitiiiai 1 111 its. I1s;
(lip h.ei been pl:i:ineil hy Stale t:;ur'
Commissioner W. A. lian. wli.t
ill eiiiiip iny hill
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS'
UKRANlANS MURDER
JEWISH RESIDENTS
If
j Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK. Jan. 15. Indication
j tf an over-extension of the short ac
i ccum and free offerings of call money
' at 4 per cent, contributed as much as
any other factor to tne Detter ten
dencies manifested by today's stock
market.
Trading retained much of its specu
lative character, however, pools be
coming aggressively active in oils,
tobaccos and motor specialties, but
signs of substantial support were not
lacking several of the more repre
sentative issues recently under pres-
1 sure.
Tho most striking exception to the
higher trend was the shipping divi
sion. Marine preferred losing an ex
treme of 2V points, but making up
the pre iter part of Its 038 at the end.
i Sturtohaker. Gulf States Steel and
j ,vmeriean Woolen were among the
other heavy issues.
United States Steel was far less ac
tive than usual.
Mexican Petroleum and Texas com
pany guided the oils at gross gains
of 4 and 7 points.
Trading in motor shares centered
in the subsidiaries, especially rubber
specialties at substantial advances.
Sales amounted to 425,000 shares.
Liberty bonds and foreign issues
were steadier, but the general bonds
of the Pennsylvania, St. Paul and
Erie roads w-Jre heavy. Total sales,
par value, aggregated $9,350,000. Old
United States bonds were unaltered
on call.
METAL MARKET.
YORK, Jan. 15. Lead-
NEW
Un-
changed.
Spelter Weak, spot East St. I.onis
delivery offered $7.3", January $7.30.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Jan. 15. Prospects of a
falling off in the volume of domestic
receipts together with likelihood of
delays to shipments from Argentina
had a bullish effect today on corn.
The market closed unsettled 1V4 to
2 net higher, with FeDruary $1.32
to $1.327& and May $1.25"i to $1.2S.
Oats gained to . In provisions,
the outcome ranged from 7c decline
to 72c advance.
Closing quotations January 15, 1919.
(L. J. Overlook. Broker.)
NEW YORK.
Anucondc
6oi,i
48
91
73
114
71
57
36
159
58 s4
57
Amn. Can
Amn. Car
Amn. Smelters
Amn. Sugar . . .
Baldwin
Beth. It
C. F. 4 I
i Canadian Pacific
, Central Leather
Crucible
: Distillers 51
j hrie
j Goodrich . ...
General Motors
17
61 4
126
Ind
Alcohol . 102'4
Lackawanna
j Marine
j Marine pfd., ex. div..
Midvale
i Mexican Petroleum . .
'- Y. C
Reading
I Rubber
I Republic Steel, ex. div
644
24
102
42
184-i
74
80-
77V;
72
1 Studebaker : 49
j Steel com
!St. Paul
Southern Pacific
; Sinclair Oil
91Vi
40j
IOoMj
35 ?s
Texas Oil 192
i Union Pacific 128
il'. S. M
' United Motors ".
Westingiicuse
j BOSTON
i Adventure
! Allcuez
44
41
80
43-4
Alaska
A, (-omI
im
;jjUUe j
(
( u
p' rjanye
60
432
42
7-
'W
9
80
44'4
35
75
44
. Chino ...
E. Hutte
Gran by .
G. Can. .
GoidfieH
Hancock
1-
111 mar.'
nKpratin '
Kennecolt
Keweenaw Ido
Luk?
i-a Sylle
Miami
Mohawk
Mayflower
Nevada
N. Butte
2;U
24 8
54
2h;
16-h
11
8 li
Nip ... .
Old Dom.
w...ii i
pnnd rv"
QUjncv
,,.
0
filattU(k j;;i
1.., .... .
St. Maryj
Superior Boson
Unh Copper . . . . . . .
Utah Con
Winona
CURBS.
A. & A
45
S'i
I'M
11
OLD AGE STARTS
WITH YOUR KIDNEYS
ftiinri ft Ihn "I ?
weakened kidney arA
hcci"" with
iitivi" onraiii.
Thin heiiis tr" i' i' n'v ! iiievc
that by kf--ii'I t!i '-...lnoy i ,:a.l
livp organ elennsed m.d in pr"or v ot';-
n omer 011 bkc e "' :""'.
hie prolonged fur lwond that cujed
i'j the averago ydson.
For over DC0 yonva C;OT.r MFTATj
Haarlem Oil has leen renevin; ti.
wenkne.t ..-n rT"i disnbiiity lia to ndvnnr
ii'g ye:;rr. It in i rt.iaii.ird old-lhuP
In me roT'itvl- r l ,"'.; i e iiitr ?hirtinr..
;01.1) MI'.liAL ll.ir.ih ro Oil is inclosed
i:i n!nrlcm, i islrh ss rnr.lot rantaiu-
inc n!"i drr ri'h. ri ck them
you a ai. mtii a .t.ii:iiv oi
V. atcr. The cii eiioiulctcs the tiaucj
LEASED WIRE
Ariz. Bing
Ariz. Sil King
Big Ledge
Butte & London...
Cal. & Jer
Cornelia
Con. Ariz
Con. Copper Mines.
Cosden
Cresson Gold
Curtiss
Denn
4
H
is
16
Vi
17
m
57,
7
13
17
Dundee 100
Emma
Federal Oil
Gadsden
Green Monster ...
Grand Island
Hull
Howe Sound
Hecla
Iron Caps
J. Verde
Magma Copper ...
Magma Chief
Miami Con
Mines of America.
Okmulgee
Porphyry
5
2
3
18
40
4
16
Vi
26
H
5
100
2Vi
80
2
Ray Here.
Tom ReeU 165
Tuolomne . . .
U. Eastern . .
Verde Ex. ...
Verde Comb.
Wol. Ariz. ..
West End ...
85
34
2',i
OATMAN.
(By Collins & Bretherton.)
Argo )
Adams ,
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R
Pig Jim Con
Boundary" Cone
Cold Ore
.06 .07
.02 .03
.15
.03
.06 .07
. -02
.03 .04
.02
.15
.05 .06
.05 .06
.11 .14
1.64 1.67
4.12 425
.02 .04
.20
2.87 3.00
.37 .50
.14 .16
.95 1.00
.02 .04
.11 .12
.45 .50
.10 .12
.17
.06 .12
.35 .40
.12 .25
2.00 2.06
.70 .87
.02 .05
.50
.52
.40
5.75 6.00
.50 .80
.43 .50
.12
Gold Cliff .
Lucky Boy
Sunn) side .
Tom Reed
United Eastern
United Western
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome
Jerome Verde
Jerome Portland
Ins-Needles
Hull Ooppe?
Magma Chief
Wolv-Arizona
Verde Combination
Miami Consolidated ...
Verdo Squaw
Kay Copper
Nacozari Consolidated
Con. Cop. Mines
Porphyry
Cal. i- Jerome ".
Feather River
WOULD RELEASE PLAYERS
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15. Han. B.
Johnson, president of the American
league, conferred with officials of the
war department today, relative to se
curing the early discharge from mili
tary service of baseball players now in
France who are under contract with
American league clubs in time to per
mit them to joiu the clubs during their
spring training. While no announce
ment was made as to the result of the
conference, it is understood that of
ficials of the department are disposed
to accelerate the discbarge of the play
ers as much a possible.
Mr. Johnson left Washington to
night for New Y'ork, but will return
in a few days to present to officials
of the department a full list of the
American league players now in
France with the units to which they
are attached.
, STOW UPSET?
Get at the Real Caus Take Dr,
Edwards' Olive Tablets
That's what thousands of stomach
sufferers are doing now. Instead of
taking tonics, or trying to patch up a
poor digestion, they are attacking ths
real cause of the ailment clogged liver
and disordered bowels.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets arouse tru
liver in a soothing, healing way. When
the liver and bowels are performing their
natural functions, away goes indigestioa
xnH stomach troubles.
J If you have a bad taste in your
"0 mouth, toncua coated, appetite poor,
l's'Iazy, don'Kare feeling, no ambition or
60 enerav. troubled with undigested foods.
: you should take Olive Tablets, the sub
stitute tor caiomei.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets are a
purely vegetable compound mixed with
olive oil. You will know them by their
olive color. They do the work without
griping, cramps or pain.
Take one or two a: bedtime for qy.'.c
relief, so yon can eat wht you like
At 10c and 25c per bos. AI' -.'aisgisUi
net en
: nfi tli
ai"l "inl-.lr tl: niyana in throw
pniuop i 'r..-li mil- pHMimtur
ll ai. .rv lie rvl sirrtiTtli iH'Ti:iim
r. ;.-ei ieiitimii the tr-a' in -ii. When
eoaipl lv r tin-d vm:ui taki'n a
t SMjitly or tv e:vli duv. litli.l MM-
,L llar-rlem Oil Capsules v ill keep Ton
. . , ..,.', ,..,., tnrn
i f the. ili.'.eaKO
ro not T-a:t nn!il old nz er disease
ii.-vfl nettled down for jt.xmI. At Uie firt
Fipn tint your !,i l-iry are net workinj
properly, E 10 vnur iln-pif. and get a
box of (iti.l MFn.VI. Hasrlem Oil
Capsule. Muner r"fuml"ci i:' they di
m t l;rlp y ni. Three Hut r-
frrrrr to ii.k for th- oris'l'HI Inipor'el
, i,i i.if iit.uj.Li prsno. ia setuta paci-
I age j.
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the es
sential facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of
gathering will be found under their respective headings In these columns.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
night. Moose HalL
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
K. L GLEASON,
Dictator
BI8BEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
G A. PLCNKETT, N. O.
LilSTER EUSTACE, Sec'y.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lilv Temp'.e No. 3 meets every 2aa
snd fourth Tuesday evening ot each
month at Odd Fellows Hail. Visiting
sisters are cordially lnviteci.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E, C
Phone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE. M. of R. C.
Box 1476
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175, F. O.
IT moatfl 1 at
fflt'll and 3d Tues-
Eagles' Hall.
Visitors cor-
d 1 a 1 1 y wel
come. EDWIN OLLERENSHAW, Pres.
F. C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
C. U EDM UNDSON, Aerte Physician
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN ,
Richard L Homestead $9!, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vich hall. Visiting Archers are cor
dially Invited.
F. W. TURNER, Foreman,
Phone Black 411.
P. O. Box 981, Warren.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent, Box 1496.
WEEK ENDING JANUARY 18, 1919.
Monday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
THOMAS HARGIS, V. M.
B. T. W ATKINS. (Sec'y V. & A. M. -W.
R. BANKS. E. H. P.
N. C. BLEDSOE, T. I. M.
J. L. POWELU E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
L. O. L. NO. 210.
meets in t. O
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. WM. T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee.
CITY DYE WORKS
Cleaning k Pressing
Phone 739. Opp. Y. W. C. A.4
MONEY TO LOAN .
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry. Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
Chicken Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED COMFY
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
r
C H. HOGAR
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phono 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAN
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
r v.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIA8
Rath bone Lodge No. 11
Knights of Pythias.
k 3 meets eaca i uesuay
j lexcepi Seconal in uue
Fellows' Hall at 7:W
t rVj P. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
JACK CAIN, C. C.
W. E. McCALLUM, K. of R. 3-
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON, Exalter Ruler
C. W. HICKS, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m., Finnish hall.
D. C. SAXBY, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
OPOER OF EASTERN STAR
meets tn Masonic FiaD
Pearl Chapter. No. 6. meet
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth - Tuesday of eact
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. HELENA RAGSDALE. W. M.,
Phone 500.
MRS. JESSIE SEVAN. Sec'y. P. a
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com..
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in I ft O. f
Kali First and Third
Saturdays. V i s 1 1 it
brothers welcome.
J. L. BENTON, Councillor.
P. L. WOODMAN, Jr., Rec. Secy.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
Bisbee Lodge No
452 meets the 2d
and 4th Satur
days each month
at 7:30 at New
Odd F e 1 low'
Hall. Visiting members cordially in
vited. JULIA POOLE. President,
Phone 278.
GEO. POOLE. Trees.. P. O. Box 2229.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary.
Box 1621. '
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
'"fjti? Eisbee Camp No. 1341s
Medigovich HalL
S. T. MOSS. Consul.
J. F. MATHEWSO-N.
Clerk.
, 1
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patrons js
PHONE 58
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE"
A. OWERS, Mgr., Bakerville
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse ft Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 5&
COLLINS &
VV'e Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Blis., Main itrctt
Phone 26 Box 1129
i avr-
FV-7' THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1919.
SIX
CITY BRIEFS
Has any onf visited yon? Or have
you entertained? U so. call The
Review Society EJitor, Waek 6S1.
TO SAN MARCOS.
A. r. Hon and family ilea:tej yes
tcruay morr.ing r San Marcos, Tex.
RYAN IS ILL?
J. (.'. Ryan, county hirhway engi
neer, is ill wit!; im'liiei'.'j.
COES TO TEXAS.
Mrs. W. G. Leiueweher dei-arted
yesterday morning for Sun Marcos,
Tex.
INFLUENZA VICTIMS.
Members of the Pentloy family, who
reside in D'ibaclier canyon, are suffer
ing with iulluenza.
DR. HARSH MAN ILL. j
Dr. Charles W. H fisr.nwn, paster
of the Methodist church, is confined j
to his home by illness.
GEMHLE TO NACO. j
Quarantine Officer Bert Gemhle;
left yesterday for Naeo where he will
p'aie several houses under quaran-j
ti!1P" i
EOWDEN FASSES THROUGH.
Percy Bowden, formerly deputy
sheriff stationed in Douglas, passed !
tlirouph the citv yesterday afternoon
en route Irom Tombstone -to Douglas.!
I
TO INSPECT MINES.
Ed Massey, d-puty state mine in
spector, has gone to Paradise to in
spect the mining properties in that
vicinity. He
days.
will re;urn in a fewt
i
i
I
MOVES HIS OFFICE.
J. A. Holden, architect and superin- j
tendent of houses for the Warren com
pany in the new third addition, has
moved his office from the Warren
company's building to a temporary ,
frame structure near the El Paso & j
Southwestern railroad tracks anlnearj
the addition, where he will be in bet-j
ter position to observe and direct I
wcrk. !
TODAY ONLY
Harold Lloyd Comedy
"LEI'S GO"
SPECIAL MUSIC
BY GRIBBLE'S
6-PIECE
ORCHESTRA
64
I
H
PARTS
fEMLE THEATER
A wonderful productcion depicting the conditions of pre-revolution days of Russia.
THIS IS A FICTURE WE DO NOT HESITATE TO GUARANTEE
REMEMBER THIS PICTURE SHOWN TODAY ONLY
ADMISSION: Children, 10c;
Tomarrowl-TMI MIX in "Ace Hugh"
To-Day
ONLY!
L
ARTCRAFT PICTURES CORP. PRESENTS the foremost star of the silent drama
MARY PIGKFORD
IN
The erection of great Army Camps all over the country has brought an element of
much needed romance into many a country girl's life. Johanna never
had a beau ar.d is just dying for one. See her catch one.
also
Outing Chester Pictures Present "SABA"
the astonishing, strangest and most wonderful of all islands,
and A TRIANGLE KEYSTONE COMEDY
"SANITARIUM SCANDLES" A Gloom Dispenser
Lower floor, 13c, war tax, 2c, total. 15c Balcony 9c, war tax lc, total ...10c
Reserved
OVER FROM NACO. SHERIFF RETURNS.
T. P. rook, inspei-tor in oliarne. anil Chief lepmy h'herilf Tom ('. Foster
!nir.!..r?ti )!i Insyi'i tor 0. S. Griffith I jt lxwo!l. who for the past week has
of Naeo were in the city yesterday j been in Douglas, returned to the dl-fi,.m,n-i
ait. n.iiii.' to details of off i- rrii t yesterday afternoon. Sheriff
cii l business.
TRANSFERRED FROM LOWELL.
Robert Hamilton, for some time
j connected witli Tovrea's Lowell niar
iket, biis been transferred to the Bis
rc store. Mr. Hamilton formerly
iwas employed at the Bisbee store.
RETURNS FROM EAST.
L. C. Shattuck. president of the
Miners & Merchants' bank and man -
! asiiiR director of the Shattuck-Ari-
zona and Denn companies, has re
turned from a visit of several weeks
in the east.
FLU AT DON LUIS. ?
While there is nothing resembling I
an epidemic there are a number of;
cases cf influenza in Don Luis. As a ;
roiiilt a number of parents are re-j
prrtc-d t:i be keening their children I
awav from school. I
i
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS. !
Undelive red telegrams at the west-1
eru Union for the following: Samuel (
Liendecker, Ouna Bayestero, Rosalio j
Lopez, Lem Meyers, j. Tucker. E. W. j
Seigler. Guy W. Powell, Irvie Rollang, j
W. H. Coalter. N. H. King. ,
OCCUPIES WARREN RESIDENCE. .
Dr. W. M. Randolph of the Phelps :
Dodce medical staff and his family
have occupied 37 Sixteenth terrace.
Warren. The Randolphs had the mis
fortune last week to be burned out
for the second time within a year.
CANNOT FIND RELATIVES.
Although every effort has been j
made to do so, relatives of Jack De-
vitt, a well-known miner who died aj
few days ago. have not been located.
The body is being held at the morgue j
of the Palace Undertaking company.!
OVER FROM TOMBSTONE.
Mrs. Mary Costeilo and Mrs. Grace j
Lowry of Tombstone were in Bisbee 1
yesterday, returning to the county
seat on the afternoon stage. Mrs. j
Costello was here to attend to busi-j
ness connected with her local prop-j
erty holdings.
Continuous: 1 TO 11 P. M.
PATKE PRESENTS
FAUN IE
Assisted by WARNER OLAND in an Adaptation of
MICHAEL MORTON'S Famous Stage Success
Adults 15c; Reserved, 25c;
THEATER
seats 22c, war tax 3c, total
LYRIC
Foster was relieved of h's duty m
the smelter city by Deputy Sheriif
Joe Hanlwick of that city.
HUGHES HOLDING OUT.
County Assessor Ed Hughes, who
has been quite ill for several days
with influenza, was resting easy last
niu'ht -lfier having held his own all
day in the battle with the disease, ae-
cording to a telephone message irom
.the county seat last night.
WILLIAM GILL HOME.
William Gill, the first P.isbee man
t.. bo wounded in France, has re-
I turned to Bisbee after having been
discharged from the hospital in which
he has been receiving treatment since
being wounded in August. He was
shot through the lett elbow.
VISITS WITH RELATIVES.
Ensign M. H. Rodemyer of the
crew of the United States battleship
Arkansas, arrived in the Warren dis-
trict yesterday to spend several days
visiting with his mother and sister.
At the end or his leave he will report
again for duty aboard the Arkansas.
APPEAL TO NURSES.
An appeal asking the enrollment of
an practical nurses with the Warren
rjstritt Relief association has been
sent out by that association. It is
pointed out that the demand for
nurses in the past few weeks has ex
reeded the supply ami that more are
urgently needed.
DOUGLAS COUPLE MARRIED.
The marriage of one of the most
popular couples in Douglas was sol
emnized last Sunday evening, when
Miss Bessie May became the bride of
S. M. Greenidge. Rev. W. C. Brewer
performed the ceremony at the Pres
byterian parsonage. Mrs. Greenidge
formerly was a school teacher In the
Douglas public schools. The couple
will make their home In Courtland
where Mr. Greenidge Is superintend
ent of the Leadville company's mines.
The groom is well known throughout
northern Mexico and Arizona as a
mining man and engineer.
TODAY ONLY
6
PARTS
This includes the war tax.
iontinuous
V From
1:00 to 11:00
P.M.
25c
Enlists
1
:MRS. MONTGOMERY DEAD.
News was received yesterday by
l.laiin'3 Malley cf the death in Oak
land Cal.. of Mrs. Leonard Mimtgoni
!ery and her 4-year-old child, .lanii
!arv 6. Mr. Montgomery, uuiil three
j years ago. was a -member of the El
I Paso Ac Southwestern railroad rum
pany forces here. j
j WARREN POSTOFFICE.
j The annual receipts of the Warren
j postoffke, made public by Postmaster;
J. M. Hyrns yesu id;1". wi re $.047.7-'. ;
ja total reflecting the steady growth!
of the pretty residence suburb. Dur
ing the 12 months of ISIS $f,7.71i.:7 (
' wo; th of war saving sianips were sol 1 1
bv the Warreir oliice.
BAND CONCERT TONIGHT. ,
The reorganized Y. M. C. A. boys'
band will hold a concert tonipht in
the Y. M. C. A. band room. This is
the last meeting of the boys at which
charter members wii! be enrolled in
the organizai ion. and :. large attend
ance is re,!u.-3tej. The concert will
start at 7:"0 o'clock sharp.
formerly
HOLT RETURNS HERE.
John Holt of Los Angeles.
an employe of the Phelps Dodge croiv
nanv store in 'Lowell, returned to
the
district yesterday. Mr. Holt will
st.nie th management of the P!i
as-1 ,
Mps
Dodge shipping depa.tmcii i;i war-
ren. He lelt the district about a year
ago and was connected with
the large fruit packers on the
coast.
I The Hank of Itis'nee has total re-
DIED OF WOUNDS. 'sources of :l.G10.i:;2.l:?, individual de-
WorJ was received yesterday by T. ; p((si;s f $2,047. 2S:: S'J, savings deposits
M. Enochs of the 1'helps Uodge com- ot .sjir.l.CoI.eO. The ioar.s and discounts
pany store in Tiisbee of the death last arp piilc.d at $l.fiS.ri,r9.52.
October 8 in a hospital in France ofj T. f;tiZpns iank & Trust company
Harold Gimblett, a former emidoye r( sour;t,s are ,,ia. t d at $57S .5ti.4i. ln
of the I!i.-.bee store. Mr. Gimbl-tl was; dividual deposits are :!70.Si:t0.43 and
wounded in the fighting in the Ar-;Sinil,s8 deposits tl"2.")S3.l. Loans
gonne forest on September 2!l and j aml discounts are listed at i271.020.23.
died ten days later. He was with the Tne 0( Lev ell has total re-
91st divi.sion. sources of $212.4 1S.5.H. with 1S5,J56.35
j and loans and discounts of $120.S41.6'J.
RAILROADER HERE.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank N. Armstrong m re r f r f" t
?"srhwi!SrtyMer!MRS. CHIADO PASSES
Armstrong is one of the oldest em- i
p'.oyes of the EI Paso & Southwest
ern railroad system in number o
years served tbe roal and at present
Is an engineer on the Douglas divi
sion. The Armstrongs formerly re-
sided in Upper Lowell and are well
known in the district.
HURT IN ACCIDENT.
Howard Houston, resident of the
district for many years, was cut and
bruised about the head and shoulders
late last night when the automobile
in which he was riding in South Bis
bee turned over on a steep grade.
The steering gear of the machine is
supposed to have been faulty. Hous
ton was taken to the C. ft A. hospital,
but a few minutes later was removed
to his home. His injuries are minor.
OFFICER DECORATED.
The third officer, from Arizona of
the American expeditionary forces to
be decorated for gallantry recently ;
received tie Belgian war cress. lUi is j
LL Lewis Douglas, son of James Doug-i
las, and received the medal for his I
services in the battle of Audenarde. I
The other two Arizona officers who
have received the same honor are Opt. j
Paul Ferry, of Tucson, and Lt. Mar- j
shal Brockway, of Phoenix. '
BOYS RETURNED. I
Two Bisbee boys, who for the past !
few days have been detained in Doug- j
las by the officials there, have been
returned to the city. The boys were !
unable to give satisfactory reasons j
for their presence in the smelter city j
and were being held by the officers I
pending word from their relatives
here. The boys, Jesse and Owen Wes
tern, are brothers "and were returned '
to their parents by C. V. Thompson, '
boyB' secretary at the Y. M. V. A'., 1
who was recently appointed assistant
probation officer. Another Pisbee
youth, William HUlman, 14, spent a ;
night with a tnan living near the
C. & A. smelter in Douglas, and it
was learned that he now is in Apache.
He is the son of P. A. Hillman, head .
carpenter in a mine here.
SHATTUCK MILL IS
CLOSED AS RESULT OF
LOW MARKET FOR LEAD
As a result of the recent drop in
the price of lead and the fact that
there is at present no market for the
lar.eer part of the lead produced in the
United States, the mill of the Shattuck
Arizona Copper company was closed
yesterday afternoon when the morning
shift came off. Approximately 40 men
who were employed In it were laid off.
In the mine, about 45 men who were
engaged in getting out the lead silver
ore for the mill, also were laid off.
There may .be slight reduction in the
overhead force, also, lt was intimated.
At the present time, as far as can be
ascertained, no reduction in the cop
per mining force of the Shattuck com
pany is contemplated.
Watkins Funeral
Largely Attended
The funeral of W. W. Watkins.
held yesterday afternoon at the Ma
sonic temple on Main street, was one
I of the most largely attended funeral
. services held here In many months.
The floral tributes were particularly
numerous and beautiful. The Masonic
I burial ritual was observed.
The pallbearers, four of whom were
Masons ar.d the other two business
associates of Mr. Watkins, were
1 Messrs. James Allison. W. R Hanks.
' Dr. Itockfellow. T. Metralf. Albert
Ilergquist and Gerald Debely.
Interment was made in Kvercrren
SBEE BARKS IN
FINE CONDITION
!0
Lruaio vi
I Ti:e l):'.iik of the War.-, n district
are in excellent condition, according to
I the 'reports puidis-lied shc.vii'g their
i condition at the close of ii'i-iites I1' -i
cer.iher :il. Th.? ex'e!l'T.i-e of the
jslio.viiu is Tit subject for comment as
tue C'liihincU rcsnun es of The four
b.-.iiking institutions umi'.int to ;s. ;i'j.-
, 2 ll.CS.
The sitbstaiHi.il citizenship of the
. Watren district is indicated by the to
tal of d- posits subject to chi" k. which
is 5"..41S..7G.oS. this' would if
I divided anrmg the population a pro
j rata aeor.mit of f 216.77 for every until.
: vtom:in and child in l'is-liee. i.oie!l.
; Warren and all of the adjoining euiup.-t
1 u.;h u . . 111ul2 U1) liinlct.
Tiler;? are in t addition large sums on
deposit in the term of savi; gs. time
certilic-itcs of deposit, ete.
The .Miners A: Merchants bank
slloJS
total resources of ?:;.!'24.oiu.aS
with individual deposits of $2.SOS.245.-
ns AO
one "f. 41, time deposits of If 7o3.1S6.22. The
Paciric J i0;ltlS alu discounts are listed at $1.
' S2'J.;t5ri.'J2.
AWAY WEDNESDAY
Mrs. Lois K. Chiado, aeed 30 years,
wife of J. P. t'hiado. a well known
contractor, and for 15 years a resi
dent of the district, tiieu at the fam
ily home in Warren yesterday morn
ing at 10 o'clock of pneumonia fol
lowing influenza, having been sick
ton d:'.ys. The funeral services will
be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock
on the lawn of the home in Warren.
Rev. C. H. Compton of the Baptist
church will officiate.
After the services the body will be
shipped by tl.e Palace
company to San Diego,
tcrment.
reside her husband.
Undertaking
t'al.rfor in-
Mrs. C'hiadc
leaves one brother, Harry Wren of
Warren, her parents and one other
brother who are residents of Los
Angeles. Cal., two brothers in Ka:;
E?s Cl'y, V.c, one sister in San Diego
and anclher in Oakl ind. Pal., and one
sister in Cerna C'opia, Ore.
UNIVERSITY HEAD TO
SPEAK TWICE TODAY
Dr. II. 11. Von KloinSmid, president
cf the 1'niversi'j- of Arizona, arrive J
in the city on the late tt.iin last night
.nj wiil speak twice in the district
today. HI first address will be de
livered at the meeting of the Warren
District Luncheon club at the Copper
Queen hotel et noon. His tonic will
Mrs. Jones Ishen
VOICE BUILDING. TONE PRO
DUCTION and the ART OF SING
ING. Prom the beginning to the
highest perfection. Free voice trial.
JPhone Green 721 for appointment.
Soils
SPECIAL OFFER THIS WEEK
ONLY, ALL $50.00 AND
$45.00 SUITS FOR
$40.00
$75.00 AND $65.00 SUITS FOR
$55.00
FABRIC, STYLE AND FIT ALL
GUARANTEED
We are the only tailors in the
city who make your clothes in our
own shep. We can make your
clothes cheaper than you can buy
them ready made.
FRUIIMM'S
FASHION SHOP
TAILORS FOR MEN AND
WOMEN
Opp. American Express Co.
Phone 7-? Main St.
NewTailoiing
DEPARTMENT
We do our own designing and
cutting, and try cn each garment
befol completed, which assures
a perfect fit. Alterations, clean
ing, pressing and repairing neatly
done.
II. MICHAELS, Tailor,
With Miller Shirt and Hat Shop
Main St., Bisbee
leu's
l-e one fitted to the occasion and audi
ence. I .liter; at p. m., he ill address,
Use wotai n of Uishee. at the Y. W. C.
A. u-.iii'-r the auspices of t!ie Twen
tittii (Vnlury club. All women of the
di tiiit :;ri- i.:'. ite.l to be present.
he- speakers ill the south wist are
the equals of the eloquent head of tliv?:
jrtale university, while his versatility!
i r.ml erti lit'on. as weil as his peculiar'
adaptability to the surroundings in
: which lie may be placed make his:
, talks real treats. 1
Business Locals
BLACKSMITH COAL
Just unloaded one car of Ajax
smithing coal. Bropby Carriage com
pany. Lowell. 562
ATTENTION. B. P. O. E.
Regular meeting Bisbee lodge. No.
C71. H. P. O. E.. will be held Friday
evening. Jantu.rv 17. 1919.
JAMES ALLISON.
i'Cl Exalted Ruler.
LOST.
: Liberal reward will be paid for re
! tern of legale fox terrier wearing El
Pas; tiber'y bell dog license tag.
lirir.dlw-head. b!ack spot oil left side
!
Grand Theater
5BT Saturday, Jan. 1 8
i
j
l
,r
II
M
-4
1 j
Presenting a Gorgeous Minstrel First Part and Olio
of Novelties. 8 big vaudeville acts 8
60-Feoi3!e-80
INCLUDING THE CRACK FIRST CAVALRY BAND
Frices 50c, 75c and $1.00
Seatc on sale at the box office, starting Thursday, from
1:C0 to
.'IT - -' ' '' '
a
: tWJ l ITU
.Grand Theater!
TODAY Continuous, 1:C0 to 11:00 TODAY
THE DAREDEVIL OF THE SCREEN
HELEN GIBSON
in the big r&ilroad melodrama
"DANGER AHEAD"
Also JU ANITA HANSON and JACK MULHALL in
the severih episcds of
. "THE BRASS BULLET"
(THE DEPTH BOMB)
and for a good laugh, see
"A Pullman Blunder"
Lower floor 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Balcony 4c, war tax lc, total 5c
U Central
j LOWELL Continaoas
A
FLORENCE REED
"The Struggle Everlasting"
By EDWIN MILTON ROYLE
Also, a Paramount Sennet Comedy, in two reels
"SHERIFF NELL'S TUSSLE"
With FOLLY MORAN end BEN TURPIN
rl
U Adults 13c, war tax 2c, total 20c
-l Children 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Reserved seats 30c
ar.d hl.-.ek bobbed tail with white tip.
Had pups receaily ai'd is with mil::,
lie: urn to Tiio ltv:ew for rewurd.
Dr. rlayfalr. Ostepth. 9S Mason
Hia, Mr.son car stop. Phone Pine 647.
NOTICE
Mrs. W. M. Wittig has opened hair
dressing parlors at her residence on
Hoveland street. Warren, near Green
way school. Full line of Marrinello
preparations. Phone Blue SID. S7i
ROCKHILL'S STACE
r.isbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbe.
Bisbee Auto company. 7:45 a. m.. 13"
p. m. Phone Bisbee 5. A;! v.
NIGHTS OF COLUMBUS DANCE
At the Penny hall Saturday. January
IS. AdmlsUun H I-irger the crowd
the better.
NOTICE
Commencing January 2 I will s 11
all grot cries at cost price. Stric'Jjr
cah. i'ome in and look 't the prices.
2S (ICS HK'KEY.
L. L. uilSl&n sei:s tte New Edison.
Tl:e Phonograph With a Soe.l."
Painter and Paper Hanging. Signs.
C. J. BRANDT
Box 130 27 Broadway. Phone 436.
10:00 P.M.
.. mo
1 ..'...v'.'Vhl
Theater!
1:C0 to 11:00 p. m. TODAY
-in-
cemetery.