'f, '
1 1
WEATHER
COPPER PRICE
Average price of copper for
week ending December 10,
Engineer and Mining Journal
quotation, 17.979.
Wednesday and Thursday,
night or Thursday,
eastern portion Wednesday
cloudy, possibly rain south-
Full Leased Wire Report of The Associated Press
VOL. 22 No. 297
EIGHT PAGES
BISBEE, ARIZONA, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1919
EIGHT PAv.S
PRICE FIVE CENTS
811
fUJ .
r tm t u u-ft i.-r jl am n n n m y r
1 3
prra
MM
j iu
X
?
4
i
"f .
f
.PALMER GILLS ON
RATE WITH DEPARTMENT IN
GAMPA1GN TOGUJ- LIVING COST
Asks Mayors to Form Fair Price Boards, Womento Buy
Nothing But Necessities Till Prices Drop, People Gen
erally to Work for Industrial Peace and Four
Minute Men to Talk
CHICAGO, Dec. 16. Attorney
General A. Mitchell Palmer to
day mapped out the program of
the department of justice to
bring down the cos, of living at
a meeting of 400 city officials and
heads of civic organizations and
club women of Illinois called by
Governor F. O. Lowden.
Pledging the full power of his
department In the prosecution of
hoarders and profiteers, Mr.
Palmer called for the assistance
of every man and woman "In the
" country for a national fight
against high prices.
Explaining the plan of action,
whereby fair price committeeB in
every community become agents of
the federal government in enforcing
its decrees, Mr. Palmer laid down a
program of five courses of action,
which, if carried out, would do much
to deal a death blow to the high cost
of living. They are:
Supreme Court Rules Against
Texans in Famous Case
of Big Tract
PHOENIX, Dec. 16. The supreme
court of Arizona today handed down
a decision in the Caca Float number
five. case, in which former Senator
Pailey of Texas, his son, "Weldon
Bailey and other prominent Texans
uorp involved as owners of the prop
erly. The supreme court sustained
the position of the state tax commis
sion and Santa Cruz county, Ariz.,
that the land grant should be taxed
fnr hf vears 1913-1916. inclusive. 10
the amount of $95,000. The grant
tr.tnia 100.000 acres.
The tax levy had been the subject
of litigation in the superior court of
snnta Cruz county early in 1917.
Judge Patee of Pima county, sitting
for the occasion, ruled that taxauon
should not apply for 1913 and 1914
nnrvev of the grant had not
been filed, but should apply for 1915
and 1916. On appeal the supreme
,.,. .mhPM the lower court as to
taxation for 1915 and 1916, but held
tax should also.be imposed for the
auotine a ruling of
the supreme court of the Lnlted
States that a state was empow
. .i.ims to land as well as land
itself and that a claim to Caca Float
number five had been coniirmea uy
the United States supreme court
pror to the filing of the survey.
Soldier Champion '
Knocks Out Pelky
nob Martin of
1 LUUIO, ;v.
Akron, Ohio, heavy-weight champion
of the Inter allied armies, knocked out
Aurthur Pelky or umanu m
of a scheduled eight round bout here
tonight.
HARRY NEW ON TRIAL.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 16. Eleven
jurors have been accepted tentative
ly when adjournment was taken late
today in the trial in the superior
court here of Harry New, alleged son
of Senator Harry S. New of Indiana,
charged with the murder of Miss Fre
da Lesser, his sweetheart. Two were
women.
HURT IN CRASH
PHOENIX, Dec. 16. Gorge Searles,
Clyde Lewi3 and Harry Lewis, occu
pants of an automobile were severely
injured today when the car crashed
against the cirbirg here.
595,000 TAXES
1ST BE PUD
BY BACH FLOAT
CITIZENS TO
bmsm m m
1. .Organization of fair price com
mittees in every city and county,
backed by mayors and prosecuting
aUorneye, with the committees sup
porting United States district attor
neys. 2. Organization of women to re
fuse to buy anything but actual, nec
essities until prices come down.
3. Holding of "conservation ' and
economy meetings" in every com
munity under the auspices of civic
bodies.
4. Influence of mayors and prose
cutors to be brought to bear on the
"warring elements", to prevent fac
tional disturbances in industry and
particularly to bring about an indus
trial peace of at least six months
duration.
5. Remobilization of the "four
minute men" to deliver "work and
save" addresses in theatres each
night.
ELKS READY-TO
PHOENIX. Dec. 16. Phoenix
Lodge. No. 335. B. P. O. E.t passed
a resolution offering to support the
authorities in the campaign against
the I. W. W. and the Bolshevik! at
its last meeting. The action was
taken in resDonse to an appeal from
the Tacoma lodge of Elks, several of
whose members have suffered in I.
W. W. riots, to lodges throughout the
country. Copies were sent to the Ari
zona delegation in Congress. The
resolution follows:
"Be it Resolved, by the Phoenix
Lodge No. 335 of the Benevolent and
Protective Order of Elks:
"That we view with deep concern
the spread of disloyalty and of se
ditious sentiment promulgated by syn
dicalists, I. W. W.'s and the Bolshe
viki. "We believe that the time has ar
rived when Americans should assert
themselves and drive from these
shores all disloyal aliens " and ade
quately punish those who betray their
country by lisloyal acts. We hereDy
call uDon the United States congress
to immediately enact a law providing
for the summary deportation or every
alien in this country who is a mem
ber of the I. W. W. or any other or
ganization : of like teachings and
tendencies.
"That the law should further pro
vide for the Immediate cancellation
of the citizenship papers of any na
turalized citizen who shall affiliate
with any such organization; and for
drastic punishment of all persons
who belong to or who uphold the doc
such organizations.
"We believe that no person should
be permitted to issue or to circulate
any writing or pamphlet which has
for its apparent object the undermin
ing of American institutions or 'the
inciting of rebellion.
"We further demand that-congress
forthwith approprite sufficient mon
ey to carry forward properly and
promptly the deportation of undesir
able aliens. Be it further
"Resolved, That the entire member
ship (1150) of this lodge does hereby
tender its services to Governor Camp
bell, to Chief of Police Brisbois and
Sheriff Montgomery for any assist
ance which the said offisials may de
sire." MEXICANS TO ARIBTRATE
DOUGLAS, Dec- 1 A board of
conciliation and arbitration has been
seated in Hermosillo. state capital of
Sonora. to handle all industrial dis
putes or questions which may arise
affectingthe relations of employers
and employe?.
AID CAMPAIGN
AGAINST BEDS
JENKINS FREED
ALL IS LOVELY,
!
Mexican President Answers
the United States in
,Airy Terms
IGNORES WARNING IN
NOTE FROM LANSING
Cabrera Predicts a Conflict
With United States Over
Oil Properties
MEXICO CITY. Dec. 16. The re
lease of William O. Jenkins, American
consular agent at Puebla, under bail,
has removed all motive for misunder
standing between the Mexican and;
United States governments regarding j
the Jenkins issue, according to the j
reply of the Mexican government to j
the second American note. The Mex-,
ican reply was handed to the Ameri
can charge d'affairs this evening.
The note declares that the Jenkins
case was taken on an altogether dif- tailed service and to industries forced
ferent aspect since the American to shut down on account of the fuel
agent's release. In polite terms it situation coujd not be estimated and
differs with the American objection : no allowance therefore is made in the
to former legal technicalities, reaf- estimate, Mr. McKinney stated,
firming that the Jenkins case was The miners were the greatest losers
entirely a legal one. Moreover, the in the strike, Mr. McKinney's figures
Mexican answer points out, the Amer-1 showed. Sixty million dollars was his
ican government's belief in JenkinsH estimate of their losses in wages. The
innocence of the charge against him 1 loss to the railroads he placed at $40,
is not enough to warrant setting. 000,000 while the operators figures
aside Mexican laws. " J he, set at $26,000,000
t
CABRERA PREDICTS WAR
LAREDO. Texas, Dec. 16. El Unl-
versal of Mexico City in its issue of:
Sunday, says Luis Cabrera, secretary j
of the treasury "makes th alarming)
prediction" that the "new conflict
which will arise between the United
Slates and Mexico will be refusal of
the (Mexican) government to permit
petroleum companies to drill new
wells."
Gerard, Lowden and
Poinclexter, Entries
in Presidency Race
PIERRE, S. D., Dec. 16. Governor
Frank O. Lowden of Illinois late to
day filed as an independent Repub
lican candidate for president at the
state primaries to be held next march,
making the third independent candi
date to file in South Dakota. Wood
row Wilson and Major General Leon
ard Wood were indorsed for presi
dent at the Democratic and Repub
lican state proposal meetings, respec
tively, while James W. Gerard, Demo
crat of New York, and Senator Miles
Poindexter, Republican of Washing
ton have filed as Independents.
Gov. L. J. Frazier of North Dakota
is the Non-Partisan league candidate.
Today was the last day minority
preference candidates could file.
Governor Lowden's nominating peti
tion was filed by a group of Repub
lican proposal men who "protested"
the indorsement of Gen. Wood.
The keynote of Governor Lowden's
platform is "economy, efficiency,
peace and one flag." It favors "the
return of an efficient, economical
and business administration of public
affairs, and abolition of the numerous
agencies for war purposes which have
been continued at enormous cost in
times of peace."
According to ward received today
from New York, Mr. Gerard said he
would not be a candidate if President
Wilson decides to run again.
Commission Fixes
Telephone Charges
in Arizona Today
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Dec. 16. The
Arizona corporation commission will
announce tomorrow afternoon on
whether or not rates of the Moun
tain States Telephone and Telegraph
company through the state shall re
vert to the pre-war basis, it was an
nounced at the offices of the com
mission today.
Hearing on the rates, which had
befn allowed to remain temporarily
in effect a'ter the icturn of the lines
by the government to private owner
chip, was held hoM weeks ao.
121,000,000
COST OF STRIKE
GOAL MINERS
TO THE COUNTRY
Men Lose $60,000,000
in
Pay, Railroads $40,000,000
and Owners $26,000,000
WILL PRESS CHARGES
AGAINST HOWAT ONLY
Investigators Say Settlement
Doubles 14 Per Cent Raise
to Workers
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Dec. 16. Loss
to the United States on account of
the recent coal strike amounted to
approximately $126,000,000 while that
to Ohio was about $27,000,000, accord
ing to W. D. McKinney, secretary of
the Southern Ohio Coal exchange. Ad-
ditional loss to railroads from cur-
CONT1NUES CASES
INDIANAPOLIS, Dec. 16. Except
as to Alexander Howat, president of
the Kansas district, of the United
Mine Workers of America, charges of
contempt of court against 84 officials
of that organization today were con
tinued by United States District
Judge A. B. Anderson.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16. The sen
ate coal investigation committee, to
day was told by Tracy W. Guthrie,
president of the Hillman Coal and
Coke company, that one clause in the
proposition advanced by President
Wilson and accepted by the miners
"would bring about an increase in' the
miners' wages at least doubling the
14 per cent, which Dr. H. A. Garfield,
resigned fuel administrator, thought
justified."
TO TELL TERMS
, EAGLE PASS, Texas, Dec. 16.
Flatly refusing to answer the direct
question as to the conditions of his
release and whether the money had
been paid, Fred G. Hugo, the Amert
can ranchman abducted last week by
Francisco Villa and held for $10,000
ransom, said today he had no reason
to complain and had suffered no
hardships. He arrived in Eagle Pass
last night and said today he would
return in a few days to the J. M.
Dome ranch in Coahuila, of which he
i is manager. i
Hugo said he was liberated on the
promise not to state where he was
taken nor the conditions of his libera
tion and he proposed to keep his
promise. He said he had become
"favorably impressed" with Francisco
Villa and that while a captive he was
treated as one of the party. Villa
invited him to "come down and havei
Christmas dinner with him," Hugo
said.
Villa's "ambition, Mr. Hugo said,
"was to establish a new, civil govern
ment in Mexico and not a military
one."
LEGION STOPS HAYWOOD
DETROIT, Dec 16. Objecting to
the scheduled appearance here next
Sunday of Wm. D. Haywood, I. W.
W. leader, to make an address.
Learned Post of the American Legion
tonight telegraphed te Judge K. M.
Landis of the federal court of Chi
cago, asking him to issue an order
forbidding Haywood to come to Detroit.
HUGO REFUSES
T N
HOUSE IS WARNED
AMERICAN PEOPLE
MAY LYNCH I.W.W.
. 1. 1. DEFEND
SLACKERS: AID
Fight Germany's Battles by
Harboring Evaders of the
, Selective Draft
ENGAGE LAWYER TO
FIGHT CONSCRIPTION
Thirtv-Two Defendants
in
' Kansas Conspiracy Case
Offer n o Witnesses
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Dec. 16.
Counsel for 32 members of the Indus
trial Workers of the World, on trial
in federal court in Kansas City, Kan.,
charged with violation of the espion
age act suddenly rested their case late
today without offering any testimony.
The government has rested shortly
before noon.
Action of the defense, government
attorneys said, was a great surprise
.to them, as it had been expected that
3 or more witnesses would be called.
Helped Slackers
What was characterized as the off
ficial pronouncement of the general
executive board the controlling body
of the Industrial Workers of the
World, toward war and conscription
was read into the record by the pros
ecution before it rested.
The document, issued during the
war period, after denouncing both war
and conscription, warned members
that if they found themselves unable
to avoid military service that auto
matically forfeited all connection with
the I. W. W.
The organization arranged to make
"every possible effort" to assist mem
bers in obtaining their release from
service, according to a letter from
William D. Haywood, secretary-treas-urere
to Wan Buckley, an i. w. W. of
ficial at Minneapolis, Minn., also was
read today. The letter stated that
Fred Moore of Seattle, chief counsel
for the defense in the present trial,
had been employed at a salary of $200
a month and expenses to act as gen
eral counsel for I. W. W. members
drafted.
Resolutions aeciared to have been
adopted by the general executive
board at a meeting in Chicago, July
3, 1917, one of which provided for the
purchase and shiping of a printing
outfit to the Russian revolutionaries,
were not reached today.
Evidence introduced today included
correspondence by which the govern
ment announced it sought to show the
non-partisan league negotiated with
the I. W.' W- in 1917, when the latter
organization is said tq have attempt
ed to gain control of the food andl
supplies in Oklahoma and Kansas.
Factions Fight in
Streets of Mexico
DOUGLAS. Ariz., Dec. 16. Serious
disorders which resulted in personal
clashes in the streets of Mexico City,
growing out of the feeling between
the Obregon and Gonzalez elements
attempting to gain the ascendancy in
the coming municipal election there,
occurred December 11, according to
Orientacion, a Hermosillo, Sonora,
newspaper. As a result, the news
paper says, numerous arrests have
been made. Among those arrested
were General Antonio Mora, Victor M.
Romo. Viceite Esparza. Captain Man
uel Chavez Ramirez and Lieutenant
Bartolo Motano, supporters of Obre
gon in his race for the presidency of
Mexico, charged with taking part in
a political campaign against orders
of superior officers. They were sur
rendered to the army.
The city hall was strongly garrison
ed to handle any further disorders.
RUSSIAN
TEXAN SAYS SECRETARY WILSON
10 DEPARTMENT OF LABOR ARE
'HONEYCOMBED WITH ANARCHISM'
Board Draws Proposer! Legislation to Make Membership
leacning Kadical Uoctnnes
Se; Plan to Reach Citizens Who Preach Treason
as Well as Guilty Aliens
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16.
Legislative proposals of the
house immigration committee to
aid in ridding the country of
alien radicals, framed after pro
longed hearings here and in New
York, were presented to the
house today by Chairman John
son, Republican, Washington, who
declared the bill was so drawn
as to force the department of la
lor to act against alien agitators.
Secretary Wilson has held, Mr.
Johnson said, that mere member
ship in the I. W. W. or kindred
organizations, was , not sufficient
under the law to warrant deporta
tion. The committee's bill, he
added,"1 made .the- "letter and in
tent of the law plain and unmis
takable" as under it affiliation or
any financial connection with or
ganizations teaching radical doc
trines, without the commission of
any overt act, means deportation.
Calls Secretary Anarchist
At the same time, the house judici
ary committee began work on various
proposals aimed at suppression ol
SEEKS JUSTICE
FOR VETERANS !
FROM CONGRESS!
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16. The
American Legion, through Franklin
D'Olier, its grand commander, tonight
called on congress for immediate
enactment of legislation giving former
service men "the consideration they)
deserve at the hands of their govern
ment." Mr. D'Olier in formal state
ment, worned that no policy or false
economy should be pursued now with
respect to the disabled service men
if "serious difficulties are to be avoid
ed later' by the government."
Principles upon which the present
government insurance laws were
founded, were described by Mr.
D'Olier as being "entirely sound" but
the existing legislation "entirely in
adequate." Alleged Profiteers
Arrested at Jerome
JEROME, Ariz., Dec. 16. Agents
of the department of justice today
caused the arrest of five local wood
dealers on charges of violating the
Lever act in connection with the sale
of wood, according to the complaints,
at $45 a cord. The department agents
promised a searching investigation of
every case of alleged profiteering of
any kind and other arrests were ex
pected tonight.
The wood sellers, mostly Mexicans,
were held in jail, their bail having
been fixed at $2500.
JUAREZ OFFERS SUGAR
JUAREZ. Mexico, Dec. 16. Assur
ance that he would exert every effort
to secure sugar for distribution in El
Paso was given to the El Paso cham
ber of commerce In a letter from J. T.
Romero, mayor of Juarez, dated to
day. Mayor Romero's letter was In
reply to a request for the release from
2000 to 5000 sacks of sugar, eaid to be
stored in Juarez, for sale In El Paso
to relieve, the present scacity of
suga.
Deportable Offense Pc
er
radical activities generally, to reach
citizens as well as aliens. Represent
ative Blanton, Democrat, Texas, de
clored the Department of Labor was
"honeycombed" with "the spirit of
anarchism" from Secretary Wilson
down; and Representative Davey,
Democrat, Ohio, warned the commie,
tee that the public would take mat
ters Into its own hands and "string
these wild red radicals to telephone
poles throughout the country" unless
congiesj hastens to act.
Goes After Martens
Under a resolution introduced by
Senator Kenyon, Republican. Iowu,
the senate foreign relations , commit
tee would investigate Inactivities of
Ludwig C. A. K. Martens, self styled
Russian Soviet ambassador, with
headquarters in New York. The re
solution, which was sent to the com
mittee, said Martens has been charg
ed with directing propaganda asainst
the American government, and .refer
red to his refusal to testify before
the Lusk committee in New York
which is conducting an investigation
of radicals.
(ARIZ
S
STATE WEALTH
Riches of Commonwealth
Grow Fourteen Fold in
Last Thirteen Years
PHOENIX. Dec. 16 Figures made
public today by State Bank Comptrol
ler Jesse L. Boyce showed total t
sources of a single bank in Phoenix '
were more than two-thirds as.
large as the total resources of . all ,
state and national banks in Arizona
in 1906, and that in the elapsed period
of 13 years the wealth of .Arizona.
as reflected by its bank statements.,
has increased approximately 14 fold.
The figures for the November 17
call showed that one Phoenix . bank ;
had total resources - of $6,419,243.
while all state and national banter in
Arizona in 1906 had $9,000,000. j Com
pilation of reports submitted by state
banks under the last call is nearlng .
completion in the offiee of the statf,
comptroller, ,- . . . .. j , .
Legion Wants Land ; ;
Near Phoenix for J '
Big Athletic Field;
rilOEN X. Dec. J6. Officials" of '
the Mesa post of the American Leg
ion today launched , a movemwxtjiOj
secure for the post two sections of
land northeast of Mesa.Th lund lj
held by the war department It wa
homesteaded ten years ago by offi
cera of the Mesa company'- of th
Arizona National guard atjd" heli 'aaj
a military reserve., ',',!
It Is the plan of the American Le R5
Ion officials to obtain , possession, jof
the land If possible. repaix;Vhe rifUvl
range upon it, establishtan aviation
landing field, erect . clubhouse fo;
the Legfon and lay out athletic fields..
The land is now considered very al4
uable. . - : .r--raJ
ONA BANKS
ROW' CA N N PAGE TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REV71?.w
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1919
;jiWl.WartV,v.,.;u.avAfw,.tmW A li'il'l
I (HI ERE AND THERE IN ARIZONA
aBOm
i
B
E..:..:.!.' Ki,. ir- i nn imi in ii - i an " - -- in nwirnT
FAMOUS-SPANISH NOVELIST
TO V LECTURE AT TUCSON
TUCSON'. Arise, Dec. 16. The most
important event of next month at the
University of Ariaona will, without
doubt. be the visit to Tucson of
Spain's greatest novelist.
of the drive, expressed his apprecia
tion of the efforts made by the cap
tains, their teams and the hearty co
operation of the people who subscrib
ed the thousands which will mean the
continuation of "Y" work in its lul-
Vicente ! lest sense.
Dr, Norton gives much credit to A.
C. Bartlett, who gave an impetus to
the campaign workers at the noonday
luncheon on Friday, the last day. of
the campaign, when there was still
thousands of dollars needed to reach
the goal
Blasco Ibanez, who. will lecture under
the ausplcea of the university January
22, on "The Spirit of the Four Horse
men." Accompanying him as co-lecturer
will be Robert King AtweU,
formerly professor at hte University
of Porto Rico. " "
The name of Vicente Blasco Iba
nez has been known to all the world MORE LIQUOR RAIDS
since the publication of his wonderful " ARE MADE IN GLOBE
war novel, "The Four Horsemen of GLOBE, Ariz., Dec. 16. -"Sheriff Eu
the Apocalypse," ' but he. has also gene Shute. and deputies, captured two
written a number of other novels .ollicit liquor stills Saturday night, and
which have been translated . into arrested five parties for alleged il
practically every language; among legal manufacture of. liquor. Both
these are "The Cabin," "Blood and stills were discovered 14 miles north
Sand." "The Shadow of the Calhe- J we.st of Globe in the region of Sleep
dral," "La Bodega," etc. He is also ing Beauty mountains. One still was
said to be,-a brilliant lecturer. , I cleverly concealed in a prospect hole
"The Four Horsemen of the Apoca- covered with old sheet iron and was
lypse," fulfills Sainte-Beauves defini-; in operation when discovered by the
tion of what a classic should' be "It officers. Geo. ' Vilnio, Steve Aadec
is a masterpiece of characterization j and Dan Yukilich. Austrians, who live
eniiching the human mind and in- jn a prospector's cabin about 250
creasing its treasure in Its picture of J yards from the hole where the still
France revived and triumphant in her was located were arrested and placed
honf of peril, and the characters of in jail. The still and a large quan
Buch persons as Don Marcelo. tity of wine and grape brandy are on
It is structurally, as a work of art, j exhibitlpn at the office of the sheriff,
bi bad and literal, the essence of san- The second still, which discovered
ity and beauty, and it is typical of the . jn the same district is also at the
fresh, vigorous style of the great I sheriffs office with a large : quantity
Spaniard."
ARRANGE COMMUNITY
XMAS TREE FOR MESA
MESA, Ariz., Dec: 16. Anxious to
give every boy and girl, in the Mesa
district an honest to goodness Christ
mas this year a coriimittee of enter
prising local. wen, headed by C. Fred
Brackett, Av. R. Stewart and Rev.
Francis Bloy, are working out the de
tails for a municipal tree on Christ
inas eve. It is to be a gorgeous fes
tival shared in by every Mesa resid
ent and toys, candies, fruits and oth
er, goodies will be distributed by San
ta Claus to every youngster present.
TO ORGANIZE NEW BANK
l-OR THE GILA VALLEY
Pima, Ariz., Dec. 16. A new banking-institution
is being , organized in
tho valley., .The .name or ;the o$gaj.
izution will be the Arizona Banking'
Trust company; and is- beirfg promot
ed by William McRea, cashier of the
Citizens Bank at Thatcher, and others
interested in the Citizens Bank.
It is understood that the new com
pany will take over the assets and
liabilities of the Citizens Bank and
that the bank will be continued as at
present, only under the management
of the new firm. The firm will also
establish a banking house at Saffoid,
to be located, at present, in the build
ing now occupied by E. L. Springs,
lawyer.
The new firm will start business
vilh an authorized capitalization of
J 100,000.00.
Both banking houses of the firm, it
is understood, will be under the gen
eral management of Mr. McRae. who.
in the past few years, has built up
a conservative and strong banking
business.
of its forbidden product. Wm. H.
Schaefer and A. M. Harpey were ar
rested by the officers and lodged in
jail on suspicion of being the owners
of the layout. This still is said by
experts to be one of the best designed
and equipped home made stills ever
seized by the office of the" sheriff.
NOGALES TO BE CENTER
OF NEW MOVIE INDUSTRY
NOGALES. Ariz., Dec. 16. Nogales
will have a place in the moving pic
ture industry. The Arizona-Mexico
Film exchange has been organized
and has offices established here in
Nogales. This . concern will supply
motion picture to the west coast of
Mexico and some theaters in Arizona.
The new . concern is composed of
local men who are well known in this
section of the country. A. G. Barber
is' general manager; Nathan Leeker,
secretary, and treasurer, and Harold
G.'-Neumann Is traveling -representative.
The titles and sub-titles of many
features will be translated from Eng
lish to Spanish and inserted in the
films.
BISBEE PHP
HIGH SCHOOL
TLY TO REBUILD
RAZED 01 FLAMES
City Has Insurance, of . $65,000 on Building and Modern
Equipment . Valued at $130,000; Damaged Wire
Hinders Giving of Alarm by Telephone; Women
Teachers Work in Smoke to Save Property
the
the
Reconstruction of the Bisbee High greater portion of the books in
school library was brought to
streets. Chief Norton had directed
that no water be turned into the
library room until the books were car
ried away. A few rooms were
emptied of the school desks.
school, destroyed by- fire early yes
terday morning, will begin imme-
uiaieiy aiier insurance aujusuiieiu in
the fire is made, according to C. A.
McDonald, of the board of school i
frficlfa ' Tnsniranrp ministers nrp !
pecfed in Bisbee tomorrow to begin science laboratory ; and the domestic
making estimates of the actual lo.s. j sc,ence room Buffered hav,Iy-
. . ... equipment of whieh. said to be the
ago at a cost ot uuu, couia noi dc j
replaced for less than $130,000 today, j
it" is estimated. Insurance carried on j
the building and equipment .will not
Twenty-Eight Pass
in Mining Course
Given by Company
YUMA LAND SALES
NET OVER MILLION
YUMA, Ariz., Dec. 16. The auction
sale ot the Yuma Mesa lands in Unit i j; street taxpayers of the oonditions
Name Delegates to
Highway Meeting at
Tucson in January
Five local citizens were named last
night by the city council, in regular
meeting, to represent Bisbee at the
Good Roads meeting, January 19, in
the Tucson chamber of commerce.
The five men are: James Henderson.
M. J. Cunningham. C. W. Allen, Ed.
Simmons and City Engineer. Halleck.
Certain street improvement Is
planned by .the council in that the
city engineer was instructed to pre
pare an estimate of cost of repairing
or repaying O. K. street up to the
Pythian Castle. Complaint from O.
li of the iuma Mesa auxiliary pro
ject came to an end at 3 o'clock Sat
urday afternoon. When the hammer
dropped on the last sale 175 tracts of
land. had been sold out of an aggreg
ate total of 531 tracts on the plats.
In these wore 5500 acres of land and
the1 total sale price was to $1.2G0,000.
Most of the purchasers qualified by
executing their water right applica
tion, their affidavit of citizenship and
paying to the reclamation service and
the land office the 10 per cent re
quired with the execution of these
lpers. -r
.'::, a :t.-?
PHOENIX OVERSUBSCRIBES '
'$50,000 V. M. C. A. FUND
' PHOENIX.' Ariz., Dec. 16. With ev:
t ry ' report adding to the fund of the
Y.'M. Cv A:, It Is1 certain that the
campaign workers for the $30,000
have gone over the top. Just how
jiiucbTha'Bo' yed beer? estimated,- but
It Is TtelJCvetf Jt -Tni ;l)e- sufficient to
mak$ potisrbl fjnvbSei 'Ot - small
ncoedMnipfoveriidrifs on the building
JrtTfirlitifh tplripfir out the Indebt
edness "andnfarging the boys' de
piirtment,,.. ,77 . .
Div X"C Xort oh,, general chairman
8- r.-"-.!rtt o-.-rt ). 7 '
f I,. PROTECT YOURSELF
-"V II If AND FAMILY
:') - .:rr a- .
Carry a Brotherhood of Amer-ctB.-Yflorne
: whole life policy,
pays" old age, " total disability
and accident. After lntestigat
lngryou Triu say' it 18 one of the
;best' polTtleVwHttcn- gec Mr.
Elizabeth tiroorrt. Yeomen Slate
Deputy," ove Mrs. FinlsysOn'a
Store," Jolih'soft Adn., or phone
of the thoroughfare was registered
with the council. Th street thret.
years ago was paved with brick but,
because of the settling of the ground
over an old cesspool, the curface has
become broken and rough.
The application of A. C. Cole for
a license to drive a jitney bus into
Bisbee was referred to the city at
torney. The "dirt along the .sidewalks in
Tombstone - canyon is to be leveled,
according to instruction given Mr.
Halleck by the councilmen. .
be enough to replace the original
structure and of equipment. Insur
ance carried on the building is for
$57,000 and on equipment, $8000.
Starts in Basement.
The fire, originating in the furnace
room in the basement of the building,
gutted the entire interior of the build
ing. When the firemen arrived at the
school it was thought the blaze was
confined to the basement and lower
floor of the building but upon inves
tigation in the second and third floors
it wa3 found the fire had eaten it
way up by the flues leading from the
furnace. Shortly after the blaze was
discovered Principal E. Q. Snider and
Dr. N. C. Bledsoe had gone to Mr.
Sniders' office on the second floor to
save the school records. Upon break
ing open a closet they found the fire
had spread from the flues ami was
already attacking the entire building
by following the partitions.
Cause Unknown.
The cause of the fire has not betn
ascertained, but according to reports
given Fire Chief Barney Norton this
morning, people living in the neigh
borhood of the school had smelled
smoke as early as 1 o clock. Chief
Norton explains that the fire must
have started shortlj- after midnight
and smoldered until it had spread
throughout the building' between the
walls.
The fire alarm was turned in by the
chief at 2:20 after he had been noti
fied of the blaze by Miss Cora Mc
Coy, phone operator. . Some fev min
utes before, that time.Dr.-.N. . Bled
soe, who lives near' the school, had
been awakened. He called the phone
operator and asked for the fire de
partment but was informed that it
could not be reached. It was then
Miss Corey called the chief. Street
work in front of the fire department
has exposed the telephone cable to
water and it is believed the connec
tion with the department had been
broken.
The dense smoke which had filled
the entire building handicapped the
firemen to a great extent. The four
outer walls of the building served as
I the sides of an immense" 'furnace in
which the entire .-woodwork, walls,
(ceilings, floors and equipment burned
'under the forcing draft, sweeping
'through the open windows in the
lower floor of the building and out
through the opening above caused by
j the collapse or the roof soon after the
I fire had destroyed the center sup
ports. ' Inside the building the fire
burned freely with no innt-r fireproof
walls to check it.
Save Same Equipment.
Considerable valuable equipment of
the school was saved by the firemen,
volunteers and teachers. From the
I rrmimnrriiil flptiartmont Miss Worlev.
teacher, managed to save all the type
writers. With volunteers she brought
them to a neighboring garage. School
records, including those of the class
to graduate this week, were saved. A
most complete in the state, being de
stroyed. Paintings, school trophies
and various statues and busts, given
the school by graduating classes of
years as. far back as 1903,. were burn
ed and damaged. Most f the manual
training equipment though damaged,
can be used.
Get Quarters
Yesterday morning the board of
school trustees held a meeting and
made arrangements for the temporary
housing of the students until more
convenient accommodations can be
adjusted. The senior students will at
tend class at the Horace Mann Junior
high school from 1 o'clock until 4:30
p. m. The junior grades will assem
ble at 8 a. m. and continue until 13.30.
The night classes also will be held
in the junior high school.
Commencement exercises of the De
cember. 1919 class will be held Sat
urday night in either the Methodist
or Episcopal church, the use of each
having been volunteered the school
board this morning.
Investigating the fire yesterday
Chief Norton learned that the last
fire in the school furnace had been
kindled at 10:S0 Monday morning by
Day Janitor Ashby. In the. evening
J. Stewart, night; janitor, made , his
regular inspection of the building and
reports that no fire was burning in the
furnace at 9. o'clock.
The insurance,. on the building is
carried by the Ovetlock company, Ari
zona Insurance company, .Hogan, and
Seed, Pritchard. Collins and Brether
ton, I. W. Wallace and Gus Haigler.
William Bashore, local contractor,
undertook the construction - of the
building in November, 1913, for $65.
000. Bonds for $80,000 were disposed
of in March of that year for the costs
of the school. Architect Norman. F.
March of Los ' Angeles drew up" the
plans.
At the city council meeting last
night the members extended their
sympathy to jthe school board and the
entire school district, offering their
assistance to the schools during the
inconvenience to.be experienced until
the high school is reconstructed. .
Dr. N. C. Bledsoe explained to the
council that the fire alarm had been
given the department as soon as was
possible aid offered 'a suggestion to
the council that h direct wire from
the telephone, company to the fire de
partment be arranged to supplant the
present connection which runs
through the regular service cable. Dr.
Bledsoe explained that after he had
attempted to give in the fire alarm
he ran to the street, where he fired
his revolver several times to warn the
district.
Results of the Copper Queen Practi
cal mining course as announced yes
terday by-C. S. Dickinson, education
al director, show that 46 per cent of
those who look the tests passed satis
factorily. Of those who fell below the
passed grade 34 per cent were ir
regular students.
All of the student-miners passed the
oral tests, the examination or exper
ience and the tests of personality and
ability to handle- men.
The various course tests were rated
as follows:, 13 credits necessary to
pass, of a possible 20, written, 19 of
The'3: experience 13 of 20; test of per
sonality and ability to handle-men,
13 of 20. Ten credits were allowed
for attendance. ,
The following . are those who suc
cessfully passed the company's exam
ination and who will receive certifi
cates .to show ..that they have com
pleted the Coper Queen mine course:
Pete Andrews. Carl Carlson, E. W.
Copperthwaithe, L. M. Cummings, H.
L. Fenner, J. R. Fitzpatrick, George
Graves, H. Hanning, J. s. Hughes,
M. S. Lindholm, Joe Lutz, N. M. Mc
Neil, Willis Malone'. James Manson,
Nelson Marr, A. L. McCloskey, J. N.
Osier. A. L. Ralph, W. H. Sehmitt. R.
R. Smith, H. C. Sommers, William
Sowerbutts, William Tavlor , H. C.
Trees, D. H. White.
from a local undertaking eitablisb.
ment. On the afternoon that Al Kinaey,
Flagstaff, was informed of hi broth
er's death the garage in that city, of
which he is manager, burned to the
ground with a loss of several thou
sands of dollars.
Will; inspect lodge
H. P. Johnson, deputy grand emin
ent command of the Knights Templar,
will irlspect the local lodge at a
regular meeting of the commandry,
tomorrow evening. At this meeting
officers for the coming year will be
elected and installed.
A large stock of fancy box and bas
ket candies for Xmas presents at the
Bisbee Smoke House. Adv.
After yon eat always takd
FATOWIC
C TOR TOUR ACIP-STOMACHJ
. Instantly relieves Heartburn, Bloat
d Cuiy Feeling. Stops food souring;
repeating, and all stomach miseries.
AUdictjn and apptita. Keeps rtomacb
It and (tron?. IncrMwea Vitality and Pep.
EATONICIs thabaat remady. Teaa of thoo
aaada wodrf ullr banafitcd. Only ooataa east
. ar two day to ase It. Positively guaranteed
to pleaaa or we will refund one7. Gat a Uc
kox today. YoawiUaaa.
Bisbee, Ariz.
. J. iM. BALL, Druggist,
The. Sensation of
The
Hour
OLIVER KINSEY DIES
Oliver Kinsey, 38, resident of Bis
bee 23 years, died of erysipelas yes
terday morning . at eight o'clock at
the Calumet and Arizona company
hospital. He came to Bisbee from
New Mexico in 1896 with his brother,
W. D. Kinsey, who alter became Bis
bee's first city clerk. The mother of
the deceased, Mrs. M. Kinsey, was
proprietor of the old Kinsey House.
Kinsey was employed by the Bisbee
Transfer company. He is survivea
by two sisters, Mrs. Sam Watkins of
Superior, Arizona; Mrs. Pat Adams of
La Habre, Calif., and three brothers,
W. D. of this city, Ben of New Mex
ico and Al of Flagstaff. The funeral
will be held Thursday at two o'clock
Own a Dort! You will like it
i ' t L, 'i
Quality Goes ClearTlirough
B
v..
. M J v
COLLINS
AND
BRETHERT0N
BROKERS
ALL CURB STOC-
North Tigre Leasing Go.
25 CENTS PER SHARE
JACK BLDG., MAIN
PHONE 26
8TREET
BOX 1129
To drive a car, providing it's a reliable' and reasonable
priced car such as the Dort, i3 plain COMMON
SENSE, and in accord jith the spirit of the times.
To be without the time saving and health-preserving
Ix-nel'ifs such as a car affords, lessens activity and lim
its usefulness.
Dort buyers who in the past years have paid much
more than the Dort price are enjoying full satisfaction
in Dort ownership.
.Not alone because Dort up-keep and operating ex-'
pense is comparatively , trivial, but because-i ' looks,
power, strength, simplicity and stability the car meets
lTTiuiremeivis. - ,
You will like your Dort for its eagerness to tlo
things your way for its power, flexibility, simplicity.
They are ready for your inspection at the following
places:
Tombstone Auto Co., Tombstone, Ariz.
Bisbee Auto Co., Main St.
Queen Motor Co., Douglas, Ariz.
A. E. Rogers
Representatives
A. E. Menhiiim.
OLD RESIDENT PASSES j
James Driver, 50. old resident or i
the Warren district died yesterday
morning at the Hotel Bonanza, Lo- j
well. Deceased was ill several
months. Funeral ' will be held from
local undertaking1, parlor at 1 o'clock
this afternoon..
The most complete jon
plant in Arizona at your
Phonf 39, Rer1w
printing
errice.'
Dump 8000 Gallons
of Wine Into Creek
A
GLOUE, Dec. 16 Approximately
8000 gallons of liquor were emptied
into Pinal creek last night by Deputy
United States .Marshal Haynos. The
wine- w&s taken by .agents nf the de
partment in raids oi) local wine mak
ers three weeks ago.
The passing of the wine was watch
ed by an interested crowd of specta
tors. Deputy Haynes stood guard to
see that none of the liquor was al
lowed to refresh the thirsty.
Give Your Hair Daily Care
by Using Famo Regularly
Shop early
JUNCLf-
. S I
ISN'T as
SAVAGf!
AS HF
LOOKS -
Buy hii
TH PT gift
Scon . cwlv
DAVS To
To keep your teeth clean and healthy
to avoid pyorrhea you brush your
teeth, not once a week, but nvery
day.
To keep your hair clean and healthy
to avoid seborrhea you should use
Famo, not once a week, but every
day.
In other words, your teeth get daily
care why not your hair?
Famo kills the seborrhea germ that
causes dandruff.
But it isn't fair to FAMO or your
hair to expect a weekly FAMO
treatment to rout all dandruff bacilli,
and keep your head free from sebor
rhea. It is true that FAMO does drive out
the dandruff germ after the first few
applications.
But the deadly germ will surely come
back . unless the use of FAMO is
continued regularly and faithfully.
Use FAMO daily, and your" hair will
always be clean arid soft nhd wavy.
FAMO is realty ra medicine for the
scalp and hair, and should be used
as a medicine, faithfully and con
tinuously. Note the difference in your hair,
when you use FAMO every day. .
FAMO is scld at all toilet gods
counter:, in. two sizes $1 and
35 cents. ' .
Your money will be refunded, if
FAMO doesn't give complete satis
faction. Seborrhea is the tnedicat name for
m morbidly increased flow from
the sebaceous glands of the scalp.
The seborrhean excretion forms
in scales and flakes' and is com
monly known as dandruff.
From the laboratories of F. A.
Thompson & Company, Manufac
turing Pharmacists, Detroit, Mich.
w
FOR S,
Olsbec
Lowell
MELnOA.-TILE- CO.
Warren
Distributors and Agents
Ccnlivl Ph.u uucy ; J. M. Dill; Disbce Drug Co.; Lpwcll Drug Qo.
Warren: Bold Drug Store. Tsmbstone
SPECIAL FAMO AGENTS
CAMELS are as delightful to your
taste as they are new. And, so
satisfying that they meet every cigarette
desire you ever have had.
Camels are unusual; in fact they're un
like any cigarette you ever smoked.
That's because they're an expert blend
of choice Turkish and choice Domestic
tobacco, producing a quality that meets
your taste as no other cigarette ever did.
Camels' expert blend gives that mellow-mild-body-and
frees tho cigarettes from
any unpleasant cigaretty aftertaste or
any unpleasant cigaretty odor. You
can smoke Camels as liberally as you
like without tiring your taste.
You have only to $et personally
acquainted with tho expert Camel blend
to know that you prefer it to either kind
of tobacco smoked straight!
For your own satisfaction compare
Camels with any cigarette in the world
at any price !
H J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO.. Wi,t. 5!em. li. C.
Ctmrlm ra aoAf mvrywhmn in mmntiftctUy
mmmlad package of 30 tifarftte: or ten pack
aian iJOO carattet) in a flamaina-papar-cov
rod carton. Wm strongly rorommond thim
carton tor tha home or offica aupply or whan
you traval. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1919 ,
THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW
PAGE THREE
t?y-'K mkd'Mim .Mfsmkf o
r
; Yow Heme May Be Nexlb
fJo Property
Immuie'
Omce
h
FO
ir
e
Deay Js Dangerous. Do It Now.
T ake Out That Policy Today
If you are carrying Fire Insurance Ask Yourself Are You carrying enough?-
II!
I
Remember the cost of building today has increased more than 50 per cent in the past five years.
Why permit your property and business to be wiped out in one hour by fire and no recompense.
Should you not look over your policies and see if you are covered If not talk it over with your
Agent. V-
THE BISBEE HIGH SCHOOL FIRE LAST NIGHT IS A FAIR EXAMPLE AS TO THE FIRE IN
SURANCE QUESTION. A loss of eighty-five thousand dollars which was partially covered by
FIRE INSURANCE. TODAY THE SAME HIGH SCHOOL CANNOT BE REPLACED FOR LESS
THAN ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS.
11 day to the w orM's-strongest v
ompam
e
-See-
ARIZONA INSURANCE CO.
HOGAN & SEED
C. H. HOGAN
GUS HAIGLER
COLLINS & BRETHERTON.
L. T. Frazier, Mgr.
I. W. WALLACE
M. C. HIGH PAGE FOUP
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW,
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1919
Sip Sialics Batty Squirm
B. P. GUILD, General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
SUBSCRIPTION RATES PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per Month
Six months
Twelve Months
Sunday (Weekly) Per Year
$.80
4.50
9.00
2.60
Statements to Review subscribers are rendered on or about the
first of every month. If you receive The Review through a City
Carrier, he will bring your statement to you for collection. Make
all checks payable to The Bisbee Dally Review. Those desiring
subscriptions for more than one month may secure them by advis
ing The Review office.
A THOUGHT FOR THE DAY
"Heaven sends us good meat, but the devil sends cooks."
David Garrick.
L
THE REWARD OF OBTUSENESS
THE distillers and saloonkeepers who have persistently refused
to read the handwriting on the wall are now reaping the reward
of their obtuseness. Millions of gallons of whiskey are now In
the hands of the liquor men, with only one month to export the
stuff out of the country and no cars to transport it.
That hundreds, perhaps thousands, of business men who invested
their capital and lifetime efforts in a business legally recognized by
the United States government, should find themselves ruined throi
the declaring of that business illegal, seems Unjust at first glance.
But the distillers and saloon men had plenty of time and opportunity
to avert ruin, and their present misfortune is entirely of their own
making.
The liquor men have repeatedly said in effect to the American
people: "You don't mean business"; or "we and our supporters, a
small minority, will eventually thwart the will of you, the majority,
by legal jugglery." As state after state went "dry", these same liquor
men have stubbornly refused lo admit the inevitable outcome, and
have blindly turned away from the obvious tendency of the limes.
As one subterfuge after anotner was shattered, and their hopes grew
fainter and fainter, the liquor interests still clung with blind faith to
a belief that the highest court in the land would somehow re-establish
them. Now that last resort has failed them, and they are facing
ruin.
There has been plenty of time for the liquor men to dispose ot
their wares by export since national prohibition became a reality.
One whole year of grace was given. The liquor men have let eleven
months of that year go by, and now, just one month from yester
day, national prohibition will be a permanent reality, with 39,000,000
gallons of whiskey in the state of Kentucky alone left in the hands
of the liquor men, practically a total loss.
The liquor men have no one to blame but themselves for this
loss. They are the victims of their own obtuseness.
BREAKERS AHEAD FOR THE G. O. P.
rlTH Senator Hiram Johnson laying emphasis on the fact that
he will make a "personal campaign for the Republican nomina
tion for the presidency, and wants the backing of no group
of politicians, it begins to look like a merry presidential year
ahead for the "grand old party". At the big Republican "pow-wow"
recently there was no sign of any recognition of the claims of John
son to the nomination on the part of the "powers that be". The
names of General Wood, Governor Frank Lowden of Illinois ana
others bobbed up, but there was no mention of the California senator.
Johnson is a ready fighter, with a large following in the Repub
lican ranks, and . personality which makes a strong appeal to big
audiences. While it is not probable . that Johnson could win even
with a united Republican party behind him, it is certain that the G.
O. P. can have no hope of a return to power in the White House if
the Californian and the makers of the Republican national slate come
to an 'open breach. Johnson has following enough to bring about the
disaster of a divided Republican party.
If it is Hiram Johnson's intention to bring open battle to the
floor of the Chicago convention, there are breakers ahead for the
G. O. P.
THE STATE'S BUSINESS
THEY have been conducting more raids in Phoenix, this time on
gambling dens and a few other things. Last Saturday night of
ficers descended upon gambling dens, in which they recovered
a quantity of opium, and rooming houses, in which a number of
arrests were made. The Phoenix Republican, in chronicling the
raids, says in part:
"In the raid on the gambling joints and opium dens of China
town, which began about 2 o'clock and lasted until 3:30, and which
netted several tins of the costly narcotic, imported apparently from
old China, more was found than was expected.
"Although all the inmates of the gambling dens escaped by se
cret passages and trap doors, there was evidence that gambling and
the smoking of opium has been going on in a wholesale fashion.
Dozens of tables, with full complement of cards, dice, Chinese coun
ters, lottery tickets, poker chips and other paraphernalia were un
earthed." There have been gambling scandals and other kinds of scandals,
including at least one murder, in Phoenix before. Vice is persistent
In centers of population, despite the most diligent efforts of the
police, and no one expects Phoenix to be "chemically pure", but the
above discloses a condition of affairs whicn" sets Phoenix apart from
other Arizona cities, in which vice flourishes but sporadically, ana
ia kept in continual hot water whenever it lifts its ugly head.
As rhoenix is the state capital, the conditions in that city are,
or should be matter of state pride. If gambling and other evils
have found congenial soli in that city, it is the business of the entire
state to see that such conditions are remedied, and remedied speedily
and thoroughly. The pressure of moral suasion should be brought ny
the citizens throughout the state to induce Phoenix to clean house.
L.
JIM MAN'S STEAK
THE Democrats, niter much mysterious directive work, have at
last uncovered the reason lor the defeat of Jim Mann ior the
Republican speakership in congress. Mann, according lo the
publicity bureau of the Democratic National commit tec, was
presented wiUi a three and a haif pound of porter house steak by
some one connected with the packers. The enormity of this crime
proved too much lor the delicacy in such matters of Poise Penrose,
and so Mann wus sidetracked in favor of Mr. Gillette. It was in vain
thai Mr. Mann pleaded' that the steak wus merely a personal glti
from a personal friend, with no favour of politics attached. .The
horrified Penrose iemair"-d obduii-.ie, and Mann lost out.
Anil now let us give loss attention to feats of breaking
of Europe and more attention to those who are hreakin;
of Ameriea. .,
the neait
the law
Spring Styles for Profiteers
By Morris
;3, liii
:IliliiH !
i Hi UNCLE SAN .1 j I 1 I I Ml ,,'
i i HIGH CLASS IjM Hi1 A ' W Ji ll '
M TAILOR FOR J 0 I I ' .
m,-ii riftcc rTWgsSA U 1 ,1 I
I CROOKS (I
Mil I rl T I I I I I I I I MSwU ZVS.fSS.t-rilSL ! I t -w. 1 1 I tii! i t It,, f If 'J vi.I
Bouillabaisse
PAGE ANANIAS AND BARON MUNCHAUSEN!
This is, we believe, the best hunting story we've heard this fall.
Henry Tyler, Texan, decided to go out and bag a few bunnies. He took
his old muzzle-loader down and set out for a rabbit field. First rabbit he
saw he banged away at, bringing the cotton-tail up in short order.
But instead of finjing a rabbit all sht with holes he found one larg3
hole clear through the body. A little distance away he spied a mouse running
like the very dickens. The mouse was very bloody and Tyler chased it.
When he caught the mouse he found it had been fired through the rabtit.
Tyler decided the mouse made a nest in his old shotgun while it was
not in use. It was in the gun when he fired at the rabbit.
FROM SUN TO SUN. THE ONCE OVER
The Goddess of Chance was much in requisition at her favorite haunts
in the old town last night, particularly among the inveterate Prewery Gulch
sports, some of whom would bet on which of two flies on a cigar counter
would take flight first. The occasion was the much disputed matter of the
end of the well-known earth, scheduled, according to Professor Porta, to
take place today.
At last reports last night betting was even that this battered and battle
scarred old planet will still be doing, business at the same old stand when
the sun rises tomorrow, but with plenty of Porta money in sight at that.
What the Porta fans expect to do with he stakes in case they win is a
mystery even to the stake-holders.
For the relief of anxious citizens, the editor of Bouillabaisse wishes
Bain to announce that he has inside information that the end of the world
positively will not occur today, or perhaps for several more years--say a
billion or so. The editor would rush down to Brewery Gulch and grab some
of that easy Porta money except for the fact that Article XXII of the United
Slates Constitution forbids betting on a sure hing.
HIGH SCHOOL RECORD
VOL. 1.
BISBEE, ARIZONA.
NO. 3
The senior banque which wes to be
held in the first floor of the high
school building will be held at the
Y.W.C.A. The Se"nior classes C and
B are giving the banquet to the
graduating class this year instead, of
the Junior class, as has been custom
ary. This change was made neces
sary by the all-year-round school sys
tem. The students will dance from
eight o'clock until ten, then they will
adjourn to the" old cafeteria where
the banquet will be served. v
fith Williams, president of the B.H.S.
Alumni association was present and
extended an invitation to a reception
to bi given the seniors by the alumni
' to the seniors.
i
I- -
At a recent meeting oi the girls'
Hi-Y club, they decided to make up
two Christmas boxes containing
clothes and other necessities. They
will also serve a Christmas dinner to
two families.
The 10-A English class newspapei
was published Monday and proved a
great success. The paper iwntained
news, jokes, lies of the day, and want
ads. Ida Hutterman contributed a
humorous poem about, her troubles
with the various studies. Lassie
Campbell contributed a cupid's cor
ner. This copy of the paper will
probably bo multigraphed and copies
distributed to all the class.
Of all (he high school students, the
members of the chemistry class were
the most corry-looking and downcast
yesterday after the fire. They were
all mourning the loss of their chem
istry note books which represent a
whole quarter's work in the labora
tory. The first inter-class basket ball
game of the season, which was played
by teams representing the Senior and
Sophmore classes, was won by the
Seniors by the score 6f 36 to 33. The
Sophs made up for their handicap in
size by fast playing and conservative
basket shooting.
SMILE WITH US
KENTUCKY QUIP.
"We want some lady to christen
this ship."
"What are the qualifications, gov
ernor?" "Almost any lady will do who has
a bottlo of champagne." Louisville-Courier-Journal.
EASIER IN KOREA.
In Korea if a man meets his wife
in the street he ignores her pres
ence and passes on as if she were a
stranger Exchange.
Other' men have tried this from
time to time with poor success.
Louisville Couries-Journal.
NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR BOTH.
De Broke Since you refused me
my wife has been full of gall and
bitterness.
Heiress Well, I'm not responsible
for the gall you had that before.
Boston Transcript.
The Eoys' Hi-Y club gave a diunei
last night at the Y.M.C.A. in honor
of the Senior boys. Ed J. Lawrenson,
athletic coach of the high school was
the speaker of the evening. At tho
same time the girls' Hi-Y club enter
tained the Senior girls at the Y.W.
C.A.
j School will probably not start again'
; until alter the first of the year and
' a great many students will take adr
vantage of this by getting jobs so as
to make enough money to buy more
books, while others are planning
camping trips to the mountains. Joe
j Muheim is planning to take a party
i of boys to the Chirieahuu mountains
I for a short vacation trip.
AT EDGEWOOW ARSENAL.
First man with requisition in hana
on way to warehouse meets second
man on the way from warehouse.
First Man: What is the method for
requisitioning material at No. 3h
warehouse now?
Second Man: Really I could not
say. I have not been there since
noon.
I A great many of -the students did
not know of the fire and they arrived
with their lunches all ready for the
j daily grind only to find broken win
j dows and a blackened, roofless build
ing.
No reconstruction piogram which
ignores health is complete. Buy Red
Cross Christmas Seals.
LIES OF THE DAY
4
The board of school trustees has a lot of money to spend on a new
high school.
The wets still have a chance to defeat the dry law.
Solution of the railroad problem is a simple one.
Chet Moon will soon be seen wandering along Bisbee streets.
The police are having an easy time keeping automobiles moving along
cur torn up Streets.
And the drivers are having an easier time keeping their automobiles
on the road.
Pedestrians coming down Tombstone Canyon are pleased with the con
dition of the sidewalks there.
Automobile owners read the lie in yesterday's Review and today every
one of them have dimmers on the lights.
o
It's about time for some Bisbee father lo start the rumor around hi3
home that he has received a telegram from Santa Claus informing him that
Christmas has been postponed until the Fourth of July.
: o
The more a fellow longs for new phonograph records for Christinas, the
more certain he is to get another smoking jacket or a tie he won't wear.
o
A woman's principal nightmare nowadays is that she plans to give the
handpainted vase to the very person who gave it to her last Christmas.
, o
It's the plumber's son who will be the envied one in Boyville this sea
son with all his Christmas presents.
O ;
This is just about the time some folks are telling their friends at the
office that they are members of the S. P. U. G.
o
But, as Santa Claus remarked," You're wrong it you think that Just be
cause the cost of food is up I'll be able to squeeze down some or those stove
pipes you call chimneys."
o
Probably no one is stronger just now for the principle of practical
Christmas gifts than the merchant who does not deal iu novelties and the
knicknacks of any kind.
o
Less than two more weeks to s.it around in our stocking feet, muses
the head of th.e house, on the prospect of breaking into a new pair of house
slippers.
o
People who used to measure their Christmas turkey by the size of their
family are today measuring it by the size of their pocketbook.
o
It used to read "Turkey, cranberry cauce and all the fixings of a Christ
mas dinner." After eating one of those meals this year you'll have the im
pulse to correct the advertisement to "Cranberry sauce, turkey and few ot
the fixings, etc."
0
Remember the time' when mother used to worry about the size of the
platter to carry the turkey? Father was a hit clumsy and after he was
through carving there were always stains of gravy on the tablecloth where
the big bird had dangled its legs. Few are the worries , of the plaiter and
the stained tablecloth this year. The big worry '11 be Jo make the turkey
look big enough to cover that platter.
o-
Put, as tho turkey remarked. "You can cuss about high prices but I'm
the one who gets it in the neck." .
Had it not been for K. Q. Snider,
Harry Crockett and Frank Bartee
tne trophies and records of the high
school would have been burned up
up with the rest of the building. The
trophiee represent many hard fought
contests and were highly valued by
the students.
IN THE WORLD OF WOMAN
C. F. Philbrook, superintendent of,
the public schools, has wired for text'
books and school will probably be
held in some of the junior highs or
one of the several churches. i
The graduating class held a meet
ing Monday Dec. 15 at the high school
and decided to present the school
with a statuette of an American sol
dier captured in France The in
scription on the bottom will read:
Captured but not conquered". Grif-
The graduating class is certainly
having an unhappy send off. Their
class day exercises which were to be
held Friday have been cancelled, but
the Commencement exercises will be
held as announced. The place will
be announced within the next day or
: two.
Turning Pack the Calendar
Seventeen Years Ago In Bisbee
The Orient ioulette tablo was hiked
out of yesterday afternoon in a
peculiar manner. A player came- into
the house and laid down tho money
on the black. It came red. and h
grabbed up the money and rushed
out of the house. The house has.no
redress and cannot prosecute the
player as gambling is not legal.
Sr. Manuel Garcia is arranging for
a grand hull fight at the Naco. Sou
! ora arena, on Chrii-'tiiias day.- He t,
J also pl'inning on li inginy; th great
I f-nuito luill lighter. ; ulnra It
toros. Ygnacia Hernandez.
! part in the fight.
to tiiko
DAILY SMILE FOR WOMEN
"I'm afraid your husband is beyond
help," said the doctor to the wife.
"I can give no hope."
"Here, you." came a voice from the
bed, "I haven't snuffed out yet."
"Keep quiet, dearie," answered the
wife.- "Leave it to the doctor; he
Knows best." Jersey City Journal.
MENU FOR TODAY
BREAKFAST Fresh pears, cream
ed dried beef, baking powder bis
cuits, coffee.
LUNCHEON Peach fritters. ,nuts
and raisins, tea.
DINNTR Asparagus soup. pork
chops, baked white potatoes, apple
sauce, tomato jelly, brown bread una
butter, steamed cup pudding, coffee.
i
! Joe Muheim went to Thnbslonc
! yesterday on mining business and be
I fore he could get away the ,sheri.T
I served a subpoena on hiiu for jurv
duty. He will remain in Tombstone
several days.
A largo crowd was amused last
ni;;h in front, of the library by a
! sired lakh, who sold litem patent
j pens, lie r,.ivc a short vaudeville
i performance and then told of the
many enn it:' of Ii i v.arcs.
TODAY'S RECIPE
ASPARAGUS SOUP
I cup white stock
1 small can asparagus
1 cup cold water
j 1 cup hot milk
I 1 teaspoon butter
j 1 tablespoon flour
Salt and peppei.
! Drain and rinse asparagus
, irw sin.i Mild stalks to cold
Boil 10 niinutes. add stock and cook
1 20 minutes longer. Hub through a
i sieve and add butter and flour cook
j ed together. Add milk, .-all and pop
; pei and tips. Serve very hot.
of dep fat frying. Contrary to com-;
mon belief it is not. expensive, foods!
so cooked are not indigestible and j
the amount of fat absorbed is not as;
great as in pan frying. ;
The secret cf successful cooking '
in deep fat is to have the fat at the
proper temperature. The ideal way
to do this is to haye a fat thermo
meter. These thermometers are not
prohibitive in price and are very
satisfactory.
But if one docs not care to invest
in a thermometer the old-fashioned
way- of testing fat will answer, pro
vided one is painstaking. When the
fat bcg;n: to smoke, drop in an inch
cubs of bread from the soft part oi
tho loaf. If in 40 seconds the bread
is golden brown the fat is the right
temperature for r-.ving any cooked
mixture such as croquettes. For un
cooked mixtures the b:v:.d shoula
brown in 00 seconds.
All fried foods should be drained
on heavy brown paper when removed
from fat.
GOES TO PANAMA
Sa ve
water.
CHIC WAY TO WEAR VEIL
NEW YORK. Dec. Ifi. A veil may
be trimly tied close to lite face. It
may bans in louse ripples held only
at the top. Or it may be 'tied '-closely
iough in a bow high at the back,
but for all that, hung rather loosely
at the chin. That's the style from
Parisian t-l.ops. lite veil is "of castor
lace, tied in a large knot high on the
mi Ik, n bat.
mm
- . - t
Vv'''""'''.''
: - . is ' (
AC I
DEEP FAT FRYING I
There is. much to be said in favor i
Read the Daily Review Want Ads.
EfiV
LONDON Mrs. Percy Bennett, wife
of the newl appointed Urititdi minister
to Panama .is accompanying her hus
band to Central America. She in
very popular in England and America. iTHE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW.
PAGE FIVE
Local
N SPORT REAL
World
YOUR BANK
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1919
M
PIUEA SHOWS J GEORGES CAHPENTIER AS I KNEW HI
iri rimr mnnn
IN FINE F01
FOR IAS BOUT
EDITOR'S NOTE Jimmy Bronson
was the overseas boxing director for
the Y. M. C. A. He promoted and ref
erred boxing bouts at the famous
Palace dt Grace, and the Cirque de
Paris. He participated in more than
Kid Talmer, welterweight champion 700 fights In 'army camps, tourong
of the United States army, who hat
tles Frank Loughrey, the local welter
weight, in Warren park on the after
noon of Christmas Day, came up from
Douglas yesterday afternoon and
worked out in the K. of C. gymnasium
to give the local fans a line on his con
dition. The army champion is in fine fet
tle, owing to his recent match with
Colima in Tucson, which he won in
five rounds by the knockout route.
His workout yesterday was impres
sive. Loughrey is also working hard every
every day, and says he will be in the
best shape of his long career when the
gong clangs in the open air arena in
Warren park Christmas afternoon.
Loughrey ran to the top of the Di
vide and back with Walter -Caldwell
yesterday morning, and put in a fast
hour in the gymnasium in the afternoon.
Interest in the coming bout
strong from Tucson to Douglas.
France, Germany, Italy and Belgium.
He was official referee for the A. E.
F. and inter-allied tournaments. He is
one of the few men in American to
day who really knew the European
champion... It was a keen disappoint
ment to Bronson when Carpentier's in
jured hand prevented him from meet
ing Bob Martin, America's pride. But
he saw the Frenchman often and they
became quite chummy. Carpentier
has in Bronson a great admirer, even
though the American manager feels
certain some day his own fighter, Bob
Martin, will meet and beat the French
man as well as anyone else standing
between him and the title. '
ffl
1250,000 FOR
FIGHT
PARIS, Dec. 16. Two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars is the amount
Jack Dempsey wants to come to
France to fight Carpentier. M. de
Coin, manager of "the Wonderland
Sporting club of Paris, announces sure poison for the English.
BY JIMMY BRONSON
Carpentier is a clean, keen thinker,
one who is never Idle. Every second
he is in the ring
teems with action
He moves in and
out with uncanny
speed. He is a
wonderful d i s
tance hitter, nev
er sets, but shoots
punches from ev
ery conceivable
angle and packs a
dreamlulling kick
in either hand.
Carpentier typi
fies everything
that's beautiful in
a fighting man
a finished and I
polished piece of spectacular fighting !
craft. J
As a boxer he started from the ban- j
tarns and finished among the heav- j
ies. He has had considerable diffi-1
culty with "Yank" fighters, but is I
13 ir s
f " i
- j. l
"- 'tH
( -:-:.:v.sv.s.: :-x-
; - O-'-V ;
i i W " Ecftfc. ci'
!
-V L lm
1
Chambers to Fight
Eddie Johnson at
Safford Christmas
liuamrii v iiiiuiui r ' ------ - - - j
terweight, has been matched to meet,
Eddie Johnson in Safford on Christ
mas day. Chambers is expecting to
break his string of adverse decisions
oh that date, and the fans of Safford
are looking for a lively battle. Cham
bers lost in both his last starts,
Frank Loughrey gaining a decision
over him in Bisbee on Armistice Day,
while he recently lost a decision to
Eddie Huse, Pacific Coast welter
weight champion, in Phoenix. The
decision in this bout was unpopular.
Chambers being cheered by the crowd,
whire the referee was hooted. The
Johnson-Chambers bout will be for ten
rounds.
Carpentier is quit a romantic fig ure in Paris,
champion was taken with a famous a ctress.
This picture of the
that he will pay the price.
A cablegram from Jack Kearns,
Deniprfey's manager, was received by
M. de Coin this afternoon, asking for
this amount. Kearns said he has
received a bona fide offer of $350,000
When he is on the boulevard he is
followed by an admiring throng who
gayly call out "Vive; Vive, Carpen
tier." When in th ering representa
tive Franc turns out to do him honor.
Prince and Duke
Back Carpentier
The high esteem In which Car
pentier is held in France is well
emphasized in a cablegram receiv
ed by Jimmy Bronson from the
representative of M. DeCoin, man
ager of the French Wonderland,
asking Bronson to get in touch
with Dempsey for a fight in France
Bastile Day, July 14. He stated that
Prince Murat, who gave his home
to President Wilson during the
peace conference, and Duke de
Cases were behind Carpentier. De
coin stated that 2,600,COO francs
were - available to promote the
match.
ways in condition. A Frenchman will
not nter the ring unless he is right.
He is marvdlously quick and clever.
I don't know of a fighter in America
who compares with him In point ot
action in the ring.
j. As for gameness you must hand it
j to the French. But they nave differ
I ent ring customs. Over here a fighter
' must be beaten to a pulp before he
j can gracefully throw up Ihe sponge.
! Over there' the fans expect a fightec
i hopelessly beaten to "fend the bout by
He is tendered an ovation wherever
purse for a battle between Carpentier he goes. ; , , .
and Dempsey in America. Kearns- He has the keenest of managers in j aspirant, has three strong points
also asks for the option of a percent- De Champs, who has piloted him condition, a punch and a general make
age. ' j over the rocks and to a spot where he j UJ'P 01 the things found in a title
M. d eCoin wired Kearns that he js the one man in the world at the j holder.
whs readv to guarantee him $250,008 nresent time who has a chance with j In the first two respects he fooled
and wished to know what percentage jack Dempsey, greatest hitter of all
was desired. If he receives a satis-. times.
factory answer he will leave for Losi Carpentier, as a championship
Angeles immediately to close tho
contract.
r
WILL TALK HERE
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 16 Jack
Kearns, manager of Jack Dempsey,
stated here today that the latest of
fer made by Theodore Vienne, for a
maicn wun ucuib --, ,,, ,a ,l5m
the result of several cahle " "Zl
American. But fans of America
should vere be fooled about the condi
tion of a French fighter. They're al-
"resigning." Carpentier has been
criticized in American for "reslgnng,"
but that s the custom there and our
ring fans just dWn't understand it.
Carpenier was in great shape for
Beckett. . He hadn't been idle since he
left the army. In fact he had taken
part in many fights in France before
meeting Beckett. The news didn't
get out because they love him so much
over there that even th exporting edi
tors observed his wishes and withheld
the news to the rest of the world.
They were willing to make that sac
rifice for him.
(Tomoorrow Another Carpentier
story by Jimmy Bronson.)
&3I
BY RAZZ BERRY
George Carpentier is good to his
R
hetween : Kearns and
Paris was
exchanges
Vienne.
Kearns declared he would not
reach any decision regarding the pos
sibility of a match in Europe until
representatives of France and Eng
lish promoters, now on the way to
the United States arrive.
"Then I will bring them all to Los
Angeles and we will talk business,"
Kearns added.
She cooked
meals.
the French champion's
First 12 years arc the hardest. Joe
Beckett must go out and get 'a repu-
, tation now. It tokk him 12 years to
get the first one and then he lost it
in 70 seconds. If it take 12 years to
i get another one he'll only be 37.
Caldwell Starts
Training for Bout
With Cliff Jordan
-.,n,. f':.l.lwll. the New Mexico
middleweight, yesterday began his
training for a bout in his city in Jan
uary with Cliff Jordan, the Pacific
Coast middleweight champion. Cald
aldwell is working out with Frank
Loughrey, the local welterweight.
Jordan has two decisions over
Johnny Celmars to his credit. He has
fought once before in Arizona, win
ning by. a knockout in six rounds, in
I'honix two months ago.
Read the Daily Review Want Ada.
Baseball high ball, boxing's punch,
football's kick when brewed carefully
make a swell dish of razzberry cordial.
They're bidding down in New Orleans,
They offered half a million beans.
France stakes her was indemni tee
To attract the champs to gay Paree.
This isn't bull, nor is it salve
The coin's the cheapest thing we have
TERRIBLYSWOLLEH
offering- Described As Tortori
Relieved by Black-Draught.
LEFT.EARFUL
When we wer eyoung we used "to tote
The victuals from the store
Packed in a market basket, but
We don't do that no more.
Jimmy Wilde should do his boxing
in a Tuxedo.
The only way we'll ever get a soup-and-fish
arrayed champion in this
United States is to develop a hash
house chauffeur into a box fighter.
RIGHT EARFUL
Whne we were young we used to tote
It's harly big enough;
We carry it chock full of cash
With which to buy the stuff.
The Connie Mack-Colonel Huston
joke is good enough for any minstrel
show :
Mack Houston has a ball team and
no park.
Huston Mack h;is a park and no
ball team.
J POSITIVE PROOF
Should Convince the Greatest Skeptic
in Bisbee .
Bis-
Tliat makes it look like the Ameri
can leagun had six whole clubs and
two half clubs, or seven clubs altogether.
LONG WAIT.
Stranger Can I get a drink in this
town?
Native Yes, if you'll hang around
a while.
Stranger About how long?
Native Why, until congress
changes the constitution again.
However, there were eight towns in
the league though Mack's crew was a
long" ways from the rest of them at
the finish.
lli cause it's the evidence of a
bio citizen.
Testimony easily investigated.
The strongest endorsement of inert.
The best proof. ,Read it:
James Fell, miner, 131 Tombstone
Canyon, says: "I 'suffered with rheu
matic l-uins and the muscles of my
buck were sore and lame. Every
time 1 bent over or moved quickly, i
knile-likc ' pains went through my
back. I was miserable, my kidneys
didn't act right at all and I was in
pretty bail shape. Doan's Kidney (
Pills cured my. I
Price 60c, at all dealers. Don i
simply ask for a kidney remedy get
Doan's Kedney Pills the same that
Mr. Kill had. Fostcr-Milburn Co..
Jdfrs., Buffalo, N. Y. Adv.
In London they would give the mint.
To land Jay Demps and George Car-pent.
j OVER-ACIDITY
i of the stomach has upset many a
night's rest It your stomach is acid
disturbed, dissolve two or three
ItMIGI
on the tongue before retiring and en
joy ref reshin g sleep. The purity and
goodness of Ki-moids guaranteed by
SCOTT A BOWNE
MAKERS OF SCOTT'S EMULSION
RHEUM PAINS
Quickly Eased By Penetrating
. Hamlin's Wizard OU
A safe and harmless preparation
to relieve the pains of Rheumatisnv i
Sciatica, Lame Back and Lumbago is i
Hamlin's Wizard UiL it penetrate
quickly, drives out soreness, and
limbers up stiff aching joints and
muscles. !
You will find almost daily nses to
It in cases of sudden mijhaps or ao,
cidents such as sprains, bruises, cuts,
burns, bites and stings. Just as re
liable, too, for earache, toothache
rrrfun nd colic' i
Get it from druggists for 30 centsV
If not satisfied return the bottle and
get your money back.
Ever constipated or have sick
headache? Just try Wizard Liver
Whips, pleasant little pink pills, 30
'.cuts. Guaranteed. I
ORE THROAT
or Tonsilitis, gargle
with warm salt
water, then apply
Rossville, Ga. Mrs. Kate Lee Able, o!
this plase, writes: "My husband is an
engineer, and once while lifting, he in
jured himself with a piece of heavy ma
chinery, across the abdomen. Ke was
to sore he could not bear to press on
himself at all, on chest or abdomen. He
weighed 165 lbs., and fell, off until he
weighed 110 lbs., in two weeks.
He became constipated and it looked
like he would die. We had thr:e different
doctors, yet with all their mt dicine, his
bowels failed to act. '.He would turn up
a ten-cent bottle of castor oil, and drink
it two or three days in succession. He
did this yet without result. We became
desperate, he suffered so. He was swol
len terribly. He told me his suffering
could only be described a3 torture.
I sant and bought Thedford's Black
Draught. I made him take a big dose,
and when it began to act he fainted, he
was in such misery, but he got relief and
began to mend at once. He got well,
and we both feel he owes his life to
Thedford's Black-Draught."
Thedford's Black-Draught will help you
to keep fit, ready for the day's work.
Try it! NC-13J
VlCK'SW
'APOR
YOUR BODYGUARD" - 30 60'.
uim
H.70
M. C. HIGH
For Sale
4 room house and cabin, Opera
Drive, $250.00, Hal. Terms.
4 room house, completely furnish
ed. $500.00 cash, Bal. easy pay
ments, Cochise.
Graded lot on Cluwsou Hill; a
bargain.
Lot 103x105, Arizona street, in
Warren' corner. A good buy.
Rooming House, 15 rooms, com
pletely furnished, house full; ?750
cash will handle this, bal. terms
8 rooms, Opera Drive, complete
ly furnished, $'J75.00.
4-room house, Jiggcrville; cash
$250.00, bal. terms. '
10-rooni house, good condition, 6
rooms furnished: new concrete
garage. A bargain. Johnson Addi
tion, 5600.00 caf-h, bal. terms.
Capital, Resources, and the Ability, Char
acter and Standing of the men who con
duct its affairs are what go to make up a
strong banking institution.
Possessing aJl these qualities this Bank
invites your banking business.
Bank with us.
REVIEW WANT ADS BRINGS RESULTS.
'iam
penalized
if vr one
cornea
toe"
am.
We SaluteThisTire
You will too
When you consider that the
growth of our business de
pends upon the kind of tires we
sell and the service we render;
you realize that Miller Tires
must be exceptional or we
would not feature them as
we do.
They are. They are long-distance
runners built by uni
form workmen to a champion
ship standard. No tires cost you
less per mile, none others are
Geared' to the-Road,
LOWELL AUTO CO.
Lowell,. Ariz. Phone 34
Winter Schedule For
ce Deliveries
LOUISIANA
OIL BULLETIN
Containing Map of the Louisiana
Oil Fields, and four 7-cplumn
peges of live oil news fresh from
the oil fields. Compiled from cil
field journals and newspapers up
to Dec. 1st. Call and get a free
copy, or drcp us a postal and it
will be mailed to you, free.
BAILEY, HALL & CO.
Investments,
602-4-6 Citizens Natl. Bank Bldg.
Los Angeles. Phone 62174. Calif.
Roofing That
Serves You Best
Barrett Everlasting Roofings
Everlasting Slate Surfaced
Roofing is an unusually artistic
and durable roll-roofing, sur
faced with crushed slate in
red or green. For roofing tho
better class of buildings and
also for use in valleys, on flat
roofed dormers, etc., where
Everlasting Shingles are used
for tho main roof. Nails and
cement in each roll.
Everlasting "Rubber" Roof
ing the most popular roofing
of thi3 typefi now in use on
thousands of buildings in all
larts of tho world. It Is tough
pliable, elastic, durable and
very low in price. The great
est value in in each roll.
Ask Us For Full Information
Bisbee Lumber
Company
EM1L MARKS, Mgr.
Lowell Car Stop. Phone 25
EVERY DAY DELIVERY
BISBEE Main street from Masonic Temple down
Naco Road to Slap; Dump. Also
Brewery Gulch to Mason Market.
LOWELL Main street.
JOHNSON ADDITION Main street.
ALTERNATE DAY DELIVERIES
December 14th and each alternate day thereafter
Warren, Cochise, Bakerville.
December 15th and each alternate (lay thereafter
BISBEE Upper Tombstone Canyon above Ma
sonic Temple, School Hill, CUnvson Hill,
Upper Brewery Gulch, Youugblood
. Hill, H'iggins Hill, -Mason Hill.
Naco Road from Slag Dump to Johnson Addition.
Any outlying district not mentioned above will be
delivered on the following day if order is sent or
telephoned to our office (telephone number 197.)
IN CASE OF SICKNESS by notifying office spe
cial attention will be given your order.
After 5:;0 p. m. call telephone GIX).
WE WANT TO SERVE YOU WITH ICE
WHEN YOU NEED IT
In case vou do not get service tell us about it. We
-will see that you get-it. .
BISBEE IMPROVEMENT
COMPANY
REVIEW WANT ADS BRINGS RESULTS-
Open Until
P
I i
L. L' Gilman
Jeweler
Bisbee
Lowell :-: Douglas PAGE BIX
THE B I SB EE DAILY REVIEW
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1919
ADVEHTURE-S
OF- THE: TWINS
hy Olive, Roberta Barton-
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
STOCKS AND BONDS
NEW YORK, Dec. 16. Relaxed
money further pronounce! iir.yrove
n.ent in foreign exchange, and favor
abel technical condit; jas were the
principal factors whhh cuided today's
moderately active stock maifcet to ma
terially higher quotations.
Banking interests expressed satis
faction at the completion of yester
day's eiiOimous tax payments and
other heavy cash transfers without
disturbance to the local monetary sit
uation. This was evident in the lower
rates lor call loans which ruled a 7
per coat with a final rate of 6. '
Stirling or British remittances rose
about 12 cents to the pound over the
recent low records.
Much of the day's advance was
made at the expense of the shorts, es
upecially in motors, oils, steels and
equipments were extreme gains of 2
to 12 points were recorded,
high grade industrials including
stocks to lag during the day, but that
, division came forward in spirited
fashion just before the close. Their
strength was based on reports that
efforts to reconcile the difference be
tween the house and the senate re
garding transportation legislation
were likely to succeed. Sales amount
to 1.000,000 shares.
Convertible or speculative railway
fconds.were lower with several of the
ther pressure with nominal changes in
United States Steel 5's. Several of
the Liberty issues also yielded to flir
tation now. It took him 12 years to
internationals. Total sales, par value,
aggregated $25,250,000. Old. United
States bonds' were unchanged on call.
COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK, Dev. 16. Cotton clos
ed steady at a net advance of 10 to
11S points.
MINERAL MARKET
NEW YORK. Dec. 16. Lead, firm;
spot 7.007.25; zinc easy; spot East
St. Louis delivery 8.158.25; bar sil
ver 1.33; copper, seady, lS's
1874.
L. J. OVERLOOK. Broker
Closing Quotations December 16, 1919
NEW YORK STOCKS
American Can
American Car Foundry- ....
American Beet ....
American Sletmers
American "Linseed
American Locomotive .
Allis X.
Atchison .....
Baldwin
65 14
138
92
65
69
93
47
82
108
94
29
Bethlehem Steel ;
Baltimore and Ohio
Canadian Pacific 133
Cerrp
Central Leather
Crucible Steel .,
C. and O. .
Dutch .
General Motors
63
93
210
v
95
328
77
37
80
Great Northern pfd
Groat Northern Ore
Goodrich
Industrial Alcohol 103 lA
International Nickel
Lackawanna Steel
Maine ...
Marine pfd
Mexican Petroleum
New Yorw Central
Northern Pacific
Oklahoma Products
Ohio Gas
Pan American
Pennsylvania
Pierce Arrow
Reading
Republic Steel
Rubber
St Paul
Southern Pacific
Sinclair . .'
Studebaker
Texas Pacific
Texas Oil
Union Pacific
U. S. Steel
U. S". Food
Willys ..
Westinghouse
NEW YORK COPPERS
Anaconda
Butte
Chino .
Chill
Green Cananea .
Inspiration . .
Miami ..
Nevada .1
Old Dominion . .
21
76
49
104
190
68
78
48
102
40
86
o'
112
124
38
193
43
106
41
290
123
104
76
29
53
56
25
35
1S
65y4
50
21
14
35
Ray Cons
Shattuck
Utah ..
BOSTON COPPERS
Arizona Coml
Allouez
Calumet and Arizona
C. a ad H.
Copper Range
Daly West
Davis Daly
East Butte
Franklin .
Hancock .
Keenenaw
ake Copper ..
May Old Colony
Mohawk
North Butte
New Cornelia
Osceola
Pond Creek
Quincy .
' Shannon .
Stnca .....MyM..iWtMM.w..M.....
Ventura 1 :
Winona .
Wolverine
NEW YORK CURBS
Amal Roy
Aritex
Big Ledge
Cons Copper
Cresson ....
Denn
Dundee
Gadsden ..:
Hecla
Howe Sound
Hull Copper
Jerome Verde
Kay Copper
Magma Copper
Fagniii Chief
Miami
Porfy ......
Ray Here
19
12
70
3
12
33
62
385
42
3
12
13
3
4
1
3
10
59
15
12
19
47
26
go'
31
1
14
16
1
IS 12
- ' 1
Silver King 1
Verde Extension ..-
Verde Combination
OILS
Cosden
Federal
Island L.
Okmulgee
Sapulpa
5Vi
2
25
1
3?4
3
35
,
1
36
10
ss
1
39
9
5
6
lV
7
COLLINS & BRETHER0ON, Brokers
Bid Ask
Argo 8
Big Jim 4 5
Gold Ore 3 4
Gold Dust . 9
Gold Cliff .... 12
Lucky Boy . 3 5
Sunnyside '. 6 7
Telluride .. 16
Tom Reed . 1.63 1.64
United Eastern 4.00 4.05
Red Lion 20
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden
Green Monster 1
Dundee .
Jerome Verde
Magma Chief
Wolv Arizona
Verde Combination .
Night Hawk
Kay Copper
North Tigre
1.50
12
62
37
31
25
Ask
2.25
37
' 87
50
37
i.15
37
D.00
1.60
25
"ONLY ONE THING -.BREAKS
MY GOLD!
"That's Dr. King New Dis
covery for fifty years
a cold-breaker"
NOTHING bat sustained quality
and unfailing effectiveness can
arouse such enthusiasm. Noth
ing but sure relief from stubborn
old colds and onmshlng new ones,
grippe, throat-tearing coughs, and
croup could have made Dr. King's
New Discovery the nationally popu
lar and standard remedy It is today.
Fifty years old and always reli
able. Good for the whole family.
A bottle in the medicine cabinet
means a short-lived cold or cough,
60c. and $1.20. All druggists.
Stubborn Bowels Tamed
Positive In action, yet natural,
comfortable, pleasant. Dr. Kings
New Lifa Pills are a boon to bowels
that need assistance. They elimi
nate fermenting waste and put the
system In normal shape. Ail drug
gists 23c. a bottle.
SHIFT THE SCENES AND YOU'LL PROFIT
Don't fritter away all your earnings on today's transitory pleasures.
Look toward the future. Every man can afford to save something
each week. No man can afford not to save.
This bank! s a safe, secure and helpful depository for your savings.
Miners and Merchants Bank
BI3BEE, ARIZONA
The Twins Meet Scarecrow
Scarecrow was getting terribly tired. He watched the
young green blades of corn push up from the yellow ground a?
though an army of warriors was about to break through, the
tips of their bayonets coming first. Then later he watched the
tall stalks waving their leaves this way and that in the wind,
like young graceful maidens courtesying in a dance. Then
last of all came the fattening ears with their hidden treasures
Of gold. '
He had to look up now when he wanted to see the sky,
for the brown silk tops of the corn had ong since passed him
in height and he had the feeling of being in a dense forest. The
SNOW MOUNTAIN,
He had watched the young green blades of corn push up
from the yellow ground.
crows were no longer afraid of him Thy haci kept out of
his way very carefully at first in the shelter of the woods, for
Scarecrow carried a gun, at least it looked enough like one not
to take a chance. And when the wind blew his coat tails
would flop ominously, which sent the crows scurrying further
into leafy recesses. All that time the young grains Farmer
Smith had planted had a chance to swell and sprout and get a
good start for the summer, for it was a very brave crow that
would dare venture out in the field.
But after while, when nothing occurred, they lost their
fear and approached quite boldly. Particularly when the ears
had formed and the grains were theirs for the seeking.
Indeed they quite forgot all 'about Scarecrow's gun and
they would fly to the cornfield in great flocks and even sit on
the silent sentine and perch on his gun, too.
"Ha, ha," they cried, "you can't fool us, now." It was
Very mortifying.
And this was the condition of affairs when Nancy and
Nick pushed through the cornfield thinking they might run
across their lost monkey. .
Nacozari Consolidated
Feather River Copper
OIL STOCKS
Big 4
Duke of Dublin
Comanche Home
Comanche County ,
El Paso Ranger
El Paso Burkburnett
Jaggers Wallace
King 8
Ocean
Ranger Central
Silver Cycle
Weimar
Texas Crude
U. S. Oil :
Bisbee Texas
Homer Union
.40 .45
1.00
Bid Ask
.80 .90
.75
.95
7.00
.50 .70
5.00
.50
3.50 4.25
1.35 1.50
1.00 1:15
75
....... .90
....... .30
10
1.00
1.25 1.35
Service
Southwestern Dev
First issue
. 1.00
1 I
ll firearms Ammunition
I
ffl
LOOK FOR j
THE FED BALL
TRADE, J1ARJK. t
Ml
ShaotinJ Eight'
1
tii Tump B-
AUTOMOBILE AND GARAGE
BISBEE
GUIDE
LOWELL
Showing the Principal Automobile Agencies, Auto and Tire Supply
Houses. Garages, Auto Repair Shops and Vulcanizing Plants.
I SS OUsmobile
1 5l:S:::iiiJy The car of moderate price and
I America's Leading High Class Ultra Beauty with Endurance
B Car and Performance Galore.
I Slag Dump Garage
Thain Garage
Repairing of Motors
EXPERTS ON IGNITION, MAGNETOS AND GENERATORS
SECOND HAND CARS FOR SALE
0; K. Street, Bisbee
9sm F. J. KEOGH CO. Me
i
LOWELL
PHONE 264
AUTOMOBILE PAINTING, UPHOLSTERING
SEAT COVERS, TOPS RECOVERED, OVERHAULING
ELECTRICAL AND MECHANICAL REPAIRING
GOODYEAR TIRES
TUBES AND ACCESSORIES
Cars Washed and Polished.
DECEMBER, 13th
DEAR MR. WINFREY:
PHELPS DODGE MER. CO
WE ARE LEAVING SNOW MOUNTAIN TODAY, AND
IF WE HAVE NO ACCIDENTS wiLL BE IN BISBEE
AT 2 : 30 SATURDAY AFTERNOON, DECEMBER 20th'.
MY REINDEERS WERE NEVER IN BETTER CONDITION,
THEY ARE RACING ALONG AT TOP SPEED, THEY JUST
PLOW THOUGH THE SNOW. WE EXPECT TO REACH
DENVER BY FRIDAY, AND I'LL SEND YOU A TELEGRAM
FROM THERE UPON ARRIVAL, TO LET YOU KNOW .
THE EXACT TIME WE WILL REACH YOUR STORE.
'PLEASE DON'T FORGET TO LET ALL THE CHIL
DREN KNOW OF MY COMING AND TELL THEM TO HAVE
THEIR LETTERS READY.
LOOK FOR MY TELEGRAM FRIDAY.
SANTA CLAUS.
YOURS AFFECTIONATELY,
N
ave Money
Buy Beef by the Quarter
Special today, Wednesday, t for the one day only we will sell at our
Markets
FRONT QUARTERS PRIME BEEF, 11 CENTS POUND
POT ROASTS, 17 1-2 CENTS POUND
PRIME RIB ROASTS, 20 CENTS POUND
SHORT RIBS, 15 CENTS POUND
BRISKET BOIL, i5 CENTS POUND
Remember that. all our Beef is handled in the most clean and san
itary manner possible. Slaughtered in the most sanitary and up-to-date
Packing Plant in the State of Arizona and inspected and passed
by a U. S. Government Inspector. You CANNOT buy a piece of
INFECTED MEAT at
Tovrea
m
e
r V-
All Meats U. S. Inspected
P. S. Our King Sausage maker has just turned out a batch of pure,
home made, old fashioned Pork Sausage. It goes fine with hot cakes
these cold mornings. We ask 40 cents a pound for it and it is
worth it. Try a ound now.
Commercial Printing of Quality at Review EAGE SEVEN
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1919.
THE BISBEE D A 1 L Y R E Y i E 32
J
REVI EW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head are at the rate of 1 cent per word for
wen Insertion, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. No as will be
eiveJ Icier than 7 p. m. for Insertion the next morning and no ads
will be taken ever the telephone.
For Sale
FOR SALE California 40-acre ranch
for sale or trade for Bisbee proper
ty. Box 2425. city. 1933-12-20
FOR SALE 1 dresser, 1 bed, 1 child's
rocker, grass rug. Inquire of Harry
Cochran, transfer man. 1965-12-23
FOR SALE: Two flve-pasesnger
Fords, both dt these cars are con
dition 1; five passenger Chevrolet,
finely equipped; 1 Buick light six.
This car is a good buy; any of these
on time payments to suit you. W.
L. Smart. Lowell Auto Co., Chevro
let Dialers. Phone 34. 2010-12-1S
FOR SALE Now is the time to buy a
good used car; new cars are scarce
some factories are closed; 1 have
some good used card I will sell you
on your own terms. W. L. Smart,
Lowell Auto Co., Chevrolet Dealers,
Phoue 34. 2011-12-19
FOR SALE 1920 Chevrolet at a bar
gain. Southern Arizona Auto Co.,
phone 20. 2013-tM2
ONE 1915 and one 1918 Harley David
son motorcycle; both in Al condi-j
tion; we also handle new machines.
Borderland Garage, Johnson Add. J
J!Z 2018-12-23
FOR SALE Fifteen room house, $300 !
down, balance same as rent. 162 !
Temby avenue. 2019-12-23 i
I"
FOR SALE Sixteen rooms, steam ;
heated -with running water; dining
room in connection. See Mrs. Fair
clbugh, McGregor building.' Warren.
1949-12-20
FOR SALE Hudson car, in good
condition; touring or truck body.
Inquire Y. M. C. A. 1914-12-17
FOR SALE Good assortment or fur
niture; house can be rented. B. F.
Wood, Review office. 1919-12-tf
FOR SALE One 6 h. p. engine, Mor
ris & Fairbanks; new; never been
used; a bargain. Mrs. M. T. Frush.
Box N, Lowell. 1937-12-21
FOR SALE 5-passenger Maxwell,
overhauled, new tires all around.
Slag Dump Garage. 1913-12-18
FOR SALE Plymouth
down, balance terms.
Hotel, ?500
1907-12-18
FOH SALE Milch cow; now fresh, 5
gallons per day. Box 4C6 or phone
162.
1886-1217
FOR SALE Cigar stand, lunch coun
ter and soft drink business. Apply
to S. K. Williams. 1827-tf
FOR SALE National cash register,
four sub total. See L. L. Gilman.
1466-tf
FOR SALE Left in pawn, diamonds,
watches, shotguns, revolvers, at sec
ond hand prices. United Loan and
Jewe.'ry Co., Brewery Gulch.
1265-tf
FURNITURE FOR SALE Privilege j
of renting good house in Warren.
B. F. Wood, Review office. j
1920-12-tf j
DON'T SELL YOUR CAR until you
see us. We buy them' running or
wrecked. Highest prices paid for
metals, rubber, sacks, hides and
wool. The Arizona Wrecking Co..
Lowell, Ariz. Phoue 446. 1474-tf
FOR SALE Four roomed house, part-j.
ly furnished for $60. with $200 down, j
balance on easy terms. Appry Jared I
Trejo, South Bisbee. 1952-12-18 !
FOR SALE One five room house on
Laundry Hill. Apply Edwin Harris,
36 Laundry Hill or phone Red 647.
1954-12-23
FOR SALE Nice walnut mistletoe.
Box 1303, Bisbee. 1957-12-19
FOR SALE Pure bred Hens and Pul
yets of all breeds. Write for prices.
MESA SEED & FEED CO., Mesa,
Arizona. ' 10-26
FOR SALE Drilling steel and wheel
barrow, 105 Jones' Canyon.
1958-12-18
FOR SALE One 3 room plastered
house, front porch, large sleeping
porch, two corner lots, one cement
building 12x20 feet for car one cow
barn one chicken house, both lots
fenced. 224 Hazard street. Warren.
2001 1218
FOR SALE StuUebaker roadster, Al
condition, new tires and tubes. Own-
or has to leave city.
A snap. Co
2002 12-18
chise Motor Co.
FOR KALE Almost new good looking
gray go-cart, $15; goo gas range.
$10; Perfection oil heater. $1. Tele
phone Green 438. 200312-17
.FOR SALE Why don't you come in
..
when you want a new car or good
used car. 1 have some used tars in
fine bhape. You can purchase any
kind of a car on ver yrasy tcrnis. W.
L. Smart, Lowell Auto Co., Chevro
let dealers. Phoiic 34. 1959-1218
FOR SALE No. 8 tstove, ourns coal;
also tahlo and two chairs. See C. II.
Green, box 862. ' 1953 12-21
FOR RENT Five room house. 201S."
Opera Drive, above Heudcrson's
l-liuber yard. 1963-12 21
For Rent
FOR RENT Two nicely, furnished
housekeeping rooms. Arizona hotel.
1967-12-23
FOR RENT Five room house. 206B,
Opera Drive, above Henderson's
lumber yard. 2009-12-23
FOR RENT One furnished room
cabin. Apply Mason Hotel, Lowell.
2017-12-19
FOR RENT 3 room house. 22 Baker
ville. 2018-12-19
FOR RENT 3 furnished rooms. 62
Jiggerville, 1915-12-18
FOR RENT Furnished small house,
3 rooms with light and gaa. 41
Laundry Hill. 1935-12-17
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 98C O. K. street.
1936-12-17
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms; light, water and gas.
120 Upper LowelL 1941-12-21 ,'
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
for light housekeeping; lights, water
and gas. 163 Opera Drive.
. 1950-12-17
FOR RENT-2-r"oom furnished house
with sleeping porch. Mrs. Matt
Griggs. South Bisbee, phone Blue
817. . 1791-12-17
FOR RENT-2-rooin furnished apart-
mem. nayes nuuse, lumusiuue vau-
I J'on.
1799-12-18
FOR RENT Beautifully new furnish
ed rooms with running water; elec
tric lights, telephone, every con
venience, cool rooms for summer,
close in. La More Hotel, O. K. St,
near depot. tf
FOR RENT Two furnished apart
ments; close in; Tombstone Can
yon. Bruce Perle'y, C. Q. Hotel
BldS- 1842-1-4-tf
See our line of Whitman's candies I
in beautiful Xmas fancy containers at
the Bisbee Smoke House.
Adv.
FOR RENT 4 room furnished house
with fenced chicken yard on Miller
Hill. W. E. I'augh, Moon avenue.
1960 12-19
FOR RENT 2 furnished rooms for
lifcht housekeeping, opposite con
vent. Phone Black 573 for informa
tion. 1956-12-18
FOR RENT: TWO HOUSE KEEPING
rooms with screen porch. Rear La
Moore Hotel O. K. street. 2021-12-23
Wanted
WANTED I have a good buy for
some one. For particulars address
Ab, Review office. 2008-12-23
WANTED Partner in good pioposi
tion. For particulars address W, E.
B, Review office. 2007-12-23
WANTED Two or three furnished
housekeeping rooms with improve
ments and the use of bath by a
couple and a small child. Address
Arthur Levi, Lowell.
1951-12-18
WANTED An experienced woman
cook wishes work through holidays.
Mrs. Goodrich, Warner hotel.
2016-12-18
! WANTED Two or -!
nished housekeeping
three
rooms
fur-
with
improvements and the use of both
by a couple and a small child. Ad
dress Arthur Levi, Lowell.
1951-12-17
WANTED-A six or seven-room housa
furnished, close in. Address Box
1815. 1905-12-19
WANTED Twenty men to board and
room. Block house, under new man
agement, near Jiggerville bridge.
1879-1-4
WANTED Twenty men to board and
room. Block ' House. Jiggerville
bridge. Under new management.
. 1879-1-4
WANTED Furnished hquse in War
ren by yonng couple; steady and
best of references. Phone 220, box
524, Warren. 1929-12-20
WANTED Clean soit rags;
good
price. Bisbee Daily Review.
1955-12-21
WANTED Ford touring car. 17. 18
or 19 model for cash. P. O. Box
1908. Bisbee. 1961-12-18
i WANTED Girl or woman to do house
work. 108 Mason Hill. Chas. Cal
vard. , . , 1962-12-21
, WANTED To buy Small Shetland
pony. Box 1312, Bisbee. 2004-12 21
Found
; FOUND A ring, owner may have
same by proving property and pay-
ing for this ad.
Phone 97.
2"05-l 2-18
LOST Two ruK.s; return to 57 C). K.
street; reward.
2014-12-19
WE BUY AUTOMOBILES TvrccKed or I
tunning; also juuk of all kind. Bit- '
bee Junk and Auto Wrecking Co.. j
Johnuou add. Tel. 51. 10'Jl-O19lt I
Miscellaneous
MATERNITY HOME. Mason Hill
consult your physician and call 573
Balck for terms, etc. 2006-12-31
THE FAMOUS SPENCERS SURGI
cal Suuport A representative of the
famous Spencer Surgical and Ab
dominal supports for hernia, rup
ure, floating kidney and ptosis for
men or women; also the spencer
dress corset; all supports ana cor
sets fitted by Mrs. D. Marion Knox,
representative, Grand View Apart
ments, Bisbee. Telephone 778.
1893-12-19
CLOTHES
works.
BOUGHT.
CITY DYE
1681-12-26
FOR SALE -aorse power, 60 eye'e.
120 volt induction motor. Bis-e
gaily Review. 209-8-24-ttt
LEE WOMBLES, the small job con
tractor. Brick, stone, cement and
carpenter work. Phone oreen 822.
Box 387, Bisbee. 1569-12-18
F. E. HANCOCK; Signs; Phone 610.
Johnson addition. 1667-12-19
GOSSARD corset now sold at Norris
Millinery Shop. Price $2.50 up; all
corsets fitted by Inez Warburton.
1876-12-20
LEARN .actual, auto repair, vulcanlz-
Ing. Los Angeles Y. M. C. A. Auto
School. 11-tf
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS
Sealed proposals will be received un
til. 2 p. m. January 19, 1920, at the of
fice of the Board of Supervisors of Co
chise County, Tombstone, Arizona, for
the construction of Section "D" of the
Benson-Vail Highway, extending from
the west line of Cochise County east
ward approximately four miles.
The work consists of approximately
13,000 cubic yards of excavation and
incidental drainage, structures. Pro
posals shall be addressed to Thomas
Maddock, state engineer, care Board
of Supervisors Tombstone, Arizona.
Plans and Specifications may be
seen at the office of the State Engi
neer Phoenix, Arizona, or at the of
fice of the Board of Supervisors,
Tombstone, Arizona.
Copies of Plans and Specifications
may be obtained on payment of $5. An
unendorsed certified . check for five
ner cent 0f the total amount of the
bid, payable to the State Treasurer of
s Arizona will be required with all pro
posals. ,
Satisfactory bonds will be required
of the Contractor to whom award is
made. The right is reserved to reject
any or all bids. All proposals shall be
made on blanks furnished for that pur
pose. THOS. MADDOCK.
State Engineer.
Phoenix. Arizona, December 13, 1919.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona, November 28, 1919.
NOTICE is hereby given that Sam
uel L. Jovanovich, of Bisbee, Arizona,
who, on April 17, 1913, made Desert
Land Entry, No. 022090, for SW'M
NW4, Section 27, Township 22-S.,
Range 26-E., G. & S. R. B. & Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
Purchase Proof, act 3-4-15, to estab
lish claim to the land above described,
before Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 14th
day of January, 1920.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Harry A. Ohmer, of Bisbee, Ari
zona; William F. Koch, of Lowell,
Arizona, Lee Jovanovich, of Bisbee,
Arizona, William G. Miller, of Doug
las, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication Dec. 11, 1!19.
U. S. LAND OFFiCE
I Phoenix, Oct. !. 1919.
Survey No. 3555.
Serial No. 042965.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
PATENT.
Notice is nereny given that in pur
suance of the United States Minmg
Laws, Mrs. Ann Hughes, whose post
office address is Bisbee. Arizona, has
made application for patent for 149i.
lin.mr feet of the Black Hawk No. j
lode, 1495 linear feet of the BlacK
Hawk No. 2 lode, 1495 linear feet oi
the BlKCk Hawk No. 3 lode, 1495 lin
ear feet of the Black Hawk No.
lode, and 1500 linear feet of the Black
Hawk No. 5 lode, situated in trie
Warren Mining District. Cochise
County. State of Arizona, as described
by the official plat herewith posted,
and by the field notes on file in tne
office of the Register of the Phcenrx
Land District, State of Arizona, ab
follows, viz:
Black Hawk No. 1:
Beginning for a description of tn
Black Hawk No. 1 lode, at corner No.
1, when the 1-4 Cor. between See.
2S-2 i T. 23 8 . II. 25 E., G. & S. ft. B. w
M. bra. S. O. ' 35' E.. 1560.7 ft.;
thence N. 62' 17' W. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2: thence N. 2X" 55' W. 1495.8 ft.
to Cor. No. 1, the place of beginning-
Resinning for a description of trie
Black Howk No. 2 lode, at Cor. Nu.
I. whence the 1-4 Cor. between Sees
21 2S T.. 33 S.. R. 2f. E U. & S. R. Ti
M.. bra. No. 20" 11' E. 21S.6 rt..
t lionet S. 2" 17 E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; ihenc S. 2S' 55' W. 1495 ft.
to Cor. No, 3; thence N. 62 17' VV.
fiOU fi. to Cor No. 4; I hence N. 28
f.o E. 1 4!:s ft. i.. Cor. No. 1. the ulace
or l.epitmtii. i S. M. M. No. 1725. Warren Minii.ui
lU'tlnninif for ii iln.sct ipllou or itioi District, be.na N. 2 0'J': W. 9S43.Sj
IHiU-k Uv,U No :: d nt Cor No-jfeel; I hence S. 7.V 17' E. 1500.0 root
l. w hence the i or. between Scrs.
21-2S T.. 23 S.. 11. 25 E.. G & S. R. B
& M., bib. N. 43" 1C W. t)05 It.;
thence S. 62 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 28 65' W. 1495 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62" 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 28 55'
E. 1435 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place of
beginning. I
Beginning for a description of tae
Black Hawk No. 4 lodge, at Cor. No.
1,- whence the Cor. between Sees
21-28 T., 23 S., R. 25 E., G. & 3. R. B.
& M.. bra. N. 52 17' W. 1247.6 ft.;
thence S. 62 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence N. 28 55' W. 1495.8 rt.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. C2 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N 25"
55' E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place
of beginning.
Beginning for a description of the
Black Hawk No. 5 lode, at Cor. No. 1,
whence the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
21-28, T. 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B.
& M., brs. N. 20 11' E. 213.6 ft.;
thence N. 28 65' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 62 17' E. 1500 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence S. 28 55' 600 rt.
to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 62 17' W.
1500 ft. to Cfr. No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing 103.019 acres, and forming
a portion of sections 21 and 28, fn
township 23 Sott'.h. range 25 East, or
Gila and Salt River Base and Meri
dian in Arizona.
The location notices of these mines
are recorded in the office of tne
County Recorder of Cochise County,
Arizona, in Eook 52, page 163, Book
59, page 457, Book 52, page 165, EooH
59, page 458, and Book 53, page 4r0,
respectively, of Record of Mines.
Adjoining claimants are on tne
South and West Old Beck, Happy
Find and Charlotte, all unsurveyed.
and owned by J. Muhelm.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely any portion of said mines or
surface ground, are required to me
their adverse claims with the Rssrs
ter of the United States Land Office
at Phoenix, In the State of Arizona.
during the sixty days period of publl
cation hereof, or they will be barred
by virtue of the provisions of the
statute.
I. L. IRVIN,
Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interion
U. ,S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ari
zona, November 2S, 1919.
NOTICE is hereby given that
Charles Leslie Wilcox, of Hereford
Arizona, who, on January 5, 1915
made Homestead Entry, No. 026416
for N. Section 35, Township 23-S..
Range 21-E., G. & S. R. B. & Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
Five Year Proof, to establish claim
to the land above described, before
W. A. Fowler, U. S. Commissioner, at
Tombstone, Arizona, on the 14th day
of January, 1920.
-Claimant names as witnesses:
George Joseph McCabe, Milton
Clark, Joseph Hammer, Edward Wil
cox, all of Hereford, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
First publication Dec. 11, 1919.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3551.
Serial No. 043122.
UNITED STATES LAND OFFICE,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, Oct. 9, 1919.
Notice is hereby given: That Alma
C'ason, whose postoffice address fs
Bisbee, Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situate m
the Warren Mining District, Cochise
County, Arizona, in Sections 7, 8, 17
and 18, unapproved T. 23 S., R. 24 E.
G & S R. B & M described as foi
lows, to-wit:
"CALVERT" Beginning- at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; 'whence TJ.
S. M. M. No. 1725. Warren Minmg
District, bears N. 20 10' W. 9074.0
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 652.60 teei
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 37 53'
W. 1500.0 feet to Coiner No. 3; thence
N. 75 17' W. 652.60 . feet to Corner
No. 4; thence N. 37 53' E. 150f.O
fteet to Corner No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing a net area of
17.795 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Survey No. 2133,
Morning Star lode, of 1.150 acres, and
with Bisbee Tovnrlte Survey of 1.TI5
acres.
"LAURA" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence U.
S. M. M. No. 1725. Warren Mining
District, bears N. 3" 49' W. 930o.b
feet; thence S. 75' 17' E. 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 24' 25' W.
606.10 feet to Corner No. 3; thence
N. 75 17' W. 1500.0 fet to Comer
No. 4; thence N. 24 25' E.
feet to Corner No. 1, theplace of be
ginning, containing a net area o:
18.153 acres, expressly excluding sire.-.
in conflict with Survey No. 1834.
Cockney Hill lode, of 2 420 acres.
"MORNING STAR NO 3" Llegm
ning at Corner No. 1. the N. W. Cor
ner; whence U. S. TtL M. No. 17?5
Warren Mining District, bears N. 12
05' W. 9SS5.2 fret; taence b. ls- II
E. 1500.0 feet to Coi ner No. 2; thence
S 24 25' W. C0C.10 feet to Comer
No. 3; tluno N. 75" 17' W. 1500.0
is-ei to corner No. 4; thence N. 24
Z'i' E. rtiiH 10 feet to Corner No. 1. tne
place of beginning, containing a ne
aiva .f 19.882 -.icrcs. expressly fx-
cin.ltni; are; In conflict with Survey
No. ISot. CocKuoy Hill uiue, oi u.n-i
nc'rM. ii nd with Survey No. 3165.';
MonliliKlii l-'ilo. of 0 0r:2 ncrt-a. j
"A LDlN'tJA" Beginning al Cornc
No 1. thy N W. Cortit'r
whence V. ,
to Corner ; No. J; iiif tice n
600.0 foot to Corner No. 3;'' thence N
73" 17' VV. 1500.0 feci, to Corner No.
4; thence N. 23' 11' E. 600.0 feet to
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 20.436 acres.
"ALMETTE" Beginning at Corner,
No. l. the N. W. Corner; whence TJ. I
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Minmg
District, bears N. 10 06' W. 10378.8
feet; thence S. 75' 17' E. 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 23 11' Tv.
600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence N.
75" 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner Na
4; thence N. 23 11' E. 600.0 feet to
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 17.614 acres,
expressly excluding area in confirct
with Survey No. 3162, Silica lode e
0. 676 acres, and Survey No. 3166,
Moonlight lode of 2.146 acres.
"ANITA" Beginning at Corner No.
1, the S. E. Corner; whence the N:
Corner of Section 30, T. 23 S., R. 24
E., O. & S. R. B. & M. bears S. 68 48'
30" W. 10309.5 feet; thence N. 75
17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2;
thence N. 26 40' E. 613.0 feet to Cor
ner No. 3; thence S. 75' 17' E. 1500.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence S. 25
40' 'w. 613.0 feet to Corner Nc. 1,
the place of beginning, containing a
net area of 20.226 acres, expressry
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 3162, Calcutta lode of 0.423
acres.
"WILLUNGA" Beginning at Cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. Corner; whence
the N. E. Corner of Section 30, T. 23
S., R. 24 E.. G. & S. R. B. & M. bears
S. 4 34' W. 9764.5 feet; thence N.
75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No
2; thence N. 31 55' E. 628.0 feet to
Corner No. 3: thence S. 75 17' R
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 4; thence S.
31 55' W. 628.0 feet to Corner No.
1, the place of beginning, containing
a net area of 18.975 acres, expressry
excluding area in conflict, with Sur
vey No. 1881, North Star No. 2 lode
of 1.6S3 acres.
"ADELAIDE1 Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the S. E. Corner; whence tne
N. E. Corner of Section 30, T. 23 S.,
R. 24 E, G. & 3. R. B. & M. bears b.
3 02' W. 8770.2 feet; thence N. 75"
17' W. 300.0 feet to Corner No. 2,
thence N. 0" 06' W. 978.20 feet to
Corner No. 3; thence N. 17 44' E.
77.30 feet to Corner No. 4; thence b.
75" 17' E. COO.O feet to Corner No. 5;
thence S. 17' 44' W. 1024.30 feet to
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 7.652 acres
expressly excluding area in confliot
with Survey No. 3162, Worcheste.
lode of 0.120 acres, Survey No. 3102
. Kite lode of 1.725 acres, and with
Surve7 No. 3162, Buck lode, of 1.335
i:cres.
The location notices of these clarms
nre recorded In the office of the
bounty Recorder, Cochise County
Arizona, as follows:
Almette, recorded In Bcok 59, Rec
ord of Mines, page 409.
Aldinga, recorded in Book 69, Rec
ord of Mines, page 40S.
Willunga, recorded in Book 59, Rec
ord of Mines, page 412.
iura, recorded in Book C9, Record
of Mines, page 411.
Morning siar No. 3. recorded rn
Dook 59, Record of Mines, page 413.
Adelaide, recorded in Book 32, Rec
ord or Mines page 813.
Ani'a, recorded in Book 59, Record
f Mines, page 407.
Calvert, recorded in Book 59, Rec
ord of Mines, page 410.
Th n unes of the adjoining claims
to this survey are: On the Nortn,
Survey No. 1834. Cockney Hill loae,
and Survey No. 2133, Morning Star
lode; on the East, Bisbee townslte.
Survey No. 2674, Morning Star No. 2
lode, Survey No. 2133, Morning Stat
lode, Survey No. 1670, Contention
lode, Survey No. 3166, Moonlight loae.
and Survey Nc. 31 C2, Buck, Kite
Worchester.Calcutta and Silica lodes;
on the South, Survey No. 3162, Silica
lode, and Survey No. 1881. North Stat
No. 2 lode; on the West, Survey No
IS81 North Star No. 3, North Star No
I and North Star No. 2 lodes, and
Survey No. 1S34, Cockney Hill and
Shoemakers Last Chance lodes.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES
OF
SECURITY
Meets on the first and third Mon
day of each month at Odd Fellows'
hail at 7:30 p. m. Visiting members
cordially invited.
R. F. HANCOCK, President,
Box 134S, Bisbee.
WINNIE.' JOWLES, Secretary,
Box 1054, Bisbee
F. J. ATT AWAY, Financier,
Bok 3171, Lowell
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and 4th Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
ELSIE CALEY, M. E. C.
Fhone 804.
LILLIE VINSON, M. O. R. C.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANIC
I 9j
Mfceta In I. O. O. F
Hall IHrtit it' (1 Thtr
Saturdays V I a 1 1 h
hrotir.r wlco"o
' J. W. CORCORAN. Councillor.
j ( woODMAN. Jr.. Rec. Secy
PHATERNAL
ORDEH OF CAGLES
HtHbo? Aeie
No. 175. K O
E., uiw ts 1st
end 3d Tuna
days. S p. m..
Eagles' Hull
Visiters cor
(1 1 a 1 ) r
come,
EDWIN OLLERENbllAW, Frn
V. C. FENDERSON, SecreUrj.
I". I. h'DMUNDSON. Aorln PtiTetr'aw
Read the Dully Review Want Ada.
Lodge Notices
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10, I. O. O. F.
meets every
A . r n ur s u ay
evening at Odd
Fellows . Hall,
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hall phone 119. Chas. Pooley, N. G.
G. A. PLUNKETT, Secretary.
BUOTH ERHOOD OP AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard l.; Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesdays at old
Pythian Castle. Visiting Archers are
cordially invited. '
AT.PTT Ifinn Pnrpman I
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent.
Box 1496. Phone Red 384.
DECEMBER 6, 1919
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
THOMAS HARGIS, VV. M
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y F. A. !W
W. R. BANKS, E. II. P.
N. C. 2LEDSOE, T. I. M.
J. L. POWELL. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Cteay
ter and Commander.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
' WlfM 1 Bisbee Lodge No
A iffiW- M 452, meets the id
days each monts
t 7:30 at Neil
HalL Visiting members cordially Id
vlted.
CATHERINE F1NOTTI President.
Box 722
EFFIE M. JONES, Treasurer.
Box 1021.
IIONORA MUNCH, Secretay,
Box 1621
9IS9FE LODGE NO. 718.
I- O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
night. Moose Hill
Visiting brothers cor
dally Invited.
I. A. ROSOK,
Dictator
.WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
i. o well Camp No. 46 will meet everj
cond and fourth Tuesday at 7:J
in., Finnish hall.
it A. WOOD, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clers
Phono $Js
All Woodmen tnvlfed
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. 10
Knights of Pythias,
v rLflets each Tuesday
ji-vy (except second) In Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:3C
p. m. Visiting brothers
ccrOally invited.
7t
II. H. WARBURTON. C. C.
W. E. McCAlXUM. K. of R. 8
MPROVED ORDER
RED MEN
First and Third
sday of each
month a' Medigovlcu
THOS. HASTIE.
Of3E OF EASTEPN STAR
ajeer.M In Masonic Hmi
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, mwi.
in Masonic Hall second anC
fourth Tuesday of escr
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. HELENA RAG SD ALE, W. M.,
Phone 600
vtRS. JESSIE SEVAN. Sec'y, P. O
Box Chairman Relief Com.
Phone 471.
UNITED STATES Or AMERICA
DREADNAUGHT
L. O. U NO. 21&.
meets in I. O
JJ tT. O. S Ha.ll 2nr,
and 4th- Wed
nesday at 7:30
p. m.
Visiting UroiL
ers cordiail)
iaiw invnea to si
tend.
"M T. .SMITH A.N, W. M.
RORUHT KKRGL'S. Secio
P. O. Rox '26. Bis
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting rim and third Fti
lay r each mouth Visiting brother
cordially Invited to attend.
1 E. B. MATHEWS. Exalted Ruler
C. XV. HICKS. Secretary.
OVA . of
Meets
m.:rjrr! lThur
(MS
V
Copper Qaeen Hotel and High-Class Cafe
Tho heat of everything at reasonable a hi carte prices.
A Special 75c luiu-heon dailv. Also $1.25 dinner from
5 :30 1 7:20 p. m. Regular Board hy the month $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
L. J. OVERLOCK, Bicker
Correspondents: Pslne, Weber A Cc., Boston, Dululh. C!um.
LOGAN &. BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
D. C. BROWN, M. D.
Eye, Ear, Nose, Throat and the
fitting of glasses. Office phone
380. House ' phone, Green, 788
SIGNS
OF ALL KINDS
F. J. KEOGH CO.
Lowell
Phone 26$
CAFE MARNE
CHLENTZOS BROS.
12 Main Street BISBEE
EXCELLENT CUISINE
. ITALIAN-FRENCH
RESTAURANT -
Regular Meals 50c
Specials from 6 to 8 75c
Brewery Gulch
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER & STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence Phohe B04
i
Lowell Wood & Coal Co.
Phone 630
COAL WOODHAY
GRAIN
Now Is the Time to
Order Your Fuel
Your health, comfort and appearance
depends upon your teeth.
They should be attended to now. DR.
J. F. TEUFERT, Maze Bldg. Modern,
Painless Methods.
Border Stage Line
BISBEE NOGALES
Leaves Bisbee 1 P. M.
Leaves Nogales i P.M.
Via Tombstone, Ft Huachuca
and Patagonia.
Collins & Bretherton
Insurance, All Kinds.
Real Estate, All Kinds.
Homes furnished or Unfurnished
For Sale and RenL
Employer's Liability
L. T. FRAZIER, Mgr.
Phone 26 Box 2210
DR. PLAYFAIR
Outeogath
98 Mason Hill Mason Hill Car etc.
DR. R. GLAZE
Specialist, Eye Nerve Glasses
ARTIFICIAL EYES
Opposite Baptist Church, Main Street
Phone 156 Bisbee, Ariz.
Painting and Papa: Hanging
All My Work Is Guaranteed
Satisfactory.
Let Me Give an Estimate On
Your Work. Phone 728
J. JANCICH, P. O. Box 833
Phone 667 Res. Red. 867
JOHN P. STEFFES
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
Reinforced Concrete and Brick
Roofing, Jobbing CEMENT WORK
C. H. HOG AN
PHONE 121
Fire Insurance
Auto Insurance
Real E&tate
Legal Blanks
Office below1
Ccpper Queen Hotel
C. H. HOGAN
. 'PHONE 121 i
page
iTHE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW,
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 191 9
Tips of the Town
RED CROSS TO MEET
The local Red Cross chapter will
have a meeting Wednesday at 10:30
o'clock in the Y. M. C. A. building to
take up matters connected with the
Red Cross Christmas seal campaign
here.
CHORAL CLUB PRACTICE
Tonight the Treble Clef club holds
Its regular practice in the Y. W. C. A.
building.
PHOENIX MAN HERE
Charles lie Arthur of Phoenix was
a business visitor. here yesterday.
GOES TO EL PASO
C. T. Knapp, attorney for the
Calumet and Arizona company, lett
last night on a business trip to EI
Taso.
LUNCHEON CLUB 'MEETS
Tomorrow the Warren District
Luncheon club will meet In the Com
mercial club room. J. J. Dugal, dele
gate from this district to the Tnltea
Americans convention in Phoenix
recently, will submit his report of the
meeting to the club.
INSURANCE MAN HERE
Mr. Coons, of the Mutual Life In
surance company, was in Bisbee a
short time yesterday.
GOES TO COAST
R. A. Ziesemer of the firm ot
Smith and Ziesemer, assayers, ill
leave this week for California where
he will spend the holidays.
TO INSPECT WORK
County Engineer Sidney Smith was
in this city yesterday afternoon. Ho
left for the northern part of the coun
ty where he will inspect certain
county work there.
LADIES AID SESSION
The Christian Ladies Aid Soei?tj
will hold a meeting tomorrow afternoon.
SHOPS IN BISBEE
Mrs. F. L. Fike was here from Xaco
yesterday on a shipping trip.
VISITS IN OAKLAND
Mrs. James Krigbaum has return
ed from a three months visit with
relatives in Oakland, Calif.
BROWN-BARNETT
Miss Sidney Barnett and Charles
F. Brown were married by Rev. C. W.
Harshman at the Methodist parson
age, Monday night. Mr. and Mrs.
Brown will continue to live in Pis
EL PASO MAN HERE
C. Brown and H. Modges were busi
ness visitors here yesterday from El
Paso.
RETURNS TO HUACHUCAS
George Hand, cattleman of the
Huachucas, returned to his ranch yes
terday after a business visit of sev
eral days in Bisbee.
CATTLE INSPECTOR HERE
Porter McDonald, cattle inspector
of Tombstone;-was here yesterday on
official business.
MRS. BUTON ILL
Mrs. Johanna Buton is confined to
her home with a, slight cold.
COME FROM HILLS
.Mr. and Mrs. W. E. McKeehan
were visitors from Leslie Canydn
yesterday. . v
MOTHERS MEET TODAY
This afternoon at 2 o'clock the
Mothers' club bold:: u regular meet
ing in the Y.M.C.A. building. Mrs.
Richard Thomas will address the
mothers.
PLAN FOR CHRISTMAS
Plans for Christmas decorations
will be discussed by the Adult Bible
class of the Christian church at a
meeting, to be held in the church to
morrow night at 7 o'clock.
SOLDIER MARRIES
Miss Mildred Buckett, of Bisbee,
and A. F. Eller, Douglas, were mar
ried In Tombstone Friday afternoon
Mr. Eller is still in the army but will
receive his discharge soon after tn
first of the i year, until which time
Mrs. Eller will remain with her family
in this city.
CANANEA MAN HERE
Claude Riley was a business vis
itor here yesterday from Cananea.
RECOVERS HEALTH
Mrs. J. Snodgrass, who has been
seriously ill. Is reported Improving
rapidly.
GOES TO HOSPITAL
Estelan Garcia is at the Copper
Queen hospital suffering with a
severe cold.
VISIT CITY .
Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Gardner of
Tombstone were visitors in Bisbeo
yesterday.
AT BISBEE HOTELS
Arrivals at the Copper" Queen hotel
yesterday were: Roy Hiatt, Doug
las; E. G. Abraham, Milton C. Ryer,
.Denver; James Jenkins, Jr., New
York; Tom McKenzie, Waldo Cole,
El Paso; Norris Montgomery, R. E.
Moon, H. C. Parsons, Phoenix; Mrs.
II. C. Plummer, Mrs. H. J. Sieg. Mr.
and Mrs. T. Evans, B. E. Conard, A.
H. Shield, A G. Purchos, Cananea; L.
Edelson, Chicago; J. S. Palmerlee,
Hereford.
CANANEANS HERE
J C. II. Edmundson with his family
visited friends here yesterday from
their home in Cananea.
VISITS OLD HOME
Wallace McKeehan, formerly of th
safety first department of the Copper
Queen and now living in Swtashelms,
was a visitor yesterday in Pisbee.
COAL ARRIVES
The three carloads . of Cerrlllaa
coal, consigned to the Warren com
pany from Waldo, N.. M., some time
ago, have been released and reached
Warren yesterday. The shipment was
held up by the railroad administra
tion several weeks ago when the coal
shortage caused by the miners' strike
threatened to cripple the nation's
transportation system. These three
carloads of coal will fully meet the
requirements of the district.
RESCUES WOMAN
Word has been received here of the
commendation given Frank M. John
son, chief boatswain's mate, U. S.
Naval Reserve, by the navy depart
ment for his part in rescuing three
persons from drowning recently at
Redondo Beach, California. Chief
Johnson swam with a line to a maTf
and two women caught in the under
tow and clinging to a pipe-line pile.
Johnson at one time lived in Bisbee.
His wife, Vera Johnson, is living in
El Paso. ,
FRANK LITTLEJOHN DIES
FTank W. Littlejohn, 62, a miner,
who has been ill at the Copper Queen
hospital for three and s half months,
died yesterday morning at six o'clock.
He is survived by a wife, a sister,
Mrs. C. L. Chapman, a nephew, J. N.
Chapman, who Is office manager of
the Copper Queen general offices
here, a brother, M. J. Littlejohn or
Lewiston, Montana, and a newphew,
A. B. Chapman of Gieat Falls, Mont
ana. Funeral of the deceased will be
held tomorrow afternoon at 3:30
o'clock under the auspices of the
Masonic lodge.
SHERIFFS Ft
T
TO FIND
RE
OF GHET ION
Not the slightest vestige of a clue
to the whereabouts of Chet Moon, con
victed of . the robbery of the John
Treu safe in this city, has been en
countered since Moon escaped from
the county jail in Tombstone last Fri
day night, according to Deputy Sheriff
Harry Rafferty. who was here from
Tombstone yesterday.
From the moment Moon passed out
of the jail door neither "hide nor
hair" has been seen of him, says Raf
ferty. Opinion is divided as to
whether Moon may have escaped into
Mexico. The fact that he speaks
Spanish, knowB all the border coun
try thoroughly and had a Mexican
with him when he escaped, inclines
many to the theory. Others argue
that some trace would have been dis
covered of Moon if he had gotten that
far, and state, a belief that he is in
hiding somewhere in the vicinity of
Tombstone. '
No Job of printing too email, none
too large. If you want it done right
Phone 39. Review.
Business Locals
Eugene Stevens, electrical, coutrac
tor, is carrying a neat stock of elec
tric fixtures and heating applances for
Xmas. Phone 523 Upper Main St.
Open from 10 a. in. till 9 p.m.
1966-12-17tf
TURKEL SHOOT
All day Sunday, December 21, War
ren Hazzard street, back of car barn,
Warren. 2012 12 21
ATTENTION KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
Regular meeting of Commandry
Thursday, December 18, 7:30 p. m.
Election and installation of officers
and inspection by Deputy Grand Em-
minent Commander.
JAS. L. POWELL,
IH.-12-18 Emminent Commander.
ATTENTION 1 KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
Regular meeting of Commandry
Thursday, December 18, 7:30 p. m.
Election and installation of officers
and inspection by Deputy Grand En-
minent Commander.
JAS. L. POWELL,
D-H.-12-18 Emminent Commander.
See our line of Whitman's candles
In beautiful Xmaa fancy containers at
the Bisbee Smoke House. Adv.
DAILY OIL NOTES
WICHITA FALLS Data has been
compiled here showing that nearly
J10.000.000 in dividends has been paid
out by companies operating in the
Burkburnett field to date. The Fisher
Whaley near the Red river is nearing
the oil sand and is expected to be a
large well. Much is believed to de
pend upon this completion ,as geolo
gists are contending that it lies in the
center of a pool.
MJIXIA Night and day crews are
being employed on a deep test for gas
near here being drilled by John A.
Sheppard and associates of Muskogee,
Oklahoma. It Is planned to go to 4000
feet if necessary and this is to be the
first deep test in the local field.
pectation of finding oi at deeper level.
The showing was drilled into at 2G41
feet.
EASTLAND Ray Jenkins has filed
suit for $3,000,000 or a division of 184
acres of holdings and $;S00,00, part
production against the Skelly-Sankey
Oil company. Judge E. A. Hill of SSth
district court has appointed Tom Har
re!l receiver, and placed him under
$300,000 bond. Jenkins alleges that he,
with V. P. Lieuelk-n, W. G. Skelly and
John Sunkey purchased thfse holdings
which are now. worth $10,000,000 and
that the- deeds were made to Skelly
Sanky Oil company and that he was
hit out of the deal.
SHREVEPORT Considerable gas
is showing in the Gladys-Bell Oil com
pany's well in section 22-20-2, near the
Dubach, Union Parish .according to of
ficials of the company and arrange
ments are being made for a test. If
sufficient gas is developed to warrant
it, the well will be held as a gasser.
If not, drilling will be resumed in ex-
Fire Whistle Takes
Queer Freak After
High School Burns
It sounded like Armistice Day, 191S,
in Paris to some of the folks and to
others who were not there on that
day of victory, last night in Bisbee
might have reminded them of any
thing from a New Year's Day celebra
tion in New Orleans or San Francisco
to a nightmare. .
It was that whistle. The same
whistle that awakened the folks ear
ly Tuesday morning to see the fire
in the High school- But last night
it broke loose and blew loud and
long. At 10:55 the firemen playing
the hose on the still smoldering ruins
of the High school put in an alarm
for an extra length of hose, having
broken a length during theN evening.
As soon as the alarm registered it
released the air through the whistle
and "it hung," as the firemen say.
Yes, "it hung" for 25 minutes and
everytown in town hung their heads
out of the window to see what else in
Bisbee might have caught fire.
At 11:20 one of the firemen cut off
the air supply and Bisbee sighed in
relief and went back to bed.
The Invincible Oil company an
nounced today it expects to bring in
five wells during the Christmas holi
days. They are located in the Steph
ens county and Ranger fields. The
company has secured trackage north
of Ranger for storage and warehouses
and is building a switch to the property.
NEWS NOTES OF
TOMBSTONE
as
The muscal flame has burst out
anew in Tombstone and this camp
now boasts of one orchestra which
handles the ."classical stuff" and one
jazz orhestra as well as a brass band
of nearly twenty pieces.
Sixty or more cars .of lead, silver
and gold ore goes out of the district
every month, and the indications are
that this will be increased after the
first of the year to some consider-.
able extent.
The ladies of Tombstone held a ba
zaar last Saturday, the proceeds of
which went to the benefit of the Ari
zona Ohphans' home at Tucson. The
bazaar opened at 11:30 a. m., and at
3:30 p. m., they had sold out and
about $300 wa8 the "clean. up."
The usual monthly dance will be
. held at the Schieffelin hall on Friday,
(December 19th, a large crowd has
: promised to come over from Bisbee.
K. of C. DANCE
Thursday, December 18, 8:30 P. M.
at K. ofC. Hall
GENTS, $1.00 LADIES FREE
Reports reaching Fort Worth early
in the week to the effoct that the
Western Exploration Company in
southeast Stephens county had a well
good for 000 barrels are now declared
to all stockholders of record Dec.
is said to be standing -000 feel In oil.
The Fisher-Whaley Oil company's
latest dividend of 12 per cent, payable
to all tockholders of record December
10, comes from the sale of a small
block of acreage held by the company
in Tillman county, Oklahoma. J. E.
Strong, secretary, has intimated that
a further dividend may be declared in
the near future.
Organization of the Red river
County Oil and Refining company,
with a capital stock of $300,000, is an
nounced in news dispatches from Dallas.
Bisbee People Buy
Army Surplus Goods
The sale of the United States army
surplus supplies opened yesterday in
the Philadelphia hotel, O. K. fttreet,
and quantities of food stuffs and dry
goods were sold to the people at cost.
Today the store will be open again
at nine o'clock and will continue
daily until the supply on hand end
the two carloads en route are sold.
LYRIC
THEATRE
Copper Queen to
Play K. C. Team
The Copper Queen Stars soccer
team will attempt a come-back Sun
day when it meets the undefeated
Knights of Columbus in the first
game for a silver cup to be given the
team winning the most games In
five. Competition for this cup is
open to any team. The Copper Queen
team was recently defeated by the
K. C. aggregation. Last Sunday the
newly organized Shattuck Mine team
held the knights to a 2-2 draw.
FRAN CLARK DIES
GLOBE Dec. 16. Frank P. Clark!
passed away in thi3 city this afternoon
at 4 o'clock aRer a lingering illness
of four yearrs. Clark was one of the j
pione.ers of the southwest and was I
one of th efirst collectors of the port i
of El Paso. F. P. Clark and Icilda '
Slade were the first white couple mar- j
ried in El Paso, the ceremony being !
performed on February 20. 187S. i
RAND
THEATRE
Graziani Castillo
GRAND ITALIAN
OPERA COMPANY
5 Days 5
Dec. 17, 18, 19, 20, 21
Trovatore
Cavaleria Rusticana
Pailiaci
Aida
Faust
Bal'o De Masquera
Prices 55c, 83c, $1.10, $1.65
War Taxes Included
Sale of Tickets at Lyric Theatre,
Beginning Dec. 16.
We don't
later than
hold Reserve
6:30 o'clock of
cf the show.
Ticksts
the day
irirMiv,Tmrnrr,j,r '? i
I
ELECTRIC CLOTHES WASHER
WASHES THE SHEEREST FABRICS
TO THE GREASIEST CLOTHES. ALL
WASHED WITH THE WONDERFUL
BLUEBIRD WASHER. EASY PAYMENTS.
1 to 11
-TODAY 1 to 11
With
Roy Stewart
In
The Learnin' of
Jim Benton
The Learnin' of Jim Ben
ton is a story of a Cattle
King who sentenced to
die for killing in self de
fense. The, most unusual rom
ance. A Triangle masterpiece
of life in the cow country
Our Serial ,-,
THE LIBERATOR
Episode No. 3.
And the Comedy
FATTY'S NAUGHTY
NEPHEWS
Special
Look Before You Buy
COME TO THE HOLE IN THE WALL
Lucky Strike Cigarettes Xmas Pkg $1.75 Carton
Tuxedo Tobacco Glass Humidors $1.45 per 1L.
Tuxedo Tobacco Tin Humidors ..1.35. ;or
Tuxedo Tobacco Tin Humidors T, ,o; l ;b.
CIGARS'DIRECT FROM MANILA Come and
see the original packing. $4.00 hundred. "One box lo si eusioiwr."
None to dealers. Also Domestic Cigars at coiie.-ifiomlin prices.
CANDIES The best in Bisbee, at prices that will surprise you.
Package Candy in regular .OCc and 10c sizes at $.0fc.
MAGAZINES, PERIODICALS and XMAS CAIiDS.
A PRESENT FOR EACH CHILD.
ORPHEUM fclGAR & NEWS STAND.
Grand Theater.
J
Central
THEATRE
TONIGHT 6 TO 11
The Famous Japanese
Star
SESSUE
HAYAKAWA
m
"His Debt"
A Robertson-Cole
Special
O. Henry's Famous
Story
"The Day'
Outing Chester
Strand Comedy
"Betty's Love
Affair"
EAGLE
THEATRE
TODAY 1 TO 11
Frank Keenan
The great character actor
in
a remarkable dual role
"BROTHERS
DIVIDED
I
a virile drama of Amer
ican homes
Gaumont's
Express Graphic
Lyon and Moran
in
"Wise Wives"
Compounded
Is Paid
by this bank on Saying
which are secured againBt loss
by. our Capital and Surplus
To invest your money in
schemes promising high inter
est rates Is to wake up some
morning and find your money
gone!
Be Bafe by depoaiting -with
CITIZENS BAM & TRUST CO.
BISBEE, ARIZONA
Candy For Everybody
We are now ready to announce to the public that we
can supply it with the best BOX CANDIES "
We have just received one of the largest shipments of
BOX CANDIES
that has ever been received in the district in one single
shipment. Complete line of the following
Popular Candies:
WHITMAN'S C. C. BROWN
CROMBIE
CORCORAN'S WATKIN'S
A large and complete stock of excellent brands cf
Cigars in Xmas packages of twenty-five or more.
Cigarettes in Xmas packages to any number
Our line of Pipes, Cigar and Cigarette Holders cannot
be excelled. We invite your inspection. Try a box of
THE POPULAR CANDY
Bisbee Smoke House
Main St.
J. C. WHITE, Prop.
P. O. Box 127
Phone 191
; ,
Irs.
Sales
Academy
I TRY THE REVIEW WANT ADS FOR QUICK RESULTS
Dance Tonight
SPOT DANCES
Real Jazz Music.
Gents $1.00
Ladies Free