i
WEATHER
Friday and Saturday
fair; no change In
temperature.
mm
METALS
Lead unchanged; spot
unchanged; spelter
unchanged.-
7 - '
1
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL. 21, NO. 220.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
i
f
SEITORS FIGHT
!!LL TERM IT
AID WILSON KNIGHT ERR
PASSAGE OF THE BILL CE
CBy Review Leased "Wire) i
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23. Passage)
tomcrrow of the administration Dill i outrageous to make these attacks In
for food relief in Europe was pre- j his absence, attacks which reflect in
dined tonight by leading advocates his honor and character."
and opponents after another day of! Claims Bill Market for Packers,
debate which proceeded with only a. Senator Cummins of Iowa, criticiz
few n-cnibers in their seats. Very! ins the bill, asked Democratic Leader
few Fjectes are expected tomorrow j
ara pens t&cen Dy leaaers toaay were designed to make a market, as sena
eaid to have showed only about 20 ; tors have charged, for packers' prod
votes in opposition. - I ucts. Senator Martin replied that the
Senator Cummins t-ights Bill. I appropriation was designed primarily
By-partisan support for the bill was j to alleviate starvation and suffering
further indicate. today. Speakers j "among our friends" In Europe and
favoring passage Include Senator that only incidentally would it make
Hitchcock o Nebraska, democrat, a market for some American products,
chairman of the foreign relations, and ( The fund will be expended. Senator
Set; tors Smoot of Utah and Kellogg ! art in said, by the inter-allied food
of Minnesota, republicans. Principal j council, composed of "eight of the
otponents were Senators Cummins of 'most distinguished men In the world.
Iowa and Sherman of Illinois, repub-J Commits U. S. as Guardian.
Hc2ns. j Senator Cummins declared the bill
Declaring that the proposed appro-' commits the American government to
priation was not for charity. Senator : a policy of internationalism and guar-
Hitchcock urged the senate to aid
President Wilson and hi3 work at the
peace conference by voting the fund.
Its rejection, he declared, would in
volve repudiation of America's repre
sentatives. Hitchcock Sings Hoover's Praises.
Food Administrator Hoover, who
has been severely attacked by op
ponents of the bill, was highly praised
by Senator Hitchcock, and also by
Senator Smoot. The Nebraskan said
attacks on Mr. Hoover were -stabs in
the back," and he joined Senator
Smoot in commending the food admin
istration's work In fixing livestock
and meat prices, declaring tne con
sumers and producers had been, pro
tected. "No man In the United States has
Texas Rangers Murdered
More People Than Outlaws
(By Review Leased Wire)
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 23. Charges
against the Texas Rangers were made
on the floor of the house of represen
tatives today by Representative J. T.
Canales, while defending his measure
to reorganize the state ranger service.
Opposition of the measure compelled
him to Tiring to light alleged outrages
committed in Cameron county. Repre
sentative Canales asserted.
One man arrested by rangers Blx j more innocent people have been mur
months ago has not been seen since, : dered by rangers than by outlaws in
charged the speaker, who also assert-1 that country."
44 HO
UR WEEK
GIVEN STRIKER
(Er Review Leased WJrel
NEW YORK. Jan. 23. Ending of
the three months strike of 55. 000
garment workers, engaged in making
men's and boy's clothing and the
granting of a 44-hour week was an
nounced today at the headquarters of
the Amalgamated Garment Workers
of America.
Meanwhile the strike which began
last Tuesday of 35.000 ladies waist and
dressmakers, who also demand a 44
hour week, was still m progress.
STRIKE FORCES CLOSING
OF PACKING COMPANIES
CBy Review leased, Wlr)
BUENOS AIRES, Jan. 23. As a re
sult of the strike of marine workers
the packing houses have withdrawn
from the cattle market.
s
Council Lays Plans for
Internationaliza tio n of
All Labor and Capital
PARIS, Jan. 23 (By the Associated
Press.) -Great Britain's plan for the
actual working ministry to carry out
the proposed internationalization of
labor was outlined today to the As
sociated Pres3 by George Nicoll
Barnes, minister witnoat portfolio.
whose proposals will be considered
by the peace conference Saturday.
i.nei:y nis prorata ca:.s tor me es-
tablishmert of an International com -
mission made up of the representa-
tives of both labor and capital for i
the settlement of labor problems.
Thi3 commission Is to be responsible
to the lea roe of nations.
Under the Barnes scheme would be
coo Relief f
CAHPA
IGN FUND!
ANTIPRICES
I
iN
rendered greater service than Mr.
Hoover." said Mr. Hitchcock. "It is I
Martin whether the appropriation was
. dianship of European nations, while
Senator Sherman asserted that part
of the money would be used to feed
Russian bolshevists.
League of Nations Not Necessary.
Complete elimination of Germany
as a military factor in the world was
RTA
aavocatea Dy benator cummins, wno'posed by Mr. Swift as class legisla
arguea uai wiin uermany impotent
to attack any nation a league of na
tions would be unnecessary. He said
Germany should be denied an army
or navy and be required to pay in
demnities for the ruin wrought by her
forces on land, on the seas and In
the air.
Sherman Scores Wilson.
Senator Sherman declared the pro-
(Contlnued or. Page Three)
ed that another taken from a jail by
them later was found dead with three
shots In his body. The rangers ex
plained they freed the man and he
committed suicide, Mr. Canales said.
Men were taken from their homes and
shot while dead bodies lay unburied
for days, he charged. j
nepresentauve ueorge a. 'lerreui
said he had been informed "by the
! best citizens of border counties that
QUIET SESSIC
LEGISLATURE
(By Review Leased TTirei
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 23. Beycnd
the passage of two bills by the house
and the introduction of a half dozen
others, nearly all or which are
amendatory of existing statutes, the
legislature in both branches accom
plished nothing in an hour's session
this morning. One of the bills passed
on third reading requires boards of
supervisors to certify to the secretary
of state lists of legislators-elect and
requires the secretary to certify these
lists to the legislature on the day of
Its opening. Hitherto members elect
ed have had to bring certificates of
election from their boards of super
visors. The other bill passed increases in
(Continued on Paae Two)
the appointment by the peace confer
ence of a small commission composed
cf delegates from the great powers.
This commission would convene the
first labor conference, which. In turn,
would become the central Interna
tional commission for the betterment
of labor.
Because of lack of machinery, the
rre8ent peace conference would be
; unaj.ie to e3tablish a perfected com -
misslon although the neace confer -
ence may make certain suggestions
and even bind the powers to them.
For example, such questions as theiay be disnlaved by te trons when
j the march of triumph throueh the
(Cittinud Pa( Tw)
ED'L CONTROL
MEANS H I G R
SAYS
PACKER SV i r I
(Bv Review Leased TV ire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23. Louis F.
Swift, president of Swift & Co., told
the house interstate commerce com
mittee today that the food administra
tion in stabilizing the livestock mar-
ket had accomplished -wonderful f Robert N. French; was the first inti
things both for the producer and the j motion given the Warren district that
consumer" and that it3 control was ' a clean-up era had started. Tate, ae-
jneeded now as much as ever
Psckrrc Lraderl With Meat
This is a critical time and everv-,
hodv i loaded nn irith mMt " airf Mr i
Swift. "We haven't had many ship,
ments. The only possible way to have .
made shipments abroad as we did was
through food administration control."
Decline Means to Lose Heavy I
The witness declared that a decline
of one cent a pound in the pork mar
ket would mean a loss of $2,500,000
to his firm on the great amount of
meat it had prepared for the world
market. He expressed a belief that
with government control continued
prices would be high for some months,
but then probably would decline.
Opposes Gov't Ownership
The bill before the committee to
license packing plants and permit the i
government to take over adjuncts 1
such as stockyards, market newspa-
pers and refrigerator cars, was op-.
tion and certain to.be hurtful to the;
general public by crippling the indus
try. "Government supervision," ,
through full access to the packers ;
books, was advocated by him as aj
"less dangerous" method of- procedure. .
The primary desire of Swift & Co. was
declared to be efficient service in the :
stockyards and readiness was express-
ed to sell the firm's interests in va- i
rious yards if present standards cf
uperaiiuu coma ue maintained.
Let the Gov't Buy Cars
Regarding the federal trade ccmmi3- j
sion'a allegation that packer owner-!
ship of refrigerator cars prevents the j
small packers from competing with !
the big firms, Mr. Swift suggested that
instead of taking the cars away from
the big firms, the government or rail
roads should build 5000 cars and let
the small packers use them. He said
refngerator cars were a losing invest- vestlgatlng German propaganda. Arch- j terms imposed on Germany less oner
ment to his firm, which maintained iha!d Stevenson, of the military inteli-ious. He called tbe committee's atten
them only to assure efncient service. , ?ence fcure3u, paid today that repre-f.ton to a recent editorial in the New
Tne same suggestion was made re-: pentatives cf the belsheviki already fork Staats Zeitunsr, which he said
garding branch nouses. have organized Soviets in the indus-: endoavcred to convey the idea that
y.cr rwr
Charzes of collnsion hv the, fpHpm)
trade commission were denier! l.v Mr
Swift. He said that there were cases
in which his farm had co-operated with
ether packers in the joint ownership
of general facilities, where such facili
ties did not exist or were imperfect,
and that the co-operation in no way
extended to the control of prices or
shipments.
25,000 Swift Stockholders
Mr. Swift said there were 25.000
stockholders in Swift & Co. and that
his fanily did not own a majority
of the stock. The witness said his
salary was $50,000 a year, and that
his four brothers, .all practical meat
packers, drawn from $25,000 to $35,
000 each.
Claims Keen Competition
Keen competition between the five
big packers was declared to exist and
Mr. Swift said this apparently was a
good time for new firms to enter the
(Continued on Page Five)
Famous 27th N. Y.
Guard Division to
Start Homeward
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23. With the
announcement today that virtually the
complete strength of the 27th (New
York national guard) division, had
been assiened for early convoy by
General Pershing, plans beran to take
shape here for an adequate reception
to this first combat division to return.
If it is found practicable to do so.
New York city will be given an op
portunity to see the organization on
parade before it is demobilized.
Secretary Baker reiterated today
h's desire that wherever possible
relther the full streneth or substantial
portions of the returning combat di
visions parade in laree cities? in the
section from which they came.
Mr. Baker expressed a strong wish
that the 42nd (Rainbow) division now
with the American armv on the Rhine
parade in Washington as representa
tive of the entire country and the
whole fishting army.
Anothersuzeestion that Secretarv
P.akfr is considerine has to do with
the eun and other fiMie material
."sed in battle bv the 27th. He may
! '"sk General Persbing to arrange for
the shipment of these trophies cp
trred wit the division so tht thev
1 streets of New York takes place.
COUNTY AND CITY OFFICIALS;! R. EARNINGS
START ANTI-VICE
KNOWN BISBEE
! FURTHER ARRESTS TO F0LL0W1DER 'ADOO
The arrest of "Bill" Tate of Lowell.
last night, by Deputy Sheriff Tom C.
Foster, on a warrant based upon an
information filed in the superior court
at Tombstone by County Attorney
cording to Mr. French, who was inter-
it--eu ra;e iasi mgui, was arresteu
: i i i a. ; .
on the charge of : -conducting a poker
Pame m DUUding ownea Dy BOO
Tate-.at Low- on or about Decern
ber
County Attorney' Statement
'The county attorney's cfiice, with
the co-operation "of the sheriffs office
, and local- officials throughout Cochise
county, has started a campaign to rid
the county of gambling and bootleg
ging., as far as such a thing possibly
can 'be accomplished," said Mr.
French.
"Also the arrest of Tate was the
! first made under information filed in
.Tombstone. Other informations eith
er are being prepared or have been
and warrants issued' under them for
the arrest of the men involved."
Douglas today, !t had been in-
tended to" arrest men under informa
tin filed at Tombstone, but before
that action could be taken, the oaic-
ers had arrested them on warrants is-1
sued through the justice of the peace's
court. Such being the case, we can-
not file information in those cases.
The people of Cochise county are
in favor of law and order. I promised
that I would give it to fhem and this
is the first step in the cleanup, Mr.
French concluded,
The arrest of Tate becama rumored
about the streets early in the evening,
Bolsheviki Organized Soviets
Operating in U. S., Cha rges
irty Review Leasw-u Wirio : States have begun a post-war propa-
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23. Testify-. ganda. with a view to exerting an in-
tfij, centers of this country, and that
their Plan contemplate eventual seiz-
ure of the government. .
. , . . ;
A Fost-Wsr Propaganda Exists I
.Mr. Stevenson also said evidence I
exists that Germans in the United
1
I0U0
9 WOUNDEDjRUSSIAN PRINCE
SOLDIERS ARE IMES DECISION
FRENCH HOSPiTAlSiOF PEACE MEEfll
(Ry Review aed Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23. Wounded
American soldiers remaining in hos-
pitals overseas number approximately
104,000, Col. W. H. Smith of the sur-l0f
geon general's office today told the
senate committee conducting an in
quiry of hospital facilities and con
struction. Many of these wounded, he
said, will not be brought home until
they have recovered.
In hospitals of this country. Colonel
Smith said there are about 4500 va
cant beds which can be placed in use
as additional wounded and sick are re
turned. Brigadier General Marshall, chief of
the construction division of the quar
termaster's corps, testifying in rela
tion to the rejection of the plan to
(Continued on Pair Two
"DOWN WITH THE JEWS" RIOTS BREAK
OUT IN SOUTH AMERICAN CAPITAL
"""" .iUENOS AIRES. Jan 23. A cam-! another, typographically identical,
;aign against Jewish residents is in 1 blaming Russian Jews for the recent
progress in several South American j outbreak, as well as "the anarchistic
cities. Billboards in Buenos Aires ; outbreak" in 191p and demanding that
have been covered with the inscrip- j the government "rid the nation of this
tlcn. "Down with the Jew s." ! Jew isa pest."
150X00 Jews Apreai for Aid. Jews Appeal to Government.
The Z:v-i?t fraternity yesterday The Zicnisl fraternity has retained
placarded t.e city with posters ' in ' rdvisers and is atmealins to the
he name of 150 000 Israeliies.
These posters declared the Jews,
were persecuted by "white guaris" in
I:e r-'ent outbreak, and appealed to
'J e perr'e of Argeutir. and fore:gn
residents for justice "against t'..ese
anj'.ist 1 executions."
' Red Nation Jewish Pest."
Today every poster was covered by
CRUSADE-WELLISHOVV IMMENSE
.HAN ARRESTED
) to the effect that Deputy Sheriff Fos-
ter, alter making tne arrest, had pro
cured an automobile and taken the
man to Tombstone.
Other arrests doubtless will follow
within the next day or two will follow
to Mr. French's statement.
Prosecutions in Bisbee
In line with the opening of the coun-
i ty s campaign oi rignteousness was
the passing of sentences yesterday by
City Judge John W. Hogan upon four
men arrested in an alleged poker
game at 1J-B Chihuahua hill, Monday
ni.iht. John Chase, J. J. Graham and
Bob Page were fined $200 each. Wil
liam Zackerson was fined $100. The
men gave notice of appeal and the
first three made appeal bonds of $400
each, and Zackerson made bond of
$200.
Bisbee Due for Cleanups Next
"The city officials of Bisbee are de
termined to see that the anti-gambling
ordinance is enforced to the letter."
said Judge Hogan in discussing the
cofcviction of the four men. "The po
lice have been instructed to go after
every game they can find, to make ar
rests and bring the persons involved
before me. I pledge myself to convict
and fine these persons, no matter who
j they may be, if the evidence would
warrant that action,
i "No game wiU be allowed to run in
j Bisbee if the city officials can get
j evidence In any way that will convict
! the keper3 or players."
"Tex" Barton, who has been a lead
ing figure in the raids made on games
by the police added:
"And just tell 'em the police won't
be armed with search warrants
and won't need any.
1 American soldiers overseas had come
t0 regard the Germans in a light other
. ,
thnn that of enemies.
T -,,., v , -
ats the bolsheviki movement
Contir5e1 on Pntre Thr'
(By Review Leased Wire)
PARIS, Jan. 23. Prince Lvcff, form
er Russian premier, in a statement to-
jay, strangly deprecated the decision
the supreme council regarding Rus-
sia.
"We never thought," said Prince
Lvoff, "that the conference would
commence its peace work by renewing
relations with our tyrants. The bol
sheviki have won their greatest vic
tory in Paris. The decision of the
ecuncil not only is of danger to us.
but to the whole world. Tt gives new
impulse to anarchy."
Another Russian Resents Decision
Sergius Sazonoff, the former Rus
sian foreign minister, under the old
regime, and now representing the gov
ernment at Yekaterinodar and the Si-
(Continued on Page Three)
:c'.ice aid poverrment against the
c..nii"uaMon of these persecutions'.
Riots Start in Montevideo.
TI ere :s sui cr.tl-Jewish movement
r.'ro in Montevideo, w! ich has taken
t; e f rra'of opposition to certain Jew
1 v -i'es a-d news dispatches from
Cfcilj rerort .an agitation against the
Jews there.
LOSS FOR 1918
!
WASHINGTON; 3..1 PARIS, 21 (By the Associated
in 191S under government control and ." lather the etfert of th
unusual conditions earned about $71$.- great Pw t0 tranquilixe Russia was
000.000 or $250,000,000 less than in ' ! screed . or fail was still in the
1917. MT0.000.0V0 less than in the rec-1 r,a,anct t0,mf -,N. re,ply had come
ord year of 1916. and about the same1 rom tne hev-ki nd as the wire
as in 1015. ; ss niessRS embodying the proposal
Figures Definite I cr t!ie associaled Powers was not sent
This became apparent today on the !Un,il 2 'C.,ock this ornlS. some
Kii nf ip:init mn. tn, tha ?,,t
state commerce commission of earn-
ings of 195 principal railroads those i Pans Sentiment Unfavorable
having annual operating revenues of j In tne meantime, prominent anti
more than $1,000.000 tor 11 months I bolshevik leaders in Paris are not
and unofficial calculation of Decern- i c,ear on h":r course, and the first
ber earnings which railroad adminis- ' reports that they were favorable to
tration oTiicials indicate will be con- the P,an hav? followed by a state
siderably smaller than those of the I mpnt bv suo! leaders as Sergius Sai
preceding month. Although subject of ; or.off. that they would not sit at the
slight revision, the figures afforded
the first public view of the results of
railway operations last year, so far
as earnings are concerned.
Operating Expenses More
Earnings from freight, passenger,
express and other transportation dur
ing the year amounted to approixmate
ly $4,873,000,000, or $832,000,000 more
than in the previous year. Operating
expenses jumped to about $3,971,000,
000. or about $1,119,000,000 more' than
in the preceding year.
Claim Armistice Reduced Earnings
Preliminary reports to the railroad
administration indicate that freight
traffic fell off in December with the
virtual stopping of great Hood snip-1
meats destined for Europe and the 1
cessation of the hauling of ether war
material, while expenses could not be j
reduced materially. This condition j
sent the net earnings, or railway ope-j
rating income, which has been dclin -
ing steadily since the record month of 1
last Juty. to probably $25,000,000 or
$30,000,000 officials believe. This may
be compared to income of $59,204,000
in December, 1917, when blizzarCs ana
curtailment cf traffic sent earnings
to what was then considered a very
lo.v record. -
Wsge Increase Large
The outstanding features of the rail -
way earnings situation last year were
that freight and passenger rates were
increased to yield about $300,000,000
annually, or $450,000,000 in the six
months during which they were ef
fective, while wage advances aldedS
$635,000,000 to operating expenses.
These are the latest estimates of rail
road administration accountants, but
are not considered final. Wages par-j extended conference between Presi
ticularlv mar prove to amount to more ; dent Wilson and the American dele
than is now believed.
Wages 45 Per Cent Higher Under
Government ,
The railroad administration account
ants now report that in 191S the $1.
710.000 pay roll of the year previous
was increased 37 per cent and that
consequently $2,348,000,000 was paid
oat last year to the" 2.000,000 railway
employes. Many wage increases were
effective for only the latter part of
the year, and if these ruu through the
present year, even without other addi
tions which may come from action on
(Oontinued on Page Two)
iillTraids
village near
(Bv Review Leased Wire
JUAREZ. Ilex.. Jan. 23. Francisco
Villa led a band of 150 followers into
Santa Eulalia. 16 miles southeast of
Chihuahua City early yesterday, killed
four soldiers of the small federal gar
rison, hanged a civilian, detained the
Americans connected with the American-owned
mines in the Santa Eulalia
district and looted the stores and
houses. The Americans were re
leased by Villa beiore he rode out of
the town and they reached Chihuahua
City safely.
Gen. Jesus Augustiu Castro, com
mander of the northeastern zone, re
ceived the details here today of the
occupation cf the mining town where
the American Smelting & Refining
company has its mines. The fate of
the 31 survivors were not given in the
tunicary dispatches, the bodies of four
soldiers and one civilian haing been
found in the plara after Villa disap
peared. Alter leaving Santa Eulalia. Villa
led his band in a det.ar toward v'hi
! i-ahua 'City, burned a bridge at Ma
tula, six miles sov.th of th-x capital.
. di j'M-oared in the direction of
Bachimba canyon. Late tonight the
40.ie.al pursuing coluniu under Gen.
cauin Araarj reported Villa march
li.g toward Pi'- .r do Conch . south t
, of Chihuahua City on the Tarral road.
IPHimiAHIIAPiTV
UillHUHIlUHUlI I
t
FRENCH MICE
D1S A P P R 0 Vfl I
0F BOLSHEViKI
PARTICIPATIfl
' ua-' ":ierene oeiore anyiuing
j definite is known.
i ,aDje w a assassins.
Will Not Sit With Traitors
The semi-official Temps, also as
serts that the supreme council's propo
sition "permits traitors who withdrew
Russia from the war and turned the
entire German strength against France,
to be received on the same footing as
the faithful."
Wi'son's Plan Open Course
The American nd British delegates
feel, howerer. that the proposal was
the only course open.
Strong Bolshevik) Army in Field
Information reaching the allies in
dicates tiat the bolsneviki have a
(powerful army in which discipline is
being enforced. In view of this In
formation, one of the premiers pointed
cut today that the bolsheviki could
only be combatted by a large number
of Allied troops, which wculd have to
be on the spot immediately, w hereas,
none of the covernments could ask
eople already wearied by war to
undertake another large military ex-
redition. -Fcit
Main Subjects to Bs Discussed
The council -cf the great power
tday definitely set forth four main
j subjects to be presented at the Tu'l
conference on Saturday rirst. inter-
J'vitional labor legislation: second., re-
'sponsibiiity to and punishments for
s the war: third, indemnities; fourth.
internstionaliraticn of ports, water
ways and railw-ays.
To Go to Committees
Th?se subjects are not to be dis
cussed detail, but will be immedi
ately referred to committees for study
and reports. American members ot
the committees were selected at an
gates tr.is auernoon.
German Topic Uppermost
The American plans on the first
topic are already well advanced. While
there is no definite information, on
the second point, relative to responsi
bility and punishment for the war. Ihe
sentiment in American quarters in
clines to a negative attitude, with
some suggestions that those respons
ible who have fled from Germany
should be returned for Germany to
deal with.
Third Subject Indemnities
Third subject, indemnities, will not
be presented in the conference with
'the amounts claimed by each gov
jernment, but a committee will he
charged with the task of assembling
these amounts and also of determin
ing the probable maximum the enemy
powers are able to pay.
i Session cf Supreme War Council
! The meeting tomorrow will have
added importance in bringing together
'the supreme war council, with Presi
dont Wilson, the premiers and foreign
ministers, reinforced by Marshal Koch.
'Field Marshal llaig. General Pershing
!and General Diaz and the full mem
bership of the war council of Ver
sailles. Status of Germany to Be Decided
The subject for consideration is not
Russia or Poland, as was supposed.
but the status of the present military
occupation of Germany, on which the
council desires information from the
military leaders. In some allied quar
ters it had been suggested that the
American strength in the occupied
(Continued.- on lse Two)
38 "WOBBLIES"
TO LEAVENWORTH
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. Jan. 23.
Thirtv-eisht Industrial Workers of the
World and others aro today en route
to Leavenworth. Kan., from Sacra
mento, to commence serving prison
terms of from one to ten years, betn
convicted in the federal court here
of conspiracy to obstruct the govern
ment's .war program. Without prevl
ous announcement the men wera
!:ken aboard a special car last night.
They are being guarded by ten depu
Tes of the United States marsha.'s
office. TWO
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1919.
IHMIACIKESTRIFE
STIRS PORTUGAL
Vv Review LaMd Wire)
LONDON. Jan. 23. A wireless dis
patch received from Madrid says re
ports from frontier towns are to the
effect that Portuguese war vessels are
bombarding Oporto, which is still in
the control of the monarchicals.
The dispatch adds that rumors per
sist that former King Manuel is about
to land in Portugal.
COUNCIL LAYS FLANS
INTERNATIONALIZATION
LABOR AND CAPITAL
. . i
N
To Urge General
Federal Control
GERMAN ASSEMBLY TO
CONVENE ON FEB. 6TH
BERLIN. Wednesday. Jan. 22. (By
the Associated Press.) The German
national assembly which will convene
at Wiemar February 6 is expected to
be in session about two months. The
first business will be selection of a
prorisional government because the
, present government consists its exist
ence at an end with the convening of
a constituent assembly.
The assembly will then take up the
adoption of a constitution. The pres
ent government as such wQl not pre
sent any proposal and the draft drawn
up by the ministry of the interior will
be submitted merely as a preliminary
suggestion-
The obligatory task of the constitu
ent assembly will be finished with the
adoption of a constitution but it has
the. right to make of itself a constitu
ent instead of a constituting body,
and this probably will be done. In that
case the assembly will be obliged to
regulate tax and financial questions
by legislation.
The peace question probably will
not be considered as it is not expect
ed the Germans will be admitted to
the " peace conference before adjourn-ment-
The matter of lodging the 3K per
sons who are expected to attend the
convention is a serious one because
Weimar is a small city with limited
accommodations. The municipal auth
orities there are considering the ques
tion of billeting the delegates and
journalists with private families, if
necessary, and in adjacent cities.
Telegraph, telephone and postal com
munications will be engaged and train
service also will be increased. Work
in this direction already is under way.
The constituent assemblies of the
various German states probably will
not convene until after the national
assembly has completed its work.
- iContnued from Page One?
right of the people to form themselves
Into trade unions might be settled by
the peace conference. The matter of
the hours of labor and similar prob
lems would come before the interna
tional labor commission. In case of
non-fulfillment of labor agreement
the league of nations would be called
in to settle the matter.
The international labor commission,
will not deal with purely internal
problems of the nations. Capital and
labor will still work out their local
difficulties and differences, as before.
Asked as to what power the com
mission would have back of it to en
force its rulings. Mr. Barnes replied
in substance that if any nation re
fused to play the game she might be
brought to reason by depriving her
of trade privileges with sister states.
FEDERAL CONTROL
MEANS HIGH PRICES,
. SAYS PACKER SWIFT
' Hv Review Leased Wire
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 23 Resolu
tions "opposing government ownership
of the railroads and urging early re
turn of the railroads to private con
trol under adequate federal regula
tion; favoring federal licensing and
regulation of packers and stockyards
but opposing government ownership
of marketing facilities; advocating
! universal military training and endors
1 ing the federal woman suffrage
J amendment were adopted today at the
i closing session of the twenty -second
) annual convention of the American
The convention also adopted many
resolutions urging changes in the
method of administering the public
lands and the national forests, advo
cating a protective tariff on livestock
and meat products and regulation of
imports of cattle and hides from Mex
ico so as to detect those which have
been stolen from America. Larger ap
appropriations for state agricultural
colleges and for the bureau of mar
kets also were urged.
(Continued from Pax? One)
business. He said he never before
knew of so many new plants under
construction and told the committee
that the Anheuser Busch brewing in
terests of St. Louis were starring a
new packing company. The only other
witness of the day was Levy Mayer,
counsel for Armour & Co.. who told
the committee why he thought the
pending bill unconstitutional. Mr.
Mayer's testimony developed an at
tack on the federal trade commission's
method of investigating the packing
industry. He said none of the pack
ing firms were allowed to present tes
timony or question witnesses.
Mr. Swift will resume the stand tomorrow.
104,000 WOUNDED ,
SOLDIERS ARE IN
FRENCH HOSPITALS
(Continued from Pare One)
DEFAULTING NEVADA
POSTMASTER ARRESTED
build a 5350.000 military hospital at
Chicago said the project was disap
proved by Assistant Secretary of War
Crowell over the recommendations or
the medical authorities.
Milton J. Traynor of the war de
partment's real estate division, who
was charged yesterday in testimony
before the committee, with seeking a
commission of S100.AOO from a Chicago
construction company in connection
with the hospital, notified the commit
tee today that he desired to appear to
answer the charee.
QUIET SESSION IN
LEGISLATURE
(Continued from Page One)
the salaries of official interpreters to
$150 a month.
A bill introduced in the house pro
vides for the holding of sessions of
the superior court at Ajo. Pima coun
ty. Another provides that 25 per cent
cf all fees paid into clerks of superior
courts shall go into a county law
library fund.
!
CHARGES GREAT BRITAIN
WITH EXPLOITING UNITED
STATES LUMBER TRADE
NEW ORLEANS. La- Jan. 23-
Charges that Great Britain, through
the allied purchasing commission, is
exploiting the lumber resources of
the United States, were made in reso
lutions adopted here today in the
final session of the National Hard
wood Lumber Exporters' association.
The resolution was wired tonight to
the war trade board and department
cf commerce, assert ia that the tim
ber exported through the British mis
sion traffic executive to Great Britain
was for commercial purposes solely
and that "the result of this system,
which controls ail exports of lumber
from the United States to Great
Britain, has resulted in the loss of our
American export trade.
Another resolution adopted opposed
government control of railroads.
3
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 23. Thomas
Soden. former postmaster at Verdi.
Nev who was alleged to have fled
six months ago wiiii $6,000 in funds
sent through the mails, was arrested
today in Gallup. X. M and made a
confession of the theft, according to a
message received here by S, R. .Morse,
postcffice inspector tn charge-. Ac
cording to the message. Soden said
he had spend the money in gambling
in Reno. Ner.
FRENCH VOICE DISAP
PROVAL OF BOLSHE
VIKI PARTICIPATING
GALLUP, N. M, Jan. 23. Thomas
Soden. former postmaster at Verdi,
Ner, was arrested today by City Mar
shal Christmam who recognized him
from a photographic description. He
is being held in the county jail pend
ing the arrival of a United States mar
shaaL Soden is said to have acknowl
edged he was the defaulting party
wanted. He had been employed in a
store here and also in the Gibson
mines.
: iContinued from Page One)
regions should be relatively larger
than that of the other forces, as the
European allies have gone through
longer service. This view is not
shared in American quarters, where it
is maintained that the relative Amer
ican srength is fully up to the require
ments. The presence of the military leaders
tomorrow is expected to bring a fairly
full understanding on this subject.
R. R. EARNINGS SHOW
IMMENSE LOSS FOR 1918
THREE STATES PROTEST i
GOVT WIRE CONTROL
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23. Protests !
against continued government control '
of telegraphs and telephones were f 9
. . . . . .. .
presentea 10 me- nouse posiotuee com- i
mittee today by the Vermont. Mon-'
tana and New Mexico public service i
commissions. )
HOLLAND LOOKING
TO START SOMETHING '
RIOTS IN PROGRESS AT
HAMBURG, HUNLAND
Review leased Wire)
COPENHAGEN. Jan. 23 Dispatches
from Hamburg report that there was
shooting Tuesday night in the neigh
borhood of the central railway station,
the tow ii hall and on the harbor front
by Spartacans. who are reported to
have captured two police stations.
A more strict form of martial law
has been proclaimed and all the the
aters and restaurants have been order
ed closed. The soldiers' council has
decided that all arms must be sur
rendered within 4S hours. Persons
found in possession of weapons at the
expiration of that time will be liable
to summary court martial.
(Continued from rae One)
pending applications for more pay.
they would make $784,000,000 addition
al wages. The wage level at the end
of 191S was a little more than 43 per
cent higher (han at the beginning of
the year, when the government as
sumed control.
No Rate Reductions This Year
Prospects for improvement of the
earnings situation this year depend
mainly on whether business during
the readjustment period continues ac
tive, and gives a large volume of
freight traffic, to the railroads. In
dications point to a reduction of traf
fic, and consequently to reduce earn
ings, according to the railroad admin
istration. Director General Hines has
stated that no consideration was being
given to any rate increase, but he be
lieves no general reductions can be
made this year.
AMSTERDAM, Jan. 23 The an-!
nouncement that the local choral un-'
ion at Amerongen would give a con
cert Sunday at Amerongen castle in !
honor of the birthday of the former
German emperor has provoked a
strong protest from the Handelsblad.
The newspaper declares that such i 1
an action is calculated to create dif
ficulties and complications with the
entente powers, who might consider i ,
the concert an indication of Dutch : i
sympathy for William Hohenzollern. i
GOAT MILK
Eaacst to digest.
li-os.Ca
25c
3
When TOTTV-1
mfT coopaiat B
is prevalent wbea
has coiic
ben cow's milk vC TT XJ
cmw be ?rmd on 9
1 !
WTDEMANVS
LABORATORIES
Soil by Dniipu
r
vDurr a t rnn mm i xr i im c ttttit iv
Women's Party and Evening
Slippers $1.95 and $3.95
At $1.95
Women's Pretty Black Satin Pumps, that sold
regularly at $3.00. All sizes. Special Fri
day and Saturday $1.95
At $3.95
Women's Dainty Gold and Silver Pumps.
Very appropriate for parties-and evening
wear. Regular $6.00 values. Special, Fri
day and Saturday only $3.95
SHOE DEPARTMENT MAIN FLOOR
i
Men's Suits
SPECJAL OFFER THIS WEEK
ONLY. ALL S50.CO AND
$45.00 SUITS FOR
$40.00
575.00 AND $65.00 SUITS FOR
$55.00
FABRIC. STYLE AND FIT ALL
GUARANTEED
We are the only tailors in the
city who make your clothes in our
own shep. We can make your
clothes cheaper than ycu can buy
them ready made.
We accept Liberty Bonds and W.
S. S. Stamps as Cash
FRUITMAN'S
FASHION SHOP
TAILORS FOR MEN AND
WOMEN
Opp. American Express Co.
Phone 74 Main St.
Mrs. Jones Isben
VOICE CUILDING. TONE PRO
DUCTION and the ART OF SING
ING. lioni ihf l-smniH: to t'.n;
hiuhr-t j'rfr"tion. Free voice trial.
JPIione t;recn 7-1 for iipoimrai'nL
m l ' . r n in a
m imwmm mm itiaxe
Effective January 21, 1919, as Announced on December 13, 1918,
by the Postmaster General, Washington, D. C.
A new method of computing charges on telephone toll calls (to points cutside the local service area) under
which all toll rates throughout the United States are placed on a standard basis, becomes effective 12:01 a. m. Janu
ary 21,1919. A brief description of this new method and of its application to the several classes of service, is given
herewith.
"STATION TO STATION" RATE
When a person makes a toll call, without specifying that
conversation is desired with a particular person, and the
connection is -established and conversation held, the
"station to station rate applies.
This rate is determnied by the air-line distance between
toll points and is computed on the basis of 5c for each
six miles, up to twenty-four miles, and 5c for each eight
miles beyond that distance.
"Station to station" calls should be made by number
wherever Telephone Directory information is available.
Where this information is not available at the calling
telephone, such calls may be made by giving the toll
operator the name and address of the subscriber at the
telephone called.
"PERSON TO PERSON RATE
When a person makes a toll call, specifying that conver
sation is desired with a particular person and the con
nection is established and conversation held with that
person, the "person to person" rate applies.
As this service requires a greater amount of operating
effort, the rate for such calls is about 6ne-fourth greater
than the "station to station" rate.
This "person to person" rate is computed on the day
rate between the points involved, whether the call is
made during the day or during the night, and the mini
mum charge is 20c
fco "person to person" call is accepted where the "sta
tion to station" rate is less than 1 5c.
"REPORT CHARGE
When a "person to person" call is made and the particu
lar perscn desired is not in or will not talk, or when an
exact telephone address of the particular person desired
has not been given and he cannot be reached at a tele
phone within one hour a '"report charge applies.
Such a charge also applies if the calling party is absent
when the connection is completed within one hour, or if
he refuses to talk.
This charge is to cover compensation for the operating
work performed and is usually about one-fourth of the
"station to station" rate.
-
In any case where a "report charge" applies, the mini
mum charge is 1 Oc and the maximum $2.00.
"APPOINTMENT RATE
When the calling part' in placing his call appoints a def
inite specified time at which he will talk on a "person to
person" basis and the conversation is held at the speci
fied time, the ."appointment" rate applies.
The "appointment" rate is usually about one-half greater
than the "station to station" rate.
The" 'appointment" rate is computed on the day rate be
tween the prints involved, whether the call is made dur
ing the day or during the night, and the minimum charge
is 25c.
No appointment call is accepted where the "station lo
svalicr?" ratD is less than I 5c.
"Kenoit chorees" epply under the same general condi
tions as specified for "prison td person" calls.
"MESSENGER CALLS
When a call is made on a "person to person" basis and a
messenger is required to secure attendance of the desig
nated person at a public pay station at the distant point,
the "messenger call" rate applies.
This rate is the same as the "appointment rate" for the
same distance, plus any charge for messenger service.
The ' "messenger call" rate is computed on the day rate
between the points involved, whether the ca'l is made
during the day or during the night, and the minimum
charge is 25c
Messenger charges incurred are to be paid even if de
sired conversation is not held.
No "messenger call" is accepted where the "station to
station" rate is less than 1 5c
"Report charges' apply under the same general condi
tions as specified for "person to person" calls
STANDARD TOLL NIGHT RATES
The following reduced rates fcr night service on a "sta
tion to station' basis only are effective 12:01 a. m. Jan
uarv 21. 1919.
8:30 p. m. to 12:00 midnight
About one-half of the "station to
station" day rate.
12:00 midnight to 4:30 a. m.
About one-quarter of the "station
to station 'day rate.
Fcr the purpose of applying night rates, the time of day
at the point at which a "station to station" message orig
inates is used.
The minimum night rate is 25c Day rates apply on
calls made at night when the "station to station" charge
is less than the minimum night rate.
"COLLECT CALLS
"Collect calls" are calls for which the charges are re
versed; that is. are to be collected from the subscriber
at the distant station at which the -call is completed.
Such "collect calls" or reversed charges are allowed only
in connection with "person to person" calls.
EXAMPLES SHOWING HOW METHOD
IS APPUED
Assuming the air-line distance between toll points to be
more than 144 miles, but not mere than 152 miles, the
following initial period rates for service under the vari
ous classes offered would apply:
"Station to station" rate ; $1.00
Completed "person to perscn" rate 1.25
Completed "appointment" rate 1.50
Completed "messenger call" rate 1.50
Plus messenger charges.
Report charge 25
Rate between d:30 p. m. and 1 2:00 midnight, "sta
tion to station" service only 50
Rate between 1 2:00 midnight and 4:30 a. m., "sta
tion to station" service only 25
The Mountain States Telephone and Telegraph Companj
. i THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, JANUARY 21, 1919.
THREE
i t
J
ORDER ANNULS ALLIfipBA T8AFFIP
NEW TELEPHONE LAY!""" S m nb
OF : BEN. JDBLESON COPS COMING
.BCLSHEVIKI ORGANIZED,'
'SOVIETS OPERATING L!
I UNITED STATES, CHARGE1
General Order No. 27 of the Arizona
corporation commission, aunuling and
setting aside any orders issued by
Postmaster General Barlescn as fed
eral administrator of wire service. Las
been received in iBsbee. It sets aside
all "telephone rates, tolls, rentals,
charges, classifications, rules and
regulations instituted or sought to be
Instituted contrary to law." meaning
the ratings of the postofSce depart
ment relative to installation and re
moval charges, and other rulings made
within the last few months from
Washington, which sought to place
telephone service on a uniform basis
all over the United States, regardless
of local conditions, which always are
taken into consideration by the cor
poration commission in fixing rates.
The order, which is self explanatory,
follows la part:
Arizona Corporation Commisison
General Order No. 37
Order of supervision of telephone!
rates, tolls, rentals, charges, classifica-j
tions. rules and regulations instituted !
or sought to be instituted contrary to
law.
It Appearing. That telephone com
panies operating in the state have in
stituted changes in rates, charges.
rules and regulations for the instalia
1
(Continued from Fair Onei
in th;s country, Mr. Stevenson testi
fied, included John Reed. who. he said.
BABY KILLERS ARE.IMBATES SEVEN
!T0 COME TO U. S.R(l'LR0AD UHES
Vis lhe consul eerieral st N'iff Ynrfc v
'of the Russian soviet government and! -. -.."' l-"M TVi, ; SKATTl.r, Wash.. Jan. 2:1. All ra.l
nxr. VieLe'3 v- a ! Albert Rhvs Williams of New York. I " ASitlsUTO.V jan 1.. T.iou- U,,es ot eouzmunivaiion between tfe-
PARI. Jan. ro.-The inter-ahied . &.hoo,s for ,h teac,, j f ,h e lH3uhe-: ?rls ' Normans . loupht against -atl.c ajui Ta.oma xxere severed todav
air commission wiU meet m Ims Vlk doctrine to cvi;dren haTe beer. e. i America ate iou.y w.am,,s ,or tVe and rive recj of water sub-
shortly tootle the big probes ci-it.WSshed bv lhe local 0rrai7ations. ' raf. troaty ' 1?!Tl- lo ! merging fr.o tracks Iw.,r Taenia Juno
neeted wiic the aerial traifie of the t! u.itnesg nd ieCtUrers sent;t? thi country, the house ir..niiSra- ,:.,n. u,.e T i t-.o heaxy dnwr of
wcrid. Tecbjuc&l experts oi the van- toId the ccmmi:tee that Uut-ucn mute; s toM tody by Rep.;:r.!a, aud r:si:1,T rlvors of the last few
ua pikers ure cuf-ipt-u iu pas iu chits Haneood of Xew York was onei "r"-"1- 'a;u i"- : ,.vs. Mr.ir lino tracks bvjween S-vst-.
iof the lecturers and that Leonard D.
vv. i ...w ADbott or xew orkr. was hund ni
a,-.d
-.st sro oj ou.
edition of the London Daily Mail, is
ready.
One pf the chief difficulties to be
overcome is the drawing up of a set
of rules for aerial passage applicable
to all nations in view of complicate'!
geographical conditions. Ordinary
j rules for flying such as speed, height
and navigating lights, are easily ad
justable, bet the political and com
mercial aspects are bound to involve
controversial points.
REFUGEES LEARN OF
ORDER WITH INTEREST
Interest which can be described .in
no other way than as being consum-
tion. rental and use of telephone:, i ba?e" a.rOB5etmn5 the- MeJt"
wnT t m with nrt mntmrr ,cani ct the Arizona border district by
to the laws of Arizona, and j ? sta ten"ot , Mexican Consul Ar-
It Further Appearing. That tele-!0 at OUfla,S' VVt enusU,:ul,,
phone companies operating in the!Carnui2a' P'dent of Mexico p ans
state purpcWmaking effective Jan-! 50011 lo s"bmit a to Mexican
uary 2ilirfnriher changes in rates, ffT"f extending amnesty to all
charget tolls, rules and regulations, I P9hu 1 ?s now m other lanes
tnffectTwhicli will be to make ! Jook pan in the revolutionary
further advances for services rendered f?,,0 'ke southern repub.ic.
by telephone companies within the Literally there are thousands ot
. J - 'Mexicans in Arizona alone to whom
It Further Appearing, That the In- eJ! "uinef "l
crease and changes made and sought mean abiutr to k,l
to be nade have been arbitrarily el-"? tomes cross th me
. . . . ..!and women who were forced to See
rected in & manner wholly contrary,, . , . ,
. .vT i , , from Mexico because of active or pas-
to the laws of Arizona and contrary i . ,, . . , ,
- - , . ", ' siTe allegiance to Diar, Hierta. HX
to the practice of f ederaL state and ,
, - r,or s Orozco, Mavtorena or revekeso move
other regulatory commissions m that)
the public has been given no oppor-; m.c . . . . . . .
tunity to be heard or to advance Veas- . vevnvhicH has been somewhat
ons for the general belief that the bu5 was .not f"' Mr'
rr T . r . . v,. . Arredondo in his statement was
i ii i! i- uu klJLia UiOUC SVU.UI
to be made are unjastified,
FOOD RELIEF BILL1
the school for the teaching of radical
ism, s
Money Comes From Russia
Monty for the tolshevik propaganda!
work. Mr. Stevenson assorted, was
sent from Russia. i
Same Element as in Russia
"The element that is farthering raci- rirUT
ical'sm here, is the same element thit 3j IN A 1 VJKo a iLirl 1
is Kuimg American soldiers m Rus
sia. i
"Thev can be said to be the same.'
- - r
resentatives in this ccn.trv.
Deportation As a Remedy
Asked by Senator Ovenr-an for a
remedy for bolshevisni. Mr. StevpTson '
sain he would rpo'Tinnd d,-nortati,m
of alien aeita'ors. runishment under a ; ,JC: ' . V
law srecificaHv drawn for that rur-; ., ha,Pf rraTesso..
a.., i The l.hno.s scia;or su ta- agree-
( 1 . T ' I 1 1 1 . 1 . 1 Ull 1 i 1 1 V . 7 1 v. 1 ,
clution. barring frcm the
vvi:h slides ic the incut. I :in.
i siigau
tro:l)iIe
been
on?' ,; ; 4 ... " "
i. 1-iL.irury overseas
, : curing war. sihsk-.:: ;i r.-vor ot
legislation stepping inin-.itration dur
Ir.z the reccr.stro.rf'on period.
Mr. Johnson s-.id h. spoko with r.n-; tram,,,i0 ard showed
merous vicrman pr?.-oners arj tr.a: m-'hi-h -s 4 nr tn
variably they stated they in ended to; i dtJl-: b0i;Ove Hoover did
come to Aiuerica t? Svon as the war wro?;- i:: con:ni;i:ig tn pnvk?rs. said
I srn;"..v smcot. ' If be had not
as
no
ione."
Ti tcU where prices would have
!
DRY AMENDMENT
BEFORE N. Y. ASSEMBLY
6r:?r? fS.'I I Ji " Hi
I i v ... i uw( .!. v ut,iiaati; 1
Th? start and development of business enterprise
requires a bonking connection of Safety and Gocd
Service.
A Bank that can be depended upon for these es
sentials is this Bank which cordially invites your
business.
Bank with us.
pesed arp'-Oiicticu w:is not a re!i?f
i fund but " a i.ii.r-'-i"i f " ;n:a he
: lefend to 1 r.,. i l"!'.t V uso;-. as a
Knvcu err.. i; i-.roic, ";i...u:i
Al.DAN'Y. N. Y.. J.'n. 23. The No
Yvrk assor.ibiy late :o:iiiht voted t
prepare to ratify th federal prohii.i-
tiou a'uenument.
-.-.ext week.
'o senate w;
ultra-radical nablications and a cour.-" Yr'. u C; - 'c-.n.ut.a wiw c- L irJ'" 'LJ V ! '
ter propaganda education. ! sheT1- mi t- s oo:i-; -VWT tV i 1
Howe. Immigratton Ofricial. Radical inectK:l io- "':-- a..iast soe.a.it j - ' riJS- ,-"'1 r- -1 F i !1
In reriv to a question from Senator: For---'" sa- co b" ; I V-j V7tLifcJ 'f" 1
Overmsn. as to whether Frederick C.'m" ---a by russcts i.i ner.rly . T .i "I '
Howe, comniissioner of imnrsrratia ia ' eerv Amenoan . cl.ese. IVi.oain ir.g ; . 'J I A .. V V. ' 1
New York, held radical views, the e pret-s.irs us !::: .ni.io.s ef se j r V.'.'l:J ' . . i
witness said he believed Mr. Howe's i::;or- '. ?n;"or soir, a . A ' v" : ' ' il
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Pa:ne. Weber & Co Boston. Duluth. Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICACO
SPEOAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
t
opinion s were somewhat mdies:
i newspaper Heceivea sis.uou
! ihe American p-. ace mission.
Invest ieation of the Staais Zjiteus:.: K5rx ' wa ey Airesoy pent.
Mr. Steverson said, showed ttat the
paoer received 513.000 from Dr. Bern
ard IniVrg. the Geurman propacar.d
ist. after the beginning of the Euro-
senator I'eurese ot iv.insy Ivama j
presented a teieram from C H. Oaa-j
by who. he slid, was a prob'.ineut Chi-
cago frain broker, statins; ihat it was'
rumored tue fooJ adtufaistration
It is Ordered and Notice is Hereby
Given to All Telephone Companies :
Operating In the State: That a-1
j whether the clericals including former j into the hands cf people who
oean w?r. A deposition bv Georee
von Scfca'. taken by the ew-. York i alret-uy had spent 2C.'C0.000 of the
attorney eeneral. he declared. showed appre;riati-jn proposed iu t! e bi'i. :u
at ia rvecember. 1S14. or Jaruary. ! anticipation ot" its passaee, and in
1915. a cab!e rcessase was sent to; "Nation of law.
the Berlin foreign ofrice. saying that Xleassires to caus? reduction in frxxi
the Staats Zeuun.sr had to have ap-! prices In America were ursed ly Soa-
proximately SSOO.CO "if it doesn't fall -tor Calder of New ork. crmouin?
return and resume their former sta
tions in the republic. The confisca-
. . r . . . . : V Jl'iA vuiuvu l.' i i.' I . H.'.1T miu
lmiira hANfnfnra Tn 1 1 fr fnT TnaT .
t- tv tft; 1 lne banishment, imprisonment or en-
. , , , i..- :forcement of other penalties acainst
rentals, charges, classifications, rules. . . . I
ZJl .. .. priests aroused much opposiion to the 5
j T . ,r tC-Trs-nza goTernmeni in Catholic cxr-
affects any rate, renharse . Whether
Cfv ,rJJ!fni : arrmesty would cover this articular
which has been to advance or increase , - . -. .
tliecharorcliarEesiiaidfortele-:613 13 considered
phone service in and betwn pomts . Mexicans
in the state of Artion beand they they cannot re
are hereby suspenued. abrogated is.- the,-r MtiTe wh3e in
ajtainst Gernsany.'
Mare Money If Necessary
The answer to the raessace. he as-; the war ended
serted. was thr,t the embassy here ! Utah, republican
the footl adminisiration for maintain
ing food prices for Iarj:e surpluses cf
foodstuffs held ia warehouses whea
Se lator Smoot cf
indicated he v.s.s
would be atithorii?d to pay the money. incline J to support the measure, ile
"i! necessary.
v. v
v is cfzxnpprrsez&Sf-
i now possible for rwry
4 t.' wxjmaa through use of
MARINELLO
Phantom Powder
IrMmcdiately srives sJ;ia cAVa
ci.- of beauty then nv-v
V.tirtices . I'nrrvakxJ bcautvb:tVT
for tc-f. r?c and hands. IVkw ! r-.ia
McDonald's Marinelia
Shop Fhons 3C5
A. J. CRAIG, Independent Gasfitter.
ALL KIN2S CAS WORK MY SPEC IALTY. Gas Water Heaters and
Rsr.ces irstalted and repaired. Cas piping work guaranteed. Pric
reascr.shlc. Fhone CfS. care H. E. Woattan, Rev Phone, Black 7C2.
It Is Further. Ordered. That the : ' - . "
legal rates and cnarges for telephone- Qf
RUSSIAN PRINCE
SCORES DECISION
vCoctlnutd from Pagv One)
j prsised the services rendered Mr. i
5 Kocver in makinsr the meat packers
j pay 13 i cents a pound for boss, a:
j the same time restricting their profits
i to s per cert and their turnover to
nr or K rr- irxmmr ! -H Fr cent. The packers" tU: profits.
vi. ii-nv. itiA-i-iij, Senator Smoot sail, resulted
their enormous business.
Pats Hoover cn Back.
llorsh
trem
berian covemment at Omsk, has de- s?ator
took exception to
: gees is tar more numerous, mere c-e-
sernce within tne state are nereoys
declared to be the rates and charges' . '
as legally filed with this commission J I P C 11 0 C 0(11 I CRTinHQ :
in compliance with the crders of this L I U L II O L UULLLU I lUllO ;
commission and the laws of this state. .. mh hiam- a
"SSSssiSHOW MUCH INCREASt
A. E. STELER. !
Secretary, j
Dated at Phoenix. Arizona, this 2vih :
The attitude of the Mountain States) e ordinance each business cx-t-vv
.. v.TAirirtr p ? Pt the few for which a stated rat?
rf tw f tho lnral offiro 15 et tT tte la" Faying accords
will be to disregard ana ignore tae
the statement that profits had been
Lic-rr.se colIectioEs in the city of
rishc-e as a resclt cf tie enforcing of
ciared in a statement that he would.
net participate in the conference pro-: lisiiti to 9 per cent, saying that a;
pesed by the supreme councU wka:F1JeJ. to one Uae of t.e indaslry only,
rolshcvii representatives. h:Ie ether branches ere left "un-
Tfee decision, of -the supreme council ',
oi tre peace conrress on tne Kussiani
".uesiior. meets with a mixed recep-l
tion oa the part of the commAitators !
n tiie Paris moming newspapers. Tae i
i!atin. which caiTies the news under!
the caption "Dramatic stroke at peace J
coaier-mee. says:
"It is a sreat and bold idea. We
shail see if it is practical and fruit-!
GET AFTER THAT
COD RIGHT NOW
RewTailormg
DEPARTMENT
We do our own designing and
cutting, and try on each garment
befoii completed, which assures
a, perfect fit. Alterations, c!ean
ir.3. pressing and repairing reat'y
done.
H. MICHAELS, Tailor,
With Mi'ier SKirt ana' Hat Shcp
Main St Eisbea
I
v.:uL" 1
the crnoant of business done in the: -Thf fs h,-. the fan' that!
commissions order until it has been ; "Uhe sciuticn a5otted has caused a
passed upon by the courts. -marked increase for the ftrst quarter ranful irnpression upon the French.'
-Upon reading in the Review the'cf ljl9 OTer in?" r-revwus quarter mlFcreiK1 Mter Picchcn expressed !
other morning that the corporation i lhe s bistory. according to City ; p,,; , sentiment when he siid in his!
commission bad made this order. I im- -Jarsnai j. a. nempion. speech cf December 9 and his letter
mHiiatelT called ud headquarters in El : 1 unaerstna taai tne nisnoi previ-.cf janaarr 5. -p0 compromise with
Paso
sue,
that until the courts had acted by is- Kemston. Airescy we nave collected -T,e social dercocrsts of the whole
87i a nee
na. or we nave instructions wmcn wui 1
serve to guide our course, the com-, Tne new metcod or taxation tas in;ent wyoa speaks tie language
pany will consider Postmaster General some instances multiplied the UeeDseiwieh we and the workers cf the civi
Burieson to be its director acd shall tax paid by businesses several times. ;-jted globe have been waiting fcr.
continne to maice the charges, ciassifi-: Mr. Kempton said. I ,
cations and 10 be gnided by the rules
and regulations be has ordered rut in
effect."
Got right after It with
bottle of Dr. Ring's
New Discovery .
a
to find out what course to pur-!uils wt.i.imuuj , tte bolsheviki.' "
said Jlr. CundifX. "I was advised t taxes was coouc 5-i-. .-a:a Air.; The Socialist HumanUe says:
ltfl the courts had acted by is-! Kemston. Airescy we nave collected j -T,e social dercocrsts of the whob
of a restraining order against I ?2S&50 and before we are throach : 7 ori3 rr?sident Wilson":
- . . - . -.. 1 . V. cim. -ill .....Tl t w. f.-ir.A . . . .
-""i " fivvu. ;trorcsai witn tne ceeoest iov. rresi
LUTHERAN SERVICES
The Lutherans of this district will
hold their services this evening at
. . :7:30 o'clock in the Warren Red Cross
Coast Writer Pays1 across frcm the c & of
TT m tt'II yr 1 Sermon topic, "The Characteristics
VISU TO niU VjIIU ,ot Faith in Christ," !
i Furthermore, we will begin our
1 Bxt-le class for children and a Cateche-;
"Walter de Pellaton. playwright and ; tical class for such who wish to be -writer
of San Francisco. Calit. and cenf irmed. If you wish to have your
Chicago, ill. arrived at isisfcee wea-:r-biMren instructed and confirmed in
at x
I
ry r 1 r- l 1 f . .1 -r- r. r wr n n r pi 1 1 r- t
WOMAN SO ill
GQULO NOT WALK
She never let a cough or cold or case
of grippe pi until it grew dangerous.
She just nipped h when she began to
snirP.e or cough before it developed
seriously.
hUn, women, and children cf every
aee have used this preparation fcr
r.rty years as a prompt reliever. Ad
aTT are using it today because of its
positive r?5u!tv.
Generous sire bottle. ' 60c and $1.20.
Constipation Corrected
Dr. King's New life Pills tonight
mesa clear bowels, a dear head, clear
thir.kicg, a day we.'l begun ia the
morning, good digestion, clearing skin.
Mild ia action but sure and comfortable.
At drvg stores everywhere. 25c.
m r -rK m m t r k
IS BACK AT
THE OLD STAND
BROPEY GARAGE
and Supply Co.
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
COAL,
WOOD)
Bisbee Fuel and
d Company
F
o.
Phone 121
ce Liclow Copper Quen Hotel
r
nesday in search of local color for a j the trnth of God. please send them to i
urH rtf magazine arrir'tui Ha ni t v !
accompanied by Harold Borin and ; gin this evening at 6:45 o'clock. A I LvdiarLPlIlkhcLm S Vegetable !
Richard Stearns, also of San Fran-1 choice time will be set later, when the ' 1 D i iu . i
w mm m mm aavwkwa VM
cisco.
This is the party's fourth tour of the
leading cities of the United States.
They are on their way to Buenos
Aires.
The party arrived here from Phoe
nix and left here yesterday for El
Paso. . Mr. De Pellaton is socially
prominent in California, being a mem
ber of over a score of exclusive clubs.
classes have been organized. Parents, j
send yonr children, for you are held i
responsible for the welfare of the soul
cf your child which God has entrust-1
ed to you. '
""Blessed are they who hear the
word of God and keep it." ;
Toa are cordially welcomed. ;
Paul Lutzke, pastor. ,1011 Seventh
street. i
Mother, whose hands rock the cradle, often needs more
than ordinary food to help maintain the blood-quality and
strength and to assure adequate nourishment to the
child. It is as unwise for the mother, as it is dangerous
to the child, to place dependence upon alcoholic stimu
lation, for strength is not found in alcohol.
T n n an
LP'
of purest cod liver oil, ahsolately free from alcohol, is
Acfy mothers true fnend, in that it performs a two-fold
t2Xea tor the trying period ot motherhood.
SCOTTS EMULSION BUILDS UP STRENGTH.
CceajLtewacKooB&s)d.K.J. .Ut
to Health.
Perth Ambov, N.J. "For three
years I siufered with a severe female j
trouble, was ner
vous, had backache
and a pain in my side
most of the time. I
had dizzy spells and
was often so faint I
could not walk across
the fioor. 'lhe doc
tor said 1 would have
to have an operation.
I read about Lye
t fuikham s e.
table CompoaLd in j
!i!t!!ii::rrini!
i
m rrepanng
ii 1PUE
CUSTOMEES
peolficalions
Mm
it makes a whole lo of differ-'
cia ; enca -what kind of lumber ycu
fe ! use. If the lumber is to ccme
my newspaper, and ; from il.-;. von ran flc-iTr
i tried it. Kow I am better, ieel strong, . . J . , . .f
! have no p-is. backache or dirryspeUs. : quantities much CiCSer than II,
Every one talis me bow well I look and j you dont soecify US. Tliere
I tell thera to use Lydia t Pmkham s : r J
Vegetable Compound that is what IS no waste to our lumber. It
makes me feel well ard look well. 1 ; U .. J tr tir Ut. '
recommended it to my sister and she ' ffn De Ul,ea to 11C las- in-a-
i is using it cow. Ycu can U3e this letter If your plans are as risrht as
i if voo wish, for it is certainly a grand 1 i i i .i i. -n
remedy for a, woman's ills."" -Mrs. our lumber your building W.
be a dandy.
Bisbee Lumber Go
Martha Staxtslawski, S24 Penn St.. i be a dandv.
- L. . 1 ! 1 , J
For forty years Lydla E. Pinkham's
Vejretable Compound has been overcom-
i ing such serious conditions as displace
! ments- inflammation, ulceration, lrrer-
i nlaritiea, periodic pains, backache, cliz-; Inorporcted
! lines, and nervous prostration of j PVT MRV5 7
! nmT; .nd is now considered th- Stn. ! AAKlNJ5, fi-oj.
i dajJ remedy for such ailments. j Lowell Car Stop. Phone 25 jv
We wish to thank j-ou for your patience in bearing with us during our recent
trouble in purifying cur gas and eliminating the sulphur odor therefrom, caused
by cur not being able to procure the purifying material necessary to be used, ship
ment of which was promised us four months ago. Shortage of material and Ubor
and the fact that the manufacturers moved into new quarters all held up the ship
ment. After car was shipped, notwithstanding the fact that it was twice snow
bound, the railroad people did theyr part by extricating the car and rushing it
forward.
Under ordinary conditions we would have been able to give better service
with the material on hand, because it would have been possible to revive it, and
refill the purifying boxes, but the extraordinary consumption due to the cold
weather, prevented this. And notwithstanding the fact we used our best ef
forts and all available material procurable locally, we could not overcome our
trouble until car of purifier arrived in Bisbee.
The purifier is here and working ard we can now supply you with all the gas
you require and of sood quality. We hope to continue to serve jou and assure
you we appreciate the courtesies you have extended to us.
115' 1
Improvement Co.
J
J FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1919.
(Zhv Siistor Daily Htmux
Published Every Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated Publishing
Company
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to this paper,
and also, the local news published therein.
All right of re-publication of special dispatches herein are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Kail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8, 1879.
Per month
Three months
Six months
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Tweue months .
Sunday tour weekly) per year
Sunday lour weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Taken for Less Than 75c
$ .75
2-25
. 4.00
. 7.50
. 2.50
. .75
North, East. West, South
Supposing that tomorrow, all newspapers are discontinued. Wtat
a furore the public would make. "News! News! We must have news
or we will be not better off than the ancients." All right, suppose we give
them news, but cut out the advertisements.
Then we would discover that policies, the doings of society, notices
of fires, accidents, deaths, scandals, sports, the activities of the police
and criminals add little or nothing to the real comfort and happiness of
this greatest age in the world's history.
"What genU are they that have crowded the last fifty years with
so much of advantage to humans? They are legion in number, but not
least among them is Advertising.
Our cay is the greatest time the world has seen, because we have
more to be happy with, better things, greater variety, greater comforts,
gauered together from north, east, west and south for our choosing
and selection. Look about you. This Is the day of better food, better
homes, better clothing, better babies, better health, better business. And
advertising is the instrument that makes these better things possible.
Advertising is the News of all the looms, of all the furnaces, of all
the laboratories, of 'all the shops, of all the stores, of all the world, and
all working for you.
Because of advertising, luxuries, and necessities, that once cost a
king's ransom are yours at little prices. Advertising pits merchant
against merchant, artisan against artisan, producer against producer,
for your benefit, forcing out the best there is in everything, and telling
the world about it
Read advertising, keep abreast of today. Advertising furnishes yon
with facts and opportunities that you would otherwise never know.
Where Next?
That 800 persons have been killed in the Buenos Aires riots and
5000 injured; that it appears to have been a genuine socialist uprising
and that Russian refugees and bolsheviki propagandists were among the
leaders; and that the trouble is now extending all over the country is
a curious revelation of the extent to which this insidious and Tirulent
poison has spread. The majority of the Argentine population is Italian.
Bisbee Soldier-Sailors Camp
A movement that is especially commendable at this time in Bisbee,
is the proposed formation of a soldiers and sailors camp of the Warren
district.
Ihe proposed camp will include in its personnel of members, all
honorably discharged soldiers and sailors who have returned from
erTice- i -.iJSA'
The purpose of the camp is to weld together in closer alliance, wiui
the accompanying protection ani welfare the members and their
families. Later this camp will be joined with such national movement
of camps tiat will be organized after demobilization is complete.
Timely, wise, and foreseeing, is such a formation under the able
direction of Geo. P. Wilcox, late Major of the United States army. If more
such public spirited men in various parts of the country had placed
similar plans into effect such titles as The Soldiers, Sailors & Workmen's
Soviet league would not now be appearing in press reports cf the
strike centers.
Not a Prelude of Panics
Pessimism is not usually the prelude of panic It is in periods of
general enthusiasm and glowing optimism when caution is thrown to the
winds, that business and financial disaster are brewed. At the present
time even the office boys and speculating bootblacks are advising their
clients and listeners as to the wisdom of caution.
Both Leave a Brown Taste
Bolshevism and Spanish influenza have this much in common: Both
continue to flourish long after they have teen completely overcome.
Who'd a Thought it?
With milk at 6ky prices and prohibition coming, water may again
come into its own as a beverage.
Also Embroidery Work
Prohibition will destroy also the man who is insistently conceited
about his ability to mix cocktails. There is nothing left for him to boast
about but his deftness at synthesizing a salad dressing.
Overcoming a Handicap
Paderewski is probably the most popular long-haired man in the
world.
The Solid Kind
Somebody asks how to clean ivory. In many instances a good sham
poo is best-
Too True, Alas!
It is Harry's saggestion that we set up a Paragraph of Prohibition Pro
test in 10 point Pabst. but ours is a Pabstless composing room. So this
is in near brevier, which sounds enough like a blending of beer and bevo.
Ask the Suffragette
Now that "Big Bill" Haywood has a valet, it seems almost certain
that Miss Christabel Pankhursts delightful theory of economic revision
upward is a workable one. The only thing to worry about cow is how
to make the theory fit the valet.
Hot Shots
Dear "Hank" P. Two weeks ago I ate at your place and can truth
fully say that I have not eaten since.
Every little betel has a Hoover of its own.
Easel (Exempted) Ford hes been placed on papa's payroll at $150,000
a year, all cf which goes to show that a rich man's son can make good
if be has pluck and preseverance.
Long before the prohibition movement started most of tbo editorial
pages went dry.
Wbat has become of the old fashioned reporter who felt so hunii
lated when Lis papr as scooped that he "went out and got drunk."
iTobably quit at the end of the Fizzcal year. June 30th.
I"it.Id uibltd tiu; teas, and Earlesoa seized the tables.
S.F. BUTTER PRICES CHICAGO BB. zmGiantsWill 7Vam;TEXAS TO CALIF AIR'
UKUF 10 CENTS IN WEEK TO TRAIN IN CALIFORNIA;7" Texas Town'jum IN PROGRESS.1
HUUKAY, BISBEt.liEXT
(Br Review Leased Wire)
SAX FRANCISCO. Jan. 23. Butter
dropped to 50 cents wholesale in the
local market today, a decline of 4
cents since yesterday and 10 cents
since the first of the week.
CHICAGO, an. 3 Definite an
nouncement was made tonight that
the Chicago National league club will
do its s
pring training at Pasadena
players will leave
CaL The
March 20. The players will spend 16
days .on the coast.
POLISH SITUATION
NOW menacing!
'CATTLEMEN DONATE
BIG. SUM TO RED CROSS
DENVER. Jan. 23. Cattlemen con
tributed Jt3.S43 to the American Red
LONDON. Jan. 23. ( Via Montreal.) Cross today, through auction of a herd
The entire situation in Poland isjor 1-0a3 heifers, auctioned at the Den-jter. Mrs. Harriet Woodrow Welles of
very difficult, according to the Polish Ter stock show by Red Cross chapters this city. She was TT vears old.
viewpoint. .Eastward the Germans are I of Wyoming and Colorado. The big-j Mrs. Wocdrow was the wife of the
fallinsr back and it is said are hand- Eesl Ten of Red Cross feeders came ! brother of President Wilrn- mmtr
merly director seceral of civilian r-
for the American Red Cross, it
! was announced totrs-fct br the na
tional inrestivnitHra bureau.
The inquiry by Mr. Persons, the
staiemrnt added, has the ryrovI cf
tBr Review Le.se,! Wire! t JWIKeM. He Will Sill
NEW YORK. Jan. 23. The New DEL RIO. Tex.. Jan. 2 Three air-' Januar - nd bd abroad abont three
York National lea.sue baseball team i Planes ' &e squadron flying from! mo!nhs- Th veu organiiatkms
i wul train at Gainesville. Fla.. next ! "ouston to the Pacific coast arrived ifuuiea m me recent war
I snrir inctoa.-l r Mi;n -r. -.-, ! here trwlav (mm U-&1K- t;n o 'work campatsn will not be included
nereis, ,,, -,, s mnin Th -., ... . m the iaouirr.
. n f lui a x n.-t.TiMitr ears, i nvw ou .auluijui -
. I . t it. rv.i.1 .... . . . ..... ...
it was announced tonight. was made m 73 minutes. The squad-; . txpjaiceu. wia
ron is in need of a new propeller and wirK w ,u'4 ro-operaiioa witn th
i has ordered it shipped from San n- J rgsnlntion with a view to susjest
1 tonio. f ns improvement of their work. Ha
iwitl also strey the aeneral European
SIR DAVID BEATTY j relief situation to find out what re-
COMMANDtn public in the next tew months.
AUNT OF MR. WILSON
DIES IN DENVER, COLO.
Sr Review Lea?t T'jre
DENVER. Jan. 23. Mrs. Helen StCl
Woodrow. aunt of President Wilson:
idled tonight at the home of her dauph-
ing over arms and ammunition to the I from El Faso county, Colorado, there
holsheviki and are not permitting the being 121 in the lot. The average
Poles to take suitable measure forjPrice was $15.50 a hundred.
their own defense against the bol-!
sheviki. It is asserted also that Ger- COMPTROLLER OF CURRENCY
man troops are being sent from the in-! SQUEALS OVER NEWS STORY
terior of Germany with the object of
(Ry Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23. Comptrol
ler of the Currency Williams today
gave out a statement charging an un-
for
pro
moting propaganda against the re
nomination of Mr. Williams when his
term expires February 2. This cor-
somewhat disorganized, partly owing i respondent, said the comptroller, sup
to the trouble in Petrograd and to the i Plid material for articles criticUing
recent disaster thev suffered at the comptroller to the New York Trib-
Perm. one. Wall Street Journal and papers in
Boston and Louisville. Ky, and else-
DFNVTR VOf AIM where. Mr. Williams made public the
JAwtVX Vt V . text or a memorandum which he said
CUItlMirS SUICIDE VIA tiis correspondent had written for a
fighting the Poles. It is declared that j
Ukrainians to the number of 30.000
have attacked the Poles in the vicin-1
itv of Lembere. It is believpd that ' '
Ukrainians desire to obtain possession i naiael Washington correspondent
of the disputed territory before the a EuHato. 2. newspaper with
decision of the peace conference can
be promulgated.
In Estbonia the bolsheviki appear '
and sister of General Joslfua Sill, after
whom Fort Sill. Okla.. was named.
ESTHONIANS CONSENT
TO APPEAR AT CONFERENCE
Ry Review Lea.oed Wlrel
LONDON. Jan. 23. Admiral Sir
David Beany, according to a dispatch
to the Westminster Gaaette from
Rosythe. will soon give up the com
mand of the British grand fleet and
come to London as first lord of the
admiralty. The present first sea lord
!s Admiral Sir Rosslyn Weyniss.
Women who are losing
.weight and energy who
look pole and feel languid
need the healthful effects of
ny Review Leased Wire)
PARIS, Jan. 23. By the Associated
Press.) Charles R. Pusta, represent
ing the Tsthor.ian government at the
peace conference, said tonijcht that
the Esthonians were ready to send
delegates to the Prince islands to
give their views to the powers, but
that they wish to maintain the right
to put forward the same views at the
peace conference in Paris, from whichi
they expect definite satisfaction of;
tfceir claims.
INVESTIGATION TO BE MADE
OF CHARITY FUNDS FOR EUROPE
NEW YORK. Jan. 23 Investigation
as to the manner in which war char-t
ity funds provided by the American j
public are expended in Europe by ?
more than 100 organisations will bej
conducted by W. Frank Persons, for-i
Pflls
Lrtt 5U mt Am Mfci. IV Warta.
Sold mcik, la hra, !Ov ZS.
AMERICAN AMBASSADOR
FROM JAPAN TO SIBERIA
TOKIO.
Revu-w Leased Wire
Wednesday, Jan. 22. (By
f.AC STflVr POTrTT':fcaner bose institution had been
UUva M..mpiiuuns;uie .ssociaieu tTess.) Koland S.
effice for "unlawful practices" outlin-j Morris, the American ambassador to
ing a pian ior a compaign against the
i tnuminauun oi -ir. vt uiiams.
Norborne T. N. Robinson. Washing-
(Fty Review Leased WIr-
DENVER. Jan. 23. Mrs. Mary
Kirkwood. business woman of Den-
in the kitrhen cf her home here to-!!on correspondent of the Buffalo Even-
day by a maid. The gas burners in
the kitchen range were found open.
She was secretary of the Women's
ing News, who said he was the cor
respondent to whom Mr. Williams re
ferred, issued a statement tonight de-
Denver county council of defense and.31'. thal h nad sought "part icipa-
had been ilL Sh vr m WH la a puoucuy camj-aign against
LIBEL SUIT AGAINST
Japan, left here this mornins for Si
beria. Mr. Morris will travel by way
of Korea and Harbin. Manchuria.
Mr. Williams," and charging that the
j comptroller used his official position
;to obtain information which he was
S. F. EDITOR DISMISSED BsiQS to "farther bis personal ends,"
By Review Leaded Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 23. Dis
missal of the criminal libel suit
brought against Fremont Older, edi
tor of the San Francisco Call, bv John
BOLSHEVIKI LEADERS AIMS
WEAKENING, LACK OF CASH
A dispatch from Tokio January 14.
credited Tokio newspapers with the i
assertion that Mr. Morris would soon
go to Siberia in connection with the
railroad situation in that country,
which at the time was in a chaotic
condition.
SIX SAILORS LOSE
LIFE IN HEAVY SEA !
I By Keview Lase vTtre) '
SEATTLE. Wash.. Jan. 23. Six!
members of the crew of the five-mast-!
ed British schooner Janet Carruthers,
are believed to have lost their lives
(By Review tid Wire
LONDON. Jan. 23. Nikolai Lenine.
5 ;n K ; j-t--" u;annn w i uu m- iww.v wuea inev attempted to
rine, speaking recently before the Mos- reach" shore in a lifeboat at the en
cow soviet, confessed that the bolshe-' trance to Grays Harlw. Wash., when
viki resime is bankrupt, especially re- J the schooner was driven aground in
garding industrial production, finance the breakers. Captain Carney and oth
and ood. acoording to a Helsingfors er members of the crew succeeded in
dispatch to the Mail. j reaching safety. One of the worst
They said experts from the middle storms in years is sweeninc tho Grav
class were invited to co-operate with Harbor countrv.
. the Soviets. A similar invitation has
that Older had defamed him in a pub
lished recital of the editor's personal
experiences was ordered here today
by a police judge.
ENGLISH COAL MINERS'
, STRIKE FINALLY ENDS
LONDON Jan 5? f!3 addressed, the speakers said, tol CALIF. TO FLORIDA
the 147 Yorkshire coal miners who
i intellectuals who have heretofore
ouit work todaT whn th nurr. t. uu' llMr !n reier-
- ' - : nr!
FLYER AT FT. WORTH !
fused to meet their demands, was set-1
tied late today by the coal controller j
try,
to the foreign policy of the coua-
Trotxky is reported to have inti-
-rf H , rrli t k Prepared under certain conditions, to
rl ? S while the mines abandon its internationalist aims and
are under government control. The ttlo v, f il .v"
UCCHI 1U1 LUC
i raise inp nxnnpr nr
men are to return to work Friday. j Husians "
FRENCH TORPEDO BOAT doubt if bolsheviki
STRIKES MINE AND SINKS'
WILL ACCEPT WILSON'S BID
(By Review Leased Wire .
PARIS, Jan. 23 The French tor
pedo boat No. 325 has struck a mine
and sunk off the coast of Tunis.
Eighteen men of the crew are missing.
Torpedo boat No. S25 was lannched
in 1906. The vessel was 122 feet long
and had a speed of 26 knots an hour.
GLADYS BROCKWELL IN
"THE SCARLET ROAD"
If you remember and you do if you
have ever seen it 'The Devil's
Wheel" in which Gladys Brockwell is
featured, the management of the
Eagle theater should have no diffi
culty in persuading you to see her lat
est work. 'The Scarlet Road." today.
The critics and press pronounced
The Devil's Wheel.' one of the best
screen offerings of the day.
In "The Scarlet Road" she is
again seen and to as good ad
vantage as in her last success. Miss
Brockwell is an accomplished screen
actress and in the time that she has
been acting for the silent drama, she
has made thousands of friends and
. (Br Review Leased Wire)
PARIS, Jan. 23. (By the Associateu
Press.) Russian leaders here think
that the decision of the supreme coun
cil of the peace congress to invite bol
shevist leadors to a conference con
stitutes the greatest victory the bol
shevism could ever hope to attain. .
It would not be surprising, however,
if the bolshevists would refuse to par
ticipate in the meeting, they say, us
ing the same "impertinent language"
which they have already adopted in
their communications with President
Wilson.
Sergius Sazonoff. former Russian
foreign minister, and Prince Lvoff.
former premier, are united in their op
position to the plan, insisting that the
non-bolshevist element of Russia
which is largely in the majority there,
will be adversely influenced by the
decision.
TO ERECT LIBERTY HALLS
INSTEAD OF MONUMENTS
(Br Review l.easea TVire)
NEW YORK, Jan. 23. Erection of
"Ubvrty Halls
in every citv instead
millions of admirers for her work in I oi. monumects in memory of the sol-
the photodrama. In her late offering
she verifies the confidence her many
admirers have placed in her and none
will lie disappointed.
FINLAND SENDS DEPUTIES
TO PARIS PEACE CONFERENCE
diers v ho fell in battle was ursed bv
George W. Coleman, publicity repre
sentative of the department of labor,
in an at'dress here tonight on labor
conditions
The building of halls for civic pur
poses. Mr. Coleman asserted, not only
would be a more fitting tribute to the
soldiers who gave their lives, but
would help scle the labor problem by
advantageously using a lare part of
the present labor surplus.
Mr. Coleman sail that the building
industry is about $3.00tUHK.r0 behind
(By Review Leased Wire)
PARIS, Jan. 2JS- The Aland islands,
an archipelago belonging to Finland
in the mouth of the Gulf of Bothnia,
has sent as deputation to raris two
members of the general council of
the archipelaco and M. Sundlom. dep-; a a result of the war.
uty for the Aucd islands to the Fin
nish diet
The deputation expresses itself
strongly against the Finnish govern
ment's treatment of the islands in
sending Military Governor von Kons-
dorff there with Finnish sneakinc
TO MARRY FOR LOVE
GIVES UP HER TITLE
Py Review Leased Wirel
LONDON. Jan. 23 (ia Montreal).
King George has consented to the re-
troops and in treatine the islanders unclallon " iTincess Patricia of
as rebels. The delegation todav ex. jConnaught of both her title of Prin
pressed the bone that thev would find!rVs,s ai,d ner st-vle of Mress as royal
In the teace conference and in Frenrh ! h's :ne!is oa h r marriace r.ext month
" - m .
FT. WORTH. Texas. Jan. 23. Maj.
Theodor C. MacAuley, commanding
officer of Taliaferro field of this city,
making an attempt in a De Haviland
plan to break all ocean to ocean flight
records, arrived at the field here' at
11 a. m. today and left at noon for!
Jacksonville. Fla. On his return from j
San Diego the flyer made Jhe 1400 1
miles m 13 hours' actual flying time.
TO DELIVER GROCERIES
BY AERIAL MAIL
CHARLESTOWN. W. Va.. Jan. 23.
A charter issued today to a local
grocery company of Charleston and
Kanawha City authorizing "delivery
of groceries and food nrodurts hv
aerial navigation." is said by Secre-j
tary Young to be the first of the kind j
ever granted in America on request
4050 HUNS DURING WAR '
INTERNED BY GOVT! I
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23 Four thou-i
sand and twenty enemy aliens ere in
terned by the United States during the V
war. the department of justice todav : I
informed the house immigration coin- j
niittee. hich is considering a bill
authorizing the deportation of these'
persons. Twenty-two hundred of them
were merchant aeamen and the
mainder resident aliens.
re-1
OH, GRAPE JUICE
SHADES OF BILL BRYAN.
RANDALL. HOW COULD YOU?'
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23. A bill in
troduced today by Representative Ran
dall of California, prohibitionist, to
define the term "intoxicating liquor"
as used in federal laws, says it means
"containing alcohol in any degree
whatever."
public opinion support suflkient
realize their aspirations.
to
I
Alexander Rain-
brotlu-r of the Earl of Dalhousie.
PIONEER FLYER CALLED
FOR HIS LAST FLIGHT
say.
The princess afrer rer marriage will
w Kiioii as i-auy ratrnia uamsey.
.She win receive a considerable for
tune from the estate of her mother.
the late Duchess of Connaugiit.
NEW YORK. Jan. 23. Harrv s. !
Harkness. only sou of the late Union ppRc,AK! c-pcd .wc '
V. Harkness. standard oil millionaire. , E?n paR S FOR PEACE Iar-EY '
died of Spanish influenza at his home j Paris FOR PEACE PARLEY j
here tonight Mr Harkness was own-1 ,nv Keview Lea.j wire J
er of the sheens head Piy speedway. TOl'LO.W Jan. 23 ( llavas). A Per-'
where he promoted automobile racins. jan tnisi,ii. consisting i f seven 1
He was a pion.t-r aviator and had niemh, r and including the miniver,
made many fli-htv He is sunheditil ion icu tit fairs, arrived here vector-'
by his widow. 'day ou the French battleship DidcroL
Scgar-SaYing Desurts
TsSf-JtU make instant daswita
which ara rich aad trnity.
It cornea teady-at tenad.
The Creit-caada flavors com In
liquid form, in viala. So thy kp
their fresh-trait tast.
On packag eree aiz profit
in mold form, or 12 if yoa whip tb
jelL So the Inacioo d ita
x also ccontaaicmL
Get it today. Try Loganberry
er Pineappl fiaror. Se what it
means to you.
2 PmcllMf fc SS Cwtl
At Ymmr Cnctr't
J;ffyJeII W&cketha. Wieon
LSI.
D
PAY CASH-PAY LESS
Granite Lunch Pails
81c
ID
ANGIUS
1
PURE FOOD GROCER
WHERE YOU CAN DO BETTER
Phone 29
U. S. Fesd Administration License No. G-tfit03
Copper Qaccn Hotel and High-Class Cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices,
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER-
The Corporation Commission does not recommend the stocks, bonds or
other securities offered for sale by this nor any other company. TUls
clause is required by commission on all stock adv. in Aruoua)
"When ycu ha-e waited to see how a stock pans out,
you will have to pay a premium on it and will have lost
the biggest advance on its value" This is one of those
sage epigrams of Jay Gould, that have enriched the lit
erature of business It was spoken a generation ago,
but the wisdom in it goes marching on It will quicken
the wise investor and prompt him to take stock with the
United States Oil & Refining Co.
at 20c per Share
NOW Just on the eve of the resumption of drilling.
All material for a new derrick, a standard drilling rig.
casing, etc.. have been secured and the Manager of the
Company leaves tomorrow tc direct "the work on the
Company's PROVEN property in the Bowie Field.
Mark that word PROVEN A stratum of high-grade
paraffin base oil sands already pierced, justifies its use.
Sit up and watch this 20 cent stock move UP while the
drill moves DOWN. Both movements will be swift and
sure The drill at 23 to AO feet a day; the stock well,
its up to you to watch the stock, but buy a telescope
and get into the grand stand at 20 cents before the rush.
P- S. Yesterday a bill was introduced in the Arizona
Senate providing a bonus of $1 0.000.00 to the first com
pany or individual that will biing in a 50 barrel cil well, j
It is bound to pass.
WE ARE GOING TO GET THAT TEN THOUSAND
DOLLARS. WATCH US.
Buy now. there is only a limited amount at 20 cents.
Tonkin & Caulficld
Sassos
l
Collins ck Bretherton
Jacks Bid-.
I
V THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1919.
FIVE
i
J
i
4
i
i
i
1
i
I
i
i
4
REVEVV WANT ADS
Advertisements under tfus head at the rate ol 1 cent per 'word for each
issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. Advertisements must reach
The Review office not later than S p. m. lor insertion the next morning.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Experienced help for tail-
oring. Only first class tailoress need I
apply. Must understand the work, j
Fruitman's
Fashion shop. Main
;3 I
street.
Positions Wanted
t
WANTED Position as chauffeur by ; FOR SALE Twelve room apartment j Xeb., in an interview, recently, 'Tan
on' all-around auto mechanic. First j house completely furnished. Price , . . . ..
class references. Address Box 662. reasonable. 163 Opera Drive. Phone ,ac 13 domg more sood an-v medl'
Bisbee. 10 j Blue Til. 134 ' 1 naTe ever known in my time,
Lost
LOST White female Spitz dog. right
eve out- W. W. Forwood, 1S3 Tem-
l- avenue. Reward. 124 i
LC3T Package with yoke and crepe
chine in Fair store. Return- to
Fair store. Reward. 122 j
LOST High, topped fur lined glove.:
Return to Reese, traffic officer. 131 ;
t- J; i
Finder please return to P. O. Box
RiL, for reward. 5S 1
For Sale
i
FOR SALE Sixteen room rooming !
house, completely furnished. Apply
Hogan & Seed- Phone 10. -125
FOR SALE Five room house and-
bath, furnished or unfurnished. A.
Whitmer. Douclas street. Warren.
Part cash.
123
FOR SALE Ford touring car, A-l con-
diticn, cheap. At Ford Garage, John
son addition- 60
FOR SALE One four room house
Gypsun block house. Douglas street,
fifth house from Warren depot
Owcer home from 5 to 7. 55
FOR SALE A piano, 5225; a refiger
ator, 516; rug, 5-0; gas range, 530.
Call 23 Montana street, Johnson ad
dition. 99
"FOR SALE One five and one four
burner electric light fixture and two
small ones. J. N. Craig, corner
Campbell and Congdon streets. War
ren. Call before 9 or after 4. 96
FOR SALE Six room furnished
house. Black Nob 6treet, Warren,
51500 will handle this. W. R. Johnson-
" 27
FOR SALE Furniture for five room
house. 62 A Brewery Gulch. SI
rr7- Trr,
my nouseao.u
FOR SALE Will sell
goods, five rooms complete
f j
ouk and of A-l quality, if taken as
they stand. Buyer has privilege of
renting house, one of best in city ;
and -eery desirable location, garage .
with house.' Address, G. E. X, care
Review. dh-tf
rnt! "o.tt- T,t, !
FOR SALE Furniture for 24 rooms.
five two-room apartments, 14 sleep-
5 c... -,-.-,..'
u.., hus
house, opposite city park cn Brew-,
ery avenue. Mrs. George N. Wolfe.
809
FOR SALE Two lots on Oregon
Ktrpfet one on Chicago aveniif Io-
weiL Johnson addition, each 30x60 :
feet. Address M. J. Greenan, Oak-1
land, Calif, General delivery. 875 1
FOR SALE Uncalled tor suits. M.iFOR RENT Two nicely furnished j
Levin LowelL Ariz. 537 I housekeeping rooms. 12 Jiggerville. ;
: : ;
FOR SALE Chevrolet five passenger, I
mi -r- r t i:MJ.FOR RENT Furnished room for two i
Auto Upholstery & Paint shop, Lo-!
, l-'"ulslcr' " jra,ul
FOR SALE Jersey cow.
gie Daniels, Cochise.
Apply Mag-
?n
FOR SALE Eight rooms good furni
ture. Good rent proposition. Fourth i
house north old school, Warren. 22 '
FOR SALE OR RENT Four room
ouuse, arren, guuu lucauua, urse j
lot; or will rent for six months to ;
responsible party. J.( L. Winters, 1
Lowell. 119 1
FOR SALE Handsomely furnishea
four room house in Warren. - $500
cash,, balance monthly payments.
Box 7?2. Warren. 116
FOR SALE What tools and stock
that I own in the city blacksmith
shop. Jason Clement. 106
FOR SALE Five rooms good furni-
ture ia Warren. Reasonable rent. '
Phone 176 after 7 p. m.
109
FOR SALE Six room furnished
houae, cabin, sheds, good invest
ment, terms. Also cement house,
large lot. W. R. Johnson. Black
Nob street. Warren.' 112
FOR SALE Lots 6 and 7. block G,
Don Luis. W. R Johnson, Warren.
113
FOR SALE Furniture for two room
house. Buyer can rent house at 514
a month. 160 Opera Drive. Ill
Miscellaneous
OPPORTUNITY Party with small
capital to handle exclusive agency.
Big money. Box X, Review. 61
COSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
From 52 up. All corsets carefully
fitted. Incs Warburtos. next Ari
zona Greer store, upper Main. iZZ
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. School. Los
Angeles,"--about Auto, Radio. Com-,
merciai and Engineering .courses.
Train for service. 238
SCECOXD HAND CLOTHES Bought.
Tlione 733. City Dye Works. C04 j
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per-1 Administrator of the Estate of Wil
sonal note In salaried l ien and wo- I liam Cerstenlter?- Di-ceascd. i
men, also cm furniture. Cox Loan
company,
building.
Room 7. Sparks
Kline
166
For Rent
FOR REXT Two housekeeping
rooms. Apply next to Hayes house.
Tombstone canyon.
139
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE For fur-
nuure or small property. Overland
car. Country Club model.
Call 136
132
Opera Drive,
jtUK ""'T.rf IUnllSr -''
FOR REXT Nicely furnished house.
! six rooms, bath, two porches. Suit-
i able for two families. Apply Mrs.
j C. H. Odam. 107 Higgins hilL 130
FOR RENT Seven room unfurnished
house, Navajo trail. Warren.
& Seed. Phone 10.
Hogan
129
poR
RENT Three rooms. $15. 90
Chicago avenue, Johnson addition.
12S
FOR RENT Three room furnished
,tT iTd
son addition. 136
I FOR RENT Large furnished house-
keeping, sleeping or batching rooms.
' u d, t --1 ifT
FOR RENT Boarding house furnish-
ed. Call after 4 p. m. 162 Temby
avenue. Phone 491. 135
FOR RENT Two rooms partly furn-
ished. 1ST Naco road. Holbrook
stop.
13S
FOR RENT Furnished rooms. Broad-
way rooming bouse.
127
FOR RENT Nicely furnished four
room house in Warren. Renter must
buy the furniture therein. Phone
74S. 133
FOR RENT New three room furnish
ed house. Mrs. Winwood, Win
wood addition. 57
FOR RENT Nicely furnished room
for gentlemen, one block up from
ball park. Warren. Mrs. H. F. Ny-
berg.
FOR RENT Garage, 55 month- Ap
ply David Playfair, 9S Mason hill.
Phone Blue 647. 97
FOR RENT Two or four furnished
" housekeeping rooms. 14 Laundry
hill, Shearer. S6
FOR RENT Sleeping rooms, Belmont
Lou, back of Fair store. 75
FOR RENT Two rooms, housekeep-'
v v:-.- ic j tj-
iiiS ui uaiLutag. itg .di.u iuau, iiw-
orooK stop. -l
FOR bNT Four rooms and bath,
concrete house. No children- L. R.
Locklin avenue. S60 !
;
FOR RENT Large office room, good j
- IocaUon- APPlv to M- c- HiBh, real j
e3tate Office. Allen block. 575
.
rT tx-t- t f o -
Uuxu
221 Brophy avenue. 117
FOR
RENT Two rooms for light-;
housekeeping. Mrs. Lewis, around i
Castle Rock. 118 !
FOR RENT Furnished room suitable ;
for two genUemen. No. 80 Upper
Lowell- 105
114
gentlemen in private family, corner
0f curve and Oak streets, across
from convent.
115
r
FOR
RENT Nicely furnished front
room. 14 Brooks apartments, O. K. ;
street. 120 '
Wanted
WANTED TO BUY Linoleum, chairs '
I
and davenport. X X. Review. 121
WAXT ED Gentleman, 36, wants'
room and board in widow's home.
I close in. S. T. V., Review. 108
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
In the Superior Court in the County or
Cochise, State of Arizona.
Estate of Milo S. Frankovich, de
ceased. Notice is hereby given by the
undersigned, administratrix of the
estate of Milo S. Frankovich, de-
ceased, to the creditors of and all per-
sons havinff claims against the said !
dt-ceased, to exhibit them, with the
necessary voucners witnin iour i
months after the first publication or
this notice to the said administratrix
at the office of Hon. Fred Sutter, at
torney at law, Bisbee, Arizona, the
same being the place for the transac
tion of the business of said estate, in i
said County of Cochise.
ETTA M. MEDIGOVICH, I
Administratrix of the Etate of Milo S
Frankovich, Deceased.
Dated this 26th day of December,
1918.
First publication December 27, 1918
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
In the Superior Court in the County
of Cochise, State of Arizona.
Estate of William Gerstenberg. de
ceased. Notice is hereby given by the
undersigned, administrator of the
estate of William Gerstenberg. de
ceased, to the creditors of and all per
sons having claims against the eaid
deceased, to exhibit, with the neces
sary vouchers within ten (10) months
after th first publication of this no
tice to the said administrator at the
office of Hon. Fred Sutter, attorney
at law. Bisbee, Arizona, the same be
ing the place for the transaction of
the business of paid estate, in said
County of Cochise.
P. M. BUCK WALTER.
i
Dated this 26th day of December
151 S.
Firtt publication Dcceouber 27, 11)18-
"I'LL PRAISE IT THE
LONGEST DAY I LIVE"
Mrs. Robbins Restored By
Tanlac, After Suffering
Thirty Years
"Talking about things that help
people." said Mrs. P. H. Robbins of
1443 South. Fourteenth street. Omaha.
and I m now past 6vr years of age.
1SS3, nearly 30 years ago now."
; she continued, "when la grippe first
came aiong and so many people were
having it, I had an attack of it my
self and nave had it in some form or
otner from once to twice & year ever
since. The first spell left me in a
badiy weakened condition and I would
no sooner recover from one attacK
than I would be pulled down again.
The doctors at that time called u
"rheumatic grippe' and I had acnes and
pains all through my body, in all my
lUDOS ana muscies- inree ears a 1
had one of these speils wnich as
. . , . ... . .
Tk "", 1
orst headaches it seems anyone
could have and I was badly rundown
and frightfully weak. 1 couldn't sleep
well for all those 30 years. My ap-
petite was poor, I lost 20 pounds in
weight and just had to drag myself
around. I was hardly ever without
some kind of an ache or pain, and
the past spring I was in such a bad
fix that we couldn't keep house, so 1
went to my daughters. My husband
went to boarding and where he board
ed he heard of a remarkable case like
mine, that had been relieved by Tan
lac. "Then he went straight to Sherman
& McConnell's drug store and got two
bottles, one for me and one for him
self, as he was in very bad health, too.
Well, 1 showed some improvement on
the first bottle and kept on getting
better slowly. My appetite came
gradually, and my strength came back
a little each day. My aches and pains
wore away and I got to sleeping bet
ter. When we would see one bottle
getting low we would hurry to get an
other and since I finished my sixth
bottle I'm feeling better and more like
myself than I have in years, . With all
the sickness and "flu' epidemic that's
going over the country I'm feeling
stronger and better than I ever did.
We are keeping house again now, and
I eat well, sleep well, do all my house
work and feel fine all the time. I am
taking Tanlac with the Tanlac Tablets
jsnin nnw to teen irt sham fnr the
' '
" - .tiim.iij -com6 iu
numanity ana nas aone so mucn lor
my husband and me that I will praise
it the longest day I live."
Tanlac Is sold in Bisr-ee by J. M
Ball in DoUgias by Douglas Drug com
pany. in Paradise by G. A. Walker, to
Bowie by Bovrie Drug company. In San
Simon by B. Cooke. In Wilcox br
. , ,.. '. , T ' ! ,
A. A. Nicholson, in Lowell by Lowell
;d company, in Benson by C. F
1 ii: .".! V " . .
! Moss Pharmacy, in Gleescn by B. A.
Taylor, in Warren by Warren Pharm-
acv. m .rearce Dy a. a. layior, in
Tombstone by Boyd's Drug store, and
in ilc.Neal by McXeal Mercantile com-
pany
(ANOTHER
BODY BLOW
FOR JOHN BARLEYCORN
(By Review Leased Wir)
SANTA FE. N. M., Jan. 23. Gov. O.
A. Larrazolo today signed the resolu-
ticn passed by the house Triday and
! senate Monday ratifying the national
prohibition amendment.
WW
"The answer to the problem of shoe
wear lies in the use of Neolin Soles"
so savs H. L. Evans of Steubenville,
Ohio."
"For five months." says Mr.Ev2ns,"I
have been wearing the same pair of
Neolin-soled shoes at my work at the
La Belle Iron Works and they are
good for two months more wear. As
my work takes me to all parts of the
mill daily where I have to walk over
cinders, slag, etc., it is simply out of
the question to buy anything else to
take the place of Neolin Soles."
You too and your whole family will
find Neolin-soled shoes wear Iohr and
so save money. You can get them in the
styles you like at almost any good shoe
store. And any repairman will re-sole
your worn shoes with Neolin Soles
scientifically made to be durable, com
fortable and waterproof. Thoy are
made by The Goodyear Tire & Rubber
Company, Akron, CIuo. who also make
Wingfoot II?els guaranteed to out
wear any other heels.
j lleolin Soles
i
'"bloodIowiko
HamCn's Wizard Oil a Saf First Aid Treafanea:
'How often lockjaw and blood
poisoning result from the ncclecl
of a slight scratch or little cut! Ham
tin's Wizard Oil is a safe and effec
tive first aid treatment. It is a pow
erful antiseptic and should be ap
plied immediately to wounds of this
kind to prevent danger of infection
It is soothing and healint? and
quickly drives out pain and inflam
mation in cases of sprains, bruises,
cuts, burns, bites and stings. Just a;
reliable, too, for stiff neck, sore feet
cold sores, canker sores, earache and
toothache.
Get it from druggist? for 30 cents.
If not satisfied return the bottle and
get your money back.
Ever constipated or have sick
headache? ut trv Wizard l.iver
Whips, plea-ant little pink pills, ol)
ccnU. CiUdfciutecd.
CUT YOUR SHOE BILLS
WITH HUN SOLES
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
MW YORK. Jan. 23. Among trad-
i crj end speculators on the stock ex-JU.
change today a more hopeful senti-
ncnt prevailed, althoujrn there was in-
creasing lealization that the course of
the securities market is largely de-
pendent upon impending industrial
monetary conditions.
The tense foreign labor situation
found an echo in affairs at home es-
pecially as affecting the textile trade.
but the trend of money offered hope
of further relaxation of rates for time
funds.
Details of the new British loan have
alreadv been discounted bv the forma
tion of a powerful banking syndicate
to underwrite that offering.
The weekly statements of the Bank
of England was interesting, in that It
recorded the first large contraction of
gold holdings by that institution in
many months, offset, however, by in
creased liability reserves.
The stock market scarcely warrant
ed detailed comment, apart from the
activity and strength of rails after
their rectnt reaction.
Shippings, especially Marine pre
ferred, also leathers and seme of the
inactive food specialties. Including
Lantornia racking, were unusually
prominent and strong in the final
facur. when rails, oils and steels were
inclined to forfeit much of. their ad
vance. United States Steel showing a
small net loss. Sales amounted to
435.000 shares.
Bonds were irregular, but 'rails mad-?
up part of their recent losses in
strength of stocks. Liberty issues
aased slightly end foreign bonds con
Jnued to harden. Total sales, par
alue, aggregating $11,325,000.
Old United States bonds were un
changed on call.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Jan. 23. Notwithstand
ing that under heavy liquidation and
speculative selling today, all deliver
ies of corn except January touched
.he lewest prices yet this season, the
larket rallied owing largely to refusal
;f farmers and packers to accept bear
ish views. The market closed nervous.
jc net lower to 54c advance, withi
February 51-29W to 51.29'i and May
51-231 to $1.23. Oats finishel V
eff to ss up and provisions varying
I'rom 50c decline to a rise of 10c
An avalanche " of selling orders
struck the corn market in the first
hour, apparently influenced by talk
.hat corn prices had to be judged in
elation to world industrial and econ- iron Caps
mic conditions. Shorts rushing ton. Verde
natch profits forced a series of up-!yJimi Coner
turns. Meanwhile.- scantiness of coun-1 Macma Chief
try offerings were taken to indicate j Miami "Cou
hat rural holders were defiant. It ; Mines of America
was said also that government allot- j Okmulgee
ment of provision orders to packers J Porphyrv ... .1..
were suiiicieui n laive care vi aug
supp;:cs up to r coruary s.
Oats with corn, touched new low
Levels for the season.
Packers bought provisions freely on
all declines.
METAL MARKETS.
XEW YORK, Jan. 23 Lead Un
changed. Spelter Unchanged.
COTTON MARKET.
XEW YORK. Jan. 23. Cotton
closed weak at a net loss of 120 to
196 points.
Closing quotations January 23. 1919.
(L. J. Overiock, Broker)
NEW YORK
Anaconda
Amn. Cun
Amn. Car
Amn. Loco ,
AiuO. Smelter
' f
4ti f
90
. ,
jS.f
Amn. Sugar l"!TitH r.c ,.
Crucible
Baldwin
C. & O
C. F. & I
Canadian Pacific
Central Leather
Crucible
Distillers
Erie
Goodrich -
General Motors
Ind. Alcohol
I.
1 s
'-.,
i
r, ,.
51s-
5S
, .1-1 ,
99
"IM"UU1 ". Is
63
.t " - , itr
Marine pfd 102
Mi..va!r . . .il -
lexican retroieum 1047s
VP ?
Northern Pacific
Reading ,
Rubber
Republic Steel
7S
75
,.-
Ptudebaker 47
aieei com
S9Ts I
St. Paul
Southern Pacific . .
Sinclair Oil
Texas Oil '. ...
97-S
33s
is
'.2
DON'T ENDURE RHEUMATIC PAIN!
HERE'S QUICK R&IEF FOR YOU
Step the pain! Give me relief! That's
what jou var.t when you'ra hurt.
That's what you pet trith Sloan's Lini
ment. It not or.'y "ki'is pain." but docs
it quickly, without delay.
If yon 're tormented by Rhc umatism,
Keuraltria, Sprains, Bruists, P-acLache,
nd body or nerve pain just sec bow
quickly a httle Sloan's Liniment gives
relief. The very first arplicatten rests
and comforts. Seems to reach right
Cc,
LEASED WIRE
Union Pacific
S. M
126 i
44
36
40 -
So
45
S
17
59H
430
32
lTV.
S
76
42
23
75
44
32 U
95
4
3
23 s
3
51
16
10
$s
35
4S
13H
59
20S
13
3
42
70
SU
100
16
IS
15
ls
5
13
16
7s
5
3
H
17
40
48
4S.
13Vi
i3
26
14
United Motors
Westinghouse
BOSTON.
Adventure
Allouez ... .....!
Alaska ! !
Ariz. Com. "17!
BiiUe . 1
A."". " . 1! !" . 1 . 1 " .
c
Chino
I Chile "V "
! e Butte
Granby
G. Can. ..
GolUlield ..
Hancock . ,
Indiana . . .
Inspiration
Kennecott
Keweenaw
Lake ... .
La Salle .
.Miami . . .
Mayflower
Mohawk ..
Xeada
! n. Butte
: Nip
Old Dom "..
Osceol
rond Ck
Quincy
Ray Cou 1
Shattuck
Shannon
Superior Boston
St. Marys
Utah Copper
Utah Con
Winona
CURBS.
A- & A
Ariz. Bins:
Butte & London.
Big Ledge
Cal. & Jer.
Cornelia
jCon. Copper
v. vus, Ariz. .....
Cosden
Cresson
Curtiss
Dean
Dundee
Emma
Federal Oil
Gadsden
Green Monster .
Grand Island ...
Hull
Howe Sound
) Hecla
.
2's
SO
21
167
So
4U
33S
i fjav Here.
Tom Reed
Tucimne .
U. Eastern ...
Verde Ex.
Verde Combp.
Wol. Ariz.
West End ....
White Caps ..
ivi
15
OATMAN.
(y Collins & Bretherton.
Adams 03
Arizona Rex v
Ariz-Tom R. 03
.07
.04
.15
.04
.07
.02
.04
.03
, -15
.04
.06
.12
1.65
4.25
.04
.20
3.00
.50
.15
.94
.04
.4 4
.16
.12
AO
.IS
! Big Jim Con .06
Bundarj. Con;
Gold Ore 03
Gold Road Bon .02
I Gold Cliff
1
i v "
1 Sunnyside 05
! Telluride 10
'United Western 02
i Red Lion
i OTHER CURBS.
! Gadsden 2.S7
I Green Mc-nster 37
' Rlltto I rairinn 11
I Dundee
....... .o.
02
i
.o
w 14
06
i Venture Hiil ..
i Jerome Verde
I Ark-Ar.7f.na
' - ... - -
; Ins-Needles
. jHull Copper ...
i Magma Chief 06
; Magma Chief .
Wolv-Arizona 1.87
Verde Combination 72
jMiami Consoiidated 07
2.0
.73
.10
.16
.50
.40 j
6.00
.so i
.50
.12
Grand Island 14
Verde Squaw
Xacozari Consolidated ...
Con. Cop. Mines 5.S7
Porphyry 50
it Jermoe 44
; Fcather River
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
down to the seat of the trouble, warm
ing and easing the nerves and tissue.
You can almost feel the inflammation,
swelling or stillness subside, as the
pain grow3 less and less.
You don't even have to wait to rub
in Sloan's Liniment. It penetrates, and
its clear, clean liquid can be poured
right on the skin without staining. Get
a generous size bottle from your
druggist today.
60c, ?i-;3.
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternitl order in the Warren District; giving the es
sential facts of each, their meeting uisrhts. their officers and the place of
gathering :11 be fouud under thtir respective headings in thes columns.
BISBE& LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
V r,,'J Meets every Friday
-S night. Moose HalL
Visiting brothers cor
dially inriud.
R. L GLEASON,
Dictator.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets e t e r y
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially InTited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
FRANK WEBSTER. X. G.
LESTER EUSTACE, Sec
PVTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Teinpie No. 3 meets every 2ntt
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall Visiting
sisters are cordially in Tit e.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E C
Phone Black SSI.
IDA GLAZE. XI. of R. C
Box 147&
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
f No. 175. F. O.
and Si Tues-
days, S p. m .
gfW j,5 fcagies- iiau.
d i a 1 1 y wel
come. EDWIN OLLERENSHAW. Pres.
F. C FENDEKSON. Secretary.
C U EDM UN DSON. Aerie Physician
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard L Homestead S3, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at MeiUo
vch hall. Visitln? Archers are cor
uially Invited.
F. W. TURNER. Foreman,
Phone Black 45
P. O. Box 9S1, Warren.
E. D. STIXSOX,
Correspondent Box 1496.
WEEK EXDIXG JANUARY 25. 1319.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
THOMAS HARGIS. W. M.
B. T. WATKIXS, SoeV F. & A. M.
W. R. BANKS. E. H. P.
X. C. BLEDSOE, T. I. M.
J. L. POWELL. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
L. O. U NO. 210.
meets ta t. O
O. F. Hall first
and -third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. rn.
Ylaltlng broth
era cordialb
Invited to at
tend. WM. T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Eox 426. Bisbee,
an dye mm
Geaning & Pressing
Phone 739.
Opp. Y. W. C A.
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry. Etc
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United boan Jewelry Co,
B1SSEE .: BREWERY GULCH
CWcten Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED COIilP'Y
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
r
COOGARl
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
i(C II. HOGAK
f-
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
It
1
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bone Lodxa No. u
Knlghu of Pythta
neta each Tuesday
(except second) tn OdO
V3 'kT Fellows' Hall at T:3e
ir P. ni. Visiting brother
cordially InTited.
JACK CAIN, a C.
W. t McOALLUM. K. Ot R.
"iN'O-
LODGE NO. 671
Rogular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visitius brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALUSOX. Exalter Ruler
C. W. HICKS. Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at ?;St)
p. m., Finnish hall.
D. C. SAXBY. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen ia ited. -
OPOER OF EASTERN STAR
meets tn Masonic hal
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meet
in Masonic Hall seoond and
fourth Tuesdar of eac
ntocth at 7:39 9 m
MRS, HELENA RAG SD ALE. W.
Phone 500.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Sec"y. P. O
Box 2?9. Chairman Relief Com
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Mtets In I O O F
Kali First and Third
Saturdays. V I s 11 ti
brothers welcome.
J. L. .BENTON. Councillor.
P. L, WOODMAN, Jr., Re Secy.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
'.
4 t"--- -'"
S r-F, '7 V Bisbee Lodge No.
iiu nu Satur
days each nionUx
at 7: SO at New
Odd Fellows'
Hall. Visiting members cordially in
vited. JULIA POOLE, President.
Phone 27S.
GEO. POOLE. Treas.. P. O. Box 2229.
HONORA MUNCH, Secretary
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Sj'sn.i Bisbee Camp No. 134U
v-X Meets 1st Saturday
VfT Medigovich HalL
kVCr : S T MOSS
-
A. -F. MATHKWSON
Qerk.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
I PHONE 15.
O K ST.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR -QUALITY AND SERVICE"
A. OWERS. Mar.. Bakerville
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL Ca
Warehouse & OClce, Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 59.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
.JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack BI3g., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129 SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1919.
CITY BRIEFS
Has any one Tisited you? Or hare
you entertained? If so, call The
Eeview Society Editor, Black C3L
! ATTORNEY RETURNS.
! Assbtant County Attorney George
Rourke returned to Douglas Wednes
j dry. V.r Iiourke came here to con-
Miss Pearl Rauerfeind. formerly of j
this city, to J. M. Charles of San An
tonio, Texas, was received here ves-
terday. -Mrs. Charles is well -known in
ouct a tr:ai in which rive men were! the district. The couple will make
charged with violating the new state ; their home in San Antontn wher fr
. DU-fzarii
KARGER here.
A. C. Karger of Tombstone was
visitor iu the district yesterday.
BACK IN DISTRICT.
Pvt. Phillip Littleton has returned
a I to the district from Camp Travis,
1 where he was a member of the 36th,
company. lGSth battalion, depot bri-
and Mrs.
RECORDER HERE. eade. He is the son of Mr.
Ray B. Krets, county recorder, wasjls2e Littleton of Cochise.
In the- city yesterday on business.
Charles is manager of the Staacke Au
tomobile company.
SONS VISIT PARNETS.
John bright, who has been visitin
his parents. Mr. and Mrs.
SERVICE LEflGyEiE?"E!-!:!0D,N
W UAbLtS rAIHtK
WILL e
E FORMED!
The organization of a service league
Thomas! to include in its membership all sol-
right in this city, will leave this I aiers and sailors of the district, prob-
morning for Louisiana, where he is jaciy will take piace Saturday night.
Rlph. Eilinwood, whose capture by
ihj Germans last summer in France
has caused much local solicitation
aboi:t his voiiare. has arrived iu
Paris, Fiance, and soon will be on
1U av t(- the United States, r.ts
conlins to a caalosram received bv
SANDERS BACK HERE.
John E. Sanders, who has been
MRS. SCOTT ILL.
Mrs. John Scott of Warren is re-meinDer r tt United States marine
ported to be quite ill with influenza. ' corps, stationed at Mare Island, CaL,
has arrived here on furlough, prellm-
RETURN FROM EAST. jinary to discharge and expects to make
Mr. and Mrs. John Mason Ross re-nis home here once more.
turned last night from New York,
where they spent several weeks.
MATHEWS OUT.
t T T . 1 . .
. j it-ii juiuevtd ui uon ium, no nas
RETURNS HERE. been unable to get around for the past
Mrs. Johanna Pidwell returned yes-!hree 'weeks on account of a severely
terday from Tombstone, where she ' sprained ankle, was in the city yester-
T-ent" Tuesday on business. iday afternoon. Mr. Mathews expects
i to be able to resume his work soon. "
TOVREA TO PHOENIX. L.
Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Tovrea departed iUASEY back. HERE.
Wednesday night for Phoenix, where
Mr. Tovrea goes on business.
GOFF IS ILL.
Kace Goff of the Shattuck & Ari
zona Mining company offices is ill at
his heme in Tombstone canyon.
James S. Casey, formerly in charge
cf the offices of Ellin wood & Ross in
Tyrone, X. M.. but latterly in the
east, has returned here to make his
home, resuming his position with the
firm of Ellinwood & Ross in this city.
ASSISTANT CLERK ILL.
Harry Anderson, assistant
clerk of the Calumet & Arizona Min
ing company, is quite ill with pneumonia.
(Stationed. His brother. James Wright, A. call has been issued by George B. j his parents. Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Ellin-
who is in the nt -y. is expected to " "cox, late major in the United wood, yesterday. .
arrive here tonignt from New York States army, who returned here re-1 The cablegram was britf and gave
to spend a furlough with his parents, j centlv to resume his position as chief j no details, saying:
He has been on duty convoying troops j watchman for the c. & A. Mining com- j "In Paris; good health; America
to and from Europe, having made sev- j Pany. for a meeting of all those in-' soon."
eral trips to France and Great Britain ! twested in the movement and entitled j News of the release or ycung Ellin
during the term of his enlistment. j to jin Saturday night at 7 o'clock at wood reached, here about ten days
me oana room at the Junction mine, i ago. upon his arrival in Switzerland
i ue nonce issuea cy .Major jxcox
said:
Attention, Discharged Soldiers
LOCAL MAN TRANSFERRED.
C. E. Thain of this city, a member
of the aviation service of the
army, has been transferred from
New York to Salt Lake City,
according to word received here
yesterday by his father. Robert Thain,
of the Cochise Motor company. Young
Thain has been confined to the hos
pital for some time and has not yet
received his release from the physi
cians. He entertains hopes, however,
of soon receiving his release from the
Salt Lake City hospital and his dis
charge from the service.
PUTNAM IS ILL.
E. A. Putnam, general secretary of
the local Y. M. C. A., has been con
fined to his home by an attack of in
fluenza for several days.
SECRETARY IMPROVING.
Jess Puryear. industrial secretarv of
chief the local Youn Men's Christian asso ,
t.tnn, t aa auic iu uc uu l ue mreeis
yesterday. Mr. Puryear had been ill
for two days suffering with an attack
of influenza at his home In Tomb
stone canyon.
BACK IN BISBEE.
John Sharp Williams, for several
years- captain of the guards at the
Arizona state prison, has returned to
Bisbee to make his home.
BADLY SPRAINED ANKLE.
John, the 3-year-old son of Mr. and
Mrs. W. T. Owen, sustained a badly
sprained ankle Wednesday afternoon,
when he fell from a toy automobile.
2ELLNER IN CITY.
Richard Zellner. jr.. of Los Angeles,
who ias been traveling through thl3
state tor several years, representing
his piano house, has arrived in the
city.
LEAVE EXPIRES.
Jesse A. Liggett, U. S. N-. who has
bren spending a leave of absence in
the city, departed Wednesday night
for vallejo, Cal... to resume his duties
there.
WEINER BACK HERE.
Rudolph Werner, formerly represent
ing the Sullivan Machinery company,
with headquarters here, has returned
to Bisbee after being discharged from
the army with the rank of first lieu
tenant of artillery. Mr. Weiner left
Bisbee with tie first draft.
VAGRANCY CHARGE IS
PLACED AGAINST HILL
SULLIVAN HERE.
Sergeant Sullivan of the medical de
partment of the army arrived in the
city yesterday morning from Camp
Travis, San Antonio, Tex. Sergeant
Sullivan was stationed at Camp Fun
ston, Fcrt Riley, Kan., but was sent
t9 the Texas camp for his discharge.
OVER AFTER CARS.
H. H. Page and Harry Weiss of Will
cox were in the city yesterday to
secure from the Bisbee Auto company
two Studebaker cars, which they drove
home
BLACK IS ILL.
Pat Black, blacksmith 1p the ma
chine shops of the Phelps Dodge cor
poration. Copper Queen branch, Is
ill at his home on Mason hill with the
Influenza.
STEWART HAS FLU.
L. L. Stewart, yard clerk at Don
Luis for the El Paso & Southwestern
railroad, -was taken to the Phelps
Dodge hospital yesterday, suffering
from an attack of influenza.
ASSSESOR IMPROVING.
County Assessor E. A. Hughes of
Tombstone, who has been quite ill
with pneumonia, 13 on the road to re
covery, according to reports coming
from the county seat yesterday.
GOES TO GLOBE.
Mrs. George R. Smith departed yes
terday morning for Globe, where she
will visit her daughter, Mrs. W. J.
MacGregor. Mr. MacGregor is man
ager of the Western Union office in
Globe.
MRS. LEONARD VISITING.
Mrs. J. M. Leonard, wife of the late
Lieutenant Leonard, medical corps,
who was killed in France during the
last days of fighting, prior to the dec
laration of the armistice, Is here visit
ing her mother, Mrs, Lmls Brown,
and her brothers in the Warren district
BREAKS ARM.
Willie Day, 15 years old, son of
Mrs. Y. H. Day, Nevada street,
Johnson addition, received a broken
arm Wednesday afternoon when he at
tempted to crank a Ford automobile
owned by the Lowell bakery. The in
Jury was given attention at the Cop
per Queen hospital.
SEVENTEENTH TO MOVE.
W. V. Hill, said by officers to be
best known in Bisbee as a "pool
shark." was arrested on a charge of
vagrancy by the city police and will
be tried this afternoon on that count.
When arraigned yesterday afternoon
Hill entered a plea of not guilty,
His protestations of innocence and
of his intention to work "as soon as
he could find a job" evoked from
Chief of Police James A. Kempton a
tirade against the man in open court.
in the course of his talk Kempton
said what he had to say was aside
from anything that might come up in
connection with the present case, but
he recalled to Hill's mind the fact
that he had been arrested several
months before on a vagrancy charge
ana iinea 520, sentence being sus
pended upon his promising to find em
ployment and support his wife.
"Your wife afterward came to me
personally and told me you were not
supporting her; that you were using
your marriage as an excuse to keep
out of the army and that she was be
ing fed by neighbors while you
gambled and ran around ' with other
women," said the marshal. "I've got
no time for you and I'll tell you right
now that you wiil have to pay that
suspended fine or work 25 days. You
get a job and work for a day or two
and then you loaf and play pool for
awhile. -
Hill said he had written to the
local board and had .his classification
changed 'so he could go into the army,
and also denied that he had failed to
and
The 17th cavalry, stationed for sev- support his wife, saying he had plenty
? fir m nnoTT a thA
-v 1 . ... . . . . '
i-rougias. expects to leave shortly for
a station in the Hawaiian islands.
What regiment will relieve the 17th is
not known, but it Is rumored the 10th
cavalry, whose headquarters now is at
Fort Huachuca, will be sent to the
Smelter City.
ATTEND BENEFIT MEETING.
W. H. Webtser, assistant superin
tendent; J. G. Dietrich, chief clerk.
and James H. Barrett, foreman tin
smith with the reduction works of the I Paid a fie of $15.
Phelps Dodge corporation. Copper;
wueen orancn, at Douglas, were in the
city yesterday, to attend the meeting
of the Employes' Benefit association,
held during the day.
at the time referred to
Kempton only reiterated that neigh
bors who had given the wife food and
the wife herself had come to him with
their story and he was convinced they
told the truth.
Judge Hogan set Hill's bail bond at
$100, remanding him to custody of the
police in default of that amount.
Two men pleaded guilty to infrac
tions of the automobile speed law and
paid fines of $5 each. A Mexican
charged with disturbing the neace
PLANS TO LEAVE.
Gus Hickey, a resident of Cochise
county for more than 30 years and a
large property owner here, has an
nounced his intention of selling his
HEADQUARTERS WILL
BE ESTABLISHED HERE
With the arrival of E. P. Ridgely
In Bisbee, it has become known that
a new automobile concern, to he
COUNTRY CLUB HOSTESSES.
The hostesses ct the country clubirrocery
tomorrow for the benefit of the per
manent blind fund, will be Mrs. Jos
eph Irving and Mrs. Cleon Knapp.
The 2 o'clock car will make the trip;
tO the Cl'Jb. . Inarv 1"
mcai interests in 1 tge near future and j known as the Tri-County Nash com-
Bi"s wu, iai., wnere ne nas pany, nas been formed and will main
tain Its headquarters here. It Is the
a beautiful residence, to live. Mr.
Hickey is engaged in disposing of his
stock
intention of the concern to erect its
nu iwiii reaiiT bow- own DUliainar. a hanrtsAmo nra
ings at the present time. ithe site for this structure h not
been chosen.
MARRIED IN TEXAS. The Tri-County Nash company will
Announcement of the marriage Jan- deal in Nash cars, all of whtr-h
Juary 12 in Corpus Christi, Texas, of "sixes" and trucks of the same make.
AGLE T
TODAY
uric A HP 1C ID)
1 11 ICiiX
Continuous, 1 TO 11 TODAY
WM. FOX PRESENTS
GLADYS BMOCEWELL
IN THE S-ACT PRODUCTION
The Scarlet IRoad"
If you remember Gladys Brockwell, in the "DEVIL'S WHEEL," you will not hesitate
to see her latest play in which she equals her work in the "DEVIL'S WHEEL." Also,
HAROLD LLOYD COMEDY, "Kicked Out"
Admission:
Music by Gribble's Orchestra
Children, 10c; Adults, 15c; This includes the war tax.
Coming Sunday THEDA
IBARA
in "WHEN A
WOMAN SINS"
Sailors of the United States
and Navy:
Comrades, the duties and service
for which you were called to arms, are
over. You are now about to take up
the duties and responsibilities of civil
life, and those duties properly perform
ed, will be of as much benefit to the
government and your immediate com
munity as those you have just con
cluded, in the military service.
In order that the soldiers and sail
ors of the Warren district may be
come better acquainted, and that we
may hetter work in harmony for the
best interest of our community and
for the protection and welfare of the
returning soldiers and their families,
I believe we should organize a camp
here at once, and later we can join
the national organization, which will
surely be formed as soon as the boys
return from over the seas.
In order that there may be no delay
in the formation of a local camp, I re
quest all sailors and soldiers in this
district, who have been honorably dis
charged, to meet at the Junction band
room located at the Junction mine at
7 o'clock p."m., Saturday, January 25,
1919. ' ;
, GEO. B. WILCOX,
Late Major U. S. Army.
I jsii, upon nis arrival in "Switzerland,
j Since thr.t time jmtil the cable mos
I sage of yesterday, nothing had been
J-eard of his whereabouts. Presum-
rmy ablv. from the tone
has been assigned to a transport which
eaves France soon and under those
conditions should not be more than a
fev weeks in reaching P.isbee. The
your. a: ex-prisoner or war doubtless
v. ill l?ave a story of consuming inter
est to his relatives, friends and the
public at larse to tell about German
prisons, as 'well as his personal ad
ve:.tnes in the army and in the land
cf the Hun.
LOGALSPORTSFEEL
SURE OF WARM BOUT
When Dago Joe, the Pacific coast
middleweight ' wrestler, meets Manuel
Archer of Mexico, who claims the
heavyweight championship of the
southern republic, and is known in
the southwest as a handy man on the
mat, some warm action is anticipated
by the sport lovers of the district. The
bout takes place Monday evening at
the Grand theater.
BANKERS AND CLERKS
BEAT SURVEYORS TEAM
A spirited basketball game in which
considerable "pep" was shown was
played at the Young Men's Christian
association gymnasium last, night
when the Surveyors went down in de
feat before the crack team of the
Bankers and Clerks. The score was
4S to 9.
The next game will be played next
Saturday night between the Has-Beens
and the Surveyors.
and working lotvo. I take this means
to announce that I am again prepared
to meet your needs.
EUGENE STEVENS.
Electrical Contractor. Upper Main !
Street. , tf
Bisbee Auto company, "
p. m. Thone Btsbee 5.
:43 a.
m., 1:S0
Adv.
Painter and Paper HansinR. Signs.
C J. BRANDT
27 Broadway. Phone -IR6.
Box 130.
NOTICE
Piano lessons given by experienced
teacher, too well known for reeom
CARD OF THANKS
We wish to thank the manv friend
mendation. Mrs. Hosmer. 29 Tank hill. ia"d neiSQbo"s fo" 'M' kind sympathy
Phone 133. j; shown us during the sickness of our
iK'iuveu nusuanu ami tathor; also for
the beautiful floral oj'reruiss.
MRS. WM. SMITH AM
NOTICE
Electrical wiring promptly done, by
P. C. Lyman. Phone orders to 4S9.
Bisbee. - S69
126
AND FAMILY.
Dr. Playfalr. osteopath. 98 Masor
Hi'.L Mtsoa car atop. Phone Blue 647
U L. Gilraan sells the New Edison
"The Phonograph With a Soul."
ROCKHJLL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee,
PIANO LESSONS
given by graduate of Sasees Acad
emy, New York. Thorough and cor
rect instruction for b .jinrers or
advanced scholar guaranteed.
MRS. MARQUETTR.
Opera Prie (); p. Hiu Sov.ool
v
v ..:":-:.: . ":":::..: :
. . i j
, . - -
s . ..: . : ' v . ...... v . .
t A
ly t
OAGO JOE
Pacific Coast Middleweight Wrestler.
The Monday night match will be
after the catch-as-catch-can style, Po
lice Gazette rules, with only the
strangle hold barred. The men will
go to a finish. .
Joe's showing in the match with
Ernest Dixie was such that he created
for himself a large following who be
lieve implicitly that he is capable of
putting away, men many pounds
heavier than himself, because of his
marvelous skill and scientific mastery
of the mat game. Undoubtedly he will
be the favorite with the crowd.
Archer has appeared several times
in Douglas in bouts with soldier tal
ent and is said to possess science as
well as beef. In fact word comes
from Douglas that if Joe can get away
from having his shoulders pressed to
the mat he may be considered an ath
letic marvel, indeed.
Business Locals ,
DR. ANNA EKOLA
Foot specialist, is now at the Elec
tric Shoe Shop. Brewery Gulch, also
agency for Wizard Arch' supports. 140
Wanted to buy, second hand clothes.
Phone 47. 94
BLACKSMITH COAL
J ust unloaded one car of Ajax j
smitning coax Brophy Carriage com
pany, Lowell. 562
NOTICE TO CUSTOMERS
Having been unable for the past 12
days to supply your wants in the elec
trical line, due to illness in my family
Giraed Theater!
CONTINUOUS 1 TO 11 P. M.
OK
TODAY
1
xie
AND ALL STAR CAST IN
m
arbara Cai
Mi
I
OTA!
9
9
In seven big parts
Also, for a good laugh, see
and Mabel Normand
A
e
-in-
"FATTY AND MABEL ADRIFT"
A GLOOM DISPENSER IN THREE PARTS
Lower floor 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Balcony 4c, war tax lc, total. 5C
v------ - --
CENTRAL THEATER KTK
A. H. WOODS presents his Broadway Success
UILTY
MAN"
."T
By CHARLES KLEIN
Also, PATHE presents the Frst episode of the exciting serial
HE LIGHTNING RAIDER"
With PEARL WHITE and WARNER ORLAND and
"PLUCK AND PLOTTERS" ..... A Gloom Dispenser.
ADMISSION: Adults, 20c; Children, 10c; Reserved Seats, 30c This includes war tax.
TWO MORE AR1Z0NANS
RECEIVE D.S. GROSS
Two more heroes from Arizona have
been added to the now long list of
men from the baby state who have dis
tinguished themselves on the battle
fields of France with the American
expeditionary forces. For their gal
lantry they have been awarded the
distinguished service cross by General
Pershing.
They are Eugene A. Tenley of Will
cox, and Cpt. Edward J. Mitchell of
Prescott.
In the citation recommending him
for the cross. General Pershing says
of Captain Mitchell:
"Cpt Edward J. Mitchell, 63d Infan
try. For extraordinary heroism in ac
tion during the Meuse-Areonne of-
jfensive, Frtiuce, September 26. 1918.
I Leading a platoon in advance of other
j troops, Captain Mitchell encountered
j and captured three German 153's,
j which were in operation, also taking
; six officers and about 425 men. Dur-
i ing the night he organized troops from
his own and other divisions and es
tablished a formidable piece of battle
line. Home address. Miss Ted Mitch-j
ell, daughter. 314 Congress avenue,
Prescott, Arizona."
I Today I
ONLY
s : r
THEATER
RIO
Continuous
From
1:00 to 11:00
P. 31.
IVAN PICTURES CORP. Presents a spectacular film drama of Russia and America
"One
Law -For Both"
With an all Star Cast, including RITA JOUVET, LEAH BAIRD, JAMES MORRI
SON, VINCENT SERRANO and PAUL CAPELLANI. ..Also
PATHE PRESENTS
"THE ALLIES OFFICIAL WAR REVIEW
PICTURES OF THE GREAT DRIVE. And, for a good laugh see
CHARLIE CHAPLIN-
in "The Squarehead"
Lower floor, 13c, war tax, 2c, total 15c Balcony 9c, war tax lc, total 10c U
TO 1 or. . n . . H
xxescrvea seats c, war tax oc, total Z5c
n
8