WEATHER
Thursday and Friday
fair; not much change
in temperature.
LITTLE ADS
On our classified page
are winners. Try one
and watch results.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL. 21, NO. 225.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY SO, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DISTILLERS
URGE STATES
VOTE 0
Following Proclamation of
State Department Ratifying
National Amendment, Liq
uor Men Give Fight Plans
Declare People of Fourteen of !
States Agreeing Have Right
of Referendum; Will Press,
Election in These States
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29. Rati
fication of the prohibition amend
ment to the federal constitution,
effective January 16, 1920, was
proclaimed today at 11:20 a. m.
at the state department by Acting
Secretary Polk.
CARRY FIGHT TO PEOPLE.
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. Jan. 29. The action
today of Frank L. Polk, acting secre
tary of state, formally proclaiming
ratification of the prohibition amend
ment to the federal constitution is not
yet binding, according to a conten
tion contained in a statement issued
tonight by an executive committee
representing the Distillers' Associa
tion of America at the close of a two
day conference here.
Of the 44 states whose legislatures
have acted on the amendment, the
constitutions of 22, the distillers
claimed, contain a referendum provi
sion which expressly provides that no
action of the legislature becomes ef
fective until SO days after adjourn
ment. If during these 90 days 5 or 6
per cent of the voters petition for a
referendum, the action of the legisla
ture must be submitted to the people.
To Start Referendum.
Of these 22 states, the committee
added, the legislatures of 14 are still
in session "and the 90 days in which
to petition for a referendum have not
begun to run.' The committee an
nounced that immediate Bteps would
be taken to have a referendum in
voked in these 14 states and "prob
ably in others."
Action in. these 14 states is not
final until the people have had op
portunity to act, the distillers de
clared. Considering only these states,
and deducting them from the 44
whose legislatures have acted, the com
mittee said, showed that the "drys"
have completed only 29 states, or
seven less than the three-fourths re
quired. The 14 states referred to are: Ar
kansas, California, Colorado, Idaho,
Maine, Michigan, Missouri, Nebraska,
Nevada, New Mexico, Ohio, Utah, Ore
gon and Washington.
People Must Ratify.
"The people in these 14 states,
under their constitutional referendum
rights, are a part of the law-making
body," declared the distillers" state
ment. "Until the people have voted
upon the proposition, there has been
and can be no legislative action.
"This referendum is a fundamental
right of the people. It Is intended
that the people shall avail themselves
of this fundamental right and that
they shall vote upon the question
whether inherent state powers and
privileges and individual liberty shall
be destroyed."
NEW YORK RATIFIES.
(Bv Review Leaned Wire)
ALBANY. N. Y.. Jan. 29.
New
(Continued on Pajre Tw)
TURKS CONTINUE OPPRESSION
CONSTANTINOPLE, Tuesday,
Jan. 28. Turkish oppression or
Greeks living on the southern
coast of the Black Sea continues,
according to the Greek newspaper
Neologos, which says that forces
necessary to carry out the arm
istice have not yet reached the
Black Sea ports.
The newspaper estimates that
250,000 Greeks of the Black Sea
coast were massacred during the
war by the Turks, and that 250,000
FIRE RAGES A T
(By Review Leased Wire)
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Jan.
29. Fire of undetermined origin
tonight virtually destroyed the
federal disciplinary barracks here
with a resultant loss estimated at
$100,000. In addition, clothing in
the quartermaster's department,
said to have been valued at $C0,
000 was destroyed. Soldiers were
placed about the buildings as
Nevada Senator Seeksn g
Relief for Producers of
War-Demanded Metals
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29. Resuming
consideration of the bill to validate
informal war contracts, the senate to
day adopted an amendment by Sen
ator Henderson of Nevada, providing
for settlement of claims growing out
of government stimulation of mineral
production. The amendment was pre
pared at the request of western min
ing men who claimed that many per
sons responding to the appeal for min
erals needed in the prosecution of the
war, had invested ajl of their funds,
and that the business had fallen off
with the signing of the armistice. Un
der the amendment, settlement would
be made by the secretary of the in
terior. To Give Publicity
To insure publicity for the claims
adjusted under the bill, the senate also
adopted, 41 to 12, an amendment by
Senator McKellar of Tennessee, re-
quiring that congress be furnished the
had been settled and the amounts In
volved. After a spirited debate, an amend
ment by Senator Smith of Arizona,
prohibitiing the importation of Egypt
ian long staple cotton for six months
after the passage of the act was de
feated, 42 to 10. . Senator Smith ex
plained that his purpose in offering the
amendment was to protect the plan
ters, who in response to the govern
ment's appeal planted increased acre
ages of this kind of cotton.
TRANSPORTS LAND
MANY HOSE YANKS
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
NEWPQRT NEWS, Va., Jan. 29.
Three transports the Zeelandia,
Martha Washington and Monticello
bringing troops from overseas reached
Hampton Roads today and tonight.
The Zeelandia landed 1C55 officers
and men, but the Martha Washington
and Monticello arrived too late to
dock and will discharge their pas
cCTiser tomorrow. The Monticello,
which has one casual company aboard,
wa3 several days behind schedule.
Among the passengers on the
Martha Washington are Maj. Gen. Ed
win F. Glenn, who commanded the
83rd division; Brigadier General Har
ney, Maj. Richard Derby, son-in-law of
the late Col. Theodore Roosevelt, and
Mary Roberts Rhinehart, who was a
war correspondent in France. The
transport also has aboard 60 naval
pfficers, 34 bluejackets, 2 women
nurse3, 2002 troops, 174 sick and
wounded and C general courtmartial
cases. The naval men were attached
to the big navy guns used by the
American army on the western front.
The Zeelandia landed the 311th am
munition train, 25 officers and 1193
men; detachment cadre of the 86th
(Black Hawk) division, 16 men; a
headquarters company, a medical de
tachment and batteries B and C of the
325th field artillery, 32 officers and
335 men; 40 casual
casual enlisted meu.
officers and 4
CLEAN-UP IN PHOENIX
(Bv Review leased Wire)
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 29 Assistant
City Attorney J. E. Nelson announced
today that he had embarked on a de
termined moral crusade to clean up
the city when he launched the first
! case called under the recently enact
ed red light abatement act.
The court is asked to issue an in
junction restraining Kate Sabra from
i using or permitting her property to
be used for immoral purposes.
USE ARMY PLANES
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29. Army
aviation plans presented today to the
house military committee call for the
use during the year beginning next
July of about one-fifth of the airplanes
now owned by the war department.
more were forced to seek refuge
In Russia. It says that the Turk-'
i?h officer who was in charge of
the devastation of the Greek
towns of Kerasoon and Inos at
present holds the post of chief of
police at Trebizond.
The Neolog03 declares that
Greeks returning from Russia are
imprisoned by the Turks contrary
to the terms of the armistice and
that the Turks still retain con
trol of Greek property.
LEA VENW0R TH
guards and prisoners assisted In
fighting the flames.
Cel. Sedgwick Rice, command
ant, declined to discuss the loss
or the origin of the fire, but it
became known that authorities
had ordered a rigid investigation.
Jt was understood they were work
ing on the theory that the fire
was of incendiary origin.
There were 3,570 prisoners in
the barracks, all of the military
offenders.
Long staple cotton, the senator says,
is raised only in Arizona, Southern
California and part of South Carolina,
and during the war it was used espe
cially in the making of cloth for air
plane wings.
Wool Importation
Senator Borah of Idaho, asked the
Arizona senator if he would be willing
10 incorporate in his amendment a pro
vision prohibiting wool importation.
Senator Smith replied that this mat
ter had no relation to wool.
The difference between long staple
cotton and ordinary cotton was ex
plained by Senator Smith of Georgia,
w ho added that this amendment "dees
not come from the southern cotton
growers asking for protection for their
cotton."
The m war trade board admitted
Egyptian cotton when it was .refusing
licenses for short staple cotton, de
clared the Georgia senator, who said j
in nis opinion me Doarci s dennerate
-ao tn .t,;,, ,,!
"The war trade board had as much
right and authority to fix the price of
cotton as the man in the moon," said
Senator Smith.
"As much as they had on wool," in
terjected Senator Smoot of Utah. The
Georgia senator said the government !
made agreements regarding wool, but''
conceded that it was without power
to fix prices on anything except
wheat. x
PACKERS DECLARE
PROBE WAS BIASED
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29. While '
Louis F. Swift, president of Swift & i
Co.. was being cross-examined today
before the senate agricultural commit-
tee as to whether the five big pack-:?ew
ers had combined to control
meat
prices and markets, Edward A. Cud-1
ahy, president of the Cudahy Packing !
company, and T. E. llson, president
of Wilson & Co., told the housed inter
state commerce committee, that pend
ing legislation to regulate the meat
packing industry was unnecessary.
Both Mr. Cudahy and Mr. Wilson
said the investigation of the Industry
conducted bv the federal trade com-: bolshevik! are overthrown." acco-ding "rers investment in war mawnmery,
mission was unfair and biased and ' to Mme. Catherine Bresh.kcvskaya ' materials and partially completed pro
mission ? l ana Diased an.a th 7- H "erandmnther nf tVe ; "iucis, was blamed for plunging some
that it should not be used as a bas.s t-ne '. --9ar grandmother or t Le ' horderine on
for acMon of coneress Thpv dprlarpd Russian revolution," who arrived here . concerns into a state Doruenng on
ior ac-ion or congress, i ney declared odav f Chic ' , , stagnation, with np certainty as to
that if a complete and impartial inves- nay iron -tiica,o. s . y
tieation had been made the commis-1
sion would have found that thpr was :
no need for legislation.
Mr. Wilson said he did not criticize
the investigators because they prob
ably were sincere, but he added that
they started off with a fixed idea re
garding the packers and were unable
to "get rid of it."
Packers Favor Publicity
Mr. Cudahy declared the packers
wouia iavor "complete and Detter puD-
licity of the facts," and said that if
this were coupled with friendly co
operation, "far better results would be
attained than by more legislation."
Both presidents declared that the
high efficiency of the packing industry
would be destroyed if controlled or
regulated by the government. They
said individual initiative and experi
ence was essential to the success of
the business.
Francis J. Heney, chief counsel for
the trade commission in the investiga
tion of the packers, again conducted
the cross-questioning of Mr. Swift to
day before the senate committee. He
inquired into speculative transactions
in Swift stocks as well as into alleged
attempts of the big packing concerns
to control prices and markets.
Mr. Heney produced a number of let
ters passing between representatives
of Swift & Co., and those of other
packing companies regarding prices
and other matters, and asked Mr.
Swift to place his own construction on
them. The witness said the fact that
the letters had been exchanged was
evidence there was competition be
tween the companies.
"But wasn't the purpose to prevent
whatever competition there mifeht
havp been?" asked Mr. Heney.
"I don't think so," Mr. Swift replied.
"You know salesmen resort to all
Rnrts of nractices to fool the other fel-
low." , !
Threatened Competition i
In one of the letters read by Mr.'
Heney. a representative of Swift &
Co., warned an agent of Wilson & Co., j
that unless the latter concern stopped
its efforts to sell meat In Fresno, '
Calif., Swift & Co. would enter the Los
Angeles market.
"Wasn't that a threat to keep Wil
son out of Fresno and prevent him
from entering Swift & Co.'s terri
tory?" Mr. Heney asked.'
"It simply means that they were
competing," replied Mr. Swift.
Before the house committee, Mr.
Wilson advised against government
control or ownership of stockyards
and refrigerator cars.
"Under present circumstances com
petition and efficiency of stockyards
are assured," he said. "There is no
discrimination ifl favor of the large
(Continued on Page Two)
OFFICIAL NOTE
LISH STATE
State Department Recognizes
New Premier, Ignace Jan
Paderewski, and Will En
ter Into Relations at Once
(Bv Review leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29. Recogni
tion of the provisional government of
Poland has been accorded by the
American government, officials of the
state department today in making
public a message which Secretary
ng at Paris has sent by direc
tion of President Wilson to Ignace
Jan Paderewski. the new Polish pre
mier. Mr. Lansing congratulated Mr. Pad
erewski upon becoming head of the
Polish government and said the Unit-
i Arl C t'l t 11 x-i 1 1 1 1 Vl i'l fT 1 O (1 n ilTil I- i T"l t "
relations with the new Polish state
D annn x,. i
telegram fellows:
"The president of the United States
directs me to extend to you as for
eign minister and secretary of for
eign affairs of the provisional Polish
government its sincere wishes for
ycur success in the high office which
you have assumed and his earnest
hope that the government of which
you are a part will bring prosperity
to the republic of Poland,
j "It is my privilege to extend to
you at this time my personal greet
ings and officially to assure you that
U ,be a sour,e gratification to
enter into official relations with you
at the earliest opportunity to render
to your country such aid as is Ps-
at this time as it enters upon a ;
cycle o independent life, will be
111 cue accora wna tnai spirit, or menu-
"ness which has in the past animated
tDfe American people intheir relations
with your countrymen."
RUSSIA RUINED NATION
(By- Rv?pw Leased Wire)
SFW YORK .Tan 99 Rnsin is
! "ruined nation, corrupt, starving and
j wi'h a hopeless future unless the
"uin'reus oi ie.iow countrymen ana
many Americans greeted the aged rev
'olutionary socialist with kisses andf
flowers at the railroad station and es
corted her to the Henry Street set
tlement on the East Side, where she
will be entertained during her stay in
New York.
The misrule of the bolsheviki, ac
cording to Mme. Breshskovskaya, has
resulted in the depopulation of Petro
srrad. Whprp. thprp were 2.000.000 nsr-
sons before the revolution, she said,
less than 1.000,000 remain and "all
of our old leaders, the lovers of Rus
sian freedom and justice, are under
ground." PEASANT ARMY DEFEATED
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Jan. 29. An official wire
less dispatch received from Russia
tells of the defeat of the Ukrainian
peasant army by the Ukranian soviet
forces and the occupation of Yekater
inoslav, capital of the government of
, the same name in south Russia. The
dispatch says:
"Ukrainian soviet forces, after a
(Continued on Ige Two)
V WANT
FREE TO SOLDIERS
Soldiers and sailors returning to
this district from the United States
army or navy, are extended an espe-
; 'ial invitation by the Bisbee Daily
Review to call at this newspaper
office. The Review wants to meet
every returned man, and to know
every returned man personally. The
Review wants to tell its readers of
each soldier's homecoming, and of
the experiences of each soldier while
he was in the army or navy.
In addition. The Review wants re
turned men of the army and navy to
use its advertising columns free of all
cost. Hereafter advertisements for
positions wanted from former soldiers
and sailors will be accepted by The
Review free of charge if the soldier
or sailor will call at the office, tell
the advertising man of his wants and
Qualifications, and make himself ac
quainted, j
Advertisements for position wanted '
in the columns of the Bisbee Daily
Ke.iew brins results and those of the
returning men who take advantage of
this oprortunity to secure nlaces will
find reudy responses to their ads.
The Review will welcome them, when -
ever thpy call at the office.
OF WELCOME TO
PO
REvE
ADS
Americans in Mexico
Organize Association
To Protect Themselves
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, Jan. 29. Formal an
nouncement of the organization of the
National Association for the Protec
tion of American citizens in Mexico,
with a membership representing 41
concerns in the oil, mining, smelting,
agricultural, land, cattle, rubber, bank
ing and other fields" in that country
was made here today by Frank J.
Silsbee of Los Angeles, its secretary.
Declaring that "gross injustices
have been committed in Mexico to
American citizens and American prop
erty rights," the association plans to
makev"a thorough study of the Mexi
can situation from historical, legal and
economic standpoints" and to furnish
from time to time to the United
States and Mexican governments, "ac
cujate information regarding foreign
industries and enterprises, decrees,
and other developments affecting
American rights, with a view to re
moving causes of friction."
Among the concerns represented in
the new association are the Mexican
Petroleum company, Standard OU
company, the Texas company, Panuco
Boston Oil company, Greene Cananea
Copper company, Phelps Dodge com
pany. Guaranty Trust company. Na
tional City Rank. J. P. Morgan & Com
pany. National Bank of Commerce.
Chase National bank, and Bankers
Trust company of New York, the
Yaqui Delta Land & Water company,
the California-Mexico Land &' Cattle
LABOR DEPARTMENT YOUNG SOLDIERS
URGES SETTLEMENTTO RELEASE OLD
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29. Early ac
t COntve
tneTn
y fe.tSh 8i, fJ
tion on legislation to adjust war con-
. " ZZ, '
m many industrial centers had re
ceived rapidly in the last ten days.
Plants heretofore engaged in war
work were said not to be changing
back to peace . activities rapidiy
enough to hold their proper portion
of labor. The cancelling of war con-
j tracts with no Provision for an early
' financial adjustment of the manufac-
t " vi
I "The department of labor's investi-
Satlon of wa's and means to stimulate
building and improvements and aug
ment the absorption of labor in in
dustry, disclosed these two important
ways of getting results," the state
ment says:
"One legislation enabling the build
ing and loan associations of the coun
try to use their real estate mort
gages for collateral in a system cf
federal home loan banks.
"Two legislation to authorize im-
mediate adjustment and payment by tne best devisaoie lor tne year 13m.
the government ot reasonable claims During this year, however, we must
growing out of the summary rescind- remake the old British regular army,
ing of war contracts. i so as to provide, on a voluntary basis,
"The former would permit home-! overseas garrison and foreign sta
bnilders to avail themselves of almost tions."
$2,000,000,000 in loans; the latter j In connection with the foregoing the
would provide much needed immediate ministry of labor announced that no
capital for manufacturing." I further application for release of in-
The statement added that a pro-, dividual officers or men on pivotal or
posed law on the first recommendation
soon would be in congress. Legisla
tion on the latter now is pending.
SENATE TALKS EMPLOYMENT
iBy Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29. Prospect
rf imamnlmrmant in , T . . iiAiint.ir
discussed briefly today iu the senate, j
oenaiors iveuj uji oi low a ana omooi
of Utah, republicans, were joined by
Senator Thomas of Colorado, in ex
pressing apprehension, while Senator
Lewis of Illinois, democrat, deprecated
their statements and those of Secre
tary Morrison of the American Federa
tion nf T A hnr nnH ntliprc rpMriiinc
probable depression.
Senator Kenyon, advocating his bill
to expend f 100.000.000 on public works
to prevent unemployment, denied that
any "alarming" statements- had been
made and insisted that measures by :
congress to avert unemployment were 1
necessary. Senator Smoot said .he
feared working men may soon be suf
fering and Senator Thomas declared
that he had "apprehensions' 'of un
employment. I
Senator Lewis said the statements
regarding labor conditions were "start
ling, wrong and unjustified." Chal
lenged by Senator Kenyon Mr. Lewis
conceded that temporary distress may
ensue, but declared the future of(
American industry bright. i
PREFERENCE FOR SOLDIERS.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 29. A bill ;
giving preference to so'.diers, sailors
'd marines in governmer t civil serv-
..e employment and providing for im-
: mediate reinstatement of employes j
In ho resigned to enter military serv- j
' ice, was ordered favorably reported
j today by the house committee on civil
service
reform.
Ir.ter-Centinental
CONDITIONS IMPROVED
(By Review Least-tl Viro
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 29. Henry P.
Fletcher, United States ambassador to
Mexico, while in St. Louis today on
his way to Washington said conditions
in Mexico are rapidly improving, ave
nues of commerce are opening up
and when restrictions against trading
ate removed the United States can
resume business relations with Mex
ico on a larger srale than ever before.
The principal barrier, he said, is
the condition of Mexican railroads and
until equipment is supplied from the
United States it will be difficult to
carry on business.
He termeds false the reports that
large numbers of Germans crossed the
border into Mexico when the United
States declared war.
PAN-AMERICAN SCHOOL PLANNED
RIVERSIDE. Cal.. Jan. 29. Estab
lishment of a' part-American univers
ity at Riverside was decided on at a
meeting here today of prominent edu
cators representing the United States,
Mexico and several South American
countries. Incorporation of the uni
versity under the California law was
authorized.
It is proposed that the institution
shall be open to students from all
Latin-American countries and the
United States.
(By Review Leased Wire)
LONDON, Jan. 29. The regulations
governing the armies of occupation
"are dealt with in an official statement
issued tonight by Winston Spencer
Churchill, secretary of var. The state
ment says:
"The British military commanders
are of the opinion that 900,000 men are
sufficient for this transition period.
All the rest will be demobilized as fast
as possible.
"The new armies will begin forming
February 1 and will be composed in
the first instance, of those who have
enlisted since January 1, 1916, and
who def not exceed 37 years of age.
Volunteers will be accepted for one
year's service from among men other
wise entitled to release, while 69 bat
talions of young soldiers now on home
service will be sent immediately to
help guard the Rhine bridgeheads and
release the older men.
"The men of the new armies will
be paid bonuses ranging from ten
shillings and six pence per week for
privates, to 42 shillings for colonel,
in addition to the ordinary army pay.
Leave will be granted on as generous
a scale as possible.
! "These arrangements seem to be
. special grounds can De considered
TO CONTINUE STRIKE.
(By Review Lensed Wire)
HUENOS AIRES, Jan. 2 Leaders
of the maritime Vorkers announce
j '
1
lat as a result of the failure of the
recent negotiations between the strik
ers and employers they have organ
ized to continue the port strike in
definitely. Nine thousand maritime
workers are out. It is reported a gen
eral strike will begin March 1.
During the last few days 7500 to
bacco workers and 1500 furniture mov
ers have struck, these movements, in
aldUion to partial strikes, affecttn
! eint building trades unions.
company, and the
Rubber company.
RAILROADS PLAN EXTENSIONS
WASHINGTON. Jan. 29 About
$300,000,000 will be spent by rail
roads this year for extensions and
improvements, and $200,000,000
for new tars and locomotives, ac
cording to preliminary plans of
the railroad administration, an
nounced today by Director Gen
eral Hines.
These outlays are In addition
to $2S6.000,000 of equipment or
VILLA THREA TENS CHIHUAHUA
EL PASO. Tex.. Jan. 29. Fran
cisco Villa and 500 tuen in com
mand ot Martin Iopcz were en
camped at Rancho Viejo, 30 miles
south of Chihuahua City today, ac
cording to a telegram received
here tonirht. A federal column
was being sent to that ranch by
General Jesus Agnstiu Castro to
attack VKla. according to the tele
gram. Officials and members of
American-owned mines In the
Cusihurtachic district of western
M CABINET
ILL ACCEPT
LSLI PLfl
DISPOSE
C0L1IES
British Agree to Mandatory
Power to Have Full Control
of Any Territory Commit
ted to Its Administration
South African Representatives
Strongly Oppose Proposi
tion; Poland Secures Hear
ing Before Peace Council
(By Review J.eused Wlrt)
LONDON. Thursday. Jan. 30. The
British imperial war cabinet has ac
cepted President Wilson's theory of
internationalization as applied to the
captured German colonies, notwith
standing energetic protests from the
representatives of the dominions, says
the Daily Mail's Paris correspondent.
"These protests," says the cor
respondent, "have been of the grav
est character. The South African rep
resentatives believe acceptance will
give the greatest encouragement to
the rebel element in South Africa,
which it ever has received during
Hritish administration. The Aus
tralian delegates fear that Australian
public opinion will regard it as ex
tremely unsatisfactory and inexplic
able. The dominion representatives
generally, though very reticent, are
greatly perturbed."
i SEEK MIDDLE GROUND.
1 PARIS, Jan. 29. (By the Associated
Press.) While the council of the
great powers were today giving their
attention to Poland, interest 'centered
in private conferences in the upper
chamber of the American and Brit
ish delegates, where efforts were be
ing made to reconcile the acut.e issue
which has arisen over disposition ot
the German colonies.
The American position has been
quite definitely and firmly stated in
j favor of the internationalization of
i these colonies under the league of na
: tions, with mandates as trustees to
such powers as undertake to admlu
tister them. But the British doming
ions, which are chiefly interested in
the German colonies of the Pacific
and in South Africa are equally firm
for annexation with full sovereignty
and without a mandate from the
league of nations.
Hcpe for Settlement.
The main efforts today have been
to reconcile these extremes and those
taking part in the conferences were
hopeful tonight that a middle ground
would be found which would preserve
the American contention for a man
date to the powers claiming the col
onies. Early in the day General
! Smuts representing the dominions'
! view against the mandate and Colonel
! House, who is supporting the mandate,
j held a lengthy conference with a
J view to reconciling the differences.
This seemed to tend toward n agree
i ment whereby the mandator power
i woul ! ipve full control of the admlu-
isttation of jny colony committed to
Its care, tut the league of nations
would t-xercise supervision over the
general character of this administra
tion", with a view to protecting the
interests of the nation and the popu
lation. Later in the day Premier Hushes
(Continued from Pago Two)
dered last year to be delivered
and paid for this year. Improve
ments authorized but not accom
plished last year must be recon
sidered in the light of peace con
ditions; and will be authorized
again if they are deemed still de
sirable. In 191S. $265,931,000 was spent
for additions and betterments and
S2S9.3SS.000 for equipment.
Chihuahua are abandonding their
properties and returning, to Chi
huahua City, fearing a Villa at
tack. Ia Patrla. a Mexican paper pub
lished here and opposed to the
Carranza government, printed a
story tonight that a fight between
Villa followers and federal troops
under General Rosalio Hernandee
occurred at Bachlraba Canyon, the
federals being defeated with heavy
losses, according to the report.
I H II TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1919.
WAR rARINPT WII T
..... . ... -.
WILL ACCEPT WILSON :
PI m TMPflAl 'Baron JIakino of the Japanese mis-
r LAH KJf Uljr UdAL sion. is based on an agreement enter-
" ! ed into May 25, 1915, which also gave
(Continued from Page One) I Japan thfl right to estabiish a conces-
of Australia, who is the exponent of ion exclusively under its jurisdiction
the ex m me view for outright annexa-1 in Tsing Tao. Dr. Wellington Koo,
tion of the colonies, conferred with' Chinese minister to the United States,
Colonel House in a further effort to'arSuin5 in behalf of China, asserted
secure a middle ground. In the!tnat tne agreement was entered into
meantime the various British do- j under threat of hostilities and is void,
minion delegates held a meeting and He declared likewise that the offer the.
conferred with Premier T.lnvd Oenree Japanese are making to restore Shan
for the Burnose of determining their!
coi r&e.
Preserve American Plan.
The result of this meeting was not
made public, but the sentiment in
certain circles is strongly hopeful
that an agreement will be reached
which will preserve me American
plan of a mandate, without hampering i
1U, , T"1'"6. I
gae the entire day to Poland The
hearings and the departure of he
commission lor rui&oa lire expecieu i
to put an end to the internal con
flict between two powers which are
represented at the conference.
OUTLINE AUSTRALIAN POLICY.
By Review Leased Wire)
MELBOURNE, Australia, Jan. 29.
The acting premier of Australia, W.
A. Watt, today gave out a statement
summing up the state of public feel
S ,2
IX hiV .rt r wnSS
ORZ! t fS-K..
the conference of
A. - ' J
uie ameu powerst
at Paris an attempt will be made to
internationalize or neutralize. the Pa
cific islands and other countries that
formerly belonged to Germany. After
careful consideration of the prospects
of such form of government, we can
see nothing but complications arising
out of that method of control, and I
am cabling today to Prime Minister
Hughes in Paris strongly setting out
our objections to any form of inter-i
national government.
"Shortly after the conclusion of the
armistice both houses or the federal
parliament unanimously carried a
resolution that the senate and house
of the commonwealth of Australia de
clare it is essential to the future
safety and welfare of Australia that
the captured German possessions in
the Pacific occupied by Australian
and New Zealand troops should not
under any circumstances be restored
to Germany, and that in- the consid
eration and determination- of propo
sals affecting the destinies of those
islands, Australia should be con
sulted. "The time for consultation having
arrived, the government should make
its views plain. It is the desire and
hope of the Australian government
that the islands of the Pacific for
merly held by Germany and now oc
cupied by Australian and New Zea
land forcas should for the future be
controlled either by Great Britain or
Australia and New Zealand."
QUESTION RIPE FOR DECISION
(By Review Leased Wire)
PARIS, Jan. 29. The supreme coun
cil met at 11 o'clock this morning with
a full attendance and discussed the
questions of the German colonies and
instructions to the commission whica
is to be sent to Poland.
The German colonial mmst
ripe for decision, ax irrit nrAfrrouii 1
was made yesterday concerning leral Petlura and occupied the town
It is understood a comnramiqe'i01 terinoslav, capturing guns, ma-
unaersiooa a comnromise
is to be adopted which will fully
preserve President Wilson's plan for
international administration, but giv
ing the various mandatories certain
liberty of action in executing their
control of the colonies.
OFFICIAL STATEMENT
PARIS, Jan. 29. (British Wireless
Service.) Two official communica
tions on the peace proceedings were is
sued today. The first says:
"The president of the United
States, the premiers and foreign min
isters of the allied and associated gov
ernments and the Japanese represen
tatives held two meetings on January
23. The morning sitting was devoted
to hearing reports of delegates who
made general statements on the Polish
situation and Polish claims. In the
afternoon the Czecho-SIovak delegates
gave their views on the question of
the industrial basin in Silesia situated
between Bohemia and Poland."
The other communique says:
Consider Trade Unions
"Since Monday last Mr. Barnes,
'British minister without portfolio,'
has been conferring with prominent
British trade unionists and represen
tatives of India and the dominions on
the draft of a scheme for the interna
tional regulation of conditions.
"The scheme was closely examined
and the experience of all present at
tne conference has been freely placed ! ficiency.
at Mr. Barnes' disposal. Many valuable j Mr. Wilson said his company enter
suggestions have been made and it is , ed the canning industry because its
felt that full light has been given to " branch houses were operating at a
the views of organized British trade loss and it was necessary to take on
unionists. other products to increase the volume
"The conference concluded at noon ; of sales.
January 29,' and the draft or the Explaining his part in the organiza
w henie agreed upon will be submitted ; ticn of Wilson & Co., Mr. Wilson said
to the international commission on . bankers holding the Schwarzschild &
lubor regulation, which was appointed Sulzberger company stocks offered
on Saturday last at the peace confer- him $125,000 a year, $l,5uo.OOO of com
c-nce.
CLAIMS OF JAPAN
:; l!-vl-w jntt Wirel
PARIS. Jan. 29. The claim of Japan
for ihc retention of Tsing Tao and the
Ugly, Unsightly Pimples
Are Signals of Bad Blood
Give Heed to the Warnin?.
Pimples en the face and other
parts of the body are warnings from
Nature that your blood i3 slug-pish
and impoverished. Sometimes they
foretoli eczema, boild, blisters, tcaly
eruptions and other skin disorders
that burn lite flames of fire.
They mean that your blood needs
S. S. S. to purify it and cleanse it of
these ir?pnre accumulations that can
cause unlimited ironl-le. Th6 rci;!edy
ii the greaUdt vegetable blood puri
German railway concessions :1n."Shan
Tung provinces, as presented to the
conference ot the five powers by
Tung province is meaningless, as
i neither the Germans nor the Japanese
succeeding them had actual possession
of the province but merely, dominated
it through the railway and port con
cessions which Japan desires to re
tain. The Chinese insist that Japan's
claims, if granted, would put her virtu-
just as she controls Manchuria
nilin7. giving Japan economic
and mUitary' do mixtion. Dr. Koo told
and military domination
the council that there were 30,000,000
i people in Shan Tung province, which
was the richest and most valuable
strategically in north China, and that
to deprive China ot it, together with
Manchuria, would leave Peking and
Tien Sin difficult to defend. . ..
HEAR POLISH DELEGATE
(By Review Leased Wlre
today heard . R. V. Dmowski, the
Ps delegate, and Dr. Karl Kramarz,
representing the Czecho-Slovaks. with
I reference to the conflict which has
. . . ri:t. a o ,
tween the
Slovak
military forces along- their
frontier. ; - -
.The hearings -were a sequel -to the
council's warning against occupation
of territory by force, and the dele
gates of the two countries were invit
ed to explain the hostilities and take
i - V?h. . ok ifri,on
Ge?" Loms B?tha; thul?,,Affr,?Ln
preier was ls, heard on tlie. iorm-
measures to abate them.
er German colonies.
BOLIVIA MAKES CLAIMS
PARIS, Jan. 29. (By the Associated
Press) That Bolivia intends to set up
a claim for the provinces of Tacna
and Arcia,'under the doctrine of Presi
dent Wilson that nations are entitled
to an outlet to the sea, was indicated
today- by r General Montes, Bolivian
minister to France. In a statement
to the Associated Press he said:
"The claims of Chile and Peru to
these provinces are based purely on
political arguments, while those of Bo
livia are based on the vital right of
access to the ocean through the
natural channel of these provinces.
Without access to the sea, of .which
we were deprived when we lost Anto
fagasta as consequence of the Pacific
war, Bolivia could not hope to be-:
come a great nation and trade freely
with the world."
General Montes pointed out that
Chile and Peru possessed long coast
lines even before the Pacific war.
LANSING SENDS OF
FICIAL NOTE OF WEL
COME POLISH STATE
(Contlnued from Page One)
j desperate battle overcame the stub-
born resistance of the forces of Gen-
chine guns and other booty.
"The enemy is fleeing in disorder
toward the sources of the Dneiper
river."
ARCHANGEL FRONT QUIET
ARCHANGEL, Jan. 23 (By the As
sociated Press). Although the enemy
patrols are in touch with the Ameri
can and allied advance posts on all
sectors, there is a comparative lull in
activities on the entire front.
The bolshevik artillery is still shell
ing on tbe Dvina, and yesterday show
ed signs of activity in the Kadish
sector. Enemy patrols, which ap
proached to within about two miles
of the new Vaga position held by the
allies, retreated when shelled.
PACKERS DECLARE
PROBE WAS BIASED
(Continued from Page One)
packers, one buyer having as much ac
cess to the market and getting as good
a price as another, large or small.
What the condition under government
control would be is a question."
Commandeering of the refrigerator
cars owned by the packers would be
implicit M WOenn e'ttd r A . I. . 2. I
...gum, . itouM nam, ouuiug lum u i
would be more equitable for the gov-
ernmeni to duuq additional cars and
endeavor to make np the present de
mon stocK and an option on $3,500,000
worth more at $10 a share to take over
the company. He said he agreed and
left Morris & Co. of which he was
president. The amount or stock of
. Wilson & Co. now held by the original
fier known, and contains no minerals
or chemicals to injure the most deli
cate skin.
Go to your drugstore, and pet a
bottle of S. B. S. today, and get rid
of those unsightly and disfiguring
pimples, and other skin irritation:..
And it will cleanse yourblood thor
oughly. If you wish special medical
advice, you can obtain it without
eharjre by writing' to Medical Direc
Ivr. L"l L'tvirt Laboratory, Atlanta,
Georgia. .
Sau)group c'hor-re-tinanced
business was negligible, he said. -
Chairman Sims asked Mr. Wilson if
he believed he was worth the $125,-
000 n year the company paid hiin.
Since I have taken the- company
over, the stock lias increased from $5
a" share to above par," Mr. Wilson re
plied, "and it has become, one of the
five largest packers."
- Mr. Sims said he was opposed to
large salaries in general because he
believed they were looked upon with
suspicion by thevlaboring classes and
might cause unrest.
"But in your case," he added, "I be
lieve the large salary is justified."
DISTILLERS URGE
STATES TO VOTE
ON PROHIBITION
(Continued from Page One)
York became the 44th state to ratify
the federal prohibition 'amendment
when -the senate tonight, by a vote ably to see Conklin regarding the mat
of 27- to 24. concurred in the McNab ter.
ratifying resolution which was adopt
ed by the, assembly last week.
The democratic delegation of 22 vot
ed as a .unit against ratification and
was assisted by two republicans
Henry M. Sage of Albany and Chariet
O. Lockwood of Kings, Doth of whoa,
had refused to be bound by the action
Of. the republican cauens Mondaj
night in making-the question a part
measure. " , y : j .
Adoption of the resolution was ac
complished after 8 hours and 20 min
nt63 cjf debate and bickering over par
llamentary technicalities.
RESUME RELATIONS.
.; - &Y Review Leased Wire;
WASHINGTON. Jan. 29. Mexico
and Cuba have resumed diplomatic
relations, according to reports today
in official and diplomatic circles. The
state department, -however, had no
information on the. subject. It was
said that.Esequiel Garcia had been
appointed Cuban minister to Mexico
and General Jara, Mexican minister
to Cuba. '
' Negotiations leading to the resump
tion of relations were conducted by
Garza Perez, 'acting ' minister of for
eign affairs in the Mexican cabinet,
and Dr.- Luis Santo Maria, former
Cuban charge at Mexico City.
Diplomatic relations between the
two governments, were severed . sev
eral months ago, but there never was
any clear explanation here as to the
cause.
"
REFUSE WOMEN TRAIN.
By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON; Jan. 29. The na
tional woman's party announced to
night It had been informed by rail
road administration officials that
transportation would be refused the
party's "democracy special car on
j its proposed tour of the country next
month if the party carried out the
J announced plan of painting prison
j doors on sides of the car' and placing
bars in the windows -
f The nnounceniet s?aid the offi
cials held that any decorations' the
women desired to use to show that
those making the trip had served
prison sentences could be carried in
side the car.
OPPOSE FEDERAL' CONTROL.
By Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO. Jan. 29. Organized op
position to the plan of the federal
food administration for the govern
ment to buy and sell, the 1918 and
1919 wheat crops was put under way
in Chicago today under auspices of
leaders ot the board of trade.
A meeting of officers and directors
of the board and leading grain mer
chants was decided to send a com
mittee to Washington.
The board of trade men will de
mand that the government relinquish
all control of the handling of the
crops and confine itself to making
good to the farmers its guarantee ot
$2.26 a bushel for wheat in Chicago.
WEATHER REPORTS GOOD "
By Review Leased W'irei
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Jan. 23. The of
ficial weather report for the pust week
for Arizona and western New Mexico
showed improvement from the stand
point of the cattle breeders. The low
est temperature was in Apache coun
ty where the thermometer registered
11 degrees above zero, while in the
southwest the lowest figures were 34
at Phoenix and 40 at Yuma.
BROOKS DEFEATED.
F!y Review Icawil Wire
MONTREAL.. Jan. C9. Frankie
H.
r iemin
Canada
featherweight champion of
defeated Walter Brooks of
l Brooklyn in the sixth round of a 10-
rcund match here tonight. Brooks'
manager threw the sponge into the
ring to save his man from a probable
knockout.
DISTURE3ERS EJECTED
By R.-view leas-d Virr
NEW YORK. Jan. -J9. Two meu
who tried . repeatedly to interrupt
James M. Beck, principal speaker at
a "Victory celebration" mass meeting,
were ejected from the Brooklyn Acad
emy of Music tonight by provost
guards.
IT'S NOT YOUR HEART;
IT'S YOUR KIDNEYS
lvidnry d!st'i' Is tin rMpoftcr of per
Son. , A majority of the ills jifllirtin?
People totiay can be traced bark to the
kidney trouble.
Tbe kidneys are tb most important
organs of the body. They are tb! hl
. terers F your blood. Jf the. poisons
. trhieh are swept rrom the tissues by the
Mood arj not eliminated tbrouch the
kidneys, disease of one form r another
ill claim yon as a. Tietira.
Kidney disease ja iisufl'tly ijidirated by
w.rir.e;g, steeppssne-:t nervousness,
despondency, backache, pcnmarh trou-
Me, paia lu loins and lovrer ahdnaien,
a?l! sfones, jjrs""!, r'ioi'rj""'". ?'':?',a
All these derangements arc nature's
SLAYS
AGED MILLIONAIRE
By Review Leased Wire)
PATCHOGUE, N. Y., Jan. 29 Smith
W. Conklin, an aged banker and real
estate owner, reputed to be a million
aire, was shot and killed in his office
here late today by William W. Wright,
head of a New York detective agency.
After shooting Conklin twice in the
back. Wright attempted suicide, but
failed.
According to the police, Conklin re
cently foreclosed a mortgage he held
on property which formed part of the
estate left hf Wright's father. Wright,
vrno is executor of the estate, arrived
here today from New York, presum-
The building in which the shooting
ook place is located on the main
.treet of the village. Pedestrians told
.he police they saw Conklin rush to
he window, calling for help. Then
.wo shots were fired and he was seen
,o sink to the floor. A few seconds
atcr a third report was heard as
Vright turned the revolver on him
self. A policeman Jotind Conklin dead on
.he floor and fright lying across a
jhair, with jr. pvound near his right
.emple. Wrighl was taken to a hos
pital, where :;physicians said his con
Jition was such that he could not be
juestioned tonight.
AVIATOR KILLED.
iBy Review Leased Wire)
SAN DIEUO.jCal., Jan. 29. Lieut.
3eorge Phelps 'Leggett, a young pur
suit pilot,, whose home is Fairfield,
xa., was killed' today at Ream field,
in army aviation field near this city,
when he fell 500 feet in a scout plane
after a collision with another airplane
piloted by Lieut. J. R. Doolittle.
The two machines were engaged in
combat flying practice.- The impact
af the collision-, tore the chassis from
Lieutenant Doolittle's aachine and he
saved his own life only by a superb
ixhibition of flying. The controls of
Lieutenant Leggett's airplane were
smashed. He fell on. the soft sand of
the ocean shore. His body will be
sent to his home.
ARREST'l.W.W. AT GLOBE
By Review Leased Wire)
GLOBE, Ariz., Jan. 29 Four alleged
I. W. YC". leaders were placed under
irrest here this evening and are being
held in the county jail pending an in
vestigation by the department of jus
tice. A large..p,uantity of propaganda
literature, due books and "defense
stamps" were confiscated by the of
acers. The men arrested were Nick
?aro, Pete Schneller, R. Webb and J.
M. Marias. ,
GREAT CLEARANCE
Salt Dresses,
Waists and Underwear
EVERY GARMENT IN THE
STORE" WILL. BE SOLD
AT LESS THAN COST
Including the new spring styles
will go in this sale.
WE MUST RAISE $5,C00
to pay. on pur loss by burglary.
WE WILL? ACCEPT LIBERTY
BONDS AND W. S. S.
SAME AS CASH
FRUITMAN'S
ASHION SHOP : : :
Opp. American Express Co.
Phone 74 Main St.
A Wa!ll Resistance
Emphasis should be placed upon
the conservation of strength and
the building up of a strong wall
of resistance against weakness.
SCOTT'S
EMUJLSOORI
is used regularly by many, right
through the winter, as a depend
able means of conserving strength.
For the delicate child or adult,
ocotl S oaers ricn nourish
ment with tonic-qualities that
are great in their ability to
strengthen the body and in
crease resistance,
Scott at Bowne.Bloomncld.NJ. IS-il
ULiLullVL
sijfnals tli.lt th lW"eTS need ln4
Tou should CO'.D MKX-A!, I!:mr
lem Oil nciileq immediatr ir. Tho
sootbinc, liPRlinx oil stimulates the
kidneys, relieves inflammation and de
stroys the rnia which have caused it.
On t- j-otir drusreist todav and tret e
box of f.OT.D MKDAIj Ilairlera Oil
'."apsnlr :. ln twenty-four hmirs you
rhowld frel h?.lth and vigor returning.
After you fprl somewhat improved
continue t- take one or two capsules
earh day, so as to keep the first-.Uns
condition and ward off the danger of
other attacks.
" Ask for the oripip imported GOLD
MMMI. brand. 1 hrrr Metier re
loaded if Uiey dg not help joa.
C HEN 0 WITH GUARDED
BY NEW MEXICANS
When Hale Chenowlth recovers
from the wound, in his abdomen, In
flicted on him by Claud McDowell, in
a pistol battle between the two, Mon
day morning, 7 miles south of Para
dise and near the Arizona-New Mex
ico border, he probably will find him
self held for extradition to Arizona by
the sheriff's office of Grant county,
N. M.. charged with the murder of
McDowell. This, at least, is the in
tended arrangement
Following a telegram sent by Dep
uty Sheriff J. K. Joy to Sheriff J. A.
Casey at Silver City, N. M., requesting
that a guard be placed, over Cheno
witli at the home of his friend. Bates,
CO feet ;:side the New Mexico state
territory, a reply was received yester
day from Mr. Casey saying he had
sent a deputy down to guard the
wounded man.
Reports received yesterday were to
tl'o effect that Chenowith's condition
seemed to argue a good chance for re
covery. STOP COTTON PICKING.
(Ry Review Leased Wire)
. CALEXICO. Cal.. Jan. 29. Prac
tically all the American cotton grow
ers in Lower California agreed today
to stop picking because of the edit
of President Carranza placing an ex
port tax of $30 a bale on cotton. The
growers, sent a petition to the state
department at Washington asking
that an effort be made to bring about
elimination of the tax.
REFUSED PASSPORTS
By Review Leased Wire)
CAPE TOWN, Jan. 29. The South
African government has refused pass
ports to Gen. Christian de Wet and
Pleter Grobler, a grandson of Presi
dent Kruger, members of a nationalist
deputation appointed by the Bloemfon
tein . congress to go to Paris. The
purpose of the proposed journey was
to lay before the peace congress pro- j
posals for an independent South Af
rica. SendaDoIlau
RECEIVE RELIEF from
gH.Eur.iATisr.1
TlHEUJiACHOL Is IB Internal Jtemrdy
for Khtoinatism. It it compounded at
Idaho Sprints. CoL. where thousands of
sufTrrers hare found relief from IUku
niatc aches and pains,
RHEUMACHOL
WILL
BANISH PAIN
RHKl"iIACtTO." stands alnn as the. wtn
" der remedy for Lumbago. (.lout. Backaebs.
Inflamed and Swollen Joints. Rheumatism.
Sciatica, and Kidney dl orders arlslnc
from Vrio. lactic, or any other acid
eibtlng In the blood. '
DON'T DELAY SEND
(
$1.00 TODAY
atade Only fey
H. E. MACHOL
FIX. CHEMIST
Idaho Springs, Col.
Every Bottle Sold
Vnder a Guarantee
- !
Gas Fired Water
For Attaching
to Yow
Range Boiler
Sisbee
J)
ramauc.
Given by the Pupils of
MRS. MAYE ESTHER THOMASON ENGLISH
HIGH SCHOOL GYMNASIUM
Thursday, Jan. 30, 8 p. m.
ADMISSION 50 CENTS
Proceeds to the Warren District Relief Association
DN SALE, BALL'S and BISBEE DRUG STORES
Bisbee
Feed Co
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
isbee
Feed Company
Phone 121
Oif'.cc Seiow Copper Queen Hotel
Mrs. Jones Ishen
VOICE BUILDING, TONE PRO
DUCTION and the ART OF SING
ING. From the beginning to the
highest perfection. Free voice trial.
JPhone Green 721 for appointment.
PIANO LESSONS
given, by graduate ot Sasees Acad
emy, New York. Thorough and cor
rect instruction for beginners or
advanced scholars guaranteed.
MRS. MARQUETTE
Opera Drive Opp. High School
IsMaTsff'fUfarf
Provides abundant supply ot
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Improvement Co.
.aecital
-at-
Fuel and 1
mpany
Fuel and
J
RevTailoring
DEPARTMENT
We do our own designing and
cutting, and try on each garment
befols completed, which assures
a perfect fit. Alterations, cl earr
ing, pressing and repairing neatly
done.
H. MICHAELS, Tailor,
With Miller Shirt and Hat Shop
Main St, Blibee
Heater
OOD
ujnuJsiaj
:1
C: '.
ft'
2 -1
S
i
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1919.
1 i 11 fi HJIJ niwn YVDCoert.S MSsI .JMC2I3-t - J ' ' ' " ' -Hiiitt ht m ncrc, in Lionel mgoc
gg-- colonel and lus guests
old South-
Aunt Jemima
brated pancakes to the
ie old plantation cook
wh
1
o-mact a xortune
How a Louisiana mammy made pancakes so
good they became 'America's favorite breakfast
In this cabin, close to the bank of the Miss
issippi, Aunt Jemima lived for years after
the war had freed her. Many were the
meal3 of delicious hot pancakes she served
Lee to the people who came from miles
around to get them
Many tempting offers were
made Aunt Jemima for her
wonderful recipe but none so
tempting as the offer of the
company which is now the
Aunt Jem.ma Mills Company,
to whom she finally sold her
famous recipe
i
Sixty years ago an old negro cook became famous
throughout the whole South for her pancakes.
Her name was Aunt Jemima and all the guests at
Colonel Higbee's plantation in Louisiana, where Aunt
Jemima was cook, said they had never tasted such cakes
before. They came from miles around to get them!
After the war had freed her. Aunt Jemima lived for
years in her little cabin close to the Mississippi. Many
were the delicious pancakes she served here to those
who came from all over the South for a taste of them.
How their fame reached the North
The famous old river steamer, the "Robert E. Lee,"
stopped regularly for wood near Aunt Jemima's cabin.
One day there was a Southerner on board, who as
a guest of Colonel Higbee's had often eaten Aunt
Jemima's Pancakes. He invited his fellow passengers,
among whom were many Northerners, to stop at Aunt
Jemima's cabin for a plate of her delicious cakes.
This they did, and so the fame of Aunt Jemima's
Pancakes reached the North.
Among the party was a member of the firm which
is now known as the Aunt Jemima Mills Company.
He, with many of the others, made Aunt Jemima
tempting offers for her recipe, but she could not be
induced to part with it
After months of effort, however, and offers more and
more liberal. Aunt Jemima finally consented to sell us
her celebrated recipe. One condition of the sale was
that she was to be paid in gold, for after several unfor
tunate experiences with paper money during the war,
she . was fully convinced that gold was. the only safe
form of wealth. Thus Aunt Jemima made her for
tune from the sale of her pancake recipe.
The recipe prepared for your use '
Now came the real work of getting this wonderful
recipe into the homes of all the women in the land
months of study and experiment, with Aunt Jemima
t herself supervising every step. At last Aunt Jemima
Pancake Flour in its present form was evolved. Even
the sweet milk, so necessary for good pancakes, was
reduced to powdered form and put into the flour.
And now any one can make these famous cakes!
For Aunt Jemima Pancake Flour contains all the in
gredients of the old secret recipe.
You need no milk no eggs
You need only stir up Aunt Jemima Pancake Flour
with a little water. The pure sweet milk, remember,
is already in the flour, and it's so rich you need no eggs.
With it, you, too, can serve the tender, delicious cakes
that were praised so highly by all the guests on that
old Louisiana plantation!
Have an Aunt Jenima Pancake breakfast tomorrow
fragrant, deliciously browned pancakes, piping hot!
See why they have become America's favorite breakfast
Order a package today.
Now-a-days anyone can serve these
same wonderful cakes Aunt Jemi
ma's secret recipe can be your very
own. And you can make her pan
cakes in a quarter of the time it took
Aunt Jemima I
W ith Aunt Jemima Pancake Flour you can also
make the most delightful muffins, waffles and
breadslick you ever ale! Aunt Jemima Flour
comes prepared for buckwheat cakes, too. Aunt
Jemima Mills Company, Si. Joseph, Missouri
Ise in town, Honey!9
THREE FOUR
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1919.
Published Every Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated Publishing
Company
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to this paper,
and also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches herein are also reserved-
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PA f ABLE IN ADVANCE
Per month
Three months
Six months
Twelve months
Sunday (our weekly) per year
bunaay (.our weekly) per quarter
-f .75
. 2.25
. 4.00
- 7.50
. 2.50
- .75
No Subscription Taken for Less Than 75c'
That Trade With Utah
One tradition of both Arizona and Utah politics, one which in the
past has been responsible for the winning or the loss. of many elections
and which has become almost a custom, would end If Arizona -should
recognize the desires of Utah and dispose of a part of the state situ
ated on the far. side of the Grand; Canyon of tne Colorado. Another
kink would be taken out of political Intrigue in both states.
Utah has approached Arizona to buy what in the northern part
of the state Is known as "The Strip." It amounts to approximately
10,000 square miles lying north of the canyon. A delegation of Utah
legislators is now en route to Arizona to confer with the Arizona leg
islature on the subject. Utah proposes that that part of Its state lying
soutn of the San Juan be traded for the other portion.
It so happens that along "the strip" are seTeral settlements of
small size, and many small cattle ranches, each boasting a few votes.
The dividing line of the two states is more or less undefined through
the enure area, and voters resident a few miles on either side of tne
line may receive their mail at postolflce villages in either Arizona or
Utah.
several years ago, the story runs, a discerning politician of northern
Arizona discovered this condition. Armed with cigars for the men and
candy for the children, he visited "the strip." From the Utah side of
the line he brought to the Arizona side several good voters for regis
tration. In turn. He traded with the Utah politicians by registering a
few of the Arizona voters in the other state. In this manner, ac
cording to the tale, tradition in politics was established in "the strip,"
and tradition, it is said, remains to this day.
Whether this story be wholly true or not, it is certain that the
sale or trade of "l.ne strip" would correct some evils. Today men
residing along the notbern boundary of the state in many instances
are practically residents of Utah, and a majority of them receive tneir
mail at Utah towns and do their shipping and trading in the same
towns. When their presence is demanded in Coconino or Mohave
county seats, they must go through Salt Lake City and around by way
of Los Angeles to reach their destinations at Flagstaff or Kingman.
Utan's otfer to trade San Juan county for this strip has decided
advantages, in that these conditions would be remedied to the entire
sausiacuon of the residents of "the strip." How Coconino and Mohave
counties, the ones to suffer loss in size, would be effected is another
matter which these counties to date have failed to explain.
This much is certain. Arizona would lose "the strip," but would
gain in counties. Instead of thirteen the state would have In' the future
fourteen subdivisions.
Arizona's Draft Record
Residents of this state may look with pride to the statement of
Major H. E. Stephenson, U. S. A., department of the provost marshal
general, who in closing- up the draft records in Arizona declared Monday
in Phoenix that the record of this state in response to the draft was the
best of any commonwealth in the nation.
Cochise county's contribution to this record was not the least in
importance in the state. Representatives of the department of the
provost marshal general, following the last draft, complimented the
local board on the manner in which this county had respond.! to the
call and on the expediency and efficiency with which the draft iad been
handled in Cochise county.
Cochise county' sent hundreds of men to the military branches
of the. army through the draft, and hundreds of them yet are in the
service. It is notable that few of those called to the service in this
county failed to respond promptly, and that delivery of the men to
camps designated was never behind date or delayed. In this manner
Cochise county gave her share to making this glorious record for
Arizona.
To hold the record in response to the draft is an honor of which
the state may justly be proud. Retention of this honor means that
Arizona, the youngest state in the union, led all states in the union
in contribution of manpower and in speedy mobilization that Arizona
was first in war in spite of its isolation and sparce population.
Hero Impostors
One of the popular weekly magazines finds itself under the em
barrasing necessity of publishing a letter from Fiance proving that one
of its recent contributors who described his thrilling deeds as an aviator
abroad was an arrant fraud. It develops that the autobiographical hero
not only did not hold the rank he claimed, but never engaged in any
combats at alL &IftlS
This is not by any means an Isolated case; and in the nature of much
fllmflamming of the public by things the next few years will see fake
heroes. The official records are crowded with recitals of deeds of valor.
With a whole world at war the acts of superb courage have been in
number beyond counting, but sharp watch is necessary if the public
is to protect itself fromj the fakers who never saw a battle, but who
will attempt to trade on the glory of otters.
Fortunately we have a lair test to distinguish the true from the
false. As "the bravest are the tenderest," so is the genuine hero modest.
Thus, in the days to come, a good attitude toward heroes will be this:
"If he says he is, is he?"
The Responsibilities of War
Courage, fortitude, loyalty and self-denial strengthen and ennoble.
They are the virtues of calm weather, more eminently of days of storm
and stress. War permits no flights from responsibility. Every obliga
tion becomes more binding, both in relation to the personal life and
the good of the whole the community or state. It many seem a para
dox that in time of war when life appears to be held most cheap, life
and health come to be thought of as most valuable. The reason is
plain. Physical vigor, physical endurance, physical power begin to have
an increasing Value in the minds of men. Man the physical man
counts, and men begin to make the most of men. The attitude toward
man Is the same as that toward the newest kind of rifle or the latest
type of cannon. What is the best kind and what characteristics are
most ubeful. Even with our brief experience we have awakened to the
nation's need for men with fewer physical defects and greater physi
cal power. The nation is beginning to Bee that if there had been
more interest in public health in time of peace there would be now less
need for long months of training for endurance of necessary hardships
incident to camp life. Arizona Gazette.
Placing the Blame
.
We wonder if, perhaps, Ashurst's bill, seeking to purchase Lower
California didn't provoke Utah's desire to annex a part of Arizona.
A senator says the capital of the United States Isn't legally in Wash
ington. Well, what of it? It Isn't constitutionally in Paris, either.
Give that others may lie February 10 to 17.
The peace conference ha its hands full, says headline. And its
lap loo, coddling the infant, league of nations.
Kirbt Cafe Lizzard: Why do Hank P's customers live bo long?
IVond Cafe Liiard: Tbiy d'n't; it ju-t seems longer, waiting for
MT ice.
BILLS IN SENATE
SEEK TO ABOLISH
SEDITION BANNER
IBv Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 29. Legisla
tion aimed to abolish the red and the
black flags from the state of Arizona
and to prevent the desecration of the
Stars and Stripes was brought up in
the state senate today.
A bill introduced by Senator Parr
of Navajo county, would prohibit the
flying or carrying of red and black
flags or the colors of any unfriendly
nation within the confines of the state.
The bill provides for infraction of such
a law a penalty of a fine not to ex
ceed ? 100. or not more than six
months' imprisonment or both. Excep
tion is made in the case of college em
blems, while banners for amusement
enterprises of legitimate character are
not prohibited. The bill further speci
fies that any flags carrying inscrip
tions "opposed to organized govern
ment" must not be unfurled.
Claridge Bill Passes
Senator Claridge's senate bill No. 6.
which is intended to prevent desecra
tion, mutilation or improper use of the
Stars and Stripes came up for third
reading in the senate and wa3 passed.
The bill was recommended by the na
tional commission on uniform state
laws.
A $25,000 bridge over the Colorado
river in Mohave county was provided
for in a bill introduced by Senator
Herndon. The bill specifies that the
money would become available when
the county of Mohave provides a simi
lar amount.
It was pointed out in the legislature
that the building of this bridge would
form a link in the highway between
Phoenix and Salt Lake City. The
states of Arizona and Utah have had
this route under discussion for some
time, the proposal having been made
that each state build its highway to
the state line, there to be connected.
Echo cf Murder Case
An echo, of the pursuit of Tom Sis
son and John and Tom Powers, viola
tors of the selective act, who are serv
ing penitentiary terms for the killing
of Sheriff R. F. McBride of Graham
county, was heard in the house today.
Expenses incurred in the pursuit of
the trio wanted for the death of the'
sheriff still are unpaid and house bill
No. 53, introduced by request by Rep
resentative Cull, provides for the pay
ment of $167.25 to the Norton-Morgan
Commercial company of Willcox, and
$315 to Page's garage of Willcox.
Other bills introduced in the senate
and house were:
Senate bill 32 by Hicks, providing
fees to be paid on ,the filing of suits.
Senate bill 34 by Buehman, amend
ing the acts provided for the appoint
ment of 9 board of regents for the
University of Arizona and fixing their
terms of office.
Providing Art Commission
Senate bill 35 by Wilkinson by re
quest of the state federation of wom
en's clubs, providing an art commis
sion for the state of Arizona"
Senate bill 36 by Elliott, amending
the act classifying cities and towns by
increasing the salaries of judges. Un
der this bill salaries of members of
the supreme court would be raised to
$7500 a year and the salaries of all
superior ctfurt judges fixed at $5000.
Senate bill 37 by Hicks, providing
for the settlement and distribution of
an estate of less than ?200 without let
ters of administration.
House bill 54 by Perkins, establish
ing Camp Wood game preserve in Ya
vapai county.
House bill 55 by Lines by request.
amending the statutes prescribing the
duties of the boards of trustees of
schools.
House bill 56 by the appropriations
committee, providing for a deficit in
the amount appropriated for motor ve
hicle license number plates.
OFFICERS BAR ESCAPE
OF ALLEGED MURDERER
Senate Would End
Arizona Slanders
By Review I-.eas.Hl Wire)
PHOENIX. Ariz., Jan. 29. The
senate of Arizona today took cog
nizance of what it believes is an
unemi?bie nctorietv acquired by
the state through the medium of
the moving picture screen. De
precating the repeated represen
tation of Arizona as "wild and
wcoly,' the home of gunmen and
other equally evil characters. Sen
ator Hicks of Yavapai introduced
a bill condemning such represen
tation of the state and indorsing
a proposal to film Arizona's beau
ties and ltsources as they are
and l'ot as they have been mis
represented STATE TO PROBE
KIDNAPING CASE
l!v Review leased Wire)
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 29. It was
announced at the governor's office to
day that, following a protest from
the Liga Protectora La tin a, a thor
ough inquiry had been ordered into
the kidnapping of three Mexican citi
zens at Douglas last December and
their subsequent removal across the
Mexican border.
The protest was made to Governor
Thomas E. Campbell and Attorney
General Wylie Jones, the document
being signed on behalf of the league
by C. Rivera Dominguez, president,
and P. G. Lama, secretary.
The men whose seizure and subse
quent deaths inspired the protest
were Manuel Huerta, Alfonso Leyvas
and Tranquilino Silvas.
The memorial to the governor and
the attorney general asks that action
by taken to prevent similar happen
ings in the future and that a full and
rigid investigation be made cf the
Douglas event.
Following the memorial from the
Liga Protectora Latina. there also
was received at the governor's office
a letter from Enriqueta H. de Huerta.
widow of Manuel Huerta, on behalf
of herself and her S-year-old child,
appealing to the executive for justice
in the matter. This also has been
turned over to the attorney general's
department, which has been instruct
ed to conduct the inquiry asked by
the league.
LEGISLATORS ACCEPT
THEATER INVITATION
By Review leased Wire)
PHOENIX. Ariz., Jan. 29 Members
of the state senate have been invited
tc attend a moving picture perform
ance and, so well did they think cf
the opportunity, they appointed a com
mittee of one to ascertain when, the
members of the house could join the
theater party.
When the senate convened this
morning President Jones announced
that he had received a communication
extending to -the senate an .invitation
to witness the performance of a
screen reproduction of the world
known snake dance of the Hopi In
dians. Oa the motion of Senator Young,
who was inclined to believe that the
performance might have some educa
tional value. Senator Parr, who comes
from Navajo county, where the Hopi
dance is held, was appointed a com
mittee of one to ascertain when it
would be convenient for the house to
join the senate in attending the performance.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 29. Sheriff j
John Montgomery of Maricopa county
announced today that he believes
ever?' avenue of escape has been
blocked for Oliver Roberts of El Cen
tre, Cal., who is wanted in connection
with the murder of his wife. Officers
believe that Roberts, who at first was
traced to the Mexican line, has
doubled on his tracks and again is on
American soil. It is possible, officers
say, that Roberts is hugging the
boundary line and traveling in an
easterly direction, although they be
lieve it is more probable that he is
aiming for some interior hiding place.
The body of the slain woman, be
lieved to have-been Mrs. Roberts, wars
found In the bed of the New River,
five miles from El Centro. January 19.
The description of Roberts, given
to Sheriff Montgomery, is: Age.
about 30 years; heisht. 6 feet; com
plexion, dark; smooth shaven; weicht.
160 pounds. Last seen wwiring a
dark, shabby suit, tan shoes and
checkered cap.
A letter lying in the postollice here,
addressed to the woman who was
identified as the victim in the New
River murder case at El Centro. Jan
uary 17, may prove a valuable line
to fastening the crime on th perpe
trator, according to officers who are
working on the case. Th letter is
addressed to Mrs. Olm-r Roberts ami
is declared to le one written to her
by her sister. Mrs. William Uurcess
of Ixis Angeles. Its contents are un
known, but the fact of its arrival here
is taken by olficers to indicate what
had been the plans of the couple who
were variously known under the iiutrte
of Roberts. Watkins ami Ellis
MAIL SACK BARRICADE
SAVES THREE LIVES
By Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX. Ariz., Jan. 29. A barri
cade cf United States mail sacks prob
ably saved the lives oi a mother and
a nursing babe rnd a 3 year-old child
on the road between Holbrook and
Snowflake, Navajo county, according
to Deputy Marshal F. A. Wage, who
has just returned from the northern
part of the state where be was serving
writs in the million-dollar . libel case
of Pandolfo against 66 Arizona bank
ers.
"Sixteen miles out of Snowflake."
said Deputy Marshal Wase, "the stage
in which I was traveling broke down.
We had aboard a woman, a nursing
baby and a 3-year-old child, together
with 2U0i pounds of mail. A 50-mile
wind was blowing across the flats and
the child was nearly freezing to
death.
"The driver and myself piled mail
sacks around the little family, prob
ably saMns their lives.
"After two hours we were able to
continue our trip and reached Hol
brook at 9 o'clock at night. The babv
! wiis severely frostbitten and was at
tended by a physician in Holbrook."
QUARANTINE
ORDER
FAILS UNDER TEST
IN JUSTICE COURT
(By Review leased Wire)
CHANDLER, Ariz., Jan. 29 Fol
lowing the lead set by Douglas where
legal actions, now pending, followed
the promulgation cf a board of health
order to close schools and other
places of public gathering during, the
influenza epidemic, the Chandler jus
tice's court rendered a verdict against
a similar order here.
J. D. Rose and George- Brown, pro
prietors of a dance hall, were arrested
for violating the board of health order
to close during the prevalence of the
influenza.
The constitutionality of the closing
order issued by the county board of
health was attacked following the
trial of the dance hall owners. The
jury which heard the evidence re
mained out only 20 minutes before re
turning a verdict for the defendants.
The case of the defense was based
on the contention that the order was
discriminatory and class legislation
and that the instructions to close did
not include all places of assemblage.
Jurymen, after the hearing, alleged
that an attempt had been made to
discriminate against Chandler in
issuing the order, since, they said,
places of public assemblage in other
towns of the county had been permit
ted to remain open. A further point,
on which the decision was made, said
jurymen, was that the officers had
permitted the dancing to continue
after the arrests had been made, tluis
allowing further spread of the dis
ease, ir it could be so spread, and,
therefore, not doing their full duty
as health officers.
FT TT.-'T-'" TT TT r P KJ7T
REG. LJ. Li. PAT. OFlf.
PVT. ttd f vN
5
When you walk into a dependable
cKr K.trr fcl- (rs. rx-v rC
BuCKKECirr Army Shoes, you "
tail tc sure
That this Army Slioe is up
to s-anaarc1 that it is
made by workmen who
have turned out more than
600,000 Army Shoes under
expert supervision and that
it is backed by a record cf more than fifty
yecrs of honest shoe manufacturing.
Look fcir our registered trade naine
BucKJircHT stamped on th sole of every
Slv-i for our mutual protection.
If not obtainable from your dealer,
send name and your order direct to
BUCKINGHAM & HECHT
Msnufacturers San Francisco
There's j ust one thing
to remember ask for'
the Buckhucht Army
Shoe by name and be
sure that you get it.
Then you will appre
ciate why it is worn by
thousands of
Office Men
Attorneys
Physicians
Hikers
Hunters
Fanners
Orchard is ts
Motortne-n
Conductors
and others in every walk of lift
7.00 to $8.00
INFLUENZA HIGH TIDE
PASSES IN MARICOPA
1 By Review Leased Wirr)
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 29. City offi
cials believe the danger of the iu-i
flueiiira epidemic has passed and cite,
in support of their contention, the
fact t.'at since the reopening of the
city schools last Monday approxi
mately SO per cent of the pupils have
returned to their studies.
Every opportunity is to be afforded
pupils to make up for time lost in the
enforced vacation. Outside classes
have been established and more will;
be opened, while examinations will be
held from time to time to properly
grace th pupils in the high pressure
course of studies.
imMM j. my
8
PAY CASH-PAY LESS
1
W h Cinrjr
ilJlllUW
roam
POWDER
Large Package
21c
B. ANGIUS
3
PURE FOOD GROCER
WHERE YOU CAN DO BETTER
x Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-16109
misimil
NAVY SEEKS RECRUITS.
(By Review Leaded V.'irv)
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Jan. 29. The
United States navy again is seeking
recruits to man Uncle Sam's fighting
ships among the young men of Ari
zona. Gunner's Mate C. M. Murphy from
the Sac Diego station today reopened
the navy's recruiting office here after
it had been closed for nearly three
months. Men between the ages of 17
and 35 are eligible for examination.
NAVY BUGLER MISSED
TORPEDOING THRICE
' REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
TAKE PRISONERS TO PHOENIX.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Jan. L"9. Deputy
Marshal F. A. Wease will leave to
morrow for Tucson wih threo prison
ers who have been indicted and who
have agreed to plead guilty. They
will be brought before Judc Suwtclie
t Tucson.
Two of the . prisoners are Diuiumi
Miteit and Clair Kozer. brought trom
the jail t Pref-rott, the former in
Ji ted on thi charge or telling liquor
! Indians and the hitter accused of a
viouitioii ,f the Mann act. The ttiird
prisoner is Joseph iH kado. otlurwxie
Kdowii as "One-vyccl Joseph," who was
indicted under the Harrison ac! on
the. ilwr.i; m luiiiciiij, opiates lUlo
the slate.
G. li. Cochran, aged IS years, who
left here two years ago to join the
navy, returned here yesterday after
having been mustered Qiit of the trans
port service. He is marvelously de
veloped for his years and has stories
galora about his adventures on the
deep.
Cochran while serving as a bugler
in the navy, went across to England
and France several times and on three
different occasions was the near vic
tim of a torpedoing. Thrice Hun tor
pedoes were aimed t the Koningen
der Nederlander (Queen of the Nether
lands) on which he was a member of
the crew, but each time missed by a
narrow margin.
The ship on which he served and
from which he recently was dis
charged, formerly was a German liner
and therefore is supposed to have
been a special object of enmity of
the boche. Mr. Cochran's brother,
Hamp Cochran returned here from the
army only a few days ago.
For a very small annual rental we will pro
vide a place for your valuables that is absolutely
secure against fire and theft, and that gives you
ONE place for ALL your valuable papers, jewelry,
etc., instead of stowing them away in a dozen dif
ferent insecure places.
Copper Queefl Hotel and High-Pass Cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
KING PETER STRICKEN.
iry Keviow l.cas1 AVirc)
AMSTERDAM, Jan. La. A dispatch
from Laibach says that King Peter of;
Serbia, who has been ill for some ;
time, has suffered a second stroke of
apoplexy.
L J. CRAIG, Independent Gasfitter.
ALL KINDS GAS WORK MY SPECIALTY. G-s Water Heaters and
Ranges installed , and repaired. Gas piping work guaranteed. Prices
reasonable. Phone C68, care H. E. " Weotton. Res. Phone, Black 702.
TRY THE REVIEW WANT ADS FOR QUICK RESULTS
Practical Mining Course
NEXT LECTURE:
Timbering
Raises
By J. W. HARTMAN
Y. M. C. A. Thursday, Jan. 30, 1919. - I and 7 P. PL
s THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1919.
FIVE
DAILY REVIEW WAN7 ADS
Advertisements under this head at tie rate of 1 cent per word each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisements must reach Tie Review office not later than S p. m. for insertion in. next morning's paper.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED 25 reliable carrier boys,
ages 13 to 18. Good pay for steady
position. Circulation Manager, Re
view. Female Help Wanted
WANTED House maid. Phone 37. 225
WANTED Waitress at Copper Queen
hoteL
For Sale
FOR SALE Furniture in 30 rooms
with the privilege of a two or three FOR REXT Furnished housekeep
years lease on property. Bert Clem- j apartments. 1S9 Temby avenue,
er.t. 71 Brewery Gulch. Phone Red one bioc n0rth of high schooL 220
FJH SALE Furniture for four rooms,
and 11 laying pullets. House for
rent. See G. M. Carlisle, first house
south old school. Warren. 215
FOR SALE Furniture for two room 3
complete, also Victrola with records.
Leaving town, must have cash, $110,
without Victrola 550. Dodge car
$450, $250 cash. J. Stern, Tovrea
slaughter house. 216
FOR SALE Furniture for four roomsi
and 11 laying pullets. House, for
rent. See G. M. Carlisle, fust house ,
south old school, Warren. 214 '
;
FOR SALE Seven passenger Stude-1
baker, only driven 2000 miles, good i
as new. This is the best bargain in
Bisbee. Part cash, balance terms, j
See W. L. Smart, the Chevrolet man, i
or call at Long Trail garage. x 223 ;
.FOR SALE In Warren, iour rooms
and bath, lot 40xS0. Part cash, bal-i
ance less than $15 per month. Will;
take cash. Liberty bonds or paper i
your bank will say is good. Not a i
fancy place, but a good comfortable S
home for an investment of less than !
$1800. Box 8S4, Warren.
196
FOR SALE Furniture of four room
house and two room cabin. Privilege
of renting house. 30 Upper LowelL
200
FOR RENT Two or four nicely furn
ished housekeeping rooms. 12 Jig
gerville. 2u7
FOR SAT.F. 40 tn ""ft arro lanrf i.
miles from Bisbee. Will sell at a !
reasonable price. Box 217, Bisbee.
209
FOR SALE $250 cash or bonds, buys
practically new modern four-room
house and bath, two lots, good vard
;;;r: ,vr." T,'J
payments. Warren. Call Red 743.
15 S
FOR SALE OR TRADE In good con
dition. Maxwell roadster for Ford
truck. 35 Jiggerrille. 198
FOR SALE High breed Holstein and
Jersey milk cows, all fresh. Can see
" - f 1J11U" v
nnrman. 194;
FOR SALE One five-passenger
Dodge car in perfect mechanical con
dition. Bargain. Arizona Motor
company, just below Custom House
stop. Phone 194. 170
FOR SALE $250 cash or bonds, buys
practically new modern four-room
house and bath, two lots, good yard
and outbuildings. Warren. Call Red
743. 158
FOR SALE Ford, perfect A-l condi
tion. Liberty bonds and stamps ac
cepted. Brooks Garage, O. K.
street. 150
FOR SALE A Lozier car. cost $2800.
Sale cheap. 143 Opera Drive, John
Nicolich. 154
FOR SALE Sixteen room
house, completely furnished
Hogan & Seed. Phone 10
125
FOR SALE Five room house and-bath,-
furnished or unfurnished. A.
Whitmer. Douglas street. Warren.
Part cash. 123
FOR SALE Ford touring car, A-l con
dition, cheap. At Ford Garage, John
son addition. 60
FOR SALE -Will sell my household
goods, five rooms complete, fumed
oak and of A-l quality, if taken as
they stand. Buyer has privilege of
renting house, one of best in city
and very, desirable location, garage
with house. Address, G. E. N., care
Review. dh-lt
FOR SALE Two lots on Oregon
street, one on Chicago avenue. Lo
well, Johnson addition, each CuxGO
feet. Address M. J. Greenan, Oak
land, Calif, General delivery. 875
FOR SALE Uncalled for suits.
Levin. Lowell. Ariz.
M.
597
Be Better Looking Take
Olive Tablets
If your skin 13 yellow complexion pallid
tongue coated appetite poor you have
a bad ta;te in your mouth a lazy, no-good
Iceling you should take Olive Tablets.
Dr. Edwards OlrveTablets a substitute
lor calomel were prepared by Dr.Edwards
alter l( years of study wita cis patients.
Dr. EdwardVOIive Tablets are a purely
vegetable compound mixed with olive oil.
j cm win Know them by their olive color.
To have a dear, pink skin, bright eyes,
no pimples, a feeling of buoyancy like
childhood days you must get at the cause.
Dr.Edwards' Crtive Tablets act on the
liver and bowels like calomel yet have
no dangerous after effects. 4
They start the bile and overcome consti
pation. 'That's why millions of boxes are
5ld annually at 10c ard 25c per box. AH
druggists. Take one or two nigiitiy arid
ote the picaacg rcult3.
Have
COLOR
CHEEKS
For Rent
.,
FOR RENT Two furnished house- j
keeping rooms, has sink in kitchen.
Back of Brewery Gulch lumber yard.
61 Walsh avenue. 231
ITOR RFVT Tun furnished rrtfims
with bath. 41 Johnson addition.'
Cement house. 230
FOR RENT Two rooms partly furn
ished. 1S7 Naco road, Holbrook
stop.
FOR RENT Large furnished house
keeping, sleeping or batching rooms.
Customs House. 222
FOR RENT Housekeeping room. 56 1
Upper Lowell, across from Lowell
depot. 199
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. 158 Opera Drive. 204
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms.
No children. Garrity house, Jones
hilL 203
FOR RENT Two house keeping
rooms. 71 Upper Lowell. 202
FOR RENT Two nice rooms for
H&at housekeeping. 16 Tank hilL
" 197
ZZ7, ZZZZTZ ' ... . , T IT?,
FOR RENT In Highland park, $20,
garage $2.50, cozy three-room bunga
low, partly furnished, electric lights
and spring water free. Apply J. A.
Finney, Sr phone 257, care Uncle
Jim's, Brewery Gulch. 192
FOR RENT Boarding house partly
furnished. Call after 4 p. m. 162
Temby avenue. Phone 491. 211
FOR SALE Twelve room apartment
house completely furnished. Price
reasonable. 163 Opera Drive. Phone
Blue 71L 134
FOR RENT Nicely furnished four
room house in Warren. Renter must
buy the furniture therein. Phone
74S. 133
FOR REXT Two housekeeping
rooms. 10 Quality hilL
177
FOR RENT Garage. Dr. Teufert.
Tombstone canyon, end ccr line. 160
F.R -NT Furnished room for gen
tlemen, separate entrance.
4S Jig-
gerville.
161
FOR RENT Seven room unfurnished I Horse Shoe Mining Claim, in the War-
house, Navajo trail, Warren: Hoganren Mining District bears North 40
& Seed. Phone 10. 123 11' W. 199.3a feet, the elevation of
R R EXT Rooms, at Mrs. Ross, S3
Jig?ervllle. 143
FOR RENT Three room house.
quire 83
nrS'L ' " Ta"!the Cjty of Bisbee: Thence South S5
3 1 32i' W. 199.06 feet, on a rising grade
ma
FOR RENT Three rooms, $15. 90
Chicago avenue, Johnson addition.
12S
,
FOR RENT Furnished rooms. Broad-!
way rooming house.
ir uk Kt.Ni Garage, $a month. Ap -
piy ijavia fiayiair,, 98. Mason hill,
Phone Blue 647. 97 .
mo r.r-vr- . 7"!
L,, "UT,Q
concrete house. No children.
Allen, Locklin avenue.
FOR RENT Large office room eood
location. Apply to M. C. High
estate. Office, Allen block.
Lost
LOST 'Silver pocketbook.
ciawson
returl to BisbTe Revfe Can ?etai 1
iciuiu iu oisuee neview. can retaiii
contents.
rooming -'LOST Lady's black rocketbook he -
Apply' twien School hill and rantSr
. av.j lln cnOGI mil ana LaptlSt
Baptist
church coutainincr tolenhnno rh.k -
for $14 SVt
ior i4. i.an telephone office.
LOST Either in Lyric show or
around town. Diamond sunburst
LOST
r maer piease return to f. u. liox
2207, Bisbee, for reward. 5S
Wanted
Tlf?
WANTED I want one dozen Plv-
mouth Rock hens and rooster. Don't
ntd tn h full hlnrwl CnHfv f V
Notify c. E.
Wager, upper Moon canyon.
p. o
address, Bisbee.
227
i ljj 2riain Bewme. Airs, h.iiza-
beth Hogan, 115 Quarry canyon. 217
WANTED Either furnished or unfur
nished house. Address, G., care
Review. . dh-tf
WANTED Bicycle or tires. P, Re-
view. 206
WANTED American gentleman for
I room mate, $2 week. 14 Brooks
apartments. 210
Will
! WANTED IX EXCHANGE
trale one nracticallv nfiw S. lihfT
Remington auto-loading rifle for a
small model portable tyncwriter, Co -
rcna preferred. Bos 566, Civ. 20S
VAXTEI Private lessons in Span -
ich Tiii:e arranced for nicht and
day Fhift. I. C, ReTiew.
100
WANTED lishes. lino'eum. stove.
furniture, vie. O. review.
-
!
Money lo Loan
SMALL QUICK LOAN
On your per
sonal note to salaried men and wo-
tuer, al.-u on furniture. Cox Loan
ComivanT. Room 7. Srmrks Kline
building.
"
REVIEW WANT AD5
BRING RESULTS
broach. Finder please return to Re-' ' ' 0 Building, in the City of Bisbee;
view office for reward. 205 .?V'. .. CLon.a minus &rade of thence on a rising grade of 5.40.
; 4.10 for 199.8 feet, at which point for 50 feet, at which int th
Large diamond in Star canyon. ! numbered 12, the elevation is 5.452.47
Miscellaneous
GENERAL. AUCTIONEER Bisbee
Warren district and Cochise county
Can sell your furniture in your
house or your merchandise in your
place of business to your advantage.
30 years experience. Reference,
Bank of Bisbee. Phone 257. P. O. t
Box 1737. Office and residence over
Uncle Jim's, Brewery Gulch. J. A.
Finney, sr.. Auctioneer. 193 I
221'GOSSARD CORSETS FOR
tTom i up. All corsets carefully!
fitted. InPS Warhnrtnn lrl:uW i u t.u, clu4ll w
zona Grocery store, upper Main. 433 j
WRITE TO "T. M. C. A. School. Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train for service. 26S
SCECOND HAND CLOTHES Bought.
Phone 739, City Dye Works. 604
Legal Notices.
ORDINANCE 224
AN ORDINANCE ESTABLISHING
THE GRADE LINES OF CERTAIN
STREETS, AND PORTIONS
THEREOF. WITHIN THE CITY OF
BISBEE, ARIZONA.
BE IT ORDAINED by the Mayor
and Common Council of the City of
Bisbee:
section 1. That the grade of the cen-
ter line of Main Street, in the City of
Bisbee, Arizona, is hereby established,
and hereafter shall be as follows: i
Commencing at a point from which;
mc oouiuwc&l corner oi me Jtair'
Building bears North 46" 53' E. 43.23
Ifl1' Pe ' f he?: 1
feet: the Southeast corner of the
! Jacks Building bears North 52 02'
iV. 20 feet; the elevation of "which :
roint is 5.309.71 feet dPtorminorf fmm
the United States Geological Survey
liencn .Mark, on the Southwest cor- s-laii' VUL "" uul IU cue com
ner of the Phelps-Dodge Mercantile rcarket today the bullish influence of
Company's Store Building, in the City the decisioa not to reduce the . Febr
of Bisbee; thence in an easterly direc- uary minimum cost of hogs. Corn
tion on a minus grade of 3.95 for 162 closed nervous, 2c net lower to lc
feet, at which point the elevation is advance, with May $1.174 to $1.17
5.303.31 feet: thence on a minn jrrartc arl;l July J1-14U to $1.144. - Oats fin-
'of 2.95C4. fnr 34 fpot at ni.ih
the elevation is 5,296.4 feet- i
Sec. 2. That the grade of a portion '
of Tombstone Canyon, in the Cityof ;
Bisbee, Arizona, is hereby established
and hereafter shall be as follows;!
Commencing at a point numbered 1.
t from which corner number 3 of the
which point is 5,682 feet, this eleva-
uou oemg aeterminea irom tne United
States Geological Survev Bench Mark.
at the Southwest corner of the Phelps -
jDodge Mercantile Company's Store, in
ot 3-74vr. at which point the elevation
113 ',UA- ieel: commencing at cor-
ner numDered 1, thence in a North-
. easterly airection on a minus grade of
pnerar V H 1 rant 1 n n ;nn?. n J
6.86 for 1,696 feet, to a. point num -
127jbered 2. at which point the elevation
, is o.ooa.uo ieei: inence on a minus
1 grade of 3.67 for 299.8 feet, at which
point numbered 3, the elevation is
5.554.65 feet: thence on a minus grade
of 3.657c for 199.8 feet, at which Doint
numbered 4. the elevation is 5,547.36
I foof tasiA n-n n . : 3
tuuvt; A LilUUa gldUe UL
!. 2.99 for 499.8 ieet. at which noint
' numbered. 5, the elevation is 5,532.42
real feet: -thence on a minus grace of the office of the City Engineer, en
' 575 ' 415e for 199 8 feet. at which point titled "Map of Subway Street, in
' numbered 6 the elevation is 5,524.13 B'ocks 4-5 and 6. for paving purposes.
'feet: thence on a minus grade of
j2.70 for 199.9 feet: at wiiich point
1 numoerea i, tne elevation is o,5lS.73
1 foot - van.n ; j
' 3 52te toJ f" 6 feCt' at Which POint
rmm huroH s iho c oroiin. ; 107
. 1- - v . ui.i .a u i,-xi7i.uj
: feet: thence on a minus grade of
!3"95tc ff P9J 'eft at which point '
: ?UB,berld the eleTation i3 5.4S1.S4 j
. ftr tbonao nn a min.n r,
; feet; thenee on
: , ,, , lr X , """- ul!.iow ieei, tne elevation Demg ae-
United States
.numbered 10, the elevation is 5,468.64 i Ceogranhinai Survey Bench Mark,
'i 5 , n" n. a minus pade of
i V . . ,1' Bl nicn point
; "- a minus graae ot on a rising "rade of
! S-20 tor 100 feet, at which point j 5.9c fo, 100 feet. at which point
numberea 13 the elevation is 5,449.271 the elevation is 5.174.9 feet:
i r ' eT?de 13 f0r the,center lthezze on a rising grade of 4.40
50 feet, at which point the eleva-
TanTO in.V tq.q .u
' 0f the City Engineer
I - ...
" ' v"-1"-"-
sec. 3. That the rrad of the renter
r V " "" .. "
in the City of Bisbee. Arizona, is here!
hv , ' u-i.
rui vi Auuutr,
by established, and hereafter shall Be
o fAiinwe. : ..
. located on the center line Toll said Ave-
nue. even with the 'orth end lin. nf
Let 19, Block 2. the elevation of said
point being 5,297.39 feet, as deter
mined irom the United States Geolo
gical Survey Beach
Southwest corner of
Mercantile Company
in the City of Bisbee,
feet
at which point the elevation is
oa ,, , . v.. .
. icui, int-iiuv: uu a rifiiiji eriiuu
of for 900 feet, at which point
the elevation is 5.360.S:! fnot: thrn.-o
! on a rising grade of 4.3i'V for 451.22 1
' ieet. at which point the ek vatiou is
1 5,3Sft.2s feet: thonce o'i a risinr grado
! of Z.dVr for S9 feet, at which point the!
! elevation is 5.3S5.2G feet, tor an acru- j
! rate lnc-ation of tho corner '.m. ,f I
Avenue, reference is htrcbv made to!
survey number 10'. on file in ihe of-
fice of the t'itv Engineer.
Sec. 4. That the grade of Subway
S'reet. in the City of Hisbcc. Arizona, 1 "f1 ls i.2'"'4..' foct. lor more defi-
i hereby established i?nd hereafter j ritr infornation rcfrresice is hereby
fhall be as foliovs: Comairnciog at'n"a 1 'i' ftl" In the office
a jMiinf which is 11 fect from the u : l' r.iipniocr. entitled "iTe- a,,vl ,,: rJ-sf- approval and pub
South'vest corni of It 3 lilock 4. in liminary Profile N no K-;aJ." , 1. cat ion.
the City of r.i.-bee. in a line connect-1 c Mr.n t?. Tlint the grade of por-; 'sed. adopted and approved,
iug the Southwot corner of Iaji 3M,iL" of t!.c guarry Canyon Road. init',is t,lc -"t o;y of January. 1919.
f Ltloek 4. anil the Southeast comer cf
! Lot 2. Block . the elevation of which
,V''int iff 5.3'i;.7' fe t. said elevation Ik
irig detciuiiiitd from the United Slates
Mining and Financial News
ll
3Y REVIEW
i NiLW YORK, Jan. 29. Complete
: dcminanee of today's stock market by
! United States Steel was the logical
sequel to yesterday's cut in tne steel
tommon "extra" dividend from 2 to
1 per cent because of smaller earn
ings. Speculators and traders as a whole
interpreted the reduction as especial-
iv nniiehl ti other industrials, in
eluding former "war brides" whose
future disbursements are expected to
be glided by the conservative policy
SAXX-l'.?? .
... . ,, , - ,,
V J
points on a turnover aggregating
about one-third of the day's total op
erations. Associated industrials lost 1 to 3
points, Bethlehem, Crucible and Lack
awanna steels and Republic iron
yielding easily with ' American Car
end Baldwin Locomotives. Coppers
and tobaccos dropped 1 to 2 points
and specialties were ,heavy, but dull.
Rails were affected by additional
December statements of earnings.
Tan Kinrti nf different ralihpr Ma-
rine preferred and Hide and Leather
' preferred, were conspicuous for their
relative strength. Sales lamounted
to ES5.000 shares.
j Aside from Anglo-French 5s, which
I rose a fraction to S97.9S, their maxi-
'mum cinrp the- hnn;l list 1n-
eluding Liberty issues, was irregular,
! mostly at nominal recessions. Total
par vaiue, aggregated $11,875,-
000. Old United States bonds were
unchanged on call.
METAL MARKETS.
vpw VflHK Tan" "9 I oarl
chafed
Spelter-Unchanged.
-Un-
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 29. Reports
that
vessel rates from Argentina to the
United States had been subjected to
Ished le to 2ic down and nrovisions
unchanged to a rise of $1.
:
Closing quoUtions January 29, 1919.
J- Overlook, broker.)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda . 5Sfs
! Amn- can 4o
j Amn. Car . . SSVs ,
! Amn. Smelters 701
I Amn. Sugar 112 j
Baldwin
65?
5STs
55 H
35
15S
59
ein
U- & O.
: C. F. & I.
Canadian Pacific
Central Leather ..;
Crucible
Distillers 52
trie la
General Motors 122
Ind. Alcohol
TJ . n ,
' Lackawanna .' 65
Marine 22
Geological Survey Bench Mark, at the
Southwest corner of the Phelps-Dodge
Mercantile Company's Store Building.
in the City of Bisbee; thence on a
inus grade of 3.27 for 434.12 feet.
'nt wh I f'h rnint (hp lortirinn io K Q
. J v.mvw.w
feet For more complete information
reference is hereby made to a map in
dated January 9th. 1919
Sec. 5. That the grade of the
, Center line of a portion of Naco Road
1 . i . .
h established, and hereafter shall be
1 n . ;
, aa xuiiuvta. v ui:iiii ucwi L; at a
; Doint. where tho rpntpr linf nf an
Kcad intersects the East City limits'
the elevation of which point is
- - ic?o . ... . ... . . , I
at the Southwest corner of the Phelps
Dolge Mercantile Company's Store
i 11011 ,s 5.1 ..1 feet; thence on a rising
: prartii nr l r- fn. cn rnr,t n-htu
c- v - .. i J I 11. i. l, a T, il i v. u
i .p,nt.. tne elvatlon . 5.177.6 feet;
ence on a rising graac of 0.37r for
100 fpot
: e T ,
ticn is 5.1i7.9 feet; thence on a ris
ing grade of 1.40. for 50 feet, at
: whic.h point the elevation is 5,178.6
, ' grsae oi
elevation is 5,1 SO feet; thence on a
ri:'ng grade of 3.07'
for 150 feet.:
l vu,l Pm tne elevation
Mark on tho puuu me cieation is &.i54.tt o'"uc l,i - ,c ior ys.fc reel, at
the Phelps-Dod-e ' , u.cnce on a rising grade oft yomt me eievauon is 5.337.51
's Store Buildin" ' 'r 1 r . 11 . Ieei' ai wtlch point) ,u rising grade of
Arizona- thence eicvauoa is o.iai.s teet; thence ;"--. 'r oaa.oo ieei. at wnicn point
. ' ..on n risi' rrrr5r nf &r rnr- ?. foot the elevation is 5.S71 57 toot ih.iri-
a.13 1.4 ieet: I lenre on a rising pnrto.iwi. at wiuca Doint tno lfvtlnTi
. . -
of . 1,44 r for p9 6 f?et- at which
P01Rt 1150 e evaticn is i..:3..8 feet:
thrncc rn a rising ?racie of e.r'P
Ior 14S7 fcct- at "'.ich ix-int the
li-'Ct.'on i? 5.i;,i.l i-ot; thonce en
a ri .err.da tl l.iy. lev 2."f 4
fo, t' at w- '-r point the fixation is
"'.133.3 feet: t!i nro on a risin.r
r' '-' for L-0 feet, at which
- I,f1" t-H' elevation is .i.2 '2..i fct:'
tier ce on a risin:
;rade of 4$r,
1 fl-r r,' ffet . ",f wlii.h point tbe eleva-
the Citv cf r.isbec. Arizona, is hereby
established, and hereafter shall be
as f'l!'n:- '..r.irj.-iicl'u iu ti e
center oi taiJ luad, at u point which
LEASED WIRE
Marine pfd
Midvale
Mexican Petroleum
Reading
Rubber
98!i
41H
168
73
77 H
754
Republic Steel 724
Studebaker 49 V
Steel com 89 H
Steel pfd 115
St. Paul 37H
Southern Pacific 97 "4
Sinclair Oil 354
Texas Oil 191
Union Pacific 1264
U. S. M
United Motors
45
36H
. . . 70T
So
358
... lltt
... 60
Westinghouse
BOSTON.
Adventure
Alaska . . .
Az. ComL
C. & A. ..
C. & H 435
C. Range
Chino . .
Chile ...
Granby ..
42H
35U
17H
76
44
23
9U
75
44H
S2ii
95
4
3
23's
52
3
10H
8
35
50
13
58
20 V4
121.4
3 -2l4
45
62!,
SVl
90
16
G. Can
Goldfield
East Butte ,
Hancock ,
Indiana
Inspiration . . .
Kennecott
Keweenaw
Lake
La Salle ;
Miami ,
Mohawk
Mayflower ,
N. Butte
Nip
Old Dom
Osceola
Pcnd Ck
Quincy
Ray Con ,
Shattuck
Shannon ,
Superior Boston
St. Marys
Utah Copper
Utnh Cons
Winona
CURBS.
A. & A
.-'.riz. Bing.
Butte & London
Big Ledge
Cal. & Jer.
Cornelia
Cons. Copper
Cons. Arix.
Cosden
Cr?sson
Curtiss . . . . :
4
13
3;
liiV;
6
l?i
7Vs
5
13
17
Denn
Dundee
Emma
Federal
Oil
Gadsden
Green Monster ...
Grand Island
Hull
Howe Sound
Hec'a
Iron Caps
J. Verda
Ma?ma Capper ...
Magma Chief
Miami Con
Mines of America.
Okmulgee
U
S2,
40
4
4V4
15H
Ts
28
l4
10
2t;
is North 60" W. 7 feet from the
Southwest corner of the grounds of
the Loretta School, at which point
the elevation is 5,434.1 feet, this
elevation being determined from the
Bench Mark ot the United States
Geological Survey, at' the Southwest
corner of the Phelps-Dodge Mercan
tile Company's Store Building in
the City of Bisbee; thence on a ris
ing grade of 7.9 for 199.3S feet,
at which point the elevation is
5.449.S5 feet; thence on a rising
grade of 8.95 for 39S.40 feet, at
which point the elevation Is 5.4S5.51
feet; thence on a rising grade of
9.86 for 172.15 feet, at which point
the elevation ia 5.50? 4S feet.
Section 7. That the grade of th
center line of a portion of O. K.
c-. j u - .
oireei, in me city ot Bisoee, An-
tona, is hereby estaolished. and
hereafter shall be as follows:
- 1 Commencing at a point from 'which
the Southeast corner of Lot 1
Block 2. in the City of Bisbee, bears
North 7' 40' W. 61.74 feet, which
point is on the center line ot O. K.
Street, at an elevation of 5,295.71
feet, this elevation being determined
from, the United. States Geological
Survey Bench Mark, located at the
Southwest corner of the Fhelps
Dodge Mercantile Company's Store
Building, in the City of Bistoee;
thence on a rising grade of 9.6 for
99.54 feet, at which point the eleva
tion 1s 5,305.26 feet; thence on a
rising grade of 5.4 for 99.86 feet;
at which point the elevation is
5,310.65 feet; thence on a level
! Erade for 25 feet, at which point the
mju.w mence on
' feet- at 'hich point the elevation is
5"---3 feet; thence
on a rising
is,"" tt riuiS sraae oi iv.ti ior r8.3 ;
- -
: tcef. thence on a rising grade;
' CI i 1' for 59.9a feet, at which'
Pcia: the elevator, is 5.40161 fcet;
ti.encr? on a rtsing grade of 4.5?'-. ;
for 2l:).7 fect. at hich poist the;
' e!f vat ion is 5.41S.31 foef: thence oni
1 a risin? graJe of 5.49'r for 99.S5'
focf- al 'hich point the elevation is!
n.n . .u ordinances, and
farts of ordinances, in conflict with
tht pr)vi.-ions hereof, arc hereby re-
rc';"'- j
c tiou This ordinance thall j
. ,akc effect, an J le in force from and'
JACOII LRECKSOX.
! ATTEST Mayor,
.M L. KUTLER.
4 City Clerk.
(Porphyry SO
iRay Here 24
jTom Reed 171
Tuolomno . . .
U. Eastern ..
S3
4U
34
T
Verde Ex. ...
Verde Combn.
WoL Arix. . .
West End ...
1U
15
White Caps .
OATMAN.
(By Collins A, Brcthtrton.)
Argo ... 06
Adams 02
.03
Arizona Rex
.11
Ariz-Tom R.
Pig Jim Con
Boundary Con6
.03
.06
.03
.03
.03
.07
.02
-04
.04
Gold Ore
Gold Road Bon
Gold Cliff
.15
Lucky Boy ,
.05
.0
Sunnyside 05
Telluride 10
.12
1.71
Tom Reed 1.70
United Eastern 4.22
United Western 02
Red Lion
4.27
.04
.20
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden. 2.87
Green Monster 37
3.001
.44
.13
.87
.04
.41
.18
.11
.40
-25
2.00
.75
.07
Si
.50
.40
6.00
.80
.50
.11
Butte London 12
Dundee .SI
Venture Hill 02
Jerome Verde 37
Ark-Arizona 15
Ins-Needies 06
Hull Copper 33
Magma Chief ; 12
Wolv-Arizona 1.87
Verde Combination ...... .70
Miami Consolidated .03
Grand Island 30
Verde Squaw
Nacozari Consolidated . . .
Con. Cop. Mines 5.73
Porphyry .50
Cal. & Jerome ".4'.
Feather River
THIN PEOPLE
SHOULD TAKE
phosphate
Nothing Like Plain Bitro-Phosphate
Put on Firm, Healthy Flesh and
to Increase Strength, Vigor
and Nerve Force.
Judging from the countless prepara
tions and treatments which are contin
ually being advertised for the purpose I irom US, you can Ilgure on
VStSS-SS&v; h d thu, if
ugly hollows and angles by the soft j you don t specify us. There
SSSSS. STmS j no waste to our lumber. It
and women who keenly feel their ex-! can be used to the last inch.
cessiTe thinness. hf yQ r p ns arft f- ftS
Thinness and weakness are usually J . , ., .
due to sUrved nerTes. Our bodies
need more phosphate than is contain
ea in moaern iooas. v nysicians Claim
there is nothing that will supply thisi
deficiency eo well as the organic phoa-j
phate known among druggists as bitro-'
phosphate, which is inexpensive and i
is sold by J. M. Ball In Bisbee nd
most all druggists under a guarantee
nf aat1ffltlAn rtr moniiT hnrb- R I
feeding the nerves directly and by sup-
L. J. OVERLOCK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Ca-. Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
(HY DYE WORKS
Cleaning & Pressing
Phone 739.
Opp. Y. W. C A.
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc
Reliable House 19 Branch Store.
United Loan Jewelry Co,
BISBEE ;: BREWERY GULCH
Chitta Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED COIilP'Y
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
CEHOGMI
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Belo
COr PER QUEEN HOTEL
CH.H0GAH
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
plying the body cells with the neces
sary phosphoric food elements, bitro-
phosphate quickly produces a welcome
transformation in the appearance; the
increase in weight frequently being
astonishing.
This Increase in wlght also carries
with it a general improvement in the
health. Nervousness, sleeplessness and
lack ot energy, which nearly always
accompany excessive thinness, soon
disappear, dull eyes become bright,
and pale cheeks glow with the bloom
ot perfect health.
CAUTION: Although bitro-phos-phate
Is unsurpassed for relieving
nervousness, sleeplessness and gen
eral weakness, it should not, owing
to its remarkable flesh-growing prop
erties, be used by anyone who does
not desire to put on flesh.
PRIMARY FOR NEW MEXICO
SANTA FE. N. M., Jan. 29. The
first step toward choosing all candi
dates for congressional, state and
county offiecrs by the direct primary
system was taken today when A. A.
Sedillo, speaker ot the house. Intro
duced a bill which, if it becomes law,
will do away with the old convention
system of nominating candidates. The
bill stipulates that the first primary
shall be held on the second Saturday
In .September, 1920, and every two
years thereafter.
i,n hrnnfir!n(r
to Preparing
Specifications
it makes a whole lot of differ
ence what kind of lumber you
- k it fU 1 -
- i "oc " ",v- '""-
our lumber your building Will
- ' a J
a danay.
iisbee Lumber Co
(Incorporated)
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
Lowell Car Stop.
Phone
25
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
I PHONE 15.
O K ST.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully 8ollclts Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR -QUALITY AND SERVICE"
A. OWERS, Mgr., Bakerville '
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & OElce Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 59.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
I
L
Jack BIdg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129 SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, THURSDAY, JAJOJARY 30, 1919.
CITY BRIEFS
Has any one visited you? Or have
you entertained? If so. call The
Review Society Editor, Blacfc 6S1.
that a new church building can be j
; erected this summer. The new pas-;
!tor will hold his first services in War-:
l ren Sunday morning at 11 o'clock. He
I will preach at South, Eistee at 7:30 j
I in the evening. . ,
POUND TO TOMBSTONE.
Joe Pound of Douglas, will spend to
day in Tombstone on business.
MRS. COOPER BETTER.
Mrs. W. H. Copper, who has been
ill with the influenza, has recovered.
UNDELIVERED MESSAGES.
The following messages are at the
Western Union for J. A. Paper, Adda
Palmer, Purtie Niles, Conception Lo-
jpez. Jack Cary, Mrs. Sam Duff, Mrs.
a. t.. iierney tills Kosenberg. ure
goria Licano, J. W. Eigher, Fred W.
Richie, Gaston (care Animal Industry).
PORTER LOCAL VISITOR.
J. M. Porter of Douglas was a vis
itor here yesterday for a few hours.
ADAMS IN CITY.
Cecil Adams of Douglas spent yes
terday afternoon in this city on business.
STORK PAYS VISIT.,
Born to Mr. and Mrs. 'William A.
McN'eal of Laundry hill, January 25,
a daughter.
LEAVES FOR COAST.
Senator Fred Sutter left last night
for the coast to spend about ten days
on business.
MRS. BOSWELL BETTER.
Mra. C. W. Bos well, who has been
ill with influenza for ten days, is re
covering nicely.
GUS BORREGO RETURNS.
A. F.. "Gus" Pcrrego, formerly in
the real estate business in Lowell,
has returned to the district from
France. He recently was discharged
jfrom the 109th trench mortar battery.
Jjorrego lert here last spring for Camp
Cody where he trained until ready to
go to the point cf embarkation for
France.
DRAMATIC RECITAL.
The pupils of Mrs. Maye Esther
English will be presented in dramatic
recital at the high school gymnasium
at S o'clock tonight. Those appearing
in the recital are: Martha Cooper,
Amy Fenner, Helen McDonald, Jean-
ette Xewman, Emily McDonald, Nina i
Fay Stevens, Scotti Mae Hines, Mary
Hennessey and Blanche Campbell. A
nominal admission will be charged.
ROAD MAN HERE.
A. C. Karger, road superintendent,
arrived in the city yesterday from
Tombstone on business.
IGO IS VISITOR.
John Igo, Spanish interpreter for
the superior court in Tombstone, is
in the city for a brief visit.
VISITS COUNTY SEAT.
"Red" Gannon, former deputy sher
iff, returned yesterday from Tomb
stone after a few hoars' visit.
MRS. WADE BETTER.
Mrs. John Wade of Warren, who
has been ill with influenza, was re
ported to- be better yesterday.
BURNHAM, LOCAL VISITOR.
Presley Burnham, special agent for
the El paso & Southwestern railroad
was in the city for a few hours yesterday.
BACK FROM TOMBSTONE.
Attorney S. H. Kyle .and Bassett
Watkins have returned from Tomb
stone where they spent Tuesday on
legal business.
HAYHURST PAYS VISIT.
Sam J. Hayhurst, a line rider for
the United States customs service,
was here yesterday from his head
quarters In Naco.
BACK FROM COAST.
J. P. Chaido. who recently accom
panied the body of his wife to San
Diego for Internment, has returned to
his home at Warren.
EPWORTH LEAGUE.
The Epw&rth League will give a
social in social hall of the Methodist
church at 8 o'clock Friday evening.
Everyone is cordially Invited to at
BACK FROM ARMY.
Ssl Ben Kelly, who recently was
discharged from the ordnance corps
at Camp Kearny, arrived in Bisbee
yesterday and will resume his local
residence.
DELIVERS LECTURE.
The Knights of Columbus hall was
well filled Tuesday night when Rev.
Father C. Mandin, rector of St
Patrick's Catholic church, delivered an
educational lecture.
CONVENTION HAS
GREAT ENTHUSIASM
The greatest enthusiasm ever wit-
OFFICERS BAFFLED BUT
TWO SUSPECTS JAILED
COUNTY DICE BAN
Business Locals
CAR "DETOPPED." 4
'Twas a wind. 'Twas a strong wind
the wind that ruled the hats worn
by motorists going over the divide be
tween this city and Tombstone Tues
day when it showed no respect for
their rlghtlul place in the world and
hurled them high above the surging
dust created by passing cars. But
this wind was foiled only for a time,
however. A Studebaker car operated
by the Rockhill stage was protecting
its passengers' headgear with its top
which was drawn close with side cur
tains attached, but the "crool" wind,
bent on inconveniencing tourists, lift
ed high the top and left the car sans
overhead protection. The passengers
continued their journey with handker
chiefs tied over their hats, defying
the elements.
EAGAN RETURNS HERE
TO RESUME POSITION
Thomas H. Eagan, secretary of the
Warren District Commercial club, ar
rived in Bisbee yesterday from Wash
ington. D. C. following his discharge
from the army, and will at once re
sume his posit on with the district's
booster body.
Mr. Eagan waj id the engineer corps
and was stationed at Washington Bar
racks. For a time he got the active
field" training Incumbent upon all men
entering the army and learned to
wield a "muck stick" in digging
trenches and preparing fortifications
is the training camp.
Latterly he was for three months
acting as assistant secretary at the
staff officers training school, at which
officers are trained for service on the
staffs of the various training camps
of the nation.
The popular secretary , evidently
throve cn the work as he is .heavier
than when he left and is the picture j
of health.
nessed at a gathering for the particu
lar purpose of boosting good roads in
this state was seen at the Arizona
Good Roads convention in Phoenix
Monday, Tuesday and yesterday, ac
cording to John J. Bowen, who re
turned here yesterday with I. C. E.
Adams, J. R. Henderson and J. C.
Ryan. The remainder of the 27 dele
gates from Cochise county remained
over one day.
Mr. Bowen said he had never wit
nessed such enthusiasm for good
road3 nor such undivided opinion that
a 30-million dollar bond issue was
needed. Men of substance from all
parts of the state not only stood for
the Issue, but for the stated amount.
The final recommendation to the leg
islature was for an issue of 30 mil
lions, live millions to be appropriated
for the first year's road improvements
and the remainder of the bonds to be
sold as they were needed; that is, as
road work was planned each year
to use the funds, 'inns tne state
would avoid having to pay interest
upon funds for which no need had
arisen.
At the close of the convention the
delegates from each county chose a
county - doctor. Mr. Bowen was
chosen from Cochise. The delegates
later met and elected a president and
secretary. It was decided that the
directors should meet on the fourth
Monday of each January. Each direc
tor also was instructed to solicit mem
berships. The campaign for member
ships in this county will start as soon
as the necessary blanks have arrived.
The membership fee is 52.
While the officers of the district
and county confessed themselves baf
fled yesterday because of the seeming
inability of any one of the members
of an automobile party held up and
robbed on the road between Don Luis
and Osborn, Tuesday night, to identity
any of the men brought before them,
nevertheless every clue was being run
down yesterday and two suspects were
detained pending further investiga
tion. The three masked robbers flagged
down an automobile containing Lon
Bottoms, Allie Moseley, Melvin Ru
dolph and three young women, and re
lieved Bottoms of $267 in cash, a dia
mond ring valued at $100 and another
ring valued at $20, also taking $10
from the driver.
Because of the darkness no depend
able description of the robbers could
be obtained. It is thought, however,
that they were familiars of Bottoms
and knew he carried the large sum of
money of which he was relieved.
YOUTH CONFESSES TO
THEFT OF AUTOS
WANTED RAGS.
Cleac, cotton rags wanted at The
Review office at once. Must be clean.
Having in his custody H. R. Gibson
and A. H. Cooper, boys of IS years,
and a Ford automobile, the body of
which belonged to one owner and the
engine alleged to belong to another,
Deputy Sheriff C. P. Hillman of Pima
county left here yesterday for the Old
Pueblo, driving overland.
After holding out since Monday and
declaring himself innocent, young Gib
son made a confession yesterday
morning saying that he and his com
panion had stolen the car of Norman
Selby in Tucson last week, and an
other one, had changed their engines,
wheels and bodies, so that they were
unrecognizable. The car which caused
their arrest here by Xight Sergeant
Hill Ruff had the engine of Selby's car
but the body and wheels of another.
This combination for a time puzzled
the officers, but with the confession
made by Gibson, all became plain.
LIFTS FEBRUARY 1
The ban on dancing in parts of Co
chise county outside of Bisbee will be
lifted February 1, according to Dr.
Harry A. Reese, county superintendent
of public health, last night. As far as
he was concerned, he said, the ban
would be lifted and unless conditions
were worse, would not be renewed.
No expression was obtained from
Dr. D. C. Brown, city health officer,
as to what the attitude of the city
health department would be in the
matter, although it wa9 understood
originally that the quarantine should
ba in effect until February 1.
"I can see no good that the present
inhibition of dancing is doing."
said Dr. Reese. "1 have made
inquiry of the quarantine officer to
learn whether any of the persons now
under quarantine in their homes con
tracted the disease at dances. He has
told me that as far as he could dis
cover by Inquiry there were none. The
majority of the people now under
quarantine contracted the disease by
making friendly Tisits upon those suf
fering from It. while there are some
school children who presumably con
tracted it in school."
BLACKSMITH COAL
Just unloaded one car of Ajax
smithing coal. Brophy Carriage com
pany, Lowell. 52
8 o'clock p. m. The presence of every
member is earnestly roqu-'sted. as
manors ot vital importance will come
up for actiou. besds election of of
ficers. 164
NOTICE
Electrical wiring promptly done by
P. C. Lyman. Phone orders to 4SS.
Bisbee.
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Bisbeo-Tom'ustone. leaves - Bisbee,
Bisbee Auto company. 7:45 a. m., 1:30
p. m. Pnone BisVe 5. Adv.
. L. L. Cilmr.n sei!s the New Edison,
-The Phcnon-ph Wi'h a Soul."
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath, 9S Mason
Hill. Mason car stop. Phone Blue 647.
ARIZONA, AUTOMATIC AIR
ASSOCIATION
Annual meeting of the Arizona Auto
matic Air association will be held at
City HalJ Thursday. January 30, 1919.
Painter ami Paper Hnnsing, Signs.
C J. BRANDT
Box 150. 27 Broadway. Phoms 456.
DR. ANNA EKOLA
Foot specialist, is now at the Elec
tric Shoe Shop, Brewery Gulch, also
agency for Wizard Arch supports. 14 )
WHISKY SHIPMENTS It!
TRANSIT UNDER GUARD
CAMPAIGN PLANS FOR
FUND WELL UNDER WAY
BACK FROM HONEYMOON.
Mr. and Mrs. P. L. Thomas, whoi
were married recently in Louisville,
Ky., have arrived here to make their
tome. Mr. Thomas is connected with
the Central pharmacy.
TO ATTEND FUNERAL.
After coming here to attend the
funeral of Lloyd L. Stewart, J. F. Pat-
tersdn, special offkor far ttc El Paso i
& Southwestern railroad, returned to
his headquarters at Douglas yesterday.
ON DUCK HUNT.
A duck hunting party composed of
"Elcndy" Davidson. James Gannon
and J. A. Poppe left last evening for
Rodeo, N. M-, with the intention cf
hunting ducks on the Cienegas to the
south of that place.
Plans for conducting the campaign
to raise Cochise county's $25,000 quota
in he nation-wide campaign for the
relief of suffering Armenians, Syria us
and Jews in the near east, are rapidly
being completed with the appointment
of committees in each county of the
state to carry on the work. EL H.
Nicholson, a representative of the
state organization, with headquarters
at Phoenix is making the appoint
ments in the southeastern section of
the state.
Mr. Nicholson was in the city Mon
day, but did not complete his work
here with the exception of appointing
T. O. McGrath chairman of Cochise
county. The organization at Douglas,
it is understood, has been completed.
The campaign, which will be con
ducted early next month, wiii be In
charge of State Chairman Dave Gold
berg of Phoenix, with Charles W. Wil
lis of this city, state organizer.
Grand Theater!
TODAY Continuous, 4 to 11 p. ml TODAY
m Y HiPPortRnniiir t?
V AUDEVILL
DAVIS ELLISON
GYMNASTIC STUNTS,
TURNER & ROBERTS
XYLOPHONISTS DE LUXE
THE CARR TRIO
COMEDY SINGING, DANCING AND TALKING
QUERRY & GRANDY
TRAPESE CONTORTION SUPREME
Original up-to-date Novelty.
Also, HELEN GIBSON in her new Railroad thriller
"UNDER FALSE PRETENSES"
L-KO Comedy Presents "NUTS and NUDDLES"
And, JACK MULHALL and JU ANITA HANSEN in
the 9th Episode of
"THE BRASS BULLET"
Completes an exceptionally fine bill.
ADMISSION: LOWER FLOOR, 35c; BALCONY, 25c
THIS INCLUDES THE WAR TAX
I
I The people of "dry- states are not
to be trusted to keep away from liquor
i in transit, apparently, as under the
government railroad administration,
j every shipment of whisky or other in-
? toxicating beverages, passing throusrb.
this state into California, Is carefully
watched by an armed guard from the
time it enters the state until It em
erges into California.
This applies not only to carload
shipments or other large quantities
but also where so small a quantity of
liyuor as one case is sent through.
Every interstate shipment of liquor
passing over the El Paso & Southwest
ern now is guarded by special officers
of th road, who travel in relays, re
lieving one another at given points.
Central Theater!
LOWELL Continuous 1:00 to J1:C0 p. n. TODAY
The greatest melo-drama cf ell times
"THE
A 2 A
JS Mm77
-cJso-
U. S. Division of Films on Public information presents
the first of a series
"IF YOUR SOLDIER'S HIT"
Pathe presents the second Episode of
'THE LIGHTNING RAIDER"
and
A Paramount Sermett Comedy, in two reels
"His Wife's Friend"
Adults 18c, war tax 2c, total 20c
Children 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Reserved seats 30c
Today
ONLY
THEATER
Continuous
J From
1:00 to 11:00
P.M.
That Delightful Star of the Silent Drama
MA1Y PIOJTOID
1 IN
"Hon CnM Yn Jn"
AN ARTCRAFT PICTURE
A delightful characterization of an impoverished girl who becomes a cook. Also
A BIG "V" COMEDY
Featuring Earl Montgomery and Joe Rock in
"CHUMPS AND COPS"
Lower floor, 13c, war tax, 2c, total. 15c Balcony 9c, war tax lc, totaL
Reserved seats 22c war tax 3c tntnl 9Kr
10c
ft
nr
OVER FROM DOUGLAS.
. W. IL Webster, assistant manager
of the reduction works of the Phelps
Dodge corporation. Copper Queen
branch, at Douglas, returned to his
home Wednesday morning, after
spending the previous night in this
city. ,
SCHOOL CLOSES.
The military school at Ft. Huacbuca
for the training of officers in the use
of the machine gun, closed Saturday,
according to word reaching here. A
total of 32 officers attended the school
which extended over a period of eight
weeks.
EXPECTS FAMILY SOON.
R. R. Belknap of the Shattuck Ari
zona force, expects his family to re
turn here soon from the east where
they have been visiting for some time.
Mr. Belknap has taken an apartment
in the apartment house of La. R. Allen,
upper Tombstone canyon.
NEW PASTOR ARRIVES.
The Rev. Thomas A. Mitchell has j
arrived here to assume the pastorate '
of the Union church at Warren, vice I
the Kev. A. J. Irwin who recently
l?ft here for Tennessee. The Rev.
Mr. Mitchell came Trom Silver City,
N. M., where he had been for three
years. It is his hope that he can
build up the congregation and arouse
interest in Warren to iuch an extent
- - "4
mywL today
?fr fjr
CONTINUOUS
1 TO 11 p. m.
-X--.-- WfC Wer -dH
f thT8H&S oftCYPT ir the if ory cf
fwjjcexcnicn ci ceo for vohah
EAGLE THEATEI
SHOWS START 1:00, 2:55, 4:45, 6:35 AND S:30 P. M.
SELIG'S MASTERPIECE SUPREME
? w a
f A
Vibrant with the voice of human emotions,
appealing with its enchanting melody of life,
and throbbing with the surge of mortal hopes is
Robert Hichens' noetic drama of the desert
rnn
The Screen's Most Gorgeous and Colossal
Dramatic Spectacle and a triumph unparalleled
. in the history of Stage or Screen.
SPECIAL MUSIC
BY SIX-PIECE
ORCHESTRA
r
3
By Robert HICHENS
Featuring
Helen Ware and
Thomas Santscni
iff
The Screen's Most Gorgeous and Colossal Dramatic
Spectacle. Romance of the Great Sahara Desert.
IN TEN BIG ACTS! :::::: DONT MISS IT
ADMISSION: CHILDREN 15c, ADULTS 25c, RESERVED 35c! (THIS INCLUDES THE WAR TAX.)