te life
v
WEATHER
LITTLE ADS
Sunday snow north
partly cloudy south.
colder; Monday fair.
VOL. 21, NO. 228.
FATE
P
LEAGUE PLAN PROVIDES FOR
COMBINATION
OFITIOiL
DRAFTS GOES
TO PREMIERS
American, French, English and
Italian Leaders Are Given
Composite Form of Society
Drawn From All Advocates
Accord Reached by Council
Concerning Disposal of Ger
man Colonies Far Reaching
in Details and Authority
PARIS. Feb. 1. (By the Associated
Press.) Leon Bourgeois, the French
delegate on the Society of Nations, to
day presented to President Wilson,
Premier Clemenceau, Premier Lloyd
George and Premier Orlando the text
of the proposal for the formation of
the league as agreed opon by the in
ternational , organization, embracing
the American, of which 'William H.
Taft is president; the BritlBb, of which
Viscount Grey is president; the Ital
ian. French and other associations.
'. M. Clemenceau had previously ask
'id M. Bourgeois to secure an agree
ment on the details among the advo
cates of the project in all countries,
and the plan presented today was in
response to this request.
It provides for compulsory arbitra
tion in all disputes without exception;
the limitation of armaments and a se
ries of penalties against nations pro
voking war, and a detailed provision
Is made for the organization of a so
ciety of nations, to which all coun
tries giving guarantees of loyal Inten
tions are admitted.
TERMS OF AGREEMENT
PARIS, Feb. 1. (By the Associated
Press.) The record reached by the
council of the great powers concern
ing the disposal of the German colon
ies and occupied regions of Turkey,
In Asia, is much more definite than
Is generally supposed, and, besides
acceptance in principle of the Amer
ican plan of mandatories, it embraces
the following main features:
The allied and associated powers
are agreed that the German colonies
shall not be returned to Germany,
oar'.nj to mismanagement, cruelty and
the use of these colonies as submarine
bases.
The conquered regions of Armenia,
Syria, Mespotomania, Palestine and
Aram ia shall be detached from the
Turkish empire.
Colonies Sacred Trust
Provision is made whereby the well
being and development of backward
colonial regions are regarded as the
sacred trust of civilization, over which
(Continued ea Pa Two)
STRIKERS BREAK CONTRACT
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 1.
Charles Piez. director general of
the emergency fleet corporation. ,
In a formal statement Issued late
tonight on the ship workers strike
on the Pacific coast, said that "so
long as the workers remain away
from their posts, the Emergency
LEAGUE PROBE
(By Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO. Feb. 1. The con
gressional committee investigat
ing the national security league
concluded Its hearing in Chicago
today and adjourned to meet In
Washington.
Today's witnesses were Willet
M. Spooner. secretary of the Mil
waukee branch of the league;
August H. Vogel, president of the
Milwaukee branch; Peter S. Lan
bros. Chicago, member of the com
mittee of the Chicago branch
which Investigated Into the qual
ifications of certain congressional
candidates last fall, and Edgar A.
Bancroft, chairman of the execu
tive committee of the Chicago
branch. v
The men from Milwaukee testi
fied that the league. In their city
adopted a resolution in 191$ bind
lag the league to staer absolutely
rrvn
n
AND
In French City
PARIS, Jan. 24. (Correspond
ence of the Associated Press.)
The American military policeman
is about the most all-pervading
thing in the city of Paris. The ma
chinery of registration in and out
of the railway stations cannot be
penetrated by those "absent with
out leave."
In the unexpected places and at
the unexpected times the "M. P."
is likely to step up to ft soldier
and and ask curtly "Tour permis
sion, please."
If a permission is not exactly in
order, if its stamped time limit for
Paris has expired, the offender is
taken to the provost marshal's of
fice and it is a serious matter aft
er that.
But as one of the "M. P.'s" re
marked: "It sure does work all
right, and it is hard to beat."
TO AID REGULARS
(By Review Leasad Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 1. Reiterat
ing In the house today charges that
nationad guard officers were removed i
from their office after practically con
tinuous fighting service to make room
for regulars. Representative Gallivan
of Massachusetts, democrat, read a
letter signed by 40 wounded officers,
saying investigation would prove that
medical officers had been ordered to
report as unfit, men who might re
place the regulars assigned for duty.
The letter also asserted that nation
al guard officers and reserves were
sent Into the thick of the fighting
while the regular army men were held
back. Asked by Representative Ham
ilton of Michigan who was responsible
for the removal of the national" guard
officers after months of service on
the front line. Mr. Gallivan said it
was due to "the Leavenworth clique.
by its Influence with the high com
mand." The Hugh command he ex
plained, was the general staff In Wasn
ineton. Referring to Major General Leonard
Wood, the letter read by the Massa
chusetts representative said:
"When General Wood visited the
front he was treated more like a
German 6py than an officer of the
United States. We have the word of
several colonels that know him well
for this. He was ordered back from
his visit here without being allowed
to visit the Italian front, or returning
through England, as he was Invited
to do by Lloyd George.
"General Wood was the idol of the
army, officers and men alike, and was
one of the most efficient officers, yet
he was kept in a corner all the time.
w&u did itr
Fleet corporation cannot treat
with them."
The statement saya the strike
is a direct violation of a solemn
contract entered Into by the Amer
ican federation of labor, repre
senting the shipyard workers; the
United States navy and the Uni
ted States shipping board, emerg
ency fleet corporation.
IS CONCLUDED
clear of politics and adhered
scrupulously to that covenant.
" The allegation of members of
the congressional committee that
the acid test chart of the New
York branch of Cie security
league was unjust received some
support in an Individual opinion
elicited from Mr. Bancroft.
Whereas the chart sketched eight
war measures on which the con
voted "right' or "wrong" as
viewed by chart makers, and on
the face of it gave the vote on each
measure equal value. Mr. Bancroft
thought the vote a test of loyalty
became more and more important
as the United States drew closer
to war. He had seen the chart be
fore, he said, and regarded it only
as an index which might guide
investigator who tesefl ta pur
sue tha ruftjtt.
GUARDS
sura
THE BISBEE DAILY
n n
ril
S. STEAMERSTRIKERS BAR
NARR AGAN SETTi
GOES ON REEF FROM VISITING
TROOPS SAVEDIOWN PROPERTY
In Blinding Snow Storm, but
in Calm Sea, Great Trans
port With 2000 Yanks
Aboard Strikes Rocks
iEv Review Leased Wire)
SOUTHAMPTON. Feb. 1 (By the
Associated Press). In the early hours
of the morning In a calm sea, but a
blinding snow storm, the American
steamer Narragansett ran on sub-
merged rocks off the east end of the
Island OL n ijui, huicu uaic naiureu
many victims in the past.
The crew was American and the
ship carried 2000 soldiers.
MoBt of the men were in their bunks
when the crash came. Bugles called
them to the decks. All were ordered
to stand and to put on life belts. Tugs
attempted to draw the ship off the
rocks but failed. Then destroyers took
the troops off without loss. They
were brought to Southampton. -
The Narragansett was so badly nam
aged that salvage officers thing she
will be a total wreck.
PIAVE PASSENGERS SAVED
(Bt Review Leased Wire)
DEAL, Feb. 1. All aboard the
American steamer Piave, wrecked off
here, have been accounted for. There
1b no loss of life.
Passports Voided
When Women Ask
To Parade France
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1. In connec
tion with the cancellation by the state
department of the passports of Miss Gompers. decided tonight to support these rorces is not Known omctany
Mildred Morris of Denver and Miss the Belgian socialists and trade un-in ashmgton. no report on this ha v
Cam Wold of Portland Ore., just be- ionists. who refuse to meet the Ger- i ins been made in some weeks. Army
fore they were to sail for France this mans at either the socialist cr trade j officials said, that the body of troops
week was stated at the state de- union congress which wiU convene j now retreating before well-armed and
nartment today that the two women ! simultaneously at Berne next week. ; reinforced bolsheviki was small, be-S-LL
.t. .11 ZZ J This decision was adhered through ins little more than an advanced post.
nau icvicui .
Ing abroad for war work an-d that the
cancellation order was issued when
the department learned they had been
engaged In the activities of the
woman's party before the white house.
A statement Issued by the woman's
ni-t Vnailmijirters -.lerlfirivt th.1t some
i o Ub me,mber8 already were In
France and that It was their Inten
tion to -petition the president by
banners and demonstrations where-
ever he goes, for enfranchisement of
American women." The statement
quoted a number of inscriptions for
banners whlcfa it was said Miss Mor
ris and Miss Wold would have dis
played outside -the peace conference
and before the president's residence
In Paris If they had been permitted
to sail.
Villa Threatens
To Storm Juarez
(By Review Leased Wire)
JUAREZ. Mex.. Feb. 1. Threats
made by General Felipe Angeles, a
Villa general, to attack this city on
February 6, the anniversary of the
adoption of the old Mexican consti
tution, has caused the military auth
orities to employ a battalion of sap
pers digging trenches outside the city,
place machine guns and field pieces
in Fort Hidalgo and double all out-
poBt guards on all Bides of Juarez.
Coionel Mora, garrison commander,
announced he was not anticipating an
attack but was taking every precau
tionary measure against a surprise by
Villa's command, which is reported to
be in the Juarez district.
Rumors were In circulation here
late today that General Angeles had
made a formal demand for the sur
render of the town but this was de
nied. His command is reported to
fee tifty milts soutsaaM of hare.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire
REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919.
ABSRKAKB
COMPULSORY ARBITRATION
Mm flfi
PLANT OWNER
s
Situation in Belfast Becoming
Ugly ; Employers Refuse
Offer of Conference With
Workers; Deadlock Ensues
BELFAST. Feb. 1. (By the Asso
ciated Press.) The striie situation
here is assuming an uglier phase.
Strike pickets have intimated to the
owners of two of the big shipbuilding
lanU hat h m tj u d
to visit their works without a per
mit from the strikers committee.
No outbreak of disorders was re
ported up to a late hour tonight. The
refusal of the. government to inter
vene in the strike and the non-acceptance
by the employers of the lord
mayor's invitation to confer with the
strikers brought about a complete
deadlock.
The men's leaders declare they will
not give way and are dWQtiag their
'energies to strengthening their posi-
tion by obtaining co-operation of labor
in other parts of Ireland.
The Protestant bishop of Down has
circulated a prayer for peace and de
liverance from disorder and confusion.
Meanwhile, the city is outwardly
calm, although the streets are crowd
ed. American Labor
Delegation Will
Assist Belgians
PARIS, Feb. 1. (By the Associated
Press.) The American Federation of
Labor delegation, headed by Samuel
I r r . .v.
a iwu uay 3 session, unpue me jiiu-
tests of the British and French trade
unionists, who will go to Berne tomor-
potjp
Mr. Gomcers told the Associated
Press todav that the commission on
international legislation on labor has
not as yet decided when to hold its
next session.
At the meeting of the commission
this morning, when officers were elect
ed. M. Colliard, the French minister
of labor, in proposing Mr. Gompers as
president of the commission, said:
"No one appears to me to be better
qualified than the president of the
greatest and most powerful workers'
organization in the world. Such a
choice would, furthermore, be legiti
mate homage to his life's devotion to
the workers, entirely consecrated to
the struggle for social Justice.",
America Renews
Ancient T reaty
WASHINGTON. Feb. 1. By an ex
change of notes today between As
sistant Secretary f State Phillips and
MinUter Bryn. of Norway, the treaty
of commerce and navigation between
the United States and Norway, which
was denounced by the state depart
ment a year ago, effective tomorrow,
was continued in force with changes
eliminating articles in conflict with
the seamen's act of 1915.
The treaty, nearly a century old.
was one of a number of such conven
tions which the American government j York to confer with managers of Art
found it necessary to denounce w 1th zona, Montana and Utah copper mines.
the required year's notice because of t as to the steps to be taken to avert
conflict with the seamen's act. The ; serious unemployment threatened by
sections eliminated relate to Norweg- j curtailment or mine operations. Send
ian consular control over Norwegian j ing of the committee was decided up
seamen in American rorts. Without -on at the conclusion of a conference
them the treaty remains in effect Just j of employed miners with Secretary
as it was negotiated in 1827. Wilson.
Service
K
PUBLIC MINERAL LANDS
IN LONG BEL A YED BILL
(By Review Leasd Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 1 The dead
'ock in congress on oil land leasing
legislation was broken tonight, when
senate and house conferees reached
a tentative agreement on the bill
which has been in dispute since Ias.
May. Chairman Pittman cf the senate
managers, announced that changes
would be made public Monday after a
final meeting of the conferees.
The bill, which has been pending
before congress for four years, affects
the development of more than 50.000.
000 acres of public mineral lands in
the west. It also provides for the
opening of approximately 6.000.000
RUSSIAN PROBLEM
PUZZLES OFFICERS
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1. -The situa
tion in the Archangel district is re
garded by militry officers in north
ern Russia as extremely critical.
Advices to the war department to
day made no reference to an appeal
for reinforcements, but At -was said
here that inasmuch as this was a mat
ter for determination by the supreme
war council at Paris, a more complete
report had been sent to that body,
possibly with a request for additional
support. Reports that the bolsheviki
armies were using gas shells was tak
en here by some officers to mean
that this equipment had been supplied
through German sources, notwith
standing the terms of the armistice
and if this was established as a fact
it was intimated that drastic action
against the Germans would be taken
by Marshal Foch.
Available figures obtained by war
department officials show that the
British force in the region of the north
is approximately 6000, American 4500.
French 1500, loyal Russians under Bri-
I sh officers l-'OO and 1000 other sos
diers or one or the smaller amea
countries. The exact disposition or
BanArl. nf itt mil iwHrpmnit. how-
. .
ever, led experts to believe that a
larger body was engaged than had
.been supposed. General March, chief
of staff, expressed the opinion a week
ago that the number of troops in the
advance south from Archangel was
sufficient to keep the situation in
hand.
Use of gas and high explosives by
the bolshevikt was looked upon by
army men as the most disquieting fea
ture of the reports, as they affected
Americans. Taresevo from where the
Americans had been forced to retire,
is a 6mall town, directly south of
Archangel. It does not appear on
war department maps.
OFFICIAL STATEMENT
ARCHANGEL, Feb. 1 (By the As
sociated Press.) An official state
ment on the operations of the north
Russian front issued today, says:
"Wednesday and Thursday the bol
sheviki 6trongly attacked the positions
at Taresevo, compelling the allies to
retire northwards, and they are now
holding positions SO miles north of
Taresevo. It is reported that the bol
sheviki are using gas shells; the al
lies are completely equipped with anti
gas apparatus.
ln Murmansk allied ratrols consist
ing of Karelian volunteers have reach
ed Ondozero. From this village the
Karelians have been enabled to en
list' more volunteers."
MINERS' CONFERENCE
(Pv Review I.eated Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 1. A commit
tee representing the department of
labor and the treasury went to New
t,. "V. - X
La
acres of oil land and its development,
through a leasing system or outright
purchase; the opening up for develop
ment of 40.000,000 acres of western
coal land, and vast tracts of other land
containing deposits of gas. phosphates,
oil. shale and sodium.
Included in the bill is a section af
fecting the naval oil reserve in Cali
fornia and Wyoming, but Senator Pitt
man, in behalf of the senate ana
house conferees tonight declined to
make public the conferees agreement
as to these reserves. He said that
the conferees believed the provision
adopted would meet the approval of
the navy department.)
HOOVER NOT AGENT
OF HEAT PACKERS
Mini S5IIMIOTM
immw wmoyijiY SWELL
, , . of the American forces in France
wcu?v lmade Dubli0 toda- bv G?nral March.
WASHINGTON Feb. l.-Discussing chief of staff, show that approximately
the re ation of the food adtmnistra- 10000 nien whplK. unaccount-
VlS11 the lAe PkiS intests. ed for nearly lhrel njonths aft h
W. A. Glasgow. Jr.. counsel for the ad- ending of hostnilies, The deaths.
ministration, told the senate sgHcui-, missing and known prisoners are tabu
tural committee today that the visit , laied to Januarv 10 for each of
of Herbert C. Hoover to Europe was the so j divisions of General
m,,B" , V v i i
packers and that the sole purpose of
the trip was to arrange food relief for ;
European peoples. Mr. Glasgow ap--
peared before the committee m con-
section with hearings on- the rending,
bUi VLTP1 "drtnr.
Asked by Chairman Gore if one ot,
Mr. Hoovers objects in going to Eu -
rope was to "make a bigger market j
for the packers." Mr. Glasgow replieu
that "Mr. Hoover went over there to
sell meat to nobody.
The- witness told of an agreement
between the packers and the food ad- American force in France. Indications
ministraticn whereby in return for aid. are. however, that the majority of the
given the packers by the food admin- 10,000 finally will be added to the roll
istration in finding markets in Eu- of honor shown in the tables of those
rope, the former promised to co-oper-; killed or died of wounds, now record
ate in price arrangements. Mr. Glas-jed as S9.15S men.
gow denied the charge cf Senator; To that figure, also must be added
France of Maryland, that this agree- 1551 men of the marines brigade, fig
ment was a "promise to throw the ures for which, not carried in the
packers as much business as possible." tables, were obtained from official
In answer to the question whether sources. This brings the grand aggre
the wheat price guarantee would be gate of deaths from battles up to 40.
carried out through the food admtn- 709 on returns estimated officially to
istration. thereby keeping that agency fce 95 per cent complete. As figures
in existence after the declaration of on missing and prisoners of the ma
peace, as had been charged by some rines are lacking, the number of ua
members of the senate. Mr. Glasgow accounted for will finally be added to
said that the administration planned the roll of the dead cannot be accu
to close its activities within three rately estimated.
weeks and would pss out of existence The army tables, however, give a to-
before this year's wheat crop was tal of 14.649 men missing In action,
harvested. aud 2TS5 known prisoners, making up
NEW JERSEY BRINGS TROOPS
x-r!Ssovix-T-I:,,s'X- W,k i
NEWPORT NL.i. a.. lob. l.
The battleship New Jersey arrived
here today from Brest with more than
1000 troops.
POLICE PRESS
(Ky Review Leasnsl Wire)
WASHINGTON. Feb. 1. Zi
Wan. a Chinese student at New
York university, was brought here
today by the police to be ques
tioned in the hope that he might
be able to help clear up the mys
tery connected with the. murder
of Dr. Theodore T. Wong, head
REVENUE BILL
tBy Review Leased Wire
WASHINGTON. Feb. 1. The
war revenue bill, revised to raise
about $8,000,000,000 by taxation
this year and $4,000,000,000 an
nually thereafter, assumed final
form late today when the senate
and house conferees reached a
complete agreement on the meas
ure. It will be presented to the
house Monday.
The conferees already had an
nounced agreements on all tax
rate adjustments, and today was
devoted to comparatively minor
provisions. Among these, was the
tax on campaisn contributions, a
senate provision which the house
yesterday voted to reject and then
afterward to accept if modified
to arply only to future campaigns.
The senate conferees, it was re
ported, yielded the amendment
and aareed to Its elimination.
On our classified rage
are w -tuners. To one
and watch results.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
R010R ROLL
flRCFI V
BATTLE TOLL
IS
Official Major Battle Casualty
List Shows Large Number
of Yanks Still Unaccounted
for on January 1 0
! Total Killed, Missine and
Known Prisoners Reaches
52,592; Only 29 Remain
Prisoners in German Camps
r- Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1. Official
(tables of the major battle casualties
Pershing's army. The total is 56.592.
of whom K m are ciassified m,S8.
ing pr cartured. appended sute.
nt ghoW8 that pn, 29 American
mmurv prisoners were believed still
to in German on Januarj. $.and
that 4S00 prisoners had been checked
as murned and ns d5ed ,
,..
Swell Roll of Honor
Some portion of the great body of
missing men may be located as the
; return of the army thins out the
the 17.434 missing or captured. The
army rolls record 491S American mili
tary prisoners accounted for. Admlt-
t0dlv ,here are ian-v possibilities of
errpr but tne statement says it is an-
ticipated that lhe lnu.cat unaccount-
Contlmed on Puice Two
MURDER PROBE
of the Chiuese educational mis
sion and two of his assistants,
whose bodies were found last,
night. Wan was not taken to the
police headquarters on his arrival
however, and the police declined
to state where he might be round,
or what information, if any. had
been obtained from him.
TAKES FORM
The conference report and final
re-draft will bo called up in the
house Friday with the expecta
tion of its approval before ad
journment. It will so to the sen
ate Saturday, and Chairman Sim
mons of the senate managers said
tonight its passage was certain.
Absence of President Wilson,
the conferees stated, made doubt
ful the exact date the new tax
law would become effective, but
would not interfere with the treas
ury plans for collection, of the.
new taxes.
As President Wilson probably
will be on the point of sailing
when legislative action on the bill
is concluded, Senator Simmon
said tonight that the engrossed
copy probably would be held here
for his approval. He then would
have ten days to consider It.
HBlfil
COUNTED TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919.
Uively small effect on the totals here
given."
HONOR ROLL MAY
SWELL LARGELY AS
pni TKTP f A '111 "C TOI 1 ' Bieat shows clearly that the brunt of
WU111 DAI ILSm IVJU- tha firhtine fell on the infantrr Tn
', every division which got into action.
eoaiiuud irom Page One) losses were many limes greater, even
4 tor list of 12.516 will be brought Proportionately to the strength of the
"down to leas than 10 000 unitg than those of the artillery, ma-
O.ly Battle Casualties ' batta?1iiOM. tre4ncn mortar.
m m batteries or engineers. A score of
i ne tames ao not rurnisn any data regiments lost fully one-third of the
full strength of 3700 men in killed,
died of wounds, missing and prison
ers. When figures on the wounded
are available, officers believe the total
casualty in several regiments may
equal the full strength.
The artillery regiments escaped
with relatively light losses. In some
cases machine gun battalions suffered
severely and there are a number of
the divisional engineer regiments that
paid a heavy toll for their place in the
as to the wounded or deaths other
than those resulting directly from bat
tle. A new estimation of the complete
figures on American casualties is
therefore complete. It is significant,
however, that up to tonight, the war
department has published the, names
of 43.SS3 men killed or died of wounds
as against 39,158 shown in the 95 per
cent tables. The difference is made
op by additional returns since the
tables were closed January 10.
On November 27, General Pershing front lines
estimated that his total killed anaj The first regular division, built up
died of wounds would be 40.455. Pre- out of the original force General Per
umably publication of the lists of!shmg took to France, suffered the
these known death and exclusive of (heaviest casualties with a total of
the unaccounted for is nearly complet-; 5343 recorded in today's tables. This
ed. having exceeded the estimation j division was first to reach the line
by more than 3000 due in part, to addi-1 and was almost constantly in action
tional deaths from wounds and to the umji tne end. A striking feature of
listing as dead 01 men formerly re-1 the table is the losses of the 2Sth
visional recognition of the independ
ence of these communities.
Some Require Large Policing
On the other hand, colonies like
those in Central Africa would rt
quire a mandatory with large powers
of administration as responsible for
the suppression of the slave trade, the
liquor traffic, ammunition and arms
traffic and the -prevention of military
authority on the part of the natives
except for native police purposes.
Other colonies and localities, such
as those in German southwest Africa
and some of the South Pacific islands,
have such sparse and scanty popula
tions and are so separated from other
communities that the laws of the man
datory country would probably pre
vail in these regions.
The foregoing general outlines indi
cates on broad lines the terms where?
by it is declared, -conflicting views,
were finally reconciled and a common
agreement was reached acceptable to
all the great fend colonial powers. -.
! ff m"'n " ' -- mn 'iiTfc
I pew 5pnpg My leg
ported missing.
(Pennsylvania national guard) di-
The names of 149,417 wounded had ! vision, which stand3 second in the.list
beem published up to tonight compared j th a total of 3S90 casualties,
with a November estimated total of j The records of the 26th (New Eng
1S9.955. Of those missing in action ian(i national guard) the 27th and 77th
11,676 have been published against the both New York divisions, the 32d
estimated 14.260 total and compared tne famous 42d (Rainbow) and the
with the 17.434 missing and prison- 79th (Pennsylvania. Maryland and
era shown in today's tables. .District of Columbia troops), with
The tables given out by the depart- mere than 2000 casualties each, "tell
ment were under the following intro-; 0f the work they did. These and every
dnctory description: - other national guard or national army
Description OT Lists ' that was given an opportunity at the
The following pages are a tabula- s front won its ground despite losses in
lion of casualty cables received to . men.
January 10. They rive totals of the : Analysis ' of the strenuous service
casualties which put a soldier perman- record of the 2Sth division, army of
ently out of action. They do not in-. ficers said would explain its high
elude wounded figures as the lists of ; casualties. The 2Sth was ordered over
those slightly wounded are still in- Seas about June 1. 1915. spent the
complete. . fortnight of June 14 to July 1 in a
"The totals given out are about 95 training area and then moved up to
per cent complete for each division, the front line taking its position north
Field signal battalions, ambulance east of Parnay, on July 16. From
companies, and trains axe not included that date until the armistice was
in the tabulation of the divisions. - signed with" the exception of a rest
"The record of units outside of di- period from September 4 to September
visions will be available in a few 30. the Pennsylvanians were in the
days. This addition will have a rela- forefront of the fighting.
-Summary of Tables
A summary of the casualty tables giving the classification of losses by
divisions follows, figures from the ' field signal battalions and divisional
trains not being included:
Div.
OFFICIAL STATEMENT ."
PARIS. Fefc. 1. (By the Associate
Press.) The official communication
dealing with today's session of the
supreme council says: V
The president of the United States,
the prime ministers and the foreign
ministers of the allied and associated
powers and the Japanese representa
tives met this afternoon at the Quai
dOrsay from 3 to 6:15 o'clock.
"The conference approved the text
j of the provisional agreement between
the Czechs and the Poles, proposed
by the delegates of the powers, regard
ing the Teschen district.
"The instructions to be Riven to the
I Inter-aiilied commission which is to
proceed tor Poland were definitely de
cided upon and approved.
"The Rumanian dtleeates. M. Bri
tiano and M. Mishu, were then intr !
dueed. . M.' Bratiano nrade a detailed
j statement of the Rumanian claims.,' C
"The next meeting vrtll take place
j on Monday at 11 a. uu" " 7'
. . . , - . i
MANY PERSONS VICTIMIZED
(By- Review Incased- Wire '?
CHICAGO., Feb. 1 More than $5.
000.000 13-alleged to have been frauduf
lently attained through misuses of the
mails in an indictment returned herd
j today against thirteen officer and
promotors or tne fan .Motor company,
a Delaware corporation with a plant
at St. Cloud, Minn. It is charged
l-hat 50,000 persons were victimized
by buying stock in the concern. . . .
END OF THE SEASON VALUES
A"fr Me
99
h "i
OTIS WEEK
No. Killed Died . Missing Prisoners Total
1 2,303 1.050 1.789 106 - 5.243
2 1.3S3 696 S13 73 2.965
3 1-901 5S9 S73 254 . 3.617
1.600 618 S17 51 2.9S6
970 505 979 60 2,504
j 67 3 3 122
7 175 9S . 50 3 326
1 26 1.38S 660 462 "354 2.S64
j 27 1,303 404 130 15S 2,194
j 21 1544 . 553 1,174 619 3.S90
. 697 220 267 333 2.117
1 30 1.084 415 251 22 1 772
.' 32 1.694 70S 768 43 S,2Vi
- 33 632 261 , 249 '29 1 171
1 59 217 SOS 112 1.733
I 3 358 116 393 2 S59
37 2S9 303 .... 1.250
43 l."02 723 440 4 ' 3 2.950
7" 1.275 . 552 559 336 2,692
. ' 75 915 339 SOS 63 1.S25
SS0 352 1.142 15 " 3S9
636 337 2S6 96 1.355)
- ' ; 1 203 86 79 ' 2 370 '.
- I 82 80S 324 271 1S9 1,592 :
1 20 33 7 6 65
! 9 82? 427 256 4 1.525
' ": J 99 936 327 2S7 1.5S5 '
- , 91 934 275 470 23 1 702 ;
"J 1 50 47 5 211 j
83 - " " 372 105 8 4 4SS '
Totals 27.762 11.396 14.649 2.7S5 1 56.592 !
' Tw regiments of marines ia the second division are no included in '
j this table. x
WHY DO MIEN
; SUFFER
When There is Such a Rem
edy for Their Ills as Lydia ;
E. Pinkham's Vegeta
ble Compound?
jjpaiUjjj!!
S ij
! .rr i; it
I p
COMBINATION OF
NATIONAL DRAFTS
GOES TO PREMIERS
(Continued from Pase One)
the league of nations exercises super
visory care. The administration or
tutela-e of these regions is entrusted
to the more advanced nations, who
will act as mandatories in behalf of
the league of nations. '
These mandatories are not uniform,
but vary according to the degree of
development of the colonial region and
its approach to the stare of self gov
ernment. The mandates in Palestine.
Syria and other portions of Turkey
where well developed civilization ex
ists, would be comparatively light j
and would probably permit of the rro-
Mishawaka, Ind. "I h?.d such a
severe female weakness that I could
not do my work and
I could not feet any
thing to reiivo mc,
A physician treated
me, but it did no
good. I had been ia
this condition for
three months vhen I
be can taking Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vege
table Compound
(ttblet font?) and
it cured tie. - I
keep houro end am
able to do my work now. I cort?in!y
praise your medicine." ?!. S;:1ja
Oldfatheh, 643 West Second Street,
Mishawaka, Ind.
Women who suffer from such ailments
should not continue to drag around and
do their work under such conditions, but
profit by the experience of Mrs. Gld
f ather and thousands of o there who have
tried this famous root and herb rem?dy,
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com
pound, and found relief from such suf
fering. If complications exist write the
Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn,
Mass. The result of their 40 years'
experience in advising wemen on this
subject is at your service.
Hi'.L Mason car stop. Ptioue P.ltie 647
Dr. Playfair, Osteopath, 9S Masot
""ANNOUNCEMENT ;!
Reduction in Price of
Gutter and E
22s
1
I
GUARANTEED FRESH
MEADOW GOLD CREAMERY BUTTER, PER LB. 60c
FRESH PETALUMA, ALL WHITE EGGS, PER DOZEN . 1 65c
TWO DOZEN FOR $125
We are receiving weekly shipments of Meadow Gold Butter by express, direct
from the creamery at Topeka, Kansas. Meadow Gold is the only brand of butter
that is sold throughout the United States, from Maine to California and from Wash
ington to Florida. Meadow Gold is packed in triple sealed containers, absolutely g-na
proof, and the butter is pasteurized before packing.
Petaluma eggs are from the famous egg-producing section of California. Ti ov
arc all pure white, selected quality.' and shinned the dav thv .m b.irl No ,,,-H-'
arc nocked in the cartons, but the csas shinned are all of extra weight:
Visit our show windows and view tre wonderful disnW rf snuv.; -.-J !
Major W. H. Brcphy, brought direct from he battlefields of devastated Fr?ncc.
J ' - .'
. . p ) v.-
i- - js it s i
w -
With the news of new spring arrivals and many end of season specials,
combine a most interesting week at "THE FAIR." ' The new Spring
SKV? Nyiinery and Ready-to-Wear are here, in their first full radiance.
THE , y2 PRICE BLOUSE SALE, lasting three days, beginning Monday,
should interest every woman in Bisbee. The reduced prices on the main
floor is an entirely out of the ordinary occurrance. Taken all together, it
will be an interesting week from every standpoint.
NEW SPRING DRESSES
Dresses of Serge. Gabardine. Trico
line. Taffetas and Georgettes, intro
ducing gay touches in the form of tiny
pleatings on collars, sleeves and tu
nics and embroidered cut out work.
Colorful indeed, are the new victory
shades. The sleeves, slashed or flow
ing achieve the desired feminine
touch.
THE NEW SPRING SUITS
New fashion decrees in Spring Suits
for wemen and misses, surpass all ex
pectations. These suits aie so charm
ing that they will find a quick re
sponse in those most easrer for a d-
cided change in fashion. You could
,.7 . . ...
f fs v-s nope lor nnyming more attractive
'CT taan tnese suits with their dashing
new waist coats, perky Utile collars.
clever brgid designs and box pleating. '$X p'v . ' v JJ?-
The materials are serge, gabardine Vwi ' X't.:'
r and tricotine. in all the new spring ' A.' Vf. .j3-'
r.W
shades.
CHARMING SPRING HATS
A beautiful assevtment of new Spring
Hats now on display on second floor.
This is a wouderful assortment of
clever, new, large and small shapes.
Some are tailored with smart winrs.
sippcr braid models and chic suit hats,
as well as large assortment of other
styles. These are all specially priced
and on special display.
SWEATERS
FOR WOMEN AND CHILDREN
ONE-THIRD OFF REGULAR PRICE
We are making way for Spring arriv
als and have put all sweaters for wo
men pnd children on sale at 1-3 OFF
the original selling price. Here you
will find sweaters of every style, slso
and quality in most every color imag
inable. Some with belts that button,
others belts with pretty tie ends, willi
large sailor collars and some with high
nerk models, others collarle s. Fanc
striped and plain colors, all gooci
styles. Sizos from 2 years, in chi!
drens, t; 46 bust measure for wom?n.
Val-jes from ?"i-00 to- $15.00, 1-3 OFF
this price.
BLOUSES y2 PRICE
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday Only
Values from $7.50 to $35.00
Beginning Monday, and lasting throe days a s:ilo
of beautiful blouses in crepe de rhino, georgette,
satius and tub siifcs. Soma are collarles, m):.o
have large and small novelty collars, embroidered,
beaded and tailoredniodels. This is a sale that no
woman will feel th.it the can afford to miss. Blouses
arranging in irke from 57.50 to $35.00. Special.
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, t OFF the regular
price.
r FINAL CLEAN UP OF WOMEN'S COATS AT $10.95
Women's. (.'oats, selected from our regular stock, and put in to one big lot for a quick clean up. Some
of these ccats sold at more than double this price and are exceptionally good materials and latest winter
models. In a good assortment ct styles aid sixes.
: DRESSES V2 OFF
Values from $35.00 to $85.00
Beautiful models in sctin. jersey,. serge, crepe de
clir.ie, georgette and many other .good materials.
Afternoon and semi-formal gowns of remarkable
quality and exquisite workmanship, w ith the new
est style features, are offered r.t. exactlv ONK
HAL5" pF THE OR1G1-VAL. SELLING PRICE. ' All
sizes nnd colors. !
DRESSES AT $14.75
All beautiful designs and in materials at uro
being worn now. Many of these are ja: men's c-t
rare style and unsurpassed wcrkruar.s-'.ip. In
serge, satin, georgette and crepe To clwr.e. Mary
of you women have been postponing your winter
dresses for just such an opportunity as this. A
gocd assortment of sizes, style and colors.
jf t VWr .-"V
W
t
81k90 Bleached Sheets i
v $1.59 .
Standard quality. Sl.90. rotoni;fc
-bleached sheets, fine grade. tirn
and hemmed; no dressing. Regu
lar $15 value, special $1-59
BLEACHED SHEETING
2 Yards Wide, 78c Yard
Fine soft finish Fheeting. no dress
ing; nrnde of best American cotton.
Regular 9oc value, special, yd. 7Sc
,AT GREATLY REDUCED
J PRICES
6x90 Bleached Sheets, Regular
i $1.35 Values, for $1.12
Standard quality, Dallas bleached, fine
soft finish, torn and hemmed; no firess-
Regular $1.S5 value, special ....$1.12
90x99 Hemstitched Sheets
$2.122
Standard Quality, extra large juze.
90x99. torn and hemmed, very fine
quality, hemstitched. Regular $2.50
values. Special $2.12' 'z
BLEACHED SHEETING
2VZ Yards Wide, 83c Yard
Fine soft finish sheeting; no dress
ing; made of best American cotton.
2t2 yards wide. Regular Jl.Ort val
ues, special, yd 83c
AT THE SERVICE OF THE
MEN LEAVING THE
SERVICE
It is our turn, to serve the boys re
turning. Nothing is too good for the
returning soldiers. Nothing is lnvr
than the clothing ve sell.
SALE OF MEN'S WEAR GOES ON
We are offering an unusual end of the svason opnoj ; in lvns
Suits and Oven-oats. All well kno.vn brands and !-. .; !t-v- '-
terials. ou.get jrr choice from a ceniplot- .-toi k tn0 h;s est
grade suits 'on the rarrket. All givvi st les, in euhej u o!.-..-e MWuS
Knghsh madels or a more ornsorvatie ftvlc for men rnd vo;.g men.
Its not the nature of things that theso bargains lust forVvot ciily
"' 5-i'i'ii'.g up i.-ose rare tiarsaias Eai h day lessens
vuo.i. u.r 5-ausiaoiory tt-Kction. Better not
COMK TOMORROW.
MEN'S SUITS
$2.M0 to ?;7.50 Suits, now
to - ;7i snits. now ... .
$;i2.?rt to ?:T ."i Sn'ts. ruiw
$"9.50 to $40.00 S;!-:ts. now !.
any
your
longer
45 INCH ELEACHED TUBING, SPECIAL, 45c YARD
Fine grade tubing
ccttcn. 45 inches
soft finish, no dreeing; made of best grade American
wide. Regular fiOc value, special, yard 45c
GINGHAM, 27c YARD GINGHAM, 37c YARD
Toilo du Nord Gtnghanis. 27 inches
wide; fast tulors, in he-". plaids,
tilp;; t ml .solid colore' Regular
S5r Hue. at ard .27c
Zepnjr Gingham. ".4 ine'nes wide,
fast colors, in strpes, che'ks. plaids
and solid colors. Regular fPc val
ues at yard 37c
wm . " v i lit -w-r- w -fc. a
$.45
$C9.S5
MEN'S OVERCOATS
S-'O.O-) to $.-:.50 Overcoats, now .. $14.95
$'25.00 to 527 50 Overcoats, now ... $19.95
?29.5i to ? :i..00 Ov.-rcoats. now ... $24.95
$32.50 ti $:5 lH 0 en-oats, now .. $27.95
MEN'S SHIRTS AT $1.39
OR 3 FOR $4.0.0
No matter how
have, you can't
miss t'-.js
right out
many shirts you
and s-honld not.
sale. These shirts art
i f our regular stock of
JPlii
t!:e famous "Emery." "Eagle." and
"Mar hRttai'." In amis. Shms that
sUl high as $2.50. All good pat
ter::,. Ju.-t cleaning o;;t or.r
shelves to m:-.k room tr new ones
cominc ia. For fit. workmanship
nn;l exclnsivcr.'ss of patterns. tVse
s-hirts .-' -;nd up t- an. Mairrials
include madras, percales and Rus
sian cauls. All sixes. 14 to lT-...
Selling Monday morning at .. .$1.39
"EDWIN $s
99 VISIT OUR
JS ANNEX.
!s,tviii pot - Less
0 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919.
THREE
CITY BRIEFS
Has any one Tisited yon? Or have
you entertained? II so, call The
Review Society Editor, Black 681.
; company in tha general offices. The J
new arricals are guests of Mr. and j
;ilrs. O. X. Alvin in Warren.
GOES TO TUCSON.
John Mason Ross has gone to Tuc
son on legal business.
ANOTHER NEW ARRIVAL.
Born, to Mr. and Mrs. It- Gherna of
the Superior bakery, a son.
PARENT-TEACHERS MEETING
; A special meeting of the Parent-
Teachers association "will be held at !
7:30 o'clock Tuesday evening at the'
; Central school lor the purpose of con
j sidering some of the measures which
I are now before the state legislature,
t A large attendance of parents and tar-
payers is urged by Mrs J. S. Stewart,
president of the association.
COUNTY ORGANIZATION
FOR ARMENIAN RELIEF
READY FOR CAMPAIGN
CALLAGHAN IN CITY.
J. C. Callaghan, former state auditor,
now a resident of Phoenix, spent Fri
day night and yesterday in the city.
RETURNS FROM COAST.
Mrs. Ines Warburton has returned
from Los Angeles where fche tent on
business.
ON LEGAL BUSINESS.
C. E. Mathews and John Sanders
of the firm of Ell in wood tc Ross, went
to Tombstone yesterday on legal busi
ness.
IN FROM PROPERTY.
11. C. Harsha, better known as
"Sharkey," was in the city yesterday
from his mining; property over the divide.
CALLED TO PHOENIX.
P. B. Stevens, motorman at the Sac
ramento, left last night for Phoenix.
He was called there on account of
illness of his mother.
BACK FROM NAVY.
John Clifford Pearce, a brother of
Mrs. William Campbell of this city,
has arrived here - following his dis
charge from the navy.
ILL WITH INFLUENZA.
Mrs. V. C Gerish of Warren
is confined to her home by an attack
of influenza. Her condition is said
not to he serious.
EXPECTED BACK HERE.
Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Ietloff are ex
pected to arrive here today from Mare
island, where Mr. Detloff has been
serving as a naval electrician.
AFTER OIL AT BOWIE.
J. O. Tonkin of Bisbee, secretary
of the U. S. Oil & Refining Co. of
Arizona, is buying lumber at Camp
Cody for the erection of a standard
drill rig and some buildings on the
company's land just north of Bowie,
about 10U miles west of Deming,
where they are down approximately
700 feet on a well that has already
struck two strata of oil sand and, ac
cording to Mr. Tonkin is almost cer
tainly on its way to "big oiL
HERE ON BUSINESS.
Harry A. Magaziner of Syracuse, N.
Y. and C. I. Emerman of Phoenix,
the latter manager of a mine machin
ery wrecking company, arrived in
Bisbee yesterday from, Douglas and
remained over night. - They will leave
today for Tombstone. Emerman is
well known in this part of the state
as a newspaper man formerly con
nected with the advertising depart
ments of the two Phoenix papers.
BURCHAM IN BISBEE.
Gouley Burcham, a well known com
mission merchant of Tucson, is in the
city, accompanied by Mrs. Burcham.
They are registered at the Copper
Queen.
STORK VISITS HOSPITAL.
Mr. and Mrs. David Dalgleish were
left a 10 pound baby girl at the C. &
A. hospital at 3 o'clock yesterday
morning. Both mother and baby are
doing well.
WOHLSCHLEGEL TAKES OFFICE.
John Woblsehlegel, who was ap-
pointed recently as quarantine offi
cer for Cochise county, has taken
effice. succeeding Bert Gmehling, who
jield it temporarily.
CREIGHTON IN CITY.
H. C. Creighton, special agent of the
treasury department work in the Mex
ican border district, spent a few hours
here yesterday, between visits to Xaco
and Douglas, for which place he left
during the afternoon. Mr. Creighton's
present trip is one of inspection,
solely.
HANLY IS LONELY.
William R. Hanly, now on the U. S.
S. Stephen R. Jones at La Pallice,
France, writes that he' would like to
hear from some of his friends in the
Warren district. His address is Wil
liam R. Hanly, chief pharmacist's
mate, U. S. N., TJ. S. S. Stephen R.
Jones, x care Postmaster, Xew York,
N. Y.
WILL MAINTAIN OFFICE.
I. C. E. Adams has let it become
known that when the new city and
county building on Xaco road is com
pleted, he will establish an office as
chairman of the board of supervisors
in it and transact such county busi
ness there as, pioperly may be transacted.
SACK FROM MEETING.
Lee Jovanovich, chairman of the
street committee of the city council,
and City Engineer Halleck have re
turned from the good roads meeting j
Sn Phoenix, via Tucson, "making the i
trip by automobile. Councilman Ro-'
sok has not yet returned, having start- j
ed home via Globe, where he had!
business to attend to. j
RECEIVES DISCHARGE.
Reese Dalgleish, 158th Infantry, has
returned to the city after receiving his
discharge from the service at Camp
Kearny, Calif. Mr. Dalgleish's broth
er, -Ray Dalgleish, who has been
spending a leave of absence with his
parents here, has returned to his
duties aboard the U. S. S. Beaver at
San Diego. Mr. Dalgleish was aboard
the Beaver when she made her maiden
trip through the Panama canal.
COLTER SENDS LETTER
TO CAMPAIGN FRIENDS
Presumably with an eve to the next
gubernatorial campaign, two years
hence, a number of local men who
were prominent in their support of
Fred C. Colter in his recent campaign
for the governorship received letters
of thanks from hirn yesterday. The
letters are all understood to be
couched in the same terms, it is stat-l
ed, touch lightly on state affairs and
heavily on national and international
events.
It looks like a bid for the nomina
tion in 1920 to me," remarked one
man who had received a letter, ex
hibiting it to a group of friends.
"Yes," replied another in the group,
producing a similar letter, "that Is the
way I read between the ines."
- Arizona is asked to contribute $10,
000 of the $45,00Q.00O asked of the
United States for the immediate re
habilitation of the Armenian, Syrians,
Jews and other destitute and starving
peoples, numbering approximately
4.000,000 of western Asia and eastern
Europe who have survived the cruel
ties of the Turk and the ruthlessness
of war in eastern Europe, leaving
them without food, ciothlng, coaJ.
medicine or anything, destitute and
dying of cold and hunger.
This request is made by the Amer
ican committee for Armenian and
Syrian relief which is specially or
ganized and equipped for the work
and is endorsed by former President
William H- Taft, by Herbert C Hoov
er, by President Wilson and has the
support and co-operation of th. de
partment of state.
The Arizona campaign of February
10 to 17 has the endorsement of the
Arizona Council of Defense.
Cochise county has been asked to
contribute $35,000 and T. O. McGrath
or Bisbee has been chosen as th
county chairman to organize and di
rect the campaign of February II to
1 to raise in is amount,
The county and Bisbee committees
are as follows:
T. O. McGrath, county chairman.
P. M. Buck-waiter, county rteasurer.
Paul Stevens, county secretary.
E. E. Whiteley, -chairman, Wimn
district.
George H. Cobbe, treasurer, Warren
district.
E. B. Ryder, secretary. Warren dis
trict.
This committee will choose its team
captains to carry out its wprk in th
Warren district. The advertising ?M
publicity in each district will he
handled by a separate committee.
The members of the Bisbee commit
tee are:
Thomas Egan, chairman; E. A. Put
nam, C. F. Phil brook and H. D. Ross.
BATTERY STATION IS
UNINJURED BY FLAME
Lohman &. Wright of Lowell an
nounce to their friends and patrons
that the disastrous fire that razed the
Central theater last week did not put
them out of business. While it was
a close call and they were a little I
singed by the fire they were able by !
quicK action to avert any serious dam
age to their garage and Willard stor
age battery planL They are having
the damage repaired now and the
facilities for handling their usual
volume of business is not impaired.
The Willard storage battery station,
which they maintain for the many
Willard battery owners in the Bisbee
Lowell district, is fully equipped and
ready to handle all cases of hatterv
trouble.
MARKET OUTLOOK IS
NOT HOPEFUL EXCEPT
FOR FEW COMMODITIES
The outlook for heavy decreases in
prices of staple foods is not good at
the present, as may be gathered from
interviews with leading mercantile es
tablishments of this section, although
both butter and eggs have declined
somewhat in the last week. Butter
has dropped 10 cents per pound In
the last week and fresh California
eggs have declined cents per
dozer..
E. C. Campbell of the Phelps Dodge
Mercantile com Dan took th vtaw
that in view of stocks of gooQa fijsrs
cnasea on nign market both by mann
facturer, jobber and retailer, no gen
eral decline in most lines was to be
anticipated. John B.-Angius 'agreed
with this viewpoint, as did the Buxton
Smith company. , -
The merchants pointed out the fact
that it would take a perceptible
change in the price of a barrel ot
flour to affect the retail price of a
24-pound sack of flour..-. However the
flour market is a puzzle eve to the
millers themselves at the present tinie.
Canned milk, a staple heavily in de
mand, probably will not decrease fn
price until the season of heavy gro-
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
FOR RENT Large front- room and
kitchenette, wall bed, nicely furnish
ed. Over Independent Feed store.
2t-2r4
! THEATER i S Od
EXPECTED TODAY.
Mrs. II. A. Reese and son, Harry
are expected to arrive in the city to-
nay rrom j-os Aageies wnere they .
have been on an extended visit. Mrs. j
Reese's daughter. Miss Wisilla, will
depart from the California city soon
lor a visit with Dr. Reese s sister, Mrs.
f rank Heath, in Tooeka. Kas. !
CLAIMS WAS TROUCHED. !
Charles Harbey, representing a
wrecku comDanv at El Paso but t !
present working at Fairbank, report-'
ed to the city and county officers that '
while in a local moving picture the-'
ater his pocket was picked and a :
purse containing $33 was taken. He
iiad no clue as to the identity of the,)
uuer.
FIRST BIG NEW YORK MUSICAL HIT OF YEAR
ARTHUR HAMMERSTEIN'S
DAZZLING 'SUCCESS
A MUSICAL COMEDY OF DELI OHTFUL SURPRISE
BOOK amb LYRICS .V
OTTO HARBACH
and EDWARD CLARK
music by RUDOtPH FRIMl
AUTHORS OF
AND .y
'era z ?J
"THE FIREFLY
ANOTHER
HEWYORK
CASINO'
KNOCKOUT
En-
NEW CHARGE FILED.
Conrad Bonarond and Rami
riquez, arraigned before United States
commissioner J. o. Taylor Friday on !
the charge of selling w hisky to sol-'
diers, were dismissed on the request :
of the government represntative. How-!
ever, an amended complaint has been j
sworn out charging the same offense, j
The men are residents of Naco. i
RETURNS FROM CAMP.
LL Frank V. Hicks, his wife and
daughter, have returned to the district
from Louisville, Ky where Lt. Hicks
was a member of the 12th training
battalion, field artillery, at Camp
Zachery Taylor. He has received his
discharge after six months of army
life, and will resume his position with
the Shatturk-Denn-Arizona Mining
REMARKABLE CA5T-W0NDER CH0RU5-REALS0NGHITS
With Oscar Figman and Company of
45-People45 -
MOSTLY GIRLS!
PRICES: $2.00, $1.50, $1.00, 75c
Secure Seats Early! Seats on Sale Saturday.
(ruction, usually in March and April.
There Is little chance for a reduc
tion in canned goods of any kind, any
where in the country. The retailers
purchase their present stocks at top
prices, last fall, from th canners,
whose expenditures for materials and
supplies naturally wera higher than
ever before.- No reduction may be
expected therefore until the new pack
is avaUatle,
. Spcaihc f the local market, it was
peOkteA oul hat as a general thing,
ve hugh ten? heavy', commodity,
spy a pour'gr R&as, coming here
tn,car?gyott th whofasab mar-
ket, it would take about two weeks,
or until the cars containing goods
purchased at the rev wholesale price
arrived, btfo:e the effect of the re
ductirn rculd be felt here.
In addition, the average manufac
turer and packer is doing all lie can
to bolster up the market and pre
vent any weakness developing.
The fctUtude of the merchants of
th? country ra& been to hold oft un
til the cost of raw material and labor
have been settled. The manufacturers
are opposing this attitude in every
way possible. Some even have gone
to the extent of sending out circulars
setting fcrth their costs and explain
ing way it V3 impossible to lower
the price of their product. One match
conoor.i has sont one circulars show
ing that ro niiltor what was happen
ing in ti:f worM. their loss had to
he set-soiM 1 tor two years before they
could ho mud" into matches and no
decpa3 in price mif'.it be expected
in that commodity tor some time. Oth
er lines are circularizing the trade to
show that they have contracted sup
plies in advance at war prices and
therefore are prevented from lower
ing their prices to the retailer. This
means c-t course a continuance of the
present retail prices in many lins.
; Th wholesale prices of meats have
drnpj.eil to some extent recently, but
this has n-u ct bcn loflectd in t'ie
local mark t.
Coffee, one product whuh actually
droppvd in nricn durir.g the war, h
cav.se of lak of transport to l'urope.
row is ruius rapidly and promises to
inrras. in price materially. The r"
epered Kuropean markets are ahsorb
. h: )uctiia!ly all of the cofl'et ob
tainaMe. while in ordor to provision
! Europe the merchant fleets of the
; world ere neglecting American trade
: for ih nrcsent.
tf il If" fmlni ' i Pit i
ft-;:-
mm -mff
1 lii 'Y"
f t J I Wj PM f'.'-iA f;i Vi4 V . ;
Calumet
possesses
r n
r i 1 i
lea. LiiAol-
reacliing baldng powder economy. It is
the nidst ecanomical leavening agent, it saves in
-wore ways -and makes more inwodani ivh:3
:fibnn most other baking powders.-
.-s -v - --- "N -v
iil6 Uiiic :jj
niooerate it leaves 3011 money over tlie cost of
higbpriced brands for purchase of oilier articles.
Qpsts. but little more than cheap powders far
' i-itlv ' i
WMtiMMken you use it. Possesses twice
vtile. ptairiair. raising force you use only half as
as v is; oruinanly required.
1'
oU "$tim materials it is used with. Calumet never
!al with any kind of recipe or with any kind of tiou:.
(iv'75 produces perfectly raised, delicious halvings.
y Qtt tiotice a great difference when you -use
(lvm& U produces light, sweet, wholesome, flaky bakings.
.Vpfi'H aotipc Trith some of the cheaper brands the bakings are
m5T hry, dark in color and sometimes have a bitter taste.
PINO
r r;v- f 5-?.
f i
2VtL3 If
5 V
U '. . v ,-,v, v'Si T
Used by leading chefs
arid domestic scientists,
and by more housewives
than any other, brand.
Made in the worlds larg
est and finest baking pow--der
plant.
Best by test A
trial proves it
- - - ,- ......- ,.'x.,..v.t:i it;.sr..-:.?-.vV j FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919.
Published Every Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated Publishing
company
'MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to this paper,
u uw, uio iin.u news puDusneu inerein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches herein are also reserved
Entered as Second Class
Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per month
Three months ,
Six months ;
Twelve months
Sunday (our weekly) per year .
bun aay lour weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Taken for Less Than 75e
.5 .75
. 2.25
. 4.00
. 7.50
. 2.50
. .75
Ground Hog Day
Back in the country where fully half of the resident of Arizona
were born, today has a significance which, is hardly known in thi state
of sunshine and mountain scenery. For the past ten days the residents of
what used to be "home" have been wondering if the Ground Hog will
Ills shadow today.
Tradition has given Ground Hog day real significance In that irt of
the country, Many believe that the ground hog comes from his hole for
the first time this morning, and if he sees his shadow he will return. The
shadow forecasts six weeks more winter. The history and traditions of
the day are interesting, and despite a more or less modern application,
date back to days of the heathen.
The modern name for the day is Candlemas. In its ecclesiastical
meaning It designates the feast of the purification of the Virgin Mary, a
festival very closely observed by the Roman Catholic church, with pro
cessions and many lighted candles. The name is derived from the fact
that those required for services during the ensuing year are on this date
consecrated.
An old document of the time of Henry VIII, preserved in the archives
of the Society of Antiquaries, London, concerning the rites and ceremon
ies in the English church, speaks thus of the custom of carrying candles:
"On Candlemas daye it shall be declared that the bearyinge of
candles is done in the memorie of Christe, the spirituall lyghte whom
Simeon dyd prophecy ('a light to lighten the Gentiles'), as it is redde In
the churche that daye."
But an older and heathen origin is ascribed to the practice. The
Romans were In the habit of burning candles on this day to the Goddess
Febrau, the mother of Mars; and Pope Serglus, seeing It would be
useless to prohibit a practice of so long standing, turned it to Christian
account by enjoining a similar offering of candles to the Virgin. The
candles were supposed to have the effect of frightening the devils and all
evil spirits away from the persons who carried them, or from the houses
in which they were placed.
In Scotland, another tradition has attached itself to the day and it
has become one of the four term days appointed for periodical annual
payments of money, interest, taxes, etc., and of entry to premises.
The Ground Hog tradition seems to have originated In Europe al
though the woodchuck. does not enter the day's traditions until later, in
this country. Europe reads from a fine, clear, sun-shiny Candlemas &
severe .winter. In Scotland the prognostication is expressed in the
following distich:
"If Candlemas is fair and clear,
There'll be ta winters in the year."
The day is known variously as Candlemas, Ground Hog day, Christ's
Presentation, the Holiday of St. Simeon, and, in the north of England, the
Wives' Feast day.
A Word on Wildcatting
The fact that at least two Arizona oil companies are mow being
investigated by the state corporation commission and that reports concern
ing the affairs of these companies are not too encouraging, should not
discourage legitimate companies prospecting in this part of the south
west for oil. On the other hand, it should offer them opportunity to show
the public they are in earnest, and that their activities are necessary.
Few persons realize what unceasing effort is necessary to secure a
sufficient supply of crude oil in this country. The decrease in produc
tion and the increase in demand by tens of millions of barrels yearly com
pel producers to expend large sums in prospecting new territory.
For this reason "wildcat wells" are drilled outside the limits of
producing pools. This operation is a large percentage gamble.
The largest part of all known oil fields is either being operated by
companies, or has been withdrawn by the government. Less than two
tenths of one per cent of the oil area, in Pennsylvania is productive.
More than half of Wyoming's production is within a space of six square
miles. The noted Tepetate-Casiano pool in Mexico, which has produced
75,000,000 barrels of oil in eight years, is enly one mile wide and four
miles long.
Much pioneering work must be done to insure supplies of oil and to
Increase supplies to meet demands. This pioneering, however, should be
conducted in the right channels. The affairs or the "wildcatting" com
panies should be put in the hands cf business men, and geological condi
tions and indications should warrant exploration before "wildcat wells"
are sunk. If formations justify, if business and honesty promote, and
if men and women have money to gamble, the legitimate prospect for
oil is as worthy as any other exploration.
"Armenian Relief Sunday"
Today will be observed in churches throughout the southwest as
"Armenian Relief Sunday." Ministers are being urged to devote the
whole or a part of their sermon on this day to a consideration of the
needs of the starving, homeless war refugees in the near east. The ac
tual drive for funds begins February 10, and continues for one week.
The statement issued to pastors, priests, and rabbis, by the Armenian
Relief publicity bureau for the southwest states follows, in part:
"Will you not devote the whole or a part of your sermon on that
Sunday to a consideration of this compaign and the needs of these desti
tute war sufferers On account of the difficulty of reaching each of the
pastors by a personal note. I am taking this means of asking you to help
us in giving publicity to the biggest, and what we hope will be the last
financial drive necessary for these stricken peoples. As you probably
know, a generous oversubscription of the $30,000,000 asked will enanie
the Armenians and Syrians to become self-supporting within a year.
"To the ministers and Sunday school workers who have already given
so largely of their time and money to this cause we extend our heartiest
thanks and best wishes."
Modern Arizona
In this day of enlightenment, why not let the strip of Arizona sought
by Utah resort to the principle of self-determination?
Extracting the Joy From Life
A judge in Tucson refused to permit the jury to determine if the
contents of a bottle was "whisky." Wtiereupon the jury sang, "How
dry we are."
Same Old Hun
The allies haing invented the art of camouflage, the former kaiser
has retired behind a full beard. Another instance of German-perfected-borrowed
invention.
Gleaning the Facts
The L'nited States knows now why some members of congress ob
jected so strenuously to President Wilson's trip abroad without the
1 resident's direction and leadership, congress has found itself helpless
and has done nothing but quibble.
Did Some One Forget?
Today, Fefruary 2. i.i tUc past several years has been recognited in
southern Arizona as Arbor day. The former governor had a perchant for
wriiiug memorials and proclamations. He never overlooked an oppor
tunity. Perhaps the pre.-eut governor has jubt delayed the dale aud ill
not oeilook the proclamation.
ION W1LLMURDER CHARGE 1$
AUDIT BOOKS OFiSHOOl'G SEQUEL
TV0 OIL OUTFITS
big
na-
PANDOLFO SUED FOR
(By Review Leasetl Wire 4
PHOENIX, Ariz., Feb. 1. Secretary
A. tu. btelzer of the corporation com
mission of the state of Arizona today
appeared in the offices of the General
Securities Corporation and took
charge of the books, files, vouchers
and other papers of the Arizona Oil &
Refining company and the E. A. Ed
wards Oil & Refining companv, for
wnich two corporations the General
Securities had been acting as agent
This was the first definite step tak
en by the corporation commission in
its announced , program of investiga
tion of oil eompany operations in Ari
zona, prompted by numerous com
plaints from different sections of the
state and from beyond the Arizona
boundaries where stock had been
sold.
Will Audit Books
Mr. Stelzer and H. M. Berrv, chief
elerk of the investment company de
partment of the corporation commis
sion, on Monday will begin an audit of
the books of the two companies men
tioned and, it was announced at the
office of the commission today, if any
evidence is found to justify an in
vestigation, the inquiry will be made
thorough and exhaustive.
Following the receipt from Attorney
General Wiley Jones of an opinion as
to the powers of the commission in
the case of the United Chino Oil &
Refining company, now in the hands
or a receiver, the commission has
written to Receiver E. C. Suman at
Prescott asking that the books of that
corporation be placed at the disposal
or the commission s experts to expe
one a run examination.
It was stated today at the commis
sion's office that the work of checking
up tne nooks of the two companies
of which possession was taken today
should be concluded within a week
and that no further action would be
instituted till a full report on the find
ings Is made to the commission.
To Examine Cash
In the case of the Edwards comannv.
tne commission announced, a permit
was issued to sell stock only on con
dition that no money taken in from
the sale of stock was to be expended
witnout the consent or outside the sa
pervision of the commission. It was
further stated today that no develop
ment work has been done by the com
pany and the object of .this particular
pnase of the inquiry is to learn If the
total of proceeds taken in is on hand,
and if not, how it has been expended.
The commission's records are said
to show that among the promoters of
the Arizona Oil & Refining company
and the E. A. Edwards Oil & Refining
company are W. L. Barnard, H. H.
Major, M. Morgan, Dr. Ward and J.
E. Meyer, all of Los Angeles. Among
the promoters of the United Chino
Oil & Refining company, according to
the commission records, are J. A. Me
Lellan of San Francisco; W. L. Lazen
by, George McBean and Frank Brown
of Phoenix.
The commission, it was said at its
office late today, would summon rro-
jmoters from outside points if neces
sary, 10 lesiiry m tne investigation.
r.v Review leased Wire!
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Feb. 1. J. D. New
man, sheepman of Flagstaff and Wins
low, who gave himself up to the au
thorities following the fatal shootipg
or frank Hoctor, sheepman of Spring
erville, on the desert road southeast of
Hot Springs Junction, Thursday. late
today was released on a bond of $20,-
000 following the preferring of a mur
der charge against him. The bond
was furnished by D. M. Francis and
E. B. Newman, the accused man's re
lease being in effect till the holding
of the preliminary examination which
was set for February 7.
Newman was charged with murder
this morning before Justice Frank de
Souza on a complaint sworn to by
ueputy Sheriff J. R. Troutman. The
accused man is the first to be charged
with murder since the restoration in
the state of Arizona of capital punish
ment last December. Officers con
nected with the case said today that
the murder complaint was lodged pri
marily for the reason that they had
pos? It was that it might be a
brother to the small, lriendless
tiens."
an r!i to be counted as a warl-w RIH SUM IN ARI7MJA
I lu this i-aiiM nA I ri ,." " W W HI 111 nill-.UIin
I w v fc tlsVUVUi
&ui i..ai Lie coming drive will be a
success. The stimulus for patriotic
effort has gone to the nation and the
sort to do it. Rest is but temporary,
however, and the people must be
brought to realize that the great work
cf reconstruction of the world is be
fore us.
"This is known as the land of the
almighty dollar, but through just such
wor as mis we will become known
a3 the land of the almighty soul, just
as soon as we prove to the world
mat our garnering of dollars has
been that we might have the privilege
or giwng to tnose in need. We can
give and give and give. Our greatest
pleasure should be in giving and we
as a nation are just beginning to
realize this."
BLACK REEF COMPANY
IS CITED TO HEARING
(Bv Review Leaded Wire)
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Feb. 1 Offie-r
been unable to locate the heavy cali-l' tl Black Reef Copper company to
ber revolver with which Newman as-! da" were ordered by the state enrnnm.
serts Hoctor first opened fire on him 5'on commission to appear at a hear-
as ineir macnines approacbed on the 1 lus ai iu o clock in the
Lower California
Resolution Sent
By Review Leased Vire
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Feb. 1. Arizona's
view on the proposed purchase of Low
er California, as expressed by the leg
islature, now is ready for presenta
tion to congress. Today Gov. Thomas
E. Campbell affixed his signature to
the senate joint resolution asking con
gress to urge on the president the
advisability of opening negotiations
for the purchase of Lower California,
a strip of northern Sonora and the
Coronado Islands.
The governor also signed for for
warding to congress the three other
following resolutions:
House concurrent resolution which
urges on congress the establishment
of a league of nations to preserve the
world's peace.
Senate joint memorial asking con
gress to start immediate construction
of the Gila river storage dam near
San Carlos Indian reservation, a pro
ject, which, it is said, will reclaim
lands estimated to be able to support
a population of 40,000.
Senate joint resolution commending
President Wilson for his able leader
ship during the period of the war.
desert road., Newman persists in his
first dec'aration that he shot only in
self defense after Hoctor had fired
point blank at him with a revolver
held in his left hand.
The truck in which Hoctor was rid
ing at the time of the shooting
now is in the hands of the sheriff.
There are two bullet holes in it.
Late tonight it was announced that
the police had found a gun belonging
to Frank Hoctor. heepman of Spring
erviile, following whose death from
bullet wounds Thursday on the desert
road southeast of Hot Springs Junc
tion, J. D. Newman, sheepman of
Flagstaff and Winslow, gave himself
up and today was charged with mar!
der, subsequently obtaining his re
lease under a $20,000 bond.
Newman, say the police,' asserted
that Hoctor opened fire first. The gun
found today, it was stated by officers
investigating the case, was discovered
in Hoctor"s garage here, where the
family has a winter home. Friends of
the family asserted that it was the
only gun Hoctor owned, a 32 auto
matic and that he did not have it
with him the day of the shooting. The
police, however, still are continuing
the search for the weapon which New
man maintains Hoctor used on the
desert road.
Another fresh development also has
been reported. Officers are looking
for two sheepmen who are said to
have assisted Newman in placing Hoc-
tor in the farmers automobile after
the shooting. It was first reported that
a man and a woman had helped to
move the wounded man. who later
nmmins
fi . . o
rcu,uar) next, in tne matter of al
leged sales of stock said to have been
made after the company's permit had
expired.
The company was granted a permit
to sell stock for a period ending July
1. 1917. and it has been reported to the
commission that stock was offered nrt
; sold by the company after that date.
ine mack Reef property is located
at Wenden and is in active operation.
T. M. Burrows is president of the
company, whose officers assert that
a satisfactory explanation will he
made to the commission at the hearing.
(FSy Review Lensod Wire
PHOENIX. Aru Keb. 1. Samuel
C. Pandolfo. president of the Pan
Motor company, 13 of whose officers
were indicted in Chicago today on
charges of mail fraud, is the plaintiff
in an action against : Arizona banks,
in one of the largest libel suits ever
launched in the state. Pandolfo start
ed his suit January 6 for $500,000
actual damages and SGOO.ik'O mmitiv
t'amages, basing his action on a ref
erence to him made in the report o
tae Arizona Bankers association pro
ceedings of .May, 191S.
The printed report of this meet in
carried a letter signed only "Presi
dent, purporting to have been writ
ten In Texas, making certain charee
against Pandolfo and warning the Ari
zona bankers against an insurance
company he then was engaged in
forming. T:ie letter was read to the
association by Morris GolJwater. sm-
retary, who announced that he did
net care to put it in print, but nre
terred to transmit its contents verb
ally to the association. However, the
letter subsequently appeared in the
printed report of the proceedings and
t'iindoiros suit followed.
SEVER HELD HIE
IS
HOLDUP
PROBED
ONE OTHER ARRESTED.
(By Review Leased Wire
si uuA.t, Wash. Feb. 1. H. s.
v isle, indicted in Chicago for alleged
misuse or the mails in connection with
the promotion of the Pan Motors com-
tany, was arrested last night at Col
fax. Wash., it was said, today by the
Lnitod states marshal. He was re
le.isej on $5000 bonds.
PROSE DAM PROJECT
i By Review Leased Wire
PHOENIX, Arix.. Feb. 1. The ststi
farm loan department, consisting or
.Governor Campbell State Treasurer
H S Ross and Secretary of State Mitt
S-aims, is conducting an investigation
cf Lie Lyman dam project on the Llt
t!f Colorado.
Mr. Ross spent several days last
v.c.tk looking over the workings. He
n; ported 'i-day rpa! the footings and
core all ate in and all necessary
machinery on the premises, but that
snow was blocking operations.
The loan department has sent R. S.
Cookingham, engineer of Prescott, to
go over the project in detail and sub
mit an estimate of what it will, cost
to complete it.
About la.OOO acres of land
under the project.
comes
YUMA RATE CASE DECIDED
died on the road to Glendale in New
man's machine. The police are work-4-- PHOENIX. Ariz Feb. l.-Rv a ris
ing on tne ineory mat Hoctor may
have made a statement in the pres
ence of the two unidentified men who
are now the objects of a state-wide
search.
Hoctor's father and brot?r are ex
pected here from Portland, Ore., Mon
day.
cision banded down in the state su
preme court today the citv of Yuma
is declared powerless to fix the rates !
FAMOUS ACTOR IS
LAID TO REST BV
THEATRICAL CLUB
(ly Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK. Feb. 1 Funeral serv
ices for Nat C. Goodwin, who died
here yesterday were held here today
under the auspices of Lie Ivmbs
club, a theatrical organization, and in
the presence of hundreds of men and
women who were associated with the
actor during his suge career. The
Lambs club quartet saup hymns. Rev.
P.r. Nathan Seasie. pastor of St.
Stephens" Protestant Episcopal, con
ducted the services and the eulogy
was delivered by De Wolff Hopper.
Presen also were the actors' par
ents. Mr. and Mrs. Nathaniel C. Good
win of Roxbury, Mass.. where, tr.e
body will be buried, and Miss Georgia
Gardner, who was to have been Good-
Held in connection with an investi
gation into the recent holding up of
an automobile party in which Lon Bot
toms was relieved of $277 in money, a
diamond ring and a moonstone ring.
"Leu" Kennedy. Leslie Swope, Jack
Curry. Jesse Carlisle. Allen "Cotton"
Moseloy and Meivin Rudolph must ex
plain circumstantial evidence which,
seems to connect them with the affair,
while "Red" Lai Kin, held on & vag
rancy charge, also is said by officers
to have information about it mhich
would be material in making & case.
While no charges have been filed
as yet. the officers say they have &
sirens case against some of the men
as principals and others as accessories
in the holdup, which has been Judged
from the beginning to be a "frameuD
on Bottoms.
The case has been in the hands of
Jesse K. Joy, deputy sheriff, and Act
ing Chief of Police Hilburn G. Ruft.
Sheriff J. F. McDonald arrived here,
yesterday to aid in the roundup of the
men alleged to be involved in one way
or another with the affair.
The greater part of yesterday was
pent in questioning the men. thoush,
with what success could not be learn
ed last night.
The men under arrest are all jitney
drivers and are alleged by the offic
ers to have been frequenters of gamb
ling resorts before the recent crusade
caused these to be closed.
ARTHUR HOPKINS NOW
CAPTAIN IN U. S. ARMY.
rthur A. Hopkins, former lieuten
ant of the Arizona ranger force, dep
uty sherirf. and latterly, before enter
ing the United States armv n mwra.
H e cf the department of Justice, has
written his friend. Suni J. HayhursL,
mounted customs guard stationed at
Naco detailing some of his experi
ences while serving as a captain in
the American army in France and
Belgium. Hopkins says in part?
Well, old boy, it looks as thouch
he war was over and 1 will be home
again and see my family and friends.
.Must confess to you that at times I
never expected to get back when the
big shelts were hitting around me.
the aeroplanes were bombing and ma
chine sunuinx. but so far thov nvr
did hit me. I must have a rabblt'i
foot. I took part in three big drives
the St. Mihiel. the Meuse and Ar
uenne and the Lys-Scheldt drive la
ie!gium. We were right up. almost
at the gates of Brussels, when the
armisti-e was signed. We now are
on our way to a rest area in France.
Wo da not know whether we are tq
fco sctit homo or made part of the
ariay of occupation. In Germany. Th
weather is cold and wvt up here In
this sevtor. All the towns are badlr
and
win's sixth wife.
Mr. Hopper stood facinc the casket I snot l!P- the railroads. bridce
of the Yuma Gas. Light & Water com-i wit, his arms outstretched when he! rc-111 w'r -'-stf destroyed by theGer-
pany and a former decision in the i spok"?- This was his eulosy: ! lUR"s- hat they did to the occupied
super'or court of Yuma county' is re-i "Nat. I came here to voice my love' r'n;t of Belgium is enoush to mak
versed. j and sorrow. What a wealth of sl-i C!!0 "t to kill every Hun that he
Following the. fixing by the state ! nificance is conjured up bv that moeU "
corporation commission of the rates ! name! Wiiat talents you -possessed! t a plain Hopkins is serving in th
ot the company, the city of Yuma setj'at you would go so far out of your' niili'arJ' poliiv of the 91st division.
SUPPORT FOR DRIVE
.IIIIL.rlllU UkHIIL V I VI. lmo- . "
111 111 1 1 Mil I r 1 1 1 1 r 1 1 I il I m luaiucs, men uie " " j sumviuuis lor me or anv
wwikiuiuil ll k. y w UW I V company contested in the superior friend. And what talents! Oft vou
court of Yuma county. were swayed by evil influences, but
T'lere the city, won the verdict and so many times more by the good and
the company appealed to the state j the pure. You occupied a pinnacle
supreme court, which today reversed I cf success. For a time you weakened
the former decision and sustained the from the series of blows rained upon
right of the state corporation com- you. but you rallied and came back.i
mission to fix charges as against the Your whole life was such a wealth1
city of Yuma. I of nobilitv. 1
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX, Ariz., Feb. 1. -I want
the people of Arizona to get behind
this great movement which has for
its object the relief cf the suffering
in the near east." declared Gov. T. E.
Campbell at a luncheon tendered city
and county organizers "of the coming
triple drive of February 10-17. The
luncheon was given at the Adams
hotel today and marked the formal
launching of the campaign in which
Arizona is asked to contribute $150,000
for the relief of Armenians, Syrians
and Jews. ,j e... w;v
"This requires no great individual I CANTON. Ohio. Feb. 1. Jack
sacrifice.' said the governor, 'it i ton. the veteran welterw-eicht
LOSS OF MEMORY IS
EVIDENT IN MEXICAN
PHOENIX WEATHER
i:- Review Leased Wire!
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Feb. 1. Weather:
high, 5S; low,' 4S; rainfall past 24
hours .26 inches; rainfall for month
.47 inches.
FAST BOUT SCHEDULED
Brit-
will
Trotting alonsr O K street rapidly.
Moreno, a Mexican. bunind into
cone m the Itrolman "Tex" lSarton of the city
Lambs, but the remembrance of vour l'V'ue ,v,ve 'ate rt-l' night. Under
comedy, your pat ios, your altruism.' Tls arra tUtkoQ firmly away were four
'Nat. your flesh is
will live with us forever. We are
grateful to you for the lesson you
have taught us."
asked th
LICUOR CASE DECIDED
means only 50 cents per person or the meet Al Doty of Canton, in a 12 round
price of two picture shows. If this j bout here February 3. The men wilt
nation entered the war for any pur-1 weigh 147 pounds."
Ry Review l.e.-iset! Wire
PHOKN1X. Ariz., Feb. 1. The judg
ment of the superior court of Coconino
county was affirmed in a decision
handed down today by the state su
preme court in the case of George
Paumgartner against the state cf Arizona.
heavy blankets.
! "Where are you going"
: officer.
! "Nowhere," said the Mexican.
Where did yon get those blan
kets?" j "I do not know. I ni too drunk to
' remember." answered th Mexieaa
w it h a smile.
; The man. together with another
Mexican arrested on a vagrancy
; e ::ar;e. were tried in city court lata
j yesterday and sentenced to trvo 60
days on the road gang. ,
SNOW AT FLAGSTAFF '
By Review Leased Wire)
ruAuaiAtr, Ariz., teD. Two
feet of snow fell here today before
noon and the fall continued this aft
ernoon. A cold wind has caused drifting,
which is said to be seriously interfer
ing with train movements. Reports
indicate that all of northern Arizona
is in the grip of weather approximat
ing blizzard conditions.
PLANES LEAVE TUCSON
(By Review leased Wirel
TUCSON, Ariz.. Feb. 1. If the
weather permit, the Gulf to Pacific
aerial maoping expedition w ill Resume
its flight westward Sunday afternoon
at 2 o'clock, its next stop being Phoe
nir. The squadron of De Haviland
aeroplanes 13 en route from Houston (
to San Diego. !
CLUB CHANGES NAME
1 By Review Leajw-d Wire!
MILWAUKEE. Wis.. Feb. 1 "The
! Panthers" is the new name for the
j Milwaukee club of the American asso
i tiatlon. The name was sclec'ed from
j hundreds buggested to replace "The j
' Brewers." '
h
a
OE&tOII PATENT No.
CHECK
I
ROUTE VIA
Send the following Cable;mn. itbout nfpesttrg, su&ject to t& tcrsis cad coa&tloBS pruned oa the tack iicrcaf, .c sre herein rcod (g J
To - -
324 pw 117 CollectHl 3 extra
Washington," D. C. !
FROM THE HAGUE J
Felix U. Warburg,
Joint Distribution Committee,
20 Exchange Place, New York
For Gods Sake Raise all njoney you can-condition3 indoncribnble Foland
Lithuania-one ciiilion people perishing from hunger end cold-Death rate
ten psrcent-Soup kitchens and asylums for aged and children closed for
lack of funds-Children cannot attend school account extreme weakness and
lack of clothing-An unexcnpled Catastrcrhc faces the Folich Jcws-Asisrica
practically sole help. Signed Senior and Bogen
RO DLTvT LAKSIKG,
o.-crrf.rrr cf Stats THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919.
FIVE
1
1
t
i
1
i
i
i
i
t
-
I
i
AVHL "11
TRAOE MARK
The City of
GOODRICH
f HILTON CHARHF8 C0AST LEAGUE TAKES minor leagues are
f iuliuii uiinuULUv.p.,- nnlni..F .jMniOTiinnrn nurn
LIUni ICMIil UUIilDINC UUUlOlUnDLU UVLtt
Put
On
The Left Shoe
Fir
.1.
They all said it Dough
boy, Pcila, and Tommy
and dirking to that bit
of trench superstition,
they believed it brought
- good luck for the day
and longer life in the shell
ed racked stretch about
then.
Eut in thesa fairer, happier
days, when peace whirls
the wheels of motordom
?S3in, we say,
DEMPSEY OF FAKE
Hy Review leased Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO. Calif., Feb. 1.
Fred Fulton authorized the San Fran
cisco Call today to make the statement
that his fight with Jack Dempsey at
Harrison Park, X. J., July 27, 191S,
was a pre-arranged affair to the ex
tent that he and Dempsey were to box
an eight round "exhibition'.' and that
Dempsey won in the first round by
"doable crossing" him.
Fulton said he wanted a chance to
fight the winner of the proposed Wil-lard-Dempsey
match.
"I was in on the thing, 'fake if you
Tcich t all it thqt KiuiQiiQa Y n t
nli.wl -1 , 1 V. .. , ...... ..!.!
OUCBU ttUU U1U HUCIL 111 J UlAUagtTl IVIU
me.
"Now with Jess Willard wanting to
fight and with Dempsey picked by
more critics as the man to meet him. I
do not propose to keep still any
longer."
Put on
first."
the right shoe
And, cf course, the right
shoe, is the Goodrich
Shoe, because it means
- good luck da' and night,
and longer lifs in your
tires.
But there's no superstition
about it; cn!y the big,
husky L ed y, and the wide,
thick SLACK SAFETY
TH;:aD, Goodrich builds
ir.tc tires that
Round out the depend
ability and durability of
Goodrich Service Value.
Buy Goodrich Tires
from a Dealer
II
m hi
"i jig m pftlil "M
-ZJ VXV SsZ taJy.y 5 fQg,
13 sr
DEMPSEY ELUDES REPORTERS
By Review Leases! Wirp)
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, Feb. 1
Jack Dempsey, charged in a statement
printed today in the San FTancisco
Call which was said to hare been au
thorized by Fred Fulton, with "double
crossing Linton in an alleged pre
arranged fight at Harrison Park, X. J.,
July 27 last, disappeared from Salt
Lake today. He is out of the city but
just where he is spending the week-
3iid no one appears to know.
Rv Review Leased Wirel
SAX FRANCISCO, Calif., Feb. 1.
The Pacific Coast baseball league co
day became an eight club organiza
tion when the directors of the league
voted to admit Portland and Seattle
to membership. Tacoma and Van
couver, Wash., which sought admis
sion to the league, were denied mem
bership on the ground that a ten club
league would be unwieldy.
Portland and Seattle were admitted
to membership in the Pacific Coast
league of baseball clubs here late to
day at the annual meeting. Salt Lake
was represented at the meeting by
William Lane and John Cook, while
Willis Egan of Tacoma also was at
the meeting seeking a membership for
Tacoma,
J. M. Brewster was elected a dele
gate to the meeting from the Seattle
club and Judge W. V. McCredie from
the Portland club.
Willis Egan of Tacoma Avas given
a hearing to advance claims for a Ta
coma club in the circuit. If Tacoma
is accepted another club will have to
be taken in to make it a ten team
league.
The directors expect to meet again
tonight and tomorrow.
HERRMANN'S ACTION
LOWA BADLY BEATEN
By Review Leased W ire)
IOWA CITY, lowa, Feb. 1. Minne
sota defeated Iowa 2S to 18 in a west
ern conlerence basketball game to
night. '
TELEGRAPHIC WATER MEETS
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
URBAN A, Ills.. Feb. 1 Holding in
tercollegiate swimming meets by tele
graph i3 the latest innovation in the
western conference. All aquatic meets
in the "Big Ten" this season will be
conducted by telegrapn, according to
E. J. Manley, coach of the University
of Illinois.
The varsity swimmers will compete
vith each other, or with ineligibles
ana tne opposing teams will run
similar events at the same time. The
results will be telegraphed. From
these reports the points will be com
puted and the winners determined.
The new telegraph meets. Coach
Manley said, will eliminate traveling
expenses and will interest other than
first a earn men in acquatic sports.
LEONARD WILL TOUR
WORLD IN EXHIBITS
( By Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO, Feb. 1 Refusal of Chair
man Herrmann of the National Base
ball commission to sign the new pact
with the minor leagues is no cause for
alarm, according to Al R. Tearney.
president of the lhree-I league and
chairman of the minor league commit
tee which effected the "break" with
the majors.
"We accepted the word of the major
leagues that they would respect our
contracts, players and territorial
rights and their word is good enough
for me," said Chairman Tearney.
"The action of the minor leagues
is a splendid thing. It enables us to
protect our clubs by holding most of
our good players, and thus assure our
patrons better baseball than we could
give under the old agreement. We will
continue to seil players to the majors
and buy players from them, but we
will sell to whom we please and not
be compelled to give them up under
the optional agreement and draft.
"Miner league clubs will never be
broken up in mid-season by sales or
recall of player 'loaned' us by the
major leagues. The minor leagues
are well satisfied with the new turn
of affairs."
Chairman Tearney and his asso
ciates will present a new agreement
to the commission within a month.
RED CROSS SHOP IN
NEED OF CLOTHING
The Red Cross shop here will help
to outfit the returned soldier with
working clothes if the public will co
operate. Already many have been supplied
from the shop at very small cost, but
clothing is needed to carry on the
work, as almost nothing in the way
of men's clothing and shoes, remains
to be sold.
Every day people who come to buy
have to be turned away. For over
five weeks very little has been re
ceived at the shop. The receipts ot
the shop are, in consequence, very
small.
To those who give their time to the
work this is jrery discouraging. To wo
men not now occupied with the indus
trial work ot the local chapter an ap
peal is made, urging them to solicit
garments for the shop and to make
known to the residents of the district
the need for generous contributions
along this line.
TOM
(Bv- Review Leased Wire)
SAX FRANCISCO, Calif., Feb. 1
Benny Leonard, lightweight champion
of the world, will engage in no cham
pionship fight nor any decision match
in the United States for a matter of
two years to come.
Billy Gibson, Leonard's manager,
and LL Sydney Cohan of New York
city, representing New York business
men, announced late today the exist
ence of a contract requiring Leonard
to make a 15 months tour of Australia.
India, China, France and England,
starting from San Francisco next Sep
tember. For this tour, which will be
one of exhibitions chiefly, Leonard is !
guaranteed ?1C4,000 with the privilege i
of a percentage. In addition Cohan is
hopeful he will be able to arrange f or , -
DIETZ INDICTED
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
LOS ANGELES, Calif., Feb. 1. Wil
liam "Lone Star" Dietz, football
coach, who was indicted at Spokane
Wash., by a federal grand jury for
alleged falsification of his question
naire, announced here today that he
would arrange an immediate return to
face the charges. Dietz said he had
the advice of an attorney in preparing
his questionnaire.
noteFfromi
mo vie land
5
three fights of 20 rounds each in Au
stralia, with a guarantee of $60,000;
three in England to net $150,000 end
possibly one in Calcutta.
MOORE OUTBOXES LEONARD
AUTO SHOW ANNOUNCED
( By Review L r.ped Wire)
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 1. The St.
Leu is Automobile Show, abandoned
with the advent of the war, will be
held this year February 17 to 22.
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Feb. 1. Pal
Moore of Memphis, outboxed Battling
Leonard of Philadelphia, in a six
round bout here tonight. Leonard was
aggressive but Moore's superior box
ing ability gave him the advantage. '
rui-Juices
In Vials
Jiffy-Jell Sav
ors come sealed
in glass a bottle
in each package.
Each is rich es
sence, condensed
from fruit juice.
Add boiling
water, then this
essence, and vou
gelatine dessert, and at
trifling cost. You . should
know this fruity dainty.
10 Flavors, of Your Grocer'
2 Package for 25 Cents
x
t THIS P.
here!1
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Li
J "BEST IrJ THE Si
j LONG RUN"
iiMffir Mass .
While most of us have been freez
ing and worrying about the shortage
of gas and the high cost of coal, Con
stance Talmadge has been making a
picture in which bathing suits and
beach scenes hold sway. Some people
are always lucky and it is no wonder
Uiat girls go "movie-mad" when they
hear about the pleasant life of a flim
favorite.
"Who Cares?" is the name of the
picture and there are two high spots j
in it, display of surf costumes and a:
cafe scene copied from one of the J
most famous places in America. j
The beach scenes in "Who Cares?" ;
are numerous and in them Miss Tal- j
madge introduces several modish
bathing costumes. Unlike the average:
young woman who makes. one bathing,
suit do service for a whole season,
Miss Talmadge in "Who Cares?" has
a different suit for every dip ia the
! surf. j
i But all of the scenes in "Who
ICares?" were not made on the beach:
.jand while the bathing suit moments,
will undoubtedly get a fair share ofj
iattention, there is one unusual cafej
i scene that" is said to be the most ex-'
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
When a company, seeking to sell its stock for development
purposes, makes definite promises, it must redeem those
promises, or not make them.
It is a hazardous policy to indulge in rash or extrava
gant prophecies.
We made and have been for the past month making
our ads clean-cut and unequivocal promises.
We Arc Nov Redeeming Those
Promises to the Letter
By doing WHAT? By beginning the erection of our der
rick and preparing for the installing of our standard drill
ing rig by assembling our material, tools, casing, etc.,
preparatory to the immediate resumption of drilling.
We are now recording another promise. Note it, and
note at the same time that we will redeem this new prom
ise with the same promptitude and conscientious exact
ness that marked the making good of previous promises.
This is the promise. We will have that drill biting
chunks out of the earth at the rate of 25 feet per day, mov
ing merrily downward toward that stratum of rich paraffin
base oil that we have already encountered and bring in a
commercial well within 40 days after the drill begins to
drop.
What will that mean to the market value of our stock?
Everyone knows how oil stocks advance after oil is struck.
Our stock will follow the rule $ $ and more $.
You can still get this stock at 20 cents per share, we
cannot promise that this rate will last Jong. Get it NOW.
I:
U.p. Oil & Refining Co.
Tonkin & Caulfield
Sasses
Collins & Bretherton
Jack Bldg.
Social Hop
Monday Night, 8:30 o'clock
MRS. SALES' ACADEMY
' Long's Orchestra
ADMISSION $1.00 LADIES FREE
Copyright reswteced. 1918
i s " . i ' - -r
. -t.
lit
mm
Can an Old Battery be Repaired?!
That depends:
on how old it ia
J on how well youVe takerTcare of it
f n how soon you let the Willard expert
locate the trouble and correct the fault?
Nobody can repair a battery until he finds
the trouble, and nobody can correct a big
fault as easily as he can a little one.
If you suspect any little battery troubles"
you'd better drive around and let us find
them. Ask for the booklet "A Mark with a
Meaning for You.! - JJ
j pensive ever made on the coast. Thej
;set for the cafa scenes is a replica
of one of the most famous resorts hi!
jAirerica, and a3 a special feature.'
.uargaret loomis, one or ine ueni
! shawn dancers, is seen in a solo per
formance. I The story has to do with a girl who
plays at love. . -
3 ft.
j PIANIST IN FILMS
J Itnace Jan Taderewski. world fa
nicv.s pianist ajid patriotic Pole, is
i to get into pictures. He has entered a
'contract to appear in a film, the pur
'pose of which, according to state
i ment.3 cive?. out. is to represent the
itraoitions, ideals and aspirations of
! Fc-land and to emphasize the import
ant factor w.Mch that country will be-j
Jfcms in the remaking of the map ofj
j Eur:v' and in the establishment of ai
i'lev.- dernoi'racy out of the chaos ofj
jthe world war. All the proceeds from:
sine film will be turned over to the
Polish relief fund. Mnie. Paderewski
will aiso be featured in the film. Some
jof the senes have already been taken.
1
Our
Pat
STAGE LOSES AGAIN
A tempting offer from the Gold
wyn company has caused the tempor
ary loss to the stage of Corinne Bark
er, last seen in "Remnant." in which
no less than three metropolitan critics
hailed her as "a new American stage
beauty."
Miss Barker left recently for Holly-
jwcod, Cal., where she will begin work
I in a new Goldwyn production for
which she has been especially en-
The fire which destroyed the Central Theater, has in no way fetedtn T li'uref mS
inlprfprpfi uritK nnr nUt Y r 1 v i ii r '
our expert faculties and
r:!
We are open for business and all of !parker has "irendy gained distinction
SALE of Men, Women's and
Children's HIGH GRADE SHOES
BELOW COST PRICES. Sale Starts Wednesday A. M. $$$ Savedl
Coag Early-Get First Choice. We Can Fit Yoa. Read-Tliiik-Aai
125 pr. Miners Digging Shoes
Regular $6.00. at
Regular ?5.00;at
....$4.35 These hob nailed
.$4.C0 fre it desired.
Army Shoes
Complete line of sizes; regular Munson last, $7.50 value, at
Men's Dress Shoes
-1
2
MASTER WORKMEN ARE AT YOUR SERVICE
AS ALWAYS
limasi & Wright
BATTERY EXPERTS,
Lowell
a
beauty.
m hi t--.
-'.4
limits
A Complete Service Siaiion at
Your Disposal
MRS. JACK PICKFORD
Ciive Thomas, former Kollies attrac
t'"on and the wife of Jack Pickford. is
seriously ill in .Vow Yo:k with influ
enza. Shr has just, s'gned a contract
v.;;h Sriect calling for a remuneration
i f $2.ri0 a monih. S-'.ie v. ill probably
work in t!:e west.
C K. !..!ii'tt. special ro:;r soitit ivo
'f S' 'c--; Pi' firrs corporation, is in
t'je city, closing contracts with Man
ager Kugetso Tracy of the Kaglc for
ti'c o:ch;'. ';K v. of a n'imb'T t f snet i il
-(tii " ;. ,jit of which is the Cavoll
Case, based upon the execution of
- tciv". mi- Kn.Tl'sn nvir?" who
. ..!) ; :hc tiT-'ums iii BMiduni
s p Fry. T v ill lt shown shortly.
" ri-i.-ii rrre',Mtativx
cf Hie Fox Film Corporation, also con
t n rtv "'!h '. 'cf !"::irlo for -jveral
-(., ,., ircKnii'iir the Liie ot
General T'ershirg. and Salf.ac. the lit
ier being an especially tine example
of tuutioa picture art.
Regular $8.00 value, at
Button, regular $7.00 value, at
Lace, regular $6.00 value, at
Mci and Calf, regular ?3.50 value.
vteu Known make. Roberts. Johnson ft Koed.
Specials. Holland Make.
at
$5.35
$5.75
$4.75
$4.50
$4.25
Carter's
v. K JClUItd r- j iv
W - ' - - A."
ladies Gray Kid, cloth top. Lents heel; full line t
sues; high tops; Cuban heels;ioi kid and gunmetal;
cloth tops.
Regular $9.00 value, at $6 S
Regular S.t0 value, at
Regular Sti.OO value, at ..
Regular $5.00 value, at
$5.25
$4.25
$3.50
LADIES'
Regular $3.50 value
PUMPS, VICI, GUNMETAL
at $3.75
AND PATENT (FULL LINE
Regular $5.00 value, at
$3.50
Regular
Regular
$3.0t
$;" 50
Girl's and Children's Shoes
!)
value, at
value, at
$3.75
S2.50
Regular $3.00
Regular ?;!.0O
snio.
value
at
Ml
WED
Feb. 2. 1919
8:00 O'clock
REMEMBER TIIE&NAME AND LOCATION
A. M
$2.25
$2.00
GRANT'S SHOE STORE,
LOWELL, ARIZONA. SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919.
GLADSTONES OPEN "AT
EAGLE THEATER TODAY
I presence, last were seen in Eisbee
i three years ago. With them on the
1 present tour are Sisnor Carlo Fessia
: and his Queens of the Jazzscopation,
1 ami Mile. Hazel, incomparable aero-
! bat.
: The picture program will start as !
RITTER TELLS OF
QUICK FIRE WORK
The Gladstone vaudeville road show,
an old time favorite in Bisbee, opens
today at the Ea?le theater for a three
days' run, ending Tuesday night. The
vaudeville performance, consisting of
three headline acts, opens at 4 o'clock
and continues to 11 o'clock. This is
in addition to the picture program
which will consist of a six reel Wil
liam Russell feature "Hobbs in a Hur
ry." The Gladstone sisters, who will be
remembered here because of their
dainty versatility and pleasing stage
usual at 1 o'clock.
EMMY TAKES JOYR1DE
Of the many exciting adventures to
which a moving picture star becomes
accustomed, riding in a patrol wagon
to a po'ice station would seem to be
he least desirable, and yet Emmy
jWehlen, star of "Sylvia on a Spree,"
which was made from the story of
;tce sause name by .E. Frost, believes
! in realism ftfr her work and insisted
I that an honest-to-goodness patrol wag
1 on be used in one of her scenes.
Statements current in Lowell that
the volunteer fire department of that
suburb was unduly long in getiing
v.f iter on the fire which Thursday
nisht destroyed the Central theater,
caused Fred W. Ritter, chief of the
department, to issue a statement yes
terday denying the charges.
"Several members of the depart
ment, including myself, were in th?
theater when the fire broke out." Mr.
Ritter said, ''and we rushed to the
fire house, not more than 73 feet from
the theater. Two fire plugs are locat
ed within 100 feet of the building and
I am positive that water was being
thrown on the flames within five min
I utes after the first flnh occurred,
j "The men cf the domr: merit were
i quick in responding and worked faith
fully in trying to save the theater."
"YOU'RE IN LOVE" HAS
MANY SNAPPY SONGS
1 vkAj ILsJ
3
TODAY AND MONDAY
TODAY AND MONDAY
If songs that half the town will be
singing before long are sufficient to
make the success of a musical com
edy, then "You're in - Love,' Arthur
Hammersiein's new production of
life, love and youth, which, comes to
the Grand theater Wednesday. Feb
ruary 5. for one ni?ht only, will have
more than a satisfactory engagement
in this city.
The book and lyrics are by Otto
Ilarbao'i. and Edward Clark and the
music by Rudolf Frinil of ' The Fire-
j fly," ' High Jinks" and "Katinka"
fame.
Three of the-so".g hits, "Youre in
Love,' "LoveUm-l" and 'I Am Only
Dreaming," are of that simple, sac
charine variety that are keeping ttie
song shops thriving all over cur lilt
ing land.
WPPf PMS m a Mi IFInWPt 1
I: utoliyplllily mm i HulUlyd
H i :
Business Locals
Pictures, continuous, starting 1 o'clock. Vaudeville and Fictures, 4:00 to li :00 p. m.
-Road Show
FUN, MUSIC, PRETTY GIRLS. RADIATING ALL THAT IS BRIGHT AND
COLORFUL
X
GTS
-Presen tin si-
attention
Annual jt:lub meeting will be held
at Upper Lowell club house Monday,
6:30 p. m. Ev.erybody requested to
be preser.t. 1
302 O. M. ALYIX.
NOTICE TO OUR RETURNED
SOLDIERS
Meet at the band room. Junction
shaft, Sunday afternoon at 3:30.
COMMITTEE.
NOTICE
The Waldorf will open Tuesday,
February 4. under new management.
Dinner 3 to 6:30 p. m. 291
NOTICE
Electrical wiring promptly done by
P. C. Lyman. Phone orders to 4S9,
Bisbee.
THE YAMMA GIRLS
NIFTY SONGS, CLASSY DANCERS, CLEVER PATTER
HAZEL GLADSTONE
INCOMPARABLE ACROBAT
CHANDLER TRIO
ROCKH ILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee.
I Bisbee Auto company, 7:45 a. m., 1:30
p. m. Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
NOTICE
The garages in the Warren district
which have been closed on Suudavs
j during the war, will reopen again
commencing Sunday. February 2.
259 WARREN DIST. AUTO ASSN.
"SMOKE" CASE WILL
BE TRIED BEFORE
UNITED STATES COURT
The first so-called "smoke" case to
be filed in Cochise count. A that of
Kdward E. Miller vs. Calumet & Ari
zona Mining company and Phelps
Dodge corporation, for damages al
legod to have been done his crops
on a farm approximately three miles
distant from the smelters of the two
of C.
D
A
N
CE
THE KNIGHTS OF COLUM3US
WILL CIVE A DANCE AT K. cf C.
CLUB HOUSE ON
Thurs. Feb. 6th
EVERYBODY INVITED
LONG'S ORCHESTRA
eorpoiations at Douglas, will be heard
hy the United States court for the
disiriet of A.izona at Tucson. The
order for t muster, was made by
Superior Jule A. C. Ixnkwood after
a petition had been ineel with him!
by Attorneys C. E. Mathews and John'
Sanders, representing the P helps
Dodge corporation, which is organized'
un.'.er the laws of New York ar.d,
therefore, can claim federal jurisdic
tion. ,
The, case asaiast the Calumet
Arizona Mining company, a corpora-;
lion crsar.Ued under the laws of Ari
zona, will be tried before the' superior
court.
The Miller case was brought by
Robert X. French, now county attor
ney, in behalf of the farmer and is
understood to be in the nature of a'
test case. It claims damages in the
sum. of approximately $0 ntu.
cry for iomach. liver and intestinal
ailments which has not only been mar
veluusly Siiccess'al ovs-r tfcvre. hut hns
boon equally .o ever hte. The in
gredients are i:-.i;k ru u ar.d put up for
sale in this country hy Jeo. U. Mayr,
for many years a loauirg Chicago
chemist, u'.:,Vr the n.r.ne of Mayr's
Wonderful Remedy. It is a simple,
harmless piep-iration that removes the
catarrhal mucus from tho intestinul
tract ar.d allays the inflammation
which causes piaitic." y ail stomach,
iiver and intestinal ailmtr.t 3. includittg
appendicitis. 0:o dose will convince
or money refunded.
Soid by Lowell Ding company and
druegists ev?r vl re.
FRANCE GIVES
AID TO AMERICA
j The pouring out of French blood
: and the enormous financial sacrifices
; are not the only aid France has given
j America. We are indebted to the
' French peasants for a perfect reni-
A
EAGLES' CLUB
Every .
Wednsiay ci.id Saturday
EAGLES' HALL
DANCING 8:30 P. M.
LONG'S ORCHESTRA
r.r3 sszisii
Today
ONLY
LY
RIO
THEATER
inuous
rem S
(Oontmitous
1:00 to 11:00
P. M.
ADOLPH ZUKOR PRESENTS THE CHARMING
IE EI
A MUSICAL
GALAXY DELUXE
-al
INSTRUMENTALISTS
so-
WIVL RUSSELL
in a Thrilling 6-Act Comedy Drama of the west
"Efofofos in a
Here's a lOO-miles-per-minute narrative, just brimful of excitement, dash and ginger
a six part comedy-drama without a single dull moment. "Big Bill" Russell smashing
through every obstacle lightning has nothing on "Hurricane Hobbs" when once he
gets going from start to finish it's a regulzr whirlwind and a miniature cyclone.
GIVING BONUS STOCK
The Warren Sulphur & Oil com
pany are giving two shares bonus for
every share purchased at 20 ceits.
See F. Briggs & Co., opposite Central
j theater. Phone 701, Lowell.
i
NOTICE
A meeting of all soldiers and sail
1 ors of the Warren district is called
fnr- Simrtar TTctirimrv t . m Cl.t.i
i j Fellows' hall.
57 T. LU.NUHKAK, Secy.
1 Lu L. Gilman sells the New EdiSGn,
l"The Phonograph With a Soul."
i Painter and Paper Hancring, Signs
C. J. BRANDT
; Box 150. 27 Broadway. Phone 456
TTU - TT
By arrangement with F. ZIEGFELD, JR., in
"0
11 BIB nl
U3 fit
b
lira tm i w t i: Ok R li r1
61 a mmim
99
Dainty Paramount Star has exceptionally charming role, that of a romantic-minded
convent girl, alsc
THE LATEST "PATflE MEWS"
News of all the World, "Knows All Sees All."' And, for a good laugh, see
"By Heck, III Save Her,?
Lower floor, 13c, war tax, 2c, total 15c Balcony 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Reserved seats 22c, war tax 3c, total 25c
TOBIORROW-JOHN BAREYMORE
-IN-
Admission, 1 to 4 Children, 10c; Adults, 15; 4 to 11 Children, 25c; Adults, 35c
S This mcludes war tax.
I
, PIANO LESSONS
given by graduate of Sasees Acad
emy, New York. Thorough and cor
rect instruction for beginners or
advanced scholars guaranteed.
MRS. MARQUETTE
Opera Drive Orp. Hish School
"ON
TOE
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
By AUGUSTUS THOMAS
rp n 1
!1
ii
r
T? 7TT7TX
5 Ii f EV
11
I
13
First U. S. Official Wax Film
Taken by the U. S. Signal Corps and Navy Photographers and the French General Staff
Presented by COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC INFORMATION George Creel, Chairman
Through Division of Films, Charles S. Hart, Director
fill A NO
mEATE
A graphic panorama of America's progress in the first year of the war against the Imperial
German Autocracy. How our boys made good on the biggest and
most blood-stirring job they ever tackled.
A FIRST NATIONAL ATTRACTION. "Scenes of Staggering Immensity." POPULAR PRICES 25 and 35c.
'''An!. r r- - --' ----- n---"" ' - ' " - - - - , .- t r - i -- n r" ' i ' '
mm Mm W Is mPMMA
WITH t--
G'S CMJS ADEJRS V-wT
r I
J
Last Time! . O
i iii.iii imjLiiiii l iiimiuhwi mi. imii i ''-' ' iiii iw mil " " l HW w.ji, u , ,mm
TODAY
Continuous Performance, 1 to 11 P.M. 4p $rtr of
r 5 uc
f V
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
VOL. 21, NO. 228.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
I
i
I i
1
i
1 A
f .
J-
VERDE PROSPECTS
CONTINUE ACTIVE
i
A depth, of over 12T3 feet has Boweity on Wednesday had reached a
been reached in the shaft at Verde depth of 1S04 feet and the plan of the
Combination, and it will take about company management wis to continue
tio weeks more to attain the lsoo
level and allow for a sump below that
point. j then will be cut both on the 1700 and
For the first 100 feet lielow the j 1S00 eres an,j exploration work stari
10SO level the shaft was in a well ed on ieve3. xo new ore de-
mineralized blush-black schist. The Ve!opmeni3 were reported from the
formation from the 1200 down and up j rwnn durimr the week.
to the last few rounds is a hard dio-r- J
ite and jasper. Recently the shaft has
been passing through a hard eilieious
quartz and the last, round of shots ;
has broken into a soft schist fairly!
well mineralized in pyrite and chalco-
pynte ana showing some specks ul j
bornite. The formation all appears to
dip toward the northwest.
w t .
When the station on the 1300 level du cecelnter. Operations at the
has been cut headings will probably , tattuck are more Umited in scope at
1x5 n alh- . So"thestfry aDd j present than at the beginning of Jan
northwesterly, with the best chances ; h closi h , a
for such direction conforms with, the i
dip and downward trend of the V
Etreaks of high grade copper ore ex- j
posed in the station on the 1080.
However, it has been found that
Euiciou3 quartz more man oiten i.es j p. sect in fur exchange to the
on top of the ore bodies in this dis-'Eirk cf Arizona Kt Perscott, Ariz.,
trict, and it is possible that the for-'j an Etot so offered for transfer
ination cut in the shaft will be found ; in4 accompanied by the 3 cent per
to be the capping of an ore body. j Share transfer charge will be convert
Combination has been holding up!ed inl0 lhe stoci! of the new com.
well in the market, none being offered D3ET However, the new stock will
at less than 3-4, and Is considered heid tv tbe Dant until Jnly lt 1919
a good "gambling" purchase at that to auow company a chance to
price, one can look Tor some activ-
Itv tn Iha stnrfc xchon latprr.1 rf.vlriT- !
- - ,in sate oi us irezsury siock. as iub
ment is started on the 1S00 leveL j slock of Jercme Portland has no value
Gadsden except for transfer into stock of Je-
Tha crosscut being run northwest- rome-Bisbee, there Is no doubt that
erly on tie 1200 level recently cut all ee 0jd stockholders will take ad
through a water course about 900 feet Yar-ape of the generous offer to ex
from the shaft in which wa3 exposed ; chanre their stoct. Already, accord
several small pockets of native cop- -ms Q reports, over 30,o6o shares
p&r. Xo drifting was done on this have genl from jerome alone,
formation and the heading is being The property, which has been gross
continued on toward the north and ly mismanaged in the past, is well
south fault, a distance of about lS00thou?nt of as a prospeCt, and lies ad
feet from the shaft. The heading has j jacent to tie Copper Chief. Shea,
row gone about 1050 feet and has been , Green Monster. Equator and Jerome
passing through a quartz-schist. ThejSt. Louis, and about three and one
last few rounds are showing a very half miIeg southeasterly from the town
soft decomposed schist. Occasionally j 0 Jerome,
evidences of chalcopyrite are to be i " ir . vfX.
discovered In the formation.
Pitsburgh-Jerome
Supt, Chas. A rata Is still awaiting
the arrival of certain compressor parts ;
necessary for the starting up of thela, qn,- viufe Qf the ore remains !
machinery before work can' be re- i8round the 9 per cent mark. " Develop-1
Burned on a larger scale. iment work t0 immediate north of
it is anticipated that when work is;the ore Dody and on the 1190 .leTel
again Inaugurated, extensive develop-! (corresponding to the U. V. Extension
main tunnel level. Some very prom-!
ising ground was encountered in work
" ..... . vu ' - " - .
cone mere iai summer, cowever. a.
lead of rich ore which was exposed , son ias jn3t inished a thorough in
was cut off by a "slip or break In ; specUon and examination of the prop
the formation, and it Is for the pur-iertv and preparing his usual state
pese of locating this enrichment at , merit to the stockholders of the corn
some other point that the new work T,a-ir-
will be done Green Monster
Shea Copper j Drifting both ways on the contact
A small force of men is at work on the 900level from the Dorothy May
extracting and sorting the ore from Shaft is still being prosecuted at this
the west d-ift on the 350 foot level at property, and while nothing of an ex
this property and sufficient "pay rock" citing nature has been opened up in
Is now ready for a second shipment the work so far done, there have been
to the U. Y. Extection smelter at occasional evidences of mineraliza
Verde. The first shipment of about tion.
13 tons netted in the neighborhood Curtailing Production
of I2.S00 and. judging from the close On account of the over-production
sorting now being done, the next wM and low price cf copper, both the
run much higher in value. The vai- Fnited Verde Copper company and
,1, ,sr.Mr :;47JZr, w
7n JX L? I
in fact, picked samples have run as
t,;, o ioftn
.j
It is estimated that there are over
1000 tons of ere on the dump which
will run from $30 to $40 per ton.
E. L. Bartholomew, former superin-
tendent cf the Venture Hill and Verde
Apex, is row in charge of the work
at Shea Copper.
Calumet & Jerome
T sp-tlg by diamond drilling is
!n ei-r ''o3 at 'he C. ft J. a
ora"t for thre or four holes com-
r"si"e oer "f'on fee? of wrrV ti'1"'"
beel let to the D'imend Dr'lling com
pany. The first set-uo ha3 been made j"st
over the top of the sill from the
fhaft on the "Calumet" claim. This
ground lies adjoining the "Venture
South" and "Venture Xorth" claims
of the Urdted Verde Copper comtany
and, while no work has been done on
the latter claims for some years, it
Is said that some rich ore was extract
ed from near the surface a number of
years ago.
Jerome Bisbee Copper Company
The above named company was re
cently organized to take over the de
funct Jerome Portland Mining com
pany. Late last year the propert es
cf the Jerome Portland were bid in
at a receivership sale for $14,000 by
parties intererted In the welfare of
that company, and an option has been
given the new company which will
permit of the purchase of the proper-
tv at the same finre
Ti:e Jerome Bisbee L? capitalized
for 1,500.000 shares cf the par Talue
of 50 cents each.
There are abcut S00.000 shares of
the Jerome Portland stock outstand-
ing (not counting the Frame stock
which was declared illegally i3ued by
the court). Stockholders ia Jero-r.e
Portland are being given the orpor
tunity cf exchanging their stock shire
for share for that of the Jerome-Cis-bee
upon the payment of a fee of 3
ctats per share. ?uch payment to be
r.ed in the purchase cf the property
and its un watering and examination.
No rrcmotion ftoek will be Issued
tf the treasury ci tbe new company.
Demi Production
For Past Month
BOWING IIP GOOD
The shaft of the Denn-Arizona prop-
smviiie until the sumo is
f9t be-i
iow tne isoo-fcot station
Stations :
Tbe production Gf tie Denn, while
not aali0uncei as yet. will be approx-;
ilnatr.lr sanie-as for December, it;
was learned.
. tVa cv.otT.v.Ava rT-.ol-i
. nrODertT EO ' develcDments
of icttrest toOK place during the
wek Tn? copper production of this
nmnertr win h. but a trifle less than
r I
olace durme the!
the men who had been mining lead
silver ores.
! Marc'i 1919. 2s the time limit set
in - i,;,.-.. .i.,, cio-k .Ttrome Portland
r e fund for development through
, .
Extraction from the Maintop ore
body continues at the rate of over 2
-" r -
trnn r v n1 hinmnta . stfl!
w., moHo t, slnci,cr tt.,t- !
pvp I n :ia nnpnpn tit cftm o nrnrn.!o''i 't t' " i,v- v, ... i
isio?, ground, although no values have !
,00 to-.-,. I
" ' " ' - 1
mnnttir.ir Fnrinw H p Hendir-
lulu .lure three distinct ledges showing on
r"Pf3r are cntting down their work-, h surface h ghaf op5 f;
;ng fcrces and lessening their pro- . - 0-. tn . .K . . ..OVl i
j..: , , v.hich is said to be the rich ihea i
. . , . ' . , '
mn have been laid off in Jerome,
Cla-kdale and Verde, and the U. V.
Conner comoanv have closed down
blast fnrnace. while the Exten-1
ion wk'n onlr one furnacn and
n-n a lower rrade ore than usual.
Te to the lay-off and the fact that
-r'-'-r srlVers are being put to
tvprp tp a lare cnrpVjs of labor
: h 'i5r5rt 3 reet. rtiffts
v- o'Vi a
th outside ra'l-
-- war1"? thse seeking
ct tbat thei-e is no chance
;p- !-" t the present time
- .,e ver(ie District.
MUCH ORE TREATED IN
COLORADO'S SMELTERS
DUR.XGO. Co'o.. Feb. 1. Four
t-ndred ard two thousand, five hun-i
"-ed a"d sir dry tons of Colorado ore!
--- troated in the plants of the
meri"-- S-eitir? & Refining com -
""-y d'j"-in? the list year, according: -enntered in sinking the new shaft j doughnuts. There's a hole in a dough-
- a statement from Manager R. P. j between the 2"0 and 300-foot levels, nut and I bjlive there's an unfillable I
Raynolds of the local plant. Thisi'oo strong to be handled by the ccm-; hole ia a dou.h'r-oy" j
brousht 126,927 ounces of gold. 5.239.-1 tcny's present pumping equipment.: To make "Doughboy Doughnuts'" of,
318 ounces of silver, 54.131.n53 pounds ! this property is practically close J the kind the boys at the front like1
of le?.d and 5.359.094 pounds of cop-! down for the present. 'best I found the following recipe the!
PAr- Ttis brought a total of $13,055. -
51 to Colorado mining men.
In spite of possibility of decreased ' water level in a well at the foot cf'
f rices for ores, the outlook for mining the rise on which the shaft was be-
,n e future is considered bright byjing sunk, has been raised and it now ;
mining men. Manufacturers of m;n-
mg tool are returning to this busi -
M Instead of war work and the re -
leise of many mine experts from'perts in hydraulic ensineering on the
army service is expected to bring; ground to examine th property and
new mining activities. i make tests which wouid determine
( how the waieriiow could be handled
PAL MOORE GIVEN DECISION. It is not believed that it is the in
BALTIMOKE. Md . Feb. 1. Pal I ention of the company to abandon
Mcore of Mpmrhis. bantamweight, was the new workings on which consid
awarded th decision here tonicht cv.ble money has been expended, ua
ever Yo'ins McCovem of Philadelphia. le?s the hea.l of wr.ter be found tor
The Philadelphia man was game, but i great to be overcome by pumping
Moore had it all his own way. i equipment within it means.
ISLAND
Grand Island has been attracting
more than the usual attention luring i
I the past few weeks, not only locally.
uiiua uuidiuc iiaailviB wen l
wnere lne oemana ior me eicck lias j
oeen quite orisK.
For the past year or so the stock
has been practically a drug on the
market, and quite a few large blocks
were bought in as low as nine cents
per share even when the cash in the
treasury greatly exceeded an amount
sufficient to buy in all the outstand
ing stock. A quiet buying campaign
has een carried on for the past few
M510?111? Py ttsburg capitalists head-
.V " j
Crf hu Inhn l Karmoti o r .-1 l-rr T wmnv
c .uoore and associates or Jerome, un
til at present there is very little, if
any, of the cheap stock acquired prior
to the re-financing of the company
available. Local traders are now bid-
disg IS cents for the stock and those i
in the know argue that even without j
the occurrence of any exciting devel- j
opment features, the stock will go to
25 or 30 cents within the next ten :
days or so.
However, it is not merely the assimi- i
lation of the stock by large . buyers j
that has caused the intense interest in j
Grand Island. It is the real faith in j
the property. AH' who are in any way ;
familiar wiih the holdings ef Grand
Island have always looked ori it with j
favor. A vein of rich ore, assaying!
from $40 to $70 per ton in gold,, silver
and copper and being from two to I
i tt-ge feet in Hth wa? followed fron
.-I1168 Ieet ln WlQin, Vas IOllOW ea irOO
the rr5 rnnrs .ixl-ti tn n Horktli rf Art '
feet where water drove them out. This
was some years ago and before the
installation of a plant at the property.
A blow-out, or "Glory Hole," near the
above workings but on a separate lead,
assays $12 to the ton on the surface.
After the company was re-financed !
by Layman & Moore, who put over
$200,000 into the treasury through the j
sale of stock, a new shaft was started.
At a depth of SO feet the ledge on j
which the 40 foot shaft was sunk was ;
cut. At 200 feet a crosscut was run
west, which, at an advance of about j
100 feet, cut a strong ledge dipping ;
northeasterly at an angle of about SO j
degrees. This ledge is approximately '
or r i j.i.v. 1 .- .. i . :!..
" w,.ul"' auuuiJ1
Ieel 01 weii-mmerauzeu QUiri2. niguiy
oxidized and lying on the footwall, fol
lowed b 16 to ls f6et ot a Sood look-i
ing quart -porphyry The footwall is a !
!hard ias?er and the hangingv.all an j
; altered diorite. Samples from the,
j Q'rtz gave some slight values in gold, j
. . . .. .. ..
prophyry conuined only a little silver.
However, the oxidization was so ereat
flHUD
u.c.cri, cxic ou 6'Mmcnth, at the home of the Misses
mai u was aeciaea to sins; ana pros-!EditIi and Evelyn Kennedv. -in War
pect this ledge at greater depth, it I ren. On account of the quarantine, a
seeming almost certain that the vein 1 dance to mark the event wa irrpos
matter would become more enriched j sr0le. ln the earlv part of 1904 Mrs
where less leaching would occur. In- j V'ra. Tru.x. jr.. and Mrs. W. H. Flem
asmuch as the ledge has widened outjmmg. who is row living in Tropico.
on the 200 level, there were also j " -
greater possibilities of its growing
still larger lower down.
The 500 foot level has now been !
reached, with 30 feet below for a j
sump, and a station is being cut. This i
work should take from ten to twelve i
days, after which a crosscut will be '
run northeasterly to cut the ledge. It
is estimated that a distance of only a j
little over 100 feet will have to be 1
: traveled before intersecting this par-,
; ticular objective. However, as there i
vein, other lateral develcnment will be
j . ... . . nn
j 1BU-aiea ll ier on- .
I In the meantime, ore is being ex-
fracted from the dntt run from tne ,
- bottom ot tne 40 loot snart and win
ns sarppea 10 ine smener. iae vein
now shows a width of threa feet ad
contains good values. '
Grand Island is capitalized for 1,350.
0DO shares of the par value of f 1 each,
of which 1.422,710 shares are out
standing. At present the company has
ase rfflon-1!"!' to ove- $ .o.OOO.
These in charge of the affairs of the
company have announced th-it the
stock will soon be listed on the Pitts
burg Exchange.
JiDTnPRo?,oPnEfS
FORGED TO SUSPEND
As a result of the recent flooding
As a result of the recent flooding
-f the Gre?.t Western mine at Court -
i'nrd. wnen a flow cf water was en -
, The water flow is so strong, accord -
ling to recent arrivals here, that the
is rowing after the manner of an.
j artesian well.
! Recently the company has had ex-.
SOCIALNEWS
r .
:
,
m
fa .-:;r.--.j ' , T!;, -" - - . :- T-,:f, if
Mrs. William E. Corey in ctnter and two views of hrr costly coct.
What is considered the most valuable coat designed" is to be worn by
Mrs. William E. Corey, formerly Miss Mabel Oilman of New York citv.
The coat is made of sable which was imported from Russia snd thiusa.as
of pelts were examined before enough perfect ones could be found 8 't is a
full-length wrap with many tails on the bottom for trimming and a cape
cellar. The coat is American made and valued at S75.0W.
Anona C'ub Celcfcratea r
Fifteenth Anniverscry.
4 j,,, h
eajcvmeat to tbe vourE: DeCDfe is the
. ' .. i.
-li.J-iU. IIUU,
t i arnJversary th lsr of thi.
.1 .v. r" : V- '
SALVATION ARMY DOUGHNUT
QUEEN REVEALS RECIPE .
Girl
Baked lOQO'Dczeri
France Tells Home
Folks How
in
By "MARY DAMOXT
I guess I've mr.de more acuchnuts
i-mer woman save:
- " j inmn. iu ur iaree aezen
"aas "a hatch." Now I've seshi Yankee I
soldiers eat doughnuts during and aft
er a big battle and I know that "a
batch' is not one doughnut less than
five hundred!
The Salvation Army sent me to
Franc? as a ' Dcushnut Girl" soon aft-
er the United States got into the war. '
I was born and raised in Los Anples.
Calif., but when I got to France I dis
covered that all our own Yanks
thought I was French and they began
all their conversations "narlez-vous
Anglais?" tDo you speak English?) j
and ihen looked astonished when I
laughted and answered "Sure!" After;
they found out I was an honest-to-j
goodness American girl thev came tot
i our hat from all parts of the Amer-1
I ican training area "just to look at
nre" they said and I'm rot so much
' to look at either.
I knew what they
- wanted and just kent on makinr I
; very best. The quantities given will!
make a t&Uh. of 5i0 doughnuts. That
seems like a lot but it isn't when'vation doughnuts to Yanks during five
you're feeding boys. We never thought . to Argonne.
of making smaller quantities. How-!
ever, the ingredients can be reduced :
to make any number desired
The giri making doughnuts at home
' h?.s some advantages over the girl
making them at the front. For in-
stance, we usually had to make them
in a av.pnjt m srv.;e place under-
ground, using any old boards we could
get together to make a table, and our dor. 4 ter.spoonfuls of salt and 11 cups ar-a lne no:ea na snnaoie sizea cut
utensils wtre often a wash-boiler, en of sucar. Mix well and work in one lers- The doughnuts are ready r.ow
old ruty stove and a bottle for a cup of lard. Now. in ancther bowl for frying. Piace them in a wire bas
ro'.ling pin. - break 10 eggs and beat up with 2 ; ket- lower into the boiling lard until
I used the ten of a baking powder large cans cr condensed milk and an t tb brown. Repeat this operation
ran o cut out the doughnuts and the equal amount of water. 4 teaspoons ot until all are cooked..
OF
: UOI-i.AR COAT
S. SOCIETY w'O
AX
Ht
-jf r-. i ... -.- y v . n
- X7
Cal.. .interested about sixteen o
tne
oung women in planning a scries of
leap year dances to the young men
Who had in previous years entertained.
The popularity of these affairs sug
gested the organization of a perma
nent social club and the name was i
taken fron! a familiar song at that Y. W. C. A. Announces
time,. "Arizona Anona." For a short Annual Meeting.
time the club was federated with the j The annual meeting ot the Y. W.
Arizona State Federation of Women's ! c. A. membership, is to be held Tues
clubs. but withdrew as it preferred to j day. February 4. at S o'clock. An
return to its original status as a purely : election to fi'l the six vacancies on
r
SV WW, v"
.' NNvV
-v.
"St.-.?,
Mary Damont, Los Angeles girl,
top of a shaving-stick
can
to make
j tne no'e s-
Put a large pan on the stove one- i
third filled with melted lard and allow '
it to ccme to a boil. Put 24 large
cups ot flour into a bowl, mix with it
24 heaping teaspoons of baking pow
rrt--y t-Nfl'sft:
-'v4;f-i. - o , ""i r l?' ? if
WARREN
I social club. The membership is now
limited to 25. The members are as !
follows: .Misses Jennie warren, presi-
I dent; Edith Kennedy, vice-president;
j I.ucy Caret to. secretary and treasurer;
I F.llen Avery. Maud BrarUl. Florence
i racket?. Lcrrnin Cain. Tarcaret Car-
e;to. Floyd Chancy. Joserhin? Cloutr
Cr.i Core. Creel' j Kalbert. Jenna-
iveve John. Evelyn Kennedy. Elizabeth '
Stumper. I.aura Funkhavser and Mcs-I
; dances. O. I.usa. Albert Riddle. Fred
U own. Mr. Tonkin. Wm. Tmp.x. C.
j Roswt'.l. Ralph Yerfuth. F. C. Duaiap.
'and !!rs. Reynolds. Mr. Traax and
I Mrs. Reynolds are life members, rians
have been prepared for the armivors-j wi:i serve refreshments iu the cafe
!?rv dance on February 15. The next i teria. All members of the association
meetinc: will be held at the .home of
Mr. Albert Riddle cn Laundry Hiir,
February 10.
Women's Livague Meeting.
The Women's League of the Pres
byterian cluirch will hold its monthly
! meeting in the church parlors. ed-
neso;iy. February 3, t 2:30 o'clock.
The hostesses will be Mrs. Frank But
ler and Mrs. Tom ltutler.
Mrs. Erickson EntcTtairts.
Mrs. Jacob Erickson entertained
friends on Last Wednesday with a
very pett'ly appointed hmoheou. Her
guests were Mrs. Frank Anderson of
Tombstone cunyon. Mrs. John Saun
ders. r.. Mrs. J. W. Rices and Mrs.
L H V.'right
P L. Thorrss and Bride
Return to District
A wedding of interest last week, was
i that of Miss Louise Parrett. daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. A.' E. Barrett, and
Paris L Thomas, cf thi- city, at War
wick Villa. Louisviile. Ky on Jan
uary 23. Mr. Thomas is a drucgist
in the Central Pharmacy here. They
will be at home after February 1.
Pooular Couple Wed.
Lost Monday evening at S o'clock,
Parent-Teachers Plan
Interesting Program.
The regular monthly meeting of the
Lowell Parent Teachers association
is to be on Thursday. February 6. at
7 c'cleek at the Lowell Junior high.
jA special invitation is extended to
; f,.:. e "ie ir,u, derrul color effects of sky and moun-
q v FOsteat the hrJ? or tain, preparatory to executing a com-
jS. K. Williams. The ceremony was j f()p totJR Wooa.
(Performed by Judse A.lison. itcurne ef Colorado.
i i
the public. Refreshments will beiffIcl is verv pleaslr.Rly se?n in Mrs.
served. The following interesting pro
gram is announced:
; -Th at n Ta.rl.i--i'
i Prof. Philbrook
i Vocal Duet Miss Mae Lyons and j
Miss Edith Lewe.
Address Dr. R. H. II. Blome
Vocal Solo Miss Lorene Allen
v f'V- ...-.1W
; vi- s '
'-" ' J
'.
wao made and served thousands of Sal-
grvat American drives, from Cantigny
j vanilla extract and 4 teaspoons of
'cinnamon or nutmeg. Pour into the
' first bowl adding if necessary more
water, and work until you have a soft,
workable dough.
. Roll out thin portions ot the dough
- ' on your table, cut out the doughnuts
4 - 'v.i
DISTRICT
the beard of direi tors will be held by
ballot thut evening. Six candidates
nnmes. tne crotce or the nominating
committee have been posted on tile
association bulletin board for over a
week snd will remain until after the
elntion. other qualified candidates
can be nominated by the membership.
providing e.-.eh is accompanied by the
signatures of ton members. Reports
of tne year's wcrts in the different de-
partments will make up a short busi
ness session to be followed by an in
teresting program arranged by Miss
Sillie McCall. The social committee.
with Mrs. Richard Thomas, chairman.
are urged to be present.
Lieutenant Dickinson
Returns to Warren.
Lt. Philips Dickinson, returned from
Fortress Monroe, OKI Point Comfort.
Va.. last Friday night. wheiM he ha
been attending the officers' t mining
camp for the coast artillery Service.
He is the son or Mrs. Frank Wheeler
of Warren, and expects to be in th
district until next fall.
Christian Church Meetings.
The meetings or the Christian
church women are ti be held at the
Y. W. C. A. each Thursday at 2:30
o'clock.
Exhibit of Paintings
Attracts Attention.
Much interest is manifested in the
paintings of local scenes on exhibi
tion in the Dix Studio windows by
Grace Church Jones, a professional
landscape artist. Mrs. Jones has trav
eled extensively in this country, as
well as abroad and has been identi
fied with several artist colonies in the
United States, notably Woodstock.
X. Y.. and in the Ferkshire hills or
New England, as well as on the Pa
cific coast. Since comins here about
tree weeks ago, she has made manv
excuiisons to get studies of the won-
Mrs. Jones follows the sane, modern
school o fpainUng. a decided contrast
to the extremists, the cubists ar.a
futurists. It is conceded that to ob
tain the effect of grandeur tempered
by a rare softness in color, typical in
, the southwest, the theatrical must bi
i avoi.w o:lli ,hi. ... -....
Jones canvases.
Mrs. Wilson Entertains
for Mrs. Sealey.
Mrs. Pierce Wilson entertained last
Saturday in honor of Mrs. Harry Sea
ley, of Warren. The guests included
Mrs. llrittie. Mrsl D. HWsh Mrs.
Thorleif Olson. Mrs. Glendennhig. Mrs.
i. fiaytacr. Mrs. A. B. Bronnlee. Mrs.
J. Campbell and the Misses Margaret
ard Carlotta Sealey. Helen Hoesi-h
and Alice Wilson Mrs. Sealey will
leave soon for Phoenix.
i
Dramatic Pupils
Give Recital.
The pupils of Mrs. Maye Esther Eng
lish were presented in a dramatic
recital given iu the high school gym
nasium last Friday evening. In spite
of the inclement weather there was a
large audience. The young people
taking part were: Martha Cooper,
i Amy Fenner, Helen McDonald. Jean-
ette Newman, Emily McDonald. Nina
Faye Stevens. Seoul Mae Hines. Mary
Hennosey and Blanche Campbell.
Among those in the audience were:
Mesdames Teufert. Berry. II. N. Jones,
livers, Eugene Stevens. Cooper, L. R.
Allen. Stewart Piayfair, John Camp
bML Geo. Perry, Mrs. M. Newman,
illnes. Arthur Busse. Miss Bessie Bey
ors, Lenore Allan. Carpenter. Miss
v'ummings. Marie Webler. Sallie Me-
. , . I J V . . v k'UIIJ
j Lorai.ie Cain, and Miss Schmivi,
.esrs. G. Williams. Morgansiein.
j Yoiasco. De Bora, and J. Downs.
Uridgs Chains Ending.
The chain parties are about end
ing with the several given this past
week. Mrs. C. M. Lynn combined two
sets on Saturday, eutertaining with
two tables of bridge. The following
ladies played: Mesdaiues Shine, Bal
las. Mitchell. Johnson, McGralh. Arntt.
and Broughton.
Card Party Day Changed.
The d.y ot the card rarties at ta
Country club was changed froniSit
urxlay to Tuesday after an informal
meeting held at the club a week ago.
The hostesses on next Tuesday are
Mrs. T. O. McGrath and Mrs. J. u.
Tenncy. Several reservations for
tables have been made.
Alumni Announce
Social Evening.
At a called meeting or the high
school alumni by their president. Miss
Edith Kennedy .it was decided to is
sue invitations for a dance Saturday.
February S, at the high school audi
torium. Iuviutious will b out in the
forepart of the week.
Ladies' Aid Gives
Successful Dinner.
At their meeting Thursday after
noon p.t the home ot Mrs. Hicks the
Ladies Aid ot the M. E. church com
pleted arrangements for the dinner
given at the Y. W. C. A. cafeteria last
night. About eight guests in addi
tion to the members enjoyed a Tory
pleasaut social hour after the busi
ness meeting. Mrs. Ruth Cochran
and Miss Carpenter ot Uie retreeh-
(Continued frees fas le) TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919.
M1NES AND MINING
Lowell v
(Continued from Page One)
meats committee assisted Mrs. Hicks.
Mrs. G. W. Brinson and Mrs. G. L.
Taylor were two new members pres
ent. Those answering to the roll call
were: Mesdames Allan, Baldwin, Ber
ry. Charon, Cochrane, Chipperfield,
Covington, Deborah. Grace, Ikler,
Jones, Moore. Nelson, Perry. Rath.
White and Mias Carpenter. The next
meeting will be with Mrs: C. V. Allan,
February 13.
Mrs. Sieg Entertained.
Mrs. W. J. Sieg was the honoree at
several affairs last week by Mrs.
Chipperfield Mrs. Nitsb Mra. Clark
and Mrs. Ben Snyder.
Anona Club Meets
The Misses Kennedy were hostesses
to the Anona club on last Monday ev
ening. If the quarantine ban i re
moved a dance for Valentine night is
planned. Those enjoying the evening
were: Misses Maud Brazil. Florence
Studley, Opal Core, Floy Chancy, Mar
garet Caret to, Josephine Clouthier,
Florence Buckett and Mrs. Fred Cow
an, Ted Dunlap. Ralph Verfuth. Al
bert Riddle and Will Tonkin, Miss
Anna Wallace and Miss Betty Butler
were the two new members elected.
Women's Club Hears Survey Nurse.
The members of the Women's club
held their fortnightly meeting Friday
afternoon, after a current event re
view, Mrs. James J. Lane, the state
survey nurse for the Arizona Anti
Turberculoais association spoke on
public health and personal hygiene
problems. Mrs. Howard Barkel and
Airs. D. H. Landc-s presided as
hostesses at tea.
Guild Plana Sale.
The SL John's Guild was delight
fully entertained at the home of Mrs.
Brittle. The date of the hand sewn
articles, home cooked food and cloth
ing sale was set for April 8. A very
large attendance was reported. The
next meet-iug is at the home of Mrs.
Edmindson of Warren on February 5.
Holds Chain Party.
Mrs. C. W. Saelid entertained with
a chain party a week ago. The fol
lowing guests enjoyed the afternoon:
i :-
T fcj
.Miss Lillian lT.mc.
Miss Lillian Birney, one of Wash
ington's most prominent society
women, is to marry Capt- E. R.
Finkenstaedt of Cleveland, O. Miss
Limey has been one of the capital's
leading war workers since the fieht
began, having done confidential work
for the state department and de
voted the rest of her time to the
Red Crosfc.
Mrs. Roy Taylor. Mrs. Bob Phillips,
Mrs. Wetencamp. Mrs. Alexander Mar
ry, Mrs. A. T. Sowles and Mrs. O. W.
Brandon.
PARADISE DISTRICT
DEVELOPS RICH ORE
LEASERS SHIP FROM
COMMONWEALTH MINE
PIMA COUNTY MINING
CURTAILED TO AWAIT
COPPER ADJUSTMENTS
Mining iu Pima county at the
present time is showing the effects
cf a loss of confidence in the situa
tion, as several properties iiave closed'
down recently and others are to close
in the immediate future, while a re
duction in forces to the level neces
sary for development of ore resources
is evident in others.
The Queen Glance mine at Twin
Buttes, which has been a large pro
ducer during the last two years, closed
dowr. Saturday, February 1, about
250 men being thrown out of em
ployment. The Mineral Hill Consolidated Cop
per company at San Xavier, near
Tucson, is continuing development of
its ore body on the 500 level where
a bedy of sulphide of good grade re
cently was opened. At present a
double compartment winze is being
sunk from this level to explore the
body at depth.
W. R. Rarcs-iall, at Rosemont, who
generally employs about ISO men, re
cently reduced his force to 35. His
shipments, whkh formerly ran around
1500 tons monthly of ore averaging
arcund 2 per cent, now have been cut
to about 400 tons. The ore now be
ing shipped is of higher grade than
formerly, however. His shipments gc
to the Phelns Dodge smelter at Doug
las. The Reiniger Freeman property at
San Xavier still ia working about 25
men. Most of the development work
is en the 300-foot level, where about
2000 feet in drifts and crosscuts has
been completed.
The Trench mine at Harshaw, John
Hey manager, now is drifting on the
700-foot level with the expectation of
cutting the ledge opened on higher
ievels within two weeks. Some very
high grade, ore has been shipped from
the 600-foot level of this property.
The Hosie mine in the Santa Rita
mountains, formerly a large producer
v.hcse ores averaged around 10 per
cent copper and 15 ounces silver, now
is being v.orkei on a small scale by
lessors.
The old surface workings of the
. While tbere is not a great deal of
in lit ft- t .Mlvitv i - v a rAi:rAVM:n : . .
....... .1 1 .1 lilC V, 1 IA U 1 lilt! ll I U" . , . , ,
ing district surrounding Paradise, the Ccmmcnwealth Development company
properties now working, are meeting ' t pearce, now are being exploited by
v. ia good success. i leasers, under direction of A. Y.
At t're King Copper property, cp-! Smith, manager of the companv. ac-
rTaVsd a??? E," WelC5' driftinS cording to news received here during
cu the 300 foot level is underwav on i
the main ledge. A good grade of , the 'eek. Approximately 750 tons of
copper ere has been opened up for highly silicious ore is being shipped
about 80 feet. Exploration of this ore I to Douglas each month, being used bv
body w.ll hold the attention of the j the gmeUer there j
'PPJnrCVrtPrfrent- f as converter linings.
The Hill Top Extention property Tfce Middlemarch companv
has tunneled .o0 feet in on the ledge , shaft and
and at the present time a carload of , -,. . , , .
:ead-5i!ver ore, running 60 per cent I lt," h the lwer levels
lead and 50 ounces sliver ifin tte i he.re ore occurs on
bins ready for shipment. The heavy Z "V V ? Shfaft
oi of the early part of January f?r development of ore and to
inched In impregnating the ore with . water supply for the mill,
moisture and freezing it in the bins.!?; Iaf wh,cbr.has befn fe,t nly
zo that shipment to the smelter at ' Heretofore. Fine results m recovery
in,Mi.,v,iQ i,!of values in the ore have been at-
Blumberg is manager of this property, i c J n ttc compaay'a flotation mill.
vrtii'-n i nwnpn rnu-riT iit ijniiias-
people. I
.The Hill Top Metal Mines company i
h5 cut the ledge in its second tunnel i
. march.
TUNNEL FOR WATER
on the Rodeo side of the mountains.
i FAIRBANKS.
at a distance of about 2000 Teet from ' ' la ? Y- -
the mouth of the tunnel. The indi- JT 8 thC Tana
ratiens are very encouraging to the c ere(l a severe loss
belief that a monstrous body of ore !aasvV e portage of water.
wH, be proven by development. At Jf,.061; a v . overcome
present time the middle tunnel is t8Kff futD? trubie- The pro
makin;: water at the rate of about lit w , J UDUel
:00 gallons per minute. The lower , ,"!e tlU'at tbebead of I-n-
tviinel now i3 in about 1350 feet and "a.? tt r 11
must be driven approximately 300O
the other side of the divide. The tun-
feet .nrcre striking the ore. accord- j fc"
rg to present calculations, as the ore
hodr dips away from the tunnel
mcutn.
BURNS CHILDREN'S HANDS
I
he
IB- Renow Lea&etl Wire)
CHICAGO. Feb. 1. Because
held the hands of his three children
on a hot cook stove until they were
severely burned. Joseph Bessinger, a
RUMORED MINE DEAL
Tfl CnflM vAIITA PDIIT laborer, was fined f200 by Judge Rich
IU DUUlll uAlllA UllLIL ardson in the municipal court today.
j The man took this means of punishing
j his young children because they had
A deal whereby A. R, Grucd and I fire l a curtain while playing
FOREIGN GOLD TRADE
FALLS OFF IN YEAR
Heavy December shipments brought
the total exports for 191S to $6,150,
000.000. a decrease of only $S3.000,000
from the 1917 total, according to ar
announcement by the Bureau of For
eign and Domestic commerce, depart
ment of commerce. Imports for the
year totaled ?3,031.000.00f. or not quite
half the exports. Imports for the pre
vious year were valued at $2,
932.000.000. Exports for December, the first ful"
month after the signing cf the arm
istice, reached a total of $566,000,000
a decided increase over the $522.
000.000 recorded for November, al
though not up to the high mark oi
JCO0.O00.000 fcr ecember. 1917.
Iirpons for December, however,
were low. being $211,000,000. against
$251,000,000 for November and $22S.
000.000 fcr December nf th nrovinnc
,
I v ear-
Imports as well as exports of golc"
continued to decrease, the ' import
amounting to $62,000,000 in the calen
dar year 191S against $552,000,000 in
1917 and the exports to $41,000,000
and $372,000,000 in the same year.
Imports of silver increased from
$53,000,000 iu the calendar vear 1917
to $71,000,000 in 191S. The exports of
silver during ecember. 191S. aounted
to $4S.000,0o0. a larger amount" than
in any month during the past three
years. For the calendar year, exports
cf silver amounted to $253,000,000 In
191S against $4S,000,000 in 1917.
with matches.
associates of St. Louis, will take over j
the famous Baca, Float property in'
Santa Cruz county and operate it. is i . .
understood to be on the point of ccn- rj! YfTl Rl7li!",1
summation. 1 he proposition is under- f miuttiuj
sod to be to lease the ore and to
erect a rusU.ms mill ii handle tbei
output of this mine and others ad-;
jacent to it. j
Rumors of the pending deal, which j
is said to involve a large figure, have j
been received here recently and have j
aroused c onsiderable interest. The ;
erection of a mill would have the ef- j
feet of ftimulating mine production I
in that section of Santa Cruz county !
to a tczrked extcrt. as soon "as condi-,
Hons would permit the output to be
marketed.
Th2 Greet Crisis?
If So, Do Not Allow tie Tim to Pas
With Nature Unaided.
ITTLE PIGS MAKE !
BIG PROFITS!
TV ic n fct- of T 7tt will
Utm M paat lTT "' tr.mm T
mr iMTftwrt mh- start TOU
Kkwl n-t rr. "t . .
m la n "th mm- now
laaf-v tmrm ewDitiooa. im Clilor
It U tmnr7 tr mrniet '
K rMa M' tnrtnn mmrtmMrm.
THE ASSOaATEI SWINE BREXDEKS
Slt FW rWma IUi.
1 S44 Mrk St.
1 Su Fiikhh. CaL
VII.
RCV1EYV WANT ACS
SUING KLSULTS
I"-- AfW
ffomm who fre nature a beTplnr ban1
dcrinp the period of expectancy find that
when the t'rue arriTes for baby's cominr it
ia approached and passed with Infinitely leas
pain and danprr.
Thousands cf wrmen for over half a, cen
tiry hara leemed that In the time-honored
preoaration. Mother- Friend, they hare a.
rratefiil. rHaxinx. penetratine- remedy, ths
use of T-liich makes it possible for tbem tr
ro thrtnifb childbirth without the usaal
naoea. Derrousnesa. bcarina-nlown and
stretching pnics. and that tbrourh its use
the hoars at tJje crisis are fewer and of
&uch less pain and dancer.
Mother's rrierd penetrates the muscles,
rendcrinir tnem pliant and easilv governed
try the derrands of natnre. They relar
rentfy and brinr happy days and ca!m, rest
ful nif Ms. As the ren!t the crisis is paswd
with nraler eae and in less time, the
brevts are kept in rood rnnd tion and thn
skin is made and kept soft and free front
blTi-he.
Write to th Bradfleld Reamlatnr Cnmpany.
Dept. P. Lamar Buiidinr. Atlanta, Oeonria.
for their Motherhood Hook, and obtain a
of (tr'i frier) frrr vour ririig
gil trda7 and tHwj'jshiy fortify yourself
for tue cxminr evcoU
DIRECTED LAYING
- OF .MINES FOR U. S.
Treat Water From EASTERNER'S DREAMS
OF GOLD HUNTS END
WITH ROCKY RANGES
Junction to Make
Boiler Life Long
The starting of a Reisert water
treating plant, for the softening of
water obtained from the Junction
mine of the C. & A. company, was
the chief feature of interest with
the Phelps Dodge corporation.
Copper Queen branch, during the
week.
The water, when .treated, w-ill
be sufficiently softened for use in
t'ae steam shovels on Sacramento
hill and the locomotives used in
that operation.
The water is treated with bar
ium carbonate and lime, which
precipitates the soluble sulphates
which are the scale forming con
stituents of the water in its nat
ural state.
PLANS Tfl PLACER
ASH CAM GOLD
In an effort to develop a sufficient
aead of water for sluicing operations,
.nicr which method of treatment it is
believed considerable goli could be
recovered in Ash canyon of the Hua
,'hu.ca mountains, a company of Eis
Dee men has a small force at work
Jriiting a tunnel on its property. The
company is composed of A. R. Berg-
quist, Dan Leedy and Charles Mor
gan. Three men at present are em
ployed on the property. .
Ash canyon, while it has been
known for years as a place where nug
gets of varying size could be picked
jp u:i me !iui ute, uuu ias aiiurui?u
day wages' to not a few men, has
jtfered a problem hitherto found un
iolvable where operations, on a pre
entious scale were intedeu. The bed
f the canyon carries a trickle ol
.vater which prevents the use of dry
washers, while there is sn insuffi
cient amount of water for sluicing.
No report has reached here as yet
is to the success of the venture.
which was started only a few weeks
.go. Should success attend this ef
.on. the way will be opened for
.rcfitabla p'.acering of ground held by
i number of other Bisbee men who,
therefore, are watching the Bergquist-
ieedy-Morgan venture with interest.
111!
I
i 'Pitt
A
PLAN DEVELOPMENT OF
ARIZONA GOAL FIELDS
rPwESCOTT, Ariz., Feb. 1. W. H.
Clark of Los Angeles it became known
recently, is heed of a group of capi
talists that is behind a power project
n Arizona that contemplaes spending
lunJreds of thousands of dollars to
urnish "jui?e" to many cities and
adustries of the Hassayampa state.
The new Navajo road to Cooley. in
he heart cf the Blck Mesa forest. 72
niles southwest of Holbrcok, passing
ery ne-.ir a big lignite coal field, in
haractcr very" similar to that at Cal
up. N. M. A number of sections ol
he co;:l measures were located, ruaiu
7 by Presoott residents, befoi-e the
.epartraect of the i:uericr hurriedly
Sthdrew the rest vf the field from
ocation. For years those Prescott
ccatious have beu maintained, in
he hope of railroad communications
:t some time. The new lumber road
ow offers th opportunity.
It i row proposed to build a short
;pur to ti e coal fielus. .-or tue Kiarkst--ng
of the best of the toal, but the
21ark plans are tar more extensive
han this. They contemplate the es
ablishr.ior.t on the fields cf a large
plant, where the " mine run"' of coal
vill bp burned fcr the generation of
steam.' this in turn to be transformed
into electric, power, which it is pro
posed to te wired t.- Globe and Miami.
75 miles to the southward, to points
cn the Santa Fe and even to the min
ing districts around Prescott. It is
estimated that the power will be se
cured at the cheapest cost ever known
in the southwest from anything save
h;. .Iro-electric plants and that it can
be sold at a profit when wired to
prints several hundred miles distant.
There is local hope also of the de
velopment of oil. in a field a few
miles distant from Holbrook. The
Kepi company has resumed drilling
after an iilrucss of a month, mainly
due to snow; the Adamar.a company
is installing now casings and the Hoi
brook company h.:s purchased a drill
ing riz from the almost abandoned
Del lii fio'd. r.c rih of Prescott.
IkW . 4 mr
I Admiral Jcseph Straass.
Admiral Joseph Strauss was in
i command of the American mine
operations in the North sea, a part
of the successful wa?inr of the war
which the navy will soon make pub
lic. Censorship has of necessity kept
the American public ignorant of
some of the most interestine phases
of the war, and the activities of the
mine layir.p squadron form a splen
did chapter by themselves.
TEST MOLYBDENUM
! F.I!U?ANKS. Alaska. Dec. 12 Py
Mail). Poiybdcnuru ore fiom the Dry
; Delta country is to Im brought to
.Fairbanks f,:r a test run by the bu
reau of mines to ascertain the values
conrain-vl in te fiuartz. Several large
bedics cf miiierrJ-hvaring rocks are
sai.i ic ' Is; ii; the Delta section, and
if the t- t nu proves favorable, con
f:dc:able dcxelcpnietu work during
, ? i :-i::.ir .-srv antic'i ated. '
INSPECT TIN DEPOSITS j
1 il S", xr- -:' !y mail)
ii- ' ;!, if Uie toward oPni;i-i
; ! iciil n r.f AlasV.t. to be:
, ''"''; largest on this continent.
a:.- :ns'f.-, by John A. Davis.
spvial it pie-i ;Ua;ip of tho I'nitod
?h'r Purj-JM if Minti at the Fair-
banks station.
DENVER. Colo.. Feb. 1. Fanciful ;
dreams of the easterner who comes to :
the mountain states expecting to find !
the picturesque figure of the gold pros- j
pector searching the hills in a never (
ending chase of the precious metal i
are greeted with a rapid disillusion- J
ment. The roughly clad individual, i
with pack mules, pick and shovel exist I
now largely in the movies, though oc- i
casionally one comes across a sur-.
vivor of the old day to whom the ;
appeal of hidden treasure remains ir-1
resistable.
With the exception of the years of
1915 and 1916, when discovery of tung-.
sten brought a horde of wealth seek-1
ers to Colorado hills, the search for
gold in this and neighboring states j
has steadily diminished since the !
height of the gold rush some 25 years !
ago. At the time, old mining men say, j
the mountains were full of prospectors
searching for new- veins and placer j
miners panning ip. the streams for
gold deposits. The new generation
hasn't followed in the footsteps oi
the old one and one of the pictures
que features of western life is be
coming extinct.
The explanation is simple. Pros
pecting doesn't pay. This is the state j
ment from mining men familiar with i
the situation. The big majoirty of old !
prospectors spent their lives in the j
hills without winning the fortunes I
they sought. They managed to eke j
out a bare existence, occasions lly
making a strike which would tide
them over a winter in Denver and
give them the start for the next year's
chase. But they lived and died poor !
men, most of them finding a resting'
place in the hills which they made
their homes. Discovery of their bod
ies in their cabins or caves built in
the side of the mountains told the
tale.
If a good vein is located, the cost
of developing is prohibitive. Expens
ive machinery must bei installed. The
prospertor must interest capital in
his find and uncertainty as to whether j
the vein will fulfill expectations tends
to discourage the treasure seeker.
Officials of the state mining com
mission are of the opinion that the
really big gold strikes already fcave
been made and they attribute the dis
appearance of the prospector of the al
most certain knowledge that his guest
w-ill be unsuccessful.
All over the mountainous region of
Colorado, small abandoned tunnels,
bored into the solid rock bears evi
dence of the shattered hopes of some !
prospector. Abandoned sluices and
smelters speak of the days that are
no 'longer, and of streams whose de
posits of the precious metal have been
panned out. In certain regions, not
ably in the vicinity of Cripple Creek,
the ore is mined in paying quantities,
but it is by means of costly machinery
that the gold is separated from the
crushed ore. Moneyed interests have
taken the place of the individuals who
found fortunes here while the coun
try was yet being developed.
-Occasionally, in the winter, one
finds in the cheap lodging houses some l
grizzled veteran of the hills whose j
spirit still is alive with the hope of
success in the following summer and
he sets out in the spring as trustingly
as he has started out into the hills
every spring for a score of years. But
these are .becoming fewer every year
and the old life of the mountain coun
try lives only in the movies and mem
ories of the early days.
PAY CASH-
PAY
fa
aS-ttSM
ESS
WE ARE DISPLAYING A LIMITED AMOUNT,
CONSISTING OF PERCOLATORS, DOUBLE
BOILERS, ROASTERS, KNIVES AND FORKS,
FUDDING PANS, KETTLES, SAUCE PANS, ETC
AT A VERY REASONABLE FIGURE
j.
ANGIUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
WHERE YOU CAN DO BETTER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration License No, G-16109
H?.ve you made it j et? It's important to your
family and to you.
Consult with us today before you forget it,
or it is too late.
- Remember, we can be of real service to you in
the making of ycur.yill.
IPS Gi SicfeO
Copper Qaeen "Hotel asd High-aass cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine. Weber & Co- Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
Review Want Ads Bring Results
nSaVBctaoi
M'JKP."
Gas .Fired Water
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
eater
H
Provides abundant supply oi
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
. .fee '1
w !
I
h' :-; !
a ' ' , r
i;: Ii !
r' ' i
"Wri ! g
I
5wC
mprovement
9
to. I
4
I
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919.
THREE
i
t
i
- 1
i
-A
. 4.
-i
'?
?
-.1
rectiy on tne line 01 tne souiuern
Pacific railroad.
In the past CO davs over 25 families
have located at Cotton City and a num
I ber of new homes h.tve been erected
! and are being erected.
In the past week. CO.000 feet of lum-
her was shimed to Cotton Citv. be-
j sides other materials to be used for i
i bunding purposes.
rvMYcrnv hi ck itiano frl Casa Grande valley, is today the
W.C.T1K0U1I
nil DH?!
raws? WORK &
KG WELL:
THESE MEN "GUIDED AMERICASAVAlT FORCES IN WORLD WAR
OUTLINI
j Work on the Cochise county high-
the drive by the National Woman's
Christian Temperance Union to raise
51,000,000 and to enlist a million new
members in America and Alaska were
announced today by Mrs. Frederick B.
Perkins of Michigan, at the national
headquarters of the organization here.
The drive will open March 20 and
continue until March 21, the mcrter
to be paid by Mar-h 20, 132 - The
campaign wf'l mark the opening cf- a
five year Jubilee program, at the con
clusion of which will be a big celebra
tion in honor of the fiftieth year of the
organization's existence.
The country bus hern divided into
ten districts, each o' which will have
a national field representative. Each
state will have a financial director
"With assistants in each city and town.
"The budget wiil provide money for
work a!wr.; s emphasized by the or
number cf ranchers are preparing the
way between here and Douglas, which
ly awaits settled weather to start on I
! a larse scale employing several hun-
soil for the early planting of canta
loupes, contracts having been made j dred men now is oUtlining itself in
wun a numoer oi caiiunuupe uisiriuu- readiness fcr the beginning of actual
tors ior me marketing oi ice crop ami pavin; Tne heavy rains which have
well as giving the 'growers in the val-;fallen have been Doneficial to tne
ley expert advice in tne raising oi tne
crops.
From all indications, the cantaloupe
crop in
erade which needed moisture to pack
it firmly.
CZ(rrtrf T T Hcwnlfl i-lir Vi 'I c io gtn.
. i . 11 ; .. I - ' - - -
year will be a banner cn... Several ,ion. extending from Douglas to Forrest !
corpo.aticns including the Cotton , tali Yd here Wednesday for a
City Land & Building company have j ccnfereuoe with the'bisrilway COmmis-i
installed large pumping plants and the , gioa , nQw d in,
irrigation system assures the growers , fc equipment near the C. & A. j
.-, v TV t cnil in trio V!) iIpv nric ' 1 !
been declared to be as perfect if not
better than anywhere in the great
southwest and the rapid settling in
the valley with successful results
bears thi3 fact cut.
nization end es; ec-ially needed now in
the reconstruction and stabilizing pe
riod." said Mrs. Perkins, who is exe
cutive secretary of the Jnbi'ee com
mittee and director of publicity.
The fund will be apnertioned as fol
lows: child welfare. S1S0.000; health
and mora'ify. $100,0'"0; Americaniza
tion, $200,000; women in industry, $?0,
000; education and information, $50,
000; world prohibition. $301.000; head
quarters Evanstcn and Washington,
$50,000; equipment and repairs. $20,
000; field service, $30,000, administra
tion, $70,000.
Miss Anna Gordon. Illinois, national
president, is chairman of the JubHee
committee. Mrs. Ella Boole. Xew
York, is vice-chairman, Mrs. Frances
Parks. Illinois, director of member
ship., and Mrs. Marearet Munns. Illi
nois, director of the Jubilee fund.
Other committee m?mlers are Mrs.
Elizabeth P. Anderson, North Dakota.
Mrs. Sarah H. Hoge. Virginia, and
Mrs. Deborah Knox Livingston, Rhode
Island.
New York and Pennsylvania will
have the largest quota, with $15.000
each, and Ohio will be third with $126.-
000. The quotas of other states fol
low:
Alabama. $3,700; Alaska. $500; Ari
zona. ?S00; Arkansas. $3100; Cali
fornia, northern, $15,300; California,
southern, $10,100; Colorado. $11,700;
Connecticut. $12.20; Delaware, $5,
100; District of Columbia. $3300: Flo
rida. $10,600; Georgia, $12,S00; Idaho,
northern, $1K0; Idaho, southern. $2,
500; Illinois $40,000; Indiana. $37,100;
Iowa. $32,500: Kansas. $30,300; Ken
tucky, $11,600; Louisiana, $1600;
Maine, $14,400; Maryland. $15,000;
Massachusetts. $37,300: Michigan. $52.
500; Minnesota, $2?,400; Mississippi.
J2S00; Missouri, $34,600; Montana.
$S500; Nebraska $18,500: Nevada.
$300; New Hampshire. $9200; New
Jersey, $37,500; New Mexico. $1200;
The Churches
his rock crushers at the Paul quarry
Notices to appear in this column
hereafter must be in The Review
office not later than Friday eve- v
ning of each week. Notices re- i
ceived after that time cannot be 5
used. i !
. PRESBYTERIAN.
Sunday school, 9:45 a. m.; morning
worship, 11 a. in., sermon topic, " Good
Men Outside the Church;" evening
near Forrest. He expects to start !
bridge and culvert work in a few days j
and prabably will be at work on the j
paving within d month. This section j
of the grade already has been com- (
pleted.
i On section two. between Forrest
j ranch and Forrest station, Contractor
i George Atkins is about three-quar
ters done with the grading. The con
tract for paving in this section has
not been let as yet.
The first section, for which Eaton
& Smith of San Francisco hold the
contract, including grading, culverts,
bridges and paving, includes about
four miles between Forrest ranch and
Lowell. The company forces, now are
working on bridges and culverts and
the grade and will be ready tp pave in
about a month.
,; .... - -
i ' .. . n ' ' ' ' . " w., . - -
. - i
(I
V
V
2A
u
-
Josephus Daniels, secretary of the navy, and admirals and captains of U. S. North Atlantic fleet.
worship, 7:30 p. m.. sermon
"Responsibility for Character."
Kriccbttnn, pastor.
topic,
Allan
The photo reproduced above was
made just after the return to
American waters of the U. S. navy
Beets. The picture shows: Jose
phus Daniels, secretary of the
navy, seated in the foreground.
and the admirals and captains of
the North Atlantic fleet. Seated
are, left to right: Admirals Henry
T. Mayo and xiugh L. Rodman,
Maj. Gen. Georpe Barnett, com
mandant U. S. marine corps; Capt
, "William V. Pratt, and Admiral
Robert E. Coontz. SUndinp, left
to right: Admirals William C
Braisted and Victor Blue, Captains
H. H. Christy, Fred B. Bassett,
Charles B. McVey, Louis M. Kul-
ton, J. IL Dayton, Admiral Samuel
IdcGowan, Capt. Kobert Stocker,
Admiral Ralph Earle, Admiral C
W. Parks, Col. E. S. Theoll. Conv
mander P. W. Foote and Conunan
der Frank B. Freer.
RELEASED BY GERMANS
i'.v Rvit w I.-.-ased Wirel
WASrHlNGT'JN. Feb. 1. The war
department announced tonight that Lt.
Julian C. Stanley, No. 2734 Silver
street. El Paso. Texas, and the follow
ing enlisted men of the army have re
turned to France after being released
from German prison camps:
Oscar L. Forslund. Dillon. Colo.;
Richard Kosey. Abilene. Texas.
FREMJERS TO GO HOWE.
iHv Revirw lase W'rv)
PARIS. Thursday. Jan. 2X When
President Wil.-on returns to tlie
United States in mid-February, Pre
mier Lloyd George of Great Pritain
and Premier Orlardo of Italy prob
ably v. ill go to their respective capi
tals where the duties of thoir offices
will require tech presence.
PRESSMAN LABOR ADVISER.
T-,v IWw l.:---! Vi:-.-
CHATTANOOGA, Tir.n.. F 1
Maj. Gor.-e 1. li.-r:, pros of the
Iuter:iation:vl P;i:i:l;.t Pvf s v.i n and
Assistants' union, lias tct-i appointed
a labor adviser cf ihe Aiai !U;.a dvio
gatioti at the peace cufe.foe.
SURPRISE VISITORS
MEET EN ROUTE TO
E.EAGH OTHERS' HOMES
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Informal Christian Science services
are held in Warren every Sunday
the - public hall opposite C. &
offices. All are most welcome. Sorv-i
ice3 today w,ill be held at 7 -p. m., j After three ears- away from each
subject, "Love." I oLher. Mrs. S. A. McCee, formerly
manager of the Y. Y. C. A. cafeteria,
" Christian Science 'society of Eisbee i decided that she w ould go to Okla
holds services in Odd Fellows' hall Lc:ua to visi: her mother. Mrs. C. A.
every Sunday morning at 11 o'clock, j Bailey or Milt urn. and sister, Mrs. H.
Sunday school at 10 o'clock. Wednes-! F. Hern beck, of Willis. She left here
dav evening testimony at S o'clock. :
The public is welcome and invited to
attend. Subject for Sunday, February
2, "Love."
2
CHRISTIAN.
Bible school. 9:45 a. m.; come and
briDg the children; morning service,
11 a. m., "Experimental Religion" will
be the subject for morning sermon;
evening service. 7:30 p. m., "The
Love of God for Man" will be the
evetiiiig subject; the Bisbee Popular
bible class meets Wednesday night at
70 p. m. s.nd the topic for the eve-
last Monday mc ruing.
Possibly by menial telepathy, Mrs.
Eailey and Mrs. Hornbeck decided at
the same time they would come to
Hisbee to see Mrs. McGee.
The train on which Mrs. McGee
was to go to Oklahoma left the El
Paso anion station at 4 o'clock. The
train on whioh, Mrs. Bailey and Mrs.
Hornbeck were to come to Bisbee left
at the same moment. Mrs. McGee
was about to go to the ticket window
to purchase her ticket and Pullman
reservation when she, her mother-.and
sister. cau.Lkt sight of one another.
A rapid greeting and .interchange of
North Carolina. ?200: North. Dakota
$9500; Oklahoma. $5700; Oregon. $7,- r Sct-ool hill opposite the Central school
300; Rhode Is!ard. SW0; South Cir 2n we extend an invitation to all of
lina. $300; South Dakota. $4'0: Ten- these services. Will H. Matthes. pas
nesee, $13,200; Texas. $S700; Uta'i. tor-
$000; Vermont, $4Cf'0; Virginia. $23.- ;
500; Washington, east. $30-0: Wash- ROOSEVELT AIDS POLICE.'
ington, west, $SS00; West Virginia.
Sr.OO: Wisconsin. $20,100: and Wvom- ' Keview Leaseu vwre)
ine. $3100. .
nings study win De, .slaking tne i
Start." plcns followed, whereupon it was de-
The Christian church is located on i c-ided to come hack to Bisbee. This
was cone, the trio arriving here Tues
day. Mrs. Hornbeck formerly resided
hiie. i.avir. left three yt-ars ago for
rEW YORK. Feb. 1. Capt. Ar.hi-
COTTON CITY GROWS
Theodore Roosevelt, aided a police
man today in capturing an alleged
, robber after a street chase in which
iir i tii ninin PTmnro the Fatrolmaa snot ani wounded
WITH RAPID oTRIDEo p Mare!'-the man
UNCELiVERED MESSAGES.
Lik elivered telegrams at the West-!
em L'uion for the following: C. S.
.":oue. Charlia Harbey, Ernest Patton,
i:rs. S. Lane. Mabel Sattun:s H. Baw
uen, Nannie Galler, John R. M. Neall.
CATTLEMAN HERE.
I Jim Kinney, a cattleman of Gov
i ernment draw, was in the city yes
! terdav
CZECHS DEFEAT POLES
Right in the heart of the noted Casa j AMSTERDAM. Feb. 1. Austrian; from PASS CITY.- '
Grande valley of Arizona, a new com- Last bilesia has been entirely occu-1 Miss Grace Johnson of the Phelps
munity is rapiaiy being bunt- - i p
lne new town wnicn is known as wiui me t-oies. accoramg .to tne i-; Miss Katherine Kinsella. of the I .n well
. j . .uiaa uiatc cruiiuu Ul i LiKr xueips
?:ed by Czechs, after heavy fighting , Dodge company store in Lowell and
ritii the Poles, according .to the A'i-; Miss Katherine Kinsella. of the 1-nweli
Cotton City, is located practically mid- 1 enna dispatch of the Cologne Yolks postoffice have returned from a two
cson. di- ZeiOicg. - weeks' vacation spent ia EI Paso.
way between Phoenix and Tucson.
PRESIDENTS WIFE IS ENTERTAINED BY ENGLISH SOCIETY WOMEN
fc--r-T- """" ' -: - , - . ; ... i ' ;
. . - .. - -; . . y .--. j i : . v '. - -
- ;.;".. A- -"" V- r ''i-rl::.m
i-.' ?'.r- v-: .-"' &-Mj'i A:.
I . , . - . . v. tJ . .-c; -.-rx
e--AA;---vA Ju;t-i: k :C A 'CVrxd
I " ' - . - ''l v--'- J'1; ' ? -' C--.--;j- -r--- -- V .-:
1 : r. -- .:t . v :-v j; .-A rVKl '-"'--AA :
'-A-K.Av-Ui j 1- A;A-1
J- -.'-A ', ..a 1: V-utv r .v--- .- I j
Y J, -. -kZVAiv.m - - - : Al..A.
Left to right. Viscountess Harcourt. Mrs. Curtis Brown, Mrs. Wood row Wilson and Mrs, Butter Wright
" This is one of the first photo- j women in London. The Vis
graphs to arrive in this cof"ry i courtess Harccurt. who is standing
showing Mrs. Woodrow Y7i'?on at the extreme left, was formerly
inth some of the English ociet I Miss Mary Lthel Burns of New
York. Mrs. Wilson is wearing one
of her "American made" frocks,
which is a beautiful piece model
with fur edtjed panel.
T
i mm?ymmyy y y'mmmmm : MM
.-: - ..-.,'; . - v .-1 .-, i ;.-.-; v A Vf A- j . s-ry-t? y y : ': . --
t A:-A: wA.--.-
?AA"A-:Hm
aa-:M ;
A;r"';fi;AA VA:AAvA.j;A
SrAAA.,: 'r
'P A I A H i M W'-
lliAV'N, jrz SO?.N AMID THZCLOUDS in the rsdlrr.t cc!r-; cf the ni-bow.,1 rcreived my j!
! AA:A '; kA E"-r"':ir"" in -! s Ar.rouncemer.t prcclar.lrg i.'.t the Earth would n:ve'r
y. y a ss-i- ti dc;t.-ceri by c flood, and I an st:!l ccsn toc'.iv thrsu-.-h tha mlsi after r - :
i
r flood
the cc.-cr.
In the confusion cf events that have followed threucS the aces, I became l?st in
the VVi'dsrness of Tirre. urtt? ere day I discovered the Island of Ocpcrtur.ity and was
welcomed trcraon by Enterprise, who rcccgoJsed me and imr-sed ately christened me
Advertising."
My early catechism was tzught on the knes cf Enterprise, who inisted that I make
good in the world before I shculd receive proper recognition and associate with the
many kindred elements, and so I struggled on, until I met Success who introduced me -to
Susiness, and we thretf formed a partnership and made "Progressiveness our guide.
My merit and vorth. readily produced in many channels, and soon I became sought
far and wide, until today I am the absolute and nec;ssary function of the successful ana
properly conducted business institution, and. thoroughly modernized, I lead the way for
htcse who seek my counsel.
Hence, I must admit that I rezliy was crssted in the very early days cf the earth's
existence, but many centuries after receiving my proper education, I stand as the light
in the wiscom of commercial and business research and with out me the linotype and the
press would cease to vibrate, for I distribute the brawn to accomplish their purposes.
Nations heed my pleadings, countless multitudes listen to my daily story, for I
breathe Life into the publishing powers of the great machinery that aids to keep alive
my outer being The Newspaper.
I hearld no message of adversity, but proclaim only the tidings of plenty and abund
ance, aiding in the fortunes of those whose confidence I enjoy.
I am the counselor of those who seek advanceemnt, " wealth, succcts: I am the
mouthpiece of the banker, the broker, the merchant, the housewife, the farmer, school,
doctor, lawyer; even politicians seek me when others fail. v
I am thd benefactor of Capital, the friend of Labor, for I carry .the same messaje to
both, regardless of conditions.
I am mighty, sought for my power, alone in my influences and still as easy to ap- ,
proach as the solicitors who sell my wares. . .
im inci3c, appealing o an classes, King. and peasant, rich and poor, men
and women, and evdn little children seek comfort, maintenance and life through my
ood vice and influences.
. -
I know no religion my creed is pCuctiveness my Bible, "The Rate Card:" upon
it my subjects swear allegiance it is "The Newspaper's Badge cf Honor," for It'knows
-no discrimination, it tolerates no concessions.
I am the constructor cf successful business enterprise, the aid to Prepress the
channel to Advancement in commercial pursuits, and I stand for Truth in statement and
Hcnesy- in transaction through me business adversity is overcome, for I am the very
foundation of modern business ideals.
'y responsibilities are enormous, for I am the great, big. throbbing heart of the
Ncvrp.iper "
m - .
- my
,';,.::"i"v '
I AM ADVERTISING. . t -' y " - j
-aa-x x-mA- -A1
A:K - A.A-; :- AA!
A. - yry. ' M v ." 1
;A: AlN FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919.
t
t
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
Xi:7 YO
X, Feb. 1. The hollow
and superiirial
:ne of the week end
session of ths stock market was
forcibly illustrated by the leadership
cf Ohio Cities Gas, that speculative
issue making a gross recession of 5
points eui news of 3 new stock offer
ing. Other speculative issues la which
the shorts recently have been active
reacted sharply, notably oils, some of
the peace industrials and New York
Air Brake.
United States Steel and affiliated
industrials were fractionally lower,
also investment rails, while secondary
transportations continued to yield
under the influence of further realiz
ing in Texas and Pacifc.
Tha balance of the market was fea
tureless, sales amounted to 175,000
shares.
The strength of French bonds, espe
cially French government 5s at the
ntw maximum of 105 3-16 and Paris;
63 at par, a larjre fractional gain.!
ware noteworthy features. I
Dealings in the first named issue
were especially extensive on an
nouncement that they will be payable
here in dollar exchange instead of
frar.es at the time maturity, April 1
next. Total sales of bonds, par value,
af-tregated ?7,C50,COO. Old United
States bonds registered 4s declined
per cent on call today, other pre-war
issues showing no alteration for the
week.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Teb. 1. Corn averaged j
iuwer in price todv weaker ed more;rraolllon " clearing house banks and
cr less by the fact
tna co'-n'ry of fc--; trust companies for tt
liti'e l.,-er. Thehr- the? ho1 167.217.
i"s had beer me a
na.-kct closed unsettled, with thy e:ccs"3 cf legal requirements. This
Laal range varying from' 1 He "net de! 3 aa increase of $19,0S3,620 from last
t.':ne to ;,c advance. In cats, the re-j""eek-
s-lt was unchanged to 8C down, and
i; rrofisic-cs eff 3c to 60c. j Cosling quotatiors February 1. 1919.
bearish crop reports were current! (L- J- Over ook. Broker)
that within 40 days Argentine shirH NEW YORK.
:: : t? vct:lj Le lanie J in the United j Anaconda
Siites at less than ?1 a busiel. With-jAmr Cn
drawal cf government buyer3 from'Amn. Car
ry2 and barley markets wast Aran. Smelters .,
viewed likewise by many traders as j Baldwin ,
an clement of depression. On the (Beth. B :
breaks, shorts covered freely to even
!7 ' i
for the week-end. but' no lasting
... is was scored except by the Feb -
r'.arj- delivery.
Outs v.ero without snap. Slowness
f hi:..-iag (lenia id teemed to te
tL'e:!y re.-i.rnsible.
Atur. :a;se of hojs and Vas weak
s-va;-. curtailed inquiry for
r: r t-:-:Urvo had
cr-i.ais. which
i0'-.or.J.
:?sn placed on ho?!
aj parenuy were j
i
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NET,' YORK. Feb. 1. Apart from
thi United Stales Steel quartsrlv
statement and the lower "extra" coin-
77
Y
3
11
? c
fed
Our New Line of Spring
and Summer Samples.
Look Them Over
Before Buying
Elsewhere.
ntsfoee
JULIUS J. DUGAL, MANAGER
Opposite Biibec Auto Co., Upper Main St.
Fhcre 296 BUbee, Ariz.
men dividend, the stock market
! a whole recorded no material changes
during the dull and uninteresting
week.
Economic problems engaged the
more serious attention of financial in
terests, contributing appreciably to
the expansion of short selling and
occasional intervals of liquidation.
In the absence of any encouraging
influence, the view prevailed that
quoted values might be forced to low
er levels, the steel dividend giving
point to that opinion.
Specific reasons for the weakness
of shippings and the better known
oils were furnished by the severe and
unexpected reduction in ocean rates
and indications of increasing differ
ences between holders of Mexican
concessions and officials of that gov
ernment.
Monetary conditions offered ground
for moderate optimism, dissolution of
the local money pool releasing large
sums from interior banks and restor
ing rates for time and call funds al
most to their former ease.
The investment market was slightly
stimulated by extension of several
expiring note issues and the under
writing of a number of new issues.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 1. Cotton closed
steady at ?21.53 compared with $21.23
at the close last night.
CLEARING HOUSE BANKS.
NEW YORK, Feb. 1. The actual
the week shows
390 reserve in
59 U
46
SS
71 i
66U
55
po;
53',
54U
16
12ZV2
i C. & O.
' Northern Pacific
! Onir.nl Leather ,
j Crucible
1 Distillers
; Erie
!G:-nerai Motors ..
' n! A'-cvhel
i ATa.iae
22
S7i
40 -s
166
7214
90 vs
78
75
51H
89
Midvale
Mexican Pertoleum
N. Y. C
Northern Paciic f . .
Reading
Rubber
Studc'caker
j Steel
ye and
1
rks,
Boy!
3
Wo
ii.iv; !
36!2 !
i
127 "i
40
o- j
'
4U4 j
85 1
43 I
12 I
60
430
421,
as I U. S M
Uivi.T-1 Motors
Wcstincfcouse
BOSTON.
Adventure '.
Allouez
Alaska
Az. ComI
C. & A.
C. & II
C. Range
Chino
Chile
E; Butte
Granby
17
9U
76
433
23
4-s
75
41
32 U
9-..
3i
3
22-4
52'i
CV2
ion
35
."'
21
G. Can
Goldfield
Hancock
Indiana
Inspiration
Kennecott
Keweenaw
Lake
Ijl. Salle
Miami
Mohawk
Mayflower
N. Putte
Nip
Old Dom
Osceola
Pond Ck
Quincy 3.
Ray Con ,
Shattuck .'
Shannon
Superior. Boston ...
St. Marys
Utah
Utah Con
Winona
CURBS.
A. & A
Ariz. Bing
Ariz. Sil. King
- 'i
45
s
95.
is
'E:g Ledge ,
Butte London
Cal. & Jer.
Cornelia ,
Con. Copper Mines ,
''on. Ariz
Cosden
Cresson
Curtiss ,
Denn
Dundee
Emma
Federal Oil
Grvdsdcn
Grand Island
Green Monster
lie-be Dom
Hull
lowe Sound
14 I
6 !
1 !
7ts
13
16--
lls
5
4'
4
4
TJecla
rcn C&ps
J. Verde
Magma Copper
Ms. 3 ma, Chief
Miami Cons
Mines of America
Okmulgee
Porphyry
R?.y Here
Tom Reed ,
Tuclomne ,
U. Eastern . . . .'
Verde Ex. . . ;
Verde Combn
Wol. Ariz
Wright Martin
10
SO
179
So
43
33
OATMAN.
(Py Collins & Bretherton.)
Argo 05
Adams 02
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R 03
Bis Jira Con C9
Boundary Coc
Cold Ore 03
Gold Road Eon 02
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 03
Sunny side 05
Telluride 10
.07
.03
.15
.1"
.02
.0$
.03
.15
.05
.00
.12
1.7S
4.37
.0 i
.20
' Tern Reed 1.77
I United Eastern i.35
lUnitfd Western 02
j Red Lion
OTHER CURBS.
j Cads-Jen 2.S7
I Green Monster 37
j Butte London 11
Dundee $
Venture Kill 02
Jerome Verde 37
Ark-Arizona 15
Ins-Needi.?s 1
Hud Copper
Maema Chief 1 -j
Wolv-Arizona 1.S7
Verde Combinatioa , i
Miami Consolidated :,
N'ight Hawk
j Grand Island :
erde Squaw
Xacuzari Consolidated . . .
Con. Cop. Mines 5.75
Fornhyr .3..
Cal. & Jerome 44
Feather River
THIRTEEN PLEAD GUILTY
il'y Review 1a-:is1 Wirc
BOSTON. Yeb. 1. Thirteen rail
way express messengers, euployed on
rurs between New Yoik an-i licttrr..
today pleaded guilty to larcc-r.v of
jgocds iu transit. Twelve were sen
1 teneed to terms of four months to c-n
,'"r. 11 us cnargea mat mens m.
vol ring approximately $100.u00 h.l oc
curred during the last 15 m.:tt"..s
months. Goods valued at $10,000 have
been returned, it was stated.
Gei R:d c-j i
Percis Izzit .Cot: t".
Stop thai w."i::e:::n--. icii?-e-.'
I cr ml t. thrtcnt?.T th-oat -r
affect mnc. :h Kir-r.j's A't; ;
rhe to-.ic r.r. i u; '.:,.: -r cf : -r
! 5 xSrv cata mm !
. S'.eel i fd. ......
St. Paul
bci:triern Pacific
Sifi-'.air
T?is Oil
, 1'r.ior. Pacific . .
3.0J I
.44 1:
.14
l.oal
Ft',---. - - . . ; - ' - v. v - - v. -?-ss '
Above: American ycklii-rs in Russia.
Bolow: An a?ed coiiple in liber
ated France bidding farewell to
cne of their saviors.
Althojh the An:erican North
T.ussian expeditionary forcas are
exjierien?i;:.7 the very worst op
porition possille in the form of
nature horse!:, they are Sowing
sr.:; !ay to ccr.ie out victorious
ani win a rewr.rJ like their broth
vrt in France. The phc:orrarh
s:.ov.- some of the U. S. toys who
n:o fiphtsni on the American front
if iiussia ::'t.r they hr.ve picked
thrir way !:r seventeen, lours
t) rC'Ujr! r".'-.: r.-J nv-.mns in an
a -tcx.pt to :: .-; - r-i'slyjviki force.
i.o bef : '.. vvt. rcr.-n r r.t the
ciire of a fo.-.jt to Ci-y their cloth-
firn If '?ri fpr
: 5J i f jif l if . ' V 8
rJl''-LiLSi Si 'ia L LU $l
" -t-t 8
,,'Uv'I5,"5!j)T t-73"EE?
l i, ;J 4U i i ? I ;? 'm p g M
t - ? ;f3 J 'if v; .4 5 EH
.iiSi;w I- !
i
I
inn
ii tit
A j
0
sir i li
a V.'
in a letter to his
cousin D
Rtese. of this city Cpl. Dave T. Reese,
' ' 1 U-J V ; ; 1 - x -
ttery D, Sixth field artillery, tells
la
fences m ti.e creut war it-
r.11 interesting manner, as nis reci
nient lire! the first shot fron a Lie
t'tu in tie war for America the letter
is cf ruor? than ordinary interest.
The letter, dated December 2v. IjIS,
at Rai;sbacii, Germar.y, says in parte
"Have not received a leiicr in a
nonti! Tiiiii n htf frim lnt
exr.ect that was Jue to our movimr
about so much. We lust reiuked this:
e jus
town a week r.-o after a hi;-.e Vf 370
kilometers and I sr. ess tr
is where
v.e stop. 1 hope so. .Made the hike
since the armistice was si-ncd. I
walked every "step of he v.a s ycu
ee we ;.re c'oeut rc-ady to stop for
a .vh'!". Anyway, it. loks like we
would to I'iilii h-re for a couple of
.e.enths. but you never can tell.
'Ve aie on the east ban'i of the
hine, about 20 kilometer 3 (rom Cob-
leiu
came through Coblenz cn ,
the way here, crossing the hi 5 port-.
Icon bride there. It is scute town.
I can write ery nearly what I want
o or at least can tK yen v re 1
oeeu nerc ii:d th irouti
have
been on.
"I site:; 1 my 21st liithday. Xoves
t il K .C3
"? 3 c f
.
l
-Otiber 9, 1017, on the L-.neule i.:t,t,
.44 j close to il.o town cf N-p . y. t -itae oi
IS j of there :id ha 1 a :ao-:iu and a half
JJ
2.00 J
t4i
.12 l
il
V
1 . if? . ; 1 r MX
s
I -1
LI k
in ii
I The roughly Competent, Experienced Operators.
' Licensed Members of the L A. T. S. E.
c luvlo v e ?i.J;?:c to inspect this theater throushout as to danger of fire.'
' ' EAGLE THEATER, I
h E V. TRACY, Mgr.
THA?.!!' FCH HOURS THROUGH MUD AND SWAM: :
TO STOP THE I-GLSIIEV1KI FOKCES IN NORTH E UN 1U3SIA
in? about a carcpfir:. In the lower French couole. They are shower
picture an American doughboy in j in-r thanks' and wishing him sin-
u',v'u virtntc w jtien irjj me i
xcnaiu ior uis worn, iiom an agea i
of ,rainbl- ja th mUdle of the win -
tcr. Y.'er.t to i".v. Toul scoter in Jan.
' v"iy- That is clo.e to Toul r.nd there
i vhere 1 Sot badly burueJ with
us a'a uaen i cauc'u up with
r-y citfit afttr I came or.t of the
"'-"F-tr-l they were on their w;y t"
; Cant 'any. Wert on there and stayed
M Juiy ?. t the satr.e tinv inakir.?
ti:o t.rt.t attao-k made by An-ericar.
;roops. c took Csutiny l'rem the!
bo ht- ad iieid.ii, t':e lirt town re-!
. capturea by the America s. From
f there v.e went to Sotssous iir.d ste.rted
. V- f '!l.AT.ir;.,l t V-
--! i.iii jui; io.
1 i Jit boissons am went back to
'the Toul setter and took part in the
: t. Mihiel drive ia August. After the
:r:ve was over, I went to the ito-ita!
vita the flu. My outiit went in Hie
AiuGi.iie drive aud i roc back for the
last part of it that stancd near Ver
dun. Then we rested a lew days.
That is. we stayed cn the front, but
dujc in. and pot a few rights sleep.
Then we started the Ardenr.es drive,
cr footrace, which ended the war.
You CiU1 :iee 1 hcv not U('cn oa very
nulch 01 a fissure trip over here and
1 am sure
::uu it is over, believe
! me-'
in anothe
All Choked Up With Catarrh?
Why Continue Makeshift Treatment?
Spraj and douches will never
cure you-
Catarrh is anno3-ing enough -when
it chokes up your nostrils and air
passages, causing painful and diffi
cult breathing and other discom
forts. But the real danger comes
when it reaches down "into your
lungs.
This -s -why you should at once
realize the importance) of the proper
treatment, and lose no time ex
perimenting with worthless reme
WE WISH TO STATE THAT
IS AN ENTIRE
T--x ."v.
r.! k -j r i i m n h r: v. j t. . j.
WliM SUFtlCIEiNT EXITS TO EMPTY EUILELNG IN 2 MINUTES
tvoirforcrd Concrete construction. The machines arr of the f
ti f : - i?
tul jie vcmitn devices, ana
4 ii
v.
ceiet uou-sptcu as one of their
libera
tors.
lh.trr. he s?j8. Joscripiixe of the re-'
1 cer!on cf the nrrai;-. . t fvont
j "The day of the armistice, just te-;
f.ne 11 ocock, the ?..:.. v.o.e ..
to Dent hell, then, ail of a sudden
. evorythin; was so quiet it surely
i sounded strnv.ie. Th- Gorrnan in-
i fan try came nut cf t'u-.'ir trenches with
v.hite ras;s tied to their bayonets and .
o;.n-.e across -.No Man's Land" to sh ike '
ha;;d with us. tfc are billeted" row !
in a house wher? there are two Ger-'
i muns who have just been mustered ;
' out of the German army. They are
! nU.l i L . . .
i-i.n rm i urr, oui re uoi verv
- wed satisfied with the outcome. Thev
j treat us pretty geod. thoujth. of course, i
(the country is under martial law and!
I they know better than to foo! with'
us. Then, attain, thev are tett'iii'i
wise to how their government foiled
them."
At the time of writing the letter
quoted above. Corporal Reese thought
it likely that r.is regiment would re
main cn guard for six or seven
moeths. All the officers and men
are anxious to get back to the United
States and he, once discharged, will
lose no time getting to Bisbee.
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
dies which touch only the surface.
To be rid of Catarrh, you must driTe
the disease germs out of your bloou.
Splendid results have been report
ed from the use of S. S. whicH
cQir.ple.teIy routs from your blooa
the Catarrh germs, for which it iS
a perfect antidote, ?
S, S. S. is sold by all druggists.
If you wish medical advice as to the
treatment of your own individual
case, write to-day to Chief Medical
Adviser. Swift Specific Co., Dept.
L. Atlanta. Ga.
THE
1. 1 r
i t t
.-a
rfv wr1 v-r
i - rt, - w
rire proci. in cnarge ot
r,m' STmi k-d V ! ,
6:
Pi
Rewlailoriug
DEPART3IENT
We do our own designing and
cutting, and try . on each garment
befoli ' completed, which assures
a perfect fit. Alterations, clean
ing, pressing and repairing neatly
H. MICHAELS, Tailor,
With Miller Shirt and Hat Shop
Main St Bisbee
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Store.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. OK ST.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE"
A. OWERS. Mgr., Bakerville
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & OClce Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 &nd 58.
Qiickn Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED COIilP'Y
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
C H. HOGAH
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE-INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPcR QUEEN HOTEL
C. IL HO&Afi
In Preparing
Si
it makes a "whole lot of differ
ence vii.it kind of lumber you
use. If the lumber is to come
from us, you can figure on
quantities much closer than il
you don't specify us. There
is no waste to our lumber. Il
can be used to the last inch.
If your plans are as right a?
our lumber your building wil
be a dandy.
Bisbes Lumber Co
(Incorporated)
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
Lowell Car Stop. Phone 25
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
oecifiGations THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919.
FIVE
V
5
i
5
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS -
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisements must reach Tie Review office not later than S p. m. for insertion in next morning's paper.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Experienced teamster
wants work. In Bisbee or out of j
town. Address Box 393. 293 I
WANTED Solicitor,
works.
Call City Dye i
290 j
MALE HELP WANTED (Discharged;
soldiers preferred). Bright, ener-
getic young man with selling ability
for newspaper advertising. Apply by
letter, giving experience, etc. Good
position for right man. Box 100, Re
view. 245
. MINE FOREMAN WANTED By
Tigre Mining company in northern
Sanora. Salary $200 per month.
Must speak some Spanish and thor
i,aaly understand machine drilling,
i-ly Brophy Bldg., Douglas, Ariz.
240
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Experienced married wo
man to work in kitchen. Warner
dining room. 301
WANTED Waitress.
Queen hotel.
Arly
Copper
263
WANTED Waitress at Copper Queen
hotel.
For Sale
FOR SALE 2600 feet of three-ouar-
ter inch galvanized pipe. Will net
to per cent. Good as new. The
Queen Laundry. P. O. Box 191.
Phone 53. 277
FOR SALE Baby chicks. 50 to 1000
lots. Anconas, Barred Rocks. R. L
Reds, B.ack and White Minorcas.
White Orpington. White Rock, Buff
ar.d Brcwn Leghorns, White Leg
horns, Macfarlane and D. W. Young
strains. Hatching weekly. Safe
shipment guaranteed. Circular free.
Poultry Co-operative Hatchery, D. E.
Doke. Mgr., 72
.? So Snrine- 1 sa
- - J7 f
2S3
Angeles.
FOR SALE: Indian motorcycle, nearly
new. See Doyle, fire house No. 1.
2S0-
FOR SALE Small business, best pay-
ing investment in Bisbee. Suitable
for lady. Investigate this. Ad
dress H. care Review. 300
FOR SALE Five passenger Chevro-
let car in fine condition. Will take
part cash, balance easy payments.
See this car before you buy. W. L.
Smart, the Chevrolet man, or Box
607. 267
FOR SALE Four room bouse, furni
ture, garage, corral, chicken house,
two lots, well fenced. For $1150.
This property is located in Don Luis
where the price will be 50 per cent
higher when the concentrator is
finished. Small cash payment, bal-
ance ?2o per month. Box 607. Bis-
bee. 268
F(vn AL,f-Frniture for two rooms.
V. ill sell one piece or all Hoosier
utwiuci, i iruuu rv wuic, "
new Ideal range, brass bed, etc. A. !
Walker, 97 Chihuahua hill, care j
Budgen store, Naco road. 270
FOR SALE Eight rooms furniture,
$150, or separately. L, Review. 265 j
FOR SALE Furniture, house for ' FOR REXT
rent. No. 7 Quality hill, yellow- j furnished
house above new Baptist church. Don Luis
266 '-
rr-1 c .1 - t, rr :
FOR SAL Rugs, library table, chair ,
and dress-form. Mrs. McBryde, !
Moore flats, 81 School hill. 234 !
rOOmS :
FOR SALE Furniture in 30
with the privilege of a two or three j
- years' lease on property. Bert Clem-'
eat, 71 Brewery Gulch. Phone Red :
604. 226
FOR SALE Furniture for four rooms, 1
and 11 laying pullets. House for
rent. See G. M. Carlisle, first house j
south old school, Warren.' 215 I
FOR SALE Furniture for four rooms :
and 11 laying pullets. House for'
rent. See G. M. Carlisle, first house
south old school, Warren. 214
t OR SALE In V. arren, iour rooms
and bath, lot 40xS0. Part cash, bal-
ance less than 15 per month. Will
tike cash.' Liberty bonds or paper
your bank will say is good. Net a
fancy place, but a pood comfortable
home for an investment of less than
I1S00. Box 8 S 4, Warren. 196
FOR SALE 40 to 320 acres land, ii
miles from Bisbee. Will Eell at a
reasonable price. Box 217, Bisbee.
209
FOR SALE OR TRADE In good con-!
riit'on, Maxwell roadster for Ford i
truck. 35 JiggerviUe. 19s .
FOR SALE High breed Holstein and'
Jersey miik cows, all fresh. Can see :
tame at South Bi.sbee, inquire for !
Sain Thurman. 134 ;
FOR SALE Ford, perfect A-l condl-!
tion. Liberty bonds and stamps ac-
copted. Brooks Garage, O. K. '
street. i-q
FOR SALE Sixteen room rooming
house, completely furniehe'. Apply
Ho-an Sed. Phone 10. 125
FUR SALE Will sell my household
rods, five roonia complete, fumed
oak and of A-l quality, if taken as
they stand. Buyer has privilege of
an'vfrV-iVr ,f cllyl
h Lr L iV8" !
Review.
.... . . ,.IWC ,
dh-tf i
FO.
o.-ir. io lois on uregon
nirei-i, one on cnicago avenue, Lo-
well, Johnson addition, each 3ux6o '.
feet. Address M. J. Grcenan, Oak-'
land, Calif. General delivery. 875 1
. 1
FOR SALE Uncalled tcr suits. M.I
Levin, Lowell, Ariz. 537
For Sale
FOR SALE Marx hotel, Lowell. Good
business. Inquire David O'Neill.
273
FOR SALE Robbits. Different breeds
and ages. Geo. Burrows, South Bis-
bee. 276
FOR SALE Cheap, Hoosier cabinet.
! 14 Jiggerville.
297
FOR SALS Bundles or old papers at
the Review office. Large bundles,
price 25c
For Rent
FOR RENT Batching room. Ozark
house, 71 Brewery avenue. 243
fUK KENT Two nice rooms, well
furnished for light housekeeping. SO
Moon avenue: Phone 645. J. W
Glover. 2S1
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. 163 Opera
unve, fhone Blue -711. 29
FOR RENT Good furnished room
Wilson, 17 Quality hilL 294
FOR RENT Two light housekeepint
rooms for rent, 530. Phone Black
4d. Warren. 295
FOR RENT Furnished
Quality hill.
room.
31
2SS
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms
$1S per month- Inquire Tincuff, V
Tate hill.
2s:
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished fo.
housekeeping. No children. 23 Men.
tana street, Johnson addition. 2S.
jrnu t,rvT Z TrT
vl'IT"0 Tf"rnished
and bath. 41
cement house.
Johnson
addition
26S
FOR RENT n.aro i
pot. Inquire of Geo. R. Smith. 27.
FOR RENT Ttrn nr fnn -r.;s.l
- v. . I u 1 il,.CJF J.U111
ished housekeeping rooms. No. II
iiggerviue. 27k'
FOR RENT
Two room anartmeni
22 Hayes house, Tombstone canyoL
291
FOR RENT
Two furnished house
keeping rooms, has sink in kitche.
Back cf Brewery Gulch lumber yan
61 Walsh avenue. 2S
FOR RENT One unfurnished and ol
untarnished fiat. Apply at Moos
hotel, before 8 a. m., or after 8p.t
Mrs. Gristy. , 2-
FOR RENT Two unfurnished room
224 Brophy avenue. Tombstone ca.
yon. 26
FOR RENT Furnished housekeepin
apartments. 1S9 Temby avenut
block north of high school. 2b
FOR RENT Two nice rooms fo
i;gnt housekeeping. 16 Tank hill,
FOR RENT One four room, partiall
furnished, house on high road $2
npr month I 1 1
Hocan. belOi
Copper Queen hotel, or Phone 12..
26,
FOR RENT Large furnished nous
keeping, sleeping or batching rooirn
Custom House. 26
-Two, five and six roou.
houses. ' E. A. Hillmai.
23.
OR RENT Two room house wit.
sleeping porch, furnished. Mrs. Wu
wood, Winwood addition 3
.
FOR RENT Three room house an.
KfTPfmrl Tw-vrr-li nsrtln f , V,
- . " v. u;ucu
John Wohlschlegel, Opera Drive.
23-.
FOR RENT Four room house
App.
93
N. C. McRae, South Bisbee.
!
FOR RENT Two clean rooms, $9 pt
month. Car line, 10 minutes to posi
office. Suitable for one or two pe
sons housekeeping. Renter take ove
furniture. $30. B. D.. Review. 23;
FOR RENT Furnished apartment i.
; cement block house back of El Pas.
j house. Lights and water furnishe.
24
"
FOR RENT Three furnished room
j Tor light housekeeping. 56 Uppe
j Lowell, across second track froi.
j depot. 23.
I
.FOR RENT Two furnished fron
Sta
24.
club.
FOR RENT Housekeeping room, 5
Upper Lowell, across from Lowe
depot. 19.
FOR RENT Three furnished room;
No-children. Garrity house, Jone
hill. 20;
FOR RENT In Highland park, $2.
garage $2.50, cozy three-room bung,
low, partly furnished, electric light
and spring water free. Apply J. i
Finney, Sr phone 257, care Unci
Jim's, Brewery Gulch. 19:
FOR RENT Seven room unfurnishe
hou.se, Navajo trail, Warren. Hoga
& Seed. Phone 10. 12
FOR RENT Rooms, at Mrs. Ross. 8
Jiggerville. 14;
FOR RENT Garage, $5 month. Ai
P- l-.avii Playfair. 9S Mason hii
Phone Blue' 647.
9'.
RENT Large office room, goo
on. Apply to M. C. High, re;
esiaie. uilicu. Alien blnrk K1:
.
Furnished Roams
,,OTFL V. 11.LCOX rour lots, next t
uepot. 41 rooms, furnished, tele
hone. !." shap. two fruit trees;
g'ol trade; rith mines 15 milee
traffic h"re. $1S,1'('0. H. p..
Box -11S, WiUcoA, Aiu. 2S4
Wanted
WANTED To trade, well improved
irripiifpit farm nf ooa
wa;Pr nn 7; ,ar ,1 I,, ;iireet: thence on a minus grade of
mhhit t!rht f .-i 1 I
r . : f; Z S?
ortv "W'wtrt n D 11 x i I
WritB n ir y ,, " r
SwelJ"- n,rC49
at 20
WANTED A few assessments
work, by an experienced miner Ad-'2'65 tor 299'9 feet' at whicb- Point
dress Box 30S1, Lowell. 296inu ered U 1 e elevaon 5,460.66
to
QUEREMOS, ALGUNOS HOMBRES Wc for 199.S feet, at which point
con burros, para que empaquen y numbered 12, the elevation is 5,452.47
carguen lena por contrato. ReefIeet: 1 hence on a minus grade of
Mines. - 253 . 3.20' c for 100 feet, at which point
'numbered 13, the elevation is 5,449.27
WANTED Either furnished or unfur-! feet, this grade is for the center line
nished house. Address, "G," care ' of said road, as surveyed in Paving
Review. dh-tf : Book No. 1. Paees 55-5 n nH 57 Hntori
Money to Loan
SMALL OTTTPTv i niY5 r I
sonai note to salaried men and wo-
mer, also on furniture. Cox Loan
company. Room 7. Sparks Kline i
building.
XDO ,
Agents Wanted
AGENTS WANTED MaV. . J
selline an art.vi,. thnf ooTio T;
lling an article that sells itself.
dui a, iteview. 44
AGENTS. EITHER SEX For com-'11
plete History World War. $2 boos.
50 per cent commission. Agents
making $21 a day. "Life of Roose-
velt." same prices, same terms
Send 20 cents for both outfits F
B. Dickerson Co.. Detroit Mich "S5
HG SCOOP ON WAR BOOKS Pa-
triotic insert for soldier's or sailor's of o.6r'r for S3 feet, at w hich point the I
photograph and military record, elevation is 5.3S5.26 feet, for an accu-i
gives us big scoop on war book with'rate location of the center line of said ;
Roosevelt book with introduction by
Taft. 72 sales in one day, 45 in
three hours. Outfit free. Act
quick. H. L. Baldwin company,
Rockefeller Bldg., Cleveland Ohio,
275
a dx-t't-o TvT-r,
nm.M, HUHb
ers birrecords bfeTm
ne f?r":;Kb"
r v , 7
Best bank reference. Big outfit
eo to,, ra company,
106 So. LaSalle street, Chicago. 274
Miscellaneous
.
EWARD For the return of a heavy
dark brown overcoat picked up in
Central theater Thursday night, had
Phelps Dodge label in, and gloves in
pocket. A J. Fairclough, Phelps
Dodge store, Lowell, or phone 314.
.2S6
.upwvAvivn 7: Tn ,
DRESSMAKING Done at Balgay
house, Temby avenue. 271:
1 1
.ENERAL AUCTIONEER Bisbee, '
Warren district and Cochise countr. i
can sell your furniture in your j D established, and hereafter shall be An ei ican customs and habits, an
house or your merchandise in your as follows: Commencing at a j apai trient furnished completely wiu
place of business to your advautase. : Point, w here t"ue center line of Naco be maintained at th sohr.nl Tho
30 years experience. Reference, j Scad intersects the East City limits.
Bank cf Bisbee. Phone 257, P. O. j tne elevation of which point is
Box 1737. Office and residence over . 5,166.3 feet, the elevation being de
Uncle Jim's, Brewery Gulch. J. A. ! termined from the United States
Finney, sr., Auctioneer. 193 j Geograpinoai Survey Bench Mark,
RITP TO -v n a c 7; 'at the Scmnw-est corner of the Phelps-
, ?. ' iJ- a school. Los 'Dolce Mercantile Company's Store
Angeles, about Auto, Radio. Com-' Building, in the Citv of Bisbee;
mercial and Engineering courses. .hOIv o ., -
3CECOND HAND CLOTHES Bought. 1
Phone 739, City Dye Works. 604
.
Legal Notices.
ORDINANCE 224'
BE IT ORDAINED by the Mayor
ind Common Council of the City" of
iisbee:
Section 1. That the grade of the cen
er line of Ma
lin Street fn the City of
ia. is hereby established
shall be as follows-'
iisbee, Arizona
nd hereafter
ommencing at a Doint from whi.-h
he Southwest corner cf the Fair
:uilding bears North 46 53' E. 43.23
eet: the Northwest corner of the An
,uis Building bears S. 76 17 E. 32.44
aet: the Southeast corner of the
acks Building bears North 52s 02'
Vr. 20 fept - Ihp dWalmn r.T
oint is 5,309.71 feet, determine! from
Je United States Geological Survey
ench Mark, on the Southwest cor-
er ct the Phelps-Dodge Mercantile
ompany's Store Building, in the City
- Bisbee; thence in an easterlv direc-
on on a minus grade of 3.957f"for 162
er ct the Phelps-Dodge Mercantile
jet. at which point the elevation is
.303.31 feet; thence on a minus prade
I Z.do'c for 234 feet, at which point
ae elevation is 5,296.4 feet.
Sec. 2. Tnat the grade of a portion
i Joiuhstone Canyon, in the Citv of
lsbee, Arizona, is hereby established,
ad hereafter shall be as follows:
ommencing at a point numbered 1.
roni which corner number 3 of the
lorse Shoe Mining Claim, in the War
en Mining District bears North 4u
4' W. 1!J9.3S feet, the elevat-r.n of
men point is 5.CS2 feet, this eleva-
.on being determined from th United
.tates Geological Survey Bench Marl:.
t the Southwest corner of the Phelos-
)odge Mercantile Company's Store, in
he City of Bisbee: Thence Suuta So1
2s ' W. 199.06 feet, on a rising grade
f 9.74' c. at which point the elevation
3 5,701.4 feet: Commencing at cor
er numbered 1, thence in a North
astcrly direction on a minus grade of
i.86' for 1,636 feet, to a point nuni
ercd 2. at which point the elevation
s 5,565.65 feet: thence on a minus
jradc of 3.67 for 299.S feet, at which
Joint numbered 3. the elevation is
i.554.65 feet: thence on a minus grade
)f 3.65';',- for 19J.S feet, at which point
lumbered 4, the elevation is 5.547.3'i
ieet: thcaco on a liiinus Kiaue of
ORDINANCE EST BI T?Hi'fi ' : ts u.e nope 01 tne scnool board and
THE GRADE LINES OF CERTAIN e ?a a riS,i::i: Srde ' 0 ""c faculty that a greater number of
STREETS, AND PORTIONS - ' at -whli Point tho eleva- Mexican children may be prevailed
THEREOF. WITHIN THE CITY OF . ls 1"'9 feet thence on a ris- upon in this way to complete the hUh
BISBEE ARIZONA 1 srade of 1.40T-, for 5) feet, at school course.
2.99Tc for 499.S feet, at which point
nunioereu 5, tae elevauon is 5.532.
ftet: thence on a minus grade
4.15T1- for 199. S feet, at which roint
r.uuiijered 6 the elevation is 5.524.13
feet: thence on a minus grade of
.- . 1 . . -t 1 n e . . ..I
to,c 101 ieei; ai wnica point;
J numbered 7, the elevation is 5.51S.73 j
jfeet; thence on a minus grade oft
for 599.6 feet, at which point
numbered 8, the elevation is 5,497.63
thence on a minus grade of
c for 399.7 feet, at which point
'' 9. the elevation is 5.4S1.S4
iieei. meuce ou a minus grade or
3'31"e for 39S'8 feet' at which Pt
tnence on a minus grade of
feet: thence on a minus grade of
i icci, iucuic uu a minus graae OI
January 10th, 1919, on file in the office
of the City Engineer
Sec. 3. That the grade of the center
line a portion of Brewery Avenue.
Kv. ."..m 'i.'j J r ' 7, V
!!,f ?J.l.s.hedA "1 .her.eafte! sh&u .b?
fa "!"cms fl , 1,01111
MA n,.nn K K x x. j i
. AAii, everu wiui tuc - Jl Lil CUU lllle OI
Lot 19, Block 2, the elevation of said
point being 5,237.39 feet, as deter-
minearrom tne u nited States Geolo-
Slcal Purvey Bench Mark, on the
Southwest corner of the Phelps-Dodge
Mercantile Company's Store Building,
the city of Bisbee. Arizona; thence
on a rising grade of 3.417c for 936.53
eet at waica point the elevation is
S.3?9-33 feeU thence on a rising grade
of 3'5-c for 9l)0 feet at wnih point
elevation is 5.360.S3 feet: thence
on a risin grade of i.Tl'.'c for 451.22
5,3S0.2S feet: thence on a rising grade j
ieec, ai wmcn point tne elevation is
survey number 100. on file in the of-
fi"e of the City Engineer,
Sec. 4. That the grade of Subway
Street, in the City of Bisbee, Arizona,
is hereby established and hereafter
shall be as follows : Commencing at
a point w hich is 11 feet from the 1
" tv,wlt - ii ifci uuiu uis
Southwest corner of Let 30 Block 4. in
i?-S 5 Southwest corner of Lot 30,
rsiocii 4, aim tne boutneast corner ot
Lot 2, Block 6. the elevation of which
point is 5,309.70 feet, said elevation be-
ing determined trom the United State
Geological Survey Bench Mark, at the
, Southwest corner ot the Phelps Dodge
.Mercantile Company s Store Building,
in the City of Bisbee; thence on a
minus grade of 3.27'c for 434.12 fest.
at which point the elevation is 5,235.5
feet For more complete information
reference is hereby made to a map in
the office of the City Engineer, en-
titled "Map of Subway Street, in
B1cks 4-5 and 6. for paving purposes,
dated January 9th. 1919."
c c ,,.
Sec. 5. That the grade cf the
CCEter lme of a Portion of Naco Road
in the Cit' of Bisbee. Arizona, is here-!
-i;fcr 50 feet, at which point the
13 t; thence j
ft,,, j1 ,JlSinK ?r'de or j
5.90c fo.- 103 feet, at which point 1
tte
thei
elevation is 5.174.9
feet: t
:ce on a rising grade of 4.40Tr !
for 50 feet.at which point the e'.eva-
jtion is 5.177.1 feet; thence on a rising!
2do cf If
at which ,
which point the elevation is 5,17S.ffi
feet; thence on a rising grade of
2 SC'r for 50 feet, at which poiat the
elevation is 5.1S0 feet; thence on a
rising grace of 3.07Cf for 150 feet.
&t vhich Poiat the elevation is 5.1S4.6 1
i1. lhcuce on a risin" ?raJe of j
'"''t for 100 ieet' at whch point
: ot i-.f ior oi ieec
i-iou 10 ieei; iuuce -siiiti, ai an eievanon or 5,-95.71
ca a rising grade of G' for to feet.jfeet, this elevation being determined
at which point the elevation is j from the United States Geological
5.194.S feet; thence on a rising grade Survey Bench Mark, located at the
of 1.44Ve for 69.6 feet, at which Southwest corner of the Thplns-
point the elevation is 5.135.S feet;
thence on a rising grade of 0.20','r
for 14S 7 fett. at which rtoint the
tlevatin is 5,196.1 feet; thence on
a ns,nS grade cf 1.52rr for 250.4 i
feet' at w'iitn point the elevation is
',''-J J leel mence on a rising
',''-J J leel mence on a rising
?radc of 2-6'f fr 100 feet, at which
r'oint lhs elevation is 5.202.5 feet;
tl:tnce on a rising grade of 4.Src
ffr 5? feet- at wIl--h point the eleva-ja
tio:i is 5.201.3 Ret. Tor mere
1111,3 "ormatic:i reference is hereby
maJe to a nu:p on file in the office
.r .lIle cit' Engineer, entitled "Pre-
"mllll:r froiiie Naco Road.
Section 6. That the grade of a Dor-
lien of the Quarry Canyon Road, in I elevation is 5.371.57 feet, thence
tht Ci? .- cf Bisbee. Arizona, is hereby on a rising grade of I0.17'V for 29S.3
established, and hereafier hall be''fen. at whio'i point the elevation is
as foliov.o:-- Commencing in the 5.402.S"feet ; thence on a rising grade
center cf sai l road, at a point which j of l.SllV for 93.93 feet, at " which
U North C0 w. 7 loot from the'ptini the c'.cvatioi: is .V401 at ft-
t-oiuawcst corner o
,hn Lorttta School.
tiio fi-a-'.)-i u foot, this'
-levalijn I ei:: : .determined freni thJ '
Sit-
.I'll; fi A: irL- -!' l . ...
.... . .v v i. v lim.; OiaitS
Cer-ioj-n U Survey, vt tk i Southwest
'o:i;. r t ; tho l';.t H's-I)od-,e Mercau
t:le Con-.puuy's S.ore Building in
t ie City ii' J i.fM-e; thence on a us
ing i;:-i!ic rf 7'J'. fur lM'i.S l.rf.
;it wiiUii i-fiui the elevaiioH is j
5.149 S5 ic-et: il e -.- c en a rising :
gr .le cf a.vy.r 1. ."9S.40 f-ee. at .
which pt i.-.t the tlciiitin is 5.485.51 j ''Cation,
loot: thence mi a lising gr.ido c-t" j Pat. -sod.
9.6'r i'r 172 15 feet, at which noiiit'lhis the ;
the clevuthm is 5.5H2.4S foot. I
Sonkn 7. That the grade of th'
tenter iiuo nf a portion of O K I
Street, in tho fiiv ,.i i;ih.. ril
IMT WAR BRIDES
E l!i STATES
(By Review Leased Wire)
NEW YORK, Feb. 1. The Ameri
can steamship Plattsburg, which to
day arrived here with 16S1 troops, in
cluding the 323rd machine gun bat
talion. 12 officers and 4S4 men of the
S3rd division; machine gun company,
5 officers and 159 men of the 330th
infantry of the S3rd, and a number of
casual companies of New York troops
and brought also 6 officers and 222
men who are convalescing from
wounds was the first troop ship to
bring English "war brides" of Amer
ican soldiers to this port. On board
were the wives of three officers and
12 enlisJel men, some accompanying
their husbands and some whose hus
bands had returned on other ships.
There was one "war baby" on the
ship. William Robert John Lewis.
Jr., who came over with his mother
to see his father for the first time.
I The father returned several weeks
ago and last week was discharged
1 from a debarkation hosnital here with
his seventh wound healed.
Lieut. W. W. de Rade of Buffalo
met his bride in a convalescent camp
where he was recovering and she was
ministering to the invalids.
Lieut. Henry O. Wyatt of Rich
mond, Va., said he made three trips
from England to Scotland to win hU
IS year-old bride, who was an. ac
quaintance of a Scottish soldier he
had "chummed with.
Pvt. G. D. Johnson of Brooking, S
D.. attached to 'an aviation squadron,
first met his bride on -official busi
ness." She was a clerk in the British
alr scrvi:e at Blandenford, England.
DCTTCD 0011001 0 FOD
DEl I I 11 tJUnUULu run
MEXICANS PLANNED
Mexican scholars in the public schools
of the Warren district now is beins:
oi me v arren district now is bpins
considered hv tho hnrH nf ort,,t,,T
faculty, and soon should bear
fruit-in the form of a school house
suuated at some central point in the
district, devoted to the education cf
Mexicans, according to announcement
made yesterday by Miss Gregg, as
sistant, superintendent of schools in
the district.
When American and Mexican -children
are together in the schools, the
Mexicans are prone to exhibit signs
of being handicapped insofar as keep
ing U7 with classes is concerned by
the difference in tongue, home cus
toms and other points of racial differ
ence. It is planned to obviate this to
a large extent by introduction of a
tew .system to be used trom the first
to the sixth grades.
In order to better acquaint the bovs
and rirls of the Mexican schools with
children, from the primary to the
sixth grade will pass through a course
of instruction in American household
usage, learn the names of every article
in common use and at the same time
be taught domestic science. Girls
will learn the proper way to make
beds, sweep, wash, iron, cook, mend
fllil
ele-ling. The boys will be taught shoe-
making, woodwork, adobe and cement
work -tnd printing.
The work will be so tmr.
fact, that it will dovetail with h svs.
Um of vocational priiirafirm shih a
being installed in the local schools
under the provisions of the new na-
ticnal vocational training law. it also
zona, is hereby esiaolished. and
hereafter shall be as follows:
Commencing at a point from which
me southeast corner of ljot 1
Block 2. in the City of Bisbee. bears
North 7 40' W. 61.74 feet, which
point is on the center line of O. K.
Dodge Mercantile
Building, in the
Company's Store
City of Bisbee:
thence on a rising grade of 9.6rc for
'99.54 feet, at which point the eleva
Hon is 5.305.26 feet; thence on a
rising grade of 5.4rc for 99.Su feet;
1 wnicn point the e'.3vation is
w
5.310.C
--rade
elevat
o.oiu.bo teet; tnence on a level
for 25 feet, at which roint the
tion is 5.S10.65 feet: thono
rising grade of 6.63Tc for 174.7
defi-iIePt. at which point the elevation is
C.J22.23 ieet;
thence on a risinsr
grade of 5.2;r for 299.6 feet, at
which point the elevation is 5.337.S1
feet; thence on a risinsr trade of
S-47;r for 39S.56 feet, at which noint
the grounds ofl"ic!? :i a rising grade of 4.57
at which roint fcr 299.7 feet, at which roint th
eievanon js 5.41S.31 feet: thence on
a ruing graue of 5.49r'f for 99.S5
fc:t. ut which point the eWvatiou is
:. il;;.79 root.
Soclion S. All ordinances, and
;-art.? of crdiii-uu-os. in conflict with
the i)roi-icns htronf. am tiumhv .
Poaled.
Scctinu 9. This ordinance shall.
fak t-ffect . an.i be In force from and
alter its passage, approval and nnh.
adopted and approved.
.'1st day of Janr.arv, lain.
ATTEST
JACOB ERECKSOX.
Mayor. ,
M. L. BUTLER,
City Clerk,'
4
v
Vv
...i-..jiiwo- -i;,j;iP
o
Here's just a bit of advance news
as to what will be worn this coming
! spring:. Here is one of the very
cnoicesi 01 tne early spring models.
Brown duvetyn in loose box effect
with a tan broadcloth vestee is the
combination. REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the es
sential facts of each, their meeting nights, their oitu-ers and the phu-e ot
gathering will bo found under their respective headings in these columns.
8ISBF6 LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
MeeU .every Friday
night. Moose Hall.
"-'j Visiting brothers cor-
tial'y invited.
tt. I. GLEASON,
Dictator
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets e t e r y
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows" Hall
Subway street, at 7: SO o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially Invited to attend.
Hall phone 119.
FRANK WEBSTER. N. G.
LESTER EUSTACE. Sec'y.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening ot each
month at Odd Fellows Hail Vial ting
listers are cordially invitea.
MINNIE BLUM. M. E C
Phone Black SSL
IDA GLAZE, M. of R. C.
Box 1475
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Blue Rc
Friday
Saturday
THOMAS HARGIS, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y F. & A. M.
W. R. BANKS. E. H. P.
N. C. BLEDSOE. T. I. M.
J. L. POWELU E. C.
F. S. DAVENTORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175. F. O.
E.. meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days. S p. m..
Eagles Hall.
Visitors cor
d i a 1 1 y wel
come. EDWIN OLLEREXSHAW, Pres.
F. C. FEXDERSOX. Secretary.
C L. EDMUNDSON, Acr:e rhyslcan
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I. Homestead S9b. meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Meiiga
rich hall. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
F. W. TURNER. Foreman.
Phone Black 4CS.
T. O. Box 9S1. Warren.
E. D. STINSON.
Coriespondent, Box 149S.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADNAUGHT
L. O. L. NO. 210.
meets la 1. O
O. F. HaH nr.
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visitiug bro'b
.a cor1ii,i2
invited to at
tend.
WM. T. SMITH AN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. a Box i26, Bisbee.
BACKACHE
Umber Up With Pntratln2
Hamlin Wizard Oil
A harmless and effective prepara
tion to relieve the pains of Rheuma
tism, Sciatica. Lame Back and Lum
bago is Hamlin's Wizard Ol It pen
etrates quickly, drives out soreness,
and limbers up still aching joints and
muscles.
You have no idea how useful it
will be found in cases of every day
ailment or mishap, when there it
need of an immediate healing:, anti
septic application, as in cases of
sprains, bruises, cuts, burns, bites
and stings.
Get it from druggists for 30 cents.
If not satisfied return the bottle and
get your money back.
Ever constipated or have sick
headache? lust try Wizard Liver
Whips, pleasant little pink pills, 30
cents. Guaranteed.
CITY DYE WORKS
Geaning & Pressing
Phone 739.
Opp, Y. W. C. A.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
Jh
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jade Bldg., Main wtreet
Pho
tie
Box 1129
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bone Lodge No
Knights of Pvtrii
meets each Tuesdaj
wy texcept second la Ode
Fellows' Hall 'at 7:5
p. ra. Visiting brother
cordially Invited
JACK CAIN. C. C.
W. E. McCALLUM. K. cf R S
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exaiter Ruler
C. W. HICKS, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second aud fourth Tuesday at 7:St)
p. m., Finnish hall.
D. C. SAXBY, C. C.
O. a THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
ORQER OF EASTERN STAR
meets in Masonic Han
Pearl Chapter. No. 6, meet
lu Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesdav of each
trtjv'?
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. HELENA RAGSDALE. W. M..
rhone 500.
MRS. JESSIE SEVAN, Sec'y. P. O.
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com..
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Mtets In I. O. O. F
tla'.I First nd Third
Saturdays. V I s 1 1 li
iirothers welcome.
J. L. BEXTOX. Councillor.
P. L. WOODMAX, Jr., K0C. Socy.
F.-tATf ::nal
b;; jTHisHecD
t. f. a.
MsM. Visitiug members cordially in-
Jc ..IA POOLE, President, ,l4jJ
Phono 27S.
CEO. POOLE. Troas.. P. O. Box 2-,-,9
HONOU.V MUNCH. Secretary.
Box 1621.
t-'SM V -Kisheo U:ge No.
;tVK-;'i 5 2. meets the ;u
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
vVX Eisbee Camp No. 13415.
T?(.f--p1, Mets 1st Saturday
S"-? MovIch Hall.
S. T. MOSS, Consul. ,i
VXv A- F. MATHEWSOX,
Clerk, SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1919.
AMERICAN SHIPS FOR AMERICAN COMMENCE
IS
;L,u.iA:s Ul CO.iJitCIAL CONFERENCE
11
-j A I "hD 1 A m
5 -ft 11 I
rFp!
i
A. f. ITync;. formerly employed at
the J-.:nttiun mine, tut latterly a mem
ber of tii ZZL'.h ini'antrv, t,;iU divi
sion, has relumed t Iiisbe carrying
Lis lc-fL arm .i'Ay as a r-?jlt cf be
in:; wounded ia the drive ia tee Ar
forojt, Octo&er i. by a piece
oi hi sii e splosh e shell. He was dis-
cr..T- iii-t Wednesday from the hos
Tit:u a: San Acror.icj Texas, fully
curtil, trcz ca seccui.t of the weakness
Cf bis
t. use it for
tj? h.lT he
His re 'in:
vcundtd arm, will r.ot be able
a tiaie for anything li
formerly performed.
?ut. a portion cf the
fainotis :-:h "shock" division, was in
the t'rive for ten days before he -ft as
"wounded Alter polng ever the to,) at
2:.,0 o'clock a. m. as a member of the
first lii:j of the first wave of shock
troop.--. Hynes fouaht until about
o tioch., dv nica time ais company
had advanced between a mf!e and a
mile end a half and established new
front line tre:i:i-.fs.
"I can't Logia to de-ciibe the fiiht-
ii jru cai do k, you nave me
cheated a lor.:; way," said .Mr. Hynes
with a smiie wliea asked about tlie
Arironrie advance.
The er.'ire division of shock troops
was titc-J tire times for extracrdi
nary pallanti-y i:i action.
HW3IY SHOWS
.Oiffi OF RELIEF
' - -: - ;.;.... . 1 . .. - V
v. v:; ri
j.QF MEBCHANDISE AT
I
:'ua . .
Stirring Values Are Offered on Oar Main and Second Floors For Tomorrow
IT IS IMPORTANT TO REMEMBER THAT WE DO NOT AT AN YTIME SELL WFERIOR GCO SO vnu
RUN NC RISK CF GETTING THEM HERE, EVEN DURING THE CLEARANCE PERIOD THF SMLL
LCTS THAT REIVIAIN FROM THE PAST FEW MONTHS ARE BEING CLEARED OUT AT lW
PRICES. EVEN ON MOST OF OUR REGULAR LINcS, WHERE ASSORTMENTS oVA, Kyff
JL
RICE REDUCTIONS HAVE BEEN HEAVY.
S.
Senator Joseph C RansdtlU left above, and Hambridjre Cotby oLjU
Fhippsns board, right, fclow, Senator Duncan E.-Fletcher.
2y. that . to do W!lh shipping will he held in Washington January.
to urte tne neod of Airierican shin? for Am?ricnn mmnwrfo a
oepartment of jrovei iner.t to deal with shipninj: questions may be recom
rsenoed. Tne conference was invited by Senator Joseph E. KansdelL'
Senator tlvtcaer will take nart in it.
spend-'::-
Lossid vr;r?
Feb. 1. Corre-
? ? tfi-.cea Col. E. M. Hcuse.
as the .A i-.c.-.r.n representative on the
suj:rcr"3 var co-n;i!. and the foreign
mir. i:?r c Gr?2t Britain, France ad
Italy, si o-vla- tfca- criciu and develop
ment cf te coKsnission for world
food rt'icf wit.- II-rbert C. Hoover, a.;
director Fe.-rjl, wr.3 made public to
d? t"- -t-irp d?sn.rtme:'t.
The: original plan as suggested by
Pi to. 'iv... ..1-h-a proviJuii;, nmzif,
other tin;:;.-, for the use of German
passenger tor.nace in returning: Amer
t Icaa asd Ei itish troops home and car
rying food on the return trips, was
accepted subject to a few changes
recommended by the French govern
ment and approved by the other pov
emrr.tnts. These included provision
for a commission to direct the work
trrorch the director-general rather
tb?n that this responsibility be left
with the supreme war counciL
. Th3 correspondence shows that the
acivhirs of the organization contem
rlate -dd for enemy populations as
w. il as f?r those liberated frooi
frr. -r y yoro urA the neutrals ccn:iga
ojs 10 en---my countries. The enemy
"'- T-ay for th-'-ir j:UD2liS. h:t r.m-.pv
w v;l fcA I sn3d ct'.:er nr-.iens for the
Ii'-'I-ase rf iurph'es. except in some
f-a.-e.s w. ere charity would be ceces
sary. I
cerned. if neutral countries prepare a
practicaoie plan for submission to the
conference th3 representatives of the
great poweis will be glad to consider
it. although it mist he a plan contain
1:1 ccncrc-ce issues and not theoreti-
cr l so'iuaors dra-vn upon purer.
i:ie -ionic3 dortnre has given
satifaicry results in practice, whicr
j-i..es 11s iuitner application as a
nodel of operation. The league o
"atiens ccu'd appoint the American
nations themselves as the mandatorier
f?r the execution of its principles re-
reins territorial integrity so far as
these principles affect American coun
tries. In this manrer tlie United
States and the Latin-American repub
lics cc jld act m conformity with their
policy already established."
Lord Roberts added that if the Eu
ropean action were excluded in the
American continent, the occasion
might arise when an American na
tion might unjustly demand it from
European interests. To avoid this, it
would be advisable that a court of
similar institution be formed by the
American countries themselves to con
sider and decide the sanctions applic
able in each case.
MILK ANALYSIS FOR
WEEK EllOlliS Jill, 3 1
BRITON PRAISES
MONROE DOCTRINE
The analysis of milk samples sub-
r.'.ted to t.ie city and county bac
".erio!oi"i?t for the week ending Janu
ary SI. follows:
Pet.
Fat
F. Guerrero 4.3
W. S. Havs 4 6
A. M. Collins 4.5
T. Coiley A 4.2
J. Conley B 3.5
Hillside Dairy 5.
Busy Eee Fruit Market. 3.
1 Eisbee Creamery 3.5
j Standard 3.4
A. Kar3tn 3.2
! T 1 - . r . : .
San Jose 3.
Pet.
Water
S6.H
SS.1C
S5.20
S7.5fi
SS.02
S5.72
87.60
S7.6
SS.12
'88.7S
87.99
S7.S0
WMer Silks
sraphs shows how German sians have
been placed on all streets and shops
and attempts have been made to uer-
nanize each district occupied. j
at Notable
Savings
Under ordinary conditions, you could
never hope tc get such fine silks under
priced, even at the Season's close. But
conditions are far from ordinary! The
assortment embraces the choicest weaves,
the most desirable colorings in stripes and
plaids; qualities are superb; prices speak
for themselves. 36 inches wide, values to
$2.50, special $1.49
A BARGAIN IN SERGES
TURNING FROM FRANCE. i
John J. Gibbons, formerly with the
American Express company in Bisbee,
infantry in France, is en route back j -
to his home in the Warren district. ! n
telegram to friends here yesterday: 3
Th
3lc
esesersres can
be h:
:c in airr.ost any
color, and are consiaered cheap at 5 I .Zj
For a quick Clearance, special S5c
A.
7
Storm aod Frencii Serges
Storm and French sergs, wool, crepes,
etc. You will find a big choirce in this
lot. Comes in many different colors.
$2.00 values, special $1.49
Pretty Wool Plaids
We have a large assortment of the pretty
plaids in many colorings. .They have
been reduced in price, in order to be quick
ly reduced in quality. 36 inches wide,
$1.25 values, special 95c
from Xew York told of l.is arrival
n Anifrifan kiv.i Via uoe xt--t-nA. i n
iv, -j j uuucii : Si
wice in acticn and is returned to i
:his country for discharge. He is es a
e iea c'jme mis weeK.
z
FIGHT BANDITS IN AIR
EL PASO. Texas. Feb. 1. Negotia
tions are under aar hftn-ooTi no-onto t 1
eastern airplane manufacturers ' and j
ippreseuiauves 01 ine Jtexican gov-N
ernmeni nere ror tne purchase of 35
V s 1 . .. . t
uigu uu erea Domoins manes rnr the
use of Gen. Jesus Agustin Castro, com
mander at Chihuahua City in pursuing
and bombing Francisco Villa's bandits
from the air. Permission will be ask
ed of the United States government ,
for the exportation of the planes to
Mexico.
' W
Knit UNDERWEAR
Vomeas and (Mdrcns
hese special values give you the
portunity to buy fine knit union
'ts and separate garments at sub-
antlal savtngs. Ttis is tae sort
i good underwear that you would
ce
... Jt. :rm I . . sail.
Lji -w;.?s-f-,i jie-;"--"i imaruv oe ciaa to cav iuu nri
W'5-A,1 .ollpwing low prices:
vl.50 values, special $1.20
i.OO values, special $1.60
50 values, special $2X0
?3.50 values, special $2.80
$5.50 vr.htes. special - $4.40
Comforts- BlanketsQ
At. Great Savings
All Blankets and Comforts now in
stock marked at very special prices
Here are just the bod coverings
you need now, and will again next
winter. Qualit
and with prices
to buy gene
vi t .
!0
alities are of the best A s
ices so low it will pay t$$$ ( M-fM
rously: . feA
lues, special $1.20 $tm:-Hj1
lues, special $2.00 lj
lues, special $4.00 V ' '
$1.50 v
$2.50 values
$5.00 va
5C.00 values, special $4.S0
?10.C0 values, special $3.03
?15.00 values, special $12.00
V" Review !.isl Vir
LONIiO.V, Feb l (British Wireless1
Service). Lord Robert Cecil, British : HEARS FROM BROTHER,
authority cn a league of nations. ; L- L. Postert of Ixwe!l has received
praised the Monroe doctrine in an in- a letter from his brother. George, who
ierwe today, resaraicz the interest ' is now with the American nrm- f
or neutral countries, especially Latin
America, In a league of nations.
"Xeutral countries cannot, of coarse,
take part in denberaficn" directly con
cerning war problems," he said, "but
bo far as a le?gue of rations is con-
army
occupation in Germany. Along with
the letter came a German helmet and
a collection of photographs showing
how the Hun battered up villages and
ciLici in the war area. One of the
interesting features of the photo-
GREAT clearance ! 5 Remnants-ON OUR BARGAIN BOOTH-Remnants
Tomorrow our Bargain Booth will be teeming with the remnants of all descriptions. Come in and share with us
in this big clean'up. There will be among this lot, merchandise in various odd lengths and materials, so there will
sure be something that will appeal to you.
Waists and Underwear
EVERY GARMENT IN THE
STORE WILL BE SOLD
AT LESS THAN COST
Including the new spring styles
will go in this sale.
to
WE MUST
pay on our
RAISE $5,000
loss by burglary.
WE WILL ACCEPT LIBERTY
BONDS AND W. S. S.
SAME AS CASH
IC-RUITMAN'S
ASHION SHOP : : :
1
Opp. American Express Co.
Phone 74 Main St.
CMldrea's Dresses at Lowered Prices
14 OFF '
Children's Dresses in serge and silk and serge combina
tions. Every dress is carefully made of serviceable fab
rics, suitable for school and everyday wear, as well as
for dress occasions are included, OFF.
$ 5.95 values $ 4.46
$ 7.50 values $ 5.63
$ 8.95 values $ 6.70
$12.50 values $ 9.35
$15.00 values .....-.$11.25
$16.50 values $12.35
$17.50 values $13.15
$18.50 values $13.83
$19.50 values $14.65
$21.50 values $16.15
$29.50 values $22.15
Women's & Children's Gating Flannel
Gowns and Pajamas y4 OFF
Every woman and child who can possibly use a new
outing flannel sleeping garment should avail herself of
the remarkably low prices now offered here.- Virtu
ally our entire stock of outing flannel garments is on
sale at greatly reduced prices :
$1.00 val., special $ .75
$1.25 val., special $ .95
$2.00 val., special $1.50
$2.25 val., special $1.70
$2.50 val., special $1.SS
$2.95 val., special $2.20
$3.50 val., special $2.65
THE MEN WHO ARE DIRECTING POLAND'S FIGHT FOR FREEDOM
V f
."T . St ' v'. . : .
..V ' .y ' ..i- ri v
af k-
i.: -rtz ih;..t.- ; ,?
-u ;--v--;:-- C py O
J : i a
J : if : t-l
Women's Knitted Sacquesand Shawls
OFF
i - j-J v.w.n.i ,.."i..ier wra-:
p.k v.t'ccitc on a cocl sura-
..: $1.6?
$2.20
- .... ...... . $2o
$3.70
a .ii ... dc (
rr.er evening:
Ip.25 value, special
5;:..y5 value, specif
' -Ire " rirl
1 A
Winter Footwear , at Great Savings
Women's and Children's Qt
Bath Robes -14 OFF ,W
hicce or L:e
iy best bath robe flannels,
11. . Ui icicus p;--tty styles and colors and jf
originally marked very low. In order to ti
reduce the stock we offer them ' OFF. K
n.
Ignace Padwewski, Polish president, in center. ith Major Jo.4eph F. Kaslowski. at left, and CapL J. .Marten, at
right, his chief aides.
rIT: Padrewski. famous the became president of his native ; speaks of Germany and a-ainst the
" Tu Ver 33 U3jcian' '? now land when it declared its inde- j Bolsheviki- Recent spatche!
a0nrtntI4Part m 5 : Pence- Poland is warring stated that rerewski already
rfwiMy cf I otand. He recently ! 9K,rrt Cwny, !.?ytbine tbt ! ba, dodged Bolsheviki bulleU.
$10.00 value, special ....
$1 1.50 value, special
$12.50 value, special
$15.00 value, special ....
$7.50
$3.65
$9.45 I
$11.25
n
The big stocks ad
irrs offered here ir
men's, men's a d
dren's winter shos a -establishing
new r?ccrd
Certainly there will be nc
better time fcr you ti !ur
winter shoes; stocks 3
complete: all sizes. 1-rt"
and leathers bei-sr
eluded, and prices offer ;'
are low.
Onting Flannel Kimonas- OFF
Tliis is a very desirable item and. comes in many pretty
figured designs, exceptionally fine quality of outing:
$1.95 values, special $1.45
$2.50 values, special $1.S8
$2.95 values, special $2.20
$3.50 values, special $2.65
'M
ivK in i r V f
-a 1 1 iitJ J
rivmjmaterm "''VI-"