mktt
WEATHER
Fourteen Pages
Sunday and Monday
fair; no chanse in
temperature.
TWO SECTIONS
V
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOL 21, NO. 216.
AIRS8
PREHiEn
Ruth i
i nnimi
ruiiMi
; 1
1 '
PRESS SITS
OPENING
MEETING
DELEGATES
American, British and Italian
Newspaper Men Plan Fight
if Secrecy Rule Impedes
Flow of News to Countries
American Correspondents In
form Delegations of Condi
tions Necessitating "Attend
ance Five Representatives
(F.y Review Iensert TVire)
PARIS, wan- 18. The first rormal
session of the peace conference was
opened freely to the press or all na
tions. How many of the succeeding
sessions will by the decisions of the
conterence te held in camera has not
been indicated, but the American
newspapermen, and probably also the
British and Italian, are preparing to
re-open the question of publicity if
they shouid decide that the flow of
news is impeded by rules of secrecy.
In a formal communication to the
conference, the Americans assumed
that the rule forbidding the delegates
to discuss the doiugs of the confer
ence with the correspondents would
not be enforced. While no announce
ment on this subject ha3 been made,
it is learned on the authority of dele
gates that ih rule does still obtain.
Settlement Next Week.
What action the correspondents
will tak2 will probably be developed
next week, when the exact character
of the press representation and the
number to be admitted to the confer
ence wiil be detefminej.
Following is the text of the com
munication sent by American news
papermen to the supreme council:
"The American press delegation ac
knowledges the reply of the peace
conference to the resolutions ad
dressed to them. The delegation
notes that the decision "that repre
sentatives of the press shall be ad
mitted to the meetings of the full
conference' is an acceptance of the
principle of direct press representa
tion tor which the press of America,
Great Britain and Italy and smaller
nations contended.
"The value of this principle, how
ever, turns on the extent and fre
quency of its limitations in practice.
The peace conference announces Its
intention to limit to the extent that
on necersary occasions the delibera
tions of the conference may be held
in camera. Without assent on our
part to tiiis limitation we trust that
if ever it is applied, the public will
be advised through the press at the
outset of each session in camera of
the subject to be discussed and tho
(Continued on Page Three)
VILLA BAND NEARS BORDER
MARFA. Tex., Jan. 18. Rumors
reached here tonight from the
border that Francisco Villa, with
his main command and General
Felipe Angeles with his rebel
force, were moving in the general
AMERICAN GREETS MEXICAN
Jl'AREZ. Mex., Jan. IS. Brig.
Gen. Jjimes J. Hornbrook. com
mander of the American border
military district will pay a formal
call upon General Jesus Augustin
Castro, sub-secretary of war and
commander of the military zone
of the northeast here tomorrow,
according to the present arrange
TRUAX PICKETING CASE WILL
GO TO U. S. SUPREME COURT
(Review IVinri.lx RureaUJ
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Jan. 18. The
case of William Truax and Wil
liam A. Truax, co-partners, ap
pellants, against Michael Corri
pan. I'ishee local. No. 2S0. of the
Cook, and Winters' union of Bis
heo. and oth-is, appellees, known
as "i!;e picket inc case." will j;et a
liearir in the Uiii'nd ?taten su
pre'tie court.
This is a case in which the state
supreme court recently held that
the state law permitting picket
SINN FEINERS'
PARLIAMENT
TO MEET SOON
DUBLIN. Jan. IS (By the Associated
Press). Sinn Fein officials announced
today that ihe meeting of the Irish re
publican parliament next Tuesday will
be open to the press and punlie on
presentation of tickets obtainable at
Sinn Fein headquarters. Representa
tion will be confined to elected mem
bers of the parliament, but unsuccess
ful candidates and men occupying gov
ernment positions will participate.
A conference was held in Dublin
Castle today at which the lord lieu
tenant, the lord chancellor, the com
mander of the forces, the attorney
general and solicitor general consider
ed the situation.
Differences cf opinion are believed
to exist as to whether It would be
wiser to ignore Tuesday's assembly
and proceed only against acts of in
timidation or violence, or whether the
assembly should be suppressed as Il
legal. A majority of the people expect that
the former view will prevail.
WOMEN LEADERS OF
RUSSIANS IN U. S.
(Rv P.rvtrw I-eaKMl Vlrei
VICTORIA, R C. Jan. 18. Cath
erine Breshskovskaya, known as the
"grandmother of the Russian revolu
tion," arrived here today from the.
i Orient aboard the Japanese trans-
Pacilic liner Kama Maru. She is
ing from here to Seattle and from
there to Washington, D. C, and Bos
ton. Mass. (
- Madame Breshskovskaya, who is
deaf, declined to say much for publi
cation. "All 1 have to say," she said,
"is said in the Orient." Newspapers
in the Orient, It was said by her fel
low passengers, carried articles signed
by her. . ' -
AMERICAN MEETS VISITOR.
rPv Review Leased Wire)
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 18. Hiss
Helen Stuart Dudley, settlement work
er of Boston, Mots., is here to meet
Mme. Breshskovskaya and to escort
her east. Miss Dudley said she has
known Mme. Breshskovskaya for
vears.
COLLECT FOR ORPHANS.
ir-.v Kevietr Lensed Wire)
BOSTON. Mass., Jan. IS. Miss
Alice Stone Blackwell, president of
the Massachusetts Woman Suffrage
association, when told of the arrival
of Catherine Breshskovskaya, at Vic
toria, B. C. scid she thought the Rus
sian revolutionist would devote her
efforts in America to collecting funds
for Russian orphans.
Miss Blackwell, who has been In
close touch, 'with Mme. Breshskovs
kaya for many years, discredited
statements made in this country that
political significance was attached to
her visit and said reports that she
intended to proceed to the peace con
ference came from "untrustworthy
sources."
Many Seek Speaker.
"Since It has been rumored that
Mme. Breshskovskaya was coming to
America," said Miss Blackwell. "I
have had requests from organizations
in all parts of the United States who
(Continued on Page Three)
direction of the American border
at San Antonio, Chihuahua, oppo
site Candelaria. Tex. No rebel
bands have been reported closer
than 50 miles of the border to
night, however.
ments'. General Castri, accom
panied by Gov. Andres Ortiz or
Chihuahua, is scheduled to ar
rive on a special train here to
morrow for an Inspection of the
northern border. He will prob
ably return General Hornbrook's
call at Fort Bliss, Tex., before re
turning south.
ing by striking employes is con
stitutional. The appellants In
this case took the "80 per cent"
law, enacted by the same legisla
ture that passed the "picketing"
law, to the supreme court of the
Fnited States, where It was de
clared unconstitutional.
Several other states have sim
ilar picketing laws, but the su
preme court of the United States
has never pa.ssed upon any of
them. In Massachusetts the su
preme court of that slate declared
its picketing law unconstitutional.
frM8TT
MIL
IFJHNE
AFTER
BITTER
III
III
vl
"In a moment of danger, nobody has : verse Bohemia and part of Austria.
' tlm ri;lii to refuse public service. In i By selling to the Czechs, the Poles,
n,;o HiitiiPLftlfBn DnrvuVrin a democratic state the only men able who possess a majority of the coal
respire WUispoK.en wppusiu-ii to KrVHrn nre tlK)se wbo are obedient I mines, which, supply the Czechs and
Leaders Expect to Pass the to people. The new government lAustrians, hope to obtain the right of
. , . . . 'will not he a party one. We further j passage to Vienna. Poles have been
Measure Monday; Hoover declare that in order to succeed, the; much concerned over the recent ad
. o i .i . Polish republic must be considered as.vances of the Czechs, who have been
0y It-view l.ras'i) Wire) ,liu!uen:. ; cad. ilefeud the frontiers;. Regarding the bolsheviki danger it
WASHINGTON. Jan. 1. After . third, lii'lp the working classes; fourth i is generally believed that M. Padere
many hours of debate Jh senate secure f. od and other supplies; fifth, ! wskis task will be to use the army
failed to teach a vote on the bill, rebuild th coiton and v.oolen mills: ' of General Haller as the nucleus for
alresdy passed by the house, appro-' sixth, the regulation of finances and a national army of half a million men
priating SlOO.OOO.uut) tor Kuropeun the t-ri ut ing of internal and foreign . under enforced service, rather- than
famine relief, as urged by President lov.ns: si-v".th. to establish order." .the voluntary system which has p re
Wilson. M. Paderewski informed the corre-' vailed to date, permitting the forma-
Despite the outspoken opposition, of tpondent that before coming to War- tion of red guards,
some members, republican and demo-; saw he had officers from foreign bank-' It is pointed out that the allies have
cratic leaders expressed the belief ink syndicates to make .my necessary abundant supplies of arms, ammuni
jhat the measure would be put loans for bringing in raw materials 1 tion, shoes and clothing which they
through Monday. They had hoped, to with which to give work to the thou- can immediately ship. The Poles
pass it before adjournment tonight, 'sands who are idle in manufacturing make efficient an5 brave soldiers and
Democratic Leaut r Martin and "n- centers like Icdz. In view cf the are anxious to serve against the bol
ator Lodge spoke in favor of the 'high price? existing here and in Rus-i sheviki. In the operations for the lib
measure while Senators Purh cf sia it is believed certain that Poland eration of Lemberg they detnonstrat
Idaho and Kenyon of Iowa, repub- will mifckly make up the losses due d their spirit and capacity.
Means, led the opposition. .Senator
Myers of Montana, democrat, also Faid
he could not support the bill.
Lack of Authority.
The opposition largely was based .
on alleged lack of authority by con
gress to appropriate money, raised
from the people by taxation, for Euro
pean charity and also bei a use. it was
asserted, sufficient information jus-
tifying the appropriation had not :
been submitted to congress. !
Objection to teeding pyordea of: .,", ... . , ,0
enemy countries also was ruis.d and : SALT LAKE. Cm. Ltah, Jan. 18.
the senate adopted tin amendment by, Representatives cj '.va western
Senator Ixidge, adding -Austria, Tor- states gathered in conference here to
key and Bulgaria, besides Germany, to ,ay pave impetus to the movement
the countries which hail not saare in launched by Secretary of the Interior) the armcred cruiser South Dakota
distribution of the funds. The Lodg-s Franklin K. Luna for settlement otjwent thrcuj-h a storm f"o days out
amendment provides, however, tlat it .nldicrs and sailors on public lands, ' from Brest, described by naval offic
shall not prevent food distribution to particularly lands in the west. i ers on the warship as one of the most
the peoples of Armenia, SHa, Greece : Contemplating the probable expen-i tempestuous they had ever expert-
and the Christian and Jewish people dit-ire of hundreds of millions of dol
under the yoke of enemy governments. ; lars. fhe deliberations of the confer
During the debate, Herbert Hoover. ; ence were extended over to' toiiior
American food administrator, was ; row wlien it developed that the matter
sharply attacked by Senators Borah was too gianf'c to permit of hurried
anJ Kenyon, who charged that his . action. A committee was appointed to
administration had favored the meat ' prepare resolutions which would indi
packera. Senator Borah also asserted ' cato to what extent the western states
that Mr. Hoover's work had been car-1 represented were behind the interior
ried out without thought of the inter-: department's movement, but theccm
ests of American taxpayers. Under ' mittee did not have time to formulate
Mr. Hoover's administration. Senator its resolutions before adjournment to
Borah said, the packers had made day.
larger profits in 1917 than ever be-j The committee was requested to In
lore and he demanded that President elude in Its report a section favoring
Wilson have the European work action by all sitting legislatures In
placed in the hands of sftme one more , consequence with a tentative draft of
responsible to taxpayers interests. 'a law for co-operation between the
Cites Precedents. state and the federal government pro-
In support of the bill. Senator Mar- vlding means for settlement of sol
tin cited precedents, dating buck to diers and sailors on public lands and
1912, of similar relief appropriations the creation of a settlement fund by
by congress and Senator od'e said each commonwealth in the nation,
ll.e 51O0M'0,o0O appropriation wasi The committee on resolutions Is as
necessary to carry out the general follows:
work of tliis nation in concluding the' Joseph R. Baum, Arizona; Francis
war. : Cuttle. California: Clyde C. Dawson,
Opposition - developed immediately 'Colorado; E. W. Griffith. Nevada; W.
after Senator Martin called Bp the S. Hopewell. New Mexico; James B.
bill. Senator Myers demanded to True, Wyoming; W. R. Wallace, Utah,
know under what conditions congress George Albert Smith, president of the
could raise money by taxes and then national irrigation congress, was made
"practically give it away to foreigu a member of the committed as a
people." . .courtesy to that organization.
Senator Martin said such relief ap-! State3 represented at the confer
propriations had teen made many en e are Nevada, Wyoming. California,
times and cited a number of prece-1 Arizona. Colorado, New Mexico and
dents including the appropriation of Utah. New Mexico is represented by
?!OU,o'uo for Italian earthquake sul-, I-- M. Recce and W. S. Oswald; Colo
fcrers in 1909. rado by L. G. Carpenter, C. C. Daw-
Senator Kenvcn declared he did not Bcn anl w J- Gallagher and Arizona
believe it proper that the people of F Sidew and Joseph R. Baum.
this country should be compelled to : "
give to a charity funj for the aid of
foreign nations and that the relief
should be carried out through private
subscriptions. He contended that
congress had r.o rifjht to take tn
money rtt the people by taxation an
give it away without their consent.
He saw no reason why the bill should
be passed, as it is indefinite, and de
dared that President Wilson got his
information only from Mr. Hoover.
Infers Secret Diplomacy.
"Perhaps this is the result of secret
aid. -I wish the president would
serve notice that if the foreign na
tions insist on the secret diplomacy
now going c.n at Paris that he and his
staff will return to this country and
also withdraw our army from Europe
and let Europe do It alone.'
Referring to President Wilson's
statement that food would stop bol
shevism. Senator Kenyon declared:
"You will stop the bolsheviki. not
I y feeding them, but by removing in
just Ires."
Before civitig reli- f to Europe the
situation In the United States rlio'i'd
be censiilere-.', Seia':r Kenyon said,
adding that 2'10,000 men are out of
(Continued on Pare Thr)
WUNfyPaderewski Ministry
priirrMai Defeat Bolsheviki
I a I I II II I!y Review l,ease Wire) to German robbery and destruction of
ltlLriiLS J WARSAW, Friday. Jan. 17. The Polish factories which were intended
PnlKh miiiistrv formed hv Ienace Jan I triva Honnanv the entire market
, Padarewski, apparently meets the
socialists. They have, threatened a!
j general stiike if the Paderewskl min-
B .-.I'stry "nolds office until the elections ; iih a Paris-Warsaw express. It Is
57 II A iT 10 t!le lla,ic"al assembly which arc. believed the Czecho-Slovak govern
lk 1 1 I l" ; l:1,!nn,';' for middle of February, lincnt will not raise too great objec
I B 1 1J ill In a note to the Folish people on at- t ions to this plan. In order to reach
ceptir? office. M. Paderewski said: ; Pnloml the train .would have to tra-
an
cf the allies.
Outlines Broad Program
"Oiir program is: First, call a par-
STATES TO SECURElTRANSPORT MEETS
FARMS FOR YANKS HIGH ROUGH SEAS
VICTIMS
I OF OWN TACTICS
P.KKLIN. Friday. Jan. 17 (By the
ssoci.'.ted Press). "Liebknecht and
Lusemburc fell as victims of their own
'rorist tactics
said Phllipp Sehe'de-
mann, secretary for foreign affairs in
the Kbert cabinet, in a speech at Cas
sel today.
The socialist newspaper Vorwaerts,
n-ViOf nniii)..iiii,lir t V. Irm-hini. nf ihtt
g ,n lmderlM; 8),e9 thpir
death t-. natural result of the vic
tims' aipeal to the lowest passion of
violence.
While the Independent socialists of
BavatVt a'ld other parts of Germany
;re ci u ering to consolidate the
two s-ocHl'st parties, independent of
rreater l eitiii, in their two news
papers they appeal to ttw working
mi
ag:
t, for a general strike as a Potest
ainst the "domination of military
aitsrchy
ap-'jiere and in Russia.
One of the first steps of Minister of
Railv.avs Kberhard will abe to estab-
invading the coal and oil districts of
Galicia. claiming this was being done
with the permission of the allies.
(Py Review Leaned Wire)
NEW YORK. Jan. 1S. Coast artil
lery men from Ccunecticut and scat
tered states and- aero, construction
troops from Pennsylvania. Iowa and
Oklahoma., who reached port today on
enced.
Officers Are Injured
Mountainous waves buffeted the
vessel, and one demolished the pilot
house, injuring Captain Luby, Com
mander Caldwell and a number of of
ficers and sailors on duty. Commander
Caldwell was disabled for a week and
his companions were badly cut and
bruised.
In the midst of the storm, with
waves at times running 40 feet high,
two army surgeons performed an ope
ration for appendicitis upon a soldier
aboard the South Dakota.
When the condition of Cpl. E. O.
Williams of the 56th Coast Artillery
was pronounced dangerous, the war
vessel lay to in order to facilitate the
operation. Lashed to the table, the
surgeons accomplished their delicate
task between lurches of the ship and
today the artillery man was removed
to a hospital on the way to recovery.
OTHERS EN ROUTE HOME
(By Review Lea.el Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18. Departure
from French ports of the battleships
New Jersey and Nebraska and the
transports Haverford, Maui and Zee
laudia with returning troops, was an
nounced today by the war department.
The New Jersey is due January 27
with about 50 officers and 1700 men
of the following units: 11th battalion.
20th Engineers, composed of headquar
ters, medical detachment and detach
ments from the 32d. 33d and 34th com
panies; First and Second railroad ar
tillery ordnance repair shops; 4S0th
and 4Slst aero squadron; 13 casual
officers; detachment from 106th saui
tary train. The railroad repair shops,
480th aero squadron and the sanitary
train troops have been assigned to
Camp Meade, Maryland, and the 4Slst
aero squadron to Ft. Slocum, New
York,
Many Units Aboard
The Nebraska, also due January 27.
has on board the Sllth'fleld battalion
signal corps complete, en route to
Camp Grant, and the medical detach
ment, headquarters and Companies E
and I) of the 421st telegraph battalion,
signal corps, which will be divided be-
it ween Camps Dodge. Iowa, and Meade
The beadquartMTs, supply detachment.
and Companies E and D of the 422d
telegraph battalion also on board, will
be divided between Ft. Wood, N. Y..
and Camp Meade. Other troops on the
Nebraska are casual Company No. 223
(Maryland) and a few casual offic
ers. The Haverford. due January 30. Is
bringing nearly 2000 officers and men.
The 65th regiment, coast artillery,
complete, is on board with casual
company of rolored troops from Mary
land and 37 sick and wounded of
ficers. The Maul In due January 23 with
t n -f h ,oner ,nfan.
(Pentinufd en Tnc Thr-)
fGflf EMT OF
BODY HU5?
OF BOLD CRiME
Officials Seek Bruised, Bat
tered Corpse of Rosa Lux
emburg, Liebknecht's Chief
Lieutenant in Bolshevism
BERLIN. Friday, Jan. 17 (By the
Associated, Press). At a late hour to
night the whereabouts of the bruised,
battered and bullet perforated body of
Rosa Luxemburg, chief lieutenant of
the late Dr. Karl Liebknecht, leader
of the Spartacans, continues to be the
most puzzling feature of the tragedy
which brought to a temporary halt all
Spartacan and bolsheivk! activities in
Germany). Ttie military authorities
I Are still investigating the action of
the commanding officer, assigned to!
I the motor car, which was supposed to
carry the woman to jail, and wbicn
halted Just long enough to permit a
! stranger to jump on the running board
and fire the fatal shot, after which
1 . w i ..H .. ; .1 v
body and disappeared.
The date of the internment of the
body of Liebknecht has not yet heen
decided upon, but it was stated to-;
day that the dead Spartacan leader j
would not be buried In Berlin. It is:
not unlikely that any attempt to make;
j his funeral the pretext for a big dem
onstration would meet with prompt'
! opposition by the military government,!
which for the present is prohibiting1
street parades. I
Spartacans Discouraged j
The city has been so completely I
garrisoned with new troops as to din-1
courage the Spartacans from attempt-j
ir.g any propaganda at this time. With j
the death cf the two leaders, the Red!
Flag also disappeared from the list of
Berlm's revolutionary journals. It was
floated in the early weeks of the rev
olution by Liebknecht and Rosa Lux
emburg, as the official organ of the
I German bolsheviki. for which purpose
Russian rubles were available in con
spicuous profusion. The Red Flag's
editorial rooms have been occupied by
government troops. Herr Myer and
Herr Marcussou, co-editors with Lieb
knecht and Rosa Luxemburg. also
have fled. Die Freiheit. the organ of!
the Independent socialists, appears to!
fhave assumed the editorial legacy be
queathed by the Red Flag, as the
newspaper seems to have become the
official mouthpiece of the German bol-
sneviKL
OBJECT TO ARMISTICE j
BERLIN. Friday, Jan. 17 (By the;
Associated Press). Chiefs of depart-
ments in the German government, es-1
peelally the ministers of commerce,
and of trade, protest against accept-1
ance by the government delegates of
the latest armistice conditions, the ,
fulfillment of which, they declare,:
"means for Germany the organized j
perpetration of starvation." i
The minister of commerce and la
bor, according to the Tageblatt. de-
(Contlnued on Pa Five)
LOYALTY
Too many people look upon the newspaper as a non -personal insti
tution; they lose sight of the fact, that after all. a newspaper Is but the
evidence of personal thought and character of a man. or a group of men.
As an Institution it can show a loyalty to its home town interests
equal to that displayed by individuals whose home and business inter
ests are in that town. But. unfortunately when a newsiaper desires to be,
and is loyal to the interests of its, fellow townsmen, reciprocity by the
latter Is sometimes discouraging to the newspaper's good intentions.
For. example
The newspapers of the smaller cities have been, and are. sollctted to
sell advertising space to various out of town concerns: mail order houses,
retail stores in neighboring larger cities, etc With the interest of their
own merchants at heart, many of these newspapers have spurned these
offers although this action meant an actual cash loss to the paper. It
Vas a time of temptation sales of liberal spaces to firms who are able,
ready and willing to pay their accounts promptly. Put these staunch
principled newspapers protected their fellow men by refusing to carry
advertising of out of town businesses that were competitive to local Inter
ests.
But what does th newspaper get for Its loyalty?
Does it get the full support of every advertiser in its town? No. And
such is human nature, that, should the paper accept "foreign" ads. the fel
low to make the most fuss would likely be the same chap who did little or
no advertising In that paper himself.
The town that has a newspaper loyal enough to refuse advertisements
of out-of-town businesses that are competitive to local merchants. Is to be
congratulated. There I a very definite amount of appreciation due from
the local merchants and they cannot show trst appreciation In a manner
more pleasing to the newspaper and profitable to themselves than by
buying space more space.
Tiiere Is no double standard to loyalty.
THE REVIEW IS YOUR PAPER. MR. BISBEE MERCHANT.
REVIEW ADVERTISING PAYS CERTAIN, SURE AND EVER INCREAS
ING RESULTS.
iivunLU rrjut
FIRST DDK
I PROGRAM
M. Clemenceauf Announces
Subjects to Be Considered
When Replying to Wilson
and Premier Lloyd George
Congress Must Determine Re
sponsibility for War, for
Crimes of War, and Inter
national Labor Legislation
PARIS. Jan. 18 (By the Associated
Press.) The peace congress, destined
to be historic and on which the eyes
of thn world are now centered, was
opened this afternoon in the great
Salle de la Paix. The proceedings,
which were confined to the election
of Georges Clemenceau, the French
premier, as permanent chairman of
the conference, an address of welcome
by the president of the French repub
lic, Raymond Poincare, and speeches
by President Wilson, Premier Lloyd
George and B'ton Sounir.o, were char
acterized by expressions of lasting
friendship and the apparent determi
nation of the representatives of the
various nations to come to an amica
ble understanding with respect to the
problems to be decided by the confer
ence. When President Poincare spoke, the
entire assembly stood, and the fact
that, according to custom, no applause
greeted his utterance gave greater sol
emnity to the scene.
Defines Responsibilities
M. Clemenceau's acceptance of the
presidency of the congress was both a
feeling expression of personal grati
tude and a definite outline of the great
questions immediately ahead. Three of
these larger general subjects he de
fined as responsibility for the war. re-
sponsibility for crimes during the war.
and international labor legislation.
The league ot nations, be declared,
was at the head ot the program for
the next full session.
"Our ambition Is a great and noble
one." said M. Clemenceau. "We wish
to avoid a repetition of the catastro
phe which bathed the world in blood.
If the league of nations is to be prac
ticable we must all remain united. Let
us carry out our program quickly and
in an effective manner.
Referring to the authors of the war
he said he had consulted two eminent
jurists on the penalties which could
be imposed on the former German em-
(OntinueJ on Pass Three)
" - TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1919.
WHITE SILK Q Q
HOSE, pair . . OOC
J 4-inch, pure silk, Boot Hose, wide elastic
lisle tops, double heel toe and sole where the
wear comes most. All perfect, and at a big
saving, and that is the very reason you
should buy them now, 8 ( to 10, sale,
pair 82c
USEFUL, LONG LIVED HUCK TOWELS
19c EACH
Of good weight, plain white and sti ipcd
ends. These Luck towels are an unusual offer
and deserve purchase in dozen lots, sale,
each 19c
SOFT WHITE BATH TOWELS, 32c EACH
You can appreciate the importance of these
when both towels usually sell for so much
more. Large size, each 32c
90-IN. PURE LINEN SHEETING, $1.S9 YD.
Snow white is the 90 inch linen sheeting,
good weight and at this price and when linens
are almost impossible to get, its cheaper than
buying cotton. Sale, yd $1.69
BEAUTIFUL HUCK, LINEN TOWELING
49c YARD
r- Just 200 yards of this beautiful toweling in
10 pretty patterns, 18 and 20 inch widths,
Monday at this price,, yard 49c
36 IN. SOFT FINISH BLEACHED MUSLIN,
18c YARD
500 yards good quality, soft finish, bleach
ed muslin, for underwear and domestic use at,
yard 18c
WHITE IVORY, Vz PRICE
Including, Mirrors, Brushes, Trays, Soap
Boxes, Jewel Boxes, Manicuring outfits and
dozens of other useful articles of pretty white
ivory, on sale at xz PRICE.
36-IN. SOFT FINISH NAINSOOK, 19c YD.
200 yards soft finish Nainsook, desirable fof
underwear. A particularly lowered price for
the White Sale, yard ,, .' 19c
LADIES PURE LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS
5 FOR $1.00
Ladles' handkerchiefs of fine Irish linen 'e
inch hem, lowered in price for White Sale,
5 for $1.00
WOMENS PRETTY NECKWEAR 2 PRICE
Dozens and dozens of pretty styles in satin,
crepe de chine, georgette and organdies; some
trimmed with lace and embroidery, others
hand embroidered. All the newest styles,
Vz PRICE.
FINAL CLEARANCE
Silk Dresses
REDUCTIONS EXTRAORDINARY
One lot of women's dresses of silk, satins
and georgettes, not all sizes, but a good as
sortment. Their low price is only possible
because of the sizes, while they last.l..$9.95
FINAL CLEARANCE
Silk and Serge Dresses
$
One big lot of silk, satin, georgette and
serge dresses in up to the minute styles,
including dresses that sold for more than
double this price. Ali newest colors as well
as all staple shades. AH sizes $18.95
FINAL CLEARANCE
Women's Coats
6.95
There wil! be joy among women who
come for Coals Monday, foi this final clo. tr
ance you will find coots worth up to $50.00
in this lot, but not all sizes, but a good selec
tion in the very newest styles $16.95
$1
"THE
FAIR'S ANNUAL
: t
NEW UNDERMUSLINS in AH Their Charming
Daintiness at Very Notable Savings
There are hundreds of women in Bisbee who have learned to Icok forward to the coming of THE FAIR
STORE'S ANNUAL JANUARY WHITE GOODS SALE.
Long months in advance we begin the preparations for this event nvl'3 and manufacturers are visited.
Materials, ribbons, laces are considered garments are chosen with the utmost care.
We might print reams in the telling of the story of how this manufacturer and that mill co-operated with us
how here and there a line was conserved and held that wc might be able to make the announcement more
remarkable.
And now, the undermulslins are here, in all their beauty not only those of nainsook and muslin, but gar
ments of .better materials.
Vast qualities, the low price, the beauty and unusuainess of garments all these are factors that are to make
this, we believe, the most notable January Sale of white goods that we have held.
Monday, the opening day, the second floor, the place.
j Here, in brief, are some of the features which you will do well to take advantage of. Undermusiinj arranged
in eleven big lots.
LOT NO. 1 29c GARMENTS WOMEN'S UNDERMUSLINS
Corset covers, made of vocd quality, fine soft finish muslin, embroidery and lace trimmed, with beading
and ribbons, sizes 36 to 42 29c
LOT NO. 2 49c WOMEN'S UNDERMUSLINS
Corset covers and drawers, good quality of soft finish muslin lace and embroidery trimmed, beading and
ribbons. All sizes, sole : 49c
- . " t LOT NO. 3 79c WOMEN'S UNDERMUSLINS
Women's Envelope Chemise, Petticoats and Drawers; exceptionally fine quality of long cloth trimmed
with embroidery and lace, beading and ribbon rosettes, sizes 34 to 44, sale 79c
LOT NO. 4 98c WOMEN'S UNDERMUSLINS
Women's Petticoats, Gowr.3, Envelope Chemise, Corset Covers and Ccmbina'.icn Suits, good quality Nain
sook, daintily trimmed, in lace and embroidery, beading Petticoats have deep flounces of lace and embroid
ery and fine tucks. Gowns are slipover styles; sizes 34 to 44, sale 98c
LOT NO. 5 $1.79 WOMEN'S UNDERMUSLINS
Women's Gowns, Petticoats, Envelope Chemise and Princess Slips made cf fine quality Nainsook, trim
med in fine quality lace and embroidery, beading and ribbons. Gowns slip over styles and button yoke styles,
with long .sleeves; trimmed with lace, embroidery and fine tucks Petticoats with deep flounce of fine lace
and embroidery. All sizes, sale $1.79
LOT NO. 5 $1.79 WOMEN'S FINE UNDERMUSLINS
This lot consists of our better garments, in Gowns. Petticoats, Envelope Chemise, Princess Slips and Com
binations. Made of fine quality Nainsook and trimmed n dainty fine laces and embroidery.
Gowns, slip over styles very dainty.
Petticoats have deep flounces of pretty laces and embroidery, with fim pin tucks.
Princess Slips, Combinations, Drawers and Corset Ccvers are daintily trimmed in fine laces, embroidery and
ribbons, sizes. 34 to 46, sale $2.69
LOT NO. 7 1214c Children's Undermuslins
Children's muslin drawers, hemstitched and fine
tucks, others embroidery trimmed good quality of
muslin. Ages 2 to 12 years 122r
LOT Nd. 8 29c CHILDREN'S UNDERMUSLINS
Children's fine quality soft finish muslin drawers
and petticoats, lace and embroidery trimmed. Also
fine tucks. Petticoats, "2 lo 6 years; drawers, 2 to 14
years, sale : 29c
LOT No. 9 49c CHILDREN'S UNDERMUSLINS
Children's Gowns, Slipover Styles; lace and em
broidery trimmed.
Princess slips, with flounces of fine embroidery
and lace.
Combination drawers and waists of muslin and
crosbar, dainty lace and embroidery trimmed. All
ages, sale .., 49c
LOT No. 10 79c CHILDREN'S UNDERMUSLINS
Children's Gowns and princess Slips, of fine muslin
trimmed with pretty bees and embroidery. All sizes,
sale 79c
..OT NV 1 1 93c CHILDREN'S UNDERMUSLINS
Children's Gowns and Slips, cf fine longcloth, trim
med with l?cc and embroidery, well made, in all sizes,
sale , 98c
BRASSIERS ALL SIZES, 45c
Women's brassiers, made of fine quality muilin,
front and back button, lace and embroidery trimmed,
ethers made of heavy torshon lace, very pretty and
serviceable, worth duuble this price. All sizes 45c
White Outing OQr
Flannel, yd. . . OL
Pure white cuting flannel, with soft, fine
knap. Just the thing for undergarments and
night gowns for these cold nights and at a
nice saving. Only 500 yards of this at,
yard 23c
CORSETS V2 PRICE
Bon Ton and Royal corsets at just ONt.
HALF their regular price, but there is a limited
number and mostly large sizes. Front and
back lace in up to date models; white and
ilesh. White Sale price Vi
Curtain Screens 38c yd.
This is a fresh new display of pretty scrims,
in plain white ecru and cream, striped, figured
and checks. Also lace borders, one big lot of
300 yards, on sale at, yard 38c
PURE THREAD
SILK HOSE $1.29 pr.
Regular $1.75 values, in colors only. Pure
thread silk, with lisle garter tcps, double heel
and toe where the wear comes most. Every'
pair perfect, sizes Yi to 10 sale, pair.. ..$1.29
Allover Laces lfa Price
Dozens of pretty patterns of allovers, in
shadow, Cluney, round and diamond mesh
laces, for waists, trimmings, etc. White, cream,
black and ecru. z PRICE.
Clearance of Blankets
BLANKETS, $2.69 PAIR
Made of best American cotton. Grey, choice
of pink and blue borders, size 66x80. No
shoddy or waste in these blankets. Specially
marked monday at, pair $2.69
BLANKETS, $3.19 PAIR
Made of the best .American cotton. Grey,
colored borders, pink or blue, the ends nicely
finished, sizes 72x80, which does for big
double bed. Exceptionally good values at.
pair $3.19
BLANKETS, $4.93 PAIR
These are wool finished blankets, with fine
heavy knap good warm ones that give lots
of comfort for these cold nights. Pink and
blue plaids in double bed size, 66x80, excellent
quality at, pair $4.93
WOOL ARMY BLANKETS, $7.49
At $7.49, all wool army blankets in dark
grey rejected by the government on account
of color. These blankets were bought to sell
for much more. Wonderful values in a life
time blanket full bed size at $7.49
$2.
95
Final Clearance of
Women's SHOES
Only 50 pairs left not all sizes, but a
good selection. Mostly grays come tomor
row and try and be fitted, as these shoes
sold regularly at $6.50 to $8.00.
Men!-Higher Grade Suits
and Overcoats at CLMcisCE
52
Men's Suits, worth $20.00. now $15,
Men's Suits, worth $22.50, now $17,
Men's Suits, worth'$25.00 and $27.50, now $19,
Men's Suits, worth $29.50 and $30.00, now :..$22,
Men'f Suits, wcrth $35.00 and $37.50, now
Men's Suits, worth $39.50 end $40.00, row
Men's Overcoats, oith $20.00 and $22.50, -j.;wr
Men's Overcoats, worth $25.00 ;r.d $27.50. :ov
Men's Overcoats, vorlh $29.50 and $30.00, r.w
Men's Overcoats, worth $32.50 and $3 3. OH. icvr
Boy Overcoats, wcrth $7.00 ;,od $8.00, wc.;;
Boy Overcoats' worth $9.50 ;:r : $10.00. r.ov ...
Boy Ovei coats, worth $15.00, pow
$29
$24.
$27.
CO
,53
,jS
.45
95
9r
So
95
- r-
45
MEN'S HATS, $2.95 $3.50 and $4.00 Value
Good styles, but broken lines.
MEN'S CAPS, 65c $1.00 and $1.25 values
Big selcctcion, all sizes.
MEN'S SWEATERS 4 LESS
Big selection to chcose from, in Cotton,
Cotton and Wool and all Wool; reds, greys,
khaki and white, with and without collars. All
sizes. Men's khaki wool Shirts $5.00
Regular $6.00 values, all sizes, all wool.
MEN'S KHAKI SHIRTS, $1.65
Made of heavy khaki, low cellars, regular
$2.00 values, sale $1.65
MEN'S WOOL UNDERWEAR, $1.29
Men's shirts and drawers of Cooper s grey
wool, a!' sizes, garment $1.29
Remnants lfe Price
Never was there a better opportunity for
you to save money. Remnants of silk, wool
goods, flannels, cretonnes, scrims, domestics
and dozens, of other, materials for waists,
dresses, etc. Monday '2 PRICE.
CLEARANCE NEWS
IN THE
oilet Goods
Pebeco tooth paste 44c
Colgates tooth paste 23c
Hinds Honey and Almond 49c
25c Mentholatum 21c
50c Mentholatum 39c
Ponds Vonishing Cream 23c
Mum : 21c
Oriental Cream ..$1.43
Squibb's Talcum 20c
NX oodbury's Soap 25c
Cutix Scap 25c
Lablanch Powder 53c
Luxor Powder 50c
Large size Pond's cold cream ...47c
o 99
y& Mmi'c Sti ft
Hais t0 CJU7 25c
5'::. and o-hcr ord ma!;c?, bckcn lines, io close
25c I
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1919.
! WANTED! I
Ten Experienced Salesmen.
Apply Monday at 8:00 a. m. f
Sv .-J
v i-il J kj. M
ha
and Thrift Stamps Taken j
SAME AS CASH
SMI 1
alio
Oil
A
H II
1 -TT Q 1
L1
vt We
ff-m it r
I
ill Save Yon
f t v.
rom to
on
all Your
rurcnases
Our floor space being limited we are forced to make this great sacrifice. We need the room for
spring merchandise. Nothing but merchandise of standard makes are carried in this store,Such as
"Gold Bond" Guaranteed Clothes, "Just-Wright" Shoes, "Merit" and "Eagle" Shirts, "Cowen" Neck
wear, "Lion" and "Arrow" Collars MERCHANDISE with a NATIONAL REPUTATION: Visit this
store WE WILL SAVE YOU MANY $$$$$. We have "KEPT THE QUALITY UP."
SUI
Gold Bond Guaranteed
$20.00 value, sale price $13.95
$25.00 value, sale price $19.45
$30.00 value, sale price $22.45
$35.00 value, sale price $24.95
$40.00 value, sale price $28.95
Trousers
Sweet Orr's Make
$ 5.00 value, sals price ..$3 95
$ 7.00 value, sale price . $4'25
$ 7.50 value, sale price ..$5.45
$1 0.00 value, sale price ..$7.45
Overalls
$2.25 value, sale price ....$1.50
$2.00 Khaki Pants $1.35
Suit Cases and
Hand Bags
$ 6.50 value, sale price $ 4.95
$ 10.00 value, sale price $ 6.95
$1 5.00 solid leathers ....$10.95
1 f. A
Si
' t Si
,:MWh ft
. V,
; 4-'
V; ' . ; If"'
v "' V '
c. ryri:.-!it. Hilton o-.:.s C
Geld Bond Clothes
Overcoats
$20 00 valua, sale price $14.45
$25.00 value, sale price $17.45
$30.00 value, sale price $19.95
$35.00 value, sale pi ice $24.95
Raincoats
$ 7.50 value, sale price $ 4.45
$20.00 value, sale price $12.95
$25.00 value, sale price $17.45
Stetson Dress
Gloves
$4.00 value sale price ....$2.45
$5.00 value, sale price ....$2.95
Flannel Shirts
$3.50 value, sale price ... $2.45
$5.00 vaL?e, sale price ....$3.95
$7.50 vnl-.ie. sale price ....$4.95
Hosiery
$ .25 values, 3 pr. for $ .50
$ .50 values, 3 pr. for $1.00
$ 1 .00 silk, per pair $ .65
Dress Shirts
MONARCH, MERIT AND
EAGLE MAKES
$ 1 .50 value, sale price ..$ .95
$ 2.00 value, sale price ..$1.35
$ 3.00 value, sale price ..$1.95
$ 5.00 silk, sale price ..$3.45
$ 7.50 silk, sale price ..$5.25
$10.00 silk, sale price ..$7.45
$12.00 silk, sale price ..$8.95
Work Shirts
$1.50 value, sale price 95c
Sweaters
$ 4.00 value, sale price ..$2.95
$ 5.00 value, sale price ..$3.45
$1 0.00 value, sale price ..$6.95
Underwear .
$2.00 value, sale price ..$1.15
$2.00 heavy, sale price . $1.35
$2.5iO heavy, sale price . $1.85
$3.50 heavy, sale price ..$2.45
$4.50 all wool, sale price $2.95
mmmm
I:.
it: ill
VC v';i '':,
V
Hats
$ 5.00 Derby's, on sale $1.45
$ 3.50 value, sale price ..$1.75
$ 5.00 values, sale price $3.95
$10.00 velours, on sale ..$6.95
"Just Wright"
Famous Shoes
FOR MEN
$ 6.50 value, sale price ..$4.75
$ 7.50 value, sale price ..$5.35
$ 8.50 value, sale price ..$6.95
$ 1 0.00 value, sale price $7.45
$1 2.00 value, sale price ..$8.95
$ 5. CO work shoes, sale $3.45
Neckwear
$ .75 value, sale price ..$ .45
$1 .00 value, sale price ... $ .65
$ 1 .50 value, sale price ....$ .95
$2.00 value, 5ale price ... $1.35
$2.50 value, sale price ... $1.65
$3.00 value, sale price ....$1.95
Caps
$ 1 .50 value, sale price ....$ .95
$2.00 value, sale price ..$1.35
$3. CO value, sale price ..$1.95
Mackinaws
$ 1 5.00 value, sale price $10.45
$1 7.50 value, sale price $12.95
All Merchandise GUARANTEED to Your Satisfaction, or Your Money will be Cheerfully Refunded.
NOW IS YOUR CHANCE TO "DRESS UP!"
MAIN STREET
BISBEE, ARIZONA
Hat Shop
MAIN STREET FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1919.
i
I
JACK LETSON, "CAPTAIN OF HOLD,"
DETAILS EXPERIENCES IN FRANCE
A number of letters from Bisbee t books. It is considered one of the best
UK ADS OF THE TWO GREATEST REPUBLICS
IN THE WORLD ARE CHEERED BY NATION
boys who were overseas during the
war have been received and repro
duced, but one of special interest to
the readers of the Review will be a
letter from Jack Letson, recently re
ceived by his father. J. M. Letson, who
is now in Los Angeles.
jobs on the ship so 1 am nappy and
contented.
When we left the states our convoy
wcs made up at Newport News and
consisted of J 4 ships with one destroy
er and one battleship as an escort. On
the third day out from the French
Two of the Ietson family, both Jack coast we were met by six English de-
and Jim, were in France, the latter ; stroyers as an added protection, that
with the infantry forces and the form-i being considered the most dangerous
er, as will be disclosed by his letter, I part of the voyage,
with the naval forces. Both of the boys I The danger is now over and our
were born in Bisbee and have many work nearly done. Soon we will be
friends here who will be interested, in returning home and every boy on the
knowing that they have acquitted ship satisfied that he has done his
themselves with honor.
The letter from Jack follows:
Censor Tired
Southampton. England,
November 30, 1918.
Dear Dad:
The censor has become tired of his
:
s - - -
i. .-x ;
f :." .
-
k ' - ,
share and done it well. Every night
that we left Southampton for France
we were in immediate danger of being
blown into eterflity by a German
U-boat. We are still making the runs
at night but now with every light
lit aud only two lookouts.
Carry Hun Prisoners
On our last trip from France, made
oil Thanksgiving day, we carried a
j number of German prisoners, some of
whom could speak English. They all
said that it had been the Americans
who hud won the v.ar.
Excepting the Yankees, the best
' looking soldiers I have seen are the
Australians. They are not only fine
looking but they are some fighters.
Their pay is six shillings a day while
the English soldier gets but two and
at the beginning of the war received
but one.
The French too, are a wonderful
people and are deeply appreciative of
what we have done for them. They are
good fighters and we are all strong for
them.
La Havre is a beautiful city of about !
125,000 population. When we are on
liberty there the people are very
friendly and show us a good time.
The population of Southampton1 is
about 140,000. This town is "the bunk"
and we will all be glad when we can
get away from it. I don't think much
of the English. When we first arrived
the English started to put a gun on
our boat the war is over and the gun
is not on yet what do you think of
that? Some time ago my pal and I
were walking on the dock there was
an English soldier on guard I asked
him how many shells he had in his
work so now we can write aliout what sun and he replied that he did not
we please, thus 1 r.'ii enabled to give , know. Can you beat that, and in the
you for the l. ..-! ni'.c a synopsis of l war four vears too.
mi- rliiim-c ami ti.. t n;..nts k!iii nr. I
riving in Franc' o:: the 21st day of
S ' '. . f- . ... -t l
Hi r ! ' , ' .
r , " , " ' I iJ l 4 -'
f v ' '"4 "
Society
('"ontiniH'd from Page Two
6chc.,ls and U proved one of the mosc
cnjojablj affairs planned for them
ibis .war.
Mr.'. Lrow :: u- .-ts were tlio
Misses I'oscy Desmond, Judson, Kel
ly. Allen. HlJik and Mosdames Saun
Mrs. Ijine at least once. She is to der anl Sparks. The enests of Misj
remain here a month and p.ans to Crockett were .Misses Parsons. Jones,,
talk to every vitally Interested organi- j Chapman and Wooiibum and Mes-j
DESERT COMPANYIS
SEEKING NEW UNITS
zation. The funds needed to be in
curred for work here were raised by
the ::alc of Ked Cross stamps last
year.
Mr. Jul iff Returns
From Inauguration.
Owing to the revival of the influ
enza epidemic in Phoenix. Mrs. Fred
Julitf. sister oi Governor Campbell,
had to shorten her stay there and re
turn to Warren last week with her
small Pon- Thp many brilliant affairs
daii'es Chance and Cumbacli. Misses
Hcrton. McCali, Kusly, ISihler. Probst
Glenn were the guests of Mrs. Pop
pen. .Mrs. Jo, ms. in entertained the
Mioses Forshay and Ford and Mes
dames Nason and Scott.
Mrs. Moon Holds
Chain Bridge Party.
Mrs. Ross Moon 1 ad guest
Thursday aitemoon for her
party. Those placing hil.Ue
planned in honor of out of town guests ' 'VIrs- r Ross, jr., Mrs. Firming, but now treasurer and superintendent
The Arizona Desert Mining & Mill
ing company, a corporation composed
of and officered by Bisbee men, after
making a test run on its ores in its
2't ton mill on its property five miles
from Bouse, is in the market for two
Additional 2o-ton unit which would
1 increase its milling capacity to 60 tons
; on daily. Thi.-, news was brought here by
hum J. li. King, formerly manager Of the
were Tovrei marknt on Brewery avenue
of course had to be given up. but the
inaugural ceremony was held before
a large audience fully attuned to the
joy and contentment of the occasion.
i ... i -
JACK LETSON
"CAPTAIN OF THE HOLD."
President WilFon and Tresident Poincare of France ridinc through Paris
strtctu on Wilson's arrival in the French capital.
Messages Home
Tell Harry Jennings that 1 have
some stories about the English that
will do his heart good; and just wait
July last.
We made Brest oi, f hat day and left j
rt tlio "?rr! f,- r l'"'i , ;i,l :irrivinfr nfi I
the 24ih and immediately begun our j until 1 f f into " argument with some
work of convoying troops from South- of 7 triends who wtre Ln6llsh boost
ampton, England, to LaHavre, France, I erl. '
and have ben at it continuously ever j are not ver-v nott- ,nake
since. The distance between the two :- onI' "e aef k ,,ut we made
,r.c i .h,.. i,q nH it : up f"r t hile the war was on. The
... ' rhMTiiipl u'a miirhtv rnnph nt times
transport left with us. She was look-1
ing for a race and we gave her one, j
distancing her easily. The Olympic i
and the Acquatania. two of the larg-;
est passenger carrying; vessels in the '
world, come into this port and they j
landed a blow on Mr. Kaiser evi-ry
time they came carrying 10,0u0 fight
ing Americans each. They also carried
the mail. The last time the Olympic
came she carried !000 sacks of mail. 1
Girls Win Point. '
MEMBER OE GUARD
TO WILSON WRITES
HIS MOTHER HERE
Y. W. C. A. Decides
On Election Plan.
At the regular meeting of the board , 2:'" P- 111 at ,he Grand theater
of directors of the Y. W. C. A. the
president appointed Mrs. E. E. Eltiu
wood, Mrs. Kichard Thomas, Miss Dor
othy Gregg and Mrs. A. W. Colton as
the nominating committee for the pur
pose of nominating candidates to take
the places of outgoing V. W. C. A.
board members. The committee met
yesterday and decided to adopt the
plan of yearly election of board mem
bers of the Y W. C. A., which is as
follows:
The committee chose candidates to
iill the vacancies and these names will
Ko rru t -A n a K 1 1 11 n I in a rrl tr t a
lobby of the Y. W. C. A. for one week 1 X n kleinsm.d. pres.dent of the I ni
i ,!f.Jn f ,i,o nn9l l,in , versi ly of A i ioiia. Tucson, was named
i il,. .vpnin, nf F.,hr,,rv ! viw presi.lent ; and K. B. Loper. of
4. In addition to this the membership
at large is privileged to elect candi-
..irs. Henry l-ollis and Mrs. Blair, of the mining concern.
MedanKs S'erling. Mathews. Proneer As a result cf the test run a brick
and Campbell caine -n later lor tea. cf ?o;d weighing about a pound was
rei ovt-re-1 aud shipped to Phoenix to
be tested lor fineness.
The company's properly formerly
Christian Science Lecture.
A free Christian Science lecture is
announced for Sunday. February 16,
The
lecturer. Virgil O. Strikler. is a mem
ber of the board of the Mother church,
the First Church of Christ. Scientists,
of Boston, Mass. This lecture is un
der the auspices of the Bisbee Chris
tian science church.
ARIZONAN HONORED
(Hy Kvlrw Leased Yv'lre)
EL PASO. Texas. Jan. IS James G.
McNaiy. of El Paso, was elected presi
dent of the interstate Y. M. C. A. or
ganization here late today. Dr. K. B.
seven hours to make the run. The
trips were always made at night, not a
light showing and 15 boys on lookout
for subs. We never had the pleasure
of sighting one but they were always
in the channel and we were kept on
edge you can be sure. I have seen a
number of torpedoed ships iu this j
y . 1 1 ' T" 1. , . t-.i n pa hnloo in cAnia ff thorn I
through which a horse and buggy , P ?n
could easily be driven. ' L? aJ a" P !"
, 1 uvj udppciicu iu ik i:siuu 111 Irel
and on several occasions we had to
take the wounded we were carrying
off the boat. One night when we were
going across a hospital ship was sunk
by a sub and 150 lives lost; we pass
ed over the spot within 30 minutes of
the time she went down. Some of the
German prisoners we carried had ap-
Holds Old Place
'. many when the war broke out and
I refused today w hat nearly every 1 were compelled to go into the Ger-
seaman is anxious to have, the rating man army.
of coxswain. The place is a good one ' There are four American transports
and my division officer put me up i operating out of this port. One morn
for it but I refused it and kept my J ing the Yale you will remember her
old place which is known on shipboard as having plied between San Diego
as captain of the hold. Have one i and San Francisco left France at the
large room where all the deck gear is j same- time we did. We raced across
kept, only one boss and plenty of lock- j the channel, making 29 knots but she
ers in which to keep my clothes and beat us. On our next trip an English
There is a hospital a short distance ; .
from here. A lew months go the hit:k ,
aud wounded were oiaeieu out of t.w The fi'.-t lettir from a lat-iulicr of
hospital into tents uui no reason for I Pn-i.!ent Wilson's guard of honor in
the change was given. Later it was ; Paris to reach the Warren uisirict
learned that they had been turned cut cuii.e recently to ulrs. F. E. Callison of
to make room tor German prisoners. 1 Lowell Loin hti- son, Cpl. LcP.o.v Cal
Near the hospital is an ammunition lison. loMh Infantry.
factory employing some 10no girls. It says iu part
petition, nominating a candidate,
whose name may be presented to the i
secretary of the Y. W. C. A. and will '
be immediately posted upon the bulle
tin board. The election will be by i
ballot. j
Phoenix, secretary. . The convention
will close Sunday night. Delegates are
I here from Arizona, New Mexico and
I West Texas.
was known as the Dutchman. It
had been worked profitably by sev
eral concerns before coming into the
hands of its present owners.
Plenty of ore is blocked out, Mr.
King said, to keep a 60-ton mill run
ning for a long period without further
development.
Ten men are employed at the pres
ent time.
The mill now on the property is of
the br.ll type and it has given such
satisfaction that Mr. King wishes to
get the other units of similar type.
A Health Builder
For Weakened Lungs
Where a continued rourh r cold
threatens the lunira, Kckman's Altera
tive will help to stop the couch,
rtreniftlien the lung an.t rextora
health. 8'e and $1.50 bottles at druff
j:stH. or from
ECKMAX LA BOHATORT, Philadelphia
r
f''!ll-""'"u' " "" ' " '"" " 1 "-";
, r - ...f.-j...j.-Ja1a.. -,r j
When the girls heard the Hue reason
for the order they marched to the
hospital in a body, informed those in
charge that unless the Germans were
out of the hospital and the allied sick
and wounded back inside of six hours,
they would break every window in the
building, tear down every door and
march 111 and run the Germans out
themselves. Before the six hours were
dp every German was out and our sick
and wounded back. Then the girls
took up a collection among themselves
and bought tobacco for the sick. 1
f;ay gotjd for the girls but cannot un
derstand the authorities in charge.
The "flu" was pretty bad over here.
On our ship there were 90 cases at one
tiifie. The i-oys had excellent care and
all came through all right but we
had to get men from another boat to
help us on two of our runs. This kepi
me from getting my furlough but it
is all over now and 1 am expecting to
leave most any day. I received the
box of cigars O. K. W 111 write again
in a few days.
Churches
Cc-py right rcjciucrcd. lVlit
What's the Latest in Batteries?
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE.
Inioimal Christian Science services
are held in Warren every Sunday in
the public hall, corner Tener and
Arizona streets. All ;:re most wel
come. The sen ice today will beheld
ut 7 P- m Subject, "Life."
improvements are every-day
Battery
affairs.
Important improvements come only once
or twice in a decade.
Exwcrts pgree that the most important
1 t; :y improvement in years is the per
of Threaded Rubber Insulation by
V .: 1 - the invention that indefinitely post
I t r.'.cd of battery insulation.
: v a full stock of Bone Dry Batteries
- l..-- o.:c as brand new as the day it left
the factory. You're protected against delay
in getting a battery and against getting
one that isn't'n every sense brand new.
Ask for a copy of the booklet "196.000
Little Threads." It tells the storv of this
remarkable battery.
Lohman
& Wright
BATTERY EXPERTS, LOWELL
METHODIST.
Sunday seho.d, 9:40; public wor
Khip, 11; addiess by Iir. K. 11. H.
Bloine; Epttor'h league meeting, li."";
public wots'iip, 7::", conducted b the
Ladies' Aid Soiiely.
Ill s:,ite of the ihtics oi the pastor
the congregation with the l.elp ol
other ministers of t'ie lov n has con
ducted a very helptul and well at
tendej ser. ice. Owing to the con
tinued illness of the jiastor the an
nouncemei.ts for next week are can
celled. There will be no. meetings be
tween, the Sundays.
FIRST BAPTIST.
Bible school, !):4I a. m.; sermon
by the pastor, 11 a. m., theme. "Hu
mility;" M. Y. P. I, meeting. 6:30;
sermon by the pastor, 7:."!0. theme,
"The Important Quest ion;" prayer
meeting every Wednesday evening at
T.C'i.
We want you to come and let us
show you how glad we are to hae
you in our services. II. C. 'on;p;on,
pastor.
PRESBYTERIAN.
Sunday school, 9:4."i a. in : morning
wors.hiti. 11 a. in., sermon topic, "Dur
Just Pride in Clu ist in in' ; " evening
I service. 7: ;": leeture. I no seu oi
j Galilee anil Its Hallow .l Asso. i.i
I tit'iis," illustrated Willi I n.leruood ,v
Ll'liiiTWOofl stercopii slides.
The public is cordiallv initeil to
attend the services of this church.
Allan Krii hliiiMin. pastor
"Ve came to Paris on the 11th of
December. We are guarding the Hotel
Muiat where President Wilson is stay
ing. They picked 2."0 men irom the
15Sth as honor guards and 1 was one
of the lucky ones, or it may be that
I was unlucky. Our division is leaving
Fiance in a thort time, so we are
afraid they will transfer us and leave
us here to guard President Wilson
and the peace conference, but we hope
not. I think 1 will know iu a few
days whether we will go or stay.
"1 have seen all of Paris 1 want to
see. so am ready to go. This is some
burg, but 1 had rather see New York.
We are on guard one day and off two,
so we have lots of time to Icon the
city over. I was on guard w nen Presi
dent Wilson came in. They sure gave
him some reception. 1 iuiiik ail of
Paris was out to see him.
"Our quarters are good here and the
ve:.tjer warm, so we are doing fine.
Tomorrow I go on guard again, if we
don't leave.
"Say, bomo son of a seacock stole
my Koap before' I took the wrapper
otf of it. W hat do you know aoout
mat'.' 'lhank everyone that .ontrib
uteil to thai box lor me.
"When they called for us about a
eek and a half ago, we were at ( hol
ies about 12 miles north of Paris. 1
thought we would go back in a short
Line so didn't bring all my stulf, such
as pictures, my pipe and other junk.
Now they say that our outtit.is mov
ing so if I don't get to go back I will
be loser on that stuff."
Koy Callison woikcd at the Junc
tion mine iu this district, lie left Bis
bee October 3. 117. going to Camp
PtiiiHton. When the remainder of the
regiment was sent overseas, he was
held as instructor and did not get
overseas until July. L'pon arriving
there he was detailed as instructor
and never got to the front, which
grieved him as greatly as the Ordinary
boy in th's country is worried about
not getting to go to France.
Century Club Holds
First Social Meeting. I
The first social meeting of the (.'en-1
tury club has been announced for next ;
Tuesday afternoon at the Y. W. C. .v j
from 2:30 to 4:30 o'clock. All old or,
former members and all new members ;
are urged to attend. It is announced
that an especially interesting program ;
lias been arranged, and in order to ;
make the program effective each per- j
son aitenuiug is requesieu 10 onng a 1 1
childhood photograph. Uostesses f or i
the afternoon will be Mrs. George II. '
Cobbe, Mrs. E. A. Crocker, Mrs. Jim
mie Blair. Mrs. John Kevins, Mrs. J. J.
Jones and Mrs. A. A. Wilson.
Joint Bridge for
School Teachers.
A very lovely joii.l foriduc party
was that of Saturday afternoon wnen
Mrs. II. P. johnson. Miss G.'rtrude
Crockett, Mrs. Bertram Brown and
Mrs. Henry Poppen entertained in the
parlors of the Copper Queen hotel. ;
Most of the puests playing were fhem-j
bers of the teaching nt;iff :f the
The Arizona Corporation Commission does not recommend the stocks,
bonds cr ether securities oCfered for sale by this or any other company
THERE IS GOING TO BE
AN OIL BOOM IN ARIZONA
WE KNOW IT.
The opportunity is at hand to get in on this boom.
Don't delay, but get some cf the stock in a com
pany that has and will continue to give their stockhold
ers a square deal.
We have the oil, help develop it and put Arizona
on the map as an oil producer
There is only a limited amount of the stock that
can be purchased at
20 CENTS PER SHARE
United States Oil &. Refining Co.
Collins & Bretherton
Jacks Bldg
Tonkin & Caulfield
casse s
lie is welcome and invited to attend.
Suhjict for Kundav, January 19,
"Life."
ST. JOHN'S ESPISCOPAL.
Sunday school. 9,45 a. m.; morning
praver mid address. 11 a.' in.; Wed
nesday, choir practice, 7 p. m. Jacob
M. White, rector.
The
owe
M
otor Co.
ANNOUNCES A SWEEPING REDUCTION
IN THE PRICES OF
G
HALF
CHRISTIAN.
1'itile s' hool, 9: 4.1 a. in ; morning
service, i a. m., sermon theme, "At
tin- Meeting Uliccl; evening si'i'iirc.i
":"(' p. in., sermon theme. "Uedemp
t ion."
We.incMlay evening there wiil be a
bii; reunion supper ul Y. W. C. A.
caleteri.i. Supper served between
5:"" anil 7 p in. Program and meet
ing. 7:10. All ii.w'ed. Will H. Mat
tins, pastor.
J CHRISTIAN SCIENCE.
j Tile Christian Science socielj ol
A Complete Service Station at Your . Bisbee holds services in Odd Fellow.-.'
Disposal I hall every Sunday iiioriiiiiu a' 11
I o i lock and Vcdiiesda evening icsii
' inonv niecliiig at S o'cloik. The pllb-
E
i ft ts n r D
4. Hours
J li :
ty:;n flm
: 'i -
17 M i i 1 ' ' ' '
AXES
SOLE
T7 t TT TV
Owing to our leng experience in judging and applying better equipment, and great
increase in sales, we are enabled to give cur customers a material reduction in prices of
"GATES HALF SOLE TIRES"
Testimonials from local users attest to saving of '2 THE COST and all the ex
pense cf punctures, as we will repair all puctures free for the life of the guarantee,
3500 MILES.
We have records of 9000 miles without a puncture. One year constant use, no
trouble reported. Trip to Denver and return without any tire trouble one month after.
still running on original Bisbee air, and numerous others as hard to believe.
v
A blanket guarantee given by no other tire company we know of is given. Any
"GATES HALF SOLE TIRE" dealer any where will make all adjustments. ju.t the
same as where you purchased the Half Sole.
CALL AT LOWELL MOTOR COMPANY AND BE SHOWN
II
31 ' I '
I rv ti l
Lowell
l V. y
v
Motor
Co.
PHONE 738
i i
J FIVE
Work on junction drift to denn
ground progresses rapidly and
favorable ores are encountered
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the es
sential facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of
gathering will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word each insue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisements must reach Ti.e Review ouice not later than 8 p. m. for insertiou in next morning's paper.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1919.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Live solicitor. Old Castle
n.v-t atn,tin TnmiKiniio ranvfin. HfiG I
Fjemale HelpYV anted
WANTED Chambermaid. Apply Cop
per Queen hotel. 937
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position s chauffeur by
an all-around auto mechanic. First
class references. Address Box 662,
Bisbee. 1
AMERICAN GIRL Will care for chil-,
dren eveaings. Box 10J2, Bisbee.
9u7 j
W.
ro Position as maid, also j
j bundle work home. All work,
.meed. Phone 492. Daisy Gar-1
" a colored 870 '
" '
For Sale
i
FOR SALE Will sell my household
goods, five rooms complete, fumed
oak and of A-l quality, if taken as
they stand. Buyer has privilege cf
renting house, one of best in city
and very desirable location, garage
wiih house. Address, G. E. X., care
Review.
dh-tf '
FOR SALE 12 room apartment house
completely furnished. Price reason
abler 163 Opera Drive. Phone Blue
711. - 9i2
FOR SALE- Five room house com
pletelv furnished with bath, nice
lawn with shade trees. J265U will
buy this heme. Sixth house from
car stop. Van Dyke stiet, Warren.
FOR SALE OR TRADE Five passen
ger Studebaker carj good condition.
A bargain. J:J00. Will consider a dia
mond. Henry Nimitz, at Phelps
Dodge company. 9i.'5
FOR SALE My ranch and stock
farming tools. My stock consists of
dairy cows, two mules, one horse,
one of the finest cattle ranches in
the county, open range and relin
quishment of 640 acies of land, some
of it under cultivation. Buy stock
and improvements will relinquish
land. Reason for selling fortunes of 1
liar Will s,l ihean if lati n ;it
once. L. A. Engle, Box 1752. 941 i
FOR SALE Five passenger Buick,
little six. See Shidelcr on the jitney
service.
95S ;
FOR SALE 1918 model
"85" Over-
land, cheap. See Gates, roo'ia 48,
Lowell hotel. 909
FOR SALE Four rooms of good furn
iture, almost new, for half price.
Leaving town. Call at South Bisbee
tore. - 912
FOR SALE Overland -six," seven
passenger, run 4(jiu miles,, r.ew bat-
teries and magneto. Will trade for f
roadster. H. F. M., care Review. ;
8.4
-i
FOR SALE
Ozark.
-French range. Apply!
k73 ;
FOR SALE Prospect 21 per cent cop--
per for ?liK0.
City.
Call at Sunset hoube, t
904
FOR SALE Six room house, turn- j
ished or unfurnished. Large garage.
FOR SALE Furniture for five room i
house. 62 A Brewery Gulch. 884 i
FOR SALE OR RENT lli'J acres of
land on Naco road, near Don Luis, j
Five room house, all necessary out-,
bu.ldings In good repair; also furni- j
ture for sale. Extra good quality,
same as new. Will sacrifice for im-'
mediate sale. J. H. Kins, 1. O. Box ,
SSS. Phone 802-F-ll. h-il) '
FOR SALE 160 acres
ground, lots of water.
of potante
Four room
house and fence. Sulphur Spring
valley. Apply P. O. Box lfi'.5. 838
FOR SALE Furniture for 24 rooms,
five two-room apartments, 14 sleep
ing rooms, in StarViilian;s rooming
house, opposite city park on Brew
try avenue. Mrs. George X. Wolfe.
Si9
FOR SALE Two lots on Oregon
street, one on Chicago avenue, Lo
well, Johnson addition, each 20x60
feet. Address M. J. Greenan, Oak
land, Calif, General delivery. 875
FOR SALE Uncalled ior suits.
Levin, Lowell, Ariz.
597
FOR SALE Chevrolet five passenger,
i:17 :.ioucl. Terms.' F. J. Keogh
Auto L'pholstery & Paint fahop, Lo
well. 06
FOR SALE - Furniture, house lor rent,
c lose in. No. 7 Quality hill, above
new Baptist t liurch. 67
FOR SALE A latest model Hcno
tie. has never been Used. Address
F. 1 11.. Drawer G. Bi.-bee. 4"
FOR SAL--: Siv room furnished
hiu,e. C!.i k Not. htieet. Warren,
cl-'it") v. ill haniVo thi--. 27
FOR SALE- -Jeev cow . Apply Mag
pie Daniels. Ccehine. 2'!
FOR SALE -High' rooms good luini-
ture. C.. m rent jp;o!oitim. Found ;
iiuu.-e iii itl, old m hooi. Warren. 22 i
J-Oit SALE Sanitary couch ami mat-1
tress, three biinii r wicklet-s oil 1
Move with oven. Pearl oil and t 'ink. j
one rocking c h.iir, canv.is ear i over, i
Cull 11 lo 4. llii Jigerville. clow n-
stai
l::
Foil SAI.K - Rabbits. to docs,
bli' k and emlit young oni s.
Tombstone can.wm. Eduerd
sella.
. .,
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
For Rent
FOR RENT Two room furnished
cabin. V. R. Johnson, Warren. 2S
FOR KENT Two rooms, housekeep
ing or balchiug. 176 Naco road, Hol
brook stop. 21
i
FOR RENT Three room apartment,
well l imiished. clean and cozy. Moon
stop, Star avenue, brown- bungalow
I on hill opposite water tank, 'lomb
I stone can) on. Mrs. Bell. 19
'FOR RENT Two unfurnished rooms.
221 rtrophy avenue. 42
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms partly furnished, gas. Hot-
brook stop. 1S7 Naco roau. 38
FOR RENT Two light housekeeping
rooms, ciose In. 114 Opera Drive. 3i
-
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished
lor housekeeping. No children. 2S
Montana street, Johnson addition. 63
FOR RENT House, furniture for
sale. Would like to sell to tenant.
Apply Mrs. Ouam, 107 Higgins hill.
68
POR HtvNTT Diip 1-n-f.o hmuap Irppninc
room, everything furnished. Back
of Brewerv Gulch lumber vard.
61
65 :
Walsh avenue.
FOR RENT Furnished, three large
rooms, with sleeping porch and gar-:
age. Adults only. First house on
ris;ht at end of car line. Tombstone
canyon. Owner in rear cottage. 69
FOR RENT
'ieabunl room, close in. !
$10. private entrance. 46 Quality
hill, opposite Castle Rock. 70 ;
FOR RENT Three room furnished
house. Winwood addition. 999 ;
!
FOR RENT To furnished rooms.,
No. 27 Johnson addition.
998
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms.
Xo children. 49
O. K.i
street.
"993
FOR RENT Two rooms furnished for
light housekeeping. 80 Moon ave-1
nue. Phone 646. 997 I
FOREXT-Two nicely furnished j
hniiw.i-M-i.imr rn. 12 nn-iii..
8
mil BP'T Tun riinmti
for house-! ;
keeping, lights and water furnished.
Xo. 1 Higgins hill.
FOR RENT Two furnished house-
keeping rooms
Mrs. Maffio, 89 1
Brewery avenue.
963
'
FOR
R KT Tun ;imiHftp.ninr '
rooms. Apply next to Hayes house.
Tombstone canyon.
971 i
FOR RENT Furnished room for one
or two gentlemen. 157 Opera Drive.
968
KOR RENT Four rooms and bath,
concrete house. No children. L. R.
Allen, Locklin avenue. 860
' .
ro.i ujl.ni Housekeeping rooms.
Branson block. Johnson addition! -
No children. 786 :
FOR RENT Large office room, good ,
location. Apply to M. C. High, realiary 24. 1S4S, found it five days prior
estate. Office, Allen block.
Agents Wanted
TIT MPMORT1I Ul
f " ".a"lcu
on,,,. mi-modi w uaol- n
LI STRATED; WORLD WAR HIS
rmsv vavy romRPii PIl -
TURES These books siH to every j "very was made at Colma, Sutter's
home. Our agents doing biggest 1 '
business. Get with livest house.! Tlle Brnor forwarded the report
Best terms. Outfit free. R. L. Phil-t0 tlie custodian of Sutter rort here
lips Publishing company. Chicago. 30 lhat tlle inscription there might be
III.; Denver. Colo.; Butte, Mont. Ichangtu
Address nearest office. 34
AGENTS. EITHER SEX Take orders
for -America s War for Humanity j
and Complete History of orld !
War.-' ?2 book. 0 per cent comuiis-;against
Mon. Outfits and books ready
Presses running day and night. Av
erage commissions per agent $21 a
day. Send 10 cents for mailing free
outfit. Memorial Life of Roosevelt.
same prices, same terms. F. B. Dick-j
erson company, Detroit, Mich. V.6
" " "
LIFE OF ROOSEVELT, INTRO-
Dl'CED BY TAFT; WAR BOOKS
INTORI)L('EI) BY GENERAL
.MARCH; PATRIOTIC INSERT
FOR SOLDIERS PHOTOGRAPH
W'oilds record on books. Condit
made $50 in one hour, Geitgey hold
45 iu three hours. Books now ready.
Price $2.25 to $3.75. Best terms,
credit, freight paid. Outfit free. H.
L. Baldwin coinpiny. Cleveland.
Ohio, Rocki feller building. 35
TAILORING AGENTS Mens made
to order suits. Snappiest, best ina-
lelial. Prices
HuMiers earn
line s-nt free.
Chicago.
lower than others,
big money. Spring
Leeds Woolen Mills, Bids will be received by the lorn
li'inon Council of the City of Bisbee,
Arizona, at a meeting to be held at
LIFE OF THEODORE ROOSEYELT
(introduced by ex President Taf O ;
HISTORY OF WORLD WAR BY
MARCH -$5 per hour selling these
two biioks. Biggest terms. Both out-1
iits in-e, stale choice, llisioiieal
Boek comp-iny, Chicago. 15
THE Al.-THKNTIC LIKE OF TI!KO -
I 'Ollh ROOSE ELT By V. illiam !
Drjpcr licnis, Ph. I)., Colonel Roosc-
k fit's intimate political associate
and friend, with introduction by ex
I'rciident Tail. Fully illustrated
low price -enormous demand - un-
prci edi ntcd opportunity. liberal
terms
1 l'lls
Outfit free.
l'liilad'liliia.
I'niversal
16
Money to Loan
m i SMALL yFICK LOANS- On your per
1;. J sor.al lu.li; to salaried men and wo
,;. 1 uie! , also on furniture. Cox Loan
company. Room 7, Sparks Kline
buildui. 16G
Wanted
WANTED To buy, second hand
clothes. Phone 47. 17
WANTED Ford car. We have a pur
chaser . See Russell Jones, Ford
agency, Johnson addition. 62
WANTED House or apartment, three
or four rooms, furnished, gas, bath
and electric lights, prefer central lo
cation. Address B. X., Review. 39
WANTED Room by two gentlemen,
close in. Private family preferred.
References exchanged. X, care Re
view. 11
WANTED Clean cotton rags. Review
Job department. dh-tf
WANTED Furnished house or apart
ments, about January 21. No chil
dren. Address Box L. S., Review. 964
Lost
LOST Watch in box. Finder return
to Box 1014, Bisbee. Liberal re
ward. 68
To Lease
T? LEASE Nine room house, good
location, on car line, Bisbee. Wal
lace Agency. 992
Miscellaneous
WILL TRADE $50 new
I
1 jewel
watch and $9 chain for $50 Liberty
bond or 12 war savings stamps; also
trade new 38 Colts automatic pistol
and 34 cartridges for five war sav
ings stamps. Write Box 2286, Bis
bee. 29
SEND NAME AND ADDRESS For
free copy of Holbrook, Arizona, Tri-
bune; read about the coming -oil
hnnm .,, nnnr,,lnifiBH x.
dress, Thomas, Globe, Ariz.
996
PHILLIP DOFFMAX, THE TAILOR
Ladies' and gents' suits to order,
made in my own shop. Have a nice
collection in goods and trimmings.
Xo. 8 Allen block. Phillip Doffman.
962
GSSAR?0 CORSETS FOR SALE
Frolu ?2 "P- A corsets carefully
fitted. Ines Warburton, next Arl-
zona Grocery store, upper Main. 433
'RITE, TO, "' M- c- A- School, Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train for service. 268
SCECOXD HAND CLOTHES Bought.
Phone 739, City Dye Works. 604
- -----
BUNDLES OF OLD PAPERS-At the
Review office. Large bundles, price
25c.
CELEBRATE GOLD DISCOVERY
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. Jan. IS. Jan
uary 19, 1S4S, was the exact date of
the discovery of gold in California,
and not January 21, said a report just
submitted to Governor William D.
Stephens by a special investigating :
committee appointed Dy mm. ,
James Marshal who has been cred-i
ited with the discovery of gold Janu-i
to that date, according to the report
signed by Phil Beheart, representing
the Piourers of Califcrnia: Fred H.
.Tune, renresentine the Native Sons of
'the Golden West, and Miss Grace S.
- 1 Stoermer. representing the Native
..Daughters of the Golden West. The
FROTECT MEXICANS
KU iAS0. Tex., Jan. IS. Police and
.rtertive havo started a crusade here
8vvindlers who impose on the
Mexican laborers returning home after
working on railroads and in mines in
the I'nited States. The worst offend-
the nolic said, are the nawn-
; broker. w'io operate in the Mexican
quarter.
j They swindle the ignorant Mexican
i laborers of most of the money earned
(during a summer cf hard work in the
j Vnited Slates. This is done by means
of fictitious pawn tickets, alleged
bargains in unclaimed Dawns and the
ale of cheap, brass watches for gold
ones.
The Mexican consulate here has
complained repeatedly because these
systematic swindling schemes con
ducted by local pawnbrokers operat
ing in conjunction with Mexican run
ners who bring the victims to the
pawn shops. I
Legal Notices.
ADVERTISEMENT FOR BIDS .
j the City Hall thereof, on the 21st day
j ot January, 1919, at tin: hour of 7:30,
' o'clock I. M.. for the following : One
' 2l2 ton tru.-k with hydraulic steel
dump body, trailer att;icliinent, with!
cfter over drher's seat, doul le chain
or worm driv". with wheel base cf
j from 12o to 141 inches, lo be decided
;llv . council. Also bids lor one
al roadster.
AH bids must be accompanied by
certified check in the sum of not less
than 10 per centum of the bid. pay
able to the Mayor of the City of Bis-
conditioned for the faithful per-
fonuance of ilc ilvery. if accepted by
the Common Council, and must lie
filid with ih" City Clerk by 5 o'clock
P. M. on bald dale. The Common
Council reserve.-: the right to reject
.my and all bids.
Dated
19 19.
this K'th day of J.inuaiy,
JACOB ER1CKSOX.
BLTLER. Major.
City Clerk. 853
Atiest:-.M. L.
(Continued from
the high dividends paid during the period of the war demand for the red
metal was unlimited, Greene Cananea is one of Uie very few which has been
able to maintain its regular rate despite the adverse conditions. The fact that
the company was able to pay the regular quarterly rate of 2 per share during
1917 when the mines were closed down from June 22 to December 10 inclusive
is a strong indication that Greene Cananea can continue to do so far a while
longer. . . I a
In the year just closed the company produced a total of 53.450.000 pouncr
wTiich is more than 20,000,000 pounds higher tJian in 1917 when operations
were seriously curtailed by striking employes coupled with unsettled condi
tions in Mexico. In 1916 when conditions were normal, Greene Cananea pro
duced in excess of 60,000,000.
Silver Production Gratifying
Silver production for the year was gratifying although not as large as in
1916, amounting to 1,678,672 ounces, a gain of 1.163,000 over 1917. The enor
mous increase, however, was entirely due to the above named factors. It is
of particular interest that December's production was not only the highest
for 1918, but the largest since October 1916.
Like silver, gold output was pleasing in view of the labor shortage so
prevalent. in the year just closed, running approximately 14.000 ounces as
compared with 4643 in the previous 12 months.
In 1917, Greene Cananea earned share profits on the outstanding stock
equivalent to $5 per share as compared with $15 in 1916. While earnings for
1918 will not run as large as two years ago, indications point to a sum suffi
cient to cover the dividend requirements besides leaving a healthy balance
for further improvements.
Mininy and Financial News
BY REVIEW
NEW YORK. Jan. 18. Unsettle
ment attended the fairly large deal
ings iu stocks during today's ab
breviated session, professional traders
resuming their attacks againBt the
cere susceptible issues.
Conspicuous cmong the latter were
nils. Mexican Petroleum lost 6Vj
points and others 1 to 2,. Motors,
tobaccos, equipments and the steel
group also yielded 1 to 3 points.
Selling of United States Steel was
the outstanding feature of the final
hour, with lots of 100U to 5500 shares
changing hands at 90, within 34
points of its minimum of 1918.
' Shippings and coppers also fell a
point with such investment rails as
Reading and Louisville and Nashville,
but distilling shares reversed their
recent course, showing moderate
strength. Among the more important
stocks final prices were mostly at
lowest levels. Sales amounted to
315,00t shares.
Bonds eased slightly at the end, in
ternationals displaying irregularity.
Total sales, par value, aggregated $4,
150.000. Old United States coupon and reg
istered 2s lost per cent on call dur
ing the week, the registered 4s de
clining 1 per cent.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 1. Cotton
! closed very steady, net 6 points high
' er to 10 points lower.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Jan. 18. Doubt as to
whether the current minimum value
lor 'hogs, $17.50, would be maintained
in February had considerable to do
with making the corn market today
average lower. Prices closed unset
tled at the same as yesterday's finish
to IVic down, with February $1.33
to $1.33 and May $1.28 to $1.2R.
Oats closed Vc off to c up and pro
visions unchanged to 17c lower.
Reports that the conference to fix
the February price of hos had been
postponed from January 23 until Jan
uary 28 tended to emphasize misgiv
ings iu reeard to the Juration of the
standard. .Inasmuch as the teeding
value of corn has been one of the
chief bullish factors, tile possibility
of a reduction in the government hog
price outweighed all other influences
aflecting eorn. Week-end evening up
by slicrts resulted there;ore in only
temporary bulges, notwithstanding
that country olferings were light and
despite advances U Smith American
essel rales In the lace of removal ol
the government tixed rati! to Argen
tina. OuU were quiet, and kept within a
narrow ranw, governed mainly by
corn. '
Provisions depended on the same
renditions a? grain. Cash interests,
however, br.nglu on declines.
Closing quotations January 13,
(L. J. Overlock. Broker)
NEW YORK.
1919.
Anaconda 5S's
Amn. Can 4ti
Amu. Car 8'.4
Amn. Smelters 71
Amn. Loco ti'i'i
Amn. Sunar llu'i
Baldwin UO'i
Beth. 15 57
t. F. & I :;5i
Canadian Pacific- 156:l4
Central Leather 57:L
Crucible 5:; 14
Distillers 01-
(iocdii.h ;,!l
General Motors 1 122
Ind. Alcohol 101
I.r.cka wanna ... tilVi
Marine 24N
M-Thie pij p2
.Mexican lvtr j!e.;m 157.
N. Y. C 72
Ntrthcrn Pacific 91.;
I'eailiiie -y.-s
Rulilic;- 7",
Republic Steel 7.'
t'l.cieLuki r 4!
Sleel com !0
Steel pld nr.
St. Paul ;;s
Sc. ithirii la'ific ii.s'i
Si iclair (!! :;c,
Tevaj ls7'.j
1'iiiun Pacific 1-i'g
F.-S. M- 41
1 i.ii it Motci . ;;i;i4
WcsunUi'ms ii
BOSTON.
Adventure !in
Alloii". i;;
Alaska ::tk
A.. Ccmil ' Hi;.
'. A .-,!!..
". v II 4 :., "
c. Halloo t:
Page One)
LtASED WIRE
Chino 33
Chile 17&
E. Butt9 8 &
Granby 70
Goldtield 35
Hancock 5
Indiana 00
Inspiration U
Keunecott 32 Vi
Keweenaw 100
Lake 4
La. Salle 2
Miami 23".;,
Mohawk 52
.Mayflower 2Ts
X. Butte 11
Nip SV4
Old Do ni 35
Osceola 60
Pond Ck 13
Quiucy 60
Kay Con 20
Shattuck 134
Shannon 3
St. Marys 46
Superior Boston 2M
t'tah Copper
Ctah Con 8
Winona 100
CURBS.
A. 4c A 11
Arix. Bing i
Butte & London 18
Big Ledge 7
Cal. & Jer. ' Vt
Con. Ariz IVa
Con. Copper 6-
Cofden 7'j
Cresson 5
Curtiss . . 13
Denn 16Mi
Dundee 100
Emma 5
Federal Oil 2?
Gadsden 3
Grand Island IS
Green Monster
Hull .' 40
Howe Sound i
Hecla 4H
Iron Caps 16
J. Verde
Manna Copper 26
Miami Con 10
Mines of America i
Okmulgee ... 2
Porphyry ... SO
Ray Here 2
Tom Reed 16S
Tuclcmne 85
L Eastern 41"
Verde Ex 33 V;
Verde Combn
Woi. Ariz 2
White Caps 15
West End 1!4
OATMAN.
(Cy Collins A Bretherton.)
Atko 06 .07
Adams 02 .!
Arizona Rex .15
Ariz-Tom R 03 .
Big Jim Con 06 .0
Boundary Cone .0
Gold Oru I f3 .04
Gold Road Bon 02 .03
Gold Cliff 15
Lucky Boy i'4 ."6
Sunnyside 05 .06
TVIluride 11 .14
Tom Rood 1.66 1.68
I'nited Eastern 4.25 4.37
United Western 02 .01
Red Lion .20
OTHER CURBS
Gadsden
Green Monster
Butte London
Dundee
Venture HiU ....'
Pitts-Jerome
Jerome Verde
Ark-Arizona
Jeromo Portland
ins Neeilles f
Hull Copper
2.87 3.0)
.37 .44
.11 IS
.K7 1.00
.02 .04
.10 .12
.45 .50
.10 .12
.17
.0(i .12
',5 .40
. .IS
2 U' 2.06 1
.70 .$7!
.07 ' .10'
.50
.10
.U7 i 50
.-( SO
.r, .r.o
.12
Magma Chief
Wolv-Arizonn
1 ' '
Verde Combination ..
Miami Consolidated .
Verde Suuuw
X;:cozarl Consolidated
Coti. Cop. Mines
I'c:-phry
Cal. & .brollle
Ft ill in r Kii r
BROWN QUITS BASEBALL.
'Hv tt'lpw l.i'M Wire)
C(U.IMi:l S. i hin, Jan. is. -Morde-fit
i lii'own, elcr.iii pin her of three
linger lame, pidhalily Hill be lost lo
tasehnll. r.io.vu. who assisted Joe
linker in Hie management of the Co
lumbus Aliiei ieau association club last
season, is so well sutislied with bis
position w ilh an indiunapoli-i coin em
that lie intend.! to unit the .uanii. For
ccais I'.'own was a Mar wi'h the Chi
cago .Nationals.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
night. Moose Hall.
Visiting brother cor
dially invited.
R, L G LEA SON,
Dictator
BISBEE cODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellow?' Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially Invited to attend.
Hail pbuce ll!
FRANK WEBSTER, X. G.
LcjiEK EUSTACE. Sec'v
PVTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Teicple No. 3 meets every 2aO
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially invitea.
MINNIE BLUM. M. E C.
Phone Black 861
DA GLAZE. M. of R. C.
Box 1476
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
jT No. 17, F. O.
Eagles' Hall.
Visitors cor
dially wel
come. EDWIN OLLEREXSHAW, Pres.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. L. EDMUNDSON, Aerie Physician
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA 1
YEOMAN j
Richard I. Homestead 83, meet sec ;
und and fourth Tuesdays at Me1igc- ;
vfch ball. Visiting Archers are cor '
tially invited !
F. W. TURNER, torcman.
Phone Black tit.
P. O. Box 931, Warren.
E. D. STIXSOX.
Correspondent, Box 1496.
WEEK ENDING JANUARY 25, 1919.
X
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
4
THOMA3 HARGI3, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y F. & A. M.
W. R. BANKS. E. H. P.
X. C. BLEDSOE, T. I. M.
J. L. POWELL, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Conunandery.
W. R. BAXKS. Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
L, O. L. NO. 210.
meets In L O
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
era cordially
Invited to at
tend. tVM. T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Box 42G. Bisbee.
CITY DYE WORKS
Cleaning & Pressing
Phone 739.
Opp. V. W. C. A.
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
Chidien Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED (MP'Y
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
r
C H. HOGAFU
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C. H. HOGAN
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bone Lodge No. U
Knights of PytAia
meets each Tuesday
(except second) in Ode
f Fellows' Hall at 7:8
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially invited.
JACK CAIX, C. C.
W. . McCALLUM, K. of R. S
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalter Ruler
C. W. HICKS, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp Xo. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m., Finnish hall.
D. C. SAXBY, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk.
All Woodmen Invited.
OPOER Oc EASTERN STAR
meets in Masonic hat
Pearl Chapter, No. 6. meet
.a Masonic Hall second aai
fourth Tuesday of eac
.. .e;h at 7:30 0 m
MRS. I i EL EN A RAGSDALE. W. M .
Phone 500.
i'l.s. jls.c.:k r.fcvAX. secy. p. o
Box 2'-'. Caairaian Relief Com,
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in I. O O F
Kali First nd Third
Saturdays. V 1 s 1 1 it
brothers welcome
J. L. BENTON. Councillor.
P. L. WOODMAN. Jr.. Rec. Secy.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B
r, ; . v. - 1 fc-
4j3 meets the 2d
and 4th Satur
days each month
at 7:30 at New
Odd Fellows'
Hall. Visiting members cordially in
vited. JULIA POOLB, President.
Phone 278.
GEO. POOLE. Treas.. P. O. Box 2229.
HOXORA MUXCH. Secretary
Bux 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Sii 'Vi Bisbee Camp Xo. 13414
7-Ti- Meets 1st Saturday
Uedieovich HalL
iKiiiJ J. F. MATHEWSON
Clerk.
. I .
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. O K ST.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE"
A. OWERS. Mgr, Bakerville
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 58.
f
1
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bids., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1123
11 i r--. SIX
A. B Unman, Canadian
Flakier Back in Bisbeel
German olon formal ion. we boFgfd;j'
o u
After havi.m passe.l through all
sorts of v.ni'.s.i.il fXie rii'ncea as a sol
dier. Lt. A!i-.. J. l,!.nma:i, :uh I!at
tahon. ('at'.aJii.n expeditionary forces,
has r. sist''l Ins commission and ar
rived in Hisht1 to re-enter civil life.
Lieutenant Hlinuian. who was a ser
peant at the time, spent several
months in Hisbee on recruiting duty
and liked the city and its people so
well he has decided to make this hi
home.
1 enlisted in Vancouver, R. C.
August -K 1! 14. in the infantry," said
Lieutenant lilininan. "My battalion
was in training froin that time until
February of the following year, when
I was moved into the front Hue
trenches and began to see action. I
went through the second and third
battles of Ypres, St. Kloi and Jlessines
Ridge, und also fought on the Somnie.
1 was wounded October 20, 191G, shrap
nel enuring my lunss. 1 was a long
time recovering but even at thai I con
sider the tightest corner I ever was in
to have been during the second battle
of Ypres. in April, 1915.
"The Germans used gas in that fisht
for the first time. I was in the second
line with my comrades of the bat
talion. We got warning .of the ap
proach of the gas cloud and had time
to tie something over our noses and
mouths. That saved us. After about
an hour, we went into th first line
trench. Its- defenders lay about us
dead, ki'led by this fiendish German
invention. The Germans -were slow
about following up their adva'ntage.
Finally one of our boys who had been
peeping over the top of the trench
called out. I looked over and there
came the Germans marching along
with a confident air as though expect
ing the ?as cloud to have opened a
way for thern to reach the sea. They
were in full dress, marched in parade
formation and were doing the goose
step. The Cannucks sure let 'em have
it and we got a little even for what
they had done to our comrades.
"In 1915 we had no cannon. All we
could do until the French made them
and got them to us was to put pure
nerve up against the heavy German
artillery, use hand grenades where
possible and charge frequently with
the bayonet. We had few aeroplanes
and the Germans used to fly over our
trenches and drop bombs on us at will.
All we could do was fire our rifles at
them.
"After I was wounded, I was sent to
a hospital in England to recover. Aft
er I had gotten sufficiently well, I was
sent out on recruiting duty. I spent
four months in Bisbee at that time.
While here I enlisted 6S men for the
.Canadian army. I was all over the
front but I never saw any of these
men afterwards. From here I went to
New York and from there to Boston,
spending three weeks in the first
place and a month in the latter. I had
good luck getting recruits, sending
them in at the rate of about 50 a day.
"Nert I was transferred to England
where I spent a month, training and
incidentally getting promoted from
sergeant to lieutenant. I then re
joined my o'.d unit, in July, 191S. They
were stationed on Paschandale. Ridge.
The colonel and one battalion ser-
BRITISH FIGHT FANS
DOWNCAST OVER LOSS
OF WILDE TO MOORE
T".v Rwlew i.ase.T Wire)
NEW YOKK. Jan. IS. Interesting j
comment anent the recent inter-allied I
boxing contests in London is begin
ning to reach this country by mail and
it is apparent that British fight fans
have taken the defeat of their little
idol, Jimmy Wilde, by Pal Moore, the
American sailor, very much to heart.
A number oi London papers-after long
and minute analysis of th Albert Hall
match, vigorously assert that the
judges were at fault in giving Moore
the decision.
Wilde himself admits that he won.
"It's over and done with," says he,
"but I'm certain I won. I did win.
From first to last I never had the
slightest doubt that I was beating
Moore, and when they said I'd lost, I
had the shock of my life. I was struck
dumb. When I got to my dressing
room you could have knocked me
down with a feather. I almost fainted.
But it's no good making any fuss."
Good Natured Losers
Victor and vanquished, however, ac
cepted the fortunes of the ring war
good naturedly and there was a gen
eral interchange of compliments at a
luncheon which followed the contests.
Major General Feilding. of the British
army, presided and pugilists of all the
associated countries were there.
Side by side were Jimmy Wilde and
Joe Lynch, the American whom Wilde
had punished at the tournament be
fore the little English flyweight cham
pion had in turn succumbed to the
American sailor Pal Moore. Lynch's
nose was askew. Mike O'Dowd appear
ed with one eye half closed, an ear
. ... l ...... , I . . .1 n I . wfi . 1 i.riii gnH GDVonl
geant major were the only ones left ( oteof the C0Mtes,ants were nursing
out M ine original ouucu ou, .u- disngurements but all were nai)py.
allies had been heavy and the others In tcaslinR the c01npetins teams,
had been discharged or were on de- Gencral ending paid a warm tribute
tacnea uuiy. i as .iu ; t0 tneir sporting qualities.
six weens
of fightin
There wasn t a great deal ..Xever beore in tne history of tne
I took part in a number
world," he said, "has such a boxing
eagle.
' I was taken out of the trenches and
put on duty escorting recruits from
the French seaports to the front line.
This duty brought me into Paris on
November 10, 11 and 12. Believe me.
it was some nig'at r:i the ll'.h in
Paris. Everybody was happy, even
the widows in their black veils join
ing us in celebrating and making mer
ry. For one thing, I never saw so
many American flags on a Fourth of
July in this country as were displayed
in Paris.
"I went from France to England, ar
riving there on the 14th. The celebra
tion still was on there. The French
can celebrate but it takes the English
to get drunk and it seemed to me that
the whole nation was tipsy, even as
long after the day of the signing of
the armistice as the date of my ar
rival. "Then I was sent home. I decided
that it was time for me to get back
to work, so resigned my conunisison
and came here to Bisbee.
"I did net get to realize my dearest
of trench raids but it was astonishing ,', hpiA that which
how different the Germans of 1918 hag ju8t been concmde(i. u was a tour
were from those of 1915. The morale nament symbolical of the great war
of the German army was broken and which broui;nt nien from all parts of
the men up against us last year were the world to fignt in tne cause of rignt
poor fighters compared with their pre- aud justjCe. You men have taken part
decessors of three years before. They jn an epoch-making event, and one that
were cot a fourth as good. I got this never wiu be forgotten, lt brought
insigna from the collar of a Prussian lne English-speaking races together
staff officer and had it made over into to enoage m a great national sport."
a tie pin. It is the imperial German Lt Col E M CoXi captain of the
American team, drew a round of ap
plause when he declared, "We of the
American team believe Jimmy Wilde
to be the greatest boxer the world has
ever seen, or will ever see. We have
seen such a gathering of champions
which we may never see in any com
petition again, and you have honored
us by inviting us to come over and
compete for such a history-making
trophy as that presented by the king
of England. I consider that Mike
O'Dowd is our greatest fighter, but as
he is no speech'-maker, I would ask
Sgt. Edde McGoorty to say what
O'Dowd would like to say for his com
rades." The renowned McGoorty rose bash
fully. "Everybody has fought like
men," he said. "I was not successful,
as you know, but I would like to say
that Ijcould not have lost to a better
fighter or a finer sportsman than Billy
Wells, who sits here on my right." .
VALUABLE BOOKS PRESENTED
IS. While
EL PASO. Tex., Jan
hfr with Gen. Nelson A. Miles. Gen.
w ish. That was to march into Ger- Anon Mills presented to the city of j
many. My old battalion Is there now j E1 j2S0 v!unlea 0f original manu-
as a part of the army of occupation. arri,)t8 pertaining to the early history I
but circumstances dictated that I , of r-i paso and the lower Rio Grande, i
could not be with them.
I Included in the gift was an original
"We went into the war a green lot map of the first survey made of EI
in many ways. At first we had only l Paso by General Mills when he rtrsi .
four machine guns to a battalion and , left West Point. The map and manu- !
didn't put any great reliunce on these, 1 scripts were given into the keeping of j
but when we saw what they did to the the University club. 1
JANUA
ror mere. At the end there were fount
machine guns lo each company.
Yon have to hand it to the British!
lor iiainin e aniiu. ivn u-u i' .
pet the newspaper notices, but it was i
the British Tommie who plunged!
ahead, smiling and joking and refusing
to stop even when he was shot tip.;
The French are brilliant fighters on
the offensive but not so good on de
fense. The Americans showed thein-;
selves to be good fighters too, when
thr- had gotten over in force. ;
"The experiences we went through !
were something no men would take a ;
fortune for, if he came out safe and ;
- ... .1 .. T . n . 1 ' ... ivlirtfT Ifi cottlo I
down here until the next war," said.H
the lieutenant with a laugh.
One of the best jokes of the war,
from a soldier's standpoint, Blir.man
said, was when the Americans intro- j
duced sawed off shotguns against the
Germans. The yell set up by the Hnn
thai this was unfair fighting fairly
convulsed the entire allied side i n
view of the manner in which the Ger
mans had introduced gas. liquid fire
and other devilish devices against our
men.
DV lO Q i
' "" " " LL' - . " x mimm mil if 'll I
u rj m wm tar rr
fcl W m mm U m K
.niDorta
Sit
V
allies in unaermusiiins
1 fY?V? THE SATiES OF WHITE
Of iLLVery Doll a UIT which we berin Tomorrow
y j
are quite the most important we have ever held. Fortunate purchases, the result of unsettled
market conditions, are responsible for some of :the finest values in dainty white wear that
have been offered in years. Far-sighted women will see in these sales a not-to-be-missed op
portunity to buy their new supply of White-Wear at much lower prices than are likely to pre
vail later on. The Sale Begins Tomorrow, Featuring the Following Values: NOTE THE LOCATION OF EACH LOT:
I
mm
LOT Er
Disployed at our Notion Department, will con
sist of Corset Covers,' Petticoats, Gowns and
Chemise. '
Actual value $1.25, special .-. 85c
LOTC
At the Embroidery Denartment. will con
sist of Petticoats, Gowns, Corsets and
Drawers.
Actual value. 75c, special 50c
LOTI
To be found at Ribbon Counter; com
prises Gowns, Petticoats and Chemise of
superb quality, prettily trimmed in laces
and embroideries.
Actual value, $3.95, special $2.65
LOT G
Located at our Art Department. These
garments are decided bargains and should
interest everyone, you will find a com
plete assortment of Gcwrs, Corset Cov
ers, Petticoats, Chemise, Princess Slips
ar.d Drawers.
Actur.l value $2.00, special $1.35
LOT D
Our Lace Counter will display this attrac
tive lot, which include Drawers, Corsets,
Petticoats and gowns.
Actual value $1.00, special 65c
LOT A
(On Notion Counter
Corset Covers and Drawers.
Actual value 35c, special 2Jc
LOT B
On the Notion Counter will be placed a
big lot cf Drawers.
Actual value 50c, special 35c
LOT H
Will be displayed at Hosiery Counter, center
aisle. In this lot you will find a remarkable
assortment cf Gown3, Chemise, Corset Cover3,
Petticoats, Princess Slips and Drawers, in fine
v fabrics, trimmed in beautiful laces and embroideries.
4
Actual value $2.50, special $1.75 g
LOT F
Shown at the Knitwear Department. Should be
an attraction. There is a big selection to be had
at this popular price. Drawers, Princess Slips,
Chemise Gowns, Corset Covers and Petticoats.
Actual value $1.50, special $1.00
4 a
l! ! ' V Wa
All CREPE DE CHINE Underwear is Included in This Sale OFF. (Second Floor)
ON' TH
BARGAIN
a A it
This lot consists of Gowns, Petticoats and Chemises, a daintier lot would be hard to find; very sheer and trimmed in
lace and embroidery of exceptional quality and design.
$4.25 value, specsial $2.85 $5.50 value, special $3.65
$4.75 value, special $3.15 $6.00 value, special $4.00
$4.95 value, special $3.30 $7.50 value, special $5.00
Child
ren s
M
uslin Underwear
y3 off
Do Not Get Careless
With Your Blood Supply
These Six Lots to be Found on the Silk Counter
LOT 1 DRESS GOODS COUNTER. Children's Petticoats and Drawers, sizes 4 to ! 4 years. Actual value 25c, special Cc
LOT 2 Children's Drawers. Actual value, 35c, special - 25c
LOT 3 Children's Gowns, Drawers. Waists, Princess Slips, Combinations and Ideal Underwaists.! Actual value 50c.
special 35c
LOT 4 Children's Gowns, Underwaists, Princess Slips and Drawers. Actual value 75c. special 50c
LOT 5 Children's Princess Slips, Gowns and Drawers. Actual value $1.25, special 85c
Impurities Invite Disease.
Yon should jiay particular heed to
any indication that your blood supply
i3 kecomiwg' slugcish, or that there 13
a lessening in its strong and vital
force.
By keeping your blood purified,
your system more easily wards off
iiiee that is ever present, waiting
.-.aitark wherever there ii n open
ing. A few bottles of S. S. S, the
great vegetable blood medicine, will
revitalize your blood and give you
new strength and a healthy, vigorous
vitality. Everyone reed3 it just now
to keep the system in perfect condi
tion. Go to your drug store and get
a bottle to-day, and if you need any
medical advice, you can obtain it
without cost by writing to Medical
Director, Swift Specific Co., 23 Swift
Laboratory, Atlanta, Ga.
I
LOT 6 Children's Combinations, Princess
$1.50 value, special
$1.75 value, special
Slips, Drawers and Gowns.
$1.00
$1.15
$1.95 value, special $1.30
$2.50 value, special $1.65
.K-.vJM
.3
m i l
iiionaay, mesnay ana
Wednesday--SvEu.
i THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1919.
0
News
of
Kea
evtew
u o
CALIFORNIA ELEVEN
LEADS COAST TEAMS
VETERAN CYCLIST !
HURT MANY TIMES
TUCSON IS FORMING
STRONG AUTO CLUB
DIAMOND STARS WHO SAY THEY'RE THROUGH
IS HUC.G1NS DAVID II ARUM OF BASEBALL?
. 'A
for
I he
Sporting
y . A?LyKCiE fmsS
5lP
x. Jan IS. The baseball
season of ISIS, started out with the
$50,000 Alexander KiHelYr deal, and
it is more than likely that the coming
season will break all records for trades
aniens the hit; league clubs.
Up until recently Miller Huggins
and Tyrus Copp were never :-o fond
of earn other that they had to go
hunting together in the dead of win
ter. Huggins is now down in Georgia
with Cobb, carrying a gun on his
shoulder, but whether looking for live
game or a big game it is impossible
to say. It is reported on good au
thority that Cobb has a perfect right
to sign a new contract this year, and
that he will be seen in a Yankee uni
form. He was given his unconditional
release when the war broke out, and
went to France after being pronounced
a free agent. If ihe concludes to
change from his first love the De
troit Tigers and join the Yankees it
Few athletes attain such renown
that their fame lasts over a period
of fifty years. There is one notabi
exception to the rule. He is John
Engler of Jtrsey City, whrf i reached
thezeuith of his career inlS68, when
he clinched ,the iA'Wsional fancy
ice skating championship.
Engier. who will celebrate bis SSth
birthday on April 17. has had an un
usual career. He perhaps is the only
man of his time who successfully
made his living by fancy ice skating.
In the f.O's he was a familiar figure
on tne various ponds of New York
and vicinity. He then obtained such
popularity that Frank Leslie's Illus
trated newspaper saw fit to publish in
its February D, 1S67, it-sue a full page
wood cut of Engler and Dully (Hen
rietta) Bedell in the ad of cutting
fancy figures on ice skates on the
Union pond. 'Williamsburg. L. I.
Born in Quakertown, Pa., on April
17. 1SS1. Engler car.;e to Jersey City
when about 10 years old. He was a
tinsmith by trade and for two years
l.elped his father fulfil a contract to
keep the city's lamps in repair. When
between 12 and 15 years of age he
traveled about the country with a cir
cus as a tumbler until 1S49. when he
made fancy ire skating a profession.
Gradually he gained fame through
hi:; graeetul ability and daring. He
taught Jackson Haines, the Ameri
can who. went abroad and on the con
tinent later became known as the
father of European figure filiating.
When the Civii war broke out in
1S61 Engler joined the northern
forces, as fir-t sergeant and color
bearer of the Tv nty-fo.irth regiment
of New Jersey. During this service
he received four Tvedals for disiiu-:
guishid bravery and .-O.arii shooting.
He received three wo'inds. one in the;
leg, one in the temple and otic in the
thigh.
After the war EnI-r m-rried and
settled in Jersey City. wl,t-.re he now
KENTUCKY HAGS HOLD
PLACE IN TOP NOTCH
HAVANA. Cuba, Jan. IS- Kentucky
l.crses and cwr.ers. alui.u'-h ovtr
t! ad ".wed . r.utr.ei i,ai: ty s'.i.ble.-, of
New York and other astern i--taf ,
pre holding first hi.nijfs in. winning
lares anl as luiv.-t money-w inii'-r.-;
at the Orier.': ! r-;.rk r;"0 course here.
RtrorJs tor Hie iir.-t II d.i' l.n'iiu
Imt-:
show tf-c K'-iituckv horses w on
rat es. as rti.!:.-t 21 by .Marylfciid
and
New (.rV (nv.;ietit''r-. Eieht
' )n ! ; 'jbay ov- hors -s.
12 hordes ,r 'ti: vurio is :'. t
till' - The !.;:: r;. t.irmiei:
li.-c;
hlaiteil their Inn . .-, .-.'V-!;i! days a 1 1 r
I be veasoti f.. ..n and :.ries w;re
Karce, but !..! r one to t' re '
v.- r'- -n' red in everj rr.e.
Kent uck v owners ii" aiixintiK tu
try limir fa.i.n'i i.icci.- .uaiu-t Mi-.e
I cpreseiniiii; ii' V" lasiern stables
OUii
tHcil
I..'.- t-i i,; . Kent i-k nis a; -
s;wt ii
iaslest
the
::(i m ft i..rsi's
; ai.il iiim eih- i ;
1 u Ul !!') Imm
H'-'ii-e v. ill f;
I'niied t?t.i:
spee Jis' In
o. in r, ;-as
PH'Ilt'.l.
'J '.-ii Tiank il. W'ivi' ii.-bie llom !
1 SPORTSNAP SHOTSj
will be the first time in his career in
the big leagues that he has worn any
other colors than thosa of the Detroit
team.
If Huggins can get Cobb he will
have a team that will simply walk
away with the American league pen
nant. Huggins was not considered
good enough for Cincinnati, yet be
goes to New York and becomes man
aeer of the Yankees, End has knocked
the fans out of their seats by ru"5
of the biggest David Harutu stunt in
years. " His salve must have worked
like magic when he was able to get
Leonard. Shore and Lewis from the
Red Sox for a couple of has-been
pitchers and a little ready cash. Lit
tle Miller is a wise old head. One
cannot help hut wonder why he got
out of the National league so easily.
There are few managers to compare
with the Cincinnati boy iu the Heyd
ler circuit.
'lives with his wife and daughter. He
is the father of fourteen children, of
! whom eight, two sons and six daugi
; tTs. still are alive. '
4uring the period of the Civil war
! Jpckm-'Haines of Albany- bore th
! title of fancy ice 'skating king, but
! upon Engler's return he quickly re
j gained his former laurels. Old the
atrical programs which Engler has
! pasted in a scrap book recite tile fact
that he ska'ed with Miss Carrie A
Maore in 1869. when George L. Fo?;
was on the bill as the headliner. He
also appeared at the Bowery theater
Ion Saturday evening. April 9, 1S70. and
jat Boston during the F?me year he
I was billed as the "Skatorial King of
; the World," when he skated on stilts
j three feet high. During his skating
! career Andrew J. Dupignac acted as
j his coach.
I Engler has fifteen medals of solid
' gold and silver for figure skating,
j which are valued at $1600. His skat
ing medals were won at Hartford.
! Jersey City, Newark, Buffalo. Pitts
! burg, Boston. Rochester, N. Y., and
Roc hester, N. J.
' Engler has a remarkable strong con
stitution. He has been a great lover
' of the outdoor life and always has
been fond of fishing and hunting. He
still enjoys these hobbies to an extent.
He has smoked all his life and used
liiiurr moderately. Temperance and
moderation in aU things, he says, is
on" of the K ynoies of his success.
He has t'le peculiarity of eating
whenever he feels like it. and often
gets out of bed in the wee sma" hours
o' the mornii'g to make tea. He has
not had medical attention for 10 years,
but makes his own antidotes.
Ty Cobb, fcside from heading the i
l.atsmen in tile American league in '
eleven out of twelve ears, has played
i:; 1M)3 games during the period and j
compiled a- grat.d hitting average of !
over .370, leading all league rivals. I
tui :y le:ils all comp't iters in races'
won and J. Ineer, the contract rider i
fur Wier, is leading jockeys in win-j
ning n:ou!.ts. During the 11 days.)
thii stable won nine races and a l
total cf J4(,.uo in pumcs. Konfukvi
turfnien j.nd horses won the big end!
ci ,a.-:t year's race meet here, and
r.or.e to repeat tlio performance thi3
sra.-oi.
MINORS ADJOURN.
(I'.y )( l.'-avo.l Wire)
NK" YGiiK. Jim !v The lii'vt
;s "f 'he miuor baseliall leauues
a -j- iin-i d uu.- uiiernoon :'i!-ur
s..tuii.ig si nat'ii-i . of all members
'!' niiMnii.il in-.nii sloii to Hii
n in; .o.;ir, f;n-t whlcli is to t ike the
place 4,f ill n;!l,oniii iireeincnt. A
; W'- .i I o:i-!iii:iei r i-orted that Garry
i ti'. r.-.iai -. i a.i ii.ni J, but that the
sU':i..u.i ( oi i'n sirii-nts Johnson and
lii : i r ;' f-e Aiiieric;,?! i). aii, ,n. il
!"--i:''-i "11 I. (it cn-; ted before
Vl-.u lay ''ii: ii.itioni'l i.s-i(, ,',itioi, o'
l'H !rs;-iniul liasebu'i Ii -agues will a
I' ' ; col'u: i,tie of seen to pre
p. ; t'.e ui. .iui.jnt whi' !i w ill ' sii')
y 1 '' 1 " ) n.it in.; i o-mtiii--iu.;.
lOVx'A TAKtS GAVE.
( iiit'AljO. Jim. Is- Iowa dileated
Xi rtlKve-'i ru 7'i in js toiiiuiit iii
v.t.sU-ij oil.ie:e'' bahl.eibali name.
SAN FRANCISCO. Calif.. Jan. is.
Football critics practically are unani
mous in picking the team of the Uni
versity of Calitcrnia as the most
lormiuabiu of the college organizations
oa tb2 Pacific coast. Of the army a:.u
navy service tenuis, the Marines of
Mare Island are nccordtd first place.
That the University of California
should be ranked first on the coast U
taken as an indication that the Blue
and Gold once moie has corae into its
own in the matter of American foot
ball after having taken up the British
Rugby game for a dozen years. That
the Beats will have to be reckoned
with at all times in the future practi
cally is conceded. They have forgotten
iheir Rugby and learned tne American
brand cf play again.
While football in 191S was not a fin
ancial success, as far as the cotters
of the various college athletic treas
ures were concerned, it was a big im
provement over 1917 from the point of
view of play. Notwithstanding the fact
that the majority of the teams began
their training late in the season, and.
for a while it looked dubious whether
or not there would be any regular
schedule of games, the season result
ed in a number of excellent contests.
Not the least important feature of
the coast season was the return of
Stanford university to the American
fold and the resumption of the old
time gridiron rivalry with its natural
and geographical opponent the Uni
versity of California. W"hileStanford
made but a sorry showing, as far as
her knowledge of the game was con
cerned, her players were game to the
last and as long as they have the fight
ing spirit, the followers of the Cardi
nal do not fear that they wi'.l not
quickly pick up the game. Experience
has shown that not only must the
American game be learned but the
Rugby game must first be unlearned.
Teams of the northwest, which, for
a dozen years, have been turning out
formidable teams, did not maintain
their standard during last fall. Such
football mentors as Hugo Betdek,
Lonestar Dietz, and Gilmer Dobie,
whose methods have had much to do
with bringing northwestern teams to
the fore, were missing and the result
has been that only mediocre teams
were turned out. Added to this must
be taken into consideration the fact
that many plaers were not available
as they were serving in the great war.
Followers of focthall are enthusias
tic over the indications for next fall
and many arc predicting that the Pa
cific coast is destined at that time to
enjoy tht most active and successful
season in its history. " ith the return
to the college from the army and navy
of scores of gocd players who were
missing from tne 191S line-ups it is not
unieasonable to presume that there is
considerable ground for the hope ex
pressed. With Stanford giving up Rugby as a
major sport, the various preparatory
schools also are dropping the English
game one by one, so that the material
entering both California and Stanford
in the future will have a good basic
knowledge of American football. This
has not been the case in the past for
the reason that, w hile seine schools
played the home brand of football, oth
ers devoted their entire attention to
the development of Rugby fifteens.
While the service teams of the fu
ture will be made up of the regulars
of the army and navy, it i beiieved
that the influx of collegiate players
during thj war has taught them much
about the game and the soldiers and
saiiors are expected to put up a better
brand of play than they did before
the United States entered into the
war.
HAH DOES GOOD
Cpl. Bert V. (Kid) Hiatt, head.iuar
tera troop First cavalry, stationed in
Camp Harry J. Jones, middleweight
champi.'ii of the L nited States army
in the border district, arrivtj .n Lis
bee yesterday .with t'u- First cavai.-v
minstrels and while here issued a
challenge to any man cn the borler
uuder 175 po'iindi!.
lliatt at present cxrects to meet
Bao Joa (Gas Pappas) mid llewo.ht
champion of the Pacili'- coast, in a
n.at turle cither here or in I' ivlu
Fc'iruary 5. At present the wre. twr
are awaiting ofters from the riv;tl
promoters.
The soldier lias a leng ?iri-i of!e
toiies to hi., credit si iee nimiu.- on
the border. His last nii'teh w.is wiili
Gs-orae t!e (Jreek. who claims tiie
li-M hcHvyweivht i lia:i;i'iinship of
the world In ).,iii;las, I inlay niht.
in tin- pri S"iiee oi n audience hi
s.oral hiiiidred sol'lii rs and ilians
l.i it llehl i-j.- :;i ,. . a I,',
i'I po'teilt lot llic ir . r -, Hi
in hi; i-ii;.i!ip i;e. 'i ii" i.rer'' -j
.ij-iei-d ! t!::o.' .ill.- o;. ".i,!.i-i
'ni 'Ute.-. t.iit i.ii c -I iii. ki- (.-ii ; villi
Kid I'iatt.
onni .Ma tin wsi. v ii -lati., ;!n
wlterwei ,'tiit!f;n..lp , :' Hi;
v.'iriil. v;is I. let . i.ini lu'ii i i- '-'n u.iry
Ml at t; Maje. ;i l r 'n iioii. l s
by l iait.
"Ti.( ' I'll' iMfii .l'H- 1; a clever
liiri," on i lie ir tt." s i i I I li i; 1 "I'll
l.ke to ci i .-.! t a liim. Tin i : i,
lias t--cu in a : ' ica 'ij .'ii.i'i i--' mi
..-r. Idaii I'M imii v tie! " i: v. i'I
hil l. l'l.illat we Mil! .re..ilc in
lioiik'a. leu ,ni. r.ol.jv Id' tie
bes. otfer.
j WRESTLING STUNTS
f 5 -
7 f
if j
Bobby Walthour.
Bobby Walthour, veteran bicycle
racer, is a remarkable figure in the
athletic world. He has been racing
about tvity years, and the number
of broken bones, fractures and
bruises he hr.s sustained interest th
medical world. i
RULE
e
(Uy Kt-vitw Leased Wire)
SPOKANE. Wash., Jan. IS. While
football followers here think there is
little liklihood of any radical changes
being made in the foolbil! rules for
the lHl'j season, they s'.-era certain
that two important points will be
brought to the attention of the rules
committee when it m-ts this winter
to consider the matte", according to
George Varneil of this city.' Varnell.
a former University of Chicago grid
iron player and Northwest intercolleg
iate conference referee for several
seasons back. U regarded as an auth
ority on the game u: this section.
One is a result of a disagreement
which arose following the game be
tween the University of Pittsburg and
the Cleveland naval reserves, when
time was called for the end cf the sec
ond period with the bail in the posses
sion of Pittsburg on Cleveland's out
yard line." said Varne':l. "Pittsburg,
which lost the game, claimed five min
utes remained for play in the period
when time wa called. As the rules
now provide, the ball was put in play
from kickoff at the beginning of the
third period, the same as at the begin
ning of the game.
The suggestion has been offered
that, to prevent a ripuiiion of such
a .situation, play be rc.s'.Mitd at the be
ginning of the third period from where
it was halted M Ihe end oi the set ond.
This would mean thai a team which
has worked down the field in the sec-
DEMPSEY IS READY
- -jr.
5- ft'
: V;' i. .- . k- . . ...
1
17: s.
. X t"-5
V i V !
1 '
GRID STAR URGES
0RRECI1
if jt
V
i
r
f
i'r
Jack Dcmpscy.
F.ven if Jess Willard still ducks a bout with him Jack Deninsey, latest
heavy-weight star, is in for a busy year. He is extremely popular because
of his knockout record and is in ilemand nil ner thi- country. He was the
most spectacular tiehtcr of last j car. H.- fcucht twenty-two battles and
ou SttVeDtceu thcra by knovkuit out his oppuucuL
i TUCSON. Ariz., Jan. IS. Out of an
agitation for an automobi!p racing pro-
gram for Washington's birthday, con
1 sidered at nitrating of automobile deal
' ers of Tucson at a meeting iast week
' and again l:;st night, there grew a pio
: posal for the formation cf a strong
! automobile club, to be composed oi
'dealers and owners, which would be
i capable of handling a racing program
' whenever the sporting blood of its
j membership called for one.
i Racing, however, would not be the
' sole aim of the proposed club, which
I would be patterned after the Southern
California Automobile club and would
' interest itself in every activity of the
motor world. Speakers at the meeting
; last night expressed the belief that it
! would be possible to have a club with
I 5m) members.
I The success of the Tucson Motorcy
I cle club, now somewhat inactive be
' cause of the fact that many of IU
members have gone into the army,
was influential in shaping the determi
nation of the automobile men to form
a similar organization.
The arrangements committee ap-
I pointed at the first meeting of the au
tomobile men reported to a meeting at
the chamber of commerce lat evening
and while its report was discouraging
so far as the Washington's birthday
program is concerned, genuine enthus
iasm was aroused for the first time
by the recommendation of the arrange
ments committee that a permanent.
j strong and active automobile club be
! formed.
Committees Named
On motion of C. E. Goyette, a com
aiittee was named by Chairman Deans
.o report a scheme of organization, in
iudir.g constitution and by-laws for a
.Southern Arizona Automobile club, at
a meeting of automobile dealers and
owners to be held netx Tuesday night
at the chamber ot commerce.
The committee also recommended
j that, after the organization of ai auto
mobile club, a committee be appointed
to confer w ith the Southern Arizona
Fair association to ascertain if it
would Le possible for the two organ-
' izations to join in promoting a South-
. ern Arizona fair between now and
April, with automobile racing as the
featured card.
' onu period and registered a decided
yardage advantage over its opponent
woul not lose it for lack of a few min
utes of play. Such a system now is
employed at the end of the first anc
third periods."
The other instance where a change
is needed, according to Varnell's be
lief, arose in the Annapolis-Great
Lakes game, when an excited substi
tute ran off the Annapolis bench and
tackled a Great Lakes player who was
frre and on his way to a touchdown.
The officials allowed a touchdown.
"Technically the rules do not cover
the play, although two different rules
in the book might be used by officials
in such a situation." he said. "Neither
of the rules, liowever, permit the
awarding of a toucluiown, which, be
yond a doubt was the fair ruling in
the Annapolis-Great Lakes game."
STAR ATHLETE OUT.
1 DES .MOINES. Ia.. Jan. IS Charles
! Ebert, one of Drake university's fore
I most football, basketball and track
stars, has been forced to abandon
; athletics because of heart trouble,
i Ebert. a former Ohio state star, has
J a mark of 5 feet 1 inches in the
high jump. His football and basket
ball work had placed him w ith Drake's
stellar perlormers.
FOR A BUSY SEASON
V
22
i-
'? 'm. i ' '
V'-.v . h
s.
-:- 'H f ' .
"if v s i
U A ' - , ;
ft , '
I , w f O xrr
OLtfielder Harry Hooper, at left, and Pitcher Jim ScotL
Whil? most of the big leapue baseball players aie counting the time
ur.til the 1!1! season opet.s a few of the stars have decided to be amone
the absent when the season opens. Jim Scctt of the White Sox and Harry
Hooper of the Ked Sox are two of the latter. Sco;t has said he wiM p!a
temi-pro ball fcr an industrial concern. Hooper says he can't arforo u
leave his ranch in California.
GOLF ENTHUSIASTS
MR PATRI
CHICAGO. Jan. IS The Western
Golf association tonight at a jubilee
dinner paid honor to the players who
participated ir. the Red Cross benefit
matches by means of hich more
than JCOO.OuO was raised for the
cause of mercy last summer.
Delegates from all sections of the
country attended the annual meeting
of the organization and re-elected
President Charles P. Thompson oi
the Hossmoore Country club, Chicago,
and other old officers with the ex
ception of Secretary Charles M.
Smaller, who retired on account 6r
business. James H. Bernard of the
Glen view club. Chicago, was elected
secretary.
Two new directors also were elect
ed. John W. Hughes cf the Omaha
Field club, and A. M. Parry of tie
Country club of Indianapolis.
The association tonight awarded
medals to Red Cross golfers for rais
ing $o03,0v0 last summer and voted
the amateur championship to the Sun
set Hill club of St. Louis, the open
meet to the -Mayfield country club of
Cleveland and the junior champion
ship to Ce Flossmoor country club.
Chicago.
The amateur tournament will be
held June 16-20, with the Olympic
team contest on June 14- The open
classic will take place on July 24 -2fi
inclusive, while the youngsters will
golf for the title on August 13-13.
The Red Cross jubilee was made
an enthusiastic greeting to President
Charles F. Thompson. Assistant Sec
retary Crafts W. Higgins and SO play-
, ers who took part In the matches by
t'e loO delegates present. tie med
als were awarded by Marquis Eaton,
manager of the Chicago branch of the
Red Cross. Among those to whom
medals were presented was James
Barnes. Colorado Springs. ,
Only a dozen of the medal winners
were present, but names of all were
chetred for the work they had per
formed on tho links for the Red Cross.
RABBIT MEAT WASTED
(Ilv Kevic-w Wnfl j
EL PASO, Texas. Jan. iS If all the
rabbits killed by hunters were con
Finned they would furnish bet 'een j
JnO.OO and 30,).ioo t"ns of f.uid yearly.!
according to estiiv. ites made by the!
biological survey of the department of
agriculture. Tli.-ir hides w ould have ,
a value of $L'o,oo rno. These f'surts!
are based on estimates that the num
ber killed yearly ii o.f ;H,(i'X. j
The biological survey has been call-)
ed upon frequently to help western
I farmers iu coping with the labbit pest.
! In view of the probable economic'
value of rabbit meit and fur. their en-j
I ergies, however, may be directed to
j conserving rabbits as a valuable re-;
I source.
CLOSED SEASON URGED
lltV ll.-Vlt W I'h4 .1 '1) I
ALHl gl Kllgl'K. N M.'X.. J m is -I'he
New Mexico Came Protective as-.
social inn will i..iie the state li'Kisl.t-
ture to enact laws proiding tor a to-
year closed season on deer and tui kt y. ,
' Crouse and gray squirrel would !
j made immune and seasons am' b igs
'would be mane to coiuorni to f.i'ei.l
j I iw. according to ,'!"' assoi ia lion's pro-
gram lor iejiislation.
I The assoi i.Uion's It gisla'ive jno-
gram was adopted at its aniiti'l ai i .
ing h Id here a short tiii.c ;'..-o.
j MINNESOTA WINS
MINNESOTA. M i-ui . .1 Is
v.esota ilctcaicil U iscoasi'.i. to , in
, a we.-tein coiifi'ielH e I u - K- I II - - it i
hi re lonilit.
HONOR PATRIOTISM LAUNCH MOVEMENT
SAND LOT LEAGUES
FOR MORE SPORTS
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Jan. IS A na
i tional movement for the promulgation
j and furtherance of athletics and r
I creational activities, the directors of
; which will be appointed by the gov
j ernment, was launched in a resolu-
tion adopted at the annual meeting of
- the National Baseball federation.
I America's premier s.nd lot organiza-
tion here today.
i The resolution declares that the
', war has demonstrated that pnysiial
training and public recreation is es
: seutial to the well being and morale
of tiie people a ad that basball w ill
I be one of ihe biggest sLbsiitutes for
; the social features eliminated by the
i recent prohibition enactment,
i Action orr severing relations with
professional leagues was deferred. A
' standard set of rales covering playing
, and eligibility is to be drafted at the
j March meeting of the board of di
! rectors.
Affiliation with the American lu-
distrial Athletic association was
j formed. Committees have been ap-
pointed by both organization to
i draw up a working agreement.
j Otticers elected were: William S.
i Haddoik. Pittsburgh, president; James
H. Lowry oi Indianapolis, president
i of the detuuet National Amateur Base
; hall association, first ice-president ;
i Tom Nokes cf Jolwistiiwii, Pa., and V.
i E. Setteriiiiii of l;roit. reelected sec-
retarv led trea -ui er. reiii-ctively ;
j Clayton C. Townes cf l lewuiifd was
! t lected to the newly retted cilice of
j counsel. Membership of the board o!
i directors was inert a.-ej ty the addi-
tion of two pa..t presidents.
Tiie next uie tinr: is subject to the
; call cf the board of ducclor. which
I probably wi.l be at thj j-a'ne tiaie and
j place i'f tiie major leagues' join:
I mt-eting. A dinner tuii.it closed ti.e
convention.
MEXICAN CHAMPION IS
AFTER DAGO'S SCALP
Manuel Archer, who ilanns the
heavyweight wrestling championship
ct Mexico, has written a toilows Iroiu
Dsag'ns, his present hiadnuartcrsi
Dear Sir: 1 just arrived hi re iroiu
the capital of Mexico. I asa Hie cham
pion wrestler at Pi pounl... 1 see
Hint Dago Joe is in your iity and ho
i lialiciitcs aiotiody. I wi.l take him
up any tune he may like to meet me.
Please 'put this clinileime iu your pa
p -r. I can give a handicap niauh tu
lago Joe. i: n i i:u to throw bun iwi'-e
in ;." minute.
My aiiures-, is .Main, i An her. 1'.. ,
il so. I Mights. -viii
Ju iiiiii-i tram lie ditr. th-- 1 tt. r
was written be ;,!', An i. t b el s- a
I'aito Ji i' pel i n.i'ii It wa . aniiouiK'.
Fi:a ttii.:it th.it Joe had .i.rtd lo
met t Arthur iti this t it y on the uifilU'
if Janu.it J7 a: liu ilraiid tluati.-.
VyOM.s:-3 GCLT T0U--iV.
i );- :.. .is. .: . i
l I 'I '. il l. .1.1! 1 v - i lie l'..'l
.' I i,:l airy t''i !.' Ml'. .'..'. 1
I'i ii'- 1 i'tp. -tiiti.t;;.-t;.-.!.,
ti 111 ll..'i. Iii .! Wolllell's Wcse'll
. ..Il ! " .. ...i. I ' - aw... ! wi.l Li
ma de I' I.'-' 111 1 I.li .11- nl t'.- .Is.
soi iatii li SI lie.lMiell I.!.; ,.i;.
TIL lids teerr ! ,ii . - i ! .i
ilian 11:11 Coui.tr ci ie. i.i.ii- : k.i. i'.l. "X
.EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1919.
CITY BRIEFS
Has any one visited you? Or have
you entertained? If so, call The
Review Society Editor, lilack 6S1.
! cottjs, has boon, granted a furlough to J Warren district will be pleased to
I return to ltisfoee and his honorable j learn of their intended Resumption of
i disilinrire from the service will fol-, residence here.
low. is the advice from Washington
through a private dispatch.
TO HOLD SALE.
The Ladies' Aid society of the Meih- Phelps Dodge corporation
odir-v church will hold a sale in Bis- er having headquarters
I
HERE MAKING INSPECTION.
A. T. Thomson and P. G. Beckett,
assistants to the president of the
the form-
PUMP MAN ILL.
Hilly" ;ian. a
Junction i:i: . is '
home in Wan en.
in Douglas
bee on April 1L Children's wear, and the latter in New York, spent
nmmi m:;ii ut the 'women's underwear and aprons will some time here yesterdav on an in-
.-eriously ill at his be sold. The place of sale and other
ceiails will be mentioned later.
CALIFORNIAN HERE. j
Mrs. Mary Sheldon of Ias Angeles
is in the city, visiting her sister, Mrs. ,
W. W. Waikins.
OVER FROM TOMBSTONE.
Paul Sn.iln. postmaster of Tomb-j
stone, was iu the city yesterday for a
lew hours on business. I
TO EL PASO.
Miss Grae Johnson of the Phelps
Do !i.ro rompany store in Ixwell and
Mi-s Katherine Kinsella of the Law-
j ell posiol'fic-e departed yesterday
I tuciniiig for El Paso, where they will
: spend v. two weeks' vacation.
spection. coming from Douglas. Mr.
Beckett formerly lived here and after
ward, prior to being appointed to his
present position whs manager of the
Old Dominion property at CJlobe.
HICKEY'S RACE TO
E LIFE BROUGHT
SAV
SMALL BOY STARTS LABOR MEETING WILL
BLAZE OF UNUSUAL BE HELD WEDN
DANGER IN WARREN
Business Locals
FORWARD BY DEATH
SISTER IS DEAD.
y.ra. j. m. IJotnenDerger or warren
BACK FROM COAST. ! received a telegram yesterday inform-
Dr. C. II. Hunt has returned from i ins her cf the death of her sister.
Los Angeles, where he spent about a Mrs. K. Fisher of Reading, Ta.
week ou a atation. i T!'' 4 1" second sister Mrs. Roth-
1 j enherper has lost by death within the
VISITS AT STARK.
Mrs. Hurry Long is Siienuiiisr the
week-end with Miss Verde. Arborn
; !;d her mother, at Stark.
r.lO!H!l
TIME, PLAGE AND THE
BEER IN QUANTITIES
Time: .1:10 o'clock yesterday after
noon. Place: At entrance to Willard serv
ice station in Lowell.
Scene: Motor truck with heavy
boarded sides. Men scrambling on
sides looking dryly at Its cargo.
'What's the excitement?" a late ar
rival asks. No answer is forthcoming.
TO RETURN SOON.
Mr. and Mrs. John Mason Koss are ; Island, t'al
expected tr return from New
about the on i of the ek.
lorkjthe hospital department. He Is on a
, furlough and will return to his post
. I within a few days.
TO VISIT BROTHERS.
J. I.. Ciiai.t has arrived here from j MUSICAL PROGRAM TONIGHT.
Kansas ity. Mo., to visit his brotti-j The Ladies' All societv of Jhe Meth-
ers.
hill.
; HERE ON F URLOUGH.
j William Payne, formerly an em-
; ploye of the imperial confectionery. Every spectator Is still busily engaged
lhas arrived in the city from Mare in looking drvlv..
where ha is a member ofj The late arrival scrambles to top
ia anl L. s. flrant. of School 0dist church will give an old-fasti-
J'JDGE RETURNS.
.lu Jr
past t-!W d:iys has been on biwiness in
Tucson. relurueJ to the city Friday
ni.-MU.
SHERIFF ON DUTY
Chief Deputy Sheriff Tom C. Foster,
who wr.s confined to his home Friday
suffering with tonsilitis, was on duty
yesterday.
OVER FROM DOUGLAS.
E. O. Porter, fennerly an under
taker in Toi::bstuie, was in the city
yesterday from Douglas, where he is
located now.
of truck. His eyes open, (wide iu
amazement. He says nothing.
The motor is started and a rush is
made by those on the truck to gain
the ground, amid the exclamations,
"let the sheriff pass," "wonder where
they're taking it," "where'd they get
j ioned musical program tonight (Sun-, it," 'wonder what the chances would
I day). Mr. English will give a read-,' be of a fellow s taking some or it.
mg, I he Songs Uur Motner Sang. I xo, genue reauer. u wasnt a mur
der mystery; just the excitement cre
ated by the sight of 4200 bottles of
Blue Ribbon beer laid in the bed of
. 1. -TV. It
Tn scsue eiiDDCD 14 luuior irucK. lue iiquur ns con-
I Thn wnmnn r. ha t.'. I ,hri.1,i.iP ....... ' ' ' " - -"
! c hurch will serve supper Wednesday J,ame F- Mnald. assisted by his
evening from 5:30 to 7, in the cafe-, " """
teria of the Y. W. C. A. A real. home. mi'es w?st of Douglas,
cocked meal will he served for 40 ,The liquor yesterday was being
cents. Starting at 7:15 there will be ken l Tombstone for disposition by
a short program, following which the "7,?ULy DU,?r" '4nu"' uu
members of the church w-ill hold an
L. Winters, who for the accompanied by piano. Mrs. C.
Thompson will speak.
BLEDSOE RETURNS.
Frank C. Bledsoe, local agent for
Ford automobiles, returned to the city
Friday from Los Angeles, where he
attended the automobile show in that
city. ' While in Los Angeles, Mr.
Bledsoe conferred with the sales rep
resentatives of the Ford company and
MRS SCOTT BETTER. j wa8 ass"re n aDunaant supply or
Mrs. J. W. stj of Warren, who ! cras ftr his trade during the present
HUGHES IS BETTER.
E. A. Hughes, county assessor, who
has been sick with pneumonia follow
ing influenza, was reported yesterday
to be somewhat better.
important meeting.
is
still an equal amount remaining In
Douglas wtiieh consists of wine, whis
ky and beer. Ftvo men are Impli
cated in the case.
has been confined to her home by a
severe bilious attack, was reported
last night to be much better.
year.
MAY GET TROPHY.
The possibility of Douglas' getting
a trophy from the battlefields of
France is encouraging, according to of-
BESSIE BARRISCALE
IN MYSTERY STORY
ATTEND SUPERIOR COURT.
Among local attorneys wno attend
ed the calling of the civil calendar j ficers of the Chamber of Commerce,
of the Superior court yesterday, were; of that city, who are in commuci
Sara H. Kyle and Fred Sutter. cation with Arizona representatives in
- j Washington regarding the securing of
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS. one of the German guns which, it is
The following messages are at the j announced, will be sent to this coun
Western I'niott for Librada de Lara, i try. In the event the trophy is se
Jno. G. Beiiows, Kos5i:o Lopez, Oscar, cured, it will be placed in the public
Griffith, Mrs. Sofie Demair, Mrs. App-! park.
McConias, V. Anderson.
I TO RETURN HERE.
DRIVER OPERATED ON. James S. Casey, vho for the past
James Driver, who has been ill fori two years has been in charge of the
some time with the dropsy, was oper- office of Ellinwood & Ross at Tyrone,
ated on Friday at the Copper Queen j x. jj., will return to Bii bee in a few
hospital and yesterday was reported i days and reside hero permanently,
to be showing considerable improve-1 He will resume his position with
ment in condition. j Ellinwood & Ross. Mrs. Casey, who
: is in Washington, D. C, will return
!S GRANTED FURLOUGH. j to Bisbee in about 31) days. Manv
Cpl. John E. .Sanders. V, S, marine I friends of Mr. and Mrs. Casey in the
Bessie Barriscale will be the star
at the Eagle theater for two days,
commencing today, in the screen ver
sion of Harold MacGrath's sensa
tional mystery story, "Madam Who,"
which created a nation-wide furore
among readers of fiction last fall when
it was first published in a popular
magazine.
The scenes are laid in the south
The death of John Baptice. a negro, :
at the age of So years, better known i
through the Arizona border district as
"Old Bat," recalled to the mind of ;
John Twomey of this city the story ofj
his part in the aftermath of an ainlm-l
scade by Geroiainio's Apache braves,
of Gus Hickey of Bisbee. and two com-'
panions, more than 30 years ago. j
"I have heard Mr. Hickey tell about ;
the affair a number of times," said j
Twomey yesterday. j
"Mr. Hickey, who was 27 years old
then, was out prospecting with two i
partners. Bunk Robinson and George
Bridges. In the Guadalupe can- j
yon country. Indians were known to I
be about, so when the three came
across the body of a newly killed cow
they immediately sought shelter be
hind boulders. 'iSooi the Indians open
ed fire on them. ? !
"The battle 'c6ntinued for several j
hours. Robinson and Bridges both
were shot and killed. Hickey held out
for a short time. then, as the Indians
showed signs of closing in on him, he
let down the bed of the canyon. j
"Shots Ilew all around him but he !
managed to get out of the canyon and
into the hills, finally reaching San
Bernardino rancl. owned by Col. John
H. Slaughter. " -
"It was decided to send after the
bodies and when a volunteer to drive
the wagon was called for. Old But
stepped out and Bald he would bring
them back. He did eo, making the IS
miles to Guadalupe canyon through
the Indian country and returning to
the Slaughter ranch with them.
"The bodies were taken to Tomb
stone, where after a coroner's inquest,
they were buried. For a long time I
had a newspaper clipping, giving Hick-
ey's testimony at the inquest, but nw
cently lost iC
"Muddy," the sin:;ll son of W. B. !
Ciohring. mining superintendent of the
Calumet Arizona company, and Mrs.,
Coining, sei fire to his father's garage
yesterday ulterncon when he built a'
bon lire against t.'ie side of the little
building, neur the ht:ne of his parents
at the intersection of Man.-.e and d' :
Autretnont streets in Warren. But for,
the quick action of Swan Erickson
and Mr. Alexis, who braved the dan
fer from explosion of a barrel of gaso
line and a barrel of oil in the garage.
it is probable that Mr. Gohring's home
would have been burned and the small!
boy incinerated.
Hie two men procured a chemical'
extinguisher, and going inside the
building, not only kept the fire from !
spteading to the volatile contents of
tiu two barrels, but saved the greater
part of the garage as well.
"liuddy," when Uie fire was well
underway, attempted to run into the
building to save his toys which were
stored Inside it. but wa-. restrained bv
Mr. Aloxi.i. '
NIGHTHAWK PROGRESS
CONTINUES FAVORABLE
A meeting of the community labor
board of Cochise county has been call
ed by J. C. While, chairman, for Wed
nesday night at 7::iO o'clock at the
Y. M. C. A., when a general "get to
gether" th subject of securing po
sitions for returning soldiers, sailors
and war worker will be taken up. Mr.
White will issue a pressing invitation
to the city council, county board of
supervisors and all employer to be
in attendance, in order tiiat the meth
od of bringing ahoistt 'nct co-operation
in all details may be worked
out.
.Mr. White said the idea of the board
was to urge upon the county and
city the urgent necessity of startin?;
upon public wo;k and keeping it go-n
on as !.:rge a scale as possible. The
start Khould be made at once.
Arrangements have been made with
the foreman of the our.ty highway
work near Tombstone to ernpicy a
considerable number cf men an rao
idly as room can be made for them.
V,'. It. Ashurst, I". S. employment
agent here, is sending out from eiht
to ten a week. v
There also is an opening for first
class carpenters at Fort Huachuca on
government buildings, according to a
telegram received yesterday afternoon
by Mr. Ashurst.
ATTENTION
Stockholders of the I'nited Chino
: Oil &. Refining company are ui gently
, requested ;o a'tead the meeting a! the
City Hall en Wednesdjy. January 22.
at 7 p. iu.
i 2 : .1. I". TKI FKKT.
Read Miller's cJv in tms issue, it
; will save you t ?- 2''.
BLACKSMITH COAL
Just ui;lo'.idcd one ar ijt AjJi
smithing coal. Brophy Carriage com
pany, Lowell. i2
; NOTICE
! Elect ricJl wirit.g prcmp'ly done, by
P C. Lym :.ii. I'hotie t,nl r, to 4t'.
Bisbee. ''
Dr. play-fair, osteopith. 3S Mason
Hill, .i:.sou car "Hoy I'tioue Blue 6 17.
L. I- Gilrncn iet!s the New CJixoo.
Tne Bhonu,;ro;.ti With a So'l.
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tomhstjue. Leaves Bisbee.
Bisbee Auto company. 7:4j a n . 1:30
p. m. I'iione Bisbee 5. Adv.
I
LOWELL BUILDING IS
SOLD; PRICE $20,000
Progress of development at the
Nighthawk lease, near Don Luis, con
tinues to indicate the proximity of an
ore body on the 4"i0 foot level.
The winze in the south drift, which
is directly in the fault along which
work is being directed, has been tim
bered and sinking recommenced. At
500 feet, SO feet below the 450 level,
the bottom of the winze is showing
streaks copper oxide, running 5 per
cent.
In the raise on the same fault, at a
height of 30 feet, a streak of black
copper oxide which persists, has been
followed. It is in this direction that
the management is convinced an ore
body lies.
Visit Miller's store. Big clearance
! saie in action.
TOO LATE TO CLASSIFY
WANTED Experienced help for tail
oring. Only first class tailoress need
apply. Must understand the work.
Fruitman'g Fashion shop, . Main
street. ' 73
FOR SALE Eight rooms of furniture,
?1G0, or separately. HolOrook stop.
Xaco road. 72
WANTED Board and room with pri
vate family. J. m. T., Box 3001, Lo
well. 7J
NIGHTS OF COLUVEUS DANCE
At the Pemi hall Saturday. January
IS. Adie.isisoti $1. Larger the cro'd
the better. !:
NOTICE
Commencing January 2'J I will sell
all groceries at cost price. Strht'.y
cash. Come in and look al the priies.
93S GIS HICKEY.
Painter and Paper Hanging. Signs.
C. J. BRANDT
Box 1D0 27 Broadway. Phone 45S.
PIANO LESSONS
given by graJua'e of Saees Acad
emy. New York. Thcrough and cor
rect instruction for beginners or
advanced scholars guaranteed.
MRS. MARQUETTE
Opera Drive O; p. High School
One of the largest realty deals to be
transacted in the district for some
time will be closed as soon as the
necessary papers are drawn up where
by Harvey C. Saxby and Billy Rob
inson become owners 01 the Mason
building, in Lowell. The building is (
on a 200 by 3uu 1001 101, uirecuj j
behind the Lowell waiting room. Mr.
Saxbv could not be got in touch with I
during the period of the civil war, but 1 yesterday but ' it is understood the ,
the elements to conflict do not enter 1 consideration was $20,000. The deal :
into the story which centers around was handled directly. j
the thrilling adventures of a young hile not definitely kuown. It Is ;
southern girl who, while working in believed by realty men in the city ;
the secret service of the south, is cap- that it is Mr. Saxby s intention to;
tured by a band cf 11 masked men, wreck the present building and erect
whom she knows to be agents of the a modern apartment building on tne
enemy, and ia forced Into marriage ; site
Today
ONLY
I
VRS
THEATER
Continuous
From
1:00 to 11:00
P. M.
PARAMOUNT FICTURES CORP. Presents CECIL B. DeMILLE'S PRODUCTION,
WE 7 fS 9
V V W
JACKSON BEATS RUSSO.
with one of them. Throughout the
story the identity of the unknown !
husband remains enshrouded in niys-
terv and is not solved uniil after a I PHILADELPHIA, Pa.. Jan. 18.
rapid series of soul-stirring incidents, j Willie Jackson of New York easily ;
. butclassed Jack Russo of New Or-
ln a six-round bout here to-
Read Miller's adv in this issue, it ; leaus
will save you f $ $ $. 26 j r ight.
Today & Monday
Continuous I to II p. ra.
From the Novel by RUPERT HUGHES, featuring
KATHLYN WILLIAMS, ELLIOT DEXTER, THEODORE ROBERTS and all star cast
They all got what they wanted, but how they got it ! That's what makes this such
a wonderful drama. ..Also, a Paramount SENNTUTT COMEDY, in two reels
chuck full of laughter, Featuring FORD STERLING and LOUISE
FAZENDA in
Theater I "the summer girls"
MYSTERY CLANKING MYSTERY GASPING MYSTERY TWANGING
Lower floor, 13c, war tax, 2c, totaL 15c Balcony 9c, war tax lc, total
Reserved seats 22c, war tax 3c, total 25c
9
10c I
?-..' t-i
. . . Z
11
4
IF?-
w T V r "" 1 A -A
BRILLIANT LIGHTS, tJAIETY,
click on window pane -one man
pales.
SOME WHERE, mad rider tear
ing across country.
FAR OFF two divisions surrounded
Their fate, who knows
IN THE UNWRITTEN CHAPTER OF AMERICAN HISTORY
66
WHO
MATINEE
TODAY ONLY - 2:00 P. M.
M
FIRST CAVALRY
,9?
IVJiii
Seven
PARTS
Seven
MUSIC BY
GribbiesOrcbestra
T
A THRILLING PLAY OF CIVIL WAR TIMES. A PLAY OF SUSPENSE,
MYSTERY AND ACTION
(fi)ir (fi) Comedy
VLJ 'BEACH SPORTS"
1 1
i
PRESENTING A GORGEOUS MINSTREL FIRST PART AND
Big Vaudeville Acts
60-People-60
THE CRACK FIRST CAVALRY
ADMISSION; Children, iOc; Adults, 15c Reserved, 25c; This includes the war tax. If
Balcony 50c, war tax, 5c Total 55c Lower floor, $1, war tx 10c. Total $1.10
i JlnJ? ttV ofy ttOl-
mm
I
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
THE ifisDEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1919.
VOL. 21, NO. 216.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MINES, MINING, LOCAL STOCKS AND. COPPE
MINERS IN JEROMElNSPIRATiON HAS
AID UNCLE SAM IN SUDDEN INCREASE
FIGHTING BATTLES IN LATEST REPORT
i
Employes of United Verde j December Figures Lowest
ROOSEVELT'S CAREER MOST EVENTFUL ONE OF GREAT AMERICANS
Alone Subscribe $300,000
in Liberty Bonds and Sav
ings Stamps During War
JEROME, Jan. IS. United Verde
lent Tncle Sam nearly $300,000 last
Since Last February; Fig
ures on Production at Close
of War Lack. Significance
MIAMI, Ariz.. Jan. IS. Inspiration's
produi tinn of copper in December of
7.35o,(hm) pounds was tno lowest re-
year to help him fight-the war for I j)0,.te(j by the company since last Fel
humanity and then, when that import- j raary. when output was beginning to
ant' job was finished, to bring his Set back to normal alter the disas-
1 J ' trous strike which started in July of
fiehtc rs nome. ! j- .,:0,e this event Inspiration was
This dees not count what the L n'-' urf.du-ins moiitblv in excess of 11,000,-
ted Verde compativ itself lent, which 1 iiou pounds of copper, but it was al
was an enormous' amount, but what ! most a year later that output got with
. ii,-o I in striking distance of what the com-
the employes of the mine, exclusixe .
of the smelter. Invested in Liberty j In vjew 0j lne heavy copper produc
bonds, baby bonds, and thrift stamps, j tion of the past few years to supply
Aside from that they made heavy , the fighting forces witn red uietai,
ccntributions to the Red Cross, the
V. M. C. A., the United War Work
fund and other organizations that
were helping the boys over there.
As nearly as Charles S. P. Gardner
head timekeeper, can determine, the
amount which the V. V. mine em
ployes advanced the government is
right close to $294,000.
Baby Bonds
He has absolutely accurate figures
on babv bonds and thrift stamps. Be
tween January 21, when the stamp
bein at the X- -. ana
campaign . . -- .hirh fln increase. nf annrovi-
December 31. 1918, as savings ana
sales totaled $100,574 ot. ;. i------ -V"
monthly figures from now cn will not
be significant. It is the general un
derstanding that mining companies
will restrict production until such time
when the prevailing surplus is almost
disposed of and domestic require
ments show indications of increasing.
It cannot be expected that exports will
run very large, as both England and
Prance are reported to have a large
surplus on hand, the former having in
excess of 60,0'i0,000 pounds, which is
more than sufficient for some time to
come.
For the 191S year Inspiration pro
duced a total of 98,525,000 pounds.
thrift stamD
The total for December was 5.026.91,
a. substantial advance over November
but not as much as for several months
of last spring and summer.
Liberty Loans '
Garden's figures for Liberty loan
subscriptions are not so complete as
hii stamp records, but they are accur
ate enough for all practical purposes.
In the first end second Liberty loan
campaigns the company made no ef
fort to induce its employes to sub
scribe. Many bought through the
banks but some asked the company
to handle their subscriptions, which
wr.s cheerfully done. Total subscrip
tions handled through the timekeep
ing ofi'ices in those first two cam
paigns were about $10,000.
When the third loan campaign came
along an aggressive campaign was
carried on to acquaint U. V. mine
employes with the merits of Uncle
Sam's securities as an investment. A
100 per cent record was made, every
single one of the 1.278 men on the
payroll subscribing to at least a $30
bond. The company made arrange
ments for subscribers to pay for their
bonds on exceptionally easy terms so
that no ore could possibly be pinched.
The total amount subscribed to this
loan was $S2.000.
Another 100 per cent record was
made in the fourth loan drive. There
were 13.o0 men on the payroll at that
time and they subscribed for $97,000
worth of bonds. In addition to this,
subscriptions were made by electri
cians and other workers through their
unions to the amount of more than
$5,000, bringing the fourth- loan total
to over $102,000.
At present practically all the fourth
loan subscriptions are paid. Many
paid cash for their bonds which many
more- paid long before the install
ments were due
vious year. This comparison, however,
is in no way a fair one as in the last
four months of 1917 Inspiration show
ed only 13.0o0.00O pounds, while the
first sjx months' output amounted to
77.000,000 pounds, the company not re
porting any production for July and
August. But for the labor shortage so
prevalent last year Inspiration would
have been able to make a much better
showing.
The recent declaration of the. reg
ular quarterly dividend of $2 per
share, a rather unexpected event in
view of the reduction of the Anacon
da dividend, is a strong proof that
directors see no reason yet why the
present rate cannot be maintained.
Whether this can be paid three
months hence depends largely on the
price and the domestic demand for
the red metal.
NEW MEXICO MAKES
GOAL MINING RECORD
ALBUQUERQUE. X. M.. Jan. 18.
Coal mining has been New Mexico's
most important war industry. In this
activity, the slate has made a credit
8 bio record without more than touch
ing her vast deposits.
An increased coal production of fi00,
000 tons in 1918 over that of 1917 Is
reported by 'he stat-i fuel adminis
tration. Miners' wages have been
iaiscd from 60 to 65 per cent. Sev-f-nty-five
per cent of the increase in
the price ol coal Is due to the in
crease in the price in wages, it is
officially stated.
Thi& augmented output has re
leased immense quantities of fuel oil
for nai-.il nflfl militarv numnsna If
It is doubtful if any otber industrial ,s c;:peCted tlr,: in view of the pres
plant in the nation has the record fnt shortage uf oil. coa! will continue
for standing behind the government ,0 ,)e use, as fue, bv largft in(iustripSi
that the United Verde mine has. especially rows mil i-melters.
Aiming New Mexico's war plants li
TROY ARIZONA FINDS
OPENING UP BLOCKED
i j i ' - - - ? i i t
The late Theodore Kocst vcU in his
rcughriding days, as a bi;: game
hunter in Africa, and the most re
cent photo of him.
The story of Theodore Hoose
"velt's life will po down in history
ss the most eventful oisp in the
records of America's great nion.
The dominating note in Roose
velt's life was his powerful wiil
and energy. He gained fame as an
author, statesman, naturalist, ex
plorer, scientist, lecturer and sol
dier. He served his country in the
president's chair and other state
positions, and on the battlefield.
r
.1
WORK OH 11 DRIFT TO m
GRODNO PROGRESSES RAPIDLY AND
FAVORABLE ORES ARE ENCOUNTERED
Ventilation Offers Serious and Expensive Problems aj Lower
Levels Are Driven; Employes of Calumet & Arizona Are
Returning Slowly to Their Former Positions With Com
pany; All Receive Redely Welcome to Mine Personnel
While the d'ifts which hive been underway for the last year Irom t'.i
Junction shaft to the Demi-Arizona line, have not yet reached the or lndi'-
opened by .h Uenn. the drift on t-'te 100 foot level is in v.-ry favcrabie look
ing ground. The Junction drkts are on the 1400 and 10HO leveN.
Driving toward the Denn, particularly on the lower ve, has b-ea both
teiiiom and comuv. The venti'.latlon problem has been a hard one t-j o-.t-cme
and has delayed operations somewhat.
However, with the rich ore body opened in the Denn from the 10'") foc.t
lev-l to tie 1600 as a goal, the C. A. doubtless will be well repaid for ti.e
time, effort and money expended.
Leads Toward Junction
The Denn ore body carrit-s directly into tlie Junction ground, according to
mining men. the one factor remaining to be determined being its extent.
This is t!ie largest piece of strictly development work in new territory
the ('. & A. pet pie are doing at present. No developments of particular in
terest in the mining operations were reported during the week.
Employe Return Slowly
The slowne-s of the return of former employes of the Calumet Ari
zona mining company from the army, navy or war work in which they hae
been engaged. U a matter of wonderment for the official of th company.
Altogether, the Calumet Arizona sent -447 men into the country's service
as shown by company records. Of this number less than twenty f:ve have re
turned here after being discharged. All of those who have returned have ben
put back, to work as soon as they applied.
Company Service Flag
The company service flag can show stars for its general mauasr, four
iren from the accounting department, six frcm the purchasing department,
two from the Essaying department, eight from the engineering department,
one watchman. IS from the mechanical department. 14 electricians four carpv n
te,rs. 17S from the Junction. 120 from the Briggs tr.J Hnalson. 1" from the
Cole ?nd 37 from the Oliver shaft.
As far as is known here, there have been no casualties araoig C. t A.
emnloyes, either in the army, navy or marine corps. The casualty !i hu
teen watched rather olcse'.y, but without. r.?.ult. so far as discovering tt't
names of c"n:panv employes in them was coneerr.ed.
Anxiouc for Return
Just when the C. - A. hord wiM begin c return In any number to re
sume, its positions is not known and nowhere in the nation is the sound
of feet o' Johnnie as he cr.nies maThirg home listened for with more anxiety.
Among the men are many old andvalued employes who will lie needed in the
new era of company development.
CALUMET AND JEROME DRAHD ISLAND WILL JEROME VERDE SHIPS f
REFORTS OH BOREIIiG SOQM BE PRODUCING RECORD PRODUCTION
la a circular to the stockholders the JE'O.Tr. .I:ui. IS. Announcement
Calumet & Jerome Copper company that i' e Grand Island Mining corn-
says in part: pany will probably be or. a producing ?!1 it.-: records in December.
Development work was suspended basi.-; soon, and tht the stock is soon
on the deep workings during the lattor to be lifted in Los Angeles or Titts
part of September, 1918, after 2000 'bnTa, vas rr.t le today by Manager
feet of diamond drill work had been Robert K. Moore.
Gadsden Progressing
A most excellent record for rapid work is being maintained bv the Gids-
den mine af Jerome, in which many local people are Interested. I.it week'
driving on the loo lerol to strik the main f iult. was M feor. This h-v
been pva!!rd several tine, while the averaee amount o' work done in cev-n
(lays is better thai; 70 feet. The drift now Is about l'lr'rt fee? cu from the
fbaft in the direction of the main fanlt where it is hored o eneonn-er an pre
body. The drift now is in qmrtz porphyry, slightly mineralized, bu not s-i'
'fioient'y so to be considered a leadirg feature in development.
JKROME. Jan. 18 In quantity of! Start Work on New Chanoe Room
, ,,, ,., T,, . vr,i hroVc AVork was sirte(j during the week on the new rhanee room n'
i Lowell shaft, 't being pi't of the system of scientifienl! v arran?il eh'-'-'-e
rooms planned hy the Phelrs Pode corporation, Conner 0'ieen brrnrh. a" 1
sim'l ir in i'r arranemept to thoie at the Crar and I'olbrock mi"es.
Jerome Ver.le sihipments to the
Dc.-r.her'a-rl:ist 4 SI In November' vr'"n th l?" h roon has been completed, a rew ch"e ro--i
hnd Si I In October October and No- w!" h" h''"' at the C-ner. complefinT the eouinment of the entlr dirio.
ver.iber shlrments were low because Th nrranpen-ent of these change rocni is such that the di?-He c!rth
completed. This diamond drill work Listrnt? will bo accomplished in six 0f influenza and other difficulties. of th men. jnr,tPfH of s'arlne tp stuffv lockers and rem-iinlrg wet f-om hit
consisted of the drilling of several or seen works and the chances at The ore shipped in December aver- to shm. are drawn bv p-.''l!es to the roor and dried by exposure to t. ir
" 1 C A AnmAV 11 1 1 n I II 0 . 1 1 . . , tr 1 . . If J . I . . . -. .
.i. ,.i..c t-,n" nr.-ir tlm - . ,,-iu Hot. v 1 -" ' I" r ;cu,- "Trt1. p-npq py sie'.m leal.. 1 fiev are scieniiucaiiy neaieu ana suppna
ond 2.54 ounces silver. That
winze, also two horizontal drill holes 0$ j pittshur?h. where there has lorg sh!pned in October averaged 9.4 per
baths.
in the face of the .o. l crosscu t, ine , , ri , . illterc!). in Grand r.-nt cornier. .09 ounces gold and
down holes especially the one near Preliminaries will be disposed ouoes silver.
the winze, showed a highly mineral- ' , ,m Drobabilitv the total ship-
ized black sheared schist with con- of in short order and then tho stock mnt;'1JprprJabna ,!jf bT JliKh,ly
siuerame cnaicopyriie anu iroa pjnic. musi ne cane;; lor nun uas w.uic i0,ver ,j,an for December. Conditions
The other down holes also showed a trading actuilly beciti3.
great deal of schist, some of which
was well mineralized.
This sheared zone warrants further
exploration, as the thalcopyrite ora
cut on the GOO foot level and also the
diamond drill cores indicate the prob-
New Suoply House Near Completion
Built along lines promising to offer strong resistance to future fires, the
new supply warehouse of the Phelps Dodte corporation. Copper Queen divis
ion, on the s'te of the one dest'oved bv fire October .11. now is re.r for
ia the Maintop ore body are not quite ; neennancv. The construction of the new building has been rushed in order to
T-'ie shaft is now down a lit tie over so rood for extraction. At Present d m. ... hollst, oomnanv sunnlies.
t.oij feet, according to S'.iperin'enaenl :iie ore seems to oe pincjiing uui sr
Charles Anderson, who is in town to- crai pinches and swells have been en
oa. it ui oc bu..K auoui ... . i ''..'" ,,',.. , lindr composed of wooden studding covered with asbestos paper with layer o
for snmn nnnioses and then a station Down on tlie l.00 toot level, unaen .
will be cut on the MO nrior to cro?-i- the Maintop body, a antt nas neen:
In order to rive it fire resisting nualities, two fire walls have been bir'lt.
div'dlng the building Into three main compartments. The firp walls are
The f'oors are of concrete, poured on a wooden
able presence of ore bodies at greater cuUlv, llor,i,ward for the big ledge." run northward 450 feet on the same sub-floor.
depth. The horizontal holes in th
face of the No. 1 crosscut cut a soft
the zin-.- f,xide factory at Waldo, in I sheared zone of green schist about V)
inta Fe county. It has operated , feet in width, which was al?o well
' continuously on ores from New Mex-1 mineralized in .places with chalcopy-
ieo, Arizona and Colorado. Its pro-! rite Iron pyrite and shows a second
duct has been used in the manufac- large sheared zone in which it is reas-
iture ff paints for America's warships onable to suppose ore deposits exist.
and in making rubber tires for Yank! Labor conditions were very bad.
GLOBE. Ariz.. Jan. 18. Opening up r.rmy trucks. land the men available were inefficient
of the old Pratt tunnel at Tre.y-Ari- i Since New Mexico is not a manu-! and demanded exorbitant wanes. Sup
.nna has hee.n somewhat dolaved bv faoturiii'S state. Is is not confronted 1 tilies and materials were almost im-
Xtii roviniateiv "50 feet of crosscutting sheared lone. The face of this drift ( Plans are being formulated for the installation of an automatic spmkier
will he nrcc sary to reiich that object- is now in jisper sprinkled through system which would extinguish any fire In its inception and make impossible
ive. with iren. Altogether the formation anv Sllcn .oavj- ioss a, w?s experienced in the destruction of tVe old sniiply
At present the shaft is bottomed in is exceedingly favorable and the drift 10use
ertremely hard schist carrying some is being pushed ahead with all jios-.
iron sulphide. I-ast. month t.'ie rhaft sihle speed. j
was sunk 104 feet, which-is good pro- In the region northeast of the Co- (
I. ..lo- ti.n hoi-H ci-mirwl binibia shaft diamond drilling has
which w-.s 'encountered all the wav. 1 n suspended for more than a week. ' est which the company has reported for a number of years, amounting ti
In thr? nieantima drifts are to be due to rods being stuck in a caved . 0S1.000 pounds as compared with 11.54S.OOO in the preceding ye:ir This
started on the samo lede near the hole. Kfforts are being made to pull showing i.s i-11 the more unfavorable when it Is taken into consideration th:U
surface and it Is expected mat ore in" reus out iu'i;i ami o. i uuu m i?) i operations were seriously curta.ieu in tne laucr nan oi i ;ai year w
Shattuck Production Falla Off
In the vear just closed. Phattuck-Arizona's output of copper was th !-
the fact that a bad cave-in was found .with the problems of readjustment of possible to obtain and then only at ill bp taken out which will pay for that within another day or two drill-ja general strike of employes among the copper producers. December's outp-it
at the bend in the tunnel according to ! ar Industries to peace needs. Its , prohibitive prices. Therefore, it was freisrhtinc to fie I'. V. Kxtention ing can lie resumed
Supt. John C. Devlne. As a result a : mines and smelters can continue In , decided to close the deep workings un- smelter :t Vo-do. H'-turns should
I of SOti.DOO was not onlv the lowest for 191S. but th smallest since July
new drift has been started cutting full blast, for a world under recon-jtil conditions improved, which would p;,v a heavy percentage of the co: t !
NORTH BUTTE.
lof the preceding year when production was just beginning to pick up after the
" ' l . . . 1. . i -
IIITT1' I,.nf 1-i ii IV Th Vnrth 1 " " " ' ' ,l ' '
a ..,., I -a., lmr.t in i hi. mi lie' . .!..... f r.. f.,. .1... !:i.tt, . onit.anv reports for December' l""l,rr s marKeu lauum ou in . .-..i
rt.ij-viv.7iii'-. '" :u ti ('. i ii 'k imii nil iif iv i(.i .... -
and 103 patented mining cl-.ims. which js four feet wide. The sulphide slre:,k a v. onij.it or 2. -:''. -"i07 poiituis of cop-j
CLAIMS FUNDS USED ILLEGALLY. ; adjoin the Ventura claims of the I'ni- is from 12 10 20 inches wide and car-' pt r. 97.44:! ounces or silver. 153 ounces
I ted Verde Copper company on the ries good Conner and gold values. The of told.
WASHINGTON. Jan. IS. A chargejwost an(j H(,uth, was purchased for copper avorr-g-s 10 per cent, and the' This compare with 1.S02.SS5 pounds
that Preside!. t Wilson had illegally ! rash. The I'niled Verde Copper com- eld from S2 to JS0 a ton. This same or copper. 7'.'.74S ounces of silver and
given t".0i0,O(i0 of his war emergency nanv owning the other one-third inter- ledt'e was crosscut on the 2'Ml fool II." (lines of gold in November and
fund for the formation of a private i est was purchased in the Ohio, un- level, where ii was materially wider. I with 2.019.7SS pounds of copper, S0,
corporation known ' as "the War!patonted claim which loins the Von- : i!i'i o nines of silver and 134 ounces of
I ir October.
across the angel formed by the old struction needs metals and minerals , probably be after the end of .the war. of development.
tunnel, and thus avoiding the portion; as me.cn as a world at war.
which was badly caved.
It is estimated that the caved con
dition at the bend In the tunnel may
delay the reaching of the ore-body
for about a month, but driving a new
drift across the corner will result
In considerable saving in expense.
It is now expected that the ore body
will be reached some time in Feb-1 Trado Board of the I'nited States tura South on the southeast end. This tunn-I should reach the vein ilur
ruary. I Itiv-siau Bureau. Incorporated" was These claims show some grade copper ir.g the latter part of this month.
That Troy-Arizona is on the way ' m.-Kle in the house to-. ay by P.opre- j glance and corbonate ore on t'ie mr- We are at present negotiating with
to large development, and will even- j sen! a ive ;ood of Iowa lcrin.' d lvt- face, a picked sample of v. Hon gave the Diamond Diilling company of San
tually prove one of the important I ':! '' SlC'iiiuo.imo Yi'l f-r Kur ipi- in returns of over 4' per cep in copper FiancKco for 2oun feet of ncl'iitional
producers of this district is the opin-! relief. ; w ith fnlr gold and silver value. A test drilling on the pro; c- ty. some of
Ion of mining men who have recent- ; shipment of this ore will probably be which will be done on this outcrop.
ly visited the property. It Is ex-! FAVORS HOUSING PROJECTS. made to the smelter at an early date. Our property Is far from thoroir-hly
peeted that shipment of ore from I I For the past few months a force of developed and Its location, in n :i-
the Rattler, vein, where sulphiilcs run- j WA.-HIN'CTOX, Jan. IS The housejmlners have been engaged in driving euro to oilier large producers, also
ning better than 10 per cent in the red pul.lie ImiMIngs committee today vot a tunnel to tap thn ore it crenter pieset t or" showing warrants further
metal have been encountered, will be-J ed as favoring the completion of all depth for the purpose of determining exploration. To this end diamond drill
jfin at. an early date. netdej housing project. ' the extent and richness of the deposit. . work will be started at an early date.
both lead and silver werp higher than 1917. due principally to the strike, but
were materially under production to more than 4"0.000 pounds, while silver is
approximately 700ci ounces higher.
Unsatisfactory Share Profits
Based on the results of the first three n'-'arters of last year, and the fart
CURTA'LMENT AT BUTTE.
l'.l "i I K. Mont , Jan. IS. The Ana-
nii-i ."!'i'iy has suspended relreat
l.iei't of t.-.i i."s at Washoe coiieen-
that production did not show any material increase in the last three month,
indications point to a very unsatisfactory year insofar a share profits are
concerned. For the nine months 1 91 S Shattuck-Arizona earned a total of
$t.ii0 per share cn the outstanding $3,500,000 capital stock. At this rate the
full twelve months should not see much more than $2 per share. This com
pares with $2 04 in 1917. $S.fS in 1917. and $3 2fi in l9lS.
With the price for the red meta! materially under that fixed hy the Va
Industries board, unless there is a better improvement In the near futur it
would seem rs if the present dividend rte of $1 per annum was In jeopardy.
;itor i;i 1 C" wit': curtailment policy
Washoe r.ineltire works now operat- Moreover, costs hsve ste.-irlily risen which, in the third nusrte-r of last yosr ran
ii a! .. ,i- i;u to ;) per cent of normal to 1541 r(nf!l ilr(1 -nhich compares with 13.14 cents for 1917 and
The Ncrth B'lfc list Saturday sus- -,K A.
Although most of the mining companies hare been compelled to rrdue
iii-nclfil s ill i iet 't:t of working forces to
eifect -i .j .ri ini:'lcly 4o per cent re-,
lin I U ii in ou;i'iii. ,
eCet)nurl o Pi Tur) TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1919.
Society & vents of Warren District
i x VI
Dr. von KleinSmid
Speaks at Y. W. C. A.
Dr. R. D. von KleinSmid spo'.te lo
a iarpe representative audience o!
women Thursday afternoon that more
than filled the recreation room of the
Y. V. (". A. The address was siv-n
under the auspices of tl.e Twentieth
Ventury ilub which' sei the necessary
machinery- in motion 10 secure hini as
soon as it was known that he )Yrr.i
been aide lo accept the invitation to
address the Men's Luncheon club.
Introduced by Mr. rhilibrook. Dr.
von KleinSmid immediately had th
attention of the entire audience dur
ing the whole hour. K:s subject was
on the reconstruction period and the
social problems we must meet ia or
der t; come 'i;t to tiie ideals of the
returuiiis soldier. The nemo i.tusl
be recognized as mi important f;tor
iu this work of social l et-oust ruction
liaviiiu shown bis fitnss i'i his ready
ii'sio::se to the call ot.tbe men of
thio country to ji?ot lor democracy.
He also dwelt upon the obliterini; of
all religions and the substitution of
the common effort as one of the bis
fac'ors in this new trend of th.i
Anions the lansiluir lace very much
intent and keenly interested ihrounh
the cntije hour were seen Mrs. K. K.
Kllin-.ood. Mrs. C. S. Thompson, Mrs.
John Bride and her sister, Mrs. C.
Hridpe: Mrs. Spauidinn, Mrs. Lyi.n,
Mrs. E. J. Flannisan. Mrs. George
t'obb, Mrs. llrakelield and many om
its. Tne hisli school pupiis were ex
cused and came down in a body.
The Twentieth Century club will
have a series of these monthly ad
dressee which are specially planned
lor the women of t ie district.
TRETTY DEBUTANTE
TO LEAVE CAPITAL
. --v - -t?
:;:v: v. ...--.,.- ;v: 1 1
V.-. ; - -r : . : ' . - , J
- 7:, V-'
Mr. Kurry Holds
Sewing Tea.
Mrs. Alexander Murry had ei.sht
tuesta on Thursday afternoon for a
.sewing tea. Shirts from the fled
Cross rooms ir. Warren needing some!
linishing touches in handwork were
completed besides some machine sew
ing. Those spending a very profitable
as well as enjoyable aitcrnoon were:
Mesdameg Jo!:n Foster, O. M. Saelid,
K. J. Croslin, Thomas Je well, V. A.
MtCjiiald, T. Shikamura aud Minton.
hi mji j i m m m n '
were Mesdanies A. G. MeGre-or.
Charles l. Woods, Kd Irving. J. K. j
Currv, Ivan Durness. Sam Frankeu i
ber.n, C. S. Thompson and Mrs. Frank
Wheeler.
A. C. H. A. Will Sell j
Hand-made Quilts.
The local chapter ot the A. C. li. A.!
met ai the home of Mrs. U . J. Siei: of j
Warren, mid decid'-d to increase the j
funds i.t the society i.y making (uilts
to seil to the public. Tiieie will no '
doubt be a lar .e .!c.i:nmi for them as .
they ai" seiliu.; ai ;i very reasonable
price. The r.exi nieeutig will be held;
at the .home ot .Mrs. Hoiuewood in
Warm:. AiaoliK t.iese picsetst wile
.Mesdimes McDonald, Chajiiiiaii. Mur- ..
ry, I'hipitei liekt. Uaal.cid. Hawe. O. i
I. Lilf;ei.l, r. A. W. KiiKebler. Shiku-'
tiiura, 'piiiks. Gai;e, Clink, Woods.'
Sies. !le:;:.'. ooo aiid Smith. '
4
B. sbte Residents at '
San Marcos Hotel. :
Dr. L. D. iiiekutts and Mrs. Iticketts j
are Kpi iiding the wimer in ( handler i
occupying one of the cottages in Hun- ;
galour park. A number of residents of ,
the Vv'anen district were stopping at;
the San JLaicos during the convention i
of the Amtrican Mining congress.!
Among those attending were W. U. j
Gohiing, J. b". Hauklierd. Taui Stevens, j
A. Yaljean, J. K. Curry and Grant 1L
Dowell.
Mr. and Mrs. Rider Be. urn.
Mr. and Mrs. Ezra Rider, who hae i
I roces.tly returned to the district after !
I tn absent ol several mouths in the.'
eusl in war woik are Jivini; 1:1 ine
Kennedy house oil the bjuievard 1
which they lrivc just acquired., ;
RECENT BRIDE OF
TITLED SOLDIER
,v s - K y - 1
. l" v v ' ' v " -' ' ' - - ' 4
f '. -v .-. -f V .- j .. V . v
: 1 " - .
v - . - n i I
' .."-.-.-. . ' , e- ..
' v ' i S J
-"''''' ' f v' 4
K , ''.'si f ' .; ?
' - - t ' - il
St. John's Guild
Meets in Warren.
Tiie t. John's ,uild was entertained j
at the home of Mrs. K. A. Crocker ou
Wednesday afternoon. Araor.g the
Shine. Dennett, Smiih, Lynn, Derriaus,
Diakctield, Armstrong, Edmmdsou,
O'Malley, Clack, lilair and Miss Wliuu.
The meeting on .'cbruary will t
t Mrs.- Armstrongs.
Well Known Women
Will Go to France.
Much interest centers around the
appointment of Miss Anita Post of
Tucson and Miss jane Gregg ol I'lioe
nix as the choice of the executive
board ol the State Federation cf
Women's clubs fcr Y. M. C. A. host
s.-es in France. Fach state is bend
ing two representatives which vvi.l
l'oini a unit representing the foremost
women of the land. Loth women are
well known here. Miss Gregg, cs sec
retary if ihe State Women's ciubs
iiiid Mis I'o.-t, as an instructor in ro
mance lauuaes- at the state uni-ver.-iiy.
Little Gir.'s Enjoy
Eirthday Party.
.M.s. W. II. Anderson entertained
Saturday aitertujon w:tn birtbaa.
jiatty ljr !ur ycung daughter, Lavou
liiieen, l fcer home iu lumusio::e
i a:;c:i. .'. ss M:unie Kt lly assisted
.u;s. Andes sou in j.Iunr:!;-." an cujoy
;:ble 1 iree lo; the littie ieiiis, 'ijrili;
ti:c ):') irs beiv.ecn 2 and 5. Appro
pi U.te H !.e.-:ini( nts we; ser.e lt.) Il i
,'i!,v. iiu iil'le trieinis, Hutii Ma, del:.
;. iu.i::j lurry. Mabel Wai nrintiioii.
Alia I'.; '., li ibeti and ClUiter Lain
lueyer a:.J Lesier Tchifhan.
Warre
Tiie
i r. I :
e.'y 1
.he :!..
1 s.
is Let:
r.cd Cross.
. :neu ia charge a I'.i.-. War
. i'.,.-s i.K)ins .i.-h lo make a
:i.i ; ic s:;-.!eui-rt in regard ie
lehi.u open ew.y ( ,y ex
11: day. The small 1 1 out rou.:.
t sed instead 01 the iarse
eiu.. i; oe:ng very
suiiin.
comlortable and
Coun.ry Club Bridge
CrJiy.-i:ie Affair.
'i h;i.:',e ,.::.-,y ?t t.;e Women'?
club I ?! ::iy aftena.i.u '..i.;! .M rs
Vance j . n.-ou ml Mr-. K !.'. Coief
a I;osj:-.'S wis a very drin. ml ai
lair. A urreut r.uii prcjrjin pre
ceded li." -,h.y;n;- ia wi.ieh tii" names
of ii. e .i.vtitr ui "11 1 men j.ro.ui'ie:,t
in the , ; v.eie brought i-: by tuiii
of :ht gv.;-i't ai.d their p.) iiloii in
:!.e orl.i:j events was di.-ci.-scd.
i'tu't'j! tl the ru ember: v,-::;r lorceu
in ; .!'!
o! ii.e."
Kyb'. c
and h:r
iloy
keli.
ii: their regrets on account
At.u.'::;; t'.esc pi. y'-'- were:
Den Fia.;keiil,ei g. miii II
10. lioiiv. it :ir. Ivan Lnrges:
. ister, Mrs. O'Dneu: .1. T
J:. ii. Laud'-s atij Ho- aid D.ir
rorrrrr urig neer is
Weeded in Battle.
M i's Artliur .Notlnan re'.t'.y ft
ceivd a b'Mi r irotn Lt I.eioy rvi i; 1 Ii
eil. v. i: v. ill ix- r'Sneinbi reil as a i.iin
i:ig -!ig;;:er.r Ai.n lli Plielj-s Ded.e
ccrpot :i.ii;;i. t'oppir (jii 1:! biai.th. in
!in h I.? HM i.;ioiid being v rj..;ji-;
Itit . no i. tails. A It (t.-r arriv
ing li 'I troni I, is luolht r gave th--story
as she li.nl ;o(cive! it liom a
brother oiticer. On September
Lieut, mini Mit'ledl and his ire v. in
charge ui a Sank, were plciighing
thiough iieay shell lire, when a Ivgb
eip'o ie sin i! f 11 on top of tiie tai:K
espl'iiiing inside, lt seems hardly lev,
than miraculous that they veic tin'
all kil'e-!. Mit.lnil although badly
V. OUilded. retrllei one of his l l e'v -.1111)
M '.it'l'erit-i! from aleokeii I.'l:. lien,
under the mass of burning debris audi
Miss Alice Requa.
Miss Alice Renua who is the
daughter of Mark L. Requa, head of
jthe oil conservation section of the
(United States fuel administration, is
one of the popular debutantes in
Washing-ton this season. Miss
Requa will not remain in the capital
throughout the entire social season,
however instead she expects to re
turn with her parents to their Cali
fornia home before spring.
took bin: to safety. lie ,was sent to
an Knglish hospital to recover irom
his injuries, which by the way is the
hospital at which Captain Ferguson is
siatioiie-d.
3. Y. P. U. Elects
Officers for 1S19.
'1 he D. i i". I', tit. : at t'.:e hojie
of Mrs. 'i'iuberts in Warren Tiles-Jay
jve.i.ng. The election i.i oilieers re
sulted in .Miss ayvilia Feiron, presi
dent: Mr. Ia id -;o:i, vice presideiit :
Miss .Mab. l Kcees, lecoidiag secre
tary; Mrs. Hilton, corresponding sec
retory and chairman of the social com
mittee: Herman 1 eeman, treasurer.
Tl. members presefl t'jat cvvuin
were: Misses sy villa Ferron. Chowu.
..larie .'.ttams. .-ilma lit an. I'hi.eiiu
:loH, ."iarie I rivelt. .Messrs. Herniun
licecier. Vein Canneii, -sicr (. o a
luiie. Nowliii Coibrai.o, Mr. Mi:;e-i,
Ait. Haii.pton ;::.d .mis. iii.ty:i.
Tubercular Worker
Visits in District.
Mis. John J. La.ie. the bi.ite s;n vy ,
nurse for the Anii-'f utercuioois So-1
ctely 01 Aiizoiia, is in the district to!
study conditions and bring belore the j
public the jtr-ent ne.essity oi' taking
up a practical educational program j
that will reach each ami e'. cry in Ji :
viduul in ortLr to com-;., uiis menace;
which takes oa che proi onion.; of ii
ccmmuiiity. state or national one1
i v. he:n neglected.
Mrs. Lane is stopping at the Y. W. ;
I C. A. and ii: an inter, lew laid much!
j s'.iess en tiie iuct that each s:aie i
J must, iii l.ia ir.irg to wage a fight
' against this far too prevalent disease,'
j su;dy its Oi.n conditions a.iu use;
j methods best suited lo them. Mrs j
I Lane has had a v, id.; experience and !
i .-'piendid training, wl.i.h especially tils'
I her for this work. ;:
"You in Arizona," i-l.o saii. "and in
! tact il is true of all the states of the'
' southwest, have a migratory indigent
i fiopulaiion on account of your wonder-'
j lul climatic conditions v-hien makes it
i even more necessary to see that caiii
The Countess of Carlisle.
The Countess of Carlisle, who mar
ried tne eleventh earl reiently, is the
daughter if the muster of lluthven.
The earl is a lieutenant in tne royal
navy l.ndv . Carlisle is considered
cue of tiie t.ea :t:es of the Hritish no
bility ami is an ardent worker for
the I'.ys retuMiiRc ftm the front.
person nr.t only knows how to care
lor himself, but tnat he actually, prae-1
tices it. Lven inougn tne numoer ot
cases here is small compared to many
; oi the- toi:s in Arizona, each case is
i not only a menace to the family bt
! to iiio community at large tttiiess the
proper prei autions are taken The:..
t jo. tne influenza ,ia:i deiuic will be
another contributory fc-.ctor in increas
ing tne number of cases of tubercu
losis if the proper preventative steps
are not taken."
in cic. ing. Mrs. Lane sui-.l she
wishid to iii'presr, upon the public the
great need of e.;uaii :ii in these mat
ters. The public schools hire ap.
mest progressive in already iur. ir.g
this work in (he sc'.'.o-.-l sysleru. U is
honed that there will not be a person
in the w'poie district who will not hear
(Contime-il on l';isn Four;
unexpected field. The most recent dis
' covery of interest is the fact that the
' country's youngest alienist is a mere
' girl as far as years are colieerm d.
I ' She is Miss Mary Frances Martin.
. 22 year old psychologist and expert on
' feeble-miiiiledii; ss. The young woman
! who. it is claimed, certainly may qual
I if as the country's youngest brain ex- ;
! pert, studieii for two years at Leland
i Stanford university under Dr. Louis N. '
Terman, who standardized intelligence
I tets. Then she attended Columbia
i for two years more. At present she
! is employed in New York city as an ;
; alienist in the school for defectives at
(ita.idall s Island.
i Dr. J. , F. Vavasour wall horn j
1 Miss .Vartin is associ-iled, belie.es!
that her phenomenal rise was due :o i
jthe unusual aihantages of study she
ienjojed, especially under Dr. Ter-j
I man. '
M:ss .Martin was "discovered'' I
j when she had lo testify at a recent
supreme eourt hearing and although
the woman lawyer who was conduct
ing ihe case against her did all -she
could to prove that the young Caii
lornian could not rank as an expert
psychologist sue was unsuccessful.
Miss Martin testified that she had
examined 4' mentally deficient peo
ple since her appointment last year.
Miss Tarbell
Sails for France.
j Miss Ida Tarbeli, who sailed for
I France on January 7 to study Fu
I ropcan conditions, presented a new
j angle en the "returned soldier"
! question in a speech made just be
1 fore she left.
! "Whe'l ili " iiimi nun ,m,i, irei-i . , 1 1 -
owu country return from Europe wo
cannoi. meet them casually and take
MP the old relations where we lett
off when they went away," she said.
"Instead we will have to try t.a
fathom that experience and take up
life again on a new plane."
For the women of France and Eng
land this readjustment of self will
not be so difficult. Miss Tarbell be
lieved, because the war has touched
them mere nearly. It has come in
to their homes, and from the first
they have not been cut off from the !
men who were going through it. For
thm, therefore, there is no strange
chasm to bridge. But the American '
women have been entirely cut off j
from the war, and they have no key
to the change that has taken place
in the souls of their men. There-!
fore it will only be by loving observa-,
Your money in our Bank will be absolutely se
cure, ar.d making more money for you workin?
day and night, rain cr shine, -"hither you arc sick
or well or taking a vacation.
4'r ON SAVINGS ACCOUNTS
Bank with us.
r:iyi " v.' -(Sv."'' '. '-.-
Avalzz'.e Foiicv.s
Dinner at Hotel.
1 ues.l :-ig:il -;.'. a"'! M.r 11. V.
joi:;i'.e,:i e-ii; :! ..iit i d :'v. .aid e". :
J. 'J'r.Cil:3-;;il ..i i:.:.:.. . a. I. Cc. :ier:
ii . i j iit.: A . . ry i:. iii .aa-
sical program v.a : , cd l. :r i.i
l.e pi.r:-Ji:;. .-.::. l.,.i:c.t.i. e:ie o: tile
gu sti. at..yi;g a: lt- hoioi :.: i a:i '
n-i errwiisn u :, a:, i Mis
e.e.-a :;t ti;t j; .no ; .1 '. eral'
li i.i T. i c ,;ti M. '.a.;: ..1 -,a.:g
deligi.ti.iilv.
Of Interest to Women
The armistiie and the end of the liet.-elf fche itianagtd to spread Ainer
great war does not mean the end of j iean i'itas cud policies among the
war work by any means. The only i Ge rman people, usir.g S .v itzeriand as
difference is that now wajr work v ill
ljj talied recousiruetion work and will
he adapted tor the needs of peace
times. Many people are hastening tc
SUFFRAGE LEADER '
SAILS FOR FRANCE,
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weter & Co.. Boston, Duluth, Calumet
LOGAN & ERYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN CCPPER STOQK
A- J. CRAIG, Independent Gasfitter.
ALL KINDS GAS V0!"!K MY SPECIALTY. Gas Water Heaters anit.
Ranges installed and repaired. Gas piping work guaranteed. Prices
reasonable. Phone 2E3, care H. E. V.'ootton, Res. Phone, Black 702.
a base n operations.
For the presi iu siie
ciicaluting pii.pauanila.
conference.
v ii: arsist in
al the peace
Medical f'an ,s
Awarded Crojs. ;
Another very ir.;eri'sli:'.j war epi-i
. cite i- the honor ot the I. U. C. to he ,
oiuerred on Licittenaat '.V'alkins lor
naveiy in i.seaia., aiid caring tor,
honnile, in Ho- .ate ui heavy shell
iire. it is a lare lli.ng lor a debtor to
reieiie this hoi.it as his post winie
..i the liai.ger one. does not place l.iia
where he v onl'i have li.e opjan tunity
10 do actual rescue erk on the hat- '
tie Iiela. Ju i jti'iur lo the sieni-.iH
j the armti'.iee i.ieii) riuui Aain.ns'
vas lecoliinieiiiiid tor a captaincy.
Bap.isC Ladies' Aid
Plans Food oa.c.
dr.v S'-ii;.ii' ; i e-rtaitieil tiie m. m
aers of lie- l .eei.! l.:e!i..'s' Aid ai iu r
tn.uie oa Si in id hill. '1 ne linai j.ians .
tiie loeii e .. e.c ieriec;.ii and;
.Me.-tlanic I.i i i , lia.l and kinlzh-r j
vill tit- in chaice i t tin sale lo be .
acid al An lis gnaeiy More. With
.ne oi.eo.ii el u. new church on '.
.Main Si.":e in . iew we-eks the mei t-1
.11..4 ot U.c A.l ..ul ue held in the
ruiiren loom.- .will Lie excep'ion ot
.iie monthly m.ssieliaiy iii.eti,iP-,.
'ni !: is to I v henl ai lile hoiues ol
.lie m.'iiiiii'i 'I lue,e pleseili last
iltji.-il.iy ji'i r.:t en wee .l estla.ines
n. i! ( oepir, . U i. ei. II.
.-.i:.t.., J. '. i'll.l,.., J. (.'. i.as.-UI,
....i'l Aia-n Mi.i -Vi... leiiiei.
j-.ois I'live to Warren.
i i... Jie. i ar- 1 . i : : in '.Va.-
; ,: I.: t!i. . o.i-e len.ieily tn i .jjiied
iv '-. ' alien ... I .res.
A-io'.her Chain f".irty.
J;-. ('. .M J...iin s chain p.itiy
jiii-sc piayi:,.; lanti en .Mmuiay ait
!i lloo:i v.ere M et.ll.l 'le - -1 li. J. Mitchell,
f. V. hitely :, ul i'raak heei.-r.
.v jii en Vlomcn Arc
Country Clufc H( o'.ubuts.
.Mrs. : . I: i;.,!ii iiii; ai.d .'ir.. K. H
A'lllte!.. v.. re the heslcsheh at Ihe
'oin.t'y tiiiti Sat in day r.tu-i noon. A
1 1 1 1 i t nt th ... " eli'. hostfs-es for
le -.lilt lei;.'. :i':.H! ll.ei tll'lf. iel
llide. Alll' il . those I ilii'l -tail. illg
ft- . ' : Vrw : i25v
f 4 - V'-' ex- .
ft rJh
. . -.-'.. 'i j
' -v.- e
SO -'
1 WfZKJa
I Is Ye -r Hucoind
I An Alien I
If l.e is" you had ;)et.ir put away
uli pt.liiicui ;ar.!fi':nns or yi.t.rstil
or yon may sh:iu-ii.i-e ;.;r; y..ur-clf in
tiie pcsitio.i Ct th,' i'(.i!ll-. y...i kie
; vii z, who a tn o::i. v.oiiiun to
t win ia the tec. ;:i i '.!'i:U..ie:,iary elec-ti.;:l--
i.i ,:u:ei. Sue is no-,'.' 111-et:i-ii!
to ia (e iv: t.at Ii -uj - she
, is ;.:, . I.e.. 1 . i.iai'1 ;.!j.o. The
' :i.i:ii .-.s ieai i'lei. a l'( l::-n count.
Car. mir ilainin ne j.kievicv, in
ii-l'e. lie waa iiuVr-r nata! a.izt:d.
Kwii 11101.011 she was eligible,
houeve:', the enm.te.,3 would 1101
take her .-e-t for nia:iy ieaso::s. In
the iir.-: plaie sbt l: a S an l ei:c:.
and none if the Sinn K iners chosen
;.l the reu-nt e-ltein.ns u i:l take their
seat, their eh. : ti'.-:s i)e:!i i;n rely
p. i'eM against l!le Itiinsli ern
I.ieiu. 'the Co'.ra;te-s Marl.iev ic.
moieovii'. vas ni..:cieij as one ct
the leaders ;u tin- uprioinK 01 .1.'aster.
. lt'l'i. u.'ai v.tis siiiten etl to death,
-the se;.te::ce ix in a:.cr. :iel com
!::ini a to imprisonment.
t
Althonuh she u totally blir.d.
'Annie l't'icsoii. ae .; ti 7 . mi ;
five t;i lleiimuiy. i.; out tor a
oi ion sweaters for t !'.e ' lit.ys of
Ami; lean army, she i. ::!!, ot
lion and a patient sympathetic, earn
est desire to understand that they
will be able to attiin the plane 01
the men of their lainilies.
Sore lliroai, Colds
Quickly Relieved By Ha:r.!!n'
Wizard Oil
Hamlin's Wizard Oil is a simple
and eilective treatment for sore
throat and chest colds. Used as a
gargle for sore throat it brings quick
relief. Rubbed on the chest it will
often loosen up a bard, deep seated
cold in one night
How often sprains, bruises, cuts
nd burns occur in every family, as
well as little troubles like earache,
toothache, cold sores, canker sores,
stiff neck, and tired aching feet.
Soothing, healing Wizard Oil will al
ways bring quick relief.
Get it from druggists for 30 cents.
If not satisfied return the bottle and
get your money back.
Ever constipated or have sick
headache? Just try Wizard Liver
Whips, pleasant littie pink pills, 30
cents. Guaranteed.
Bisbee
17
1
Fuel and
eed Company
Phone !2I
Office CJow Copper Queen Hotel
CI CJ Jrk Li
WOOD
1
and
Bisbee Fuel
Company
rit
1 none
121
Copper Queen Hotel
1
J
ti s 2 a . v 1.
Vl
4 HTAfi!
1 h1 w S-a c
Water
4r
neater
vs.;
Sirs. Norman deR. Wliitehouse.
Mrs. Norman deR. Whitehouse,
Buffratrist leader ar.d distributor of
American propaganda in Germany,
has sailed for Europe to Assist in
circulating pro:iaira::da at the Peace
Conference. Mrs. tVhitehouse will
represent the Committee on Public
Information while abroad.
1 rs.
the
ak a
Moid of Kurdish, but her sympa
thy s U..U' Ot eu llh t.... 1 in., ii s
all tlvtriiiL; the var. yhe has alteady
hni! swciMers.
The National Women's Tr.uie. I'nion
l''ai;iio i.i s . n 1 ju - the women .-tteet
car i-.'ieil -n il is in iheir i;:du to ie
tain their posh ions. v. hieh the War
l.al.or boa id reniiily decided thotild
be ;;ivt :i up io men.
For Attaching
to Yom
Range Boiler
W ea
i:i.:iiue
i'K! . us
Willie oi Hi
l ie I li U ' 1 !.; ;
le'.i 1 tiers.
I
Eurt pe to repe ie Ihe otas v !.:) have ;
woitied so valiantly throuru 'he sii'ii!-'-,le
ami nov.' need a rest au.l many ,
more pre 11 turiiinic to tat.e lip duties
which they l. u lor a In; 1 l eei h a.t
it llu ami!-.! M e ves sr. ie ti.
..Iii. .i.r!n:iu tli U. V. iiit-lie.:M- is
ore of tin; nomca to retnin 10 i;.
Olie to IV.-' lMe pef ii.(ljiS (Met' tht:)
.-'in' sailnl lor i'.o: iIimux lee-nily 01: a"
tiie Flench liner Kspantie. .irs. ' ldaties.
11 i.lttl ,.i: is . ...in e 1. d in the I
y r,t t:'.i;.iiic.is in .ia..sa- j W
have ieeee,e,J a minimum 1
pi r w.ek for e.ti i-I i
lati in tt. ja a i eiv ie'.-1 ;
t.
W01... hi i.ula:..! hav
!.ial..i.K i l He tve.
' I :... i i.i .'; .-..v.. .i.-tilb :
. ! f rt .111 li.iue siej'is lo mai bin
helped ia '
1 1 wi a poii :
y to 111 it-.-, ;
Kim i'til !
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask. for
demonstration, or make re
juert for representative ti call
upon you.
E' 'iiiii'iiiil
si I
iii the 1 on: trtn lion ol
air-
lil'.t hell -e t
leaili .' .1 id
Slle ;.'t.'es to
m. ss. 0.1 and
lnitt.-e o'l p
aln 1 ad.
Im: lie.; lie
oleilicti .i a
t-.ifip li''
ltZel iall'J.
; a '.wl! I.iitii ralirai-c
A'nerieaii pro,i.i.-;a:iilisi.
i'ralit e 01. .1 ;;e el nine! '
v ill repie the com.
,1 lie iiiloi 1 11 it . 1 1 1! 1 Willie
'' h
il.at
ise.
ar .11 rs
.-nt in!
i'i ;. rmai
l'v mt.l in d
V'!:i.
il
devit
ie
i!h'I
'-,i
i d by iiU l
V
1 oi -; ii-.- hi
el - e Is v.he v...
in tnat 1 ii m-i,
iind thai sieii,;-:
1 i'.-eai 1 111 . .nsts
. i'tiliaell
v stlKestt.'tl j
I. in piiulie i
id wear uni-i
apiit is v.ear
of !
iisoce
Improvement Co.
ei hc
ii i s ot
' d..y hi ii-.Ls to
woman in some
lie til the
new and
I
I c"rrrTf',i'-'-g:.?'l,y i ptfi THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1319.
THREE
COVENANT OF NATIONS
FOR WORLD PEACE FIRST
WORK ON PROGRAM
(Continued from fnpe One)
peror and each delegate would receive
a copy of that report.
Seventy-two Delegates
Iu all 72 seats were provided for :
the opening session of the peace con
ference. On the outer side of the great
horse shoe were arranged the Jap
anese, the British and colonial dele
gates and the nc;ft of the fifth British
delegate. A chair for the fifth Amer
ican delegate also was reserved imme
diately to the right of the table of
honor.
The Italian, Belgian, Brazilian,
Cuban, Haitian. Peruvian, Portuguese,
Serbian, Czecho-Slovakian and Uru
guayan delegates sat in the order
named. Across at the left wins table
sat the Siamese, Rumanian, Polish, Li
berian. Hedjas, Guatamelan. Kcuador
ian, Chinese and Bolivian delegates.
As the delegations arrived they
were met by fanfares of trumpets and
accorded military honors by the
troops. The Japanese were among the
earlier arrivals and were followed by
the Siamese and East Indians in pic
turesque turbans.
Crowd Cheers Wilson
President Wilson's arrival at 10
minutes of 3 o'clock was the signal for
a demonstration from the crowd. The
president passed into the ante-cham
ber where M. Pichon. the French
eign minister, awaited and conducted
him to the council room.
Already the chamber was crowded
with delegates, who greeted President
Wilson warmly as he passed toward
the table of honor. Here ho was join
ed fcy Secretary Lansing, Mr. White
and General Bliss, and exchanged
greetings with the British and many
other delegates.
Just at 3 o'clock a ruffle of drums
and blare of trumpets announced tie
approach of M. Poincare. The French
president was escorted by the group !
of premiers to the head of the table
' - - - '
while a nusn rell upon the assemblage 1
,A TV..nAn nM:H r.w hn
nf th rnnmti Tt una oTintlv (linu, i
minutes past 3 o'clock when M. Poin
care began his address and the peace
congress came into being. The entire
assemblage stood as the president I
.nAtw PrHiitol Wilcnn ntl immo.!.r nf Preside;.! Wilson tt the I
diatelv at his right and listened at-: openi-cr sessi. n of the peace confer -j
tentively. M. Poincare spoke in'anience: ' .
.... , ,., . .
earnest easv manner, witnout rtecinra- s
. ... - . - ,, L i
tory eftect, and, following usage, ther
TMrna Tin nrmlfiiiACk nr inffirriintirtTi :
M. Poincare spoke In French, and. '
when he had concluded an interpre- ! "1 w-juld do this as a matter ;i cus
ter read the discourse in English. ' torn, I wc:ul 1 do this as a tribute to
As M. Poincare closed he turned to ! the Frencii republic. Hut 1 wisn to
receive the congratulations of Presi-1
dent Wilson and Premier Llovd '
George and then withdrew, greeting ;
each delegation as he retired.
President Proposes Clemenceau :
President Wilson rose as M. Poin-1
care made his exit.
"It gives me great pleasure." he
said, "to propose as permanent chair-
man of the conference Mr. Clemen-!
ceau." i
President ilson ppoke in conver-;
sational voice, which, however, car-j
ried throughout the chamber as he
I.- rti I.Mi.ri,, i.
Grand Theater
Continuous 6: CO to 11:00 n. m.
WORLD FILM CORP. PRESENTS
ETHEL CLAYTON
-in-
"A Soul Without Windows"
Deliciously delightful, fascinatingly pleasing, absorLing
ly interesting adjectives run out v.'hen describing this
Super Attraction. Ethel Clayton v.-as never prettier,
never more entrancing than in this unusual role oi'
Hopama in this production. And for a laugh see;
U
Mercy! Tk Mammy Mambled
Lower floor 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Balcony 4c, war tax lc, total 5c
f
CENTRAL THEATB
ARTCRAFT PICTURES CORP. PRESENTS THAT DELIGHTFUL LITTLE STAR
MAUG
V V JUL
And a KEYSTONE COMEDY with CHESTER
"Dizzy Heights and Daring Hearts"
Children, 10c;' Adults, 20c; Reserved Seats, 30c;
paid eloquent tribute to the French ' the history of the world. whih bus privilege that I should be expected to SENATE DELAYS FAM
premier. so often centered here. v.Hi mw be second this motion." . r -.'vc
Premier Lloyd lleoriro second,'.! the crowned I,, the achievements .,f ti'is! Premier t'lemenceau responded us Pic, uFl.iFi Ai ! tl D A 5
nomination of .M. Clemencoaii. speak-,
inn earnestly of the distinguished1
services the French premier had reiuU
ered in war and peace.
Baron S'jni.i:i. the Iudiitn foreign
minister, added Italy's tribute, where
upon the election of .M. (.'leniences U
as presiding cilicer was mane uuam-
mous.
In a feeling address M. Clenienceau
acknowledged the honor conferred up
on him. lie turned first to President
Wilson and bowed his thanks, then to
Sir. Lloyd deorue lor inn tribute he
had paid him. it was not alone a tri
bute he had paid to him, he baid, but
to France..
"We have come together as friends,"
he exclaimed. "We must leave this
hall as friends."
Outlines Program
Referring to the league of nations.
M. C'leauienceau declared it was al
ready in the way of being achieved by
1... BnltinriiK, f f thio f.lll f . 1 . 1,11 A-.1 1 1 1 1
then 6 turned to the program of the j
conference, which, lie said, covered I
the following main subjects of general i
. - . ;
"lt. responsibility cf the authors !
of the war; second, Vespons.bil.ty for j
.... . 1
the crimes committed during the war;
third, legislation in regard to interna
tional tabor.
tile uuncia i' ui 11 n u ,
, ..
.11 .U ,,.,.. ,1
these three questions. The powers
having particular interests, M. Clem-
for-jeneeau continued, would be asked to
forirUustruli rnTnonical uZ,hcm-and thilt ,hey n,ay mur" to
tonal, industrial ana econouicai ,ur., those purpos,.s of ife whkh wil,
tions- bring them hanniness and content-;
placed at the nead ot tne order or tne
day of the next full session," M. Clem
enceau announced, as he concluded
his address. He paused for further
suggestions of business, and a:-i none
was made, he declared the session ad-1
jonrned. I
It was 4:30 o'clock, an the opening j
session had lasted one hour and a naif. 1
No exact time was fixed for the re-
assembling of the full session of the ;
, . v. . .. f... . 1. . . : 1 .. f
v"" "--. " ,
Liie C Ll 1' I till'. LUUItt II Ul NIC I C 1 ' '
powers, w hich
will probably meet!
Monday morning.
NOMINATING ADDRESS.
PARIS, Jan. lh Following is the
.-ir. iuairu,an: n gives uic ktoi i
, . , , ,, ., I
pleasure to propose as permanent
ihn irm n 11 if the ri ir.flreTlce Mr. t'lPm-
enteau, the president of the c:.ui;cil
do it as something more tiian that,
I wish to do it as a tribute to the
man
Pninwi rfejer-.-ea tho rref-e1er.ee
......... ......
not only because we ere mret.ng at .
her capital and because shs has un-
detgone some of Uia inot t.-ai;ical ,
Metering oi tne war. nut a'so Decsiuse
i.er capital, her ancient and be:;ut:tul
lanital, hr.:; so of."n ber-r. lv cctitar
of onloremes of this sort. ov. which ;
the fortunes of large puns oi the :
wcrld turned.
"It is a very delightful thought that !
I
;tsttv
ii
9f
UESTTE
-IN
confi rein hec.iue there is a sense
in wM, li fi.w i he simreiiie eon-
suiirenie
feteiice of mankind.
Fortunes of Wcrld Involved. j
'More nations are represented here
than were ever represented in such a '
coniertnce before. The fortunes of all j
peoples are involved. A great war is 1
ended, whi.il seemed about to brie .
a universal cataclysm. The denser is .
passed. A victoiy has been won fori
mankind, and it is delightful that we
should he able to record these great
results in this place.
"But ft is more delightful to honor
Fram e because we can honor her n
the person of so d.sunu.hed a
servant. e have nil felt m our lr - (
11. ijicii il'ii ill 1 lit u :fiirr ui LI.J- v it I I..
the fine steadfastness which charac-
I terized the leadership of the French
: in the hands of .Mr. t'lemenceau. We ;
have learned to admire him, and these j
; of us who have been associated with
h acquired a genuine affection
., , . .
. -Moreor. those of us who have
been in these recent d:ivs in constant
nsuHation wi-h him know hrev
'ure, '? M'T ,he
iron! of achievement in whir-h nil tmv
faces are turned. He feels as we
feel, as I have no doubt everybody in
i ...... m r.w.i..
that we are trusted
,
to OO
a prcat tiling, to do it in the
highest spirit of friendship and ac
commodation, and to do it as prompt-1
ly as possible in order that the he-irt '
of men mn- hnv-o fnr lift1 fwn
meiii a:iu prosit rny.
. ;
"Knowing his brotherhood of heart j
in these ? reat mat'ers. it affords me
a personal pleasure to pninose tliat
Mr. t'lemeiK'2u shall be the perma
nent chairman of this conference."
c
LLOYD GEORGE'S ADDRESS
(Hy R'-vio-.v Lease 1 woe)
, .
tiow.ng is the
rll!,e. Minister
PARIS. Jan. IS. Foiiowing
address of British Prii
I 1 ' t ' , .. ... . 1. ; . , . f . l.
. - - 1 , - ,
1 ' ' 1 ' ' 1 V.J.Iivi. .1'. f
"i count it not merely a pleasure
but a great privilege that 1 should be ,
expected on behalt cf the British era
l,ir,! delegates to support the motion
ot Pn.-side.it Wilson. I do so for this
eaou nu n ne ius su cio:iieni.i giv-
" expression to. as a tribute to the
U ht n 1 was a stn',"l bo' ?!r-
( leinenct-.iu was a rotr.Deiline and a
.. - . .
conspicuous I!gure in is po ltics of
'
' "l
tended
far bevo'.nl the bounds of t
France.
Vigorous Personality
"Were
it ih.! fo;- that undoubted
1 fact, .Mr. President, I should have i
; j treated as a l.end the common report j tcgemcr as irienas; we must leave
i nf vnnr viiri I Ini'ii nllnnili) rreinvlthis llall 8S friends.
.... i
I piiinirnliif s ullfl Air I uniunponn omll
. ' " . ' " ' """
vigorous, the
lnf)St enurinK ulld the I110st vouhfjl
,:.,. ,,,.., v-n ih-.t ' f -Mr
,., .,,,." ,, ,h ..,,. h'
t.-inp..
he has hrd tne hoi-etuiacbs
t :u l ;s.-ness of youth. He is '
V,A, tt1(;
:..
'lii-aiid young luan' of
Krar.i-e mid I am oroud to stand here
pi-.jpose that he should take the
chair in this great coniteuce that is
to settle the peace of the worid.
"I know of none better qualified, or
ii. :iifie.i tn nei nnv thia h:,ir
than Mr. Cieuieiiceau. And 1 speak i
lr;ui my experience in its claim.
hikI I linve lint :ilvvjV2 upreed
He ,
We
i -.i. veiv ett-i ;-e.'i We have
sotnetimes rtisagreed. and we have al-!
-,.avs expressed our disagreements
vtry emphatically, because we are our-i
selves.
'Hut although there will be delays,
and inevitable delays, in the signing
of peace, due to the inherent difficul
ties of v hat we have to settle I w ill
guarantee from my knowledge of Mr.
t'lemenceau that there will be no
wasts of time. And that is important.
World Wants Peace
"This world is thirsting and hungry
for peace. There are millions of peo
ple who want to get back to the w orld
woik of peace. And the fact that Jlr.
Clemenceau is in the chair will be
proof that they will Ket there without
any delays which are due to anything
except tne (llincumes wnic-n are es-
scntial in what we have have 10 per-,
form. He is one of the great speakers j
f tho i-rrlri lint n nno Lnnu-x net-
ill me kuiiu. 11111 iiu uuu biiu3 wi'Ui.n. o ,.,.,,..,, I in 11. that Iho rnv.
ter than he that the bin sneakina is
that which impels bonefitiont artioiw.
I have another reason. Uuring the 1
dark days we have passed tiirouh, his
courage, his unfailing courtesy, his un
tiring energy, his inspiration have
helped the allies through to triumph,
and I know of no one to whom that
victory is more attributable than the
man who sits in thb chair. In, his j
own person, more than any living
man, he represents rfhe heroism, he j
represents the genius of the indotni-,
table people of his land
"And-for the reasons I count it a
Continuous J to
11 p.m. TODAY
CONKLIN in
This includes the Wer Tax
owEr
: follows:
premier 8 nesponse
' ' toll would not expect mo Keep i
! i-ii.tna ftTtfr ivlmt the tnu emlm'Tu i
statMmei,. w ho have just spriken. have j
s.,j, cannot help expressing my I
great, my profound gratitude to the'
illustrous president of the I'nited '
Suites, to the prime minister of Cn-ut .
Britain and to Baron Sonnino. for the
words 1 have just beard from their1
lips.
"Long avo
when I was young, as
".I- I f!...i' r.i h-14 reiilliwl In v.ni
when 1 was travelling in America i-nd
tn Kniilaiul. i always heard lhe.
lv. which .ometitnes went be-
-; ; ; h As I listened to the
- statesnian and to the Kiil-
lish statesman. I wondered w hether
they had not caught in Paris our na-
tional .disease of courtesy. Neverthe-
less, gentlemen, I must say that my
el;it.'ti(m is Jue Necessarily to the old
international tradition of courtesy to
the country which has the honor to re
ceive the peace conference, in its
capital.
'I wish also to say that this testi
mony of friendship, if they will allow
to me the word part of Mr. Wilson's
and Ir. Lloyd George's speeches have
touched me deeply, because I see in
them a new strength for all three oi
us to accomplish, with the co-operation
of the entire conference, the ardu
ous work which is entrusted to us. 1
gather from it a new confidence in the
success of our efforts.
''Preswert Wilson has snecial auth-1
ority to Say that thi, i tbe first time
i fact that the world has ever seen
assembled together a delegation of all
the civilized nations of the earth.
c..ti p,
Full Reparation
"The greater the bloody catastrophe
which has devastated and ruined one
greater and more splendid must be the
reparation not only the material
reparation, the vulgar reparation, if 1
idare speak so, which is due all Of us.
but''I(- nlBhr and nob.er reparation
of the new- institution which we will
try to eaWi.h. in order that nation
. 1 . 1 . . i
. ..r," -i
1 1 1 I ( I V ' I" IUIIIUU.1 "ttin, "IllV'l
stroy everything, heap up ruins, ter-
rorize the populace and prevent them
from going freely about their work for
fear of enemies which may rise up j
from one day to the next.
"It is a great.- splendid and noble j
ambition which has come to all of us.
It is desirable that success should
crown our efforts.
inis cannot taKe
, .
place unless we an nr uiiui n.ieu
, ..,,.. d,tp1.mined ideas on what
we wish to do.
. l ,
i "1 said in the chamber a few days
I ago, and I wish to repeat here, that
su'l'es8 ls.n01 Possio.e umeSS we re-
ma,n ,,rmlJr nn,tea- e nave ccme
"Tliil cranllumon ic Iho firt
,-- .-""-v.. .....
,i 1.. .u .o All
must be subordinated to the necessity
of a closer and closer union among the
nations who have taken part in this
B"U var anu to tne necessu oi re-,
maining friends. For the league of na- j
hnnc 10 ' tm
It is vourself. It is for ;
'ou tJ i"ale it live antl make it live
we must have it really in our hearts.
Sacrifices Demanded
"As I told President Wilson a few
days aso there is no sacrifice that I
am not wining to make in oraer 10 ac-
complish this, and 1 do not doubt that-,
you all have the same sentiment. We
win mane tnese sacnnces, out on uie
condition that weMideavor impartial
ly to conciliate interests apparently ,
contradictory, on the higher plane of:
greater, happier and better human
ity.
That, eentlemen, is what I had to
say to you. I am touched beyond
words at the evidence of gocjd will and ,
friendship which you show me.
"The program of this conference has
been laid down by President Wilson.
It I . r n Iaihtqi. t )t .1 n.n i n if 'l mnpn nr I
less vusi lecnioi v, liu iuiii;ri mc fjcavr
of continents; it is the peace of na
tions that is to be made. This program
is sufficient in itself. There is no
superfluous word. Let us try to ac'
swiftlv and well."
CONVOKE ASSEMBLY
LONDON'. Jan. IS. A German gov-:
rnm. ttireie e .-.v that
j,niI, S heidemann. the foreign sec-j
.L
. U;; "I ;
, , asgemWy F,.buarv ifi.
;
"I SUFFERED
SEVEN YEARS"
Was Eventually Cured by
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege
table Compound.
Philadelphia, Pa. "I suffered for
seven long yean with a lame back.
irregularities and
pain. 1 had one
physician after an
other but they did
me no good. I ri?ad
about Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vege- :
table Compound and ;
gave it a trial and in
a short time I felt
benefited and a m
now feeling fine, :
I' onu wiuioufc weur.
. nessornain. Manv '
of my friends have i
u I also taken Lydia t..
t'mkbam s V e ge- :
table Compound
and been helped by
i it,"-Mrs. Marharet Ness, 1S-U5 tL 1
1 Hazzard St. Philadelphia., Pa. '
Women who suiter from displace
ments, irregularitioa, inrtamBiatior,
P1 4C.
5! W
3 1 i
r
f. , u eeration, backache, sideache, head
S aches or "the blues" should not rest
4 until they have given this famous root
ana nero remecy, Lyuia t,. i niKnam 3
Vegetable Compound, a trial. If
complications exist, write I.ydia E.
Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass.. for '
special suggestions. The result of its
long experience 19 at your service.
BITTER DEBATI
'il'il f roir. i tn)
cnipi; i.! 1:1 Ih I'.ii.:-'! Sutte jimcI
that illiTi- ::re i.ia.i (. ,.!;. Im-;.i:;i!
laciiitii i car. f' the li-tiii : eii j
v;o;iiu'!e-! -r-liei s. , 1
Scu..;oi- Coii'.h :iiid ii as impos-.-ible
f : h!-'i to . uppurt- the hill tie-1
cuus j of .n:. 1 -t itn iierin rt'
HrcoT would n;tt: the disposition oi
' 111? 1.1MCS.
Obje-'s to Hoover,
'1 loo', er .- viev. pniiil is -'ic!i.
ii " lie'
j .hi-, money , ni.n."
! Senator Bor.h s.,ui
i shewe that tore.. vi4!
to turn (iff;
i'lVesi e.'iit ion
lll')''op.ili-
. tha
:r(.l f",i I'liii l Ii: 'e
v : ." : . :
l'c(eu attu etiiiiKjiifu i::e i;o'i .tuin:ii-,
J Utiation sim
h' has been i.i charge.
thi'i h'
su' i he c: ! not iM' t.d
! to ,. that .Mr.' Ih.ov
it-r itad b-in ii:.'d 1
in any way, but that it was Hoover's
viewpoint in it p'iiiii'ti.l i. is l' be
dole-.
Whiio press di.patche.i have J
scribed suffering at hoi!: for I :ck of
food, ih - !t! i! o senator sr.id the pack
ers a'treittej t:;t their war prolits
weie 41 iier c :il 011 cvuital iine-"d. I
Passage of the hi!!, h asserted, vould;
ln;re:.sc packers prolits. lie con
timlel it would be unjust to hold the
president respoti -ible lor crop
distribution. 's he would no;
how the moil":- sj.ent.
j TRANSPORT MEETS
j ,r pniiri-I CAC
; rllVjrl, rvJULirl
irontinne.l frcn Pa?- 0'"-
,ry in aU al)()Ut C(l nfrif.l,rs ar,(, lnon
.. , ramn Tavlor. Kiitnekv. a
icasual coiiitiany from Virginia, 34 c;is-
j . , n(tic.,r " , "i ....,. ..-..k !Wi wriln,i.
p(l
1 Tk vci..r..i;., ,i., i..,.re s
i ' ,,,tlll,iti,.1T ',-.,;
lmh. a dtltai.nlllHnt of ,he tll
jujoi , th? hraa uartPr:. c(,m,wnv.
-,H(.a) neta(.hn,ent end brtteries 15
1 an:' ( cf the 325th tield artillery. The
I cl"t.ch:n nt from the Stlth has been as
signed to Camp t!r:int. IDs., and the
j f.(iIJ artn,ery trinps to' rani'p Taylor
"50YLE ON SCOUT DUTY.
.'Tly Review Ia's'-'i Wir)
MILWAl'KEE. Wis., Jan. IS.
T.mn will Kent
-
. v,-ishe? for nl-n in
I IT. S',M for Pi. m
; tiih -'-.it for the
the American
..HWaUKCe (1UU OI
I association next season. Dovle, who
i scciied Tor the Philadelphia
Na-
tionals last season, has already f'"--warjed
the signed contracts of a ra;
tery composed of Stanley Bertsn, n
cntchei- residing at Portsmouth. Ohio.
Dovle's home, and GoJfrev Hess, a
PUCIifr Ol inUilCOtlie, U.'.IO. OOJ le
u.,.,m,i t,.i.vilvTO-Pil.h in
as sr""1 for ,he Mlh a' ' lK'b two
i ca' d-)-
!n Preparing
ations
it makes a whole lot of differ
ence what kind of lumber you
use. If the iumber is to come
from us, you can figure on
1 i .1 -c
quantities mutii iioftrr iimii 11
you don't Specify US. There
B '
. 11
IS no WaSt2 to our !umt)?r.
It
can be used to the lost irch. :
if your plans are C3 right as
our lumber ycur building wil!
be a dandy.
Bishoe Lumber Go
(Incorporated)
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
Lowell Car Step. Phor.e 25
Oi'
djJUUMIU
For the past two weeks, in accordance with the wishes of the food administration
the local bakers have sold bread at a retail price of 10c per 1 pound. But, since this
does not allow a sufficient profit for the producer, and with the permission of the
food administration, on Monday. January 20. the former price will be renewed,
which is at the rate of 22C per pound.
PRESS SITS IN
OPENING MEETING
OF DELEGATES
I
t::'!!' (' !'; ilel'"-!!" or .h'leuaiion
:i i'! 1. tie- : ,.:t:o!i t ;.) in ;.;iiei:i
..ud ;'i Hi'- ..ose of K. s'-.;ii.n t!:e
( oti 1.1' io.'i.'. l.v i'. re. i.i ,".ic:;t i.
Prchi'oatio.1 Abrogated.
"in iw of the f:u-t that n have
not been advised lo ti.e contrary, sve
ass.;ni: that a:iy rule d -itl!ed pre
jihi" ':'.i i'.i! l-:t.ve. n iisii-
viil'.ial .!"!c; at "S and ih" pre-, on th
subjects if 1 has nov
been abrogated n'ld ttiat tne pres i.
to hi" e aciess 1,) liie verb.niin rei--cVd-i
of 1 rece'-d'i'ts.
We
tat! tti'-. a-ten. ion of the pace
';te to n.r re.,u.-.' fir .: t . w-
, o. ft r
( r than lie din C on s- re!-r.'--;oiiia-lives
at eac. session of th" c:M' 1'-
nee . Ti.i we stibm.'t ti;at b' ' :i.l " of
the 'Milliter in wa?i i sveivl te-.-ss I
I lssih i ili'U'.s ;-er-. " ihe !ie .v: ;ia; ei s t;!
j Ari -rii .1 . nd t-i cs,-. ,e r.f ,'ie a:-i;ii-
1 ance upo.i the cor.!' ren.-e of nimier
o'.is iii-.i i Mnii; ,: .':s repre. :itiiti. e. 1
1 Hi" Ar"1-: ii .1:1 ijcwsrt.riers ca.inot
I carry on tlicr bi:-i-.es of iaformlng 1
j their Vi-st public vi;h fe . ei tiian fie!
rtpre. e;:tativ'.s. 1
r'l.580913 m killed!
FR ANCE HAS LOST EQUAL NUM
BER WOUNDED
XKW YORK. Jan. IS France in
four ear.? of conflict, to preserve her
own liberty and that of the world, ae-
ctuding to Ar.ilre T:irlie. French high
; commissioner to the I'nitr-d States,
hr.s lost l.rnio.o'io men killed and a'.-
most as mar.v wound'd. America owes
Fran,.e a debt of gratitude not only
for this gr-at sacrifice, but also for
the renorted raving cf thousands of
lives in this country due to the Ui
covery by French peasants of a per
fes t remedy for stomach and intes
tinal ui'.nierus. the ingredients of
which a:e imported from France .by
Geo. Ii. M.'yr. a leading Chicago che::;-1
I . ..-I n in .rma.;'i i"t.l..r ihu i
'' rit 11 in ..j i.i. i . m u.au, , ...v.
name of Mayr's Wonderful K- iiiedy. It
iA a simple, harmless preparation that
rem.ives the catarrhal mucus from the
intestinal fact and allays the inflam
mation which causes practically all
stomach, liver and intestinal ail
ments, including appendicitis. One
dose will convince or money refund'"!. I
Sold by Lowell Drus company end
cru?r,i:-.t every whete.
RevTafloring
DEPART3IENT
We do our own designing and
cutting, and try on each garment
bcfol-- completed. yeich assures
a perfect fit. Alterations, clean
ing, pressing and repai.-ing neatly
done.
H. MICHAELS, Tailor,
Wit!-. Miller Shirt and Hst Shop
Main St., Bisbee
I
One of the World's Greatest "len Was a
Civil, Mechanical and Constructional
Engineer
mathematician; inventor; electrical wiz
ard; botanist; naturalist; economist;
psychologist; writer and Philosopher!
Yet, as a youth, he once worked for $25
a year and board, until he bettered him
self through an Ad in Trie Review Classi
fied Columns!
Copper Queen Hotel and High-gas Qfe
The Lest of everything at reaior.abb a la carte price.
A Special 60c luncheon dai!y. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular P.o?.rd by the monlh. $45 00
HENRY POPFiiN, MANAGER
13
react Price
Jerome Copper
STG
5 rTT C?
Wrii - lor our ''.'f Bullet Mi ei'
lii r st i' lior; i.rnl d-velc-;.nien' s Ml
ad : .v .I.toiu.' properties. ri'-K::!i '
Giaiid Island
Vtrdc Corbmation
Jerome Verde
United Verde Ex.
Gre-n Monster
Our StaMsM.-al Tiepartmei.t will
f.i'hish itiiorurition 0:1 ail Arlio 1a
lis' mI mid t::!-s!ed st.)' V.s wir'riout
cinr-e. A'l .i-:.:iiH Stock- Hi-. -h'.
. S 'Id. Q.n.'t-l.
ESI LE INVESTMENT CO.
ock aed EonJ Dro'ters
Members L. A. Stsck Excharge
i Y. 4.H St., Lcs Ange'es, Caof.
uUSlLL I
IS
BACK AT
THE OLD STAND
BROPHY GARAGE
and Supply Co.
SPECIAL OFFER THIS WEEK
ONLY. ALL $C0.CO AND
$4500 SUITS FOR
$40.00
$75.00 AND $65.00 SUITS FOR
,S53.00
FABRIC. STYLE AND FIT ALL
GUARANTEED
'We are the only tailors in the
city wha make your clothes in our
own shep. We can make your
clothes chesptr than ycu can buy
them ready nde.
We accept Liberty Bonds and W.
S. S. Stamps as Cash
FRUITMAN'S
FASHION SHCP
TAILORS FOR MEN AND
WOMEN
Opp. American Eor:ss Cc.
Phcr.e 74 ' I.:am St.
Mrs. Jones Ishen
VOiCE BUILDING. TONE PRO
DUCTION and the ART OF SINK
ING. Krom the becinuiiiK to the
hie'.iest terfectii-n. Free v:ice trial.
Jl'lume (ireeu 721. for ai poinlme ::t.
1
1
Mm '0 vhiIq FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1919.
&Uc Sltsiirr Daily Slruixu
Published Every Day Except Monday, by thet State Consolidated Publishing
Company
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to this paper,
aud also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches herein are also reserved.
TWO ASSOCIATIONS FEDERAL ENGINEER
PI
LI
Entered as Second Class
Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of 1
March 8, 1879.
SEEK TO ORGANIZE AT STATE MEETING
i
OLD STATE POLICE
"UNTER DER LINDEN'
tfti'Vl - Thoenix Bureau
PHOilXIX. Ariz., Jan. 18.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per month
Three months
Six months
Twelve months
Suuday (our weekly) per year .
Sunday lour weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Taken for Less Than 75c
(Heview Phoenix tin ream
, Wheeler, government senior highway
engineer, will be here January 27 to
..$ .73 j PHOENIX. Ariz., Jan. IS. Two . attend me conference or me Arizona
2.25 ! widely divergent interests have met : Good Roads association. He will make
4.00 ! on a common ground aau are endeav- i tne principal address at tne meeting
Not Fit to Prjnt
U' the Armenian and Syrian relief campaign is a failure in the south
west, Uiis reason might possibly oe offered: The people were not told all tlie t joiutiy iy tne prohibition
7.50 i orlug to bring about a revival of taut
2.50 1 tamous organization, the Arizona
75 Mate Hangers, l ne attempt is tailing
concrete lorm in the stupe of a Lilt
which is to be introduced in IUj p. cs
eat session of the legislature, having
as its object the re-establishment ot
this police adjunct.
The proposed bill is being named
societies
facts regarding the war sufferings of the Armenians, Syrians, and IVrsians
at tne hands of the Turks.
The truth of the matter is, a book or newspaper would be debarred from
the United- States mails, if it undertook to publish the whole story of Turkish
atrocities in the near east.
The tortures and mutilations and butcheries, the rapes and a thousand
other indecencies penetrated upon Armenian women and girls constitute
the mos unprintable narrative in the history of barbarism. They make the
Invaders of Belgium look like a Sunday school picnic party. And they are
facts, co: ling straight from trustworthy witnesses, United States consuls,
missionaries, relief workers, and escaped refugees.
But without knowing the details ot the whole hideous story, one fact
alone should be sufficient to get a response from the great heart of America:
Right now, four million shelterless men, women and cildren are dying a slow
death from starvation, and will assuredly perish unless we come to their aid.
"Armenia looks to America for her salvation," says a recent cablegram.
Wiiat will you do about it February 3-10?
and tne livestock associations. U n.:e j
the provisions of the measure have j
not oeen made put .ic, it is said tuat j
it is planned to asK tor a niucn larger 1
ana will tell of the advisability of con
strue ting 150,000 miles :f national
li:,tiways as proposed, by the National
ii.-hways association.
Prc-i.ieat Wilson favors the earliest
possible resumption and extension of
highway construction under the fed
eral aid road act, and has written
Secretary of Agriculture Houston to
that ciK'ct. The secretary of agri
cultais is in favor of highway work.
President Wilson's Letter
The president's letter follows:
"Dw.r -Mr. Secretary: 1 heartily
loice than was maintained in tile oiu agree with you that it would be in the
territorial dayj. 'lue neev organisation, t puoiic interest to resume in full nieas
it is understood, will be nioUeled upon j ure the highway construction opera-
Open and Dark Covenants
It will make little difference, except to correspondents who have gone to
Paris aud the newspapers they represent, whether the proceedings of the
peace conference from day to day are made public or not. The American
people, as well as the people of all other countries, of course, have a curious
as well as vital interest in the result of the conference and would like to
learn of this news as it happens, the same as they like to keep track of all
continuing news. But it will not hurt them if they should be deprived of that
form of entertainment now. They know absolutely that nothing is going to
be "put over" on the I nited States at Paris, no matter what the end of the
conference may bring. The people will know all about the peace treaty be
fore the American nation decides whether or not it will become a party to it.
There is no use in these references that angry and disappointed corre
spondents are making to the president's demand for "open covenants." The :
president did not mean and could not mean that the people of the whole!
world should be appraised of every step to be taken at Versailles. It was
unthinkable that such a procedure would be followed there. What the presi
dent meant was that the people should be bound by no secret arrangement,
such as bound the entente together. While it was known that an agreement
including France, Great Britian and Russia existed, even well-informed citi
zens cf those countries did not know until war had been declared what those
nations had been committed to by their foreign offices. Even members of the
British parliament at the outbreak of the war professed ignorance of the
terms of the agreement.
In denouncing "secret covenants," the president did not have in mind
a secret treaty that would directly affect the people of the United States. Our
constitution had already made us immune from such dark agreements. Our
foreign office, even if disposed to that sort of diplomacy, could not impose a
secret treaty upon the United States. The president could not do it. What
he had in mind was the secret treaty as a menace to the peace of the world
an agrement binding together a group of nations for offensive and defensive
purposes.
So, within the meaning of the president, the treaty ot Paris will be an
"open covenant," if it should, turn out to be a covenant at all. But it will
not be a covenai between the United States and the rest of the world
unless it shall please the senate and the people of the United States. Ari
zona Republican.
me constauutary system wmcii 114s
proved so successtut in the en 01 ce
ment of the law in Pennsylvania.
The necessity tor the Hangers is
equally pressing in the opinion 10 each
of the interests behind tne movement.
The stockmen declare that they are
not furnished adequate protection tor
their sheep and cattle, under the pres
ent agreement. The "dry" supporters
are convinced that by clothing the
rangers with sufficient authority, they
would effectually break up tin; prac
tice of importing liquor into the Mute.
Since it is for their mutual good they
have combined to bring about the re
incarnation of the hard riding minions
of the law whose achievements shine
forth so brilliantly from the pages of
Arizona's history.
GOVERNOR LEAVES
EOR STATE PRISON
The People's Money
If the railroad administration does not succeed in its program for an ex
tension of government control for five years, it will have to confess failure.
Nothing but a gateless pipe line into' the federal treasury can save it.
Hence the feverish haste to do something.
The chairman of the house interstate commerce committee, himself an
open advocate of government ownership, has introduced a bill to carry out the
administration program. Extension of government control for five years and
another revolving fund of $500,000,000 are the two features, it would be more
appropriate to call It a dissolving fund.
The railroads have been under government control a full year. Much al
lowance must be made for war conditions, but state socialism should not be
allowed to slip in under cover of them. After a full year, only a few railroads
have signed the agreement for government compensation end the net earn
ings of.tne roads have been grossly inadequate to meet government rentals.
The railroad administration announces its intention of reducing rates and
maintaining high wages; but it has nothing but the hope which springs etern
al in the human breast to justify its le!ief that it can make both ends meet.
The plain unvarnisueu truth is that the present plan of the administration
is that at the. end cf five years the railroads will be so hopelessly indebted
to the government that government ownership will be inevitabe.
It is time for the people to step in and make themselves herd. It is
their money which is being used to exploit this experiment in state socialism
and they bhould have something to say about it.
There is no reason to doubt that a five year continuation of government
control would involve the loan by the government to the railroads of at "vast
to'iO.OuO.OOO a year with little to show for it beyond a railroad wage scale
which would uemoraiize every industry in ci United States.
' With some of the increase in railroad wages we are in sympathy. It is
a fact that before the war railroad employes were poorly paid because govern
ment regulation had reduced the railroads to such an extent that they were
unable to pay fair wages. Tossibly it was necessary during the war ta pay
high wages to keep employes away from the munition factories; but wages
should return to a level with those paid in other Industries, when abnormal
conditions are removed. .
Government ownership will involve the payment to the owners of a sum
larger than nas been raised by Liberty loans during tho war and the con
tempiatic.il of this burden superimposed on the war debt is staggering. If
the people realize the true purpose of the present move of the administra
tion, they will thwart, it pronipily; but they must act at once. After March
4ta the uanger will be negligible. I'oston Commercial.
The Horse Scores
(Kevk-w- l'hoi-tiix llurcaul
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Jan. Gov.
Thomas E. Campbell today celebrated
his forty-first birthday by putting in
one of tne most strenuous days he has
experienced during his present term
of office. From 8 o'clock this morn
ing until this afternoon he did not
leave his chambers.
After a hurried luncheon he left for
Florence to make an inspection of the
state penitential y. The executive was
accompanied by the members of the
state board of institutions.
The officials will interview the new
warden. Powell, regarding the applica
tion of the principal which will gov
ern the institution in the future.
The primary object of the trip, how
ever, is to examine the condition of
the machinery at the prison. It was
decided to make the inspection after
the submission of a report by Engi
neer II. L). Campbell, indicating that
the mechanical department was in a
very bad shape from lack of repairs
and misuse of the various units.
tions under the federal aid road act.
and to do so as speedily as possible.
I understand the necessity which ex
isted for their contraction during the
stress through which we have been
passing, but that obstacle is now re
moved. I bolis'. e that it would be high
ly desirublj to have an additional ap
propriation w.iJe available to the de
p.innient of agriculture, to be used in
conjunction, it possible, with any sur
plus state and community funds, in or
der thit these operations may be ex
tended. It is important not only to
develop ,Mod highways throughout the
country as quickly as possible, but it
is al-:o at this time especially advis
able to resume and extend all such
essential public works.with a view to
furnishing employment lor laborers
who may be seekng new tasks during
the period of feadjustnienl. Knowing
Lhat the department of agriculture and
the state highway authorities iu each
otate have been carefully working out
road systems and develcpiin, plans
and specilications, I have no doubt
lhat all activities 1:1 this field can be
vigorously conducted through these
two sets of existing agencies, acting in
lull accord.
"Faithfully yours,
'WUODltOW WILSON."
From Secretary of War
The following letter has been re
ceived tunn Secretary of War Baker:
"My Dear Mr. Secretary: I am in
full iireeiuunt with your view that
there should not only be prompt re
sumption ot road construction under
the federal aid road act, and under
such further authority as may exist
for separate state action, but also that
additional funds should be made avail
aide to ycur department for tho ex
tension of such work. The war depart
ment, as you know, detailed one of its
officers to serve with your bureau
of public roads in its consideration of
highways which might have a valua
tor military purposes, and I shall be
glad to have the closest possible co
operation continue as the work en
iarges.
"Cordially yours,
"NEWTON D. BAKER,
"Secretary of ar.'
' ' ?V ;
HOUSING
PROBLEM
EFFECTS ARMENIA
'oviri.v Phoenix IJuieaiK
PHOENIX. Ariz., Jan. IS. "Food
is not the only problem in Armenia
and Syria. Hundreds of thousands.
Mrs. Front zen
Asks Garments
Owing to a severe attack of pleur
isy am! rheumatism, which has in
capacitated Mrs. M. E. M. Fra.itzen,
state chairman of the American
Committee on Devastated France
and the American Fund for French
MAYOR TO APPOINT
DELEGATE8T0R0AD
MEETING IN CAPITAL
STATE SEALER IS
TO PRESENT BILL
iKi'Vit - I'lioenix lluvvaii)
PHOENIX. Ariz., Jan. IS Following
out the recommendations embodied in
the governor's message to the fourth
state legislature. Robert E. Merritt.
state sealer of weights aud measures
is preparing a bill intended to make
this department operative. In the
event the desired legislation is enact
ed, radical changes will be made in
this office, and the scope of this worK
extended to embrace the entire state
instead of being confined to certain
sections as is now the case.
Under the present law, state inspec
tions of weights, scales and measur
ing devices arj comined to prec incts j
having a population between iwn and ,
50U0. 'The operating clauses are so
clumsily framed that even within this I
prescribed area the department can!
accomplish little good, while the
aLuses that an; declaieu to c.in in the 1
territory of sparse population not cov
ered by the present statute are said to
more than couutci balance the little
that is achieved in the districts out-!
side of the cities.
State Sealer Merritt proposes to
HIGHWAY PAVING TO
BE STARTED SHORTLY
Preparations for the beginning of
the paving of the Bisbee-Douglas high
way have been put under way with
the ai rival of Mr. Oswald, of the Os
wald ccmpuny. who hold the contract
for the paving of the Douglas end.
A rock crushing plant and storage
bin for the product are being built
at Pauls quarry, beyond rorrest, as
1 warehouse a'id stock barns near the
('a: timet & Arizona mining company
smelter at iJouglas.
Actual paving will start as soon as
weatlier conditions moderate, Mr. Os
wald said.
QUENTIN'S SLAYER
WOULD FLY FOR U. S.
eliminate: the population definition in
the rural districts which would bring
unuer the jurisdiction of tho state de
partment all territory except the cities
with 'more than M;y inhabitants.
These are adequately protected
against fraud and negligence by the
inspectors provided by tho various
municipalities.
The abolition of the present fee sys
tem is also advocated. Thi.-, would af
fect the cities as well as ilie districts
directly under the control ot the Matt? I
seuler. The revenue now deii.ed Iroin 1
source is inconsiuVrat'le anil con-!
Register a victory for the horse. The conquering motor car is not yet uni
versal victory, even in Washington, the stronghold of artificality. Secretary
of the treasury Glass and Postmaster Burleson have asked congress to let
them nave, horses and carriages, according to tho old custom, instead of the
automobiles that modern usace prescribes for cabinet officers. The house
committee on appropriations has graciously consented, aud amended its loB'8'jtnjs M
I.itiv: bill accordingly. . J stimtes a perpetual trout of petty an-1
Andrew Ja' kson, who gavo his favorite In.rse lasting fame by tying him 1 I1()Vall( ,.. -j m. increased efficiency, ac-1
to the picket f-nce in front of the White. House, would appreciate this. I cording to .Mr. Merritt. would more!
It is a triumph, but probably the last. I-t horse-lovers take what satisfat-I than compensate lor the trifling loss j
ticn they ran trim this reprieve. The horse is doomed. Most men living will
probably see horse-drawn vehicles forbidden the use of city streets. Arizona
Daily Star.
the
The fact that General Pershing is courageous
iiim to be audacious in politics.
e would :iustain.
Since it is manliest the act can hoc
be enforced by one man. the bill c.ills
lor the appointment of two deputies ,
! and a c lerk to c arry out the piovisiuns ;
war does not leu'P' i f the contemplated law. i
KILLED WHEN PLANE f-LL5
SHKKVKl'OltT. Ui.. Jan IS. I.t
A. Elliott, ol ll.iSLim. Ma.s.. die
;h'ht of ions ii.j..; i s i
1 hcily lUlil ii fr:;i tuivii sk;ill he
Hid be iii:te as safe on Prussian soil a t.ie letircd j ( (.j,',.,j ln, ;ik, ., u.mi.i v. Ii 11 ire .
' plane leil Utar ti.e lair fciouuX-.
; - i !
Ai,.,'' ' ....
'. .: ' H . .
:. : .V- J
It " , t K vfc. '
I r :-(''
i"t .J-'-,'
t . !. 5
! f ' ' - t- " - . 1
..-r, t .. .. ki
Max Harden asseris that the kaiser was merely a tool in the war. Wil
helm never got near enough to the hard work to be regarded as a battle-ax.
AiiiiTK an so;d:er.s
Kd.sci is in liolland.
Jeut. Chrihtian Donhausor.
Liut. Chi-istian Ponhauxer. tho
German aviator who "modestly" con
f.n cr t.it h" sot down 1 ifut.
Qucntin K.'icvrlt. has n Hmbition.
ile wajits to fix for Uie U. S. ,
driven out crv.cily by the Turk.i, must j wounded, has issued the request that
te reinstated in their hemes and af- a ,,,e lora, womp wh(J ,,ave gewin.
:'crueJ an opportunity to become self-1 ,. . ... ,, t
jupportinci These problems require !'or lhe A- K K xv 1:1 t,,iMr hom, s .
iIih bii-CRst measure or simnnrt lroinituin it in at the Ore office at once'
I This work has been out
Anxious M have tho city of Bisbee
well reprrsrnrel at the Arizona Good
Roads convention, which opens in
1 h(.ei::.t January 21. Mayor Jacob
the rhiiritahlt iniblic." I This work h hn nut upvpral I t-r'c-sl"-1 Wits lookout yester-
The above received from Food Ad month. Mrs. Frantzen knows whold3' lor five representative citireus
uiinistrator Hoover b: Charles Willis, has ths work but is unable phvsically ! ho hli aPPoiuted delegates,
state directof of the united drive for, to gather it up at present, so much!;' U!,e he has ttled upon the men.
relief in the near ea.,l, who is now hill clin.bins would be involved. All;" b,i ta!1 .,lniluc" t!lem to "tept. the
organizing the work in preparation of it m ist be in by February 1. she n:ayof Wl!! allIlouni'e n r.ames until
ior the triple flrive Februrv 10 to savs. as the last box to be p.u-ked.Uey have detinitely to attend
17. at which time Arizona will belaud shipped will be made ready on! "lue ''''P"1ance of good roads and
asked to raise SISO.OOO. its quota for a!that date. ,strects to the citizens generally, and
national lm;d of 43,O0n.0iO. for the. Mrs. Frantzen has gien up tlie ':'ore Partn-ularly at this time when
relief and rehnbitution of these strav-' work rooms in the Central and Gar- ,0 o;k is needed to furnish era
lng and pershintr people. Ifield school buildings. S!.e desires in 'Payment for many of the retumin?
,ng and perishing people. j behalf of the committee to extend her : !iol,utrs or !""ll,rs. 's something every-
trials, in sight of the goal of freedom. thanks to Prof. C. F. Philhrook. Mip - ''.!Ust aid Mavor Enck-
star.d ior lack oi iunds, iu immediate 'erintendent of school., the teachers 1 esterdJ.
danger of starvation or of death from : and pupils of t!-e public schools. Missi At the meeting of the council
tlie diseases of war and huneer." said Hilev nd her nunils. the Sitrs of ' ' u !,ua-' '"''i- cu ensiiieer m
Mr. Willis today at state iieudquar- Loretto and their pupils for tli ir loyal
icrs. "There are 3,050,0i)tl souls, 4." support during the activity of the A.
per cent of whom are orphans in des , F. F. W. and A. 0. D. F., in fhf War-'
..erate need. Catholics. Protestants 1 ren district. Mrs. Julii Avtell of the
and Jews alike have been the victims 1 Tombstone school and the children;
of Turkish oppression u'Vd ci Turkish 'there whe worked faithfully for die
government orders to e.terminate or 1 cause, through t;;e Pisbee committee
drive Irom their homes and industries of A. F. F. W.
every ether people in the near east. While i'h work rocnis are goiiu
c'atholics. Protestants and Jews alike; out of exis'er.ce. the committee
are lecer.ing every help within the Icampaign Im-ally for nien.bershlps and ,
Mwer of 'he committee lor the united ! throughout
drive for relief in the near east. Istate in the near future. At t e com-
Tresent the grades and the city at
torney will have ready an ordnance
1 embodying them, so that we can pro
ceed to t ie next stage in the paving
,o. upper .Main siie.t, Mibway ailev.
;0. K. strt' tipper Brewery avenue
and Naco read.
"li will retiuire at least 60 dav bs-
, (fore we can let contracts and get
...I!.. . 1.... t .
Willi ican iu fi"iuK. ma 1 icei as
n'liiiuvi'i iiiui ir.e people i;i lOeiK
Cochise county and the " 1 l"' u'" " l,;e i'lHi.-di 10 pave.
'tis e.:i'iiL,:i i:.e quesnoii aircauy naei
j heen passed upon."
1
10 alleviate the suffering of these , tion wf'.l be based upon paid up-mem-.
.-stricken people. The expense of col-i bershlps. Th-ie are many people in! j-j . .
leetion and of di.-tribittion is met in-itlie Uanen district :;o have pledged ' Jy VlJflClU JxVDOIlCO
t hpHKit'vi'M fn :in in r:illnir tun, is for
t'e refugees. This money, together
tlh that derived troia rxhibitlun o:
!n;:;f')n ricture. which will be shown
throughout the state scon, should raise!
.-. good turd. 1 Th.i- tho Aau-riran deushN.v u ia-
The plan :.' v ration fll be for ,xho Uc!,t.r,.0!, the praise tnr t!i.
one nun 01 ire in inev ooiaun-u 10 re
.Haiti in the hand of the local com-
vate'.y," said Mr. Willis.
BISBEE MAN POSTED
IN RHINE GARRISON
Killed in Action
. 1
. j niittee
lor defrayi-.'.g
The cf'or hi
necess.irv
!f will be
i-x-sent
"re-
j ( hi-keie" and stoc; the funis. The
' Ameiican committee has pledged itself
I to iii l devastated Fiance and has
p-cm sed tic- Seri;-e d S-ttte to run
1 tinvie to do rj ior at least two year.
arii.s and th.tt
j,ble to r" iht
tiroiiri' Crnzaii. .iillilcl.v an eul
nii,vU ii,.. uuitii,.k e,i.,.n . mltiM pense'H.
hut" .,ve n m..ml,er f l. "-,.! i:.n unit ' replant oil hard and Vineyards
which has been fighting in France,
has written his brother. Joseph Gro-
gan of thi:; 'ity. that he is alive, well
and a member of the allied army of
occupation, in garrison at Honn. a city
on the Uliihe, ,u miles over the Ger
man frontier from France. Hu hopes
soon to be able to leave the army and
return to his work in the Warren dis
trict.
Mr. Grcgan left here in September.
11 (, joining uie c.iiHiuiaii iiuces as a.
volunteer
KATHLYN WILLIAMS
TAKES STRONG ROLE
11.
first entered the 1
trenches in April of last veiar and be
tween that time and the signing cf the
armistice saw much action.
Tp last lelte-r received from him by
his brother, previous to that ef yester
day, was written on November !. two
davs prior t. the armistice being
lteautitnV Kaliliyn Williams, stalely
and polished, with lh.it aristocratic
tearing that so ami' v fits her for
! role's of patrician character, i. ad-
mirably adapted t the role of Charity
1 Coe I lice-.er ill "We Can't Have'
! Everv 1 hin.,." winch is to be shown at
ui other w as we:rried about i th
t:a
sliiiied. Hi
his fate, but the explanation ot the
loirj Mle-nce was i;ive'ii when he said
1:1 his latest lettc- tuat witnin two
days after the signitm of the armi ;t ice
he had left his old station iu France
and marched 1"" miles to llonn. The
march was made in heavy order with
lull lieid equipment, all experience
which Mr. cJni-an said he would not
fiirgi-l soon.
GUILTY OF MURDER.
11 . i:u. coin., .hiu i- ji.M'
uicci. It'tind mniiy tenia;.' in the
rhnli'. l a hi: ri id lh" luunler of his
t!i jni 41 tiiii'iii mill a Hi" In-
pi isli-IIIIMIl.
I.;. ri- theater toda. As the tin
pv witi of ii wealthy New lorVcr
an vve;'k. moral aharactcr, she per
travs tin ro e iih a ictiucment mat
is cuii.iiel'Mu in its artistry. Miss
Willlani.i ieci,;lY made a rial sac
ii's i t -;. 111 l !) . I . H. In- MilU--.it-ciiill
mtuie. "Tlie WI'.ispiTini:
Chorus," ami In r ii.nniot ruble char
iictet iat i ins 111 the past inti-T aio
.stamped her as an ,m in 01 wciidiT-
I11I c!saliii; and ma. 1
aill v. She i- said to h;-
..II
is !
h.r
,t''S
. . lull.:
hara 1
ic i rsetl-
; 11 : 111 1 11 1 1
litnvi vcr.
' 1' 11
Visit Milh
j sale in action.
I v : ti t y o; er Cerman
I ho liiie will ever be
) !c t tl ey ijwv him." is t.ie t ibute
CiVe-.l til V.'.llkees who went over th
t.'P by c pt Charles J. Moore i.ie
..asedi. nph-w ci Mrs. A. T. Hoy
; e f this city.
apt-i Slocr.; as awarded til.'
1!: :h...i h.-;i sini c m.s for h:s
I heroisi . 1:1 n t:oa cn tho .ndon rivrr
iri Fravae. V.c lui his men thiouh
I h. ivy ar':!!i ry fire ar.l reorsanUrl
' the:.i aflc t cy . ad be; :ime scattered
I vv!-,'ii oi:l.-m ti-is; 1. bri.ue across
i the riv r. lie ".a.-i si-verely wemndi J
' i -: r ! M 1; fi.:hi;n. but coii'inued giv
i it! instructions to his subordinate
Icr carrying em the work.
I s'hortl. beiore ita-eiving his la'al
; Viininil. Captain Moore wrote Mrs.
1 ilcy. prni;ng the d.euhbo; tor his
work 'ii the battiefii'ld :
'.ct us hone. he v r
j e , crv ti 'd .- w Ini i- eve n : t.
j ih-il.lrg t! cir latr share !
i ii a v ill ri t u shi. k a;. !
llai I cue let ia' If. I Via this- v.o
uCe will en r be abl to pa, the debt
I at the, me 1 to the Ameri.-in doiud
tiov. He tui'Ues mile aiie: nu e wi'd
ti., pi'i.'iiis ii.i his back, li. waits m
hi., -liniv tn in h wliiie a territie- tu ni
t'lidiiiciit lim-.i on. tie hvit the
lop. Uni's ritle lire, an: unci; .e n;,
Hie. niachiiie tun tire. shLn ii, I. hith
e ilisi es, nas shells and eiiuid tas.
'And content! It's ennu-'i 10 niakd
aii hody Maxell's. We've been tlirm' .ti
it ij.iv, ;(, id I Know tin- debt (ho eve
th M "
i e apt ai 11 M e
' rh.'H'.s ,,. M :or.-.
t:i:i-. .iViu.1''. Au
'. "t:iat
ikitii; of
this bc.r
a u.miI.
.Mi : THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1919.
FIVE
WOMEN ASK FUNDS
11
TO HELP ORPHANS
That the Warren district fund for
the Fatherless Children of France
may be increased to reach the de
mands of pledges undertaken by the
local committee, women in charge of
the organization will this week aj;aiu
renew their efforts to secure addi
tional pltdxes cf friends to the or
phans of the war torn districts of
France. The campaign will begm on
Monday, and will continue until suf
ticicnt funds have been raised to
meet all obligations.-
Under the plan which will be put
into effect this week, several persons
will be permitted jointly to subscribe
to the support of one or more or
phans. However, the women in
charge declare, any persou w ho wishes
now to subscribe independently lor
one orphan is privileged to so pledge.
Cards for pledges of joint support I
have been prepared by the women and i
will be presented to various residents
of the district for circulation.
For the support of one orphan it is
pointed .lt, the following scale ap
plies: l' cents keeps a child a day,
$3 one month, $:;6.50 one year and
$73 two years. Subscriptions and
applications lor orrhans may be ent
to J. P. Connolly, local treasurer, at
the Bank of Bisbee.
The Warren district organization
for the support of ilie fatherless chil
dren of France lias been in existence
for the past year and more. Through
it many residents have subscribed to
support at least one child, and the
organization itself has undertaken the
support fo a number of children al
most equal to the individual elfort of
the district. It is the fulfillment ot
this latter pledge that the women at
this time are working toward.
sy 1 f c1 tttij coal oil, distllate. stone distillate tops
OOlUieV alOW V iliiand 32 34 gravity gas, tlie Jilt a gas
i nrrtresu ainliri tn a half dozen or
ffp CrlllPll ' 4 ft ft 1 11
UllPl( '"'
The First cavalry minstrel perform
ance, given last night at the Grand
theater, will be repeated again today,
so many people were turned away
from the doors last night alter the
S. R. O. sign had been hung out.
The performance was rather above
that of the ordinary amateur company,
and there were a number of laughter
creating features. Judging from ap
plause, the audience liked it from
start to finish. An added attraction
was the excellent music of the First
cavalry orchestra.
The minstrel men paraded during
the afternoon, the flags of the allies
and regimental guidons making a col
orful medley as attractive to the eyes
as the band music was to the ear. A
concert played on the veranda of the
Phelps Dodge store was heard by sev-
eral hundred people
, Yt l I sarv metais, coat ana irainea laoorers.
DraiJiatlC rCeCllOllHe sas Orman agriculture will be
crippled if the machines are delivered
htir f'hnrifii .Sniii!-
Pupils of Mrs. Maye Esther Eng
lish will be presented in a dramatic
recital at the high school gymnasium,
Thursday evening, January 30, at 8:15
o'clock. The recital will be given for
the benefit of the Warren district re
lief association and an admission of
50 cents will be tfiarged.
Those to appear in the recital are:
Jeanette Newman. Amy Fenner.
Martha Cooper, Mary Hennessey.
Scotti Mae Hines. Blanche Campbell,
Nina Fay Stevens, Emily McDonald
and Helen McDonald.
AGRICULTURAL PLAN ENDS
.IFAREZ. Mex., Jan. IS. With the
transfer of the command of the north
western military zone from General .
Castro, the agricultural cxperimeut !
w hich General Murgui has been con-j
ducting at Molinar. near Chihuahua j
City, came to an end. i
General Murguia conceived the Plan!
i
Dr. Anna Ekola
CHIROPODIST
Comes to us w.'i recommended
from the most reputable drut
stores in Arizona. Oreuon biwl
Montana, and we can well re
commend her, as has given the
people here the le- in" satisfaction,
in fai t, we believe licr work as a
Chiropodist could not be belter,
and we can recommend her to any
one who needs her servii es. She
will be here till Wednesday night.
lias also agency fur Wi.,ird arch
Builders, the only an li I hat is com
fortable the first wearing.
LOWELL DRUG CO.
10 A. M. to 9 P. M.
of putting hundreds" of rebels from
the south, who had been given am
nesty, on the fertile lands of northern
Mexico and assisting them to earn a
living. He started his first experi
mental tract at Molinar and another
later at Laguna station. Farming im
plements, horses, mules and wind
mills were supplied these native farm
ers who arrived from the south with
their families. Although the experi
ment did not have sufficient time to
prove its value, a substantial a crop
was being made by the former rebels
when tJie scheme was abandoned by
General Margul when he left for the
south.
MILK ANALYSIS FOR
WEEK ENDING JAN. 18
The analysis of milk for the week
ending January IS, as reporteJ by Dr.
R. B. Durlee, city and county bac
teriologist, follows. For the informa
tion of readers it may be stated that
the legal maximum of water in milk
is gg per cent, while there must be
at least 3.25 per cent of butter fat
Fct. Fct.
Fat Water
Busy Bee Fruit Market.. 3.2 S7.93
Hillside f)airy 3.5 S3.05
Bisbee Creamery 8.5 S3.50
Standard 3.6 87.60
A. Ilaram 2. 90.20
Sun Jos 4.2 S7.CG
F. Guerrero 4.3 86.29
Van Hulon 6. S3 97
W. S. Hayes .6 86.20
J. Conley A 4. . 86.40
J. Con lev li 3.4 8S.19
A. M. Collins 5. 86.82
Pitts Process Is
Metting Success
Burning low grade fuel, including
nlore automobile? in this district is
meeting with success, according to
the report of officers. The Pitta pro
cess was invented by Bisbee men and
is entirely a local proposition. It h;'S
been tinder tests now for some
months.
To date the Pitts has' been applied
only to Ford cars, by the replacing of
the Ford cam-shaft with the Pitts
cam-".iialt. The process is not that of
a new carburetor, but is a second lift
process through t'ie man i (old whereby
combustion of the low grade fuels is
made easier.
DISAPPEARANCE OF
SPARTACAN'S BODY
MYSTERY OF CRIME
(Continued from Page One)
jclares Ulat Germany will be unable to
replace the agricultural machinery
taken, because Germany lacks neces-
th allies
The Boersen Courier says that Food
Minister Wurm declared that he first
learned of the conditions through the
press and that he could not accept re
sponsibility for the consequences. The
TageUlatt asks in an editorial:
"Where are justice and humanity
whioh were to dictate peace? We be
hold always force and only force and
the German people, after such treat
i physical and mental sufferings, are
delivered to destruction. '
BOLSHEVIKI TAKE CITY
LONDOX, Jan. 18 (By the Associ
aid iressK Mitau. the capital of
Court'.and, has been occupied by the
bolshevitj, according to a iGennan
wireless dispatch here today. The
Germans were obliged to leave behind
numerous guns and supplies of am-
munition.
fire broke out, destroying a great
number of houses in the center of the
town.
1
WOMEN LEADER OF
RUSSIANS IN U. S.
(Coiiilntied trom Page O.it)
wish to obtain her as a speaker. The
NaMor.el Woman Suffrage association
is trying to arrange speaking appoint
ments tor her. I tcel that her work
in America will be devoted to the
Russian orphans. She was engaged
iu tnis work belore she left Russia."
JUROR VIOLATES OATH
(Bv I'.eview leased V.'ire
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 18 The
charge that an unnamed juror violated
his ohth in the trial in which Joshua
W. Sykes, apostle of the Church of the
Living God, Berkeley, Calif, and Den
ver, Colo., and three oihers were con
victed recently in the I'nited States
district court of violation of the espi
onage law, was made, today when
Sykcs and others were up for sen
tence. Their attorney alleged that the jur
or am! one of the leading witnesses
for the government nad on three oc
casions had luncheon together while
the trial was in progress. To give
the government time to rep'y to the
allecation sentence was postponed uu
til next Tuesday.
PUBLISHER FACES TRIAL
H'.v li'-view lw'aseij Wire
NEW YORK. Jan. 1 - Edward A.
iiuinle;. . former publisher of the New
York Evening Mail, was held today ,
by a I'nited Stxtes coniniisisoner fori
removal to W ashington to answer in-
dictnienls growing out of nis alleged
purchase of the .Mail with German
government monev Immediately aft-
erwaid he obtained a wr't it habeas
mrpilf ir''iituiK xniil inn nt tin-
1 l 1 .
DRAFT DISCUSSION
ENDS IN SHOOTING PURCHA
Bv ItevK-w Leased Wire)
DAVENPOHT, la.. Jan. IS. Bitter
feeling growing out of the free use
of yellow paint on the barns and
fences of Ward Turner, 35 years old.
led to the probable fatal shooting of
fjennis Flynn, 34 years old, by Turner,
in the main street of Mauuoketa this
afternoon.
Turner was taken irto custody Im
mediately alter the shooting and
given a henring on a charge of as
sault with intent to murder.
Although bonds were fixeJ at $10,
000, the authorities reTuso to release
him until the outcome of Flyun's
wounds are definitely known.
The feud between the Turner and
Flynn families started last summer
when Turner was married. The Flynn
faction alleged that he married to
evade the draft.
On one occasion during the sum
mer, raiders visited the Turner farm
at night and painted his barn and
e.ht Is a bright yellow. The Flynn
'faction was accused of the deed. An
other night another expedition al
leged to have been headed by the
Flynns went to the Turner farm and
daubed the fences o:re more with
yellow paint. Saturday afternoon
Flynn and Turner met ou the main
business street of the town.
"You ought to be in Russia with
t;;e bolsheviki, Flynn is alleged to
have said to Turner.
Turner is alleged to have di.'wn a
pistol and iirc.l two shots at Hync.
one of which struck him in the jaw.
DIED IN GERMANY
LONDON, Jan. IS. ( British Wire
less Service.) Of the 2,0'i.OH') Rus
sian prisoners scattered throughout
the central empires, 1,000,00 died in
captivity, accjijing to the Morning
Post. Reiatriated British prisoners
of war have brought reports of the
inhuman treatmeut meted out to Rus
sian prisoners in the concentration
camps of Germany and Austria, and
these stories have been borne out by
a report recently received by the In
ternational Red Cross from some of
its delegates who have just returned
from Germany.
According to these reports, the Rus
tians were subjected to terrible bru
talities and were lorct-d to do heavy
and degrading work, whether hick or
v el' They were always half btorver1.
and were under the cor.S'.an
of the lash. Some 80C.0OO
still remain in Germany.
StimUiUS '
Russians
BAR GERMANS FROM
MILLION RUSSIANS
LUVUilAll 1 1 rLJAiran Soluiers and Valors Protective
lHy f.evicw L.as'i
PARIS, Friday, Jan. 17
vrtrc) I
The aiimis-;
sion of Germany to the league of na
tions is the subject of numerous dis
cussions. Leon Bourgeois, French au
thority on the league, thinks it must
be composed at first exclusively of
the associated nations and those neu
tral states which since 1H1T have ad
nered to the rules of the second Hague
conference and who have Uhrmg tfle .
war strictly observed international
rights. Later M. Bourgeois f jels, Ger
many may prove her title to incm.be.r-
ship. j
'"It is the free people w ho have j
fougnt lor justice and right w ho must :
lay the unshakable foundations ot the
league," said M. Bourgeois to the As-1
aociated Press, "and who must in ai
spirit ot perfect and mutual trust pro-!
mulgated its laws, determine the guar-!
autees, and shoulder its obligations." I
' Ought Germany then nut form a ;
part oi the league 7" he was asked. j
"On that opinions dif!er,' he replied. I
"My ow n is that a league ot nations ,
tends to become universal, hut ow nig
to the very object which we are tiy-j
ing to achieve, it tan only be in-ititut-1
e.U among free nations wuich are trie
to their word and which are icady 10 j
give all the guarantees which aie ic-1
gaily i:nd materially necessary. Ger-!
many can join the league
v. nen s he
full ills these conditions.
"But the mere upsetting of in-r mili
tary government cannot lie considered
sufficient proof that she has turned
over a tresh leaf. The dangt r lies,
not only in the military government
alone, but in the very soul of the Ger
man people, it ia tne whole of tier
many that has said to the woilri:
Might before right.' "
"ine destruction of ouilitarism,
therefore, is neccst, ary, r.ut this politi
cal revolution must lie bo accomplish
ed bv a moral revolution as well.
Doubtless Tie sweeping victory gain-I
cd by the allies will hasten tnis tians
tornidtion and help Germany to realize ,
that there exists a force -uperior to I
material force anil that the reign of'
sovereign justice has arrived."
"In any case." continued M. Hour-,
geois, "besides the military t'ltir intees
that will be imposed by the Veace I
treaty, besides the f.iif.linii ;u ol all'
just reparations, besides the punish-j
ment of ail those guilty of crimes i
; against human law s, (e i many must ac
j ccpt and submit to all the tuies of ;
iinu ination.il control to which tlie titn
I er nations will have consented vol ,
luntarily." '
AVIATOR KILLED.
I'E.N.-'Ai ' 'I. A. Fla.. Jan 1
dent A .ialor Jnhn Wi-morc
An.eles was killed in.ir Im I
w .1 h Knsi-n A. 1 . Hmucvw,'
nev . V Y.. and Student
1. 1" l.ns;
e lelav
1 ..f le-
A" mior
James J Gruv n!
I'il tvhui ; h.
or-iilHir m'HI'I.iih h II into l'i n,n
I All flic bixli'.'s wi'ir I ccdV ci L'.l.
LEBAUDY TRIED TO
SE
I-.y Review Leaned Wire
MINKOLA, D- I.. Jan. 18. Attor
neys for Madame Jacqi.es LebauJy,
who shot and killed her husband, the
self styled "Emperor of the Sahara,"
in their hotel at Westbury last Sat
urday, obtained today irom a New
York drug clerk an affidavit stating
thai Lebaudy tried to purchase poison
the .lay he was slain. According to
the affidavit, LelK.udy said the poison i
was for his wife anJ child. The clerk i
said he refused to mae the sale.
The affidavit will l:e turned over!
Monday to Charles It. Weeks, dis
trict attorney of Nassau county, who
is conducting an investigation of the
shooting before the -rrand jury, and
it is beiieed, will strengthen Madame
I.ebaudy's claim t!:at she and her
daughter, J::cueline, had been threat
ens! repeatedly by her husband.
trmsl K. S.iheni. a:i attorney, who
said h tud had charge of Madame
Lebaudy's affairs fo- more than ten
years, issued a statement today de
claring trere was no likelihooi that
a successful atu-ir.;;t would be made
to prt-vent I.e.- an j ln.-r daughter from
inhtriiinc t!:o major part of the slain
man's fortune, which is estimated at
several miliums. Madame LebauJy,
he said, can prove a char right to
her dov.tr interest in Ui i-.-,fue. So
f:T as kuo'vu Lebaudy lei t no v. ill.
Fire Engineers
Report on Fitms
iVv Review Lensf-d Wire)
NEW YORK, Jan. 18. Engineers of
ti:e National board of lire under
wirters in a report made public here
today on motion picture film fires,
in which lives Wjve been lost and
much property destroyed, warned
against pos.sihie repetitions, in count
less cities throughout the United
States."
Attention was called to recent fi'.m
fires iu Pittsburg. Chicago, Detroit and
elsewhere, and instances cited in
which 'practically all recognized safe
guarding features in connection with
the storage of film were utterly disre
garded." Elimination of the inflammable
uitro-cellulose film and the substitu
tion of the non-inflamable acetate
film, the report says, is not at pres
ent possible, but the engineers urge
"the enactment of laws prohibiting
the future printing of motion pictures
upon the nitro-ttll'ilcse films."
Meauv.uhe, it says, every effort to
reduce the fire hazard bhould be
"TOW il .iruu.iii uie jjlt-ffllL aiui u'
nflamable films.
DISCHARGED MEN ORGANIZE.
(Ky ;.-v-v J.iNised Vv'lrej
NEW lOitK. Ja.i. 1 The Am!ii-
I association, t'.ie c'ni.'l supporter ot i
vfci.-h is raid to b. a leading financier
.,n.i aw.xeil r.hiect of which is to
:Uht t.ie :-riicad of bolshevism among
oflicers and men released from the j
ration's services and out of work, has
been fo.med here by a sroun of dis i i
ehi:i'i.ed armv oificers. it was an-i
nouueeU to lay. Uii'orts of the organ-i
iiatiou which wa.- conceived by Lt. L I
D. Mayne, will i onsisl chiefly in pro-
. ;,,, ,h iisi-hnred men wit'i what
ewr he needs money, credit, help!
in finding a j.ib or aid ia getting to i
his houiu tiwu. !
" Beautiful Hair
Aids Many
Screen Artists"
Lie! Ic, the new Paramount
Star, makes this statement. Of
coursr, you h ive seen Miss l.re
on the screen, and know what
beautiful hair she has.
The coming star of all 1'ilin
tlom attribute the health and
vigor nil wonderful luster of
her hair to the use of
jNelbbro's "Herpicide
CirU! What llerniciilc h
clone for Mis I's liair, and
that of other Pnrni.nmnt stars
it will do for yours, llo not
envy I.ila I .re's lirmitiful hair
improve your own.
If your hair is dull, briiiic or
luslerlss, or i:i o' her words, if
you need l(. .-il' nie. lion't iHay
its Use get a bottle todnv.
,s"oW ereriwhrrr nkr nnthf.? rite.
Apvlic.it.'ii i nt r-jltr Purler .SAepi.
Send lHc ia stair r rnm inr ten
rrw imr.lt H lif li r ICI D B. A J.lrrl
Ocpl. l7fiC. The HcrpiciJ Company.
ieiruit. L'. S. A.
SPECIAL AGENT
POISON
PALMER COULDN'T
RAISE HAND TO HEAD
Every Muscle in Body Ached
With Rheumatism Like
New Man After Taking
Tanlac
"I have lived in Portland lor :io
years and there are Just lots of people
here who know tnai Tanlac lias made
a new man of me," said J. 11. Palmer,
the well known transfer aril baggage
man. residing at 2oti Knott street.
Portland. Ore., recently.
"I have been a sutierer (rein rneuni-1
atism 25 years." continued Mr. Palmer,
"and reached the point where I never
expected to get well, or even any bet
ter. I spent thousands of dollars try
ing to get relief, but gradually got
worse. Every muscle in my bixly semi
ed to be drawn up. every joint stiff,
and 1 could not move without sinter
ing agony. When I walked insteau of
lifting my feet. I would Just have to
drag them along and if my life had
depended on it I could not have raised
my hinds hiuh enough to touch the
uack of my head. 1 was laid up tor
more than two years at one lUne. Aft
er sitting down for a while 1 couldn't
get up without holding onto something
and after 1 did get on my feet it would
take me several minutes to straighten
myself up. During the past year or
Try Pineapple
Pineapple is a
flavor whir, b
must b sealed
to kee p. We
seal it ia a viaL
We uie half a
ripe pineapple
to make the
flavor for one
Jiffy-Jell dea
lers So you get
a wealth of this
T 5
delightful taste.
Jiffy-Jell comes ready sweet
ened. The bott!e of flavor comes
in the package. And it casts a
trifle. One package makes instant
dessert for six.
There are 10 flavors, but try
Pineapple and Loganberry today
Order them now
t Pmckaw for 25 Ctnlm
At Your Groctr'm
Jiffy-J II W.ukc h, Wisconsin
Ik-mm
THE FAIR ANNEX The STORE WITHIN A STORE.
Mere -Uoee
If this same merchandise was in regular stock, in most stores, they would get double
this price. This is a remarkable opportunity to buy merchandise at these prices.
uv a vvurmB - -
Men's Shoes $2.95
One big lot of men's black lace shoes, in ail sizes, to cloie $2.95
Men's Sweaters 85c
Men's gray sweaters, without collars, pood weight, all sizes 85c
Misses Sweaters $1.39
300 misfes sweaters, with and without belts, large and small collars, in old rose. Cop
enhagen, navy, blue and brewn. Regular $2.-0 values, to close $1.33
Atl Women's Sweaters 25 Off
Women's sweaters of silk, wool and cotton, colors, green. 3 .-Mow, rd, purple, brown
and pink. All styles that are new, to close, 25' ( OFF.
Women's Wool Hose 35c and 45c
Women's black wool hose, regular 50c values, all ?ies 35c
Women's black wool hose, regular 75c values, all sizes 4dc
Women's Coats 513.95
One big lot of women's coats, in all the newest styks. so:.;-- tiimmrd in fur collars,
others of self material, all sizes, to close $13.95
Women's Silk Dresses V3 Less
Big assortment to chose Irom, in silks, sarins and serges,
to close i LESS.
ENTRANCE
ON
SUBWAY
sTRE.LT
jUl
two my condition became very much -worse.
My whole system seemed to be
rundown. My kidneys botnered me
nearly all the time, my back nurt me.
and at times I wuuid almost scroam
from pain.
'1 ;.No sutieri'd from indigestion.
My sioma h would bloat up after eat
ing and my food would sour and add
more to my misery. I would lay awake
more than half the n:ght tubbing my
arms and legs trying to get ea-y so I
could get a little rest. I woulU get
awfully blue and despondent over my
condition, and yet. could see no way
out -jf my suffering.
""The testimonials ol people right
heie in Portland, seme of whom I
know personally, caused me to try
Tanlac. .Well. I am now ,i yeari old
and I juv. want to say lli.it i have nev
er s.'en anything li! e it. Before I liu
ishecl my first boitle I was eating
twice as much as before and left no
bad effects from it. 1 am now on my
fourth iioitir, and the rheumatism fr.i
just about all le.t me. Why. n:y legs
are just as limber as if I had never
had a touch of rheniuatism. 1 don't i
suffer any more from constipation and i
headache and have gained baek all my
energy and strength anil several
pounds in weight, besides. Numbers 1
of my friends, who know what Tan- (
8 PAY CASH
WE ARE GOING TO PLACE OUR FAVORITE
LAUNDRY SOAP, "BOB WHITE" ON SALE
AGAIN ON MONDAY AND TUESDAY, TO GIVE
THOSE A CHANCE WHO WERE UNABLE TO
l AKE ADVANTAGE OF OUR LAST SALE.
CO NOT PASS THIS UP.
3AR, Sc CASE, $5.00
J.
PURE FOOD GROCER
WHZRE YOU CAN DO BETTER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-16109
s
Dresses -G
lac has done for me. are now taking it
with fine results. Yes. sir, Tanlac has
done everything for me 1 could wish,
far more than 1 expected it could do,
and 1 would be willing to go before a
notary and make an affidavit as to the
truth of this statement."
Tanlac Is sol 1 in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Doaglas by Douglas Drug com
pany, in Paradise by G. A. WalKer, iu
liow ie. by Bowio Drug company, in San
Simon by .'. B. Cooke, in Wilcox by
A. A. Nicholson, in Lowell by Lowell
Drug company, in Benson by C. F.
Moss Pharmacy, in Gleesun by B. A.
Taylor, in Warren by Warren Pharm
acy, in Pearee by B. A. Taylor, in
Tombstone by Boyd's Drug store, and
in McNeal by McNeal Mercantile company.
Ke2 Miller's adv in this issue, it
v. ill s.;ve you i i I i 25
PR. BAKER. Specialist on Refraction
of the Eye. is now at Johnson Hotel,
on his regular visit to Bisbee. Call
early if vou wish to see him.
The same critical
examination for the
purpose of fitting
glasses taueht and
recommended by the
highest acknowledged authorities.
- PAY LESS
OAP
ANGIUS
oats-Shoes
1
2
All new M.-s. All sizes.
or
MAIN
B'JILDIf 'l SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, SUNDAY, JANUARY 19, 1919.
Returned Native SonMH j.
Relates War Stories DEAD AT POST
IN GUADALAJARA
l arrym.5 ins rinm :ivni siiiny as si ours wnon a tiorman sniper saw us
result of a Ixnu' shut ii-riiig ball from -and opened fire. At his third shot
a Hun sniper's rifle and with the i-'old ! he struck mo in the rihl elbow. Then
stripe indicative of six months' foreign
sirvi-? n his sieevo, William Gill,
well-known hi re as a mini r and a na
tive of Tombstone, has returned to the
district 10 visit his mother, a resi
dent of Warr-Mi anil his uncle. John
Twonipy.
Gill's accoiiiit of trench life in
Frane-i and of the action in which he
received his wound, is graphic.
"I left here with the draft of ApriT,
191S. lor ("a:.p Kunston and there was
a mat-hint' gun from the German
trenches opened up on us and fired a'
number of shots, but I was i lie only
one hit. We sol hack into the woods
where our own trenches were situated '
ami Rot under cover. They didn't at- j
tempt to follow us. '
"! was sent to a hospital in the rear!
of the Toul sector and remained there !
lor several weeks. There wis an '
aviation camp pre;ty close to us anil'
every night about 12 o'clock German
R.
assigned to Company K, :;.:',th Infan- airplanes would fly over and bomb it.
try, Mth division. After a lew weeks' . They never homlx-d the hospital but
training, ve went by tr::ii! to Hoboken . ve always were on edge for fear they j
and left there on a transport earry- would trv lo do it.
ing about r.tj'.m of us, soldiers, war; "The Germans used to make
workers and nurses. 1 do not remem- mighty uncomfortable for us
iV.v Poview 1.en..l Wic)
WA.SIIIXGTOX, Jan. ?S. John
Siiliman, I'niled States consul at
Guadalajara, who figured prominently
as a representative on the American ;
government during the Huerta regime i
in Mexico, died at Guadalajara yes- j
terday.
Sevetal days a.uo the vice-consul in- '
formed the state department iliac Air. 1
Siiliman was ill. Today u message ;
from .Mrs. Siiliman announced hi r has-
her the exact tlate but it was the same
d.ty that the Gorman submarines were
operating off the Xew Jersey coast
and t'.mio iwer.ty otld vessels were
sunk. We had an anxious time of it.
but our voyaae was. a quiet one. Aft
er 11 days we hfnded in Liverpool.
'For 12 days we were quartered in
England and then were sent to
Southampton and crossing the channel
landed at La Havre. We had three
weeks of intensive training and then
were sent to the front in the Toul
sector opposite Metz.
"We ot a warm reception, as o-i the
secend t-ight in the trenches the Ger-.
mans sent over a mustard sas barrage
and about lluti men in the division ,
including: "0 out of our reaimeiit, '
were so hatlly gassed that they were
put out of action and fully 20 per rent ;
died. Of the nipn sent to the hospital !
. I band's death, the immediate cause be-
' 1 ificr ilt in ika ,...
. I"f Cl lvl ill l lie lirui I.
around . .,........, ... . ...
our kitch- ,' .,. , ....
Several of the fellows sent hack .... . ... , ... ...
,..- ,.l.- in.-., .,,..,. . l-ill.l 1, -.i-....in. ..K"-'i"a"-.
meal
ens.
times by bombarding
artillery fire.
"There were seven: I other Bishee
boys in my company. Among them
were Dan Angius. John Hinds, a boy
named Hobson. whose brother is hoist
ing engineer at the Sacramento. I un
derstand Mr. Hobson got a telegram
today saying his brother, who had
been reported nr'ssing. was all right
and hack with his regiment.
"The people in America who gave
money to the Red Cross got the worth
of their money. That's the greatest j
organization I know of It gave (mighty j removen to Tpxa8, aml lator Wet, to
line ser i e to c.s leiiuws
.Mr. f illiman exercised virtually the
powers of an ambassador. He acted j
vigorously to protect Americans, no
tably in the case of a woman insulted j
by Mexican officers. For her he ob- ;
tained prompt redress. In 1915 he '
was called to the I'nited States to ad- j
vise this country during the Niagara I
Falls conferences on the Mexican sit- 1
nation.
Mr. Siiliman was born in Darwin j
county, Alabama, in 1S55. After grad- j
uating faom Princeton, where he was
a classmate of president llson. he
it was found necessary to operate on three prices for everything. Take Bull
quite a few in a manner that w ill j Durham tobacco; I paid the Y ns high
handicap them all their lives in order as 1" cents for a sack tliat I could
to rave their lives. i buy at the artuv commissary at three
AnVDOUT I ri.. tr. i ,.,:..
who donated a dollar can know it wasj
rU"The Y.gM. C A.'at the front is a big i MILWAUKEE MAYOR j
frost. Their canteen charged soldiers ! .IFFRFD OFF STAflF. '
"It was early on the morning of
August 16 that I was wounded. A lieu
tenant, two sergeants, two corporals
and six privates had been sent out on
patrol duty. We were instructed to
go through the German wire and if
we could not bring back ?.ny prison
ers to go on into a wood back of their!
cents. Personally I heard Y secretar
ies tell soldiers who were a couple of
peiuiies shy of having the 20 cents
they charged for Camel cigarettes, to
take their money and go shoot craps
until thev had made up the differ
ence." The condition of Gill's arm. while
(Bv Review 1.chsj-1 Wire) i
MILWAUKEE. Wis., ' Jan. IS. i
Mayor Daniel W. Hcan was tonight i
compelled to give place to Gov. E. L.
I'hilipp, who greeted 3U0O soldiers and j
sailors, just returned home from over
seas and army camps in a wekome
address at the auditorium.
The returning soldiers took excep- i
tkm to Mayor Hoan welcoming their re I
turn because he presided at the soci-
trenches and locate some machine gun ! he ea.n bend it only a little, -will pre-.alist meeting last Sunday night when
nests that hid been giving us trouble.
"We s'.arted out about 2:3rt in the
morning and reached the German wire
only to find that about 40 Germans 1
were out repairing it. We were trying
dude his returning to his former occu
pation of mining. Were he able, his
old position with the Inspiration com
pany at Miami doubtless would be
ready to receive him. However, he
to locate one or two away from the 'declares the intention of waiting until
main body to take prisoner and then j the government is ready to give voca
make a quick dive back to our ; tional training to disabled soldiers and
trenches, w hen we were discovered, j then learn how to do something else
The Germans ran back to their ; for which his wounded member would
trenches and we started back toward i not unfit him.
'some of the Kneakeru used lnnfrmie'e
concerning the war which thev resent
ed. Mayor Hoan issued a statement late
today in which he vigorously disap
proved doctrines of violence but to
nig'it when he arose to begin his ad
dress he was jerred for several min
utes. The mayor, without saying a
word, then motioned to Governor
I Philipp. who took the floor and was
receivea wun tumultous applause.
LIBERATED SERBIA I
IN EXTREME NEED )
VOTE AGAIN IN MICHIGAN WAGE BONUS FOR U. S. WORKERS
. (Bv Rpview Iea8wl Wire)
(ry Rf-view l?n.ei Wire) WASHINGTON, Jan. 18. A wage
LANSING, Mich., Jan. IS. The bonus of $240 for the year beginning
Michigan legislature must again take next July for nearly all government
ud and act upon the prohibition employes receiving $2Sl)0 or less was
amendment to the federal constitution, voted tonight by the house in pass
in the opinion of Secretary of State ing the i:20 legislative, executive and
Yanchan. j judicial appropriation bill carrying
The fault in the prohibition act as $96,0.t.00U. The wage bonus, double
passed by the legislature was that to j that of the current fiscal year, will
ihe effect that congress and the sky- cost the government approximately
eral states should have "joint" power $14,000,000.
to enforce the amendment, and the I Employers of temporary govern-
resoiunon. as passed ny congress, ; mental agencies, established during l elgrade today presents the as-1
HrO'id!JS that DOWer tO enforce thelth uar will ntit receive the increase inect rf a cnnvnleifc-enr nfrer a corlnnc !
(Bv Review Ix-ased Wlr- I
WASHINGTON, Jan, 18. The off!- j
cial bureau of information of the King-1
dom of the Serbs, Croats and Slov
enes, made public today a dispatch
from Belgrade, giving a picture of the
great misery which prevails in liber
ated Serbia. The dispatch, dated Jan
uary 14. says in part:
measure should be concurrent, giv
ing the federal government authority
:o act in case the state declined.
nor will jiostal employes.
ARMY OFFICER FREED
FURMITURE HOUSE BURNS.
MACON. Ga.. Jan. IS
t?il nf r-nt TJnlnli X vi'nreenn of ChHt-
...;- ".. .." . i morning
liinuuu, iriiu., uiiu ui inei
Hinraan and George T. Gretton, both
of l'.uffalo, N. Y., by a court martial
at Camp Wheeler which investigated
the killing of "Jad" Richardson, a de
serter, was announced today. Rich
ardson was killed iu a raiJ on an
illicit distillery. ,
(By Reviv Leased Wire)
. I SIOUX CITY, la., Jan. 18. Fire
acquit-:.hk.h .roke a . 0.t.1(K.k thi(i
in the LinJholm Furniture
company had almost completely de
stroyed the structure and its con
tents. The building is located in one
of the main business blocks of the
city. The blaze was spectacular,
flames shooting high into the air.
The loss ia estimated at 300,00.
TO SMOKE IN Y. M. C. A.
(Pv Review Leased Wirs)
NEW YORK, Jan. IS. Abolition ot
"no smoking" si.;ns in Y. M. C. A.
buildiuss is suapested in a letter to
general secretaries sent out today by
Dr. George J. Fisher, head of the
physical department of the interna
tional committee.
v TEN FALL INTO FLAMES.
(By Review Leased Wirs)
NEW YORK. Jan. 18. Ten firemen
fighting a fire in a two-story frame
automobile warehouse early today fell
into the blazing bidding when the
roof collapsed and were buried in the
debris.
j illness. The population which before
ithe war numbered 100.000, today is
reduced by half. Certain streets and
certain quarters are still deserted. A
very great numoe-r oi nouses nave
been destroyed, wholly or in part by
the bombardment. There is a want
of material to reconstruct them.
"Tradi is dealing only in goods of
prime necessity. All other merchan
dise is available in very small quan
tities. The prices in consequence are
extraordinarily high. A suit of clothes
costs $200, a pair of boots $50, hats
$10 to $14, shirts $20. and stockings
$8. In the provinces the state of
things is still worse. All the children
are anaemic and infant mortality is
great."
FRANCE ASKS TIIAT SECRET TREATIES, '
APPORTIONING TURKEY, BE CARRIED OUT
COUM.
- - 5Pf Tl ffcA
PASHOMCSA
.44..
V :
' r G R S 1 A
ADMITS SLAYING GIRL
(By Review T .eased Wire)
NEW YORK. Jan. IS Patrick
O'Donnell. of this city, arrested in
Yonkers today after he had confessed
to the murder of Elizabeth Mary Ril
dell, a stenographer, in the Borough
of Queens Wednesday evening, to
night was lodged in the Jamaica jail.
After his confession of the murder
O'Donnell'B wife said he had been tak
en ill Tuesday and she had accom
panied him to his place of employ
ment here Wednesday night and was
with hira there at the time the murder
was committed. Officials of the com
pany employing O'Donnell said the
time dock substantiated her story.
O'Donnell is an epileptic, his wife declared.
DRAFT ARGUMENT FATAL
MAQFOKETA, la.. Jan. IS. Denns i
Flynn was shot, probably fatally, here i
this afternoon by Ward Turner, dur-!
ing a quarrel in the main street over .
The lurkisli empire, of which only Anatolia will remain if secret treaties
are carried nuL
France will ask the peace conference to approve, insofar as her right
ere concerned, the secret treaties entered into between France, Russia and
britain in 191"). by the terms of which Turkey was a;: portioned amonj; the
three powers. These treaties provided:
(1) Armenia to be placed under international protection.
(2) r ranee to cet Syria, Lebanon and a strip of Armenia.
(3) Great Iiritam to pet Mesopotamia.
(4) Russia to (jet Constantinople.
(i) Arabia and El Hejaz to be independent states.
deputized
violence.
to guard Turner from mob
DELAY DISMANTLING ORDER.
'CnnffrnM on Pa Two
DENVER, Colo.. Jan. 18 The pub
lic utilities commission today grant
ed ft 20-day delav on the order per
mitting dismantling of the Colorado
Midland railroad, making It effective I
February 8 Instead of next Monday.
In the meantime Interests opposed to
the dismantling will go to Washington
to place their case before the na
tional railroad administration.
Action bv the commission followed
a stipulation between counsel for op
poslne sir.es. Attorney General vic
tor K KfVM, teleerxphed Conress
man Fdward T. Taylor at Washington-
asking that arrangements be
made with the railroad commission
for presentation of the rase with a
view to obtaining federal aid so that
the road may be continued in opera
tion. Attorney General Keyes an J
Leroy Williams, chairman of the
till p w
i i : 1 1 r mm mm ' m 1 1 1 ' : ' ' t i i 1 1 i 1 ' n i
VJJ
'I :; i!i!H;:
' l: ! t ' 1 1 ! lit : !i. i.
i 1 i i lil.
wm
li!!il!il:ii.ii;m TX':.'
i ;i
lb
You are throwing m
away baking pow
der money
Wasting baldng powder and expensive baking
.materials frittering away valuable time
K you are not using Calumet Baking Powder. If you "doubt"
it just give Calumet one trial The saving it makes will prove that
iSiiillte
Mill:
Ii it" ".I
? ;;!V'j!!h"iiiiii.
'I
i silii
1
llh,
I
Hi
is the best baking powder in the world -
at the fairest price costs far less than high priced Trust
brands costs but little more than cheap brands gives much better results
than either. You use only half the amount usually required it goes twice
as far. It never faiis never causes baking loss. ina it gives a Deuer
grade of bakings than can be had with any other leavener regard
less of cost
Used in the Army and Navy in millions of homes
bv leading hotels, restaurants, ana oaKenes. lviaae m me largebi,
hnest, and most sannary Daiuiig puwuei Lavjiy m mc u.
A wonderful baking powder for all baking requirements.
Pi ! !ii ijil iVv
Ii i i mk
K'&i-l?rr 1 1 virt',Ji i
- 3 v.; iviaa fere'? n- i
. j ii. : i
sold mm
I ipr'jij
f lira
in lm
M ii:! vim i
, hi' !' ! I Hill'M ;t!;i.
ll I !'f :Hl: ! ! ill'! ' 1 1 ! i ' .
I Hut W : i i::tii.
111 Lit i ' M
ll li! V : .'! : '!
r i I I I 1 1 i i
til ' ft!.: .: j : III l, 'I
1 1 . 1 : . ' i ' 1 t it i i i . 1
I : ill MIIMll.i. 'U ill ii
'il'tll'l!- ii.i ill!!' 'II1
I I 1 I 1 1 I I
! . i : 1 ii
i' ' - ; ' ' '
' ''1 1 1 ' . ' ' I!
iiJ'!!l!iiiH!:!iilt:'
...
-
. .w-f4 i-i.-'
: . - t- O . 1
commission, will lie two mi-mhi-rs of
thf coiimiissiofi li to to Wiisliiiiton
tlx- itiir.t to bv- ( hr.seii hit
AMBASSADORE3S REMOVED.
MISSOURI FINAL STATE
j CIIUWCO. Jan. IS Missouri may
llie r.inii-il Hi' I'rtih state to ratify the
pn 'nl.ii ion constitutional amendment.
in honor now held by Nebraska, in-
ARRERT HUN BOLSHEVISTS.
BOLSHEVIKI RETIRING.
(Hy II-vlow I.-asel Wire)
GKXEVA. Jan. IS. i-vt-ral
man and Russian bolshevlsts
Ger-havj
(H-- IN-vlPW I.. .'150.1
PERNK. Friday. J.m 17.
uari.in Government ha
Madame Rosika Sclf.vinim
sadoress lo Switz.Tlnnd. who o np
pointmenl. was only temporary, by
Dr. J. Szlassl. former Austrian am-
dications are that the Michigan leKis- been arretted bv the Lausanna police.
Wi:i' latu-e which has been credited witht is jiid they were bearing false
- The n,in- nassine ti e amendment on January 2.1 pasjpor's and were on their way to
r -ptr.icd 1919 -n-.akinit this state the sixteenth ; I'aris.
r, iimlj.is- to outlaw drink must act asain on1 The Oarette of Lausanne saya:
l'n ni".itirp because of a technicality. "The bolshevlsts under arrest plot-
Missouri, which raced closelv with Med aiainst the lives of Premier Clem-
Xchrar ka to cast the deciding vote. I enceau. President Wilson and Pre-
bassador at Athens, who 1i:is born wculd tints be elevated to the place mier T.Ioyd-Georee. The plot was
named definitely for the position. .of liynir. backed by German old."
Vv Review l.rasnl TVir)
LOXPOX, Jan IS (British Wire
less Service ) The Esthonian (tenerai
staff reports that the hoIaheTiki ar
rapidly retlrinn toward Pskor. i
miles southwest of Petrorra4 A
rtiai to ommunicanoa frora Re
al. the bolsheviki. befora irlvlnt C
Porpat, LlTonia, shX ;;3 mn and ?
women. Aroone those eieeured wwre
th ehief of polle an.l four Luthtaa
pastora. The number of perpona
at Wesenberg. Esfhonia, bfor t
olihviki f 4. i44i 17 .