WEATHER
Frl'lay and Saturday
generally fair; slight
I temperature change.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOL. 21, NO. 214.
rat
4
08BLIES
AGE PRISOr
D
Sacramento Trial Ends in Ver
dict of Guilty as Charged;
Defendants Receive Jury's
Word With Smiles
Government Prosecutor As
sails Organization; Long
Terms, Provided by Law;
Score of Agents Testify
(By Review Leaseil Wire) '
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 6. All
the 4G defendants in the I. W. W.
conspiracy case were found guilty by
a jury iu the United States district
conn here tonight.
The verdict, "guilty as charged,"
was returned at 6 o'clock, after the
jury had been out Bince 4:35 o'clock.
Sentences will be imposed tomorrow
by United States Judge Frank H.Rud
kin of Spokane.
The jury retired after Robert Dun
can, chief government prosecutor,
made the concluding statement, iu
which he said:
Would Degrade Everyone.
"The 1. W. W. recognizes no coun
try, no flag, no color line. They re
spect no flag but the red flag. They
would drag us all down to the level
of the lowest man. They do not rec
ognize diflerence of ability in men,
but would give the unworthy the
same privileges for which the worthy
have to strive so hard."
Daman read at length from journals
of the organization which were al
leged to have stated that 'no peace
officer could be a member of -the I.
W. W.," the "uniform of the United
States soldiers is merely the livery
of the 'scab,' " and "sabotage is a
sign of courage."
"It is a fine example of courage
when some I. W. W. throws a phos
phorus bomb into a haystack and then
to be hundred's of miles away
illlalle IU W UUHUiua KJi uiii'i " j
hnfnro that hnlllh. i"nifpR." DlinClOl i
said. -Thev-said that conscription '
. . . i '
nave urt-u an uinamui v...i,i
restraint of the orderly and prosres
:w r.rnsrrams of this government
46 M
FOB MPT
-rn ii h i t ininn
1 M HAL I llli
They were asked to mar their claims ' appearances which required painstak
for exemption. 'I. W. W. opposed to, ing investigation in order to show
war.' They sought to bring about the' their true character."
sort of government that exists in Rus- Hughes Charges Serious
Cia imiav it la that sort of disorder' In his report Mr. Hughes charged
they would have us live under.
Brands Woman Disloyal.
Miss Theodora Pollok. the only
woman defendant, was called by Dun-
can "just as disloyal as Hill Hay-1
wood the executive head of the or -
ganization." j
' "She could have cast her lot with j
the United States when it was sadly .
in need oi' her talents." he said, "but
she chose to cast it with this treason
able, disloyal ofltfit. She had money
to give this I. W. W. organization,
but not one cent to give her govern
ment." In his charge to the jury. United
States Judge H. F. Rudkin of Spo
kane, who heard the ce, said:
"The mere fact that these defend
ants are Industrial Workers of the
World should not justify a verdict of
guilty. The fact that they may be
found to be conscientious objectors to his stock in the United Motors corn
war should not be held against them pany, because:
in the consideration 01 tnis case. 1 Colonel Deeds at the date the let-
(Continued on Page Three)
ANGELES' REBELS RAID TOWN
FAB ENS, Tex.. Jan. 16. Gua
dalupe, opiiosite here, was cap
tured and held overnight last
night by a band of armed and
mounted Mexicans, reported to be
a part of General Felipe Angeles'
command in the north. Guada
lupe is 30 miles southeast of Jua
rez. The men rode into the main
street firing at the fleeing fiscal
guards, who were the only mili
tary force in the garrison at the
time. A house to house search
was then made for ammunition
MEXICANS FLEE
EL PASO. Tex., Jan. 16. Mex
ican families are moving to the
American side of the border from
Ojinaga. Chihuahua, fearing an
attack by the rebel forces under
General Felipe Anodes, accord
ing to a special dispatch from
Presidio, printed loniulit in La
Repubiica. a Mexican dally here,
favorable to the ngeie move
ment. Ojinaga is opposite Pre
sidio, Tex.
The dispatch stateu that An
People of Mexico
Do Not Wish Sale
To United States
(Pv Review Leased Wire)
SAX FRANCISCO, Jan. 16. Mex
ico's legal inability to sell Lower
California to the .I'nited States, as
proposed in congress, is set forth in
a statement authorized by Governor
Esteban Cantu of Lower California.
sued by his secretary ana received
I here today.
Governor Cantu's statement almost
asserts a belief that there h3S been
no demand by inhabitants of Lowei
California for such a purchase.
The statement follows:
"Governor Cantu has nothing to .;ay j
about the resolution of purchasing a I
portion of the Mexican territory,:
which has been submitted by sum.- j
American congressmen. They art.
pertectly free to discuss the matter,
but it would be well to observe that, I
according to the Mexican constitution, !
neither the president nor the congress
of Mexico are authorized to dispose
of any part of the national territory
ti, !,. ,hi,, thaf i:m mnr Cantu 1
would like to set straight, because it ! J. Mooney and Warren Billings. , The preparaedness of the police evi- j labor cause.
invo'ves a misrepresentation., is the- Practically every principle of the so-j dently cowed the marchers as quickly Mayor Hanson said a fund is to be
statement published bv some' Ameri-1 cialists and the I. W. W. was urgpd as it surprised them. j raised by Seattle business people to
can papers, that a number of inhabi- J for adoption in the flood of oratory j The parade followed an open air help handle the returned men.
tants of the northern district of I which occupied both the morning and . meeting under sanction of the Metal; "Washington as yet has no great
Lower California,- both Mexican and afternoon sessions. Speakers demand-) Trades council and Central Labor ! surplus of unemployed soldiers," Law
American, had asked the government ' ed the organization of an American ' council, attended by nearly 6000 per- j rence Wood, state director of the Uni
of the United States, or any of its' soviet, the press and the capitalist j sons. This niee'ing. addressed by a : ted States employment service ue
high functionaries, to purchase this! class was denounced, and the declara-! number of persons, was quiet and or- j clared here.
portion of the Mexican republic. The tion was made that a new day for derly. A. Wieland. chairman, read
governor is sure that not a single ap-! labor is at hand in which the masses j resolutions condemning the police tori MANY UNEMPLOYED
,h Linj ,a. hn mmlp! u-ill n.le the world. stomiing last Sunday's meeting: which' (Hy Review Leaned Wirei
and a referendum among the inhabi-
, ,u,rirt aA um.mo- all
- r
the population or the Mexican repub-
nc, ror mat uiuner. wou.u ui
the truth
of what the governor as
serts.
XI :
COLONEL OF BLAME
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16. After an
exhaustive investigation into the facts,
the special war department board ap -
pointed to inquire into charges made
against Col. Edward A. Deeds of the '
signal corps, in Charles E. Hughes' I
report on aircraft production has re-1
commended that no court martial pro- j
ceedings be instituted against the of-: m
fin..
. 1 v ' .
Secretary Baker today made public ;
the board s findings together with a 1
letter he has written Chairman Dent '
nr iha miKtm xnmmittco on. i
uouncing that they had been approved i
land the case closed.
inis recora, wrote air. Bauer, un-
doubtedly shows that Colonel Deeds. I
nhni.vhnrl t v t h A O of 11'ltlOP fT O 1 m rU 1 1
...
lug nis personal iinanciai aiiairs, anu ;
' this neglect on his part gave rise to
mat eoionei ueeas naa represented to ,
'officials of the war department that
he had disposed of his stock in the
j United Motors company when as a j
matter of fact that stock still was car-1
' Tied in his name; that he had sent con-1
fidential war department information
to former business associates at Day-
ton. Ohio, ana that he naa sponsorea
"grossly misleading statements to
the effect that American built battle
! planes were en route to the front.
The board attached to its findings
I various letters, telegrams, and sworn
statements relating to these specific
charges. In the case of the first charge
- ....... . ... I
it recommended that no court martial
proceedings be instituted against Col
onel Deeds based upon the statements
in his letter to the secretary of war
and the aircraft production board so
far as they concerned the transfer of
(Continued on Page Two)
and arms and all were seized, to
gether with the horses belonging
to the civilians.
The Guadalupe priest crossed
the border here today and re
ported that the sergeant com
' mandlng the fiscals and a private
soldier, were taken to the foot
hills and executed at sunrise to
day after which the band rode
eastward toward Ojinaga. A com
mand of cavalry from Juarez pass
ed through Guadalupe today in
pursuit of the Angeles men.
OVER BORDER
geles' column was advancing from
Cuchillo Parado, which was oc
cupied Monday, advance guards
having been seen at La Muia
pass. 20 inllps south of Ojinaga.
American military sources here
have 110 conlirmallon of the re
ported advance of the Angeles
force toward the bolder.
The article also stated that
Angeles bad machine guns and
cannon for use in bfseiglng Ojinaga.
WAR
BOARD
FDFFQ
HILL
RADICALS URGE
WILD SCHEMES
BEFORE MQONEY
LABOR MEETING
; Field Day for I. W. W. and
j Socialists in Chicago As-
semblage to Lay Plans to
Release Bomb Plotters
(By Review Leased Wire) in tne crowd Drone ana nen. inrougn ; jzuuu. ine council nas nameu a coin-
CHICAGO, Jan. 16. This was field I the groups remaining the mounted of- mittee to organize a workmen's, sol
day for the extreme radicals at thejticers rode back and forth and later j diers' and sailors' council to handle
national labor congress called to con- j kept up a patrol of the streets in the ! the fund. By helping the men the
sider a nroeram for liberating Thomas ,
Asfail American Federation -
. . . ........... !
1'iean were made 'or inuustriai ne-
n,i f,iirtritv of labor, and
Vthe American Federation of Labor
1 was bitterly assailed. The radical
. delegates and the crowd in the gallery
loudly cheered the revolutionary senti
ments expressed by the speakers.
The climax was reached when a
ni. ,l.
snown ol lue
Mooney case. One scene showed sol-
! diers carrying an Ameircan flag in the
San Francisco preparedness day
rade and there were hisses from some
! of the radicals in the crowd when th
; was flashed on the screen.
The committee on resolutions is ex- j
pected to make its final report tomor-1
! row after which the convention will ;
i . m -I.- 1 .... .7 1.... I. 1
j aajourn. loiugui me .eautr.s i
,the conservatives and the radicals;
; were unable to predict with any de-.
Rree ot accuracy wnui me c.ut,-
would rlo at its closing sessions,
To Plan Progra r.
The report, it is said, will reeom-
end the adoption of the procram 01
.1... T..,.... j..,.t U'Arl-oru' nfcnlP I
111: llliriliaiiuiini , . ..v . . -. . . i
league for the liberation of Mooney
ad Billings and make some kind of a j
declaration on the numerous radical j
i.i . .,! t- ths nniiev nt nr. I
eanized labor during the reconstruct
tion period. A telegram was read from j
Eugene y. lieos expressing regrei at:
his inability
to come to Chicago and !
k a inn vntl t inn lD('11UO 111 IMP
the socialist leaner w as reieaseu on
bail after his conviction for violation
of the espionage law..
In the telegram Debs said, among
other things:
"Free speech prevails in Russia but
is dead in the United States since the
worm nas Deen maae saie ior ueniut-
racy. The conservative element has
the unqualified approval and support
of. the capitalist press which can only
mean that the conservative element Is
true to the capitalist class and false
to the working class. I am with and
for the radicals.
Hour for Action
"The hour has struck for action.
Long winded resolutions and humble
petitions to corporation tools in public
office and corrupt politicians are
worse than useless. Mooney is inno-1
mni onri th whole world knows It.
The convenlion can do no less than
1 I1C IUHCIIUUU V-" J v "
demand ni3 unconditional release and
issue an ultimatum to that effect giv
ing due notice that if that fails a gen
eral strike will follow at a specified
time and industry paralyzed through
out the land. Appeal has been made
to their consciences in vain and now
let the batteries of labor be opened
on their profits.
"If the silk hat conspirators and
would-be lynchers out on the Pacific
coast and elsewhere insist upon war.
let it come. We have nothing to lose
but the gags upon our lips and the
chains on our bodies. Now is the time
to prove the solidarity of our class.
The people are with us in this fight,
and will stand by us from coast to
coast in our determination to rebuke,
capitalist criminals and maintain our j
j rights as American citizens."
James H. Maurer, president or tne
Pennsylvania Federation of Labor,
and vice-chairman or tne convention,
expressed the radical view when he
said:
Free Wage Slaves
"There are some things for this con
vention to do that is more important
than the Mooney case. While Presi
dent Wilson is at the peace conference
to free the people of Europe he will
not forget to do something to free the j At the request of several water
poor wage slaves at home. We are ; u"r associations Senator Wilkinson
going to stay here and finish this job ! introduced a bill at the morning ses
lf It takes all year. If you are n good sicii . f the upper bo.ly that will dele
revoltitlonlst vou will rot do anything 1 g-ite lo (he hoard of supervisors the
to obstruct this new radical move
ment. The day has passed when of
ficials can railroad a man to the gal
lows because of his opinions."
The speaker was cheered when he
Seattle Mounted Policefl DEBATES
Charge 1. W. W. farade
On March to Stations
i By Review Leased Xtflre) a bill providing for $2o0.0o0 to be
SEATTLE. Wash.. Jan. 1 Approxi-1 urawn from the state's lunds and
mately 500 persons, leaving an open
air meeting anu stuning a paraue
through the city's business district
singing "I. W. V." songs, were dis
persed early tonight by 20 mounted
police officers, supported by five auto
mobiles containing police armed with
carbines, and behind these a
platoon
of policemen with clubs.
The par.iders marched down Third t
avenue to.Y'esler way, where, accord- j
ii:g to witnesses, its leader raised the j
cry of "Iet's go for the police sta- j
tions." Hardly had the men turned1
! into Yesler way when the police, who
Iliad been fully aware of their move-1
j ments, appeared. Most of the persons
vicinity.. No violence was reported.
ended " a riot. Fred Xflson, vice-:
president cf the Metal Trades, cited
. . . ....
the federal constitution to show the
right of free speech. He also an-1 ing discharged soldiers and war worK
nounced that next Sunday a meeting era for employment here, declared
would be held to organize a soldiers',
i sailors' and workingman's council.
PROVICE STATE AID
o.t cm ft.... . Tin ic Thu Inror
L. r. -M . uic v. ..... " '
nHo. nqou.l
nouse Ol ine irfii?imiuic ivu: v v
IMRS. M'KAY SEEKS
RAISE FOR WOMEN
K vie l"hienlx Mureau)
FHOEXIX, Ariz., Jan. 16. With the
introduction of an amendment to the
minimum
wage law lor women me
1 lirst of the contemplated labor legis-
... . i . ...... . ... oaaciiin m
l:ltinn
, , , , (
the legislature is to be caiipa "I"?1"
consider, appeared. A bill P""""
a change in the salary to De pa a
fr mi nine workers was presenlea in
the house this mornina u .Mrs. n.u
McKay oliow.
i ire o............v .
persons, iirm ui
111'
t hnsnipss v.itnin me siait: i
, i.. v. I.utmlrv nr
room, notei. roounnB .......... j .
manufacturing establishment at a
weekly wage or less than $20 per
week." The bill carries a penalty
clause providing that violations shall
be punished by fines ot not less than
$30 nor more than $300 or imprison
ment for not less than ten days nor
more than two months, or by both
such fine and imprisonment.
Mothered Present Law
It was while serving a previous term
as representative that Mrs. McKay,
then of Cochise county, introduced the
present minimum wage law which
fixes the lowest amount that may be
paid a woman employe at $12. It is the
concensus of opinion, however, that
th nrniHised amendment will meet
j ith nll.,.h more strenuous opposition
lhan jts predecessor, the agricultural
distrjCt members being almost all op-
I I
v Five other new bm8 were intro-
duced in the house which was in ses
sion only half a day. The first of
these was presented by Eddy, and
contains a provision for the proper
burial of ex s'oldiers and sailors of the
United States, and their widows who
may hereafter die in the state with
out sufficient means to accord them
a fitting funeral.
Another wage scale was engineered
by Lacy fixing the minimum salary
that may be paid school teachers at
$1200 per annum allowing three
months' vacation In each year.
A bill introduced by Lines defines
the manner in which the names of
nualified legislators are to be trans-
mitipil in the legislature.
Mrg Haywcod Starts Gloom
,,rs uVwood of Cochise, today
took au tne joy put 0f life for the at-
! (!1(.h,.s A resolution prepared by her
I ,rovides a strict schedule for the as
sistants. In the future there will be
a roster of beauty at 9 o'clock every
morning when the roll is called. They
must work eight hours and may be
compelled to put In an additional hour
without extra compensation though an
arrangement is made whereby time
off is granted the following day in the
'case of tv.o or more hours overtime.
power to designate and keep free
from obstruction of the channels of
natural water courses. Tim proposod
b'gis'ation prohibits the erection of
dams without the consent of the su-
' (C'niinueJ on Page Thre)
! j,aced in the hands of a soldiers' and j
, 8ailors' committee lor aid ot ills
charged men.
I. W. W. PATRONIZE SOLDIERS
fy Review Lenaed Wire)
SEATTLE, Wash.. Jan. 16. Munici-
! pal and labor officials said here today
they knew nothing of a J.iO.OOO fund
reported subscribed here last ween
by the Industrial Workers of the
World to aid returning soldiers and
sailors.
Chief of Police F. J. Warren said the
j only funds he knew of was being
raised by the Seattle Metal Trades'
' council. To date it totals around
! council expects to win them to the
PORTLAND Ore J"?- "-Pjj;
James O. Conville of the I nited States
i employment service, in charge of list-
' there are approximately iu.uuu unem-
ployed men now in Oregon, most of
whom have been released from war
work of various kinds. Several hun-
' ilrpil riiurtiarppii soldiers are listed in
- 1
lr.rtlan,l aa npcflinir pmnlovnipnt.
. . ........ - r. -
SENATE DISMISSES
I LAFOLLETT E CASE
I Da,.Aat T n .cH Wrlre(
'wismwTnv T in ifi-Ilv a vote
WASHINGTON, Jan. lb. U a vote
of 50 to 21 the senate today adopted
a resolution recommended by a ma -
jority of the privileges and elections
committee., dismissing dlsloya'ty
charges brought against Senator La-
Follette of Wisconsin by the
Vfin
..
resota public safety committee, be
cause of his speech on the war de
livered before the non-partisan league
at St. Paul, Minn., September 20.
1917. The resolution said the speech
did not justify any action by the
senate.
On the vote, which was preceded
by severe arraignment or Senator La
Follette by Senator Wililams of Mis
sissippi, 33 republican senators and 17
democrats supported the resolution
while 20 democrats and 1 repub
lican. Senator Smith of Michigan,
voted against it. Among those vot
ing in the affirmative were Senator
Martin, the democratic leader; Sena
tor Lodge, the republican leader, and
the two Minnesota senators, Kellogg
and Nelson. Those opposing the reso
lution included Chairman Potnerene
of the privileges and elections com
mittee and Senator Saulsbury r
(Continued on Pae Fotfr)
NA TIONAL PROHIBITION
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 16. Ratifica
tion today of the federal constitu
tional prohibition amendment made
the United States the first great
power to take legislative action to
stop permanently the liquor traffic.
Nebraska's vote gave the necessary
affirmative three-fourths majority of
the states to make effective the
amendment submitted by congress in
December. 1917. It was followed by
similar action in the legislatures of
Missouri and Wyoming, making 38
states in all which have approved a
"dry" America.
Affirmative action by some of the
ten state legislatures yet to act is
predicted by prohibition advocates.
Terms of Amendment.
Under the terms o( the amendment,
the manufacture, sale and importation
of intoxicating liquors must cease one
year after ratification, but prohibition
will be a fact in every state much
earlier because of the war measure
forbidding the manufacture and sale
of alcoholic beverasc after June 30
until the demobilization of the mili
tary forces is completed. Under the
wartime measure, exportation of
liquor is permitted, but the great
stocks now held in bonded warehouses
will have to be disposed of before the
fe.leral amendment becomes effective.
Discussion as to whether the new
amend-netit become a part of the
constitution now tiat 3rt states have
ruined 't or whether It becomes a
p;-.rt of thp basic law- only when each
ftate '.as certified its artion to the
secretary of st.it le1 today to a
search for precedent which showed
that the only two amerdmmts rati
fled in the iast half century provid
ing for income lixes and direct elec
nr nrnnni i ri
lur mum mat nig
AND XTRFNIffl
m ih: "AuninFn Hi runitfl
House Military Committee,
With Secretary Baker and
General March, Agree to
Postpone Proposed Bill
(Pv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 16. The
house military committee practically
reached an agreement today in con
ference with Secretary Haker and
General March, chief of staff, to post-!
pone the war department reorganiza-l
lion bill until the next session of con
gress and with It a large part of the
prospective debate over the future
military policy of the country. A sug-1
gestion by Chairman Dent that a leg-1
islative ruler on the army appropria
tion bill continuing the existing war
organization of the department and
the regular army for another ear. be (
substituted for the reorganization
measure, met with the approval of Mr
Baker and pparently with that of a
majority of the committee members. , my Review r.axe-1 Wire
The proposal grew out of a confer-) PARIS. Jan. 16 (IW the Associated
ence at which Secretary Piker and (Press). The draft of the league' -of
the chief of staff explained to the j nations in the form of treaty enart
comniittej the reorganization measure iment has preceded much further than
framed by the department, providing j generally supposed, as a result of re
for a regular army of 5U0 Ouu men to cent conferences between Lord Rob
be raised by voluntary enlistment onjert Cecil, Secretary Lansing and Col
a flat three-year basis. The bill alsoionel House, at which the best features
would have made permanent t:ie abo- 'of the various projects were embod
lute control over all branches of the 1 ied in concrete form of enactment,
array now exercised by the chief or (This is called a covenant. Instead of
staff as a war-time necessity. ;a treaty, and embraces thirteen arti-
Time Inadequate. ces and eight supplementary provls-
Chairmin Dent si-id it would be iai-jions which bring together the main
possible to get such a bill through features of all the plans presented,
congress in the six weeks remaining The covenant, while subject to much
f.r the session. Committee members I revision, probably will be ready for
agreed with uira, pointing out that
the war department bill on its face
appeared to be a nii'itary policy
' niea!,,lre wnioh landoned the theory
, f univ,r3a, miIitar. obligation. Mr:
i!uker insisted that this was not the
jcase; that no attompt to fix the na -
' tion's policy as to a peace time army
was uivoiveu, Dia a;,rei u wiai me uj-
mutton or continuing autnority ap-
I 1 " . .
1 . t f T-inl tii ha fnp Tii4et (.filirK. in
wisest course in i
..J... t 1. o .?.( 1 n 1 1. ic rtf I )w I r 1 1 'i r 1 1 il'
ic wl uiiini.iiiur.1 v.i ...
abroad and lack of time for fuli dis
cussion in congrers.
The exact form of a rider is to be
studied by the general stat'. It prob -
ably wiil 'leave the strength of the
focc to presi.leiitiai order within lim
its and subject to appropriation limi
tations. The committer will take up
at once hearings on the regular ai
propriation bill which provides as
drawn, for 503,000 men.
Evades Universal Service.
Secretary Haker would make no
declaration in regard to universal mil
itary service suggestions, saying he
would submit no proposal of that na
ture until the peace conierence had
finished its work and the obligation
of the nation could be guuged. He
said the general staff ha.l submitted
several studies which were still on
hl-i desk. Later Representative Sat.-
Continued on IV.go Three)
tion of senators were considered ef-j Only a minimum of unemployment
tective immertiattly the SCth state had, is expected to result, as tho rurauia
taken affirmative action. j tie severity of successive restrictive'
Effective in Year. i measures adopted since the war be-
Senator Sheppard, author of the
prohibition amendment, n-i.l that ni
tional prohibition becomes a perma
nent tact January 16. 1920.
Only 14 of the states hae cert it ied
their action to the state department.
The vote of the Mississippi legisla
ture, the first to act. has not been
received at the "state department
The Mississippi secretary of state ited quantities of liquor tor personal
said mday at Jacksmi thnt the cer-j use was permuted, but the supreme
tificates had bten mailed to Wash I court ruled several days ago that the
ington in meJiately after tne legisla-1 Kced "bone dry" an.endmei.t made
ture arted and that a duplh ate would j such traffic illegal,
be sent if the. original iiad been lost Western and southern states took
Proclamation of the ratification of a 'the lead in prohibition. In the west
new amendment Is made, but this i only California and Wyoming still
was said to be a formality a.i I not a I license the sale of intoxicants and
requisite part of changing the cousii j in the south only Louisiana. The
tution. j reniaininir wet states form a belt
New problems of government areithrotuh the Mississippi and Ohio
rnis.'d by (he prospective stoppage -if river valleys to New England, the
the manufacture and sale of malt states including Missouri. Illinois.
liquors ns hundreds of millions of j
lollars derived from intern;.! revenue
will have to be obtaine.I from other
;our-os. Ijiws for enforcement of
'.he amendment also will have to be
oassed by congress.
SPARTACAN. STRA TEGY WINS
AMSTERDAM. Wed . Jan. 15.
A regular battle with machine
guns mid rifles has occurred at
I uer. Prussia, between govern
ment trcops and Sp.irtnrans who
had barricaded themselves in the
town hall, according to a dlspa'eh
from Dortmund. The Spartacans
finally hoisted the white flag and
surrendered.
COVENANT
yF
s is
FOR
DISCUSSIONS
BY CONGRESS
Conferences Between Lord
Robert Cecil, Secretary Lan
sing, and Colonel House
Assemble Project Complete
Supreme Council Calb Meet
ing of Press to Consider
Matter of Relations Be
tween Session and Papers
the congress or committee whenever
the subject is considered.
MEET WITH PRESS i
PARIS. Jan. Hi (Ry tlie Associated
Press 1. The suoreine council todar.
iaf.er considering the matter of the
relations between the conference and
tne press, decided to call a meeting
at 5 o'clock this aftrnoon to be at-
: . . .. j . 1 ... . v. n . .. .. .
ir.mt'U v) 1 1: r. uir-111 ur 1 ui 1 :i t- yiraa
ana retreseniatives oi tae various na
., . ,
tions In the conference to interchange
, views on publicity methods.
1 The official communique reads: .
l "The president of the United States
jof America and the prime ministers
and foreign secretaries of the allied
powers, assisted by the Japanese am
bassadors in Paris and London, met
today at the Quai d' Orsay from
10:30 a. in. to 12:30 p. m.
Meeting With Press
The question of the relations be
tween the conference and the press
was first taken up. It was decljjed to
call a meeting of the members of the
press of the allied and associated
countries at the Press Club, number SO
Avenue des Elysee. today at 5 o'clock
for the intercliange of views as to
the method to be adopted.
"The meeting then took up the ques
tion of the situation in Russia and
(Continued on P.nte Three
IS RA TIFIED
gan already has caused many distil
lers and brewers to seek other uses
lor titeir plants. Hundreds of mil
lions of dollars are invested in dis
tilleries rnd breweries.
j More than half the territory of the
United States already is dry through
' state action or local option elections.
! Until recently the movement of 11m-
Wisconsin. Kentucky, Ohio. Pennsyl
vania. Maryland. Delaware. New Jer
sey. New York. Rhode Island. Con
necticut. Massachusetts. Vermont and
New Hampshire.
Upon the retirement of the gov
ernment forces the Spartacans
seized the machine guns belong
ing to the troops and re-occupied
the town hall. The chief burgo
master was detained temporarily
by the Spartacans as a hostage,
but later was released. Five per
sons were killed in the course ol
the flghtlnf.
(Continued on I's Two) TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1919.
MAGNA CHARTA OF LEAGUES TO KEEP'RENAUD STORE AT
BASEBALL BROKENIOLD COMMISSION GLEESON PILFERED
BY MINOR CLUBS
(l:v Rvicw Lhiis-J Wiiv)
NEW YOKK. Jan. 16. No radical or
immediate change in the personnel of
i the national com mission appears like-
!y as a result of the joint meeting of
the National and American baseball
1 leagues here this afternoon. The 16
icluu owners of the two major leagues
j went on record as favoring retention
i of the three man commission, but pro
vision was made for the election of a
new chairman in the place of Garry
Herrmann.
It was decided that the presidents
of the two organizations could each
select two members of their respective
: leagues to act as joint committee to
! select some person outside of baseball
(Bv Rvit-w lfase.t Wir-
NEW YOKK. Jan. 16 Major and
minor baseball leagues, parties to the
national agreement, the foundation of
the professional end of the national
sport, broke relations after a stormy
meeting here tonight.
The Magma C'harta of organized
baseball was. figuratively speaking,
torn to pieces, and the two great
combinations will in the future be
hound together by an clastic agree
ment which will permit them to oper-
No prediction was made as to what ' the third man .n the corn
effect tonight s proceedings wfill have '"" piovul.B such selected noim
on the professional game and the p!ay-j ,s wcionr to the two leagues
ers. but leaders of botJt leagues pro- "saw note.
fessed to be highly satisfied with the; Neither league executive named a
turn affairs had taken when tempor- j committee today and it may he several
ary arrangements were completed j days before the club owners for this
shortly before midnight. Under the ! important task are announced,
tentative agreement made tonight, ma-1 Progress was reported in the diree
jor and minor leagues are to respect tion of closer business and playing
the contractual, territorial and reser- agr.-ements between the big league
ration rights of each other, with the j combinations. The 140-gaiue schedule
proviso that no minor league club ; was adopted for both the National and
shall claim t.'ie right to more players j American league and the latter an
at any time than the maximum roster 1 nounced that its playing dates would
aJlowed to clubs in the major leagues, j be published Tuesday, January 21. A
During the playing season, this would i no-recall of waiver rule was adopted
epual 21 plavers. ' by the American league, similar to
The cnlv wav in which the majority adopted b y the Nationals yester
league clubs can obtain players from ' he rule was also made nu.d-
the" minors will be direct purchase. 'B fr as inter-league wa.vers were
The interests of the major leagues j concerned,
in the framing of this new working! 1,le national commission was m
arrangement have been entrusted to slrwted to prepare a new system tor
the national commission and tJie ! distribution of world series money to
minor league organization has ap, 1 the players of the competing clubs and
pointed a committee of seven to rep-! f "bmit its findings to the league at a
resent it in the same manner, as fol-jl!4U'r Uii'c approval. 1 n Nation
jou.g. ! al league also adopted a -1 player
. , . . t i limit similar to that in vogue in the
John F. Towers. Los Angeles: ; American league.
Timme. Milwaukee; K. J. Hanlon. , "
Sioux City; Walter Morris, Fort.
Worth. Texas; IA. Dave L. Fultz. New j
York; M. H. Sexton. Little Rock, and;
Hy J. Farrell. Auburn. N. Y. i
After the meeting John A. Heydler, !
president of the National league, an
The sheriffs office at Tombstone
received word yesterday of the rob
bery of the C. M. Renaud store in
llleesoii Wednesday niht. The rob
bers entered from the rear, breaking
throuc.li the bark door leading to the
grocery depai tment. Passing through
this the burelnrs, believed to be Mexi
cans, went up to the front of the store,
helping themselves to several auto
iiuiii pistols and ammunition and a
ritle. They then went to the dry
goods ar.d furnishings department and
took several pairs of shoes and three
bolts of red silk Jress goods. Nothing
else of much value was missing.
Man.iger Henry Appel discovered
the robbery on opening the e:-lubli-di-nient
and immediately reported it to
the officers in Tombstone.
It is bt lieved ti:at a Mexican em
ployed in the store until yesterday,
who was Jischarged for pilfering, was
eoniieited witn the robbery and a
warrant has been issued for his ar
rest. He left for Tucson yesterday
and the officers there have been
notified to intercept him.
the aid cf the Japanese railway work-'
ers union in the event of a general
strike.
Alleges Bribery i
Israel Weinberg, one of the defend-,
ants in the Mooney trial, addressed j
the delegates and said he hail been of- j
fered bribes aggregating 2a.(IU0 if he
would give perjured testimony for the
prosecution at the trial.
After a long wrangle the convention
by a close vote decided not to send a
delegate to the international labor
conference in Paris but to have the
Mooney case presented by Samuel
(jumpers and other representatives of
the American Federation of Labor
now in France.
Goinpers and the American Federa
tion of I-almr were bitterly attacked
by radical delegates in the debate over
this resolution.
The convention sent a message to
Secretary of Labor Wilson thanking
hiiu for the investigation made by the
federal government of the Mooney
trial.
WAR BOARD FREES
COLONEL OF BLAME
lOoiitinmtl trom I'lige Or;' )
RADICALS URGE WILD
SCHEMES BEFORE
MOONEY MEETING
FEAR OUTBREAK IN I HOLLAND.
(I'v I:,'--:t-w leased Wire)
AMt'TKRIUM. Jan. 16. In view of
rumors of the impending outbreak of
nounced that he had appointed Presi-; a revolution in Hol'.anJ. the Het Yolk
dent Baker of the Philadelphia and , said military guards have been placed
Vice-President Yeich, of the Chicago ' before the town hall and telegraph
club, the National league committee ! olfices at l.eydeu, which is midway
of two to aid in the selection of a between AnibteiJam and Rotterdam.
new chairman of the national commis- !
sion. ! CZECHO SLOVAKS ADVANCE
The Baseball Writers association I
tonight elected the following officers j Hy I.eview i-msed wire)
for the coming vear: ,' AMSTERDAM, Wednesday, Jan. 13.
President Irving A. Sanborn, of Chi- j According to a dispatch from F-ger,
cago; vice-president. Robert K. Rock-; Uohemia, the Czecho slovaks have oc
well; secieiary-treasurer. Joseph Mc- i cupied the Bavarian frontier. Pickets
Cready. Philadelphia. The retiring i are within hearing distance of each
president. Joseph Jackson, was elect- other along the entire Bohemian Bava
ed to the board of directors. rian frontier.
H Niiiliuueil f.-om I';id 0'.)e)
criticized some of Postmaster General
Burleson's otficial acts.
"Some of us may be hung before
Mooney for what we. are doing here to
day," shouted a socialist delegate.
Y. F. Dunn of Butte, Mont., said
the radical program embraced a plan
to liberate Mooney and Billings, adop
tion of a method of uniting the work
ing classes of the I'nited States which
will compel capital to -give them ev
erything they demand.
Woman Has Good Argument
Maud McCreery of Milwaukee, a
w riter for a -socialist newspaper, used
a novel argument in getting the con
vention to endorse the constitutional
amendment for woman suffrage.
"You men may all be in jail before
you get through fighting for this new
labor movement and you ought to give
women tile franchise so they can do
your voting while you are locked up,"
she said.
A rm-ssage was read from five mem
bers of the executive board of the
I. W. W. pledging to support a general
strike to secure the release of Mooney
anil other industrial prisoners.
G. T. Yoshiharu, a Japanese who it
is said, was formerly valet for Wil
liam D. Haywood, I. W. W. leader, ad
dressed the convention and was given
an enthusiastic reception. He pledged
(Aninmal
I 1 II M ft M H HJl Bj6jH
Men's
and
Hits
vercoafs
O
The enthusiastic praise we receive on every hand for the really re- A ' L
markable values we are offering in pur annual clearance is most grati- r
fj'irg. Have you obtained your suit or cvercoat? If not be sure to
ccme today.
baier
rices
of Suits
Men's $20.00 suits $15.00
Men's $22.50 suits $17.50
Men's $25.00 and $27.50 suits $19.95
Men'j $29.50 and $30.00 suits $22.45
Men's $35.00 and $37.50 suits $26.95
Men's $39.50 and $40.00 suits $29.95
Sale Prices of Overcoats
Men's $20.00 ?r.d i22.30 ovcrcrats $14.95
Men's $25.00 and :p27.50 overcoats $19.35
Mc-: $29.50 and $30.00 overcoats $24.95
Men's $32.50 ar.d $35.00 overcoats $27.95
SALE PRICES OF BOY'S
It
fx
M .
f
Iky:' $7.00 and .8.0 cvctoaU ...
Foy s' $9.50 and A 1 0.00 ovcrrn-t:
Boy: $15 overcoats
LOOK
HERE
STETSON'S ?3.50 AND ii.n STIFF
HATS, 2:c
!;i ':;,' P Mm s, bi" ot.tleiln: v i'':e
!o l: -e v. hi'p !h. y hi ! C5c
30VS CORDL FOY NTS, il.19 "R
!.iy,' g'.n;l .ji i-litv t ;:..luitiy p;;'ls.
i'..i'-; Iil.wii l.; iiisir . il .-I'.". $1.15
POYO' CCii-ID'-TOY AiTf, I2.'.l PR.
'!(;...' c'.Mi i';iy. ii 1 1 i . i . ;t I . strap
l;i .l,!'l l:e!l ifl pp.-. i -t; i
gc i. n' : .;i:r 1?..'0
ter was written had made an informal
gift of stock; (2) he had instructed
Judge Mct'ann (nis attorney) to ar
range promptly the necessary trans
fer; (3) the actual transfer was de
layed because of Colonel Deeds' ab
sence from Dayton, necessitated by
his continuous and unremitting labor
for the government at Washington;
14 tile formal transfer was subse
quently made so (5) there was a total
absence of inient to deceive."
The board also held that "upon the
evidence now before this office it is of
the opinion that court martial pro
ceedings against Colonel Deeds, based
upon his statement regarding his
stock in the Domestic liuilding com
pany should not be instituted, because
111 at the time statement was made,
an arrangement had been made for
the sale of this stock at its book
value; (2) it took time to ascertain
the book value aud close the details
of the transactions; (3 it was the
bona tide intention of Colonel Deeds
to make the formel transfer, and he
had given instructions to have this
done; (4) ihn .reason why it was not
done was that through a legitimate
change ( f plan, the occasion for the
transfer v as obviated and both parties
to the contotnplittcd transfer were
willing that the agreement for trans
fer should be cancelled; (5) the whole
proceeding was conducted in good
faith and under the advice of coun
sel." Unjutt Criticism
Regarding the charge that Colonel
Deeds sent confidential war depart
ment informati'm to former business
associates, the board said that from
Colonel Deeds' explanation "it appears
that while t'olonel Deeds' real endeav
or was to aid the government in ex
pediting its program of aii craft pro
duction, through some mistaken no
tion he deemed it proper to accomp
lish that object, by a species of deceit
which would result ia concealment of
the source of the information which
the telegram conveyed. This ns not
oniy foolish, but provocative of the se
vere criticism which has been visited
upon him and in a manner unjustly."
"L'pon the evidence now before this
office, however," said the board,
"court mania , proceedings a-ainst
Colonel Deeds, Vased upon this trans
action, are not advised (1), no fraud
against the government, nor disclo
sure of confidential information was
intended; Ci. none was accomplish
ed; l. the purpose of the telegram
was to expedite the earnest efiorts
which the government officials were
making to speed up air plane produc
tion." As to the charge that Colonel Deeds
made misleading statements about air
craft shipments, the board said:
"It is recommended that no court
murti il proceedings be instituted
against Colonel' Deeds based upon
this publication because: (I), it is
doubtful whether he ever saw the
paragraph which has been adversely
c.i itio.i'd ; and (2), the statements
contained in it are iii accord with
hat Colonel Dctiis apparently be
lieved and had reasonable cause to be
lieve to be the facts."
No Fraud Intended
Regarding thaTos of irregularity in
the approval by.Colenel Deeds of two
out of ionr vouchers tor the i'ackani
Motor Car company, the four vouchers
aggregating ?24'.l,lf:i.lii. it was recom
mended that court martial proceedings
should not be instituted because; "(1).
thi! approval of the voucher hi ques
tion did not involve any attempt to
defraud the government ; (-). as found
by Juduu Hughes, it did not defraud
the government; (31, the verbal agree-
n:tnt upon which the voucher was
paid, as found by Judge Hughes, was
fair from the standpoint of the govern
ment." In approving the board's findings,
judge Advueute General Ansel said
the justice of the conclusion reached
found confirmation in this language
from a letter of John D. Ryan, direc
tor of the air service to Secretary
Baker last November 13.
"I feel that the patriotic service
rendered to the government and the
sacrifice made in connection there
with by Colom I Deeds outweighed any
technical violations that might have
occurred, and considering the condi
tions under which this work had to be
done, if life aircraft was to take any
part in the war within a reasonable
time. I think commendation instead of
court martial, should bo Colonel
Deeds' reward."
5C0 PASSENGERS THOUGHT
DROWNED; STEAMER HITS MINE
': Review t.e.isil vr.-
IIO.MK, Friday. Jan. 17-The French1
steamer Chaproi has struck a lloatingi
n:i:ie in the Straits of Messina, sink- i
ing in a few minutes. Five hundred !
p.-ssengprs. mostly Greeks. Serbians i
and Russians. ':ave been drowned. An-j
ether s'.eiiner saved l."0 of those on
t oard.
f WQR KS8
Your money in our Bank will be absolutely se
cure, and making mere money for you working
day and night, rain or shine, -h-ther you are sick
or well or taking a vacation.
4'i ON SAVINGS ACCOUNTS
Bank with us.
O--... S-.V--- rs. .r
DR. KARL LIEBKNECHT
KILLED TRYING TO ESCAPE
iPv KkvIpw T.r;is.'l Vlrt
HASIU Jan. 17. Dr. Karl Lieb
knecht has been shot and killed while
trying to escape as he was being taken
to prison, according to the Frankfort
Gazette. !t is also reported that Rosa
Luxemburg. Mr. I.iebknei tit's chief
lieutenant, was also shot dead after
being beaten into unconsciousness by
! crowd at llcrlin.
STEAVER CRIPPLED.
FievtPW l':!trfl Wtro)
HALIFAX. X. S., Jan. lb. The
American steamer Susquehanna,
which sailed from New York .January
In. for Genoa, put in here today with
h'-r steering gear disabled. The dam
ag;j i.: not serious.
THIS WEAK,
NERVOUS MOTHEC
Tells How Lydia E.Pinkhs.m'c
Vegetable Compound
Restored Her Health.
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber A Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN & ERYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
A. . CRAIG, Independent Gasfitter.
ALL KINDS GAS WORK MY SPECIALTY. Gas Water Heaters and
Ranges installed and repaired. Gas piping work guaranteed. Prices
reasonable. Phone 268. care H. E. Wootton, Res. Phone, Black 702.
mm
I III! - -fill jj
Philadelphia. Pa. "I was verywenk,
always tired, my back ached, ami 1 felt 1
BicKty mosi oi na
time. I went to n
doctor and he said
I had nervous indi
gestion, which ad
ded to rny weak .
condition kept me
worrying most of
the time and he
said if I could not
stop that, 1 could
not pet well. I
heard somuchabout
Lydia E. Pinkham'a
VVcrptahle Com-
riund my husband wanted me to try it.
took it foraweek and felt a little bet
ter. I kept it up for three months, and
I fee! fine and can cat anything now
rrithnut distress or nervousness. "Mrs.
J. Worthline, 2S12 North Taylor St.,
Philadelphia Pa.
The majority of mothers nowadays
overdo, there are so many demands
upon their time and strength; the result
is invariably a weakened, run-down,
nervous condition with headaches, back- ;
ache, irritability and depression and i
peon more serious ?i'ments develop.
It is at such periods in life that Lydia E. i
Pinkhani's Vegetable Compound will ;
resior a normal healthy condition, as j
;t rli 1 fo Mr?. Worthline.
3isbee Fuel and
eed Company
Phone 121
Office Celow Copper Queen Hotel
9
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
J.."cc Iklow Copper Queen Hotel
J
FAMILY SHOE BILLS
Tramping IS miles a day. Mr. II. M.
Forenuln, a mail carrier of Alicntown.
Pa., found that siocs with ordinary
soles lat alxtut one month. But he
says a uir of Neuiin-s.iled i-h'Ki cave
him more than nme months of service,
i:i which time In walked over 4.W)
milts.
J lis experience shows how you may
save shoe nt'T.cv hy tnovtiing your
family with N-ulm-o'.'.'-'l sl;oe. vhi ii
Kive ctra wear where other times wear
nut quiil. -'it. "
You can t,rt NcoH'v d in
Gas Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to Yow
Range Boiler
ag4etWMtrnTOllWQgagsgal
S.G5 a
- - - - - fj
,.. I
i WO
I
,.; y t; wa:.. jynv-.
:!v : as for shots that
(-'.- '''!", v'",:. times
.v 'i i . It your dialer
'!'' ;i v, :"it . I-" c:!i cm t
"!:' !-,. 'i ' 1' :i"iler. Neiilllt
,i 'I oy --ii tve lo 1h' what
i!i In'. 1 1, v arc avail.il!'-
c r r'.'-soliti as well a m
made 1 v Tli"
lix r t. oinpaiiv.
any U
an: al'
;tve
ti.rv
hasji't th
it for '..mi
SU-,.:t
sol. s ,;
t-vcrvuiii t
new :-!' '.- Tlvv an"
G-lv. ;-r Tire & 1
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
C.il at our store and ask for
c! n onstration, or make re-mie-.t
(or representative to call
upon you.
mi: 1
m i
III
i'li! 1
Hi' ' 5
Ml
II : i
N ",5-1
L TaT
As.
Bisbee Improvement Co.
H reii. Onio. w ho aU ni.ilx uu;l'n'l
Ile-1- Guarantied to outwear any
uh'.r hit-Is.
Ilooiiii ooles if
f Vi,7 .r ? "w iTjn agrf 1 nx,TSi'ifMj . t nnihmmF THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1919.
THREE
V
46 WOBBLIES FACE
PRISON FOR ATTEMPT
TO HALT WAR
(Continued from rajre One)
Opinions which they hold in opposi
tion to war and which undeniably
stand alone are not an evidence of
guilt."
Roferrin? to the "silent defense" of
43 of the defendant, who have spoken
no word and have been unr. presented
throughout the trial. Judpe Kudkin
said that such silence should not be
held against tbein.
Miss Theodora Pollok, the only
woman defendant, was apparently un
moved by the verdict, wbica was smil
ingly received by the ot tiers. The 4i
defendants, wht joined in a "silent
protest" and were not represented by
counsel, sang "In Union There Is
Strength" to the tune of "Cattle Hymn
of the Republic" as they fikd from
t!ie courtroom.
Severe Sentence Provided.
Prison terms which may be im
posed range from two to twenty years,
it was said.
With. Miss Pollok, Basile Saffores
and A. L. Fox. all of San Francisco,
were represented at the trial, which
began a month ago. by Attorneys
Nathan C. Coghlan of San Francisco
and Harry McKee of Fresno.
The government's rase was pre
sented by Robert Duncan of Ukiah,
t'al., and George N". Mudock or In
dianapolis, Ind., special attorneys for
the department of justice, and P. H.
Johnson, assistant United States dis
trict attorney of San Francisco. A
s-ore of government officials who as
sisted in raids on I. W. W. headquar
ters in cities of California and
throughout the northwest, testified
to the defendants' activity in obstruct
ing war work, hindering enforcement
of war-time laws, and seeking to
create a reign of terror by sabotage
methods.
lie&ides those brought to trial or
mentioned as active conspirators in
the indictment, a group headed by
AVilliam D. Haywood, secretary-treas-.
urer of the I. W. W., recently con
victed in Chicago on similar charges,
was named as co-conspirators.
Ramifications of the case involved
attempts, charged aga:no; trie defend
ants, to start fires and use otherj
forms of sabotage as the result of the
imprisonment of I. W. Vv members
for various crimes. Among these
ases of such imprisonments were
those of 11. D. Suhr and Richard
Ford, convicted of killing E. T. Man
well, district attorney of Yuba county.
California, m 'be Wheat'.und houyird
riots of 1913; the Everett. Wash.,
shooting aftray and the McNamara
dynamiting case at Los Angeles.
Threatening Soup.
The writing and circulating of
"poems" and songs threatening capi
talistic "parasites" with the menace
of the "sab-cat" and "wobbly," are
among the overt acts charged in the
indictment under which the 46 al
leged Industrial Workers of the
World were tried here for conspiracy.
Several defendants were charged
with having in their possession in
Sacramento at various times, copies
of "I. W. W. Songs to Fan the Flames
of Discontent," among which was one
written by Joe Hill, or Joseph Hiil
strom, executed in November, 1315,
lor killing a grocer and his son at Salt
Lake City, Utah.
Miss Theodora Pollok, tne only j
woman defendant, gave an outline of!
her career. She was born in Balti-'
more, Md., in 1S79 of a southern abo-l
litionist family established in America !
GRIP, IHFLUEdZA
Haratin'a Wizard OB Rallabla,
AntUaptia Prtrvaatlva ,
During influenza epidemics spray
the nose and throat several times a
iay with one part Wizard Oil and
two parts water, using an atomizer.
If yon haven't an atomizer, gargle
the throat and snuff the mixture up
the nose. This treatment sett up aa
antiseptic wall of defense against
"Flu" genua.
Chest colds and sor throat lead
to grip. Stop them at once with
Wizard Oil before they caa develop
into dangerous influenza.
Get it from druggists for 30c If
not satisfied, return the. bottle and
get your money back.
Ever constipated or have sick head
ache? Just try Wizard Liver Whips,
pleasant little pink -'ills, 30c at drug
gists. Guaranteed.
PAY CASH
1
APPLES
We have a fine assortment, consisting of Spitzen
berger, Rome Beauty, Winesaps, Blacktwigs, Bald
win, Northern Spy, Pippins.
A MOST ECONOMICAL FOOD
REASONABLY PRICED
J. B. ANGIUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
WHERE YOU CAN DO BETTER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-16109
MMntMMMMWMHMnNBDCl
for at lea?t five generations. Accord
ing to her account she took up social
settlement work in New York and
Chicago, prior to goins; to Us An
geles, C'al., in 1308. where she lived in
the woman's university settlement
and taueht in the Rev. Dana W. P.uit
lett's Bethlehem institute. In lyi'.-lfi
she wa assistant to Prof. Arthur Un
ham Pope of the University of Cali
fornia in the America u neutral con
ference. She' was employed by the
city museum of Newark, N. J., for a
time and in 1917 was assistant execu
tive secretary of the California con
ference of social agencies.
Had Long Record.
During the winter of 1S13-U Miss
Pollok was executive secretary of
the International Defense Workers'
league, then active in behalf of II. D.
Suhr and Richard Ford, later sen
tenced to life imprisonment for the
murder of Distric t Attorney F-. T. Man
well of Yuba county. California. For
eight months of 1916-1917 she again
worked for the league iu connection
with the San Francisco Preparedness
day bomb case defense.
Under the general indictment here
Miss Pollock was charged with con
spiracy to prevent enforcement of the
espionage act, to obstruct the drift,
to violate the United Staes constitu
tion and to hamper war work. Overt
acts charged against her were the
alleged wrting and circulating of a
"free verse" poem on "The Soldier
With the Broken Nose," and con
spiracy with Basilo Saffores of San
Francisco to send I. W. W. literature
to Holland.
Under the caption, "The Kit fen in
the Wheat," the I. W. W. paper,
Solidarity, printed in its issue of Jane
23, 1917, the following, the indictment
sets forth:
"A Sab-cat and a Wobbly band,
A rebel song or two;
And then we'll show the parasites -
Just what the cat can do.
And have you fixed the where and
when
That we must slave and die?
Here's fifty thousand harvest men
Shall know the reason why!
CHORUS.
"The Sab-cat purred and twitched her
tail
As happy as could be;
They'd better not throw wobs in jail
And leave the kitten free."
This song, signed "Shorty," had
several more verses. The sab-cat is
said by government officials to repre
sent the active sabotage members of
the organization, "wobbly" another
term for 1. W. W. member, ?nd "para
sites," all numbers of tht tmployiiif
classes.
ARMY DEBATES OF
PERSONAL, STRENGTH
TO BE AVOIDED
(Continued from Page One)
lord sought to obtain General March's
views Oil this question.
"The question of universal training
is a question of national policy," said
General March. "It is the duty of the
general staff tj submit recommenda
tions to the secrc tary of war when
they are called for. If they do not
get by the secretary, they are stopped.
The secretary has told you that they
are on his desk."
General March said the army now
was organized under presidential
ordor an-J the plan included in the
staff bill was practically that organi
zation. A total strength of 509,001
men is provided for, he said, to be
organized into 20 divisions grouped in
five corps. The total annual CG?t he
fixed at $1,3S5,000 .(", estimated on a
return to a base pay of J 15 a month
for privates and exclusive of $SG.o00.
000 curried in the fortifications bill.
Continue War Organization.
All of the existing var-iiiiie organi
zations such as the tank corps, trans
portation and motor transportation
corps, independent air service and the
like are to be continued, with the ex
ception of the chemical warfare
service.
"We are not in favor of the use of
poison gas in war," General March
declared. "Noi that it makes any dif
fere.ice how you ki!! a soldier, but th
gas lies on the ground and penetrates
back to villages and kills women and
children. No civilized nation ought
to use it."
The general said that even before
the armistice was signed, the Interna
tional Red Cross was working for an
agreement among (he belligerents for
abandonment of gas warfare. He
added that the peace congress was
expected to prohibit its use absolute
- PAY LESS
ly. In the menu hue the army will
coniii Me to st'idy thj .-uhject to pro
vide nnt-ks for d -tense of troops
against gas. but make no plans to
employ ii. the general said.
If the president is given authority
to continue, war-time agencies of the
army. General March said, the plan
mapped out in the bill will be fol
lowed. It provides tor six officers of
tile rank of lieutenant general to take
care of corps commanders and fixes
the chief of staff with the rank of
general as the officer taking "rank
Liid precedence over all other otii
cers." Reserve Corps Ranks.
One of the most important provi
sions of the bill. General March saiJ.
was that giving reserve corps officers
lank including that of colonel instead
r.if major as now provided.
"There ought not to be such ham
pering in .rank of men coming in from
civil life," he said.
Another condition which must be
remedied, the general said, was that
limiting permanent commissions from
civil life to the grade of second lieu
tenant. If that is to be continued, he
said, "the men who fought the war,"
would lie lost for those who proved
themselves in action would not con
sent to enter the regular service in
that grade.
The bill provides for absolute pro
motion by selection of all officers of
rank of captain or higher. By thr?
lime ar. officer becomes a captain,
General March said, his ability is a
known quantity,'
The three-year enlistment was pro
posed to reduce the annual "turn
around" of men to keep the ranks
full. General March said. It meant a
recruitment of 160,000 men a year,
which he. believed could be accom
plished. Make Draft Permanent.
"Don't you think it would be wise
to include as a permarcnt provision
of law," asked Representative Mc
Kenzie, "the statement that In time
of war we would raise our armies by
conscription?" '
"That's where the administration
steps in." said General March. "You
recall that Lloyd George, the British
premier, has said he w:;s not in favor
of conscription anywhere at any ri.n ;
in the future. We don't know what
the peace conference is going to
bring us "
General March snid the national
gunrd was at present "out of exist
ence," and aided thit un'il the men
who really con. pose the old gunrd md
;re now in Vi ar.ee have come home,
not even liie govornnrs nor pdjuti.Ui
generals of the states ran forecast its
luture. The general said it would be
manifestly unfair to organize a new
force which excluded the men over
seas, and -that no appropriation for
the guard had been-proposed.
Mr. Baker assured the committee
that the war department would co
operate to the fullest extent with any
slates which raised national guard
uniis within tho meaning cf federal
laws. The equipment and arms for
these forces would be made available,
he added, "if he had to over-rule the
juJae advocate general."
MRS. M'KAY SEEKS
RAISE FOR WOMEN
(Continued from Page One)
pervisors and requires the removal of
trees, brush or other'obstacles likely
to hir.dr the free passage of the wa
ter. The bill also calls for a descrip
tive survey to be made in each county
and provides a maximum penalty for
the unlawful obstruction of any chan
nel of a fine ot $5o0z and imprison
ment for six months.
Support Ashurst Bill
In support of the Ash.irst bill pend
ing iu congress. Campbell of Coconino
presented to the senate a memorial
requesting the passage of the mea
sure. The Ashurst bill contemplates
the acquisition by the United States
by purchase of the state of Lower
California, the Coronado islands and a
a tract of land in the state of Sonora
approximating 10,000 square miles.
Concurring in the house resolution
extending the sympathy of the legis
lature to the widow of the late Theo
dore Roosevelt, the senate under a
suspension of the rules passed the
Coffee resolution which is to be for
warded immediately.
The afternoon session went for
nauj'ht. Called to order at I o'clock
the senate recessed for two hours
awaiting a report from the appropria
tion committee upon the bill providing
for the expenses of the legislature.
When the committee made a report
two hours later a quorum of the sen
ate could not be secured and adjourn
ment for the day was taken.
POLES GAIN GROUND
fPv KvU-w I.f-ased Wire)
AM.STKRDAM. Jan. 16 The Tolish
legionaries have advanced to within
two miles and a half east of Brom
herg. a town of Prussia, in the pro
vince of roscn. according to a report
reccivpd Uy the Vossische Zeitung of
Berlin. The Poles now practically in
vest Hroniberg.
Gel Rid of That
Pcrr-Luenfc CcuIi
Eto tVat w?aKf I'-iii". perslFtent coukIi
r ooli, tnrvatciMii:? throat or lunff
aTfi-tioi s, wi;n Ec-K, nan's Alt jr.itlve,
tn? toi :c ar..l u; ImlliW c;' -0 yerird'
furc-rssf ill us.. ,-i)c and bottlea
from iirnerriHti. nr fron
IX'KilA.N LAUOiUlolii', Philadelyhla
IS BACK AT
THE OLD STAND
BROPHY GARAGE
and Supply Co.
"CURLEY
'COVENANT NATIONS I
i IS IN FORM FOR DIS- I
CUSSION BY CONGRESS i
i
J (Continued from Page Orn"l
lagreed that the government should
'acquaint each other with the latest in-
i i riuaiion at their disposal, with a
'view to the Joint examination of the
question.
; The next meeting will he held Fri
day at 10:"0 a. m."
i T:ie supreme council, it developed
later, appointed a committee to dis
cuss tle subject of publicity, and the
British and American correspondents
this afternoon met separately in cau
icus to formulate the position they
would take at the later conference
'with the council's committee. After
ithe British and American newspaper
'men met in joint caucus to harmon
ize their plans.
The committee named by the coun
cil comprises Sir George Riddell for
Great Britain, Ray Stannard Baker
for the United States. Mm. Comert
and Corbin for France and Signor
Aldorvanda for Italy. Japan is not
represented on the committee.
DISCUSS RUSSIAN SITUATION.
PARIS. Jan. 16 t Hy the Assoc iat
ed Press ) The meeting- of the su
preme w;.r council at the foreign
office this morning, occupying two
hours, whs the only formal gathering
of the peace delegates today. As
summed up in the official communique
the Russian situation and the confer
ence V. lelations with the press were
the ci'lv matters treated.
After the meeting. President Wil
scn. Premier Lloyd George. Secre
tary Lansing tnd Mr Balfour re
mained for some time in the ante
chamber of M. Plchon's office in
crniest conversation.
The discussion of the Russian sit
I uation tppears to have been confined
i to an npirc-inent to exchange avail
able information.
' ASKS PARLIAMENT'S AID.
(Hy Rv1ew loused Wire)
PARIS, Jan. 16- When asked in the
cha.Tiber of deputies today what day
the L-i einment could discuss internel-
ilaticns t;n the peace conference. Pre
mier C lcctnceau replied that the ob
jects of the conference had already
occupied live or six sittings and the
government could not discuss them
anew.
"i-rclused to attend an afternoon
meet ills' of the conference in order to
' be h re,' he said. "The conference
continues its work in the spirit of the
sincerest conciliation. The right to
interpellate cannot be suspended dur-
j ing the conference, but it ought not
lO emoarruss me iiraitn-uie.
"It is the first time that delegates
of all the nations of the world meet
together. It is the first time that
the idea has come to the minds of
men to rise above more or less nar
row c l.sideration in order to strive
to mekt conditions of a general peace
wnich will assure tranquility to civ
ilisation. "It is a great prospect, difficult to
DON'T LET A GOLD
KEEP YOJJAT HOME
Dr. King's New Discovery
almost never fails to
bring quick relief
Small doses once in awhlTe and thaS
throat-tearing, lun3-splittinj cough
txm quiets down. Another deso cndi
hot bath before jumping into bed, a
good slcp, and back to normal in tha
xacrnia.
Dr. King'i New Discovery Is wel
tnown. For fifty years it's been
relieving coughs, colds and bronchial
attacks. For fifty years it has been
c;ld by druggists everywhere. A
reliable remedy that you yourself or any
member of your family can take safely,
fcOc and $1.20.
Train Those Stubborn Bowels
Help nature take its course, not
xrith a violent, habit-forming purga
tive, but with gentle but certain and
ntitural-laxative. Dr. King's New Life
Pills. Tonic in action, it stimulates the
lax bowels. Sold by druggists. ?5c
it makes a whole lot of differ- j
ence what kind of lumber you
use. If the lumber is to come;
from us, you can figure onj
quantities much closer than if
you don't specify us. There,
is no waste to our lumber. It
can be used to the last inch. ;
If your plans are as right as
our lumber your building willj
be a dandy.
Bisbee Lumber Co
(Incorporated)
EM1L MARKS, Mgr.
Lowell Car Stop. Phone 25
!n Preparing
Specifications
rcslirc. and ir cannot be realized un
less parliament supports us. The
policy of inciting certain men of the
gi-i'ii tnent against others ourht to
be n-nouueed."
Hears of Brother
Wounded in War
Joe E. Flower of this city was over
joyed yesterday to receive a letter
from his brother, T. T. Flower, after
an interim of more than three month-;,
during which the local man had wav
ered between hope and fear as to his
late.
The reason for his long silence was
explained by Mr. Flower in his letter,
as be said he hud been wounded and
had been in the hospital recovering.
However, he said he was well and
scon would be out of the hospital, lie
hoped soon for his disr-harge and in
case he obtained it intended to come
home at once.
In speaking of going to the hospital,
Mr. Flower said he had got his share
of Huns just the same before .being
sent to the back area. He was wi'h
the Sixth regiment of the Second di
vision of Marines, stationed near
Metz.
S9 GOAT MILK
(At Drus Storei)
2Se
Il-oi. Caa
GOAT
MILK i.rVh
In Knf tr.fat nct nat
ural sugar. Mucheasier
u d.gest morel
cow milk y?
pririaHv fnr
Nert
to mother's
thote huving wak
ftomachs, or n tend
ency toward tubetculuus
COAT MILK LABORATORIES
rniciuiM..SaaFraaciKa
SPECIAL OFFER THIS WEEK
ONLY. ALL $50.00 AND
$45.00 SUITS FOR
$40.00 .
$75.00 AND $65.00 SUITS FOR
$55.00
FABRIC, STYLE AND FIT ALL
GUARANTEED
We are the only tailors in the
city who make your clothes in our
own shop. We can make your
clothes cheaper than you can buy
them ready made.
We accept Liberty Bonds and W.
S. S. Stamps as Cash
FRUITMAN'S
. FASHION SHOP
TAILORS FOR MEN AND
WOMEN
Opp. American Express Co.
Phone 74 Main St.
len's Soils
he Lowell Motor Co.
ANNOUNCES
IN
HALFSOL
I.
Owing to our long experience in judging and applying better equipment, and great
increase in sales, we are enabled to give our customers a material reduction in prices of
"GATES HALF SOLE TIRES"
Testimonials from local users attest to saving of Yz THE COST and all the ex
pense cf punctures, as we will repair all puctures free for the life of the guarantee,
3500 MILES.
We have records of 9000 miles without a puncture. One year constant use, no
trouble reported. Trip to Denver and retum without any tire trouble one month after,
still running on original Bisbee air, and numerous others as hard to believe.
A blanket guarantee given by no other tire company we know of is given. Any
"GATES HALF SOLE TIRE" dealer any where will make all adjustments, just the
same as where you purchased the Half Sole.
CALL AT LOWELL MOTOR COMPANY AND BE SHOWN
LoweS! Motor Co
PHONE 738
THE WAY TO USE VAPORUB
FOR SPANISH INFLUENZA
The Influenza Germs Attack the lining of the Air Passages.
When VapoRub is Applied Over Throat and Chest, the
Medicated Vapors Inhaled, Loosen the Phlegm, Open the
Air Passages and Stimulate the Mucous Membrane to
Throw Off the Germs.
Most authorities now aree that
what we call Spanish Influenza is
simply the old-fashioned prin, which
was epidemic here in 1SS9-90. The in
fliynza germs enter through the hose
and mouth and attack the lining of the
air passages nose, throat and bron
chial tubes.
There is no cure or specific for this
disease, but Nature will throw off the
attack, if only you conserve your
strength. A competent physician
should always be called. The use of
VaporRub does not Interfere wiih any
internal treatment and it is now being
used by broadminded physiciait ev
erywhere, in order to , stimulate the
lining of the air passages to throw off
the grip serins, to aid in loosening
the phlegn aud keeping the air pas
sages open, thus making the breath
ing easier. Hot. wet towels should
be applied over the throat, chest and
back between the shoulder blades to
open the pores. Ten VapoRub should
be rubbed in over the parts until the
skin is red, spread on thickly and
covered with two thicknesses of hot
flannel cloths. Leave the clothing
loose around the neck, as the heat of
the body liberates the ingredients in
the form of vapors. These vapors, in
haled with each breath, carry the
medication directly to the parts affect
ed. Aat the same time, VapoRub is
absorbed through and stimulates the
skin, attracting the blood to the sur
face, and thus aids in relieving the
congestion within.
HOW TO AVOID THE DISEASE
Evidence seems to prove that this Is
r
One of the Worlds Greatest Men Was a
Civil, Mechanical and Constructional
Engineer
mathematician; inventor; electrical wiz
ard; botanist; naturalist; economist;
psychologist; writer and Philosopher!
Yet, as a youth, he once worked for $25
a year and board, until he bettered him
self through an Ad in The Review Classi
fied Columns!
Review Want Ads Bring Result
A SWEEPING REDUCTION
THE PRICES OF
GATE
a germ disease, spread principally by
I human contact, chiefly through cough
! in?, sneezing or spitting. So avuid
iing crowds common drinking cups.
! roller towels, etc. Keep up your bod
lily str-nrth by plenty of exercise in
the open air and good rood.
KEEP FREE FROM COLDS.
Above all. kp free from (olds, as
j colds Irritate the lining of the air pas
sages and render them much better
breeding places for the germs. Use
iVIcks VapoRub at the very first sign
of a cold. For a head cold, melt a lit
!tle VapoRub in a spoon and inhale the
; vapors, or better still, use VapoRub In
ia benzoin steam kettle. If this is not
I available, use an ordinary tea-kettle.
Fill half full of boiling water, put iu
'half a teaspoon of VapoRub from time
to time keep the kettle Just slowly
; boiling and inhale the steam arising.
I NOTE: Vick's VapoRub is the discov
iery of a North Carolina druggist, who
found how to combine, in salve form,
.Menthol and Camphor with sach vola
Itile oils as Kucalyptus, Thyme. Cu
ibebs. etc.. so that when the salve is
applied to the body beat, these ingr
idients are liberated in the fonn cf
j vapors.
VapoRub can be had in three sizes
at all druggists. While comparatively
j new in certain parts ot the North, it is
the standard home remedy in the
South and West for all forms of cold
troubles over six million jars were
sold last year. VapoRub is particular
ly recommended for children's croup
or colds, as it is externally applied
and- can, therefore, be used freely and
often without the slightest harmful
effect.
I
J FOUR
THE BI5BEE DAILY RLVIEW, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1919.
&U? iBiBbtt Daily IRrufoui
Published Every Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated Publishing
w Company
COMPENSATION LAW UNIVERSITY HEAD
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use (or re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to it or net otherwise credited to this paper,
and also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches herein are also reserved-
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8, 1879.
This Is Our Job
Here is a story told by Dr.R. B. von KlienSmid, president of the Uni
versity of Arizona, at the meeting of the Warren District Luncheon club yes
terday at noon.
It all happened just after the first of the United States Marines had
been rushed up toward Paris and thrown into the face of the Hun forces
troops which twice had broken the lines of the allies and which had pene
trated to within sixteen miles of the walls of Paris.
The commander of the marines met with a commander of the French who,
with his forces, was retreating in disorder and haste.
"You can't stop them! it's impossible," the French officer told the Amer
ican. "Your men will be slaughtered."
"You are tired," the American replied. "This is our job."
The scene changes; many months later a new picture is painted for us.
A mass of moving khaki outlines each bank of the Moselle today for the
American army of occupation to the way to Bohleni left Gravenmacher at
dawn with flags flying and bands playing. The unwonted activity in each
little village from Luxemborough to the frontier, where troops have been
billeted for the past two weeks, has attracted the keenest interest of the
people. They line the roadways, watching the marching columns, unmindful
of the steady appeal of the church bells bidding them come to worship.
It is a striking scene, this stretch of gorgeous landscape in a fairyland of
old castles and beautiful vintars, of red-roofed villages and hospitable vil
lagers, clad in their Sunday-best. The men. for the most part, dressed in
green suits, the color of their dark forests, with a feather stuck at a raking
angle in their soft fedora hats. Ruddy cheeked children in plaid, and smiling
women in voluminous skirts, complete an assembly that Js stirringly pictur
esque. It is an artistic setting for the breezy boys from America, whose youth
and enthusiasm have won the hearts of these Luxeniborougers. Triuiiipliial
arches of evergreen and flowers have been erected in all the towns and the
colors of France, and the United States wave from every doorway. Every
road leading to the frontier has its procession of marching men. trunks of
the commisary department, field kitchens, machine. gun battalions, ambu
lance corps, mounted officers, khaki painted touring cars and limousines,
mammouth guns, the 'heavies" of the Argonne fame, waddle past mounted on
giant caterpillar tractors, their erstwhile camouflage covered by a coat of
olive drab. The stone houses shake on their foundations as these mon
sters fumble by and people look on and nod their heads with conviction.
"Trulv the Americans have everything." they said.
Ask the Luxemborougers why they like the Americans better than the
Germans. Madame at the cafe at Gravenmacher will tell you that the Ameri
cans do not rave or throw their coffee pot against the wall when she serves
some one else first. The Germans did. .
Monsier. who sits in the market place all day to watch the excitement,
says: Aha! Put the Americans, they are nice, they play with the children,
they teach them English and divide their white bread. They are kindness
itself.
Krauliue, w-ho is a belle, who speaks English and French as well as
German, because her parents are wealthy and she had the advantage of a
convent training at Liege, she will tell you another story.
"The Germans, they say 'Come, walk mit me, Frauline,' and they run after
us in the streets, as we do not go out aione at nights when the Germans are
here, we girls of Luxemborough.
"But the Americans, Oh! they are different. They treat me with respect,
and we are not afraid to go but at night when they are here. We are glad
to have them, and when they are gone we shall be very lonely. My brother
and I, we think we will go to America."
HOLDS
POLITICIANS SPEAKS
RETURN
REVOLUTION FOSTERED BY BOLSHEVIKI SWEEPS ARGENTINA
i Review Phoenix Uureau) !
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. lC interest
in political circles is centering upon
an attempt which is to be made to in
troduce a new workingmcn's com
pensation measure in the legislature.
Unless the present plans for this pro
posed law are changed, the introduc
tion of the bill will serve to sharply
define the conservative and radical
elements in the legislative body.
While a compensation law was re
commended in his message byt Gover
nor Campbell, it is said by those in a
position to know, that the proposed
legislation is not designed to meet the
emergency pointed out by the execu
tive. Rather, it is claimed that the
rumored bill is intended and fostered
by the radical division as a morsel of
revenge for the bill of a similar nature
introduced in the last session of the
legislature.
Where the former measure provided
a maximum of fH0 should be paid
the dependents of an employe whose
death was caused by accident, or neg
ligence on the part of an employer,
the new bill will, according to rumor,
provide a maximum of $8000 and con
tains drastice operative clauses.
While the tone of the legislature is
decidedly conservative, the reaction
aries are proceeding confidently with
their plans and predict that the vote
on the bill will prove in the nature of
a revelation to the members of the
opposing side. An effort is now being I Thhrrv
made to secure a sponsor ior tne pro
posed law.
OF YANKS TO U.S.!
Some day soon these Americans who treat the Luxemborougers with re
spect, and who make themselves welcomed guests in the European cities
and villages, will return to America. We will welcome them with wide open
arms, will have bands out to herald their return, and speakers to eulogize
them. '
But. will we stop here? Will we welcome them back to an America
which they left, or an America purged by the cleansing spirit of this great
wrr? Will we assimilate them into a new society and a new business worlo,
such as they will expect?
Herein lies the great problem for America and Americans.
To welcome back the men who have made the supreme sacrifice in a'
spirit and an America which meets their new standards of life
This is our job!
Neal Dow's Triumph
If those "who have gone before" j?njoy the privilege of looking back upon
the scenes of their earthly struggles, the spirit of Neal Dow must be filled
with satisfaction at the way things are going. He was the first to comprehend
that the solution of the liquor problem lay in the complete prohibition of the
manufacture and sale of alcoholic liquors. His foresight may have been
quickened by the fact that he was of Quaker parentage and training. The
Quakers from the earliest times held the use of intoxicating liquors to be
an abomination in the sight ot the Lord, even when more or less straight
laced clergy were given to an excessive use of it..
Dow's activities began nearly seventy years ago. He had just been elect
ed mayor of Portland, Maine, and for the first time he believed himself to be
in a position effectively to campaign against the evils against which he had
been trained from childhood and whose effects he had observed throughout
his youth and middle ruantiood.
It was soon after he became mayor of Portland that he prepared the
Maine law. It was a very rigid law, as much so, as any that has been passed
since, prohibiting the manufacture and sale of liquor except for medicinal
purposes, and providing for search and seizure. It has been the basis of all
prohibition legislation since proposed or enacted.
Though it was promptly passed hy the Maine legislature, it became that
favorite argument of the liquor interests that prohibition does not prohibit. In
some parts of Maine liquor was a little harder to obta-in after the enactment
of that law, but generally the effect of it was dependent upon the sentiments
of those charged with enforcing the law and the public sentiment of the
various communities. ,
It became the center of ridicule and it frequently changed the political
complexion of Maine. Though the sentiment in many elections seemed to
be against prohibition there must have been at all times an underlying affec
tion tcr the old law, for it was never repcakd or modified.
It may never have been taken seriously by the great majority of the
people, as now here was it generally believed, as late as' tea years ago, that
prohibition could never become more than a sporadic annoyance to the liquor
industry. But the "Maine law" is surely and even rapidly triumphing. It
has not only made much more than half the country dry, but within the not
six months, it will have been decreed that the wVjle country shall be dry.
Arizona Republican. !
Victory for Thrift
Thrift and economy, championed by the womanhood of America have
won the strugule against greed and rapacity. Cannons and guns and men
did their part on the field of battle, but it was the savings of the mn and
women at home that put them there.
O'lt of the four-years tragedy has come the lesson of thrift. Not the
niggardly hoarding of the miser, but. the knowledge of the value of economy
that produced the sage advic of Burns:
"Save money, not for to hide it in a hedge.
Nor for a train attendant;
But for the glorious privilege
Of being independent."
Women have always been the savers in the home, from necessity, nut
"the glorious privilege of being independent," gained through the fulfillment
of a patriotic duty has given them an incentive to economize and save for
the slie-r joy of saving.
A far-seeing government has provided or with a means of saving thrift
stamps, war savinns certificates. Liberty bonds, which apart from their use
in winning tho war. have proved to he one of the grfiilest moral and material
Mc-ssiiiKs deviled for the good of a nation. .
Through necessity we learned to sawv We paid the price of peace be
cause of a patriotic obligation. W'c can now put to use the knolc:dce gained
tif ini'i penden- e through wimi:. We owe tliih duty to our children, our fauii
ii s, ourselves, and our couutry.
FAR EAST RELIEF
BEFORE ARIZONA
ilii-vit-w t'hoenix Uutt-aii)
PHOENIX. Ariz., Jan. 16. United
States food administration is actively
backing the plans for relief of the
civilian populations of the near-east,
which will be observed in this state
by a gigantic triple drive February
10-17, for the purpose of raising $150.
000 as this state's share of a $;SO,000.
0o0 fund in aim. Assyrians. Armenians
and Jewish people are to benefit.
Timothy A. Riordan, federal food ad
ministrator for Arizona, has received
a wire from the state's administration
division of the food administration at
Washington, which reads as follows:
"Riordan, Food Administrator,
Phoenix:
"Several administrators have
received inquiries regarding atti
tude food administration towards
campaign to raise $30.000.(to0 for
relief near-east including Ar
menia, Assyria and Persia. Food
administration unqualifiedly sup
ports campaign. Mr. Hoover has
cabled his personal views and
urges necessity of campaign's suc
cess. Hope you will do every
thing within your power to assist
in your state the organizations al
ready formed for this appeal.
(Signed) "HALLO WELL."
The publicity department of the
food administration is lending its, as
sistance toward making the coming
campaign a successful one and to this
end publishers ure being importuned
to open their columns to announce
ments of the progress of the campaign
as they are made from day to day.
SENATE DISMISSES
LA FOLLETTE CASE
(Con.lnu-d from Page O.ie)
An appeal to the American people
to make the return of the soldiers of
the United States, such a return that
none of the men who have fought the
battles for democracy can feel that
the men and women at home have
not taken their share in the titanic
struggle, marked the address yester
day neon of R. B. vou KleinSmid.
president of the state university at
Tucson before the Warren District
Luncheon club. Dr. von KleinSmiJ
came here as the guest of the club
for the especial purpose of delivering
a message to the residents of the dis
trict. Sparkling with little phrases which
brought the laugh from his audience,
startling with replete incidents of the
war which brought lumps to the
throats of his auditors. Dr. von Klein
Smid's address was one of the most
direct and most impressing which
has yet been delivered before the
club. From the time he took the
rioor, until long after the time when
the dinner was to bave broken up,
ho held his auditors at strict atten
tion. Or. von KleinSmiJ opened his ad
dress with a reference to the Ameri
can of the typical type of the army,
and illustrated his point with the
story of the American commander of
Marines, who. when the French com
mander told him he could not stem
tire tide of the Germans at Chateau
replied:
' Ytr are tired; this Is our job."
Ho.v the Americans not only held
tVj Germane, hut turned the tide of
defeat to victory for the allies, the
sre: ker then explained.
The doctor then tol.1 of the new
spirit which has been born in the
souls of the American soldier, and
declared that the people of this coun
try have as their job, the welcoming
butt: of the soldier to a new- country,
a new standard of society, of business,
of rrf ion and of public relations, in
emu: trt-.ity with the standards which
have been drilled into the hearts and
miiKis Of the men who have been
fighting in France.
Thi luncheon was attended by more
th in TO members, and was the largest
mretirg held since the organization
of tin? club several weeks ago. In the
absence of J. C. Ryan, president,
James K. Henderson, vice-president,
presided. Mr. Ryan is ill with influenza.
r: Tin? Vteil 4Tr-?VMilrH' urr
H hi f ft !Tfivl ilTI ?CfPi' K.--w
iyl it I i t I i!J JtT i fc., Tvs!rr.;fe A
vy1 j
, ; lAi
Street scene in Buenos Aires followin; publication of famous "Spurlos Versenkt" notes, above; Police headquar.
ters, which was attacked by strikers, at left, and Plaza de Mayo. '
HIGH STUDENTS IN
MILITARY TRAINING
Argentina ha3 been placed un
. der a military dictatorship to en
able the government to use drastic
measures in coping with the revo
! lotion started by Bolsheviki aj?i-
tators sent from Europe. General
Delleplane baa been made dictator
and is in command of all govern
ment forces. Buer.cs Aires, the
eenter of the revolt, which was
started with a general strike
throughout the city, has been the
scene of bitter street fighting.
Wrecked vehicles and their con
tents .'itter the streets. Several
persons have been killed. The ap
pointment of General Delleplane,
it ii pointed out, is not considered
a measure unfriendly to President
Irigoyan, but the most effective
way of handling the situation.
UNIVERSITY DROPS CLIPS DOG'S EAR AND
INTO ITS ROLE OF LANDS IN JAIL HERE
PEACEFUL TIMES
president pro lem of
t
Delaware
senate.
Disposes of Actions.
The senate's action disposes of not
only the Minnesota safety commis
sion's proceedings, which have been
pending for more than a year, but in
effect, also of numerous petitions to
the senate asking for Senator I -a
Follette's expulsion.
Except for tne attack on Senator
IaFollette by Senator Williams, the
lesolution was adopted with little de
late. During most of the proceedings
Senator LaKollette occupied his seat
at the fro-.it of the center aisle, chew
ing a cigar an.l with face sternly set.
Senator Williams' criticism appar
ently was unexpected. The format
documents in the case, including Sen
ator Pomerene'n arraignment of Mr. j
LaKollette in the minority committee
report, had been read and a roll call
on dismissal of the case begun when
Senator Williams interrupted, declar
ing he was unwilling to let the reso
lution go to a vote without voicing
his criticism.
Criticizes LaFollette.
The .Mississippi senator tiien deliv
ered a viu-orons address in which he
declared that Senator La Follette's
specll nl St. Pat:! was disloyal in
spirit, wor Is. iuten'ion and elteet,
and was made with a set purpose
Mr Williams said the Wisconsin sen
ator hul charged that the
Training of the cadet corps of the
Pisbee high school has started with
70 boys eulisted. D. M. Davis, who is
pi grounded in military tactics, has
been secured to' train them. Rifles
'of the Sprinfield-Enfleld model of
1917 have been obtained and will be
used to instruct the lads in the
manual of arms. They are of th3 reg
nlrtion type and size, correspond ex
actly in weight, but have one defect
as far as being used as a gun is con
cerned; the barrel is solid, except
fer about an inch bore at the muzzle.
The cadets either have bought their
uniforms or will do so in the imme Ji
ate future. Though they have been
at work only about a week they
ohiady are beginning to show the
tcr.elici.il effects of the training.
I'.rills will be held Wednesday,
Thursday and Friday of each week.
On Mondays the commissioned and
noi. -commissioned officers will be in
structed iu the manual of arms. Any
Ii nates wishing to take this instruc
tjn may attend.
At the present lime there is but
one commissions J officer in the com
pany. First Lieut. Percy M. Page.
However, there will be a competitive
examination for commissions and war
rants on the last Friday in January.
For the present the boys are drill
ing indoor:; in the gymnasium, but
later they will ue the tennis court
for this purpose. -,
GAMBLING DEVICES ARE
HALTED BY OFFICERS
States went to war to protect ".Mor
gan interests" and in order that rich
Anu'iiians might ride on munitions
ships. Denouncing those charges as
"lies." the senator declared theyweru
That the conducting ot carnival
booths in which games of chance were
being played, or w here prizes were be
ing offered, was a violation of the Ari
zona state anti-gambling law. and that
such booths should cease their opera
tions, was the mcpsagc carried to the
manager of a carnival now showing iu
Douglas by Sheriff J. K. McDonald
Wednesday night. The manager re
sented the act of Sheriff McDonald
and filed complaint with County At
torney French in Tombstone yester
day that he was being discriminated
against.
Practically all the booths operating
in connection with the carnival were
forced to close following the sheriff's
ruling. The city police of Douglas
United i were unable to cope with the situation
as the carnival was located outbiue
the city limits.
M. 1. McKclligon and George M.
Koark, assistants to the county attor
ney, met here yesterday and conferred
After a strenuous effort on the part
of the University of Arizona to aid
the federal government in every par
ticular during the course of the war.
that institution again has dropped
into Its accustomed peace time role
and is crowd. ng all of the educational
features p ssible into the remainder
of the ye:i This, in brief, was the
statement of Dr. R. B. von KleinSmid,
presilent of the university, when he
was interviewed here yesterday aft
ernoon, prior to his departure for
Douglas, where he spoke last night.
"The university is proud of the roz
it played during the war." said D
von KleinSmid. "Not only were .109
of its boys serving in the army, but
23 of the faculty were serving iu vari
ous capacities, either in the army or
in war work. There were two cas
ualties among the alumnae and two
among the faculty. About SO per cent i
of the man power of the university j
were officers.
"Beginning last Julv we became a !
military institution. During the rest
of the time elapsing between then
and tho signing of the armistice, or
rather until demobilization in Decem
ber, we had atcut 1C0O student sol
diers in training.
"Beginning January 2, the uni
versity opened on its regular pre-war
basis anj by cutting out vacations,
working on Saturdays and eliminating
examination weeks, we expect to giv;?
a full year's work by about July 1.
" Our enrollment on the campus is
now about 42."i, which would give us
i Armed with a long sharp butcher's
j knife and a consuming rage against
j his former sweetheart, now Mrs. Jose
! Rodriguez, of Tin Tow n, near South
Bishee. Santos Hernandez, a Mexican.
take care of their women sometime
more and sometime less but in re-
ons wnere there are no apartment
houses, where your next Joor neigh-
is perhaps a hundred miles away.
rr.'P fitht to the death to keep their
r.n.ei! from contamination. All these
elements are in "Ace High." which i
en absorbing photoplay from the first
title to the last sizzling climax.
I'.esides. there is that wild, picturen-rt-uuty
of the Alaskan-Canadian
wreaked his spite upon a pet dog be- corner lor scenic effects. .Not plain
longing to the woman, cutting off one i -?u:lio mountains and towering snow
of its ears. This he did. it was stated. ! driits. The real thing!
to he a warning to the woman as to 1
w hat might happen to her.
As a result of his escapade. Hernau
dez was arrested on a warrant sworn
out by Jose Rodriguez, who charced
him with breach of the peace. On trial j
yesterday befcre Justice of the Peace
James Allison, the prosecuting wit-j
ness and his wife swore that Hernan
dez had cut the creature's ear off near
its head with a butcher knife. Her
nandez admitted as much.
a jau sentence or days was pass- j
ed by the court.
GHOST WINS STAKE.
(Pr Trlew LmW Vflr
?l O N TUO M Kit Y . Ala.. Jan 18
Km Rene's gho.-t. ow ned by Mrs. Mary
J. Elliott of I'ourtland. Ala., won the
lHrby slake of the all-American Field
Trials club today, competing witi a
tield of rointers and setters gathered
from all parts cf the country.
TOM MIX IN BIG
STUNT PLAY, WILL
SHOW AT EAGLE
A shooting star! That's iht one,
und only Tom Mix. l;m Mix does!
moiv stunt', gets more thrill. in a j
picture than any other innn on the!
screen today. He ptit.j over big.
every rlay he is in. He makes people i
feel that they are c.n llie ground on
the great wide prairie- with him as
he gallops along through a photoplay.!
In his latest IVaiiire. "Ace Hiuh."i
at the Eagle today, 'he has the best
hand in the motion picture pack. It
is a thriller. It is full of that bi'
I.unihnness for wiie; the west is,
ju.-tly famous. It shows the ha-1 men'
I
1 uwmw-
during the year approximate- ati j ( ,he good men -an J draws the line
enrollment. The dormitories are j sharp.
crowded. Iu the large dormitory The i.art inteiest is intense, begin
there are three young men to a room niK wllrn Tom .Uli tlu. ,.1 were iu
while the small boys' dormitory i-s j their teens. All over the world men
equally crowded. The girls' Jormi- j
tory also is ov -rf lowing. In order to
tako care of the overflow both of
boys and girls we have been obliged
to place some of them in the city of
Tuc son. It is our effort wherever it is
possible to take euro ot the students
on the campus, but this is impossible
at present.
"Several evening courses now are
being offered and are welf attended.
These include language, specializing
in French and Spanish, economics and
law. The night classes are the larg
est we have, ever had.
"The influenza epidemic visited the
university in November in very se
vera form. Out of more than I'lio
cases hp lost but two, which we con
sider a good record. Condition ' of
bculth anion:; the student hod at
present is very good."
fs'aJwcys preseniatfe-
, ''; now possible for every
I U ' woman through use of
MARINELLO
Phantom Powder
Immediately gives skin appear,
a nee of beauty then reaUy
beautifies ft. Unnvalrd beautr builder
for face, neck and hancU. Doesn't rub
or wash off - Splendid tor eremr. make
up. Your autot wU prove iu merit.
McDonald's Marinello
Shop Phone 305
NERVES ALL ON TENSION?
A mother in the home, or a man or woman at busi
ness, with nerves undone and the system generally
feeling the strain, should find wonderful help in
Iff l :
1
gross calumny and slaiuh r on the ahoul the case, both going to Douglas
American people. j later. It was understood that their
In a brief rcpl). Senator (liliiimiiani. election was unfavorable to the show
in charge of the majority commit lee I man's claim and that they were pre
report, dec lared the comuiillee had pared to back up the sheriff in arrest
si ii lied all or the clue iiuients - not the ing the proprietor of the carnival'if
liagnieiiiarv statements referred lo'the game reopened. Telephonic ad
by Sen 1 1 or Williams-- lor II nioiil lis. j vices lioin iMuglas yesterday were to publican leaders are confident that it
and on a nonpariian iie. had l-! the el feci that ihecarnial would not I will be passed. Many senators, how
c ided that the speech, taken ;i a'aiienipl to reoneii. but would move, out j ever, are opposed t the appropria
while, did Hot juMil; a.i action bj j " t'11' tlale or ai lce-l out ol Coc lnse 1 1 ion and are cvctcil to present their
the bciialc. . 'county, at once. iews on the Moor ol tho senate.
DEBATE RELIEF BILL
ll?v K'Viw Leased W'lie
WASHINGTON. Jan. IB Debate on
the administration bill appropriating
Jlnii.nnn.iMiO for food relief in Kurope
anil the near east will begin tomorrow
iu the senate w ith leaders confident of
a final vote before Hilpournment Sat
urday night.
The measure was ordered favorably
reported today by the senate appro
priations committee with but little op
position and both democratic ami re-
Powerful sedatives or strong medicines are habit
forming and dangerous. The logical help is a form
of nourishment abundant m tonic properties,
Scott's brings strength to the body, through nourish
ment that is felt in every part. If inclined to be
nervous, the logical answer isScott's Emulsion.
Gcott Bowne. Bloom tirld, N. J. S-Jg
1
Copper Qlieen Hotel and High-Class Cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. .Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month. $45.00
HENRY FOITEN, MANAGER FIVfc
f
THE B1SBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17,. 1919.
s
s
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
issue, with a minimum charge of 2a cents. Advertisements mutt reach
The Review office not later than 8 p. m. for insertion the next morning.
Male Help Wanted
WANTED Steady boy.
Dye Works.
WAXTKD Live solicitor.
Rock studio. Tombstoue canyon. 866 j
Female Help Wanted
WANTED A young girl
work, part of day only.
for house
I'hone 649. j
943
WANTED Chambermaid. Apply Cop
per Queen hotel. 937
WANTED Girl for housework, stay 1
nights. Box 1430, Bisbee. 959 i
Positions Wanted .
: AX GIRL Will care for chil- i
evenings.
Box 1032, Bisbee. ! FUR RriTvi 1 wo lurnisnea nouse
967 j keeping j-oonis. Mrs. Maffio, 89
. ' Brewery avenue. 963
WANTED Position as maid, also
take bundle work home. All work
guaranteed. Phone 41,2. Daisy Gar
land, colored. S"0
WANTED Day work by lady.
Black 604.
Phone
&37
For Sale
FOR SALE-Will sell my household
goods, five rooms complete, fumed
oak and of A-l quality, if taken as
they stand. Buyer has privilege of
renting house, one of best in city
and very desirable location, garage
with house. Address, G. E. N., care
Review. . dh-tf
FOR SALE 12 room apartment house '
compietely furnished. Price reason
able. 163 Opera Drive. Phone Blue
711. 942
FOR SALE My ranch and stock :
farming tools. My stock consists of i
dairy cows, two mules, one horse,
one of the finest cattle ranches tn
the county, open range and relin
quishment of 640 acres of land, tome
of it under cultivation. Buy stock
and improvements wi'.l relinquish
land. Reason for selling fortunes of
war. Will sell cheap if taken at
once. L. A. Engle, Box 1752. 941
i
FOR SALE Five passenger Buick.
little six. See Shideler on tire jitney !
service. aoa i
95S i
FOR SALE Five room house with
bath, pantry and wash house. Apply
Mr. Gilbert, 50 Laundry hill. 5S5
FOR SALE Cheap, my home, orch
ard Weil, garage, lot 150X100, by '
Garlield school, Tombstoue canyon. :
O. G. Kirthner. 913 j
FOR SALE 1918 model "8S" Over-1'
land, cheap. See Gates, room 4S, j
Lowell hotel. 909
FOR SALE Four rooms of good furn-'
iture, almost new, for half price.
Leaving town. Call at South Bisbee
store. 912
FOR SALE Gas range, cheap. In
quire Laundry hill, Higgius house,
No. 2. 910
FOR SALE Overland 'six." seven
passenger, run 4Soo miles, new ba;-
teries and magneto. Will trade for
roadster. H. F. M., care Review.
874
FOR SALE French
Ozark.
range.
Apply
873
FOR SALE Prospect 21 per cent cop
per for $10oo. Call at Sunset house.
City. !H4
FOR SALE-Six room house, furn-. SCECOX1) HAND CLOTHES Bought. bee, conditioned for the faithful per
ished or unfurnished. Large garage ; phcue 739 CJ Dye Work m formance of dciivery. if accepted by
FOR SALE Furniture for five, room
house. 62 A Brewery Gulch.
8S4
FOR ALE-Kentucky sorghum iuo- j
lapses, at G. O. Branson's, 'Johnson !
addition. Just arrived. So-a
J 7.
FOU SALE Nicely furnished four
room modern house in .Warren. j
Terms, $1000 cash, balance terms.
Box 792, Warren. S3S
FOR SALE OR RENT 160 acres of
land 011 Naco road, near Don Luis.
Five room house, all necessary out
buildings in good repair; also furni
ture for sale. Extra good quality,
same as new. Will acritite lor im
mediate sale. J. II. King, P. O. Box
SoS. Phone fe'C-F-ll. s:i
FOR SALE 160 acres
01 potante
ground, lots of water. Four room
house and fence. Sulphur Spring !
valley. Apply P. O. Box 16s5. 80S j
tuii fcAL.fc t urmiure lor .'l rooms,
five two-room apartments, 14 sleep-'
ing rojius. in S'ar Williams rooming
huubc, opposite city park on Brew-1
try avi nue. Mrs. George N. Wolie. !
bo9 i
FOR SALE Four room modern!
house, screened-in porch and sleep-j
ing porch, good well, large lev.-li
ground with 20 fruit trees, chicken I
ards and houses, parage and ware-:
hous located Tombstone canyon,!
desirable location. See Gus Huigler,
the M.iin :,t:e.t real estate man.
2i;
FOR SALE - Sevn room modern j
house, with baili, sleeping porch,!
lar:.e cement porches, two wells.;
water system installed, lor house 1
and garden purposes, large level ioz,'
Karate for two cars, orchard of tjii s
fruit trees. This is a choice loi a-'
lion iu Tombstone canyon, riyhl 011 j
the car hup. For price and terms ,
se; Guk llaigler. hr Ma ui street
real estate 111.111, opposite pos.oflii e.
27:i '
l-'Olt SALK -Fold linniiu car. A 1
t-oudilioii. Price $l.'ii. Terms ar-i
ranged Afplj Kind parage, Jnhu-
sou uduiliuu. 747
For Sale
Apply Ciiy,ru,t oALiC I wo lots on vregun
ju I street, one on Chicago avenue, Lo-
! j .. well, Johnbon addition, each 30xC0
Old Castle ! feet. Address M. J. Greenan, Oak
land, Calif, General delivery- S
FOU SALE Uncalled for suits.
Levin, Lowell, Ariz.
M.
S97
FOR SALE One four room house
and cabin furnished, beautiful
yard. Terms. Hogan & Seed. 247
FOR SALE Four-plate Dangler gas
range, good as new. P. O. Box 21S6.
for SALE Prospect 21 per cent cop-
per tor $1000. Call at Sunset house.
i city. 859
i Fnr Ron!
" " "
FOR RENT Two room furnished
apartment, cement house, back of El
Paso house. 965
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. Apply next to Hayes house,
j Tombstone canyon. 971
FOR RENT Furnished room for one
or two gentlemen. 157 Opera Drive.
968
FOR RENT Three furnished house-
keeping rooms. 188 Naco road, op
posite Holbrook slop. Phone Blue
562. 917
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms partly furnished. Holbrook
stop, 187 Naco road. 991
FOR RENT Three furnished rooms.
103 Mason hill. Phone 736. 944
FOR RENT Furnished rooms. Elliott
flats. Clawaon hill, close In. 957
FOR RENT Four furnished rooms.
78 Quality hill. 939
FOR RENT Furnished room, suit
able for one or two gentlemen. 169
Art hill. Laundry stop. 940
FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms. 1SS Naco road, op
posite Holbrook stop. Phone Blue
652. 917
Ff)R rkxt Four rooms
and
bath,
L. R.
860
ri diiHmn
Allen, Locklin avenue.
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms,
Branson block, Johnson addition.
No children. - 786
,,nR HrvTJ.r,. nffi rnnm rH
location. Apply to M. C. High, real
estate. Office, Allen block. 575
To Lease
TO LEASE Nine room house, good
location, on car line, Bisbee. Wal
lace Agency. 992
Miscellaneous
PHILLIP DOFFMAN, THE TAILOR
Ladies' and gents' suits . to order,
made in my own shop. Have a nice
collection in
goods and trimmings.
No. 8 Allen block
Phillip Doffman.
962
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
From $2 up. All corsets carefully
fitted. Ines Warburton, next Ari
zona Grocery store, upper Main. 433
WRITE TO "Y. MS C. A. School. Los
Angeles," about Auto. Radio. Com
mercial and Engineering courses,
Train for service. 268
; BUNDLES OF OLD PAPERS At the
Review office. Large bundles, price
! 25c.
Lost
LOST Bunch of keys. Return to Box
lull. City. Reward. 945
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per
sonal note to salaried men and vo
mer, also on furniture.' Cox Loan
company. Room 7, Sparks Kline
building. 166
Wanted
WANTED TO RENT Ford touring
caf?or truck body or other light car.
Will rent lor several mouths at $45
per month. Address Box "C," or
Phone .246. . 915
WANTED Clean cotton rags. Review
Job department. dh-tf
WANTED Furnished house or apart
ments, about January 21. No chil
dren. Address Box 1 S., Review. 964
WANTED By young married couple,
without children, a four or five room
furnished house in Warren. Phone
792 869
WE WANT SALES REI'RESENTA-
TIVES IN EVERY TOWN IN ARI- of Cochise, State of Arizona.
ZONA -We prefer men who have I Estate of William Gcrstenberg, de
sold sioik. insurance, real estate, : ceased. Notice is hereby given by the
books, or who have had nu sales ex- undersigned, administrator ot the
pcriciue but 'would like to develop estate of William Crrstonbers. tie
into sai'-sineii. We train every ap-1 reused, to the creditors of and all pcr
pli. ant accepted and provide a sjs-'sons having claims against the sitid
tern th;il will enable anyone who deceased, to exhibit, with the ueces
works to make from J75 to $1511 per sary vouchers within ten ( 1) months
week. Position permanent. In up-1 after the first publication of this no
plying slate age, past business expc-1 tier to the said administrator at the
ri nee. number of years you have 1 olf ice of Hon. Fred Sutter, attorney
li.ed ill cominiiiiii y, and references.
Address in con fide lice, Kane Mftt.
company, lii.ii L. I". Si:iith huildiiiK.
Seattle. Wash hS!
Legal Notices.
ADVERTISEMENT FOR BIDS
i'.ids be id lived by the Coin-:
iuo:; Council of tuu City of liisbce, j
FEELS TWENTY
YEARS YOUNGER
Can Walk a Mile Now Where
Before Taking Tanlac
Couldn't Go 2 Blocks
"Since Tanlac has relieved me and
built me up so much, I feel 20 years
younger," said Mrs. W. B. Lapsley,
who resides at West 2115 Eleventh
avenue, Spokane, Wash., recently.
"I had suffered from stomach trou
ble," she continued, "until I had be
come almost a nervous wreck and un
able to do my housework and look
after my children. My stomach was
so weak and upset that 1 could hardly
retain a thing I would eat, I lived
for days at a time on nothing but
boiled milk and poached eggs, and half
the time they failed to agree with me.
I was kept on a diet all the time, and
my stomach was pumped out nearly
every day, but this nor anything else
did me any good. I was advised that
a higher altitude might help me, so
I took a trip to the mountains in
Canada, but came back home just as
bad oft as when I left. What I ate
would sour on my stomach, and the
gas formed by it would bloat me up
terribly. Sometimes my heart would
palpitate like some one beating with
a hammer, and then stop suddenly and
keep still so long that I thought I
would never draw another breath. My
back, over my kidneys, hurt me dread
fully and at times my left side pained
me until I could hardly stand it. I
was constantly taking something to re
lieve constipation and was almost
trantic at times with headaches, and
was so nervous that sleep was al
most impossible for me.
"Now, this is just the condition I
was In when I began taking Tanlac
and I commenced to pick up with my
first bottle. It was only a short time
until I was eating most anything I
wanted. I can now eat all kinds of
vegetables or anything else I want,
witnout the least bit of trouble from
it. My headaches and pain is all gone
and I have already gained ten pounds
in weight. I sleep like a child every
night and have so much more strengtu
and energy that I can walk a mile,
where before I took Tanlac 1 couldn't
walk two blocks without being all
tired out. Tanlac has not only helped
me, but my husband, who has been
trouble with his stomach for a good
many years, is not taking it with just
as good results. Some of my neigh
bors are also taking It on my recom
mendation, so you can see what I
think of it. 1 am thankful enough tor
what it has done for me to tell every
body about it."
Tanlac is sold in Bisbee by J. M.
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug com
pany, in Paradise by G. A. Walker, in
tiowie by Bowie Drug company, in San
Simon by J. B. Cooke, in Wilcox by
A. A. Nicholson, in Lowell by Lowell
Drug company, in Benson by C. F.
Moss Pharmacy, in Gleeson by B. A.
Taylor, in Warren by Warren Pharm
acy, in Pearce by B. A. Taylor, in
Tombstone by Boyd's Drug store, and
in McNeal by McNeal Mercantile com
pany. Arizona, at a meeting to be held at
1 ho I'itv Hall thereof, on the 21st day
po januarri io, at the hour of 7:30
o'clock P. M., for the following: One
24 ton truck with hydraulic steel
dump body, traiier attachment, with
cover over driver's seat, double chain
or worm drive, with wheel base of
from 120 to 144 incites, to be decided
by the Council. Also bids for one
small auto roadster.
A'.l bids must be accompanied by
certified check in the sum of not less
U&an 1" Pf centum of the bid, pay
able to the Mayor 01 the city or 111s-
i the Common Council, and must be
filed with the City Clerk by 5 o'clock
P. M. on said date. The Common
Council reserves the right to reject
any and all bids.
Dated this loth day of January,
1919.
JACOB ER1CKSON.
Attest: M. L. BUTLER. ' Mayer.
, City Clerk. 853
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
In the Superior Court in the County or
Cochise, State of Arizona.
Estate of Milo S. Frankovich, de
ceased. Notice is hereby given by the
undersigned, administratrix of the
estate of Milo S. Frankovich, de
ceased, to the creditors of and all per
sons having claims against the said
deceased, to exhibit them, with the
necessary vouchers within four t4)
months afte'r the first publication o:
this notice to the said administratrix
at the office of Hon. Fred Sutter, at
torney at law, Bisbee, Arizona, the
jsame being the place for the transac
tion of the business of said estate, in
' said County of Cochise.
ETTA M. MED1GOV1CH.
Administratrix of the Etate of Milo S.
Frankovich, Deceased.
Dated this 26th day of December,
1918.
FirM imbrication December 27, 191 S.
I
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
In tho Superior Court in the county
at law. Uislice, Arizona, the same bij
ins the place for the transaction ol
the business of said (slate, in said
County of Coehh e.
P. l lil CK WAI.TMi.
Ailiiiiiii.-liiitor of the L-lale if Wil
liam UersrfiilM'r, Heccased
Hated this JUlh day ot I .eiiuliei'.
P'is.
First publicatiou December -J, 1'JlS.
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW
Ni.Yv" YOItk, Jan. 16. Trading in
r-tocks today opened with indications
ot a continuance of yesterday's broad
er and stronger tendencies, but this
promise was liot fulfilled, the market
soon falling into its dull and contract
ed rut of the past few weeks.
Incidentally, distilling or "whisky"
issues, suffered a sharp reversal co
incident with the news that Nebraska
had gone dry. virtually insuring nation-wide
adoption of the prohibition
amendment.
Substantial gains of the morning
in such speculative shares as Mexi
can Petroleum and Texas company
were swept away later, rails, how
ever, making moderate recoveries,
while shippings. Pacific Mail except
ed, developed marked strength.
More consistent strength was shown
by such specialties as tobaccos and
leathers, these being at their best in
the final dealings, when the balance
of the list was inclined to yield. Sales
amounted to 475,000 shares. The only
noteworthy change in the local mone
tary situation was a slight reduction
of time rates, tall loans remaining
firm.
Liberty bonds, especially first and
second 4s, were strong, and interna
tionals also hardened, but domestic
rails and industrials eased.
Total sales, par value, aggregated
$10,350,000. Old United States bonds
were unchanged on call.
e
METAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 16. Lead Dull;
spot oifered at $5.S7; January, $5.75.
Spelter Dull; spot East St. Louis
delivery offered at $7.35; January,
$7.30.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 16. Cotton
closed steady at a net advance of 25
to 62 points.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Jan. 16. United States
I government offers to sell wheat to
domestic millers had an evident bear
ish effect at times today on corn,
especially after reports attracted at
tention that the flour market was
glutted. Prices closed unsettled,
cent net lower to 1 cent advance with
! February $1,334 to $1.3."Rs and May
j ll.28s8 to $1.2S',s. Oats finished i
off to U up, and provisions varied
from 7c decline to 75c gain.
Corn started weak, men suddenly
bulged, and later underwent setbacks
anew. The downturn at the opening
appeared to be almost altogether to
the action of the government regard
ing wheat. Country offerinirs of corn,
however, were sij meager that bearish
views concerning the significance of
the government wheat policy seemed
to be much mere than offset. Never-
j theless, toward the end of the session,
, houses that had been conspicuous
buyers took energetically to the sell
ing side.
Oats simply followed corn.
Provisions averaged higher owing
largely to firmness of the hog market
and to the scantiness of the supply ,
of ribs here. !
Clcsing quotations January 16, 1919.
(L. J. Overlock, Broker)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda 60 4
Amn. Can 4SU
Amn. Car 90:,h
Amn. Smelters 734
Amn. Loco 604
Baldwin 73'
Beth. B 57
C. & O 55
C. F. tc I 36
Canadian Pacific 157'
Central Leather 59
Crucible 5S
Distillers 51
Erie 16"-
Goodrich 614
General Moicrs '. 125 -
Ind. Alcohol M0't
Marine 2
Marine pfd 104
Mid vale '. Z7
Mexican Petroleum lS:;t
N. Y. C 74
Northern Pacific 92' 4
Reading 797g
Rubber 764
Republic Steel 72'lg
StuJebaker 50'i
Steel 92!4
St. Paul 394
Southern Pacific 99"'s
Sinclair Oil 354
Texas Oi: 1934
Union Pacific 18
U. S. M 44
United Motors 354
Westingiiousc 41
BOSTON.
Adventure 85
Allouez 434
Alaska 4
At. Cotnl 114
Butte A. Superior 1S'4
C. & A 60
HERE'S QUICK RELIEF FOR
YOUR TIRED, STRAINED MUSCLES
When your m'lsclri Income tired and
fT.-oMcn aiul the jiinls lccomc stiff,
vour circulation poor, and your sutler
in: nia!:i s you irrit.inlf, an application
rf H mi's Liniment fives you quirk
Hicf kills p.'"". slarts tip a gool
circulation, r.-licvcs congestion. It is
ra.-icr ard cleaner to ue than musy
piasters or ointments, acts qui kly and
elms not clog the pores. It does not
stain the skin.
LEASED WIRE
C. Range 42
Chino ... 33s
Chile 17s
E. Butte 9H
Granby 80
G. Can 44'i
Goldfield 35
Hull 0
Howe Sound 4
Hecla 44
Hancock 54
Inspiration 444
Kennecott 324
Lake 44
I -a Salle . 2?
Miami 24 V4
Mohawk 55
Mayflower 24
X. Butte 11
Nip ... 84
Old Dom 35
Osceola 51
Pond Ck 134
Quincy 60
Ray Here 5
Shattuck 13Vi
Shannon 3
Superior Boston 24
St. Marys 43
Utah Copper 72l4
Utah Cons 84
Winona . 100
CURBS.
A. & A 11
Ariz. Sil. King 4
Art. Ming
Big Ledge "i
Butte & London 16
Cal. & Jer 4
Cornelia 164
Con. Copper 57
Con. Ariz. 14
Cosden 74
Cresson Gold 5
Denn 1 17
Dundee 100
Emma 4
Federal Oil 24
Gadsden 3
Green Monster 4
Grand Island 18
Hull 40
Hecla 4
Howe Sound 4
Iron Cap 16
J. Verde 4
Magma Copper 26
Magma Chief '4
Miami Con 5
Okmulgee 24
Porphyry 70
Ray Here 34
Tom Reed 167
Tuolomne 85
U. Eastern 44
Verde Ex Zi
Wol. Ariz 24
White Caps 16
OATMAN.
(Ty Collins A Bretherton.)
Aii'o 06
Adams 02 .03
Arizona Rex .15
Ariz-Tom R 03
Bis Jim Con 06 .07
Boundary Cone ."2
Gold Ore 03 .04
Gold Road Bon 02 .03
Gold Cliff .13
Lucky Boy 05 .06
Sunnyside 05 .06
TelluriJe 11 .14
Tom Reed 1.66 167
United Eastern 4.25 4.37
United Western 02 .04
Red Lion .20
OTHER CURBS.
GadsJen 2.87 3.00
Green Monster 37 .44
Butte London 14 .16
Dundee 87 1.00
Venture Hill 02 .04
Pitts-Jerome 10 .12
Jerome Verde 45 .50
A.k-Arizona 11 . .12
Jerome Portland .17
Ins-Needles "6 .12
Hull Copper 35 .40
Ma-'ina Chief 12 .25
Wolv-Arizona 2.00 2.06
Verde Combination 70 .87
Miami Consolidated 02 .05
Verde Squaw .50
Kay Copper .52
Kacozari Consolidated .40
Con. Cop. Mines 3.75 5.S7
Pi.rphyry 50 .SO
Cal. & Jerome 44 .50
Feather River .12
Unsightly, pimpies and
blemishes on the face are
sure signs that the skin and
blood need the purifying
and strengthening action of
FILLS.
Lanrrtt of Any M.dicin In tha World
bold cvemhrrc. In Boxe. 10c, 25c.
For spr.iini, strain, brulsr. "btacfc
and Hue" spots, Sloan's Liniment re
duces the pain and cases the soreness.
Crrt.iinK fine for rhrumatUm, stift
neck, sciatica, lame back, toothache.
You don't need to rub it penetrates.
Its use is so universal that you'll
consider ifloan's Liniment a friend ot
the whole family. Generous size bottles
at druggists everywhere.
BEECIiMS
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the es
sential facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of
gathering will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
night. Moose Hall.
Visiting brother cor
dially invited.
R, L GLEASON,
Dictator.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10, I. O. O. F.
meets e t r y
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellow?' Hall
Subway street, at 7:20 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
I Hall phone 11U.
FriANK WEBSTER. N. G.
ijSI'ER EUSTACE, Sec'T
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening ot each
month at Odd Fellows HaU. Visiting
sisters are cordially inviteu.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C
Pbone Black 851.
IDA GLAZE. M. ot R. C.
Box 1476
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie!
No. 175, F. O.
., meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, 8 p. m..
Eagles' Hall.
Visitors cor
d t a 1 1 y wel
come. EDWIN OLLERENSHAW. Pres.
F. C. FENDEFSON. Secretary.
C U EDMUNDSON. Aerte Physician
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 896. meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
rich hall. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
F. W. TURNER, Foreman,
Phone Black 491.
P. O. Box 881, Warren.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent. Box 1496.
WEEK ENDING JANUARY IS, 1919.
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
3rd Degree.
THOMAS HARG13, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS. Sec'y F. & A. M.
W. R. BANKS. E. H. P.
N. C. BLEDSOE. T. L M.
J. U POWELL. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
OREADN AUGHT
L. O. U NO. 21a
meets in t O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
invited to at
tend. WM. T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Eox 426. Bisbee.
CITY DYE WORKS
Cleaning 4 Pressing
Phono 739.
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
- MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
Chicken Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED COMFY
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
C H. HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
CK. HOGAN
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
vwv1
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bone Lodge No. u
Knights ot Prima
meet each Tuesday
(except second) in Ode
mi? teiiows nail at t:m
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially Invited.
v
JACK CAIN, C. C.
W. E. McCALLUM. K. of R. S
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalter Ruler
C. W. HICKS, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m , Finnish hall.
D. C. SAXBT, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
OROER OP EASTERN STAR
meets In Masonic hl
Pearl Chapter. No. 6. meet
in Masonic Hall second ant:
fourth Tuesday of eac
month at 7:30 p m
MRS. HELENA RAGSDALE. W. M .
Phone 500.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec. P. O
Box 2.".'9. Chairman Relief Com.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in I O O r
Kali First and Third
Saturdays. V 1 s i t it
brothers welcome.
J. L. BENTON. Councillor.
P. L. WOODMAN. Jr.. Rec. Secy.
FRATERNAL
8 ROTH ER HOOD
T. F. B.
W tto. . J'vl t
ES'-fajsNsH 452 meets the Id
MiauL-W7 7 anu Satui
ur-
th
r Odd Fellows-
Hall. Visiting members cordially in
vited. JULIA POOLE. President.
Phone 278.
GEO. POOLE. Treas, P. O. Box 2229.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Jrg Bisbee Camp No. 1341S
Uedigovich HalL
S. T. MOSS. Consul.
d. F. MATHEWSON.
Clerk.
,1 ,
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. OK ST.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE"
A. OWERS. Mgr., Bakervi!le
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 58.
COLLINS &
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jick Bldg., Main street
Phone 26 Box 1129
i SIX
THE BLSBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1919.
CITY BRIEFS
Has any one visited you? Or have
you entertaineJ? If so, tall The
Review Society Kditor, r.lack f.Sl.
STORK PAYS VISIT.
Born to Mr. and Mrs. Q. Cramer
of Johnson addition, yesterday, a son.
MRS. HUBBARD ILL.
Mrs. Waller Hubbard was ill yester
day, being confined to Iter bed by a
bilious attack.
BACK FROM TOMBSTONE.
AUie W. Howe spent yesterday in
Tombstone on business, returning last
evening.
GOES TO TOMBSTONE.
I. C. E. Adams, chairman of the
county board of supervisors, will go to
Tombstone today on official buslnes.
O'KAIN IS ILL.
George O'Kain, fireman for the Kl
Paso Southwestern railroad on a
local switch engine, is 111 with tonsi
litis. BACK TO GLEESON.
L. I. Thiers, a well known resident
of Gleeson, returned to his home yes
terday after a short business visit
here.
OVER FROM DOUGLAS.
Frank Moreno, manager of the
Penny store in Douglas, was in the
city yesterday on business for several
hours.
OVER FROM CANANEA.
Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Hoffman and
Mrs. Patterson of Cananea, are in the
city, being guests at the Copper Queen
hotel.
RYAN IS BETTER.
J. C. Ryan, county highway engi
neer, who has been sick for several
days with influenza, was much better
last night.
MRS. CHIADO'S FUNERAL.
Funeral services ot .'.Irs. Peter
Chiado, who died Wednesday of in
fluenza, were held yesterday after-
TODAY
Harold Lloyd Comedy
"The City Slicker"
SPECIAL MUSIC
BY GRIBBLE'S
6-PIECE
ORCHESTRA
Ace High b a thriller; it is full of the big humanous, for which the west is justly famous.
It shows the food and bad men and draws the line sharp
WITH ACTION FROM TITLE TO SIZZLING CLIMAX
ADMISSION: Children, 10c; Adults 15c; Reserved, '25c; This includes the war tax.
Lr
To-Day
ONLY!
BYRNE BROTHE
in the
From the stage production that made millions laugh, turned into a tremendous cinema
Success. Also, Fathe Fresents
ALLIES OFFICIAL WAR REVIEW
and a Triangle Comedy
"COURTS AND CABARETS"
Lower floor, 13c, war tax, 2c,
nonn at .1 o' lock on the lawn of the
family home at Warren. The body
was shipped last night to San Dici-o,
where interment will take place.
I
'FIREMAN RECOVERS.
' tleorge Domico, lireman on the Kl j 1-ocal attorneys are getting notices j
Paso ii Southwestern stuh to Osborn,of the calling of the civil jury calendar j
j returned to work yesterday after an , Saturday in Tombstone, when civil :
i illness of several days. cases to be heard during the follow-.
j ing moiiNi will be set for trial. ;
OVER FROM DOUGLAS. j I
George D. Knowles. a member of the I
' Thelps Dodge auditing staff, arrived
lu re yesterday from his headquarters
in Douglas, for a brief stay.
' QUIGLEY QUITE ILL.
! Tom Quigley, a diamond driller at
! the Junction mine of the C. & A. com-
i iianv. is reported to be ouite ill with
'pneumonia at the C. & A. hospital. I
! WOODMAN CIRCLE TO MEET.
j The regular meeting of Copper
' Grove N'o. 2. Woodman circle, will be
held at 7:10 o'clock this evening at
! the Finn hell in Johnson addition.
INFLUENZA VICTIMS.
Two children of Pat Suilivan. chief
! machinist at the Copper Queen ma -
chine shors. are suffering with in -
ifluenza at the family home in War -
i ren.
i CONSULAR AGENT HERE.
! Mr. and Mrs. J. M.Gibbs of Cananea,
: who were registered at the Ooprr
I Queen hotel, have returned home,
.Mr. Gibbs is American consular agent J
j at Cananea.
I '
i RETURN FROM DOUGLAS.
j Jack Rrmsev and Hyde Pray, both I
local engineers on the El Taso iz !
I Southwestern system, returned to the j
I city Wednesday night from a short
j stay in Pouglas.
,
! RELIEVES ENGINEER. '
! R. M. Hooker, engineer on the L"l )
Paso & Southwestern at Douglas, ar-1
I rived in the district yesterday to re-
i lieve Engineer Smith, who is now in j
! Douglas for a few days.
!
TO GET CAR. j
I W. J. Reav of Douglas, was here yes-
' terday to drive a new Studehaker car
I from the Bisbee Auto company's ware-1
i house to the Smelter City. Mr. Reay I
Continuous:! to 11 p. m.
WM.'FOX PRESENTS
-m-
A QUICK ACTION PLAY OF THE ALASKAN
CANADIAN BORDER
nj
ii &
-THEATER
WORLD FILM CORP. PRESENTS
World Famous Comedy Scream
total 15c Balcony 9c, war
Reserved seats 22c, war tax 3c, total
land his partner. Harvey Johnson, are
'agents for the Studehaker in Douglas i
'and will deliver the car to it pur-,
i chaser. !
i
, CIVIL CALENDAR SET.
DOUGLAS WATCHMAN HERE.
Lorenzo Wright, c-l.iei watchman at
the l". & A. smelter in Douglas, ar
lived in the city Wednesday. He has
accepted a position in Benson as cat
lie inspector and will leave si. on for
.'that vicinity.
REPORTED IMPROVED.
KUward A. Hushes, tax assessor at!
Tombstone, who has been suffering
with an attack of influenza, is much
improe.l, according to a telephone'
; message received in the district last !
night by I. W. Wallace. '
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS.
Undelivered telegrams at the West-
' ern Vnion fr the following: Frank
jThcizn. J. R. Sumalt, Tony Krsul, Uo-j
i salio Lopez. Guna Bayestero, Irvie
j Holland, iJuy W. Powell, Mrs. Clara;
! Meyers, Wm. Ostle. j
j BACK TO LOCATE. ' j
i Max Hfrs'chfield formerly a tailor
j here, arrived in the city yesterday,
with his family from Mare Island navy i
yard, where ho has been for several
months. It is his intention soon to-Te-
engage in business here.
NEW PHYSICAL DIRECTOR.
William H. Matthes. better known
as "Doc." is a new physical director
at the Y. M. C. A., .having charge both
of the men's and boys' work. Mr. Mat-
thes is quite popular in the association
d ia a clt'ver all arounJ "Wote
LUTHERAN SERVICES.
The Evangelical Lutheran church of
this district will have itR services this
evening at 7:3U o'clock in the Warren
Red Cross building, across from the
C & A. office. Sermon topie, "The
Duty of Christian Par-nts Toward
Their Children." "We will not hide.
them (the sayings of old) from their
children, sho ing to the generation
TODAY
r
Continuous
From
1:00 to 11:00
P.M.
tax lc, total.
.10c
25c
RS
099
J
to come the pr:'ise of the Lord, a ii
His streni Ih. and lit.-, wonderful work
that He h;:s ,'oi:. :li..t they iniylil
set their hope in Cud. and not foruet
I the works of (,d, l.,il keep his com-
j mandnients." A cordial welcome
awaits you. I'atil Lutzke. pastor, loll
Seventh street, Douglas, Ariz.
RESUMES BUSINESS COURSE.
Miss Florence Wilson of the l'ln-lps
lodge company store in Lowell has
resume;! per st jdi s :n tlie a,:;i.t cut
of the LusiiK
f: s colleue. '1,1 IS !';.".'''
hi tur some fliiie on .h-
not been he!
count of the itifl'.teu.a el iJemic. .ii.:
Wilson experts i t (.siipk ie !;er coaii'
by June 1.
NEW CITY INTERPRETER.
S.un Je.anovi.-h. u brother of I.ee
Juvuuovich, councilman from the first
ward, and chairman of the police i;om
mittee, is acting city court interpreter
of Spanish for the present. It is ex
pected that at the meeting of the coun
cil next Tuesday night the position
will be filled pel .nanently by appuii.t-
mcnt.
RANCH HOUSE DESTROYED.
I'ire of unknown origin Wednesday
afternoon je. trr.yed tin- ho:.sv' and
cont-M'.ls occupied uy ii'i i..steud
in the Sulphur Springs alley. .No
one was in the hou-" at the time of
the fire, which oivufred between 4
:.nd n o'clock, and while not definitely
known, it is ..ei;c". ed a ii'. e canl tro.n
a stove caused the conflagration.
SPEEDERS IN COURT.
C. A. Craig, charged with speeding
his car by Deputy Sheriff John Ryan,
pleaded guilty and was lined. $5 by
Judge James Allison. A similar lir.e
for the same off u-e was assessed by
the court against D. A. Fenwick. C. II.
Wilson, charged with speeding, had
appeared ami been convicted of the
same charge previously and therefore
his fine was placed at f l'J.
VISITS FRIENDS HERE.
Ensign George I!. Shaw of the
I'niteJ States shipping board at Wash
ing!' n, D. ('., i tupned oil' in Pisbee
yestfday to It with Herbert Dun
can, u lornier :c-cciate in California.
Ensign Shaw will leave in a few du.vs
for Washington, where h will be
r:;r.slej-ed out and where h v ill enter
private enterprise which Las already
bee-i opened for him.
19
INSPECT HIGHWAY
An inspection of the work being
done on the Tombstone-Benson road
will be made this week byth high
way commission. One of the import
ant points in the work to be consid
ered by the commisUon is the work
ing of the road through St. David as
well as fiiving attention to the bridse
just out from that town where the
road makes a south turn.
It is expected that the work will
be completed and the road opened
the entire distance from Tombstone to
Henson July 1 although the contra'ct
for the construction of the stretch
through St. David and the Curtis fl.-.t
has not yet been let.
Y. M. C A. INVITES ALL
TO ITS MOVIE SHOW
i The Y. M. C. A. has announced a
j program of motion pictures and music
to be heid in ihe gymnasium c.f the
i buiWias Saturday nil, lit at S o'cloc :.
The general pu'olic is invited, whether
l members of the association or not.
, Children not accompanied by their pa
' rents are not to be admitted.
The entertainment will consist of
five reels of film, including a drama,
' comedv, and educational subjects. Tie-
tween reels there wi'l he a musical
: program.
Try Loganberry
Rffc
The flavor is made from fresh
Loganberries. We use many
berries to make the flavor for a
single Jiffy-Jell dessert.
The flavor comes in liquid form
in a vial. So it gives to Jiffy
Jell a wealth of fresh-fruit taste.
It comes ready-sweetened, and
the cost is slight. A single pack
age serves six people.
Thrre arc ten fiavor. but trr Logan
beiry Ak yotir grocer tor it now.
Try Pineapple fijvor too.
Two Packngea for 25 Cenfa
llfwrCrcw'l
Jiff y -Jell Waukesha, Wisconsin
Kirs. Jones Ishen
VOICE BUILDING, TONE PRO
DUCTION and the ART OF SING
ING. From the beginning to the
highest perfection. Free voice trial.
Jl'hone Crecn 721 for appointment.
RevTailoring
DEPARTMENT
We do our own designing and
cutting, and try on each garment
befol: completed, which assures
a perfect fit. Alterations, c'C'n
ing, pressing and repairing neatly
done.
H. MICHAELS, Tailor,
With Miller Shirt and Hat Shop
Main St., Bisbee
SLACKS ROMP
MAY COME SHORTLY
ALL OVER COUNTRY
Wl-i'.e nmliiiis bi b:i- been re-
(civi.l i:i the office el the eceuity re
corder. Ray 11. Kr'.bs. at Tombstone,
III -iiriiC' illllS l IVeJ by ,r. Kicbs.
..iio ar:ived ;i!e vtsteiuay,
-loui.-l to ihe belief that a i'e;v r .1
MUiidup of , slat k r. i ln'' ii('ei in
lie near liiture. 'I he in.i ruction ve
tfitd by him trom the ntiie oi the
i: ijl'lanl gi-neral in Wasliiauton, i).
v. ere ;o the eilect ti'.at tho hciks
, I ii local boar i of t"ochi-e co.i'ity
v.iu not to be closed Lir six uiontl.j,
L.tt that no oiie niuf-t be allowed ic
S' o." have access to tiieui.
t o.uniry to lornn r procedaie ir. the
letorde. -t i,;liie, Mr. Krebs sai l last
.'! vit. tiie M.oks had been locked and
.-e iled ami not so much as the index
w i;:ll be oiieu hereafter to 'lie pub
lit. N'o one may see any pari of the
r cords of the lct al bo.i-n uiit-ss upon
request of the uoiernor of the state,
ot l!:e tiij itaut :'e:ierar of the I'nited
States.
Tne board is not permit te.l to re
place registration and classification
cards reported lort. The only way
such earns may be replaced will be
by writing to the office ot the adju
tant genual of the I'niteJ States.
y.c. Krebs said his advice to every
:na: between the ages of is and 45
years would be to keep his legisla
tion and classification cards on his
per:;rn at all times as they might be
callei upon to produce then at any
time.
BISBEE BOY SAILS
FOR FRANCE INSTEAD
Instead of being discharged from
ihe ser.iee and returning here to see
his mother, .Mrs. It. A. Wood, a letter
received by her from her son, W. H.
illil;) Wood, yestei day said he was
sailing for France at once on the
I". S. S. Tiger. Mr. Wood had been
statioifd at Norfolk. Va., with the
ratal electricians, which later wa-t
sent but-!; to Norfolk for supplies be
lore starting on the voyage.
The Hisbee youth recently received
a promotion and now is in charge of
the electricians aboard the Tiger. He
is much pleased with the navy and
his particular work in it.
It his leuer he says, in part: '
"Mother: 1 have just gotten every
thing lixeil cp so that we won't have
much trouble whi n we get to sea. I
must tcl! you about my new quarter?.
I have a nice stateroom on the deck
with hot and cold water, writing desk,
lounge, bed. chair, steam radiator,
plenty oi' drawers, large locker and
three electilc lights. I go to bed when
1 please and get up at 7::JU a. m. Our
boa., is 4,')0 feet long."
Mr. and Mr3. Wood were; quite
anxious to welcome their son home
and are greatly disappointed by his:
better, yet ute proud of his promotion. I
The letter said he would be about :
three months on the voyage and side!
trips. While in France he expects to!
collect oouvenirs and pictures. I
THREE CORNERED PLAY
ARRANGED BY CLUBMEN
A three-cornered match between
tennis and golf teams from the Tucson
Country club, the Warren District
Country club and the Douglas Country
club will be held Washington's birth
day in Douglas, it was announced yes
terday. However, plans for the con
test between the golf teams have not
been completed.
The challenge handed the Tucson
tennis team by the Douglas team has
been accepted. The Tucson team is
compost d of James M. Lawton. George
Darnell, E. E. Talmadge, John B.
Wright and Tenney Williams. The
challenge .was tendered by A. B. Pack
ard of the Douglas club and met with
prompt acceptance.
STRIKERS RETURN TO WORK.
Htv Hex iew I,e;tS"d VVirr)
LIMA. Peru. Jan. Id Virtually all
Ihe strikers returned to work this
nu.rr.iim and th" situation is normal.
CENTRAL THEATER ffijjtf
ARTCRAFT PICTURES
The erection of great Army Camps all over the country has brought an element of
much needed romance into many a country girl's life. Johanna never
had a beau and is just dying for one. See her catch ore.
and A TRIANGLE KEYSTONE COMEDY
ANITARIUH SCAMDLES"
Children, 10c; Adults, 20c; Reserved Seats, 30c;
Business Locals
ELACKSMITH COAL
Just unloaded one tar of Ajax
smithing coal, Brophy Carriage com
pany, Lowell. 5B2
ATTENTION. B. P. O. E.
Regular meeting Ilisbee lodge. No.
71. it. I'. O. K., will be held Friday
evening. January 17, li19.
JAMES ALLISON".
Stil Exaited Ruler.
NOTICE '
Elect rii al wiring promptly di;iie. bv
P ('. Lyman. I'hone orders to 4-(t,
llisbee. !!;.
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath, 9S Mason '
Hill, Mr, sou car stop. Phone Blue C47
NOTICE
Mrs W. M. Wittig has opened hair
dressing parlors at her residence on
ilovetand street. Warren, near Green
way school. Full line of Marrinello
preparations. Phone Blue S10. 70
L. L. (JiiEcn sells the' New Edison.
'The rhonograph With a Soul."
ROCKHILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone. - Leaves Bisbee.
OliE NIGHT
i Grand Theal
ONLY! dSluWjf, J
Presenting a Gorgeous Minstrel First Part and Olio
of Novelties. 8 big vaudeville acts 8
60-Feople-60
INCLUDING THE CRACK FIRST CAVALRY BAND
Prices 50c, 75c and $1.00
Scats on sale at the box office, starting Thursday, from
1:00 to 10:00 P.M.
f.'f ,?ur jih ami .m. m i n i m i w pwtu.ajuiii i a iipw.y mm
Grand Theater!
TODAY Continuous, 1:00 to 11:00 TODAY
TRIANGLE FILM CORP. Presents
BELLE BENNETT with
J. BARNEY SHERRY
"The m
A thrilling expose of a
ALSO
A Good
Lower floor 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Balcony 4c, war tax lc, total 5c
CORP. PRESENTS the foremost star of the silent drama
ARY PICKFORD
-IN-
nna
EM
R'sbee Auto company, 7:4" a. m , 1:30
p. m. J'lione fisee 5. Adv.
CARD OF THANKS
We wish to extend to our friends
our sine re thanks for their goodness,
lor their kind words and for their un
tiring helj) ouiine the illness and
deatn of my near liu-diand aud our
brother. Also for the many beauiilul
flowers, the beaiiiifai songs. 'J.il e
wish especially to tl.ant. t.'.e sin :er
and Rev. Kirchhaum for his beautiful
words of tribute to Waldo. Words
cannot express our apprt : iaiion for an
in this hour of sorrow.
MRS. W. W. WATKIXS,
P.ASSKTT WATKIVS.
El.WYN WATKIXS.
I RKWSTEH W ATKINS.
JF'i. W' KIN'S.
fTo HMIVEY WATKINS.
NIGHTS OT COLUMBUS DANCE
At the IVnr.y hall Suul.'ay. J..uary
18. Admis'snn ii. L.ti;'er th - ci j"a 1
the belter. 'JO'I
NOTICE
Conimenciiig Janu.iry 2't I v, : 11 s-il
all groceries at cost iric. Strict y
cash. Coin" in and look at the rites.
!::n C',- iiU F'EV.
Painter and Paper Hanginr. Sigr.s.
C. J. BRANDT
Box 150 27 Ilrcadway. Phone
-in-
aii7T8
Show i
clionjng Day"
Pro - German Charity Ring.
Comedy
list
A Gloom Dispenser j
This includes the War Tax
3
i
, n,, , ,,,,,, .,,, , , 1