I
..
WEATHER
4
COPPER PRICE
Arizona: Friday and prob
ably Saturday, generally fair
and colder.
The average price of copper
for the week ending October
29 was 21.4167 cents.
Full Leased Wire Report of The Associated Press
VOL. 22 No. 260.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
MS
. 4
STATE LABOR
m NT w
END S TODAY
Resolution Passed Providing
For Campaign to Perfect
Organization of Women;
Deportation Is Discussed
FHOENIX, Oct 31. A resolution
providing for "a campaign to perfect
organization of women workers of the
state and another expressing opposi
tion to compulsory arbitration, were
passed here late today at the eighth
annual convention or the Arizona
State Federation of Labor. The dele
gates also adopted a memorial to tha
late John Mitchell, president of the
"United Mine Workers of Amertca,
and decided to contribute S15 a month
toward the education of the minor
children of the late John L. Donnelly,
the first president of the federation.
Donnelly was shot and killed on the
state iair grounds here a few days
ago by Leo Wrignt, formerly of
Lord3burg, N. M. Wright was exon
erated on the ground that he shot
Donnelly In self-defense.
In addition the convention went on
record as favoring the establishment
of a state smelter, to cost not lesa
than 2,500,000, and not more tnan
J5.000.000. This project was spon
sored by Tucson delegates.
The convention met In executive
session most of the afternoon to dis
cuss the Bisbee deportation caseB and
the charge brought against Walter
Boss, a delegate from Miami, that he
had acted as a strikebreaker In the
Globe-Miami district in 1917. No re
port was made In open session on
either of these matters.
A resolution by Secretatry George
D Smith condemning the espionage
law and urging the release of "all
political prisoners," including Eugene
V. Debs, "ail the boys of the I. W.
W.," conscientious objectors, and
Thomas Mooney, convicted of murder
in connection with a bomb explosion
in San Francisco, was hotly discussed
most of the morning. It was finally
returned to the resolutions committee
to be drafted.
The convention will close tomor
row. Riga Bombardment
Injures 78 Citizens
LONDON. Oct 31. The Lettish
press bureau reports that up to Oct.
28 the number of victims taken to
hospitals as a result of the German
bombardment of Riga was 78 men,
women and children, of whom 26 had
died. These figures do not include
many persons killed or wounded by
poisonous shells.
N OKLA. MINERS CALLED OUT
MUSKOGEE, Okla., Oct. 31 Orders
were telegraphed tonight from head
quarters of district number 21, United
Mine Workers of America, here, call
ing upon all miners in Oklahoma,
Arkansas end Texas to obey the
strike call at midnight.
OUTSTANDING IN COAL STRIKE
These are the outstanding facta concerning the coal strike and
what led up to it: 7 '
United" Mine Workers of America, meeting at Cleveland, Sep
tember 23, sounded the first strike alarm by declaring the war
time wage agreement ended on November 1. Executive officers,
charged with the duty of negotiating a new agreement, were or
dered to stand out for three demands, and if not granted, to issue
a strike call for more than 400,000 soft coal miners in 28 states.
These demands were:
A five day working week; a six hour day and a wage Increase
of 60 per cent. At scale conimittee meetings at Buffalo and Phil
adelphia miners and operators threshed over their differences with
out settlement. Representatives of the miners contended that the
demands i were not arbitrary, that the 80 per cent wage Increase
was set as a basis for negotiation; that a six hour day meant actual
time the miners were to work underground. (
The miners insisted on a five day week, they said, because
there was not four days a week the year round for each miner.
They contended by limiting each miner to five days there would
be a more equitable distribution of the work. The leaders denied
that it was the beginning of a nation wide campaign for a shorter
working schedule.
After failure of the two sides to get together the strike order
was issued and Secretary of Labor Wilson, acting by direction of
the president's cabinet, immediately called into conference the
heads of the mining and operating associations. Subsequently the
full scale committees of each were called in and various proposals
were offered and rejected.
The final proposal was made by President Wilson. It sug
gested negotiation without reservation, submission of questions still
In dispute with the failure of negotiation, to arbitration and con
tinued operation of the mines, pending final settlement.
The operators, as set forth in a statement by Secretary Wilson,
accepted the offer In Its entirety; the miners accepted the offer of,
negotiation "and held the other two for consideration later." This,
as explained by Secretary Wilson, abruptly ended the conference.
An appeal to the miners by President Wilson and announce
ment by Attorney General Palmer that the strike would be con
sidered illegal" failed to bring about the rescinding of the strike
order. . .
pf A
M QUIT WORK
DF THE DAY ALTHOUGH STRIKE
ORDER CALLED FOR MIDNIGHT
U. S. Deputies Serve Notice of Restraining Order by District
Court on 84 Leaders of Coal Miners Who Disregard
It and Prepare for What Promises to Be
Hardest Fought Industrial Battle in
the" History of Labor Wars '
INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 31. The
strike of bituminous miners went into
effect tonight with the national
headquarters here of the United Mine
Workers of America silenced by a
restraining order issued today by
Judge A. B. Anderson of the federal
district court. No "last word" or
other messages to the members of
the union could be issued by the ex
ecutive board of "officers of the or
ganization and they only smiled
grimly when this fact was brought
to their attention.
While the strike order was effect
ive at midnight, most of the men who
were following it quit work with the
ending of the day shift. It was
stated several days ago at union
headquarters that midnight of Octo
ber 31 was selected for the official
hour merely because it marked the
beginning of November 1, on which
date the Cleveland convention of the
union had decreed that the war time
wage agreement of the miners should
terminate. At that time also it was
pointed out that comparatively few
mines have been running night shifts.
Deputies of Mark Storen, United
States 'marshal of Indiana, were busy
all afternoon serving notice cf the
restraining order on union officials
who had been missed in the general
roundup at noon when the meeting
of the union's executive board was
invaded by the process servers.
Eighteen of the union leaders were
served. The visits made effect" the
order which C. B. Ames, assistant
attorney general, had presented to
the federal order and which re-j
strained the defendants from issuing
any messages, oral or written, that I
the strike is to be enforced as pre-,
viously announced; from issuing any
further strike order or messages of
encouragement or exhortation and
from distributing any strike benefits.
The order was so sweeping that
Judge Ames explained after its Issu
ance that it would prevent any of the
men named in the bill from address
ing mass meetings.
The petition by the government,
upon which the order -was based,
charged that the union men were
conspiring to limit the facilities for
the production of coal and to restrict
the supply, and distribution of the
fuel. The writ accordingly command
ed them to refrain from continuing
the alleged conspiracy.
The petition emphasized that the
WITH ENDING
suit was based upon a war time act
by which the government was given
control of the fuel and food supplies
of the country and also pointed out
that the strike would cause cessation
of transportation and thus throw
back upon the public treasury the
burden of paying the guaranteed . in
comes which the government con
tracted to pay the railroads when
it took control of them. It was also
brought out that the act in question
specifically provided that it was to
continue in force until the end of
thft state of the war had been pro
claimed by the president.
Meanwhile organized labor leaders
showed signs of taking up cudgels
on a general issue over the right to
strike.
President Gompers of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor, with Vice
President Wool and Secretary Morri
son, protested as a delegation to At
torney General Palmer against the
government's action In issuing the
injunction and predicted that it could
"only result in creating new and
more disturbing issues which may -not
be confined solely to the miners."
Heads of the great railway broth
erhoods also conferred with the at
torney general but disclaimed that
they did more than offer their ser- j
vices to Intervene.' Attorney General!
Palmer emphasized to the labor lead-j
ers that the government's injunction
was in no wise an Infringement of j
the workingman's right to strike, but j
that it was a lawful process against !
a calamity to ihe country. He point
ed out that the injunction had been
issued for the government acting for
all the people and not for the em
ployers acting in conflict with their
employes.
The attorney general ? declined to
predict what would be done if the
miners ranea to neea me ieaerai t
court's order, pointing out that the
court itself initiates means to deal
with those who disregard its man
dates. All day long the government con
tinued steadily taking measures to
deal with the practical as well as the
legal phase of the crisis.
President Wilson by executive or
der fixed maximum prices of soft
coal.
Altogether 84 leaders "of the big
coal miners' union were named in
the restraining order. Federal mar
shals here were given names of 25
men to serve in Indianapolis and
reached 18 of them, as follows:
John L. Lewis, acting president;
Wm. Green, secretary-treasurer; Per
cy Tetlow, statistician; Ellis Searles,
editor of the Mine Workers' Journal;
John Wilkinson, district president of
district No. 21, Muskogee. Okla., and
the following members of the execu
tive board: John O'Leary, Pitts
burgh; A.'R. Watkins, Yorkville, O.;
M. J. Fern', Hazelton, Pa.; Lawrence
Bramlet, Diamond, Ind.; J. J. Mates,
Williamstown Pa.; W. D. Van Horn
Terre Haute, Ind.; Samuel Ballan
tyne, Boone, la,; Frank Walters, Jel
llco, Tenn.; Wm. Dalrymple McAles
ter, Okla.; Hugh McLeod. Acme,
Wyo.; George Baker, Central City,
Ky.; Andrew Steele Novinger, Mo.;
G. L. Peck,. Pittsburgh, Kansas.
In addition to these men the order
named all pther 'executive board
members, district presidents and sec
retaries of the various districts, in
cluding officials of anthracite and
Canadian districts, unaffected by the
strike.
U. OF A. WINS. !
MESILLA PARK, N. M., Oct. 31. '
The University of Arizona football
eleven defeated the New Mexico Ag-j
ricultural college here today, 33 to 0.
The fast Arizona men had the Aggie3
at their mercy throughout and were
never in danger. The visitors showed
excellent team work and played a
snappy game. j
REDS DRIVE OFF ENEMY
LONDON. Oct 31. A Bolshevik
communication issued Friday and re
ceived here this afternoon says:
"An artillery duel between our bat
teries and enemy ships In the Gulf of
Finland resulted in the enemy being
ditve off."
WALKOUT---DESPITE
Steel Strikers
Are Offered Aid
By Unions
PITTSBURGH, Oct. 31.
Promises of financial aid
came to steel strike .head
quarters here today from
Altoona, Pa., where it was
said 29 local unions had
recommended that each
member give one clay's pay
for the support if the strike
and that one-half of the
money at present in each
local union's treasury, avail
able for such purposes, be
given out at once to the
national steel strike com
mittee. Delegates from many
counties in the state arrived
tonight for a special con
vention of the Pennsylvania
Federation of Labor which
will be held tomorrow and
Sunday. Included in the
500 delegates expected at
the meeting were, it was
announced, some 200 min
ers representing the five
districts of the United Mine
Workers in the state.
Two Senators Advance Pro
posals That Final Roll Call
Be Taken Next Week;
Lodge Would Settle Ques
tion Nov. 12
WASHINGTON, Oct. 31. Formal
negotiations for an early final vote
on ratification of the German peace
treaty were launched today in the
senate.
Proposal that a finaf roll call be
taken Wednesday, November 12, was
made by Chairman 1Lodge of the for
eign relations committee, while Sen
ator Hitchcock of Nebraska, the ad
ministration leader, presented a
counter proposal to limit to fifteen
minutes each senator's debate on all
questions beginning next week but
without proposing a definite date for
the ratification vote.
Both proposals, submitted formally
in writing, went over without discus
sion until Monday, the senate ad
journing tonight until Monday with
out reaching a vote on any of the
pending amendments. Confidence of
acceptance by all Republicans of his
plan to dispose of the treaty on Nov.
12 was expressed tonight by Senator
Lodge prior to his departure for a
week-end trip to his home in Boston.
Senator Hitchcock and other Demo
crats indicated they would stand on
the plan to curtail the debate with
out agreement upon a definite voting
date. Limitation of debate, the ad
ministration forces feel, would secure
a final vote early in November.
TOWN FALLS
LONDON, Oct. 31. The capture of
Petropavlovsk from the forces of Ad
miral Kolchak by the Bolshevikl Is
claimed in a wireless dispatch re
ceived from Moscow today. The dis
patch says the town fell Thursday.
LEGION TO SELL
PRODUCE TODAY
The local post of the American
Legion will receive another ship
ment from the, Gila river valley
this morning, and will sell It at the
fire house, opposite the E. P. & S.,
W. depot. Th'e shipment will in
clude 60 one-half gallon Jars of
honey, at $1.50 a Jar; five dozen
chickens at 40 cents a pound; 1000
pounds of apples at four pounds
for 25 cents: and probably 600
pounds of butter at about 65 cents
a pound.
IS SUGGESTED
IMERY OF GOVERNMENT IS
STARTED AND PROTECTION TO
MINERS AND PUBLIC ASSURED
Troops Rushed to All Coal Fields to" Prevent Disorder Where
Men Are Willing to Work; Fuel Administration
'Prepares to Allocate Distribution; Gompers
Says Interference Will Not Stop
Strike; Create Unrest .
WASHINGTON, Oct. 31. The big
news in the coal strike situation to
day was the federal court's order for
bidding the walkout. It was followed
b a long line of developments and
opened the door to wide possibilities.
, The principal leaders in the miners'
union met the court's action with de
nunciation as a "violation of constitu
tional rights," declarations that it
came too late to reach their men with
a countermanding order, and with
predictions that it would be disre
garded any way.
During the night mixed reports
were coming in from the mining
states of men who decided to remain
at work and others who went on
strike despite the court's restraining
order. It is not possioie to estimate
what proportion of the 425,000 miners
affected remain at work, and what
proportion walked out. The real test
may not come until Monday. Satur
day generally is a ' dead" day In the
mines.
Fuel Administrator Garfield re
stored the war orders which win give
the railroad administration the power
to seize coal in transit and divert it
to consumption In accordance with a
preference list arranged with the idea
of doing the greatest good ror the
greatest number.
The machinery of the railroad ad
ministration through which the acts
of the fuel administration will be car
ried out, was put ready for function
ing. United States troops egan arriving
in some of the mining districts, ready
to take part in keeping order and
protecting those miners who wished
to continue at work, 'me extent and
full nature of the troop movements
were not disclosed, but it was appar
ent that the war department was act
ing on a carefully worked out plan to
be ready if the local or state authori
ties, reinforced by federal deputy
marshals, were unequal to the situa
tion. , Congress continued to show its
tenjper and the house, amid speeches
or denunciation of an attempt to
paralyze the country, unanimously
passed the senate resolution pledging
support to the administration in its
measures to deal with the emergency.
Samuel Gompers, speaking tonight
for organized labor, declared the In
junction In the coal strike case "can
only result In creating new and more
disturbing Issues which may not be
confined solely to the miners."
The statement. Issued Jointly by
Mr. Gompers, Vice President Woll
and Secretary Morrison, of the federa
tion, after they had protested to At
torney General Palmer against the
action of the federal court at Indian
apolis, follows:
"Throughout the period of the war
and during the nation's time of stress
the miners of America labored pa
tiently, patriotically and arduously in
brder that the principles of freedom
and democracy might triumph over
the forces of arbitrary authority, die
tatorship and despotism.
"When armed hostilities ceased last
November, the . miners found them-
f selves In the paradoxical position
where their Intensive labors were be-j
, ing used to further enrich the owners '
j of coal mines and merchants dealing
in coal, by the Immediate reduction of i
the mining of the coal. Of course the i
mine owners readily conceived that
an over abundance of mined coal j
would seriously disturb the high
prices of. coal and endanger their
large margin of profits.
"On the other hand, the miners
found that with the constantly rising
cost of necessities of life and with
tbeir Income reduced over 50 per cent
because of idleness, that they had
reached the limit of human endura
nce. Orderly and Improved processes
were Invoked to negotiate a new
undet standing with the mine owners
and which would enable the miners to
work at least five days during each
,weelc throughout the entire year, and
'allow them a wage sufficient to en
able them to live In decency and free
q
from the pressing uncertainties of
life.
"In attempting to negotiate this
new understanding and relations, the
mineis found that their plea for con-'
tlnuous employment would destroy
the mine owners' arrangement to cur-
t.- ij ii rj la it n i n q t 11 11 ii ii i
in., i.. muting oi coaj so as to con-1 auspices of the American Flying club
tinue exploiting the public with high j two others tonight we.-e still prepar
and exorbitant prices. jng to finish, For their benefU it
"The mine owners very cleverly! was announced that control stations
met the issue by appearing willing ' would be held open for them al
j and anxious to negotiate, but only if
the miners would first throw aside
the only power at their command to
gain a respectful consideration and a
fair hearing the right to strike when
ever it was demonstrated fair deal-1 and return. He piloted a DH-4 ma
Ings did not prevail." chine and covered the 5400 miles ia
CHICAGO. Oct. 31.-Bituminous!thett!,n of 67,: 03:40 Bp?ttime
coal fields or the nation tonight were: Vent t0 Capt Alex' Pearson- 80 far as
in the trrin of .triir Cff,-,. computed, with 54:37:16. The eight
midnight, which leaders of the union
miners declared already had been
more than 394. COO of their members
out of the works to remain out until
the strike should be settled. Thou
sands more cf the miners, whose
whole number is roughly placed at
500.000, would be oat tomorrow, they
said.
The men already on strike, the
leaders reported, were those who had
left the mines today, takins? their
tools with them. Reports from the i
soft coal fields were incomplete to-j
night and even the union leaders
agreed they would await tomorrow
before being able definitely to know
the number of men who had obeyed
the strike call. But in almost every
instance the miners' spokesmen as
serted that the tieup of the mines
would be virtually complete although
the unions, will leave a sufficient
number of men in the mines to man
the pumps and keep the property in
shape for resumption of work when
the strike shall . be ended. Some
union leaders refused to talk on ac
count of the restraining order issued
at Indianapolis.
Reports to the union leaders to
night indicated that the bulk of the
miners in the great producing re
gions of Pennsylvania. West Virginia.
Ohio, Illinois, Iowa, Kentucky, Colo
rado Kansas Montana and Wyoming
had left the mines at the close of the
day shift to remain on strike.
But with the strike officially start
( Continued on page 3)
IS YOUR CHILD DEFECTIVE?
If so, whose fault is it? If not, do you want your normal child to
associate for hours every day with the defective children of others? A,
vital question. has arisen in the Warren District, one which affects pres
ent happiness and future citizenshijp. If you are a father or mother,
or if you take a just pride in your community, read the article on condi
tions of health in the Warren District public schools in tomorrow's Sun
day Review. It will make you THINK.
Also in Tomorrow Review:
AN UP-TO-DATE SURVEY of the trend of modern religious thought.
NEWS OF THE LOCAL CHURCHES.
A LIVE WIRE ILLUSTRATED SPORT PAGE.
AN AUTO PAGE of interest to every car owner or prospective pur
chaser. WOMAN'S WORLD everything from fashions and fiousehold to
politics and domestic science, in which the many-sided modern matron
or maid, wife or mother, is interested.
SOCIETY covering interetsing and fashionable events of the entire
district.
SCIENCE, POLITICS. ECONOMICS AND ART Illustrated articles
by world famous experts, from the Review's special feature service.
HEALTH DEPARTMENT ask Uncle Sam anything you want to
know on this subject and he will answer you through the Review.
WHAT SHOULD YOUR HUSBAND BE LIKE? Read what Warren
District women say regarding the ideal husband.
THEY'RE OFF! Read the news of the El Paso to Phoenix road
race, with complete list of entries.
ARMISTICE DAY Read how the district Is planning the greatest
celebration in its history on the anniversary f the day the kaiser lovi
ered his colors.
NEWS -OF THE ARIZONA STATE FAIR.
STATE NEWS Teleqraphic specials from all parts of Arizona.
NEWS OF THE NATION AND THE WORLD The Review ccrr'es
the full Associate Pr5s leased wire report.
And Many Other Features
Including columns of live local news, notes of the Y. M. C. A. n
Y. W. C. A., of clubs, schools, building and business activity; local "d
itorials on live Issues; Peoy's Diary In Bisbee; jests that will make you
laugh, cartoons, comics, and good things too numerous to mention.
The Review Is sparing no expense within Its means to make !t3 Sun
day issue the livest, snappiest, most attractive and most comprehensive
Sunday paper In Southern Arizona. You cannot afford to be without
EIGHT FLIERS
U.S.
Three More Complete 5402
Derby Which Officially
Ended Yesterday; Capt. A.
Pearson Makes Best Time
CHICAGO, Oct. 31 When sun
down tonight had officially ended the
5402 mile twice transcont inftitul' air
race which began Oct. 11. eight fly
ers had reached their goals in tlie
greatest aerial endurance journey
ever made. Three of them finishwt
today.
Sixty-two aviators started from
Mineola. N Y.. and San Francisco,
the majority of them dropping out
of the race because Of broken or de
fective machines, adverse weather
conditions and accidents, in whkh
seven men were killed.
Besides the eight who succeeded in
the test which was directed bv ihe
war department and held u&drr tha
though they are out of the contest
Lt. B. W. Maynard, the Baptist
minister who was known as "the fly
ing parson," won the distinction cf
being first to fly across the continent
flyers who finished the race were in
order of reaching their destinations:
Lt. Maynard, Capt. J. O. Donaldson,
Capt. Lowell H. Smith. Capt. Alex.
Fearson, Lt. Earl Manzelman Lt.
Col. H..E. Hartney. Lt. R. M. Bygby
and Lt. R. S. Worthington.
Lieutenants Hartney, Pagby ond
Worthington completed the race to
day, Hartney landing at Mineola at
3:55 p. m., eastern time, and was
followed in three " and a half min
utes by Bagby. Lieutenaul Worth
ington finished at San Francisco at
2:09 p. m., Pacific time. He Has the
last of the 15 flyers who started
from Snn Francisco to remain in 'he
race.
Pleads Guilty to
Storage Violation
' MILWAUKEE. Wis.. Oct. 31.
Pleading guilty to 29 out of SO counts.
Armour and company, Chicago, was
fined $1100 by Judge Page in district
court today for keeping 1G0.000
pounds of meat in cold storage for
more than a year without obtaining
a permit from the health department.
FAST DRAW
PEORIA, 111., Oct. 31 Earl Puryear
of Tulsa and Stanley Everett of Pekln
fought ten fast rounds to a crow to
night. . They are bantamweights, t-eo
Schneider of St. Louis, featherweight,
outpointed Jimmy' Wntrpr or xs An
geles in eight rounds.
FINISH
AIR CONTEST PAGE TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1919
Here and there in Arizona
NEARLY THOUSAND STUDENTS
AT ARIZONA'S UNIVERSITY
UCSOX. Oct. 31. Registration at
the university now stands at 822;.
The number js. Increasing, steadily
on an average of six a day. Presi
dent .von KleinSmid is confident that
by the beginning of the second se
mester the enrollment will have
reached 1000.
Many of the new students are vo
cational men and some are old stu
dents returned. Of the 822 students
registered, 610 are from Arizona,
and ?12 are from outside the state.
Thirty-six states and five foreign
countries are represented. There
are 11 from Mexico, lour from Can
ada, two from Ireland, one - from
China and one from India. Califor
nia send the largest -representation
from the states outside of Arizona,
her number beitg 32.. Texas is sec-
zona I
one meeting a month will be held at
Soruerton and one in Yuma. Such a
procedure will give all soldiers in
this part of the country a chance to
attend the meetings of the post.
The American Legion post here
will ask the business houses to close
for a half holiday on the 11th of next
month and help celebrate the first
anniversary of Armistice Pay. All
business places which have been ap
proached on the subject are willing
to help the legion to celebrate. Ar
rangements are being made for the
big parade on the afternoon of No
vember 11th and a dance at night at
the Elks' home.
VERDE EXTENSION TUNNEL
COMPLETED NOVEMBER 15
, JERQME, Oct. 31 By the fifteenth
or nei month trains will be running
Jlti xmmud WViuo " , - 1 11 1 U I H . . . V. V. , v . v. - -
ond with 17. Then follow Illinois, mine through the haulage tunnel..
14; Ohio, 13; Missouri, 12; liuiiaua.j General Manager George Kingdon
11: New York and Michigan. 8 each;
Massa.-hnspits and Minnesota. 7
announces that rails have been laid
and trolley wires strung overhead
lUAaauuciko cwi ........ ... . - i uuu 1.1 Jikrj " 11 v ... . . u n v . -
each; New Mexico. 6; Tennessee, 5;jtl.om vhe portal of the Texas shaft,
-l..-wl N7ri-tVi fVirnlina nnrt Ppnn- .,-kir.h ? shniit half lav to the mine.
VfUlliaiiUi y 1 1 1 v i . i w ...... " j
sylvania, 4 each; Louisiana and New Tne crew i8 pushing ahead as fast as
Jersey, 3 each; Arkansas, Georgia, possible and) will be to the mine by
Iowa, Kansas, Mississippi, Montana,! xovember la.
Oregon, South Carolina and Wiscon-;
sin each send two; Alabama, District' CROAFF TO START PAPER
of Columbia, Florida, Idaho, Ken-j OF. HIS OWN, REPORT
tucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Vir- .
ginia, Washington and West Virginia PHOENIX, Oct. 31.-Evidently de,
each send one: ' ; . ' termiaed t0 get views before the
I public, despite the fact that the cpn-
CALL FOR BIDS ISSUED . duct of the Arizona Labor Journal
FOR CLIFTON HIGHWAY j waa taken from his control by the
convention of the State Federation of
CLIFTON Oct. 31. The state high- Labor. Thomas J. Croaff, president
way department has Just issued" a Gf that body, announced to the con-
ol1 Tn Kiiila Trty tha lmnrnvmpnt of! ,niinn Tlnirartav mnrnini that ET-
tau . . - j iciiiiuu j
the state highway from Clifton to-j rangements have been 'made for the
Franklin. The work involves the
construction of a new highway from
the city limits of Clifton up Ward's
statewide Dublication of a paper ex
the Ideas contained in the
I opening address of the president.
t. to hh irnder the control
VM ft J wl jv...w.n - r " . A UU U-i
highway at the top or the hill. It 0f Thomas J.' Croaif. This was be
will result in a shorter and bette? j-ueved by 'some delegates to be prac
road than the present slate highway,! Hcally a .declaration of. war by the
and will follow in a general day tlie la.aical3 against the conservatives.
location of the road used before thej
present state highway, was con-j DEMOCRATIC NAT'L CHAIRMAN
gtructed. j TAKING REST IN TUCSON
The Ward county part of the work I
will be let as a contract separate! TUCSON. Oct. 30.-That the nation
and 'distinct from the balance of the is practically a unit behind President
v.ork : Wilson and the chief executive's cte-
L 'Jsire that the peace treat and the
ARIZONA COMMERCIAL MINE '. j covenant of the league of nations be
IS MAKING GREAT RECORD speedily rt-tinea,- is ine opinion oi
GLOBE, Oct. 31. No mining com
(Homer S. Cumniings, chairman of the
pany operating
rifxMi'Uemoeratic national committee, who
In the Globe-Miami .
district has made more satisfactory, Cmlimlngs, with Mr3.' Gum-
progress this year mln, is visiting Miss Caroline Ow-
property than the Arizona lomme - Cummings, at
t'ial Minnie company and at the same'.
nine has maintained production at ! Hidicliffe Court, and will remain sev
about 200 tons daily. - al days in the city, Arrangements
The mine shows a greater tounagewere perfected last evening for a
of ore blocked out than ever before, j mass meeting. , at which the visitor
and pioductiorf is coming from every will speak, next Tuesday evenly, m
level from the seventh to the fif- matters of general interest, particu
teenth inclusive. The present work-parly the league of' nations,
ing shaft is bottomed at 1600 feet, j VI have covered a large part of the
The first crosscut at the sixteenth ,'Tjnited States during the past few
level has been started and it is ex-"months," declared Mr. Cummings yes
pected that development of that level terday, "and I find the sentiment of
will proceed without interruption. ' tne peopie almost universally In favor
Punipsc have been installed at the ( of tne peace treaty as it stands,
sixteenth level and sinking of thej should the question be put to a vote
shaft will soon be resumed. jit wouii De carried overwhelmingly."
CANANEA SOON TO BUILD
ROAD INTO NACO TOWN
DOUGLAS. Oct. 31. A movement
set on foot in Cananea recently has
as its motive the repairing of the au
tomobile road from Cananea to Naco,
where H joins the Naco-Bisbee high
way. To raise a fund of $3000 for
this purpose the larger companies,
business interests and automobile
men have been assessed a stated
monthly sum by the Cananea cham
ber of commerce. ' According to the
present proposal, $500 per month is
to be raised to be expended upon the
highway.
of
MESA UNION HIGH SCHOOL
LEADS STATE IN SPIRIT
MESA. Oct. 31. Mesa Union high
school stands out among other Insti
tutions of !ta character in Arizona as
superior in three distinct features,
spirit of the school,, quality or the in
structors and excellence of organi
zation. This was the statement of
U),- F C Lockwood, head of the ex
tension department of the-University
of Arizona, an inspector of Mgh
schools of the state for the university
classification. :;-
Dr. Lockwood was in tieha
his annual trips ahout ine
., r.f tnsnoctins me
lor me puiy -high
school plant, its equipment Its
H.aff of teachers and other features
for classification.
During the morning he addressed
the. school body in assembly shak
ing for a short period on high fc iooI
matters, and urging students to look
forward to the future which they can
improve through education. He es
pecially ured attendance on a uni
fePS,yyas one of the greatest asse s
to the young man or woman of this
day.
YUMA LEGION PREpAR'ulNfF
FOR ARMISTICE OBSERVANCE
YUMA. Oct. 31.-The II. H. Donk
ersley post of the American Lecion
will hold its next meeting at Somer
ton Tuesday night. Such was the
decision of the executive committer
which met last Tuesday nigh, hom
crton wll probably furnish as many
members to the H. H. Donkersley
. .1... lot,; a will Y'uma, u nl
consequently ills stated by those who
local post of the legion Hit
RELIGIOUS SCRUPLES-ARE
CAUSE OF LAWSUIT
PHOENIX, Oct. 30 Answering the
allegation o W. S. Montgomery! wno
is seeking to rtmove nim trom a
i pnch on the ground that he has failed
to irrigate and cultivate, E. C. Fields
stated in Judge Lyman's court that
the only time he ever refusea to ac
cept water for irrigation from the,
Marinette canal was on Friday nigm
or Saturday, He then explained that
as a Seventh Day Adventist he would
uot work on the- Sabbath, Saturday,
bud said trat Montgomery knew ot
his religious principles before he
leased him the ranch, and that the
zunjeros of the Marinette canal also
knew it, and had been asked never t
send water to the ranch at sucn
times.
Fields and his wife notn fesmied
at the morning session of court, after
which the defense . rested its case.
No rebuttal was offered by the plain
t.'ff, who is president of tite Mont
gomery Investment company. Mont
gomery is represented by Attorney C.
F. Alnswortii and Fields by Harold
Baxter, of the law firm of Alexander,
Christy &. Baxter. .
WHAT MAKES IDEAL HUSBAND?
DORIS KELLY SAYS "HONESTY
What Kind of Men
Make Best Husbands
What do YOU think?
'The Daily Review has asked a
number of charming women to
name the points they think an
ideal husband should possess. To
day Miss Doris Kelly, who picks
an ideal husband in the drama,
"A Voice in the Dark," gives her
answer.
What do YOU think? What is1
the most important characteristic
a husband should possess?
Write your opinion in 200 words
and mail it to the Woman's Page
Editor. The best opinions 'will be
published. Miss Helen Worthing,
starring 'at the new Capitol Thea
ter, New York, will give her an
swer tomorrow.
By DORIS KELLY.
A woman can forgive a husband
for almost anything, except dishon-'
ety. . " ;.;
Square dealing between! husband
and wife, I believe, is the cornerstone
of marital success. The most essen
tial single quality, in the makeup of
an . ideal husband I should say is
HONESTY... .
A man may he bad tempered, im
patient, grouchy all these ' things,
bad as they may be in helping to
spoil marital existence, a woman can
forgive if necessary, but no self-respecting
woman can forgive dishon
esty. By honesty I mean not only
integrity in his dealings with other
men," and consequently a good name
to pass down to his children, but
also honesty in Ms . dealings :wkh
her. A woman who feels that when
her husband looks her in the- eye
and tells her a thing, she can depend
upon that thing as absolutely true,
has obtained a husband worth hav
ing. If I were called upon to name
the single point in a husband, more
essential than any other, I should
say "honesty" is that one.
Federal Farm Loan
; Act Held Valid By
KANSAS CITY. Oct. 31 Validity of
' - : .
m " 11 1 ""' 4.!" .
f-s , " & f
-A A -I
'' i ,
f
the federal farm loaa act was in ef
fect upheld late today by Judge A. S.
Van Valkenburg, when he dismissed
fie suit brought in the TJnltea States
district court here by Charles E.
Smith, a stockholder and director of
the Kansas City Title & Trust com
pany, against that company to test
the constitutionality of the act.
Judge Van Valkenburgn granted an
appeal to the United States supreme
court, which will be made immediate
ly, according to Wm. M. Bullitt, of
Louisville, attorney, for the plaintiff.
Morenci Stargo mines group
makes first shipment silver-sold ora.
Hot Springs Junction American
Eagle Mining group to resume operations.
ATARRH
Far head or throat
Catarrh try the
vapor treatment
Vicics2
'APOItl
YOUR.BODYiUARp--30r'. $QW3&
mm
"OH! HOW THIS
COLD HANGS OIT
Gire Dr. Bell' Pine.Tar
Hooey a chanca to help you
ITS incredieata axa aura to promote
speedy and comforting relief from
i n flam mat kns,' phlegm congestion,
hoarsenew, grippy cough, asthma,
bronchitis, hoarseness. Whfla Nature
destroys the infectious germs, Dr.
Bell s Pia . Tar - Honey heals and
comforts.
And what widespread, tvr-!ncrea-ing
popularity it eajoya! Safe aa
twcptic, parents give it to their
children as freely as they themselves
use it. It is nonsensical and dangerous
to neglect a cough or cold. Using Dr.
Doll's Pine-Tar-Honey is showing
good judgment. 30c., 60c., il.20.
Is Your Child'a Liver Inactive? ,
That means constipation, dutlneM, Httl
m Correct it with P-Do-Lx. Iteleusea
M icvtem iaty but txwitivety. Help nature
to her duty. Good for young sad old. All
r-TT', 60 c. rmttVf. Trvlf tvnytl.
DOR IS0
Actress in. "A Voice in the Dark" beKeves abcolute honesty is most'
' J essential quality in an ideal . husband.
BISBEE FUEL AND FEED COMPANY
Phon121
. Calls the Public' Attention to
The Soft Coal Strike
A nation wide soft coal strike is en and t aratect the mlic and
our trade we' will, effective Nav. 1st, limit at order to
5 SACKS COAL, and
16 SACKS WOOO,"
to each individual ?.t any one time until the strike is at an end.
Howaver, every ane may order as often qs needed.
We 7.sk the public to co-operate with us in this step to tha end
that suffering may be averted until the strike difference Is ad
justed and the fuel supply toare plentiful.
THERE WILL BE NO INCREASE IN PRICES.
Phone 121
BISBEE FUEL AND FEED COMPANY
Census Supervisor
'Arrives in Bisbee
. Kay B. Leach, supervisor - of the
census for the state of Arizona, ar
rived in Bisbee yesterday rand will
spend today in meeting ' applicants
for the position of census enumera
tor. He wiH be at the- Central school
building at 9 o'clock this morning,
and he will appoint enumerators for
Warren. Lowell, Osborn and Bisbee.
Mr. Ray believes that about 10 of
12 enumerators will be necessary to
complete the work in this district,
.which will take ,from two to four
weeks. Ex-service men are to be
given tho preference In selecting the
enumerators. '
The completed returns of the cen
sus will be published y the depart
ment of commerce on July 1, 1920,
and the work is to befein on Janu
ary 2.
Mr. Ray will leave for Douglas to-
EVERETT TRUE
morrow, where. . he will . select the
eriuemrators for that part of the a
county.
Bisbee Entrant in
Road Race Delayed
The Packard car, No. 1 in the list
of entrants, which has been entered
in the El Paso-Phoenix road race
by H. E, Downey of Lowell, smashed
a wheel on the road between Doug-'
las and Rodeo yesterday afternoon
while making, a reverse curve. Down
ing was - taken to Douglas by ' Mr.
Cox, of the Lowell waiting room,
where he is trying to get a wheel.
Unless he is successful in his search
he will be unable to compete to-'
morrow. '" I
Prof. Stark's Daily Program of the
MAJESTIC RANGE
Let us bid; on that nest printing
Job with you' We can save you mon
r. ' Phone sn4: (Review. i
't;
BY CONDO
uc liimiii.iv
of the
MESA ROAD AT YUMA. .
NOW N EARING COMPLETION
I
YUMA, Oct. 30. if everything goes
as expected, Yuma people Mill be able
tc travel on the mesa as. tar as uie
rock crusher on a good rock road by
next Sunday. Unavoidable delays
have held up the completion of the
mesa road up to the present time, but
from now on work will progress
rapidly anci the road will be com
pleted within the time limit. There
are eighty men working on the road
at the present, time, and yesterday
four hundred feel of road wi mm.
All of the surveying and grading has
been completed and the only thing
that remains to be done is the laying
of the roadbed material.
During the pant week the county
engineer's office has recem-d from
the state two 2-ton N'ash quad trucka.
'which will be put on the road work
at once. The trucks are parr or ine
cjuota given Yuma county by the fed
tr.fl overuuifut t-j b" ueii in road
construction.
To YOU OUJ M
THIS CSTTS
n 1 rzzi
ip
fWS'&lmkZSP' M keep 0
Only One More Day To ObtainThis Set Free
1 it 9
. i
I i IV
with any Majestic Range bought, during this demon
stration. Tho Majestic fills your needs at a much
less cost than any other Range and can be pur
chased on terms to suit you.
Tomorrow, Last Day
Lecture on Meats and meat work f rem four ' illustrated charts
showing where every cut of tho animal is cut from... Ladies, you
I will find this a very interesting lecture, as well as instructive.
The professor will be pleased to answer any questions you may
wish to ask.
ALL BISBEE WOMEN ARE WELCOME AT THESE LECTURES
AND DEMONSTRATIONS. ,
We use HUFF Fresh .Eggs and MEADOW GOLD BUTTER.
SATURDAY ALWAYS HOSIERY DAY AT PHELPS DODGE MERCANTILE
CO. ON CUR BARGAIN BOOTH YOU WILL FIND SPECIALS IN BOYS'
SCHOOL HOSE AND WOMEN'S SILK AND LISLE HOSE. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 1 , 1919.
THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW
PAGE THREE
Till -BANDS
RAID SONDRA
11 TIN
Inform Victim of Store That
They Will Next Ravage
Moctezuma Camp ; Gov
ernor Preparing for Capture
DOUGLAS, Oct. 31. Two hundred
Yaqui Indians passed through Palacio
de Hierro, a mining camp of the Moc
tezuma district last Sunday, carrying
off all provisions in " the m'ne store
and taking ail the personal effects of
Aurelio Jiodriguez, leaving him naked
and without, provisions." No one was
killed, hut in a spirit oi wanton de
struction the Indians dumped over
several flasks of mercury, emptied a
quantity of ore sacked for transpor
tation; then used the sacks for cloth
ing. Only nine of the band had horses,
and ammunition appeared to,be quite
scarce among them. They told Rod
riguez they Intended to raid Pilares
Je Xecozart, the mining camp of the
'Moctezuma Copper company, and
claimed to be part of a force of 40ft
divided in three bands. Wednesday
morning the same hancr was reported
to have raided the CapadehuachJ
ranch, 20 miles from Pilares.
Mexican government forces are re
ported to be at San Pedro de Batuc,
on their way northt. Colonel Manuel
Mesa, commander of the state police
in the northern zone. Is organizing a
volunteer force in Moctezuma, Cum
pas and Nacozari, with the announced
intention of attempting to bottle the
Indians up in the northern part of
the Moctezuma district until the gov
ernment forces can arrive, when it is
hoped to deal them a severe lesson.
For six months the same band, with
some accession lately, has terrorized
the towns of the northern part of the
Moctezuma district, the northern part
of the Sahuaripa district, and the
eastern part of the Ures district. All
classes of business has been par
alyzed and travel through the infested
district has stopped almost complete
ly. Governor Adolfo de la Huerta has
made some progress in organizing 2,
500 state troops under tiie permission
granted him recently by President
Carranza for the purpose of under
taking the Yaqui campaign, according
to official announcement of Consul J.
M. Arredondo. Governor de la Huerta
has reported to the consul tfcat sev
eral hundred men had been enlisted
and were in training. The governor
has designated General Juan A. Tor
res to command the troops.
DAILY OIL NOTES
COLLINS AND
FORD WILL BE
ON NEXT CARD
1
Interest in the Celmars-Chambers
fight here on next Friday night was
heightened yesterday by the an
nouncement that Frank Ford had
declared that he was willing to, meet
Bob Collins in the semi-final on a
winner-take-all basis. Collins and
Ford have fought twice before and
Collins stepped high In the estima
tion of Bisbee fans afterwards by
disposing of Al Mauch in two rounds
at the last show staged by the Bis
bee Athletic club on October 24. In
this fight Collins proved to be a
much classier mixer than he had
been given credit for in the district
and it is believed that a match be
tween him and Ford would be a
drawing, card, especially since the
probability of the two men meeting
has developed a grudge among them.
Negotiations for : the ' fight have not
been - completed, but sentiment yes
terday was strongly In favor of it
Chambers Is working like a tiger
at Douglas, according to word
brought here yesterday and Lis t con
ditioning will be intensified today,
when Kid George will take him in
hand for the finishing touches. Cel
mars is training in Los Angeles, but
will arrive here tomorrow or Mon
day, when he will complete his
work. Bob Sweeney, his manager,
probably will accompany him.
O. S. French, manager of the club,
received a telegram yesterday from
Walter Caldwell of New Mexico, who
is known as one of the hardest hit-
ling 160-pounders in the west, saying
that he Is willing toaneet Kid George
here; on November 24. These men
met once before in a bout that went
15 rounds of hard slugging, and their
appearance in a main event here
would be one of the big attractions
of the local boxing year.
The other preliminaries for the
card on Friday are being arranged,
and Manager French promises the
same high-class entertainment that
distinguished his first card, when
Frank Loughrey. and Johnnie Cel
mars fought the hardest battle ever
staged in the state.
Public interest is still maintained
in the Kemp-Munger-Allen well south
west of Iowa Park, despite unfavor
able reports to the effect that the
well failed to flow when uncapped
I
last week.
There was posted on the bulletin
beard of the Oil Exchange and Board
of Trade .this city, a telegram from
the Central Stock Exchange of
Wichita Falls, today, containing a
statement said to have been made by
J. A. Kemp. According to this state
ment, Mr. Kemp said he had visited
the weH with several experienced
drillers and that the drillers still be
lieve that they have a good well, but
that when the well was shut down
last Monday, back pressure caused
the casing sealing to give way.
"When Mr. Thomas, the driller,"
the statement continues, "was run
ning the' bailer Friday morning, he
found the caving had filled the hole
to the extent of two feet. Fluid
within 50 feet of the top of the hole,
with about 200 feet of water, the rest
oil. This water either comes out of
the 6and or from behind the casing,
but the drillers believe it ,haB come
from a leak and this theory Is sup
ported by the finding of the shale
when balling.
"We must first shut the water off,
which will be done either with a
packer or cement before drilling
deeper. I want to emphasize the fact
that 1 was deeply Impressed with
what I saw last Monday. I saw a
strong flow of oil about four or five
inches in diameter, with high gas
pressure and a high grade of olL
"I said last Monday I believe we
had a good well, and I still believe it.
We are only ten Inches into the sand,
and no one knows how much sand
there is, or how much oil the well
will make, but I am still firmly of the
opinion that we have a good one.
"My motive in issuing the state
ment was to prevent the stockholders
from selling at less than value. All
oil operations are more or less of a
gamble, and I still believe we have
a splendid gamble."
3,410, total jieptth. 3.414, and well is
estimated at 1,500 barrels. The El
Paso Duke company's Harrall No. l
in the Desdemona field, is at a total
depth of 2.737 feet, and producing
400 bairels. The Mid-Kansas Oil &
Gas company's J. W. Hill No. 1 well
in the Ranger district, is making 200
barrels
PAN MOTOR
Pfl CDDQnc
UU. Ul IILflUd
PROPAGANDA
The deep test at Grapevine, Tar
rant county, some 20 miles northeast
of Fort Worth, is at 3205 feet, drilling
in black lime with every indication
of a good well, according to J. C. Ver
sey, of the drilling company, today
in denying a rumor that th well
was in for 100 barrels. The report
that the well was completed reached
Fort Worth Saturday, and many per
sons went to Grapevine Sunday and
Monday to investigate. Stock in the
oompany was forced up to ?33 on the
local exchange. The test will be con
tinued. A shfiwing was obtained at
a shallow depth some time ago.
SHREVEPORT, La. All records
for wells in any field in this part of
the country were broken last night
with the completion by Reach Gilli
land Oil company of its Oakes No. 6
in 20-21-7 at 2068 feet, reported to be
flowing at aerate of 30,000 barrels
per day.
This, coupled with completion of
three oil veils in the Homer field,
including a 13,000 barrel gusher Sat
urday, raised enthusiasm to a high
pitch which slumped ony a little with
the announcement of an unsuccess
ful test by Bechrase & Laskey, in
26-21-8, on the White tract.
WTICHITA FALLS. There have
been no new developments reported
here on the Kemp-Munger-Allen well,
near Iowa Park, since late last week,
when the well was uncapped and fail-1 EOon as
ed to flow. An effort wni be made to therefor in Pecos county.
make a producer of the present hole, I man took options on 1,920 acres in
but if this fails, it is rumored that the, Brewster county at a higher price
company will drill another. It has i than is usual fnr stato leasts
LEASES IN DEMAND
AUSTIN. With the closing of the
lists, of applications for state leases
on public school land and lands be
longing to the state and its institu
tions, the demand for such leases
seems to be Increasing by leaps and
bounds.
On Friday there were in Austin,
representatives of nine large oil com
panies in. other states,, all of whom
are seeking Btate leases on thousands
of acres in Pecos, Crockett, Brewster.
Val Verde, Culberson, Hudspeth and
ether West Texas counties.
The representative of one Califor
nia concern, said that his company
would drill at least three wells as
acreage could . be blocked
This same
been feared that the first well would
be lost on account of water.
"People of other states are looking
at west Texas as the land of promise
1 in the oil business." said this man.
DALLAS. Sinclair-Ouif Hagaman, who asked that his name be not used
in the Ranger field, is two feet In the as he Is seeking other leases to com
lime und making 800 barrels. The tiete the acreage needed, and does
Frairio company's Roper No. 16 is on not want to boost the price on his
top or the sand at 3,390 feet bottom, own company.
Democratic Offices
Close Afternoons
Of Fair Week and
Republicans Open
PHOENIX, Ariz., Oct. 31. State
offices under Democratic control will
close I afternoons during fair week. 1
btate offices headed by Republicans
will remain open all day during fair
week.
This situation developed today at
a meeting of Democratic department
heads, following announcement by
Governor Campbell that Btate offices
would remain open all day through
fair week. The Democrats- had be
fore them a letter from the governor
requesting that all offices be kept
open all day.
Those attending the meeting said
that as it had always , been the cus
tom to close offices during the after
noons in fair week they would 1 con
tinue to do so. In reply to Governor
Campbell's assertion that the offices
ought to remain open to accommo
date persons from other communi
ties the Democratic office holders
said such persons could transact
their business in the mornings, add
ing the visitors would desire to go
to the fair in the afternoons anyway.
The principal offices which will
close afternoon are those of the
corporation commission, tax commis
sion, secretary, of state, treasurer,
auditor and attorney general. Those
which will remain open include of-f
fices of the governor, superintendent
of public health, game warden,' sealer
of weights and. measures, state engi
neer, highway department, board of
directors' of ' state institutions, state
sanitary livestock board.
Loyal Miners to Be
Given Protection
i
(Continued from Page One)
ing at midnight tomorrow being vir
tually a holiday In coal mining, and
Sunday also a day of non-production,
it was generally conceded that not
before Monday would the actual ef
fect of the strike be known definite
ly. By that time union leaders will
have nearly complete reports from
union locals, and the coal operators
will know to what extent they will
be able to operate if they should de-
Cliarges that United States post
office inspectors are spreading "ma
licious lies" about the Pan Motor
company, fourteen officials of which
are now being prosecuted in Chicago
by the government for -alleged fraud
in connection with the sale of ?7,
000,000 worth of stock, are contained
in a propaganda pamphlet being sent
out broadcast by Samuel Pandolfo,
president of the company, copies of
which were received in The Review
office yesterday.
The pamphlet naively concludes
with an appeal to the reader to buy
some of the company's stock.
Samuel Pandolfo, over whose sig
nature the pamphlet appears, is
bringing suit against all the banks
of Arizona for fl.000,000 on a charge
of libel. The case is soon to be heard
in the federal court at Tucson.
In glaring type on the first page
of the pamphlet the charge is dra
matically hurled:" ' ""Swindle, fraud,
fake!" are the things that the char
acter and business assassins and
conspirators are trying to deceive
you into believing in regard to the
Pan Motor company. Some extracts
from the pamphlets are: ..
"Certain postoffice inspectors and
prosecuting attorneys have been
manufacturing and giving out false
and malicious statements regarding
the Pan Motor company, its officers
and directors, for the purpose of de
ceiving and misleading the public,
and poisoning the minds of our sub
scribers and stockholders.
"While the United States govern
ment appears to he prosecuting us
and after us, yet, in reality, the prin
cipal prosecutors are the Associated
Advertising Clubs of the World, and
they are being financed and acting
as agents for certain big automobile
interests that are endeavoring to put
us out of business."
' Just what the government, the ad
vertising clubs or the automobile in
terests hope to gain through "ma
licious lics'' about the Pan Motor
company, . Mr.' Pandolfo's pamphlet
fails to make clear.
A table is included , stating the al
leged assets and liabilities of the
company, in which he figures are
given as such that assets and lia
bilities exactly balance. Included in
the assets is the sum of $3,563,210.31,
listed as "intangible Good Will (dis
bursements from - Premium Ac
count)." Cash on hand and in banks
is totaled in this table at $34,557.81.
At the end' o ftlie pamphlet is
printed a blank for stock subscrip
tions in the Pan Motor company,
which the reader is urged to fill in
for as many shares as he can afford
to buy, for "of course," concludes Mr.
Pandolfo, "we need considerable ad
ditional money to carry out our
plans.''
The trial of Pandolfo and his con
federates on charges of using the
mails to defraud in the sale of stock
is now in its second week in Chicago.
Secretary Wilson
Elected President
Labor Conference
ing us permanent organization with
election of Secretary of Labor Wilson
of the United Sttaes as president,
the international labor conference
today proceeded to the formulation
of a definite program of work with
appointment of a commission for se
lection to act as a "steering com
mittee." Although the conference adjourned
tonight until Monday, the commis
sion will devote itself in the mean
time to mapping out the future
method of work and to the choosing
of the various committees to which
the five items of the agenda will be
referred for study and report.
COPPER QUEEN ARRIVALS
Arrivals at the Copper Queen hotel
yesterday were C. E. Ciesler, Kansas
City; Mrs. Charles H. Edmondson and
children, Cananea; W. II. Stanley,
San Francisco; Richard Robertson,
Fort Worth; C. M. Whitehead, oFrt
Worth; Robert C. Hill, Nogales; Ray
B Teach, Tucson; O. W. Davis, Den
ver; A. W. Colson, Rochester; S. H.
Nesbit, Los Angeles; C. E. Clark,
Tucson; Mr. and Mrs. T. F. Penrod,
Phoenix; George Jones, Cananea;
Franke Russell, Bisbee; Mr. and Mrs.
M. J. Sieg, Cananea; W. P. Stanton,
Jr., San Francisco.
COMPANY;
CALUIE
OL
The present dope that we have on
El Paso-Phoenix Race is that most
of the cars in the race will
use
CALUMET OIL
Try some in your car and
more power and less wear.
Ph
one
444.
get
BISBEE, ARIZ.
HAND LAUNDRY
' EL PASO, Oct"' 31. Establishment
of a union hand laundry by tee strid
ing laundry workers here wms an
nounced today "by Wm. J. Moran,
member of the laundry ns:e com
mittee of the central labor union.
cide to attempt actual mining work. (The strike, which began Monday, in-
HOLLWEG TESTIFIES
BERLIN, Oct 31. (By The Associ
ated Press.) Dr. Von Bethmann
"Hollweg, German chancellor during
the greater part of the war, spent
nearly two hours in the witness chair
today before the national assembly
sub committee, which is investigating
what has been the possibilities for
bringing about peace during the war.
The following table by states of
men who left the mines today and to
night to obey the strike call, Is based
on reports, in most instances, esti
mated received by union leaders
throughout the country:
Arkansas, 4,000,
Colorado, 5.000.
Illinois, 80,000., , -
Indiana, 25,000.
Iowa, 14,000.
aKneas, 12,000.
Kentucky. 20,000.
Maryland, 1,800.
Michigan, 2,400.
Missouri, 1,000.
Montana, 4,000.
' New Mexico, 4,000.
Ohio, 40,000.
- Oklahoma, 6,000.
Pennsylvania, 100,009.
' Tennessee, 2,000.
Texas, 2,500. ,
Utah, 1,000.
Washington 6000. ;
West Virginia 40,000.
Wyoming 5000.
While no reportB were available
from Alabama, Texas and Virginia,
union leaders said there were num
bers of men on strike and thousands
would be out tomorrow in the south
ern fields.
What tomorrow's reports would
show the union chiefs said they were
unable to predict, except that the
strike would be of so vast an extent
as to paralyze production of bitu
minous coal.
Of interest to Warren district fight
fans is the news that Eddie Johnson
of Colorado defeated Frankle Fowser
of El Paso at Silver City, N. M.,
Thursday evening, after 20 rounds 'of
hard fighting-, Thomas CaAer of
Miami, .was defeated on the same
evening at Vernon by Young France
in a four-round g.
FARE SET.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Oct. 31. The
state corporation commission made
an order here today permitting op
erators of taxicabs and touring cars
to charge 50 cents a passenger be
tween Phoenix and the state fair
grounds during fair week, Nov. 3 to
8, and allowing operators of busses
to charge 2S Cents for the same serried.
volves several .hundred workers.
DON'T PUT OFF
It's the neglected cold, cough,
tender throat or tonsils, that
debilitate and leave the body
disposed to serious germ
diseases.
EMULSION
should be taken at the first sigr.
of lowered resistance, cold or
cough. The energizingvirtue?
of Scott s bring essential a
nourishment and help to
the weakened system. Vw
Give. Scott's a trial 4JL
Scott Bownc, Bl -laiGel''. N. J.
TOO
LATE
Death only a matter of short time.
Don't wait until pains and aches
become incurable diseases. Avoid
painful consequences by taking
GOLD MEDAL
The world's standard remedy for kidney,
liver, bladder and uric acid troubles tho
National Remedy of Holland since 169S.
Guaranteed. Three sizes, all druggists.
tooV for tk nune CoH Medal on erery bx
3iwl att a taltatlo-
Help Your Digestion
When acid-distressed, relieve the
indigestion with
llhim
Dissolve easily on tongue as
pleasant to take as candy. ' Keep
your stomach sweet, try Kt-molds
MADE BY SCOTT a BOWNE r
MAKERS OF SCOTT'S EMULSION
19-5 A
Everything for the Auto E. Simmons, Prop.
TRY THE REVIEW WANT ADS FOR QUICK RESULTS
r 1 itiFtfiiff
I
IQUTTOU
Noah Webster defines ubiquity as "existence everywhere at
the same time." While the power is not given to mortals, its closest
approach is given to you through the activities of such a newspaper
as this. The activities of men, the progress of events, the new dis
coveries in science, philosophy, invention, the latest revelations of
art and letters, the manifestation of nature, all over the world are
brought to you through the far-reaching facilities of the newspaper.
In every land, on every sea, in the air and underneath the earth and
waters, the newspaper gathers for you the news of the times, the
lore of the past.
The wings of the wind, the flash of cinema, the spark of elec
tricity are all potent powers the newspaper employs to bridge time
and space for your education and the most marvelous machinery
evolved from the brain and ingenuity of man have been adopted
and adapted to your service. News, editorials, advertisements, car
toons, illustrations and maps all contribute to your fund of knowl
edge, your better living, your healtbi,yaur gayety and the moulding
of your mind and character. ' . ' ; ' : . v . - j
The Review is Putting forth every ef
fort to give its readers the best in
. Newspaper Service
Such value and service gains its own reward. It has been man
ifested in this paper by its rapidly growing circulation. ,
Telephone 39 for your subscription
CLIP ON THIS LINE
Date
The Bisbee Daily Review, Bisbee, Arizona.
The Circulation Dept.:
Please find inclosed $ for which place the following
name on your list of subscribers for
The Daily Review The Sunday Review '
(Cross out one not wanted.)
Name .-.
Address....'
P. O. Box City or Town
Rural Route Delivery State PAGE FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER I, 1919
THE GREAT AMERICAN HOME
lp Sisfarr Batty iRruirxu
B. P. GUILD, General Manager
Bouillabaisse
By F. F. M.
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
r
SUBSCRIPTION RATES PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per Month $...80
Six Months 4.25
Twelve Months .-. 9.00
Sunday (Weekly) Per Year - 2.50
Statements to Review subscribers are rendered on or about the
first of every month. If you receive The Review through a City
Carrier, he will bring your statement to you for collection. Make
all checks payable to The Bisbee Daily Review. Those desiring
subscriptions for more than one month may secure them by advis
ing The Review office.
A THOUGHT FOR THE DAY
"Passions are likened best to floods and streams:
The shallow murmur, but the deep are dumb."
Sir Walter Raleigh.
UP TO THE PARENTS
A
DEPLORABLE condition has been found to exist in
the public schools of the Warren District a condi
tion which strikes not only at the present happi-
. a , . : t .1 . i . . . i f . . . A - a , n n
f ness 01 cu sciiuui ciiuurtMi, uui ui me luiure ui nmciitau
' cit'zenship in Bisbee. For more than one-half of hundreds of
children in the local schools have oeen found physically detective,
nearly all of these suffering with defects which could have been pre
vented in the first place, and may even now be eliminated, by proper
parental care.
American citizens are being marred in the making in the War
rtn District, and the parents of the little victims are largely to blame.
Since the publication in last Sunday"s Review of the startling result
of the examination of 402 children at the Central school, additional
examinations have been made which disclose that the conditions at
that school are not exceptional, but are general among the school
children throughout the district. In tomorrow's issue the Review
will publish these additional facts, which should strike deep at the
pride, compassion and parental love of every father and mother
concerned.
The health department of the public schools is launching a vig
orous campaign to remedy the appaling conditions of health among
the children, for which the parents are to blame. But the school
authorities can reach only thj children, and the tots are in
many cases helpless 'to better themselves, even if they can be taught
to grasp the essentials of hygiene and its implications. The co-operation
of the parents is imperative if any great good is to be done.
The parents are the ones most directly concerned.
Read tomorrow's Review and consider if it is not high time
some parental action was taken.
'SWINDLE, FRAUD, FAKE !
UNDER this heading, in inch-hight black type, there comes to the
Review editor's desk all the way from Chicago a long, dolorous
wail, ending in a yelp of anguish, from the Pan Motor com
pany, fourteen officials and directors of which are now on
trial in that city on charges of using .the United States mails to
swindle stock-buyers in the rather neat little sum of seven million
dollars.
The career of the Pan Motor company, which has been occupy
ing considerable front page sfrdce In newspapers throughout the
nation since its swindle trial began, is of particular Interest in. Bis
bee and throughout Arizona owing to the fact that S. D. Pandolto,
its leading light and one of the fourteen now on trial, is suing the
banks of this state, including tnose of Bisbee, for ?1',000,000 on a
charge of libeling him"
Charging libel seems to be a favorite defense of Pandolto and
his confederates, for now they are invading the enemy territory or
Arizona (where their stock didn't sell worth a hoot) with their
"swindle, fraud and fake" pamphlet accusing the "character and
business assassins and conspirators" of the United States govern
ment and the ."big automobile interests" of Beeking maliciously and
for sinister business reasons to swear away the fair reputation of the
Pan Motor company.
Extracts from the pamphlet will be found in the news columns
of lhi3 issue of the Review, for all who would like a hearty laugh
for breakfast this morning. Evidently the Pan Motor company, m
ppite of all its woes, has still some loose change on hand with which
to buy postage from that branch of the government which claimj
has so .viciously outraged it, for the Review received no less than
three copies of the "swindle, fraud, fake" howl, all sealed and bear
ing perfectly good stamps. We believe the office boy also received
a pamphlet, but we have not investigated this.
The Pan Motor company of the alleged little seven million dol
lar irregularity evidently is using some good money on a full-fledged,
vituperative publicity campaign of defense. Meanwhile the wheels
of justice grind steadily on at Chicago, and the date pf the hearing
in the federal court at Tucson of Pandolfo's famous "libel" suit
against the Arizona banks draws near.
MUST BE REAL RESERVATIONS
IT has been demonstrated that the opposition to the peace treaty
in the senate cannot, register its full strength on the proposals
to amend its text. Tests of that have been made on Shantung,
on the question of American representation on the treaty com
missions and upon the proposal to equalize voting strength in the
league of nations.
Upon the last named amendment, offered by Senator Johnson,
the opposition, both Democratic and Republican, to ratification ot
the treaty in its present form showed its greatest strength. But it
was not sufficient to accomplish its object, and it is now apparent
that object cannot be attained by means xof direct amendment.
The votes on the amendments have demonstrated as clearly,
however, that the refusal to amend does not by any means proceed
from satisfaction with the treaty as it stands.
Many senators who voted against amendments have announced
their intention to vote for reservations.
It would have been better and more straightforward to send the
treaty back to Paris Tor revision. If that is not to be, it must be
Americanized as much as possible through reservations.
Of course, they must be real reservations, adopted as a condition
of ratification, and submitted to the other powers for their acqui
escence. Mere good resolutions, announcing that we interpret the
treaty to so and so, would be worthless.
MR. LEWIS' SOPHISTRY
YOU cannot pacify hungry men with high-sounding platitudes,
or feed under-nourished children with academic philosophy,"
says Acting President Lewis of the United Mine Workers.
Hut he fails to explain how the nourishment of the children
is to be improved by (heir fathers working six hours a day instead
ofeisht. or five days a week instead of six. Of platitudes it can at
least. b said that they don't directly cut down the rood supply (New
York) Review. . ;
i , ,
It would be easier to believe in everlasting peace if there was a
law compelling people to keep .their chickens fenced.
Whn in the course of human events it becomes necessary for one
people to slip off tho yoke of another, there will be a lot of wire pull
ing to convince the league that the foundations or civilization are
threatened.
JOST AS VIEU. To PUT I WU 7rrO
1 6HEX. FOR A FEW NIGHTM 1 m Ti U, ty R
" PR'S PAR IMG FOR
- . . .i-h1 '
If WULC MMMM
. Yestcniay was Halloween,
The fcstivtl ot spooks,
When elves and goblins hide themselves
In crannies and in nooks;
When witches ply their baneful arts,
And gnomes dance on the lawn,
And ghosts stalk by in white array
From eventide" to dawn.
I did not fear them yesternight,
Nor looked for them at all
Upon my effervescent soul
Their presence cast no pall
The only ghost that frightens me
Is one I fear to miss
The ghost that walks on Tuesday noon
"And jsyves me coin for this-
SMILE WITH US
A Daily Health Column Conducted by the United States Public Health
Service by Direction of
RUPERT BLUE,
Surgeon General, U. S. Public Health Service.
TEMPERANCE
Wlut profiteth it a man that he
gain the whole world, yet lose his
health?
Naturalists say that long years ago
the prehistoric waters were Infested
with a species of enormous shirk,'
which finally became extinct by rea
son of the workings of its voracious
appetite. Thus Nature eliminates the
over-fed.
The desire for ease of life and
plentiful diet is universal and is the
great stimulus of man and animals
alike. When man becomes greedy and
takes more ease and fjoi and drink
than is his share, Nature discards
him.
In the race for power and place, for
ease of circumstances and relief from
the stimulus of hunger, the modern
man is apt to forget that unless he is
careful of his body he will soon be
made to suffer for the infraction of
Nature's inexorable physical lawWith H
the loss in body tone, cwncs an equal
loss In mental acuity, and the brain
which for a time was able to operate
despite the complaints of an over-fed,
under-exercised, selt-?sonea body,
stops working.
tSatistics assure us that the mortal
ity rate of peisons over 45 years of
age is not only not decreasing, but
apparently even slightly increasing.
The strenuous life of today is not
alone responsible for this. Lack of
health-giving exercise, superfluity ofi
diet, lack of restoring sleep, the high
pressure of the race for power, wealth
and position, plus physical neglect
Uieae bring early decay. The goal is
reached wealth is amassed honor,
position and power are just being
grasped when the apple of achieve
ment turns to the ashes of dissolu
tion. The brilliant mind becomes
clouded, the steady hand is no longer
accurate, the eye which once gazed
fearlessly on the whole world is dim
med and it is not long before the
final break-up occurs. All of this was
entirely preventable.
Other things being equal. It ts the
man who leads the well-balanced lire
who lasts the longest, whose work to
the end is uniformly the best, he who
neithere overworks, nor overplays,
neither over-eats, overdrinks, nor
"UNCLE SAM, M. D.," will an.
swer, either in this column or by
mail, questions of general interest
relating only to. hygiene, sanita,
tion, and the prevention of dis
ease. It will be impossible for
him to answer questions of a
purely personal nature, or to pre
scribe for individual diseases.
Address:
over-sleeps, Jie who maintains a stand
ard of simple, healthy diet in modera
tion, who ofrsets 'mental work with
physical recreation; who is as honest
with his own body as he is with his
own business. When success comes
to such a one his physical ana mental
condition is such that he can enjoy
in peace of mind and contentment of
body Uie fruits of his labors.
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
Q. Can typhoid be carded by nvilk?
A. Yes. In 1907 a case or typhoid
lever occurred in a mountain house
near Talo Alto, Cal. The wastes
from the patient were thrown into a
stream on which a dairy was located
some distance belo'. The milk cans
c.f the dairy were' washed in the
stream and a typhoid epidemic of 236
cases developed among the, people
who were supplied yith this milk. In
the spring of 1908 one milkman in
Boston, who was suffering with ty
phoid caused an epidc-mlc of over 400
cases. In New York city a nnmoer
of extensive outbreaks or typhoid
fever w ere traced , to infected milk.
This was before the enforcement of
pasteurization of the milk supply.
Q. Is it haimful to drink while eat- j
irg? ' .
A. A glass or two of water taken
at mealtime in small sips moistens
the food and helps to mix the saliva
with it, thus causing the starch to be
more quickly digested. Water taken
in larger amounts hinders . digestion,
especially if the food is wrshed down
without being properly chewed. The
water 6hould not be Ice cold, because
cold drinks chill the stomach and hin
der digestion. Coffee and tea hinder
the work of the saliva, and these
drinks should be used sparingly by
every one and should be avoided en
tirely by those who have trouble in
digesting starchy foods.
PEPY'S DIARY IN BISBEE
Oct. 31. Up betimes, after a good rest, due, I think, to having stayed
away from Main street waffles on the preceding evening, substituting there
for some cigarets and glass of near beer. Did spend some time watching
the anxieties of a racing driver, who broke a crankcase instead of the road
record, and was busy in trying to get the bearings replaced, which made
me glad I did not draw his number in the pool, placing more reliance in a
Ford. To the offices, where Mr. Lyman had .some notes for me, and prom
ised some stories of the old times in Lisbee, when hip pockets dragged with
the weight of a pint flask instead of a volume of Amy Lowell's poems, and
waists were girdled with a cartridge carrier instead of a belt on a sport
suit. To the library, where I read a funny chaptei out of a funny book,
i'i though distracted by two ycung women who came in to read the Christian
Science Monitor and who wore brown silk stockings. Did hear several wives
ask their husbands lor money this day, and, seeing them get it, I philoso
phised softly that the best job in the world is being married to a thin man.
To my barber, who forebore to gossip, which surprised me until I found
he had a toothache. Much betting now on the road race, with some grier
among those who have chosen poor cards, and much speculation on how
iv.st the cars will go, which makes m think that tearing up the bricks on
Main street won't help them any in a quick get-away, but I am leaving the
criticisms for my wife, who has been close-lipped lately, but who therefore
will be like a torrent when she does begin te speak. Wherefore, I am glad
she- is getting interested in politics, as it will add weeks to my life and
'hairs to my head. No complaints from either citizens or citizenesses this
day about my diary, although one young lady did give me a snippy ook.
I Much work at the office, getting out the Sunday paper and getting informa
tion for the race fans. Frank Loughery's lip going down so that he can
rtand within six inches of a wall without hurting himself. Used to the cold
now, which comes from putting newspapers under the mattress, and 3o to
Led, wishing it was as warm going into as get out of.
ON MAIN STREET
"1 L"-ve You," smiled the dimpled maid,
'"You're All the World to Me,
"I Worship Every Step You Take,
"From Maine to Tennessee."
But though the public hemmed her in
With slowly moving throngs,
No one seemed shamed to hear her there.
For she was selling songs.
: o
One of our exchanges says that engagements should be either very short
or very long very short so that the contracting parties may marry before
they get tired of each other, or very long so that they become a habit that
cannot be broken.
LIES OFTHE DAY
Coal prices arc- uue for a slump this winter. .
You always play the phonograph Local automobile fans will not be busy tomorrow neither will the
during meals?" telephones.
"Yep," replied Farmer Corntossel. ' The new paving to be placed in front of, the depot will not be slippery
"'Taint that we care for the music, about January 1. .
lut we want to do everything possible) The police department is having an easy time with its vagrancy cases,
to " keep the summer boarders from The blonde young lady of the Y. M. C. A. is not writing as well as she
talking abotit the league of nations." j Used to.
San Francisco Chronicle. The telegraph editor of the Review is not looking for a sweetheart.
' 1 I And this is the biggest lie.
o '
Suspicious
Patience "You know he just cried
for joy. Why, tears were running
down his cheeks arid down mine, too."
Patrice ""WeU, all 1 'have to say is
you must have been pretty close to
him to have his tears run down your
ciieeks." Houston Post.
Compensation
"Food is 'very high."
"Cheer up. That engagement rfng
your husband gave you ten years ago
lias doubled in value.'' Louisville
Courier-Journal.
Proper Way
"How did Jims do with his new
broom factory?"
"It is sweeping everything before
it." Baltimore American.
Anything for Peace
Pelted With Boquets I
Jinks "You look dreadfully batter- j
ed. What's happened?" j
Binks "Wife has been pelting me :
with flowers."
Jinks "Why, that wouldn't mark
you up in that manner." I
Binks "Oh, they were m the pots
Houston Post.
There was an old woman of Trent,
Who said that she knew what men meant
When they asked her to dine
On oysters and wine
She knew what they meant and she went!
o
I It't a funny world with the men getting the old red flannels out of
j the mothballs just about the time that the sweet young things are diseurd
1 ins their furs and substituting laces and things.
IN THE WORLD OF WOMAN
Turning Back the Calendar
Seventeen Years Ago Today In Bisbee
(From The Bisbee Daily Review of Saturday, November 1, 1902
Mr. Newman, an old Cochise pi
oneer, has Just returned from his
old home in Kentucky.
The Review is making extensive
preparations for receiving the re
turns from all over the county and
territory on the night or election.
NEW YORK CITY IS NOW
HUGE MARRIAGE LABORATORY
NEW YORK. Oct. 31. A gigantic
!"nurriaso lahnratniv" is tr hp made
of New York.
Students of social, eugenic and eco
nomic questions are going to examine
the why and the wherefore .of such
things as the reluctance or young
people to marry early, race Buicide,
divorce, and illegitimacy.
This survey is to be conducted by
the American Social Hygiene associ
ation, endorsed by the delegates to
the association's recent conference
here. Paul Ponenoe, the general sec
retary, outlined to me the scope of
the progiam.
"Eugenically speaking, the human
race is dettrioriating," he said. "The
birth rate is lowest among the most
desirable sections of the population;
it is highest among the poorest and
least educated. Poverty and ignor
ance mean always a high birth rate:
money and education mean a lowered
birth rate.
"How can we overcome this ten
dency? How can we encourage the
mating of eugenically desirable
1 ff:tirlpK the X' class m-opie, ns clas
sified by Galton? One way is to
recognize motherhood as a profession
the most important of all profes
sions. Many desirable couples would
as the best. That would be the best
eugenic measure also. Raising the
economic level of the lower strata of
our population would automatically
bring them into the slower breeding
zone.
"There are other means of improv
ing the race it is even possible that
some day we may be as carerul in
bleeding hvman beings as we now
are in breeding hogs and tnai we
iwill not permit the unfit to mate.
'But that is too much to hope tor
in the near future. Education of.
joung women and young men to de
n.and clean mates is another means.
"All these things we intend to study
both directly and in co-operation with
settlements, the Boy and Girl Scouts
and other organizations."
DECORATED
LEATHER
NEWEST
TERIAL
DRESS MA-
Voters of Bisbee should vote early
of his vote. There will be only one
polling place, in the Johnson hall on
Upper Main street, at present occu-jhave more children if they were ccr-
pied by the Republican club. - i tain of being aDie to suppon mem.
and educate them properly, n-nuoweu
motherhood is onomeans to tnts end.
"The alleviation of poverty is an
other means. Surgeon-General Gorgas
once said that if he were given tne
ptivilege of adopting but one single
The very latest thing in the way of
eVtss trimming is leather. Some
times it is used as outside facings, as
in the case of cuffs, outside pockets
and collars It is used as piping and
is most effective. It is pierced in an i
uii over pattern and is fashioned into i
whole suits. This latter does not j
stem so astonishing in these days of J
leather motor coats.
a r,v
: . . vsv; . - 1
N 3
J
S. W. French, assistant superin
tendent of the Copper Queen Mining
company, visited Morenci last week.
He iw'as appointed administrator of
the estate of the late Dr. Carleton
TO MEND CURTAINS
A 7. SJA TON-
land rapidly Tuesday morning so that there. Mr. French was a classmate j health measure for a city Tie would
In making new window curtains of j NEW YORK :Mrs. Ernest T. Seaton
ar.v nUiterhH, always save tin- scraps , is wearing a French modal of honor
fui mending. When curtains are ; bestowed on her for war work. Mrs.
torn take scraps of the sunie material, ' Seaton founded the Women's Motor
or material as nearly like as possible, : Unit early in the war and later did
dip in thin starch, and paste it over I great work in relief or French wound
the rentfWhile wet. Iron the patch on j ed. The unit as a whole has been cit
iiibtead of sewing it. The mend is j ed lor distinguished service and each
I no American citizen will be deprived of the clocto
in the east.
! choose a Jifrizoutnl increase iu wages j mater and shows less.
i member wears a medal. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 1,1919.
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW'
PAGE FIVE
THE DAILY'
EViEW'S
n
rs
v I
vj:.
"1"
R
: i CCJi 1
STAGE ALL SET FOR EL PASO
PHDLNIX ROAD RAGE SUNDAY
With the stage all set for the
event, what promises to be the speed
iest and hardest contested road race
ever held between El Paso and
Phoenix will start from the Texas
city at 6 o'clock tomorrow morning.
The first car is due to reach Bisbee
at between 2 o'clock and 2:30 o'clock
in the afternoon, when they will go
into control until C. 30 o'clock Mon
day morning, when they will begin
the second leg of the 500-mile trip
at 5-ininute intervals.
The distance to be covered by the
43 cars in the classic is 540.8 miles.
The distance to Bisbee, the night
control station, is 2S3 miles, leaving
257.8 miles to be covered on Monday.
The first car to leave El Paso will
be a Packard owned by H. E. Downey
of Lowell, and the last to be given
the starting signal will also be a
Warren district car, a Ford owned
by Thomas & Davis of Bisbee. Two
hours r.nd 48 minutes will elapse be
tween the time the first car leaves
and the last is started, the intervals
between each car being four minutes.
As soon as the cars reach Bisbee;
they will be taken in charge by J.j
A. Kenipon. chief of police, who willj
be in charge of the control station,:
which will be on Main street along;
the Phelps-Dodge Ptore to the depot.!
A space about 10 feet wide along
ihw store and warehouse will be,
roped off and the cars will be guard
ed riurinz the nieht by special offi
cers. The first car will leave fori
Tombstone at 6:30 o'clock Monday)
morning. . i
ThP nurse for the winners totals
$11,300. and the first prize is $7800.1
Of this amount the i. t'aso cnam
bor of commerce gave $5000; the
Arizona Fair association $5000; Bis
bee $1000, and Tucson $1000. The
first race, run in 1913, was won by
Jed Newkirk in a Simplex, which is
also entered in the present event.
The race in 1014 was won by Hugh
B. Miller in a Pope-Hartford.
The average speed per mile In the
1914 race was 37.1, and it la being
predicted freely that this will be
raised tomorrow and Monday to at
least 40 miles.
The chief towns through which
the racers will pass are Deming,
Lordsburpr, Rodeo, Douglas, LMsbee,
Tombstone, Tucson, Fiorence Mesa
and Tempe.
All the roads in Cochise county will
he in first-class shape when the rac
ers come through according to Dr.
N. C. Bledsoe, who is in charge of
the race arrangements for the coun
ty. The stretch between Rodeo and
Douglas has been smoothed and dan
ger signals were placed yesterday.
To prevent racers from taking the
road by way of Benson, a special
guard will be placed" to see that the
cars go via the Empire ranch. A
special request has also been issued
that the people of the Warren dis
trict keep off the Bisbee, Warren and
Osborn road during Sunday after
noon. Traffic on the Douglas road
will be shunted to the valley road
during the morning and afternoon.
On Monday morning the street
cars will not run up Tombstone can
yon after 6:30 o'clock in the morning
until the last racer has left the stand.
Traffic coming into Bisbee on Mon
day morning must arrive here before
6:30 o'clock or it will be held up un
til the contestants have left for
Tombstone.
Legion Masquerade
Features Halloween
One of the big features of the Hal
lowe'en celebration in Bisbee last
night was the masquerade ball given
by the local post of the American
Legion at Eagles' hall, which had
been iit-corated especially for the af
fair. The prize for the best woman's
costume was won by Miss Naomi Mc
Allister, and the prize for the mem
was awarded to Charles McManhon,
who personified Charlie Chaplin. The
prize waltz was . won by Mrs, Camp
bell and Mr. Gillespie. Masks vere
taken off at 11 o'clock.
MENU FOR TODAY
c.-kes and syrup, coffee. '
LUNCHEON1 Creamed salmon on
tcast, sliced tomatoes, raisin pie, tea.
DINNER Bean soup, stuffed pep
per salad, brown bread and butter,
floating island, wafers, coffee.
Tucson Arizona Aviation Co. com
pleting plans for early operations.
Chandler accepts plans for new
$125,000 high school building.
!
Saturday Specials
.,' Get Your Chicken Early for Your Sunday Dinner
FRIERS OR BROILERS
Remember They Are Home Killed and Dressed.
SPECIALS
We are now able to supply the trade with nice, large,
Select Louisiana
Oysters
A Large Stock of Sweet, Sour and Dill
PICKLES
. Olives in Bulk
GENUINE K. C. LAMB, MUTTON, VEAL,
ROASTS, BEEF AND PORK
Fair Prices, Fair Treatment and A 1 Service is
OUR MOTTO
Miner's Meat Market
NACO ROAD - PHONE 141
ESS
I -a.
Call for Sanitary Cottage
It Pays To Pay Cash
SATURDAY SPECIALS
i
Golden State Butter P. ...lb. 77 Vzc
Potatoes, 23 lbs ....$1.00
Swife Premium Hams ...lb. 42c
Swift Premium Bacon ...lb. 54c
- Agency Boss Patent Flour :
WE DELIVER
CPU k MART
i
The Seasosi loir
Grimes Goldemt
Apples Is NOW
A Car From the Famous Mesa Orchards Just Received
I
Order a Box From Your Grocer Today
i
Phone 221
. i
Lowell
Saturday
Special
LIPPENCOTTS
CATSUP
Full Pints, 25c
Contains no colorings or
Preservative
Arizona Grocery
' :
Company
Phone 170
UPPER MAIN STREET
Saturday Specials
Cream Puffs
Mocha Cakes
ji7iesi
Creamery S
j I Butter
tclb
Select Eggs, 80c Per Doz
Always have on hand
Fresh Cream, Milk,
Buttermilk
Fresh Cottage Cheese
Per Lb. 25c
y
Bakery
PHONE 75
LOWELL, ARIZ.
Bisbee Creamery
Phone 375 Allen Blk.
Safety
r fo
First
When you buy meat, make the butcher show
ycu the U. S. Government Inspector's stamp
and rest assured that you are not eating a
steer that had tuberculosis, or a hog that died
of cholera. ' '
The rancher who slaughters a few cattle and
sells them to your local butcher is not a vet
erinary and is not posted on the methods of
telling if an animal is diseased. '
We have a U. S. Government Inspector at
our Packing House at Tovreaville (Near Don
Luis) an expert veterinary who carefully
examines every animal killed and who puts
the U. S. stamp of approval on only those
found .to be sound, healthy and fit for human
food.
Safety first! Your health is the best asset
you have. Don't run the risk of ruining it
by eating infected meat.
Tovrea's
United States Food Administration License
Number B-07681
Brewery Ave. Market Johnson Meat Co.
Lowell Market Czar Market PAGE SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER I, 1919
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
'STOCKS AND BONDS
NEW YORK, Oct. 31. Disregarding
the more critical aspects of the labor
situation, as suggested by the threat
ened walkout of the bituminous coal
miners tonight, stocks were again
puslied forward today, the turnover
being the most extensive, vith one
exception, of the month.
Steels, equipments and affiliated
shared whose productive capacity
would be most seriously affected by a
protracted suspension of operations at
the mvines, dominated the market to
a greater degree than at any recent
period.
These issues almost as a whole,
soared to highest levels of the current
movement. In a number of note
worthy instances new maximums not
enly for the year, but for all previous
periods, were registered.
The market displayed remarkable
stability throughout, reacting dnly
moderately in the final dealings, when
call loans rose to j per cent, the
higlfest rate in many weeks, and . 10
per cent ovier the initial quotations.
Foremost features included Repub
lic Iron, which retained the greater
part of its 15 point advance; Lacka
wana and Gvlt States Steels at ex
treme gains 'of 8 points, Pressed
Steel Car, 5 aod others of that group,
2 to 4. United States Steel, however,
eased at the close.
Baldwin Locomotive ?r the equip
ments .though forfeiting part or its
C point rise, and several of the less
prominent shares of that division,
notably Worthingrton Pump, Otis Ele
vator and Chicago, Pneumatic Tool
mad gross gains of 5 to 12 points.
Shippings, Republic and Stutz mo
tors, United States ; Rubber, American
Woolen, May Department Stores, In
ternational Paper, American Writing
Paper pfd, and sugats comprised the
other outstanding stocks, advancing
4 to 20 points at Uerr best. Sales
amounted to 1,950,000 shares. '
oBnds were without, especial fea
ture, though irregular in the main on
smaller dealings. Total sales, par
value, aggregated $13,375,000. Old
United States bonds were unchanged
on call.
CORN MARKET
CHICAGO, Oct.- 31. Rainy weather
and consequent delay to husking and
cribbing gave an. advantage ' to bulls
in the corn market today. Closing
prices, though, were unsettled rang
ing from c net decline to an ad
vance of -2c, with December fcl.2S
to $1.24, and May $123 to $1.24.
Oats gained cc to ctf- In
provisions the outcome varied from a
setback of 15c to a rise of $1.
Atmospheric conditions likely to
hinder the movement of corn from
the interior led to increased nervous -
ness among shorts, who already hafl
reason to worry, owing to excessive
moisture of late and as a result of
the meagerness of the supply of rail
road cars and of storage room. Aside
from such factors, bullish sentiment
was added to by strength shown in
ether commodities than grain and in
the stock market as well. Heavy
profit-taking sales, however, made
corn values sag also somewhat in the
later dealings, especially in the May
delivery, as the general demand at
present is for December shipment.
Oats were helped upward by mes
sage telling of export sales of 500,000
bushels in the last two days at New
York.
Packers were buyers of lari, pre
sumably against export sales for de
ferred shipment. This circumstance,
together with the upward slant ot
grain and hog values, made nearly all
provisions advance. .
FINANCIAL NOTES
NEW YORK, Oct. 31 Dun's tomor
row will say: After months of grow
ign disaffection, labor unrest casts a
deepening shadow over the economic
outlook, and tempers the optimism
engendered by the present activity of
business in many quarters. With
some strikes reaching a settlement
and other apparently nearing a con
clusion, the situation would be less
disturbing if fresh troubles were not
constantly arising, or If there were
definite assurance that more Btable
conditions would soon be witnessed.
Yet demands for adjustments in
wages and hours of employment have
continued, both in manufacturing and
mercantile channels, and prospects
have not been improved by the men
ace of a walkout among bituminous
coal miners and the possibility of still
greater inconvenience to the coun
try's Industries. The disorganization
which results from the many existing
controversies and the decreased effi
ciency of labor not only seriously re
stricts production
and tends to ad -
vonce prices by further depleting thej
already meager stocks of various (
commodities, but also diminishes the j
purcnasing power or thousands or 1
workers, and evidences of a contrac
tion of retail trade are now plainly
discernible in some sections.
Weekly bank clearings, $8,203,327.
OIL COTTON MARKET
NEW YORK, Oct. 31 Cotton closed
steady at a net gain of 8 to 66 points, j
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Closing Quotations, October 31, 1919
NEW YORK STOCKS
American Can
American Car
American Beet
American Sugar
63
134
9S
145
4T
80
126
144V4
107
39
lAliis Chalmers
American Linseed ....
Associated Oil
Baldwin Locomotive
Bethlehem Steel
B. and O
Canadian Pacific
Caddo
Cerro ..
Central Leather
Crucible Steel
C. and O.
Dutch
149
30
57
- 106
r30
57
-107
uaston 26
General Motors 380
Great Northern pfd ' 84
Great Northern Ore 43
International Nickel 27
Industrial Alcohol . 106
Maxwell Motors 52
Marine pfd 112
Mexican Petroleum 253.
Oklahoma Products 10
Ohio Gas 53
Pan American
Pennsylvania
Pierce Arrow
132
42
89
81
Reading
Republic Steel .140
Rubber L.135
SL Paul 43
Southern Pacific 108
Sinclair Oil .'. 60
Studebaker 140
Texas Pacific 52
Texas Oil 337
Union Pacific
Union Oil
U S. Steel
U. S. Food
Willys
122
42
109
i 85
34
76
White Motors
NEW YOR KCOPPERS
Anaconda
Butte .'
CV 1 i n o ............ ,1,,,,,...
etui :
Green Cananea
Inspiration .
Kcnnecott
Miami
Nevadi
.. 66
.- 24
- 41
- 20
- 40
- 8
- 82
- 25
Old Dominion
Ray Con
40
22
14
80
Sbattuck
Utah Copper
American Smelters
65
BOSTON COPPERS
Adv
Arc
Arizona Coml
Allouez ...i
1
4
14
39
73
405
50
3
13
17
4
67
6
4
2
5
Calumet & Arizona
C. and H.
Copper Range
Daly West
, Davis Daly
East Butte
Franklin
Granby
Hancock
Helvetia
Keenesaw .
Lake Copper
May Old Colony
Mohawk
7
66
17
24
11 V
57
29
65
34
2
1
9
North Butte
New Cornelia
Nip
Osceola
Pond Creek
QuJncy
Roy
Shannon
Trinity
Utah Copper
GRAIN AND COTTON
December corn 1.28
December oats .71
January cotton ... 35.40
NEW YORK CURBS
Amalgamated Roy
Aritex
1
2
6
1
Big Ledge
Cresscn
Con Copper
Con Arizona
Duadee
Dena .......
Gadsden
Ilecla
2
5
4
Howe .-
Hull
Jerome Verde
Kay
Magma Copper
Magma Chief
Miami ......
Silver King
United Eastern
Verde Extension
Verde Combination
Ray ..
35
..... 1
....
.... 10
....
.... 4
4S
H
- 2
.... 6
Night Hawk . ...
OIL3
Cosden '. 10
Federal Oil 3 '
Houston 155
M.-W. Refining 171
Okmulgee J .. 2
sapulpa 7
Southwestern Develop. Co.
Regular - 1
First Issue 2
Second isfue . 2
First option
Second option .. .
Ranger Central .23S
Ocean 200
Weimar 129
LIBERTY BONDS
3T Pr cent 99.46
"4 per cent 99.46
3 per cent 100.70
Fjrgt 4 per cent 95 00 J
Hobbies Lodge Ridfes
if vfe iPtik
neve uses a . rmSc vA
SAFETY RAZOR JS$f
i Ifjjj m imi
AtWAYSATS
HES QUITE A FOOTBALL
FAN -YEAH BO !
RACEGAR
Following is the list of cars in the El Paso-Phoenix road race on Sunday,
together with their numbers, drivers, cities represented and their leaving
time at El Paso. The first car is expected in Bisbee about 2 o'clock! Sunday
afternoon. They will remain here until 6:30 o'clock Monday morning:1
No. Car. Entrant and Driver. Leaving time.
1. Packard H. E. Downey, entrant and driver, Lowell 6:00
2. Ford Gila Motor Co., entrant; Johnnie Clark, driver, Globe. 6:04
3. Locomobile M. T. Gonzalullas, entrant; Fred Kyte,' Atlantic, driver.6:08
4. Dodge R. B. Armstrong, entrant and driver, Fort Worth. 6:12
5. Hudson T. B. Cunningham-Rutledge, entrant and driver, El Paso..6:16
6. Simplex Joseph F. Allison, entrant and driver, El Paso 6:20
7. Marmon C. X. Thompson, entrant; W. E. Duel, driver, Phoenix....6:24
8. Buick Abe Aguilar, entrant and driver. El Paso. 6:28
S. National Lester Motor; Colester and Head, entrant and driver,
Deming 6:32
10. Ford C. E. Johnson, entrant and driver, El Paso..... 6:36
11. Packard F. N. Hall, entrant; C. A. Campbell, driver, El Paso 6:40
12. Pope-Hartford Hoit Medler, entrant and driver. Globe 6:44
14. Hudson C. W. Gilpin, entrant and driver, El Paso, 6:48
15. Ford Monte Monsfield, entrant; W. J. Taber, driver, Tucson.: ..6:52
16. Euick Watkins & Hutchins, entrants; John T. Hutchins, driver,
Eli Paso .. ."- .....6:56
17. Paige R. C. Saufley, entrant; John Thomas, driver, Phoenix 7:00
IS. Dodge Babcock & Righetti, entrants; F. Babcpck, driver, Phoenix.7:04
19. Buick R. A. Durio, entrant and driver, Las Cruces 7:08
20. Rowe E. T. Rowe, entrant; Morall Decker, driver. Phoenix 7:12
21. Marmon Boss Rubber Co., entrant; M. L. Naquin, driver, El Paso..7:lG
22. Buick H. L. Altenburgh, entrant and driver. Phoenix 7:20
23. Ford Snodgrass & Sparks, entrants; H. S. Sparks, driver, Floydada.7:24
24. American David F. Wilkie, entrant and owner, Tempe 7:28
25. Chandler S. N. Holman, entrant and driver, Satford 7:32
26. Mercedes-Simplex Lewis & Brandberg, entrants;, C. F. Lewis,
driver, Glendale - 7:36
27. Buick T. W. Holland, entrant and driver, Silver City - ....7:40
2:5. Pope-Hartford Hugh B. Miller, entrant and driver,. Phoenix 7:44
29. Buick Watkins Motor Co., entrant; C. E. Monyer, driver, El Paso...7:48
30. Hudson B. B. Elkins, entrant; James O'Connell, driver, Albuquerq.7.52
31. Buick Walter Parham, entrant; Glen Thomas, driver. Phoenix 7:56
32. Haynes West Texas Motor Co.. entrants; H. O. pottorff, driver,
El Paso ,.
33. Dodge Charles T. Goldtrap, entrant and driver, Phoenix 8:04
34. National Tardy & Randle, entrants; J. T. Tardy, driver, Douglas..-8:08
25. Mercer M. J. Main, entrant and driver, Elk, Nev. .'. 8:12
36. Velie M. L. Naquin, entrant; Charles Fassett, driver. El Paso S:16
37. Hudson Cal Messner, entrant; D. D. Griffith, driver. Phoenix 8:20
38. Pathfinder O. J. Tyson, entrant and driver, Columbus 8:24
39. : Hudson Francis E. Lester entrant and owner, Mesilla Park 8:28
40. Premier Rey A. Lester, entrant; C. R. Lester, driver, El Paso 8:32
41. Stutz D. U. Rakestraw, entrant; K. B. Luscombe. driver, El Paso...8:36
42. Marmon C. A. Bennett, entrant;
City
43.
44.
Stutz Dunbar & Co., entrants; J.
Ford Thomas & Davis, entrants;
Second 4 per cent , 93.00
First 4 per cent 95.10
Second 4 per cent 95.52
Third 4 per cent 3.10
Fourth 4 per cent . 95.10
COLLINS & BRETHERTON, Brokers
OATMAN
Bid Ask
Big Jim f. 7
oGld Ore 2 3
Gold Dust T 9
Gold Cliffe . 12
Lucky Boy
Sunnyside
6
8
... Z3
Telluride
25
Tom Reed ..
United E&etern
...t.73 1.76
...4.10 4.25
20
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS
Bid Ask
.....2.50 2.62
Gadsden
Green Monster .' 25 .37
Dundee - - 50 .75
Jerome Verde 55 .60
Magma Chief 45 .50
Wolv-Arizona 2.75 3.25
Verde Combination .50 .55
Night Hawk 5.50 5.60
'Kay , 1.50
North TIgre Leas. .25
Con Copper Mines 6.12 6.37
Nacozari Consolidated . .t5 .45
OIL STOCKS
Bid Ask
Bfff 4 '. l.SB 1.45
Duke of Dublin 1.00
Comanche Home ..
.... 1.50
' 1.65
.65 .80
5.00 7.00
4.00 4.75
Comanche County .
El Paso-Ranger
El Paso-Burkburnett
King 8
HENRY" CABOT LODGE
WRITES BOOK AFTER BOOK
NUMBERS
Ernest F. -Bennett, anver, buvi
8:40
G. Webb, driver. El Paso 8:44
John Davis, driver, Bisbee 8:48
Ocean L,
Ranger Central
Ranger Burk
Ranger O. and G. .t
Silver Cycle
Texas Crude :
Weimar
.1.1.85 2.00
2.25 2.35
1.65 1.75
2.25 2.40
.80
. .50
1.25
1.05 1.15
.. .10
1.00
Homer Union
U. S. Oil
Bisbee-Texas
Southwestern Develop. Co.
First Issue -r
Second Issue
First option . .
Second option
Stock (no option) ..
0
2.25
2.00
.70
.50
1.50
Faust Case Before
Superior Court
The case of the State of Arizona
against B. F. Faust was begun in
the superior court at Tombstone yes
terday and probably will be conclud
ed today. The case of "Billy" Chrls
tlanson, accused of vagrancy, went
to the jury yesterday and' up to a
late hour in the afternoon no ver
dict had been returned.
Dominic Cotero, who appealed . to
the superior court after having been
found guilty here of assaulting a
tenant of one of his houses, was
found not guilty by a jury.
HOT IN PHILADELPHIA
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 2S. Today's
heat broke all records for October 28.
At 2 p. m. the weather bureau ther
mometer registered 84 degrees.
Bowling Results
In spite of the hubbub in the lobby
of the 'Y,' due to the Hallowe'en en
tertainment, the bowling enthusiasts
witnessed two interesting matches
last night. The dyed-in-the-wool
bowler is not to be turned aside from
his favorite sport by any counter at
tractions. Captain Harrington's Y. M. C. A.
team defeated Clarence Wittig's P. D.
Main Office team, and Captain Ab
bott's Woolworth bowlers aowned
Captain Mayall's C. Q. Shop team.
Scores were as follows:
Y. M. C. A.
Harrington . 176 195 163 539
Tuell 153 149 125 427
Prodonovich 132 151 147 430
461 495 440 1396
P. D. Main Office
Wittig 130 143 131 404
Hicks 153 118 131 402
Chapman (x) 123 123 123 369
406 384 385 1175
139
(x) Handicap
Total 1314
Woolworth
Duff 1 1 :-135 122 140 397
Boehmer 149 124 131 404
Robertson 158 182 186 526
442 428 457 1327
C. P. Shops
Mayall : 138 114 172 424
Pugner .144 128 143 415
Dermody (x) 132 132 132 396
414 374 447 1235
(x) Handicap 55
Total 1382
WASHINGTON. Oct. 30. Govern
ment control of sugar has saved the
American people a possible $256,000,
000 in the year ending July 15. 1919,
the United States sugar equalization
board announced today.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
Department of tne Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix,
Arizona Sent 19 1Q1Q
Notice is hereby given that Ernest
E. Keahey, Box 236, Bisbee, Arizona,
who on May 18. 1916. made hnmn.
stead entry No. .030368, for s 1-2 se
1-4 sec. ii, nw 1-4 Sec. 13 and n 1-2
ne 1-4 Sec. 14, township 22 S.. range
23 E., G. & S. R, B. & Meridian, has
filed notice of intention to make three
year proof to establish claim to the
land above described, before Henrv
C. Beumler, U. S. commissioner,
Douglas, Arizona, on the 30th day ol
uctooer, 1319.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Robert L. Johnson. Geor?n W
Keahey, William E. Hopkins and Kel
ler iiogan, an or Elsbee. Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN, Register.
NOTICE
The annual meeting of the stock
holders of the El Paso & Southwestern
Railroad company, for the election of
directors to serve for the ensuing year
and for the transaction of such other
business as may be properly brought
before the meeting, will be held at the
office of the company in Bisbee, Co
chise county, Arizona, on Monday, No
vember 10, 1919, at 12 o'clock, noon.
' GEORGE NOTMAN, Secretary.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3551.
Serial No. 043122.
UNITED STATES LAND OFFICE
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, Oct. 9, 1919.
Notice is hereby given: That Alma
Clason, whose postoffice address fs
Bisbee. Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the following
named lode mining claims, situate m
the Warren Minin? District rvm..
County, Arizona, In Sections 7, 8, 17
anu is, unapproved T. 23 S., R. 24 E.
G. & S. R. B. & M. described as fol
lows, to-wit:
"CALVERT" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence TJ.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Mining
lsinuc, Dears n. zo- 10' W. 9074.0
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 652.60 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 37 53'
W. 1500.0 feet to Corner
N. 75 17' W. 652.60 feet to Corner
wo. 4; thence N. 37 53' -E. iKn
fteet to Corner No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing a net area of
17.795 acres, expressly excluding area
in conrnct with Survey No. 2133,
Morning Star lode, of 1.150 acres, and
III. an ..
wnn rusDee uownsite Survey of 1.T15
acres.
"LAURA" Beginning ' at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence U.
S. M. M. No. 1725. Warren Mlnmg
District, bears N. 3 49' W. 930t.6
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 24 25' W.
60S.10 feet to Corner No. 3; thence
N. 75" 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner
No. 4; thence N. 24 25' E. 606.10
feet to Corner No. 1, theplace of be
ginning, containing a net area of
18.153 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Survey No. 1834,
Cockney Hill lode, of 2.420 acres.
"MORNING STAR NO. 3" Begin
ning at Corner No. 1, the N. W. Cor
ner; whence U. S. M. M. No. 1725,
Warren Mining District, bears N. 12
05' W. 9885.2 feet: thence. S. 75 17'
E. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thencw
o. t to w . uun.iu ieet in i:nmt
No. 3; thence N. 75 17' W. 1500.0
ieet to comer No. 4; thence N. 24
25' E. 606.10 feet to Corner No. 1, the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 19.882 acres, expressly ex
cluding area In conflict with Survey
No. 1834, Cockney Hill lode, of 0.529
acres, and with Survey No. 3160,
Moonlight lode, of 0.062 acres.
"ALDINGA" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence TJ. I
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Mining
District, bears N. 2 09' W. 9843.8
feet; thence S. 75s 17' E. 1500.0 feet!
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 23 11' r.
600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence N.
75s 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No.
4; thence N. 23 11' E. 600.0 feet to
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 20.436 acres
"ALMETTE" Beginning at Corner
No. 1. the N. W. Corner; whence TJ.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Minmg
District, bears N. 10 06' W. 1037S.8
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 23 11' Tv.
600.0 feet to Comer No. 3; thence N.
75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No
4; thence N. 23 11' E. 600.0 feet to
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 17.614 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflrct
with Survey No. 3162, Silica lode c
0. 676 acres, and Survey No. 3166.
Moonlight lode of 2.146 acres.
. "ANITA" Beginning at Corner No.
1, the S. E. Corner; whence the N. tu
Corner of Section 30, T. 23 S., R. 24
E., G. & S. R. B. & M. bears S. 68 48'
30" W. 10309.5 feet; thence N. 75
17' W. 1500.0 feetto Corner No. 2;
thence N. 26 40' E. 613.0 Yeet to Cor
ner No. 3; thence S. 75? 17' E. 1500.O
feet to Corner No. 4; thence S. 28
40' W. 613.0 feet to Corner Nc. 1,
the place of beginning, containing
net area of 20.226 acres, expressry
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 3162, Calcutta lode of 0.423
acres.
"WILLUNGA" Beginning at Cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. Corner; whence
the N. E. Corner of Section 30, T. 23
S., R. 24 E., G. & S. R. B. & M. bear
S. 4 34' W. 9764.5. feet; thence rr.
75" 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No.
2; thence N. 31 55' E. 62S.0 feet to
Corner No. 3; thence S. 75 17' E.
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 4; thence S.
31 55' W. 628.0 feet to Corner No.
1, the place of beginning, containing
a net area of 18.975 acre3, expressry
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 1881, North Star No. 2 lode
of 1.6S3 acres.
"ADELAIDE" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the S. E.' Corner; whence the
N. E. Corner of Section 30, T. 23 S.,
R. 24 E, G. & S. R. B. & M. bears b.
3" 02' W. 8770.2 feet; thence N. 75
thence N. 0 06' W. 978.20 feet to
17' W. 300.0 feet to Corner No. 2;
Corner No. 3; thence N. 17 44' E.
77.30 feet to Corner No. 4; thence b.
75 17' E. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 5;
thence S. 17 44' W. 1024.30 feet 10
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 7.652 acres,
expressly excluding area In conflict
with Survey No. 3162, Worchestet
lode of 0.120 acres, Survey No. 3163
Kite lode of 1.725 acres, and with
Survey No. 3162, Buck lode, of 1.335
acres.
The location notices of these clarms
are recorded in the office of the
County Recorder, Cochise County
Arizona, as follows:
Almette, recorded in Book 59, Rec
ord of Mines, page 409.
Aldinga, recorded In Book 69, Rec
ord of Mines, page 40S.
Willunga, recorded in Book 59, Rec
ord of Mines, page 412.
Laura, recorded in Book 59. Record
of Mines, page 411.
Morning star No. 3, recorded rn
Book 59, Record of Mines, page 413.
Your " Money Back
It is just like loaning money on gilt-edge
security when you pay The Review for a
piece of Printed matter.
In the first place you get 100 per cent
value when your work is delivered. That
should be enough.
But we pay our employes 70 per cent of
what it costs to do your printing.
If there is any Bisbee business man who
does not know) what becomes of a pay roll,
he's "sure out of luck."
The wise business man will have.no diffi
culty in seeing a fat margin for himself.
Better get it while the getting's good.
Printing
or tvenv
DESCRIPTION
Bisbee
PHONE
Adelaide, recorded in Book 32, Rec
ord of Mines page 313.
Anita, recorded in Book 59, Record
of Mines, page 407.
Calvert; recorded in Book 59, Rec
ord of Mines, page 410. -
The names of the adjoining claims
to this survey are: On the North,
Survey No. 1834, Cockney Hill lode,
and Survey No. 2133, Morning Star
lode; on the East, Bisbee townsite,
Survey No. 2674, Morning Star No. 2
lode. Survey No. 2133, Morning Stai
lode, Survey No. 1670, Contention
lode, Survey No. 3166. Moonlight looe,
and Survey No. 3162, Buck, Kite,
Worchester.Calcutta and Silica lodes;
on the South, Survey No. 3162, Silica
lode, and Survey No. 1881, North Star
No. 2 lode; on the West, Survey No.
18S1 North Star No. 3, North Star No.
1 and North Star No. 2 lodes, and
Survey No. 1834, Cockney Hill and
Shoemakers' Last Chance lodes.
J. L IRVIN.
Register.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS
Sealed proposals will be received
until 2 p. m. November 17, 1919, at
the office of the Board of Supervisors.
Cochise county, Tombstone, Arizona,
for the construction of sections 2A and
2B of the Bisbee-Douglas highway fed
eral project No. 11.
The work consists of approximately
89.377 square yards of pavement.
Proposals shall be addressed to
Thos. Maddock, state engineer, Tomb
stone, Arizona, and plainly marked on
the outside of the envelope "State
Highway Contract,' Bisbee-Douglas
Highway."
Plans and specifications may be
seen at the office of the state engineer
Phoenix, Arizona, or at the office of
the Board of Supervisors of Cochise
county, Tombstone, Arizona, copies of
the plans and specifications may be
obtained on payment of five ($5.00)
dollars to Thos. Maddock, state engi
neer. An unendorsed certified or cashier's
check for 5 per cent of tne total
amount of the bid, payable to the state
treasurer of Arizona will be required
with all proposals.
Satisfactory bonds will be required
cf the contractor to whom award Is
made.
The state engineer reserves the
right to reject any or all bids.
All proposals shall be made on
Hanks furnished for that purpose.
- Phoenix, Arizona, Oct. 16, 1919.
THOS. MADDOCK. State Engineer.
Oct. 19-25-Nov. 1-8-15
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.,
October 17, 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GrVEN, that
Mary Brown, of Stark, Arizona, who,
on May 10, 1917, made Homestead En
try No. 031502, for NW, Section 4,
Township 24-S, Range 23-E, G. & S. R.
B. & Meridian, has filed notice of in
tention to Jnake Three-Year Proof, to
establish claim to the land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee Arizona, on
the 29tH day of November, 1919.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Homer R. Fike of Stark, Arizona.
Robert Arborn of Bisbee, Arizona.
Cormal M. Golns and John Harrison,
both of Stark, Arizona. f
'J. L. IRVIN, Register.
10-24-19
Eevie
39
w SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 't 1919.
THE B ISB EE DAILY REV IEK
PAGE SEVEN
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head are
sents. No ads will be received later
the telephone.
For Sale
FOR SALE Six-cylinder, seven-pas
senger Studebaker, model 1918; run
only 5,300 miles; first clasa paint
and rubber; good shape mechanical
ly. Price ?950.00. Address M.
Clarke, Bank of Bisbee building.
Phone 57.
COLLIE PUPS for sale. J. T. Crow,
third on right, up Spring Canyon.
1373 11-2
FOR. SALE Apples; fine flavor. Pic
nic at St. David Sunday and get
your ..inter apples at the Merril
Orel.:. .'a, eight cents. Bring your
boxes or bags. 1368-Nov.2
RANCH FOR SALE Relinquishment
160 acres, grass land; two miles
east Taylor bridge. Good house,
fence and well. Second water,
$600. Also 60 feet.of 6-inch casing,
one length perforated. P. p. Box
1796. 1366-NOT.8
FOR SALE Furniture for five-room
house, with privilege of renting
hf-nca r. n Krhps. Bhone 888.
TOR SALE Six pigs, about 60 lbs.
each, $7; two gelts, 11 months old,
V-'O each; one sow, two years old,
225; all eood Red breeding. Mrs.
Ella Silvey. McNeal, Ariz. 1364-11-4
FO-i SALE Six-hole coal and wood I
nine p. in Derfect condition; 3-burn-1
er gas plate; portable oven; small
table; bath room medicine cnesi
Mrs. P. D. Wilson, Warren; phone
Blue 712. 1356-Nov.2
FOR SALE Two-inch centrifugal
purup, and Buick motor, cheap.
Write L. R., Review. 1362-11-3
FOR SALE Furnished house, four
rooms: cheap. 245 School hill, High
road, green house. E. Barenski.
136011-3
FOR SALE Four-room house, bath,
screen porch, furniture and garage,
eleven hens; large lot, Maricopa
Trail. J. P. Carlisle. $1,400 cash.
For terms. see I. W. .Wallace.
1359-Nov.4
FOR SALE House, furniture, and
piano, terms. 209 Black Knob View,
Warren. 1338-Nov.4
FOR SALE Studebaker, cut down,
$150 cash; A-No. 1 condition; self
starter, electric lights. T. W.
Gloeckler camp, Naco. 1342-11-5
FOR SALE Gibson $75 mandolin, in
leather case, $35.00. United Loan
& Jewelry Co., Brewery Gulch.
1346-11-5
FOR SALE Studebaker Six; will
taka Ford as part payment. A bar
gain. See Oscar Gillman, or phone
187. 1339-Nov.S
RANCH FOR SALE 320 acres, $1600
worth of improvements; water
alone worth $1,000. Three miles of
Fort Huachuca. Must sell at once;
other interests call me east $3,000.
Box 220, City. 1322-11-3
FOR SALE One . seven-passenger
Overland auto; first-class mechani
cal condition; four new tires. One
Winton Six, seven-passenger, a bar
gain; easy terms. F. J. Keogh ,&
Co. Garage, Lowell. 1327-11-2
FOR SALE 40-acre relinquishment,
12 miles of Bisbee, one mile from
Central school house. Chicken
shallow water, and plenty of it,
$250. Let me show you this prop
erty. Address D. E. Best, General
Delivery, Lowell, Ariz. 1328-11-4
FOR SALE Furnished house; will
sacrifice; party leaving; terms can
be arranged. McDougall, 37 Laun
dry Hill, Metz car stop. 11SS-11-1
FOR SALE One Teninsula range,
cheap. Green-402. 1303-11-1
FOR SALE One 5-passenger Dodge,
good as new. Slag Dump Garage.
1167-tf
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE 120
acres near Colorado Springs,
Colo., for Warren district property.
Address L. R., Box 2119, Bisbee.
Ariz. 1085-Nov 1
FOR SALE -4-horse power, 60 eye'e,
t'iO volt induction motor. Bisbee
Bail Review. 209-8-24-ttf
FOR SALE One second nand 4-ton
Willys utility truck, in very" good
mechanical order;, good body, rea
sonable price. Slag Dump Garage.
160-tf-22
FOR SALE Left in pawn, diamonds,
watches, shotguns, revolvers, at sec
ond band prices. United Loan and
Jewelry Co., Brewery Gulch.
FOR SALE Two Todd protectograph
check writers. E. A. Tovrea & Co.
689 Stf-17
FOR SALE Choice residence lot on
Clawson Hill, facing Main treet.
Bruce Perley, office C. Q. hotel
building , . 1198-11-1
' ' - i ' ' r - r i ' L- . '
FOR SALE Plymouth Hotel. Brew
ery avenue, on account of illness.
1304-11 1
FOR SALE One litter of four pit bull
dogs, from Queen of Satan, of tlickj)
Grizzlies.. Phone SSS.
A $3.00(1.00 sioi- -w- you io eelecf I
from lor that printing job. Phone 39, J
athe rate of 1 cent per word for each insertion, with a minimum charge of 25
than 7 p. m., for insertion the next morning and no ads will be taken over
'
For Rent
FOR RENT Furnished two-room
apartment, with bath, Adams Addi
tion, opposite Lincoln school;
brown frame. 1369-Nov.2
FOR RENT Two nice rooms for
light housekeeping, everything
61ean, $16.00, light and water fur
nished. 16 Tank Hill, third house
from Brophy's. 1370-11-7
FOR RENT Four-room furnished
house. Mrs. Hanley, 170 Opera
Drive. 1374 11-7
COMPETENT woman to do washing.
Address" Box 2511, or call 86B,
Voungblood hill. 1352-11-6
FOR RENT Three-rooms, furnished
for light housekeeping. No. H
Gardner hill, below ice plant.
1354-11-2
BOR RENT Two or four housekeep
ing rooms, 14 Laundry hill. Shearer.
1358 Nov.2
r
FOR RENT Four-room Wise and
D"-c-""s f"--"-. -
I Also china cabinet
215 Tombstone
Canyon. ; Phone 336. , 1361-11-2
FOR RENT Two-room house, Lock
lin avenue, 73, $8 a month. Joe
Hogles.
1337-11-3
F0R RENT Light - housekeeping
rooms at Hotel Letson, Main street.
1343 11-5
'F0R RENXTwu rooms for light
housekeeping, 42 Jiggerville.
1319-11-5
FOR RENT Three-room furnished
apartment, , gas, $16.00, inrluding
watei. Phone 367. 1375-11-2
FOR RENT Three-room house, fur
nished. Mrs. Winwood, Winwood
addition. 1320-11-5
FOR RENT Small furnished room,
$7.50 per month. Inquire Brown
store, opposite depot. . 1321-F.N.
FOR RENT Three clean, nicely fur
nished housekeeping rooms; new
house, 224 School hill, $18. Apply
Stevens Grocery, Allen block.
1326-10-37
HOUSE FOR RENT Completely fur
nished, five rooms new addition,
Warren. Call at A. B. McKean,
Hoatson avenue, Warren. 1332-11-5
FOR RENT House tent, up-to-date.
Loma, 39 Laundry Ca-ion.
1312-11-3
FOR RENT Housekeeping rooms,
162 Temby avenue. 1195-11-1
FOR RENT Furnished cabin for
bachelors. Inquire No. 52, Upper
Lowell.
FOR RENT Four furnished rooms
Apply Geo. Devine, next to Hayes
House, Tombstone Canyon.
1168-10 30-
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
apartments, two or three rooms;
modern, close In; rent reasonable;
189 Teml7 Ave., one block north of
High School. 1183-11-1
FOR RENT Beautifully new furnish
ed rooms with running water; elec
tric lights, telephone, every con
venience, cool rooms for summer.
close in. La More Hotel, O. K. St.,
near depot. tf
The most complete jot printing
plant in Arizona at your service.
Phone 39, Review.
FOR RENT 2-room partly furnished
apartment. Inquire 64 Robert ave
Mason Hill. 403 tf-8-12
FOR RENT Furnished rooms, Ari
zona Hotel Brewery Gulch, half
block from depot. 1024-11-14
LARGE, CLEAN ROOM, suitable for
two men, in quite, respectable fam
ily. Inquiro four houses back of C.
& A. office,. Warren,- 1347-11 5
TWO ROOMS, furnished for bache
lors; three rooms, partly furnished,
$12. Mrs. Arnold, 127 Art hill.
1350-11-1
FURNITURE of rooming house and
restaurant for sale; 14 rooms run
ning at the present time. Apply at
Naco Border hotel. Mrs. Gray.
Wanted
WANTED Small, clean collage,
apartments, or housekeeping
rooms; no children. Box 1256.
. 1330-11-5
DRESSMAKING Maude Ilerget, La
More hotel, O.- K. street. Phone 391.
1349-Nov.4
WANTED Small wood heater, or
will exchange for small wood cook
ttove. Call Black 773.
WILL EXCHANGE 50 snares of Night
Hawk stock for 250 shares of Kay
Coprer stock. Call Black 773.
1367-Nov.2
YOUNG MAN desires furnished room
' in private family; Warren district
preferred. Address, R. II., Review
office 1372 11-1
Found
oiNJJ v lit rK payauip io .uiijiij
IxilVry. O.winT may have same by
'roving properly ai.l paying for
this ad. 1363 11 1
Miscellaneous
MATERNITY HOME on Mason hill,
' will re-open November 15, superin
tended by Mrs. H. M. Jacobs. Phone
573 Black. 1353-11-4
DON'T SELL YOUR CAR UNTIL
you see us. We buy them running
or wrecked, highest prices paid for
metals, rubber, sacks, hides and
wool. The Arizona Wrecking Co.,
Lowell, Arizona. Phone 446.
BOARD AND ROOM At Superior
House; now under new manage
ment; $45.00 a month. 1323-11-5
ASSESSMENT WORK Experienced,
reliable miner, resident of Bisbee,
will do assessment work anywhere;
reasonable prices. Henry Spangel,
Phone 367. 1333-Nov. 3
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Girl for general house
work; no. washing. Apply E. Marks,
Tank hill. 1340-O-30-tf
WANTED Girl for general house
work. Phone 493.
YOUNG GIRL to help with second
work, and care of baby. Apply in
: person. Mrs. A. Houle, Denn mine.
1351-11-5
WANTED A girl to wait table at
French Kitchen, Brewery Gulch.
LOST
WE BUY AUTOMOBILES wrecked or
running; also junk of all kinds. Bis
bee Junk and Auto Wrecking Co.,
Johnson add. Tel. 54. 1091-O19tf
LOST A gold-handled ladies' um
brella, with initials "M.L.B." Re
ward. Phone 594.
WANTED Boys to sen papers on the
streets. Lots of boys are making
big money on the streets every
morning by a few hours selling The
Bisbee Daily Revtaw. The paper is
ready for you from 4 a. m. "The
early bird catches the worm."
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.,
September 27, 1919.
Notice is hereby given that Nelson
E. Mosher of Box 626, Bisbee, Arizona,
who, on April 28, 1915, made Home
stead Entry No. 027325, for HSEY.
SSWi4, Section 27, NNri.N
NW&, Section 34, Township 22-S.
Range 25-E, G. & S. R. B. & Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
Three-Year Proof to establish claim to
the land above described, before
Henry C. Beumler, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Douglas, Arizona, on the
12th day of November, 1919.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Frederick H. Spaulding of McNeal,
Arizona.
Clemens Bartch of Bisbee. Arizona.
Charles Thornrose. Walter Fulcher,
""'i vl mciNeai, Arizona,
J- L- IKVIN- Register.
109-19 exp. 11-7-19
IN THE JUSTICE COURT
No 3 Precinct. County of Cochise.
btate of Arizona.
Thomas Mason, Plaintiff, vs V N
Brown, Defendant Summons:
Action Brought in the Justice Court
of No. 3 Precinct, in and for the
County of Cochise, in the State of
Arizona.
In the Name of the Slate of Arizona:
To V. N. Brown. Defendant, Greet
ing: You are hereby summoned and
required to appear in an action
brought against you by the above
named Plaintiff in Justice' Court of
No. 3, Precinct, in and for the County
of Cochise, in the State of Arizona,
and answer to tlie Complaint filed in
said Justice Court, at Lowell, in said
County, wUhin five days exclusive of
the day of service, after the service
upon you of this Summons, if served
within (his Trecinct; but if served
without this Precinct, but within the
county, ten days; if served out of the
counly fifteen days; in all other
cases twenty days, or judgment by
default will be taken against you.
Given under my hand at Lowell,
Ariz., this 8th day of October. 1919.
J. L. WINTERS,
Justice, of the Peace for said Precinct,
one a wek T4
U. S. LAND OFFiCE
Phoenix, Oct. 9. 1919.
Survey No. 3555.
Serial No. 042965. .
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR
PATENT.
Notice is hereby given that in pur
suance of the United States Minmg
Laws, Mrs. Ann Hughes, whose post
office address' is Bisbee, Arizona, has
made application for patent for 149is
linear reet of the Black Hawk No. j
lode. 1405 linear feet or the Black
Hawk No. 2 lode. 1495 linear feet o
the l!!ak Hawk No. 3 lode. 1495 lrn
ear fee! or the Mlnek Hawk No. t
lode, and 1500 linear feet or the Black
Hawk jo. & ioi situated in- tfie
Warren Mining District.-' Cochise
County. Sinte of Arizona, as described
by tlii official plat herewith posted.
anl hv 'he field notes on lite in tne
office of t!:e Register of the Plioeim
I.aml District. St.; to of Arizona. h
follows, viz:
Black Iiawk No. 1:
Beginning for a description of lae
Black Hawk No. 1 lode, at corner No.
1, when the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
28-33 T. 23 S . R. 25 E G. & S. R. B. &
M. brs. S. O. ' 35' E.. 1560.7 ft.;
thence N. 62 17' W. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence N. 280 55' W. 1495.8 ft
to Cor. No. 1, the place of beginning.
Beginning for a description of the
Black Howk No. 2 lode, at Cor. fno,
1, whence the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
21-28 T., 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B.
& M., brs. No. 20 11' E. 218.6 tt.;
thence S. 62 17' E. 600 ft. to Cot-.
No. 2; thence S. 28 55 W. 1495 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 28
55' B. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place
of beginning.
Beginning for a description of the
Elack Hawk No. 3 lode, at Cor. No.
1, whence the Cor. between Sees.
21-28 T.. 23 S., R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B
& M.. brs. N. 43 16' W. 665 ft.;
thence S. 62" 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 28 55' W. 1495 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 28 55'
E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place of
beginning.
Beginning for a description of tue
Black Hawk No. 4 lodge, at Cor. No.
1, whence the Cor. between Sees
21-28 T., 23 S., R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B.
& M., brs. N. 52 17' W. 1247.6 ft.;
thence S. 62s 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence N. 28 55' W. 1495.8 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62" 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No., 4; thence N. 23
55' E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1. the place
of beginning.
Beginning for a description of the
Black Hawk No. 5 lode, at Cor. No. 1,
whence the 1-4 Cor. 'between Sees."
21-28. T. 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B.
& M., brs. N. 20' 11' E. 218.6 ft.;
thence N. 28 55' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 62 17' E. 1500 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence S. 28" 55; 600 rt.
to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 62 17' W.
1500 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place of be
ginning,
containing 103.019 acres, and forming
a portion of sections 21 and 28, in
township 23 South, range 25 East, of
Gila and Salt River Base and Meri
dian in Arizona.
The location notices of these mines
are recorded in the office of tne
County Recorder of Cochise County,
Arizona, in Book 52, page 163. Book
59. rage 457, Book 52, page 165, Eook
59, page 458, and Book 53, page 420,
respectively, of Record of Mines.
Adjoining claimants are on tfie
South and West i Old Beck, Happy
Find and Charlotte, all unsurveyed,
and owned by J. Muheim.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely any portion of said mines or
surface ground, are required to rne
their adverse claims with the Regis
ter of the United States Land umce
at Phoenix, in the State of Arizona,
urine the sixty days period of publl
cation hereof, or they will be barred
by virtue of the revisions of the
statute. r
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.,
October 3, 1919.
Notice is hereby given that Louis E.
Ganong of Hereford, Arizona, who, on
8-21-13 and .2-7-16,- made Homestead
Entry No. 020622-029373, for SSW4,
Section' 14, NNW'l, Section 23, N
SWtt. SNW&, Section 14. Township
22-S, Range 21-E, G & S. R. B. &
Meridian, haE filed notice of intention
to make three-year proof to establish
elaim to the land above described, be
fore Jared D. Taylor, U. S. Commis
sioner, at Bisbee, Arizona, on the 12th
day of November, 1919.
Claimant names as witnesses:
William A. Lyth, Columbus T. Stoltz
Gilbert J. Perry, Albert J. Voorhees.
all of Hereford, Arizona.
' J. L. IRVIN, Register.
10-10-19 26t
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
For United States Patent,
Mineral Survey No. 3494
Serial No, 042740:
United States Land Office! Phoe
nix, Arizona. Sept. 11. 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN thai
Phelps Dodge Corporation, whose
post-office address is Bisbee, Arizona,
has made application for patent for
the following named lode mining
claims, situate in the Warren Min
Ing District. Cochise County, Arizona:
"HORSE SHOE"
Beginning at Corner No. .1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1"25. Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 0' 36' W.
4614.9 reet; thence S. 38' 04' E.
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 45, C5' W. 600.0 ft-ct to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 38 12' W. 1499.6
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 45
35' E. 603.6 feet to Corner No. 1.
tho place of beginning. Containing
total area of 20.596 acres; expressly
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 1803. "CLIMAX" lode, of
0.473 acres. The
Dresumed course
of the vein on the ela'm i frnm the!
east end
center N. 38 04' 1500.0
feet,
"UNION"
Beginning at Corner rro. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725. Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 13 20' 30" E.
3471.8 reet: thence S. 34 29' E.
150O.O fret to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 45 35' W. i'0"..6 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 34 21' W. 1500.6
reel to Corner No. 4; thence N.: 45
35',. E. 6H0.O reet to ; Corner ! No. 1,
thre 'place of beginning. Containing
a not area ot '20 412 acres. The pre
siinieil course of the vein on this
claim is fiom the west end center S.
:m 2:t' E. 1500." reeu
"ELK"
HenlnniiiT al Corni-r Kn.-l: whencel
U. S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Min-
ing District, bears N. 3 33' 30"
0377.9 feet; thenco S. 05 13'
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 24" 45' " W. 600.0 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 65 13' W. 1500.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 24
45' E. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 1,
the place of beginning. Containing
total area of 20.661 acres; expressly
excluding area in conflict with
"HORSE SHOE" lode of this survey
of 4.336 acres; also area in conflict
with "CENTURY" lode, Survey No.
2553. exclusive of its conflict with
"HORSE SHOE" lode of this survey,
3.216 acres. The presumed course
of the vein on this claim is from the
east end center N. 65 13' W. 1500.0
feet.
The location notices of said claims
upon which -this application is based,
is recorded in the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County, Ari
zona, as follows:
"HORSE SHOE", Book 14, Records
of Mines, page 500,
"UNION", Book 15, Records of
Mines, pages 101-102,
"ELK", Book 50, Records of Mines,
pages 744-745.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the East "CLIMAX" lode,
Survey No. 1803, Bisbee Townsite
Survey, and "CENTURY" lode, Sur
rey No. 2553; on the South "CEN
TURY" lode, Survey No. 2553; on
the West "EQUINOXIAL" lode, un
surveyed, owned by H. Flnotti.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
For United 'States patent,
Mineral Survey No. 3490.
Serial No. 042741.
United. States Land Office, Phoe
nix, Arizona, Sept. 11, 1919.,
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
Phelps Dodge Corporation, whose
post-office address is Bisbee, Ari
zona, has made application for pat
ent for the following named lode min
ing claims,, situate in the Warren
Mining District, Cochise County, Ari
zona: "MAYDAY"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Mining
District, bears N. 38 26' W. 6200.9
feet; thence S. 48 47' E. 1369.3 feet
to corner No. 2; thence S. 22' 35
W. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence
N. 48 47' W. 1369.3 feet to Corner
No. 4; thence N. 22 35' E. 600.0 feet
to Corner No. 1, the place of begin
ning. Containing a total area of
17.872 acres, expressly excluding the
surface ground only in conflict with
Eisbee Townsite Survey, consisting
of 2.066 acre. The presumed course
of the vein on this claim is from
east end center N. 48' 47' W. 1369.3
feet. 1
' "MISSING LINK"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 38" 15' W.
5533.2 feet; thence S. 76 37' E.
600.0 feet the Corner No. 2; thence
S. 22" 35' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 76" 37' W. 600.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 22
35' E. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 1, the
place of beginning. Containing a
total area of 20.405 acres, expressly
excluding the surface ground only in
conflict with Bisbee Townsite Sur
vey, consisting of 5.054 acres. The
presumed course of the vein on this
claim is from the north end center
S. 22 35' W; 1500.0 feet
"BISBEE"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725. Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 33' 4S' W.
C512.9 feet; thence S. 48 47' E. 1369.3
feet to Coiner No. 2; thenco S. 22
35' W. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 3;
thence N. 48" 47' W. 1369.3 feet to
Corner' No. 4;- thence N. 2235' E.
600.0 fqet to Corner No. 1, the place
of beginning. Containing a. total
area of 17.872 acres, expressly ex
cluding surface ground only in con
flict with Bisbee Townsite Survey,
consisting of 16.761 acres. The pre
sumed course of me vein on the
claim is from the west end center
S. 4S 47"E. 1369.3 feet.
The location notices of said claims,
upon which this application is based,
Is recoided in the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County, Ari
zona, as follows:
"MAY DAY", Book 31, Records of
Mines, page 389.
"MISSING LINK", Book 32, Rec-
"BISBEE", Book 54, Records of
Mines, page 21.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the South, Bisbee Townsite
Survey and "BRODIE" lode, unsur
veyed, owned by P. Lombardl Estate;
on the West "FRACTION" lode,
unsurveyed, and "BELLE ISLE No.
1" lode Survey No. 3477.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
For United States Patent.
Mineral Survey No. 3576.
Serial No. 042974.
United States Land Office, rhoe
nix. Arizona, Sept, 15. 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
! Phelps Dodge Corporation, whose
poft-office address is Bisbee, Arizona,
has made application for patent for
the following named lode mining
claim, situate in the Warren Mining
District, Cochise County, Arizona:
"REMAINDER"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
the S. E. corner of Section 27, Town
ship 23 South, Range 24 East, G. &
S. R. B. & M. bears S. 30 50' 30
I K- 2S45.2 feet; thence S. 64 18' W.
352.3 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 8G 15' W. 210.0 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 45' 26' W. 918.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 64"
IS' E. 526.1 feet to Corner No. 5;
thence S. 45 03' E. 999.0 feet to
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning.-
Containing a total area of 11.156
acres: expressly excluding area in
conflict wiih Survey No. 1392. "MOD
OC" lode of 5.218 acres. The pre
sumed course or the vein in this
claim "is from the east end center
N. 43 03' W. 999.0 feet.
The location notice of said '"RE
MAINDER" claim, upon which this
application is based, is recorded in
the office of the County Recorder r
Cochise County, Arizona, in Book 32,
Records of Mines, at page 352.
The names of the adjoining claims
E.iare: On the East "CONTENTMENT"
E. ' lode, Harvey No. 1392; on the South
"MARTIN" lode, Survey -No. 1872 and!
"MASCOT" lode, Survey No. 1743; on
the West "MODOC" ?ode, Survey No.
1392.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION I
For United States Patent, j
Mineral Survey No. 3493. j
Serial No. 042739. j
United States Land Office, Phoe
nix, Arizona, Sept. 11, 1919.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that
Phelps Dodge Corporation whose
post-office address is Bisbee, Ari
zona, has made application for pat
ent for the .following named lode
mining claims, situate in the War
ren Mining District, Cochise County,
Arizona:
"WREN'
Beginning at Corner No. 1, Vhence
U. S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Min
ing District, bears N. 8 56' E.
7147.4 feet; thence S. 5 24' W.
602.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence S.
60 38' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No.
3; thence N. 5 24' E. 602.0 feet to
Corner No. 4; thence N. 60 38' E
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 1, the place
of beginning. Containing net area
of 17.029 acres. The presumed
course of the vein on this claim is
from the east end center S. 60' 38'
W. 1500.0 feet.
"BLUE BIRD"
Beginning at Corner No. 1, whence
(the corner of Sections 5. 0. 7 and 8,
Township 23 South, Range 24 East,
G. & S. R. B. & M. bears N. C5 33' E.
915.9 feet, and) U. S. M. M. Nc. 1725,;
Warren Mining District, bears N. 1" j
52' W. 6348.8 feet; thence S. 5 24';
W. 600.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence!
S. 61 20' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner,
No. 3; thence N. 5" 24' E. 602.0 feet;
to Corner No. 4; thence N. 61" 30 1
E. 1498.9 feet to Corner No. 1, the
place of beginning. Containing a net
area of 17.165 acres. The presumed
course of the vein on this claim Is
from the east end center S. 61" 26'
W. 1500.0 feet.
The location notices of said claims,
upon which this application is based,
is recorded in the office of the Coun
ty Recorder of Cochise County, as
follows:
"WREN", Book 50, Records ol
Mines, pages 745, 746,
"BLUE BIRD", Book 38, Records
of Mines, page 127.
The names of the adjoining claims
are: On the East "CENTURY" lode,
Survey No 2553. "BISBEE QUEEN"
lode, unsurveyed, owned by C. W.
Rambo; on the South "WINNEBAGO"
lode' Survey No. 3384, "KNICKER
BOCKER" lode, Survey No. 3407,
"SILVER LEAD" lode, Survey No.
3456, and "DIAMOND FRACTION"
lode, unsurveyed, owned by C. W.
Rambo. J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
D. C. BROWN, M. D.
Eye, Ear, Nose, Throat and
Fitting df Glasses.
Office Over . Eagle Theatre.
Office Phone 380.
' House Phone, Green 786.
Painting and Paper Hanging
All My Work Is Guaranteed
Satisfactory.
Let Me Give An Estimate on
Your Work.
J. JANCICH, P. O. Box 833.
Lowell Wood & Coal Co.
Phone 630
COAL WOOD HAY
GRAIN
Order Your Fuel While We
Have Plenty on Hand
DR. R. GLAZE
Specialist
EYE NERVE GLASSES
ARTIFICIAL EYES
Opposite Baptist Church
Main Street , Bisbee, Ariz
Phone 156
Border Stage Line
BISBEE NOGALES
Leaves Bisbee .,.l P. M.
Leaves Nogales 1 P. M.
Via Tombstone, Ft. Huachuca
and Patagonia.
Collins & Bretherton
Insurance, All Kinds.
Real Estate, All Kinds.
Homes furnished or Unfurnished
For Sale and Rent.
Employer's Liability
L. T. FRAZIER, Mgr.
Phone 26 Box 2210
Copper Queen Hotel and High-Class Cafe
The best of evcrvihing at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 75c luncheon daily. Also $1.25 dinner from
5 :30 to 7 :20 p. in. Regular Board by the month $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber &. Co., Boston, Cuiuth, Calumet.
- LOGAN Sl BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
COLLINS
AND
BRETHERTON
BROKERS
ALL CURS STOCKS
North Tigre Leasing Go.
25 CENTS PER SHARE
JACK BLDQ., MAIN 8TREET
PHONE 26 BOX 1129
COPPER CITY
Carpenters and Cabinetmakers
4 C's JOB SHOP
Counter, Shelving, Storey Fixtures
and General House Repairs.
LOWELL, Opposite Brophy Garage
MADAM J. REA KEYS
CLARIVOYANT AND CRY8TAL
' HEADER
BORN, NOT MADE
THa wise man investigates, the fool
never does. To which class do you be
long? So positive am I of my power
to tell the past, present and future,
and exactly what you wish to know
that I will make no charge unless you
obtain perfect satisfaction and find
me superior to all other clarivoyanls.
The future can be told. Seek and
you shall find success, harmony,
peace, power and happiness.
Located permanently next door to
Lowell Waiting Room. Office Hours
9 a. m. to 7 p. m. Office Phone 62.
I Residence Phone 621.
DR. PLAY FAIR
Osteopath
98 Mason Hiil Mason Hill Car Stat
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
COAL
WOOD
HAY
GRAIN
Chicken Feed
Phone 121 Office Below
Copper Queen Hotel
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER & STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence Phone 804
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
O K ST.
Phone 667 ReB. Red. 867
JOHN P. STEFFES
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
. Reinforced Concrete and Brick
Construction
Roofing, Jobbing CEMENT WORK
A CLEAN TOOTH NEVER DECAYS
It pays to have your teeth cleaned
every six months.
DR. J. F. TEUFERT
Maze Bldg.
Modern Painless Methods
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 121
Fire Insurance
Auto Insurance
Real Estate
Legal Blanks
Office below
Copper Queen Hotel
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 121 PAGE EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1919
Tips of the Town
NEW MEXICO VISITOR
Miss Ruth Kelly is a business vis
itor to the Warren district from Las
Cruces, N. M. She will remain here
until Sunday, when she will leave
to see the state fair at Phoenix be
fore returning to her' home.
HERE FROM' TOMBSTONE
Jerry Holland of Tombstone spent
yesterday in the Warren district.
I AMni nnnimo it im Hoi vim I
i LnuuLuiiuiixu i i m IHLVII iuill
II fc"ri?W3s M9ii i n jrMHyvM-, J.'.' : I
TO NEW YORK
Mr. and Mrs. S. Amott have leftj
for Syracuse. N. Y., where they in- J
tend to reside permanently. '
ENDS JURY DUTY
Roy Brashear returned yesterday
from Tombstone, where he has been
angaged on Jury duty.
AUDITOR HERE '
H. B. Paul, auditor for the C. St.
A. company, spent yesterday in Bis-
bee.
EXPECTED FROM TUCSON
ft
Mrs. David Pierce is expected
home today from Tucson, where she
has spent the past five weeks.
LEAVES FOR OIL FIELDS
J. A. Granger left the Warren dis
trict ytEterday for the Oklahoma , oil
firlds.
GOES TO DOUGLAS
Kid George will leave for Douglas
this morning to begin work with Rus
sell Chambers, whom he will train
and in whose corner he will be do
ing his fight with Johnnie Celmars
on next- Friday evening.
RESIGNS POSITION
Miss Lizzie Murray has resigned
her position at the Lowell confec
tionery store.
RECOVERING FROM INJURY ,
Mr. A. Brown, 'whose . foot was in
jured about a week ago at the Junc
tion shaft, was reported yesterday
to be recovering rapidly.
FOOTBALL GAME
The football team of the Horace
Mann Junior High school will play
the Douglas Junior High school at
Warren park at 2:30 o'clock this
afternoon.
IAUTO MAN RETURNS
W. L. Smart, special representative
'of the Chevrolet Automobile company
iu the Warren district, returned yes-
j terday from a week's business trip
W ju raso. wun nim returned , his
STUNT DAY TOMORROW i wife, who has been, visiting their son.
The Bible school of the First Chris- a"' airplane battery -. expert at Fort
tian. church will observe tomorrow . Eliss. She has been in Texas for
44 y
as "Girls' Stunt Sunday," one of a
series of special Sunday features
which have been planned by the
church. Another picture of the mem
bers of the Bible school will also
be taken. . 1
about a month.
- A-JQ I
1
TO. HOLD ENTERTAINMENT
The women of St. Patrick's parish j f-fcout a week
are planning for a card party and'
entertainment to be held on next I
Thursday evening at St. Patrick's
hall. There are to be several spe
cial features on the program and a
large attendance is expected.
TO STUDY MUSIQ
Miss Ruth Wilcox, accompanied by
Mrs. II. L. Kohlberg, leaves today for j
Phoenix, where she will attend the
School of Music. Mrs. Kohlberg will
vieit the state fair, and will return in
NEW YORK. They wouldn't pay an advar.ce of.$B a month rent un
less the landlord would give them a year's lease, and the landlord threw
them out. There were 40 families ol ttiem. The scene is in East 105th-st.
Two Boys Suspected
Burglary Arrested
CENSUS TAKER HERE.
Ray Leach, who is m charge of
the census for Arizona, was -in Bis- numDer of thefts in Cochise county,
td Whitby and Eugene Patton,
young circus roustabouts who are
accused of having perpetrated a
bee yesterday.
FIGHT ASSURED
A main event fight for the card
of the BJsbee Athletic club on No
vember 22 was practically assured
yesterday when Walter Caldwell of
New Mexico telegraphed that he is
willing to meet Kid George here on
that date.
were arrested yesterday at Douglas
and are being held there for the
sheriff's office. The youths are said
to have stolen two ponies, a rifle or
two, and quantities of other articles
from automobiles and houses.
Their arrest was due td their be
ing seen by Allie Howe on the Doug
las road on two unshod ponies. The
information was telephoned to the
sheriff's office, which notified Doug
las, tt is believed that the youths
will . be given their preliminary hear-
AFTER A LONG ABSENCE
T. N. Stanton, who left Bisbee 18 inc tnrlnv
years ago for South America, andi , -n ,
who has been' engaged in tin mining Phoenix Board of Education ?nak
in Pero, Bolivia and Chili, returned ing: every effort to relieve shortage
to this city yesterday. ' of teachers.
PEGGY AND THEWASP
RESCUE A BUTTERFLY
GOB IIS HOLD
IT T
SI
VESSELS SUNK
LONDON, Ckt. 31 An unconfirmed
j report has reached the Globe. that
I three Bolshevik vessels w ere sunk
iwhen the Bolsheviki attempted to
j l&nd on the ccast in the neighborhood
I of Petrograd, the vessel being bom
barded by a British fleet.
"Did you make a sleeping ham
mock like the larva's?" asked Peg
gy of the Viceroy. '
"No. You see, I was . hatched in
the spring; so I made a chrysalis
and changed into a butterfly the
same season."
' "Will the larva come out of his
nest, make a chrysalis and change
to a butterfly in the spring?" asked
the girl.
"Yes, that, is right. Now let us"
"Wait," said Peggy, suddenly dart
ing across the meadow, "I will be
back in a minute."
"Ah."
"Stop ' saying 'Ah and take that
butterfly out of your cap!" she com
manded furiously. '
"Ah," he repeated tormentingly. ,
"What are you going to do with
It?" she'demanded.
"Stick a pin through it, of course."
''O-o-o-o!" she shrieked.
"Horrors, horrors!" screamed the
Viceroy, and rose flying in circle
after circle above their heads.
But the time had come for the
wasp to take his part. Flying near
"Wonder what's up," asked the i tne miscreant's ear, he sang a lively
Viceroy of the wasp. "Can you see?"!11' tune. It may be that the boy
"No," said the wasp, "suppose we I suddenly learned that insects speak.,
follow and find out." Atany rate, when the wasp buzzed,
"Tl.ey found the girl-child disput- j "You Set out of here or I'll sting
ing savagely with a tantalizing : little 'ou Eood and proper," the boy
uithin. "You let that go free, I tell dropped the cap and fled in terror,
you!" she commanded, stamping heri: Then the girl, the Viceroy, and
foot. j the wasp, drew around the cap
"Ah, go on," said the boy. , where it hung on the weeds, and
"Do you hear, you let that butter- j waited,
fly go! They are perfectly beauti-j "Oh!" exclaimed the girl-child
ful: things and can talk and every-; suddenly. "Oh, how beautiful!" For
thing!." i
"Ah, stop feeding me stuff!" frm beneath the battered P there
"I'm not. Almost all butterflies ! stepped a dainty- little butterfly
With any number of the tribe of
Beelzebub; with ghosts ia every cos
tume; with elves and hobgoblins, the
Y. M. C. A. and the Y. W. C. A.
celebrated Hallowe'en last evening,
while more than 1,000 spectators
thronged the rooms of the "Y" build
ing. From th? auditorium to the at
tic the large building was devoted
to the pastimes of the day apples
and doughnuts were there in plenty;
the decorations were the time-honored
conceits of Hallowe'en and,, to
bring the last touch of realism, Auld
Nick himself guarded the door to
the Chamber of Horrors.
Early in the evening the girls of
the Reserves presented a playlet,
"Engaging Janet," which ; had been
placed on the program by request
and which was a.'- well rendered as
it was at its first performance sev
eral days ago. Then . the Hy-Y girls
held a "Goof" parade, after which
the crowd began to circulate through
the various rooms where entertain
ment of all kinds had been provided
for them. Chief among these fea
tures was the Egyptian dance given
by Louis - Gregovicb, In the gymnas
ium, which was counted' one of the
hits of the evening.
. There were pie-eating contests and
candy-eating contests and all sorts
of contests for. the youngsters. The
spiral staircase had its flow of vis
itors; the Chamber of Horrors,
where Mephistopheles ushered the
spectator into the room where one
of his satellites welcomed him with
the ."frozen mit," . where electrified
wires . kept him moving and where,
after all his journey, he came to a
lunch of coffee, doughnuts and ap
plesall were designed for hilarity
and fun and achieved their purpose.
The decorations were designed and
placed by Miss Emily Steele and
Miss Wilmer and were made by tie
children of the district schools. . .
EVACUATES TOWN
LONDON, Oct. 30. A wireless dis
patch received from Moscow reports
that General Yudenitch has been com
pelled to evacuate Gatchina, owing to
the -fact that the Bolsheviki are mem
aclng his line of: communication.
Belgian King Sails
For .Home After 29
Days of Travel and
Feating in U. S. A.
OLD POINT COMFORT, Vt., Oct.
31. The transport George Washing
ton steamed away from Hempton
Roads at 1:30 o'clock today bearing
King Albert of the Belgians, Queen
Elizabeth, Prince Leopold and their
suite, homeward bound after twenty
nine days In the United States. The
guns at the Norfolk navy yard
boomed a national salute as the
barges which carried the royal party
to the ship oust off from the pier,
after the king and queen had inspect
ed 'the navy yard. Aboard the George
Washington, . boatswain's whistles
piped them over the side and the
ship's band played the Brabanconne,
while Captain McCauley ' stood at
salute at the gangway and the ship's
crew manned the rails.
King Albert stood on the bridge
of the transport with his wife and
son beside him, gazing shoreward,
the big vessel steamed slowly down
the bay escorted by battleships and
destroyers and with the noyal stand
ard of Belgium fluttering from the
masthead. '
The king and his party, accompa
nied b jr Secretary Lansing of the state
department ; and Assistant Secretary
Long, who has been with the party
throughout its tour ot the United
States and by Secretary Daniels of
the navy department,' arrived at For
tress Monroe-oh a special train from
Washington. There, and later at
Portsmouth, the king was greeted by
state and local officials and the
crowds which, gathered to .-reo(eive
him.
Warren Bakery and Grocery
Is Now Open for Business
Saturday, Nov. 1st
Ceefiral
THEATRE
TODAY 1 TO 11
Special Matinee
She Is Here
ur
MEYERS WINS. ,
Johnnie Meyers, Bisbee's favorite,
who has been putting up a stellar
brasd of boxing in the Warren dis- j
trict, stepped into Tucson yesterday
and whipped Ralph Pena to a stand
still in a six-round go. The decision
went to Johnnie by a good margin.
In the main event, Chet Neff,
lightweight champion of the south
west, took the decision over Al Mc
Manus in ten rounds.
The Wicked
Darling"
Featuring the Meteoric
Screen Star
"Priscella Dean"
A Jewell Production
International Current
Events
'Charlie From the Orient'
"A Pair of ? Duces"
TOMORROW ,
TOM MIX
In
Hell Roarin'
Reform"
EAGLE
THEATRE
Today and Tomorrow
Attraction Extraordinary
Concluding Chapter of
'Tarzan of the Apes"
The Reel Super-picture
that you have been
awaiting for months
Also a Sunshine Comedy
This wonderful special
show at regular house
prices
I imiiiiiii
Business Locals
JUNIOR ORDER, UNITED AMERI
CAN MECHANICS
All members are urgently -requested
to attend meeting Saturday, Nov. 1st.
Important business.
3. W. CORCORAN,
1355-Nov.l Councillor.
DON'T BE WITHOUT
SLOAN'SIINIMENT
Keep it ha ndy It knows no equal
in relieving pains and aches
SLOAN'S LINIMENT has been
sold for 38 years. Today, it is
more popular than ever. There
;' can be but one . answer it produces
results.
Applied without rubbing, it penetrates
to jie afflicted part, bringing relief
fro rheumatic twinges, sciatica, sore,
stiffj strained muscles, lame back, and
. other exterior pains and sprains and
the result of exposure. It leaves no
' mussiness, stain, clogged pores.
. Get a large bdttlt for greater econ
omy. Keep it handy for use when
needed. Your druggist has it. Three
sizes 35c, 70c.t $1.40
fl 1
(I TJD ftH TV
m dm
Friday, Oct 31
Sat. Nov. 1
Sun. Nov. 2
For the
rw -a
: Special Mat
T IMI'.'JMHUi IMIl I llllll !
r
NEFF WINS.
TUCSON. An., . Oct. Si. Chet
Neff, of Seattle, waa awarded the de
cision over Al McManus of Tucson,
tonight after ten rounds of the hard-!
eat and fastest milling ever wit-1
nessed here. Neff led throughout the
bout. The decision was unanimous
with the Judges and met the approval
of the crowd.
In the curtain raised Speedy Wil
lis of Tucson and: Dick Waddell of
Los Angeles fought four rounds to
a draw. .
make noises. It is talking
can understand it."
if you
lady dressed
velvet. ,
in blue and purple
Special Notice
HEMSTITCHING
We have installed in our
Tailor Shop machines for
hemstitching and picot and
are prepared to accept or
ders for this kind of work
produced in excellent man
ner. Work done while you
wait.
FRUITMAN'S
Fashion Shop ,
L'YRI
THEATRE
1 to 11 TODAY 1 to 11
Pauline
Frederick
SAPHO
A story' famed through
out the world. A start
ling picture of a Paris
artist's model's soul that
has taken its place
among the foremost clas
sics of the screen. Be
yond a doubt the greatest
emotional role that Pau-
line Frederick ever
played '
The Great Serial
Perils of Thunder
Mountain
Episode No. 8
"Pay Your Dues
Comedy
J
mm w m
inee i oaau. tseainma at
10:00 a. tt?.
TOE PHOTOPLAYS WITH AN AMAZING SOUL
,; -vj pi;.-.- .-..-.'. -
Mayflower Photoplay Corporation 'Presents .
GEORGE LOANES TUCKER'S PRODUCTION,
x - i
f Tk V . - ' is-,iT-.- .-..X.ri:y
: . , v.;vj rrbv.r"-' A 1
' (dr-. -v i' J HA
sr- V-y' AW
Aw., , I ?A
he
M
M
iracle
59
an
Romance of underworld,
rogues who sought "easy
pickings" and found them.
But . when the arch crook
and the Girl with the
Painted Face also found a
wondrous thing they have
never known before. Do
you know what Love Is?
IHOMAS MEIQHAN end BETTY COMPSOM
THE MIRACLE MAN " .
Come and see. ' Come,
live a life in an Hour.
Come and see the whole
of life illumined. The flesh,
the blood, the soul of liv
ing men and women, sin
ning, struggling, loving.
Prices $1.00, 75c and 50c
EB2U
Subscribe for the Daily Review