' frk ft
4
"WER PRICE
WEATHER
) J -ice of copper for
jLim 1 Dec-3-Ens,i-
s I - o Mining Journal
I "' v
Arizona: Tuesdiv nd Wed
nesday fair, ra;n southeast
portions Tuesday; colder
Tuesday.
!
Full Leased Wire Report of The Associated Press
VOL. 22 No. 290
EIGHT PAGES
BISBEE, ARIZONA, TUESDAY, bECEMBER 9, 1919
EIGHT PAGES
PRICE FIVE CENTS
iff
1
n
era
nn
In
... 'i
1
EllKB
v
i
-I
t
'
' " 3
a
i
j
GARFIELD DEGREES
I
!TI
STI
ME FOR NATION WHILE GOAL
H5D0I1INDIW
Railroad Administration to Enforce Order Cutting to Three
Days Per Week the Operation of Manufacturing
Plants; White Ways Throughout the Nation to
Be Darkened; Rules of 1917 to Govern
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8. Viewing!
with alarm the steadily dwindling
bituminous coal supply due to the
miner's strike,. Fuel Administrator
Carfie Id, by an order, restored for the
entire nation most of the dastic re
strictions onli ghting and heating
which were in effect during the coal
shortage of 1917-18.
The limitations, which are appli
cable to consumers of bituminous
coal and coke, were made effective
tonight with Issuance of the order
and are to be enforced by the rail
road administration. Consumers of
anthracite coal, gas and other fuels
are not aftected by the order.
White Ways Darkened.
The restrictions were announced
through the railroad administration
as follows:
No ornamental lights, white way
or other unnecessary street lights
outline lighting, electric signs or il
luminated billboards, show window
or showcase lights, are to be oper
ated. This does not affect street
lighting necessary for the safety of
the public.
No cabaret, dance hall, pool hall
or bowlin galley shall be permitted
to use light except between 7 p. m.
and 11 p. m.
Stores, including retail, but except
ing stores selling food, and ware
houses, must not use light (except
sofety tights), except for six hours
per day. Manufacturing plants shall
be allowed to use light only during
the time prescribed for the use of
power.
Drug stores and restaurants may
remain open according to present
schedule, but must reduce lighting?!
one-nairr ..
Railroad" stations, hotels, hospitals,
telephone, telegraph and newspaper
offices are not included in so jfar as
necessary lighting is concerned.
General and office lights must be
cut off not later thanT 4 p. m. in office
buildings, except-; Necessary federal,
state and municipal offices and ex
cept where of fice operation of vital
industries is Involved.
Exempts Necessary Plants.'
Dairies, refrigerator plants, baker
ies, plants for the manufacture of
necessary medicinal products, water
works, sewerage plants, printing
plants for the println gof newspapers
only, battery charging outfits in con
nection with plants producing light
or power for. telephone, telegraph or
public utility companies are ex
empted. Only enough heat may be used in
iffices. stores, warehouses and manu
facturing plants to keep the average
temperature at G8 degrees Fahren
heit, and then only during the hours
for which light is permitted. During
other hours only enough heat is to be
used to prevent freezing of water
pipes or sprinkling systems.
In manufacturing plants or plants
coming under power curtailment
rules, heat (to 68 degrees Fahren
heit) will be allowed only during
that time prescribed for use of
power.
Cuts Factory Operation.
No manufacturing plant or factory
shall be furnished bituminous coal or
coke, or heat, light and power from
bituminous coal or coke furnished
by or through the United States fuel
administration for operation in ex
cess of three days a week on the
basis of present working hours. The
exceptions are dairies, refrigerating
plants, bakeries, plants for the manu
facture of necessary food products,
of necessary medicinal products,
water works, sewerage plants, print
ing plants for the printing of news
papers only, battery charging outfits
in connection with plants producing
light or power for telephone, tele
graph or public utility companies.
Elevator service must be curtailed
as much as possible in accordance
with above regulations on use of
heat, light and power.
Electiic railways shall reduce
' schedules to minimum requirements
of service under revised hours of
heating, lighting and power, as here
in provided.
No heat shall be provided on elec
tric cars during rush hours and heat
ing during non-rush hours shall be
curtailed as much as possible.
Electric railways and manufactur
ing plants, stoves and offices, are re
quired to co-operate in arranging,
within the provisions of the order,
schedules, days and hours of work
to permit the maximum utilization of
transportation equipment.
DARKNESS OF
Meanwhile trains continued to
come off the railroad schedules and
industries continued to shut down all
over the country. Notwithstanding,
there was a gradual but consistent in
crease in the country's output of coal
had been noted every week since the
minerB went out.
Discussion of the terms of the
president's proposal to the miners'
union chiefs, which John L. Lewis,
acting president, and William Green,
secretary, have agreed to recommend
to their associates at Indianapolis
tomorrow, developed these practi
cally assured facts today:
There will be no immediate in
crease given to the men beyond 14
per cent suggested by Fuel Adminis
trator Garfield as possible without
an increase in the price of coal, but a
commission will be established to re
view the whole situation.
Senator Scores Miners.
Congress delayed action on the
various pending proposals in connec
tion with the strike, it generally be
ing felt that it was advisable to wait
the outcome of events in Indianapo
lis. The strike, however, was brought
before the senate late in the day by
Senator Frelinghuysen, Republican,
New Jersey, chairman of the inter
state commerce sub-committee, who
in an address caustically criticized
the action of the miners, declaring
the strike to be "an exhibition of in
human selfishness" and "a brutal
menace" to millions of American
citizens.
"Wherein is the course of these
strikes less heinous than that of
their brothers in soviet Russia?" the
New Jersey senator asked.
1 The miners he described as the
best- paid workers in the United
States and added that they were not
entitled to a 14 per cent increase..'.
ERINS
TO SIGH PACT
PARIS, Dec. 8. The supreme coun
cirifnotes dealing with the peace
treaty were delivered to Baron von
Lersner, head of the German delega
tlon this evening. The first note
denied the German demands for mod
ification of the treaty on the surrea
der of Germans charged with crimes
against international warfare and
the return of prisoners. It agrees to
consider the economic effects of the
indemnities required for the sinking
of the warships in the Scapa Flow
on Germany "in a spirit of equity,
after a hearing by the reparations
commission."
The note warns Germany "for the
last time" that renunciation of the
armistice would give the allied
armies all latitude for necessary mili
tary measures, and adds:
"In this spirit we await without
delay signature of the protocol and
the exchange of ratifications."
Regarding the coercion clause or
the protocol the supreme council con
siders that signature, of the protocol
and ratification will make the treaty
effective and that the protocol's ex
ecution will be guaranteed by the
general terms of the treaty and by
ordinarily recognized methods. It
rejects the Germans' "presented
right" to modification of the treaty
clauses as compensation for the ab
sence of Americans from the commiS'
sions.
The second note deals entirely with
the Scapa Flow incident. It places
the responsibility on the Germans for
the sinkings and Bees in the protest
only "an attempt, difficult to explain.
to delay the treaty.
RENOMINATE BERGER.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Dec. 8. Vic
tor L. Berger, Socialist, and Henry II.
Bodenstab, Republican Fusion candi
date, today were nominated for con
gress at a primary election in the
Fifth Wisconsin district. The So
cialists nominated PeTger with 14.004
votes and the Fusionists indorsed
Bodenstab's Republican candidacy by
polling 9282 votes. The regular con
test, a special election, will be held
on December 29. to fill the vacancy
'caused by the refusal of the present
cpfgress to seat Burger.
Widow of Angeles
Dies Calling
For General
new york; Dec. 8.
Senora Angeles, who died
yesterday calling for hex
husband, Gene'ral Felipe
Angeles, not knowing that
the Mexican rebel leader had
fallen, 13 days ago, before
the rifles of. a Carranza fir
ing squad at Chihuahua
City, was buried here today.
Her body will rest in Long
Island soil until that of Gen
eral Angeles can be carried
in honor to Mexico City and
interred with her's in a com
mon grave, the relatives de
clared. At the graveside were Al
berto Angeles, the eldest
son, who has pledged him
self to carry on his father's
work for Mebcico, the
daughter and two younger
sons, with a few Mexican
friends.
Scores of Towns Await Zero
Weather and Suffering
From Lack of Fuel
CHICAGO, Dec. S.-jWith cold wave
warnings .displayed tonight in central,
gulf anqV western states, the scant
coal supply Is expected to be further
.Uittiinished. Scores of towns in the
imidrwest are almost without coal
and ' the western country is in tne
grip of a gathering blizzard.
Much colder weather will reach
Chicago and the lower lakes by Tues
day night with zero temperature
Wednesday morning. The forecaster
also predicts snow with fresh north
and northwest winds. The tempera
tures in Missouri. Kansas, parts of
Oklahoma and Texas, as well as east
ern Colorado and Nebraska, are said
to be rapidly falling. Severe suffer
ing among livestock is feared.
Nebraska's low fuel supply was
further reduced by temperatures that
reached as low as nine degrees below
zero. Snowstorms interfered with
railroad traffic and all railroads op
erating from Denver to the east were
experiencing great difficulty.
Temperatures have already fallen
below zero over Wisconsin, Jiorthern
Iowa,. Minnesota, the Dakotas and
other western states The cold wave
will spread southward during Tues
day and Wednesday to the Gulf of
Mexico and will be gejieral east of
the Mississippi river.
JJ. INCITE
,S
TO
DOUGLAS, Dec. 8. That the In
dustrial Workers of the World are
endeavoring to work upon race preju
dice and arouse the negro population
of the United States against the
whites .and obtain as many blacks
as possible for membership in their
organization, but later intend to drop
them from membership, is indicated
by literature which has fallen into
the hands- of federal officials here
in recent raids on I. W. W. organiz
ers. Included in the literature is a pam
phlet addressed to negroes, reciting
a long list of alleged racial wrongs
and oppressions, and inviting them
to join the I. W. W. on the plan of
equality with whites. A small circu
lar marked, "To distributers of I. W.
W. literature," says:
"Extra activity in reaching. the ne
gro is desired. We do not exactly
want him in the organization, but we
want hi mto help stir up unrest and
general disorder."
IDIEST. FACES
BLIZZARD WITH
GOAL DINS LOW
N
T
STATE JOINS IN
T
New Law Provides Two Years,
In Penitentiary and $5,000
Fine For Retailers Who
Exact Exorbitant Prices
ARIZONA MERCHANTS
TO BE INVESTIGATED
Meeting of Federal and Local
Authorities Hears Charges
of Colossal Profits Taken
By Dealers In Dry Goods
PHOENIX, Dec. 8. Arrangements
by wnich profiteers can be prosecut
ed promptly under the provisions of
federal laws were discussed at a
meeting today of federal, state and
county representatives at the state
capitol building. John T. Atwood,
special assistant United States attor
ney general, attended the meeting as
the representatives of Attorney Gen
eral Palmer.
Th plan devised by the conference
provides for a big committee in every
county, composed of representatives
from the women's clubsfi business
organizations .labor unions and the
public at large, with one paid inves
tigator. The committees will report
evidence of profiteering to Commis
sioner George Snuuley, United States
fair price administrator for Arizona
Smalley will act with the assistance
of the United States attorney and the
federal courts will try ihe cases
Face Prison Term.
Profiteers, when convicted, accord
ing to the new law, will be liable to
55000 fine or two year penitentiary
sentences, ox both.-.
Speaking t.outside the meeting, Mr.
Atwood saidr . - v'i
"The conduet of retailers through
out the country is causing a condition1
of unrest that may compel the gov
ernment to open retail stores on a
competitive basis, so that the busi
ness of the retailers will be ruined.
This course is not desired by' the
government, .but something must be
done. The retailers realize the situ
ation and they are lining up now on
the fair price plan. In fairness to the
honest dealers it must be said that all
are not willing profiteers.
"It irritates the whole public," he
continued, "when extreme instances
of profiteering are discovered and
uncovered, although minor instances
are bad enough. A specific case in
volves the sale of army dress shoes
in the east. These shoes cost the
retailers $5.95 a pair and were sold
to the public at $14.50.
Make Huge Profits.
"Prior to the war," Atwood con
tinued, "retailers were averaging
profits of from 12 to 18 per cent,
while now their average range is
from 25 to 40 per cent, and shoe re
tailers throughout the country are
averaeine 50 per cent."
Governor Thomas E. Campbell pre
sided at today's meeting.
The merchants of Arizona in ac
cordance with a resolution will be
called upon to place themselves on
record with regard to profits. The
plan is to equalize all profits, regard
less of ultimate prices, such as may
be influenced by local conditions. At
a subsequent meeting it is hoped to
work on the expetced report of the
merchants and to declare a percent
age of profit that merchants can be
expected to have from the public, it
was announced. This percentage, ac
cording to the sense of the meeting,
was to be considerably under 50 per
cent
REPORTS RED ATROCITIES.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Dec. 8. Kiev was
turned by the Bolsheviki into a
slaughter house for human beings
and thousands of murders were per
petrated there, according to letters
from Captain Jay Alkire. head of the
American Red Cross mission with
General Denikine's army, received by
his father, Frank T. Alkire, who lives
here.
McKEE MADE J. P.
PHOENIX. Dec. 8. Nat T. MctCee.
formerly deputy clerk of the United
States district court for Arizona, was
today appointed by the Maricopa
county board of supervisors Justice of
the peace for one Phoenix precinct.
NAVY HAS AIR LINE
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 8. An air
plane mail service between San Diego
and the Port of Los Angeles for men
of the Pacific Fleet stationed at those
poin's, vai inaugurated today.
PLAN
PROFITEERS WITH
TERMS IN PRISON
Cleary On Carpet
In I.W.W. Case
In Oakland
OAKLAND, CaL, Dec. 8.
William B. Cleary, coun
sel for James McHugo, I.W.
W. leader convicted on a
criminal syndicalism charge,,
must explain his conduct in
leaving the courtroom with
out permission as the case
was going to the jury, o
else answer for contempt,
according to a statement by
Judge Quinn, in whose
court the trial was held.
Cleary could not be found
when the jury brought in its
verdict, and did not appear
in the superior court in San
Francisco when the cases of
three other former I.W.W.
secretaries for whom he was
counsel, were called. Their
cases were continued, the
court directing that the de
fendants find Cleary.
G.0.P.L
E
Chicago and St Louis Head
Competitors For the June
Convention
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8. The 1920
political pot was started boiling mer
rily today as the leading figures of
the Republican party, gathering here
for'the. quadrennial meeting of the
national commission took counsel with
one another OA candidates and issues
of the forthcoming campaign.
The ostensible purpose of the com
mittee meeting is to select a time and
Mace for next year's national conven
tion but in their constantly multiply
ing conferences the committee mem
bers and their guests talked of almost
everything else relating to 1920.
Choice of the convention will be made
Wednesday, with indications pointing
to either Chicago or St. Louts and
with early June apparently settled on
by the lenders as the date.
In addition to the national commit
teemen from every state, the Repub
lican state chairmen all have been in
vited to be here this week and a
large number of editors of Republi
can newspapers are expected to at
tend. Other party leaders alho have drift
ed to Washington to exchange views
and get a share in the preliminary
maneuvering that really marks the be
ginning of the national campaign.
Discussion of a convention city did
not get far today, .the leaders appar
ently being too Interested in other
ouestions to give it great attention.
The St. Louis delegation, which ar
rived yesterday, was active during the
day. however, and the question Is ex
pected to take no more interest to
morrow with the arrival of the Chi
cago boosters, headed by Mayor
Thompson.
Chicago's chances were helped dr.
Insr the day bv an announcement hr
Wm. H. Crocker, the national com
mitteeman for California, that San
Francisco, mentioned as a contender
for the honor, would not acMvelv
seeV the convention, hut would throw
Its influence for the Illinois city.
rOHFNY CONFIRMS FALL.
I-S ANGELFR. Calif . rtc 9 V).
L. DohPTiv, presHrtt of MfTtron
Potrn'pnm cotnnanv tonight pqQPrt.
ert he has well nuthonHonted Vnowl
f"1r( thpt two dennrtmentq of the
United States govern m out havp ..
OtlirPd absolute proof of the partici
pation of Mexican 'pnrfnta!vs re
a'dlnr In this country In revolution
ary propaganda.
New MEXICO HPRO PIER.
FOSWFT.T N M.. Dec. RT.len
Pnl. Chnrloq t1n TVomnd did rt hi--hnme
vesterdav a a ett of ihi
nmon In the Chateau Thierry
Offoniv of Tune. 19H.
TT w KS voir, old and for manv
venr commanded Patterv A. a New
Mexico national ffiiar oreanlratlon.
He was born in Switzerland and for
merly was an artillery officer in the
Swiss jrroy.
T
T PUN
19 N
CARRANZA PLOTS REVOLUTION IN
BORDER STATES TO REGAIN LAND
CEDED IN 1848, SAYS SENATOR
New Mexico Statesman Shows .Wilson Copies of Letters
Signed By Mexican Executive and Ordering Help For
Committee Alleged to Be Charged With Stirring
Up Revolution In Texas and Colorado
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8. Evidence
that radicals in Mexico, with the
knowledge and support of President
Carranza, plotted to instigate a revolu
tion in the United States and to seize
the border states acquired by the
American government in 1848, is con
tained in the memorandum "presented
to President Wilson by Senator Fall
of New Mexico, chairman of the for
eign relations sub-committee investi
gating the Mexican situation.
Plans for the proposed revolution
were obtained by the subcommittee
from the minutes of a meeting last
October 15, in Mexico City, of Lodge
23, an organization of extreme agita
tors and members of the I. W. W. The
Mexican president is linked most di
rectly .with the plot through cor
respondence in which he recommends
three men for special consideration
because of their connection withe' 'the
p'an whih they desire to pnt mto prac
tice in the state of Texas."
These men. the committee states,
have been identified as active agents
of Lodge 23.
The memorandum which contains
an abstract of the evidence collected
hv the committee, was delivered to
the president by Senator Fall Friday
night and made public today.
P'anned Border Revolt
The notes oft h October 15 mcet
ine of the lodge, declared "there ap
peared three delegates, two Ameri
cans and one Mexican, who had ar
rived from the United States and who
claimed that 'the society' would be
fble at the beginning of next Novem
ber (that is. November. 1919.) to call
a eencal strike of all miners and
metal workers in the TTn'ted States:
that they have three million adherents
in that country: where they will be
ab'e to seize one westerrf and two
Atlantic ports: that a large number of
American soldiers were preparing to
take sides with them, and that they
proposed to establish a capital of a
reformed eovernment of. the United
States in he state of Colorado: that
when such a revolution was success
ful, the Mexicans renderiner their as
sistance, the border'states which were
acquired by the United States undo'
the treaty of 1848 would be returned
to Mexico."
The three men referred to are the
same, the memorandum states, as
those mentioned by "Carranza In let
ters of which the committee has se
cured photostatic copies. The first of
these letters, dated June 4, and ad-
C"ontlnupJ on Pajre Mt1
GEN. WOOD WITHIN THREE VOTES
OF JOHNSON: DEMOCRATS LAG TN
REVIEW PRESIDENTIAL' CONTEST
With balloting half over, Th Review's straw vote to determine who are
the presidential nomination favorites. Senator Hiram Johnson of California
is leading all candidates in any party.
A count of the ballots mailed to The Review political editor by Warren
District citizens in the first five days of the voting shows that the straw
vote has resolved Itself into a race between Johnson and General Leonard
Wcod as the- district's favorite for the Republican nomination. Wood was
hut three votes behind Johnson last night, and the total vote for either
Johnson or Wood is more than three times as great as the total received by
any Democratic candidate. '
Governor Frank Lowden of Illinois Is running third In the Republican
race. Herbert Hoover and Champ Clark have each received a solitary vote.
William G. McAdoo leads the Democratic race, with Woodrow Wilson
second. Unless there are four times r.s many Republicans as Democrats in
the Warren District, the Democrats
In the voting.
I A ..1.1.1. M - D ....
of the citizens who are sending in their ballots. Many votes frorn women
also have been received.
But five voting days yet remain for the contest, the final results of
which will be published in next Sunday's issue ot The Review.
Fill in the coupon below with the name of your favorite, and address It
to "Political Editor. Bisbee Dailv Review." Names ara reaulred t ho ainnrl
to xne coupons so as to validate tne
these names are considered in the
circumstances be published.
Get in the game and help your
the Warren District. This is the
coupon below.
WHO IS YOUR
My Choice for the
In 1920 is
i favor him because
Signed
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8. The reso
lution asking President Wilson to
break off diplomatic relations with
the Carranza government was aban
doned today by Republican leaders in
the senate after the president had in
formed Senator Fall of New Mexico,
its author, that he would "be grave
ly concerned to see any such resolu
tion passed.
In announcing, after a conference
with Senators Fall and Brandeuee
that the foreign relations committee
would take no action on the resolu
tion. Senator Lodge said!
'We wanted to help, but now the
entire Mexican situation goies to the
president. The responsibility is on
his shoulders. Let it rest there."
Passage of the resolution, the presi
dent wrote Senator Fall, would ' con
stitute a reversal of our constitutional
practice which might lead to very
grave confusion in regard to the
guidance of our foreign affairs." De
claring that the initiative in directing
relations wth foreign governments
was assigned by the constitution "to
the executive and to the executive
only." Mr. Wilson said he was con
fident that "the only safe course"
was "to adhere to the prescribed
method of the constitution.
"We might go very rar arrteM if
we departed from it." he said.
Fall Takes Issue
Senator Fall, in a statement tonirht
took issue with the president that the
senate could not advise on matters af
fecting relations with forelsn govern
ments until requested to do so by the
president and said there were pre
cedents to supoorf Mm. He also saM
he would asrain reouest the commit
tee to postpone action on his resolu
tion 'or upo nanv phase of the Mex
ican matter" until the President had
bfll time to give the subject his con
sideration. r?efor- the president dispatched his
letter, phe senate foreiun relations
committee held an hour's session for
diruion of the Mexican situation.
rrM"'line the Carranza oil decrees.
ivh'"h have been the subiect of diplo
mnt correspondence between the
ITrtto,' states and Mexico but. at the
Rnggewtion of Senator "Fall, action on
his resolution was deterred nntll the
n-neHent h expressed his views.
Senator Fall tonieht mpde pnbl'c
te memorandum which he sent to tbo
nrosidept. dealing with the results of
the investigation of the senate com
mittee, of which the New Mexico sen
ator Is chairman. Part of this infor-
fr-ontlnnort on Pnr Pf
are making but an Indifferent showing
....... ....... ff. A I . A-.7..- ...
count and prevent "Ballot-stuffing," but
strictest confidence, and will under no
favorite to run up the biggest vote in
sixth day of the voting. Fill in the
CANDIDATE?
.nomination for President (
!
PAGE TWO
THE BIS BEE DAILY REV7row
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1919
I HI ERE AND THERE IN ARIZONA 1
fife
ml
iHAKIbUi'A KaVINU ttlUo
tvii-w UtliuU JAN. Ii;
Sll UVVIOll V.VJUU ivv 13 oil uilj o Ull ol
uic "Oaa-utHu ii vjt-vis inut uu
couuty uinowiiy cmnunnsiv,vi uuur mo
ttrriila H itr- ,VW,UiW bviivi i.-3U it;
leuvi;' .tiuieu by tuc uaMti, ut
1, 111 lUo l'Uuiului)li a oillCia,
very practical nature. The more im
portant electrical phenomena will be
demonstrated, and a thorough drill in
the methods of calculation will be
conducted. Greater emphasis will be
placed upon practical applications of
the theory discussed than was done
last year, and electricians and auto
mechanics will gain mucn valuable
knowledge from the course.
The course will given on Tuesday
ucvoiuiug tv commission kuuouuu-unj Friday evenings during December
ably flat. l.lvO by 500 feet or larger.
and if this field can be secured D
the town for an aerial station. Also.
'would th people meet an assessment
by tli association of from to
$500, to defray their share of the as- j
sociatiou's xpenses. !
The fair grounds would be au ideal j
location for an aerial station and
there should be no trouble of raising
$21K) or $500 as part of expense of
bringing this big enterpnsel nto to v. ii
i .
D AILY OIL NOTES
in t-n i tuaiij , ana liriiin ui aiious
'Vuiib oi die sime it ii vi tire aumiireai
cute ejvyvClvU iu Svfa coiiliuvl, liivj
cvi'iinissioii stuieu.
tfivin. oin-j ui paving iv mil
lioiivu iu tbe spei.iuv.av. ouo, uk cvw
lilisrilv.ll irctVilkg tile HMUeis iu luu.e
lliv.ii own uiit-.d oi ivpes wen
liilv.es, an oi me tyi"- LKiug in ei-
and January, at 7:30 p. ru.. and the
class will meet in room 213 of the
Mines and Engineering building. The
class will convene for the first time
on Tuesday, Dec. 9.
CORBETT INTERESTS FORM
MERGER IN OLD PUEBLO.
TUCSON, Dec. 8. The most poten-
uc-ucv Mueauy on uniiu iiifciiwajs tially important consolidation of busi
iinouijiK'ui tue state. j ness in Tucson in recent years, the
i merger rf the J. Knox Corbett Lum-
NEW COUHTHOUoti frOR f bcr company and the W. J. Corbett
' i-kAvi4l'Arr la I'rtO'OScU. Hardware company, with a capitaliza
t LAGs i At r , ia-c. t i xoauiit; j tion of $300,000, equipped to com
tlivj couiny i,hvi ik.- ar ior rviu ue- pletely build any size of building from
cause me court nouse is not large a state edifice to a modest home, and
viiviUgu to nouse uu Hie couuty oi- to furnish the structure, down to the
licera anu ei.ipioyes. 'lue county at-; china ware and cook stoe in a home,
loniey s, tne county t-umeti-'a. tue ; was announced yesterday by Hi Cor
county larm agent s and lue justice betL
01" tuo ieuce's ornces. aio til m tno .About 10 days ago Mr. Corbett au-
.Masonic uuiiumg. At tue same time i nounced the ansorption ot tne con
MIAMI MAN SLmIN
IN GAMBLING FIGHT.
MIAMI, Dec. a. jotin cuius, ww
stauoeu to ueath in a vjuaiiel uti' a
eartl game at int.- riinside roounn
house iu lieu Springs cauyon, Miami,
auoui iv. no iiviuvk r riuay mgni.
.nick i.uc.i.i is aiieeu tu hv, .-.iab-bed
cuius tniee tunes, escaping iu
ihe hills immeuiately alter tue fin
ing, curtiss' uied within a tew mu
'utes ' after he was stabbed, vu.u.i
and Lucas arc Austrians, Deputy
son aud Sherin' Sliute liiavlv i.j
vesiigatiori o: the Killing ana nep-uts
rioni tne shfrin s office are eonuuet
mg si searca lor Lucas who is be
lieved to oe hiding iu tUe vicinuy oi
iuianii.
WICHITA FALLS The General
Oil company is buildiag a four-inch
pipe line- from the northwest exten
sion of Burkburnett to a refinery in
Iowa Park, a distance of IS miles.
DESDEMOXA McMann Oil com
pany. No. 9 Reynolds, drilling at 2470
feet; No. 10, running pipe at 2735
feet; No. 11. drilling at 1635 feet; No.
IS. drilling t 1S30 feet; No. 13 at
675 feet.
AltDMORE A report received
here states that the Wolverine well
No. 1 on the Dillard farm, in section
2 4n-2w, the north offset to the dis
covery well at Hewitt, has been
drilled eight feet into the sand and
the production is good for about 300
barrels. Several sands are due here
and the company, in all probability,
will keep on drilling.
SIPE SPRINGS Numerous loca
tions have been announced in the lo
cality of the Homer Peebles well near
here, which is believed to be a new
shallow field. The discovery well is
believed good for 75 barrels on the
pump at 260 feet. It tests 39.4 de
grees gravity.
ty. The shallow pool was found at
369 feet, with oil coining up through
five feet of, mud. Samples of tnt
Oil have shown flash testa of 41. Fol
lowing setting of the casing well -will
beshot.
i DESDEMOXA Sun company. No.
, 1 Moore, northeast corner, offsetting
I Mitchell Production (Dallas Com
. anche) No. 2, Anderson, Guadalupe
t College survey, is now making 1000
! barrels from a stay sand at 3015 feet,
t This is a new sand in this field. The
stratum' of black lime, on which 6 5-8
inch casing was set, is 2890" feeVand
the lime was only 15 feet in thick
ness, with no pay found in the lim.
The sand was picked up at 3,707 feet
and was drilled eight feet in. There
are two strings of tools in the hole.
Dutton tract, 11 miles north of Brady.
The present well continues to show
up well for production, and plans for
hooting tha veil have about been
abandoned.
Read the Daily Review Want Ads.
Sure
Relief
BRADY Casing has been received
for the new oil' well on the White
company ranch near Mercury, in the
BRADY According to present
plans it seems probable that another
well will be started at once by Thad
O'Day on his acreage on the P. C
6 Bell-ans
Hot waler
Sure Relief
E LL-AWS
FOR INDIQCSTION
tnoso who uo have ouices in tne cumt
house niid iheniseivesB more or less
cramped tor room. '
'iiiis rent expeuse would go a lou
way toward paying the interest on tUe
amount it wouiu cost to build an
aduition to the court house .. large
enough to take care ot those otiices
that now have to be rented and also;
to house a heating plant, which is one
thing the present building very badly
needs.
According to law, the board of su
pervisors have a right to issue bonds
up to $50,i;00 for a com t house build
injf.'or lor an addition, to it, without
fUOtnitling the question to a popular
trading department of the Julian
plumbing business, giving the W. J.
Corbett Hardware company the dom
inant position in the. sheet metal,
heating and contracting business of
the southwest.
ELKS ARE PLANNING
A LODGE FOR MIAMI.
MIAMI. Dec. 8- A petition is being
circulated among Miami Elgs for
signatures asking the exalted ruler of
the B. P. O. E. for authority to organ
ize a brjinch lodge, of the "Bills" in
this city.. It is necessary to obtain
fifty signatures' in order to present
the petition to. headquarters for the
vote. So far, however, they have ev-1 desired dispensation.
deneed no intention ot doing so. . .
DRIVE FOR MEMBERSHIP
BY SOUTHWtST ENGINEERS.
GLOBE, Dec 8. The 1919 member
ship drive of the American Associa
tion of Engineers is now under way.
The drive will lust two eei.s .irl
ing ou the first of December, and enu
ing on the 13th. The object ot tne
drivbe is to obtain 10.000 nev mem
bers as a minimum. Krom the early
returns this will be accomplisuea end
more.
The drive in Arizona is headed by
the newlyo rganized Southwestern di
vision of the American Association of
Engineers, formerly the Sotituwestern
Society of Engineers. Mhe tenitory
covered by this district includes the
state of Arizona, New Mexico and
lexas, west of the Pecos river. The
president of the southwestern umnct
is Dr. G. M. Butler of Tucson, dean
iind director or the Arizona school of
mines and Arizona bureau of mines;
C. E. Barglebaugh of Lt Paso is the
secretary; Dean S. H. Worrell of the
Texas school of mines at El Paso, and
Mi Gerald Sherman of Bisbee arc
vice-presidents and Mr. R. W. Goddard
of the New Mexico state college is
treasurer.
tSAFFORD HAS HOPES OF '
ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING ' i . - AERIAL MAIL STATION.
COURSE AT UNIVERSITY. ! S AFFORD. Dec. 8. It looks very
TUCSON, Dec. S. Last year Paul much as if Safford will become an
Cloke, professor of electrical engineer- i aerial station for National Aairlines
ins; 'in the Universitp of Arizona, con- association, according to a letter re
ilticied a night course for electricians ceived by Mayor Jacobson from R. M.
which was sn successful that it has fcterrett, secretary of the association:
b'.en dof Med to repeat the course this : Mr. Sterrett asks if there is a field
votii-. The work offered will be of a f within two miles of the town, reason-
IN ONE NIGHT, WHILE YOU SLEEP,
MUSTARINE ENDS SORE THROAT,
COLD ON CHEST, PLEURISY
Quickest Pain and Ache Killer On j
Earth Neuralgia, Backache, I
Headache Goes In 5 Minutes
TJ;i- mimitf oti rub ftM lifKY'S Mu.v
t-iriix- for any iHtiii. rnrUr- of rtrant'M.
you'll know thai all tht inUry tind ;ipo;iy
li:i. s'.artevl to go. It Is very, penetrating
jind won't blister.
Any dit.psrlst. anywhere, will trom
mend it: praise it: Kxi'Hntt- it.- will
te'J oil that a small box uf Uii woiular
ftil dlseovery vill do the worU of ill)
lnii.ilHrd pliiHtfr.s.
Tonsilitin. bronchitis, plem-iny nil lvp
tv.'Mled loiisrlu go uvrr iiifl:t. Kl.t-umulic
8iilleii is joyfully ii-iiise it for the way. it
speedily stops the pguny unt reduces the
swollen Joint.'.
Ut'K.v'H .Most mine U the original m.--tnrd
plaster subs UUiie. -miwle of ?ood
honest, yellow nuistarrl (not cheap sub
stitute) combiner! with other pain de
stroyers :i'nd is higitly recommendotl by
ninny physicians to reduce the swelling
of pout.
After :11 other remedies have failed,
thouwinds "havf- o'e:corue the misery
ciise! by sore.' burning'' feet. corn,
bunioi.s .aad (-alluiised. . t'se Musturiuv
fil ciiillihiins nl frosted feet., but ti
pure it'i Bevy's, In the. yellow Ih..
' ' '
1
NEW YEAR TO BE FETED
BY CLARKDALE LEGION.
Starting the new year right with a
grand New Year festival ann tne open
ing ball of ,910, the Clarkdale Ameri
can Legion is planning to entertain
this district as it has never been en
tertained before at the Bungalow in
Cottonwood on New Year's eve.
According to the committee in
charge of the ball this event is to be
bigger and better than anything: ever
attempted by the Legion. Many big
features are planning for the big
event. .
The committee stares that 'this
Idance will be supported by the entire
American Legion of this district. On
the program' will be old Father Time
and the "newest 1920 baby." Refresh
ments will be served ana those attend- J
lng can dance all night. The' Legion
states that if Mungo van's famous .
musicians become exhausted other !
players will take their place. j
' VISITOR TO CITY DIES. .
William Bolithe. 39, who came to f
Blsbee four weeks ago from Colorado, '
died yesterday afternoon at the home j
of relatives on Higgins Hill. He is;
survived by his wife, two children, ;
two sisters-in-law, Mrs. Charles Mad- '
dern and Mr. William Maddern, and
his mother. Funeral arrangements
are being heid in abeyance until the ,
arrival of bis mo' her from Oregon.'
She is expected this afternoon.
BE CURED?
lr. Cil.-i.ss has posi
tive proof lie i Hbl
to cure Tulierrtilosis
by inhalation, in tui.v
cliniHte.
For f mther Infor
mation, address T. K.
ClSS 1XHALKXT
CO.. Sl'ITK 5 12.
M.SO X . J tOlI).. U )S
..x;ki.i;s. cam.
I l-'OKXIA.
See BlueBird
here today.
The BlueBird is here! The beau
tiful, all-white, cabinet Electric
Clothes Washer that offers the first
satisfactory solution to the wash
day problem.
BlueBird gives you absolute freedom from
washing worries; The drudgery, the tiring
rubbing and scrubbing, the days of wash
ing vtorlz are gone.
The BlueBird washes clothes clean cleaner
than any other washing process. A whole
week's wash H "on the line by nine with
out the slightest effort by you. Even the
wringing is done by motor. You can't
afford to be without it.
Clothes last longer, laundry expense is re
duced to almost nothing and you are free
for pleasanter work. All for a small initial
payment.
Come sec this handsome W asher. Or better,
have us send one to your home for free
demonstration with your own clothes.
There is no obligation, no expense. 'Phone
today an appointment will gladly be
made at your convenience.
' ' ' See these BlueBird superiorities :
HancaomcwMis enamel cabinet; Built fcr a life-time o
tcWto top; mechanism pro
tected. Heavy cepts:. extra Laige tub,
can't c!iscolor cletke. hiida
perfectly raeetktMtWiaf t wear
r tea thing.
Waaltea by perfect rck-a-ye ac
tiaj,uickcat.Bkuktib.th.va;. i
It .
IS I t
Aeeps oa ay warm
-and happy
Pearl Oil in a good oil heater
keeps dampness and chill from
the home. Warmth and coziness
without dust nd dirt. Heater is
easy to carry about. Lights at
the touch of a match gives in
stant heat. No smoke, no odor.
Economical.
Pearl Oil is refined and re
refined by our special process
which makes it clean burning.
For sale in bulk by dealers
everywhere the same high
quality kerosene . as the Pearl
Oil sold in five-gallon cans. There
i a saving by buying in bulk.
Order by name Pearl Oil.
We recommend Perfection Oil
Heaters.
PEARL 'OIL
' (KF.ROSC.NRV
HEAT AND LIGHT
NOTICE TO THOSE
INTERESTED IN OIL
W ! iVsm.iist .M' .fomiinj; ;n u.s.o
c tul ion fi.r th- f.u it" of locatiriK at
viwi .vrral thousand ncrv.s of oil
i:ir.d in Simihurn I'lah. ih-ht Arlnmx
htw. TIkkv l.-viiUs arc. althutiKh a--
I'-:.l.. hut fiit lv known, lyinj; in ail
nn.--riti-vl Hiliuii of-the st;itc. Kior.i
!.vln wv l.iny hi hand we Ix livvo this
to in Um n.xt comini; Krvat oil fiolrt
f the vontlnent. Our p;in is to have
2a share! or Interests n-prcsviitvd r;
Ui.l )! oh.n-f. Hitlf of this nniount
to 1k put up t rm,f to send two
sh;nc-lKtlvrrs iitiiuevliatKl.v to the
fivUU to join with one ah'tiad: on tl
Bround. to lovte a.- much as pos-iitito
lt;t'o:-f llm withdrawal from entry nrl
now i-nrlir in ronjj-ross hiM-umrj ef
frtlvf. Thust! wishiiiK to MUjiiilr
f ono ir niori- shal es on hIovv plan.
n t u;i ton'irht iit H o'-loi U. nt Mal
i'i':l.l Ai Uradlnrd'H Hmkcr Offi- Main
strrt-t. lor they iiximiso to ut ; oik
half of the amount milwciilicd.
i Ih i U1 jRa fall Y?V -v-th r r-. -aiii
SWASHER
f ervicai
extra atronc rigid frame aimplci
dependable mechanisni.
Large, power drives rvrinper,
wine to any position; adjusts
automatically for light or heavy
things.
HigSrst grade guaranteed motor
powerful, dcpeudable.
CTRIC CLOTHE
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
r i i p o N I .
J
The Eabr Kind of Goace
ALWAYS a perfect cup of coffee. The
quality of G. Washington's Coffee never
varies. Can be made one cup at a time, so
that it h always available, always convenient
always fresh - and always the strength to suit
each individual taste. - Just pour boiling hoc
water on the coffee. It;dissolves instantly
and leaves no grounds, no dregs, and you
have no waste. .
G Washington Sales Co., Inc.,
334 Fifth Ave, New Yotk
yysrTc rtt inc cup tit l
Yir rvev e?
Each Cup Made To Order
Absolutely Pure Always Deliciou
COFFEE
Originated by Mr. Washington in igop.'
' -j- ft :r-s-.
v- i 4
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1919
THE B I S B E D A I L V P. E V I E W
PAGE THREE
i
I
S
: i
; ineoa
; Lettei
6
JLdited. by
HisChildr en
osepfi Bucklin Bishop
CW9IGHT, 1JI9 By
As this letter was written, a hot
fight was on fn congress over the
promotion of Leonard Wood to the
rank of major general. Wood, who
was President Roosevelt's superior
officer in the Cuban campaign, was
vigorously assailed by his enemies
and the preference shown him by
the administration was condemned.
Army red tape ha3 been ripped into
shreds. The president confides in
Ted, destined to serve brilliantly as
an officer when the time came, his
opinion of some of the old-timers
in the army. The Editor.
MERITS OF MILITARY AND CIVIL
LIFE.
White House, Jan. 21, 1004.
DEAR TED:
This will be a lone business letter.
I sent to you the examination papers
for West Point and Annapolis. I
have thought a great deal over the
matter, and discussed it at great
length with mother. I fee on the
one hand that I ought to give you my
test advice, and yet on the other
hand I do not wish to seem to eon-
mrain you against your wishes. IT
you have definitely made up your
mind that you have an overmastering
desire to be in the navy or the army,
and that such a career is the one in
which you will take a really heartfelt
interest far more so than any other
and that your greatest chance for
happiness and usefulness will lie in
doing this one work to which you
feel yourself drawn why, under such
circumstances, t have but little to
pay. But I am not satisfied that this
I really your feeling. It seemed to
me more as if you did not feel drawn
in any other direction, and wondered
what you were going to do in life or
what kind of work you would turn
your hand to, and wondered if you
could make a success or not; and
that you are therefore inclined to
turn to the navy or army chiefly be-
cause you would then hav a definite
an1 eottla1 oo rflor fn 1 i fa on1 rrn 1 I
hope to go on steadily without any
great risk of failure. Now, if such
is your thought, I shall quote to you
what Captain Mahan said of his son
when asked why he did not send him
to West Point or Annapolis: "I have
too much confidence in him to. make
me feel that it is desirable . for him
to enter either branch of the service."
I have great confidence in you. 1
believe you have the ability, and,
above all, the energy, the persever
ance ,and the common sense, to win
out in civil life. That you will have
some hard times and some discourag
ing times I have no question; but
this is merely another way of saying
that you will share, the common lot.
Though you will have to work in
different ways from those in which
1 worked, you will not have to work
any harder, nor to fact periods of
more discouragement. I trust in your
ability, and especially in your char
acter, and I am .confident you will
win. , v-;-
In the army and the navy the
chance for a man to show great abil
ity and rise above his fellows does
1 t L$
r . '.v .
1
COL. THEO. ROOSEVEL T
Col. Ted about to call on Premier
Clemenceau, in Paris.' His father ad
vised Ted as a boy not to become a
professional soldier. He had faith
in his ability to serve with distinc
tion if the need arose.
not-occur on the average more than
once in a generation. When I was
down at Santiago it was melancholy
for me to see how fossolized and
lacking in ambition, and generally
useless, were most of. the men of my
age and over, who had served thoir
lives in the army. The navy for the
last few years has been better, but
for twenty years after the Civil war
there was less chance in the navy
than in the army to practice, and do,
work of real consequence. I have
pctually known lieutenants in both
the armv and the navy who were
grand "Sit hers men who had seen
their children mariied before they
themselves attained the jrrade of cap
tain. Of course, the chance may
come at any time when the man of
West Point or Annapolis who will
have stayed in the army or navy
finds a great war on, and therefore
has the opportunity to rise high.
Under such circumstances, I think
the man of such training who has ac
tually left the army or the navy has
even. more chance of rising than the
man who has remained in it. More
over, often a man can do as I did in
the Spanish war, even though not a
West Pointer.
This last point raises the question
about you point? to West Point or
Annapolis and leaving the army, or
navy after yoa have served the regu
lation four years (I think that is the
number) after graduation from the
academy. Under this plan you would
have an excellent educaticm and a
grounding in discipline and, in some
ways, a testing of your capacity
greater than I think .you can got in
any ordinary college. On the other
hand, except for the profession of an
engineer, you would have nothing
like special training, and you would
be so ordered about, and ananged
for, that you would have loss inde
pendence of character than you could
gain from thorn. You would have had
fewer temptations; but you would
have had less chance to develop the
qualities which overcome tempta
tions and show that a mm who ha?
individual initiative. Supposing you
entered at seventeen, with the in
tention of following this course. The
result would be that at twenty-five
you would leave the army or navy
without having gone through any
law school or any special technical
school of any kind, and would start
your life work three or four years
later than your schoolfellows of to
day, who go to work immediately
after leaving college. Of course, un
der such circumstances, you might
study law, for instance, during the
four years after graduation; but my
Hand Sapolio-TUe
Ideal forToilet and Bath
COLLINS
AND
BRETHERTON
BROKERS
ALL CURB STOC"
North Tigre Leasing Go,
25 CENTS PER SHARE
JACK BLDG.. MAIN 8TR6ET
I PHONE 26 BOX 1129
;,v
1 ' -
ill .. Ml ' -- .. IT , i - M.t I,
CAMEL, cigarettes win smokers from
the start because the expertly blended
choice Turkish and choice Domestic to
baccos make possible Camel's' delightful
mellow-mildness with that all-there "body."
Camels meet your fondest cigarette fancies
in so many ways. Their flavor is unusual
and refreshing; and, they permit you to
smoke as long as you will without any
unpleasant cigaretty aftertaste or unpleas
ant cigaretty odor. They're simply a ciga
rette delight ! That's the way you'll put it 1
You'll find Camels good all the way
through. It is a fact, you'll prefer Camels
expert blend of choice Turkish and choice
Domestic tobaccos to either kind of tobacco
smoked straight I And, Camels may be
smoked liberally without tiring your taste.
To know Camels best compare them in
every possible test with any cigarette in
the world at any price 1
Cames mrm ntd rryirier M mcJmn
tificafly 9ifrf packmgma, or tmn pack
(.200 cigarettes) in m glmftnm
pmvmr covmrrd cm r ton Wa mtrongly
rttcommend thia cmrton for tho hom
or oW supply or when you trmrmL
R. J, REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO.
Wioaton-Sak-m. N. C
:
Ik M
m
t?41
1
L
-
own feeling is that man does good
work chiefly when he is in some
ihing which he intends to make his
permanent work, and in which he is
deeply intprested. Moreover, there
will always be the chance that the
number of officers in the army or
navy will De deficient, and that you
would have to stay in the service
instead of getting out when you
wished.
I want you to think over all these
matters very seriously. It would be
a great misfortune for you to start
into the army or navy as a career
and find that you had mistaken your
desires and had gone in without
really weighing the matter.
You ought not to enter unless you
feel genuinely drawn to the life as a
life work. If so, go in; but not oth
erwise. Mr. Loeb told me today that it 17
he had tried for the army, but failed.
The competitor who beat him in is
now a captain. Mr..Loeb has passed
him by, although meanwhile a war
has been fought. Mr. Loeb says he
wished to enter the army because he
did not know what to do, and could
not foresee whether he would suc
ceed or fail in life, and felt the army
would give him "a Hiving and a car
reer." Now if this js at bottom your
feeling I should advise you not to go
in; I should say yes to some boys,
but not to you; I believe in you too
much, and have 'tof much confidence
in you. ;
(To Ee Continued.)
New Consignment j
of Victory Buttons j
i
El Paso has received a supply of
victory buttons for issue in accord-'
anee'with the following instructions:;
"Recruiting officers are permitted;
to issue victory buttons only to men j
discharged ironi navy or naval re-;
serve force. Men on inactive luty
will he supplied by commandant of
district. Men on active duty will be
supplied later."
This means that any regular ser
vice man who brings or sends his
discharge to Hie Kl Paso office will
be given his victory button. The no
Uii ion, "Issued victory button," must
be put on his discharge by the El
Paso office before he will be given
the button. Reservists on inactive
status will not get their buttons from
the recruiting officer but should, ap
ply for them to the commandant of
their naval district.
See our line of Whitman's candles
in beautiful Xmas fancy container at
the Bisbee Smoke House. Adv.
I Splendid assortment of slippers for
I the entire family; 85 cents to t'l.Vi ?.
pair. Fair Store. Adv.
i Every Red Cross Seal is a penny's
j worth of prevention and cure.
Tuberculosis kills one person every
three minutes, twenty every hour,
four hundred eight every day. Buy
Red Cross Seals and help prevent
this useless loss of human life.
tor
Sale
4
HERCULES OF THE SOUTHERN OIL FIELDS"
Texas Garage building on
new market site, Main street,
Lowell .and old sheet metal
iron building behind it; same
can be moved or torn down to
suitb uyer.
Bids must be submitted to
I. B. Joralemon, Warron, on
December 9th, or .made on
ground at Jl a. ,m., December
10th. " ' '
f
THE PRUDENT BATH
For the Oil Investor Makes the Following Steps Imperative
Before Buying Oil Stocks
1 Get acreage, with distance from specified production.
2 Investigate title degree of interest in the leases.
3 Personnel of company are they honest, prudent, capable?
4 Get approximate value of leases and other property.
5 Observe horse sense buy rationally, rot on the basis of emotional
insanity,, enthusiasm, exhilaration or GREED!
Then You'll Buy
AMERICAN OIL AND REFINING COMPANY
IT HAS PRODUCTION RUNNING INTO DIVIDEND AND
DEVELOPMENT ACCOUNT
At least six tracts located where production is inevitable, 42 separate
acreages, with first-class oil possibilities, men in charge who have
made their way to the top of the commercial ladder by exercise of
produnce, honesty and unflagging industry. THIS COMPANY
Welcomes Searching Investigation
Capitali
zation, One
-Million
Dollars
Shares
Par
Value
Gn
Dollar
ORDER DIRECT FROM :
HATFIELD & BRADFORD
Douglas, Arizona LICENSED BROKERS Bisbee, Arizona
Nogales, Arizona Tombstone, Arizona
EL PASO, TEXAS
ORDER FROM YOUR HOME BROKER"
Co
Special Savin
Values
Coats and Suits at
a Saving of from
lAtoy2
SPECIAL PURCHASES BY OUR NEW YORK BUYERS
WE SHARE OUR SAVINGS WITH YOU. COMPARE OUR PRICES AND BE CONVINCED
fit
LADIES' SUITS
Ladies' Suits in popular colors, fur and plain trimming, made of fine
quality Broadcloth; worth $50.00; our price .....$35.00
Ladies' Suits in blue, brown and Burgundy; come in Serge and Broad
cloth; worth up to $45.00; our price -.- $29.50
Ladies' Suits, in blue,' brown and black, made of Serge, Poplin and
Velour; very good styles; worth $35.00 to $37.50; our price $24.75
HATS
Special lot of Ladies' and Misses' Hats; worth up to $8; choice....$2.98
LADIES' COATS
Ladies' Coats in Velour and Silvertone; come in popular shades;
worth $35.00 to $37.50; our price...... - ......$24.75
Ladies' Coats, in fancy novelties and plain colors; worth up to $27.50:
our price $19.90
Ladies' Coats, in fancy neveltles and plain colors: worth $30.00; our
rrice 22-60
Ladies' coats, in popular colors, fur and plain collars; worth up to
$45.00; our price - - $29-50
Ladles' short plush Tolo Coats,
worth $25.00; our price $19.90
Incorporated
Ladies' Velveteen Polo Coats, black
only; worth $20; our price $14.75 PAGE FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW,
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1919
Is Thre Any Use Waiting for Uncle Sam?
By Morris
Bouillabaisse
B. P. GUILD, General Manager
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
SUBSCRIPTION RATE8 PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per Month 80
Six months ...... .....i - 4.60
Twelve Months . , , . 9.00
Sunday (Weekly) Per Year I 2.50
Statements to Review subscribers are rendered on or about the
first of every month. If you receive The Review through' a City
Carrier, he will bring your statement to you for collection. Make
all checks payable to The Bisbee Daily Review. Those desiring
subscriptions for more than one month may secure them by advis
ing The Review office.
A THOUGHT FOR THE DAY
"Doubtless the world is wicked enough, but it will not b- im
prcvea by the extension or n spirit which self-riglneously sees more
to reform outside of itself than in itself." J. G. Holland.
THE PANDOLFO CONVICTION
OF special intorest in Arizona. In vi?w of his operations in this
state, is the news that S. C. Pa.i.lo.fo, president and chief pro
moter of the Pan Motor company, has been convicted in the
federal court in Chicago on four counts' of an indictment returned
by the grand jury, charging misuse of the United States mails.
The conviction of Pandolfo is especially important in that it
may be expected to have a salutary effect on the conducUof promo
tion schemes in general throughout the United States whether such
Schemes be of mines, oil, motors of anything else. The day whert
the average citizen could be separated from his hard-earned savings
by the suave pronioticn buncoist, and Induced to sink his little mite
in some glittering wildcat venture, is past. The oil and other promo
tion companies which are doing business in Arizona today and sur
viving are the legitimate enterprises, in which the investor gets a
fun for his money. The other kind soon come to grief, a la Pandolfo.
Pandolfo's fellow promoters were acquitted, but so long was
their trial, and so great the 3train they were under that some of them
shed tears when the verdict was announced. It is safe io say that
in future promotion enterprises all these men will be chary of the
company they keep.
Meanwhile, Pandolfo's famous one million dollar libel suit against
pract ically every bank in Arizona for alleged aspersions cast .on. His
promotion methods is still pending in the United States district court
in Tucson.
JOHNSON AND WOOD
A LITTLE straw will show which way the Wind blows, and as the
citizens of the Warren District may be taken as a fair repre
sentation of the citizens of the entire nation, (he progress of
the straw vote on presidential nominations now being conduct
ed by the Bisbee Daily Review would seem to indicate that the
Republican national convention next year is due to stage a battle
royal between Senator Hiram Johnson of California and General
Leonard Wood.
Over both these men, it may be said, the mantle of Roosevelt has
fallen. Beth were Roosevelt's friends; Johnson was Roosevelt's run
ning mate on the presidential ticket of the famous Bull Moose cam
paign in 1912, and Wood .was Ro osevelt's ideal of the American soldief.
There are many other Republican candidates in the field for the VJ'M
nomination, but even at this distance in time, It is safe conjecture
that the main Republican strength will be concentrated about these
two outstanding figures.
Apparent lack of interest in the race on the Democratic side may
be explained by the fact 'that it is still uncertain whether Woodrow
Wilson will again be a candidate. Until all hope of having him as a
1920 standardbearer is closed to the Democrats, they ill not begin
casting about in earnest for a candidate upon whom they can unite
though there are many strong presidential possibilities In the Demo
cratic ranks. Indeed, the Democratic party is far more favored in
this respect than the Republican, which has only a choice, apparently,
between two men over whom the mantle of the late Colonel Roose
velt may be thrown. ,
BUY RED CROSS SEALS
ONLY two more days remain of the big drive in which it is hoped
to raise. $6,500,000 for the war against tuberculosis throughout
the nation, by the sale of Red Cross Christinas Seals. Arizona's
quota Is 575,000, and it behooves the residents of the Warren
District to get busy in the next two days and put. their share of this
quota across. N'o letter or parcel should leave the local postofiice
without one or more Red Cross Seals attached. .
Colcnel Epes Randolph of Tucson, veteran worker in anythiug
and everything for the good of the state and the nation, hu8 thd fol
lowing to Kay of the Red Cross Seal drive:
"I believe that the work of the Arizona Anti-Tuberculosis Asso
ciiition as outlined in their program for this year is excellent and
peculiarly adaptable to cur stale, which is blessed with a health.,
giving climate. Hundreds of people afflicted with tuberculosis seek
refuge here every year, and humanity demands that we do whatever
we can to help these sufferers. I can conceive of no better way in
which to raise funds for this purpose lhah to ask ouf people to buy
Red Cross Christinas seals. It Is a democratic method, because in
this way every man and woman can contribute in accordance with
their respective means. I feel sure that Arizona will do hef share in
promoting this good work."
Tuberculosis kills producers chiefly men and women between
the ages of 15 and 45. It claims workers active men and women
in the homes, the office and the shop. It cost the United States in
economic waste alone about $500,000,000 annually. More than
1,000,00 persons in this country are suffering from active tuberculosis
right now.
Yet tuberculosis is curable and preventable. The National Tu
berculosis Association and its 100 affiliated state and local organisa
tions wage a continuous, winning war on tuberculosis. The work or
these organizations is financed chiefly by the sale of Red - Cross
Christmas Seals.
Buy and use Red Cross Christmas Seals!
OUR INTEREST IN THE COAL STRIKE
THK interest ot soutnern Arizona in uie nauon wuie coai ruiru
is more in the supremacy of the government than in personal
comfort or continuance of industry. This is no ordinary situ
ation, and it is for that reason that the usual lalk about the
right of labor to strike falls on deaf ears of the public. The country
is going to have coal if they all have to turn strike-breakers. The
Hiverelcnly of the government Is challenged hy Vn organized minority
of ils own citizens.
The coal miners who defy the government and seek hy freezing
and j-larv'ng the nation to attain their selfish ends are outside th"
pale or the law.
As Individuals they have, a leal right io refrain from work.
Where two or more of tin m enter into agreement to refrain from
work.' they are conspii ing to restrict production and are outlaws.
This Is no ordinary case of maintaining the rights of individuals.
The Anglo-Saxon tradition upen which our respect for individual
rights Is based never contemplated ihat there should be such a col-IcitiV-
assertion of Untie rlshts ;iu would bring denth and deslltic
lion Io a whole people. If self pi cscrval Ion is a first law of Mature.
It is equally a Hrst law ot society. Society, through organized gov
ernment, will piei.eivo it.'lt, whai ui. iv.
THE AMERICAN LEGION MASCOT h '
1 SMILE Willi LIS
VOL. 1 BISBEE, ARIZONA . No. 1 !
DISCIPLINE HIM!
Hfc'S AFTER BURKE . . LlTl
f T I KH , A "Tb,
yyJZTJT :
THE TELEGRAPH EDITOR
The self-determined pluck the plumes from Woodrow's dove of peace.
Lithuanians, Esthonions, Ruthenians and Croats
Are out with bomb and snickersnee to get each other's goats.
While Crecho-Jugo-Slovaks loud the Fourteen Points invoke
And 1 must write their doggonj names; I hope t' Gosh they choke.
o
From Sun to Sun The Once Over
Oh, boy! Ain't it a grand und glorious feeling when after listening to
the padre discourse learnedly upon various subjects and you sleep contented
ly through the fire and brimstone part of the same to awake and learn that
the collection plate passed unnoticed and the wire failed to notice your gain!
o
HEARD AT THE ELKS' CLUB.
Jack Connolly Wbere's Frank Jennings?
Jimmy Nichols-ln -the back room playing solitaire.
Jack Connolly Who with?
QUICK, THE NEEDLE!
Sugar goes to nineteen cents.
Kow sweet of It.
WHAT HE DIDN'T LIKE.
"It's no use," . said the worried
junior partner. "I'll have to get a
new. typist."
"Pity!" said his colleague. "Miss
Jones always seemed a nice obliging
sort Of girl."
"Oh, she's all that. But she will
keep interrupting me when I'm dic
tating to ask me how to spell words."
"That certainly Is a great waste of
time."
"It's not that I object to," explained
the junior partner, "but it looks so
bad to keep on saying 'I don't
know.' "
HE'S RIGHT AND HE'S WRONG.
Eminent Copper Queen physician Ventures that short, slit skirts are not
indecent. Says "Leg is nothing to look at." Depends on the leg, doesn't it?
o
S. O. S.
This Sun to Sun rays is conducted by ( w ell, modesty forbids). Please
l elp me. Ood knows I need it.
- a
SOUNDS REASONABLE.
Barney Norton Bays the fireman should select the motto when they join
the' tiniOfi of "Strike while the fire 13 hot."
d .
YOU JUDGE,
Our telegraph editor sings his mournful refrain up above a few feet.
Djv.n in Did rtope we feci the following would be more appropriate:
I'm feeling bad; my heart is sad;
1 don't know what to do.
I can't sit still; I never will;
But this is nothing new.
Four hundred times I've felt like this;
A life of sad regrets. ,
Yes, that's the tvay I always feel
When swearing off the cigarettes. .
T - - - o : '
But, aB the teamster remarked, "I never was much on the race horse
game, but nobody can say I wasn't always behind tny horses."
L I E SOFTHE D A Y
Your cellar is full of coal.
Nobody knows Roberts would run for governor.
The release of Jenkins clarifies V. S.-Meico situation.
There are more homes than tenants.
Arizona is the only state in the union not dotted With moonshine stills.
You haven't made a mistake today.
"Autumn is a beautiful season."
"I don't think so," replied ihe con-
! trfidictory person. "The trees turn
yellow and red and remind me con-
; stantly of the I. W. W."
Home Hint From Helen Hunt
Wooden dish pans won't rust. '
o
Few are the wets still hoping, for the oasis that was to have followed
declaration of the1 end of the war.
Many banks, we read ,arc being robbed ift the cast. Car.'t understand
these robbers. What afe they gding to dd with the money cah't buy liquor,
coal or sugar.
o
The Bolsheviki see a prospective member in the ex-kaiser. He's grow
ing whiskers.
AKRON, O.. D..C S. Championship
of the A. E. F. is not enough for Bob
Martin. He's after the leadership of
the whole American army and navy, i
Sergeant Jack Burke of Chicago
holds the championship of the stay-at-j
homes. Martin is going after hin and !
a match is expected to be arranged for j
early next year.
OHIO FIGHTS REDS ;
COLUMBUS, O.. Dev. 8. All Ameri-j
can Legion posts in Ohio have their
sleeves rolled up, prepared to fight ,
Un-Americanism out of the state.
Action against those who seek to '
change the government by force was
called by F. W. Galbraith, state com
mander of the American Legion, and
every member is helping to crush all
forms of ant 1-American propaganda.
months' pay to the widows or parents
of the men who died in the service
during the war, is up to, congress for
action. It was reported put by the
house military affairscommittee.
IN THE WORLD OF WOMAN
El
DAILY SMILE FOR WOMEN.
Her eyes were red and she ex
plained that she had bnen to it wed
ding. "I always cry more at a wed
ding than I do at a funeral it's no
much more uncertain."
The ex-crown prince wants to come
to America. Does he know the coun
try is dry?
When you grumble anout your
meals think of the time you said you'd -j
eat anything so long as it was at home j
News Note Sam i Jenkins nearly
was nearly mobbed on Armistice day j
when he went to the parade wearing I
an iron cross he bought in Paris, in- J
MENU FOR .TODAY.
Breakfast oranges, griddn
cakes, syrup, coffee.
LUNCHEON Cheese croquettes,
brown bread and butter, sweet pick
les, lemon pie, tea.
DINNER Lima lyans en casserole,
baked potatoes, stewed tomatoes,
bread and butter, apple-celery and
r.ut salad, graham pudding, coffee.
Association of Commerce of Chicago. I
Miss King is a thorough business
Woman and the only woman lawyer
to win a case before tha supreme!
court of the United States.
Her stand is taken in view of the
LEGION KIN ASK CHARTER
WASHINGTON First steps to form
a Woman's auxiliary to the American
Legion have been made In this citj
Women relatives of members of
Stuart Wolcott Post have asked for a
charter in the auxiliary sanctioned by
the legion.
TO PAY BEREAVED
WASHINGTON A bill granting six
stead of his D. S. C.
Isn't It great not to have to say
"Combeeyen," "bookoo" and No
compree" any more?
"Action!" yelled the American Le
gion. And there was after the reds.
The alien slacker is a fighter
when it comes to defending the profits
he made on the war.
Be careful with your sumraerwear
you can't trade it in as you used to in
the atmy.
Turning Back the Calendar
Seventeen Years Ago In Bisbee
today's recipe.
Lima beans en casserole.
1 "-4 cups dried lima beans.
4 slices bacon.
1 onion.
1-3. cup carrots.
1 green pepper.
1-2 teaspoon salt.
1-4 teaspoon pepper.
Soak beans over ni.alit. Drain and
put in cesserole and sprinkle with
salt and pepper. Slice onion ajid
papper. Dice carrots. Fry vege
tables with. bacon, stirring constantly,
until browned. Add to besns and
poiir over boiling water to half the
depth of the beans. Cover and cook
in a slow bven until beans are soft.
Star of Royalty
7
From the 3isbec Daily Review of Tuesday, Dec. 9, 1902.
I
Two unknown nun tried to hold up
Robert Hutchinson last night as he
was ton his way home. They succeed
ed Irt inflicting a severe knife wmind
on his arm.
The Elks lodge held a very beauti
ful and Impressive memorial cere
mony yesterday at the opera house1.
I The house was beautifully decorated
with flowers which were shipped here
for the purpose from California.
Hall heard Professor James Douglas
tell of "Bisbee of the Past" last Sun
day evening. He niHde several vivid j
contrasts hy showing siereopticon
vie of the old tlrtm mining camp.
i
I The Review is now preparing to is
jsue a Christmas edition that Will
j eclipse anything ever issued in thj
' past In this city.
Jay Wilmoth. a miner employed at
the Holbiook shaft, had a shoulder
dislocated yesterday by falling ,-oek
in the Neptune slope.
I Mrs. Theodore Thomas, the colored
Salvation Army cVHUselist who pre
dicted the Jerome fire, has arrived in
Bisbee and will make this her h.ntu .
I Ah yet she has not predicted any fires i been Invited to attend the midwinter
! for Bisbee. ; carnival at Kl Paso in a body. Tin y
j , replied ihat they would accept ii fur-
' A li'ri- numhiT of people ui Ijihcurv iijh-ln (I with tents ijuil blaiiLcls.
The Bedlnen lodge of Bisbee has on
A WORD FOR CONDENSED MILK.
Perhaps you have a "feeling" about
using condensed milk. Many women
hate had, but have gotten bravely
vcr il- f
Condensed milk is really one of the
be:it foods we can buy. It contains
much sugar and more butler fat than
. . -l "millimall " So the
I UR UI Jlimi . .ill
ford value of condensed milk is hUti-e-
thrn that or plain milk.
The convenience of having perfect
ly sweet milk always on hand is u
point in favor of canned milk.
The process ot manufacturing con
densed milk is wonderfully clean
and sanitary and scientific, as it is
eooked milk the danger ol disease
jre'nis is not so great ai in tho usual
dairy product.
WOMAN HITS INACTION
OF THE 1. S. SENATE
'(llH'AGO. Dec. f:. "Never uKuin
let Hie ca.loi.nist and the funny men
the newPfiMieiK (lepra. i iui
n..j -lin t i in ;e iwiuui
! m l in ing able to m;iV up ' heir
i in -nits." says Miss Florence King.
prei-.lil- lit ! the NalUili.il Woman':.
r
1k
7
merco hold their' responsible posi
tions of doctors, lawyers, welfare and
community workers with large cor
porations? "There Is but one answer, for busi
ness demands results those women
are doing the job at least as well as
the men. or perhaps better. This
means they are making up their
minds and arriving at decisions a
hundred times a day."
CODDLING CUT GLASS
Perhaps cut glass requires more
coddling than any other bit of table
decoration.
Extremes of temperature will set
deeply cut pieces to cracking and
cause breakage.
It's always well to wash cut glass
in warm water and rinse it in water
very nearly the same temperature.
Soap suds bring out the sparkle and
colors in the glass. Be sure that the
articles to be washed are reasonably
near the temperature ' of the water.
To plunge a cold water glass into
even moderately hot water will prove
disastrous to the glass.
Pieces that are not in constant use
ar ebettcr if wiped from th sudsy
water without rinsing, as the luster
of the glass is somewhat dulled by
clear water. A soft brush is excel
lent for washing as it gets down into
the deeply cut pattern as a cloth can
not be made to.
LONDON After entertaining the
soldiers of Great Britain during the i
! war. Mine. Clara Butt has begun a I
' concert program for the nobility. She
made her start by singing before the
king and queen.
' sena'c delay in doing something to
' or wiih the peace treaty.
"When Mr. Wilson' was in Europe,"
I says Miss King, "we heard nothing
i but how long it took to get treaty.
Now we hear nothing hut how lone
; it will take Io get the United Slates
senate to do something. In the mean
time the world is aflame with unrest,
t r.tisltiesii wants action and that ac
; lien mc;ns work lor everjbody.
-l hope we have heard the last
' about women being bile for the the
ater and hcina unable to make uu
their minds. Why do you suppose
tli'1 thousands of womtn in the Na
tional Woman's Association of Com-
SUCCESSFUL BOTH AS
MOTHER AND ACTRESS
NEW YOItK. Uce. 8. Motherhood,
plus n career, has been the decision
of Edith Hallor. Starting as a mem
ber of the hnauty brigade in Zicg
feld's Follies, she climbed to the role
cf a principal, then to star. She re
tired from the Mage to marry Ivjiw
nnru Weber, a New York million
ire. After the birth of her son. she
d'-cided she Could combine the activi
ties ol a wife anil mother with the
strenuous life of a motion picture
the plcluriation of "The Blue Pearl. "
siar. and now she is appearing In
"I would rather be known as a
good cook n lid a good muther than
to be the greatest actress in the
wot hi." she s;iys. "The most sue
ceHsful thing 1 do is baking bread.
There are l'ol many actresses who
can say as much."
Are our children Modern Health
.Crusaders? Bed Cross Christmas
Seals tiiiHiicc this niocmcnt. PAGE FIVE
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1919
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
V
?
f.5
V
1
i
Local : IN SPOR T RE A LM World j Ranchers and I
m. i i . 11 iiiii i r iniinii' m a c -
i An nnnr a ai n nnic TUtv apt m n a h m-Hh rv .1 1 stocK re
LllluuLii riiiu u his 11 iu urn 1 ill l rill l nLllL l-uu,,wul"-i L E
KRAMER READY' . rs: 1 Tit FOB ill 50HMICH Attention!
J ' I . I u
a
Athletic Club Promises Three
Lively Battles In Arena
For Thursday Night
Danny Kramer and Ralph Lincoln,
heading the Elsbee Athletic club's
Thursday night card, are in condition
and ready to go, pays Frank Lough
ery, club matchmaker.
The two fighters will work out a
bit this afternoon and tomorrow, to
give the local fans a chance to see
them before they meet at the Grand
theater.
This afternoon the boxers will ex
hibit themselves in a round or two
of sparring in the Brophy building,
Lowell, across the street from the
Lowell postoffice. The miners com
ing off shift at 4 o'clock will have a
chance to see the two bantamweights
at that time.
Tomorrow afternoon Kramer and
Lincoln will work out their last bit
of training in Bisbee before the
fight.
The fight should be a fast one and
liard fought, for it is a grudge fight.
Kramer has one victory over Lin
coln and Lincoln has been laying for
him.
As has been announced, this fight
is a substitute for the Happy Woods
Mevers match, which was called ofr
on "the advice of Dr. S. D. Townsend
of Tucson, after an examination of
Woods' eye, which was injured in
his last light.
Tony Ochoa, who Is on the c.rd to
mix- it With Kid Bruno of Douslas.
will arrive today from Tucson. Most
of the other fighters on the card will
not be in Bisbee nntil Thursday,
The semi-final is going to bring
some of the heavier stuff on the mat
when Bob Collins, heavyweight, is
put up against Billie Johnson.
Kid Griffo and Battling Herrera
ate scheduled to raise the curtain.
With these 26 rounds of boxing the
program promises the local fans jazz
music, xylophone solos, vocal solos
and some community singing.
Mike Collins of St. Paul is a pretty
keen judge of fighters. Mike brought
out Fred Fulton, who, it is generally
conceded, is one of the greatest na
tural fighters in the game and might
today be champion if he had the real
tourage so necessary to the makeup
of a title holder.
Mike's latest wonder is little Mike
Ertle. Mike Is the young brother of
Johnny "KewpieV Ertle, who for a
long time claimed the championship
of the bantamweight class. Collins
Collins.
Ertle is just back in the ring after
a season on the farm of his brother
Johnny in Minnesota. Johnny proved
a real farmer boy and he liked the
outdoors so well he didn't want to re
turn to the game despite the glowing
picture of a ring career and the ros
eate prospect of copping the cham-
Blind Handicap Brings Out
Good Performances On
Warren Links
OVER THE STATE
SPORT CIRCUIT
CX Id
V ii 111 H if! i
n r h 4 A
y W'-h. riM ,v. J
r T H II ti " S ii
1 ' 'djjl
The golf season or. the Warren
Country club link? got,. under 'way in
earnest Sunday. . the .ripening round
of the winter tournament being char
acterized by a number of brilliant
j matches. As. a . result , of Sunday's
! play, pairings for the seconJ round
j of the tourney next Sunday are as
i follows:
j Class A Dowell vs. Poppen; Chap-
man vs.. Cowan. , . - . .r.
j Class B Bankard vs. McGregor;
Lngelder vs. Whitely.
Class C Burgess vs. - Williamson;
A. Dupen vs. Houle.- '-
Class D L. Dupen vs. H. B. John
son; Notman vs. CroweJl.
Class E Mohler .vs. Carlisle; Bal
morth vs.. A. O. Johnson.
A feature of the play yesterday was
a blind medal handicap match, ar
ranged by D. K White of the 8yl
vanus club of Toledo, O., the Country
club golf instructor. The blind score
selected was 85. In. the play Mr.
Cromwell and Mrs. Brooks tied at
86; J. A. HoWen was .third, with 87,
and Mr. McGregor was;. fourth with
On Saturday afternoon- next the
Red and Blue teams.' captained by
Henry Poppen and X. B. Gohring
will play a match, to, he followed by
a golf dinner in the. evening at the
Country club. There will be no dance
at the club that evening.
On New Year's day a flag match
will be held on the links. The Coun
try club members are also looking
forward to their New" Year's Eve
ball. This will probably" he a dinner
dance, although this has not definite
ly been decided upon.)
eaers-
The Knights of Columbus soccer
team won its game with the Copper
Queen Stars Sunday at Warren Park,
1 to 0.
The teams were sort and out of
training, but the game was well con
tested. To start with, the 1C. C. team
gained an iimamage wnen ypi. iei-jn
lord won tne toss ror cnoice oi enus
and picked that with his back to the
sun. The first half of play was hard;
fought, each team battling to score,
with no results.
Soon after the teams started their
fight in the second halg Lancaster,
the Queen's goalkeeper, was kept
busy. Kelly, of the Knights, got
started and played spectacularly
throughout the last period of play.
He received the ball from Duffy and,
running f?Kt with the ball before
him srn rpl ih first and only point
' Next Sunday there will be another
soccer game, when the Shattuek"Mlne
team plays the Knights aggregation.
We have around 2,000 head of good, gentle Mexican
steers, suitable for feeding, from three years old up,
which we wish to put out for feed in such lots as can be
handled to advantage, and are willing to pay the follow
ing pr.ccs ior
weight gained:
SAFETY IS FOUND
IN .AIR, REPORT
LONDOS, Dec. 7. Air ministry re-
Dorts show that of 52,000 passengers j
carried in civil planes since May 1, tnrnr. 'I MM I II III II
! 1 r per pound for weight gained first 60 days
i Z cents per pound for weight gained first 70 days
1 3 cents per pound for weight gained first 80 days
1 4 cents per pound for weight gained first 90 days
1 5 cents per pound for weight gained first 1 00 days
1 6 cents per pound for weight gained first 1 1 0 days
1 7 rents per pound for weight gained first 1 20 days
Deliver will be made at Naco or Douglas, Arizona. Cor
respondence solicited from responsible parties on whom
our representative will call to look over the feed offered,
and complete all arrangements.
Address E. A. TOVREA & CO., Bisbee, Arizona.
ii.'-jjiui5 -ii ''.'.i.,.'n.mjwn-.
da A
HALF
SOLE
Gibbons
STECHER THROWS ZBYSKO.
NEW YORK, Dec. 8. Joe Steelier
of Dodse. Neb., threw Wladek Zbysz-
j ko of Poland, i na catch-as-catch-can
'wrestling match here tonight, after
two hours, 24 minutes and 16 seconds.
I The match was a finish one and
! Stccher scored the winning fall with
; a head scissors and wrjst lock.
SAY CHAMBERS WINNER
The Phoenix newspapers are unan-
is in declaring that nussei wm-
says, he's a greater fighter than ; pionsiilp. But he's back now and the
Johnny ever was and that he is head- j fur is flying when he is on the card
od straight for the championship Pete , Mike Collins has other irons In the
Herman holds. I fire but this one he is watching close
"He is a small edition of Mike Gib- ly.
bons," says the' enthusiastic Collins. And Collins seldom goes wrong in
"He moves around like Gibbons and , picking them. Collins has Johnny
hits like him. He's the fastest of all ! Noye, who beat Lew Tencuer in Den
the mantams and he can hit hard." ,vcr and then went east and took ai
Kiflp has trained with flihhons .mil ..whinninor from TVnrllpr in turn rnnnrlu
imous ill ueciaiiws - i --- - ...
... r." A ,1 n thp I hia fnriti nrnvou bo B an :J fl i ' n t minil I Tint ovdn t i n Vni-o tn"t Ymt
Kr hnt! TUP eue OIX duuic xiw., l " " -- " i- t' i ' ...w . v . .. -" ....... uuj .
una . , I it i, .. v, .. ,1 f . ,i v . ; .v. i .j i '
P'icific Coast Welierweiglll. lumui'iuu, nc uaa unu i uitc a irtv uaiuura tiuu uiiiiia n eta uuuaiuig Liie umu'tjl. Jt
7 ,v,;, Kmit in the state capital Fri-lhas equitted himself credlvably ! was Mike Ertle. Collins says Noye is
dav night which Referee MacDonald I against the topnotchers in the bantam-1 a corking good lightweight and one
decided in favor oi nust. uion v ioo. vwino vtv iw w" tiF uuj ui mc luyuuuuri et
iinn wmild have Deell sausiauLui 3, 1 111m out agauiM xeie nenuau enny : uui 11a mua 1 eiaiin me cnampionsnip
uav thP Phoenix papers, dui u a u.- i4u hoi ioe.
. ...... . iVia inniotjiils I "And whpn thev meet KrtTe ill ! Just kppn vnur pvp rn Milru uml
. . 1 , . .1 in tiivor in 1 1 1 1 r ui v n-- v... v - . r . w uuu
ir. ho ffiTpn it should hava tT.e I take Herman's crown from him,' says I Mike.
to Chambers, rather than H Je. .hs.m-
bt rs Moored the Pacific Coast Loxei
twice during the ten rounds, but did
not hurt him on either occasion
Referee MacDonald, It is said, was
struck and knocked down by an irate
citizen after he had left the ring.
SAFFORD BOXING CARD
w AFFORD. Dec. S The "tight fans
of Safford and the valley will have an
nnnortunitv of witnessing two Dig do-v
inc events, which have been arranged
by the boxing committee of the Sal
fnrii Athletic Association.
Thf first event will be held on
riiHsimiiB dav. December 23th, and
h a ten-round bout between
Willie Robinson, of Phoenix, and Bob
bie Waugh, of El Paso.
Wmiirh will be remembered here by
the t-plendid exhibition nc gate m his
fight with Caveman Carlson, of Globe
hi which he rendered a KnocKOUl it
the caveman in the third ropnu.
vnhinson Is one of the coming fight
of the state, and is considered oih
of the best boxers the capital city hat
produced.
PICKS SOUTHWEST TEAM
J F McKule, the veteran coach win.
iias l.iloted the University of Arizona
Wildcats to many a victory, has pick
d the All-Southwestern football team
fr.r tin. 19l'(i season, me team in
Kir university of Arizona play
-r ('oath McKule'rt elections, with
an article by hiin on the football sea-
un t 1910 in the Bouthwesi, win ap
.lMr in i;nilding's official football
nuide for l'JJO. The AU-SouthWestern
team as seletted by Conch McKale it
as follows.
Marief. Univ. .of Arizona, Hnd.
virChide. Univ. of New Mexico.
Smith. Univ. of Arizona, Guards
Lynch, Capt.. Univ. of Ait... Center.
W f n n i l ill . New Mex. Mil. inst.,
Guard. .
Hardaway. Univ. of Ariz., TackTo.
Rogers, Univ. of New Mex., End.
Slonaker, Univ. of Ariz.. Quarter.
CI Mann, Univ. of New Mm., Half.
Ma'izo, Univ. of Arizona. Hair.
Gerphcidc, l'n ot N. Mex.. Full.
mpvers TO BOX IN TUCSON
t.vi.nnv Mi ver. who encountered a
l'.it f n-at hard lurk when his s lied
.:.tii with Haitpy Woods her?
was lulled off owln;i to an Injury t(
.,v.x lins been matched f"l
a semifinal six round bout on th
ni. ht i.r il... l'iiliiier-ColiniH inaUh in
Tmsnn D.-ipinhi r 12. The Arizona
Star has the following:
Johnny Myers, the P.isbec whirl
wind, will probably find in Kid Heaver
tho touL'lusl man lie ever nhook
Lauds with in the ring. Myers is to
By HAZZ BERR V.
A man with an idea is a rarity;
and sometimes an oddity; sometimes
a nut. Babe Ruth has an idea he
can train for a month and then chal
lenge Jack Dempsey. Of course, if a
moving picture press agent had the
idea, there is nothing rare or odd or
nutty about it. It is natural for a
press agent to be that way. But
FOR A ROW OF BARKIN'Gaoin n n
where does Babe get that way?
RT
LOUISIANA
OIL BULLETIN
Containing Map of the Louisiana
Oil Fields, and four ' 7-column
pages of live oil news fresh from
the oil fields. Compiled from oil
field journals and newspapers up
to Dec. 1st. Call and get a free
copy, or drop us a postal and it
will be mailed to you, free.
BAILEY, HALL & CO.
Investments,
602-4-6 Citizens Natl. Bank Bldg.
Los Angeles. Phone 62174. Calif.
r
5000 MORE MILS AT ONLY 1-2 THE COST.
Adjustments Made Over Counter.
-Low
ail
Motor
Co
J. W. HENDRY, Prop.
Lowell
Phone 738
niMimiilTi
nson and then resmashed it on the
head of Jeff Clarke. Neither of the
gents mentioned are blondes. I
Bill Carlisle is in jail again. He's
got such a record as 3. robber they'll
want him to umpire in the prison j
league next summer. I
Well Known Author 'of 'Children's Stories
To Write Exclusively For the Daily Review
HITTING THIS OLD APPLE FOR
A STACK OF CAKES IS NOTHING
LIKE HITTING JACK DEMPSEY
OR A ROW -OF DA R KING DOGS
Maybe you have read all about our
near-break with Mexico. Apparently
there is as much kick In the near-bre-ak
as there is in nearbeer.
But it probably is a desire
publicity that promoted the idea.
aere are a few lines to help
work along.
Great rejojicing in Oakland City. :
Ind., for Eddie Roush leads the Na-
tlonal league in batting. Of course,
that has been the case right alons,
forj out tlle statisticians just found it out.
So i
the; LEFT EARFUL.
OLIVE
ROBERTS
BARTON'S
i
Babe Ruth had 29 knockouts in the
. (American league last summer.
Bob Martin may find it necessary
to draw the color line In selecting
,-iis sDarrina Dartners. He smashed i But
his hand on the head of Harry Rob- tackles Jack ucmpsey in tne ring.
RIGHT EARFUL,
he can't use a bat
when he
Bisbee what Happy Woods is to Tuc-
on; he is a comer with an unbroken
jtiinp; ot victories, Mycis was to n:ie
ouimt Woods at Pisbee next Y riciay,
out on account of the fact that a cut
over Happy's eye, presented him by
Monsieur Frenchy DopnfnrlHH, opened
up and was in ilanser of becoming in
jected several days ago, the bout was
postponed.
Myers has a roou wallop, n heady
jtyle of fiuhtins and will take an aw
ful boutine to tiiul out pust what Ins
opponent has before wuditiK him. I
Heaver last a decision to Georye Moss :
Friday nijjht, but it was only becauwe;
:ie was fishtlnj? ft lad who bus Ill !
years done nothing hut study diifer-t
nt methods" ol fitIitin.
WAUGH IN EL PAuo '
Itohby Waimli is hack in l.l ra.-oj
and is ft;.sv explaining why he lost :
to Willie Robinson in Miami, says the j
Tucson Citizen. Hobby sijs niat he
was in poor condition and not 1'oeliiiK .
mell tlie nieht ol the bout. Of course!
m one nut l.ooo'.e Knows jusi now .
he was feeling, but Wattuli a.v. .iys,
vas a ti inperaiiiental cu.-s. II.' eitn I
liht like a be ar cat 0110 tiotil niul m j
tamer tluiu a HelKian Iiiht tlf n i
ine. Just seems to he his nature.
Make Arizona the healthiest state in
the American Union. Join in the fitfht
against the spread of tuberculosis.
Buy Red Cross Christmas Seals.
ITHERS, DO THIS
"When the Children Cough,
Rub Musterole on Throats
and Chests
No tcl'inir how soon hn ryirpions
may develop into croup, or worse. And
then's when you'ro g'.nd you hav n
jar of Musterole ct l.r.d tj r,iv.
prompt, sure rcli?f. It do not blister.
As first aid nn'l a ccratn remedy,
Muaterolc is excellent. Thousands of
mothers know it. You rliov.ld keep a
jar in thr- 1-ourc, rendy for im-Unt Uio.
It is the remedy for r.dult?, tco. Re
lieves sore throat, bonchitis, tonrilitir,
rroup, stiff ny.k, r.3thrr.a, n-'iraliT
headache, c?ntr?L:or. pleurisy, rheu
m8tim. liimbaj-.-.', paino and ac!ics of
Lack or Joints, f.prain.-.. "orf- muscles,
tliilblains, frosted fc-ct s:il c:ld3 of tirj
thest (it often prevents pneumonia.
30c and 00c jars; ho.pii.tl ziza ?2.o0.
New Serial
For Children
Starts Todav in
The Daily
Review
Wholesome,
Entertaining
Instructive,
Illustrated.
rA yzj vv rnA vc
"ADVENTURES
OF THE
T W I N S
Will Be a
Joy to Every
Child Reader.
Become Ac
quainted With
'Nick' and 'Nancy'
in the First Adven
veiitiirc, Printed in
Today's Issue of
The Review
Her our line of Whitmans candies
in beautiful Xitta.-; tam.v eiuilaincrs al ,
.the Bisbee Smoke House. Adv. j
Hi
yu-g. Barton and Her Lsltle Oaughters, Virginia and Mary
DADDY: MOTHER! HERE'S A TREAT FOR YOUR KIDDIES!
Ml PAGE SIX
THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW,
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 9. 1919
.
. - (
' 'I
: i
.i
-.','
ADVENTURE-S
OF THE: TWINS
by OH ve Kobcrkr Barton.
1 ,
The Magical Mushroom
H 'Nancy and Nick were very sad, for Jocko, their pet
monk,ey, had run away. He had taken his little black shoe
button eyes,' and his red coat, and his long, long tail and dis
appeared altogether ,
le twins (Nancy and Nick were twins) looked every-
vhere for him, but all they could find were a few grains of
j sawdust on the porch, and a few more grains near the gate,
laricl some more: ddvnitjy the apple-tree in the crooked lane
Jocko had a little rip In. one side where the cloth was sewed
and Nancy's heart ached as she thought of how careless sjie
had been not to mend hiin, and how thin he must be getting.
They lan to the end of the lane and started through the
v l rfl
SAYS CARRAKZI
PLOTTED REVOLT
(Continued From rage One)
dressed to Mannelc Aguirre Berlanga,
Mexican minister of governation,
says:
Carranza Signs
"Sonor Lino Caballo bearer of this
letter, -is the person who, in company
with two friends, will bring to you
the manifest and the plan which they
desire to put into practice in the
staff of Texas.
"This plan being very favorable for
Mexico, please aid them in every way
and give the necessary instructions in
the frontier states.
"I remain your affectionate friend,
"V. CARRANZA."
The second letter, dated August 19,
and addressed to the same govern
ment official, follows: ,
"The present letter will be deliver
ed to you by Mr. Juan N. Garcia and
the two friends from Texas who ac
company him and, in accordance with
our conversation, please give them
the guarantees solicited, as well as
the pecuniary assistance they desire.
I "I remain your friend,' affection
ately.,
"V. CARRANZA."
iS.P.O.E, HOLDS
i SORROW LODGE
' How Great, O Lord, Is Thy Good-of $30 and declased he would remain
ness"; J. Berlendis played a violin I single
solo and Ihe Reynolds orchestra of
fered several selections.
"Why, it must be that mushroom talking' said Nick
meadow toward the woods. But half way across they stopped
to rest in the shade of a big chestnut tree.
Suddenly they heard someone calling; the voice was very
near. The children listened closely and this is what they
heard: ' -T W?Wiiyr
"Please pick me so the cows won't step on me! Won't
you please pick me!"
"Why, it must be that mushroom talking," said Nick in
surprise. "There isn't another thing round anywhere.
"I'll pick you, said Nancy, suiting the action to the word.
"Is that what you want?"
"Oh, thank you," said the mushroom. "I never meant to
prow in a cow field, I'm so afraid of being tramped. Didn't I
hear you talking of a lost monkey? Perhaps I can help you,
for I'm matrical, you know. So if you hide me back of that
bier stone, I'll tell you all about it tomorrow, and by that time
I II have the green shoes.
After that it wouldn't say another word, and the twins
left it, wondering what a mushroom should want with shoes
9 YEARS OUT OF BED, "
SHE DIES IN CHAIR
LONDON, Dec. 8. Annie Sargood,
aged 75, died in London the other day
from heart disease. She had not un
dressed or slept In bed since the
death of her husband nine years ago.
She died in' her chair.
The Lodge of Sorrow of the ben
evolent Protective Order of Elks was
celebrated Sunday afternoon by the
local lodge, No. 671, in the Grand
theatre.
The Address of the day was given
by John B. Wright, prominent Elk of
Tucson. His talk dealt with the car
dinal principles of the order, charity,
justice, brotherly love and fidelity, of
which he pronounced chafity the
most essential to world betterment.
I Along this line Mr. Wright depicted I
conditions of today as compared with i
those of yesterday and explained that
I civilization is due to charity.
"Charty, nherent in the hearts of
mankind, will eventually bring about
j the millenium when the battle flags
I of nations will be furled for ever more
and al will dwell together in brother
ly love and peace," said the speaker,
in referring to the present world con
ditions demoralized by the world war,
strikes and internal dissension.
An expressive tribute to the Elks,
which organization he described as
one of .the greatest influences, ior good
in America, closed Mr. "vviigutt, ad
dress. A musical program follow -d the ex
emplification of the memorial ritual i
of the iotipe by the oiiice rs. '-t't-ac j
Not Ye, O Israel,'"' was sung by iVns. i
J. Harrington; Mr. Unmeet aii', !
HAIR TONIC SOLD
BY BARREL TO BARS
-iEW YORK, Dec 8. Federal au
thorities have arrested a band of five
men charged with manufacturing hair
tonic, with high alcholic content,
which they have sold by the barrel to j
saloonkeepers. j
single.
I .
j A large stock of fancy box and bas
ket candies for Xmas presents at the
IMsbee Smoke House. . Adv.
boter Trail
Thousands Have Discovered
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets
Are a Harmless Substitute
PAYS FOR LESSON
IN MARRIAGE PERIL
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 8. Henry
Hokson, about to become engaged to
be married, consulted an attorney to
learn the laws relating to divorce and
matrimony. He cheerfully paid a fee
PROTECT YOURSELF
AND FAMILY
Carry a Brotherhood of Amer
ican Yeomen whole life policy,
pays old age, total disability
and accident. After invest igat
. ing you will say it is one of the
best policies written. See Mrs.
Elizabeth Groom. Yeomen State
Deputy, over Mrs. Finlayson's
Store, Johnson Ada., or phone
local correspondent, Red 3S4. t
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablet are the
result of Dr. Edwards' determination
not to treat liver and bowel complaints
with calomel. For )7 years he used
these tablets (a vegetable compound
mixed with olive oil) in his private
practice with great success
They do all the good that calomel
does but have no bad after effects. No
pains, no griping, no injury to the
gums or danger from acid foods yet
they itimulate the liver and bowels.
Take Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets
when you feel 'logy" and "heavy."
Note how they clear clouded brain and
perk up the spirits. 10c and 25c a box.
Select Your
Christmas
Gifts
In the Annex
ENTRANCE
ON
SUBWAY
STREET
REAR
OF
MAIN
BUILDINC
Christmas
TOYS
in the
ANNEX
RELIABLE ADVERTISING
BISBKE. ARIZONA
TUESDAY. DEC. 9. 1919
I
any t u ,
11KS
MFVir.ll RRFfiK
(ContjiHie'd from Page One.)
nation was given Mr. "Wilson last
Fridav bv Senator Fall when he and
Senator Hitchcock. Democrat, Nebras
ka, called nt the "White House to dis
cus'' th Fall resolution.
Mr. "Wilson's statement In his let
ter, that what, the New Mexico sena
tor had told of the Investigation
"prenared" him to find In the memor
nndum matters of "the greatest 1m
port?nc" Is Interpreted by senators
ps monrinp' that, the nrepfflprit vi not
yet bad time to study Mr. Falls re
port. Policy Unehanqed
Snnatorq noted also that the pres!
rient'q letter rave no Indication fcs to
whether chance of the administra
tion's attitude toward Mexico was
tinder consideration. -
Dtirlnr -the : rlnv the state denart
ment was ftdvjsert htr. fn American
prnhaosv at Mexico Citv that Cnrran
7as repiv to the American note re-pew'np-
th renuept for the relepp o'
Consular fnt .TenVins. was to be
handed tr the American charge d'af-
fpirs todav. The report had not been,
reeved at the state department tcy
n'"M.
MepTitlme. be Investlentlnn into the
VherafioTi nf .Tenkins on bail last week
T 'rn-rrMnuilir.. ' " '
Ofriejais read without crme R
raemertVlrn njif. lv V fTter -if4n,
pen Pt Mexico Citv that he ;had pctei
rn h's own lnt,latv nrjd resnnnehrt
itv n fnrr'hintr l.nno pesos ttail" for
Jenkins' reiepsp. . t
Will Return to ttorrter
Senator Fall announced todav-that
r eommittee" would ' continue 'its In
vest ient Jon of the; Mexican pUnnttnri.
t Tie exnects to leave for the border
hofnr the New Year, to pursue the
Inquiry there. . : '
DON'T -DESPAIR
If you are troubled with pains oi
aches; feel tired; have headache,
indigestion, insomnia;, painful pass
age of urine, you will find relief in
COLD MEDAL
BROTHER.
Ton LIKES
GOOD CIGARS
"BOX top ay.
ONL-V 13 PAYS
To FINISH
CHRISTMAS
SHOPPING-
PARIS, Dec, 8. France is in the
midst of the biggest bargain sale that
ever was. . French women by the thou
sand sare rushing to buy blankets,
bedding, clothes, boots, etc., left be
hind by the American army.
WHEH.,THE KIDDIES
SUFFER FROM COLDS
Give them pleasant-to-take;
helpful Dr. Bell's Pine-Tar-Honey
CHILDREN romp around and
play and become overheated. A
cold often results. It should not
be neglected one instant. Give them
Dr. Hell's Pine-Tar-Honey. It is very
pleasant to take and its ingredients are
sure to ease the tickling throat. It
helps in relieving irritation and phlegm
congestion. Clear the afr passages.
, Take Dr. Bell's Fioe-Tar-Honey
yourself for" that heavy cbld What it
does for thousands of others it un
doubtedly will do for you.
All druggists. 30c., 60c., $1.20.
ponoi5 Keep the Family Well
Ton't let the liver remain inactive when Po
to-Lax ao easily and promptly gets a fre
bile-flow atartrd and. remove the poisonoua
waste from young and old ystems. Po-Do-I
Jo n nmrvith. comfortable laxative. irOc
Tha world's standard ramady for kldnay.
Jivar, bladder and uric add troubles and
NaticnMl Remedy of Holland since 1396.
Three sizes, all druggists. Guaranteed.
Leek for the uim Cold Medal an err bo
mkd accept bo iaiiiatioa
FREE Oil Haps
Large sectional Maps of the
Homer and Bull Bayou fields
FREE, at our Bisbee office on
Main street, in Reynold's Music
Shop.
G. A. R. ROSS
Dunbar and Company
Business Locals
ATTENTION, YEOMAN
Class adaption tonight. All mem
bers requested to be presented.
1882-12-9
A large stock of fancy box and bas
ket candies for Xmas presents at the
Bisbee Smoke House. Adv.
Splendid assortment of slippers for
the entire family; 85 cents to $2.50 a
pair. Fair Store. Adv.
raWAYMLIFE
Men and women at forty
stand at the portal of a crucial
period. Strength must be kept
up, the body well nourished.
SCOTT'S
'
is the tonic of wonderful helpful
ness to those in middle life.
SCOTT'S nourishes and in-
vigcrctes and helps the
body keep up with the
daily wear and tear on
strength. Let Scott's
help keep you robust! .
Scott & Biwse. Bloomueld, N. J. 19-11
DON'T BE WITHOUT
SLOAN'S LINIMENT
j Keep it ha ndy It knows no equal
in roliovinrl nolnA flnH CI fll P
SLOAN'S LINIMENT has been
sold for 38 years. Today, it is
more popular than ever. There
can be but one answer it produces
results. )
Applied without rubbing, it fenttrates
to the afflicted part, bringing relief
from rheumatic twinges, sciatica, sore,
Btiff, strained muscles, lame back, and
other exterior pains and sprains and
the result of exposure. It leaves no
; mussiness, stain, clogged pores.
Get a large bottle for greater econ
omy. Keep it handy for use when
needed. Your druggist has it. Three
sizes 35c, 70o, $1.40
Is
tr-ve? Br-
1 v r n
Din it Uo o -AO
ISSHEIBESJ;
ft
mm
. BUT
IHESlkSEE
SAW MONEY
IN THE 51b. SIZE
CA $2.60 a Can
LB. 60d 1 lb. Caa
Phe!ps Dodge Mercantile Co.
B'SBft, D0U6IAS, WARRfN, IflWfll. NAfO
Super-Low Prices on Dresses
SERGE DRESSES SILK DRESSES
WE SIMPLY MUS T SELL THEM ALL
Clever new 1919 styles every one, and a quality not to be expected
at these prices. HURRY there may be only one in your size.
SERGE DRESSES SILK DRESSES SERGE DRESSES
it
Up
To
$10.75
$8.45 010.95 013.95
$19.75
Beautiful New Trimmed Hats
For Present Wear, at Special
Low Prices, 1.95 to $4.95
Formerly Sold From $2.95 to $7.95
As the season advances, new economics
constantly come to light. Right now the
opportunities to buy are unusual.
CHILDREN'S HATS
95c to $2.45
Former Prices $1.45 to $3.95
This is one of the best buying opportuni
ties of the season, and every child in
town has the chance to secure a smart
looking Hat for little money.
Li! tm' jat-"""-''',' eaagag3aKnawaMCTriaiiiiiiiiitiBHw,iMiiai MamnammawmmmmmmammKamastKBMmmamKmMemmmimmm
?
Where a slip means death,
too much attention cannot
be given to the brakes
sss.
The only brake
tor mountain motoring
SPEED
PES HOUR
I5iln
25raiic.53
37iT
40mita
SOraHeiu
N the Glacier
National 4?ark in
Montana they have
been up against the
brake lining problem.
Thirty "White" busses.
we:ghins 3 tons ere
used to carry passengers
up and down the moun
tains over grades that
average 1 5 for 5 5 miles.
The Glacier Park
Transportation Com
pany appreciated the
need of good brake lining
where a s'ngle slip might
mean death. So they
experimented with various kinds. Finally they
standardized on Thermoid BrakejLining and
wrote us that "it is the only lining to ise for
mountain motoring."
The brake lining that makes good on moun
tain roads and in every emergency will make
good for you.
Why Thermoid makes good
Thermoid Brake Lining "gives, long, certain
service for three reasons.
Win your car do this ?
id.fi-4
SB fr.'
83.3 fr. "
113 It.'
"148 ff.-
"i3l fir
1 .There 's over 40
more material and 60
more labor used in Ther
moid than in any woven
brake lining.
2. Thermoid is Grap
nalized, an exclusive pro
cess which resists mois
ture, oil and gasoline.
This chart has been worked out by leading
automobile engineers. It shows how quickly an
automobile fjoing at various speeds, should b
able to stop providing the brakes are efficient.
3. Thermoid is hy
draulic compressed
under 2,000 Ibsi of pres
sure per square inch.
. . ;Tnis- makes 'Thermoid
uniformly " hard all the
way through.
The famous Thermoid guarantee:
Every foot of Thermoid Hydraulic Com
pressed Brake Lining is backed by our guar
antee : Thermoid will mate good or H E WILL.
1 hermoid Rubber CompamJ
Factory and Main Offices s Trenton, N. J.
New York. Chicago, San Francinco. Detroit, lo Angtle.
Philadelphia. Pituburnh, Botton, Cleveland, London, Paru, Turin
Canadian Diafrihutora t
The Canadian Fairoanka-Mone Co., Limited, Montreal
Uranchca in all principal Canadian citiea
lEerraoicl Brake Lining
fivdrauic Compressed
Etaktrn of "Thermotd-Hardy Universal Joint!, and "Thermoid Crolide Compound Tirea"
RET i
.1
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1919
THE B1SBEE DAILY R E V. I E 3X
CAGE SEVEN
V
-i
.
J
i
(
1
I
i
1
J
)
I
i
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head are at the rate of t cant per word for
eacd Ireertion, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. No ada will be
elveJ liter than 7 p. m. for Insertion the next morning and no ads
will be taken over the telephone.
For Sale
FOR. SALE Brussels rug, 9x15; air
tight heater, wash bowl, pitcher,
and jar. 50A Brewery Qulch.
1776-12-9
FOR SALE A Beautiful mahogany
upright Standard piano; regular
price $600; will sell for $285; part
cash, balance easy payments. - Mrs.
Eischen. P.O. Box 36, Warren.
1S60-12-9
FOR SALE Two white Collie pups,
$10 aud $15.50. Quality, Hill.
1861-12-9
FOR SALE Plymouth hotel; cheap
i taken at once.' 1850-12-11
FOR SALE Upright piano, nearly
new; bargain; will gire time on
part. Address p.'o. Box 2654.
.oi 12 9
FOR SALE Fifteen-room house;
$300 down, balance same as tent.
162 Temby avenue. 1758-12-11
FOR SALE Four-cylinder, "-passenger
Lozier automobile; machine in
excellent condition. See C. M.
Gregovich at S. K. Williams office.
1826-ti
FOR SALE Cigar stand, lunch coun
ter and soft drink business. Apply
to S. K. Williams. 1827-tf
FOR SALE Restaurant, doing good
business. Box 3242, Lowell
1835-12-11
FOR SALE Finely equipped speed
ster; electric lights and starter.
This is a classy car. Terms. In
quire at once. Long Trail Garage,
Lowell. 1S04-12-9 '
FOR SALE One 6 h. p. engine. Mor
ris & Fairbanks: new: never been
used; a bargain. Mrs. M. T. Frush. '
180512-16
FO RSALE A Ludwig piano, in Al
condition, $125 cash. Inquire 93B,
' Young Blood Hill. 1822-12-9
I
FOR SALE Ford touring car; just I
been completely overhauled; de-
mountaDie wneeis, mssier snocK
absorbers, seat covers, .etc. Price
$400; easy terms. Ford garage.
Johnson addition. 1759-12-5-tf
FOR SALE 8-rooni house, one barn,
IV, lot with 22 fruit trees. Cochise
road. R. O. Maruisch, owner.
1678 Dec 9
FURNITURE OF HOTEL AND RES
taurant for sale with privilege of
renting hotel. Naco', Arizona, next to
Immigration office. 1679-Dec. 9
FOR SALE Small restaurant doing
good business. Answer to P. O.
Box 907. 1705-12-12
FOR SALE Large safe, combination
strong box and bottom, o tmcle
Jim's, Brewery Gulch. 1577-tf
FOR SALE National cash register, j
four sub-total. See. L. L. Gil man.
1466-tf
FOR SALE Left in pawn, diamonds,
watches, shotguns, revolvers, at sec
ond hand prices. United Loan and
Jewe.'ry Co., Brewery Gulch.
1265-tf
OR SALE Two Todd protectograpli
check writers. E. A. Tovrea & Co.
689-6tM7
DON'T SELL YOUR CAR until you
see us. We buy them running or
wrecked. Highest prices paid for
metals, rubber, sacks," hides and
wool. The Arizona Wrecking Co,
Lowell, Ariz. Phone 446. 1474-tf
FOR SALE Two white Collie, pupa.
$10 and $15.50. No. 50 Quality Hill.
1861-12-9
FOR SALE Why don't you come in
when you want a new car or ood
used car. I have some used cars iu
fine shape. You can purchase any
kind of car on very easy terms. W.
L. Smart, Lowell 'Auto Co., Chevro
let dealers. lMione 34.
1766-12-7
FOR SALE Irrigated and irrigatable
farms and relinquishments In Sul
phur Springs valley. Write C. L.
Maben, Bit-bee. 1818-12-13
FOR SALE An upright piano; third
house north of Briggs, on Shattuck
Warrcn. J. B. Croslin. 1857-12 9
FOR SALE Practically new furni
ture for 4-room house at once. L.
E. Johnson, 47 J. E. T. street. John
son addition. 1853 12 12
For Rent
FOR RENT 2-room rurnished house;
30 Johnson avenue, Johnson addi
tion. 1761-12-9
FOR RENT Two furnished apart
ments; close in: Tombstone Can
yon. Bruce Perley.' C. Q. ' Hotel
Bldg. 1842 1.'-4-tf
FOR RENT Two furninlied rooms.
H. Kourke, 1G Tate Hill. Johnson
addition. 176212-10
FOR RENT FimiivlH'd room wim
garage, one block from Wjrrcu
VObtoflicc. Phone Blue 475 or 175.
163S-U U
For Rent
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms,
162 Temby avenue. 1757-12-11
FOR RENT Two furnished apart
ments; close in; Tombstone Can
yon. Bruce Perely, care of Hotel
Bldg. - 1842-12-4 tf
FOR RENT Three-room ouse, part
ly furnished ' or without Call
Mounier Apts. 1754-12-ld
FOR RENT Two furnished light
housekeeping rooms; light, water
and gas. 163 Opera Drive. D. G.
Wynn. . 1847-12-9
FOR RENT Two-room house with
screen porch, furnished. Miss Win
wood, Winwood Addition.
1828-12-10
FOR RENT 3-room furnished apart
ments, ' clean, comfortable and
homey; desirable parties only. Rex
Arms Apartments, O.K. street, one
block from depot. 1829-12-10
FOR RENT Three-room house with
kitchenette. School HilL Phone
Blue 8-'2. 1831-12-10
FOR RENT Furnished housekeeping
rooms; no children. Anna Murphy,
218 High road. 1832-12-13
FOR RENT 4-room house, furnished,
! or 2-room apartment with sleeping
porch. Mrs. Grace Williams, Claw
son HilL 1833-12-10
FOR RENT Beautifully new furnish
ed rooms with running water; elec
tric lights, telephone, every con
venience, cool rooms for summer,
close in. La More Hotel, O. K. St,
near depot tf
FOR RENT Four-room house. In
quire Mrs. Mary Muffro. 89 Brew
ery Gulch. 1821-12-9
FOR RENT Furnished rooms, batch
ing, light housekeeping or bed
rooms. Phone 660, No. 143 Brewery
Gulch. 1823-12-9
FOR RENT Six-room house, Warren.
Edith C Byrns, Warren P. O.
1865-12-10
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 120 Upper Lowell.
1867-12-14
FOR RENT Two" furnished rooms,
modern, no hills." 37 Laundry Hill.
Metz car stop. McDougall.
' lS6b-12-9
FOR RENT Two-room house on O.K.
street. Call at 176 Naco road. Hol
brook stop. 1869-12-10
FOR RENT-j-2 housekeeping rooms.
31 Clawson ave. 1764-12-10
FOR RENT Or for sale at a bar
gain, one 3-room house and one
single room house, both nearly new.
Apply Long Trail Garage, Lowell.
1778-12-9
FOR RENT Three and six rooms,
I furnished, gas ranges, wood stoves,
long front porch. Phone 367.
1780-12-6-tf
FOR RENT G a rase. Apply D. Hay
fair, 98 Mason Hill. Phone 837.
18S0-i2-la
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms back of Metz Soda
works. i"09 Bailey Hill. Arthur
Prouse. 1782-12-11
FOR RENT Two furnished light
housekeeping rooms. Lights, water
and gas. 163 Opera Drive. 17S1-12-11
Liut
LOST, strayed or stolen, Airedale
dog; license No. 19. Phone 346;
reward. .1871-12-7
LOST In Baptist church, an um
brella with inscription. "First Aid
Prize. Given by U. S. Bureau of
Mines at Wallace Idaho." Return
to R. R. Adams, care or Masonic
club. 1766-12 8
LOST Gray fur collar in front of
Loretto School. Please return to
Y. W. C. A. 1881 12-10
LOST Part of black fountain pen.
Kinder please see motorman Bench
Swing Car. Reward. 1781-12-10
EXPERIENCED SALESMEN.
Wc manufacture and control exclu
sively a complete, line of Art and
Commercial Calendars, Monthly Ad
vertising Service, and a wide range
of attractive, quick selling Special
ties in Celluloidand Leather. Per
manent year-round employment un
der a liberal commission contract
with remittances weekly. Experi
ence in our line not essential. 1920
selling season opens January first.
The oldest and largest house in the
advertising specialty field Terri
tory available in Arizona. Please
give ago, experience and references,
first letter. THE AMERICAN ART
WORKS. Coshocton. Ohio.
1710-12-13
Stolen
STOLEN Person who took parkace
from ribbon counter or Phelps
Dodge is known. Return to stor
and avoid ditlictilties.
j No lob of prlntlnsr for- email. oon
tou laiKe. If you want it duue right
pnon 3a. Review.
Mining and Financial News
i
BY REVIEW
STOCKS AND BONDS
NEW YORK. Dec. 8. Although
many important factors Influencing
the stock market remained unsettleu
over the week end. prices were dis
posed te move forward during the
greater part of the day.
Sentiment, as reflected by market
letters, was more hopeful respecting
the Mexican situation and the coal
strike.
The increasing . seriousness of the
fre shortage was manifested, how
ever, by further reduction of complete
sup m.ion of operation at various
centers of industry.
Failure of the United States su
preme court to hand down decisions
in the much discussed stock dividend
and prohibition cases occasioned some
disappointment but did not extend be
yond a few issues.
Another slump in foreign exchange,
with sterling, francs and lires at
greatest discounts ever known, was
neutralized in part by the six per cent
rate for call loans. In the last fifteen
minute? of the session, however, call
money rose to 8 per cent, 10 per cent
being quoted at tne close.
Reaction of one to three points ac
companied the money flurry. Sales
amounlec to 1.000,000 shares.
Lihertv. Yietorv and forrisn honds
were mixed as to trend, butl ocal
utilities and several of the convertible
railroad bonds were firm to strong.
Total sales, par value, aggregated $25,-
875,000. Old United States bon,ds
were unchanged on call.
COTTON
NEW YORK, Dec. 8. Cotton closed
steady at net advances of 59 to 103
points.
MINERALS
NEW YORK. Dec. 9. Lead firm;
spot 685. Zinc firm; spot East St.
Louis delivery 8.30 8.34. Bar silver
$1.32. Copper steady; 1818.
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Closing Quotations, Dec. 8, 191.
NEW YORK STOCKS
American Can 63
American Car 139
American Beet 97
. C 1. ,.4.1
Ajuenccui onieuera 0074
American Linseed 70
American Locomotive 93 !
Allis . 44I
Baldwin 107
Bethlehem Steel 94
B. & O .. 32
Canadian Pacific .....139
Cerro . 56
Central Leather ; 96
Crucible Steel 213
C. & O .. 56
Dutch 102
General Motors .SSIM
Great Northern, Pfd. 79
Wanted
WANTED Cook, woman or man, or
helper. Inquire French kitchen.
1870-12-10
WANTED Girl for general house
work. Call Racket jewelry store.
Brewery Gulch. 1769-12-9
WANTED Chambermaid at Warner
hotel; American. 1777-12-10
WANTED Twenty men to board and
room. Block House, Jiggerville
bridge. Under new management.
1879-1-4
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Maid at once, thoroughly
experienced. Call Rex Arms Apart
ment. 1783-12-11
WANTED Chambermaid at Marx ho
tel, Lowell; married woman and
husband; must live m the house;
no children. D. O. Neill.
1859-12-12
WANTED Chambermaid at Copper
Queen Hotel. 1819-12-3-tf
Miscellaneous
FURNITURE . repairing and relinish -
' ing; guaranteed work. Box 2356,
Bisbee. ' 1763-12-13
THE FAMOUS SPENCER SURGICAL
SUPPORT A representative of the'.
famous Spencer Surgical and Ab-1
dominal supports for hernia, rup-
ture, floating kidney and ptosis for J
men or' women; also the Spencer
dress corset; all supports and cor-
sets fitted by Mrs. D. Marion Knox,
representative, Grand View Apart-1
ments, Bisbee. Telephone 778. j
1837-12-10
CLOTH ". IlflffMiT rMTi- Tii. -
" VJ . 1 . VIA X 1 J I I .
works. 1CS1-121'C
PGR SALE U-horse power. 0 eye'e,
120 volt Indu-lion motor. Iiisj-e
Daily Review. 209-S-C4-l.tr
LEE WOMBLES, t!ie small job cou -
tractor.. Brick, stone, ceuent and
carpenter work.
Box 387, Bisbee.
Phone oreen S22.
1569-12-18.
IF. E. HANCOCK. Sicns. Phono f,10.
1
Johnson addition.
1CC7-12 19
LEARN actual auto repair, vulcaniz -
ing. Los Angeles Y. M. C. A. Auto
School.
11 tf
WE BUY AUTOMOBILES wieriied or
iiinning; u.o junk r nil kinds. Bis
bee Junk and Au'o Wricking Co.
j Johnson 11. Id Tel. r,V 1091 OlDlf
MATERNITY HOME. Mason Mill.
oiMiilt jour physician ami call 573
Black for terms, etc. 171S121:
iCOSSARD corset now fold al Noriis
Millinery sKon price ','.5n ui.
corsets lilted by Iuc4 Warburton. j
LEASED WIRE
Great Northern, Ore
Goodiinch
Maxwell Motors
Marine
Marine Pfd
Mexican Petroleum
- 39
. 83
.. 38
. 52
..107
-202
. 70
- 81 Vi
.. 10
- 51
..109U
- V8
.. 77
-126
- 37
..105
- 47
..109
- 43
-294
..125
-104
.. 78
.. 54
.-..59
- 24
.. 37
.. 19
- 34
- 61
- 23
- 15
.. 35
- 20
- 13
1
.. 13
.. 63
..380
45
.. 3
- 1VA
.. 14
4
.. 54
3
- 3
1
.. 3
.. 6
58
- 15
- 12
.. 21
.. 51
25
.. 63
:. 31
.. 2'
.. 15
.. IVi
..
-
New York Central
Northern Pacific
Oklahoma Producers
Ohio Gas
Pan. -American - ,
Pierce Arrow
Reading .' ,
Rubber
St. Paul . -.
Southern Pacific
Sinclair Consolidated
Studebaker
Texas Pacific
Texas Oil
Union Pacific
U. S. Steel
U. S. Food
Westinghouse -
NEW YORK COPPERS
Anaconda
Butte :
Chino '.
Chili
Greene Cananea
Inspiration
Miami
Nevada
Old Dominion
Ray Consolidated
Utah Copper
BOSTON COPPERS
'Arc
Arizona Commercial
Calumet & Arizona .
Calumet & Hecla
Copper Range
D. West .
D. Daly
E. Butte
Frank . ....
1 Granby
I Hank ..
Helv
Kee '
Lake
May O. Col
Mohawk
North Butte ..: .....
Nip
New Corn
Osceolla
Pond Creek
Quincy .'.
Roy ;
f Shannon
Seneca ,
NEW YORK CURBS
Amal. Roy
Aritex
Big Ledge
Consolidated Copper
Cresson
Denn Arizona
Dundee Arilona
Gadsden .
Howe .
Hull Copper
Jerome Verde
Kay
Magma Copper .
Magma Chief ......7. . .
Miami Copper '. .
Porfy , ;1 ,
Ray Hercules .1.
Silver King
Verde Extension
Verde Combination
Wolverine Aridona
t OILS
Federal
M. W. Rfg ...I-
Island
Okmul .
Sapulpa ,
. 4
, 2
25
2
3
4
35
1
40
40
10
1
28
.
4
' 9
163
7
, 2
. 7
By Collins &. Bretherton
Bid
Argo .07
Big Jim : -1 .04
Ask
,Gold Ore .02
j Gold Dus:t -.. .09
Gold Cliff .
.03
.12
.06
.08
j Lucky Boy
.... .03
07
.24
..-..1.C2
..3.05
1 Sunny.side
j Telluride
Tom Reed
United Eastern
4.00
.20
Ask
2.50
.37
.75
.50
.40
2.75
.37
' Red Lion
OTHER CURBS
' Bid
Gadsden 200
Green Vonster .25
Dundee 50
Jerome Verde 37
Magma Chief 37
Wolverine Arizona .. 2.50
Verde Combination -'5
; Night Hawk ...
5.00
1.60
.25
4.S7
.45
1.00
Ask
.95
1.00
1.00
.70
t;.oo
.50
4.00
1.60
?.40
1.50
1.00
l.On
.10
ion
1.50
1.00
lKay
1.50
(North Tigre
Consolidated Cop. Mines 4.62
Nacozari Consolidated 40
Feather River Copper
( OIL STOCKS
(.,.
. ' V".V'7',7
Bid
.S5
IIIM' til iJUUUli
Comanche Home
Comanche County
,L'l Paso Ranger .
50
S.iMt
El Paso Burkburnett
Jaggers Wallace
1 King 8
0
0
Ocean
.1
lUnger Central
2.30
1.25
.75
Ranger Murk ...
Silver Cycle
Weimar
V. S. Oi1
BUlx e Texas .
Homer I'nion .
Service
'.Southwestern Dev.
I'irst Issue ... ..... . 2.00
S conl Issue 1.75
Fiit Op! ion - 05
S'H'uud Opium .50
Slock, luo option) I., 0
Legal Notices.
U. S. LAND OFFICE
Phoenix. Oct. , 1919.
Survey No. 3555.
Serial No. 042965.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR!
PATENT. j
Notice Is nereny given that in pur
suance of the United States Mining
Laws, Mrs. Ann Hughes, whose post
office, address is Bisbee. Arizona, has
made application for patent for I49b.il
linear feet of the Black Hawk No. 1
lode, 1495 linear feet of the Black
Hawk No. 2 lode, 1496 linear feet 01
the Black Hawk No. 3 lode, 149S lin
ear feet of the Black Hawk No. 4
lode, and 1500 linear feet of the Black
Hawk No. 5 lode, situated in tae
Warren Mining District, Cochise
County, State of Arizona, as described
by the official plat herewith posted,
and by the field notes on file in tne
office of the Register of the Phoenrx
Land District, State of Arizona, a
follows, via:
Black Hawk No. 1:
Beginning for a description of the
Black Hawk No. 1 lode, at corner M.
1. when the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
28-33 T. 23 S., R. 25 E.. G. & S. R. B. &
M. brs. S. O. 35' E., 1560.7 ft.;
thence N. 62 17' W. COO ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence N. 28, 55' W. 1495.8 ft.
to Cor. No. 1. the place of beginning
Beginning for a description of the
Black Howk No. 2 lode, at Cor. Iso.
1, whence the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
21-28 T.. 23 S.. R. 25 E, G. ft S. R. B.
& M., bra. No. 20 11' E. 218.6 ft.;
thence S. 62 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 28 55' W. 1495 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N.'28
55' E. 1495 fL to Cor. No. 1, the' place
of beginning.
Beginning for a description of the
Black Hawk No. 3 lode, at Cor. No.
1, whence the Cor. between Sees.
21-28 T.. 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B
& M., brs. N. 43 16' W. 665 ft.;
thence S. 62 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 23 55' W. 1495 ft
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 28' 55'
E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1. the place or
beginning.
Beginning for a description of tae
Black Hawk No. 4 lodge, at Cor. No.
1, whence the Cor. between Sees
21-28 T., 23 S., R. 25 E G. & S. R. B.
& M., brs. N. 52 17' W. 1247.6 ft.;
thence S. 62 17' E. 600 ft' to Cor.
No. 2; thence N. 2S 55' W. 1495.8 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62 17' Vf.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 25
65' E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1. the plac.
of beginning.
Beginning for a description of the
Black Hawk No. 5 lode, at Cor. No. 1,
whence the 1-4 Cor. between Seca.
21-28, T. 23 S., R- 25 E.,TG. & S. R. B.
& M., brs.N. 20 11' E. '218;6 Tt.;
thence N. 28 55' E. 600 ft to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 62 17' E. 1500 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence S. 28 55' 600 ft.
to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 62" 17' W
1500 fL to Or. No. 1, the place of bo-
ginning.
containing 103.019 acres, and forming
a portion of sections 21 and 28, in
township 23 South, rsnge 25 East, of
Gila and Salt River Base and Men
dian in Arizona.
The location notices of these mines
are recorded in the office of tne
County Recorder of Cochise County.
Arizona, in Book 52. page 163. Book
59, page 457. Book 52. page 165, Eook
59, page 458. and Book 53. page 420.
respectively, of Record of Mines.
Adjoining claimants are on tae
South and West Old ' Beck. Happy
Find and Charlotte, all unsurveyed.
and owned by J. Mubeim.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely any portion of said mines Or
surface ground, are required to me
their adverse claims with the Regis
ter of the United States Land Office
at Phoenix, in the State of Arizona,
during the sixty days period of publi
cation hereof, or they will be barred
by virtue of the provisions of the
statute.
I. L. IRVIN,
Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3551.
Serial No. 043122.
UNITED STATES LAND OFFICE,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, Oct. 9, 1919.
Notice is hereby given: That Alma
Clason. whose postofflce address fs
Bisbee. Arizona, has made appllca
tion for patent foi the following
named lode mining claims, situate rn
the Warren Mining District, Cochise
County, Arizona. In Sections 7, 8, 17
and 18, unapproved T. 23 S.. R. 24 E
G. & S R B M described as fol
lows, to-wit:"
"CALVERT" Beginning t Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence TJ.
S. M. M. No. 1725. Warren Mintng
District, beais N. 20 10' W. 9070
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 652.60 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 37' 53'
W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No! 3; thence
N. 75 17' W. 652.G0 feet to Corner
No. 4: thence N. 37 53' E. 150(r.O
fteet. to Corner No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing a net area .r
17.7!5 acres. expre3ly excluding area
in conflict with Survey No. 2133.
Morning Star lodu. of 1.150 acres, and
.itli Bisbee Townsiio Survey of l.TtG
acres,
"LAURA" ISexluuUig at Corner
No. 1. the N. W. Coiner; whence U,
S. M. M. No. 1725. Wanen Minrns
DHlrict. hears N. 3 49' W. 9:U.h
feet: thence S. 75 17' K. 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. : thenre S. 24 25 TV.
r.oti.10 teet lo Corner No. 3: thence
N. 75 17 W. 1.S0O.O feet to Corner
No. t; lUeiice N. 5f 25' li tiQti.10
feet to Corner No. 1, theplace of be
ginning, containing a net area of
18.153 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Survey No. 1834.
Cockney Hill lode, of 2.420 acres.
-MORNING STAR NO. 3" Begin
ning at Corner No. 1, the N. W. Cor
ner; whence U. S. M. M. No. 1725,
Warren Mining District, bears N. 12
05' W. 9885.2 feet; thence S. 75 17'
E. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 24 2V W. 606.10 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 75 17' W. 1500.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 24
25' E. 606.10 feet to Corner No. 1. the
place of beginning, containing a net
area cf 19.882 acres cnrHti. by.
eluding area in conflict with Survey f
acres, and with Survey No. 3166,
Moonlight, lode, of 0.062 acres.
"ALDLNGA" Beginning at Cornei
No. 1. the N. W. Corner; whence U.
S. M. M. No. 1725. Warren Mlningf
District, bears N. 2 09 W. 9843.8
feet; thence S. 75s 17' E. 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 23 II' "W.
600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence N.
75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No.
4; thence N. 23 11' K. 600.0 feet to
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 20.438 acres.
"ALMETTE- Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence TJ.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Mlnmg
District, bears N. 10". 0' W. 1037S.8
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1600.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence. S. 23 11' tv.
600.0 fet to Corner No. 3; thence N.
75 17; W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No
4; thence N. 23 11' E. 600.0 feet to
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning
containing a net area of 17.C14 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 3162, Silica lod e'
0. 676 acres, and Surrey No. 3166,
Moonlight lode of 2.146 acres.
. "ANITA" Beginning at Corner No.
1, the S. E. Corner; whence the N. I.
Corner of Section 30, T. 23 S., R. 24
E., G. & S. R. B. St. M. bears S. 6 48'
30 W. 103095 feet: thence N. 75
17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2;
thence N. 26 40 E. 613.& feet to Cor
ner No. 3; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence S. 29
40' W. 613.0 feet to Comer Nc. 1,
the place of beginning, containing
net area of 20.226 acres, express?
excluding area In conflict with Sur
voy No, 31(2, Calcutta lode of 0.428
ores.
"WILLUNGi." Beginning at Cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. Corner; whence
the N. E. Corner of Section- 30, T. 23
S., R. 24 E-. G. & S. R. B. & M. bear a
S. 4 34' W. 9764.6 feet; thence N.
75 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No.
2; thence N. 31 65' E. 628.0 feet to
Corner No. 3; thence S. 75 17 E.
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 4; thence S.
31 55' W. 628.0 feet to Comer No.
1. the place of beginning, containing
a net area of 18.975 acre3, expressfy
excluding area la conflict with Sur
vey No. 1881, North Star No. 2 lode
of 1.683 acres.
"ADELAIDE Deginntng at Corner
Xo. 1, the S. E. Corner; whence the
N. E. Corner of Section 30, T. 23 S..
R. 24 E. G. & 8. R. B. & M. bears b.
3 02' W. 8770.2 feet; thence N. 75'
17' W. 300.0 feet to Corner No. 2;
tlience N. 0 06' W. 978.20 feet o
Corner No. 3; thence N. 17' 44' E.
77.30 feet to Corner No. 4; thence b.
75 17' E. 609.0 feet to Corner No. 6;
thence S. 17 44' W. 1024.30 feet to
Corner No. 1, the place of beginnina.
containing a net area of 7.653 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. S162, Worchesie.
lode of 0.120 acres, Survey No. 3102
Kite lode of 1.725 acres, and with
Survey No. 3162. Buck lode, of 1.335
acres.
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the office "of the
Tounty Recorder, Cochise County
Arizona, as follows:
Almette, recorded In Book 69, Rec
ord of Mines, page 409.
Aldinga, recorded in Book 69, Rec
ord of Mines, page 408.
Willunga, recorded in Book 69, Rec
ord of Mines, page 412.
j Laura, recorded In Book G9. Record
t Mines, page 411.
Morning mar No. 3, recorded tn
Book 59, Record of Mines, page 413.
Adelaide, recorded in Book 32, Rec
ord or Mines page 313.
Aul'j, recorded in Book 59, Record
of Mines, page 407.
Calvert, recorded In Book 59, Rec
ord of Mines. Dace 410.
TM unties of the adjoining claims
to this survey are: On the North,
Survey No, 1834. Cockney Hill lode,
and Survey No. 2133. Morning Star
lode; on the East, Bisbee townslte,
Survey No. 2G74. Morning Star No. 2
lode, Survey No. 2132, Morning Star
lode, Survey No. 1670. Contention
lode. Survey No. 3166. Moonlight loae,
and Survey Nc. 3162, Buck, Kite,
Worchester.Calcutta and Silica lodes;
on the South! Survey. No. 3162, Silica
lode, and Survey No. 1881, North Star
Copper Queen Hotel and mgh-aass cafe
The hest of everything at reasonable a !a carte prices.
A Special 75c luncheon daily. Also $'1.25 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular lioard by the month $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGF.R
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondent: Paine. Weber A Co.. Botton. Coiuth. Caiumrt,
LOGAN &. BRYAN. NEW YOHK CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER 5TOCK
No. 2 lode; on the West, Survey No.
1881 North Star No. 3, North Star Ho.
1 and North Star No. 2 lodes, and
Survey No. 1834, Cockney Hill and
Shoemakers' Last Chance lodes.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
D. C BROWN. M. D.
Eye, Ear, Nose, Throat and the
fitting of glasses. Office phone
380. House phone. Green, 78C
CAFE MARNE
CHLENT20S BROS.
12 Main Street BISBEE
EXCELLENT CUISINE
ITALIAN-FRENCH
, RESTAURANT
Regular Meals 50c
Specials from 6 to 8 75c
Brewery Gulch
WM.CALEY !
TRANSFER & STORAGE j
PHONE 50
Residence Phone 804
Lowell Wood & Coal Co.
Phone 630
COAL WOOD HAY
GRAIN
Now Is the Time to
Order Your Fuel
Your health, comfort and appearance
depends upon your teeth.
They should be attended to now. OR.
J. F. TEUFERT, Maze Bldg. Modern,
Painless Methods.
Border Stage Line
BISBEE NOGALES
Leaves Bisbee 1 P.M.
Leaves Nogales 1 P. M.
Via Tombstone, Ft fluachuca
and Patagonia.
Collins & Bretherton
Insurance, All Kinds.
Real Estate, All Kinds.
Homes furnished or Unfurnished
For Sale and RenL
Employer's Liability
L. T. FRAZIER, Mgr.
Phone 26 Box 2210
OR. PLAY FAIR
Osteopat.!
98 Mason Hill Mason Hill Car 8t
DR. R. GLAZE
Specialist, Eye Nerve Glasses
ARTIFICIAL. EYES
Opposite Baptist Church, Main Street
Phone 156 Bisbee, Ariz.
Painting and Paper Hanging
All My Work Is Guaranteed
Satisfactory.
Let Me Give an Estimate On
Your Work. Phone 728
J. JANCICH, P. O. Box 833
Phone 667 Res. Red. 867
JOHN P. STEFFES
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
Reinforced Concrete and Brick
Construction
Roofing, Jo6bing CEMENT WORK
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 121
Fire Insurance
Auto Insurance
Real Estate
Legal Blanks
Office below
Copper Queen Hotel
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 121 PAGE EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1919
i
WAITERS SEEK
RESTHITMEN
Writes, waitresses, rooks and
rooks' helr..-s of the Manhattan res
taurant went to the police station In
a body todiy to collect their wagesr
Some of them were short two weeks'
pay. othe"s one week, and one patient
helper hadn't been prid for three
re ks.
Jrmes Vasas, Peter Vasas, George
Vasas and Ernest Alexander, proprie
tors of the place .have not been seen
since Sunday night.
The employes kept the place run
r.insr until yesterday afternoon, but
C. II. Hogan of the Bisbee Fuel com
pany filed suit for payment of $68,
which he claims the restaurant men
owe him for goods delivered. At
tachment papers were prepared and
when investigation followed it was
found there Is nothing but a little
more than $25 worth of grocery stock
to attach. Furniture and equipment
of teh place belong to the building
owner. . , .
With this announcement there was
a wild scramble to the police station.
An incident of the scramble wast
the arrest of Philip Dowson. Brewery
Gulch tailor. He heard of the col-j
lapse at the Manhattan. One or the
v a iters owed him money for the
cleaning ' and pressing of a suit of
r'nthes. A Dersonal expedition of
his found him in the room of J. T.
Balatsios, Lamore hotel, where Balat-
sios alleged Dowson rifled his suit
cre and took money and a revolver.
Dowse n explained he wanted nothing
but the money a waiter had owed
him end denied hamg looted tne
room. Warrant for the tailor's ar
rest was swoin to and police are in
vestigating the charges.
It is said Mr. Hogan's loss and
that of the employes is nothing com-
ppred to the credit extended the Man
hattan people by the E. A. Tovrea
company end the Guhner Grocery
comprny. which is estimated at more
thr.n $S00 for each firm.
Tips of the Town
DENVER VISITOR
Charles Herrick is a business vis
itor to Bisbee from Denver.
GIRLS' COMMITTEE MEETS.
The work of the girls' division,
W. C. A., met yesterday.
DEPUTY RETURNS.
Deputy Sheriff Brown
yesterday from Tombstone.
MAKES BUSINESS VISIT.
G. W.-Hart is in Bisbee, a business
visitor from Douglas.
HOLD CHILD'S FUNERAL.
Y. Funeral of Carl Pill. Jr.. 3. held
j from the home of parents, Mr. and
j Mrs. Charles Pilj, in South Bisbee.
i The boy died Saturday evening as ;
Returned ! result of injuries received some time
i ago. Rev. Lutzske, of the Lutheran
! church of Douglas, conduc ted the ser
I vices.
JOINS TEACHER STAFF
Miss Gladys Humeston, of West
Branch, Michigan, is a new member
of the local commercial teaching
staff.
GOES TO PHOENIX.
Mrs. M. A. York left last night for get Jetus Rodriguez,
a vibit to Phoenix.
MAKE BRIDGE SAFE.
The bridge at Castle Rock Is report
ed repaired and in good condition.
ARREST MEXICANS.
Immigration Officer Lockwood
came here yesterday from Naco to
Cananea, and
Mariano A. Bindanio. Sinaloa, Mex.,
who were arrested in Bisbee Sunday j
on the charge or, entering me Lnuea
States without obtaining passports.
CALLED BY SICKNESS
II. E. Ross,, local teac her connected
with the Y. M. C. A., left Bisbee yes
terday on a hurry call from his father
in Griggsville, Illinois, who is serious
ly ill.
MAKES BUSINESS TRIP
T. H. Docker is a business visitor
from El Paso.
MOTHERS TO ENTERTAIN.
The Mothers' club cf the boys' di
vision, Y. M. C. A., are entertaining
tonight In the wcfman'es club house
on Quality Hill. On the program for
the evening are dancing, cards,
"Y" GIRLS MEET. !
The business girls of the Y. W. C
met last night in the association
building to plan their annual Christ
mas pari. lhe eveI1ing are dancing, cards, a
I boxing exhibition and refreshments.
SICK AT COAST. rj-he DOxing bout will bo staged by
Miss Edna Pharoah is reported se- Tony Carretto and Martin Oddon
riously ill In a hospital in California. fctlt
Miss Pharoah left Bisbee some time "
ago to go to the coast for her health.
Cupid Busy With
Winter Bride Crop
The following marriage licenses
were issued out of the office of Clert
J. E. James, of the superior court,
during the past week:
Alphv L. Roam, age 2D. to wed Mae
Ellis McFaddin, 29. both of Fisbee;
Angel R. Ochoa. 21, to wed Angelita
Montano. 18,' both of Douglas: Juan
C. Hernandez, 21. to wed Maria Pro-
dean. 20, both of Douglas; M. L. Ru
dolph, 22, to wed Grace Norma Fin
layson, 17. both of Bisbee,. consent
given; Wm. F. Monahan. 26, to wed
Effie Morrison Ralney. 19, both or
Lowell; M. M. Gurule. 21. of LdNvell.
to wed Dolores Martinez, 16, Naco,
Ariz., consent given; Juan Reyes. 40,
Forest Station, to wed Concepcion
Morones 18, Bisbee; B. H. Lemmons,
27 to Gertrude Lund, 20, both of Bis
bee E. J. Lernin, 21, to wed Bertie
Netherland, 18, both of Lowell; Car
los Moreno, 26. to wed Dolores Cal
villo. both of Douglas; Araeho Sal
damando. 24, to wed Conception Fier
ro 19. both-of Douglas; Doyal J. Hall,
2l' to we'd' Mary Curran 25, both of
Douglas; Lira Cruz, 35. to wed Eliva
Mordugno,' 26. both of Bisbee; Sebas
tian Gonzales, 39. to wed Maria Nava
g '40, both of Bisbee; Hermino Col
orado, 21. to wed Jesus Saucedo. 18.
both of Deuglas; Stewart Hunt. 47 to
wed Gertrude Freenman, 33, both or
Douglas: Ansuro Portugal, 21, to wed
Maria Salazar. 19. both of Bisbee;
Geo A Clark, 35, to wed Josephine
Hernandez, 34, both of Douglas. . .
JOHNSON TO, FIGHT.
CHICAGO. Dec. 8.---President Ban
Johnscn' of the American league, ac
companied by five "loyal" club own
ers departed tonight for New York
to accept the challenge of .the three
"rebel" directors and attend the
meeting called for Wednesday to set
tle the contest for the presidency or
the league.
GRAND THEATRE
T U E S D AY, DECEMBER 9
THOMAS O'DAY Presents
The Nationally Known Roly
Poly Adorable
MOTOR TO DOUGLAS.
Miss Margaret Akard, P. L. Wood
man, Jr., Miss Venita Lewis, Miss
Josephine Clouthier and Dr. Robert
Hall enjoyed a motor trip to Douglas
S indny. t
PLAN .CARD PARTY.
The Catholic ladies tomorrow night
are giving a card party and dance at
the K. C. hall.
CARD CLUB MEETS.
LEGION PLANS DANCE.
The American Legion has . an
nounced plans to hold a Christmas
eve dance in the Maze hall.
The Neighborhood Card club was
entertained Sunday evening at the
home of Mrs. E. A. Graves of Upper
Tombstone canyon. '
JOIN SALES FORCE.
Miss Flora Beba of Kansas
GOES;TO CONFERENCE
County Assessor E. A. Hughes left
Sunday for Yuma, Where he will at
tend the annual conference of as-
I sessors and the Arizona tax commla
I sion, which convened yesterday. Mr.
ltY vtiijrhPH is resident of the Arizona
Mo., and Miss Bess Baruhill -of Ja- j Asse9ti0ra' association. Important
sonville, Ind., are here as new em-jmatterg regarding taxation problems
ployes of the Fair store. in Arizona will come before the ccn:
" fertnee.
RAMSEY MAN HERE. ,
H. E. Fletcher was a yisitor here ' TEACHER ARRIVES
yesterdry from Ramsey canyon. Miss Ruth M. Byrkit " has arrived
from Eureka, Nev&da, to accept a
FINES SPEEDER. position with the local ecnools as
C. G. Thomts was fined $15 jester- teacher in the night commercial
day afternoon by Judge Hogan, for claBses.
speeding and reckless driving Sun
day. The complaint against Thomas
was sworn to by Dr. Bledsoe, who
also appeared as a witness.
NEW YORK MAN HERE
L. Seeley of New York Is a vLrfibr
in Bisbee.
COMES FROM COAST
L. E. Mark of Los Angeles is here
CHIDO PAYS FINE.
J. P. Chido. who was arrested on
the charge of disturbing the peace ( on business.
Sundnv. naid a S15 fine vesterdav in'
.Tnlr Hnean's court. i EL PASO MAN HERE
HOLD TEA PARTY.
The Y. W. C. A. weekly tea party
was held Sunday.
R. J. Crissey is here from El Paso
on business.
JOBS FOR VETERANS.
For ex-service men out of employ-,
ment there is a call at the Red Cross",
office. Two positions are open, one
for aji ex-service man "who has expe
rience as a hardware salesman; the
CALIFORNIAN ARRIVES
R. R. Barnes is a guest at the Cop
per Queen hotel. He arrived hero
yesterday from Los Angeles.
other as driver for
wagon out of town.
ice and coal
CHURCH CLASS TO MEET.
There will be a meeting
adult class of the Christian
tonight at 7:30.
of the
church
RETURNS FROM COAST.
B. T. Watkins is back
from a trip to California.
Bisbee i
VISIT DON LUIS. -
Mr. and Mrs. C- A. Bailey visited
friends in Don Luis SunAay.
PAYS FINE.
Erasmo Felis, arrested
morning on a charge of
the peace was fined $25
Hogan.
yesterday
disturbing
by Judge
PIANOS
We have a few very slightly
used Pianos which we will sell
on easy terms and greatly re
duced prices.
Regular Re
Price Now duced
One Hampton Player,
oak ; - $800 $635
One Story & Clark
Piano $650 $335
One Hampton Piano....$525 $325
One Story & Clark
Piano .'. l.$600 $285
One Story & Clark
Piano .: ..........$625 $315
Terms as low as $10 per month.
THE 2ELLNER rIANO CO
Address or. Phone
R. ZELLNER, Cop. Queen Hotel
VISITS IN BISBEE.
From Douglas, visiting friends in
this city are Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Sudt.
PRESCOTT.VISITOR HERE
J. L. Cooper of Prescott is In
bee on business. ,
Bis-
TOMBSTONE OFFICER HERE
Deputy Sheriff George Henshaw
was a visitor here yesterday from
Tombstone.
"Y" BOARD TO MEET
This afternoon the board cf direc
tors or the Y. W. C. A. will meet to
take regular business.
Pneumonia
r Call a physician. Immedi
ately begin "emergency
treatment with
VlCffS VAPOR
YOUR BODYGUARD" - 30f. 60".
UBSL
,J.2C
The Sensation of
The- Hour
Own a Dort! You will like it
0
HERE FROM DOUGLAS
G. W. Hart, or Douglas, is in the
city on business.
TEXAS MAN HERE.
Cooper Ha 1 niter or El Paso is
guest at thrv Copper Queen hotel.
COMES FROM COAST 1
J. Lewi is".' here on business Lorn'
Los Angeles.
EL PASOAN ARRIVES
W. P. Dudley, El Paso,
visitor in Bifcbee.
is a business
CANANEA MAN HERE
M. W. Mitchell, superintendent of
the Cananea Consolidated Copper
company, was a visitor in Bisbee Sun
day. m -
GOES TO COAST
C. F. Austin is on his way to Los
Angeles having lert on the Golden
State limited last' night.
GOES TO COAST
L. J. Overlook lert last
Los Angeles.
night for
RETURNS TO CITY
Mrs. D. M. Knox is back in Bisbee
from a trip to El Paso.
LOS ANGELES MAN HERE
. G. B. Marquis is a visitor here from
Los Angeles. .
LY
THEATRE
1 to 11 TODAY 1 to -11.
WITH
Edith Robets
IN -'
"BEANS"
If you like 7a photoplay
with a vein of delightful'
humor,, a touch' of intense
dramatic action and con
stant fast action, see the
"BEANS"
OUR NEW SERIAL
'Elmo the Mighty'
Episode No. 1
"RED GLOVE"
Episode Final
J. C. Krighbaum, city superintend
ent of streets, Js building a new resi
dence ' in Tombstone canyon near
Jack's lumber yard.
I1
Patfie News No.94
if'-
r X. " ' K. J -nKM V'hti
Quality Goes Clear Tlirough
GRAND THEATRE, Wed. Dec. loth
PRICES -
75c, $1, $1.50 and $2, Plus War Tax
Seat Sale at the Grand
The Play That Has Rocked the Country With Laughter
A. S. Stern & Selwyn Co.'s Presentation
Candy For Everybody
We are now ready to announce to the public that we
can supply it with the best BOX CANDIES
We have just received one of the largest shipments of
BOX CANDIES
that has 'ever been received in the district in one single
shipment. Complete line of the following
Popular Candies:
WHITMAN'S C. C. BROWN
C R O M B I E
. CORCORAN'S WATKIN'S
A large and complete stock of excellent brands of
Cigars in Xmas packages of twenty:five bj more.
Cigarettes in Xmas packages to any number
Our line of Pipes, Cigar and Cigjarette. Holders cannot
be excelled. - We invite your inspection. Try a box of
THE POPULAR CANDY
Bisbee Smoke House
J. C. WHITE, Prop.
Main St. P. O. Box 127 Phone 191
From the infancy of the invention of the
Automobile it has been the desire of the man
ufacturer to give'the public power, substanti
ality,, and economy, and the Dort is the first
of its kind on the market.
OWN A DORT. Do not accept a substitute,
for you will eventually own a Dort. So why
not now? See and inspect these cars at the.
Bisbee Auto Co., Main St.
A. E". Rogers, Rep., Dort Motor Cars
Terms, One-third Cash, Balance, 10 Months
REVIEW WANT ADS BRINGS RESULTS.
GAMOT
Our line
Box Candies.
of Candies cannot be excelled. Large stock of Xmas
JOHNSON'S
CHOCOLATE SHOP
The Ben Hur of Comedy It Will Last for Years
Laughs Every Minute, Growing Into Screams
It's
Fun Tickles
Wit Flashes
Novelty Catches
The Real Thing
GreatSi- Fun
New Laughs
Wittiest
Brightest
Cleverest
The Latest
With a Carload of Tantalizing
Scenery
Served in Three Courses With
a Dash of Pep and a Touch
of Tobasco
A BOMBSHELL OF MERRIMENT 1 1
Book by ELMER HARRIS, Co-Author
Lyrics and Music by JEAN HAVEZ
JAZZIEST OF JAZZ ORCHESTRAS
PRICES, $1.00 TO $2.00
Seats On Sale Saturday At
LYRIC THEATER
The Same Great Cast and Production That Plays the
Prominent Cities en Route to Los Angeles
A FEW REASONS WHY
You Must See the Fun Play That Has Taken This
Country by Storm
Because
Ilt is the funniest play ever
written.
Because
2 Every one who has seen it
was fascinated by it you
1 are no different from the
others.
Because
3 It has become drawinproora '
conversation . club discus
sion, and you surely want to
know what it is all about
and have your eay.
Because
4 It makes
you forRet where
you are what you are
guarantees you true happi
ness, joy and pleasure, not
problems.
Because
T It is a comedy classic, a
hundred critics in a hundred
cities and your own expert
newspaper editors have un
animously decreed It is the
best farce in years.
Because
flt makes you young again
" and man's dearest wish
his yearn for his youth.
is
Central
THEATRE
TONIGHT 6 TO 11
The Two Peerless Stars
of the Gcreen
ANITA STEWART
and
EARLE WILUAMS
-in-
"From
Headquarters
A 1920 Super Vitagraph
Gaiimont Express News
I
O. Henry's Famous Story
"BURIED
TREASURE"
LYONS and MORAN
in
"ALIMONY"
TOMORROW
Albert Capellani's Won
derful Production
"THE VIRTUOUS
MODEL"
EAGLE
THEATRE
TODAY 1 TO 1 1
Dolores Cassinelli
and
NUNNALLY'S
PERFUMES
A
Boxes.
dainty line of
See them.)
Perfumes, Toilet Soaps and articles in Xmas
in
r-T-- C Jk J J
t r
'1 I' -
mi
The World-Famous
CAPELLANI
PRODUCTION
FOX WORLD NEWS
International Comedy
"SHOULD A
WOMAN TELL"
TOMORROW
ANITA STEWART
and
EARLE ,WII JLIAMS
in
"FROM
HEADQUARTERS"
A Large Stock of Xmas Cards
Come in and get yours.
Our Drug and Prescription department is th3 largest in this
city, and is under the supervision of competent registered druggists.
Central Pharmacy
Phone 450 Opp. Grand Theater Brewery Gulch
REVIEW WANT ADS BRINGS RESULTS.
K 3
Open Until
L. L. Gilman
Bisbee
Jeweler
Lowell
Douglas