WEATHER
Friday and Saturday
partly cloudy; no tem
perature change.
LITTLE ADS
On our classified page
are winners. Try one
and watch results.
s-- a K" '
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
mm mm
1 e'W - I V
VOL. 21, NO. 226.
HOG ISIIO
SHIPYARD
DEFENDED
Matt C. Brush, President
of
Operating Company, De
clares Every Single Penny
Spent Still Good in Peace
Quotes Emergency Fleet Cor
pcraticn Vice - President,
Who Said that Philadelphia
Could Afford Buying Yard
(By Review Leased Wire)
- WASHINGTON. Jan. 30. The Hog
island shipyard, which will cost t.
000,000 when completed, was defended
today before the senate commerce
committee by Matt C. Brush, presi
dent of the company cperaring the
plant, as the "only war venture where
every single penny spent is stiD
good."
"Aside from the shipbuilding facil
ities." Mr. Brush said, "the construc
tion of Hog island is justified as a
terminal. Jt is worth more now than
the Unitedtates government has in
rested in it because it is as good a
deep water terminal as there is in
this country. I am willing to stake
my reputation as an executive that
the yard can be made a success."
City Could Buy Project.
Mr. Brush quoted Howard Coonley.
vice-president of the Emergency Fleet
corporation, as saying that Philadel
phia could afford to spend 5100,000,000
to acquire Hog island and continue lis
development as the city's great water
terminal. t
Mr. Brush said Hog island was one
of the biggest advertisements the
Cnited States has ever had, a great
psychological influence m the world
of commerce, and reminded the com
mittee that the government could take
over the yard whenever it desired.
He said the American International
corporation, the holding company
which controls the property, had con
firmed the government's option which
was made before congress gave the
Emergency Fleet corporation power to
acouire land.
Credit for the launching of 14 ships,
five of which are in commission, was
giver, by Mr. Brush entire'y to the
former management of the yard and
the men working there. He left the
presidency of an elevated railroad in
Be st on last October, went to work as
a shipbuilder at Hog island in No
vember and the following month was
elected president of the American
International Shipbuilding corpora
tion, which is constructing the yard
and the ships. His salary is ?40,000
a year.
Speaks of Handicaps. "
Frankly admitting that it would be
impossible to carry out the shipbuild
ing program in 22 months. "as orig
inally planned, Mr. Brush said no
power on earth could have done- so
because of handicaps of weather and
Influenza. He refused to hazard a
guess as to when the first part of the
contract with the government would
be completed.
The witness said the Hog island
yard was the first concern to under
take the employment of wounded sol
diers, a number of whom have been :
given positions in which they are
making good.
Walter C.Pierce, chief engineer of
the Quistcor-ck, first of the Hog
lanH chfrta tnrr tho titan A fr stumw
reports that the Quistconck had been
nurnea into tne water in such con
dition that she had to te drydotked
and re-riveted. He said the
bnl
never leaked a drop.
With the close of the session, the
committee concluded the investigation
which has been in progress for a year.
Y-U j , ,. . .
There is no indication as to when a
I T
report or recommendation will be socialist and labor conference has
made on th basis of the evidence ob- been definitely called to meet here
talned- February 3.
PROMOTION RULES RELAXED
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 30. Sec
retary' Baker has issued instruc
tions modifying to a limited ex
tent the blanket- prohibition
against promotion of officers pro
mulgated by the war department
immediately after the armistice
was sijrned and which ha3 been
sharply criticized In congress.
L'nder the new policy, contained
ia a memorandum dated January
5. addressed to General March,
chief of staff, and made public
today. General Pershing Ls author
ized to make such promotions as
vacancies in the authorized
strength of his command may per
STRIKE MEDIATOR SAYSmWX WfllU
kDAliJrLJL iUlli UllV 1 ill jLIIO i I
BASED ON IMA GIN A TION
(By Review Leased Wire)
strike, declared today that he did not
believe an honest expression has been
obtained from the workers themselves
on the strike or that an honest vote
was being taken on the general strike
question.
Although he is the duly accredited
mediator of the department of labor.
Mr. White said he could not mediate
in the present strike for the reason
there is nothing to mediate.
"Mr. Piez has told the shipbuilding
companies they dare not exceed the
Macy award with their rate of wages,"
he said. "I think the inference is
plain that if the shipbuilders exceed
the Macy award, cancellations of ship
contracts will naturally follow.
"The employers cannot do anything
unless the Emergency Fleet corpora
tion recedes from its position.
"The metal trades council should
rescind its strike order."
STRIKERS DETERMINED.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 20.
We
will not be drawn into any contro-
versy with the shipping board. Wei
ii-tr a. puua tuae aiiu ui preseui 11
to any duly qualified mediator,"
James Bradford, secretary of the Pa-1
cilic Coast Maritime District council.!
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 30. United jcitic coast shipyards, said here today. Ill B SlOIIFg
States Immigration Commissioner H. when told that Charles riez, general I 11 Jl j V 11"
M. White, who is acting as federal manager of the Emergency Fleet! I J U ij ) Fj W (!
mediator in the Seattle shipyard corporation, said it was unwise for MS 1 1 il.lLJ It L
WAR EXPHiSES AREiVfLLCOX 111 ARMS
HOLDING TOP IRillOYER FLAG SALUIE
Bv SfPfK Leased Wir
WASHINGTON. Jan. 30 Although
nearly three months have passed since
the signing of the armistice, the Amer
ican government's war expenses show
":r,":rr:
ctrpt in luaxis tu allies. i
In January the treasury paid out i
about $l,600,00d.000 for ordinary war
expenses, exclusive of allied loans, or
only ?70.000,000 less than in December.
?55,0o0.000 less than in November and
considerably more than in any month
theretofore.
Officials explained that this was not
to be taken as indication that produc
tion of war materials is continuing at
the tremendous rate of several months
ago. Manufacturers now are present
ing their bills and receiving payments
for materials delivered long ago, how
ever, and this keeps up expenses. The
liquidation of war contracts to be giv
en added impetus after passage of
pending legislation, providing for vali
dation of informal orders, is expect
ed to be a new source of high outlays
for the next month or two.
Payments to the allies fell to about
J1&0.000.000 in January. When these
loans were first instituted, the gov
ernment contemplated turning over
about $500,u00.t;o0 credits to the al
lies every month, but actual payments
ordinarily run around 380,000,000
monthly.
The treasury cited figures on the
present government outlay, to empha
size the necessity for another big war
loan of five or six billion dollars in
April. Current expenses now are paid
iargely out of borrowings from banks
and other purchasers of the govern
ment's short term certificates of in
debtedness. The government's aggregate ex
penses in the 22 months of war have
been 526.356,000,000, it was calculated
today. This includes $7,875,000,000
loaned to allies. Latest unofficial re
ports place at $40,640,000,000 the cost
of more than four years of war to
Great Britain, including 15,535.000,000
loaned to her allies. From the same
British source also comes the estimate
that the war has cost Germany $33,
750,000,000 of which $2,250,000,000 was
loaned to allies.
RAISE. JUDGES SALARY
(Bv RovIp-w Leased Wire
WASHINGTON. Jan. 30. Legisla
tion to increase the salaries of federal
to l.oOO a year and circuit
and sent to the White House today
witn th adoption of a conference re-
LABOR CONFERENCE CALLED
m.. T , .
'H Review Leased W ire)
BERNE. Jen. 30 The inteaMnnAi
mit and the same practice will
be followed with respect to the
army in the United States.
"This relaxation of the rule
with regard to promotions, the
memorandum said, "does not In
vite a departure from the prin
ciple hitherto established that
promotion cannot be made merely
as a reward for past services,
however meritorious. The rule is
relaxed only to permit the army
which remains undemobilized to
be treated as a living organiza
tion with such promotions as
would be normal in times of peace
to fill vacancies existing or as
they may arise."
THE BISBEE DAILY
( representing the woodworkers in Pa-
the workers to declare a contemplated j
strike at this time. I
-We are prepared to hold out as '
jlong as the shipping board does,"
Bradford said. . j
Representatives of the California j
.uetai iraaes association, tne organi
zation of employers, said the ship
yprd executives were "standing pat"
and would make no further efforts to
prevent a strike.
They admitted that a strike of the
unions in the maritime council would
j completely tie up the shipyards in a
; few davs.
(Ry Review Leased Wire)
METAL TRADES HOLD OUT.
SEATTLE, "Wash., Jan. 30. -The
metal trades council will lose no
sleep over Mr. Ptez declaration of
the government's intention to 'let the
joo stand as tar as tne 6hipyarc:
strikes are concerned." Bert Swaia, j
secretary of the Seattle Metal Trades
! council, said today. The metal trades
council recently called the strike in
Seattle shipyards.
j .nr. fiez specialty aurmg tne war,
was 'letting things stand,' when labor :
asked betterment of wages or work-!
ing conditions," Swain said.
As a result of the alleged retusal of
three boys to salute the flag at the
Willccx grammer school, and dufi -
. cuiues aruiag iruci tnia inciaeni, m.
j I. McKeiiigon, assistant county attor-1
iney.
ana jieputy nenii Marry war-,
ferty leit Tombstone yesterday for
the town in the northern part cf the
county, intending to settle the ques-
tion. Telegrams received at Tomb-
stone said the entire town was split '
into factions and serious trouble !
might result, j
According to the account received;
in Tombstone, L. E, Goodding, former-;
o roarot.ni. nf -t'na ...,v.n J v i i
i uitiuinrt vx aU?KJl .
iaculty in Bisbee, but now principal ,
of the Wii'.cox grammar school, had
inaueurated the rnl th.it nil Keh-n
children must snlntp tha finer aa It ;
was raised each morn
members of the Boy
ica, are said to have
lute, with the result
cuasusea Dy uooaaing. iater. tae '
three boys are said to have gone to w"nesses unless tne commiitee Rad their hirh stalldard of discipline in ev
rn o i j .1.- . something more to base ouestions on . . ..
vyucr wvo, utrau ui me boy scouc
organization in Willcox, and to have
told hiia their reason for refusing to
salute the flag was tliat Goodding had
first dragged it in the dirt and
trample! upon iL They are said to
have teen encouraged, in their atti
tude by Scow.
Wednesday, it is stated, Goodding
vEs severely t eaten by Lyman Hays,
an attorney of Willcox, and it is
claimed that Jesse Moore, constable
-nd chief of police at Willccx. was a
bystander at the fight, but reiused to
interfere in it. A short time after
ward, Goodding is said to have appliad
m me jubine ul lae peace OI tne pre-
tinct for a warrant for the arrest of roand tbem. objection was made by
Hays, and to have been refused a war- Chairman Sims, who declared the com
rant by that official. j mittee- did nct haTe tfcat power. Mr.
A telegram from H. A. Morgan, a , Decker replied that the committee
merchant, received by J. C. Gung'l. a ! could go before congress and get the
Willcox attorney and member of the ; power if that was necessarv. The in
school beard who was in Tombstone vest igation of the packers, he said, had
trying a case, pictured the situation involved such important matters that
in Willcox as serious, and urged that ; it was highly important that it be
Miss Elsie Toles, county superintend-'
ent of schools, come at once to seel icr.i rte Tm
what could be done. Instead of this
being done, McKelligou anc Rafferty
-eft shortlj afterward to probe the
affair.
Teachers of the Willcox schools are '
said to deny that Goodding at any time '
either trailed the flag over the ground
or trampled it, saying he always
handled the national emblem rever- i
ently.
PLANES REACH TUCSON.
(Ey Review Least! Wir
TUCSON, Ariz, Jan. 30 The squad
ron Oi four De Haviland aeroplanes, I raised in the state legislature tomor- j Januarv 27, 1H17, which overthrew the
nymg from Fort V. orth to San Diego, ! row when Representative Chas. R. i Costa Rican government, then in pow
arrived at the landing grounds here Waters of Mohave, will introduce a I er. was the result of bribery on the
iuis aitenioun at s.o O ClOCK. 1 ne
flight from El Paso to Tucson
was
w ithout incident or accidenL The
aiaiors were guests at a ainner given
oy tne citizens of Ixrdsburg at
o'clock this afternoon. An hour later
they left for Tucson. This evening
the airmen were entertained at a din
rer at the Old Pueblo club and were
pressed to remain until tomorrow aft-;
ernoon so that they may be the guests
of the Tucson Luncheon club at its
weekly luncheon Friday noon. The
time of their departure for Phoenix
has not been fixed by Lieut. R.
Pearle, flight commander.
O.
TWO PITCHERS RELEASED
l!t' Review Lensc-! AViri
NEW YORK. Jan. 30. The New
York American league club announced
tonight the release of Pitchers Roy
Sanders and Paul Carpenter to the To-
ledo club of the American associa -
associa-
1 tion.
REVIEW, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1919.
EN
Packer Declares He Does Not;
Oil . 1 A
oeeK immunity, ana An-1
. swers Probe Questions Re
garding Collusion Charge
(By Review Leaded Wire j
j WASHINGTON. Jan. 0 Questions !
; of whether appearance of packers I
: representatives before congress would
j grant them immunity from proecu-
tion under federal laws and cf com-:
veiling the federal trade commission
to disclcse the identity of witnesses:
urea whose testimony charges of col -
j lusion w ere brought against the pack -
i ers came up today, at hearings before
"e seu;ue ana hcusb coiummees.
Louis F. Swift, president of Swift &
Cf mpany. aff.r conferring with his
; cransel. told the senate
agricultural
.committee he would waive any rights
( ue in is uae in respect to ais tesu- :
! niony regarding the abandonment of !
i the M. K & T. railroad stockyards at j
;r r ' v-.
I in cSr-ff a"
ucur & Company, v ere interested.
Questions cf Immunity
i . "- y
The question of possible immunity
fcr the witness was raised when
Francis J. Heney began questioning
-'.r. w un resara to ne a cannon-
. ment of the railroad yards. Members
: of the committee said evidence in
this matter had beea referred to the
, aepanmeni oi justice, wmcn was con-
siderig its application to the Sher-
man anti-trust law.
There was lengthy argument among
members as to the. effect of Mr.
Swift's testimony on his status in the !
event of prosecution in the courts and ;
it finally was ended with Mr. Swift's ;
announcement that he -would waive :
any rights he might have. !
T- E- Wilson, president of Wilson &
Company, was testifying before the!
hr.il 5e i :i t prsts f c' r i-.n .nri"ii" t im m it t pe 1
-
"when members brought up the matter
of requiring the federal trade commis
sion to
j furnish the names or the wlt-.lgreaur exaggerated The number of;COWerS, lnclud:ng reat tSntam, hrance. Japan, Belgium and
tJ-hlTV ! qu"imilitarr po,ice in Paris ha3 beeu in-i Portugal. The most formidable opposition has come from
nesses
.
.. ..
anonymous allegations.'
Give . Satisfactory Answers
Mr. Wi!son said each packer who
had testified had given S2t!?factcry
answers to tVl cvargcs o' the coxmis-.
sion except ttosa made by the tin- i
named w itrfesses and added that they
could not be expected to answer
tvoe. Fe Pugrested that the com
T:ite r.sk the trace coinm'.ssion to
siihrnit their names snd that the wit
Tes be ca'lcd to testify.
The s'jTges'icn was embodied in a
iiit!nn of'ered by Representative
Decker of Missouri, whifh specified
that if the commission refused to give
tho nnn.Ps tho nmroittso cl,nMM o.
LEGISLATURE WILL
(EY LAW
fSrwiai to Th Review
PHOENIX. Ariz., Jan. 30. The Ari-1
zona news service will tomorrow say:
The Mooney controversy will be
ibill amending the code relating to
judgment on aDneal in criminal rases.
; providing especially for cases in w hich
; it is afterwards shown that testimony
was perjured. The measure is one de-
ing. inree Doys, ; -- UJ i creasea merely oecause or tne greater I PrpTri"pr Ulml,
splits nf 4 ro. ius:on among the packers to suppresr., nnmhr f jdior .air, ,,.. rremiCT nuSn
refused to sa,. , PieseniRuye wifsiow ot .Massacnus- the city not because of unusunl dis-thing short O
tnat they were luu . ": uc 'i5-'" order. The statistics show that the fralla mkh
I V..- '
HEAR 00
signed by the American Federation of cock, Valentine alleges, that Tinoco
Labor which is seeking its enactment , overthrew the Costa Rican govern
in every state in the union as the out- j meat, "in furtherance ot his bribery
;rowth of Mooney s conviction of
murder growing out of the prepared-1
ness day outrage in San Francisco,
The bill provides that the state su-;
preme court shall have continuing
jurisdiction over judgments imposing
I punisument for murder in any degree
I and upon pethion of defendant and!
evidence showing Conviction was Ob-j Py Review Leased Wire)
taineu upon perjured testimony the! BOSTON. Mass.. Jan. 30. The sale
supreme court may grant a new trial ! of the controlling interest in the lios
or other relief. Waters former! v or-'ton National league baseball club to
eranizer of the American Federation of
j Labor in the San Juan district of Colo-
i rado. now is of Oatman. Ariz. This
1 is the first state where an atfemnt will
j is the first state w here an attempt will
' be made to adopt the amendment.
GREATEST COLONIAL POWERS
ACCEPT PRESIDENT WILSON'S
PLAN FOR LEAGUE'S MANDA TE
MES MASK
- I
AS AMERICANS
Trt uinr nniaar
!IU HIDE WiL
I
Associated Press Discloses
Reports of Yankee Depre
dations Are Exaggerated ;
Soldiers Found Guiltless
pipio Ta . .r.- n,n .cl,i.,tI,,i
; rv ti oiit;,.
! aiities dressed in American uniforms
! were mainly responsible for the acts
of violence which have caused broad-
i cast publicity to be given to an alleged
i American crime wava in P;iri was
t shown bv an icvpstierttinn onirinrtti1
bv the Associated Press today.
! JLJSSyrSr ISJSZ
in numoer as compared wun tne puo-
! ?;f:e;:
j in number as compared with the pub -
j imagination oi:s?nsaiional newspapers.
papers.
An opportunity was at toraeu to verify I
at ponce, neaaquarters respecting
crimes last December. Thirty-four
discredited and dwindled to two; 244
holdups and assaults were reduced bv
J so per cent.
I There have been numerous fistic en-
counters, however, but thev were
mctlv between irpwifins n'l.i fs
,ioned rough and tumble brawls sucaL
I as arrests are rarely made for jn
American cities where, for the most!
part, the pugnacious ones would mere-
ly be requested by the wiice to go
part
iy
home or
"go to Europe if you w ant to
fight.'
Brig. Gen. William W. Harts of the
United States army in a statement to
day says:
The reports concerning the large
number of murders by American sol
diers in Paris are untrue. Thev
American soldiers are maintaininsr
" i ueiaii, wuerever iney niav oe.
The Paris chief of police, M. Mou-
ton, said he was greatly pleased at the
co-operation of American detectives
who have recently arrived here.
M. Mouton refused to make a state-
ment on the extent cf criuie, but said
uuioiuc ui auwc metis ul nuiuuiu-
biles, to the prejudice of the American
army, American soldiers did nct de
serve the hard reputation which had
geno abroad through various reports
and said:
"Surely there are some real Amer
?pns srniltv. but the nerpentaze is r.ot
nearly as great as that published."
COSTA illCAN SUED
BV OIL OPERATOR
ipv Roview Leased Wire
NEW YORK. Jan. 30. Alfredo Gon-
zaiez, formerly president or eosia
Rica, was named as defendant in a
suit for $250,000 damages brought here i?, ,' ua" "'-'e position of the German colonies were
today by Lincoln G. Valentine, an I 000,men- including four coast artillery advanced. The first proposed annex
American capitalist interested in oil i Renta complete, was announced ation. much as the Pacific northwest
lands and railroads in Central Anier
ifl.i, nnd riir.,d in Pfntri Amer-
ica.
Valentine set forth that his business
reputation was Injured by a communi
cation sent by Mr. Gonzalez to Chair-
man Hitchcock of the Lnited States
senate committee of foreign affairs-in
i which the former president, it is al-
i Wed. chareed that the coun d'etat of ;
I part of what he called "the Valentine
I ?mnn "
! Gonzalez was then president and
Federico Tinoco minister of war.
Gonalez informed Senator Hitch-
' asrreement with Valentine." and that
Tinoco had been given a secret agree-'
i ment bv "the Valentine group" under!
which he was to receive 1 per cent of i
oil productions.
Golzalez now lives in New York.
BOSTON CLUB SOLD
I George Washington Grant for the last!
ten years owner of a string of motion!
picture theaters in London. England. I
', was announced todav. The nrice was!
! w
' n
not made known.
Satisfactory Provisional Arrangement Reached for
Dealing With German Occupied Territory and
Similar Areas of Turkey in Asia; Sweeping
Change in Management Comes Within Range
of Practical Accomplishment at an Early Date
Satisfactory Provisional Arrangements Reached for Dealing
Vith German Occupied Territory and Similar Areas of
i?-Lyr? a; SweePin Change in Management Comes
Withm Range of Practical Accomplishment
PARIS, Jan. 30 (By the Associated Press). The an
nouncement was made in authoritative ouartprs trvv th
j great colonial powers, notably
accepted m principle the American proposal put forward by
President Wilson for the league of nations, exercising super
vision of the German colonies, and alloting their administra
tion to mandatory powers.
The communication issued tonight makes the official an
nouncement that "satisfactory provisional arrangements were
reached for dealing with the German colonies end th-
I !f Asia."
1 1 , wni-n re communication
: " -" --"i.auuii
P f .Pre.sid?nt Wilson's P1
1 COlmes-
Near East in Scope of Policy
The reference to the occupied territory of Turkev in Asia
indicates that Mesopotamia, Palestine, Armenia and Syria are
brought within the scope of this new policy of dealing with
the colonies.
Thus has suddenly come within range of practical ac-
CCniDllshment OnP of tV mnct cuwninn -rt?nn nlnl
' 'vlV , k
"-&'-"- -". naa
policy is that the colonies will b administered bv mandates
r k-.f:. -.C k l j i i
lor e betit ot their own people and not exploited as profit-
makmp: enterprises by the Dowers claiming them.
While acceptance of the principle is with the condition
that details may be worked out on a practical basis, yet ex
ctW.sres among the powers lead to the belief that the details
will be formulated for acceptance by all the colonies and
es of Australia,
f outright annexation of New Guinea to Aus-
endanger the friendly feeling3 toward the mother
country.
Opposition Loses Effectiveness
This, however, is in process of being reconciled by con
cessions on details but, in any event, the opposition is con
sidered to have lost its effectiveness since the British home
; government and South Africa
, 1 1.
icll? POliCV.
President Wilson has taken
hiission5 ard pcceotapce of the new principle is beincr cred
l i . t' i i Ti . .
--u 'rt-vT-iy m pip cTerminea
American ouarters. however,
j contrary an earnest desire is shown that the mandatcrv powers
i .
TRANSPORTS BRING
I'W YilS HOME
i B" Review Leased Wltv)
j WASHINGTON. " Jan.
30. Depar -
ture from France of 12 tnnsnorts r.
' . ... ... ...
r-ir.g more than S50 officers and 11.
, uj ic n vnryai Kucriu. ot- vii
j cf the ships are scheduled to dock at
I New York, three at Newport News,
roaay Dy Ine war department, fceven
one at Baltimore.
The returning coast
ments are the Fourth,
artillery regi-Forty-fourth.
Fifty-first and Sixtieth.
The transports now on route as an
nounced today include some of the
largest in service. Among them are
the Agamemnon. Cedric, Rijndam and
fc.spa$ne.
The Duca d'Abruzzi is due at New
(Continued on Pas Four)
REGULATE CAMP PURCHASES
tRy Review Leased Wire!
WASHINGTON. Jan. 30. Pur
chase by the war department of
sites of existing army training
camps would be prohibited with
out specific authority from con
gress, under a resolution offered
in the house today by Representa
tive Anthony of Kansas, at the
request of the members of the ,
military committee. The resolu
tion introduced after Secre
tary laker and Assistant Secre
tary Crowell had appeared before
the committee to urge the acquisi
tion of the sites of all national
army cantonments and two na
tional guard camps Sevier, S. C
nd Kearny, Cal. Mr. Baker told
PRICE HVE CENTS.
Great Britain and France, had
U, provisional arrangement
refers is the acceptance in
icicrs is me acceptance in onnci-
of mandatory administration of
-"-t-j. -
ui i cu. inc lkamc luea or iras
who has maintained that anv-
are favorable to the new col-
a leading part in the animated
airuuae. mere is no desire m
to herald a victorv, but on the
, shall not be hampered in the least by
I the administration of the colonies,
j Establishes Precedent
j Acceptance of the new principle is
construed as applying not only to the
r-olonies but also as the establishment
of a precedent of the fair dealing
which, will prevail when the large
territorial questions come up for de
cision later.
Owing to the important declsiou
reached, the following precise infor-
1 nation concerning the mandatory plan
was maae avaiiaoie:
inree oroaa proposals ror tne uis-
was annexed as ah
I The second proposed
! ministration, similar
was annexed as American territory.
international ad
to the first in-
tcrnational control of the Congo,
which proved a failure, as did similar
systems in Albania and Morocco. The
third proposal was the mandatory sys
tem, w hich w as included in the Amer
ican plan for a league ot nations.
Tho-e are two conceptions of this
j mandatory system now under exami-
nation. One plan makes the league of
j nat'ons trustee of the colonies, work-
1
(Continued on TJiur Two)
the committee he believed the de
partment had authority to acquire
the sites, but that congress un
questionably could stop it from
carrying out such a plan.
Many members of the commit
tee apparently were opposed to
the proposal as outlined Vy the
war secretary and when he had
completed his statement. Repre
sentative Anthony offered his res
olution. Members urged that the
measure be introduced in the
house so that more formal con
sideration of it might be given,
by the committee as acting for
congress. The committee decid
ed to take up the resolution next
Tuesday. TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1919.
GREATEST COLONIAL
POWERS ACCEPT PLAN
OF FRESIDENT WILSON
(Continued from Paee Od
lng through particular states as its
agent, but reserving detailed powers
of oversight The second is that the the senata today by Senator Borah of
trusted to 'them, but they are sowing
the seeds of such bitter discontent as
might disunite the British empire.
OPPOSE INTERNATIONALIZATION
Hv Review Leased Wire
WASHINGTON", Jan. 30 Vigorous
opposition to plans reported from
Paris lor the internationalization of
former German colonies was made in
trustee shall be one of the members . idaho; republ;can. xhe speaker 8aid
of the leagneof nations and working , he was not in favor of the UnUed
ir jusl auminiHirauuu.
Principles of Mandate
Certain military principles obtain
concerning the mandator' system, i
The state chosen as a mandate should
be chosen as the choice of the people
States assuming any "obligation to
control, govern, or be responsible for
any part of the German possessions."
Senator Borah said Australia, in de
manding the German islands of the
Pacific, had announced a Monroe doc-
to be governed. Another principle is j trine for Australla. added
the open and equal opportunities. All
nations are forbidden to have a great
er military force than is required for
police work, and all iiave the right to
appeal to the league from any in-
justice.
Opinion inclines also to give the
mandate in perpetuity in order to
"If we, as a member of a league, in
terfere with the Monroe doctrine of
Australia, or the Monroe doctrine of
Japan, or of some other nation, how
long would it be before they would in
terfere with our Monroe doctrine?"
The Idaho senator criticized report
ed private conferences between Col-
question is a request that Germany
return $130,000,000 which we have de
posited in German banks as a guaran
tee for leans.- especially in France,
England and Belgium.
stimulate development, but with the ! one, House and General Smuia rd I
reservation that the mandate is re- i
vccable for mlsgovernment or through
! ing disposition of the German colonies,
an agreement had been reached to sus-
ihe people reaching the stage of self uin the secret treaty between Eng:
government.
These are the main features of the
mandatory . system which the powers
now have accepted in principle and
which the great powers are engaged
in formulating the practical details.
land and Japan for disposition of cer
tain German possession in the Pacific.
Senator Borah said this was another
exhibition of secret diplomacy and de
clared that a league of nations based
on secret proceedings would be an
. , - i "infamous institution."
?B7S-ielwSrtT ! f Senator King of Utah democrat, de-
PARIS. Jan. 30. The official com-: fended the action of the American
munication on the peace proceedings ! commissioners in holding private con
today reads: ! ferences, declaring such conferences
"The president of the United States, I were necessary to formulate views for
the prime ministers and ministers f , Presentation to the peace conference,
foreign affairs of the allied and asso-1 An the meetings of the peace commis
ciated powers, as well as the Japanese ' sioners, he said, could not be herald
representatives today held two meet-ied '"from the houstetops."
PERU SEEKS FAVOR
iUv Review Leased Wire!
PARIS, Wednesday. Jan. 2a. "We
trust that the peace conference and
the league of nations, when Peru
brings up the question of the prov
inces of Tacna and Arica, will take a
view favorable to us, although we re
mained neutral during the war," said
Senor Ibanez, Chilean minister to
France, in talking with the Associated
Press correspondent today. t
"The fact,s prove," continued the
minister, "that we have strictly ob
served the terms of the treaty of An
con of 1SS4. That treaty prescriDed
that under certain conditions a plebis
cite should be held at the end of ten
years to decide whether those two
provinces desire to remain under Chil
ean rule or go over to Peru. Peru
did not fulfill these conditions. On
the contrary she demanded new ones
providing that all Peruvians in Tacna
and Arica should be allowed to vote,
irrespective of the length of their stay
in the provinces, while foreigners and
Chileans were to be allowed to vote
only after having resided there a cer
tain number of years.
"Can there be." the minister asked,
"a . more patent confession that Peru
felt the plebiscite would . go against
her if it were organized in a fair way?
We consider that since Peru has not
complied with the terms of the treaty
she has forfeited her right to benefit
from it -
ings at the Quai d'Orsay. the first!
from 11 a. m. until 1 p. m., and the sec-J
ond from 3:30 to 6 p. m.
CONSIDER BLOCKADE
PARIS. Jan. 30. By the Associated
The exchange of views continued I Press.) The war council" at a' meet-
on the German colonies in the Pacific I inS today considered economic and
and in Africa, ui the presence of the financial questions and the subject of
representatives of the dominions, and j ra,r materials. The sentiment was fa
M. Simon. FVench minister of the col-! orable to the relaxation of the block
onies. and of the Marquis Salvagolade so far as it concerned southeast
Raggl (Italy). ' j ern Europe, including th Balkans and
Reach Agreement Austria-Hungary.
"In the afternoon satisfactory pro-
visional arrangements were reached ' CONFER ON LEAGUE
for dealing with the German colonies' - PARIS, Jan. 30. (Havas.) A uni
and the occupied territory in Turkey ! versal conference of all states desiring
in Asia. " i to participate in a league of nations
"At the afternoon meeting the Belr!wi11 e the final act in the formation
gian delegates were present, Mr. Hy-;of the league, Leon Bourgeois, the
mans, Vandenheuvel and Vandervelde : French authority on a league of na
were accompanied by M. Ortz. who ex-1 tions. declared today. This confer
plained the Belgian point of view con- j ence would be held after the peace
cerning the Congo. , conference had approved the scheme
"It was- further decided that tbei now' being drafted by representatives
military representatives of the allied I of tlle great allied and associated pow
and associated powers' at Versailles ers- The universal conference will
should be asked to meet at once and ' Pas upon the admission of each state
present a report as to the most equit- the league and enemy states wfll
able and economical distribution ; be accepted on the same footing as
among those powers of the burden of others. The enemy states, however,
supplying the- military forces for the j M. Bourgeois said, must give proof
purpose of maintaining order in the : lha they no longer foster lust of con
Tuikish empire pending the decisions ' Quest and that they will "repay fuljy
of the peace conference regarding the , fr the devastation and ruin they have
government of Turkish territory. ' caused." s
SWIFT WAIVES COURT
RIGHTS IN ANSWERING
THE COMMITTEEMEN
(Continued from Pae One)
-The next session will be held to
morrow at 3 p. m."
? i
J , BRAZIL SUPPORTS U. S.
I By Review Leased AVI re)
! PARIS. Jan. 30. Brazil will suDnort
the United States and other leading
STRONG OPPOSITION
I'.y Review Lea-! Vire
LONDON, Jan. 30. The discussions ' powers in all matters brought before
of the Paris conference regarding-the, -the peace conference, declared Dr.
future of the former German colonies. J Eiptacio Pessoa. head of the Brazil
is being followed with intense interest ian delegation to the peace conference,
here. In some sections of the press ! to the Associated Press. This, applies
there is a strong feeling against the : to the league of nations and other
British delegation for what the Globe 1 questions of general interest which
calls "giving away the empire." A j Brazil has in common with other na
great majority of Englishmen, the tions.
newspaper says, strongly support Au-: Dr. Pessoa said his assurance ap
xtralia's claim to the islands of the ; plied particularly to the disposition of
Pacific and South Africa's for posses-: requisitioned German ships, of which
ion of German East Africa. j Brazil holds 43, and also to the ques-
Indications that the claims of the do- j tion of indemnities for which Brazil
minions are not being supported by j will make a claim.
the British government delegation "Most of the questions which Brazil
have caused some alarm. The Morn-i Mill submit to the conference," he
ing Post, for example, says: added, "are absolutely insignificant as
"If the British delegates weakly per- ' compared with the tremendous prob
sist in this attitude they are not only j Iems which the powers will have to
surrendering the British interests en-1 solve. The most important Brazilian
completed in every detail so the pub
lic could "be informed whether the
packers should go before the grand
jury or be given a clean bill."
"It's important that we get the real
facts in the case," Mr. Decker said.
"The public demands that we get
them. If we don't and go ahead dis
cussing legislation founded on unsup
ported facts, this committee will be
the laughing stock of the country-
Partisan Investigation
Mr. Decker asserted the investiga
tion by the federal trade commission
was clearly partisan and incomplete.
He said the Committee should let the
public know whether the' packers
should go before the grand jury or be
given a clear bill.
Representative Esch of Wisconsin,
said he had closely examined the re
ports of the commission and agreed
with Mr. Decker that much of the im
portant evidence had been of an an
onymous character, but believed the
cemmittee should discuss the motion
in an executive session.
Representative Winslow said he did
not doubt that the trade commission
was inspired by honest motives in
making its investigation, but that the
committee should not accept second
hand evidence as the basis of legisla
tion. Mr. Decker's motion was seconded
by Representative Dillon of South Da
kota, but a vote on it was "not taken,
because several members objected,
saying that Mr. Wilson should be al
lowed to proceed with his testimony.
The committee expects to dispose of
the resolution tomorrow. It agreed
that the packers be allowed to appear
again if the commission witnesses
were examined.
Asks Co-operation
Mr. Wilson testified that many of
the troubles of the livestock producers
and the packers would be relieved if
the producers organized in every state
and co-operated with the packers and
the department of agriculture. The
producers, he said, could regulate ship
ments and the price would be almost
uniform the year arcund, while now it
was a gamble. Much of the agitation
against the packers, he contended was
led by producers who had been given
rough treatment by the packers years
ago, and who still held a grudge. He
denied that tje packeis were control
ling prices by collusion.
Representative Sweet of Iowa want
ed to knew whether 350.000.000 pounds
of meat was held in storage through
out the country to maintain or in
crease the price.
"No. indeed." Mr. Wilson answered.
"You must understand that is not
such an enormous quantity. A short
time ago my company had an order
one-half that amount it had to fill in
two weeks. The figure seems large,
but large figures are common in the
packing industry."
Mr. Wilson said the great quanti
ties of pork held in storage resulted
from the government's action last
summer in urging increased produc
tion cf '.logs.
"There was a big response to the
government's request," he stated.
"Than when the armistice, was signed
and everybody began to believe prices
would tumble, every man who owned
a hog wanted to get rid of it. The
market was glnted and the packers
bought in enormous quantities."
In takiiie up the examination of
Mr. Swift regarding the M. K. & T.
yards. Mr. Heney read letters to show
that Switf &. Co. and Armour & Co.
had refused to ship livestock over the
railroad as long as the road main
tained its yards and that later when
the yards were abandoned an agree
ment was reached to ship a certain
volume of stock over the line on cer
tain days.
"Well. I want to explain that," sug
gested Mr. Swift, but the raising of
the immunity question caused a recess
and executive session of the commit
tee and delay in the testimony until
late in the day.
Mr. Swift said the railroad stock
yards were "merely feeding yards."
had not been successful, and probably
would have ibeen abandoned by the
railroad, anyhow.
"You and Armour refused to ship
on the Katy in order to bring all the
livestock to your yards, though, didn't
you?" asked 'Mr. Heney.
"There were1 negotiations with the
railroad, but as to how far they went
in the way of a threat, I don't know,"
was the reply.
"It wasn't a case of a threat," con
tinued Mr. Heney. "You simply with
drew your business from the Katy."
"We may have withdrawn some "
.Mr. Swift started to say, but was in
terrupted by Mr. Heney, who said:
Forced Yards to Close.
"You withdrew so heavily thai you
forced the 'Katy to close its stock
yards in return for your shipping a
certain amount of stock."
Mr. Swift said he thought the M. K.
& T. might have closed the yards
quicker, if the action had not-been
requested.
"Your correspondence shows that
you shock each other's hands over the
result, all ripht," responded Mr.
Heney.
When Mr. Wilson's examination lie
fore the house committee was "con
cluded late today, Arthur G. Leonard,
president of the Union Stockyards &
Transit Co., Chicago, took the stand
to protest against proposed govern
ment control or regulation of stock
yards. He said that "it Is neither just
nor fair, nor economically sound for
the government to deprive stockyard
companies of their property." and ob
jected to having the business squeezed
dry by government regulation without
ownership.
Mr. Leonard said the Chicago stock
yards had always been fair to both
producers and packer and that few
ecmpiaints had ever been made
against it. He denied that the prop
erty was controlled by the five big
packers, or by any other combination
of large and small packers, and said
the company has constantly sought to
increase the number of buyers a-- Us
market. - '
VILLA REBELS IN
COMUILA STATE
lHv Review Leased Wiroi
EL PASO. Texas. Jan. 30. Hipolito
Villa, brother of Francisco Villa, is
marching toward Cuatro Cieniegas
with a force of 300 men for the pur
pose of invading and starting a rebel
uprising in the state of Coahuila. it
was officially announced here tonight.
Felipe Angeles was left in command
j of the Villa forces in the Ojinaga dis
j trict with headquarters at Cuchillo Pa
rados.
r i -A.
1.
Hag
- WITH
to Fr
am
"PERSHING'S CRUSADE
WRECK RESULTS FATALLY
CRy Review Leased Wire"
JUARE'. Mex.. Jan. 30. Twenty
five were killed and 30 injured when
a freight and passenger train collid
ed near Laguna, 160 miles south of
the border late Tuesday night, pas
sengers arriving here tonight on the
delayed passenger train reported.
The wrecked passenger train ran in
to the rear of a freight train, killing
a number of the soldiers guardjng the
train, five wives of soldiers, three chil
dren and a number cf passengers in
the third class coaches. A federal army
paymaster was also killed and his aide
injured. The injured were taken to
Chihuahua City and placed in the hos
pital. The wife of an American was
reported killed but this was not confirmed.
GREAT CLEARANCE
Sale Dresses,
Waists and Underwear
EVERY GARMENT IN THE
STORE WILL BE SOLD
AT LESS THAN COST
Including the new spring styles
will go in this sale.
WE MUST RAISE $5,000
to pay on our loss by burglary.
WE WILL ACCEPT LIBERTY
. BONDS AND W. S. S.
SAME AS CASH
FRUITMAN'S
ASHION SHOP : : :
- Opp. American Express Co.
Phone 74 Main St.
HERE'S WARMING, SOOTHING RELIEF
FROM YOUR RHEUMATIC ACHES
For prompt relief from Rheumatism,
Neuralgia, or Lumbago, you can
depend on Sloan's Liniment. The
warming, soothing, counter-irritant
effect is the quickest way to overcome
the inflammation, swelling or stiffness.
A few drops go tight to the sore part,
draw the blood from the congested
placeand remove the cause of the ache.
The great penetrating power of
Sloan s Liniment makes rubbing need
less. It is easier and cleaner to use than
plasters or poultices. It does not stain
the skia or clog the pores. A bottle of
Sloan's Liniment is all you need for
quick rest and relief from the pains of
sprains, bruises, backache, stiffneck,
and most forms of rheumatic twinges.
Generous size bottles at druggists
everywhere.
o)(oim
I In rm n nrm
ItlLLSN
( rfo u
GOAT MILK
Newest to Mother's KiHc Easiest to digest
MtfKcnj of peo
ple in Europe
drink tokTf
milk ail
fire. ;H
(Zp-, -TNVYfc!i other
Feed Company
Phone 12!
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
COAL,
F
isbee Fuel and
d Co
inpany
Office Dclow Copper Queen Hotel
Mrs. Jones Isnen
VOICE BUILDING. TONE PRO
DUCTION and the ART OF SING
ING. From the beginning to the
highest perfection. Free voice trial.
JPhone Green. 721 for appointment.
WIDEMAKN'S COAT Kill UB0RAT0R23
A Health Builder
For Weakened Lungs
VTherft a continued ooutrh or cold
threatens the lungs, Eckman's Altera
tive will help to stop the coush.
strengthen th lunps and restoro
health. SOe and ?L50 bottles at drug
gist s, or from
ECKMAX LABORATORY, Philadelphia
PIANO LESSONS
given by graduate of Sasees Acad
emy. New York. Thorough and cor
rect instruction for beginners or
advanced scholars guaranteed.
MRS. MARQUETTE
Opera Drive Opp. Ilish School
RevTailoring
DEPARTMENT
We do our own designing and
cutting, and try cn each garment
befoli completed, which assures
a perfect fit. Alterations, clean
ing, pressing and repairing neatly
done.
H. MICHAELS, Tailor,
With Miller Shirt and Hat Shop
Main St., Bisbee
TRY THE REVIEW WANT ADS FOR QUICK RESULTS
First U. S. Official War Film
Taken by the U. S. Signal Corps - and Navy Photographers and the
French General Staff
Presented by
COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC INFORMATION
' George Creel, Chairman .
f Through Division'of Films, Charles S. Hart, Director'
TWO DAYS (
iCI BEGINNING l
CONTINUOUS FROM 1:00 TO 11:00 P. M.
A "graphic panorama of America's progress in the first year of the war
against the Imperial German Autocracy. How our boys made good
on the biggest and most blood-stirring job they ever tackled.
Grand Th
ATURDAY
1
Gas Fired W
ater Heater
For Attaching
to Yout-
Range Boiler
n
A Eirst National Attraction. "Scenes of Staggering Immensity." POPULAR PRICKS 25 and 35c
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
1;
I.M:
I
Msbcc Improvement Co. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1919.
THREE
9m f
YCEM
H
il
P
ill
I
a. r. a ?
ii s ? i ii :
Hli: -hi
t
W ! F! '4
U Lra us
La
n flp.nro
Ra
EAT
Si 1
i
-
BUILDING AN
CONTENT
lcng linos, marched in orderly mannerlr evident after the crowd first made D,,, QrkTf 1 f ol T?VffZ. f?ttt1Q A IIV7II
oat of the rear entrance. !iis exit. Several vomen were runmng'Xil Opillf DUUUiiHlIO I IICV ilUld XUUtJ
Alarm Sounded Late ! vwidly to ana tro to una lost cnuaren.
An unusuallv Ions time was oocu- beine gladdened within a few mo-
ipied in srettine an alarm to the Low- meiits to find "that some Samaritan
U Ail
eil ana Kjs-Ot-e fire departments. ixw
ell people claimed to have called up
the telephone office and asked the
Llorerator several times to turn in an
'alarm without result. Jesse K. Jcy,
'deputy sheriff lrom Bisbee, who was
iin Lowell, also cave the alarm by
telephone, but fully 2' mim.ttes
le'apsed before the Lowell fire depart
ment arrived oa the scene and the
l flames had such a start that it was
j impossible to save the bit il Jin sr. Short-1
,,, , ., , ,'ly afterward the truck from the Bis-i
omen ana Children oaved ! bee station No.
had picked up the little ones and car-
7i r a J di
ried them safely from the burning J tf tUCUll 1 1 CfcT OtUl C
building through another exit. j
Stories that persons were trapped i
in the buiiding. which spread quickly interesting show
over the district, soon were put at! . j .,... . . .
rest, although it was admitted by n?o " Bisnnfbrftsn 'hx&
V ,,,. 57Vw j twe Phelps Dodge Mercannle compan.
i , , v j . Mai. . H Bropny, late general man-
Displayed at P. D. ! Severing Arm of
Driver From Body
wi 'in holdin? the names within the walls ered
xien cf tbe theater. Bv 10 o'clock the
From.. Tram pel in g
C 1 T n..:t- vlflames had been conquered entirely
r land the rig came back to Eisbee.
Stampede of Audience
with cool heads had not intervened.
there doubtless would have been a
long casually list to sadden the dis
trict While a number of frame buildings
1 arrived and aided in the vicinity were gravely endang-
the good work of the firemen
The Central theater building was
owned by Bowen & Hubbard and was
under lease to Mrs. Maggie Marx. It
was valued at $3000. The furnishings
: belonged to Mrs. Marx and were said
cf the Central theater at Lowell, atjto be slued at between $2000 and
Two picture machines and a
Fire originating in the lamp house
Sc45 o'clock last night, completely de
stroyed the building and endangered
the lives of approximately 500 people
who were in the audience. Tut for
53000.
high class rectifier, recently installed.
belonged to the Lyric Theater com
pany. These were estimated by John
the coolness cf Justice of the Peace Diamos of the Lyric company to have
J. L. Winters and a few others in the
audience, an incipient panic which
threatened to assume full swav doubt
less would have caused a large cas
ualty list, as there were many women
and children in the audience. Judge
Winters and his aides marshalled the
crowd and marched the greater part
of it out of the building through the
two rear exits. Xo one was injured.
The damage, as nearly as could be
estimated, was approximately $12,000.
with no insurance, as far as could be
learned last night.
Alexander Frovas, who was operat-
ager of the concern, who returned re
cently from the battlefields of France,
has kindly loaned a large assortment
of souvenirs collected by himself, to
the Bisbee store.
The window display consists of iron
crosses taken from dead German sol
diers on the battlefield. German hel
mets ranking from private to colonel,
officers' swords, combination of side
arm and bayonet for engineers. 75
milimeter shells. 77 milimeter shells
and basket container picked up on the
j battlefield of the Somme, infantry
I staff officer's sword, field glasses tak
I en from a German officer, famous
J French soixant quince or 75 milimeter
shell, decorated by French wounded
! soldier hrinnets or cierar liehter made
rumble of thunder and ; Dv a bounded French soldier from
saved them. A contributing element
in holding down the loss was the rain
fall, which ceased shortly before the
fire started.
THUNDER -LIGHTNING
I
MRS. M. E. HOYLE HAS
GAINED 30 POUNDS
Running away on the steep moun
tain side near the ore bins of the Wolverine-Arizona
Mining company, for
which he was freighting ore a large
motor truck driven by Robert Green,
aged 23 years, threw the driver from
his seat "and. presumably the wheels
passed over his right arm, almost com
pletely severing it from his body be
tween the elbow and shoulder. He
was found some time later very weak
from loss of blood.
Mr. Green was removed to the
Fhelps Dodge hospital immediately
after he was found and was reported
late last night to be resting well. He
is said to have a chance for recovery,
though weakened by loss of blood.
I've Never Found Anything to
Equal Tanlac, She Says
Troubles Overcome
new person. My appetite is splendid.
1 am never bothered with indiyesiioii
or gas any more, no matu-r what I eat.
and my color is fine. N;t only uaV I
!een relieved of rheumatism and snm-.-ch
trouble but 1 hue ulo gained 2.1
qounds in weight, besides. Now those
are my rvasons tor thinking so well of
Tanlac and I will gladly tell anyone
who cares to call on ine what 1 havo
found out by experience about it."
I Tanlac la sold In rsree by J. M.
..,rvvK- iBall. in Douglas by Do-.iih-s Druj com
.fi. . hi Pir. in Paradise by C. A. WaU or. In
ii II xi r 1 Bowid by Bowk Drug company, in San
' j Simon by , R. Cooke, in h-o bv
A. Nichclsou. in Lowell by Lowell
been worth $1000. There was no in
surance on any portion of the building
or equipment. The grocery and ci6ar . harDm,ers 0r xxs:. made their ai-
The growlin
the flash of lightning, considered by ; German belt buckles, German service j
many of the self constituted weather i rifie nicked un near San Mihiel. aa !
prophets of this district to be sure
HOPSON EXPERIENCES,
ADVENTURES IN PLENTY
com
pany.
stand or lom KatKovicn also was a for the first time this var
heine !... , T.
total less, the estimated dama
about $00. but may be higher, as
there were several expensive pieces
of jewelry in the stand which were
not saved. If these cannot be found
several hundred dollars will be added
to the loss. Mr. Ratkovich has no
insurance.
Service Station Damaged
Adjoining the theater to the south.
the Vv il!?.rd Service station. Lehman
rifle picked up near ban Mihiel. gas
masks from the battlefield of the Som
me. two days alter the enemy retreat
ed and one 52 milimeter shell picked
up on the Somme battlefield after the
allied drive of September, 191S.
lag the machine for the Lyric Treater . & Wright proprietors, was damaged
company, which had the theater under j to the extent of about fCOO. There
lease, said late last night, that he j were 14 automobiles in this building,
had been patching a film h"n a kink j but all but one, the pronert of Agent
in it lay across an electric light bulb j Mark P. John of the United States
for some time unnoticed. Suddenly j Express office in Lowell, were brought
it burst into flame. In describing the lout unscathed. This one had the top
few seconds which followed, he said: I slightly burned. The building occu
Booth Not Fire Procf 'pied by the Wi'.lard station alo was
"I had 12 reels of fi'm out patching j owned by Bowen & Hubbard. It was
them up. I tried to cut off the burning , damaged by fire and water to the ex
piece of film, tut before I could do j tent cf between S500 and $1000.
so the roll of film on which I was j Mr. and Mrs. P. A. Moon, who live
working brst into flames. All cf in the house adjoining the Willard
the hair was sineed eff my arms and I station, aided by friends, carried their
the ends of my fineers were b irned. ' te'.onrhigs into the street. Some lo.s
I reached for my hst and coat, bnt . was experienced in the moving, but its
was forced by the fire to loave them, .amount probabTy was trivial."
I was almost surrounded by Tames i Mr. and Mrs. Gecrge Mathlein.
when I jumped frotn the lamp ho:'e j wose transfer office and residence
and escaped. The booti rras not fire 1 adjoins the Moon residence on the
proof." f ! south . .also experienced some loss in
' The second show had begun but a the same manner.
few minutes before. At the end of the J It was reported w-hen th fire was
first show, which was attended by anjat its height, that the cashier had
audience testing the capacity "cf the been forced to leave the box office
theater, fully a third of the audience ' w:thout the funds, but this later was
Toft. Between 400 2nd 500 peop!e were j found to be in error. However, one
in the building, according to estimates. : woman, whose name could not be
when the first flafh- of flame told of learned last night, reported to Dep
the fire. Immediately there was an uty Sheriff John Ryan that she had
incipient panic. Women jun?pjd to dropped her purse, containing $70 near
their feet, screa-r.ing and children be-' the rear of the theater. It also was
gan to cry, while a jamming move- reported unofficially that several other
ment toward the doors started. It was , women had lost their purses and that
then that Judge Winters and his as- j some men had lost valuables in the
sistants, whose names could not be : incipient panic which overwhelmed
jlast evening, as an accompaniment to
a snower.
In the minds of many old timers
thunder and lightning in the winter
presage an early and wet spring sea
son. In their belief the thunder's
peal and lightining's flash is as sure a
sign of spring as the song of the first
robin.
The same old timers, by resorting ,to
the use of Indian signs say that unus
ually wet winter weather presages less
moisture during the summer rainy
season than ordinarily.
From all parts of Cochise county
word has been received recently that I .It Yt O II O fin W I Tin
FABER SIGNS WITH SOX.
ti'.v K-vi?w Le:sHl Wire
CHICAGO. Jan. 30. Pitcher Urban
tRed) Faber, having received his dis
charge from the navy,, signed tonight
with the Chit ago Americana. Faber
pi'ched the White Sox to three of the
four vi-.'toiies in the world's series of
1917 asinst New York.
the heavy snow and rainfalls had put
the range and farming land in excel- JTV, frtrtrJ 7Vf Z-o
lent condition, both for the stockmen 1 11C It O UfUULV JL t lAo
and farmers.
Another atmospheric phenomenon of The weekly gathering of the War
yesterday was a heavy fog bank be- j ren District Luncheon club, at the
tween here and Tombstone, in the Copper Queen hotel yesterday, heard
morning. One teg bank lay over Gov-1 several good speeches ou live topics,
ernment draw, being so thick that an- j John Mason Ross spoke of the im
tomobile drivers had to lean from : portance of finding employment for all
their cars and run slowly to avoid the ! returned soldiers and sailors, though
possibility of running into other cars, j he confessed himself in the dark as
A second fog was in the " the narrows' i to the proper solution of the labor
about four miles east of Tombstone.
Xever in the memory of the oldest
inhabitant has such a phenomenon
been seen in this section, it is claimed.
EXHIBITION GAMES
(Fv
learned last night, began to shout to
the crowd, quieting it. Very .few per
sons were able to get out the front
way. The majority, forming in two
the audience when the fire was dis
covered. These reports could not be
verified.
The human interest note was large-
gi rags
8 1
Review Iease1 "Vire
NEW YORK,Jan. 30 The
York National "league baseball
will play 13 exhibition games with
American league cJubs in the south
next spring and two in Washington,
it was announced here tonight.
problem. However, it is a time tor
employer and employe to work to
gether, he said, to solve the difficult
question.
Chairman J. C- Ryan discussed the
formation of the state good roads as
sociation on a permanent basis. He
described the actions of the conven-
New j tion held in Phoenix early this week,
club ! . C. F. Philbrook and Tom Cowperth-
waite discussed the problem of prop
erly numbering the houses of Bisbee.
Dr. N. C. Bledsoe discussed the city
council's plans for paving in Pisbee.
In a letter to his brother. C. O. Hop-
son of this city, hoisting engineer a
the Sacramento shaft of the Phelps
Dodge company, Linza Hopson. form
erly of Bisbee, tells of his varied ex
periences since entering the war. He
is a member of the 350th Infantp- and
on December 24. the date of the let
ter, was stationed in Saarbrug, Ger
many. He says in part:
"I went all through the war and vas
in three drivea but came through all
right. I surely saw some hard fight
ing. I was on the front for 10S days
without relief and went through lots
of hardships and was kept busy dodg
ing old Fritz' shells. But I think we
gave him one every time he gave na
one. at that.
"We were still driving the Germans
the dav peace was signed. We were
glad to quit as you know how the
Americans fight. We did not have
much to eat while on the drive and
part of the time we had to sleep out
in the cold without blankets.
"Almost all of my old company has
been killed off. There were not many
of the old men who came over here
left in it.
"Some of the Germans wanted to be
taken prisoner but some of them
would stay with their guns until they
were killed. I have had lots of expe-;
rience with machine guns as the Ger-j
mans had so many of them.
"Well. Clarence, I am oyer, in Ger- j
many now and have 'been 'up tb'thej
Rhine.' I have seen many sights about !
which I will tell you when v I come j
home. I have been in lots of big Ger-
man towns and right now am quarter-;
ed with a German family In their own
house. They treat us fine." !
"If I could speak with
personally ho has stomacl
and rheumatism." said Mrs. M. E.
Hovle of l!t2'J Pennsvlvani:i avnu
them to take Tanlac. for I have tried 'i company, in
it myself, and have never round anv.;" Prmacy. in Clovsun by B . A.
thing to equal It- I have suffered with T0;- rr frrLa ?h
rheumatism durinjc the past ten veara r3r 1U
v. i " Li J:..: , Tombstone by Hoy da Drus Ftore, and
uiuu & uiuuf.ui a nuum u instil .ii'it'u.
The pain would extend front my hips
down to my ankles, the muscles and
leaders felt like they were drawn, my
kneea were so stiff 1 could hardly bend
over, and many a night the pain was
so sever that 1 could hardly keep
from crying. My appetite was very
noor and mv stomach was so out of or
der that what little I did eat made me !
miserable. 1 suffered terribly from in
digestion and would bloat up so badly
from the gas on my stomach that I
could scarcely breath, and there was
also a dull aching pain in the pit of
my stomach. My complexion was very
bad sallow and yellow looking and 1
just felt badly all the time.
"But Tanlac has been a
blessing to me and no one could see
the change that has taken place in me :
during the past few weeks and doubt !
it being a great medicine. All my ;
rheumatic pains and stiffness is gone
now, and you may know 1 feel like a
BIG RACE TRACK DEAL.
LOUISVILLE. K. Jan. SO.Ix
inglon advices, quoting Sisie Senator
Thomas A. Combs, indicate all Ken
tuck race tracks will pass into pos
session cf a syndicate of horsemen
land businessmen shortly. Aoootdins
to Combs, be has made a cash pay
ment on the $S50.000 purchase- price
for the track at l.atnia. near Cin
cinnati, the IW.i&las park track at
Louisville and has secured an option
on 75 rer cent of the stock of the
! New Louisville Jockey club, owners of
wonderful I Churchill Downs at Louisville and on
the . Kentucky association, owner of
tho Lexington race course.
The tracks will be incorporated un
der tae name of the Kentucky Jockey
club, vita IV J. Har.lon of Lruisviile.
provident.
Hi
Insurance
The Burning
Question
THE CLANG, CLANG OF
THE FIRE PATROL
SENDS A THRILL THRU
THE OWNER OF THE
BUILDLNG NOT PRO
TECTED BY ADEQUATE
INSURANCE -
THE BURNING
QUESTION IS
Can you afford to worry
along until the grim spectre
of disaster attacks YOU?
Take out ample protection
and escape the jeopardy of
an adverse fate. We can
show you the policy best
suited to - your particular
problem. The resources and
facilities of the dollar for
dollar companies that we
represent are at your dis
posal. Make this one of
your chief missions before
the fire alarm sounds the
loss of your earthly posses
sions. DO IT NOW
Hogan !k Seed,
FIRE INSURANCE
v. V J ?iOMk li
li li l
I ill
.
I 1
the
Fire
Fiend.
thi
ing
ru ' . .'ill- i - v," ,
xmmm
Fhone 10
Office, Main Street
a i i i . i r .1
When only the charred ember3 ot the tire remain there s no
that provides such stimulus as the insurance policy.
Out cf the chaos of the conflagration you emerge clear-minded,
with a clean vision in pursuit of commercial success.
Fate is fickle there's no telling when your building will be at
tacked by the fire fiend.
But if you are adequately protected, you need have no disturbing
thoughts or misgivings as to the future.
Our campanies are backed by resources and facilities that will be
found of distinct advantage to your especial needs.
Let us confer with you on the best available policy for your prop
erty. DO IT NOW. DONT HAVE REGRETS WHEN
IT IS TOO LATE
Arizona Insurance Agencies
Bank Bisbee Bldg. T. A. HUGHES, Mgr. Bank Bisbee Bldg.
- - m W m W. m i-- it m m k
PAY CASH-PAY LESS I
Sea
13
VASHMG P
Large Package
21c
OWDER
J. IB. ANGIU
PURE FOOD GROCER
WHERE YOU CAN DO BETTER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-161C9
1 . , 'izmrmmmmmmm'
-
For a very small annual rental we will pro
vide a place for your valuables that is absolutely
secure against fire and theft, and that gives you
ONE place for ALL your valuable papers, jewelry,
etc., instead of stowing them away in a dozen dif
ferent insecure places.
L. J. OVERLOCK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co.. Boston, Dututh, Calumet.
LOGAN A BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
Copper Queen Hotel and mgh-Qass cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
A. J. CRAIG, Independent Gasfitter.
ALL KINDS GAS WORK MY SPECIALTY. Gas Water Heaters and
Rj.nges installed and repaired. Gas piping work guaranteed. Prices
reasonable. Phone 268. care H. E. Wootton, Res. Phone, Black 702.
wgiwrva-paai FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1919.
S
Published Every Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated Publishing
Company
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press i exclusively entitled to the use for re-pufclication
of all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to this paper,
and also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches herein are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class Mail Matter
March 8,
SUBSCRIPTION RATES,
Per month
Three months
Six months
Twelve months ;
Sunday (our weekly) per year
to on day tour weekly) per quarter
No Subscription Taken
A Princess
Now and again princes of the blood royal have renounced their right
of succession in order to marry the women of their choice. Such in
stances are not so common among princesses. This may not be so much
due to the truth of the charge that is made that women, fundamentally,
are less democratic than men as to the fact that princesses, being looked
upon as pawns in the diplomatic game, are given less freedom of choice
as a rule than their brothers. Whatever the cause of the distinction, it
exists, and consequently the public will take a peculiar satisfaction in the
announcement that, preliminary to her marriage to Commander Lord
Alexander Ramsay, a man much inferior to her in rank. Princess Patricia
of Connaught has renounced her title of princess and after her marriage
will be known simply as Lady Patricia Ramsay. Princess Pat, as she is
affectionately known, not only at home, where she was called "Eng
land's pet princess," but in Canada and the United States, while not
exactly in the line of royal succession, is a granddaughter of Queen
Victoria, and permission for her to give up her title as princess had to be
especially granted by King George. This renunciation deprives her of the
right to be called "your royal highness.
Where the Freaks Advertise
The want ad columns of the London Times are an unending source
of joy for the seeker after the curious. If that peculiar type of English
person, variously known as "eccentric or "plain nut. conceives a need
he puts an ad in the Times. An illustration appearing in a recent
edition of the Times is this:
What happens to animals after death? Advertiser who has just
lost a loved and faithful dog would be grateful for any comforting
thoughts on this subject. Box N 302.
Another advertiser with leanings toward the supernatural put in
the following:
Haunted bouse wanted. Will rent or purchase. With five to
ten acres of land. Must be within fifty miles of London.
Facts for Germany
Germans seldom believe what outside people tell them. Maybe
they will lend a listening ear to the hard facts jabbed at them by
Maximilian Harden, the famous and honest editor of Die Zukunft. In a
recent issue he advises his readers to recognize what Germany has done
to the allies during this war, and then to do their best, honestly and
sincerely, to conciliate their outraged enemies.
The German war, he explains, included "fifty-one months of brutal
rule in Belgium, during which, every law of humanity was broken, the
devastation of northern France, air raids contrary to all law, the custom
of sinking passenger and hospital ships, secret agreements with the
Irish and the Flemish, the smuggling of explosives, disease bacilli
and incendiary instruments into neutral countries, nd everywhere
bribery, fraud and theft."
'All this, he says, is but a part of the account the allies have to
present to Germany. The Germans must acknowledge its justice, in
all particulars where itis just; instead of carrying out defiantly against
it. They must also do their best to convince the world of the honesty
of their revolutionary movement, which so many foreigners regard as
a fraud, and to persuade the allies that Germany really places her
hopes on the abandonment of militaristic ambitions and the creation of
a orld of peace.
This, indeed, is the way of salvation for the German people, and
the only way.
Evacuation Tags
Annals of the American army in France provide many cases of
"deserters' who left rest billets or "quiet sectors" to get to the front
and into action. A recent citation for the posthumous award of a
disinguished service cross brings to light another remarkable breach
of discipline.
When a soldier is injured and it is found necessary to send him to
the field hospital an evacuation tag is tied on his uniform. This means
that be is out of tiie, figh; no more responsibility rests on him and for
him the war is over temporarily.
Lt. I. Berry of the fifth machine gun battalion was in action near
Montblanc, France, the first week in last October. When he learned
that his company commander had been killed and that the second in
command had been wounded Lieutenant Berry went to the front line and
"carried on.
Within a few hours he was seriously wounded in the head, and the
surgeon, seeing that quick action was necessary to save his life, ordered
him to be taken to the hospital and placed the evacuation tag on his
uniform. As soon as the surgeon had gone Lieutenant Berry tore
off the evacuation tag, destroyed it and returned to his company in the
front line. For 24 hours he commanded their defense, then guided them
back out of the trenches after relief had come and died.
Regulating Auto Stage Lines
Senator O'Neill of Cochise county has introduced in" the state sen
ate a measure providing for the regulation of freight and passenger
traffic over state and county highways.
The measure is designated to correct growing abuse in the auto
mobile stage business and to assure service to the public over es
tablished lines.
The individual or corporation which makes an investment in auto
mobile stages or trucks for carrying passengers and freight over a
ghen line and gives service to the public is entitled to protection
against pirates and this bill is designed to give that protection. Often
fly-by - b igh t.ch a h If eurs have paid ? deposit on a car. secured a bond and
Etarted to run on existing routes, taking enough of the business to make
it unprofitable for the existing line to run, with the result that stage
service has' been altogether abandoned on the route.
, It is 'now proposed to give the corporation commission pow er to
regulate this, to require all persons or corporations starting a stage
line over' a route where cars are already running, to secure a "certificate
of public convenience. that in, a certificate showing that necessity ex
ists for the establishing of another line. In other words, permits to
operate stage lines will be in the nature of franchises. The corpora
tion commission lias the power to fix the rate and make all other
necessary regulations so that the public cannot be gouged. They will
then be protected against those who beck permits merely so that they
may run occasionally when they can pick up traffic or run only to cover
up bootlegging operations.
The stage business will grow by leaps and bounds with the con
struction of a great system of tate highways. All important points
will be connected by stage lines. They must be regulated like the
railroads and ample protection given the public, assuring also the best
possible service, for without regulation passengers will be forced to
undergo great inconveniences and danger. Tucson Citizen.
That Old Gag Revived
E. Ford's sudden elevation brings to mind the tale of the man
whose hand clipped while cranking the durned machine, throwing it to
the top of a five story building.
If Arizona want3 to get even with Burleson for hiking the long dis
tance telephone rates, we suggest that he be called up "collect" And told
our opinions on the subject.
at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
1879.
PA VABLE IN, ADVANCE
,
.? .75
. 2.25
. 4.00
7.50
. 2.50
. .75
for Less Than 75c
Resigns
DEL6R1DGE fiTIM ON EMPLOYMENT;
AGENCIES TAILS TO SAVE MEASURE)
AIMED AGAINST PRIVATE INSTITUTIONS
(By Review Leased Wire)
PHOEN'IX. Ariz., Jan. 30. Repre
sentative Delbridge of Cochise, speak
ing in the house this afternoon on
Mrs. McKay's bill proposing heavy
taxes on private employment agen
cies, delivered a scathing arraignment
of the agencies, but. in company with
other friends of the bill, failed to save
it. On a vote of 23 to 9 it was in
definitely postponed. The bill had
proposed a tax of $10 a day, payable
monthly in advance on all private
employment agencies operating in
Arizona.
Senator Claridge re-introduced in
the upper house a bill providing for
the confiscation of any vehicle found
carrying liquor within the boundaries
of the state of Arizona. This measure
was first introduced as the Marsh
bill during the special war session last
year when an attempt was made to
enforce it as a war-time emergency.
At that time, however, it was de
clared outside the jurisdiction of. the
special session.
Blow at Attorneys.
Sitting in committee of the whole,
the house aimed a body blow at at
torneys who are in the habit of col
lecting excessive fees; when it rec
ommended the passages of the bill
which would make it a misdemeanor
for a lawyer to collect more than 25
per cent of the judgment in a per
sonal damage suit. The measure
would provide further for the disbar
ment of the lawyer convicted under its
provisions.
During the debate on this measure.
Representative Phillips of Maricopa
county announced that later in the
session he would introduce further
legislation which would deal even
more drastically with the class termed
"legal sharks. Acting on the rec
ommendation contained in the gov
ernor's message at the opening of the
legislature, the senate and house ap
pointed joint committees to make
tours of inspection of the University
of Arizona and the industrial school.
The committee which will inspect
the university is composed of Sena
tors Elliott, Hughes and Green, Repre
sentatives Barrow, Howard and Mc
Kay. Those who will inspect the indus
trial school are Senators Parr and
Buehman. Representatives Cull, Flood
and Gibson.
Delbridge Attacks Agents.
The rapid fire of debate before the
FIND NEW CLEW OF
ALLEGED MURDERER
By Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX, Aria., Jan. 30. Oliver
Roberts, wanted in connection with
the murder of his wife, whose charred j
body was identified when found in the j
New River at El Centro, Cal., Janu- i
ary 17, was in Phoenix less than two
weeks ago, according to Sheriff John
Montgomery. The sheriff announced
today that he had been informed by a
citizen of Phoenix, who said he knew
Roberts well, but whose name is with
held, that he had seen and talked withS
the man here.
Sheriff Montgomery said that his in
formant said there could be no mis
take in the identity of Roberts, as
he had been acquainted with him for i
many years. Roberts, the sheriff's in
formant is reported to have said, had
been a street car conductor in Los
Angeles. '
Officers working on the case here
believe today's disclosure throws an
entirely new light on the hunt for the
missing man. Yesterday it was re
potted that Roberts had entered Mex
ico, then had doubled, on his tracks, j
and, after returning to the American
sida cf the boundary line, was headed I
Now, say the officers, the positive i
statement of the- Phoenix man that
Roberts had been here recently, gives j
mem tneir tirst direct lecd, it being
possible, they believe, that he still
may be in hiding in or near this
city.
AUTOS MUST HAVE LICENSES
iHy Review Leasi-d Wire)
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 30. February
first, next Saturday, all automobiles in
Arizona must have the 1919 licenses,
or lay their owners or drivers open
to the probability of arrest. This an
nouncement was made today by the
license department of the secretary of
state's office.
Officials of the department .said
that, through the increased facilities
of the office 15,000 licenses had been I
issued this month and that more than
5100.000 had been received in fees. It
is estimated that the total number of
automobiles in the state is elose to
30,000 or twice the number for which
licenses have been asked.
TO PREVENT CATTLE STEALING
By Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. CO The state
livestock sanitary board is preparing
a bill to submit to the legislature
which is intended to check cattle
thieving.
The measure will provide thatihe
board or one of its inspectors must be j
notified of intention to kill meat ani-!
mals and the animals inspected lie lure ;
killing. This, it is expected by the ;
frainers of the bill, will ;o a long way
towards preventing thieves slaughter-!
ing raue cuttle and disposing of the
meat The bill would invest meat so
obtained with the status of stolen ;
property and would place tile burden'
of proof on persons fouud in posses- '
tin of hir;-e inutititK o of doul'tt'ul .
origiu.
vote killed the employment agency
tax bill was lengthy and lively.
"Of course there are honest men
in the private employment agency
business." said Delbridge of Cochise,
" but, on the other hand, I know from
my own experience that numbers of
them are contemptible characters,
cheating the laborer and barring
Americans from jobs which they fill
with foreigners who cannot speak the
English language. I see absolutely no
necessity for private employment
agencies now that the federal govern
ment has established its free hiring
bureaus, and further. I know that
strong influence is being brought to
bear to kill this federal movement."
Besides Representative Delbridge
there w.ere ranged back, of Mrs. Mc
Kay in support of her measure. Eddy
of Yuma and Vyne of Yavapai, both
of whom cited personal experiences
with employment agencies as argu
ments in favor of the measure.
Barrows of Maricopa, recalling that
Mrs. .McKay had stated her bill would
result in wiping out the private em
ployment agencies, questioned the
constitutionality of the measure' on
this'giound. It was his opinion that
such a proposal savored of class leg
islation aud he would prefer to en
compass the agencies wnn restrictions
v.ach would guarantee their conduct,
raiher than to deliberately pass a
law which it was believed would end
their existence.
St; rk of Coconino believed the free
government employment agencies
eventually would accomplish the pur
pose aimed at and stated it as his
opinion that once the federal bureaus
wer we'l under way the private com
petitors would be forced to quit.
Kimball of Pima did not believe in
leg:V.tir.g to kill any line of business
whose basic principles were recog
nized as legitimate. He said:
If these agencies are the evil
things they are claimed to be. their
own practices eventually will kill
them in competition with -the govern
ment's free bureaus."
Galbraith of Maricopa saw in the
proposed lav a danger of the working
man being gouged .even more in the
future than in the past.
Little of Greenlee called on per
sonal f experience to prove the useful
ness sometimes of the private em
ployment agency.
Cn account of the illness of Speak
er Peterson, who introduced the edu
cational code bill, that measure was
put over lor one week.
NEED POSITIONS FOR
HOMECOMING SOLDIERS
By Review Leased Wire
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 30. Maj. G.
W. Jones, associate field director of
the American Red Cross home service,
stated today the increasing flood of
homecoming soldiers to Arizona was
creating a problem which would need
immediate and expert attention.
Major Jones said: "In Arizona the
situation had been well in hand up till
a few weeks ago, but the influx of re
turning soldiers and sailors is increas
ing and the situation demands a
speedy remedy."
Major Jones said that national de
mobilization was 3 per cent complet
ed, with the machinery speeding the
work of releasing the men from serv
ice with the colors.
MOTOR REGULATION
!: Review leased Vire
PHOENIX. Ariz., Jan. So All motor
vehicles operating for hire would be
brought directly under the jurisdiction
of t the state corporation commission
by a bill being framed by that body
for presentation to the legislature.
The bill would require all persons or
firms desiring to operate motor lines
for passengers or freight to apply for
and obtain a certificate of convenience
and necessity from the corporation
commission, and would enable the
commission to set all rates and other
wise to supervise and regulate the mo
tor lines.
POSITIONS FOR SOLDIERS.
t!?y Roview Leased Wiie
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Jan. 3". The
state council of" defense todav re
ceded u communication from Secre
tary of War Baker' asking that all in
formation regarding positions avail
able for returning soldiers and sailors
be given to the" federal employment
director in t'ais state. Timothy J.
Croiiff. who has headquarters here.
The secretary of war suggested that
the data called for should go into
detail thoroughly, designating the
types of men wanted and the nature
of the positions open.
It also was requested that the
state council use its influence to pre
vail upon the state, counties and
cities to expedite all public work
which can be Marled. Special atten
tion is called to the fact that school
house construction had been, neglected
during the period of the war and that
this (hiss of btiihlin should be re
sumed as soon a.s iossib!e.
MRS. CAMPBELL LEADS WOMEN
il'v K-vicw l.asit Win)
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Jan. .".0. Mrs.
Thomas E. Campbell, wife of Arizona's
goernor. has accepted the city chair
manship for women in tho united
drive fur funds for relief in the near
cat. which will begin February Jo
and close one week later. This an
nouncement was made today at relief
hcadii u tt is by Sidney J. i'o-s. v. vx
MiUM ir !!(- iihe! committee lei Mari
copa county.
SENATOR DEVINBjH.
iimm n diicu umnifi0F MlfHSB DRIVES
WOULD RUSH WOM fob newspaper fund
ON PROPOSED DAM;
I By Review Leased Wire)
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 30. Senator
Devine of Pinal made a strong bid
for the construction cf the long defer
red Gila River storage dam, when he
introduced in Lie senate today a mem
orial to the United States congress
urging that an eaily start be made on
the project.
In pressing for construction of the
stcr.ige dam near the San Carlos In
dian agency, the memorial asserted
that i's completion would result in
reclaiming lands which would support
40.000 j.ecple. or 8000 families of five
members each.
Further, the memorial calls to the
attention of congress the tact that
the initiation of work on this project
would provide work for hundreds of
men who. otherwise, might be forced
into the ranks of the unemployed
owing to post-war slackening of in
dustry
It is urged that money already ap
propriated for the work be used to
make a start on the dam and that
what further funds are needed be
added to carry out the plans outlined
by the geological survey of 1909.
SHEEP MAN HELD
FOR FATAL PLAY
(Bv Review- Leased Wirei
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 30. J. D.
Nevnian of Flagstaff and Winslow.
Ariz., is being held here tonight, al
though no warrant hss been issued
against him, following the killing of
Frank Hoctor of Springerville. Ariz..
on the desert ten miles southeast of
Hot Springs Junction. Both men are
prominent and wealthy sheep owners.
Shortly after the shooting, Newman
drove his automobile into U'.endale,
bringing Hoctor's body, and gave him
self up to the police.
Newman's statement, as given out
l.y the xolice, was to the effect that
the two men. driving their automo
biles in different directions, met
southeast of Hot Springs Junction and
that Hoctor began firing on sight.
Newman, according to the police, re
turned the lire, twro bullets lodging in
Hoctor's body, but not killing him
outright, after which Newman took
the wounded man into his own
automobile and started for Glendale.
Hoctor died on the way and. accord
ing to Newman, refused to make any
statement or send any message to
his wife, who is prostrated as a re
sult cf the affray.
Newman, say the police, admitted
having had words witn Hoctor last
April over some sheep, but that siuce
then the two men had not met, alone,
face to face, till today on the desert
road.
. The police were not able to locate
the gun with which Newman declared
the dead man opened fire.
Newman is 54 years of age and has
lived in Arizona for 40 years, while
Hoctor was a man of about 35 years.
DEIOT SAYS HE
i By Review Leased Wire
SALT LAKE CITY. Utah. Jan. SO.
"Jess Willard is a big man and he is
a good fighter, but I think 1 can whip
him." said Jack Dempsey, potential
opponent of Willard. who arrived i't
Salt Lake City tonight for a visit with
his mother. "I can get ready to fight
most any time, lt is up to my man
ager. Whenever he signs articles for
me to tiuht I can begin to get ready."
Dempsey hurt his hand slightly, he
CAN
WHIP
CHAMP
said tonight, w hen he knocked out i against the plan promised to recon
"Ki" Henry at Easion, Pa.x recently. I suier it.
He expects to leave here for Pitts ! Citing conditions in New York,
burgh early next week. I where he said there were 5uhh lvsi-
j dent soldiers, ar.d reports from Chi-
ZBYSZKO DEFEATS HENDERSON j cago that 10t.in discharged negro
I troops were drifting into the city from
-v,,,y K"vi,'w Wire middle west camps. Mr. Knricht de-
, . ? C1TY- Mo- Jan- clared it would be better for the sol-
vwuuch. .uxszko won irom at on lien-
aerson m a wrestling bout here to
night on two straight falls, the first
un arm scissors in IS minutes and 1
second, and the second, a head-scissors,
in ! minutes and 3 seconds.
DE PALM A SETS RECORD
t Bv Review Leased Wire)
DAYTONA. Kla.. Jan. So. Driving
an automobile equipped with an air
plane motor. Ralph le Palma made
135 miles an hour today at Daytona
Beach speedway. De Palma was test
ing a machine with which next week
he will undertake to break the record
of 14-' miles an hour set by Bob Bur
man in 1H11.
TURKISH CABINET RESIGNS
I Bv Review l,.-ast Win-)
CONSTANTINOPLE. Jan. SO.
(Havas.l As a result of the protests
of the allied powers against the spolia
tion of Greeks and Armenians, the
Turkish cabinet has resigned.
I PADEREWSKI PROTESTS
i Bv K-vt'w Le.i-d Wire)
I PARIS. Wednesday. Jan. L".i. Prc
jiuicr Paderewski of Poland, according
ito a dispatch from Cracow, has pro
tested to the Cze ho-Slov ak govcrn-l'iu-nt
ag.Diis! the invasion of Siloia
'oy Czcclio-Sloak troops.
PHOENIX. Jan. SO. Ari.sona mer
chants will be relieved of the brunt
of raising $130.100 in this state for
relief in the near east, according to
a statement issued today by David
Goldberg, state chairman of the re
lief committee. He said:
"A separate advertising fund has
been created and this will be appor
tioned among the newspapers of Ari
zona, both daily and weekly publica
tions, thus doing away with the prac
tice which has been in vogue in pre
vious campaigns of this character, that
cf seeking donations of space from ad
vertisers. Under that system mer
chants were hit twice. first, for a
donation of space, representing ac
tual cash vaiue totalling many thou
sands, and second, for a contribution
or subscription in direct fo:m.
"Such a practice is manifestly un
fair to the merchant and it was with
the idea of more equitably distributing
the burden of raising funds that our
committee presented a plan to the na
tional organization calling for a di
rect appropriation to carry advertising
expenses in this state. This plan was
given hearty endorsement and the
funds are now in the hands of the com
mittee.
"Another advantage, of course, will
be that soliciting committees will be
given an open and unrestricted range
of operation. . Solicitors will feel free
to visit every business house and it is
expected that in view of the business
principles adopted in carrying out the
advertising plans, they will find mer
chants ready and willing to d their
share in this great humanitarian work
which now lies before us.
"A strong state organization has
been perfected, with ramifications
which reach into every county, every
town and every rural community of
the state. Thousands of posters are
now being distributed and with in
structions going out with every mail
to all our workers, and with letters
coming in every day indicating a real
and heartfelt iuterest among all class
es, everything points to a most suc
cessful campaign during the week of
February 10-17.'
DRAFT ROAD MEASURES.
(By Review l.casl Wire I
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 30. The
senate and house go-.'d roads commit
tees v.tnt into session today with the
committee- from the Arizona good
roads convention, consisting cn" Gus
tav Becker. Dwigiu B. Heard and
Harry Welsh. Members of the legis
lative committee said that it was
agreed that all the pending road
measures should be given a hearing
nd out of theui a bill drafted lo meet
the demands of the state for a com
prehensive highway program.
i TRANSPORTS BRING
MANY YANKS HOME
(Continued from Page One)
York February S with the Fourth
coast artillery complete, a detachment
of 55 Ohio men from the 164th
Field Artillery and 143 casual offic
ers. The Metapan is scheduled to arrive
at New York February 12 with a de
tachment of base hospital No. 2, com
posed of Jlhree officers and 111
nurses.
Tho Espagne. which is to arrive at
New York February S. has one "casual
company each from Pennsylvania.
New York and Illinois.
NEW DEMOBILIZATION PLAN
tB- Review Leased Wii-el
NEW YORK. Jan. 30 A plan to de
mobilize soldiers through local draft
boards instead of discharging them di
rect from camps, is being considered
by the war department, according to
Police Commissioner Enright. who
made public today details of inter
views he has had with Secretary of
War Baker and Provost Marshal Gen
eral Crowder.
The proposed new system, the com
missioner said, met with the approval
of General Crowder. while Secretary
Baker, who preiously had decided
diers. their rclaties
diers. their rclaties and the larger
cities if they were mustered out in
their home communities. Under the
present system, he said, the men. with
their final pay in tbeir HH-kets. large
ly go from the demobilization camps
to nearby cities where thoy are often
"stranded" through spending or losing
their ready cash. For economic, moral
and financial reasons, he added, he
had urged the federal officials to scial
the released soldiers home.
INFLUENZA HALTS DISCHARGE
Bv Review- Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 30 Because of
the prevalence of influenza and pneu
monia in virulent form at Camp Mc
Clelland. Alabama. Surgeon General
Ireland has rooommouded that no
more troops be s-or.t there for de-
j mcbili.-ttion until conditions improve.
The army health report for the week
! ended January -4. made public today.
showed 74 cases of pneumonia with 3'J
deaths ill a total stroiuth of nlmut Itv
roo men. and it cases of influen.a.
Outside of Camp MeClellan and
jCauip Hancock. Georgia, health comii
j lions in the army camps were reported
i good Camps in (he south and south
west had relatively hi;U increase of
influenza and pneumonia as tomparcd
with camps in the north and north
west. For all camps. hovecr. there
w;i a decline in both dMaes itin
patd with the week be lore.
COMMISSI! WILL
PROBE BOOKS OF
TWO OIL OUTFITS
tBv Review Leased Wirei
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Jan. 30 The state
corporation commission in executive
session late tod.iy initiated proceed
ings pointing towards j.he investiga
tion of oil companies whose stock has
been sold throughout the state of Ari
zona. The two companies are the
United Chiuo Oil & Refining company
and the Arizona Oil & Refining com
pany. Chairman A. A. Betts of the commis
sion said that it was too early to fore
cast what course would be taken since
the United Chino was in the hands of
a receiver and an opinion on just what
coald be done in that case had been
asked from Attorney General Wiley
Jones. Both companies, it was said,
had been thoroughly discussed in the
executive session but any action in the
matter of the Arizona Oil & Refining
company was delayed pending the at
torney general's pronouncement re
garding the United Chino. as it was
felt botjj should be investigated to
gether. Mr. Betts said that numerous com
plaints concerning the companies ope
rations had been received from differ
ent sections of the state and from
beyond the boundaries of Arizona, al
leging irregularities in the conduct of
the companies' affairs. .
With regard to the investigation,
Mr. Betts said:
"If in the course of our inquiry we
find facts to justify such action, we
will recommend that criminal proceed
ings be taken against any person or
persons who may have been guilty of
any irregularities in the conduct of the
business of these companies.
Corporation Commissioner David F.
Johnson, formerly treasurer of the
state of Arizona, w as. during a portion
of his term in that office, treasurer of
the Arizona Oil & Refining company.
Mr. Betts said, follow ing the session
of the commission late today, that he
expected to have the attorney gen
erals opinion on the commission's
powers w ith regard to the United Chi
no tomorrow and if it was complete
there would be no delay in putting the
investigation under way.
PHOENIX WEATHER
PHOENIX. Ariz, Jan. 30 Weath
er: H;s;h, 71; low. 44: no rain.
THOSE SHOE BILLS!
Mr. John Held, merchant, of Salt
Lake City, keeps an exact record of the
shoes he wears. He writes. "Two
pairs of Neolin Solos have worn for
ir.e 19 months and I am on my feet
ninety per cent of the time."
This is not an extraordinary exam
ple of the money-sr.vmg service th.it
rvopi.e got lrom Neoliu Solos. It is
typical of tho experience millions ari
havirvcr. Those soles do wear a very
I time and so help you keep shoe
hills down. They arc scientifically
made so thoy must wear.
G?t Neolin-solod shoos at almost
any gcxl shoe store. Got them for
your whole family in the stylos you
preier. And have these cit-sving
soles put on your worn shoes. They
are very comfortable and waterproof
as well as durable. They are made bv
The Goxiyear Tiro & KuNxt Com
iv.ny. Akron. Ohio, who also make
Wine. foot Heels, guaranteed to out
wear any other heels.
Heolm Soles
it makes a whole lot of differ
ence vh;t kind of lumber you
um. If the lumber is to come
from us, you can figure on
quantities much closer than if
you don't Specify us. There
is no waste to our lumber. It
can be used to the last inch.
If your plans are as right as
our lumber your building will
be a dandy.
Bisbee Lumber Co
(Incorporated)
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
Lowell Car Stop. PI
tone ,3
RLVIF.VV WANT ADS
BRING RLSULTS
THEM
DOWN
In Preparing
Specifications.; THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1919.
FIVE
i
I
I
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent per word for each
issue, with a minimum charge of 5 cents. Advertisements must reach
The Review office not later than S p. m. for insertion the next morning.
Male Help Wanted
MALE HELP WANTED (Discharged
soldiers preferred). Bright, ener-
Eetic voune man with sellinsr ability
, . . .
"
letter, giving experience, etc. Oood
position for right man.
view.
Box 100, Re-
23
MINE FOREMAN WANTED By
Tigre Mining company in northern
Sonora. Salary $20u per month.
Must speak some Spanish and thor -
oughly understand machine drilling.
Apply Brophy Bldg., Douglas, Ariz.
240
Female Help Wanted
V. a:.TED House maid. Phone 37. 225
.A.'iED Waitress at Copper Queen
.....el.
For Sale
FOR SALE The old Baptist church
on ciawson mil. concrete building,
45x45 feet. Will make ideal place for
boarding bouse or can be put into
apartments. Will pay 16 per cent
on Investment. Call phone S29, or
see H. C. Compton, the pastor, or
Dr. W. G. Bryan. 232
FOR SALE Quarter oak sideboard,
genuine leather couch and library t
table. Bargain. 236 School hilL 242 !
FOR SALE Rugs, library table, chair
and dress-form. Mrs. McBryde.
Moore flats, SI School hill. 234
FOR SALE) Furniture in 30 rooms
with the privilege of a two or three
years' lease on property. Bert Clem
ent, 71 Brewery Gulch. Phone Red
604. 226
FOR SALE Furniture for four rooms,
and 11 laying pullets. House for
rent. See G. M. Carlisle, first house
south old school. Warren. 215
FOR SALE Furniture for four rooms
and 11 laying pullets. . House for
rent. See G. M. Carlisle, first house
south old school, Warren. 214
FOR SALE! In Warren, ioux rooms
and bath, lot 40x80. Part cash, bal
ance less than $15 per month. Will
take cash. Liberty bonds or paper
your bank will say is good. Not a
fancy place, but a good comfortable
home for an investment of less than
J1S00. Box ES4, Warren. 196
FOR SALE Furniture of four room
house and two room cabin. Privilege
of renting house. 30 Upper Lowell.
200
FOR SALE 10 to 320 acres land, l.
miles from Bisbee. Will sell at a
reasonable price. Box 217, Bisbee.
203
FOR SALE OR TRADE In good con
dition, Maxwell roadster for Ford
truck. 35 Jiggerviile. 198
FOR SALE High breed Holstein and
Jersey milk cows, all fresh. Can see
same at South Bisbee, inquire for
Sam Thurman. 194
FOR SALE $250 cash cr bonds, buys
practically new modern four-room
house and bath, two lots, good yard
and outbuildings, Warren. Call Red
743. 158
FOR SALE Ford, perfect A-l condi
tion. Liberty bonds and stamps ac
cepted. Brooks Garage, O. K.
street. 150
FOR SALE A Lozier car. cost $2S0O.
Sale cheap. 143 Opera Drive, John.
Nieolich. 154
FOR SALE Sixteen room rooming
house, completely furnished- Apply
Hogan & Seed. Phone 10. 125
FOR SALE Ford touring car, A-l con
dition, cheap. At Ford Garage, John
son addition. 60
FOR SALE Will sell my household
goods, five rooms complete, fumed
oak and of A-l quality, if taken as
they stand. Buyer has privilege of
renting house, one of best in city
and very desirable location, garage
with house. Address, G. E. N, care
Review. uh.-if
FOR SALE Two lots on Oregon
street, one on Chicago avenue, Lo
well, Johnson addition, each 30x60
feet. Address M. J. Greenan, Oak
land, Calif, General delivery. S75
FOR SALE Uncalled for suits. M.
Levin, Lowell, Ariz. 537
Wanted
WANTEI Plain sewing. Mrs. Eliza
beth Hogan, 115 Quarry canyon. 217
WANTED Either furnished or unfur
nished house. Address, "G.," care
Review. dh-tf
WANTED Bicycle cr tires. P, Re
view. 2j6
Miscellaneous
GENERAL AUCTIONEER Bisbee,
Warren district and Cochise county.
Can sell your furniture In your
house or your merchandise in your
place of business to your advantage.
U' years experience. Reference,
Bank or Bislxje. Phone 257, P. O.
Box 1737. Office and residence over
Uncle Jim's, Brewery Gulch. J. A.
Kinney, nr.. Auctioneer. 193
GOS3ARD CORSETS FOR SALE
From $2 up. All corsets carc-rully
fitted. Ines Warburton, next Ari
zona Grocery store, upper Main. 433
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. School. Los
Angeles," aboU Auto, Radio. Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train for service. rJS
SCECOND HAND CLOTHES Bought.
Phone 733. City Dye Works. 604
For Rent
FOR RENT Two furnished
221 Brophy avenue.
rooms.
247
i : :
run kl.m i wo, live ana six room.
: f.iT-nithH f t I.T ; 1
I Don Luis.
; FOR RENT Two room house with
sleeping porch, furnished. Mrs. Win
wood, Win wood addition. 235
! for RENT Three room house and
j screened porch, partly furnished
john Wohlschlegel, Opera Drive.
035
1
- i FOR RENT Four room house. Apply
! N. C. McRae, South Bisbee. 237
! FOR RENT Two clean rooms, $9 per
month. Car line, 10 minutes to post
office. Suitable for one or two per
sons housekeeping. Renter take over
furniture. $30. B. D., Review. 23S
FOR RENT Furnished apartment in
cement block house back of EH Paso
house. Lights and water furnished.
241
FOR RENT Two or four nicely furn
ished housekeeping rooms. 12 Jig
gerville. 207
i FOR RENT Three furnished rooms
for light housekeeping. 56 Upper
Lowell, across second track from
depot. 233
FOR RENT Two furnished front
i rooms for light housekeeping. Stag
j club. 24S
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
with bath. 41 Johnson addition.
! Cement house. 230
FOR RENT Two rooms partly furn
! ished. 1S7 Naco road, Holbrook
! stop. 221
FOR RENT Large furnished house
; keeping, sleeping or batching rooms.
Customs House. 222
FOR RENT Housekeeping room. 56
j Lpper Lowell, across from Lowell
; depot. 199
. FOR RENT Three furnished rooms.
' No children. Garrity house, Jones
J hilL 203
FOR RENT In Highland park, ?20,
garage $2.50, cozy three-room bunga
low, partly furnished, electric lights
and spring water free. Apply J. A.
Finney, Sr phone 257, care Uncle
Jim's, Brewery Gulch. 192
FOR RENT Garage. Dr. Teufert.
Tombstone canyon, end ccr line. 160
; FOR RENT Seven room unfurnished 1
1 1 - . ., ... !
iiuuse, .avajo iraii, arren. liogan
& Seed. Phone 10. 129
FOR RENT Rooms, at Mrs. Ross, S3
Jiggerviile. 143
FOR RENT Garage, $5 month. Ap
ply David Playfair, 9S Mason hill.
Phone Blue 647. 97
FOR RENT Large office room, good
location. Apply to M. C. High, real
estate. Office, Allen block. 575
Lost
LOST Between Central theater and
Lowell school, fur. Return to Forum
cafe, Lowell, and receive reward.
24C
LOST Silver pocketbook, Clawson
hill, Tuesday evening. Finder -please
return to Bisbee Review. Can retain
contents. 224
Agents Wanted
AGENTS WANTED Make money by
selling an article that sells itself.
Box X, Review. 244
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per
sonal note to salaried men and wo
men, also on furniture. Cox Loan
company. Room 7, Sparks Kline
building. 166
Legal Notices.
ORDINANCE 224
AN ORDINANCE ESTABLISHING
THE GRADE LINES OF CERTAIN
STREETS. AND PORTIONS
THEREOF, WITHIN THE CITY OF
BISgEE. ARIZONA.
BE IT ORDAINED by the Mayor
and Common Council of the City of
Bisbee :
Section 1. That the grade of the cen
ter line of Main Street, ia the City or
Bisbee, Arizona, is hereby established,
and hereafter shall be as follows:
Commencing at a point from which
the Southwest corner of the Fair
Building bcar3 North 46' 53' E. 43.23
feet: the Northwest corner of the An
guis Building bears S. 76 17' E. 32.44
feet: the Southeast corner of the
Jacks Building bears North 52' 02'
W. 20 feet: the elevation of which
rknint ic . 1 r. ... r ... . . .
. the United States Geological Survey
Bench Mark, on the Southwest cor
ner of the Phelps-Dodge Mercantile
Company's Store Buildinc. in the Citv
id Bisbee; thence in an easterly. direc
! tion cn a minus grade cf ZHc for 162
Ifeet. at which point the elevation is
j5.3'C31 ffMt ; thenre on a minus grade
jof 2.&r,"r for 234 feet, at which point
i the elevation is 5.296.4 feet,
i Sec. 2. Ttiat the grade of a portion
J of Tc-vir stone Canyon, in the City of
i Biabce, Arizona, is hereby established.
and hereafter shail be as follows:
Commencing at a point numbered 1.
from which corner number 3 of the
Horse Shoe Mining Claim, in the War
ren Mining Iiirtrirt bears North 40
14' W. l!u. feet, the elevation of
which point is 5.GVJ feet, this elcva
Jtion Wing determined from the United
States GcologWal Survey Bench Mark,
jat the Southwest corner of the Fhelpo-
Dodge Mercantile Company's Store, in
the City of Bisbee: Thence South 851
1 322 ' W. 199.06 feet, ou a rising grade
ot .47c, at which point the elevation
is 5,701.4 feet: Commencing at ccr-
ner nilTTlhprprt 1 thence in a Vrn-fV..
easteily direction on a. minus grade of
b.w,c ior 1,696 feet, to a point num
bered 2, at which point the elevation
is 5,565.65 feet: thence on a minus
grade of 3.677c for 239.8 feet, at which
point numbered 3, the elevation is
5,554.65 feet: thence on a minus grade
of 3.65ri- for 199.S feet, at which point
numbered 4, the elevation is 5.547.36
feet: thence on a minus grade of
i.aVo ior ieet, at which point - 8 11VJ'"' !"-"u
numbered 5," the elevation is 5,532.42 ' 1 dv"rsft statements cf earnings,
feet: thence on a minus grade of I oiIs a, d shippings contributed
4.15Tc for 199.S feet, at which point . nieasureably to the activity and firm
numbered 6 the elevation is 5,524.13 : liess t f tl, trenoon, but gave way
feet:, thence on a minus grade 0f ,ater- Mexican Fetroleum reacting
2.70r,'c for 199.9 feet: at which point ovtr Pc-nts and Marine preferred
numbered 7, the elevation is 5.51S.73 j almst s much.
feet; thence on a minus grade of I Motors and their subsidiaries fea
3.52 for 599.6 feet, at which point j tured the mid-session and final hour,
numbered 8, the elevation is 5,497.63 ' H'de and Leather preferred denoted
feet: thence on a minus grade of 1 further accumulation and tobaccos
3.95;e for 399.7 feet, at which point i il"i copners were intermittently
numbered 9, the elevation is 5.4S1.S4 ' strong. Sales amounted to 435.000
feet: thence on a minus grade oti shares.
3.319i for 39S.8 feet, at which point 1 The domestic bond list was steady
numbered 10, the elevation is 5.46S.64 on Ujm tratMng. Liberty issues shad
feet: thence on a minus grade of in nominally. International bonds
2.66ci for 299.9 feet, at which point
numbered 11, the elevation is 5,460.66
feet; thence on a minus grade of
4.10 for 199.8 feet, at which point
numbered 12, the elevation is 5.452.47
feet: thence on a minus grade of
ZJZ0cc for 100 feet, at which point
numbered 13, the elevation is 5,449.27
feet, this grade is for the center line
of said road, as surveyed in Paving
Book No. 1, Pages 55-56 and 57, dated
January 10th, 1919, on file in the office
of the City Engineer.
Sec. 3. That the grade of the center
line of a portion of Brewery Avenue,
in the City of Bisbee, Arizona, is here
by established, and hereafter shall be
as follows: Commencing at a point
located on the center line of said Ave
nue, even with the North end line of
Lot 19, Block 2, the elevation of said
point being 5,297.39 feet, as deter
mined from the United States Geolo
gical Survey Bench Mark, on the
Southwest corner of the Phelps-Dodge
Mercantile Company's Store Building, j developed cfter an initial setback due
in the City of Bisbee, Arizona; thence I to misgivings which resulted from
on a rising grade of 3.41'f for 936.53 British import curbs on many new
feet; at which point th.e elevation is j commodities. This depressing in
5,329.33 feet; thence on a rising grade! fluent e, however, was soon more
of 3.57f for 900 feet, at which point (then xonnttrbalanced by the official
the elevation is 5,360.S3 feet: thence J denial that tne United States food ad
cn a rising grade of i.Zlc for 451.22 j ministration contemplated any resell
feet. at which point the elevation isiinsr of wheat at Ipss than the ma
c "? c . 1 ow r . . 1 .
o.oov.o icci . iucuic ou & rising graae
of 5.6":c for S9 feet, at which point the
elevation is 5.3S5.26 feet, for an accu
rate location of the center line of said
Avenue, reference is hereby made to
survey number 100, on file in the of
fice of the City Engineer. . "
Sec. 4. That the grade of Subway
Street, in the City of Bisbee, Arizona,
is hereby, established and hereafter
shall be as follows: Commencing atjAmn. Can 464
a point which is 11 feet from the
Southwest corner of Ixt 30 Block 4, in
the City of Bisbee, on a line connect-
ing the Southwest corner cf Lot 30,
Block 4, and the Southeast corner of
Lot 2, Block 6, the elevation of which
point is 5,309.70 feet, said elevation be-
ing determined from the United States
Geological Suivey Bench Mark, at the
Southwest corner of the Phelps-Dodge
Mercantile Company's Store Bunding,
in the City of Bisbee; thence on a
minus graae ot &.zr,c ior ieet,
feet For more complete information
reference is hereby made to a map in
the office of the City Engineer, en
titled "Map of Subway Street, in
Blocks 4-5 and 6. for paving purposes, ; Bench Mark cf the United States
dated January 9th. 1919." Geological Survey, at the Southwest
Sec. 5. That the grade of the i corner of the Phelps-Dodge Mercan
center line of a portion of Naco Road ' tile Company's Store Building in
in the City of Bisbee, Arizona, is here-! the City of Bisbee; thence on a ris
by established, and hereafter shall be ing grade cf 7.9TV for 199.3S feet,
as follows: Commencing at a! at which point the elevation" is
point, where the center line of Naco : 5,449. S5 feet; thence on a rising
Read intersects the East City limits, j grade of S.95;o for 39S.40 feet, at
the elevation of which point is ; which point the elevation Is 5.4S5.51
5,166.3 feet, the elevation being de-' feet; thence on a rising grade of
termined from the United States j 9 S6Tf for 172.15 feet, at which point
Geographiaal Survey. Bench Mark, the elevation is 5.502.4S feet,
at the Southwest corner of the Phelps-J Section 7. That the grade of th
Dolse Mercantile Company's Store 1 center line of a portion of O. K.
Building, in the City of Bisbee; I Street, in the City of Bisbee, Ari
thence on a rising grade of 5.407c , ' zona, is hereby estaolished, and
for 50 feet, at which point Ihe ele- hereafter shall be as follows: "
vation is 5.169 feet; thence ' Commencing at a point from which
on a rising grade or the Southeast corner of l.ot 1
5.90Cc fOi- 100 feet, at which point! Block 2, in the City of Bisbee, bears
the elevaiion is 5.174.9 feet: ; North 7- 40' W. 61.74 feet, which
I thence on a risinz grade of 4.40f;
for 50 feet, at which point the e!e a-!
tion is 5,177.-1 feet; thence on a rising!
grade cf irc for 50 feet, at which '
point the elevation is 5,177.6 feet; ;
thence on a rising grade of 0.3vc ror
10O feet, at which point the eleva-:
tion is &.1...9 feet; thence on a ris- building, in the City of Bisbee;
ing grade of 1.40r,f , for 50 feet, at thence on a rising grade of 9.6 for
which point the elevation is 5,173.6 : 89.54 feet, at which point the eleva
feet; thence on a rising grade of j tion is 5.305.26 feet; thence on a
2.S0rr for 50 feet, at which point the; "sing grade of 5.4r for 99.S6 feet;
elevation is 5.1S0 feet; thence on a at hich point the elevation is
rising grade of 3.07Cc fer 150 feet, ! 5.310.65 feet; thence on a level
at which point the elevation is 5.1S4.6 ; grade for 25 feet, at which point the
feet; thence on a rising grade of: elevation is 5.310.65 feet; thence on
7.20;, for 100 feet, at which point ! rising grade of 6.63f for 174.7
the elevation is 5.191.S feet; thence feet, at which point the elevation is
on a rising grade of Cr for 50 feet. C.322.23 feet; thence on a rising
at which point the elevation is;?lc of 5.2":'r for 299 6 fcrt. at
5.194. S feet; thence on a rising grade j which point the elevation is 5.337.S1
cf1.44rr for C9.6 feet, at which! foet: thence on a rising grade of
point the elevation is 5,:35 S feet; j S.47;.r for 33S.56 feet, at which point
thence on a rising grade cf 0.20r ! tl:e elevation is 5.371.57 feet, thence
for 14S7 feet, at which point thejOI! a rising grade of 10.47-: i for 29S.3j
elevation is 5.196.1 feet; thence ou-fc?t. "t which point the elevation is I
a rioinz srade of 1.527c for 250.4 j J.4:,2.S feet; ther.ce 0:1 a rising grade
tpet, at wiiich point the elevation isjof lSlv'c for r39S f?ct. at which
5,199.9 feet; thence on a rising i Pciut the elevation is 5.404.61 feet;
grade cf 2 6'c for 10 feet, at which ' thence on a risiug grade of !.57rr
point the elevation i- 5.2''2.5 loot:
thence on a risins grade of 4.SrV 1 elevaiion is 5.41S.C1 icet: thence on i
for .".0 feet, at whi.h point tjle eieva-'a rbin;: jrrade of 5.49CC for 99.S3
tion is 5.20 4.S feet. For more defi-iet. at which print the elevation is
nite infornuiivin reference -Is hereby i 5.4 2u. 79 feet.
male to a nn;i on file In. the office. Section 8. All ordinances, andj
of the City Ensineer. entitled "Pre-. parts of ordinances, ia conflict witht
lir.iinary I'r.iliie Naco RoaJ." ! the provi.-i-tns hereof, are hereby re-'
Section . That the rade of a por-1 pealed. 1
tion of the Quarry Canyon Road, in I Stv-tii n 9. This orJinanee phalli
the Citv cf Bisbee. Arizona, is hereby (take ei'foit. aaJ lie in force from and I
established, and hereafter thall be after its passage, approval and pub-'
as follows: t ommencms: in tiio
'center of said road, at a iint which
; is North 60 V. 7 feet from the
j Southwest corner of the crounds ofj
jthe l.oretta School, at which point
the elevation is .".4"I1 feet, tliisj
1 elevation beiui; determined iroui thei
i
'
mnihg
II
!'
NEW YORK. Jan. 30. Pools and
crUer professional interests resumed
their bullish activity in stocks today,
Analysis of the United Slates Steel's
quarterly statement was productive
of considerable short covering in that
and sttfiliated shares.
The lack of interest of rails to
' wlllch Ttas & Pacific was the strik-
v.-ere devoid cf feature Paris 6s for
feiting their fractional rise. Total
sales, par alue. aggregated $11,225.
CO0. Old United States were un
changed on call.
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 30. Lead Un
changed; spi-t unchanged.
Spelter Unchanged; spot un
changed GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Jan. 30. Evidence that
Argentine c?rn was difficu't to pur
chase and 1 .inters that the entente
alMes would abnndon efforts for a
c real uj.T?cn-ent viih Arsr.ntina did
a pood deal tt 'lay t- lift tlu corn mar
ket here. Prices closed strong, 2V
1. 4;i n hih- r. with May $1.20i
to $1.208 aud July $1.17 to $1.174.
Oats gained to 17. In provisions
the outcome was unchanged to 50c
lower Strenrth in tha corn market
- -
antecd basis. For the rest of the
day, bulls ruled the market
Cats paralleled the action of corn.
Srpport for provisions was absent
except on declines.
Closing quotations January 29, 1919.
(L-
J. Overlook, Broker)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda
59'
! Amn Tar
S9
5S
112
66;
59
Amn. Loco
Amn. Smelters
Ann. Sugar
Baldwin
Beth It.
j c. & O. . . . . . . .
c ym & 1. . . . . .
1 Central Leather
Crucible
mi. tmra
354
59
53i
54
! Erie 1
5 v
fiooilrii-h
60 a
General Motors 1234
Ind. Alcohol 103
Lackawanna
Marito
632
23
' point is on the center line of O. K.
Street, at an elevation of 5,295.71
feet, this elevation being determined
from the United States Geological
Survey Bench Mark, located at the
. oouthwest corner of the Thelps
uou.ae Mercantile
Company's Store
i l3r 203.7 feet, at which
point the!
lkaticsi
Parsed. ;ulopt
d ami approved.
e -1st
ATTEST
day of Jauuarv. 1315.
JACOIl EUECKSON.
Mavor.
M L. LI TLER.
City Clerk.
and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
Marine pfd 9SH
! Midvale
41
16S7i
50
73
7SVi
115H
37
9S
35i
1914
127i
43H
36i
41
S5
424
35
12
17i
60
430
52H
337s
17T&
76
44
23
5i
75
45
33
90
24
52
3
16T&
10i
34
50
13
59
20 Vb
12
o
45
S
90
16
4S
s
-
14
164
6
1'4
7V4
5
12
17
j Mexican Petroleum
Studebaker
N Y P
Reading
Steel pfd
St. Paul
Southern Pacific
Sinclair Oil
Texas Oil
Union Pacific
XT S
United Motors .......
Westinghouse
BOSTON.
Adventure
Allouez
Alaska
Az. Coml. . . .
Butte
C. & A.
C & H
C. Range
Chino
Chile
El Butte
Granby .
G. Can.
Goldfield
Hancock .
Indiana
Inspiration
Kennecott
Keweenaw
Miami
Mohawk
Mayflower
Nevada
N. Butte
Old Doni
Osceola
Pond Ck;
Quincy
Ray Cons
Shattuck
Shannon .
St. Marys
Utah Copper
Winona
CURBS.
A. & A
Ariz. Bing
Ariz. Sil. King
Bid Ledge
Butte & London
Cal. & Jer.
Cornelia
Cons. Copper ,
Cons. Ariz
Cosden
Cresson ,
Curtiss
Denn ,
Dundee 100
Emma
Federal Oil
Gadsden ...
Green Monster ..
Grand Island ....
Hull
Howe Sound
Iron Caps ,
J. Verde
Magma Copper- ..
Magma Chief
Miami Con
Mines of America
Okmulgee
5
3
?i
32
40
4
15fc
2S
10
SO
172
S5
4U
t Porphyry
Ray Here,
Tom -Reed ....
Tuolomne
U. Eastern
Verde Ex
Verde Conibn.
West End
Wol. Ariz.
Wright Martin
4
lVi
hi
OATMAN.
(By Collins & Bretherton.)
Argo 06
Adams 02
Arizona Rex
Ariz-Tom R. 03
Big Jim Con 06
Boundary Cone
Gold Ore 03
Gold Road Bon 02
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 03
Sunnyside 06
Telluride 10
United Eastern 1.73
United Western 02
Red Lion
OTHER CURBS.
Gadsden 2.S7
Green Monster 37
Butte London ' 12
Dundee S7
Venture Hill 02
Jerome Verde 37
Ark-Arizona 15
.03
.15
.07
.02
.04
.03
.15
.04
.12
1.74
.04
.20
3.00
.44
.13
1.00
.04
.44
.IS
.12
.40
.25
2.00
.75
.10
1.50
.32
.50
.40
Ins-Needles ..
Hull Copper
.06
;V Yaiei
.12
1.S7
.70
.05
i uiv-.-rizuua
Verde Combination
Miami Consolidated
Night Hawk
Grand Island 30
Verde Squaw
Nacozarl Consolidated
Con. Cop. Mines. 5.75
Porphyry 50
Cal. Jerome .44
Feather River
6.00 j
.80;
.50
.12
COUGHS AND GOLDS
QUICKLY RELIEVED
Dr. KinA'sNewDiscovsn'used
since Urant vma President
Get a bottls today
It d:j It far j-cur cand na, fr -our
fithcr. l or fifty years this well-known
co-jh and cold remedy has kept an
cvrrnrowir-s zrxay of frientls, young
and c'd.
For half a century druggists etrj--where
have sold it. Put a bottle in
your medicine cabinet. Ycu may need
it ia a hurry. SolJ by drugjisU
everywhere. v 60c and ?1-J.
Borvcls Acting Properly?
Tli c-y ought to, for constipation
maca tne body retain waste nttcra
and impurities tht undermine tNi
health and play ha-ocwith the entire
eystorn. 1. lens's Nev. Life Piila are
rrlnl le and mild ia aaiaa, Ail
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the es
sential facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place ot
gathering will be found under their respective headings in these columns.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
1
Meets every Friday
night. Moose HaU.
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
R. L GLEASON.
Dictator.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows' Hall
Subway street, at 7: SO o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially Invited to attend.
HaU phoue 119.
FRANK WEBSTER, N. G.
uKSTER EUSTACE, SecT.
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily- Teiunle No. S meet cin taa
and fourth Tuesday evening ot each
moum at uaa r enows Hail, visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
MINNIE BLUM. M. B C
Phone Black S5L"
IDA GLAZE. M. Of R. C.
Box 1476
WEEK ENDING FEBRUARY 1. 1919
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday 2nd Degree.
Thursday '
Red Cross and
Malta.
THOMAS HARGI3, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS. Sec"y F. & A. M.
W. R. BANKS. E. H. P.
N. C. BLEDSOE, T. I. M.
J. L. POWELL. E. a
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175, F. O.
E., meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, S p. m..
Eagles' Hall.
Visitors cor
d I a 1 1 y wel
come.
EDWIN OLLERENSILA.W. Pres.
F. C. FENDERSON. Secretarv.
C. 1 EDMUNDSON. Aerie Physician
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead S9!. meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medlgo
vich ball. Visiting Archers are cor
dially Invited.
F. W. TURNER, Foreman,
Phone Black 48S.
P. O. Box 9S1, Warren.
K. D. STINSON.
Correspondent, Box 1496.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADNAUGHT
U O. L. NO. ,210.
maets in X. O.
O. F. Hall first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
era cordially
invited to at
tend. WM. T. SMITHAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. a Pox 426. Bisbee.
CITY DYE WORKS
(leaning & Pressing
Phone 739.
Opp. Y. W. C A.
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc
Reliable House 1$ Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE BREWERY GULCH
CWto Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED C0E1FY
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
r
C H. HOGAN
, Office Below
Copper queen hotel
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Belov
COPER QUEEN HOTEL
C H. HOGAN
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
" ? '
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bone Lodge No
Knights of Pyttna
meets each Tuesdaj
' t except second) In Odd
FellrtTB Hall at
-tV.t
D m- Visiting brother
y cordially invited.
JACK CAIN, C. C.
W. E. McCALLUM. K. Of R. S
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISONV Exalter Ruler
C. W. HICKS, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m., Finnish halL
D. C. SAXBY, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
OROER OF EASTERN STAR
meets tn .Masonic Hah
Pearl Chapter, No. g. meets
In Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. HELENA RAGS DALE, W. M..
Phone SCO.
MRS. JESSIE SEVAN. SeCy, P. O
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Mets In I. O. O. P
Hall First and Third
Saturdays. V 1 s 1 1 to
brothers welcome.
J. L. BENTON. Councillor.
P. L. WOODMAN, Jr., Rec Secy.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
F. B.
Lodsre No.
5 452. meets the 3d
and 4th Satur
. dava Prh tnrmeh
y1 at 7:30 at New
HaU. Visiting members cordially in
vited, j
JULIA TOOLE. President.
Phone 2TS.
GEO. POOLE. Treas- P. a Box 2229.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camp No. 13416
Meets 1st Saturday
Medlgovlch HalL
S. T. MOSS. Consul.
L F. MATHEWSON
Clerk.
HENNESSY
I Undertaking Parlors
I PHONE 15. OK ST.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR -QUALITY AND SERVICE
A. OWERS, Mgr.. Bakervllle
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHONES 640 and 59.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
1
mk& Bisbee
XL"
i SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1919.
CIT Y BRIEFS
Kas any one visited you? Or have
you entertained? If so, call The
Review Society Editor, Black 6S1.
(CHECKER CHAMPION BACK.
i decree Bunker, checker champion
of the Warren district, who had been
in Missouri for a month visiting rela-: An Jrea, a.sed 15 years, had been
GIRL REPORTED MISSING. j
J. Martinez of Chihuahua hill re-'
ported to the police that his daughter, ;
lives, returned to Ui-sbee yesterday.
DOWLE PASSES THROUGH.
John Dowdie of Douglas, who had
missing from her home- for two days, j
i Sne has a sweetheart in Morenci
I the larher did not believe she
gone mere. He asked the aid of
terdav eu route home.
TO STATE CAPITAL.
I. W. Saddler left here last night
for rhoenix.
URORS ARE DISMISSED.
RETURNS TO BISBEE. . j A recess was taken by the superior
Mrs. Barker Woodman has returned ! "rt yesterday and jurors in attend-
bton ia Tombstone serving: oa the j and co'mty officers in locating her.
trial jary. passed through Bisbee yes-' She was described as bein of heavy
f)lR FROM G0LF EXPERT COMES
?H GASOLINE BORHS players of d strict
FRIENDS WORRIED BY
DERKIN'S ABSENCE
S o'clock p. in. The presence of every
member is earnestly requested, tia
metiers f vital ii.iortaJH" wil! come
up for action, besides doclion of of
ficers. 1C4
j build, rather short and dark in coni-; j s Keby. constable of Dousla
piexion.
from Phoenix.
1 acce were permitted to return
their homes until Mouday.
to
TO LOS ANGELES.
Dr. Georse A. Bridae departed Wed
nesday night for Los Angeies.
RECORDER HERE.
Ray B. Krebs. county recorder,
spent yesterday in the district on business.
AUTO AGENT HERE.
C. H. Etlruondsou. agent for Stude
baker automobiles at Cananea.. spent
Wedneesday in the city on business.
BURRIS IN NOGALES.
W. G. Burria. deputy internal rev
enue collector, left yestenfiy mornins
for Xogales on business.
BACK FROM NAVY.
George Stoitz, who has been serv
irt; ia the navy, arrived in the dis-
j "How's your same." is the pungent
query put to the golfing enthusiasts
DIES OF ASTHMA.
;prtc:nct. died yesterday afternoon at,of th' vVarrea district (Vnntv r!..i. hv
4:43 oYNx-k as a result of buitis ss-the sreens committee In a post card
. uiiKcu v.uiouay morning communication received yesterday.
T. W. Wollick. aged 1 years, died olisio with whhh he was trying toj The COmmittee then " informs" the
yesterday morning at 11 o'clock at 1 liht a fire, under the impression that j soitVrs that it has succeeded in secur
the St. Elmo hotel. The body now is; it wri kt rosette, exploded and set fire! Jn? the services of J. O. Wilson as golf
at the Palace Undertaking company's . to hi; eUubia at his home in Claw-: j,,tructor t. be here during February
morgue. Two daughters in Iowa have ; son addition. March and April and urpes all of them
teen notified and asked to designate ; Mr. Kerby. maddened by the pain j to tafce advantage of his presence to
disposition of the hodv. Deceased of Ms bums, ran from the house into ; :.....,
tri. ,v- , romma hi rKL , . . ... . . . . . . . . ... . ...iuir uirii fc.amv.
,1 v- j- i, j r.au Deen m t'as aistrict but two tne yam 01 ins ttotne. w.J. .emecK,. yir -jlson arrives in the district
Jence following his. discharge. weeks, having come here in hope of' chief of the Bonslas fire department.) Monday, February 3.
.securing relief from asthma with who lives next ooor to the Kerby resi-i " '
UNUtLtvtKtu I tLttiKAns. which he hal suffered for several dence. rati tc the assistance of the,
ern Union for the following: Eurtie j-" "
le"l-?"CrSf TAKES DESERTER AWAY.
Duff, Mrs. W. J. Sottung, John
Chief of Police J. A. Kempton has
ZTn" ,t' -one to San Diego, taking with him
. V. r ti - '.:.. i William Clemo. wanted as a d
Junttola, J. A Raper. R. W. Hewitt. f" " ' uS
j frcm the navy. Clemo arrived here
, , . . . S discharged
Carmpl anil Coinmhns fJ-.raei nro-
corstrdde and smothered the flames i
v i'.h ! is t out The Douglas fire de-p:.rtn-etit
vas called and extinguished
thv i'.uncs in the Kerby residence.
Kevby' manv friends in this
Mr
district learned the news of. his crit
ical condition with regret and un-
doiiMei"- wili resret his death. He
i
ii i . . ti- ,i: .
man. obtaining emnlov- WKS k"'wh hi tue nea uis-
n tne mines. Later a descrio-
CENSUS MARSHAL TO
BE NAMED SATURDAY
LEAGUE SOCIAL.
A social will be siven at S n'rlrxk ! nighL
'tcnieht at tha Methodist church hv ! tne count
tha rmrrrtti 1 n cm a A .t-A i - 1 ; r -. I inC di
tioa is extended to all.
RETURNS TO RANCH.
C. A. Xewman, who owns a ranch in
the Huachnea mountains, returned
there yesterday after a day spent in
the city on business.
LEAVE FOR PHOENIX.
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Docley depart
ed Wednesday night for Phoenix. Mr.
Dcoley has just completed compila
tions of a business directory of the
Warren district.
laeilt n tne mir-es I "fpr a t5rrir- irici. ii.iiii.', Deen a irc-iiieiii l isiut
prietors of the Tombstone Prospector, l ? recM ed decl" ri- assuming the office he
were in Bisbee for a few hoifrs last " e c-r-'-r was rec.ied deci.n..0
Columbjs G.ragi returned to ,,-... . . .v nf iiis death, tm-pv.ous to hecom-
y seat onty recently aiier do-, . ' itij a nnMic off when he was an
scharged from the army. He did r"" " . . ' uou , "n
it. it is stated.
j orders from the naval station at Mare
An inrnnspmienrial Ware, caused hv aosence oi
C. &. A. OFFICE FIRE.
have not
enj-1 in the ihimnov nf t Vi Plnmpf a.
Arizona general office building at i Ruff actln
Warren igniting, caused the Warren J
fire department to be called last eve- yv -a m ci
ning about 6:30 o clock. The fire was (JW11 MQll OtCtZCf OX
ejLiiDuisaea wunoui uaniae to cue
building.
His arrest followed on ', Pan -x Lu.tias
t unerat arrangements
been announced.
A 1 ect.liar feature cf Mr. Kerby
j being burned was the fact that Mr.
Xetieck put out the fire barely ia
time to save almost $700 in currency
which was in his trousers pocket.
Hilburn
chief.
EUlLCiNG NEARS COMPLETION.
The new city and county building,
i i which it tad been hoped to complete
PARTY DATE CHANGED. by the end of this week, probably will
The card parties for the blind held ; no1 te ready for occupancy .before
each Saturday at the Country club are
to be given on Tuesday cf each week.
The next rarty is to be February 4.
Top of List-White:
It is the determination of the com-'
munity labor board and bureau c
PARENTS WANT. STAGE
FOR THEIR CHILDREN
RETURNS TO CAMP.
Pvt. George A. Eirdwell who has
been spending a leave of absence in
the city, departed Wednesday for
Camp Travis. San Antonio, Texas, to
resume his duties.
MRS. SEALEY LEAVES.
To join her husband, the Hon.
Harry Sealey of the Cochise county
delegation in the house of representa
tives. Mrs. Sealey left here last night
for Phoenix.
FIDELIS CLASS IN (vARREN.
The Fidelis class of young women
of- the Baptist Sunday school will hold
their monthly business and social
meeting this evening at the home of
Mrs. J. L. Hilton in Warren. Every
member is urged to be present as busi
ness of great importance i3 to be
brought before the class. Those inter-
AUTO DRIVERS SHY.
Since the prevalence of holdups in
the district drivers of service cars
are shy about stopping when haikd
on the roads. Several persons going
to the fire at Lowell last night were
forced to walk from Bisbee, owing to
he street car service being suspend
ed temporarily and refusal of service
car drivers to stop when hailed on the
road. x
employment for returned soldiers and j Seeking to nuike arrangements with
ion of the Warren
oo. s for the opera-
bet ween the por
tions of the district situated over the
Tombstone ranvrn divide anil Rishee.
! has been done, if any places remain I Mesdames Maieome and Laurenze,'
A census marshal whose duty it
shall be to compile a complete school
census of the Warren district will be
named by the board of education at a
meeting to be held at the Central
school building Saturday afternoon at
1 o'clock.
Several applications are said to be
on file with the clerk of the board and
others probably will be handed in be
tween now and the date of the meet
ing. The usual mode of compensating
the census marshal has been upon the
basis of a few cents per name, the ag
gregate making a reasonable compen
sation.
The work is not so easy as some
people would imagine, however, as the
i Warren district board of education has
jurisdiction extending over an area of
' 12 miles." Dixie canyon. Forrest ranch
I and other somewhat isolated points
are included.
The census must be completed dur
ing February.
' Ladies" AM society of tne M. K.
Worried Wrrnso nf th n miin.? ' chun h will serve a home cooked din-
absence of James Derkin. formerly an
tier at Y. W. C. A. cafeteria Irotn a:2t
to "::: p. tn.. S:turduy. Public invited.
. BLACKSMITH COAL
Just unloaded cc car of Ajax
: smithing coal. 1 in ;! Carriage corn-
employe of the Hillman cigar stand on .
Brewery avenue, friends yesterday ap- j
plied to the police, asking that they ,
make inquiry as to his whereabouts, j
Mr. Derkin. who recently had been i
in bad health, last was seen on Satnr- i
day. All of his belongings are said i pany Ltnveil- 552
to be in his rooms and although dili-'
gent inquiry has been made by his lo- ; NOTICE
cal friends, nothing which could throw ; Electrical wiring .-i.tnptly dne by
light on his present whereabouts could J C. Lyman. Phone Oit.ot s to 4$;.
be discovered. Bisbee.
As far as has been ascertained, he J
said nothing to any of his acquaint- Dr. Playfatr, iisteopam, OS Mason
ances about taking a trip, while the Hill. Mssoa car stoo Phone Pin tit?.
fact that nis belongings remain in his I
room is thought to argue against such . WA.VTED RAGS.
a theory. The theory of foul play or! (n ovtV- v. watted at The
possible self destruction have been ad Kexiev cm.-- c:ue. Mvst be cKx.n.
vanced but until a more thorough .
search has been made neitlu r is i
credited.
Business Locals
nOCKHILL'S STAGE
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee,
Bisbee Auto co:upany. 7:4a a. m'.. 1:50
p. ra. Ph-me Bisbee 5. Adv.
L. GPmsn slls tne New Edison.
"The phonograph VMth a Soul."
ARIZONA AUTOMATIC AIR
ASSOCIATION
Annual meeting of the Arizona Auto- pQ
latic Air association will be held at '
Painter find Parer HancSnsj, Signs.
C J. BRANDT
2T Broadway. Phone 43ti.
matic
Lity nail mursday. January SO, 1913. REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
... . ... . . Miiars. ooin oi wmcn orsanizations rhe tna-ri nr i-n-tr.t
TeVc k as'Qu'khr' as" Se6 l find Wrk f5 for district public Vio
iL:51?'!: who formerly were employed in , tion of a bus line
Fainting cf the upstairs portion now "L xf " . " ,
rww the "arren district, according to the
i unuer way. ! statement of J. C. White. After that :
to be filled, outsiders will be taken
care of.
"We must take care of our own men
first of all, then will come the other
men 'who have been serving their
both of whom live over the divide,
were in the city yesterday to consult
Prof. C. F. Philbrook, superintendent
of the schools tf tne district.
They Informed Mr. Phiibrook that
VISITS LOCAL SCHOOLS.
Miss Stark, who was summoned to
Tombstone recently by the news of
the death of her sister, was ia the
city Wednesday and spent several
hours inspecting tha domestic science
department of the public schools. She
is in charge of the domestic science
department in the public .schools of
Chico CaL, to which place she plans
ested in joining the class are also
cordially Invited to attend. Those who ; soon to return.
attend will please take the 7:30 car
from Bisbee and get off at Warren BACK F!0M FRANCE.
siding. Someone will meet the car and Albert C. Megede. son of Mr. and
show the place.
SURPRISE PARTY.
A surprise party in honor of her
birthday was given Miss Irene Ray
Wednesday evening at her home in
Spring canyon when a number of
young people of the city called with
out her knowledge. Games, dancing
and music, with Mi33 Lucille Johnson
at the piano, were the chief diversions
of the evening. Vocal solos were ren
dered by John Smith and Mike Monag-
Mrs. Megede cf Lowell, returned yes
terday after being discharged from
the army. He was overseas in the
anti-aircraft battery service. He has
brought back with him many souve
nirs of the war which will be on dis
play in the window of his father's
jewelry store in Lowell.
SHUGGERT ON GUARD.
William Shuggert, special deputy
sheriff at Rodeo, N. ai.. Has been
placed cn guard over Kale Chenowith
country, but who never worked here ! there were 22 children of school age
before," said Mr. White. "I look upon'Ji11 that section whose only educational
the pronouncement of such a policy i opportunity at present lies in corning
at this time as essential, as the com- to Bisbee. Were an auto bus provided
munity labor board is receiving letters j to bring them here, the trip could be
and applications daily from all parts imade daily and the advantage of Ifce
of the country from returned soldiers, schools of the district be enjoyed by
attracted by the wage scale here, who . tne children.
want to locate in Bisbee and the War
ren district.
As matters stand, children residing
over the divide either must walk or
nan. Refreshments were served at the ho.T.e of J. Bantes in New I ployers. and in every instance ready
tnrougn tne evening by Mrs. Crowe. J .Mexico, and wid accompany Cheno
Among those present were: Misse3 ; ith to Lcrdsburg In the near future,
Gertie Sparks, Nona Beacher, Milta i according to a telegram received by
Watson. Marie Jeffery. Dorothy ! Deputy Sheriff J. K. Joy last night.
Crowe, Lucille Johnson. Florence Har-! Chenowith i3 charged in this state
rington, Mrs. Cre we and the honoree, ' with the murder of Claud McDowell,
and Messrs. Jess Puryear. John Rash, j near Paradise, Monday, and when he
Mike Monaghan. John Smith, James j has recovered sufficiently from a
Crowe, Louis Ray, McKinley Carnes, j w ound in his abdomen extradition
Lloyd Crowe, Pat Dyer and James I proceedings will be begun to secure
Stone. his return for trial.
"The nation owes a duty to all such lride into Bisbee every day or go with
men. surely, but the dty of each seo out education.
tion lies first in putting back to work j 5Ir- Phiibroqk promised them he
the men who left their employment to 1 v uld tae the matter up with the
take up arms for the nation. I have scbol board at Us meeting Saturday,
consulted with the heads cf the com-ibut at the san3e ti;ae i'onued them
panies here and find that thev feel as Uiat thcre was no appropriation at
I do about the matter " ithis tiree ich could be used to rr-
"The sooner it becomes known a!l:rI,ase cnd Perate a motor truck for
over the country that the Warren dis- thls PurPse- The fiscal year ends
trict will take care of its own men June, 20 and at lhe meeting of the
first, of others afterwards, if there is board Mlo,ri11' that date- the annual
room for them, the better It will be for i bud? 71 be adopted. At that time
the district and for the men. I do not ; sPPrPnat,on mlht be made for the
wish to see idle men in uniform or our i PurPse. - ... .
streets and do not wish to have theLvNot onl the original cost oi
district accused of ingratitude to the;e a be taken into consideration,
men of our armed forces, but the Mr Pbck sa.d, but also the sal
chances for employment are limited at ,ary.ff t0 f11 tW5e dailr
het" as it would be unsafe to entrust op-
t "ffQ0 . 4. . . , i elation of a truck to a boy on the
Letters received by the board from ! v .... , js..4j ,
. , " . . ... heavy grades of the divide road.
men formerly emploved m this coun-
ty, over which it holds jurisdiction
are being referred to the former em
DECISION FOR JOHNSON
response is forthcoming, that the WATERLOO, Ia., Jan. SO. Ray
place vacated by the men to go to Johnson, Minneapolis, had a shade
war will be ready for him when he over Del Hanlon of St. Paul, in a ten
returns. round bout here tonight.
agle- i -heater
TODAY
Continuous, 1 to 11
TODAY
WM. FOX Present the DAINTY, DASHING STAR
JOM
I CAPRICE
IN THE 6-ACT DRAMA
f A Ml
y $ y a u
iillliUyyiiliy
TO SEE HER IS TO LOVE HER
also
HAROLD LLOYD COMEDY
"Hey Them'9
MUSIC BY GRIBBLE'S ORCHESTRA
Adniicsion: Children, 10c; Adults, 15c; Reserved, 25c
(This includes war tax.)
THEATER
FIRST BIG NEW YORK MUSICAL HIT OF YEAR
ARTHUR HAMMERSTEIN'S
DAZZLING SUCCESS
A MUSICAL COMEDY OF DELI OHTFUL SURPRISES
ANOTHER
NEW YORK
CASINO
KNOCKOUT
RED GROSS REGRETS
BROPHY'S DEPARTURE
The withdrawal oi aiaj. William H.
Brophy from the service of the Amer
ican Red Cross' society in France oc
casioned much regret as was evi
denced by an article published in the
Red Cross Bulletin published in Paris.
December 28, and received here by
Arthur Xotman. mining superinten
dent of the Phelps Dodge corporation.
Copper Queen branch, yesterday, in a
letter from his sister, Mrs. D. C.
Prince. Mrs. Prince is in the legal de
partment of the Red Cross, having
first gone to France with the Y. W.
C. A. in October, 191". Later,
in the sprins of last year, she
was transferred to th? Red Cross,
her training as a member of the Xew
York bar, makinjj her particularly
adaptable to the work. Her husband.
an officer of the artillery section of
the aircraft department of the army,
was stationed in Paris. Both came to
know Major Brophy intimately.
"He certainly did a cood job very
modestly," was her personal comment
upon the major and his work.
The article in the Red Cross Bulle
tin was headed "Major Brophy and
His 'Winning Smile Have Gone." It
said:
The sad feature of life at Red Cross
headquarters these days is saying
good bye to those who are departing
for home. This was impressed upon a j
lot of us last week when Maj. W. H. '
Brophy came to pay his parting calls, j
Not only has Brophy been a great lit-
tie chief of stores, first as assistant, '
and then as erar of Chemin Vert when
Big Chief Douglas went home in June,
but he has a smile and a great capac
ity for making friends, every one of
whom regret his going. Major Brophy
says that he will always think with
great satisfaction of his 14 months in
France and the records of the Red
Cross s,how that his feeling is more
than justified. Twelve million francs
worth of goods every month was
about the value of the stores that
Major Brophy had in his charge.
That's a man-sized job and Brophy
did it well. If half the people Brophy
has invited to Bisbee, Aril., go out
there to visit him. the population of
that town will easily be doubled.
ANCE!
SATURDAY NIGHT
' BROPHY HALL
LOWELL
ARION ORCHESTRA 7 PIECES
EVERYBODY WELCOME ADMISSION $1.00
LADIES FREE
2k
Gr&Hd Theater!
TODAY Continuous, 4 to 11 p. m. TODAY
HIPPODROME m
r.
DAVIS ELLISON
GYMNASTIC STUNTS
"TURNER & ROBERTS
XYLOPHONISTS DE LUXE
THE CARR TRIO
COMEDY SINGING, DANCING AND TALKING
QUERRY & GRANDY .
TRAPESE CONTORTION SUPREME
Original up-tc-date Novelty.
Also, A WOLFVILLE STORY, "TUCSON JENNIE,"
"A MERRY MIXUP," and other good pictures
ADMISSION: LOWER FLOOR, 35c; BALCONY, 25c
THIS INCLUDES THE WAR TAX
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
BOOK ahoLYRiCS BY
OTTO HAR BACH
and EDWARD CLARK
music ry RUDOLPH FRIML
AUTHORS OF
KATINKA
'HIGH JINKS"
AND sva
THEFIRERY'-
If Xi, -Z,J?"iV
M I Xj
Today
ONLY
1UV
THEATER
Continuous
From
1:00 to 11:00
P. M.
MITCHELL
LEWIS
-1N-
0
REMARKABLE CA5T-W0NDER CKORUSTiCALSONSKITS
With Oscar Figman and Company of
45People-45
MOSTLY GIRLS!
PRICES: $2.00, $1.50, S1.00, 75c
Secure Seats Early! Seats on Sale Saturday.
"Nine-Tenth's of the Law"
In which the possession -of a two year old child forms a powerful plot.
Also, PATHE PRESENTS
"Allies Official War Review"
By Committee on Public Information. And, for a good laugh, see
t
CHARLIE CHAPll in "Behind the Screen5
ft
Lower floor, 13c, war tax, 2c, total 15c Balcony 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Reserved seats 22c, war tax 3c, total 25c
3