"sees?
WEATHER
Arizona: Wednesday
snd Thursday fair; lit
tle change temperature
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
VOL 21, NO. 212.
THE DISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1919.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
S3 SUM
'4
P
In Harmony With Program of
Reconstruct ion Work,
House Receives Measure to
Give State Four Trunk Lines
Senate Receives Report of Pat
ronage Committee; Cochise
Residents Become Clerks in
This Branch of Legislature
(Review rhoenix Burriiut
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 14. Serious
legislation in consonance with the
program of reconstructive work
pledged by the fourth state legisla
ture, began in the house today with
the introduction by Representative
Eddy cf Yuma of a constitutional
amendment proposing for a road bond
issue of $.10,000,000. The presentation
of the till created consternation, par
ticularly among the new members,
and passed its first reading.
The proposed measure would amend
Section 5 of Article 9 of the constitu
tion, which limits the indebtedness
which mcy be contracted any fiscal
year for expenses not otherwise pro
vided for to $300,000. It provides for
the creation of a state highway ad
visory board, to consist of five , mem
bers serving without salary", who
would supervise the construction of
the highways contemplated.
Four Trunk Lines.
The money, to be raised by the sale
of 5 per cent serial bonds controlled
by the commission on the institution?,
would be expended for four trunk
lines, namely, the Santa Fe highway
in northern Arizona, the borderland
route in the southern part of the
Ftate, the Roosevelt dam highway and
the Grand canyon highway.
The Introduction of the bill was the
bright spot in a dull day.
Senate Names Attaches.
The senate met for but an hour
this morning for the purpose of re
ceiving the report of the committee
on patronage. The attaches of the
bpper legislative body are: P. J. Far
ley, Yavapai, assistant clerk; H. A.
Davis, Maricopa, reading clerk; J. L.
Byrnes, Coconino, assistant sergeant-at-anns;
J. C. Evans, Gila, doorkeep
er; J. R. Keene, Maricopa, assistant
doorkeeper; Mrs. Leroy Ladd. Mari
copa, journal clerk; Wilma E. Ma
honey, Navajo, assistant; Mrs. May
Belle Craig. Mohave; enrolling and
engrossing clerk; Mrs. Miidred Brew
er, assistant; Mabele Graves, Mari
copa, president's secretary; Katherine
Armer, Gila, postmaster; Lillie Olney,
Graham, assistant; Mae N. Freeman,
Cochise, bill clerk; Winifred Cooley,
Cochise, assistants; Marie Garrett,
Coconino, and Katine McDonalds,
clerks; Lucile Pearson, Gila, mailing
clerk, and Selma Greyler. Ethel
Loose, Mrs. Lucy R. Gass and Mrs.
Ernest Hall, committee clerks.
Senator Windsor moved that the
pay of the attaches be the same as
prevailed last session. The motion
was carried. This scale provides $7
per day ior the secretary. $S for the
reading clerk and $5 for the remainder
of the staff.
House Adds Clerks.
In the house, four clerks were added
to the postoffice department by the
(Continued on Page Three)
M MILLION
km r hi n r.i
1IUI1L.U I uum
a ill I Inl ft I II
Anu h run
.a a a n art
HAS
U U U U MUMUU
PROBE HUN PROPAGANDA ACTIVITIES
WASHIXGTOX. Jan. 14 Alfred J.
Smith, who said he formerly was ad
vertising and circulation representa
tive of the Pueblo (Colo.) Chieftain,
at Denver, testified today before the
y senate committee investigating Ger
man propaganda that the paper made
an agreement with Count von Bern
storff in 1915-1916 by which it was to
be paid $20,000 for publishing articles
favorable to the German cause.
Under the alleged agreement. Smith
testified, the money was to be paid
In monthly Installments, with the
privilege of renewal provided the
paper followed the instructions of
Dr. Kuert Ziegler. German consul at
Denver. The witness told the com
mittee of several trips he made to
Washington and Xew York to meet
Pernstorff and of instruct irms he said
Alva A. Swain and C. II. Stevens, Ms
superiors on the Chieftain, gave him
in September, 1915, for starting a
campaian to obtain subscriptions from
German-Americans
Smith declared he was advised to
confere with Godfrey Schermer, pres
ident of the German-American Trust
REPUBLICANS
OPPOSE BILL
(Rv Review Leased VTIre)
I WASHINGTON. Jan. 14 Hearings
on the hill appropriating $100,000,000
! ftr famine relief in Europe and the
near east, enactment, of which ha
j neen urgeu uy i n.iuu
the only means of presenting t!ie
j westward spread of bolshevism. will
begin tomorrow before the senate ap
propriations committee, sitting in
executive session.
onmnr l:iriin. chairman of the
resentatives of tlie state auu treasory
! department" and the food admmhtni
' tion have been asked to appear for
examination regarding plans lor ex-
nemliture of. the relief fund. At ilif
remiest of members of the commit
tee. Senator Martin also cabled today
to Secretary of State Lansing at
Paris for further information as to
the uses to which the money is to
be put.
Republican, leaders plan to vigor
ously oppose the bill, which was
passed last night by tlie house with
out division "on party lines. They
particularly demand to know just how
the fuiicr is to be expended.
MILITIA TO QUELL
ARGENTINE STRIKE
BUENOS AIRES, Jan. 14. (By the
Associated Press.) The chamber of
deputies today by a vote of 62 to 5
declared martial law throughout the
entire republic for 30 days. The bill
is epccted to pass the senate tomor
row and to receive the signature of
the president.
The measure will become effective
immediately. Crowds outside the
newspaper offices cheered the post
in?; of the bulletin.
The minister of the interior ap
pealed before the chamber of depu
ties by Invitation this evening to ex
plain the situation. He said the dis
turbi.nces in Buenos Aires were under
control as a result of the active
measures taken by General Dellepiane,
the military dictator, but that the
trouble was spreading throushou th
republic, especially iu the provinces
of Buenos Aires, Santa Fe, Santiago
fc'Etero and Tucuman. He added
that these provinces had appealed to
the iiai icnal Government for assist
ance and the reserves had been called
to the colors.
Cjuestioi.ed by a deputy as to
whether the government desired to
declare martial law, the minister re
plied that the government would wel
come the passage of a marital law
measure by congress.
The deputies immediately went into
secret session and approved the
measure almost without debate.
The declaration of martial law ap
pears to be favored by the newspapers
and the public and the measure prob
ably will be made effective Wednes
day. MANY KILLED IN RIOTS.
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHIXGTOX. Jan. 14. Approxi
mately 800 persons have been killed
and 5000 wounded in the strike dis
orders in Buenos Aires, according to
idvices received today at the state
department. Of the wounded 1500 re
ceived treatment in hospitals.
In making this announcement. As
sistant Secretary of State Phillips
said the socialists with, whom the ma
jority of the labor organizations im
plicated in the strike are associated
refused to be further identified with
the strike disorders. The anarchistic
nature of the uprising, Mr. Phillips
said, was shown by attacks on
churches and convents. Sacred
images were thrown into the street?
and one priest was killed in a con
vent from which nuns and children
were driven.
F. M. Quintana, Argentine charge
d'alfairs, today received a cablegram
from his government, dated yesterday,
(Continued or. Tage Three)
company at Denver, with a view to
obtaining a list of prominent Germans
in Colorado '"who would be willing to
chip in to a fund to circulate the
Chieftain all over the state."
In Xovember. 1915, Smith testified, a
check for $1080 was given nim by Dr.
Ziegler. Alter this payment Ziegler
complained about a . photograph ap
pearing oy the first page of the Chief
tain showing recruiting activities in
Toronto, Canada. An explanation was
turned over to Dr. Ziegler. he said,
who in turn sent it to Von liernstorff.
"and the matter was smoothed out."
Smith said he was employed at
Denver from December, 1913. to Jan
uary, 1917. ns advertising and circu
lation manager of the Chieftain and
the Grand Junction (Colo.) News.
The Chieftain, he said, was leased by
Stevens in 191G to Swain, who at thai
time also was editor cf tlie Grand
Junction News.
Replying to rpiestions by Maj. M.
Lowrc-y Humes, counsel for the com
mittee, Smith said he neeotiated with
Btrnstorff regarding advertising for
"these newspapers."
HIST IB
WOULD TURN
LABOR MEETING
TO I.W.W. RIOT
Uninvited Radical Guests
Break Calm of International
Workers' Defense League
Gathering; Hot Speeches
(By Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO. Jan. 14 Socialists and
members of the I. W. ". made an un
successful attempt today to gain con
trol of the national labor congress,
called by the International Workers'
Defense league to decide on a plan
of action to obtain new trials for
Thomas J. Mooney and Warren Bil
lings, now serving- life terms for mur
der in connection with the Sau Fran
cisco preparedness day parade bomb
outrage in July, 1916.
Trouble was precipitated at the
openkj; session when several hun
dred socialists and 1. W. W. leaders
insisted upon being seated as dele
gates. Among the socialists in at
tendance were Adolph Germer, na
tional secretary of the party, and
Rev. Irwin St. John Tucker, recently
convicted for violating the espionage
law, and George Koop of Chicago,
Germer later was seated as a dele-!
gate from a local of the United Mine
Workers.
Ta Continue Fir-h
Although the radicals were denied
seats, they refused to leave the hall
and attempted to participate in the
proceedings Apparently they intend
to continue their fight at every ses
sion of the three-day convention.
They will, it is said, work for the pur
pose of a resolution favoring a gen
eral labor strike.
The International Workers Defense
league in planning the congress in
vited only trades unions to send dele
gates and wanted the discussion con
fined to the Mooney case, but bolshe-
vikism and man- other subjects would
be considered before the meeting if
the radicals carried out their plana.
Outlines Radical Program.
R. H. Ashcroft, a delegate irom Ta
coma. Wash'., is said to have a reso
lution calling for the release of all
SO
industrial and political prisoners, in-1 was telegraphed to the sheriff of Sac
eluding Eugene Debs. Victor L. Her-! ramento county and he was asked to
ger. Adolph Germer, William D. Hay- j inform the governor of the facts inune
wood and all other radicals convicted j diately.
since the beginning of, the war. He
also declared that a majority of the
delegates from the west and north
west fsvored a general strike to en
force their demands. He was busy
today circulating a petition for sig
natures in support of this radical pro
gram. Although the conservatives won in
the first clash today there seems to
be considerable doubt whether they
will be able to control the action of
the convention throughout.
Radicals Start Trouble.
The trouble started when John Fitz
patrick, president of the Chicago
Federation of Labor, after welcoming
the tie-legates attempted to introduce
E. D. Xolan, secretary-treasurer of
the International Workers' Defense
league, as the permanent chairman of
the meeting. There were loud pro
tests from the radicals who insisted
that the convention select its own
chairman.
Finally it was agreed that Xolan
should act as temporary chairman and
E. B. Ault of Seattle was chosen
temporary secretary.
Chairman Xolan reviewed the work
done by International Workers' De-
fense league in behalf of Mooney and j
advised that the remedy of calling a
general strike not be ued except as
a last resort after every other means
had failed. He suggested federal in
tervention, or the passage of neces
sary laws in California, authorizing
the setting aside of unjust verdicts as
remedies.
The delegates loudly cheered every
mention of the general strike.
Discord Is Renewed.
Trouble was renewed when the
credentials committee asked whether
delegates sent without invitation bv
the socialist party and the 1. W. W.
should be seated.
Scenes of disorder followed during
which a score of delegates attempted
to talk at once. Fist fights were im
minent between the representatives
of the constructive and the radical
factions. Chairman Xolan said it was
the intention to confine the member-
ship of the congress to delegates from j
Irades unions. I
"I have been fighting this case ftr
two years and have already saved I
three persons from the gallows."
shouted Xolan. "ir outsiders are ad
nitted it will wreck the movement. 1
LWe w.int ouly trades luilo'i men as
delerates "
Pe'iii: Schulberg of San Francisco
spoke in favor of excluding radicals,
hut was frequently interrupted.
Finally he shook his fist ut a social
ist and shouted:
"You never worked a day in yourj
(ConHtmcd on P:iro Thro)
vance Mccormick resignst
may become french envoy.
(Ity Review leased Wire)
WASHIXOTOX, Jan. 14. Vance C.
MeCornmk has resigned as chairman
of the democratic national committee
and it is understood that he is under
consideration for appointment as the
American ambassador to France, to from congress to accept the post. He
succeed William Graves Sharp. Mr. ; surceeded Myron . T. Herrick in Pe
Sharp's resignation, it is said, is in j cemher. 1914. Recently Mr. Sharp
the hands of the president, but no an-(was called home by the illness of his
nouncertient of the fact has yet been j brother and now is in Uie United
made. ! States, although it is understood that;
The fact that. Mr. McCormiek had! he expects to return to France soon.)
resigned, became known here tonight,
although there had been no,sugges -
tion of it when he sailed for France
two weeks ago to bssibi wiui uie0tratic can(ij(ate for governor of.
worl: in connection with the peace ; Pennsylvania in 1914 and was select
conference. He went to Paris in his ed as .liajrnlan or tue democratic na
cipacity as president of the war trade! (irna committee in 1916. conducting
hoard. a position to which he was ap
pointed last year.
Refuse to Talk Rumor
Offikals at the White House de
cline tc discuss the report that Mr.
Sharp would retura home to be suc
ceeded by Mr. McCormiek, but it
seemed to have credence in other of
ficial circles. Mr. Sharp was under -
stcod to have desired for some time j probably would succeed Mr. McCor -
to return to this country for a restjmick as the committee chairman.
:
CALIFORNIA VOTESiMILITARY COURTSi
ON BONE DRY BILLITRY T TRAITORS1
(Py Review Lensed Wire)
SAX FRAXCISCO, Calif., Jan. 14.
! Almost in the hour that the lower
i housa of the California legislature, in
session at Sacramento, was taking
final action toward ratification of the
foderal constitutional prohibition
amendment. Judge James Troutt, in
usperior court here. Issued an order
temporarily restraining Gov. Wm. D.
(Stephens from certifying to the secre-
tary of state Califomias ratification
of the federal amendment. Judge
Trouit also issued an alternative writ
requiring the governor to appear in
court here next Monday and show
cause why the order should not be
made permanent. Beth orders were
granted on petition of Ephraim Light,
a grape grower. 1
The arguments upon which the writ
was obtained were two: First, that
a constitutional rcfeiindum is appli-
cable to every action of the California
legislature and. second, that the fed
oral constitutional amendment was not
proposed originally by two-thirds of
each house of congress.
Word that the writs had been issued
Attorney Addresses Governor
Theodore A. Bell, counsel for the
California Grape Growers' Protective
league, was Light's attorney iu obtain
ing the writ. He telegraphed Gover
nor Stephens as follows:
"Judge Troutt has issued a prohibi
tion writ restraining you from certi
fying or communicating to the United
States government that the California
legislature has ratified the national
prohibition amendment.
"Papers will be served on you this
afternoon. May I assume you will take
no action until the papers are served
and referendum and other points
heard on their merits?"
The United States supreme court
construction of a referendum in the
stares of Ohio and California, accord
ing to Mr. Bell, give the people 90
days in which to take a referendum
of the legislature's action.
TO CONSULT ATTORNEY
(By Review Leased Wire)
SACRAMEXTO. Calif., Jan. 14 Any
steps Gov. Wm. D. Stephens of Cali
fornia may take concerning a writ
served on him today restraining him
from certifying to the secretary of
state at Washington the legislature's
ratification of the national prohibition
constitutional amendment will be de-
termiiied. upon only after he has con-
suited with the state's attorney gen
eral aud others, he announced to
night. The restraining order was issued by
the superior court in San Francisco,
on petition of a grape raiser and is
based on the allegation that all acts of
a California legislature are subject to
relerenduiu and on other grounds.
Serves Writ by Wire
Late today a deputy sheriff served
the governor with a telegraphic copy
uf the writ and a representative of the
petitioner's counsel served the original
papers in the action.
Shortly utter telegraphic notice that
the writ Lad been issued had been re
ceived by the governor, the rutitica
tion resolution signed by Speaker
WriBht. Lieutenant. Governor Young
anti attaches of both houses was de-
livered to his office,
Various means of having the action
of the legislature communicate to the
United States government without
awaiting the outcome of the court ac-
, tion were discussed but no decision
j was reached, it was announced. The
.constitution of the Mat:1 of California
provides that the governor shall be the
sole avenue of communication with t no
federal government, but provisions of
ithe constitution of the United S:rtes
would permit any state to communi-
(Continued on Pnso Three)
(after his arduous duties as the Ameri-
can representative at th French capi-1
, tal during the long years of war. i
Mr. Sharp, whose heme is at Klyria,!
' Ohio, was appointed ambassador to
France on June 12. 1914. and resigned:
' Cummings Slated !
j jtr. McCormiek. who is a newspaper!
publisher of Harrisburg .Pa ..was dem-'
President Wilsons eompaign in the
fall of that year. Upon being appoint
ed chairman of the war trade board
after the United States, entered the
war, he devoted all his time to that '
work.
It was said here tonight that Homer
. Cjimmings. vice-chairman of the
: democratic national committee, very
(By Review Lerised Wire)
PARIS. Jan. 14. it hecame known
today that three Young Men's Chris
tian association workers are under ar-
. , . . . , . . , , (
rest in Pans charged with defalca-
tion of funds of the association. j
The men are George Schoeffel, form -
er secretary of the chamber of com -
merce of Rochester X. Y. the Rev.
R. Atkins of Eagle Pass, Texas
ml
Man
sfield said to have been a
e tary of the Sailors' Union
former secre
of Xew York city.
The total amount alleged to have
been misappropriated approximates . "uildlng ana ponce neauquariers. day. 0ne of the questions to be dis
$38.94'), most of which has been re-i U is declareu" b? creditable eye wit-1 CU3seJ is ,he official language to be
covered. In connection with the al-, nos,se3 th1 w the . new0 government j useU durin the sessions. It appears
Ieged defalcation. E. C. Carter, secre- lroops l" bo'h tlctln'3 S,atu" ls that lhe question of representa
tary of the American expeditionary dT" .tth .m', with, tion has not been entirely solved, and
force of the Y. M. C. A., today made am1 oerwlse killl'J 8'nrfs of "" this matter Mill come up for further
the following Kt-.te.nenr- j who were Spartacun guards or civil- discussion.
,.,..,.,. .u.. .
uuiiuK nit mourns eiiuine e 10-
, ,kv ,, , . i
ber 1, the Y. M. C. A. canteen business
approximated ,16,000000. The Ameri-
can expeditionary force remittance ,
ousiness aggregated tu.wiu.uuu for
,c -T"".1'
e.. a. in r ranee nas tound in tne j bej carried on , sodiers and
course of its Investigations up to the;sailor9 who detached themselves from
,,,, mpr.ui.uiis ki tne,Spartacan uni3
n.uuu.u Ui
.-liuh niiu intr r .c-ijfin. returu oi
and French military authorities 30 :
workers have been killed or died in !
the service. Out of a total staff of :
more than 6000 workers to date three j
have been charged with defalcation. I
"Reported irregularities at Toul led J
the legal department of the Y. M. C. A.
to make an investigation with the re-
he made a confession .and admitted j
having In his possession Y. M. C. A.
money, a part of which was in a trunk j
ha had stored in Paris. Seme of this I
money had been invested in French ;
bonds and some had been secreted per
sonally. "Another worker at Brest confessed
taking small sums regularly. The
third and most flagrant case was that
of a worker accused of appropriating
87,000 francs, which it is charged, he
secreted and placed in various pack-
ages which were deposited, with the I
" "-""." .cwu.u v".qUa,ters in -the past 45 Hours nas
tS workers cited by the United States 1 Kon trrn,plt v rm(,,i mpn who nil-
American Express company. i the newspaper area, where the pub-' public the tentative list.
"Fortunately the greater part of all' Ushers were busy getting their badly, It is possible that some efforts will
the money stolen has been recovered. ; disheveled plants Into order for Mon-' be made by nations not entirely satis
The Y. M. C. A. has asked the army ! day s issue. The material loss and dis-. fied with the number of delegates a
to prosecute these cases to the limit j order caused by the rebels was es-1 signed them in the unofficial list to
and to impose the full penalty on any Jpecially heavy in the plants of the secure some amendment, but it is said
workers proving recreant to the trust !
of the American people." J
The court martial trial will begin j
this week. !
TRAITORS FREEZE ENGINES
(By Review Leased Wire)
VLADIVOSTOK. Jan. 14 (By the As !
sociated Press.) The evacuation of i
Ufa. the center of anti-bolsheviki ac
tivity west nf the I'ritls hv HiiMsi:iri
and Czechoslovak forces was
pered by the treachery of railway cm-1
ployes who allowed the railroad en
gines to freeze when the city was sur
rounded by ll.Ouu bolsheviki. There
was much fighting in the streets of
Ula December 30 and it was attended
by heavy losses on both sides.
The retiring forc-es, however, man
aged to make good their retreat and
blew up a bridge across the river to
prevent the bolsheviki from following
;
VILLA FORCES ACTIVE. :
(Hy Review Leaded Wire)
t .
MARFA. Tex , Jin. 14 Villa forces. ' Fox said he had collected $1500 in. knowledge of the I. W. W. and its
reported to be in command of Gen. ' Chicago fiom Vincent St. John, na- workings. Mrs. Whitnah. Mrs. Tol
Fe'.ipe Angeles, occupied Cuchlllo Pa- tlonal defense secretary, fellow ing re- lock and Leake said that Miss Pollock,
ndo. Chihuahua, .10 miles south of o:i;'t for a fee made by Nafh: n Cogli- it all times opposed violence. She
the b'der todiiy, the Carrana forces lan. iiefer.se afto-ney here. He test!- 'belonged t an nnti-mi!itary orgnnira
h ivii"; vucut"d the pU-za without a fied he was f,n ed lo return to Fros- tion in the San Francisco bay rerlon.
ti;ht. Tin' Ojimea garrison is on the nu, ami feeling that Cogh'an wanted they testified, but this was far from
alert tm'irht fearing an r-t'a-.'k by the the money at once, gave it to Dymond ' treasonable in its character, and had
cc!m;iii vhlih occupied Ciichillo Pa- for delivery to CogVlan. Later Dy- as patrons prominent men and women,
rado. l-ui no troop movements have niond te.-tified for the prosecution. ; Attorney Cowell and a number of
been leperted near the border, tele-! "With tlie exception of $"00 paid character witnesses testified also en
phore iveseages from i'resiu.. Tex., A. L. Cowell, a defense attorney of 1 behalf of defendants Fox, Saffores,
cpposite Ojlnags, tonight stated. Stockton, have you any evidence that I and Miss Pollock.
BERT
Ml
FEELS CERTAIN
ELECTION WILL
PASS QUIETLY
r
Spartican and
Independent
" ...
Socialist Forces Curbed by
Government Troops ; Bol
sheviki Contagion Dying
I.ERLIX. Sunday.
Jan.
12 (By the
Associated Press).
The
Ket gov-
j ernnient tonight was confident of its
! physical ability to defend tie elec-
i tiens for the national assembly next
! Sunday, January 19, against violence,
1 frcm Spartacan and independent so-
! cialist sources.
The insurrection generally. It ap
peared tonight, had been effectually
put down, chiefly because the new
i uiiirn lontu ill n.c j,. . m.u .
had t3ken matters in hand and were i
. uebknecnt no quarter, i ne next iew
days, it is declared, will witness the
.Inauguration cf further drastic mili
tary measures, calculated to stamp i
lout the bolshevik contagion.
! (Dispatches dated Perlin. Monday
! and Tuesday, have reported that the
! Sp'irtacan leaders had disappeared
'and thr.t their forces had been over-
awed Dy tne governments troops.)
Sh0 N( Mercy
One of these measu:es covers the
: illegal possession of arms and a.mmu-
. nll,on an" u ,s PrPsea to mane uus
1 otrense punishable witn immediate
deat. The military men now coop-
enuing with the government propose
I to Bnow tne insmn's p mercy and
tr.ey ampiy uemousirrueu mis pout
I nunns i" recapture oi me orae-rla
lans caught with arms. Hundreds or,
, . . . l
persons already have been arrested
v , , , ,,-
"1hSp H' " which
" Bprtin in the past
n nQW feU , ,
'"-IsDread of robbery and looUng which
The section of Ber-'
Uu ,3,,5 from the poiice
head-
fered food shops, cigar stores and
public- buildings. Three sailors walk-
ed into a postal sub-station yesterday i
and carried off 120.000 marks. I
Cunmen Gather I
Gunmen and criminals from all ,
parts of Germany hurried to Berlin interests, the question of representa
i it the first days of the revolution, tion may develop a somewhat lengthy
I nrrnrriine to renorts and enlisted in
the Spartacan forces at the police
station, which served as a base for
private undertakings when the men
were not engaged in obeying the or-
ders of the Spartacan leaders. Dur-I
..li ...;..,!.. i .j,
ItIK 11' IlUillllll ail ilinmiai iruiu.-, .... , . . . . .,
official documents and rogues galler-Ui conference, although Jrually
ies at police headquarters were de- arranged as shown m the unoffu m 1 list
stroved. Berlin at one time ranked a ben published, is still sub
as one of the best policed cities in ' Jet to revision. In order to avoid hu
the world: tonight it is virtually de-i miliation to any nation the representa
fenseless against lawlessness. t which it may be found advis-
The promenades Ueserted Un Per able to reduce, the supreme council
der Linden todav and crowded into
(Continued en Pase Tlirre)
I. W. W. DEFENSE
(By Reviow ivnsed 'Wire) ;
SACRAMEXTO. Cal.. Jan. 14. In-j
iniiin- Into t"io whorenhniito nf !1?00 in i
ham-'defense funds, said to have disap
peared In transit between Chicago and;
this city, occupied the attention or
:he court for more than an hour here
today In the trial of 4B al'.eged In
d'.istrlil Workers of the World on
charges of conspiring to institute a
campaign cf terrcrism In the stnte.
A. U Fox. first of the defendants
to testify, told of delivering the sum
to .Iclin Dynor.d. said to have been an
I idustrl.il Worker, to deliver to an
attorney for the defense. Dymond
later was a witness in the present
l case. 1
CONFERENCE
OF PREMIERS
SETTLEMENT
OF TANGLES
President Wilson Meet3 With
Lloyd George, Bonar Law
and A. J. Balfour to Con-
der
Council Problems
si
Official Lanmiapc of Confer-
ences Will Be Decided To
day; Representation of Na
tions May Slightly Change
PARIS. Jan. 14. (3:17 p. m., by the
Associated Press.) The conference of
President Wilson with Premier Lloyd
George, Andrew Bonar Law and A. J.
Balfour this afternoon gave opportun
ity for a most satisfactory exchange
on views on the subjects coming up
for settlement at tomorrow's session
or the supreme war council. The hope
l3 expressed that this will result in
giving greater speed to the work of
both the supreme war council and the
inter allied peace conference.
It l8 expected that the sittings of
the war counc,i WIu occupy the entire
May Not Speak French
It is said tonight that the supposi
tion that the French language has
been decided upon as the only tongue
to be U9ed in the ctmferei.ce is at least
premature.
The cpening session of parliament
and the cabinet meeting today took
up the attention of Premier Clemen-
! ceau and his collaborates as that lit-
tie opportunity was anoruea tor a
further conference with the French
statesmen before tomorrow's nieetins.
It is not thought that there will be
any difficulty in settling the questions
of language, procedure and rcpresenta-
tion. though, in view of the number of
nations represented and their varving
discussion.
TO REVISE REPRESENTATION
(By Review !aM Wire)
PARIS. Jan. 14. The representation
OI l m! various iiaiiuus iu me uuri-
has refrained from orticially making
(Continued on Fr ire Twnt
MONEY DISAPPEARS
the money reached its destination?"
Coghlan asked Fox.
"I l''e not." was the nswer.
I Fox testified that he did not coun
tenance nets of violence! that he was
unoipcsed to war and believed in
constructive sabotage."
"This is the kind which prevents
graft and insures the life and safety
of the people." he said. He tried on
two occasions to join the army but
was turned down because of a bad
toe, iie saiJ.
Basile Saffores. nother defendant.
Mrs. Beatrice. MeCail Whitnah. a
former county probation officer. Mrs.
' Anna Pollock, mother of Miss Theo
dora Pollock, the only woman defend
ant, and Sam Leake, former San Fran-
Cisco new spacer iiian. ie.su. ieu iu TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1919.
BASEBALL CONFAB !
HOLDING
HI
INTEREST
letgues this afternoon disposed of a
number of cases, the principal one be-
ins the awarding of Tulsa, Okla.. ter-
itory to the Western league with a
club assured from either Topeka or
Hutchinson for Tulsa, while Portland
land Seattle aie said to be slated for-
the Pacific Coast league aain after a
few technicalities are cleaned up.
i Interest in Giants
j Great interest was displayed in the,
j change cf control of the N'ew York
'Giants and John J. McGraw. now vice-
; president, and his new partners,
tav Review UaseO Wire) j Charles A Sloneham and Judge Fran-
NEW YORK. Jan. 14. Anion fea- cis X. Me-Quade were kept busy all day
tures of the week of baseball recoil- I receiving the congratulations of base-!
struction which began here today, the ball magnates and fans, both in thisj
most important were: ! city and other points along the bis (
The New York National league elub, j and little circuits. !
the best plaving one in the major ! Though McGraw is vice-president he
leagues was sold. intends to continue as manager anu
OF SPORTS WORLD
naval terms of tho armistice stated,
according to the morning newspapers
that the inter-allied commission which
visited Ki.l and Wilhelmshaven dis
covered submarines under construc
tion in slips, which the enemy thought
would be overlooked. The report adds
that the Germans contended that they
were entitled to retain possession ot
the underwater craft.
According to the report the discov
er?' at Kiel and Wilhelmshaven led to
the finding of other vessels and con
sequently the new terms of the armis
tice will require the surrender of all
submarines already built and the .de
struction of those on the ways.
Negotiations for the purchase of the
St. Louis Nationals reached a stage
for that reason will be barred from j
sessions of the magnates, unless the
where it appeared as though the prop-: rule w hich recently barred Fred Mitcb-
erty would soon change hands. ! ell of tne Chicago club for similar con-
The major and minor leagues took ; K-iences is changed,
lengthv counsel and strengthened
their hands for the battle for ai;d
against the elimination of the draft.
Contest Holds Boards
In its far-reaching etlect the contest
between the majors and minors was
the outstanding feature of the (lay ot
conference. Members of the big and
little circuits were in session, formal , that strong reasons must be adduced
or informal, all day and late into the I to secure any such change.
CONFERENCES OF PRE
MIERS PAVE WAY TO I
TANGLES SETTLEMENT
PRESIDENT RECEIVES CALLERS
PARIS. Jan. 14. Hy the Associated
Press.) Fresident Wilson continued
his individual conferences at Murat
rmlare todav with British and French
representatives. The discussions are ,
informal, such as will be constantly
held from now on. Those who met
the president this afternoon included
the British prime minister, Mr. Lloyd
George and Andrew Bonar Law.
The president also received Dr. M.
R. Vesnitch, the Serbian minister to
Fiance, awl Madame Vesnitch.
iContlnuei! from Pane 0..e)
evening. hile the magnates o; ootlij
groups were chary of information re-j
garding the progress being made it !
was evident that no common ground j
had been reached at a late hour to- i
night.
Colonies Aid America
Inasmuch as no issues before the
conference will be decided by voting
but only by unanimous action, the
large number of British delegates re
sulting from the decision to allow
The new International league, j colonial representations has not act-f
through its president, David L. Fultz, ; aally increased Great Britain's i
went on record- in favor of tin? aboli-' strength. At the same time, it is be-!
tion of the draft as did informal meet- j lieved because of the similarity of!
ings or the American association, Pa-; views held by the Americans. Canadi-j
citic Coast and otiier minor league iaiis. Australians and New Zealanders.t
for instance, their presence would adu
magnates.
So far as could be gathered from moral tstrenvth to the American plans.
the individual expressious of the big; An explanation of the allowance of.
leaguers,, .they are not disposed to three delegates to Brazil, while Bel-1
gram ine ueiuanus 01 me uunor ran gium anil Greece got two ana roriugai
are not adverse to a compromise if I one, is the fact that Brazil not only
a mutual understanding can be reach-j gave most valuable service in the war
ed w hich M ill not seriously disturb the iji affording naval protection against
professional game structure. ! German raiders to the south Atlantic
Talk League Problems j trade routes, and the east coast or
Hie attitude of the National league : South Africa, but that she represents
will be considered tomorrow. Limita-! the South American continent in the!
tion of the club roster to IS players, j ranks of the belligerents. j
restricted spring training period and I
even the 14') game schedule will be; ALTER ARMISTICE PLANS, j
discussed. The new owners of the1 O-y Keview Leased wiry
New Yolk club are said to favor aj PARIS. Jan. 14. The four American
more liberal policy. : armistice representatives left today.'
As to the St. Louis Nationals, it was ! lor Treves, where Marshal Foch is
siad tonight mat Russell Gardner of ' presenting the new terms to the Ger-
St. Louis, with James C. MeGill. form- man commission. The party consist-1
er owner of the Indianapolis. Denver , ed of Admiral Yu;. S. Benson, chief of!
ami Springfield clubs, had made an of-, operations of the United States navy;
fer for the Cardinals. If the club j Not mail H. Davis, representing the
changes hands it is understood Jack ! Tilted States treasury; Kdward N. .
Hendricks will be retained as manager
but the future of Branch Rickey, the
present executive, is uncertain.
In the midst of the baseball hubbub,
the l,ard cf arbitration of the Na
tional Association of Professional
Hurley, chairman of the American;
shipping board, and Iouis P. Sheldon,
vho will represent Herbert C. Hoover,
,he American food administrator.
A report presented to the council
having charge of carrying out the
LORD ROBERT ON LEAGUE.
PARIS, Jan. 14 (By the Associat
ed Pi ess.) Lord Robert Cecil, who
has been charged by the British gov
ernment to represent Great Britain's
ideas with regard to a league of na
tions, tonight gave American journal
ists his views as to the actual working
details of the proposed league. It
was the most comprehensive state
ment yet undertaken by any of the
delegates to the peace conterence.
At the outset. Lord Robeit offered
his delinition ot a league of nations,
as follows:
Defines League.
"An improved association of nations
providing safeguards io.- 'peace and
securing better international co-operation."
The basis of a league of nations, as
conceived by Lord Robert, may be
t'pitomized as follows:
An agieement among nations by
which each nation binds itself to see
that all warlike disputes are present
ed to the league's tribunal for consid
eration and the use of force to ac
complish this, if necessary.
imam-Is are to remain unJer con
sideration for a specified time and
further time is to elapse after a deci
sion has been reached before the con
tending countries shall be allowed to
go to war. Mora! force, however, is
to be the ultimate factor employed toj
prevent war.
In amplification. Lord- Robert as
serted that an international army and
navy were not feasible at 'this time.
Nations, he said, were not ready to
surreade' their sovereignty to a
league of natit ns to the extent that
they would be willing to allow a
leauue to dictate wheiher they should
employ their forces in the settling of
a quarrel wiilch the tribunal had been
f JANUARY CLEARANCE
3
f
S D
B 1
nits. Overcoats
r urms
hings
I ( 4 1 i J
When one stops to analyze the
success attending cur January
Clearance Saie, it can be attrib
uted to the fact that men know
that we always reduce our reg
ular stock of high class suits ar.d
overcoats only for this one big
sale. The buying public has
learned to appreciate the fact
that it is no "Special Lot," "job
lots ' or "manufatuier's "surplus"
purchased for the purpose of a
sale but is our ewn high clasj
merchandise, and reduced for
clearance.
"mmiirirn
CLEARANCE PRICES ON MEN'S SUITS
iXhn's Suiu worth $22.50. ncv
.1 A. 1 r c. A
icn 3 ou:!s worm zu.uu, no'.v
- C'tH
,r.nh $? j.OO lo ?.27. 50, new
-vorih $29.50 to $30.00, now
Men's Suits worth $'j5.C0 to $37.50, now
Mrr's Suits wi.-;h $39.30 lo $-40.00, row
...$a5.00
.. $17.50
. .S1P.95
$2A5
. $2fi.9f
....523.95
unable to prevent by moral suasion.
I.or.i Hol rt Cecil said ho believed,
l.otf-'Tcr. that each nation should bind
ftsf'f to use all niei.ns, even lorce, in
crder to compel the dispute t.J bo
brought lifer': tho Iciu"" trihutiul.
Public Opinion as Power.
"The preservation ot peace would
he the norma! instead of the spe.-ial
luuctio.i cf the league," said Lord
Kobeit. ';!tv case of a quarrel the
league could only express an opinion,
becairu an international aruiv is not
teasiLle for settling disputes. The
power behind the league would not
be police control, but the weight of
public opinion. Public opinion, how
ever, would be sufficient to insure at
least that auy future war would be
rcJiKed to single disputes that is,
there would never be another war like
the present one."
Lord Robert would not go so far
cs to say there would be no more
wars, but he expressed confidence
that they would be confined to the
immediate disputants.
"In t!:e daiiy lite of any country,"
Lord Robert continued, "it is public
opinion and nut the policemont which
controls the conduct of the people.
You have yourselves seen that even
i:i case where law and public opinion
clah, public opinion wins."
As td the machinery of a league of
nations. Lord Robert said there shoulti
be an international secretariat operat
ing permanently to carry on the rou
tine business between meetings of
the main international tribunal. The
main tribunal would meet periodical
ly, perhaps every month or six weeks,
to handle matters of moment.
REPUBLICAN ASKS
ROSS WITHDRAWAL
MANY LEAGUE PLANS.
PARIS, Jjn. li. (Ky the Associat
ed Press.) Nearly 40 different plans
for a league of nations are before the
Aniellcan delegates. Kach has points
of merit, but many contain sections
directly ?t variance with tho ideas
forming the . basis of the other
schemes.
In order that the interallied con
ference may benefit by ail this mat
ter, it is to be laid before a commis
sion created for the purpose; it is
even probable that it will be submit
ted separately to each delegation, in
older to hasten a conclusion.
Fa far as they have expressed tneui
selvcs, the Americans, after a pains
taking examination, w hich is still iu
progress, l'i;:d nothiug, it is declared,
which endangers any American idaals
3u; h as tile Monroe doctrine, lor in
stance. One point upon which the Ameri
cans will insist, it is understood, is
tiiat whatever program it adopts, it
shall be included in the treaty which
cflicially terminates the world war.
MEXICAN BANDITS KILL
CHINESE MERCHANT IN
SONORA RIVER STORE
iSlnrial to Tim ftrvk'w)
XAC'O. Ariz.. Jau. 14. Holding up
the store of two Chinese merchants
on t!ie Sonora river in the district
south of Cananea, Monday, two heav
ily armed Mexicans shot and killed
one of the proprietors and badly
wcunded the other, after which they
lobbed the store at leisure, according
to a report reaching Cananea today.
Mexican officers have taken the
trail of the bandits, whose identity
is said to be known.
The men are reported to Lave slept
Monday night at Ojo de Agua, the
pumping station fer the Cananea
water system, ten miles from ti:-i
munic'pality. They were thought to
be heading for cananea, or possibly
intend passing around the town and
striking 1'cr the border.
BCLSHEVIKI THREATEN SWISS
GEN EVA. Jan. 14, i Ily the Associat
ed Press) The iKilslu viki government
in Petrograd has telegraphed an ulti
matum to the Swiss federal authorities
saying that uuless ;1U bolsheviks, who
were arr stcd and imprisoned in the
fortress of Savantan, in the Canton of
V'ulais, are released before February 1,
30 Swiss c;ti2'ns in Petrograd will be
shot without trial.
There is great indignation here over
the situation. The bolshevist move
ment M'cnis lo be spreading in the
Rhine towns and in north Switzt rl iiul,
where Madame- Ilaloiiova, a Russian
who recently was expelied, has return
ed secretly with several million rubles
for the tarrying out of bolsheviki
propaganda. The police are- searching
lor her.
GRAND CIRCUIT STANDS
( Hv Rnvipw I.n;"l Ii p
! PHILADELPHIA. Pa.. Jin. 14 No
changes were made today in the mem
: brtship of the grand circuit nt the an
j nu.il meeting of the grand circuit stew
I up!!' association and u!l light harness
ini.'etiuiis of the organization will fol
low the simo sequence as last year.
0. -A. ... ' .
1
HrancP Prim nn MF.N'P, OVF.RCOA1 S
Men's O'.-i'CoDts woii't ,i20.00 to $22.50, i.ow
worth $25.00 tc $27.30, now
;V)'Ti3 Oviicciiii w.v-;ii $2v.:I0 to $30.00. now
M-;:-.'s Cvc:crats wclli $32.50 lo $55.00. n.w
$14.35
$13.95
$24.Ci
$27.33
A 'v''V !
HARIKELLO
T - Tonic
Krw Prcparatini.
Aina.i:ii results.
l fi.irtiiiy. S,nnsf.;ll-
mv. hair, r.'imin-1! '
:vi(J prt-vf-nls ci.u.'w'f.
.'Vf. lures c: y crriiLirru
l.nltvtiis ci'.wih. in
Mtres auncl.inr of
l!i-tnui,i.ualiliy,iitavy
i.aii .
flly It. 'View Leas, d W'iio)
WASHIXUTON, Jan. 14 Less thau
a dozen senators were in their seats
today for another session of the sen
ate given over largely to a discussion
of questions to come before the peace
conference.
Senators Borah of Idaho, republican,
and Shafroth, democrat, of Colorado,
spoke c:i the proposed league of na
tions and Senator Thomas of Colorado,
democrat, discussed military interven
tion in Fiussia. During the debate..
Senator France of Maryland, repub
lican, introduced a resolution propos
ing early withdrawal of American
troops from Europe and postponement
of the formation of a league of nations
until after the peace treaty is con
cluded. In opposing a league of nations. Sen
ator Borah especially attacked the pro
poped use of military forces by an
international league and also critized
the administration program for a
large expansion of the American navy.
Senator Shafroth declared that a
league of nations should be formed at
once and vigorously opposed the reso
lution of Senator Knox of Pennsyl
vania, republican, proposing postpone
ment of consideration of this question
by the peace conference.
Retention of American troops in
Kussia was advocated by Senator
Thomas, who said this was necessary
to protect military stores and to aid
the Czechoslovak forces. He denied
t.iat war is being waged against the
bolsheviki but said some policy to
combiH bolshevism should be adopted.
WORKS
Your money in our Bank will be absolutely se
cure, and making more money for you working
day and night, rain or shine, hptLfr you are sick
or well or taking a vacation.
4:, ON SAVINGS ACCOUNTS
Bank with us.
L. J. OVERLOOK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine. Weber & Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
A. J. CRAIG, Independent Gasfitter.
ALL KINDS GAS WORK MY SPECIALTY. Gas Water Heater and
Ranges installed and repaired. Gas piping work guaranteed. Price
reasonable. Phone 268, care H. E. Wootton, Res. Phone, Black 702. '
Cananea Curtails
Force One Third
Sperial to Tim Hevlew)
NACO, Ariz., Jan. 14. Reports that
the Cananea Consolidated copper com
pany contemplated ciosing down its
workings in the immediate future,
was denied by officials late today.
Only such curtailment as is being
practiced among other properties of
the Cananea district, in order to meet
the exegencies cf the copper situation
is being done. When curtailment of
forces has been completed, approxi
mately 1500 men will have been laid
off, or about one:lhird of the working
force.
auTED jr.: ;
milk pka
. Fi:sTOUAi.irr y--y
A glass iA Borden's Minted
Milk evcrv a(tcrruc;i
make it a practice! Tones n f
the system. All fountains.
.7;j c.i Borden 's-c 'r.tj r..
It 's the if i Kovcd Mailed SUik.
rTHK-JMPUOVKl)
MALTED 1-
TT'"
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Celow Copper Queen Hotel
OAL
- 1 7 1 3
Feed Company
Phone 121
0 - f.ee Ilc vv Copper Queen Hotel
1
as Fired Water
For Attaching
to Your
Range Boiler
Heater
iH'-i I
Provides abundant supply o!
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for N
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
A
Ifi $n
i
U-3
1-
Sisbee improvement Co.
i
J
VlcDjn.il J's
Phore 305 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1919.
THREE
crYrtAi ictc r,n wnni n
CONVERT IABOa MEET-j
IVn IMTfl T W W T?IOT'
y
life and we warn you and your kind j
to get out. Ye, i-'liows want to rula !
this movomrr.t." !
Sucinlists :r
"V. insisted ;;
th?t they had
1'unibers of the I. W.
-!C-akiiiir and declared
nf nioie than orv".n
ar.'use public interest
ized lab ir to
in the Mooney cape.
Albert Cr. r::,a painter from Chi
cago, ami others asetl to have the
radicals seated. After a riotous
wrancle of nearly an hour. Chairman
Nolan put ti e ni.-xioii to exclude the
socialists and I. V. W. and declared
if nnrriH hv viva ilce vnffe There
was a roar of disapproval and Albert duced by t ottee on tne msr r.a, pro
Green ptfempted tn appeal f-cra thevilinsr tKit no bills carrymc apnro
decision of the h but was hovvied j prtations bo broupht before the lep-
down.
V. Pottrfce Coi hrane of S'ew York,
counsel for Mooney, then addressed
the deleLi'tes. lie praised President
Wilson's la'oor policies and made a
violent attack on the administration
cl justice in the courts.
"The latest word from our president
is that the bolsheviki in Kurone can
be quelled by food.-' said Attorney
Cochrane. "1 do not aaree with him.
jne imiy cure lor uois levi.-m is
five them justice. P.eishevism means
rule by the majority. That does not
sound unfair. I do not fear this new
force that has come into being. The
masses have never been vicious; it
is always the classes. The world's
choice today is between democracy I
and chaos. In a povernment lika this j
everything depends upon the honesty!
of the judiciary. Our constitution !
amounts to nothing: except so far as
it is confirmed by the judiciary."
International Question.
He said the Mooney case is an in
ternational question. The conviction
of Mooney on perjured evidence, he
said, was a judicial crime. He asked
the convention to adopt resolutions
demanding that the California legis
lature pass a law permitting the set
ting aside of verdicts obtained on per
jured testimony. He said nearly
every st?te has such a law.
The convention passed a motion directing-
the chairman to cable to Pres
ident Wilson and Samuel Gompers.
president of the American Federation
" i'
P Look for the j
tLMflpt scaled pactoiC tat
gggppft h2V2 an eye out jig
feffll! also far tha ncir.c 6
Sl Tb3 Grg2tsst "erne jf
k. XF frn fePTEUtt lata:
-
NEXT LECTURE:
"SHAFT SINKING"
By T..H. JEWELL, Foreman Calumet and CocMse
Y. EL C. A. Thursday, Jan. 16, 1919. - I and 7 P. M.
Faris its spnttrni-rts
tII,, '-,;1,on,i,.
its ortan.zaumi by
1 pu :nan nt el i f-rs and a,p :-in
! j-omtniito,-. Frank- P. Va!.1i. I ;"
... I
r '
.,.. ,;,.. , r ,;, ,-e0 i;.! w.ir
iaM-.r o-.rd. ml.livss iw t!
ia - . ' ii'inov.i
30 MILLIONS ASKED
FOR ARIZONA FOR
GOOD ROADS WORK
(i"rtntlnnel froi:; Pnpe One)
patronage cemniittee. jmd the ri. re-1
sentatives in rued their attention to ;
throe joint resolutions pen.lins,. It
; developed that the resolution in'ro-
islature after February 22. had not
cone through the proper channels. It
was reintroduced and with Joint Res
olution No. 2. by the same representa
tive, extendi";: trie condolences oi tne
(legislature to the widow of the late
Theodore Koorevclt, under a suspen
sion of t;t rules, was read three
times, signed and transmitted to the
senate. Joint Kes mition rvo. j, tu
tr0(1,lod bv Mrs. McKav. which is a
roquest to'the senate of the United
states that the suffrage bill now pend
j b passej, took the same course
g De passej, iouk uie same cuuoe
and will come before the solons to
morrow. Vndera siml'ar suspension of the
rules
Home Kill No. 1. prepared by
of Law. in
the committee on appropriations, was Gustave Knoske annouuees that he
rushed throuch. This measure is t!ie!wiH Kepp sufficient troops in the city
customary appropriation bill and aH to safeguard the elections. Govern
ranges for the divergence of J'n.OOO j meDt trops are active and are disarm
from the general fund to defray the j inff aII the reII1Eiinllg re,i bands and
current and continued expenses of ; supj,rPS:,illg the dangerous aftermath
tho legislature, of robbery and pillaging by the defeat-
House Standing Committees. ed and dispersed Spartacan elements.
The list of standing committees the leaders of which, including form
were announced by the speaker t:f:T Chief of Police Eichhorn. whose
the h,oue as follows: resistance to dismissal was the facus
Printing J. P. Cull. F. A. Kimball, j of the uprising, have all been arrest
Rosa McKay, Charles T. Francis. Nel- ed or have fled.
lie A. Heyward. ! Humor is busy about Dr. Liel.knechl,
Appropriations O. L. Coffee. J. wJ the Spartacan chief, but nothing reli-
Sallivan. W. f. Delbridre. G W.
rows. W. J. Flood. A. J. Eddy. J. W.;
Richards.
Rules Mr. Speaker. J. H. Lines, A.
J. Kridy.
Public, Lands W. G. Dowman, M.
I
That rcme Is ycer pro
tection E2-:r.;t inferior
iirLtstions, jest as the
szzlzd pChe Is pro
tection t2inst impurity.
Srr-r-
- ' -V. ( W t .
1
us! A. Perkins. J. II. Lines.. J. V. IMch
I aids, liany Jemimas, I. V. Lilley-:n-'
aliilo. J. W. Sullivan. J
In;' Uoveriisir Camptiell's nicssnue to tliei
legislature vviil re uelivorc.l at 2j
o'( lin k torn irrnw afternoon ami is ex-j
P-"tcl t, .onsun.o the major portion
t the m si.n.
EBERT FACTION
! CERTAIN ELECTION
i, WILL PASS QUIETLY
(Continued from PaRe One)
Vurwaerts and the TaReblatt. Kven
the business offices ;-ie invaded.
Records and accounts were strewn
about 'and bulky ledger were jam-
nied into windo.vs to serve s barri
cades lor riflemen.
TJie Vorwaerts building was con
verted into a veritable lortress and
arsenal combined. Alter a breach had
b'een blown in it with cannon' the
bpartacans began to weaken and later
gave in. The military discipline ot
the Spartaca.is is said to be irre
proachable as long as they are per
mitted to rob and plunder at will.
That they were particular as to the
personal com tort is amply proved by
the stores of foodstuffs, cigars and
clothing found in premises recaptured
from the Spartacans by the govern
ment forces.
LONDON, Jan. 14 No renewal of
disturbances in Berlin is reported in
the latest advices. The government,
having successfully survived "red
week," is now maintaining order and
. nrenarin2 fnr elections to the national
ash,.mbI.. sumiav.
P.nr-;ab!e is known of his fate or where-
about s. The new police president
Richter, is reorganizing and arming
the police force which will contain
no Spartacan elements.
AH the election results in south Ger-
! many announced up to the present
i show that the independents have ev
I erywhre been defeated.
SPARTACANS CONTROL BREMEN
PERLIN, Monday. Jan. 13 (By the
Associated Press). Spartacan forces
thomporarily are in control of tiie
fcovprnmeni of Bremen, after an in
surrection. The Spartacans were de
feated in a local election by the ma
jority socialists and successfully car
ried out a coup to prevent the major
ity socialists .from takins office. All
bourgeoise newspapers are under a
Spartacan censorship and a commun
istic republic has born proclaimed.
At. Cu:1ievp:i the ultra radicals have
overthrov n the communistic republic
and threaten the immediate socializa
tion of all 'industries and banks.
LIEEKNECHT WOUNOED
t LONDON. Jan. It.-Dr. Karl Lieb-
knee!;', one of the Spartacan leaders
: sa.; wounded severely in the fighting
j i:i Bcrl'r., according to an Exchange
j Tel 'jMajjh dispptcii from Amsterdam.
I The it port r.ives no details.
i Last week it was reported that Dr.
' Liehknei ht iiad been killed, but later
reports from Berlin direct, showed
this to be untrue.
INSURRECTION QUELLED
(Hy Review Leased Wire)
LONDON, Jan. 14. A wiroless dis
patch received from Lisbon announces
the suppression of the insurrection.
'.The dispatch adds that the naval
arsenal and the torpedo boat destroy.
Ier Giralda have been recaptured by
the faithful troops.
French Soldiers .Lead
in World's Sacrifice
At the outbreak of the war the popu
lation of France was 36 millions and
of these six millions have been offered
on the altar of freedom, thereby lead
ing every other nation. We of Amer
ica must be very grateful for this and
also for an invaluable remedy for
stomach, liver and intestinal ailments
discovered by the peasants of France,
which it is reported has saved many
lives in America, prevented thousands
I of surgical operations and relieved in
calculable suffering among its people,
i Geo. II. Mayr, for many years a proinl
I nent Chicago chemist, imports the in
gradients and sells this remedy under
the name of Mayr's Wonderful Hem
! edy. It is a simple, harmless prepara-
tion that removes the catarrhal mucus
from the intestinal tract and allays
! the inflammation which causes prac
tically all stomach, liver and intestinal
ailments, including appendicitis. One
dose will convince or money refunded.
Sod by Lowell Drug company and
druggists everywhere.
I
ourse
PASTOR BELIEVES1C0NFEREES AGREE!MRS- "
WOMAN GUILTLESS ON LUXURY TAXES; L. -,
(nv TtPvlf-w Lea-Mtl Wire)
NEW VOKK, Jan. 14 Rev. William
F. McGinnis, pastor of St. Bridget's
Roman ("ctholic church at West bury,
who is sail to have known more in
timately than any other outsider the
lehrions of Jacques Lrbaudy, seif-
stle.l I.niperor of th
hi-; family, testitied
Sahara," to
today before!
the Nassau county grand
which
is investigating the slaying oi the re
centric millionaire of Westbury last
Saturday by his wile.
Alter he left the grand jury room.
Father McGinnis. who has been in
close touch with Madame Lebaudy
and her l.Vyear-old daughter, Jac
queline, both before and since i.'ie
shooting, expressed the conviction
tuat Madame Lebaudy's act was justi
fiable. '"Homicide is justifiable," he said,
"only when life or honor is at stake.
In this case 1 think both lite atiu
honor were at stake 1 believe
Madame Leba.idy reasonably came to
the conclusion that the lhes of both
herself and her daughter were threat
ened and believe she was justified
in taking the life of her husband."
Father McGinnis said he had been
called to the Lebaudy home on many
occasions to save Madame Lebaudy
and her daughter from "the fury of a
crazy man."
Harry IL Moore, counsel for Ma
dame Lebaudy, announced today that
he had discovered a witness wha heard
Lebaudy say in a New York hotel a
few hours be,fdTe the shooting on Sat
urday that he was going to Phoenix
lodge, the Lebaudy home at West
bury, to 'finish" his wife. H-i said
this witness would be called to sup
port Madame LebauJy's claim that
she shot in self-defense and in de
fence of her daughter, in the event
the grand jury returns an indictment
against her.
District Attorney Charles Weeks,
who is conducting the grand jury in
vestigation, announced after today's
hearing that the case would be post
poned until Thursday, in order that
additional witnesses might be sought.
CALIFORNIA VOTES
ON BONE DRY BILL
(Continued from Pag One)
cate the ratification, according to au
thorities here.
Another question discussed was
whether the state seal should be af
fixed to the resolution. This had been
don4 tonight.
SEVEN MORE JOIN LISTS
(By Review Leaned Wire)
CHICAGO, Jan. 14. Seven states to
day completed ratification of the pro
hibition . constitutional amendment,
and brought the number taking such
action to 30. The number necessary
for ratification is 3G.
Alabama, Arkansas. California, Illi
nois, Indiana. Kansas and North Caro
lina were the states that completed
ratification today.
In addition the Nebraska senate and
the Utah house voted for ratification.
The states which thus far have rati
fied the amendment are:
Kentucky, Virginia. Mississippi,
South. Carolina, North Dakota, Mary
land, Montana, Arizona, Delaware.
Texas. South Dakota, Massachusetts,
Georgia. Louisiana. Florida, Michigan,
Ohio, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Idaho,
Maine, West Virginia, Washington,
California, Indiana, Arkansas, Illinois,
North Carolina, Kansas and Alabama.
Total, 30.
MILITIA TO QUELL
ARGENTINE STRIKE
(Continnrd from Page One)
denying that a dictatorship hud been
established iu Argentina by General
Deliepiane.
"The report of General Dellepiane's
dictatorship is absolutely untrue,"
said the message. "Dellapiane's ap
pointment aa general commander of
all the forces in town only refers to
the riots. Every public institution
has been safeguarded and tonight the
prospects are better than they have
been."
COLONEL HOUSE SICK.
(Br Review Leased Wlrej
PARIS, Jan. 14. Col. Edward M.
House has been slightly ill , for the
past few days. He wag better today,
however, and expects to be out again
shortly.
The -New York Dairymen's league
is conducting a strike for the pur
pose of securing 4 cents a pound for
their milk.
STUFFED U? WITH
,SA BAD COLD?"
Get b'jsy with a bottle ofi
Dr. KinS'8 New Discovery
at once
Coughs, colds and bronchiat attacks
they are all likely to result in danger
ous aftermaths unless checked in time.
And how effectively and quickly Dr.
King's New Discovery helps to do tho
checking work! Inflamed, irritated
membranes are soothed, the mucous
phlerm loosened freely, and quiet,
restful sleep follows. 60c and $1.20.
AU druggists have Sold since 1S55
Constipation Emacipatlon
No more lazy bowels, yellow com
plcxtion, sick headache, indigestion
embara.inp breath, when you use as a
corrective Dr. Kini's New Life Tills.
They e tein.itize the system and keep
tho world looking cheerful, 25c,
Pv nvi'-w Leased Wirt)
WASH i Nil TON. Jan. 14 Tax rat s
on luxuries, semi-luxuries, amusement
i.nd admissions and club dues were
agreed upon today by the senate and
house conferees on the war revenue
iiill. Particularly all of the sena'e's
rates on luxuries and semi luxurie s
were accepted by the. house conferees.
Chairman Simmons, of the senate
inatiageis. said.
Kates in the house bill on amuse
ment admissions in excess of :M cents
were adopted by the conferees, the
senate managers accepting the high
house rate, but reaching a compromise
for retention of the senate rate on ad
missions of 3l cents or lefs. L'nder
the agreement the amusement admis
sion tax will be one cent on each len j
cents paid Ui to 3D cents and two
cents on each dime paid in excess" of !
30 cents. j
The house rate of two cents on each j
ten cents paid for admissions o roof i
gardens, cabarets and similar estab- j
lishments was adopted, as was the!
house rate of 2j per cent instead of
the senate rate of 10 per cent on the-1
ater boxes.
It is estimated that about $75,000.1)00
in revenue will be secured annually
from a.nusni.'nt admissions under the
conference agreement.
WARREN
CHURCH TO
RESUME
SERVICES.
Itev. and Mrs. Thomas A. Mitchell
are expected to arrive in the Warren
district Saturday from their former
home in Silver City, N. M.
Rev. Mr. Mitchell comes to the dis
trict to assume charge of the Chris
tian work under the auspices of the
Presbyterian church in Warren, South
Bisbee and Don Luis. This field has
been vacant since the departure.
August 1. ot Rev. A. J. Irwin, who is
now in Y. M. v". A. work. Rev. Mr.
Mitchell was due here some time ago.
but was delayed on arcount of the
quarantine place J on influenza. I
Advance plans embodying repairs j
rn the manse at Warren and the erec-j
tion of a church building at that i
place are being made. It is the pur-j
pose under the plan of the Federation!
of Churches in the state to emphasize j
the community idea and to make the ;
wotk broad enough for the united I
effort of aii churchgoers.
S2SC
SeiidaDoIlav
EECHYE RELIEF from
RHEUMATISM
r
TinSI'MAOHOL is -vt Internal IS-aedr
I r iih-ias J.U-a. it ia ccuipoun IM at
Jilaho iyr.iMEi. t'L. fcro tiioua Is of
mTf" hate f.-im-l reiitf fiva lilwa
xiwiic aches and pitUL
MIEUMCHOL
WILL
BANISH PAIN
RnTTMAClioL Kn t ilme u th wrm
ier rrniettr fr I.nmbaipt. i:out. Backartik
Inflamed ml Swrtllrn JoUii. l::ieums!Lsm.
ScUlicm. n.l Kulney alronlen artslng
frmn inc. I.tnir. cr ny other Mid
cxbUnf In tb blood.
DON'T DELAY SEND
5
$1.00 TODAY
Made Only by
H. E. MACH0L
TH. CHEMIST
Idaho Springs Col.
Every Bottle Sold
I ader a Uuaraatre
E3u
In Preparing
Specifications
it makes a whole lot of differ
ence what kind of lumber you
u&e. If the lumber is to come,
from us, you can figure on
quantities much closer than if
you don't specify us. There:
is no waste to our lumber. It'
can be used to the last inch.!
If your plans are as right as I
our lumber your building will
be a dandy, j
Bisbee Lumber Co
(Incorporated) I
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. ,
Lowell Car Stop. Phone 25
Saw Such a Ei"
Improvement
I "I can hardly find words to express
! the gratitude I r-ally feel over my
: wonderful increase in weight, health
laud strength," si.id Mrs. W. B. Scott.
who resides at !'ll Normandie strict.
Spokane, Wash.. i-c ntly in one of ti'g
I most reuii'i'kable statements yet puli
t lished in connection with Tat:! ic
"I h-.d iii'j"reil vh lay r-iii"
for four er li- j trs." si". I i Sic: .-.
'ami ;',,- :h. ), tvn years have ;..
under almo.-t constant tn a-ineni. I
j kyt getting wor.-. aiid until Iinaiiy I
'was advNed tnat an operr'.t'n'i was my
I only hope for rei-mrery. Y n,-r. 1 ner.t
! to the hospital 1 weigh-nl i.oum:-.
1 a:vl left alter t.io weeks' s ay tin-r-I
weighing only l;;u pou.ids. Tl.i.i ;;'" i
I tion was for an adhesio'i of ih" s:oi:i
j at h. inte.- tines and appeisdix. and for
a wm:e I sfemed to get aion tucsly.
But it was not long until 1 cinuiueiiceil
to suffer with awful pa las ov,-r :..y
right kidney, and it was iniposstcle ffir
me to lay on that side. Tln-n I w.s
told I would never have a peac I,t". mo
ment until I was operated on !ir this
! trouble also, and 1 just couldn't be ir
the thoughts c,f if.
"1 had been lfading about Tanlui
but my husband would not hear to tae
taking it. At last 1 sent and got a 1ot-
! tie without his know ledge, as I a sj
anxious to avoid another operation,
and that was one of tho luckiest days
of my life. Tac.lac soon gave ni; an
Partial List Of
Equipment For Sale
Six miies cf standard guage
rail-
road, 45 and 55 lb. rails; 75 tons ef 8 i
and 10 lb. relaying rails. 50 tons of All the equipment of these famous
12 and 16 lb.; Donkey Engines; Rail- mines now being dismantled and sold
road Gondolas; 100 Stamp Mill, com- at quick disposal prices. Everything
lete; Corliss Engines; Air Compress- must go nothing reserved The ma
ors; Hoists; Engines; Generators; chinery is guaranteed to be in first
Motors; 9 miles of 4 inch spiral rtv- class condition. You can secure every
eted pipe; 15.300 ft. of 4 inch, stand- imagir.ablo kind c equipment. Na
dard pipe; 8.0C0 ft. of 3 inch stand- m?tter hat your neds may b;. we
ard pipe; S.500 ft of 2' inch, stand- can s.ipply you if yoar order is p'aced
ard pipe; 8QC3 ft of 2 inch, standard
pipe; Ore Cars; Skips; Timber Cars;
Triplex Pumps; Boilers from 30 H. P.
to 300 H. P.; Rock Crushers; Lathes;
Planers; Drill Presses; Pipe Lathes:
Blowers: Boiler Feed Pumps; Assay
Outfits; Steel Tanks; Galvanized
Tanks; Steel Plates; Wire Cable, all
sizes; Grizzlies; Drills: Drill Steel;
Concentrating Tables; Complete
Blacksmith Outfits; Pulleys; B:!ting;
Valves; Pipe Fittings: Picks. Shovels,
axes; Vrcnches, Hammers. S'sdge
Hammers; Anvils.
PAY CASH
I
SPECIAL
One of the best laundry
oOO Will mml
J. B. ANGSUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
WHERE YOU CAN CO EETTER
Phone 29
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-16109
Copper Queen Hotel and agh-ciag cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a a carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon d.uly. Also $ I .CO dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $43.C0
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
f normotis opptite and I have gaii.i .i
in strength and weight wiHi evcty
tie. ! am (,n my mnth bo't e i .
have actually gaiivd ; ;-.:nnd -. wi'i
is ail i,lad iot. Wh.-n :ny pliysit-i.. :i
saw me -(bout t'i v.e. r.-. ;:: c.
he never s-n h n : :;.ro'. m. r ':.
a.n c!e au'i flu.t tr. '.io;.i':-"n .-; I
r.ot be nee- :..". s- en. ...: .
l.OW (it :,, In d i W.:. I!. . -
;..id cpr.-ratti.ii. i f.:--- :.tl i s : i.y:
'..'.icy. new a :i I :!ot''I (Vi-.t fvi it
usK to do all my hou.ev.urk
my coo' i!ig. 1 have s.:t
childliooii witli consti-ia:on
ini-Iaf'i'ii;
red Sire-
a rl since
; i.'-r;'r:'vp-
tukias Tau'ar 1 notii-e . ): i.n:
meat in tills respi-ct, nx. I at.i
indeetl to t- !i my fri-n.is liiou' '!
anil set ral ,f my ni :ehbi- ar.-
i
taking it on ace
O.'T." for Lie."
T:-.Rlac IS Sldd
11a. i. in Do . .:.. b;
at
v. ca-
i:.'
n r..s;
D..-.: --'i
1
,
;...i,y, ia !': 'adi. i
:to ie ;.y i:. A lg D.
Sij.'.ou . j. h. (..
i .
CJ..
I.'
A. A. Ni'j'..i!oii. 1.1 Lc.i :i ly Loed
Li:o coa.j-ny, in LiLsm i.y i:. y.
Moss I'han.'.ai ; . m 'ilei. , ;a by L.. .V
Ta lor. in Wa rer. Ly .'..ri . s i'ha:
aey. in Pi-i i :) by U . A. Taylor, i;.
Tct.ibs;u.?.j i-y 'loyd's Drus sti..-o, sJ
in McN'cal by .ic..'oa.l r.Iercan;i!e cc.u
pauy. JACKSON DEFEATS SOY!
J'INNfc.APU!.!S. Mum .
!1.
William Jack.;- -1. t..e New V ,r ;i. f--w'i.fit.
uei isively oufb'iv if a.ei viit
fcutiit Jjhrny Noye of .-.t. I il in
every rM jicl of a i-'-i -otr: I ! ;t iier.
tiii-!u.
JL'ST RI-XEIVED. IUG SHIPMENT
OF Rl'lilSLRS M KN'S. WOMEN'S
AND CHILDREN'S. THE FA in. - J
mmmmwm
, Equipment of Fanocs
. fice Prices.
immediately.
S'ock inspection can be made at C?n-
C'esa Junction. Write or wire for
prices on any desired machinery or
mining equipment
f
i Address Comm.unications to
mm r
Congress Junction, Arizona, cr COS
East Third Street, Lcs Angeles, Cal.
1
- FAY LESS
FOR TODAY
m
J
3
a
8
i
seeps on the market
1
fh Box H
$5.00 FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1919.
Published Every Day Except Monday, by the State Consolidated Publishing
Company
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press is exclusively entitled to the use for republication
of all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited to this paper,
and also, the local news published therein.
All rights of re-publication of special dispatches herein are also reserved.
Entered as Second Class
Mail Matter at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8, 1879.
POSSES FIND INSANE INTERESTING
WOMAN AFTER LONG IN SUPREM
SEARCH IN VALLEY
CASE NEW TRACKAGE
i
r. nni mT nuf
L tUUIll nmi
iniii
MIL
IS
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per month - - - j neighbors and relatives assisted by
inree mouuis - i
Six months - - 4-00
Twelve months i. - 7.50
Sunday (our weekly) per year 2.50
Sunday (our weekly per quarter - .'5
No Subscription Taken for Less Than 75c
Boosting Building
Tucson, through the chamber of commerce, is taking one step in the
right direction. By and through it, emrloyment will be afforded in the city
for many men who otherwise might be without positions, and the results
will be more than beneficial ii the long run, to the city. Erection of many
buildings is the plan which Tucson has adopted.
Demand for tourist accommodations prompted the action of the chamber
of commerce, according to the newspaper reports. Impetus was added to the
tentative outlines by the government request that each community increase
so far as possible public construction and improvement. The chamber ap
pointed committees of business men to solve the city's problem of more
houses and more employment and the committees have now made recom
mendations. Included in the plans of the Old Pueblo are an "inn, with bungalows,"
to cost $160,000, to be built through public co-operation; the construction of
ten or more 6mall dwellings by owners of unimproved city lots; and construc
tion by all owners of city lots unoccupied of homes either for renting pur
poses cr for sale. It is estimated that additional accommodations in the city
for at least two hundred persons can be secured through this plan.
Tucson will prosper in two ways through construction under these plans,
additional residents in the city will mean additional business for the stores.
Building of residences will mean work for more mechanics of the thirteen
unions of craftsmen in the building trades. Both will mean co-operation of the
city of Tucson with the federal government iu supplying work during months
to come when business depression may stagnate the labor market.
Only two other plans in tie state have been launched which compare with
the Tucson scheme, and they are both in the Warren district. The first is
the building program outlined by the mining companies in the new Third
Addition to Warren. The other is proposed street improvement for Bisbee.
A third statewide movement is scheduled to start this month, when good
road men will meet in Phoenix to plan expenditure of large sums in build
ing main line arteries across and through Arizona. ,
Uti'ii-w I'lio-nix Hineaiii
KNIX, Ariz., Jan. 14 With the
! filing of the record of appeal in the su-
After a search of 4S hours in which ' l,rem(i c,mrt of tho rase of Georse E
and Kila Shute versus the Fidelity &
sheriff s posse hunted through the Sul-i Loan association, an interesting situa-
phur Springs valley and the foothills"10" "as reGard to the
of the neiehborimr mountains for her. 'ri-'le ot sio( k of building associations.
Miss Ethel Hutcheson. ateu about 25
years, daughter of .Mr. and Mrs. E
BEING LAID
ROAD YARDS
Lawyers and Ethics
Secretary J. E. Nelson, of the Arizona Bar Association, has appealed to
the members of the organization to appear in Phoenix at its annual meeting
to, among other things, "bring the profession back to the high standard it set
in the territorial days, the equal of any bar in the country.". In the secre
tary's appeal one note is struck that appeals even to the layman who has
been watching the law and lawyers in Arizona for the last seven or eight
years. It rerds: "Ethics seem to have no place in the scheme of things. The
word 'lawyer' is fast becoming a term of opprobrinm instead of one of the
highest respect."
The average "man has cften wondered' about laywers and. particularly.
. . ' , 1 f ! .. T, lAo lonn on (llncfvo nimlilV tn tlVC
about tne etiiirs oi me leai iuirssiuu. n ua . . ---
been enjoyed by attorneys and respected by them. It is credited with being
the keystone on which the profession has risen to a foremost place in the
confidence and esteem of the American people.
The cause of Mr. Nelson's appeal for a betterment in the ethical standards
of Arizona h-wyers appeals to us to be merely a part of a trend of the age.
The secretary of the Ariozna Bar association condemns this trend in this
state and, br unintentional inference, would lead the reader to believe that
Arizona, alone, is afflicted with this peculiar and undesirable state of af
fairs. In reality the downward trend of professional ethics, not only among
lawyers but in many others, has been constant for a number of years. It
has kept pace with the uneasiness of the age t'lat has. at last, come to the
surface in the various isms we now see.
The term "lawyer" has meant much to th people of this and many other
countries. It has meant respect ,for the man who studied and who knew
the law. The ethics of the profession did not bother the client, but were
there always and served as his protection. Just as the ethics of business,
the sthics of the medical fraternity and the ethics of any other profession
make for a better profession and a better civilization, the lack of them spell
the deterioration of that profession so involved.
We do not propose an. panacea for the'evil but we do not thing that
the legal profession-is entirely to blame; for. after aU, lawyers are as human
as brickmasons or bankers. The trouble probably lies with the people,- them
selves It is the average ethics that usually permeates the entire structure
of a citizenship. The average in this nation, during the last decade and more,
and in spite of added opportunities in every direction, has suffered a retro
grade movement. It has been the proud distinction of the legal profession that
the average did not govern in its ranks. But the trend of our age has loosened
the grip that the Aest in the profession held on it and the present state
of affairs is the result .
Arizona is -both fortunate and unfortunate in its lawyers. So is it in
doctor.- merchants, office holders and every other profession. If every pro
fession should be cleaned and purged, the state would, indeed, be in a cata
gory by itself. The Arizona Bar association is making the first step in
taking one that is, indeed, commendable and should be followed by all pro
fessions within the state and nation. Tucson Star.
Continued Thrift
, The suit v.-as initiated in Gila county,
i I'he a t ion was instituted in M irch.
! of the nresert war hv the loan asso-
Hutcneson, prominent residents of the ciatiOI1 in an e(lort to recover $.'5,619
Servoss section, was traced to a point alleged to be due them for 12u shares
near the 44" ranch, late Monday ait- of stock purchased in the corporation
ernoon and captured. She arrived in I hy ,ne defendants. According to the
. . . . , - , record, the stock was bought in 19'l!.
Tombstone yesterday in custody of of ' . . . , . . '
J J ! the purchasers giving a note for $iimi0
ficers-. exhibiting every indication ofjwnich wa3 gecurcd by the Title
being demented. She will be taken be-1 Guarantee & Trust company, which is
fore a lunacy commission today to : a!so made co-appellee in the appeal,
have her sanity examined into. According to. the agreement made
Miss Hutcheson, who formeny was at the time of the sale of the stock.
a school teacher and was considered
an exceptionally bright young woman,
had the influenza about a month ago.
Although she recovered physically,
her mind was affected. Recently she
showed signs of becoming violent and
was put under restraint while the
sheriff's office was notified. Satur
day, eluding the guard which had been
placed over her, she escaped from her
father's home and until Monday after
noon, approximately 48 hours later,
she could not be found.
She is said to have been thinly clad
when she left home and to have been
in a pitiable condition when taken into
custody.
the remainder of the purchase price
was to be paid in installments togeth
er with a premium of $36 per month,
for preference. Sometime before the
legal proceedings began, Mr. and Mrs.
Shute discontinued the payments
cleaiming that they had paid the orig
inal value of the stock, and based
their defense upon the allegation that
if the sum asked by the association
was due on the stock, the company
was guilty of usury.
A judgment of $3463.70 was returned
in favor of the association in the low
er court.
KEW POLITICIANS IN
TwoOrphansLeftli LEGISLATURE
ai iteview umct
Two orphans, ten days old. plump,
round, full of infant life, w ith eyes wide
in wonder at the world they are see
ing, were left at the office of The Re
view early yesterday morning. Their
mother had disappeared. Their fath
er can do nothing for them; he's just
plain fox terrier.
The orphans, pride of t';e composing
room, were born behind one of the
linotype machines ten days ago. The
mother, who answers to the name of
Alterations in the trackage of the
El I'aso &. Southwestern railroad in
the Bisbee yards have been begun
which when completed will provide
five limes the present amount of
"teaming" sidings, with accommoda
tions for approximately 2n cars to be
"spotted" at one time for unloading. .
Ample rcont wiil be afforded for the;
handling of motor trucks or wagons in ;
the space between the two trucks. The '
Perceptible difference in operation
f.om any other trip when gasoline
was used, evept that the shalt would
not uliow the engine to be oine beat-
el. An avenge spe-ed of " mi!ei
a.i hour was made on the fuel on the
icvrl stretches, while on thj hill
giades tie two men took their time.
No effort at speeding was made. The
! fuel was purchased in Tombstone and
is retailing at 15 rents per gallon.
The ca.n shaft also is installed upon
' a number of cars in this district for
! test purposes and is being u.ed with
distillate ami kerosene, as well as
I tops, it can be attached to any four
cycle engine, Banks said.
The factory in Los Angeles now
; has attained a daily output of "4 com
l plete outfits per day and is beng l:
crepsed as largely as possible us time
goes on.
; Heavy orders already have been ro
; ceived from this county.
work is In charge of Roadinaster M. T.
it io innporrn rnn
Lewcbn. who has been making fre-klflN . AnnUlFU tlltS
(juent trips from division headquarters j ,w
in Douglas to supervise it. iCAII IIDC Tfl DIP UQ
The two old teaming tracks which j f ft . U fi L IU I AUN lllu
have been in use for some time are to ;
be taken up. The new tracks will be I RCPIP DATIflM PADRC
about 90 feet apart. Much filling has nLUl U H A I I U It U A II U 0
been done recently by the Phelps
Dodge corporation near the C?.!:r shaft :
and new ore loading bins have been
under construction, being almost com
pleted. One of the tracks will ru
near the new bins, the other about W
feet to the north, leaving ample room
for manipulation of teams engaged in
unloading cars on the tracks.
The old ere bins to the eastward of i,
the new ones, are to he dismantled in ;
the near future and the track which
now passes them will be taken up.
Rails and ties will be removed from
the ground to a point about 2 mi feet
northwest of. the Holhrook change
house. This material will Le utilized
in building the teaming tracks. Alto
gether, by the new arrangement, about
1500 feet of additional track room w.n
be provided. The track from the liol-
! Even though the war be over and
the army and navy discharging men
; by thf) hundreds of thousands every
week no man in the draft age is e
! cure from arrest unless he carries
l in his person his registration and
' chissiiiration cards. This was shown
when City Marshall J. a. Kempton of
1 thi.-, city received a letter from James
Rirhar.l Murphy, formerly a resident
I cf Hisfcee. saying that he was in jail
in Tucson and requesting that the offi
cer obtain from the local express
- office his registration aad classifica- j
Kempton did as requested and. on ! Women Win With
looking in the ba'.-tnue which is at
i the !oc;M express office, found tv
LOCAL BAKERS ARE
GIVEN BREAD PRICE
INCREASEBYBOARD
On tue strength of cost sheets for
materials employed in the making of
their product, the bakeries of the
Warren district have been given the
privilege; by the state food adminis
tration of increasing the price of a
ltounce loaf of bread from 10 cents
to lz cents. This orJer was re
ceived rsterday and presumably will
go into effect in the immediate future.
Throughout the war period the fair
price committee here maintained the
price oi i lie 16-ounce lcat at 10 cents
over the protest of the bakers. Re
cently, however, the bakers submitted
to the state admmiscration cost
shtK-n s'lowing that all materials used
ia making their product was high'
gi-:u!.? and ha.- to be shipped in at a
pi ice which left them hardly any
pro! it when the finished product was
retaile.I at 10 cents. The permission
to Incretie 2 l-a cents on the loaf was
tho answer.
As far as can be learned at this
time there will be no increase in the
price of California bread, sold by a
number of stores here, and for which
there, is heavy demand. It was pre
dicted, however, that the California
bakers might demand a correspond
ing Increase when the news of the
local rate reached them. At present
the price of the local bread and that
of one California bakery is on: a par
ity, while another brand of California
bread in 20ounce loaves sells for 18
cents.
brook change house to the high line 1 classification cards issued by the Col
o a Perfect Score
will be left intact.
(Special tn The Review)
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 14 The open
ing sessions of the house and senate
have given political observers a fair
opportunity to ' size up the two
groups who are sitting down to the
task of making .the laws of this state
ior tuo next, two years.
As a legislative body the senate
naturally has the advantage in being
made up of a large number who
have had previous legislative experi
ence. 1 here are many new Mces m
v ills. Wash., loc al board. The first I
The new side tracks will not be used i 01 ,ne3P ,!a(ea ,ne -voune: n,an ln 1 " T 7 'ouaraeul l ,""
for ordin-.rv "frp.vhf hmw" Khi, .' Cass A 1. tut the se.-ond stated that! M. t. A. wnich ended recently was
ments. but goods in carload lots will i aUer !-sical examination he had j n by the fair sex. the woman's team
lie spotted on them.
Another advantage of the
been found unfit for service and.,' winning seven games out of seven
"Nut." was the property of Harry i lhe sea.lte or rati,tr new to the sen
Swartz, operator of the linotype. The at(J many o( them are gratiuates
two pups'came into the worlJ while from the house.
Editors of all shades of political opinion have found at least one point on
which they can agree perfectly that the government has done wisely in con
tinuing to offer the people the opportunity for continued thrift by its plan of
sel'ing thrift stamps and baby bonds.
These little securities, which are within the reach of the poorest of us.
have enabled us as a nation to save someth-.ng over a billion dollars in the
past year a billion that otherwise would have been spent as carelessly as
we are in the habit of spending our small change.
More than eleven million Americans have beepme the holders of Liberty
bonds and. to the great majority of these, the bonds represent the first real
savings thev have ever made. It is probable that the baby bonds are held
by close to one-half our population and it would mean a wonderful progress
if every man, woman and child in the country had a few of these little thrift
inducers tucked away with his other valuables.
It cannot be repeated too often that tJirift is nothing but a habit
and there is no easier way of acquiring it than by ot'ing thrifty. In this
case, this means buying one of the little blue bonds every week or every
month as one's iocketbook can afford.
The Worm Turns
The chamtier of commerce in one of the cities of the middle west spends
a couple of dollars every d:.y in wiring the administration what it thinks about
government operation of the railroads. This particular town is largely de
pendent upon one railway bystem.
Ti'ere were formerly .-ix or eight trains a day of local importance, but
now there is really but one that is available for stoppers from the immediately-tributary
countrv. That dors not reach the town until 1 o'clock in the
ap-'monn and the outgoing train leaves at 5. so that visitors have a scant
four hours to herd their bundles. The city might be able to endure this con
dition if !.' service were on time, but it never is at least not since the first
day :t 'siablishi'd.
The town being a division terminal, the outgoing trains are usually on
time, but the incoming ones never. The Hrrival is always from one to three
TiA'.ir's late i;r.d the citizens tav that someliines the visitors do not get in in
liack, as it were, n con-1
Swartz was grinding out news for
readers of The Review. For nine
days mother and pups thrived, and
on the tenth "Nut" became ill.
Eariy yesterday morning the little
mother went apparently insane. S.:e
dashed from The Review office up
Tombstone canyon, deserting her
babies and her master. She has not
returned.
Swartz reared the little fox terrier
As a matter of fact few are with
out legislative experience though fjw
remain of the old senatorial organ
ization. These are Campbell of Co
conino. Claridge of Graham. Clay
pool of Gila. Wilkinson of .Maricopa.
Goodeli of Pima, Devine of Pinal and
Winsor of Yuma. j
Conspicuous by Absence
Conspicuous by their absence from
the? senate chamber are Ferguson of
. : therefore, was nlaced in Class 5. This I playeJ and having a perfect score.
rangement will be the additional space ! cleallt he Practically was exempt from The team captained by Earl WIttig
arrorded for the roadwav leading past udlv- , 6""'c"
the Phelps Dodge Mercantile com- The f3,'ds were forwarded to Mur-;and one lost.
panv's warehouse and past the various P!l.v yesterday in care of the Jail at '- Blair made the nigi average
shafts of the Copper Queen branch. ' Tucson. ! of the tournament, bowling a very
The old railio.i.i irr..iie with ,,.! j ( on.-ister t game and emerging with
paratively small amount of filling, will
be utilized for the roadbed. This will
be much wider than the present road
and on an easier grade, affording less
chance for accidents. As many of the
miners drive to and from their work
in their own cars, safety on the road
is quite a consideration.
The work at present is fairly well
started with a gang of Mexican labor-
' t 135 1-7 to his crediL M. U. Drury
i A j-t yi)if nfP TlV?tl?' madt' ",e n'Kl1 8Cro of the tourna
! XXiVtt. 1 1 Ul JT III t-l.-.ment with 25 pins in a single game,
i 77 J 1 T tt From among the high, average play-
iteiieVCU Oil JLetier. be chosen the team to rep-
. . : itsisnt the local "Y" against Douglas
and other nearby cities. The person-
i The anxiety of Mr. and M: v C. H. cl of tile team has not yet been an
; Duncan of Bakers ille. which had led ujunced.
i ;hcia to a; peal for assistance i:i The standing nf th iKlm at tho
irom the bottle, ami now he is nuking j Santa O ur. Whipple of Graham,
the two pups in the same manner, j Kccncy of Gl'.a. Rutherford of Yava
lle is hoping, however, for the return pai. Getchell of Yavapai. Hall of
of "Nut," a small fox terrier with j .Maricopa. Maddox of Navajo, Fred
brindle head, black spot on left side- j Sutter of Cochise, Mahoney of
and bobbed tail w ith white tip. Mohave. Chas. Roberts of Cochise,
And The Review mm posing room I and Fred T. Colter of Apache. This
force is mourning the lo.ss of a mascot, j statement does ' not apply with full
! force to the last two named. Both
Colter and Roberts have been seen
lurking on the outskirts of tne sen
ate chamber bs if drawn by some
unaccountable attraction a:id thty
have besn veiy prominent In hob
nobbing in political groups about the
hotels and in the capitol corridors
for the past several days.
.The new untried senatorial tim
ber consists of Elliott of Greenlee,
Young of Gila. Hicks of Yavapai.
Herniion ot Mohave, all democrats
and Whining, republican, of Apache.
The political complexion is darklv
democratic, there being five repub-
... ... .... ... i, x i vi; iiiiri i a i a.
New Faces in the House
Many new faces appear in the
house. It is much more of complex
body in the make-up of its member
ship than the senate. There are wid
er divergences of opinion, there is a
wider representation of interests
and for that reason clashes may be
expected between the near-bo'.sheviki
and the near-autocrats, between the
mining interests and the agricultural
interests. ,
There are comparatively . few hold
over members. These are Francis of
Cochise. Lines and Peterson of
Graham. Mrs. McKay of Gila. Cof
fee ot Greenlee, Mrs. O'Neil of Mari
copa, Perkins and Sullivan of Yava
pai and Eddy of Yuma. '
Tho membership is divided l
twecn nine republicans and L'G
democrats.
There is one more woman member
this year than in the last session.
Mrs. McKay of Gila, Mrs. O'Neill of
Maricopa. Airs. Westover of Yuma,
and Mrs. Hayuard of Cochise con
stitute the woman membership this
year. '
Light Snow Sends
Shivers Over City
After several days of warm weather,
some of them positively as balmy as
ordinary spring weather, a snowstorm
descended suddenly upon Bisbee late
yesterday afternoon and alter a slight
fall lasting several hours, set in in
earnest toward 5:'Ju. However it J
ceased later and the temperature drop
ped. Indications were that there would
be a light coating of "the beautiful"
if any on the ground by morning.
Hundreds of people who went to
their work in the morning or early
afternoon found themselves caught
downtown without wraps und many
hurried trips were made to get over
coats. Remembering the recent cold t-nap
in which most of the residence -sections
of the Warren district were de
prived ot water for days on account
of frozen plumbing, forehanded people
all over the district are said to havj
filled every available vessel in their
homes with water in order to have a
supply this morning if the pijK's froze
again.
ers going ahead as rapid'lvas possible, j k'8,r,li"K 'rbn'nl a"d lrob-. rlosP , the toUrnament was:
The new tracks leave the main linelable fa,e o',.1" r.rnest Dun-; V. U
i can. was relieve J yesterday w.ien a
letter was received from tl'.e young
man. He now is with the American
yard track near the Phelps Dodge war
house. Mininir cfininnte and pn rrh-tnu
accustomed to receive carload iots of. ,hir a,'my- '5!,J dl --;" !n ilrttbur.
goods and material, doubtless will ap-' Cernmny. but u with the irmy when
predate the improvement aslt will do " "oiupicd Luxemburg, passing
awav with manv of the. inconveniences ! lh'ih 'he wonderful experiences
experienced in handling freight from whlc:i tu ,ne Iuf 01 allks
the present four ear capacity tracks. Th:j iva (ht! f:rit Im,-r Mr- aml !
Mrs. I:uncau had had from tlieir son
ia three months and they feared he
had been killc-J or desperately wound-1
ed beiore the declaration of the armi
Ladies
Y'ittig ...
Ann::; . . .
i;'3'.' .. .
i'riinin ..
Harrison
I.'on-rs . . .
Cobbe ..
Tie.
Pet.
1.000
.!57
.714
.."71
.429
.167
.Hi
.('0
CAR BURNS TOPS ON
TRIP FROM TOMBSTONE
MINE MACHINERY SALE
AROUSES INTEREST
MANY KILLED AT PRZEMYSL
Tops, the cheapest grade of petrol-
The announcement of a few days
I auo of the total dismantlement and
j Mile 011 the open market of the famous
1 Congress, Alvaradu anj Rincorn mills
i;as created considerable interest
Alleged Defaulter
Sent to Tombstone
Tom M. Foster, sail to have been
a traveling representative .of the
Sinter Sewing Machine company, with
headquarters in Tucson, was brought
to Tombstone late yesterday bv A. E.
Parmer, deputy sheriff of Douglas, to I
answei to a charge of eninezzlement
brought against him by his
eiV, according to telephonic
last ni-'lit.
Foster who. by the wav. is no rela
lion of !;rputy Sheriff Tom C. Fos
Dowell President
ffi of Country Club
Fly Tvieir l.i!ftl Wlrel
GENEVA. Jan. 14 (i y the Assori-
eu:n fuel, usually associated with ir-ated Press . Two thousand persons 1 among miting men. Rosenburg i Co.
rigauon engines ana similar consum- :iave been killed at I'rzemysl. tialtcia. I of Los Angeles, which concern haa
ing agencies, was the fuel on which ' by the I'krainians. according to a j taken coarse of the dismantling and
a Ford car. owned by John Logan, a dispatch to the Ne;;e Freie Pres.se ot j selling of the hu-e stock, reports
laiichi.-r of the Hereford vicinity, with Vienna, a copy of which has been re-1 lnre sale to mining companies and
W. R. "Scotty" Banks, of this city as ceived here. j individuals in all parts or the south
passenger, made the trip from Tomb- Ti.e L'kraniaus have been bombard-' WCst air! west.
stone to Bisbee, yesterday afternoon, ing Premysl for several days past by A considerable number of buyers
The use of this fuel was mde pos- land aad by air. and conditions ia the, f-0111 ditierenl parts of the country
sible by a second lift cam saaft, in- town are described as terrible. expect to arrive at Coneress Junction
stalled by l.anks for experimental The gas and electric plants have; .vnz., at un early date to personally
puiposes. The patent is owned by the been destroyed and there is no light inspect the equipment desired, and
("anion Automatic- Air association, in the town. Water and fedd also are Rosenburg - Co. expert to coin plete
the majority of whose stockholders lacking. tlu. sap cf the ra;!ls- standard stock
are peoile of the Warren district. ! f machinery anj mining and iudus-
The trip was made without inci REVIEW WANT ADS ! trhll equipment during the next few
dent, Mr. Banks said, and with no, BRING RESULTS weeks.
'"' ! I " 1 .' W
. ...f.. T!-..r.m? 1 amuK vpu f 11IIH' ii'AI-K SI It WCTC.
time 10 t'o .;- ..". iw " " - T ' . J1 ,hv t:, v,w l..-.isvt Wirn
ditions are n-.t altered the rural business of a city of more tuan torty tnousami ;lU,. n;oM LU V. Ala.. Jan. 14
ipbahitants viM be practically wrecked. From a field of i starters, six dogs
Id other ii.e- s t lines were in competition and trains were m"'c were selected in preliininary tiials to-
.1 . 11.1 .... T-l '. - .1 . .. r . 1 & -
Hid iuvaiiably on time under normal earner eoiuin ions. 1 m-: ciay ior wie in-rny si a he 01 me. .n-
a 1 u ., .i u ,.r it it u iu lip nrn in con- 1 1111 tai r leiu inais association loinm-
x nn-i iikii -... " - . . .. . . . . 1. 1.. ... 1 1
; ,nl tow :it ( ;i nillli. 1 lie ilou's s e tei . " ' ' """ 1
l 1 II t-.,llli fit- I un I , I ii ,' . . . I , .. .. ... ,. 'l-l , . r ,-.,
..iiteil i le IJigelie s iiliost. liiiiltinau in-
lr. .Jo'ill Davis, lean . .meuse. , r, .... ......
iii.enirw Oiieeii ami .lul.n LmUiii i l"'d '"inl the li'xi ni.etiim which
Jak.
numerous
business was stimillat
ince the dwellers in cities of which this case
..iirmion is anything short of a crime. As a war meigency people
wr.Iii iit complaint a service that i- not In be tnlrr;ited 111 wln'c mall s com;
try in tun' s of peace
Between ,",i and 60 iuciiiIm i-s of the
W'li t rt ll llivtrifi r.Miiarv ,ltili u-eri.
t.r of Lowell, was capiured in Mesa.; ,)t ,.,st n,sht at )he anUMa, ..,.
near Phoenix, and Parmer was sent j jnK ()f ,,. w ,li(.h W.J( ,.,,, fr
a.ter hnn. ,h ,,,,,-p,,. o! P,.,.tjK a )iir, f
No definite information a to ' '"' j rei tirs to serve the club din ing the
amount of his alleced defalcation (su;K V(;ir Th(, vU.,.tiun w;(s ..
an.!.! be ol.tame;! la.-t nmht. hy a dinner.
COGS CHOSEN FOR RACE A. M,(;n gor. 1. F. Burgess.
I Vance Johnson. J. ('. Cowan. K. K.
j h : y. A. .1 lUlmfoi th. P. M. Iluc k
I waiter and Arthur Houle.
Immediately following their election.
I the directors lin t Ulid elected tS. H.
1 loell. president; A. (J. MiCii'gor.
F. Iliirgess. seere-
Health and Happiness
Women of today seem to listen to rverv call of dtitv except
flic siij.iviiu- one thai toils tli.'in to spiiini their he;ilt!i. Home
duties, linreli duties, war activities, and tlio !nindred-iiti(i-iine
alls fur cliaritiilile eiitet prises simiii lead women to overdo.
Nervousness, headacLcs, backaclics and female troubles are the
inevitable result.
Philadelphia, Pa. I was very tvrak. at.
nays tired, my back ached, and I felt sickly
mo-t of the time. 1 went to a dm-tor and he
said I had nervous indigestion, which, added
to my weak eoiuliliou. Uept me worrying most
of the time and be said if I eouM not stop
that. I could not tret noil. I heard so much
aiioiit Lyilia K. Ptiikbam s Vegetable Com
pound my husband wanted mr to try it. I
took it for a week and felt a little better. I
kcp it up for three months, and I feci fine
and can eat anything now without distress
or nervoiisiii'ss. Health and happiness?
Yes. I have lth now." Mrs. .1. WoKTHI lK,
2U North Taylor Street. Philadelphia. Pa. ,t
The majority cf women nowad.iya
overdo, thetT1 are so many demand
Mtxin tlieir time and strength; the result
is invariably a weakened, run-4loMi
nervons eondiiimi witii lieatlaehes, baek-
aene, lrntal.uitv atvl liepiessitm and
soon more serious ailments develcp.
Aoid ilietn by taking in time
.India E. PlnkliaM's
Vegetable Compouii
mp' i r-- --V'A
fee
I w ill It-
eld at an early date.
t - . .s,
... .
Amu 1
i
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1919.
FIVE
1
DAILY REVIEW WAN! ADS
Advenisenu-nts uiitltr this hauJ at the rate of 1 cent per word each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisemmts must reatU Tiie Keiew office not later than 8 ?. m. lor insertion in next morning's paper.
Male Help Y anted
WANTED All around tailor or pants
maker, at once, rhil'.ip Doffinan,
Allen block, Bisbee, Aria. 8u7
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Girl for housework, stay
nights. Box 1430, Bisbee. 836
WANTED Kitchen woman at once.
Warner hotel dining room. 8ii2
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position, by experienced !
stenographer. R. S., Review. SOI !
WANTED Position as maid, also .
taxe bundle work home. All work
r.lued. Thone 42. Daisy Gar-
. , colored. 870
W-NIED Exceptionally good busi
ness man, several years experience,
mining, merchandising and account
ing, out of employment at this time
acount of certain after the war con
ditions. K., care Review. 914
WANTED Day work by lady.
Black 604.
Phone
837
For Rent
FOR RENT Three furnished 'house
keeping rooms. 188 Naco road, op
posite Holbrook stop. Phone Blue
652. 917
FOR RENT Three room furnished
house with bath. 109 Laundry hill.
Phone Black 858. Apply Jack Davis,
76 Laundry hill. 911
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. No children. 49 O. K. street.
933
FOR RENT two furnished rooms for
light housekeeping, water and lights
furnished. No children. Close in.
No hill. Phone Black 723. 934 :
l
FOR RENT Sleeping rooms. Elliott '
flats, Clawson hill. Close in. 903
FOR RENT Nice batching" room.
Ozark house, 71 Brewery avenue.
876
4 '
FOR RENT Furnished room for one
or two gentlemen. 157 Opera Drive, j
SS0 j
, . i
FOR RENT Housekeeping and batch
ing apartments, one two-room house
close in. 31 C O. K. street. Call
Black 571. 879
FOR RENT Furnished , room, close
in, reasonable, private entrance. 46
Quality hiil. 902
FOR RENT One furnished room,
gentleman preferred. Mrs. Grace
Williams, ClawFon hill. 9i-0
FOR RENT Two unturnished room.
221 Brophy avenue. S'.9
FOR RENT Room with large sleep
ing porch, two beds suitable for two
men, bath connection, private en
trance, garage. Inquire at the old
M. P. John house, corner Dautro
maat and Navajo trail. SSI
FOR RENT Two housekeeping
rooms. Apply next to Hayes house.
Tombstone canyon. 96
FOR RENT Two furnished front!
rooms for light housekeeping. Stag
club. 869 j
I
FOR RENT Four rooms and bath, ;
concrete bouse. No children. L. R.
Allen, Locklin avenue. 860 !
FOR RENT One nice three room ;
apartment well furnished for light i
housekeeping. 80 Moon avenue.
Phone 645. 835 j
FOR RENT Furnibhed cabin with'
screen porch. Suitable for batching.
Apply 45 Hi,;h road. 8U7 j
FOR RENT Four room house and i
garage in Don Luis. Phone 3'J6-R-2.
815
FOR RENT Furnished apartments.
Star rooming house, opposite city
park. S'.'S
FOR RENT Rooms in private family,
men preferred. Apply 69 Roberts.
Mason hiil. 780
FOR RENT Huusekecpiag rooms,
Branson block, Johnson audition.
No children. 7S6
FOR RENT La.ge ofli'-e room, good
location. Apply to M. C. High, real
estate. Office, Allen block. 575 :
. i
FOR RENT Pasture for grazing cat- j
tie by month. Samuel Leiendecker, ,
Hereford, Ariz. 642
Miscellaneous
FORD CYLINDERS RERORED Tex
as Garage, Lowell. 821
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE '
From $2 up All c;rs-ts carefully j
fitted. Ines Warburton, next Art-!
zona Grocery store, upper Main. 4J.J j
PIANO LESSONS Mrs. 11. S. Powell.
Ash apartments, 12S Opera Drive.
677
WRITE TO "Y. .".I. C. A. School. Los
AiiKilfs," alro'it Auto, Radio. Com
mercial and Engineering courses. ,
Train lor set vice. 26H
SCECOND HAND CLOTHES Bought, i
Phone 739, City Dye Works 604 ;
BUNDLES OF OLD PAPERS At t'.i '
Review office. Large bundles, price I
25c. I
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per-!
sonal ntte to salaried mcii and o
mcn, also on turnilure. Cox Lo-u j
company. Room 7, Spaiks Kline '
building- 100
For Sale
FOR SALE Five room house- with
j hath, pautry and wash house. Apply
j Mr. Gilbert, 50 Laundry hill. 5S5
FOR SALE Cheap, my home, orch-
ard, w ell, garage, lot 150x100, by
j Garlield school. Tombstone canyon.
I O. Q. Kirchner. 913
i FOR SALE miS model -S5" Over
i laud, cheap. See Gates, room 48,
; j Lowell hotel. 909 j
l I
; FOR SALE Four rooms of good furn
i iture, almost new, for half price. '
Leaving town,
store.
Call at South Bisbee i
912!
!FOR SALE Gas range, cheap. In-1
quire Laundry hill, Higsins house,
i No. 2. 910 !
I FOR SALE Furnished house with
: sewerage connection, rents for third
j its value, besides living room for
, medium laniily. Terms if desired.
I 67 Upper Lowell. 843
FOR SALE Overland "six," seven
passenger, run 4ti00 miles, new bat
! teries and magneto. Will trade for
i roadster. H. F. M., care Review.
874
FOR SALE French range.
Ozark.
Apply
873
FOR SALE Two lots on Oregon
street, one on Chicago avenue, Lo
well, Johnson addition, each 30x60
feet. Address M. J. Greenan, Oak
land, Calif, General delivery. 875
FOR SALE Almost new kitchen
cabinet. First house south of high
school. Clawton hill. Mrs. Grace
Williams, Clawson hill. 901
FOR SALE Prospect 21 per cent cop
per ror tlOOO. Call at Sunset house.
City. 04
FOR SALE Six room house, furn
ished or unfurnished. Large garage.
Terms. 10S Upper Lowell. jvi
FOR SALE Furniture for five room
house. 62 A Brewery Gulch. 8S4
FOR SALE 1916 Ford, J250
See Sol' Morgensteiu, Lowell.
cash.
862
FOR SALE Kentucky sorghum mo
j lasses, at G. O. Branson's, Johnson
j addition. Just arrived. 832
FOR SALE 30 acres citrus fruit laud
ia Florida, two miles from seashore.
! - half mile from railroad station, high
! and dry, for independent home or in
vestment. Inquire P. O. Box 272. 8iti i
I
FOR SALE Nicely furnished four
room modern house in Warren.
! Terms, $1000 cash, balance terms.
' Box 702, Warren. 838
FOR SALE OR RENT 160 acres of
laud oa Naco road, near Don Luis.
Five ioo:u house, all necessary out
buildings in good repair; also furni
ture lor sale. Extra good quality,
same as new. Will sacrifice for im
i mediate sale. J. H. Kins, F- O. Box
! 83S. Phone 802 F-ll. 839
FOR SALE lu Warren, four rooiu
house, modern, completely furnished
with $300 piano. Yard fenced with
good shed and chicken house. $1500
will buy this little home. One block
from Vista park, second house on
Van Dyke street. Box 899. 857
FOR SALE 160 acres ot potante
ground, lots of water. Four room
house and fence. Sulphur Spring
valley. Anplj P. O. Box 1695. 838
FOR SALE Furniture for 24 rooms,
five two-room apartments, 14 sleep
ing rooms, in Star Williams rooming
house, opposite city park on Brew
ery avenue. Mrs. George N. Wolfe.
809
FOR SALE Ford touring car, A-l
condition. Price $450. Terms ar
ranged. Apply Ford garage, John
son addition. 747
FOR SALE One lour room house
i and cabin furnished, beautiful
j yard.' Terms. Hogan &. Seed. 247
FOR SALE Four room modern
j house, screened-in porch and sleep
i ing porch, good well, large levjl
' ground with 20 fruit trees, chicken
yards and houses, garage and ware
house, located Tombstone canyon,
desirable location. See Gus Haig'.er,
the Main street real estate man.
. . 2S0
FOR SALE Seven room modern
house, with bath, sleeping poich,
lare cement porches, two wells,
water system installed, for house
and garden purposes, large level lor,
garage for two cars, orchard of 60
fruit trees. This is a choice lota
lion in Tombstone canyon, riht on
the car line. For price aiid terms
see Gus Haigler, the Main street
real estate man, opposite postoffice.
279
FOR SALE Marx rooming house,
Lowell. Inquire upstairs. Cash
proposition. Daniel O'Neil'.. proprie
tor. 607
F'JR SALE Uncalled for suiU. M.
Levin, Lowell, Ariz. 597
FUR SALE - Prospect 21 per cent cop
per for ( at S.nisri hou.w.
City. 859
1'Oit SALE-Four-plate Dangler gas
range, good as new. P. O. Box 21S6.
FOR SALE The Pressure cooker.
Phone 7:14 lor cookers or demonstra
tion. Bisbee Mattress Works. 548
FUR SALE-Upright piano, standard
make, nearly new, pair on time. Ad
dies.;. P. O. Box 606, Warren. 600
Found
FOUND Pair lady's shoes. Owner
may recover by application to
Cleaoe L. Purdy. 6'-'3
Wanted
WANTED TO RENT Ford tourins
car. or truck body or other light tar.
Will rent for several months at $45
per month. Address Box "C," or
Phone 246. 915
WANTED At once, a nice room with
private family. See Mr. Woodley,
jewelry department P. D. store, Bis
bee. 872
WANTED By young married couple,
without children, a four or five room
furnished house in Warren. Phone
792. 869
WANTED To buy, small business.
Must be reasonable. Give price and
location in first letter. Box 862,
City. 866
WANTED Gas plate or range, lino
leum, carpet, dishes, furniture, etc.
Z., Review. 867
WE WANT SALES REPRESENTA
TIVES IN EVERY TOWN IN ARI
ZONA We prefer men who have
sold stock, insurance, real estate,
books, or who have had no sales ex
perience but would like to develop
into salesmen. We train every ap
plicant accepted and provide a sys
tem that will enable anyone who
works to make from 75 to $150 per
week. Position permanent. In ap
plying state age, past business expe
rience, number of years you have
lived in community, and references.
Address in confidence, Kane Mfg.
company, 1626 L. C. Smith building,
Seattle, Wash. ' SS3
Lost
LOST Gold coin pin containing two
gold dollars, Monday afternoon, be
tween Edelweiss cafe, Phelps Dodge
store. Reward. Return to Edelweiss
cafe. , 935
LOST $10 and $5 bill. Liberal re
ward if returned to Review office.
05
Legal Notices
ADVERTISEMENT FOR BIDS
Bids will be received by the Com
mon Council of the City of Bisbee,
Arizona, at a meeting to be held at
the City Hall thereof, on the 21st day
of January. 1919, at the hour of 7:30
o'clock P. M., for the following: One
2',i ton truck with hydraulic steel
dump bedy, trailer attachment, with
cover over driver's seat, double chain
or worm drive, with wheel base of
from 120 to 111 inches, to be decided
by the Council. Also bids for Ame
small auto roadster.
All bids must be accompanied by
certified check in the sum of not less
than 10 per centum of the bid, pay
able to the .Mayor cf the City of Bis
bee, conditioned for the faithful per
formance of deilvery, if accepted by
the Common Council, and must be
filed with the City Clerk by 5 o'clock
P. M. on said date. The Common
Council reserves the right to reject
any and all bids.
Dated this 10th day of January,
1919.
JACOB ERICKSON,
Attest: M. L. BUTLER, Mayor.
City Clerk. 853
"A SPLENDID TOKIG
Sajs Hixson Lady Who, On Doc
tor's Advice, Took Cardni
And Is Now Well
Hixson, Teno. "About 10 years as
I was..." says Mrs. J. B. Gadd, of.
this place. "I suffered with a pain in
my left side, could not sleep at n!;ht
with this pain, always In the left
side...'
My doctor told ma to use Cardui. I
took one bottle, which helped me and
after my baby came, I was stronger
and better, but the pain was still
there.
I at first let it go, but began to get
weak and in a run-down condition,
so I decided to try some more Cardui,
which I did.
This last Cardui which I took made
me much better. In fact, cured me. It
has been a number of years, still I
have no return of this trouble.
I feel It was Cardui that cured me,
and I recommend It as a splendid fa
male tonic."
Don't allow yourself to become
weak and run-down from womanly
troubles. Take CarduL It should sure
ly help you, as it has so many thou
sands of other women in the past 40
years. Headache, backache, sideache,
nervousness, sleeplessness, tired-out
feeling, are all signs of womanly trou
ble. Other women get relief by taking
CarduL Why "ot you? All drucgista.
NC-13J
BACKACHE .
Umber Up With Penetrating
Hamlin a Wizard Oil
A harmless and effective prepara
tion to relieve the pains of Rheuma
tism, Sciatica. Lame Back and Lum
bago is Hamlin's Wizard Oil It pen
etrates iiickly, drives out soreness,
and limbers up stiff aching joints and
muscles.
You have no idea how useful it
will be found in cases of every day
ailment or mishap, when there is
need of an immediate healing, anti
septic application, as in cases of
sprains, bruises, cuts, burns, bites
and stings
(Jet it from drugs'-- for 30 cents.
If not satisfied return the bottle and
get your money bark. a
Kvcr roii'-tipatvil or have sick
headache.' Mul trv Wizard Liver
W hip-;, plcai-.-iiit little pink pilla, iQ
cents. O'.i.iiautccd.
REVIEW WANT ADS
ERING RESULTS
lining and Financial News
!!
8Y REVIEW
: , YORK, Jan. 14. The same
luck of leadership or initiative which
,.s influenced operations in the se
curities market since the signing ol
the armistice and the more uncertain
stat as of the railroads was aain in
eidence today.
Pools held undisputea sway, devot
ing their attention almost exclusively
to the various speculative groups of
the stock list, at the expense or utter
neglect of standard shares, especially
transportations.
Half ot the day's meager transac
tions, apart from United States Steel,
which retained its commanding posi
tions, consisted of oils, shippings,
motors and sundry specialties having
litle claim as investment issues.
United States Steel registered an
extreme advance of IV to 92, that
quotation coinciding with the price
at which the stock is to be offered to
employes this year, but all of this gain
was lost in the tinal hour, when Beth
lehem Steel and Ealdwin Locomotive
were under pressure.
Gross gains of 1 to points in
Sinclair Oil, Pan-American Petroleum,
Texas company and Mexican Petro
leum sultered material reductions In
the latter dealings, shippings, equip
ments and motors also reacting.
The few issues that reflected more
than casual support included tobaccos.
Great Northern Ore and several of
the inactive high priced rails. Sales
375,000 shares.
Trading in bonds Jell to less than
half of the preceding day's large turn
over, but the trend, excepting in- Lib
erty issues, which continued heavy,
was in the direction of improvement,
notably in the foreign division. Total
sales, par value, aggregated $10,750,
000. Old United States bonds were
unchanged on call.
METAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14. Lead Un
changed. Spelter Easy, spot East St. Ixuis
delivery offered at $7.40; January,
$7.35.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14. Cotton
closed easy at a net decline of 61 to
92 points.
' GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14. Assertions that
the British movement had cancelled
large contracts with Canadian pack
ers started a. heavy selling movement
today in the corn market here. Chief
ly as a result, closing prices, although
unsettled, were down 14 to 34 net,
with February $1.30 to S1.30s and
May $1.27U to $127. Oats lost lVs
to 1. In provisions the tinish
ranged from $.' decline to a rise of
25 cents.
Before the selling of corn assumed
uuusual proportions, tnu market had
an upward swing induced mainly by
house approval of the bill to provide
$100,000,000 for food supplies to send
to Europe. The removal of a New
York railroad' embargo tended also to
stimulate buying. Such factors, how
ever, were soon offset by reports that
SO vessels would start for Argentina
to move grain. Then came Buffalo
advires telling of the recalling or
British contracts with Canadian
packers. Selling of corn here broad
ened out quickly and values went
down grade in earnest. On the other
hand, just prior to the close a Cana
dian packer telephoned denying that
any Canadian order had been tan
celled by England. Much covering by
shorts followed.
Oats merely swayed with corn.
Provisions ruled irregular. May
pork and ribs underwent sharp set
backs. La$l niHde gains.
Closing quotations January 14,
(L. J. Overlook, Broker)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda ;
Amn. Can
Ana. Car
Amn. Smelters ;
A mn. Sugar
Baldwin
Beth. U
C. & O
C. F. k I
Canadian Pacific
Central Leather
Crucible
Distillers
Erie
Goodrich
General Motors
Ind. Alcohol
Lackawanna
Marine
Marine pfd
Mid vale
Mexican rttroleum
N. Y. C
Northern Pacific
Reading
Rubber
Republic Steel
Studtbaker
Steel v...
Stetl pfj
St. Paul
Southern Pacific .'
Pliifiair Oil
T x-s Oil
I i; ion Pacific
Pulled Motors
r. s. m
YVestiiiuho.ise
COSTON.
Adve; ' m e
.Mli..(7.
A'a-k-i
Az. Cuinl
C. A
( . A;. II
('. Kan-c
I'liim:
Chile
K. Muite
C 1 11 I i by
:. "nil
; il.llielil
Il.r.icoik
I i(l;:iii!i
I:i Viintion
Keiiii'Mott
K v rfi:;i w
l-Ke
l a Si-lie
1919.
60
4S'J
iu I
K j
114 t
71-4 i
57 I
56;
35
159 i
hn u i
5C j
51 Vk i
129-s
102
64 Vi i
25
1067 !
43- 1
lso- '
74
92'
'
73'
52
Si's
1147, j
'10 34 ,
100-''h
35 j
1SSU
129 :
35' '
44 '
4F
S.'i
t:i
4
11'4 t
"
4::2 i
4i :
' s '
17',
"
Ml
3'j
32 S.
1
V
LtASEO WIRE
Miami ...
Mohawk ..
Mayflower
Nevada . . .
N. Butte .
Nip ... .
Old Dom.
Osceola . .
Pond Ck.
24 U
54
1678
11
35
51
1314
60
Quiupy
Ray Con 22
Shattuck
Shannon
Supfrior Boston
St- Marys
Utah Copper
Utah Con
Winona
CURBS.
A- & A
Ariz. Hing
Ariz. Sil. King
Big Ledge
Butte London
Cal. & Jer
Cornelia
Con. Copper
Con. Ariz
Cosden
Ciesson Gold
Denn
13Vi
3
2V4
46
72
8,4
100
11
4
100
16
'.a
17
6
1M
7xk
4
17
i Dundee 100
Emma . .'. 5
Federal Qil 2
; Gadsden 3
I Green Monster
Grand Island IS
I Globe Dom
' Hull 40
! Howe Sound 4
jHecla 44
Iron Caps 16
J. Verde ... i
Magma Copper 28
' Magma Chief V4
' Miami Con. 5
Mines of America 100
I Okmulgee 214
I Porphyry 80
j Ray Here 2
j Tom Reed 165
Tuolomne 100
j U. Eastern 44
Verde Ex 34
Verde Combn
Wol. Ariz 2
White Caps
West End ..
15
l's
O ATM AN.
(By Collins & Bretherton.)
Argo
Adams
Arizona Rex ....
Ariz-Tom R
Big Jim Con. . . .
Boundary Cone . .
Gold Ore
Gold Road Bon. .
Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy
Sunnyside
TelluriJe
Tom Reed
United Eastern . .
I Hit 3d, Western .
Red I. ion
OTHER
.06 .07
.02 .03
.15
.03
.05 .00
.02
.03 .04
.02
.15
.05 .06
.05 .06
.11 .14
1.65 1.65
4.12 4.25
.02 .04
.20
2.S7 3.00
.37 .44
.14 .16
.y5 1.00
.02 .04
.10 .12
.45 .50
.10 .12
.17
."6 .12
.35 .40
.12 .25
2.00 2.18
.70 .87
.02 .05
.50
.52
.40
5.87 6.00
.50 .80
.43 ' .50
.12
CURBS
Gadsden
Green Monster
IUttte London
Dundee ...
Venture Hill
Pitts-Jerome
Jerome Verde
Ark-Arizona
Jerome Portland
ins-Needle
Hull Copper
Mantua Chief
WoW-Arizona
Verde Combination ..
Miami Consolidated .
Verde Squaw"
Kay Copper
Nacozari Consolidated
Con. Cop. Mines:
Porphyry
Cal. & Jerome
Feather River
I
Mrs. Mary P. Lock wood, state leader
of home economies, is in Washington
this week, attending a national con
ference" ol state leaders. She will re
turn about January 16.
Get
Yti'ur Digestion
in Shape
Many ailments arc caused
,by stomach weakness.
Faulty digestion leads to
biliousness, sick headache,
dizziness, sallow skin and
eruptions. Maintain a
healthy condition of the
stomach and you will get
rid of the chief cause of your
sufferings. Do not neglect
the laws of health. Keep
stomach, liver and bowels
in order by timely use of
lis PIUS
Urt S.U at Any Med.cin. in lha WorIA
Sold iMiikvi, la baM. IOa- 2-
I?Irs, Jones Ishen
VOICE BUILDING. TONE PRO
DUCTION and the ART OF SING
ING. I'ldin the beginning to tho
hicltrft pi--tf-t!o?i Free voire trial.
Jl'lhuie tiieni 2 tor appointment.
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren" District; giving the e
sential fat ts vi each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of
gathering 'a ill be found under their respective headings in these columns.
Bisaee. lodge no. 7ia. i
L. O. O. m. j
Meets every Friday
night. Moose Hall.
Visiting brother cor
dially invited.
R. L GLEASON, j
Dictator.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 10. I. O. O. F.I
meeta ? e r y
Tr Thursday
rf Pszf e'rung at Odd
vs9 Fellows' Hall
Subway street, at 7:20 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to atund.
Hall phcr.e 119.
G A. PLUNKETT. N. O.
LEoTER EUSTACE. Sec'T
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lilv T-n:plu No. 3 meets every iao
and focrth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall YiaiUng
sisters are cordially inviteu.
JU.NXIE BLUM, M. E. C
Phone Black 651.
IDA GLAZE, M. ot R. C.
Box 1476
FRATERNAL ORDER OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
y
No. 175, F. O.
E., meets 1st
&nd 3d Tues
days, 8 p. m ,
Eagles' . Hall.
Visitors cor
dially wel
come. EDWIN OLLERENSHAW, Pres.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C L. EDMUNDSON, Aerie Physician
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 89!, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
Tich haU. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
F. Vv TURNER, Foreman,
Phone Black 468.
P. O. Box 981, Warren.
E. D. STINSON,
Correspondent, Box 1496.
WEEK ENDING JANUARY IS, 1919.
'Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
THOMAS HARGIS, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Set'y F. & A. M.
W. R. BANKS. E. H. P.
N. C. BLEDSOE, T. I. M.
J. L. POWELL. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Comniandery.
W. K. BANKS, Secretary Council
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
L. O. L. NO. 210.
meets in t. O
O. P. Hn Crsi
and thlra
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
era cordiaU
invited to at
tend. WM. T. S.M1THAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Pox 426. Bisbee
CITY DYE WORKS
. Cleaning & Pressing
Phone 739.
Opp. Y. W. C. A.'
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loaa Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
Chicken Feed
DJDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED (MP'Y
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
C H. HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
f
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
1
C. H. HOGAN
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rath bone Lodge
w Knlghu of Pyihuv
each Tuesday
(except second) In Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:3
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially invited.
JACK CAIN, C. C.
W. b. Mci.ALl.UM. K. of R.
- "s w-w , - 'f w
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalter Ruler
C. W. HICKS, Secretary.
-j
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m., Finnish hall.
D. C. SAXBY. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
OPOER OF EASTERN STAR
meets to Masonic hall
Pearl Chapter. No. 6, meet
in Masonic Hall seoond and
fourth Tuesday of eacb
month at 7:30 p. m
MRS. HELENA RAGSDALE. W. M..
Phone 500.
MRS. JESSIE r.EVAN. Secy. P. O
Box 2239, Chairman Relief Com.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets in L O- O. F
Kali First and Third
Saturdays. V 1 s 1 1 ii
brothers welcome
J. L. BENTON, Councillor.
P. L. WOODMAN. Jr., Rec. Secy.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
e o
, - I r . B
I' tv5 452 meets the 2d
and 4th Satur
days each month
K Odd Fellows-
Hall. Visiting members cordially iu
vi;ed. Jl'IJA POOLE, President,
Phone 278.
GEO. POOLE. Treas- P. O. Box 2229.
HONOR A MUNCH. Secretar
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
dr Bisbee Camp No. 134
Meets 1st Saturday
41
Uedigorich Hall
S. T. MOSS, Consul.
J. F. MATHEWSON
Clerk.
HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15. OK ST.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
RMpectfully Solicits Your
Patronags
PHONE 58
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE
A. OWERS. Mgr.. Bakerville
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse & Office Opposite Depot
PHO.'ES 640 and 58.
COLLINS &
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
OATfvZAN
3TOCKS
Jack Bldg., Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129
9 SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1919.
CITY BRIEFS
Has any one visited you? Or have
.you entertained? If so. call The
ileview Society KJitor, Mack 6S1.
'the C. & A. hospital for several weeks ed last nicht for Los Angeles. They ; v.here he is to report to he mustered ' join the local men at Tii'smi. Tin y
follow 'hiR an operation, was sufficient-; will spend the remainder of the winter : out. he will come to tiie district to i-xpoc t to return to the city some i inn
lv recovered Monday to be able to re- with their daughter. Miss Gladys Hud- visit his parents, Mr. ami .Vrs. Malt j Friday.
.'tii'n tn his home son. and with Mrs. Hudson's sister, ; Wilson.
t Mrs. Sarah lievan. i YOAKUM TO RETURN SOON.
!.t. Kmil Yoakum, son ef Mr. ami,
.Mm. .les' Yoakum of Wari-T. is ex-
Business Locals
of kindness shown us by our friends
afld neii;hhor. our sad b'-reavetnent.
H. K. MATHE'A'SON
SOS . AN'n CHIURKX.
TO LOS ANGELES.
.v.iss Mi:i:ie Murphy will leava to
r.iat lor Lis Anele-;.
ILL WITH INFLUENZA.
Charles Dewell of the Phelps Dodge
company store in Uisboe, is suffering
v. nil an attack of influenza. '
CVER FROM DOUGLAS.
S. W. White an attorney of Dour- KENTUCKIAN HERE.
Ur.. w:..! ;: ! '-e !?y yns'erday for sev-j j)rf j. pjvers, wi:e of Dr. R. Uivers.
c.-l K.-rs 'm I- ! prom-ier.t r':d ian of Taducah.
j Ky.. arrive -1 in tiie dirtriot Monday
STO-.K FYS VISIT. -1 to visit h-r r.ieee. Miss 1). I..
IV.rt.. ft Itf. ar.i Mrs. T. I Zook. i thotwell of tl! I'helns Podge company
M.:at.nv nt the t . Ar A. hospital, a son. i store 111 U)eii,
Mr. JCock i- a b.-.rher in Lowell.
TO TEACH SCHOOL. j
Miss Francis McIMv has arrived in ATTENTION KNITTERS.
th-j citv from Colorado state normal, Wiil all those who have wool out
school -o nssnmo i position as teacher . retui n the finished articles, if possible.
I in the tiiird grade in Uie public lfore February 1. If ih,s is not con
schctiis venient plense return the wool. The,
! kniitiuK has been discontinued and we
TEACHER IS ILL. i ara requested to m:'ke final report as
Mis ii'iff. who arrived here about ; riY s possible,
'a week aso to take a position as
I teacher in the public schools, was SHIRK BACK HERc. '
connell-d to resign the position ami' ' l"e ' 'Ct'ivvu vesterdav In Mr. ami Mrs. J. X.
l;o i: l'hoenix yesterday, on account department of Uie public schools, has Hk.. -()f r ;r j mu, r(.m th,.u.
of b(-iiis! ill. returned frota Pcona, 111., where he , v.jlb(ir Hj(.k w,1() js wjh
,i ",,ml," "7., " :the American army of occupation in
G"rm.iTi. Corpora! Hicks is a member
LEAVES FOR CHICAGO.
Mrs. (Jladysi link lelt e.-itrjay for
Chicapo, Vheie sir; ,vill join In-r lius
baid T'ley ptohably will make th:
"windy ciiy" ti.eir home.
RECEIVE SOUVENIR.
A souvenir from the battlefields o'"
France ii. the lot m of a helmet voin
by a German in his comrade' fruith -s
drive aKinsl the Yankees, was !-
ici tefi to arrive in th.: district tnher
hm1.iv or loii.oirow nccordiui; to word
received by his parents Hem Camp
.!a ksen. S. ('.. w. re y-iiinK Voaklittt
a as stationed I.i at -riant Y-iakam
ins received his di.-ciiar" and has
W? n spendins ih- bast lew days in
.St-kV YoiK.
LOST.
1 :lier.;i rewaid wi.l be paid for re
nin! of ic-iiale fox terrier we n ins Kl
t'aso l.i'.er'y b jz license tat;,
.ii-i'vlle hea-l. black spot on l-'t't side
iMid blr:ck b(bbe,l tail with waite tip.
iiKd piis recent ;y and is with milk,
it 'tttiit ! Thf Iteview for reward.
I)r. Playfalr, osto- pTtt;. yS .Vason
Hill, .M.soii car stop. Phone Clue R47.
ous illness of his brother and lather.
botli of whom recovered. Mr. Shirk
as resumed 1:m position in the
schools.
of the
division.
h Field Artillery of
! 3ECK IS APPOINTED,
.Surinrous old time friends
SEND SODY AWAY,
The body of F. N. Xichols. 24 years
old.
C. & A. hospital oi pneumonia, was
TO Vto'T IN EL PASO.
Miss Grace Johnson of the
. who died Monday afternoon at the . Dode company store in Lowel
Miss Katherine Kiirsella ot the Lcwt:l
MM Wi cr
UNDER
iWlliCH THEY LIV
jrsr RECF.ivF.n. mo shipmfn't
OF KVBHKKS lltiX'S. WOMEN'S
AND CHILPKF.N'S. THK FAIR. 'Jli2
NOTICE
i Mrs. W. M. Wit'K has opened hair
:dressincr parlors at her residence on
i Hoveland street. Warren, near Green
; way school. Full line of Marrinelio
1 preparations. Phone ri.:e SI". sT'l
' BLACKSMITH COAL
' Just unloaded one -car of Ajax
is:nitiiii'K coal. Broahy Carriage com
pany, Lowell. 502
ilUISHIiRS OF ALL KlNilsj- MUX'S
WOMK.VS. HOYS' AND C1KLS'.
f.MIl STOHK. 'Jil
CAPTAIN HODGSON HERE. j preter for the superior court cf Yava-,
C?.v'.. J. P. Hodgson, manager of the .,ai ,.0untv.
. . , Isent to Los Angeles last nicht by the iwstoinoe. will depart Saturuay for LI .
uUv v-ml' Vr.dertakinK co.npany for . 1''' t two e.;ks They ,
Bill. Villtam Mr. Xichols was well known in ' the W. while in ;
ICMUtrill Ul... .!;,,:, .,, .., a Q,r,!,.Q,l in ,ha mai Cll. JOI
county, wiil be pleased to. ; offices of A. G." McGregor ;L'a')0' Jhn'n. Is
his appointment as inter- . : ,- .Texas city, study-i
MAINLAND IS ILL.
.Magnus Mainland of the plumbiiiK , (maiiit jr.ccs of "i'vclone
firm o! Mainland & Williams, is ill at Heck, for ,nnnv vears a resident of ,.'":' .. . j that citv. Miss Johnson's sister. Miss,
hi, heme in To.nhs.one canvon. i ' v win Ko l-,wl , U'-e uismct aim as emp.oj eu ... u.e - r ,r, ' PiSIl tor lae
learn of his appointment as inter-: ; ,.-.,. i Texas city, studying to be a trained!
nurse aiul expects to complete her
" . ! course in June.
Pl.h.j n,l3e rr.nin.-mv Morenci &KtNUIMta UCMVt e.tht. .
In crdci to obtain definite ailorma
ticn upon wlrlch to proceed i:i a ca.n-
bettertm lit oi living
! oiiJi'ioiis lor s.-hool teachers in th"
Warren diswict. Stipei inter. d"iit C. F.
j Pinlbiook is U'.khti; a 'census ol
I teachers' living conditions" w'ui h
CARD OF THANKS
i We. - A to extend otir th inks to
j cur many friends for their kind sym-
na thy shown us during the illness and
doath of our small daughter.
' !'lti M ft. AND MRS. W. J. UHOWN.
E. W. (Nick) Beddow, former'.- in pn.Nn" NOT r, ,LTV . i bL oinplcted in a day or two. If
n-iane- i" Vnrenci for a brief stav . , , , v the general oitices oi tne calumet 6t , , 7. , , Mr. p:t:!nroi K s proaictons are eti
qjartc.s l . .Morerti ior a orit i sia. i)Urie the sibsence of Justice of, ..... : ... . Ralt.h Hart of Hereford, who was , ...m
., ,. Arizona l.i.i.ik cc-iiipiii , uui sunuii- - . . . . . . . rrounueu, a mii iriMiiii i-uiiumu:i nui
branch, is in the city from his bead-jwLL KQLD C0URT.
CARD OF THANKS
1 We desire to extend our sincere
! thanks and express our deep apprecia
tion lor the sympathy and many acts
RCCKHILL'3 STACZ
i Bisbee-Tonilistone. Leaes Bist.te.
Uisbee Auio company. 7:4j a. m . 1:19
p. m. Phcne Btsbce 5. A-v.
MASONIC NOTICE
! The f.,neral of oitr I'.te Hro. Wal hi
; W. Watkins. decua.vi. '.. ill be le Id
from th'i Masonic Temple at - o'cloci:
V.'edne.d.!;,-. Brother Masons kin-'.;)
be at tin tempie t y lrPel.
TH(S. HAP.GLS.
B. T. WATKiNS. .Master
Secre-.ary. iTi
i L. L. Gi!iir.n sells t'ie New Kdi.n.
1 The rhono5ra1.l1 With a So'tl."
Painter end Paper Hanging. Si;ns.
C. J. BRANDT
1 Box 130. 27 Ercadway. Phone 455.
T Ift... . 4iA r1ii.
ROAD MAN HERE. ! "e c; " " "J" "kT. ed at Camp Funston. Ft. Riley, Kans..
. , illici, .lusnce Jaiues .nmsuu ui
A. c. Karper. roau superinienueiu, .. .: ;,, n
charged in Judge J. L. Winters' ccjrtt
arrived in the city yesterday from , . ,, Several cases arising
Tombstone. Mr. Kureer is here on ,0Wpr f nd of Ae dis;riet are expected
D'.isiness.
son of this;. n thg flrm sjnce Se,)tembor 1917 is j Monday with disturbing the peace. 1 hav(. ,os t(,a,llt.r af
fSe8. ?H in the city on a leave of absence, liel" l0in- not fc-v Ju(iB, ! who (a:ne here to tawe p,
.sing in the g t(j be dis(.harged Uom the ters Tne complaint was made by sc);o0,,,- sai,i Mr. rhi.
to come before him today.
service at an early date and will re
sume his former position here.
INFLUENZA VICTIM.
Mrs. Pete C'hiado of Warren, is suf
feting with an attack of influenza.
Mrs. Chlado's mother, Mrs. Wren, of
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS.
; ARRIVES IN PORT.
Undelivered telegrams at the West- Word was received vesterdav by
icrn Union for the following: Sra nSs Florence Wilson of the Phelps
r.iilfnrnia. arrived vesterdav to nurse I Libradier de Lara, Rosalio Lopez. CL. 1 nodee company store in Lowell, from
her daughter. I Dunbar, F. W. Creighton, Frederco ( ner brother, Harry Wilson, stating
j Scto. Paul Sausel'.e, A. E. Croner, tnat ne arrived in New York roni
GOES TO EL PASO. ' Paul 13. Stevens, Morris Kroloff. Tom ; overseas. Mr. Wilson was denied the
E. A. Putnam, general secretary of j Reed, Guna Bayestero, E. C. Music. experiences to be had on' the battle
the Bisbee Y. M. C. A., left here last j 1 field as the ship on which he embark-
night for El Paso to attend Uie three I MISSOURIANS DEPART. ed put into a French port a month
Hart's wife, who r.Ileged that he
cursed her but it was brought out in
the proceedings yesterday that she
was guilty' of tiie isanie offor.se at the
time and Hart, therefore, was dismiss
ed of the charge.
; be revealed to the public.
after teacher
positions in
brook yes-
A flr k iTV T? a I
mmwi 1 uracil
days' convention
Y. M. C. A.
of the Interstate
MET2 HAS RECOVERED.
Charles Metz, who was confined to
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Hudson of King j before the armistice was signed and
City. Mo., who for the past few days 1 he therefore was never sent into ac
have been in the city visiting Mr. j tion. He was a member of the rail
Hudson's brother. G. D. Hudson of the i way ordnance department of the army.
Phelps Dodge store in Lowell, depart-1 From Camp Bowie, Ft. Worth, Texas,
LEAVE FOR CLAIMS.
Judge J. L. Winters, president of the
Lowell Gold Mining company, accom
panied by Sol Morganstein. Bill Tate
and a gold prospect expert from Cali
fornia, departed last evening in an au
tomobile for Tucson to look over the
company's claims. 70 miles out from
that city. Phoenix people are endeav-
hf.ve been unanimous in saying they
(ottld not hear the conditions under
which they were su; p -sed to :ie
heie.
"In the first place, most, people who
have j-ooms to rent do not Mant teach
ers. They want l.ien who will do
their loafing downtown and when
they come homo will take off their
cloihing and- get in bed find upon
ars'nj; leave their rooms at once and
?:o down town auain. There are
plen.y of loat'itic places for men, but
few. if any. fer women r.ere.
"Bisbee needs a place vhere teach
ers can May, pleasant and nomeiixe.
ONE NIGHT
ONLY!
aforday,
0
li
n
1 -
r!
11
r
v.
f -
i-1
coNimuous
1 to II
oring to purchase the claims and two
of the prospective purchasers will 1 They are educated women, drawn
j from homes of refinement and to
have either to ;.o to bed or hover over
a ;j.as ur s' ve in the evenings in
order t'kee; varm, In case they
Irs
Last Time
TODAY!
mf : oruer i"jt,'i';j v.trui, .11 e.is-e iue
1 have a -00m to theniseivea. or to go
L ? 'into a d".i!::itory with several other
Pj.i ! v. ctret', is a hardship for ;!iem.
SPECIAL MUSIC
BY GRIBBLE'S
6-PIECE
ORCHESTRA
VM. FOX PRESET4TS
n 3
9 fa 6 a
h a b
YOUR BLOOD WILL
TINGLE
At the deeds of "He
Avenger," the might
iest two-gun man the
west ever knew.
'With the expai:.-i')n of the s; hoo!
system ami tne increasea acinar. 1 101
Ej i tea hers the coiuli.icm to which 1
refer is becomir.r; mor-r pronounced
all the time. Something must be
I?! i done to remedy it."
E.! 1,- . i.iii 1'. :.i 1 u. .1 ...
suuesi. u i,-ie .i or i:.i' leacners ex
periences, or several typical ont-s,
will.be published, along with his
ideas' i:i the matter in a few days.
j First Cavalry
:! liilSlfil S0!l
fjlFARNUM FEATURE IS
CLOSING RUN TODAY
c "-a
PARTS
fe L $ z
ti. li ik ii
IN a Pictunzation of ZANE GRAY'S FAPviOUS NOVEL
f'i il
h m
mi
PI v 7
1
Presenting a Gorgeous Minstrel First Part and Olio
cf Novelties. S big vaudeville acts 8
60-Peple6G
Excluding the crack first cavalry band i
Fricc3 53c, 75c and $1.00
St's on sale at the box office, starting Thursday, from
fc-j : pio Sage". wJiich w l
p"S : 'he K'aule T'ceattr thi
PARTS
UNDOUBTEDLY FARNUM'S GREATEST PORTRAYAL
Also Lonesome Luke Comedy (In Two Parts) "THE MECHANIC"
In the Adaptation of MICHAEL
MORTON'S Great Stage Success:
"THE YELLOW TICKET"
Those who have not ycc seen Wil
liam Frnnm in "Riilers of the Pur-
Ill end it3 run "nt
this evrnir?, should
t fa:! to do so if they want to see
iorr'.e of th'.! mo?: sur'lin scenes
ver pi 'tared on the American screen,
fhis picture, based oa Zine Grey's
famous novel of the same name, tells
. 1 tiie story of a man's hunt for the
1 abductors of his sister in the early
i . days of ihe Morn. on settlement in
'..I Ciiiililo's civ-niece orchestra accom
panies the picture.
1
1
Willjf
! PAtiFY PROHIBITION.
, MOXTOOMEIiV. Ala.. J-.n. 14. The
; A'abam.' legislature today nitiiicd the
federal prohibition amendment. The
ote in the house was 64 to 34 and
; in the senate to 11.
ADMISSION:
Children, IGc;
Adults, 25c;
THIS INCLUDES WAR TAX. fcj
fVi-yfcfiff'lfiiti. i irt I'll I H'm'TI v
I
ST33 jwr.vCT-
IlfRBEKS OF ALL KINDS MEN'S
WOMEN'S. BOYS' AND GIRLS'.
KAlll STOKE. 132
UVRIC THE ATE
TODAY
Continuous: 1 :00 to 11 :00 p. m.
TODAY
The straggle everlasting in a woman's life, is the conflict of one with the other. Matching her magnificent youth
and charm against the strength of mind, she grappled with a problem that has baffled human
ity for ages. See the magnetic and fascinating
FLO
RENC
am
Forcibly and dramatically unravel this problem in
iru
L JL J
veria
3 .jL
By EDWIN MILTON ROYLE
Supported by an all star cast, including MILTON SILLS and IRVING CUMMINGS, in seven big parts. Also
A PARAMOUNT SENNETT COMEDY IN TWO REELS
"Sheriff Nell's Tussle
99
With POLLY MORAN, BEN TURPIN and BILLY ARMSTRONG One half-hour of haghter. Aisson:
LOWER FLOOR, 15c BALCONY, 10c RESERVED SEATS, 25c
This includes the war tax.
no v re
SPECIAL OFFER THIS WEEK
ONLY. ALL $50X0 AND
' $45.00 SUITS FOR
$40.00
$75.00 AND $65.00 SUITS FOR
$55.00
FABRIC. STYLE AND FIT ALL
GUARANTEED
We are the only tailors in the
city who make your clothes in our
own shep. We can make your
clothes chiper than you can buy
them ready made.
FRUITIAN'S
FASHION SHOP
TAILORS FOR MEN AND
WOMEN
Opp. American Express Co.
Phone 7f: Main St.
Grand Tlieater!
TODAY Continuous, 1:C0 to 11:00 TODAY
TRIANGLE FILM CORF. Presents
rrancis
McDonald
-in-
"TONY AMERICA"
Fighting a bitter fight among those who would destroy
him, Tony finds happiness at last in the love
of a little child. Also
A TRIANGLE COMEDY
"Their Undercover Capers"
Lower floor 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Balcony 4c, war tax lc, total :. 5c
Centra! Theater!
LOWELL Continuous 1:00 to 11:00 p. el TODAY
DOROTHY GISH
-in-
RewTailoring
DEPARTMENT
, We cio our own deigning and
cutting, and try on f.ch g.irmeit
tefel; compictsd. which assures
a perfect fit. Alterations, chang
ing, pressing and repairing ncat'y
done.
H. MICHAFXS, Tailor,
With Miller Shirt and Hat Shop
Main St., Bisbee
"Battling Jane"
A PARAMOUNT-PICTURE
Also, WILLIAM DUNCAN, in Vitagraph's Greatest
Serial, Episode No. 5
1 "The Path pf Thrills"
f A GOOD COMEDY
H
J Adult lfic. war tax 2c. total 20e
l Children 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Reserved seats 30c