Sara
i
WEATHER
Wednesday and Thurs
day fair; not much
change in temperature.
f
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1919.
VOL. 21, NO. 206.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
0
Fxfr
I-
ENTIRE NATION MOURNS PASSING OF FORMER PRESIDENT
II
rn
ASKS BURIAL
AS CITIZEN
OF
Simple Rite of Episcopal
Church Will Be Read in
Presence of Relative and
Representatives
Many Floral Tributes Pour
Into Family Home Despite
Widow's Request; School
Children Send Gift
("By Rev if w Leased Wire)
OYSTER BAY. N. Y, Jan. 7. Theo
dore Roosevelt will be burled here to
morrow as a plain American citizen
and not as a former president of the
United States, In accordance with his
own wishes. His body will be laid
at rest in a plot of bis own selection
In the village cemetery not far from
Sagamore bill, which he loved so well.
The only . funeral rites will be the
simple Protestant Episcopal service.
It will be read by the rector of the
little country church where he had
worshipped with his family. There
will be none of the pomp and cere-
mony associated with the passing o
great men, but the presence of Vice
President Marshall, who will repre
sent President Wilson, Gen. Peyton C.
Uarch, representing the army, and
Admiral C. McR. Winslow, the navy,
will add to the ceremony the dignity
of the nation.
Village in Mourning.
This village on Long Island sound,
whose chief claim to fame for years
has been that it was the home of
Theodore Roosevelt, is in deepest
mourning tonight. The thoughts of
oltlvan ant rainf nn f ha
.1 V; . .u V - i
a mn U Knt mstna thA Icon krilomn I
AM
'""" uul """" uhicauo, Jan. 7. Three more
ceremony witn which the former pres-!gtatea today ratifie(j tbe proposed pro
Ident will be laid to rest tomorrow. j,ibiUon amendment, making a total of
While the entire nation is mourning h$ 8tates that have indorsed the pro
the passing of a great man, the grief j p08al of congress. The house of the
of the people of Oyster Bay is more . iaah0 legislature voted today for the
personal, for they regarded him as .aj amendment, and if the senate follows
neighbor and a friend. ; tn4 proposal will need to be pass-
Notwithstanding the request of e(j Dy oniy ig more states.
Mrs Roosevelt that no flowers be Wh a propo8ed addition t0 the
sent, floral tributes arrived at Saga- bag,c ,aw .tlfled today by
more hill throughout the day and eve-, ,e8islature, of OWo Colorado and
nlng. The names of most of the don-! oklahoma representatives of the dis
ors were withheld. I tilleo' companies of the country met
One of the bouquets, made up of , ,n chicaso and decided to oppose both
liiu uu uut nurauuiu,
awaken many memories within the!
Roosevelt family circle. It came from
the children of the Cove school, where
the sons and daughters of Colonel
nooseveu iu-bi siutuea duck m me (
days before their father became noted
internationally.
Children Pay Tribute.
It was Colonel Roosevelt's custom
for many years to pay a visit on each
Christmas day to the Cove school.
Each year he sent a Christmas tree
and gifts for the pupils. Hut on the
last Christmas of his life he was
leaving Roosevelt hospital and the
presents were distributed by Capt.
Archibald Roosevelt in his stead. It
was these boys and girls who, con
tributing their pennies, dimes and
quarters, went to an Oyster Bay nor-
lst and sent to Sagamore hill the
tribute not tne least welcome among ,
the floral pieces which so overfilled
the Roosevelt homstead that there was
no room for all. Those not kept In
the house were sent to Christ church.
All the students in Oyster Bay
schools will have a half holiday tomor
row. A. B. Whlttaker, the principal.
In addressing them today, told them
their leBsons would be suspended, not
so they could play In the streets, but
that they might pause in reverence in
(Continued an Para Three)
INFLUENZA CLOSES PHOENIX
(Review Phoenix Bureau)
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Jan. 7. The
Influenza epidemic in this city
grew steadily worse today, with
an increase of 150 new cases. It
is estimated that there are now
in the city 600 canes. This equals,
if not exceeds the height of the
first epidemic.
A drastic quarantine was Im
posed today on the entire city,
including the closing of all places
President Wilson Praises
Roosevelt In Proclamation
Directed to All Americans
WASHINGTON', Jan. 7. The follow-1 "In the war with Spain, he displayed
ing proclamation on the death of ' singular initiative and energy and dis
Theodore Roosevelt was cabled from j tinguished htmsefl among the corn
Paris today by President Wilson and j mander of the army in the field. As
issued tonight at the state depart-! president he awoke the nation to the
inent: j dangers of private control which luru-
"By Woodrow Wilson, president of j ed in oar financial and industrial sys
the United States of America: items. It was by thus arresting the
"A proclamation to the people of the attention and stimulating the purpose
United States: jof the country that he opened the way
"It become my sad duty to an-1 for subsequent necessary and benefi
nounce officially the death of Theo- i cent reforms,
dor Roosevelt, president et the Uni-1 Admirable Private Life
ted Btates from September 14, 1901,1 "His private life was characterized
to March 4. 1909, which occurred at ' by a simplicity, a virtue and an affec-
his home at Sagamore Hill, Oyster
Bay, New York, at 4:15 o'clock in the
morning of January (, 1919. In his
death the United States baa lost one
of its most distinguished and patriotic
citizens, who had endeared himself to
the people by his strenuous devotion
to their interests and to the public in
terests of bis country. '
Always Did Duty
"As president of the police board of
his native city, as member of the leg
islature and governor of bis state, as
civil service commissioner, as assist
ant secretary or the navy, as vice
president and as president of the Uni
ted States he displayed administrative
powers of a signal order and conduct
ed the affairs of these various offices
with a concentration of effort and a
watchful care which permitted no di
vergence from the line of duty be had
definitely set for himself.
BILL
GETSEiORSEH
OF 3 IRE STATES
Ohio, Colorado and Oklahoma
Join Ranks of Those Favor
ing National Dry Law; 19
Approve Measure
B' Review Leased Wire)
. .
the amendment and the war Drohibi-
tion law, which is to go into effect on
July 1, by every legal means possible.
The states which have ratified the
'oh,hmotl .raondment thus far are
Kentucky, Virginia, Mississippi, South
Carolina, North Dakota, Maryland,
Montana, Arizona, Delaware, Texas,
South Dakota, Massachusetts, Georgia,
Louisiana, Florida, Michigan, Ohio,
Colorado and Oklahoma.
Opposition Promised
At a meeting of the distilling inter
ests of the United States resolutions
adopted declared that the time had
come for members of the industry to
make "a most determined resistance
to such revolutionary methods," refer
ring to the war-time prohibition law
and the proposed federal constitution
al amendment. The action taken to-
day also provided that power to make
liquor" fight shall be vested In a com
mittee, and Attorney Levy Mayer of
Chicago was appointed chief counsel.
Although Mr. Mayer would make no
statement for publication regarding
plans for the coming court battles
which will be taken to the United
States supreme court for the final out
come, it was learned that the distillers
will not quietly submit to enforce
ment of the war-time prohibition act
which becomes effective next July 1.
(Continued on Paga Mx)
of gathering and the Isolation of
all cases.
J. O. Richards and C. A. Dicker
son, proprietors of two local the
aters, were arrested for violating
the new quarantine ordinance,
following the opening of their
theaters in a friendly action to
test the new ordnance. Their
rases come op tomorrow morning
to be appealed from the police
court.
PROHIBITION
tion worthy of all admiration and emu
lation by the people of America.
"In testimony of the respect in
which his memory is held by the gov
ernment and people of the United
States, 1 db hereby direct that the
flags of the White House and the sev
eral departmental buildings be dis
played at half-mast for a period of 30
days, and that suitable military and
naval honors under orders of the sec
retaries of war and of the navy be
rendered on the day of the funeral.
"Done this 7th day of January, in
the year of oar Lord, one thousand
nine hundred and nineteen, and of the
independence of the United States of
America the one hundred and forty
third. "WOODROW WILSON.
"By th president.
"Frank L. Polk, acting secretary of
State."
L W. W.
GENERAL, STRIKE
TO HINDER U. S.
Leader Admits Woblies Wait
ed Only for Sufficient Mem
bers to Strangle Country's
War Industries
(Rv R-riew leaned Wire".
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 7. "The
I. W. W. would have called a general
strike to cut off all supplies to the
United States military forces at the
time the war was declared, had they
considered i themselves powerful
enough," declared Julius Weinberg,
one of the 46 alleged members of that
organization, on trial here for alleged
acts of terrorism in California, in tes
tifying today. Weinberg has pleaded
guilty.
A complete laboratory ror mixing ex
plosives and Incendiary materials, said
to have been taken from the house
boat of Robert Connellan, a defend
ant, was offered as evidence today
by the prosecution.
Nine sticks of dynamite, which evi
dence showed bad been purchased by
William Hood, another defendant, also
was placed in evidence, but immedi
ately removed from the court room.
The prosecution charged Hood in
tended to use the dynamite against
public enterprises here.
Had (Many Members
Eight thousand of the 15.000 lum
ber mill workers near Aberdeen,
Wash., In 1917. belonged to I. W. W.
"locals" and tied up the Industry there
through a prolonged strike, according
to Weinberg's testimony.
William Hood, Industrial Worker of
the World, planned to blow up a dam
and power plant at Smart, Placer
county, Cal., and a Sacramento power
station and also praised the dynamit
ing of the governor's mansion here,
according to evidence Introduced.
Hood was said to have remarked that
the Industrial Workers were "going to
raise bell on the Pacific coast."
Vincent Sante'.U, another defendant,
"wanted President Wilson and Samuel
Compers blown bo high they would
never reach the ground." and cursed
the government, according to testi
mony. Council for the prosecution an
nounced they expected to close their
case tomorrow.
District Attorney Charles F. Clyne,
In opening for the government, de-'
i . - 1 1 j . i ; ..1 . t
scrioeu uie aueKeu murniH uunuca
of the defendants as organized sedi
tion. Violate Espionage Act.
He said the socialist leaders delib-
erately violated the espionage act and
deserved the severest puliishment
possible under the Btatute. He do-
dared that the defendants had plotted
together to break down public morale
(Caatiauad an Fits flU)
PUNNED
SENATORS CLASHIS RALLIED DELEGATES
WHFM IflFflllFTTFiBF WOBBLIES
II 111.11 Lfli LLL1 I L
BOLSHEVIK! MOBS
Wisconsin Leader Demands
Explanation of Americans
in Russia; Says Soviet Gov
ernment Not Pro-German
(By Review Leased VTlra)
WASHINGTON, Jam 7. Senator
LaFollette of Wisconsin, republican,
speaking today in the senate, criti
cized the sending of American troops
to Runsta and denied that the soviet
government of RuRsia in pro-German.
He said a masB of information with
documents attesting the reliability of
the bolithevists-'had been brought out
of Russia last spring and repeated ef
forts to present them to the American
government have been without suc
cess. "I don't know how other senators
feel," Senator LaFollette declared.
but I would be false to the people J
in my state If I did not exhaust every I
means within my power to ascertain
definitely and ultimately what right
there is that hundreds of men from
Wisconsin have been sent upon such
an enterprise."
Calls for Resolution
Senator LaFollette was interrupted
by Senator Kenyon. republican of
lAU-n vhn nnka?r1 what fcftri hppnmA of,
A
the resolution introduced by Senator i Over $5000 in wages will 1 lost to
Johnson of California, asking the "e district for each day the Old Do
state department for information rela- minion mine is closed down,
tive to the status of relations be-1 : '
tween this government afjcl Russia
Senator Swanson, democrat, of
Virginia, a member of the foreign re
latione committee, interrupted to reply
that the resolution was to have been
considered by tne committee tomor
row, but that the meeting was post
poned because senators will be absent
attenfling the funeral of Theodore
Roosevelt.
The Virginia senator said that from
information in his possession, allied
troops, including about 2500 Amer
icans, were sent into Russia to protect
supplies at,d prevent Germany from
establishing a submarine base in the
vicinity of Archangel. The allied
troops, he said, now number between
15,000 and 20,000 men. j
Senator La Follette said that while
this might explain the sending of
troops into Russia, he had information
in his - possession which denied that
the Russian soviet government waa
pro-German.
Defends Russian Soviets
"I think the proof is overwhelming." j
he continued, "if it ever is permitted
to come before the American people,
that the soviet government exerted it
self to enlist the sympathies and sup
port of the United States government
to the end that it might be strong
enough to resist the German govern
ment." An official 'statement from the ad
ministration as to the right and rea
son for presence of American troops
in Russia was demanded by Senator
LaFollette, who declared that whether j
the American government approves or
disapproves of bolsheviki rule that
fact establishes no right for hostility
with Russian forces without a declara
tion of war.
"Whatever comes to the American
people through censored .channels of
the press regarding the soviet govern
ment," Senator LaFollette said,
"ought to be subjected to carerm
study and reflection before being tak
en as stating the whole truth.
"The great organized wealth of all
the established governments of the
world fear above all things on earth
the principles attempted to be estab
lished by the soviet government and
It is not to be expected that there
shall be permitted to reach the ears
of the masses of the people of tne
world, so long as the news channels
are censored, anything approximating
the -truth as to that government or
what Is taking place there today.
"So I say that If the bolsheviki gov
ernment of which we really know so
little, is the sort of government that I
the 140.000,000 people of Russia want
that'B 'their business' nor that of any
government on earth. And under this
Dretext or that pretext no government
... . . - . . . . .
should Intrude Itself Into their affairs
"The war is ended and there can
ue no pretext mat me imops oi i..e
United States are operating in tight-.
lng Germany or fighting anybody else
, but the Russian people. There have
' been no grounds presented upon!
which a declaration of war could he
predicated. But battles are being I
fought. American blood is being shed, j
uui me iiuaDiai. ,..,.... '
(Continued on Past Three)
(Fv Review leaned Wirel
GLOBE, Ariz., Jan. 7. Fifteen
hundred men are temporarily out
of employment in this district
through the closing of the Old
Dominion and Arizona Commer
cial mines. The mines were
for;ed to close when the electrical
equipment at the Old Dominion
flotation mill was put out of com
mission Monday morning, pre
sumably by some one bent on de
struction. A bolt waa thrown
into the rotor of the 200 horse
power motor in the mill, destroy
ing the electric windings as it
cut its way through the machine.
Manager McBride of the Old Do
minion mine, refused to make any
comment on the shut-down, other than
that the mine would be closed tor
several days, as the extra motors
were ruined in a like manner some
time ago.
Expe'js who have examined the
damage, state that It would have been
impossible for the bolt to fall Into
the machine and a:f positive the work
was intentional. The mines of this
district have been troubled with sa
botage for some time and frequent
complaints of emery dust in the bear
ings of high speed jnachtnes have
been reported here. Several days ago
nine sticks of dynamite, fused and
ready for action, were found beneath
the Arizona Eastern railroad bridge
In the heart of the city.
No clues have been found to any of
the depredations thus far committed.
The followers of direct action and
sabotage have bpen unusually active
In this district during the past six
months and have been coming out
openly in their agitation to "strike on
Pe JOD.
German Paid for
Villa's Cartridges
fBv Review t.hm1 Wlr j)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7. Documen
tary evidence intended to 6how that
J3&0.000 worth of mlunitions shipped
in 1915 to agents of Francisco Villa,
the Mexican bandit leader, were paid
for by F. A. Soinmerfeld, now interned
as an enemy alien, was presented to
day to the senate committee investi
gating German propaganda hy Maj. E.
Lowrey Humes, who is conducting the
inquiry.
The munitions were bought' from
the Western Cartridge company at Al
ton, Ills., according to the evidence
and were paid for through the Missis-
sippl Valley Trust company of St.
! Louis, from funds transferred from
the Guaranty Trust company of New
i York city. The first shipments were
sent to Louis Goxiola of El Paso, Tex.,
who, it was alleged, dealt with the
bandit's brother. Hipolito Villa, but
later the shipments were consigned
direct to the latter, according to the
evidence.
Cannot Trace Funds
Major Humes told the committee be
bad been unable to trace the source
of the funds which the Guaranty Trust
company sent to the St. Louis bank.
Soinmerfeld. he said, lived in a hotel
in New York city, and transacted his
business with the St. Louis bank large
ly by mail and telegrams. Major
Humes introduced documents showing
payments to the Cartridge company
and also letters from the Guaranty
Trust company to the St. Louis bank
directing that sums be credited in the
(Continued oa Paa Six)
ASHURST SEEKS TO BUY LOWER CALIFORNIA
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7. Speaking holding over from the Diaz regime. I plan and had received hundreds of
in the'senate today In support of his Senator Phelan of California Inter-) letters from residents of Lower Cali
resolution, for acquisition by the rupted Senator Ashurst with the com-' fornia urging the purchase.
United States, through negotiations ! ment that there is "always danger of While Senator Ashurst was speaking
with Mexico, of Lower California, and acquisition by foreign powers by pur ! in the senate. Representative Elston
part of the state of Sonora, Senator j chase or otherwise by means of Zim- i of California, republican, itroduced
Ashurst of Arizona declared the Mex-j merman notes or otherwise of Lower a resolution in the house, requesting
I lean government was unable to con-:
trol the territory, or protect it from!
foreign Invasion. Annexed to the :
United States, he said, it would bej
converted Into Immense agricultural
value by Irrigation from the Colorado.
Lower California, said the senator.!
is "the vermiform appendix of Mex-1 apply the princMe of self determina-j border difficulties."
ico and the Achilles heel of the United! tion to the territory and the Arizona The resolution was referred to the
States." I senator replied that he advocated this house foreign affairs committee.
The Mexican republic is both un-; -
rf.s St!'ZREPUBLICANS BLOCK RELIEF
. , ,,,.. ... hpnce . ba!,e f
()f n)m an(J nava,
. comparative er.se- and se-j
,.-0v ,.,,,,1,1 1, ..un hi is wd unione I
const.
Enforcement of law and order in
Lower California. Mr. Ashurst de
i clared
left wholly to a governor
mm niiTiiNFsibU nm
;0F INTMTI0MLBFRII7FI1
PEACE PROPOSALS
Return to Paris of President
Wilson and Arrival of the
British Representative Is
Signal for Opening Confabs
PARIS. Jan. 7. (Hy the Associated
Press.) The return to Paris of Pres
ident Wilson, the arrival of Lord Rob
ert Cecil, the special delegate of the
British government on the league of
nations, and the presence here of Leon
Bourgeois, the French representative
on the same subject, marked the in-
. auguration of exchanges on the def-
inite terms by which tne league is to
be constituted.
Already considerable progress has
been made on the various tentative
proposals put, forward, but in the
recent absence of the president these
have not taken definite form, an it is
recognized that he, personally, will
take a leading part in the final formu
lation of the plan. Meanwhile, how
ever, the various governments chiefly
interested are presenting outlines in
quite definite form.
The British plans of this tentative
nature have been presented one by
Lord Robert Cecil, the other by Lieut.
Gen. J. C. Smuta of tne war cabinet.
The French plan as formulated by M.
Bourgeois has also been sK forth, and
these are being compared by the
American specialist wbp are prepar
ing the groundwork for President Wil
son. (
Lord Robert Cecil's plan outlines a
bread and comprehensive organization
of the league of nations, buf-thus far
It Is In general terms and has not yet
been reduced to detinite terms of .en
actment as It would appear in treaty.
General Smuts' plan is along similar
lines, but more general, and is mainly
a thesis on the advantage of such a
league of nations. General Smuts is
the former miuister of defense of the
South African confederation and will
come here with the British prime
minister, David Lloyd George.
Both of these plans are receiving
careful study by the American author
ities and. It is declared, both are re
garded in a most favorable light,
though it still remains to reduce the
general principles to concrete terms.
French Plan Specific.
M. Bourgeois' plan, embodying the
French point of view, while general,
also embraces a number of specific
details, including compulsory arbitra
tion, restriction of excessive arma
ment, an international tribunal and a
series of sanctions or penalties for
enforcing observance of the league's
decisions. These sanctions include
various diplomatic, judicial and econ
omic measures, wiiereby the united
nations may enforce their decrees.
The American viewpoint, as it is
being formulated by the specialists
as the groundwrok for the president,
seeks to reach an accord on funda
mentals on which all agree, and pre-t
sent them in simple working form.
One of the chief fundamentals is the
formation of a league which will era-'fi-rms effected by the railroad admin
brace all the nations of the world, but titration.
not one which will establish any bnl- The interstate commerce commis
ance of power among a group of na-, sion's statement to the committee ra
tions. I
Also, care is being taken that the
cCnuttaued an Pace Four)
California." !
He added however, that he would:
not consent to acquisition of the pen-1
Insula by the United States, except by !
complete agreement with Mexico. I
Snator Weeks of Massachusetts In-j
quired whether Senator Ashurst would
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7 Re
publican opposition to the $100,
000.000 appropriation requested by
President Wilson for European re
lief was manifested today in boih
branches of congress. In the
house Representative Moore of
Pennsylvania blocked considera
tion of a bill, carrying the appro
WOULD PLACE
n
INTERSTATE
Commerce Organization Rec
ommends Return of Rails
to Private Management
Within Reasonable Perjpd
Secretary of Transportation
With Wide Powers, Sug
gested to Assume Active
Prection of All Main Lines
(Pr Review Lenjiea Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7 Railroad
executives have decided to recom
mend to congress a system of nnifled
private management of rail lines with
strong public control exercised by a
secretary of transportation. In the
president's cabinet, and a reorganized
interstate commerce commission with
regional divisions, acting as a court
of last resort in rate disputes.
This became known here today co
incidental -with the disclosure of the
interstate commerce commission's at
titude that rati roads -should be re
turned to private management within
a "reasonable period" to allow for
preparations and readjustments, and
under "broadened, extended and amp
lified governmental regulation."
Commission's Plan
The commission's announcement
was made by Commissioner Edgar F.
Clark, testifying at the senate inter
state commerce committee's hearing
on proposed railroad legislation, to
which the railway executives' pro
posed plan will be presented tomor
row or Thursday. The commission
opposed indefinite continuance of gov
ernmental ownership or operation of
railroads at this time and outlined a
comprehensive pian tor gisUtion.
which would permit elimination of un
necessary competition, pooling of fa
cilities government prescription ot
maximum and minimum rates and
stai'dard of service, government di
rectum of railroad extensions and fi
nancing, and direct co-operation be
tween federal and state regulatory
bodies Commissioner Wooley dis
sented In part, advocating Director
General McAdoo's proposal that gov
ernment control be extended for five
yesrs to provide a test period.
The interstate comtnerce commis
sion's suggestions were the first al
ternative? to Mr. McAdoo's extension
plans so far received by the senate
committee Most of the commission's
slight slions are understood to be em
bodied in the railroad executive's
plan which also proposes permanent
retention of a greater part of the re
ferred repeatedly to a "federal body"
to exercise federal control over rail-
i'onttuuM on t'aife six
President ilson to open negotiations
with Mexico for the purchase or tne
Lower California peninsula and other
Mex'can land along the International
boundary "as shall hy topography
promote harmonious relations by re-
ducing to a minimum all international
priation by refusing unanimous
consent to take It up either today
or Thursday.
Senators Borah and Smoot an
nounced in the senate that they
would oppose the measure unless
more Information regarding plans
for the use ot the money was
fortbeominf.
nuiTnm iri
M1SS1
S
i TWO
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1919.
Ill
I
iRRDn
IZES ILL BERLI
1
SPARTACAN MOBS
ON STREETS BEGIN
FIRING ON PUBLIC
Banks Barricaded and Public
Buddings Commandeered
by Extreme Radicals; Gov
ernment Trys to Resist
PRESIDENT IS
IN PARIS FOR
PEACE CONFAB
WOMEN
AND
GIRLS
tHy Hevirw L,ease1 Wlrej
COJENlivViK.JaB. 7. Berlin Is in
a state of -t-wfcpM. anarchy and civil
war has beggnthere, according to
the Munich correspondent of the Po
litiken. .Jiis information, he sayss is
, based -jjJTt3ep)ijie: messages from
the German capital.
All the banks are barricaded and a
great number of the public buildings
are in the hands of the Spartacans, or
extreme radical group.
i ; Fighting Begins!
Thousands of armed workmen f
the Spartacans faction, the correspond
nt reports,, are crowding the streets
and al several points firing has be
gun. The sound of machine grin fire
could be heard from ail parts of
Berlin.
The message reported the intention
of the government to make an elfort
to storm the building of the police
Kuards later in the day. Dr. Karl
Uebknecht, the SparUcan leader, has
been eeeii about the city organizing
his troops for the final fteht which.
the correspondent says, it is expect
ed Aill be.uin very soon.
Hundreds ' of -persons are reported
fleeing from the city.
PARIS. Jan. 7. (By the Associated!
Press.) lYesWent Wilson has com
pleted his swing through England and
Italy, returning to Paris at 10 o'clock
; this morning. He was accompanied by
Mrs. Wilson and Miss Margaret Wil
son. Thtj president .is ready, for the first
gathering of the premiers and, states
men of the entente powers, and the
informal conferences will begin on
Thursda or Friday. '
The first conferences will ibe in the
nature of informal exchanges of views
by the various groups having common
interests. These will then be con
densed and reduced to memoranda
which the interested nations will sign
and pass to the peace conference to be
incorporated if satisfactory in the
final terms.
It .is believed that by this method
the great powers can avoid calling in
the representatives of the powers with
until aU niauers directly .affecting
belligerents are discussed.
Under the present scheme the rep
resentatives of neutral states and the
smaller belligerents will first meet
the 4-epresentativs of he powers- wih
whom they have interests. The con
ferences will concern principally local
questions. It will be a process of
elimination which is expected to re
duce greatly the detailed work of the
peneral- conference.
DIE IN EXPLOSION
iRv Review Leased Wire)
PITTSBURGH. Pa., Jan. 7. Be
tween 15 and 110 persons, mostly
j women and girls, were killed and more
than a score of others injured here
late today when an explosion wrecked
a film exchange building at 804 Penn
sylvania avenue, in the downtown sec
tion. Kight bodies have been recov
ered and firemen say many other
bodies are under the wreckage.
As the building in which the ex
plosion occurred is of six floors iflany
of the injured were hurt by jumping
from upper floors.
Many firemen were injured., two
when an extension ladder collapsed
and others by flying glass and wreck
age. William Bennett, chief of the Pitts
burgh fire' department, estimates the
loss at $1,000,000.
At midnight only eight bodies had
been removed from the wreckage.
One girl succumbed in a hospital,
making the known dead at that hour
nine.
GOVERNMENT RESISTS.
BERLIN, Monday, Jan. 6. (By the
Associated Press.) A government
official has informed the correspond
ent that the cabinet has rallied all
agencios to the support of law and
order and defense of the government.
"If the Spartacans attack us," said
the oiiicial, "they will liud us pre
pared. We have all the troops needed
to assert our authority. Naturally we
are anxious to avoid a conflict, but
if it comes it will not be of our choos
ing."' The correspondent has been in
formed in competent, quarters .that
the government, is hurriedly mobiliz
ing all available defensive forces.
making the royal? Ktabies thtC head
quarters. A Spartacus apartment in
the former chancellor's palace has
been equ'pped as a Red Cross room.
STREET BATTLES FREQUENT.
BERLIN". Jan. 7. (Havas.) The
government has decided it will .end
the plottings of the Spariacus social-,
EXPLOSION KILLS FOUR.
(Kv Review Leased Wir
PIN'OLK, Cal., Jan. 7. Four men
were killed here today by the ex
plosion of 1500 pounds of dynamite
gelatine in a mixing plant of the
Hercules Powder company. There j
were no others in the building. The l
detonation was heard for miles. The
damage was estimated at il0,0"0.
Hy Review Leased Wire)
7H
THANKS ITALIAN RULER
ROME. Monday, Jan. 6, (By the As
sociated Press.) When the train tak
ing President and Mrs. Wilson to
France reached the Italian frontier
and there was a halt while a French' GOVERNMENT BUILDING BURNS.
locomotive was taking the place of the
Italian engine. President Wilson sent
a telegram to King Victor Emmanuel
renewing his warm thanks for the cor
dial reception he had received in Italy
and for the friendly demonstrations
toward America. The Italian authori
ties on board the train bade Presi
dent Wilson farewell at the border,
except the Duke of Lame, represent
ing the king, who accompanied the
president to Paris.
with the Spartacus faction provided
civilians were disarmed, occupied
buildings were evacuated and Chief
of Police Eichhorn should give in.
The Spaltaciis group has captured the
postoffice. The offices of the Wolff
bureau, the semi-official news bureau,
tas teen transferred to Frankfort.
ARMISTICE SOON EXPIRES
' PARIS, Jan. 7, (Havas.) Only ten
days remain befoTe the expiration of
NEWPORT NEWS. Va., Jan. 7.
The government atmiinistration build
ing all the offices connected with
the port of embarkation and debarka
tion" of troops is on fire and is said
to he doomed. It covers an area of a
city block and is a frame structure.
All available lire apparatus has been
called out.
AIRPLANE SETS RECORD
The Spartacans also are arming andL, ,jme aiiotted to Germanv for the ' fiMt
Bv Review Leased Wire)
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Jan. 7. What
is believed to be a new world's air
plane speed record, was set today in a
flight from Dayton to Cleveland by
Pilot Eric Springer and Mechanician
Ernest Longchamp in a Martin bomb
ing plane driven by two Liberty mot
tors. The' 215 miles were made in one
hour and 15 minutes, an average of
172 miles an hour. The previous rec
ord between the cities was two hours
The machine carried gasoline, tools
and baggage weighing 2500 pounds.
,
ITALIAN DEAD IN RUSSIA j
(Bf Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7. Count F. ;
Miniscalchi-Erizzo, charge of the Ital-
ian embassy, died today from pneu- j
wieetiinr of the armistice terms of
Marshal Foch, and many of the de
tails stilL remain not entirely com
plied with. This is particularly true
as concerns article four of the armis
tice, regarding the surreuder of war
materials, especially guns and air
planes. Added non fulfillment of the surren-
ists with the means at present at its, er 0f war paraphernalia is the failure monia which followed an attack of in-
uisposal and in a proclamation lssuea , of Germany to abide by her agree- fluenza. No arrangements for the lu-;
today instructs its troops to defend ; ment to reoatriate immediately a neral h;ivw heen made. i
the government, and prohibit gather- j great number of entente soldiers held
ing of groups in the streets. j as prisoners, and in high quarters I
Sireet battles continue. During the here the question has arisen whether ,
lighting, revolvers and hand grenades! jn spite of Marshal Foch's accustomed i
have been used. The number of per-1 indulgence, the inter-allied command
ENEMY SHIP IN FRANCE
(l)v Review Leased Wire)
TClI'tnV France Jan 7 iH-ivas.l
sons killed or wounded is not known. , will not be more severe in its dealings The Austro Hungarian battleship
The Spartaetis group has captured the; with Germany when the expected re- Salzburg, requisitioned by France, has
Spaudau arsenal and distributed arms
among its followers. It is said the
government would consent to a parley discussion.
quest by Germany for further delay in arrived at this port. She is the first
meeting the allied terms comes up for enemy ship to drop anchor in French
waters.
m'Jl tit i-ijjfcMitf li
w ,.?'-' "H,. fefff y i y. wj. w rirf-M'jJvt-'Mi''
2l.
EAGLE THEATER iKPAX:
WM. FOX PRESENTS
sstiB rarnum
-IN-
A 5-ACT DRAMA OF WESTERN ROMANCE
Admission :
Children, 10c;
Adults, 15c;
This includes War Tax
.w Yii'.li M .7". W
pmi i tuny m
Practical Mining Course
NEXT LECTURE:
"BREAKING GROUND IN DRIFTS"
By J. I. KcGASRY, Foreman Gartner
Y. IS.- C. A. January 9 W. - !:C0 ana 7:09 ?. u, :
mmrv fnnwaf-nrcrTiTBT-rTTirT- "Tra--- "y .-Tr-"'TTiTnTjrTrT,rr
And Now We Come to the Third Day With a Rich
Unfolding of New Opportunities, in This, Our
r
Anneal Clearance
Sale!
That by reason of its Out-of-the-Ordinary presentation of merchandise, at new priced lowerings, has become
the premier event. "
The One Clearance of All the Year.
Filled to the very brim with merchandise of merit, at savings that are out of the common-place.
It is only at an annual clearance of the kind that opportunities like these are possible.
100 Silk and Serge DRESSES
WAY LESS AT
O
I
"Give me the headline position," said the department manager, "for certainly this
sale of dresses deserves all the prominence you can possibly give it and you will be sur
prised to know that among them are dresses of beautiful serges, taffetas, georgette, satin,
etc. Here are dozens of different models, including tunic and over skirt styles; some with
braid, beads and fringe, trimmings.
The sizes and colors are all you could ask, and the saving is so important that we know
that if you need a dress, you will be among those who come early this morning, price $14.75
All things considered, this is the most notable sale of dresses that we' have made in a
long time. Dress values to $29.50.
WOMEN'S SUITS, all V2 PRICE
Needless to say, this price is far and away lower than the original markings. It's because we want to make
this sale a record breaker, that we planned such an attractive feature there are 50 garments, all told, well made,
modishly designed, and remarkably low. Suits of serge, broadcloth, velvet and tweed. All sizes Vi PRICE.
Women's Coats at Less
Maybe you have been waiting for one of these beautiful coats. If so you'll hail the clearance prices that now
mark the snappiest coats we have ever shown. Coats of melton, velours and other fine materials, in all the good
colors. ' New models, some with fur collars, others with plush and helf collars. The prices, radically lowered for
this clearance.
CO A TS WOR TH $35.00, NO W $26.25
Coats, worth $39.50, now .......$29.50 Cbats worth $50.00, now $37.75
Coats worth $45.00, now $32.75 Coats worth $60.00, now $44.93
CENTERING GREATER INTEREST in the FAR-FAMED
Clearance Sale Silks
If ycu have a silk need, we advise you to attend this an
nual event.
You will 'thank us for advising ycu.
Below are a few of the items that are attracting attention:
TWO-TONED SATIN, $1.98. Best color combinations.
4C IN., ALL SILK CREPE DE CHINE, $1.49. All colors,
light and dark.
ALL SILK POPLIN, $1.35. Big range of the best shades.
SILK SHIRTING, $1.19. Beautiful line of stripes.
SILK AND LINEN CREPE DE CHINE, 95c YD. All shades.
PLAIDS, $2.19. Big assortment of color combinations.
WHITE BENGEUNE, $1.93. Beautiful for skirts.
DRESS SATINS, $2.19. Big range of dark and every shade.
CHIFFON TAFFETA, $1.98. All the newest shades.
54-IN. CHIFFON BROADCLOTH, $3.19. Best ast. colors.
56-IN. VELURE COATINGS, $4.37. Best Coat shades:
WOOL CHALUES, 47c YD. White with small figure.
WOOL SUITINGS, $1.19. Many materials, good shades.
Clearance SALE
of Women's
Shoes, $4.95
VALUE FROM $6.00 TO 58.00
There are three hundred
pairs of shoes, taken from our
regular stock. Every one a
bargain. High shoes, in col
ored leathers of kid and
French calf, two-tone effects,
dark bottoms, with light tops
of kid or cloth, in greys,
browns, etc. All sizes and
widths. Clearance price $4.95
Clearance Sale Blouses, $4.95
Really beautiful blouses and ever so many styles to
choose from. They have been marked at much higher
prices. Blouses of crepe de chine, georgette and tub
silks, in all shades,; some with large collars, others with
small tailored, and the collarless, embroidered and
beaded effects, as well as the plain and tailored. All
sizes, 36 tc 46 at $4.95
. 7.
CORSETS
i2 Price
Bon Ton and Royal Worces
ter Makes.
The price alone will result
in quick disposal of this limit
ed stock of beautiful corsets,
in the nationally known Bsn
Ton and Royal Worcester
models of pink brocade and
pink and white poplin, in up
to date styles, low or medium
butt. Front or back lace. All
sizes at 1 2 PRICE.
Women's Silk and Wool Unions
$1.95 all sizes
They're wonderful suits at this price just think what
you have been paying for cotton unions. Of course
they usually sell at much higher prices than we have
made for this clearance and that is the very reason you
should buy them now. Large sleeves, ankle length and
low neck, with elbo sleeve, ankle length. All sixes $1.95
Women's Smart Skirts at Less Large Size Bath Towels, 49c
It's such a useful possession a smart separate skirt
we just know that there will be an eager demand for
these particularly attractive ones. Skirts of beautiful
plaids and stripes, in the finest materials, as well as black
satins. Each one an exclusive mode! good range of
sizes clearance prices: .
Skirts worth $15.00. now $ 9.95
Skirt3 woith $20.00, now $13.35
i-kirts wrth $25.00. now $16.65
bkirts vrorth $29.75, now $19.S5
No Phone Orders Filled at This Price
You can appreciate the importance of these, when we
have been selling them at 73c. Large size, soft finish;
plain, white or pink and blue plaids.
36 inch Bleached Muslin, yd 19c
36 inch Soft Finish Nainsook, yd 19c
Pure white, soft finish, nainsook and muslin, suitable
for underwear and domestic use. You'll want a quan
tity at this price.
I
J THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1919.
THREE
ROUGH RIDER
ASKS BURIAL AS
CITIZEN OF AMERICA
(Continued from Page Ooe)
memory of their friend and neighbor
whose figure bad once been so famil
iar to them.
Capt. Archibald Roosevelt received
a cablegram today rrom Lieut. Col.
Theodore Roosevelt. Jr.. saying that
he and his brother. Lieut. Kermit
Roosevelt, both with the American
expeditionary force in Europe, were
together. Captain Archibald sent a
cablegram in reply.
Theodore said also in bis message
that Dr. Richard Derby, husband of
Ethel Roosevelt, was sailing at once
lor America. LieuL Col. Derby is in
the medical corps, having sailed for
France early in tbe war. Mrs. Derby
1 at Sagamore hill.
Many Called at Home.
Many persons of prominence called
at Sagamore hill today and there will
be many more tomorrow. Represent
ing Cuba, came Carlos Manuel Ces
pedes, minister to the United States;
Alfonso Forcado, secretary of the
Cuban house of reprsentatives, and
Cayetano de Quesada, vice-consul.
After telling Captain Roosevelt how
high was the esteem in which the
Cuban people held his father, they in
formed him that at tbe request of the
people of Cuba the government pro
posed to erect in Havana a monument
to tbe colonel.
Another Sagamore hill caller was
Col. Alexander Saubert, medical
corps, United States army, who had
at various times attended the colonel.
After talking with Mrs. Roosevelt he
said she was bearing up remarkably
Well. She possessed traits of charac
ter which were proving her support
now, be said, adding that tbe Ameri
can people had little realized how
much the former president depended
on Mrs. Roosevelt throughout his
career.
Captain Roosevelt replied today to!
the cablegram in which President
Wilson expressed to Mrs Roosevelt
his sympathy for her loss.
In his response to the president,
Captain Archibald said:
"President Woodrow Wilson, Ameri
can Peace Mission, Paris, France. j
"Permit me to thank you, on behalf (
of Mrs. Roosevelt, for your courteous!
message of sympathy." I
Besides the callers at Sagamore i
hill today, long distance telephone
messages came from Vice-President
Marshall in Washington and Governor
Alfred E. Smithy in Albany. Each
talked with Capffcin Roosevelt, ex
tending personal sympathy., and said
he would attend the funeral tomorrow.
Governor Alfred E. Smith and lead
ers of both bouses of the legislature I
will represent New York state. j
President's Friends Attend
A few of the noted men who were j
Colonel Roosevelt's closest friends
have been invited to the funeral. They I
include Senator Henry Cabot Lodge
and Charles Evans Hughes. Another
mourner will be William H. Taft,
whose friendship for Mr. RooseveltJ
had been re-established more than a
year ago. . J
Tbe former president's body was i
placed tonight for the first time in j
tbe plain oak coffin, in which it will
he taken tomorrow to Christ church,
where the services are to be held at
12:45 o'clock. On the coffin appears
only a brief inscription tbe name of
Theodore Roosevelt and the dates of
his birth and death.
Whether those at the church would
he allowed to look for the last time
upon the face of the former president,
was not known here tonight. Mrs.
Roosevelt was said to te undecided
whether the coffin should be finally
sealed before being carried into the
sanctuary. Announcement may be
made tomorrow morning, but it ap
peared more probable that Mrs.
Roosevelt would not make known her
desire in this respect until after the
service of prayer at Sagemore Hill
tomorrow.
Only the Immediate family 'of Col
onel Roosevelt will be present at the
prayer service which will be conduct
ed by Rev. George E. Talmage, who
is to officiate at the church of which
be is the rector.
Greenway Among Mourners
A contingent of Rough Riders who
served under the colonel during the
Spanish-American war, are among
those who will occupy places of honor
at the funeral service.
Included among them are Lt. Col.
John C. Greenway of Bisbee. Ariz.,
famous football and baseball player in
his college days, who returned recent
ly from service in France, and Capt.
V. E. Dame of Las Vegas, N. M.
WASHINGTON REPRESENTED.
(Bv Review Incased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7 Vice-President
-Thomas Marshall, acting as the
highest representative of President
Wilson, committees of the senate and
house, and representatives of the state,
war,and navy departments, left Wash
ington tonight for Oyster Bay, N. Y.,
to attend the funeral tomorrow of
Theodore Roosevelt.
President Wilson, at Paris, sent a
personal cablegram to Mr. Marshall
today, asking that he attend the
funeral as the president's representa
tive. Later Mr. Wilson Bent an offi
cial proclamation to the American
people in which he paid high tribute
to Mr. Roosevelt and directed that
flagB on all government buildings be
displayed at half mast for 30 days
and that suitable military and naval
honors be rendered.
Business at Standstill.
Inquiries as to why government de
partments were not . ordered closed
during the funeral revealed that an
act passed in 1893 forbids such marks
of respect to former government offi
cials. As far as possible, however,
government activities will cease. The
senate adjourned tonight until Thurs
day and the bouse will meet for only
a brief session. Most committee hear
ings set for tomorrow were aban
doned. Gen. Peyton C. March, chief of staff,
will represent the- war department at
the funeral; Assistant Secretary Wil
liam Philips will act for the state de
partment, and Rear Admiral Cameron
McR. Winslow was appointed by Sec
retary Daniels to represent the navy
department.
About 40 senators and representa
tives comprised tbe congressional
funeral party which left here today
in three special cars, accompanied by
senate and house 6ergeants-at-arms
and other officers. Tbe senate dele
gation with Senator Lodge of Massa
chusetts, the republican leader, as
chairman, included Senators Calder of
New York. Johnson of California, Knox
of Pennsylvania, Kellogg of Minne
sota, Poindoxter of Washington., Cur
tis of Kansas, Harding of Ohio, Cham
berlain of Oregon, Smoot of Utah,
Phelan of California, Henderson of
Nevada, Gay of Louisiana, Kifig of
Utah, Martin of Kentucky, New of
Indiana, and Sutherland of West Vir
ginia. Other senators left 'on later
trains. The senate committee was
enlareed, under revised plans made
today, because some senators original
ly appointed on the committee were
unable to leave, including Majority
Leader Martin, while others were ab
sent from Washington.'
House Committee. j
Members of tbe house committee
included Speaker Clark and Repre
sentatives Sherley of Kentucky, Webb
of North Carolina, Flood of Virginia,
Dent of Alabama, Sherwood of Ohio,
Padgett of Tennessee, Stedman of
North Carolina, Estopinal of Louisi
ana, Riordan of New York, McAndrew
of Illinois, Gallivan of Massachusetts,
Smith of New York, Mann of Illinois,
Fordney of Michigan, Gillett of Massa
chusetts, Volstead of Minnesota,
Russians are being killed on Russian
Cooper of Wisconsin, Kahn of Cali
fornia. Butler of Pennsylvania, Mott
of New York, Hicks of New York.
Chandler of New York, Cannon of
Illinois, Rodenberg of Illinois and Bow
ers of West Virginia. Representative
Kitchin of North Carolina, the demo
cratic leader, who is at the bedside
of bis daughter in Richmond, Va., was
unable to accompany tbe party.
EUROPE GRIEVES.
PARIS, Jan. 7. (Havas.) All the
newspapers publish eulogistic articles
on the death of Colonel Roosevelt,
declaring that America loses in him
one of ber greatest men and France
one of her best friends.
HALT ALL BUSINESS.
(By Review Leaned Wire)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 7. A proc
lamation was issued by Mayor James
Rolph, Jr., today, asking that all busi
ness be halted and ordering that all
traffic be stopped five minutes, begin
ning at 9:45 o'clock tomorrow morn
ing as a mark of respect for former
President Theodore Roosevelt. A
memorial service will be held in the
civic auditorium.
VIVIANI MOURNS.
(Ry Review Leased Wire)
PARIS, Jan. 7. Rene Vivian!, for
mer premier, said today concerning
the death of former President Roose
velt: "I learn with grief of the death of
Roosevelt. He was a friend of France.
I can remember him during our mis
sion of 1917 to America. I can see
him in New York, impetuous, ardent
and energetic, his clear eyes lit up by
justice, and I can hear again his first
words to me: T and my four sons
are In the service for righteousness."
"He died after victory. Let us be
united in saluting his great memory."
ing to get information why our troops
are in Russia and tbe senate is not
going to permit the burial in commit
tee of any resolution calling for this
information. The mothers of these
boys are going to be heard from."
The Iowa senator said he had made
repeated efforts to obtain information
from the war department regarding
the troops in Russia, but without suc
cess because, "the cables are too con
gested with important matters, includ
ing descriptions of women's dresses."
in connection with the pri-sick-nt's
visit abroad.
Senator Hitchcock of Nebraska,
chairman of thp fenate foreign rela
tions committee, had planned to dis
cuss the Russian situation in the sen
ate today but was prevented by tbe
rush of other business and plans to
speak Thursday.
five thousand dollnrs will be spont !
by the city in improvements.
CHICAGO SUSPENDS BUSINESS.
(By Review Leased Wire
CHICAGO, Jan. 7. All Chicago will
join tomorrow in pcying tribute to
Colonel Roosevelt's memory. Busi
ness will be suspended for five min
utes, and at the hour when the funeral
services start, a memorial meeting
will be opened by the Hamilton club.
At 1:45 o'clock all street cars will be
halted for five minutes. At the same
hour, all Chicago school children will
observe a moment of silence, and then
for 30 minutes will participate in pa
triotic songs and eulogistic readings.
Chicago pastors on Sunday will honor
the former president in their sermons.
MAY JOIN COAST LEAGUE
By Review Leased Wire)
SEATTLE. Wush., Jan. ".No form
al action was taken at today's meeting
here of the Pacific Coast Internation
al Baseball league diractors regard
lug a proposal that Seattle and Port
land join the Pacific Coant Easeball
league. The directors adjourned short
ly after noon to meet again tonight.
Walter McCredie, former manager
of the Portland club, said Portland
favored the move to join the southern
league. D. E. Dugdale, president of
the Seattle club, declared he would
consider the move a w ise one if trans
portation and financial difficulties
could be overcome.
DENY INJUNCTION PETITION.
iV.y Review i-east Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7. Applica
tions for injunctions to restrain the
Butte & Superior Mining company
from disposing of Its assets through
the payment of dividends or other
wise, until final determination of pro
ceedings brought by the Minerals
Separation, Ltd., to enjoin that organi
zation from alleged infringement on a
patented process for extracting ore
by flotation, were today denied by
the supreme court, before which body
the appeal is now penJing.
Because of the importance of the
suit and the large financial interests
Involved, the supreme court agreed to
give It early consideration anil fixed
March 3 for hearing arguments.
SILENCE ON OIL NOTES
SCHEDULES UNFINISHED
(By Review Leasl Wire)
CINCINNATI. Ohio, Jan. 7 After
laboring all day with the playing
schedules of the National and Amer
ican leagues for the season of 1919,
the Joint schedule committee of tbe
two major organizations meeting here,
laid aside its work tonight and will
again take up the matter tomorrow,
finding that the, work could not be
completed in lime for the members to
catcB trains for their homes tonight.
HOLIDAY IN ARIZONA
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
PHOENJX, Ariz., Jan. 7. Governor
Thomas E. Campbell of Arizona, late
tonight declared a half-holiday tomor
row for all Etate institutions, begin
ning at noon, to enable employes of
the commonwealth to pay reverent
homage to Theodore Roosevelt, who,
the governor says, was tbe greatest
friend the baby state ever had.
MURPHY RESIGNS
(By Review Leased Wire)
CHICAGO, Jan. 7. Fred Murphy,
football coach at Northwestern univer
sity for the last five years, has ten
dered his resignation, saying his grow
ing mining interests In Colorado re
quired all of his attention. Murphy
gave Northwestern the best football
it had had in nearly ' a dozen years
and in 1917 had one of the best teams
in the western conference.
CUE ARTISTS CLASH.
CHICAGO, Jan. 7 Augie Kieck
hefer. three-cushion biliard champion,
tonight defeated Pierre Maupome.
Mexican challenger. 55 to 4t in the
second block of their match. The
score now stands 100 to 96 In Kieck
hefer'a favor. Tomorrow night's
block will end the match.
SENATORS CLASH
WHEN LA FOLLETTE
DEFENDS BOLSHIVIKI
(Continued from Page One)
Partial List of
Equipment For Sale
Six miles of standard guage rail
road, 45 and 55 lb. rail; 75 ton of 8
and 10 lb. relaying rails, 50 tons of
12 and 16 lb.; Donkey Engines; Rail
road Gondolas; 100 Stamp Mill, com
plete; (Corliss Engines; Air Compress
ors; Hoists; Engines; Generators;
Motors; 9 miles of 4 inch spiral riv
eted pipe; 15,000 ft. of 4 Inch, stand
dard pipe; 8,000 ft. of 3 inch stand
ard pipe; 6,500 ft. of 2; j inch, stand
ard pipe; 8,000 ft of 2 inch, standard
pipe; Ore Cars; Skips; Timber Cars;
Triplex Pumps; Boilers from 30 H. P.
to 300 H. P.; Rock Crushers; Lathes;
Planers; Drill Presses; Pipe Lathes;
Blowers; Boiler Feed Pumps; Assay
Outfits; Steel Tanks; Galvanized
Tanks; Steel Plates; Wire Cable, all
sizes; Grizzlies; Drills; Drill Steel;
Concentrating Tables; Complete
Blacksmith Outfits; Pulleys; Belting;
Valves; Pipe Fittings; Picks, Shovels,
axes; Wrenches, Hammers, Sledgs
Hammers; Anvils.
EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
TO BUY AT BIG SAVINGS
We are dismantling the famous Cong
ress, Alvarado and Rincorn Mills at
Congress Junction, Arizona, and the
entire equipment, in good condition,
MUST be disposed of Immediately.
The million dollar stock will be sac
rificed at ridiculously low prices. You
can secure anything- you want in the
way of mining, milling and industrial
machinery In steam, electric and gaso
line power, at practically your own
price.
Quick action on your part will be
necessary as we are determined to
quickly dispose of the mammoth stock
at a sacrifice in price. Nothing re
served. Inspection of any of the stock may
be made at Congress Junction. Wire
or write for specifications and sale
price of any machinery or goods you
desire. Orders received by mail or
wire will receive our most careful at
tention. ALL MACHINERY GUARANTEED
TO BE IN FIRST CLASS CONDITION
Address Communications to
Cdtigres Junction, Arizona, or 308
East Third Street, Los Angeles, Cal.
soil. Apparently from Dress dis
patches desperate fighting is going on j
continually."
Senator LaFollette said the informa
tion given regarding the bolsbeviki
government by Edgar Sisson of the
committee on public information was
covered "by tbe slime of foxification,
with fraud and forgery plainly mani
fest." Replies to LaFollette
Senator Swanson, in reply, reiterat
ed that the allies and American forces
seized Archangel to prevent its becom
ing an important German submarine
base and said that the fact that the
bolshevik! opposed the allied opera
tions, proved that they were unfriend
ly. Senator Kenyon said the danger of
Archangel becoming a German sub
marine base is passed and asked why
the troops were not withdrawn.
"The war is not over," began Sen
ator Swanson, but he was interrupted
by Senator Thomas of Colorado, demo
crat, who said enormous supplies are
at Archangel and along the Murman
coast which the allies must protect.
Senator Swanson said that the bol
shevikl have been responsible for
most of the fighting as they had tried
to drive the allied forces from Arch
angel, and be added that he thought
the government was right in sending
troops to Russia.
Senator Kirby of Arkansas, demo
crat, declared the allied troops in
Russia were "hopelessly outnumber
ed" and that they either should be
reinforced or withdrawn. A similar
opinion was expressed by Senator
Kenyon of Iowa, republican, who said:
To Demand Explanation
'"The people of this country .are go-
THOMPSON SUCCEEDS HARRIS
(Bv Roi-iew Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7. Appoint
ment of Huston Thompson of Colo
rado, assistant attorney general, to
membership on the federal trade com
mission to succeed Senator-elect Har
ris or Georgia, was confirmed today
by the senate.
CITIZENS BUY RAILWAY
(By Review Leased Wire
FT. COLLINS, Colo., Jan. 7.
Voters of Ft. Collins, by an over
whelming majority, today approved a
bond issue of $100,000 for the purchase
of the local street railway system.
Agreement between the Denver & In
terurban Railway company, owner of
the property, for transfer of the Ft.
Collins system to the city fpr $75,0000
already ' has been reached. Twenty-
IliiilSiilf
tejl tea
1 ' i
I J
mm
MARINELLO
Tar Tonic
New Preparation.
Amazing results.
Cleanses scalp anli
tt fitiraily. Stops tail
ing hair. Eliminates
and prevents dandruff.
Reduces oily condition.
Enlivens growth. In
sures abundance of
lustrous, healthy.heavy
hair.
McDonald's
Phone 305
m
i
1 II
mm
Women Should Take
special care to keep free from headache, back
ache, constipation, weakness and depression.
For these recurring ailments and other condi
tions peculiar to women, Beecham's Pills are a
tested and effectual remedy. They act gently
and promptly on the stomach, liver and bowels,
and exert a tonic, strengthening effect on the
bodily functions. These famous pills are purely
vegetable, contain no habit-forming drug, and
produce no disagreeable after-effects. Women
the world over, find needed help and strength in
Beeepanfs Pills
"Lortt Sat of Mtdicinm in thm World"
Directions of Special Valua to Women are. with Every Boa.
Sold by druggists throughout the world. la Boxes, 10c 25c
(Bv Review i.e-wn Wire) t
MEXICO CITY. Jan. 7. While !
neither the American embassy nor the !
Mexican foreign office has yet made
public the note addressed to the Mex
ican government by the United States
regarding oil b-gislatton. it was learn
ed today that the Mexican government
was framing a reply which probably
would be handed to Ambassador
Fletcher on Thursday. Nothing official
has been given out here either con
cerning the American note or the Mex
ican reply.
HIRAM GILL DEAD
(Tv Review leased Wire)
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 7 Hiram C.
Gill, former mayor of Seattle, died
here today of influenza.
Mr. Gill, who was 53 years old. had
been elected mayor of Seattle three
times. He was recalled from that of
fice once, in 1911.
Gill became a center of national in
terest when he was tried on a charge
of having shielded the Billingsley
brothers. Illicit liquor dealers. Gill
was acquitted. He had been ill since
December 27.
URGE MORE FARMING
Rv Review T.eaeea TVIre)
BALTIMORE, Md., Jan. 7. In clos
ing session of the convention of Na
tional Association of Agricudture here
today, necessity of increased impetus
to farming as a readjustment measure
was emphasized by speakers and it
was pointed out that an agricultural
boom at this time is as essential as
during war-time activity.
AR .T 11 7
Your money in our Bank will be absolutely se
cure, and making more money for you working
day and night, rain or shine, whether you are sick
or well or taking a vacation.
4rt ON SAVINGS ACCOUNTS
Bank with us.
v IRiJUr !
L. J. OVERLOCK, Broker
Correspondents: Paine, Websr & Co., Boston, Duluth, Calumet.
LOGAN &. BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
A. J. CRAIG, Independent Gasfitter.
ALL KINDS GAS WORK MY 8PECIALTY. Gas Water Heaters and
Ranges installed and repaired. Qas piping work guaranteed. Prices
reasonable. Phone 268, cars H. E. Wootton, Res. Phone, Black 702.
RECLAMATION CONFERENCE
(Pv Review I.ea-w-d Wire)
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 7. To out
line definite plan3 to co-operate with
Secretary JYanklin K. Lane of the fed
eral interior department In Colorado
river reclamation wcrk. Governor
Bamberger Is asking the chief exe
cutives of Colorado, Wyoming, Ari
zona and New Mexico, to send dele
gates to a convention to be held In
Salt Lake on Saturday, January IS.
POLICE END RIOT.
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7. The police
put an end to a footrace in Lafayette
Square tonight between angry crowds
of men and three torch-bearing senti
nels of the national woman's party by
arresting the women. The prisoners
would not furnish bonds and were
moved to the house of detention to
await trial tomorrow In the police
Court.
- HUNS PREPARE PEACE DATA.
- (Bv Review l-eneert WlreJ
LONDON. Jan. 7. (British Wireless
Service.) Preparations for the peace
cbuference are being concluded by
the German ministers. and an
enormous number of documents have
been mada ready, according to the
Amsterdam correspondent of the
Daily Express.
isbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
9
COAL
WOOD
isbee Fuel and
Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
i
J
r
Gas Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to Yom
Range Boiler
Provides abundant supply of
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
jrsa :
Ill f; I
l a i
!!' -
Bisbee Improvement Co.
I FOUR
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1919.
BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
Published Every Day Except Monday,
jy the State Consolidated
Publishing Company
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press Is exclusively
entitled to the use for re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to it
or not otherwise credited to this
paper, and also, the local news pub
lished therein.
All rights of re-publicatlon of spe
cial dispatches herein are also re
served:
Entered at Second Class Mail Matter
at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE
IN ADVANCE
Per month $ .75
Three months 2.25
Six months 4 00
Twelve months 7.50
Sunday (our weekly) per year 2.50
Sunday (our weekly) per quarter .75
No Subscription Taken Less Than 75c
Why Not Advertise?
In pre-war days the railroads were
one of the newspapers' best adver
tisers. Under government operation rail
road advertising In newspapers is cut
Off. :;T - .
Now, in' Director General McAdoo's
"information for the press," which of
course Is for free publication, news
papers are' advised of railroad excurs
ion rates to different parts of the
country, in order to build up traffic.
Freight and passenger rates have
been increased 25 per cent more
than private management ever thought
of asking. .
The newspapers are wondering how
long it will be before the director gen
eral uses legitimate advertising to
buildup the-trade the roads now need.
Why not -advertise a little, Mr. Mc
Adoo? The war is over and the news
papers have advertising space for sale,
and advertising is a legitimate ex
pense of any up-to-date business.
Submarines Hereafter
Champions of the submarines are
beginning, to lift their heads; not the
submarine in its recent role, but as
a civilized tool of mankind. Various
suggestions are made as to its possi
bilities. One of them is that, develop
ed to the highest degree, it may be
come a war vessel which will finally
dispose of the battleship; and that, as
submarines cannot fight under water,
when a war is declared the undersea j
boats of the belligerents will simply
proceed to blockade each other's ports
and a deadlock will result, more ef
fective than fighting in bringing the
nations to terms.
It is suggested, too, that submarines
may be employed to savlage the car
goes of the vessels which have been
sunk, in waters shallow enough to
allow it, such as the English channel
and parts of the North sea. If this
should prove practical it ould be a
precious thought to make the crews
of the German boats do the work.
Their findings would not be altogether
pleasant, and memory would play her
part. It wouid be nerve-racking and
arduous and when it was done the
property reclaimed could go to its
rightfuj owners.
Perhaps it is not a bad plan after
all, to retain the submarine and de
velop it further. It 'may act as an in
strument of justice. Arizona Gazette.
Horses and Tractors
There is a curious and unreasoning
human tendency to suppose that when
something has been introduced that
performs the functions of something
already in existence, it supersedes it
and wipes it out of existence. It was
this objection that labor-saving ma
chinery has always had to encounter.
We remember that when Uie linotype
came into use, it was predicted that
thousands of printers all over the
country would be thrown out of jobs
since one machine could do the work
of four or five men.
Tut labor saving machinery has al
ways opened up more new jobs. There
are far more men now employed in
the printing trade than ever before;
more than would now be employed but
for the linotype. The newspapers have
been able to expand as they could
never have done under the old "hand
set" limitations.
Wheu the automobile had ceased to
be a curiosity, a mere toy, and was
coming into general use, the doom of
the horse was pronounced, but the
horse did not go. He only went higher.
The result was that we had a better
class of horses, and those engaged in
the business of raising horses found
it more profitable than ever.
Now, ' many think that the tractor
will be the end of the liorsc. That
the tractor has already cut a great
figure is true and that it is destined
to lieceme a much more important
lactor than it is now. is evident, but
that docs not moan I lie extinc tion of
the horse.
The secretary of the American As-
sociatlon of Importers of Belgian
horses, advises the farmers to breed
horses. There was a scarcity, he
says, before the war, and the war, ac-
'. cording to 'his statement, consumed
horses at the rate of 5000 a day. He
places the exportation of horses from
this country during the four years
of the war at 1,500,000. Other coun
tries have contributed in proportion,
while the supplies of the European
countries had been almost exhausted
before ours were put uuder requisi
tion. '
He foresees a scarcity of horses in
this country and in every country for
a good many years, and this, too, after
making allowance for an increased
use of the tractor in farming opera
tions. There is now, he says, a de
mand in the United States alone for
a million tractors. . He adds that it
must be years before the demand
for tractors can be satisfied so that
even if the tractor is destined to sup
plant horses in farming operations to
the degree that many people think it
will, there will be an assured market
for all the horses that can be bred for
a long time to come. Arizona Re
publican. The Mystery Ship
Not even air fighting had anything
as a sport on the stalking of subma
rines in the now famous "Q" boats,
or mystery ships, of the British navy.
The cables report that President Wil
son inspected one of these ingenius
craft in the Manchester ship canal.
In light of the detailed descriptions
now available, the Trojan horse be
comes a silly and clumsy device by
comparison.
Take the Suffolk coast, for instance.
latest of the "Q" ships, now in St.
Katherine's dock, near the Tower of
London, where she Is being inspected
at a shilling a head, the proceeds go
ing to naval charities. She was a
collier to start with, and still looks
like a drab, dingy cargo boat. Yet
by merely dropping the sides of her
hcuse, she can in five seconds bring
a broadside to bear that will outgun
a destroyer. To start with, she is
laden with timber to Increase her
buoyancy, and thus if torpedoed, de
lay her foundering long enough for
her purpose in life to be fulfilled. For
the rest nothing is at it seems. A
fake smokestack, containing a peri
scope, is a point of concealment from
which her captain can watch his en
emy, while himself hidden. The
whole ship, including the bridge, is
connected fore and aftby a con
cealed passage. Guns large and small
are hidden In every conceivable spot.
In action, the mystery ship carries a
crew of forty-eight, as against the fif
teen she would normally carry as a
cargo boat. The "panic party" is her
pet deceit. When a U-boat torpedo
goes home- all the motion of aban
doning ship are carried out. A boat
is put overboard with what appears
to He the entire crew all the rest
remaining calmly hidden on board
waiting for the U-boat to come to the
surface and offer a fair target. Mean
while the ship is 6iowly sinking. Often
hours pass in this slow suspense.
Stalking of big game never offered
such opportunities for patience, steadi
ness of nerve and thrill.
No service of the war has been
more daring than that on board these
decoy ships. None has meant more to
the allied cause, for in the long run
they proved to be the surest and
steadiest weapon of all the many that
fought the submarine to a standstill
and kept the mastery of the sea with
the surface fleets.
Patriotic Cuss Words
How the cuss words of our martial
heroes riug in the ears of their grace
ful countrymen! Colonel Whittlesey's
vehement ejaculation will go ringing
down the corridors with- Farragut's
"Damn the torpedoes go ahead!"
And there's the immortal message
sent by that gallant Bostonian, Gen
eral John M. Corse, answering the in
quiry as to whether he could hold
the fort at' Allatoona: "I've lost
cheekbone and an ear, but I can lick
all hell yet!" It curiously happened
that the most famous of the pious
hymns of Moody and Sankey were in
spired by this Allotoona incident.
An exchange remarks that while we
may be opposed to the government
ownership of the railroads, we are in
favor of government control of the
prices qf necessities. There has been
a good deal of fiction about that con
trol. We heard of it and perhaps
thought It wag being exercised.
The wires into Germany have been
cut. it is reported from American army I
headquarters, but it is believed there j
am some within Germany that arc I
still being pulled.
Among the New Year's resolutions)
that will be kept may be Confidently j
included that of the ex-kaiser not to
start any more wars. '
N
TABO LIST WITH
GAMBLING DEVICES
Madam Blank, whose card parties
have ranked as the social functions
of the Warren district; has been
placed on the same level as "Short
Card Sol" the pinch penny gambler
who never hesitated to run a cold
deck on his "customers," by tne pro
visions of an ordinance passed us an
emergency measure by the city coun
cil at its session last night. Taking
the new state anti-gambling law word
for word and adopting it as a city
ordinance, the council has placed local
affairs in a condition where spittin,:
at a crack for a nickle a side is a
misdemeanor, the minimum tine for
which is a fine of from $luu to $3ut
and imprisonment in the city jail'lo.
uot more than six months, or both
such fine and imprisonment. More
over, the man who allows the gaiuu
Ung game is equally as guilty as
though he participated, and punish
able by the same penalties.
The ordinance was brought up at
the council meeting at the suggestion
of Mayor Erickson. After being read
the first time it was read a second
and passed section by section, then
the whole was passed. Alter due pub
lication it becomes a law and anyone
violating its provisions is subject to
fine and imprisonment as specified.
Section one, after mentioning al
most every gambling game or device,
for the winnin? or losing of money
or its equivalent in trade or credit.
specifies that the man who conducts
or causes to be conducted ranks with
the man who participates or plays in
the game; both face the same penal
ties. The second provides that any
one permitting gambling on the prem
ises is subject to a similar fine.
It is under the third section that
the women of the district who are
fond of bridge whist or other games in
which prizes figure, will find their
fate written. It says:
"Section 3. Every person who sha.i
deal, carry on, or open, or cause to be
opened, or rwho shall conduct or who
shall participate in, either as owner,
proprietor, employe, or participant,
whether for hire or not, any banking
or percentage game whatsoever,
played with cards, dice, or any device,
or by the aid of any device, whether
the same be played for money, checks,
credits, or any other representative of
value or in which markers are used,
or in which anything of value changes
hands, within the city of Bisbee, Ari
zona, shall be guilty of a niisdemean
oi, and upon conviction thereof, shall
be punished by a fine of not less than
$100, nor more than $3o0, or by im
prisonment for not more thun six
months, or by both, such fine and im
prisonment." "Wait a minute; won't that mean
that any one playing in his own home
would be subject to fine and imprison
ment," asked Councilman Kosok.
"Certainly they will if they play for
money,' prizes, markers or any other
representative of value," replied City
Attorney Kyle.
The council wiibeut furthoi- hesi
tancy passed the ordinance.
STATE AUDITOR WILL
REFUSE HUNT DEMAND
iK,:vii.-w I'huvi.ix l;ui'cu'J
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 7. State Au
ditor Jesse Boycc announced today
that the salary demands of Gov. G. W.
P. Hunt and Attorney General Wil.iy
E. Jones, presented under the pro
visions of Chapter 61, Session Laws
of 1917, will not be paid until the
question of the legality and applica
tion of the measure has been passed
upon by the supreme court. These de
mands for back salary due them were
filed with the auditor Saturday by the
officials.
The warrants were presented in ac
cordance with the recent supreme
court decision (Yavapai county super
visors vs. Stephens) in which the con
stitutionality of thelegislative enact
ment was upheld. The case, however,
in th opinion of the auditor merely
establishes the iaet that the county
officials are entitled to the increased
salaries provided in the classification
law, and does not necessarily affect
the status of state officers.
Hold Up Warrants
In discussing the matter today,
Boyce stated emphatically that he
would not approve the demands pre
sented by the state executive and the
attorney general. Until the question
is settled by the supreme court or he
is mandamused by a court of compe
tent jurisdiction, the auditor will con
tinue to issue vouchers for the sala
ries as authorized under the law of
IS 12, as he has done in the past.
The classification measure also af
fects the salaries of all county judges
except those in Apache. Navajo, i'iiua,
Graham and Santa Cruz counties.
Claims for the full amount of the in
creased salaries have been submitted j
regularly in the past year and nino
months by the superior' court judges
aflected. but in ouch instance the
claims have been paid at the rate pre
vailing uuder the statute in torce prior
to the enactment of the new classifica
tion law.
Settlement Pending
A case whie'.i may settle this much
mooted difficulty is now pending in
the aupreim court. The suit (I-une
vs. Greenlee county) was instituted by
Superior Juilue K. 11. I-aim: of tliee:i
lee count v to determine the const ini-
tiolinlily i.f the measure. The rVcisi-M.. j
it is expected, will determine tin ap-:
plicHthm of tin- new l.ixv in the in ,
crease of salaries of slat.- olfieials.
It is the contention el the Mate au
ditor that ii is not i on-i it ill huial to in
crease the salary oi a elate olluial'
CARDPARTlESGOQ
elurir.3 the incumbent's term of of-:ic-.
Accordingly, he will resist the
prtssue which n:.s been broimlit to
le;.r in, an eifort to secure the pay
ment ofVhe claims. He indicated that
hj would welcome an action which
vou'.d clear up this point.
The claims of the governor for back
talary amounts to $2atH) a year, his
salary having been increased by the
law from $iouu to $6500. The increasa
in the case of the attorney general
was irom $25u0 to $4000 per annum.
The demand of the governor calls for
$4iH)0 and that of Joues for $2700.
The presentation of the claims at
this time is generally regarded as an
eleventh hour tffort to have them al
lowed and authorized before Gover
nor Hunt gave up office. It was
thought doubtful, even if the demands
were honored later, whether the ap
proval of Governor Campbell could be
secured without litigation.
Paving Comes Up
At Next Meeting
Although it had been anticipated
that seme phase of the paving of
Upper Main street. Brewery avenue,
Slag Dump hill and other city streets
would be broucht forward at last
night's council meeting, nothing of
ceiinite nature was broached save the
bare statement that the grades on
which paving ordinances would be
based would be ready between now
and the next regular meeting, to be
held January 21. At that time. City
Attorney Sam Kyle said he would
have an ordinance setting the grades
of the various streets, ready for the
consideration of the Council.
City Engineer Halleck and his as
sistants are working as rapidly as
possible to complete the survey, but
it will require approximately ten da's
before this can be done. Mr. Halleck
pointed out. to the councilmen the ex
treme importance of the ordinance as
upon it will be founded all ordinances
and proceedure, which must pass the
scrutiny of some of the. best lawyers
in the country before any bonds could
be sold.
The council assembled with all
members present. After reading of
bills anJ reports of department heads,
which were accepted and ordered
lileJ, Ddvil Playfair presented a claim
lor taxes collected on lots which had
been assessed doubly against him in
1917. He said he had made similar
application to the county board of
supervisors. After ascertaining that
the amount due him was approximate
ly $10. the council voted to make the
refund.
Following a discussion of the
garbage situation, in which it was
brought to light that the present
equipment not only is inadequate, but
liable at any time lo a serious break
down, which would cripple the serv-
l,'o it u uc Hn.frlul in u fl t-r,ir iuo fir '
. . V , ' L " " I . J V ...... V. ivr .... V I "
bids for a new garbage truck. A com
mittee composed of the city engineer,
mayor and chairman of the 1,'treet
committee was named to draw up
specifications aud advertise for a
truck fittel with a body suited to
garbage collection.
Ti:e council also decided to adver
tise for bids on a Ford truck fitted
with a special box body for U3e of its
water ai;d engineering departments.
The application of Frank H. Thomas
for appointment as interpreter for
the city courts, was tabled until the
next regular meeting on motion of
Councilman Jovanovich.
Coun ty Will Adopt
Orphaned Babies
The parents of four children, all of
them under 12 years of age, having
passed away at Johnson camp recent
ly. Miss Esther Cummings, in her ca
pacity of county probation officer,
leaves this morning for the mining
community to take them in charge
for Cochise county. They will be tak
en to Tucson and placed in the Ari
zona orphans' home until arrange
ments can be made for their adoption
by reliable people.
Miss Cummings said that the War
ren District Relief association had re
ceived many calls iaie;y for assist
ance, principally in' providing nurses
for lamilies stricken tvith influenza.
Her observation was that conditions
showed a marked improvement over a
few weeks before though there was
nothing to indicate that the epidemic
would die out for months.
.Miss Cummings said it was highly
desirable that any practical nurses in
the district should register with her,
so that they could be called ju in case
of need arising.
cousi and mm
QUICKLYRELIEVED
Dr. Kln'sNewDbcovcryucsi
cince ("rant was President
Ge; a bottle today
It diJ It for yot;r g-cr.i!m, for your j
father. Tor lifty yew t!:L well-known
couh anJ cold r?m.;Jy has kept aa !
cv-r-rov.i.-.g errt-.y of irLiid3, young j
and c!J.
F'-r lin!f a century druggists every
where have sol 1 it. Vv.t. a bottle in j
your iii:x!ii ine cabinet. You nr.y need
it in a Lurry. 1 1 by druggists
rvrrvwlicrc. of).: ami j
Qowch Acting fropcrly? ;
They ought to, for constipation i
mal:c3 t'ie Ixxly rct-in vnrtc nttrrs. j
and iu-pvritica th.it uirbrH:ie tc !
h-clth prA p!y havoc vith t? entire !
eyjtci:. i t. Kii c's ?'ti.' Lite i'.'.'.j ire
roh:i! !j aud wild ia c&. All j
Jruveiti. 25c
REVILW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
ittlE CALLED TO
PLAN EMPLOYMENT
A meeting of citizens, more particu
larly those who have been leaders in
the war work movement as represen
tatives of organizations such as the
Y. :I. i A.. Y. W. C. A., Knights of
Columbus, Hod Cross, etc., has been
call, d for this evening at 7:3t) o'clock
at the Y. M. C. A. building by J. C.
White, chairman of the community la
bor board, the object being to secure
the co-operation of the community in
arranging employment for returning
soldiers and sailors.
Attending the meeting will be Harry
A. Clark and F. M. Stocker, both of
Dougias Mr. Clark is a member of
the s'ate labor board, while Mr. Stock
er is a member of the Bisbee-Douglas
community labor board. Also in at
tendance will be W. .J. Wilbert. repre
senting the miners of the district on
the community labor board. :ind W.
R. Ashurst, 1 nitod States employment
agent. These men will be the speak
ers of the night, explaining in detail
the workings of the employment serv
ice and the urgent need for coopera
tion on the part of the community.
It is the hope of Mr. White and the
other members of the board that ev
ery employer of labor in the district
and in Douglas as well, can be per
suaded to schedule his wants through
the United States employment office,
which, in turn, will find competent
men for the positions offered.
Mr. White in making the announce
ment, urged as large an attendance as
possible, stating that this object is
one in which all citizens should be
interested.
Allison Starts Out
With 3 Weddings
Though other new justices of the
peace muy equal his record, few if any
in the state wili excel the first five
days of Judge "Jimmie" Allison since
he assumed the robes of office. As an
agent of Hymen he holds the palm
with three weddings in as many days.
It has been said that the judge stut
tered a little while tying the tirst knot,
but the second and third w.re per
formed in the workmanlike manner of
a veteran.
Charles Q. fchort and Miss Ada
Granby had the honor of being the
first couple married by the new jus
tice, the ceremony taking place Sun
day morning.
Miss Manuelita Valdez and William
Blackburn, the latter an old-timer in
Cochise county and recently a guard
at the state prison, were married Mon
day afternoon.
, The third wedding was performed
when a Douglas couple ai rived in
haste by automobile yesterday after
noon aud demanded the tying of the
knot. Their names could not I
learned last night.
Melcalf Not Dead;
Is Mine Employ e
A report that J. F. Metcalf had teen
killed in the state of Coahuila, Mex.,
ico, by Villa bandits received early ;
yesterday morning by The Review '
from Nacozari, was deuied last eve-'
ning when the following telegram was
received from the American Smelting
& Refining company at F.l I'aso:
"J. F. Metcalf is at Santa Barbaram,
Chihuahua, in our employ. Have no
news of any accident or injury to
him."
A letter to The Review from its ,
agent at Nacozari, saying that Mr:
Metcalf had not been receiving his
paper, sent to him at that place, and
it w as rumored in Nacozari he had ;
been killed by Vitlistas in Coahuila
became noisel about the streets. The
message from the A. S. & R. company
refuting the rumor doubtless will be'
received with pleasure by bis friends
in Warren district. j
ASSESSORS CONFER
I Review I'hmMiix lttll '-.lll)
PHOKN1X, Aril.. Jan. 7. Assessors
of the various counties of' the state in
their meeting today listened to stock
men and merchants of the state in ref
erence to lower valuations on stock
and merchandise. No action was
taken.
REVIEW WANT ADS
' BRING RESULTS
CENTRAL THE ATE
TODAY
Gertrude McCoy
in
"Traitors Within the Gates"
A photoplay revealing the machinations of the secret agents of Bolo Pasha. Also,
WILLIAM DUNCAN in Vitagiaph's Photoplay Serial 'A FIGHT FOR MILLIONS"
Episode No. 4 THE PRECIPICE OF HORROR" and FATTY ARBUCKLE, MABEL
NORMAN, and FORD STERUNG in "FOR BETTER OR WORSE"
If you like to laugn, see this comedy.
Children, 10c; Adults, 20c: Reserved Seats, 30c? This includes the Wsr Tax
ALLIED DELEGATES
DISCUSS OUTLINES OF
INTERNATIONAL PEACE
H'ontimi-! from f':iK" Ott-
influence of the various nations in the
league would be in accordance with
their size and importance. So that
the great powers and the small powers
vculd have voices according to their
standing.
To Foster Small Nations.
Another feature especially concern
ing small, undeveloped nations is to
be established, according to the Amer
ican plan a system of international
trusteeship whereby the various larger
rations having a developed and stable
civilization will act as trustees for
'he society of nations in fostering the
progress and development of unde
ve'opej communities.
It is recognized that the league of
nations will haye to have some estab
lished and permanent seat for its ex
tensive international work, and the
ctaJunl conviction is taking form that
this seat wiil be Versailles. The de
cision as to this, however, must be
the natural outgrowth of the peace
coherence.
iteports that the working organiza
tion mRht be located in Holland or
Belgium are declared to be incorrect,
as it is pointel out that the present
war went on despite The Hajtue con
ventions and the peace organizations
nt The Hague, Berne and other placej.
Conference Aid Congress.
Versailles, on the contrary, is felt
to embody the spirit of the present
movement for the restoration of peace
on an enduring basis and the creation
of a league of nations, and also to
have practical facilities which its
proximity to a large capital gives.
The present informal exchanges
wiil progressively develop into the
formal gathering of the inter-allied
conference, and that, in turn, to the
pejee empress, in which a number
of committees will be charged with
the various international subjects be
fore the congress. And out of these
successiv stages it is expected that a
iepge of nations will be embodied as
t tangible existing organization as
veil as a documentary treaty.
TI:e exchar.ge of views on the tenta
tive plan is permitting such mutual
accommodation on fundamental points
that it is expected that a public
statement will be made at an early
date, with the authorization of the
governments concerned, showing the
general character of the progress
made.
DENY KNOWLEDGE OF PLAN
.'By Ueviw leased Vi"
PARIS. Jan. 7. The American dele
gates to the peace congress have taken
note of the "American pan" for a
league cf nations as outlined by the
Paris edition of the Iaily Mail. It is
haid they have no knowledge of it
Leyond what thay have read. The
members of the commission declare
that it did not originate with them.
The American plan, it Is declared, is
r.ot yet definitely formulated and will
rot be until the president further ex
amines various tentative suggestions.
Including several from allied ogvern
ments. It is said in authoritative quarters
that the statement that the British
government has accepted the plan out
lined by the Daily Mail, is incorrect.
PEVISW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
lARRETT
Ever-Lastic Roofing
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock
Bisbee Lumber Co. inc.
EMIL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 25
Copper Queen Hotel and High-Pass Cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $1.00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
Continuous: 1 to 11 p. m.
ft. ; ' MALTED A
JftV'SUt MILK !U
A hurried lunch? Ask lor
Borden's Malted Milk-a
meal in All flavors
all fountains.
Iiuist Bordrn't tlwcys.
It 'i the improve J Malted MM.
THKJSIPUGYU1
MALTED MILK
EAGLES' CLUB
Every
Wednesday and Saturday
EAGLES' HALL
DANCING 8:30 P. M.
LONG'S ORCHESTRA
5
Everybody
DANCES
At Brophy Hall, Lowell
TONIGHT
Best of Music Finest Floor
in District
Dancing at 8: 1 5
ALL WELCOME
DANCE
Every Wednesday and
Thursday night.
Brcphy Hall, Lowell
Dancing Everybody
8:15 Invited
Music by Arion Orchestra
(Seven Pieces)
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
I
TODAY THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1919.
FTVfc
I
5
4
Mining and Financial News
BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
NEW YORK. Jan. 7. Uncertainty
characterized the early and inter
mediate portions of today's dull ses
sion on tie stock exchange, a partial
hardening of prices developing toward
the close.
There was again an utter lack of
public interest, rails and investment
shares, as a whole, giving way to
issues of the several speculative
groups, notably oils, food stocks, to
baccos and inactive equipments, such
as Harvester, hide and leather and
secondary motors. Some of the bet
ter known and .more desirable trans
portations were not quoted at all and
leaders in the transcontinental and
coal divisions appeared only occa
sionally on the ticker.
Typical of the market's unstable
character was the movement in Mexi
can Petroleum. That stock registered
an advance of 4 points during the
forenoon, but reacted an extreme of
8 points in the last hour. Sales,
3S5.000 shares.
Call loans ranged between 4Vfe aud
4 per cent, dropping later to 3, the
lowest rate thus far this year, but
time funds held firm.
Liberty bonds ruled at their recent Goldfiel'j
oest levels, dui me general uunu ., Hancock
ineludine internationals, was irregu-l ...
lar. Total sales, par value, $13,S75,
'000. Old United States bonds were
unchanged on call.
Marine pfd
llidvale
Mexican Petroleum
N. Y. C
Northern Pacific
Reading
Rubber
Republic Steel
Studebaker
Steel ,
Steel pfd
Southern Pacific
Sinclair Oil
Texas Oil
Union Pacific
IT. S. M
United Motors
BOSTON.
Adventure
Allouez
Alaska ,
Az. Coml
Butte
C. & A
C. & H
C. Range
Chino
i E. Butte
Granby
!G. Tan.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7. Cotton
closed barely steady at a net decline
of 25 to 65 points.
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7. Lead Un
changed. Spelter Easy; spot. East St. Louis
deliver' offered at J7.S0.
Indiana
Inspiration ... .
Kennecott
Keweenaw ... .
Lake
La Salle
Miami
Mohawk
Mayflower ... .
Nevada
Nip
S. Butte
Old Dom
Osceola
Pond Ck
Quincy
Ray Con
Shattuck
Superior Boston
St. Marys '..
Utah Copper . . .
Utah Con
Winona
CURBS.
A. & A
Ariz. Bing
Big Ledge
Butte & London ,
Cornelia :.
Con. Ariz
Con. Copper Mines
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICACO, Jan. 7. Sharp, fresh ad
vances in the corn market took place
todav owing to relative scarcity of ar
rivals, but the gains were partly off-j
set later by erroneous gossip tnai
permits would be issued for the im
portation of corn from 'Argentina.
Prices closed nervous. ac to 3c net
higher, with January Jl.47 and May
11.40 to I1.401.
Oats finished 'g to ri up and pro
visions off 2c to 50c.
Decided strength, which developed
in corn as soon as the market opened
was plainly due to the fact that the Coitden
crop movement continued to be muchjCresson
less liberal than had been expected, j Curtiss
Active demand from shorts quickly , Denn
forced values to a new high level for! Dundee
the season. Assertions, however, that I Emma
the war .trade board had ruled that Federal Oil
Argentine corn was now unrestricted ; Gadsden
and might be licensed freely brought! Green Monster
about a sharp reaction, which was in-' Grand Island
tensified by bearish domestic crop Globe Dom
estimates from a leading expert. Sub- Hull
sequently, however, the market rallied Howe Sound
somewhat on denials tiiat licenses for Iron Cap
Argentine imports had been approved J. . Verde
by the food administration. Explicit Magma Copper
word that no such licenses were con-1 Magma Chief
templated by the war trade board was Miami Con
not received until after the market j Mines of American
had closed. Okmulgee
Oats merely reflected the changes Porphyry
in corn.
Provisions were weak with hogs.
110
43 M
74
92-4
82
77 U
74 U
5114
93
114
100
34
185
12Stt
46
35
100
45
4
12
20
62
450
41
33
94
80
46
30
54
75
4674
32
95
4i
2
24
54
3
17
84
11
35
51
13
61
20
14
2Ti
41
71
100
11
5
IS
16 '4
6
n.
5
13
17
1
5
'-
3
SUPERVISORS WILL KOSE HOUSE GIVES
GIVE C00PERATI0NJ0HNS0N ADDITION
TO HIGHWAY PLANS FIRE PROTECTION
As a result of the appearance be
fore the board of supervisors in Tomb
stone on Monday of John J. Bowen
and Charles W. Allen, representing
the Warren District Commercial club,
the supervisors agreed to be repre
sented at the good roads meeting in
Phoenix. January 19 to 21. At that
time road questions of paramount im
portance to every community in Ari
zona will be brought up for discus
sion. Among other questions to be
thresheJ out at the state meeting .will
be the voting of a bond Issue to cover
improvement of a network of high
ways throughout the state, or to dp
the same work by raising money in
.i nt ii ... H .i f 111 i ii ii r- A tiiifli.ii mine.
tion will be the feasibility of obtain-j
ing government assistance in build-j
mg oi gooa roaus, on me pro raia
basis; in other words, whether it will
be possible to obtain from the federal
government a stipulated number of
dollars to be employed in road build
ing in Arizona, in view of the expendi
ture of certain sums by the state. A
third question of importance will be
to decide upon and recommend action
for maintenance of the main highway
arteries, either by the state or federal
government, instead of by the coun
ties as at present.
If possible, all of the supervisors
intend to attend this meeting they in
formed the Bisbee man. If that he
found impossible, at least one of their
number will be sent.
Johnson addition in the future is to
have better protection against fires,
according to Fire Chief F. W. Ritter.
The addition is being provided with a
hose house directly behind the Shat
tuck & Arizona Mining company of
fices and hose to be placed in it has
been received. Heretofore apparatus
had to he sent from Lowell before a
fire could be fought.
More interest is being taken in de
partment meetings and it is hoped.
Chief Ritter said, that a closer co
operation would soon form between
residents of the addition and the mem
bers of the department.
At present the department has 22
members and meetings are held on
Tuesday nights.
Cease Knitting!
Red Cross Order
LECTURE ON ATHENS
FOR Y. M. G. A.
Closing quotations January 7, 1919.
(L. J. Overlook, Broker)
NEW YORK.
Anaconda .
Amn. Car ,
Amn. Can.
Amn. Loco
Amn. Smelters 76 (
Amn. Sugar 112
Baldwin .
Beth. B. .
C. & O. .
C. F. & I.
Central Leather
Rax Hprr
lTom Reed ...
j Tuolbmne . . .
j U. Eastern . . .
' Verde Ex
Verde Combn.
60 V4 l Wol. Ariz
90 ! West End . . . -
4S Wright Martin
15
's
40
4V4
16
l-s
28 .
V
5
100
2
80
166
85
4
34-4
7i
2
1H
4 '4
"Cease knitting."
This order has gone out from Red
Cross headquarters to the 3S54 chap
ters of the organization.
As a result, thousands of women
who have turned out vast quantities
of sweaters, socks, mufflers, helmets
and wristlets for our soldiers and sail
ors will stack their needles. There is
a sufficient quantity in reserve at
Red Cross division and camp ware
houses to meet the needs of America's
fighting men in this country and
Europe, and those of the Red Cross
commissions engaged in civilian re
lief work abroad.
Knitted articles now in process of
construction are to be completed and
turned in to the local chapter by Feb
ruary 1.
No more yarn is to be issued to
workers.
More than lO.OuO.O'JO knitted articles
were turned out by Red Cress work
ers in the 17 months preceding the
signing of the armistice.
A lecture on the ancient and modern
city off Athens, was delivered at the
Y. M.'C. A. Sunday afternoon at 3
o'clock, by C. A. Melas, a chemist in
the employ of the Phelps Dodge cor
poration. The lecture was under the
auspices of the educational depart
ment of the Y.
Mr. Melas spoke of location of the
ancient city with, relation to the mod
ern Athens and the steps taken to ex
hume the ruins containing some of
the masterpieces of the world's art
and architecture. He described the
Acropolis and the height on the rocky
hill. In turn he took up for discus
sion the different temples which stood
on this eminence; the theaters of
Dionysus and Hyrodus Atticus; Socra
tes' prison and the Areopagus Thes
ium; the view from the Acropolis of
the mounts of Pentelico and Hymet
tus; Marathon and the mnrathon
race, the record for which, he said,
still stands unbroken; the architect
ural beauties of the pillars of the tem
ple of the Olympic Jupiter, the Stad
ium and the arch of Adrianus.
A religious touch was given the ail
dress by Mr. Melas describing in de
tail the necessary stages of travel ex
perienced by St. Paul on his journey
to Saloniki and Athens and his preach
ing the doctrine of the "Unknown
God" to the Greets.
OATMAN.
(By Collins & Bretherton.
74-- Argo i6
6m 'Adams 02
56 Arizona Rex
37 i Ariz-Tom R 02
60 , Big Jim Con 05
Crucible J 57 V6 I -Boundary Cone
Distillers 55 Gold Ore 03
Erie .
Goodrich
General Motors 129
Ind. Alcohol 105
Lackawanna 66
Jiurine 26
17 'Gold Road Bon.
6 Gold Cliff
Lucky Boy 04
Sunnyside 05
j Telluride 10
Tom Reed . : 164
.0
.1
.05 i
.06
.02
.04
.02
.15
.06
.06!
.13
1.66
j -
: i
"Like ComRakes?"
asks
Thearhynofcgetthefcest?
Better satisiactionforthe
same mciiey wKenyoubuy
1?
MO
L. .i
Small Blast Makes
Many Large Yarns
The report of a small amount of
dynamite or of a fulminate cap, ac
cording to divergent reports of those
who heard it. caused many exagger
ated rumors of an attempt to dyna
mite the oil and gasoline house Of
the Phelps Dodge Mercantile company,
situated a short distance south of
the Bisbee store and across the rail
road tracks from it. At least one ar
rest, that of a young Mexican, was
made in connection with the affair,
which now appears trivial.
One or two of those who were "ea
witnesses" to the explosion yesterday,
claimed that it was caused by dyna
mite. Others said it was a sharp ex
plosion, such as caused by a cap. No
evidence of a bomb or powder plant
could be found around the building.
The Mexican who was arrested by
traffice Officer Reese, was loitering
around the oil house shortly after the
explosion, and could give no satisfac
tory account of himself.
RED GROSS TO SELL
MAGAZINE MEMBERS
More subscriptions to the American
Red Croh.s magazine will be accepted
by. the Warren Mining chapter. Ad
vice from San Francisco to the local
chapter to increase the number of sub
scribers, was received yesterday after:
FRENCH ARMY'S
TREMENDOUS LOSS
noon by J. C. Ryan, chairman of the
Red Cross Christmas roll cull in this
district.
"A special appeal has just been re
ceived from Washington." says the
telegram, "to increase subscriptions to
the Red Cross magazine for 1919.. We
would appreciate your using your best
endeavors to comply with their re
quest and report as many subscrip
tions as possible by January In, giving
complete report at that time."
At the time the Red Cross roll call
was to have closed, this district was
advised that the drive for members
had been continued until January' 10.
The extension of time was made to
enable communities where influenza
epidemics had hindered work, to com
plete their campaigns. In the Warren
district the campaign has been quiet
ly continued, and will be pressed un
til next Friday.
Subscriptions either for the maga
zine or for the regular membership
will be received at the Warren Dis
trict Commercial club until January
10, when the campaign will be official
ly closed in the district.
You Saveonl
cooking and baking
with SA-VAN-EC. You save
the expense of eexs. using a tea
spoon of u-vn-ia
wherever whoie egg
is called for.
You save one-third
the shortening. You
save the waste of
imperfect results.
For SA-VAN-EQ is
always the same
uniform, dependable
quality. Made of
wholesome milk
and cereal. Try
6A-VAN.EC in bak
ing and cooking.
Many say it even im
proves the flavor. It's
a timely money saver
in these days of high
costs.
Buy SA-VAN-EC at
your grocer's. Every
25c package saves (L
I
PAY CASH-PAY LESS
PURE OLD FASHIONED
jUCKWHEAT
15c
BUCKWHEAT CAKES ARE SURE FINE
THESE COLD MORNINGS
ANGIUS
jKrHACMACO
PURE FOOxD GROCER
Phone 29
U. S. Focd Administration License No. G-16109 .
Richard Wagner, Who Composed Marvel
ous Operas, Tho He Could Play No
Instrument
was a lover of Canines. In every musi
cian's library, you'll find Wagnerian tales,
the pages of which are dog-eared! Wag
ner gave home to every stray pup, always
making known the truant's whereabouts
through an Ad in the Review Classified
Columns!
EAGLES INSTALL j
YEAR'S OFFICERS;
Officers to serve durina tho ensuing
year were installed by nist.ee Aerie
No. 17,"., Fraternal Order of Eagles,
at the regular meeting of the orderj
at 9 o'clock last night. J
The new officers art: J. F. Wil-!
moth, past worthy president; Edwin!
Ollerenshaw. worthy president; Frank)
I'ennock. worthy vice-prcsidrnt ; I. '
lilack. chaplain; F. C. Fondt rson. sec
retary: William Huckett, treasurer;
William Murray, inner miard; James
Smoot, outer guard: lr. ('. I.. Ed
mondson, aerie physician, and J. M.
l-amhert. trustee.
Three million soldiers of France,
about one-half her entire army, have
been killed or seriously wounded, ac
cording to Audre Tardie, French high
commissioner to the United States.
This enormous sacrifice for liberty is
larger than that of any other country.
America owes France a huge debt of
gratitude, not only for this, but also
for the discovery by her peasants of a
perfect remedy for stomach, liver and
intestinal ailments which is reported
to have alleviated incalculable suffer
ing, prevented many surgical opera
tions and saved thousands of lives the
world over. Geo. H. JIayr, for many
years leading Chicago chemist, im
ports the ingredients and sells this
remedy in America under the name of
Mayr's Wonderful Remedy. It is a
simple, harmless preparation that re
moves the catarrhal mucus from the
intestinal tract and allays the inflam
mation which causes practically ail
stomach, liver and intestinal ailments,
in'-luding appendicitis. One dose will
convince or money refunded.
Sold by Lowell Drug company and
druggists everywhere.
I nited Eastern 4 M"
Nellie t'S
United Western I'J
Red Lion .
OTHER CURBS.
tiailsdcn -7
Green Monster "7
Itutte London 11
IluiiJee L"0
Venture Hill -'
I'itts-Jeromo 1"
Jerome Verde 4$
Ark-Arizona 1
Jerome Portland
Ins-Neeillcs Oil
Hull Copper '
.Magma Chief
Wolv-Ari.ona ... .'. - ou
Verde Combination
1.43 ;
.03 j
i
4t;
.1S
1-1- I
.041
S
.r
.17j
.12
.4'H
MS
.S7
Miami Consolidated ..
Verde Squaw
Ka Copper .
XacoKHii Conwoliilalc I
Con. Cop. Mines
I'oi !'h l y
.02
.40
ti..".0
:,ti
YOUR OLD SHOES
Make Them Wear Like New
As Did This Canadian
Officer
A Canadian army officer. William
Pemberton. of the famous Princess Pat
KeRimcnt, told of the extraordinary
wear given him by a pair of army boots
twice repaired with Neolin Soles.
"Six months of trench warfare under
destructive conditions put the first
pair of Ne6lin Soles out of business.'
said Lieutenant Pemberton, "but ordi
nary soles would have gone to pieces
in much less time."
Don't throw away shoes that can bs
repaired. 1 lave them re-bottomed with
toutrh. durable Neolin Soles. Any
cobbler or repairman will do the work
for you. The price is no more than
for soles that give less wear. Remem
ber Neolin Soles are created by science
to be what soles slnmld be. They
are flexible and waterproof as well as
durable. They come on new shoes of
M styles. They are made by The
tloodyear Tire & Rubber Company,
Akron, Ohio, who also make Wingfoot
Heels euaranteed to outwear any
r'hcr heels.
llcolin vSoies
(The Arizona Corporation Commission does not recommend the s'oks. bonds or other seeuritU's offered
for saie by this, or any other company.) (ThU clause required by Commission on all stock advs. in Arizona.)
TO BUY
STOCK
AT
LASTCIANCE
1i KJt
CENTS
in the company that is MAKING GOOD. Only three mort days at Sc. January 1 1 th
you will have to pay 7c and, not later than February I st, price will be 1 0c per share.
WHY THE ADVANCE?
Because Home Oil Company is now drilling at depth of approximately I 200 feet.
Any minute now cur big 2Vi inch bit is very likely to penetrate the oil-bearing strata
that is known to exist in the Chino Valley, and then watch Home Oil Company stock go
to $5.00 per share, or even higher, over night.
SOME REAL FACTS
HOME OIL COMPANY HAS THE MOST COMPLETE, MODERN, STAND
ARD DRILLING EQUIPMENT THAT MONEY COULD BUY. HOME OIL COM
PANY IS DRILLING EVERY DAY. The discovery well in Chino Valley penetrated
oil sand, showing thickness of 1 1 0 feet and this sand carried high-grade paraffin base
oil. Improper handling of water in this well is the only reason whv Chino Valley is not
at this time one of the GREATEST OIL PRODUCING areas in the southwest.
Home Oil Company is-going to bring in the first prcducing oil well in the state of
Arizona.
We know the oil is there, and we are GOING DOWN EVERY DAY to get it.
Home Oil Company is offering best speculative OPPORTUNITY, RIGHT NOW
that has ever been presented TO YOU.
Home Oil Company's success does not entirely depend en Chir.o Valley. This
company has 1 60 acres of land in the HEART of the great Ranger Cil belt in Texas.
We are going to develop our Texas holdings.
Home Oil Company has 320 acres in the Holbrook field, which has been endorsed
by geologists of national reputation, and where four different companies are now drill
ing with standard equipment.
Can you beat this chance?
DRILLING IN CHINO VALLEY
LAND IN TEXAS
LAND IN HOLBROOK FIELD
And for Next Three Days Stock at 5c per Share.
GET IN NOW WITH THE COMPANY WHOSE HONCSTY O? ENDEAVOR
CANNOT BE CRITICISED. The company that is milking good. The company that
will use your money for honest and intelligent development of the resources of Ari
zona; Arizona is on the verge of GREAT OIL BOOM. GET !N BEFORE IT IS TOO
LATE. We accept 3 cash. Balance, 30 to 60 days.
HOME OIL COMPANY
PRESCOTT inciter Giacter Oil & Mines cf Arizonii ARIZONA
Bisbee Office: COPPER QUEEN HOTEL BLDG. Open Evenings Until 9 p.
I
1
t'al k Jerome 14
Feather RSer
.12'
4 im Mitt twi. L.d. 11. Of. SIX
THE BISEEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1919.
(Continued from P:icf Ont'l
flFRMAN PAin FTil? i CiTiioration of all railroad companies.
vim a rADTPinrr; Mml ,0,1,ro1 of rai,roa'1 s,cu,i,y
VILLA LAK 1 KlLUjtO j issues ami establishment of a federal
I wane board lo investigate waye and
employment disputes.
in the event of adoption by congress
of the policy of private ownership and
operation under overtiiuent regula
tion, the interstate commerce commis
sion proposed eight subjects for legis
lative consideration :
Kemoval of some of the present
limitations on united or co-operative
iiM:fu" iu:r i i i.u ui miiri lerni" nun- snfi'i- I s Mm , n- ii. orire' in nine 01 ; i.hi".iiimj.u"": ine ministry aiiuaiiy siuies caiinoi utpnve inr uimrr x ui
drods of (irr.'iisoles-; men. nvmen and ; v.ar, how could tlue detendan's e antedates the constitution adopted in , innerent ngnts.
children, when our country w as i extiricil just when they nu.-ht be 179. and that the business "has here-1 Third
swarming with spies and our factories ! violating th l.nv," sa'd A:;omey tofore been recognized, encouraged j stipulating that the amendment mu9t
and ammunition plains were bcinp i Cunnea. land protected by the United States j be ratified within seven years is nn-
lierper and the Attorney M. C. Coiliei.M lolloweu ; govenitnent usell." .rannuiuuuuai unause ciragre uia uu
in 1 1, is i-Hse ' for'the iie'feiis. aud said that the issue! It was also stated that there is on ! riKht. or precedent for limiting the
ine tojl'aptaiii Hoy, in charge of the were working day and night, making : involved made the tse one of his- hand about ljU.noo.iMnt gallons of whl9-1 time,
snle . nltlmnoli he hurt mi p:n-t figures. 1 uo.litl.n: unimi-hwa mid rirculat ine '. torical conseuueiue. He said the de-! ky and alcohol of a total value of! Fourth
tri'ascnahle literature," said Mr. Klem- M'emhtnts should he regarded by the: about ? i.iO.liun.Ouo. and that federal
jUK. ' Jury as officials of a political party 1 and state taxe3 of at least $'.000,000,-
Attorney Seymour Rtetlman niaJe who hud spread the principles of the I Ouo have been paid since the enact
the closing argument for the defense, party in time of war. Me said there ment of the internal revenue law of
earlier in the dav lie declared t lie i was no intention to violate any law. l.iG3.
lie pictured the socialists as politi-; The resolutions declared that car
cal martvr:; and made a plea for the tying out of the war-time prohibition
in appeal for the I protection of free spe.
lattef bank to Sommerfelds account.
Today's testimony dealt also with
loans to the German government
through New York financial houses,
some of which dealt with banks in
Germany, Cut. George H. Lester of
the military intelligence bureau, pro
duced evidence showing that the to
tal German loans negotiated from
early in 1915, when Albert began his
propaganda work, up utmost to the
time the United States entered the)
war, amounted to $.'t4.oro.iRin. covering
cargoes on ships sutik or captured by
the. British.
Source of Loans
1nre thnn 15 (lull IIIIII nf itio lnnna
vAfA made an I !nriii!in iivuuiiit nnlnQ I Compared V. ith
The action of congress !n
blown up. Victor L
activities among rail and water car-; i ir pi AWWCn
rieis- emanrln:ilif n nf railway ODera-i' LAl'i'tl'
tion from lmanciai uiotaiion; govern-1
merit regulation of security issues;
establishment of new relations be-!
tween fiderai and state authorities to,
cMminate the existing "twilight zone" I
of jurisdictions; restrictions uovern-I
ina the treatment of comnetitive as
non-competitive traf-a"" na'i-
He said horses sold between $'!5 and '
$75 and mules axeraged about $100,:
vhi"!i was for below cost. I
GENERAL STRIKE
TO HINDER U. S
; government Jiad failed to prove its
! case.
lie closed with
The provision that con
gress and the several states shall have
"concurrent power" to enforce the
: amendment by appropriate police pow
i er Is unconstitutional, because it
would make the violation of the fed
eral law a crime under the state law.
protection of the rights of free speech, press even in time of war.
h and a free , legislation and the proposed amend
ment would destroy the property in-
iCo!Uimi-l from lie On-)
land discourage recruiting in thearnly
fie; elficieni utilization and pooled
anu reumiauces iiom me neiciiesuuniv ' --' - .
but two of the loans were on fship- j tun-hast-s of cars and locomomes; ,
ments of cotton. According to the ue-' n,orf liberal a,,J common use of ter- j
- i t i .... ! min:tl far'ilitiVs - find li.nifat inrm with-!
?,na.sf. auona,H,.'K f . Jhi o, ...,.:,,;:,;. ,...,. ; as concluded today in the trial of the
.s.vuu,uihj w un cotton as security, anu ; - i
the Southern Products company was a
party to the loan.
: in which common carriers
! and service may be furnished by ship
1 pers or receivers of freight.
Another loan, it was said, was in the
Should Permit Mergers.
form of a credit for $1,800,000 from 1 Keenness ot wnat line oi policy is
the Equitable Trust company of New j followed by congress in determining
York to finance cotton shipments w ith I tDe future cf railroads, the commis
two German banks and Tidemann & j slo statements said there should be
Co. of Ft. Worth. Texas, as parties legislative provision for prompt mer
to the loan. The ship carrying the cot-1 Ppr' without friction of railroads ir.
ton was seized bv the British and the ! ,ime f ar or other emergency, also
cargo sold, the proceeds being trans-1 limited merger "to such extent as may
niitted back to the United States. j he necessary to the general public in
The cqmrninee today also heard terest" under government supervi
Caston li. Means o Concord. X. C. ' sion; limitation of railway construe
w ho at one time was employed by Cap-! tion to public necessity and enforce-
tain Boy-ed. former German naval at-1 ment of adequate construction w ithin
a Tree press and free assemoiage. j ;?t-imiii m-uu:.iu wmue- ytu
Attorney William A. Cunnea. who ! liver the closing argument lor the de-U 'Ile of American justice and of con
delietred the opening address for thelfense tomorrow morning and Assistant I st itutional guaranties."
defense, made a bitter attac k on j District Attorney Joseph li. Fleming ' It was further asserted that consti
Private rnold Schiller and other im- will dose for the government. itutional lawyers of eminence have
pnrtant wimessos for the government.! ! given their opinions that the proposed
alo assailed the methods used by! pRnt-IIRITinW RII I -iei.u? .inuus aim
iies:roys ine oasic rigms oi local sen
j government which are the cornerstone
Uipon which our constitution and the
charged with
VZ vL' w "".".r ' that the defendants had been no more
BERGER CASE TO JURV
V 'the government in preparing its case,
( HICAGO, Jan. 7. r uial arugment : . a .. . hn
made to coerce several witnesses forj
I the defense. The attorney asserted
five socialist
leaders,
violate
jury tomorrow morning, after Federal I
Judge Landis has given instructions,
on the law involved in the trial. i
Assistant District Attorney Joseph ;
B. Fleming, in closing arguments for l
the government, reviewed the -evi-
ginning of the European conflict than j
(t'oni!t::e. frum I'age On I
! . 1. . ' . . I . ... .1 .....lit Imi.i uttap.
he said the testimony show e:l ..' ' . V, 1. ' .
ances.
j It is said to be the plan to allow the
government to make the first move by ;
and upon the i
that President Wilson had confessed
ecution had clearly established the ' li,le should be drawn
Historical consequence.
defendants had conspired to violate ,
the espionage law. j
"When German submarines wvere States could not sav just how far free ment in plants and products of at least j
i
"If the president, of the United
prosecution thereof the liquor inter
ests will stage their fight.
500 Join Movement
The resolutions adopted today
stated that there are 500 distilleries in
the country with an aggregate invest-
emuient rests.'
IMseussion of the anti-liquor legis
lation by the distillers brought out
their position against the proposed
federal amendment as follows:
First: It violates Article X of the
constitution which provides that pow
ers not delegated to the United States
nor prohibited to the states are re
served to thi states respectively or to
the people.
Second: Under this article 36
GRIP, IIIFLUEHZA
Hamlla's Wizard Oil a RclteM,
Anttaeptio Prvfitlv
During influenza epidemic tpny
the nose and throat several timet
lay with one part Wizard Oil and
two parts water, using a atomixee.
If you haven't an atomizer, gargl
the throat nd snuS the mixture u
the nose. This treatment sets up aa
antiseptic wall of defease against
"Flu" germs.
Chest colds and sore throat lead
to grip. Stop them at once with
Wizard Oil before they can develop
into dangerous influenza.
Get it from druggists for 30c If
not satisfied, return the bottle and
get your money back.
Ever constipated or have sick head
ache? Just try Wizard Liver Whips,
pleasant little pick iils, JOc at drug
gists. Guaranteed
tache here. Sleans denied any disloy-: these limits; and development of in
ally to the United States. He said i lard waterways and their co-ordia-
he left Boy-ed"s employ in the fall of
1916, and that whenever he heard any
reports on German activities detrimen
tal to the United States he reported
them to the proper authorities.
At the request of Means the com
mittee went into executive session to
hear his testimony concerning the lo
cation of some papers of Boy-ed
which, he said, the government might
desire. After a two hour executive ses
sion. Chairman Overman announced
that the committee had concluded that
the papers were not important to the
present investigation.
tion with rail systems.
Director General McAdoo's ideas
for extension of government manage
ment until January' 1. 192-1. were em
bodied in bills introduced in the house
today by Chairman Sims of the inter
state commerce commission. These
propose increase of the . railroad ad
ministration's revolving fund by an
other half billion dollars.
WOULD PLACE CON
TROL IN REORGANIZED
INTERSTATE BOARD
(Continued from Tate One)
roads, but did not specify whether
this was to be the commission itseif
or seme other agency. The plan of
the railroad executives on the other
hand, proposes to give to the secre
tary of transportation broad powers to
co-ordinate and unify traffice over
various lines for the purpose of re
lieving congestion and expediting Uie
service; to order the transfer of cars
from one line to another where they
are most needed and to require the
j EXPLAIN ARMY UNREST t
F!v Review Leased Wire)
LONDON. Jan. 7, (Via Montreal.)
i The unrest recently manifested in the
i British army service units is explained
I today as largely due to the fact that
i the army service corps contains num
bers of long service infantrymen
transferred on account of wounds and
state of health, who claim their de
mobilization and argue that they are
penalized by transfer from the fight
ing units, as the army service corps
will be the last to be demobilized.
The unrest has spread to a number
of centers, but it is not considered as
warranting an alarmist view of the
situation.
It is considered certain that the pro
tests will have a beneficial result.
JOHN HANCE DEAD.
(By Review Leased Wire
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Jan. 7. John
sU6H
! Ill ll
IW i i WtiSft Tali I
rife
: i' i
m
A IM U A f- Y
A T W VT.AF kS
I. 1 ,5 4
5 6 T ft O CO II
Tli 13 M5 16 17 18
19 202l!l-2 151425
"AT1UARY IS An
inTERESTinG
iWOHT H HERE!
El
joint use of terminals by competing , Hance better know n as Captain ifS
lines.
To co-ordinate the agencies of gov-
Hance, familiar to almost every tour
ist who ever visited the Grand Canyon
ernment control, the railroad execu-; of tj,e Colorado, is dead at his home
tives propose to iransier to ine oe-i tjiere from a, paralvtic stroke. He
was 84 years old. Captain Hance,
who always claimed to have built the
first trail down into the canyon, has
for years been chief guide in the em
ploy of the railroad and hotel com
pany at the canyon.
partment of transportation the exe
cutive and administration functions
now held by the interstate commerce
commission: The commission would
remain the court of last resort as to
reasonableness and adequacy ef the
freight and passenger rates, but the
responsibility for rate regulation would
be divided between the secretary of
transportation, L'ie commission and
the new regional commissions repre
senting groups of states, reporting
their findings to the commission at
Washington.
Rate Hearings Provided.
The proposal of the railroad lead
ers is that rates filed by them with
the government shall be reviewed by
the secretary of transportation, who
may approve or disapprove them or
refer them to the commission. Any
rates made the subject of complaint
by the public could be brought before
the commission for review, regardless
of the cabinet officer's action. The
period for which rates might be sus
pended pending investigation would
be reduced from ten months, as at
present, to two months.
The railroad men's attitude is that
the interstate commerce commission's
efficiency would be increased through
relieving it of administrative detail
and the turning over to regional com
missions much routine involved in
hearing local rate cases.
Federal Control Provisions.
To make possible consolidation of
weak railroads with strong lines, joint
use of cars and facilities, inter-company
agreements as to rates and
practices, the railroad executives
would amend existing laws forbidding
these practices, and legalize them
under supervision of the secretary of
transportation."' Other' features of the
railroad propofl; include federal in-
NEGROES FIGHT POLICE
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 7. Three ne
groes, one a woman attired as a man,
were captured today by military po
lice, after an exchange of shots and
$1000 taken in the robbery of the
army bank in the cantonment was re
covered. The prisoners were identi
fied by bank officials as those who
held up the bank. One of the pris
oners was shot twice and Pvt. Henry
James, 76th Infantry, was wounded
seriously.
AOAMSON LEADS LABOR.
(By Review Leased Wlr)
LONDON, Jan. 7. William Adam
son has been elected chairman of the
parliamentary labor party for the com
iug session of the house of commons.
As his party will be the largest on the
opposition Fide of the house, Mr.
Adamson thus becomes the leader of
the opposition. John R. Clines, for
mer food minister, was elected vice-chairman.
AFTER SUFFERING
A WHOLE YEAR
Mrs. King Was Made Well by
Lydia E. Pinkham's Veg
etable Compound.
. Mr&IWf iMtuCW -y--- '
CORES OF WOMEN in response to our Sunday advertisement availed
themselves of the remarkably low prices being ottered m or Keady-
to-Wear departments! Monday was a banner day, but despite the heavy
selling, we still have an attractive selection. The low prices will be con
tinued as long as the assortment holds out, but you would do well to
come early and secure a satisfactory choice.
GREAT VICTORY
SALE '
Goats, Furs, Dresses
and Waists
Coats, $35.00 to $48.00, now.. $24.95
Coats, $50.00 to $65.00, now.. $37.50
Seal Sets Scarfs and Muff,
regular $65.00 and $75.00,
6pecial $29.9b
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN
DRESSES AND WAISTS
Sale Commencing Today. Will
Last One Week .
FRUITIAN'S
FASHION SHOP
Tailors for Men and Women
Phone 74 Main Street
Opposite Wells Fargo
wffm
IK
Iola, Kansas. " I was a constant suf
ferer from female trouble for about a
i r ' : ; 1 1 m il 1 1 1 1 H year. I had pains in
back and stomach,
in fact all over me,
andwas all rundown.
A friend of mine was
cured of the same
trouble by Lydia .
Pinkham's Vegeta
ble Compound. I
took it and it gave
me health and
strength and made
a new woman of me.
I cannot praise your
Vegetable Compound toohighly, and you
may publish my testimonial as it may
be the means of helping some other
suffering woman." Mrs. Irene King,
105 West Campbell Street, Iola, Kansas.
The great number of unsolicited tes
timonials on file at the Finkham Lab
oratory, many of which are from time
to time published by permission, are
proof of the value of Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, in the treatment
of female ills.
Every ailing woman in the United
States is cordially invited to write to
the Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co.
(confidential), Lynn, Mass., for special
advice. It is free, ready to bring you
health and may save your life.
Genuine Salts Plush Coats. $30.00 to $90.00 3 OFF
Women's Cloth Coats, $34.50 to $89.50 4 OFF
Women's Winter Dresses, $24.75 to $69.50 Va OFF
1 nff nn ChUron Winrpr nuk
VI 1 UU V11UUUU J MUltll VVUM
2
x There's plenty of cold weather still ahead, so any coat you buy
for your daughter now will come in for a full share o f wear,
have them in all sizes, 6 to 1 4 years.
We
$4.95, Special $2.50
$8.50, Special $4.25
$8.95, Special $4.50
$9.95, Special $4.95
$11.95, Special ..: $ 5.95
$17.50, Special $ 8.75
$21.50, Special $10.75
$24.50, Special $12.25
Women's Winter Suits. $27.50 to $125.00 2 OFF
Women's and Children's Furs. $13.50 to $69.50 3 OFF
Plush, Karami and Furette Stoles and Collarettes,
$8.95 to $29.50 Vx OFF
X Off 0N JS5 Winter Sweaters
If you can use one of these sweaters, you have the opportunity
to buy it at a decided bargain.
We have many sweaters in stock. They are all good grades and
good styles, but we do not want to carry them over to next season.
So to reduce the stock quickly Vi OFF. Sizes to 46.
i4 OFF WOMEN'S SWEATERS OFF
MILLINERY
Our Sale of HATS still continues
at LESS THAN HALF PRICE
$ 7.50. Special $ 5.75 $20.00,
$ 8.95. Special $ 6.70 $21.50.
$ 9.95. Special $ 7.45 $22.50.
$12.50, Special $ 9.25 $24.50.
$15.00. Special $11.25 $27.50,
$18.50. Special $14.00 $34.50.
Special $15.00
Special $16.00
Special $17.00
Special $18.50
Special $20.75
Special $26.00
14 OFF Children's Wool Sweaters OFF
$2.00. Special $1.75
$3.00. Special $2.25
$4.00, Special $3.00
$5.00, Special $3.25
$ 6.00. Special $ 4.50
$ 8.00, Special $ 6.00
$ 9.00. Special $ 6.75
$10.00. Special $ 7.50
3 '.
fit
1
I
-die. THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1919.
SEVEN
! i
v
DAILY REVIEW WAN7 ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate of 1 cent, per word each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents
Advertisements must reah The Review office not later than 8 ?. m. for insertion in next morning's paper
For Rent
FOR REXT Three furnished rooms.
28 Johnson avenue, Johnson addi
tion. 778
FOR REXT Room with private fam
ily. Warren. Inquire Warren Drug
company. "45
FOR REXT Three nicely furnisheo
rooms with all accommodations forj
housekeeping Montana street. No.
35, Johnson addition.
FOR REXT Three furnished rooms,
$21. -Apposite Gibson Hines Lum
ber company. 21 Curve street. 736
: : 1
FOR REXT Two housekeeping j
rooms. 64 Laundry hill. 734 I
FO:: RENT Four
. quality hill.
furnished
rooms.
740
Fd'.l REXT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. Xo. 26 Johnson ad
dition. 741
FOR REXT Two unfurnished rooms,
suitable for light housekeeping for
teacher, or couple. Three blocks
east of C. & A. office, 2dS Hazzard
street. Harry J. King, or Phone Xo.
1 Monday. 732
FOR REXT Four room house. Laun
dry hill, good location. Mrs. Bell.
Phone Blue 434. 748
FOR REXT Furnished heated rooms,
lady or gentleman. 14 Brooks apart-
merits, O. K. street.
775 ;
FOR REXT Three room furnished
.apartment, next door to Dr. Bledsoe,
Mounier apartments. ' ' 773 '
FOR REXT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 37 Laundry' hill,'
Metz stop. Apply for particulars
Nelson Marr, Brownlee house. Ma
son hilL 277
FOR REXT Xice quiet room for one
or two gentlemen,
nue.
76 Brewery ave-!
762
!
FOR REXT Three furnished house-!
keeping rooms, 23 Upper Lowell. In-1
quire 52 Upper Lowell. 6U4 i
FOR REXT Five room
- bath and furnished,
hill. "
house and '
237 School!
639
FOR RENT Two.
rooms, no children,
hill.
housekeeping ;
No. 3
Bauer j
703
FOR REXT Furnished room, one
block from ball park. Mrs. II. F.
My berg. Warren. c 341
FOR REXT Furnished room in pri
vate family.: No. 7 corner Curve and t
Oak streets.' . 708
FOR REXT One two-room apart
. ment, one two-room house, close in.
;.one Black 571. 709
1S REXT Four room house, furn
ished. 35 Idaho sareet. Johnson ad
dition. Call after 2 p. m. 711
FOR REXT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 14 Laundry hill, V.
G. Shearer.. 712
FOR REXT Two furnished rooms,
snitable for light housekeeping for
teacher, or couple. Three blocks east
of C. & A. office. 208 Hazzard
6treet, Harry J. King, or Phone Xo.
1 Monday. 244
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
for housekeeping. 195 Temby ave
nue. 278
FOR REXT Tuo furnished house
keeping rooms. 151-A Opera Drive.
634
FOR REXT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 102 Higigns hill. 633
FOR REXT Furnished
block from hall Park.
My berg.
room, one I
Mrs. H. F. j
241 !
FOR REXT Xice furnished apart-'
merits. Over Odom Motor company, j
on Xaco road, inquire at apartment j
Xo. 1. 608 I
FOR REXT Two housekeeping i FOR SALE Cheap, iny home, orch
rooms, opposite Loretto school. I ard, well, garage, lot 150x100, .by
Phone 700. 624 ' Garfield school. Tombstone canyon.
- j O. G.' Kirchner. 56S
FOR REXT Large office room, good !
location. Apply to M. C. High, real FOR SALE Furniture for five room
estate. Office, Allen block.
FOR KENT Pasture lor grazing cat
tie by mouth. Samuel Leiendecker,
Hereford, Ariz. 642
For Sale
FOR SALE 160 acres, good house
and outbuildings, plenty of water.
See owner, 110 Opera Drive corner
Broadway and Central tchool. 777
"OR SALE One four-room house
with baUi, two lots. Reasonable
terms. .Would take a good car and i
small cash payment on it. Call a't -
er siu'r p. in. riazzaru sireei.
Warren. 744
FOR SALE Ford touring car. A-i j
condition. Price $4-". Terms ar
ranged. Apply Ford garage, John
sou addition.' 747
FOR SALE Xi'w ('bickering Parlor'
Orand piano, terms. Aloo White'
rotary Ft wing machine. Second !
house past hospital, right side lioule-!
vard. Warren.. Kennedy. : 735 .
FOR SALE Wagon, strawling hack, j
D. 1'. Wo'i'en, CochiKe. 571
ViiM KAI.K fit! Tit A III-: For real
estate, late model five passenger'
i:nevroiei. j-,. iv Kims, ttoviumi
street. Warren. 742
1
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOAN'S On your per
sonal in te lo salaried men and wo
men, also on furniture. Cox Ijcan
company, Uoom 7, Spaiks Kline
building. 1CU
For Sale
FOR SALE To cash buyers only, gen
uine farm land, artesan water, shape
for immediate planting. 160 acres
land. Leave your home address.
Hox 1957, Bisbee. 776
FOR SALE Studebaker four." sev
en passenger, 1917 model, perfect
condition, looks like new. Call 17
Tombstone canyon, Lougblin ave
nue, or Phone 598. 749
FOR SALE One coal range.
Temby avenue, Balgay house.
153
701
FOR SALE Three rooms of furni
ture, house for rent. 57 Roberts
avenue, Mason hill. 705
FOR SALE Four room house furnish
ed. . 16 Upper Lowell. Box "B," Re
view. 706
FOR SALE Four room modern
house, 40x100 lot, near Bakerville
hoteL Box XX. Review. 706
FOR SALE Twelve room apartment
house. 163 Opera Drive, or Phone
Blue 711. 713
FOR SALE Studebaker 'four" sev
en passenger. Fine condition, al
ways driven by owner. E. II. Wick-
era, brown bungalow across subway
from Lincoln school. Phone Red
625.,
729
FOR SALE Five passenger Buick,
little six." See Shideler, on the jit-
ney service.
732
SPECIAL SALE On portable stand
lamps. Silk, mahogany and art glass
Eugene Stevens Electric Shop. 242
FOR,. SALE OR REXT Furnished
house, four rooms. Apply Dick
Johns, South Bisbee. 248
, FOR SALE One four room house
and .cabin ' furnished, beautiful
yard. Terms. Hogan & Seed. 247
FOR SALE Four room modern
house, screened-in porch and sleep
ing porch, good . well, large levl
ground with 20 fruit trees, chicken
yards and houses, garage and ware
house, located Tombstone canyon,
desirable location. See Gus Haigler,
the Main street real estate man.
. '- . 280
FOR SALE Late Ford, good condi-
tion, good buy for cash.
P. O.
Box
2138.
276
FOR SALE Seven room modern
house, with bath, sleeping porch,
large cement porches, two wells,
water system installed, for house
ami garden purposes, large level-lot,
garage for two cars, orchard of 60
fruit trees. This is a choice loca
tion In Toinbstone canyon, right on
the car line. For price and terms
see. Gus Haigler, the Main street
real estate man, opposite po3toffice.
- - -r - 279
FOR SALE Almost new kitchen cabi
net. Mrs. Grace Williams, Clawson
hill. ' 2S2
FOR SALE -r Thoroughbred Collie
pups.' Call Phone 376-R-l, between 7
a. m. and 4 p. m. 285
FOR SALE Cement house in War
ren. Nice location for home or in
come. Terms. Box. 1749, Bisbee. 635
FOR SALE Furniture for three
rooms. 67-B Moon canyon. Frank
Muukers. 638
FOR SALE Studebaker four, seven
passenger, good condition. Will
trade for lighter car; also have Over
land truck. Niels Larsen. fifth
house above car barn on Hazzard
street, Warren. 246
FOR SALE Wagon, strawling hack.
two horses 700 pounds, one horse
1100 pounds, two colts, one yearling.
D. F, Woqten, Cochise.
571
FOR ;SALE Marx rooming house,
Lowell. Inquire upstairs. Cash
proposition. Daniel O'Neill, proprie
' tor. 607
house with privilege of renting the
house. -Call 126 Art hill, near Laun
dry hill. 564
FOR SALE Four room house partly
furnished. Player piano, standard
make, and garage. Inquire M. L.
Brown,.' or Joe Western, South Bis
bee. 570
FOR'SALE Furniture.
Jones hill.
Treen house,
5S0
FOR SALE Fixtures 21 room board
' ing-house. Concrete block 44 Jig
gerville. 547
jr - oR SALE
Furniture for two rooms.
Inquire A. B. Walker, 97-B Chihua
hua hill, above Bugen grocery store.
Xaco road. ?
FOR SALE The Pressure cooker
Phone 731 for cookers or demonstra
tion. Bisbee Mattress Works. 54S
FOR SALE Five room furnished
house. For particulars inquire 101
upper Lowell. 439
tuli SALE Upright piano, ttaudard
make, nearly new, part on time. Ad
dress, P. O. P.ox (i6. Warren. 600
FOR SALE bunuies of old papers at
uie Review office
, t Oil HALL- Player piano, oak case.
; nearly new. at a bargain, easy pay
I inenta. A. 7.. Megedc, jewelei, Lo-
j
FOR SALE-Uncalled for suits.
Levin. Lowell. Ariz.
M.
597
KOK' SAI.'J Bundles o: old papers at
the ftivicw office. Large bundles,
price 20c.
Wanted
WANTED Cash for Liberty bonds.
Cash for receipts for bonds. Room
1, Bisbee hotel, over French cafe.
743
WANTED Rabbits, one male and two
does. Belgian hares or New Zea
land Reds. Good stock only con
sidered. Phone 670, Bisbee. 750
Arizona
WANTED To buy. United
i n i 7
WANTED Small cook stove or coal
range. Phone Green 840. 714
WANTED Three or four room furn-
ished house or apartment in War-
ren. References exchanged. S., care ;
Review. 250'
W ANTED 'To rent, a three to five
room turnisnea cottage. 11. care
Review.
WANTED Sewing. Will go and sew
hv rfnv altm will nnrA fnr child run
and help with housework.
Black 512.
Phone
572
Male Help Wanted
WANTED First
Apply Electric
street.
class
Shoe
shoemaker.
Shop, Main
710
WANTED General ranch hand, $40 j
and board. K. E. Silvey, R. F. D. 1.'
Box 77, McNeal, Ariz. 707 i
1
W ANTED All around tailor. Allen j
building, Bisbee, Ariz. Phillip Doff-;dea
m&
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Woman to do general
housework. Chris Calvlrd, Wood
canyon. 700
Positions Wanted
WANTED Capable young woman '
wants day work, cooking and serr-1
ing a specialty. Are you giving a din-
nerT Lel me neip you. .Mrs. J. -M.
neuuey. rnuu mue hi. oi ,
WANTED Position by experienced i ra"'c '." " '"'T..
stenographer, good references. R. S.. ! 8011 mlsht or could do'
Review. 697 ! ARTICLE IV.
' j The amount of the authorized cap-
WANTED Position as cook or maid. , ltai stock of this corporation is ninety
Mittie Russell, General Delivery, j thousand dollars (liU.OOO.OO), divided
Bisuee 6:,8jinto ninety thousand (90,000) shares
WANTED Temporary or permanent
employment by capable steno
grapher. Box J. S., Review. 640
For Exchange
FOR EXCHANGE Good bungalow
equity of about $1200 in Loa,Angeles.
Want rooming house or real estate.
What have you? Would assume.
Address Owner, 11S.S. Townsend
. street, Los Angeles,. Qali. . '256
TO TRADE For car. east El Paso ;
lots. Apply Black 730. 695 '
' I
fnii
.
LOST Ring of key., between Quality!
hill and postoffice. Phone 11. 739
: !
LOST Two black and tan female
hounds. Dogs lost in hills back of Corporation Commissioner of Ari
Warren. $10 reward for recovery t zona, and a certified copy thereof re
am! return to city police station, or corded in the office or the County
Oscar Gilman, at Junction mine. 774 Recorder of saij Cochise County, and
- ('trtifi'-att of fnrnrnnratinn Hellv.
LOST Bunch of keys, lock and short
chain, on road approaching Briggs
shaft from South Bisbee. Finder
please notify Phone 689, of Box 665.
Warren. Reward. 252
MisceDaneous
MAKE $50 A WEEK EASY Write
for particulars. Apply Box A Z, Re
view. 731
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
From $2 up. All corsets carefully
fitted. Inca Warburton, next Ari
zona Grocery store, upper Main. 433
PIANO LESSON'S Mrs. B. S. Powell,
Ash apartments, 128 Opera Drive.
677
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. School. Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses, directors from among tnemselves im
Train for service. 268 mediately after the election of such
SCECOXD HAND CLOTHES Bought. !
Phone 739, City Dye Works. 604
BUNDLES OF OLD PAPERS At the
Review office. Large bundles, price
25c.
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION.
Slate of Arizona, office of the Arizona
Corporation Commission, United
States of America, State of Arizona
ss. The Arizona Corporation Com-
mission does hereby certify that the
annexed is a true and complete
transcript of the Articles of lncorp-
oration of the Dividend Fault Min-,
ing Company, which were filed in
the office of said Arizona Corpora-j
tion Commission on the 11th Jay of
November. A. D. 1918, at 10 o'clock
a. m.. as provided by law. j thr sum of fifty . thousand dollars
ln testimony whereof. The Arizona ' ($."li.'n. 00.)
Corporation Commission, by its ( hair-1 ARTICLE Vlii.
man, has hereunto set its hand and' The private property of C.e stork-j
affixed its official seal. D.ie.e i,t the holdvrs rind of Heirs or this corpora-!
city of Phoenix, the Capitol, this l.lth lion shall t:e cvmM from the rorpo
dav of November. A. 1. 191S. j rale debts an I liabilities o; Itns corpo-!
ARIZONA CORP(:AT10X 'Hi U M IS- ration.
SIOX, T. A. JONES, ! IN WITNESS WHEREOF. We have'
Chairman, 'hereunto set our bands and seal-' this
Attest: Margaret Aeplis.
SEAL) At tmg Seer' t;i ry.
Articles of Incorporation of the Divi
dend Fault Mining Company.
Know All Man by Tl Presents: '
That we. the undersi ;r,ed. It A.
Itrel iiertou. John .McGregor anil Pre I
Sutter, all residing in t'ie Cii of l'.iv
liee. Cochise Count y. State n Ariz'in ;,
liliil whose postolfice aildre -s'-.; r.re
I Hhee, Arizonn. have associated our
selves and do hereby nsviL-lai o'ir
selves lor the purpose fniiiim.- a
corporation iniik-r the laws of the
I State of Arizona, and do hereby adopt
the following Artitles of Incorpora
tion : I
ARTICLE I.
T'.tc name of this corporation shall
Le a:K is, The Div'idena Fault Mining!
Company.
J ARTICLE II.
j The names of the incorporators are
R. A. Bretherton. John McGregor, and
Fied Sutter: and the principal place
of transacting the business of this
corporation shall be in the City of
Bisbee, said County and State, with
such oilier branch offices as may be
authorized by the board of directors.
ARTICLE III.
The general nature of the business
Proposed to be carried on and trans-
l acted oy mis corporation is anu snuu
' be as follows,
to-wit:
ta) To acquire by purchase, grant,
: concession, location, or any other
! lawful means, mines, mining claims,
land mining rights; water rights, water
ditches, power plants, and pipe lines;
and real estate and personal property
of every nature and description.
(b) To construct and operate tele-
graph and telephone lines; to con-
struct an operate railroads neces-
. sarv in tne OIieration of mines, mills.
; rarTurtinn nlnnta and smpltprd nu'np.i
fd operated by this corporation ; and
I ui.uuunu.o o.tu . cclu .t.ij
and to use and sell the same;
(c) To transact a general mining,
milling, reducing, and smelting busi
ness; to build, construct, maintain,
and operate smelters, mills, and re
duction plants for the purpose of
smelting, milling, and reducing ores
and minerals in the prosecution of Its
saij business, including the building
cf waterworks, canals, reservoirs, pipe
lines, roads, and tramways;
(d) To sell, lease, mortgage, and
hypothecate real and personal prop-
mv of every kind: and. generally, to
ln real estate and personal prop-
! erty of every nature and description;
(e) To acquire, purchase, sell, trans
fer, assign and hypothecate the
stocks, bonds and securities of corpo
rations and, especially, the stocks,
bonds and securities of this corpora
tion; and to lend money and to bor
row money;
(f) To issue its own notes, bonds,
and obligations of every kind and de
scription; (g) To transact a general mining.
manufacturing, and mercantile busi
Inpsa. aA .nenaf in Men- Unrt nf
business not Drohibited by law
the
of the par value of one dollar lil.OO)
: each; and the time when and the con-
ditions upon which the said capital
I stock is to be paU for shall be as
prescribed by the board of directors
i of this corporation; provided that
i stock of this corporation may be
! issued in payment for property, prop
; erty rights or privileges, or services,
and the judgment of the directors as
i to the value thereat, in the absence
; of fraud, shall be conclusive; and pro
vided further, that the directors maj
authorize tne sale of tne capital stock
for less tha Par when in their opinion
the Interest of the- corporation de-
mands such action-
ARTICLE V.
The time of the commencement of
this corporation will be as soon as
these articles of incorporation arc
filed for record in the office of the
,.H it h tw rwti,, r-m.
mission; and it shall continue for a
period of twenty-five (25) years there
after. ARTICLE VI.
The affairs of this corporation shall
Be conducted by a board of not less
than three (."!) nor more than five (5)
directors, who shallJuj elected by the
stockholders at their annual meeting
which shall lie held on the second
Wednesday in January of each year.
The directors of this corporation,
until the lirst annual meeting of the
stockholders and until their succes
sors are elected and have qualified,
shall be and are, R. A. Bretherton,
John McGregor and- Fred Sutter.
The officers of this corporation
shall be, a President, a Vice-President,
a Secretary, ;and a Treasurer,
who shall be elected by the board of
l uirt-ii'.i eacn year. i ne oinces OI
Secretary and Treasurer may be held
by one and the same person
The directors and officers of this
corporation shall hold office for one
year next ensuing their election and
until their successors are elected and1
have qualiliej. I
The officers of this corixration.
until the first annual meeting of tbej
stockholders and until their succes-
sors ure elected and have qualified,!
shall be and are as follows: John'
M. McGregor. President; II. A. I!rth-
rrton. Vice-President; Fred Sutter,'
Secretary and Treasurer. j
ARTICLE VII.
The highest amount of indebtedness'
or liability to which this corporation
rs at any time to subject itself to, is
Itli day or November. A. I). 191S.
I!. A. BltETIIEKTOX.
JOHN MrGREGOIl,
I KED SI TTER.
STATE )!-' ARIZONA.
(Viinty of Cochise - ;s:
i !eii re inc. .Ii.lni W. Hogan. a Notary
i'ul.lf'c i t ; ror ;!ie County of o
chiie. .--t 't - ol ..-lzon;i. on .this day
1 t i sonally :iiii :ire " 1!. ,. Prctlicr
ii.n. John .Mi (lienor and Fred Sutter.
kn-'V ;: to me ! be ':e person whose
ii. iie-. ale H'iliMTiln il to llic lore',oitig
in; ! i iiiuen! , and ea' ii ol said persons
ENGLISH WOMEN AID
IN MAKING FEATURE
To induce the first women of Great
I Britain to do menial duties, such as
; scrubbing floors, washing windows.
and mopping walks, for motion picture
reproduction, was one of the tasks
that devolved upon David W. Griffith
while producing "The Great Love,"
for Artiraft, which is to be presented
at the Grand Hieater next Friday, Sat
uruay and Sunday.
Chief among these women were
Lady Diana .Manners, the most bt.auli
titul woman in England, Elizabeth As
quith and many others, who are called
upon to perform menial tasks in tbe
course of their duties u beirilf el
the war relief. Red Cross and the war
activities.
In making 'The Great Love" the
first of his new series for Artcraft, Mr.
Grififth received the help and encour
agement of Queen Alexandra and
many of the leaders of social activi
ties of London. The various roles are
in the hands of notable screen play
ers including Robert Harron, Henry
Walthall and Lillian Gish.
KNIFE CARRYING BRINGS
FINE TO MEXICAN HERE
Because, as he said, he was airaid
to go about the streets late at night
in order to get medicine for his wife,
who was sick, and therefore stuck a
dirk knife in his pocket to protect
himself with in case he was attacked,
Francisco Coronado, a Mexican, es
caped with a fine of $15 and the loss
of his knife, confiscated by the city.
Coronado had been arrested by city
police late Sunday night with a
wicked looking spring back dirk in his
pocket. Judge Hogan read him a les
son upon bis alleged timidity and the
folly of trying to bolster up his cour
age by breaking the law. Coronado
paid the fine.
Ygna,cio Jimenez, who was with Co
ronado at the time of his arrest and
was charged with drunkenness, enter
ed a plea of not guilty.
FIRE AT COLORADO SPRINGS
(Rjr Review Leased Whi)
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Jan. 6.
Fire tonight destroyed the Lucas
sporting goods store and the Elite
laundry in the center of the business
district. The loss is estimated at $50,
000. Virtually all of the members
of the fire department now on strike
for higher wages volunteered their
services and assisted the present fire
men, recruited by Mayor Thomas to
fill tlie4r places, in preventing the
spread of the flames.
GLAD TOTESTIFY
Says Watoga Lady, "As To Wlal
Cardui Has Done For Me, So
As To Help Otiers."
Vatoga,W. Va. Mrs. S. W. Gladwell,
of this town, says: "When about 15 years
of age, 1 suffered greatly . . . Sometimes
would go a month or two, and I had
terrible treadache, backache, and bearing
down pains, and would just drag and
had no appetite. Then ... it would last
. . . two weeks, and was so weakening,
ind my health was awful.
My mother bought me a bottle ol
Cardui, and I began to improve after
taking the first bottle, so kept it up till I
took three ... I gained, and was well
ini strong, and I owe it all to Cardui.
1 am married now and have 3 children
. . . Have never had to have a doctor for
female trouble, and just resort to Cardui
if I need a tonic. I am glad to testify to
what it has done for me, so as to help
others."
If you are nervous or weak, have head
aches, backaches, or any of the other
lilments so common to women, why not
live Cardui a trial? Recommended by
many physicians. In use over 40 years.
Begin taking Cardui today. It may
be tire very medicine you need.
NC-13f
DR. EDWARD COLMAN
Chiropractor and Osteopath
NERVOUSNESS AND RHEUMA
TISM A SPECIALTY
Office in Johnson Block, opposite
Johnson Add. Car Stop.
Mrs. Jones Ishen
VOICE BUILDING. TONE PRO
DUCTION and the ART OF SING
ING, i'rr.m the beginning to the
highest infection. Froe voice trial.
Phone Green 721 4 for appointment.
st:ittt I ;:'mI ai -kiu -witnlgcJ t me that
thi y CM-i' tte i the same fur the pur
pesei i.iil r :iiidcutioii therein cx
prrssed.' Oive. i under my hand and seal of
oftiie thi., :: rt.iy of November. 191$.
(SE.M .1 JOHN w. iior.AN.
Notary Public in and lor the County
ol Cot-Ms:'. Stale of Arizona. j
.Mv i eti.r.ti ii n t-NpiiM's .ilarth !'th,
19:'"".
Filed in the olliie of the Aii.on.ij
(' rpor.itii n i 'i tnmlssion this lltli il.iy
ol No.ia.tnr. I . P.H'i. at 10;ihi a.,
in., at request of Pre 1 1 Sutler, whose
m stoilicc luldii is llislnc. Arizona.
AlilU.NV CORPORATION COMMIS
SION ll I". A. l lies. ( lllel Clelk j
First publication. Jamiai) 191V '
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fratcrnat order :n the Warren District; giving the es
sential facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of
gathering will be found under their respective headings ln these columns.
BISBEt LODGE NO. 718. I KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
L. O. O. M. j - Rathbone Lodge No. u
MeeU every Friday & Knight of Pythia
fK'-''fC.'h n,8nt Moose Hall &N-vVv meets each Tuesday
it? -"''' ViBitlng brothers cor- Tj're' (except second) in Oda
SisjK dlally invited. p'if Fellows' Hail at 7:9
L Gi. P' - Vising brother.
fjr cordially Invited
meets ever;
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows Hall
Subway street, at 7:3d o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially invited to attend.
Hail pnoiie 119.
; A. PLUNK ETT, N. G.
LESTER EUSTACE, Sec'v
f THIAN SISTERS
Lily 'temple No. 3 meet every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellow HaJ Visiting
sisters are cordially inviteu.
MINNIE EL I'M. M. E. C
Phone Black Sol.
(DA GLAZE. M. of R, C.
3ox 147a
FRATERNAL ORDER
OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175, F. O.
E., meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, S p. m..
Eagles' Hall.
Visitors cor
dlally wel
come. J. F. WILMOTH. Presdnt.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
L. EDMUNDSON. Aerte Physician.
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I, Homestead 89a, meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medigo
vich ball. Visiting Archers are cor
dially invited.
F. W. TURNER, Foreman.
Phone Black 463
P. O. Box 931, Warren.
2. D. STINSON.
Correspondent, Box 1496.
WEEK ENDING JANUARY 4, ll19
Montfey 2nd Degree.
'
Thursday Blue Regular
Saturday 1st Degree.
Saturday
THOMAS HARGIS. W. M.
B. T. WAT KINS, Secy F. A. M.
W. R. BANKS. E. H. P.
N. C. BLEDSOE. T. I. M.
J. L. POWELL. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LOYAL OBANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADNAUGHT
L. O. L. NO. 210.
meets In t. O.
O. F. Hall lirst
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
Visiting broth
ers cordially
Invited to at
tend. WM. T. SMITHAX. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS, Secretary
P. O. Pox 426. Bisbee
CITY DYE WORKS
Cleaning & Pressing
Phone 739.
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds. Jewelry, Etc.
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
Chicken Feed
Wood, Coal and Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED COMP'Y
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
C H. HOGAN
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
C 1. HOGAN
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
vVOOTON. C. (J
Mel ALLUM. K. ot H
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalter Ruler
C. W. HICKS, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m., Finnish hall.
D. C. SAX BY. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS, Clerk.
All Woodmen invited.
OROER OF EASTERN STAR
meets In Masonic hall
Pearl Chapter. No. 6. meet
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of ea'cb
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43. Bisbe
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Sec'y. P. O
Box 2299. Chairman Relief Com
Phone 161.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets ln L O O F
Call First and Third
Saturdays. V I s 1 1 h,
brothers welcome.
J. L. BEXTOX. Councillor.
P. L. WOODMAX. Jr.. Rec. Secy.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
Bisbee Lodge No
452 meets the 1st
and 3rd Monday
of each month at
7:30 at Medigo
vicu Hall. Vn,t
lug membeis cordially invited
B. F. MOSS. President.
MRS. CVE. FIXOTTI. Treasurer
Box T23. Tel. 236. Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
Bisbee Camn No. 134U
a2K5v Meets 1st Saturday
iieuigovicn Hall.
L U MOTZ. Consui
J. F. MATHEWSON
Clerk.
! HENNESSY
j Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
O K ST.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respcctfulry Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 58
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE"
' A. OWERS. Mgr., Bakerville
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE &-.COAL CO.
Warehouse A QS1 Opposite Depnt
PHONES' 640 Vnd 50.
COLLINS &
J
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND
O ATM AN
STOCKS
Jck Bia'i;., Main Strerl
Phone 26 Box 1129
H
W
A.
I EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8. 1919.
CITY BRIEFS
Has any one visited you? Or have
you entertaineJ? If so, call The
Review Society EJitoi lilack 6S1.
day nfcht. A revolver, a rifle and
few ariiiies of clothing were taken
Kntrawe was made through the front
door. No arrest has been made in
connection with the case.
RESUMES OLD POSITION.
K. B. Rider has resumed his posi
tion on the engineering staff of th
OVER FROM NACO. Copper Queen branch of the Phelp
Ate i i.mixr nf Acn waa in . Dod::e company, following his di
the city yesterday on business. j charge from the army.
IS VERY ILL. ! M DONALD IS BETTER.
Mrs. George Schweinlein is very ill . C. A. McDonald, cashier of the Citi-
at her home at 1S5 Tombstone can- zens Hank & Trust company, who has
yon. been confined to his home by illness,
; was uu!e yesterday to be about the
HOLD THEIR MEETING.
Arizona Court No. 1. Order of the
streets and at his desk.
Amaranth, met in regular session last i BACK IN CITY. -
night. i Charlie Webster, who was a jailer
i at the county jail In Tombstone dur-
MESSAGE FOR BAMBAS. ' ing the administration of Sheriffs
There is a message at the Red Cross Wheeler and Welch, has arrived in
office in the Library building for Risbee to resume his residence.
Julius Bambas.' .
. : RECOVERS FROM ILLNESS.
BACK FROM CALIFORNIA. vri,.:id.s of Mrs. G. I!. Jackson of
W. C. Reed has returned from Cali-; 0 K street will be pleased to learn
fornia, where he spent the holidays j j,0P re00Very from pneumonia
Tisiting his family. , which followed an attack of influenza
Mrs. Jackson was il! two weeks.
GOES TO CANkNEA.
Moses Seebey. has pone to Cananea;WLL meet TODAY.
where he has a position with the Four . Tne executive committee of the
C Mining company. I Warren district chapter of the Ameri-
" ; can Red Cross society will meet this
BACK FROM PHOENIX. j afternoon at the Y. M. C. A. building.
L. A. Brown has returned from j a cai ilavin.s been, issued to the mem-
Phoenix where he sper.t some time ,)(?rs
on his cotton plantation. j
OVER FROM TOMBSTONE.
Allen R. English, a well known at
torney, was in the city yesterday from
Tombstone on business.
VISITOR FROM OSBORNE. J
Mrs. A. M. Collins of near Osborne i
ROOM IS OPEN.
The Red Cross room at the Garfield
school will be open to workers Wed
nesday and Thursday. ' One of the
Red Cross women will be jn charge
each !ay. Everyone is invited to come
and help.
)
Is in the district on a shopping tour, j PANCHO VERY HAPPY.
She arrived yesterday morning. j Born to Mr. and .Mrs. Francisco
' ! Araiza, early yesterday, a seven and a
RETURNS TO NAVY. j half pound son. Mr. Araiza is an em-
Joyce Ralph, who has been here .on ploye of the Ore. He and his wife are
furlough, returned yesterday to Mare ! among the most popular members of
Island, Calif., to resume his studies in the local Mexican colony.
the electricians' school.
I
RECOVERING FROM INFLUENZA.
Miss Margaret Butler, daughter o:
Mrs. Bertha Butler in Lowell, is recov
ering from a slight attack of influenza.
IS ILL AT HER HOME.
Miss Trilla Haines is suffering with
a slight attack of influenza at her
home in the Muhine building, in John
son addition.
CATTLEMAN'S WIFE HERE.
Mrs. J. Tuck Potter, wife of a well
known catleman in the valley arrived
in the district yesterday afternoon
for a short visit.
RETURNS TO TOMBSTONE.
Harry Rafferty, deputy sheriff of
Tombstone, returned home yesterday
afternoon after a two-Say visit in the
district.
NOW IN GERMANY.
A letter received by Representative
W. J. Delbridge from his son, who is
in Germany with the American army
of occupation, said that he was well
and enjoying the novel experience of
being in former enemy territory.
CIVIL CASE SETTLED.
A judnieiit for the defendant was
awarded in Judse J. L. Winters court
yesterday in the case of George Balen
vs. Peter Padonich. The suit was
filed for the purpose of recovering a
debt which plaintiff alleged was due
him.
velt. who had numerous sincere ad
mirers in the Warren district, a num
ber of flags were flown at half-mast
yesterday. -This 'was true particular
ly in Warren, where the observance
was universal wherever flags were displayed.
engineers. In his letter he expressed
his intention of returning to Lowell
and resuming his position with the
railroad company.
LEAVES HOSPITAL.
Louie Franks, miner in the Lowell
district, has been released from the
Calumet & Arizona Mining company
hospital where he has been confined
since Christmas eve. suffering from
two crushed ribs, broken when a ma
chine fell on him while he was at
work in the mines.
TANK SLIDES DOWN.
A largs water tank erected recently
on Sacramento hill, slid a considerable
distance down the hillside yesterday
as a result of the earth fill, loosened
by the recent heavy snows, giving way
under it. Considerable time, labor and
expense will be necessary to install it J
in its original position.
COHEN NOW MAJOR.
A letter received yesterday by Dr.
X. C. Bledsoe, head of the C. & A.
surgical staff, from Dr. M. D. Cohen,
formerly engaged in the practice of
medicine here, said that ' the writer
now was stationed at Chattanooga.
Tenn., in the medical corps of the
army. Dr. Cohen entered the service
as a first lieutenant and has won proi
motion, having advanced two gradvs
to the rank of major.
(eagle theater!
Twice Daily, 2 o'clock, 8 o'clock
Twice Daily, 2 o'clock, 8 o'clock
FRIDAY
SATURDAY x SUNDAY
WEEK OF PRAYER.
The union services being held at
the Presbyterian church displayed
new interest in the meeting held last
evening. new c. w. narsnman Bpuite, tQ cook meah.
on cnurcn unity, giving many pracu-,
cat suggestions and points on this
subject. Rev. Kirchbaum vill speak
Wednesday evening. All are invited.
MANY WITHOUT WATER.
A number of people in Hinbee and '
surrounding territory who experienced i
the discomfort of being without watet
for several days last week, still are ;
in the same condition, it was reported
yesterday, owing to breaks in pipe '
or mains necessitating repair. In War-:
ren the condition was described at be-!
ing particularly acute, some neighbor- j
hoods being in such a condition that i
it was necessary for the householders
to come to Blsbee to eut No water!
could be obtained In the neighborhood
SPECIAL . MUSICAL SETTING, Interpreted by Symphony Orchestra
WHITNEY NOT APPOINTED,
The report that L. B. Whitney of;
this city had been appointed assistant j
attorney general of the state was de-1
nied yesterday by John Twdmey, who
said he had advices from the capital
to the effect that Whitney was pre
paring to engage in the practice of law
there. It was probable, Twomey said.
that Whitney would be
with F. C. Struckmeyer.
Pneumonia Calls
Pioneer Resident
TO RETURN FROM FRANCE.
Gus P.orrego, a member of the 109th
rench mortar battery, in France since
last May; will arrive in New lork
Saturday aboard Steamship Ulula, ac
cording to a letter received yesterday
William Harvey Day, aged 30 years,
a resident of the Warren district for
more than 14 years and lately em
ployed as a shift foreman at the Sac
ramento shaft of th Copper Queen
branch of the PhelDs Dodge coroora-
associated tion, died yesterday afternoon at 3:10
o'clock at his home in Johnson addi
tion following an illness of one week
with pneumonia.
-Mr. Pay is Burrived by a widow and
two sons, William and John.
- Funeral service) will be held at the
chapel of the O. K. Undertaking com
pany Thursday afternoon at 4:30
o'clock. The. Rev. Charles W. Harsh-
Interment will be ;
by his sister. Miss Agnes Borrego.
Before his entrance into the army Mr. man will officiate.
Borreogo was in partnership with : made In Evergreen cemetery.
Judve J. L. Winters in the real estate
business
HOLLAND ACTING JAILOR.
"Bud" Holland, for a number of
years jailor at the county jail in
Tombstone, has been employed by I
Sheriff J. F. McDonald to act In that j
capacity, pending the recovery of W
Business Locals
CONDITION IS BETTER.
Betterment was reported yesterday
to be apparent in the condition of W.
W. Watkins, who has been ill for
some time with influenza.
CHILD IS RECOVERING.
Dominick Bosio, son of Mr. and
Mrs. Pete Bosio of Lowell, who sus
tained a fractured skull when run
down by an automobile in Johnson au
dition several weeks ago, is getting
i along nicely and soon will -toe able to
j leave the hospital.
RETURNS TO AJO.
J. Keys, who has been visiting his
wife in Ajo in Lowell during the holi
days, has returned to Ajo, where he is
employed.
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS.
Undelivered telegrams at the West
ern Union for the following: J. B.
Keller, Leslie Roberts, Roy T. Green,
F. R. Fuller, Charlie Erickson, Jim
Welch. Aldin Alcurabrac, Oliver D.
Piper (death). Con Hurdado, Sam Sco
vill, B. F. Wootleu. B. F. Faust.
ATTENTION, ELKS
Collier's Weekly, January 11, will
contain an article of the Elk' war
L. Cook.' who was stricken with w,,rK wUcV. ?"" "f 3
ralysis, shortly after assuming his du- ,i0 .iajim jivj, . n.
ties. Cook, who is at the county hoa- notice
pital at Douglas, is reported to be do-1 .... , NOTICE
ing nicely and his recovery is hoped lice la hereby given that S J.
f0 Johnson ha completed bis grading
J contract on the Bisbee-Douglas road
FINE HORSE HURT. '?n(1 at inal pa3me" orA ,B,ame wI11
A valuable horse, one of a team be made January 13, 1919. All person,
owned and used by the Henderson & aK cIa'm alart the said 8. J.
Watkins Lumber company, sustained Johnson shall present same in writing
, kun i .nH hoH t h w Pr'r to January 13, 1919.
yesterday. How the horse was injured COCHISE COUNTT'HIGHWAY COM-
J. J. BOWEN-, Chairman.
Attest: A. H. GARDNER, Sec'y. 772
See the peaceful life or pre-war French villages; the joys and-sorrows J the pretty homes
and placid life. Faces aglow with rapture, love and laughter. The lovers wooing under
the springtime moon then THEN THE WAR war with its charging hordes, tanks,
devastation, flame and gas attacks. Scenes imagination can hardly comprehend grip
ping in intensity swift in action. Andmnning through it all the silver thread of a
deathless love. '
is not known unless be got in a fight
with other horses in the corral. The
stalls were fonnd to be badly dam
aged as though they bad been kicketd
to pieces. :
MATINEE, 25c, 50c, 75c
War Tax Extra.
NIGHTS, 50c, 75c, $1.00
J
To-Day
ONLY!
RECEIVES BONUS.
Miss Grace Johnson, who completed
her first year's service with the Phelps j house stop.
Dodge company store In Lowell on
December 6, has received her bonus
of $100.
LEAVE FOR COAST.
Miss Elizabeth Cunningham, until
recently proprietress of the Philadel
phia hotel on O. K. street, and a resi
dent of the district for 13 years, left
last night for Yuma. From there she
i will go to the coast for a short vaca-
Later she will return to be
OPEN NEW GARAGE.
Shattuek & Barnett have opened a tion
garage in the old Odora building on ! former home in Philadelphia, Pa., to
Naco road, just below the Customs , -eside Miss Cunningham was accom-
ILL WITH INFLUENZA.
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Fearing and
Misses Georgie and Carrie Bohmfalk.
daughters of H. H. Bohmfalk, Haz
rard street. Warren, are seriously ill
with influenza.
HOUSE IS ROBBED.
The home of Sid Harris, employ
ment agent for the SUattuck & Ari
zona Mining company, was entered by
thieves between 6 and 10 o'clock Mon-
Mark Shattuek, who re-; anied bv her niece. Miss Alice Con-
turned here recently from Chicago, J nor. ho will make her home with ber
and Ernest Barnett, a well known lo-! aunt.
cal auto mechanic, compose the firm
OLD TIMER VISITS. I
Accompanied by his wife, Ed Hotop,
formerly for many years an employe
of the Copper Queen mines, but more
recently retired, has arrived here to
transact business connected with his
local property interests. He will re
turn to Los Angeles to make his home,
in a short time.
HALF-MAST FLAGS.
In memory of Col. Theodore Roose-
TO RETURN FROM FRANCE.
A letter received yesterday by Mias
Florence Wilson, an employe. of the
Phelps Dodge company store in Low
ell, from J. A. "Garber, who has been
in France since January 10 of last
year, stated he expects to be returned
to the United States at an early date.
Mr. Garber is well known in the dis
trict and before entering the military
service was employed by the El Paso
& Southwestern railroad as a fireman.
He is a member of Company F, 21at
Private dancing lessona at all hour.
Mrs. Sales' Academy O. K. street. 532
BLACKSMITH COAL
Juet unloaded one car of Ajax
smithing coal. Bropby Carriage com
pany, Lowell B2
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath, 93 Mason
HiU, Mason car stop. Phone Blue C47
i
L. L Oilman sells the New Edison.
The Phonograph With a SouL"
Painter and Paper ' Hanging, Signs.
C. J. BRANDT
Box ISO. 27 Broadway. Phone 456.
V
THEATER
R
O Continuous
V' From
1:00 to 11:00
P. M.
1
ROCKHILUS STAGE
Blsbee-Tombstone. Leaves Blsbee.
Blsbee Auto company, 7:45 a. m., 1:30
p. m. Phone Blsbee 3. Adv.
The greatest semgjot an. Be sure
to get a eopy of the latest song bit
Muir Music store. 428
HEVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RE8ULT8
DEI
THE HALL CAINE MASTERPIECE
in eight big parts, tarring
DE&WENT HALL
SON OF THE AUTHOR
MSTEIR''
CAINE
The story is by Hall Caine, the greatest living author. Its appeal in picture form U tre
mendous. It is a BIG drama throughout.
Also One of Those Delightful Christie Coilies, - "JUST LIKE DAD"
Lower floor, 13c, war tax, 2c, total. 15c Balcony 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Reserved seats 22c, war tax 3c, total 25c
HAVE YOU PAID YOUR PORTION FOR SUPPORT OF FRENCH ORPHANS?
m
COMINGS
Grand.
Theater -- CO
MING!)
moav, saiuroav
and S
' M O t
unrJay, Jan. 1 0, 1 1 and 1 2
CA$T includes
Lillian Gisb
George Fawcett
Robert Harron
George Siegraann
d. w.
IIHJ
GRIFFITHS
Great Love"
CAST INCLUDES
Henry Walthall
Maxfield Stanley
Rosemary Tneby
Gloria Hope
An ARTCRAFT Picture With Practically the Same Cast as "THE BIRTH OF A RATION"
A Mighty Story of Woman's Regeneration by War. The hand that rocks
the Cradle is the Hand that Can Wield a Weapon as Potent as the Sword.
This Includes the War Tax. j
(ADMISSION: Lower Floor 35c. Balcony 25c.
Grand Theater!
TODAY Continuous, 1:00 to 11:00 TODAY
TRIANGLE FILM CORP. PRESENTS
JACK RICHARDSON
"Desert Law"
A regular Bill Hohenzollem runs things in a Western
town, but his' murderous activities run up
against a BIG MAN.
Also, ELINOR FIELD in
"TAKING THE COUNT"
Lower floor 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Balcony 4c, war tax lc, total 5c
Review Want Ads Bring Results