ft OS
WEATHER
Tuesday and Wednes
day (air; slight change
in temperature.
f m iM ri
VOL 21, NO. 205.
11L
SIMPLE CEREMONIES MARK COLONEL ROOSEVET'S
ROUGH RIDER
Prayers at Roosevelt Home
Will Precede Services at
Christ Episcopal Church,
Old Family Worship House
Cable Messages and Tele
grains of Condolence Pour
Into Home From Every
Corner of Globe
(Bv Review Leased Wire)
OYSTER BAY, N. Y, Jan. 6. Col.
Theodore Roosevelt, 26th president of
the United States, who died at his
home on Sagamore hill early today,
will be laid to rest without pomp or
ceremony In Young's Memorial ceme
tery in this village Wednesday after
noon. He will be buried on a knoll
overlooking Long Island sound, a plot
which he and Mrs. Roosevelt selected
soon after he left the wnlte house.
In the words of the clergyman who '
r.ill conduct the funeral service, j
"America's most typical American," i
known In every corner of the earth,
will go to his grave as a "quiet, dem
ocratic gentleman, beloved by his
neighbors."
Services at Family Church.
After prayers at the Roosevelt
borne, at which only members of the
family will be present, the funeral
services will be held at 12:45 o'clock
In Christ Episcopal church, the little,
old frame structure where for years
the coloDel and his family attended
divine worship.
At the request of Mrs. Roosevelt, no
flowers will be sent. The altar will
be decorated only with laurel placed
on it for the Christmas season. Also,
In conformance with Mrs. Roosevelt's
wishes, there will be no music and no
eulogy, but only the simple service
T. R. MADE 'EM FAMOUS.
"Bully!"
The Big Stick.
Teddy.
De-e-lighted!
San Juan hill.
My policies.
Honey fugler.
Shorter and uglier word.
Practical men.
Malefactors of great wealth.
Undesirable citizen.
River of Doubt.
Bwana Tumbo.
Armageddon.
Mollycoddle.
Byzantine Logothete. j
of the Episcopal church, conducted by
the pastor, the Rev. George B. Tal
mage. The church, founded In 1705 and re
built in 1S78, will accommodate less
than 500 persons, no that admittance
will be by card only. These cards. It
was announced, will be Issued from
the colonel's office in New York and
will be given to only relatives and' In
timate friends.
Mrs. Roosevelt Brave.
Cable messages and telegrams of
condolence, not only from fellow
countrymen of high and low degree,
but from distinguished citizens of
many nations, were pouring into
Oyster Bay tonight by the hundreds.
AH express heartfelt grief at the pass
ing of a great man and deepest sym
pathy for Mrs. Roosevelt, always de
Toted to her distinguished husband,
and one of his most trusted advisers.
The widow is bearing np bravely un-
(Continued en Pap Two)
POINCAIRE TO
Oontlnud oo Page Two)
PARIS, Jan. . President Poln
care will probably visit the United
States late in June or early In
July. This announcement mado
by the president himself to the
Associated Press this evening.
When it was suggested that the
greatest reception ever accorded
HERO dSES:
BURIAL PLOT
AT OLD ROME!
i
' .
r un" nwi mm pi iii.hl win wim ww ' i ui mpu U', .'" wwii. mm t 9 I ." .P
-.- ri ... r-r- I,, n M un I, niiim in imiirf" 1 nv- - 'momt mi--'1
: M ' ' - csV ' "1: Sr -'-"If
; il y fc-i" Jr V t
If -.j-- . - t I :-W
HUNDRED MiLLIONS
RFMMMFfinFn F0R
llLUUliilLltLLl 1UIIULILLU ..LlilfjU U1U1LLL UU I LIlllrlLII 1
RELIEF H EUROPElPOWER IN BERLIN BUT ARE DEFEATED
ir.y Review Leased Wire) j
WASHINGTON, Jan. (S. By a vote t
described as "very close" the house
appropriations committee today ap-'
proved the request of President Wil-'
son that congress appropriate
1100.000,000 Tor relief work in Europe,
outside of Germany. The bill, as
finally agreed npon, will be restored
to the house tomorrow and Chairman
Sherley said-he would seek prompt
action.
Opposition to the president's pro
posal was not on party lines, demo
crats as well as republicans voicing
disapproval. Only 14 of the 21 mem
bers of the committee were present
and it was said one of those present
abstained from voting. No announce-
ment of the vote was made, but it was ;
understood that it was seren to six,
with Chairman Sherley casting the!
deciding vote.
Some Express Doubt.
Some members were said to have
protested that a comprehensive plan
for the administration of the relief
should have been presented to the
committee, and insisted that definite
Information should have been given
as to the amount of contributions to
(Contlnuml on Page Bix)
VISIT AMERICA
a foreign ruler was awaiting him,
the president said:
"I must r'tum President Wil
son's visit. I am not looking for
the honors of a reception. I simp
ly wish to thank America and
Americans for. what they have
done for th eaus of liberty and
Fran."
THS BISBEE DAILY
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt
SPARTACUS GROUP
5FI7FQ BFIIJIQ OF5IF7F HnVFRNMFHT
AMSTERDAM, Jan. 6 The Sparta-
cus group Sunday evening made an-'
other attempt to seize the reins of
power in Berlin and occupied the
office of the Wolff bureau, the semi-.
offirial news agency. j attempt early today to gain control
The Jast telegram received here of the government, beuause General
from the Wolff bureau announced the Pilsudski, the dictator, refused to re
seizure of the office. " j organize the cabinet and admit other
Private advices sav that the Spar-! parties than tho socialists,
tans occupied the offices of half a' The attempt, up to this hour, ap
dozen big newspapers, including the parently had been unsuccessful. The
socialist Vorwaerts. day passed without casualties, except
j for the accidental killing of one sol-
WONT TOLERATE UNION. j dipr w attempted to prevent tha
AMSTERDAM. Jan. ..-Count von f" rf M- T!,uut' mi,li,,ter of ,h'
Broeckdorff-Rantzau, the new German
foreign minister, in an Interview in Arrest High Officials
the Norddeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung, One of the measures of Prince Sap-
declares that Foreign MtnlKter Pichon
of France has announced publicly
that France would not tolerate tho
union of German-Austria with Ger- !-orel:n .Minister asilewskl and tne
many. This stand, the count added, chief of police of Warsaw. It is re
would mean that the Germaji-speuking ported that fix members of the cab-.-miM
tin-. n)ii.a In thn finer k t H I Am iir i nn t nnd mAV he
UWLTiro . 1 ' 11 1 11 uuii; iu lmn an . -' 1
new world In the unbuilding of which
tliey would like to collaborate. The nied at the headquarters of General , England. In addition to the troubles
German foreign minister added: l'ilsndski in the Bclvidere palace. j at Folkstone, Dover and Osterley. the
"It is incompatible, however, that. The attempt was started by the oc- nun ta otlier raraps are making de
the Slav nations should receive the ; cupat'on of all state offices and the mand for a revsion of the system of
unrestricted right of self determina
tion whiie it Is refused to German
Austria." The foreign minister said that the
recent note sent to the all'es by German-Austria
appeared to him to he
permeated with a spirit cf sincerity
In whl'-h the rl!;ht of self determ'na-
i t ion for Gernnn A'.isfians was
' r'r.imed clearly. Hr declared f'at If
the entente r"Pllywant? a Instin
peace of rirht.' c'int ili itlon. security,
freedom and 'e'f determination It
would be unable to oppose the fra
ternal union of Germany and Germnti-Austria.
Associated Press Special Leased Wire Service
REVIEW. TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1919.
8
H ik& K S
i a am sr
POLISH LIBERALS
WARSAW. Sunday, Jan. 5 (By the
Associated Press) 8 p. m. Members
of the conservative and liberal parties
of Poland, under the leadership of
Prince Eustache Sapieha, made an
ieha, who was aided by 30O civilians,
was the arrest of Premier Andreas
Morarzewskl. minister of the Interior,
' ' j i
kept as hostages, although this is de-1
headquarters of the garrison of War- demobilization.
saw. in the Palace de Saxe. The There has been much dissatisfac
headquarters was used by Prince Sap-!,on particularly among the men of
u na ana ms assistants, ma principal ,
military aide was Colonel Janszagtls. !
wno nau arranged to nave seterai ;
regiments at ti e disposal of Prince
Sapieha. The e,vc s. however, failed
to !!' ir. The corn r:il telephone or
fices were seized.
The p!;in of the conservatives and
liberals, i'lipenrs to have failed, not
only because they were unal.Ie to keep
General Pilsudskl a prisoner, but
principally uecause tne general s
tlYnt'iiued en I'age Six)
w
S
DISCLOSE
FORESIGHT
Then Assistant Secretary of
War, Cabled Dewey With-
out Authority to Stand in
Readiness for Hostilities
(Bv Revii-w I.eiiwd Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6. In the rec-
ords of the navy department. Theo-
NAVAL RECORD
SAN
dore Roosevelt has left many memo- nor of the state of Arizona, took the
rials to his keen interest In the serv- oath of office at the capitol buildiug
ice, but none more striking than an or- shortly after 10 o'clock this morning
der cabled to Admiral Dewey on Feb- in the presence of a large audience
ruary 25, 189S, nearly two months be- which had gathered from every part
fore war was declared on Spain, in of the state. The oath was admin
which the first step toward American istered by Judge Albert C. Baker, the
occupation of the Philippine islands newly elected member of the state su
was taken. ; preme court.
Mr. Roosevelt, then assistant secre-1 Immediately after taking the oath of
tary of the navy, issued the order he n?w governor was iutroduved to
without the knowledge or approval of th3 audience by George W. P. Hunt,
Secretary Long, and in his autobi- the retiring executive. Governor
ograohv he described this as one of Campbell then delivered his inaugural
the "times when he seized opportuni- .address, which was frequently inter
ties presented by the absence of the ruPted b applause, especially when
secretary to take steps toward the ne denounced the. 1. W. W. and bol
preparation for war which he regard- "hevlkl as enemies of liberty and Jus-
ed as vital. tice- '
... . . Receive Office
Mr. Roosevelt has repeatedly urged Kollowing the inaugural ceremony
Liat prompt act.on be taken to make Governor Campben went to the execu
ready for, wnr. He, believed admiral. Uve offjce wh,ch wag tlirned oyer to
then Commodore Dewey rommandinff llim by Lowu.a,, secretary to
the Asiatic fleet, should bo fciwn ad- oovernor Hunt. Governor Hunt ra
yance instructions, for even before tho turned t0 the offlce whfch 8ave for a
Maine was sunk he had felt certain part of one year he na3 cpi for
that war with Spain was inevitable. allnost yeargi t0 get hia c;,p.
Nc instructions were sent to Dewey, j Tnen he left lhe capltol on foot
however, and when Mr. Lcng depart- j A report tnat GoVernor Campbell
ed from Washington on February 25, dia nM fiIe his oath cf office oue day
leaving Roosevelt as acting secretary, previous to taking office, provided
this order over Roosevelt's name wont,dl,rin(j tne ,)ay occasion for the circu
over the cables: j lalion of a joker fo the effect tnat the
"Dewey, Hong Kong: i office had become vacant. Governor
"Secret and confidential. Order the ; Hunt called the matter to Governor
squadron excent Monocafy to HonX Campbell's attention prior to the inau
Kong. Keep full of coal. In event of j guration, but said he would waive all
declaration of war Spain your duty i claims to the office and deliver it to
will be to see that Spanish squadron him. Mitt Sims, the incoming Becre
does not leave Asiatic coast, and then i tary of state, also treated the matter
offensive operations in Philippine is- as of no consequence,
lands. Keep Olympia (Dewey's flag-! Brilliant sunshine and draped flags
ship) at Manila bay, (previously or-
dered home) until further orders.
"Roosevelt."'
SCHRANK EXPRESSES SORROW
(By Review Imaged Wire)
WAL'POX, Wis., June 6. "I am sor
ry to. learn oj his death. He was a
great American. His loss will be a
great one for the country."
The expression over the death of
Colonel Roosevelt came from John
Schrank, the man who shot him while
he was in Milwaukee in the fall of
1912.
Schrank is confined in the hospital
for the criminal insane here. He was
told ot the death of the former presi
dent by Major Rock Sleyster, superin-
iendent.
PHYSICIAN'S STATEMENT
(By Review Lrad Wire)
OYSTER BAY. Jan. 6 Speaking for
Mrs. Roosevelt, W. Empton Roosevelt,
the former president's cousin, issued
the following statement by the attend
ing DhvsicianB:
"Colonel Roosevelt had been suffer -
ing from an attack of Inflammatory
rheumatism for about two months. His
progress had been entirely satisfac -
(ConttBued on Page Ml)
SOLDIERS OF ENGLAND PROTEST RETENTION
(lty Review Leased Wire)
LONDON, Jan. 6 The alleged un
satisfactory manner in which demob
ilization is being carried out is creat-
.
ing ill feeling among the troops
ln
th(, army service corps, who were
transferred from other units, as the
,.orIi!, to whi(.h thev now are assened
D(, he la(lt to bo demobilized.
Mpn who had bwn promise.j re-etn-
ployment by their pre-war employers
are anxious to be demobilized as they
fear that civil positions will he taken
hefnrA tltev pit out of iHft wnr. Oil
,,,e o(her hand tho8e ()f th men wh '
,,V(, .nt.rtnrahi- ,rvlce are
restless berause men who have never
been out of the country are obtaining
FUNERAL
GOV. CAMPBELL
re nmncJUHinLn IU
L0 Ul I IUL,
Large Audience From Every
Part of State to Witness In-
auguTStl'of Arizona's First
Republican Governor
(Special to The Review)
PHOENIX. Ariz., Jan. 6 Thomas E.
Campbell, the first republican gover
on the balcony pi the statehouse aaa
i " '
: ed to the impressive scene of the in
auguration. Governor Campbell, his
hat laid aside, stood in a circle of
friends, the sun shining in his face, as
he took the oath and later as he ad
dressed the audience.
Reception Cancelled
A reception which was to have been
held at the governor's office tonight,
and other informal entertainment
which had been planned, was cancel
led on account of the renewal of the
influenza quarantine. At the same
time it was announced that Governor
0 HIT PRESENTS " l
HERO NEVV EXECUTIVE UtlVIUbHWL. T
Irnn minni n
Campbell's two sons are seriously ill. 0f Turin, which gave another tumur
Governor Campbell today appointed tuous welcome, quite as hearty as th
Dr. Thomas J. Cummins of Verde, su-1 greetings he received at Genoa and
perintendent of the state hospital tor
the insane. The appointment of Doan
Merrill as chief clerk of the state engi
neering department was announced by
Fritz llohnquist, state engineer. Fred
Smith of Coconino county, was named
steward of the state hospital by the
governor.
All other newly elected state of
ficers, including Albert C. Baker, su
1 preme court. Mitt Simms, secretary of
I state; David F. Johnson, state cor-
' poration commissioner, and J. F. Ross,
j state treasurer, took office today im-
(Continued on Tage Tbrre)
their discharge before themselves.
The soldiers stationed at Osterley
broke camp this morning as a pro
test apainst their transfer from the
infantry to the army service corps.
They commandeered numerous motor
lorries and drove through Ixmdon to, at Shoreham marched to Brighton to
WhiteNall. cheering all the way. They ; protest against delays In demobiliza
lined up outside the ministry of de- tion. A major addressed them at the
mobilization while a deputation visiteJ town hall and promised to communl
the officials inside. A representative rate their grievances to the war office,
of the ministry at the request of the; The soldiers thereupon, dispersed.
WOUNDED HEROES BACK HOME
NEW YORK. Jau. 6 Six hun
dred of tho famous Fifth and
Sixth Marines who fought In the
battles at Chiteau Thierry. Bel
leau wood and Soissons. came
home today with 800 soldiers on
the cruiser North Carolina which
made her first trip as a transport.
T V.
HVE CENTS.
m
STITF5MFM
n i f u r n fn
Following Week's Stay With
Hospitable Italians, Ameri
can Executive Reaches Paris
to Discuss Final Plans
Allied Diplomats and Dele
gates to Congress Arrive in
French Capital, Ready to
Present League Details
'Ry Review Le.isd W-
PARIS, Jan. 6. President Wilson Is
due back at Paris at 8 o'clock tomor
rcw morning. There will be no form
alities over his arrival and he will
proceed to the Murat residence for
a series of conferences, wiich will be
gin to give concrete form to the work
of the peace congress.
Lord Robert Cecil, the British au
thority on a league of nations, will be
cne of the early arr'vali in Par!
after the president. Premier Lloyd
George, of the British cabinet. Is ex
pected toward the end of the week,
and Foreign Secretary Balfour is
ready to come from Cannes.
Several Plan Perfected
Lord Robert Cecil, it is understood,
is' ready to present a quite definite
plan, giving the British viewpoint on
a society of nations. Inn Bourgeois
is prepared to outline the French plan,
while the American delegates have
been engaged actively in putting their
views in definite shape. The presi
dent is expected to take a lively in
terest. Others likely to see the president
are Senator Owen of Oklahoma. Pre
mier Venlzelos of Greece and a Zion
ist delegate for discussion of freeing
Palestine, Syria and Armenia. Parts
of the Polish, Czecho-Slovak and Serb
ian delegations have arrived and are
seeking interview with the president,
who doubtless will confer with all of
( them.
Tlie outlook is for a busy week, pre
paratory to the assembling of the inter-allied
conference next week.
ENDS TOUR OF ITALY
TCR1X. Italy. Jan. 6 (Bv the Associ
ated Press). President Wilson today
i wound up his visit to Italy by a tour
Milan. Altogether, however, the
greeting was tnore orderly.
Again thousands of persons flocked
the streets and rent the air with
Jiouts of "Viva Wilson, God of Peace"
and similar expressions.
After a round of receptions, which
included the freedom of the city be
ing conferred upon him. a luncheon at
which the cardinal was present, and
where the president made speech,
and a visit to the university, where an
honorary degree was conferred upon
him. President Wilson and his party
(Continued on Pa Five)
deputation went to Osterley to In
vestinatt the grievances of the men,
to whom the promise was given that
those who had taken part in the dem
onstration would not be punished.
Several thousand soldiers stationed
Every one of them bad been
wounded and nearly every man
displayed a decoration a Crols
de Guerre, a D. S. C. or a Four
Ragere. They have been dis
charged from hospitals and or
ganized into casual companies for
the royag hots.
numnn Mr mi
run rain
T- TWO-
TOE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1919.
u li m S3 rj H m m j ri H r H M n H J tJI v WC d V LI
IS H 11 XiP' B ii ti ; W U M W W H U B U W aw m
: t
ENTIRE NATION MOURNS DEATH:;
!
iiiii imiii hi ii rn ii i
roiio! uniHi
CITIZEN IS CLAIMED
h
Roosevelt's Own Words
OF FORMER
AMERICAN
DECLARE HUNDREDS OF FRIENDS
(Continued from Piig" One)
der the shock -of his sudden death,
coining so soon after that of their
youugest son. Lieut. Quentin Roose
velt, who lost his life in a battle with
a German airman last July.
The" death of Colonel Roosevelt is
more hill yesterday a village barber
whose work he liked.
Tni feeling bully. John," he said,
"but I sent for you because I don't
feel like shaving myself today, so get
ready."
.... Has Been III Year.
Colonel Roosevelt's final illness
Today,
by his
through an an:
jmyslcians con
believed by the physicians who at-1 dated from last February. It was on
tended him to have been hastened by j the fourth of that month that, follow
grief over Quentiii's death, coupled j js an operation on one of his ears,
with anxiety over the serious wounds i ne was removed from Oyster Bay to
suffered . by Capt. Archie Roosevelt j tne jtoosevelt hospital in New York,
while fighting in France. j He remained there until March 3,
Father of Heroes. 1 meanwhile undergoing two more op-
He was "proud of his soldier sons j eratious. Two months later he in
aud their heroism, but he was de-1 listed on keeping sneaking engage
voted father and he grieved for the!nients arranged for him in man)
one who gave his life for his country - cit.es and until the fall continued to
.. . .. ., ' piv from the nlatfnrm his views on
as well as tor tne ouier wuo wa , , V -
wounded. He hid his suffering from ! iuternational affairs. . ...
the world, in the hope that he might j- In November he was-orced to re-
v;,r.i. mr ..ther fathers and turn to the hospital for treatment of
mothers who had given their sons to rheumatism.
.. ..., ' nouncement
To the last Colonel Roosevelt had cerning the cause of his death it be
. . ..,.i.; i,Hfankm- mid-; came known that three weeks before
.oiiw. H .,( hi- health had been ! e left the hospital to return to Saga-
shattered. It was believed that the niore hill on Christmas day, he had
mgged constitution which had stood : suffered a pulmonary embolism which
him in such good stead through so ! "early proved iatal.
many years of strenuous" life would f Resolutions of Sorrow.
not fail him and that he would regain j xi flags in Oyster Bay are at half-
his Uhual health. His messages of j msst tonight and in windows of nearly
late, however, had been delivered j every store and residence are pic-
througu the medium of editorials ordures of the former president, draped
public statements instead of as ad-j with crepe and surrounded with
dresses. ! American flags.
Even to his neighbors in Oyster I a special meeting of 'ihe town board
Hay it seemed impossible that life j t0 ,jraft resolutions of sorrow was
had ended so suddenly for the Rough j called for tonight and . Mattinecock
Rider hero of Spauisii war days; the lodge of Masons, of which the colonel
statesmau who, as governor of N'ev: j was a member, also met for the same
York and president, had wielded the purpose.
" big stick" so fearlessly; the big Touight cable messages and tele
game hunter of tropical jungles; the I grams of sympathy addressed to Mrs.
citizen who preached preparedness Roosevelt poured in in such numbers
long before his country entered the; that the local operator was unable
world conflict. fio handle them and three more teles-
No Foreboding of Death. 1 iruphcrs were called from New York
Apparent!;- neither Colon! Ro09e-Tto assist him.
veil lior his wife had ny foreboding Ampng the messages made public
tnit death would sr soon still hhi w8s one from Mrs. Frances F. deve
st live mind and body. It was only j land-Preston, widow of President
yesterday that -Mrs. Roosevelt sent a, Cleveland, in which she asked Mrs.
letter let Charles Stewart Davison, j Roosevelt to "accept assurance of
chairman of the general citizens' com- j profoundest sympathy in this yours
mittee appointed to welcome return-, and the country's great loss."
ing soldiers in New York, announcing , Personal messages also were re
that the colonel would accept the lion- j ceived from William C. Redfield, sec
orary chairmanship of the committee. retary of commerce; former United
"The rheumatism has invaded Col-, States Senator Chauncey M. Depew,
onel Roosevelt's right hand," wrote ! Maj. Gen. George V. Goethals, former
Mrs. Roosevelt. ' so he wants me to I Governor Colquitt of Texas and Elbert
wnte that lie has telegraphed his ao-jH. Gary.
ceptance. This note is to assure youj
that he will be at your service by ; SHOCK TO FRANCE,
springtime." j (By Iievi.w Win)
It was at 4:15 o'clock this morning PARIS. Jan. 6. Theodore Roose
thtit the foimer president died in his velt's death tame as a shock to Paris,
rleep painlessly. His death was due ' which was unaware .of his iilness.
directly to a blood clot lodged in one .The public had been expecting the ful
lung, the lesult of inflammatory rheu- fillment of his proposed visit to
inatism. ' France.
"Put out the light, please." were The news of Colonel Roosevelt's
the former president's last words. ; death was communicated by the As
They were addressed to his personal ' Bociated Press to the peace commis
attendaiit, James Amos, n young negro, ' sion and other officials in diplomatic
who had been in his services since circles, eliciting general expressions
he left the white house and who was j of shock and regret,
sitting st the foot of his bed. J. J. Jusserand, the French ambas-
1 Mrs. Roosevelt Alone. sudor to the Cnited States, said:
' Some time later Amos noticed that j "The unexpected death of one who
the president was breathing heavily j has upheld all his liie the principles
and became alarmed. He left the ! of virile manhood, straightforward
mom to call the nurse who had been ' honestv and fearlessness, will be i made by men and women who had
fiummor.ed from Oyster Day venter-1 mourned all over the world , now here j been associated closely w ith the form
day. When they returned Colonel ; more sincerely than in France, whose er president during his life in .W'ash
Roiiseve!: had breathed his last. They cause he upheld in her worst crisis'! ington. particularly the seven years
called Mrs. Roosevelt, the only mem- in a vav that shall never be forgot-jof his residence in the White House
ber of the li-mily who was al home. I ten." ! "d members of the diplomatic corp.j
Thre h:d hwn" h familv gathering's Henrv White, one of Ifie American ! expressed the admiration which the
Christmas da;. , but as no alarm was i peace commissioners, said:
felt over the colonel's condition, the j "i have heaid of Mr. Roosevelt's
rhl dren v h-i w ere able to spend the death w ith deep sorrow, because of
LiolKia v. iih their parents had gone j the loss to the nation of a great public
Our duty is to be neutral and to avoid entangling alliances."
ask that we stand for property rights, bur that we put human
rights ahead of property rights."
"No nation can be called really great, unless it can sometimes rise
to a heroic mood."
"I appeal, as a lover of peace, in the name of my wife and myself
the father and mother of sons who would have to go to war, and of
daughters who. in war. would work and suffer as much as the sons
to every good man and good woman in this country. We dread war;
but we follow Washington and Lincoln in dreading some things worse
than war."
"The pofessional pacifist is as much out of plate in democracy
as is the poltroon himself."
"The surest way for a nation to invite disaster is to be rich, ag
gressive and unarmed."
"No nan is fitted to be the citizen of a free country unless he is
willing to defend that country'-"
"I think the highest life, the ideal life, is the married life."
"I grew to believe In woman suffrage, not because of associating
with women whose chief Interest was in woman suffrage, but because
of finding out that the women from wliom I received most aid in
endeavoring to grapple with the social and industrial problems of the
day were themselves believers in woman suffrage."
"Our aim is to control business, not strangle it."
"The American people, and not the courts, are to determine their
own fundamental policies."
"The democratic party lacks the common sense, the republican
party the ethical standards to solve the problems of today."
"The welfare of the farmer is Uie basic need of this nation."
"Our people as a whole, through their governmental agencies,
should back the farmers."
"If women could vote, they would strengthen the hands of those
who are endeavoring to deal in efficient fashion with social evils."
"I do not regard as essential the way in which a man worships
his God."
"Wealth should be the servant, not the master, of the people."
"In the past we have paid attention to the accumulation of
prosperity, and from henceforth, we must pay equal attention to the
distribution of prosperity."
cause "he understood atwi represented p
all sections of America." '(
"I am deeply shocked." said Thomas j
F. Ryan, "the country has lost a man '
who always fought for what he be-:;
lleved to be right, but more than all I ;
he was a true American." 1 '
John Mitchell, former head of the J
United Mine Workers of America,',
now chairman of the New York state i )
food commission, said the colonel's
"attitude towards industrial and so-:
J ' cial righteousness had a tremendous :
S influence upon the minds and activi-,
ties of all those forces which havelj
worked for human betterment and!J
his death deprived America of a force P
I which it had need in the solution of ?
Jjthe readjustment problems growing ;
5 ' out of the war." , i
Important Dates and Events In
Roosevelt's Life
"He Was Honest" I,
I admired him greatly," said Thorn-1 '
I as A. Edison. "He was one of ourij
.greatest Americans. He was straight. I J
He was honest." , t
I "It was my pleasure to serve under j
him during the trying days of Panama
! canal construction, and as a man his
charming and magnetic personality en
i shrined him in the affections of allj
) who knew him," said Theodore I. ')
Shonts. who was chairman of the seo
i ond Isthmian canal commission.
fin lha dav hpfnre Christmas, when!
i Colonel Roosevelt left the hospital in j '
! New York, to spend the holiday in i
(! Oyster Bay. Miss Strieker, in speaking! ,
? j of his condition, said he was in slight; I
' I pain at intervals, but apparently was j
lfar from being seriously ill. On the
Born Oct. 27. 1S5S. f
Birthplace New York city.
Married Oct. 27. 1SS0; Dec. 2. 18S6.
Wives Alice Hathaway (died Feb. 14. 1884). and Edith Kermit.
C-Mldren Alice (Mrs. Nicholas Longworth. daughter of first wife),
Theodore, jr., Archie. Ethel (Mrs. Richard Darby), Kermit and
Quentin.
First political office Member of New York legislature, 1SS2 4.
Rancher North Dakota. 1SS4 6.
Candidate mayor. New York 18S6. defeated.
Civil service commissioner. New York 1889-95.
President, New York police board 1S95-7.
Organized Rough Riders in Spanish-American war 1898.
Assistant secretary of war 1897-8
Lleutenanf colonel and colonel and mustered out 1S98.
Governor of New Y'ork 1890-1900.
Vice-President United States 1901.
Became President when McKinley died, Sept. 14. 1901.
Elected President 1904.
Awarded Noble peace prize 190S. ,
Special ambassador of United States at funeral of King Edward
VIII 1910.
Progressive party candidate for presidency 1912.
Shot at Milwaukee by a "crank" Oct. 15. 1912.
Headed exploring party in South America 1914.
Last public appearance of national character Leading offensive
against war policies and program of present administration Jan. 1918.
Author of numerous books and contributions to newspapers and
magazines.
Home Oyster Day. L. I.
'I Sunday previous to his departure fori I
!jhis home, he had dictated articles for other to the colonel's breakdown was west, during
': the Kansas City Star and other puhli-; the death last fall of his son, Lt. j giignt attack
I cations from 11 a. m. until 2 p. m. He t quentin Koosevett. tne avioior, in
Mate well and slept like a child. , action in France.
! So marked was his Improvement at i Proud of his heroic son's achieve-
; the hospital that Mrs. Roosevelt, who. , ments. Colonel Roosevelt bore up
jat the beginning, remained with her under the sorrow of his death with a
Ameiicanisra w ill be an inspiration I but one who always fought for what i i,usband continuously, was importuned j fortitude that was in keeping with
to future generations
President Poincare, when informed
by the Associated Press of the death
of Theodore Roosevelt, said:
French President Affected.
"I am very much aftected by the
report of President Roosevelt's death.
lt was so unexpected. After the
president had left the hospital some
days ago we thought that all danger
had passed.
"Well do I remember the dignified
letter which I received from Mr.
Roosevelt after the death of his son
QuenM-i, in which he informed me
that he was coming to France to visit
the grave of his son. It is distress
ing to me to think that poor Roose
velt will not have an opportunity to
lay flowers on the grave of his heroic
son.
"The whole heart of France goes
out. tf Mrs. Roosevelt in sympathy.
"Friend of liberty, friend of France,
Roos?eIt has1 given, without counting
soos and daughters, his energy that
liberty may live. - We are grateful to
him. We wish to express to Mrs.
Roosevelt our most sincere condolence."
ENTIRE NATION MOURNS
(By Review Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6. Washing
ton, representing the nation at large,
gave solemn and earnest expression
today to the country's regret at the
death of Theodore Roosevelt and its
admiration for his character and
achievements.
Flags on every government build
ing throughout the United States and
at every post and on every naval
vessel were ordered placed at half
mast. The senate and house adjourned
after eulogjes of the former president
had been delivered by both repub
licans and democrats, and committees
had been appointed to attend his fu
neral, and the supreme court took un
precedented action in adjourning with
out the transaction of any business.
Many Pay Tribute
Formal tributes were paid Colonel
Roosevelt by government officials,
members of congress and cabinet of
ficers. President Wilson was cabled
the news by the executive offices of
the White House. Many touching
statements of personal grief were
in foreign lands held for
to different parts of the country.
Ca!l message were sent to Maj.
Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., and dipt.
Kermit Kooseelt, who are in service
in Frame, and telegrams to Mrs.
Nichi.i: s lx.ns:wuith. to Captain
Art hi'.', '. ho lett yesterday w ith his
wife for Boston, where his father-in-law
div.l Saturday, and to Mrs. Ethel
Derb, who is in Aiken, C, with her
two children.
Mr?. I.'cosevclt telephoned to her
sen ant and to myself of a lifelong
friend."
Praises Americanism.
Hribort C. Hoover said:
"The nffWR of Mr. Roosevelt's death
conies to mo as a distinct shock.
America is poorer for the loss of a
great citizen, the world lor the loss,
of a great man. His virility and i
Americanism ha-i been one of our na-
tional treasures."
Col. E. M. House saia:
husband ; cousin, i oi. r.mifn Koose-, -j am Breatly shocked to hear the
vclt (f New Yr.ik. who start! imme-inews tn, ,omes from America. The
dia'.ely tor Oyster I '.ay, and to tne , (nid
peoples
him.
The bust of Colonel Roosevelt in the
senate corridor was draped in crepe.
The National Press club, where the
former president frequently had been
a guest and a speaker, postponed ,its
annu'il inaugUiatiou of officers and
the frolic to follow, which was to
have been a humorous version of the
Versailles peace conference with Col
onel Roosevelt as one of the charac
ters. Discuss Political Results
Political effects of Colonel Roose
velt's death began to be discussed,
even while the capital mourned the
passing of one of th-? leading features
which he suffered a
of erysipelas, but re
fused to give up his engagements. Ear
ly in November, the colonel was taken
to Roosevelt hospital in New Tork
for treatment or, rheumatism and
sciatica.
While in the hospital, reports be
came current that the colonel was
he believed right. hv him to rest. She went to Oyster' his spirit in public life. Friends said
The former president, classed iti a Bav. returning two or three times a that while the father "did not carry j
resolution of the board of aldermen as week to vlMt him and bring him table his heart on his sleeve" he suffered j more seriously 11! than his physicians
"the truly tyniial American of his delicacies of which he was especially most poignant grief in silence and j would admit. Colonel Roosevelt re-
age, was lamented tv Alan K. Haw-1 fond. 'tried to torget tnem oy plunging nara-; mmea to nis name in ujsier nay ub
t or than ever into his work.
! Christmas .day. remarking as he step-
Haw- i fond.
ley, presiueiu oi me ero uud oi i i wo separate oioou icsis nu miner man oer imu ins ,'
America, as "depriving the aeronautic I made at the hospital, one by Dr. Rich-. Operation on Ear i Ped to the porch that he was "feeling
movement of one of its strongest sup-! a rds and the other by Dr. Hartwell. rin, i,v.ff. I,..! iiin,s ma w,)'"
- ' ' " ' J XJ -. Vn.iMM DM;Wnfr
porters."
Praises Courage
Frank A. Vanderlip said it was the
colonel's courage more than anything
else, that gave him "the marvelous
following" that he had. Theodore N.
Vail declared the colonel's death
would cause 'universal sorrow" and
was "a great loss to the country and pronounced in hi
to the people." times it affected
I each of which confitmed the diagnosis
! ft lha rtthAP
Rheumatism Only Ailment
These tests, it was said, indicated
that the colonel was entirely free
from any organic "disease and that liis
only trouble was the inflammatory
rheumatism. This ailment was only
his left leg, but at
one of his hands
Colonel Roosevelt's career has left
I such a vivid Impression upon the peo-
! pie of his time that it is necessary to
be said to date from last February.
On February 5. it was announced tbatl
he had been removed from his home
: f 1 A Dnnai-All tins.
nifnl in V nrW fnllnwin an Anr-' ... . . ...
... " j" .striking purases oi bis vaneu. inter-
a ion on one of h.s ears Soon after "strenuous" life to recall
his arrival at the hospital he under-, fc b , d fuU dptai,s , hi9
went two more operations for there-, and jence9
moval of diseased tissue in his infect- Callp4 o Houge ,n mi
ed ear and it was admitted at the ....,..,.., K,
Former Ambassador James W. Ger- J and arms. Blood pressure tests, it time that he was seriously ill. He re-1 saasinatedi Col Roosevelt. 42 years of
ard described Theodore Roosevelt as j was said, showed that the patient had ; mained at the hospjtal until .Marcn 3. ;
"the greatest American of his day" arteries of a man of 46 instead of 60
and representing "the highest type of years.
i ana hiuumi fho YniinttGt nrntalHpTl
During May and June the colonel: ....... s,.., h' h,, Thr
made a number of addresses, speak- j
the real old-fashioned America,"
whose place would be hard to fill be- to
One of the things that is believed ! ing at Sprlngf'eld. Mass., and in New,
have contributed more than any York. In June he made a tour of the
years later he was elected as presi
(Continued o rage Six)
rrrvr?
W n'i rn-ini i
Clearance!
f 1 ii i mimn.ipw Jil.awmj Ml. UPIJ L III "mi. ' W !,'' "I
ri m nM-ii twin-' imfir.' ii - '
THIS MIGHTY EVENT provides hundreds of op
portunities to make GREAT SAVINGS in Cloth
ing and Men's Furnishings.
Certainly this Clearance News will bring you early to the Men's Clothing Sec
tion, for with the higher price of clothing, and the continued scarcity of materi
als for some time to come, to buy a well known brand of suits, such as these,
at lowered prices, is worth while indeed The styles, materials, fit and finish are
all that we claim them to be.
Clearance Prices on Suits
Men's Suits, worth 20.00 now $15.00
Men's Suits, wcrth $22.50, now $17.50
Men's Suits, worth $25.00 and $27.50, own $19.95
Men's Suits, worth $29.50 and $30.00, now $22.45
Men's Suit3. worth $35.00 and $37.50, now $26.95
Men's Suits, worth $39.50 and $40.00, now $29.95
Clearance Prices on Men's
MEN'S CAPS . 65c
One big lot of Men's
Cap3, values from $1.00 to
$1.25, in plaids, checks and
mixtures. All sizes and a
big assortment of styles 65c
to close.
MEN'S HATS $2.95
Men's Hats, values $3.50
to $4.00, in good staple
styles. All sizes, to close,
$2.95"
Overcoats
?likke. who also -as in New York.
Miss M;i:ker yavc the sad news to
Ih-j .r:j through the Af-soci-ited
l'lCiS
Doctor Had No Fesrs,
Ci,ii ;ui UiMjsevilt was visited twire
h-si ; ; -idtij! by lr. J. II. Kallcr of
tJii . lii'ii.i.'. At 1 o'(I' k. when
the si- i i.d i.-it v.'rfs made, tile patient
exil.i::cl to the physician. "I ielt a
lion:;!i I iv heart was toiiin ti stop
beatiiiu " Itr. Fuller hud no teascni
to bc'ieve. however, that Mr. Loose
vel! i'l aiiv inline li t'" d.inver.
So, torttin thai this was l rue. -Mrs.
Roosevelt ami the ntirPP retired.
One of Cril'inel (iose ell's New
Yolk physicians visited hi:n Fii'liiy.
hut. ai'li"tif;h the fornn.r prelim-lit
wai t-HlfcriiiE some jui'ti Inmi the
rhV tmutt j.m. he niarift liultl of ;t.
la"-Min:i! anil rhatM'ii': witli"i;t re
straint Colonel Koosevclt called to iaa-
in Atlierieun lilttilte life In.'islliileh an
will share the urief which will coIom.i R0OSevell had 'heen mention
ed prominently as a possihle presi
dential nominee in it was inevit
able that his pitHsiim should cause
speculation as to other candidates.
Since the republican schism of I!il2
and the return ol the democrats to
power. Colonel IJoosevt.lt admittedly
fi;id heen out of sympathy with some
elements f his part v. Republican
leaders asserted that the death of Ihe
founder of the promessive parly
would mean the complete, reunion of
the republicans.
l felt in the t'nite.I States over the
death of Theodore Roosevelt. He
was the one virile and courageous
It :nier of his gem-ration an.I wll live
in history us one of our sreatcsl presi
dents "
Colonel llonst sent to Mrs. Roose
velt a cablegram, saying:
' Mrs. House shares with me the
ne:tt sorrow whi'h all Americans
feel out the deatli of your distin
guished husband."
Set retary Lansing said:
"The death ol Colonel Roosevelt
tel. itnes from our national life a preat
Ann ri. .in His vlor of mind and
east less eneruv made him a con-
spit-nous figure in publii
$14.95
$19.95
Men's Overcoats, worth $20.00 and $22.50, now
Mci's Overcoats, worth $25.00 and $27.50, now
Men's Overcoats, wcrth $29.50 and $30.00, now $24.95
Men's Overcoats, worth $32.50 and $35.00, now $27.95
NATION'S LEAGERS GRIEVE
NKV YORK. Jan. 6 Men of nation-
affairs. 'al prtnniiicnee who paid tribute here
Clearance Prices on Boy's & Youth's Overcoats
AGES 5 TO 18 YEARS
Hoys' Ovcrccr.ls, worth $7.00 and $8.00, now $5.45
Boys Ovcrrcats, worth $9.50 and $10.00, now ....... $6.45
Boys' Overcoats, worth $15.00. new $8.95
l"; n mis m;d enemies alike reencnized
Ihe lore'" of his personality ami the
!.n!i' influence h- h:ul in nioldinu
public thoncht an.I p"rpose. His
pa' i !( -tfs-;i iind devotion to his coun
try will Inn:: be remembered by all
his Hihuv litizms, while his sturdy
todav to Colonel Roosevelt, termed
Ii 1 1 ii "the greatest American of his
day." "a personification of the Amer
icanism of which he was the most
douehty champion." "one of the great
est ligures of our time." and "the list
mail to claim that he was always wise,
MEN'S WOOL SWEATERS
$3.95
A clean up that could enly
be featured at the end of the
year, at this special saving
Values to $6.00. V necks or
with collars, in white, grey,
cardinal, navy. All sizes,
$3.95
MEN'S KHAKI SHIRTS
$1.65
Men's Shirts, made of heavy
khaki; W cellar attached
two button.- three pockets.
Regular $2.00 values; sizes
l4!2 to Wz $1.65
WOOL UNDERWEAR $1.29
GARMENT
Men's Shirts and Drawers.
Salmon eclor, in the famous
Cocper make; always reliable.
All siz2s. Regular $1.75 gar
ment, each $1.29
WOOL UNDERWEAR $1.75
Men's grey wool underwear
Shirts and Drawers. Regular
$2.50 garment. All sizes $1.75
WOOL UNDERWEAR $1.95
GARMENT
Men's White Cashmere Un
derwear, in shirts and drawers,
all sizes. FJ, & L make, which
stands alone in better under
wear. Regular $3.00 values.
Each $1.95 THE EISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1919.
THREE
h
ARIZONA'S FIRST REPUBLICAN INAUGURATED
1
I
SOCIAL " FUNCTIONS!
CANCELLED; OTHER
OFFICERS QUALIFY
Influenza Situation Prevents
Holding of Reception After
Inaugural: Governor's Two
Sons Reported III
(Continued from Page One)
mediately following the inaugural
ceremonies.
Governor's Address
Governor Campbell spoke but brief
ly in taking over the office which on a
former occasion he hail relinquished
after a long fight. His address was as
follows: -
The privilege accorded me in ap
pearing before you the second time
to take the oath of executive office
demonstrated that the determined
will of a free people has been made
manifest To the people or Arizona
1 consecrate my whole service, rever
ently invoking the help of Almighty
God for strength, wisdom and fidelity.
With the termination of the world
war Arizona, in conjunction with
everv other state in the Union, is on! the Price of liberty.
the threshold of a period or recon
struction. Individuals, as well as the
state, must pursue different courses
4
A.
ICOAST CHAMPIQ
HOLDS
list
m
ill
mi
SMALLER LEAGUES
ASK DRAFT CHANGE
V
, . i -.
mf ......
- . -.1-
OPPONENT STEADY
Dago Joe Turns Out to Be
Gus Pappas, Star of Mat;
.Dixie Held for Two Hours
by Lighter Man
K
' I. in .it in" -i mi r- " tJ
time could break it all downr
Eternal Vigilance Needed.
"Eternal vigilance." Patrick Henry
told the Burgesses of Virginia, "is
Eternal vigi
lance was the price then, and it is
the price now. That vigilance is not
something to be marked and main-
from' those imposed bv war condi-1 tained simply by those charged with
iriefrioe- -ni Vhpo iipt an.) ! the conduct of public business and
perplexing problems; public policies! with U-e occupancy of public office
which have been adequate in the past It is to be maintained by you and
will now be hopelessly ineffective.
by me.
The wtorld has been shaken to the I !t is not long now till our boys
foundations, and while the bedrock of! be flocking home. These boys
our bodv politic remains intact, the j tave fought a good fight. , They have
shattered walls of o.ir clvilzation ; learned big lessons. Comradeship
must be rebuildedr The structure with all the nai ions of the world will
which will replace the demolished one i have taught a lesoa of brotherhood
must be of such materia! a.id con-it''- we Lave missed. Class prejudice
struction that it can never be rent:"n ra' Prejudice have been ehm
asunder by any force of man. j ns'tel he menace or a common foe.
We will do well to heed the warning Sacrifice iu a common cause brings
or one of our eminent statesmen: I brotherhood to men. . In France, in
"The one danger of any reconstruct England, in Italy, our boys have found
tion is not the invention of the hu- j co-operation, and pray God they may
man mind; the danger is ia letting ! ""d in America, the co-operation of
go the old before the new i tested. I ever- American to the end that they
The ship must not be allowed to drift. ( Spt- nt onl-v "a scluare deal but more
We must be sure that we have the than a l deal to compensate for
power to take us in the new direction '; tbo supreme sacrifice they have made
before we let go the anchor. The lu service for civilization,
nation is ripe, not so much for any! Arizona, with its vast, undeveloped
one change in its way of doing things, ! demain, offers magnificent opportuni
as for an extension and broadening j ties to her returning men. These op
of its own old way. We shall recon-pcrtunities are now knocking at our
struct, build anew, for a broader de-J doors; they are writing for an iuvita
mocracy in wfclrh nvn will K-arn ; tion to enter. With proper organiza
more perfectly to work together, not J tion and co-operation and zealous ef
fof the malt iag of a great state, nut, fcit on the part of cur national an'J
on the contrary, for the making of state governments, the reclaniiion
more s If owned and growing indi-tuf our vast deserts can be made a
viduals. . j reality. Now is our opportunity to
Serious Problems of Peace. i fight a battle of development b
Thinking nipn a-i.l .nnwn fcnnw ih!-hich th men who went acro-a fr:.-
"Dago Joe! ' Humph! That's not
his name. That's Gus Tappas, the
; midulev.eight champion of the l'acilic
cop.-t. I didn't know what I was up
;ugiiust until Just belore i wen: on
the niiit. then I was told by a good
I frietni of mine."
j Krr.est Dixie thus expressed himself
! last night following his match with the
j classiest man Hisbee over has seen in
action on the mat. PappaR, or Dao
! Joe, r.s he is known here, was chain
I lightning in action, a wizard at get
I ting holds where it seemed Impossible
1 to obtain them and time after time
wriggled out of positions where a less
clever man would have had his
I j , ,,, . shoulders put to the mat by his larger
pose to recommend and unte sucu " 1 .,,, ,,,,..,
action to the incoming legislature. I - " ' , " . uZ,'"
match, held last night nt the
and economically conducted with all . , . ,.,.. ,, i,
Dixie went after his man la the
first few minutes of the bout as
GOVERNOR THOMAS E. CAMPBELL
plodue my whole support to a sound ; ', , ,.,,
business administration, efficiently i 1 a .
o.l w.nr.-.i.f.llv onnrliwlo.l with nil UrOIla
duplication of efforts consclidjted.
"dead wood" cut out, and pensioner?
though he mant to finish him in a
first few months of peace will present ;
problems equally or more serious than
icose wnicn couironteu us prior to ;
our entry into the war. It was much j
easier to sever the business and finan-;
cial interests of our loyal men and i
send them abroad to perpetuate lib
erty than it will be to receive back I
glory that
amhit'on.
is waiting to re'.vard our
"GREAT LOVE" PROVES
WAR LEVELS RANKS
If the time-worn saying, "1-ove levels
seas for us may Deaeut. j i c ;
struction of coed rouds and o'l..'
permanent irupruemor.ts in ciiy.
I county and state, presents methods
whereby we cai develop our slate
; and advantage them.
Capital-Labor Problem.
Bv reason of her major industry.
and return to them the business and , copper mining, Arizona Is tonirouted
financial interests they left. They ac more than some other states by the
complished nobly the mission we sent ' capital-labor problem. Product a
them to perform. Now, the first duty j metal that has been vital to the 'ircse
or every American man and woman i cution of the war, she must neces
is to the thousands of men who willigarily be brought face to face virh
shortly return. "The war is done but the immediate realization of a (re
cur duty is not done." j mendous demand for copper. This
Upon our success in reconstructing problem is charged wltn great dii'fi
our legislation and industries to best j tulties and will require the con. ciei'ti
fit the need of o.ir returning soldiers, ! ous effort and patriotic s:icrilice of
will rest the stability of the restruc-1 both employer and emptoyee to bri:u
1 I . U .. U .. 1 1 . 1 .i i . ... I A
" " " - (.uiuiiuihc luci auuui a cuiuhmiii piuiuiu ujiu.i v in ii i aj ranks, 'Qte true, the newer one.
. . ,..v nvi..,. ii.u-r iuru . f aua uiti.t uuid.u an ctiiiauic uujiini
have fought and have been ready to ment
die to preserve our liberty. Can we j I reiterate with strong conviction
insure them liberty when they return; :ny assertion of two years ago that
to our shores? every employer anj every wage-work-
Anarchy possesses Russia. Itler must be guarantee J his liberty and
threatens Germany and Austria. Italy ' hi-i risiit to do ts he likes with his
and France may easily be contaminat-1 property or his labor, so long as he
ed by the same evil. Violent reform- j does not infringe upon the righl3 of
ers of any body politic, whether they j ethers. Kaeh must refrain from arbi
be known as I. W. W. or bolsheviki, : trary and dictatorial interference wih
are enemies of civilization and liberty.; ihe right of ; lie ether. Public opinion ! ..
Decause iney are enemies of civiliza- can be.-.r muih weight in the-soiutiou
tion and liberty, because they are ' of ti c industrial problems, it be
enemies or o-der; they are enemies J hooves every citizen or the state to
or equal opportunity; they are ene- acquaint liiiuself with the industrial
mies of equality; they are enemies of : situation so tl.at he. may intelligently
everything for which this war has ' am! patriotically exercise his right of
been fought, and their proper piace i 'citizenship in helping mold a policy
in arms beside the kaiser- They have j which serves the test interest of the
no place in our battle line because ' employer, the employed and the public,
tney are your enemies and mine. Do' The people of the state have le
you realize th cost in life, in treas-' wan. led reform in the a Jministration
ure. In mistakes, to make nation jo.' its various departments and insti
orderly, self-governing and free? It i tutions ami a full measure of return
has taken a century and a half to : for e.ery dol'ar expended. To ac
briag this nstion to the place that it complish this end legislation must
occupies today and yet a fraction of be enacted immediately. It is my pur-
eliminated.
Constructive Educational Laws. ; tr,.e However. Joe appeared to Dlav
A government resting upon the will with him, stalling . and lolling around
and universal suffrage of the people with ease and as rapidly as the light
bus no anchorage except in the j heavyweight took hold, wriggling out.
people's intelligence. The greatest ' He did head spins, turrfed somersaults
safety and glory of a state is the uni-j made a pinwheel of himself while
veisal education of its people. A com- j lying on his back and otherwise went
plete and thorough education fits a j through a series of cortortions which
man for the performance of all public j delighted the crowd and soon had
and private duties in peace or war. i Dixie on his guard. As time advanced,
Arizona is still molding a permanent Joe worried his larger opponent by
educational system. In the adminis-1 rubbing his nose and heeling it with
tration of existing laws, she has been j his hands, keeping cn until Dixie's
steadfast, but the laws are faulty and nose was bleeding. Alter one of
insufficient and need rectifying. With j these clinches in which Joe had given
this in view, I shall advocate con-! Dixie's nasal organ a particularly hard
structive legislation fo the ednoa- j massage, the men came to their reet
cational institutions of this state. and Joe danced away, slapping Dixie's
We have a particularly complex, nose slightly. Dixie lost his temper
system in our large alien population. 1 and slapped back open-handed. For
The standard or alien citizenship, not i a moment with open hands the men
only in this state, but in the nation, milled. P.oth had clenched their fists
and a fight was imminent when the
referee cautioned them and the match
was resumed. There was action in
every minute of the two hours, both
men working hard.
Dixie narrowly escaped neck scis
sor holds on four or five occasions.
Immediately after the bout had
-,f ot-r s'jite has been so critical csjbcen declared a draw. Dixie rushed to
ne r-restni. In this anxious fcourTrfhe front of the stage and announced
l:.ke the helm of ytur ship or state. ' that the supposed unknown was the
! as;: ycur forbearance of such mis-j coast champion. He issued a chal-i-V?
as I may unwittingly make, lenge to Pappa3 for a sicie bet of
aid I crave your support in all things i $li00. Pappas accepted, provided that
i pi?v undertake for the benefit or i Dixie put up the money,
tfii-, commonwealth, if together we '"I will wrestle Dixie any time and
;Ji ove unequal to our duties now, our any place ir he puts up the money.
:li::r.!e wijt be cxmsiensnrate with the , I will nut wrestle for gate receipts
;C-.sihi!ities piesented by the great- nsain," he said later. "I hope to get
ncss ol tur natural resources. IT, to-, on with some other good man here
getl:-r v e nrove equal to these duties, ' and I hear that there are a couple
the-i a s'ate surpassed by none in , of good wrestlers among the soldiers
wealth, worth and power will be the i in Dougla. I want to take them on
i (11" Review I.f-.is.K Wire)
I CINCINNATI. Ohio. Jan. . Ke
I qin'su tLal changes be ui.ide in the
I draft provision or" the national agree
i rneut as well as in the provisions con
cerning optional agneiuenU on b:;se
: la:l players, made by a committee
i from the National Association ot liase
ball clubs, was the principal business
be'ure the national baseball cominls
' sii n here ti.day.
! Following the presentation or the
I requests by A. L. Teaniev, preMdent
! ijf the Three I league and chairman
j of the commit tew, the commission
promised to see that the matter was
' presented before the joint meeting of
' the National and American leagues at
New York on January 1H. but refused
: to state whether they would be in
; dorsed or di.-approvedr
! The national commission did not
i hold any election today. Chairman
; August Herrmann, iii i; is annual ad
, dress, recomnended that a reorganiza-
tion he deferred until after the joint
meeting of the two leagues or until
one of several ideas relative to a re
cruanation of the commission or a
substitution of a one-man commission
coul.l be definitely determined upon.
Itefore the commission adjourned
Sunday the following noticed was
issued:
"All national agreement players are
notified that the power of their re
spective 1918 clubs to retain ftem for
this season, as reserved by the vari-
I ous ciuo, w in ne respeciea ui oruer
that the organization or major and
minor leagues and the equipment or
the respective clubs may be retained
and Ihe resumption of the game can
be effected without impairment to the
interests of clubs or players."
Your money in our Bank will be absolutely se
cure, and making more money for you working
day and night, rain or shine, whether you are sick f
or well or taking a vacation.
4C ON SAVINGS ACCOUNTS
Bank with us.
n-Ci!'H?
L. J. OVERLOOK, Brbker
Correspondents: Paine, Weber & Co-, Boston, Duluth, Calumat.
LOGAN & BRYAN, NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STOCK
depends upon how we direct their
education. Therefore, we do well to
look to. and carefully direct our edu
cational system in such manner that
we may develop a high state of Amer
ican citizenship of the material which
comes to ui from roreign lands.
o peiiL-d in the history and iortunc
A. J. CRAIG, Independent Gasfitter.
ALL KINDS GAS WORK MY SPECIALTY. Gat Water Heater and
Ranges installed and repaired. Gas piping work guaranteed. Price
reasonable. Phone 268, care H. E. Wootton, Res. Phone, Black 702.
HEARTS OF WORLD AT i
EAGLE THERTER FRIDAY
"Hearts or the World." D. W. Grif-,
fitU's latest masterpiece. The biggest
event in tha entire season in the
world ot motion pictures, will be the
presentation ot D. W. Griffith's latest i
rilm masterpiece, "Hearts or the
World," accompanied by large orches
tra. At the Eagle theater three davs
commencing Friday.
s "Hearts ot the World" required 18
months in the making and many of
the scenes were taken on the actual i
battlefields of Fraa.ce by Mr. Griffith, '
with the official aid and assistance of
the British and, the French govern
ments. Mr. Griffith, however, is anx
ious to remove any apprehension that
"Hearts of the World" is primarily a
war picture. It is, he announces, pri-
marily a love story, in which war fig-.
ures as tlie grim background. j
-Feed Company
Phone 121
Office Below Copper Queen Hotel
CONFIRMATIONS HELD U.
before I leave this part of the coun
try." There were three preliminary
events, the first being between two
small boys, brothers, who put on the
gloves and slugged three rounds, mak
ing good spoil and amusing the
audience.
W. A. Kingsley and Steamboat Pill
wrestled, the latter winning the last
two falls and the match.
Johnnie Hughes and Johnnie Mey
ers put on the other preliminary, ex
hibiting considerable "Den." Huehes
"War levels all ranks," is doubly t0ok the first fall in six minutes and
true. Tnis is plainly sliown in David -Meyers the last two in five and two
Wark Griffith's special production for nimutesf respectively.
Artcraft. "The Greater Love," which
is io be displayed at the Grand the
ater next Friday, Saturday and Sun
da. This remarkable picture was
REFEREES DIES.
Central Theater!
i LOWELL- Continuous 1:00 to 11:00 p. m. TODAY
Triangle Film Corp. Presents
CLARIE ANDERSON
-m-
"The Gray Parasol"
Se just why they were all after the parasol.
Also, for a good taurh see
"WON BY A FOUL"
AdulU 18c, war tax 2c, total 20c
VI Children 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
(By Rvlew Lraifd W1r
PHILADELPHIA. Pa.. Jan. 6. John
liimeii largely in tlie nomes ana on j. McGuigan, a widelv known boxing
the country estates of several of the , referee and matchmaker, died todav
,1.1.. r... ..r .. I .1 ....... . . ...
imt-u i i.i.-K.im, i-wu mo , nr ine Aorristown nosmtai lie xn
actors" in nianv of scenes are mem-! 41 venrs old
hers of the nobility, who have given
their all to the prosecution ol the war.! JACKSON DEFEATS STOUSH.
turned their magnificent homes over! .
to the governnu-iit for hospital pur-1 ,rtv Ttovjpw I.e.isfd wire)
poses and sacrificed pvpry thought of j PHILADELPHIA. Pa., Jan. 6 Wil
self, every indulgence in pleasuie, to ; iie Jackson of New York knocked out
aid and to do tlieir part in the great Dick Stoush ot Cleveland in the Tirst
struggle for human liberty and free-1 round of a scheduled six-round bout
rtv Ftevlew Leased Wl")
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6. Confirma
tion of the rank of army officers, many
of wlioni were given promotions for
10 war period, must await action by
fongress cn the bill for the permanent
jrmy,. Secretary Uaker said today,
i "ir congress provides for an army
61" half a million men," said the secre-;
tary, "that would provide a much 1
larger number of places for colonels,'
majors, captains, etc. So far as I
know, it will take care of all the j
regular army men."
Mr. Baker added that all members!
of concress with whom he had talked
had expressed themselves as favoring!
legislation providing for an army of
5u0,00() m.:ii. j
WOOD
Bisbee Fiiel and
Feed Company
Phone 1 1
Oifice Below Copper Queen Hotel
1
J
ddiii from autocratic despotism
This remarkaBle photoplay portrays
the awakening from a lethargy that
had been produced by the conditions
In the "piping times of peace." bring
ing out the wonderful character and
nobility of purpose, the self-immolation,
the letting down on the bars of
caste on the part of the noble familes
or the empire. Chier among the high
here tonight.
LEAVES LARGE FORTUNE.
Iflv Review I." UFe.1 Wire)
HEAL MONT. Tex.. Jan. 6. The
will or Mrs. Ilelora Gates or Port
Arthur, widow of the late John W.
Gates, was probated here today.
After naming nearly 50 beneficiaries
...
as Fired Water Heater
For Attaching
to You)
Range 'Boiler
social celebrities of England, who are ranging trora JaUO.HOO to her brother
conspicuously shown in this photo-j ' Illinois to 1200H each, given em
plav, are Queen Alexandra, Countess ployes. amounting in all to ll.300.0O0,
Masserene, Lady Lavery, Lady Diana ! Mrs. Unt.-v? bequeaths the remainder
Manners, reputed to be the most beau-j f the property to her niece, Delora
tiful woman in England; Miss Eliza- j f. wngell of St. Charles. III.
beth Asquith. dauehter of the former'
prime minister or England; Lady EAGLE THEATER HAS
aanyUtrs. Wlr! COMEDY DRAMA TODAY
In the hands or Lillian Gish. Robert
Harron ar.J Henry B. Walthall.
RED CROSS MEMBERSHIP.
(Ilv KpvIpw T.eaax) Wlu)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 6 Incom
plete returns on the Red Cross Christ
mas roll call given out today by the
Pacific division headquarters shows
a membership or 7S0.0T6. Of this.
California has 717,894. Arizona 42,C3 ,
and Nevada 19.4S9. The roll call cam-
ptiign will continue until January 10.
"We Should Worry!" a William Fox
comedy drama with the world-fmous
Jane and Katherine Lee as .stars, w ill
be the attraction at the Eagle theater
today. Supported by a specially se
lected cast of adults, the marvelous I
child actresses will appear in a ro
mantic photoplay with a mingling of
humor that is guaranteed to inako ev
erybody laugh.
Provides abundant supply or
hot water at reasonable cost.
Call at our store and ask for
demonstration, or make re
quest for representative to call
upon you.
Ijl. . !
; i ,
P ' i rl
Bisbee Improvement Co.
REVIEW WANT AOS
BRING RESULTS
1 FOUR
TIIE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1919.
V
BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
Published Every Day Except Monday,
jy the State Consolidated
Publishing Company .
. MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
The Associated Press Is exclusively
entitled to the use for re-publication
of all news dispatches credited to i!
or not otherwise credited to this
paper, and also, the local news pub
lished therein.
All rights of re-publication of spe
cial dispatches herein are also re
served: Entered as Second Class Mail Matter
at Bisbee, Arizona, Under Act of
March 8, 1879.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES, PAYABLE
IN ADVANCE
Per month. $ -75
Thsee months 2.25
Six months 4-00
Twelve months 7.50
Sunday (our weekly) per year 2.50
Sunday (our weekly) per quarter .75
No Subscription Taken Less Than 75c
Taps
Taps has been placed for America's
most militant spirit. Colonel Theodore
Roosevelt, author, orator, politician,
statesman, hunter, trapper, rancher,
explorer, soldier, student, diplomat,
husband, father.'and twenty-Bixth pres
ident of the United States.
His experience ran the gamut of
human activities. He was militant in
everything he attempted; militant to
the extent that he entered into his
task with the determination to do.
Generally he succeeded.
Beyond his militancy, was another
characteristic. He was kind, gentle
hearted, generous. He was typically
American.
The nation has parted with one of
its greatest citizens. Colonel Roose
velt will be missed in every part of
the country. His Tearless voice, his
vigorous pen, will no longer give men,
in every part of the globe, the frank
words for which he has become noted.
The smile which accompanied his
"dee-lighted" will be lacking.
None but admired Colonel Roose
velt. Perhaps all did not agree with
his views. It may be that at times his
frank words have rankeled tempers
and ruffled minds. But the fearless
ness with which he attacked every
subject and every objective, com
commanded the admiration of the na
tion. . Colonel Roosevelt was yet a young
.man when he died. Against odds, he
battled from a sickly youth to a vig
orous manhood, and throughout the
years of maturity he continued his
fight for health. More than any one
factor, this lead him to open fields,
the streams and grass and trees and
keift him interested in travel, ex
ploration and the field.
Recently he was forced to renew his
fight against ill health. For several
months he has waged a hard battle,
and when, on the day preceding
Christmas, he. was released from the
hospital, his friends hoped he would
scon re-appear, the vigorous, out-of-door,
athletic man they had known.
He died as he lived; militant and
courageous.
Even thus would Colonel Roosevelt
have died under any circumstances.
Warning
Our eighteen months in the war cre
ated almost in a trice a vast army of
Liberty bond buyers, owning seven
teen billion of new securities. Prob
ably 80 per cent or more of the sub
scribers never owned a share of stock
or a bond before in their lives. A very
large number have paid for them in
installments. ,
As is well known, every wildcat
promoter, swindling land shark and
dealer in the bogus and the counter
feit, have leaped to snatch the rnag
nificeut opportunity for graft " and
plunder which this army presents. Al
ready their winnings are said to be
enormous. In one section of a west
ern state, it is reported, not a single
Liberty bond remains. They have
been "exchanged" for some tempting
oil or mining stock, corner lot or op
portunity to share in the profits of
some "greatest invention of the age."
It is a crying shame, and the capital
issues committee and Secretary Glass,
have done a genuine service in draw
ing public attention to this situation
and warning people against fie "flood
cf worthless or doubtful securities
which threaten the market when pres
ent restrictions are removed." ,
Legislation is suggested, but It Is
one of the most difficult games in the
world to combat. Restricting stock
and bond issues In peace times is a
heavy and troublesome task. We do
not see why Secretary Glass, for ex
ample, might not very well exercise
the authority of his position and issue;
a bulletin, which might be published .
in ever;' paper in the l'nit,ed States ;
and placarded in every postoffire and i
other public, building in the country
and kept there, warning 1 lie unwary
i.iil.li,. ut'uinsl these nefarious Dick-
pocket schemes and c iting by name ;
mid case a large number of these
frauds, wLlch the postoffice depart-'
ment has already unearthed. This
would at least tend to focus attention
upon the matter and put the unsus
pecting public on its guard.
Bonds Restored
When the cruiser San Diego was
sunk, off Fire Island on July 9, she
carried to the bottom with her about
$100,000 worth of Liberty bonds, the
property of members of her crew. The
owners of the bonds had no opportun
ity to save them when the ship went
down, and there Is no expectation that
they will be recovered.
The treasury department has held
last week that "destruction of the
bonda has not been established by
clear and unequivocal proof;" the
bonds are technically "lost," not "de
stroyed." Under these circumstances
duplicate bonds cannot be issued by
the department The losers can ob
tain relief only through an act of
congress, especially designed to reim
burse them.
The situation Is complicated by the
fact that members of the San Diego's
crew has slight opportunity to act in
concert. Some of them are quitting
the service. Others have been or w ill
be transferred to distant stations. In
the routine of naval life these suf
ferers from an enemy's attack will be
scattered to the four quarters of the
globe and unable effectively to pre
sent their claims.
This being the case, the congress
should immediately enact a law auth
orizing the treasury department to re
place the lost bonds. To postpone
this act of justice would mean hard
ship for men whose investment in
Liberty bonds, made out of small sur
pluses, was an incident of one of the
most encouraging developments of
the war, the American fighting nan's
readiness to back himself against the
Germans. Tucson Citizen.
The Soldier Farmer
An article in Collier's National
Weekly, which usually proceeds with
care in the discussion of current
events, is something of a departure.
Speaking of "soldier settlements"
that is, the conversion of soldiers, or
those of them that may so elect, into
farmers Collier's takes a fling at Ari
zona, where it surmises it is proposed
to grant to the returning heroes "a
nice patch of desert." The inference
doubtlessly intended to be drawn is
that to send a soldier to Arizona is a
poor reward for the sacrifices he
made, the risk he undertook and the
hardships he endured.
We think that Collier's neither un
derstands Arizona, nor has followed
closely the various plans suggested
for the settlement of the soldiers.
Amohg them is not the old time-honored
proposition of the government to
bet the soldier. 160 acres of land
against $16 that he can not make a liv
ing on the ground, sometimes, and too
frequently, the government won. It
was able, though, to make that kind
of a bet, but the soldier to whom $16
was a good deal of money, could not
really afford to enter into that sort
of wager, especially under conditions
in which all the "breaks" would be
against him.
There has been no proposition to
settle the soldier on desert land in
Arizona or elsewhere. It is not pro
posed to grant land, good or bad, to
iiim and then leave him on his own
resources. While' it has not been de
termined how the settlement shall be
effected, several plans, all calculated
to make the soldier-farmer successful
and prosperous, are under considera
tion. Among the plans, it is proposed
not to give him the land at all, but
to sell it to him on such terms as
will enable him to pay for it. Various
plans have been suggested for ad
vancing money to give the soldier
farmer a start. And that is not all.
it is proposed to teach the 'soldier
how to farm if he does not know. If
he does know the rudiments of farm
ing, to teach him to apply modern,
scientific methods.
More than a dozen plans are already
in effect in the British dominion, no
two of them quite alike, but all cal
culated to aid the settler. Out of
these undoubtedly our government
will evolve one. Arizona Republican.
What little feeling of forgiveness
there was in this country for the
crown prince has pretty well been dis
pelled by the rumor that be plays the
concertina.
Gertrude Atherton says diplomacy
is still secret, Mrs. Atherton has evi
dently called the roll of delegates to
the impending peace conference aud.
like the rest of us, found no Womeu j
iu jj,
It is unfortunate that Victor IturRcr j
is busy defending himself In federal
, rt m ihwtimn 11b U 1 lm nrevent-1
ed from joining Mr. Hearst, In New
York, on the reception committee for
the returning Yanks.
RED
CROS
WOMEN TO ASSIST
I
More Red Cross workers in the sew
ing rooms of the Warren district is
the crying need of the women In
charge of these rooms, who have is
sued a new call to the patriotic help
ers who during the period of war did
so much to assist in carrying on the
work. Especial attention is called by
the women to the need at this imme
diate time.
Calls from the Red Cross headquar
ters for this district are for 500 boys'
and girls' shirts to be delivered as
soon as possible. The call declares
that this order is imperative, and that
unless the garments are received at
once, as many little children of the
newly liberated areas of France and
Belgium will suffer from severe cold.
In addition an urgent call for pa
jamas, and for knitted garments has
come to the local Red Cross head
quarters. Hospital garments and oth
er articles which the Warren district
has been turning out in the past are
still in demand, declares the call.
Last week, according to women who
were in charge of the sewing rooms
in the Elks' club building, two workers
came to assist in the turning out oi
these much needed garments. In the
other sewing rooms in the district an
equally small attendance was report
ed, and f6r the past several weeks, the
women declare, it has been practically
impossible to find assistance.
'We do not wish to believe that the
women of the district are slackers."
declared one of the workers from the
Elks' club" headquarters yesterday.
"Rather we are inclined to believe
that they just do not realize that our
work here is not half completed that
until the United States and others ot
the allies can go to the assistance of
these nations, we, the women of the
United States must carry on the work.
'We have to have workers. It is
imperative that we have workers. If
the women of the district knew that
we have this work to do and then do
not respond, we will then know wheth
er or not to classify them as t-lack-ers.
We have the work and we are
endeavoring to let them know vvs hive
it. If our efforts are in. vain at the
end of this week, and if our attend
ance is not as large as we should have,
we will be justified in our decisions.
We believe, howevea implicitly in tae
women of this district, and are confi
dent when they learn of the work to
be done, they will turn out with a
heart and ready hand."
LOWELL OFFICERS
STAMP OUT GAMES
A marked change in gaming activi
ties in Lowell has taken place in the
past few days, according to officers
in that city. Where gambling in alt
its branches flourished. semi-openly a
short time ago; where men lost their
last dollar in a game of chance; where
trivial difficulties were settled by
fighting, are now quiet and peace. And
the campaign against open gambling
will be continued until the vice is com
pletely exterminated, according to
Chief Deputy Sheriff Tom C. Foster.
'It will take some time, of course,
Deputy Foster said yesterday, "before
we will have the vice situation in Lo
well completely under our control, but
it is our intention to continue our ac
tivities in this line with a more strenu
ous effort than heretofore. Bootleg
ging must absolutely be abo.ished in
the district if our wives and daugh
ters are to have the proper protec
tion on the streets and in their own
homes, and wo mean to take the
necessary steps to bring about that
end."
Traffic laws in Lowell are also to
undergo a change in that parkins of
automobiles will be prohibited in cer
tain sections. It is proposed thai the
dead line for parking in front of the
Phelps Dodge company store be
lengthened so that it will include the
entire entrance to tne store, n is
pointed out that service curs between
Bisbee and Lowell discharge- passen
gers at that point and that when one
or more cars are parked near the cor
ner it blocks traffic on the street lead
ing to and froiu'the depot and vicinity
and makes it dangerous for podes-
rians.
HEALTH BOARD FORMS
REESE TAKES HIS OATH
Following administration of the I
oath of office to Dr. H irry A. Reese I
as superintendent of the county board
of health, the board was organized in
Tombstone yesterday morning; in ac
cordance with the statute. I. ('. E. Ad
ams, chairman of the board of super
visors, i:: president of the healtii
board; Robert N. French, county at
torney, is the vice-president; Dr.
Reese, ex-offic;i(, holds the position
of secretary.
Following his return her.-, Dr. ileese
said he had no announcement 10 make
at tins time, tnoucn laier, iien uc
had received the supplies and familiar
ized liimselt with conditions, it was
pOSSiif he might be in position to say
something for public ion
Dr. Reese succeeds Dr.
C. H. Hunt
who has. signified his willingness to
i surrender tin? supplies of the otfiie at
j once and l hey piobably will hi de
livered to Dr. Koss sumo time touay.
SEW G
ROOMS
0 EtTQRalph Ellinwood
0 mlVO js With Yankees
Ralph E. Ellinwood, son of Mr. and
Mrs. E. E. Ellinwood of Bisbee, has
arrived safely from the interior of Ger
many, where he was held prisoner and
is now beyond Strassburg, capital ot
Alsace. Word of his safe arrival with
in districts controlled by the allied
troops reached his parents yesterday
in a cablegram from James S. Doug
las, with the Red Cross in Paris. The
cablegram said: ,
"Red Cross representative Strass
burg, reports Ralph passed there Jan
uary second. He may be quarantined
many days before reaching here."
From the message-' and from the
location of Strassburg, it is thought
probable that the former Bisbee boy
is making iris way to Switzerland ami
that he. will reach France by way of
Young Ellinwood was with an engi-
noorinff Fflvlmont In f 1 1 o honrt nf tha
fighting when the engineers stemmed I , nil 11 til SPCIT
the tide of German advance. Hewas!1" Vw 4
captured when the truck he was driv
ing was cut off from his troops. He
has been in a prison camp south of
Berlin for several months.
W.H.Brophy Goes
Through Osborne
W. H." Brophy of Bisbee, who return
ed last week from. France wnere he
has been serviug with the American
Ketl Cross, will pass through Osborn
this morning on the belated No. 3 of
the El Paso & Southwestern, en route
to Los Angeles where he will join
Mrs. Lrophy. He will not stop off
here on the way to the coast.
Several citizens of this district have
planned meeting Mr. Brophy at Os
born, where they will welcome him
back to the west and extend him an
invitation to visit this district at an
early date. At least two, M. J. Cun
ningham and E.. E. Ellinwood. the
former of the Bank of Lisbee and the
latter of the law firm of Ellinwood &
Ross, will accompany Mr. Brophy as
far as Tucson.
Mr. Brophy will spend about a week
in Los Angeles with Mia. Brophy.
He will then return to the Warren
district where he will again meet his
friends. Plans for a reception for hini
upon his arrival, are now being made.
Burglars Rifle
Bisbee Residence
Gaining entry to the residence of J.
M. Ball on Upper Tombstone canyon,
by cutting a hole in the screen door
on a porch in the rear, reaching
through and unfastening the latch
which held it. burglars secured a num
ber of valuable articles. The officers
were notified and are working on the
case.
Mr. Ball stated to the police last
night that a .32 caliber Smith & Wes
son revolver, six silver knives and six
silver forks and a silver coin purse,
were all that he had been able to dis
cover as the loot of the thief or
thieves.
Mr. Ball lives with his brother aim
sister-in-law and no one was in the
house at the time of the robbery, all
being downtown. No clue as to the
identity of the thief has been obtained,
it is reported.
Alcohol Jags Are
Popular Pastime
Severn! Mexicans arrested while on
a pay day "jag" last night, were
found to have on their persons bottles
of denatured alcohol on which the
skull and cross bones denoting the
deadly nature of the compound, was
displayed prominently. The men
ranged in stage of drunkenness from
slightly tipsy to "dead drunk."
One of the slightly intoxicated sons
of manaiia land explained that the
way to drink the poisonous liquid was
to mix it with an equal amount of wa
ter, shake thoroughly and take it
down.
The police also picked up two Mex
icans who wero said to have been in
toxicated as a result of drinking a
mixture of paregoric and water.
Phoenix Puts Ban
On All Meetings
ISlv.-il to TIih Kovli-)
PIIOEMX. Ariz.. Jan. 6 A strict 1
quarantine to combat the influenza The second fire was In the base
situation in this city, was decided j ment of the Woolworth store 011 Main
upon by the city commission of I'hoo- street in Bisbee. at 12::!" p. m. The
nix this afternoon, effective tomorrow loss was nominal. The cause was an
morning. The quarantine provides for ! overheated flue from the he ating
a ban on all galherings..either public j plant.
or private, all cases must be placed
under strictest quarantine and effec
tively isolated, and all schools,
churches and theaters will again be
closed.
Similar action will lie taken in ev
ery p;:rt of this county.
ASSESSORS' MEETING
i.-p,--inl i" Th- Ki-virw ,
PIIOK.VIV Ariz.. Jan. Tlir mi-
nuHl meeting of the assessors of thejnesilay nighi when a class in auiomo- .
v irion enmities nf the state with the bile repair work will open at the high ,
sly,,, tax , iiimissii.n to discuss the ,
niiulinuiu valuations 01 property, was ;
opened here
ail-'rnoon.
at the state house
this j
1
I
; ' ISSUES BANK CALL. !
WASHINGTON. Dec ti The c-ouip
' (roller, ol the eiirivnev tutlav issued ;i
call f :r l.ie condition of ali national ' and it is probable that the i i-.rollmctit ami'iig the p!aers to be honored at
-banks ;it the close of business on ' w III be largo. The class will be uptii , the iiminr ;:e ejing the at.nu.il iu'et
' Tuesday, December ul. 'toauyoLc. , Wi stern Uoif asocial km.
Lack of License CTfFDjM
Embarrass Greek?lum
Failure to provide himself with a
government food administration li
cense, yesterday cost Daniel David,
Greek vegetable and fruit vender,
fine of $2iu in Judge J. L. Winters
court in Lowell.
According to officers he had been
operating in Lowell for some time but
had secured a license permitting him
to conduct his business. He was ac
co-ted by 't hief Deputy Sheriff Tom
C. Foster about 11 o'clock yesterday
morning and asked for hi, license.
Failure to produce it caused his ar -
rest. .
OUDCrVlSOrS Meet
I
ty Perkins, who recently was or -
fered the appointment as county engi-
neer, refused to accept it, because, as
. ... ,. k, f .,.,, ...
he told the board of supervisors yes-
terday in Tombstone, he had decided
to accept the tender of the same office
in Maricopa county. No action was
taken by the board In the matter o:
appointing an engineer to fill this
vacancy.
The board met yesterday in its first
regular session since organization and
attended to a number of matters of
more or less routine nature A few
appointments were made, including
that of George M. Roark of Douglas,
as assistant clerk of the board was
appointed in the Smelter City. No as
sistant clerk of the board was appoint
ed up to the time the local men bring
ing news of the board's action, left
the county seat.
Union of Mexicans
Is Sinister Move
(By Kevli-w I.eased Vir-
EL PASO. Texas. Jan. 6 The Union
of Mexicans which was tormed at Lib
erty hall yesterday by 600 Mexican
refugees, is now believed by federal
officials here to be in fact a move
ment backin;; Gen. Felipe Angeles in
his efforts to bring about a peaceful
I readjustment of Mexico's international
affairs. It developed today that Gen.
Federico Cervantes, who made the
principal speech at the meeting yes
terday, is to be Angeles' chief of staff,
and is an officer of the organization in
New York of which Angele3 is presi
dent. Rumors that Angeles mission to
interview
Villa had the sanction of
the American state department were
denied here officially tonight. One re
port in circulation here is that Ange
les is attempting to have both Car
ranza and Villa retire and have Fran
cisco Leon la Barra serve as provision
al president, pending another flection.
However, it is not generally believed
that Carranza would consent to such,
a proposal. General Angeles was re
ported to have been at San Lorenzo,
Chihuahua, last week to interview
Martin Ixipez. It is not known wheth-
er he had yet seen Villa.
OVERHEATED PIPES
CAUSE TWO blazes;
Two fires caused by defective heat-;
ing apparatus took place in the dis-
tdict Sunday and yesterday. Whue seven scouts appeared at the water
the damage in neither case was great, works and were fired upon by a fed-
they called attention to a condition
which Fire Chief Barney Ait rton. in J
his capacity of fire marsHV wished j
to bring to the attention of the pub-:
lie. Too many carelessly installed '
stoves, with pipes protruding directly
through wooden walls or partitions, or
with the cold air flues directly in con-!
tact with wood rafters, are to be lound ,
in Bisbee he said I
"I have' found a number of places ,
where this condition existed." he said.
"and have railed attention of the prop-
doubtless are many others which r v e,M . n tl
have not had a chance to see. " Plic schools here during I e
It is fooUsh to install a stove pipe 't e.ht or ten years. . d r. PJ.il
in direct contact with wood, or with b- noticed the other day some-
u uii iii . , ' Cr ., , one had wntten a communication to
wood close enough to catch from It. h f(,r
A U. tie prevention may sae many; Ge bu( whopver wrte
fire alarms. I.. ... ... AlA , . . .h.,f .
The first fire took
. ,r . ,k' ,
10:10 at the residence of
tt on Naco .road, near the
morning at
Lee Barne
customs house. The loss on the build
ing was about $75. fully covered by
i.,CTU.....v. . .. - - --
ed stove pipe.
AUTO REPAIR CLASS TO
OPEN AT Hl-Y SCHOOL1
fr
A new departure in the sciuu.l life
of the district will lo witnessed cu-
sclum!. in connection wit 11 the llign-l
coiises.
The c lass will be taught by liluc
Kcanltm. a competent automobile me-
chanic
There has been considei able de
Iniand among the ctplp of tho uislnct
: for a cour.se in automobile repairing
G (SEAR ON SUES
AUTO BREAKS; CAR
ilflPS OVER BANK
) When the steering vnucme on a
sen-ice car, owned by J. L. I'rooks.
and rirlvpn hv Kpnnofh prt pr ttrnkf-
yes'.eruay anernoon aDout a:uu
" "V'U IrtlC UUY.il ,U1U.
! 8toP' wrfd,.t0 Jhe
, troI,;;;r7hV dVved off
: the high embankment and dropped in I
, an upright position. Needier and his,
fu- Passengers, escaped with nothing
! wo than. mlnor lnjur,esh f !
I Three miners were on the rear seat. !
.yesterday afternoon about 3:50 j ... . , roji
o'clock the vehicle which was goin2icourt touay by Samuel c- Pandalfo ot
! i .. : Minnesota. The plaintiff is represent-
Tony Pesikon. a miner, was the mo..!11, T1"' , . VJiL .
. ., , . ... , . . , of the association, was mailed to
badly hurt. His head was bruised. . . . , , .,, . th
hi. .i,f- a banks la ditferent parts of the coun-
"1 lower lip bruised and
: Frank L. Oliver, another
uia uuaiz dkuiucu aim uiuvuicu iiik
slightly cut. j
occupant of
: the rear seat, escaped with slight
1 btuises and badly toru clothing. The
, name of the third man ho was in th
; rear seat, was not learned, as he lett
shortly after the accident. Neither
; Needier, the driver, nor Gsorge Polios,;
,, ' ... ' , . .
(another chau;feur, who was taking a,
j ride with him on tne front seat were
: uu.t Tne car a studebaker "six" I
I as bndly damaged, having one front j
wneel dfKhed. the rear door cn the;
rg!lt side broken off and the fenders I
, bent. Whether there were any inter-
iir damages could not be learned.'
According to Polio., the steering
' gear went wrong while they were com-
; i f dow? U e hill. and !n Bpi,e of tne
efforts of the driver to ccntrol the car,
it went toward the embankment.
striking the trolley pole a glancing
blow, the front of the car was de -
llected from its course and turning
sorely, it plunged front and fore -
.no.-r over tae bank, taking a fa,l of
aucui seven ieei anu laiming uprim
Men residing in the neighborhood.
who had seen the car go over the
Lnk, confiimed the statement.
"I saw the car go over, and came
running with a monkey wrench and
shovel, expecting to tint! it on top of
tne five men. said one man.
"It was a relief to find them safe
and little hurt."
1,1. I . v a., w. . " . . . ....... 1
an American physician at El Valleji
(San Buenaventura). Lhfhuahua. was;
captured December L'S by a Vilis :
Dana "nuer .Maruii uuyez nu iur.r j
v . . . , . .- I t . ,J
to go to Han Lorenzo. 1 mnuamia,
where the wounded from the battle
of Villa Ahumada and Rubio ranch
were being cared for, but had had no
medical attention, accordin? to a
rancher who arrived here today from
El Valle. Dr. Stull was captured by
Lopez end a band of 25 Villa men
after they had looted the town of all
bedding, blankets and supplies for the
wounded men.
Fightine was reDorttd to have oc
MEXICANS CAPTURE!
stjcnificii njmnr:
fll'iLHIbHH UUUIIM
curred last Monday netweeh the Mlla!0n business with the supervisors
! main command and the home guards
' at Satevu. 50 miles south of Chihua
hua City, according to Americans ar
riving hore tonight from tne Mexican
state capital. Tl:e tignt lasted 33
bourn, during which the home guards,
exhausted their ammunition and re-
reated to the hills, leaving their dead
and winded cn the battle field.
j Two Villa scouts were killed New
Year'. right f.ve miles from the plaza
at chihuahua Ciy when a band of
erai guard stationed there.
CERMAN LANGUAGE NOT
PART OF CORRICULUM
Not ''-v . Oerman language
a"Zat 1"11tne1 J,uh',c s' ht,ols . of
he dlst,ct- but t ,cre ha3
been 110 demall1 for Ionian in a num-
years according to S ipt. C. K.
I'hilbrook of the Warren d.str.ct
SCI1IHI13.
'"We have no German classes under-
talking about, that's aM.
whad onc eU in c;
, f
crnuin. sev
eral years ago. it ran lor one year;
didn't even go into the second year.
At that time the reason for not hav
: ing it taught, was not that we were
, prejudiced against the language, but
1 simply that there was no local de
I mand for it. There has been a con
! stant demand for Spanish and French.
; particularly the former. We have had
. and now have classes in in both lan
1 guages."
AWARDED" M EDALS.
1 Hi- Kviw l.ea-il Vir)
CHICAi'.O, Jan. 6. Ked Cross med
als fur golfer who helped the West-
i ern Cntt association collect more
than ? last summer, reached
PreMii-ni l"hari F. Th( uipM'it to. lay
irom mrrc-tt micks. wiii sent re
gret.. that lie wculil ho unable to
pivsetii tli' in at the auaual nvt-iiug
of tn- M'.l association..
Martinis Katun, chairman of liie
Chicago branch of the Rod Cross, will
award 'the medal.- at th - tii jubilee
dinner on January IS. National Cham
pion C ick Kvans, Kenneth IMwanls.
Hobby Jones, .lock Hutchinson. James
llirre.s atitl I!ob Milkmaid will be
STATE Ml
(S
FOR COLD MILLION
(By rtjvlew Leased Wire)
PHOENIX. Ariz., Jan. 6. A million
dollar libel suit naming as defendants
63 banks in this state, constituting the
membership of the Arizona Bankers'
: r .1 o. .
, . . ,. ... . c,
. The basis of the complaint is the pub!
I ,ica,ioof letter J '"1""
d(j f fc asaociatl0n
J pblisbed in a pamphlet of
the association. The pamphlet as all
...,.,.,.,.. ., ,,.,,; r00Hi..
try.
FULTZ IS ELECTED
LEAGUE RESIDENT
(Hy Kevtew Ieaaeu Wire)
vnr vnoi: t ... c t t t vi.l r
V, , ."" ' ' " 'ZZ 1T..-T
prVsidet of the new Internationa
BaSl Lague tt " 11
here tLght M hi ? owa rl
he term was itn.Ued to out
Kutz a lawyer who W3S a former
I coieKe footbaU Btar and American
, ,ea?UtJ outnelier. was president of the
Baseba!1 PlaVers' Fraternity from 1912
; unti, m6 ;.en tnat organimum
, went oul of existeno.. After hls eiec.
tion had been announced Fultz stated
that the headquarters of th league
would be located at 41 Wall street,
this city.
All the clubs of the leaaue. with the
I exception of Rochester, were repre-
j 8ented.
City griefs
STORK PAYS VISIT.
Born to Mr. and Mrs. Albert Lagow,
Saturday night, a daughter.
KNAPP IN TOMBSTONE.
Cleon T. Knapp, attorney for the
I Ca!ura?t & Arizona Mining company.
' was !n Tombstone yesterday on busi-
: uess.
frcm RANC
H.
Kert polity, formerly constable of
, Bishee Drccinct. was in the city
. .
; j e?terday from his ranch near Here
ford.
, GALLAGH ER IN TOMBSTONE.
H. G. Gallagher, auditor for the
Phelps Dodge company, is in Tomb
stone, passing through here on his
way thee.
AYERS VISITS TOMBSTONE.
J. ('. Avers, who has chare of the
buildliu of the city and county jail
here, spent yesterdav in Tombstone
CHILDREN'S HOME MEETING.
The Arizona Children's Home as-
: sociation will meet
tomorrow after
at the home of
. nccn at 1:30 p. m
Mrs. Walter Sieg, in Warren. A'.t
members are invited..
NEW SCHOOL TEACHER.
Mtss Olive Huff has arrived in the
city from Phoenix, to take a position
as tearher In the public schools, and
will be in the sixth grade. Miss Huff
is a native of Arkansas, a graduate
cf the Fort Smith high school and a
woman's college in Mississippi.
TAKES NEW POSITION.
Jess I'cryear, until recently em
ployed in a clerical position in the
V. & A. offices in Warren, has taken
a position with the Y. M. C. A. s
membership secretary. Mr. Puryear
is a good mixer and doubtless ill do
much to bring new members into the
association.
i ALEX McXENZIE DEAD.
Alexander McKenzie. cue of the
first settlers of Hishee and a long
time employe of the Copper Queen as
miner, died December i:i Hyde
Park, a suburb of London. Ontar;o,
Can., acc ording to word received here,
lie was 77 years of age at tfie time
of bis demise. For a number of year
he tad len thing in Hde Park with
his brother. D.iiel M-Kenz:e.
LOOKING FOR BROTHER.
J. K. Hoover, agent lor the Sou'h
eni Pacific company at Mohawk. Anz.
has written to li. J. Wil.x-rt. secretary
' c:t the local miners' union, seeking
to find trace of his brother. James H.
Hoover. He says tha. his brother is
a ncddle aged man. who has lost one
leg in a railroad accident and was.
'according to his u idt rsrand'.ng. a
no ruber of the miners' union here.
H-s mother is much worrci about
his failure to write. Mr. Wiibert re
quested the Reitv, t p::Mi.-h a not-
t it-,- as the man's name does not ap
pear on tne membership of the union.
DISCHARGE ORDERS.
i Hi i:-vi, ir LtMiKsl Vir
W'Af'IIINiITO.V Jn. ii. Command
ers of contoat dhlsions in the I'ni'ed
States were auiiioriz-d tt lay to vii
rharge first trom their forces men
whose allotmeu' pa,.ers h.-w trn
hive dependents and. soi on 1. sin h
Itlt-ll as wttiiitl be al'fci if I advcr.-ely
,11 oblai'tittg civil emoii in.iit a A
resuit of being lu 1:1 further in er ice.
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULT
v .
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1919.
FIVE
v
- !
STATESMEN GATHER
TO BUILD NEW DEM
OCRACY FOR WORLD
(Continued from Page One)
departed for Paris, where they are
due to arrive tomorrow morning.
Mayors Greet President
The most picturesque feature of the
president's visit here was the greeting
of more than a thousand mayors of
cities and towns in Piedmont to greet
him. They came from the hills, the
fields and the valleys, and virtually
every little cross road community was
represented, as well as the larger
cities. Each of the mayors wore a
sash of the national colors. They
represented all walks of life and ev
ery condition of society.
There were among them prosper
ous hankers, merchants, cultured lead
ing citizens, shy countrymen, typical
village blacksmiths and artisians, each
representing the heart of his com
munity. The mayors passed before the presi
dent and each received a smile and a
handclap. Some of the mayors were
so, shy that when they looked In
through the door at the brilliantly
lighted reception room they had to
bo dragged inside by their friends.
Some of them kissed the hand of the
president. Others bent their knees in
low bows. One of the men, as he
passed the president, muttered the
only English words spoken, "Good day
Mr. Wilson."
Thousands Cheer President
Crowds of thousands packed the
square before the palace of the duke
of Piedmont and heard President Wil
son from the balcony deliver a short
speech. The crowd was so great and
was kept so far away, that few among
it probatfly heard the words of greet
ing the president uttered, but none
the less, the people were enthusiastic.
Thousands of hats were tossed in the
air and there was a continuation of
the cries of "Viva Wilson."
Later, at a luncheon. President Wil
son, responded to the welcome accord
ed him, repeated the words of his
Milan epeech Sunday night, dealing
with the sufferings of the working
classes for their part in the war and
telling the men of Turin that while
peace was to be made in Paris, it was
their business to continue to carry
on their efforts for a lasting peace.
SPANISH INFLUENZA--WHAT IT IS
AND HOW IT SHOULD BE TREATED
Nothing New Simply the Old Grip, or la Grippe, That
Was Epidemic in 1889-90, Only Then It Came From
Russia, by Way of France and This Time by Way of
Spain.
Go to Bed and Stay Quiet
Take a Laxative Eat Plen
ty of Nourishing Food
Keep Up Your Strengths
Nature Is the Only Cure.
ALWAYS CALL DOCTOR
NO OCCASION FOR PANIC
Spanish influenza, which appeared
in Spain in May, has all the appear
ance of grip or la grippe, which has
swept over the world in numerous
epidemics as far back as history runs.
Hippocrates refers to an epidemic in
412 B. C, which is regarded by many
to have been influenza. Every century
has had its attacks. Beginning with
1831, this country has had five epi
demics, the last in 1SS9 tiu.
There is no reason for panic in
fluenza itself has a very low percent
age of fatalities not over one death
out of every four hundred cases, ac
cording to the N. C. Board of Health.
The chief danger lies in complications
arising, attacking principally patients
in a run down condition those who
don't go to bed soon enough, or those
who get up too early.
THE SYMPTOMS
Grip, or influenza, as it is now call
ed, usually begins with a chill, fol
lowed by aching, feverishness and
sometimes nausea ond dizziness, and a
general feeling of weakness and (lev
pression. 1 he temperature is trom
100 to 104, and the lever usually lasts
from three to five days. The germs at
tack the mucous membrane, or lining
of the air passages nose, throat and
bronchial tubes there is usually a
hard cough, especially bad at night,
often times a sore throat or tonsilitis,
and frequently all the appearances ot
a severe head cold.
THE TREATMENT
Go to bed at the first symptoms, not
only for your own sake, but to avoid
spreading the disease to others take
a purgative, eat plenty of nourishing
food, remain perfectly quiet and don't
worry. Quinine, Aspirin or Dover's
Powder, etc., may be administered by
the physician's directions to relieve
the aching. But there is no cure ot
specific for influenza the disease
must run its course. Nature herself
will throw off the attack if only you
keep up your strength. The chief
danger lies in the complications which
may arise. Influenza so weakens the
bodily resistance that there is danger
of pneumonia or bronchitis develop
ing, and sometimes inflammation of
the middle ear. or heart affections.
For these reasons, it is very important
that the patient remain in bed until
his strength returns stay in bed at
least two days or more after the fever
has left you, or if you are over 50 or
not strong, stay in bed four days or
more, according to the severity of the
attack. -
EXTERNAL APPLICATIONS
Iu order to stimulate the lining of
the air passages to throw off the
grip germs, to aid in loosening the
phlegm and keeping the air passages
open, thus making the breathing eas
ier, Vick's VapoRub will be found ef
fective. Hot, wet towels should be
applied over the throat, chest and
back between the shoulder blades to
open the pores. Then VapoRub should
be rubbed In over the parts until the
skin is red, spread on thickly and
covered with two thicknesses of hot
flannel cloths. Leave the clothing
loose around the neck as the heat of
the body liberates the ingredients in
the form of vapors. These vapors,
inhaled with each breath, carry the
medication directly to the parts affect
ed. At the same time, VapoRub is ab
sorbed through and stimulates the
skin, attracting the blood to the sur
face, and thus aids in relieving the
congestion within.
HOW TO AVOD THE DISEASE
Evidence seems to prove that thi3 Is
a germ disease, spread principally by
human contact, chiefly through cough
ing, sneezing or spitting. So avoid
ing crowds common drinking cuds,
(roller towels, etc. Keep up your bod
ily strength by plenty of exercise In
the open air and good food.
KEEP FREE FROM COLDS.
Above all, keep free from colds, as
colds irritate the lining of the air pas
sages and render them much better
breeding places for the germs. Use
Vicks VapoRub at the very first sign
of a cold. For a head cold, melt a lit
tle VapoRub in a spoon and inhale the
vapors, or better still, use VapoRub in
a benzoin steam kettle. If this is not
available, use an ordinary tea-kettle.
Fill half full of boiling water, put in
half a teaspoon of VapoRub from time
to time keep the kettle just slowly
boiling and inhale the steam arising.
NOTE: Vick's VapoRub is the discov
ery of a North Carolina druggist, who
found how to combine, in salve form.
Menthol and Camphor with such vola
I tile oils as Eucalyptus, Thyme, Cu-
bebs. etc., so that when the salve is
I applied to the body heat, these ingre
: dients are liberated in the form of
j vapors.
I VapoRub is comparatively new in
New York state and New England aud
! a few western states, where it is just
! now being introduced, but in other
j sections of the country it is the stand
i ard home remedy in more than a mil
lion homes for all forms ol cold trou
I bles. Over six million jars were sold
I last year. It is particularly reeom
f mended for children's croup or colds.
I since it Is externally applied and
j therefore can be used as freely as de
I sired without the slightest harmful
! effects. VapoRub can be had In three
j sizes at all druggists.
Special
Shoe .
Offer
FOR MEN
After invoicing our shoe stock, we find we
Have en hand 78 pairs of $6.50. $7.00 and
$7,50 dress shoes. All of broken line3.
THESE WILL BE PUT ON SALE MONDAY AT
$5.95
MAKE YOUR SELECTION EARLY
KOBEY'S
"MEN'S OUTFITTERS"
Opp. Postofifce
The war had been won, the presi
dent said, at a great price not of
blood and treasure alone, but of suf
ferings and hunger of women and
children and the loss of hopes and
ambitions, all of which made neces
sary the guarantee of a lasting peace.
Pass Out Pamphlets.
While the demonstration for Presi
dent Wilson was in progress in front
of the palace several men circulated
among the crowds distributing
pamphlets in Italian containing for
mer President Roosevelt's comment
on President Wilson's 14 points for
peace. At one point of the march
through the city the air was filled
with fluttering papers which turned
out to be arguments addressed to
President Wilson, pointing out why
he should support Italy's claims to
Dalmatia and to other territorial ex
pansion, v
The president evidently was in good
spirit throughout the day, although
he was tired from constant travel and
speochmaklng. Nevertheless he en
ten d into the happy spirit of all the
demonstrations, at times leading the
bands with gestures, while the crowds
cheered. At one time he threw kisses
to the crowds with both hands.
PRESIDENT RESTS.
TURIN, Jan. 6 (By the Associated
Pi ess.) The royal train with Presi
dent and Mrs. Wilson and party
aboard stopped about midnight at the
staiion of Sant'uia, almost widway be
tween Milan and Turin, where it re
mained until 7 o'clock in the morning,
in order to permit of a good nigat's
rest for the president.
The approaches to the Santhia sta
tion were well guarded and access to"
the statu u was forbidden. The train
Mas also .uurdej by secret service
men aud Italian carbineers and police.
Turin, Hit capital of the dominions
of the House of Savoy the ancknt
capital of the kingdom of Sardinia,
which became the kingdom of Italy
prepared an enthusiastic reception for
the president. Thousands of work
men took part in the demonstration.
They gathered behind the lines of
solJiers and together with other civil
ians, crowded all the streets through
which the presIJential procession
passed. I'.rilliant decorations adorned
all the buildings and flags and ban
ners waved everywhere.
Provide Koyal Quarters.
King Victor Emmanuel had, placed
at the disposal of President and Mrs
Wilson the royal palace, and car
riages were in waiting to take them
tnere. Senator riola, mayor of Turin,
had invited all the mayors in the de
partment of P:eili;nt to join in hon
ing the pre:n'.;r and America. AH
of them accepted the invitation and
.;re among tnose who welcomed the
corning of the i-retiJp.it to Turk1.
'l t-e batteries a the hill announced
tiie resident's rrrival at 9 o'clock,
and alter the formal greetings the
party proceeded, amid acclamations,
to the municipal palace where the
president was presented with a parch
ment granting to him the freedom ol
the city and similar documents grant
ing him citizenship of all the com
mutes of Piedmoiit.
The mayors o'l these communes.
some of whom had traveled over Al
pine glaciers, formed an exceedingly
characteristic group of several hun
dred. For the most piirt they were
i rxal mountaineers and qur.intly at
tired. All wore across their breistj
the tri colored sr.sli, which is ieir
iiiii.miiii ot ttike j
A lui'.ci-eon in honor of Fresirlent
Wilson, of several hundred covers,
was served in the vast hall of the Phil
harmonic academy.
1 myself. I want to re-echo the hope
that we may all work together for a
i treat peace as distinguished from a
! mean peace. May I suggest that this
t la a prnat Haul in fliv thnnphta
"The world is not going to consist
new cf great empires. It is going to
consist for the most part of small na
tions, apparently, and the only thing
that can bind small nations together
is the knowledge that each wants to
treat the others fairly. That is the
only thing. The world has already
shown that its progress is industrial.
You cannot trade with people whom
you do not trust and who do not
trust you. ;
Receives Encouragement
"Confidence is the basis of every
thing that we must do. and it is a de
lightful feeling that these Ideals are
sustained by the people of Italy and
by a wonderful body of people such
as you have in the great city of Milan.
It is with a sense of added encourage
ment and strength that I return to
Paris to take part in the council that
wili determine the items of the peace.
I thank you with all my heart."
From the balcony of La Scala, the
president spoke briefly as follows:
"1 wish I could take you all to some
place where a similar body of my fel
iow countrymen could show their
heart toward you as you have shown
me your heart toward them, because
the heart of America has gone out to
the heart of Italy. We have been
watchful of your heroic struggle and
of your heroic suffering and it has
been our joy in these recent days to
be associated with you in the victory
which has liberated Italy and the
world. Viva Italy."
ADDRESS AT MILAN.
By Kei-iew Leaspa Wirrj
MILAN, Sunday, Jan. 5. President
Wilson, tpeaking at the station on h's
arrival, s-iid:
"Ladies and gentlemen: You make
my heart very warm indeed by a wel
come like this, and 1 know the
niHcance of this sort of a welcome in
Milan, because I know how the hearts
of Italy and of the Italian people beat
strong here. It is delightful to feel
how our thoughts have turned toward
you, from not a new but an ancient
friendship, because the American
people have long felt the pulse of
Italy beat with their pulse, with de
sire for freedom.
"We have been students of your his
tory. We know the vicissitudes and
struggles through which you have
passed. We know that no nation has
more steadfastly held to a single
course of freedom in its desires and
its efforts than have the people of
Italy, and theiefore I come to this
place, where tne life of Italy seems
to beat so strong, with a peculiar
gratification.
Speaks for Americans
"I fet I that I am privileged to come
' into contact with ynu. and 1 want you
to know how the words I am uttering
of sympathy and of friendship are not
i my own alone, hut they are the words
, of the people whom I represent.
1 was saying a little whiie ago at
the monument of Columbus that he
did .1 great thins, greater th'in was
ever realized at the time it was done.
He discovered a new continent not
only, but he opened it to tilt- children
of freedom and these children are now
privileged to come hark to their moth
er and to assist her in the high ent"r
prise upon which her heart has al
ways been set. It is therefore with
the deepest gratification that 1 find
' myself here and .thank you for your
generous w i-h-ome."
WORK FOR GREAT PEACE
Illy K- l. Wee)
MILAN. Sunday. Jan. In speak
ing to a large delegation ntueh wel
comed him at t!i' nival palate today,
i President Wilson said:
"I cannot tell ou how intieli com
plimented I am by your coining in per
son to give i lie this greet in?. I have
never known such a greeting as the
people of Milan have given me on the
streets. It hs brought tears to my
eyes, because I know that it comes
fiom their hearts.
"I can see in their faces the .-aine
IhinKf that I feel tow ai d them and 1
know that it is an impulse f itH'Tr
fricndtJitp Inward the nati'Mi I repre
sent as well as a gracious welcome to
PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS.
Oty Review Leased Wire)
GKNOA, Sunday, Jan. 5. Speaking
today at the monument of Mazzini,
President Wilson said:
"1 am very much moved, sir. to be
in the presence of this monument.
On the other side of the water we have
studied the life of Mazzini with almost
as much pride as if we shared in the
glory of his history and I am very
glad to acknowledge that his spirit
has been handed down to us of a
later generation on both sides of the
watur.
"It is delightful to me to find that
I am taking some part in accomplish
ing the realization of the ideals to
which his life and thought were de
voted. It is with a spirit of venera
tion, sir, and with a spirit, 1 hope, of
emulation t.;at I stand in the pres
ence of thin monument and bring my
greetings and th'e greetings of America
with our homage to the great Maz
zinL" In accepting the gift of Mazzini's
works from the municipality, the
president said:
"Mr. Mayor: It is witn many feel-
.ings of a very deep sort, perhaps too
deep for adequate expression, that I
find myself in Genoa, which is a
natural shrine for Americans. The
connections of America with Genoa
are s.i many aud so significant that
in some sense it may be said that we
drew our life and beginnings from
this city.
Natural Relationship.
"You can realize, therefore, sir, with
what, emotion I receive the honor
which you have so generously con
ferred upon me iu the citizenship of
this great city. In a way it seems
natural for an American to be a citi
zen of Genoa and I shall always count
it among the most delightful associa
tions of my life that you should have
conferred this honor uponme and, in
taking away this beautiful edition of
the works of 'Mazzini, I hope that I
shall derive inspirationi from this
volume as I have already derived ad
vice from the principles which Maz
zini so eloquently expressed.
"It is delightful to feel how the
voice of one people speaks to another
through the mouths, of men who by
some gift of God have been lifted
above the. common level and, there
fore, these words of your prophet and
leader will, I hope, he deeply planted
in the hearts of my fellow countrymen.
There is already planted in those !
hearts, sir. a very deep and genuine '
affection for the great Italian people
and the thoughts of my own nation
turns naturally, as we read our his
tory, to this delightful and distin
guished city.
"May I not thank you, sir, for my
self and for Mrs. Wilson and for my
daughter, of the very gracious wel
come you have accorded us, and ex
press my pride and pleasure."
ReVers Columbus.
Speaking at the monument of Co
lumbus, the president said:
"Standing In front of this monu
ment, sir, I fully recognize the sig
nificance of what you have said.
Columbus did do a service to man
kind in discovering America and it is
America's pleasure and America's
pride that she has been able to show
that it was a service to mankind to
open that great continent to settle
ment, the settlement of a free people,
of a people who because they are free
desire to see other peoples free and
to share their liberty with the people
of the world. It is for this reason,
no doubt, besides his fine spirit of
adventure, that Columbus will aw ays
bp remembered and honored, not only
here In the land of his birth, but
throughout the world, as the man who
led the way to the fields of freedom,
which, planted with a great seed,
have now sprung up to the fruitiflca
tion of the world." i
ROCKHILL'S STAGE 1
Bisbee-Tombstone. Leaves Bisbee,
Bis bee Auto company, 7:45 a. m., 1:30
p. m. Phone Bisbee 5. Adv.
r
PAY CASH-PAY LESS
PURE OLD FASHIONED
UCKWHEAT
B
5c
Ih
XfLro
BUCKWHEAT CAKES ARE SURE FINE
THESE COLD MORNINGS
. ANGIUS
PURE FOOD GROCER
Phone 29 ,
U. S. Food Administration License No. G-16109
DANCE
EAGLES' CLUB
Every
Wednesday and Saturday
EAGLES' HALL
DANCING 8:30 P.M.
LONG'S ORCHESTRA
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Train Held Up by Flower Girls
Bride Marches to Altar
as
Grocm late detained to put a cottage-wanted-to-rent
Ad in The Review Clas
sified Columns!
r
Fight to Win!
The Nation demands strong
men strong women and robust
children. Wisdom suggests that
every proper means of safeguard
ing the vital forces and building
up of resistance, be utilized.
SC0TTS
EMULSION
a Hords definite help to those who
are "fichtins to win" azainst
,the inroads of weakness.
Scott's, abundant in tonic-
nutrient properties, builds up
. the body by Nature's methods.
:6cott&Jtownc.Blgmfield.N.J. 18-14
j WHEN YOU SUFFER
I FROM RHEUMATISM
(The Arizona Corporation Commission does not recommend the slocks, bonds or other securities ri'iVred
for sale by this, or any other company.) (This clause required by Commission on all stock advs. iu Arizona.)
r a er
TO BUY
STOCK
AT
laUsMiQ
CENTS
Almost any man will tel! you
that Sloan's Liniment
means relief
For practically every man n.is ucd
it who has suit (-red from rheumatic
achrs, soreness of muscles, stillness of
joints, the results of weather exposure.
Women, too, by the hundreds of
thousands, use it for relieving neuritis,
lame backs, neuralgia, sick headache.
Dean, ref resiling, soothing economical,
quickly effective. Say "Sloan's Lini
ment" to your drupgist. Get it today.
in the company that is MAKING GOOD. Only three more days at 5c. January 1 1 th
you will have to pay 7c and, not later than February J st, price will be 1 0c per share.
WHY THE ADVANCE?
Because Home Oil Company is now drilling at depth of approximately 1200 feet.
Any minute now our big 1 2 J2 'ncn hit is very likely to penetrate the oil-bearing strata
that is known-to exist in the Chino Valley, and then watch Home Oil Company stock go
to $5.00 per share, or even higher, over night.
SOME REAL FACTS
HOME OIL COMPANY HAS THE MOST COMPLETE, MODERN, STAND
ARD DRILLING EQUIPMENT THAT MONEY COULD BUY. HOME OIL COM
PANY IS DRILLING EVERY DAY. The discovery well in Chino Valley penetrated
oil sand, showing thickness of 1 I 0 feet and this sand carried high-grade paraffin base
oil. Improper handling of water in this well is the only reason why Chino Valley is not
at this time one of the GREATEST OIL PRODUCING areas in the southwest.
Home Oil Company is going to bring in the first producing oil well in the state of
Arizona.
We know the oil is there, and we are GOING DOWN EVERY DAY "to set it.
Home Oil Company is offering best speculative OPPORTUNITY, RIGHT NOW
that has ever been presented TO YOU.
Home Oil Company's success does not entirely deperd on Chino Valley. This
company has 1 60 acres of land in the HEART of the great Ranger Ol belt in Texas.
We are going to develop our Texas holdings.
Home Oil Company has 320 acres in the Holbrook field, which his been endorsed
by geologists of national reputation, and where four differer.: coir.panies are now drill
ing with standard equipment.
Can you beat this chance?
DRILLING IN CHINO VALLEY
LAND IN TEXAS
LAND IN HOLBROOK FIELD
And for Next Three Days Stock at 5c per Share.
GET IN NOW WITH THE COMPANY WHOSE HONESTY OF ENDEAVOR
CANNOT BE CRITICISED. The company that is making good. The company that
will use your money for honest and intelligent development or the resources of Ari
zona; Arizona is on the verge cf GREAT OIL BOOM. GET IN BEFORE IT IS TOO
LATE. We accept I3 cash. Balance, 30 to 60 days.
MOM.E OIL COMPANY
PRESCOTT iHcmtcr Cumfccr Oil iKincs of Arizona) ARIZONA
Bisbee Office: COPFER QUEEN HOTEL CLDG. Open Evenings UntJ 9 p. m. SIX
THE BIS BEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1919.
ROUGH RIDER HERO
CHOOSES BURIAL 1
PLOT AT OLD HOME
(Continued from Vage Two)
ley's physician and one of Roosevelt's
staunches! friends.
Organized Rough Riders
The famous Ttousjh Kiders were
organized by Wood and Roosevelt
a band of fighting men the mention
of whose name today suggests imme
diately the word "'Roosevelt..' They
came out of the west plainsmen,
miners, rough and ready fighter who
were natural marksmen, and Wood
as
Iw FUNDS
DD
NAVAL RECORDS DIS- i HUNDRED MILLIONS
. . . . . . . - mm Ti r r f i r fcTnrTw r An
RELIEF IN EUROPE
dent by the largest popular vote a
president has received.
Thus Roosevelt, sometimes called
a man of destiny, served for seven
years as the nation's chief magistrate, i became ibHr colonel and "Teddy
In a subsequent decade the fortunes I he had become familiarly called by
ot politics did not favor him for, again the public, their lieutenant-colons,
a candidate for president this time In company with the regulars of the
leading the progressive party, which aimy they took transports to Cuba,
he himself had organized, when he dif- j landed at Santiago and were soon
fered radically with some of the poli- i engaged in the thick of battle,
cies of the Republican party in 1912 I Among the promotions which this
he went down to defeat. William How-1 hardy regiment's gallantry brought
ard Taft. Woodrow Wilson, democrat. ' about were those of Wood to briga
was elected. ' dier-general and Roosevelt to colonel
Colonel Roosevelt's enemies agreed ' and this title Theodore Roosevelt
with his friends that his life, his char- cherished until the end. Some of
i 1 Mia Ufiiivfo Hir itru fitrtuojl rhu mill.
j tary escort when he was elected presi-
; dent a few years later.
New 1 When Cuba had been liberated,
in a ; Roosevelt returned to New York. A
the I gubernatorial campaign was in su'S.;
He w ith the republican party in need of
ttni one of four children who came , a capable caudidate. Roosevelt was
to Theodore and Martha Bullock nominated. Van Wyck, his demo
Roosevelt. The mother was of south-1 cratic opponent, was defeated. The
ern stock and the father of northern. reforms Roosevelt had favored as
a situation which, during the early i assemblyman he now had the oppor
years of Theodore, junior's boyhood j tunity to ron sinuate, together with
was not sllowed to interfere with the. others of more importance, and it
family life of these children during was during this administration that
the Civil war days. j he is said, first to have earned the
So frail that he was not privileged . hostility of corporations. When the
to associate with the. other boys in ; republican national convention was
his neichborhood. Roosevelt was tu- held in Philadelphia in lO0 his
acter and his writings, represented a the
high type of Americanism.
Born in 185S
Of Dutch ancestry, born in
York citv on October 27. 1SS8,
house on East Twentieth street,
baby Theodore was a weakling.
tored privately in New York and dur
ing intervals on which his parents
took the children abroad. A porch
gymnasium, at his home provided him
with ohvsical exercise, with which he
combatted a troublesome asthma. His!
father, a glass importer and a man of
means, was his constant companion.
party in New York state demanded
and attained his nomination for vice
president on the ticket with William
McKinley. In November of that
year this ticket was elected.
Retained McKinley's Cabinet
The policies of McKinley, Roose
velt endeavored to carry out after he
succeeded the former upon the presi-
he kept a diary; he read so much
UiBlo.y XTT " k "v dent's tragic death at the hands of
venture that lie was known as a book- "
u .i.iv!..i..ac. i.m " assassin. nooseveu reiauieu ma
worm; he took boxing lessons he was erte0.ssor-s rabinet as his own and
an amateur f naturalist; and at the age, ambassadors and
of 17 he entered Harvard unnersity. ,r ,
There he was not as prominent unfatn. whom McKinley had ap
: ,ulo.. .. .. pointed. As much as two years be-
SOme ULIiriS IU ail Olimu ...... - .
is not recorded that he "made" the
lmsphfllt and football teams, but his
puny ba&" had undergone a metamor
phosis and before graduation he be
came one of tiie champion boxers of
the college. This remarkable physi
cal development was Vraphasiied by
something which took place shortly
after he left Harvard in 1880. He
went to Europe, climbed the Matter
horn, and as a result was elected a
member of the Alpine club of London
an organization of men who had
performed notable feats of adventure.
First Wife Died in 18S4
A few months after his graduation
Roosevelt married Alice Hathaway of
Boston. She died in 1SS4, leaving one
child, Alice, now the wife of Rep
resentative Nicholas Longworth of
Ohio. In 1S86 Roosevelt married Miss
Edith Kermit Carow. of New York,
and to them five children were born
Ethel, now the wife of Dr. Richard
fore the presidential campaign of
1904 republican organizations in
various states began endorsing him
as their next candidate.
It was thus that "the man of des
tiny" idea became associated with his
life. Ostensibly. Roosevelt, leaving
the governorship of New York to be
come vice-president, was moving for
ward from state politics into national
politics, so his political opponents
professed publicly to believe; but it
was their secret desire to "shelve"
the man and eliminate him from
prominence in their own community,
it was said that prompted these politi
cal foes to obtain for him the vice
presidential nomination, which he
personally did not desire.
At the height of his public and po
litical career, during the four years
of the term for which he had been
elected, Roosevelt accomplished
achievements which historians will
Derby, and four sons. Theodore, jr., j rank high in the international and in-
Kermit. Archibald and Quentin.
The public career of the man who
was to become president, began not
long after lie left college. His pro
fession was law, but the activities that
were to come, left him no time in
which to practice it. In 1882, 1883
and 18S4 he was elected to the New
Nork state assembly, where his ef
forts on behalf of good government
end civil service reform attracted at
tention. When the republican na
tional convention of 1SS4 was held
in Chicago, he was made chairman
of the New Y'ork state delegation.
After this experience he dropped
out of politics for two years. Going
west, he purchased ranches along the
Little Missouri river, in North Da
kota. an1 divided his time between
out door sports particularly hunting,
and literary work. Here he laid the
foundation for his series of books.
The Winning of the West." which
was published from 18S9 to 18&8,
and of other volumes of kindred char
acter. Defeated for Mayor
Returning to New York he became
the republican candidate for mayor,
in 1886. He was defeated. Presi
dent Harrison appointed him a mem
ber of the United States civil service
commission and President Cleveland
continued him in this office, which he
resigned in 1S95 to become New York
city's police commissioner.
"A thing that attracted me to this
office," Roosevelt said at the time
he accepted this appointment, "was
that it was to be done in the hurly
burjy, for I don't like cloister life."
Honesty was the watchword of th;s
administration, and the two years of
his occupancy became memorable
through the reforms he inaugurat
ed, attracting the nation's attention
white holding a position which was
obscure in comparison with the
events to come. Illicit liquor traf
fic, gambling, vice in general of
dustrial progress of the country. They
included his influential negotiations
which, conducted at Portsmouth, N.
H., effected peace between Russia
and Japan; maintenance of the Mon
roe doctrine at a period when Euro
pean powers were interested in the
affairs of Venzuela; the recognition
of Panama as a republic and his
treaty with Panama by which the
inter-oceanic canal through that
country was put under wayf and the
settlement, through his moral influ
ence in the face of a situation in
which there was not adequate federal
legislation, of the Pennsylvania coal
mine strike.
Given Noble Peace Prize
For his part in terminating the
Russo-Japanese conflict he was
awarded the Noble peace prize in
1906. Four years later, once more
a private citizen, he was special am
bassador from the United States at
the funeral of King Edward VIII of
England.
A right in the friendship between
Roosevelt and his successor at presi
dent. William Howard Taft, led to
the former's announcement of his op
position to Mr. Taft's renomination.
The cx-president's influence had been
large in placing Mr. Taft in the White
House. Now his influence was equal
ly strong in preventing Mr. Taft from
remaining there. Men who had
clashed with the Taft policies quickly
rallied to Roosevelt's support. - Roose
velt assembled what he termed as
constructive ideas as opposed to the
conservative ones of the so-called re
publican "Old Guard." characterized
them with the description "Progres
sive" and organized the progressive
party by withdrawing with his follow
ers from the Chicago convention of
1912. He became the new party's
candidate for president. This split
in the republican ranks resulted in
Woodrow Wilson election.
One of the most dramatic incidents j
Roosevelt s lire occurred aunng
to save orphans:
To assist in the sustaining and rear
ing of orphans which the Warren dis
trict has adopted through its local or
ganization of the Fatherless Children
tof France, and to raise additional
F funds with which to carry out the pro-
gram of work during the Coming year,
(.the local Fatherless Children of
I Fiance committee p'.an several social
events for the next few weeks. The
j first of these events will be held next
! Ftid'y evening at the Warren district
Country club when a dance, scheduled
for the first of last Octoiier but post
poned because of the Influenza epi-d-mic.
will be held.
Residents of the district last year
through their generosity assisted in
the support of many children in the
devastated areas of France. Some ot
the children were adopted by families
which paid intcKthe fund regularly the
funds necessary for their sustenance.
The remainder were adopted by the
community at large through the local
committee, and funds for their sup
port were secured by local contribu
tion and through moneys obtained
from social ewnts. The most suc
cessful of these events was a dance,
given at the Warren park, and pro
viding nearly $1000 for the fund.
To maintain the work which the dis
trict at large has contracted for the
next year it will be necessary to raise
at least $2000. This will not be gotten
through local subscriptions, but as in
the past through dances, card parties
and similar entertainments which will
be arranged by the women in charge
of the work, and which will be an
nounced from time to time as the
plans are completed.
It is pointed out by the women of
the committee that with the comple
tion of this year's program the dis
trict's debt to the children which It
has adopted will have been practical
ly discharged. By the end of this
year, they say, the work will have
been completely taken over by the
Red Cross and other allied interests,
or by the governments of the liberated
areas. When this time arrived, resi
dents of this country who wish to be
relieved of their responsibilities, will
be released from further contributions
to assist the orphans.
OF SAN JUAN HERO,
Co".!lni:',il fr.im I'as On.)
lory and his condition had not given
cause for especial concern.
"On Sunday he was in good spirits
and spent the evening with his family,
dictating letters, lie retired at 11 p.
in. and about 4 a. m. his man. ho
occupied an adjoining room, noticed
that while sleeping quietly. Colonel
Roosevelt's breathing was becoming
very heavy.
"He died almost instantly without
awakening from' what seemed to be a
natural sleep. The cause of his death
was embolus.
"UU. G. W. FAI.LEK.
"DR. JOHN H. RICHARDS.
DR. JOHN F. HART WELL."
intinue.i frum T':i - n-
be made by allied countries 'I hey
alstj were understood to have ex
pressed doubt whether the country,
in view of the heavy wjr lax. and
another loan next spring, would ap
prove of a direct gift of :my part of
the money, or be abl to sustain adj
ed financial burdens.
As filially approved, the bill give'
the president discretionary authority
in the expenditure of the fund, which
may be u-ed as a revolving fund until
next June :!0. and provides that while
food shall be given free to starring
people unable to pay for it. "t'le ex
penditures will be reimbursed so far
i'.s possible by the governments, or
subdivisions thereof or the peoples
to whom the relief is furnished." j
For Accurately Fitting Glasses
SEE DR. SCHELL, OF TUCSON, AT THE
COPFER QUEEN HOTEL
On Wednesday and Thursday, (January 8-9th)
Special Attention to Children's Eyes
POLISH LIBERALS !
SIEZE GOVERNMENT j
BUT ARE DEFEATED,
(Continued from Page Oiiel
DEMOBOLIZATION PLANS
CAMP LEWIS. Tacoma, Wash., Jan.
G. All of the 91st division, the first to
be trained at Camp Lewis and com
posed of national army men from
Washington, Oregon, California, Utah,
Montana, Colorado, Idaho. North and
South Dakota, Nevada and Alaska,
will not be sent here for demoboliza
tion when the division returns from
overseas, officers here said today.
Men from Colorado and adjacent
states probably will be sont to Ft.
Logan. Colorado.
chief-of-staff. Sheptitski, refused to
permit the army to be used for politi
cal purposes.
Arrest Tails of Purpose
After the arrest of the ministers, of
ficers dressed as civilians went to the
Hotel llristol at 3 o'clock this morn
ing, arrested Colonel Sheptitski and
ordered him to go to the Palace de
Saxe. When he arrived at the head
quarters, he oidered the guards to ar
rest the men who had arrested him.
This was done. Sheptitski also told
Prince Sapieha that he would not per
mit the army to take part in politi
cal matters. r
A group of the opposition forces
went tT the Belvidere palace, where
tney were arrested when they j said
they had come to speak with the new
ly fo'rnied temporary government.
General Pilsudski at 5 o'clock this
morning went to the Palace de Saxe
and had a brief and heated conver
sation with Prince Sapieha, the up
set of which was that the prince
agreed to drop his attempt, provided
that his officers and other aides were
not arrested.
It was also promised that the min
ister would be liberated. It would ap
pear that Ignace Jan Paderewski
know that the attempt would be mad?
and that he went to Cracow, in order
not to be present.
General Pilsudski has sent for Pad
erewski for a consultation to the new
cabinet.
Prince Eustache Sapieha-Rozanski
is S7 years old and comes of an old
Lithuanian and Polish family. He is
head of his branch of the house and
is married to Princess Theresa Lubo-mirska.
Americas foremost
breakfast cereal
Grapdluts
Rich to .the taste
Satisfying to the
appetite.
DR. EDWARD COLHAH
Chiropractor and Osteopath
NERVOUSNESS AND RHEUMA
TISM A SPECIALTY
Office in Johnson Elock, opposite
Johnson Add. Car Stop.
BARRETT
twer-Lasnc itoonn:
See advertisement on inside cover of Saturday Evening
Post of August 3. We have a full car in stock
Bisbee Lumber Co.
E1V.IL MARKS, Mgr. Lowell Car Stop PHONE 23
Mrs. Jones Is hen
VOICE BUILDING, TONE PRO
DUCTION and the ART OF SING
ING. From the beginning to the
highest perfection. Free voice trial.
Phone Green 721-4 for appointment.
Copper Queen Hotel and High-Pass Cafe
The best of everything at reasonable a la carte prices.
A Special 60c luncheon daily. Also $ 1 .00 dinner from
5:30 to 7:30 p. m. Regular Board by the month, $45.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
r
ers, Americanism, Nationalism, con
servation of womanhood and . child
hood, animals, exploration, the world
war and America's participation in it
and his autobiography. His hunts
for big game and his zest for explo
ration tool; him into the American
west, the heart of Africa and the
wilderness of Brazil.
FEE MISERABLE
FROM THAT COLD?
Colds and coughs are quickly
relieved by Dr. King's
New Discovery
Nobody should feel "perfectly mis -erable"
front a cold, cough or bronchial
attack for very long. For it takes only
little while to reiievc':t and ret back
en the road to recovery when Dr.
King's New Discovery is faithfully
used. It soon loosens the phlcjm, re
lieves irritation, soothes the parched,
aore throat, brings comfort.
Half a century old and more popular
today than ever. 60c and $1.20.
Make Your Bowels Behave ;
Mate them function with gratifying
precision. If regulation of the dieC
does not relieve their torpidity Dr.
King's New Life Pills will. They are
perfect bowel trainers, cleanse the
system surely, comfortably. 25c
ni'i'i
. UUlb! !
REUEFLN9 BUSTER!
It .Soothes and Relieves Like a '.
Mustard Plaster Without
the Burnor Sting
Mustcrole is a clean, whits ointment,
made with the oil of mustard. It does all
the work of the old-fashioned muEtnrd
plaster does it better and does not b!i
ter. You do not have to bother with a
cloth. You simply rub it on and usually
the pain is gone 1
Many doctors and nurses use Mustcr
ole and recommend-it to their patients.
They will gladly tell you what relief it
gives from sore throat, bronchitis, croup,
stiff neck, asthma, neuralgia, congestion,
pleurisy, rheumatism, lumbago, pains
and aches of the back or joints, sprains, ;
sore muscles, bruises, chilblains, frostec'
feet, colds of the chest (it often pre-
30c end 60c jars; hospital size $250.
(The Corporation Commisison does not recommend the stocks, bonds, or other securities offered for sale by
this or any other company.)
Lei
ink In
9?
When the United States Oil & Refining Company "brings in a commercial well on
their property in the BOWIE OIL BASIN, just across our county line to the north, the
stock which ycu can buy for 20 cents per share will soar above $5.00 and then some.
Is this just HOT AIR to sell stock?
SURE, by every natural probability.
Is it possible? It is normally and sanely
WHY?
lull riB uvs rj
i ITT KfM)RITP I X HIP Of I TJ rr?fl UUfll E I
thnea evile lift YMtrtwA 1 ho CI t V in tll .. . . . .
.. , - . mis campaign, as ne was leading a
face of corrupt political opposition, j holei in Milwaukee, to go to a meet
anci the reputation he established as in(; hal to make a political address,
a reformer won him the personal se-1 a man standine among the spectators
as.in the street fired a shot which
in
lection by President McKinley
assistant secretary of the navy
1S97. A year later the Spanish
American war broke out.
The Roosevelt temperament did
not allow the man to retain a deputy
cabinet position with war offering
something more exciting. Leonard
Wood, now a major-general In
France, was then President McKin-
Instant
Postum
builds heatth
satisfies ihe
critical taste
struck the colonel and smashed a rib.
Roosevelt insisted he was not seri
ously hurt and his automobile con
veyed him to the hall. There he
spoke to an audience which had
knowledge of what had happened
sobbing women and grave-faced men
shaken with emotion by his appear- i
ance under such circumstances. Ex-
aroination of the wound showed it
was serious and the candidate was
hurried by special train to Chicago
for treatment. Though he speed
ily recovered the bullet was never j
removed. The assassin was sent to i
an asylum for the insane.
Roosevelt after leaving the White !
House devoted his life largely to liter-1
ary work, hunting and exploration.!
He became contributing editor to The
Outlook in 1309. continuing this for
five years, and latr held editorial po- j
sitions with The Metropolitan and
the Kansas City Star.
From 1SS2 to 1917 he published
about 50 volumw of works cover
ing the wide range of naval history,
hunting, biography; the Rough Rid-
ANNA EKOLA
(111
FOOT SPECIALIST
Hack again, at the Lowell
Drug Store. Will be' liere for a
short time only, as I am due in
Globe, Miami and Morenci. Have
had lots of inquiries as to when
I was coming hack. The jieople
know 1 can do the work and not
try to get by with a lot of hot air.
My mcato. "Limp in and Walk
Out." stin holds good,
LOWELL DRUG CO.
9 A. M. TO 9 P. M.
DANCE Tonight
BROPHY HALL -LOWELL
Dancing
8:15
Everybody
Invited
Music by Arion Orchestra
Seven Pieces
GREAT VICTORY
SALE
Goats, Furs, Dresses
and Waists
Coats, $35.00 to $48.00, now.. $24.95
Coats, $50.00 to $65.00, now.. $37.50
Seal Sets Scarfs and Muffs,
regular $65.00 and $75.00,
Special $29.9b
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN
DRESSES AND WAISTS
Sale Commencing Today. Will
Last One Week
FRUITMAiTS
FASHION SHOP
Tailors for Men and Women
Phone 74 Main Street
Opposite Wells Fargo
Because we have struck a ten-foot stratum of rich, high-grade fluid paraffin base
oil sand and at 7 1 4 feet encountered the harder capping that necessarily encases the oil
pools beneath. Here the capacity of our ri g was exhausted.
We are now making payments on a Standard Rig and casing to drill through this
capping. We will complete these payments and get this rig to drilling within two weeks
That's why we are selling stock to finish these payments.
Another month and we penetrate and pass this la3t bulwark that stands between
-us, that includes you, and fortune.
This is a geological certainty. Never in all prospecting for oil has THE CHAR
ACTER OF OIL SANDS failed to overlay commercial pools of oil. History will re
peat itself here. It requires just this one step and you stand with us inside the en
chanted frontier, the sun-lighted highland of fortune. This is your hour of fate.
Oil has the brightest future of any other business, for the demand for oil in 1918
consumed the entire output of the United Sstates and twenty-one million barrels of
storage oil, with a larger demand in the future. This is the oil age.
What will it mean to Arizona and Cochise county in particular when we develop
the oil that we have encountered to a commercial quantity?
It is urto the citizens of this locality and the taxpayers in particular to assist he
UNTED STATES OiL & REFINING COMPANY to put Arizona on the map as an oil
producer.
Everyone knows the enormous profits that are made in stocks bought in an oil
company that becomes a producer. The people in this locality would be more bene
fitted by an OIL BOOM on account of the close proximity to the Bowie Oil Field.
John D. Rockefeller says: Get in while you can; the average man thinks a thing
worthless or it would not be offered him.
Btjy while the buying is good and invest ahead of the drill.
$ 5.00 cash and $ 5.00 for three paydays buys 100 shares.
$12.50 cash and $12.50 for three paydays buys 250 shares.
$20.00 cash and $20.00 for four paydays buys 500 shares.
$50.00 cash and $25.00 for six paydays buys 1000 shares.
There is only a limited amount at the present price, so see at once any of our agents.
TONKIN & CAULFIELD
COLLINS & BRETHERT0N
FRANK T3RIGGS
- Sasse's
Jack Bldg.
- Lowell
J THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1919.
SEVEN
DAILY REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head at the rate or 1 cent per word each issue, with a minimum charge of 25 cents.
Advertisements must reach Tie Review office not later than S p. m. for Insertion in next morning's paper.
Wanted ;
WANTED To buy. United Arizona
stock. State your price in your re
ply. Box A Z, Review. 730
WANTED Small cook stove or coal
range. Phone Green 840. 714
WANTED Three or four room furn
ished house or apartment in War
ren. References exchanged. S., care
Review.
250
WANTED Second-hand steamer
trunk. Call at Sunset barber shop.
253
WANTED One
Classics. C. A.
Bisbee. .
set of Harvard
M., P. O. Box 885,
254
WAT.'TED Someone to board and
... lor three small children
school age. Box 1752, Bisbee. 603
WANTED To rent, a three to five
room furnished cottage. H. C, care
Review." 612
WANTED Sewing. Will go and sew
by day; also will care for children
and help with housework. Phone
Black 512. 572
Female Help Wanted
WANTED Woman to do general
housework,
canyon.
Chris Calvird,
OOU I
700 '
Positions Wanted
WANTED Position by experienced
stenographer, good references. R. S..
Review. 697
WANTED Position as cook or maid.
M it tie Russell, General Delivery,
Bisbee 698 ,
WANTED Temporary or permanent j
employment by capable steno-:
grapher. Box j. S., Review. 640 ;
WANTED Competent woman with
child 9 years old, wishes position as
housekeeper, no objection to chil
dren, or leaving city. Will take
charge of small rooming house.
Phone 4S9. N. D. Douglas, Box 1893.
625
FOR RENT Three furnished house
keeping rooms, 23 Upper Lowell. In
quire 52 Upper Lowell. 694
FOR RENT Five room .house and
bath and furnished. 237 School
hill. 699
FOR RENT One nice bed room, two
two-room apartments for rent at
Star rooming house, opposite city
park. -.702
FOR RENT Two
rooms, no children,
hill.
housekeeping
No. 3 Bauer
' 703
FOR RENT Furnished room, one
block ,from ball park. Mrs. H. F.
, Myberg. Warren. 341
FOR. RENT Furnished room in pri
vate family. No. 7 corner Curve and
Oak streets. 708
FOR RENT One two-room apart-
menu one two-room house, close in. !
Phone Black 571. 709
FOR RENT Four room house, furn
ished. 35 Idaho sareet, Johnson ad
dition. Call after 2 p. ni. 711
FOR RENT To furnished house-
keeping rooms., 14 Laundry hill, V. i
Lr. fcnearer. 71 :
FOR RENT Comfortable
room for one gentleman.
49 O. K. street.
i 1 ' F 1 " h
Gas heat.
636 j
rTJK RL.M I wo furnisned rooms.,
suitable for light housekeeping for
teacher, or couple. Three blocks east FOR SALE Beds, gas range, refriger
of C. & A. office. 208 Hazzard,: ator and chairs. Call Red 477. 613
street, Jlarry J. King, or Phone No.
1 Monday.
244
FOR RENT One large housekeeping
room. 105 Mason hill, first house
Mason hill car stop.
2S3
FOR RENT Two unfurnished rooms.
keeping rooms. 37 Laundry hill, j
Metz stop. Apply for particulars)
Nelson Marr, Brownlee house, Ma-
son hill.
FOR RENT Two furnished rooms
for housekeeping. 195 Temby ave
nue. 27S
FOR RENT Tuo furnished house
keeping rooms. 151-A Opera Drive, j
634 I
FOR RENT Two furnished house
keeping rooms. 102 Higigns hill. 653
FOR KENT Two
rooms. Apply next
Tombs-tone canyon.
FOR r.ENT Furnished
b'.ock from hail Park.
Myberg.
room, one
Mrs. II- F
FOR RENT
Four room furnished i
apatmeiit, pas. hot water and bath.
Modern. 224 Quarry canyon. Cl'J
FOR KENT- Ni'-e furnished apart-1
ments. Over Odoin Motor company,
on :.aio ru'd, inquire at apartment
No. 1.
0n8 1
run Kt.M-riTu room iurnisneo
house, two fcleeping porches, parage, j K,akc, ua,.;y ,;., part on' tin.'.-. Ad
M. P. Johns, Boulevard tstop, war-. Unfci, P. O. Box 665, Warren. 600
ron. 602 i r
housekeeping
KOIt KENT Two
rooms, opposite Lorrtto school.
Phone "it).
run Kh.N 1 Larnr! ntlice room, good
ideation.. Apply to m. l . uigii, r ai
estate. Ofiice, Allen block. 57.",
'
KOK HE.VT Pasture for gracing cat-
lie ny monin. samuci MjienuccKer. 1
Hereford.' Ariz.
r.i-
REVIEW WANT ADS FOR RESULTS
For Sale
KOR SALE One coal range. 153
Temby avenue, Balgay house. . 701
FOR SALE Three rooms of furni
ture, house for rent. 67 Roberts
avenue. Mason hill. 705
FOR SALE Four room house furnish
ed. 16 Upper Lowell. Box "B," Re
view. 706
FOR SALE Four room modern
house, 40x100 lot, near Bakerville
hotel. Box XX, Review. 706
FOR SALE Twelve room apartment
house. 163 Opera Drive, or Phone
Blue 711. 713
FOR SALE Studebaker "four'1 sev
en passenger. Fine condition, al
ways driven by owner. E. H. Wick
ern, brown bungalow across subway
from Lincoln school. Phone Red
625. . 729
FOR SALE FiTe passenger Buick,
little six. See Shideler, on the Jit
ney service. "32
SPECIAL SALE On portable stand
lamps. Silk, mahogany and art glass.
Eugene Stevens Electric Shop. 242
I FOR SALE Three room furnished
hnnap R7 Laundrv hill. Nice biE
varA nnrt fruit trees. Good auto
road to it. 288
FOR SALE OR RENT Furnished
' 'house, four rooms. Apply Dick
Johns, South Bisbee. 24S
FOR SALE One four room house
and cabin furnished, beautiful
yard. Terms. Hogan & Seed. 247
FOR SALE Four room modern
house, screened-in porch and sleep
ing porch, good well, large level
ground with 20 fruit trees, chicken
yards and houses, garage and ware
house, located Tombstone canyon,
desirable location. See Gus Haigler,
the Main street real estate man.
2S0
FOR SALE, Late Foru, good condi
tion; good buy for cashij P. O. Box
2198. -s 276
FOR SALE Seven room modern
house,, with bath, sleeping porch,
large cement porches, two wells,
water system installed, for house
and garden purposes, large level io-,
garape for two cars, orchard of 60
fruit trees. This is a choice loca
tion in Tombstone canyon, right on
the car line. For price and terms
see Gus Haigler, the Main street
'real estate man, opposite postoffice.
279
FOR SALE Almost new kitchen cabi
net. Mrs. Grace Williams, Claw son
hill. 282
FOR SALE Thoroughbred Collie
pups. Call Phone 376-R-l, between 7
a. m. and 4 p. m. 2S5
FOR SALE Cement house in War
ren. Nice location for home or in
come. Terms. Box 1749, Bisbee. 635
FOR SALE Furniture for three
rooms. 67-B Moon canyon. Frank
Munkers. 63S
FOR SALE
Studebaker four, seven
passenger, good condition. v ill
trade for lighter car; also have Over
land truck. Niels Larse'n, fifth
house above car barn on 'Hazzard
street, Warren. 24G
FOR SALE Wagon, strawling haci:,
tw0 horses 700 pounds, one horse
hoi) nounds. two colts, one vearlinc.
FOR SALE Marx rooming house.
Lowell. Inquire upstairs. Cash
proposition. Daniel O'Neill, proprie
tor.
607
FOR SALE Cheap, my home, orch
ard, well, garage, lot 150x100, by
Garfield school. Tombstone canyon.
O. G. Kirehner. 56S
FOR SALE Furniture for five room
house with privilege of renting the
house. Call 126 Art hill, near Laun
dry hill. 564
iFOR SALE Four room house partly
furnished. Player piano, standard
make, and garage. Inquire M. L.
Brown, or Joe Western, South Bis
bee. - 570
FOR SALE Furniture.
Jones hill.
Treen house,
580
FOR SALE Fixtures 21 room board
ing bouse,
gerville.
Concrete block 44
Jig-517
housekeeping jFOU SALE Furniture for two rooms.
Hays house, inVliTC A. H. Walker. 97-B Chihuu
hua hill, above Uugen grocery store,
Naco road. ???
;FOIl SALE Modern four room house
i in Warrtii, furnished. Terms very
reasonable. Phone 74S.
6i4
; Koll SALE The Pressure cooker.
yhollti 734 Ior (.ookl,rs or demonstra
tion, iiisbce Mattress Works. 54S
j.-0!: SALE-Five room furnished
: h,,.i.. i-v.r i.nrtwu ;u,r 11,1
upper Lowu'.l.
439
j.-r,i sii,a-i-i,rJ"i,t .a-,.i:.nl
i foil SALE BuiKiles ol old papers ai
1 me Keview nffim
ti-l.KOK SALE Piayer piano
oak case
1 r.iNiriy now, at a
bargain, ca.-y pay
m(11)(s
Mecade, Jewelut, 1
well
"68
M.
57
1
FOR SALE Uncalled for suits
j i.Vii,. Liw ll, Ariz.
K();i SALE Bundles m oil uaDers at
1 tin! ucview ottite. Large tjuuule,
j price 2lc.
. ..
Male Help Wanted
WANTED First class
Apply Electric Shoe
street.
shoemaker.
Shop, Main
710
WANTED General ranch hand, $40
and board. K. E. Silvey. R. F. D. 1,
Box 77, McNeal, Aril. 707
WANTED All around tailor. Allen
building, Bisbee, Ariz. Phillip Doff
man. 54S
JFWExchange
FOR EXCHANGE Good bungalow
equity of about $1200 in Los Angeles.
Want rooming house or real estate.
What have you? Would assume.
Address Owner, 118 S. Townsend
street, Los Angeles, Calif. 256
TO TRADE For car, east
lots. Apply Black 730.
El
Paso
695
Lost
LOST Bunch of keys, lock and short
chain, on road approaching Briggs
shaft from South Bisbee. Finder
please notify Phone 6S9, of Box 665.
Warren. Reward. 252
Miscellaneous
MAKE $50 A WEEK EASY Write
for particulars. Apply Box A Z, Re
view. 731
GOSSARD CORSETS FOR SALE
From $2 up. All corsets carefully
fitted. Ines WarburtoX, next Ari
zona Grocery store, upper Main. 433
PIANO LESSONS Mrs. B. S. Powell,
Ash apartments, 12S Opera Drive.
677
WRITE TO "Y. M. C. A. School, Los
Angeles," about Auto, Radio, Com
mercial and Engineering courses.
Train for service. 26S
SCECOND HAND CLOTHES Bought.
Phoue 739, City Dye Works. 604
BUNDLES OF OLD PAPERS At the
Review office. Large bundles, price
25c.
Money to Loan
SMALL QUICK LOANS On your per
sonal note to salaried men and wo
men, also on furniture. Cox Loan
company. Room 7, Sparks -Kline
building. 166
Business Locals
ATTENTION, ELKS
Collier's Weekly, January 11,
contain an article of the Elks'
work which you should all read.
jrri
w
Tar
NOTICE
All members of Rathbone Lodge No.
10, K. of P., and visiting brothers, re
quested to attend on Tuesday evening,
January 7. Installation of officers.
Refreshments.
281 H E. WOOTTON, C. C.
COMING
Dr. Schell, the well known opto
metrist and optician of Tucson, will
be at the Copper Queen hotel on his
regular visit Wednesday and Thurs
day (8th and 9th), and will remain the
two days only. If your eyes need at
tention, call on hiin for expert service.
Special attention to children's eyes.
609
NOTICE
It has been persistently rumored
that we are hiring miners for employ
ment in South America. This is not
the case, and we wish to advise that
the miners of this district are wasting
ineir lime as wen as ours in ""'"S
upon us In seeking employment in
South America.
A. G. M GREGOR.
Warren.
578
Private dancing lessons at all hours.
Mrs. Sales' Academy, O. K. street. 552
BLACKSMITH COAL
Just unloaded one car of Ajax
smithing coaL Brophy Carriage com-
pany, ixwea. -on.
NEW-BONE CORSETS
Will call for measurements. Phone
Black 583. 564
Dr. Playfalr, Osteopath, 98 Mason
Ul-I . Dknna HI,uC17
L. L. Gflman sells the New Edison,
The rhonograph With a Soul."
.
Signs,
Painter and Paper Hanging,
C. J. BRANDT
Bqx 150. 27 Brcadway. Thone 450
STRENGTHENS
KIDNEYS-
PURIFIES BLOOD :
Tnn run' crnfle -pnk ti.lnpra tni
filtT the anH and pojyons o'lt of yon?
Fystcin i iiie38 thoy ore Ri'cn a liff;o helii
Dr-n'tnllotr them ti become ?;;ase
whm a l'ttl attention row T.i'l pre
Vent it. lo:i't try to cheat rattii-v'.
As rooa yoa commence to Hro
rmrknrlicp. fel nervous nn I tired, GET
JU'Sr. lies ars usually warpinM
that yrnr kidac;3 are tot worbiss
proptily.
L'o t Way a minute. Co eflcr fan
eanse t yonr nilmenM or you may f nd
yourse'? n thu kti r.f na incnruulo liis
er.e. liOLDMliDAL Haariom Oil cnn
ruirs will rive r!mot imTreilii?tc Tlipf
from liilney tro-thles. GOLD MEI-
Alt lian.-lm Oil IVpiiil-s will do
f t'i wrr 'lhft7 aro Thp nnrA nrfcinnl
i Ilaarlcni Oil C apsnlrs ipiitortrfl tiirert
I from Hie laborr.torics in Itaarlem, Hol-
I Isnd. Ask your drugpst fr fiOLD
MEDATj and accept nt mihfititutes.
: lAok for the nnmo i.tii.u jikpal on
1 rvrr box. Tbrpe wre. uraied tiarkrvee.
: . r . , ,1 . . . 1
. Finney reiiiiiutu ix tuv ua ujv mckij
i.clp you.
jj Mining and Financial News
Jj , BY REVIEW LEASED WIRE
NEW YORK, Jan. 6. Pools and 1
affiliated interests were undisputed 1
tontrol of today's stock market, pub-'
lie or outside support falling to low!
ebb. Representative shares were j
heavy when not altogether neglected, ;
speculative issues comprising a large
percentage of the moderate turnover.
mocks most lavorea were tnose
which have been little, if-at all, af
fected by the transition from war to
a peace basis, but gains were largely
forfeited in the selling of the last
hour, Mexican Petroleum, for example,
relinquishing all but a fraction of its
6-point advance.
United States Steel was under per
sistent pressure, losing 2 points, and
kindred issues sagged 1 to 2 points.
.Marine preierrea was neavy at the :
outset on cables indicating another'
hitch in the transfer of Its British
tonnage to the United States govern
ment and the setback In metals co
incided with reports of further cutting
of prices. Sales amounted to 535,000
shares.
Railroad returns from middel west
terminals reported a slight falling offjDenn 17
In tonnage from the same period ' a
year ago.
Liberty and international bonds
were steady, but other Issues were
inclined to ease, a noteworthy feature
being the break of 5U points in Den-
ver c Rio Grande refunding 5s. Total
sales, par value, aggregated $5,875,- : Hull
000. Old United States bonds were' Howe Sound
unchanged on call.' i Hecla
' ij. Verde
GRAIN MARKET,
CHICAGO, Jan. 6. Renewed atten
tion to calls from Europe for immense
supplies lifted trie corn market today
to the highest prices yet this season.
but much of the gains afterward were
wiped out. The close was unsettled
at 14 to 2c net advance, with Jan
uary $1.45 and May $1.398 to
$1.39ri. Oats finished to up,
and provisions varying from . 5c de
cline to a rise of 25c.
Bullish sentiment in regard to the
corn sprang directly from fresh state
ments by Mr. H6over emphasizing the
urgent need of big food shipments j
from the United States to trans-
Atlantic countiies. A report that he;
had said the allies were morally
bound to assist . in upholding the
United States guaranteed minimum
bulge, however, longs sold freely to
realise profits, and prices underwent
a sag which was not altogether
cheeked by news jUst before the close
that the house appropriations com
mittee had acted favorably on a bill
ior $100,0iKt,oO0 to feed Europe.
Oats rejected the strength of corn.
Besides receipts were small.
Provisions went up in sympathy
with grain and hogs, but the advance
ieu 10 iree seiimg Dy parKers ana 10
weakness of January lard and ribs.
METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6. Copper
-Nom-
inal; electrolytic, 20 to 30.
Lead Quiet; spot offered at $6.00;
January, $5.75.
Spelter Dull; East St. Louis deliv
ery spot offered at
$7.55.
$7.70; January.'
.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 6.
Cotton
closed steady at a net decline of
to 60 points.
36
NEW YORK
L. J. Overlbck. Broker.)
Anaconda 604
Amu Car . 9"i
Amn. Can :'.".!.".!!':!! 48
Amn Tn-, fiti'
Amn. Loco.
Amn. Smelters
Baldwin
Beth. B
76
754
614
49'i
374 1
1 o. F & I
; Canadian Pacific ' "
159
central Leather
60
( (-rUriLie .......... .... 57
Distillers .' 534
Erie :. 17
Goodrich 1 57
General Motors 129?
J Aip,,hni
105
j Marine
MWvaTe " ' "
Mox!ran i.e'troienra
y ,
110
A -M
,0-3
lot 14
744
92i
Northern Pacific
; Reading 81-
j Rubber
j Republic Steel
! Studebaker . . .
Steel
. ,, ... ....
UI
Southern Pacific 101
Sinclair Oil .
j Texas Oil . .
1 Union Pacific
35 S
1854 J
127T. !
35 !
46 j
io L
1 I'nitel Motors
j,. u ,,
BOSTON.
A 1 venture
Allouez
4S ;
tutnl
13
iltitte ...
-''?i
445
4l3
so
t;
r. 1
7-
inn
4'i
-
:.
& A. ..
t . A: H . ..
'liino . . .
1 Chiio ...
C:a-!y ..
(J. '.::i
C.'-i '!!. '..
!L:ih .
Imiii:
Inspiration
Kfnrcott
K f 1 11 1 w
- ... .
I.-j S il!f . .
MMi'.i . . .
!')' HWk
y- . r 1 r t
VC Kid Or i hat
Cougti
Blnji IT. it v-Mlii'iiiiii, persirtr; oiu-U
or rnld. thro tc!ii!ii- throat op lunif
utTei'tiruR. n li :i Krkmnn's Altor.itlv.
ttip Mriir .uiii ni'hiMi.lor o' Jj years'
njiptsfnl an. ami Jl.JJ boi'.lea
tiom iri.ei:i -iij. or fioin
LCU.MA.N L.'-a.w'ATOKY;, Fhiladlrh!a
3
17
11
8V4
35
50
13 V4
1 Pond Ck.
, Quincy 61
Kay Con.
204
Shattuck
Shannon
St. Marys . .
Superior Boston ......
Utah Copper
Utah Con
CURBS.
A. & A
Ariz. Sil. King
13',
3
40'
724
8V4
11
Ariz. Bing.
Big Ledge
Butte & London
18
Vs
16;
1H
6
5
7Vs
13
, Cal. & Jer.
Cornelia
Con. Ariz
Con. Copper Mines.
, Cresdon
Cosden
C'urtiss
j Dundee
1
Emma ... .
Federal Oil
5
24
3
s
15
'4
40
4',-i
4i
Gadsden
i Green Monster
Grand Island
i Globe Dom.
Magma Copper 26
! Magma Chief
Miami Con.
Okmulgee .
Porphyry .
5
2'i
80
Ra' Here
54
Tom Reed 164
Tuolomiie
United Eastern
Verde Ex
Verde Comb
West End
Wol. Ariz. '
85
350
35
l'.i
2
White Caps 15
, Wright Martin
4
OATMAN.
(By Collins &. Bretherton.)
j Areo . .
. Adams
Arizona
Mayflower
Nevada ..
N. Butte..
Nip
Old Pom.
Osceola . .
.06
.02 .04
.15
.02 .05
.06 .07
.02
.03 .04
.02
.15
.04 .05
.05 .06
.10 .13
1.60 1.65
4.40 4.50
.02 .03
.20
2.87 3.00
.37 .44
.14 .18
1.00 1.12
.02 .04
.10 .12
.44 .50
.10 .12
.17
.06 .12
.35 .40
.12 .25
2.00 2.18
Rex
Boundary Cone .
Gold Ore
Uoid Road Bou.
Gold Cliff
. Lucky Hoy
Sunnyside
I Tellurid'i
I Tom Keed
j United Eastern
United Western
L'n
,
j ' OTHE
Green Monster
Butte London
Venture Hill
Jerome Verde . . .
1 1. . i ..
'
Jerome Portland
Hull Copper
! Verde Combination ,
Miami Consolidated
' Verde Squaw -
.62
.02
.751
.05
.50
.52
i JVV -oPI'er .............
i acozari Codsolidated ...
i ('on- CoD- M'nei 6.62
j Porphyry 50
"al. & Jerome 44
j Kay Copper
.40:
6.75 !
.80 !
.50.
.12 j
Feather River
AMERICAN RELEASED.
(Hy Ri-view Leased Wire)
WASHINGTON. Jan. 6. The state
department announced today that it
haj been officially advised that Ed
ward Thompson, an American citizen
who was held by bandits in Mexico,
had been released and had returned
to his mining property in Mexico.
Thompson's home is in San Antonio,
Texas.
CONSUL TRANSFERRED.
(Hy Koview Leased Wire)
NOGALES, Ariz., Jan. 6. J. Garza
Zertuche. who has been consul for
Mexico here, has been- appointed con
sul at Los Angeles and directed to
leave at once for his new station. E.
tUM. Lawton, American consul at No
744 pales. Sonora. Mexico, will leave Mon
51 I day for Guatemala in compliance with
934 ! orders from the state department
transferring him to that position.
EF
Get Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets
That is the Joyful cry of thousand's
Eince Dr. Edwards produced Olive Tablets,
the substitute for calomel.
Dr. Edwards, a practicing physidan for
17 years and calomel's old-time enemy,
discovered the formula for Olive Tablets
while treating patients for chronic con
Btipation and torpid livers.
Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets do not
rontein calomel, but a healing, soothug
veRetable laxative.
No griping is the "keynote" of these
little sugar-coated, olive-colored tablets.
They cause the bowels and liver to act
normally. They never force them to
unnatural action.
If you have a "dark brown mouth" now
and then a bad breath a dulL tired
feeling sick headache torpid liver and
are constipated, you'll find quick, sure anl
only pleasant BC3ults from one or two lit
tle Dr. Edwards' Olive Tablets at bedtime.
Thousands take one or two every nipht
just to keep rich:. Try them. 10j ar.J
25c per Lc:i A.l Lugji-U. i
j .
I The j-.reatest sour er all. lie sure
; to cct n c py of the latent song hit. j
i.Muii Music store. 4-S 1
QUICK REU
LODGE NOTICES
Cards of every fraternal order in the Warren District; giving the e
sential facts of each, their meeting nights, their officers and the place of
gathering will be found under their respective headings in these column.
BISBEE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meets every Friday
night, Moose Hall.
Visiting brothen cor
dially invited.
R. L GLEASOX.
Dictator
BISBEE LODGE NO.
10. i. o. o. r.
meets every
Thursday
evening at Odd
Fellows Hall
Subway street, at 7:30 o'clock. Visiting
brothers cordially Invited to attend.
Hall phuue 119.
1. A. PLUNK ETT. N. G.
LESTER EUSTACE, Sec'T-
r T H I A N SISTERS
Lilv Temple No. 3 meets every 2nd
and fourth Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows Hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially inviteu.
MINNIE BLUM, M. E. C
Phone Black S51.
IDA GLAZE. M. of R. C. '
Box 1475
FRATERNAL ORDER
OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175, F. O.
E., meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, 8 p. m..
Eagles' Hall.
Visitors cor
d i a 1 1 y wel
come. Presdnt.
J. F.
WILMTJTH.
F. C. FENDERSON. Secretary.
C. L. EDMUNDSON, Aerie Physician
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard L Homestead 89!. meet sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays at Medlgo
vich hall. Visiting Archers are cor
diaily Invited.
F. W. TURNER. Foreman,
Phone Black 453
P. O. Box 981, Warren.
E. D. STINSON.
Correspondent. Box 1496
WEEK ENDING JANUARY 4, 1919
Monc sy 2nd Degree.
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday Blue Regular
Saturday 1st Decree.
Saturday
THOMAS HARGI2, VY. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y F. & A. M.
W. R, BANKS. E. H. P.
N. C. BLEDSOE. T. I. M.
J. L. POWELL, E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT. Secretary Chap
ter and Commandery.
W. R. BANKS, Secretary Council.
LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
L, O. U NO. 21a
meets In I. O
O. F. Hail first
and third
MONDAY at
7:30 p. m.
VUitlng broth
ers cordially
Invited to at
tend.
WM.
T. SM1THAN. W. M.
ROBERT FERGUS. Secretary
P. O. Box 426. Bisbee
CITY DYE WORKS
Cleaning & Pressing
Phone 739.
Opp. Y. W. C. A.
MONEY TO LOAN
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, Etc,
Reliable House 19 Branch Stores.
United Loan Jewelry Co.
BISBEE .: BREWERY GULCH
Chicken Feed
Wood, Coal an j Hay
INDEPENDENT
FUEL & FEED (MFY
UPPER MAIN STREET
Phone 235
CEHOGAHl
Office Below
COPPER QUEEN HOTEL
Phone 121
REAL ESTATE
RENTALS
FIRE INSURANCE
NOTARY
LEGAL BLANKS
Phone 121
Office Below
COPPER QUFEN HOTEL
C 1. BOGAR
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
war;
4
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Rathbone Lodge No. V
Knigbu of Pythla
meets each Tuesday
kTVff eicePt econd) In Odd
$j'M.V Fellows' Hall at 7:
p. m. Visiting brother
cordially invited.
V
H. h. WOOTON, C. C
W. E. McCALLUM. K. of R S
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and third Fri
day of each month. Visiting brothers
cordially invited to attend.
JAS. ALLISON. Exalter Ruler
C. W. HICKS, Secretary.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:30
p. m., Finnish hall.
D. C. SAXBY. C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Clerk
All Woodmen invited.
OPOER OF EASTERN STAR
meets In Masonic hai
Pearl Chapter. No. 4, meet
in Masonic Hall se.-ond and
fourth Tuesday of sack
month at 7:30 9 m.
MRS. EMMA WOODS. W. M.
Phone 161. Box 43. Bis be.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN. Sec'y. P O
Box 2293. Ciiairman Relief Com
Phoue 16L
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
AMERICAN MECHANICS
Meets In L O O F
Kali First and Third
Saturdays. V i s 1 1 it
brothers welcome
S. F BENTON. Council!"
M WILLIAMS Rec Sec'y
FRATERNAL
8ROTHERHC
4 00C
l;.J It..' S-
? Bisbee Lodge No
mj 452 meets the la
T
Ji 4 and 3rd Monday
of each month at
iry' ai .vieaigo
J vich Hail. Via.l
lug membeis cordially iavited
B. F. MOSS. President.
MRS. C. E. FINOTTI. Treasurer
- Box 722. Tel. 236. Red.
HONORA MUNCH. Secretary
Box 1621.
MODERN WOODMEN OF AMERICA
''ClJ Bisbee Camp No. 13414
aZC3v , Meets 1st Saturday
Medigovich Hall.
jffg l. L. MOTZ. Consul
3. r. MATHEWSO.N
vsjP' Clerk.
! HENNESSY
Undertaking Parlors
PHONE 15.
O K ST.
QUEEN LAUNDRY
Respectfully Solicits Your
Patronage
PHONE 53
A Trial Solicited Prompt Delivery
Standard Laundry
FOR "QUALITY AND SERVICE"
A. OWERS. Mgr., Bakerville
Phone 57
BISBEE TRANSFER,
STORAGE & COAL CO.
Warehouse A Office Opposite Depot
' PHONES 640 and 50.
COLLINS &
BRETHERTON
We Specialize In
JEROME
AND-
OATMAN
STOCKS
Jack Bui,;.. Main Street
Phone 26 Box 1129 THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW, TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1919.
EIGHT
has been appointed a member of the
Arizona Btate committee oti Kert Cross
nursing service. This committee is
in charge of all Red Cros9 nursing
operation! in the state.
'niRht. The dances whirh (he ltxlge
nien have been giving since the lifting
of the quarantine are becoming in
creasingly popular.
! is progressing rapidly and should be
completed, ready for occupancy, about
(be hist of next week.
City Briefs
CATTLEMEN ARE VISITORS.
3 JLaJLi
Has any one visited you ? Or have
you entertained? If so, call The
Review after 6 p. m. and tell the
Society Editor, rhone 39.
BEL2AR IN CITY.
V. A. Ueddus and O. W. Perry, cat-
DOUGLAS JUDGE HERE.
Judge S. V. McCall ot Douglas, is a
George Helzer of Douglas, a member tlemen of Willcox
soent Sunday and
of Iho 1'helps uouge auuuor s sun
in the city on company business.
parf of yesterday in this city on busi
THREE DAYS COMMENCING FRIDAY, JANUARY 10TH.
visitor in the district. j
ness.
j HERE FROM DUNCAN.
I V. F. Kohler and Samuel Earth
lace of Duncan. Ariz., spent Sunday
and vesterday here, being Copper
Queen guests.
ON DOUGLAS FORCE.
Bert Grove.r. for some time a resi
dent of this city, has gone to Douclas
to take a position as a member of the
police force there.
VISITS SISTER. I
Mrs. B. M. Sharratt has been visit-!
Ing her sister. Mrs. Kd Barri.nsec. in i
Douglas, the past week. '
Special Musical Setting, Interpreted by Symphony Orchestra
MISS SALMANS HERE.
Miss Flora Salmans of Gleeson.
in the city Sunday, stopping at
Copper Queen hotel.
the
t
i
VISITS HIS FAMILY.
R. E. McKarland spent Sunday in
Tombstone visiting his family, re
turning here to resume .his employ
ment in the mines.
BACK FROM FLORENCE.
William Blackburn, formerly a resi
dent of this city, has xeturned from
the state prison, where he had been
a guard for eight months.
EAGLES WILL DANCE.
SUPPLY HOUSE PROGRESSING APPOINTEDON COMMISSION.
The Eagles lodge will give a dance i
TIip new suDi.lv house of the Phelps Miss Bertha Forshay, school nurse
at its hall on Main street Wednesday ' Dodge company, near the Lowell mine, with quarters at the Central building.
EAGLE THEATER sEPAJti
WM. FOX PRESENTS
Sang and IfpfliPiiilQ SIT
CHUCKLES.
4?A
IN THE FILM OF A THOUSAND
That is the spirit and title of the stormiest and most impish comedy drama of the year.
"WF
WORRY"
ALSO
GOOD COMEDY LATEST NEWS WEEKLY.
Admission: Children, 10c; Adults, 15c;
This includes War Tax
IIP' 4 Ik
IP"' .1'
To-Day
ONLY!
THEATER
Continuous
From
1:00 to 11:00
P.M.
Gertrude McCoy
raitors
Within the
axes
A photoplay revealing the machinations of the secret agents of Bolo Pasha. Also,
WILLIAM DUNCAN
in Vitagraph's Greatest Photoplay Serial
"A FIGHT FOR MILLIONS"
Episode No. 4 "THE PRECIPICE OF HORROR" and
Fatty Arbuckle, IBafcl Normand and Ford Sterling
IN
"FOR BETTER OR WORSE"
If you like to laugh, see this comedy.
Lower floor, 13c, war tax, 2c, total 15c Balcony 9c, war tax lc, total 10c
Reserved seats 22c, war tax 3c, total 25c
CATTLEMAN VISITS DISTRICT.
R. L. Johnson, well known cattle
man of Government draw, arrived in
the district yesterday from bis ranch.
He will remain a short time attending
to business matters.
BACK FROM ARMV.
Ernest Keaghey. rUo was in the
army, stationed at Camp Kearny, near
San Diego, has returned here follow
ing his discharge from the service
and now is on his father's ranch, over
the Tombstone canyon divide.
i:
V.l IsfV
UNDELIVERED TELEGRAMS.
Undelivered telegrams at the West
ern Union for the following: S. D.
Tumin, Mrs. E. A. Netling, Leslie Rob
erts, Alice Kennedy, J. V. Jones, J. L.
Hicks, P. D. Delmas, Cuca De Rod
riguez, Vidal Barranco.
OVER FROM TOMBSTONE.
In order to attend a reception tend
ered Miss Elizabeth Cunningham, on
the eve of her departure from the dis
trict. Sheriff J. F. McDonald, Deputy
Sheriff Harry Rafferty and Assiitant
County Attorney M. I. McKelllgon,
spent Sunday here.
lie
i.?vj.-it:.
m
DR. RANDOLPH RETURNS.
Dr. William Randolph, who was a
member of the medical department of
the army, with rank ot major, has
been discharged from the service and
returned here to resume his position
as a member of the Phelps Dodge
corporation's staff. His family accom
panied him here. Dr. Randolph is oc
cupying the home of Dr. Robert Fergu
son on Quality hill temporarily.
KALSOMINE SCHOOL WALLS.
Unable to follow to the letter the
dictates of the state health officer that
the walls of school rooms should be
washed with strong soap and water
hufnni reanmtnp spsRions. the board of
education In this district compromised
by having the walls caisomimea. i nis
work now is in progress. Along the
BtniruBvn for a heieht of several feet
above the floor, the walls also are be-1
Ing given a coating of waterproof!
paint which can be washed.
AFTER ALL TRUANTS.
That all of the people of Bisbee who j
have children of school age will have j
to send them to school. Is the Inten-1
tion of Miss Ida Ford, truant officer!
for the district. A. Rojas of Brewery ,
gulch, having refused to send his two ;
children to school. Miss Ford had him
hailed before the city court. After
having been convicted of the offense,
Rojas was given a stiff lecture by the
court and tie promise of a heavy sen-'
tence unless he complied at once with
the law. He promised that he would
do so and as a result both his chil
dren were in school yesterday. There j
are few namtuai truants m ute aia
trict but this nujnber wi be reduced
in the immediate future. Miss Ford
says, as she is preparing a campaign
against the parents.
f . ' :
MS
u
Photographed at
"!TVr "tf: JZC Noyon, France, within
4r 'r : .i 20 niiles of
where th Yanks
held the line.
I AM COMING
i
am the love storv of the ereat war. I
am the brain child of the greatest cinema
proQucer u. W. LiKlrrllrl his most
sensational achievement. I was born on the battlefields of France where your broth
ers, husbands, sons, sweethearts, did fight the battle of HUMANITY. But I have been
called a visualization of LA MARSEILLAISE. I am war. But I am also don't forget
1 ' THE SWEETEST LOVE STORY EVER TOLD.
A CLARION CALL WITH A WORLD HEART BREAK IN IT
Vnnnifll Mnoino
!
P
0
Selling, Interpreted by Sjniphony Orchestra
Prices: Matinee, 25c, 50c, 75c; Evening, 50c, 75c, $1.00
Reserved Scats cn Sale Starting Monday at 3 o'clock
M-amtSr rnrM' e-' i ' r-i iri t-
RETURNS FROM PHOENIX.
C. D. Northland, better known to his
friends here aa "Curley," returned to
fh iiiHt Hrt vesterdav from Phoenix
where he has been for the past sis
TO RESIDE HERE.
Mr. and Mrs. Folley Armstrong,
formerly of St. Louis, arrived in the
district yesterday and will take up
their residence here. Mr. Armstrong
Is an electrician and will be connected
rith the r. & A. Mininc company. At
. COUNCIL MEETS TONIGHT.
' The city council will meet iu regti-,
lar session tonight at the city halL I
Aside from possible discussion of
some phase of the proposed puving.
nothing aside from routine business
is cheduled. (
months. Mr. Northland has again as-, present tney ar residing j"a ir.
sumed his position as mechanic at the j and Mrs. J. V. Ferron, 51 .Moon can
Brophy garage in Lowell. '"
(COM
N
G
eater - COB
MNGl
! UNION SERVICES BEGIN.
i The week of union services an-1
! nounced last week were begun last ev- j
' ening at the Vresbyteriftri church. Hev. ;
' H. C. Compton delivered the opening
address, speaking of the necessity of '
thanksgiving and humiliation of all 1
Christians desirous of doing their
best. Rev. C. W. Harshman will ;
apeak tonight upon the subject ofj
"Church Unity." These meetings are j
for all and will be continued until Fri-1
day night. i
DANCE
5-
At Brophy HalL Lowell
TONIGHT
Best of Music Finest Floor
in District
Dancing at 8:15
ALL WELCOME
REVIEW WANT ADS
BRING RESULTS
Friday, S;
May and Sunday, Jan. 10, 11 and 12
CAST INCLUDES
Lillian Gisn
George Fawcett
Robert Harron
George Siegmann
fi w
Git"'' ":F"'T"'""S
Great love
CAST INCLUDES
Henry Walthall
Haxfield Stanley
Rosemary Theby
Gloria Hope
JC&.VlftiraM MMM IIIp ' '
Grand Theater!
TODAY Continuous, 1:00 to 11:00 TODAY
Triangle Film Corp. Present
ACK LIVINGSTON
An ARTCRAFT Picture With Practically the Same Cast as "THE BIRTH OF A NATION"
A Mighty Story of Woman's Regeneration by War. The hand that rocks
the Cradle is the Han that Can Wield a Weapon as Potent as the Sword.
ADMISSION:
Lower Floor 35c. Baicony 25c.
-in-
"Who is to Blame"
A colorful romance of Japan and America
Also, one of those delightful Chritie Comediea
"JUST LIKE DAD"
Featuring BILLY MASON and ELINOR FIELD
Lower floor 9c, war tax lc, total
Balcony 4c, war tax lc, total
10c
. 5c