X
j! jjf" &
WEATHER
Friday., snow.. north,., rain
south portion; much colder
northeast portion; Saturday
fair; continued cold.
COPPER PRICE
The average price of cop
per for the week ending No
vember 19 was 19.8C1."8 cents.
Silver, $1.25896.
X -r
Full Leased Wire Report of The Associated Press
EIGHT' PAGES
VOL. 22 No. 281.
BISBEE, ARIZONA, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1919
EIGHT PAGES
PRICE FIVE CENTS
7r? e
J eindkms
irieir
'4
'1
4
i
V
EUROPE LOOKS
TO 0. S. FDR
FINANCIAL
H LLP
Lloyd George Tells House of
Commons That Intera
tional Credit Will Relieve
Austrian Situation
LONDON". Nov. 27. Premier Lloyd
George again today In the house of
commons answered a list of ques
tions on all subjects, mostly, how
ever. In connection with the Euro
pean economic and military situation
arising from the war.
One of the most important of the
questions related to the condition of
"Austria, concerning which Command
er Viscount Curzon, coalition unionist
member for Battersea, South, asked
whether the supreme council in Paris
was taking steps to deal with the
situation.
The premier declared that the su
preme council had reached the con
clusion that only a comprehensive ar
rangement for a large International
credit would adequately meet the
situation and that it was essential
for the European that the United
States should contribute that part of
it which would have to be contributed
in dollars.
"Representations have accordingly
been made to the United States in
that sense," the premier added.
Questioned regarding whose duty
it would be to summon the first
meeting of the assembly and the first
meeting of the council of the league
of nations, in view of the fact of the
American senate's refusal to ratify
the treaty, Mr. Lloyd George said
that article five of the treaty stipu
lated that the president of the United
States should summon the meeting.
He added that he did not understand
that this was in any way affected by
the refusal of the senate to ratify the
treaty.
Kansas Will Use of
Its Power to Bring
End of Coal Strike
TOPEKA, Kan., Nov. 27. Declar
ing it is the duty of the government
to protect the people whose welfare
is dependent upon It, Gov. Henry J.
Allen, tonight in a formal statement
announced that the state "is brought
to the pass of using all its power to
protect- the people whose suffering
will be unspeakable unless relief is
afforded," from the emergency
brought about by the stoppage of
coal production.
The governor declared that re
sponses to his appeal for volunteers
to work the Kansas coal mines are
coming in rapidly. "The people
know," his statement asserts, "that
this is not in any sense a strike
breaking enterprise."
I shall use the power of the
state," the governor said, "for only
one purpose, to reliive the coal fam
ine and to protect the lives of those
engage ip carrying out this effort."'
Late News
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 27. Paul Johnson, 19 years old, captain of the
High School football team or Wayzata. a suburb, died today after he had
fallen to the ground during a football game. Concussion of the brain was
given as the cause of his death.
AMARILLO. Texas. Nov. 27. Fire tonight destroyed the Olympic thea
ter, one of the largest buildings here, and for two hours threatened to de
stroy an entire block in the downtown district. The loss was placed at
$150,000. When the fire was discovered the 2000 persons in the theater
left the building quietly. 4
LONDON, Nov. 27. Crown Prince Rupprecht of Bavaria has been pla
carded as a candidate for the presidency of Bavaria in the elections to be
held In February or March, according to a Berlin dispatch to the Daily Mail
EL PASO, Texas, Nov. 17. A Mexican, mounted, and armed with rifle
and automatic pistol, gave battle to Mexican customs guards along the Itio
Grande, five miles east of Juarez last night, but was finally surrounded
and placed under arrest, it became known today.
BERLIN, Nov. 27. It is semiofficially announced that the German
government's reply to the note of the entente sent by Premier Clemen
eau refers to an alleged official ann iouncement Issued in Paris September
29, stating that the allied and associated powers had decided to anticipate
the date of the ratification of the treaty as lav as the repatriation of Ger
man prioncrs was concerned
AguaFria River
Is Overflowing
Its Banks
PHOENIX, Nov. 27. Floods
menaced some localities in cen
tral Arizona tonight, following a
iay of heavy rainfall. The Aflua
Fria river, flowing in a general
southerly direction, 15 miles west
jf here, w.-.s tonight out of its
aanks and considerable area
Mas flooded. Bob Percy, rancher,
with his wife and two children,
sought refuge in a barn after
their house was washed away and
the barn was in imminent danger
of being wrecked by the flood, ac
cording to word brought to the
city by Sheriff John Montgomery.
The sheriff said he had been un
able to learn of the possible fate
f other families living in the in
undated district.
CONSIDER CAMP
FOR RADICALS
NEW YORK, Nov. 27. Establish
ment of a large camp or cantonment
for detention of undesirable aliens
pending investigation and disposal of
their cases, is the latest plan of the
house immigration . committee ' now
conducting an inquiry at Ellis Island,
it was announced tonight.
The camp would be similar to those
In use during the war for the Intern
ment of enemy aliens and would be
the temporary abiding place of all ag
itators called anywhere In the United
States, who by their conduct or- ut
terances made their further sojourn in
this country questionable.
It is the opinion of the investigating
legislators that such a corral would
aid substantially the work of central
izing the disturbers and would result
in much more rapid expedition of their
exit to the lands from whence they
came. The task of deportation, it is
suggested, will eventually devolve on
he department of justice insead of
the department of labor.
INDIAN WINS MARAHON.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Nov. 27. Gordon
Coola. ZunI Indian, won a ten mile
modified marathon race here today,
running in a rainstorm, with slippery
mud under foot and facing a strong
wind the last five miles. His time
was officially announced as 51 min
utes. Leon Hallio. Zuni. was a close
second and Robert Attato, Hopi,
third.
ISSUE HUNTERS' BUTTONS.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Nov. 27. Cellu
loid buttons will be Issued to game
hunters in Arizona during the 1920
season, it was announced today at
the office of State Game Wafden Joe
Prochaska. They will be issued with
the regular license, it was said, and
will be worn on the Jackets of hunt
ers as a means of identification for
deputhy game wardens.
KING EMMANUEL TO PAY
VISIT TO UNITED STATES
ROME, Nov. 27. King Victor Em
manuel will go to the United States
next summer, and also will visit
South America, especially the repub
lics of Brazil, Uruguay. Argentine,
Chile and Peru,
Bulletins
FINAL
BR
MINERS;
COAL MINERS
DISSATISFIED
TRIM
John L. Lewis Scores Gov
ernment for Action It Has
Taken in Controversy;
Garfield Silent
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27. An ab
rupt end came late today to all at
tempts to settle the nation-wide' coal
strike by peaceful agreement.
Miners and operators spent a bleak
Thanksgiving afternoon in embit
tered debate over the government
proposal for p. 14 per cent Wage in
crease, made last night by Fuel Ad
ministrator Garfield, rejected it and
every other proposal that was forth
coming and then dissolved, sine die.
Participants went home tonight
and where the break left coal strike
conditions, no one of lliem. miner or
operator would say. Likewise in
governmental circles there was si
lence. Acting President John L. Lewis of
the miners, though refusing to sav
one word as to the strike itself, which
theoretically was called off in obedi
ence to Federal Judge Anderson's in
junction, holding it a violation of the
Lever act for wartime food and fuel
control. soored the government
soundly at the conclusion of the con
ference. So did William Green, sec
retary of the miners.
Operators, though e accepting the
government proposal definitely in a
letter of explanation to Dr. Garfield,
which they made public, intimated
that the government refusal to allow
price increases would bear reconsid
eration. It was behind closed doors that the
conference reached its climax today,
after involving the full attention of
the federal government for two days
previously. There was much heated
oratory, but T. W. Guthrie, of Pitts
burgh, acting chairman of the opera
tors' committee, described the par
liamentary procedure . succinctly as
he came out. The operators, by a
pre-arranged plan, notified the min
ers' committee for the central com
petitive field of their acceptance of
Dr. Garfield's plan. This the miners
promptly voted down. In turn, the
miners put forward a counter propo
sal, that Secretary Wilson's sugges
tion for a. 31.66 per cent wage in
crease he granted, and this the op
erators flatly refused. For the third
time the operators renewed their
formal offer of arbitration, and this
the miners voted down. Unanimous
ly an adjournment was voted.
French Citation Is
Pinned on Phoenix
Youth By Governor
PHOENIX, Ariz., Nov. 27. John J.
Iago, formerly of the fifth regiment
of the marine corps, stood at atten-
I tion this afternoon in the executive
offices at the state capitol building
and heard Governor Campbell read a
citation by Marshal Petain praising
Iago's bravery in the battle of Eel
leau Wood, near Chateau Thierry, on
June 11, 1918. The governor then
pinned on Iago's uniform blouse the
croix de guerre of Fiance with star.
The decoration ceremony was to
have been held at the capitol steps,
with a display of the American flag
and standards of the Arizona regi
ments in the war, but was trans
ferred indoors because of a heavy
downpour of rain.
PALMER WINS.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Nov. 27. Kid
Palmer of Douglas won from Kid
Herman of San Francisco on a foul
in the second of their scheduled ten
round fight held here under the aus
pices of the American Legion this
afternoon. Palmer had his adver
sary in distress, bleeding profusely
at the nose and was on top of him
every minute. Herman repeatedly
hit Palmer low. After warning him
twice, on the third repetition the
if-feree awarded the hout In Palmer.
CR
EAK BETWEEN
ALL NEGOTIATIONS
U. S. NOTE
EL PASO, Tex., Nov. 27. Following is a re-translation of the
Spanish note sent to Mexico by the st?.te department of the United
States:
"Referring .to previous communicationes in the case of the con
sular agent of the United States at Puebla, William O. Jenkins,
I have the honor of informing you thr.t I h?.ve received telegraphic
instructions to notify the secretary of foreign affairs of Mexico,
that in connection with the losses and injuries already suffered by
Mr. Jenkins as the result of his being kidnapped occasioned by
the inability of the Mexican government to give due protection
and his first arrest by Mexican authorities, the government of the
United States of America is surprised and exasperated to learn
that Mr. Jenkins again has been arrested.
"His new arrest seems to my government, according to the
evidence before it, entirely unjustified and an arbitrary exercise
of public authority.
"The government orders me to add that the persistent perse
cution and subsequent harassing of Mr. Jenkins cannot but have
a very serious effect on the relations between the two countries
for which the Mexican government will be solely responsible.
"Therefore, I am ordered to demand the immediate liberation
of Mr. Jenkins.
"Accept, sir, etc.
(Signed) "GEORGE L. SUMMERLIN, charge d' affairs."
The text of the American note, as well as the reply made by
the Mexican government, was received from Mexico City by the
consulate here with instructions to give both documents publicity.
BORAHS
PROGRAM
NEXT SESSION
Idaho Republican Declares
Senate Must Turn Atten
tion Immediate Needs
of American People
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27. Calling
on congress to turn its attention to
the immediate needs of the American
people, Senator Borah of Idaho, Re
publican, one of the "irreconcilables"
in the fight against the league of
nations, outlined in a formal state
ment tonight a program for the com
ing session.
Passage of a bill to declare peace
legisltion to "bring out of chaos"
our transportation system; laws to
enforce governmental economy and
curb extravagance, which he charac
terized as "incredible;" a check on
profiteering; . return of American
troops from Russia and a restoration
of the peace time powers of the gov
ernment in distinction from the war
time powers being maintained, were
the principal measures Senator
Borah advocated.
A declaration of peace. Senator
Borah declared, was "desirable more
for psychological reasons than any
thing else," adding that "the advo
cates of the league continue to harp
upon the proposition that we techni
cally are at war in order to disturb
business and keep it restless and un
settled." "One of the greatest -and best rail
road systems in the world has been
wrecked through incompetency and
politics," Senator Borah's statement
charged, and in his attack on gov
ernment expenditures he declared
"the people are literally being taxed
into Bolshevism."
CAPTURE ALLEGED MURDERER
CHICAGO, Nov. 27. Samuel. Car
dinella, leader of a band of seven men
arrested last week and alleged to have
had a part in at least four murders
and possibly 12, as well as numerous
robberies, was formally charged to
day with two murders. Two of his
companions were charged with bur
glary and robbery.
STRANGE METEOR
CHICAGO, Nov. 27. No scientific
explanation had been made tonight
of the unusual illumination, described
variously as like a ball of fire or flare
followed shortly by a concussion and
observed by residents of three states
last night, but generally it was be
leaved to have been a meteor.
PROTEST LABOR PERSECUTIONS
LONDON. Nov. 27. A protest
against the "continued arrest and
imprisonment of trades unionists in
the United States" was contained in
resolutions adopted at a meeting to
day of th labor "triple alliance'
TO MEXICO
Mexicans, Believing
The World Ends Dec.
20, Commit Suicide
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Nov. 27 Believ
ing that the world will end between
the 17th and 20th of December in ac
cordance with the prediction of the
French astronomer. Porta, not a few
persons have committed suicide in
Mexico City, according to a special
dispatch from the capital to El
iempe, a newspaper published at
Cananea. Sonora. Additional force
has been given Porta's prediction,
the paper says, by the announcement
of the observatory at Tacusaya that
a large new comet recently discov
ered by the Japanese astronomer
Saas Hki, had been located in the
vicinity of the constellation of Pisces.
In making the announcement the as
tronomical observatory issued bulle
tins attempting to reassure the peo
ple, stating that while the new comet
was plainly visible, it- could have no
effect upon the earth's surface.
Porta is said by the dispatch to hav
predicted that a new comet would
appear approximately one month be
fore the end of the world.
SENTENCE RIOTERS.
WINNIPEG. Man., Nov. 27. Con
victed on charges of rioting and un
lawful assembly during the general
strike here last spring, Joe Moss was
today sentenced to two years at hard
labor in the penitentiary. Henry
Gourk, a returned soldier, was given
three months in the provincial jail,
Michael Krarl two years in the peni
tentiary and Thomas SzoauriskI one
year in the provincial jail on the
same charges.
MEXICO SUSPICIOUS.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Nov. 27. Pub
lishing under a Mexico City date line
the recent statement of General
March as to the probable number of
men required to occupy ,and pacify
Mexico, EI Tiempe, a newspaper pub
lished in Cananea, comments edito
rially: "From this it is easy to undersand
that it signifies the latent desire in
the spirit o fthe government of the
United States to intervene ra our
affairs and that in the not distant
future these latent desires will bring
about action."
FORBID USE OF FORCE.
.PARIS, Nov. 27. The Japanese
peace delegation, in announcing to
day that Japan was sending a light
cruiser and two torpedo boats to Fu
Chow, China, for the protection of
Japanese subjects, " said instructions
had been given the commander of
the squadron forbidding the landing
of marines or the use of arms, except
in case of absolute necessity.
SNOW AT FLAGSTAFF.
FLAGSTAFF. Ariz., Nov. 27.
Eighteen inches of snow covered the
ground here late this afternoon and
the storm was still raging. Snow be
gan falling at 4 o'clock this morning.
Trains were behind schedule as they
fought their way through snowdrifts
in mountain passes and local traffic
was at a stunilstill.
OPERATORS AND
ARE AT
COMMITTEE TO
FORR.R. MEN
Trainmen Name Body to
Meet With Hines to Con
sider Proposal For Time
and Half Overtime
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Nov. 27. The
meeting of 500 general chairmen of
the four great railroad brotherhoods
which convened here last Monday to
consider an offer from Director Gen
eral of Railroads Hines of time and
one-half for overtime in slow freight
service, provided all arbitraries and
special allowances were eliminated,
ended late today with the adoption
of a resolution to send a committee,
representing all four organizations,
including the four chiefs, to Wash
ington to confer with Mr. Hines on
the offer. The committee has full
power to accept or reject the offer..
A telegram has been sent asking
for a conference on Tuesday, Dec. 2.
The convention accepted Mr. Hines'
other offer, th"e proposed "held-away-from-home-terminal"
rule, which
means that pay of train and engine
crews will automatically start at the
expiration of 16 hours from the time
of release at away-from-home termi
nals. No strike vote was taken or or
dered during the conference, accord
ing to W. G. Lee, president of the
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen.
The director general's proposition
to put into effect lime and one-half
for overtime in slow freight service,
based on a speed of lesss than 12 Vz
miles per hour, provided all arbi
traries and special allowances now in
various working agreements are
abolished, was neither accepted or
rejected, but instead a resolution
was adopted authorizing the four
chief executives and a sub-committee
of each organization to immediate
meet the director general for the pur-.
pose of determining just what his
proposition meant and wha't arbi-j
traries and special allowances musi
be abolished in order to receive time
and one-half foi overtime.
"Pussyfoot" Johnson
Has Eye Removed as
Result of Mauling
LONDON, Nov. 27. The right eye
of William E. (Pussyfoot) Johnson,
the American' prohibition worker and
organizer of the anti-saloon league,
was successfully removed tonight.
Physicians in attendance explained
that removal of the eye was neces
sary to save the other and also that
the pain could not have been relieved
otherwise.
Mr. Johnson's eye was Injured on
Nov. 13 when he was dragged from
a platform by students while, he was
making a prohibition speech and pa
raded through various streets of Lon
don by the "raggers."
STOP HOSTILITIES.
COPENHAGEN. Nov. 27, The in
terallied commission has stopped
hostilities between the Lithuanians
and the Germans and Russians and
has directed the combatants to retire
to the demarcation line of October
30. according to advices to the Lithu
anian press bureau from Kovno.
COLLEGE HALL BURNS.
BALIMORE, Md.. Nov. 27 McCoy
Hall, belonging to the Johns Hopkins
university, and one of the group of
buildings formerly occupied by the
university before its removal to the
new buildings at Homewood in the
northern part of the city, was burned
late tonight.
FIGHT HOOKWORM.
NEW YORK, Nov. 27. Growth of
the world-wide fight against the
hookworm was announced In the an
nual report of the International
health board of the Rockefeller foun
dation. made public here tonight
SOLVE PROBLEM
AN END
T STEP OF
T
S NOT YET
Carranza Argues Mexico
Cannot Release Prisoner
Who Is Being Tried by
State Authorities
WASHINGTON, Nov 27. Mexico
has replied with an argumentative
diplomatic refusal to the American
government's demand for the immed
iate release of Wm. O. Jenkins, the
consular agent imprisoned at Puebla.
The official note was delivered to
day but not made public. There is no
reason to doubt that it agrees with
the copy given out last night by the
Mexican consul general at El Paso.
No comment was forthcoming to in
dicate how the state department re
gards the answer to what was con
sidered one of the sharpest warnings
yet sent to Mexico and neither was
there any indication of what the gov
ernment's next step would be.
The Mexican reply, which accord
ing to its text was prepared at the di
rection of President Carranza, argues
in the main that the Mexican govern
ment cannot order the release of a
prisoner while his case Is under ad
judication in the civil courts of one
of its states and contends that the
American government's demand for
the consular agent's release had no
foundation or precent in internation
al law.
Some new explanations of the Mex
ican vii-v point, on the Jenkins case,
hitherto unpublished in the United
Slates, are revealed. The tendency of
the Mexican argument is to separate
the Jenkins case into two phases:
First, the situation in which the con
sular agent was kidnapped by ban
dits and held for ransom, and last,
his subsequent arrest and imprison
ment by the civil authorities of Pu
ebla on a charge of having "connived"
with the bandits. The note at hand
deals with the latter case exclusively.
It points out that Jenkins was first
held under what is known to the Mex
ican penal code as "preventative im
prisonment." This provision covers a
situation in which a person is sus
pected of complicity in a criminal
act. He subsequently was held un
der a provision covering "formal im
provement" which under the Mexican
penal code applies when a magistrate
believes there Is sufficient evidence
to establish that a crime has been
committed. The allegation against
Jenkins is that he signed conflicting
statements regarding his kidnaping
and therefore was "guilty of falsify
ing judicial declaration." The note
says Jenkins has opportunity to be
released on bail in the sum ot 1.000
pesos, the equivalent to $500 in Afr
ican money, if reckoned in coin rath
er than Mexican bank notes, and that
Jenkins has refused to avail himself
of it although he has been requested
to do so.
Recalling that Mexican consuls In
the Unied States have "been Impris
oned and that Mexico has never
asked the United States to waive lo
cal law in their cases, the note re
marks that "the Mexican government
cannot concede to American citizens
more rights than Mexicans enjoy In
the United States."
The Mexican note opens with the
observation that the foundation for
the American government's demand
probably "can only be the power of
the country that makes it," and at
the conclusion of a lengthy argument
expresses Its hope that the state de
partment will withhold its judgment
on the Jenkins case until the civil
courts In Puebla have passed on it.
In the note to Mexico the st:,'
department not only demanded
Immediate release of Jenkins but
warned arranza that further moles
tation of the consular agent would
bring relations between the two
countries to a precarious rc-iut.
bOvEKNIEN
DEEDED
h PAGE TWO
THE BIS 15 EE DAILY REYJw
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1919
THE I. W. W. VICTIMS
ERE AND THERE IN ARIZONA
!
HERE AXD THERE ! absolve Mr. Richardson from all!
INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL IS j blame of the affair. j
HAMPERED BY DISPUTE The prospector stopped at the J.!
PHOENIX, Nov. 27. Whether the C. Caudle ranch early in the evening
state will be forced to move the state; and after feeding and watering his
industrial school from Fort Grant to: burros went to Somerton. About S
some more suitable location may de-! o'clock he was returning 10 his camp,
pend on the outcome of a hearing' He was in front of the Pranstettei
yesterday before the superior court home when he was hit by the ma-
of Graham county at Safiord. This
suit involves the water rights of the
siate institution on Post creek, and
if decided in favor of the cattle in
terests, which have brought it, the
state will be put to tremendous ex
pense, either in developing a new
water source or in moving the in
stitution. The controversy was precipitated
last spring when the headgates sup
plying water to the, school were torn
out by some one, and ever since the
management of the school has been
hampered in its attempt to sedufe
sufficient water for domestric and ir
rigation purposes, it is said.
chine driven by Mr. Richardson. "Ac
cording to Mr. McClure, an automo
bile was coming from Somerton at
a high rate of speed, and it was evi
dent that the lights on the machine
blinded Mr. Richardson. Mr, Rich
ardson pulled off the road to allow
the approaching" machine room to
pass and ran down the mining man.
PHOENIX PLANS HOLDING
OF C. E. CONVENTION
PHOENIX, Nov. 27. Phoenix is to
have a Christian Endeavor conven
tion in January. An executive com
mittee meeting of the local Union
Society of Christian Endeavor was
held in the study of the First Pres
byterian church for the purpose or
discussing plans for the first Chris
tian' Endeavor convention held in
Arizona. Various committees were
appointed to make the convention a
huge success, and the executive com
mittee is hard at fork with the de
tails of the big undertaking.
Endeavorers of this city will be
pround to welcome the first state
convention here, for with this meet
ing will come some of the big speak
ers, of the southwest, who are inter
ested in Christian Endeavor work,
besides bringing us in closer touch
with the other Christian Endeavor
societies over the 6tate.
The meeting adjourned until next
Sunday, when the committee hopes
to have plans in a workaBle shape,
and all Endeavorers who are inter
ested are asked to meet at the above
mentioned church at 3 o'clock.
BLINDING HEADLIGHTS
CAUSE AUTO ACCIDENT
YUMA, Nov. 27. An aged prospec
tor, name unknown to the authori
ties, is at th Yuma hospital in a
serious condition as a result of be
ing struck down by an automobile
driven by Mr. Richardson, manager
of the Sanguinetti ranch No. 2, Sun
' day night. Witnesses to the acci
dent, which occurred in front of the
Branstetter home, near Somerton,
i
TRANSACTIONS
Can Be S"fely
Handled through this bank
with the aid of a Checking Ac
count, which has become a ne
cessity to every one a?., busi
ness is done today!
Th's b;ini is strong, its ser
vice prompt, its facilities ex
cellent. ' ' Lot ' : aM your name to its
Lnowin.-r list of dewsitors.
BISBEE ARIZONA
COTTON GINS ENTIRELY
CAUGHT UP WITH WORK
MESA. Nov. 27. Gins of this dis
trict are entirely- caught up with
their ginning today, due to. the heavy
rains and the inability of pickers to
continue their work. Nearly .all ot
the gins closed down Saturday night
or Sunday morning, when they had
completed their ginning of cotton
in storage and on hand.
Cotton prices remain firm. How
ever, sales are not reported in many
instances, and demand seems to
have fallen off in most quarters. Con
signment business of local bales con
tinues to be large, with prospects for
record shipments on this basis at the
end of the week.
Cotton on the stalk in the valley
will not be injured by the recent
rains, t in the opinion of most of the
cotton men. If heavy winds come,
however, they believe he crop may
suffer some. Frosts to date kill the
growth of the plant, and if no heavy
frosts follow the rains, it is possible
the crop . will benefit directly from
the heavy downpours, state some cot
ton men.
& I
IT?
i t
i J jo"? " i i
I -A
.v -. w. - .. .. ,v...v o
, 4 t
:. :-x
1
Centi alia, A ash. These a:e the American Legion men who were shot
down by I. W. W. fanatics during the Armistice Day: parade. They are
left to right (top): Ben CasagradJ and Warren O. Grimm; (bottom), B.
G. Eubanks and Arthur McElfrcsh.
SLEEPS 51 DAYS.
i NEW YORK, ' Nov. 27. A new
sleeping record was established to
day by Mrs. Dora Miniz, whose long
periods of unconsciousness now total
51 days. Dr. R. J. Wilson, superin-
CITIZENS BANK k TRUST CO.
BISBEE, ARIZONA
MEW NEWSPAPER MAKES
ITS DEBUT IN MESA
"MESA. Nov. 27. Tl;e Mesa Tri
bune publishes the following:
The Tribune welcomes to the Mesa
field and to the Southside the South
side Union, a new newspaper, pub
lished in this city and managed by
iocal men. The first publication ap
peared Sunday on time.
Tho Union as it first made its bow
to the public was an excellent show
ing. It carried a large and widely
distributed list of advertising and a
balanced list of news stories, articles
and editorials.
The Tribune wishes the new enter
prize success, and feels confident
that it will ' continue to produce
papers as creditable as the first is
sue. Too much publicity for the
Southside cannot be gained, and we
are certain that the Union will as
sist in bringing to this district the
recognition and the publicity 0 to
which it is entitk-d.
Wc congratulate the managers on
the appearance of their first publica
tion, and again we wish them success.
Comes to U. S.
tendent of the hospital where her
case has puzzled the medical au
thorities, said that her minutes of
wakefulness are increasing and the
patient appears to thrive on a diet of
milk and ginger snaps.
l T
f1 v-
vis
"4 r"
i AN EASIER WAY
I A college professor who was always
' ready for a joke was asked by a stu
' dent if he would like a good recipe for
catching rabbits,
! "Why, es," replied tuw piufessor.
j "What is it?
' "Well," said the student, "you just
crouch down behind a thick stone wall
and make a noise like a turnip."
. "That" may be," said the professor,
with a twinkle in his eye, "but a bet
ter way than that would be for you to
go and sit quietly in a bed of cabbage
heads and look natural."
1
3S - "
ft? . .
j TWO IRRIGATION PROJECTS
I FACE FAVORABLE ACTION
! PHOENIX. Nov. 27. Construction
of two Arizona reclamation projects,
i the San Carlos and Pinal county and
lie Parker on the Colorado river,
1 was declaied a strong probability by
! Judge Otis J. Baughn of the superior
court of Pinal county, returning from
; the western states reclamation con
! ference at Salt Lake City. Judge
j Baughn was an Arizona delegate. The
I others were W. S. Norvell of the
(state water commission; Sims Ely,
i secretary of the Arizona respurce
board; J. W. Lcsuer of Mesa; S. G.
Bailie of the Tucson chamber of
commerce, and George H. Macwell of
Phoenix. Judge Baughn said the
San Carlos and Parker projects were
; recommended to congress in the re
' port of Arthur P. Davis, director of
the reclamation service, who was
! present, at the conference.
i
II
Read the" Daily Review Want Ads.
KIDDIE'S GROUP
MUST BECHEGKED
Dr. King's New Discovery
will do that very thing,
easy and quickly
D'
kON'T gay, "Poor little young
ster I wish I knew what to
do for you!" Just give a
little Dr. King's New' Discovery as
directed and the croupy-cough won't
linger.
A cold Is not to be fooled with.
Get after It at once. Loosen the
congestion, the phlegm-stuffiness,
and the throat-torture.
A family remedy for colds, coughs,
grippe, and kindred attacks. Fifty
years a friend to cold-sufferers.
Fifty years of highest quality. 60c.
and $1.20 a bottle all druggists.
Washington General Antranik, ; Bowels on Schedule Time
the famous Armenian commander, j the be flowing frpe, te fer.
soon will appear before the Foreign j menting body poisons eliminated.
Relations Committee of the Senate ; Dr. King's New Life Pills make the
to answer confidential questions re-1 Rowels function regularly and keep
the system cleansed of gaseous jiu
gardmg Armenia. Antranik fought purities. 25c a bottle, all druggists,
through the war, first with Russia'. .
and then for the Republic of Eni
van.
3 Room house, hu ge lot in War
ren, $1800.00.- Terms. -
4- Room block, house, . latest im
provements, $3800.00. Terms.
6 Room and garage, fine lot, War
ren, $3000.00. Terms.
B-Room fine, modern house, Tank
Hill.
5- Rooiu house anl large sleeping
porch, Quary Canyon.
4-Room adobe, large Int. fruit
trees and well'; a bargain:, in
Wpod Canyon.
Three nice, clean apartments close
in for rent.
Hogan and Seed
Real Estate
Insurance
Phone 10
' WINE SUIT TRANSFERRED
. FROM GREENLEE TO PIMA
! TUCSON. Nov. 27. On a change
j of venue from the Greenlee county
superior court, the suit of R M. Far-
ie!l a:;ainst the Arizona Copper com
! puny for $25,560 alleged to be due
' and unpaid for the manufacture of
! grinding balls for the reduction mills
or the companyhas been transferred
i to tho superior court hem
It is alleged that the plaintiff made
36,100 molds at a cost of 55 cents
each in filling the contract, payment
for which it is aliened was refused.
The change or venue was sought on
I the ground that the plaintiff bclieveu
j he could not get a fair trial in Green-
lee county.
h RAW, SORE THROAT
Eases Quickly When Yrri
Apply a Little Mustarolc.
And MustcroSe won't blister lik-;
the old-fashior.ed irmctr.rd plaster
Just spread it on with your nngsrs.
It penetrates to the spo': with t
'gentle tingle, lcoscr.s tho iongsrrtio i
and draws out tin ccroneas nd- pain.
Musterole a clean, white oint
ment made vrith oil of mustard. It
is fine for quick re!i:f from sorr;
throat, bronchiris, tr-nsilitir, croup, stiff
r.cck, asthma, neur:-.!g:?, headache,
congestion, pleurisy, v'ucur.iatSsm, lum
bapo, pairs zr.d ache:: c: tho back ci
joints,sprains,f:oro:r.v.rc:c,Lriii:iei,chil
blains, froted feet, cold3 on the chest.
Nothing like Musterole for croupy chil
dren. Keep it handy for instant use.
30c and 60c jars; lioscital size $2.50.
M. C. HIG
For Sale
Gradod lot on Clawson Hill; a
bargain.
Lot 105;;105. Arizona street, in
.Warren; corner. A good buy.
Rooming House. 15 rooms, com
pletely furnished, house full; $750
cash will handle this, bal. terms.
4-;ooiu mode;n house in Quarry
Canyon, close to Loretto school.
1-room house, with bath. School
Hill, $500 down, bal. easy term?;.
8 rooms, Oriera. Drive, complete
ly furnished, $llu0
15-room liou.se, fomplotely fur
nished, house full; $750 cash, bal.
terms. ' ' "
1-room house, Jiggerville; cash
$250.00, bal. rerms:
II I Urf
Many Ways to Serve Brer Rabbi
Real New Orleans Molasses
for Breakfast
THE most delicious way is
as a spread for pancakes.
Get GOLD LABEL BRER
RABBIT it is the finest, purest
and most delicious real New
Orleans Molasses.
Next time you have muffins
or waffles for breakfast let the
folks taste how BRER RABBIT
improves everything.
Children prefer molasses on
sliced bread once they taste
BRER RABBIT.
Remember the GOLD LABEL
for table use and high grade baking
the Lrreen Label especial
baking. It costs less!
FREE
All school children
should read the
fascinating travels
of Brer Rabbit.
A Beautiful New
Book free. Write
Penick SC Ford,
Ltd., New Orleans.
Every Housewife knows
(he na,Ve "PENICK &
FORD' on a food means
Always the Best of Its
Kind. 22 yearscf quality.
w r.CCOTi I
iyfor mm
SSSSriWIIIfflll
II fn.1,,,..,. , , , , , rji I
NEW MIJEANS
Motos
When You Eat
If you are provided with an ELECTRIC STOVE TURN
OVER TOASTER and PERCOLATOR the help problem
is no worry.
9 You eat whenever you are ready you do not riy
wait to be served you are independent of the v
kitchen and the failure of incompetent servants
When 011 Iron
Whether it is a shirtwaist to be pressed
or a day's washing to be ironed, an Elec
tric Iron eliminates three-fourths' of the
work and shortens the time surprisingly
When You Sew
The Sew-Motor relieves you of the hardest part of the sewing job that
constant push push of the treadle.
When You Sweep
The Electric Suction Sweeper pushed quietly over the carpet makes it
cleaner than the hardest beating.
When You Wash
The Electric Wash Machine not only solves
the clean clothes problem, but the new
clothes buying as well.
SENATOR SMITH BACKS 1
ANTI-I. W. W. CRUSADE
MKS.V. Nov. 27. Hesolutions ot
the Mesa post. American Lfgion. will!
be presenied lo the United Ktat's(
srnaip with the request that they be,
referred to the proper committee. - J
cording to n letter reeeid rrom :
Senator M. A. Smith of Arizona, in
rrnlv to the Mchh port's letters and
I resolutions denouneinn the Centialia
niiissart r of veterans. Mr. Smith ex
presses hearty approval of the stand
of the local1 post and pledces hisj
support to any movement which will
end in tlVi 'fTTia! JPP!-0'0!1 of the,
1. V. V. and fimllar orgrfnltlou.
If
All Electric Appliances Sold By
BISBEE IMPROVEMENT CO.
wm
IJ life:-
TRY THE REVIEW WANT ADS FOR QUICK RESULTS
t'
Put it in the Cup
Uasfe in Ac cap a! tie taAfcTi
4
ov
Just as you" do Sugar
Absolutely Pure Delicious Cotfee
PHEN pour on boiling hot water and
x tho coffee is r:p.dy. Dissolves instantly.
Stre:"ii;th regulated to suit taste by the quan
tity !-.:crl. Pure coftec absolutely soluble
rciaiiiny all die delicious flavor and quality. :
No ceffee-pot needed
G. Washington Sales Co., Inc.,
334 Fifth Ave., New York
& Jo
S FT
3 y
9 sftff sYTrs A
Pf
J
8 FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1919
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
PAGE THREE
Why Wait for A Car?
. Own a Dort. You will like it
TCJ
FllS
mmtetx
II
1
C3 t.l 4 I
fcl I'll MM S la ffT -
I t
On
4 4
Edited
osepk Buckliri Bishop
COPYRIGHT, 1919 BY:
CHAPLES SCRlBnER'S SONS-
INSTALLMENT FOUR
President McKinley was assassinat
ed in September, 1901. and Roosevelt
immediately assumed the heavy re
sponsibilities of office. His enemies,
(To Joel Chandler Harris.)
White House, June 9, 1902.
MY DEAR Mil. HARRIS:
Your letter, was a great relief to
who thought him safely disposed of, ! Kermit, who always becomes person
found him in a position to wield the ; ally in:erested in his favorite author,
utmost power, but he did nothing start'
ling at first. The Roosevelt children
were naturally excited by the change
in their lives and explored Washing-'
ton with great interest. Not for one
hour in the midst of his new duties,
did the president lose his intimate
touch with all the dreams and whims
of childhood.
The president not only 6ent "pic
ture letters" to his own children, but
an especial one to Miss Sarah Schuy
ler Butler, daughter of Dr. Ntcnoras
Murray Butler, president of Columbus
university, who had written to him a
a, little note of congratulation on his
birthday at the White House.
tin calls'him a polly-parrot who liveB
White House, November 3, 1901.
DEAR LITTLE MISS SARAH:
' I liked your birthday note very
much; and my children say I should
draw you two pictures in return.
.' We have a large blue macaw Quen-
In the greenhouse and is very friendly,
but makes queer noises. He eats
bread, potatoes and cofee grains.
The children have a very cunning
pony. He is a little pet, like a dog,
but he plays tricks on them when they
ride him.
He bucked Ethel over his head the
other day.
Your father will tell you that these
and who has been much worried by
your sickness. Me would be more
than delighted with a copy of "Daddy
Jake." Alice has it Already but Ker
mit eagerly wishes it.
Last night Mrs. Rooevelt and I were
sitting out on the porch at the back of
the White House and were talking of
you and wishing you could be sitting
there with us. It is delightful at all
times, but I think especially so after
dark. The monument stands up dis
tinct, but not quite earthly in the
night, and at this season the air is
sweet with the jasmine and honey
suckle. All the younger children are at
present absorbed in various pets, per
haps.the foremost of which is a puppy
of the most orthodox puppy type. Then
there is Jack, the terrier, and Sailor
Boy, the Chesapeake Bay dog; and
Eli, the most gorgeous macaw with
a bill that I think could bite through
boiler plate, who crawls all over Ted,
and whom I view with dark suspicion,
and Jonathan, the piebald rat, of most
friendly and affectionate nature, who
also crawls all over everybody; and
the flying squirrel, and two kangaroo
rats, not to speak of Archie's pony,
Algonquin, who Is the most absolute
pet of them all. , ,
' iL f-i- ,"ir! fci. ' Nir M
v . -:w.-. iv Xt rv Lids ... i
t4&
if
f, ) A r ir. rv- 7 1
i g Quality Goes ClearThroufh
Thanksgiving Day, 1SC2. "We dined in the new state dining room. Moth er locked just, as pretty as a picture."
THE DOG GEM
White House, Oct.
BLESSED KERMIT:
13, 1902
session was less attractive than pur
suit. When she takes him out walk
ing he carries her along as if she
was a Roman chariot. She thinks tnat
Uncle Will or Eda can anchor him.
Yesterday she and Ethel held him and
got burrs out of his hair. It was a
liely time for all three.
I am delie'htpri at nil tho arimimtc
I receive of how you are doinsr at Oro- GUINEA PIGS
ton. You seem to be enjoying your-(To Mrs- Elizabeth Stauit Phelps
self and are getting on well. I need j Ward)
not tell you to do your best to cul- Whi:e House, Oct. 20, 1902.
tivate ability for concentrating your i At this uloltnt. m' smU daughter
; being out, I am acting as nurse to
pony, and Ethel on Yagenka went off
with Mr. Proctor to the hunt. Mother
rode Jocko Root, Ted a first-class cav
alry hors, I rode Renown, and with
us went Senator Lodge, Uncle Doug
las, Cousin John Elliott, Mr. Bob
Fergie, and General Wood. We had a
three hours scamper which was really
great fun.
Yesterday 1 met Bozie for the first
time since he came to Washington,
nd he almost wiggled himself into a;
fit, he was so overjoyed 'at renewing i
acquaintance. To see Jack and Tom j
Quartz play together is as amusing j
LEAGUE COUNCIL!
1 PSSfc " t ;
i
1 K -
tV nil o h t rTi ii' Y o i civo -wr -mi n
given to do-you will need it in Latin ' ,w0 wte 8uinea P5- wUlch sne teels i AS 11 Vilu ."" ,,ve T r, i
especially. Who plays opposite you at ; uld not be safe save in the room ' more cunning kitten than Tom Quartz.
witn me ana lr 1 can prevent 11 1 11 " ' ji. uo.v . ...v.. --.v. ,
onrl Tr vmi f i f el flint vaii oil r
down well under the ball to tackle Ao not- intend to have wanton sufrer" : ity .uP?n Q"elln becaus 1,eK
the full-back? How are you tackling? , inS m:lic:ed on any creature.
is going to present Gem to .
are pictures of the unpolished stone
period.
Give my love to your mother.
Your father's friend.
Uncle Remus and White House Pets
Uncle Will. She fold him she CTct not !
THANKSGIVING IN THE WHITE
think he was a good dog for the city; j nuusfc
and therefore she gives him to Un-! White House, Nov. 2S, 190
1 ...... a , - .. .. . . TA A TtT 1W1 T " T T" itirp.
cie win 10 Keep in me cuy. uncle uiiunu iuiui ; 1
.Will's emotion at such self-denying Yesterday was Thanksgiving, and
generosity almost overcame him. Gem we all went out riding, looking as we
is really a very nice small bow-wow, started a good deal like the Cumber
but mother found that in this case po-; bach family. Archie 011 his beloved
You D
on
uesuon
't H
the On
ave
to
ality
Questi
The Government settled that
It sent millions of pounds of
TV7
to the troops'Wer there"
more than all other
brands combined.
Ounces fi
BAKING
POWDER
Before-the War and Now
(8)
! the unfortunate Tom into the bath
tub and then turned on the water. He
didn't really mean harm.
Last evening besides our own en
tire family party, all the Lodges, and
1 their connections, came to dinner.
We dined in the new-state . dining
'.room and we drank the Tiealth of you
.pud ail the rest of both families that i
' were absent. After dinner we cleared
away the table and danced. Mother
1 looked just as pretty as a picture and
jl had a lovely waltz with her. Mr.
Lodge and I danced the Virginia reel.
(To Be Continued)
S 4 1
1 I' .' 'IV IS
Car load just arrived and you will have
hurry they will not last long.
Ask any new Dort owner what they
think of Dort value.
Take into consideration the upkeep of a
car and you will come to the conclusion
that when you are able to drive from
twenty to twenty-five miles on a gallon
of gas, from two hundred to five hun
dred miles on a quart of oil, that you
are getting car value. Hit the bumps
hard and watch your springs last. Get
cn any hill and watch this car pull; you
will like it. Place your order now do
not delay.
GET YOUR DORT NOW AND PAY
FOR IT WHILE YOU RIDE. Terms
to suit. See these cars at the
Bisbee Auto Co., Main St.
A. E. Rogers, Rep., Dort Motor Cars
nes:
MRS.
PH1UP
N
MOORE.
Business Locals
ST. LOUIS The National Council
of Women has offered its execuive,
Mrs. Thilip N. Moore, to the president
to be one of the representaiies of the
United States in the League of Na-
! tions Council.
CARD OF THANKS
We wish to thank the many friends
for their kindness and floral offerings
during the sickness and death of our
father, Mr. John Gundry.
MRS. JOHN GUNDRY.
17-11-2S
ANY TIME is a "gorod time to sell
eal estate" if it is well advertised.
siieroiise :
The start and development of busi
ness enterprise requires a banking con
nection of Safety and Good Service.
A bank that can be depended upon
for these essentials is this Bank, which
cordially invites your business.
Only D. S. C. Heroine
I 1 r
1 ...... ...... .........
11 mmmcm
SHOP EARLY
ENTRANCE
ON
SUBWAY
STREET
REAR
OF
MAIN
VISIT OUR TOY
DEPARTMENT
Reliable Advertising
Bisbee, Arizona, Friday, November 28, 1919
The steady progress of this department is substantial proof that the people of sur
rounding territorj' recognize the values offered. Come and investigate and be an
enthusiastic booster.
mm
s Time to Buy Sweaters
150 sample sweaters go on sale Friday morning at 33 1-3 per cent
less than regular value. ' These sweaters are all wool and include
all the new models,' flare and fitted styles, sleeve and sleeveless. The
daintiness in style as well as warmth and fineness of the pure yarns
makes them desirable for Children,, Misses or Women.
SALE PRICES $1.95 to $9.95
NKW YORK As a Red Cross'
Cross worker in France, Miss Andrei s
was the only woman to wm a I). S. C.
and Croix de Guerre. She Is going
hack to Triflis to care for S00.000 refu
gees in western Asia.
Men's Sweaters,
Special $1.45
A heavy cotton sweater in grey only,
collarless style, all sizes. An extra value
at this price. Make selections early.
Children's Union Spits
50c
Bleached cotton in sizes 6 to 12, long
sleeves, ankle length, just the thing for
immediate wear, and they will certainly
please you.
Subscribe for the Daily Review FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1919
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
."AGE THREE
Will It Come to This?
Bouillabaisse
B. P. GUILD, General Manager
S8$r"ir$E i i i
MEMBER ASSOCIATED PRESS
By F. F. M.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES PAYABLE IN ADVANCE
Per Month $...80
Six months ..... : 4.60
Twelve Months ,,, 9.00
Sunday (Weekly) Per Year 2.50
AFTERTHOUGHTS
Thanksgiving Day has come and gone,
The feast was rich and merry;
The turkey is a plate of bones.
With dabs of red cranberry.
And now that we have given thanks
For every doubtful blessing,
So can we turn again to kick
To fretting and to guessing.
The coal strike still is in the air;
The price of sugar's higher;
The threat of Christmas chills the heart
Of everj married buyer.
The load is getting heavier
Upon the cost of living
So let us start anew to wreck
The glory of Thanksgiving.
Statements to Review subscribers are rendered on or about the
first of every month. If you receive The Review through a City
Carrier, he will bring your statement to you for collection. Make
all checks payable to The Bisbee Dally Review. Those desiring
subscriptions for more than one month may secure them by advis
ing The Review office.
A THOUGHT FOR THE DAY
Here's wishing everybody a sound digestion and a hearty appe
tite on the day after.
365 THANKSGIVING A YEAR
wOW that we have tried being thankful for life's many blessings
jvl for a whole day. and have found, as usual, that it agrees with
I l us wonderfully, why stop just because Thanksgiving Day ,is
over? Let us go to breakfast this morning in the same spirit
of thankfulness that we felt yesterday, and a resolve to live in this
spirit of thankfulness from day to day for 363 dajs in the year.
Never bjfore, perhaps, have ws had so much to .be thankful for.
We have victory over the Hun, with the saving of the world for
democracy; we have the inestimable birthright of American citizen
ship, and calm confidence in the knowledge that the howl of radical
ism in these United States is but an idle, feeble breath against the
staunchness of that citizenship; we have a land at the zenith of its
prosperity clearly indicated for the future; we should be grateful
even for the temporary worries and problems of the post-war period
of readjustment, as a stimulus to our ingenuity and an opportunity
to display to the world the indomitable nature of Americanism.
Each of our great national holidays has a fine moral lesson for
us. If a salutory lesson, why discard it as soon as the anniversary
of each particular occasion is over? Why not continue the ethical
or religious inspiration of all our holidays daily throughout the year?
"Peace on earth, good will to men," and the spirit of fellow-love
in .which gifts are exchanged and the needy provided for. is not
applicable to Christmas Day alone. To take one's patriotism down
off the bhelf. dust it off, and wave it aloft on the Fourth of July is
not sufficient. The things for which we give thanks on Thanksgiv
ing Day are just as much with us on all other days of the year.
Let us have 365 days of Thanksgiving gratitude, Christmas leve
and cheer, and Fourth of July Americanism, every year.
BISBEE SHOULD LEAD IN UNITED AMERICAN
MOVEMENT
y ELKGATES to the state convention of the United Americans,
I g to be held in Phoenix the first day in December, will be se
9 lected tonight at a meeting of the main committee of the
Bisbeo branch of the organization, formed early this week.
The delegates to the state convention, in turn, will elect delegates
to the national convention. i
Now is the time for every loyal Bisbee citizen to take his stand
with the United Americans, the purpose of which is to give the big
body of American citizens an opportunity to co-operate with the
4,000,000 fighting men of the American Legion, in taking an uncom
promising stand for 100 per cent Americanism against the I. W. W.
murderers and other radicals within the nation.
Bisbee has had first hand experience with the foe within, and
that at a crisis in the nation's history. The United Americans is
an organization, destined to grow rapidly, which will prevent such
conditions as that with which Bisbee suffered in the spring and
early summer of 1917. The United Americans, co-operating with the
service men of the American Legion, who have already thrown their
tremendous moral strength into the fray, will drive radicalism back:
to the foreign shores from which it came, and prevent the recurrence
f such hideous treacheries as ' the Centralia murders of American
patriots by the t. W. W.
It behooves every citizen in the Warren District who calls him
self a loyal American, to join the new patriotic organization. It
behooves Bisbee to be first in the state with a practically 100 per
cent membership in the United Americans.
THE HARVEST
FOR three years organized radicalism hidmg behind the cloak of
labor has blackmailed this nation. Honest labor was made a
party to the outrage simply because it belonged to the organi
zation which was being exploited for revolutionary ends. The
public, which is always friendly .toward labor, was deceived by the
wolf cry of "capital vs. labor." Dynamiters and murderers were
"martyrized" as "heroes" of the "class war." All during the war
this radical element held up the government at the point of a gun
and secured one demand after another. Radicalism was pampered
in every way, while it was always ready to bite the hand that fed it.
Thinking men realized the danger and constantly pointed out that
the fight was not one of capital vs. labor, but that it was a straight
fight of Americanism -s. anarchy.
Events have proved th:t they wore right. The deadly plans of
the I. W. W., the Bolshevist and every enemy of the United S'ate.y
cam" to light in the Boston police strike, the s'eel strike and the
coal strike. In no uncertain manner has 1 lie public been shown that
organized labor has been used as a thield behind which organized
anarchy worked and that honest workmen have been blinded as mucu
as the general public by the propaganda spivad.
' The climax to the near revolution which has been in progress
in this country came at Centralia when overseas service men in the
armistice day parade were shot down in cold blood by tlo "martyrs"
and "heroes" of organized radicalism that have been pampered ana
fattened and protected in this nation.
No longer can the issue be clouded by the false cry of "capital
vs. labor." Industry has suffered without redress and with but
slight protection acainst these organized anarchists.
The Centralia tragedy should burn the fact into the minds of
all persons entrusted with enforcement of the law that the I. W. W.
and all similar revolutionary organizations are engaged in war on
the United States. They have followed guerilla methods and have
enjoved immunity. Wrecking machinery, defiling food, spiking logs,
sowing sedition and obstructing the draft are only milder acts of
war than open attacks on loyal citizens. Because they have been
permitted to commit these iesser crimes with impunity they have
been emboldened to the greater crime of murder.
The Centralia boys who were murdered may he truly the saviors
of their country as their death has finally awakened this nation to
the perils threatening it.
God is good to pedestrians in Upper Tombstone canyon, consid
ering the number of ati'os: which go by at nielli with undimmed,
blinding headlights, which are a menace no matter how slow the
motorist is traveling.
Now that the Thanksgiving turkey is disposed of, tiie cry of "do
your Christmas shopping early" is next.
I,),i't for get Jhat the hoys overseas have double reason for ap
preciating Christmas gifts. Ail mail for the American soldiers on
the other side of thy Atlantic must be in Hohoken by December 8.
which means that they must leav Bisbee within the next tew days.
p is the irony of fate (ha! a notorious i. W. W. leader of these
parts should he finally brought to hook an.l sent to prison for ;- year
on the t'ni!uraivev inno'-uyvs felon v Haire of mounshintng.
Senator Blank discusses the 403rd amendment to the League of Nations Peace Treaty!
Turning Back the Calendar
Sixteen Years Ago in Bisbee
(Editor's Note: As no Review was
isued on the morning following
Thanksgiving in ekher 1902 or 1903,
the below is taken from the Review of
Saturday, November 2Sth, 1903. This
section will be resumed tomorrow
morning with news gleaned from the
columns of the Review for Saturday,
November 29th, 1902.)
gle and took him to the ofJce or Jus
tice Brown, who turned him over to
Marshal Mullen and Sheriff Lewis.
Discharge papers from the army found
on the man gave his name as Thomas
Grady.
PEPY'S DIARY IN BISBEE
Nov. 27. Up early this me-ning, and to town in such a wind as I thought
would blow me from the street, which made me think that Bisbee had one
thing to be thankful for, in that such Hurries do not come more often. Did
i;c-e a smokestack blown from the top of a building, which fell in Main street
with a clatter, frightening the women and giving much chance for conver
sation among the men. who smoked heavily and wondered if the wife was
getting along with dinner. Many to Douglas today to see the boxing con
tests, and they all are stung pretty badly, which comes from not taking
advice about that city. And with the wind and the cold, the disappointment
end the loss of their Thanksgiving ; dinners they complained loudly. Did
hear Tex Barton tell-about the mud in Texas, which was mighty entertaining,
but soon he stretched the truth to far I thought it would snap, so I left,
somewhat disgruntled that my own reputation for such stories should go
to wreck in a police station. To my house for dinner, finding that the store
had not delivered a roasting pan for the turkey, and so my wife, having a
new dish-pan cocked the bird in that, and it tasted line, but I think the pan
is ruined, she having had to bend it to get it in the oven. We both thankful
that she had the pan and so did not have to cut up the turkey and fry it,
which we both thought would have made a deuce Of a dinner, only I said
it harder than that. As usual, so much cranberry sauce that I will have
steady for several days, which is another reason I am glad Thanksgiving
Day comes on'.y ence a year. To town again in the evening, the wind whist
ling past my ears and making me jealous of fat men, who always seem so
warm. No news at all today, but some work at the office, where I found
a good cigar and labored pleasantly for a while, and then home, wondering
C7 the way why women who wear low-necked waists do not wear more
when the wind is cold. So to bed, thankful for everything but the price of
sugar, which should not, I afterwards thought, worry me, as I cannot get any
even when I have the price.
ENTERTAINING THE GUEST
A social note from the Menominee Herald-Leader: Mrs. Joseph Weso
lcski entertained a party of friends at a 6 o'clock dinner complimentary to
A FAIR EXCHANGE. I Miss Sophie Wesoloski, her guest from Cincinnati. Progressive peanut was
"Miss Olsa Dorfner. swimming' the diversion of the evening, prizes being won ty Miss Clara Cushman,
j champion, has given up the one-pieca first, and the guest of honor capturing the booby prize.
I bathing suit .for a bridal veil." Mil
I waukee Journal. 1
Bet there was some crowd at that!
wedding.
SMILE WITH US
-0
Rumor that there is to be a cut in
the wages of men employed by the
Caluet and Arizona was categorical
ly denied yesterday by Supt. I. L.
.Merrill. Supt. Walter Douglas of the
Copper Queen stated that in his opin-
MAYBE SO
i
BUSY.
"Bliggins says hp attends strictly
to hi own business."
"But what is his business?"
"Just there seems to be the trou
ble. He has somehow made it his
business to attend to everybody's
business."
A DELICATE SENSE.
'Which is tne most delicate of the
ion there w.ill be no cut in the wages , rer.ses?" asked the teacher,
by any mining company operating in
the Warren District.
Bisbee celebrated
Last night, just a few moments
and as a number of miners were com
ing home from their work, ' a lone
highwayman appeared at the section
house below the smelters, and with a
revolver held up every pedestrian that
that came along. He had held up four
single men and had gotten from them
the munificent sum of five cents.
.Ills' then a nartv of four men came
along and he stopped them and back- Douglas team 17 to 0, Bisbee roling
ed them up against a wall. He was 1 up its entire score in the first, half,
about to relieve them or tnetr val-! Races and field sports preceded the
uablcs when he heard footsteps ap-1 game. Music was furnished by the
proaching and stepped out to throw Copper Queen band, which neaced a
his gun into the face of R. E.' Price, parade to the depot to take the train
"The touch," said young Jones.
"How's taht?" asked the teacher,
and Jones explained: "Well; when;
Thanksgiving you sit on a pm, you can t see u, you
with an athletic carnival at Don Luis, can't hear it, you can't taste it, butj Now
The Bisbee football team defeated the it's there." Edinburgh Scotsman. turkey w
"The wind i3 tempered to the lamb,"
Is one of many tunes
When there's no sugar we may save
The wear and tear of spoons!
LIES OF THE DAY
Charlie Roberts is not lucky in that Thanksgiving Day comes before
election day.
The ministers are making a hit in protesting against boxing.
Or against anything else.
Douglas is more popular than ever since yesterday.
The I. W. Wis spent yesterday in giving thanks for being allowed to
live in the best country on earth.
Bisbeeans did not wear satisfied looks after the dinner hour yesterday.
o
Daily Thought fci Married lien
Now that we have solved successfully the problem of the Thanksgiving
e can begin to worry about the Christmas goose.
IN THE WORLD OF WOMAN
a miner in the Spray shaft.
ducked and closed with the
clasping him round the waist with
one hand, while he seized the high
wayman's gun with the other. . He
1 1
Price 1 for Don Luis.
man,
Albert L. Young of Cananea is up
from the Sonora' mining center on bus
iness and will remain in Bisbee un
subdued the robber after a brief strug-, tila fter the first of December.
liflCi r
w ill iwiiimiii
S4H.8.I
1 iLU U1L li tlZ lifl LUi LUMJ Ui' VJ
DAILY SMILE FOR WOMEN.
Visaing MuyoiDicin't the vomcn
elect Rabbles for mayor?
Alderman No; he became en
gaged to all the girls in town in or
der to get their vote, and they found
it out and defeated 'him. Detroit
News.
Shipping Traffic Under Her Thumb
1
irrm
: 1 1 : 1 1
A Daily Health Column Conducted by the United States Public Health
Service by Direction of
RUPERT BLUE,
Surgeon General, U. S. Public Health Service.
MENU FOR TODAY.
Try what you have left over from
Thanksgiving.
!.
PIMPLES AND BLACKHEADS.
rimples and blackheads constitute
a very frequent skin disease most
often in adults, the trouble being an
inflammation of the oil glands of the
skin and a blocking up of the outlet
of these glands.
The disease runs a chronic course
and in the majority of cases, even
when untreated, disappears as adult
age is reached. There are, however,
many exceptions to this, and it is
not true, as some say, that all cases
ct well by the time thirty is passed. j
When properly treated the results' of pimple.-;. Powders, lotions and
a;c urually gratifying, but in whicn , ointments, the composition of which
1 he disease is very obstinate despite' tt: u. it he governed by the conditions
kilful treatment. p;e.-cnt. are all useful. In addition
It is well to employ both syste-; '!lis- "Rentier, must be paid to the
"UNCLE SAM, M. D.," will an
swer, either in this column or by
mail, questions of general interest
relating only to hygiene, sanita
tion, and the prevention of dis
ease. It will be impossible for
him to answer questions of a
purely personal nature, or to pre
scribe for ' individual diseases.
Address:
INFORMATION EDITOR,
U. S. Public Health Service,
WASHINGTON, D. C.
RECIPE FOR TODAY.
ROQUEFORT CHEESE DRESSING.
' L tablespoons chee (domestic or
! imported)
! 3 tablespoons olive oil.
j 2 tablespoons vinegar.
' 1-S teaspoon dry mustard. j
1-2 teaspoon salt. ,
! 1-2 teaspoon sugar. . j
I l-S teaspoon popper. !
leat oil into cheese. Add season-;
Beat vinegar lino cneese m'x ;
drop by drop. Serve at once, j
ins;s.
lure,
matie and local treatment, in fact.
I 1 ..an.-in;
SIMPLICITY FROCK'S CHARM, j
NEW YORK, Nov. 27. One of the j
most recent realizations of the east-
ern designer':; dress has a simplicity
which should charm the debutante,!
whether she neids a dinner gown j
or afternoon frock. j
Brown faille sdlk makes the dress!
itself, with full, long overskirt. and.
wai.it shirred to a panel in the from.
Rounding neck is softened with a
fold of tose chiffon, and tne very
short sleeves are trimmed with.
In own ostrich. A touch ol ne same
brown ostii'h is elfeclive
on
the
of the skin, to friction anu
jthe foimer is sometimes of morn im-: 'aue jn order to improve the
I wortanre. Exercise in the open air. Icirculat ion. to expression of the ccm-
I ceula-.- lmlhinsr. free action of th'' ol blackheads, and to the! skirt
bowels, a nutritious diet these are;i1-'ur us' r antiseptics. In stub-,
j important aids to success in treat- "' . :ts,'S application of X-ra
I 1111. ill A ;i rill,. imrL- vj:il nulrii'S i tS UbCIlll.
! lii-h sauces and gravies, and tea and: In recent yeass certain classes of asked the class last Sunday when col- .jni0U
coffee should he omitted. When' tins .1 h:ivp han sii! lection was taken to tell her some n
I regular exercise and regulation of j , . ,,..,. ,,, ..... ... j proprlale quotation
in many cases this form of treat
tnent has been without value.
X?0 BisTscsf
Mi-s Elizsb:th Rcbinnon, general tra.'f c manager, at her desk.
NEW YORK. Nov. 27. -The young
est corporation manager in the world
AN APPROPRIATE QUESTION ' and the only woman imss of a big
Bobbv's teacher in Sunday school shipping business is Elizabeth Kob-
the diet do not relieve constipation,
(laxatives may he needed. (Tod liver
I oil has been recommended.
Hobby promp'ly piped up.
"A fool and his im-ney are
part '-d."
down" ?1J a week working in Phila
delphia. Now she gets $4000 a car,
and besides owns an interest in the
burin's;; of the company, of whicn
die is also a director. . Young, mod
M. pretty, glossy-haired, and black-
ulin if : 1 i'ii-1 willi an iHii',i !it 'n . I Vtil 1in liifiLu likn a liiturtHni?
Ill Broadway, and she is general j 'c'.u.ol gh I. but what she doesn't
i traffic imuuger for a shipping firm know about tialfic conditions, ship
j which does business all over thtflpitu; tales, "bottoms," demurrage,
world. i customs. r." hods of packing, and all
ap-
Sin
is a
I wenty-one year-obl j
No. ,
Tbo lot al or external treatment k, of T-s;-ijt iiil Uiiportjni. iu mod tu.iCo, Bobby's a,e is (i ;uir;
1
Three cars ago she was ' drawing the te -i ef it. simply isn't known! FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1919
THE BISBEE DAILY RE VIEW
PAGE FIVE
LOCAL IN THE REALMOF SPORT - - - WORLD
.. ... - 'MMFlMMMMiMMtttaMMMMPaMMiatmJM ppppn, j mi n jiM IIIBIIWi- IM IIIB WlMMI
HIKER IK MEET DOUGLAS EASY pw Mm ,a4! MM Ma
WAI LHLLiU IN 1T1S FDR isosf nWtyo
llfll I I I1UUUU I MIIIII llllllllll
W W W 1 W W W W 1
l , . rj ? I
Now that Thanksgiving Day and
the Douglas fight card have become
things of the past, the card which
has been arranged for December 11
by the Bisbee Athletic club will take
the center of interest for the local
fans. The decisive manner in which
"Happy" Woods, the Tucson whirl
wind took Frenchie Desmarias down
the line for a beatiig on Wednesday,
is taken as the strongest of indica
tions that Johnnie Myer will have to
extend himself to the limit to get
within reaching distance of the decision.
Myer is working out daily and an
nounces that he is the best of condi
tion and that his bout with Woods
will show that he is in the main
event class. Myer has had a contin
ued string of victories and draw de
cisions' since he took up the fighting
game, and he has been going strong
er all the time, so that his friends
declare that the end of his battle
with Woods will find Myer the win
ner by long odds.
The announcement that Tony
Ochoa. the fast Tucson feather-1
weight, may meet George Burns of
Lowell on December 11, has arounsed
much Interest. Ochoa is known as a
hard hitter, a clever boxer and one
of the fastest men of his weight in
Arizona. If he tangles with Burns,
who is getting better with every
fight, the fans are due to see a con
test that will be as good as the main
event.
The remainder of theard is being
arranged as quickly as possible, and
definite announcement of the com
plete program will be made within
a day or two, according to Manager
French and Matchmaker Loughrey.
The annual turkey day gridiron
contest between Bisbee and Douglas
which took place yesterday afternoon
was won by Bisbee by the score of
C8 to 0. The Douglas eleven was
never within reach of Bisbee's goal,
and the entire game was just one
touchdown after another for the fast
local gridironers.
The whistle blew for the opening
of the game about 3 o'clock, and
from that time on the Bisbee eleven
kept constantly plunging through the
BY TRIS SPEAKER,
Manager Cleveland Baseball Club
Some one asked me why I needed
an outdoor vacation after the close of
the baseball season. The questioner
forgot for the moment the strenuous
finish in the American League. I wad
under some strain from the day 1 took
over the managerial reins until the In
dians were finally were counted out of
the running and that was pretty late
in the season. I certainly needed to
get out in the woods and cn the lakes
where the only sounds were "the call
visitor's line for long gains. The " lue WUQ- " was Pr"y nam to
feature of the first half of the game et tnat 1919 baseball race off my
mind. Now I'm back and ready for
another tustle for the old flag, and
was the plunging of the Bisbee back
field. It seemed as if nothing could
stop .them. Landrum, Scott, McDon-jif Cleveland wins next year, under my
aid and Salmon would dive through , management I'm going to give some
the line time after time and the first credit to the Canadian hunting and
half ended with the game safe In i fishing trip just completed.
Bisbee's hands. The' schedule makers of the uni-
In the second half the local boys : verse, when they creatd seasons for
tried many forward passes, but such j fishing and hunting, gave to mankind
a strong wina was mowing iu.ti a; the opportunity of the supreme in
great many were incomplete. This
half was featured by the number of
sport.
Since the days of my childhood I
gains mac were mnue uu iuiy:u have been an ardent lover and an ac.
passes by both teams.
Inspite of the heavy wind
threatening rain a crowd of
turned out to see the game.
and tive exponent of rod and gun and of
g00 the joys that they brought my way.
UKe every oiner Doy ot tne clan, tnere
Football Results
At Cincinnati: Miami 14; U. of Cin
cinnati 0.
At Philadelphia: U. o f Pennsyl
vania 24; Cornell 0.
At Pittsburgh: Pennsylvania State
20; University of Pittsburgh 0.
At -New York: Brown 7; Colum
bia 7.
were the days of the "bent pin" and
"deadly" slingshot and the "hl-power"
air rifle.
t
.
1- -
41 f '
As in baseball so have I been in for musky fishing, according to re
hunting and fishing. Graduating from ports there, we had what I thought
one class to another iuto tiie b
league of both. Bird and duck u;;oo:
iug in Texas and other southern
states; deer and uiiKxy hunting in
the south and t.'iui iiaving my base
career, w.id with it part of my
hunting
V. iiia: m Boston, with the Boston
Heu bux, 1 had au invitation tuhunt
big game in New Brunswick. Not
only did I make that trip, but a num-
unusually tood luck as the nrst day
out I lauded au eight pounder and on
the, second day of fishing a big fel
low of 25 pounds and 4 ounces was
brought in the canoe without gaff or
landing net. This big frllow was
n j Mtiung trips, in the north, j lauded on Kice Lake on light tackle.
a phainton minnow being the lure that
turned the trick.
After the strike my Indian guide
stopped that canoe and during the
her of others as well. .During which battle that followed my heart sunk as
time I bagged some splendid trophies the old boy got weeded, but as 1 look
4 it
4f
i Vfifr fr; fa if?4ihi J
ol' Canada's big game, while each trip
brought me closer to a wonderful na
ture and resulted in ;he making of
up in niy trophy room and gaze on
that splendid old warrior the "might
have beens" are far away and only the
some of my closest and wuimest of memory of brilliant fighter, game to
friendships.
This fail my Canadian fishing and
hunting trip was made into Ontario,
with ie on the trip was Leslie Nunna
maker, my old hunting pal and former
catcher of the Boston club, now one
the last, comes back to me.
Both Leslie and myself hooked and
landed several other nice "muskeys"
while Ackerman got in some good
licks with the ducks, which goes to
prove the Kawarthas excellent fishing
ot my catchers on the Cleveland and hunting grounds for tne man who
team, and Morris Ackerman, noted
tJ, 1 Soi 1 ? LIZA ! .eKK .i
Las Nunamaker, Tris Spea ker and Morns Ackerman.
fish and game writer and N. E. A.
j contributor.
leaving Cleveland the middle of Oc
' tober we journeyed up to Petersbur
J cugh, Ont., to put in a week or two
i on the Kawartha Lakes ana on Rice
Lake, fishing for muskalcnge and duck
shooting. Although late in the season
loves to fish and hunt and who can
firange his vacation for that season
of the year.
(To Be Continued)
Head the Daily llevlew Want Ads.
BY RAZZ BERRY
Got any Morans in your town?
The Morans are making mere
j ran wasn t'there; the captives were
, gents with bristling wmskers and
much propaganda.
U. of A. Eeats
Occidental In a
Onesided Game
Penn Closes With
Defeat of Cornell
The Warren-Bisbee district is one of
the largest copper producing regions j
In the world. It's possibilities are yet
unknown and its population is rapidly
increasing. Interest your friends and
relatives in this locality by sending
them a subscription to the Review.
Read, the Daily Review Want Ads.
Begy's Musarine
Astonishes All
Money Back, Sr.ys Druggists, if
Begy's Must?.rine Isn't By Far
the Best Mustard Preparation
At Morgantown, W. Vo.: U. of specks big spots on the map. There
West Virginia 7; Washington and is Fitchburg, Mass., home of Pat Mo
Jefferson 0. ran, manager of the world champion
At Detroit: U. of Detroit 21; Holy Re(s.
Cross 7.
At Lawrence, Kan.: Missouri 13; i An there j ... ,
A BIG YELLOW BOX FOR 30 CTS.
Ask your druggist to show you a
box of Begy's Mustarine; he and
every other druggist in America is
authorized to return your money if
it does not do as advertised.
Doctors have prescribed it for 19
years. It's the original, and best im
provement on the old-fashioned Mus
tard Plaster, and quickly stops rheu
matic pains, neuritis, neuralgia and
lumbago, and instantly relieves ton
sililis, pleurisy and bronchitis.
Just rub it on, and over night
away goes sore throat, coughs and
chest colds.
For sprains, swellings and all
aches and pains, it has no equal, i
while for sore feet, nothing , yet dis- j
the quickest pain killer on earth. Be
sure it's Begy's always in the yel
low box.
S. C. Wells & Co., LeRoy, N. Y.
Kansas 6.
At Lancaster. Pa.: Gettysburg 3;
Franki nand Marshall 0.
At East Lansing: Michigan Aggies
7; Wabash 7.
At Lincoln: Nebraska 3; Syra
cuse 0.
At Seatte: Washington 7; Califor
nia 0.
At St. Louis: Washington Univer
sity 7; St. Louis University 0.
At Houston: Arkansas 7; Rice 40.
At Baltimore: Johns Hopkins 0;
Maryland State 14.
At Omaha: Creighton 7; South Da
kota 0.
At Des Moines: Ames 14; Drake 0.
At. Nashville: Vanderbilt 3;
Suwanee 21.
At New Orleans: Washington and
Lee 7; Tulane 0.
At Atlanta: Georgia Tech. 7; Au
burn 14.
At Portland, Ore.: University of
Oregon 15; Multnomah A. C. 7.
Lew Tendler Knocks
Out Noye in Second
of Charles Moran, coach of the cork
ing Center Sollege team of Danville,
Ky.
All Charles does now is to umpire
in the National League -six months,
coach the football team at Center, run
a big grocery store in Horse Cave,
The mayor of Fitchburg offered to j manage one of the largest tabucca
evacuate in favor of Pat, but the lat- j plantations in that part of the state,
Bu: Charles might consider a jcb
like that in Horse Caver-f-whieh is ,a
town and not a hole in the Kentucky
mountains,.
ter decided managing the Reds was
enough of a job.
LEFT EARFUL
American Legion men raided the
and attend to various duties connect-
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 27. The
University of Pennsylvania fooiball
TUCSGa7,- Nov. 27. Arizona COin-'team Hnsfr1 lu spnsnn tnilav with a
j pleted her football schedule today by j brilliant victory over Cornell in their
, defeating the crack Occidental elev- j annual Thanksgiving day game, 24
en dv a score ot zi to 0, in a S'J-1 to 0.
mile i;ale. j The Quakers showed superiority !
Oxy was outclassed by the Wild- over Cornell in every department of j
cats although she outweighed the j the game and their goal- line was
Arizonas by a few pounds. Smith, : never in danger. The Red and Blue '
guard.... Maular, end, and Louis Slo- j played a wide open game, forward j
naker, star quarterback, played a passes netting many yards and two;
phenomenal game. The vicious tack- J touchdowns. i
l'.ng of Gyp Manzo, right half, was
also a feature.
This his been a successful year for
Arizona, she having lost only one of
lair of the "Cincy Reds," but Pat Mo- Cave was wished off onto him.
GIVING LEGION START
.1 i f i - - i
t?u wiiiii. ne owning oi real estate ana her seven games. Pomona College
being a big frog in a little puddle. : uas the only team to score against
So it wouldn't be any hardship on the Arizona Wildcats defeating the
Chai?y if .the mayorship of Horse Arizonans bv a score of 19 to 7.
A $5,000.00 stoi TOr you to celect
from ror that printing job. Pnoca 39. j
I t&xrm. ill JUl urn ttffttUIWU.LJ.il--
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 27. Lew j
Tendler of Philadelphia knocked out t
Johnny Noye of St. Paul in the sec- j
ond round here today. Tendler
caught Noye with a left hook to the
right eye.
! Benny Leonard, lightweight cham
pion, and Soldier Bartiield of Brook
lyh battled to a draw. There was
little action, neither fighter showing
at his best. Willie Jackson of New
York won a contest from Pal Aloran
of New Orleans.
fill 'ffil
L . :, , s, A f4 K'.v -
& T ' x . ?
' 1 ' - "
I About a half dozen of Arizona's grid
: iron stars will be on the all-south-j
western team this fall,
j Coach J. F. McKale of the varsity,
j pronounced this year's team the
I equal of any former years.
j Herman Too Clever
I Fdr Orleans Boxer
I JERSEY CITY,. Nov. 27. Pte i
1 Herman of New Orleans, the world's
bantamweight champion, outfought
I Mickey Uussel, a local- boy. in an
j eight bout which went to the limit
! today. Russell put up a plucky fight
but the champion was too clever for
; him. Herman weighed llO'a and
i Russell 116.
Washington Defeats
California, 7 to 0
Let us bid on that next printing
Job with you. We can save you mon
ey. Phone 39, Review.
I .
j SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 27. Wash
i ington's backfield, particularly Kay
I Eckman, plunged through the Oali-
fornia line for a 7-0 victory here to
j day. Washington was able to gain
j consistently by the use of straight
Oi'&aniHt inn nf frmthutl 1 lio rtun :lip hpincr a fail-,
the American Le?ion are Col. H. D Lindsey .left). Col. Theodore Roose-' ure on. both sides cn account ot lhe
velt (middle) and Caspar G. Bacon, t
- ' " " ' 1 " n-iujiuiaij i JllUtl. 1 Jit ( M . 1 (I Ill V (1 1 1 1 "
' ' territory three-fourths of the time.
MINNEAPOLIS The three promin- ent figures in the
j tive committee.
SPORT WORLD STARS 10 MY IU K FELT THANKFUL YESTE
vJ yCX f J uil
ILL-
ing That
I Serves Yoa
Barrett Everlasting Roofings
Everlasting Slate Surfaced
Roofing is an unusually artistic
and durable roll-roofing, sur
faced with crushed slate in
red or green. For roofing the
better class of buildings and
also for use in valleys, on flat
roofed dormers, etc., where
Everlasting Shingles are used
for the main roof. Nails and
cement in each roll.
Everlasting "Rubber" Roof
ing the most popular roofing
of this type, now in use on
thousands of buildings in all
parts of the world. It is tough
pliable, elastic, durable and
very low in price. The great-,
est value in in each roll.
Ask Us For Full Information
Bisbee Lumber
Company
EMIL MARKS, Mgr.
LoweM Car Stop. Phone 25
Best I
9L
a hi
Would yoa t&iow
a ten dollar bill
in the ditcfc
Or may be a twenty or a fifty
or more. Of course not. If
you let your contract for your
house without getting our fig
ures you do that very thing.
Lumber,, Shingles, Lath, Wall
Board, Paints of all kinds, Roof
ing. All the very best made
and the price the very lowest
possible.
in mi er Co,
ASK THOSE WHO
TRADE WITH US
Phone 88
J. W. F. SMITH, Mgr.
IIJ m llWWMHIiWUljMIW WHMU
i
CO.,
Jcrciv.-, if Rlidc Coir.frt-
St:i!ri f ab'e with
av. : rj.'Vs.in of Follu.;.: I.ot'.on. fi.i'ov cJ hv a
ncl.t i :: Ae vilii S a.p Fcniadtr tuci takiug
Hct Ci! Treatment
(3 j Relief ij nui.l.ivr" . ?.initl a ntv etowth of
; hair ttuuu.i-.id. Full ir.tuiawtion.
McDonald's Marinello Shop
! Phone 305
Around the., festive., board., of the his hopes of a world's champion ball to conquer. ten months. ink and
sport fans were seated yesterday in club were denied, still can be thankful The sport fan, smiling over the re- Willie Hoppe, supreme in the world -j
:f.i. .u.:.-. - . . .. . . .. .. wasted.
spirit it noi in ne&n, fciiarnpiuii new inai ne won ine cnampionsmp in me urn ot sports arter tne eclipse by war of biliiards, sees no rival to mar his
and old. American League. bearin in his hands the turkey sym- thanksgiving dinner.
Walter Hagen, winner of tne metro- Seated next to him we have Pat bol of Thanksgiving. And the unknown, too. is there. The cheer with rinht nj iii i-
of a year which has brought to each
good white paper will be
All partook of their tnanksgiving
politan and open golf championship, Moran, leader of the world's champion Jack Dempsey, no longer a conten- college football champion, the hero of
IhrM Reds ntnftmilu nafinn 1 1 f unnn a 4r Hut Th f.hamnin ' rmita, .U. ..JAM t . . r
"Kid" Gleason, smiling even though world in which there is nothing left thankfully when he thinks of the pas and over the naming of whom much much of profit and pleasure.
1 1
Save half of your earnings or as much as it is possible and you
will have developed a habit that is responsible for the prosperity
of most of the successful business men of today.
It isn't what you EARN, but what you SAVE that puts you
on Easy Street.
Miners and Merchants Bank
BISBEE, ARIZONA FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1919
PAGE SIX
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW,
SEEK GROWN OF HUNGARY
rV ;
W - ' ' I k Xi !
Jxv I ran s
BUDAPEST Rulcrship of the new state of Hungary is the goal of
these members of realty. They are 1 eft to right (above), former Emperor
Charles of Austria-Hungary and Ca rol, crown prince of Rumania; (below)
the Duke of Abruzzi and the Duke o f Teck.
i .
Mr IRE
AT THE CHANG
Friends of Mrs. Shields Are Aston
Ishrd by Her lm-.
"rovement.
"When th;r told me nothing could
help me" sad Mrs. P. L. Shields ol i
.....
interview reftntly. 'I almost gave upj
in despair. But I am now well and
happy and have undergone such a
wonderful change since I began us
inp: Tanlac that I would hardly be
taken for the same person. In fact,
my friends, who have not seen me
in the last few weeks, seem aston
ished and want to know what I have
been taking to make me look so dif
ferent. "wo years ago I had a spell of
COLLINS
AND
BRETHERTON
BROKERS
ALL CURB STOC
North Tip Leasing Go.
25 CENTS PER SHARE
. JACK BLDQ.. MAIN STREET
PHONE 26 ' BOX 1129
E VI E W
MASTER
BOOK AND COMyiERCIAL WORK
EVERYTHING IN PRINTING
From a Business Card to
Loose Leaf Ledger Work
Handled to your Satisfaction
ALL WORK DONE HERE IN OUR OWN SHOP
Service Is
Reliable
and Prompt
OUR PRICES ALWAYS RIGHT
Phone 3 9
AND HAVE US BID ON THAT NEXT JOB
"Two years ago I had a spell of
condition and pulled me down from
a stout, healthy woman to a nervous
and physical wreck. My appetite
left me completely and night after
night I never slept a wink on ac
count of my nervousness and misery.
I could not eat anything without
suffering until I could hardly breathe.
Finally I got down with rheumatism
in my shoulders, hands and limbs,
and at the time I got Tanlac I had
been perfectly helpless for eight
months. I couldn't even feed myself
.. 1he covers ud over me and
had tQ be waited on continually.
"Kvervthme was done for me that
! could be, it seemed, and I was told
that nothing could help me, but l
still hd some hope. At the time I
got to thinking about how others
said Tanac had helped them and
somehow felt that it might help me,
too. Well, it has not only helped me,
i but I firmly believe if I had not taken
it I would not be here today. Betore
I had finished my first bottle rur
appetite was better, and now I eat
just anything I want, never have the
least trouble with my somach, and
my sleep is sound and restful every
night. I had fallen off in weight uu-
til I was hardly more than a frame
of skin and bones, and, while it may
sound unreasonable, it's the truth, 1
(have actually gained forty pounds
since I besan taking Tanlac about
ninety days ago and if anyone could
feel like a new person I do. I have
told hundreds of people about Tanlac
and will keep on praising it the re
mainder cf my life."
Tanlac is sold tn Elsbee by J. M
Ball, in Douglas by Douglas Drug com
pany, In Paradise by G. A. Walker,
in Bowie by BowIg Drug company, in
San Simon by J. B. Cook, in Willcox
by A. A. Nicholson, in Lowell by Lo
well Drug company, in Benson by C.
F. Moss Pharmacy, in Gleeson by B.
A. Taylor, in Warrea by Warren
Pharmacy, in Pearce by B. A. Taylor,
in Tombstone by Bod's Drug store.
anrt in McXeal b McNeal Mercan
tile company. Adv,
I Read the Daily Review Want Ads,
PRINTERS
' ORDINANCE NO. 226
AN ORDINANCE ENTITLED. "AN
ORDINANCE REGULATING TRAV
EL AND TRAFFIC UPON THE
PUBLIC STREETS OF THE CITY
OF BISBEE, ARIZONA.
BE IT ORDAINED by the Conimon
Council of the City of Bisbee, Ari
zona, as follows:
TERMS DEFINED
Section 1. The following terms,
whenever used in this Ordinance, ex
cept as otherwise specifically indicat
ed, shall be deemed to have and shall
be held to include each or tne mean
ings respectively set forth in this sec
tion, and any such term used in the
singular number shall be held to in
clude the plural.
STREETS: Every avenue, boule
vard, highway, roadway, lane, alley,
strip, path, square or place used or
laid out for the use of vehicles.
CURB: The lateral boundaries of
tJiat portion of a street designated or
intended for the use of vehicles,
whether marked by curbing construct
ed of stone, cement, concrete or other
material, or not so marked.
VEHICLE: Every wagon, hack,
coacn, carriage, omniDus, pusncan,
bicycle, tricycle, motorcycle, automo
bile, street car or other conveyance,
except baby carriages, in whatever
manner or by whatever force or power
the same may be driven, naaen or
propelled, which is or may be used for
or adapted to pleasure riding or the
transportation of passengers, baggage,
merchandise or freight upon any
street; and every draft or riding ani
mal, whether driven, ridden or led,
provided, that an animal or antmals
attached to any vehicle shall, with
such vehicle, constitute one vehicle.
CONGESTED DISTRICT
Shall embrace those certain streets
and portions of streets in the City of
j Bisbee. described as follows, viz:
Howell Avenue, beginning at its In
tersection with the west line of Brew
ery Gulch, thence in a westerly direc
tion to the Y. W. C. A. building;
thence around the north side of said
building to Shearer avenue; th'ence
southerly along Shearer avenue to its
intersection with Subway street. Also
Main Street, beginnig at the west
property line of the Masonic Temple,
thence along "Main street in an east
erly direction to its intersection with
Lower Main Street (R. TL Ave.),
thence along Lower Main Street (R.
R. Ave.) to its intersection with Brew
ery Gulch, thence along Naco Road to
the east property line of the new Co
chise County jail; also all of what is
known as Brewery Gulch .tieeinnine
pt its intersection with Lower Main
Street fR. R. Ave) and Naco Road
runing in a northerly direction to the
south line of the building used by the
Henderson Watkins Lumber Com
pany: also what is known as Subway
Street and Review Alley.
Section 2. Every person riding
driving, -propelling or in charge of any
vehicle in or upon anv street, within
the City of Bishe. shall ride, drive or
Dropel such vehicle unon such street
in a cnrefnl manner and with due re
gard for the safety and convenience
of pedestrians and all other vehicles
ljupon such street.
Any driver of any vehicles being
driven on the public streets m a reck
less or dangerous manner is ruilty of
a misdemeanor, notwithstanding the
said vehicles was not exceeding the
speed limit.. ,
TURNING TO ItlGHT
Section 3. Every , person riding,
driving, propelling or in charge of any
vehicle, upon meeting any other Ve
hicle at any place upon any street
within the City of Bisbee, shall turn
to the right, and on all occasions
when it is practicable so to do, shall
travel on the right side of such street,
and as near the right hand curb there
of as practicable.
PASSING TO LEFT
Section 4. Every person riding,
driving, propelling or in charge of any
vehicle, shall, in overtaking and pass
ing any other vehicle in or upon any
street within the City of Bisbee, pass
to the left of such vehicle, and the
person In charge of such vehicle -being
so overtaken and passed shall
swing to the right whenever practi-
CHANGING COURSE
Section 5. Every person riding,
driving, propelling or in charge of any
vehicle in or upon any street in the
City of Bisbee, shall, before turning,
stopping or changing the course of
such vehicle", first see that there is
sufficient space for such movement
to be made in safety, and shall give
the regulation visible signal to per
sons in charge of vehicle behind the
vehicle so turning, stopping or chang-
ing its course, of his intention to make
sucn movement.
Section 6. Every person riding,
driving, propelling or in charge of any
vehicle in or upon any street within
the City of Bisbee in turning to the
right into another street, shall turn
the corner as near the right curb as
possible.
Every person riding, driving, pro
pelling or in charge of any vehicle in
the Citv of Bisbee turning to the right
from one street into another street
shall have the riirht of way over ve-
hicles traveling in the direction In
which such vehicle Is turning; and
every person riding, drivlne. propel
ling or in charge of anv vehicle trav
eling in the direction in which such
vehicle is turning shall allow such
right of way to such vehicle so turn
ing. TURNING AT INTERSECTION
Section 7. Every person riding,
driving, propelling or in charee of anv
vehicle In or unon anv street within
the Citv of TMsbee. shall. In turning
to the left, info another street, pass
to the right of and beyond the center.
if the street Intersection before turn-
in.
fvnry person ridinc. drfvTnlt. pro
pplllnf or in phfirfo of pnv vehicle in
the Citv of THshee ti'rninT o the left
from
chpil
oni street into
altnxr the rlfht
another street
of wav to ve-
hioVe, trar-elirtp- in the ' direction In
which pyeh vehicle i tnmine. and
everv person riding. drlvinr. pronell
trr or r rhnrtre of anv veh'He travel
Jn f in the cMrcctt'T in vhlch pnch ve-
ihi'-le Is turning shall have the richt of
way over such vehicle so turning.
Section 8. Every person riding, driv
ing, propelling or in charge of any ve
hicle, crossing from one side of any
street to the other side thereof, shall
make such crossing by turning to the
left so as to be constantly upon the
right hand side of such street with
relation to thexiirection in which such
vehicle is headed.
Provided: That in the congested
district no vehicles shall be allowed
to so cross from one side of a certain
street to the other, unless such cross
ing is effected by such vehicle going
beyond and around the center of a
street intersection.
STOPPING NEAR CURB
Section 9. It shall be unlawful for
any person riding, driving, propelling
or in charge of any vehicle to stop the
same or to, cause the same to he stop
ped in or upon any street in the con
gested district of the City of Bisbee.
with the left side of such vehicle to
ward or along or next to the curb.
Section 10. It shall be unlawful for
any person riding, driving, propetiing
or in charge of any vehicle to stop the
same or to cause the same to be stop
ped in or upon any street within the
congested district in the City of Bis
bee, unless every point on the side of
such vehicle nearest the curb Is with
in one foot of such curb; provided,
however, that the provisions of this
section shall not apply In case of
emergency, or when such stop is made
for the purpose of allowing another
vehicle or a street car or interurban
car or pedestrian to rass In front of
such vehicle so stopped
APPROACHING STREET CARS
Section 11. In approaching or pass
ing a street car of a street railway
jvhich has been stopped or Is stopping
to allow passengers to alight or em
bark, the operator of every motor ve
hicle going in the same dlrectron as
or opposite to said car shall bring
such vehicle to a full stop fifteen feet
away from entrance of said street car
and shall not start such vehicle until
air passengers have entered said car,
or have left said car and reached the
sidewalk.
Section 11 (a). It shall he unlaw
ful to drive, ride, propel or cause or
permit to be ridden, driven or pro
pelled, any motor vehicle in said City
unless the same be equipped with an
adequate warning device, which must
be operated when such vehicle is
about to cross any place where condi
tions are hazardous for other vehicles,
property or persons Jn that vtclnltv.
POSITION JWHILTJ STANDING
Section 12. Tt shall be unlawful for
any person, riding, driving, propelline
or in charge of any vehicle in or. upon
any street within the congested dis
trict of the City of Bisbee. to allow
nch vehicle to remain backed up tolPartment, members or officers of the
the curb, excepting when such ve
hicle is being actually loaded or un
loaded. Section 13. It shall be unlawful for
anv driver, owner, or operator of any
automobile, motorcycle, or other ve
hicle to permit or allow such vehicle
to stand at right angles or approxi
mately so with the curb line upon any
publie street of the City if Bisbee,
with the front of said machine or ver
hide toward the curb, or sidewalk line
of such street.
Section 14. Vehicles in or upon any
street within the City of Bisbee, uin
approaching- an intersecting road or
street shall be under control by the
operators thereof, so as to permit the
vehicle on the right of the vehicle ap
proaching to first cross such inter
secting road or street.
Section 15. It shall be unlawful for
any person to ride, drive or propel or
cause to be ridden, driven or propelled
in. along or upon any street within the
congested district any vehicle in a
backward direction, if bv doiner so. the
free and uninterrupted passage of an
other vehicle or of anv street car is
impeded. Tf it should be necessary for
any vehicle to be ridden, driven or
propelled in a backward direction the
same shill be done in a slow and care
ful manner.
FIRE, POLICE AND HOSPITAL
APPARATUS
Section 16. The officers and fire
men of the Fire Department and their
apparatus of all kinds, when going to
or on duty at or returning from a fire,
and all ambulances, whether public or
private character, and ail other ve
hicles when employed in carrying sick
or injured persons to hospitals or
other places for relief or treatment,
and the officers and policemen and
vehicles of the police department shall
have the right of way over all other
persons and vehicles on any street
and through any procession In the
City of Bisbee.
Upon the approach of any apparatus
of the Fire Department every person
riding, driving, propelling or In charge
of any vehicle in or upon any street
In the City of Bisbee shall immediate
ly stop such vehicle as near as possi
ble to the right curb of such street,
and it shall be unlawful for any such
person to cause or permit such ve
hicle to be nioved until such apparatus,
police patrol wagon or ambulance
shall have passed such vehicle.
HORSES AT RIGHT ANGLES TO
CURB'
Section 17. Every person in charge
;of any horse, mule or other animal at
tached to a vehicle backed up to the
curb upon any street within the City
of Bisbee shall turn such animal and
keep the same turned at right aneles
to such vehicle and in the direction in
which the traffic Is movlne unon the
side of the street upon which such
animal is standing.
STANDING OR TTTTCITTNG NEAR
INTERSECTIONS
Section IS. It shall he unlawful for
anv person to hitch or to cause or per
mit to be hitched any horse, mule or
other animal or to leave standing, or
cause or permit to be left standintr
any bicycle, motorcycle, automobile,
hiir-ev. carriage, waron or other ve
hicle upon any street within the con
gested district of the City of Bisbee.
alone which street cars are run or
operated within five feet of either
side of any street that crosses, in
tersects or terminates in such street,
or within fire feet, of either auoh side
line extended across such street at
rleht anelen.
STANDING NEAR FIRE TTVTYTf ANTS
Section 19. It shall be unlawful for
any person to hitch or to leave stand
ing or to cause or permit to be hitched
or left standing, any animal, or to leave
standing any vehicle, or to stop or
cause or permit to be stopped any ani
may or vehicle, in or upon any public
street in the City of Bisbee, within
five feet of any fire hydrant.
STANDING IN CONGESTED
DISTRICT
Section 20. It shall be unlawful for
any person to leave hitched or cause
or permit to be left hitched any horse,
mule or other animal, or to leave
standing or to cause or permit to be
left standing any vehicle upon any
street within the congested district
of the City of Bisbee for a period
longer than ten (10) minutes, except
in parking places, now prescribed or
hereinafter designated; and provided
further, that no such vehicle, drawn
by anw horse, mule or other animal
shall be left standing for any period
unless a competent driver 'shall ne In
charge of such vehicle or said animal
attached to said vehicle, be hitched
with proper line and a ten-pound (10
pound) weight, so as to insure the
safety of the traveling public.
Section 21. It shall be unlawful for
any person owning or operating any
motor vehicle within the City of Bis
bee, to deface, obliterate or conceal,
or to permit to be defaced, obliterated
or concealed, or allow the same to re
main defaced obliterated or concealed,
in any manner, the number plate re
quired to be upon said vehicle by the
laws of the State of Arizona.
SPEED LIMITS
Section 22. Any person v.ho shall
ride, drive, or propel, or cause, or
permit to be ridden, driven, or pro
pelled, any vehicle at a rate of speed
exceeding six (6) miles per hour over
or across any street Intersection in
the congested district, or twelve (12)
miles an hour over the streets of the
congested district, or exceeding
fifteen (15) miles per hour outside the
cone-ested district, and within said city,
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and
upon conviction thereof shall be fined
for the first offense not less than
five dollars ($5.00) nor more than
fifty dollars ($50.00); for the second
offense, within a period of six (6)
months from the date of the first of-
fense, the fine shall not be less than
ten dollars ($10.00) nor more than
one hundred dollars $(100.00) or im
prisonment in the City Jail for a pe
riod not less than thirty (30) daysl
nor more than forty-five (45) days or
by both such fine and imprisonment;
EXCEPTIONS
Provided, further, that nothing
herein contained shall be construed to
affect members of the City Fire De-
City Water Department, when assign
ed to answer fire alarms or emer
gency calls, any policeman, or other
peace officer in the discharge of his
duty, or any ambulance, whether of
public or private character, and all
other vehicles when employed in car
rying sick or injured to hospitals or
other places for relief or treatment,
or doctors responding to an emergency
call.
NOTICE POSTED
That the City Engineer be, and Is
hereby directed to post such notices
as are required by law at the intersec
tion of each street within the line of
the district hereinbefore in this ordi
nance described.
LIGHTS ON VEHICLES
Section 23. It shall be and it is
hereby declared to be unlawful for any
person to drive, or cause or permit to
be driven or allow to remain upon or
along any street in the City of Bisbee.
any motor vehicle during the period
of one (1) hour after sunset to thirty
(30) minutes before sunrfse. unless
there is attached to such vehicle prop
er light, in front of such vehicle, and
proper tail light in the rear of such
vehicle, plainly visible, at all tfmes;
and provided further that no person
driving or operating any such vehicle
shall at any time permit or use any
spot light of anv kind or character.
HAULING. ETC.
Section 24. It shall be unlawful for
any person, firm or corporation to
haul unon or along any street within
the City of Bisbee. anv dirt, gravel,
paving material or other material
liable to fall or be scattered from the
wagon or vehicle upon which the
same is being hauled, without taking
adequate measures to keep the same
from being spilled on the street.
DEBRIS PROHIBITED
Section 25. It shall be unlawful for
any person to throw, deposit or place
in or upon any public street or alley
within the City of Bisbee, any nails,
tacks, crockery, scrap iron, tin, wire,
bottles, glass, thorns or thorny clip
pings, or thorny branches of trees or
bushes, or any other article or thing
likely to puncture or injure the tire
of any vehicle.
INTOXICATED DRTVERS
Section 26. Any person operating
or driving a motor or other vehicle
while intoxicated, upon any public
street in the City of Bisbee, shall be
gtiiltv of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof shall be punishable
b va fine of not less than firty dollars
($50.00) nor more than two hundred
($200.00) dollars, and by imprison
ment not exceeding 30 davs. for the
first offense; and punishable by a fine
of not less than One Hundred
( $100.00) Dollars nor more than Three
Hundred 300 00) Dollars, and imnrts
onment not. less than 20 or more than
90 davs. for second offense.
USING OTHERS' MACHINES
Section 27. Any person who shall
drive or operate or cause to he driven
or operated, upon any public -street
within the Citv of Bishee anv motor
vehicle, pot his own. without the con
sent of the owner, shall be guilty of
a misdemeanor.
Anv person who shall without the
consent of the owner or person In
charee of a motor vehicle climb upon
or Into such vehicle, whether the same
be in motion or at rest, or who while
och vehie'e in at rest and unattend
ed shall attempt to manipulate anv of
the levers, the starting crank, brakes
or mechanism thereof, or to set said
vehicle in motion shall be guilty oT
a misdemeanor.
In addition to all other punishments
herein elsewhere provided, the court
may for a definite period suspend or
revoke an operator's or chaurt'eur's
license upon conviction of the licen
see for violation of any of the provi
sions of this ordinance.
DRIVING ON NEW PAVEMENT
Sectiom 28. It shall be unlawful for
any person to ride or drive or to cause
to be ridden or driven any animal, or
to ride, drive or propel, or to cause
to be ridden, driven or propelled any
vehicle over or across any newly made
pavement in any public street, across
or around which pavement there is a
barrier, or at, over or near which
there is a person or a sign warning
persons not to drive over or across
such pavement, or a sign stating that
the street is closed.
MUFFLER CUT-OUT, ETC.
Section 29. Every motor vehicle I
must have devices in working order
which shall be at all times in constant
operation to prevent excessive or un
usual noise, annoying smoke and the
escape of gas, steam or oil. as well as
the falling out of residue from fuel,
and all exhaust pipes carrying exhaust
gas from the engine shall be directed
parallel to the ground or slightly up
ward. Devices known as "muffler
cut-outs' 'shall not be used within the
limits of the City of Bisbee.
LEAVING AUTO ENGINE RUNNING
Section 30. It shall be unlawful for
any person to leave unattended upon
any public street, alley or other pub
lic place in the City of Bisbee, any
automobile or other motor vehicle
while any part of the machinery of
such vehicel is running or in motion.
DRIVERS UNDER 16 YEARS
Section 31. It shall be unlawful for
any person under the age of sixteen
(16) years to run, drive, propel or op
erate any automobile or other motor
vehicle In, upon or along any public
street or other public place In the
City of Bisbee unless granted a spe
cial permit, revocable for cause, by
the City Marshal.
It shall be unlawful for any person
to cause or permit any automobile or
other motor vehicle to be run, driven,
propelled or operated in, upon, over
or along any ptiblic street or other
public place by any person under the
age of sixteen (16) years, unless such
last mentioned person shall have the
permit mentioned as in the first para
graph of this section.
OBSTRUCTING STREET
Section 32. It shall be unlawful for
any person to ride, driveor cause to
be ridden or driven any horse or
other animal, or to ride, drive,
or propel, or cause to be
ridden, driven or propelled, any
wagon, bicycle, motorcycle, auto
mobile or other vehicle upon or along
any public sidewalk, or to permit such
animal or vehicle, to stand thereon,
or to permit any animal or vehicle to
stand upon any public street in such
manner as to obstruct the free use of
such street.
TRAILING
Section 33. It shall be unlawful for
any person traveling upon roller
skates, or riding in or upon any
coaster, tricycle, velocipede, bicycle or
motorcycle, upon any public thorough
farewithin the City of Bisbee. to bold
to, cling to, or in any manner attach
either himself or the vehicle upon
which he is riding to any street, car,
automobile, truck, wagon, cuggy or
other moving vehicle.
PARADE REGULATIONS
Section 34. It shall be unlawful for
any person, firm, corporation, asso
ciation, society or aggregation of per
sons, firm s,, corporations, associations
or societies to parade in along or
upon any public street in the City "of
Bisbee except by and with the con
sent of the Common ouncil of said
ity, and not then, except in, along and
upon such streets, and at such time as
shall be designated in said permit.
CARRYING BANNERS
Section 33. It shall be unlawful for
any person on foot, or in carriages,
wagons, automobiles or on any vehicle
or on horseback, to carry in, along or
upon any public street or sidewalk
in the City of Bisbee, in or with any
parade or procession or other
wise, any banner, sign, transparency,
or device for the purpose of display
unless the sign, transparency or de
vice shall have been first approved by
the Common Council.
FUNERAL PROCESSIONS
Section 36. It shall be unlawful for
any person to obstruct the free and
untinterrupted passage in, upon, along
or through any public street in the
City of Bisbee, of any funeral cortege
or procession or to obstruct, Impede
or prevent the passage of any person
or persons attending the conveyance
of the body of any deceased person to
a place for holding services thereover.
or to a place of interment or crema
tion.
PENALTIES
Section 37. That any person, firm
or corporation violating any of the
provisions of this Ordinance not other
wise provided for, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof, shall be punished
by a fine of not less than ten ($10.00)
dollars, nor more than one hundred
($100.00) dollars, or by imprisonment
in the City Jail of the City of Bisbee
for a term of not less than five (5)
days nor more than fifty (SO) days, or
by both such fine and imprisonment.
Section 38. That all Ordinances and
parts of Ordinances In conflict here
with are hereby repealed.
PASSED. ADOPTED AND AP
PROVED by the Mayor and Common
Council this 16th day of September,
1919. JACOB ERICKSON.
Mayor.
ATTEST:
M. L. BUTLER.
City Clerk.
First publication Nov. 25, 1919.
FRATERNAL ORDER
OF EAGLES
Bisbee Aerie
No. 175. F O
E., meets 1st
and 3d Tues
days, 8 p. m.
Eagles' Hall
Visitors cor
d 1 a 1 1 y wel
come.
vwv
EDWIN OLLERENSHAW, Pres.
F. C. FENDERSON, Secretary.
C. U EDMUN'DSON, Aerie Physician.
Lodge Notices J
LODGE NO. 671
Regular meeting first and tblrd Fri
day of each month. Visiting brother
cordially Invited to attend.
E. B. MATHEWS, Exalted Ruler
C. W. HICKS. Secretary.
JUNIOR ORDER UNITED
, AMERICAN MECHANIC
Mteta in I. O. O. F.
Hall First and Third
Saturdays. V 1 s 1 1 In,
brothers welcome.
J. W. CORCORAN, Councillor.
L. WOODMAN. Jr.. Rec, Secy.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF
SECURITY
Meets on the first and third Mon
day of each month at Odd Fellows
hall at 7:30 p. m. Visiting members
cordially invited.
R. F. HANCOCK, President,
Box 1348, Bisbee.
WINNIE JOWLES, Secretary,
Box 1054, Bisbee.
F. J. ATTAWAY, Financier,
Bok 3171, Lowell
BROTHERHOOD OF AMERICA
YEOMAN
Richard I.. Homestead 895, meets
second and fourth Tuesdays at old
Pythian Castle. Visiting Archers are
cordially Invited.
ALEX KIDD. Foreman.
E. D. STINSON, Correspondent
Box 1436. Phone Red 384.
NOEMBER 29, 1919
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday 2nd degree.
Thursday C
Red Cross.
THOMAS HARGIS, W. M.
B. T. W ATKINS, Sec'y F. A A. St
W. R. BANKS. & H. P.
N. C. 3LEDSOE, T. I. M.
J. L. POWELL. E. C.
F. S. DAVENPORT, Secretary Chap
ter and Commander.
W. R. BANKS. Secretary Council.
FRATERNAL
BROTHERHOOD
T. F. B.
Bisbee Lodge No.
ti 452. meets the Sd
days each monUi
at 7:30 at New
Odd Fellows'
HalL Visiting members cordially In
vited. CATHERINE FINOTTI President,
Box 722.
EFFIE M. JONES, Treasurer,
Box 1021.
HONORA MUNCH, Secretay,
Box 1621.
SIS3EE LODGE NO. 718.
L. O. O. M.
Meota every Friday
night, Moose HalL
Visiting brothers cor
dially invited.
I. A. ROSOK,
Dictator
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
Lowell Camp No. 46 will meet every
second and fourth Tuesday at 7:I
p. m., Finnish hall.
R. A. WOOD, C. C.
O. B. THOMAS. Cler.
Phono SOI
All Woodcieu invited.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
Pathhone T.odpe Xo 1ft
Knights of Pythias,
1 meets each . Tuesday
(except second) In Odd
Fellows' Hall at 7:30
p. m. Visiting brothers
cordially invited.
H. H. WARBURTON, C. C.
W. E. McCAIXUM. K. of R. 8.
LOYAL ORANGE. INSTITUTION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DREADN AUGHT
L. O. U NO. 210.
meets In I. O.
O. P. Hall 2nd
and 4 th Wed
nesday at 7:30
p. m.
Visiting Broth
ers cordially
Invited to at-
tend.
WM.
T. SMITHAN. W. U.
ROBERT FERGUS, Seer,.;
P. O. Eox '26. Blsi
IMPROVED ORDER
OF RED MEN
Meets First and Third
Thursday of each
month at Medlgovlch
Hall. Visiting Broth
ers cordiaily invited
THOS. HASTIE,
PYTHIAN SISTERS
Lily Temple No. S meets every 2nd
and 4th Tuesday evening of each
month at Odd Fellows' hall. Visiting
sisters are cordially invited.
ELSIE CALEY, M. E. C
Fhone S04.
LILLIE VINSON. M. O. R. C.
OPOER OF EASTERN 8TAR
meets In Masonlo Hal)
Pearl Chapter, No. 6, meet
in Masonic Hall second and
fourth Tuesday of each
month at 7:30 p. m.
MRS. HELENA RAGSDALE. W. M.,
Phone 600.
MRS. JESSIE BEVAN, Sec'y, P. O.
Box 2299, Chairman Relief Com.,
Ftone 471.
i mm
1M I'T-X -''. C IM
TPS FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1919
THE BISBEE DAILY R E Y I E SK
PAGE SEVEN
I
j
i
i
n
a
4
j
4
i
it.
I
1
1
-
4
REVIEW WANT ADS
Advertisements under this head are at the rate of i cent per word for
racn Irsertion, with a minimum charge of 25 cents. No ad will be
eeiveJ liter ihan 7 p. m. for Insertion the next morning and no ads
will be taken over the telephone.
For Sale
1XJR SALE 15-room nou&tv 5300
down, balance same as rent. Call
after 4 p m. 162 Temby avenue.
1684-12 2
FOR SALE House, Tombstone Can
yon, 3 rooms, kitchenette, large
screen porch and bath; cost 12400
two years ago. For quick cash sale
will sacrifice for $1800. Phone 148
or call 153 Tombstone Canyon, Hig
gins Hill car stop.
FOR SALE Plymouth hotel cheap if
taken zt once. Brewery Gulch.
1710-tr
FOR SALE Dodge touring car, good
as new; a bargain; terms to re
sponsible parties. Address Box 653,
Douglas, Arizona. 1712-11-29
FOR SALE U-norse power, 60 eye'e,
820 volt indu-tion motor. Biaj'-e
Daily Review. 209-8-24-ttf
iFOR SALE Kentucky sorghum mo
lasses at G. O. Pranson's, Johnson
addition. 1658-11-29
FOR SALE: 5 ROOM MODERN
brick house, all built in features on
Boulevard fourth house to left up
from hospital stop. Warren. 1714-12-5 ,
FOR SALE One 8-cylinder Oldsmo-
bile, 1919 model; run less than 6000
miles; Al condition.
Slag- Dump i
Garage or phone 166.
1676-12 2 j
FOR SALE 8-rooin house, one barn,
l'fe lot with 22 fruit trees. Cochise
road. R. C. Maruisch, owner.
1678-Dec 9
FURNITURE OF HOTEL AND RES
taurant for sale with privilege of
renting hotel. Naco, Arizona, next to
Immigration office.
1679-Dec. 9
FOR SALE A kitchen range with hot
water front and tank in good condi
tion. Call at Grandview apart-
ments, School Hill. Miss Knox. 1
1680-11-29
FOR ' SALE Small restaurant doing
good business. Answer to P. O.
Box 907. 1705-12-12
FOR SALE Six-room furnished
house. 26 Montana street, Johnson
addition. Inquire between 2 and 4
o'clock. 1662-12-2
FOR SALE 2,000 feet lumber, War
ren, Douglas street, fifth house
from Tovrea stop, and a four-room
hdtise. " ' " -1620-11-28
FOR SALE Velie seven-passenger;
first-class mechanical condition;
cood rubber all around: also Win-!
ton Six. good shape. These cars
are worth investigating. Easy
terms. F. J. Keogh & Co. Garage,!
Lowell, Ariz. .606-11-30 j
FOR SALE Studebaker car,
good
condition. Ishen, 66 Cochise.-
1608-11-2S
FOR SALE Large safe, combination
strong box and burton, c uncle
Jim's, Brewery Gulch. 1577-tf
FOR SALE National cash register,
four sub-total. See L. L. Gilman.
1466-tf
FOR SALE Left in pawn, diamonds,
watches, shotguns, revolvers, at sec
ond hand prices. United Loan and
Jewe?ry Co., Brewery Gulch.
1265-tf
FOR SALE Three room house, with
or without furniture; no hills. Mel
Dougall. 37 Laundry hill, Met car
stop. 1G30-11-30 J
. . . , Tj
FOR SALE Two Todd protectograph j
cnecK wniers. i. luvreu cc j October 31. 19111.
589-StM7 j Xotice is hereby given that Hugh E.
. : Felf.t,er. of Hereford. Arizona, who.
DON'T SELL YOUR CAR until you january 23. 1915. made Home
see us. We buy them running or;stPacj Entry No. 026598 for EVNE4
wrecked. Highest prices paid for SW'iNEVi. NSE4NEVl. SE1-4NE
meti-ls, rubber, sacks, hides and
aes ana
dns Co
1474 tf
wool. The Arizona Wreck
Lowell, Ariz. Phone 446.
FOR SALE Four-room modern house
with sloping porch and basement;
i
complexly furnished, or unfurmah-
ei; location, loinosione canyon
within block of car line.
J. G. H., care Review.
Address
1654-11-29
FOR SALE Full size birdey maple
bed with spring and mattress, rhone
214. A .1 Fairf -lunch. Warren.
1682-Nov. 26-tf
Wanted
WANTED Day's worx.
Phono 651.
1707-12 2
WANTED Four pi five room furnish
ed house by reliable put ties. Ad- j
dies J. W. M., cure Review. t
icc:mi-30
Female Help Wanted
WANTED White woiunn fur general
housework; must be oxperiencerj
with children. Mrs. Flanagan, plume
602. 1087-11-29
WANTED (! ill for general Imuse
work. Phone 49::. l.'S.'-lf
WANTED Girl who speaks Spanish,
to .ell fchoM. Apply L. Jobnuon.
Lowell Shoe Repair Shop. 16.7-11-23
For Rent
FOR RENT 2 housekeeping rooms.
16 Temby avenue. 1683-12-2
FOR RENT Two furnished light
housekeeping rooms. Call between
9 and 11 a. m. 163 Opera Drive.
1709-11-29
FOR RENT 4 housekeeping rooms
with bath, Bakerville, back of
American Grocery. 1690-Dec. 1
FOR RENT Two
furnished rooms.
No
19 Johnson .avenue, Johnson
addition. '. . T- 1689-11-30
FOR RENT 3-room house furnished.
176 Naco Road. Holbrook stop.
1701-11-28
FOR RENT 4-room furnished house,
South Bisbee. Apply L. M. Lake,
Spokane house. 1706-12-2
FOR RENT Two
houses, furnished.
Winwood addition.
and three-room
Mrs. Wmwood,
1612-Nov29
ROOM FOR RENT lteasonaie; laay
or gentleman. 50-A, Brewery Gulch,
Phone 750. 1613-11-28
.
FOR RENT Furnished House. 50
School hill, High road. W. D. Mun-
BOn. 15S3-11-ZS
FOR RENT BeauU-ully new furnish-
ed rooms with running water; elec
tric lights, telephone, every con
venience, cool rooms for summer,
close in. La More Hotel, O. K. St,
near depot. tf
Miscellaneous
CLOTHES
BOUGHT.
CITY DYE
16S1-12-26
works.
LEE WOMBLES, the small job con-
tractor. Brick, stone, cement and
carpenter work. Phone areen 822.
Box 387, Bisbee. 1569-12-18
F.E. HANCOCK, Signs
Johnson addition.
Phone 610.
1667-12 19
CENSUS CLERKS, (men, women.) 4,
000 needed, f 95 a month. Age,- I8
60. Experience unnecessary. Ex
aminations Bisbee, Dec. 10, Jan. 7.
For free particulars, write Raymond
Terry, (former Government Exam
iner.) 136 Continental Bldg., Wash
ington. 1655-Nov29
BUY A GOSSARD CORSET to look
well and feel -well. AH corsets fit
ted by Ines Warburton. Price, $2.50
up. Next to Arizona Grocery store.
LEARN actual auto repair, vulcaniz
ing. Los Angeles Y. M. C. A. Auto
School. lltf
WE BUY AUTOMOBILES wtecxed or
lanning; also junk of all kinds. Bis
bee Junk and Auto Wrecking Co.,
Johnson add. Tel. 54. 1091-O19tf
MATERNITY HOME, Mason nill.
Consult your physician, and call 573
Black, for terms, ew. rMl-28
Positions Wanted
A RELIABLE .NURSE wishes en
gagement. Phone 352. 1618-11-28
Found
FOUND Ladies' pocketbook, some
money in it. Call at Bisbee-Naco
Water company. 1691-11-28
LOST
LOST: GOLD CIGARETTE CASE EN-
8 "F- A- Ret ? "Ji"
man's Cigar store. Reward. l.lp ll-O.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior.
TJ g orficc at puopnix. Arizona.
1-4NE1-4. Sc 11. SNWNV.',. N
l -irsr-i-. b-c. ji. Bix i
i'4SW'4NWU. NE'i'NWM, NySKl-4 j
NW1-4. VyNWl-4NVUNEV4. SW'A
iNV';NEU. NWUSWUNE'i, Section
i- lownsnip -o s. uane u-i, u.
S. R & Meridian, has filod notice
of intention to make three-year Proof,
w pstablish claim t0 ,ne land sl3oV(!
described, before Jared D. Taylor. U
'p. Commissioner, at iBsboe, Arizona
on the 12th day of December, 1919.
1 Claimant names at witnesses:
j Henry Magne, of Garces. Ariz,
i John Dinwiddie, of Garces, Ariz.
I Potor Haverty, of Garces, Ariz.
' Charles R. Biederman, or Hereford,
Ariz. , J. Li. ikvin,
11-8-19 .fit
Register.
WANTED Uoya to sell papers on the
streets Lots of boys are making
bi money on the streets evpry
morning by a few hours selling The
Misb'e Dnily Review. The paper is
ready for you from 4 a. ra. "The
hiv Wrti c;it(.lmn the worm"
WANTE
Experienced saleslady for
Toy Department. Call
Fair Annex.
LOCAL DAIRY REPORT
The following report conceining'.he product of the Bisbee dairies
was made yesterday by Dr. R. B. Dufee, city bacteriologist:
Standing of the Dairies of the Warran
Bacteria,
But erf at. Salids not fat. percent.
J. Conley 5.2 14.22 50,000
Hillside 4.5 13.83 50,000
W. S. Hayes .. 4.5 13.6S 75,000
San Jose 4.3 13.54 100.000
Bisbee Creamery. City... 3.8 12.99 100,000
Moore & Freeman 3.8 12.86 150.000
English Kitchen 3.9 12.98 175,000
Bisbee Creamery Co 3.7 12.92 200,000
San Francisco Cafe 3.4 11.96 300,000
Manhattan Cafe 3.7 12.69 . 500,000
To pass requires 3.25 butter fat, S.50 solids not fat, and not more than
DAILY PUBLIC
RECORD
MAIL ARRIVES j
Tr. 3 East 11:55 p.m. i
Tr. 7 East 10:20a.f.
Tr. 2 West 1 : 10 p.m.
Tr. 8 West 6:55 p.m.
LOWELL 0:55 p.m.
Warren 8:00 a.m.
Don Luis 10:30 a.m.
Trains Depart Mail Closes
Tr. 7 West, 8:55a.m 7:55 a.m.
Tr. 2 East, 11:50 a.m 10:50 a.m. I
Tr. 8 East, 5:30 p.m 4:30 p.m.
Tr. 3 West, 10:40 p.m.
. 9:40 p.m.
7 :5& p.m.
10:30 a.m. 8:00 a.m.
4:30 p.m. 2:20 p.m.
7:55 a.m.
6:55 p.m. 4:30 p.m.
MAILS CLOSE
EASTERN STATES '10:50 a. m.
and 4:30 p. m.
Western and Northern Arizona,
Western States, including Utah, Mon-
tana, Idaho, Wyoming, Coast States,
Western Canada, and Alaska' Mail
Closes at 7:55 a. m. and 9:40 p. m.
Naco, Hereford, Fairbanks, Tom)1-;
stone, Lewis Springs, Fort Huachuca
and Cananea, Mexico Mail Closes at
7:55 a. m.
.
AUTOSTAGE
Border Stage Line, Bisbee to No
gales, via Tombstone
Leaves Bisbee, 1:00 p. m.; Tomb
stone, 2:00 p. m.; arrives Nogales,
7:00 r. m.
Leaves Nogales, 1:00 p. m.; Tomb
stone, 6:00 p. m.; arrives Eisbee,
7:00 p. m.
ORDINANCE NO. 228
AN ORDINANCE, ENTITLED "AN
ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR
PAYMENT OF LICENSE TAX
UPON BOXING MATSHES, AND
FISTIC EXHIBITIONS."
BE IT ORDAINED By the Mayor
and Common Council of the City of
Bisbee, Arizona:
Section 1. That it shall be unlaw
ful within the City of Bisbee, Ari
zona, for any person, or persons, to
engage in, encourage, instigate.or pro
mote any boxing match, wrestling
match, fistic exhibitions, or prize
fight, either as principal, agent, ref
eree, second, or otherwise without
first having paid a license tax In the
sum of Ten Dollars ($10.00) and ob
tained a pormit, from the City Mar
shal, therefor.
Section 2. Any pereson, or persons,
failing or refusing to pay such
license tax, and obtain such permit, as
provided in the foregoing section of
this Ordinance, shall be deemed guilty
of a misdeameanor, and upon convic
tion thereof shall be fined in any
sum not less than Twenty-five Dollars
EVERETT TRUE
AMD WOMAN HH$p?
COfUS INTO H2R fa
ptVNf J SH HAS
erieRGED FROM
TX "BONDAGE OF
THAT P10D tvHCr4
WOMAN HAX NO
if To
voice- in Ttte --
1 jjij
i . 1 i
District for Week Ending Nov. 22:
R. B. DURFEE, City Bacteriologist.
I ($25.00), and not more than One Hun
jdred Dollars ($100.00), or by impris
i onment in the city jail for a period of
not exceeding thirty (30) days, or by
'both such fine and imprisonment.
Section 3. All ordinances, and
! parts of ordinances, in conflict here
j with are hereby repealed.
I PASSED, APPROVED AND AD
OPTED, this 18th day of November
i 1919. JACOB ERICKSOX.
Mayor.
Attest:
M. L. BUTLER,
City Clerk.
First publication Nov. 25, 1919.
U. S. LAND OFFiCE
Phoenix, Oct. 9, 1919.
Survey No. 3555. .
Serial No. 042965.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION
FOR
PATENT.
Notice J3 hereby, given that in pur
suance of the United States Mintng
Laws, Mrs. Ann Hughes, whose post
office address is Bisbee, Arizona, has
made application for patent for 149t.
linear feet of the Black Hawk No. i
lode, 1495 linear feet of the BlacK
Hawk No. 2 lode, 1495 linear feet oi
the Black Hawk No. i lode, 1495 Im
ear feet of the Black Hawk No.
lbtie, and 1500 linear feet of the Black
Hawk No. 5 lode, situated in. tne
j Warren Mining District, Cochise
County, State of Arizona, as described
by tho official plat herewith posted
. and by the field notes on file in tne
, office of the Register of the Phoenrx
I Land District, State of Arizona, a
j follows, viz
Black Hawk No. 1:
Beginning for a description of tne
Black Hawk No. 1 lode, at corner ro.
1, when the 1-4 Cor. between Sees
2S-2i T. 23 3., R. 25 E.. G. & S: R. B. &
M. brs. S. O. 25' E., ,1560.7 fx.;
thence N. 62 17' W. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence N. 2S 55' W. 1495.S rt.
to Cor. No. 1. the place of beginning.
GRIP, inFLUEHZA
Hamlin's Wizard Oil a Rallabla,
. Antlaaptla Prsventlva
v
Drin influenza epidemics spray
Che nose and throat several times a
lay with one part Wizard Oil aad
two parts water, uiingr an atomizer,
tf yon haven't an atomizer, gargls
the throat and snuff the mixture us
the nose. This treatment sets tip aa
antiseptic wail of defense ag-inst
'Flu" ferms.
Chest colds and sore throat lead
to grip. Stop them at once wita
Wizard Oil before they can develop
into dangerous influenza. -
Get it from druggists for 30c If
not satisfied, return the bottle and
ret your money back.
Ever constipated or have sick head
ache? Just try Wizard Liver Whips,
pleasant little pink pills, 20c at dnia
cists. Guaranteed.
No Job of printing too small, none
too large. If you want it done right
Phone 39. Review.
BY CONDO
THAT. rRS.TieoeMVST
HUfMSN HAD CS4RNe0
TACK t
NO YOC'RCS URONTG
IT WAS T3erOl-. TttS
rHCN HA I? UANX
TO THINK J! r-
f
- ri i . r i
-y . r-( vvj in ii i!
ttzTZ TT. ..f n It M 1 1 1 1 ' 1 iHv-J In I
Beginning for a description of the
Black Howk No. 2 lode, at Cor. Mo.
1, whence the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
21-28 T.. 23 S., R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B.
& M., brs. No. 20 11' E. 218.6 It.;
thence S. 62 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 28 55' W. 1495 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 28
55' E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place
of beginning.
Beginning for a description of the
Black Hawk No. 3 lode, at Cor. No.
1, whence the Cor. between Sees.
21-28 T., 23 S.. R. 25 E., G. & S. R. B
& M., brs. N. 43 16' W. 665 ft.;
thence S. 62 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 28 55' W. 1495 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62' 17' W.
600 ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 28 55'
E. 1493 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place or
beginning.
Beginning for a description of tne
Black Hawk No. 4 lodge, at Cor. No.
1, whence the Cor. between Sees
21-28 T., 23 S., R. 25 E. G. & S. R. B.
& M., brs. N. 52 17' W. 1247.6 ft.;
thence S. 62 17' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence N. 2S 55' W. 1495.8 rt.
to Cor. No. 3; thence N. 62 17' W.
fiOO ft. to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 28
55' E. 1495 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place
of beginning.
Beginning for a description of the
Blpck Hawk No. 5 lode, at Cor. No. 1
whence the 1-4 Cor. between Sees.
21 2S, T. 23 S.. R. 25 E.. G. & S. R. B.
& M., brs. N. 20 11' E. 21S.6 ft.;
thence N. 28 55' E. 600 ft. to Cor.
No. 2; thence S. 62 17' E. 1500 ft.
to Cor. No. 3; thence S. 28 55' 600 ft.
to Cor. No. 4; thence N. 62 17' W.
1500 ft. to Cor. No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing 103.019 acres, and forming
a portion of sections 21 and 28, m
township 23 South, range 25 East, of
Gila and Salt River Base and Meri
dian In Arizona.
The location notices of these mines
are recorded in the office of tne
County Recorder of Cochise County,
Arizona, in Book 52, page 163, Book
59, page 457, Book 52, page 165, Eook
59. page 458, and Book 53, page 420,
respectively, of Record of Mines. .
Adjoining claimants are on tne
South and West Old Beck, Happy
Find and Charlotte, all unsurveyed,
and owned by J. Muhelm.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely any portion of said mines or
surface ground, are required to file
their adverse claims with the Regra
ter of the United States Land Office
t Phoenix, in the State of Arizona,
during the sixty days period of publi
cation hereof, or they will be barred
by virtue of the provisions of tne
statute.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
NOTICE OF APPLICATION FOR U.
S. PATENT.
Mineral Survey No. 3551.
Serial No. 043122.
UNITED STATES LAND OFFICE,
PHOENIX, ARIZONA, Oct. 9, 1S19.
Notice is hereby given: That Aim a
Clason. whose poatoffice address fs
Bisbee. Arizona, has made applica
tion for patent for the followtnfe
named lode mining claims-, situate m
the Warren Mining District, Cochise
County, Arizona, in Sections 7, 8, 17
and 18, unapproved T. 23 S., R. 24 E.
G. & S R. B & M described as fol
lows, to-wit:
"CALVERT" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Corner; whence TJ.
S. M. M. No. 1725. Warren Mintng
District, bears N. 20 10' W. 9074.0
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 652.60 teei
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 37 53'
W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence
N. 75 17' W. 652.60 feet to Corner
No. 4; thence N. 374 53' E. 150IT.0
fteet to Corner No. 1, the place of be
ginning, containing a net area of
17.795 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict 'with Survey No. 2133,
Morning Star lode, of 1.150 acres, and
with Bisbee Townsite Survey of 1.TI5
acres.
"LAURA" Beginning at Corner
No. 1, the N. W. Coiner; whence TJ.
S M. M. No. 1725, Warren Mintng
District, bears N. 3 49' W. 930&.S
feet; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.0 teec
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 24 25' W.
606.10 feet to Corner No. 3; thence
N. 75" 17' W. 1500.0 feet lo Corner
No 4; thence V 24' 25' E. 606.10
feel to Cornei No. 1. iheplnce of be
ginning, containing a net area of
18.153 acres, expressly excluding area
in conflict with Survey No. 1834,
Cockney Hill lode, of 2.420 acres.
"MORNING STAR NO. S" Begrn
ning at Coi ner No. 1, the N. W. Cor
ner; whence TJ. S. M. M. No. 1725,
Warren Mining District, bears N. 12
05' W. 9SS5.2 feet; thence S. 75" 17'
E. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2; thence
S. 24" 25' W. 606.10 feet to Corner
No. 3; thence N. 75 17' W. 1500.0
feet to Corner No. 4; thence N. 24
25' F. 606.10 feet to Corner No. 1. the
place of beginning, containing a net
area of 19.S82 ftcies, expressly ex
cluding area in conflict with Survey
No. 1834. Cockney Hill lode, of 0.529
acres, and with Survey No 3166.
.Moonlight lode, of 0.0G2 acre-.
"ALDINGA" Beginning at Cornet
No. 1. th N. W. Corner; whence TJ.
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Mining
District, bears N. 2 09' W. 9843.8
feet; thence S. 75 17' 11 1500.0 feet
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 23 11' VP.
fiOO.O feet to Corner No. 3; thence N I
75" 17' W. 1500.1, feet to Corner No.
4; Ihence N. 23 11' E. 600.0 fact to
:rnir No. 1, the place of beginning.!
containing a net area of 20.436 acres !
"ALMETTE" Beginning at Corner,
No. 1. 1 lie N. W. Corner; whence rj.J
S. M. M. No. 1725, Warren Minmsl
District, bears N. 10 06' W. 1037S.8I
feet; thence S. 76s 17' E. 1500.0 feet1
to Corner No. 2; thence S. 23 11 ' Tv.
600.0 feet to Corner No. 3; thence N.l
75' 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No
4; thence N. 23" 11' E. 600.0 feet to
Corner No. 1, the place of beginning,
containing a net area of 17.614 acres,
expressly excluding area in conrirct;
with Survey No. 3162, Silica lode e
0.676 acres, and Survey No. 3166,
Moonlight lodo of 2.146 acres. !
"ANITA" Beginning at Corner No.
1, the S. E. Corner; whence the N. J
Corner of Section 30, T. 23 S.t R. 24
E., G. & S. R. B. & M. bears S. 6' 48'
30 W. 10309.5 feet; thence N. 75"
17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No. 2;
thence N. 26 40' E. 613.0 feet to Cor
ner No. 3; thence S. 75 17' E. 1500.U
feet to- Corner No. 4; thence S. 2V
40' W. 613.0 feet to Corner Nc. 1,
the place of beginning, containing
net area of 20.22C acres, expressfy
excluding area in conflict with Sur
vey No. 3162, Calcutta lode of 0.423
acres.
"WILLTJNCf." Beginning at Cor
ner No. 1, the S. E. Corner; whence
tho N. E. Corner of Section 30, T. 23
S., R. 24 E., G. & S. R. B. & M. bears
S. 4 34' W. 97G4.5 feet; thence W.
75s 17' W. 1500.0 feet to Corner No.
2; thence N. 31" 55' E. 628.0 feet to
Corner No. 3; thence S. 75 17' E.
1500.0 feet to Corner No. 4; thence S.
31' 55' W. 628.0 feet- to Corner No.
1, the place of beginning, containing
a net area of 18.975 acres, expressfy
excluding area in conflict, with Sur
vey No. 1881, North Star No. 2 lode
of 1.683 acres.
"ADELAIDE" Beginning at Cornei
No. 1, the S. E. Corner; whence tne
N. E. Corner of Section 30, T. 23 S..
R. 24 E, G. & S. R. B. & M. bears b.
3 02' W. 8770.2 feet; thence N. 75
17' W. 300.0 feet to Corner No. 1,
thence N. 0 03' W. 978.20 feet tc
Corner No. 3; thence N. 17 44' E.
77.30 feet to Coiner No. 4; thence fa.
75 17 E. 609.0 feet to Corner No. 5;
thence S. 17 44' W. 1024.30 feet to
Corner No. 1, the place -ot beginning,
containing a net area of 7.652 acres,
expressly excluding area in conflict
with Survey No. 3162, Worcheste.
lode of 0.120 acres. Survey No. 31KZ
Kite lode of 1.725 acres, and with
Survey No. 3162, Buck lode, of 1.335
acres.
The location notices of these claims
are recorded in the office of the
eitnty Recorder, Cochise County
HzoriH, as follows:
Almette, recorded in Book 5, Rec
! d of Mines, page 409."
Aldinga, recorded In Book 59, Rec
ord of Mines, page 408.
Willunga, recorded in Book 69, Rec
ord of Mines, page 412.
Laura, recorded In Book 59, Record
of Mines, page 411.
Morning star N- 3, recorded m
Book 59, Record of Mines, page 413.
Adelaide, recorded In Book 32, Rec
ord of Mines page 313.
Ani'a, recorded in Book 69, Record
of Mines, page 407.
Calvert, recorded in Book 59, Rec
ord of Mines, paee 410.
Th ii imes of the adjoining claims
to this survey are: On the North.
Survey No. 1S34. Cockney Hill lode.
and Survey No. 2133. Morning Star
lode; on the East, Bisbee townsite,
Survey No. 2674, Morning Star No. 2
lode, Survey No. 2133, Morning Stat
lode, Survey No. 1670, Contention
lode, Survey No. 3166, Moonlight loae,
and Survey No. 3162, Buck, Kite,
Worchester.Calcutta and Silica lodes;
on the South, Survey No. 3162, Silica
lode, and Survey No. 1881, North Star
No. 2 lode; on the West. Survey No
1SS1 North Star No. 3, North Star Iw
1 and North Star No. 2 lodes, and
Survey No. 1S34. Cockney Hill and
Shoemakers' Last Chance lodes.
J. L. IRVIN,
Register.
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION
Department of the Interior
U. S. Land Office at Phoenix, Ariz.,
October 17. 1919. -
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that
Mary Brown, ot Stark, Arizona, who,
on May 10. 1917, made Homestead En
try No. 031502, for NWU. Section 4,
Township 24-S, Range 23 E, G. & S. R.
B. & Meridian, has filed notice of in
tention to make Three-Year Proof, to
establish claim to tho land above de
scribed, before Jared D. Taylor, U. S.
Commissioner, at Bisbee Arizona, on
t-ie 29th day of November. 1919.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Homer R. Fike of Stark. Arizona.
Robert Aiborn of Bisbee, Arizona.
Cormal M. Coins and John Harrison,
both of Stark, Arizona.
J. L. IRVIN. Register.
10-2M9
ITALIAN-FRENCH RESTAURANT
Rcsular Media 50c
Specials from 0 to S 75c
BREWERY GULCH
Copper Qneen Hotel and mgti-ciass cafe
The In-.! of ovcrvlliin at rt'M.soii iUlf a la rarto prievs.
A Special 75e luncheon tlaitv. Also $1.!5 dinner from
5:30 to 7:00 p. ni. Regular Board ly the month hr.00
HENRY POPPEN, MANAGER
L. J. OVERLOOK. Broker
Vorroponc'ent: Paine. Weber A. Co.. Gonton. Cuiutn. Clum.
LOGAN 4. BRYAN. NEW YORK AND CHICAGO
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN COPPER STGC
Lowell Wood & Coal Co.
Phone 630
COALWOOD HAY
GRAIN
Now Is the Time to
Order Your Fuel
Your health, comfort and appearance
depends upon your teeth.
They should be attended to now. DR.
X. F. TEUFERT, Maze Bidg. Modern,
Painless Methods.
Border Stage Line
BISBEE NOGALES
Leaves Bisbee
A P.M.
1 P.M.
Leaves Nogales
Via Tombstone, Ft. Huachuca
and Patagonia,
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
COAL
WOOD
HAY
GRAIN
Chicken Feed
Phone 121 Office Below
Copper Queen Hotel
Bisbee Fuel and
Feed Co.
COPPER CITY
Carpenters and Cabinetmakers
4 C's JOB SHOP
Counter, Shelving, Store, Fixtures
and General House Repairs.
LOWELL, Opposite Brophy Garage
Collins & Bretherton
Insurance, All Kinds.
Real Estate, All Kinds.
Homes furnished or Unfurnished
For Sale and Rent,
Employer's Liability
L. T. FRAZIER, Mgr.
Phone 26 Box 2210
OR. PLAY FAIR
Osteoo ath
J8 Mason Hill Mason Hill Car Sto
WM. CALEY
TRANSFER & STORAGE
PHONE 50
Residence Phone 604
DR. R. GLAZE
Specialist, Eye Nerve Glasses
ARTIFICIAL EYES
Opposite Baptist Cnurch, Main Street
Phone 156 Bisbee, Ariz.
Painting and Paper Hanging
All My Work Is Guaranteed
Satisfactory.
Let Me Give an Estimate On
Your Work. Phone 728
J. JANCICH, P. O. Box 833
i Phone W Kes. Red. 867
! JOHN P. STEFFES
GENERAL CONTRACTOR
( Reinforced Concrete s.id Brick
! Construction
JRoofirJobblno
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 121
Fire Insurance
Auto Insurance
Real Estate
Legal Blanks
OfMce below
Copper Queen Hotel
C. H. HOGAN
PHONE 1-1 PAGE EIGHT
THE BISBEE DAILY REVIEW
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1919
URGES SPECIAL
SESSION RAISE
I L
fipuro'c Diiv
H. C. L. HITS HIM HARD
Don Luis, November 24, 1919.
Editor Review:
Your editorial appearing in one of
last week's issues concerning ouf un
paid teachers hit the nail squarely on
the head, in my way of thinking. A
teacher's hours, from' 9 to 4. sound
like short hours. But you will agree
with me when I say their duties are
not ended when 4 o'clock conies. I
h.d the pleasure of attending an en
tertainment at the Horace Mann, Jr.
high school some time ago and it
teemed the whole staff of teachers
were there as a reception 'commit 're
uniil 10:30 p. in., while the principal
oii- the school looked as if the only
thing that bothered him was the v.vl
fare of the children. Another teacher,
a girl, who was educated here and
lived 'here most of her life, was a
very prominent figure in making the
iw'I'air a success, which it certainly i
was. j
It appears to be that the teachovs
put in a lot of overtime that they j
never get paid for. Look at-the tinie.i
some of the teachers put in with the j
football, basketball, baseball ar.:l j
nlhe- snnrt whirh nro all a hpnf-fit f
to our children.
Let the governor, if he is sincere
in calling it a deplorable state of af
fairs, call an extra session of th?
legislature and provide funds for the
"schools. If that is not possible, why!
not the school board call , a mass
meeting and see if it is possible to
have a bond election? Bonds are
voted to build the school. Why not
bonds to keep them furnished with
good, competent teachers?
I have been around the mines in
the Warren district for 18 years and
I have never yet heard a man com
plain about paying school taxes. If
the tax was made $3.50 It would go
with the miners just the same, and
that would help some.
Call a mass meeting; petition the
governor to call an extra session of
0
I
f. II, WORKER
FROM OR
EST
ARRIVES TODAY
Two lectures have been added to i
program arranged for Mi.-s Edithf,
133
V- ?t' ikv wtf
r
Sawyer, Y. W. C. A. worker, who has '
spent ti-veral years among the Chi-j
nr-sfi ana wno will arrive in iiisnee
this morning. As announced yester
day, Miss Sawyer will speak to the
board of directors at 2:30 this after
noon, following this lecture with an
open meeting at which persons from
the entire district are cordially in
vited to attend. For tlrose who can
not attend the afternoon sessions
Mis." Sawyer will deliver a talk at
another open meeting tonight at 8
o'clock. Thia is given particularly
for the business women of the com
munity but every one is invited to
attend.
Members of the girls' Ili-Y club.
reserve corps and other Y. V. C. A
institutions are urgently requested to
be present tomorrow afternoon at
2:30, when Miss Snwyer will deliver
a lecture lor. their .benefit. Miss
Sawyer has a special message which
she wishes to convey to the Warren
district young women and which
should prove both interesting and
educational. The speaker has spent
several yearb among the children of
the Orient, and all of h"er talks will
e replete with humorous anecdotes
of our neighbors in the far east.
Blankets are called blankets be
cause Thomas Blanket, who intro
duced woolens to England in 1348,
invented and wove them.
TRAINS DELAYED.
ALBUQUERQUE. N. M., Nov. 27.
All westbound and overland passen
ger trains on the Santa Fe railroad
were reported delayed late tonight,
due to heay snows in the Glorietta
and Raton mountains. The snow ex
tended into western Kansas, offi
cials here said.
The most complete Jot) printing
plant in Arizona at your service.
Phone 39. Review.
SEVERE FIGHTING.
LONDON', Nov. 27. An official
statement from the soviet govern
ment at Moscow Indicated that most
severe fighting is in progress on the
Volga front, where the Bolsheviki
have captured Uubvoka, 18 mil-s 1
south-souihwest of Saratov, with S0O
prisoners. i
Why Worry
"Better Times"
Is Coming
Read the Dally Review Want Ads.
TRANCE .CUIftVOYANT
"DIFFERENT FROM ALL OTHERS"
NEVER FAILS
Prof. Deiynn and Patra
WORLDS GREATEST PHYSIC ME
DIUM. TRu'THFi-'l. ADVISOR
NO GL'ES .-.S, Si i l OR-
..TUNE telling.
AsKYourDealerflK
Grand FmelMmM
i Firearms 6 Ammunition nm
Wite for C&talolue If
THE REMINGTON ARMS U M C CO 1
XT
i
: W: -tWi tsf?SJ'
m H
0
LOCATED IN OFFICE ROOMS OV
THE LOWELL DRUG CO. IN MARX
BUILDING. LOWELL, ARIZONA.
EAGLE
SPIRITUALISTIC MEDIUM OF
AUSTRALIAN 'AN ENGLISH
FAME
LEICESTER, Eng. K'a tough to be the world's Tattest boy in
these days of II. C. L. Lonny Mason, who weighs COO pounds and
is ouly 16, has to have every stitch of his clothes, made expressly
for him.
ELKS ATTENTION
All members of Bisbee Lodge No.
G71 and visiting brothers are request
ed to attend special meeting Saturday
evening, November 29. Initiation and
business or importance. Ey order
E. B. MATHEWS,
11-29-191!) Exalted Ruler.
TIPS OF THE TOWN
land package party. The hall was
crowded, and the entertainment was
: voted all that the occasion demanded.
GRAND Theatre
Bisbee
One Night Only
MONDAY, DEC. 1st
My Honolulu
Girl"
CONFINED TO HOME.
.William Sherrill, member of the po
lice department, is confined to his
home with a wrenched back.
TO ATTEND CONFERENCE.
About t ten members of the boys'
department of the Y. M. C. A. left for
Phoenix last evening to attend the
bovs' conference there.
FEW DAYS ONLY
COME NOW DON'T WAIT
SPECIAL $1.00 SPECIAL
MPFTINR TONIGHT.
The organization committee or the.&E M(,n ' ot
United Ame.icans. headed by Judge A large delegation of fight fans at
J. W. Hogan. chairman, will meet at j tended the boxing contest at Douglas
7;C0 o'clock this evening in the Com-! yesterday the greater part of them
morcial club to select delegates to; making the trip by auto and the le-
;q state convention which is to be ! mainuer going ny iruu.
j hold in Phoenix during the first week '
in December.
VISITING IN PHOENIX.
Dr. end Mrs. C. L. Edmundson are
visiting in Phoenix. They will re-J
turn within a few days.
Bisbee Boys Leave
For State Capital
The Bisbee and Douglas delega
tions to the Older Boys' conference
K. OF C. DANCE. . i at Phoenix left on the Golden fetate
The Knights of Columbus held a limited at 4 o'clock this morning,
dance, last evening at their hall, j The train was scheduled to leave at
which was attended by many. Beck-ho:40.
c.'s orchestra furnished the music, j Eight boys registered from Bisbee,
but as machines could not be obtain
ed to take the party overland, only
five boys were able to go. Earl Rea-
fro T rotwocan t!rr tlio f ri ;m c t iin
Musical Comedy Artists j the local lodge of Odd Fellows andj ; representing
l uieir uu-iiuB I (he tfi-Y Huh- .Taek Wntersnn. re lire-
. i . a. nrfniro
rpi j r iT n one oi ine mnsi suci.cnt.iui auauo
IRC LVCnt OI Hie OeSSOIllof the Thanksgiving season was held
' . t t- 1 -1 1 - AifMtCn ( 'V OT
J I. O. O. F. hall last evening when
Prof. De Lynn, the eminent Ciag
nostican and lecturer wup has toured
and lectured through England and
Australia, requires no introduction to
the people of this county. His age,
vast .experience, liberal thought, made
possible by his travels in other worlds.
The earnest student of psychological
phenomena will find in De Lynn a
true specialist.
To those who have never visited a
Clairvoyant before: Why? Because I
intelligently unravel their troubles. I
see all, tell all, and never ask a sol
itary question. But you must come to
me fair minded and honest, or I can
not help you; the very nature of my
profession permits of no challenge 1
contest. Be passive and I will telllS?
your inermost soul.
THEATRE
TODAY 1 TO 11
ie
rri-i rim ti rr
drama of the
A Genuine Mystic Makes No Claim
His Woik Spesks for Itself If in
Need of True Help and Ad
vice, Consult This Gifted
Man
"BEST BEYOND QUESTION"
WHAT DO YOU WANT, THE
PROOF, OR PROMISES
Sinzers. Dancers. Comedians 1
: the legislature. Then bring pressure renting the Boy Scouts, and Eddie
Troupe Of Native Hawaiian to bear on the following matters: Clement and Marion Hascall, repre-
I Provide a greater budget Tor our - -
! schools; ratify the woman's suffrage
amendment; and pass a law to cur
tail the activities of the "Reds," or
18 BIG MUSICAL
NUMBERS
Wonderful Scenic Effects
Gorgeous Costumes, and the w- w-'8' for 'Uh Psure brought
r-f by the American Legion we could
amOU3 i?CZC':;o.y pet a ,aw tnrough the extra session
BEAUTY CHORUS that would put a damper on this un-
lawful organization for all time, and
The boys are expected back some
time Monday.
Prices - - - 75c, $1, $1.50, $2 wou,d ,eave ,he conservative element
fi r T wno have homes and are raising fani
. iM. 1 . ,Bi' ilies and educating their children, to;
StAli! U1N OALL at LlKIU live in peace. A CITIZEN.
AUTHOR DEAD.
CHICAGO, Nov. 27 George Wash
ington Ellis, lawyer and writer, and
for eight years minister from the
United States to Liberia, is dead
here. . He was a frequent contributor
to the magazines.
KING VIDOR'S GREATEST MASTERPIECE,
"Bette
r Timei
,95
"Gets-H" Peals Off
Osrns Painlessly
Off They Coxe like Banana Skin.
2 or 3 Drops, TLat's AIL
There's a. murderous, ra'nful way
to pet rid of corns, and then thcro
is the peaceful, glorious "poel-it-off"
"(;hs-U" way. Aft'r you have
tried "Licts-H" you win s.iy 'nevSr
The wonderful drama of optimism
Happy and Human t
Come and live a life in an hour
Central Theatre, Tonight
and Saturday
Eagle Theatre, Sisti Only
A high priced feature at regular house prices
Cut It? Quit It! "Gets-It" Peel It!
again" to all other methods. This
i is because "Gets-It is the only
corn-removcr on earth that makes
I corns I'eel oft just like a banana
1 phln. Tr.o or three droc3 will do
the work, without fussing er trou
ble." You apply it in 2 or 3 neconda.
I It dries immediately "Gets-It
dors the rest, without bandages.
J plasters, bleoil-brincing knlven or
razors. Get rid of that corn-pain at
onre, go that you can work and play
i without corn torture. He 3uro to
j use 'Gets-It." It never fails.
' Gots-1 1," the only sure, guaranteed.
I money-b.ick coin-romovor, copts b'lt
J a trilo nt any i t-u store. Al'r'd by
F. Lnwrcnco & Co., Cliicuiro, 111.'
j Sold in Bisbee and recommended as
j the world's best corn remedy by
I Fhelps Dodge Mercantile company and
Central Pharmacy. Adv.
My friends, if you are sad and lone
ly, if you are downcast and discour
aged wiih all the affairs of life; if
your loved ones have turned their
backs against you and crushed out
all confidence in mankind, if you feel
that there is nothing left to live for
and are on the verge of almost giv
ing up in despair then I pray you to
seek the MASTER MIND without de
lay. For, believe me, he has a mes
sage that will transform your grief
into joy a message that will awaken
within you a. new force of lifegiving
energy and youthful ambition which
wll add a-new silver', lining to the;
I hem of life's pathway and make you .
I : .Vuj.a '41 1 '
ifore- U!f;
THIS IS THE? MAJ '-UNDER- A POS
ITIVE GUARANTEE .ABSO
LUTELY THE VERY DEST
ONE TO -CONSULT
I tell you ejcaetly vhat you want
to know concerning the very affairs j
in which you are most deeply Inter- j
ested. ' ; !
KNOW WHAT TO: DO KNOW THE
TRUTH KNOW TUB TIME ;
I ca.ll names, tell your ages, your j
occupation and what condition your ,
business is in. how to promote it; j
tell you all about your wfe, husband, j
and sweetheart or lover, and how to :
win the love of any you desire. I
tell you of any move, journey, spec-
ulation, position, or change of any
kind which may be before you and '
how to ; to obtnin the best results.:
! I tell you exactly what your acquaint- j
ances think of you, whom and when j
you will marry, if at all, and give .
their names, age, orupation and dis
position. In short I tell everything you j
called to find out and that too. with
out asking yon a word or question.
Adv.
pulsing
western
plains, starring
HARRY CAREY
In
Three
Mounted Men'
In seven thrilling acts
Gaumont's
Express Graphic
L-Ko Fun Feature
'Sambo's
Wedding Day'
Sunday
'Better Times'
Lyiric Theatre
1 to 11 TODAY 1 to 11
GERALDINE FARRAR IS HERE
In a Supreme Screen 1 humph
The Stronger Vow
A Virile Drama of the Apaches Haunts in Parij,
which gives DIVA a most Powerful Role.
The River Gray and Green
A Comedy
A Movie Riot
15
lift
GRAND, 29 o v St E R 30
7 bundav
The men get the laugh
ter, the song and the
wine, and they pay
with a little love, they
go on their way and
laugh and sing and
love again,"
BUT
What happens to the
poor; girl with but one
standard of right and
wrong? '
"Going
i
Straight "
(Not a Movie)
AUDRA ALDEN
(Recent Star, "The Brat") '
And Excellent Company
Caution: Reserve Seats Early
uli'm inn lii 1
jyrtii' miasma
STORE HOURS
8:30 to 5:30
SATURDAY
6:00 P. M.
DO YOUR
CHRISTMAS
SHOPPING
NOW
Reliable Advertising
Bisbee, Arizona, Fridr.y, November 23, 1919
LISTEN MEN!
It is now time to consider your winter underwear and sleeping garment needs and
right at this time we are offering wonderful saving opportunities which are worthy of
your consideration, although we do not use comparative values, each and every item
listed below, you will appreciate upon inspection.
MEN'S FLANNELETTE MEN'S FLANNELETTE ' Jen
NIGHTSHIRTS, NIGHTSHIRTS, SWrU
SPECIAL, $1.69 ' Extra Value, $2.19 $2 95
A sood grade of stripe flannelette. . . ... v
military, collar, well made, sizes 15 Aeavy frade of stripe llannelettc. Two pocket., full Ues.
to 20. witn or without collar, good full sizes excellent grade of flan
nel. See this value.
MEN'S PAJAMAS MEN'S PAJAMAS 8
Sale Price, $1.98' Reduced to $2.19 Jove8
A one-piece sleeping .garment of A good quality of stripe flannelette,
heavy stripe flannelette, wonderful slik braid fro trimmed, worth a OOC
value. great deal more. Leather raced wrist or
gauntlet style.
Men's Underwear Under Priced
MEN'S SEPARATE GARMENTS,
Sale Price $1.69
A winter weight of ribbed wool, pants or shirts,
all sizes. In grey only.
MEN'S UNION SUITS
$3.29
Cooper's part wool, closed crotch, sizes 36 to 4C,
very special values
MEN'S SEPARATE UNDERWEAR
Price Reduced to $1.69
These pants or shirts in khaki color, broken sizes,
part wool, wonderful value, If you can secure your
size.
MEN'S UNION SUITS
$3.98
A wool garment, closed crotch, well tailored, sizes
34 to 46, a big reduction for quick selling.